ULTIMATUM GIVEN
KEEPERS OF JOINTS
Citizens of Topeka Decide That All. Saloons
flust Go, and There May Be Bloodshed.
LONDON, Feb. 11.— "A solemn reafflrmation of the Anglo-Portu
guese alliance is pending-, I am informed," says the Lisbon corre
spondent of the 3>aily Mail, "and England will request Portugal
to land Portuguese troops to guard certain points in South Africa
in order to enable the British employed at those points to join the
fighting columns."
BRITAIN SEEKS AID FROM PORTUGAL.
NEWARK, N. J., Feb. lO.-Rev.
John Keller, 'who was shot an<l
badly wounded in Arlington a
¦week ago by Thomas G. Barker,
had. a comfortable night, and
though there was no pronounced change
In his condition to-day he was resting
well, and there were Indications of con
valescence. Dr. Exton, in charge of the
case, is much annoyed by frequent state
ments that Mr. Keller is dying. There
were no new developments In the case In
Hysteria of the Assailant's Wife Probably Caused Her Confession
and the Shooting of the New Jersey Minister.
KELLER MAY RECOVER FROM
WOUND INFLICTED BY BARKER
MRS. NATION REPLIES TO GIBBONS.
DES MOINES, la., Feb. - 10.— Replying to Cardinal Gibbons, Mrs.
Nation said to-day: "I have no patience to discuss the declaration
which Cardinal Gibbons made that moderate and occasional use of
alcoholic liquors is not to be condemned and is not immoral. He
•tras speaking a message of the devil. It came straight from hell
and how a man pretending to be a minister and moral teacher can
bring himself to utter such shameful sentiments I cannot under
stand. I will not try to answer it only to say that the results of "
moderate drinking, irhich almost always leads to some kind of ex
cess, are seen on every side and known by every one, and certainly
Cardinal Gibbons cannot be an exception."
THE WOUNDED MINISTER.
THE MAN VmO SHOT HIM
AND HIS "WIFE.
day. she gpt up and . started „ to- leave the
edlrtce! Mr. "Sands, thinking she j. was ill.
stepped from his pew and went' to her.
She threw herself against him, and then
went-down the aisle screamhng and strug
gling as If In a fit. This is further cited
as tending to show the woman's Inclina
tion toward hysterical temperament.
Adherents of the minister contend that
the woman must have been laboring un
der a delusion. The theory Is advanced
that perhaps some fancied Imprudence or
misconstrued act of the minister long
ago took form in her mind, which, as
her illness increased, grew in magnitude
until she Imagined what she told to her
husband.
Duke of York Visits King.
LONDON. Feb. 11.— King. Edward ami
Queen Alexandra visited the Duke of
Cornwall and York. Saturday afternoon,
and the Duke returned the visit at Marl
borough House, where their Majesties will
remain until the opening of Parliament.
King Charles of Portugal dined with their
Majesties last evening. -
No Decision as to Connaught.
LONDON, Feb.* 10.— With reference ta
the report that* the Duke of Connaugh*
will be appointed commander-in-chief of
the British forces In India, it Is ascertained
In official quarters that nothing definite
has yet been decided as to his future mili
tary status.' ' • •:
INSURGENTS ARE VERY
ACTIVE IN COLOMBIA
Rebels Pressing On to Colon in Spite
of Opposition by Government
Troops.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Feb. 10.— Advice
to-day from Colon, Colombia, show that
there is a continuance of lns'urgent activ
ity In many quarter*. Last week there
was severe fighting Detween the Govern
ment troops and the rebels near Panama,
and the latter were then pressing toward
Panama and Colon in spite of the Gov
ernment reinforcements.' '"-,
MOTOR CAR CRASHES
INTO SLEIGHING PARTY
Eleven Persons Returning From a
Dance in Ohio Are Sariously
Injured.
CLEVELAND.. Ohio. Feb. 10.— At ' 3:30
o'clock this morning a motor car crashed
into a sleighing party of twenty-two per
sons. .Eleven .wore more or less injure!,
but none fatally./ The party had been to
a. dance in the^countrv. The motor car,
which was running at a high rate of
speed, struck the sleigh In the middle.
Several saw the car in time to jump and
escaped injury.
• The iniured: May. Marlon and John
Early;: Christian' and Thomas Kelly.; Al
bert Hq^kins, P.; J. and M. McGulrc, C.
J. Dorsey, P. R. IHckev and William A.
Nunn.
Deadlock' at Havana.
• HAVANA. Feb. 10.— Tho Cuban consti
tutional convention: completed its work
last night with the' exception of settling
the deadlock; on, the question: of accepting
the'clause that would make General Max
imo -Gomez ¦ eligible .to \ the : Presidency/of
the ! Republic. :. This . matter . will ¦ come V up
again : to-morrow. ( , It ;is thought; that, a
compromise .will be * reached / but the fight
is very bitter.
DBESSMAKING STRIKE
IN PARIS IS SERIOUS
Speaker Suggests That Houses of Re-
calcitrants Be Burned With
Petroleum.
PARIS. Feb. 10.— The strike in the Paris
dressmaking trade has assumed formid
able proportions. Aboutsixteen firms are
involved, including such well-known
houses as Worth, Redfern. Pauquin. Dou
cot, La Ferriere, D'Oellit and Raudnltz.
This afternoon the strikers held a meet
ing. ! Numerous seamstresses, whom tho
tailors aro urging to strike, en ma:se,
were, present. The speakers, among them
Louise Michel, urged the men to hold out.
The orator -suggested burning the work
shops of recalcitrant firms with petrol
eum, but this proposal met with a cold
reception.
The meetinc decided to demand an
eight-hour day and six francs for women.
The employers were given until to-morrow
to reply. If they do not yield a 'general
strike will be declared.
Sultan Expresses Satisfaction.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Feb. 10.— United
States Charge d'Affaires Griscom had' a
farewell audlenco with the Sultan' last
Friday. His Majesty expressed! satisfac
tion at seeing that friendly relations.be
tween Turkey and the United States we're
no\v assured. Mr. Gripcom has obtained
an exequatur for Mr. Harris.Unitcd States
Consul at Tripoli, Syria.'
t •¦--• • . . '¦
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Feb. 10. — The
/United States transport Rawllns went
aground this morning on a coral ' reef
near the wreck "of the United States coi-
Her Merrimae. She arrived at daybreak.
Intending to embark the troops of the
Tenth United States Infantry for New
York to-day. The pilot attempted to pass
on the wrong sido of the Merrimae. and
struck the hidden reef hard. Three power
ful tugs pulled unsuccessfully all tho
afternoon in nn attempt to float the ship.
It will probably be necessary to rig elab
orate tackle before she can be got off.
She is in no danger, and the likelihood Is
that she is not iniured.
Goes Aground Near the
Wreckof Collierfier
rimac, but flay
TRANSPORT
RAWLINS ON
CORAL REEF
MANILA. Feb. 10.— A company of the
Forty-sevnth United States Volunteer In
fantry operating in the island'^of Catan
duanes, off the southeast coast oi Luzon,
captured Bustosas, the insurgent governor
of tho Island.
The United States gunboat Don Juan de
Austria, 'co-operating with a detachment
of the Forty-seventh Infantry, captured
thirty Insurgents, including a colonel and
two majors, in. the province of ; Ilbany,
Luzon.
Evidence is accumulating against the in
criminated Manila traders who were
charged with aiding the insurgents.
The attendance at the second evangel
ical meeting in the Tondo ward of Manila
to-day was somewhat ' larger than the one
several days ago. There were not many
Catholics present, and Senor Buencamino
said the priests had directed them not to
attend.
An affirmative expression was taken of
the views of the meeting on the desirabil
ity of establishing an evangelical church,
and Senor.Buencamlno has given, the Rev.
James B. Rodgers,-- missionary of the
Presbyterian Board of Mlsrinos, charge of
the effort. He Is disposed to leave the
Federal party 'n order to prove that ho is
not mixing political with religious re
forms. .
.The. Methodist missionaries were not
present at the_ meeting, having gone to at
tend the Methodist conference at Singa
pore. *\ • .V
Thirty Filipinos In
cluding Officers Are
Also Taken Pris
¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
oners.
INSURGENT
GOVERNOR
CAPTURED
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— The Ice blockade
In the North and East rivers and in the
harbor still continues, but in a less severe
degree. The ice was thickly ¦ packed on
the New York side of -the North River
and on the -Brooklyn. sido of the East
River, driven by a strong wind. There
was very little travel on the East River
ferryboats because travelers preferred to
take chances across the bridge. North
River ferries all made slow time. The
boats of the South Ferry and Hamilton
avenue lines had the - greatest ; difficulty
in making their slips, on the Brooklyn
side. The Staten Island boats ran- on
schedule time.. . ... ,
On account of the ice which is solidly
packed in the slip at the foot of Morton
street. North River, the French liner La
Champagne, which reached quarantine
this evening, was compelled to anchor
there for the night. '
Severe Weather Ham=
pers Traffic in the
North and East
Ing the church was told by a woman who
was formerly associated with her in par
ish organization work. It was that a
year and a half ago the Bethany Chap
ter, of the Women's Auxiliary proposed
giving a purse to Mr. Keller before he
went on his summer .vacation. Mrs. Bar
ker stoutly opposed this gift. Despite her
opposition, '•fcjowever, -the money ¦ was
raiseci and "-¦ presented j to the rcctor.'^JVIra..
Barker; thus defeated, left, the church. "
Mri Keller corroborated this version of
the affair. To a close friend he -said
that ' Mrs. Barker left the -church
at the time of the purso incident,
but that .her troubles in the church had
begun at least, six months previously
from some cause which nobody under
stood.
Another member . of the parish told
of an occurrence in the church
about the time that Mrs. Barker's disa
greement - began. During service one
BLOCKADE
OF ICE AT
NEW YORK
Arlington to-day. Mrs. Barker is still
living In strict seclusion in the home of
Miss Germond, on Laurel avenue, refus
ing to see or talk with Interviewers, and
being visited only by an occasional inti
mate friend. .- -*
In some quarters the opinion' is ex
pressed that Mrs. Barker in fact offered
no resistance to the minister, and that
her confession was made to her husband
only after he had heard her mumbling In
her sleep about the wrong E»r. Keller had
done "her.~"The liuabftiKhncoct morning- de
manded an explanation, and Mrs. Barker
told him that the minister attacked her
while she was in a fainting condition.
Slnce the tragedy every one In Arling
ton has been recalling incidents that hap
pened about the time that Mrs. Barker
quit attending Mr. Keller's church. Gos
sip has even recalled the suicide several
years ago of a prominent resident of Ar
lington whose wife had been conspicuous
in Mr. Keller's church. Even those who
aro friendly to Barker, however, pro
nounce any attempt to connect tho mln-
lster In any way with this suicide most
unwarranted and cruel. .
One explanation of Mrs. Barker's leav-
TOPEKA. Kan.. Feb. rJ.-A mass meet
l~z of the citizens of Topeka this after
noon, at which 3000 were present, decided
that the joints of th? city must po at
mce. Friday. February IS. Is named as
the time when the clean*! ng of the city
must be made coir.r'er- If it is not done
by that time an arm> of a thousand men
•will Immediately m"V<> upon the joints
and remove them by forcp.
The meeting this afternoon was remnrk-
Eble in every respect. It waf called by a
committee cf the Law Enforcement
league and was attended by nearly all
the prominent business men of the city.
Conservative men, who have heretofore
advocated moderation. Insist that the
People of Topeka fhall take the law in
their own hand?. An ultimatum was
passed commanding the officers of the
city 'and county to perform their duty re
garding tBe clours: of the Joints.
The property owners on whose premises
the Joints are kept were warned that they
had better sbate the nuisances at once
or the people of Topeka would not be re
fpor.sible for the damage that might en-'
tjp to the buildings.
The jointists were warned in the follow
ing vigorous terms that Topeka. did not
desire their presence any longer:
"To tho?e illegally engaged in this illicit
business, we have to Fay that the long
fontrox^rsy of the public with you must
rome to an end. You have openly and
persistently defied our laws: you have
made yourselves the agents of even great
er criminals outside of the State who
have supported you in your unlawful traf
fic; you have introduced the most corrupt
ing and demoralizing factors and infiu
pnrrs into oi:r local pojities. and for years
you have scorned all appeals and warn
ji-cs that have been presented to you by
The virtu"- loving portion of the commun
ity. lOw we Ife"l that tnetime lias come
v.hcn we must speak to you peremptorily.
You must stop this lawless business at
once. We hereby notify you that we must
l,ave satisfactory evidence that all your
illicit poods shall have been removed and
shipped from the city before 12 o'clock
noon Friday. February 15..l-*pon the strict
observance of this demand we shall in-
Fist, and if it shall be disregarded we will
take whatever measures are necessary for
its risrid enforcement.
•"If a long outraged public shall be com
pelled to resort to the fundamental rig-ht
of self-vindication against criminals and
their abc-ttcrf, the grave consequences to
evildoers, which may result from such
a return, must rest with the defiers and
mjllif.ers of our laws and the obstructors
f f our governmental machinery. The
jolntists, the men who rent property to
jointists and the men who have violated
their oaths in tolerating crime, these are
the disturbers of the peace, and not the
wronged public, which as sovereign, has
both the right and the duty to see that
its will and judgment shall be respected."
Thfre were a number of addresses, in
T.hieh Mrs. Nation came in for her full
share.
Chief of Police Stahl made an address.
He paid the law could be enforced if the
entire police of the city would work in
unison with him.
Twelve hundred men signed their names
to cards pledging themselves to be ready
at a moment's notice to join the "army"
which has been recruited to stamp out
the joints by the time the limit set by
the ultimatum expires.
The next lew days in lopeKa win se>
interesting developments, possibly blood
Fhed.
DENOUNCE SMASHER'S METHOD.
Mrs. Nation.
Women of Denver Who Differ From
DENVER, Feb. 10.— Colorado women be
lieve in the advancement of their sex and
exercise the right of suffrage, but de
nounce Mrs. Carrie Nation's methods of
teir.rerance reform. Of twenty leading
Denver women inter\*iewed, not one of
them favored saloon smashing. Here arc
some opinions:
Mrs. James B. Orman, wife of the Gov
ernor of Colorado: "From the little I have
thought of the matter, her methods, seem
somewhat extreme and ill considered. I
can hardly bring myself to believe that
much good ran eomo of such violence. I
f hould be glad to pr-e a high license on the
liquor traffic, if not a prohibitory law in
Colorado. It is a question in my mind
whether the prohibitory law brings
the jrrcatcst good to the greatest num
ber."
Mrs. T. M. Patterson, wife of the United
States Senator-elect: "I think there is just
about as' much reason in the methods of
Mrs. Nation as In lynching. Both are the
rrsult of revolution against a strictly pro
hibitive law and both, though intrinsical
ly bad. ar<> In one way almost Justifiable
by the circumstances. I am devoted to
the temperance cause, but such methods
as Mrs. Nation's seem to me to be some
what, extreme."
Mrs. Jam<»s P. Whitmore, president of
the Women's Club: "I suspect that no one
take« Mr*. Nation very seriouajy, and I
arn quite sure that she -will not accomplish
much good by hor performances. I am In
terested In the temperance cause, but I
consider her methods are rather more sen-
sational than rational, and I hardly think
she will do much to. advance it."
GOVERNOR'S SON IS CANDID.
Condemns Father's Inaction and
Commends Mrs. Nation's
Course.
"WICHITA, .Kins., Feb. 10.— In yester
day's "issue of the Orange, the official
paper of Baker University. Harry Stanley,
son of Governor Stanley and editor of the
Orange, strongly condemns his father's
Inaction In prohibitory matters, and as
strongly commends the course of Mrs.
Nation. He says in part:
'•When a Joint has been allowed to con
tinue in open violation of law, as the Sen
ate in Topeka has done, almost under the
very eyes of those who have sworn to en
force the laws and uphold the constitution
of the State, then the people welcome any
one with moral courage to do what State
and local officers, in direct violation of
their oaths of office, failed to do."
"lyong live Mrs. Nation," says the
Orange.
Commenting upon ihe editorial young
Stanley said:
"I had my father In mind when I wrote
this, and am sorry that he had to be
roasted, but think he oupht to have the
moral rourape to do his duty. I am not
In favor of allowing laws to be violated,
even if It will make vote "
Young Stanley lives in Wichita -nd has
always taken quite a lively interest in his
father's affairs. •
MR. NATION NOW OBJECTS.
a Horsswhip.
May Again Go After His Wife With
WICUTTA, Kan*.. Feb. 10.— TCben Mr*.
Carrie "Nation, the saloon smasher, re
turns to her home at Medicine Lodge next
v.-eek she will not meet with a pleasant
reception from her husband if be remains
in his present state of mind. To-day he
gave out an interview In which he severe
ly criticized his*wjfe for touring the East.
"She should remain in Kansas, where
she can do some good." he said. "I don't
approve of her going all over the East and
making a show of herself, as people there
only want to make fun of her.. I think
Fhe is showing to the world that she is
losing her nerve, instead of telling them
how she did things'out here. People have
read in the papers how she smashed sa
loon?. If she starts to raise any row In
Chicago and other Tvns I hope they will
put her In jail and make her suffer for it.
I took her part and spent several hundred
hard-earned dollars while she was fight
ing saloons in Wichita, hut when she goes
out of. her pphere I vrlll have nothing
more to do with her should she get into
trouble."
In this connection it is well to note that
fourteen years ago David Nation was run
out of Columbia, Texas, for horsewhip
ping this same woman. Perhaps he will
do so again if ehe fails to please him.
HATCHET PIN THE EMBLEM.
Law and Order League Organized, at
•' Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 10.— The Law and
Order League has been organized here as
a result of the visit of Mrs. Nation. The
object of the league, as stated in Its by
laws, is to p«?e that "The laws of Kansas
City as to saloons and gambling are en
forced for the protection of homes and
children and for the general welfare of
the people."
A hatchet pin will be the emblem of the
league.
lecture Declared Off.
CHICAGO. Feb. lO.-The lecture of Mrs.
Xation advertised to be given at the Audi
torium on Tuesday night under the aus
pices of the Chicago Press Club has been
declared off. Believing from the result
of two days' seat sales, which aggregated
less than $12, that the lecture would be
a financial failure, the directors of the
club decided to abandon the project. Mrs.
Nation says she will come to Chicago
nevertheless.
Rsv. C. M. . Sheldon's Views.
TOPEKA, Ivans., Feb. 10.— The Rev. C.
M. Sheldon, author of "In His Steps."
preached a sermon to-fiay In which he dis
agreed with the methods about to be un
dertaken by the citizens of Tpoeka to rid
the town of joints. Rev. Sheldon said
the responsibility should be laid on the
individual and that the officers should be
forced to do their duty.
SHANGHAI. Feb. 10.— It-is reported here
that the Empress Dowager, yielding to
foreign pressure, has allowed Emperor
Kwang Su to assume the reins of govern
ment.
A dispatch from Peking asserts that all
the fortified passes beyond. the • territory
held by the allies are being garrisoned by
the, Chinese, and that Boxers are entering
Peking secretly. 7 V '.
PEKING. Feb. 10.— Count von Walder
see is very much dissatisfied with the con
duct of the Frerch troops near Paotingfu,
and also with their avowed intention. In
spite of his protests against It. to orga
nize an expedition to take possession of
the province of Shansl. He takes the
ground that expeditions, except for police
purposes or against bands of robbers,
should not be undertaken during peace
negotiations."
? General Ballloud.the French command
er at Paotingfu, ways that he la acting In
entire independence, of Count von AVal
dersee, and believes the wisest course to
be to nip th incipient rebellion In the bud
Immediately. He asserts that he was at
tacked on three sides by a number of Chi
nese while out with a few men near Pao
tingfu. and his theory is that the power
oC the foreigners should be shown. If pos
sible, wherever an occasion arises.
A staff officer of Von Waldersee who In
vestigated the Paoiingfu affair could find
no evidence of such trouble as
had been reported. On the contrary. h»
believes there are grounds for supposing 1
quite the opposite, although probably
there, as elsewhere, considerable mimber3
of dangerous robbers Infest the country
districts.
LI Hung Chang asserts that the Em
press Dowager and Emperor Kwang Su
never had more harmonious relations
than they have now. and that the former
quite agrees to the necessity for modern
reiorraa. He haa telegraphed to the court
his refusal to agree to sentences of.exe
cution "fraught with extreme danger and
threatening the dynasty Itself."
EEVIKW OF VOLUNTEERS.
Milner Tells Why Troops Are Needed
to Guard Cape Town.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 10.— Yesterday Sir
Alfred Milner reviewed 7000 men of th*
new volunteer force and made a spirited
address to the officers. He expressed ht3
gratification at the loyal response the col
ony had made to the call, emphasized the?
great value of mounted men and compli
mented the officers and all concerned upon
the "excellent work already done In stem
ming the Boer invasion."
"It has been said that the enemy would
never come to Car>e Town, but any one
who. In the face of events of the last few
months, will say a thing Is Impossible be
cause it seems improbable. Is too silly to
be argued with. I am aware that I risk
beings called an alarmist, but It Is better
to be called an alarmist than to run any
risk.
"There was a time when it was regarded
as Impossible for the Boers to penetrate
the extreme west and south of Cape.Col
ony, but they have reached one and are
within a few miles of the other. There
fore It Is necessary to take every precau
tion. Most men prefer to be called alarm
ists and to safeguard their property. That
is better than to b« railed a fine plucky
fellow and to lose your property."
PURSUIT OF DEWET.
Seven British Columns Unable to
Capture th© Boer Chief.
LONDON*, Feb. 11.— The Cap* Town
correspondent of the Times wiring yes
terday, and giving a general outline- of
the British offensive operations, says:
"The British force directed against
Christian Dewet's force included seven
columns under Knox, Hamilton. Maxwell.
White, Filchrr and Crewe. They hop#d
to force Dewet upon the British corps
concentrated on Orange River. The Boer*,
under cover of a detached commando,
swung westward and captured a 'pom
pom' from Major Crewe. and by crossing
the railway between Springfonteln and
evaded the British coneentra
tlon. :»i
"Dewet Is now probably in the Phllop
polls district, and this probably accounts
for the northwesterly movement of the
Boers in Cape Colony.
"The latest proclamation issued by
Dewet and Steyn closes thus: 'X shall
now enter Cape Colony to give the fann
ers there a taste of what we have our
selves suffered through this war." "
NO PEACE COMMISSSION.
LONDON. Feb. 10.— Lord Raglan, Under
Secretary of State for "U"ar, Informed a
correspondent to-day that General Sir
Evelyn Wood is not going to South Africa
and that no peace commission Is contem
plated.
"The reoort as to a peace commission
Is false from beginning to end," he said,
'"ine policy of the Government Is the very
opposite of what would prompt such a
step. Troops, not peace commissioners, are
going to South Africa."
It is also understood that Sir Evelyn
"Wood Is less likely than any other high
officer to be chosen for Important special
duties, as he is' now so deaf that his re
tirement is only a question of a short
time.
GRAVE EVENTS PREDICTED.
LISBON", Feb. 10.— The Monde, violently
attacking the policy of the Portuguese
Government for violatinc the neutrality
laws by allowing the British to land
troops on Portuguese territory In South
Africa, says:
"Such a course on the part of the coun
try invites certain disaster. It Is easy to
perceive symptoms of grave events 1n the
near future."
Bloemfontein. Lord Kitchener has highly
complimented Major Crewe on the
achievement.
Count Von Waldersee Dissatisfied With Conduct of
French Troops Near Paotingfu.
LONDON, Feb. 11.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Kitchener, the coinmander-ln-chief in
South Africa:
•/PRETORIA, Feb. 9.— The columns work
ing eastward occupied Ermelo February 6
vrlih slight opposition. A large force of
Boers, estimated at 7000, under Louis
Botha, retired eastward. About SOO wagons
with families passed through Ermelo on
the way. to Amsterdam, and a very large
quantity of stock is being driven east.
"A_ peace delegate under sentence of
death and other Boer prisoners were
'taken away by the Boera. All the reports
show that the Boers are exceedingly bit
ter. Fifty Boers surrendered.
"Louis Botha, with 2000 men, attacked
General Smith-Dorrien at Orange Camp
at 3 a. m. February 6. He was repulsed
after severe fighting. General Spruit was
killed; General Randemeyer was severely
wounded and two cornets •were killed.
Twenty of the Boer dead were left In our
hands and many severely wtunded. Our
casualties were twenty-four killed and
fifty-three v/ounded.
"Our movement to the east is reported
to have thoroughly upset all the enemy's
calculations and created a panic In the
district.
"Christian Dewet appears to be crossing
the line south of Jaegerfo-nteln road to
the weaf this morning, having failed to ef
fect a crossing by the drifts east of
Bethulie.
"In Cape Colony Calvanla has been
occupied by Colonel d« Lisle, who entered
February 6. the enemy retiring."
FIGHTS DEWET'S FORCE.
Major Crewe'a Column Has Lively
Battle With the Boers.
EAST LONDON, Cape Colony. Feb. 10.—
Details have been received here of severe
fighting at Tabaksberg Mountain, forty
miles east of the railway, about midway
between Smalldeel and Bloemfontein. Ma
jor Crewe, with a composite column trav
eling south-west, sighted the mountain on
the morning of January 31. Ho heard
heavy firing, and knowing that Colonel
Pitcher's column was on the other side
of the mountain he concluded that this
officer was In action. Consequently he
hurried forward, only to meet the Boers
streaming down and evidently retiring
from Colonel Pitcher's lyddite shells. Im
mediately Major Crewe brought three flf
teen-pounders and a pompom to bear on
the Boers, who. however, were found to
be so numerous, that It was Impossible to
head them off. Orders, were given to re
turn to camp, about two miles from the
mountain. The column re'sted until 4
o'clock in the afternoon, when the march
was resumed southwest.
Major Crewe was Just touching the
southern point of the mountain when a
terrific rifle fire opened from a large force
of Boers in ambuscade on the mountain.
The light soon became general.. the Boers
attacking the British on both flanks and
the rear. The British pompom Jammed
and became useless. Major Crewe
grasped the situation and by ti brilliant
move got the convoy Into a safe position.
Between 7 and S In the evening the Boers
charged the position and turned both
flanks. The British ammunition became
exhausted and Major Crewe was oblisred
to retire and abandon the pompom after
the advance party had endeavored to save
It and had sustained severe losses.
A rear-guard action was fought by Ma
jor Crewe into the camp where the wagons
had been laagered. Intrenchments were
thrown up during the night. When morn
ing came Major Crewe started to join Gen
eral Knox. twelve miles to the southwest.
The Boers 'immediately reattacked him.
compelling him to fight a second rear
guard action for a few miles. General De
wet personally commanded the Boers, es
timated at 2500. Major. Crewe' s force wa3
only TOO. Eventually the British officer
¦Joined General Knox and returned to
CHINA'S EMPEROR ASSUMES
THE REINS OF GOVERNMENT
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 73.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY : 11, 19O1.
PRICE FlVE CENTS.
BOERS DESPERATELY
ATTACK THE BRITISH
Fierce Fighting Renewed in South Africa
and Casualties' Heavy on Both Sides.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.To Cure "a Cold in One Bay.
LONDON, Feb. 11.— Madame Adellni
Pattl.will sell her estate, Cralg-y-Nos ¦ at
auction February 18. unless It is previously
disposed of by private sale.
Patti to Sell Her Welsh Home.
PARTS, Feb. 10.— The Herald's European
edition DUblishes the following: The Fi
garo, having asked Sir Charles Dilke's
opinion on the . political outlook for the
new'centurx, "Sir Charles replies" that he
sees reason" of a commercial character
why all European nations should fore*
swear jealousy and. dislike In the face of
the redoubtable competition they' are
bound ' to ' meet from North and South
America. - -
he. says, "to regard
Germany "as Great Britain's chief rival
The fact Is it is the United Ptate3 before
whom Great Britain as well as Germany
and France will soon have to strike their
colors." {
South America he expects to be a no less
redoubtable rival. He concluded by. as
serting the vital necessity for England to
Increase her fleet. V" . ..
Opinion of Sir Charles Dilke on the
Political Outlook for the New
Century.
AMERICA THE GREAT
COMMERCIAL POWER
BOSTON, Feb. 10.— Typographical Union
13 " to-day '.voted 'to call a strike in : every
book ! and 'Job printing plant In this city
In case the master printers refuse to sign
the -union; scale .; at once. ¦ They ; demand
that women typesetters • shall be treated
as compositors'* and receive
the , same - wages as men for ' doing ¦- the
same work.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Through the
good' offices- of Felix McCluaky, Edward
EganTof Brooklyn, a volunteer, private,
has been pardoned by the President. Egan
is at present undergoing a teriyears' sen
tence i at " hard ; labor ¦ at ¦ Alcatraz Island,
California, imposed for arson in the Phil
ippines. Egan was one of a party of sol
diers who were drunk and. were fired upon
by a party of • natives. ,¦ In ; retaliation the
soldiers set flre'to a house and a' woman
and child were burned to death, fe Mr. Mc-
Clusky knew the erring soldier's family
and > circulated; a petition, which -. was
signed by more than a hundred members
of the House and several Senators. ;. On
this the President acted. _ • .".-— . ¦ . . .
Big Strike Threatened.
Alcatraz Will UTow Be Be
[ leased.
Volunteer Sentenced to Ten Years at
PRIVATE EGAN IS
V PABDONED BY PRESIDENT
CRIPPLE CREEK, Feb. 10.— Ten miners
had a race for life with*a flood 700 feet
under ground In the Elkton mine last
night. A round of shots in the seventh
level opened a large body of water, which
poured rapidly Into tho drift. The pumps,
which lift 1800 gallons a minute, were
powerless against the flow.
Klght men in the drift ran for their
Jives and gave the haste call for the cage
which was sent down the shaft at full
speed.
The water was roaring through the drift
and plunging down the shaft. At the next
leuel. 100 feet below, were the pump men
and their assistants. They had been for
gotten in the rush, but had seen the dan
ger In time. The water was pouring in
from above and risinz from below. They
leaped to the ladder, a- series of broad
iron staples driven Into the perpendicular
walls of the .shaft. In the Inky blackness
with the roar of water In their ears an f i
the knowledge that a misstep meant death,
they climbed up. The pumpmen's top
boots were full of water, so fast had the
flood risen, and. hanging by bands to the
ladder, they had to enaice them off before
they could Onish the ascent The men
reached the seventh level, where they
were rescued by the cage. The pumps are
covered. The water- rose flfty-two feet
above the seventh level.
MTOTERS BACE WITH
FLOOD FOB THEIB LIVES
NEW YORKi .Feb. 10.— The "Worfd to
morrow v/ill say: The t-eparture of Charles
M. Schwab, president . of the Carnegie
Steel Company, for. the city of Plttsburg
Is Interpreted as a sure Indication that the
sale of the vast' holdings of Andrew Car
negie to the Morgan-Rockefeller syndicate
has been practically closed. Before his
departure Mr. Bchwab told a friend that
the published-, report : of the Immense
transaction was substantially correct.
Joshua Rhodes, one of the powers of the
American Tinplate Company, which Is to
form a part of the giant combination un
der Mr. Morgan's "community of inter
est" plan, camehere from Plttsburg yes-'
terdaV- When Mr. Rhodes learned that
Mr. Schwab had : left he started back to
Plttsburg after a stay of only two- hours
It Is expected that before this week Is
ended Mr. Morgan .will make formal an
nouncement of the purchase of the Car
negie Steel Company and the unification
under the "community of Interests"' plan
of all the corporations in. the steel and
kindred Industries.: , r. , . -«-.,.,,
There Is much curiosity, about the rela
tion'-which the American Steel and Wire
Company will bear -to the big' combina
tion.-. ¦ ¦ ¦-...":."--., . ¦ ¦¦¦¦;.,- ;•;..¦
Consummation of 1 .the . purchase It Is
thought will bring the general offices of
the Carnegie Company here from Pltts
burg. and consequently. • an immense
amount' of ready money'
President Schwab Before Departing
. for Pittsburg Says Published
Rumors Are Correct.
CONFIKMS STOBY OF SALE
OF THE CABNEGIE STOCK
MANSFIELD,"". O., Feb.- lO.-Near Mack
ay," in : Ashland County, about midnight
Saturday, six ' masked robbers bound ¦ and
gagged John Duncan, i a wealthy,: farmer,
and four members of his family and com
pelled them to surrender] $450 * In l money
and ' considerable : Jewelry by applying
matches to their feet. The robbers escaped
¦with a" stolen team.. Duncan did -not ; be
lieve in banks,, ¦¦ y ¦'¦¦, . _
Tortured , by; Bobbers.
and Priests Attacked on the
' '../'•¦ "'¦.-!;¦; -^ ¦: Streets. '¦
MADRID, Feb. U.— At a meeting of the
Students' Union last night on the occasion
of a lecture dealing with the anti-clerical
play "Electra," the students stoned the
police. Four policemen, two lieutenants
and two students were slightly hurt;
Twenty-six arrests were made and several
of the persons .In: custody will be court
martialed. It was 2 o'clock this morn
ing'before quiet was restored.
The authorities took extensive measures
to cope with a revival ' of disorder. ¦
At Vallodid yesterday students stoned
the convents and monasteries and. It was
necessary for the gendarmes to • charge
them. They shattered. the windows of the
Jesuit College . with stones and did not
disperse until the rector of the university
personally appealed to them.
"To-day in Vallodid the Francescans who
appeared In the streets were stoned. At
tho 'conclusion of the bull fight there the
gendarmes, charged the crowd which had
stoned the windows of the . tradesmen for
refusing to close their shops. ;,. : .
At Barcelona yesterday* a group of stu
dents .were dispersed by the police.
Windows of Jesuit College Broken
STUDENTS AT MADRID
V ;V STOlfE THE PC/LICE
"His Majesty is' confident that in mak
ing arrangements for the reception of the
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York
the people in Australia will not fail to
recognize the sad circumstances surround
ing the visit."
The court circular announces King Ed
ward's decision that court presentations
during the reign of Queen Victoria will
hold good for the present" reign. This will
remove the great difficulty that would
have been involved In thousands of re
newed presentations.
At the opening of Parliament, which
will be a great pageant, the King will
wear a crimson velvet state robe with ricn
trimmings of ermine. Ladles have per
mission to wear pearls and diamonds.
SYDNEY. N. S. W.. Feb. 10.— Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, in the course of a cable to the
Earl of Hopetoun, Oovernor General of
the commonwealth of Australia, regard-
Ing King Edward's decision as to 'he visit
of the Duke of Cornwall and York, Bays:
"It was the late- Queen's desire tnat the
visit should mark noth the greatness of
the occasion and her appreciation of tht
loyalty, devotion and generous aid of the
colonists . in South Africa, and of the
splendid gallantry of the colonial troops.
"This appreciation is fully shared by the
King, who desires also to signify his
heartfelt gratitude to the colonies for
their warm sympathy with himself and
the royal family in their bereavement.
LONDON. Feb. 11.— The Dally Mall
makes the following statement: A notice
declaring Edward VII a usurper and
Mary IV the rightful Queen was posted
on the gates of St. James Palace and at
the Guild Hall on the night Queen Victo
ria died. It was not signed and no one
saw it posted at either place, but it was
known to have been the work of a mem
ber of the Jacobite League. Probably no
action will be taken, but the incident ex
plains. why the legitimists were not al
lowed to place a wreath upon the statue
of Charles I on January 30.
Circular, Posted by Jacobites
on the Night of the
Queen's Death.
CALLS BRITAIN'S
KING A USURPER
MADRID, Feb. 11.— The banquet given
at the palace last evening by the Queen
Regent in honor of Prince Charles of
Bourbon,- who will wed the Princess of
the Asturias, and of his parents, the
Count and Countess of Caser^a, was an
extremely brilliant affair. On the right
ot the Regent sat the Count of Caserta,
the Infanta Maria Teresa, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, Marquis Agullar de
Capos, the Infanta Eulalie and the Min- ¦
ister of Marine, Vice Admiral Ramos
Izqulerdo. On her left sat Prince Charles
of Bourbon, the Princess of the Astu
rias, the President of the Chamber of
Deputies and the I Princess Immaculata.
The Regent's mother. Archduchess Eliza
beth, sat opposite her, with distinguished
guest3 ; on each side. The Regent's
brother, Archduke Eusene, arrived at
neon and will attend the court ball to
morrow. ¦ '
It is estimated that some forty of the
Cabinet Ministers will be present at the
wedding. It Is now probable that the
bride and bridegroom will not appear in
the streets, but that the function, will be
carried out entirely within the palace
walls. •
Six hundred students have sent an ad
dress to the Minister of Public'Instruc
tion declaring that "considering the mar
riage of the Princess of the Asturias
with the son of one who caused the na
tion so many sorrows to be a national
misfortune and a reason for mourning
instead of rejoicing," they deemed it
their duty not to accept holidays in honor
of the event. • _
Scnor Ugarte, Minister of the Interior,
said In the course of an Interview that
yesterday's troubles were more serious
than those of the preceding days, be
cause political factions had joined with
the students, and , therefore he "had re
solved to adopt vigorous measures of re
pression. ¦ . . • ¦ ,' , ¦
A municipal concert was given In the
City Hall this evening.. The reception
following the concert was S a very bril
liant affair. The Queen Regent and all
the ' members of the royal family were
present. - =' ¦ --^' ''.'•-'>
Opposition to Union of Prince
Charles and Princess of
the Asturias.
ROYAL WEDDING
IS NOT POPULAR
rrrr y ILL : Anthony -' J... Drexel, the
W 1\ / multl-mlllionalre of the great
\Lf\if banking-house of Philadelphia,
V V . follow in *he footsteps of Wil
.-Ham WTaldorf » Astor and be
come a British subject? That Is the ques
tion that Is buzzing about in the circle of
the Four Hundred of the staid old Quaker
City. Gossip says that the glamour of the
court of St. James Is to the banker what
the flame is to the moth, and that he Is
fluttering about In the light that beats
upon a throne in quest of recognition as the
friend of a King and enrollment In the list
of those favored of the nobility. To these
reports the" banker and his family have
entered tierce denial. At> the same time
he has never denied that he took pleasure
In spending' a great deal of time In the
capitals of Europe, especially London. Mr.
and . Mrs. Drexel were always in attend
ance at the receptions : of Queen Victoria,
at such times when they were in London.
They were treated with distinction by Ed
ward when he 'was Prince of Wales. He
was several times a guest of the Drexels
at their London residence. ¦
There will be places of social distinction
i for several Americans In- the court of
King Edward. Queen Victoria was much
given to receiving American families at
the Windsor and Osborne House drawing
room receptions, but she never came Into
such intimate acquaintance with any of
the republic's men and women as has
King Edward VII and his Queen, Alex
andra.- ¦
. The social prestige of Mrs. Paget. who
was Miss Stevens, was admitted in the
reign of Victoria, and • already the news
has come that the Duchess of Marlbor
ough, who was Consuelo Vanderbllt, Is
to be officially one of the new Queen's la
dies. Both of these women have become
British subjects.
Two other Americans who hold a high
place in the esteem of his Majesty are
Mr. and Mrs. Anthony J. Drexel of Phil
adelphia. Mr. and Mrs. Drexel spend
many months every year abroad, and
their children are being educated at Eng
lish schools. In taking up their abode In
London Mr. and Mrs. Drexel did not dis
guise the fact that they were ambitious
to get Into society, and in this they had
the friendship and influence of Mrs. Paget.
The result has been that they have been
every where ' received, and that when the
period of mourning has passed from the
court of St. James, Mr. and Mrs. Drexel
will be prominent guests at royal func
tions. . .::•,-. w
THE BANKER .WHO SEEKS TO BE AMONG THOSE FAVORED
OF THE' NOBILITY OF ENGLAND AS SOCIAL EQUAI AND WHO
ISA FRIEND TO KING EDWARD VII. f
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 10.— C. D. Van Duzer, speak
er dt the .Nevada. Assembly; D. M.
Ryan, Nevada's State Tresaurer. and C.
H. Mclntosh, assistant secretary of the
Nevada Senate,' were on the G o'clock train
from San Francisco tnis evening and they
and Speaker Pendleton, Senator Short
ridge end-other representatives of the Cal
ifornia Legislature spent an; hOur of the
trip; to Sacramento together pleasantly.
•• A joint committee' from the Nevada Leg
islature will visit San Francisco within the
next two weeks to confer with the South
ern Pacific officials. The hope is to r;Qt
b*' such tactics what Nevada has^.falkul
to cet.bv means of legislation. They ask
fbr'a' reduction of passenger rates from 5
to 3 cents per mile and corresponding re
ductions in freight rates. They : will as
sure the railroad officials that unfriendly
legislation need not be. feared and will ask
them' to. refrain In future rrom keeping a
political 'manager • at -'the • sagebrush capl
tai." The committee will consist , of tho
speaker and the chairmen of the Ways
and Means, Judiciary and. Corporations
committees from the Assembly and .tho
president pro tern and two members from
the Senate. •' The visit may be delayed un
til the return from New York of President
Hays. : - •• •
. Dr. Charles W. Decker and Dr. J. L.
Usay of San Francisco arrived to-night to
Iook out , for the I interests t of the- dental
bill. As amended, and with a few. minor
amendments still desired, it is claimed
it meets" the approval of the dental fra
ternity.
Pacific Officials in San Fran
cisco.
Nevada Legislators to Visit Southern
COMING TO « ASK FOR
LOWECB RAILWAY RATES
The place of amusement it plans to visit
first is the Tivoli; for is it not a place of
amusement frequently attended by minors
and is not liquor sold there? After the
legislators have seen enough to be able
to report intelligently, so far as the Tivoli
is concerned, they will go to the Orpheum,
and after the last picture of the blograph
has sputtered itself out at that "place of
amusement." they will go to the Olympia.
By the time the Olympia has been proper
ly investigated the conventional hour for
a trip to Chinatown will have arrived, and
that will be taken under the pretense of
prying Into tho barbarous custom of bind
ing the feet of infants.
The committee does not contemplate any
slumming trip on Barbary Coast for the
present, but opportunity for further mile
age claims may yet -lead it to that. The
members are taking much credit to them
selves for their forbearance in going only
to San Francisco, when by the resolution
they might go to any part of California,
however remote and however little bear
ing its conditions might have on the bills
in question. Their self-restraint is prob
ably due to a conviction that the Ways
and Means Committee would not report
favorably mileage claims for any other
than a San Francisco trip. •
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 10.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Public Morals will leave Sacramen
to on Tuesday on the most remarkable
junketing trip of the session. It ¦•-ill be
taken by authority of a resolution adopt
ed on Friday, by which any Bort ofa-trip
la possible which the members of the
committee regard as essential to an in
telligent report upon the bills relating to
the attendance of minors at places of
amusement where liquors are gold, and
also the bill directed against the Chinese
practice of binding the feet of children.
The "places of amusement", within the
meaning of the bill are evidently Barbary
Coast joints and similar dens of- vice, but
the committee will not bother itself with
any study of conditions among the sub
merged tenth. The Junket is the most
important thing with it and next after
mileage considerations the agreeableness
of the trip to be taken and the sights to
be seen have decided the points In Its
itinerary.
The committee, according to present
plans, will leave here at noon on Tuesday
and Chairman Webber will meet the other
members in San Francisco after the close
of the afternoon session of the Police In
vestigation Committee, ot whicn he is a
member. . - _,
Committee's Trip to San
Francisco.
Object of the Assembly Public Morals
ported on the Code of Civil Procedure and.
the Civil Code, but neither has been
reached on the flle. The bill revising tho
Code of Civil Procedure will be taken up
In the Senate on "Wednesday.
MOST EXTBAORDINARY
JUNKET ON REC0B.D
y^=^7 ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
(( Z MENTO. Feb. 10.— It is not often
IL j that twice in a week the country
members hii.ve a chance to see San
Francisco squirming on the legis
lative griddle. The oiennlal pastime is
generally confined to once in- a session,
but on Tuesday tast and again on Friday
the toasting fork, was driven through the
city's wifih.>ox.e, and it was held up, wrig
gling, for the edification of the State. The
occasion was the consideration of the
health bills that have emanated from the
office of the Governor.
On Tuesday night a delegation from San
Francisco appeared before the ) health
committees of the Senate and Assembly.-
Those who spoke were listened to and
questioned, and from the manner of the
legislators one would have been willing
to deny that the course of the bills was
a foregone conclusion, and that the city
delegation might Just as well have re
mained at home. The 5100.000 appropria
tion bill, designed to ampliry the funda
at the Governor's disposal* had already
passed the Assembly with an ease pecu
liar to measures which cinch the city, and
the day after the city delegation had
made its plea the bill was taken up by
the Senate Committe on Health and with
in two minutes a decision to report It fa
vorably, with the additional recommenda
tion that it be referred to the Finance
Committee, had been reached. Two. of
those who voted for it, Bettman and Nel
son, are of the city delegation.
Practically the feame delegation appeared
on Friday night before the Judiciary Com
mittee of the Assembly to protest against
two more bills of the same series. There
are some San Francisco men on the .com
mittee, but they all belong to the same
influence that is behind the bills, and
there is no guarantee that the Assembly
committee will not follow the lead of the
Senate committee. ...
City Assemblymen Are' Silent.
It is the proper thing, of course, to ">
pear before a 4egislative committee . ..d
protest against objectionable legislation,
but in the city's case the delegation might
Just as well have stayed away. When
the Legislature can draw blood from the
State's metropolis it Is a time for rejoic
ing, but when it can do that and at the
same time win a smile from the Governor
it is good cause for a general Jubilee.
Tfcat is what is happening now. and
through it all, out of the eighteen Assem
blymen and the nine Senators from San
Francisco there ia not one to raise his
voice in support of the visiting delega
tions.
The three measures of the Governor
have been thrown into the Legislature
like a gauntlet into the lists. Gage believes
he has the men to pass them, and he is
going to make the attempt. He has forty
two votes in the Assembly and the claim
is made that twenty-four more wait in
the Senate, with a possible thirty to guard
against absentees, junkets and weak
knees. The bills 'are filled with those
generalities that bring them within the
words of the Constitution, but carry noth
ing of its spirit.
In 1SS3 JoO.OOO was appropriated by the
State to keep vagrant bacilli of cholera,
then knocking at the door of New York,
from crossing the State line. From then
until last year $13,000 was spent In vari
ous ways, and then the annual expendi
ture jumped from $2100 to $9000. There is
still $28,000 of the $50,000 left, and the nat
ural demand for the reason this should
bo increased to $12S,000 is still unanswered.
That $100,000 bill will meet a warm re
ception in the Senate, but unless there Is
a general snapping of bonds and breaking
of shackles it will pass, and if ink holds
out it will be signed.
Before the Assembly Judiciary Commit
tee on Friday night, doctors were plied
with legal questions, and lawyers were
required to discuss' anatomy. Each gen
tleman who spoke was personally thanked
by the chairman with the mock sincerity
of a parent addressing a child. The
speakers said they wished to take up as
little time as possible, and they were
told that they committee's time was all
theirs, but with an inflection suggesting
that it was expected most of It would be
returned in good condition and unused.
The country members not under *the
gubernatorial spell, believe it is a good
thing for the State to look after the city's
health, and they lay aside their appre
hension over the possible passage of the
meadow lark bill long enough to hit the
city with the legal club which fortune has
placed In their hands.
Fight Over Franchise Bill.
To-morrow the Broughton franchise bill,
now in the Senate, will come out of com
mittee, the report depending upon the
vote, of Ashe. The Committee on Munici
pal Corporations is composed of Taylor
(chairman). Shortridge, Caldwell, Smith
of Los Angeles. Devlin, Tyrrell of San
Francisco and Ashe. As the committee
Is lined up now it is three to three. Short
ridge, Devnn and Tyrrell on one side, and
Smith, Caldwell and Taylor on the other,
with Ashe yet to vote. When the bill was
taken up last week, Ashe was away and
there was an attempt to take a vote Upon
it, or upon the amendments offered, which
make thq real question to be solved. The
two amendments under discussion knock
out the clause allowing bidders to bid
against the highest sealed bid after it
has been opened, and provide for the
granting of franchises upon petition of
owners of a certain percentage of the
property fronting on the proposed way,
without advertising or inviting competi
tion.
The proponents of the amendments
seem not to be active in their support, and
their expectations are not. the most rose
ate.- They. arrived late and found senti
ment crystallized. The. bill, had'; been
thrashed out in the Assembly;*:and'bolh
the amendments now proposed were al
lowed to be passed by. There was no
fight made for them, and the Impression
then given was that neither was consid
ered of first importance. What caused
the revulsion of feeling when ' the bill
reached the Senate Is a matter for specu
lation, answered by people from the south
with the explanation that the traction
company, believing It had control of the
City Council of Los Angeles, thought-it
could get what it wanted anyway, bill or
no bill, and, meeting unexpected failure
in that direction, hurried to Sacramento:
to have the bill amended with provisions
favorable to Itself. Should either of the
proposed amendments be adopted' by the
Senate, there is no doubt that the" bill'
will be hung up In the Assembly; and,'
In the absence of Joint "rules, this will
kill it. The traction people eay . they
don't care; that : they -would rather see
the bill dead than" passed without the
amendments. While that may be true,;
so far as the company is concerned, It
does not apply to the. Senate. It Is under-;
stood that several of the Senators who
are in favor of the amendments will vote
for the bill anyway, even should • ' the
amendments fail, and in that case there
is little doubt of its passage.
Apportionment Problems.
'Apportionment, the enly other piece, of
legislation that is attracting more than
passing interest. Is turning on the three
Assemblymen from Sacramento. Not that
any of the surrounding counties care par
ticularly how many Assemblymen com©
fro- cramento, but they figure it is
be ake Sacramento fight, and there
by the danger to themselves. ;
I 'ved by many that Sacramento
has he victim of its friends, and
that -..<_ of the Assemblymen has been
taken from it in order to raise a row.
Then, In the general confusion, it may bV
that the whole or a good part of the ap
portionment scheme may fall through.
The scheme to take an Assemblyman from 1
Sacramento came from the apiJortlonment
committee and was dropped. into Cutter's
bill as a committee amendment. Had the
rule regarding unlimited free conferences
been adoDted the bill might have been
hung up between the two houses In free
conference committee after free confer
ence committee, but under existing cir
cumstances that Is imoosslble. : i
The session Is half over, and bo far there
has not been one important piece of legis
lation. Both houses have refused to work
on Saturdays, and both have endangered
their quorums until authors of important
measures prefer to let them go to the foot
of the fl!e rather than stand a vote that
must be practically unanimous. Itihas
been the greatest Legislature for Junket-J
that has been seen In a long time,- and tho
effect of It all will be to cause a rush
toward the close.
The code bills have not been touched in
either house. The committees have re-
It was in August, 1SS3, that Mrs. May
brick, who came of a good Alabama fam
ily, was found guilty of poisoning her
husband by means of arsenic. It was
shown that Mr. Maybrick had been in the
habit of taking arsenic for threee or four
years -previous to his death, and physi
cians pronounced his death as due rather
to Inflammation of the stomach than
poisoning. Mrs. Maybrick's purchase of
arsenicated fly-paper was explained on
the ground that she used arsenic in the
preparation of face washes.
Shortly after the conclusion of the
trial, which resulted in Mrs. Maybrick
being condemned to death, a sentence af *-
terward commuted to imprisonment fJr
life, Mr. Justice Stephens, who, far from
preserving the impartiality required of
an English Judge, had practically taken
up the charge for the prosecution in Hi*
charge, went insane, and it has been ar
gued that his conduct of the trial betray
ed evidence of failing Intellect.
Should the royal prerogative of pardon
now be exercised in Mrs. Maybrick's fa
vor, as indicated by the foregoing dis
patch, it will not be so much a
recognition of a miscarriage of Jus
tice as a recognition of the ef
forts which have been made in Mrs. May
brick's behalf by the United States Gov
ernment. It is generally understood that
President McKinley and Mr. Hay.
throueh Embassador .Choate. have asked
the English Government for the pardon
and release of Mrs. Maybrick without ref
erence to the question of her- guilt or
Innocence as an act of international
comity. .- . ;-.
Since the discovery last year of a
posthumous letter from Lord Russell of
jvillowen to Mrs. Maybrick. written in
18U5, and showing conclusively that that
eminent lawyer was convinced that his
client ought never to have been convict
ed, partisans of the prisoner of Ayles
bury have been spurred to fresh efTorta
in her behalf, and their hopes have
crown with the advent of a new regime
in England.
CHICAGO. Feb. 10.— Tha Record will
publish this dispatch to-morrow, dated
London: A well-authenticated report is
current to-night to the effect that Mrs.
Florence T. Maybrick will be released
from Aylesbury prison to-morrow. At the
United States embassy nothing: is known
about the matter, and Embassador Choate,
•when seen to-night, declined to deny or
confirm the rumor. Ever since Charles
Thomson Ritchie, the new Home Secre
tary, came into otnee, In November, ef
forts to secure the release of Mrs. May
brick have been particularly active, and
have continued to within a few days.
The personal efforts of EmbassadDr
i_i»oate, alhough informal, have been un
ceasing. When Airs. Maybrick was allow
ed the privilege of seeing her New York
lawyer, Clarke Bell, last summer, he tojd
a correspondent that the chances for his
client's release were more favorable than
they had. ever been before.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
From London Comes Report
That the Prisoner Will
B* Freed To-Day.
MRS. MAYBRICK
TO BE RELEASED
The Edmund is of 2314 tons re -ster. next
to the largest sailing vessel listed as on
the way to the Pacific Coast. When she
was purchased by her present owners ah- 1
tost 675,000 marks, or about $162 000.
The ehio will take on water and stores
here, and the tup a fresh supply of water
and stores as well as coal. Caotain Mc-
Coy expects to make San Francisco in
three or four days after leaving here.
Captain McCoy and his crew are of the
opinion that had the vessel bee.i left
much longer on the beach the sea would
have piled a dike of rocks and sand
around her which could not have been re
moved. The crew worked nierht and day
from the time the tug reached the ship
until phe was floated.
On the 16th of January the Edmund wa3
floated and a. diver was sent down to get
her hull into shape. He had two holes to
repair and innumerable plugs to drive into
the rivet holes, until finally the incoming
water could be kept down with one pump.
Ballast was taken on to tne amount of
3500 tons, and on the 2d she started north
In tow of the tug. On the trip up strong
head winds were encountered, and there
was not a mile of the way that the haw
ser was not under strain.
When the tuc arrived the ship was full
of water. The powerful pumps which the
iup had taken down were rigped and the
w;iter was pumped out. so that the bal
last could be removed. During the time
the ballast was being removed there were
several days when it was found toecesarv
to permit the water to run back into the
hull, so that the ship might not be racked,
to pieces by the wind and waves. Thus
the vessel had to be pumped out nine dif
ferent times.
The Edmund, which formerly was the
British ship William Tell, built t.t Lelth,
Fcotland, had come to Santa Rosalia with
.VM tons of coke. After discharging- her
oargo of coke the sh:D took on ballast
and started for Portland, Oreeon. The
wind was liglu and the currents strong,
and the result was that the vessel landed
up against the bar at the south of the
harbor, where she stuck hard and fast.
BAN* DIEGO, Feb. 10.— The German ship
Edmund, Captain Gcrdau, arrived In San
DSego at noon in tow of the ship-wrecking
tug- Luckenbach. Captain McCoy, c ghx.
days from Santa Rosalia. Lower Cal:
fomia, where she went ashore about two
months ago and was almost given, up for
lost. The tug was employed by the in
surance companies to see what could be
done with the Kdmund, end, with a pow
erful wrecking apparatus, the tug went
south, stopping here for coal on tlie way,
and arrived at Santa Koealia on the 2-lIi
of December.
Sr^lal Dl5patch to The Call.
Vessel That Had Been Given Up as
Lost Puts Into San Diego
on Her Way to San
Francisco.
Hauls the Edmund Off the
Beach at Santa
I\ uiiul lcl.
WRECKING TUG
SAVES A SHIP
Special Dispatch to The Call,
¦¦-•¦-
San Francisco Assemblymen Lend No Aid to the
City's Protesting Commercial Bodies.
GOVERNOR IS DETERMINED
HEALTH BILLS SHALL PASS
ESCAPES DEATH
IN A TORRENT
First Vice President Morton
of the Santa Fe Has
Close Call.
Loses His Dress-Suit Case and His
j Wife's Camera Whila Fording a
Stream in San IWego
County.
Special rMspatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 10.-Hlgh waters, due
to t*e recent heavy rains, came near
caushp the death of a prominent railroad
man l»st night. In company with his wife
and Xltss Howard of Chicago. First Vice
President Paul Morton of the Santa ye
had bec-ij the guest of E. S. Babcock. the
proprietor of the Coronado Hotel, at hta
country place at Otay. Ths gentlemen
had been putting in a few day3 hunting,
but decldfi to spend Sundfty at the hotel
and started in a carriage to drive to San
Diego. - *
The rec«n- rains have turned all of the
dry sandbed* of the streams Into rushing
rivers, and thus the party found Chollaa
Valley when they reached It. The stream
looked hardly fordable. but as there was
no other way home they decided to try
it. They had crossed almost to this side
when they fourd a hole in the bed of th*
stream, and sis the carriage sank below
the water everything in it floated off ex
cept its human occupants and the shot
guns of the hunters*. A vigorous applica
tion of tne whip brought the carriaw and
its party through in safety, though the
strong current swmed to be fighting fJf
the mastery. A3 it was. the first vice
president'* dress-suit case and Mrs. Mor
ton's camera went to join the debris of
the storm out on the Pacific Ocean.
WHEAT SHORTAGE IN
EASTEE1T -WASHXUGTOIT
Mills May Have to Close Until ths
Harvesting of th« New
Crop.
TACOMA. Feb. 10.— Reports from East
ern Washington grain districts show that
the warehouses there now contain the
smallest amount of wheat they have ever
held at thl3 season. Last fall they con
tained the entire crop of 19C0, besides con
siderable grain left over from the previous
two years. Ninety per cent of this total
has now been shipped.
Millers of interior towns have not fully
realized that a shortage existed unti> the
last few days. It is apparent that many
of them must close their mills before tho
new crop is harvested. Wheat is now
bringing 1 40 cents a bushel, with but few
sales. A rush to sell Is expected before
March 1, as the farmers will have to pay
taxes on all wheat then held.
Present a Greek Symposium.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. The students of
the Universal Brotherhood organization
at Point Loma gave a public entertain
ment last evening at the Fisher Opera
house, which was attended by a largo
audience. The principal portion of the en
tertainment was the Greek symposium
"The Wisdom of Hypatia." In which tho
members of the organization took part.
A series of tableaus and sinarin? plays by
the children of the Lotus School preceded
the symposium.
Chemist Ends His Life.
MUNICH, Feb. 10.— Professor von Max
Pettlnkofer, the distinguished German
chemist, committed suicide to-day by
shooting himself during a fit of depres
slon. .
Yet Banker Drexel of Philadelphia Yearns for the
Glamour of the Court of St. James.
DENIES HE WILL BECOME
A SUBJECT OF BRITAIN
The authorities say the shoes of two of
the men under arrest fit exactly the tracks
in the snow. ¦ .-¦
They carried ,the safe a distance of
about two blocks and then loaded it into
a wagon which toad been left there in
waiting. The wagon was driven about a
mile and a half out into the country and
there the safe was forced open and the
contents abstracted. 'The men there aban
doned the safe and went their way on a
new track. . It was not difficult to trace
them, however,- and this morning three ar
rests were made, v .
Thero was great excitement and no time
was lost in spreading the alarm. City
Marshal Ferrall hastily assembled a
posse. Snow lay deep on the ground and
it did not take long to discover the tracks
of two persons who • evidently had been
carrying some heavy object directly from
the truck as it stood on tho depot plat
form. .
The Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul
train, on which the s^e was taken from
Sioux City, arrived at Manila at 8:05 p. m.
Saturday. The Omaha train was late and
Jame3 Sturtevant of Sioux City, the ex
press messenger, did not hurry in unload
ing the goods. and packages from his car.
The express safe, with other articles, was
placed on a truck on the depot platform
and then Sturtevant and the baggageman
went to the other end of the platform to
get another truckload. When Sturtevant
returned he noticed that the arlcles on tho
truck were disarranged and a glance
showed that the iron box was gone.
While the robbery undoubtedly was de
liberately planned, as the horse and wag
on were in waiting at a convenient spot,
it is not believed that the men. knew they
were making so rich a haul. They had
no means of knowing the contents of the
safe, only that it was used in carrying
valuables.
The stolen safe contained in the neigh
borhood of $40,000. Two thousand dollars
was in cash and the remainder in drafts,
checks and various valuables, j -
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Feb. 10.— Three men
believed to have been implicated in the
theft last night at. Manila, Iowa, of a
United States • Express.' Company's safe,
said to contain $40,000,' were arrested at
that place this morning. They were
traced by their tracks in the snow. The
men are John Jackson, John Stovall arid
Charles Hayes. AH live at Manila and
are well known. Their reputations here
tofore have not been bad. They stoutly
protested their innocence. Mrs. Jackson,
wife of John Jackson, was also arrested,
but at a preliminary hearing she was re
leased. The three men are in Jail, having
been unable to furnish bonds fixed at $12,
000 each.
None of the money or valuables has
been recovered. .¦ . . ¦ >
Three Men Are Under
Arrest for. Robbery at
Manila, Iowa.
BEHIND THE BARS
FOR STEALING SAFE
¦-SEATTLE, Feb. 10.— Eleven duck
hunters of. Ballard had a narrow escape
from death? in tho cold waters of Puget
Sound this .: morning:, when the steam
launch W.',F.,.caryingr the party, was run
down and put in a- sinking condition by
the steamer Dode. The. collision occurrod
off. Lighthouse Polnti beyond the entrance
to" ShilsholeBay.at 5 o'clock, and dark
ness added to the confusion and the diffi
culty of rescue..
Two of the. duck-hunters, Chris Kagelln
and'Dean Plant, both Ballard men, had a
desperate fight' for .life.-. The nine others
of the v party..- managed to .cling to . the
launch until taken aboard the steamer.
Kagelln and Plant, believing the launch
was sinking- and unable in the darkness
t6 see the efforts made by the officers and
crew of the -Dode > to rescue -all hands,
struck out for shore; about two miles dis
tant. Thcywere ln;the"water fully half
an hour, and'Kaeelln, the better swim
mer, 1 ' when picked -.up finally by "\ small
; boat from the Dode, (3 said to have been
scarcely more than a mile from shore.
-.The whole party, was costumed for duck
hunting, tn heavy duck clothing and hip
rubber boots. They started in the \V. F.
from Ballard at 4 o'clock. Off Lighthouse
Point they saw the lights of the approach
ing steamer. -¦¦. There was an interchange
of signals, but, through a misunderstand
ing, the helmsman of the launch threw
her directly across the bows of the Dode.
The cutwater of -the steamer, which was
running 1 .- at full speed, struck theW.-K.'
Just abaft the starboard bow. tearing a
Kreat hole both below and above the water
line. The occupants of the launch were
thrown into tho water, and the launch
itself bepan to fill. In the ¦ confusion of
yells and -orders on board, the Dode ths
unfortunate hunters did not know what
to expect. Kagelin and Plant struck out
for shore. The steamer, quickly put about
and got a line to, the !aunch. A boat was
then ' lowered, •.and. after gTeat difficulty
In chasing the swimmers, the whole party
was got safely , aboard. The sinking
launch was towed inshore and beached <u
Lighthouse ' Point. . • I : - ¦:
Other members . of :he hunting party
were Walter Sanborn, Geprge Pursell.
William Jackson; Henry Anderson- and
five others, all of Ball.ird. ¦ . •. ¦¦¦•*-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Struggle for a Full" Half Hour in
; Tlieir Heavy Clothing ¦ ' Before
4 .They Are Picked "Up By -
:.l './', •¦'•. V. Rescuers. . •
Try to Rtach Shore Whtn
Steamer Runs Into Their
Launch.
HUNTERS' LONG
SWIM FOR LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11; 1901.
Take Laxative Rromo ; Quinine 'Tablets. -All
drucKiata refund the money If It fails to cure
E. • XV. . drove's signature Is on each box. 25c •
2
BADWAI'S RKASX KELlKJf has rtoart
unrivaled beforw the public for 60 years aa «
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and auicklv
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influania? bS«
chitis. Pneumonia. RheonuUs^ N^rjj£2~
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internals
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All draSS^
Catarrh, Deafness,
iliv '^8359^"^ Throat
ting
Diseases Positively Cored by
Dfi. C0TTIN6HAM'S£ e e?hod
Regular sraduate and expert on EAR. NOSE.
THROAT and Ll'XO DISEASES.
264 Sutler Street, N W Cor. of Keamy
Hoars, 9-12 a. m. : 1-3 and 7-3 p. m.
rnrr AN hoxest trial of one
rKHc' VVEEK tfven to -show tha su-
a mj*j perlor mer it of tho treatment-
3000 test cases, 95 per cent cured. Call at
onca or write for free treatment.
®VI,Vf f VIGOR, VITALITY for MLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PtLXS
tav» been in cs« over fifty
years by th* leaders of th*
Mormon Church anc> their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th*
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abase, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoklnc Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Fower,- Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains la Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, fm f^ Varlcocela or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *-^ g M rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects Z^Ji^a r • Immediate.
Impart Tl*or and ****«**» potency to every
function. Don't set despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates th* brain and nerve centers: SOo a
box; 6 for J! 50 by mall. A written ruarante* to
euro or money refunded with « boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUtv
rt., San Francisco. Cat. GRANT DRUG CO..
US and 40 Third st.
Damiana Bitters
t£1« f£ a \* wonderful^aphrwilslac and Special
T $£ m } e S « xua > Orsans. for both .exes.
Th« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of theKW-
w A ? ER > ALFS * BRUXE. Agents,
m Market St.. 8. F.-(Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
To Prevent the Grip
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes the cause. •
fvisrr OR- JORDAN'S <uicat#
Shuseuh of anatomy?
f 9 i:amanigg.»t.fci«tt.&T.ca. 4
\ XJf TbaLarratAaatoBiealMasaaaiBtb* \
0 Wntd. Vi tikaet m» ot *ny contract** 4
1 Sg 33} dl*SM« pr«ltt«*l 7 •¦rod by tho olaitt Y
$ flfgR^I OR. «SOAS-PRI>ATS DISEASES*
\ f 6&CT& Coaicltstlco ft«« tnd strictly prWita. \
J I Wfif fl Transient ptnoiully or b» lstier. A A
\ 8 UT Sift ******* CW«lae»erjc»io«adCTt«Ji«a. T
B f if ll# *«*»«¦» Bo«k.MMa,©««»»«r««A
w » (I W ¦aaauae, mailso kss. ur
eA Uf ' »alu»b!e book fc* mca) * \
DE JORB4S4 C«.. 1051 Market St. .a F T
frfelERCE'S
jU^ FAVORITE
pSCEIPTIOM
H FOR WEAK WOiVBEM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.INDIANS DEFEATED
' BY MEXICAN" TBOOPS
Many of the B^ed Men "Would Like to
Be B*leased From Tyranny of
Their Chiefs.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 10.— The Federal
troops in Yucatan have had another bat
tle with rebel Indians, who were strongly
intrenched, but tho Indians were unable
to withstand the charge, on their position
and fled In all directions. Many of the In
dians would like to be released from the
tyranny of chiefs who inflict the death
penalty and torture and commit many
barbarities to Infuse terror Into their ad
herents.
Not Beneficial to Animals.
HONOLULU, Feb. 10,-Captaln Slaker,
quartermaster in charge of army work in
Honolulu, has made a report to Colonel
Long at San Francisco against the stop
ping of stock transports to give the ani
mals a rest in Honolulu. The captain
thinks that the animals do not derive any
appreciable benefit from the rest here, and
that the .time and expense of putting
them ashore might as well be saved. Tho
cost of having the last vessel, the Kin
tuck, stop here was about $5000.
DTTKE OF MANCHESTEB
OBJECTS TO NICKNAMES
Says His Wife Does Not Call Him
Gracey or Billy and Announces
Real Name.
DENVER, Feb. 10.— "I wish people
would stop calling me nicknames." said
the Duke of Manchester to-night. "My
wife does not call me Gracey, or Billy
either. My friends call me 'Kim,' which
is short for Kimbolton Castle, one of my
places, a sort of nickname. My Christian
names are Williams-Angus Drogo, and
Montague Is the family name. That story
about *ny wife calling me 'Gracey' conies
from the days when I was a reporter on
a New York paper. The New York re
porters showed remarkable inventive tal
ent in getting up nicknames for me. They
called me 'Your Grace" and 'Gracey,'
'your Royal Highness,' 'your Joblots.'
'Duke Billy,' 'Monty,' 'my Lord,' 'your
Highness,' 'Mr. Montagu.' 'his Jags,'
'Manch.' 'your Serene Highness,' and
about a dozen other names of the same
sort. I was on the pay roll as Manches
ter. I wish people would call me that."
The subject of names was brought up by
a question put to Eugene Zimmerman, the
Duke's millionaire father-in-law. When
asked last night what the Duke's first
name was, Mr. Zimmerman scratched his
head, looked puzzled and said "Damflno.
I'll ask him to-morrow."
.The ducal party left for Cincinnati last
night. Lord Lambert has the grippe.
Opposes Increased Duties.
BERLIN, Feb.. 10.— The Voerwaftrts. th«
leading Socialist organ, prints an appeal
from the Socialist members of the Reich
stag to the working classes in Germany
against the proposal to increase the duties
on cereals. A mlllton copies of the appeal
have been distributed throughout the
country. Its author claims that an In
crease in the duties is contemplated not
only in the case of cereals, but also In all
agricultural products.
ROME, Feb. 10.— According to the tews*
papers of Rome Slgnor Guiseppe Zanar
delll has been definitely charged by Klngr
Victor Emmanuel to form a Ministry to
succeed the Sarracco Cabinet. It is In
timated that Giovanni Gioletti. Glulio
Frinetti. Alessandro Fftrtis, Count Fran
cesco Guicciardlnl and Marquis Raffele
Cappelll will hold portfolios and that Gio
letti will be the actual Premier, although
he is said to have been selected for the
office of Minister of the Interior.
To Educate Southerners.
NEw YORK, Feb. 10.— The Armstrong
Association of New York, which haa for
Us purpose the fostering of education
In the South and the advancement of
Hampton Institute, Hampton, Va., this
evening held services in the Central Pres
byterian Church, when pleas for the edu
cation of the ignorant whites, blacks and
Indians of the South were made. The
speakers were Dr. Charles Mclvor. presi
dent of the North Carolina State Normal
School; Booker T. "Washington, president
of the Tuskogee Institute: Rev. Lyman
"Ward, president of the Industrial School
for Whites of Camphllls. Ala., and If. B.
Grlssell. principal of Hamilton Institute.
Daniel C. Gilman. president of the Johns
Hopkins University of Baltimore, pre
sided.
Giovanni Gioletti, Although Selected
for Minister of Interior, to
Be Premier.
ZANABDELLI TO FORM
NETW ITALIAN" IHNISTRY
ROME. Feb. 11. — A painful Impression
has been made by the report that the
tombs of Kinc Victor Emmanuel II and
King Humbert have been profaned by
thieves, who entered the Pantheon and
carried away a number of ornaments, one
of them gold, adorning the Madonnas,
together with the fac-almlles of the va
rious orders of the Iron Crown and a
badge of the Annonciado. Other objects
were taken, though not of great value.
Thieves Enter the Pantheon and
Carry Away Adornments of
the Madonnas.
OBNAMENTS STOLEN
FEOM TOMB OP HXTliLBEET
NEW TORK. Feb. lO.-Dr. George il.
Barney of Brooklyn, formerly president
of the Long Island Medical Society. Is
th« discoverer of an alleged new cure for
consumption. He claims 90 per cent of
recoveries under his system. Improve
ment is supposed to be brought about
and felt by the patient within the period,
of one week. The doctor is quoted as fol
lows: •..;,: -v*
"My treatment consists of Introducing
into the system a chemical or combination
of chemicals. This combination thorough
ly saturates the system and by reason of
its irresistible power, destroys the bacilli
without Injuring the tissue cells. It Is
administered in three ways, through the
mouth, hypodermically and In vapor form.
When the vapor Is used, the patient In
hales from three to fifteen minutes while
seated In a specially equipped steel cabi
net. Personally. I prefer the vapor, aa
It goes deep Into the lungs and reaches
the diseased parts. To effect a cure re
quires all the- way from twelve to sixteen
weeks of treatment, according to the re
sistance of the disease and the recuperat
ing physical condition of the patient."
Treatment Consists of Introducing
a Combination of Chemicals
Which Destroys the Bacilli
Into the System. ; *
Dr. Barney of Brooklyn
Claims to Havt Saved
Many Patients.
NEW TORK, Feb. 10.— William A. Eddy,
at Bayonne, N. J M to-day completed In a
measure his tests of the reflecting power
of mirror sunflashes as compared with
eunlit and cloud-shaded snow. As a resu ¦
of to-day's experiments Mr. Eddy foun
that mirror sunflashes were about fourteen
times as bright as cloud-shaded snow and
eight times as bright as sunlit snow. Pre
vious experiments showed that sunlit
snow was only about twice as bright as
snow shadowed- by clouds of ordinary
density. Mr. Eddy considers these experi
ments important in that they bear upon
the visibility of army signals from snow
capped mountain peaks.
The test of the relative lighting powers
was made by taking a sixteen candle
powec oil lamp held close to a sheet of
paper, the center of which had been made
semi-transparent by oil. The test was to
see how near or far the lamp had to be
held to the paper before its yellow glare
was effaced by the white glare caused by
the sunlit snow outside.
Mr. Eddy thinks from these experiments
that it Is highly probable that the light
flash said to have been seen from Mars at
Flagstaff. Ariz., could have resulted from
the sudden lighting up with sunrays of
snow which had been previously cloud
shadowed.
He calculated that, supposing the Mar
tians to be using mirrors to reflect the
light. It would be a stupendous undertak
ing to effect the result described. It
would require mirrors, he calculated, cov
ering more. than 100 square miles to po
duce the shaft of light.
Light Said to Have Been Seen From
Mars Probably Result of Sud
den Lighting TJp of
Snow.
William A. Eddy Announces
Result of His Experi
ments.
RELATIVE POWER
OF SUNFLASHES
HAS NEW CURE
FOB CONSUMPTION
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARllIVED.
Sundar. Februay 10.
Br ttmr RcyaJiit. Tleroey, 6 days from Co
rr.- x. vli. Cbemalnui 69 hours.
Bark 'Andrew Welsh, Drew. 19 days from
Honolulu.
New British Mint.
The establishment 'of a mint in Canada
will make the fourth branch of the British
mint In : operation outside London. : . The
other three are located in Australia, In
Melbourne. Sydney and Perth, respective
ly. , Tha. value, of the gold .coin . output
from. these four mints during 1899 was as
follows: The royal mint. London, $42,601,
555; Melbourne. $23,138,835; Sydney, $16,620,
0C0; Perth; $3,458,530. T Chicago, Tribune.
Floods Feared in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Feb. 10. — "Wet weather con
tinues throughout Arizona. Snow Is fall-
Ing In Northern Arizona to greater
depths than ever was • known there be
fore . and there has been a gentle but
steady rain over the central and southern
parts of the Territory. All stream3 are
swollen and conditions are similar to
those preceding the great floods ten years
ago.
Ships Japanese Crew.
HONOLULU, Feb. 2.— The Norwegian
bark Prince Albert left here to-day for
the sound with a Japanese crew. Her
master. Captain Cappelen. refused to take
union men or white men outside the union
at the wages ruling here. It Is feared that
he will have a troublesome journey with
the inexperienced Japanese in his fore
castle.
CITY GOLFERS AHEAD
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
Foursome Between Oakland and San
Francisco Experts Results in a
Close Contest.
The brilliant sky and calm atmosphere
yesterday attracted many golfers out to
the Presidio links. Owing to the recent
.heavy rains the course and putting greens
were somewhat slow, bo that there was
but little roll to the ball. The most Inter
esting game was a two-ball foursome be
tween B. b. Adamson, amateur, and Rob
ert Johnstone, professional, representing
the San Francisco Golf Club, and W. P.
Johnson, amateur, and Horace Rawlins,"
professional, representing the Oakland
Golf Club. It was the first half of a
home-and-home -match, over seventy-two
holes. The first thirty-six holes* were
played yesterday, eighteen in the morning
and eighteen In the afternoon. After a
close strupKle the San Francisco men won,
two up. The lemaining thirty-six holes
will be played next Sunday on the Point
Adams links. The professionals hardly
did themselves justice, appearing to be
somewhat nervous.
Several practice matches were " played
during the day. C. F. Mullins beat J. S.
Severance two up; H. C. Golcher beat C.
E. Oliver four up on thirty-six holes; L.
O. Kellogg beat Hugh Tevis one up on
nine holes.
A foursome between J. H. Mee and II.'
Blackman on one side and Leonard-Chen
ery and Worthington Ames on the other
ended In favor of the former couple, two
up. . Charles Page, H. B. Goodwin, P. G.
Gow and several others played practice
games. ~ ,
This morning at 9:30 there will be a driv
ing contest among the ladies. The four
some between Mrs. R. G. Brown and Rob
ert Johnstone of the San Francisco Golf
Club and Mrs. H. H. Sherwood and Hor
ace Rawlins of the Oakland Golf Club,
that -was to have been played to-morrow
on the Point Adams links, has been post
porfed.
The" arrangements for the. home-and
home, tournament, over thirty-six holes,
between teams of ten men of Class B of
the San Francisco and Oakland golf clubs
are nearly complete, and the list of play
ers will be exchanged In a few days. - •
BRITISH NATIONAL HYMN.
and Amended by Dean. Hole.
Originally 'Written by Dr. John Bull
The national anthem, which Is changed,
and a severe wrench it is from "God Save
the Queen" to the same Invocation, on be
half of the King, was written by no one
knows exactly whom, although It Is cred
ited to a certain Dr. John Bull—appropri
ate name— who lived in the early part of
the eighteenth century. Its first printed
form, of date 1742, commences:
God save our Lord the King!
Long live our noble King',
God save the King!
But a few years later it appeared as:
• God save Great George, our King!
Long live our noble King!
God save the King!
According to the New York Tribune, the
poet Longfellow wrote a new stanza,
which. Indeed, reads prettily:-
Ixird, let war's tempests cease,'
Fold the whole world in peace
Under Thy Wings.
Make all the nations one.
All hearts beneath the sun.
Till Thou Shalt reign alone.
Great King ot Kings'
This verse, however, did not stick.
Neither did Dean Hole's amendment,
which was to supplant the words "con
found their politics, frustrate their knav
ish tricks," which was framed thus: g
Keep : us from plague and dearth,
Turn thou our woes to mirth,
And over nil the earth
Let there be peace! ,,
The people are too much attached to the
old form.. The New .York Tribune asks
why not revive the "God -Save the King"
that was used when Edward VI came to
the throne. \ That version begins In this
way: - ¦ -
King Edward, Kins Edward, :
God save King Edward,
King Edward the Sixth!
But It is difficult to see how these words
could be forced to fit the tune. — Toronto
Mall and Express. :
MUCH OPPOSITION"
TO WOOD'S PROMOTION
Entire Army and. Many Members of
Military Committee Arrayed
Against the President*
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10.— *- resident Mc-
Kinley has the entire reeular army and
nearly all the members of the JMllltary
Committee of the Senate arrayed against
him on the nomination of Brigadier Gen
eral Leonard Wood, of volunteers, to be
a brlradler general In the regular army.
There Is also opposition to the.nomina
tion of Generals F. D. Grant and J. Frank
lin Bell. The strongest -objection is to
the seniority given to General Wood,
•whose rank In the regular army Is that of
captain, and who Is placed above many
Lher officers, including three brigadier
generals, and put In line to grasp the high
est prize In the service, held by Scott,
Grant. Sherman and Sheridan, and hold it
longer than any of them.
ASPHALT SYNDICATE. TO
SEND MEN TO VENEZUELA
NKVV YORK, Feb. 10.— The Journal and
Advertiser to-morrow will say: The as
phalt combination has made an offer to
Captain Napoleon B. Broward of Jack
sonville, Kla~, to charter the famous fili
bustering steamer Three Friends, -which
be owns, and two other boats. It Is plain
that the asphalt combination Is about to
rend a force of men to Venezuela for
the purpose of protecting: Its Interests at
the asphalt plain known as La Fellctdad.
It Is said that the forces of the asphalt
combination will be In charge of Captain
Malcolm Rafferty. formerly of the Sev
enty-first Regiment, who was at the bat
tle of San Juan In Cuba.
Forged Bailroad Transportation.
KNOXVILLE. Tcnn., Feb. 10.— B. H.
Pierce, said to be known also as J. F.
Freeman, wa* arrested here under direc
tion of a circular of the Western Passen
ger Association on the charge of forging
an order for railroad transportation, pur
porting to be eigncd by General Freight
and Passenger Agent. Hudson of the Mex
ican Central.
Losses in the Naphtha Fires.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 10.— Official ad
vices from the Governor of Baku, the
pcene of the recent naptha fires. Bay that
the total loss of life vras seventeen and
that the loss of property will not exceed
1.200.009 rubles.
Milan in Critical • Condition.
VIENNA, Feb. 10.— The condition of
former King Milan of Senia has taken a
turn for the worse. Both his lungs are
congested, the heart Is very weak and his
malady has entered an extremely critical
stage. ¦
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Feb. lO.-Chlef
Justice McClellan of the Alabama Su
preme Court was shot in the right should
er at his house this morning by either
Jesse D. Beale or- his son, Phelan Beale,
of this city. The wound is a serious one.
It Is alleged that the Beales wenf'to the
house of Judge McClellan to find John
McQueen of Birmingham, assistant solic
itor of Jefferson County, whom, the elder
Beale charged with abducting- his daugh
ter Caroline.
It is alleged Miss Beale had not been at
home all night, and they had been in
formed that McQueen had been riding
about in a hack with her. Judge McClel
lan attempted to prevent the Beales from
going through Ills house in their hunt for
McQueen. This they resented, and one of
them, believed to be the father, shot Me-
Clellan with a pistol.
The Beales x«'irsued their hunt, and be
lieving they had located McQueen in a
closet; which was locked, fired about a
dozen shots through the door. McQueen
was in the closet, but was in a narrow
place to the sldo of the door and ¦was not
struck by any of the balls. The Beales
were arrested find held without bail.
Later the fact was developed that Mc-
Queen and Miss Beale had gone to the
residence of Probate Judge Gaston after
midnight to secure a license to marry but
the Judge declined to issue a license un
der the circumstances. As soon as the
facts became known the Beales were
reconciled to- the match and the young
people were married. .
Alabama Judge Is Shot
Down on His Own
Doorstep.
ANGERED FATHER
USES REVOLVER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL- BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Now that
the report of the Congressional committee
which investigated hazing at West Point
has been made public, 1 Secretary Root
expected to give to the press this week
the report of the military court of in
quiry which conducted a similar investi
gation.
The report of the Congressional com
mittee is much more scathing in its con
demnation of practices which prevailed
at the military academy than is that of
the military court. The latter stat-es ex
plicitly that the death of Cadets Booz
and Brett was not due to ill treatment
sustained at the academy. The Con
gressional committee failed to definitely
establish this point, though jt stated that
"we cannot affirmatively find that their
death was caused by this treatment."
The report of the military court found
that hazing existed at the academy, but
It specifically stated that it was less bru
tal than the practice observed at civil
educational institutions. The board se
verely condemned hazing, and recom
mended more stringent disciplinary meas
ures. No action was taken by the War
Department against any of the cadets for
the reason that In many cases the stat
ute of limitations applied, and in others
cadets involved gave testimony with the
understanding that they should not be
punished. Department officials and army
officers are confident that the voluntary
agreement made by the cadets to abandon
hazing will stop it more effectually than
the enforcement of any regulations or
laws.
Deals Comparatively Len
iently With . West
Point Cadets.
MILITARY COURT'S
REPORT READY
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOG G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 10.— No response
has come from the Cuban Constitutional
Convention, directly or Indirectly, to
broad hints thrown out by the administra
tion that the constitution must recognize
the right of the United States to intervene
In Cuba's forelsn affairs.
Prominent residents of Cuba who accom
panied the Cuban commercial commmlttee
to this city have informed the Senators
that they do not expect the convention Vi
make their constitution satlsfacory to the
United States. The President woes not re
gard matters as clearing up and he is
still seriously calling the attention of
members of Congress to the necessity for
an extra session.
An important matter bearing upon the
right of the United States to insist upon
this recognition of guardianship from
Cuba was pointed out to-day. It has been
asserted that Congress In the resolution
approved on April 21," 1S08, precluded the
possibility of interfering with or hamper
ing the sovereignty of the republic of
Cuba. It Is held that this resolution Is
superseded by the treatv of 1 Paris. In
which the United States bound itself to do
this very thing.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
COLONEL ALBERT D. SHAW.
Army, Dies Suddenly.
Fornw Commander- in-Chief of Grand
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.—Representa
tive Alberts. D. Shaw of Watertown,
formerly commander-in-chief of the
Grand Army of the Republic, was found
dead this morning in his room at the
Riggs House. A physician pronounced
death due to apoplexy, suffered probably
about 2 o'clock in the morning. Colonel
Shaw had reurned about 1:30 from a ban
quet at the Ebbitt House in honor of his
successor. General Leo Rassieur. Before
he left the banquet hall he had responded
eloquently to a toast and appeared In ex
cellent health and spirits. After his re
turn to the hotel he asked for hot water,
complaining of .indigestion. This was the
last seen of him alive.
Colonel Shaw's private secretary.
Charles Glynn, had an appointment with
him for 10 o'clock this morning, and when
he did not appear one of the bellboys
climbed over the transom.. The body was
discovered lying face downward on the
floor. The condition of the room showed
that the end had come without pain.
The body was removed to an undertak
ing establishment to await the arrival of
an only son. Dr. Henry Shaw, who is ex
pected to-morrow, when arrangements for
the funeral will be announced. A commit
tee from the House of Representatives
will be named to attend the servics, which
will probably be held at Watertown. Two
daughters, one living In Watertown and
the other in Brooklyn, were notified.
Colonel Shaw was born in Lyme. X. Y. t
In 1S4L He was a veteran of the civil war.
He was a widower, his wife having died
one year ago yesterday. He was the
picture of health, of commanding stature,
strongly built, with square shoulders and
erect figure, which, with white hair and
mustache, made him a conspicuous figure
in the House. An active worker during
i.is incumbency of the eommander-in
chief's office, he frequently came to Wash
ington and took a hand in urging legisla
tion for the old soldiers before the com
mittees of Congress.
Captain I. O. Messic.
GILROT, Feb. 10.— Captain I. G. MmssIc,
one of the early pioneers, died yesterday
at Santa Cruz, ¦ aged 78 years. Captain
Messic was a veteran of the Mexican
•war. He was storekeeper at the San
Francisco Mint for a number of years, a
position he resigned a few months ago,
owing to the infirmities of age. Gilroy
was his home for a number of years. The
captain was a member of Keith Lodge,
F. and A. M., under whose auspices the
funeral will be held here.
George B. Anderson.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10.— George B. An
derson, the oldest truckman In the Unit
ed States, died here to-day. Although 86
years of age Anderson, up to a week ago,
when his last Illness began, drove his
truck In all kinds of weather and handled
his freight on and off the truck without
assistance, though it was. of the heaviest
kind. He was a native of Scotland, and
leaves a sister, a Mrs. Cameron of Vic
toria. B. C His estate is worth about
$40,000.
Eobert H. Pithie.
ST. HELENA. Feb. 10.— Robert II. Pithle,
a contractor, died suddenly on Friday
after an Illness of less than a week of
pneumonia. Mr. Pithie was born in Stone
haven. Scotland, in 1S54. He emigrated to
America in 1SS2 and came to California in
1887. In 1SS3 he took up his residence In
Et. Helena, and on December 24, 1S99, was
married to Miss Fannie Dougherty. Mr.
Pithie was an Odd Fellow and a Mason.
"Con" Featherly.
DENVER, Feb. 10.— John, better known
as "Con," Featherly, the well-knowa
sporting man who all his life was referred
to as "The Honest Gambler." died here
to-day of locomotor ataxia, aged 45 J^ears.
He had been ill for some weeks in St.
Joseph's Hospital. Featherly was particu
larly prominent In sporting circles of tha
West and on the Pacific Coast. He had
been living In Denver several years.
Colonel Lew A. Clark.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 10.— Colonel Lew A.
Clark, secretary of the St. Louis Elks'
lodge and formerly a well-known race
track official, died here yesterday from the
effects of an operation, aped 77 years. He
was a survivor of the Walker Nicaraguan
expedition of 1855 and a national flgurein
the Brotherhood of KIks.
Mrs. William H. Reeder.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10.— Mrs. William H.
Reeder, wife of Commander Reeder, U.
S X., commanding the schoolshlp St
Marys, now at the Brooklyn shipyard
died aboard that vessel to-day. Sh« was
a daughter of the late Rear Admiral
Charles Wells.
M rs. Elizabeth Taylor.
WOODLAND, Feb. 10.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Taylor, a native of England and 77 years
old, died at an early hour yesterday.
She had been a. resident of Tolo County
for many years. .
Mrs. Levissa T. Hershey.
WOODLAND, Feb. 10.— Mrs. Levlssa T.
Hershey, a. native of Missouri and about
65 years of age, died near Blacks yester
day.
Bight of United States to Intervene
| in Island's Foreign Affairs May
Not Be Recognized toy
Them.
No Reply to Hints Thrown
Out by Adminis
tration.
CUBANS FAIL TO
MAKE ANSWER
"WASHINGTON', Feb. 10.— If considera
tion of th« naval appropriation, bill Is
completed during Monday, as is Euppcsed
It will be. the ship subsidy bill wlU be
railed up by Senator Frye and that bill
will continue to receive the attention of
the Senate during the remainder of the
day. Senaf »r Caffery will take the floor
when the bill Is taken up and Is expected
to make a lengthy argument- Senator
Procter ha? given notice that as chairman
of the Committee on Agriculture he will
ra.!l \ip the agricultural bill on Tuesday.
There w!jl be. no effort to prevent the dis
placement of the subsidy bill oy the ap
propriation. The Committee on Appro
rriatlor.s hopes to be able to report the
fortifications appropriation bill by the
time the agricultural bill shall he dis
posed of and the army appropriation bill
;s expected to be reported later In the
we^k.
The plan is to have all appropriation
Wlls acted on as promptly as possible
efter they are reported, but when there
• re r.o bills of that "cnaracter before the
Senate the subsidy bill will continue to
have the right of way. The Indications
ure that there will be no further imme
diate attempt to hold right sessions. The
' pponents of the subsidy bill declare that
in case of a renewal of the night meetings
the friends of the bill will be compelled
-to keep constantly !n the chamber a quo
rum of their own.
While they made frequent demands for
a call of the Senate during the evening
sessions of last week, they always them
selves replied to their names when called.
It is now understood to be their purpose
rot to do this in case of further efforts
to bring the bill to a vote: by carrying
the Senate meetings into the night.
Much interest is felt in the effort which
Is to be made to secure legislation in con
nection with the army appropriation bill
in regard to the Philippines and Cuba. It
has always been supposed that any at
tempt in either diiection would open up
the entire colonial policy of the adminis
tration and lead to interminable debate,
but there l.« now unquestionably quite "a
general acquiescence in the effort to be
made for Philippine and Cuban legisla
tion.
A majority at least of the Democrats
prem willing that a vote should be reached
on both these provisions. Indeed, it is
understood to be the position of Senator
Jones of Arkansas and of his immediate
supporters in opposition to the subsidy bill
that there will be no obstacle to getting
« vote upon any bill before the Senate
except the ship bill, and possibly the oleo
margarine bill.
In all probability, however, the Cuban
and Philippine questions will be discussed
p.t considerable length and even though
there may be no desire to defeat them
they may be used to hold off the subsidy
bill.
The Committee on the Philippines will
hold a meeting Monday and it is expected
will agree promptly upon a favorable re
port upon the Philippine amendment, but
the Question will probably not be taken
up in the Senate until the army appropria
tion bill shall be reported. "The Cuban
Committee will meet later in the week.
The revenue reduction bill will come be
fore the House to-morrow with ?ome pros
pert of an animated discussion. The Ways |
and Means Committee has already deter
mined on a recommendation for a disa
creement to the Senate amendments to
The bill and the conference with the Sen
ate will be asked. But this determination
has aroused considerable feeling among
the majority members of the committee,
ar.d this may find expression when Chair
man Payne presents the report and moves
for a conference. Following this matter
the diplomatic and consular appropriation
hill will claim attention, the general dis
cussion of foreign questions, particularly
the Philippines, being still open. The army
appropriation bill and the sundry civil
bill also •will receive consideration during
this week. Among the measures of gen
eral legislation likely to come up is the
important bill for Government aid and
participation in the Louisiana purchase
exposition to be hold at St. Louis. Chair
man Tawney, having the subject in
«-hanre. has received assurances from the
Speaker of early recognition and expects
to take up the bill during the first part
of the week. The bill retiring- officers of
revenue cutter service and establishing a
standardizing bureau continues to be spe
rial orders when appropriations bills do
net have the right of way. Legislation
regarding West Point hazing may come
up at ar.v time, although it Is likely to be
dealt with in conference in connection
with the Military Academy appropriation
bill.
iluch Interest Is Pelt at Washingrton
in Regard to the legislation
on the Philippines and
Cuba.
Will Be Called Up in Senate
After Naval Bill Is
Completed.
HIPPING BILL
NEXT IN LINE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 19O1.
UNITED STATES SENATOR
"WILLIAM V. SULLIVAN of
Mississippi, who was in San
Francisco a few weeks ago with
his bride on a wedding tour, ha3
again come Into ¦notoriety, by clapping a
woman's face at a railway '- station In
Washington, D. C. The dispatches con
tained brief accounts of the incident. .-
The woman in Question is; Miss Lucy
Leeton. who Is now suinp. him for $50,000
for breach of promise. The Senator's
statement of the affair is as follows:
I was exasperated beyond endurance by the
taunting of the woman.' She had written me
lmportunlntr me for money to go to her home
In Mississippi. .As' I was leaving my com
mlttee-room at the Capitol and ffoing to a
street car she walked un. to me. I told her I was
In a hurry and asked her to walk with me to
the car. I was talking earnestly with her and
tr-lllng her that I would . give her the money
It she would return to bee home. I am the
last person In the world to whom, she should
1-ave applied for money. When I reached the
Baltimore and Ohio station she became most
Insulting and In a loud voice began to revile
my wife. I lost my temper and, slapped her.
Miss Leeton Is being manipulated. In my
Judgment, by political enemies o£ mine. She
I* a sister-in-law of a man whom I once de
fended on a charge of murder In Mississippi.
I sent her to school that she might nt herself
-for a position. The records -of the State Uni
versity of Mississippi will show that f have
sent nine young women through college and
seventeen young men.
Miss Leeton says she was taking her
dinner in a restaurant, when a friend
of Senator Sullivan called her outside,
ostensibly tp give her a letter. She says
the Senator was waiting, and asked her
to walk up the street with him. She did
so, and after they had talked for some
time he became angrry and slapped her
face three times.
Senator Sullivan was united in marriage
with Mrs. Marie Newman Atkins of
Washington on December 18 last.
Sullivan of Mississippi Tells How He Slapped the Face of Miss Lee
ton, Who Is Suing Him for $50,000 for Breach of Promise.
HOW A SENATOR IS GAINING
NOTORIETY IN WASHINGTON
¦ v
THE "WOMAN AND THE MISSISSIPPI
STATESMAN WHO SLAPPED HER
FACE.
3
' Satiety has more power' to wreck happi-
ness than love has encompass It.
Men climb the hill of life like small boys
pulling their sleds after them and they go
down hill like the boys with their sleds
under them - . " . .
H ¦( fflliSS Will IS Many circumstances enable us to make an all-wool ||
HI I iiMllHH 111 1 1 In refit™ " sul * toorder for £iO-OO. We buy cloth in big consign- ||
111 f\ Illillsiilra avlll / mkI ments direct from the mills for three stores, conse- Ij
f! E li^Hiia HI il^iS quently getting big discounts; we use a labor-saving IfIt is sincerely to be hoped that the honorable mem
bers of the legislative committee which is now inves
tigating our Police Department will not follow the
load of Assemblyman Wrighf, who played fantan and
won. The gambling evil is seductive;, it is an old
sdige that the devil j.laces trumps'*in the hands of
The new Federal army law placing 1 at the command
of President McKinlcy hundreds of appointments
and gihs'.will give to our .ambitious soldiers opportu
nities for promotion which they did not receive on
the battlefield. But promotion in peace has some
thing more of substance in it than glory in war.
Jf Legislature junketing trips continue to increase
as rapidly in the future as they have in the immediate
past it might not be an unwise plan for the State. to
negotiate with the railroads for wholesale rates on
fares. Perhaps the .'ransportation companies might
acree to accept traveling statesmen as freight.
Kansas legislators want to make it a felony for any
one to purchase rope for the use of a mob. Recent
events in Kansas indicate that the combination of a
woman and a hatchet is infinitely more hazardous to
the public than a rope and a mob.
"How did he happen to marry his type
writer?" ¦ • •
"She ' demanded an increase In wapes.
and It was a mere matter of economy."—
Indianapolis News.
"There's a lucky man for you!"
"How's thatr
"Why, he's pot a butler so dignified that
he even awes the cook into submission!"—
Brooklyn Life.
"I was awfully glad to receive your let
ter stating that you had repented. But
why did" you send It unsealed?"
"Because they say 'an open confession 1st
good for the uoul." "—Philadelphia North
American.
Stockman— You remember that "point
er" you gave me on the street yesterday?
Bonds— Yea: what about it?
Stockman — Why, I tried It. and as a con
sequence I've come around to see if you
couldn't let me have a retriever. — Rich
mond Dispatch.
Go to tha Inauguration.
The S*nta Fe will maJce excursion rates from
California points to Washington and rwtorn on
the occasion of the relnauguratlon of President
McKlnley. March 4th. The tickets will b» sold
on Fehruary 2*th 'and 25th and will lie good to
return, starting from Washington, no.t later
than March 8th. West of Chicago, however. th»
tickets will be good until March 25th. These
tickets will be honored on the California Lim
ited.
¦ » « .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Kress expects to have his vessel ready for trial in
the spring, and. Count Zeppelin also intends to. make
another attempt at that season. -Flying ship trials are
therefore likely td be among the' amusements of the
arid'perhaps something may be achieved
of practical value' to the world.
From Vienna comes the report that there are grc?.t
expectations in that cily of a flying ship devised by
Wilhelm Kress, whose work has been promoted by
liberal contributions from the Emperor and many 01
the nobility. His vessel is to be sustained by wing?
composed of silk and extended by steel ribs. The ma
chine is to be raised and moved by two propellers
similar to a ship's screws. These while propelling the
vessel will make the wings or sails face the air. With
these latter, or part df them, directed upward, a power
will come into action which will first support the
weight of the. boat and then, raise it in the air as it
grows stronger. The screws are to be set in' motion
by a benzine motor of .'twenty-horstpower, and-of
such exceeding lightness as has never been • before
.constructed. It is believed that it will not weigh more
than from eight to ten kilograms per horsepower, and
it will be. made of aluminum. . ¦ . .
It will be remembered that in the annual report of
the United States; Board of Ordnance an'd Fortifica
tion, made public just before the holidays, there was a
reference to .tests made with the flying machine of
Professor Lang-ley of the Smithsonian Institution. It
appears, therefore, that enough has been accomplished
by Langley ,to make it worth while for the.Govern
ment to give, attention to the possible'use of his in
vention a$'a?vveapon .of war. According to a recent
description Langley's latest machine is built of alumi
num, twcuty-five-feet long, six feet wide and eight feet
deep. It is operated. by a. twenty-horsepower liquid-air
engine, weighing only'fbrty-sevcn pounds. On cither
side of the ship are sails or wings, twenty- four feet in
width, supposed to represent the form of an albatross'
wing. Slightly abaft midships are paddle-wheels, five
feet six inches in diameter, capable of making two
thousand revolutions a minute., , • -.
SINCE Count Zeppelin's recent experiments with
the great airship, he has constructed at Lake
Constance comparatively little attention; .has
been given in the news. of the' day concerning progress
made in the direction of solving' the problems of aerial
navigation. TJic work is going steadily forward, how
ever, and it is even probable that other experimenters
may attaiu success before Zeppelin gets his ship 'into
shape for practical use. . ' . ' . , '
fJIRSHIP EXPERIMENTS.
We have no doubt that to diplomatists, to those
learned in the lore of the College of Heralds; and to
others whose minds are susceptible to the influence
of titles, the proclamation will be a matter of impor
tance. It is doubtful,'howeyer, whether the care dis:
played in selecting the title under which Edward
claims rule <5vcr the Transvaal will strike the Boers
any more impressively than it strikes . the average
American. To accept Edward as "Supreme-Lord. of
and over the Transvaal" would be to surrender every
vestige of the kind of independence the Boers are
fighting lor. They desire no part or parcel with either
the empire or its royalty, and although high diplo
matic authorities assure them .that the proclamation
means they arc to be a "separate constituent of the
empire" and a "distinct political entity in the aggre-
kingdoms, states, .colonies, >etc., ( which awe
allegiance '.to Edward," the Boers will continue to
'fight for the full freedom that is understood. of all
iincn and is something more than a diplomatic tech
nicality. ¦ v../; •¦>¦¦;._- ''jV-
In fact, Edward's chance of getting into power over
•the slender wire of a diplomatic phrase is slight. The
'attempt to do so recalls the fact that when he visited.
America in the days of his youth a tight rope per
former of the time issued an advertisement inviting
him to make his entry into the United States in spec
tacular and impressive way by crossing Niagara on a
rope. The advertiser offered to put him in a wheel
barrow and wheel him across in safety,, guaranteeing
that should any accident happen to his Highness the
money paid for the job would, be refunded."-. Ed
ward did not undertake to cross on the rope, and we
may be sure he will not undertake to enter upon' do
minion in the Transvaal. solely by means of the Kit-
In this connection it is worth noting there is an
other and much more sensible 'scheme under consid
eration for quieting the Boers by diplomatic tactics.
The London Chronicle recently put forth .a sugges
tion that Sir Wilfrid Laurien of Canada be sent- to
South Africa to negotiate with the .Boers-, and isaid:
"The famous French Canadian is loyal; above sus
picion, "and at the same time, as a' member of a race
which was <>nce hostile and has beenl successfully
united to the empire, he has a very special right to act
as intermediary. He is himself an instance of the
important truth, which many people have .lately been
tempted to overlook, that we cannot build up' the epi
pirc of the English stock alone. The very word em
pire implies the admission of other races -into- our.
citizenship and privileges, and we should welcome the
Dutch race within its bounds as heartily as we have
welcomed the French. We can see no reason why the
attempt should 'not* be made, and quickly."
' -While -these various diplomatic, schemes f are^bci.ng
devised in London Dewct is gomff.mejrily aheadvwith
his attacks on British posts, and Kitchener" after his
fashion is working silently but swiftly atthe task of
providing himself with a force of mounted- mehVthaf.
can follow the nimble' Boers with an equal speed.-,
It looks, therefore, as if the outcome Would be due
DISPATCHES from London announce that
when Edward was proclaimed by Lord Kit
chener at Pretoria, not as King, nor as Em
peror, but as "Supreme Lord of and over the Trans
vaal," the title given was designed as an assurance to
the Boers that the Transvaal is not to be annexed as
a crown colony subject to tne King and the Parlia
ment of Great Britain, but is to be a self-governing
state under the lordship of the King.
DIPLOMACY IN ' THE TRANSVAAL
The season continues propitious. The rainfall could
not have been better distributed, and periodical frosts
have kept the buds :n check and given the growing
grain stronger roots. Everywhere the prospects arc
reported excellent. With the usual spring rains from
row on we ought to harvest" good crops of every
tl'ire.
Beyond this advance in wine the commercial situa
tion here was tame enough. There were the usual
iluctuations in produce and groceries, and the appear
ance of a little nibbling demand for prunes led to the
faint hope that it might be the beginning of the spring
call for this fruit. The cattle and sheep market fell
off a little, as the quotations have lately been too high
for the public purse.
Our local markets exhibited no features calling for
extended mention. The price of wine was again ad
vanced, the rise being 2]4 cents per gallon for the
raw wine. This makes the quotation 2-,Vi . cents,
which is about double what wine brought four or
five years ago. The local wine men sav that the ad
vance is permanent, owing to depleted stocks, a grow
ing demand for our wine and- the ravages of the
phylloxera, which are cutting down the vineyard, aicu
»>f- the State. They further. say that; grapes will
Kond property again for several vintages to come.
Ergo, every farmer will probably rush into grapc«,
and in a few years the old story will be repeated.'
There is nothing new in Wall street worthy of
note. The market continued active, and both profes
sionals and the public dealt freely, while London did
considerable buying.
Reports from the different sections of the country,
however, are encouraging, especial!}- from the two
s-cctions just mentioned and the Northwest. A better
demand for spring goods is reported, and even winter
goods, such as boots ;md shoes andclothing, are sell
ing very well. The leather market is also looking up,
and hides are steadier in sympathy. Lumber is quieter.
Cotton and wool and their fabrics are reported quier
end not materially changed. The iron and steel trader
remain as for some weeks, featureless, but generally
on a steady basis. The grain markets have ruled un
:-crtied during the week, a^d wheat has declined under
a bearish , situation in the argentine. These points
about cover the main features of business throughout
the country during the past week.
TRADE all over the country is characterized by
midwinter dullness. True, the bank clearings
show a gain, over last year of 26.1 per cent, but
this does not necessarilj r imply that business is livelj'.
In fact, except on the Pacific Coast and in the Gulf
State?, where there is neither sno.v nor ice to interfere
with trade, there is always a lull during the months
of January and February, and this year is no ex
ception.
THE MIDWINTER LUlL.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S FULL NAME
TV. A. R., City. A history of the late Queen
Victoria has the following about her
name: -
There w/19 some little trouble obout finding
a name for the baby. The father wished to
call her Elizabeth, thinking that from its glo
rious traditions that would prove a name to
please the people should she occupy th« throne.
But the prince resent, who was godfather, to-
Rether with the Emperor of. Russia, (rave only
tho name of Alexandrina to the clergy. Tho
father pleaded that another name be added
and propwfd that of the regent's .own name,
Oeorgina. but the regent jiald that that name
could not come in the second place and as the
Emperor's must take precedence. If the baby
had to have another name plve her her moth
er's", so the -princess came to be called Alex
andrina Victoria, and in infancy she wan
known a'a Princess Drina, a name she dropped
after ' her accession.
~ The • family name of the late Queen, if
it can properly be said she had one. was
Guelph of Welf. Upon this point the fol
lowlnp from the Whitehall Review throw-3
some light:
.. At dinner the other n'.eht a celebrated hls
, torian was present and I put a question to
him which I know has. puzzled a great many
people at different time*: "What is the iur
name. of tho royal family?" ."Ouelph of
course." That- Is the usual answer, and It was
the historian's. I ventured to sutrsest that al
though' the members of .the royal family arc
Giielphs. by ' descent. Her . Majesty's marriage
with Prince. Albert of Saxe-Cohurjr must have
had the effect which the • marriage* of a lady
has In all other cases, and that the surname
, of tho present house must be the Prince Con
; sort's. But what Is the surname of the Prince
' Consort's family? Simple, but staggering
; Wettin. Every ono smiled at the horrible
Idea of the Guelphs being reduced to Wet
, tins. The point . was referred to Theodore
, Martin. "Tou are quite right" said the grace
ful WoKrapher of the. Prince Consort. "Wet
,!tln is. the family nam« of the house of Sax
ony, to whom the dominion of -Saxony pawed
.in 1420... The, King of Saxony and th«. minor
princes ' ire, therefore, all Wettins. or Ger
man 'We-tUner."
Royal families droV their family names
nnd cannot in reality be said to have an v
They are known only by their titles. In
that case the -late Quern's full name was
Alexandria Victoria, but if we take It
in the "rdlnary sense, her; full. name was
Alexandrina \ictorla Guelph .Wettln.
ADVERTISEMENTS- PearK Citv. Thi*
correspondent writes: "I should like to
have a. form '.of answer to 'advertisements
that appear- in the papers. 'Wanted-^
Young lady for an office.' " The correc>
thing is to- answer, the advertiser, by de»
daring that you are b young lady and
would like to know what the position 1?.
Then- if you arc requested to call. Xne a-i
yertiser will judge -whether you are younar
enough. '•- . ' ..- ¦' ..
ARMY AND NAVr- Regular, pity. In
the United States arrav a man who en
lists as a private has. an opportunity to
rise until he reaches th» highest position,
as ls.evidenced by the "promotion of Gen-,
eral . Chaf ee . who' enllsti-d as -a privale In- 1
the cavalry and was ' recently coramls-; I
sioned a major general. In -the navy it 13
different.- A common p.lilor cannot "nsn
from, the deck and. become a <?ommisslone-i
offlcer." He may - become a chief ¦ boat
swain, chief gunner, chief carpenter, chief
sailmaker or mate and rank as a warrant
officer, but he cannot ' attain a higher
rank. A sailor., if within, the age limit,
might be" appointed to the Naval Aca
demy ¦ at Annapolis, and In that case- he
would, after graduation, be in line of pro
motion ua to ,'admJral. . .' t
ROTATION OF THE MOON— L. M. S..
Oakland, Cal. The reason the inhabitants
of the earth have never seen but one side
of the moon .is because that; luminary
makes a revolution on her axis in the
same time that she revolves around the
earth, and so always presents the same
face to us. The reason for this peculiar
ity, astronomers say. is the ellptical form
of the moon itself. It is not probable that
the moon originally started on her axial
rotation with precisely the same velocity
with which she moved around the earth,
but it is thought that the two motions
were originally not very, far apart, and
Jhe fact that the attraction of the earth
slightly elongated the lunar globe served
to draw the axial rotation in a period of
time toward the" orbital movement around
the eartR. Now, therefore, they so nearly
correspond that if the orbital movement
varies the other will ' undoubtedly vary
•with it. and thus the exact correspond
ence will bo indefinitely kept up.
DOGDAYS-I,. M. S.. Oakland. Ca!. The
name dogdays is applied to that time of
the year, when Sirus — known as the dofi
star, because It is in the constellation of
Canis Major— the brightest fixed star in
the northern hemisphere, rises for several
successive weeks at nearly the same time
as does the sun. The ancients regarded
the conjunctlpn of the rising of this star
with the rising of the sun as the cause for
the great heat at that period of the year,
which is some time during the. months of
July and August. As, however, this con
junction of the sun and star does not oc
cur at the same time in all latitudes, and
is not constant in the same region for a
long period, there has been much varia
tion in calendars respecting the time of
the dogdays. Furthermore this rising be
came later and later in all latitudes, owing
to precession. The beginning of these days
has been variously fixed . by almanac
makers from July 3 to 26. and their, close
from Aueust 11 to September 7.
. Robert GUI, a prominent mining and
business man of Moonly, N. ' 9- "W., Is
stopping at the Palace.
1 C. F. Todd, a leading citi2en of Vic
toria, B. C, accompanied, by Mrs. Todd.
is stopping at the Palace.
W. S. Ritchie, who has larse business
interests in Auckland. New Zealand, Is
a guest at the Occidental, r/',; -V
Many of the leading members of tho
Bernhardt-Coquelin company are stopping
at the downtown hotels. '*'¦:.
Colonel J. English of the British army
arrived in the city yesterday from Aus
tralia and is journeying: to London.
;. IX TV". Carmichael. a well-known mer
chant' of Sacramento, arrived in the city
yesterday and' registered at the Lick
House.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Peter and Miss Peter,
prominent residents of Melbourne, Aus
tralia. arrived in the city yesterday, and
are stopping at the Occidental. They are
en route to Europe. •
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mrs. Bandman also looked stunnins that
nigut In a gorgeous black gown, and I
never saw Miss Man -look so well as she
did In her pir.k frock.'
The ladies of the Children's Hospital ar«
meeting with considerable difficulty in
their efforts to find a. suitable store for
their proposed "rummage party." They
have been trying to pet the store formerly
occupied by J. J. O'Brien, but as yet have
not been successful, although they can.
not say that their efforts have altogether
met with, failure. A prospective tenant
for the'store is, so I understand, the onlv
obstacle. In -their way. By Wednesday,
however,- they will know, the best or the
Worst. i; 'If • the' store -is to be had. mat
ters will be pushed along- quickly, for the
other: committees have betfn working
splendidly without letting the .prospects
of no store interfere in" their proceedings.
. I;never saw so many elegant gowr.s as T
did at the Bandman card party on Thurs
day night. Such laces! Such silk3 an !
shimmering satin and such jewels! Of a 15
the m^ny beautiful aresses the one tha
best caught my fancy was the gown worn
by Mrs. .Billie O'Kane. It was all of
duchesse lace and elegant enough to tak<*
your breath away. And there was a fit m
It and, a hang to it— but then I think the
stylish figure of Mrs. O'Kane had some
thing to do with that, for really the luiiy
does know how to wear elesant clothe.
Mr. and Mr3. J. B. Stet3on and Mr.;.
Stetson's little daughter. Margarrt rv >t -,
sailed for Honolulu last week. They ex
pect to spend one month in the Island*.
• ' ¦ • ¦
Miss Susie Blanding Is expected homo
from New York this week.
Mrs. Blair and Miss -Jennie Blair hav*
returned from their Eastern visit, having
with them the MIses Hurley of Boston.
These young ladies will be the guests o*
the Blairs until spring.
The Drowns— Mrs.* Drown. Berr.!e Drown
and Newell Drown— left on Wednesday
last for New York en route to Alexandria
by -way of Gibraltar and Naples.
On Saturday next Edna Hopkins ana
Will Taylor t.-IU be married, and, like the
nuptials of Helen Hopkins and Gus Tay
lor, the wedding: will bo celebrated at tha
magnificent Hopkins place In Menlo Park.
Of course It la. going to be a magnificent
affair and there'may also be, so I am foli.
like at the previous Hopkins-Taylor w: 1
ding, another engagement announced.
unusually close observer to se« that tfc«
town season In the very near future win
only extend from Christmas till Mardl
Gras.
So the bright views of last fall are rapidly dissolving.
Fortunately the welfare of the country is not wholly
dependent upon Congressional action. We can wait
for the canal, the merchant marine bill, the reduction
of taxes and big appropriations. There will be, oi
course, disappointments, but the people, will take
courage. A new Congress has been elected, and in thy
knowledge of that fact hope can renew her youth and
expectation once more take on a sanguine hue.
._ Finally, there is the rrver and harbor biil, from which
so many constituencies; expected great things. It is the
richest "bill of the kind on 'record— veritable plum
pudding. The House 7 put into, it appropriations
enough to make a total of about $69,000,000, and the
Senate raised the amount to nearly $80,000,000. In its
present shape it appears ; t<> be too. rich for/ the admin
istration. There is a rumor that if sent to the Presi
denth he would veto it. Senate committee is, at
work taking out some of the plums and reducing the
suet. Perhaps they will get it into digestible.condi
tion, but the chances are slim. '.*-" ' >
Next in order is the- bill for the' reduction oi
war revenues. The 1 eduction was promised* in th4
Republican platform. It was recommended by tho
Secretary of the Treasury and by thePresident. \ The
House promptly adopted: the: bill providing for if:.
The Senate took thebilUand struck out nearly every
line of it,- sending back.'to 'the*;Hoiise- a virtually new
measure. Now the origination- of revenue bills is a
prerogative of the House, and it.is believed the mem
bers of that body will resent the action of the. Senate
in destroying the House biil and making a new one.
So there is 'every prospect of a deadlock on that issue,
and tax reduction will probably be among the things
for w.hich we shall have to wait.'
There were sanguine expectations of the passage of
the shipping bill for the. upbuilding of the American
merchant, marine, but. there has been" displayed such!
an antagonism toward ; the,,'mcasure it is -.'extremelyj
doubtful if it can be carried in the few weeks that re-j
main of the session. It] looks now as if there would
be another year of waiting.before we can obtain foe
our shipping industries that governmental aid. which
is necessary to enable them to compete on equal term^
with the subsidized merchant' vessels of Europe. !
| — ; ROM the present outlook it appears the great
I ..expectations of the work to be done by. Congress
1 at this session are not to be realized. . The halls!
of both houses are iilkd with a multitude of words
and time is on tlie wing. In a few days we shall have
reached the 4U1 of March, the term of this Congress
will be. at an end, and there.will remain to be dorfe bv
the next Congress many of- the most important things
that were expected;of,this.'.. ¦ ';. ].',' . %' ;
' 'With what high hopes the' country .-loolced. forward
only : a short time«agofto a speedy-beginning of t\i<2
work of constructing :the .Nicaragua canai.\' t^he Re-i
publican party-, in control of all branches of the GoyJ
eminent, was pledged. to 'the work. The aclniinistra-i
tion favored it and "urged it. .Treaties had been, madq
that provided for cntefing upon At without .delay, or;
international complications. Everything promised th<5
•prompt passage of .the" canal bill. All those bright
prospects have been clouded over. , The
of the canal has been postponed. indefinitely, I
DISSOLVING VIEWS.
MONDAY FEBRUARY n, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Hint* All Cfrrtciciticti to W. S. LEASE. Kanmrer.
MAXA<rRR*i> OFFICE Toloplione l " re^_-^
PrniJCATlOX OFKICH... Market nn«I Third, !*. F.
Trlcplionc Prrxn 201.
KDITOniAt,nooM*s 2IT to 221 Sleven«on St.
Telephone Prc«« 2O2.
: Delivered bjr Tarrlers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnele roplM. 15 C.entn.
Term* bjr Mall. Including Poi»taire«
DAILY CAXA* <lnc!udin* Funr5ay>; nn» year W.«>
I>AILT CAM, OncludinB Sunday), 6 months S.W
I»AII>Y <'ALT, dnrludinp Sunday). 3 month!" 1-8*
T'All.Y <AI.I>— By Slnrle Jlrnith «5e
KI'NDAV CALL. Or* Var 1 - r '°
WEEKLY ••ALL. one Year 1*>
All pootiuattlerw nre nnthorlr.eil to receive
¦nliMcriptfonii.
Samj'I* copipf »1!1 \<* forwarded when rcquOEted. ¦
Mail ftubMTihPr* in ordfring ichtage of nddrrFS should be
partlcnUr to pi\*> lxitli NEW AND <"iM> AT>DRK?S In ord«-r
t'i inVure a i.roir.pt and c^rrpft r«impllance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
- CV GEORGB KROGXES?.
1'irtf'r Fere'.gn AcTertiticg, Karqtett* BoiHir?. Chiet^i, '
<I>tik Distance Teleplione "Central £61?.")
NCW YORK COROESTONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Ilernld ?i»uare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHES n. SSIITU 30 Trllinne Ilnlldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"kV«!(J.)rf-.\Btori&. Hotel: A. Brrntano, 31 Union Pquare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherrr.an Boose; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
I'remont House; Auditorium Hotel. . -
WASHINGTON «I>. C.» OFFICB. . . .14O« G St.. \. W.
MO1STO.X i;. (i:\M:. (orrenpoodrnt.
nil \NCH OFFICES— oZl Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:Z<i o'clock. 3"0 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock, til
McAllister open until »:K> o'clock. CIS X^arkin. ci>en until
9:3C o'clock.' 1W1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22i".l Market,
ccrner FiMrenth. r.pcn until 9 o'clock. 1Cj6 Valencia, open
u Mil 9 o'clock. l<*i Kleventh. open until S o'clock. NW. cor
nor Twenty-second and Kentucky, oix?n until 9 o'clock.
? » •
Chief. Cbnstrnctor Hlchborn does- not
approve of the lS,000-ton battleships
which England contemplates building. The
tihips will carry no heavier armor, and
will not be . faster- than those of 15,000
tons now being built. Their only advan
tage would be In. their, seven 8-lnch guns,
while the drawback would bo a .draught
of probably twenty-eight feet, presenting
larger target, increased coal consumption
and a- material increase In cost as com
pared with the less ungainly vessels build
ine> . " *v ' \ •"]'*• *
The expenditures for new ships and
armaments in the Japanese Navy are cal
culated to reach $110,000,000 for the period
of 1S97 to 1906. The greater part of the
naval programme, begun in 1S97, has been
completed, and while ' practically all tho
ships have been built abroad, naval af
fairs have not been neglected at home. A
Japanese officer has Invented a new
smokeless powder, which is being intro
duced In the navj-; the gun factory j has
been enlargea and improved with the view
of making • the largest caliber, guns at
home, and it is reported that an armor
plate factory is to be established. - *.
•'..•¦•' •' - - . •
The British Admiralty has ordered ex :
perlmenta to be made with torpedo-boat
destroyers with a view of improving their
steadiness'as gun platforms. The inten
tion is to fit bilge keels to the destroyers
if -, it. can be done without materially re
ducing their sneed and maneuvering ef
ficiency.: The Vessels to be experimented
with, will "first be tried at speeds of 15.20
and 23 knots, of which full data ; as to
horsepower ; and turning capabilities will
be taken,, after which trials the boat will
be locked, fitted with 'bilge keels and
again run over, the same speeds as. at the
prior, trial ' and a .comparison. ot,the"re
sults under the.two different " conditions
will indicate the advisability of sacrificing
speed in order., to make the * boats x more
steady at, sea.. ¦ -' ' •¦/• "• .
• ¦ ¦ . • ? •
Groat Britain is evidently short of men
for its navy, and wild rumors were In cir
culation at Portsmouth whrn the Admiral
ty recently called for a hundred naval
pensioners to go on board the coastguard.?.
There is. a ship short in the "West Indies
for Jack of men to commission a relief,
anu" !t 'has been found necessary to draw
from the coastguards young and servlce
ablp crews to be replaced by the pension
ers, most of whom are close on to 55 years
of ace. the, extreme limit at which they
are liable to be called for active service.
. • * *
The f-xj>loslon of a tube in a TJelleville
boiler on board the new sloop Mutine last
December caused the death of a stoker.
Before the . coroner's inquest recently
closed testimony was given that the me-tal
of the burst tube was of good quality,
but the fact \that a piece of wrought
iron and some wood had been found in
one of the tubes when the other boilers
were opened after the accident had a
strong appearance "of malice on the part
of some unknown person.
• • . •
The German cruiser Victoria ' Louise of
5C00 tons has. disappointed her designers,
as her speed under forced draushf with
10,009 : horsepower . was only 1S.50 knots,
where 20 knots was calculated. The Freya
and-Hertha, sister ships to the Victoria
Txuise,. 'are also said to have been de
ficient in Speed. The latter is fitted with
Durr water-tube boilers, the Ilertha has
Rclleville and the Freya has Viclausse
btllers-.
... '. *¦ ¦ • • ¦ •
'"•: '-'A^ -'gigahtlc dredging 'job has" just . been
completed after seven years' labor. The
'entrance of the Hamvaze. Deyenpprt/and
the harhor beyond It have been, deepened
so as to allow vessels of deepest draught
to enter and lie safely anchored. At one
time several bars in the river showed only
four feet at low water and 700,000 tons of
rock have been removed to get a uniform
depth of thirty feet at low water.
¦ The French Navy will have no less, than
300_torpedo boats arid 56 submarine boats
in 1P96 "if the present" programme, for
which ?23,660,C00 has been appropriated, is
carried out.
* • .•';•;..', 1
• The recent trials of~thc French- «ruiser
, Catinat. of .4065 tons, are worae. tha,n,.at
first reported. The vessel .reeled oft' 20
knots when accepted from the?contrac
tors;' but during- her commission trial. c*f
twenty-four hours the speed averaged
only .13 knots and barely 17 knots for two
hours. ._¦['¦ . ¦'. -• .* ¦"' '. .
' •,-,„ "V
f AM confident that the awful thunder-
' I Ing of the cannon that disturbed the
I revelry on the famous night pro-
I ceding Waterloo wasn't a circum,
<*¦ stance to the excitement caused by
the announcement of the Scott-
Martin and Crockett-Scott engagements,
The truth of the matter la, none of. as
were prepared for. it. Some were eve:,
incredulous, until -they-got; confirmation of
the;delightfur report over..thrtelephone.
Mrs. Crockett :was disturbed
About an 1 announcementthat she' rightly
characterized as premature. . Caro anJ
Her 'mother had planned a Sunday tea
tor. their nearest and dearest, and ar-
ranged that their piece de resistance
should be the announcement of the b»-
trothal.r But' alas for the plans that
will "gang aglee"! What a deal of specu-
lating I was ' done as to who had given I
away the precious secret. Well. I'm i
glad.it wasn't a, woman that told IL \
Next time. I wager; when a thing is to '
be kept secret, a happy prospective groom I
won't go and tell his best and most prom- j
Inent man friend that he is about to «». L
tor the holy state and that the cousin I
of his fiancee is going to Co likewise. .
. -. . . I
"Never were there more elegant table* i
than the two round boards at which Mrs. 1
Carolan entertained thirty ladles at !
luncheon on Wednesday last. The affair
was in-honor of Mrs. Page Brown, and '
was given in the private dining-room fit '
li2 Palace. As t Intimated before, thr..„
tables were artistic" and more A ha n usual-j
lv "beautiful. > "In the first place, they .
were round tables and in the center o"^
each stood-aa immense basket of pink
and white roses that shed their frag-
ranee througrh the. meshes of the Huffy.
white" tulle that was draped around them.
But.it. wasn't..the flowers that constl-
tuted alone the beauty of the table. It
was the service. All the table acce5=sorio«!
were of solid god. exquisite in pattern
and dainty in design. And they were ar-
ranged ln..a fashion, so artistic-not an
easy J. thing ; to achieve v.-lth a golden
service.- -A- magnincent sight-those
tables with the handsome women In
gorgeous gowns seated round them!
Amons the ladies who assisted a that
delightful function were: Mrs. "William
Crocker, Princess Poniatowski. f Mra.
Joseph Crockett. Mrs. Joe Grant,: Mrs.
George Pope, Mrs. Frank.-Mrs. William
Babcock.. Mrs. Harry Babcock. Mrs.
Chase, Mrs. Irwin. the Misses Carolan.
Mrs. Osgood Hooker, Miss Daisy Casserlv.
Miss Carrie Taylor, Mrs. Walter Dean,
Mrs. J. A. Robinson, Mrs. Henry T. Scott
and Mrs. Willis Polk.."'' '
Mrs. Brown, who is "well known here,
remains, for a few weeks the guest; of
Mrs. Carolan and when Mrs: Brown f-
turns to her Eastern home Mrs. Carolan
will accompany her. -i
i have «een more" gorgeous wedding
I have seen more b« & artlstlc o-ies
presents, but never more «J" S; ICW^
than those received by El*anor w ood.
the fair br dc of Dr CullenJV elty^It
seemed as tnouf n *acn o m*
to honor the V™"* COUPe**a ordinal".
for something ™^ .^ 0 °?*£*
and the result wasa collect*°n « ™lu
to make gad the heart oMconnoisseur
I fe^lC &*<>. that this »»«*«"*'" ae S
to «ive something J ff«""t p. e"1 *y la£ C n
V in* why the tables «re no t aden
*!th triplicate', to be ««han&ed at the
stores, for things more useful when tne
honeymoon waned. ... » r(,d.
Of all Eleanor's beautiful **" 3 * **
iu!.re«l the most an* old pair OI tj"":^
cntfdl.ftick*, the gift of Mrs. 1"1"
K. Smith. Ah. but thev were *»»"«'•
All carved silver, and their qua ™J_ «»
*te>i showing they belonged to ¦ ™*ny.
.tear- «Ko." They were Just the sort x
thiug3 that would do i»*"ce to .ure.
Sr,dth> trained taste.. Then tnere^was
j^ fX'juiMte silver plate of ma^?, 1""":
provvtion*. the gilt. of Mrs. wiiiiam
Crolker. Mrs. Crocker's dish wa3 _ »s
n'vt>rn as the Smith candlesticks were
undent. Air the elegance of the moa
arn'am all the expense of the up-to-date
..r.:.r,'iCi» Ized the Crocker plate, to my
mlr-V \h't most exquisite worK ever
txx.tff there: •-'¦..•
».-- the beautiful things a crystal
r:- tinted flacon; for smelling salts
t j^ yn splendidly. This bottle was
.*<. git of Horace Platt. and with It
cr, }!-, his card, saying. "When In pa!n
remember me." '¦ ,' ' ! ** . . ""' ¦'
? never wai at a wedding where . the'
fade's mother ran .so close a-second, to
u „ brlJe as at the Wood-Welty nup-
UaU Mrs was simply regal, and
(t-, ety t, m<% _an pye TtsieA on the ori de I
notIced tna\ u immediately traveled on
ner youthf Ui-appearing mother. Mr>.
Woodwas clothed all in white. Her
wag Qf atar Broca<!e, and the
bertha Qf 1(. whlcn draped her
was WOrth a comfortable little
fortune _ wherever a .jewel might with
bg fastened on.the corsage it found
restlnp place. A turban of white tulle
wllh a steei buckie and a bunch of pink
finishing touches to the
t-oantiful costume
beautiful costume. > ,
.. " _ . .,
« looks as thous T h we. f Wf r ,^ tTyln * to
rush the season. leant tell you how
many folks have already gone over to
their Ross Valley places and I stand
ready to wager that the moment we don
our sackcloth and ashes the Rers \ alley,
chimneys will make It apparent that the
homes are inhabited once more. There
seems to be a predisposition on the Dart of
the fortunate possessors of country homes
to shorten the town season. At the rate
we appear to be going, It does not take an
SOCIETY: WHO GAVE AWAY THE ENGAGEMENT SECRET?
With these instances so fresh in our home history it
is not surprising that similar conditions have caused
their appearance in the midst of the turmoil and ten
sity of a tropical war, carried on at the antipodes.
The problem in Manila is what to. do with the plan
ners and beneficiaries of the scheme. That will largely
depend upon the decision of the Supreme Court upon
the issues now before it in the Porto Rico and Philip
pine cases. If the decision be that the islands are
under the constitution then military arrest and .trial
of civilians must cease. They are amenable to the
civil law only. It is doubtful too if they can. be ar
raigned on the grave charge of treason. Congress
has never declared war against the Filipinos. In the
constitutional sense there is no war in the islands and;
therefore,, no public enemies. The army is there on
police duty only. The situation has its counterpart in
our Indian uprisings. The frontier traders always
have communicated with the Indians, and traffic with
them has been but little interrupted by hostilities.
When Sitting Bull's band left the Sioux reservation
they were unarmed. When Custer met them -on the
Little Rosebud they were equipped with Winchesters,
navy revolvers and knives! His carelessness in their
pursuit was due to the belief that they were without
arms. Between the time of their escape from tha
reservation and the massacre of Custer's force their
arms were sold to them by *a trader who afterward
became a United States Senator.
During our Civil War this Manila method had its
counterpart along the military frontier. The North
ern trader wanted cotton, and the Southern trader
wanted quinine and saltpeter/. In spite of all military
vigilance the two classes managed to get together,
and cotton found its way behind the Union lines and
what the South needed in exchange crossed the Con
federate lines. In that time; the papers were full of
charges that high military officers were concerned in
this illicit traffic, and in a percentage of cases this was
no doubt true. War is a demoralizing agency. Its
tendency to destroy the conscience and debauch the
principles of men increases in the ratio of. the distance
of its theater from the home center and the base of
civil oversight and public opinion.
By means of this system the produce of the interior
enters commerce and its value goes back. in exchange.
Kven arms and ammunition are sent to the hostile
camps. The active agents in this scheme are Ameri
cans who appear to have Spanish partners, and the
profitable business is operated under passes and per
mits issued unwittingly by the United States military
authorities. It is not a subject for special wonder
that this condition prevails in the islands. They are a
long distance away. The seat of final authority is so
far away that it is reached with difficulty, and such
local administration as the islands have at our hands
seems to be based upon cither hatred or contempt of
the native people. .
Chicago and New York
It is alleged that this system of communication Is
so perfect that through it the ordinary commercial and
financial operations are performed. Cargoes and in
voices of merchandise are transmitted, and the bills
of exchange follow the bill of lading with about the
same certainty as if the transaction , were, between
THE chronic afflictions of the -Philippine situation
are at present aggravated by the % discovery^ oi
evidence of a widespread system of communica
tion between American and Spanish residents of the
island towns and the Filipinos all over the archipelago
who are under arms and, as ex-President Harrison
puts it, "submitting with difficulty to the Divine will."
TROUBLE IN M0N1LA.
in no wise to diplomacy. Soldiers will settle itiini the
first place, and then it will be' left to statesmen' to
show what they can do to reconcile the conquered to
accept the King of Great Britain <-\nd Emperor of
India as "Supreme Lord of and over the Transvaal:"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 11)01.
• •
4
In the savage quarrel between' his . . the
•Mayor and the local yellow sheet the public .certainly
has one subject for congratulation. An expose of the
secrets of such a combination can contribute to noth
ing else but, the public good. "It is sincerely to be
hoped that the- fight will not end quickly.
¦ ,- « .¦¦-¦•.» —¦-¦¦ • ¦•¦ -¦ ,
•The Russian-Prince "who dipped into journalism
and -killed himself- because his paper was suppressed
"must have seen one 'of the 'American yellow sheets,
and realized. that if they arc tolerated anything he
might have done was. virtue to be justified only by
self-murder. ¦ «.¦?..' ¦...'¦ ¦;.: '¦¦' .-•¦"
" ¦ ' ' ' '» -••'¦¦•¦ '¦¦ " 'i'" *¦'-" -i ¦ '¦' '¦¦
! '. .Tlve police 'officer /who *\\ss detailed .to guard the
city treasury and Was found sound asleep at s his pos:
probably caught his inspiration from that famous epi
sode ' in v whic J hMiis Highness" the Mayor j'heft.cd"\iim •'
self inter a' watchdog of *the" ' treasury" who didn't
watch. ;.•? ¦ :"•'•;-'¦/ ; ¦¦ .¦;¦»••¦.'
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS I ANSWERS TO QUERIES
-BY SALLY SHARP -
ANEMIA
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Choice candles. Townsenrt's. Palace Hotel. •
Cal. glace frvit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
¦ m « - ' . .
Valentines for old and young: the best
we have ever shown. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
Best eyeglasses, specs. 13c to 4<Vr. t,oolc
out for SI 4th. front of barber and grocery.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business- houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 5ia iiont-
comery at. Telephona Main 1042. •
1 • ¦
Love, In the life of romance. Is a beau-
tiful butterfly, but Its wlnirs are often
sinped ivhen it flutters around the flarm*
of material experience.
Skimmed mfflc has got into the indus-
tries, and it is now found to b© worth
more to papermakers than five . cents a
AUCTION SAI.ES.
By V."ra. G. Laynr — Monday, February 11, Horses and
Mules, at 711 Howard street.
AMUSEMENTS.
California — "Tese of the d'Urbervilles."
Oriiheum — Vaudeville.
Orand Opera-house — "L'Alglon."
AJcazar— "A Night Off." v
Tivoii— "Nell Gwyr.ne."
Central— •'After iJark."
Olyrci^ta. ccrner Ma.- n and EiJdy streets— !=recialtiej=.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins.
rifcher" s— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Henschel's Recital.
Columbia— Benefit of the Charity Fund >f the Theatrical
Mechanics* Association. Eunday afternoon.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
AT HOTEL DEL CORONADO the season is
now on at full tide. American and European
plans. . B«»t of everything.'; Including tho char-
acter of entertainment, j Apply 4 New Montgom-
ery st, city,' for special ticket.
The face alone is" no sure
index of- health; but head-
ache and dizziness, no ambition,
no force, no endurance, short
breath, palpitation of the heart
on little exertion — these with
a pale face, are a clear indica-
tion of what is wrong.. There
is too little red in the blood/
There is too little vital force.
It is life that'is wanting.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil supplies it.
Well seed yon a little to try, if yoa Eke. • j
SCOTT & BOWKE, 409 P Mr l street, N'ew YorS.Coquelln can express himself more than
fairly well in English, butyls blissfully
Ignorant of tho colloquialisms of our
tongue. - •
"What do you think of our highballs?"
was the first question a yellow journalist
put to him yesterday.
"Highball." repeated Coquelln: "what is
a highball?" And then when it was ex
plained to the actor that a highball was
a drink of whisky and soda served in a
long glass he put his hand upon hl3 heart
and solemnly assured tne interviewer, in
classic French, that "never In his life,
upon his honor, had he tasted a. highball."
Then the yellow journalist graciously told
him he spoke "French very well and very
distinctly." and the actor, still with his
hand on his heart, explained that acting
was an art. and the first requisite of his
art was to speak distinctly.
Coquelln spent his first Sunday in town
qu.etly. He went around to the theater
and then returned home and passed the
day in reading.
'Madam Bernhart went out for a drive
in the afternoon. Before she got started
Madam Bernhardt is confident that
Americans do not know their Shakes
peare, and declares that- Is the reason
they would have none of her "Hamlet."
Monsieur' Coquelln also has his opinions
on Americans In regard to Shakespeare.
"When It comes to Shakespeare." says
the great French actor, "you Americans
are more royal than the King," more Eng
lish than the English. Shakespeare is sa
cred to you. You have your pronounced
ideas as to how a role should be treated,
and you not only will not tolerate a dif
ferent conception, but will not com© to
Bee one." ' ¦
When Coquelln. speaks of Rostand and.
of "Cyrano" he grows eloquent. His face
lights up and his voice takes on a tender
°"It Is the greatest play that ever was
written," said- Coquelln. "I never weary
of It The more I play it the more I love
It. I look upon "Cyrano" as the greatest
moral lesson the stage teaches. It teaches
a lesson on nobility of soul, courage and
the beauty of sacrifice."
Sarah Bernhardt can soeak a little Eng
lish but ehe declines to, for, she says,
"English will spoil my. accent, and when
I return to Paris they will say I have. an
American accent.','
did say that she did not consider the Pal
ace "anything to speak of much, and
that really It was ridiculous that they
would not let her have her dogs with her.
"I do not believe that San Francisco
hotel managers are well bred. ", she said.
••j.ne first thingr a well bred pe*rson does Is
to be gracious to strangers. I do not call
it gracious to tell me that I may not have
my dogs with me. I am naturally timid
and am In the habit of havlntc a doe In
my room at night.
"What do you think of a hotel." said
Madam Sar^h. "that takes your doss from
you and does not even have a vase In
which you may arrange your flowers? But
then. I believe, this Is a strange town. I
bring my < own coachman with me. and
when I hire a carriage they will not per
mit him to drive. 'No,' says the carriage
company: 'your man cannot drive; our
man -must.' However," went on Madam
Sarah, "I shall have all that remedied to
morrow. 1 1 shall send word to the car
jiage company to this effect: 'If I smash
your carriage I shall pay for it: if I kill
one of your horses I* shall see that you
are duly recompensed.' "
When madam had finished her chapter
of woes she turned to her art.
"I have no I preference for any of the
parts that I play. I love -them all. If I
did not I would not play them. L'Alglon
Is one o{ the most fatiguing roles I play.
It is the longest I have ever played. To
play it I had my hair cut short. To wear
a wig through such a long, trying part
was too much of a strain. My hair is so
thick and curly that . you cannot tell
whether it Is long or short"
incidentally the Divine Sarah Declares That San Francisco Hotel Managers Are "Not Gen
tlemen" Because She May Not Have Her Dogs in Her Rooms.
BERNHARDT AND COQUELIN ARRIVE
IN TOWN AND SPEAK OF THEIR ART
STOCKTON, Feb. 10.— Results at Good
water Grove to-day:
Opening run-down — Springtime beat Mies
Manila: Dolando b*at Thunderbolt; Fireball
l*fct Pink of Fashion; Sir Lawrence beat
Firesld*; Lord Dunmore beat Ca,sh Day; On
ward biat Prince or Fashion: Little Beauty
lieat Va- Gold; Glen Roy beat IJarpipe; Tap
Out beat ForKlve; Mamie Pleasant beat Scotch
Reel; <^i«>n Cfcloe beat Lily Wright; Joker beat
Sally Hrass.
First ties— Fireball beat Springtime; Sir
Lawrenc* heat Dolando; Onward beat Lord
Dunmore; Glen Roy beat Little Beauty; Tap
Out beat Mamie Pleasant; ulcn Cbloe beat
Forgrive.
Second ties— Sir Lawrence beat Fireball; Glen
Hoy beat Onward- Top Out beat Glen Chloe.
Third ties— Sir Lawrence beat Glen Roy; Tap
Out •* bye.
Final — E!r Lawrene« beat Tap Out.
consolation stake— Mamie Pleasant first, Lily
Tlflr»it second. Thunderbolt third.
Coursing at Stockton.
H. C. "vVentworth, a- horseman, recently
from New York, was arrested in Stockton
yesterday by Detective Crockett" and
brought to this city. He is charped with
felony . - embezzlement. C. E. Grosjetin.
charges that he gave the prisoner a horse
to sell some time ago and that the latter
appropriated the proceeds of the sale,
$125,/ to his own use. ' _
Alleged Embezzler Caught
One Firm Employs Armed, Men to
Resist Land Jumpers at
Salton.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 10.— George Dur
brow, the "King of Salton," says little
about the conditions at the salt works,
but he has been making quiet prepara
tions to checkmate land Jumpers and If
the land Jumpers prove as determined a3
Durbrow and his partner, Clinton Wor
"den, there will be trouble at Salton. If
peaceful arguments will riot suffice Dur
brow Is prepared to enforce what he be
lieves to be his own and his . partner's
rights with violence. He has hired In'
Los Angeles four men accustomed to the
handling of firearms in any emergency,
and these men will proceed to-morrow
afternoon to Salton, there to hold the
fort against all comers. If it be found
these men are not enough others will be
engaged and the disputed salt fields will
be held at all hazards.
Hostilities may not break out at once.
Unless the land jumpers are cowed by
the Durbrow display of force. they un
doubtedly will- call for similar assistance,
and in that e\-ent there may be a minia
ture war on the works at Salton. It Is
not" believed that Durand will > tamely
stand by or allow himself to.be run off
the works without making as strong an
effort as Durbrow and. Worden are put
ting forth to retain that alternate section
which did not belong to the Southern Pa
cific. .-. :
BLOOD MAY BE SHED
ON THE SALT FIELDS
The British steamer Royalist, Captain
Tlerney, arrived last night , from Oyster
Bay with a cargo of 6800 tons of coal.
She will commence ' discharging at Fol
som-street wharf this morning. When
the Royalist leaves for New Zealand pn
her next trip ehe will take a load of rail
road cars. . in sections. [
Steamer Royalist Arrives.
Plumber Frtirmuth Admits That He
Told a Serious Lie About .
His Competitor. /•; y
Charles Freirmuth, a plumber residing
at 1S79 Union street, appeared in a bad
light Saturday at the Inquest upor; the
body of Richard Schwartz, who died last
Tuesday night of a fractured skull. He
was obliged, when placed on the witness
stand, to admit that he had slandered
George P. Haub, a rival plumber at 1879
Union street.
Shortly after the death of Schwartz had
been reported to the police, Friermuth
circulated a story that he could produce
several witnesses to show that Haub had
struck Schwartz In the latter* s butcher
shop .at 19S7 Union street: that Schwartz
walked a block with blood streaming from
his head, and that he, Friermuth, knew
two men who had tracked the blood stajns
from Schwartz's shop to the place where
he fell unconscious. Detective Thomas
Gibson Interviewed Friermuth and wa.s
told the same story, but when he was
pressed for the names of his witnesses
Friermuth declined any further Informa
tion. On the stand yesterday Friermuth
admitted that there was no truth in the
story. Mr. Haub was not near the local
ity at the time and his frjends say that he
secured a eontract a short time ago that
Friermuth was bidding upon.
The testimony showed that Schwartz
fell in an apoplectic fit and struck the
back of his head heavily upon an iron
cesspool cover.
HAUB IS SLANDERED
BY BUSINESS RIVAL
when she laughs she shows her gums, but
In Fplte of that there is a subtle charm
about her smile and her laugh Is as happy
as that of a child. She is never still for
a moment. She speak3 with her hands,
her arms, her shoulders, her whole being.
Her face and her entire person express
as much as her tongue. She seems contin
uallj r to be restraining some great nervous
force within that Is struggling for utter
ance. -
•ivvidam Bernhardt knew she was sneak
ing for publication, and yet she never'
once said "dear old San Francisco." She
she had a lensthy interview with the car
riage company's driver, who stubbornly
refused to let her own private coachman
handle the reins. While the actress was
arguing with the driver a crowd gathered
in the Palace courtyard and watched the
scene with close interest.
JIME. SARAH BERNHARDT AND M. COQUEJ,IN, THE FAMOUS FRENCH THEATRICAL STARS, • WHO AR
RIVED IN SAN FRANCISCO YESTERDAY. THEY WILL BEGIN THEIR SEASON AT THE GRAND OPERA
HOUSE TO-NIGHT IN "L'AIGLON." , ' .-
God made them. No one ever called Bern
hardt beautiful, but everybody who comes
Into her presence must admit the charm
of her personality. Her eyes are small
and they pierce, but they caress at the
same time. Her upper lip Is short and
Madam Sarah's figure Is that of a young
woman. She stands erect, graceful, sup
ple. She has no "kangaroo" waist, but 13
as great artists have modeled women— as
Gowned all In white satin of a peculiar
texture that was soft and clinging and
bhiny. yet without any shimmer, the great
French woman greeted her Interviewers.
She stood under the glare of the electric
light with the assured posture of a wo
man whom age cannot wither. Her face
is round and what she allows to be seen
of it uimrinkled. A frowsy mass of tawny
hair completely hides har brow, and any
telltale linen that may be writ thereon.
A hirh collar of lace fits snugly round
the neck, climbing up behind the ears to
the hair line and circling close to a chin
that Is just beginning to roll double. A
few fine. haJrlike wrinkles circle her eyes,
but even a rival actress would not say
that Madame Bcrnhardt looked a day over
thirty-flve.
said. "But you see she loves them"
and then he broke off abruptly: word had
come frpm the divine Sarah that she
would be happy to receive the press rep
resentatives.
SARAH BERNHARDT. M. Coque
lin and their supporting company
arrived In town yesterday morn
ing, and In less than a half hour
the divine Sarah had changed her
hotel, developed a. grievance and decided
that San Francisco hotel managers were
not jfentlemen. And all this because of
two fox terriers cf no particular pedigree.
"You can't have thoso dogs In your
room, madame," said the manager of ihe
California Hotel. "It Is against the rnles
cf the house."
The divine Sarah said nary a •word. She
just rrabbed those dogs. Gathered up
her Fklrts and ordered her retinue to fol
low her to the Palace.
At the Palace it was the same story.
"No dogs allowed" is what they told the
ETeat actress, who, seeing there was
nothing else to be done, bowed to the
Inevitable and let her dogs be relegated
to the baggage-room. *
Marcus Mayer first told the story.
"It was terribly cad." said he. "There
were tears In Mme. Sarah's eyes. But
she is a philosopher, so she said nothing
and submitted. "
Mayer's voice trembled and there Is no
telllcp what might have happened If at
that moment he had not thought of the
dogs.
"They are plain, ordinary dogrs." he
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1901. «
5
ATffTrsTCMTrms. •
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
CURTAIN RISES at 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO. and WALTER MO-
ROSCO Announce the- Farewell Ap-
pearance In This City of
MME. SARAH^BERiyiHARDT
M.tOQUELIN,
Under the Direction of "}
air. mAURicB <r.f*r\u.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY. V!"*
CommenclnK TO-NIGHT \ . '
IN ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC POEM.
For « Nights and UT > A IfT HW
sItur1a d / y Ma a 5ne«, L AlljLUiN
OR. THE EAGLET.
SEATS OX SALE at Box OfHce. GnaJ
Opera-house, and at Branch Ticket
Office, Emporium.
PRICES— $1 50. $2. S3 and H. - Boxes. S39. $21
and 112. General Admission. iZ. Gallery. Jl.
Sunday Evening. February 17.
"PHEDRE" and
"LES PRECIEUSES RIDICULES"
MME. BERNHARDT and M. COQUELIN
Will Appear at Every Performance.
Seats on Sale for This Performance THI3
MOItNIXG. For Second Week Thursday.
LAST WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MRS. FISKE
TO-NIGHT, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY
NIGHTS. .
TESS cf the D'URBSRVILLES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATTTRDAY
NIOHTS. AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
"BECKY &HARP."
. . •' SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Next Sunday Afternoon— "THE WAIFS Of
NEW TORK."
Resumption 0* Our Usual Popular Prices.
CALIFORNIA TBEATER-Special.
PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT
Encasement In San Francisco of the World"!
pisttasulshed Violinist.
Leonora Jackson,
IN TWO RECITALS ONLY.
AFTERNOONS ot Feb. IS and »0.
Assisted by
MISS JOSEPHINE ELBURNA, Soprano,
MB. SELOOHRAn, Accompanist.
PRICES— $1 53. $1 and 50c
Sale of seats begin* Thursday moraine at the
box of flee of the California. Theater.
A Bill Guaranteed to Please Evarybody.
IDALENE COTTON AND NICX LONG.
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER, GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE. MURRAY A>'D LANE.
TCATHKYN OSTEUMAN. LIZZIE AND
VINIE DALY. EMPIRE CITY QUARTET.
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
¦ LAST "WEEK OP
THE NINE NELSONS.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Op«r»
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Snnd*y.
SECOND WEEK— BIO HIT!
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2. FUN AND MUSIC GALORE!
" N r s ; PLANQUETTE' S
NELL
GWYNNE!
Coming— WIZARD OB 1 THE NILE. Wlta
"HOOT MON" WHEELAJ*.
POPULAR PRICES K and SO etnt»
Telephone— Bush 9.
No Performance To-night or Tuesday Nlsht.
POPULAR CONCERTS
Wednesday. Matln«e and Night... February 13
Thursday, Matinee and Night February 1*
Friday, Matinee and Nl*ht February 13
Saturday, Matinee and Night February 18
SOUSA
AND HIS BAND 5^W^ "
BLANCHE DUFFIELD.. Soprano '^^^^
BERTHA BUCKLIN VloUnlste <_\ iHiP
THE NEW SOUSA MARCH
"HAIL TO THE SPIRIT OF LIBERTY."
PRICES-MV. 73c. 11.00. $1.30.
• Next— Sunday Afternoon. February 1? — "UN-
CLE JOSH SPRCCEBT."
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK. Hf,'
A ; iUGUsra
NIGHT DALrs
iNIUnl BRIGSTEST
OFF! _ mm -'
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week-'TVHAT HAPPENED TO
JONES."
BEZASCQ Amo THALC&jfctffe
titt&fc CITY HAM
Phone South £23
Beginning TO-NIGHT— Every Ev*g Th«« Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Grand Production. Win. A, Brady's Fanumi
Success,
AFTER DARK.
By Wllltle Collins and Dion Bouclcault.
Cf?pr The London dock scene with real
OLL water, boats, eta. the tunnel scene
with the "Flying Scotchman" and the music
hall scene. introducing specialties, boxing
matches, etc.
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 12c 23c. 33c, Mo
miWCj Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "CHIMMIE FADDEN."
SHERMAN, CLA^S CO.'S HALL
TO-MORROW. WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY
AFTERNOONS. February 12. 13. 13.
GODOWSKY
THE 'GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— 12. Jl SO and II. On sale at
Sherman. Clay * Co/s. $
THE HENSCHELS.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
FOURTH RECITAL THIS
EVENING at 8:15.
Fifth Recital Next Wed. Afternoon at 1:15.
Last Recital Next Thursday Evening at 8:15.
PRICES— 73c, $1. fl GO. $3. Seats on sale at
Sherman. Clay & Co.. Sutter and Kearny.
ADVEBTISTiiVrKNTa.
' ¦ ¦ ¦
TELEPHONE «Ali¥f&S
L«LI*»'^*i' & CO.
: 222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY—TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Eggs, finest table 2 tfoz 45c
Every one guaranteed. Last week. 27^0
and SOc doz.
Coffee, "Kona"£f- M\ 20c Ib
* Ground or roasted, from Sandwich Isl-
ands. Is no longer an experiment; a
coffee of an exceptional fine Eavor for
¦ little money.
White -Wins, & ' 65c gal
Sonoma Riesling. Of a beautiful
bouquet.
Asparagus, £!*• 35c each
Limited quantity. In glass Jars.
Hickmott's finest packing:.
Jams and Jellies, !£¦ jar 2Gc
* Best home-made. R«. tfQZ $2.00
Frankfurter Sausage 35c tin
Imported— 6 In tin. Reg. 43c . "
Bate Powdsr 33c Ib can
Absolutely pure. "New Era." Res. 43c.
Figs, California 2 lbs 15c
In 1-lb pfcgs; beat Ift lit hflv 700
quality; reg. 10c Ib. HMD DO* lUl>
Ro:k and Bye Whiskey 85c bet
Absolutely pure; good for cold and
cough; reg. |1.CO.
flllwae Stuffed with peppers. jn« fc fl f
U!ll3Sj Eastern packing. 'UC UUl
Prunes, Italian 3 lbs 25c
Large size. Reg. 13c Ib.
Bay Rum . reg qt 75c — 60c
Finest quality.
Herring in Wina Sacce . 25c tin
Reg. SOc. A delicacy.
Owes. El*' 35c doz
. Choicest navel; largest size.
Horseradish Mustard J 15c Jar
j Bayle's. Reg. 20c.
SMOKE LEBEXBACM'S FINE CIGARS.
1 AHEAD CF ALL COMPETITORS. |
% ©
9 " I ©
& • ' •
S THE 1QO1 S
1 TRIBUNE BICYCLES I
9 — — O
9 9
O HAVE ARRIVED. 9
& . •
% Racer, Weighs 20 lbs - $50 J
"2 Roadster $40 g
I LEAVITT & BILL, I
© 9
O 309 LARKIN STREET. ©
a ©
Nearly everybody seems to be talcing Prof. Man-
i yon's i.old Cure whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so qnickly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe,
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Cure
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as sure. Mostly 35c. vial. Guide to
I Health free. Munvnn. New York and Philadelphia.
MimO.VS I MI ALEE CUBES C1TAUBH.
Dfll A OF These hotels pos-
rfll A III" sess the attributes
nLnuL. that tourIsts and
Ann travelers appreciate
flllU —central location,
PDA Mil liberal manage-
UllnnU ment, modern dp-
llffcTfl O pointments and
Hl itLoi p crfect cuisins
I1U I L.UUJ American and Eu-
Sail FranSJSCO. ropean plans.
DR.METERS&CO. ' .JfSfr*
Specialists, Disease §^^ r ' i
and weakness of uS& .-,
men. Established E«|
. 1SS1. Consultation \Tffk 'j&Py&f'
' and . private book vSaV \ /«>!
1 free, at oiflce or by iSuL*!
t mail. Cures guar- ivWtvliaFT! *
I anteed. 7M Mar- NSBkP^
i ket street (elevator jL^WJ^'iai
entrance), San >ffiy /ii^Sgi&w
Francisco.
~ AMUSEMENT^ •
chutIesTnTzoo
EVERT. AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE HAWAIIAN QUARTET, SWOB,
McGBEEVY AND SWOB, MAZIE
MITCHELL, McSOELEY AND
WHITNEY, GEORGE IJT7NBAR,,
BERT SWOB, NEW MOVING
PICTUBES.
Thursday Niglit, the Amateurs
In ANOTHER NOVELTY.
Telephone for " Seats— Park 23.
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
IOC*— WINTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. 11 TO FEB. 23. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, ' Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day * Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
. Races etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
11-30, 1. 1:30, 2. 1:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
T.lth trains stopping at the entrance t> the
track. L^ist two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoklnr. Buy youi
ferry tickets to Shell. Mound. All tsalns Via
Oakland mole connect* with San Pab& avenue
c-ltctrlc cars at Seventh and Broad-wuy, Oak-
land. -Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
rect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
ecd Broadway, Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
- Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
-THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
? R. . B. . MILROY, ¦ Secretary. "
FTQf!HFR'<?' con cert house:
LA MONT JUVENILE CO. and F*lry Ballet,
Fred and Mrs.'Georgle Cooper, AH Zada. Su«
Earl. John Whalen, Lillian Levey and the
Marcos. ,
. •- Resetved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery street. •
The nervous system is the fountain from which flows the very
essence of life. The strength of the muscles, the impulses of the
jhearl, the motion of the blood and tho power of /the brain are
derived jfrom the nerves. When overwork, worry, sickness, strain,
anxiety, loss of sleep or improper diet have worn out the nervous
strength the whole body suffers. Headache, lost appetite, nerv-
'ousness, irritability of temper, insomnia, depression of spirits and
general wakness and debility^follow. There is a new life, new
(Strength and restored health for those v/ho seek relief in the right
.way. Dr. Miles' Nervine offers the quickest,' surest' and best
irelief for a worn-out nervous system. , Try it /
. . *'l w so nervous and worn-out from long sickness
that I could -'not sleep. The least noise would almost •
drive me crazy and I waa so fidgety that I could not be
quiet. I had wasted away dreadfully, but after I com-
, ;¦;. menced taking Dr. Miles' Nervine" I slept soundly,^ my
nerves grew steady ana I gained sixty pounds in a few
* nontna «' t Mrs. JL B. MoKRKLi, Axc6la,.llla
¦ (Soothqsthe tired Drain, quiets nervous irritation, stimn-
. , ; lates the digestion, brings sweet, refreshing sleep. /and
<"-**' puts new lite and Ttgox ; into the Twhole system, ..^ "'
Bold by tirugglsta on •? guarantee, . Dm. Mass Medxcax, <*£ Elkhart* Ini
In IKS 6.214^7,000 pieces of mall matter
were handled in tho '> United ¦ States, of
vbich 2,825,767,000 were letters.
when
it's
theres
f^s|g|iyM none
V. h&^f spare
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmealeven. Tho first pnme was won bv the
Mnier «fc Zobelelns» hy a score of s* to i
In the second game the I^vys won by a
scoro of 12 to 5. A home run by Hanlou
of the Maler & Zobeleins was tho feature
of tho eam<\ In the second game the
Levys distinguished themselves by earn
ing five runs in the second inninp. Scores:
First game: R h - f-
Maler * Zobeleins g" "" ,
Levyj. ; « ; . S
Ratterles-Babhltt and AJam?: Hartwelt and
Lohman. Lmptrc — Early.
Second came: R h e
I.evys j2 ii' i
Maler «¦ Zobeieln* 5 $:-£-?' 4
Rattrrles.— Iburt an.1 Lohman; Sall^bary and
Adaro». Umpire— Earlr. .
Stanford Defeats Santa Clara.
SANTA CLARA, Feb. 10.-In the ball
game yesterday on the Sodality Ath
letic Association's campus between Stan
ford and Santa Clara College the score
was 9 to 5 in favor of Stanford.
Levys and the Maier & Zobeleins
DOUBLE-HEAJDER PLAYED.
Win a Game Each.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 10.— The Levys and
the Maler & Zobelelns olayed two grames
to-day at Washington Gardens and broke
Sixth race-MaEEle Tavis, Dollle Wclthoft,
Tttjuron.
Tanforan Park Selections.
First race-EdlnborouKh. Novla, Donator.
Secon.1 race—Rory Ough, Marasichlno. Luclen
a rri*"by.
Third rare—Genua. Carter H. Harrison Jr.,
Tlng-a-Llng.
Fourth race—Joo Frcy, Advance Guard, Gon
talon.
Firth race—Tvirmant. Castake. Locochee.
Sixth racc-I^ Bcrpia. Rainier, Lamachus. -
TO SAIL.
MONDAY. FEBRUART 11.
Sua rises »
fen sets •..".'".'."".'.¦.*.¦."'.*. i : .«
Moon rl»>s (third quarter) V.V." fl":M "*V n£
- Bun, Moon and Tide.
Crfted EUt«» Coast acd ' C*o<J»tlc Surrey
.Ttaai aad Uel^hu of HI«h, aSTjS.
NOTE— In tie abor* exposition of "tfte'tllis
the early rromlr.c tides «r« gfvenin'tv left
hand eclumn »n.1 the siK-yv»<«srve ttdas o£ tia
day In U»e order of occurrence as to tin* ii
day, the U^rd time column gives tfce Uat tI4o
of Hj» dar. «xc«i»t ifhcn there are twt lira*
tl<Uu. as rcmrttnur* occur^^ The heisSt* cjvan
ar« tn addition to th» f«>um!tnK« en the Unite I
fitmte* Co*« Sur\-ey chart-., except *H«b a
mtau» »i!ra <-) r>rece<}es the hetot and Uien
the cumber riven la subtracted from' the Jepth
«lT*n by Of charts. The ptar.ft of r«fer«a^»
U th* toeaa cf the lower row waters.
awajr foremast heaJ, fnaJntopmast and C>1cff
Jib»tar. .
_ • Sunday. February 19.
SUnr Pant* Rcs»a. Alexander. San Die*o.
Ftmr Rureka. Jesven. rtireka.
>tmr Pute of California, Jejwen, Victoria,
HanalH. Green. Honolulu,
J;Mf> Euterr*. S*an»on. Melbourne.
Schr Lllr. Bcttter. VmpQua River.
TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT 1/>BOS. Feb I*— 10 p. m.— Weather
clear, wlaa west; velocity 8 mi.es.
I5OMEST1C PORTS.
PAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb lft-Cer uhlp Ed
mund, frcra Saata Rosalia, la a leaking condi
tion, i ¦ . . . .
CCX5S BAT-S«41e<J Feb l(v-Schr Monterey.
fcr San Francl»<so.
SEATTLE— Called Feb »-Er «tmr %nctortaja.
f0 J. T A i*fJ»: «»r Cfettare C»y. for Sltka.
_ El REKA-Salled Feb l&-8tiar Scotia, for
Ean Francisco.
A^TORIA-Sailed Feb 18-Br ship Province,
for Queenstown; stmr Alliance,' for San Fran
cisco. .
NEAH BAT-P»mnJ in Feb l»-«hlt> Bohe
kjIa, km Jm •!,. f cr Oyjter Harbor; stmr
"-i* 0 "* 1^- hfac * Feb 6; for Seattle.
.SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Rainier,
hence Feb 6.
VENTURA— Sailed Feb • 10-Stsjr Coroaado,
fcr ?*n Franclscc*.
¦ PORT TOWNSENIV-Artred Teb 19-SehV
Jefca O North, heace Jaa S3; nchr.W F WIt*e
tnar.r., hencp Jan Sa. * -
OCEAN STEHMKRSI :
NEW TORK-ArrlTed Feb lfr-Stmr La
CfcaxcjiagTse,. frca - Havre. rot»d*m, Ro«er<!aia
rounds -In the face and head, lie was
huntlns v.?n.r the Alamoda marshes with
some companions, nnd Another hunter in
r boat near hy discharged fcls P»n. The
charge of shot struck young Johnson In
stead of the ducks. He came to the city
ns quickly ns possible and Dr. Morrison
extracted the pellet?. He was not serious
ly Tvounded. •
Shipping: Intellig-ence.
ARRIVED
Sunday, Fe^TU•ry 13.
Simr NVwburc, Peterson, €6 hoars from
Qr*;-» Harbor.
StmY Pomona. Phea, IS hours from Eureka,
Sirar Glcuy, Leland, 24 hours from i!c*»
Landlnr. <
Stmr Coast. OJsen. IS hour* from Mes
doolno.
fiBir Coquil»e River, Tfeoiarscn, TS hours
from Gray* Harbor.
Stmr Geo Loomts, Brodrett. SI bours from
Ner.tura. i ,
Stmr Oueen. Thotr.arf, ii hf>nr* from San
T">i*ro and «-»r rxvrt*.
Stmr R*nlia. Nopaader. 66 hour* from New
.^rt and way port*.
Sursr. Aberdeen. Haascn, tS heser* frcm En
¦•ka.
?tmr Arro, Ilucaes, SI heer* from OoouJlIe
vt\»r.
Stmr N«*-sbor. OhUtrca. » bc«r» troa Eu
eka.
RETCRNED.
Sunday. F>bruary 16. -
geftr MaTfl.-»«XT. Gndnaaa*oa. - hence Feto S.
r «A>c««)e Rlvr r. Oa Feh. I at 10 p tn. M
. «» off Tolct Arena, in N\T gale, carried
CAITA1N It. v\ HOrPl.KTTi:
brmjd'st Jn ti-.r new ursrofr S'.crra
« f tho Oorar.'.c isr.e OB faturday
n'.^ht nllrr a clrt?e» to the record
trip fr.'iir* HonololO, ortmlnc up
from that port !n five day5 and fnurtrcn
hour*. Th«! rtm from Sydnry took twenty
thrre <*.s>*. She brtnci a carirA at nearly
*«v> ir.nr and n We p*xwnprr lt»t.
A *U«ht «<x-Mrm i<» one cf th<» cylinder
hrBil* durinsr t!"<* '«"l n delajTd the voyajre
fnr «» f*"« bMTl « s aptiiln Itowdlctte say*
thr burked aCataM «rr>jts5nR the
UKf Th* 8 rr^rtrd *how* that th»
Sirnj left e>-drrv «n January K and h»d
hrnA wa* and 'hick weather until Auck
land w»» rra'-t'.rd. on Jan»jary 2ft. The
Ifft tho r.f\l <l*y and »rrt\-ed at
IV^en PaVrt **-n J*nuar>- fA. ' From ,ih*»r«« io
Honolulu fir!*» tsraihir »aj«
that pcin; twJr.R rrachod oa February 2.
For thtr* flav* afirr lra\-lr.« Hnnnlu'.u th*>
m«i w.< '. -t'A and Ihe «lnd strvins. but
,..--.« headway «»» tr.adr. T^e paswnirera
»rr» «* fo!lt»«r*:
FiviR* PjiSr.f>— K. C XV"hurej-, Cojon*!
•n,oir.«« Enr«»A- II. »' >*?*»# II H. Htnty,
»ohn M*»jr. K. Rlokard, Ml** K. O.^rdon, M«m
\f rv»*r W. IVtM-, Mr». tV«*r *n«l o}»»J<i,
«d <>ntrr,i"w. Mr*. <*!<! O»mrr.t*.-n. William
J «*i*. J Pr.V.rrick, F. J. M«v«a*, C. «V>r>
F-r>*i'ex It. C IV<«n«n. Mlw Rer.nle, \!s»:n
«n4 WirV IUnr.!»>. Ml»» B A. Pmlih. D. Ar.»-
K Opttla C»*rle» n«^V. J«n»«. AMenfj,
X* J. Tenr.ar.t, Ullfj- Sim* *n« »i>, J. E.
n.xx-ke. I. Ooclfellow, F. EJrlck. VT. W.
<*l*rk. Mr*. Mullln and «1»uirhter», Mrs. Major
Batttvaa, Wi Jam««*, I.. Jr>r«lan.
From AuikUr.d-V".. H. ra(tci-*cn. Mr». O.
W. 8. Patt#r*<>n. \V. K. l.ir.Knr.1. Q. II. lj»mb
*v>n. A. F. EJ*»r, William Towle, W. A.
lUm, l^irton HUI. Mr*. K. Oomars, A. Me-
Krrrow, J«. B. Jackson, W. Sv Rjtchie. J. A.
nrwtvrt*. Ml*!« H. Ruffle, Ml*» M. Ruffle, Ml»»
!+**<.<• TrDf.wd. J. C Thompson, Charles
Frr>m I'a^-o rapft— X. It. IVxMh. J. W. Jex.
H. lV>lo. A. TrntSall, K. S. But* «n<l *Ife,
Mr». I, NewUnd*.
Frvtn Honotiiiu— Mn«. rW, P. IViyd. MIw
Ky»n, r. K. KneNv, R. s. Br*w»t*r, Mr».. V.
I, TriMiv, f»r. K. K. B*»m»n. O. W. t'Urdner.
T. U. S!r«rn« ors.l »ltr. \V. R. And
»1>. Mn. n. J. T^ibr**Vle, J. 1\ MoCoy F.
r>. STOUh, I>r. Shikit»u. Mr*. O. t.. lUncrofl,
Mr». II. Rhode*. Mr*. W. ». tUile.v. Mlw
I'^tSry. C» \V. Modern. Mr*. C. \V. M*cfar-
I«tw\ J. l^tKk}-. A. A. Oroiw. B. M. «5«!omon.
Mr«. >.v..<-r.,-n, K4 J.<-ui». M. Grern, Judrr
SiUlm«n. Mr*. T. AMrltV. B. Carter, wlft
•nd cWMrrn, J<>hn «'Jllli* ! ». Joseph C T«vJ.-ir
It. 1^ lia*h.. Mr». II. 1^ im*h. Mr*, j; k
I**1n, Mr*. F. J. Mc<h«nr, William Me
««»nift. vv. R. Water* Mr». W. R. Waters'
p. W. IVirr.Mfe, F. F> Pirnnan, Thorwa* lUw
hr<v4i. Mm. I,. Cu»na**«. \\» tV>rdc\n Mr«
«'. H»fV;r» Mr*. A. F*«fr. arsd twenti -tfcrc^
In »h# ««>r**».
Boy Hunter Is Wounded,
Charle* Johnson, a Jad about. 1« v<*- }
ef «*e. living at f4S HA»jr<i *tr*«t , W*
trrated at the Harbor Era*nw>nev »«j
r«Al yesterday for a number of sunshti
Steamer, Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
• and Boulogne; stxnr Umbria. from Liverpool
and Queenstowa. Salled-Sunr . Staatendam.
for Bouldme and Rotterdam; stinr Minneapo
lis, for London.
SUEZ— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Glenlochr, from
Tacoma, via Pincanore. via Liverpool.
QUEEN STOWN— Sailed Feb 10-Stmr Servla.
i from Liverpool, for New York.
1 PORTLAND. Maine— Arrived Feb Ifr-Stmr
Dominion, from Liverpool.
LIVKRrOOL— Arrived Feb 1&-Stmr Etrurla.
from New York, via Queenrtoxrn. *
STEAMSHIP SIERRA MAKES A SPLENDID TRIP FROM THE ANTIPODES
Water* at Fcrt Point, entrance to Saa
EEi!?? 1 * 0 , Sf 7 e ******** by cticM aS
t^ortty of th« Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occta- at tS>»
nve sunutes late; thaa at Fort p.i. t . ,»;_
height of tide l, the^ana'at »£h JuSJi
Abandons Rc^nttsi.
AI.AMK1»A. Feb. IV-The Alamrda
JVatlr.e «*i!;h ! a* abandonc! i!* repmta.
«h»<-h had brm t!xc4 for Krhruar> 22.
Mrs. Nichols Sues for Divorce.
SEATTLE. Fob. Ii).— The* once happy
home of Mr. ard Mrs. John B. Nichols.
who were married in San Francisco In
November. 1S3.1. has been broken up, and
the result is found in a divorce suit filed
in the Superior Court yesterday. Mrs.
Nichols, the plaintiff, accuses her hus
band of havlns deserted her without causw*
five year? agrt. Mr. Nichola has >been
served with a summons at the Santa
Anita ranch, near Los Angeles.
(lfimRInifmiiiiter ....111, 157S Coming Event.. S"
1«SJ Th«« Ruffivm....in* RM* frchfn 1W
lTM Jw Rlpley i<^| im Alleviate Ifto
1«45 Spike 9? IMS Jolly nrlton... S9
17S4 Kfo Shannon.... 9» 1TT0 S«n> Howard... !*»
Flxlh race- Sis furlong; four-yctr-olds nnd
up; *ellinpi
1T3T D<il. Wpithflfr.-IPJ, 17S4 Montallnde TTTTkM
1715 Mnceio r>avt5..liV>i ItlS Grand S»cherr..l04
17S0 Mruintilee 10|! 1775 Good Hope 10S
1<!T3 Tlbunn ., 104: 17S0 rre*tldl!Titfi.;or.lOl
u:«)J<Mid no:
Oakland Selections.
First racc-Pt. Rica, nunfree, 1'hll Archi
bald.
S^oonil rare — Socialist. FUrrjfro. t-a Mascr>ttp.
Tlilnl race— Flora Pomona. Dr. Scharff. Vas
•allo. , ,
Fourth race— TrUowtaU. Truf Blue, The
Ucnt.
Flft?i race— Sea IJcr, Coming Event. Cue.
Better Than Geld Win*.
SAi'UAMKNTO. Wh. 10 — <\M:rtrry ft
!t»i:eh<> Hrttrr Than <3<nU\ won flrst
money tn t«>-<1av? rouj-pinir. Wnlrh \-
KauKtiS*!" Pt<-rsJ<" third. Th«» wrcaihrr ««n
<-V»r ajiti pl^a^ant !«n<1 the Altoruidnc* 1
Alatnedns Win.
At 'Fryman's Purls thr A'amMas won
nn rary \iotory from iho Nobles vrster
tfay aftrrnoon. The Fcnr* *ra> ?-!. The
NeblM wtf* *heri four mm and outsiders
weve mbMUut^d.
No Davball Compromise.
CHICAOO. Tfb. !(».— rrrsldcnt Johnson
r>f the American l^-atmr to-tileht rh.ira-
tcrizM a* pure 'matlratlon without
f^undstlrn '.be »t<>ry cmar.allrg from Bal
timore to tb«» ••ffei-t t!-at *«H-r«*t negotia
tion* *orr In t>r<-»KT«-ssi hrlwrcn the Na
tional «ri.1 Amrrlcan lcaRurs looking to a,
cptnprotatec
Handball Games.
The handball tournament between the
University of California and the Affiliated
Colleges teams commenced Saturday, Feb
ruary I>. at the San Francisco court. The
scores made were:
II. H. Llssner and ¦ J. J. Kavanaugh
Medical Colle** 21 21
AV. F. Turner and I. H. Cory. University
of California 17 7
W. Graves and W. Pitchford. U. C *1 *l
L. \V. Lamb and W. Darneal. Dentals... S 3
At (he San Francisco handball courts
the. following scores were made yesterday:
V. McKlnnon and G. McDonald II 2l 18 u »i
M. McNeil and J. Morris 13 15 21 Ii 17
G. -B. Hayward and VT. H. Sle
berst 11 n 14 ;i
R. Ixmgabarh and W. Walsh IS u jj
C. P. Hayward and W. H.
Sleberst --* 31 IS Jl in }i
W. H. Kedlan and W. Fisher. 19 51 13 n 15
P. Ilyan and P. Connolly jj •} «»j
M. Joyce and M. Baseh 17 ] 5
J. Glynn and K. White ri 19 ji
G. Green and \V. Johnson is ;j J5
G Hutchlnson and P. Kelly.. 21' 13 51 11 »i
W. Kelly and M. Dillon 10 ;i ;o JJ 13
J. McCarthy ar.d G. B. Hay
ward 21 12 Ji 14 »i
\V. Kl?her and A. Hendy 9 ;i jg »j jj
R. Murphy and XT. Masrulre.... II 21 i« 17 «
J. Riordcn and E. Curl«y M 13 n M 1}
J. C. Nealon and R. LJnehan 21 21 17 *i
A. Hampton and XL. J. KUfaUoa. 13 13 21 Jg
A. Hampton »i« w
J. C. Nealcr. '.'."'.'."'.'.'. is *>
J. Collins, champion „ ji »i
j- white :;;;:;; \) fj
AL ROSENBEBG WINS
THE CLASS STNGI^S
Met Bay Cornell in the Finals and
Proved an Easy
Victor.
AI Rosenberg, the second class man.
won the finals of the class singles at the
California courts yesterday.
The first match of the day was between
Rosenberg-, winner of the second class,
and Ray Cornell, winner of th« third
class. Rosenberg allowed his opponent
odds of fifteen, which proved to be a very
fair handicap. In the first set Cornell
had a lead of Z-4 and was within a point
of winning several times, but his morn
steady opponent, after some fast rallies,
took the set 7-5. Rosenberg seemed to
gain confidence in the second set. and af
ter having a lead of 5-2. finally won 6-4.-
Cornell held his own In the back court.
but at the net hft was outplayed by his
younger opponent. The complete score
in Rosenberg's favor was 7-5, 6-4.
The next match between R. N. Whhney.
the first class winner, and Paul Jones,
the fourth class winner, was a surprise
to everybody, as Jones with a handicap
of thirty won in straight sets 6-3. 6-4.
Jones played a surprisingly good game in
this match, while Whitney was somewhat
off in his game;
The final rour.d ferousrht cut the best
tennis of the day. In this round Jones,
with odds of half thirty, was pitted
against Rosenberg, who won the match
through his superior head work and won
derful steadiness. Trie score in favor of
Rosenberg was 6-4. 4-6. 7-5. 6-4.
Rosenberg:, the winner, and Jcnes. th'a
runner-up, each received a handsome sil
ver stein.
The next tournament wi'l b^ the handi
cap doubles for the r>avls cups an<?
will b* played off next Sunday. On Wash
ington's birthday there will b* a handi
cap singles tournament open to all.
Managers Brady and Madden already
have Invested largely for the event. Brady
in temporarily .cancelling Jeffries" theatri
cal engagements is out about $1S.OCO, and
Madden Is a similar loser, although for a
lets amount. Considerable money has also
been spent In training Childs arid Martin.
One of the liveliest preliminary contests
Is between the promoters and the two tel
egraph companies. The former wanted
\zM for the telegraph privileges of Saen
gerfest Hall. The Western Union and the
Postal companies offered but $250 each, or
a total of JoOO. nnd rerted a buildlnir
across the street from Saengerfest Hall
for their offices. The leased wires of the
Associated Press and the leased wires of
the newspapers will be looped into the
hall, as they will not be affected by the
controversy. It Is believed, however, that
the matter will be compromised.
The contests cf next Friday night wore
to be preceded on Sunday hy an athlet'c
and musical entertainment In the remod
eled Saengerfest Hall. -'This took plnce
this afternoon, and it was a great suc
cess in attendance and otherwise. The
big hall was found to be in excellent con
dition.
The feature of the day was the speech
delivered by George F. Dieterle, one of
the leading members of the Saengerfest
Athlptic Association, who took occasion
to compliment Mayor Fleischmann for
his stand In favor of the Jeffrles-Ruhlln
contest. The audience rose en masse ai»-l
gave thre« cheers for the Mayor, and the
demonstration continued for some time.
Uuhlin was Introduced, and received nn
ovaton. "Jeffries old not appear.
Meantime there Is much anxiety over
the decision of Judge Holllster and tho
action of Governor Nash. It will be known
within n day or two whether Judge Hol
listor grams a permanent injunction
against the contest on the ground of a
public nuisance, but the promoters do not
know what tho Governor may do or when
he will do it. Even after the fight begins
they do not know at what moment the
State forces may Interfere, ns three regi
ments of mllltln are said to be now under
marching orders.
They will know, however, on the day of
tho contest whether the troops, are here
or whether they are on the wny so as to
get hero In tttro to stop the contest.
While the Mayor with his permit prom
ised a force of police to maintain order, it
Is known that the police will not protecv
tho. event to t're extent of offering any
resistance to the mii.tln. There has been
much talk about the probability of a col
lision between ihe police nnd the militia,
but It la authoritatively announced that
there is not the remotest danger of any
thing of that nature occurring.
There hns been considerable talk about
postponing the contest. If Judge Hollls
ter allows tho injunction on Tuesday the
defendants will nt once appeal to the Cir
cuit Court, nnd If they lose In that Inter
mediate court they will carry the case to
the Supremo Court, which does not sit
again until February 19. If this course is
pursued the contest may be postponed
from one to two weeks. The promoters
do not want to postpone the date any
longer than possible. Tho expenses of the
training quarters are very heavy, and
CINCINNATI. Fob. 10. -Not withstand*
Ing th* court proceedings ami the attitude
of tlio Governor, this has boon u busy day
with the sporting men In Cincinnati. All
outward signs look like the eve of a groat
coming ev«nt with them. Manager Mad
don and Gus Tiuhlin wore busy with vis
itors «t tho Country Club early in the
day. Manager Hrndy, Kd Cook and oth
ers assisted Jeffries nnd Delanoy In en
tertatnlns at tliolr training quarters.
Many more called than could be admitted
at both places.
Tom Bharkey nnd Spider Kelly are hap
py over tholr prospects, ns they claim
Bharkey is to haxa the next chance, no
matter whether JcfTrlos or Kiihlin wins.
Bharkey will challenge the winner at tho
ringsM*\
All tho visiting and local sports are ex
pressing tholr opinions as to tho chances
of tho two big men. These opinions gen
erally pick Jeffries . as the winner, al
though all concede that Ruhlin Is In the
bettor condition. Some say that Huhlin
has beon nvortralncd.
Hoth will go 'hrouKh th«Mr regular prac
tice Monday. They will slacken th«Mr ex
erciso Tutsday and Ft 111 more on Wednes
day, doing little on Thursday. Tlu>y rest
all day Friday. As tho preliminary hout
between t" hilds and Martin for ten rounds
Is not to be railed until 3 p. m. Friday, It
may bo late when Joflfries and Huhlin en
ter the ring for their twenty rounds. '
One World's Record Broken on the
FRESNO WHEEL RACES.
New Velodrome.
FRESNO. Feb. 10.-^-The first races on
Fresno's new velodrome built by the Na
tional Racing Association took place this
afternoon. The starters in the first event,
a one-mile scratch race, were Gus Law
son of Buffalo. Clem TurvlHe of Phila
delphia. Will Aldrich of Phoenix. Jed
Newklrk of Chicago. Joe Judge of New
York and W. Blanchard of Boston. In the
first heat Lawson won. Newklrk second
and Turvllle third. Time. 2:2*. In the sec
ond heat, the riders crossed the line in
the same order. Time. 2:2S.
Earl Klser of Dayton and Arthur Stone
of Denver rode in two motor-paced heats
of a five-mile pursuit race. Kiser winning
both, the first in S minutes 10 1-5 seconds
and the second in 7 minutes BS seconds..
This latter time lowered the world's rec
ord for a motor-raced five-mile race on
an eight-lap track.
The day was perfect for racing and 1500
spectators watched the sports.
PREPARATIONS FOR CHAMP ONSHIP
CONTEST CONTINUE UNINTERRUPTEDLY
Jeffries Is Picked as the Winner, Many Believing That Ruhlin, While
in Better Condition, Is Overtrained.
jf^ ROSS-COUNTRY and road runners
// were out In number? yesterday at
\V^/ tho Olympic Club grounds for the
first try-out for tenm representa
tion Jn the four-mile road race
which will be run on "Washington's blrth
duy. This will be a well contested event,
ns both the colleges, Stanford and Cali
fornia, and the Academic League will be
represented.
George James took charge of affairs and
ho put the candidates through the steps.
Thrco separate teams, two men each,
were started two minutes apart. They
Jogged through the park for a distance of
two miles, in the first team were George
Klnrmnn and E. Stone: In tho Becond.
George Braun nnd M. Garcia: In the
Milrd, Kverett Smith and \V. J. Leonard.
Next Sunday the full course through the
nark will be run and after that five men
will be picked by Captain George James
to represent the club.
Curtlt « PonV Wfirjtnlh won Ihr nlnf-
M-H»-dn(r oiirn Pink" irestftrdty nt Union
I'iiik. lMjitinp )iir« Pubf Ki-nnrlK" tlQttt&n
Attilctn ill Dip ¦). • Mint: <-<mr»tf> of jin BVCOt
r«-i>j<-to witji 1.-.1...1 counting.
AVlille rrrdlt fcttOtlM D0l h* tnk<~n frnm
Uif wliunr'« prrfnimntif p In «~« i»i tirltifc I' 10
Me < ml 'if tli<> pmw. Mtlll !)!* rtinm-i-n i*rT<*
f,^..T.-,; f.o:u"Mhat by 'Vow? pIiik Iu«k " III
(h«» nrih round n'arpath «n« givrn n Uy,
"ii iCCOlUit of th" wUlnlrawal of Hockrr.
M'hlch niurrd him In tht ««"Xt k<> wiili
J;il«> AltO. lli<- kUiUo fuvnrll"', an nn oppo
nent. «;<:iT\'t. ;tp<-«-<lj- rouriMT had BtlOWIl
1'i.it fi» wn« in trim In rrnrh iho laul
Tbk. fn thr fourlli imind h" rrcf|\«<l i<
had i.-iil wMir ciiui. piine will) Kinc Cot«
<¦¦'>. i>ut w'ti iii.« nrame. K-iiiiminir itiis
I'm l.i Ai1«> t«rn1 Hwrrtnritu f »••! fit i"f»
'ill" ulcnt, ititnifc.ii kii.iwim; lhat the
hUck nn-i tt-hite ehanptotl w.i* Bomrnrbat
hnndlmppi d li> Uio rurldrnt. tnatU- him a
* t « 1 favorite <>\.r dm son .if 8k yr<>< k<< .
l"l..m tlm »!lnv \V:irpi«tli «»m |r-«l • w..
Irn^tlic. i>iit 'n r«ir tw<> mm*. I*nl<i
Alln ln<1 n(lf<c<1 hi* MCOTt to thtoi wh< m
V.nrinih ul'l"i ami won hy n point.
Roman Atii'^t** Fbotred ihnt iir (i« w\
!..• kit K in "«rrt th«-rr" qualltlot". II was
tiioi'Kht uxit hi* hnr<i n«rk <>r Saturday
wii.I.l nefestttatf Ills \vltlnlr;iT\;il. bill lh«
>vninF«trr kbowdd m> rlcver mul llTOtlg.
iir i. ; ii Shadow, »i>(i livd him. made :i
. i. :m .«. <ir. m.:i!nst Him U Klifwli tind fti
r. (.. I iirorrnuii' 8|ii(.>r«irf< l.a.1 iiikI l»-at
i-itn for th»» derlsten.
BrtttUt. xkhn li« nearly nlwn>i« nr«r tho
Me money, »mi on thu nnall end «'f a l"
tn I MON wliti IStnln PiiKhn'n romlng
<oiii«t. «l«-n»lto «li«- fn<-1 1h;il |:tntiw wsis
« 3 I" 1 fmorltr. nn«l at tlio unnic <»1il»
Twin < "iiv {strl wan beaten in n !•><' by
Albiclc
«'t.M\l<ud H< llo »v.TK tiir icrtip.il Inn. In
n Khoit ohuifc with H«>y;«l FHif«!i. ii U to 1
f.tv.Titr. nnd nt min titno ns rkiuI «s 3'1 lo
J. xhr- t<t tho n»«: l»y ¦ Frorr «:r 3 to 1.
l'.v<t S'M- l»;il \Vc<1k«'W»oi1 ut 10 in 1
•in. \ foUowc«1 l»y Nti'jip!t)»j V a tula I. a 4 In 1
(¦verito. In ;« <lii>-p Ninrc. Ilnrkor l>r:it
BacranuHita Boj potntlcM <ui th^ f~li<>i t
. u. i it .". !•• a nii'1 lonkr-.l a <!tttiK< roil* f«< -
t"r for fitml honotr. l>itt Iwn iin<1rrl<rpilf!
•1th Uroenhall, In both <>r . which h«
Fii"«ni the foot, proved too Banco Cor hinY
• "rnwOiid ttrllt cuvo l.llirrntor h <-|i>h««
• ;tll (ii Xht- Ihitil r"tin«i .itnl t»t«rly ri-j»r:it«-i1
,<n tlm mhOrl end. Sh>- lr<1 :jn<l h;i«l ltitn
hrstrn .1 p"lnl. ImM Ii» n<>t placed fur the
kill ind »*on by iim margin.
Masirr IVdritnan bwii Brjn nnii Svtct*
i • > •; beat Batitonla a( .' t<» l. completing
\iyn «1av'i« itpurin.
l".>llnwftiE nro tiir r«"«tilti« In <1«»(a11 with
Judpr John «it.nr> ofnclal Pcofcji:
«<prf< »!aJ,'-. i.MitvI -<'i:rtl» & H.>n«"
Wm l>fil. l>^«t A. PuUrr ¦ Knnnka. :• I: II.
A Dvckvtmaa'a H.-krr »>«-a« \\«1«h llce«Ma*«
Sj><««ti;. n<.. I' •> . .-«'. . .,1.- .-, Ciot'l iJrci-nhnil
»-<«! It II -\r 1^.|*»> JiWt— . T-('; .1 SmiUi'-
Ma«!n \\>'iknian Ix at M. DtmlMl'l Krln. 5-4:
i'i:'!i« ,\ S. !)•<¦ \\«»;s<t'i ItsI Star KrrinpN'
Tj»«irr l,«^rrnr». s.%. !•; iimi)'« Amrtlcn
\,r*i «- lt rtii. ,v S.'H»' N«r.l^pn». 3-1: K. M. Krt
).we» i;ra«'(«i<l II. Ur t.r,»i r. A. MciVmb'n
!{¦ vsl in'--. SI, P. Dojrte'a UU^rator dent
T .' <t, !-.!',« WtM TtBlrr. U-:: T. J. Omtl
ln'« Van<1r.l. « !>>•'; J. K«*nnr>1}'« Hvrr BttM
l.i nt I" lo»«r Wriicrnnrnl. »-J: H. K. <\* It
J,>it>*-»p S\>crt»i. mi lt»«l T. T»rrnr\"n t.ll.-l'-tU
U.Mr'tt » -:>; I'lilarinl Hn» ' Hnn<»nin \-vut «'m
ti. « s.»n»' Mmi<1 J». t>-f>: T"r»>lsln<« Jt Jom-n"
l^\«ii<i.; brat f'Mt KrnnrW Kontcnuy. 3-0;
< rrt'. K KdM' King OottOB l"-!lt tlUOell <• A!
ln;> Wr<Mlr.« Hrllc. (J: I'urtln & Sotm' «'!iar
ia i><-a« v j«. •'•.'»)> Honnr Ui'ehi. Ml B.
tj«try'a l*»t« Alt<> l*«t Y.wnniHr Krnjifii. 1
l-ti.l.^ riillrt. 7 -¦: i: M KciUmic'r KM M.-«\iv!
J.a! Vwrrolln ICrnnr-lp" l»r«u«jr S;*>t. 4-1; ttvi«- j
*r!l fc Al!rn> V*'.'\ rialro. A lno; ilolj pu»t I
K<-nnr1«' Uniiup l^st «;p<<isr Shsrman'n CM- \
« ac> M"V. rnrlia Krnnvl*' Kirry I'arr l>r:M j
.1 i >. m'» Rlaqvoc. 5-S: Ooorc«' Stinrman'ii ;
nia< k KluMi. «i by««: Pufha K^nnols' lloman
*«|l^lrtr !•«¦»( <"tirtlf 4t BMW Sludnw, 1T-6; :
liomrll & Mirji'i. Rptirfat (i byci rTuwtTum i
iSuttRttdB** R*|*«ieOUltlVt t>rat Itu«?rll A
ASlrn Kir«>a«"n>. «<^
Thlft r.mn.1 -l».v Krr l«-nt War raBl'. «-l:
• mh l>«-:»< Ami-rifn. T-3: l.ilw-tntor Vx-«I «>»••.
t.M<1 1'riln, r-4; i:\rf Surr W*{ Vainlal. f-S; j
S»rrlur«» KMl S*i:ttT,'.n. %-f-i Klnf OVtttiin
'.at \*\m4rr, ?-t: Tul.t Altn hr«t t"hart«. !
< t; p«|«v *".*\r* 1»ra! Kt.1 M.^'ov. '•'<: Prut;:« I
IwHil tj->iv l"»r«>. »-T; Kunuitt Athrlrir l.rat '
"!a.-k Klush. «-«. S|!'.rf«l tv-»t nrrrc*rnt»t[v*>. ,
«'-
Fourth TvuTvi-Eivkrr b«-»l E-!; I
\\ sr; s!ti Ival I.llvrator. r>-J: S«ri>lur*« !>«>at \
IIiTr Kurr. P-fl: p»>fi Altrt tw-m Kins «'olton. I
T-S: nruti:» Iwa« !»»!?> •t'lalrr. 11-10; liomsn !
AthrJrtt- »v-«t t^pilrrul. »-T.
Kinh mwi \V«ri«!h. a \>\r-: P#l<» W'.r, brat
H*«-ctr.«-»<', «-«'. Roman Athrlrt<> br*\ nrut««.
!^:«,(h Warpaifi lvfat r«!<» Altc. 4-S;
ll^tran A»h'l» > '«'. • !>>tt.
t>^-M»r-.« «vurM>—TY«Tpa<h beat Roman Ath- j
lr»r. r* J.
Tnlo Alto RpcHv** ft Bad Foil. Which
Injures His Chancrs to Com
pel? for the Finnl
Honors.
Good Sport Is the Result
of Union Park's Weekly
Coursing Evtnt. .
OPED STAKE IS
WON BY WARPATH
A lar?e number of representatives from
various shootinar organizations visited the
ranges at Sh^ll Mound yesterday ami kept
up a ceaseless fusillade at the targets
from early in the morr.ing until darkness
compelled them to desist.- The fine day
brought out all the crack marksmen, and
tho scores were above the average as a
rule. Companies C and G (>Jationals»>.
First Regiment Infantry, Inaugurated a
series of contests at 2«0, 200 and 500 yards
for a trophy which must be won six times
during the year to be retained permanent
ly. Companies F and K held their regu
lar monthly shoot and several German
orpanizatlona their modal and bullseyo
snoots. Tho scores are:
San Francisco Srhuptzrn Veroln In monthly
medal shoot — Champion class. Andrew Mocker
4SS; first clans, not nileil; x-cond class. John
Iankenau. 376 thlnl rlass. Otto Lemcke 3S3
fourth cla."?. R. Heino, 3«:v. \* s t n r<t s h o t. F.
Schuster, 2j; best last shot. J. I>. Helse 24
Independent Rifle3 In monthly m».lal shoot—
R. Blther, Sa; C. Iverson. 2»; A. Derrick U6;
C. Kornbeck. 33: Lieutenant E. Moenninp 4<i-
C. Granz. 40; M. Moenninjr. 17; Serseant II.
Kuhlke. 30; C. Andrew?. 3*; H. <;aetjen 37-
F. Schmidt. 23: C. Schmidt. 3; t;. Peterson. *?;
Sergeant H. Schlichtreann, 33; t>. Steffena. IS;
A. Wolfgram. 22.
Germanla Schuetzen Club In monthly mMal
shoot— FIp<t champion class. J. rts'-hlir. CCt,
219; BeoomJ champion class. J. F. HrldK»s. 214;
first class. F. Brandt. 20!>; Kecrnrt cla!«s C
Schrader. 203; third class. J. Beuttler. hh. best
flmt shot. D. B. Faktor, 23; best last shot. J.
Utschlir. 54.
GoJden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club In semi
monthly shoot: Handicap— A. Gehret. 217, 217.
224. 220; C. M. Henderson. 213. 217. 221: A. B.
Dorrell. 217. 217. 213. 217; T>. V.'. McLaughlin,
220. 216.
Gold medal— B. Jonas. '204. 19S; J. F. Bridges.
2C2. 207. tCO; D. B. Faktor. 22S. 221.
Sliver medal-H. Hlnkel. 13«. 256: M. V.
Blasse. 171; \\~. Blasee. 164; J. Tammeyer. 203;
J. Kullmann. 209. 213; M. J. White. 211.
Pistol scores— F. I. Washbum. M.* 92: J. Ef.
Gorman. S4; M. F. Blasse. .47. SO; W. F*.
Blasse. 54. ;
Silver medal— G. Tansrceyer. 73. 71. 83: VT.
F.BUsse. 73; M. F.- Blasse. 72; G. W. Hoad
ley. 7S, 73.
Company C. at 2<V\ 3C) and 5?*) yards— VT.
Grant. 40, SO. K; F. F. Carson. 42. 14. 10; \t
Muscrave. 42. 19. 19: W. McGUvary. S4. 1«. IS:
1.. W. Grant, 40. 17. 20; H. Smitten. 3S. 20, 15:
W, Mclntosh. 36. 13. 21: Lieutenant Petty. 3«.
M. 4: F. Carscn. 33. — , 24; A. Kennedy. ». 1H.
12: VT. Umfred. 4*>. 21. 13: H. Allarl. IS. — . 4:
M. Waltham. 42. 21. 15: A. J. Ruddock, 20. 18.
21; Lieutenant Grattan. 3«. 17. IS; C. Meyer.
44. 23, 21.
Company G at 2C<>. Jf"O aa.i 5«» yards— I. N'cr
ton. 44. ». «: G. Heineir.an. V. IS. I3j H. II.
Uitchell. 43. 11. 13: F. Povey. tZ. 1*. 19; C.
HaxdlnK. 36. 15. 12: M. Haxtflel.l. *X 1'. 1«:
W". Thompson. JS. IS. 14; J. \V. Cobby. 40. O.
20; A. Anderson. 4S. 20, ZZ; Lieutenant Neu
mann. i\ V>, 15.
la the match for the trophy at 3A JCO «^4
S-'-O yards Comparer C score! rejp*rtiTe'y f-2.
190. 1S4. total iTG" Company G. " Z~~. 17?, 171.
trial 557.
Company F at 200, 300 an<J 50? y&ri*— J.
Cleveland. 1«. 14. II; T. Simcr.d3, 15. 15. K;
A. Nathan. IS, 13. S: C, Doseh?r. H, «. T: W.
\anner. 0. 0. 0: J. Milled*?. 7. S. »: K. A.
Milllcken. 1«, 13. 7; W. Cohn. 9. IX 2: "VT. JL
1 Horner. S. 11. O: C. Marsan. «. 4. 12; O. Irrimc
2?, 13, 17: Captain Nlppert. 19, «. 11; T. Prise-.
7 9. 0: J. A. Eason. 21. 15. 20; C. Locfee. 13.
11. 6; A. Moran. 10. 2. IS; S. Saraufls. 17. 0. 0;
T. Varney 13. 2f>. 11: Corporal Gamhalla. 17. 11.
1C; Serjreant O'Brien. 13. 13. 10; Sergeant
"Surryhne.- 13. 10. — : C. J. O'Connor. 13. 2. — .
Company K, 560 yards — M. Demlngr. 7; C
Bacht. 14; E. Johnson. 11: T. Youn*. $: O.
Partizo. I: M. Haljtht. 13; F. McDonald. 0; T.
Lukln, 0: B. F. Moore. 12: C. Jacobsnn, «: T.
Turton. 20: C. Cunningham. 11: G. Eroflsber
eer. 0; C. Brown, ft.
Nortli1eut3Cher Verein In monthly bull<»y*
shoot— First prize. Andrew Marker; second.
Gus Schultz; thlnl. Jfhn Lankenan; fourth.
J D. Hetse; fifth. F. P. Schuster: sixth. Au
jrist Meyer: seventh. Otto Lemcke; eighth. J.
Gefken: ninth. II. Stelllnft: tenth. E. Stehn:
eleventh. William Cotschalk; twelfth. D. Sal
fleltf: thirteenth. J. de Wit.
Fine "Wtather Draws Large Represen
tation From Various Shooting Or
ganizations Holding Regu
lar Monthly Shoots.
PUNCTURE SHELL
MOUND TARGETS
Rifl«m«n Gather in Fore© to
Try Their Skill in
Marksm^njhip.
Crack Riders and an Excellent Rac
ing Card at Bofh Tracks — Yel
lowtnil Makes His Reap
pearance.
By F. E. Mulholland.
Now that war hn« been declared, be
tween tho California Joekey Club nnd the
Kan l'rnnclnco Jockey I'lub. nnd the roar
Of battle will >>¦? heard to-day, both iisko
elation* decline themselves Vf'l'arod and
i ready fot th« frny. from n giatlce at
th« citutitiou ii'itlicr Fid 1 : ncotns to poascsn
! any msukeil advantage over tlm othrr.
I Until arc out with nltrnrtlv* 1 raring card".
i iitid no doubt liich track will have Its full
ooiniiirrn'-tit (if rnrpcncrii.
Kor |Ui ptiirx in th* 1 F:uldl« .Tanforan
! Park will havo Henry, Huchannn und
O'Connor, with mi nsnortmcnt of lfppf-r
| lights. At Oakland will be :•.< , n .jpuUfiis.
• ButlmanJ Turnwri Moune«j Doratnlcki J. T.
1 woods, Ht\nrt. R.iiistcit. lleitncmyj -J.
| l»«ly :ui>l lM>llr JunoM. McCue, It Is Hald,
] niiiy «!»"» rU\r u Oakland. Tommy Hums
: Iijih wlr.-.i William C. AVhlttioy. tho mil
¦ llonalre New York turfman, for Instruc
j tl'inw »in to which trm'k t« ncrcpt mounts
I or. IturtiH will ride '.n tho Whitney col
! om next f»ra»nn ut a natnry of ?12,<)i)0.
Strenuous efforts h;ive been mndo by the
' T«inf<»mn f"ikM to corner tho market on
rtdlna talent; with only purtlni lucceis, It
Is ni'id. Charlci Hoot» <>f the ISlrawood
i Bloi k f;irni h«i<1 J<M'koy Wlnnlo O'Connor
visited thi> ii!i< k over th<> i)8.v yesterday
in s<ii endeavor *¦• oonxoit ridorw to the
I Tanforan cause. Th«\v secured DatiKman,
i'tu'lan and Knos, I'ach rider afllxlng his
: Blgnaturc to u contract caiiinR for Jioo a
Wei k. All iirt* only third raters. Hullmnn
! could not f»«> poiMirrd. for on Saturday
iitKhi »io slpticd t<i ri«n' lor ('Hcmir Young
tin* rn'xt thirty dwyn, <lr;iwttu. n salary or
|ii«*». With full knowledge of this fact an
nfiii !:il of thfl .Sun Francisco jockey Club
. I- duccd Hullmnn to \\rt{ tho at>soelntlon"B
i>nt< <• in th<< I'jiIji.o Hotel. wh<*ro indui'p.
' m«*iits wrere «>ff« r«>d (he riilor to hronk h'.tt
contract with Young, 'j his ho refused to
; do.
• The «!«xt Important factor In the p.-une
i in ttM i»"'ki«iK fraternity. Last nlKht
Oh k l.i lid hRun-d on Carsnr Voung. I'uiil
HI. Hoy. IMny Mul-or. Marnoy Bchrelbor,
Johnny Colctnan, Fred Cook, iluRhry
I JoneS< Hoffman /i «'<>.. Jack Atkins und
Jnry l.>il?co||. 1 nnforHii I'ark has as al
; iimnt certainties Jno Itojsf, Hill Jiiokm.in,
Yukon ••Int>. liofimnn * «'o.. Applesate &
«"o.. Jim Pavl« «n«l Jno llurlan, Krnnk
! Kck»rt. |Vt«-r HIley, K«l < *;tlnes and two
or tlitco others ii ro 'an yet "on tho fenoi-."
; it wjis reported thai the Tanforan asso«
j elation would put <>ii a ooujtlo of backs,
, if ti;«-io was ;. paucity of layera of odds
From r«li:il>lo s.uirccs it Is learned that
the oollcy of tin 1 San Francisco Jockey
I Club Is to race thirty days at Tanforan. |
i t'OEimiiiiE: to-day, and then to roopen
: incii-wi,!,. tr;uk. Tin re bettlnjr operattona
I win i r< continued on the hiuni-hook plan,
i Mi'h as Is toloratod on tho N>w York
i trucks, althoukh a violation of tho law.
It mil." I l>r understood that racing hi Pan
j Mntoo County \v«ix restricted to thirty-
I flvo <!«>"" in every tlfi<-al year, while ln^l'o
j sidr w;'s never actually dosed. The ordl
natico passed l»y the San Francisco Hoard
i •'{ Fuprrvlsors prohibited hookmaklnp and
' i">.ii:»ollliitJ on horse races. There Is no
: «llff«ritice lietwc«-n lielliiiK In hand-hooka
or b.-ttlntr l!i nn open rlnn. only It is done
I >m a more subdued scale. It remains to
i lie "0011 how (ho scheme will work.
Hie Oakland ofliclalu nay there will be
no association hooks on the other side.
Neither track, from :ill nppear.-inces.
will Buffer for w.int of r.-iotnir m.iterial.
Added to irhai borsea were already on
! the grounds, thirteen rarlcad* of horses
i nrrlveil at Oakland from Tanforan yostor
| day.
i ne sensational performer Yellow Toll I
will start in Hie fourth event ut Oakland, i
yind will l>o ridden by the crack light
weight. Pomlnlck. The 1>!k follow is i
candidate f»r tho Hums handicap. an1
much Interest 4s manifested a? to his
condition.
This afternoon the weight* for tho
Hums handicap, the stnr event of the
track across the bay, will ho l*?uod for
| publication.
| Charley tSWsoa Is a middle-of-the-road
man for tlie time heltiR. He will v\-ult to
learn what Instructions 'William O. Whit
ney wires Hums, when ho will cast his
lot the same way.
Tho Pan Francisco Jockey Club Iti
| tend? ctvin« tv spedaJ stake for threo-
I yenr-olds on Saturday. February 23. and
Will add KfcTO to the event. It Is tn be n I
race for boroMl eligible in tho California j
» -erby. nnd will be at n mile and n fur
lonjr. As Articulate. Oanmore. Brutal.
I Kolllne Hoer. Telamon. OoldeQ A(re, Ken- J
i II worth. J:\nlee. HedecK. Joe Krey and i
| other pood cnes nre In the Derby, the race
rucht to prove n pood prollmlnary to
that classic event. •
The Tar. fora n Park entries were nub
j liphed on Bonday. The entries "at OaJj
i land nre as follows:
Flr«t rare -Pis fnrlcnt*; three>year-ol<lt;
1«T St m<-« 11>j tT4rt r«mt'«iifi»rf» ...114
¦ INM iMinrrre 11* 1««* Fellow M* Ill
i:r» rii'.l Arrtilba;<1.ir? 1»T S=plndl# ltl
Atti«tl<-1* 1<» 1~4 Skip M<» 10J
S*rr«n<1 mr^— Six rurtonjf*: f cur- year-old*
r-r.l Bp; »<¦!!!!. c:
>?*:• S<"w-|*li*t ttTl 1773 1m M**cntta....l92
irr» «;u*tn io«l m» sprung im
id KUmerrt UMi ir«l Situn mi
17.1S Mrrltim IN* 1<S« Macnu* 1(M
JfTl nowilhra 10TI 17M t'Urando 1C3
li^:. N<-rf.Tj 104 1S74 Mitten 9?
Third mf-Kour furl^n**; two-yrar-oldj:
l«tt I»r. Si-hnrflT US' 1«T2 M.-n»!>l1r 105
irtl «Vrrlr«n .. l*Xj 1«5» Harklylte m
Fieri* Pomona. .UOi J«3 r,«rlti» 107
I"7 I.arthi'tta K-7 1«44 Fre.1 Atlerbery.10?
JTSJ Vanallo U«! .... Ml?* Hrrntw'A.nO
Orasarlo -• lid
l-Vurtri r«c«»— Stx furlonir*; thr*»->-<Mir-oIds
rr.J up; rrjr*e:
niSDTfiiowtAU IN OTTDRiMltek ?;
ITU Fr«nV IVil l«> 1~4 Kl T<T>lo 9'
17SS True Wue U* MsiiWa O «*
UtwnTI-.e IJKh« tl(» t"« TrlMraln S>
i:«S Mrrhanu* UJ! 1«« Summer 1C4
Fifth r*r+St>\tn furlonu*; four-year-old*
*nd up; n>lilr>*:
lUSSm tAnn iftS IMS Cue ,\lfi
j:.'4 IK-n Lui* IC* «9 Kastalne 107
Lnr?r<» Tannery Burned.
OI,i:\N. N. V.. Frh. KV-^uirtn?' tan
nery, cne of thr> latent? In Western NVw
York. »a* des-troyed by P.rc to-nSjrht.
Forces of Tanforan Park
and Oakland Say They
Are Prepared.
TURF STRGGULE
BEGINS TO-DAY
The Gdldcn Gates and the Koenigs came
together yesterday afternoon on the Rec
reation grounds after three postponements
on account of wet weaiher. The former
team carried off the .fruits of victory, the
score being 6 to 5.
Perrine was rather an easy mark for
the batsmen of the "Straits." Hits were
bunched tri three innings with a result
that, enough men crosses the. rubber to
keep a steady lead. 'Only in the ninth was
the game in danger for the Golden Gates.
Then the Koenlgs scored three men and
approached tying distance.
The sensation of tho day Was the three
base hit of Brockhoff. This happened in
tho eighth. Brockhoft was so eager to
skate the bags that when he reached the
third station he fell in a dead falnti It
was some minutes before he revived, but.
contrary to the advice and expostulations
of his team mates. BrockhofT went Into
the field in the next inning. The score:
KOENIGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Collins. 2b 2 2. 0 1 0 5 1
Knell, r. 1 4 110 10 0
Easrer, c 3 1 0 1 • 7 3 1
D. Bodie. s. s 5 0 0 0 2 4 0
J. Rod!*, 3b 3 110 2 3 0
KeoRhan. lb 2 0 0 0 9 0 0
McGee. c. t 5 0 2 0 4 0 0
Sutton, r. f 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Perrine, p 3 0 0.0 1 1 1
Brockhoff, 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 22 3 5 2 27 18 3
GOLDEN GATES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
F. Johnson, lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Waterbury. 2b 5 1 2 0 1 3 0
Mitchell, s. s 4 0 0 0 1 '2 (.
Thomas. 3b 4 110 13 1
Clynes, r. f 3 0 3 0 10 0
Kane, c. f 4 110 4 10
McMenomy. p 4 2 3 12 3 1
Peralta. c 4 10 0 5 10
Spencer, 1. f 4 0 113 0 0
Totals 37 6 11 2 57 15 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Golden Gates ...0 22OOOOIO— S
Base hits 1 3 2 0 0 10 3 0-11
Koenlpa 1 00000103—5
Base hits... 0 10001012—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — McMenomy 5. Perrine.
t. Three-base hits— Waterbury, Brockhoff.
Two-base hits— Waterbury. Clynes (2), J. Bodie,
McGee. Sacrifice hit— Knell. First base on
errors — Koe-nlgs 3. Golden Gates 1. First bas«
on called balls — KoenlKS 10, Golden Gates 1.
Left on bases — Koeniss 12. Golden Gates a.
Struck out— Bv Perrine 3. by McMenomv 3.
Double plays— McMenomy to Peralta to Water
bury: Collins to D. Bodie to Keojrhan. Passed
ball— Pcralta. Wild Ditch— McMenomy. Time
of'eame — 1:<0. *im*ilre — Jack O'Connell. Offi
cial scorer — J. W, Stapleton."
Interclass Baseball.
BERKELEY, Feb. 10.— The junior and
sophomore baseball nine's will play a
•match frame to-morrow afternoon at 4
-o'clock on the campus. Edward Kinjr will
captain the sophomores and Tyrrel Harn
lln the juniors. •
McMenomy's Curves Were Not Un
. raveled, but ' Perrine Was
, Touched for Eleven
Clean Hits.
Sensation of the Day Was a
Long Hit and Paint by
Brockhoff.
GOLDEN GATES
BEAT KOENIGS
OLYMPIC SPRINTERS GETTING INTO TRIM FOR A RACE
;.'¦; --. -. ¦ , - ¦ ¦ . , ¦ -¦¦:. . ¦- . ¦ • .•¦¦¦. ' • : ¦'- ¦¦¦¦¦-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUAEY 11, 1901.
Captain George James Starts Three Teams Over a Two-Mile
Course in Golden Gate Park.
OLYMPIC ROAD RUNNERS TRIED
OUT FOR THE FOUR-MILE RACE
IMPROVISED OLYMPIC ROAD TEAM
AND STRONG CANDIDATES FOR
NOVEL. ATHLETIC EVENT.
6
Steamer.
I
FToa.
) Dne,
City of Par»... Panama & Way Ports. (Feb. U
Corona do Ftesicr.do IFeb. 11
Royalist........ jOjrster Harbor IFeb. 11
TUanJa N'»r..ilmo ......IFeh. II
Condor ...... Poniard and Astoria.. jFeb. II
Roanoke Panama .. jFeb. u
Walla Walla... Pucet Sound Ports IFeh. U
Lwltuw. Seattle Feb. 1*
Proere»o....,...jT«coma Feb.' l*
\lctori«.. .:....^Oyster Hirbor feh. 12
Santa Barbara. San Pedro jFcb. 12
Eureka.... ,]H\jraboiat F»h n
North Fork....^Humboldt ZzSrS* ii
Cores* ...Newport -. >F*h_ Ii
Empire... ......icoc* Bay ....! ?F^' il
CV W. Elder...,) Portland and Astcrta " Feb. 14
£•'">* jPanama ft Way PoruliFeb: u
Point Arena... .jPoint Arena iFehl 14
Santa Ro»«....Jsan Dlega " Feh! l*
Crescent aty..]Cre«c«nt Oty ""< p-h. 14
Berffj5hu«......'Chlaa tU. Saa Dl*ro..{ FeS H
SIaUet»-ta......!Ta«Maa * feb jj
Steamer.
Destlnitlon.
Sails. I PJer.
I February 11.
Coroaado Gray- Harbor Sp m pj, r 5
An*t». Coos Bay 4 pm Pier J
Au.tr.lla Tahiti 12 m Pier 7
San Pedro.... Hmnboldt 10 aci PUr I
February IS.
Arro Coqciite I^ver 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Hcmboldt » 2 pmlPler »
Columbia AstorLa & Portland 11 am Pier *4
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.. 19 mm Pie- "1
31 * —— »*»PlerU
Febronry 13.
Ventura Sydney A. Way Pt* J p m Pier 7
<**«» San Di« K o .... ... » am p, tr
Febrnarr 14. I
Newbarr.- — <Gray» Harbor .....I s pm pier r
February 15. Z
E=plre Cow Bay HO am Pl#r n
Eureka HnmboMt t % an Pi^r 11
Walla Walla- Pu*et Eouad Port* 11 » m \\J. »
Corona N#wDort t J Am pj^, ,7
February 10. «•«-»«* u
Po!at >rera.. Point Arena 1l"pniPler s
NCrUSFOrk - fFTb^ary-lT." f "f^ »
G. W. EMeT..|A*toria & Portland u amjpier 21
U ... 0:54' J.O 7:«! S.liSS O.on>^)i 41
U -. 2:001 S.9) Sr«! i.«> 'Hrfnf-o 2' J"'
"... 2:52] 2.71 «:5S! S.Ri 8:*5'-O V Wm; -3 i
Steamer.
Destlnitlon.
Sails. I PJer.
I February 11.
Coroaado Gray- Harbor Sp m pj, r 5
An*t». Coos Bay 4 pm Pier J
Au.tr.lla Tahiti 12 m Pier 7
San Pedro.... Hmnboldt 10 aci PUr I
February IS.
Arro Coqciite I^ver 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Hcmboldt » 2 pmlPler »
Columbia AstorLa & Portland 11 am Pier *4
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.. 19 mm Pie- "1
31 * —— »*»PlerU
Febronry 13.
Ventura Sydney A. Way Pt* J p m Pier 7
<**«» San Di« K o .... ... » am p, tr
Febrnarr 14. I
Newbarr.- — <Gray» Harbor .....I s pm pier r
February 15. Z
E=plre Cow Bay HO am Pl#r n
Eureka HnmboMt t % an Pi^r 11
Walla Walla- Pu*et Eouad Port* 11 » m \\J. »
Corona N#wDort t J Am pj^, ,7
February 10. «•«-»«* u
Po!at >rera.. Point Arena 1l"pniPler s
NCrUSFOrk - fFTb^ary-lT." f "f^ »
G. W. EMeT..|A*toria & Portland u amjpier 21
U ... 0:54' J.O 7:«! S.liSS O.on>^)i 41
U -. 2:001 S.9) Sr«! i.«> 'Hrfnf-o 2' J"'
"... 2:52] 2.71 «:5S! S.Ri 8:*5'-O V Wm; -3 i
Steamer.
I
FToa.
) Dne,
City of Par»... Panama & Way Ports. (Feb. U
Corona do Ftesicr.do IFeb. 11
Royalist........ jOjrster Harbor IFeb. 11
TUanJa N'»r..ilmo ......IFeh. II
Condor ...... Poniard and Astoria.. jFeb. II
Roanoke Panama .. jFeb. u
Walla Walla... Pucet Sound Ports IFeh. U
Lwltuw. Seattle Feb. 1*
Proere»o....,...jT«coma Feb.' l*
\lctori«.. .:....^Oyster Hirbor feh. 12
Santa Barbara. San Pedro jFcb. 12
Eureka.... ,]H\jraboiat F»h n
North Fork....^Humboldt ZzSrS* ii
Cores* ...Newport -. >F*h_ Ii
Empire... ......icoc* Bay ....! ?F^' il
CV W. Elder...,) Portland and Astcrta " Feb. 14
£•'">* jPanama ft Way PoruliFeb: u
Point Arena... .jPoint Arena iFehl 14
Santa Ro»«....Jsan Dlega " Feh! l*
Crescent aty..]Cre«c«nt Oty ""< p-h. 14
Berffj5hu«......'Chlaa tU. Saa Dl*ro..{ FeS H
SIaUet»-ta......!Ta«Maa * feb jjSOME OF THE THINGS THAT WILL HArPEN WHEN THE ELKS TAKE POSSESSION OF THE STAGE OF THE
MACDONOUGH THATERON THE EVENING OF WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY, IF THE PRESENT PRO
GRAMME IS CARRIED OUT. ' . x
) The ; Shoemakers' Union met yesterday
afternoon at Pythian Castle. .The meeting
was addressed by the following named
from other unions: Q.Barnaby, Barbers:
H. " Gallagher, Shoeworkers; N.« Blum
Cigarmakers, and A: E. Roe of the Re
tail Clerks, all of whom" promised sym
pathy and support. Delegates were chosen
to represent the union before other labo"
organizations. Tho question of early
closing ! was deferred. /.The main. purpose
of, the meeting, was to formulate a plan
against the ; Japanese, . who are . making
serious encroachments in this trade, but
nothing definite was decided upon. -
Menace of Japanese Cheap Labor.
The ladles who compose the board of
directors- and officers of . that deserving:
charity, tho Little Sisters* Infant Shel
ter, have arranged, for a rummage sale
to be 'held on the 14th. 15th .and 16th lnsts.,
at the corner' of Seventh and Minna
streets. The board has already i secured
some contributions for. this sale, but It
solicits the aid of the general public In
the way of donations ¦ of discarded gar
ments, underwear,- shoes, boots, hats,
gloves, kitchen utensils, furniture, pro
visions and in fact anything and every
thing that will be- salable. ;
This will benefit both the Institution,
which now has a large number of little
ones to care for, and many who are too
hard pressed for means to purchase new
articles.. The. board will accept any dona
tions that may be sent to Mrs. T.'G. Tay
lor. 1911 Pine street, or Mrs. C. E. Cooper,
1314 Leavenworth. street, or will send for
BJTMMAGE SALE FOB THE
LITTLE SISTERS' SHELTER
CAR KILLS HIM
WHILE AT WORK
Track Repairer Is Horribly
fj Mangled on Folsom
Street.
Dominick Lertnon, a track repairer, was
knocked down and horribly mangled yes
terday morning by an electric car of the
Folsom-street line. He was alive but un
conscious when extricated from under the
wheels'and died soon after his removal to
the Receiving Hospital.
The railroad company has had a force
of men at work- for some time past re
pairing the bituminous pavement between
the tracks. The bitumen has bee"n cut in
many places by heavy trucks and a gen
eral overhauling of the roadbed was start
ed. Lennon. with another workman, was
engaged in making repairs on the track
near Ninth street yesterday morning,
when car number 1096, in charge of Motor
man Thady Begley, approached them at a
rapid rate of speed. Begley rang the bell
to signal tho men to get oft the
track. They stepped to one side and Beg
ley turned on tho current.
When the car was within a few feet of
the men Lennon must have become bewil
dered, for he stepped in between the rails.
It was too late to stop the car and the next
instant it struck Lennon with terrific
force. Ho fell across the track and hts
body was shoved ahead a considerable dis
tance before it dlsappered under the
dummy.
A crowd of horrified citizens who wit
nessed the accident hurried to assist in
getting the unfortunate man from under
the wheels. The body was Jammed in un
der the uutrimy and it was found neces
sary to lift the car off the track to reach
Lennon. He was still alive and was hur
ried in an ambulance to the hospital.
There it was found that his spine was
broken and that in addition he had re
ceived other injuries about the head and
body, sufficient 'in themselves to caus>3
death. Everything possible was done to
alleviate his sufferings before death came
to his relief.
Lennon was married and lived with his
wife and one daughter at 1 Cortland ave
nue, off Mission street.
Motorman Begley was arrested immedi
ately after the accident by Policeman
Conlon and booked at the City Prison oh
a charge of battery. He was released on
$20 ball and when subsequently he learned
of Lennon's death he surrendered himself
to answer to a charge of manslaughter,
being again released on furnishing 55Q
cash bail.
Begley says that he saw the men work
ing on the track and rang the bell to warn
them. "They got off the track." said he.
"and the car proceeded ahead. "When it
was almost abreast of Lennon he stepped
in front of it and I was powerless to save
him."
ST. PATBICK'S DAY WILL
BE FITTINGLY OBSERVED
Typical Irish Play, Concert, Oration
' and Po-sm Will Be
Features.
The St. Patrick's day celebration com-
mittee met yesterday afternoon at Knights
of Red Branch Hall. The meeting was
called to order- by President John O'Gara.
and after. the reading of the minutes of
the last meeting and communications sug
gestive ' of a programme for the Ob
servance of the anniversary the ; meeting
was thrown open , for •. discussion.' March
18 was selected as the day of celebration,
the anniversary falling on Sunday. -
A great deal of debate occurred In re
gard to the various features of the pro
gramme. It was decided that the Central
Theater should be engaged for the after
noon and- "Colleen -Bawn 'or some other
typical Irish play- presented. Immediate
ly after the play there will be an oratiou,
reading of a poenvand other literary ex
erclses. Mechanics' 'Pavilion will be hired
for the evening, where the programme
will be stereopticon views of Ireland, vo
cal music and a band concert. •
After considerable discussion It was
voted «not to hold a ball identified with
the observance of the day. A resolution
that:all available influence be used to se
cure a general closing on 'the day : ap
pointed was adopted. „ -Various other per
tient matters were considered,, but it
was finally decided to leave- remaining de
tails to the committees, and the meeting
was then adjourned.'jggjgg .. ¦.¦ .--.'
The wound which the hospital surgeons
mistook for a bullet wound was caused by
the girl striking her head against the end
of a protruding stair carpet rail.
"Oh, she threatened to, smash my face
and walk all over me." replied the girl,
"and when I came to I just felt as if she
had carried out her threat. - I suppose I
was a little crazy, too, so I just told the
doctors and policemen Rosle shot me. Oh.
what a headache I have!" she. concluded
as she drew the bed clothing up over her
head and refused to further discuss the
matter. <¦¦¦¦•¦•:¦ •
"I went with my slater to a dressmak
er's Saturday night," said the Mahoney
girl yesterday afternoon, "and from there
we went to the home of a friend on Hayes
street, near Gough. There I drank a large
glass of beer.' I am subject to fainting
spells and whenever I touch liquor I be
come dreadfully sick. When I left my
friend's home I was feeling ill. I thought
a glass of whisky might relieve me. I
went into a grocery and took two whis
kies. No, the whisky didn't do meany
good. I don't know just how I got into
the house. I fell and the next thing I
know I was here in the. hospital."
"But why did .you charge Rosie Bucns
with having shot you?" was asked:
When a thorough investigation proved
that Miss Burns had not been out of her
mother's honie after 10 o'clock Saturday
night, she was formally charged with as
sault to murder and released on $20 ball.
The charge will be dismissed to-day and
her accuser will go back to the Levy
home.
• No one could be found who had heard
a pistol shot in front of the Levy resi
dence at 12:30 o'clock- yesterday morning,
but Levy and his wife were awakened by
hearing some one falling: on the stair
way. Levy hurriedly dressed and found
the girl lying in a pool of blood at the
foot of the stairs. The front door was
closed and it was while she was attempt
ing to navigate upstairs to her room that
Maggie lost her balance and fell. The am
bulance was summoned and while on the
way to the hospital the Idea struck Mar
garet to excuse herself by charging Rosle
Burns with shooting* her.
Up to within a year the girls were close
friends. They had a trivial quarrel and
womanlike ran to their respective friends
to tell their stories. The stories lost
nothing while being repeated and the
breach of friendship was widened. Al
though living within a few doors of each
other and meeting almost daily, they have
not spoken for more than six months. The
injured girl denies that she maliciously
told the story of the shooting In order to
revenge herself upon her former friend.
The only reason she assigns for making
the charge that resulted in Rosie Burns
being iield in custody, is t.hat she "must
have been crazy at. the tinJe."
. Margaret Is better known in tho society
circles in which she travels as Madge
Smith, for the reason, as she confided to
one of her girl friends, "Maggie Mahoney
sounds too Irish." She was taken to the
hospital for treatment of a wound on the
back of her head. There she told the sur
geons and reporters that Rosie Burns,
a domestic employed at 1307 Golden Gate
avenue, had shot her. On the strength
of tho yarn Miss Burns was taken from
bed in her mother's home at 1321 Eddy
street and after being "identified" by the
injured woman was held pending a fur
ther investigation.
One large glass of steam beer and two
glasses of whisky taken to "keep the beer
down" are responsible for the wild tale
of attempted assassination told at the Re
ceiving Hospital early yesterday morning
by Margaret Mahoney, a domestic, em
ployed in the home of L. Levy at 1303
Golden Gate avenue.
Maggie Mahoney's Story of
Having Been Shot Is a
Fabrication.
MIXING DRINKS
HAS BAD EFFECT
any. If notified, at the places named. Tho
officers and directors are:
President. Mrs. C. E. Cooper; Tice president,
Mrs. W. D. Fennimore; treasurer. Mrs. L. J.
Holton: recording secretary, Mrs. George F.
Richardson; corresponding secretary. Mrs.
Charles H. Wilson: directors — Mrs. C. E. Coop
er, Mrs. T. O. Taylor. Mrs. W. D. Fennimore,
Mrs. G. F. Richardson, Mr§. B. M/ Ounn,
Mrs. C. H. Wilson. Mrs Rebecca Jennings.
Mrs. E. B. Cutter. Mrs. A. W. Jackson. Miss
Mary Taylor and Mrs. W. M. Pierson.
CBUSHES SKULL WITH KICK.'
Horse Lashes Out and Fatally In-
juxes "William Cerf.
"William Cerf. the 14-year-old son of Eu
gene Cerf. an expressman, living at 1743
Mission street, had his skull badly frac
' tured yesterday morning by a kick from a
'horse. The surgeons who attended him
at -the Receiving Hospital entertain but
.Uttle hope for hJa recovery.
Funeral of a Pionwr Woman.
The funeral of the late Mr3. Isabel E.
Flgel, who came to this State In 1S43. took
place yesterday from the parlors of the
Langham Hotel, Rev. M. S. Levy officiat
ing. Tho interment took place in the
Home of Peace Cemetery. The pallbear
ers were: Judge E. D. Sawyer, J. T.
Harms, J. P. Gallagher, M. Lewis. S.
Feder, S. H. Seymour, S. H. Collins and
Judge Davis Louderback. "'-••'- -".'
STATESMEN HAVE
A BAY JUNKET
The Macdonough Theater has been se
cured for the night of Washington's birth
day, and the Klks are going to inform thj
people of Oakland how it was- that the
father of his country could not teli a lie.
Charlie Heeseman is going to say that it
OAKLAND, Feb. 10. — Oaklan.l
Lodge of Elks will take posses
sion of Oakland on the evening
of "Washington's birthday. an«l
show the peoole of the city of
churches and politics Uiat the ancient art
of minstrelsy is not dead; that it lives and
thrives, with alt its old-time vigor embel
lished with modern jokes, right' at home
in Oakland. It is going to be a big thin?,
this Elks' minstrel show, and the talent
is all golnc to be from the lodge of good
fellows who .believe in making life worth
living and helping out their fellowman,
particularly ff he is an Elk.
• The third Btory was occupied by Daniel
and Thomas Brennan. The latter escaped,
but Daniel jumped three stories to a shed
and suffered serious injuries.- ;
The fourth story was occupied by Mrs.
Frances Riley and Mrs. Barry. Mrs. Ri
ley was overcome by the smoke and suf
focated. Her body was discovered after
the flames had been subdued. Mrs. Barry
jumped from the fourth floor and died
to-night. ; ' .
BOSTON, 'Feb. 10.— Three persons lost
their lives and four others were badly in
jured in a fire in a four-story brick dwell
ing in Harrison avenue early this morn
ing. The dead:
NORA HART. 6 years old; killed by
jumping: from a second-story window.
MRS. MATILDA BARRY, 48, a widow;
died from effects of burns. t
MRS. FRANCES RILEY, a widow, 50
years old; suffocated. •
There Is a suspicion that the nre was
of incendiary origin and tw«. arrests have
been made— Harris Levin, aged 28, and his
wife. Bertha, aged 35.
Levin had a shoe store on the first floor
of the building and the arrests resulted
from the suspicion that naphtha or some
thing of that kind caused the fire.
Men and women Jumped from the burn
ing building: and firemen and policemen
rescued'Others from smoke-filled corridors
and hallways. „": - - •
The second story was occupied by Dan
iel Hart, his wife, her sister and Hart's
four children. They all Jumped from a
window. One of the children was - badly
burned and suffered internal injuries by
jumping: and died. Mrs.' Hart was badly
hurt. ' . •-¦; ' •.--..':
THREE LIVES LOST
IN BOSTON FIRE
The Assembly Committee on Commerce
and Navigation made an Inspection of the
San Francisco water front yesterday, the
members passing a pleasant day in look
ing wisely at the various objects called
to their attention by the harbor officials
who accompanied them and asking ip/*y
question?. The trip was made on C the
State tug Governor Markham. Oi\he
committee there were aboard the boat
McNeil of Humboldt, Kelly of Alameda,
Kadcliff of Monterey and Brown, Collins
and McLaughlin of San Francisco. Other
members of the Legislature, including
Chairman Knowland of the Police Inves
tigating Committee and Speaker Pendle
ton, were aboard. General Thomas J:
Clunie, the members of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners, Secretary Eng
lish of the board, Chief Wharfinger Hen
derson and a number of ladies also en
joyed the trip and the beautiful day.
Captain Petzinger had his vessel deco
rated with signal flags spelling "China
Basin." The start was made from Mis
sion-street wharf and a run made to the
new fishermen's wharf, which was care
fully gazed at.
The committee was very favorably im
pressed with the -advantages of China
Basin, which was next visited.
Down along the line, or rather to the
Union Iron Works and Hunters Point
the Markham sped. All the members of
the Harbor Commission impressed upon
the members of the Legislature present
the fresh needs of San Francisco harbor.
The legislators seemed to enjoy the treat,
and at the request of "Spieler" Pepdleton
the boat was sent, to Goat Island in order
that the legislators might inspect the
United States naval training station. It
was a little off the beat, but the inspec
tion of the Pensacola wound up the day:
When the trip was concluded, the legis
lators from the interior expressed their
wonder at the size of San Francisco Bay.
and an individual intention to do all they
could for the city. China Basin as land
lnc olace was freely discussed, and none
seemed to think that the State would lose
anything by complying with the terms of
the lease. > v . ; -
Visit China Basin" and Are
Favorably Impressed With r
. Its Advantages.
CHINESE GAMING SUPPRESSED.
Last night the Police Department suc
ceeded in suppressing gambling In China
town, notwithstanding the statement that
this could not be accomplished. ; A hand
ful of officers, armed with axes, drove
terror into the hearts of gambling men,
and after a few doors had been hammered
down all the clubs were soon vacated and
the players dispersed. The streets of the
Mongolian quarter were thronged as a
result.
When the raids commenced early in the
afternoon and the order was given that
the doors of each club must remain open
for the police. . consternation prevailed,
among the keepers. At first the gamblers
resisted, but the patrolmen's axes were
brought into play and the Chinese found
that the order was one which would be
enforced. I-ast night before 10 o'clock
there was scarcely a club occupied. The
players had fled and the fantan and pi
gow paraphernalia stored away. The
doors were open and the police came and
went at will. Such a condition as this
has not existed before for some time.
story frame buildins on the *outh line of Oak,
25$ feet west from Baker, $£&?; J. K. Fraser
with C. A. Martin, for a Uvo-story and base
ment frame building on the south line of. Fred
erick. 32:6 feet west from Stanyan, $3523; Flor
ence A. and W\ H. Demlng with California
Artistic Metal and Wire Company, work on
elevator bhaft enclosure and doors of same,
thresholds, etc., for eix-story and basement
brick building on the north line of Turk, 206:3
feet west from Mason, $1590; Charles Musatite
with J. B. Relte, all work except mantels, gas
fixtures and ehadea for a two-story frame
building, flats, on the north line of Germanla
avenue, Sl:3 feet east from Fillmore street,
$4393; James L. Flood with Gray Bros., fcr
the grading and removal of earth from lot at
the northeast corner of Eddy and Powell $2672;
F. H. Wood* Estate Company with F. W.
Kern, for the carpenter and mill work, glass,
Klazlnr. illuminating tilep, painting and var
nishlns of store fronts and other alterations
to a rlx-story brick building on the north line
of Geary street, 120 leet east from Grant ave
nue. $1920; William F. Ambrose with I. YV.
Coburn, for carpenter and mill work, painting
and plumbing, graining and mantels, etc., for
two-story and frame building with brick foun
dations on the east line of Stelner street, 27:6
feet south from Fulton, $4900; Nellie McMur
ray with H. I*. Tetersen, D. Straub & Son
and Allen & Looney. for excavating, grading,
brick, concrete and artificial etone work, car
penter and mill work, plumbing, etc., for a
two-story and basement frame residence on the
north line of Clay. 322 feet west from Laurel,
$1-471 • Michael Winter and John Willis with
Bernard Dreyer. for all work on a two-story
frame tuilciing on the southeast corner of
Broadway and Jcnes atrecU, J57%. •
The cost of the proposed City Hall for
Sacramento is fixed at 5250,000. Plans for
a high echool building to cost $100,000 are
also In preparation. In the last matter
the architect is John M. Curtis of this
city. The question of building- the new
City Hall will be submitted to a vote of
the people.
An association of the real estate dealers
of Stockton has been formed. M. D.
Easton is the president: C. M. Webber,
vice president; R. B. Oullahan, secretary,
and E. L. Wilhoit. treasurer. The pur
poses of the association, as set forth in
a committee report to the members, are
to induce immigration to Stockton and to
San Joaquin County; to at all times talk
favorably of property in all. sections of
Stockton and of the county and to aid
one another in the development and sale
of the same; to promote industries. that
may peek to locate in Stockton; to encour
age the general improvement or the city
of Stockton and the erection of new build
ings and the removal of unsightly shacks;
to secure good roads from all points trib
utary* to the city: to endeavor to beautify
Stockton and to make it attractive- to the
prospective residents: to open to coloniza
tion large tracts. of land In order to en
courage diversified farming of all kinds;
to extend dairying interests and stock
raising: to promote irrigation: to secure
wholesale houses for the purpose of plac
ing Stockton in the commercial position
to which it. Is entitled by reason of its
location: to talk Stockton first, last and
all the time and to secure a population
of &0.00Q.
Homer S. King will build a three-story
residence to cost $25,000 on the northeast
corner of Broadway and Octavla streets.
Stephen 1-. Harris, of the; firm of Scott
& Harris, lonjf a well-known,, real estate
dealer, has retired from th« real estato
business and has turned all his clients
over to Messrs. L.yon & Moiijr. Mr. Harris
becomes a member of Caswell & Co.. c«5f
fee. tea and spice merchants on Sacra
mento street.
Through rialdwin &. HoweH'd branch of
fice In the Sunset District, south of Golden
Gate Park, a number of additional sales
have been effected lately In the block re
cently Fubdlvided and fronting the park
on the H-street electric line and the new
Nineteenth-avenue boulevard. Among
other pales reported Is that of a lot. 50x
120. on the west line of Nineteenth-avenue
boulevard, 325 north of I street,' to Herbert
F., Brown. Mr. Brown haa commenced
the construction of a handsome home. All
the new houses on Nineteenth-avenue
boulevard are of the better class and form
substantial Improvements of superior
character. Since water and teas mains
were laid half a dozen cozy and attractive
homes haVe been erected and before many
months quite a settlement of solid homes
on and near the Nineteenth-avenue- boule
vard will have eprung up.
REAL ESTATE IN
SAN FRANCISCO
The Trend of the Prices for
Realty During th§
Past Week.
Business Properties Still Continue in
Demand, but There Is Fair In
quiry for Eligible Lots
for Flats.
The rapid improvement of the business
Faction of San Frar.c'.sco Is somethir.R
that every one may pec. More than any
'•'.her thine should this inspire confidence
la the future values of real estate in San
Francisco. People who buy business prop
erties are usually successful men, who
<~we their success to their shrewdness and
judgment.* In any city the improvements
that have been and are being made on
Market street would be considered of
great importance. Hut improvements have
not be«n confined to this one sreat artery
of trade by any means. California street
lias bet:-, the hcene of the expenditure o*
larp? rums of money for improvements
lil the buildinKline in the last few months,
and other improvements are to follow.
The new structure which the Produce Ex
<hange hopes 10 erect on the site of the
?>Terchar.ts' Exchange building seems to
he a reasonable certainty of the not far
extant future. "With the Safe Deposit
Hi'.ldlnsr and the Hay ward tkyscraper it
will afford striking evidence of progress
in San Francisco.
A creat office building: on thf Fltr of the
r-':i Baldwin Hotel an<i the Mutual Ba.r.k
building vQI be well along toward comple
tion by the close of the present year In
til probability. The contract fcr the clear
ing up of the Baldwin Hotel site tor the
erection of its successor has already been
let. The greatest Improvement off Mar
. kct street is in the KCtion east of Third
and eouth of Market, on Mission street,
although some of the north and south
streets are in the van of progress. .
Stockton is the first California city to
make an organized mvoe to take advan- ,
taee of the Rrcat Immigration into the ,
6tat» which may follow tho prantins .of J
colonists' rates from the East. The s-ik- ,
nificance of the European steamship con- 1
nections' of the Union Pacific combination ,
should not be iOft Fight of in c-=t;:iuiting ;
the immigration to California, that seems ¦
to be impending. As will be sen else
where, the Stockton real estate men hu\e
prepared to pot all the business they can
• out of this new phase of affairs. The old ;
¦torv Is Ftill true that the builcir.s BP<H
the "interior will tend to build up tan
Francisco more than any other commu- j
Froelich has Purchased j
throuph the agency of Baldwin <v- Howell ,
a lot. SO^xivk* feet, on the north line of j
ICapa street. In the Potrero. v.ith front- ,
aces on the we«t line of Michigan and on ;
r..- east line of Illinois street. There are ;
buildings en a part of the property which j
bring in an income of $275 p'-r nn'ntn.
Mrs=. Charles Hinnir.g and Anna M. Uro
ppr wtre the c elU-rs.
Bove«\ Toy «S: Sonnt?g report the Fale c
a lot, 43:10x137:6 feet, on the north iim* of
Mission street. 137:6 feet e.ist from Heale.
for Mrs. J.im- Gallagher to Keuben H.
J-loyd for ?40.<Xi0; also the property at JIj
California street. 127:6 feet east from Bat
tery, the lot being 27:6x91:8 fert. The pur- j
chaser is Thomas Dcnnigar. and the p«',ler .
Mrs. Caroline Hicks. The price was S30XXX).
Th.o present irnprovements consist of a
two-story and basement brick building.
o. D. Baldwin reports the fale of the south
*a»t corner of Scott an-1 Sacramento streets
for tM.W0. The dimensions of the lot are I
a 6x81:1 I'jvmi it are two bu'.ldinirs. one of I
wbiefa contains e!x flats. The lot, 41xl3T:«. on
The ivost line of Hyde, IS* north from Sutter
I m been told by O. D. Baldwin for T. H.
Hatch to K. A. Vance for t'^03: also northeast
«-orrser r<t Clay ar.J Powell, 40x60, the price.
brine- raao,
Thraas Mapee * Pons report the f=ale of
\ v .'- s-.uthe.ist corner of E-lfly and Leavenworth
Etreeta for F. A. 'Wicket-sham to J. G. Dem
:r,e for 138,40*. The lot is 41 feet on Eddy
Ftreet by CT-:4*i on L^aver.»orth. The lm
provexnents coneict of a 3-story and basement
nuiiJlni?.
>;. !1. t:mb5en & Co. report th« follow! ng
recent tales: For L. 1L Hoefler. I "flats,
pouii.wfst corn<--r Twenty-third and Dolores
utrcets: let 74x114 fe<>t. private terms:
for Dr. Taylor. residence, northeast
corner HaiRfct «.n<1 Broderick streets, and lot
47 <xM •'¦ feet, j:5,500; for Mrs. Wensinger, lot
!00x2C4 f«-et. northwest corner Tulare and II
lincif streets, 111.273; for M. Cohn. 3 flats, 1738
to 1742 Sutwr street, and lot 23x112:6 feet,
IU.W0; for Thomas Dennlr»n. lot 160x85 feet
en The northwest corner Fifteenth and Fol
•-•¦irr. Ftr'-etf. S10.750; for the Monck . estate,
?tore and two hou»e« and flat, southeast cor
r.T F<-.li«om street and Harrison avenue, and
• '• rti feet, t*0O; for the German Bank.
nASitstot 12*3 Gouph street and lot 27:6x110
f"t. r vfl : for the Carll«l"! estate, cottage at
!W Pe^fn^ero street «.nd lot 27:6xl'V) feet.
tiac*>: for Annie 6. Denny et at.. Improvements
«'<> Mlr.r.a ftrr»-t and lot 25xS0 feet, $1200; for
a. H. Ha'.'.y. lot on north line of Greenwich
Ftreet, 4« fft east of Montgomery, C6xl37:C
feet with 1^ <3:Cx44 feet. J4000: for Mrs. Meyer.
li.t 2?.xlO5 feet southeast corner Waller street
ar<l Slavonic avenue. Jlw'i; for ilrs. Levy.
lrr.provenier.tn &40 Brjant Btreet. store and
fat, lot 14x30 feet, northwest corner Chesley
rtreet. t"4'»0.
Uurnham & Marsh Co. have sold for Mrs.
L A. nemalte to Dr. T. L. Mahoney for
»45»i, the hrw ar.1 lot 2^x137:6 on south Una
of Jacfcmi Ftre»t. 337:6 feet #a?t Of Polk.
O'-f.r Bensaa reports the sale of the lot on
the fact ii re o f Uoff m an avenue. £1:6 north
fr-rm Tv »nty-th1rfl Ftre^t. and two lots on the;
r^rbett real for R00. He, is rutting up a six
ro^m &rA bath rpttage on the south line of
T*er.ty-tt'.Ti ftreet.
Forne> of th« representative sales that
have found thrir way to record durin?
the past w?rk are a<? follows:
JmdwObx to Iiar.r.ah Tucker. Booth line of
Iieyes, 1C:6 feet east from Ortavla. JStI^o
$'<00; Morris Lanrto to Clara K Wall north
*>£L.«t corner of Ellis erA Ortavla, < »7-Cx*7-6
rs.f'f-; H"nrv P. Conrady to Emma "j." Mat
thews. esj= t line o( Clayton. 37 :« feet *outh
fiom Page KilC:«. SCOQ: JuM-tta r> O w> y ,o
.J'*e r h F. Burke, north line of FevenWnth
?.~2:6 feet «a*t from Valencia, C.:xll2 $7KK)'
Caroline L. Ashe to Camilla F. I^oval' pouth
line of PaTamer.to. 1*7 :« weft from Buchanan
gtzttixm* j:»000; George W. Stone to Kl-vjn
Pirne, north line of Liberty. 230 fe*t eatt from
Castro. 2;xll4. $S'»0: William Johnston to
•"•eorge t. JchnFtrtn. north line of IfaJght 50
get eart from Pierce. 2oxllO, $6000; Bertha
Neajrie tt> Wilson F. Jewett. northwest corner
«' Arfcliury end Pare. rExlOC:3. $9000- E. W.
orrl Henrietta C. Rritt to Samuel Ct Murphy,
r ' -rthwe*t corner PaciSc avenue and Brodcrlck
4."xJ27:iV., J11,«K).
The loans put on record during the past
wr-f-k have all b^n 5mall. Only one ex
cff-dpd $30.00". which may be considered a
tpmarkablp fact. Hush"S.. Ellen. S. and
Denis fi. • Dimond borrowed J15.000 from
the Hibr-rnia Sa\ir.j?s and Loan Society
on property on the north line of McAllis-
Y'T. «tree«. 1S7:6 east from Larkln. 60x
Th<» releaMfl anfl reconveyances record
ed during the week uf-re also for small
amounts in most instances. The lamer
releases recorded were as follows:
Mutual Bartagn Rank to Frederick and Mary
E. R>>r, for J15.00Q. south line of OFarrf'l
112.66 feet east rrom Powell, 25xl37€- Califor
nia Safe I>j>o*It Company to Oorge M. and
Eliza V. La»»on. fcr $10,000. eart line of Fair
° aks - ? i;*, S5£« T- Uth tmm Twenty-second
ureet. »>:Ct11i:6; Ocrman Savings and Loan
Society to MiKK'.on Ix>4ge Masonic Hall Asso
rlstion. for 'f 18,000, northeast corner Fourteenth
and Guerrero. 9*xC&:6 and *e« line of %\\*
*lon street. 146 feet north from Twenty-third
.'¦4x125; Alexander Ferran to Frank H. Burke'
for $15,000, northwest corner of Butter and
Kearay; Christian M. "Hoffman to M. H. Lojran
for $15,000. southeart line of Biuxome, Ji-g
r'jrthe«*t from Fifth. 91:8x120, and west line
of Whitney. 3rt> feet pouth from Grove. £0x121
Builders' contracts have been recorded as
follow*: Alvlnza Hayward with Qeorge H.
Tay Company, for rough piping in place above
b&Rrrnf r.t. piping in basement, boilers eet. «>tc.,
*H.10f>: B. H. IV.chtensteln with Pettersson *¦
ivrtf-.n. for the removal of three-etory and
t sEeir.^rt frame building south .line of O'Far
nll. 127 6 wect from Mason, $6379; Emma F.
Boards!'}- with Edward T. Leiter, for all work
rxr^pi shades, gae and electric fixtures for a
two-«ory frame building to contain flats on
ih<* west line of Stelner Mreet. 65 feet south
from Broadway. $i€55: Hartland Law. with A.
.'. McNIcoll, for freight elevator, coalhole cov
«*!-5 ana sidewalk e>\-ator for a slx-»tory and
tasunpnt brick building on the we*t corner
at Minion and Annie. {2050; Julia V. Huliue
with Sebastian B. Kre*«. for two-story frame
rp»ld»r.oe on the northeairt corner of Belvedere
end Frederick etreets, $«75; James 8. Patrick
with Thomas S. IXoin, for all work en a four
tf.ry frame building, flats, on the south line
of Kacramonto, 27 :« south from Spruce, $4000;
Jean IJedecarrats with Charles M. Lindsay,
for a tvo-rtory and frame building and in
the rear a frame stable building on the east
line of Devtsadcro, 112:C south from Ellis,
$4100: FVank Farothey Krtth William Horst
m<-->er, tOl work except painting for a two-
"Doc" Hamlin and hie side partner.
State Senator Leavttt. will do a little
medico-Senatorial turn together. Council
man. Felton Taylor has been pressed into
service for interlocutor. He will do for
his special feature a little illustration of
"How I Stole Jack Gilpln's Ride." Dr.
Harry Travers will carol his new ditty.
"Drill. Ye Tarriers. Drill."
The programme is a little uncertain. yet.
but the rehearsals will begin this week,
as soon as the performers recover from
the trip that was made to Santa Rosa to
day. ! The committees in charge of the
event are: • ¦ •
"'Amusement— D. H. Mclaughlin, Everett §.
Dqwdle and Charles J. Heoseman.
Programme— William Matthews, Jack Mat
thews, Theodore Gler and Joseph Ghlrardelll.
Press — Harry.P. Travers, Thomas Crawford.
Paul Struckman and John P. Barrett.
Reception to Visiting Elks— George \V. Reed,
C. H. Hawsbaker. Joseph Ghlrardelll. J. Seul
berger, F. H. McFeely and "Pop" Remillard.
j..;..;^T~T~I-.?..T..T-%^~?~%^« ¦'¦¦!..;,,;..v..M..'^.j.a
They have scoured the Elk Lodge for
talent. and the only trouble is to find places
on the programme for the stars that have
been uncovered. Charlie Heeseman of
fered to tear off a few new selections uf
rag time for the affair. Kae time beliyj
unknown in Oakland, his otter was eager
ly accepted, and Smith and Warnock are
each claiming the honor of having found
something new under the sun.
Guy Smith, who is something of a man
ager himself, and W:O.Warnock are Koin?
to handle the show from a managerial
point of view. When they get through it
is expected that the theatrical profession
will have witnessed tho sudden rise of two
Augustin Dalys, who will be able to stop
at once into the shoes of the great and la
mented manager.
Was because he could not keep the limit
down and told two. There will be Just
oire performance, and the Elks aregolni?
to have first call upon the seating ca
pacity of the house.
The body of Mrs. Mary M. Seely, who
was murdered by her husband. Frank M.
Seely, was shipped to-day to her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Drummond. at Clover
dale, near Portland, Or. Mrs. D. B. Ladd.
a sister of the dead woman, accompanied
the remains. In accordance with instruc
tions from the Order of Railway Conduc
tors at Portland, of which Seely was a
member. Coroner Mehrmann has had the
husband's body- prepared for shipment.
No definite directions concerning the dis
position of the body have as yet been
received. It is presumed that it will be
6ent*to Portland, which is the home of
the suicide's parents.
The child Helen, who was made an or
phan by her father's tragic act, remains
now under the care of Mrs. Seely's rela
tives and friends in this city. There has
been nothing done with relation to her
future. It is said that her father was
insured in several beneficiary organiza
tions. That being 60, the little girl will
be provided for, as she is the joint heir
with her two stepbroth'— s, children of
Seely by a former marriage.
Mrs. Seely's relatives are not informed
concerning the value of her interest in
the Donnelly estate, of which her hus
band made mention in his letter to her
of February 4, the message which was
written to deceive her concerning his visit
to San Francisco which ended in the
Franklin-street murder and suicide. W.
H. Drummond. Mrs. Seely's brother, with
whom she resided here, Is undecided
about the care of the child Helen. It is
not unlikely she will be sent to the old
folks at Cloverdale. »
Drummond has abandoned tha fiat
where the shooting occurred.
"I could not live in that house, he de
clared, "with the horror of this awful
crime about it. All of my well-laid plans
have been upset. Sister and I had ar
ranged to furnish the place and to have
a home there for us all, with a chance to
entertain the old folks when they should
come to visit us.
"Mrs. Seely had been visiting among
her relatives In San Jose and Stockton
since she came here last August, and
when we got this flat we decided to set
tle down. Now It is all en led.
"She gave up herllfe for her child, and
it was a sacrifice that -she was willing
to make. With all of her sad experiences
as Seely's wife she was willing to go to
any. extreme rather than again part with
"oroner Mehrmann will hold the formal
Inquest to-morrow night at the Morgue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 10.
Sister of Mrs. Mary Seely
Accompanits Remains
• to Portland.
1. "N'o man can escape from hla early
inpre£sion.«, and it is fortunate that
Shakespeare lived his early life in the
beauty and simplicity of Stratford. In
nearly every play of his, he goes back
to It in thought as he finally went back
to it not as one weary of life, but as» one
who had worked in order to enjoy life."
First evening.
Quote short passages from three or four
of Shakespeare's plays in which the poet
evidently draws upon his early memories
of rural English scenes for his descrip
tions. (
2. "What Homer's poems •were to the :
Greeks Shakespeare's plays .were to the !
Elizabethans and will be to all English
men." Second evening.
Explain and Illustrate this statement.
Quote passages from Shakespeare's plays
(as for example from "King John") which
have inspired Englishmen to be proud of
and love their country.
3. "Shakespeare frequently has several
more or. less fully developed ' actions or
stories in the same play, especially in hla
comedies." Third evening.
Mention the stories— in cases where
there are several stories. — to be found in, ¦
say, three of Shakespeare's plays (includ
ing one tragedy). Detail somewhat par
ticularly what may be called the second
principal story in "The Merchant of
Venice."
4. "Lear, Hamlet, Othello. Ophelia, Cor
delia, are far more to the world than 1*
they had gone peacefully to the end of
their days." Fourth evening.
Explain this statement. Why should It
be so? What other characters alone of
Shakespeare can be placed with those
mentioned here? Why so.
5. " 'The wooing of Lady Anne by Rich
ard,' Professor •Furnivall says, 'has stir
red me in reading it aloud almost as
much as anything in Shakespeare." " Sev
enth evening.
Can you agree with this statement of
Professor Furnivall's? Give reasons ,for
your answer. Characterize in your awn
words and according to your own opin
ions the part played by Anne in the play
of "Richard III."
6. "Shakespeare of all men was the
least bookish." Eighth evening.
What evidence have we of this? What
was the quality of Shakespeare's knowl
edge? How for the most part was it
contained? Mention one or two other
great writers who were not bookish. Men
tion one or two who In your opinion were
bookish. •
7. "There were several facts which al
most forced Shakespeare to dislike and
antagonize the Puritans and to admire
and favor the • crown and the nobility."
Ninth evening. •
Mention some of the facts referred to
here. What reasons have we for believ
ing that the statement in the quotation
is true? What was Shakespeare's att!
tude toward what is called in the text
"everybody's suffrage"? Is Shakespeare
to be censured for this attitude?
8 "No one can hope to understand
BODY OF SLAIN
WIFE SENT HOME
Note— Only eight questions are • to be
answered in all, but these may be any
eight.
14. "The historians of the Elizabethan
age left us little about the everyday life
of the time, and we find slight Informa
tion on the subject in contemporaneous
writers txcept the dramatists. Shakes
peare in particular." Twenty-third even
ing.
Mention a half-dozen points of manners
or customs peculiar to the Elizabethan
age of which we get Information through
Shakespeare. Quote Shakespeare's very
words illustrative of each point mentioned
if you can.
15 " 'Shakespeare has no heroes.* says
the great apostle of the beautiful (Rus
kin); 'he has only heroines.' " Twenty
fifth evening.
What measure of truth Is there In thjs
statement? Justify it as far as you are
able— that is to say. from Ruskin's"stand
point. To what extent is the statement
not true? Substantiate your answer under
this head by references to thejfspeclflc
qualities of some of those characters in
Shakespeare's plays which we I usually
speak of as heroes.
What justifications are there in the text
for this statement? If the statement be
true, why is it that Henry V as a char
acter on the acted stage is leas Interest
ing and impressive than Hamlet or
Othello?
12. "If you compare 'Twelfth NIghf
with 'The Comedy of Errors' and 'The
Two Gentlemen of Verona,' you will find
a great similarity In the situations and
incidents; at times, too. in. the charac
ters." Twenty-first evening.
Specify briefly the similarities referred
to here. . Why Is it,- then, that "Twelfth
Xight" is a far more popular play,
whether to s=ee acted or to read, than
these two other plays? Wherein, for ex
ample lies the peculiar fascination of
"Twelfth Night" that makes it as popu
lar almost as "As You Like It?"
13. "The most famous of all the play
houses with which Shakespeare was con
nected was the Globe." Twenty-second
evening.
Describe generally the construction,
character, etc.. of Elizabethan play
houses. What was Shakespeare's special
connection with the Globe?
11. "Henry V as a master "of life Is In
finitely beyond either Hamlet or Othello."
Twentieth evening.
What reason is there for this state
ment? Is the misgiving justifiable? If
so. why is it that the play is not only
readable but likable and productive of
moral wholesomeness?
10. "Most readers approach the 'Antony
and Cleopatra." with some misgiving."
Seventeenth evening.
Give a synopsis of Dr. Rolfe's account
(as detailed In the text) of the composi
tion of "Henry VIII" and of the way the
facts concerning this composition wero
surmised and established.
9. " 'Henry VIII' is another play which
is Shakepeare's only in part." Sixteenth
evening.
Shakespeare who does not read carefully
every scene, every line in a play."
Twelfth evening.
Justify this statement. "Why. then. Is
Shakespeare so much "cut dowYi"" in mod
ern representations of his play? upon th«
stage? As regards complexity of story,
wealth of incident and numerousness of
characters, how do Shakespeare's plays
compare with the classic plays of the an
cient drama?
Turning Over Moss in Search of Ancient Jokes Which
Will Be Served Up to the Public in New Dress.
"Shame to the Mayor that he would con
sent to be Mayor and permit such a state
(if thing-si Shame to the Chief of Police
.¦irid the Police Commission for shutting
their eyes to the vice^and slavery which
are rampant in Chinatown! Shame to me
District Attorney, who has failed to in
struct these officials as to what course
they should take when the law is being:
violated at every turn! Shame that it
was necessary for a committee of the
Stale Legislature to probe into the cor
ruption of the police! ,
"We have slavery in this city protected
i by the iHiIiee. who are on friendly terms
•with the white watchdogs who are 'paid
to jirevetit the rescue of ihe slave Rirls by
Chris. .an women who are laboring zeal
ously to correct this infamous tratlic. I
tell you that there is blood money Rt the
root <>f it. I ap;>eal to you to battle against
rns Moloch of slavery. I say that any
man that would countenance such a stale
of affairs should be tarred and feathered
ami run out of the community, and 1
would be the first one to apply the tar to
his miserable body. There arc more than
600 slave girls detained as slaves by tne
slave deaiers and we mean to effect an or
ganization to licht them on their own
ground.
"The Major and Chief of Police have
proven themselves unfit to stand as lead
ers and representatives of this city for
permitting this awful curse to blight Us
lair name. Both plead Ignorance of the
law, but that is no excuse. 1 say let us
clean up this plague spot. I do not know
whether anybody has been bribed or not.
but there Is something wrong with a mu
nicipal administration that allows such a
vile system to flourish. The Mayor and
Chief of Police say it is a necessary evil.
Think of a man daring to utter such a
blasphemy in a Christian community!
A forceful sermon was . preached last
night at the First Methodist Episcopal
Church by the Rev. rrank N. Baker, who
chose for hi.= subject ••slavery in San
FranciFco." After asserting that slavery
among Chinese girls exists in its worst
form in Chinatown. Dr. Baker bitterly ar
raigned Mayor l'htlan. Chief of Police
Sullivan ami the Police Commission for
permuting so terriMe a condition of affair^
to exist In a Chri.sii.iii community. An in
teresting feature of tiicdiscourse was tne
presence at the services or four former
Chinese s-Iavo girls, who had been rescued
from their keeper?.
•'The tact uiat slavery exists in this
coniniuniiv an>"ng the Cninese." said Dr.
UakfT "is proven by indisputable evi
dence,' notwItastawMng that the Mayor
and his Chief, of i'ollce plead Ignorance of
its existence. How lhe.se civic ottlcials can
Bit complacently by while the heinous
crime is being committed in our very
mid^t passes my comprehension. : The>e
poor creatures are held in bondage in .spite,
of the laws of the United States and in
the race of an enlightened civilization.
Says They Are Unfit to Stand
as Leaders of This Com
munity While Traffic
Flourishes.
Rev. Dr. Baker Declares
Mayor and Police Com
mission Responsible.
CHINESE SLAVERY
IS HIS THEME
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be Riven three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Cer
tificates will be granted in each cou-se to students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle, San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Examination."
DIRECTIONS: Write with ink on white paper and on enly one ride of cacn
sheet. The noe and address of th? candidate should be distinctly written at
the top of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writinjr upon more than
ono course should mall their examinations In separate patkaKes. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding- as possible. S->e that postage is fully
prepaid. , •
The names of successful candidates will bo arranced in three groups accord
ing to order of merit, as follows: (1> Kxcellent. ("> coed. (3) fair.
¦ • ¦ . • . ¦ . .
Examination Questions in the* Course
Laid Out in Thirty Shakes
• peare Evenings.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
ELKS PREPARING TO STAGGER OAKLAND
WITH LATEST THINGS IN MINSTRELSY
THE SAN FI5ANGISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, li)01.
7
c
715 Market at., S. F. iShattuck av.. Berkeley.
Jth & Was'h'n. Oak. Central av.. Alameda.
7th & Wood. Oakland. 1 53 S. 1st «t., San Jose.
917 Washington St.. Oakland.
§ Ct Eastern Hams pound u^c S
Special selection. Q
Sugar cured— medium fat. g
rt Size 12 to 1* pounds. Monday only, g
§ Vulcan Parlor Matches |
O Guaranteed Sure Strike, rfcer 1 T Ac **
O Used tn U. S. Navy. g
8 Codfish Middles §
I 2S!!£ 4 pounds 25c I
.O" - Boneless— select and tender. £t
g Fancy Ranch Eggs »
8 Guaranteed flo7Pn TiC O
ft Btrtctly fresh. UOZen M
« Assorte * Teas pound 30c $
S Pure tea leaves. O
ft Oolong-. English Breakfast uncolored. 4^
0 . Gun Powder Ceylon. Green Japan. <%
§ Java and Costa Rica g
p Coffee * pound 20c
8 Noted for strength and flavor. % S
<>> Res;. 30c. Monday- and Tuesday. ££
§ Duffy's Malt Whiskey |
1 Re=. 'ss5 lclnal use ' bottle 70c g
§ American Club Whiskey §
% full quart bottle 50c g
O Straight Kentucky Bourbon. O
O Re»T. 85c. Monday only. g
X Old .Crow Whiskey §
S • full quart bottle 95c §
O Or Hermitage. 1S30. Rejr. $1.23. 3
§ Table Claret gallon 25c !§
S Good wine, §
O ' Monday and Tuesday. . O
g Nagl.ee Brandy $1.00 5
O ' 30 years old. O
Q Most famous of all California prod- Q
tf net*. Reg. $1.50. *>
: Last year the price: of unbound French
bpoks was raised from fifty cents to fifty-
five. Recently another . five cents was
added, in consequence of the Increased
price of paper. . .
American porcelain and glassware are
finding a ready market in Brazil.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1901.
8
v BAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BirsiNFSS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Can. comer cf Market and Third streets: open
•cntll 12 -O'clock every night in the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES-K7 Montgomery street,
ermer Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. in.
500 Hayes street: open until 9:33 p. m.
«S3 McAllister btreet: open until >:30 p. ra.
<J3 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3*41 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
I2P1 Market ftreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until i p. ra.
JOS Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JC9S Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
n;rkv Ftrrets: open until 9 p. m.
llEISTI.tG .\OTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. IS. .=.
K. T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sut fif*
t<>r st.-Special assembly THIS EVEN- fTj
ING, at S o'clock. The order of the wy
lied Cross will be conferred. All fra- >ir
ten are courteously Invited.
ROUT. McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. KecnrdT.
• m
BAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal _#\-
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. Jfc/C
M. M. degree. ' ~ *
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. _
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at JgX-
'':Z0 o'clock, first decree. By crJer of J_JT
the W. M. /tr>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and A. m
M.— Officers and rr.srrbers are respect- -J%_
•.::¦• requested to aFsemble at the t<= !•)- /_«
pie. 12 :n.. MONDAY. Feb. 11. thence '"'
:errv 12:C0. services at AJcatraz Masonic Hail.
Peralla st.. near Seventh. West Oakland, for
tha purpose of conducting the luneral of our
iate brother. JAMES REED.
EDWIN L. MEYER. See.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. K0. F. and a
A. M.— Franklin Hall. Killrnore. be-
iween Bush and Gutter. First degr»e >J2f
this evening at 7:30. '"'
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge Xo. 29. I. O. O. <*S^^f5f,
F — Funeral ijMall please a*- =^>JS*ySy^
2SO&BOW (TUESDAT) *t 1^:30 £*»•?*?
p. m. to attend ihe funeral cf our late
brother, A. EISELF.N.
SAMUEL rOLACIC. Secretary.
HERMAN LodpTNo. 14:T~I. O. O.
r.— Officers an-1 brothers of the
funercl committee ar? respect-
fullv r-»<;upst' " to »«s^n-.ble at I. '***V^
O. O. F. Hall TCESDAT. February 12. 12 nv.
to attend the funeral of our late brother. 1L
IIAASHAGEX. liy order of
GUSTAVE LOET, N. G.
•A. H. BRECK WOLDT, Secretary.
OFFICERS and member* of Court Twin ML r /*»
P<-aks Xn. 7ZZ6. A. O. F. — You are \^C
kindly requested to attend the funeral 5"'V
of our deceased brother. ALFRED **_»
KISELEN, from his late residence.
Twenty-fourth aM IV,lore« sts.. en TUES-
DAY. February IX nt 1:39 p. m. By order
F. A. IRVING. C. R.
ALEX. SMITH. F. S. I
THE nr.nual meeting of the stockholders ot j
the Plerr* Railway Company of California '¦
will be he!fl at the office of tt-.e company,
number Tii Crocker building. City and County
ri Kan Francisco. State of California, on
WON DAT. the llth day of February. 1801. at
the hcur of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
cf electing directors for the ersuir.g year and
the transaction cf euch other business a» may
ccme befcre eald meeting.
8. M. RICKET. Secretary.
Dated January 2S. 1S01.
JCOTICB cf *tockho!drrs' meetinr— A epeclal
meeting of th» stockholders of the Honolulu
futar Ccmpary Is called for and 'vlil be
held at tbe office of the company. No. S27
Market St.. ?an Francisco. Cal.. on MON-
DAY. February IS. i?01. at 11:30 o'clock a.
m.. for the purpose of considering a propo-
sition to d'.FEolve the corporation and to ron-
f'.dtr such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. By order «f the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sugar Company.
r>n««><1 Pan Francisco. February 2, l»0l.
AGENTS WAXTED. .
A1ENTS— Authentic an4 complete life of Que?n
Victoria: outfit ready: s<*r.<l 1ft cents for poft-
ece: >v>st bocks: rrort liberal terms. R. It.
PATTERSON. 425 Monteomery st.. city.
C'EHN VICTORIA'S Life nrri HeiEn: com- ;
rSfte: fully illustrated: useri*? Fave time anl i
freleht: send lis ten t-ao-cent stamps for j
nutfit. Th" J. Dewing Co.. San Francisco.
AGENT, large inborn-", as representative ot
local mar.ufa'-turer. Write to box 1616. Call. '
PHLICITOI*. jrentlerr.an; good proposition. 3C3
Fourth st. i
ASPIIALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflns, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11SG Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
ro fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Market.. cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills b'.ir.. r. S. 4th Cr. : tel. P.ed S61S.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. M-ason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket st, : consultation free: no fees ln advance.
HOARDING roil CHILDREN.
LADY wou'.d like children to board; a nic<»
sunny fiat; plenty good food and kept
clean. 272 Clementina st.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
gdod care. r.STi Vallejo. Go'.den Gate. Oaklnd.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1COO; SALOON estab. many years and good
paylag: located clcse to Hall of Justice: full-
est investication solicited: this lg a rare,
chance. Cell R. G. WILKE, IG'-i Kearny st.
A— J7CC; HALF interest in one of the best sa-
loons en water front: party must b» honest-
ar.d pood business man. Call R. G. WILKE
I6S Kearny Et.
A— GENERAL merchandise store; about 30
miles from S. F. : estab. many years and do-
ing a first-rlass paying business: price J400C:
m. very rare chance and fullest investigation
nolldtcd. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
>.— ?27;0: SALOON, few doors south of Market
Bt.; place kept by owner 12 years and Is do-
ing a good business: sickness only cause of
sale: net rent JCJ. Inquire R. G. WILKE.
"€'a Kearry et. I
A-JSOO; <"ORNER butcher shop ln northern
part of city: rent $20: horse, cart: felling 4
cattle and about 15 sheep per week- a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE. J6H .Kearny st.
A-11200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
clone to Union Iron Works; rent $00; 4 years'-
lease; a first-class paying business; owner
must leave for N. Y. to settle estate: inves-
tigate and make offer. R. G. WILKE, 2ZV-
K'-arny St.
PARTNER wanted ln * large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
eoljd and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties
¦wi'I be the keeping of accounts end assist-
ing generally ln the management of the busl-
rets; one accustomed to horses preferred;
rarjital required J5000 to JIO.OCG; full value in
tirh*. ; bonks and business open for investiga-
tion. J. W. Donnelly & Co.. C32 Market st.
A rartr.ershlp; profitable business; c?sh capital
required J2i0: bal. ran be paid from profit*.
Particulars DONNELLY CO., C32 Market. •
TO buy or roll ciuar stores, bakeries, restau-
rants, saloons, butcher shops or business of
Rny kind *ce Eureka Heal Estate Co.. 28 Cth.
A SHOE etore ln country for sale: account of
glcknegg. Call at :» Second st. : leather store.
A— SALOON men. attention— Saloon at a sacri-
fice this week; fine fixtures, stock, etc.; good
trade; departure cause of tale. McLACGII-
LIN. 77714 Market st.
$40O— Manufacturing business partner wanted:
lnvertiratc; old-established; good chance for
acceptable party. Donnelly Co.. 63! Market.
11750— COItNEH saloon; no niRht work; good
location: erood reason for selling; no agents.
RESTAURANT and coCee saloon; daily re-
celpts about J6Q. C-Il at place. 410 Kearny.
FALOON for sale. 100 Clay st.: bargain."
J70&— FOR sale, a nice restaurant, with cash
receipts of $12 to J16 dally, besides 8 weekly
and monthly boarders, with 10 furnlsh-d
rooms: rent free for one year. Apply lii
Point Lobos nve.
; — / !
OUTSIDE route on thli paper for tale. Apply
Call BsdneH Office.
AA— J4M: GRAND opportunity for lady br gent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
¦Waiting-room. 22d ave. station. E. Oakland.
STATE 'rights: money-making patented lri-
vtantaneous freezer. S. SWEANY. French
Hofgltal.
J1100— BEST creamery, with ¦ dairy produce,
candy, etc.. horse and wagon: daily receipts
over »40: trial given. Box 1S12. Call.
jlX ¦ enenretlc partner with $5000 to purchase
one-third Interest ln a profitable mercantile
business. Addresi Confidential, box 1795. Call.
PROF. JOHN TILTON — Rheumatism, sprains
and bruises cured; IS j;ears experience.. Par-
rott bldg.. 4th tic. rtn«.' 475-476; 10-12 m. 1-3 p.
FOR «al» cheap— A complete patent brick
pTsnt. Address Rldrnhour Brick Co., Hilton,
fccr.orr-a County, CaL
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber tands. yards, lum-
ber fctock. donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. & V. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
BRANCH bakery, delicacies, candles;-good bus-
iness; fine rooms; cheap rent. Box 1514, Call.
$22.1*0 — GOOD business property: steadily rented
$125 per month. Address box 1571. .Call Uflce.
FOR Sale — Half-Interest- in patent automobile;
best on record. Box 1530. Call office.
TOBACCO and cigar store, with living room's:
ebtablished: price $(00. Box If CO. Call of lice.
jiMt — CANDY store; choice location. Call V27
Market, r. CO?. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and S to 5:30.
$30 WINS $300 per month .at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. -4.
J LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
i Apply business office.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subscriptions
{ received et Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
j A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
< subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valfncla gt -
LODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE.
i FOR SALE— LODGING-HOUSES
i HOTELS. BOARDINO-HOUSES
; ' FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES..
From 3 to 250 Rooms
I Prices from $30 to $20.000
Payments to suit. Give me a call
! Money to loan at lowest rate
Call. I can suit you ,
II. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have larg-
est list of lodging-houses and hotels; can suit
all buyers: title given with each house sold;
money leaned buyer*; no fake prices; before
I buying: call and be convinced.
G. \V. SCHWEINHARD.
1 Rooms 1-2, 917 Market st. ; tel Mint 1911.
I MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2,
! near Call bldK. tel. Black 1&C3. Money to loan.
37 rooms.: rent ?1T.",; income ?3S0 .'.J2000
27 rooms; light.. sunny; money makers 1000
17 room?: rent J60; clears $S5 month 600
j 9 rooms; central: paying house 350
• SPECIAL BARGAINS.
( to rooms: rent $55; part carh $530
j 26 rooms; rent $41; see it S00
| ?fi rooms; rent $i0; part cash JGW
£•7 toom?: corner; rent J150 3000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market Et.
CO ROO1IS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
20 rooms: Vnn Nees;. finely furn.; extra.. 959
j 10 rooms, J4.",0; 10 rooms, nulck S30
• Grand bargn'.n; 14 rooms; steady roomers;
! clears $03 over all expenses: fine furniture;
fine canietf. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market.
$100— LODGING hiouFe: 16 rooms; full of perma-
nent roomers; bargain on account of other
J Miriness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., in\j Market.
j J4do_ LODGING house: 1? rooms: full cf perma-
I ner.t roomers- barpain en account of other
] bur!ne«s. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777',» Market.
I CALL and see cur list of bargains in houses;
i we have them In anv-part of the city and at
| any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
] FUth Bt.
I BUYING and selling Udslng-houses, buMne-s
places a specialty; hcurs 2 to 4. HATNES,
| 11 City Hall square.
I $24<v- n ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
J all rented: low rent. BAPILE. 3 Eddy ft.
I . — — ¦ —
j $<oo— IS ROOMS: bay-window; rent $44; pavs
! well; always fall; going awoy. Box 17S>. Call.
j TO buy cr sell business chances or lodKlnsr-
i houses see ANDREW PRICE. 30 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
! MRS. LESTER— Read Inpe. 6Cc; circle every eve
! ex. Sat.. 10c: Uevel. circle Tues. eve. 22"? Turk.
I EARLE, 305 Taylor £t.. comer Ellis— Sittings
| dally; reanee Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, hus.medlum.llfe
i reader, medical clairvoyant. ¦ 1164 O'Farrell.
i.MRS. GILLINGHAM— Hours. 9 to 4; meetings
j Tues.. Thur.. Sun.; de.vel. Frl. eve. 303 L-arkin.
i MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
; readlneit daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
i MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
hraler an<l card reader. . US Eddy st.
j C. Mayo-Steer«. 112H Oak tt.. trance medium;
1 rradlrc tl: hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
; Mever: s<tt1"-« te«t«« tn nil tn-nleht:10e.
clairvoyants.
! mm!TTi~b1^nXrd . ~
the famous
] Clairvoyant and hu«in?ss medium. 17 Third St..
! next Examiner building. She reads your life
' correctly. Rives an accurate description of the
j part, reveals the present happenings and por-
' trays events to cccur !i> the future. If you are
t ln trouble, dlsccntente-l. unhappy or not satis-
! fied ln life, or have do— ;estic. love or buslne&s
! troubles, consult this. great medium and you
) will be told how to overcome them. Valuable
: advice in all affairs of life; 2:= up; perfect sat-
j Isfactlon guaranteed.
¦ CONSULT the Quaker Tr.edl'jm and palmist: she
i will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
j vice can be relied upon in all business affair*.
; ea!es cf property, oil. min«s and lawsuits: di>
I you w^nt a better position? Call and iearn how
j to *et It. MRS. E.SANDERS. 1104 Market, r. 28.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
I medium. Is permanently located at 1236 Ma,r-
i ket st.. corner of Golden Gato nve.. rooms 23
i and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
I iruaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
I phlet v.ith special terms. Dally and Sunday.-
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
! reader, born with double vefl— secr-.d sight;
1 d!apno«es disease with life r^adlnc; I tile* DOe,
| ce/itsS': palm, an;! olalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gynsy. clairvoyant and
[ pfllmlst. permanently located 1HS Market, op.
! Cth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
i MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
j free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor. Sixth.
; MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 2Gc. 7 Seventh st.
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
i present, future: 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
; MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
, sittings daily. 41SH Jessie St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
MRS. VALEEN. palmist, clairvoyant, card
I . reader ar.d magnetic he aler. 215 Leavenworth.
j MRS. Melvlll. well-known clairvoyant, water
! reader. 11, Cth :Germau spoken :tel. Howard 1846.
I
i MRP. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
I teller, has removed tn 222 Eddy 5t.
i . .
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or nj pay: Kc. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium: mlnlntr a tpeclalty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
i MME. EYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
i band's picture 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrel* st.
j MMF RAVENNA reads life fiuentlv; business
| »»<1vTe«: nsmes Hven; ?v- ni. r, F/inrth «t.
['CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLliAMXtiT
• WHEN you become dl'KUBted with poor work
pend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I Ing Works. S3-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. South 40.
CARI'ETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Elrhth :t. : tel. Jessie &44.
j J. n. MITCHELL. Carpet-BeatInK and Reno-
J vatlr.g Co.. 240 Fourteenth rt.: tel. Mission 74.
j ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaninp Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
| tel. Main 284. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beat In* Works, 233 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
I CIlIKOPOpISTS^
j CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
j blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
F FI G K S .
CEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lets successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET."
FOR tale or to let— A nice cottage: 1S14 Ba-
ker st. Inquire at 911 Sutter st.
9 TEHAMA, near First— Cottage 6 rooms, yard,
etc.: very central; rent low.
$25— FURNISHED cottage. -6 rooms and bath;
nice garden. 722 Shotwell. bet.-2lst and 22d.
COTTAGES WAXTED!
A 4-ROOM cottage; gas. .bath and stable; state
rent. Box 1506. Call.
AT the ELECT RO-^ENTAL'cTl^criwliar^
ket tt., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without piates our specialty: rold crowns.
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m, ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
piates, crowns and bridge work. ! See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
fcr ro years: crowns. $3 60; fillings, 50c; plates.
$5. full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago L'ental Parlors, 24 Sixth Ft.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and Citings; extractions or fillings by- :ny
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
' experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest ar.d guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No- charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, SOc: gas given.'
THE New York Dentists have moved to • S«9
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult ua on crowns
and bridcea: difficult plate work solicited;
positive pt-lnlesa txtractlon. 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. ccr. Bush—
i Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: filling*, 25s.
DEXTISTS.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor; Ex-
amlner. building; formerly In Muyhy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 100J Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. Ig41 Polk st. .
» EDUCATIONAL. •¦¦ -
AYRES' Business Col lege^ 723 Market st.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-,
ship guarantees a complete buslnes3 educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COI*-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; .tuition t5 month.
ALL. students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1226 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; repcrtorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS 'COLLEGE, 24 Post.st.
S. F. — Eookkeeplnsr. shorthand, typing, lan-
guage", telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.' Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beglnnfrs; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. rxp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hlrschlng. 334 Kearny st..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, lixiva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
• tice. Merkl. reliable teacher. 100S Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing;
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo.. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
IT.I.T'STRATION— night rlwea. 42\ Pine st. I
E9IPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Kmp. Office; best
help f urn. ;. domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co. :est.
1E70: practical recommend: try them: rempved
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 12C. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
.cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61??.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. E44 California: phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5073.
CHINESE ar.d Japanese Employment Office—
Bo?t help. 41Ht O'Farrell St.: tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation in instl-
tutlon; city ref. MISS CULLEN. 32p Sutter.
GERMAN cook desires situation; small restau-
rant or coffee parlor; also German woman
wants a position as working housekeeper;
Rood . reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WANTED— By an elderly woman, housework
tn small family; good plain cook and house-
keeper; will work by day or month; no post-
als. S12 Bryant st
YOUNG woman wishes a position in private
family as cook or general housework: good j
references: wages $25; if on trial, $1 25 per !
day. 74S Mission st. ]
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place to do
general housework; city or country: wages 1
$12 to $15 per month. Address box 1576, Call, j
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to
do general housework; with good reference.
Please call at 3^0 Preclta ave., off Folsom st
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
housework in small family; good cook; no
cards. 2303 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. washing,
housecleaning or washing windows. 12C6
Folsom st.
PROTESTANT girl wishes position to take
care of children or assist with housework.
Call at 412 Sixth st.
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day
washing and cleaning. Address box 1580, Call.
.RELIABLE young woman desires position as
housekeeper: no wash; best city references;
wages reasonable. Inquire two days at the
Terrace, 739 Folsom St., between Third and
Fourth, room 27.
BOOKKEEPER, stenographer of reputation: I
credentials .furnished from Eastern commer-
cial houses, bank and Insurance officials. Box
1567. Call office.
TWO Danish girls wish situations. to do cook-
ing and housev.-ork in American family; If
possible would like to? work together; city.
Call before 3 o'clock. 818 Mission st.
AN. experienced dressmaker in ladles' anJ
children's clothes, also ladles' evening dressen,
will accept enjrag'err.ents j n families at $1 25
per day: references. 1213 Webster, -near Ellis.
COOKING to do by young American woman
for 10 or 12 men. ln country; will go to Ari-
zona or Oregon, or in the mountains; wages
$25 to $35. Bos 1766. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $6
week: convenient nnd respectable; free 'bus
nnd baggage to and from ferry.
A WOMAN wants work by the day to wash
and clean. C35 Twenry-ninth st.
WOMAN would like to do work by the day
or tor 3 or 4 hours. 146 Eleventh st.. room 10.
YOUNG widow would like to take charge of-
rooming-house: no objection to north. MRS.
T. W.. box 15C3, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes to do housework . in
good family. Apply 1263 Broadway, nr. Hyde.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SC
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
EMPLOY3IEXT WAXTED— MALE.
SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants situ-
ation In small hotel, boarding-house or res-
taurant as dishwasher or kitchen hand. Ad-
dress box K.75, Caj,l office.
COLLEGE man having experience as collector
end salesman seeks position In some mer-
cantile line offering opportunity for. advance-
ment; highest city references. Box 1577, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position in a furniture
i.ouse as drummer or clerk; bpeaks German
. nd Spanish; ten years' experience;* good ref-
erences. Box 1521. Call office.
A STEADY sober married German wishes posi-
tion of any kind; handy with tools; a good
farmer: could take care of private place or
ranch ; reference. Box 1526, Call offici?.
FOREMAN— Eastern man wishes position on
ranch or take care of small place; wife will
do cooking; no children; California experience
and references. Address box 1561, Call office.
A SOBER, reliable, married man desires a po-
sition of any kind; Is handy with tools and
a good engineer; good ' references. Address
box 1604. Call ofHce.
MAN and wife to take^ charge ot rojmlng-
house or any similar employment. Address
2 box 1729, Call office.
WANTED— Position by experienced- (male)
stenographer and typewriter. ¦ Address box
1S20. Call office. • .
GOOD all-around house painter, paperer, tlnte'.
etc., wants steady work: country preferred; 5
years' ln one shop. Box '1407. Call office.
RELIABLE elderly man wants some more of-
fices to clean or other kind of Janitor work.
L. C. ii',6 Virginia place (rear). ¦•
MAN": caretaker: single: reliable: handy with
tools; used to horses, stock, garden, etc. Box
208S. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG married man wants work of any kind;
wholesale house or factory preferred; best of
references. Box 1821, Call office.
SOBER young man wishes position es driver:
can drive 2 or 4-horse team; experienced
driver. Address R, box 1793, Call office.
STEADY, sober young man wants situation; 4
years', experience at printing; would like to
learn electrical manufacturing. Box 1502, Call;
EXPERIENCED farmer and dairyman desires
position as foreman; good references. F. w.,
box C4, Benlcia.
TENOR soloist and choirmaster 'wants posl-
tlon In church. Box. 1553. Call office. .
GARDENER situation wanted by, a practical
man. Box 15G0. Call office. ; j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at • 1096
-Valencia st. • > ¦'¦¦¦' ¦ : • ¦
~''.-'r r ' r _ exchange. .;'..;¦: • ¦'•'
$5000— HANDSOME 2-story, modern, 7 rooms
and bath, lot 60x125,., with furniture/hear uni-
versity, to exchange for farm. Address R.j
box 114. Call office, Sg^^383atgMfc
¦¦•' -. _:_¦_ FEATHER . PILLOWS. :
HOTELS -and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process : may address
FEATHER - FACTORY. , 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New; flats on "Buchanan St.. between
McAllister J and Golden Gate ave. ; 5 and ' 6
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET-Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
Jll— 4 ROOMS and bath bay-window flat: all
carpeted; range; hot and cold water; vard.
23 Holly st., E0 feet from Mission car*, oppo-
slte Thirty-third -St.; no children. .
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & 11OWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LARGE flat reasonable. Apply 820^ Jessie St.,
off. Ninth. : ¦'.'¦,;¦ ¦•¦i J
LEAVENWORTH. 1519V5— Flat of 4 rooms; gas
and bath; rent $15: sunny, side. *
LOWER flat o! 3 rooms. 123S Bush; free water;
rent $11. . ...Wr
McALLISTER. 1243, between Flllmore and
Stelner— Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath : S28.
TWO unf urnished flats. 6 Martha place, off
Geary, between Mason and Taylor.
UPPER flat of 4 large rooms and yard. 11 Ellza-
> beth st.. near Guerrero, bet. 23d and 24th.
KUnNITURE~^ftR~~SAl7ET
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
OX Jp oak bedroom set, almost, new.- Inquire
1021 Valencia st.. rooms a and 7. .--y--y,-.
FOR sale— Furniture of 7-room house. 132
Turk st. -. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. vincent.1305 Larkln ; tel. Polk 634 ;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc . see XV. E. Cody. 757 Mission': tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 13S4.
\ UELF J\VANTKD — VliAAhlS.
MRS. M. E. DAY X 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses. Santa Barbara, $20; 3 wait-
resses. Salt Lake City. $25, fare here; 3 wait-
resses, Coronado Beach, {20; 2 waitresses,
Pasadena, $20, % rate fare; waitress, com-
mercial hotel. 122 50, fare paid: 5 waitresses,
different commercial hotels. $20; 3 waitresses,
city, J20; restaurant waitress. $6: 2 lunch and
dinner waitresses, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; chambermaid, $17 50; woman cook,
$30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
French second girl. $23; German cook, $25;
second girl. Santa Cruz. $20, and many cooks
and houseglrls. city. $15 to $25. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs.; trade taught: class now forming; terms
easy: references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. 1629 Golden
- Gate ave., near Scott St.; call Monday and
Tuesday mornings.
WANTED— A competent " person to do ch3.m-
herwork and waiting; references required.
Apply at 1910' Washington st.
LADY to manage the Palace Restaurant, 223
Leavenworth St.: must be competent. Apply
at S.".n Market Et., room 6.
GIRL or woman for housework and plain
cooking. 9 Glen Park ave., oft Twelfth st.,
near Mission.
EXPERIENCED appretentlce and apprentice
girls on custom coats paid while learning.
126 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. WEMPQ
- BROS.' Paper Box Factory, 127 Mission st.
WANTED— First-clnss pants finishers. 22233
Mission »t.; only flrst class.
FIRST-CLASS skirt and waist hands: al^o ap-
prentice, paid while learn'g. 1913 Sacramento.
TA1LOREPS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market fet., room 36. -~
WANTED— An experienced person to care for
Invalid; reference required. Box 157S, Call.
YOUNG clrl to do housework; orphan pre-
ferred. 410 Third st :
I
GOOD tailoress wanted at 2197 Powell st.
GIRL wanted to take care of baby: $S month;
sleep home. 2S04 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Apprentice girl for dressmaking to
learn trade. 120V4 Hayes st.
NURSEGIRL wanted. Apply at 1S36 Sutter st.
GIRL for light housework. Apply at 1134 Turk
street. . .
YOUNG girl for ll«rht housework; references.
Apply to-day at .641 Devlsadcro st.
GIRL for housework; small .family of adults;
good home. 2516 Pine St.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S, 531 Mission.
WANTED — Refined, well woman, willing to
learn and assume responsibilities. Box 1546,
Call office.
GIRL for general housework. 2631 Howard
street.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
en pants. 511 Market st.
CO EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists. S. F. MFG. CO., 409A Turk st,
GIRL wanted for general housework: reference.
Call forenoon. 1039 Ellis St.. corner Cough.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY! -Phone Main 5848
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Navigator, steam launch $45 and found
Young man drive delivery wagon, city.. ..$35
Mun and wife, man as butler, v/lfc to cook. $40
Choreman, Marln County, $25, see boes here
2 farm hands... $25 and $30
2 orchard pruners; grafter for vineyard;
woodchoupers, tie. post arid picket makers.
Cook, plain hotel : $40
Baker, mining camp : $35
¦ Walter, small country restaurant $25
3 cooks, different places $30 to $13
MURRAY & READY, C24-636 Clay st.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT I
Cook, country hotel. $45 to $50; cake baker,
.country. $50; hotel baker and pastry cook,
$60; porter, country hotel, $20; polisher. ' hotel
laundry, $40; starch lroner, hotel laundry, $35.
3 farmers, same ranch. $20; blacksmith,
country. $2 50 a. day; vegetable gardener, $30;
butter maker and milker. $35; German couple
as butler and cook, private family, $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
A— WANTED
Four-horse teamster for city, $30 and found,
references required; milker and . chores,
steady place,' $25; pruner for vineyard, long
job, $26; choreboy and milk, $13; second cook
for boat. $25; German baker, $30 and found:
woedchoppers. postmakers and redwood tie-
makers. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. *.115
Turk.: tel.' Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union ; meets to-
night. 8:30 sharp, 82 O'Farrell. I. LESS, Sec.
GOOD bootblack, wanted; steady Job; good
wages ar.d found. 104S McAllister St.
LUNCH waiter wanted. .741 Brannan st,
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cheap rent; ac-
count sickness. "50U Howard St.- ¦ *
WANTED — A chief cook for restaurant. Ap-
ply after 9 o'clock at 1550 Market st. ¦
WANTED— A good night waiter for restaurant.
. Apply 1550 Market Bt. after 9 a. m. '
WANTED — A ' dishwasher. Cozy Restaurant,
. 1005 .Valencia st.
WANTED— 2 boys to distribute circulars. Drug
store. Ninth and Mission sts. .
MAN to open California oysters; steady Job.
. 3328 Twenty-second st., near .'.Valencia. .
BOOTBLACK wanted; barber • shop; -short
hours. 213 Sansome . «t.V < ••-, • ! v
MAN '¦ to take charge of restaurant. Apply at
SCO Market St.. room t. ¦ . • -
GOOD dining-room porter; $15. Ahlborn House,
;• 321' Grant . ave. -'.---- ; • • V
: GOOD cook, man or , woman ; j none other, need
apply.' -123 Turk -St.. basement. . ¦ -*,-.-.:-¦;
GOOD ' boy wanted at 69 Stevenson Bt., ¦ top
TAILORS— Ladies', tailor wanted for country;
must.be first-class - and rapid. -Apply at
STEIN. , SIMON & CO., Market and Second.
GET - your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. ; 662. Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts. ¦
WANTED— 2 first-class shoe salesmen. Apply
; ; , Beehive Shoe Co.. !717Market st. *
HELP WAKTZD-^UALE.
WANTED— Recruits' for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able-bodied. 1 unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over S feet
- 1 Inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English.* For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco, Cal. .-
MEN — Our catalogue -explains how we teach
: the barber trade in two months, saving two
• years; mailed free; we have no 5c shop in-
connection with our college. Moler's Barber
College. -635 Clay st. .'",.¦-
EXPERIENCED Al city solicitor for ladles'
wear: must be acquainted with the trade; ref-
erence required; no others need apply. Bor.
E47, Call of flee. •
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Competent stationer's clerk; appli-
cant must 6tate experience and salary ex-
pected. Box 1528. Call office. ¦ . --' *:'•-;
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to join me ln
small restaurant: -$30 month: must have some
cashr no experience required. Apply 496 4th.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to rit:ht party. Call between 8 and
9 a. ra. at 303 Post st.
15c BARBER SHOP, running 2 chairs steady;
rooms in rear; can be bought for JlaO.
STOLTZ. 636 Market st. _____
UNDERPRESSERS'on coats and vests. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop down town; good
trade: sacrifice. P. STOLTZ. 636 Market at.
WANTED— Man to do/porter work in saloon.
200 Clay st. v . '
WANTED— Graduate optician: Al refractlon-
Jst; $150 per mbnth. Box 1505. Call office.
2-CHAIR shop for sale cheap; doing good busl-
ness. Inquire 234 Sixth st.
MEN to .learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 330 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm. SOS Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 7C0 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and bag<age to and from ferry. £
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been • established at 1096
Valencia Bt. ¦
HORSES AND WAGONS. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Sc. DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE dray and driving horses. Just from
country: well matched and young. Apply at
•1523 Howard st.. PENN STABLES.
GENTLE young horse, 5 years old. fine cart
and harness for sal* at 1503 Church St., near
Twenty-seventh. .
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses at 721 Howard »t. ¦:
FOR SALE— Part Jersey cow and calf, elx
days old. 238 Corbett ave., near Danvera.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, bcrses. 1140 Folsom.
$50— TOP bu-gy. pinno box; nearly new; bar-
gain. 632 Market St.. room 6.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: s«nd for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1S32, near Laguna— Elsht rooms,
bath, laundry: marine view: rent $45.
8 ROOMS and' bath, basement and yard.. 2251
Mission St., near Nineteenth.
HOUSES TO LET FIK.MSIIED.
SU~NNYT"'cTe7in7~newiy~ furnished home. $10 a
month; 10 minutes from Chronicle. WILLIAM
BUTTERFIELD. Phelan building, room 42.
CALIFORNIA. 1711, near Van Ness— 10-room
house, furnished. Call bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
ELEGANT sunny furnished flat for rent or fur-
nlture for sale cheap. 430 Eddy St.-
" HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. estab. 1830:
~-nv«l to 419 T><»vl«9d»rn «t.. »•!. F*U 13».
INVALID FURNITURE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent;
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave., nr. Post Rt.
LOST AND FOUND.
WOULD the person who took overcoat Satur-
day night from Mechanics' Institute Febru-
ary 9 return papers and receipt book? No
questions asked and reward given.
FOX terrier: brown head: bell on collar. Re-
turn to Infants' Shelter, 512 Minna st.
LOST — Account book; flniicr please . return to
124 O'Farrell St.; reward.
LOST— Pocket memorandum book; left in tel-
ephone office, ferry depot, Saturday noon.
Please return to C. L. GODDARD, 406 Sutter
St.. room 8, for reward. .
LOST— Gold watch; inscription, from mother to
Mamie, Christmas. 1S95; reward $15. 2702 20th.
LOST— Silver purse and chatelaine pin; initials
M. J. L.; reward. 1917A Flllmore st.
LOST— A small closed gold watch and brooch.
Return to Y. M, C. A. office. Mason and
Ellis sts.; reward. . • w ¦
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Sah Francisco In the
name of JOHN F. JACKSON or SUSIE I.
JACKSON, No. 21S-444. Finder . will please
return to bank. •
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 218 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ¦ been established at 1095
Valencia st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
MXrTR^S^S^AND^PILLO^V^rteT^outh 7927
made to order, renovated : honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery :• expert carpet-clear.lns and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 313 nnd 320 Eleventh st.
BIEDICAL. •
Dit^and MRS. DAVIES^ 122S Market, the well-"
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for ti« HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT;a sure cure; gives instant relief; harm-
less; any one can use It: stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable: 10
years In Q. C. Hospital. London; practiced In
S. F. since 1884; maternity home; fee low.
1007«4 Market street, i near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Mark*t.
opp. 6th: world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe, reliable; practiced ln San»Francisco for
years; treated thoueands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at honie; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; 23 years'
successful practice: positive cure guaranteed;
when others fail consult free.
MRS.' DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.-
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home for patients; con-
6Ult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. -ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladies' ep<;-
v clal 1st; safe and sure cure. $3; best care;
low fees; when nil others fall consult free,
MINES AND MINING. ;
MINES bought and sold; also stocks ln mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton, * ili-
4*6. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.i 10-12. 1-3. • '
MATRIMONIAL.. .
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887: reliable & con-
fidential; lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 7C6 Ellis.
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 1876; reliable; con-
fidential lists. 10c. 323 Kearny St.. rma. S-4.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon o-tfits on hand;
22. complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ln 24 ' hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission Bt.,
, abo— e Sixth:- write, for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$6 per month;* write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
et.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month. ;¦
MISCE__A?TEOi;S KOR SAL.E.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. _6 Spear st.
MEN'S solid irolii 14-karat fine American
watches, Waltham or Elcin movements, for
$20. • UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— 20-JTON Howe wagon scale: corapound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
40 H. P. boiler and engine complete cheap; can
be seen running. 204 Mission st.
CANARY birds, males and females, also 'Har-
rer Rollers." at LOHMANN'S. 3168 ISth »t.
A 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler: 8 II. P. engine;
Cheap. J. BURKE. 1— ' Beaie st.
1 BARNES 8-ln. swing lathe: 13 H. P. Hercules
gasoline eng.; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 634 Mission.
ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chlnery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. ICO Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and M-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD - BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ «AFE. 100-111 Market >t.. San Fran.
MISCELLAM2OUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Sixth St.: phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and genta" cast-off clothir.j? bought &
sold.-SUverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Fol«om 1131.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: flrst.
second mortgages, estates ln probate. Interest
ln estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN - OLSEN.
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third gt.
A — I50O.00O ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erls. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery Bt.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
- tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE^THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room IS.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security."
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,003 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%. undi-
vided Ints.; estates. HARPER.397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building. ¦
MONEY to loan on furniture by prlvte party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salyled people on note wlthovt
lndorser. MORRE—L. fif9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Ager— 113 Phelan big.
B1JJSICAL IXSTRU31EXTS.
ALL makes; 1C0 new pianos; until March 1,
$133 up.
We handle all makes; agents for some old-
est and' most famous pianos ln existence; our
new rent contract, rent or buy. $4; privilege
to return or exchange at any time: Hallett _
Davis piano*, exclusive, oldest, most famous.
HEINE. PIANO CO.. 217 Geary Bt.
WANTED— Agents every town; write catalogues j
and prices. Heine Piano Co., 217 Geary -st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay _ Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prSces and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low '
priced jilanos for a new Steinwa? any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$8 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. S4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
. ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
IF its bargains you want, read these prices:
Good square, 150; French upright, small size,
$100: beautiful walnut Merleton, two fine
Decker & Son, almost like new, and other
bargains that we will show you when you
call. MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 783 Market 3t.
SIEGEL plays the "Regal." ~~
The " 'Regal' Is best." says Slegel.
And you want the best mandolin If you have
any at all: you want a "Regral."
We are agents for the "Regal" guitars and
mandolins. ¦
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlcaeo is KOHLER _ CHASE'S. 28.
2.5 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ;.'•, .--¦
fi ORGAN'S, from $25 to $60.
3 second-hand pianos, from $73 to J145.
4 new uprights from $150 to $195.
Guaranteed: easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ _ SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell St.;
Chlckerlng agency.
A FINE stock of high-grade pianos at reduced
prices; a magnificent upright. $123, must sell:
nice upright. $75. J. DEWING CO.. 12 Flood
building, S. F.
A BONA-FIDE cleaning out removal sale of
second-hand pianos at low auction prices, $20 I
up (this we«k only). WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Market st.
WANTED— Five good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 3M Post St.
PARTY goinp: East must sacrifice fine standard
mak'! upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.*
$75— FINE upright piano. Factory, corner
Market; Fourteenth and Church sts.
ON sale— Stelnway upright. $1S3. iTT'Seary
Et.. room JS. -V. >/
HIGH-GRADE pianos; SteCk. Hardraan, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlh. Bank.
A NKARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman Planck 303 Post.
SPECIAL SALE— -Immense reductions; se« our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 208 Post Bt.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st. •
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at ycur own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Hayes 'sL
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
C 5 E . APEST and P* st ln Amerlca-Tha Weekly
£ a l'' } 6 »>«". » ent to any address ln the
• United Statea or Canada one year for $1.
rx>*tasre paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West conw¥ourth"and"perry
EtB.; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
T.'^SiJ'" 1 .* 201 water *"•• Apply to U. H.
UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery gt.
ELEGANT furnished front rooms, sunny; netr
flat: physician or dentist. 430 Hddy st.
TWO offices and a showroom to let. Apply at
16 Second st.
CHEAP, light offices. Emma Spreckels build-
lng. 827 Market wt. ¦ .
V OII ~
25c PER share— OH stock In company paying
' regular monthly dividends of 2 per cent per
"mo.: 12HC per share— OH stock tn company
A-lth ICO barrel well: starting to drill two
more: best proposition on the market. C F
MORE. 935 Market St.. room 6.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 830 Pine street. '
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
j •¦ : Country correspondence solicited.
2S00 ACRES oil land; $5 to $3000 per acre. W*
C. HAMILTON, 8 Flood building.
~~ OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven ' territory; line of R. R_
-.= Newton. Carmen A Somew. » r. 104. Chronicle.
PA1.VTERS AMD DECORATOKS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered S3
up. Jensen A Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings?
; "PALMISTRY. . "
HT^TE^OM^FOSSELLirsclentlflc palmist 613
- Taylor «t.. bet. Qeary and Post; tel. Black 561.
FARTHERS •WTAJfTE— *. :___'__
TPARTyiER^inMtedlor half-Interest In food-
paylng meat market: only those meaning busi-
ness need answer: COO cash required. Box
1551. Call ofHce.
PATENTS A.1D FENSIOJia^ r
ADVICE 'free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer.' Examiner Die
P__tSONA— .9.
GENTLEMAN of 36. with a fair Income,
wishes to correspond with an honest Ameri-
can Protestant working girl: object, matri-
mony: all letters answered. Box 1jo7. Call.
IF you want to be successful ln all your aCalr*
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
la good within your reach, you must Uarn
how to Influence people: I will teach jou
how. MRS. VALEE.N. 213 Leavenworth st.
ON and after this date I win not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted in my name,
unless previously approved by my wife, and
thereafter Indorsed by the undersigned.
CHA9. E. BOWES.
A {3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. %l 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits, 110: dress pants. 12 73. MISFIT
CLOTH ING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to tl 50 p«r night: Jl 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and 'baggage to and from the, ferry.
CO!, rao-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fln-
lshlng fc models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
DESERVING women needing aid on suits or
legal questions, address box 17S4. Call office.
HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MR3.
PR. FUXKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltu
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the bent
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Earyptlan Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: II: at all druggists-.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 '.i Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE-
BARGAINS Getting Mora Scarce Daily.
A. 31. Speck & Co. SS7 Market St.
Opposite Kearny.
; • ' Mission-street Corner.
$38,000— Refused I70.0CO 7 years ago: corner
Mission and 14th sts.; 170x160 feet: 3
frontages; bank mortgage $26,000; want
offer: must sell.
Sutter-street Corner.
$100,000— Three frontages; 137:8x275; finest atta
In city for church or sanitarium.
Two Corners.
$73, COO— New Improvements; lot S0xt23; rents
S33S.
J70.000— Reduced From JS2.0CO.
Choice corner lot, 75- foot front: within % block
of Market st: with old Improvements;
rents about $400: the only corner that
can be bought vicinity of Sixth street.
$35.000 — Corner north of Market, east of Jones;
60-foot front; pays S per cent net.
Clay-street Corner.
137:6x127:8 feet; NW. corner Clay and Cough
sts.: magnificent marine view; cheap-
est 60-vara. in the city for bon-ton resi-
dence or flats: easily worth $40,000.
Hotel Corner.
$20,C0O— 60 feet front: vicinity of Sutter St..
east of Leavenworth St.: finest hotel,
office or roemtng-house sit*.
$12,500— Leavenworth st. ; fine locality; rents
$1CO net.
Jackson-street Residence. ~
$14,00*— Near Van Ness ave.; every modern
convenience: 14 rooms and 2 baths:
built 5 years: mcrtjrag% $8000; lot 36x
130: building cost more than prico
asked.
Building for sale; to be removed; No. CO
Eddy street.
! A, M. SPECK _ CO..
j 667 Market Street.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and'ths
cheapest call on W. J. GUNN. '530 California.
NEW up-to-date houses, 7 and » rooms; well
r.uMt: fine view; jro and see them and you
will bur. For further information see owner
on premises or JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Mont-
comery st.
IF you have lots to sell north of th« Park, then
call on W. J. GUX.V, C30 California st.
$250— A CHANCE to secure a home; 2 beautiful
lots 22x125 each: money furnished for build-
ing. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean
Vletc _\ ;
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park then
call on W. J. C.TTNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE— -COUXTnY— For Sale
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; just think of It, only $S0
per acre for 100 acres adjoining city ilmlts:
now ln big demand and easily salable In,
small tracts at $2C0 and over per acre; or —
as It Is first-class, highly cultivated, level
loam, all ln crop— It's making of very cheap,
profitable and lovely home ranch: take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make $10,000 by
purchasing this; easy terms If desired.
Remember. I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all ether agents tn S. F. : 2000>
ranches on my list: state what's -wanted and
get reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
A SNAP— House of 4 large rooms 1Sx20 each;
rent tree; ground enough for 1CO0 chickens;
on shares. For full particulars apply to
JOHN EDER CO.. 22 Kearny St.. Room Rent-
al Bureau.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
Half mile Sonoma: 37 acres tn orchard and
vineyard; furnished house 11 rooma, 2-story-
barn 40x50; -horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
WANTED — Ranch on Installment plan or win
exchange for S30CO house and -lot In this city.
Address Call branch office. 300 Hayes st.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargai n ».
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL. ESTATE.
$CCO— TO close an estate: fin* building corner
lot. 40x100; bet. railroads; 2 blocks High)
Echoo): .street work complete: bargain. £«•
owner A. O. BURNS. 1301 Par It St.. AUjneda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY UE AL ESTATE.
BERKELEY— Bargain: new modern two-$tory
house. 19 rooms; double parlor*, dining-room,
pantry, etc.. on first floor, and six bedrooms
and bathroom on second floor; only built two
years; cost about $4300; as owner Is leaving
Berkeley to accept a position In Southern
California, can be bought for $3S00; five min-
utes from the university; entrance on Tel--
frraph ave. JAMES S. MAISMITH. 433
Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURXITXJRB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Sche_haas tha
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. t»-S_ny furnished rooms for houie^
keeping and others; bath, gas. telephone.
ELL13. 421— Newly furnished fiat 3 rooms com-
pUte; also 2 rooms complete for housekeepg.
ELLIS. 1130—3 elegant unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; also high sunny basement; no
children. ¦
FOLSOM. SE. cor 9th— Fine sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; also single from $4 up.
GEARY. 1S33— Sunny floor. 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath; yard.
GOLDEN" GATE ave.. «5_Large* sunny back
parlor, nicely furnished, with kitchen.
LEAVENWORTH. 4CS. near Ellis— Housekeep-
Ing rooms; rent $12.
McALLISTER. 20^0, cor. Central are.— 3 sunny
looms. furnUhed complete for housekpg. $3.
MISSION. 1061 — Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping;, rent reasonable.
OAK, 1_— Two sunny front rooms furnished
for housekeeping. $12; basement room. $4.
, OCTAVIA. '1U3. cor. Geary— Large sunny fup.
r.l.ihe.l room, with kitchen, complete; Jl_
POST. 101S— Sunny furnished rooms; suite* and
single: also housekeeping; private family.
POST, 1213, cdr. Van Ness— Newly furnished
house, all sunny, ln suites.
SIXTH. 136— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
SMALL shop, with 3 living rms. : suitable ihoe-
* maker, barber: opp. carbouse. 20OO McAllister.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at 1394
.Valencia st.; Kitchener will ; find the fever germs as
hard to round up ¦ as the 'Boers, • particu
larly with his incompetent medical staff.
.TUOLjUMXE . RIVER AT LA ORANGE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS ,FEUr£
Generally clear -weather prevails over ¦ the
country west of the Rocky Mountains, except
In Western Washington and Arizona, where
it-l« cloudy. Rain has fallen In the extreme
southern . portion of California and . rain or
tn'otv In Arizona. . ,
• The pressure has risen over the Pacific slope.
An area of hlph pressure orerlles IJevada,
while the area of low pressure Is still central
In Sonora and theGulf of California, ..
The temperature has risen slightly In all
districts. It la about 10 degrees below the
normal In Arizona ¦ and Nevada.
Severe frosts will occur to-night In Southern
California. .
Conditions arc favorable for clear and some
what warmer weather 1n. California Monday.
¦ Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 11,- 1901: . ,\
¦ Northern California— Fair, warmer -Monday;
llpht northwest wind. : .._--. . .
• Southern California— Fair Monday? : fresh
northerly, wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday; continued cold.
;' Vtah— Fair Monday. .' , '
Arizona— Fair- In 'northern portion, rain fol
lowed by fair In southern Monday. . . ,
San Francisco , and -vicinity— Fair, warmer
Monday; light, northwest wind. . . ,• •
. . '••. " G. H.c WILLSON.
.- t , ]>)cal Forecast Official.,
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
U: minimum, <0; v mean, 47. y
"WEATHER AXD. GENERAL
Plow of Bivers.
Fo!lovrln«; Is • a' statement of the estimated
fiow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per eecondT or second" feet, one second foot
equaling BO California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llppincott. hydroerapher of the
United States Survey:
STANISLAUS IUVER AT OAKDALE.
The following' are :' the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as ! compared with those of same date
last season, .and' rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: . ¦ ¦ . ¦ ' : :
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN. FRANCISCO. Feb. 10—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
COLORADO. SPRINGS, Feb. 10.— An of
ficial - examination of the- books of the
Goldstone Mining Company has disclosed
an overissue o( 3,000,000. shares, ; and as
the stock sold for 2 cents' a share, the
shortage amounts to $60,000. C. P. JJent
ley, who is now serving. a sentence of. six
months' imprisonment ! for • overissuing
5000 shares of Astor stock, was secretary
of the Goldstone Company when the over-
Issue was made. Since the discovery of
this and other stock frauds the Colorado
Springs Mining Exchange has insisted
upon the registration "of all stocks traded
"In upon the board, thus making further
overissues impossible.
ing Company.
Books of the Goldstone Min-
Result of Official Examination of the
LARGE OVERISSUE
' . OF MINING STOCK
Literature.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— Among the pas
sengers on the steamship La Champagne
from Havre Is Miss Maude Gonne. the
Irish Joan of Arc. She will land to-mor
row. Next Saturday Miss Gonrle will de
liver an address at the Academy of Mu
sic. Then she wil make known the object
of her visit to this country, which is to
be the forming of women's clubs to give
moral and financial support to the move
ment recently started In Ireland" for the
perpetuation of the Irish language, litera
ture and art.
She will also. agitate in. the interest. of
the Boer cause the keeping of Irish youths
from enlisting in the British Army.
IRISH JOAN OF ABC
ARRIVES AT NEW YORK
Will Form Clubs for the Perpetua
tion of Irish Language and
J W Ely ,• A\*ash
John Lintges. Minn
H Bigham, Portland .
John Harvey N D
W M.llar\py. N D
H Stoner. Chicago
H A Bufflrton. Or
John F- Brennan; Qr
L K' Miller, Alameda
C J: Williams. Cal
B A Compton. la
H Cormlck, Antloch
W Everett, Stockton
V. E Buckner, Mllpltas
R Anderson. Honolulu
J Allison, Honolulu
H Doba. Cuba
Felix Goodfellow, Ens
Mrs. Mclntosh, Aus
Honolulu
H Gawatt, Honolulu
Wm A Buranard. Cal
W H Hanson & w Cal
Mrs Hallenberg. Wash
Chas Fogy, Tacoma
C W Smith & w. Cal
C White & w, Wash
W D Norton, Or
H S Smith, Vallejo
W B Hanna, U 8 V
Dr ' Q A -Broughtqn &
w, Oxnada,
E H McCaffery. N Y
J R Coyle N Y
J A Meyes, NY.
W D Foshay. N Y
J W Rubey & w, Colo.
V P Mathlvet. Ohio
O L Messerman & w,
St Louis
C F Todd & w, B C
Baron" Leo von Rosen
berg, x y
Wm Munste & w, Ti C
G W Corliss. Seattle
E C Whitney, N V •-
J Phillip Sousa N Y
Miss Dufneld, N Y
Miss -Bucklln. N Y v
F. ChrlBtsaner. N Y
W- J Shore.* Phi la
R H Sanches, Phila
H M Walker & w Cal
Mrs H S Proctor, N Y
Wm Proctor, NY
Mrs W D Thompson,
Clnncinnatl
Mrs F McLaughlln.
Santa Crua
Miss McLaughlln. Cal
J P Powell. Santa A
W B Stlckney & w.Mo
Abble La Londe Bern-'
hardt
C Coquelln. Paris
W J Gllllg. Paris
Mme Sarah Bern
hard t. Paris
Mme Levy, Paris
P O Latham, London
R O Jacobson & w. 111
J Laurltzen, Nome
Dr Si Mrs Calssarado,
Pari3
D Shosenbaum, Cal
Mrs. G . S Brancroft,
Mrnn
Mr3 B Rhodes, Minn
E E Beeman, Chicago
G W Gardiner, Chic
G .M Purnell. Sacto
A Clementson & w,
- Boston • ,
M Towle, England
M Patterson, England
J A Rlordan, St Louis
W H Sanders, Phi la
¦F W Jackson & w.N Y
W II Tlmmlns, Cal
W A Rhodes, Ohio
E C Sugg, Cal
Col English. London
C B Younger. Cal
E Roberts. Cal
W B Wood, San Jose
E R Graham, Cal
E M Johnson, .N Y
n C Tucker. Cleveland
J L Houston, Mo
Mr. Eckhardt, Cinn
H S Grlggs & w, Cinn
GRAND HOTEL.
R Elliott. Ind:
E D Rogers, Chicago
W H Hart, Cal
J D Carr, Stanford
W Young. Stanford
Mrs E J Noyes, Cal
J M Wrlghtson.-S Jose
\VC Ames, Oakland
J Kullman. Benlcla
F Bennetts, Pin.Me
H Dittmer, S L Obispo
H C Seabrook. Chicago
T Langford. Euroka
L H MeBride & w, Cal
F E I*uter. Eureka
J A Van Cleve Jr. WIs
F F Ricks & w, Eurek
J F Coonan, Kureka 2
A L George, Eureka
J Waters. Cal • -
M Pesjardine & w.Pars
M Laurent. Paris
A Knight, Denver
F J Reaks, Buffalo
A A Cross, Honolulu
R W Hoffman, N Y, .
J Watts &' w, Iowa I
C A Barlln. S L Oblsp
E S.Halt. Ventura .
A H Mueller. Butte
H G Kroger. Butte
A P Cody. Cleveland
H C Collins & w, Dutte
F D Smith, Honolulu
I Weinscheler. N T
S M Rohr, Car-
G A Johnson. • Redding
E E Penn, Seattle
O W Richardson & w,
Ukiah -
J K Douglas, Cal
M II Gresthorpe & w.
Great Falls' .
T A Keech, Denver
C T Josselyn. S Diego
J Mailloux. St Louis
J M Day, Los Ang
J Lozano & w, -Auburn
Ii P Sweet. Los Ang
H E Picket, Placervill
d E Ward. Wash ,
P E G Aniaf, Sn Jcfe
F J Harrold. N Y
J R Bauer,' Sausallto
W F Canedy & w. 111
E Elliott. Chicago
K t> Cannon, SK Lake
S J Johnson. SK Lake
H C McClure. Sit Lake
A McClure, Sit Lake
J D Smith. Onelda
E Yates. Napa
J Vrihmeln. Cal
C O'Warren. Antloch
T Clark. Cal -
F B Gregory, Victoria
WO Meyers & w, Cal
W N Rohrer, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
HONOLULU, Feb. ' 2.— According to the
report of J. C. Taylor, a mining engineer,
there la good prospect that the lands of
the American Sugar Company, an aban
doned plantation on the Island of Molokai.
may yet bo good sugar producing proper
ty, l^ack of water, compelled the giving
up of the plantation, which is the only
recorded failure of the kind in Hawaii.
Taylor says that a system of underground
tunnels and drifts will supply the land
in question. Hia plan will probably be
tried on Molokai and In some other places
where water is scarce.
To Irrigate Sugar Lands.
Louise or Lulu Magrath to Minnie Magrath,
lot on N line of Fell street, 165 E of Webster,
K 27:6 by N 120 (quitclaim deed): $",.
Minnie Magrath to Louise Magrath, undi
vided-one-half of- same (quitclaim deed): $3.
Kate Cunningham (widow) to Charles W.
Haufe. lot on N line of McAllister street, 112:6
W of Webster. W 25 by N 85: »4000.
Margaret L. Kingsbury to George W. Kings
bury, reconveyance of all Interest acquired un
der 1792 .D. 25S. lot on S line of Eddy street,
137:6 W of Scott, W 97:6 by S 137:6; also lot
on S line of Eddy street. 137:6 E of Devlsa
dero. E 40 by S 137:6: also 'ot on N line of
Fddy street, S6 E of Devtsadero, E 27:6 by N
117 :6; $10.
Alfred E: t Louis S., Sherman T. and Robert
J. Blake and Laura M. Macdermptt (Blake)
to Laura H. Blake, lot on E line df Belvedere
street. 110 N of Frederick, N 25 by E 121:10V4
(ouitclalm deed); $10.
William G. Trevlvick to Mary Crichton (wife
of James), lot on SW corner of Cole and
Hayes street. S ICO by W 1O3:1H: gift.
J. 15. and Anna L. Richardson to Mabillan
W. McMillan, lot on N line of Elizabeth street,
176:8 W of Castro. W 25:10 by N 114; $30CO.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to M. J.
Felly. lot on BE line of Clara street, 206:3 NB
of Fifth. NE 22:11 by SE 75; »1800.
Christian, Albert W., Gustave F.. William
C. and Louise C. Lehrke to Lehrke Estate
Company (corporation), lot on SW corner of
Minnesota and Marlpraa streets, W 1C0 by S
100; also lot on SI2 corner of Indiana and Marl
posa streets. E 19:2, S 101:974, N 100; also lot
on E line of Indiana street. 100 S of Mari
posa, E 100, N 45, W 03, S 46; also lot on-S
fine of Marlposa street. 1C0 W: of Minnesota,
S 55, W 93. N to Marlposa, E 80:2: $7500.- ¦
Frank L. Sheerin to Peter McHugh, lot on
W line of Thirtieth avenue. 175 N of A street,
N 25. W 240 S 75. E 120. N "A E 120; also lot
on N line of A street, 82:6 W ol Thirtieth ave
nue. W 25 by N 100: $500.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to William J. CJunn. lot on NW corner of Sixth
avenue and A street, W 240, N 123, E 120, N
25. E l!0, S 150: $6C00.
Margaret. A. Martin' to Clara M. A. Egan,
lfU on W line of Twentieth avenue, 125 N
of M street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to John E. Cottle. same: gift.
William Kennedy to Kate Kennedy, lot 28,
block B, Park Lane Tract; $500.
Elsie A. Mayder (wife of Joseph W.) to
Daniel McDouuall Jr.. lot on SE line of Ma
drid street, 225 SW of Italy avenue, SW 112.
SE 23:0%, NE 109. NW 25. block 41, Excelsior
Homestead; $500.
Jacob and Linti Heyman to Leontine Gir
ardot (now Vouelle). lot on E line of Prospect
avenue. ' 150 S of Virginia. S'25 by E 70. lot
1«. Heyman's subdivision of Cobb Tract; $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
E. W. King (owner) by agent with X. A.
Carlson (contractor)— All work for a two-ptory
and basement frame building, on S line of
Sacramento etreet, 137:6 W of Walnut, W 6S:S
xl!2r7H: *4S09. •
Jacob Mager (owner) with, Paul Mager (con
tractor—All work except gas fixtures and
mantels for a one»story frame ¦ building, on
Alabama street, 125 SE of Twenty-first, 25x100;
$1625. -* ' . .
Jacob Mager (owner, signed by Paul Mager)
with John H. Ntbbe (contractor)— All work
except gas fixtures and mantels for one-story
frame bulldlns. on -Alabama street, 100 SE cf
Twenty-first. 25x100; $1625. , .
Benjamin H. Llchtensteln (owner) with Allen
A Looney (contractors), architect William Moo
ser & Son— Sewering, plumbing, gas fitting and
hot water heater for a three-story and base
ment frame building, on S line of O'Farrell
street. 117:6 W of Mason, W 43 by S 60,'SO-vara
¦ George ' F. Brotchie (owner) with AW E.
Grant (contractor)— All work for a two-story
and attic frame building (two flats), on \V line
of Noe street, 75 S of Eighteenth, S 25x73;
Homer S. King (owner) with George Good
man (contractor), architect Julius E. Kratlt —
Excavations, grading, brick, concrete and arti
ficial stone work for a three-story and base
ment residence, on NE corner of Broadway
and Octavia street, E 45, N 100. E 67:6, N 25,
W 112:6. S 125; J33S6% . -.
Same (owner) with C. Chlsholm (contractor),
architect same— Carpenter and mill work,
etalrs roofing and galvanized iron work,
glass.' hardware, steel and iron work for same
""game (owner) with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractorf). architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gas fitting, for same on same; $2oD5.
Same (owner) with J. H. Keefe (contractor),
architect same— Painting, \ varnishing, wood
finishing and tinting, for same on same: $1350.
Joseph M. Btrauss (owner) with Carl Schutt
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey — All
work except plumbing, painting, electric work,
mantels tiling, gas fixtures and shades, for a
• hree-storv frame building, on S line of Ellis
Etreet lttiW of Lnguna, W 25 by S 120; $7000.
Eame (owner) with O. C. Sweeney (contrac
tor) architects same— Draining, plumbing, gas
fitting, etc.. for, same on came: J1034.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The chambers of commerce and the
manufacturers' societies of Rhein coun
tries have adopted a resolution in favor
of higher protection against foreign hard
ware, especially American. The resolu
tion emphasizes the fact that American
pigiron is 50 per cent cheaper than Ger
man.
'.The London exchange being so near the
gold -point, the market fears gold ex
ports.
The Berliner Tageblatt sees in the steel
combination "a sharpening of American
competition; with German industry which
ca'nnot be overestimated."
The general firmness of the market Is
variously explained. The Vossische Zel
tung sees the chief cause inUhe two great
financial operations involving the Union
Pacific Railroad and the steel combina
tion. "America," it says? "has gradually
seized th-j -leadership of the world's finan
cial affairs, and Europe has grown accus
tomed to receiving its chief impulses from
the business movement beyond tho At
lantic." ... , . ,- .
Americans still lead the market, and
continue to- show remarkable strength,
the advance for the week ranging from 2
to 8 points. In this rise the leading shares
were Union Pacific, Wabash, Denver and
Rio Grande and Santa Fe. Yesterday, in
spite' of Berlin and London realizations,
the American section dosed firm, Wabash
being from 2% to 5 points higher; Denver
and Rio Grande, 2%; Santa Fe, Vz;, and
Denver and Rio Orande preferred. Vs. -
Union Pacific fell 1 point; Union Pacific
preferred, • >,£; Northern Pacific,, Yi-
Money was in fair demand. Short loan"?,
Z\i to 3si; three months 1 bills. 4>4@4&c. ,
BERLIN, Feb. lO.—Korelgn buying, was
the feature of the week, the market snow-
Ing a growing interest for foreign rentes,
particularly Argentines. The market Tor
American railway shares .was firm but
more quiet.
The reduction 1 In the. Bank of England
rate was intended, possibly, to help the
new Issue of 3 per cent bonds, £11,000,000;
which will. be bid for, to-morrow, but at
the same time the measure was necessary
on other grounds.
j LONDON, | Feb. 10.— On the whole . the
business of the'Stock Exchange last week
was fairly extensive. Prices . were .llrm,
wlth> substantial • improvement in ' some
cases. The monetary situation also con
tinues to Improve.
Foreign Buying " the Feature cf the
.Week at Berlin, the Market
: Being. Firm : but '
Quiet. 1
Business of the Exchange
at London Is Fairly
Extensive. : ¦
AMERICAN STOCKS
ARE ON THE RISE
The weather has been boisterous for the
last thre« days, and the vessels in Apia
harbor have had a rough time of it.
At the United States naval station at
Tutuila many improvements are being
made. A new building for public offices
is being erected, the coal shed is being
completed, and It is expected to have it
ready for the reception of coal to. be
brought from New Zealand by the steam
er Abarenda. Many other improvements
of lesser nnlure are being carried out.
Lieutenant Commander Dorn is making a
careful and extensive study of native life
and manners. ,
The German Government is making a
good start In the educational line and is
already making preparations for larpe
schools. Governor Self Is about to proceed
to New Zealand for the benefit of his
health. He will be accompanied by Dr.
Funk, who has been in Samoa for the
past eighteen years without a change.
In response to the wish of tne Tutuila
natives an order has been promulgated by
lieutenant Commander Dorn, U. S. N.,
commanding the. station, to the native
governors, at the desire of Governor B.-
F. Tilley, who is still in New Zealand, ap
praising the taxes to be paid in Tutulla at
the sum of $7300 in produce. The Govern
ment intends to handle the sale of the
produce In the interests of the Samoans.
"Commodore" Weaver arrived by the
last mail from San Francisco- . He claims
to represent a British company. The
validity of the leases of large blocks of
land obtained by Weaver from natives
several years ago is challenged by the
German authorities, and he will have a
struggle for their -'possession. Weaver
says ne will make large improvements in
German Samoa, including a l uch needed
ice plant.
The German Government has ordered
the payment of taxes by the natives of
German Samoa, amounting to $1 per male
head. ' •
' D. S. Parker has sold somelurge areas
of the landof "Wellman. Neylan & Hobbs
of San- Francisco outside of Apia. The
prices were not high, but, were the. best
obtainable in the. present state of affairs.
Governor Self, has Issued a proclamation
calling in all guns held by Samoans In the
German division of the Islands. It was
well known that' many natives of both
parties did not surrender their arms when
called upon '• by the High Commission.
Governor Self offered to pay High Com
mission rates, thus withdrawing the pen
alty imposed by the commission for. non
surrender. Already some 400 guns have
been brought in, and. more are to arrive
in Apia from the country.
Great preparations are "being made for
the celebration of\ Emperor William's
birthday in Apia on January 27. : It . is
stated that during the three days' festivi
ties a general license will be granted
every one to do as he likes.
The .Tutulla people came In for a fair
share of that proportion allotted to the
Malietoa chiefs?, and a deputation was ap
pointed in Tutuila to proceed io Apia and
receive the Tutuila share. " The deputation
went to German Samoa under the author
ity ofUeutenant Commander E. J. Dorn.
U. S. N., who also supervised the division
among the people entitled to" receive the
money brought back by the deputation.
The -whole of the Tutuila money was paid
out with satisfatclon to the natives.
SAMOA, Jan. '23.-The : $41,176 cash .sub
scribed by the Governments of Germany,
Great Britain and the United. States for
payment to- the Samoans for guns surren
dered by them tp the High Commission in
3899, Immediately after the war, has been
paid out to the Samoans in Apia under
the supervision of Governor Self, repre
senting Germany, f onsul General Osborn
for the United States and Vice Consul
Treed for Great Britain. The cash was
paid In British, currency, with no allow
ance for exchange or premium on the
United States coin, as hitherto in tranac
tions with the powers in Samoa.
German Government Is Making a
Good Start in Educational Line ¦
and Preparing for Large
. , Schools.
Natives Are Remunerated
for Arms Surrendered ¦«¦•
MONEY IS PAID
OUT TO SAMOANS
THE "SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1901.
9
NEW, WESTERN HOTEL.
Second Feet.
January 27 • •"••? . m j 1260
January «8 • *90 11*0
January S& .........'. flCO 1100
January SO 830 1030
January 31...... 890 : .1030
February 1. SOT 1030
February 2 i>$0 900
DATE.
. Second Feet.
January 57 i.V>...,.: 11,300 1H.100
January 2S.. 11,000 13.800
January 29:;".".".;;.;... :..."..".;.... 10.7C0 13.S0O
January 30. j..'. .... 10,400' . 14.6CO ,
January 31 10,400 14.0G0
February 1..... 9.SC0 1.1,100
February 2 ; 9,500 . 12,500 :
DATE.
¦ . ... . Second Fee t. . I •¦-*¦-'.:-*
,. DATK. r— i SMn'gCo. Totat
... 1900. | 1901. - j Canal. 1901.
January 27... .. 1104 1740 - 10 ¦ ..1750
January 28... . 1204 174 1 ) . 10 1730
January 29... 1084 1590 - . 10- , 1CCO
January 30... . 1CS4 J590 - • l<i 1600
January SI,.. . 1W4 1530 1Q 1600
February 1... -ICS4 •* 15M ' 10. . 1^0
Fcbrjary 2... 874 1410 10- 1400
Last Thin Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka .............. P5.15
Red Bluff •..:. ..19.U 15.29
Sacramento- : 13. 7G 13.69
San Francisco...-. 14.53" 14.57
Fresno 8.30 6.15
Independence 4.83 2.09
San, Luis ObUpo . 26.6S 12.50
Los Angeles.;...:.... '¦'. 13.53 . 4.57
Han' Diego... ........ Trace ¦ 8.50 2.C5
(Successor to Flannapan k Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£9 Fifth Ht.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South »0. *
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
mcavov <fc c:o.. I
FUNERAL DinECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
. 1233 Market «t.. between Sth and 9th. g
Telephone South 247. |
27 'and 29 Fifth et. TeL South 167.
rUNEEAL DIBECT0R3 AND . EMBALKERl
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rate*.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
OCEAN TRAVEL. v^'J
rSl AMERICAN LINE.
. BZVT YORK. 80DTHAMPT05. L0N30N. VX7ZX
Btopplnjr at Cherbourg, westbound."
From New * Yoi k Every "Wednesday, • 10 a. m.
St. Loul8.....:..Feb. !f|St. Louis...... March 13
New York ...Feb. 2; New York March 20
Vaderland ....March ClVaderland ....March 27
, RED STAR LINE." ;
Now " York and Antwerp.
From Xew York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ......Feo, ZOlWesternland ..March 13
Krlesland Feb. 27 Kensington ...March 20
SouthWark ...March 6lNoordland ....March 27
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
. General "Aeent Pacific Coast, ,
30 Montgomery street.' •
Ai>/«5inf a> €T €T <PA HAWAII » SA70A > NEW
oceaaics.s.co. aas
SS. AUSTRALIA,' for Tahiti.......
— '.....:...:. ......Monday, February. 11. 12 noon
SS. A'ENTURA." for. Honolulu,; Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia :..%.... ."...
...Thursday. "February 14, at 2 p. m.
;SS. 1IARIPOSA (Honoiuiu only)
.-...Saturday.'. February 23. 2 p. m
4. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Gsneial Ananis. 32? Market St
Sen'! Passenger Ctfia, 643 Mirket St., Pier Xo. 7. ftg si
C0MPAONIE SSUEKALI! TRAksATLANTIQUS?
DIKHCT LINE TO ¦ HAVBE-PARI3. ' '^a^.
every TKursdcy. instead oj
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ~«»W*S
North River; foot of Morton street. First class
to ;¦ Havre, « SS5 < and : upward. .-¦• Second ¦ class ' to
Havre. J« and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED * STATES - AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson- building). New York. J.
F. < FUQAZI & ! < CO., Pacific ; Coast Agents, ; 5
Montgomery -avenue. Ean Francisco." Tickets
s61d by all Kailroart Ticket Agents.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
She's
Fast
* She goes to Chicago
in 3 days— you live in
luxury and leave with
regret the Santa Fe
California
Limited
MDTKgm riiffirra ronriii.
(FAOiriO STMTCM.)
Trata* !•»*•> atnd »r» «lu« »« nrrlf* at
MAM ntANCIMCO.
v (Main Uue. Foot of Market Street.) v -
tl»n- FrouJa.vcjrt1.13CI. — AKKira
7:31.4 Bentda, Euisuu. Ehnira. VacatUI*.
Rumi-J *uil f»*cr.iuiHiito 7>43r
TiSOa D»tU. Wood.tiid, Kui^hU Leading.
Muxuille. •To'tlle.. 7»«5r
¦f:39* AUantid Kipresu— Ogden and Ea«t 13:15*
»;O>i.» MarUnex,SaulUinou,Vklle]o. Kapa.
CalUtoga and S«uta Uo«a tfilSp
»:«OAXi!fs, LiTeraiore, Tney. Ijtthrop,
Stodtton 7il3r
•:3Oa ShMta 1 jp^M-lteib, V,'iUJ*ms (for
B«rtlett Springs). Willows. Eed
Bluff, Portland. Tx«r
•iS«a Ran .Jo««. Uf eruiors. .Stockton. •»
lone fiiierameuto. Vluc-r»iiie,
Moryivillr. Chief. Itwl III-.itT 4>|.tp
•:]iij Oakd&ie, Chinesa. ISooor*. C»rter»... 4:!Sr
i(:UO\ Hajwardt. Jiilt-e and Wa» S«ation«. llilii
ViOUt Us Ansoies Exj^reM— Mirtlimx,
TneT. Lathrop. Srocktoa, Meieed
i'resiKJ »u.l Lo» Anjele* 7:l-lp
M::in» VailrJ... Matiluez mn.l V.'.»y SUtloua ftil.ir
I tfiOO* Ths Uf erUis'l Uiiill»d— Osdea. Uea.
v«r. Uiuaha. Chleago •:»*?
11:00a NlUa. Stockton. MKr«mputn, M*n>
dota. Fresno. lUnfoni. ViaulU,
Vtrser»li!a . «t!3r
11:OOa Llvermcre. rtanser. Goahen Juno-
tion. 15 i kersfieiil. Loa Angeles
4l>onp S*cr»iu»nN» Itlter dtaomet* t' 1 "***
3:00r Hiijwardii.' Nilniand W»j NUtlnn.« . Bti:»f
4:ll<ir Mmtiuvit. H»u lUinoii, YalWJv,
N »¦'!». l-'ttiisto-J*. Smitu ltoi» 0:1.1 »
4iO«r lteiiicla. Wiuteis. bionun«ntot
Wiiuillaml. KnlghU IjluJlltC.
Jl:irr«il>. Orovtiia l»:<»4
4iU»p nirwarda. tillen«:id Han .lore t" 1 *-"**
3:O«lf Niles. lirermore. Srorkenn Lodl ... 10:13a
*5:OOr tiuiwet Liwiied. El FioO. Ktw ' : __ »-
Or!e»D« and Ka«t «1O:13*
3:OOrTl.a Oal Limited -Tracy. »r«no.
ISikersSelil. Hantns fur 3»uta Uar-
bara. l.i.s Aniiflei. 19iI3a
3:O»r N<w Urii-anc Express— li»ker»llBl.l.
UanlM lUrlitfa. l.on A»?ile». D'io-
iiiK. El r*K>. Horn Urlsaus aud
E*nt ?'"»
«:««r Hajrwarda. NUei and .San Jose *****
HliOOr Vallejo Ili434
OiVUr Oriental Mall— OgJen. C&ejenna.
Oaiaha. CUlc»et> »a:13»
• :O0p Oriental Mail— OgUea. Iremer.
Omaha. Chlcaeo 4II3P
7:OOr OreKoii aud California Kir(»M.i»c-
r:.i.i«:it.>. Marvafllle. CoMlu^.
l',,,U«n.l. P>iget Mnui.it ami Kask 8: 13*
R>o.lr8an Pablo. F.nt Coata, MarUaea
am! Way dUUoas 11: 13*
l»iO.lf> Yallejn 1***r
COAST HI VISION (N'arrotf «««««).
. < FiKit <-t Mm rk«t Streat. >
mis* Newark. CVut«n;ile.Haj .»«««. Frii.»n.
I lion AetVxt c*..S»:itaCmxaiiil Way
SUUons •»•»»
1 3i 1 .1 p Newark, C«n4er«IU». San .loae, N»t» .
Aiinadeu, F^ltim. Itmiltlar Creek.
8a»tJ4 Crux ami l'rlneipal Way •
Stations !¦•»»•»
4«l3p Xatfark. ««n Jn»f, Los Gatns S«3<»»
a9:30p Hantsn* ExinrsioD. San Jom and
Way "UMona t«:?<iy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnoSll raiXCISC)— rut •( UuiH SUnl(SU>8)—
n-JS »:D0 llt00a.m. 1:00 5:C0 5:15pm.
From Oakland— Foot of Pr sad way.— 1» U 1i:9t
10:tCa.ra. U:00 Z:0O 4:00p.m.
COAST IUTISIOM (Hr0a.Mim.5e).
(Thirl md TowiiBCr-.l Stw.)
' t«:IO« Ocean Vi«ir. Honlb rtan i' raucl«c>i. . t'»» ; "*'
7-.OU* Han Joi« »"•» Way HtntloM (New
- AIi:ia.le:i WetliKMdaxsiHily) 1»3»P
• >•«* Man .l.«i". Ttea 1Mim>b. s,..,t» (tut.
PaeiCc c;n.f». I'aso K..l>ies, Han
I.nis OMnvn. Hiirf. IjjmjHK aud
Principal Way Sta».l..:m 4il»»
!¦>«•% P*a .lose ami Way .SUtlmis S'iT 4
I li3O» San J<»« »>•.« Wa» SUti.m »«J«»
fJi43r Ban .M»t-o. i:«.ln..o.l. Meiilo Tark.
. Palo Alto. rtauU Clara. ».i» •'<>»», -
Tr» Pino*. HanU Crux, hallns*
Jlontereyaml.raeinc firufe t!f»>T»a
taiaopHanJoaeaud Way Stations ... ... 7«:i»F
tl:l»* 8aa Josoanil Principal Way Statlotis »x*S*
t ):l>ur 8»n Jour. Los Gatos aud Principal
WaySUtious .'- *2 S 3?*
SzSnrRanJolsaudl'rincipalWsyStatlous * ! *2*
6::iOP Svt Joss and Way rtratimis *" : !l»*
glli45p8an Jose and Way tiutions 4;3»p
AforMomiii? I* lor A f ternoon.
t Mi..,.Uv eicented. X ttaada* «Biy.
a Monday*. TTeaaesdays. Fridays.
« Tut-adiys, Thnndayi. SocdajJ.
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTSWESTEBH £1. Ca
L3SS3B
SA«i. FBAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CCAPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Snn FrnnsJso t-» S»n Rn^iinl.
TIBUIIOX FERKT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WKEK DAYS— ?:3v,. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33. 3:10.
6:10, C:SO p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at U:I*
p. in. Saturilaya— Extra trips at l:ii aaA
EXrXT>JSrS^»:«>. »:». X1:CO a. m.: 1:30, IM. I:OtV
«:20 p. in.
«>an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:». 7:50. »:I9. 11:10 a. m.; U:«.
I »:«9. 5:10 v. ra. Saturday*— Eitra trips) at l:ii
acd 6:35 p. m.
EUNOATS-I:I9. »:«». 11:10 a. ta: 1:40, t.Vi. S:CJ.
(:£3 p. ra.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxea Par*.
£am* gchcdule m tbott.
" I^ave I In Effect I ArrlT©
* San Francisco. ( N'ov. 7. l>00. I San Francises.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I TV M k
Daya. I days, f Destination, t days. | Day*.
7 :S0 am 3:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:43 ara
1:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluraa. «:05pmM:Maxa
(:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa, Rosa. 7:35 pm »:t3 pa
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 19 :w am
Healdsburs.
Lytton.
Ceyservllle.
S:30pm S:C0am Clov*rt!al». 7:35 pm <:3 pm
7:30 ami I Hcpland I I
I S:W am| and UktaJi. | 7:35 pm| »:O paa
7:Wam . . „ M 10:3 aa
8:00 am Gaemevllle. I:J3 pm
t :30 pm <:?? P™
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 ami t:V) am
and .
6:10 pm 6:P0pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm| «:2S pm
7:30 ami 3:C0aml \IOM am|10.25 am
S.IO ptn| 5:M pm| SebaatopoL I 7:3S pp[ i:Z3 pm
Stases connect at i^ant.a Rosa for Slark West
Epriric* and white Sulphur Springs: at Fultoc
lor AltrurU: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: *5
Geyser vllJe for Skaggs Sprlncs: at Cloverdalj
for the Geysen: at Hopland for Duacua
bpringa. Highland Sprlnxa. KeUeyvtlls, Carlj>
bad Sprlnes. Soda Bay. Lakeport and CartlTtt
Sprir.sta; at TJklah for Vichy Hprln«;s. Sarato«»
Hpiinss. Blue Lakei>. Laurel D«ll LAke. Witter
faring?. Upper Lake. Porao. Potter Valley.
Jofcn Day's. Riverside. Llerler**. Eucknells.
fc'anh«dr!n Heights. Hu'.lvllle. Orr*» Hot Sprinss.
Msndoctno City. Fort Bragx. West port. Usal.
Wllletta. Laytonville. Cuaammifs. Bell's Springs,
llorris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-tria tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beycr.d San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market st.. Chronicle batld-
Inic. R- X. RTAI*.
H. C. WHTTiyQ. Gea - Pasa - An *
Gen. Manager^. ' .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Saaw.ito Ferry — Foot of Mirlttt St.
tv. sin man, an. siaw nmm.
9:15 a.m.) ttpttt mv«s ( 3:«>p.m.
1:«p.m.5." WEEK. DAIS >„, 6:-iP.M.
4:00p. ji.) Stay over nlffhtat the TAvesK (10:35 a.m.
' «:0Oa.M."J f 1:«MP. M.
10:00 a. it. f crvn \ v<a s -' flO p - M -
1:15P.M.) . ( 5:53f.M.
l-'are. S.ia Vnac'aen to Summit and Return. Sl.tl).
Ticket Offices. &21 Market fct.. «!fc Sausalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibboa^s Dispensary,
C21> CE.IRXT ST. £.itablU2>ed
in IS34 for the treatment of 1'rlvat*
Di**axeA. I.r«-«t Mjtnnood. D«hl'.itror
(IN<>as<* rrenrrnenn body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cnreswliert
others fall. Try him. rharses low.
Cur«"cuar:i»tffiJ. Call or writ-.
Dr. J. **. UICBVX. baa Fnincuco. Cat
ROOM$ TO LET— Forn, and I'nfnrn.
A _Hr;rN-SWICIC House. US Sixth— Rooms 25c
to !l per.BtCtot: II "5 to 55 T*er week, and light
bOCMKCploc: <"'en all r.'.ght.
aKLBCRN HOTKL. J:i Grant ave.— Best dollar
• n i«y family hotel la city: polite attendance:
!arpe r>-cta»; tcodern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; ftrtt-class tneaJs 23c; free coach.
l">ni'NETT. ICC Market (old No. U64)-Fur-
ritbod rrr.s.. Fultes. Blngle: p.Ito unfurnished.
7 -If. VJt <The Elk)— Changed hands"; nicely
fur-i. fur.Tiy m«., rinele. en suite, newly reno-
• rtrS: all cenven. Mm. K. IS.. Ramsey, prop.
:V. «30~ Elegant furnished rooms; Flngle
? «n *ulte; suitable for physician or dentift.
::)V. SI4— I^arjre sunny suite suitable for 2
3 KCJitlcmon : alro single room: reasonable.
<¦ WHRK: larpe Funny furnished room: Hojet;
bath: P'ivate; call hy S p. a. £31 Kolsom st.
PDLSO51. l"^;; — Ixirge tunny r>wm: tay-wln-
d mr; hj'I UedrooTn : very rea5onal>le.
rJEA.RY.tf5 (The Nevarre)— Elegantly furnished
m;*: reiitts or single: travelers accommodated.
COT.ttKX GATE av».. VCS— 2 small single rooms.
FuitaMe f<-r lady cr e^ntleman: eunny.
G&LXJKK OATE ave.. FITH Furnished front
room for per.tlerRan; bascrr.riU for bicycle; J7.
CHANT) SOUTHERN. southeast ccrner Seventh
nr.a Mi*Mr>n sts. — Sunny rooms, en pulte or
Flr.cle; ladies' parlor: readlnx-room; elevator.
HOWARD. TtS— Newly furnished rooms to let;
private; quiet; $4. JS and $10 a month.
HOWARD. ES!— Newly furnished rooms. $3 per
mor.th up. . -
LAS PAL1IA?, isro Market et.— Suite of 2 cr 3
rrrs. ; private; »>ath: E'.n. rma.; board optional.
NEW ARLINGTON'. 1C13 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. tJ a week up; S3c a day up.
StlL'U'LY furnished frrrt rooms. Arply 16C3
Sacramento et., cor. Lark'n.
OTARSELL, JO— Sunny furnished rooms and
cfSceg ; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk.. mo.
J-X-TAL House. 1» Ellis— Incandescent light- !
readlnc-room. smokice-rocra and ladles' nar-
Icr; rooms, per nlrht. 25c to ?1 SO; week. J2t»
ti; month. JS to $23; elevator on Kround floor
rooms with hot and cold water; bath*. *
HOfEDALE House. 219-321 Ellis ft-Rcom«
right. 25c to »; week, fl 25 to 14; open night!
£HEKMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth s*
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
f'"TTER. SC^H— Chan K *d hands; .newly reno-
vated ; single rooms, ii; culteg. $12 to $^ mo.
IRE Oliver House. 9C Folsom St.. corner of
flxth— Furnished rqoms; also housekeeping.
CXAKPIFrEO advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2230 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofaee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Vslpr.cia st. •
CHEAPEST and btst In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, tent to any address In the
I'nifi Ptate? or Canafla one vear for tl.
ROOMS AXD^IlOAnD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, -with annex SP7 California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
traetli'e and clsrhtly rooms at modest lates.
I3LEGANTLY & newly furnisned giuiuj anart-
rr.ents, with or without beard; cuittne u-nex-
celled. llCSH Broadway, cor. ICth St., Oak-
land. top floor: MRS. M. C. ROBINSON.Prop.
KOOilS with board, bath. ga«>. J1S. Kf>; private
family: gentlemen only. 110i» McAllister. '
F.OOMS esd board; prices reasonable. 41$
Flrrt st.
CHEAPEST and r** t Jr. America-The Weekly
«~a!l. 16 rscps, «=e:A to any address In the
Vnltfi Ptatrs cr Oar.ada one year for Jl;
pr>*t»£<> rnM.
ROOMS WAMED.
BCSPBCTABLC ccupi^ want furnished housed
ke»-i»lrjr rwrnf: ftr.'.e price. P.ox 15^1. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
EAI> tensr.ts pjert^d for $4: collections made;
c'ly or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO .
, <"> Mi'ntnomciT ft., rooms 9-10; tel. EoSt>.
DEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran.
tec-d. Charleg IMarr.beck. 1515 Mission, nr.lith.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rented, exchanged re-
painid; cpen even.; rhene Black 1114. 205 4th.
POt'GHT. BQlO. rented, i-epaired: need'/s and
¦tetUes: rofi-i;«d rat-s. 145 €t>: phone Mint S.
STABLES TO LET.
2 STALLS-" to rent; Eicfcth and Hearne sts. ;
JS ard £12 rncnth: stalls, yard, sewer connec-
tion!.- two stories. HOWARD II. HOGAX,
V* I'jr.e ft.
STOUAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH StPrage^and~~Movlri5^Co!t
offt"r. Pest and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. MO Mls-
floa tt.; fl. Mint 1«L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
P.EKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission «t-:
te'.. ilain 1S40; shtrting at nit rate*.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
CP.EAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell letter raacnines for lets money than any
r.o-jse !n the city: rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Esrhgr.ge. California; telephone Maln'26S.
DIVIDEND XOTICES. .
DIVIDErTD Notice.— California Tflne As*o-
clatica.— Dlrldend No. IS of sixty cents per
cr.are hat been declared, ar.3 Is payable on
atd after Monday, Fehruary 11. 1SC1, at the
Union Trust Company cf Ean Francisco.
Ftock bricks will close on Tuesday. February
6. 1901. at S o'clock p. m.. up to which date
transfer!! of stock may be rsade at the Union
Trust Ccispacy. By order of. the Beard of
Directcrs.
HENRY VAX EERGCy. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Xotlee— The Giant Powder Com-
¦ par.y, "Cca. A dividend. No. 26, of Seventy-
five Cents CEc) per chare on the lSBued capi-
tal ftock cf the company has been declared,
parable at the office of the company. 4Sd
California «=t.. Ban Francisco, on February
11. 190L Transfer books close February 4.
1S01. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (thirty
<-*-nts per fhare) of the Paauhaa Su^ar
Plantation Company will be payable at tho
of fire of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after Monday, February 11. 1&01. Transfer
bocks clote on MonSay. February 4, 1901.
at S o'clock. • E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. IS (twenty-
five cent* r**r fhan-) of the Kilauea Sufcar
Plantation Co.. will be payable at the offlcf
r.t th* corr.rany. 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday. February 15. 1901. Transfer books
rl^ei Friday. February R. isr.i. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
rilOPOaALS. _
I'P.OPOSALS for Clothing ftnd Eq'jlpage, Depot
Quartermaster"* Office. 3S New Montgomery
et.. fan Francisco. Cal., February 9. 1901. —
fr*aled projK-.«»Ie, In triplicate, will be re-
rectlv»^l at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Monday, Febniarj' 23. UW. Pacific Standard
Tlni*. and th^n opened, for furniFhing Rub-
ber Ponchos. Brown Cotton Stocklnps. Garri-
son Flag-s, Post Flairs, Storm and liecraitlnf;
najrv. Quantities to be subject to IQ per
rent Increase, If des'red. by this department.
Rid* will be or<ened for the delivery of the
same articlp% at cither the fian Francisco.
" Boston. CT.'.caco and I'hlladelphla Depots. To
avoid misunderstandlnK as to the exact na-
ture of the articles to be furnished, bidder*
will carefully examine the standard samples
end specifications, so that proposals may b*
submitted by them with a full knowle<J«re of
what will be required. In the matter of Pon-
< hos the attention of bidders is called to the
fa~t tbat the sealed samples do not strictlv
rorrform to the specifications, that the latter
will povern exclusively, and further, that
the rjrmple* show only the general character
of the Ponchos to be furnished. Bids upon
sample* difierfrr from specifications and
ramplee upon which bids are Invited will un-
der no rtrcumFtances be entertained, nor will
uncuarar.tef'd bUs be considered. Proposals
for lets quantities than a<i*.ertlsed for will
b« entertain»<l. Blfli for delivery cr Inspec-
tion at other points tha»i those named above
will not be considered. Early deliveries are
essential. Bidders must state In their propo-
sal the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition should be made which they are
not positive that they can absolutely rulflll.
Preference will be irlven to articles of domes-
tic production an<l manufacture, conditions
ot price and quality belnc: equal (Including
In the price of fcre'en production nnd manu-
facture the duty thorern). ar.J such prefer-
ence will be clven to articles of American
production nnd manufacture produced on th.?
I'urlflc Ocaft, to the extent of the «?onmimp-
tlon required by th" public service there. The
' 1'nlted Rtatf-i reserves the right to eceept or
reject nny or ail proposals or eny part there- I
of. Information nnd blarks for proposals
will be furnlshrd on application. Envlopes
cont»inlTi» propp*a]s will be endorsed "Pro-
r-orals No. 1T71," and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. J/5NO. Quartermaster, U. S.
I'clf., Drr^ot Quarterm&E'.er.
PROPOPALS for pubsi«cnce surplles— Office cf
Purchartp.p Commissary. £an Francisco. Cal..
r«-brusry !>. iwil. — Sealed proixisals for fur-
nishin? *ntl •deliverlnK of such quantities of
tubflKtenc-e eupplie! 1 , delivered r.t such wharf
or v.hnrve« cr such wareh^ur*» Iri San Fran-
cisco. Ccl.. or per circular to be seen at this
offSc*. will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Thursday. February n. 1901. and opened
immediately tbereefter In presence of bld-
drrs. Hrx^lficatlons. general instructions tp
hiflder« and Mnr.k form of propoRal .will be
. furnish*"* U> established dealers on applica-
tion to "IV. II. UALDWIS'. Major and C. S.,
IT. F. Army Purchasior Commissary.
CnTAPEST nnd best. In America— The Weekly
roll. *,c v*m, ecnt to ciijr aAArer.n In. th#
T'nited Stfttcs cr Canada cne year far II,
c»tare raid.
MOTION SALES
GREATEST SALE
ON RECORD! •
fefc fe fe»
400 Horses and Mares and 175 Mules
Will Be Sold at Public Auction '
.. THIS DAY.
MONDAY, February 11,
. ON
BASEBALL GROUNDS. SIXTEENTH- AND
FOLSOM STS.. S. F..
. ti . — .Commencing at 9 a. m.
These animals, carefully selected by expert
veterinarians of the G-erman Government for
u«e in the recent China trouble, are solid In
color, are in exceltent condition, well handled
nnd weigh from 975 to 1350. the mules ranslns
from 9.j to 1300. There are many well-matched
teams and matnjficent saddle horses among
the lot. These horses and mules are suitable
ror fanners, liverymen, stage owners, team-
sters, exoressmen, butchers, bakers, grocers,
laundrymen. etc. Age ranges from S to 10
years. Animals are now on exhibition at base-
ball crounds.
The saddle horses will be offered for tals
about 1:20 p. in.
THIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH.
. WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
1 . Office Occidental Horse Exchange.
_; ¦__ " 721 Howard.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
gv Steamers' leave Broadway
ftt ' ' T«harf, San Francisco:
ttf?*»w For Alaskan Port*— 11 a. m..
KgSSMak Feb. 10. 15. 20. £?. March I.
MSRj3(BBd Change to company's steamers
FflSKHsSjml For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
tflgfe~<<T?OT3 C). Port Town«end. Seattle.
f ~***rcjB31 Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Feb. 10. 15, 20. 3.
March 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
i for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
ccma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 12.
17. 22, 27, March 4, and every fifth day there-
after. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
peles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, ' 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rcsa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
iicos, ¦ Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavl-
cta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles> and
Newport — Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer • Bonlta,- Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Matrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata.'La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.) — in a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reMrves the right to change
steamers, calling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. ¦
TICKF1T OKFICE-M New Montgomery
street (Pal-ice Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
¦ IHt Ut iii 06 Hi uUi
DISPATCH FAST. STEAMERS TO
From Spesir-street Wharf at 11 a. re.
CA DC « 2 First Class including Berth
rHflu $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails. Feb. 12. 22. Mar. 4 i
CJKO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 9 j
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all .points • In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
S30 Market St.
TOYO -KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at |
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki an-l Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkcng with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARU
„ Tuesday. February 1?. 1901
UP, AMERICA MARU Friday. March 15. 1301
£S"» HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 9, 1901
Round-trip tickets ot reduced rates. . For
freight nnd passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, cornex First.
W. H. AVfiRY. General Agent.
PANAMA R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. «103: Steerage. $4O.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tmsday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOlt.. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0MPANIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAP03SS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican.' Central
nnd South 'American ports. From section No.
2 Seawall. Sailing :
SS. PALENA February 20. 1901
SS COLOMBIA March 7, 1501
S3 TUCAPEL ..March 20. 1901
SP' AREQUIPA April 4. 1D01
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenerer office. 316 California street. • .¦>¦-¦;
BALFOTJR. GUTHRIE Sj CO.. Agents.
V BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
5T»n*— "*" "**ni*'cc'ln. "
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thur.- and Sat. at 9M3
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Tfcurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. rr>. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone llaln l^OS.
RAILWAY ,. TRAVEL. ' _
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
| Local Lim'd | Ovrl'd | Local
I tmily. Dally.) Daily.) Dally.
Lv. San Fran I 7:20 a 9:00 n. 8:00 p 4:SOp
Ar. Stockton 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a ........
" Fresno .. 2:2»»p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"¦Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" VlsBUa .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a j
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 pi 5:05 a
" Bkalleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p| 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:J0a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornlns. p for afternoon.
D:Cu a. in. train Is the California Umlted.
Carrying Palace. Bleeping Cars and Dining,
Cars through to Chicago. ! Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. . Xo second clas?
' tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:35 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 d. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and ¦ Tourtat Steppers ana
free Becllnine Chair Car. . aT5o Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqiiin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — €41 Market street and In : Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; Ills Broadway. Oak-
land. '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via StKtiallu Ferry.
* Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
¦ . . AND SAX RAFAEL.
WKEK DAYS— 6:53. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:43.
S:15. '4:00. 5:13. ««:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ean
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 3:C0 and 11:35 p. mi
SUNDAYS— 'lO^. »ll:30 a. m.. «I:15.
3:l.i. •4:45. 6:20. 9:C0 p. m. '.-.-.•
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS»5:20, *6:30, 7:«. 9:30 a. m.;
?12:30. 1:45. '3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 end 10:20 p. ni.
SUNDATS-r«:!O, *S:0O. . 'llKCO. *H:45 . a. m.
*l:40, *2:15, 4:43. *6:3O p. m.
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
V.'EEK DAYS— 5:45, «:43, . 7:55. »30 a. m.
12:30, 2:10, 3:30. 4:34. 5:20 p. m. . . •
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on I Mondays. Wednesdays
«-.nd Saturdays, at 7:11} and 10:10 p. m. • *-
SUNDAY8-S:03. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03, 2:U. 3:30
5:00, 6:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
• 6:33. a. ro. week- days — Cazadero and war
stations. -;...
1 :45 p. m. ; Saturdays— Tomales - and way
stations.
8:00 a. ' m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 208 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Nees avenue, where a re-
qu'.em high mass will be -celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing «t 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKAT— In this city, February 10. 1901. Alice
May. beloved daughter of Thomas and Julia
Mckcy, and sister of Thomas, Hanle, Willie,
Katie, Charley and Grace McKay, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years & months and IS
days.
MANN— In this city. February 9. 1901. Charles
Herbert, husband of M. E. Mann, and father
of Mrs. A. Howard Turner, a native of Ran-
dolrh. Mass.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day 'Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of the First Unitarian Church, corner of
Geary and Franklin streets. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowers.
OLDAG— In this 'city. February 9. 1901. Elisa-
beth OldaR. beloved daughter of Charles and
the late Freda Oid.if. and sister of August
Oldp.sr. a native of San Francisco,- aged 7
months.
CXFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 1131 Buchanan street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
ORR— In Oakland, February 10. 1601. Susan
Orr. a native of France, aged 71 yenrs and 9"
months. A member of Oak Leaf Chapter No.
t. O. E. S.
PETEnEO.V-In this .city. February 10. 1901.
Ferdinand Peterson. . belo\-ed son of .Peter
and Meta Peterson, a native of Flensburg-.
Germany, a^ed 3 years 7 months and 4 days.
PLUNKETT— In this city. February 8. l&Ol.
Hannah Plunkett. beloved mother of. Mamie.
cf7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place this day (Monday), at 9:30
o'-lock. from her late residence, 831 Pin*
etrtet thence to Notre Dame des Vlctoires
French Church, Bush street, where a solemn
reouiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. - »£T< • '< ." '
McGUIRE— In this city. February 8. 1901. Brl-i-
get. beloved wife of the late John McGuire.
mother of Bart, John. James and Alice Mc-
Gulre, Mrs. W. J. Eagan. Mrs. J. J. Ma-
heney and Mrs. F.»I. Devlin, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 64 years.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence izi Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her m?ui,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment -Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGREGOR— In this city. February 9. 1901,
Josephine A. McGregor, beloved mother jf
Mrs T. T. Townsend, Mrs. A. Mathieu and
Gustave J. McGregor, a native of New Or-
leans, aged 62 years.
C?*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 124 Clipper street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her eoul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
LANE— In the City and County Hospital,, Feb-
ruary 9. l&Oi; James Lane, a native of Fin-
land, aged SI years. \
LENNON— In this city, February 9, V >1SO1, Ger-
trude M., beloved daughter of the late John
and Elizabeth Lennon, and dearly beloved
' eister of James E.. Sallle F. and Ella G.
Lennon. Mrs. James F. Ctonlon and the late
Lizzie Lennon, a native of San Kranclsco.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his" mother, 2001 San Jose road, near
Ocean House Road. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, . by electric car from resi-
dence.
HEMELRIGHT-In this city. February 10. 1901.
Harry O-. beloved husband of- Agnes Hemel-
rlght, and son of Mrs. L. Hemelrlght, and
brother of Ira Hemelrlght, a native of Ohio,
aged 31 years 7 months and 13 days.
KEXEALY — At rest. February 10, 1901, Eliza-
beth Kenealy, lovinir and devoted mother of
William J., John J.. Grace M.. James F
and Cornelius A. Kenealy, and sister of
Mr?. J. O'Connor, a native of Ireland.
(fjrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:45 o'clock, from
- his late residence. 1540 Ninth st«et. Ala-
meda. Cal. fMaetlt Station). InterrSrent Ma-
pontc Cemetery. San Francisco, by 15
o'clock creek boat from Oakland.
HAWTHORNE— In this city. February 8, 1301.
Alexander Hawthorne, dearly beloved son of
Bertha and the late Edward Hawthorne, and
beloved brother of Fred. Edward Jr.. Arthur.
Alfred. Bertha and Nathaniel Hawthorne and
Mrs. Thyra Crane, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 7 months and 26 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his Barents. 1513A Mission street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by carriage.
HASHAGEN— In Llvermore. Cal.. February
10. 1901, Herman Hashagen. husband of the
late Meta Harhagen. and beloved father of
, Slay Hashagen. C. N. Bolte and H. Bolte.
a native r>f Hanover, Germany, ac-j 62
veare 6 months and 4 days.
C^FrlenJs and accuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow at 2 o'clock, at the
hall of Athens Parlor No. 195. N. S. O. W\.
11S6 Washington street. Oakland. .Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
FORD— In this city. February 10. 1901. Hazel,
darling dauehter of Katie S. and the late
H*>nry C. Ford, and beloved sister of Ruth,
Henry. Stella, Reta and Zeta Ford. an<i
granddaughter of Mrs. Mantaret- Ford and
the late Mary Regan, a .native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 years 11 months and 10 days.
GANSO— In this city, February 9, 1S01, Wil-
liam H., dearly beloved son of Peter and
Jennie Ganso. and brother of Harry and
Theresa Ganso, a native of San Francisco,
aged ID years and C months.
K?" Friends and acquaintances are resjject-
. fully invited to attend the funet-al to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corrxr of Twenty-eighth and Dolores
Ftreets. thence to St. Paul's Church. Services
at 1:43 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
EVEKS— "In Oakland. February 9. 1901, - Julius
J., beloved husband of Augusts EverB, eon
of Henry and Mary Evers, and brother of
Henry, Albert and Carl Evers, a native of
Oakland, need 27 years 2 months and 29 days.
EiyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his snul, commencing at 7:15
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
l<V40 o'clock train from Third and TownEend
streets
DE BALE— In this city. February 10. 1901. Ma-
ria Ienacla Sobaranes de Bale, beloved moth»r
of Marino de Bale and Mrs. Ixjlita Bruck
of St. Helena, Cal., a native of Monterey,
Cal., ap<*d 85 years 1 month and 15 days.
DE SHIELDS— In this city. February 10. 19C1.
Benjamin, beloved husband of Anna M. de
Shields, and father of Ivan and Bernice de
Shields, a native of New Jersey, aged 66
years 7 months and 8 days.
EISELEN-In this city. February 9. 190L Al-
fred J. Elselen. dearly beloved husband of An-
nie Eiselen, and father of Mr?. J. M. Crowley,
Mrs. T. Duane and Alfred and Oscar Elselen.
and brother of Max Eleel.n. a native of Ger-
many, aged 65 years 5 months and 24 days.
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
CLOKOCH— In this city. February 10. 1901.
at his residence, S55 Harrison Etreet, Paul
Clokoch, beloved eon of John and Annie
Clokoch. and brother of Peter, Char>/ an-l
. Annie Clokoch, aged 10- months and 17 days.
CONNELL-In this city. February 1".' 1901.
William Connell, a native of Ireland, aged
c: y<>ars.
BIGGIO— Tn this city. ' February 10. 190L Gio-
vanni Blcgio, dearly beloved von of Mrs.
Rosa Hipclo and the late Affostino Blggio,
and brother of Virginia Blftplo, a native of
Eurkea, New, aged 16 years 3 months and 22
days.
BRASCHE— In San Mateo. Cal., Charlotte
Brasche. wife of,j.he late G. Henry Krasche.
a native of Germany, ajred S2 years and 5
DIED.
Blfcgio. Giovanni McGregor, Josephine
Brasche, Charlotte McGuire, Bridget
C'lokoca. Paul McKay. Alice May
Connell. "William Mann. Charles H.
De Hale. Maria I. S. Oldag. Elisabeth
I'e Shields. Benjamin Orr. Fu?an
Elsoien. Alfred J. Peterson. Ferdinand
Kvers. Julius J. Plunkett. Hannah
Ford. Hazel Quirk, James J.
<Janso. William II. Reed. James
Hashagen, Herman Ryan. Edward
Hawthornc.AIexander Scheper. Mrs. Helen*
Hemelricht. Harry G. Schwed. Eva
Kenealy. Elizabeth Severance. Sarah M.
Lane. James Wynne, Daniel
Lennon, Gertrude M.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, Irom his late
home In Vajlejo, thence to St. Vincent's
Church, wher* a solemn hltfh requiem tnasa
will be celebrated for the repose ot his soul.
Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery.
!C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:13 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 221 Clipper street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, via 11 o'clock creek
route boat.
WYNNE— In- Vallejo, February 9, 1501, Daniel,
beloved husband of the late Anne Wynne,"
and father of l*rs. E. O'Neill, Mrs. I. ltyer-
son. lira. Annie Drown, Mra. M. O'Neill and
Mary I., Agnes C. and John U. Wynne, a
native of Ireland, aged ..72 years and 10
months.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3.601 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend street?. Please omit
flowers.
SEVERANCE— In this city, February 10, 1901.
Sarah Maria, beloved wife of the late Charles
C. P. Severance, and mother of the late Mrs.
<*larls?a H. Davis and Charles W.J Samuel
J. and Fred V. Severance, a native of Cov-
entry. Chenango County. New York, aged $0
years and 11 months.
ICTRemaln* at the parlors of H. F, Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eiehth. . -
SCHWED— In this city, February P. 1501, Eva
Schwed, beloved mother of Mrs. Henry Froh-
man of San Francisco, Mrs. Edward Rosen-
thai of San Juan, S. A., and 'Mrs. Dr. Julius
Kcpes of Budapest, a native or Tauberblsch-
ofsnelm, Baden, aged 64 years and 5 months..
IL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, frpm his late resi-
dence. 185€ Dolores street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a solemn requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
SCHEPEU— In this city. February 10. 1901.
Mrs. Helene Scheper. dearly beloved mother
of Carl, Emma and Willie Scheper, a native
of Germany, aged 60 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), , at 1:30 o'clock, from Alcatrax
Hall, Peralta street, between Seventh and
Eighth, Oakland. Services under the aus*
Bices of Golden Gate Lodce No. 30, F. an4
A. M." Intarment Mountain View' Cemetery.
NOTICE— M. E. B. A. No. 35: Please meet
this day (Monday), at 12:15 o'clock sharp, at
reading rooms, to attend funeral of James
Heed, deceased. J. R. FLOUD, President.
WM. WAIIIN. Secretary.
RTAN-ln this city. February 9. 1901, Edward,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Ryan, be-
loved father of Maggie, Thomas, Roea, Min-
nie. Agnes and Katy Ryan, an<^ only brother
of George Ryan, a native of Ho* ton, Mass.,
aged 63 years 11 months and 1 day. A mem-
ber of Alpha Lodge, A. O. U. \V.
ItJ" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral • tMs day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. -1918 Central avenue, thence' to St.
Dominic's . Church, Steiner street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the . re-
poee of her eouI, commencing at 10 o'clock,
interment Mount Calvary- Cemetery.
QtJIRK-In this city. February 10, 1901, James
J. Qtilrk, son of the late Honorah Quirk, and
brother of Michael and John Quirk, a na-
tive of Boston. Maes., aged 40 years 3 months
¦ and S7 days. • •-• -
REED— In Oakland, February 9, 1901. James,
beloved husband of Mary Reed, and father
of Mra. W. H. Dalton and Leonle, George.
Lottie and Frank Reed, aged 57 years I
months and 6 days.
Kate. Lilian and Margaret Plunkett. a na-
tive of Galway, Ireland. - . ,
BORN.
A y. ER ELL-In this city. February 0. 1311, to
the wife of II. E. Averell. a .laURhter.
MASTERS-In this city. February 1. 1301. ta
th» ¦wife O f j. E . Masters, n *on.
ii rU 7,, marrla " and de * th notices sent by
rnall vrl\\ cot be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MARRIED.
nrtOUGHTOX-LIVINGSTOX-In thla city.
February 13, 1201. at the Palace Hotel, by
I • '.' ~ V Anthony, Dr. G*or»?» A. Brough-
ton of Oxnard and Marj' Livingston of Los
. An;f!<«s.Trapper's Oil cuns rheumatism and neuralgia.'
Druggists. 50c Cask.' Richards & Co.. 40S Clay. *
The board, of managers of the- Toune
Men's Js at work making ar
ransements to celebrate . the day - of tho
prder.^ which falls on the 22d inst. . Thor«
is to be a' grand musical and literary en
tertalnment In the Metropolitan Teml
and the principal address win be fi3?i
ered_ by ¦Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president
of the, University of California. TTie boa?d
is securinesome of the best vocal tai^n.
obtainable and expects to mako thl A-^nJ
the of If not the . superior of an v
celebration previously held. ' ny
Young Men's Institute Day.
The Order of Fraternal Eagles has se
cured the Tivoli Opera-house for a Fra
ternal Eagle night to be given in a short
t Ime. This affair is being , arranged • by
San Francisco Aerie Jn conjunction with
Golden Gate Aerie for the purpose of. rais
ing funds to entertain the representatives
to the grand aorie which -will meet in this
city this year There sre to be representa
tives in that grand body from al] the Pa
cific Coast States and from Alaska and
British Columbia. *
Fraternal Eagles' Grand Asrie.
The new library budding in t . Sunset
District was opened last Friday "night
with appropriate ceremonies. Mr?. Wal
lace P. Angelo. president of the Sunset Li
brary Association, delivered a short ad
dress of welcome and Introduced James
Lavls as chairman of the evening. TJfie
programme was in the hands of children
ranging from 3 to IS years of age, all of
the selections and arrangements having
b*en left entirely to them. -Mrs. Joseph
Clark acted as accompanist. -The follow
ing nam«d took part In the entertainment:
Matilda and Josie Kelle»" Beatrice Mold
rup. Zelda Jones, Dorothy Rutherford.
Marguerite. Lena and Car] Beetz: Minnie
Hoffman. June Alexander, Caroline j. el
ters. Mamie Foley. MolMe Wolters. Beat
rice GlUigan. Gertrud- Rosemond. Marlon
Souther, Jennie HofT. Carl and Albert
Dietrich. Donald Clark. Eddie TIchbeln.
John ami William Diez. "Jamp« Dp vis.
Rarph Harnish. Henry Smith. Roy Pol
lock and Bert Hu:s.
Sunset Library Entertainment
President. Professor Emory E. Smith- first
vice president. Mrs. L O. Hodgklns: second
vice president. Mrs. William Alvord- recording
secretary. Urs. Henry P. Tricon; correspond
ing: secretary. William H. Wieeter; treasurer
John Henderson: accountant. Mrs. A R. Gun"
nison: directors— Mrs. Morris Xewton John
Hlnkle. Mrs. John Knell and Mrs. Kate'chand"
At the regular monthly meeting of the
California State Floral Society Saturday
afternoon at 223 Sutter street the follow
ing named officers were elected:
Floral Society Elects Officers.
The Lincoln monument co. /jttee has
completed all arrangements for the Lin
coln day services to be held to-morrow
night in Metropolitan Hall. The \ cere
monies of the day will be formally inau
gurated at noon by a national salute of
twenty-one guns, fired by the U. S. S. l.o
hican. Details of veterans from the;va
rious Grand Army posts have been made
out and the old soldiers will speak -at all
the schools. A general request has been
made that flags be hoisted on all 'public
buildings and private houses in -honor of.
Lincoln. Samuel M. Bhortridge will _e
llver a short address at the evenine ex
ercises in Metropolitan Hall and volunteer
talent from several of the theaters will
appear. Tenor solos will be rendered bv
Harry Melvin. Charles E. Taylor and J.
Hughes navies, and the Arlon Vereln will
render a grand chorus.
Lincoln Day Services.
Fifty-yard raco. Buterworth^ first and
"W. Laxken second: under- water race. "Wal
ter L*. Toweres first and K. Rollins second;
diving for money. J. Johnson first. T. Mo-
Ran spcond and T. Louis "third: 100-yard
race. J. Oustin first. C O. Lutlnger sec
ond and C. Ry'an third: hlRh diving. J.
Jones first and S. Riely second. The div
ing for money contest occasioned great
excitement and merriment.
No arrests were made by the police, but
they were searching for a pickpocket all
afternoon. Captain Vanlfeld. who resides
at 1435 Stein'er street, reported that his
pocket had been picked of $90 at the
Haight-street entrance to the Park. He
said he was jostled in the crowd and when
he w r ent to reach for his money it was
pone. After this Incident extra police
men were detailed to minple with the
crowd near the entrance, with the result
that no further pocket picking w*as re
ported. .
A eood bill at the Chutes was enjoyed
by a large crowd. The chutes and scenic
railway were kept busy during the day
carrying loads of yelling- youngsters and
others. Many people took a dip at Sutro
Baths and were entertained by the con
tests, the results of which were as folows:
Sutro Baths.
Many thousand pleasure seekers took
advantage of the pleasant weather yester
day and passed the day at the park or
beach or nearby resorts. The number o.f
vehicles out was unusually larsre, but the
day passed without a runaway or acci
dent.
Entance — Fun at Chutes and
LARGE CROWD ENJOYS
A BAY AT THE PAEK
Pickpocket Operates at Haight-Street
The police believe that the mother of
the infants, finding that she was too poor
to bury her children, .deposited them in
this place. The neighborhood was greatly
wrought up over the peculiar find, and the
gossips were busy discussing the affair
from their doorsteps. They were, however
loth or unable to enlighten the officers. '
Dr. Bacigalupi. autopsy physician for
the Coroner, examined the twins and pro
nounced them to have been stillborn.
M/s. Ketchum Informed the officers that
she found the bundle at 11 o'clock. Out of
curiosity she- took it into the yard and
upon opening it found the dead infants.
Believing that a breath of Ufa mijrht be
in the bodies, she hurriedly called Dr
McDonald, a physician, who is staying
at the house, and when he examined the
twins he pronounced them dead.
Detectives Dlnan and Wren were de
tailed on the case and made a thorough
investigation. They were, however, un
able to locate the person who left the
bundle. ' ;
Mrs. Mary Ketchum. who lives in the
upper flat, found th& bodies. They were
wrapped in an oM black . apron.
She took the parcel Into the yard,
and upon examining it was- greatly
shocked. She notified ; Jeremiah Murphy
and his wife and Murphy informed Of
ficers M.'J. Hemenez and Fontana. They
in turn notified the Morgue, and Deputies
Smith and Brown took charge of the re
mains.
The bodies of two female babies, evi
dently twins, were found yesterdaymorn
in the rear of 44S Natoma street. The
police were notified, and they questioned
the Inmates of the houses adjacent, but
were unable to discover the mother of the
dead infants.
Mrs. Mary Ketchum Makes
a Startling Discovery
in Her Yard.
FINDS BODIES
OF TWO BABES
Resolved. That a copy of this preamble nnd
resolutions b* furnished the press and other
Interested parties.
soldiers" or "sur*"ivor«" of the late ¦war for
this occaMbn. as the O. A. R. Is fully pre
pared and cheerfuliv will provide all necessary
expenses for a flttlntr recentlon and entertain
ment of their dlstlnfruished comrade.
Resolved. That the Dub'lc is cautioned acalrst
maklncr contributions of monev or otherwise
asslstlnsr organisations of so-called "veterans."
ans of the Civil War and that the absence of
any public action on their part up to this
dote is due to their having ascertained bv di
rect communication with Comrade MrKlnley
that no decision hns yet been reached by him
us to his contemplated trln here ari that he
deptre* no positive action taken here until
after March 1,
largely composed of men who could n"t se
cure admission to the posts of the Grand
Army of the Repuhlic for good and sufficient
reasons, and have been advertising themselves
by inference and other doubtful methods as
adjuncts of the Grand Army of the Republic
and have, been seeking notoriety as such by
extending an invitation to our Comrade Mc-
Kinley to accept their hospitality and other
courtesies, thcrebv belittling and throwing
discredit on the Grand Army of the Renubllc
*>nd deceiving the publ'c as to the letter's
doings ftnd Intentions. Now, therefore, It Is^
Resolved, That this committee, by its ap
nolntment. is the only authorized body In San
Francisco representing the G. A. R. In this
mutter and that It has done and is doinK an 1
will continue to do all that Is necessay and
proper, either as a separate organization or in
conjunction with the national. State and mu
nicipal authorities to extend to our Comrade
McKinley all due and needAil hospitality and
the social, charitable and fraternal Interests
of the survivors of the rank and file of the
T,'nlon army and navy, who fought «n th*
Civil War from 1S61 to 1S65. with satisfaction
to all concerned and credit to Itself: and
¦whereas, certain borties of men or organiza
tions of. reputed veterans, from time to time
and at present, have been and are now pos
lr.B- here as kindred societies of the Grand
Army cf the .Republic, when Jn realitr they
The general committee of the members
of the G. A. R. of San Francisco, ap
pointed to arrange for the reception and
entertainment of President McKinley.
unanimously adopted the following reso
lutions at its meeting Saturday night:
TVhereas. The Grand Army of the Republic
has for the past thirty years assumed and
Public Cautioned Against Impostor3
Who Are Wrongfully Using
. Name of the Order.
GRAND ARMY PREPARES
TO BECEIVE McKINXEY
The foiti'-*lgltth ¦xmlverary of the In-
Ftallatlon of OAiden Gat? Encampment
No. 1. I. O. O. F.. T3? celebrated in En
oamrmer.t Hall Saturday night. A pleas
ing: prr>s:ramme ha3 been prepared bv J.
A. Foster, U. A. TotvIc. W. P. Hum
phreys. F. L. Turpin. Dr. R. J. Sch!rmsn.
C. A. Stable. J. II. Tr.ster. F. E, Higgins
vrA F. J. TI«ywood. It included an ad
flress of welcome by Charles A. Sumner.
P. G. P.: "O3d Fellowship Past and
Present." by L. L. Alexander: "What Odd
Fe!tow«j>2x> Has r»or^?." by W. II. Barnes.
P. Ci. P.: '"Le? Courrfrs." piano selectJon.
M5s=s E>na Arrillaea: "The Lotos Eat
ers." select rea-lir.?. Mabfl A. Richard
s<-.n; rerftaUorW Miss Fditn Cros^ett: banjo
«.->!e<*ti<-,ns. Messrs. Fecnv and Randal;
r<=-c!tsTi<-.n. Ml«a Calif-rnla Childs. gradu
ate of th» Ralston University. Washinc
icn, D. <\. ar.d barytone solo. R. W.
.'njy?. The entertainment closed with a
Golden Gate's Anniversary.
Of Leonora Jackson, the California
girl, who will appear next week in two
recitals .at the California Theater, the
Baltimore Morning Herald, of February
21. 1900. reported as follows: "In the entire
gamut of lady violinists, including Maud
Powell. Lady Halle, Tua and Urso. there
Is hardly one in whom can be found the
combination of virtuoso qualities dis
played by Miss. Jackson. From the first
stroke of her bow Miss Jackson had her
audience won and her work throughout.
for a woman, was something in the na
ture of a revelation." •
The. fourth Henschel recital will be
given this evening at' Metropolitan
Temple at 8:15 and will include in Its pro
gramme song* by Clmarosa. Handel. Sal
vator Rosa. Purceir. J. W. Frank. Cocchl,
Liszt. Schumann, Brahms. C. V. Stan
ford. Schubert. Ambrose Thomas, Hen
schel and Loewp.
• • •
To-morrow afternoon Leopold God
owsky will make his first appearance In
California at Sherman-Clay Hall. The
pianist's programme is a phenomenal one.
containing the twelve "Symphonic
Studies"" of Schumann and the terrific
Godowsky paraphrases, of. the Chopin
studies. In whicli two or three of these
famously difficult movements are welded
into one colossal effort. The artist is
the sensation of the da- In Berlin, since
his appearance there last month, and
ranks with and above, some critics hold,
the late Idols— Paderewskl and Rosenthal.
The new faces at the Chutes to-day
are those of the Hawaiian Quartet, vocal
and instrumental selections: Maxle Mlt
chcll. In coon songs and dances; McSorley"
and Whiting, sketch artists, and Geortje
Dunbar In his'sensational ladder act. The
holdovers are Swor, McGreevy and Swor
in "A Ragtime Reception"; Miss Carmen
Carlo, the female barytone, and new mov
ing pictures.
• • •
William de Boe. juggler: Ernest Hauser
and Querlta Vincent are on the Olympiad's
bill for this week.
? • *
The La Mont Juvenile Company and
Fairy Ballet. Fred and Miss Georgle
Cooper, AH Zada, Sue Earl. John Whalen.
Lillian Levey and the Marcos are the
week's entertainers at Fischer's Opera
house.
Daly and the Empire City Quartet an
among the good holdovers of the bill.
The nine Xelsons ; are in for another
victorious -week, and Murray and Lane.
Katherine Osterman, Lizzie and VInie
Dorothy Studebaker made her profes
sional debut at the Orpheum last night.
She sang three songs, two of which were
introduced here by Camille d'Arville and
Jessie Bartlett Davis. Mrs. McKeown
won the favor of the house and was
heartily applauded for each effort.
The Orpheum headlines this week are
Idalene Cotton and Nick Long In a new
comedietta, the debut of Dorothy Stude
baker (Mrs. Scott McKeown), and George
Austin Moore.
"A Night Off," Augustln Daly's clever
comedy, is the offering at the Alcazar
Theater this week.
At the Central to-night begins the
realistic melodrama. "After Dark." one
of the William Brady productions. A'
London dock scene, with rpal water and
boats: the tunnel scene with "the Flying
Scotchman." and a music hall scene, in
troducing specialties, arc among the ad
vertised attractions.
Gwynne" at the Tivoll begins this even
ing. It is one of the most pleasing operas
that have been put on at the little opera
house, and all the Tivoli favorites are af
torded good opportunities therein. Next
week "The Wizard of the Nile" will ap
pear and with it the reappearance of
"Hoot lion" Alf C. Whelan. in his orig
inal creation, the King of Egypt-
This morning at 9:30 o'clock the legisla
tive committee which Is Investigating the
San Francisco Police Department will
resume its sessions. Th» members of tne
commission announce that they will hold
morning, afternoon and evening sessions
in order to bring the inquiry to a close
as soon as possible.
Some sensational testimony may bt
looked for this week— that is if certam
parties appear before tr-« commission.
Chairman Knowland and his brother In
vestigators have been waited on by many
persons. male and female, during the
past week, all of -whom have told the-lep
lslators that they can give important tes
timony as to the methods of the Police
Department.
It is expected that William J. Biggy.
who was Chief of Police for a short term.
¦vvUl take the witness stand to-dav, and
h.s testimony will be of great value. Mr.
Biggy, without any previous experience
as a police official and with little knowi
e<ice of the criminal element in China
town, made things so warm for the Mon
golian gambler* and divekeepers that
they were driven out of business. With
a few resolute men Mr. Biggy went into
Chinatown and cleared out the*gamblers
and denkeepers in the notorious alleys.
Mr. Biggy is also expected to testify to
the shameful compact which Mayor Ph»
lan made with the "monarch of the
dallies" to place, a pet of the morning
paper In control of the Police. Depart
ment, -which compact Mr. Blgerv'. as Po
lice Commissioner, refused to be a party
to or vote for. :>.•¦_ '.-<
Chinese Consul General Ho Tow.
If he Is willing to testify. will
also b« another Important "witness.
Jf he takes the witness stand lie
Is expected to testify as to statements
made to Igm by reputable. Chinese mer
chants as to'the conduct of the police In
Chinatown. • . —
The commission •will Insist on having
the name of the white roan who arranged
for the "monarch of the dailies" the
game of fantan last Friday night In
which Assemblyman Wright took part.
Some of the members of the legislative
commission did a little quiet Investigat
ing In Chinatown yesterday. They did
not secure the services of any representa
tive of the "monarch" to show them
around, but were conducted by persons
who have no "ax to grind" in the in
quir-- •
Ex-Chief Biggy Is Expected
to Give Most Important
Testimony.
POLICE INQUIRY
TO BE RESUMED
The second and last week of "Xell
SOUSA and his band were accorded
an ovation last evening at their
first concert at the Alhambra The
ater. J The house was not so crowd
ed as it might have been, but every
number on the programme was encored
again and again.
It is the same Sousa who returns to us
after his brilliant triumphs in Europe,
with the same old Sousa-lsms, Delsartean
graces, and easlly-lmitable mannerisms
that form the stock turn of every second
specialty company that strikes the town.
It Is the same band, too, with its color
ful, satisfying, full-blooded quality, and
inimitable swing and go, the same band
that has wrested from European band
authorities a quite unique admiration.
The programme contained many new
numbers. Chief In interest among them
was the "Capricio Italian" of Tschai
kowsky, which was admirably .given by
the band. A "scene and" ensemble" of
Giordano's also proved a most attractive
number, and a new Strauss "Czardas,"
"Ritter Pasman" and "Ball Scenes" of
Czibulka were enjoyably heard. But it
is In the Sousa marches that the peculiar
quality of the band is tasted, and in some
ragtime eccentricities that last year set
all Paris trying to waltz with one foot
while busily engaged in two-stepping with
the other.
"El Oapltan." "The Man Behind the
Gun." "Stars and Stripes," one old favor
ite after another, appeared in response to
the clamorous encores, and were again
encored on their appearance.
With the band this time comes the, as
usual, Indifferently good singer— not that
it much matters, as It is the band one
goes to hear. Miss Blanche Duffleld has
a good voice of quite exceptional range
and excellent quality, but her method is
•distinctly amateurish. She sang a new
Sousa song. "Maid of the Meadow," and
was well received, and encored. Miss
Bertha Bucklin is the other soloist, and
Miss Bucklin plays the violin in quite
clever fashion. She has a" loose, facile
wrist, a clear technique, a larger tone
than the acoustics of the Alhambra Thea
ter permit of making apparent, and gave
the Rlc-s "Adagio" and "Moto Perpe
tuum" In quite musical fashion. Arthur
Pryor, the "Paganlni of the trombone"
as "the Belgians style him. was brilliant
and musical as ever in his solo, "The
Patriot." and its double encores.
A surprise of the evening was the pre
sentation to the conductor of a California
"bear flag," by an admiring company of
Westerners, who had witnessed a similar
presentation In Cologne during Sousa's
visit there. The ceremony was simple in
the extreme. One of the party, who re
mains "incog" by request, came upon the
platform after the rendering of Sousa's
new march. "Hail xo the Spirit of Liber
ty." and in a few words presented the
flag— a rich white silk affair, red-edged
and lettered, and with the California bear
beautifullv embroidered in golden brown
upon it "From your friends Jn California.
as a token of the esteem in which you
are held in the Golden State." Sousa re
plied in a few well-chosen words, and
after saying that now he must serve "un
der two flags instead of one." started th«
band with the "Star Spangled Banner,"
to which the audience arose.
The next concert will be given on Wed
nesday afternoon.
* • •
For her last week's programme at the
California Theater Mr5. Fiske will give
during the first three evenings "Tess of
the D'Urbervilles." in which she has
created so favorable an impression, and
"Becky Sharp" will be given on Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday evenings, also
Saturday matinee. The two dramatic
features of the week are. of course, the
Fiske and Bernhardt engagements, and
the opportunity to compare the work of
the former, who has been freely styled
"the lereatest American actress," with
that of the srreat French woman, -will be
peculiarly interesting. Public opinion
seems to be about equally divided as to
the attractions of Mrs. Fiske's two play?,
the characters being so widely divergent
ss hardly to be comparable. "Tess" and
"Becky" have each their champions, and
whichever I? seen, the work is that of un
doubted genius. Mrs. Fiske will be fol
lowed by "The Waif* of New York."
His Band Opens at Alhambra=«Mrs. Fiske's Second Week at Cali
fornia=-Dorothy Studebaker flakes Her Debut at Orpheum.
Bartnn Hill went to !h<> >itlpodP!«
last vesr as n rr.^mbp* 1 of N*ance O"Ne'l'«
thentrirsl company. H» r^n9 accompanied
«^n h!s vujVMge JiTn«« bv Mr. T.Ingard. an
other rfierrbr" nf •*•<» rr-^nany.
Th<» wife of Barton Hill was a native
ft K'izabeth, N. J.. and was CS years oli
et the time of h^r death. In addition to
yi.r-r rrjs^nn'1 «he !s rmurriod by one son.
Charlf j B. Hill, who is In the insurance
business. r.r>r\ three <1aucrhters— Mrs.
rttaHe* Tt Hill «-f C\ev(>\*-<1. Ohio. Mrs.
"Vr. n. <~nrrr.n of c;p a t'i» Wash., and Miss
Clara Hi!l -f tl-.i? cltr.
The favorite artor received words of
yympathy from a large number of tho
n.if«= c r:c^rs of the Sirrra. for whom he
had belped to Hirhten the monotony of the
long: ocean voyage.
As forn as the Sierra tied up th» cus
toms officers on the ship allowed Mr. Hill
tn leave the vessel before any other pas
termer. On the tfnek he was met by his
*on. Charles B. Hill, rind the meeting was
a Fad one. Th© old player was informed
that hip wife had passed away last Tues
day, th<» I^ttrr s«>nt to the ship being for
Th>« purpose cf preparing Mr. Hill for the
pad r.f>w«.
After reading the letter Mr. Hill was
overcome with grief, and in reply to ques
tions from fome of the passengers the
veteran a-ctcr. in a br&ken voice, announc
ed that he. had received news that his
wife was dying.
The steamer by this time was under
wav enrt making for her dock, and it was
Impossible for Mr. Hill to board the
launch.
He was looking forward to meeting h'.s
•wife en his arrival in this city, and wa3
e: impatient as a young lover when th<s
Fhip was held at the quarantine ground
yesterday for inspection.
As soon as the signal was given by the
doctors that the Sierra had a clean bill
cf health a launch approached the
Steamship and a letter for Mr. Hill was
passed on board.
On the journey from the Antipodes Mr.
Hill was the gayest man on board the
fc-erra, and on Saturday night last he en
tertained the saloon passengers for many
hours by reciting and telling anecdotes
cf h'.s lor.g; career.
Barton Hill, the veteran actor, re
turned from Australia yesterday on the
Bteamsbip Sierra, only to learn that his
bc!Dvcd wife had passed away In this city
a few days ago.
Anticipation of Joyous Meeting
Turned to Grief Wh.en Long
Ocean Voyage Is
Ended.
Barton Hill Returns From
Australia Too Late to
Greet His Wife.
SHE DIES WHILE
HE IS ON OCEAN
"He wrote a play that he wanted us to
produce, but we declined . to handle his
production, becansn we remembered that
his 'Soldier of thn Empire' and his adapta-<
tion of the 'Corslcan Brothers' did not set
the town on fire nor did they fill the cof
fers of the box office to overflowing. In
his new play, called 'A Husband's Honor.'
his chief scene is a lion's den. I believe
the leading man rushes into the cage and
rescues some one. The only trained beasts
in this vicinity are possessed by Adtrfe
and we declined to engage the lady and
her pet?, because they were no longer a
sensation In this city. Hall sent me a let
ter that was more of a threat than an ap
peal. He notified me that he would resign
if his play was not produced during the
week of the 11th, and I informed him that
we could get along without him and hl3
play. Mr. Hall concludes his engagement
with the Central Theater tht« evening."
"Hall was not adapted to the plays pro
duced at the Alcazar," said the manager,
"and when we opened the Central we
transferred him to thnt house and gave
him a chance to try his talents in melo
drama. He was doing- fairly well and
might have continued in the company bui
for his conduct.
The trouble between Hall and the man
agement is principally due to the actor.
He tried to have Belasco" & Thall stage
his latest production, entitled "A Hus
band's Honor," but the flrat-named mem
ber of the firm, havins? in mind the lack
of money-making qualities of Hall's pre
.vlous efforts, declined. Hall might have
overcome their scruples had he not been
rash in making threats. He notified the
management that if his play was not
staged he would depart from the Central
Theater. He labored under the belief that
he was an indispensable member of the
company. This belief was rudely shat
tered when his resignation was accepted.
Manager Eelasco expressed no regret at
losing Hall.
Howard Hall, 'leading man. playwright
and matinee idol, will no longer tread the
boards at'.the Central Theater. Lost even-
Ing he made his last bow to an audience
from the stage of Belasco & Tha.» s new
playhouse. He is now on the "Rialto,"
awaiting an engagement from a rival
management. Hall will never again be
seen at the Alcazar or Central theaters.
Belasco & Thall are wroth at him and
have placed the ban of their disapproval
upon him.
Threatens to Resign Because Hi3
Play Is Not Produced and Man
ager Bslasco "Calls
Howard Hall Departs From
the Central Theater.
in a Huff.
LOVES HIS PLAY
MORE THAN PLACE
50USA DELIGHTS AUDIENCE
WITH WONDERFUL MARCHES
MISS BLANCHS DUFFIELD. THE BEAUTIFUL. TOUXG LADY SOLOIST
XOW WITH SOUSA. SHE HAS A RICH SOPRANO VOICE, WHICH
HAS ATTRACTED MORE THAN ONE GRAND OPERA MANAGER.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1901.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tootn paste
Wright T^
reg'Iy 1 5c tubs IOC
N i g h.t lights
Popes head— bum in nut oil _ _
reg'Iy 15c box X UU
Mail orders
carefully filled — big catalogue
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California San Francises
Thirteenth «nJ Clay Street* OiUanJ .
Broken
Eyeglass
I>nses replaced for 5O cents.
Any Astljasatlc lenses duplicated tar S1.00
and Jfl.r.o.
Guaranteed correct and best q-ualtty.
Oculists' prescriptions fll!e<L Factory on
premises. Quick repatriny. Ffcoae, Mala 19.
OPTICIANS^^phic^r^
642 Market St. imstrumints
uxstR cuaowciE 8*un.DiN&. CaTAICGU! Fp*1.
BUSINESS CORNER.
37:6x87:6.
$25,000.
Three blocks from Market street.
The buildings should be turned into
stores.
THOS. MAGBB & SONS,
5 Montgomery Street,
j^H P*^gf flpKy»»y^^**>HBi^86L^.Ep IB laaO «*^*C j
Kl Q era l^lj K-i ¥*U s%.
DR.MCNLTLTY.
I^his xr&LSrKxovrs asdrrliable old
. 8p«dal«tc«re* Blood Poison. < ion. . rrlwt:i. <:.-' u
Mrictor^. \Veatn^K». IrapoU>nc*i»Dd their
«liied Dlvirters. Booi on I>iwas« of Men. trrtn.
Ovpra.yearsVxper'ence.Ternn reasonable, llonrt.
9to3<JaUy:e:30to*.30*T'pfcSand,-»Tsi,|0to 12. Cftucl-
tution free and sacredly con fldentiaL Can oraddresa
P. KOHCOK aeXrtTT, 31. D.
3CK Et&rn7»U OaaFran«iM«.C9l.
1A/. X. HESS.
Tenti Floor. Room 1013. Clans SpreckeU BMf.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence. i2X California st.. trlow Poweii.
San Francisco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the our» of GONORRHOEA. GLEST3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaiats of tho
Orvaus of Uererntiun.
Price {1 a bottle. For sal* by iSruszlstx
jj£B*»** PAINLESS
AJ^f^J$*^s^l EXTRACTION
irVyTf^^* i^ v «T>t '^-^v^ Our $5.03 Platu
ElS^t GEARY STRi.ET
Between Hjnfle and Larkin.
Telephone Fclit llif
Bet. Tavbr and Jorei
Mall . orders recejr*d. ; >.^-' ,
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
g^T^g^^^^ .1300 yards of 5 to 7
-^^^^RgSsf" Inches wide SWISS
|§|fgtpi*»i!S3 DOUBLE THREAD
KMBROEDERY — r«gu-
#&%fA% >" Prtce 45c-on sale at:.
Injertlon to match embroidery at same
Trices.
Come ¦ early for thes« * "goods, as . they
won't last lone. '
3SC0- yards of 4-lnch EMBROIDERY;
«ouble thread: a great many patterns to
choose from— at :......
15c : ' Yapd - J
1'2'ic ?M
JOC Yard.
J700 yards of 3H-lnch EMBROIDERT:
new deslcns:. double thread: regular price
10c— on sale at ...*. „
„ H*° yards S-lnch OPEX '. WORK EM-
BROIDERY: double thread:- assorted pat-
terns;- regular price 15c— on sale at
TAG Yard.
SMO yards of DOUBLE ;_ -_", - , -^
T H n E A D EMBIIOI- 1^^
DERY; assorted pat- SjSPf^i^ilfRji
terns: regular price 10c— 'y*-2 i kA\lYPp
on sale - -; •; Vf^i^l
2000 yards of DOUBLE THREAD EM-
BHOIDEnr; worth 12^c-oa sale at
.'* mention Just a few specials— n-e have
dozens of others in higher grade goods at
greatly reduced prices:
GREAT
Embroidery Sale
NOW ON.
CITY STORES.
S1O Grant Ave., b=t. Post and Sutter
S61 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Po'k St.
112 Third St. 1819 DevisaJero St.
14C Ninth St. 2OOS Fillmire St.
?tOO6 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery Ar.
2E!6 Mi^ioti St. 3285 Mission St.
705 Larkin St. . 2732 24th St.
S55 Hayes St. 475 Hai£ht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STOKES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
IIS5 23rd Ave. GIG E. 12th 6t.
loIO Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-I355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL-B St.. near Fourth.
70 Other Branch Stores.
§ Special \ n „
I sale Jvil Heaters-
Agateware
Jardiniers
fBottcniB China
i^^J Crockery
Glassware
/S\ Dinner Sets
I T J Toilet Sets
\£^s^ Artv/are
Great American Importing Tea Go.
GOLDBEBO. B0FES ft CO'S 8P35CUL SA7IS3 SAL!
BQWEM o
© S£ GO • b
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Corn and Succotash
Sea Foam— Maine • \ 2 x c
res'ly 15c can z
doz $1.40
E gg s
Fancy stock io z 2 2*C
Catsup
G B & Co -r " r>
reg'Iy 20c bottle L 5^
A s pa ragus
Our choice — HIckmott o rsc
re;> 25c can UC
vJ h u t n e y
Bombay— 10 kinds onr
reg'Iy 40c pint . . 6 U^
W hi sky.
JVkBrayer'C8 Sl.IC
reg'Iy $1.50 bottle y D
*6gai- 4.5O
Ginger ale
Belfast— Cochrane & Co <£ T o m
reg'Iy $1.50 doz . • -P x ' 6 D
Bouillon
reg'Iy 30c box of ten 5
Figs
.Smvma — imported • T -^
reg'Iy 20c lb , 1 J t
Sardines
French — in tomato sauce 2OC
French boneless— Ks . , ««ir
reg'Iy 25c and 30c can - 2 2 2 C
Oli v e s
Split ripe ' quart onr
delicate flavor u^
C h e e s e .
Eastern— full cream for i r I r
Welsh rarebit-reg'Iy22KcIb l I.**
Riesling
"•• ;•;¦. Rich flavor— dilute with 6 C C
mineral water— reg'Iy $1 gal 0
Pimie.ntos
Stuffed red peppers . onr
reg'Iy 25c can 2OC
Lentils
German— large ones 3Hbs o - r
reglyi2j^clb 1 -
. C o g n a c.
• Bottled in France— 3 Star d T O4 ~
reg'Iy. $1.50 bottle p I .ZQ
Toil e t so a p
Melba _ tf
reg'Iy 50c doz o / *
GOLDBERG. BO WEN k CO'S SPECIAL 8ATINQ SALE
HI. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
NEW NOVELTY SILKS.
FIGURED GROS de LONDRES, In solid colors an!
white shot} FIGURED SATIN LOUISINE, In white
shot effects, all new colorlnrjs and latest soft finish,'
Prices $1.35 and S1.5O Yard.
NEW WASHABLE SILK FLANNEL.
An elegant assortment of NEW WOVEN DOT WASH-
ABLE SILK FLANNEL, in White and Gold, White
and Black, White and Turguolse, White and Navn
and White and Red.
Price 61.25 Yard.
NEW DSESS GOODS.
50 pieces NEW FRENCH satin soleil, 45 inches
wide, In the following shades: Seal, Golden, Auto-
mohlle Red, Reseda, Gray, Tan, French Blue and Navn.
Price $1.00 Yard.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
7 cases NEW SHIRT WAISTS, from the Yern hest
Eastern manufacturers. These Waists are In Lawn,
Cheviot, Chamhrau and PerGale, hoth white and
colors, all Yeru handsomely trimmed,
Prices 75c to $4.50 Each.
SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL.
225 pieces NEW SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL, TheSB
Flannels are In a great Yarletu of styles, are per-
fectly fast colors, width 30 inches.
Price 35c Yard.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING:
This week we will have on sale
some elegant lines of New Goods.
' ' ¦ .^^m*. ¦ " .- < - ;
Nothing Greasy I
when u
»"Ko-Nut"
I A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat, is I
t used for |jj
£ Shortening. Frying and p
? General Cooking. K
H A perfect superseder of Butrer, i
Q Lard and Comooands. £5
|| Never Gets Rancid. . 1
I Free from Animal Matter, y
m Ask Your Grocer or Write. H
I India Refining Co., |
| Philadelphia. g
ADVEBTISEMZNT3.