WILHELMINA'S FUTURE HUSBAND,
THE PRINCE CONSORT OF HOLLAND,
LEAVES THE HAGUE IN ANGER
FIELD MARSHAL COUNT VON
WALDEBSEE, COMMANDER
OF THE ALLIED TROOPS.
From Sydney, N. S. T7., It Is 'reported
that there is quite a rush of men there
anxious to -Join the gew contingents. 5000
having volunteered. Tbe.-report of Lord
Kitchener's conference with the burghers
also tends to remove anxiety. According
to the Dally. Express Lord Kitchener has
warned the mine-o-wners that thex must
cot count upon .military protection. _ _
"LONDON. Jan. 4.— Advioes from Cape
Town this morning are more hopeful, ow- ,
ing to the active recruiting of local forces
In all quarters, and a better feeling pre
vails In London, based upon -the prospect
of ' Lord . Roberts taking the reins at the
War Office. ;
military by the formation of a paid: de
fense force.
A station master of the Fraserburg road
has seized a number of cases marked
"condensed injlk" .addressed to Fraser
burg which contained 3000 split bullets,
COO detonators and 130 pounds of dynamite.
LONDON, Jan. 3.— There is an uncon
firmed report from Cape Town that fight
ing has occurred eighty miles north of
Ma.tjesfonteln. . '
A Cape Town special says: General
Kitchener has sent a dispatch to General
Forestler-Walker, in command of the
British forces at Cape Town, saying:
"I am glad to hear of the Ministers* ac
tion. Give them all the assistance in your
power. : ; Use trains to get 'these colonists
south of -the enemy. Ask the Premier to
inform me if I can help in any way. In
form him that the ; enemy are few but
very, mobile. .Well mounted men are most
"required" to surround them or drive them
north." HffilJ
• Tlft action of the Ministers of Cape Col
ony, referred to -by Kitchener Is
the calling ' on the ¦ loyalists to assist the
ward '. N. Johnston of Oregon." a ; member
of .the first class, appeared before the ex
amining- board in .the semi-annual exam
ination as first man in all the subjects of
his classy-engineering, ordnance and gun
nery, law ' and " history— an / unusual dis
tinction. /"
First of His Class.
WEST POINT, N. T. , Jan. 8.— Cadet Ed-
to-day introduced a resolution calling
upon the President to send to the Senate
"copies all , Instructions sent to the of
ficers 'of the Government . in the Philip
pines since May 1, 1S98, and of all orders
issued ' by ' officers ; of the Government in
the Philippines in relation to the 'conduct
of the war, and^ in* relation to the govern
ment of. that country." .•••,-"¦ ' ¦*!¦•:, - ¦
Pettigrew Wants to Enow. •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Mr. Pettigrew
. BOISE. Idaho, Jan. 3. — State Auditor
Sinclair In his. biennial report gives the
Indebtedness on. ; account ¦ * of the Coeur
d'Alene' riots at $39,849 and suggests that
Shoshone County, where the trouble oc
curred,'be required, by the Legislature to
pay a portion of it. He suggests a State
tax v of 8 per cent on the premiums of in
surance companies in lieu of -a fixed
license, which the Legislature will prob
ably adopt.
Auditor Suggests a State Tax on the
Premiums of Insurance Com
panies to Pay lt.--
UrDEBTEDNESS ON ACCOTTNT
OF OOETTB D'ALENE STBTKES
Trouble Aboard the Barfleur,
Under Command of Ad
miral Bruce.
ENTIRE CREW
OF FLAGSHIP
IS MUTINOUS
HONGKONG. Jan. 3.— Considerable ex
citement has been caused by. the fact, that
the crew of the. Barfleur, "Admiral' Bruce'a
flagship, have mutinied and thrown the
gun sights overboard, thus rendering the
ship practically useless.
The local authorities are very » reticent
in regard to the affair. It la alleged that
the crew considered themselves badly
treated \ in the apportionment of the
Peking loot. They further complained of
heavy : punishments. The grievance of
the petty officers was that' they. were re
fused reasonable leave at Hongkong after
eight months' active service. It Is stated
that a non-commissioned officer of
marines was wounded intentionally. The
facts are difficult to obtain, but it is al
leged that there are forty or fifty men in
cells. ' ,* The -whole ship's company have
had their leaves stopped and all have ab
solutely refused . to obey the officers.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
, Over the RaiL
Sailors of the British Warship
Throw the Gun Sights
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 3.— The Jeffer
son County grand jury to-day returned a
true bill against W. W. Parrish. John H.-
De i"VVitt; W; B. Cox and , Sylvester
Breeden. De Witt and Cox are prominent
men, the former beinp captain of the De
Witt Rifles. of the First Kentucky Regi
ment. Breeden has of late been known
as a saloon loafer whase life was Insured
for $13,000 In three companies. The Indict
ment charges that De Witt, Parrish, Cox
and Breeden together 'entered into a con
spiracy to defraud the Union Central Li f«
Insurance . Company out of 13000, the
Woodmen of the World. $3000 and Equit
able Life Assurance Society $5000, policies
for. these Bums'- having, been secured ! In
the named companies and societies. These
policies were made payable to Mrs. Ma
tilda* Breeden, mother.' of / Breeden, but
were afterward assigned to Parrish and
De Witt. ' ' ;
.' The Indictment states that Cox, Parrish
and De Witt "did combine, confederate
and conspire, together with other persons,
to cause, to procure and bring about .the
death of Breeden by giving- Breeden large
and dangerous quantities of whisky, al
coholic licuors / and other - harmful com
pounds and substances with Intent to
break down his health and \ cause his
death or drive him to ¦ commit suicide."
Demise.
Said to Have Piled Sot With
Whisky to Hasten His
KILLED THEIR
VICTIM FOR
INSURANCE
Louisville.
Sensational Charge Against
Prominent Men of
ROME, 6a.,', Jan. 3.— George . Reed, one
of the two negroes wUo. It Is alleged, last
night attempted , to assault * Mrs. v J. M.
Locklear, wife of ; an j East Rome '. bailiff,
narrowly ¦ escaped lynching to-day at tho
hands of a' mob.*- Mrs. l^ocklear was so 111
that she could not positively identify the
negro, and he was returned to prison.- Ex
tra guards have been placed around' the
jail.
The members ; of; the mob made.noiat
tempt at .concealment. '¦; They '- had " forcad
, the Sheriff,'- at • the "point • of ; revolvers, to"
give ' up ¦ the; negro. -The ¦ alleged partner
of Reed Is Joe Williams, who Is also under
arrest.',-. " . ' '..:- • .*'•,.. ".
This afternoon the citizens again, formed
with f the Intention ' of; lynching
Who Is believed "to, be! the guilty party.,: a
V Governor Candler; at -'Atlanta 'has been
notified and it ' is ; expected • troops will ' be
ordered out
Criminal Assault.
TROOPS . MAY i BE CAT.T.KT>
TO PREVENT A LYNCHING
Citizens of a Georgia Town Bent on
Banging 1 a Negro - Held for
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 3.— A dispatch from
Monterey, .Mexico, says: The scarcity of
silver in Mexico Is so great that many
banks in the principal cities of the coun
try are paying 1 per cent Interest per
month on silver deposits. The continued
and unprecedented exportation of Mexican
silver dollars to China, the Philippines
and the Far East, together with the heavy
shipments of sliver bullion from Mexico
to England and the United States Is ap
parently bringing this country to the
verge of a financial crisis. ; Business men
and bankers throughout the country are
appealing to President Diaz and Minister
of Finance Limantour.to have an export
duty placed .on/silver Immediately.
The coi^jjiij of - the
United Etat«?Y .England. France and Ger
many in^f^Xvgjyhave called the attention
of their re&te£t}ye governments to the
financial situation In this country. It Is
asserted that many banks of issue are
short of the silver reserve they are re
quired to have by law, and the moment
they are unable to re.spond to the de
mands of their customers for silver a gen
eral financial ranlc with distressing re
sults will occur throughout the country.
Cent a Month.
Banks in the Principal Cities
Are Paying One Per
LONDON. Jan. 3.— A special dis
patch from Berlin reports that
Duke Henrj' of Mecklenburg-
Schwerln, whose marriage to
Queen WUhelmina of Holland has
been announced for February 7, has left
The Hague, indignant at the tone of the
parliamentary discussion on the subject
of his future position. Whether this Is
true or not, there is no doubt that there
has been endless trouble connected with
the projected marriage. Queen Wilhelra
lna has contrived to g*tt up as much fuss
about the style of precedence as that ex
perienced in England in 1840, when Queen
Victoria was married to Prince Albert of
SCARCITY OF
SILVER MAY
CAUSE PANIC
Crisis.
Exports That Bring Mexico
to Verge of a Financial
FBANK JAMES LOSES HIS
FIGHT FOB OFFICE
Withdraws Alter Having Made an
Active Canvass for Doorkeeper
of Missouri Legislature.
JEFFERSON CITY, ¦Mo., Jan. 3.— Frank
James, brother of Jesse James, the noted
bandit, has lost in his fight for the door
keepershlp of the Missouri House of Rep
resentatives. No man at the capital has,
it is said, worked harder than ha for an
appointment. James personally applied to
the different members of the . Legislature
to give him recognition, for. the benefit of
future generations of his family. The de
cision was reached In the Democratic cau
cus after an all-night session. James'
name was presented by Judge T. T.
Hawkins, a venerable member, who plead
ed eloquently ' for the candidate., On': the
first ballot James received but .fifteen
votes. /On the second ballot James with
drew his name, "thanking from , the bot
tom ; of .his heart"' those who* had given
him support.
' James surrendered to'Goyernor: Critten
den years ago, after his brother Jesse had
been killed by Bob Ford,: and ever since
has lived an upricht life.'"!
Duke should be asked from the country,
considering the vast property at the dis
posal of Queen WUhelmina. Duke Henry's
private fortune is inadequate for his po
sition as Prince Consort, and he will prac
tically be dependent on the Queen's gen
erosity. j[
A special from The Hague says: .The
second chamber to-day adopted without
amendment various articles approving the
Queen's marriage to Duke Henry ,,of
Meeklenbuig-Schwerin'by 70 "to' iO 'votes.-*"
The socialists objectied to the £16,000
grant to Duke Henry. Others regretted
that an annual allowance was not made.
Saxe-Coburg. Queen Wllhelmlna wished
Duke Henry to be created a Prince Con
sort and to have precedence over her
mother, but she was overruled on both
points. On the other hand, her solicitude
for her future husband's pecuniar}' com
fort has by no means been, equal to her
solicitude for his dignity. She has given
up her original proposition.* to • settle a
large sum on him out of her; private for
tune, and now proposes that* Parliament
settle £16,00Q a^j-eat. on him^ayabifjf he
purriyes tier. While | the Queen * is ¦ alive
Duka Henry will get nothing, .according
to this plan. There Is a very strong' feel
ing in Holland that no allowance for the
NEW TORK. Jan. 3.— A late edition of
the Evening World contains the follow
ing: An intimate friend of Mrs. Edwin
Oould told a reporter to-day that ever
Elnce the kidnaping of jUllionaire Cuda
hy's son in Omaha both Mr. and Mrs.
Gpuld have been in constant dread that
their two little boys might b*» stolen.
Evpry precaution is being taken to pro
tect them from kidnapers. There Is never
a moment when the Gould children are
rot jruarded by reliable household ser
vants end closely watched day and night
by private detectives.
When the two little boys retire at night
the nurse double bolts and bars the door
on the inside. Edwin Gould then secures
the door on the outside with a strong
padlock and keeps the key in his posses
sion until morning, when the children
come out. This padlock is changed fre
quently, so duplicate keys cannot be used.
When the children go on the street or
In the park with their nurses a private
detective follows a short distance behind
and does not lose sight of them for an in
stant. Four private detectives are em
ployed to keep the Gould household under
constant surveillance. The elder Gould
child Is Edwin Gould Jr. He is a little
over 7 years old and Is a bright, active
boy. His brother. Frank Fisher Gould, is
only a baby, not quite 2 years old.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler Receives Secret
Information From the Philippines.
REBEL LEADER AGUINALDO
IS REPORTED TO BE DEAD
most active In the rebellion against Spain.
I understand he was a close friend of
Aguinaldo, ar.d has kept in touch with
that remarkable personage even after
I.uencamino himself took a neutral stand.
Euencamino, however, did not take a firm
stand on the side of America until after
the election of McKInley, when, along
with many other Filipinos, he believed
that further opposition to the United
States would be futile."
MANILA. Jan. 3.— General Funston re
ports that General Sandico, the rebel
leader, is hiding near Victoria. He is try-
Ing to reach Manila. His entire follow
ing has dispersed and his men are Indi
vidually surrendering.
The better classes are extending: their
friendship and co-operation to the Ameri
cans. Small encounters and the surrender
of rebels is reported from everywhere.
General Alejandrino has apparently es
caped, as the Mount Arayat expedition Is
returning, after killing or capturing a
number of insurgents and burning- all
rebel supplies -and shelters.
Duro is the term applied to the former
Spanish silver dollar, a coin about equal
In value to .ttc United Bute* dollar.
BERLIN, Jan. 3.— Besides the three
principal claims against Morocco pre
viously settled, Morocco has agreed to 'pay-
Germany 46,269 duros on account. o£ other
claims, and to comply with her other 3e>
raands.
MOROCOO AGREES TO
PAY GEBMAJT CLAIMS
NEW. YORK, Jan. 8.— Benjamin Ide
¦ "Wheeler, president of the University of
California, who is new staying at the
.W£:<icrf-Astoria Hotel, has received in
formation from the eccret service In th-»
! Philippine* to the effect that Aguinaldo
- is Ce&A, and that his death occurred no
less than cix weeks ajro. The news has
' been kept secret by Aguinaldo' s follower".
It is 6aid, for the purpose of prolonging
•' the rebellion, since it was believed that
newt of the chiefs death would cause
such discouragement and alarm that an
utter capitulation would result.
President Wheeler obtained this news,
to he told The Call reporter to-day,
through several Filipino children who
have been placed In his "care by their
• parents. Two are sons of Buencamino,.a
wealthy citizen of Manila, who before the
advent of the Americans in the Phllllp
'pines haA been an active leader of the re
bellion against the ¦ Spanish. President
Wheeler also has in his charge the chil-
Sren of Midel, Governor of Mindanao, and
several other boys whose parents are of
."the wealthy class.
In speaking of the reported death of the
tosurrectlonist President Wheeler said:
- "These boys of mine, as I may call
them, receive frequent communications
from their parents and friends, at home.
. rhe Information which was obtained con
cerning the death of Aguinaldo I under
itanfl came from secret and trustworthy
-»uree«. and is probably true.
"The father of these boys Is Buencaml
ao. who, but or a the Americans came, was
........
QUEEN WILHELMINA OF HOLLAND AND HER FIANCE, DUKE HENRY OF MECICLENBURG-SCHWERIN. WHO
WILL BE MARRIED ON THE 7TH PROX. DUKE HENRY IS INDIGNANT OVER THE PARLIAMENTARY
DISCUSSION AS TO HIS FUTURE POSITION AND HAS LEFT THE HAGUE.
VON WALDERSEE IS
REPORTED TO HAVE
MET TRAGIC DEATH
BUTTE, Mont. Jan. 8.— Eldrfdge WI1
!aa«, who under the name of R. C. Doug
ass was arrested here ebouc a week ago
'or assaulting- his wife, has confessed that
*+ im th« man -wanted in TVatunka. AJa. .
¦or ih« murder of James Boswell in June,
.831. According to his confession. Wil-
I Hams' younger brother had a difficulty
] with Boswell's ton. Williams and Bos
j well met and had an altercation over the
affair, with the result that Boswell was
killed. Willfams escaped and has since
teen traveling in Mexico arid S6u\h*Ajtter-
I ica. Officers from Alabama are on the
I way here to take him back.
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN TO
GUARD GOULD CHILDREN
Securely Locked Up at Night and Watched by
Detectives in Daytime.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Wife Assailant in Montana to Answer for a Crime
Committed Ten Years Ago.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— Le. Journal reports !
. under reserve the death of Count j
voa Wajdersee. tne rumor being j
that he was killed by an officer of j
' the allied troops, the circum- ;
rtances not being related. It is said that
the rumor !s current in Berlin, where it is
r.ot 'confirmed.
PEKING, Jan. 3.— At a meeting of thi
foreign Ministers to-day it was announced
that Li Hung Chang and Prince Chlng
¦were prepared to sign an agreement as
soon as it is ready for signature. LI
Hung Chang desires to conduct the peace
j negotiations to a conclusion and the phy
sicians attending him think he might be
taken to the Spanish legation, where the
. conferences have been held. If the weather
j is favorable. The Germans are reported
| to be returning to Sanho with a number
i of prisoners.
The punitive expeditions of the powers
i rrove to have been simply looting parties.
I Lieutenant Colonel Wint of the Sixth
j Cavalry met the Germans at Tanghin.
I where the latter had taxed the villagers
4000 tae!s (J2700) ari-J one hundred pony
loads of furs as punishment for the al
leged murder of Imaginary Christians.
He had express orders from General Chaf
fee to co-operate Tith tne Germans, but
withdrew. The ulterior motive and ob
ject of the Germans In reducing the pro
vince to a desert and in destroying the
last vestiges of Chinese authority Is ap
parent, but why the American forces
should be supposed to assist in the work
Is not clear.
SHANGHAI. Jan. 3.— The Chinese news-
I paper, Chung Wel Hei Ao, makes the fol-
I lowing statement: "The imperial rescript
| accepting the peace conditions instructs
. the Chinese commissioners; when discuss
; ing points not specified, to Rriin as many
concessions as possible. The conditions
Involve two hundred debatable ques
tions."
CONFESSES COMMISSION
OF MURDER IN ALABAMA
Rumors in Paris and Berlin That the
Commander in Chief in China Was
Killed by an Officer of Allied Troops
LORD BOBS' ROYAL
WELCOME UPON HIS
RETURN TO LONDON
ly greeted the field marshal. Everybody
by that time. 2:30 p. m., was very hungry*
but Lord Roberts would not go to luneh
eon until, he had Inspected the Guards.
Accompanied by one or two officers he
walked between the- lines of men. who
towered over the tiny commander In chief,
making him appear smaller than ever, al
most overweighted by the Immense
plumes of- his field marshal's hat.
"When the Inspection was over Lord Rob-"
erts. the members of the royal family and
the generals went into the palace and had
a private luncheon, whereupon the crowds
dispersed.
Lord Roberta Trent from Buckingham
Palace to the War Office, where he form
ally took over the wcrk of commander in
chief of the forces, l.e will begin attend
ing the War Office at regular hours to-.,
morrow. '•- . " ? i?f
The War Office, the West End clubs and
the public buildings were illuminated this '
evening. The thoroughfares are unusu
ally crowded and the holiday spirit was
evident, but there was little ©f the dis
order and drunkenness of the previous
war celebration. ; i
All the royal ladies- were In half-mourn
ing ?.nd most of the guests in neutral or
somber tints, very few appearing In
bright shades. Five tables were beauti
ful with gold plate and flower decorations. •
At the high table, in the center Lord Rob
erts, looking fatigued but triumphant, sat
between the Princes3 of Wales and th«
Princess Victoria of Wales. The Prince
of Wales sat between Lady Roberts and
the Duchess of Argyll. At the same table
sat the Duchess of York, the Duke of
Connaught. the Duke of Cambridge, Lord
Salisbury. Lord Wolseley and Lord Sel
borne. The second, table, headed by the
Duk? of York, Included Mr. and Mrs.
Chamberlalnl
There were only two toasts— one to the
Queon and the other to Lord Roberts. The
Prince of Wales, proposing the health of
the field marshal, said:
"It Is my pleasure, in behalf of the
Princess and all of the members of the
royal family and In the Queen's name, to
welcome Lord Roberts home from the dis
tant country where he has I commanded
our gallant army In very difficult and try-
Ing circumstances. I am glad to think
the war is now approaching a, conclu
sion. We congratulate Lord Roberts upon
the great success he has achieved and
upon seeing him safely back. In the name
of all present I wish to express our de
light at finding Lord Roberts accompanied
ty his wife and two daughters, especially
the one whose health recently caused so
much anxiety."
After felicitating Lord Roberts npon the'
reception accorded him by the citizens
and the soldiers the Prince went on to
say:
"It was such a reception as was ex
tended to all Englishmen who do their
duty. His Lordship and I have known
each other eo long that it fills my heart
with Joy to see the gallant soldier homo
again. None could offer him heartier con- •
gratulatlons than those who, in behalf of
the assembled company, it Is my privilege
to extend to him proposing his good
health." -:
The speech of the Prince was frequently'
interrupted with cries of "Hear, hear."
and the whole company arose to honor,
the toast. Lord Roberts, replying-, said in
part:
"My heart Is full of Joy at the unex
pected and magnificent honor with which
her Majesty the Queen has been gra
[ clouBly pleased to reward my endeavors "
in South Africa and at the splendid wel'- •
come the public of England has given me.
"The only drawback to my happiness Is.'
that circumstances In South Africa have
prevented more of my comrades from be
ing with us, the comrades to whose valor
and military skill I owe any success that
may have been achieved lri South Africa.
I much wished that some of the repre
sentatives of the great colonies could have
accompanied me here. the. colonies which
have given their bravest and their best to !
fight 'for j the mother country in signal .
proof of the unity of the empire under
one flag and under one sovereign."
The speech was heartily applauded. •
The field marshal had another popular
ovation in the early evening when pro
ceeding to Portland palace to dino with
Mr. Broderick. - Ero^'ftM
¦After midnight the streets cleared rapid-.
ly and the newspapers this morning are.
able to congratulate the .capital upon a
worthy reception of a hero unmarred by.
disreputable scenes.
Throngs Crowd the Line of March to
Buckingham Palace to Cheer the
New Commander of* British Army
REPORT OF FIGHTING IN
DISTURBED CAPE COLONY
After congratulations had been ex
changed Lord Roberts walked with the
Prince of Wales, the Duke of York and
the. adjutant general. Sir Evelyn Wood,
and reviewed the guard of honor. The
veteran field marshal, who appeared to bo
in perfect health, with pink cheeks, bore
himself jauntily and with evident enjoy
ment. He walked down each rank, salut
ing with his left hand, as his right hand
is still in a sling as a result of his fall
from his horse in South Africa, speaking
to the sergeants and occasionally picking
out a private for a few words, recalling
previous service together.
After the Inspection Lord -Roberts had
a few -minutes' conversation with his old
comrades before he went out into the sta
tion inclosure to meet London's multi
tudes.
The Prince of Wales, with Lady Rob
erts, left the railroad station in a royal
carriage drawn by six horses and escorted
by Life Guards, preceding Lord Roberts
to Buckingham Palace. The returning
field marshal was then presented with an
address from the municipality of Pad
dlngton. After Lord Roberts had replied
the procession was formed, the headquar
ters staff In six carriages following Im
mediately behind the field marshal, who
occupied a state carriage, escorted by In
dian cavalry.
The Secretary of State for War, Wil
liam St. John Broderick, and the Secre
tary of State for Foreign Affairs, the
Marquis of Lansdowne, were seated In an
other carriage. A detachment of cavalry
brought up the rear.
The party proceeded to Buckingham
Palace by way of Hyde Park and Picca
dilly. Deafening cheers greeted the field
marshal and new commander In chief of
the forces along the route. Clubland was
ablaze with color and the greatest enthu
siasm prevailed. The ladles admitted to
the clubhouses thronged the windows and
balconies. The hotels and other buildings
were all lavishly bedecked and wero
crowded from top to bottom with cheering
spectators.
The roar of welcome rolled on Increas
ingly until the veteran commander en
tered the gates of the palace. A few dis
tinguished people were waiting wearily
within the somber quadrangle, in which
the gaslamps vainly tried to disperse the
foggy gloom. The Foot Guards on duty,
wearing their overcoats, were drawn up
within, while without some 50,000 persons
were packed together In an effort to get
a view of the hero of , the hour.
The royal party arrived a half-hour be^
fore Lord Roberts,, who was- driven Into
the quadrangle amid a salvo of cheering
from the crowds and a dignified waving
of handkerchiefs on the part of the bare
headed nobility.
Within, the Prince of Wales again warm-
CONDON. Jan. 3.— Crowds flocked
to points of vantage along the
route to De followed by Lord
Roberts from Paddlngton Station
to Buckingham Palace during
the eirly hours of the morning, but the
numbers In no way compared with those
that Gathered at the demonstration In
honor of the return of the City Volunteers
from South Africa. Fears of the riotous
behavior and disasters on that occasion
deterred many persona from Joining In
the public welcome. Warned "by the oc
currences at the time of the volunteers 1
return, the authorities to-day furnished
barriers to prevent crushing, and 13,000
regular troops In addition to thousands of
police lined the route,- blocked the side
streets and were concentrated In the wide
spaces to puard against dangerous rushes.
Lord Roberts reached Paddington Sta
tion only twenty minutes behind ' the
schedule time. As he descended from his
saloon carriage to the platform of the
elaborately decorated railroad station he
was greeted by the Prince of Wales, the
Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess
of York, the Duke of Connaught and the
Duke of Cambridge. The members of the
royal, family shook hands heartily with
the fl«-ld marshal, while the bands played
the national airs. The Princess of Wales
engaged Lord Roberts in a conversation
of some length.
The scene was altogether brilliant
Everywhere were masses of bunting,
troops, ladles in bright costumes, Cabinet
Ministers and staff officers.
The people on the stand opposite the
carpeted platform- could see little but
cocked hats and ladies' bonnets. The
"First Captain of the Empire," 5 feet 2
Inches high, was invisible but from in
front of the circle. ' *'
Kitchener Needs More Mounted Men to Repel- the
Boer Invaders. . •¦•
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 35.
Indignant at the Tone of Parliamentary Discussion on the
Subject of His Future Position — Duke Henry Will
Practically Be Dependent oh the Queen's Generosity
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.HOMAGE TO BOSS KEJ^tiY, IiiEADER OF PENDLETON'S FORCES
Suits for Damages and Salvajre.
Conrad- Slem -filed :a libel yesterday in
the 'United States- District Court,
for salvage, for havinar saved the, p tea mar
Argro from destruction in the Yukon Rlvtr
several : months ago.-; He values ;the Arir,)
at $25,000. ', . -• ¦•;.- ¦
'John' Brock; filed a suit in the sa'm.'
court; for $20,000 damage* from the Alaska
Packers' •Association.-,, He alleges-. thai
while oa the steamship Santa . Cl«ra • nea r
Karluk a barrel rolle.l' upon his right' le"
breaklngitandahe ankle, and 'that ha
vv - a3.,not. furnished with' proper sunrk-ai
attention." - He • alleges r further that the
freight was "and : Improoer/v
packed, and Hhanthe barrel ryllfid'.upoh
him- because, of that tact. .-• .
WILL < CALL A. PRIM ARY
- .:**:. » ' TO -ELECT DELEGATES
OAKLAND, Jan. : 3.— The Democratic
City Central Committee, "W. B. White
chalrmiiiS,^ decided Jo-nlitht to call a.pri
mary : f or : the 1 election " of delegates to a
municipal - nominating' ?*onvehtl4rfc • The
apportlonmentV.wni^be ,ten delegates from
each ward 1 and '"five "at- large.- z - Chairman
White" named the following .'co'mmittee 'to
select, names of delegates to" be presented
at the primary: . •
*"J. C. Bullock, 'First Ward; P. E. Dalton,.
Sixth Ward : C. H. Bronnalian, Fifth '¦ Ward.
This '¦*.. sub-comnrlttee : .will , report next
Saturday nlsrht at the meeting of the Citv
Committee, to be held at H.-.A; Luttrell'a
office,- 906 Broadway'.-.- •¦--.• > . ; - ¦
High School Alumni.
A Fpecial business meeting and social
gathering of the MIesIob High School
Alumni Association was held last. Friday
evening at the Xative Sons*. Hall The
xneetlnp vca« called to order by Duncan
McLcod, the president. Hans Graff wis
fleeted secretary for the remainder of
the term, and a board of directors con-
KtFting of five members was appointed
Vr: Nelson, B. A. Cameron. John Fern. W. H.
Qulnn, C. G. Cushlng. G. XV. Grayson. L. 11.
Wakefield, R. H. Chamberlin. L. \V. -Forstlng.
.Tttey were Instructed to prepare a call
for prlmariea as soon as possible for .the
selection of delegates to a nominating
convention.
politics In the organization of the Leg
islature.
Following is a copy of Mr. Ralston's let
ter: ¦ , .
January 3,' 1901.
:'. R. A. Crothere, Eaq., Proprietor the -
Bulletin, City — Dear Sir: Will you -
kindly call your editor's attention to a -
. statement -which is attributed to me in ¦ -
your four o'clock edition of this even--*
ing, which Is wrong? ¦ >
The statement m question is aa fol- ••
lows: "Ralston said to his friends, 'I ¦ -
am friendly to Anderson, but If his fight -
Is being made by Sam L«ake. I will not -
vote for him for Speaker.' " Where this' •
idea originated that I made such a state- ¦
ment I do not know, for Mr. Ceake and ¦
myself have al ways been and arc to- -
day food friends, so 1 wish you would: ¦
have that statement corrected. In so far ¦
as attributing it to me, for I never •
made any Eu?h remark.
Thanking you In advance for the cor- -
rection,- believe me, yours very truly,
. .<':. .W. C. IIALSTON. •
It seems that Pendleton will be unfor
tunate with at:.least two of hla avowed
supporters. One is in the hospltaland will
not be able to attend the organization of
the Assembly, and another Is not eligible
to a seat In tho Legislature/ because he
has not resided in California the length
of time, required by , the constitution of
the State. . . - ; .
CONTEST FOR CHIEF CTLERK.
The contest for the chief .clerkship of
the Assembly; Is" growing warmer,' arid all
of the candidates exceot Harry - Wanzor
of Santa Cruz are in San "Francisco, mlng-'
ling with the Assemblymen as they arrive
fronv various parts of the'State, on their
way to Sacramento. - . v -- ¦¦ s -
James M. ; Oliver came over from Oak
land yesterday with most of the Alameda
CONTRACT StTRGEONS ' ARE
NEEDED ; "FOB \ THE ARMY
Board Has Been Appointed to Exam -
- ine Applicants for Vacancies
r- '-Existing.
The return -from the .Philippines of 'so
many . acting 1 * assistant- surgeons,' whose
health either' refiuiresiai long: rest, or an
nulment of contract. |li4s, left. quite, a few
vacancies. ; 'An order .was Issued at army
headquarters ypsjerday; providing : for the
Issuance of " a' 'number 'of 'new "contracts
and "a*., board of' medical -"officers : was ap
poinfed.-'to examine' the doctors recom
mended by, ;the tproper-, authority. '^ -The
board of examiners is n^ade up of the fol
lowing: named: -"..•¦¦
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Pope,
deputy surgeon^ general,'^ . United '¦ States
army; 'Acting Assistant' Surgeon ; Francis
J. .Pursell, United States army; Acting
Assistant ; Surgeon A:- J.' Pedlar, United
States army. 1 ¦ •.: .»
Acting Hospital : Stewards tW. S. Tab
berah^arld' Robert Gr. rNorthr; with' thirteen
lses must Tie made to bring Pendleton
near the winning mark In the Republican
caucus at Sacramento. Forty Republican
members representing: districts outside of
San Francisco and Los Angeles must be
heard from before the Speakership is sQt
tled. They will look over Boss Kelly's
"nucleus" and carefully inspect its com
position before joining: the combine. / ¦
Alden Anderson arrived in the city from
Sulsun yesterday and registered at the
Grand Hotel. AVhen asked concernmg his
strength and prospects In the contest for
the Speakership he said that he was con
fident of his election, as he had a suffi
cient number, of votes pledged to secure
his indorsement. Concerning the action
of the San Francisco delegation, he re
marked: •¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ .
"The indorsement of Mr. Pendleton's
candidacy by the city delegation does not
affect my calculations. I, never counted
on the support of any one of this delega
tion.. .- While assurances "were given to me
that several of the' icity Assemblymen
were well disposed toward me. I did not
place the name of any one on the list
of those pledged 1 to vote for me, there
fore I am not disappointed or disturbed
by the action of the conference, r* feel
confident, in view of the pledges given
to me, that I will be chosen Speaker of
the Assembly." •
A copy of a letter from Assemblyman
\V. C. Ralston to the proprietor of the
Bulletin is published • In The Call at his
request and In justice, to , the, Assembly
man. The fact may be again stated that
The Call has no candidate for Speaker.
At the outset a desire was expressed that
a representative of clean and decent poli
tics should be called to preside over the
•Assembly." The sam6 desire is again'ex
pressed. This journal^holds that the good
of the people and the honor of California
will be promoted by a recognition of clean
In proportion to its population. Holland
consumes more tobacco than ¦ any other
country in Europe.
ANDERSON'S friends are commencing to arrive InSan Francisco from all parts of the State, and as they come his
strength grows. His friends still say his election is assured, and they have figures to prove their contention.
They say they have absolutely thirty Assemblymen; they are willing to concede to Pendleton twenty-two. In ad
dition to these that are certain one way or. the other there are seven more Republicans, none of whom have yet
expressed a choice. Their friends say Anderson will have a majority of the seven anyway, and perhaps all.
.i,ven allowing that Anderson should get none of the' seven who so far have remained neutral, he would still have a
Dare majority In caucus, and; with the men they are sure they will get from the non-committal ones Anderson's friends
are certain he will land in the Speaker's chair when the House has been organized. :
..Ni;.'"i? e Re P u bUcans oTt the House are divided as follows:
Wi I! jlfO^ANDERSON-SO. ¦..
¦Alden Anderson. ,,/-S£#^ \\':'' Jr Poster. \ K K''K '¦'''¦:' Milice. -
G. H. Anderson. Gans. I. Radcliff.
Atherton. . /; ' Hanen. \ Rutherford.
l^ 68 " H ' msh7 ' Stewart of Amador."'
£ llss - . John. Stewart of San Diego.
H. W. Brown. Knowland. Webber.
Chandler. Mattos. Walker.
FOR, FBlSTDLiETOlSr-SS.
Broughton. * Hourigan. TreadwelL •'...'
Sutler. Kelly. . Johnson
F^Snklin. Sva^! 011 * . ' £/ C^Brown.
2STO GHOIOE EXPRESSED-7.
Bennink. Cromwell. Boberts.
Greer. Schillig.
Ralston.
ANDERSON'S FRIENDS DECLARE
THAT VICTORY IS SURELY HIS
County delegation to help him. He- has
the unanimous, support of that delegation.
Clio Lloyd of Santa Barbara Is strong
with the Assemblymen from the South,
and "Andy". Branch has backers among
the San Francisco delegation.
R. I. Wickham of Los Angeles, who Is
a candidate for minute clerk of the As
sembly, arrived in San Francisco yester
day. •
Among the Assemblymen who arrived
yesterday were Dr. Tj. W. Haeson of Or
ange County, M. P. Roberts and B. H.
McNeil of Humboldt, A. 8. Miltce of
Riverside, H. C. Career and W. H. Sav
age of Los Angeles, William Hanen of
Mendoclno and R. M. Clarke of Ventura,
Alden Anderson' came in yesterday and
Is at the Grand • Hot si, where Pendleton
has his headquarters.
Among the earlier arrivals still in San
Francisco are H. A. Broughton of Los
Angeles County, C. W. Merritt of Santa
Barbara and W. M. John of San Luis
Oblspo. ¦¦ •• ¦ -~ -. •: ¦.: •¦.; -.•¦-.
Senators are likewise moving on-Sacra
mento via San Francisco. W. M. Cutter
of • Marysville. Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan, J. D. Byrnes: of San Mateo. and C.
M. Simpson . of Pasadena are among the
arrivals here.
PRIMABY ELECTION BELLS.
"The conference committee, composed of
representatives of the various Rp publican
and Democratic clubs of San Francisco,
and of the two county committees, met
last night at the rooms of the Union
League Club to consider the primary elec
tion law drafted by its sub-committee.
No agreement was reached, : and an ad
journment till, to-morrow night was
taken. • ¦ . .
.Among those who took part In the dla-
Hospital Corps men from the' Grant, have
been ordered to Fort", McDowell" to await
return • transportation to Manila.* Con
tract-Nurses .Helena E., Jones, Anna M.
McGee. Catherine B.- Graham and Sarah
M. Cox, who also returned: on, the Grant,
have been found .fit for further- duty In
the islands and will await return trans
portation at : the general hospital. ''•'
ACCEPTS AMENDMENT IN /-.;*; -:
FAVOB OP SHA.FTES
Senate Committee on Military Affairs
Willing That He Should ¦Be-,"'- 1 /
tire as Major General. .
WASHIXOTOX, Jan. 3.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day
agreed to accept the amendment sus£e.»t
ed by Senator Daniel to the army reor
ganization bill for the retirement of Gen
eral Fltzhugh Lee and General James H.
Wilson as brigadier generals, and also
agreed to an amendment for th» retire
ment of General Shafter as a. major gen
eral.
cusslon were A. Ruef, R. P. Troy, T. Carl
Spelling, A. B. Truman, Thomas B. Cur
ran, Samuel Braunhart and Charles
Glldea.
Opposition was developed to the fea
ture of the measure drafted by A. Ruef
by which the party test is applied by the
filing at the general election of a declara
tion of Intention as to party affiliation.
Some of those present objected to the ap
plication of a test so long before the pri
maries. Ruef explained that the purpose
was to draw party lines before campaign
situations should develop which would
cause members of one party to desire to
vote in the other's primary.
T. Carl Spellipg wanted the committee
simply to refer, all the bills which had
been submitted to it to the Elections
Committee of the Legislature, but It was
finally decided to make another attempt
to agree upon one measure, to be reported
to the Legislature with the conference
committee's Indorsement.
pp^ip^HB indorsement of C. W. Pendle
[ ton for . Speaker by Boss Martin
1 1 Kelly's bunch of San Francisco
1L Assemblymen causes rejoicing in
• > - Democratic circles, but creates a
profound sense ot- apprehension among
Republicans who stand for good govern
ment and clean ¦'politics. Yesterday
friends of Pendleton sought to ex
plain away the ugly- fact that Boss
.Kelly in person attended to the pro
'gramme of Indorsement and became the
central figure of congratulations in the
Grand Hotel bar after the Indorsement.
It may enlighten the representatives
frcm the interior counties to know that
Kelly firmly asserted his rights as a boss
and compelled the Indorsed candidate and
the Assemblymen who/ gave the Indorse
ment to openly acknowledge the power
of the boss machine. •~Kellj£ never" .'moved
a step forward to extend the'-hand of boss
fellowship. He compelled all .-of. the ap-;
plauding bunch and the Los Angeles can- '
didate for Speaker to march to the front
and center and properly salute th© organ
izer and leader of the Pendleton forces.
Assemblymen Fisk. Tread well. Knight
and Macbeth did pose as purists in poli
tics. Perhaps they formerly belonged to
the guild of Phelan-worshiping Republi
cans. Those San Francisco Assemblymen
did not appear to be shocked at the spec
tacle of Martin Kelly receiving the hom
age of Candidate Pendleton. They know
ingly took Boss Martin ICelly's pro
gramme from. "Colonel" Martin Brady
and openly accepted the thanks of the
boss for their obedience to his orders.
Later on they saw their candidate pay his
respects to the boss who knifed and de
feated M. M. Estee, the Republican nomi
nee for Governor, and betrayed Horace
Davis, the Republican nominee for Mayor.
"When the Republican Assemblymen rep
resenting the agricultural and raining dis
tricts of the State are in the Republican
caucus at Sacramento the San Franciscp
"nucleus" which Boss Kelly created, they
should call i to mind some of the facts of
the campaign. | It is to be hoped that the
San Francisco delegates wDl be seen in a
bunch. Singly and detached they do not
amount' to much, but bunched they pre
sent as fine a bouquet of statesmen as
the metropolis ever sent to Sacramento.
Boss Kelly -did not pluck these flowers
without assistance. John C; Lynch and
Jere Burke help'ed him in the garden. In
quisitive Assemblymen from the Interior
should- apply to Senator Nelson .of San
Francisco and Senator Belshaw of Contra
Costa and Marin legarding ,the services
vihich Burke and Lynch rendered the Re
publican party in the recent campaign.
Let them ask these Senators if Lynch and
Burke did not diligently work for the elec
tion of a Democrat to represent Senator
Nelson's district and a Democrat to rep
resent Senator Belshaw's district.
It would be well to inquire why Sena
tor Cutter, secretary of the Republican
State Committee, is so anxious that the
Assembly should not choose for its
Speaker the president of the California
League of Republican Clubs. It is not j
considered good form for a Senator to
make himself conspicuous in the organi
zation of the Assembly and it is certainly
out of place for the secretary of the Re
publican 8tate organization to mix in a
contest between Republicans for . the
Speakership. Senator^jCutter admits that
he Is working for Pendleton and that he
has requested that the chairmanship . of
the Committee on Itoads and Highways
be given • to Assemblyman Merrftt. If
Senator Cutter were half as -wise as he
would have the Legislature believe he
.would consult Martin Kelly and not
. "Corney" Pendleton In rega.rd to-chair
manships of Assembly committees. Bops
Kelly has'every reason to know- that the
best committees of the Assembly have
been promised to the San Francisco As
pemblymen who met at the Palace Hotel
and Indorsed Pendleton.
There is hardly a doubt that the "com
bine" of the Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco City delegations to organize the As
sembly was created through shameful
promise* of 'patronage. Many more prom-
lyrmnciPAL; lra-otje wjul
l^OMXWATE FUI/L TICKET
Campaign Committee Is Appointed
and Convention ".Will* Soon
* / Be Held.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— The Municipal
League decided to-night to put a complete
municipal ticket in the field 7 at the com
ing city election. The league's annual
mefiting was held at its headquarters in
the First National Bank building. The
election of- oflWrs resulted "as 'follows:
President, Cary Howard;" vice president,
H. A. Powell; secretary. r'L.CJ. 1 ' Burpee^
treasurer. ¦ D. Ed wA-rd. Collins; marshal, J»
S. Naiamlth. .. -, _ .
-It-was the unanimous" opinion. of those
present that the I'nfiim shonlri nominate
Its own candidates as soon as possible and
pnter actively into the ' contest. To that
end, the following named were appointed
a central committee of campaign , man
agers: . ..... ; •••;¦;
n. N. Dalton, B. F. Moulton. J.. F. Towl'e,
A; H. PratU J^J. Warner, J. E,. rarnum,:J. ;
British Advices From Cape Town
BETTEH FEELING IN LONDON.
More Hopeful.
LOXDOK, Jan. 4.— Advices from Cape
Town Etate that the censorship has just
permitted news of the following peace
tentatlves to emanate from Pretoria:
About the middle cf December a num
ber of prominent burghers who had sub
niitted ar.d were living in the Pretoria
district formed a peace committee. Mr.
Van Resenburg. a former member of the
First Volksraad of the Transvaal, was
fleeted president of the committee, whicn
included other prominent members of the
Vo'.ksraad.
The committee resolved to aftempt ne
gotiations, and accordingly, in response to
& suggestion. Lord Kitchener attended a
Bteeuax cf the committee on December 21
»-.nd codreFsed the meeting. He said he
v.as glad to meet a committee desirons of
1'rinping the war to a speedy conclusion,
end he assured them that they could rely
v:pon his assistance in every way. calcu
lated to further that object.'" He pro
ceeded to point out the folly of a continu
ance of guerrilla warfare, 6lnce. the Brit
ish Government would never permit the
re-establishment of the Boer government.
Mr. Chamberlain's statement In Parlia
ment. lx-r<3 Kitchener contended, clearly
showed i hat there was no wish to oppress
the burghers. On the contrary, the Brit
ish Premier** proposals foreshadowed an
*n',isnter.ed povernment. in which the
turghers would have a prominent share,
5nsur:::g the richts of property and the
f.ncier.t laws and customs of the burghers.
Lord Kitchener urged that it was use
less to continue the present inhuman
struggle, pointing out that the powers
lad refused Mr. Kruger's requests for
intervention The burghers, he said had
fought a eood fight, but they had been
overpowered, and there was no dishonor
in the leaders recognizing the fact. He
reminded the committee that there were
hosts of. Boer prisoners waiting to be re
stored to their families.
Fail to Procure an Ante-
Mortem Statement.
"ELMER LOED DIES
OF HIS INJURIES
*.nd Ccmes Suddenly and Authorities
SEATTLE. Jan. 3.— Elmer Lord, the
young: mail carrier who was shot by Sam
Thomr^son at Stones Landing December
£. ded- Monday at the County Hospital,
or.d Thompson will have to answer to the
charge of murder in the first degree.
Thompson is In jail here, where he was
incarcerated pending the result of the bul-
J«»t wound in Lord's, spine, which it was
feared from the first would cause death
Lord's demise came unexpectedly Mon
day fvcninjr and was not reported to the
cdnoiais in this city.
.There Is considerable criticism directed
et the . County Hospital oIBcials. The
city, officials desired an ante-mortem
statement, but this plan failed by the un
rxpected death. There was a written
etatement made, which Dr. O'Rourke the
county physician, witnessed, but it is
thought it will not be admitted as evi
dence. In this statement Lord tells the
came story he did when first shot, to the
effect that Thompson called him into the
latter'e hou^e and there shot. him with a
44-callber revolver during an altercation
ever. a rifle which Thompson claimfed
Jxjrd had stolen. As a , result of the
wound Lord was paralyzed ' from the
shoulders down. The bullet embedded it
eelf in the Epine.
Mrs. Spragne's Will Found.
PETAL-UMA. Jan. 3— Claimants hav*
been found for the $4000 left by' the late
Jape Sprapue of Pctalorruu. 'The lady,
•who died recently, had no surviving rela
tives and no will could be found. Later.
t. search was mrnic and an Jolographic will
was discovered. It bequeaths tlie major
portion of the estate to her 'friend Mr?
K. Rowlpon of this city. To the Metho
dist Episcopal : church, the humane society
end to Miss Maud Wiseman -of this citv
each $300. -.
Installation of Eebekahs.
EANTA CRUZ, Jan. 3.— A large party
cf Kebekahs went to So«jnel last nJgbt
where they were the guests O f the Re
r^kiah lodge at that place. The following
officer? were installed by District Deputv
Mr?. Cornelia Heed, assisted by grand
officers from Santa Cruz: Xoble grand
Miss "U"innle Cunningham; ¦ vice" "grand*
Mr*. Henrietta Barber; .treasurer, Miss
Xiysall; recording secretary, Mrs. Hysall.
Assembly-men From the interior Not Likely -, to Be Edified by the Spectacle of, Bossism
Displayed in the Indorsement 'by the San Francisco Delegation— -Alderi Anderson
Is Very Confident of His Election---Assemblyman Ralston Writes a Letter
FRIENDS OF PENDLETON SEEK IN VAIN TO
EXPLAIN AWAY BOSS KELLY'S MANIPULATION
PINGREE MAKES
GENERAL ATTACK
Assails the Legislature and
' Conrts. as/Well as ihe. .
Press. .. ¦¦-.'¦
. LANSING, Mich., Jan. 2.— Both Houses
of the' Michigan Legislature assembled in
joint session to-day to hear the mesaaga
of former Governor. Plngrree and the inau
gural message of Governor Bliss.-
Mr. Plcgree prefaced his message with
some extemporaneous remarks, in which
he attacked the courts. Legislature and
press.' He also- urged the Legislature t»
appropriate sufficient money to amply pay
the expenses of the Governor, gayingr It
had cost him $450,000 during his four years'
term. The reading of the message, which
consisted of ninety-five printed pages,
took almost. four hours.
After mentioning th« failure of, the Sen-
Ate to pass the railroad taxation bill, the
fqrmer Governor said:
If the people wish this great problem to be
ratisfactorily tettled they must center their
efforts on the election of a Senate which shall
b<* lew subject to the seductive arguments of
the railroads and other wealthy and powerful
interests and more responsive to the wishes of
the people. „> .
The message urged the Legislature to
adopt a resolution requesting* Congrees to
call a convention for the purpose- of pro
posing an amendment to the constitution
to provide for the election of United
Stales Senators by popular vote. The
message says: .. :•¦
The cases of Hanr.a in Ohio, Clark In Mon
tana and our own discouraging and disgraceful
experience* furnish the moat powerful and con
vincing argument in behalf of popular elec
tions. It la a matter of common knowledge
that the office is sought by wealthy men, not
to much for the alleged honor as for the op
portunity which it offers for financial protlt
and commercial advantage)*, not only through
stock speculation, but in other and less legiti
mate ways. Intead of being the bulwark of our
Government, as the framers of the consti
tion Intended it, the Senate is now locked upon
with fear and distrust by the people of the
country.
Municipal ownership of public utilities
was advocated.
Discussing the . pardons and paroles
which, have been granted to prisoners dur
ing his term pf office, the former Governor
said: .
The people of the State would b« astonished
if they could know how loose and careless, and
almost criminal, have been the methods • cf
courts and prosecutors in criminal cases. It
has become a trite saying In our State, among
thoee familiar with the circumstances, that
our public prosecutor^ should be named "public
persecutors." They seem to have lost sight
cf the fact that they take an oath of ofSc* to
protect the Innocent from punishment as much
as to bring the criminal to Justice, and to pro
tect the people of the State. .
Also Makes Strong Remarks Concern-.
. ing the Method Employed for • ¦ -
the Election of United .V
States Senators.
FIERCE FIRE IN
COLD WEATHER
' • NEW YORK, Jan. . 3.-Mrs. Mary De
vine, &gti #). was burned to death, and
Mrs. Minnie Arr.!ck.>. aged 27. xvas
driven- from bed while 111 and three
other persons were injured at a fire
¦which destroyed a row of three-story
frame tenement houses on Bushwlck
street." Jersey City, early to-day. The
¦ damage by fire was $50,000, partially cov
ered by insurance. Mrs. Arnicklo was in
the hands of a doctor when the flames
the house. She was placed in an
Ambulance and hurried to the home of
her mother, where she gave birth to a
child.
.Twcnty-eig-ht families were driven from
¦ bed into the bitter cold night and ren
dered homeless.
Catfish for Salmon.
"• It >s stated in West Side canned goods
circles that the matter of discovering the
author of the rumor or report recently
. published to the effect that coast packers
of .salmon were canning Louisiana cattish
¦ 'and branding it as eaJmon has been
. turned over for the consideration of the
United States Fish Commission. The
rumor or report, it appears, was taken
seriously in certain cast side quarters,
particularly among- the Hebrews, who. be
cause of their religion, which prohibits
the «atir.gr of catfish, declined to buy sal
mon in many instances. This action re
sulted in some less of trade to canned fish
• coalers here.
Still Demands Suffrage.
The latest development In the woman
puffragre fight, begun over a Quarter of a
century ago, when Susan B. Anthony and
• lier sister, Marv S. Anthony, were ar
. rested and lined, is the stand taken by
. Mary S. Anthony in the matter of taxa
tion of her property. She sends notice to
County Treasurer Hamilton of Rochester
that she will not in the future pay taxes
except under protest until she is allowed
the ripht of suffrage. The action will
likely- result in a test case being brought
In the court.
Californians in New York.
The following California^ are In New
York: From San Francisco — J. W. Adams.
b\ Xavarrz; P. E. Hall, at Netherland; C.
A. Hitchcock, at Cosmopolitan; J. D.
Hur.ton. at Everett: V. McGee. at Cos
mopolitan: F. B. Sadler. A. J. Weiler. at
Grand Union; H. A. Rich, at Hoffman.
From Ivjs Angeles— H. G. R. Phipps, at
Bt. Denis,
Twenty-Eight Families Driven From
Their Beds and Rendered
Homeless by the
Flames.
One Person Meets Death and
Others Are Injured Dur
ing the Blaze.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901.
2
AT>V KH.TTSTTMT'.TSn'a,
DAINTY..' BRACE
PARLOR ROCKER, ARM ROCKER,
Solid mahocany: • Cane seat. ; A-
upholstered with good rocker
velour; trimmed for little money,
with brass tacks. ' -
15 Per Cent Reduction in
Every Department.
Estimates on '. complete • House-furnishing
Cheerfully given.
Free delivery within M0 miles oa |25
worth and over.
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.,
OPEN EVENINGS,
338-342 POST -STREET, fei,,.
- /mft-y VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for ME*
MORMON BISHOP"S PILLS
¦ »ti~», EM h» v e b*en in use over fifty
lmK£^f^i&\ T^a.ra by the leaders of ths
¦BvlS^J*^ Mormon Church and their fol-
p§«£?*SM5»yi ' lowers - Positively cures the
BKiRtt'N Sh* ' w '<""st ca5«>a In old and young
raLMsvCMtfl arlslns: from effects of seir-
V^~M7/3ff Kbu«». dlsntuation. excesses or
N^'ariv''** clsarette-smoklnir. Cures Lo»t
>ffi5S^§r Manhood. Impct»ncy, I/>*t
x»Swlr Power. Nlcht Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mm, Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne f^ 1 B rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Eftects TZ.^!Z^ a re immediate.
Impart vigor and cefl ' s .potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped or cans.
Btimulates the brain and nerve centers: 60c a
box; 8 for $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
*t.. Ban Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
18 and 40 Third st.
JV19J- OR. JORDAN'S GRCATf)
$H(ISEUM OF aHATOHYf
§ @ Wa, JMSXITST. tat. 6i*;ii, C.FXil. i
\. .Of The Largest AaatotniaU Muj«m tfi the \
0 *«!sS>«k w ' 0 »* d - 'Wefckaeti** cr *~iy contracted ,4
¦K . Ste «« di»eas« pcdtl » ly c«u«£ by the oUnl T
© I £?£Sl *P«a«i«e»thcCo«tt E«t36yoar»
§ fl|£*g B8.JORDW!-P8IV ATE DISEASES^
A 3®5?P)3 toitaltatiixi frro and strt^tly prirjr* \
if 6 VWLKi Treumeni pet»onally nr by Ittter. Aft
\1 7 HH n*.tm» CWsta every ca<eaadsrukei<. \
AfU 16 Wri-.efor Boot. rUILOSUfHi'.l A
W H \\- 3"»»»«IA«1K. MAlt-BO tZZB. !Af
1) (j (Ji wluaSie boob fac ou>d) » X
r BS* -»«»KBAK«kCO..l0iV3[art:ptyt..^F. ?
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
i • S AO REAT RESTOIIATI VE, IN VIGOKA-
¦ tor ar.d Nervine. ¦. t
¦ The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tho Sexual Organ*, for botH sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and TilaUder. • Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
RRITQWPTQ Fon «arbers!bak.
£>Xl U OXlJEtW? ¦"¦". bootblacks, bath-
hoxisp?, hllllard tables
brewprs. ,bookblndem. randy-makers, banners,
dyers, flourmlils, . foundries, laundrirs. - paper-
hangers. . printers., painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc
liUC.;A A .", BRUv.. -
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramsnto St
':\ ADVE3&TISEMEJTT3.
SWORN STATEMENT .
Or th» Condltton and Valu» ca December M-
1300. of the
ASSETS and HABILITIBS
OK THE
SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION,
A CORPORATION.
Doing: Business at
532 CALIFORNIA STREET,
KE. Corner of 'Webb Street. -"•
CITT A},-D COUNTT OF 8 AM FRAKCISC(X
STATE OP CALITORNIA. - . '/.¦:
assets. :a
I— PROJTISSORT NOTES. «ecur»d .-••
by first Hen on jreal est&t*
within this Stat*; the actual ". ¦...-'
.value of which notes Is j 11S.U3.857 94-
8-BONDS of the United States Qov- .
• eminent and bonds and stocks " ¦'•
of municipal, quasi-public and '
Industrial corporations, stand-
ing on our books at..." u 006L4t7 17
Part- of these are kept in th» • : .
vaults of thla corporation and . r •
part in a box rented from th»
National Safe Deposit Co ¦ in • : .
the city of New York.
l-BAXK PREMISES 400 000 00
Situated at the northeast corner • • • - \"
of California and Webb streets. •
In the city of San'Franclsco
4— OTHER. REAL. ESTATE LOO 009 M
Situated in the State of Calif or- ¦ "
nia: part of it is productive. '.
and Its actual .value is in excess
of the amount stated.
«— LOANS on BOND9 and 3TOCK3. 1U7.2C4 Si '.
All said bonds and stock 'certifi-
cates ar« kept In th« raulu of - . .- -
- this corporation.
&-SAFE9 aad FURNITURE la «• ' '
office of the Bank of the value ' .
of ../. „-. -11000 00
7-SUNDKT ACCOXJ^rrS IX PEO-' ¦ •- .
CESS of SETTLEMENT: These " • ¦
accounts embrace amounts the- ". • •
final application of which -has : -¦ ..
not been determine*. E3.331 O
8— CASSH In U. S. Gold and Silver.
Cotn ...;.... 1.065.3J3S3.
. Of which there Is: - - -
In Vault $m.«9 13 - '
In Bank * C7,iCS 79' "-
Total -Assets ; S39.S7S.SS* S3 . •-
LIABILITIES. \:X' : '
1— TO DEPOSITORS this corpop*-'
tlon owes deposits amountlnjr' ••
to. and the actual value- or '.'
which is ••••$n.l81.'BI It
Th*' condition of said deposits is .• ':
that they are parable. only out • - ' -' •'
of said assets and are fully 'se- • •'-.•'
cured thereby. ¦ -. ..•--•¦
2— TO STOCKHOLDERS: ¦
Capital Stock U.00O.MO 00 *M:"^P8
. Reserve Fund 223.45OJ3 ¦ ¦ ' ".
' The actual value of which la LfiX43O-tt *
The condition of said liability to '- -¦.••:
Stockholders Is that no part of -" '. '
the amount can be raid to , . " - ¦ " •
them, or In any way 'withdrawn BBpl^Bi
except in payment of .losses. " • . ' '
during the existence of the cor- . '• '- .
poraUon. nor until aU depositors
shall hav* bc»n paid In full th* Ha^aSSfe^H
amount of their depo»U» .aad WkSMi
declared dividends. •; •.'¦'*.
a-CONTINOENT FUND, iEcludlnx '• •. •- ". ..
. the amount of accrued but ua-' "iLplBB*i*!j
collected interest on invest- - ¦ . •• ¦
""¦ ments ......... j.... ............ ,^« 4C4.HM 9T ¦"*
4— DIVIDENM yNDISBXJRSED.. M J.3J u ;
Total Liabilities ",'... •tM.naigsi'Bi
PAN FRANCISCO. January M.-liOl. •' " " ¦
(Signed) W*. C. B. t>E rRBMERT, ";.*•- "
. . Vice President.*
(Signed) LOVELL WHITEL Cashier.- 5
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. j ss. . •
City and County of San Francisco.}. :• ¦
W. C. B. DE FREMERT and LOVEXli'
\\HITE. belnr each separately, .and duly
sworn each for himself, says: That said W
C. B. DK FREMERY is Vice Presided, and
BAld LOVELL WHITE is Cashier pf tha Saft
fVanrisco- SavtnK* Union, the corporation above ' •
mentioned, and that the foregoing statement is ' •
(SUmed* W. C. B. I>E FREMERY *
< Signed) . .LOVElii WHITE, :
¦ Subscribed and sworn to before nr», thla 3d
day of .January, A. D. 190L . .
(Signed) •. .JAStES M. EULI8. .
Notary PuWle. In and for the City ami County^ '"
(Seal) of San Francisco. State of California..
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king 1 , will
be given free irfth next Sun-
day's Call." This is a gem— do
nstfail to get itPHIL ARCHIBALD. WHOSE CA
REER OF EXCITEMENT IS
ENDING IN MADNESS.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 3.— Weather flne'
track l;eavy. Results: >
One mile, selling— OrlcnwonV Lady Curron
second, Old Fox third. Time. 1:63.
Se\-en furlongs,' selling— Quite Right won.
Fleetwlng second. Varro third. Time, 1-37 •
¦ Stx f urlor.gs. '. selling— Brlghtle B;won. Sallle
J' second. Rey 8alazar third. Time. 1:23. .
Handicap, six and a half furlongs— Mlsg
Hanover wen, Moroni second, . Senator ¦ Beve
rklge third. Time, 1:2?H.
Sir • furlongs. Belling— Palarm <¦ won, -s Gray
forge second, Larequoloe third. Time, 1:28 *
One mile, • selling— W. B. Gates ' won, Dram
burs second, Jack Martin third. Time, 1:57)4
Results at New Orleans.
CARSON, Xev. Jan. 3.— Dan Stuart
authorized, the statement .to-day that he
Is arranging to pull off a light In this city
between the 25th of May and the 10th of
June for .the championship of the world
He will also give a purse for a fight be
tween Terry McGovern and a man he will
produce at the ringside on the day of bat
tle. McGovern has been considered In
vincible in his class, crawling up from
bantam-weight to lightweight and down
ing all opposition, but Stuart thinks lie
has found a man of his class .who can
take his measure, and If not give Mc-
Govern the greatest battle of his life
The signs point to the big battle as one
between Fitzsimmons and Jeffries, but
Stuart is very guarded in his statements
and as. a great mass of Bo-called Inter
views have gone out he desires to apeak
authoritatively and deliberately in the
matter. The news came by wire from
Chicago yesterday that Fitz and Jeff had
been matched to fight In Carson In May
When asked if this was "by the cards"
Stuart said the news was not a -surprise
to him. "There will be a flght in this citv
under my management next summer, and
It will be a world's championship battle "
testants.
Probability Be the Con-
Fitzsimmons and Jeffries Wiirin All
CHAMPIONSHIP BATTLE
ASSURED FOR CARSON
Jack Root, looking b:g, strong ana
hardy of list, arrived in this city last
evening from.Chicapo. He did not make
a straight trip from the Windy City, but
stopped over at Ogden.
Root is well considered as a pugilist in
this city. He says he will try to show
the San Francisco public that he was not
the faker In the Ryan fiasco In Chicago
He will soon go Into training In prepara
tion for his battle with George Byers, the
clever middle-weight, who , hails from
Boston. Byers is expected to-day. These
men will open the century in the local
prizering on January 18 under the auspices
of the new National Sporting Club.
Arrive3 Trom Chicago and
Will Soon Go Into Ac
tive Training.
JACK ROOT IS
FIRST ON SCENE
Races! Races! Races!
Overnight San Francisco prices, prob
able scratches, jockeys and other, infor
mation of value. Correspondence solic
ited. Jackson & Co., 310 Ellis street, San
Francisco. •
Second race— Rey del Bandldos. Ulm. Schan
ken.
Third race— Lennep. Gonfalon. Bill Garrett.
Fourth race^ — Sam Howard. Charlotte M. Mon
rovia.
Fifth race— PoniDlno. Gibraltar. Jerld.
Sixth race— Greenock. Prejudice. Imp. Broad
brim.
1587 Prestidigitator. 90|O516)Jerl(J 56
1497 Pomplno 103|(i;73)GibraHar 103
1339 Mocorito 9"!
Sixth race — S«?ven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: j>uree:
l'.S3 St. Rica lOlf 1572 Dunfree 94
1^4 Alleviate 10T 1572 Imp.IJroadbrim.112
1C1 Mary Alice S9j 1175 Casdale 109
1M3 Creenock 113 1.1S3 Game Warden. 91
1559 Cambacerea ... 341.1541 Darlenc R»
ISM LKinboy 103, 1515 Prejudice 107
Probable Winners.
I First race— Foul Play, Hindoo Princess, Or
pheu».
Phil Archibald. horseman. gambler,
bookmaker and fport. is a hopeless, rav
fr.g maniac. Bound in a straltjacket
and tied hands and foet to a cot in a pad
ded cell in the Receiving Hospital lie
tosses and screams in the wild delirium
of madness. He believes that he is on th«s
face course, in the stress and excitement
6f the sport which once made him and
now has "been his "undoing. ' Now. In his
raging words, he is en the bookmaker'**
block, shouting his o-Jils. taking wagers
cr.d -living again the wild life of the trad:.
Again he believes that he is the owner
of a n«?w string of horses, preparing to
start for his old Australian home to be
ff'n in a new field for new triumphs. Then
bis mind wanders to other scenes and
he pleads with his mcther for some con
eolation, and some ministration In his ill
ness. He presents a deeply pathetic sight.
a sad climax to a life in which nerves
were rirained until thev broke, where
mental and physical natures were taxed
by excitement and Jisdipation until they
collapsed. • .
Archibald is one of the best known
flguree on the Western turf. He came
We. from Australia and about thirteen
vcars agr> appeared on the race course.
lie met with success and found backers.
H-e became a bookmaker and penciled here
acd In Chicago. He at one time owned
horses of his own, but he never gained
much prominence as an owner. Shrewd
to take advantage of chances in sport he
took Ike Wclr. the Belfast Spider, to Aus
tralia, but the venture was a failure. He
brought Abe Lewis l>ack with him M
fight George Dlxon. but the latter won
and more money was lost.
About a year aeo Archibald showed
Figns of mental unsoundness and was sent
to a private sanitarium al Livermore. He
was released Fix months later and was
pronounced cured. He relapsed Into hir
old life again and under the tremendouV
excitement of the ra/*e track he became
a raving maniac. yesterday morning
while .In his room with his wife the de
lirium'came upon him. He smashed the
furniture and raged so that he was placed
under arrest. He will be examined this
morning and will probably be sent to an
asylum. His wife has been appointed i.Js
guardian. ' He has property valued at
mm. •
PHIL ARCHIBALD
A RAGING MANIAC
Hospital.
Raving in Wild Delirium in
a Cell in th9 Receiving
Mr*. Emily Francis died at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning from the effects of
burns received from an overturned coal
'¦u heaier at 724 Powell street on the
Loses Her Life.
Singular Accident in Which a Young
Married Woman Unexpectedly
MUS. FBANCIS HTHALES
FIRE AND EXPIRES
morning of January 1- Her husband. D.
G. Francis, an employe of the Chronicle,
made a statement to Deputy Coroner P.
H. Flynn yesterday as to the manner in
which the accident occurred.
He said that he returned home at 3:45
on the morning of New Year's day and
saw his wife asleep on a couch in the
dining-room. He did not disturb here, but
went to his bedroom ajid retired. Shortly
afterward Mrs. Francis entered the room
with a lighted coal oil lamp In her hand
and said that she was looking for a bot
tle of bromide which she had been ac
customed to take for nervousness. She
got a tumbler and .went back Into the din
ing-room and locked the door after her.
At 6:30 a, m. Mr. Francis was awakened
by the noise made by M. M. Ivancovich
and F. G. Austin, roomers in the house,
who were breaking In the dining-room
door. He ran to the spot and saw his
wife lying on the floor near the over
tvrned coal oil heater. Her face was
blackened with smoke, but her clothing
was not burned.
Dr. S. R. Mather was Immediately
called and administered Buch remedies as
are usually prescribed in those canes, but
Mrs. Francis had inhaled the flames and
could not recover.
Wilmerding Doors Are Opened.
The Wflmerdlng School of Industrial
Arts, situated at the corner of Utah and
Seventeenth streets?, will admit In Jan
uary a limited number of boys who are
qualified as follows: Any boywho has
graduated from the eighth grade of the
grammar school will be admitted to any
department of the school. Any boy not
a graduate of the eighth grade, who Is 16
years of age and physically strong, may
enter the departments of bricklaying:.
plumbing-, carpentry, blacksmlthing ¦ or
cabinet-making. In rare cases, at the
discretion of the faculty, a boy will be
admitted on trial at the age of 15 to the
last named departments.
Engineer Shoots Himself.
PEN'SACOLA. Fla.. Jan. 3.— William H.
H. DeHaas, a civil ensineer In the em
ploy of the United States Engineering 1 De
partment here, shot and killed himself to
day. Cause unknown.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK^THUHSpAY._ JANUARY «.— "Weather cloudy. Traclcfagt.
1SSS. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olda; pursa. »100.
j Po^ 7 ,. Betting — >
Index jHorse and tVelght. Pst St. %. %. str. Fin. 'Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1571 iDandy Jim 114 S 7 Ti 8~H Th TT N. Turner... 9-10 1 1 1^4
1561 |lntrerldo 109 4S6 6 5h21 Buchanan .. 15 80 30 8
1371 Flatterer 112 6 5 6H62 6 S1H E. Flynn 3 7-2 7-2 4-5
1442 |Screenw<?n Lake.107 12 22 11 11 42 Frawley .... 7 8 11-2 8-5
3505 (Hilly Lyons 109 24 4h 4h 4tf 51 Jenkins .... 7 15 15 4
1577 Cora Goetz 107 58 In 21 3n 6 J. Woody. ...| 12 60 50 12
Time— Vi. :J4; M, :48; «i. 1:14%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
Hughes & Elliott's ch. c. by Rowland-Frances Nichols. Dandy Jim best ridden. Intrepldo
pocketed all through stretch, but for which h« would have won. Flatterer weakly rid
den. Screenwell Lake dried up. She belongs to the bow-wow species. Cora Goetz Just
dropped in. but didn't mean no harm. V
1S5». SECOXD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $3C0.
I Po. , Betting — >
Indei ! Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. U* %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. a. Pi.
1546 Saintly. 6 107 45 Sh 12 12 12 J. Woods.... 6 30 25 1C
1553 Parmenlon. 4 ....103 11 4h Bh 41 25 O'Connor ... 3 3 3 1
1517 Maydine. 4 104 32 11 3h Sh Sh Basstnger .. 10 15 15 6
15.6 JAlaria. 6 105 23 2h 2>£ 2h 41 J. Miller.... 6 10 10 4
15T,2 iSnipa. 6 10S 10 11 94 93 61 51 Howson .... 6 15 15 6
1550 Good Hope, S 106 9 8 5 H 4 'j B'l 6 >i Enos 5-2 7-2 7-2 «-5
1«S5 Altura% 5 107 12 12 71 63 7475 Mounce .... 15 15 12 4
14.5 Whaleback. 5 ....107 11 9 81 7b 81 8H Buchanan .. 10 12 10 4
15.6 jmnRmaster. a. ...107 8 10 12 12 9 1 9 1 Brodlen .... 80 60 60 15
1535 jUmellght. 5 107 '5 4 Ch 8H10 2 10 2 Domlnlck .. 10 15 15 «
1477 Cue. 4 107 7 7 10 1 111 118 1110 Healy 80 60 60 20
1475 |lm. Mistral II. a.110 6 « 11 2 10 1 12 12 Jenkins 4 12 7 5-2
Time— 4. :13; %. :36; %. 1:00?; ; %. 1:27. Gocd start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, G. W. Cushlng's br. k. by imp. Mldlothlan-Angellque. Saintly on the chin strap
all the way. Maydine a hot Up. Snips would have had a chance with a rider up. Al
turas quit. Good Hope In poor luck.
IZWK THIRD RACE-Slx furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. J3M.
I |Po.l i , Betting
Index Hors-e and We!Kht.|Pst!St. %. %. Str. Fin. /Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1 ; 1 1- ( — —
(15T3) 'Articulate 122 24 11 13 12 16 Mounce .... 7-10 7-10 7-10 —
1571 Grafter 114 12 34 3 10 88 22 J. Woods.... 8 8 7 1
(1572) Bard of Avon. ...119 3 3 21 21 21 38 Domlnlck ..2 2 9-5 1-3
15J9 lAlnder 114 4 14 4 4 4 Buchanan 25 150 100 15
Time—**, :23S; H. :47; %, 1:13'4. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
Winner. W. C. de Ix>pez*6 br. c. by imp. St. Andrew-Utter. Articulate showed a wonder
ful turn of speed, finishing eased up In the face of a gale: Bard of Avon tired badly last
eighth.
J5O1. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; Blingum Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; $750.
I _ Po. 1 / Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. U. tf . Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1579 Bathos, 4 9SI4 3 1H11 12 11 '.Buchanan ..6862
lf.S4 Herculean. 4 104! 34 42 33 2h 2n IMounce .... 6 12 10 3
1551 Dr. Bernays. 6...103! 21 3h 41 ?U$4 iBulIman ... 1 11-5 11-5 3-5
1556 'Sir Rolla. 6 114 12 5 5 6 4 2 N. Turner... 5 8-2 9-2 8-5
15M> 'Pat Morrlssey. a.l07| 55 22 2H4H6 (Jenkins "8 18-E 16-5 1
Time— 1-16. :07; 5-16. :32; 9-16, :56; 13-18, l:21«i: mll«. 1:42; 1 l-16m, 1:49. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. J. J. Moran's ch. h. by imp. Bathampton-CrlBis. Bathos ie
given to doing funny stunts. Herculean la quite a comedian In his way. Dr. Bernays was
sore and unfit, but had an office full of patients. Sir Rolla overweighted. Morrlssey
away none too well.
1 .-»!•::. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
a Vo. ~ , Betting —^^»
Index jHorse. Age. Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1573 JTiburon, 5 102 63 12 12 11 11^6 Oomlnick .. 6 \ 6 2
1560 Maggie Davis, 5.. 100 5 6 3 h 3 1 2 h 2 n W. Waldo.. 6 6 9-2 8-5
O57C) Vohlcer. 4 10S 22 2H2n 34 34 Jenkins .... 4, 9-2 9-2 8-5
1491 (Dunblane. 4 105 7 4 61 43 44 45 Mounce .... 6 15 12 6
mCS) iFlorinel II. 4 102 31 4h 62 51 51 O'Connor .. 8 10 10 4
1570 iMatt Hoean. 4.. .101 17 6h 51 61 62 Ransch 10 10 10 4
!573 I Necklace, a 100 8 9 84-71 74 75 Stuart 15 25 25 10
.... iGreat Land, 6....10S 98 9 9 8^81 Basslnger .. 15 25 25 10
1577 iRalFton. a 105 45 7*4 88 9 9 Buchanan .. 2 5-2 • 5-2 1
Time— M. :23*4: H. :47%; %. 1:13»4. F"alr start. Won first three drivinjr- Winner. P. E.
Smith's b. jr. by imp. Friar Tuck-Ixilu B. Every dog has his day. It was Tlburon's, and
his friends were all there. Maggie Davis finally hit her kind of company. Vohicer all out.
Ilal«ton had a return check and forgot to come back. He can do better. Scratched—Lo
mond 105. Nora Ives 100. Jingle Jingle 100.
l.*.!i:e. SIXTH RACE — Mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
j " \Po7\ ~ " ~ , ¦ Betting ¦ -.
Index (Horse. Age, Weight. jPstiSt. U- %• Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
HS7 iLer.a. a 101 4 S 4 1\4 2h lh Ins Mounce 15 8^ 7 \
<irsi) [Opponent. 6 95 1 1 2 2 3 2 2 H 2 h J. Walsh.... E-2 7 6 8-5
1.-.6S IDonatcr, 6 »5 2 4 Sh 4h 52 34 Fauntleroy . 10 20 20 8
1574 Campus. 5 9S' 5 ' 5 51 52 4h 4n Domlnlck .. 6-2 3 3 x
15<>l iMorlnel. 6 9S 6 6 6 6 6 5 10 Buchanan .. 5-2 5-2 8-5 3-S
13S5 JEssence. 4 90 3 21n lh 3 h 6 Ransch 5 6 6 2
Time— y.. :Ui: *i. :3SH: H. 1:03; %. l:28«i: mile. 1:42: l%m. 1:55%. Good Btar*. Won first
three driving. "Winner, F. T. Nlckells' ch. m. by Apache-Rill. Mounce outflnished Wal'ih
Donator stepped faster than usual. Campus leg weary. Buchanan, who rode Morinel can't
do anvthlng right in his present form. '-:_"/¦
Fourth rac* — On* mil* and seventy yards;
four-yesr-oldf and upward; selling:
TWO Fidel Youlin.. 9S .... Charlotte M....103
USS Acrobat l r « lf.76 Monrovia 107
ISC3 The Buffoon.... 100 1M" Man' Klnsella.103
jr^T Oyrll ¦..-'¦ 105 1559 Pa m Howard. ..Id*
Fifth" rax* — Six furlonsv; four-year-olds and
ur^ard; eellinc:
f^confl race— One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and upward; selling:
54^5 Pchanken 103 liTS R<?r Ban<Hdos..l03
;s:.«; Tom Calt*rt...l<K 1548 IV.zella. 103
1"3 Hplke 100] l«So Trim 105
14^ Rlsford 1W 1«T8 Melkarth 105
tZli Ahda 103] 1C17 Glengaber 105
Third rae*— Om> mile and fifty yards; four
yr*aT-r>\e* and upward: purse:
":C3 Gonfalon 1091 liSO Lennep 109
1SS6 Bill Garrett....lC-8l
To-inorrotr morning at 10 o'clock Dan
McCarty \ri!l hold a sale of trottlng-bred
stock, at the Mascot Stable. 1106 Golden
Gate avenue. Dan says the sale Is for
the benefit of his creditors and that
pome great barpains in road horses, car
riages, etc.. will be offered.
Rcreen'well I^ake was well played to win
the oponir.g event, but developed a streak
of "yellow."
Imp Mistral was another well meant
one that failed to show anything startling.
It is raid an ofter of. $10,000 was refused
for Articulate.
¦Owinp to his five dayp puppenslon.
Dbmiclck will be unable to ride this after
r.^on.
Fol'.owinp are to-day's entries:
Piryt race — F*uturity course; four- year-olds;
'i4SMn&Soo Prtbcr«.tw f i3C5 rni« d'Or in
1432 Harry Thafer. 9S 1 ir,f,; Burdoc 9S
(XUS)AxtUla Ill J 1212 Bagdad 113
jrr? Foul Play Ill ' 1^^3 Tree Pas* Ill
1"& 11« ! 13« Or-ph^us IIS
US* Kins'B Pal 113 I 1^2 Urchin 113
Track Notes.
BATHOS. the Montana bred
enigma, showed a clean pair of
heels to the other four starters
la the Blingum handicap at Oak
land yesterday. The distance,
one mile' and a sixteenth. Just suited Dr.
Bemayp, It was figured, which caused
"Butch" Fisher's horse to be Installed
favorite. The Doctor did not show up in
the best of racing shape and It was all
Builman could do to get the small end of
the purse. Batho?, with ninety-eight
pounds and Buchanan on his back, made
all the running«and In a drive finished a
length ahead of Herculean. Pat Mor
rissey did not Ret away In the lead and
was never a contender. The wlnner,was
rt one time S to 1 in the betting. "//¦
A *tlff sou'easter blew over the course.
making It very hard for the horses on
the way "to the stand. Just after the
third event rain fell and the mudlarks
mill be in their element to-day. Besides
Bathos, there were a number of winning
outsiders. Eaintly. at 30 to 1: Tiburon.
ki'{ to 1 shot, and Lena, another S to 1
chance, escaped the majority of tno
talent. ' • ,
Undoubtedly the stellar performance ot
the afternoon was that of ArtJMlate'to
the six-furlong sprint for 'hree-year-o d
The brown colt shouldered 1- P 0 } 1 , 1 ?"*'
and. running away from Bard of A \on.
won easing up in 1:13V So wear> did the
Bard become that Grafter bi>at htm out
for the place. The winner now looms ; up
as -a promising candidate for the Califor-
Bi D^ r v > iln with Kirii Turner in the
wSdK'wSVlte .* different colt from
Dandy Jim with E. Matthews up He
closed an even money chance for »he
opening rtx-Curions ' ia : sh - « n . d excellently
rft-flen. downed Ir.Trepido with ease.
G W. Cushing. superintendent of»Tan
foran Park, annexed the next purse with
Saintly. The frown gelding at odds of
2T> and 30 to : ran circles around his Held,
reaching the wire a couple of lengths
ahead of lMrmfnlon. the favorite with
O'Connor t-p. Maydine. a well played out
eider totebed third.
Some .lays ago Tiburon was started in
a race with Dangman in the saddle, fail
ing 'o show a particle of speed. In the
fifth n rniber yesterday, piloted by Dom
ifvck he was well played at 8 to 1 and
won all the way. In a drive Maggie
Davis took the place from Vohicer by a
r. eck. . • '
Buchanan is showing very poor form In
The saddle just at present. He had the
rr.ount on. Morinel. favorite for the final
mile and a furlong run. and at no part of
it was ever better than sixth. Mounce
put up a very nice ride on I^ena, against
which S to 1 was laid, getting the decision
.at the wire by a nose from Opponent.
Dopator, a 20 to 1 shot, ran a close third.
•
By F. E. 3^XJI J K[Or J I J A.3SnD.
Articulate Covers a Very Fast Six Furlongs With Weight
Up, and Is Now Considered a Promising Derby Candi
date-Saintly, Tiburon and Lena Win at Lengthy Odds
BLINGUM HANDICAP CAPTURED BY
BATHOS, ONE OF THE OUTSIDERS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901.
3
A clearance sale
yf^K l^^im^d^l^w'lili^L e h°^ a y buying is over, yet we are still
if I It SiW^iPliiil iiilK we " stocked with winter-weight clothing. To
J S H WiiiilHiSliS Iower the stock we have lowered the prices ~
M nM^^^^M I alm0St a half in some instances - Suits and °ver-
/IJIWiH coatsthatsold ' scarce!y a month a -° f ° r $ iao °
hBIIp in additi ° n tb the big reducti ° ns in p rice ' the
ll HlrC^^^kwl^ clotfles are desirable v as the Y can be depended
wPfif I / iili^ II \ (k rlfS^lfr u P on - They bear the union label, which stamps
IHSI Siffllf lillfHP the workmanship as the best in all America, and also
lwf Iwliilir our 44 Yeargood M label, which is self-explanatory.
W iSIffl wSili I Ou are 2 ettin g good, stylish, serviceable,
III'- ! If ulH' I union-made, guaranteed, money-back clothes at
IPI ' I llHil almost half prices. You can't possibly do better —
IS I |i 11m I it's a money-saving proposition for you and a
Hi' I Iwi 1 Below you will see a detailed description of
H l ' ' I • Sm I e su^ s and overcoats; which shows that you
H if ifl w *^ be able to get whatever you want at the sale
Suits Overcoats Worsted Pants
These suits are single and The overcoats comprise A line of worsted pants in / **^/ J^ \
double breasted sacks, in box tan coverts of several c heck and stripe worsteds in / /S*»^^ \
worsteds, in \ if \
stripes of the latest weaves in which are all wool, velvet w*^ dark coat and vest, all i ¦* I f \
, various shades of gray, collars, length to the knee, sizes up to 44 waist; we have / J| J \
' brown and olive; also woolen they are good winter weight sold these pants for $3.00 and "'/' I * \
cheviots in solid black and and exceptionally well made: ¦ ut tQ c i ear the re- / I I ' l-'-">\?
patterns in checks of various worth $10.00 and $12.50. as * i:> . ' . . ¦ / £01 I \ \
shades; values of the suits, we sold them for that: now -mainder of them out now tne . I I \
$10.00 and $12.00; sale price, reduced to . prices are marked down to J s=^5i I . JC \
Odds and ends in boys' clothes
Sale will continue for another week of those cdds and ends J
in boys' clothes. While there are not more than two or three I I
suits of a kind in any one lot, every age is represented in the § I 1
suits as a Wjhole. . .,
The prices have been reduced about one-half— suits that sold '
before at $2.7 <;, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 are now cut to , s »-.
\ §) Vestee and middy suits in a^es from 3 to 8 lif^p lS l iSl
years; reefer suits for boys from 6 to 10 years ; iMIfi illiill
j^^^^^^m, suits wers formerj y sold as high' as but ¦ iMfl w||||
4 tweeds - single and doub:e breasted styles, for-
mer prices 7 ' 00 ' 8oo> 9#0 ° and IO00 ' selling
WK 3 § a& § m^^ ilM B^^^ C^ Out-of-iown orders carefully filled
9 afBli 9 fi H I B J^ fl ff B — 9 e * i"* 0 communication with our
BS V^ T , i « Bl W C^J n S W mail order departments and you mil
Gmg m m . A tM save money on your clothing, fur-
''¦-¦' T 1 8 Market. Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Wanted for Forgery.
Delia Bheehy, the Innocent looking girl
wJjo was arrested Wednesday for stealing
from bouses where she was employed as
a domestic, ' Is an old hand at the busi
ness. July IT, 1893, she was sent to the
House, of Correction for. one year, being
elx months on each of i two charges of
petty larceny for doing precisely the
same thing. Leon Henry, one of the two
men arrested with her, was also with
her on the previous occasion.
Old Sand at the Business.
St. Alban's Literary and Social Club.
The St. Alban's Literary and Social
Club held a social last evening in Golden
G«t» Hall. .The programme was as fol
lows: Barytone solo, selected. John J.
Lynch: fancy Ranees. Miss Ruby Cam
eron; mandolin and guitar trio selections,
selected, Harry A. Pttten Thomas V.
Eajstwood and Julius \V. Itiller; soprano
solo, selected, ' MJss Merle Bunn: mono
lojrue, Henry I* Auerbach; specialties.
Miss Bessie Chandon; specialties,
original. A. F. Williams. The officers of
the club are: E. M. Cameron, president;
William G. Badger, vice president; J. S.
Miller, secretary: O. G. Sanches, corre
spondent; E. A. Lee, tj-castirer.
The Police Commissioners met last night
and heard the cases of several officers
charged with. various offenses. The first
to be tried was Patrolman Frank Grt-enan,
who was 'accused of rf porting late for
duty. He gave a satisfactory excuse and
wai let off with a remimand: A similar
charge against Officer Peter Mitchell wa*
dismissed.
Policeman Henry Clancy, charged with
neglect of duty in allowing a prisoner to
escape, was acquitted. Officer Thoman
Cashln was fined $10 for falling to notify
his** superior officer that he had changed
his residence. The case against Police
man Blrdsall, who wa« charged by Attor
ney Knapp with uslnjj violence In arrest
ing him. wan heard and taken under ad
visement until Tueedav.
Bert Cadwalader was appointed perma
nent secretary of the board, he having
successfully passed the civil service ex
amination.
Residence.
One Fined for Failing to Report That
He Had Changed His
FIVE POLICEMEN TRIED
BY THE COMMISSIONERS
day. while cutting grass in the front yard.
He was a native of England, 78 years, of
age. Death was due to heart failure. 7
Joseph Scott.
r SANTA CHUZ, Jan. 8.— Joseph Scott, an
old resident of this city, dropped dead to-
DENVER, Jan. 3.— Miss West Temple of
the "My • Friend ' From ; India" company
has died of pneumonia at St. Joseph'^
Hospital. She was taken 111 when playing
at the Denver Theater two weeks ago.
Miss West Temple.
prominent and pioneer of this
county, residing near Valley Spring, died
suddenly at his residence. He was a prom
inent member of the I..O. O. F. and will
be interred under the auspices of that so
ciety. * . -
Henry Bemking.
MILTON, Jan. 3.— Henry Remklng, a
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— Word was received
here to-day of the sudden death from
apoplexy In Newark, N. J., thls'mornlng
of Huntington "W. Jackson, one of the
best known lawyers in the West. Mr.
Jackson was formerly receiver for the
Third National Bank and was connected
with several public Institutions, including
the Grear Library. He was 59 years of
age.
H. W. Jackson.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.— Governor Gage
will leave for the north P*rlday evening.
He expected to 'start to-night, but was
unable to get away. Several of tho Sena
tors and Assemblymen, will leave at the
same time, most of them going to Sacra
mento via San Francisco.
Gage's Trip Delayed.
• Judge Dalnjrerfleld rave Judgment .yes
terday condemning the property at the
southeast corner of California and Qulnty
streets, which will be a portion of the
new St. Mary's Park. The court ap
praised the value of the property at $2J.
000. Upon the sale of the property to lite
city $16,000 of the price paid will §ro ta
Upproan Sachs in liciuldation of a mort
gage upon the property and the balance
will go to the present owners of the prop
erty. V. Albouze. Joseph .W. Goldstein,
Georg-e H. Goldstein. Henrietta Marke
wltz and Adeline Tarbenhelmer. The
property is E4xS5 feet.
Condemns Park Land.
The San FVancisco Chamber of Com
merce has been presented with a hand
6ome silken banner by Ho Yow, the Im
perial Chinese Consul General. It will :be
exhibited to the members at the annual
meeting of the organization on Januarv
06. The following letter was sent to the
Chinese Consul by President Nelson:
RAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 1. lSCt
Hon. -Ho Tow, Imperial Chinese Consul G«ti
mral. San Francisco. CaJ. — Sir: It affords us
*•— sj pleasure to •cknowledg* on b*half ' of
th* Chamber of Commerce the receipt of the
handsome B'.lk banner which you have eo gen
erouBly sect to us. .
It ie Indeed most beautiful ana will be first
rf~<\ In <l»»oora.tinp our room at the next annual
»>eetlnjr on the l."th inrt. at 2 p. m.
Hoping that the new year will bring great
prosperity to your good i-Mf. as wen as peace
and harmony In your country, now unhappily
'- disturbed, and thanking you cordially for your
kindneos.. » - e have the honor of eubscriblng
ourselves, elr. your otjedlent iMi-vants.
CAPTAIN N*KL6ON. PresUrr.t.
Banner.
of Commerce With a Silken
CONSUL GENERAL HO YOW
MATTES A GENEROUS GIFT
Presents tlie San Francisco Chamber
Student Christian Federation
Interests an Audience at
Pacific Grove.
MOTT ADDRESSES
THE CONFERENCE
General Secretary of the "World's
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
PACIFIC GROVK, Jan. 3. — The most
prominent figure in to-day's session of the
Pacific Coast Students' Conference was
John R. Mott, general secretary, of. the
World's Student Christian Federation.
Mr. Mott arrived last night and from the
first moment of his presence at the con
ference his powerful personality Im
pressed Itself upon students and leaders
alike. This morning Mr. Mott addressed
the members of the missionary institute
department He also took part In every
exercise.
The platform address, this morning was
open to the public and a' Iar&re audience
was in attendance. E. T. Colton, inter
national college secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association and chair
man of this convention, presided, and
some excellent music was rendered by the
conference quartet.
Rev. Dr. H. C. Mlnton. president of the
Presbyterian Theological Seminary of San
Anselmo, delivered the first address at
the public session, hSe theme being "The
Authority and Inspiration of the Holy
Scriptures." The question of to-day, said
Dr. Mlnton, is not so much what does
the* Bible say as have we a Bible and is
it authoritative. Then, with clear, logi
cal arguments, he proceeded to solve prob
ably the most difficult as well as one of
the mos\ Important fundamental ques
tions of the Christian religion. The dis
course was rather technical, for the
speaker lost slKht of the (general audience
and talked straight to the trained minds
of the college men, to whom he came to
speak, but It was full of Interest to all
who heard it.
At the close of the public session. John
R. Mott addressed the, students on tho
splendid results of the past decade of
work among college men. Henry J. Mc-
Coy, general secretary of the San Fran
cisco Young Men's Christian Association,
and Dr. Minton addressed the' Life Work
Conference.
The convention held open house In the
museum lecture-room to-night, and a
function such as only a lot of students
could have carrled t out was enjoyed.
If the story told yesterday by Emilia
Gulzar to Immigrant Inspector De la
Torre be true. Valentine Hadcoek. a tailor
doing business In the city of Stockton,
will be deprived of the. society of a lady
\rith whom his relations were of an ex
tremely friendly natura. MJss Gulzar, In
response to the question put bv the in
epector. paid that she had lived in Stock
ton sinc»» 1SS5 up to three months ace,
when t-he went to Mexico for a visit to
relatives. She informed Mr. De la Torre
also that she had txvn living with the
tsaior and was returning to him. to re
sume the former re'ations. Her ptorv
was backed up with a business card of
the tailor named.
With Miss Gulzar came Maria Garcia.
A comely Mexican datnscJ of 30 years. She
had no relatives here, she said, and no
money, but Miss Gulza.r had paid her pas-
F&ge and would obtain e*sy employment
for her. Tpon De la Torre's report Immi
gration Commissioner North ordered both
women deport «*d on the steamer Peru on
¦which they had arrived; Miss Guizar be
cause ehe had admitted that she was re
turning to lead an Immoral life with the
tailor, and Miss Garcia because she was
ilkely to become a public charge, being a
pa.uper. .
Home.
Allowed to Return
She Wcat to Mexico and Will Not Be
TAILOR HADCOCK WILL
JJOSE 3TTS sw Ki-ri'FrF.ATrr
Bpedal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 8.— A party of Re
bekahs returning from Soquel saved a
pretty cottage from destruction by flre
last evening. While passing along West
Flames Are Discovered and Ex tin
guised by a Party of He- ¦
bekahs Returning From
SoqueL
INCENDIARIES FIRE
SANTA CRUZ HOUSE
v» "yj- ylCHITA, Kans., Jan. 3.— The
\L/\/ friends of Mrs. Carrie Nation
\u\V are determined that h >r bond
V . V Fhall be accepted and her
freedom granted notwith
standing the quarantine the Sheriff Is
maintaining against the Jail. Mrs. Na
tion Is the president of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union at Medicine
Lodge. Recently she traveled to Gover-
Mrs. George Davis Expires After Im
bibing a Bottleful of tha
Deadly Poison.
HER DEATH CAUSED BY
DHINKCTG WOOD ALCOHOL
Mrs. George Davis, aged 29 years, died
yesterday from the effects of a bottle of
wood alcohol drank by her under the Im
pression that It was wine alcohol. She
came from San Mateo December 31 for the
Surpose of taking care of the children of
Cr. and Mrs. James Galvin. at the Wind
sor Hotel, Mrs. Galvin being In St. Mary's
Hospital under surgical treatment. Mr.
Galvin purchased a bottlo of burning al
cohol from the Owl drugstore for fuel
with which to warm the baby's food, and
Mrs. Davis, not knowing: that wood or
burning alcohol was a deadly poi3fln.,
mixed it with water and drank It In place
of whisky. Mrs. Davis was a native of
Ireland and leaves m. husband in San.
Mateo.
nor Stanley's home city to more strongly
call to his attention violations of the pro
hibition law. To accomplish her purpose
she entered one of the most prominent
Faloons and with a cobblestone ruined
valuable paintings, statuary, glassware
and liquors to the \aJue of $3000.
She was arrested and has since been in
Jail. Notwithstanding her bond has been
filed the Sheriff refuses to release Mrs.
Nation for the reason that he says the
place is under quarantine for smallpox.
Sycamore street one of the party saw a
bright light in the unoccupied building
owned by Mr. Wyman.
Entrance to the building: was pained
through an open window and it was at
once discovered that an Incendiary had
deliberately planned the destruction of
the building. A pile of cloths soaked with
oil was blazing In the hallway. Oil had
also been plentifully scattered on the
flooring and walls and every window la
the house was wide open.
A bucket brigade was organized and the
fire soon extinguished. The burning
building adjoined the earn belonging to
Williamson & Garnett. Tne losa Is nom
inal.
Ljuid Laws for Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.-A bill prorld-
ing for the extension of the land lawB of
the United States to Hawaii was Intro
duced to-day by Senator Hansbrough.
NEWPORT, Or.. Jan. 3.— The mail car
rier from Waldport to-night says it is re
ported that a schooner came ashore last
night about seven miles south of Alsea
Bay bottom up. The vessel Is about one
hundred feet in length. It is supposed- to
be the schooner Joseph ajid Henry.
Schooner Goes Ashore.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 3.— The schooner
Alcade, now lying, at San Pedro, has been
libeled by the Bank of Pedro for $975 ad
vanced on order of the captain to pay
salaries and make repairs. I>rafts were
made on the agents of the vessel In San
Francisco and returned dishonored. A
Deputy Marshal was placed on board the
schooner to prevent her departure from
port, but the captain summoned a tug
and bade defiance to the officer. Whor.
the captain of the tuiar 'was ma.de cogni
zant of the facts he refused to tow. The
captalnrof the Alcada then attempted to
leave* port under sail, but a second dep
uty was placed aboard and the schooner
will be forced to await the process of the
iaw - ¦ — > m.
Another Victory for Terrill.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 3.— Attorney Samuel B.
Terrill, who has been tried ten times for
forgery and embezzlement, has scored an
other victory In his flght for liberty. This
time the Supreme Court has sustained his
contention and denied an appeal to Dis
trict Attorney Campbell in the Ann Smith
embezzlement case.
SCHOONER ALCALDE LIBELED.
MRS. CARRIE NATION OF THE W. C. T. U., WHO IS IN JAIL AT WICH
ITA. KANS., FOR SMASHING SALOON FIXTURES IN ORDER TO
CAX.L ATTENTION TO VIOLATIONS OF THE PROHIBITION LAW.
Bishop Nlnde was well known on the
Pacific Coast, having served as superin
tendent of the work of his church in Cali
fornia, Arizona, Nevada and New Mexico.
He was born in Cortland.N. Y.. in 1S32, and
was the son of an Episcopalian preach
er. His education was obtained In Wes
leyan University, from which institution
he wns graduated In 1S55. In the follow
ing year he Joined the Black River confer
ence, where he sprved several Important
churches. In ISfil he was transferred to
Cincinnati and was appointed pastor of
Trinity Church. In 1S70 he became a mem
ber of- the Detroit conference and pastor" of
Central Church, Detroit, the leading
charge In that city. In 1873 he wa« elected
to the chair of practical theology Mn Gar
rett Biblical Institute, and six years later
¦was elevated to the office of president.
His election to the episcopacy took place
in 1X84.
Special C^pateh to The Call.
SAN J»3E, Jan. 3.— A number of promi
nent citizens of the southern end of Santa
Clara County are advocating a division of
the eounty and the creating of a new
county with Gilroy as the county seat. It
is said a determined effort will be made
to secure the passage of such a bill at
the coming session of the Legislature.
This matter of forming a new county has
come up annually for some years and its
advocates now believe there is a chance
of it being carried. Henry Miller, the
cattle king, has cherished euch a hope
for years. His home is near Gilroy and
he has large Interests there. For some
time Miller and other cattle and dairy,
men around Gilroy have been possessed
of the idea that they are not getting fair
treatment from the Board of Supervisors
of this county, because of a law passed
compelling the examination and testing
ot milch cows to see if they ¦were afflicted
with tuberculosis. Miller successfully re
sisted the attempts of Veterinary Spencer
two years ago when the latter attempted
to kill six of his cows that were afflicted
with tuberculosis, and his action resulted
in the ollice being abolished at that time.
Apsemblyman Ell Wright, who left for
Sacramento to-day, stated he had been
informed the people of the southern end
of the county would ask the Legislature
to create a new county. He said he was
not advised, however, as to the details.
There Is an especially rich country
around Gilroy. Las Animas has been
suggested as the name of the new county,
with, Gilroy as the seat of government,
it is said Miller has offered to give the
nites for what county buildings would be
I needed.
Should such a bill be introduced a warm
fiKht would be made against it by the bal
ancf of the county.
ll is eald the division haa progressed so
far that a prominent San Francisco at
torney is drawing up a bill looking to
such an end that will be presented to the
Legislature. The division line will be run
ea*<t and west, just south of Coyote, some
fourteen miles from here. It Is also pro
posed to annex a strip of San Benito
County, which adjoins Santa. Clara. San
Benitoites approached on the matter are
paid to favor the move. The area of the
proposed new county is estimated at 450
to 550 square miles, with a population of
about 5000. The total assessed valuation
of the territory In round numbers is
•*S,000,OGO.
With Gilroy as Its Seat.
ETROIT, Jan. 3.— Bishop W. X.
Nlnfle, aged CS years, of the
Methodist Episcopal church, was
_ found dead in bed at his home
here to-day. It is thovight the
cause of death was heart trouble. He at
tended a funeral yesterday and caught a
cold.
Deceased had been a Bishop of the
Methodi5t Episcopal church since 1SS4. He
was at one time a missionary In India. He
leuves a wife, three eons and one daugh
ter.
Yesterday the presiding ciders of Michi
pan held a conference and decided to sell
the episcopal residence here, now occu
pied by Bishop Nind*»'s family, because
the churches if Michigan outside of De
troit and other cities had failed to con
tribute sufficient funds to maintain it.
BILL FOR DIVISION
OF SANTA CLARA
? -
Legislature to Be Asked to Authorize
the Formation of a New County
Elmer Locke. th« llttl* newsboy wtvp
was injured while trying to save his pet
dojj from being run over bv a Folsom
street car. will be presented with a «tt- .
ver medal by the Society for th» Vn-.
ventlon of Cruelty to Animals. ¦ : .
At a meeting of directors of the. organ-,
lzatlon yesterday it was unanimously
afrreed to reward the boy for his brav»
and humane action. Elmer is a member.
of the Band of Mercy, which numbers
twenty-seven thousand in this city.
Secretary Holbrook stated In his annun-l
report that of the 4»M cases reported 2W
had been investigated. ."52 prosecuted. 3t'
sick and disabled animals kllWl and 12
removed in the society's ambulance. .• .
Dr. C. Bodwell Currier was elected a
trustee to fill the vacancy caused by th»».
death of Colonel J. P. Jackson. The fol
lowing were elected to membership: .
George R. Puckett. Miss Edna r>avts
Caryette, Arthur L. Fish, Mi.*s M. Fran
ces Johnson, Char!e3 II. Harle-y. David
Plnkney, Llnonln Buttner. Mrs. T. G.
Boyne. E. B. Mayer and Arthur Thack
ray.
Elmer I/ocke "Will Be Berwarded for
. Trying to Save His Pet :
Dog.
HEROIC NEWSBOY TO BE
GIVEN A STLVER MEDAL
THE LATE BISHOP NINDE, WHO HAS JUST DIED IN DETROIT AND
WHO FORMERLY WAS PRESIDENT OF THE PACIFIC COAST METH
ODIST EPISCOPAL CONFERENCE.
INSIST THAT THE SHERIFF
RELEASE MRS. NATION
Temperance Woman Who Smashed Saloon Stat
uary Still Held by the Authorities.
MANY STORES
AT SAN PEDRO
ARE DESTROYED
Town.
Disastrous Early Morning
Fire in the Little
Has a Narrow Bs-
Two "Hotels and Five Saloons Are
: Burned and the City Hall
HEROIC WORK *0F FIREMEN
BAN TEDRO. Jan. 3.— One of the most
disastrous fires that has ever been expe
rienced here occurrr-d in the small hours
this morning. The Union Hotel. Murphy's
Hotel, five saloons, two butcher shops, a
general merchandiso store, three fruit
stands, three restaurants and a furniture
store were burned to the ground. The
total loss is estimated at $50,<X». The in
surance will aggregate about $20,000.
The alarm was sounded at 1:45 a. m. The
f.ames were first observed in an Italian
fruit store In the rear of J. L. Griffin's
Seaside market. In the dry wood of the
fragile buildings the fire gained rapid
headway. Sweeping along Front and
Fifth streets, the entire block was soon
In a blaze.
Citizens turned out and tried as best
they could to <o:;Sn<» the conflagration to
the block, and as there was little wind
their efforts proved effective. The flames
attacked the Union Hotel and that of J.
Murphy, both email structures near the
wafer front. These soon succumbed, and
the lire spread to the adjacent restaurants
and saloons, low structures, that served
to intensify the force of the flames.
The Esperanza saloon and that of Mur
r>hv were burned and Angelo Bessola's
followed. J. F. Nolkinson's saloon fartd
equally as bad, and then Charley Men
vig's place pave way. Melville's furniture
store Fhared th» general fate, and only
by deeperate efforts was the City Hall
saved. . A line was formed and the men
engaged in working- the hose were kept
from suffocation by turning another
Ftreaai on themselves.. The energetic ex
ertions of the volunteer department alone
prevented the loss of all the municipal
records and the building In which they
were stored.
Three firemen entered a wooden block
at the corner of Fifth and Front streets.
ajxfl by playing: the hose freely over thz
exposed surface of the structure succeed
ed In saving the building. The three fruit
etcres and three restaurants In the block
r.rct attacked were ewept away in a few
moments. One ' of the restaurants was
owned by Mr. Mene.
Not eince 1SS6 has bo disastrous a firo
rage4 In San P^dro. That no more se
rious results followed Is cause for con
gratulation. Owing to the fact that mott
of th« buildings are of •wood and dry as
tinder it might have been much worse.
Pr*cial rr.siiatch to The Call.
'Social Plspatch to The Call.
l.OS ANGELES, Jan. 3.— Coroner Hol
land -was notified this morning of the
finding of the headless corpse of a man
near the summit of Mount Lowe, and will
go up to-morrow morning- to make an In
vestigation. T^he man had evidently been
dead for several months, as the corpse
was practically; a skeleton, though fully
dressed. No trace of the skull was found
in the vicinity of the body, and this looks
as though there might be some mystery
back of the affair, as it Is not believed
that wild beasts would have carried off
the head alone and left the rest of the
body undisturbed.
The grewsome llnd was made by some
truf-sts of the hotel while they were ex
plorlnp the mountain on the east side,
from a> quarter to half a mile beyond the
hotel. It was lying in the bushes, and the
discovery was made by the 4 merest acci
dent. ¦ ' , ,
The clothing of the PkPleton would seem
to indicate that the deceased was a man
in reasonably good circumstances, being
of fair material and well made. The cufl
buttons were in the, cuffs and $1 42 in
money whs found In the pockets. A gold
watch anil chain' wore also found on the
corpse, all of which would indicate that,
in matter what else was the motive, It
was not robbery.
Not a slip of paper or anything else was
found by which the identity of the corpse
could be established.
At the Echo Mountain House no ad
ditional facts could be ascertained. So far
as known no one was missing from the
hotel, and no explanation could be given.
It was at first thought that the corpse
might be that of one of the men who was
engaged in. fighting the mountain fires
several months ago, who .had been over
come and fell down in the brush and died.
Hut as against this theory it was pointed
out that It was highly improbable for the
reason that the skull was missing. This
fact was also urged against the suicide
theory, or the possibility of the unfortun
ate man having wandered away in the
mountains nnd lost his way.
. Hy some It is urged that the head being
missing' Is almost positive proof that a
crime has been committed; that the man
was probably lured into the bushes and
murdered, and the head severed to pre
vent identification; The fact that nothing
was taken disproves the robber theory
and leaves revenge the only motive for
the crime, if one was committed.
Money and a Gold Watch Found in
the Clothing and the Motive
of the Crime a Matter of
¦MAN^;- IDENTITY 13 UNKNOWN
Evidence ol a Foul Murder
in Los Angeles
Cototy.
— ¦' ?¦¦ — —
HEADLESS BODY
FOUND ON SUMMIT
OF MOUNT LOWE
Los Angeles Councilman
Promptly Resents . .";
an Insult
LOUS VETTER
PLANTS FIST ON
DE GROOT'S FACE
TROUBLE OF LONG STANDfflG
the Bohemian Club in San Francisco, had
a. lively encounter with W. de Groot. an
oil operator and money lender. In the
Wellington saloon to-night. Do Groot was
in a quarrelsome mood and persisted in
insulting Wtter, finally applying a Vile
epithet to him. -which the Councilman,
after unsuccessfully demanding a retrac
tion, resented by planting hia sturdy right
fist on De Groot's optic, the impact lovel
ing the oil man to the floor. .-¦
Neither man will talk of the affair, ex
cept that De Groot declares he will "at*
tend to Vetter, ad he has done in tiie
past."
L>uring Vett«»r's term in the Council Jt.
desperate effort was made to reduce the
prescribed limit of distance from West
Lake Park In which oil drilling operation.*
may be conducted. De Groot waa very
much interested in the success of: the
measure and worked hard to prevent
Vetter's renominatlon for the Council at
the late city election. lid i3 reported to
have said that h*» would give $10,000 to.
encompass hla defeat.
De— Groot was seen after th© enpoiint**r
at ma rooms. He was lying In bed", sufr
fering from an abrasion over th*» left pye
and on the left chf»«»k. His left ear vaj
covered with a wet towel, which con
cealed a considerable swelling. Votter..
apparently well satisfied with the direct
ness of his blow, spent the r*»st of tho
evening at th*» theater enjoying "The
Fortune Teller." :.,•¦>•>
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 3.— Louis F. Vet/
tcr, City Councilman and a member of
Oil Operator Retires to' His Boom
After the Fracas and Declines ..'
to Discuss the
Matter.
•—
Pl>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
BISHOP NINDE IS STRICKEN
BY THE HAND OF DEATH
Prelate of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Passes Away at Detroit.
_?_ ! ' .. •_ "• •'
THE 8AN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,; JANUARY 4, 1901
Frank Ruckenberg, an old soldier, was
arrested In Oakland yesterday afternoon
by Detective Ryan of this city and a
charge of forgery placed against his
name. The complainant. Nells Jessen,
swore that Ruckenberg forped his name
to an order calling for $40 some time ago.
Ruckenberg was arrested in ¦ December on
a charge of burglary committed in Ala
xneda County, but entered a plea of in
sanity and the case against hfa -was dls
mlesM. Yesterday he was released from
a hospital and the arrest for forgery fol-
4
THE DAY'S DEAD.
¦ A. great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it.
1 n.cw« A cleaufvoijt of cvcrytl^irvoT %"^^^^^^^^!i
g Now for the Century Sale! A hundred price reductions on a hundred different nl^ll^^v^^^>^^^^>^/^ n iH H
$S| thing's — a money-saving carnival that comes "but once in a hundred years"— a clean- \ ~*x\jgfi''^^^%s. v^--^^^^^^fi:H
'i up of "last century's stocks" — a making-the-way for t he new century's merchandise a ;^y?^^o^^^^^^^^^^/^^P"i
¦'j sale we've been planning for six months past — a sale not only big but g'ood good W^
for us, in that it gives us added buying power; good for you, because it makes money >^^^^^^^^^^^^^p@S^^** ~Jj \
Oi/R boys' SUITS— 1^° K^ntlemen's Vhtte and colored bordered hand- _ -..^^^^^^b^^^^h^^^^^^^^^^^^l
suit of wonderful wear and worth— the entire line Mo derby ribbed men's underwear riflo irar ,«,,„ - ••••Oo.Uu eacn jb
*zltV»W^'£ * *2.OO each 85c natural camel', hair woolen underwear^ • full of warmth and wear-well g
reefer SUITS- .-/».. •¦••••••?•• •••••; ••••• • 70c gar. ma de and food fit-blues, black and browns In ker- j.
one of the strongest values on sale— ages 3, 4 and 5 l**a<> tan and blade sox— «l-3c pair, or 6 pairs for... say and tan In covert— on tha counters for the sale ?(
years only— these are the suits we have been sell- — - 45c •••« i 8S.17> each H'
ing for $4.00 and $5.00— entire line cut to close them 16 2-3o heavy balbriggan box.. „..._.., 12U« »..,. svits— M
out before the spring ;stocks arrive....... ..:S1.75 11-60 men's sweaters -...81.00 each orblua serffe-rood and heavy and unusually well S3
BOYS' MIDDY: suits— 75c. colored percalo shirts on «ale.^^.«....KO<» each made— all sites— hav« cut the prices for a speedy \]
25 per cent or one-quarter off on any middy suit 25o neckwear on sale at 1 Kn each exit— here whlla they last at. 80.15 each «
in the store— If you cannot find what you want in ko c underwear en m»i« «t ooi , fj mkavt CJISSfMEffe mrtwrm— }<
M sp >°" — f mm —' I¥SEBr£:^iii ::: l ; ji =? S^SKsffiawssw «r I
j COIF CAPS- / *f™ w ° 0 ' Pants for men jmj solo at-....81.8."» each made- th» usual price is |lia>-«entury sale price ¦
£ ¦ w« have been Helling the br St 65c Rolf cap In San Fran- - g-g> **ncy worsted striped pant»..~-...g2.25 each -.-.- - SS.«3 U
£| cisco-lt is a cap that sold for a dollar* In many atoreu— •*.«) ajid J3.00 fancy vests......... Sl.5M> each „»,> OHDBmm— %*.", %J
If It Is a cap that fits, wears and Kivca bet- **-00 and $5.00 fancy vests „ —83.10 each orders"? mall receive rmr nrnnmt ittoiUnn-,^ H
If ter golf cap cannot bemad, at any price-thls line has W.OOhats on sale at.. ....81.35 each SS^M e %^ to fllVall^rH?r .£!£?.& i £w hSTTE? ' ¦
m-. been cut a. a, leader for the sale to .....45c each »6? hats on sale at.. — '.... Jl.gS each 2Sd .hiJnSnt orders-careful selecUon and g
¦ .^ flt*"( Iff £^ r G
1 —^^ OF*J*. JPOVVH: JLJL %/~7\ '4Charg-ed With Assault to Murder.
Tony Dunand, alias Antonio Gulnatto,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of assault" to murder. New
Year's eve he flred five" shots from a re
volver at Green and Kearny streets. One
of the , bullets struck Michael Vlncenzl
and nearly killed him.
! The special board of inquiry, of the Im
migration Bureau has recommended the
deportation of Naka Tamakachi to Japan.
She arrived on the City of Peking a few
days ago with three other; women. <-Yusl
Isekachl, J. Hlrano,. and. Mrs. Honda.
Naka was the woman for whose -landing
a Japanese '<*:¦ named . M.- S. v Morll ¦ paid
Deputy Immigration Commissioner Schell
125 as a bribe.' Schell arrested Morll after
having received a statement. that Naka
was Imported for immoraT purposes. Mrs.
Honda, having, proved that shewas^the
wife of a cook on* a- coasting, steamer, in
this port, was allowed to land. ¦ The cases
of Hlrano; and Yusi ?Isekachi were laid
over/for, further investigation. All the
women are young and more than ordinar
ily comely for. Japanese., .
Japanese Girl Sent Home.
The Associated Charities, met yesterday
and to the meeting it was reported that
ninety-four, cases had -been ¦ relieved -.dur
ing the last month. Vsixly-threc of which
were new>,ones. The annual meeting -of
the association will be held 'in 'the -office.
C01 Commercial "street, next Friday: after
noon at-'3* o'clock.'': All * members will- b«
notified: to "attend. ¦'; %
It, was decided; to -bring, suit against the
Lux; estate to secure -he $5000 left by 'the
will of the deceased to the association. •.. ¦
Associated Charities.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.-In view of the
trend of discussion upon the array reor
ganization bill in the Senate to-dav Petti-
i ?V»? dl ir !d .y ie f ?»o«-»ng resolution;
"That the President is hereby requested
if not incompatible with the public inter
ests., to inform the Senate what neccisUy.
li?™',' exlst l f ° r '""easing the army at
this time; what are the conditions in the
Philippines and how many men are re
quired there."
The President is also requested to send
to the Senate copies of all communica
tions received from our officers In the
Philippines showing the conditions in that
country and the number of men required
now and in the future:
The resolution under the rules went
over until to -morrow/«fa*»ah
Wants to Know the Reasons, if Any,
for Increasing the Army in
the Philippines.
ASKS THE PRESIDENT
FOB INFORMATION
By the filing of articles of Incorporation
yesterday the second colossal light and
power company founded by Claus Spreck
els for the benefit of the people of this
city has been vested with all the powers
conferred by ,Uie laws of the State. The
legal machinery of the, corporation, the
Independent Gas and Power Company. Is
now Installed, as It were, and the installa
tion of the machinery whereby gas con
sumers of San Francisco will be benefited
will Immediately follow.
In the articles It is set forth that the
amount of the capital stock of the corpo
ration is $5,000,000, divided into 50,000 shares
of the par value of, $100- each. Of this
amount $32,000 has been subscribed. $10,000
each by Claus Spreckels, John D. Spreck
els and Adolph B. Sprcckels. and $10C0
each by Frederick Tillmann Jr -and
Thomas Brown, who have been appointed
directors of the corporation for the first
year.
It Is further Ftated in the articles of in
corporation that the Independent Gas and
Power Company was formed for the pur
pose of generating, transmitting and sell-
Ing gas for illuminating purposes and also
for power, heat and fuel; to acquire, own,
operate and exercise franchises, rights
and privileges and to sell and dispose of
the same; to exercise Its corporate func
tions as to lands and securities.' and gen
erally to engage in the business of gas
manufacturing. • The corporation also re
serves the right to manufacture, purchase
and sell all machinery and appliances for
producing and using gas, and to procure
and sell all or any patent, rights relating
thereto. .
The term' for which the corporation is
to exist Is fifty years from the date of Its
incorporation.
NEW GAS COMPANY
INCORPORATES
Shape.
Claus Spreckels' Colossal
Enterprise Assumes
OLEOMARGARINE
BILL UNDER FIRE
Defeat.
National Livestock Associa
tion Working ior Its
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— The Senate
Committee on Agriculture t^-day resumed
its hearing on the oleomargarine bill. Hon.
William M. Springer, representing the
National Livestock Association, was the
flrst person heard. He said the associa
tion for which he appeared represented
a combined capital of $600,000,000 and that
it holds annual conventions. He read a
memorial from the association in opposi
tion to the oleomargarine bill as an effort
to build up ond Interest at the expense of
another. He quoted figures to show that
whereas the milk cows of the country are
valued at $514,000,000. the other cattle foot
up an aggregate of $689,000,000 in value.
He said that the opinion of stock raisers
is unanimous that the passage of the
pending bill would mean the destruction
of the oleomargarine Industry and • that
there was little effort on the part of the
promoters of the bill to conceal this pur
pose. ¦•-'
Two gentlemen present, named respec
tively Adams and Knight, interrupted
Judge Springer while he was quoting
from reports of the House to say that
they had been entirely misrepresented by
those reports. Mr. Knight said that a
letter had been printed in the-Congres
sional Record which purported to have
been written by. him,\ which was an abso
lute falsehood. •
Mr. Springer was also interrupted by
Governor Hoard of Wisconsin, who re
iterated his charge of attempted bribery
of merchants by oleomargarine manufac-
U Resumlng. Mr. Springer charged th«
friends of the bill with Interfering in poli
tics and he quoted a letter from Mr.
Knight, who is secretary of the National
Dairy Union, with headquarters at Chi
cago, directed to a constituent of Con
gressman .Wadsworth, saying that his re
election, unless by;a greatly reduced ma
pority, would be a "triumph of the stock
yards and oleomargarine frauds." '
Mr. Knight, who was present, said that
Mr. Wadnworth's majority had been re
duced 2000. :
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— The radical
element among the House Republicans,
who favor cutting down the representa
tion from the Southern States in which
franchise is abridged, suffered defeat to
day because a number of their colleagues
refused to act with them. The Issue was
precipitated quite unexpectedly. The
leaders had decreed that the reapportion
ment bill should be taken up to-day, but
before It could be taken up Olmstead of
Pennsylvania offered as a matter of priv
ilege a resolution reciting the alleged
abridgment of the suffrage in Louisiana.
Mississippi, South Carolna and Xorth
Caroliua and directing the Committee on
Census to investigate and report the facts
to the House in order that a constitu
tional basis of representation could be
established for those States.
The resolution created a sensation. It
was a surprise even to several of the Re
publican leaders. The le-adcrs on the Dem
ocratic side sought in vain to head off
the rc-solutlcr. with points of order, but
the Speaker ruled against them. They be
gan a filibuster, avowing that they would
nght every proposition looking to the re
duction of representation from the South
ern States to the bitter end. Several of
the P.epublicans were secretly In sym
pathy with them, and their indifference
to the fate of the Olmstead resolution in
the end gave the opposition the victory
of to-day. Many of them quietly paired
with absent Democrats, leaving their ab
sent colleagues unpaired. As a result
when the question of consideration was
raised against the resolution it was de
feated, £1— S3. 1
The vote was a strict party one. Two
Republicans— Landis of Indiana and Mann
of Illinois— answered present, but did not
vote. The story of the defeat is found
in the absentees on both sides who were
unpaired. Thirty-two Republicans were
cbsent and unpaired, against sixteen of
the opposition. Those absent and un
paired were:
Republicans— Boutelle of Maine. Bro
sius. Brown. Burkett. Calderhead. Clark
of New Hampshire, Dahle, Samuel Dav
enport, Dick, Fowler. Gardiner of New
Jersey. Hawley. Hoffecker, Ivnox, Lori
mer. Loudenslager. McCleary. Metcalf,
Miller, Mondell. Morgan. Needham, Otlen
Parker, Prince, Russell. Showalter,
Smith of Illinois, Sprague, Stevens,
M adsworth and Wagner.
Democrats— Barber of Pennsylvania,
Bradley of New York, Brewer. Caldwell
Catchir.gs. Gaston. Gayle, Glenn. Levy,
May, Meeklnson, Shepard, Stallings, Wil
son of South Carolina and Zeigler. Silver
Republican— Wilson of Idaho.
The situation with reference to the re
apportionment bill is greatly complicated
as a result of the Injection of the Olra
stead resolution. Chairman Hopkins
however, is confident^of victory for his
bill. He thinks the Olmstead resolution
may pass in a full House and investig*
tion may be made, but that the matter
will end there. Irrespective of the fate
of the resolution, however, he will press
the reapportior.ment bill and thinks it
Jill pass on Monday. If possible he will
£lsplace private bill day to-morrow with
nis measure.
Abridgment.
Resolution Submitted Ask
ing Inquiry Into Suffrage
SENSATION IS
SPRUNG IN HOUSE
Like "The Old Homestead." the comedy
In which Golden will once again be seen
has lost none of Its popularity, and the
revival this season of "Old Jed Prouty"
has been most successful. Golden's play
Is one of extreme heart interest, and its
plot Is interesting enough to hold the at
tention of all who witness the production.
Golacn has secured many of the original
members of his first company, and the at
traction is one of the best obtained by the
Alhambra this season.
:-:-x-:-* h-h-h-h-;-:- ¦:¦ i ; : i : : ;:¦ ©
AFTER an absence of twelve years
Richard Golden, the comedian, will
make his reappearance in this
city, opening- on Sunday night at
the Alhambra In the New Engrland
P'.rv. "Old Jed Prouty." Throughout the
United States and Canada Golden and
"Old Jed Pmuty" have dellgrhted thou
sands cf play-poers during the eight sea
sons the play and the star were "on the
road."
Chjldren's Protective Society.
A meeting of the Chilflren's Protective
Association was held Wednesday in the
rooms of the organization In the Aca
demy of Science BufMlEgr. The folloWngr
efflcers *ere permaiieriUy elected: Presi
dent. Isaac Upham; %1ce president, Dr. W.
F. ilcNutt: .secretary. Mrs. Lvdia Prcs
cott: treasurer, A. V3n der Nalilen Jr.;
directors. Dr. McNutt. Hon. James M.
Seawell. C. Mason Klnne. Isaac ITphaia,
Marj' C. Brooks. Phoebe B. Whitfield,
Lydia A. PrcscctL Temporarj* by-laws
were adopted.
RICHARD GOLDEN. THE COMEDIAN. WHO. AFTER AX ABSENCE OF
MANY TEARS. WILL REAPPEAR AT THE ALHAMBRA ON* SUNDAY
AS "OLD JED PROUTY."
The Supervisors* ' Police Committee re
ported yesterday In favor of the ordinance
providing " for the . establishment of the
pound limits so as tn take In the whole
city. M. Roundy. on behalf of the Mis
sion clubs, urged that the pound limits be
made coextensbre with thej city and
county, as provided ¦ by the charter.
The committee , recommended the pas
sage of. the ordinance regulating boxing
contests given by amateur organizations.
The ordinance provides that the contests
must not be given oftener than once a
month and- only within -the gymnasium
belonging to the organizations.
* Thepetltion'of the Twentieth .. Century
Athletic Club to hold a boxing exhibition
.In i February, was favorably reported.
Contests to Be Regulated.
POUND LIMITS; TO
TAKE 'IN WHOLE CITY
Police Committee Favors Passage of
Ordinance-^ Amateur Boxing
RtTSS HOUSE UNDER
NEW MANAGEMENT
Colonel O.-L. Young Retires, His In
terest^ Being Purchased by C.
:<~'f;>* ¦' A. Harrison.
Colonel J. S. Young, who has managed
the Russ; House since 1S92, has sold hta
interest in the hostelry to C. A. Harrison,
formerly proprietor of- the Rio Grande
Hotel at Seattle and later of s the St.
James . at San ¦ Jose. * Colonel Young has
been* engaged -In the 1 hotel business since
1869. He retires to take a much needed
rest. ..* ' * . ¦ •¦¦ * ' "' * * ¦" -'.¦¦* .-""' . *
• Mr. .Harrison assumed . charge of tho
Russ yesterday. Plans are now s belns
prepared " for some - extensive ; alterations,
between $30,000. and $40,000 having, been
set 'aside by, the Russ estate for this pur
pose. '- ¦¦>. - j \'~- ¦:*' v :: v.'-
Sudden 7?earhJ of W. H. -, Cobb.
W.i Horace Cobb, secretary, of, California
Lodge" No. 1 1, ;, Knights of ; Pythias, • died
suddenly^ yesterday morning In his room
at 675 Bush 1 street, i He was a single man
and was well known in this city. Heart
trouble is believed to have been the cause
of death, Mr. Cobb, having been ;a suf
ferer with that disease for. a long time.
DR. HOLMES WILL
MEET TROUBLE
of Silk.
% --¦•¦;/.*
To Bo Arrested on a Charge
of Smuggling a Bolt
Dr. Holmes, surpeon on board the United
States transport Grant, will meet with a
lively adventure when he returns from
Detroit, whither he has gone on a twelve
days' vacation, if Assistant United States
Attorney Banning keeps his word. Mr.
Banning ' announced yesterday that he
would: prefer a charge of smuggling
against the doctor on his return and would
have him arrested for that offense.
The trouble for the doctor grows out of
the arrest' last Wednesday of Ar Mllthorp.
Dr. Holtms' assistant. Dr. Holmes had
a bolt cf silk th&t he wanted to get ashore
without paying the duty,* and the package
having been stopped by Inspector Enlow,
the doctor sent it on board again and re
quested Mllthorp to smuggle it ashore.
Mllthorp • concealed the : package en his
person and was arrested as he came down
the gangplank. Ho. explained that he was
only obeying tho orders of Dr. Holmes,
his superior officer, as was his duty, and
that If Dr. Holmes had commanded him
to strip *¦ and walk down the gangplank
with the roll of silk strapped to his abdo
men he would linve obeyed. Mllthorp was
released, yesterday on his own recogniz
ance. Mr. Banning thinks that Dr. Holmes
was the leal culprit and should be pun
ished.- v.
Dr. Kinyoun is also after Dr. Holmes.
He says the last named did ' not Inspect
the Grant on her trip, which lasted thirty
three days, whereas it was his duty to
have made a daily inspection.
BELIEVES NEVADA
MARRIAGES VOID
Wedlock Venture.
Donald J. Standish Files
Suit to Annul His Reno
J ¦.:¦'? | ":.',:'¦ ¦• --¦*'. .
Judge Troutfs recent decision declaring
"Nevada marriages" Illegal and void ha*
prompted Donald J. Standish to take ad
vantage of the law a5 thus construed to
rid himself of the responsibilities of mar
riage. Standish fl)e:l suit yesterday
against his wife. Pauline Standish, to an
nul their marriage on the ground that the
same is illegal by reason of the fact that
it was solemnized In Nevada within one
year from the date »if Mrs. Standlsh's
divorce from a former husband.
Standish alleges that his wife secured
a divorce from Clarence F. Rowand oh
June 13, 1900. On June 21 of the same year
he says he took the former Mrs. Rowand.
who had resumed her maiden name, Rog
ers, to. Nevada for the sole purpose of
evading the California law, and they were
married. He is now tired of his matri
monial venture and asks the court to de
clare his marriage Illegal, null and void,
though he admits he entered Into the mar
riage in good faith and went out of tlio
limit of the State '- for.-, the purpose ot
contracting a lawful • marriage, which he
admits was impossible within the 11mm
of this State.: Judge Murasky will try
the case. ¦ ••¦*¦
Daisy R. Fleishman was granted a di
vorce from Milton P. Fleishman yester
day on the ground of cruelty. Julius Well
was granted a decree annulling his mar
riage to Mathilde Well on statutory
grounds.
-Suits for. divorce wore filed yesterday
by Domlnico against Assunta de Rollcry
for desertion. "Viola G.' against Gideon 8.
Ely. for desertion.' Fannie against Manuel
Gonzalez for cruelty, Minnie against Her
man Burke for desertion; and Margaret
against Patrick Menlhan for failure to
provide. :5&8BBB&ti&
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUAEY 4, 1901.
ACTOR GOLDEN RETURNS
WITH "OLD JED PROUTY"
The Author Will Present His Famous Play on
. . Sunday at the Alhambra Theater.
5
I Tho Great January "Glean-UpSale"!
I Mevjr Offerings for Friday and Saturday .Winter Season Goods Must Go Now;\
i and Go Quickly. % \
I fe^ 31^ Safo Linen Sale. I A Plate Sale / o^n^p sale of sale of I
I Lames Neckwear. Cut of About One-Third. For Friday and Saturday. LaCO UU Ham S. nw—*ns*fsz *
¦^ i®\ To-day, Many broken lines, the accumulation of several A great special half-prlCC Sa'fo of About aoo half pain of Lace Curtains, assorted &r €?€#«• &J
$Sm$?^^ Friday,, months' busy selling, must be closed out to Decorated China .; Piates— -breakfast, drssert, patt;rng, heavy linen effect," Brussels effect, Jf
£ /ir$!lgi8&*j) V^e'* ~^\ ant l Satur- make room for our European importation of -»<*»ps^ Battsnberp, etc., 3^ yards long and trora O itlQ m OllSit*iet* Off* £
X fi-^^^^S&jY-'* " "V^/j dav if linenf, now en route. The co'lection in- ' t^. /f^^^^^y^Wy^^^^^^v to inches wide to be closed out on . jj
** vWrOT3 f; 5^''7 • c'.ud:s many very fins damask cloths without v^SJra^i > ,c5^V ¦ 1J8V 'aL Friday and Saturday at less than one-half **>^.^~- -m^i. t*~~ •'
• £ 7\Zh>-)r% - V q ilantlt >' napkins, remnants' -of damasks and old dozens /^M/\ W^I S1V Si tkeir rral Vilut.'eich rt^^Ts^l?^."!^?^^^^*-- "5
2" iV'VT^'V'-J lasts > we and halt dozens of napkins. PM^ "^^ H^= >f K~C* M 1 } W<'\ Zlfif* 4n Cf #1/1 ii #» 5
I JJMm^M- P laCCCn 5OC Beached Table Dama,k, 60 **£- W^^MMMt^ M SLOP- J^^h^g^!^^ f
*" -§ff^ sale more inch;s w ' dc> cut t0 *" Groceries —Liquors : *
I Kfi:^ th^ %5^Z£™l. D^ 6i '4aC -d butter, sauee and b.rr.vpl^.in a' FOt Friday Oniy. AYTA ' ft'* |
?* I'dilK. S^iv^S IOOO - :•- -I-.- ¦¦•¦:.*• lI' '" larg; variety ot shipes and decorations: the Damn—^Rpcr Pac orn Qnaar // \ fi J^ 7 V
* ISBfer 8m$B- Piecsof, 8 5f Bfctthed Table Damask, 7 z ~ J -.regular prices ar, fi^^ooto |6.boV' -?¦ P 6 ?,! taS « 3r /J \ K&J *
I' ffT*W WM& Ladies' * ' CUt tO - • * * • ' • ' • i. ***** dozen. On F.iday.and Saturday only the big Cured. . lb 15C 4 r.U^M^^^ *
*" i> f\, c", K.l, * Z r " do7Cn Bleached X tiHI jfRSb store otters them sing"v or in dozsn lots at PyVs Pear.inc— I-lb packaers, 3 for . . 2BO 2>\ < l^^tMiP^y^ "*
ft "- m V V? Dinner Napkins; cut to.. U**l£BvS**** Corn-New Sugar, 3 fns 25O £}-/ jj WRtW*M^' '' %
5J. \J Neck- gj/ Damask Cra,h Ro'.Iering, cut to £» _, maSHi Brr3z2®a Soao— Cudahv's Diamond C, regu!ar"y 5c bar, V ! *&&<&£&-; • •
V wear, perjarl; . & & " * __—__- 7 bars . . . .7. . . . 25O * \ ' *J \f" *• % S
f compr:s : ng broken lines and some $1 per dozen Fringe!. Napkins, all J£ag^ GiGan-Up Sale of ¦ Sar-dhe*— Clement brand, fin= imported goois, — — -j *dj*$S7 Bg *' £
I Ruffsand Band Bows, all at Half |^| J 6am^ bleach d cojo-d -tin, pulley and dog-collar, |ffl SSLt Scp^ \
I |^ IP lots cf Fine |?£f|gg ?.fo thl^Li BgS^P P|SSo ™ nt ~™ "^
j-g SocN-ckwear 2 SC Toweh etc.. ttOW mcuk'.d at to-day and Saturday, each. Gif-Tho^kgihh GiV, b^fad £ *Tt £Z Kerseys rnd Cov- *
tf f 1.00 X:ck»«r ' BOG Oe lll-Up priCCS. ,: &%*%* & Sons, England, to-day, per bottle . 7fio crs — th; mate- -J"
g J»- 50. Neckwear v/5° ~ : : ' ' : ria's are strictlv all X
» J2.00 Nrckwcar Sf.O n / ' -...ir' ;;-• -,? .... , , , •' c •
J. 52.50 Neckwear St. 25 , . wool, the linings a^d worKmansmp ot 3J
If fl.oo Neckwear'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. ','.'.'. ..$1,50 **3 S7 7"%?! 1 S7 T»tS* f^* & 43 *~f **X JflTh J^^9 f^% the very best and Ihe savrng to be niade j
* |6. 00 Neckwear..- S3.'*O U J&$&L *~m •* "a' ' ;v '-'' *' K * Jm^§& >^SX town wi e exact y qu or-
\ «-.;oN-kwear;..- $3.75 fdW &P& f,¥s**rl*d* /7* ' i<f* S ' dm$m mg th's sale. J
& Sio.co Neckwear $5.QO %/ mm M&M *LS * < *JaJ £"CS, £^£IM L<J 9 M&$Mm \^% M;n ' S A^' co] K ""y Overcoat; - Blue, M
£ €^Jijf * f & ~ ¦*- ~*> y i^l^W^SSu JiL b!ack or brown, either h-avy frr.Tier's sateen «J
\h $£•££$ OMi tttsMri tweak WiM^iM\
It Nw?ftif:s Worth Ua to r€^lPty/)i\j\ ' T \^\^^--NSwfe/ «
* $2.50 p»r yard for 78c. U/^#Pai V'h •* \- •, A ¦ '* i^T ¦ "S^S^^^
X We had 3 5 co yards of these choice H J WJu> M^&^MH^ ever >^ hln ? r ln theSS departments IS now k I wel!-ntthg, .tvlish outer L that we s 11 S
§ high-grade Novelty Silks on Wednes- J?} jPf deeply P"«-cut Come to-day if you can, but come any day /// rerJaT i y •„ $ t z. 5O — &g* *
A! • day morning; today we have le s than half ""/I A and you will find bg bargains. // v ;. »clean-u?" .de frk,. . ?»-OO JJ
I j^ that quantity, and there will probably not be f\ . $5 to Jio Jackets, clean- «-. f*7'5O an J J>3° Long Autom^bilis, /7J ¦ Boys' Vestee Suits — A special lot, consisting «J-
j Sfc' a yard left at closing time to-morrow night; J \ ' up-price j?«9««7d clean-up price.... ~9 rr ,_»¦ j^- ' of a'!-wool cheviots and cass'meres in fancy *J
I j& they came from oni: of the most prominent A a . V\. * f . x g ,j 2O j ac | cetc m&M9 1 /O /*^#7TFO^??T\!\\\ mixtures and blurs, handsome double-breasted \g
Ifg jobbing housrs h th- countn-, and the 5ale /\\ R k fi\ cleaVup 'price ' S3 ,35 * 12 S ° t0 $ ' S Tai ''° r <£-* Off t*MOT/i'V W/SST iHk wit; •'«« f,r boy. 3 ta loyean; good •*
\ K I rice is but a fraction of their real value; there / W/J S\' VJ ...... -v Dresses, e'eao-up prce & M . if iJ valoeat $6.50; on special J&S7 G& M
\tl are abiut 120 different patterns, all good styl- !>' f-2-S°».* 2 5 stl °rt Automabiles, clean- |i8 and Sao -Ta'lcr Dresses, e'ean- '^UflgS&iiy^ sale Friday and Saturday, qpnr'* irO °X
i a," ish colorings of Striped TafTita?, Satin Strires, *¦ — *^V_^*J up piice M»m -.„ no price ••*»•»«»«• V •*
!g Cor 'ed Strips, Silid Color F,i s: EtTects, • &S&.95 .'. .....&b3*5Q — J
|5 SmrlJ 2 cqu a rlD ; s : gns ) Prnt.-dWji ? Eff.-cts; | 2 c.oo to J35.00 Tailor' fQ __ |6. 5 o to $9.50 Ladi«' ~. - o - S 1. 00 Color d SKk Ci P , fur ttinmed, --, /ir^-« ttA C«#« 5
;&* also a tew black and w h.te noveltirs; these Dresse.', clean-up r^ce .... &M i$ . 75 Mackintoshes, clean-up price £&***95 cut to. 5OC JaitUarV GleBEI-Up O3/G X
II domS^^^d^'f^f^d^O $5oo Short fnd Long Skirts, _ . '- __ \ 51.5, Colored SUk B»n«tt, cut f __ P/SOSi'S Neckwear. •«
jS «taait$i. l5f $MO l $i. 7 : i clean-up pnee... &J.H-O UndarmU*ttn'Qiaan-Ua t0 <tfU Nearv z,-° Rets cf \ 5«
V >...ooand.< 1 . 5 o P ery B a..-/8C 56. ,0 t,, 5S- ?o Short and Long UMlQrimMSUn MOan-Up $J1QO T^ T . Miie SuVy (or M^r.'s Neck- Z
J. the special sale price only Skirts, clean-up pnee 9 m^mmfSM SatOm '-¦- ays 8 ml 10, cut to n9%9m%J%M w*»3»*» let over from p,. 3f\ J
ft* ! and |io.oo Short and QCZ Baby Dres«3 o f fine or- -«_' |2.oo A'l-Wool Drrs e?, line J, — **K the ho'iday sales, some of
g Long Skirt*, dein-up price. . ¦§>£?»"*> gandy, cut to $Afwd ages x to 4, cut to &M.2G& them slightly soil-d from *m. *
V A SpOCI3l SafG Of $ t . 75 to $i.z 5 FJannel Wa-su, o _ $ 5 . 50 Infants' Rne Lawn L«e tsy — — _ -H\^ handling and window dis- /M «
X LadiG«*' ShOGSm clean-n? price &3.nfS> Trimmed Dresses, cut to. .. *&*£.53& -..„«-,.- n _, _» P "'- ' , P . Jk '.' __ X
i to ?Z?JL, tJt ' MM^ ttl si 63 $^° Fin: ™™ k Gui r &2 00 M '- gmer y T*""*' 7$&&g& «9 *
% pm we .offer about 250 iffi^ clean-uppr.ee &B.V& Drres, ages 4 v«n, cut to. &£.UU Tm , M i Knery> Brfasts> Pomp , n ,, Shap^, WJar cut to. O C 2','^ •«
pairs Lades' Stylsh V 4 ci W//i $3foa nd 13-SO Flannel Wast*, J4. 50 Fine Pique Dresses, em- -^ o Rn Hats, 200 large Hack, white q Jill --» Abou-- vioa &OV** lUI '• >*• *&b " X
J Kid Shoe?, clotb, kid or ; * \0M tltan - u P P nce ;.&^m*& i-roidery t.itimed, cut to. .. •&2.&U Breast Effects, were 25c, cut to. .. MUG TfTCKanti Ruff W}%'W *
j> silk vestng top>, lace or /flf*^M I5.00 and $6.00 Silk and Wool | a . 50 Plain Piqu? Dresses, to 4 -^ * «^ 150 two-toned Qu'll Pompon>, doxen in bunch, Scsrfs— Our re^a- ''•?*'• 7 'x
A « button stvle, ma^e on the f^'m^A Waists, dean-up price &<&.&& \ ears, cut :o £Sj £«£}&? wer . 75c— now (prr bunch) cut „ br 25c goo 's, in li^h: f^K&*J\ •*
U l.trst style coin toe last?, -^-ff/^'ly $*--5 and 5'-5° Flannelette Wrap- 35c Tennii FJannrI Skirt— <ut to _ to #S£J and dark rattein , a'f in "5
I ;r- r ° m wi^ MmS P-, cl f an-u P price 35C ...I .thl -~.,i. y . ? , feet condition - on /^f|§\ §
S L. "a to E /** l ypS |i.75 Fann f 'ette Wrappers, |i. 00, 85c and 65c Cor.xt Cpwn, -^^ 75 c and $1.00 P :r bunch-cut to. 25C f lU ! Me g
I ?¦ , . ( . tO L > J clean-up piice &S S 2!3 mixed let— cut to. &UG Saturday— each JJ— , *2
\i 3SX «^ 5 '•""„ , « S
12* only.. ..„• rfffc-tf tRfo e'ean-uppnee... 9li¥O e-nbroidcry— cut to. ZOG Also 500 pieces Men's Ncckwoar x
\K ....'.*.".'."!!.'.'!."."!.".'! %pMm&%3 $4-00 to $5.00 Underskirts,^- _ £2.75 E'egant Nainraok Gowns, m _ _ $15.00 Imported Hits GH JtgZ in light and dark patterns in pretty drsigns,
J- :H-;*^ e'ean-up price Z&jCm&S* lace imertion— cut tj. S&0,£<& -5P#5«^^*» which includes all of our 50c, 1 1. 00 and •»
I Ti^d Covers. t '3U c fc. <^»I.(W »&<ZLS^S,.75 ~~.<±*:—..9TM g^SjSg^g »
j j£ Less than 100 of them left; pretty tinted ! : " low specal price tor Ft iday and 4Qf% J*
jf Table Covers 36 inches square, made Emporium OTSBBE HflnAMB 1 Saturday-., h. . # |
tf o l nice qua.ity ot heavy satren; red, green and COH^Prt"* M Bvm mv^3^fc^ ffl WB I jfrmS SiiahtiV Oxford MufiICl*S—S"*Y ot our
b!u: ground, in a large assortment cf designs; _ ~^ m BuBsS-. JJrtlfHiH B[1^ |m IB j ffsfftjg? Oa*y/ft Jr <i.co grades in fancy patrirns, with white "J
* thrv a-.- worth at least 35c e 1C h— our specinl KCSUmBZ gSPSH* SknwS JWgJ DamaffCa qui tei silk lining— f-t"t from the Christmas X
g price Friday and Saturday, if SatUriiay Oo8<tfl<&n'H^BlB^ Ba2AAr. ™ ToyS at stock and marked ta close on i»« jj
tf "J 11111^ :asts /V/gr/ff . CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. Half PHce. Fri la - v " d Sltur<fav a: *#&** J
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
Epicure's Deiight SI
Articles cooked with |
"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for j,j
Shortening and Frying!
Absolutely Free from Animal |
Matter. |
Bread made with "KO-NUT'* §
In place of lard is delicious and B
keeps frssh.
Ask Your Grocer or Write. £
India Refining Co., I
Philadelphia. I
WJ L2*M]N A V^lMmL ]ft3 _ raf y J
1SS1. Consultation W% ;
and private book • \-H'*' ix-Xs
free, at office or by TiMll |5QkJ
mall. Cures guar- VVWTjvSi*^**
antepd. 7!J 1 Mar- *sMfcHi.'*lSM
ket street (elevator .
entrance), San A V ,f^SaB&k.
Francisco. . [ > *^F t^V-^HracSK
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. OLEET3.
STItlCTUIlKS and anal >kou3 complaints at tha
Organs of Generation.
I'rice $1 a bottle. For sale by druggiata.
Weekly Call, $1 per Yea?
____ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vg'ood/
\piano £
in -*ttmm tt hj^k /9BK23S9R2&
fcirrtaizlj
Pia.no j
sale
From $50 to $125 saved on I
every piano you buy of us 3
while the sale is on.
"A special lot bought at a '
. special price especially to sell I j
at this special sale. |
From Chickerinfcs down —
and all pood. }
Yes, pay in monthly install- j
.rr.ents if you choose. A little 1
. down and a little every month.
We'll agree to any reasonable
arrangement regarding the
P av - p
But remember the leader ot.. *
the lot sells for cash. It's a
I wonderfully good pidno for &
j 5 the money, elegantly finished. K
E£ The price is
& each.
I BenjGurtaz.
1 16-20 OTarrell ft
' PAINLESS
R^^s^f m " Kc ° slove -
H^gfgSjS*'*' hll K. L. WALSH
-*-~""^ 1^ tzi% GBART STREET
Between Hyde asd Idtrkln.
Polk 112S.
THE EMPOBIUM.
A . great two : step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, .will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— -do
not fail to get it.¦ The county officers of Alameda have reached th?
interesting conclusion that they are earning larger
salaries than they are receiving. It is also significant
* that the other people in the county do not share this
An anarchist declared a few days ago that
if occasion demanded he would not hesitate to kill
President McKinley. This is probably one way the
. fellow had of giving his assurance that he W2s
ready to meet a sudden deathi •
Once more, for the hundredth time, perhaps, the
Board of Public Works has been accused of serious
derelictions. It is not unlikely that Mayor Phelan
-organized the board as it is in order to make it the
• kicking block o'f his administration.
If all the splendid pictures of moral, mental and
physical health painted by the worthy educators who
• zre now among us were realities we would lose that
sopthing hope which is founded in the faith of ideals.
Most of our work would have been done.
When Martin Kelly announced that he owns the
San Francisco delegation to the Assembly, will handle
it, manipulate it and dictate its policy, he must have
reached the conclusion that there is in San Francisco
"more than one man whose reputation is not worth
more than a dollar.
Chicago is deep in the discussion of the municipal
ownership of street railways, and a commission, or
ganized for investigation, has urged the adoption of
the project. The history of legislation in Chicago
suggests that somebody must be striving to frame a
New Year's gift for the local legislators of the town.
The facility with which Chinese who have not es
tablished their right to be in this country have been
escaping from the detention shed of the Pacific Mail
Dock suggests that the ring of lawyers, exposed by
The Call, is taking a new road to accomplish that in
which it was once thwarted. Perhaps an occasional
prosecution of a Pacific Mail officer might prove to
oe a remedy.
upon to enforce their rights, and in that case the
United States will have to determine whether or no
it will support Cuba or leave her alone to deal with
the powers as best she can. It is of course well under
stood no considerable number of the American people
would be willing to see Cuba coerced by a European
alliance, and consequently it is argued we are likely
to be involved in difficulties that will in a. measure
force us to something very much like the annexation
of the island. At least we may have to establish a
protectorate, and with that will be established cer
tain internationaLresponsibilities we cannot shirk.
Another authority surmises from the vague reports
given out that the claims refer in part at least to the
so-called '"Cuban debt" contracted by Spain for the
government of the island. That debt was guaranteed
by Spain at the time the money was obtained, but at
the treaty of Paris an effort was made by the Spanish
Commissioners to get the United States to assume th«
debt, or to guarantee that Cuba should assume it.-
As neither/ of those obligations Avas accepted by our
Commissioners, we of course cannot be held to as
sist the claimants in any way to recover what they
believe to be due them.
The supposition that the claims are of that char
acter is strengthened to some extent by a recent state
ment of the Spanish Finance Minister, to the effect
that while the Cuban debt question was not settled by
the treaty, of Paris, and while Spain has neither af
firmed nor denied that the debt went with the island
and is due by Cuba, yet the duty is imposed upon
Spain of /"negotiating, when the opportunity, comes,
with a view that these burdens should ultimately b
laid, as justice demands, on,the resources of the cSeded
territory, which Spain, in the legitimate exercise of
her sovereignty, mortgaged for the payment of the
same."
If the etairrji presented to our Government turn
out to be no more than those of holders of Cuban
debt bonds iswed by the Spanish Government, ths
DUR Government is said to have received in
quiries from subjects of Britain, Germany
, ; /and France concerning certain claims against
Cuba, and, while the nature of them has not been
fully disclosed by the State Department, it is believed
in some quarters they may amount to a serious issue.
It does not appear that thus far the Government of
either France,»>Britain or Germany has interfered in
the matter. It is merely a question on the part of
individuals whether or no our Government will exert
its influence to indue* Cuba to pay the claims, or
whether the United States will itself be responsible
In one presentation of the case it is argued that
if Cuba, as an independent state, refuses to deal justly
with the claimants, their Governments will be called
CLAIMS AGfllNST CUB0.
WAR'S capricious fortune was strikingly illus
trated by the fact that on Wednesday the dis
" patches from London announced first that
Field Marshal Roberts had been welcomed by the
Queen with all the honors due to a successful general
in a great war; and, second, that the foe, so far from
being vanquished, has taken the aggressive and is
now actually threatening the British capital in South
Africa. Roberts thus obtains glory and an earldom
for a triumph which has not yet been accomplished,
and Kitchener is struggling in far-off South Africa
to justify the reward received by another.
Some time ago a dispatch from London announced
that Roberts would be received with greater honors
than had been shown to Marlborough or Welling
ton. That of course .was an exaggeration. There is
considerable difference between the earldom and the
moderate fortune conferred on Roberts and the duke
doms and splendid estates granted to the victorious
commanders at Klenheim and Waterloo. Nor, with
the embarrassments of the \\;ar still fretting their
minds, is it at all likely that either the Government
or the people feel much like receiving Roberts with
a genuine enthusiasm. They have welcomed him, of
course, for the people have been glad to ''hail I their
only general who achieved victory in South Africa,
and the Ministry is well pleased to have him at home
to take charge of the army and relieve the War De
partment of further responsibility; but, after all, that
kind of a welcome does not rank in the same clas3
with the tumultuous outbursts that greet a hero who
returns from a victory" which has ended a war and
established peace.
In contrast with the fortune of Roberts, Kitchener
has had hardly anything but misfortune in South
Africa. In no single instance has he attained any
brilliant or notable success. He is left to the dreary
task of pursuing the swift traveling Boers and of
wreaking vengeance here and there by burning farm
houses. His efforts thus far have been futile. The
burning of homesteads has had no other effect than
that of making the people more bitter than ever
against the empire, and his attempts to head off Dewct
have resulted in the capture by the Boers of troop
after troop of his scattered forces.
In the meantime the British taxpayer is doubtless
thinking less of either Roberts. or Kitchener than, of
the increasing taxes the war has entailed. When the
struggle began Parliament in a burst of enthusiasm
voted $50,000,000 to defray the cost of it. . That sum
was soon expended, and up to the time of the disso
lution of the late Parliament more than $346,000,000
had been added to it. A large portion of the expenses
will be paid out of current revenues and war taxes,
but .more than $220,000,000 is to be raised by loans.;
The v financial experts of the country are discussing
how to provide additional taxes to supply the re
quired revenue, and to taxpayers generally that dis
cussion; is more interesting, than the reports of skir
mishes'and petty fights in; South Africa. Kitchener,
therefore, has very little opportunity to win glo«y.
It appears he has been left in more senses than one.
ROBERTS AND KITCHENER.
Every American should be proud of the just part
our- Government has had in bringing about this re
sult, and of the persistent patience, with which its
view was made to dominate the situation.
Unless a breach of the peace come from that source
the world may expect a successful conclusion of the
trying affair," and if the result be characterized by
justice, unstained by icvenge, all concerned can af
ford to wait for it patiently.
With peace and restoration of government there,
the negotiations for a final settlement can go on at
leisure. Meantime the more militant missionaries
need watching. They inzy attempt to return to the
Mk3dle Kingdom, where their rights rest upon for
eery, and when there to stir up more trouble in the
interest of their policy, which is the^ division of
China. This should not be permitted, and the repre
sentatives of the Governments should insist that re
ligion and diplomacy be kept apart until the terrible
issues already raised" by zeal that had no discretion
shall be settled.
In other words, acceptance of the protocol brings
reace to China, the thing most to be desired by her
and by the reasonable world outside.
protocol, but such it is, and no doubt was intended
to be by the United States. Its prompt acceptance
will put an end to th; raids for murder and robbery
in which Count Walderset has been pleased to in
culge, and will stop further outbreaks of the Chinese
themselves by reviving the power of their own Gov
ernment to govern.
TO a believer in justice to all men and all na
tions there is something amusing in the funk
of the European powers over Chinas calm ac
ceptance of the preliminary note. Perhaps the other
actions did not consider that note as equivalent to a
CHINESE DIPLOMACY.
PROPOSED CARD.
J60'=36 division*.
1 divisional!)*.
% divisions 6*.
U dlvision= J.5\
Graduated circle Is marked In degrees con
tinuously to the tight from 0* at north to
860* at north again.
Tha fifth division la CO', a multiple ot 10*.
Tho thirteenth division la ISO*, a multiple
of 10*.
The course is 162*.
Easterly deviation Is always additive to
compass course to get magnetic
"Westerly deviation la always subtractlve
from compass course to get magnetic.
PRESENT CARD.
S60'=22 points.
. 1 polnt=U.25\
*A points 6.625'.
% point= 2.8125'.
Graduated circle is marked In degrees in
each quadrant, from 0* at north and south
to 90* at east and west.
The fifth point Is NE. by B. or N. 86* M B.
The thirteenth point la BE. by 8. or B 83'
% B. -
The course Is 8. 18* E. or S. by E. % E.
Easterly deviation Is additive in tha NE.
and SW. Quadrants; mbstractlve in the SB.
and KW. Quadrants, to compaea course to get
magnetic.
Westerly deviation la subtractlve In NE.
and SW. Quadrants; additive In SB. and
XW. quadrants, to compass course to get
magnetic. •
-Jta line with the . proposed card, tha compass, rose on the chart should be
marked from 0' at north continuously to the right to 30°, omitting the present sys
tem of points. The sailing directions should give courses and bearings in degrees.
and not In points. The azimuth tables would require enly a change in the rules'
given at the bottom of the page, as follows:
When the latitude and declination are of the same or contrary name:
In north latitude the azimuth is the tabulated value when the time is a. m.
In north latitude the azimuth Is 360* minus the tabulated value when the time
is p. m.
In south latitude the azimuth is ISO 9 minus the tabulated value when the time
is a. m.
In south latitude the azimuth is 180° plus the tabulated value when the tlm©
is p. m.
It is believed that the proposed markings of the compass card would result
in greater accuracy in navigation in its relation to the compass. Courses would
bp laid In degrees and more, accurately noted, as the approximate course of S"W
by W. }i*"W. "a little westerly," for example, would be replaced by the exact
course of 240 s . Chances of error in the application of the deviation to compass
courses would b« lessened. Conversion of points into degrees and the reverse
would be eliminated from the problem. Boxing the compass would be a matter of
a few minutes' Instruction to the layman of average Intelligence. Sailing direc
tions would be simplified. All work in relation to the compass would ba facil
itated.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
. .-¦*- \
Mrs. Spenders — Oho! here's an account
of another bookkeeper who has stolen
thousands of dollars. Mr. Spenders— Well ?
"Well, you always object to the woman !n
business; do you suppose a woman book
keeper would do that?" "She'd have no
excuse, not having an extravagant wifa
to support, for Instance."
"I wonder," mnsed the inoolsltive man.
"If there is really anything about the
Filipino insurgent so barbarious as some
people would make out." ""Well." re
marked the precise Bostonlan. "could
anything possibly be more barbarous than
that word 'gentr
"They tell me," said the soft shell crab,
"that you were always wls* beyond your
years."
"I early learned," responded the lobster,
"that dissipation is a losing game. I
avoided excesses, and thus kept myself
out of hot water.
"But," the crab persisted, "did you not
!n the greenness of youth ever long for
the payer life?"
"There was no such period."* said the
lobster with a little sign. "I had no salad
days."
And h« palnfnlly rattled away on hi»
rheumatic claws.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palac© Hotel.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In nre-etched boxes or Jap.- bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frlenda.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1041 •
Th© problem, how to strike^ a cypher on
the old State House b«ll in Philadelphia
to indicate the Incoming of 1901. has been
solved by a plan that omits striking It.
The bellrlnger will make nineteen stroke*,
then pause and then strike a heavy sin
gle stroke! There is a double significance
In this. It Indicates th* centnry. twen
tieth, and 1901.
A OAT SEASON la promla«d at Hotel da!
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.. this wlnttr with a
Jolly houseful, an export g-olf totzrnament. meet-
Ing ot field trials club, huntlcx. Cshlny. boat-
IBS, danclcs. etc.
An experimental power rarba?* crema
tory Is to be built In Chicago. Tfc© Idea
in mind is to ascertain whether tha heat
developed by burning th« city's garbaga
can be utilized to make an adequate re
turn upon the capital invested. This plan
Is In operation In several European cltt«d
of smaller size.
THE United States Hydrographic Office has decided that a simplified com-*
pass Is a necessity of the new century. It considers the "points" superflu
ous and suggests a much simpler contrivance, which it claims will give
better results. In order to. obtain the opinion of shipmasters the world
over It has Issued a circular accompanied by a dlagTam of the ne«r com- «
pass and a copy 0/ teach has been furnished or will be furnished to every ' ship
captain in United States ports. Every captain -will be aaked to forward his
opinion on the proposed change, and if the majority are favorable to It, then
Uncle Sam will adopt the new compass for use on all American vessels.
The proposed card Is illustrated In the accompanying drawing to ecale. and
corresponds in dimensions with the present United States % : navy standard 7Vi-inch
compass card. \
The circumference of the card Is divided Into the usual 360 degrees and
marked continuously to the right, from 0' at north to SO 3 at east, ISO' at south,
270° at west, and 3C0» at north. V -"^:,
The card Is subdivided as follows:
(a) Into divisions of 10 degrees, accentuated by hea.vy lines on;the graduated
rim, and by suitable geometric figures on the card, each 10-degree division of the
card being indicated in figures by Its appropriate number from 0* or north.
(b) Each lO-degree division of the card is further subdivided into half and
quarter divisions and appropriately marked.
(c) Every fifth-degree line of the graduated circle between the 10-degree di
visions Is marked In figures, Indicating Its appropriate number from 0* or north.
(d) The cardinal and intercardlnal directions are emphasized on' the card In
geometric figrures.
The present card contains points and degrees. The conversion of on© Into tha
other is a natural result of the presence of both, but Is not a necessity, as
would speedily be recognized were the points omitted. Accuracy requires expres
sion in degrees for courses, bearings and compass errors, and not In points, the
uso of which is but a dupUcation of work.
A comparison of a few leading features of the present system with that pro
posed Is given below:
BY the decision of the Supreme Court on Friday
in the case of the Societe Italiana di Mutua.
i Beneficenza against the city and county of San
Francisco, the ordinance of 1897 prohibiting the
burial of the dead in the City or Golden Gate Ceme
tery was upheld, and it appears the. way; is now cleai
for closing all cemeteries within the city limits and
thus bringing about a reform which has long been
needed. (
In the particular case before the court the ordi
nance was upheld on a double count. The lots in the
City Cemetery occupied, by the society had been
granted to it by a former Board of Supervisors, and
the court, in upholding the ordinance prohibiting
further burials there, declared first that the Supervisory
had no right to grant land in the cemetery to a pri
vate corporation, as. the tract in question had been
turned over to them by an act of Congress; and,
secondly, that the Supervisory have the right to pass
any ordinance for the good of the community. It is
the second point of the decision which is of most im
portance to the city, for it'appears to sustain the right
and authority of the Supervisors to close all ceme
teries within the city limits whenever the good of the
community can be served by such action.
The question of closing the cemeteries has been
leng before the public, and all who are interested in
it are familiar with the arguments on both sides. It
is therefore not necessary to go over the subject
again. Suffice it to say that those who desire to bring
about the prevention of further burials within the
city limits have no intention to desecrate the graves
of the dead or in any way to offend the tendcrest
respect of the living for the resting-places of their
loved ones. The plan for preventing further burials
is nothing more than the following of a precedent
which has been adopted by every civilized city in the
world where intramural cemeteries exist. The old
order of things has been changed partly because the
increase of population has rendered it necessary, and
partly because modern science has disclosed the fact
that the burial of the dead within a crowded city in-
At the time the cemeteries in this city were estab
lished they- were remote from the habitations of the
people. It was not then foreseen that in a few years
the growth of population and the extension of street
car lines would soon expand the residence districts
far beyond those comparatively remote localities.
What was unexpected by the pioneers has happened.
The cemeteries are now surrounded by homes, and
they block the expansion of the city in districts that
are among the most desirable for residence purposes.
Sooner or later they will have to be closed against
further burials, and the sooner the reform comes the
better it will be.
CLOSING THE CEMETERIES.
FRIDAY JANUARY 4. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
A&trtti All CoBB&cktticss to W. 8. LEAEE, Manager.
M\XACr.K> OFFICE Trleplione* Pr«« 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... MarkeTaml Third. S. F.
Telephone Prcsn 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS!. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»j- Carrier*. 15 Cen<» Per WeeU.
Single CopieR. S Cento.
Term* I»y >Infl. Including: rontnc"
DAILY CALI, (including Sunday), cue year 5«.W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months „.. 1.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday). S months 1.S9
" DAILT CAIX-Ey Single Month «3?
ECXDAY CALL. One Year 1.68
WEEKLY CALL* One Year 1.08
All postmaster* are anthorlzed to receive
•mbacrlptionii.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ma.ll rubeerlberr In ordering chanc* of address should I*
particular to e:lv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to :csure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLVM) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEOItGE KROGXESS.
Kacigtr Foreign Afvcrticixig. Xarasetta Building-. Chic»gu,
(Licr-s Distance Telephone "Central rtlJ.")
• XKVC YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
iTEPOEX It. SMITH 30 Tribune BnildlnK
NETV YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. lirentano, SI fnlon Square:
Murray H1U HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebennan House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASOIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. X. W.
MORTOX B. CllA.VK, Correspondent.
nn.i\Cn OFFICES :rr Mcntgoroei-y. corner of Clay. op»n
until J:S3 o'clock. 300 Hayes, cpen until »:30 o'clock. 633
g McAllister, cpen ur.til S 30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
t:3> o 1 clock. 1MI 3Jis*icn. open until 10 o'clock. £2S1 Market
«rner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
until S o'clock. :P« Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NVT. cor
ner Twer.ty-reccr.il and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
It is announced; without a blush, that Kelly forced
his delegation to action as a forestalling move, and
to influence the country members, who, he says, "pre
fer the creation of a nucleus." He was engaged in
nucleus making, then, for the benefit of the country
members. He thinks they will "not desert the com
bination of Los Angeles and San Francisco."
Looking to the welfare of the State and the good
repute of the Republican party, we warn the country
members against any combination that is formed. by
Kelly. He is a man with no politics and no con
ception of principles. When he can make a better
bargain for spoils with a Democratic candidate he be
trays the Republican party and defeats it if he can.
His treacheries of this kind are recent — so recent that
his henchmen yet display their "duds" secured by
salaries won in the enjoyment of Democratic patron
age. Let the country members reflect, for a moment,
upon what would have happened had it been an
nounced last October that Boss Kelly would "create
a nucleus" and make "a combination" that would
make him the owner of the Speaker of the House!
Every man in the State knows that not a Republican
representative could have been elected in San Fran
cisco or Los Angeles. The people of the two coun
ties do not elect members for any such purpose. They
don't want a Speaker tagged and labeled, "I am the
chattel property of Martin Kelly."
While Kelly was occupied in creating a nucleus
t one member objected. He knew that he and his col
leagues were elected for a public purpose and not for
the private use of Boss Kelly. He was promptly
called a liar and knocked down by one of Kelly's men.
After that no one ventured to object. Such an ap
peal to reason was irresistible, and the member who
provoked it went forth for lotions and court plaster,
to repair the damages sustained from one of Kelly's
arguments.
We are curious to know what such gentlemen as
McKinlay, Horace Davis, William R. Davis and Re
! publicans of their kind all over the State think of
Martin Kelly's nucleus. They are the kind of men
! put forward in campaigns to advocate the principles
: of the party and to conjure in its name, as represent
| ing its quality and the character of citizenship that
| prefers it. Suppose, again, that in the last campaign
! they had been silent, and Martin Kelly, John C
| Lynch, E. M. Buckley, Jere Burke and Eddie Con
i roy had been sent out on the stump to uphold Re
publicanism! Does any one believe there would have
been a two-third Republican majority in the Legisla
ture?
Why should not the men whose character com
mends the party to the voters be considered leading
' Republicans after the election? Why should their
j influence cease as soon as the votes are counted, and
i Martin Kelly step out as the dictator of the party, the
I beneficiary of its victor)' and the owner in fee of its
House of Representatives? The country members
j hope that this is not the last Republican victory in
| California. They want a future for themselves and
their party. They don't want its epitaph to be:
Died of Martin
Kelly's Nucleus.
CITY politics has always been considered in this
country a hard formation, but it is doubtful
whether it ever showed harder. than in Kelly's
bossing of the job in San Francisco.
If the delegation from this city, of its own mind,
judgment and- will, chose to take the somewhat un
usual step of unanimously supporting a canflidate for
Speaker of the House, the comment would run as an
objection to forestalling the action of the caucu§*«f all
the members of that bod}-. But when the delegation
coes not act of its own mind, will and judgment, but
meets merely to indorse Boss Kelly's selection for
Speaker, the action has in it more serious features. It
means simply that Kelly desires to own the Speaker,
the committees and the machinery of the House. To
say that the people whose votes made the immense
Republican majority in this city cast those votes to
enable Boss Kelly to own a Speaker and control the
House would be to utter fantastic, nonsense." The
.members of the Uou5.e hold a trust for the people,
and are not the tools end trustees of Kelly. If they
act as his agents they betray the people. .^1 •
SWIPE LEADERSHIP.
South Africa, so that he cannot be heM
responsible for this unexpected setback.
Kitchener, his auccessor, will have to
bear the brunt of It, and the man who a
short time ago was the pet hero of tha
English people, will soon discover that
he la not above criticism. Thousands
who were applauding him will now con
demn him. For each disaster to the sol
diers of the Queen, the British people have
sought a scapegoat, and even Kitchener,
with all his past successes, cannot hopo
to escape the fate of his predecessors. —
BALTIJIORE AMERICAN.
How to Suppress the Boers.
British war veterans In London have
evolved In the comfortable corners of
their clubs a new method of putting an
end to the war In South Africa. Summed
up briefly, their plan is to suppress the
Boera by suppressing: the newa of fight
ing. The war la over, they say. but Lord
Roberts does not know it. He should pro-
Claim a state of peace and quit Issuing
dally bulletins of military movements and
British casualties. A strict censor. In
their opinion, could do more than the
army of 200.000 men which Lord Roberta
has Just asked to have reinforced by somo
20.UOO more soldlers.-PIlILADELPHrA
NORTH AMERICAN.
No Divorce Law. . *.',
South Carolina Is the only State la th*
Union, we are told, which has no divorce
law, and the people aro very proud of the
fact. There Is a clause in th» constitu
tion forever refusing 1 the ruptur© of the
marriage ties by the courts. When people
In South Carolina pot married they do so
with the- full knowledge that it 13 a life
long contract, and thai the tie is Indisso
luble. The knowledge of thl3 fact, hotv
ever. necessarily makes people more care
ful how they take upon themselves tho.
vows of matrimony, and bo fax as ths
State of South Carolina is concerned, it
appears that the law has been eminently
successful. There may bs under this law
some cases of hardship, but there are such
cases under almost overy good law.—
RICHMOND TIMES.
Stronger Thau Ever.
The country has Just passed through an
exciting political campaign, and the cry
was raised that the republic was In dan
ger: that there were conspirators whn
were plotting to overthrow It and set
up an empire. But Senator Daniel, a
Southern Democrat, says that we aro the
most thoroughly unified of the great na
tions; that our peopie understand each
other better than, thev have done. ar.J
consequently they have more hearty fe*!-
InKs of friendship and sympathy for each
other than they ever had. These are the
words of Daniel, the statesman, and t'r.>-y
are th© words of truth. They can b« de
pended upon, and they ara reassuring.
we are the strongest of nations, as ho
says, and we are strong because In unlGn
there is strengrth. The country is sate
and the republic will iive forever. — RICH
MOND TIMES.
Lucky "Bobs."
Fortunate is it for Lord Roberts that
he has been relieved of the command In
Stage on Sunday.
New York does not desire Sundays Ilk©
those in foreign cities. In which the after
noons are given up to sports of every
imaginable kind and every theater Is open
in the evenings. In this city and this
country generally the afternoons ana
evenings of six days in the week should
suffice for the homes of theatrical amuse
ment. It is unjust to the players anrl
singers to ask them to work on Sundays.
Public sentiment In thia city and State
is undeniably hostile to the stage on one
day out of seven, nnd the police should
enforce the laws.—NEW ?0RK TKIB
UNR.,
Old and Nevtr Creeds.
A creed is but the •jxpression of what
men believe about the truth. A3 that be
lief changes the accepted formulas chang.;
also. And the men capable of drafthv-r
vita! creeds, know that every creed, oid
or new, Is but an attempt to comprehend
in a form of words the big truths which
no form of words Is large enough to in
clude. A change In the point of view
shows the truth from a different side ami
any statement of that phase, of the truth
must be compared with the statements
of other phases else we shall fail to com
prehend what has already been discovered
about truth.— BROOKLYN EAGLE.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
solution of the problem so far. as we are-concerned
will be simple. We will neither pay them "ourselves
nor urge Cuba- to pay them. Spain obtained the
money mainly for the purpose; of conquering Cuba,
and the Spanish, must pay. There is, however, a pos
sibility that among, the claims are" some founded upon
a just obligation of the Cubans, and consequently the.
problem may be as serious as is suspected by those of
our contemporaries who" see in the issue the first step
toward the development of an international situation
which will in a manner force the United States to
consent to the annexation of Cuba.
An Artistic Grouping for the Foster-
ing of Estheticism.
A new institution, called the School or
College of Esthetics, and also the "Aca
demy of the Beautiful, has been founded
in Paris, by a young literary, man/ M. de
Bouheller. - - H13 object ." la - to * unite on a
common ground poets, painters, sculptors,
musicians/ and all. who are interested in
the beautiful in t art. ' M. Zola" has been
nominated honorary president of the new
establishment, and he. writes a character
istic letter, to the secretary, D.-L. Blond,
giving his views . on the new foundation.
In the first place, the novelist . remarks
that ¦ he ' does " not believe In esthetic In
struction of -any kind, being convinced
that genius grows and develops by itself.
As the new college, however, does not in
tend - to ¦ impose i rules and regulations on
Its students or members, but only to group
them , together ' and ¦ encourage them | in an
atmosphere of sympathy . and . enthusiasm,
M.:Zola gives hies hearty support to. the
undertaking.— New York Evening Post.
COUjEGE OF THE BEA.TJTIFTJI*.
PREMIUM DIMES-M. E. E., City
The United States dimes for which deal
ers offer premium are those of 1796, 1797
1798, 1800, 1S01-2-3-4-5-7-8-11-14-22-28 with
large date if well preserved, and 1848.
FIRST CORONATION - Subscriber,
Oakland. Cal. The first coronation of a
Christian sovereign was in 457. when Leo
I was crowned EmDetor of toe East bv
Anatollus; patriarch of Constantinople.
Majorian is said to have been crowned
Emperor of the West in a similar man
ner in that year^
GASES— J. 8. B., Guernevilla. Cal. Ac
cording to Gould in the "Dictionary of
Medicine" nitrous oxide gas has a BDociflc
11 ? 2 r l-°«, and according to a table
published by Samuel Hughes in Mus
pratt's chemistry the specific gravity of
coal gas is .398 to .675, accordfng to the
quality of gas used.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS— E., City. The
words "the act of May, 1900, among other
things provides for an extension of in
come to widows pensioned under said act
to $250 per annum" in President McKln
ley's message, mean that under the act a
widow who is receiving a pension may
JS^fi? annu * 1 income of J250 Instead of
ensfon endan S ertn * h «" right to such
TELEGRAPH OPERATORS— M. E A.
City. To be a telegraph operator a per
son must study telegraphy, have a good
ear to catch the sound of the ticker to
receive messages and have ability to send
quickly and correctly. The person should
also have th© ability to work a typewrit
ing machine, as now nearly all messages
are transcribed by means of a typewriter.
POSITIONS -mTbTX: City. For posi
tions in' the Mint and the Postofflce. on*
desiring such must take a civil service ex
amination and should make application
toth« secretary of the commission In
each branch for Information as to date
for Buch examinations. To secure a po
sition in the office of a railway company
the person desiring such should file an ap
plication end obtain the influence of some-
? ne *T ho aco - ualn ie<i with the powers
that be;
THE FIRST OF JANUARY— W. ji;
Raymond, Cal. New Tear's day is a legal
holiday. The memory of man runneth not
back to the time when that day was first
observed as a holiday, nor is there any
record of such first observance. The cus
tom of celebrating that day by some re
ligious observance, generally accompanied
by some festive rejoicing, appears to have
prevailed among most of the ancient na
tions. In Rome the new year anciently
began In March, and it was Numa Pom
pilius B. C. t 715. according to the ancient
legend, .who transferred It to January 1
that day being held sacred to Janus Bl
frons, who was supposed to turn at once
back upon the old year and forward into
the new. It was not till late in the six
teenth century that January 1 was gen
erally adopted as New Year's day. The
social observance of the day appears to
have ¦ been the same in substance : In all
ages.'
INVESTMENTS— B.. Sycamore. Cal.
This "department does not undertake to
advise any one how to Invest money in
any speculative or other enterprise.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES-
Henry McCray of Bakersfleld Is at the
Grand. '
T. J. Field, a Monterey banker. Is at the
Palace.
A. W. North, a Woodland attorney. Is
at the Occidental.
District Attorney J. M. Walthall of Mo
desto Is at the Lick.
A. I* Ferguson, a St. Glair. Nev., cattle
man, Is at the Russ.
E. Dlnkelsplel, a prominent Sulsnn
attorney, la at the Lick.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan
is at the Palace with his wife.
Max H. Isoard, a Nevada City mining
man. is registered at the Lick.
J.*F. Burns, claim adjuster of tha Santa
Fe route, is stopping: at the Rubs.
TV. W. Douglas, Deputy State Con
troller, is among the late arrivals at the
Grand.
¦\VY H. an extensive Fresno
rancher and raisin grower, is at the Cali
fornia.
Senator A. S. Mllice of Riverside
Btopped at the Grand yesterday on his
way to Sacramento.
B. F. Shepard, a prominent , Fresno
vineyardlst, accompanied by his wife, has
taken apartments at the Occidental.
William Hood, chief engineer of the
Southern Pacific, left yesterday on an in
spection tour of the now Coast line.
George B. Mots*. Clerk of the United
States District Court, who has spent two
weeks at the White House visiting his
uncle, -President McKinley, is a guest of
Mr. and Mrs. Abner McKinley in New
York. He will return about the middle of
this month.
Henator William V. Sullivan of Missis
sippi, who figured in a sensational
breach of promise suit brought against
him by his typewriter three months ago,
and who has been [ spending several days
in this city, a guest at the Palace, re
' turned home yesterday. He. came out
i here on his honeymoon.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY; JANXJARY 4, 1901.
NEW DESIGN FOR
A COMPASS CARD
"The pledge which, a man seeking, high public -sta
tion receives in the fumes of liquor and in a saloon
from saloon politicians should not be to. men who
understand their responsibilities ari assurance that
he possesses the worth necessary to qualify him for
the post to', which he aspires.
The airship, the submarine boat, the Nicaragua
canal and the north pole are among the. things the
nineteenth, century did not .attain,': but >11 the same it
made a close ; race for :thcm, and has a right to brag
of its efforts.
6
AUCTION SALES.
Br S. Watkins-fiatunlay. January 5. at 10 o'clock. Horse*
an4 Carriage*, at 1106 Golden Gate avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The quickest relief for a •
cold is by Scott's emulsion of
cod-liver oil. ;>-
You will find the edge taken
off in a night ; and, in three or
four days, you'll be wondering"
whether that cold amounted to "
anything anyhow.
That's relief. If you tackle •
it quick, the relief is quick; if *
you wait, the relief won't
come^ — -you know how colds •
We'll fend 70a a little to try , if you Eka.
SCOTT <£ BOWNE, 4-3 P«*xl .tre«. K«« XotL '
. Cal 'Xnrnia.— Straus?* Orchestra.
Oryheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Xell Gtryn."
Alhambra — '•Fhenandoah."
Coli-mbia— -Tlie Ik-Ile of Xew Tork."
.Octral Theater— "Th* Heart of Maryland."
4 Oi}-mpia. corner Mascn and KdJ>- Ftreets— J=rerialtle«.
CJiutee. Zoo and Tb^ater— Vaudeville every afternoon anj
«venlr*.
FiFcher's-Vaudeville.
Grand Opera -house- Yale Glee and Banjo Clubs this after-
noon.
Metrerlitan Temple— Henschel Recitals. Tuesday. Feb. 5.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.The Civil Service Commission yesterday
certified the names of Richard J. Curtin,
Oscar L. Tuttle -and' "William I. Rear
don for deputies on the application 'of
Tax Collector Scott. The three ¦ men are
at the head of the eligible list and have
been summoned to appear before the Tax
Collector this morning." He will examine
them as to their qualifications to fill the
positions.
Deputies for Tax Office.
Bonier C'cello solo — Messrs. Knopke «ind
Gotsch); waltz, "Kaiser." Johann Strauss:
barcarole. Tschaikowsky; march, "Egyp
tian," Johann Strauss.
Another Pleasing Strauss Concert.
Eduard Strauss and his Vienna orches
tra'performed before a large house last
night. Following was the programme:
Overture to the opera "Merry Wives of
Windsor,". Nicolal; pilot's song and sail
or's dance from the opera "The Flying
Dutchman." R. Wagnet; waltz,. "Life Is
So IiOvely, Eduard Strauss; Ave Verum,
Mozart (for string quartet and harp—ar
ranged by Eduard Strauss); polka, T 'Dip
lomat," Johann Strauss; Idylle, Crey«-
'" A ball will be given in the maple room
of the. Palace Hotel February 2 for the
benefit of the Mount Zlon Hospital under
the direction of the following lady pa
tronesses: Mrs. Fred,L* Castle, Mrs. I. W.
Hellman.' Mrs. William Haas. Mrs. Julius
Rosenstirn, Mrs. William . Frank, Mrs.
William Greenebaum, Mrs. Theodore
Lilienthal, Mrs. Slg. Feuchtwanger. Mrs.
Ij. Siegel. Mrs. Morris* Brown. Mrs. A.
Brown, Mrs. J. Neustadter. Mrs. M. S.
Levy, Mrs. J. Lippman, Mrs..I. W. Hell
man Jr.. Mrs. William Gerstle, Mrs. J.
Reiss, -Mrs.- Herman Heyneman, Mrs. Jo
seph Hyman. Mrs. P. Aronson. Mrs. Jo
seph Naphtaly, ¦ Mrs. J. B. Levison, Mrs
Leon ' Kauffman. . These ladies are pre
paring to make the function memorable
and are devoting much time, attention
and ability to their benevolent undertak
ing, ii " i nnOnf»"n»ui | M h'tii'mi'LiigoTiap
The Mount Zion ' Hospital needs a new
wing to give greater accommodation to
patients. . It also need* funds to > place It
upon a self-supporting basis. -The officers
of the hospital ar^: ¦.-William Haas, presi
dent; Emanuel Raas, vice president; J. B
Levison," secretary; Feuchtwanger.
treasurer; William Gcrstle. I. W. Hellman
Jr.. Lewis Brown,. Joseph Hyman, Leon
Kauffman and Joseph Naphtaly, directors.
PATRONESSES PREPARE f
BENEFIT FOR MOUNT ZION
Ball Planned to Raise Needed Funds
,For Furtherance of Noble
Charity.
G. ii. JIurara's Extra Dry were imported;
or 72.169 cases more than any other brand
Special attention is called to the remart
able quality of this famous brand. •
Marvelous Champagne Figures.
In eleven months this year, 109.321 cases
It is said a girl in Boston is bo bright
that she uses the palm of her hand for a
mirror..
Judpe "William R. Dainperfleld gained
fifty-four votes yesterday in his contest
to the election, which brings his net gain
to date up to 221 votes. In addition to
his large gain, those who are conducting
Judge Daingerneld's side of the contest
believe they have discovered direct evi
dence of fraud In the Fourteenth Precinct
of the Thirty-third District.
During the recounting of ballots in that
precinct yesterday seventeen votes cast
for Judge Daingerfleld were thrown out
on the ground that the stub numbers were
not detached from the ballots, four votes
cast for him were thrown out on the
ground .|hat five long-term Judge.? had
been voted for and one vote was thrown
out that was cast for him on the ground
that it'bore a distinguishing mark. This
makes twenty-two votes cast for Judge
Dalngerfield. At the end of the recount
he was credited with having received
twenty-six legal votes. Adding those
tlyown out to those allowed as legal by
the court, the number of ballots actually
cast for him is forty-eight. With no
votes thrown out the oincial figures of the
Election Commission credit him with only
thirty-eight votes, a discrepancy against
him of ten votes.
On the other hand, Graham lost twenty
votes that contained the number stub,
seven votes by reason of five long-term
Judges having been voted for, on the bal
lots and one vote by reason of its bearing
a distinguishing mark. Thus his total
loss was twenty-eight votes, which, added
to the number credited to him after the
recount, thirty-two, makes but sixty votes
cast for him, while the official figures
credit him with having received sixty
four votes in this precinct, a discrepancy
in his favor of four votes. The total
number of votes thus fraudulently, it is
alleged, counted in Oraham's favor is
fourteen. Further investigation of the
discrepancy in the figures will be made
to-day.
Altogether thirty-seven votes were
thrown out as illegal by reason of the
number stub remaining on the baJIot. It
is hinted that these numbers were de
signedly permitted to remain on the bal
lots by tha election officer whose duty it
was to tear them off and that the fact
will play an important part in the Assem
bly contest between Strand and Butler.
Judge Daingerfleld's gain of 221 votes
has been made in ninety-three precincts.
He is still behind 155 votes, but 210 pre
cincts remain to be counted. Several
persons are now keeping snap tallies and
the close of the Daingerfield-Graham con
test may see the inauguration of many
others.
Figures in the Daingerfield-Graham
Contest Differ, the Recount Fav
oring the Contestant.
CHARGE DISCREPANCY IN
VOTES IS DUE TO FRAUD
Damages for False Imprisonment.
. John Maher. a lumber .surveyor, was
civen judgment for $1900 damages against
The meeting of the Park Commissioners
was held In the rooma xt the Golden Gata
Driving Park Association at the Palace
Hotel last night. Commissioners Lloyd,
Spreckels, Stanton and Zelle were present.
Plans were submitted by Stanton for the
planting of trees at l:oth ends of th»
speedway, which were adopted, and
Superintendent McLaren was directed to
proceed with the work. The superintend
ent was also given directions to mako
many needed repairs to the museum. Th<»
question of lighting Union Square was
discussed, as was aHo the proposed sys
tem of private telephones throughout the
park, and both matters were .laid over.
An offer of 15 cents a cubic yard for the
"street sweepings" wa-j made to the Board
of Public Works. This offer is for the
sweepings, delivered in the park. .
Trees Will Be Planted at Bach. End
of Speed Track and Museum
, . Repaired.
PAUK COMMISSIONEHS - '
FAVOR IMPROVEMENTS
With change of rulers and policy came
change of fortune. Within twelve years
the greater part of the gains In America
that had come to Great Britain by the
settlement of 1763 were lost by the turn
of war and. diplomacy. To Great Britain
the treaty of 17S3 was almost as disastrous
as that of 1763 had been glorious. The
gains won by the statesmanship of Pitt
and the sacrifice and valor of Wolfe In
the seven years' war were sacrificed by
the folly and stupidity of a stubborn kin?.
The taxing policy of George III and Gren
ville and the punitive and coercive meas
ures by which they sought to enforce It
alienated the affections of loyal colonists,
and by the declaration of Independence
Great Britain lost her colonies in America,
for whose safety and progress she had
made such strenuous efforts. France, see
ing an opportunity to recover her Ameri
can possessions or to embarrass and re
tard the progress and prosperity of Brit
ain In America, made common cause with
the colonies, and In ber famous alliance
with us in 1778 she brought on tha fourth
war over America between these two
great . rival nations. Spain was still an
ally of France. Although Spain did not
come Into formal alliance with us, as we
earnestly besought her to do by Jay'8
mission to Madrid in 1779, yet she made a
common enemy of - Great Britain by an
independent war, in the hope of secur
ing Gibraltar (held by Great Britain since
the treaty of Utrecht, 1713) and of increas
ing her American possessions. George
III had permitted a betrayal of the Brit
ish alliance with Frederick the Great, the
rising King of Prussia, in 17G1, and now
from 1779 to 1782, without any ally in the
world and with divided councils at honn
England was facing a combination of
powers calculated to accomplish her ut
ter undoing. It is, then, to the boundary
settlements of 17S3, following the ward
connected with our revolution, that we
como as the next landmark in our study.
We can but briefly outline the negotia
tions and results of the settlement. -
After Great Britain acquired Canada
from France in 1763 she soon attempted by
the Quebec act of 1774 to extend the
boundary of Quebec southward to the
Ohio River. This extension of a province
under tho Catholic religion both offended
the religious feeling of New England and
Interfered with the prospect of national
expansion westward. The Quebec act was
an offense to the American colonies, and,
passed at a time when Parliament seemed
bent upon the repression and coercion of
the colonies, it was one of the causes of
the American revolution. The consum
mation of its purpose was prevented by
the outbreak of the revolution and the
expedition of George Rogers Clark, who
obtained practical military possession of
the Northwest at Kaskaskla and Vin
cennes. \It was partly this military pos
session, won in 1778-i\ that enabled the
diplomacy of Jay and Franklin and
Adams to win for the young republic a
boundary on the Mississippi.
It seems quite strange that when our
diplomats came to negotiate for our
boundary settlement in 1782 they had to
meet the secret opposition of their friends
while they received liberal, if not unex
pected, concessions from their enemies.
Spain was confessedly looking out* for
herself. But in the war with Great Brit
ain France was our ally, and it had been
agreed * that neither France nor America
should make a final treaty without the
consent of the other. By a fatuous policy
Congress had given our commissioners in
structions not to enter lnt\ negotiations
with England without imparting to the
French Cabinet privy knowledge of their
proceedings— instructions which would
fcave proved fatal to our Interests if they
had been observed, and which had prob
ably been obtained through French in
fluence. France and Spain In the nego
tiations of 17S2 were both using secret in
fluence against us in seeking to limit our
western boundaries at the Alleghanies.
while Great Britain readily came to a
boundary agreement that led Vergennes
to say that Britain had "bought rather
than made a treaty." If our commission
ers, largely through Jay's insistence, had
not proceeded in disregard of their in
structions (by which they were bound to
take France into iheir confidence) we
might have been forced to agree to a
boundary quite different from the one ob
tained..
Jay w;as sent to Spain in 1779 for the
purpose ' of obtaining money, an alliance
and a port of deposit on 'the lower Mis
sissippi, lie obtained precious little
money, and neither' an alliance nor the
right to navigate the Mississippi. After
vexatious delays he was transferred to
Paris to aid Franklin and Adams In final
negotiations for peace. During these ne
gotiations Jay entered into conference
with Count d'Aranda, who represented
Spain at the court of Paris. Of one of
these conferences Jay says:
Opening Mitchell's large map of North Amer
ica he (D'Aranda) asked me what w£re our
boundaries. I told him from the head of the
Mississippi to 31 degrees north, thence east by
the line between Georgia and Florida. D'Ar
anda objected. He claimed that the western
country had never belonged to the colonies, and
that by the Spanish conquest of West Florida
and certain posts on the Mississippi and the
Illinois It became vested In Spain; and if
Spanish right of conquest did not extend over
all that country It was still possessed by free
and Independent nations of Indians, whose
landn we could not consider with any pro
priety as belonging to us. D'Aranda then traced
with red ink on the map a line which he pro
poned should form our western boundary. This
ran from a lake near tha confines of Georgia,
but east of the Flint River, to the confluence
of the- Kanawha with the Ohio, thence round
the western shores of Lakes Erie and Huron
and thence round Lake Michigan to Lake Su
perior.
This line was supported by the French
influence. Jay disclaimed such plenipoten
tiary power as would enable him to cede
away the territory of his country, and,
with Franklin and Ada»ns, constantly in
sisted upon the Mississippi as our western
boundary. RaynevaJ. *he secretary to
Vergennes, the French Minister, com
• bated our claims and -he finally proposed,
on behalf of the French Cabinet, what he
called a "conciliatory line." Quoting the
British proclamation of 1763 (by which
England erected tho provinces of East
and West Florida) Vergennes' communi
cation said:
This declares in a precise and positive man
ner that the lands in question are situated be
tween the Mississippi and the ancient English
establishments. It is therefore clearly evi
dent that the court of London Itself, when It
was as yet sovereign of the thirteen colonies,
did not consider these lands as forming part
of said colonies. 1
The "conciliatory line." then proposed
by France, was a tortuous one running
north from the- gulf to the mouth of the
Cumberland. On the east of this line
there should be Indian possessions under
the protection • of , America, and on ,the
west of the line Indian possessions under
the protection of Spain. And Spain should
have the exclusive navigation of the Mis*
Copyright, 190O, b y Seymour Eaton.
Henry "Wilson and A. B. Johnson for falsa
imprisonment by a jury in Judge Hunt's
court yesterday. Wilson and Johnson
caused the arrest of Maher after all had
engaged in a fight following Maher's dis
charge by the defendants. The jury ac
cepted his theory that hla arrest was un
warranted and gave him Judgment as
stated.
The differences between Spain and tha
United States over the navigation of the
Mississippi and the boundary of Florida
may best be studied in connection with
our acquisition of Louisiana and Florida-
While the cession of Louisiana by Franca
to the United States in lSi'3 was not tha
result of a war between these two powers,
it was the result of a war situation in
Kurope. By a secret treaty in 1S00 Na
poleon had forced from Spain the retro
cession of Louisiana. This accession of
French power at the mouth of the Mla-
Fissippi was startling to America. Napo
leon believed, that Jefferson -would make
good his proposal to marry America to
the English nation and navy and that
France in the Kuropean war just immi
nent could not hold ita new American col
ony. He was therefore willing to strength
en America at the expense of England.
France had received Louisiana, "with the
same boundaries that it now has in the
hands of Spain, and that it had when
F"rance possessed it." This language was
ambiguous ; its two clauses are contradic
tory. Napoleon told Talleyrand that if
there were not an uncertainty as to the
limits of Louisiana it would be well to
make one. The uncertainty contained in
the ambiguous treaty clauses above be
came the basis of our claim to West Flor
ida. Louisiana "as France possessed it,"
before 1763, included a part of West Flor
ida; but Louisiana as it then was "in tho
handa of Spain" did not. Our poorly
founded claim to West Florida reopened
our disputes with Spain, which were not
again settled till we had acquired both,
the Florida- 1 ? In 1810.
We conclude this article- with a brief
summary of these disputes and their set
tlement.
After the general peace of 17SC the Span
ish court still persisted In It3 policy of
excluding the Americans from the navi
gation of the Mississippi. The fine river
which tho Western settlers daily saw
flowing before their doors they held to
be the natural highway that God had
made for them as their rightful outlet
to the sea. To have to transport their
products— flour, wheat, timber, tobacco —
otherwise through forest and wilderness,
or to use the great river only by th©
sufferance of Spanish officials and a cor
poral's guard of Spanish soldiers was be
yond endurance. Spain also refused to
recognize the thirty-first parallel as tha
south boundary of the United State3 be
tween the Mississippi and the Appalachl
cola. She maintained that the Floridaa
ceded to her by Great Britain in 17S3 wera
the Floridas as they had been governed
by British officials from 17S3 to 17S3. By
the noted proclamation of 1763 England
divided the Floridas by the line- of the
Appalachicola. West Florida was made
up of a part of Louisiana (between ths
Pearl and the Mississippi) received from
France; and the north" boundary of Flor
ida was fixed at the thirty-first parallel.
But in the English commissions to tha
governors of West Florida the boundaries
of that province were pushed farther
north to the parallel 32° 30" on a line from
the mouth of the Yazoo to the Appalachi
cola. When we entered into the pro
visional treaty with Great Britain In 1S72
fixing our south bojmdary at 21°, no treaty
had yet been concluded between Great
Britain and Spain. So a separate and
secret article was inserted in this treaty
which provided that if the Floridas should
be restored to Great Britain (Spain had
won military possession of Pensacola. Mo
bile and Natchez during tho "war), tha
south boundary of the i:nlt«*d States be
tween the Mississippi and the Chatta
hoochee (called the Appalachtcola after
its junction with the Flint) %nould be the
parallel of 22° 30\
Therefore, after Britain had ceded th*
Floridas to Spain without a statement of
boundaries; after the Spanish Cabinet had
learned of out secret agreement to the
boundary of 32 degrees SO minutes as be
tween us and England. Gardoqui. the
Spanish Minister, insisted that the Eng
lish-American agreement to 31 degrees as
against Spain could not affect the rights
of Spain, then in possession by right of
conquest; that these territories were fai
the possession of neither England nor of
the United States when they assumed to
dispose of them, and that Florida should
extend as far north as when under Eng
lish control. We were not "a little em
barrassed by the difficulty. But wo did
not grant away our claims; though we
did not secure from Spain a recognition of
a port cf deposit at the mouth of the Mis
sissippi until our treaty with her In 17D5.
When Spain re-ceded Louisiana to
France In 1S0O she did not. of course, re
cede West Florida, which she had ob
tained from England and not -from
France. On the impertinent plea tha't
France once .possessed a part of West
Florida we based our claim to that region.
We finally took military possession, and
Spain was not in a position to oust us.
Spain did not recognize our title to West
Florida until she was forced to sell East
Florida in 1813. The Seminole war brought
on in 1817-1S by the constant "use of East
Flprlda as a base of smuggling expedi
tions against the United States ar.d of
lawless raids of Indians, and as a refuge
for fugitive slaves and outlaws, lpd "Old
Hickory" to invade Spanish Florida, sum
marily to put an end to the disorders.
Jackson demonstrated the helplessness of
Spain; she was "Induced" to sell what sha
could not defend, and the sway of the re
public was acknowledge from the lakes
to the gulf. JAMES A. WOODBTRN.
Indiana University.
issippl. It was VergeV.nes' purpose to se
cure both - banks of tiie Mississippi for
Spain, and erect a "hutfer" Indian stat?
between the United States on the east anil
Spain on the west; at the same timo n-j
wished to bring it about that EngJan-.l
should be allowed to extend the bound*
of Canada, to the Ohio River. Vergennoa
wished to gain the gratitude and futu:^
support of Spalr., ts weaken the United
States and to nurse our enmity to England
while making us dep«i:<ient on France, in>
the hope that by some future fortuno
France might be able 10 recover her pos
sessions on the St. Lawrence. It is not
to be wondered that cur commissioners
when they learned of these designs of
Franc© against the Interest of her Ameri
can ally, proceeded to guard the welfaxs
of their country by disregarding their In
structions and making a treaty on' tR*ir
own. accord. And Great Britain, seeing
through the same designs, was willing to
erect In . America an Anslo-Saxon stato
that would soon be strong enough to re
sist Franco-Spanish aggressions in th»
West. Great Britain and America soon
cams to agreement on the following; His
toric line:
Tha Mississippi en the west to the thirty
first parallel. Leavis* the Mis3ls3lppt in lati
tude 31 the line followed tha: parallel to th*
Chattiihooch.ee, thence down that stream to Its
Junction with the Flint: from this point It ran
in a straight line to the source of the St.
Mary's and down that stream to tha Atlantic
Ocean.
In the peace arrangement between Spain
and Great Britain the latter ceded the
Florldas without specification 43 to bound
aries, and in this we inherited a'di3pute
with Spain.
Acquisition of Louisiana.
SPRING VALLEY
MAKES PROTEST
San Francisco merchants are wondering
how Surgeon J. H. White will proceed to
investigate . the acts of Dr. Kinyoun as
United States quarantine officer at this
port. Surgeon White is an assistant of
the surgeon general of the United States.
He came to this city having in his pos
session • the correspondence that has
passed between the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce and the Treasury De
partment, based on complaints made by
the merchants and shipping men against
Dr. Kinyoun. No doubt is entertained
here that Surgeon White came to San
Francisco by. reason of the presentation
of facts by the Chamber of Commerce.
Nevertheless, although two days have
elapsed since he arrived here the secre
tary of the Chamber. Mr. Scott, acting
under instructions to visit Surgeon White,
has not been able to meet him.
l^ast evening George A. Newhall. vice
president and acting president of the
Chamber, said that Mr. Scott, as secre
tary, had left his card at the hotel where
Surgeon White Is stopping. That act
would notify Dr. White that the Chamber
desired -to communicate with him, Mr.
Newhall said, and If Surgeon White did
not acknowledge receiving- this the Cham
ber would probably stand on Its dignity
and not try again to communicate with
hira.
Surgeon White was interviewed last
evening- and declared that he had not seen
any of those who have complained of Dr.
Kinyoun, and that If they wanted to see
him they must come to him, for he would
not hunt them up.
On the face of things, accordingly, there
appeared last evening to be a possibility
that the Chamber of Commerce will not
have the opportunity to present the facts
in its possession concerning Dr. Kinyoun's
acts. All over town there was a suspicion
that Surgeon White was preparing to
"whitewash" Dr. Kinyoun. The two were
together the most of and yes
terday. They found time to visit Attor
ney Banning, who is preparing a defense
for the quarantine officer to a petition for
an injunction by Chinese merchants. But
up to the hour of closing the secretary's
office of the Chamber of Commerce last
evening no acknowledgment had conio
from Surgeon White of the courtesy paid
by the Chamber in calling upon him.
The San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce includes in its membership the most
prominent men in commerce, finance and
manufacturing in this city. The trustees
who asked the Secretary of the Treasury
to instruct the quarantine officer "to per
form the duties of his office with such
tact and judgment as will enable travelers
to enter this port without being exposed
to insult, needless delay, hardship and
anxiety" are: Charles Nelson. George A.
Newhall, H. F. Allen, Wakefleld Baker,
E. R. Dimond. A. B. Field, H. F. Fort
mann, William Haas, C. D. Haven, W.
H. Marston, George W. McNear Jr., Wil
liam E. Mighell, H. Rosenfeld. A. G.
Towne and Charles M. Yates, rII repre
sentative business men of San Francisco.
Their action had sufficient weight with
the Government to cause Surgeon White
to be eent here, under the supposition that
a real investigation would take place.
Vice President George A. Newhall said
last evening: "The Chamber of Commerce
Is prepared to supply to Dr. White all the
facts bearing on our charge* if he wishes
them. I have instructed Mr. Scott, our
secretary, to 8i range for a special meet-
Ing of our trustees if Dr. White desires
to confer with us. If that meeting comes
Automatic Sprinklers Cause
Argument Before Fire
Committee. .
Fire Chief Sullivan appeared before the
Supervisors' Fire Committee yesterday
and spoke in favor of the proposed ordi
nance regulating the construction of au
tomatic sprinkler equipments for build
ing and manufacturing plants. H/fe said
the sprinklers were of great benefit in
checking the progress of fires and put
ting them out. Chief Engineer Schussler
of the Spring Valley Water Works,pro
tested in a communication against com
pelling tho company to lay six-Inch ser
vice pipes from its mains to supply the
sprinkler apparatus. He- argued that it
would be unsafe to do so, as the pipes
might be unavailable by reason of a
break in the main pipe or if the water
should be shut off to repair the main. The
company, he said, would approve the plan
only if large storage tanks should be the
direct means of supplying water for auto
matic sprinklers. lie said the company
had not required a tank for the sprinkler
system in the Emporium building because
the Parrott estate had granted In return
a very valuable right of way for a pipe
line in San Mateo, which money could not
buy.
Attorneys Gould and Forbes had a
wordy tilt over the fact that Schussler
had sent a communication Instead of ap
pearing In person. Forbes said Schussler
was too busy to attend the meeting,
whereupon Gould retorted that Schussler
was not too busy to take a three months'
trip to Europe.
"So are we all busy men," said Chair
man Curtis. "Let Mr. Schussler be noti
fied to attend the next meeting, when
some action on the ordinance will be
taken."
The Street Committee reported In favor
of establishing the width of the sidewalks
on Alabama street, from Potrero avenue
to Carolina street, at twelve feet.
SWEET MELODIES
BY YALE MEN
off Governor Gage will be Invited to be
present, and also all members of 1 the
Chamber of Commerce •who wish. We took
the initiative In the Ktnyoun matter be
cause our body represents the commercial
interests of the port. There are good rea
sons why we do not wish to have travelers
and representatives of business houses
harassed here. Travelers will not come
this way if subjected to unnecessary In
dignities; neither will representatives of
houses who 'are' trying to build up trade
in the Orient. AVe wish it to be under
stood distinctly that we do not object to a
proper quarantine, but it should be only
properly enforced."
Surgeon J. L. White arrived at the Oc
cidental Hotel on Tuesday last and since
that time has kept himself in seclusion,
giving orders that no one was to see him.
Dr. Ktnyoun has been constantly in com
pany with Surgeon • White and has en
deavored to prevent any Interested parties
to the controversy from seeing the sur
geon.
When Surgeon White and Dr. Kinyoun
returned yesterday evening to the Occi
dental Hotel the Matter answered a query
as to the whereabouts of Surgeon White
by saying that he could be found at the
Marine Hospital, four nilles away from
the hotel. As a matter of fact Surgeon
"White had a few seconds before been
seated with Kinyoun In the hotel lobby
and the surgeon had simply stepped to
the hotel desk to make an Inquiry.
Surgeon White denied when asked that
he had been sent out here to Investigate
Kinyoun. When told that Assistant Sec
retary Spaulding of the treasury had
spoken of an investigation to be conduct
ed by White the latter reluctantly admit
ted that he was in San Francisco for that
purpose. ¦ • ¦•:
"I am out on the coast inspecting quar
antine stations," said Surgeon White,
"but know nothing of my being instructed
to specially investigate Dr. Kinyoun's
conduct. If, of course, there has been any
friction between Dr. Kinyoun and the
business community of San Francisco I
suppose that in the line of my duties I
would make an investigation."
Surgeon White was asked if It was not
a fact that he had in his possession all
the correspondence which had -passed be
tween the Chamber of Commerce of this
city and the Treasury Department as to
the conduct of Kinyoun.
"Well, yes, I have that correspondence,"
he finally admitted.
Surgeon White was asked If it was not
likely that tho Treasury Department
would "whitewash" Kinyoun.
"Neither the heads of the department
nor myself prejudge any case," answered
Surgeon White, "and I decline to express
any opinion as to the merits of the case.
I have not seen any of these people who
have complained against Dr. Kinyoun and
do not propose to hunt them up. If, they
want to see me they must come to me."
Surgeon White was not averse to dis
cussing the characteristics of bubonic
plague and stated that he had the great
est faith in Dr. Kinyoun's judgment. He
dwelt on the fact that the quarantine offi
cer had studied bubonic plague in Paris.
"If Dr. Kinyoun diagnosed a case as
plague," said Surgeon White, "I should
have faith in what he reported. Kinyoun
is one of the greatest bacteriologists in
the world. Why should he want to do
anything to hurt the interests of San
Francisco or act in spite, as has been
claimed?"
Although Surgeon White had a few
minutes before declined to express him
self as to the merits of the controversy
he was not averse to lauding Dr. Kin
youn.
In spite of the wild wind and rain storm
last night, a large house greeted the Yaie
Banjo and Glee Clubs at their concert ut
Metropolitan Temple, and signified its
enthusiasm by encoring the whole pro
gramme. Tho hall was charmingly dec
orated with palms and the national em
blems and, with the chiffons and ermines
of society— which was out in full force
made a very pretty picture. The pro
gramme opened with aii impromptu Yale
yell from the back of tho house by th«
Harvard and Princeton men amone Iho
audience, to which the Yale students
smilingly responded, after which exchange
of college courtesies The banjo club gavo
the opening march. Tne programme in
cluded the usual Yale songs, a number of
the popular coon songs of the day, a sen
timental ballad or so. and some effective
Instrumental numbers by the banjo and
mandolin clubs. The glee club, which
numbers twenty-four members, gave its
songs with much spirit and dash, and wa<
accorded a hearty welcome by the many
New Haven, as well as California folk in
the audience. Mr. tjchneeloch. president
of the club, Mr. Spaulding, Mr. Sheehan
Mr. Read, Mr. Welch and Mr. Tyler were
among the soloists.
The second and final concert by the col
lege boys will be given this afternoon at
2 o'clock, at the Grand Opera-house.
The Yale boys were given a warm re
ception at the Palace Hotel after their
concert last evening. The party which
assembled to greet the wearers of the
blue was one of the largest and most
select of the season. Many of San Fran
cisco's most prominent society people
were there.
From 10 o'clock until- 1 this morning
dancing was enjoytd. Through an over
sight no music was provided and until an
orchestra could be procured several mem-'
bers of the banjo club volunteered to
play, thereby avoiding an unpleasant in
terruption In the festivities.
The patronesses were Mrs. Henry F.
Allen, . Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mrs. Wil
liam B. Bourn. Mrs. James Coffin, Mrs.
Donald T. Campbell. Mrs. MJiiliam H.
Crocker, Mrs. Robert ColemanT Mrs. Al
bert Drown, Mrs. WilllanrS. Tevis, Mr?.
Charles P. Eells, Mrs. Joseph D. Grant,
Mrs. John Hays Hammond, Mrs. Horace
L. Hill, Mrs. J. G. Kittle. Mrs. Maddox.
Mrs. Sidney V. Smith and Mrs. Henry T.
Scott. ¦
After the dance a banquet was served In
the ladies' grillroom. Covers were laid
for 350 people. •
University Glee Club'sCon
cert Proves a Success
Despite Bad Weather.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
fected by Wars.
Glimpses at the Geography of America,
Showing How it Has Been Af- .
Trustees of Chamber of -Commerce
Send Card to the Surgeon, but
Do Not Get a Response.
WHITE IS IGNORING
KINYOUN'S ACCUSERS
CRUDE RUBBER
RETAINS VALUE
Threatened Reduction by the
Trust Is Not Tit
The United States Rubber Company,
the concern which controls two million
and a half dollars' worth of the stock of
the recently organized crude rubber trust,
formed to .control cru/le rubber figures
throughout the world, failed yesterday to
send the jobbers of this city notice of the
reduction In price of that article,' despite
the fact that a short time ago It distrib
uted notices to the jobbers warning them
of tho projected cut. The inference which
the latter draw from this is that the
threatened reduction has not been made
because of the accession of the small
ilrms to the demands of the combine.
Many jobbers, however, received yester
day sealed envelopes from the combine
presumably containing the* schedule of
prices which will prevail under, the new
combine's direction. The receipt of these
communications was followed almost Im
mediately by a telegram emanating from
the same source asKing the early return
of the former with the seals unbroken,
which many Jobbers consider an equiva
lent to a declaration that nothing more
is to be done in the matter until April 1,
when the company's contracts witn the
jobbers expire. Supporting testimony to
this theory is the fact that when the
trust was organized the Jobbers had on
hand large quantities of goods bought
under the terms of contracts entered into
before the formation of the trust. By de
ferring the reduction of prices until the
expiration of the present contracts the
combine escapes the necessity of paying
the jobbers the original contract price
for such goods as they may. have bought
under the terms of that contract; -a ne
cessity which would Indubitably ¦ involve
a large expense to the combine.- \-
I. Cthn of Cahn, Nlckelsburg & Co. said
yesterday In reference to the matter: ¦
"The cause of this sudden move on the
part of the combine is a mystery to me.
In accordance with a circular received
some little time ago from the combine. I
was prepared to receive to-day some noti
fication as to what the new . scale of
prices was to be. The message I received
from them, which I suppose contained
their Instructions, was speedily followed
by another demanding the return of the
first. I think it likely that they may wish
to wait until the present contracts with
the jobbers expire, thereby avoiding the
necessity of paying the jobbers the dif
ference between the reduction and what
they had paid for their stock under those
contracts. -
R. II. Pease, president of the Goodyear
Rubber Company, the Pacific Coast agent
for the United States Rubber Company's
goods, denied that his principals had sent
out any, notice to the jobbers. He says
that no action will be taken by the com
bine until to-day. •
l»ocal Jobbers Wondering What Fail
• ' ure of the Trust to Send Out
Notice of New Prices
THE SAN • FRANCISCO V CALL., FRIDAYf JANUARY 4, 1901 .
yesterday. Issued a' license to the .Ventura
Savings Bank, \which was recently organ
ized ; with a a paid-up capital of 1 125,000.
The new institution will open for business
to-day.*: The officers ' are: - "President.- E.
P. .Foster; -vice president, A. ;BerrtheIrn;
secretary.* J.. A. Walker: cashier, J. H.
Chaffee; directors. E. P. Foster. A. Bern
heim, J. A. Walker. J. , H. Chaffee. J. K.
Cries, Charles Wllliama and C G. Ba»-»
lett.. : -:¦
The State Board of Bank Commissioners
New Banking Institution.
Evans' Ale and Stout.
Let 'those now drink who never drank b-fore."
and those who do drink them now drink more. •
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIFTY TONS OF CANDY
Have Been Sent to Our Soldiers in the
Philippine Islands by the Gov-
Flfty tons of candy have been sent to
the soldiers in the Philippine Islands by
the commissary department of the army
during the last three months and large
amounts to the soldiers In Cuba and Porto
Rico.
This is done upon advice of the medical
officers of the army, because it is a phy-
siological fact that a moderate consump-
tion of confectionery promotes health and
satisfies a natural craving of the stomach.
Candy was never furnished to the
United States army ! before, although it
has been commonly used -as a ration by
the French and • British troops In the
tropics.
This explodes another pld-faahloned
theory that sweets were Injurious to the
digestive organs, while a moderate use of
sweets Is actually beneficial.
Very few things are injurious and the
food cranks who advocate the use of a
few grains and vegetables and decry the
use of sweets and meats are in error, as
a wholesome variety of meat and vege-
table food is absolutely; necessary for the
maintenance of tha highest condition of
health. .
The best rule to follow is to eat what
the appetite craves, and If there Is any
discomfort or trouble In. digesting" meat
and sweets the difficulty can be readily,
overcome by the regular use after, meals
of some safe digestive composed of pep-
sin and diastase which will assist \hc
stomach by increasing the flow of gastric
Juice and furnish the -natural peptone
lacking in weak Etomachs.
The best preparation of this kind is
probably Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
which may be found at all drug stores. -
Years of use have demonstrated the
value and effectiveness of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets'in all cases of . impaired
digestion.
B£LASCO *"*» THALrS jr.pfrf$&
i^ tttsct cmrrtzu
Phor.e Booth SS3.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
KATIXEE TO-MORROW (Sat.) and BCNDAT.
Devid Beluoo's Famous Romantic Drama,
THE HEART OF MARYLAND.
"The Greatest TTar Play x>t Them All."
See This Roval Dramatic Success.
NEXT ilONDAT— The Great London and New
Tcrk Melodramatic Triumph.
"WOMAN /*!NE> \A/II\iE."
Produced Exactly as Pe»n at the Academy of
Mu5lc. N'ew Tork.
OVER IV> PEOPLE REQUIRED TO PRE-
SENT THIS BIG PRODUCTION.
Secure Seats at Box Office cf Theater.
: - PRICES: Ermine-IOC. 15c. 25c. 35c. 63c
Matlr.ee* — 10c. ZZc, 35c. No hither.
SAN FRANCISCO CAPTURED!
THE TALK OF THE ENTIRE COUNTRY.
-ENDORSED BT PRESS AND PCBL1C.
Tfie Great Orpfieum Road Show.
SECOND AND FINAL WEEK.
EVERTTITTNG NEW.
Ar.fl In addition the world-renowned
EIFTEUS (Ubla. and Nellie) HAVrTKORNE.
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS and THE
BIOGRAPII.
Reserved •ea.ta, 2»c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Thalra anfl Bex Beat*. 60c.
Matln«e« Wednesday, fcaturfiay and Sunday.
THIRD W tXR-PACKED HOUS2S.
EVENINGS AT I SHARP.
MATTNEE 6ATCRDAT at 2 iharp.
I» r FERRIS HARTMAN.
EE 6CE.E JlNT> BRINO THE CHILDREN.
ke Oscar 1^ Feet'* Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICE3 15 and 50 centt.
Telephone — Bush ».
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL. THE TTME.
MATTNEE SATURDAY AND 6UNDAY.
. THE OLIVER' LESLIE COMPANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Marie Dor&n's Romantic Play.
* Received Nirhtly With Enthusiasm by
Crowded Houses.
Hext Jiosfiay— -A VIRGINIA COURTSHIP."
Evening Price?— l&c. lRc. 2Sc. We.
A Few Front Rows la Orchestra, Toe
Cood reserved eeat In orchestra at all matl-
Ti-"-r, VZc.
Eranch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Alf. Elllngrhouse Proprietor and Manager.
Phone— South 7T0.
EVERY EVENING THIS. WEEK.
MATTNEE FATURDAY.
JACOB LITT'S Magnificent Revival cf
SHENANDOAH.
200— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 2OO
CO— HORSES-CO
25-VETERAN AKTILLERTMEN-25
rROM CUBA AXD THE PHILIPPINES.
J:VEMXO lac. 25c. 33c. 60c and 75c
.MATINEE 16c. 25c. S*c and 60c
NEXT FTNDAY AFTERNOOV.
Special Encashment of RICHARD GOLDEN.
, • • in ••OLT> JED PROLTTY."
FPKCTAL PRirEF:
Drenlssr 2-"»<\ 3.">e. 5Oc. 75c and Sl.OO
¦ Matlr.ee 25c. '.Vic and 5Oc
P1R. AND MRS. GEORG
ENSCHEL
CN SIX GRAND RECITALS
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
February tth. 7th. Jth. 11th. 13th, 14th.
' Sale of Season Tickets Begins
Next Monday Morning
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
EJ.TTEU AND XEARNY STS.
E~;mou Tickets Transferable.
PRICES— gT».«K>. $7.00 and $5.00.
YALE UNIVERSITY BANJO AND
GLEE_CLUBS.
FARCWBLL CONCERT.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
. THIS AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock.
Peat* cm sale ax Grand Opera- houae— 60c.
Ccc. t:.
:_^_ MISCELLANEOUS.
The first thing to^do is to look over your o%e furnishings.
Nothing impresses the public more than a solid and substantially
furnished office. It inspires employes also to live up to the good
surroundings they find in performing their daily work — the re-
verse of the picture in old shabby desks and worn-out carpets and
rugs. Brighten up a bit. You will find it a good investment. We
can help you — and the prices are astonishingly low compared
with downtown prices. We refurnish completely, including the
famous "Standard" Desks, Executive Officers' Desks, Directors'
Tables, Bank Furniture, Office Rugs, Carpets, Linoleums, etc.
English Brussels Ru?s, 8-3x10-6 ! Solid Golden Oak Hij?h Roller Tod
• 914.OO Office Desk, 4-4 feet lonpr. self-locking
!?— .OU , knge price
Bodv Brussels Rsgs. extra qualitv. I f-S*" JS** ' ong Desk, solid prolden oak
7x10.. 814.00 1 r,?V onert ?P ; ?538 ° rc * ular orice -
' • v . j Challenge price 935.00
Wilton Velvet Rugs, 8-3x9 ?11.5OJ 3 ft. 6 in. Desk, roller top. solid
,r- • „ , t, i oak ; regular $26.00. Challenge sale
Victoria Brussels Kugs, 1 seam. 0x12 price ; SIS. 50
9*0.50, Twelve different styles to'Velect from.
=apATTOSIEN'S=»
AMUSEMENTS.- 1
|j U £a U m&$jl A LEADING THEATEE
Every night this Treek. lncludine Sunday.
MATIWEE SATURDAY AT REDUCED PRICES.
MR. GEORGE W. LEDERER Presents His
Famous Casino Theater. New York City and
Shaftesbury Theater, London. Success,
The Belle of New York,
THE MOST FAMOUS COMIC OPERA IN THE
WORLD.
NEXT WEEK TVm. A. Brady Presents for thc
First Time Here the Pastoral Idyl.
WAY DOWN EAST.
" SEATS NOW READY.
LAST THREE CONCERTS OF
EDUARD STRAUSS
AND HIS FAilOUS
VIENNA ORCHESTRA
Commeacins SUNDAY AFTERNOON
"W. E. NAXKEVILLE "Win Present
THE IDYL OF THE ARKAXSAW HILLS.
"HUMAN HEARTS."
The most perfect play of its kind ever written.
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
. Special Engagement ol
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNN
New Boenery Painted From Historical Re-
¦earches.
SEATS EIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
190&-WINTER MEBTING-1S01.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 31 TO JAN. 19, INCLTJSrVC
\ OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing: Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thura-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or ehlne.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:20. L 1:30, 2. 2:C0 ar.d 2 p. ra., connecting:
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. La5t two cars on train reserved for-
ladles and their escorts: no smoklr.gr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
eelctric care at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Fan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Theee electric • cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
CHUTES AND ZOO *;$£%%:*
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
llo'ifiay Presents (or All the Children.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
FISCHER'S co !? d c m E i . R J o , H , (^ SE -
Marie D. Woods, Kalcratus. Adeline Kinross,
Harry Brahtm, the Leander Brothers. Tom
Mack, the Grazers and Others
Reserved Peats 25c. Regular Matinee Sunday.
DAI k OC These hotels pos-
rALAUt scss thc ¦ attributes
. that tourists and
9(1(1 travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
R P A M Fl liberal • manage-
UFlrtilU ment, modern ap-
iiflTpi p pointments and
nUltLui P erfcc * cuisine.
ll v I B.-.WJ American and- Ea-
. S2n FranClSCO. ropean plans.
IA/. T. HESS,
KCTABT FUBilO AK3 ATTOBHfiY-AT-LiW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, CIau» Spreckels Bldg:
Telephone Brown S31.
Residence. £21 California ct.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Weekly Call S1.00 perYesr
-j^CLIMATE]^
5£Tmakes no difference a/
r LIZBW \\
_ COMPANTS EXTRACT __
OF BEEF.
ITKEEPJIT//TRENCTH j
Vl andFLAVORinGREENLAND I
V A/ UNDER THE EQUATOR y^
SEE THE POINT? A>
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, th© waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it. .Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business in local stocks and
¦NEW TORK, Jan. 3.— The metal markets of
Rngland were In somewhat of a' semi-panicky
condition. . as tho result «of . the : unfavorable
statement Issued by the Bank of England.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, . 11,
000, Including 400 Texans. Generally 6@10c
lower. Including butchers'.;. ¦ stock. ¦ Good to
prime steers, $5 3Gffj6 15;- poor, to medium, $3 65
(go 25; stockers and feeders, $2 75®4 40; cows
$2 65@4 15; heifers, $2 754J4 50; canners, $2(j?2 65:
bulls. %1 W4 40; calves, - $4 M@6 12%; Texas
fed steers, f»@4 90; grasscrs, $3 30@4 80; bulls
S2 G0@-3 00. ¦•--'.¦-;--- >¦- ..." • ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 28.000; to-morrow,
35,000; estimated lert over, 2500.. Opened 5c
lower; closed strong; top, $5 15; mixed, and
butchers', $4 85® 5 15: good - to choice heavy,
$4 9".1i."> 15: rough heavy, $4 6004 90; light, $4 50
@5 10: bulk of sale*. $4 90@5 05. ;.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000. Sheep, steady:
lambs, strong; good to choice wethers. $3 75©
4 70; fair to choice mixed, $3 4003 85; Western
sheep, »3 7t>#4 65-- Texas sheep. $2 60®3 60; na
tive lambs, $4@jN>0; Western lambs, . $5@5 60.
'New York Metal Market,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2 6 2% 6 2%
Closing ,... 6 1% 6 2% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 19 70 20 85
Closing 19 66 20 75)
• Flour-
Opening 25 65 26 75
Closing .....25 65 26 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery, 15ifr24c ; Dairy,
12020c. Cheese, dull; 10%@ll%c. Eggs, active;
Fresh, 23c.
Article — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* 80.00Q 67,000
Wheat, bushels 190,000 100.000
Corn, bushels 607.000 V 174,000
Oats, bushels 494.000 27R.0O0
Rye. bushels^ 3,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 64.000 160,000
Cash Quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and firm. No. 3 Spring Wheat,
68(g73c; No. 2 red, 75®77%c; No. 2 Corn, 36c;
No. 2 yellow. 36©-36»>ic: No. 2 Oats, 23%<E?21c-
No. 2 white, 26Hfg27c; No. 3 white, 25%(?T27c;
No. 2 Rye. 73c; Fair to Choice Malting, 56<8 COc;
No. 1 Flaxseed, Jl 57;'No. 2 Northwestern, |1 58;
Prime Timothy Seed, U 10; Mess Pork, per bbl,
$12 S7%<313: Lard, per 100 lbs, $6 95@7; Short
Ribs. Bides (loose), JO 50Q6 80; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed), bKffiVtc; Short Clear Sides
(boxed). V&! 10; Whiskey, basis of high wines,
$1 27; Clover, contract grade, $10 50.
600 Andes 08 1000 Mexican 42
600 Belcher 12 100 Occidental .... 04
900 Beet & Bel.... 32 100 Ophir 77
600 Challenge IS 600 Ophir 73
100 Chollar 20 1000 Savage 2*»
500 Chollar 19 1000 Sierra Nevada 23
700 Con Cal & Va.2 21 100 . Union Con 16
700 Ccn Cal & Va.2 20 200 Union Con .... 27
ICO Confidence 70 200 Utah M
100 Crown Point... 12 500 Yellow - Jacket. 18
600 Gould & Curry 3D
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes C'J 100 Confldenca .... S3
200 Belcher 10 200 Crown Point.. 11
SCO Belcher 11 300 Hale & Nor... 20
100 Best & Bel.... 27 500 Hale & Nor ... 21
200 Best & Bel.... 2s 300 Mexican 33
600 Chollar e... 15 800 Mexican .. 40
lOCO Chollar 17 100 Ophlr 72
100 ConCal & Va.lS: 400 Overman 10
100 Con Cal & Va.1 <w 100 Potost ......... IS
100 Con Cat & Va.1 90 100 Totosl ; J7
,600 Con Cal & Va.2 15 100 Silver Hill .... 49
Afternoon Session. .
300 Andes 10 3C0 Gould * Curry 32
200-Ande3 ;.. 0? 200 Hale &Nor... n
1000 Belcher ....... 11 1000 Justice ..;..... 02
200"Best & Bel.... 31 400 Mexican 40
200 Beet & Bel.... IS £50 Ophlr .......... 77
300 Best & Bel:... 27 200 Ophlr 78
ZOO Caledonia ..... 54 200 Ophlr - ' 7i
600 Challonge Con. I* 100 Ophlr 73
700 Chollar 16 3C0 Potosi W
600 Con Cal & Va.2 2i 300 Savage ij,
150 Con Cal & Va.2 17 200 Sierra Nevada 2«
700 Con Cal & Va.2 22 200 ' Sierra Nevada 27
¦ 2fiO- Con Cal & Va.2 10 300 Sierra Nevada is
150 Con Cal &-Va,2 05 2M Union Con.... U
350 Con Cal& Va.2 00 000 Yellow Jacket. 15
600 Gould & Curry 37 >
200 Bullion 03 600 Overman io
209 Caledonia ..... 53 200 Potosl is
200 Chollar IS 300 Potosl 17
1150 Con Cal & Va.1 So 200 Sierra Nevada, Z5
10O Crown Point.. 10 60 Union Cons.... 23
300, Mexican 37 150 Union Cons.... 2»
200 Ophlr 72
Afternoon Session.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yes
terday:
Morning Session.
Ehares. Closing.
SoM. Stock— Bid.
37,700 Atchison 45%
58.500 Atchlson pfd RTi*
3L300 Baltimore & Ohio 82^4
SCO Canadian Pacific 91
1.200 Canadian Southern „ £.6
«,100 Cheepeake & Ohio 40%
2.400 Chicago Great Western 16%
21,700 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy......l3STi
1.I00 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 24%
400 Clilcaro. Ind & LiQUlsvllIe pfd...... 61
200 Chicago & Eartern Illinois W
1G0 Chicago & Northwestern lfttj
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW TORK, Jan. 3.— The long-expected
etcna of liquidation broke over the stock mar
ket to-day and swept prices In a torrent of
eellir.g on a downward course, which was not
effectually checked even at the close of the
market. There were wide breaks by that time
and the precipitate celling ga\e the market
the appearance of a no m. -demoralization.
speculators who were long of stocks showed
many of the symptoms of panic in their scram
ble to save the profit which the prolonged rise
had created for them on paper. The market
was so topheavy hy reason of. the vast num
ber of accounts on narrow margins 'which in
fested it that the fall In prices gained mo
mentum as it proeres&ed. The widening out
of margins with the decrease in the face value
of stocks forced them to 6ale to prevent losses
by the broken". Whether any of the liquida
tion beyond this was forced would be difficult
to eay. The money market maintained a calm
eurface all day, the call lean rate ruling at
t% per cent or below that. There was a con
tinued shifting of loans, however. Incident to
it- enormous financial transactions involved In
the yearly settlement and the disturbance of
loans thus caused added to the unsettled feel
ing in the stock market. " The clearings to
day were I5S0.122.00C. which, with the single
exception of yesterday, is the largest total on
record. Many cauees are assigned to account
lor th« violent break, but the real root of
the trouble was fhat faith in the level of prices
began to be Impaired and a conviction was
borne In upon speculators that the large de
mand for stocks which they have expected to
continue during January has been pretty large
ly discounted. Of the causes contributory to
the flump most importance must be attached
to the advance In the Bank of England's dis
count rat*, which rose from 4 to 5 per cent.
Cabled reports from Ixwidon described gloomy
forebodings over the future, and the result
was a eharp Jump in sterling exchange rates
in New Tork and growth of a belief that the
New York money market will be called upon
for gold to relieve the strained condition of
the foreign money markets. The heavy liqui
dation in Sugar had a very unsettling effect
en sentiment, in which lt was commonly at
tributed to a veil-known steel magnate, who
has made hi« mark heretofore on the bear
eide of the stock market. The violent slump
in the rubber stocks on the reduction In the
prefem-d dividend was an additional disturb
ing Influence. The extreme decline in Rubber
was 7'a. Rubber preferred 9%, Sugar 6%. Met
ropolitan 6%. Federal Steel 6. and In most of
the' leading Industrial slocks between 2 and E
point*,. In the railroad list Erie flret preferred
declined 4%. Delaware and Hudson 4, Northern
Pacific !%. Baltimore and Ohio and Lacka
wanna each 3%,, Iowa Central preferred 3%,
Denver and flio Orande preferred and Chicago
Oreat Western preferred "B" S 1^. Kansas and
TV-taj* preferred 3%, Union Pacific 3%. and
throughout the railroad list from 1 to i points.
The closing was in many cases near the lowest.
The bend markrt was very active and liqui
dation was in force there as well aa in stocks,
but the deellne* In prices were by no means
as marked. Total sales, par value, tt.&&,000.
United States refunding 2s declined % and
new 4S <reg»Etercd) Vi on ths last calL
Nezv York Stock Market.
Article— Open, High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 74tt 74% 73H 73*
February 75 75^ 74>* 7*%
May 77tf 77% 76% 76%
Corn No. 2—
January S5T, 38^ 83% 35%
February 35% 86% 35% 36V4
May 86% ' 87*4 86% 37
Oats No. 2 —
January 22V4 22% 22W 22\
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 12 65 13 12% 12 65 12 80
May 12 85 13 25 12 75 12 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 87tf 7 06 6 87% 6 93
May 7 02% 7 17% 7 02% 7 10
Short Ribs, r>er 100 lbs *
January 6 62% 6 72% 6 52% 6 65 •
May 6 60 6 80 6 80 6 72%
CHICAGO. Jan. 8.— Wheat had an irregular,
nervous day. Under the depressing Influence of
unresponsive Liverpool cables, '¦ May opened %c
lower to unchanged at 76%©77%o. On buying
caused by light Northwest receipts a rally to
77*dic followed. The bulge moved to action the
desire for profits and a slump to 76% c was the
result. On this decline stop-loss orders came
out and there was even some short selling. The
corn strength then became an Influence and on
covering May recovered to 77?4c. Again sales
to secure profits became the order of the day
and as the recent broad demand was lacking
prices responded readily to the pressure. May
declined to "CVic and closed weak. %c under
yesterday at 76%c. There was scarcely any
cash business, prices being out of line.
Corn was moderately active. The market
opened easier on the good weather, but turned
strong on a good cash demand. The close was
firm, with May He higher at 37e.
Oats were fairly active and generally strong,
although there was some easiness at the start
on bull selling. May closed V t c higher at 24%c.
Provisions opened easy, but turned strong on
a good cash demand, particularly for pork and
ribs. Shorts and outside Interests were well
represented in the buying. Prices eased from
the top on profit taking, but the c'.ose. was
firm. May pork closed 22*)4®25c higher, lard
2HS5c up and ribs 10c Improved.
The leading futures ranges as follows:
San Francisco data: Maximum, temperature,
'-• minimum, 4S; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Owir^ to wire trouble reports are missing
fiom nearly all the northern stations, but it
is evident that a storm of som« severity and
•wide extent overlie* Oregon and Washington.
5 he storm arpears to be moving slowly south
ward. During the past twenty-four hours the
pressure has fallen .3 of an inch in the vicinity
of San Francisco.
The following maximum wind velocities are
rejKfted: Sacramento, 36 miles per hour from
the southeast; San Francisco, 2S from the
eoutheast; Carson, 4S from the southwest: Win
nemucca. T2 from the tauth; Lander, 32 from
The river at Red Bluff is sixteen feet and
rihing rapidly; there has been a rise of twelve
Jtet in twelve hours.
•Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
J&rurs ending midnight. January 4. 1301:
Northern California — Rain Friday; brisk to
high southeast wir.de. diminishing in force.
Southern California— Probably rain Friday;
brifk southerly winds.
Nevada— Rain Friday; high southerly winds.
Utah — Probably ra.'.n in northern portion Fri-
Cay; cloufly in southern portion.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
San Franci&co and vicinity— Rain Friday;
brisk southeasterly wind< changing to south
westerly. ALEXANDER G. ilcADIE.
Forecast Official.
Only four or five cases of Dressed Turkeys
came in.' Poultry 'as ia rule was in good shape
for sellers at! higher prices "for .-some, descrip
tions.;' A ear came ;, in frbm! the East. .
. Receipts of Game were: very large, being 223
sacks, and the market dragged In consequence.
Prices : were lower.*; all around. Considerable
carrled-over stock . was > offered; V '
¦\ POULTRY — Live' Turkeys.'- Ilffl2c for Gob-
Poultry and Game.
weak and cheap; - ''. ;'.-"
Southern Vegetables continue quiet, and as a
rule are not over firm. .' '
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@85c; Burbanks
30@40c for River and $1@1 25 per ctl for Sa
linas and GOiySSc • for Oregon: > Sweets, S5@50c
for Rivers and SOQSSc for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 65@2 per ctl; Cut Onions, 11©
1 23 per ctl. . ¦
•VEGETABLES— Green Peas. : 6@6c per lb*
String Beans, 6®l0c; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes.'
Los Angeles. $1@2 per crate: Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, lOSlte per Ob; Green . Peppers, Lou
Angeles, : 3H©6c per lb for Chile and S@10c for
Bell; Dried Peppcru,' 9® lie; Dried Okra, 10®15o
per lb ;. Carrots, 25@35c per, box {Hothouse Cu
cumbers/ $1 50 . per dozen: *,. Summer - Squash.
$160 per box; Garlic, '4@5c per, lb: Marrowfat
Squash, $10@15 per ton; Mushrooms, nominal.
Sweet Potatoes are weak. ' Onions are doing
rather, better again. Fine Potatoes are rather
firm than otherwise, but the lower grades are
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans continue firm, but prices show no fur
ther change.
. BEANS— Baycs. J2 5002 70; Small Whit*.
$4 &0@4 65; Large White, $3 65@3 80; Pink J2 10
©2 20; Red. $2 75<JT3: Blackeye, $3; LI mas. $5 50
@5 65; Pea. $4 25@4 50; Red Kidney, $3 7G^4 per
ctl. • -• ¦ - ¦ - - "¦¦
SEEDS— Brown "Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 5o@2 75;; Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7*4®9V£c; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4tfc;
Timothy, 4®4V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2®2 50; Green, $2 70
Q2 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
main as before.
BRAN— $14015 per ton. vi >
MIDDLINGS— $16 5(>@19 50 oer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barlty. |16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, |25@26: Jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal $26*i
26 60; Cracked Corn, $26 50@27; Mixed Feed
•fl5©16. '
HAY — Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $11@13 50-
Wheat and Oat, «0@12 50; Oat, JD@12; Clover'
nominal; Alfalfa, J8Q9 50; Barley, J7 60^9 so
1C STRa'w— 35@47%c per bale.
Hay Is steady and receipts are hardly as
heavy aa they have been. All Feedstuffs re-
Hay , and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California 1 , Family Extras, $3 23®
8 60. usual terms : Bakers* Extras, $3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon, $2 75<g2 85 *per barrel tor family and
{2 7&@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', |2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount . to the trade: Graham
Flour. *3 per 100 lbs: R.re . Flour, *«2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; nice- Flour, J7; Corn Meal, 12 75;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, $4 DO; Hom
iny, J3 5O@3 7»; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25*
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6(a
7 25: in sacks, $5 75®7: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, fa; Green Peas, ?5C0 per 100 lbs.
WHEAT— Although Liverpool and Parts fu
tures were both higher, the reaction at Chicago
expected on Wednesday was marked. "While
there, was no pronounced decline, either there
or at New Tork, the feeling was easier. At
the opening at Chicago there were large hold
ings for strong and aggressive parties, and it
was believed that the general speculative sen
timent was working into grain. Later on.
however, traders, in the absence of outside
buying orders, began to sell, and the market
declined. St. Louis also did some selling. The
foreigners likewise sold, but the Minneapolis
millers bought all they could get hold of. Con
siderable Wheat was dumped on stop orders.
The market was not without bullish features,
however. The Cincinnati Price Current said
that the Wheat supply Is now from 25,000,000
to 35,000,000 bushels less than a year ago, but
that the surplus Is larger than ever exported
during the - closing half of the season. One
large. Minneapolis company, operating 135
houses along the Great Northern Railroad, took
in only 3500 bushels yesterday, though the
roads are In perfect ¦ condition for market
ing. A lot of 150.000 bushels was reported taken
for export.
. The San Francisco market was weaker again,
both on and off call, with decreased trading.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, %V, milling, $1 02^@
1 05 per ctl. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15" o'clock— May— 12,000
Ctls. |1 04%; 12,000, $1 OS.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morr.lng Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The market was firmer and Feed
sold at a slight advance, with a good demand.
Other desoriptlons were firm, but unchanged.
Feed. 75@76 l 4c for choice bright, 72"4t?73%c for
No. 1 and 67Ui@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77H@S2*4c; Chevalier, nom
inal.
CALL BOARD 8ALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls, 73c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There is no change In the situation.
White, $1 30©l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25<gl 40 for Feed and %\ 3j@l 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, (1 15®1 20; for
Seed. $1 25*51 30 per ctl.
CORN— White Is held rather higher. Other
wise there is no change and tha market is
Ql Teriow, tl 12*4^1 15: White, »1 10@l 15; East
ern mixed. »L12% per ctl.
RYE— S5f87Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87U
Sterling Cables — " ; ft 4 SSVi,
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic ~- 17*4
Fine Silver, per ounce — $Z\
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60% @ 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK, Jan. 3.— Desirable grades of
evaporated apples were sharing a fair inquiry
at current rates, with general sentiment of a
bullish average owing .to the light receipts and
an absence of sellers. Prices at the close were
tending toward a higher level. State common
was quoted at 4@ l 5c; prime. 4%®5V!c: choice,
6H@6c; fancy, 7c California dried fruits ruled
dull.
PRUNES— Were nominally quoted at 3«VQ'3Ho
per lb as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark. 15S'16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16«T20c; unpeeled, 6®9c.
DRIED FRUITS.
# — ¦ — — »
NEW TORK. Jan. 8.— FLOXTR^-Recelpts. 89,
150 barrels; exports. 18,021 barrels. Dull and
easier,' with prices 6c to 10c lower to sell.
WHEAT — Receipts, 6S. 400 ;. exports, 24,575.
Spot— Easy; No. 2 red. 81%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red. 78*£c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S6Hc f. o." b.. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 80%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options— Exhibited weakness
all the forenoon, under stop-loss selling, un
satisfactory cables, lack of outside support and
a -bearish Price Current Weekly Review. Closed
weak. ; l@lHc net decline. March, 81%@82»ic.
closed Sl«,c; May. £1 9-16<g«3c. closed 81£,a
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-Steady. i
COFFER-Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 Rio, 7c;
mild market, dull; Cordova, 9"^®13«.ic Bmtures
—Closed quiet, with prices 6<a>10 points lower.
Total sales, S250 bagB. including: May, $5 90®
(•; August, $6; September, $6@6 10; October,
$6 05g< 10.
SUGAR— Raw, steady, but quiet; refined,
quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1312 packages; steady.
Creamery. 17@25c; June creamery, 17023c; fac
tory, U%@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 3237 packages; firmer. West
ern average packed, at mark, 22@26c; Western,
loss off, 27c. r -.- ¦
CTOth ilertaian— Pacific Time.)
SANFHANCISCO, Jan. 3—6 p. m.
The following are the Eeascnal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
lest season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says: "The
•prospects for the cctnlng year, as vlswed under
the infiuence of Deceit ber's record, are most
excellent, and there Is no reason to believe
that tie coming twelve months will be one
whit less prosperous than were 'hose of th«
year Just closing.
"The same old trouble relative t«. :he secur
ing of suitable and available vessels for the
transportation cf the lumber manufactured at
the r^any coast pine and redwood mills is still
attracting attention lrcm the millmen them
selves, and !t Is to be hoped that the next six
months will see several new Eteam schooners
enter upen the coast route. Th« mills need ad
ditions to the present fleet for two reasons,
main and Important in two conditions; first,
thsi.t the manufactured lumber would then b«
f?ul»Jecl to no possible delay In ehl&ment, and
ttie second, that the addition of the new craft
would tend to reduce the present prevailing
tiph rates. Tho next three months will find
r.ew vessels here la this port, plying between
the northern and southern ports, for several
are being constructed U*th In the Western and
Eastern States. This feature of delay and
high rates eliminated, the lumber business of
this city and vicinity will assume an entirely
new aspect and greater encouragement will be
offered to outside lnteretts to enter this field
cf lumber activities."
The Lumber Market.
The Back of England discount rate, which
•since July IS has been 4 per cent, was yes
terday advanced to 5 s>er cent, showing a
h&rder money market In London.
Bank of England Rate.
NEW YORK, Jan, &.— Tfca CCE2>K««la2 Ad-
London Market.
MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 20 lUttle Chief 1«
Alice <0 Ontario 5 75
Ilreece 2 00:Ophlr 68
Brunswick 20 Phoenix 10
Comstook Tunnel.. «4!Poto«l ....; ; 10
Con Cal & Va 1 63 Savage ., . li
Deadwood Terra... K Sierra Nivada..... JO
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes :t
Iron Sliver 65 Standard S 70
Leedvllle Oon O$
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ¦ I Union Paclflc 78T,
Call loans 4^5% Union Land S
Time loans 4©5 West End ..98%
Stocks — Bonds
A T & S F 45% Atchlson 4s 101%
A T & S F prefd.. 87'i N B Gas&Cbke 6s. 70%
American Sugar... 136% Mining Shares —
Am Sugar prefd.. .116H Adventure 10H
Bell Telephone.. ...151% Allouez Mln Co.... 3
ltoston & Albany.. *l£2 Amalg Copper 90%
Boston Elevated. ..159 Atlantic 28^
Boston & Maine. ..195 Boston & Mont....322
Chgo. Bur & Q....1S9 Butte & Boeton.... 78
Dominion Coal 3S% Calumet A Hecla..835
Dora Cbal prefd. ..10« Centennial 23H
Federal Steel. C3% Franklin 17%
Fed Steel prefd 76 Humboldt 60
Fltchburg prefd.. .139^4 Oeoeola 87U
G*n«ral Electric. .1S7>4 Parrot :.. :. 49
Gen Elec prefd 156 Qulncy 173
Ed Elec HI.... 245 Santa Fe Copper.. 6T4
Mexican Central... 14% Tamarack 820
Old Colony 205 Utah Mining 33
Old Dominion WA. Winona &*&
Rubber .25 Wolverines , 4S
CLOSING BONT>S.
U B 2s ref. «*.... 105H N T Cent lsts 10«H
U S 2s ref. coup.. 105% N J Cent gen 5s....l27Vi
U S 2b reg lrr.OA N Pacific 3s 71>,
U S 3s coup HOVi N Paclflc 4s 104%
U S new 4a re:j...l37%i N Y C & S L 4s. .107**
U S new 4s coup..13S N & V? con 4s 100
U S old 4s reg. ...Ill Or Nav lsts 110^
U S old 4s coup. ...lit Or Nav 4s... 103»4
U S 5s reg ..112»£ Or Short Line 6s.l29
V B 6s coup 112% Or S Line con C8..115U
Diet of Col 3.e?,s...l2> Reading Gen 4s.... 92>*
Atchison gen 4s... 1C2V. ROW lsts 98%
Atchlson adj 4«.... f7»i St L & I M con Bs.114
Canada So 2ds 10.1 Bt L & S F gen 6s.l26%
Ches & Ohio 4Vis..K4U St Paul cons 183
Ches & Ohio 5s. ...121 St P C 4 P lst»...117%
C & XW con 7S...13S St P C &. P 5s 119V-
C & NWSFdeb Bs.125 So Paclflc 4s S3 "
Chg:» Terminal 4s. 92H So Railway Ss 112«4
Colo Southern 4s.. 83*^ Stand R & T 6s... 71
D &¦ R G 4s lUHi Tex A Pac lsts 116%
Brie General 4s.... M Tex & Paclflc 2ds. 90'
F W & T> C lsts.. 78 Union Paclflc 4s.. 105
Gen Electric 6s.... IS 1 ) Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Central lsts.116 Wabash 2ds ..ltrt
L & N Unl 4s ICO'* West Shore 4s... ..113%
M K A T 2ds 76 Wls Cent lsts 85>*
M K. &. T 4s PS Va Centuries 96%
ZZ.-m Chlcaro, Rock Island & Pacific.... 117%
s,:oo cctk Louis 7*4
£00 Colorado Southern 7%
£00 Colorado Southern let pfd 42
100 Colorado Southern 2d pfd 16
B.SOO Delaware & Hudson 126%
400 Delaware, Lack Sc Western 1S9%
8.S00 Denver & Rio Grande 31
8.490 Denver & Rio Grande pfd 81%
75,000 Erl« 25>4
64.500 Erie 1st pfd 652*4
2,600 Great Northern pfd 188%
100 Hocking Coal 160
fcGO.Hocldng Valley ....; 41
L€00 Illinois Central 128
5.000 Iowa Central .'. 25
S.'MO Iowa Central pfd 6C4
400 Lake Erie & Western 4S
Lake Erie & Western pfd 112
Lake Shore 235
9.S00 Louisville & Nashville S5H
25,500 Manhattan L 112Vt
S.900 Metropolitan Street Ry 166%
4.100 Mexican Central UTi
400 Minn & St Louis 69«4
Minn & St Louis pfd .¦... 1C2
22.H)0 Missouri Paclflc 74
Mobile & Ohio 49%
1.000 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 15%
21.400 Mlseourl. Kansas & Texas pfd 43?s
600 New Jersey Central 145%
9.000 New York Central 141%
7.7U0 Norfolk & Western 43%
Norfolk & Western pfd S3
62. SCO Northern Pacific 81%
70.000 Northern Pacific, pfd 85%
37,000 Ontario & Western 2S%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 4!
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 76
21.500 Pennsylvania 146T4
47.300 Reading 2o">i
31.400 Reading 1st pfd 69%
21,000 Reading 2d pfd 3»%
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western pfd 90
3,200, gt Louis & San Francisco 22%
300 St Louis & San Fran 1st pfd 79
2.100 St Louis & San Fran 2d pfd 73%
4.6ft) St Louis Southwestern 1"%
4.200 St Louis Southwestern pfd 43Vi
87,700 St Paul 145»i
1.200 St Paul pfd _1S7
£00 St Paul & Omaha 127
59.400 Southern Paclflc 41Vi
16,700 Southern Railway 20
6,900 Southern Railway pfd 70Vi
16.100 Texas & Pacific 23?%
111,200 Union Pacific 79
10.400 Union Pacific pfd S2H
4.2J0 Wabash „. uQ
3.6O0 Wabash pfd U%
4.400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11'4
2,900 Wheeling V Lake Erie pfd 28%
1.000 Wisconsin Central 15S
700 Third Avenue 117
2.3O) Baltimore & Ohio prefd $5
6,2<X> National Tube 66
700 National Tube prefd 105
Express Companies —
Adams H5
American 175
' 1.000 United States 6"4
Wells-Fargo 1S3
Miscellaneous —
EOO American Cotton Oil 30%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 90
3>X» American Malting t%
4"''O American Malting prefd 26*^
4.600 American Smelting & Refng 64 1 *
600 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 95
American Spirits 1>£
American Spirits prefd .'.... 17
3.3H) American Steel Hoop 31%
3N) American Steel Hoop ptefd 77H
2S,&')0 American Sti»e-1 & Wire 43%
&y) American Ste«el & Wlr© prefd $'%,
S.SOO American Tin Plate 65V;
ls.r-00 American Tin Plate prefd M\*
1.200 American Tobacco 112
W.tOO American Tobacco prefd -.136
7,900 Anaconda Mining Co 47
21.C-00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82V4
1.500 Colorado Fuel & Iron ' E2 7 A
4.C60 Continental Tobacco SS%
29,000 Continental Tobacco prefd S3"4
500 Federal Steel B3H
1.200 Federal Steel prefd 76%
1.2O0 General Electric 1S6'
2,100 Glucose Sugar 6Mi
1,300 Glucose Sugar prefd 98
400 International Paper 21%
I S00 International Paper prefd 7S
Laclede Gas 70
4,100 National Biscuit 41>4
100 National Biscuit prefd 93H
400 National Lead 19V4
National Lead prefd 92
7. 4O0 'National Steel 41U.
National Steel prefd 92»4
New York Air Brake 155'
260 North American ...*. 19
400 Pacific Coast 58%
Pacific Coast l»t prefd 89
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ; 66
UCO Pacific Mail 414
17.&"0 People's Gas 101%
700 Pressed Steel Car £0
Pressed Steel Car prefJ S2V!
too Pullman Palace Car 1SS
Standard Rope & Twine 5H
110,600 Sugar 138
SCO Sugar prefd 118
11.500 Tennessee Cool & Iron 62%
4.600 United States Leather 13%
1,900 United States Leather prefd 76«4
4X200 United States Rubber 25%
6.500 United States Rubber prefd 74
5.100 Western Union ?2»4
14.300 Amalgamated Copper X 91
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel t 16%
L000 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63^
P C C & St Louts 68%
1.SC3.600 Shares sold, i
Every Respect.
France's new prison at Fresnes, some
eight miles, from Paris, is the largest la
the world. It takes the place of three
old prisons. Is situated tn a healthy dis
trict and covers, with it»* main buildings,
flower gardens and villa residence of of
ficials, over half a square mile.
The prison, unlike our penitentiaries. Is
not built on the star plan, but consists of
five rectangular blocks, one of which Is
the infirmary. The plan Is the cellular,
and the number of cells reaches the hugr*
total of 1SC4. ' As. however, accommoda
tion Is provided on the "association" sys
tem for 400 privileged prisoners, the total
criminal capacity of the Fresnes prison is
2224. As a sanitarium for the criminal
Fresnes is unique. As his or her present
home lt boasts the proud record of belns
only half full of crime, or at least punish
ment by imprisonment for crime, Is dim
inishing in France.
The system at FYesnes 13 Interesttaiy—
possibly lt is worthy of imitation. Tho
authorities believe in fresh air and sun
shine, those sworn tots, of tfc.e microbe
and friends of health. Hence, as already
stated, the prison Is a model sanitarium.
Otherwise the criminal Is gently educated.
He works at some trade and can purchase,
from the proceeds of his work extra food
and personal requirements — with the ex
ception of tobacco. "When the prisoners
go to worship, which is not compulsory,
or to "school," which Is, they wear hood3
so as to prevent mutual recognition on re
lease. In some of the workshops this
rule does not obtain. The reason for this
apparent Inconsistency is not clear.
Even the officials receive instructions on
such subjects a3 the prevention of crime*
and prison discipline, and as a result of
this the excellent idea of the whole prison
is admirably carried out. A final feature
of Fresnes is the severe simplicity of its
architecture compared with the baronial
style of many of our prisons. — London
Express.
Located in France, and a Model in
iLAHGEST PRISON IN WOBU>.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS., , ,-
Bank of England advanced its rate of discount to 5 per cent.
New York and Sterling Exchange higher. Silver weaker.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks continue to sell well.
Wlieat off again under decreased trading. Barley slightly higher.
Other cereals about as before quoted.
No further advance in Beans.
Hay and Feedstuff s remain as before.
Fine Potatoes firm, but lower grades weak and cheap.
Onions doing ratlur better again. Southern Vegetables quiet.
Eggs declining, but CJieese and Butter unchanged.'
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm. Game in excessive supply.
Oranges and Lemons in liberal supply, weak, dull. Limes quiet.
Provisions firmer at Chicago, but uncJtanged here.
Nothing new in the local Meat market. '
Hides weak and declining. Tallow lower.
CLOSING,
vet-User's London financial cablegram says:
There was universal heaviness In the markets
here to-day on the action of the Bank of Eng
land in advancing its minimum discount rate
rrom 4 to 5 per cent. The returns showed that
tne ratio of reserve to liabilities was only 29%
per c«nt. while S3 per cent Is regarded as the
safe minimum.
The South African news also was discour
aging and there were three more Exchange fail
ures, making thirty-six failures of members at
this settlement. Consols fell % and all the
markets followed suit.
Americans were heavily sold and the clos
ing was depressed, although New • Tork ab
sorbed stock most liberally and the Continent
bought at the reduction. Silver was weaker on
dearer mone;\
Jan. 3?— Atchison, 48: Canadian
Pacific. 93%; Union Pacific preferred, 86%:
Northern Pacific preferred. 90; Grand Trunk,
7%; Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, steady, 27 7-16d
per ounce.
. New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8.-Money on call easier
at 4%®5%o per cent; last loan. 4% per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 4?4©5% per cent; ster
ling exchange, firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 84% for demand and $4 820
4 82% for sixty, days; posted rates, $4 82%34 83
and $4 87; commercial bills, $4 Sl%®4 83: silver
certificates. 04©66c; bar silver. 6314c; Mexican
dollars, 60c; Government bonds, weak; State
bonds, steady; railroad bonds, week.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8,-To-days statement
Of the Treasury balances In th« general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $139,763,959; gold, $94,340,844.
Weakness < developed ¦ rapidly, . and *. before th«
close of business tin in London had declined
£3 to £118 6s and was tending still lower. ., :
¦ The, local , situation, following this informa
tion, dropped about 75 points ' and ruled wedlc
and • unsettled all day. Buy«rs, however, fail
ed to take advantage of the , low prices and
business • was t very slack.- • The closing ¦ figure
was nominal at $26 60. The rest of the list,
however, remains . quiet, ' with trading confined
chiefly to supplying immediate requirements.
Lake Copper ruled dull and nominal at $17 for
Lake Superior and $16 63% for -casting and
electrolytic,- while at 'London a loss of 7s 6d
was noted. .^
Lead and spelter continue quiet but steady
at unchanged - prices. . Iron markets in this
country were without material change, despite
the weakness abroad, where iron at Gloagow
declined 3s to 57s and Middleboro 9d to 49s.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. .3.— On the first call the
market was steady and 2 points higher to. 1
point lower. J Covering . soon became popular,
while^ Wall street and Western buying de
veloped on a small scale. Prices quickly re
sponded and at the best level were 2@4 points
above the close yesterday. : Before midday,
however, profit-taking carried values down 8
@12 points and for the . rest of the session
business was sluggish and of a professional
turn. Late in the session business took an
easier tone under fresh realizing and the mar
ket closed quiet with prices G@10 points lower.
OIL CITY. Jan. 3.— Credit balances. $1 20;
certificates closed $1 25 bid for cash.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 3.— Clearings. $435,281;
balances. $78,613.
Northern Wheat ; Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 8.— Wheat— Steady and un
changed. Bluestem, 57%c;'club, Me.
OREGON.
r.ES^J 1 *'* 1 * 1 *- Jai ** 3.— Wheat— Wall* Walla.
55%<8;56c. Foreign wheat exports from Portland
for the week ending to-day wera 758,612 bushals.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 3. —Consols, 97%; silver,
29 7-1M; French rentes, lOlf 85%o; cargoes on
passage, qule* and steady; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d.' <
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 3.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
•standard California. 6s 4d@«s 4%d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; weather in
En~land, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands. 5.17-32d.
CL/DS I !X G .
Wheat— Spot— Firm; No. 2 California, 6s 5d;
No. 2 red Western winter, 6s ll%d;- No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 2%d. Futures— Steady;
February, 6s l%d; March, 6s 2%d; May. 6s 2Hd.
CORN — Spot — American mixed new, quiet,
4s %d; American mixed old, firm, 4s 2d. Fu
tures—Quiet; March. 3s 9%d; May. 3s 8d.
Flour,; qrsks 7.227 Potatoes, sks 8.9S4
Wheat, ctls..-. 61.031 Wine, gals....: 43.400
Barley ctls .... 1,100 Pelts, bales 2.33,!
Oat«r ctls.... 1.110 Hides. No......... 470
Corn, East,. ctls... l.OOti Lime. bbls... ...... 273
Tallow, ctls........ 245 Onions, sks........ 19
Bugar, ctls......... 350 Hay. tons.......... 206
Bran- sks.:. ... 960 Middlings, , sks.:... 420
Beans, sks......... 39- Wool. , bales... 31
Silver- flasks...:.. 104 Shorts, sks 75
Leather, rolls..... 1M
- ¦ OREGON'.'
Oats, ctls 520IPotatoes. sks...... 201
. ; WASHINGTON. - (
Flour, qr . sks ....;. 5,934 Bran. sks. ..... . . . . 373
Oats ctls.... 4.440 Flaxseed, eks 631
r. . . UTAH. •
. Wrieat. ctls . . . . . ... 620 j-
THURSDAY, January S.
Receipts of Produce.
• - .¦ ___ ¦ ,.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July 6Hc; Wool Bags,
2S<4®32*t4c; Fleece Twine-. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, »9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks :
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *14: Cannel, Jio
per ton; Coke, *15 per ton in bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, ; $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according to brand. :
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c: Powdered. 5.73c; Candy Gran
ulatid,'6.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C,
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 60c more; 60-lb bags.
10c more. • No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent, r Dominoes, • half-bar
rel".' M"^: bnr-M". •,«.fi5o-r*r lb. . >
Receipts of Hawaiian Sugar at this port In
December were 21,774,700 lbs. ;
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 7©8c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, SS9c; small, W 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9®9%c; Ewes, 8%@9c per
pound. ¦ ¦ - \ ¦
LAMB-7l0@10%e per lb.
rORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small and 5%c for
medium and 6%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5@5*4c; dressed Hogs. 7Vi@8%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Tallow is lower. Hides are weak and declin
ing.
The Hide circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
says: "Wet salted hides continue weak and
very little stock has been sold during the past
week. Dry hides are in demand and sell freely.
Raited horse hides find ready sale at advanced
prlees,\but dry horse hld'?s are neglected. Deer
skins are on a good trading basis and sell
freely. Goatskins are in good demand. Sheep
skins are depressed."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salt»d Steers,
9%c: medium. 9c: light. 8@S%c: Cow Hides. 8%e
for heavy and 8®SV4c for lleht: . Stags. et^Hc;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c: Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, .15%c; culls, 13%c: Dry Kip,
15c; Dry Calf. 15@18c: culls and brands, 14c:
Sheepskins, shearling!", 20#30c each; short
TVool. 30@53c each; medium, 60^75o: long- Wool.
7. r >c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt. J2 50^2 75 for
large and %2<S2 23 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 60c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 60c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c:
fall or medium skins, 30c: winter or thin
r.klns, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; ?Jo. 2,
Se-3%c; grease; 2@2%c. .
WOOL— Spring clip Is ouotabla as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12@
14c Middle County, free, 15@16c; Middle County
defective, 12<S?14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9ftlPc: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', llfme: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9«nic: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
£M7c: Nevada, 13®16c per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln, 6V4<?8c: do lambs., 8@
3c* Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain
free. 10@llc: Southern Mountain. 7V4@S%c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Prices for Hog Products were higher on the
Chicago Board of Trade, but this market was
quiet and unaffected. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll@ll%c per lb for
heavy, Il%@l2c for light medium. 12%<3l3c for
light 13%014c for extra light and 15@15%c for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11%@
12c* Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel: extra Mess,
$13: Familv. $14: extra Prime Pork, $16: extra
clear. $19 60;- Mess, ; $17; Smoked Beef. 13c per
pound.
- LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c- 10-Jb tins. 10c; 6-lb tins, lOUc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8Uc; three
half-barrels. 8c: one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Provisions:
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-50s, 7c; 50-60S, 5Vic; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 8%c;
S0-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs. 2%c; 100s and over. 2s; ru
bles, >4c premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns, Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8e for Royals and 10@10%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5(g6c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, - 4@5c for standard, 6@8c for choice
and 6\i:iilc for fancy; Pears, 2®7c; Plume,
pitted. 6®6%c: unpitted. l@l%c; Nectarines, 6@
6%c for red and 5Hfi6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy. 10%c per lb: choice. 9%c: standard, 8%o:
prime, Sc: unbleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 DO per box: 3-crown, $1 80; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7%(39c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, lie: No. 2, 8c; No. 1
hardshell, 10c: No. 2, 7%c: Almonds, 12@13o for
paperBhell, 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts, 5©6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts. 13c: Pe
cans. 110130: Cocoanuts. J3 60® 5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14%c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7»i@Sc; light amber, extracted, 6%@7c; dark,
6@6V4c ner lb.
BEESWAX— 24 ®26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nats and Raisins.
Two cars will be offered at to-day's Orange
auction. Oranges of all sorts are in good sup
ply and weak and seedlings are lower and dull.
Lemons are still plentiful and dragging and
Limes are also quiet, owing to the cold
weather. .
I'Lady Apples are out of favor and lower.
' DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 30@«0c per box for common, and 65c
(all 25 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 11® 1 75;
Oregon Spltzenbergs. Jl@l 25;' Lady Apples,
Jliffl 50 per box.
PEARS— 50c@U per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, fl3: Wisconsin*,
$13 50; Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay. $2 30
Q2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Sl@2 25;
Seedlings, 60c@$l 25; Tangerines, $1@1 25; Man
darine, WS'l 2i>: Lemons, 2Gc&$l 2a lor common
and $1 50(S2 25 for good to choice: Grape Fruit,
50c® J2; Mexican Limes, $4 60@5; California
Limes. 25@35c; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, J1S2 per dozen. „•• ';
Deciduous and Other Fritits.
Creamery — Extras, 26c; firsts, 24c; seconds,
22c. .
Dairy— Extras, 21c; firsts, 19c; seconds, I80;
store, 13c. ¦¦¦¦;. .
• Storage — Creamery extras. 22%c; firsts. 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras. .
Pickle— 20c per lb.
Keg— 2Cc per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 13c: choice. He;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13c; East,
ern. full cream, lS@16%c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white. 31o; mixed
colors, 2So per dozen,
California - gathered— Fancy, 27c; ' standard.
; seconds, :
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 27c;
seconds, . -
Storage— California fancy, 25c; standard, ;
Eastern fancy. 25c; standard, ; seconds.
A decline in the medium grades of Egg» was
the only change on the Dairy Exchange.
Extra Creamery Butter continued steady, but
all other grades were in heavy stock and weak.
Supplies of Cheese were still light. Ranch
Eggs were in light suply and steady, but store
and other lower grades were in Increasing sup
ply.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 25,700 lbs Butter, 436 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 6300 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
biers and 12%@13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
15@17c; Geese, per pair. *1 75@2; Goslings, II 75
©2; , Ducks, $4 5*36 for < old . and i $5 50®6 50 for
young; Hens, $3 60@5; Young Roosters, $505 50;
Old Roosters, $484 50; Fryers. S5@5 50; Broilers,
$4 £0@6 for large and 13 50@4 for small; Pig
eons, »1®1 25 per dozen for old and J2@2 25 for
Squabs. .
GAME— Quail, Jl 25@1 60; Mallard, I2@3: Can
vasback, J2S3; Bprig, $1 50® 1 75; Teal, 75c©Sl:
Widgeon, 75c@$l; Small Di*-k. 60@75c; Black
Jack, $1@1 25; Gray Geese, SS; White Geese,
$1®1 25; Brant. $1 23@1 50 for small and $2 for
large; Honkers, J3<34 50; English Snipe. $1 75;
Jack Snipe, Il@l 25; Hare, II 25; Rabbits, $1 25
©150 for Cottontail and jl for Brush; Dcves,
75c per dozen. . ¦
Ger S & L.-.1860 1900 fSav &.L So..— —
Hum S & L.. — — (Sec Sav Bk...37S —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U...500 — |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS, \
California ....123% — O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st ...... 45 — Presidio 17tf H
Market-st .... 69% 63%
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgortt > S%
Giant Con Co. &3'i S3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6% — Kllauea S Co.. 20% 21
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makawell S Co 40% 41
Honokaa S Co. 31 31% Onomea S Co.. 23 2SH
Hutch S P Co. 25H — Paauhau S Co. 31% 31%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.123%124% Oceanic S Co. 103 103%
Cal Fruit Asn.103%104 Pac A F A... 3 —
Cal Wine AssnlOO 101 Pac Bor Co... 153 154
Her Ex Assn. 37 100 Para Paint Co. 12% —
ilornin- Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Association 123 75
10 Alaska Packers" Association, b 5. ..123 75
65 Angio-Cal Bank 76 CO
60 Contra "Costa Water 7100
10 Giant Powder Con 83 60
JoOOO Hawaiian C & S Co. 5s 103 E0
10 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
60 Market-street Railway 69 37&
60 Market-street Railway 69 25
60 Paclflc Gas Imp „.. « W
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 60
So S F Gas & Electric Co 45 37%
$1000 StP of A bonds 110 60
65 Spring Valley Water 83 25
1 Spring Valley Water 93 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
75 Alaska Packers' Association 123 75
15 California Fruit CSanners' 103 75
CO California Wine Association 100 00
60 Hana Plantation Co C 50
& Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 8S 00
50 Honokaa S Co 31 25
65 Kllauea Sucar Plantation Co 20 87%
10 Market-street Railway 63 50
25 Market-street Railway 69 31n
15 Pacific Gas Imp 45 00
15 S F Gas & Electrio Co 43 25
30 S F Gas & Electrio Co. s SO 45 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. ¦ 90 45 00
$2000 S P of A bonds 110 60
3 Spring Valley Water 93 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1000 Four Oil Co.. 19
2500 Hanford-FTesno-Kern River SS
600 Hanford-Fresno-Kcm River, a 30.... 3$
100 Home Oil 4 20
100 Junction 64
10O Junction 63
1000 Lion Oil Co 20
1000 Lion Oil Co 19
' 600 McKlttrick 35
150 McKittrlck Consolidated 40
1000 Monarch of Arizona 55
700 Monarch of Arizona 68
100 Occidental of W Va 65
25 Oil City Petroleum 86 60
2100 Petroleum Center , 2$
1300 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
3800 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
S0O Reed Crude Oil Co, b 10 74
100 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 13 75
M0 Twenty-Eight 2 45
300 West Shore 8 75
Street—
IPO San Joaquln OH mid Dev 13 25
25 San Joaquln Oil and Dev 13 75
Afternoon Session.
Board
1400 Caribou 53
155 Petroleum Center 28
1500 Petroleum Center ;..* 27
1000 Petroleum Center 29
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
1150 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
60 Peerless 6 50
SO Peerless 5 75
300 Peerless 6 00
50 Peerless 8 37%
300 Monarch of Arizona. 70
250 Monarch of Arizona 71
100O Lion Oil Co , 19
100 Junction 63
300 Cala-Standard 87
600 Cala-Standard 33
275 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 13 25
50 San Joaquln Oil and Dev 13 50
100 Sterling O and D Co , 3 10
60 Kern Oil Co .'. 1100
100 Home Oil 4 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 3-2:30 p. m.
STOCK. Bid. I AsS.
Burlington — 25
California-Standard 87 33
Caribou^ 63 64
Four ...*. 68 —
Hanford — 125 00
Home 4 15 4 23
Independence 21 22
Kern — 1100
Kern River 16 60 —
Lion Oil Co.... — 20
Monarch of Arizona 72 75
Junction 62 65
McKittrlck 36 —
Occidental of West Virginia.. 65 —
Oil City Petroleum — 83 00
Petroleum Center • 28 —
Meed Crude «3 72
San Joaquln O & D Co.. 13 00 13 60
Sterling O & D Co 3 10 —
Twenty-eight — 2 47H
Westshore 3 60 3 75
Yukon — ¦ 50
Peerless 6 37% 8 60
; .V . . ¦ : .
MINING STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 76 — First Natlonl.MO —
Bank of Cal.. 409 412% London P & A143 —
Cal S D & T..104 — Merchants' Ex 18 —
! SAVINGS BANKS.
Cent L&PCo- 454 Pacific L Co.. 43'i —
Eqult G L Co. 2% 3 Sac E G&R Co — 40
Mutual E L Co 3 10 S F G & E 45 45'i
O6L& H.... 49 50 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pao Gas Imp. 44%— Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 —
BANK STOCKS.
Contra Coeta.. 70% — l Spring Valley. 83 M
Matin County. 61% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 3—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 114 115 43 do cp (new). 138 13S>i
4s do reg 114 115 Ss do coup lll> 111
MISCELLAXEOUa BONDS.
Bay Co PCo5sl04% — Oak Water 39. — 103%
Cal-6t Cab 5s. 116 UGH Oceanic SS 5s.lC8 108%
C C Water 6s. 106 — Om C Ry 6s... 12$ —
-Ed L & P 6s. .131 135 Pac G Imp 4 S . — 100
*P & Cl Ry 6s. 114% — P & Cl Ry Bs.lOS —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R 6s. — —
II C & S 554s. — — Powell-M R 6s. US —
Do 5s 103%— Sac E GAR 5s. — 100
L A Ry 5s.. ..111% — S P & SJV 53.113% —
L A Lt Co 8s. — — S R of Cal 6a. — 113
Do gntd 6s. — — S P R of A 6s. — _
L A gntd 5s.. - - S P C 6s (190o.
L A P R R 53.100 — Series A)....103U _
Market-st 6s. .126 — Do (Series B)110V* —
IH> 1st M 63.122U — Do (1906) ....112 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 113 Do (1912) •;¦¦*£?*¦ — ,
N R of Cal 6s. - 113 S P R 1st K SslOJ lOS'J
Do 5s ........119 — S P B R C 6b.131 —
N P C R R 6s.l01 — 3 V Water 6s.. 11414 —
Do 53 105%— Do 4s 103% —
N Cal Ry 6s. .110*4 — Do 3d mtee..lO2 —
O G L & H 6s — U1H Stktn Gas 6s..l01%103
Oak Tran 6s... — —
WATER STOCKS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
bonSc In the morning, with an adTance In
8pr!nz Valley "Water to J33 75. There wu
nothing new in the afternoon.
The oil stocks were not as lively as on the
preceding day. though ' a good business was
done and prices were firm as a rule. In _the
afternoon: Monarch of Arizona sold up to 71c
and Petroleum Center to 29c There were sales
Of Peerless at J5 6O@6 37.
The' following oil dividends wer« paid In
December: " American Fuel. $1000: Burlington,
JGOO; Home. $10,000; Kern Oil. S23.000.
The Belcher Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO^ CALL, FRIDAY, jAJSTTJARY 4, 1 901.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
S. | M. | T. | W. ;
IT.
IF.
F
-,i s -i mm
i — i
~n~~
m
*l
I 5 Moon's Phases.
•!—
«l-7| 81 9 !
! — ! ! i-
! io !
i — :
!H|
I 12 (C:\Full Moon,
¦ 'vA/ January A.
13 | 14 | 13 1 15 |
I I t L
mi
i i.
!» |
I 13 I «" Last Quarter.
k< January 13.
20 | 21 | 22 I S3 1
! 24 i
i 23 I
I »6 ' fl* w Moon.
. iw Januaxy 3).
'' t .
27 I a | » I SO f
fa
-j^ nrst Quarter
J& January 27.
i This
L 1
I.ft-'i
lours)
j Season.
Se.
i.
'.io
.a
.Cl
11.16
7.70
7.S0
19.11
13. :>
12. C9
IS. 4S
r T,
I
¦a^:e
2.27
10.10
6.79
1.73
€.03
J.OO
12.25
4.56
2.44
i This
L 1
I.ft-'i
lours)
j Season.
Se.
i.
'.io
.a
.Cl
11.16
7.70
7.S0
19.11
13. :>
12. C9
IS. 4S
r T,
I
¦a^:e
2.27
10.10
6.79
1.73
€.03
J.OO
12.25
4.56
2.44
S. | M. | T. | W. ;
IT.
IF.
F
-,i s -i mm
i — i
~n~~
m
*l
I 5 Moon's Phases.
•!—
«l-7| 81 9 !
! — ! ! i-
! io !
i — :
!H|
I 12 (C:\Full Moon,
¦ 'vA/ January A.
13 | 14 | 13 1 15 |
I I t L
mi
i i.
!» |
I 13 I «" Last Quarter.
k< January 13.
20 | 21 | 22 I S3 1
! 24 i
i 23 I
I »6 ' fl* w Moon.
. iw Januaxy 3).
'' t .
27 I a | » I SO f
fa
-j^ nrst Quarter
J& January 27.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k Steamers Ieavs Bmsulwar
h>fc wharf, San Francisco:
f^h, For AJoskan Ports— li a. ra..
t-XHtlt Jan * •*• '• "• 18. a. *«. 81. Feb.
BSS'KjaW'*. 5 - Change to company's steam-
SA*5\ft4 er " at SeatUe.
PSFScSffl Nral For Victoria. Vascouv«r (TX
R^hrfgai C.), Port Townseai. Seattle.
E^^^E^^Sa Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes,
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
U a m.. Jan. 1. 6. U. 16. 21. M."
II. Feb. 5, and every fifth day tharaafter.
Change at Seattle for this conu>any*B steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Taooxna
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. Jan. 3. S.
13. 18. 23, 23. Feb. 2. and every fifth fiay there-
after.
For San Diego, stopstng only at Saata Bar-
bara. Port Los Angelea and RMondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen, Wednesday*. 9 a. ra.;
steamer Santa Ros» Sundays, t a. m.
For Santa Crua, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenexne, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Baa Jcae del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas ill ex.) — 10 a. ra. 7 th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlgU to cnangs
steam«rs, sailing dates and hours of tailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- i New Montgomery
street <Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEA3IER3 TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«*r-str»set Wharf at 11 a, tsj.
CARP f' 2 / lrst Class Including Berth
|M lit $3 Second Class and AUals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 8. 13. 23. Feb. J
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. 13, a
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market rt.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Branndn streets, at 1 D. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnx at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and)
connecting at Hongkong -with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day oC
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January U, 19C1
SS. NIPPON MARU ...!7!/*
Tuesday. February 19 1301
ES. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March U, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's o£ce.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
H2W TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PAHIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington .....Jan. 3|Vaderlan<l Jan. S3
Noordland Jan. IS New Tork: F»tx •
Fiiesland Jan. £3 1 Kensington Feb. IS
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp*
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Kenslnsrton .....Jan. StSouthwark .."... .Jan. SO
Noordland Jan. 18 Westernlamt ...Feb. »
Frlesland Jan. 23 1 Kensington Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agrent Paclflo Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
AAAonf *» C Q PiS ¦"**"• ft** 0 ** HV *
oceaaics.s.to.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.. .....:... •
; , Sunday. January «, 1 p. *sl-
S& ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. January 18. 2 pv m..
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
"Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, January 23, at 9 p. in.
L D.SPBECKELS k BEOS. CO.. Basra! Agents. 327 Market St
Sea'l Passenger Ctfa, 643 Birtet St, Piar h. 7. Paafc St
"PANAMA R. VS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Fare— Cabin, $75; Steerage. $40. ¦
S. S. ROAHOKE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st . at 1 p. ta.
Freight and pas«en«r*r offlc*. 330 Market »t-
F. F.' COSNOn, Paclflo Coast Agent.
f ¦ *
COMPAONIE QENERALE TBA5SATLASTXQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
yalllnjc every ThursJay. ln*toad of ligJlTr}
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4_ - i '¦ •'•*¦'
North Klver. foot of Morton »tr«*t. First class
tu Harre 155 and upward. Second class to
HaTre »« and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR L'MTED STATES AND CANADA. M
Montgomery «venue. Pan Francisco. Tickets
; sold by «11 Railroad Ticfcet Agents.
BAY AND BIVKB, STEATVTPrRS,
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "A'ontlcelta."
HON., Tues... Wed.. Thurn. and Sat. tt »:O
a. m.. 1:15. 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m and 8:39; Sundays, 10:30 a, m. t
p m. Landing and office. MUston-itrMC Dock.
Pier No. 1. Telephone Main 15CS.
FARE .Mo.
AUCTION SALES
£a» auction. £a
A MASCOT STABLE,
11C6-11CS Golden Gata ave.,
SATURDAY JANXTART 8
At 10 a. m. without reserve.
FIFTT HEAD OF • WELL-KNOWN TROT-
TERS. ROAD HORSES AND CARRIAGE
AND SADDLE HORSES, together with bus-
gles, surreys and harnesses, for tha benefit
of my creditors.
By order of DAN MeCARTT.
- S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.Harold Glrvin. miner, j Ban Francisco,
filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. Kl3
liabilities are $5409 25, and he.h&e no aj-
Bets.. . .
Vlclvious Dodson, a farmer of r>ownle
ville. also filed a petition- He owes $32uO
and has 1154 assets.
Two Insolvents.
Knocked Down by a Milk Wagon.
L. A. Upton, an elderly machinist from
Stockton, at present ••eliding at 207 Powell
street, was knocked down last night at
the corner of Stockton and Market streets
by a milk wagon driven by Joseph Peters.
Upton was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where it was found that his left arm
was broken. Peters was arrested and
charged at. the Southern Police Station
with battery.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued in the County-
Clerk's office to-day:
William H. Baker of San Francisco
aged 35. to marry Kate A. Lyons or
Berkeley, aged 31; William A. Hartnup of
London, England, aged 30, to marry Mar
garet E. Howell of San Francisco, aged 30~
Corbett Intimates Desire to Pay.
i.«rry «_<rr*u peemR deposed to abide
B| tht stipulation made with Chief Sulll-
M , tn P^nA guilty to the remaining: cases
in the Police Courts, notwithstanding the
CohS^H 0^ * 1 f bls «"°niey. George D.
tiZn 'ivl** lw *°«M tenore the utipula-
I'ani' D*\. VSf. rsLB *» ot Corbett. WII
i*? «.?»]£ *".' 1 Mclnerney. known
called in t^m \c commlsslon cases. w«re
the reiiuMtiSr*? 10 /"" 1 ' 8 court yesterday,
the F^eri^ r^ havln 5. be «n received from
S3 !atE£2L7£!?r*. orbett wa * Present
mated th « fee would pay the fines.
At the meeting of th? Servian-Montene
grin 8oclety Wednesday night the officers
recently' elected were installed as follows:
L. Gernovich, president; J. Kukavich,
vice president; S. Jovovich, treasurer: 8.
Sargenvich, recording secretary; O. Da
bovich, financial secretary; K. Btadovicn,
J. Vuchovich. M. Zenovlch, S. M. Ganlcb,
board of directors.
New Officers Installed.
Cable Car Runs Into a Wag-on.
r>uring the height of the storm last
evening car No. 40 of the Valencia-street
cable line ran into the express wagon of
Joseph Kogarty, who lives at 277 Clemen
tina ptreet. The collision occurred at Mar
ket and Seventh streets. The horses at
tached to the wagon took freight and ran
away for 100 feet, being stopped by Polics
Officer J. J. Moriarty, who had his uni
form damaged. Fogarty, the driver of
the wagon, was hurled from his Beat bv
tho collision, and his left arm and We
were badly injured. He declined to be
taken to the Receiving. Hospital and was
conveyed to his home.
James Lelth. who was arrested early
New Year's morning by Policeman IIur-1
at Geary and Kearny streets after a des
perate struggle, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of burglary.
The articles found on him when arrested
were Identified yesterday by William
Robinson of 3244 Twentieth street as hav
ing been stolen from his house Monday
night.
Booked for Burglary.
S-p^rintendent Frank A- Leach and
Statistician Charles G. Yale of the United
States Mint of this city have made the
following approximate estimates of the
production of gold and sliver of Califor
nia. Aluska and the Klondike for the cal
endar year 1900:
" The production of gt>ld In California was
rn.377JSA and of Fllver $562,292; total J14,-
BSM7S, Ani«rifan Alaska, including Nome,
produced $7,771,<MS in gold and $157,135 In
i-ilver; total. I7.&CSJS3. Of this total Nome
cistrict alone contributed J5.100.000 in gold
fcr.d 6ilver. The estimate for Northwest
Territory. Klondike district, is 122.287,566
in gold and silver, as against $16,254,017 in
ISM. Alaska produced in 1899 $5,831 .&5, in
cluding Nosne. *o there is a marked in
ert a se. mainly from Nome. The Califor
nia product was less In 1900 than in the
; reviotis year owing to the continued dry
fi'ason and lack of water for mining pur
poeea. ¦
'J-hr^e estimates are based on the re
f^pts of gold and silver by the San Fran
«sco Mint. Selby Smelting Company,
.li rated States assay office at Seattle and
other mints, assay office* and re
ntKTlen in the United States. More com
1 ( C* » and de tailed statistics will be fur
f •• lat * a "» wne » the figures are all
available.
to Water Scarcity.
California's Product of Precious
Metals Shows ' Falling Off Due
SILVER MINED ON
THE PACIFIC COAST
FERRY BUILDING
IS DAMAGED
While the storm was at Its height last
evening a large section of the ventilator
on the roof of the ferry building was car
ried away. Although built stoutly, the
fury of the wind ripped the ventilator
from the roof as though it had been
matchwpod.
Fred Raabe, assistant superintendent of
the Belt Railroad, who was on the roof
at the time, had a narrow escape from
being carried away with the wreckage,
but managed to make his way to safety.
About thirty feet of the ventilator was
carried away, but the damage can be eas
ily remedied. ;
H. Van Vleck, formerly a naval engi
neer and latterly connected with a L«os
Angeles railroad, has been appointed as
sistant supervising engineer of the trans
port tervice, Mr. Humphreys, 'who has
so ably flll&d the position, will now re
sume his proper position as civil engineer
of the transport service.
Henry Madison, the popular vice presi
dent of the Harbor Republican Club and
head of the firm of Madison, Bruce &.
Sellars, received a unique present yester
day. It is the cartridge belt, containing
two cartridges and a dagger, taken from
the remains of the Spaniard who killed
Hamilton Fish at the battlo of San Juan
¦Hill. The things were sent to Mr. Madi
son by Abe Adler, Deputy United States
Marshal of New York City, through his
cousin. Ike Tuckler. Mr. Madison is more
than pleaeed with his present.
Lieutenant Commander .- C. G. Calkins
has been detached from the Hydrographlc
Office here and ordered to report at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard. He is to be ap
pointed executive officer of the armored
cruiser New York.
Lieutenant J. C. Burnett, retired, has
been ordered. to duty at the naval recruit
ing rendezvous on Market street.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
let a contract to James H. O'Brien, for the
paving of seawall lots 4, 5 and 6 with cob
bles for $2200.
Robert Wakefleld, contractor for th©
building of four. new piers between Lom
bard ( and Union streets, was ordered to
proceed at once with the work. Wake
field shows no signs of making a begin
ning. , _ .
WIND DELAYS
FIRE LADDIES
. The firemen were called out three times
within twenty minutes last evening, two
of the alarms being caused by crossed
wires, while the third was due to a burn
ing curtain in a house on Leavenworth
street. The. department had hard work
getting to the hre on account of the fierce
wind. Blankets, coats and hats were
blown, from the wagons, and Captain
Comstock of the fire patrol had a narrow
escape from being upset on Post stFeet,
his horse taking fright at a lot of soap
boxes which were blown into the street.
A young woman who 'declined to give
her name was blown across Bush street
against; a telegraph pole about- 8 o'clock
last evening.- She was picked up ¦ In • a
dazed condition and carried Into the Cali
fornia Theater, where her. Injuries were
dressed by the theater attendants.
DAMAGE OF
T1INOR NOTE
In the damage done by, the storm the
police reported the following 1 :
Sixty feet of a stable shed on the south
side of Market street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, blown down on the side
walk.
The fence at the. baseball grounds.
Eighth and ,Folsom streets, blown down
on three sides, the .balance of the fence
being in a .dangerous condition and re
quiring a police cordon around it. to pre
vent danger to pedestrians.
Windows and signs at Studebaker'a car-
Argument was heard yesterday by
United States Circuit Judge Morrow in'
the case of The Sanitary Reduction Works
vs. The California Reduction Company
On behalf of the defendant appeared Gar
ret McEnerney; and Attorneys Learning
and Harding. Attorneys Percy Mitchell
and Tilden appeared for the plaintiff. Tha
argument will be resumed this morning.
About a year ago the plaintiff was
granted a fifty-year franchise to burn all
garbage collected in San Francisco and
to collect 20 cents per cubic yard for th->
service. It being the most valuable feature
of the franchise that the grantee was to
have an absolute monopoly of the busi
ness of disposing of garbage. The defend
ant collected garbage and had it trans
ported on barges to S^ji Mateo County
where it was disposed of. The plaintiff
thereupon asked for an injunction alleg
ing that the defendant was Infringing un
lawfully upon its franchise. -
Testimony was taken in the case'several
months ago by Unite-1 States Court Com
missioner Heacock, and the matter was
argued yesterday upon the transcript of
that proceeding. Mr. McEnerney occupied
the whole of the afternoon In contending
that the franchise is as illegal and tha*
the injunction prayed for should not bo
granted.
lawful Monopoly.
Garret McEnerney Contends That
the Franchise Creates an Un-
SCAVENGER CASE IS
NOW BETNG ARGUED
Masuji Miyakawa, the alleged Japanese
reformer, who was accused of extorting
money from T. Mulro. keeper of a house
of Ill-fame at 612 Dupont street, was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday in $1000 bonds. The
case has dragged along in the court for
months.
Maud Blevin, hairdresser on Gearv
Ftreet, charged with threatening to kill
I^eon Navlet, saloon-keeper at Geary and
Mason streets, created a scene in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday by going into
hysterics. She was led out of the court
room by Bailiff Coughlln. and when Nav
let took shelter in Judge Cabaniss'
court she followed him and begged him
to take her back and forgive her. She
was again dragged out of the court by
Policeman Joy, and she kept on sobbing
and shrieking in the corridor till some
people led her out of the hall. Her case
will come up again to-day.
Frank Silva of 89 Jackson street swore
to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday for the arrest of Joseph Dreck.
a Bailor, on the charge of threats to kill.
r>reck has been standing in front of
Sllva's Ftore flourishing a big knife and
tr-Hing every passer-by that he wanted
Silva's life blood. Sllva had him ar
roBted over a year ago for disturbing the
peace.
Police Court Notes.
DENVER. Jan. 3.— Miss Belle Fremont
of the. Bostohians, who is ill with pneu
monia at the Tremont Hotel in this city
is in a critical condition. '
Legal Tender of Silver.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Representative
Hill of Connecticut Introduced ; a bill to
maintain the legal tender of silver dollars
at parity with gold. This and the bill of
Representative Levy c of ' New, York on
similar lines, will be taken up next Thurs
day'by the Committee on Coinage and
fixed for. hearing.' • ¦_ , , •
Ill With Pneumonia.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 3.— The directors of the
Cured Fruit Association to-day, after two
full days of consultation with the pack
ers, decided to put all matters looking to
an improvement of the prune market into
the hands, of the executive committee of
the association. . This committee has been
given full power to act. The whole situa
tion has t ,been gone over and directors of
both -the association and the packers'
company.'Beem unable to find a solution to
relieve the market.
' Advertising In order to create a demand
for/ prunes; was. discussed to-day and It
is< believed^this method of awakening a
demand .' may be -taken up. President
Bond refused to state what was done at
the meeting further than that matters had
been left to ¦ the executive committee.
Matter Plaoed in the Hands of the
Executive Committee.
DISCUSS PRUNE MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 3.— Bobby Walthour left
no doubt as to his position at the close of
the fourth day, or forty hours of riding,
at Park Square Garden to-night. He had
a good ten feet on Stinson, who was his
closest competitor. Walthour"s distance
was 759 miles 4 laps.
There has not been a tumble of a se
rious nature to-day and the men seem
to be fresh and able to go. Contrary. to
expectation!", there were no * attempts at
lapping all day.
The figures for the forty hours and
fourth day were as follows: Walthour,
Stinson. McLean. Kaser, McEachern.
Downey and Fischer, 769 miles 4 laos:
Babcock, 758 miles 7 laps; Muller, 749 miles
2 laps.
WAIiTHOITR STILL LEADS.
But Ten Feet "Ahead of Stinson in the
'• '"•".',.' : Six-Bay Race.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— The President
to-day Kent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Oscar F. Williams of New York, to be
Consul General at Singapore; Frank R.
Mowrer of Ohio, to be Consul at Antigua,
W. I.: Frederick E. Rlttman of Ohio, to
be auditor for the War Department;
James E. Harlan of Illinois, to be Attor
ney General of Porto Rico; Captain H.
Shaw, assistant surgeon U. S. A., to be
surgeon of volunteers, 'with rank of ma
jor: Corporal George Ste.unenberg, Troop
A, Eleventh United States Cavalry, to be
first lieutenant; Commander Augustus G.
Kellogg U. S. N., retired, to be trans
ferred from the lurlough to the retired
pay list, in accordance with the provisions
of section 1549 of the Revised Statutes.
James E. Harlan of Illinois Named
for Attorney General of
Porto Rico.
PRESIDENT SENDS HIS
NOMINATIONS TO SENATE
VAN WERT, O.. Jan. S.— A gangjof nine
robbers blew open - lhe safe of \VMllain
Hoagland's general store at Cavette, six
miles north of here, early to-day, took $500
in cash and valuable napers. and escaped
after a desperate battlo with the citizen?.
Soon after the robbers had entered ihf?
store they were discovered by Mr. Hoajj
lnnd, whose dwelling adjoins. He volun
teered to open the safe to prevent Its do
ftruction. but his offer 'was declined.
Hoagland summoned a posse of citizens,
who arrived in time to hear the explosion
of the safe. They opened fire on the rob
bers and over 10O shots were exchanged.
As the robbers tired they retreated toward
the edge of the village, where they hart
stationed several buggies stolen from
farmers. In these they escaped. The
posse followed for several miles, but the
robber* outdistanced (hem. None of the
citizens were hurt. It is thought one of
the robbers was wounded.
After Having' Bobbed a Safe Nine
Highwaymen Escape Pursuit
by Posse. ¦
CITIZENS HAVE FIERCE
FIGHT WITH ROBBERS
Varney W. Oaskill, secretary of the
California commission which had charge
of this State's exhibit at the Paris expo
sition, returned home Tuesday with his
wife and Is at the Occidental. Mr. Gas
kill speaks very highly of this State's
showing at the exposition. He says that
out of 400 exhibits made by California,
f<5 per cent were awarded prizes, which is
an exceptional record, especially since all
•wines having foreign names were ex
cluded from the competition. As is well
known, some of California's best wine
products have French names. •
Mr. Oaskill says that California got
more free advertising from the fair than
almost any other State or county repre
sented. The commission personally un
dertook the work of sending out books in
Krench. German and English, descriptive
of the varied industries in the state. He
tides the books maps showing the agricul
tural, hori^ultural, climatic and mining
interests of the State were sent to every
board of trade, chamber of commerce,
educational Institution and hotel in Eu
rope. The State received its highest
medals for its display of agricultural,
horticultural, forestry, mining and iishery
interests. These medals will be displayed
In one. of the local mercantile houses the
coming week.
Mr. Gaskill says that the exposition was
a success and that the majority of the
American people who visited it were ¦well
satisfied with what they saw and learned.
The exposition showed conclusively that
the United States is away ahead of other
countries in nearly every branch of in
dustry.
Exposition.
SAYS CALIFORNIA MADE
GREAT SHOWING AT PARIS
Varney W. Gaskill, Secretary of State
Commission, Returns From the
rlage store, 1401 Market street, torn from
fastenings.
Wooden sign at 1157 Market street. 20x8
feet, blown down and telephone wires In
the vicinity carried away.
Wooden fence at 21 Eighth street blown
down.
Wooden sign at 1077 Market street blown
from the top of the building into the
street.
Newspaper stand kept on the sidewalk
In front of 9S5 Market street torn from
Its fastenings and blown into the road
way. '
St. Luke's Hospital was plunged into
darkness last night, due to the breaking
outside the bulletins of the electric light
wires by the wind. The nurses and doc
tors hunted for oil lampj and candles, and
with a few gas jets the temporary gloom
of the hospital wards was dissolved.
During the height of the storm last
night a large part of the high fence sur
rounding the vacant lot next to the Stan
yan-street police station was blown, to
the ground. Fortunalely no one was
passing at the time.
The old City and County Hospital
building stood the test of the storm's
fury for the second time this season. A
big tree that had kept sunlight and fresh
air from the building went Dy the roots,
much to the Joy of all connected with the
hospital. It was one of the largest in the
group of trees within the lnclosure. The
city will save some money in fuel, as the
fallen tree will be cut up for kindling
wood. The old fence stood Its ground
and defied the worst blow of the season.
The cars of the San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Railway were tied up for
some hours last night. The current rave
out early in the evening and traffic on
the entire system came to an immediat»
standstill. The cause was supposed to be
broken wires somewhere on the system.
T.p to a late hour the break had not
been located.
Charles Banner and h!a wife, residing
at 919 Davis street, had a narrow escape
from serious Injury during the storm last
night. The couplo had retired for the
night when suddenly a heavy rust of
wind struck the building, shaking It to
the foundations. A heavy chimney was
toppled over and crashed through the
roof and ceiling Into tho bedroom of
Banner and his wife. Although the fall
ing bricks covered the affrighted couple
they fortunately escaped with a few
bruises.
SMALL HOTEL
BLOWN DOWN
POINT RICHMOND, J'airaary 8.—Dur
ing the height of the gale to-night Shaw's
hotel, near the roundhouse, was blown
down. It was a small frame structure
The few occupants escaped without In-
Jury.
PKTALUMA, Jan. 3.— A heavy storm 13
sweeping over this section. Much rain is
falling and a high wind Is on. A slaughter
house was blown down at the J. M. Keller
place Just north of town. It was In course
of construction.
but asked for a continuance till Monday,
as Daly was out of the city. The con
tinuance was granted. The other capes
will again be called in Judge Mogan's
court this morning, when Edward Mor
gan, ore of the poolseilers, will plead
guilty.
Continued From Page 12.
FIERCE SWEEP
OF THE STORM
AMONG the notable events to occur
in this city in the first year of
the twentieth century- will be the
International Epworth League
Convention, which 'Is to take
place next July.
The success of the convention of Chris
tian Endeavorers throe years ago. has
spurred the local committee of arrange
ments to special efforts, and the gentle
men in charge confidently assert that they
hope to bring here tho largest number of
persons ever transported across the
Rockies for convention puriwses.
The railroad companies all over the con
tinent are lending their^aid to make the
convention an assured "success, and to
that end have agreed to make a low rate
for all who desire to attend the religious
revival and at the same time enjoy the
many beauties of the Scate of California.
The rate agreed upon by the railroads
for the round trip to San Francisco Is as
follows: From Chicago. $50; from. St.
Loula and Mississippi points. $17 50; Oma-
ha and Missouri River, $43; and from Den
ver, $40. The regular tickets will induda
the privilege of stop-uvera at Los An
geles, either coming or returning, with
out extra charge, while to return via Pert
land J5 extra will be asked. A side trip
to Los Angeles for those coming by f.he
Central route will be given for $4 50 for
the round trip. Rates in the East from
all points to Chicago. St. Louis. Omaha,
etc., will be one fare for the round trip
The local committee of arrangements Is
Installed in the Y. M. C. A. Building. Ed
dy and Mason streets, and is the scene
of considerable activity. Literature tell
ing of the manifold sjlorles of California
is being mailed daily to all points of the
country, and the railroad companies are
helping in the distribution of the printed
matter.
The local committee of arrangements
is composed of the following gentlemen:
Rev. J. E. Moore, D. p., B. I* Weymouth.
W. C. Montgomery, Robert Husband. F.
A. Webster. EX K. BlggerstafT. F. W.
Prince, I- J. Norton; F. W« Trower,
secretary; W. H. Waste, vice-president;
Rev. T. Fllb«n, r>. D., chairman; Bishop
J. W. Hamilton, D. D., LL. D., J. R, Pot
ter, Rev. M. H. Alexander. William Mc-
Murray George B. Uttlefleld. A. A. Knox,
Albert W. Bell. Rev. J. N. Beard. D. D..
Samuel Brown.
Rev. Dr. Filben. tha chairman of th*
committee, states that the dally report 3
received from all Dolnta of the country
are most flattering, and he and his asso
ciates axe confident that more than 25>^
will come from points east of the Rocky
Mountains to attend the convention.
"The convention." i>« said, "is an as
sured success. We dally receive letters
telling us that parties are already belnsj
formed to come out, ranging In number
from fifty to 500. We have had the most
valuable assistance sranted us wheraver
we have asked It. and to the rallroadi
and the press we feel deeply indebted
San Francisco has shrrwn what she can
do In the way of takln; care of lar?*
numbers of visitors, and this city will,
God ¦willing, be the mecca. of many thou
sands of the members of the Epworth
League next July."
A FEW OF THE MEMBERS OF THE LOCAL COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE GREAT EPWORTH
LEAGUE CONVENTION TO BE HELD NEXT JULY. HEADQUARTERS IS LOCATED IN THE T. M. C. A.
BUILDING, AT ELLIS AND MASON STREETS.
TO TAX OWNERS
OF DENS OF VICE
OAKLANT). Jan. 8-Because Tsa- 1
belle Mackinn^n refused to yield ]
to her father's demand not lo I
marry John S. <ip Lancey she has j
be«~n dJpownM by her stern '
parent, wh^se wedding gift to the young j
couple Monday nJ^ht was a telegram de- j
coring that he rtvr wanted his daughter ;
!.or hf r husband to enter his home again, j
.Tliis was the sequel to a story of young j
]..ve that cotilfi not be blighted hy even I
the Inflexible <2**cre3 of a fath<-r, who had j
inade the hardest alternative his child ¦
could face in her devotion to her accepted j
suitor ard her desire to regain the af
fection of parents and to maintain the I
V.ef that had linked her to home.
: The unbending father is William H. j
Mnckfnnon. a prominent real estate spec- >
uiator of this city. His opposition to the ,
rr.Ion of his daughter, who Is 22 years of <
.f.f* 1 , with young De Lancey took shape ;
about three months ago. when the young '
man ann-Vnced his desire to wed th<- |
pretty ml?f whom he had known for
jr.any years. Since childhood they had '¦¦
been companions, and their friendship '
had been mainialned through their school '
riays, and that youthful acquaintance- '
sMp • ripened into love that was 6trong '
enough to withstand all of the parent's !
inEistent demar.ds. j
Three Proprietors Are Ar
rested, but Ar« at Once
Eeleasid on Bail.
Acting und^r Instructions from Chief of
Police Sullivan Captain Wittman yester
day arrested S. P. Blumenberg. R. L.
Clapp and Ernest Augutn for renting
houses for immoral purposes. Auguin
• wns thirty houses on Bacon place. Blu
mrnbrrg t**n and Clapp nine. Before re-
I ¦ aping them it was agreed that the ball
would be lixed In accordance with the
number of houses owned by the defend
ants. Fifteen dollars for each house was
agreed upon, thus making Auguln furnl'h
i».iil to the extent of $150. Blufnenborg $150
s.rxl Clapp $123. .After they had put up
tLe necessary ball they were released.
li is understood they will majse no at
tempt to tight the cases, but will allow
ihpir bail to go by default.
Chief Sullivan intends to s«e that all
the. owners of immoral houses are forced
: j contribute to the city treasury, as well
as the Chinese gamblers.
• "In my opinion they should be made to
swell the city funds just like the Chinese
;>re doing," the Chief remarked shortly
nfter the three men had been arrested.
'They are eatigfied with the arrangement
end p«*em to think that it is the proper
tiling.
"Heretofore th«*re have always been at
¦ ]>:i?t\thTpe policemen on duty in Bacon
place, a-nd by pursuing the present policy
¦v. >• can make the owners of the houses
pve up enough money to pay the salaries
« f tbeM patrolmen."
Bach month, it is understood, Captain
Wittman and his men will swear out war
!;*niK for the arrest of the owners of the
. >um* and at once take them into the
JV.ice Court, where they will be fined $15
lor fach house which they control. To
oay additional warrants will be sworn out
•for the women who conduct the various
Questionable houses in the tenderloin dis
irict.
Last evening Captain Wittman and a
*qua<3 of picked men raided a Chinese
.lottery Irani* at 1107 Dupont street and
sirne*:tcd the k<»or«pr and two others for
' aiding and abetting the game. In forcing
nn entrance Wittman cut his wrist by
thrusting it through a glass door. Their
"Ijall, amounting to $10j, which was at
once forthcoming, will be forfeited to
day and turned into the city treasury.
• The five Chinese gamblers who were
arrested Wednesday night failed to ap
pear when their cases were called in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday and bench
..•warrants were issued for their arrest.
happy In the choice she had made. An
hour after the marriage a dispatch came
to the pretty bride announcing that she
was no longer considered to be a member
of the Mackinnon family. Further, she
was informed that her clothing had been
shipped to an express office.
Mr. and Mrs. de I^ancey returned home
to-day. The groom met his father-in-law,
but there was nothing more than a re
newal by Mackinnon of his decision
against- the young people.
De Lancey Is a son of John de Lancey,
a well-to-do merchant of this city, resid
ing at 724 Twenty-first street, and has
been for several years a clerk Jn the law
offices of Crowell & Leach. He is about
the same age as his bride. The young
man begins his wedded life with the bene
dictions of his parents, who have assured
him of their approval of his course.
He is to reside at Sacramento during
the Legislature's session, where he will
hold a position. Of his marriage he said:
"All I desire to say is that Mr. Mackin
non refuses to recognize his daughter or
myself. We are of age and fully under
stand what we have done."
Mr. Mackinnon said to-night: "The mat
ter of my daughter's marriage to Mr. de
Lancey I consider a personal affair and
I do not care to discuss it. If Mr. de
Laneey says I refused to give my consent
to the marriage. I have only to say that
he ought to know."
N0 NECESSITY FOR
IMPROVEMENT
Colonel Heuer.
Adverse Report in San Joa
quin Canal Matter by
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N
W.; WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.-General Wil
son, chief of engineers, to-day sent; to
Congress the reports of Lieutenant Col
onel Heuer upon the preliminary examin
ation and survey, with a view to the im
provement of the San Joaquin River and
the waterways connecting the stream
with the strait of Carquinez from the
town of Antioch to Suisun Point.
Colonel Heuer finds the existing depths
in the bay ample for the commerce now
using the waterway and likely to use It
lor several years to come, and declares
the proposed improvement, in his opinion
unnecessary.
The report of Colonel Heuer upnn the im
provement of Oakland harbor, also sent
to Congress, contains the following esti
mates of the cost of the project: Canal
wide and 20 feet deep, from San
r : rancisco Bay to Fallon street. Oakland,
thence 3U0 feet wide and 17 deep to tidal
basin, thence 300 by 12 around the tidal
basin $W6.293; 500 by 25 from San Fran
cisco Bay to Fallon street, thence m ud
and around the tidal basin. |1,6S7,818: 500
by 25 from San Francisco Bay to Chest
nut street. thence 300 by 25 on
tallon street, thence 300 by 17
feet to tidal basin, thence 300 by 12 feet
around tidal basin, $08,203.
Each of the foregoing Hems includes the
estimate for an extension south of Jettv
5jO feet west, J53.9Q0. %
The young man, learning of the oppo
sition, announced his willingnes to with
draw. Ho asr.eed to forget for three
years that he had ever known Miss Mac
kinnon. Then if the old sentiment had
not changed he should wed the girl of his
choice. That proposition was not ac
ceptable to Mackinnon, who continued in
his attempt to exact a promise from the
girl that she would cast off De Lancey
for all time. She would not consent to
the proposition.
The climax was reached New Year's
eve. With the near advent of the new
century Mackinnon again and for the last
time renewed his demand, coupled with
the threat that he would cast out his ob
durate child if she should persist in her
attitude toward her admirer.
There was a scene at home, a meeting
with her sweetheart and a. final decision
to act at once. Arrangements for the
wedding that night were quickly made.
De Lancey laid the situation before his
parents and they stood by the young
man. Friends In San Francisco of" Miss
Mackinnon were enlisted, and the wed
ding party, composed of the bride and her
lover. Ansell Jones and Clinton de Lan
cey and Rev. Paul M. Spencer, assistant
pastor of the First MethodiFt Church ot'
this city, went across the bay. At mid
night to a second the ceremony was cele
hrated. Isabeile Mackinnon was a wife
and a disowned daughter, but she was
THIS COUPLE RECEIVE AS A WEDDING PRESENT FROM THE BRIDE'S FATHER A TELEGRAM DENYING
THEM ADMISSION TO HIS HOI»IE. DESPITE HIS OPPOSITION, THEY ELOPE TO SAN FRANCISCO AND
ARE MARRIED AT MIDNIGHT.
HAYS DUE TO-DAY
AT LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.— President
Hays of the Southern Pacific will pay his
first visit to I>os Angeles to-morrow. He
will reach the Arcade depot some time be
fore noon and will not tarry in Los An
geles more than a half-hour, going
straight to San Francisco, where he is ex
pected some time early Saturday morn
ing. Whether the trip north would
be made over the new coa-st line could not
be learned to-day, the expectation being,
however, that the* San Joaquin Valley
route would be preferred, leaving the
newly constructed piece of road to b<? in
spected later, alter the new president has
become settled in his duties.
Mr. Hays and his party are traveling in
a special train. Vice President Stubbs and
Mr. Kruttschnltt being with their new
chief. Several ladies. Including Mrs. Hays
and Mrs. Kruttschnitt. are also among
the travelers. The party left El Paso this
morning and is now speeding westward.
The new head of the Southern Pacific
will be met on his arrival In Los Angeles
by the committee on invitation of the sev
eral commercial bodies of the city, who
will tender him a reception or banquet at
such a date as will suit him best. The
committee will consist of C. B. Boothe, J.
Barueh. M. H. Newmark, Charles Silent
and F. Q. Story. The presidents of the
various commercial organizations will ac
company the committee. Superintendent
John A. Mulr left the city this morning
to intercept his new chief, whom he will
accompany to Los Angeles.
Committees From Commercial Bodies
Will Meet Southern Pacific's
New President.
PREPARING TO GREET
'HAYS AT LOS ANGELES
Charles M. Hays, the new president of
the Southern Pacific, will arrive in this
city to-morrow night or Sunday, unless
something comes up to change the present
plans. Word was received here yester
day that the Hays party was at El Paao
and scheduled to arrive in Los Angeles
this afternoon. The new president will
be tendered a reception in the southern
city to-night.
The only department heads now in the
city are Manager J. A. Fillmore andW.
F. Herrin. William Hjod left for South
ern California yesterdav. Mr. Hays' par
ty will include his family, private secre
tary, H. E. Huntlngton, J. C. Stubbs and
Julius Kruttschnltt.
Notices have been sent to holders of
annual passes that the time limit of the
tickets has been continued until February
15. Most of the cards are made out for
one year, ending January 1, 1901. The rea
son for carrying them into February i3
to give President Hayd an opportunity to
sign the new passes. It is given out that
he will hereafter have exclusive authority
in issuing passes and will see that
"compB" are r.ot handed out with such
reckless liberality as in the past. After
Mr. Hays gets his family settled here ha
intends to make a thoiough inspection of
all the Southern Pacific lines, and the trip
is likely to keep him away for a month
or more.
It Is Said That in Future He Will
Issue All Passes and Will
Also Curtail the
Number.
Southern Pacific President
Should Ee Here To-
Morrow or Sunday.
LOCAL EPWORTH LEAGUERS
PREPARE FOR CONVENTION
Isabelle Mackinnon and John de Lancey, Pledged to Each
Other From Childhood, Refusing to Longer Be Stayed by
Her Parent, Elope and Are Wedded at Century's Birth
CLINGS TO LOVER THOUGH
DISOWNED BY HER FATHER
• *
Committees Hard at Work at Young Men's Christian Association
Headquarters Perfecting Arrangements for the Great Trien
nial Convention to Be Held in This City Next July
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901. ,
9
1 ARE WE TO I
HAVE AN EPIDEMIC
§§§§§§E OF KIDNAPING? §§!§§§
¦ PiKKERTON SAY8 "YES."
¦ SEYMOUR «AY8 " NO." ZZ^IZZZZZZZZ
THE SUNDAY CALL
JANUARY O, 1901.
A San Francisco zzz^=: Free With Next
Violinist Relates === Sunday's Call—
His Experiences izzzzzi Eduard Strauss'
as "Fiddler" to ==: Best Two-Step.
New York's 4fcO. THB \ '—
- avNDAY How to Flirt With
C4U
The Biggest *™!1? a Fan -
Game/ Heads and *J£ "~
Sktns "° T Story of the King
You Ever Saw. |S£ of Cattle Kings.
• - Do You Know Him?
Ropes" of Pearls Peck's Bad Boy
for Corsage and zzzziq Arrives in New
Coiffure. EEErEE Yopk -
new series MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS.
OF ' ' BY C. B. LEWIS. 1
funny THE WIDOW MAGOOGIN PAPERS.
STORIES. ay JOJm Jm JEM.NINGS. .
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get itTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; opea
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 427 Montgomery street, j
comer Clay; open until J:SO p. m.
COO Hayes street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
<Z3 McAllister street ; open until 9:$0 p. m.
fi5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
U43 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etrcet, comer Sixteenth; open
ur.tll S n. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
K06 Valencia street; open until J p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second anfl Ken-
turky streets; open until 9 p. m. ¦ "¦ '*-« •'
MEBTI>G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L . K. -*¦ \
T.. No. 6 Pest St.— lU-gular assembly TBp
THIS <FIUDAY» KVENING. at 7:-0 ttj j
o'clock. All fratfrs courteously In- <W '
vlted. By order of the Commander. w
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge Nc. 1. I. O. O. I
K.— Members will meet In hall^JgJSSjg I
FRIDAY. January 4, at 1:30 p.
m.. to attend the funeral of cur /'/ab-
late brother. HENRY HART.
J. H. HANSEN. N. O. j
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F. <S-rffo*
installation THIS iTKIDAY) !^£Krs^ = r
EVENING. 8 o'clock. January '^J?*^^
4. U0L Visitor* cordially in- ' „
v!;cd. HANDFX H. ZOBEL. N. O.
\V. F. NORCKO^S. P.fcording Secretary.
HALL of Ophir Lodge No. 17L I. <>S»£>.,
•¦ O F -Irstallation of ofti.-ers :
THIS (FnitUY) nVENING. I
Visiting brothers, .cordially in- ''•'''_ <
vited. W. O. FORD. N. O. |
* J. R. MORRISON. Recording Secretary.
niCOULArt maetlm, 9* the Caledon- » «¦ >.
lan Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- IB, Q, CFl
ING. t: S o'clock. Scottish HaU. TeJVjSjSj*
211 Larkin 6t. 1
A. M. MACFHERSON. Chief. [
JAS. H. PlNCAX. Secretary. j
NOTICE is hereby given that a special meeting j
' of the stoct; holders of the San Francis »o and j
?sa Joaquin Valley Railway Company will 1
l.e helii at the principal office or the company j
:n the city of San Krancisoo. Cai.. on SAT- I
rjlDAY, tlie nlnefyi-.th <lSih) day of Jan- j
uary. 19C1. at 12 o'clock noon. Cor the pur- ,
pose cf approving a:»d ratifying an cgrt-e- |
merit for the fcai« and conveyance to and J
j.-jrehaee by the Atch:s,on. Topt-ka and Santa |
I"e Railway Company of the railroad, prop- j
crty and frar.rhisn of the t^an Krznclsco and •
San Joaculn Valley Railway Company, and
to transact any otr.er business that may •
Jegailj- come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIK. Secretary. !
?an Fraoclaoq, Janur-.ry 4. 1801. ]
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
nmporium and Gcl<>n Rule Bazaar, a. Cor-
3>onition: Please take notice that the annual I
m*«tlng cf the stockholders of The Empo- j
num and Gcld»n Rc\e Bazaar, a corporation. |
will b* held at the principal office of the ,
company, in the Parrott buildine. located on ;
Market et.. between Fourth and Fifth, In th« 1
city and county of San Francisco, State of ¦
Caiiforr.il, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of ¦
January. OCX. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the ;
rurr>os=e cf electing directors end for the j
TrEr.saction of ruch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order j
cf the Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary, j
Pated January ¦", ir-01. j
AXX'."AL MKnTIN'J — The regular annual j
meeting r>f the Ftockholders of the Pajaro ,
Valley Consols date-1 Kailroad Company will j
l>e held at the ofHoe of the company. 327 |
Market Ft.. Pan Francisco, on MONDAY, the 1
twenty-nrtt day cf ."anvsary. 19^1. at the hour;
of 11 o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect- j
Ing a board cf directors to perve for the
fr.5ulr.jr year and vhe transaction of ruch I
other business as may come before the meet- |
In*. The transfer books will close on Friday, :
January 1§, 1SC1. at Z o'clock p. m.
W. II. HANNAM. Secretary- I
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of i
the Pan Francisco Indies' Protection and j
Kellef Society will be held at the "Home,"
cn Frenkiin Ft., between Post and Geary, on j
Thursday. January l f ->. at 2 o'clock p. m.. j
Icr the purpose of electing managers and j
trustees for the ensuing year and transaction I
rf *>uch other business as may properly ccme I
before' It. ;
K, F. HUTCHINSON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Rpsru'.ar annual meet- j
iryr of the Fto^kholders of the Hakalau Plan- !
tation Company will be hold at the offlce of |
the company, HTT Market Ft., In the city and '
cour.ty of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the }
:fith day cf January. 29C1. at the hour of 11 I
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a j
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi- t
r.^ss as may come before the meeting. Trans- 1
fpr books wi'l close on Saturday, January 6, !
190L at 12 o'clock m. ;
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary. I
TUP California IJebrls Commission, having re- I
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic j
process frnm Jchn Costa ft al., in the Lady's
Oan^n Mine. n«"ar Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to !
deposit tailings In -worked-out pit*: from W. B. I
IMiaiey et al.. in the I>udley Placer Mine. |
r.rar Xcrth Columbia, Nevada Co., to deposit I
tailings in a work«-d-out rit; from the Eagle !
Gold Mfn'.ng Co.. In the Reichel Claim, near j
Mountain Rsnch. Calaveras Co., to deposit I
tsJlin^B In Murray Cr*»*-k. and from the En- i
try G.,!d Min'.r.g find V.'ater Co.. In the Rose
Hill Mine, r.tar Mour.taln Ranrh. Calaveras
Co.. to deposit tailinps '.n Murray Creek, gives 1
retire that a meeting will be held at room 5S,
"I'vmj ljuildtnjr. Pan Francisco, Cal.. on Jan-
uary 14. DO. at 1:30 p. m.
fPHING Valley Water Works— Annual Meeting
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Pprinr Valley Water Work* will be held
at the offlce of the company. No. 116 Stock- '
ton Ftrc-^t. Pan Franoiivo. California, at 12
o'clock M.. or. WEDNESDAY, the Oth day
cf January. 1S01. to elect trustees to serve
for the enduing yar and for the transaction
of such ether business ss may come before j
the rceetir.?. Fan Francisco, California. ;
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary, j
THE annual rretlr.jr cf the stockholders of the '
Nevada National Bank cf San Francisco. Cal.. |
will he held at it* banking oouse. S01 Mor.t- j
prrr.or--- Ft-. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES- {
DAY. January 8, 1901, at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
icr the election cf directors to serve for the |
tr.rulr.g year ar.d the transaction of such
rther business as may come before the meet- i
lr.it. GEO. GRANT. Cashier. j
fiati Francisco. D»c»mbfr 6. 1SO0. j
ACEXTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; gocd
tslaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly: expenses p«id. ?J7 Market, rm. 615. I
FINE bastaesa for '.arttei. Call or write G6 :
Pt. Anr.s' Building. 6 Eddy ft.. S. F. j
ADOPTION.
A GOOD tome open for rlrl or bey baby. Add.
Vm r>r Frrk> 1«6 KlEhth rt.. Alameda.
ABPHALTIM ROOPIXG.
J. FnLTIER. asphalt rooflr.g, sidewalks re-
I aired: ix-.stal. 31?C Mission- tel. Folsom 16U7.
ATTOn.VKYS AT LAW.
It W. KING. S27 Markrt Bt., Cth floor, room C27
— Estates, damages, attarhments. bankruptcy,
cr.-llecticnp; all oa*es; fair fee; no ulvaiKt
charges; loons on estates. Tfl. Howard 1ZZ7.
££>VICB fre*; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fw without success; collections.. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SM Market, cor. Stocktn.
l-'ilAXK W. FMITH; minlr.s and probate law a
specialty. Mi;is Llg.. r. 3, 4th fir.; tel. Red 3616.
AI'VICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. IC7 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
I. EDW.i JARRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market ets.; phone Red KG.
L. S. CLARK, Kmma Spreckels bldg.,-2J7 Mar-
ket «. : corsultation free: no fees In advance.
ISISINESS CIIA.\CES.
A^-J2i0— CIGAR store on Market «t. Trent "$20;
a cood-paylns stand. Call R. G. WILKE.
2«H Kearny et. • .-.
A— !«00— CORNER grocery ar.d bar on Langton
St.; rent $30; place ettab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner 'wants to retire and elve long lease
to rieht party. It. «. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— f-iO— PARTNER wanted In an employment
cfiice; can clear easily UM per month; only
rood, a«-tlve man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
K'4 Krarny et.
§A— 1450— CORNER grocery etore, with bar. In
the Mission; 4 Jarge rooms; rent 125; daily re-
ceipts about Ili. C.'aU R. G. WILKK, ICft
Kearny st.
A— *275: CORNER ealocn-Jn the Mission: rent
tZO: lea.se; Rood-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2«H Kearny Bt.
A— I7M; CORNER grocery and bar, with 11 fur-
nished rocrnfc; rent ?40; finest business corner
in Western Addition; Is doing a splendid
tiuflnegg. Call J4. G. WILKE, S«^4 Kearny el.
Z— J300: RESTAURANT in the Mission, kept by
;<reacnt owner £ years, and always cleared
i.bove TJX per month; rent 125; with 8 routes.
J*i. Can R. G. WILKE. 2C', t Kearny st. -
/. -12500; CORNER grocery and bar on Nine-
teenth «t.. known as one of the best paying
r-orner groceries In this city; rent $40; stock
v.ll\ Invoice $2000; horse and wagon; only rea-
fcsn for selling owner* to retire. Call R. O.
V/ILKE. iCM Kearny st.
A— $TD0: restaurant with 2s furnished rooms. In
;tockton; rent 15; 2 years' lease: owner to
leave for East; must 6*11 quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G. TVILKE. 26V, Kearny st,
A— JSS' RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
R. cable house; rent $20; good paying place;
ilnvectiKate spon. as rare chance. Call R. a.
WILKE. 26-4 Kearny rt. = __
JtKSTAURANT; Income 150 daily: estab. 12
year*: lor.r lease: meals 25 cents. Call on
MARION GRIFFIN, 71S Market; by Call bldg.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
PARTNER wanted In a large old-established
profitable business, controlling a good tafe,
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
en Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the accounts and assisting
generally In the management of the business;
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full value ta
Fight; books and business open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632
Market st.
BRANCH bakery; 2 rooms furnished; little
money. DONNELLY. 632 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted In first-class butcher
ehop; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A— CIGAR etand; heart city; must sell. COW-
ING A. CO.. 719 Market et.
A— GROCERY and bar, with rooms; fine loca-
tlon; good stock. COWING A CO.. 719 Mkt.
A— PLUMBING shop: big stock; horse, wagon;
sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market »t.
A— RESTAURANT; water front; money maker.
COWINO & CO.. 719 Market st.
$£00 J800 $S0O
CORNER GROCERY.
FULL VALUE IN STOCK.
FINE HORSE AND WAGON.
Mcar..« a fortune to aay one possessing aver-
age business ability: no room to doubt; must
sell; retiring. STEXHERG CO.. 71,9 Market.
TO oil companies and promoters — EOOO acres
Kera oil land; $2 SO and upwards: part cash,
part stock. Address box 949. Call efflce.
$1200— RESPECTABLE, genteel and very profit-
able business: suitable for lady or man and
wife. Apply ECHOTTLER & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$ltO— PARTNER wanted to tend cash counter
In restaurant: lady preferred. Particulars of
SCHOTTI.ER & CO.. 3 Eddy St. \
$5P0— RESTAURANT with 4 rooms In a live
part of city; good prices; will clear $150
monthly: must sell; a bonanra for man and
wife. LANE & CO.. S65 Market St.
A— WANTED— A good tenant fcr grand corner
stcre p.nd basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market st.
J000— RESTAURANT; flne location; low rent:
licme comforts; sacrificed for other Interests.
Geo. W.. Caswell & Co.. 412-414 Sacramento.
$3X>— PARTNER in well-established cash busi-
ness; S to lu hours' work per day; must be
steady and reliable; clears $75 to $100 per
month. Box B45. Call office^
J300— RESTAURANT; well fitted up; cheap
rent; small amount down, balance on time.
Call SOC Market st., room 8.
GROCERY and saloon. Twenty-fourth and Ala-
bama sts., at a sacrifice.
HOG and chicken ranch; $S. Inquire at Eight-
Mile House, Colma. S?an Mateo County.
$250— PARTNER wanted; no\ experience re-
quired; trial given, a Geary ft., room 21.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; dally re-
ceipts about $60. Call at place, 410 Kearny st.
IDc BARBER shop In very desirable location;
cheap If taken immediately. Box 958, Call.
"CAPITALISTS attenticn"— An Investment of
112.500 by one or more parties will purchase
controlling interest in estab. business that
will pay $5000 per month; this is bonaflde; will
stand Investigation. 927 Market, room 615.
A— PLAY THE RACES—
10 to 60 p«?r cent profit monthly on our new
eystem; call and investigate. N. S. HAND &
CO., expert handicappers, suit 12, 34 Kearny.
FINE paying restaurant for sale: must sell
account of serious sickness; eell at big bar-
gain. Box 933. Cell.
15.000 STANDARD oil shares adjacent to the
Kern River wells must be sold at once;
chance for a big advance. LEONARD A ,
LEONARD. 205 Montgomery Bt.
MESSRS. A. NEUBOURG & CO. of Shanghai
desire to come Into touch with capable San |
Francisco or Eastern manufacturers with a
view to business In China. Address L. KO-
PENTIIAL. 12C3 Octavla st.
PARTNER wanted In wholesale fruit and
produce business; well established; splendid
opportunity to right party: capital required.
J2C00 to HOTO. Apply P. O. box 251. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
A BARGAIN— $1500; grocery stock down town
cn San Pablo ave.. Oakland; stock all new
and clean: doing a cash business. Addre&a ,
or call. 1073 Twelfth at.. Oakland.
BUTCHER business In thriving country town; ¦
estab. over 40 yrs.; owner wishes to retire;
property will Invoice price. Box 806, Call.
FOR SALE — Cheap: restaurant and chop house;
retiring on account of d?ath; must sell this
week; best location; low rent. Box 811, Call. <
J4.T0— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: clears. Etationerv, notions. Wait-
ing-room. 23d-ave. station. East Oakland.
A— NICE raloon; must be sold; good reason for
filing. Call 247 Fiith sL
PARTY would like to invest in business; small
capital; willing to work. Box 948, Call offlce.
EALOON for gale. 23 East st.
RESTAURANT: bargain; paying business;
cheap rent: good location. 369 Hayes st.
$30 WINS $3C0 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 821 Market, r. 4.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlons has been established at. 1094
Valencia st.
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF H. CHECKER'S BARGAINS:
£4 rooms; house clears $150 $2000
14 rooms on Mission tt ; 600
t-room flat on Taylor et 25D
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms on Third et 600
20 rooms cn Powell st 950
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3300
i 24 rooms on Geary st.; clean $150 1300
2S rooms on Kearny St.; clears $150 1600
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
BUSINESS PLACES, CITY AND
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?
40 rooms; boarding-houie $4000
S3 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms on Post: in payments 850
12 roorrs; clears $75 430
£,00 OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $23,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
CALL AND SEE ME— OFFICE OPEN
EVENINGS.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 MARKET ST.; PHONE
MINT 7S6.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1% p. c;
1 anything you want In lodging-houses: s'mpi*:
6 rooms on Turk et rent $27. .Price. „ $300
7 rooms on Larkin st rent $40.. Price. .. $450
tlP rootns on Taylor st rent $40. .Price... $550
12 rooms on CFarrell Bt..rent J50.. Price... $550
12 rooms on Mason Et rent (35. .Price... $350
15 rooms on O'Farrell St.. rent $65. .Price... $750
16 rooms on Turk st rpnt J65-. Price... $800
j 16 rooms on Howard st....rent $25. .Price... $750
I 17 rooms on Taylor st rent $S0.. Price.. .$1475
IS rooms on Taylor et rent $75.. Price.. .$1250
24 rooms on Leav. et rent $125.. Price. ..JlfKK>
3T rooms on Powell St.. ..rent $175. .Price.. .$1900
4« rooms on Market st...rent J175.. Price.. .$2400
More money wanted to lean on lodging-
houses cn 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
gilt-edge security : no expense to lender.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market St.: phone Black 1215. '
i
; MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market; by Call bldg.
10 rooms, new fur.: new carpets; furnished 3
months; rent $27 £0; best residence part $1000
11 rooms; rent $40; good carpets; good fur.:
good location: owner leaving city $550
79 rooms; respectable; clears $1SO to $190.. $2600
14 rooms; rent $55; good location; can be
bought cheap enough to be refurnished.
15 rooms; respectable; rent $C5; residence.. $1000
24 rooms; good fur; good carpets; best loca-
tion; clears $133 per month: extra $2000
40 rocme; elegant; rent $150; fine $4500
C2 rooms; rent $135; good; pays well $3000
60 ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Neas; finely furn: extra... 810
15 rooms: leavenworth; rent $57 SO 900
10 room. $450; 10 rooms, quick.". SCO
20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month: clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
11 KOOMS: south of Market $650
17 rooms; rent $50 900
S rooms 300
17 rooms; on Eddy 900
See large list cf other bargains at office.
"EMERY & CO.. 3 Eddy Et. ¦
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1028 Market.
17 rooms; cheap rent; only $650
21 rooms; rent $60; mutt sell 1000
23 rooms; part cash 700
4G rooms: corner; rent $60 1100
100 rooms: men only; see it 1000
BOARDING & lodging house: 40 rooms; doing
fine bar trade: cheap; sold on account of slck-
negg. PATTERSON. 11 City HaU square.
LARGEST llet lodging-houses: good bargain*:
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
rme.1-2, S17 Market *t.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
FOR SALE— Cheap on account of death: a fur-
| nlshed hoiiFo rrf 9 rooms; all full. Call or ad-
dress 873 Mission St.; no agents. ,
$1100—60 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILS. 3 Eddy st
FOR fiALE— Rooming house. 12 rooms; cheap.
41B Powell st. . ¦ .- - . -.-. .
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon. . single, also light
camping mason, for *alc cheap. 632 Mission.
~~CHIR1)PODISTS^
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chtl-
blslcs; painless cure. Dr. Duncan,' 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~
— «¦ '....
GEORGB W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un
i less successful. Room S10, 827 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FAtlNHAM. world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl.ev s,
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. LESTER, readings dally, circle every
eve.. lOo. except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
MRS. HARLAND"S circle to-night: articles,
sealed letters read; lCc; read. 50c. $1. 14S 6th.
EARLE. 305 Taylor Bt.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. DUNHAM, 14 McAllister St.. room 35;
circles 2 and 8 pfm.; sittings dally.
C. V. MILLER'8 materializing seance to-night.
8 o'clock; 60c. 1084 Bush St.. nr. Leavenworth.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 . Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steer*. 112% Oak. trance medium; i
readings. $1; hours, 1-6 p. m.; tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium. I
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permantly located at 1206 Market
st.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
I anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
S, with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ,.-.; :'
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
' advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market st., comer Mason, room 28.
A — Mrs. Dr. Baylor, queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on. mining specula-
tion, business, law; eyll Influence removed;
fee EOc, mall $1. 16im Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — Becond sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles COc.
genta fl; palm, and clalr. Bit.. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permantly located 1M8 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LEAROSE. «>J.alrvoyant. card re'dr; best
advice on all affairs. 472 Stevenson, cor: 6th.
MME. HANSON.palmlstry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St.. rooms 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh 6t.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist^palm-
lst and card reading, 25o. 1241',-j Market st.
MRS. MELVTLL. well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth 6t. ; German spoken.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109_ Fifth st.. room 2.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44814 Jessie st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAUPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 813 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3o yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
DENTISTS.^
XT7h^"ELECTOO-lDENTAL'^LfNIcr8C9 Ma£
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO i'p; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, t a. m, to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. Bee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, COc; plates,
$5. full net; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth Bt. -
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 i Market. nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 560
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
Bt. ; expert extracting, crown and bridgework.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D, S.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Fet or teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 18
pag<»». In wranper. for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
Bvl^INCj's'cwbLT^'^TBUsiNE^'cOL^
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; Individual lnstructkn
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course thla
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt. — Day
and evening; $3 per month; $00 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It. by written contract,
and can therefore with confldenco guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeplng figures; short time; college graduates
peifected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, ofs&y, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S6I
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 935 Market.
MI£S M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
WANTED— French teacher; lady; 60c nn hour,
, ' Address, with references, box 927. Call.
FRENCHMAN will give lessons; violin and
conversation. ANTOINE, 304 Stockton, r. 8.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A. McNleIl,Mgr.,r. 31. Flood
i bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
! MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studiT
, violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy at.
1 ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th
'• CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
; United States or Canada one year for $1.
¦ pot-tace paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
: JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters' and house servants; 421 ¦ Post
¦ St.; tel. Bush 135. GEO. AOKI BROS. & CO.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co. ; est.
'¦ 1S70; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devisadero; teL Fell 13S. F. J HAMADA.
* RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flee: all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 5188.
! JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. &2S O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
'. ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
! ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell, nr. Butter: teL Black 5072.
• CHINESE: and Japanese Employment " Office-
Best help. 411 V4 O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
ELDERLY woman, elegant American cook,
good baker, particularly clean and careful,
will assist 4 In light housework In small private
• family; good home; small wages. 770 Har-
rison Bt. - ~. ' .
CAPABLE young girl wishes to anslst with up-
stairs work and care for one child; wages $15.
Box 916. Call. '¦¦':-,
WANTED— Situation by competent woman as
infant's nurse; beet references. Address 1223
Bush st., rear house.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants light house-
work; wages $12 to $15; Oakland or Alameda
preferred. 271 Minna st.
LADY wishes to work by the day or take
washing at home. Apply MRS. F.. 335 Fourth.
WOMAN wants position; Is good cook or will
do any other work. Apply 8 Gough Bt. ? ' " .
COMPETENT executive housekeeper and
amanueusls; unexceptionable references; sal-
ary $100 per month; Now York and London
experience; understands charge of servants,
nous* parties, dinner companies, as well as
correct dally routine. Address MRS. ED-
MU.N'D, 16 North E St., Tacoma. Wash.
GERMAN woman wiahe.- situation to do gen-
eral housework or to k«ep house; can do good
plain cooking; $15 to $18 per month; carfare
paid. Box 941. Call oglce.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
¦ do light housework; is a competent house-
keeper. Address 136 Fifth St., between How-
ard and Mission.
AN elderly American woman wishes position
to do light housework In a small family; good
home more of ' an object than wages. 700
Twenty-seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED — By experienced young woman, po-
sition as waitress in hotel or restaurant; city
or country: wages $25 per month. 20 Hardy st.
POSITION wanted for man and wife to take
charge of lodging-house; country preferred.
Box 942, Call offlce. »
YOUNG lady wishes situation to nurse parties
going to Europe. 717 Clayton st.
CAPABLE woman wishes a position as fore-
woman or assistant. Address M. M., box 923,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore sL
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. - ¦¦¦'
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG man, well educated, holding respon-
sible position with wholesale house, desires
employment evenings; clerical or otherwise;
can furnish bond if necessary. Address box
92S. Call offlce.
SALESMAN wants position In country store;
best £>l city references; has been 15 years In
the last two situations. Address Box 951,
Call offlce.
COOK would ilike a situation In hotel, restau-
rant or boarding-house; city or country. 3
Stevenson st.
SCANDINAVIAN coachman wants position:
understands the care of horses and carriages
and a first-class horseman; best of references.
Address Coachman, 207 Montgomery ave.
MARRIED man wishes a position as" porter,
janitor or night watchman; aged 40. Address
'box 937. Call offlce.
IN grocery or general merchandise store by
young man; speaks English and German;
wages no object. Address box S28, Call offlce.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
petition. Address H. KIEHI* New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave,
AN experienced man in liquor business desires
situation In wholesale house; speaks German
and Spanish; good references. Box 93S, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation a&
watchman or porter work in store; best of
references. Box 936, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position aa watchman by reliable
man; rood references. Address box 940, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class German
cook in hotel: city or country. Box 935, Call.
A BRANCH offlee for Call advertisements and x
cubscrlptions has been established at IMS
Valencia at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmore at.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson St.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY fiat; 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $14. 39 Langton St.. near Seventh.
A SUNNY upper flat of' 4 rooms; good condi-
tion; $10. 118 Perry,/ 3t., near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
1515^ MISSION, near Eleventh— Large sunny
rooms; bath: laundry: rent taO.
$11 60— UPPER flat 4 rooms; lower flat $9 50.
129 Ivy ave., corner Van ,Ness, nr. Hayes st.
$7 — I-ROOM flats on Victor ft., off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brynnt.
FURMTIIRE FOR SALE.
"A GREAT SNAP"-«-room flat. 802 Devisa-
dero: rpnt $30; brand new, mahogany mantels,
gas, grates, porcelain tub. elec. lights, porce-
lain sink. Tennessee marble washstand: fur-
niture for sale; mahogany, golden oak furni-
ture, metal b<viB,AxmlnRter carpet, ron»d din-
ing table, pictures. Apply 1 to 3. or ad. box 910
FURNITURE for sale— Flat to let; C roomi,
bath, yard. 3570 17th St., near Guerrero; ap-
ply 9 to 11 a. m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 40, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent,1305 Larkin; tel. Folk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Bt.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
eee XV. E. CODY, 767 Mission, tel. Red 3363. -
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; teL Red 1334.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. " HANSEN & CO. .!!!..". ."phone- Grant lH
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses for first-class city hotels.
JHO; 8 waitresses, first-class commercial
hotels, $20; 7 waitresses, first-class city hotels.
$20 and $25: 4 chambermaids to wait, city and
countiy, $20; 5 chambermaids, city and coun-
try. J15. $18, $20; 2 woman cooks, city and
country hotels, $30; dinner waitress, city, $10
month
Fancy lroner. Southern California, $33
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse for child 17 months old, first-class ref-
erences, $25; 2 scrub women for store, $1 day;
waitress and chambermaid, must, also be a
seamstress, |25. references; young girls for
platn ironing and plu.!n sewing, $20; house
girls, second girls, nurse girls. C. R. HAN-
8I2N & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A MAN and' wife, private place; man to drive
bus and do chorework and woman general
housework; $65. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
2 SCRUB women fcr store: $1 day: no Sunday
work: stendy place. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
6 WAITRESSES, steady. $23, room out: laund-
ress ond assistant, »25 and $20, found. Wind-
sor Hotel, Market and Fifth sts.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall fsctory, 32V4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Young woman to take full charge
of restaurant; $100 required; good chance to
make money. Apply 90fi Market st.. room 8.
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework; references required; good
v.ages. Hox 029. Call ofllce.
WANTED— Girl to wait at table: small restau-
rnnt. £2 Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
Apply 461 Jessie st. ,..—
YOUNG girl; -light housework;; pleasant home;
$10. 1424H Jackson st. ..*-.'>;!
WANTED— A neat young girl to mind chll-
dren. Call 333 Sixth bt. ' ' V?
GIRL for general housework; -3 * in :; family:
wages $20. 2613 Union St. - ¦' » l v*f. '-\
DKESSMAKER, skirt hands .'an<N«iew begin-
nere. MRS. M. SCHNEIDER. 2300 Post St.
GIRLS to work on mangle. -Mercantile Towel
and Laundry. Co., 251vjessle st.. near Fourth.
WANTED— Second girl. Apply 10 'to t. 2033
j Pierce Bt. ¦ v -
WANTED— Girl for ceneral housework. 2219
¦ Jones Et.
YOUNG girl to help In -small family; sleep
home. 7234. Turk st. . ...'-¦ ¦
WANTED— A good first-class waitress at 304
Mason St.; wages $7 a week. •--
GIRL wanted to do light housework. 170 Russ
street.
GIRL to assist with general housework;' wages
$15. 629 McAllister st
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. Apply. HEYNEMAN & CO., 410 Mlsaion.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Conscientious woman capable of
taking charge of business and directing em-
ployes; must have references. Address box
944. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to sew
shirts; a few inexperienced taught. Apply
The L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED— German girl; general housework"
and good cook; $20. Between 9 and 12, 712
Hayes st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
coats. M. WEINER. 222 Kearny St.
APPRENTICES for ladles' tailoring. A. A.
HOENIQ. 819 Post »t.
WANTED— A lady for sewing; good home and
fair pay for right party. Call after 2 p. m.
at 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework. 710
Hyde st. ¦
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
two In family. 1749 Ellis Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. '
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A .........CO COAL MINERS..
£0 COAL MINERS
BO COAL MINERS
For Gallup, New Mexico.
Large vein; 70 cents a ton
Free Fare Freo Fare Free Fare
...Sec-superintendent in our office to-day...
Married and single miners
Call, phone, wire or wilte for information...
C. R. HANSEN &• CO 104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coast trade in dried and canned fruits,
salmon and general line of provisions; salary
to commence with $125. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ¦
A FIRST-CLASS head waiter; must be a
. thoroughly competent man: one 'who has been
In business for himself preferred; $100. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN &• CO.'S...I^ione Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK
20 teamsters, railroad work 12 a day
For State of Nevada Free fare
6 laborers, for company work, Surf...$l 75 day
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
1 tunnelman. big tunnel. Chatsworth Park...
$2 a day
Free Fare Frcs Fare Free Fare
_C. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st.
...'. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, hotel, $60; broiler, restaurant. $55. $60;
second cook, restaurant, $45; oysteriftian. city,
$35; 2 restaurant porters', $-.">; 10 kit/hen hands
and dishwashers, $20. $25 /. .->...
Polisher and starclier, country laundry, $60,
fare advanced. C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary Bt.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S48
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT- 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Carpenter, bridge and trestle work. $70. found.
Cabinet-maker .' drillers, city.
DAIRIES — FARMS — STABLES
Butter-maker, Sonoma County, $30 and found.
3 pruners, blackberry, bushes
5 ranch hands and teamsters, $20 to {25. found.
Choremen and boys, $10 to 126 and found
Buggy washer, country stable, $30 and found.
Boy for store, country, $10 and found
ISO woodchoppers and tlemakers,. fare paid
for tlemakers
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay Bt.
A — BAKER, country ehop; see boss here
First baker, country shop, $15 week
Second baker, same shop, |10 week
Waiter, French restaurant, $40 and found
Cooks. $30. $33 and $10
Ranch cook. $20......
Dishwasher for institution, $20
Walters, country hotels, $25..
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
A— 2 SINGLE hand miners; $75; to go to-day;
call early. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— COOK and wife for a small mine; see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WANTED
Assistant attendant Tor boys' training school
across the bay; $25, board, lodging and wash-
ing. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A. F. DRAGO & CO.. Employment Offlce. 24
Montgomery- ave. — Wanted, 6 woodchoppers,
pine $1 25 per cord; redwood, 73c; rough hard-
wood, $1 CO; shingle bolt, SI SO; a night beli-
boy; waiter for country hotel, must speak
Italian and English, free pass. ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room
12— Pastry cook and confectioner, $75; chef,
JiO; third cook, $30; waiters, $25 and $J0.
A— 1 CABINETMAKER. 1 woodturner; non- !
union; carpenters and planlng-mlll machine
hands please call and register: new Jots
dally; no office fees. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9.
BARBERS, notice — Journeymen Barbers' Inter-
national Union No.' 14S meets MONDAY, Jan.
7. at 8:15 sharp; public installation 9 p. in.;
32 OTarrell st- ; proprietor barbers Invited.
I. LESS. Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN International Union — Free em-
ployment: only recognized union barbers. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secy.^
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, iec, 104 7th; tel. Jes?le 152.
WANTED — Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cer}' ¦ or crockery business ; give references
end wages expected. Box 953, Call.
INDUSTRIAL insurance agent for good debit.
Call on REINDERS. Saturday 9 to 11. rooms
17 and 19, Donohoe bulldlns.
HELPER on sheetiron work; state age. where
last employed and wages expected. Box 919,
Call office.
WANTED — Barber: country; must be first-class,
steady and good appearance, wages |8; Vi over
$18, with board. Apply 808 Potrero ave.
YOUNG man In retail (rents' furnishing: make
himself generally useful: state experience and
palary. Address Custom, box 951, Call.
WANTED— Steady man; light, Indoor work;
will pay $30 monthly: $75 required. Mc-
laughlin & CO., 77714 Market st. . >:,-
GET your Phoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to CCc. £62 MIffIoii St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Strong boy about 17. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont St.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter Bt. >;-::
YOUNG man for clothing store; some expe-
rience. 4 Clay st. 1
PAINTER wanted. BARTON & SONS, Clay
and Taylor sts.-
YOUNG man with experience to_help in a cake
bakery. 911H I-arkln St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 9 Pacific
street.
BOY wanted about 16 years old to learn trade.
126 Kearny Bt., room 1.
WANTED— Electrician and locksmith; one
that understands the business. 1704 Polk st.
HELPER on wrought and cast Iron work. Ap-
plyv 811 Kearny st. '
WANTED — Young man about 13 to learn bar-
ber trade; private shop. Box 955, Call.
WANTED— First - clasa waiter. . 29 Stockton
street. r .
WANTED — Good night waiter. 517 Montgomery
street.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington St.
WANTED— Restaurant steward. Palms Res-
taurant, 7S3 Market st.
YOUNG man to wait at table; small place; $20
to $25 a month. 700 Mission st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 102 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A HARNKSSMAKER fcr Sacramento County;
12 SO a day ar.d board. II. M. QUAST, 400
Market st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lese than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In height: able - to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco. Cal. „
WANTED — A man who Is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the S. P. R. R.; must
be a good mixer; a ••plendkl opportunity for
the rlcht man: must be industrious and am-
I>itlou3; if in doubt address or call upon the
Syndtcate Company, 5 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $l/to $2 per week.
BARBER wanted to buy 5-chair baiber shop:
runnlne 4 chairs steady; bent location In city;
¦ price $350. Address box 903. Call offlce.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. .
FOR sale— 2-chair- barber shop; good trade;
. owner going north. 434 Pacific et.. S. F.V,'
AGENT to Introduce best thing on the- coast.
. Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg., S.F.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm, £06 ¦ Market, room 40, Phelan building..
MEN -to lei«rn barbfcr trade. 741A' Howard st.,
S." F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary 3eamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steiiart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Ma r-
k;t; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'hua and baggage to and from ferry. ;
A BRANCH office for Call " advertisements anl
subscriptions has been established at ' lOSfi
Valencia st. r
.
ANY case of Piles. Piles. Piles. Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950, Call.
HOnSBS, LIVB STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GOOD work horse for sale. S. McCREADY,
1121 Vermont at.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
- HYPNOTISM.
PROF, ""RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
1VVALID CHAIRS^lN^TRICYCLES^
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. ' EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market at.
LOST AND FOUND.
REWARD; ncTqueBtlons asked; disappeared
from Terminal warehouse; watch. Elgin.
4.3S9.528. bf/a case 2.019.905: chain square-link
and links ground; small ring attached, with
garnet set; "H. T." engraved on watchcase.
Return to 629 Seventh St.. or to 622 Townsend.
LOST— At S o'clock Thursday morning, either
: at Fourteenth and Folsom sts. or on East St..
near Market, a gentleman's silver watch witn
geld stem; "Eljln." Finer will please return
to 1970 San Bruno ave.; reward.
LOST OR STOLEN— From Eleventh and Mis-
sion sts., a Gordon setter bitch; reward. Re-
turn to J. MULLER. __
LOST— New Year's eve. In Lorentz's bakery, 133
O'Farrell st.. light-brown fur collarette. Re-
turn to 605 O'Farrell St.; reward.
LOST— Bundle containing unfinished coat. Re-
turn to 28 Hawthorne st. and receive reward.
LOST— January 2, platn gold ring. Return to
offlce. 1004 Market St.; liberal reward.
I SMALL cocker spaniel bitch, color black, with
white circle around neck. Return to grocery,
Turk ana Flllmore: reward.
IX>ST— Jn San Lorenzo, Gordon setter, calls by
name of Jack; reward. Address Postmaster,
San Lorenzo. *. "• '
I
LOST— A Scotch collie bitch; return to Geary
and Larkin Atlas Grocery Store; reward.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MEDICAL.
DrTgTw. 6*DONNELL. mo\-ed to 1018 Market,
opp. Cth; world-renowned ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable- practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all other fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market st. cor. Sixth —
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$3; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin,
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles*
rpeclallsts; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladies treated can return sanw
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, clr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years* practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles sp«-
cialist: safe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co., 212 Ellis St.— Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny St.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy St.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St., near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can Bhlp everything In 2i hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$."> per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, Fells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers", water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear «t. -¦
SOME nice furniture for sale/ very reasonable.
Call 8 to 9 a. m. and 7 to 8 p. m.. at 1S40
Sutter nt. ; no dealers.
A-100-HORSEPOWEU engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FOR SALE— 3 houses to b«» removed. M. V.
BRADY, Builders' Exchange, 12 to 1.
GAS engine, one horsepower. $73; can be seen
at work. Shirt Store, 533 Valencia st.
CANARY birds; choice songsters. 1377 Minna
St., near Fifteenth.
CHEAP— Aermbtor windmill and two tanks. P.
O. box 214, San Rafael.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 518 Mission.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SER. 206 Clay st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, nold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-43 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-harul- moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st., San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST market price paid for Belgian harea;
must be In marketable condition. Montgom-
ery Market, h3T> Market st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off ctothlng bought &
Fold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Kolsom 1131.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. 11. L.
vWHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MOXEV TO LOAN".
AA — BEST rates and eas'.ea terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest In" Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HEnMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
; not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship ; do business with strangers
ar.d you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
wliere. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
Fecond murtirHges. estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st finer
. Chronicle building. HALLORAN* & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. ¦ Uranch 19 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick; lowest rate; easy terms; no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St.. room CS.
A— U00.000.ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erala. J. BROWXSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watrhrs, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hip.hest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. ;
; no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. -301 Jcn».v
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
' $100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnj;;
low rate. Home Bltlg. Co., 222 Sansome. rm. t.
: CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THK TOUSLEY CO.. 321 .Parrott bldg.
¦ 8% cn furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal;
i no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%: undi-
¦ vlded Ints.: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
1 MONEY to lean on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market st., room L
V MOXEY, TO LOAX. '
ON furniture and pianoa; no removal; coo- ,
fldentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bia.
MOXEV WASTED.
MONEY wanted: loaned; gilt edge securities:
expert appraisers; ready demand for anvthlnr
and everything: thrown on our hands and
placed In our spacious salesrooms. D. Mc-
RAE Furn. Co. (incorporated). S37 Mission.
.MUSICAL IXSTRITMBXTS.
A GREAT reduction on pianos left from 1300 sale.
Guild J 3*
Emerson •••• • 45
Weber 1<X>
Stelnway -- 193
Chickerlng *5
Ilaynes - *"*
Hallet A Davis «S
Heine •¦- «3
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 O««ry rt.. agent* •
Hallet & Davis, oldest and most famous ptano
In existence. Rents and easy payments. 10
new pianos at $143 each.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerlnsr upright: coat $475.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. H7 Geary »t.
ANY p»rson having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co. s with
easiest Dayments. lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Etelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlm«
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for tS ca»h and
$« per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stetnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oalc-
land. ¦ §
NOW Is your chance to buy a good piano, for a
small sum of money: $50. $76, $100. $150. sny
price you want. Now, what do you want?
Call on us and get It: MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
FOR the first 15 days of 1301 we are going to
sell our pianos and all kinds of mustcal goccs
at special reductions, with an extra discount
for cash purchases: make money by saving it
at MAUVAIS'. "S3 Market st. ;
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 18.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer. f
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices: flne large one. $153; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chlckertn*. Ma-
son & Hamlln. Vose Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CTRTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st.; open even-
Ing3.
S-PF.DAL upright ptano: sacrifice: party goin*
East. 419 Van Ness ave.. near McAllister »t.
A CLe\NING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions; se« our
leader, only $O. BRUENN. 108 Post st.
TTIItEE~ PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain:'
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission »t.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & other*. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Po«t.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new ptanos. $3 per
month, SCOTT-CURTAZ. S6O Hayes at.
SUPERIOR vicllns, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
BARGATN— Must be sold: nice upright plan*.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hit*. Bank.
OIL.
20 OR 40 acres for *al« In 24 — 28 — 27 Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a company it
taken Immediately. J. S. EWEN. 10 Call-
fornla St., room 1. San Francisco. Cal.
MUST have money: will sacrifice from 50 to
500 shares stock Diamond Oil Company at 50o
per share; company's price 75c, with Imme-
diate advance to $1 announced. Address box
923. Call office.
HOW to get rich— Buy these bargains: 1009
shares Bear State oil stock, sacrtnesd; 500
shares Sunset, only $30; 100 shares, $10. 933
Market st.. room 8.
£000 SHARES of oil stock must be sold at once:
parties must realize at once. LEONARD A
LEONARD. 205 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pin* street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country rorr»»Tw>nrteiicf solicited.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory: line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shartea: rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth at.; open evening*.
TALJIISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Pest; tel. Black 561.
PROF. HAIGHT. Palmist— Readings this week
only for 2oc. | 19CS Market st.. S. F.
PiTEMS A>U l»fcNSIO>>.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer, Examiner h!*\
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In feathers;
hair mattress ar.d pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
steani renovator. 870 Mission; tel. Jessie 111*.
TO whom It may concern— I. AUGUSTO DO-
BELLI. having disposed of my Interest In
firm known as Dobelll & Fomenting dolnv
business at 1313 Stockton St.. will net be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by sail
nrm. .
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle:
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught. ' Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, «7 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hattera. J30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SUITS to oriler on Installments; $13 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMO?. 1117 Market St. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South TSl!
made td order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; flne uphol-
¦ stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 520 11th st.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 41 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
Kc to $1 SO per night: $1 SJ to $6 per week:
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 53. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
YOUNG business man wants lady partner with
means; object, matrimony. Box 3913. Call.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mist.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all flrugglsts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. cTcTo'DONNELL— Offlce and residence!
10T1H Market it, between Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
cured. DR. J. H. REEVE. 26H Kearny st.
ItEAL ESTATE— CITl — h'OK S.VIK.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS, 5 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS WITH EASY TERMS IN THE
MISSION.
Mission *t.. large gore corner. $2500: 2 other
corners. $17:>0 and $1800; Inside lots. 23x100. $1*02.
$12M and $1273; street bttumlnized; electric car*
passing.
French *t.. 23x100. SSGO. S90O nnd Jl'XO.
Highland ave.. 104x100. $3000.
West Park St., 23x100; 12 lots. $600 each.
Rlchl>tnd ave., 14 lots. 25x100. $600 each; S lota
for $750 each.
Crescent ave.. 4 lots for $6J0 each.
Holly st., $400, $5C0. $S0O. and corner for $900.
I Terms— $100 down, balance $10 a month at I
: per cent.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
CUNN. 530 California st.
i MODERN houses built: lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
DESIRABLE building lots; near a school: prtca
reasonable; on easy le-ms. 848 Minna st.
BOUSE and lot for sal-? at a sacrifice; account
of departure. 1623 Post st.
I REAiTeSTATE — COUNTRY — For Sal©
I MARION" GRIFFIN. 719 JJarkerst?"
I Circulars free of Farms In all the counties.
•f Also city and country exchange list.
| R AX C H TO n LET.
NEAR Haywards. 10 acres; well . Improved;
J cub rent. 292S Sixteenth si, dt/.Henry P. and Gracibel W. Brlckell to Edward
C. Landl*. lot on NW corner of Chestnut and
Larkln streets, N 29:6 by W 139:6; $3000.
City and County of San Francisco to Abra
ham Haas, lot on NTV' corner of Van Ness
avenue and Jackson street, W 138 by N 80; .
Charles L. Beal to Elizabeth L. Beal
(mother), lot on N line of Clay street. 25 B
of Stelner, E 25- by.N- 102:Stf : gift.
Elizabeth L. Beal (wife of Samuel) to Mary
A. and Charles A. King, same; $4000.
Charles A. King to Mary A. King, names
gift
Edward and. Mary O'Connor to Charles Mil
ler, lot on W line of Pierce street, 113:9 8 of
Lombard. B 23:9 by W 137:6; $1000. '
Same to Charles Kathri, lot on W line of
Pierce street, 90 8 of Lombard, 8 23:9 by W
137:6; $1000.
Josephine Beyersdorf to Eugene and Made
line Calmon, lot on SB corner of Pino ktreet
and Central avenue, E 30 by B 87:6: $1000.
, John Ohrlng to Henry and • Anna Stoeckle,
lot on BE line of Kisling street, 126 NB of
Twelfth, E 23. BE 80, SW 21:8, N"W 80: $4500.
Walter S. , Richard H. and Samuel B. Red
mond and Hattle L. Shlra to Carollntt L. Kld
der, lot on N lliw of Twenty-flrst street. 280
W of Sauchei, W 25 by N 114; $1000.
¦ Chandler W. and Bertha E. Burgess to, WH
llam Clarke, lot on B line of Eighteenth street.
100 E of Hartford. E 25 by S 75; $3500. \; .
Mary G. Welsh .to Joseph W. Welsh, lot on
E line of Folsom street, 185 8 of Twenty-sec
ond. S 30 by E 112:6; gift.
0. B. and Sarah Smith to O. B. Smith Com
pany (corporation), lot on NE corner of Front
and Washington ftreets, B 96, N 60, W 36, 8 80,
W 60, S 30: gift; also lot on Nw corner of
Front and Sacramento streets. N 30 by W 70;
also undivided one-quarter of lot on SB cor
ner of Camlno Real (old - Ban Jose . road) and
C. 8. de Bernal'B line, S 94, E 129. N 142, W to
beginning, portion of Rancho El Rincon d»
las Salinas y Potrero Vlejo: also undivided
one-quarter of lots 39, 40 and 41, Tiffany and
Dean Tract; $10.
Rosarlo and Antonio G. Minors to Augustlno
A. Cereghlno. lot on 8 line of Vallejo street,
91:6 W of Kearny, W 20 by S 60; $2000..
Andrea* and Glulla Arata to Vlttorlo Cuneo.
lot on SE corner of Filbert street and Jasper
place, E 60 by 8 37:6; $5000. ¦
1. L. or Isaao L. and ! Pauline Hofmann to
Victor L. Podssta,' lot on N line of Clay street,
94 E of LeavMiworth, E 43:8 by N SO; $12,000.
Estate of John Lee (by John Lee Jr., admin
istrator) to Isaac T.' Doane, undivided >» -of
lot on NW corner of Second and " Townsend
streets, N 76, W 80, N 26, W 80, S 100, B 160;
$7000. : . •-:-¦ ¦¦•¦- -¦.'." ¦
Walter C. la BergK to William R. Kenny,
lot on E llns of Eighth avenue. 145 N of Clem
ent street. N 30 by E 120; $2000.
Adelaide M. McCrosson to Milton 8. Eisner,
lot on Wllne of Twenty-seventh avenue.- 175 N
Of 8' street, N 100 by W 120; $10/ /
Herman Kullman t6 Amalia Kullman. undi
vided W of lot on N corner of Laldley and Mi
guel streets,' NE 2O4:6,;NW.83, W 155, 8 78:8
SE 18>:3. block IS, Falrmount; gift. * . \ .
Richard Webb to Jana Webb, lot on N line of
Montana street. 200 W. of; Plymouth. W 200 by
N 125;, also lot on- S llns of Brunswick . street
178 E; of. r Oliver. B 178 by S 213. lots 111 and
112. West End Homestead ; also lot on N • line
of Broad avenue, 270 E of Capitol, E 50 by N
125:, gift. .... -, .. - ,-¦; :.¦ . ,,. ¦. . ¦-^¦..
- In re L. F v - Loveland ¦ (bankrupt) • (by Aaher
B. Bates, referee) to Henry C Hyde (assignee)
all iproperty.-No.v 1109 :U. H 8, District ,, Court of
Northern District of California; $—.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Money for the Army.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— The Secretary
Of ,War has submitted to Congress an ad
ditional deficiency estimate of $3,000,000 for
army sustenance, caused chiefly by the
heavy demands of the forces In China and
the Philippines. , .
Sub-Station Removal.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Postmaster Friend
has ordered the removal of the East Oak
land sub-postal station from Its present
place In Mason's storo to Melvln a drug
store, corner Sixth avenue and East
Twelfth street. Mrs. Mollie Melville Dew
ing will be In charee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. l-Postmastera
commissioned: Oregon— Irvin B. Cush
man, Acme. Appointed: California— W.
C. Goldsmith, Lower Lake, Lake County,
vice Emily M. Hanson, resigned; J. H.
Dlxon.. Newport Beach, Orange County,
vice C. C. Crookshank, resigned; Minnie
Beekman, Ozena, Ventura County, vice
O. E. Mays, resigned; Levl Dillman, Buxn
mlt, San Bernardino County, vice H. B.
Davis, resigned. Washington— Mary J.
Wright^ Douglas, Doug-las County, vice
E. D. Finch, resigned.
Pensions Issued ' to-rday: California:
Original— John Johnson, Lompoc, $8. In
creased — Conrad, Carol! ena, LJagas, |10;
Joab W. Snick, Santa Paula, *17. "War
with Spain, original— Harry Rltter, San
Francisco, $6; Henry Jose Askew, San
Francisco, $30; William H. Robb, Vallejo,
UO.
Oregon: Original — John Landes. Clack
amaa, $12. war with Spain, original-
William J. Armltage, Roseburg, $5.
Washington: Increase— Coursen C. Sill
ier, (Luzon Island), $8: Wilhelm
Busch, "Washington Soldiers* Home, Ort
ing, 512; Andrew J". Philips, Seattle, T $12.
Original widow— Cynthia A. McKenny,
Olympla,.$17. War with Spain, original—
-William Curry, Vancouver. $6. ' r
The condition of the national banks at
San Francisco at the 'dose of business,
December 13, shows the average reserve
held, 32.62 per cent. Loans and discounts,
118,423.732. Gold coin, $2,600,340. Total spe
cie. $3,601,109. Individual deposits, $15.
332,376. -...,-.
Representative Kahn will Introduce a
bill, at the suggestion of John D. Spreck
els, prepared by the Chief of the Bureau
of Statistics of the Treasury Department,
providing for gathering statistics of the
commerce between* San Francisco and
Hawaii, Alaska and the Philippines and
all the territory under the Jurisdiction of
but ccntingruous to tlpe United States.
Since the annexation of, Hawaii no record
has been kept of exports or imports be
tween San Francisco and these islands.
San Francisco has received credit only
for the commerce with foreign ports. The
f>ro posed bill will remedy this by nrovid
ng for manifest ¦ of the recording of
cargoes of vessels plying between San
Francisco and ports in the territory and
islands named.
Kepresentative Kahn to Present a Bill
for Keeping Commercial Sta
tistics of Hawaii.
03? T"h| -\* v}TVffifi r p TO THE
PEOPLE OF THE COAST
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
TV F Dunphy & w, Cal
C K Garey, Portland
E J Walker. Stanford
R Hlxon, New Haven
J M Carlisle. N Haven
P L Mitchell, N Haven
B P Mitchell, N Haven
M K Parker. N Haver.
A D Allen, New Haven
G A Welch. New Havn
F B Etaeman, N Haven
J A Keppleman, N Hav
L K Butler, New Havn
B O Younit, N Haven
O W Crawford. Cal
C W Barnes, N Haven
A J Broff, New Haven
F B Keys, New Haven
L E Fritch, New Havn
H L Cuitis. New Havn.
C B Shaver, Fresno
HA Walters, Wash
D Campbell & w, Cal
Misses de Fremery.Oak
C B Pratt. Omaha
F C Graff & w, Omaha
W B Peck & w, N Y
E F Ford, Pa
T Flint Jr & w, Cal
T J Freed & w, Mont
G B Coy & w, S Dak
J T Osllvle Jr, Ccnn
E Goothe, Conn
J W Reynolds, Conn
W W Herrlck, Conn
R M Levering 1 , Conn
N Smith, Conn
C W Smith, Conn
G A Dewey, Conn
T W Jackson, Conn
H Chappell, Conn '
D Blossom. Conn
L S Tyler, Conn
F -H Wlggln, Conn
F W Sheridan. Conn
D J Whittlesey. Conn
G D Guthrle, Conn
Mrs M H Coburn, Cal
W G Hanshaw. Oaklnd
F L Behr, Pa
F A Moore. N J
C L Day, N J
W B Weston, N J
Mrs F F Thoma*. Cal
J H Thomas, Cal
Miss M A Thomaa, Cal
Miss N Thomas Cal'
Miss C Day, Cal
Miss K Bunnell. Cal
Mrs J L Thomas, Cal
F F Thomas Jr. Cal
G W Hull. Arizona
M Haralomb, Cal
J D Mulverhlll, N T
C F EKan, USA
A 'H Boomer, Cal
G T Berry, Lo« Ang
R W Christian. Mont
F M Van Wicklen, NH
L Manlene, X H
J C Sehulte, N T
A G Kavanaugh. L'SN
S Thall. New York
F C Drew. Cal
Miss Orodjlntky, Wash
T A Hynes, Australia
R E Belmont. Chicago
W R Ramsdejl. Nev
D S Rosfnbaum, Stock
R J Stckels. Masa
E H Cox, Madera
G B S perry, Stockton
B E Veatch, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
O H Rice, Redwood
Mrs Rice, Redwood
T XV Goad. Colusa. ,
H McConnell, Cal
'i W Edwards, Stanfrd
R H Webster. Ca.1
I' E Anzar. S Juan
W T Sheard. Tacoma
C C .Vauraan, Cal
G W Mally, Martinez
W W Koote, Oakland
C W Tucker. Oakland
V i, Mitchell, Los Ang
C C fihattuck. Cal
Mrs Shattuck. Cal
3 C Shattuck Jr. Cal*
Miss J F Shattuck. Cal
0 M Lacey. Hanford
H McCray. Cal
J Leoy, Vlsalla
A Millce, Riverside
A A Caldwell, Cal
1 II Prather, Sulsun
F Brophy, Los Ang
H E Carter. Los Ang
J B Robinson, Sacto
G K Rider. Sacto
Mrs Rider, Sacto
A Oppenhelmer, ptld
W P Smith, San Jose
Mrs Smith. San Jose
Mra J S Cobb, S Jose
P B Abbe, Ban Juan
J. T. Johnson, S Jose
Mrs M T Hewitt, Cal
J B Brown, Cal
Mrs Brown, Cal
H J Nelson, Concord
II H Hunter, Ban Jose
T H Smith. Los Ang
C Wheeler. Reno
A G Bell. Colfax
I' Johnson, Sonora
Miss M Lyman, Illinois
Miss P C Davis, Ch*o
W F Sheard, Tacoma
O D Doonell. Cal
S J Pring-le. Oakland
W F Lenzen, S Joie
J W Smith, Stockton
H T Bagley, Alameda
R. PlnkelspMl. Bulsun
If W Miller. Bulsun
W W Douglas, Bacto
D Klipatrlck, Prescott
J K Johnson, Miss
Mrs Johnson. Miss
E E Condo, Sacto
H G Carr, Maryavllle
H C Mackey. Cal
A Levy, St Joseph
A Van Knobot, f, Utah
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Bree, Keswlck
F O Patrick, Seattle
J Sw&rtzlander, Btanfd
W Brown, Stanford
H Clifton & w, Napa.
F W Winters, Cal
W Evans & w; Petalu
Ben White, Cal
W II Spencer. Cal
M Baker & w. Modesto
F P Braceland, Colo.
J A Thompson, Butte ¦
C Glllisplp, Tacoma
II McLeod, Wlnona
S P Cameron, Seattle
M Mathewson &w, B C
M InneB & w, Boise '
J J Sullivan. Seattle
F Slssons, Boiton
T Thursslon, Boston
A M. Kmmons, Orland
F 8 Pratt, Mass
S Brown & w, Chicago
H C Royer, L Ang
H R Taylor, Kans
J L Kercheval. Cal
W Baxter, Armona j
Miss B Burton, Ind
C Relchlerier. Pa
J Parrott, Cleveland
C G Morrison. Omaha
O Butscher. Cal
R ' Comben, Cal
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— Georr* B.
Roberts, the Director of the Mint, to-day
made public his preliminary estimate of
the production of gold and silver In. the
United States during the calendar year
1900. The aggregate of gold is given aa
3,837,218 fine ounces, valued at J79.S22.2S1,
and ot silver 69,630,543 fine ounces, which,
at the approximate average price of 61
cents for the year, makes the value $36,
362.431.
During the calendar year 1899 the gold
production was $71,063,400 and th« silver
production 64,781,500 fine ounces. ' The
Nome gold and silver production for 1900
was given as $5,100,000 and that 'of the
Klondike, which Includes both the Amer
ican and Canadian fields, $22,287,656. The
product of the Canadian mines Is -not in
cluded in the figures given, but aa the
gold and silver comes to the American
mints, the value Is given separately.
' The following In the production by
States and Territories in gold value and
in silver fine ounces: '
Director of the Mint Gives
Estimates of the Pro
duction.
Colorado Stands at the Head of the
List Both in Gold and Silver,
California Being the
Next. ¦£';: .
GOLD OUTPUT
OF PAST YEAR
who performed the autopsy on the re
mains of Captain Stendell of the sloop
Lulu, admitted to-day that the evidence
of murder was only speculative. Marks of
blows were found on the skull, but the
body was so badly decomposed that no
decided opinion could be given.
. Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County,
who Is Investigating the case, thinks that
Stendell was 'lead before falling Into the
water. The Sheriff said yesterday: "I am
of the opinion that the Lulu's skipper was
murdered by companion pirates with
whom he had quarreled over plunder. Ac
cording to my theory, he was prowling
about under the wharves; at Point Rich
mond In the email, boat that la missing.
and was thrown from that and not from
the deck of the sloop. I have been mak
ing Inquiries along the water front of
Oakland arid San Francisco, and. have
found traces of Stendell. Three days be
fore he disappeared "at Point Richmond
he crossed from San Francisco to Oak ¦
land and tied up at Broadway wharf. He
was accompanied by another sloop, and
evidently the owners quarreled over plun
der, for a 300-foot hawser was found on
the wharf next morning cut to pieces.
Stendell then went to Point Richmond
and anchored off the Santa Fe slip, near
another sloop, ort which were two men.
The night after their arrival Watchman
O'Brien heard cries, evidently coming
from under the freight wharf.
"My theory Is this: Stendell and the two
men from the other vessel rowed under
the freight wharf In search of plunder,
and while there quarreled, and Stendell
was struck on the head and thrown in the
bay. His skiff ¦was found floating about
the next day. Stendell was a powerful
swimmer and could easily have saved
himself unless stunned before striking the
water."
The funeral of the dead skipper was
held this afternoon from undertaking par
lors In Berkeley.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Dr. J. B. Eastman,
Sheriff Veale Finds Evidence of the
- . : Dead Skipper's Occupa- ;";;;'
-
THINKS STENDELX
WAS A BAY PERATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901.
11
STATES.
I ' I Silver,
Gold Values. I Fine Ounces
Alabama
Alaska.
Arizona
California
Colorado
Georgia
Idaho *.
Maryland
Michigan
Montana
Nevada
New Mexico
North Carolina .......
Oregon
South Carolina !
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington :.....
Wyoming ..............
12,600 27
7,771.000 318.400
3,500,000 4,250,000
14,377,200 912,800
29,500,000 20,282,200
120,165 478
2,067,173 4,500,000
186
207 13,100
6,126,615 16,750,000
2,350,000 1,229,756
900,000 600,000
51.019 13,092
1.175.782 150,000
122,625 ¦ 395
6,617,676 2SO.O0O
20« 1
7,000 600,000
4,237,728 9,500,000
3,534 2S5
826,873 300,000
24,806
STATES.
I ' I Silver,
Gold Values. I Fine Ounces
Alabama
Alaska.
Arizona
California
Colorado
Georgia
Idaho *.
Maryland
Michigan
Montana
Nevada
New Mexico
North Carolina .......
Oregon
South Carolina !
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington :.....
Wyoming ..............
12,600 27
7,771.000 318.400
3,500,000 4,250,000
14,377,200 912,800
29,500,000 20,282,200
120,165 478
2,067,173 4,500,000
186
207 13,100
6,126,615 16,750,000
2,350,000 1,229,756
900,000 600,000
51.019 13,092
1.175.782 150,000
122,625 ¦ 395
6,617,676 2SO.O0O
20« 1
7,000 600,000
4,237,728 9,500,000
3,534 2S5
826,873 300,000
24,806
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Southern Pacific Company
2=5 Years 4] Per Cent Gold Bonds.
DUE DECEMBER 1, 1905.
(Redeemable at the option of the Ccmpany on and after December 1st,
.^•j\ .;,. 1902, at par and accrued interest.)
At the price of 88 per cent and ACCRXTED INTEREST, payable aa
.'. follows:
9 50.00 per Bond on January 7, 1901, and *
e 837,50 per Bond on February 1, 1901
$987.50 per Bond of 9 1000.
The $10,000,000 Bonds are a direct obligation of the Southern Pacra»
Company and form part of a present issue of $15,000,000 secured by a
deposit with the Central Trust Company of New York, Trustee, of
$ 7,174,000 Various Bonds (face value)
s 59,487,000 Various Stock (face value) of Companies controlled
"* by the Southern Pacifio Company.
1,530,000 Stock of Wells, Fargo & Company (face value.)
SUBSCRIPTIONS "WILL BE RECEIVED SOTDTiTANEOXrSLY BY
MESSRS. SPEYER & COMPANY, NEW YORK, and BY. THE NEVADA
NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO ON JANUARY 4, 1801, AT 10
O'CLOCK A. M., AND CLOSE AT 3 O'CLOCK P. M. OF THAT DAY.
Subscriptions must be accompanied by a deposit of $50. OO per Bond,
¦which deposit is to be returned on any Bonds not allotted.
Default in making the final payment on or before Thursday, 31st of
January, 1901, at our office, will, at the option of Messrs Speyer A
Company, New York, forfeit the subscriber's right to the sum paid at
the time of Subscription.
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OP SAN FRANCISCO.
, By ISAIAS W. HELLXAN, President
BATLEOAD TRAVEL.
NOVTMRR5 fAViriO COHFIHT.
(rAcino iiru.)
. Tralaa l«nt* nnU Mr* «!«• I* «rrl»» ml
MAN riiAX*: !*«:«».
(Halo Line, Foot ol Market Street.)
IIATB — IjlOU JAMV*BT L 1901. — ABBITI
7iS»a Beatdv Suisna, Eliair*. Vtekfille.
RumHj •«! ntenmnnta Tt4Sr
7i8»a Dm»i», Woodlu4. KnlgaU L«nrt1ng.
v MansTtlle, Orot Ule. 7il."»r
7i3t* AtUatla Ki press—Of den and EajI 13:I3r
»»Ol>* M»rtluei.S»nH*mon, V*llejo. H»p».
Cauatoga »nd Suit* Ron SilSp
IiMiKUm, Iitannora, Tner. tathropw
8tockton 7ll3y
• i3»A SusU EiprfM-DiTit WiIU»au (for
Bmrilett SrrinH), WUlowi, Red
Bluff. roctluuL. 7i<Sr
¦¦¦•A 8»u Jos?. Llfermor*. Sloektoa.
loue. Baeranaeato. Plaovrrule.
>I«rjs»ni«, Chico. Kail Blu.t 4il«r
RiStA Oakdale, Chinese, Sonort, Carters... 4ilAr
»t<M)A Hsrwftrds. NllcssndWay8utloas. IIiOa
9i00 a Los Ancslee Hxpress — Martiuea.
Tner. Xatbrop. 8tookton, Merofd
Treano and Loe Angeles TtlSp
•i3«A V»llMo, Martluoj aud Way Buttons 3i«1p
I »it»t a The OTexland Limited— Ofdea, Den-
»er, Omaha, Chicag) •:4lP
I 1 iOO a KUea. Stockton, Haaraarato, M*n-
dota. Firsno, Ilaafoxd. VUalia.
ForterTlUe r «i!3r
1IiO»a LtTermore, Sanjer. Ooehen Joao-
tton, Bakenneld, Lot angslss
tli««pS*cr»in«uto Ulter 3t«»mari {SiABa
8t«Or Haywarda. Nile* and Way Buttons. 8i»f
4t«*r M artiuex. ««n lUmon. ValI«Jo.
Napa. Callotnga. SauU Rosa ••1«a
4iOOp Benlcla, Wtsten, atcrnaarUo,
Woo.llatiJ. KnlghU Landln«.
M»rynTlll», Oro» Ills leili*
¦iiaop HijTrard*. Ktiesaud Ban Joie t •¦-»•'**
StO9p NUss. LlT«nnore, Stoekhm. Lodl ... IO:43 4
fOt««r Sunset LlmttedL El fwo, Kew
Orleans and Eul «10i13a
SiOOpThe Owl Limited— Trsey. fiesno.
Bakersfleld. Bangtis for daaU Bar-
bara. Los Aoceles • IwiISa
SiOOr Ksw Orleaaf Ezoress— nakenKald.
Htnta Uafbara, Loe Angeles. Dem-
inc. £1 Fuo, tfsw Oritsus sad
Ea»t 7««A
RiflOr Hajwarda, Nilea and San Jos* ?<4»a
t«)O«r Vallejo Ilt4a»
MsOiirOrienul Mail— Ogdeo. Cbejenae,
Omaha, Chicsgo lSilSr
«iOOr Orleotal >UII~Ogif o, Denver.
Omaha. Clueaco. 4il3r
7tOOp Otojon and California KxprMs.nao.
r*iiienti>. Maris«llle. lta<Mlnff.
rortlami, Tngst 8ouml ami Kul Ii43a
Ii«1r9u Fsblo, Port Costa, Mutlnex •' •
and Way Hlatloni 11>43a
I»i«3p Vallojo Tt43p
COAST l»l VISION (Xarroir (laBie).
(Foot of Murkct Street.)
8iiaANewark.Ceut«rTllle,8aaJose,r»ltoa.
Boalder Cteek.Sauta Oru» and Way
btaUous. ••*•*.. .••......•••.•«-.•• •••Op
jail. If N«»ark. CeaterVille, San Jots, New
- AhnadeD. Feiton, Boulder Creek,
SaoU Crui and Principal Wai
Station* t'J** 0 *
4il5p Xewark. San Jo*«. Los Gatoa 8>a«A
a»>SOp Banters* Kxsanion. Saa Jose sad - _-
Wsy Stations j1t»«T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tttmiii FliHOlsn— F»«t if llarktt Slri.l <SU> !)—
tT:ll »00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:33 S:93'.tf.
frits OUUIl-.'iit it Br»U««T.— 1«;00 UM t9iOS
10:00 A.M. 13.;a 8:03 t:C3 SAtrM.
COAST IUTISION (KroailCaaie).
(Third and Towmeiul St.*.)
|««IOa Ooean View, South Saa Pnndsoo.. f«iawp
7iO»a Ban Jo»e and Way SUUons (New •
Aliuadeu We<«ti«*daTianlr> liS«V
•>««A San Jose. Trss IMiios. Rauta Crux.
PaeiQe GroTs. l'asn llubles. Saa
Luis Oblipo. Haif. Lompoo sud
Principal War Stations -liiop
I»i«*a Baa Joie and War Statious CiS-l*
IIiSOA Han Joa« aud War -Station! 9t3l9p
ta<43p Saa Mateo. lle.lwoo.1. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa C!ar», 8an Jose.
Tres Pinos. 8anta Ctirz. Salinas.
MonteTerand Pasino Rrovs uncm*
f»i»»p Saa Jose and War Stalloni 7>3«p
ff ilSr San Joieaud Principal War Stations »: 13a
13i«OrS»n Jose, Loa Gates and Principal
Way SUUons t»iO»A
8i3Or San Joie and Principal War Stations S:33*
•i3»p San Jose and War Stations f":«M»*
OlM«3p3an Jose anil Way Station! 7i30p
A for Morninf . P for Afternoon,
t Snndar exeeptad. t Snndar only.
g Mondays. Wednesdays, Fridays,
s Tuesdays, Tharsdaji, Sundays. -
a Saturday og] jr .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE1K.W ST. Established
tn 1S34 f-« the treatment of I'rWats
Diseases. Lint Manhood. Debllltror
disease weartoron body and mind and
3Icln Diseases. The Doctorcnreswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<:nrft(uarnntrrii. Cull or write.
Dr. J. tf. U1DBO.N, Man Francisco, CaL
WEEEff CALL
SI pep. Ycai'p«l. : -
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry,' Foot •' MarKet St
. Sen Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBTJRON FERRY— FOOT OF. MARKET BT.
WEEK DATS— 7:20. »:00, 11:00 a. m.1 12:35, J:30,
-,6:l3, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:80
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, i:S0, 11:00 a. m.: 1:SO. S:SO. 5.-00,
6:20 p." m. ¦ ' ' . ,
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10, 7:50, »: JO, 11:10 a. m.: 13:45.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:65
and 6:35 p. m. -¦..•¦ .
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:<0, 11:10 a. m.j 1:40, 8: 40, 8:06,
6:35 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetsen Park,
earn* schedule aa above. <
Leave I In Effect I Arrive.
¦ San Francisco, j Nov. 7, 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I • . .1 Sun- v I Week
Days. | days.. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:S0 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
' Fulton. ¦ . . ¦ / .• -
7:80 am Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsburr,
.. ¦ Lytton. •
Oeyserville, -
8:39 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami . I Hopland I .1 . -,.-. -
' I t;00 am| and Uklah. | 7:38 pm| 6:23 pm
7:80 am . 10:25 am
• 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm - 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am -Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
•¦ •'•,;¦ - ¦- -. . ¦¦-¦¦ -and .
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' 110:40 am]lO:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. ' [ 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton- Springs; at
Oeyserville for Skaggs Springs; at ¦ Cloverdale
for the • Qeysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda. Bay," Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ;.•* -Uklah for Vichy, Springs, Saratoga
Springs. • Bhle Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, > Potter " Valley.
John. Day's, .Riverside. :LlerIey # 8, Bucknell's,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullvllle.Orr's Hot Springs
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. : Westport, UsaL
Wllletts, Laytonville, Cummtngs.Beirs Springs.
Harris. Olsena, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. ;»: 7
• Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. : •. . * : *. .
; On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half. rates. .-' , ¦
-Ticket, of nee, 6S0 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing, -¦¦-¦: . R. X. RYAN, "
, li. C. WHITING. .. , Gen. Pasi. Agt.
Gen. Manager. •
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
: ggggCLCY REAL ESTATE.
IIT0&— SEE this new t-room cottage on a 1S0-
foot strert; exreet work ail done* richt at
• Astaby station; high basement; fine mantel-
n«»^- h# t baIance W Per month. W. c!
MORAN, Lortti Station. Derkeley.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
' in rarea, in wrapper, for mailing. |l per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE—1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SS50— A SMALL, home of 4 rooms tad bath; must
be K>1«: ESth St., near Telegraph ave.: 25x100.
A. J. SNYDER & CO., Real Eftate, 467 Ninth
ft.. Oakland. Cal.
'?:&&— 4 ROOMS ; 32x100; must be sold. A. J.
SS'TPKR Kr f-Q . «f? Ninth rt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FtRXITURE FOR SALE.
AS Istroducticn to you freni H. Schellhang. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR IlOl'SEKEEPIXG.
BRODERICK. C25— Two or three neatly fur-
nished room* tor housekeeping; reasonable.
- DEYISADERO. lSllS— S or 4 handsomely fur-
nifhed tunny rms. f*r housekeeping. $12 or »13.
• FOLSOM. £"4— Large tunny bay-window room
and kitchen; modern conveniences; 13 week.
MINNA, Is— Nice sur.r.y furnished front house-
keeping and einclc- rooms; Tic and fl wreck.
• JUXNA. 546 — Furnished rooms, complete for
;. twusekeeninc: large yard.
¦ O FARUELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny rar-
lors; gas, bath and phone; light houstkeep-
• ing; other rooms.
• gnCONTV :i2— N>vly furnished; reasonable and
reiTx-ctable : very convenient and quiet.
A BRANCH office fnr Call advertlfments and
BUbscrirtiorj haa been established at 1<#6
¦ ' Valencia et.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, S2M Flllmore et.
ItOOMS TO LET turn, and Infnrn.
AUttBOBSt HOTEL., Ztl tiract sve.- Best dol-
.. lar a day family hotel In city; rollte attend-
ance; large rooms; mod>"r. conveniences;
ronTtm 5"< u,->: ftrst-clas* rnoa:.« 25c; free coach.
¦ A— "BRUNSWICK House, Us Sixth— Roonu SSe
. , to II r*r nicht; n 25 to (S per week, and light
hotsckerplng; open al! r-ight.
BrttNETT. J4S6 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlslird rms.. cult"-. *:npl*; also unfurnished.
¦ UVSH. iCi <The k:r>— Nicely furnished sunny
r.v.t; <!ay. :> u;>; v\k.. II *> up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
• ELLIS. S3), corner Larkin— Bay-window alcove,.
.' . tnamd, kitchen, gas »io\-e: single or en suite.
'. GEARY, 4<~'"Ti:c- Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nr.?: ?ul;e? or elnple; travelers accommodated.
GOLrEX 'late ave., 622 — 1 sinrle eunny front
rpQsa . clean and comfortable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. *outhea*t corner Seventh
snd Mission sts.— Sunr.y rooms, en suite or
firjrle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
.GROVE. S04 — Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; rice «nd funny.
LAS PALM AS. 1S20 Market ft. -Suite or 3 or 3
nns; private; bath; sin. nr.s; board optional.
1_E\Y7S place. IS — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let: single or <?n suite.
NEW ARLINOTOX. ioi5 Market St.— Nicely
fnrnHhtfl rooKis.. JI a week up; 25c a day up.
OTARRELL. 2^> — Sunnr furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lights: day, vk., mo.
ROSEDALE House, Si3-3:i Ellis St.— Rooms,
Bigbt. Zlz to $1; week. $1 25 to J4; open night.
HOTAL House, 126 Kill* St.— Incandescent light;
re*.fitag-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lc>r; rooms, per r.Urbt, SSc to Jl 50; week, S2 to
t?; month. t$ to $33; elevator on ground floor;
Tocrra TrUh hot end cold water; b&tha.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or mrfurnlshed.
BUTTER, 2I?4— Charged har.Ss; newly reno-
vated; rirgle room*. IS; eu'.tes. t!2 to VS mo.
VALENCIA. iiS— P-^nr.y ?urr.!i>hed front hay-
wmdo'w room; suitable for I: apply upper fia.t.
• A BRANCH off.ee for Cell advertisements and
- fubscrlptlcns has been established at 10S«
Valencia rt.
CLAPf-IKIED advertisements *nd subscriptions j
r»/v>1vr>1 at Call 'brunch n?flc». TSy> FilJmore st. !
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the o;d Stevensrm mansion, cpp. Grace
<~rurcb. with annex S^ California st. may
be :«ur.fl a most exceptlor^lly pood table, at-
t-ac*.'.ve ar.3 tightly roorrs at modest rates. •
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
. _,_ . r ., .._,._, tlJ _, , -ii-., ..._r...ri.i.j ,\, ,,. mj-.,~ ,-..,¦. i._i._. !
GENTLEMAN war.t? room; private family; i
•board 1 opt icr.&l; central; state terms. Box 3^7.
<"a'.l office.
¦CANTED — Young Ia2y wiehes room and board
¦"-ith private family. Box 956, Call office.
¦ ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 or % furnished rooms for house-
fc**Utn«. Bex rri. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~"
PAN FRANCISCO. Dec SL lSOO^The secretary
at the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
tma Society, situated on Height street, hereby
p:ves notice that the following orphan and
J.alf-orphan girls ar.d boys have been received
at the institution from July 1. 1300. to Janu-
»ry 1. 1*01: Julia Reese, 14 yrs. 4 men.; Annie
•:ar.:ke, 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Mary VT. Peterson 11
yrs. S mos.; Mary p. Bcott, 7 yrs. 5 mos.;
Mary E. Cummir.ps. 4 yrs. 4 mos.; HUdaOlsen
12 yrs. 10 rr.oa.: Annie E. Zwaal. 6 yr«. 4 :r,o«. ;
Herman Hanlke. S yrs. s mot. : Willie R&n-
i--;n. 14 yrs. » mos. : Charles A. Peteraon, 9
:-rr. 5 mos. ; Hugh Cavanaugh. 7 yrs. 7. mos. ;
-"larence Cavanauph. 6 yra.; William J. Bcott,
I yrs. 2 mos.; Edward Cummings, S yrs 2
ma*.; Charles J. Zwaal, 5 yra. l mo.; Harold
F: Elliot, i yrs. ; John H. Hansen. 9 yra. 2
no*. ; Rirharfl J. NIcholdeon. 7 yrs. 4 mos.,
end BteWETt H. Elliot, 5 yre. S mos.
HAD ter.ar.ta ejected for U: collections made:
•city cr countrj-. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4IS Mnr.tgorr.pry £t.. rooms »-10: tel. C580.
SCttlVG MACHINES AXD StPPLIES.
/LL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
f+4. <"ha.rtps- Plain beck, 1915 Mission, nr. Uth.
ALL k:rd« bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: ojrf-n even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold rented, repaired; needlee and
'shuttles; reduced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
T*"ILSOIC BROS. . storace and morlnc; covered
var.s. Tenth ar.d Market; phone' South 762.
BEXIN*S Van and Btorare Co.. 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1£4&; shipping at cut rates.
SLOT .MACHINES.
ELOT machine*— Latest style; S40 each. 1167
Market «t.. b»t. Beventh and Eighth.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPE\TOrTERS^\v>
sell better ciachinea for less money th«n any
house In the city; rentals, 13. The Typewriter
Exchange, 638 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAT8 barraJRs in typetrrlters; any make.
V-rlU for pr!c*« to L. & id. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery et.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
CAN rRANCIFCO.Dec! 26. 19o£^The~flrm here-
tofore *xi*tinB und<*r the name and style of
BO\E & HABENICHT Is this day dissolved
• by mutual consent, GEORGE HABENICHT
having purrhatw-d the entire fispets and nega-
tives of ea.ld firm. The fald GEORGE HABE-
XICHT bx» as»um«?d all the liabilities of said
firm and all the debts due said firm will be
paid to said GEORGE HABENICHT.
O. H. BOTB.
GEO. HABENICHT.
prcSposaxsT ~~~
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office of
. PurchaEing Commissary. Ean Franclaco. Cal
January 4, 1K1. Bealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering* of euch quantities of subsis-
tenoe supplies, delivered at such i wharf of
wharves or ruch warehouse* In Ban Francisco,
• Cal.. ae per circular to be seen at this office
will be received her* ont!l 11 o'clock a. m.,
. Tuesday, January 15,' 1801, and opened im-
mediately thereafter la presence of bidders.
Fpeciflcations, general instructions to bidders
¦ and fciank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W. H.
BALIrtVIN, Major and C S.. U. S. Army
.Purchasing Commissary.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., January 2, 1S01.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re~
oplved here until 11 o'clock, a. m., January
CS. 1SK51, and then opened, for construction of
KoepitaJ Fteward's Quarters at Fort McDow-
ell. Cal. Government reserves right to reject
or arpf.pt any or all Wd» In whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
"iurtion, conditions of price and quality <ln-
¦ r'.uijlng In the prlc* of foreign productions the
fluty th«!r*on) tx*ir.g equal, and such prefer-
?•nc* given to articles of American production
r>ro<Jue*4 on the Pacific Coast, to extent of coa-
tumptlon r»q.ulr**l by the public «ervice there.
Information furnished on application to J.
M. -MARSHALL. Deputy Quanermaeter Gen-
eral. ChW Q. M.
DIVIDEND, XOTICES.
" 3O i V i D ? XD Safe" Deposit,
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.-For the six months ending
December 3L 1900. dividends have been de- !
clared on deposits In the savings department
of this company as follows: On term de-
pcslts at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of '•
3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and pay-
able en and after "Wednesday, January t.
1901. Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear th» same rate~bt dividend
as the principal from. and after January L
1301. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Xotlrt — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 25. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
f tock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Califor-
nia street. San Francisco, on January 10. 190L
Transfer bocks close January 3. 1901. at noon.
A. A. SPARKS.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 222 Bansome st., has for the year end-
Ing December 31, 1900, declared a dividend of
6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits
and 6 per cent en term deposits.
WM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Security Savings Bank. 522
Montgomery St., Mills bulldlnir — For the Half-
year ending December 31, 1900, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of three and slx-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on or-
dinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January Z. 1901.
h^jj S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
i OFFICE of The Hlbernia Savings and Loan
6ociety. corner Market. McAllister and Jones
Bts. San Francisco, Dec. 28. 1900. — At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Directors of thle
Society, held this day. a dividend has been
<!ecl«red at the rate' of three and one-eighth
i (SHT) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the f!x months ending December 31, 1900, fre-*
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 2. 1S01.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
• DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
Fan Francisco. 33 Post st.— For the half year
ending December 31, 1S00. a dividend has been
declared at the rate tf three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wednesday. January 2. 190L
; GEORGE A. STORY. Caahler.
HUMBOLDT Savlncs and Loan Society, 18 I
Geary st.— The directors have declared a dlvl- (
dtnd of SVi per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Becretarv.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Alfred E. H. Apthorpe, ' 37. 743 Harrison
street, and Emma C. Kiernan. 83. 743 Harrison
Urbain A. Delort. 21. 1002 Powell" street, and
Adrienne Carrnaran. IS, S15 Jackson street.
William McGulre. SS. 1004 Leavenworth
street, and Adelyn M. Halnes, 29. 226 Oak et.
Albert Korn, 39, Paso Robles. and India E.
Taylor, 31, Paso Robles.
Herbert E. Callinan. 35. 2641 Howard street,
and Ella Ooddington. 36. 2717 Howard street
Geonte H. Davis. 25. 2 Golden Gate avenue,
ard FIbyl Blanchinl. IS. 640 Geary street.
Frederick Biedenbach, 20. 140 Silver street,
and Lelia E. Smith, 16. 87 South Park
LawTer.ce J. Carey, 65, city, and Theresa R.
McFadden, 40, city.
Chris F. Christensen, 43, Dawson City, and
Florence Smith, 42, city.
Clarence R. Stern, 25, San Diego, and Ethyl
R. Wacholder. 20, 1641 CFarrell street.
Vincenro Midag-lia. 25, 413 Union street, and
Rosina Arleta. 16, 7 Pollard place.
George I. White, 23, 317 Twenty-eighth street,
and Annie Barbe. 25, city.
Rue A. Thomas. 27, Goodland. and Mae Carr,
24. city.
Chan Chung. 35, 726 Pacific street, and Leon
Hong. 18. Sll Jackson street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage ' and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be ha.nded
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
¦ Boas authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ETIQUE— In this city, December'28. 1*00, to the
' wife of Charles M. Clique, a son.
! LEVY— In this city, January 2. 1901. to the
, wije of Louis Levy, a daughter. -
MAGXER— In this city, January 3, 190L to the
wife of Eir.il Magner, a daughter.
TAYLOR- In Oakland, January 3. 1901, to the
wife of J. R. Taylor, a daughter.
"married! "
FRICKER— VOGEL— In this city, January 2,
1S01. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Fred R.
Fricker and Bertha Vogel.
DIED. ~ ~
Beaucharr.p, Carolina Leon, Ralph
Davis. Hanna. Lovett. G«orge H.
Dimmer. X. McDonough, Annie
Donovan. Eugene Mclaughlin, Mary E.
Downie. Sarah McLaughlin, Patrick
Famaries, Fanny Maloney. Michael J.
Francis. Emily S. Marlnl. Domitllla
Gllroy. Hattle M. Miller. Wilhelmina
Golly. Anita. J. Monckton. Bheldon P.
Harde. William L. O'Connell. Hanora M.
Harrington, Kather- O'Connell. Jamea
! lne E. O'MaUey. Ann
; Hynes. Mary Pace. Frederick B
Hartmann. Henry Palmer. Thomas F
Kelly. Jane nafferty, Peter
Killlnger, John A. Sarsfield, Mary
Knief, Elizabeth Simon, Gabriel
Krumbeck, Minna Simpson, Ellen
Lexr.i>erle. Chas. W. Staud. Augusta A.
BEACCHAMP— In this city, January 2, 1901
Caroline M.. beloved wife of Richard Beau-
champ, and beloved mother of Mrs. J. B.
Muirhead. Mrs. John Brown, Mr*. J. Rich-
ards, George N. and Susan Beauchamp, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 73 years 9
months and 15 days. (Victoria and Toronto
papers please copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Frtday). at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 34 Larkln street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows 1 Chapel, where services will be held.
Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
DAVIS — In this city, January 8, 1901. Hanna.
beloved wife of George Davis, and cousin cf
James. Mary and Ella Galvln. a native of
Ireland, aced W years and 2 months.
CT Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason street, be-
tween O'Fairell and Geary. Xotlce of funeral
hereafter.
DIMMER— In this city, January 1, 1901, n
Dimmer, beloved husband «of Julie Dimmer!
father of J. and B. Dimmer, and nephew of
E. Robinet. a native of Luxembourg, aged
€1 years and IS days. A member of Slgel
Grave No. 7. U. A. O. D., Hartnagle Chapter
No. 3. L\ A. O. D., and La Societe Luxem-
bourceoise
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1119 Washington street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, Post street, where services will
be held under the auspices of La Parfalte
T-'nion Lodge Xo. 17, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DONOVAN— In this city, January 3. 1901, at
Ht. Mar}- 1 ! Hospital, Eugene, beloved husband
of the late Hanora Donovan, and father of
Mrs. William O'Connell, Mrs. Maggie Nelll
end Mrs. Thomas Tannian. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
£7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at *:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Etreet, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her' eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
DOWXIE— In Oakland. January 2. 1801. at 1920
Thirteenth street, Sarah Downie, stepmother
of Mrs. C. A. Chandler, and greatgrand-
aur.t cf Mrs. S. C. Borland, a native of New
York, aged S4 years 7 months and 17 days.
FAMARISS— In this city, January 3. 1&01. at
tit. Luke's Hospital, Fanny, beloved wife of
Alfred Famarise, and mother of George, Hat-
tie and Richard Famariss and Mrs., Georgo
Wecener, a resident bf Llvermore. aged 60
years and 25 da;».
C7"Frlend« of the family are invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
is. Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate.
FRANCIS— In this city, January 3, 1901, Emily
P., beloved wife of D. G. Francis, a native
of New York City, aged 34 years 2 months and
S daye.
lC7Tri°nds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento
street. Please omit flower*.
GILROY— January 3. 1901. Hattie May Gilroy.
beloved ;R-lfe of Arthur Ollroy, mother of Car-
rie Gllroy, and sister of Mrs. Laura A. Simp-
son and Harvey E. Turtle, aged 23 years 11
months and 11 days.
GOLLY— In this city, January 3. 1901. Anita J..
dearly beloved daughter of Edward V. and
Jocephine Golly, sister of Evelyn Golly, and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. B. Grave and
Mrs. Lena Golly, a native of San Francisco,
, aged 4 months and t days.
CTFuneral and Interment private. • .
HARDE— In this city, January 2. 1901, William
L., beloved son of Metta Harde, and brother
of Bernhard Harde. Mrs. J. Howe. Mrs. N.
Bullerdleck and Mrs. J. D. Slemers, a native
of Oldenburg. Germany, aged 41 yean 9
months and 4 days.
CyService* will be held to-morrow . (Satur-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth - Kt. f opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
17 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 117. - <
IUKERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERJ.
Finest Equlpmnit_it_Mod»rtte ¦ Rmm. h -
McflVOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St., between Sth and Sth. ' I
. . .. Telephone, South 247.. . . ; . I
day), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of H. F.
Euhr & Co.; 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh end Eighth. ,
HARRINGTON— In this city. January 3. 1901,
at her residence. 243 Eleventh street, Kath-
erine E. Harrington, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Peter J. and the late Nancy Harring-
ton, and sister of Margaret and" Charles J.
Harrington,- Mrs. A. G. Beazlll and John P.,
Frank F.. Andrew J. and Robert L. Harring-
ton, a native of Llvermore, Cal., aged 24
years -2 months and 2 days.-.- ¦ •
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral at Llver-
more, from St. Michael's Church, upon arrival
of 8:30 o'clock train to-morrow (Saturday),
from San Francisco. Remains at the resi-
dence, 243 Eleventh street, until 3:30 o'clock
p. m., January 4. Interment at Livermore.
HARTHANN-In this city, January 1,' 1901. at
the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Danlsl
1'rancJc, 5 South Brodericlc street. Henry, be-
loved husband of the late Elizabeth Hart-
mann. and loving father of Mrs. W. H. Wor-
den and Mrs. Daniel Franck of San Francisco,
Mrs. Louis Dammasch of Portland. Or., Mrs.
H. C. Schacht of Seattle and Charles Hart-
mann of Sacramento, a native of Germany,-
aged 70 years 2 months and 10 days. A mem-
ber of California Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F.,
and San Francisco Turn Vereln..
ICTFriends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner Market and Seventh streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
California Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HY.VES-In this city. January 2. 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Hynes. and mother
of Mrs. Mathlas Smith; Anaatla Hynea and
the late Katie, Thomas F. and Frances
Hynes. a native of County Waterford. Ire-
land, need 4S years.
ICTTrlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Friday).*nt 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2OV4 Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, whore a requiem high mass will be
celebrated Tor the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY-In this city. January 2, 1901, Jane,
beloved sister of the late Patrick Kelly, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 67
years. — ¦ .
IE7" Relatives and friends are respectfully ln-
' vlted to attend the funeral tomorrow (Sat-
urday), at 9 o'clock, from her late residence,
413 Franklin street, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
KILLINGER— In this city, January 3, 1901, at
his residence. 232 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard, John A. Killlnger,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Killln-
ger, and beloved father of Louls.i>and Lldla
KilllnKer, a native of Wurtetnberg, Germany,
aged 71 years 6 months and S days. (
KN'IEF-In this city, January 3. 1901, Eliza-
beth Knief, beloved mother of Mrs. Marie
Ehlers and Wlechen, Henry and George E.
Knief, a native of Loeste. Hanover, Ger-
many- aged S3 years 8 months and 9 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, George E. Knief. 3100 Bu-
chanan Ftreet, corner of Filbert. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KRUMEECK- In this city. January 3, 1901,
Minna, beloved wife of C. Krnmbeck, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 61 years.
LEMTERLE— In this city. January 2. 190L
Charles William Lemperle. beloved husband
of Katherine Lemperle, and father of Mrs.
Katie Iversen and Willie Lemperle, a native
of Wuttenberg, Germany, aged 70 years and
S days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery.
LEOX— In this city, January 2, 1901. Ralph, be-
loved husband of Hulda I^eon. and father of
Mrs. I. Qellert and Samuel It. Leon, a native
of Manchester, England, aged 66 years and
8 months. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
E^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at 10 o'clock, at 2128 Bush street. Interment
Hills of ' Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
LOVETT— In this city, January 2. 190L George
Herbert, beloved son of Charles E. and Ma-
rilla .T. Lovett. and brother of Edward T.,
Leonard L. and Charles E. Lovett and Myr-
tle L. Cleaves, a native of California, aged
23 years 11 months and 26 days. (Santa Cruz
papers please copy.)
C7 Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2429 Mis-
sion, street, near Twenty-flrst. Funeral Sun-
day, January 6, 1601, at Santa Cruz.
McDONOUGH— In this city. January 2. 1901,
Annie, beloved daughter of. Annie and the
late Mathew McDonough. a native of Vir-
ginia City. Nev,, aged 25 years. (Virginia
City papers please copy.)
C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), tX 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral for services. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 8. 1901,
* Mary EX, beloved daughter of Michael and
Mary McLaugrhlin, and sister of John. Ed-
ward, Nlel and Michael McLaughlin and the
late Mrs. Rose McEleaney, a native of 6an
Francisco, aged 17 years 11 months and 23
daj-s.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 1 Boyd street, off Chesley, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McLALGHLIN'-In ! this city. January 2, 1901,
Patrick J., dearly beloved son of Hugh and
dlza McLaughlin, and brother of Hugh, John
ajid Mae McLaughlin. a native of N'ewery,
County Down, Ireland, aged 85 yeara 7 months
and S days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 850 Church street, corner Twenty-
first, thence to St. James Church, corner of
Guerrero and Twenty-third streets, where a
requiem high mass will be . celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALONET— In this city. January 2. 1901, Mich-
ael Joseph, beloved son of James and Esther
Maloney. and brother of John, Thomas, Peter
and James Maloney and Mrs. T. J. Garrity,
Mrs. Joseph Woods and Mrs. S. Malone, a
native of Rathangan, County Klldare, Ire-
land, aged 22 years and 8 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday*), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 16 De Boom street, oft Second, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARIXI— In this city. January 2. 1901. Doml-
tilla. dearly beloved wife of Nicola Marlnl,
and beloved mother of Frank. Maggie, Louisa.
Annie. Rosie. Jennie, Mamie and the late
Michael L. Marlnl, a native of Italy, aged 55
years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1709 Mason ptrect. thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church. Filbert and
Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 11 o'clock, thence from
the church at 1 o'clock to the vault In Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
MILLER— In thU city, January 8, 1901, 'Wilhel-
mina Miller, relict of the late W. F. Miller,
and mother of Fred A., Mary L. and Alice
A. Miller, a native of Germany.
E7" F"uneral and interment at Sacramento.
MONCKTON— In . this city. January 1, 1901,
Pheldon P. Monckton. brother of Frank D.
Monckton and Mrs. Lorenzo S. B. 8awyer, a
native of California.
inT Incinerate at Odd Fellows' Cemetery
January 3. 1901. •
acOXNELL— In this city, January 2, 1901 at
Our Lady's Home. 33 Illncon place, Hanora
• M. O'Connell. beloved mother of D. O'Con-
nell, Mrs. Mary McNamara and Mrs. T. J
Toole, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
ajrpd S2 years.
ICT The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
i brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city, . January 2, 1901
James O'Connell. aged 78 years. ?
|E7Th(. funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his elster. Mrs. M. Mulcrevy. Interment
pri\-ate.
O'MALLEY— In this city, January 3, 1901, Ann.
beloved wife of Charles O'MaUey, a, native of
the parish of Six' Mile Bridge, County Clare,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
. iCJTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PAG D— In this city, January 2. 1901, Frederick
Benjamin Page, beloved brother of W. M. and
J. E. Page, Mrs. C. McCarthy and Mrs. G. D.
Smith, a native of Sydney. Australia,' aged
35 years 8 months and 11 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral. this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 22« Oorland street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth and Church and i San-
chez. . ¦
PALMER-In this city, January 8. 1901, Thomas
F., beloved husband of Emma Palmer, and
father of Helena K. Palmer, a native of New
York, aged 66 years 3 months and 11 day"..
jDTuneral private. Kindly omit flowers. ;¦¦
RAFFERTY— In this city, January 8, 1901,
Peter Rafferty, a native of Paterson, N. J.,
a red 78 years. ¦ . v.
SARSFIELD—In this city, January 2. 1901.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Michael Sars-
field, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years and
9- days. ! .--" • .
ETTrlends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the, funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of < Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue
. thence to Sacred Heart Church,, corner Fell
and Flllmore streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing, at 9 o'clock, inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.- ¦ v ¦
SIMON— In this city, January 3. 1901, Gabriel
beloved husbund of Oellna Simon, and father
, of Harry L. and Delia Simon, a native of
Wresehen, Germany,' aged -60 years and 7
months.'
ETFYiends and acquaintances are ¦ respect-
„ fully • Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday),' at 2 o'clock, from his Jate 'resi-
dence. 1113 Turk . street. Interment Salem
¦ * ,•¦-...'-
;¦•¦.-. -¦ -¦ .„¦,-.-... \ , , . . ¦. ..i. ~. ..........
Cemeterj*. j via V Xhlrd . and v .Townaend streets
dej>ot. . " " ¦ " ' ¦- ¦•.'¦'
SIMPSON— In Alameda. January, 8. 190L Ellen,
beloved wife of -William Simpson, and mother
of Obert:F...M. W.. Theodore .H.. Edna and
Howard Simpson, a native of Belfast. .'Ire-
land, aced 6S years. - ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ; ¦ . . . '> *
(CT Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow.
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence,
1417 Benton street, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery- ,-'¦>,•
STAUD— In this city, January 3. 1901, Augusta
A. Staud, beloved mother of Fred. Frank and
J. N. Staud, Mrs. G. P. Thellerand Mrs.
W. T. Arundell. and Bister of Frederick
Traut, a native ot ¦ Germany, aged G2 years
and 3 dayn.
•Eyjs'otice of funeral hereafter.
On thp Snntfl Fp i-i
Vfll LUC «J7ctllLd FC <
i you can travel with speed as well as ;',\
;| " comfort from San Francisco to Chi- : :
i; cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn- :ji
7 iti nr fi t f\ s^ 1^ is^^^c* ' -¦=- /* 4 < I
California
Limited I
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Fan Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:06 p 7:25 p
'* Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 1:33 p 3:0G a
" Hanford. 4:23 p 8:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" BkBfleld . 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:S0 a
' •• Kan. City S:41 a 7:Nt
'* Chicago J:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Ealace Sleeptncr Can and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersftelfl for accommodation ot local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:06 a. tn. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at B:5S p. m. dally.
7:30 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopplnc
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding: train arrives at 8:40 a. rn. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. Ban Francisco: 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
MEXICAN
INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
EAGLE PASS ROUTE.
THE SHORTEST STANDARD GAUGE
LINE AND FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL CITIES IN THE UNITED
STATES AND MEXICO. - '.
NO CHANGE OF CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. THROUGH PULLMAN BUFFET
SLEEPING CARS DAILY BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITY OF MEXICO.
MONTEREY AND DURANGO. DIRECT
LINE TO MONTEREY, DURANGO. ZACA-
TECAS, AQUAS CALJENTES. SAN LUIS
POTOSI, GUADALAJARA AND CITY OP
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT THE
FRONTIER BY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OB" BAGGAGE, EXCHANGE
OF MONEY. ETC.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANY AGENT OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIO COMPANY. OR
C. K. DUNLAP,
General Freight and Passenger Agent. ,
C. PORF1R1O DIAZ, Coah, Mex.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. «9:15. 11:00 a. m.. »1:45,
8:15. 4:00. 6:15. *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. »10:00. »UJ0 a. m., "1:13.
3:16, *4:45. 6:10. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:20, •«:*). 7:45, 8:30 a. m.,
•12:30,1:45. *3:J0. 4:80. 8:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 1:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20, •1:00. 'U^OO. «U:45 a. nv.
•1:40, ¦•J:15. 4:43. »»:«0 p. m.-
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 8:45. 7:65, 9:80 a. m
XJ:83, 3:10. 3:30. 4:64, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:06 a. m.. ,13:08, tai, ¦•»,-
6:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRATN&
<:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations. •
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales aad * war
stations. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
BTJNDAYa.......l;00. .UMK UM and MB &£
iVlS**" S * a Francisco t» SttaaaUt and Return.
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket officei. «21 Marktt it, Bautallto Ferry,Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic • Survey-
Times and Heights of, High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance- to San
. Francisco :¦ Bay. Published by . official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
f* NOTE— The high and.low.watera occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five' minutes later than I at 'Fort . Point; the
height i of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 4.
I NOTE— In the ab.ove exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ia the left
hand column and the successive tl&^s of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, -. except .when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs.- The heights riven
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast < Survey charts. - except •• when a
minus sign (—) precedes the height., and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
jrlyen by the charts. The plane . of reference
is^he mean of the lower low waters.
A new residence, situated at 2151 Folsom
street, was blown ? down last \ evening: by
the force of:, the' storm. The house was
a' ' two-story J frame and ¦ had • recently
been completed by Contractor William. F.
Helbing for William - Foley, . a saloon
keeper at Seventeenth and Folsom streets.
Tho force * of the wind razed . the house
to - the '¦ foundation -1 and piled • up Into a
mass of i debris i the entire , : material . used
In construction. The loss will amount to
about $3000,*. which' will fall on : Contractor
Helbing, as , no ; Insurance ! covered '•¦ tho
bulldinfr v^?^wiJ^^l^jsy^iiB^ffs^3'^^s^^ss^Jigj^aa&[ij<
HOUSE PILED
INTO DEBRIS
HONOLULU — Sailed ' Deo ". 23— Ship James
Nesmith, for Port Townsend. .¦ \
SEATTLE^Arrived ', Jan . 1— Stmr Martha W
Tuft, from Orca. ' . . ¦ ¦ '
Sailed Jan 1— Stmr Senator, ; for \ Skaguay;
Btmr Roanoke, for San Francisco.' s
• Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr : Victoria, . from ! Hong
kone. ¦ ¦'-¦ ¦'--¦•¦-,.¦ - ¦•• - ¦ ¦ • . , - • .-'¦.,
NBAH BAY— Passed in Jan 3— Nor stmr Tel
lus, hence Dec 31,. for Chemalnus.
Passed ; out '• Jan 3— Stmr < Washtenaw, , from
Tacoma, for San Francisco.
«? In i bay < Jan 3— Stmr Rival, from • Port Had
lock, for San Francisco: schr Comet, , from Port
Blakeley, for San" Pedro. . : ... ¦ -
•- PORT. LO3 ANGELES-^Arrtved Jan 3— Stmr
Greenwood, hence Dec 30.' ;. .
¦ ¦ - • ' .
LONDON. Jan 3— Br shiD Manydown, - from
San I Francisco Aug : 8, • arrived . at Queenstown
with sundry losses and damages sustained - In
heavy weather. Shipped a quantity of water,
¦which got into forepeak. Vessel haa seven feet
of water in lower peak. \ ¦¦ ,. ¦
ASTORIA, Jan 3— U S stmr Perry will leave
here to-day for cruise In seach of Br ship An
drada. , . *
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
POINT LOBOS, " Jan '3,-10 P m— Weather
oloudy; wind SE. velocity 32 miles.
1 MISCELLANEOUS.
' Thursday, January I.
- Stmr Gipsy, hence Jan 2, for Santa Cruz, on
account of very strong 1 SB wind, i , ¦
. . : TELEGRAPHIC.
• • . Thursday, January . 8. .
Stmr Corona, Glelow, ,¦ San Pedro: Goodall
Perkins & Co. > .
•< Stmr -Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall,' Per
kins & Co. • ••¦* ,-. ¦ .....
.¦ Stmr . Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; BT Kruse.
' Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Sydney, via 'Hono
lulu; JD Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn S N Castle,' Nllson, Honolulu; : J ' D
Bpreckels & Bros Co. ¦
RETURNED. -- \>
Btmr Luella, Madsen, — %'- < v
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Btmr Excelsior. Humphreys, Seattle.
Nor stmr Titania, Eeenes,- Nanalmo.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanalmo.
. . . . CLEARED. -
' ." ' ¦ : ' -¦"¦ .-' • ¦ Thursday,' January X.
Btmr Columbia, Doran, "Astoria.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs,- Eureka.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, . •
' "•/.:¦:. '.TTiursday, ' January. 3.
< Btmr Coronado, Johnson, -25 hoars from- San
Pedro..' - ,' ¦ - •• ..- ' « j .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 37 hours from
San DieEo, etc :
. , , .- "- \ bailed: , .--¦¦' \
The schooner Eliza Miller cleared Tuesday
for La Par, with the following cargo valued at
$11,841: 320 cs dynamite, 1360 cs 5 kegs powder,
C cs capH, 30 cs fuse, 335 bales hay, 182 gala
30 cs wine, 15,467 feet lumber.
' «¦
Notice to Mariners.
SHELTER COVE, CALIFORNIA.^
Notice has been received that Point 'Delgada
bell buoy, painted black and marked "Del
gada" in white, used aa a guide for entering
Shelter Cove, California, has been dragged
about three-quarters of a mile to the north
ward of its proper position, and is now Just
outside the breakers. This bell buoy will be
replaced as soon as practicable..
¦This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1900,". page 28.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. ;
i U. SEBREE,
Commander, U.-S. N., Inspector Twelfth Llght
> house District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The storm did considerable damage to
the wires of the railroad companies.
Trouble began to be experienced at about
4 o'clock yesterday afternpon, and there
were a number of stations which could
not be reached at all by telegraph the
balance of the afternoon.
Threatening weather was reported on all
the divisions early in the day. The ther
mometer in this city at 7 o'clock yester
day morning was 68, with the wind blow
ing in a southwesterly direction. At Sac
ramento at the same time the thermom
eter was 4H and the wind was in the south
east. It rained all day at Chlco. and at
Red Bluff 1.91 Inches fell during the day.
Many lines were reported snowed under.
The Oregon express, due at 8:45 a. m., and
No. 11, due at 7:45 last evening, were re
ported snowbound.
RAILROAD LINES
SUFFER DAMAGE
The Mission district afforded a good
opening for the effect of the wind while
it lasted. Telephone and electric wires
were twisted about each other to such a
degree that almost all of the telephone
lines were put out of business. During
the period in which these unpleasant com
binations were being made several slight
shocks were felt by persons who were at
the phones ready for business. The con
tact of electric lines crossing those of the
telephone silenced the phones completely
and In a good many instances deprived
stores and residences of their electric
light.
Advertising fences, as usual, went by
the wholesale from the ground upward,
only to land In a confused heap either on
the 6idewalks or into vacant lots. Zinc
and tin chimney tops were sent wind
ward In requiem to their last resting
places, sending cold shivers down the
backs of pedestrians who happened to be
In close proximity to their flight and land
ing places. .
Fortunately there were no personal In
juries reported at any of the hospitals
through the acts of the storm.
"HELLO" GIRLS
ARE SILENT
The steam schooner Mandalay had a
narrow escape at Hathaways wharf yes
terday. Owing to a strike .among the
men Wednesday she was not fully dis
charged and was lying alongside await
ing a chance to get away. A heavy swell
soon began to roll in and the captain or
dered steam up. In the . meantime the
waves forced the floor plankings out of
one of the warehouses and • the Manda
lay began to chafe.- Finally she was got
away only to collide with the Steuart
street wharf. The Impact made • the
structure tremble. Later. Chief Engineer
Holmes and Assistant Chief Ryan visited
the wharf and ' ordered every one off It.
The gates were then . closed and a notice
reading, "No admittance, . wharf I danger
ous," was posted on each gate.
• The*Mandalay finally sought shelter in
Oakland Creek. ,
. Should the gale continue all - the city's
Improvements on the front will go. ¦ At
noon yesterday twenty feet of the filling
in, done at the foot of Main street, had
.been-washed away and breaks were be
ginning in other places.
s The schooner S. T. Alexander and the
MANDALAY HAS
NARROW ESCAPE
The schooner j Occidental left Eureka
nineteen days ago and during all of that
time the- crew has never been away from
the pumps. She is now at San Pedro, but
the men have to keep pumping night and
day for fear she should sink at her moor
ings. In his report Captain RoBich says
that twice the schooner, nearly foundered,
owing to the break-down of tha pumps.
Soon after, leaving ¦ Eureka the gala
came down on them and the Occidental
was at once In 'trouble. She began- to
leak, and then one of the pumps broke
down. An attempt was made to return
to Eureka, but It failed, so the schooner
had to run before It. On the fourth day
out the Occidental had four feet of: water
in her hold. From that on. things went
from bad to worse until San Pedro, was
reached. Captain Rosich . says S he ] will
have to beach the schooner in order to
find the leak before he can. get back to
San Francisco.
SCHOONER IS
NEARLY LOST
Captain Freeman took the big whale
back Titania to sea and is still aboard
her. She went out Wednesday afternoon
and hove to for a oilot-boat to come
alongside when off the lightship. No
small boat could live in the sea that was
running, so the Titania was put on her
course and Captain Freeman Is now well
on his way to Puget Sound. He will
come home overland and will probably
be on duty again next Monday.
The collier Czarina was to have sailed
for Seattle yesterday, but a breaking bar
and falling barometer caused Captain Sea
man to postpone his departure until to
day.
The mail steamer Alameda got away for
the colonies last night after the storm
had partially abated.
PILOT FRFEMAN
CARRIED TO SEA
The gale seems to be raging not only on
the. southern coast but all along the line
as far as Flattery.' The Gipsy reports a
gale blowing at Santa Cruz and the
schooner J. Eppinger went ashore at Fort
Ross and became a total loss.
The .Eppinger left here December 30, and
having a fair wind made a good run.
There Is no harbor at Fort Roes so the
vessels have to make fast to moorings and
the lumber and bark is sent out to them
in chutes. Wednesday afternoon the gale
came up, but it was an utter impossi
bility for the captain of the Eppinger to
beat out to sea. When the wind began
to whistle all the inhabitants of Fort Ros3
gathered on the beach and watched the
gallant little ex-sealer battle with tha
elements.- Soon the seas were breaking
all over the Eppinger, and when a rocket
from the shore carried a line aboard tho
captain and crew decided to abandon tha
vessel. A hawser was made fast to the
mainmast and then the other end was
sent ashore. When it had been made fast
the men left the vessel one after another.
Captain Jensen being the last to take to
the rope. At 8 p. m. tho Eppinger parted
her mooring lines one after the other ana
half an hour later she was a total wreck.
There ia a email wharf at Fort Ross,
but the lumber vessels never use It.
Neither will any other small craft from
this on until it is rebuilt. The wreckage
from the Eppinger completely demolished
it. The storm still continues up the coast
and the waves are rolling In mountain;*
high at Fort Ross. Old-timers report by
telephone that it is the worst storm ever
knpwn In that locality.
GOES ASHORE
AT FORT ROSS
&-™-oHERE was a scurry for cover yes-
I terday along the water fronU
I Shipmasters joined their vessels
11 in a hurry and many a perilous
voyage had the boatman to make
in order to get the captains aboard. All
steamers and wind-jammers along the
southerly part* of the front got out extra
mooring lines and some of them procured
bales of hay to act as fenders.
Wednesday it blew even harder than it
did yesterday, but then the barometer
stood at S0.14 while yesterday it was down
to 29.W and still falling. Again there
came a dispatch from i'ort Harford say
ing a terrific southeaster was raging
there and traveling northward. This all
tended to make the snlpmasters careful
and every one of them took extra precau
tions to protect their ships.
At 6 p. m. the barometer was 29.83 ana
still falling.
The steamship Alameda sailed yesterday for
Sydney and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $100,617, manifested as follows: For
Australia, $60,434; for New Zealand, $37,513; for
Samoa, $2684. Tho following were the prin
cipal shipments:
For Australia — 6 csks bottled beer, 7 era
bicycles and sundries, 44.SOO lbs bluestone, 47
bales broomcoro, 363 cs canned goods, 11,350
lbs codfish, 81,190 lbs dried fruit, 47 cs drygoods,
26 cs electrical goods, 5 bbls fuse, 53 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 7 cs glassware, 17 cs
hardware, 5935 lbs hops, 4000 feet lumber, 1350
lbs mlllstufTs, 1000 doors, 53 pkgB machinery,
254 rolls newspaper, 300 cs 60 bbls oil, 26 cs
oil clothing, 7 cs phonograph goods, 43 cs paint.
5 cs photo goods. 13 pkgs printing Ink, 109 cs
paper, 2269 cs salmon, 6 era wagon material,
99 cs whisky.
For New Zealand — 8 cs bicycles and sundries,
24 cslts bottled beer, 10 bales broomcom, 670
pkgs car material, 1737 cs canned goods, 3250
It>s codfish, 35,990 It>» dried fruit, 10 cs drygoods,
31- pkgs groceries and provisions, 1S24 lbs hops,
15 kegs litharge, 1S0O ibs lard, 5 pkgs machin
ery, 163 cs metal polish, 4 pkgs printing ink,
6 bbls oil, 8 cs photo goods, 409 bxs raisins,
6&> Ibs seed, 10 cs shoes, 701 cs 20 kits salmon,
4 cs wine.
For Samoa— 25 bxs apples, 30 cs 4200 lbs bread,
17 cs canned goods, 2G pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 8 cs hardware, 15 bbls flour, 735 feet
lumber, 175 lt>s nuts, t> crs onions, 20 crs po
tatoes, 10 bxs raisins, 60 cs 5 half-bbls sal
moo, 5000 Us sugar, 5 cs whisky.
Shipping' Merchants.
The Columbia loads coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu; the George Curtis, merchandise for
Honolulu; the Vendee, wheat for, Europe,
393 3d.
The Alameda's Cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Tho wrecking scow that has been at
work on the May Flint had to abandon
her Job and seek shelter under the lee of
one of the wharves.
The barks Gatherer and Challenger,
anchored in the stream, early In the
afternoon hoisted signals for tugs. Two
boats went to them and towed them to a
place of safety, i
The captain of the Ohio, the ex-trans
port, sent up town and purchased five
extra mooring lines. He now says that
If the wharf holds his ship is safe.
The T. C. Walker was in collision with
the Goat Island tug Vigilant. The latter
was tied up at the foot of Washington
street wharf and the Walker was making
her berth. The wind and tide carried her
down on the Vigilant. The tug was not
badly damaged, but the Walker suffered
considerably on the starboard side.
steam schooner Grace Dollar were to have
ccme off the drydock last Wednesday.
The company will not allow the dock to
be lowered, however, a8 the swell Is so
grreat that a general wreck might fol
low. The owners of the two vessels are
furious, as they want to use their vessels
at once.
The collier Willamette was to have
docked at Beale street yesterday, but the
British ship Austrasla held the fort. The
captain of the latter vessel would gladly
have gone into the stream, but the tug
boats would not take him until the gale
is over. ' • '
Sailed Jan S — Stmr "Whltesboro. for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 3— Stmrs Sijmal and
Geo W Elder, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 2— Br ship Province, from Aca
pulco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Lakme. for
San Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled Jan 2— Br bark Adderly, for
Sydney.
EASTERN PORT.
NETW YORK— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Alltanca,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 3-^Jap stmr Nip
pon Mara, hence Dec 6. Jan 2— Schr Com-
merce, from Port Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 1— Jap stmr Hong
kong? Slaru, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr San Jose,
hence Dec 2S.
COLON— Arrived Jan 1— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
DOVER— Passed Dec 18— Ger stmr Penleur,
from London, for San Francisco.
CALLAO-Salled Dec 10— Br bark Stillw&ter,
for Pu^et Sound.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Deo 17— Oer 8tmr
Herodot, for Hamburc
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr La. Gas
cogne, for Havre; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Gross*, for Bremen, via Cherbourg and South
ampton; stror Oldenburg, for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia, %
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Mont
fort, from. St John, N B, and Halifax, for
Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Lake Superior, for Hall
fax and St John. N B; stmr Germanic, for
New York; both from Liverpool.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Frederlca^
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Pennland,
for Philadelphia.
Steamer Movements.
SCHOONER J. EPPINGER GOING TO PIECES IN THE BREAKERS AT FORT ROSS. SHE WAS LOADING FOR
SAN FRANCISCO, BUT A TERRIFIC GALE CAME UP AND SHE PARTED HER MOORING LINES AND WENT
ASHORE. ALL, HANDS WERE SAVED.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Rain In torrents be
gan to fall at 3 o'clock this afternoon,
with little abatement of the ' high winds
which ; have ; raged for fa«ty-eight hours
hereabouts. ¦¦ There was a perceptible ris
ing of the temperature with the coming
of the downpour. Fruit men are well con
tent with the prospects. .The cold of the
preceding days has checked early budding
STORM BREAKS
UPON OAKLAND
YREKA, Jan. 3.— Harry Smith, one of
the most favorably known young men in
this, place, perished from exhaustion and
exposure In the Humbug Mountains last
night within sight of his . home. He and
his father work at the Spangler mine,
twelve miles distant, and when the storm
eet in he started for home to look after
the property. His mother was alone, his
only brother having left a few days since
for San Francisco on *ils bridal trip.
Young Smith was a strong and powerfully
built man, but the snow piling up deeper
and deeper exhausted his vitality during
the many hours he struggled In his efforts
to reach his mother and home. The Red
Men's lodge, of which he was a member,
sent out four men on > horseback to at
tempt to recover the body and bring it
Into town.
PERISHES IN
SIGHT OF HOME
YREKA, Jan. 3.— The snowstorm of the
last forty-eight hours has passed all pre
vious records, seventy-two Inches having
fallen since Tuesday evening and It ia
still snowing furiously. Buildings are fall
ing in under the tremendous weight and
every person in town that is able to
handle a shovel. Including many profes
sional men and merchants, is working
night and day cleaning -snow from house
tops, and the demand for shovelers has
been so great that $2 aa hour Is being
paid.
North and south bound trains, engines
and snowplows are snowed In at different
places in the county on the line of the
railroad.
The Fort Jones and Etna stage has been
since yesterday morning trying to come a
distance of eighteen miles and it Is feared
that It is helpless In the Scott Valley
Mountains. - To-morrow the stage com
pany intends driving twenty-five head of
horses across the ' mountain in the at
tempt to open the road.
Two engines hauling a single car left
here for Montague yesterday and have
been unable to return. <
Two hundred and twenty-five excursion
ists from this county and as many more
from Southern Oregon and other points
are in San Francisco unable to return on
account of the blockade.
TONS OF SNOW
BLOCK ROADS
ASHLAICD, Or., Jan. 3.— The unprece
dented snowstorm which began January 1
has been raging all day throughout the
Slsklyou Mountains, Northern California
and the canyon of the Sacramento with
unabated fury. At Ashland and the lower
levels It has been raining, with snow at
intervals. The railroad situation on the
Southern Pacific Is not as hopeful as It
appeared last night, and a blockade exists
at Castella, seven miles below Dunsmulr,
on the Sacramento division. Two local
passenger trains. No. 12 and the Oregon
express. No. 16, are south of that point,
unable to get through. South-bound pas
senger trains Nos. 15 and 11, which left
Ashland yesterday, have run as far as
Dunsmulr, where they are held. No. 15,
which left Ashland at noon hauled by
eight engines, had only proceeded as far
as Slskiyou, seventeen miles, up to 10
o'clock to-night. No. 11, due here at mid
night, will be held at Ashland. Manager
Koehler, Superintendent Fields and Resi
dent Engineer Grohndall of the Southern
Pacific are at Dunsmulr.
No freight trains are sent south of Ash
land. At 10 o'clock to-night the snow lies
all over Northern California and the Sls
klyous from one to two feet deeper than
the previous record breaking year of 1889
90. There Is eleven feet of snow on the
level at the railway crossing of the Siskl
yous, six feet at Yreka, six feet at Sisson
and nine feet at Dunsmuir. The wind la
blowing hard and the snow drifting badly
on the south side of the Slskiyous, while
it is wet and heavy on the north side.
TRAFFIC TIED
UP IN OREGON
RENO, Jan. S. — Reno was visited last
night and to-day by one of the most se
vere windstorms ever experienced In this
vicinity. The wind attained a velocity of
something over sixty miles per hour and
the destruction of property will reach
into the thousands. Parry's livery stable,
one of the largest brick buildings in the
town was badly wrecked. Four persons
barely escaped with their lives, two of
them being quite badly hurt by falling
brick and timbers. The Central Pacific
roundhouse was almost totally wrecked.
Dozens of large chimneys and smoke
stacks were toppled over. Telephone
wires and poles in all parts of the city
are down and business is virtually at a
standstill awaiting the cessation of the
storm. Fire alarms are of frequent oc
currence, but fortunately none of the
fires have as yet gained any headway.
Considerable damage was done to the
building of the State University. Plate
glass was smashed in some of the large
residences throughout the city. The storm
Is general throughout this section and as
far east as Western Utah.
A report htts just reached here that the
Nevada. California and Oregon narrow
gauge passenger train, due here this even
ing at o p. in., has been blown from, the
track, fifty miles north of Reno, and sev
eral passengers hurt, one of whom.
Miss Dodge of Susanville. Is badly in
jured and will probably die. A wrecking
force has gone to the scene of the disas
ter.
The Virginia and Truckee passenger
train, bound'for Reno from Virginia City,
had a narrow escape from being wrecked
about twenty miles south of here. The
train, while going at full speed, was sud
denly brought to a full stop by the force
of the wind as the train was rounding a
curve and one of the trucks on the., bag
gage car left the rails Just as the train
came to a halt.
Rain is pouring down and no prospect
of cessation.
TRAIN IS BLOWN
FROM THE TRACK
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 3.— A terrific
' windstorm Is raging here to
night. Tin roofs have been car
ried away, fences and signs blown
down and much minor damage
done.
It Is reported that the steamer San Ra
fael, while docking at Sausallto. was car
ried broadside on against the piles. The
passengers at once became panic-stricken
and the efforts of cooler heads to pacify
them were futile. Screaming women and
children climbed over the side of the ves
sel and sprang to the wharf. Wires are
all down and full details of the accident
are lacking.
Two chimneys on the "Wllkins building
In this city were blown down and crashed
through the roof, wrecking the upper floor
of the building.
A rumor Is current here that a large
gum tree fell across a broad gauge freight
train, wrecking it. Owing to interrupted
telegraphic and telephonic communica
tion It Is impossible to verify the story.
A number of yachts and arks are an
chored in the bay.' All have suffered se
verely, and It Is feared that some will go
down. The full extent of the damage
cannot be estimated.
"The wind is southeast and Is blowing
about forty miles an hour. The storm
is quite general over the coast, and will
prcbably move slightly southward. South
ern California will probably get a little
rain. At 6 o'clock this morning It was
raining at Fresno. There has been a very
heavy rainfall In the upper part of the
Sacramento Valley.
'"At Red Bluff during the last twenty
four hours there has been a rainfall of
2.44 of an inch. The river at that town is
rapidly rising. At 5 o'clock to-night the
16-foot mark had been reached. The dan
ger line is twenty-five feet. That the
river is rising rapidly is apparent from
the fact that it has risen 12 feet in the
last twenty-four hours. There is a good
deal of wind with the storm in the moun
tains. At Carson and Wlnnemucca it is
blowing f2 miles an hour.
"San Francisco will have more rain to
morrow. The wind has been blowing over
the Mills building at the rate of 3S miles
cji hour. I expect it will decrease ic velo
city before morning."
"Weather Observer Alexander G. McAdle,
in discussing the condition of the weather
last night, made the following official
the derrick, loose planks, live wires and
everything movable was hurled across the
track or down into the basement of the
building. Linemen were summoned and a
force of men was sent out by the Market
Street Railway Company to clear the
track. Until the wires were cut they could
do little, as the tangled mass of wires ly
ing acros the track, moved by the wind,
emitted warning flashes and • made quite
an electrical display. On top of this,
while a crowd was gazing at the debris
covered street, the bi" advertising fence
adjoining the building at 14 McAllister
street blew down, narrowly missing one
of the cars on the south track. This
fence, which is a menace to people walk
ing along McAllister street. wa9 originally
twenty-five feet high, but as it haa blown
down at almost every gale of wind prop
erty owners in the vicinity have objected
to it remaining at that height. They will
probably take means to prevent its being
rebuilt.
An old fence in the rear of 351 McAl
lister street and fronting on Ash avenue,
the property of Joseph Wores, early went
down on the street, blocking traffic. The
supports were pulled completely out of
the ground.
ENTIRE STATE
STORM SWEPT
of fruit. With ample rain the trees will
be In excellent condition for the spring
blossoming, which now will not come un
til there has been moisture to supply the
trees and vines. During the gale this
morning the anemometer on the High
School building. was wrecked.
The bay wa3 foamy and so rough that
the creek boat Newark was withdrawn
from regular service. The steamer had a
very hard trip to San Francisco at 8
o'clock this morning.
The freight boat Mount Eden started
from Oakland about the same hour, but
was turned back because of rough water.
TWO VESSELS
IN COLLISION
Shortly after 8 o'clock and while th»
wind was blowing its hardest the Ameri
can bark Theobald and the British bark
Invermark crashed together In the stream
below Harrison-street wharf. Distress
signals were fired from one of the vessels
and a few moments later the tug's Re
lief, Monarch and Reliance were engaged
In separating the ships. In lesa than aa
hourboth had been towed to a safe an
chorage and extra mud hooks wer© put
out to insure aralnst drifting about in
me storm.
The Invermark lost her Jlbbooci and
?^ Tt rJ^ her bowsprit In the collision, and
tne Theobald suffered to the extent Of a
sprung mainmast. The Theobald Is a
wooden vessel and has a full load of lum
ber. The Invermark Is of Iron and Is
loaded with wheat for Europe.
The extent of the Theobald's damage
cannot be estimated until her carro haa
been unloaded. When the tugs left her
she had a bad list to starboard and there
is a chance that she might be badly dam
aged below the water line.
FERRY BOATS
ARE STOPPED
Passengers on the 8:30 o'clock narrow
gauge boat to Oakland last nl*ht were
given a ride across the bay and then,
brought back to this old© to await the
pleasure of the gale. When the steamer
reached Alameda mole th© wind was
shifting in all directions and making such,
a choppy sea at the slip that tha captain
put about and headed for San Francisco,
deeming It unsafe to attempt a landing
at the other side. The passengers were
transferred to the broad-gauge boat.
The Stockton River boats were detained
for some little time waiting for the rale
to moderate. Most of the passengers
were more than anxious to avoid crossing
the upper bay during the blow °M tha
detention caused few protests.
BATTLESHIP
GOES ADRIFT
Reports were current last ni»ht that
the big: battleship "Wisconsin drifted from
her moorings at the Union Iron Works
and was Been off Hunters Point In dan
ger of being driven ashore. Captain
Sllovich of the tug Relief say* he taw
the big fighting machine oft Hunters
Point Jbut apparently In no serious dan
ger, when the storm waned the diffi
culty of holding the ship steady was
not great, and she had doobtlesa found
secure anchorage.
For the second time since Its construo
tion was begun the building of th« Cal
laghan Estate Company at th» Junction
of Market and McAllister streets has
been damaged by storm. During a. pre
vious high wind some of the stores wer©
blown from the walls. Last nlgnt about
& o'clock a gust of wind more severe than
others caused the derrick on the uncom
pleted fourth story of the building to vio
lently sway. The guy ropes were attached
to a number of poles in the vicinity, one
cf which was at the Jones and McAllister
streets end of the building. This, bearing
a large number of live wires, was broken
End hurled across the street. Two women
¦were passing at the moment and Frank
Ralph, night watchman of the Hibernia
Bank, was standing in front of the main
entrance of the bank.
"Just as the women passed," said Ralph,
"an iron bolt in the crosspole that fell
across the Etreet struck the mackintosh of
ore of them. There was a flash of light
and a blaze, and then I grabbed the gar
ment off her. The other woman, who was
a few feet ahead of her, was carrying an
umbrella. The wire struck some portion
of the framework and bright flashes were
visible. She screamed dropped her um
brella and ran before I had a chance to
go to her assistance."
Following the fall of the first pole other
ropes parted, and pieces of the rigging of
A heavy cornice wn.s blown from the top
of a four-story buiidlng on the north
west corner of Kearny and Sacramento
streets and crashed down upon the pave
ment. The falling debris narrowly. missed
killing several pedestrians. As the tim
bers descended they caused a number of
electnc lignt and telegraph wires to snap
and the police were obliged to warn pe
destrians ot the presence of live wires
for several hours following. The electric
Ught company was i;otifle3. but failed to
eer.d a lineman to repair the damage.
At Powell and Sacramento streets two
large trees were blown over and lay
across the street. The cars were blocked
Ja consequence for several houre. A.
lerge sign fell at Post and Powell streets
and fences at Sacramento and Jones
street* were blown down and the wreck
age interrupted traftlc In the street
While Captaan Comstock of the under
writers" Fire Patroi was returning from
an alarm for a small blaze at Butter and
Jones streets his buggy was capsized by
the force of the wind and he was thrown
into the street. The fireman was not in
jured and the buggy was not damaged to
any great extent.
A rumor was circulated, which caused
some commotion, that the wind had badly
wrecked the Cliff House. It was found,
however, that only a few windows haa
been broken in the west side of the struc
ture. Near the life-saving station a num
ber of fences went to the ground.
Six large wine casks that stood on a
sidewalk near Montgomery avenue and
1'allejo etrett rolled into the street and
traveled some distance before they were
stopped. One of them crashed through a
large plate-glass window In a drugstore
near Pacific street.
?
WIRES SET HER
GOSSAMER AFIRE
p-yj-CHE Storm King took possession of
I San Francisco yesterday and from
{] early morn till midnight the ele-
UL raents held undisputed sway, re
sulting In much Inconvenience to
the citizens and a limited amount of dam
ape within the city's limits and on the
During the morning the wind blew in
Etrong blasts from the southeast, scatter
ing dust IS the eyes of pedestrians and
causing signs and awnings to break loose.
At 2 o"elock In the afternoon the clouds
opened and discharged their contents In
copious volume. As darkness set In the
f torn increased hourly, until between 8
and 10 p. m. it had assumed the force
cf a email tornado. Fortunately no loss
of life Teas caused. On the water front
the men who go down to the eea took
even- precaution early in the day and
but 'slight damage resulted to the shlp
£nVf£m the storm. In all parts of the
city damage was reported last night- At
the Cliff House some windows were
broken and the heavy seas swept over the
drivewav. As In the previous storm
many of the unsightly and dangerous ad-
Ytrusirg fences were leveled to the
pround. menacing the lives of pedestrians
Toward midnight the of
Seterted. piret'is were left in cnarge 01
thTSty s guardians of life and property.
FALLEN TREES
OBSTRUCT CARS
Sail Francisco for the second time this winter yesterday felt the full fury of the Storm King. Early in the morning the wind blew with steady force, increasing in volume each hour. In the afternoon the rain descended
in volumes and during the evening the city and bay were swept by a miniature tornado. Considerable damage was done to property, but fortunately no loss of life was" reported. On the bay and ocean the water was churned into
high waves. Early precautions by shipping men prevented serious injury to vessels. During the evening fences, signs, trees and electric light wires and poles were leveled to the ground. A house in the Mission collapsed, and by
the fall of a derrick from the building in course of erection at McAllister and Market streets the cable cars on the former street were blocked for many hours. At midnight the Storm decreased.
CITY, BAY AND COAST ARE SWEPT BY A FIERCE STORM
THAT CAUSES DAMAGE TO SHIPPING AND OTHER PROPERTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1901;
12
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Del Norte Crescent City Jan. 4
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 4
Eureka Humboldt « Jan. 4
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 5
South Portland Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 5
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Jan. 6
O. W. Elder Portland Jan. S
Roanoke Seattle Jan. 6
Nome City Seattle Jan. 6
Bonlta Newport Jan. 8
San Joso Nanaimo Jan. 6
Queen « San Diego Jan. 6
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 8
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 6
Newport Panama & Way Ports Jan. 7
Mattewan Tacoma Jan. 7
State of Cal — Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Gaelic China and Japan Jan. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 8
Arcata... Coos Bay Jan. 9
Corona Newport Jan. 9
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 9
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan. 10
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 10
Columbia.. Portland Jan. 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 10
Rainier Seattle Jan. 10
North Fork..... Humboldt Jan. 10
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Arcata . Coos Bay Jan. 4, 12 m Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt ... Jan. 4, 9 am Pier 2
Argo Ooqullle Riv.. Jan. 4, 3 pm Pier —
Corona Newport Jan. 4, 9 am Pier 11
Albion.. Honolulu .... Jan. 6, 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Polnt^Arena.. Jan. 6, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 13
Santa nosa. San Diego — Jan. 6. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla — Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 9
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 6. 1 pm Pier 7
Rival Wlllapa Har. Jan. 7, 6 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Pt3. Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Mexico Mexican. Pts. Jan. 7, 12 m S W 4
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt ...Jan. 8, 2 pm Pier 8
G. Elder Portland Jan. 8, 11am Pier 24
Roanoke.... Pan. & Way. Jan. 8, 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta Newport Jan. '8, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. 8, 1 pm PMBS
Peru. • Pan. & Way. Jan. 9. 12 m PMSS
Queen....... Ban Diego.... Jan. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Nome City.. Seattle — ... Jan. 9. Pier —
Fulton...... Grays Harbor Jan. 9, ...... Pier —
Alliance..... Ptld & C. B Jan. 10, ...... Pier —
Eun . risea. .
un sets .
Moon rises
"(full
i) ¦;.'."
VoVoo'i
.7:25
,.8:04
>. m.
. ? '
4 ...
(Time]
ITimel
ITimel
ITimel
6 ...
S ...
7 ...
» "!
10 ...
L W
4:04
H W
0:24
1:05
1:46
2:28
8:04
8:40
ffi
1 8.0
6.0
• 5.1
6.2
6.2
6.2
6.3
H W
10:21
LW
4:54
5:46
6:37
7:80
8:30
9:34
;Ft.
6.5
, 2.9
2.9
2.6
2.6
2.5
2.3
L W
6:17
H W
11:03
11:45
12:40
l:Sl
.2:25
8:25
F H
—1.1
6.3
' 6.0
5.6
6.2
4.6
4.3
H W
L W
.6:00
6:40
,7:20
7:63
8:30
3:10
Ft.
"
.....
-1.0
—0.7
—0.3
0.2
0.7
1.3
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Arcata . Coos Bay Jan. 4, 12 m Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt ... Jan. 4, 9 am Pier 2
Argo Ooqullle Riv.. Jan. 4, 3 pm Pier —
Corona Newport Jan. 4, 9 am Pier 11
Albion.. Honolulu .... Jan. 6, 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Polnt^Arena.. Jan. 6, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 13
Santa nosa. San Diego — Jan. 6. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla — Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 9
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 6. 1 pm Pier 7
Rival Wlllapa Har. Jan. 7, 6 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Pt3. Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Mexico Mexican. Pts. Jan. 7, 12 m S W 4
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt ...Jan. 8, 2 pm Pier 8
G. Elder Portland Jan. 8, 11am Pier 24
Roanoke.... Pan. & Way. Jan. 8, 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta Newport Jan. '8, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. 8, 1 pm PMBS
Peru. • Pan. & Way. Jan. 9. 12 m PMSS
Queen....... Ban Diego.... Jan. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Nome City.. Seattle — ... Jan. 9. Pier —
Fulton...... Grays Harbor Jan. 9, ...... Pier —
Alliance..... Ptld & C. B Jan. 10, ...... Pier —
Eun . risea. .
un sets .
Moon rises
"(full
i) ¦;.'."
VoVoo'i
.7:25
,.8:04
>. m.
. ? '
4 ...
(Time]
ITimel
ITimel
ITimel
6 ...
S ...
7 ...
» "!
10 ...
L W
4:04
H W
0:24
1:05
1:46
2:28
8:04
8:40
ffi
1 8.0
6.0
• 5.1
6.2
6.2
6.2
6.3
H W
10:21
LW
4:54
5:46
6:37
7:80
8:30
9:34
;Ft.
6.5
, 2.9
2.9
2.6
2.6
2.5
2.3
L W
6:17
H W
11:03
11:45
12:40
l:Sl
.2:25
8:25
F H
—1.1
6.3
' 6.0
5.6
6.2
4.6
4.3
H W
L W
.6:00
6:40
,7:20
7:63
8:30
3:10
Ft.
"
.....
-1.0
—0.7
—0.3
0.2
0.7
1.3
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Del Norte Crescent City Jan. 4
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 4
Eureka Humboldt « Jan. 4
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 5
South Portland Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 5
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Jan. 6
O. W. Elder Portland Jan. S
Roanoke Seattle Jan. 6
Nome City Seattle Jan. 6
Bonlta Newport Jan. 8
San Joso Nanaimo Jan. 6
Queen « San Diego Jan. 6
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 8
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 6
Newport Panama & Way Ports Jan. 7
Mattewan Tacoma Jan. 7
State of Cal — Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Gaelic China and Japan Jan. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 8
Arcata... Coos Bay Jan. 9
Corona Newport Jan. 9
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 9
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan. 10
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 10
Columbia.. Portland Jan. 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 10
Rainier Seattle Jan. 10
North Fork..... Humboldt Jan. 10
Getting that
Boy of Yours
Ready for School
The hardest knocks that
yw^^ J5$k? J%&fci clothes receive are from
school-going boys, and we
x^^^^^ikM lavG tfc a t sort of clothes
'WvA Hllfv?^ r^P^S la^ w^ withstand those
\ \w * -h \^ m K^Fttm hard knocks. -¦ '
* QwHr^k-Wk Ovur Bannockbwrn Scotch
¦ I*' I R\tB 5 frSfSI^ II Suit, in pleasing, heavy
¦'ifr*W*!^* "^i^a^li we W l t winter colorings.
• ?r »fl if !?u f&L- _J^3?Ji i§ don't show dirt or
ljj| 1 1 % j|P¥^^*|u _i_li dustf made and con-
,#^^4=^iw^V-':A tfr-1 ¦ ' ~ structed as Raphael' s
oP^iiii>r UvyiS J : ' I- U j*' clothes are noted for:
strength, durability and
I^l^' ¦* fcvshionableness, the three
embodiments which have
Ma ,ha> made our school -going
This suit, for chaps from
8 to 15 years; nothing in town at $5 can equal [em.
School-going boys' special at
"Q+ £a f\
. • . '¦ *
OF COURSE YOU KNOW WE CLOSE AT SIX.
' f^P . *lHCO»P^BATtD Union^Ja&cAvz *
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
rrriT - J[ - rrr — »
OURN1EW STORES.
It will pay you to visit us and se* our n«w
stock of good goods. Will b« pleased to show
you around. The latest design*, lowest prices
and best of all 10 per cent oft for cash. Prices
marked In plain figures. Special bargains la
every department.
Office furniture a specialty. Household foods
of every description.
Commence the New Year by tu7tns from as
and save money.
' CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
Tel. South STL Opp. Taylor st.
MONARCH SHOE COMPANY FOR SALE.
The undersigned offers for sale as a. whoto
only, tha entire stock of boots and shoes, with
all store fixtures and good will appertaining
to the business known as "Monarch Shoe Com-
pany." located at 134S Market street. San
Francisco, Cat.
Store will be closed January 8 and 7. 1901.
for the convenience of Intending purchasers to
examine the stock and to obtain other par-
ticulars of the busienas.
Bids must be addressed to 'W. Wolf. 1345 Mar-
ket street, and will b« opened January 8. 1901.
2:00 p. m.
No bids will be considered or entertained un-
less accompanied by a certified check of 10 per
cent of the gross amount offered, returnable la
case of rejection of bid.
- Keep Your Bowels Strong.
Constipation or dianhcea when
your bowels are out of order. Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic will make
them act naturally. Genuine tablets
stamped ¦ C. C. C. Never sold in
bulk. All druggists, ioc.
DR.MGNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I Specialist cures Blood Poison, GonorrhcM,GI«et,
Stricture, s.-mliml Weakness. Impotence and tneir
allied Disorders, rioolt on Diseases of Men. tree.
OTer20year»>xper1«?nee. Terms reasonable. Honr%
9 toSdally ;6:30 to 8. Mev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 13. Consul*
tatlonfreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
- P. ItOMCOR MpXI'LTY. 31. D.
8O Ji Kearay St., S*au Francisco* C&3.