Commander in Chief of the British Forces in South
Africa Barely Misses Being Held Up Near
Klip River by the Daring Republican Troops
RAIDING BOERS DERAIL TRAIN
AND SECURE LORD KITCHENER'S
BAGGAGE, BUT GENERAL ESCAPES
MADRID. Feb. 20.— The Madrid papers
publish a* rumor that Don Carlos, the
Spanish' pretender, ; has . decided to abdi
cate In favor of . his 'son; < Don Jaime, . who
is supported by-. a' majority of . the Carllst
quish His Claims in Favor of
Don Jaime.
Report That Don Carlos Will Relin-
SPANISH' PRETENDER
; DECIDES TO ABDICATE
Liberal sympathizers attempted to set
fire to the town of Bocas del Torre a fort
night ago. The discovery, created conster
nation in the town. The streets are now
patrolled nightly by business men of the
community, who Include many Ameri
cans. * • ¦' ¦ '
KINGSTON; Jamaica. Feb. 20.— The
British steamer Louislanlan. Captain Ed
wards, which arrived here to-day from
Colon, Colombia, reports that when she
left the latter port Monday, February 18,
the rebel forces still held their positions
in the vicinity of the" railroad line be
tween Colon and Panama, but that there
had been no serious fighting.
stroyed by Fire.
but a Town Was Nearly De- -
Serious Figbting Has Not Occurred,
HEBELS NEAR. COLON
IN OMINOUS FORCE
It Is probable that at the end of March,
King Edward and Queen Alexandra will
ero to Copenhagen, whence King Edward
will visit Prince Henry cf Prussia at l£ls!.
will not be accompanied by the Queen.
LONDON. Feb. 20.— The announcement
ft the date (Saturday) of King Edward's
•.eparture for Friederlchshoff. near Cron
5 erg, has revived the story that his trip
v-lll be extended to Berlin to repay Em
r"-ror William's visit to England at th3
'irne of Queen Victoria's death, and that
!.¦- will po thence to Denmark.
At present, however, his Majesty ¦ has
r;o Intention of so doing. He will me/ely
l>ay a strictly private visit of a few days
to the Dowager Empress Frederick. He
King's Journey to the Continent Sole
ly for a'Call on His En
feebled Sister.
EDWABD WILL VISIT
EMPBESS FREDERICK
Not Obtained' in America.
LONDON. , Feb.- 20.— The , reported deter
mination "of ;the. House . of RepresentativeB
at Washington {to; inquire ' into \ the \ ques-
Britons Claim ; Contraband ; of -War Is
AS TO THE .NEUTRALITY LAW;
A . special from Salisbury, i Rhodesia,
says: A conflict between the civil • and
military authorities here has arisen over
the order of the latter for the suppression
of "the Times, a local newspaper/ for hav
ing, printed . a* criticism of the conduct of
Lieutenant . General Sir | Frederick . Car
rlngton." - The High Court ordered the res
toration of ..its ; rights : to .the ..Times ] and
interdicted 1 the'milltary authorities : from
any interference ; therewith ; beyond .the
necessary ¦ censorship. '.[ The " military au
thorities.* however, disregarded the order
of the ' High ' Court, 'and ; this morning . the
staff of the /Times » were forcibly evicted
from '' their offices.,, .•
The officer in- command at "Wonderfon
teln, the nearest post ; on- the railway to
the scene 'of the engagement, reports
that he has no news of Smith-Dorrien.
who has about 2500 men under him.
Grave anxiety is felt for the fate of
Smith-Dorrien's column, which has not
been heard of since February 6. when It
lost twenty-four killed jj and forty-six
wounded in a heavy engagement with
Commandant Botha at Bothwell.
to the European Governments and Presi
dent McKlnlev. • ;.
•During the course of the Inquiries made
the" interesting opinion was expressed that
the end of the war as an active campaign
'was now In sight and > that within a few
months ; military operations, in . South
Afrlca'would assume, that stage which for
four years- has- marked "tfia" war in Bur
mah, .which wore Itself, out without- at
tracting ¦ particular Interest in Great Brit
ain -,or_. elsewhere. .'.This • opinion was ex- •
pressed by, no less an authority than the
Under Secretary; of State for^the Foreign
Office.*.- Lord YCranborhe. -He . produced
from, ! the files of the Foreign Office a" copy
of the ¦ treaty,' where It has ; peacefully, re
pesed 'since :the days when'.the Alabama
matter^ stirred . both' countries;' and points
out' that ¦' mules ~and ' horsea had ¦ never yet
been /classified tis cpntraband "of war! So
far; as '.supplies -go,^the official maintained
that .Great Britain '_ has not i secured ' from
the United" States ' anything •which 1 , would
tion whether the United States has broken
the treaty, of 1871- by the ex
portation'of horses, mules and other sup
plies ! to' ) the : British forces in South Africa,
created "more academic- Interest than prac
tlcal : concern in the Government depart
ments'here.;;A"correspondent'brought the
dispatch on the ; subject to the .'notice of
the. Foreign and "War offices. The officials
of the latter regarded the posslblo effects
of, any future action; In the United States
as being of small 'import, as about all the
mules' and -horse*- required for South
Africa had -been already secured. '
come under the . "head of military sup
plies," which Is the wording of article VI
in* the "treaty.
"As a matter of fact." said a Foreign
Office official, "we have found to our cost
that ' contraband Is what each nation
chooses to make it. air treaties to the con
trary notwithstanding. The reported de
termination of the American House of
Representatives raises a question which
must possibly develop much needed united
action, leading the powers of the world
to lay, down up-to-date principles defining
speciflcally what twentieth century neu
trality, means and entails."
ARSON AND MTTRDER
IN LIQUOR CRUSADE
Drugstore Destroyed and a Man
Burned to Death in a West
Virginia Town.
SISTERVILLE. W. Va.. Feb. JO. — At
Stringtown. a. small oil village In Tyler
county, a' fire -started last night in a drug
store, and before the flames could be go:
under control, late this morning, several
buildings .were consumed and John Clen-
denning .was burned to death.
Two men have been arrested for arson
and murder. It appears that there had
been ¦ a .; port of Carrie Nation crusade
against the dives, and a' warning had
been. given that. unless the proprietor of
the drug store, over which Clendennins
slept, ' stopped selling liquor, the placs
-would be either burned or blown up.
BOERS LOOTING A DERAILED BRITISH \ SUPPL,Y;TRAIN UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES SIMILAR .TO THOSE OF
THE 1STH 1NST.', WHEN LORD-KITCHENER SO NARROWLT..ESCAPED CAPTURE. (FROM ILLUSTRATED
LONDON NEWS.). MAP SHOWING SCENE OF OCCURRENCE AND PORTRAIT OF BRITISH COMMANDER.
Captain and Engineer Missing^ but
Other Persons on the Vessel
Reach the Shore.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 20.— The officials
cf the Atlantic Transport Company to
day received news of the loss at sea of
the Italian steamer Jupiter. Th« crew
have been landed at Bermuda. All of tho
crew were rescued with the exception of
the captain, Zannero, and the chief en
gineer,' who are supposed i to have been
drowned by the capsizing of , a • lifeboat.
The Jupiter was owned by the Commer
cial Italian ¦ Navigation " * Company ¦• of
Genoa. Her loss will involve 1 $500,000.
ITALIAN STEAMSHIP '. ; ;
GOES DOWN AT SEA
ald, indicate that the Sioux Indians are
seriously contemplating an uprising If
demands now being formulated for sub
mission to Washington are not complied
with. Several council meetings have al
ready been held, particularly among the
Ogalalla Sioux, and preparations are now
being made for a great council to select
delegates to Washington. Owing to the
desire to avoid sensationalism, the gath
erings of the small councils have been
given little notice, but the aspect is now
considered grave. *"*".'.-""
Recent orders of the Indian Commis
sioner are responsible, say the Indians,
for their attitude. One chief openly de
clares hostilities will begin if relief Is not
forthcoming. The trouble Is over the' cut
ting down of supplies and a claim unpaid
for ceding of the Black Hills.
Unless Washington Favorably Con
siders Demands They "Will Go
Upon Warpath.
OMAHA, Feb. 20.— Information from di
rect sources, obtained by. the World-Her-
SIOUX SERIOXTSXY
CONTEMPLATE UPRISING
PARIS. Feb. 20.— A remarkable paper
was presented before the Academy of
Medicine to-day. Dr. Lucas Champlon
nlcre demonstrated that one of the com
mon causes of appendicitis is the grip
or influenza. Although this theory ha<l
been advanced by the late Dr. Simon of
the Hotel DIeu, one of the chief Paris
hospitals. Dr. Lucas Champlonniero's
statements have produced a profound sen
sation. The savant called attention to
the fact that an epidemic of appendicitis
has ever followed the grip epidemic, or
that the two often co-existed. He then
demonstrated that appendicitis is but the
localization of the grip affecting tho
intestines and often the appendix Itself.
The' paper cited Innumerable. Instances
where this had been dlrectiy proved by
careful observation. . • •¦-
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Embassador Choate has cabled the
State Department a brief outline of the
Interview yesterday between himself and
Lord Landsdowne respecting the pending
Hay - Pauncefote treaty. For obvious
reasons the text of the communication
is withheld, but it Is admitted that it goes
to confirm the press reports already
printed, and. while Lord Lansdowne's
response did not Indicate exactly when
an answer might be expected from the
British Government or the character of
the answer, hope Is entertained that the
British Government before the expiration
of the date allowed for the exchange of
the ratification of the treaty, namely,
March 4,' will take action either directly
upon the Senate amendments themselves,
or in the direction of extending the time
limit so as to continue the pendency of
the treaty.
Senator Morgan's resolution declares
that the ratification of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty is not a condition to legisla
tion by Congress for the construction of
the NIcaraguan canal. The majority of
the committee take the ground that the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty must be ratlfle.l
by Great Britain before any legislation
looking to the construction of the canal
can be enacted by Congress.
There could have been little hope that
Great Britain would ratify the pending
treaty with the practical threat hanging
over her that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
¦would be abrogated.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N, W.,
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Prospects for
the ratification of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty have been much Improved by the
action of the Senate Committee on For
eign Relations to-day In making an ad
verse report on the Morgan resolution
for the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty.
6r*c!aJ Dispatch to The Call.
Action of the Senate
Committee on the
Resolution by
Morgan.
IMPROVES
PROSPECTS
FOR CANAL
French Savant Who
Says Appendicitis
Is Due to
DOCTOR'S
IMPORTANT
DISCOVERY
The .penalty for . the crime for which
Hnmllton is convicted is imprisonment
from five to twenty ..years. , • •
Hamilton's attorneys at once moved for
a new trial, but no date was set for hear
ing the arguments. When the prisoner
reached the jail he said to Jailer
Alexander with a despairing gesture:
"They've found me guilty, Captain, but
I do not deserve lt." .
the verdict. He had enjoyed a gocd
night's sleep and permed In excellent spir
its. When the verdict was read, Hamil
ton appeared dazed and made no other
sign than to shake his head In mute pro
test. He was remanded to jail to await
sentence and nbeolute'r refused to pee
any one except his devoted friend. Miss
Johnson, of Colorado Springs.
with murdering Leonard R.
Day, the millionaire, after forty hours'
deliberation furnished a genuine surprise
by coming into court a few%ilnutes be
fore 10 o'clock this morning and reporting
that It had agreed upon a verdict of man
1 slaughter in the first degree, with a rec
ommendation to the mercy of the court.
The Jury had been out so long that hope
of an agreement had about been given
up. The jury Informed 'the deputies at
»:15 that lt had agreed, but lt took half
an hour to arrange the preliminaries.
..Hamilton was taken into court to hear,
MINNEAPOLIS. Feb. 20.— The
Jury in the case of the State of
Minnesota against Frank II.
Hamilton, the reporter charged
FRANK H. HAMILTON* AND LEONARD R. DAY. YOUNG MEN OF PROM
INENCE OF MINNEAPOLIS. AFTER A TRIAL NOT WITHOUT SgN
SATIONS, THE FORMER HAS BEEN CONVICTED OF MURDER.
" 'Do you know Mr. Squires, first secre
tary of the United States Legation, and
don't } you know that-: Mrs. Squires, ; his
wife, Is very rich a-nd that, she bought
many thousand dollars' worth of loot at
prices, far below^ its value"?' he asked."
"In my. talk with LI Hung. Chang, he
said good-humoredly through his Inter
preter: 'I have Just had the Christian
commandments read to me and they need
revising. Th© . ;'elghth commandment
should be made', to read 'Thou shalt not
loot.' " •
"I attended two sales of loot In the Box
ers' palace which Rev. Dr. Ament occu
pied In Peking after Its relief by the al
lies," said Miller. to The Call correspond
ent. "Dr. Ament took possession of the
treasures which he found there, held
sales and kept account of the proceeds,
crediting them against the claims which
he makes for the mission property de
stroyed. Much of the loot was bought by
an . American speculator who lived in
Shanghai, .whose- ¦ purchases formed quite
a train as theyVstood outside the wall of
the compound occupied by Dr. Ament be
fore they started for. Tungchow.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— J. Martin Miller
of New York arrived on the Oceanic to
day, having England from China
by way of Ceylon. '-He gives Interesting
Information of the looting at Peking in
an interview which he had with LI Hung
Chang on the subject.
the Eighth Commandment.
How Li Hung Chang Would Amend
"THOU SHALT NOT LOOT."
Commenting upon the latest advices
from Peking the Times says: "There
cannot be any reasonable doubt that the
sudden surrender of the Chinese court
was due to fears inspired by 'Count von
Waldersee's order. Tho lesson will not
be lost on the allies' should the Chinese
resort again to their traditional tactics of
evasion and delay. At the same time,
the powers are to be congratulated that
it Is not necessary to carry their threats
Into execution." .
"The concert of the powers," said an
official, "Is so unwieldy and Is composed
of so many different sections and sub
sections that diplomacy Is ' out of the
question. It does not require any great
degree of deduction to as-sume that Lord
Salisbury, in spite of his professed Ig
norance, «nd the secrecy at Berlin, -was
fairly well informed as to the true in
wardness of Count von Waldersee's re
cent orders."
The action of the British members of
Parliament and papers, especially the
London Times. In calling Von TValdersee's
action a bluff, causes the greatest cha
grin and has given rise to the feeling
that lt is Impossible to meet Chinese
finesse ¦with similar weapons.
It was learned . that tho British Gov
ernment to-night Is without any further
official,' explanation i^ot Field .Marshal
Count .von Waldersee's'actioh in planning
An extensive -expedition In' China.Y An ex
planation ha3 been; asked for In order
that the Cabinet at Friday's meeting
may have some satisfactory .basis for
Its deliberations on the Chinese question.
Dr. Morrison, wiring to the Times from
Peking, says: "The court has yielded and
conserved to tho infliction of the punish
ment demanded, petitioning, however,
that the sentences on Chao Shu Chlao and
Tins Nien may bo strangulation instead
of decapitation. To this the foreign en
voys have agreed. r The question, there
fore, is virtually settled, and a ralson
d'etre for tho Tal Yuen Su expedition
ceases to exist.
A dispatch to the Reuter Telegram
Company from Peking, dated yesterday,
says: "Tho Chinese have yielded on the
question d punishments, and It Is an
nounced that the demands of the powers
will be fully complied with. The reply of
the court has not yet been communicated
to the legations, but it Is known to have
been received by Prince Ching and Lt
Hunpr Chang, and it will probably bo com
municated to-morrow."
"Prince Chwang to be strangled, Tu
Hs'cn to be decapitated, Chao Shu Chlao
and Ylng Nlen to be permitted to strangle
themselves and Chi llslen and JjTsu
Cheng Wli to be beheaded In Peklng.^If
the court advances no new obstacles the
negotiations on the first point of the de
mands of the powers may be considered
closed."
LON'DON", Feb. 21.— "At their latest
meeting," s&ys the Peking correspondent
of the Morning Post, wiring yesterday,
"the foreign envoys agreed to a compro
mise. They propose to permit the impe
rial court to commute the sentences of
decapitation in the cases of Prince Tuan.
Duke Ian pnd General Tung Fuh Slang to
life imprisonment, and will agree to the
following punishments:
Commutation of Sentences toy
Winch Leaders Escape
Death.
Yields Points for tlie
Purpose of Check
ing Invasion,
CHINA MAKES
A COMPROMISE
WITH POWERS
Jury Returns Verdict of Manslaugh
ter in the First Degree With
a Recommendation for Mercy
REPORTER HAMILTON
GUILTY OF KILLING
MILLIONAIRE L. R. DAY
The sole Question now at issue is
whether Mrs. Gorsage was sane when she
committed the terrible deed. Her at
torneys will try to prove that she was
mentally irresponsible. There is no Ques
tion, they say, that she had been in the
past dozens of times placed In positions
¦where she could have killed her husband
and been abundantly Justified on the
ground of self-defense.
"lie is better dead than alive," said
Mrs. Gorsage. when people, aroused by the
shot, rushed into the room and found her
with the smoking weapon in her hand
contemplating the body of the man she
hac". killed, "I am not sorry that I killed
him."
It ¦was after reading this passage. At
torney Dor« will contend, that Mrs. Gor
eage, fired with a sudden resolution, roEe
from her seat, went to the place where
her husband kept his revolver, took it and
going to the door of the room where he
slept, placed the muzzle of the weapon
close to hi* head and f.red.
"What follows? The good people of
Bcsekop <5raw the only conclusion pos
sible — Monsieur Guldmar. who is said to
have a terriSc temper, killed madame and
made away with her body. Voila." This
passage Is on page 77 and the book lay
open at this page when found.
"Suddenly che appears no more. Some
or.e ventures to ask this Monsieur Guld
rr.ar 'What has become of madaxne?' His
answer Is brief, 'She Is dead.* Satisfac
tory bo far. yet not quite; for xnadame
being dead, then what has become of the
corpse of madacie? It was never seen—
no eoffin was ordered— and apparently it
was 'never burled. Bien.
Mr. Dore will attempt to show the Jury
at Sloost Vcrnon to-day that after Gor
rr : p» had retired for th« night to sleep
off his debauch his •wife, the woman now
a reused of murder, eat down to read Miss
CoreHTs r.ovel. Her heart was full of
the wrongs that ehe had suffered and as
she turned the pages of the book the fol
3owlr.g paragraph burned itself into her
brain: "Thus It Is, Mon Cher Errington.
This gentleman named Gulmar had a most
lovely wife, a mysterious lady with an
evident secret. The beautiful one was
never sets In the church or In any town
or village; she was met sometimes in the
h!!ls. by rivers, in valleys, carrying her
child In her arms. The people grew
rfrald of her. but new see what happens.
Maddened with Jealousy end- liquor, she
pays, he faced her in their home that
momlr.g End warned her with an Intensity
that fcuRlPd *#»^ wonls Into h*-r msroorr:
"The next t!rr:e don't leave me. Kill me
instead. For If you don"t kill me, I'll
kill you and I'll put you In the river
v here they will never find your body."
According to those who will testify for
ih* 6efer.E& at Mount Vernon they had
witnessed several stormy scenes between
th* alleged murderers and her husband.
She had several times left him, vowing
never to return, and but a few days be
fcre the murder she had gone away and
only agreed to come back after much
plra <1ir»p on his part. According 1 to the
¦ceased woman herself, on the mornfnsf oi
the murder. Gorsage had, while drunk and
abusive, threatened her life and told her
that if she <?vcr left him again she would
never be seen again by human eyes alive
or dead.
SEATTLE, Feb. 20.— In the Superior
Cccrt of Skajrit County. "Wash.. to-<Say
"Maria Corelll. tho famous novelist, was
tlrawn into a murder case and in
directly chargwd with Inspiring the
terrible deed of Jennie Gorsage,
¦nrfco. oa tho night of December
14. 1300. shot and killed William Gcrsape,
her husband. In Mount Vemon. When
the- cSeers of the law reached the Gor
cape home after tie tragedy cce of the
first objects that met their eye was a
copy of Miss Corelli's novel, "Thelma,"
open on the table in a room adjoining: the
one In •which the dead man lay in his bed
¦with a bullet hole through his head, slain
while he slept- Gorsagc. avccording to the
testimony cf all who knew him, was a
ETirly and altogrther unlovable character,
harsh ar.d exacting toward his wife and
r«idy -with a curse or a. blow, especially
when In Mcuor.
Speed*! Dispatch to The CalL
Mrs. Gorsage, Alter Reading
"T&elma," Kills Her
Sleeping Husband.
Marie Corelli's Name
Is Mentioned in
Court,
NOVEL MAY
HAVE LED HER
TO DO MURDER
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 83.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY* 21, 1901.
LONDON, Feb. 20. — A special dis
patch from Pretoria Bays tho
' Boers at Klip River, February
IS. derailed a train containing
GeneralKItchener'8 baggage. The
train was preceded bv another on which
the commander In chief was a" passenger.
An armored train -drove off th« Boers, but
the latter secured th9 contents of the
train derailed.
Lord Kitchener's second narrow escape
from capture calls out newspaper warn
ings as to the danger of his rapid flit
tings by train from olace to place. It is
considered better for him "to remain In
Pretoria than to risk upsetting his care
fully elaborated plans of campaign. As
Lord Kitchener is now back in Pretoria
the inference is that General Dewet has
again escaped from the supposed cordon.
There is no further news of General
French's pursuit of Commandant General
Botha in the Eastern Transvaal.
Statements emanate from both Pre
toria and Brussels that Mr. Kruger con
templates returning to South Africa. It
Is said that he has Just finished writing
a memorial of the war, which will be sent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.The funny things .that happen to other
people are always serious when they hap
pen to you, V
Some men are so learned that they Beem
to think it unnecessary to use common
sense.
Victory for Prohibitionists.
VENTURA, Feb. 20.— To-day the Anti-
Saloon Leairue forces won a victory in the
fight against the liquor men by the-pas
sage of 'a prohibition i ordinance* to take
effect November 15, 1901. No liquor seller
holding, a license under the old ordinance
will be molested until after that date
These now operating without a' license
will be prosecuted "under the provisions of
the ordinance passed by the' people" at 'the
last election. •••"-¦¦ . :¦;¦ 5 . >
'To ;Cure the. Grip in Two , Days
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine removes the cause*?
One of the I-ats Amendments Strikes
Out the Appropriation to Pay-
Soldiers' Dsposits.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day
completed Its consideration of . the army
appropriation bill. The committee In
dorsed the action of Its sub-committee In
adding the Spooner Philippine amend
ment to the bill. A vote on tNc amend
ment resulted 5 to 4, the dlvlpJoc being on
party line*.
The committee also inserted an amend
ment providing that appointments under
the trmy reorganization law to fill orig
inal vacancies In the grade of captain In
the quartermaster, subsi stone© and "pay
departments may be made from any offi
cers of volunteer commands since April
21, 1S98. and who arc now Jn.tlie service.-
Another amendment strikes out the ap
propriation of ?2,000.000 to pay soldiers' de
posit?, made by the bill ns It passed the
House, and appropriates $JO,000 to pay in
terest on the deposits.
Prizes Awarded at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 20.-
The prizes offered by- the board of editors
of the annual "quad" far the best literary
productions were awarded to-day. C. A.
Whitmore '02 was awarded the firat prize
for- the best short story, entitled r The
Power of the Press." R. K. Ktnaud's bal
lad. "The Loveless,'-' and Kathryn Daly's
humorous verge -.vere given second and
third honors. ?
Actress Neth.cr::ole 111.
, NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— Olga Ncthersole
sailed to-day for London. Her hurrted
departure followed a conference of her
physicians, who say that a s:ji*gtc«l oo
eration is necessary. . T?o creraiioa viU
be performed In Ix»:n.*or<.
SENATE'S COMMITTEE
ENDS ARMY BILL WORK
Small Accommodations in the North
' cm Prison Necessitate Adop
tion of the Plan.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Feb. 20.— The Daw
son officials have inaugurated 1 the tlcket
of-lsave system. The 'parole of convicts
la an old story in the history of the Eng
lish colonies. It- was tried for years in
Australia. In the Klondike country offi
cials claim the small accommodations for
prisoners necessitate It.
A ticket of leave from Ottawa arrived
on the 9th and freed W. Van Busklrk,
sent to Jail three months ago on. a long
term for' theft. This is the tirst Instance
of a ticket of leave being Issued In the
history of the Yukon, and the officials say
that ft will be frequently brought- Into
play in. the future In. deserving- cases.
TICKET-OF-LEAfVE SYSTEM
, . IN YUKON DISTRICT
Little Likelihood That the Iron. and
Steel Schedules Can Be Re
vised at Present.* *
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— The Ways
and Means Committee of the House held
a lengthy session to-day: but did not have
occasion to take up the revenue reduction
bill, as the conferees were not ready to
make any statement on its prospects.
The tariff reduction bill of Babcock.
of Wisconsin, taking off the duties <yi
most of the nrtlcles In the iron and ste'l
schedule of the Dingley act. was referred
to the sub-committee on customs. It Ja
hardly expected that anything can be
done on a measure of thl3 far-reaching
character at this late day of the session.
The proposition to havo one appraiser
Instead of two at Boston and Phila
delphia and to increase the salary, of the
official retained was- lost on a tie vote,
and similar adverse action resulted. on a
proposition to consolidate the Chicago ap
pralstr's office. The bill allowing Govern
ment moneys to be kept in Government
depositories in Hawaii was favorably
acted upon.
SEDUCTION OF TARIFF
FOR FUTURE SESSION
Famous Observatory Burned.
GOTHA, Feb. 2O.-The famous observ
atory on the Zeburg. which the cele
brated astronomers. Buckola, Sack and
Linden, worke<i, has been destroyed by
SEATTLE. Frb. 2O.-An Illicit distillery,
equalling In cost that of many of the
licensed liquor plants in the "United States,
was raidfd February 13 by Government
officers in a cahln near the Klondike
bridge, not far from Dawson. The owner
of the distillery. E. ML Sullivan, generally
Known as "Black Sullivan," was arrested.
His trial took plac« immediately. Con-
Ftable Piper testified that Sullivan offered
him money and a share of the proceeds
if he would "keep mum." All the local
paloon-keepers were v/arned against pur
chasing liquor from illicit distillers, of
whom the Judge eaid there were still
others to be taken Into custody. Sul
livan's fine distillery lias been confiscated.
Illicit Distillery Raided.
"Can the Herald set In motion any fa
cilities for discovering the whereabouts of
Mrs. Rodney, my runaway wife? She is
kept concealed somewhere in this city by
her attorney, supposedly at some place
reached by the North Ninth street line.
She ran away with her hypnotlzer. Miss
Cole, January 5 last, that they might con
tinue their living together at ease and
undisturbed; and Mrs. Rodney Insisted
on collecting alimony, through her attor
ney, without any equivalent whatever in
return, not even the chance to meet her
and either personally or through interces
sors plead for a reconciliation. To dis
cover her residence is an insuperable dif
ficulty." . . . . . . ,
This letter was sent by special delivery
and on J.he envelope was this indorse
ment:
"Urging discovery of a certain fact for
a great and good, and Indeed, pathetic
purpose." ¦
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— Paymaster
Robert Burton Rodney, U. S. N., retired,
i« looking? for his missing wife and has
made this pathetic app'eal to the New
York Herald to aid him:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cooper -runs a 10 cent museum on Mar
ket street. Jennie Reade Is one of his
curiosities, being professionally known
as "the gorilla girl." She is reputed to
have been found in a tree somewhere in
Africa a couple of years ago by Mr
Cooper. 'Now she Is prosecuting him In
the Police Court, which shows that In
gratitude Is not confined to the human
species.
NEWARK, N. J., Feb. 20.— Judge Lam
bert to-day Issued a writ of habeas corpus
for a monkey. If Llnf ord Cooper of TO
Market street does not produce the body
of the monkey by 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning he must tak* the consequences.
H« is charged by Jennie Reade of Phila
delphia with abducting her pet monkey
"Rubenstein." .-•¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dispute in a Dime
Museum Leads to
Use of Habeas
Corpus.
MUST TAKE
THE MONKEY
INTO COURT
Retired Paymaster
Makes Pathetic
Appeal for
Aid. .
RODNEY IS
SEEKING TO
FIND WIFE
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Percy Av
ery Rockefeller, the second son
of William ; Rockefeller, the
. Standard Oil magnate, and Miss
Isabel Goodrich Stillman are to
be married April 23. The wedding will
probably be the biggest and most notable
of the Easter season. The ceremony will
be performed In St. Bartholomew's'Prot
estant EpiscopaJ Church. Madison ave
nue and Forty-fourth street, by the rec
tor, the Rev. Dr. David H. Greer.
Miss Jsabel G. Stillman recently served
Percy Rockefeller was graduated from
Yale University last yeaj\ The bride-elect
Is the second daughter of James Stillman.
president of the National City Bank of
New York. Mr. and Mrs. Stillman will
give the bridal reception at their home, 7
East Fortieth street. Miss Ethel G. Rock
efeller will no doubt be Included In the
bridal party', as well as {he two brothers
of the bride. James Alexander Stillman
ami Charles C. Stillman.. >¦. - i • * .. .-
Th« Stillmans, who have a place on N'ar
ragansett avenue known as Oaklawn,
have been identified for years with the
Newport set. The bride-elect Is very at
tractive and Is much admired In society.
the Rockefeller-SUllman nuptials.
us bridesmaid at the wedding of Alfred
Gwyrine Vanderbllt and Miss Elsie
French. It is expected that Mr. and Mrs.
Vanderbilt will not go abroad until after
"If that was the sort of civilization that
was being carried Into the Philippines."
Lentz said, "It would take $5000 to pre
vent cur soldiers from deserting."
Lentz' remarks roused the House to
fever pitch. Oraham (K.) of Pennsyl
vania challenged Lenlz to .produce the
letter he had referred to. He said he
thought it- existed only In the Imagina
tion of the gentleman from Ohio. Lentz
declared that the letter could not be pro
duced without getting the boy Into trou
ble. ,v \
Mahon compared Lentz to the "copper
heads" of lSbl and severely arraigned
him for what ho declared to V« his en
couragement of deserters.
The House finally passed the sundry
civil appropriation bill to-day and entered
upon consideration of the general de
ficiency — the last of the general appro
priation bills.
"It is not possible that my colleague
will insist upon his objection.' said Gros
venor. 'He made an attack upon a dead
man r.nd I desire five minutes to reply."
"I did not make an attack upon a dead
man." replied Lentz. "I made an expose
of a live man. I have the proof here if
you desire to open up the subject."
Angered by Lentz' refusal to allow him
to be heard, Grosvenor. with flushed face
and uplifted arm, declared that the gen
.tleman from Ohio (Lenta) had been guilty
of a malicious falsehood. "And he knows
It," added Grosvenor.
A few mlnute3 afterward Lentz pro
posed that Grosvenor be given fifteen
minutes and he (Lentz) ten minutes.
"Oh, I object." called out Cannon. "If
gentlemen desire to wash their dirty lin
en, they should hire a hall."
A sensational eplsoda occurred when
the paragraph providing that not over J3o
should be paid for the apprehension of a
deserter from the army was reached. This
paraKiaph was seized upon by L.entz for
n base from which to attack what lie said
was Bolm; on In the Philippines and
which so c'lsgupted cur soldiers there that
they r.eserted. He declared that reports
were coming Jiack from the PnlHpninea
to th*j effect that our soldiers were killing
prisoners, and he said that he knew of a
letter received by the father of a soldier
In tho Philippines telling how a native
had been burled alive by his captors and
then beheaded.
Later Grosvenor tried to secure an op
portunity to reply to Lentz, but Lentz ob
jected unless twenly minutes were al
lowed on a f>lcio.
"I am not jumping on a dead man," re
plied I^entz. "but on a man who is so alive
that he will ride on Pennsylvania avenue
with the President cne week from Mon
day."
Lentz, an Ohio Democrat, who in this
and the previous Congress attacked the
administration, furnished the sensation.
He used a newspaper paragraph recount-
Ing the death of a Federal Judge In New
Mexico who had been a member of the
Legislature which elected Senator Hanna
as a text for charging corruption in that
election. This called for a rebuke from
Cannon, who declared that brave men
fought the living and only ghouls rav
ished the tombs of the dead.
WASHINGTON*, Feb. 20.— The House
was to-day the scene of the stormiest de
bates of the session and It reached a cli
max when one of the "excited lawmakers
accused a colleague of deliberate false
hood. . -
Congrtssmau Grosvenor Ac
cuses Lentz of Ohio of
Falsehood.
LIE IS PASSED
IN THE HOUSE
Late 'in the day a sharp controversy on
the pneumatic tube question was precipi
tated by an amendment offered by Mason,
extending that ser-ice to Chicago, and
one by Vent, extending it to St. Louis.
Hale and others severelv criticized those
promoting the system, referring to a "Job
and lobby."
When the amendment appropriating
$SOO,000 for the transportation of mall by
pneumatic tubes and repealing the law
which prohibits future contracts for pneu
matic tube service, together with the
ponding point of order against it, was
called up, Mason offered his amendment
arproprlatlng $500,000 for the maintenance
of the pneumatic tube service, in cities
where it is now in operation' and for its
establishment in Chicago, provided taat
all future contracts for the establishment
of the service be advertised publicly. Ou
a vote the amendment was held to be In
order. 5* to 16.
• Hale Interposed a point of order on the
ground that a committee had not passed
upon the proposition. The Senator added
some very 'severe remarks on the "gi
gantic lobby" alleged 'to be behind this
pneumatic tube plan. At this point Wol
cott gained recognition and said:
"I have Just been handed a communica
tion of rather Imperative character— the
most imperative that I recall in twelve
years.*" He then read a request addressed
to him by a large number of the Senators
of the Postofflco Committee, reading:
"Please call Immediate meeting of Com
mittee on Postofflces and Post Roads to
consider Mason's pneumatic tube amend
ment." •
Wolcott said that with such an Impera
tive request before him he would call the
meeting. In the meantime he asked that
the subject be laid aside and the request
was granted.
In the postoffice bill discussion Butler
contrasted the cost of railway mail pay
In Europe and in this country to the dis
advantage of the United States. Depew
interrupted to pay that the wages paid by
European continental railroads was only
about one-fourth of the rate of • railway
wages In this country, while the freight
rates In this country were only ; a little
more than one- fourth of what they Were
in Europe. '•.'¦?•¦ *. . ¦_
"Does the Senator mean," Inquired But
ler, "that the American railroads are los
ing money?" '¦¦-'". .. , '
"I do not mean to say. they are losing
money." replied Depew. "I mean to say
that If they had anything like the rates
charged for freight in Continental Europe
they could carry the mails. free and In
addition pay a largo revenue to the Gov
ernment." ¦ : ¦ ¦- ,. ¦¦ • ,
No railroads in the world have larger
profits than those of the United States,
asserted Butler. „ ' . _,
"The capitalization of railroads in Eu
rope," responded Depew, "Is much larger
than it is here. ¦ In Great Britain It is
about $350,000 a mile. If that capitaliza
tion be reduced to the average capitaliza
tion in the United States you will find
that the profits of • the English railroads
are enormous." ,
Wolcott said as to European railroads
carylng the malls free, that Jn Great Brit
ain the cost of railroad - mail transporta
tion was little less if any than here. In
Continental Europe ', the . Government
either owned the railroads or, guaranteed
the payment of. the principal. and Interest
of their bonds and of 5 or 6 per cent divi
dends on their -stock, whether they earned
it or not. • ', .
>The amendment offered by Butler, mak
ing an aggregate reduction of about 9 per
cent In the .railway mail pay, was re
jected. 18 to El.. - ¦¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The Senate
spent the day on the postofflce appropria
tion bill, making some progress, but not
completing it..- The amendment of But
ler, proposing a reduction qt about 9 per
cent in the pay for the railway postal ser
vice, was defeated, 18 to 51, after a de
bate in whlcji Depew answered Butler's
criticisms on the large profits made by
American roads.
Senators Declare That Job
bery Is Behind the Pneu
matic Tube.
George w. Hoyle then Introduced
Dr. John A Myers of New York, formerly
director of the Government experimental
station*- in ¦• New- Jersey, -who spoke upon
the culture of citrus fruits, showing the
difference in the results of fertilizer used;
certain kinds producing thick skjns when
well watered and others producing a thin
skin.
He was followed by Professor Charles
H. Shinn of Berkeley, who delivered a
very aile address upon citrus fruit cult
ure, fh part he said: "You have built
a temple here for that marvelous group
LAWMAKERS
ACCUSE LOBBY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/S/0 s^ LOVERDALE, Feb. 20.-The Cit
ff rus Fair opined to-night with the
(t^ j playing of the "Citrus Fair
March" , by a selected band.
of Oriental fruits whose names are deeply
rooted in the languuj.'e and literature of
prehistoric races. These citrus fruits
which you are learning to cultivate Illume
the pages. of poetry as well as the sober
records of horticulture. The orange tree
In your midst bears the red. gleaming
golden apples of the Grecian HespCrldes."
He elaborated further upon the culture of
citrus fruits. His remarks were well re
ceived and were met with prolonged ap
plause.
The exhibits are all In place and are a
rare exhibit of artistic designs. The
golden gate, harps, vases, sleigh. belH
of Camulus. horn cf plenty, chariot and
the spring brook are among the leading
artistic exhibits and It will be hard for
the judges to say which shall take first
prize.
Sheriff Striving to Save a Prisoner
From Infuriated Farmers. •
WICHITA. Kans., Feb. 2O.-Sheriff Gano
of Medicine Lodge has fled to Anthony
with Professor Hamlin to prevent. him
from being lynched. Hamlin. a county
school teacher, 22 years old, is charged
with attacking a girl S years old. who
had been going to school with him from
the house at which he boarded. Her
neme is G reaver and her peoole^are In
fluential. It is said that a mob organized
among the Barber County farmers may
follow Hamlin, in which event they will
purely jret him. as the Harper County Jail
le a weak enn«-ern.
MOB AFTEB, A TEACHEU.
Assailant of a Young 1 Girl Is Hanged
to a Tree.
MENA. Ark.. *>b. 20.-A mob of eight
fietprmlned men took Fetor Berryman, a
desperate negro, cut of the City Jail at
3 o'clock this morning and hanged him
to a tree. The crime of which Berryman
was accused was an attack on a 12-year
old girl, whr.se condition is critical.
The masked men met Night Officer Al
Jones and compelled him at the. point of
puns to hand over the keys and his re
volver. Two of them were left to guard
Jones, while the others went to the jail
and secured the negro. About 2 o'clock
they returned to where the officer was be
ing guarded and pave him his keys and
revolver. Then the men quietly dis
appeared.
About two months ago this negro at
tacked an engineer with an ax. very near
ly killlnp him. and he has been guilty ol
numerous other offenses. ¦ t .»-
LYNCHING OF A NEGRO.
Hrs. Carrie Nation Occupies a Cell
in the Jail, but Displays No
Alarm During Dis- .
turbance.
TOPEKA, Kan*.. Feb. 20.— The vlpllance
of the officers Mias all that saved "Slick"
Slater from lynching by an infuriated
mob to-nlsht. He will yet be lynched if
he can be found.
Slater attacked 17-year-old Lottie .Ger
l>erick Monday evening and was captured
by Toneka officers the next day in Car
bondale. The officers kept the fact of the
capture, cuiet and placed Slater in the
County Jail here.
This afternoon It became known that
he was here and Immediately the Santa
I> shopmen, of whom the girl's, father,
Gecrfrp Gcrl>eri<k. Is on«». decided that he
sliouid be lynched. They nt once sent a
committee to watch th» Jail, while they
quietly arrar.s>>d the details of the ex
pocted lynching. By C o'clock there was
a mob of ICr.X) men around the County Jail.
d- mandlng that th<» prisoner be delivered
to them. A J-Tipado of sturdy Santa Fe
bollrr-makcrs. armed with heavy sledge
hammers, stood ready to make short work
of the ja:l in case the demands were not
Kxant<vl.
Sheriff Cook told the crowd that the
prisoner had been removed and offered to
let a committee search the jail. Ten men,
hcaot'd by George Gcrberick, made a thor
ough search, but Slater could not be
found. They returned and told the mob,
but that failed to satisfy them, and twice
they started to break down the jail doors.
It developed that early in the afternoon
the Sheriff, in anticipation of trouble, or
dered a deputy to get Slater out of town.
He was ordered not to leave him In Jack
son County or take him to Leavenworth.
The deputy drove to Hoyt with Slater
and boarded a. north-bound Rock Island
train with him. It is thought here to
night that Slater is now In jail in Atchl
son.
The Santa Fe shopmen are determined
to lynch Slater when lie' Is broupht back
here for trial. They - have appointed a
large vigilance committee to be constantly
on the lookout and vow that Slater will
never leave Topeka alive. The Santa Fe
Fhopm'-n have a past record in cases of
tiiis kind. They lynched John Oliphant
twelve years ag.t for a like offense.
The County Jail, which the lynching
party visited in- search of Slater, is the
tame one in which Mrs. Nation is con
fined. Mr»=. Xaiion was much alarmed at
the ccurse of the evening's events, but
fear for herself did not once enter her
mind as far as outward appearances
went.
The Law Enforcement army met at
the First Christian Church to-night and
on hearing of the nrojected attack on the
jail immediately sent a message to Sheriff
Cook saying that 3-<0 from the Law En
forcement League would be on the spot
to help to protect me jail from the fury
of the mob. This evidence of loyalty on
tfie part of her follower! highly pleased
Mrs. Nation and she expressed her pleas
ure with them in unmeasured terms.
Mrs. Nation said that the action of the
law enforcement people proved that they
were just what they claim to be— people
anxious for the enforcement of law and
who would not endure the thought of a
lynching bcincr perpetrated here in To
peka. Mrs. Nation is pleased that the
officer? managed to get Slater away from
the fury of the mob so that he can re
ceive his punishment in the manner pre
scribed by law.
Kansas Prisoner Hurried
Away Before Gathering
of Lynchers.
ALERT SHERIFF
FOILS A MOB
NEW YORK, Feb. t 20.— The annual
meeting of the American Newspaper Pub
lishers' Association began hero to-day.
The. president. S. II.- Kauffman of the
Washington Star, presided, with W. G.
Bryant of the Brooklyn Times ns secre
lary. Among others present were W. D.
McLean. Philadelphia Bulletin; C. M. j
Palmer, St. Joseph News; A. A. McCor
mick, Chicago Times-Herald and Evening
Post; P. E. Whiting, Boston Herald;
Charles H. Taylor, Boston Globe; Frank
B. Koyes, Washington Star, president of
the Associated Press; C. H. Grasby, Bal
timore News; Victor F. Lawion, Chicago
hecord and Dally News; W. L. Deeming,
Columbus Dispatch, and Charles Rook,
llttsburg Dispatch.
A very important matter, which toolc up
a good part of the afternoon, was~the
question of arranging a scheme for arbi
tration In all labor disputes. This was
brought up In a report made by the spe
cial commissioner of the association, Col
cnel Frederick Driscoll. He referred to
the action of the International Typo
graphical Union, at Its annual meeting in
Milwaukee last summer, after whlcn a
special striding committee of the Pub
lishers' Association was appointed. This
committee Included Alfred Cowlea of the
Chicago Tribune, A. J. Lowensteln of the
St. Louis Star, • Merman Ridder of tfie
New York Staats Zeitung. and A. A. Me-
Cormick . of the Chicago Times-Herald.
This special standing committee held a
meeting in Chicago last November, Jointly
with the active committee! of. the Inter
national Typographical JLJnlon. At that
meeting- an agreement . was formulated
¦Which will require that all labor disputes
in the office of a member of the Publish
ers' Association shall be submitted to ar
bitration. The agreement provides for
local boards of arbitration from which
appeal may be taken to a national board.
It is provided, however, that the national
board shall not take evidence, except by
a^vote of a majority of: the board. Rec
ords and briefs arc to be submitted, with
either an agreed statement of facts, or a
properly, certified transcript of -evidence.
Tending the decision of appeals, ' work is
to be 'resumed and the award of the na
tional, board may cover the entire period
from the time the, issues were raised. - -
Th^ national board' is to be composed "of
the president of the International Typo
graphical Union and the commissioner of
the American Newspaper Publishers' ¦ As
sociation, who' In case of failure to agree
In any dispute shall name a third member
of the board. Expenses are to be borne
equally by, the two organizations. ;«
After Mr. Driscoll. the commissioner, for
the A.'^N. P. A., -had presented his report,
James ' M. Lynch, president of the I." T.
tj., said that, so far as he knew, all the
local unions were in favor of the agree
ment, which Is now being .voted on by
them. If the agreement . Is ratified '- by
both organizations. It .will go into effect
for one year. The association did. not
vote on the agreement to-day.
Newspaper Publishers Dis
cuss Plans to Settle La
tnr Troubles.
MANILA, Feb. 20. — At Pagsanjan.
province of -Laguna, yesterday, • Lieu
tenant-Vaughan. of. the,Thirty-seventh In
fantry : arrested i Fernando Rustan, j gen
eral'agent or" the Tabacaleria Company,
on.vtbe charge, of having,' aided the In
surgents. "Abundant documentary -evi
dence the prisoner has, It is as
serted ;' been secured. Rustan Is a' French
subject and a close' friend Cof the: \n
surg«nt general Callles; and : was to a'cer
tain extent associated -with, D..M. Car
man, the American contractor who „ was
recently taken> into. custody charged with
having furnished supplies -to ., the in
surgents. • * " ¦ V • ,.•¦¦'
The Tauacaierla Company Is said to be
further incriminated. . ¦' L v * ; .
It is learned that "' Rustan ¦ furnished the
Insurgents with- supplies and: information
concerning the American troops and: their
movements, as well as with. money. He
dealt directly with >¦ the" rebel general.
Cailles, who-has been operating continu
ally in the district east of Manila.
Mr. Webb, the bookkeeper of the Philip
pine Trading Company, has made a par
tial- confession to the extent that cer
tain Belgians residing in Manila and the
Bay Lake district were Implicated in the
plot of January 17 to kill Captain Jones,
commanding the American troops sta
tioned in the town of Bay.
Another force of insurgents will soon.be
deported to the island of Guam. Many
of the discouraged Insurgents In the prov
inces are coming In Individually and sur
rendering their guns.
Hilario Rubio, the alleged ringleader in
the Macabebes outrages, has been ar
rested in Manila for receiving much copra
for the insurgents.
At a conference held between the United
States Philippine Commission and W. L.
Lawshe. the new Auditor for the Philip
pine Islands, it was decided to establish
an office and. perfect plans for Increased
efficiency in the Auditor's department.
Brigadier General George W. Davis will
shortly take up the duties of provost
marshul of Manila, succeeding Brigadier
General J. Franklin Bell. who. as soon
as relieved, will proceed overland to
Vigan and there assume command of the
district of Northern Luion, commanded
for over a year by Major General S. M.
B. ..Young. ,
Captain Stern of the Thirty-sixth Vol
unteer Inf*»ntry has been appointed Col
lector of Licenses for the city of Manila,
to succeed Lieutenant Bishop. The col
lections from license In Manila alone
amount to $300,000 in gold a year.
The members of the new Federal party
are preparing to celebrate Washington's
birthday on a grand scale.
'Reports from the gold mining district
of Northern Luzon are lately more en
equraging. A nnd of $2T>0O in gold was re
cently made in a plngle pocket in Lepanto
Province, about 175 miles north of Manila.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila reported to the War De
partment to-day that the following deaths
have occurred since his last report:
Dysentery— Third Cavalry. Farrier Edward
Canavan; Hignal corps, Elmer Reelhorn; Twen
ty-flrst infantry. Corporal Michael McCue;
Twenty-fifth Infantry, Corporal Ernest A.
Bloanker; Forty-ninth Infantry. William Par
nell.
Died of wound* recelvd In action — Fifth In
fantry, William Heap*; Fortieth Infantry, John
Jaksap; Forty-sixth Infantry. Benjamin John
son. ¦ «
Typhoid fever — Eighth Infantry. Daniel Me-,
Cleer; Fourth Cavalry, William Boden; Forti
eth, Infantry, William R. Ford. - , » r .,>
Heart disease— Fortieth Infantry. Frank Ott:
hospital corpn«/Fr<Klerlck Schilling.
TubercuIoslB— tflnflteenth Infantry, .Gus, An
derson: Twenty-fourth Infantry. Homer Pat
ton: Thirty-fourth Infantry, Corporal Floyd
Dakln.
Malarial fever— Slrth Infantry, Charles Tol
key; Sixteenth Infantry. James A. McCarthy.
All other causp*— Fifth Infantry, Walter
Cooley; Forty-n«!venth Infantry, Samuel W.
Hutslar; Second Infantry, Corporal James H.
Wilson; Twenty-second Infantry, David T.
Crosslor; Thirty-fourth Infantry, John Wil
liams; hospital corp«. Charles M. Adams; Thlr
tfenth Infantry. David Loher; Thirty-fifth In
fantry. William Wells; Third Cavalry. Samurl
Robertson: First' Infantry, Stephen J. Jones;
Ninth Cavalry. James T. Times.
Drowned, body recovered— Thirty-third Infan
try. William WIcthera
ARBITRATION
THEIR REMEDY
The American Authorities • Declare
That the Prisoner Had Direct
Dealings With a Bebel
General.
Tabacaleria Company's Gen
eral Agent Is Arrested
in Luzon.
UNDER ARREST
FOR AIDING REBELS
There Will Be a Great Gathering of the
Newport Set at the Marriage of Per
cy Rockefeller and Miss Stillman
MANY MILLIONAIRES
TO ATTEND WEDDING
ARTISTIC EXHIBITS
AT CITRUS FAIR
Annual Exposition Begins at Cloverdele
and Prominent Men Speak on the
County's Orange-Growing Industry
HONOR FATHERS
OF THE NATION
Daughters of the Revolution
Laud the Republic's
Founders.
Funds for the Erection of a Conti
nental Sail Now Exceed
Sixty
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— After the prv-
llmlnary opening exercises at to-day's ses
sion of the National Society of the Daugh
ters of the American Revolution, a stir
was created when Mrs. Nesbeth of Mas
sachusetts presented a resolution to the
effect that the statements recently circu
lated attacking- the board of officers of
the D. a. R.. belnjr untrpe, Ubelous and
reflecting upon the honor of the organ
ization, should receive the disapproval of
the society. After some discussion the
resolution was laid upon the table.
Mrs. Dariel Manning presented her re
port as chairman of the committee on
the Continental Hall. The report showed
that from February 10. 1900. to February
10, 1901, there has been received toward
the fund $10,790. The fund now amounts
to $62,823. Continuing, the report says:
"Again, and for the last time. I urge
you to do your part toward this memo
rial of the men who counted no sacrlflco
too great for accomplishing our independ
ence. A building should be erected that
would be one of the finest halls In the
country, for It will represent 35.000 of tha
best women of America."
Mrs. Manning appealed to the members
of the congress to contribute two dollars
each. If this Is dor*, she said. $70,000 will
be raised. Contributions to a considerabla
amount were received for the Continental
Hall. Mrs. Donald McLean urged the
building of a permanent memorial hall.
She offered a resolution recommending
that a committee bo appointed to ascer
tain the minimum cost for which a site
can be secured and report the result of
its finding on the last day of the con
gres.*. It was adopted.
The President and Mrs. McKlnley ten
dered a reception this afternoon to the
Society of the Children of the American
Revolution, which was followed by a re
ception to the delegate? to the congress
of the Daughters of the American Revo
lution. There were about 130 children
present and many hundred delegates.
The receiving party, which Included th»
President and Mrs. McKinley, several
ladles of the Cabinet and the national
officers of the two societies, stood in the
blue parlor, which was handsomely decor
ated, as was the east room and the red
and green parlors. The full Marine Band
rendered a number of selections during
the progress of the reception.
The evenlnsr session wao devoted to th*
reading of the reports of the committee*
on Franco-American memorial revolu
tionary relics, the national university and
the desecration of the flag. The report
on the desecration of the tlag state that
twelve States had passed laws protecting
the American flag. Letters commending
the movement were read from Secretary
Hay, Vice Presldent-elovt Roosevelt. Sec
retary Root. Postmaster General Emory
Smith. Admiral Dewey and Archbishop
Ireland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, /THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21; 1901.
AM6NG THE EXHIBITS AT THE CLOVERDALE FAIR IS ONE REPRE
SENTING A SLEIGH IN THE SNOW. IT IS ATTRACTIVE. EVEN
AMONG PRODUCTS OF THE WARM BELT.
BANKER'S DAUGHTER AND OIL
MAGNATE'S SON, WHO ARE
SOON TO WED. v
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Curs a Cold • in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. "AH
diupglsts' refund the money It it falls' to cure
F: W. Grove's signature is on each Box. 25c. •
Persons who suffer from catarrh of the
head and throat- are 1 very susceptible to
I.a Grippe and such will find: a pleas&nt
convenient and safe remedy in this new
r,ata.rrh cure. . .
.; Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
entirely of harmless antiseptics and may
be used as freely as necessary, as thcy
contain no cocaine, opiate or poisonous
irue of any kind. ¦ ••• -- > •
The Rev. L. E. Palmer, Baptist clerev-
man of Cercsco. Mich.; makes a statement
of interest to all catarrh and grip suffe'r
era. He says: "Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have certainly been a blessing to me I
have used them freely this fall and winter
and have found them a safeguard against
La Grippe and catarrhal troubles froa*
which I had suffered for years. I feel t^at
I can freely and conscientiously recom-
mend them."
The first symptoms are those of acuto
catarrh, resembling a hard cold and if
prompt treatment Is applied at this time
it can easily be broken up. One of the
best remedies at this staffe is Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets, sold by drug K lsis every-
where, and If taken freely, say one tablet
every hour or two for two or three davs
the danger of pneumonia and serious com-
plications will be averted.
The G«rms of La Grippe Are Con-
t veyed Through the Atmosphere.
-No one can escape the La Grippe perm,
because when an epidemic of the disease
Jsprevailing the air is laden wjLh it.
- The reason every one does" not have' the
eisease at the Fame time is because the
persons who are enjoying perfect health
a * e w bl f 1° successfully resist and throw
Off the infection, while those who for-ariy
reason are not in the best of health fall
ready victims.
IN THE AIR.
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
IS TO TREAT IT ANTISEPTICXY
The only way to do this is with the Cottln*
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented tay *• . .'- . nted
DR. COTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR. gps^gTHROAT and LUjjo
204 Sutler St., NW. Cor. of Kearny
• FREE— Absolutely free Examination and on«
week's treatment given to convince you uf th»
, superior merit of this new treatment. JO0O test
j cases. 95 per cent cured. Try It FREE and be
ccnvlaceA wtile you can. Call at once or writ*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. fcice, the Well-Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Freo to AIL .
Dr. W. S. Rice. «8 W. Main st.. Adams, 'JT.
T.. ¦will send free to any one who la ruptured
or knows of any per«on ruptur*3. whether a,
man, woman or child, a. rree trial of hla fa-
V- # . -.' MR. R. W. TOUREX.
meaa home cure. It l-j a marvelous methoij.
curing cases that defied hospitals, doctors,
trusses, electricity and all else. Merely send
your name and address and the free trial will
be sent without any cost to you whatever.
r. ~w. Yourex. a well-known commercial trav-
eler, was ruptured ten years, tried every truss
on the market, partly made up his mind to
undergo the danger ot *n operation, when by
the in-eatest of good luck he tried the Dr. Rica
method. He U now cured.
Mr. Yourex says: "I tried T>r. RJce's method
and It cured me. I did not lose a day on th«
road. Hundreds of merchants and friends In
Illinois. Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa know
the wonderful fact that thla remarkable
method cured me and t certainly feel thankful
enouich to tell other ruptured people how they
may profit by my experience." Mr. Yourex
lives In Cedar Rapids, Iowa, at J22H First
avenue. -.¦¦; ¦
Every ruptured person ought to send at one*
and make a trial of this method that cures
without pain, dancer, operation or an hour's
loss of time. Begin now and In a short tlma
you will n-ver know you had beeo ruptured.
Write to-day sure.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fsiieen Days
"Cran-SolteiifdlMolTesStrlctcrelUe snow t«-
¦Mtb the sun. reduces Knlarged Prostate an4
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Ural as aoi
(missions In Fifteen Days.
Ho drnn to ruin the stomach, but » direct local
aad positive application to tbe entire nreibraltracv
Qran-BoWent Is not a liquid. 1; Is prepared is
the form of Crayons or Pencil*, smooth and floxl&l*-
tad so narrow as to pasa the closest Strlcturaw
Every Man Should Know Himself.
VM 81 James Assn.. Box S3*. Cincinnati, O.. bm
aw tared at rrtnt expense an e t tun«- r H T T f
rrtt Illustrated Treatise upon tbe m.i'.e LULL I
ttitem. which th*» wiU send to an* | J| V.C I
ST JAMFS ASSN 23 <> elm st.,
31. JAJ1C3 A33fl., Cincinnati; Ohto.
Of l^S,* 11^ Si Dr 2rWk
n.Kaa X J p, W
SiO -Slfe- RUPTURE CURED
T^iTra^Kkta. toe TEM DOLLARS.
SSV&*.« t-jg^i* '-a i>?%'<£ Thousands have been cutM
y?y£Sfe%gu*>^f -*Wt ->• at their o\vnhoint s » for this
sjf-*NRi"*£| small price. Oreatett In.
* '¦ y^y vcntlono* the-Age. Secnr.
XsPss I v ..%^' tty and comfort to thernp.
turet. No worthless salve*
Jy'>" _ j-iy-'-jt^jSI or lotions to rub en. It doe*
*\ \>/ «' >S>* the work. Investigate!
"B«o»l»t V«. 1** giving full Information niai><l. linmeiU-
«telv on receipt m "ta.-i ip and this advt- C.xW or addre*a
¦AttSETIC T88S3 CO, «• *«kei »trtt«, SAN FIAflCISCQ.STATESMEN IN ACTION AT SACRAMENTO.
The first changes appear under date of
August 1, 1SDI, and the last on January U.
1SK.
It appears that the records were falsi
fied by credit being taken for payments to
the State Treasurer greater In amount
than were actually made. In some cases
this was accomplished by taking credit
twice for one payment, while In other
cs.ses the first entries were changed so as
to Increase the amounts.
SALEM, Or.. Feb. 20.— The speciat com
mittee appointed by the Legislature to
examine the books of the State Land Of
fice to-day reported that a defalcation of
$30,000 had been discovered in that de
partment, the shortage having occurred
In 1S94 and when George W. Davis handled
the school funds.
Records at Salem Falsified
During Administration
of G. W. Davis.
DEFALCATIONS
IN LAND OFFICE
The only way to convince your neighbor
of your mental depth is to show him that
your views coincide with his.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
1TENTO. Feb. 20.— The Governor's health
bills. Assembly b'.lis iZ% and EoS, were
parsed this afternoon with scarcely a
ripple of opposition.
In their amended form they received
the support of several members who had
previously been strongly epposed to them,
and In consequence of these defections
from their forces, the Republicans of the
opposition saw the hopelessness of their
contest and pave up tbe fight.
Assembly bill SiS was passed by a vote
of oO ay ps to 16 noes. Bill 553 received 54
eyes and 14 noes.
port of Bepublicans "Who Had
Opposed Tliem.
GOVEUXOB'S HEALTH
BILLS ABE PASSED
In Amended Form They Receive Sup-
Fontua'i letter was the signal for re
re-wec efforts to pap? the bill. Alden
Anderson Epolc- forcibly in its favor, as
tending to secure the honest marking of
California fruits, end thus protect those
who place their coods on the market
¦without misrepresentation. Greer said
that the opposition of the canners syn
dicate enly showed the deflrabllity of the
hflL At rrtscnt a cannery belonging to
the syndicate can get from another can
nery fruit necessary to fill Its orders, in
case difficulty nas been met in securing
th« local fruit. This substituted fruit is
falseiy labeled and works an injury to
the groTveTs ar.d the community. Duryea
and Melick e'.«?o Fpoke for the bill. An
amendment offered by Johnson, the ef
fect of -which was to rxempt canners
from the provisions cf the bill, was de
feated.
On final passage but four votes were
caft tga-inst. t ho bill.
Prohibits Talsaly Harking or Label
ing Boxes, Barrels or Packages
Containing Fruit.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
:.;nXTO. Feb. 10.— Currier's Senate bill
15. to prohibit the falsely marking-.
branding or labeling- of boxes, packages
<->r barrels containing fruit, was passed
by U» Assembly this afternoon sfter a
long oebate. Sutro. Schillig. Johnson and
Dualap opposed it. and a letter was read
from President Pontana of the California
<"&r.r.ers' Association urging the defeat of
the bill.
ASSE^ffBLT PASSES
THE CANNING BILL
There has been BO intimation of thf
personnel of the committee, but the
logritMl chairman can be no other than
}?e!sha\v, chairman at the Committee on
I"r:s-.>ns. proposer of the resolution and
a hold-over Senator. The committee may
>:oi be appointed until toward the close
ot the session.
Such comtr:itte* is hereby authorized and
fHri'Tcd to employ ruck clerics and steno
graphers as la ttn-ir Judgment shall be n«rces-
Ojry.
Th» Superintendent of State Printing is
hereby directed to print euch matters as *uch
committee may require, at any time. Said
committee shall be entitled to and receive,
payable out of ths contingent fund of the Pen
b'.r-, t-u'-h 5-cs as may be necessary to defray
their nect-sfary traveling expenses end to pay
tbe r>rkf snd ethnographer employed by them
undpr cr.d by virtue of this resolution.
Resolved, that the President cf the Senate
1* hereby authorized and empowered to ap
point a committee of three hold-over Senators,
which ccrsrtuttee shall visit and Investigate
the arTa!r« cf tr.e State prisons at San Quentin
and Fclsom. both as to business matters and
msna^cnifnt of the aforesaid institutions, and
fball make a report thereon to the thirty-fifth
6*$sio3 of the Lepi.«lature. Said committee Is
hereby authorized ani eirpowered to do any
kr-.i a:I things necessary to make a full and
complete investigation as above mentioned,
fcsd Is hereby authorized to send for persons
and papers, to administer ocths, to examine
witnessr-s snd to compel their attendance and
to do ail other things necessary for a full and
complete nnestisatson.
The repcrt contained a resolution pro
viding: for the appointment cf a commit
tee of holdover Senators, -whose duty It
chall be to investigate the affairs of the
two prisons and ;o ;iiake a report to the
next Legislature. Ti.e resolution is as
follows:
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— By vote of the Senate
to-day the firft step toward the thorough
Investigation of the two State prisons of
California was taken. Belshaw*" report
from the Prison Committee came up for
action and withou:. debate or dissenting
vote It was passed.
pointment of a Committee Passes
in the Senate.
Belshaw's Bill Providing for Ap-
POB HTVXSTTGATIOX
OF THE STATE PRISONS
Whereas. Th« x>eople and government of the
f-tste of California, are ready asd willing to do
their full ftare toward the preservation of said
prove as a park and public resort for nature
itscr «--d r'easure: and
T^'herea*. W« feel fully Justified in to Adr.g
because cf the known deslrea of the people we
represert: therefor* be it ,-
Resolved, By the AEserr.b'.y cf the State of
"Whereas, TJ.e sa!d rrove is of Incalculable
tlstcric&l. *c:er.t!fli and scer.ic value, not only
to California, but to the United States and the
Wh»rea». The Ser.ate cf the tTnlted State* has
recently passed an ac-t having for Its object the
purchase or ccnierr.naticn cf the Calaveras S«-
Qucla Grove, vfelcb act 1» r.cw under considera
tion by the Hobm cf Rerreser.tatlves;
Whereas. Instruction of saJd erove is threat-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 6ACRA
MENTO, Feb. rx— T;:« Committee on
Federal Relations presented to the As-
Eernbly this rr.crr.lr.g the following Joint
resolutions :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California the Senate concurrinp. that we
pledge the government and the people of the
State of California. In the event of the passage
by Congress of aa act mi»klns an appropriation
fcr the rurchare or cor.domnatlcn of the Cala
verae Sequoia Grove, to assume the manage
ment and expense of the maintenance and pro-
Resolved, Th*t our Senators are instructed
and our Representatives in Congress are re
quested to aFsure the Congress of the United
States that the State of California will assume
euch mar.ae*n-.ent and expense, and make all
necessary ai trnpriaticiis therefor.
Resolved, That hl» Excellency. Henry T.
Gap», Governor of California, Is hereby re
quested to te>graph a copy of these resolutions
to Hon. Thotr.es K. Bard. United States Sena
tor from California, for rre»*ntation to the
P*n9te and House of Representatives and the
ir.eir.berB of the Cor.gresa at Washington.
The resolutions were immediately adopt
ed and ordered transmitted to the Senate.
A similar resolution, but not so compre
hensive, from the Senate was referred to
The Committee on Federal Relations
Amendment Offered by Brown of San
CODE REVISION BIIX
IS AGAIN DISCUSSED
Mateo Adopted and the Ques
tion Reopened.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— The Code Revision bill.
CSC. was under discussion in the Assembly
this morning, under the head of unfin
ished business.
iT h . e w vex _, ed •luestion of whether there
shall be discussion and amendment, or.
on the other hand, the Code Revision
bills shall be passed in the present form
amendments to be made later in the form
of separate bills, was again under debate.
Johnson. Brown, of San Meteo; Sheridan
and Laird argued for the privilege of
amendment, while Fisk and Treadwell
held such a course to be Impracticable
and certain to lesult In the death of the
bills.
Johnson took occasion to make a sar
castic speech directed arainst what he
called the sacredness of the code bills.
An amendment by Brown of San Mateo
provoked long discussion. In effect it
substituted Assembly bill +00. relating to
attachments for section 91 of the bill. The
amendment is,modpled on the New York
law on attachments. It was adopted, but
the ¦whole question was opened up aprain
thh? afternoon on a motion by Stewart of
Amador to reconsider. The motion pre
vailed, but action on the amendment was
prevented by the arrival of. the hour for
recess.
MEADOW LARK BILL
PASSES ASSEMBLY
As Amended It Affords the Songsters
Little More Protection Than,
They Now Enjoy.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— The meadow lark bill
passed the Assembly at to-nighfs ses
sion.
An amendment by Sutro striking out
the words of Anderson's amendment
ador>ted on second reading- of the bill was
lost. The bill as passed permits the kill
ing of meadow larks when grain or ber
ries or fruit is being destroyed. In the
opinion of many it affords the songsters
very little more protection than thev novi
have.
Ralston's bill reducing the salary of the
Debris Commissioner to $500 per year was
passed, also Ray's bill for a Yosemlte
road, transferring the Mariposa road fund
to a fund for that purpose. Greer's bill
for a Sacmmento-Folsom road was
passed, but there is every reason to be
lieve it will be held up by the Senate, in
view of the antagonistic attitude taken
by the Finance Committee toward all
road bills.
ANOTHER JUDGE FOR
ALAMEDA COUNTY
Henry E. Melvin Is Said to Be Slated
for the Appoint
ment.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— The Alameda County
delegation caucused to-day and agreed to
support a bill providing for an additional
Superior Judge for that county.
The vote on the matter stood 4 to 2,
Matlock opposing the measure and Fos
ter declining to vote on account of lack
of information as to the need of an addi
tional Judge.
The bill was introduced during the
morning session by Leavitt In the Senate
and by Kelley In the Assembly.
By its provisions the place is to be rilled
by appointment by the Governor until the
next election. It is said that Henry E.
Melvin Is slated for the appointment.
STATE MAY BE DIVIDED
INTO GAME DISTRICTS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— Sutro introduced in tha
Assembly this morning 1 a constitutional
amendment adding a new section to arti
cle IV of the consil'ution. as follows:
The Legislature may provide for the
division of the State into fish and cany
districts and may enact such laws for
thf- protection of tich and game therein
as it may deem appropriate to the re-
Fiwtive districts.
The proposed amendment was also In
troduced in the Senate by Belshaw.
Beady for the Inquisitors.
CALL . HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— Captain Wittman. De
tective Wren and Joseph V. Coffey came
up from San Francisco to-night to be
ready to appear at the bar of the Assem
bly at noon to-morrow on the citation for
contempt for the Issuance of the Cram
subpena during: the police investigation.
Chief of Police Sullivan, being still In
quarantine for diphtheria, did not come to
appear with his companions In trouble.
Resolution Calling ' the Attention of
Congress to the Value of the Grove
in Calaveras County Is Adopted
ASSEMBLYMEN URGE
PURCHASE OF BIG TREES
REPUBLICAN SENATORS IN CAUCUS AGREE ON APPORTIONMENT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY lil, 1901.
When a poor, man wants assistance the
world Is always ready to oblige , him'— to
keep on wanting. . .
ALBANY. Or.. Feb. 20.— John Gates, as
sistant janitor at the Statehouse In Salem,
was 'arrested here to-day, on a charge of
larceny " of $1500. - The warrant • was sworn
to ¦ by : H.'; L. Gill of Woodburn; Thirteen
one-hundred dollar LIlls were found upon
his-person: : He was lodged In Jail" here
and to-morrow > will be - taken ¦- to Salem.
Chief of Police Glbscn of Salem says there
Is a mystery about the case, as the com
plaining ; witness declines to state in what
manner the money was stolen.' «
Charged With Larceny.
STOCKTON. Feb. 20.— Lieutenant Gov
ernor J. H. Neff. rrand master of ' the
Grand of Royal and Select Mas
ters, and a number of vlstlors from San
Francisco and Sacramento visited Stock
ton Council to-night/ It was a large Ma
sonic jrathcrlng.
Masonic Gathering at Stockton.
CAT.!., HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20.— By resolution of Mutn>
ter another Junket was arranged I>y the
Senate ; to-day, this time to the State
Hospital at Ukiah. By Muenter'u reso
lution Laird. Smith of Los Angeles and
Muenter, of the Committee on Hospital.*,
and Luchsjlnger. McNutt and Greenwell.
of the Finance Committee, and Caldwell.
unattached, were allowed to take the
Ukiah trip. Later, by resolution of Nel
son, Majrgard, Bettman and Nelson, of
the Health Committee, were added to the
Junket. .
Junk«t to Ukiah.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Inter
national, arbitration as a means of settle
ment of the Venezuelan asphalt dispute Is
proposed to the Government by the New
York and Bermudez Company In a brief
filed to-day with Acting Secretary of
State Hill. This brief is presented by
John D. Lindsay, a New York lawyer. It
Is recited in the brief that the vested
rights of the Xew York and Bermudez
Company were acquired, legitimately and
are matters of record in the Venezuelan
courts. They have been repeatedly con
firmed by the Venezuelan courts and au
thorities until now, when President Castro
nullities all these preceding and existing
contracts < and rights and disobeys the
laws: of his own: country. Under these
circumstances, it is declared, it would be
idle to appeal, for redress to the : Vene
zuelan court. The President has overid
den"their- former decrees : and would as
readily; override . their; future ones. ...
Sp«;lal Dispatch to The Call.
An examination, of the window- showed
that a brick bound in cloth had been
hurled' through th« glass. A chain, on
either end of which was a hook, had been
looped over, the door and attached to the
door casing. Two police officers, who
were standing near by, heard the crash
and one of them .sa,w the thief as he
darted into an alley next to the Olympic
Block. . The thief escaped through a
basement stairway leading Into. a saloon
and Into an ' ad joining street.
•While the proprietor of the Chicago
Loan Office was closing his establishment
the thief hurled a brick through a large
plate glass window, grabbed several hun
dred dollars' worth of diamond rings and
made his escape In the darkness. The
proprietor was . powerless I to offer resist
ance, owing to the fact that the robber
took the precaution to bar the door from
the outside, effectively circumventing any
attempt at interference from within.
SEATTLE, Feb. 20.— A daring diamond
robbery occurred at 10 o'clock to-night In
the heart of the business district of the
city, under the glare of the electric lights
and in the presence of two policemen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Some of the families of the dead . min
ers are In distress, -particularly that of
William Sneddon. who when killed ; wa3
going down to get his tools before going
to Welllnifton to bury his child. The let
ter telling him of ¦ his child's .death , also
advised/ him that his family was In want.
CUMBERLAND. B. C. Feb. 20.— Four
more bodies were brought up from the
mine to-night. They are those of James
Hallidw and Vlncenzo Crosettl and a Chi
nese and a Japanese. The four bodies
were found lying on fallen timbers, as
thoujrh the victims had been killed by th«
afterdamp while In the act of crawling
over the cave.
Both' men were married, Halllday leav
ing a widow and daughter at Lethbridge,
X. W. T., and Crosettl, a widow and fam
ily at Turin. Italy. -'"¦'/- ¦
The bodies of Fleck, llunro. Bardlsonl
and their helpers will. soon be found.
To-day has been given over for the most
part <o funerals, which are taking place
every hour or two. There have been-seven
in all. the Hrst occurring at S a. m. This
was that of Dan Mclnnes, whose body
w*s followed to the cemetery by, the'Or
ajige Lodge. Then at 9 a. m. the body of
a Japanese was followed by his country
men to the grave, and at 11 a. m. the
same men went again to the cemetery be
hind the remains of another Japanese. At
1 p. m. the Welshmen of the community
followed the body of Dave M; Davis to
his last resting place, and at 2 p. m. two
Chinese were given a double funeral. At
4 p. rri. another Japanese was burled. AH
day the -fire hall, which has been turned
into a morgue, was the starting place of
funerals. - - . - . v :, •¦*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINE VICTIMS
ARE LAID TO REST
DARING THEFT
OF DIAMONDS
Asphalt Company in
Favor of Interna
tional Arbitra
tion.
TO SETTLE
DISPUTE IN
VENEZUELA
The Alameda delegation met In caucus
this afternoon and decided upon the re
apportionment lines of. the Assembly and
Senatorial districts of the county. The
new Senatorial district Is to be formed by
grouping Murray, Washington and Eden
townships. The additional Assembly dis
trict is given to Berkeley, in the main,
the northern ends of the two districts
extending Into Berkeley being cut off and
joined into a new district. Alameda
gains also, being given a district to itself,
Brooklyn being put In with the Seventh
"Ward of Oakland. Foster's district.
The I-os Angeles delegation decided In
caucus to-day upon the reapportlonment
lines of that county. The reapportlon
ment is figured upon the basis of nine
Assemblymen and five Senators, an In
crease of three In the former and two in
the latter. \
Twentieth Senatorial— Thirty-third and Thlr
ty-fourth Assembly.
Twenty-first Senatorial— Thirty-seventh and
Thirty-eighth Assembly.
Twenty-second Senatorial — Thirty-ninth and
Fortieth Assembly.
Twenty-third Senatorial — Thirty-sixth and
Forty-second Assembly.
Twenty-fourth Senatorial— Forty-third and
Forty-fourth Assembly.
Twenty-fifth Senatorial — Forty-first and For
ty-flfth Assembly.
To make the Senatorial districts the
Assembly districts are coupled up in this
way: x
Seventeenth Senatorial — Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth Assembly.
Eighteenth Senatorial— Thirtieth and Thirty
first Assembly.
Nineteenth ¦ Senatorial— Thirty-second and
Thlrty-flfth Assembly.
Forty-fifth— Starting at Broadway and the
bay. along Broadway to Taylor, to the bay and
to Broadway.
Forty-fourth— Starting at Market and the
bay, along Market, to Mason, to Broadway, to
the bay and to Market.
Fcrty-thlrd— Starting at Jones and Market,
along Jones to Ellis, to Hyde, to Broadway,
to Mason, to Market and to Jones.
Forty-second— Starting at Market and Polk,
along PolU to Grove, to Van Ness, to Broad
way, to Hyde, to Ellis, to Jones, to Market
and to Polk.
nue, to Washlngtonj to Lyon. to the bay and
to Taylor.
Forty-flr*t— Starting at Taylor and the bay,
along- Taylor to Broadway, to Van Ness ave-
Fortieth— Starting at Geary and Van New
avenue, along Geary to Baker, to Washington,
to Van Ness avenue and to Geary.
Thirty-ninth— Starting at Lyon and the bay,
along Lyon to Washington, to Baker, to Geary,
to Masonic avenue, to Fulton, to Stanyan. to
Frederick, to Clayton, to Eighteenth, to Cole,
to Lincoln avenue, to Twenty-fifth, to Fowler,
to Corbett road, to Ocean read, to the Pa
cific Octan and back to Lyon.
Thirty-eighth— Starting at Van Ness avenue
and Grove, along Grove to Octavla. to Fulton,
to Maoonic avenue, to Geary, to Van N>ra
avenue and to Grove.
Thirty-seventh — Starting- at Octavla and Mar
ket, along Market to Thirteenth, to Buena
Vista avenue, to Frederick, to Stanyan, to
Fulton, to Octavla and to Market.
Thirty-sixth — Starting at Seventeenth and
Howard, along Seventeenth to Church, to Thir
teenth, to Market, to Octavla, to Grove, to
Polk, to Market, across Market to Tenth, to
Howard and to Seventeenth.
Thirty-fifth— Starting at Army and Howard,
along Army, to Church, to Seventeenth, to
Howard, to Army.
Thirty-fourth — Starting at Guerrero and
Army, along Guerrero, to Twenty-eighth, to
Fqwler, to Twenty-fifth, to Lincoln avenue, to
Cole, to Eighteenth, to Clayton, to Frederick,
to Buena Vista avenue, to Thirteenth, to
Church, to Army and to Guerrero.
Thirty-third— Starting at San Bruno road and
the county line, alone San Bruno road, to
Army, to Guerrero, to Twenty-eighth, to Fow
ler, to Oorbett road, to Ocean avenue, to the
ocean, to the county line and to San Bruno
rond.
Thirtieth— Starting at Market and Sixth,
along Market to Tenth, to Howard, to Elev
enth, to Bryant, to Sixth, to Market.
Thlrty-flrst— Starting at Uryant and the bay,
along Bryant to Eleventh, to Howard, to
Twentieth, to the bay and back to Bryant.
Thirty-second— Starting at Twentieth and the
bay, along Twentieth, to Howard, to Army, to
San Bruno road, to the county line, thence to
the bay and back to Twentieth.
Twenty-ninth — Starting at Market and
Fourth, along Market to Sixth, to Bryant, to
Third, to Folsom, to Fourth, to Market.
Twenty-eighth— Starting at the water front,
alons Market to Fourth, to Polsom. to Third,
to Bryant, to the bay and back to Market.
ably meet with but little change. It was
drawn up by William Rickard. clerk of
the delegation. The Assembly districts
are:
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAC- i
RAMEXTO. F;t>. 20.— Instead of '
taking up the apportionment tJ.
this evening's session the Repub
lican Senators considered the
question In caucus, and there they agreed
on a plan that seemed satisfactory to all
concerned.
The Eighth Congressional District has
been changed by the latest plan so as to
include Tulare and Kings, which takes
away from the proposed Sixth District a
Democratic majority of 600. The first dis
trict was agreed upon as including both
Butte and Mendocino counties, and the
caucus adjourned to allow some work to
be done upon the sentiments of the Santa
Clara people so as to persuade them to go
in with the Sixth District.
Santa Clara wants to be with San
Mateo and the southern half of Sam Fran
cIfco, and there must be some earnest
persuasion before an agreement putting
that county into the Sixth District can be
reached. In case Santa Clara goes Into
the Sixth, then the southern part of San
Francisco, San Mateo and Santa Cruz
will make the Fifth.
Assembly apportionment was gone Into
far enough to decide to make a single As
sembly district of Tulare and Kings.
The bill, which gave each of them one
also took one from Sacramento, so when
the two are consolidated It leaves an As
semblyman unaccounted for, and so Sac
ramento will get back her coveted legls-.
lator.
There will be another caucus to-mor
row, when the fate of Santa Clara will be
decided upon, and to-morrow night the
whole subject will come before the Sen
ate.
The San Francisco delgations from both
Senate and Assembly caucused this even
ing and the following plan of Assembly
and Senatorial districts was submitted.
It met with general favor and will prob-
SACRAMENTO COUNTY WILL GET
BACK ITS COVETED LEGISLATOR
It is reported on reliable authority that
Judge Dale of the District Court to-dajT
made a statement that the minister* of
churches shall have no Immunity from
arrost.so far as his court Is concerned If
thev use language calculated to Incite a
riot, even thoneh such language may be
used In the pulpit.
The Indications are that there will be
a bitter legal tight over the trial. The at
torneys for the defense will insist that
they be granted a change of venue on ac
count of the alleged prejudice of Judge
Hazen.
Mrs. Nation Is yet In the County Jail-
She refused an offer of bonds from her
brother, J. V. Moore, of Kansas City.
WIXFIELD. Kans., Feb. 20.— Noon to
day wa3 the time set by the crusaders
for the Jolntists of Winfield to close their
places on pain of having them demol
ished. The temperance people, however,
accepted a report of Mayor Bright *and
a committee of business men. who went
through the buildings vacated by the
jointlsts, that all had quit business, and
Issued a statement that hostilities would
cease until it could be seen whether the
Mayor would keep the Joints closed. By
this act it 13 believed that serious trouble
has been avoided, at least for the time
* Large crowds gathered on the streets
to-day waiting for "something to hap
pen" and the Marshal deputized several
dozen men to keep order and prevent any
attempt at saloon smashing. The people
were dispersed without trouble and the
day passed off quietly. Two Jolntists who
engaged in Saturday's tussle were arrest
ed and held on a charge of assault with
intent to kill. The County Attorney has
demanded the assistance of the city of
ficials in enforcing the law against liquor
selling. -Mayor Albright has arousexl
much Wttor feeing by referring to the
temperance people as "religious cranks."
WICHITA. Kans., Feb. 20.— A definite
plan has been formed here in case of a
raid on the saloons In the nighttime,
which Is expected to take place at any
moment, to call out the fire department
to reinforce the inadequate police service.
For, the purpose of quelling a riot the
firemen will be permanently clothed with
the authority of policemen, with power
to deputize citizens, at next Monday
night's Council meeting, and until then
it is understood that they have tempo
rary authority to make arrests. There
are twenty-six men In the fire department
so located that some of them can reach
any saloon In town within three minutes.
"1 would prefer to try a man on this
charge rather than a woman," said Judge
Hazen. "You may call a special venire
if you wish and I think it will be neces
sary. I expect to try only this one case."
Miss Madeline Southard and Mrs. Crist.
v:ho have been with Mrs. Nation In the
County Jail, gave bonds for $300 each
and were released. One of the signers
of the bonds was Edward Wilder, treas
urer of the Atchison Railway.
Stark Is charged with participating In
the raid on Murphy's Joint Sunday morn
ln<». He is employed in a hardware store
here. Stark's lawyer requested that his
client's case also go over for this term.
"I see. that If the cases go over until the
next term of court it will be difficult to
get a Jury. It will be better to settle 'the
point of law now. I shall call the case
against Stark on Monday morning."
Captain J. G. Waters, one of the attor
neys for the defense, asked that the cases
all be postponed until the next terra of
court: Judge Hazen said:
"Your Dishonor. I am incapable of try
ing my case this afternoon, as 1 have been
poisoned by cigarette smoke in the Coun
ty Jail. I want to see how the other cases
are tried, anyway."
The feature of tue hearing' thl3 afier
noon was the way In which Mrs. Nation
enlivened the proceedings. The dignity
hedging the judicial bench has no more
terrors for her than the commonest Joint.
She seems to treat both joints and courts
with utter contempt. She arose several
times to address the court and each time
called him "your Dishonor." When asked
if she were ready for trial, Mrs. Nation,
who acts as her own attorney, said:
„ TOPEKA. Kans.. Feb. 20.— Judge Hazen
of the District Court to-day continued the
case of Mrs. Carrie Nation, charged with
smashing Murphy's Joint, until the April
term of court. The cases against Dr. Eva
Harding. Mrs. Rose Crist. Miss Madeline
Southard, Mrs. Chad wick and C. R. Mc-
Dowell were also continued.
JAIL SATISFIES
THE "SMASHER"
Mrs. Carrie Nation Declines
Offer of a Bond for
Her Release.
Said Commissioners shall Immediately enter
upon the discharge of tfaelr duties, and shall
have power, subject to the approval of tho
State Board of Education, to revise such text
books as are now in use. In whole or in part,
to compile such other or additional textbooks
or books as they may deem necessary or proper
for the use of the common schools throughout
the State, or to purchase, contract for or lease
copyrights, engravings, plates and other mat
ter of similar character, for the purpose of
procuring & first-class, uniform series of text
books for use In all the common schools of the
State of California; they shall have power to
prescribe and enTorce the use of a uniform
series of textbooks and a course of study in
all the public schools, and to adopt a list of
books and apparatus for supplementary u«e
and for district school libraries, subject to the
The commission provided is composed
of one commissioner appointed for a term
of four years by* the Governor, and two
more, one of whom shall be the Stata
Superintendent of Public Instruction and
the other the Superintendent of State
Printing, both of whom shall serve on the
commission by virtue of their offices. The
appointed commissioner Is allowed a sal
ary of $2000 a year and the commission is
allowed to appoint a secretary at a salary
of $2400 a year. The appointed commis
sioner is required to file a. bond of $5OuO.
The duties of the commission are set
forth In the following paragraph of the
CA1,L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 20.— In pursuance of the re
cent action of the State educational au
thorities Senator L*»avitt has introduced
a bill providing for a "State textbook
commission." defining its duties and pro
viding for it an appropriation of $10,000
and a permanent revenue from the sale
of the books compiled by the commission.
The subjects upon which the commis
sion is authorized to compile* textbooks
are set forth in the bill as follows:
Reading: writing, orthography, language
lessons, English grammar, arithmetic,
geography, history of the United States,
physiology, hygiene, vocal music, elements
of bookkeeping, industrial drawing, word
analysis and civil government.
The bill provides lurther that 5 per cent
of the sale of textbooks each year shall
be devoted to the expenses Incurred by
the commission under the provisions of
the act. This means that after the $10,00)
appropriated to start the commission on
Its work has been expended the expenses
of the commission shall be borne by the
addition to th<* price of the books suf
ficient to pay for the copyrighted matter
which they contain. It is provided also
that once a textbook has been compiled
and adopted It shall be in force at least
ten years, provided that in the meantime
the commission may revise the book If It
sees fit. Also that :»11 mechanical work
done upon State textbooks shall be done
by the Superintendent of State Printing.
approval of the State Board of Education; and
as soon as any t«xlbnok or books shall have
b*«n compiled, adopted and printed, ready for
distribution. It shall be the duty of each
County Superintendent of Schools to order and
purcbate a sufficient quantity thereof to give
at least one copy to each school tn the county
In which he is Superintendent: and payment
therefor shall be made out of any moneys ap
propriated for the school library funds or any
other fund that may b« available for library
purposes.
By the terms of this paragraph the
work of the commission Is placed under
the direction and control of the State
Board of Education. It also limits the
work of the commission to textbooks for
the common schools.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leavitt * Introduces a Bill in Accord-'
ance With the Recent Action of
the State Educational Authorities
COMMISSION TO SELECT
SCHOOL TEXTBOOKS
3
feeds and strengthens tbe nerves, £irea zest to tbe appe-
tite, tone to the digestion and builc3 up the vital power to
resist attacks of disease. ;;,.'.
Sold cv druennsts on a cuar^stce. uz. xulss xiedical. Co.. Elkbarti loci.
Is tnat subtle influence that makes each organ of the body
able and active in maintaining health. It is only another name for
nerve-force. That is why such disorders as neuralgia, headache,
backache, indigestion, vrorry, irritable temper and loss of sleep,
that depress the spirits and weaken the nerves, also destroy the
vitality. To maintain your vital power and resistive strength see
to it that the nerves are strong and healthy.
VI was troubled with female weakness, dizzy and
finking spells and was nervous, Seepless, and confined to ¦
m 7 bed about half of * he time. After doctorin g for many
months without petting any relief I bought a bottle of Dr.
Miles' The second day I could eat well and that
night I slept soundly until morning— the first time in
sunv weeks. Six bottles cured me."
* Mas. Louisa O'Neal Ripley, Ills
ADVEETISEStENTa
The SZnggi&e&B*
Leaning from the cab window does more
with his ears than his eyes. The " rum-
ble and grumble and roar" of his engine
are to him articulate speech, and a false
r note in that jum-
PMT3^sSy^Nc*r~' N \ _ would catch his
I iw^jj^ivN car as quickly as
ralfoWi^r^^ a d'' scor d would
B^»ri^Iti^t\x strike the ear of
r He tSnka mors
I»SmBh^1^\\i °' *" s engine than
gjjj^l^j^OT^Af-pg himself. That is
Ew5a%J7 fc'-'-'V r vV« notice symp-
toms which are
Srf?^[P?<2vl *) [S The foul tongue,
<y(V sour risings, and
1 si \F- Sv undue fullness af-
I alrfi InSi^^ **-' tcr eat " 2 S are ut
liyiifly^^^i" symptoms of dys-
X^h^hgr^ }\f peps:a or some
/ / /* * on a of disease in-
* volving the stotn-
/S^^^ flcli and or?3ns o*
digestion and nu-
trition. In time the heart, liver, lungs,
or other organs are involved and the
engineer has to lay off.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases oftthe stomach and organs
of digestion and> nutrition. It purifies
the blood and builds up the body with
sound healthy flesh.
"I ns*d ten bottles of Dr. Pterce'» Golden
Medical Discovery and several vials of bis * Pleas-
ant Pellet* ' a year azo this spring, and have had
no trouble with inai<re<<tion since," writes Mr.
W. T. Thompson, of Townseod. Broadwater Co..
Montana. "Words fail to tell how thankful I
am for the relief, as I had scSi-red no much and
it sermed that the doctors could do me no good.
I got down in weight tr> 125 pounds, and was not
able to wort: at all. Now I weigh lfio and can
do a day's work on the farm. I have recom-
mended yonr medicine to several, [ and *ha"
always have a good word to say for Dr. Pierce
and his medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets rare con-
stipation.
: 4
Sj la only possible «hea year
n feet are on the pedals, ana behind the pcdils
J MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
B A&is en i hundred per cent, to the pl-uur- of !
j Uj cycling. So! i ty all dialer*. Booklet ir-e.
l» Eclipse tM%. Co.. M-mafac'rs, Csan. N.T. ft
For s&Ie by al) dealers la bicycles
¦ nd bicycle gundr:**.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
PRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— It was ascertain
ed to -lay that the Salt Lake and Baltair
Railroad, fifteen miles long, one terminus
of which ends in a .-.and heap, was re
cently sold to United States * Senator
Kearns of Utah. He did not want tho
road, but bought it to relieve tne Mor
mon church of an Incumbrance. Recent
ly, however, the Burlington people have
been negotiating for its purchase, and it
Is believed that, if sold, the Burlinffton
road will use it as its terminal at Salt
Lake City and extend It to Los Angeles.
This is not the first time the road has
been trotted forward as a possible rival
of the great systems of the Southwest.
Some time ago It was said that Mr. Hun
tington would extend the line to a con
nection T^th the Southern Pacific, but
this was reearded as aimed at the Union
Pacific. Later it was still reported that
United States Senator Clark had deter
mined io utilize it.
A call has been issued for a special
meeting of the shareholders of the Union
Pacific Railroad in Salt Lake City on
March 23 for the purpose of considering
an increase of the cauitnl stock of the
company. A proposition will be submitted
by tne directors for the issue of $100,000.
000 of new common stock In connection
with the proposed issue of $100,000,000 of
4 per cent bonds..
The shareholders will also be asked to
finally approve this Dond Issue and ratifv
the acts of. the directory In the acquisi
tion of new properties and all financial
matters pertaining thereto. For the pur
pose of this 'meeting 1 , as well as for the
purposes of I the dividends already de
clared, the stock transfer books ¦will close
on February 23 and reopen March 25.
The proposed increase of the capital
stock of the Union Pacific will make the
entire capitalization of the company l^s -
178,700, of which $100,000,000 is preferred
stock. A large part of the new capitali
zation will doubtless ultimately cover tno
cost of the recently acquired controlling
Interest of the Southern Pacific Railroad""
Many Magnates Perplexed
0v«r the Future of Salt
Lake's Line.
TINY RAILROAD
IS A PUZZLE
Steals From Assessor's Wife.
Estella Johnston, a colored servant girl,
was . convicted on two charges of petty
larceny by Judge Mogan yesterday, and
will be sentenced to-day. She was '¦ em
ployed in the residence of Assessor Dodge
and stole Mrs. . Dodge'a gold watch and
a purse containing $20, belong to Katie
Murphy, another servant.
World to End This Year.
Thli is the recent decision of one of the prom
inent societies of the world, but the exact day
has not yet been fixed upon, and while there
ara very few people who believe this prediction
there are thousands of others who not only be
lieve but know that Hostetter*8 Sttfraach Bit
ters is the best medicine to cure dyspepsia. In
digestion, constipation, biliousness or liver and
kidney troubles. A fair trial will certainly con
vince you of its value.
Run of Automobilists.
An open run of the local automobile en
thusiasts, has been called for Sunday
morning. Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue" and Turk street has
been selected as the meeting place. The
automobilists will start at 10 o'clock for
the Cliff House. The route taken will be
out Golden v - Gate avenue to,Devisadero
street, down Devlsadero to Fell, out Fell
to . Stanyan, 'thence to .McAllister, down
the latter street to Fifth avenue and out
that thoroughfare to Point Lobos' avenue
and thence to tho Cliff House.
To Celebrate 'Washington's Birthday.
The annual celebration of the birthday
of George Washington will be held by the
councils of the Young Men's Institute to
morrow evening at Metropolitan Temple.
President' Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California will deliver an
address entitled, "The" Young Man's Duty
to the State." A pleasing musical pro
gramme hag 'been arranged. In which.
Smith's Orchestra, Slgnor Martinez, Miss
Kittle McShane, W. Beach, J. H. Des
mond, Miss Ella McCloskey and Oscar S.
Frank will take part. . The- celebration
will be under the auspices of the board of
management of the councils of the Young
Men's Institute and President - Robert
Tobin will deliver an address. F. J.
Klerce .will be the chairman of the even
ing. . . ¦ , - ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ \
Yesterday the stock of the Oceanic
Steamship Company declined several
points. The cause of the depression was
an assessment of ten dollars per share,
which was levied in order to provide
means for meeting interest obligations on
the bonds of the corporation.
By -the failure of the Cramps of Phila
delphia to complete, according to agree
ment, the three new steamships. Sierra,
Ventura and Sonoma, the Oceanic Steam
ship Company was forced to incur heavy
t-xpense in the employment of other ves
sels to maintain its obligations to carry
the mall3 pursuant to contract schedule.
The company was also deprived of the
earnings of the three new ships for a pe
riod exceeding eight months. '
It is claimed by Cramp & Sons that the
delay in completing the ships was caused
by labor strikes, the pressure of work un
dertaken for the Russian Government and
also by a prolonged term of unfavorable
weather, the heat being so oppressive
that the men employed at the yards could
delays, whether justifiable or not,
deprived the Oceanic Company of the use
of the new ships at a time when they
could have been used to the profit and
advantage of the company.
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNERS
ARE READY TO, CONTEST
Three Teams Will Compete for a
Handsoriie Trophy on Wash
ington's Birthday.
Everything is in readiness for the cross
country championship race which Is to be
Inaugurated to-morrow inornlng. The
officials have been chosen, the teams are
trained to the minute and the course has
been laid out to a nicety. The race will
be run over a course In Golden Gate Park.
It will start at the Baker-street entrance
of the park at 11 o'clock and the contest
ants will finish about 300 yards from tho
start. A handsome silver trophy has been
offered and the winning team will have
the honor of holding it for one year. The
cup must be won three times before It
can become the property of the victors.
Three teams will contest for the trophy.
The Oakland High School will enter 'a
strong aggregation. Stanford University
will send up her strong runners and the
Olympic Club will put forth her best
athletes. The teams are made up as fol
lows:
Oakland High— Westdahl, La Vallere, Lundy,
Reffired, Clough and Sullivan (substitute).
Colors, blue shirts.
Stanford — Schokke. Chadbourne, Pafjue.
Hamilton, .Taylor and Thomas (substitute).
Colors, red shirts.
•Olympic Club-Smith. Stone. Garcia, Klllan,
Taylor^ and Lamont (substitute). -
In Westdahl Oakland has a strong long
distance man. He is a midget, but the
way he can cover distances Is a wonder to
all beholders. He is very likely to be in
the forefront at the finish. The Stanford
athletes have been training faithfully for
the contest and expect to take the trophy
back to Palo Alto. Smith of the Olympic
Club Is an old Stanford miler and is like
ly to prove a dangerous competitor. Stone
and Garcia are worthy to wear the local
club colors. They are fast and gritty
runners.
The committee in charge of the race is
composed oi George James, Herbert
Hauser and John Elliott. Ten men. mar
shaled by "Jack" Hob.son, will line the
course and flag all along the route. The
race officials are as follows:
neferee, \V. , Oreer* Harrison; starter, John
Elliott: timers— George P. Wetmore, Georga
Thomas, H. Hadenfeldt, William Mackie and
I. J. Muma: scorers— J. W. Mullen. D. Brown
and II. V. Ramsdell; judges, J. A. Hammer
smith, C. Harris and A. M. Stone; clerk of
course, C. A. Cantwell;.- assistant clerks of
course, De Witt Van Court and George El
liott. ¦
"Nobby" Otts and Fred Bell boxed at
137 pounds. Otts knocked his man out
early in the second round.
William Kelly and "Jack" McCarthy
furnished the wind-up of the card. Mc-
Carthy is very clever and didn't have a
glove put on him in the first or second
rounds. Kelly tried to mix in the third,
but was. very wild. The fourth was full
of action. McCarthy got the decision on
points.
"Sailor" Sharkey and George Hanrahan
came on next. Hanrahan was fat, couldn't
fight a lick and the bout was declared off
after one minute of fighting.
Fred Butler and George Sullivan met
next at 165 pounds. They cut out a hot
pace and went to the mat several times
in the first round. In the second round
Sullivan accused Butler of biting him. In
a" murderous mixup Police Sergeant Tobin
climbed Into the ring and Interrupted the
round. After a delay the battle was re
pumed. Butler stood an awful grueling
and was on the floor four times In the
third. round. He bit Sullivan repeatedly.
While the. crowd yelled and both men
were struggling on the canvas the police
stopped the fight. It took ten men to re
strain Butler. Sullivan won.
"Kid" Blass and "Mike" Smith fought
In the fourth event of the evening. The
men are novices. It took five rounds to
decide. Blass got the verdict. It was a
bad decision.
George "White and "Kid" Carter. 105
pounders, went on next. It was a kinder
garten fight. "White won.
Frank Nell and George Doherty donned
the gloves next. Both boys are shifty
bantams. The first round found both very
busy, with honors easy at the end. The
second round was furious. Nell dropped
his man with a hard right swing and he
took the count before coming back. Neil
had a shade when the bell rang. Xelther
man had any advantage in the third. In
the fourth Dougherty went down under a
etiff left. Upon putting up his hands Neil
landed a terrific punch on the stomach
and won the fight. It was a rattling con
test.
fast from the gong. Chinner had nothing
but a right swing in stock, but both landed
hard and often. Amid an uproar an extra
round was ordered. Stiff work was done
and the Judges called it a draw. Ward
should have got the decision.
FOLLOWERS of boxing are looking ,
forward with deep Interest to the
coming battle between Dal Hawk
ins and George McFadden. These
famous lightweights will box
twenty rounds before the Twentieth Cen
tury Club on the evening of the 28th. They
are training faithfully for the contest and
expect to enter the ring in shape to make
a fast battle.
Hawkins Is conditioning himself at the
Fourteen-Mile House. Reports from his
quarters show the Callfornlan to be In fine
rettle. Dal Is aware that In McFadden he
has a hard game. He Is therefore leaving
nothing undone to put himself in condi
tion. The long rest he has had has done
him much good. His hands are In perfect
shape and his arm has lost none of its
strength. Dal intends to show his numer
ous friends how much he has improved
since his memorable battle with Frank
Erne. He expresses confidence in being
able to defeat McFadden. Hawkins says
he likes a rushJng fight, as it gives him
a chance to whip In some of his terrific
blows.
McFadden is training at Croll's Gar
dens, Alameda. He Is out on the road
every day and does a great deal of gym
nasium work. , 2
Manager Gleason of the club last night
matched Dennis McFadden, the bantam
who lately returned from the East with a
long string of victories to his credit,
against Tommy Gilfeather and Georgio
Curran as a preliminary event to the.
Hawkins-McFadden fight. Young Mc-
Fadden is scheduled to box both men th©
same evening. Each lad will go ten
rounds with the clever boxer, and McFad
den will essay to stop them both. They
will weigh 118 pounds at the ringside.
POLICE STOP TERRIFIC FIGHT.
Contests at Bay City Club — Neil Stays
Dougherty in Four Rounds.
Good boxlnB was enjoyed by a big crowd
at the Bay City Athletic Club last night.
"Kid" Chlnner and Joe Ward, both of
the Bay City Athletic Club,' met in the
opening bout at 120 pounds. The fight was
DELAY CAUSES
MUCH EXPENSE
Oceanic Company Suffers
S Loss From Slow /Work
of Cramps.
Betting— Lamachus. 6-6; Bogus Bill. 5-2;
Acrobat, 8: Mary Klnsella, 6; Rixford, 20;
Veragua, 100; Sylvan Lass, 60. *
Tlme-70 yards, :05Vi: U. :25%; Vi, :50%; %.
l:19»i; mile, 1:43»;; lm 70 yards, 1:51V&. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner, P.
Dunne's b. h. by Hanover-Miss Winkle. La
machus got best ride. Bogus Bill would have
won with a better Jockey. Acrobat had plenty
of speed, but quit badly.
1887. SIXTH RACE-One mile and seventy
yards; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1S62 Lamarhus, 4, 104.O'Conr 5 3 2 2 2 In
1798 Bogus Bill. 4, lOL.Mrphy 12 2 14 2 10
1679 Acrobat, 6, 108 Henry 2 lh 3 3 3 8
1798 M. Klnsella, 6, 104..Knos 3 4 h 5 5 4 h
1713 Rixford, 4. 94 J. Daly 4 5 4 4 2 5 20
1ST? Veragua. a, 106..Blngam 7 6 3 6 2 6 8
16S6 Sylvan Lass, 5. 99. .Fogg 6 7 7 7
Betting— Handicapper. 9-2; Setde. 9-2; An
drattus. 11-5; Esplrando. 5; High Hoe, 15;
Birdie Stone, 30; Matt llogan, 5.
1RSG. FIFTH RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horso, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1S23 Handlcappr, 4, 112.0Con i lh 14 14
1S46 S*lde, 3. 97 J. Walsh 5 4h 4 2 2 2
OTiDAndrattus, 3. 94.. J. Daly 4 3 H 2 M, 3 «4
1847 Esplrando. 6. MS. .Henry 2 5 10 3 h. 4 lhi
1S5R High Hoe, 6, 105.. J. Wds 1 2 h 5 5 5 6
1778 B. Stone, 3. SS.Danfrman 7 6, 6.6
aS5S)Matt Hogan. 4. 106..Enoa 6 •
Time— Vi. :24«i; H, :50; »i. 1:17.. Good start
Won easily. Second and third' driving. ' M ln- r
ner. Carruthers & Shields' b. g. by Strathmore-
Zuhlan. Handicapper romped In. Seide closed
strong. Andrattus quit. 'Fell. Matt Hogan
threw Jockey after passing the half. Scratched
— Toah. 92, . Imperious 107.
1SS3. FOURTH RACE— One mile; four-rear
olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1849 Vulcain. 4. l'W Henry 5 4 4 2 6 lh
1^50 Astor 6. ]11 T. Burns 1 16 14 2 6
<l$51)Florizar. 4, 109..Buchnan 2 5 4 2 38
1M9 Autumn, a, 106.. J. Walsh 3 3 2 5 4 2
(178S) Barrack. 4. 109.O'Connor 4 2 y. 3 1 5
Time— U. :25>i; H. :50; %. 1:17*«: mile. l:44Vi.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
S. C Hildreth's ch. h. by Klngston-Arrow
grass. Astor backed up badly last part. Vul
cain finished very gamely. Barrack some early
speed. Florlzar closed up some ground last
quarter. Scratched— Greenock 109.
Betting— Vulcain. 4-5; Astor, 4; Florlzar, 8;
Autumn, 7; Barrack, 8.
1S84. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; puree, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
17S6 Improrapttf. 115. ..Henry 1 4 h 14 1
1785 Darlene. 110 J. Woods 3 3 3 2 3 2 8
1724 Sebastiana, 100..Buehnan 2 11 4 2 3 2
1774 G. Brown, lCS.-Wed'strd 4 2 3 3 h 4 3
1778 La Calma, 100.... J. Daly 5 6 6 5 2 6 3
1S15 William Ack, 102 See 6 7 3 «1 6 4
1S75 Cantinus. ldo.R. Murphy 7 6 1 7 1 7 1
IKoS B. Caldwell. 105..O'Conr 8 8 8 8
Time— Vi, :25; :51V4; %. 1:1"!*. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. A. G. Blakely's b. c. by Creecendo-Amlda.
Impromptu outclassed his field. Darlene ran to
best notch. Sebaetiana has plenty of speed,
but Is a dog. She interfered badly with Gay-
Ion Brown In the stretch.
Betting— Impromptu, 4-6; Darlene, 9-2; Sebas
tiana, 20; Gaylon Brown, 30: La Calma, 100;
William Ack. 15; Cantlnus. 100; Benson Cald
well, 9-2.
ISS3. SECOXD RACE— Three and a half fur
lonss; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $100.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
18G0 L. Appleby. 10S... .Henry 3 3 »4 ... Ins
1S11 L. Maxim. 105. O'Connor 6 2 1 ... 2 5
1835 Ogle. 10S T. Burns 2 4 3 ... 3 2
ISM L. Greene, 10S..Bozem&n 4 12 ... 4 3
17S7 Remele, lCS..Burllngame S 8 ...5 1
1775 Anna B, 105 See 16 1 ... 6 1
Oratossa, 105... J. Woods 7 7 2 ... 7 5
3S35 Earl W, 108..Wed'strand 3 5 2 ... 8
Time— 3-16. :19; 7-16.' :44. Good start. Won
flret three driving;. Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's
br. c. by Imp. St. George-Levee. Lucien Apple
by would have been a good neck In front In
another Jump. It was a very close thing. Ogle
cut oft soon after the start, ran a good, game
race. Lincoln Greene some early speed.
Bet tins— Lucien Appleby, 4; Legal Maxim, 2;
Oprle, 11-5; Lincoln Greene, 20; Remele, 100;
Anna B. coupled with Remele; OratoeEa, 4;
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANTORAN PAEK-Wednesday, Feb.
20. 1901.— Weather cloudy. Track
sloppy.
1SS2. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur
lonffs; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, iZld.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. »,4}. Str. Fin.
1S34 Racetto. 4. 101.. O'Connor 2 3 h S3 1 ?4
1S22 Antasor.e. 4. 10."i...Uurna 3 2 1 2 1 2 2
1037 S. Lucia, 6, 106..11rlngm« 113 1 h 3 2
US9 MacLaren, 4, 107....Encs6 4^42 41
1SU. E. /Tola, 5. lC8..Wedrst'd 4 6 1 5 » 6 5
:<31 nandera, 4. 102 Sec 5 7 >i 6 3 6 4
16H T. Shrkey, 4. 101. Murphy 7 8 7 10 7 12
17*) L. Minch. 5, 1GS..J. Wds 8 ol S 8
Tlme--1-16, :fC?i; fi-lG. :31li; 7-16, :44; 0»if,
1:11. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, J. A. Cruza's b. g. by Raclne-Mln
nvtta. Rp.eetto jramest and got best ride. An
tagone and Santa Lucia both stopped badly.
Scratched— Nans en 101.
• Betting— Racetto. 6-5; Antagone, 2; Santa
Lucia, 15; MacL&ren, 9; Emlle Zola. 60; Han
dera, 12; Tom Sharkey, 100; Little lllnch Jr.,
12.
Time— 1-1*5. :07; U. :2S; '4. :S1U: H. 1:17%;
m.-. 1:4€; 11-16 m.. 1U3. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third drivJnjr. Winner. J.
McOovern's. ch. h.. by Kl Rio Rey-Fusillade't
I^ast. Horton rr.ad<» a £rcat run from the far
rear ar,d was rounds the best. Kesence was
very tired, but stn.,<] a long- drive. Sunello cut
eft* early. Flamero pot cold feet before the
race really bepan. Ping has epeed, but forgot
to bring: It with him.
Scratched— p.ey del Bandldos 106
Bet tinjr— Horton. 2: Kl Mido. 3; Essence, 6-2;
EunelJo. 12; Flamero. t; Pine. 20.
l«03. FIXTTI RACE— Onr mile and a six
teenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
purse. fJOO.
Imlex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. Rt. 4. Etr. Fin.
1M4 Horton. 5, 111 Howell 5 6 10 34 In
OM^)F-1 Mido, 5. li*.l>omlnlck 1 2 \i 1 n 2 n
1W F>s«ir», 4. l<*...Hu!lman 3 in 2!i 3 1
1*66 Sunello. 4. l'j« Mat^rne 4 4« 41 41
<lVir<)Flan»ero, 5. 106..BaFF'(re r 6 In 6 20 5 20
l5$SFla£ 6, 10« Ptunrt Z < < 6
1SO2. FIFTH RACK— On« mile; eelllng;
three-year-o!ds and upward; purse, fjOO.
Indpx. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4- Str. Fin.
<iscs)l>>nnep. 6. 112..r^>mir1«k 3 In 11 In
5t?,r. s"t<-h Plaid. 6, P5. Ransch 1 2 n 2 6 2 12
1S56 Bathos. 4. ?7 Stuart 4 3n 3 '•« 3 8
l«r,4 Tarr.e Irish'n, 4. IW.Wdr 2 4 4 4
Tlm«^ l «, a«*: H. :S2; \. 1:17^; m.. 1:44*1.
Fair start. Won first two driving. Winner,
Fred Foster's b. rn.. by imp. CanJi^nias-^'an
ton. With a stronger rider on Plaid that horse
¦would l.ave wen. The wpipht was beginning to
tell on Ler.nep. Ptuart <",n Bathog fell a»leep
at the start, allowir.if his horse to fall out of
It. Irishman showed speed f.jr nearly half the
distance.
Betting— Lennep. 4-5: Scotch Plaid, 2;
Bathos, 7-2; Tame Irishman, 30.
1KT»1. FOmTH HA'T- 5^»ven fur!or.c»; Fell
me: thtw-jvar-oMs and upward; purse, tim.
Inlex Horse, Wt. J~-key. St. 4- Str. Fii*.
ISSi Sea Lion. 6. lin..l*ul!man 3 2h 2 4 11
im Montallade. a, l'»7..I)nm"k 5 In 1 »i 2 8
1«44 G'li Saohm. 6. !'i7..H»-ol! 4 4 2 4 6 SI
O*l«)Punfree. 3. S7 Rar.frh 1 34 32 4«
«lM>4)Sp:ke. 4. 107 Stuart 2 5 5 5
Time-i,. :i3; i^, t;;^; u, :5os.; : T^. l:30'i.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
Caesar Voun?'g b. h.. by Imp. I>ecelver-Sea
View. Sea Lt<m is pojinds from l>eins a won
der, although ¦willinB to stand a hard drive. It
was eurriosed Montallade did not like muddy
poir.g. Dunfr^e In receipt of a weak ride.
Spike out of Ms clar.?.
Bott'.ng — Pea Lion. 1; Montallade. 8; Grand
Fachem, 6;.r>unfree. 11-5; Sgike, 40.
1S1»O. THIRD RACn-Three furlonge; f>ell
lnp; two year-olds; purse, f3T.O.
Influx How. Wt. Jockey. St. »». Ptr. Fin.
<l«]K|Victoria ?. ]CJ...Uullman 2 12 1? 12
173i» In'-<-encia. V-3. ..Dominick 1 4 1 5 4 2 1
US Mike Murphy. K3.. Stuart i 5^4 2 4 3 2
I' I ''.rah'm «;re*>ne. Ul..Roa 3 3 4 4 n 4 1
3 T39 legato, lr-s nas==iii»;er 4 2 1 3 l t Z 6
:>>«1 Flatteren. K3 Hoar 7 71 K ' 5 C3
IMS 5*xr<l Ntpht. W...Hijp!I « P 73 72
1C1 "orFi Mail. 1*3.. .Ransch ? 61 8 Sj
Achilles. 11« Rull $ 9 9 &
Time— U. :1S'i; H. HRVk. Good start. Won
easily. Second and thirl drivir.p. Winner.
Felix Carr's b. f.. by Servi'-e-Paiolee. Vic
toria Is a Fi>ee<2y one with a likinjf for Juicy
pojr.K. Inocencia will bfar watching:. She
l'->5t prounrt l>y running: out through the stretch.
Hard Klfht outf^vted. Ransch on Tarso Maid
n-3f afrnid to mix up In the bunch.
Bettlr.K— Victoria S. 7-Vt: Inocencla. 10; Mike
Slurphy. S-2: Graham Oreene. 15: I^epato. 29:
nattered. O>; Hani Nieht. 4>>; Torso Maid. S;
Achilles, M,
1SSO. SECOND RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-old ni'.ies; purse, I4C0.
Index Horfp. Wt. Jockey. St. 4- JStr. Fin.
<lT::>A!zura. ll- Turner 2 l'i J- *»
• lS^tEl Pnnora 115..IV>mlnlck 3 SI 2 3 Zb
1W rnra Oo-tj:. ll.V.MarkHn 1 2 2 3 1 S4
1J*6 I^nolin*!"*, 115 Hulz 9 6 4 4 2 4 Z
1760 Bavaesa, 115 Hullmen 8 9 « *» 5 >,
W.t Abba L. 115 Brodlen 5 4 4 6 1 6 4
IMS Downhearted. 115.. Hottvll 4 I 3 .2 <5
JK4 »"«r. Lrtjiae. 115..rauntl'y 6 7 1 & 3 S 10
Ivarfy Kief. lil. noss T 6H » 9
Tlrr.p-3-lt :1S; 7-l«. :<4; l^ f.. 1:1U* Goo<1
*tert Won all oat. Second and third driving.
Winner. T. H. Ryan's b." f.. by Emperor of
Norfolk-MiFP Halfl»in. Winner riilden from the
Jump El Sonora is beginning to stretch it
out. Ravasra is a. eulker. Others of little ac
count .
Scratched— Kitty Sunday 115.
n^ttir.fr— Alzura. 4-o: F.I Ponora. 4: Cora
Goetj;. 8: Loneliness, tt: Havassa. 4; Abba I>.
fa; IViwnhearted. 20; Can ie Lucas, 100; LadJ-
Uice. SO.
Betting— P^ace. M; The Benedict, P-S: La
Ma^-oua. W; Hacerdon. 4: Juva. <.a; None
Fueh, .10; Ho«uena. S<<: San Augustine. 3); John
¦Welch. 100; Scotch M.
OAKLAND BACETRACK - Wednes
day, Feb. 20, 1W1— Weather fine. Track
muddy.
I8SS. riRST RACE- Sir furlongs: eellins;
four-yesr-oMs and upward; r urse i ¥&Q-
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. & Str. Fin.
1SS7 Peace *,. P3 Kanwh 2 14 11 1 l 1
.... The Ii'diot, 4. lDl..Dom'kS 33 24 24
KSS I, Mscotta, a, $*..Mthws 3 45 4 3 3 1
1S69 Hagerdon. 4, l«..Hnn>U 1 !1 3 l * 4 10
1&45 Juva, 6, SS Stuart 4 7 1 6 H » '»
JS5.6 Nne fuch. fi, M.J T WMs 9 M * 2 J'l
1SC9 Modwena, 5. *9. .FauntTy 7 «4 •! >f
12JJ S Aur'tSr.e. 5. l'1..BroJ'n ( ! s » l ? * j
1CT John Wekh. 4. ?S....HnarlO I 1 * * 12 9 -0
ISO Scotch. 4. 11C Turner € 9 8 10 1"
Tlir.e-U. :23; %, :ZV. V. l:I?£ Go °* 6tar ?'
Won Jlrst three driving. Winner. Fred * osiers
ch. m. by imp Midlothian-Turmoil. Hal
T>onHnlck on The B^r.fdlot kopt on ham| riding
hie niour.t instead of res'Tiins t<"> the whip ar.il
allowlr.f? tOn to nnrra lie would probably have
won. Prominent for quite a piece Hag-nien
p&ve It up. Ja Mascotta closed well.
Scratch*^— Pilot S*. Moiinga 101, I»orarn 1P1,
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Burglar Captured.
Joseph Clark, alias Van Pelt, alias
"Private," an ex-convict, was arrested on
Keamy ctreet yesterday by Detectives
Harper acd Armstrong and booked at the
City Priscn on a charge of burglary. He
li accused of breaking into the residence
of Charles J. McCallum, 1503 Washington
•treet, January 24. and stealing Jewelry,
bric-a-brac and clothing of the value of
J6W. He pa-wnsd a portion of the stuff,
which led to his arrest.
Sherman Wins at Pool.
BOSTON, Feb. 20.— The world's pool
championship match to-night was very
tame. Frank Sherman of Washington D
C. winning, with a score of 150 over Wil
liam H. Stubbs of Canada, who made
only 87.. . •
Entries at Oakland.
Following are the Oakland entries:
First race— Five furlongs; maldea three-year
o!<1f and upv.-ar-l; selling:
1SC4 Companion ....Wll 1R04 Voung Morello.107
1«">4 Hilary ..104: IS7<S"P*galong 10S
:S42 George Dewey.ltu: 1K» Illusion 101
1661 I-Ula 104 1S76 Senator Matts.108
1S4S Carrie Ivucas...l0l' JSO4 Tristrala 106
Second race— Six furlor.frs; four-year-olds ani
upward; Felling:
!H9 Duckoy tlf>6 181" frchln 106
:S*« Oood Hope 107 I «6< Mainstay 11!
1879 Pat Morrlssey..lCH 17S7 Prestidigitator. 10(i
183 Almoner 10s!
Third race — Four furlongs; maiden two-year
«".'. '..-; purpe:
:859 Torso Ma!3 HOi 1830 Tyranus U0
1SES Glr-ndernlng ..110 1 1S65 Pepper Sauce.. 113
1?77 Port Hell 119 J 1S65 Maraschino ...11J
Fourth rare— One mile and seventy yards;
4hr*«-y*»ar-olds and upward; selling.
C8^)O*tl<>r Joe 106! 1S7» Kickumbob ....93
1S4I The Mor.k Vt\ IS3 Homege «7
(lSC^tranJa Hoi
Fifth race— Seven furlongs ; three-year-olds;
<2^'S)I>ar.<ly Jim 10« I flSTg)EI Toplo 114
\Vj(, Rniilck 109' 1867 Quix II 112
ISS8 Bavassa 107;
Eixih race— Fire ar.« a half furlongs: four
yrar-T!d« and < upward : spiling:
3 '- 11 r i?>' 1<»| 1KR Barney F 105
18C8 Harry Tbatchr.m;! 1K3I Morlntra 105
1 £^£? 1 ' 1 T, naron "-" 10: 'i 1T " 7 L'n Cadeau.....V>S
:ses The Buffoon.... :o5 ] 1M2 Jolly Briton . 105
1880 Katie Gibbons. 103! \%Cl Don Luis 105
3<66 Montanus lOE! igr« Swjftwater ..."lO3
Oakland Selections.
First race— Companion. Hilary. Trlstraln. '
Second ra.ee— Good Hope, Prestidigitator, Al
moner.
Thlrf race— Torso Maid. Maraschino, Pepper
Pauc«.
Fourth ra.ee— The Monk, IIomajf#. Ostler Joe.
Fifth race— Rollick. Qulx II, Dandy Jim.
Elrth race— Montanus. Katie Gibbons. Un
Cadpau.
Track Note.
Following are the entries, for the $2500
added money event for Friday at Tan
foran over one mile and an eighth: The
Grafter* Joe Frey. Brutal. Rolling Boer,
Tclamon, Canmore. Articulate, Janice,
Beau Ormond, Silurian and Argregor. '
of close finishes, a few favorites
getting the money and a decision by the
judges which provoked the .shouters
around the stand to vent their feelings
in sojne well-delivered groans and hisses.
What brought it all about was this:
Henry on Lucien Appleby and O'Con
nor on Legal Maxim had the race
between themselves from the pad
dock. Legal Maxim was slightly in
the lead, both riders whipping and
driving hard. "When the wire was
reached all spectators on the angle were
convinced that Legal Maxim had won.
varying the distance from an exaggerated
Hibernian nose to a full length. Somf
placed nt the wire thought it was a dead
heat, some that Appieby finished a neck
in advance of Legal Maxim and others
that Logal Maxim hrul won out for a cer
tainty. When the ultimate judgment was
expressed for Lucien Appleby the judges
were roundly hissed. At the best the
race vas very close and needed a dis
criminating eye to detect or decipher the
winner.
The day opened well and for the first
time in fifteen races the real favorite
found Its way under the wire ahead of
the bunch. Racetto. with O'Connor up,
passed In three lengths in the lead of
Antagone, with Burns doing the piloting.
It was the splendid riding of O'Connor
that won the race for Racetto, who was
brought up from behind Just at the proper
time.
The third race, over six furlongs for
three-year-olds, was won by Impromptu,
Henry up. When the stretch was reached
Impromptu took the\lead and the others
tacked on, Darlene getting the place and
Sebastiana the show.
Henry rode a pretty race on Vulcain in
the one mile four-ye&r-old affair. Astor
led from the start, running away from the
field until the stretch was reached, when
Vulcain came up like a shot out of a
cannon. Astor was. headed at the wire
and that was all.
Handicapper made all the others look
like feather-weights in the six furlongs
for three-year-olds, the fifth event on the
card. Seide, with J. Walsh up, and An
drattus came In fcr ¦ place and show
money.
Lamachus and Bogus Bill fought It out
at the stretch In the last race over a
mile and seventy yards of the slimy slush.
Bogus Bill ran to win. but just before
the wire he was headed by Lamachus In
a driving finish.
By Louis Honig.
THE monotony of uneventful long
shots on a slushy, sloppy, knee
deep muddy track was broken
yesterday at Tanforan by a serie3
AT TANFORAN TRACK
By F. E. MAilholland.
p^-j INHERE was no stopping the favor-
II ltos at Oakland track yesterday
I and the form player with his
) 1 "dope" book put a. well-defined
crimp in the ring. After The
Benedict, a 9 to 5 choice, was retired
by Peace, the next in demand in the
opening event. " favorites ran the string
out. quite an unusual occurence over a
muddy track. Alsura, Victoria S, * Sea
Lion, Lennep ind Horton were the horses
that made life a burden to the layers of
odds. The a'ttendance was up to *he
average and the betting brisk enough to
keep the ticket and sheet writers busy.
It was reported around in Inner circles
that "Doc" Street's Faverdale gelding.
The Benedict, had been burning up the
track in his morning workouts, and as
Dominick had the mount, the books took
the hunch and made the horse favorite.
Unfortunately for his backers. Jay
Ransch broke away in the lead wltn
Pea^e and despite the hard riding of
Dominick. Fred Foster's fretful mare
won by half a length. After running in
third position for a long way and looKing
a certainly for a piece of the money,
Haserdon lost the show to La Mascotta.
Nash Turner at last broke his long spell
of ill luck by landing the live and a half
furlong dash that followed with Alzura,
from Torn Ryan's stable. The rllly was
played down to 4 to 5 favoritism and, lead
ing throughout, beat El Sonora three
lengths. Bavaspa with Bullman in the
saddle came in for considerable support
at short odds, but sulked almost from
the start.
Felix Carr's filly Victoria S earned her
second pair of brackets in the "baby"
race. A 7 to 10 favorite Bullrnan quickly
shook off the rield and with several
pounds up her sleeve, the Daughter of
Service led out Innocencia a couple of
lengths. The latter miss was once 30 to
1 in the betting and will take some beat-
Ing next time sho starts In moderate com
rany. Mike Murphy of the noted turf
family of Murphys finished third. On all
past mud form, nobody dreamt of Mont
allade being a contender in the seven fur
long soiling affair, and when he brought
the favorite Sea TJon with Bullman up
to a desperate drive, much surprise was
expressed. As Holtman dropped his flag
Dominick rushed Montallade off in the
lead and for a time it looked as if the
Hrst choice would not get up. From the
paddock in, the outsider became attacked
with the tired feeling and Sea Lion scored
by a length. Ransch made botchy work
of it on Dunfree, losing the show to
Grand Sachem. ¦
Rut for the excellent handling she re
ceived. Lennep would have been beaten
for the mile selling run by Scotch Plaid.
Fred Foster's mare had up 112 pounds,
and plainly demonstrated that weight
packing is not her forte. Dominick on
the choice took the lead after passing the
half and Into the strt-tch looked an easy
winner. Approaching the wire Scotch
Plaid gradually crawled up on the leader
and in a hard drive only lost the decision
by a neck. Stuart did everything but fall
off Bathos, ending up a very bad third.
For a time during the progress of the
final mile and a sixteenth selling run. the
bookmakers were jubilant. Howell astride
the favorite Horton lay so far out of it
that it seemed an utter Impossibility that
the little red horse could make it. and
El Mido was put down as the winner.
Three furlongs from the stand Howell
called on Horton. and In a furlong made
up a dozen lengths. From the eighth pole
in. Horton had control of things, winning
from El Mido as he liked. Hard ridden,
Essence ran third.
Judges' Decision on a Close Race at Tanforan Park Causes
Dissatisfaction Among Some of the Bettors — All but
One Favorite Win at the Track Across the Bay
Tanforan Selections. '
. First race— Amelia Fonso, Estro. Sweet "Wil
liam.
Second race— Montanlc, Gonfalon, Wyoming.
Third race— Gold Badge, Birdie Stone, Hara
lamb.
Fourth race — Donator. Imperious. 1Ti« Phoe
nician.
Fifth race— Moeorlto. Isallne. Invlctus.
Sixth race— MacGyle, Lizzella. Sublime.
Sixth race— Seven furlonts; three- year-ohdj
and upward; purse:
1S01 Sublime »5| (1875)L.lzzella 110
1S34 Beautiful Bill. .lli| 1825 MacGyle ..109
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; gelllnc: '
152J Mocorito 105i 183*3 Morella 102
(1691)Xansen 107 1853 Invlctus 98
1?74 Josephine B 108 1 1862 The Slng-er 102
(1871)Isallne 1051 1S71 Vain 105
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; gelling:
• 1R74 Imperious lOSi 1872 Rto Chlco...i...l03
(1859)The Phoen'lan.U'6 1838 Walkenshaw ..103
1S23 Donator 1031 1874 Prestome 101
Third race — Six and a half furlonjrs; three
year-olds and upward; celling:
1732 Mamie Hlld'th. 901 1854 Mountain D«w. 97
1S58 Gold Badge.... 90 1887 Mary Klnsella. 97
1S63 Haralamb 901 1S86 Birdie Stone.... 82
Second race— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; purse:
l?36"Rlo de Altar... 951 1851 Montanlc 108
1S« Gonfalon Ill I (1S50) Wyoming Ill
Entries at Tanforan.
The entries for Tanforan Park are aa
follows:
First race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; falling:
752 Amelia Fonso..l01 1163 Beau Monde... .106
692 Sweet William. 103 1882 Santa Lucia 108
1887 Bofrus Bill 104 1686 Estro 10S
18G2 Antloch 103 1ST5 Sweet Voice.... 97
YtVL Tom Sharkey... 99
The Midwinter Baseball League has a
game scheduled for Washington's birth
day. The Koenigs and the Alamedas will
play in the afternoon at the Recreation
Grounds at Eighth and Harrison streets.
Knell and Eager will be the battery for
the Koenigs and Russell and Shea for the
Alamedas. O'Connor will umpire the
game. • '
Midwinter Baseball League.
international shoot to-day slx.iy-nve crack
gunmen took part and some good scores
were made. Ten regular events at clay
pigeons were sliot off, besides two special
double events and a live-bird shoot.
Crosby won first honors to-day, having
made a score of 161 out of a possible 165.
He sn:ashed five straight fifteens and
pcored straight In one event of twenty.
The others scored as follows: Fred Gil
bert !. r >6. Fanning 155, Heikes 154, Parma
lee 149, Burnside 144.
The two special events of five doubles
were won by Heikes and Slab, who made
a tie score of 19. Fanning 17, Gilbert 16,
Crosby 14.
Twenty-two wing shots participated in
a special event at ten live pigeons. Par
malee. Slab. Gilbert, 'Heikes, Norton,
Lindeman. Fanning, Lawton and Kim
ball made a clean sweep.
Americans Going to Henley.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— The definite deci
sion of the University of Pennsylvania to
send a crew to compete at the Henley re
gatta July 3. 4 and 5 is hailud in rowing
circles as calculated to give an impetus
to foreign entries and to make the cioet-
Ing more interesting than lMt y/jar.
GUNMEN STRIVE FOR
INTERNATIONAL FAME
Good Scores Registered by Sixty-Five
Contestants at the Meeting
t in Arkansas.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. Feb. 20.— In the
Treat Perry Clark, a pioneer of '49, died
in this city yesterday at the age of 78.
The deceased was well known and had a
large circle of friends. .He leaves a
widow and bIx children. He was born in
1823 at Monroe, Fairfleld County, Conn.,
and resided for some time in Bridgeport,'
Conn. When the news of the discovery of
gold reached the East Clark started for
California, sailing on the ship Sarah and
Eliza, which went around the Horn. Tha
vessel began her voyage in - February,
1849, and arrived in the bay, of San Fran
cisco in the following September. The de
ceased was a member of . many fraternal
orders and was a Mason of high degree.
His death la mourned by his widow and
his children, Mrs. L. Davisson. H. L.
Clark. Dr. W. D. Clark," Mrs. W. A. S.
Nicholson, Mrs. . N. Buckman and Mrs.
F. Rothrick.
»T. P. Clark; a Pioneer, Is Dead.
The drav.-ings of the daps entered in the
special reserve stake and for -the JJelle
Brandon cup and California Plate contests
were held last night In Pythian Castle by
the Union* Coursing Park Association.
Coursing will bo held Friday, Saturday
and Sunday. The following dogs will
compete: ;' ,
Reserve stake, seventy-two dogs— Acneld
Kennels' Alecto vs. M. Gleason's Aconite;
Aeneld Kennels' Achilles vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rose Atwood; W. Cairn's Gold Or vs. J. Dowl
ing's Sir Lavrtnoe; Yosemlte Kennels' Sir
Van vs. Peter Doyle's Nora Lawrence; T.
Coleman's Larona vs. Russell & Allen's Kosle
Clalr; P. Moore* e Thorndale ve. George Shar
man's The Doctor; Pasha Kennels' Belle Clatr
vs. Kay Bros." Hawker; J. Hurley's Hurricane
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; H. Lynch' »
Lottie M vs. George Sherman's Bowery Hoy;
C. McDermotfs N'oe Maid vs. Gold Dust Kefi
nels' Sprlngback; W. J. Leonard's Daylight
vs. J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol; J. Smith's
Boney Boy vs. Connell Bros.' Log Boy: Sterl Ac
Knowles 1 Rusty «old vs. T. McCool's Finn JIc-
Cool; D. J. Healey's Tiburon v%. J. Holden's
Scottish Chief; J. H. Mullaley's The Lamb vs.
J. H. McNeil's Black Hawk: Tralnor & Sulli
van's My Selection vs. R. E. de B. Lopoz *
Son's Jewess; Sterl & Knowles" OUta vs. K.
McAndrew'o Governor Mac; T. J. Cronin's
Daisy Dale vs. W. C. Glassoa's lone; O->lil
Dust Kennels' The Lady vs. E. M. Kellogs's
Kid McCoy; J. Keenan's Dreadnaught vs. Sterl
& Knowlrs' O'Hara: Pasha Kfnnels" Repeat
Again vs. Thomas Xevin's Nellie N; F. A.
McComb'8 Frosty Morn vs. F. A. McComb's
Motto; T. J. Hellly's I/angborough vs. J.
Smith's Master Workman; Jeff Martlnett's
Sally Brass vs. P. J. Reilly's Willful Widow;
Aeneld Kennals' Aeneas vs. Yosemite Kennels'
Freedom's Banner: J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Princi
vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ripple: P. J. ReKiy'iS
Moonbright vs. M. Kolander's Leroy; F. Jones'
Lavlna vs. Chiarinl Bros.' Brass Buttons; F.
A. McComb's Crawford Lass vs. E. Baumeis
ter's) Los Angeles; H. A. Deckelman'a Glen
Chloe vs. Pasha Kennels' Round About; f. A.
MeComb's Royal Fashion vs. W. B. Jones"
Montana Jack; P. C. Bllck's Yellowtall vs. J.
H. Smith's Password; Aeneld Kennels' Ar-ihra
vs. Gold Dust Kennels' Maeormlpsiblb: R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Sarah vs. D. J. Healy's
Elista; T. J. Cronin's Vixen vs. M. Monash's
Florence Flatterer; Jeff Martenett'» Slim vs.
Chiarinl Brcs.' Bunco Bill.
Belle Brandon cup, thirty-two dogs— T. W.
Bartels' Baroness Beatrice vb. D. Chella's
May Bud: P. M. Clarkson's Lady Nell
vs. P. Barr's Amedee: A. Vandenburgh's
Flying Ship vs. George Malcolm's Aeolas; W.
F. Worthlngton's Guinea vs. J. Dean's Dor
othy M: J. M. Still well's Hesper vs. Dr. F.
P. Clark's Ramona Gold: W. F. Worthlngton's
San Pablo vs. Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out;
R, L. Taylor's Sweet Locust vs. E. Geary's
Fannie Hughie; H. W. Christlanson's Master
Harold vs. E. Geary's Minnie Sankey; R. B.
Taylor's Ra viola vp. E. Geary's Ruby Sankey;
G. Malcolm's Andromeda vs. T. Maher's Enter
taining: P. Horgan's Chula vs. P. M. Clark
son's Miss Brummel: George Nethercotfs
Hickory Dick vs. P. Rosener'a Homer; R. L.
Taylor's Marriwa vs. J. H. Rosseters Rustic
Arbor; J. M. Stfllwell's AVhlsper vs. P. M.
Clarkson's Haphazard; H. R. Robbtns' Paloma
vs. P. M. Clarkscn's Prompto; George Nether
cott's Red Rock vs. Curtis & Sons' Wapsee.
California plate. elRhty dops— J. A. Klein's
Granuvilla vs. D. J. Healy's Euranla: J. -II.
Kcspeter's Random Aim vs. L. F. Cartels 1
Banner Bright ; P. J. Reilly's Honesty vs. C.
<•>. Peterson's Silver Cloud; T. J. Cronln's Van
dal vs. Russell & Allen's I>atsy Clalr; F. S.
Price's Brutus vs. E. M. Kellogg's Buck; F.
A. McComb's Sir Pasha vs. H. A. Deckelman's
I^awrcnce; P. Poyle'R Liberator vs. R. K.-
Malcolm's Fine Fire; E. Geary's America v».
Curtis & Sons' AVar Kagle; F. Jones' Wedge
wood vs. J. H. Rosseter's Rural Artist; P.
Jackson's Honor Bright vs. Russell & Allen's
Spiteful: Condray & nought'* Better Than
GoM vs. Curtis & Sons' Rector: J. H. Ros
eeter's Real Article vs. Curtis & Sons' Nar
cissus; J. II. Rosseter's Roman Athlete vs.
C. C. firiswold'n Harlean Cladyn; Curtis &
Sont^ Warpath vs. Curtis & Sons' Shadowr P.
Jackson's Golden Rupprt vs. Curtl* A Sons'
McKlnley; T. \V. MeKtnley's Mac's Melody vs.
S. Handy' s Twin City Girl; Sterl & Knowles'.
Sleety Ml8t vs. George Sharman's "St. Ives;
P. J. Rally's Royal Union vs. P. J. Hellly's
Warship: H. A. Deckelman's Rocker vs. I>. J.
Healy's Tapioca; George Vanberjren's Half
Morn vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; J. H.
Halton's Uncle Fuller vs. D. J. Healy's I*ciy
Claire: F. A. McComb's IJttle Sister vs. K.
J. Henry's Ireland; K. Geary's Palo Alto vs.
Irwln & Lyons' Silver Wing; W. C. Glasson's
Dewdrop vb. R. E. <lr B. Jyipez & Son's Sweet
ness; H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs. George
Nethercott's Floodgate: Curtis & Sons' I^uxor
vs. Curtis & Sons' Beacon; .Chiarinl Bros.'
Santonin vs. E. M. Kellogg's Sweet, Emma;
George Whitney's Theron vs. J. R. • Smith's
Sylvanus; Curtis & Sons' Maud S vs. J. J.
Kenny's Hot Haste: J. Cane's Master Daven
port vp. Krsklne & Jones' Lavender: T. J.
Cronin'e Wild Trnlee vs. A. T. I^onard's Game
Boy: D. M. Clerksnn's Golden Garter vs. P. J.
Rellly's The Grafter; J. H. Rospeter's Risky
Attempt y«, F. A. McComb's Bona Fide;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy vs. Walsh &
Heenan's Sacramento Boy: J. Cane's Greenhall
vs. J. Hodgktns' King Cashier; J. H. Halton's
Tom Hurllck vp. J. H. Rosseter's Royal Anne;
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs. Curtis &
Sons' Flying Fox: M. Punlea's Erin vs. J. M.
Halton's May 7Iemps»tead; I*. F. Bartels' Best
Bargain vs. J. Dean's Slsquoc: J. S. Rosseter's
Fiery Face vs. E. M. Kellogfj's Iowa Boy.
Entries for Special Reserve Stake as
Well as Main Events Give
Promise of Lively Con- .
tssts.
Belle Brandon Cup and Cali
fornia Plate Attract
Gr«at Dogs.
TWO BIG ANNUAL
COURSING STAKES
California Lightweight Is Training Hard
for His Approaching Fistic Engage
ment With Clever George McFadden
DAL HAWKINS, THE FAMOUS BOXER, "WHO IS TO BATTLE WITH
GEORGE McFADDEX BEFORE THE TWENTIETH CENTURY CLUB
THE LATTER PART OF THIS MONTH.
CHILD IS MADE DBTJNX
BY TJNNATTJBAX MOTHEB
Officer Hanna Arrests Mrs. Bosio
Gibbons and Her Five- Year-
Old Daughter.
The- spectacle of a five-year-old child
under the influence of liquor supplied by
its mother was witnessed on Bernal
Heights last evening shortly before mid
night. Officer Hanna had his attention)
called to a woman and her little girl, who
were both staggering in a drunken man
ner. He placed both mother and child
under arrest and sent them in the- patrol
wagon to the Hall of Justice.
The woman refused to give her address
but gave her name aa Mrs. Rosie Gibbon*
and her child's name as Rachel. Tna
police sent th« child to the Receiving
Hospital for medical treatment and the
unnatural mother was locked in a celL
Had the gymnasium of th« Olympic
Club been twice its size it could hardly
have accommodated the immense, crowd,
that attended the ladies' night entertain
ment givei. last evening. Fully 2M> peo
ple occupied seats and standing room In
the spacious hall, and more than 500 peo
ple were ui.able to mxin admittance to
the building.
Never beiore in the history of the club
has tnere been such a crowa and such a
spienaia programme rendered. Athletic
sports ot every Kind were presented for
me edincatlon uf tne fair ones, and many
gloves were burst in applauding the agila
and trained penoiLiers. xne Doxing bout*
were realistic in tne extreme. Tne duo
champions pummeiea each, otner in merry
fashion, ana when one ut the Doxer* bled
from tne proboscis mere were cries ot
sympathy trom the laales, but these w«re
lost on tne bleeuing youm. ,
John A. Hammersmith had tho enter-*
tainment in hand, urn! it went through,
as usual, without a hitch. The heavy lift*
Ing of .Professor Jllehllnvj, the bag punch-*
Ing of Dan Whelan and \V. J. .Leonard
and the novelty trick jumping of A. M.
Stone were features, forty members of
the Columbia Park Boys' Club gave an
interesting exhibition of army setting-up
exercises and dumb drill. The lads showed
excellent training. There were pretty
pyramids by .Messrs. Edward StacK. Jo
seph O'Connor, Walter O"Leary. Harold,
Manor, William Smith, L. Lelbman.
Frank Hooper, Otto Ritier and Professor
R. Lea ml o. The Fairbanks brother3 did
some brilliant club swinging and wera
heartily applauded. Rudolph Moll and
E. M. Stack did good work on the hori
zontal bars; Messrs. Brltt, Rock, Dan
ziger and McConnell boxed four lively
rounds; Messrs. Hanlon and Singer and
Vail performed on the Spanish rings:
pretty and vivacious Alma Wuthlovlch,
sang and danced; Messrs. McKenzle.
Smith. Jenkins and McCullough wrestled
exciting bouts, and Professor Tronchet
gave an exciting foil and duellng-sword
exhibition, fencing with O. Kehrleln and
E. Ortion.
At the close of the entertainment Pro
fessor Sid Caviil. Alec Pape. Scott Leary.
Al Taylor and other experts did some
high and fancy diving In the swimming
tank.
H. V. Eamsdell Shows "Unexpected
WINS CAVILL'S BULL PUP.
Amount of Skill at Handball.
H. V. Ramsdell. director of the Olymplo
Club, has a bull pup on hla hands and
he already imagines that it is the noblest
beast of the kind In existence. How he
came Into possession of the canine is an
Interesting story and is now a morsel of
gossip in club circles. Mr. Ramsdell la
an athlete. Despite his gray hairs and
embonpoint, he has rivaled J. Downey
Harvey In tho fascinating pame of hand
ball. Daily Mr. Ramsdell hies himself to
the athletic club on Post street and
smashes the jras-ball for exercise. He>
has become highly proficient in the art.
Modesty prevented him from entering the
tournament, but it did not deter him
from accepting a challenge from Sid Ca
vill. the stemming instructor of the club.
Caviil is an exponent of harulbrill and
Imagined himself a clever player. H«
also possessed a handsome bull pup,
which he valued at $20. Mr. Rajnsdell ad
mired the pup and thought he would lik«»
to possess it. Caviil would not part with
the canine for any sum, so Mr. Ramsdell
tried another tack. He appealed to Ca
vlll's sporting sense by offering to play
him a game of handball for the dog. Ho
offered to put up $30 against the prizo
pup, and Caviil, seeing "easy money" in
sight, snapped him up with avldtty. Ha
did not know that Ramsdell had been
practicing daily, and when he essayed to
play against him Caviil found himself
outclassed. They played yesterday and
when the contest ended Caviil was seen
to gaze wistfully down the street, whera
Ramsdell and the pup were disappearing.
Spacious Gymnasium of th.o Organ
ization Crowded With Specta*
tors— Fine Programme
Presented. ~J
Fair \ Six Is Entertained
Royally by Clever
Athletes.
LADIES INVADE
OLYMPIC CLUB
TURF EVENTS, COURSING DRAWS AND MATTERS PUGILISTIC
THE SAN i FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
4
AT OAKLAND TRACK
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ -
DR, MEYERS SCO.
SPECIALISTS.
DiseasES and Weakness of Men
Cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies it; also
Private Diseases, Varlcocele. Stric-
ture. Blood Poison. Diseases of the
Kidneys. Bladder, etc.
Patients may pay when well or
In monthly installments. Home
cures a specialty. Private book,
question list. etc.. free, at office or
by mail. Correspondence confiden-
tial.
HOURS— Dally, 8 to 5. Evenings,
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11. ELEVA-
TOR ENTRANCE.
71j MARKET STREET,
I tJl San Francisco.
£p Hoffmanettes Cn
«w Cigar. Ju
THE H1LSON CO.. Makers, n. Y.
MAP. 8ADLEB * CO., Di»tribut«ri. S&a /moissftXOBLE OLD SOLDIER. COLONEL
TRAVIS. THE STORY OF WHOSE
LIFE READS LIKE A ROMANCE.
Enthusiasms, like stimulants, are often
est affected by persons of small mental
ballast.
-Tho annual loss to France caused by
the ravages of hailstorms Is said to
amount" to about 83.000,000 francs. -From
1873 to 1S95 the figures varied from 40,000,
000 to 134,000,000 francs.
The Cooks' Association; of the Pacific
Coast will give a ball and supper at Na
tive Sons* Hall Saturday evening, Feb
ruary 23. that gives 'promise of being a
notable social event. The. feature of the'
affair will be the supper, which will be
prepared by the members, each of whom
will present his choicest bit.
Cooks Will Entertain.
Spain is going into the beet sugar busi
ness. Since nhe lost her colonies she feels
tho necessity of an enterprise. A number
of fectCfSai have been erected; . ,
-An- indorsement -was also given to the
agreement reached by the arbitration
committee.
That a vote of thanks be extended to the
officers and members, of the Building Trades
Council and all other persons who have auttted
in bringing the mill strike to a successful ter
mination. . , . .
Carpenters' Council Meets.
The District Council of Carpenters met
last night and passed. the following reso
lution: '• '*••;*
can Smelting Company.
Two more suits were instituted In the
Superior Court yesterday by Allen I R.
Partridge against Frank W. Page, Mrs.
Lillian Page, George W. Baker, the Vul
can Smelting Company and others. In
one complaint Partridge seeks, to cancel
certificates to 58,353 shares of the Vulcan
Smelting Company, which he alleges were
illegally issued by the defendant direc
tors of the corporation named to various
parties among whom are M. J. Burke. E.
B. Preston, J. D. Hurd and Luther Bur
bank.
Partridge alleges that the stock, which
he claims has no legal existence in law
or fact, was sold by the defendants In the
open market. He also claims that George
"\V. Baker caused a certificate of 5C0J
shares to be made out- in his name,
though no legal authority for the issuance
of the' certificate existed.
In the second suit, which Is practically
an amendment of one heretofore filed, he
claims Page and others defrauded him
out of valuable interests in certain pa
tents. • He asks that the assignment by
him of such interest be set aside and the
right and possession of the same be vest
ed in him by the court.
H« ' Institutes Two New Actions
Against Directors of the Vul-
PARTRIDGE SEEKS TO
CANCEL CERTIFICATES
Paymasters Gambrill'and Kelleher went
out to the Presidio Tuesday with $300,
000 to be disbursed among the men of
the Thirty-seventh Volunteer Infantry,
whose term of service in the army of the
United States ends to-day. The men of
this regiment have been a thrifty lot
their Anal papors bringing to them sums
ranging from $100 to $2500. Colonel Jocelyn
the muatering-out officer, has completed"
every detail connected with his arduous
task, and the men will be enabled to leave
for their homes, within a few days. -
Than $2OOO While In the
: , ,/.-"; Philippines.
Many of the Men Have Saved More
THIRTY-SEVENTH INFANTRY
LEAVES SERVICE TO-DAY
For the vacancy made by the' promotion
of Mr. Woodworth there are several ap
plicants, among whom is D. E. McKlnlay,
a lawyer of this city. Mr. Woodworth's
salary as assistant was $2500 per annum
His salary as District Attorney will be
$4500. . -
Mr. Woodworth was assistant clerk of
the United States District Court from 1SS7
to 1894. He was also private secretary
for the late Judge Ogden Hoffman and for
United States Circuit Judge Morrow. In
November of 139S he was appointed As
sistant United States District Attorney
under Judge Henry S. Foote, succeeding
Samuel Knight, resigned, and was re
tained in the position by the incumbent,
Mr. Coombs. Mr. Woodworth will assume
the duties of the office on March 1, on
which date Mr. Coombs' resignation will
take effect.
of Federal law, his industry and trust
worthiness, his application for the posi
tion was indorsed by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven, United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow and by leading mem
bers of the San Francisco bar.
When the Jury pronounced her guilty
yesterday morning Curtaz. who was seat
ed beside her, tried to offer a few words
of consolation. She rose, from her seat,
hurled a few epithets at him and then
swung her right against the side of his
neck. Court had adjourned and Curtaz
started for the door, but Just as he
reached the \ corridor Inez-; again struck
him, this time on the back of the neck.
He ran for the stairway and disappeared.
She was taken to jail. .
_Inez_Curtls,_upon^ being convicted on a
charge of grand larceny In Judge Dunne's
court yesterday, vented her anger on
Daniel Curtaz, whom she holds responsi
ble for her predicament. Curtaz was
jointly charged with her of having robbed
Joseph Benedick of $60. He was dismissed,
but she was held for trial.
Tries to Offer She Swings on
His Neck.
In Exchange for Consolation He
INEZ CURTIS ASSAIX.S
HER MAXE. COMPANION
States District Attorney for the
Northern District of California to succeed
Frank L, Coombs, who will soon resign.
There was much rejoicing In the Apprais
er's building in this city when the news
was received. Mr. "Woodworth's appoint
ment was predicted in The Call several
months asro. For sixteen years he has
been one of the most popular officials In
the Federal service. Congressman Bar
ham and Thomas L. Carothers of Mendo r
clno County were his competitors in the
race Mr. Carothers being backed by
United States District Attorney Frank L.
Coombs, with Barham as his second
choice. , ,
Politicians are surprised at Mr. Wood
worth's victory, In view of the fact that
he is not a politician, but just a plain,
hard-working youngr lawyer of unblem
ished Integrity. Because of his knowledge
MARSHALL B. WOODWORTH
of San .Francisco has been
nominated by President Me-
Klnley for the office of United
PROMINENT ATTORNEY WHO, AFTER LONG CONNECTION WITH THE
FEDERAL SERVICE IN CALIFORNIA. IS APPOINTED AS UNITED
STATES DISTRICT ATTORNEY TO SUCCEED FRANK L. COOMBS.
In. the Divorce Court.
Decre*>» of divorce were granted yester
day to Victoria Lcrch from Charles Lorch
fcr neglect. Marie C. Dhelllg from A. J.
iJbeilig- for cruelty, Gertrude Walsh from
'Jeorge Wateh for willful neglect and
Mary A. Mooburg frcm Andrew Mooburg
for cruelty.
Suits for divorce -were filed veeterday
Y-y Clarence E. Seaver against Elizabeth
E. Seaver for c>sertion. Marie E. Glnne
agair.ft F. O. G'.r.ne for desertion. A. H.
Ir.wocxi asrair.st RcFol'.a Inwood for deser
tior.. Apr.f-s Martin apalnst Joseph S. Max-
V.n for Qallnre to provide. Matilda C. War
ren BSaiast Edwin H. Warren for Intem
perance and Abbie L. Bell against M. W
Bell for failure to provide.
The ancient and honorable absurdity
kno-a-n to the -world as "carrying coals
to Newcastle" has held its own these many
decades, but there is a new one which,
while not as absurd, appears to be fully
as exceptional. A week ago the proposi
tion that in time the French vigneron
would look to the transplant?- French
vines in California for. cuttings where
with to restore to France the pristine
glory of Its wines would have been con
sidered nonsensical. However, this strange
plan has been recently considered and
adopted by one of the titled and wealthy
French wine producers.
The peculiar experiment Is due to the
splendid showing made by California
wines at tho Paris Exposition of last
year. A short time ago a prominent
banker of this city received from a world
famous wine grower of Paris a letter In
whl^h he refer.-ed to what had been ac
complished in the production in California
of high class wines from vines the orig
inals of which had been Imported from
I^a. Belle. France. He further stated he
was convinced that by reason of tho
fenlality of the soil and climate of this
tate the vines "had beon resuscitated
and rejuvenated" and were possessed of
the many virtues of the mother vines
prior to their degeneration and final de
struction by phylloxera. In consequence
of this belief this French expert ordered
the banker to send him forthwith live
thousand cuttings from the mother vines
with which to test his theory.
The order was turned over to a promi
nent vlneyardist of Llvermore Valley. The
wishes of the enterprising Frenchman
were observed with the utmost care, and
the five thousand cuttings were selected
from the best varieties of vines that had
been brought from France. The delicate
twigfs were encased and sealed in airtight
paraffined paper bass, then packed in
moist sawdust and shipped to Paris by
fast express. . Tho shipment Is already on
the way. and in accordance with an
agreement the California vlneyardlsts will
In time be informed of the result of the
novel effort at rejuvenation of French
vineyards from stocks of the Golden
State.
. The oddity of the scheme will be better
understood when it Is known that hun
dreds of thousands of acres of vineyards
in France were destroyed through the In
troduction of vines from California that
¦were Infected with phylloxera. Who will
pav after this that California has not
achieved exalted greatness as the homo
of the vine and good wine?
FRANCE CALLS
FOB OUR VINES
Foreign Vigneron Expects
to Rejuvenate His Vine- *
yard With Them.
If Shay's story . is true, it Is probable
that Flint, riding close behind him on the
steep hillside, was thrown off through his
horse stumbling- and struck Shay as he
pitched downward, knocking him off his
steed.
This was told by Shay a-fter he had
fully regained his senses and is the only
evidence the officers have. They have not
been able to discover the existence of any
feeling of emnity between the men and
are at a loss to account for the myste
rious affair.
The sergreant who had charge of the re-.
Uef party, and who found the body of
Flint, said he relieved the men at 7 o'clock
and they started for quarters. He 'saw
them ta'-ie the road known as the "cut
off" and did not see them again until he
Instituted a search after seeing the horses
gallop Into the stables.
Members of tho troop to which Flint
and Shay belong say the men were al
ways good friends, and the officers state
that both were good soldiers.
The only theorv advanced in . explana
tion of the mysterious affair other than
that of murder Is that the two men, who
were perpetually boasting of the relative
merits of their horses, started a race
through the wood?, during which they
were either knocked from their horses
simultaneously or were thrown through
both horsf-s famine at once.
\Vh«»n found Flint's head was almost
buried in. the sand, trees on one side of
the path were slightly barked and his
hlotine was torn In several places. His
revolver was found fully loaded In the
holster and no other weapon was In evi
dei.-.e.
Shay's revolver was also in perfect
shape and In Its usual place.
The autopsy performed by the surgeons
showed that the Boldier's death was
caused by a fractured skull, which might
havo been caused by contact with the
limb of a tree or a horse's hoof.
The wound over Shay's eye is only of
the flesh, but is very long. He made sev
eral Incoherent statements while his
wound was being dressed, but there was
nothing tangible in what he said, except
ing that he and Flint were ridlnp very
fast. He was taken from the honpltal to
the Biiar-dhouse, where he will be con
fined until evidence is Eecured to show
he had no knowledge of his comrade's
death.
Later In the day Shay requested an in
terview with Colonel Rawles and told
that officer the following story:
"Flint and I were riding pretty fast
through the woods. I was In the lead,
and suddenly I felt something: strike me
in the forehead. I know nothing of what
then happened and was In ignorance of
poor Flint's death until I was asked about
him. We were good frJends and only this
morning had been planning a trip to town
together.
Shay shed many tears while telling his
story and asked permission to view the
remains of his comrade.
Numerous stories were by this time
afloat, the possibility of a murder having
been done being the most prominent.
Shay was In such a condition that he
could elve no explanation of the affair,
and after having his wounds dressed at
the Post Hospital was placed In confine
ment, awaiting an investigation.
Continuing his search, the sergeant
found the lifeless body of Flint lying In
the sand, with numerous wounds about
the head.
Fifteen minutes after relieving Privates
Frank R. Flint and Joseph Shay of the
Sixth Cavalry from sentry duty at 7
o'clock yesterday morning Patrol Ser
geant Schonthaler found the horses ridden
by the men galloping toward the troop
stable riderless, and upon Instituting a
search found Shay emerging from the
woods with a deep wound over the eye
and In a dazed condition.
He Rides Into Woods With
Comrade and Latir Is
Found D?ad.
SOLDIER MEETS
STRANGE DEATH
MARSHALL WOODWORTH
IS NAMED BY PRESIDENT
Adam L. Vercevich in his saloon at Grove
and La^ruria. streets on the night of Feb
ruary 33 and was shot In the le<c by Verce
vich, was held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Cabanlss yester
day on the charge of robbery In $5000
tKinds. The police have discovered that
Greeri, Tinder the name of George Allen.
was test to the County Jail for thirty
days on December 15. 1S93. for p«tty lar
ceny, so that there is a. prior conviction
s:m}r.5t him. At that time he also said
be came from Montana.
Marvin Ford, the traveling salesman,
¦who hf?Jd up and robb«»d Lee Leong on
Erii-rnrr.oTitr* street last Saturday, appeared
again before Ji:dge Conlan yesterday. He
was represented by Colonel T. F. Barry
ar.d Attorney Oscar Beatty. By consent
The case was continued till Friday. Maxcn
V, as s. certificate was produced that Lee
Ix-cr.g would not be*able to appear In
court till then. Ford will be tried on th»
charge of robbery, the Charge of assault
to Tr^Tirr having been stricken from the
calendar.
Case of Marvin Ford, Who Bobbed
I*se Leong, Is Again Con
tinued.
George Groen, the footpad, who held up
GREEN", THE FOOTPAD,
IS HELD TO ANSWER
The room In which Travis is living Is a
little one, plainly furnished, but scrupu
lously clean.
"I learned cleanliness in the navy." ex
plained Travis. "I wash my own clothes
and iron them out with a glass. I like
Of his later years Travis has not much
to say. "I have known want," he says,
"and * I have turned my hand to any
honorable employment I could find. My
only wish now is to get back to Tennes
see, which I consider as my home. I
have no people there, but there are the
soldiers and a soldier is always a com
rade."
foreign legion under Maxlmllllan. When
Maximllla.n was shot I was taken pris
oner and after spending six months" In a
Mexican jail I was escorted over the line
and ¦was once again in the United States."
The Southern Pacific Company was
blamed by a Conorer's jury yesterday for
the death of Car Inspector James Mar
tin, who was decapitated by the cars on
Townsend street between Sixth and Sev
enth last Friday night.
At the time the accident occurred Mar
tin was engaged in inspecting the wheels
of a train that was about to start. He
probably lost his balance and fell between
the wheels just after the train had be
gun to move and they passed over his
neck, severing the head from the body.
There was no testimony as to the manner
in which the accident happened, there
being no eyewitnesses, and it was not
until the cars had gone that his mutilated
body was discovered.
The Jurv returned/a verdict that Martin
camo to his death "through an accident
which might have been avoided had a
proper lookout been stationed at the end
car of the train."
The verdict was approved by Coroner
Leland.
BLAMES SOUTHERN PACIFIC
FOR A MAN'S AWFUL DEATH
SOLDIEB ANX> A MONGOL
VICTIMS OF HOBBEES
A. L. Eorthway Held Up on Jackson
Street and I/kj Him in
Chinato-vm.
A. I* Northvay, a soldier at ths Pre-
Eloio, was held up and robb«>d of $35 by two
men at Jackscn and L>evlsaJero streets
about 1 o'clock yesterday morcir.? while
on bis Tray to tbe camp at tho Presidio.
The raoTiev was er>ntair.»»d in a purse,
which also contained his discharge papers
frcm Company F. Forty-!'.fih Infantry,
he having re-enlisted. Policeman E. J.
Kilcy eaw tha hi»'.d-up and chased the two
robbers to Saorarrser.to street and down to
Pierce, where lie lost sipht of them. lie
tired three shots at them, but none took
effect. Detective Reynolds has been de
taUed en the case.
Ijos Him. a retired Chinese merchant,
livir:!? fit £!4 Jackson 'street, was held up
srsd robbed of f45 by six highbinders In his
o^n doorway about 31 o'clock yesterday
morning. He .is an old man. While go
lr.gr cut fcr a walk he passed the fix
highbinders, who were standing in the
doorway. Just as he passed them one or
them grabbed him from behind and placed
his hands over his eyes. One of the others
t"ok the rncney, which was in a pocket ln-
F'.de his blouse. He was then thrown to
the liocr and beaten snd kicked.
this little room because I have a gas
burner in it and I can heat water over the
gas to make my tea."
For the past few weeks Travl3 has had
but one meal dally— a 10 cent meal at a
littlo Japanese restaurant. :
"All I want," he says, "is to go home,
back to my comrades. I do not need any
thing."
Does not need anything? Old and
poor and sick, and living on 10 cents a
day. Does he not need anything?
IN a little room up at 31S Taylor
street an old roldler Is fighting his
last battle, struggling desperately,
but almost despairingly to conquer
poverty and Ill-health. He Is mak
ing a noble fight as befits a soldier and the
son of a poldler and a Southern gentle
man; but the worst of all his foes Is old
ago and it 1? m<rro than probable that this
last flffht will end in the defeat of tha
veteran.
The old man's name !s Colonel Travis
and his history reads like a romantic tale
of adventure. He told his story yesterday,
straight and simply, with a pose of dig
nity for victories recalled and a tear for
"Auld Lans Syne."
"My father was Colonel Travis," he.
Bald, "and he fell In the Alamo massacre.
I was born In .Texas and was the first na
tlx-e Texan to receive appointment In the
Lnited States navy. I was : appointed
midshipman on the sloon-of-war John
Adams and came with my ship to Califor
nia In 1854. I soon after left the navy and
went with Walker to Nicaragua and was
with him when he was shot In Trujlllo.
"After returning from Nicaragua I
joined the American contingent that went
under Robert "Wheat to assist Garibaldi
In his Sardinian expedition. When I re
turned to the United States the war had
broken out and I Joined the Confederate
army. After the war of the rebellion I
went with Harris. Selby and Terry to
Mexico and there took command of the
Son of Colonel Travis, "Hero of the Alamo," Himself a
Veteran of Many Campaigns in This and Foreign Coun
tries, Is Starving in a Little Room in This City
Consolations of friends and loved ones
have been In vain and prave fears are
felt that the sy '.Jer. sorrow may have
fatal results In both families. Miss Elsie
BJssinger is EuJTci-ing much from the
6hocli caused by the 1<">sp of both her pa
rents. Clir.ton K. coulter's wife Is so over
come physically that friends have serious
apprehensions ropnrding her recovery.
Rabbi Voorsaneer conducted the ser
vices ever t!:e remains of Mr. and Mrs.
Ado'.ph r.:?s!rper at their late residence,
131S Jackson strrrt. The house was filled
to the utmost v.-ith sympathizing friends
and the j-ard and FidewaJk In front of
the house were crcwded with those who
co-SA not be given admittance, but who
ivn:a!r.ed out of respect for the deceased.
The services lasted but a few minutes,
during which Rabbi Voorsanger made a
brie* address of the departed
ones, nnd tha bodies were then taken to
the Southern Pacific depot, whence they
were carried by rail to Home of Res=:
OmetOT, where the Interment took place.
Tho funeral of Clinton Coulter was held
from the residence of his wife's parents.
17Z2 Pag:e street. A great number of
friends asd sympathizers were present.
The Rev. W. K. Guthrie of the First
Presbyterian Church conducted the ser
vices. The young widow was so pros
trated as to be unable to be present, but
she may be able to arcompar.y the body
to MlddJetown, Ohio, the former home of
Mr. Coulter, where the remains are to be
burled.
Funeral services were held In this city
yesterday over tlie bodies of three of tho
victims of tho recent train wreck near
SUU City. New
Houses Are Tilled With Relatives
and Triends Paying Respect
to the Memories
of the Dead.
Funerals of Coulter and the
Bissingers Largely
Attended.
LAST RITES OVER
WRECK VICTIMS
Several local railroad men were seen
yeMerdny and all agreed that the road
could be constructed at a minimum cost
and that when In operation should be a
good payinsr Investment.
Engineers will be shortly sent out to
survey a route for the road, which will be
of standard gnugo. Tho corporation will
be capitalized at J3.000.000. .
King stated yesterday that with this
new road built the long stage line routes
that are now in operation in Lake County
would be minimized. The stage ride to
Bcrtlett Springs would be reduced to fif
teen miles, landing passengers at that
resort six hours earlier than the trip can
new be accomplished. Highland Springs
will be reached with an eight-mile drive
Instead of the present twenty-one-mlle
drive. " Adams Springs will be only four
miles from the railroad station.
The company when formed will be
known as tho San Francisco and Clear
Lake Railroad Company. The road. start-
Ing from Vallejo, will pass through the
Napa Valley, Sage Canyon and Pope Val
ley. At the terminus of the road on
Clear Lake a line of lake steamers will Be
established. These boats will touch at
Bartlett Landing, Lakeport and Boda Bay.
A project Is on foot In this
city to build a railroad from
Vallejo through the Napa Valley,
with a terminus at some point on the
shores of Clear Lake in Lake County. W.
B. King, who has had considerable ex
perience In the construction of railaoads.
Is deeply Interested in the scheme and
said yesterday that Eastern capitalists
were on their way to this city to thor
oughly Investigate the matter.
Company Is Being Formed
in the City to Obviate
Travel by Stage.
RAILROAD DIRECT
T0 CLEAR LAKE
"Its equal does not exist." he declared.
"Artistic design, faultiess execution, flaw
less material, indeed fitness in the broad
est sense of the term, mark this mag
nificent gift from a citizen to the city of
his adoption. The value of the gift is
enhanced, more really than apparently,
by an artistic opulence that will be more
thoroughly appreciated In years to come
than It is to-day. When foreign con
noisseurs, fresh from the art centers of
the old world and the great authorities
on park ornamentation shall have given
the stand the seal of European approval
our people will learn, the value of their
peerless prize."
An address was made by William M.
Bunker on "The Adornment of San Fran
cisco." He made suggestion's and spoke
warmly of the mut<Ie stand In the park
provided by Claus Spreckels as the right
thing in the right place.
Prior to the adoption of the resolutions
remarks were made by President Dohr
mann, Horace Davis and Daniel Kelly, all
of whom -spoke strcnjrly against the ef
forts being made at Sacramento to pro
vide for legislative control of the affairs
of this city. Horace Davis paid a com
pliment to the Merchants' Association and
said that Its work was far more -lasting
than the street improvements In which it
had been concerned, for it was teaching
the young the lesson of self-sacrifice for
the public good and civic duty. In
cidentally he said that he had been asked
who was the foremost citizen of San
Francisco and that he had promptly an
swered F. W. Dohrmann.
Senate bill Introduced by Senator Tyrrell of
San Francjsco to nullify civil service provi
sions of charters by making any test or quali
fication upon merit unlawful and by destroy
ing the power or authority to enforce such
provisions: Senate bill No. 470, to establish
Police Courts In certain cities having char
ters and to fix their Jurisdiction and provide
officers thereof; Assembly ' constitutional
amendment No. 17, to restore to the Legis
lature the power to control the police and
fire departments, the health and election de
partments, the Police Courts, the licensing of
business nnd other matters of local concern;
Assembly bills — No. 8. to regulate the power of
cities to incur indebtedness for improvements;
No. 15, to provide conditions and terms for the
granting and sale of street railroad and other
franchises; No. 140, to establish Police Courts
In certain charter cities and fix their Juris
diction and provide officers thereof; No. 423.
to fix eisht hours as the maximum daily ser
vice of all members of the Police Department;
No. 543,. to fix twelve hours as the maximum
daily service of all members of the Fire De
partment.
A printed memorandum of the bills ob
jected to had been prepared In which the
following are mentioned:
Resolved. That a ccpy of these resolutions
be forwarded to each member of the State
Senate and Assembly.
Resolved. That the Merchants' Association
hereby protests against the passage of any of
the various bills Introduced in the present
Legislature, the purpose of which Is to regu
late or control the municipal affairs of San
Francisco.
The preamble sets forth the well-known
facts concerning the provision In the con
stitution of California that municipalities
shall enjoy self-government in all their
municipal affairs by the adoption of a
freeholders* charter: recounts the adop
tion by this city of a charter and de
clares that the charter can be amended
by vote of the citizens and approval by
the Legislature. The resolutions adopted
are as follows:
Tho Merchants' Association protested,
last evening against proposed legislative
Interference with home rule for San Fran
cisco. Resolutions embodying the objec
tions of the association -were adopted
unanimously.
Merchants' Association Asks
Legislature to Keep
Hands Off.
Resolutions Unanimously Adopted
and Will Be Sent to Sacramento.
Bunker Speaks on Pub
lic Adornment.
INSISTS ON HOME
RULE FOR CITY
NOBLE OLD SOLDIER OF FORTUNE
FIGHTING A DESPERATE BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ff >ey JLampS
m Special >| A n
II sale Jwl Heaters
Agateware
Janliniers
m Bottom^ China
\^J Crockery
2a^ Glassware
©Dinner Sets
Toilet Sets
Ariwarc
Great AniErtGan Importing Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Are., br t. Post and Suttet
SCI MarL"?t St., opp. Powell.
ISO Slr.tb St. 1419 Po'.k St.
1 .2 Tfclrr' St. I8IO Devisadero St. [
Ufl Ninth St. 2008 Fillmare St.
300(1 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery Ar,
2.5I6 Mission fit. 3285 Mission St.
7O*3 Lorfcte St. 2732 24th St.
CSS Ilajes St. 475 Haifiht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Wnsh^nftton St 1237 Brondvrar.
IIS.-5 irtrd Ave. OIC E. I2th St.
ISftO Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1255 Park St.
6AN I? ArAnL-B St., near Fourth.
5"C Otbcr Branch Store*;
Broken
Eyeglass
L*nses replaced for 5O cents.
Ary Astigmatic lenses duplicated for $l.OO
and 51-1O.
Guaranteed correct and best Quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
OP I WAINS f>- H n T 0GPA 5mfimic '
642 Market 5t. instruments
•j^Dta chronicle d < jilo:h&. Catalogue fRti.
The nest Whisksy mads in Scctlaad
ANDREW USHER
0, V, G.
AND
SPECIAL RESERVE
So te citalaol ti» T7erli 071? it Wla»
l!i::2ii:ts i&l Sislirs
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., sax mxsass*
p a -ir": C**""~ •»>^««"'-
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
$ visit OR- JORDAN'S great £
dHOSEUH GF AHATOarf
9 Cft ioanaf.rrr st. ui.eaLwa.3J.cn. M
\ Of Tha Lj7jr-itA:utccical Min<-um In the X
ft ,1 jTVj. V'orid. We~Jraet*m or any c>ntract:n 4
JL *5? «j/J *»ea«« pr«itl»rly curwd by tbs oleint Y
9 ISOI apcc-alktcn C*. Com. Eu. 36 <•«•». *$
i »^?a^9 Lo.mildtion fr-fl and strirt^ privt:- \
A A JXfa* N Tru-mcm [vrtorwliy t>t by le'ter. A A
\8 * Mil * 1M ' ! * > «-'»«"»»»«fy c»»a undertaken. Y
OF If li& xv 'ic '"' lv>«k. *>r!ii-i»!»o»"ai*-sr€ A
X n I* ' varuaittc Cocl: fcr rora) * \
V Ml J'.JKDA?: C: r<f> , FM X&rtetlli.,'X F. f
M. HALL'S fiblNYlG0RAT0ROT?93
Five hun.ired rewanl fur any f^«^Ts4J|
case we cannot cure. This secret IpB *™v
remedy stops all loxws In 2* hours. IB ft
cures H:nl-»icns. lmpoti-ney, Vart- 9'j^J PSS5
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits', lyTTl CTjT
Stricture.". Lost Manhcod and al! jj^iji LlK
wasting effects of sMr-nbu*e .or y*it?_B*T
»x<*»S!«es. :->nt scaled. *'.' bottle; 3 %£i\jrr tf *ii*.
bottles. S3: guaranteed to cure any rase. A<3-
dre«s HALLS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. SSJ
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for sal« at 1073^
Market st. S. F. All private diseases qu!c!s!>
cured. Send for free book.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ifOMET^
Regard Peruna as Their Shield Against Catarrh,
Coughs, Colds, Grip and Catarrhal Diseases.
MRS. BELVA /. L0CKW00D, LATE CANDIDATE FOR TF2 PRESIDENCY.
Mrs. Belva Lockwood, the eminent barrister of Washington. D. C Is the only
woman who has ever been a candidate for the Presidency cf the United States. She
Is the best-known woman in America. As the pioneer cf her sex in the legal pro-
fession she has gathered fame and fortune. In a letter to The Peruna Medicine
Company she says:
"/ have used your Peruna both fcr myceff and my mother, Mrs. Hannah
J. Bennett, now in her 88th year, and I find it an invaluable remedy for cold,
catarrh, hay fever and kindrad d.seases; also a good tonic lor feeb/o
and old people, or these run c'own, and with nzrves unstrung." — Beiva A.
Lockwood.
Hi' 'i ¦¦¦ I *° t^^e patients: 1 fear ymi have ca-
. _^ ~"^^™^^. tarrh. madam." They will generally reply:
j&~ .XjJT^v 'Oh. no: I never ha>l catarrh. My nose la
Jw jZ= l *JLFfll3) perfectly clear, and my breath is not bad.
ft*. ($frkS?3&T /^N^\ * am not trouoletl
'w?3ftl§*y *£' I\\l\ catarrh, "all the \ 1 , JJ
vV SaS^< .r \ v< same. Catarrh i.-; 1 rS
wJSi&w >l^«'s^ - 1s33i) \ \ r not alwa >" 3 l<*'eat- V V "5T- /
I -tffffl m\ ~" Jr^^: Ji have catarrh of **; '
I ima hP \«^n^ ' ymi ( +$ the pelvic or- Mrs. .Julia C.
f -#» Jnh^ <i^= i -^/ yr JX iT$ gans " • Brown of Pecaton-
1 XTOf J3M '^^99trr^^ff^S^ii ¦'¦ VI The doctor wont ica. 111., says. "I
I'-V:* B£r firaffft hSwi V $i on to say: "I have used Pertma
|:£SfiW2«5£jdBg8? 3$?--*MP- hive been preach- In my h -mo for the
V -^?-C : 6=^S23'^^Lfd^S. STi~' inc this doctrine past four yt-ars and
J h'w^$c-— : f£3r^ \e \ V for the last forty am thoroughly
" P %tEk~~ ~-m-Ef ff[ !¦ • years, but there convinced that it
\ — f fr J§ ji I"* • is a vast multi- is a reliable family
> p fi) \ tude of women remedy."— Julia C.
Mrs. 'i. t»eltui who have ne Y, er Brown.
St M ?auT M? n r wStet AlUh ° ny
V.t^ ' L j r*~ „ I the pelvic organs. There^are one hundred
* Peruna has done wonders for me. It lur y y "if?"., nt fh(> m»H-v nririr* to
has cured my headache and palpitation of I "Hf ?rr^of tho he^l lion t^on 2
the heart: has built up my whole system, 1^ 1 " 1 ? the • hue It catanh of
I cheerfully recommend Peruna to all suf- J5' nl |,^ thev have not catarrh at a?l
ferers afflicted with catarrh My mother J^fa great ml^ake and 1. "the cause
?re n dTn r d S±^g»S55S &££ o£nJny cS« , of ; .£kn«™ -and death/;
is taken it Immediately removes that tired Jg" fro^m" the °™£ of PeVtna.
"iKia cures catarrh byr £ n g the ffl^S»«^SSSSSZB«
Pe- be pleased to E lve you his valuable advice
™4'™t"™&^t^™«™™™™ rPS * D % Hartman President of
even- year. Hften have occasion to say The Hartnran Sanitarium. Columous. O.Teacher— What Is the function of the
iron in the blood?
Tommy Tucker— It's what makes the
finger nails. — Chicago Tribune.
Tess— Mamma was rummaging through
the attic to-day, and she found the cradle
I used when I was a baby. She was go-
Ing to throw It out, but I wouldn't let her.
Jess— I should say not. Antiques are all
the rage now.— Philadelphia Press.
Mrs. Oak Park— Do you call your hus
band ••hubby?"
Mrs. Hyde Park— No. I call him Hub.
He Is from Boston.— Chicago News.
"Euphorbia," said the youth, hoarsely,
"you love another man! Don't deny It!
I have seen the evidence in black and
white!"
"Alfred," she exclaimed, turning fright
fully pale, "can it be that you suspect me
of writing that 'English Woman's Love.
Letters'?"— Chicago Tribune. •
It was in the harbor of Malta one day
that a midshipman of about four feet
eight Inches addressed himself to the slx
feet-two captain of his first seagoing: ship
The captain looked down upon the boy'
smiling, and good-naturedly said:
"Well, youngster, so you hare come to
join, eh?" .
"Yes, If you please," meekly responded
the youthful officer. "ponaea
"Is it the same old story, sent the fool
of the family to sea?" "'
..A'J* 0 ' el li\ responded the lad.
"Oh. t no; thlng3 have changed since your
"Go away." roared the captain and th«
middy flew below as fast as his lltUe ilgl
could carry, him.-Birmingham (Ens.)
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THE OLI> MILL STREAM— J. D. P.,
City. "Down by the Old Mill Stream" ia
a ballad. .
THE PARK-*. E. T.. City. If you have
any complaint as to the management eZ
any department of Golden Gate Park you
should make It to the Commissioners.
APPARENT DISTANCE-TV. B.. City.
If the correspondent gives tha names cf
two fixed stars, and their distance from
the earth 1» known. It 1* possible that the
apparent distance, to the naked eye. can
be given. ¦
COINS-Copper Coin. Oakland, Cal.
Dealers In old coins do not offer a pre
mium for any of .the many coins de-
Scribed in the letter of Inquiry. The de
scription of the last coin mentioned is not
sufficiently clear to enable one to locate.
It In the catalosuea.
A FUNEKAL— Constant Reader, Bart
Andreas, Cal. It is perfectly proper for a
body of Individuals who accompany a
funeral cortege to walk' ahead of the
hearse. Be it a military or a civic body,
it precedes the hearse, and If It does not
go to the -burying ground it at a point
agreed upon opens ranks, the peopla
standing with bared heads as the hearse
and immediate mourners pass. If the in
dividuals walk as far as the burying
ground the ranks are opened at the gate.
. A NEWSPAPER— J. R.. Upper Mattole.
CaL In the hurry to transmit news, pre
pare such for. the press and place th*
same before the reader In a limited time
it sometimes happens that those who do
that work let a faulty constructed sen
tence slip. The people want the news and
want it quickly, and as long as tho same
Is comprehensive It Is all that Is expected
of a dally paper. If those who have to
make up the paper were to spend the time
necessary to revise and rewrite copy
where faulty and bring it to a grammati
cal standard, punctuate It and then re
vise the proofs so that each sentence
would be letter perfect they might get a
paper out about once a week. A dally pa
per is a news-distributing medium, got
out in language to convey to the readers
¦what they want to know; it ia not a com
pilation of critical essays.
» • ¦ 1
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace HoUL #
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
¦ ? ¦
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery ax. Telephone Main 1012. . . . . • .
CAMTOBNIANS IK" NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— The following
Calif ornlans are In Xew Tork: From San
Francisco — II. Parmlee, at the Metropoli
tan: C. H. Boyle, at the Grand; J. Hooper,
at the Murray Hill. From Loa Angeles.
H. Chandler, at the Pabst.
INFORMATION WANTED.
IZq ROM the State Board of Trade comes the cu
| rious report that applications from Eastern
home-seekers for information concerning various
counties in the State have frequently to be inade
quately answered by reason of the lack of county pub
lications giving the desired facts. It appears that
many counties have not supplied the board with de
scriptive pamphlets or circulars for distribution, and
consequently the home-seeker who desires to learn
something about a county before making a journey to
it is forced to turn his attention to some other section.
The fact is somewhat singular. If there be any peo
ple in the world who ought to know the value of ad
vertising it is the people of California. This State is
rcmo'te from the center of American population. It is
in climate, soil and resources distinct. from other sec
tions of the Union. It has advantages which are not
to be found elsewhere, and of which the majority of
Eastern people are wholly ignorant. Therefore to
attract settlers and capitalists seeking investments for
their money it is necessary there should be an exten
sive advertising of the resources of every section of
the State, for in no other way can the variety of re
sources and advantages be made known.
In no other respect is California more distinct from
the East than in the wide differences that exist be
tween the soil, the climate and the general conditions
of localities that are geographically near one another.
On the other side the mountains a whole State is
known as a wheat State, a corn State, a cotton State.
a fruit-growing State or a grazing State. In one the
climate is cold; in another it is warm. No such con
ditions prevail here. Within the confines of Cali
fornia one county is often radically distinct from the
county adjoining it, so that no home-seeker can profit
much by what is known as "general information."
He' must study each county separately. If he fail to
do so he may make a mistake that will cost him
dear by locating in a county where a particular in
dustry he desires to undertake may prove far less
profitable than it would be in an adjoining county.
During the, boom years that preceded the financial
panic, the industrial depression and the long drought,
there was an. abundance of literature descriptive of
California counties.. Some of the pamphlets issujed
ar that time were among the best compendiums of in
formation that could be devised. They were attractive
and interesting as well as instructive, and their cir
culation had a beneficial effect upon the whole State.
Such pamphlets should be again prepared and circu
lated. There is no county in California so well known
as' not to need further advertising, nor any so back
ward as not to be able to afford the cost of publish
ing descriptive circulars.
The railroad has offered inducements for home
seekers to visit the State. The increase of wealth
during the recent prosperous years will enable many
families to take advantage of the opportunity afforded
by the roads. Consequently, we are, likely to have
during the. whole of this year a considerable number
of persons seeking homes in Californfa. or places in
which to invest money, and the counties should be
prompt'in providing all information "the visitors may
desire, - - -• •
-• .¦ ¦ ..- • \ ¦¦.. ».
ANTI-IRRIGATION FIGURES.
DURING the debate in the House on a bill ap
propriating the sum of $100,000 for the purpose
of investigating the water resources of the arid
districts of the country the whole subject of irriga
tion came under discussion. The salient points of the
speeches made by the men who opposed the bill are
worth noting as illustrations of the arguments which
the West will have to meet in carrying on the cam
paign of education in favor of the great enterprise.
The first of the arguments against the measure was
based upon- estimates of the probable- cost. Hill of
Connecticut in opposing the bill said that the irriga
tion of our arid lands would cost in the aggregate
$36,000,000,000, Mr. Cannon, chairman of the Com
mittee on Appropriations, said the' enterprise would
in the end cost the treasury upward of $750,000,000.
When such estimates are placed side by side their
worthlessness is at once apparent. Between $750,000.
000 and $36,000,000,000 there is an immense gap. It is
clear the men who used such arguments have never
made an estimate of the cost. They have hardly given
the subject a moment of serious thought. Had they
done so their estimates of the cost- would have been
at least within gunshot of one another.
Such an argument is valuable only because it shows
the temper with which many influential Eastern men
approach the subject of irrigation. They are so an
tagonistic to it 'they will not reason about it. They
content themselves with assertions having no valid
ity, and are evidently relying upon the prejudices and
the ignorance of the Eastern people to support them
in their opposition.
Should any refutation be required for such ex
travagant misstatements it can be found in the care
ful estimates made by experts who have studied the
subject. At the Irrigation Congress held at Chicago
last fall the estimates of experts were that there are
from 75,000,000 to 100,000,000 acres of land in the
arid regions that can be irrigated at a cost not too
great to make the enterprise profitable. Captain
Hiram Chittenden of the engineer corps that made a
survey of the region m 1897 and who is regarded as
the highest authority on the subject taken as a whole
reported to the congress that a complete system of.
reservoirs could be constructed for $143,000,000. The
highest estimate made by any competent authority is
that the average cost of irrigation would not exceed
$2 an acre. According to these estimates the total
sum required for irrigation of all the arid lands that
can be profitably irrigated would not exceed $200,000,
000. That sum, moreover, would be expended during
a long series of years, and the sale of the lands as
they were brought under irrigation would furnish the
Government with funds to carry on the work, so
that the direct cost upon the East would be small.
The second objection made to the enterprise is that
I the irrigation of the arid regions should be carried
on by States and Territories and not by the National
Government. Here, again, the objectors disclose
their ignorance of the problem. Some of the streams
from which water for irrigation will have to be ob
tained traverse two or more States, and there are
other complications that make separate State action
unadvisable. The enterprise, in fact, is national and
should be treated as. such, j
From the statements made it will be seen we have
a long task ahead of us in educating Congress on this
subject. Fortunately a good deal has been already
done. There are net 'many men who believe that ir-
Eastern poets, moved to verse by the munificent
gifts of Andrew Carnegie, are said to be in despair
because they cannot find a rhyme for his name. The
Springfield Republican • says the only rhyme is
"plaguey." Evidently such a rhyme is of no use; but
how would it do for the poets to have a little rhyme
about "pulling his leggy"?
A recent explanation of the British Ministry con
cerning the purchase of steel bridges for the Uganda
railroad from American instead of British firms
brought out the fact that an American contractor of
fered to have the bridges ready for use in three
months' less time than any British bidder offered to
have the material ready for shipment from England.
It goes without saying the explanation was sufficient
to justify the Government, for at this juncture the
British have no time 10 waste in any part of Africa.
PERSONAL MENTION.
G. Loeb of San Jose Is at the Palace.
John C. Qulnn of Monterey Is at tha
Lick.
Frank Lyman of Sacramento Is at the
Crand.
Dr. J. J. Miller of San Jose Is at the Oc
cidental.
J. G. Roberts of Madera Is registered at
the Palace.
W. G. Hughey of I>os Angeles 13 at the
Occidental.
H. S. Berry, a mining: ir.an of Selma Is
at the Lick.
H. M. Shreve, an attorney of Tulare la
at the Lick.
Governor Gage la registered at th9
Palace Hotel.
John R. Ruben, a merchant of Fresno,
Is at the Lick.
L. C. Kobergr, & Healdsburs merchant.
la at the Grand.
Charles P. Morgan and -wife of San Jose
are at the Palace.
John C. Bull, a contractor of Arcata. Is
a guest at the Lick.
, \V. H. Atkinson, a vlneyardlst of Napa,
13 a guest at the Grand.
J. B. de Jarnatt. a mining: ra^n of Co
lusa, Is at the Occidental.
¦W. S. Tupper, an Insurance man of Los
Anjreles. Is at the Palace.
W". R. Carlthers. a Santa Rosa attorney.
Is a guest at the California.
J. H. Arnold, an attorney of • Guerne
vllle, Is a guest at the California.
VT. E. "Woolsey, a fruit grower of Santa
Rosa, Is registered et the Occidental.
Gus and Ernest P. IJon. merchants ot
San Jose, are registered at the Palace.
John F. O'Shea, connected with the Un
ion Jleat Company of Portland. Or.. Is at
the Lick.
E. "W. Hale of Hale Bros., Sacramento,
accompanied by his wife, Is registered at
the Palace,
C. E. Randall, one ot the District As
sessors of Chicago, accompanied by his
wife, Is at the Palace.
MORE BUTCHERY.
WHILE negotiations for peace, indemnity and
atonement were in progress between the For
eign Ministers t.rA China Von Waidersee wan
tcr.ly and without cause was sending out slaughter
parties to turn North China into a shambles. All
American authorities except the more bloodthirsty
of the missionaries, agree that there was no provoca
tion nor excuse for the butchery and robbery that the
German field marshal caused. Peaceful cities, filled
with friendly people, v.ere looted and burned, and
crimes were committed that will make the name of
Christian civilization a nauseating stench in the East.
With unusual patience and submissiveness China
wcr.t on in her endeavor to restore order and care for
her people, famine smitten by the overrunning of
their fields, at the same time being harried by the
butchers of Von Waidersee.
Now, while the allies are in negotiation and the
world is hoping for an end of the tragedy, it is re
ported that Von Waidersee has ordered another
great military movement, to penetrate as far as pos
sible into Western China. It is known that China has
no organized army, and in this crisis is incapable of
protecting her cities and her people. They are at the
mercy of the allies, an i the quality of that mercy may
he judged by the harrowing reports that have come
from Japanese, American and English sources of the
unprintable atrocities that were perpetrated in No
vember and December by the force under Von Wai
dersee. Cities that welcomed and fed his troops
were looted and put to the torch. We desire to im
press the facts of that distant situation upon our
readers. The code of - .var forbids the sacking of an
undefended city and the robbery and slaughter of a
non-resisting population. The career of Genghir
Khan has been used to picture the horrors- of which
Pagandom was capable and to point the contrast with
Christendom. But Gengbiz never sacked an unde
fended city. When he was at peace with the empire
of M'jhammed Shah the Governor of Otrar killed a
party of his commercial traders. Genghiz demanded
that the Governor be delivered to him for punish
ment. Instead of complying with this demand M'i
liammed beheaded one of the envoys who brought it
and sent the others back without their beards. Then
came tn-ar, and the great Khan marched on Bok
hara, "the noble city." After its defense by 400,000
soldiers failed he entered it and, mounting the steps
of the mosque, cried out to his troops, "The hay is
cut; give your horse* fodder."
History says: "They needed no second invitation
to plunder. The city was sacked and the inhabitants
cither escaped beyond the walls or were compelled
to submit to infamies worse than death. As a final
act of vengeance the town was fired."
But that was about the year 1220, nearly seven hun
dred years ago, and the looter of Bokhara was the
son of a Mongol raider born to battle with a clot
cf blood in his clenched hand. And the city resisted.
A vast army, as well equipped as his, opposed his ad
vance, and, after all, he did no worse than Von Wal
dersee and his allies at Paotingfu. and a dozen other
Chinese cities that were not defended, made no re
sistance and freely offered food and shelter to then
Christian destroyers.
Now the German commander in chief of the allies
proposes a renewal cf this military infamy. There is
nothing in the situation that requires a single soldier
to leave camp. There :s not an armed force in all the
region he intends to raid. There is not a city capable
of resistance, not a man nor woman in all that zone
able to defend propert3 r or honor.
Does the so-called civilised world comprehend the
situation? This new expedition is not to protect
nnj-body. It is not to punish any new anti-foreign
outbreak. It is not to effect any good purpose in
politics. It is simply for murder and lobbery, and
worcjc The American people are gratified that our
troops under General Chaffee are not to take part in
this cowardly and ignoble movement They a:e
pleased that our flag is not to be carried in the t'ain
of robbers and murderers whose crimes by contrast
lave made the excesses of the Boxers look like the
innocent games of a country Sunday-school.
\Ve are glad that the religious press of this coun
try is awakening to its duty. The Central Christian
Advocate, organ of the Methodist church, admits that
"even the Boxers themselves have been outdone bv
the lust, the outrages and rapine of the foreign sol
diers," and quotes an eye-witness in Peking to the
effect that "for a century to come Chinese converts
will consider robbery and vengeance* to be Christian
virtues." , • . ; ..
APPALACHIAN FOREST RESERVE.
ONE of the most important forestry enterprises
contemplated by the Government is that of
establishing a great reserve in what is known
as the Appalachian belt. The bill now before Con
gress provides that the Secretary of Agriculture shall
purchase not more than 2,000,000 acres of forest in
the States of Virginia, West Virginia, North and
South Carolina, Kentucky, Tennessee and Georgia.
The object is to place in "the hands of the Govern
ment a forest covering the watersheds of the moun
tains, out of which flow so many important streams
in the States named. It is generally understood,
however, that if the measure be adopted the main
reserve will be in the mountains of North Carolina,
which are the highest on this continent east of the
Rockies. ¦ .
While the plan is being urged mainly by members
of Congress from the various States whose streams
would be affected by the preservation of the forest
area, it has had considerable support in the North.
It is recognized that such a reserve would afford the
Eastern side of the country a great national park
similar to Yellowstone Park. The North Carolina
mountains abound in beautiful scenery and are among
the healthiest localities in the world. They are now
so well traversed by railroads that it is said the pro
posed park would be accessible to people from as
far east as Boston, as"far'west as St. Paul and as far
south as New Orleans within twenty-four hours.
In addition to the double good of protecting the
water supply and providing a spacious pleasure
ground the great park would also serve as a means
of preserving an extensive area of hardwood forests.
It would thus serve as- a great school of forestry,
teaching by object lessons on the grandest scale, and
in that way would have a beneficial effect upon the
country at large.
Under our system of government the greater part
of the work of forest protection and promotion must,
be performed by the States. Nevertheless, the Fed
eral Government can do much in preparing the way
and demonstrating how the work should be done.
That guidance, moreover, ought to be promptly
given/- We have reached the stage in our develop
ment where forest protection will have to be under
taken on scientific principles and on a comprehensive
scale, or else the penalty will be heavy.
. Fortunately for California the nation has here pre
served extensive ranges of park. It now behooves
ths'State to follow up the good work and do some
thing for itself. The plan proposed by the Scmper
virens Club, for the preservation of the redwoods of
the Big Basin, is one that might well be taken up at
this session of the Legislature. . No such forest as
that can be found elsewhere on the globe, and its
preservation would provide near the center of popu
lation on this coast a holiday ground more wonderful
even than that which the East hopes to see estab
lished among the heights of the Great Smoky Range
in North Carolina. '
The Atlanta Constitution reports that the Bryan
Birthday Club of Chattanooga; Tenn., which it says
was organized "to celebrate annually the birthday of
the greatest Democrat since Jefferson," has re
cently had a row among its members, and accord
ingly there will be no banquet this year. The greatest
since Jefferson will have to celebrate alone.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists, for
The San Francisco Call
Proper Food, Shelter and Dress.
Yet freedom from worry alone will not
prove in itself to be the elixir of youth.
With it a careful regard for our physical
and mental well-being in every respect is
indispensable. Proper food, shelter ana
raiment must be provided, and with re
spect to all these due regard must be had
for the teachings of science as gathered
from long experience. ,
Food must be adapted to our constitu
tional peculiarities— best of all, under
medical advice— and in drink every sacri
fice should be made In order to obtain that
rarest of all fluids, the purest kind of
water- „
We should seek our shelter in well-ven
tilated dwellings in healthful locations,
and these considerations should outweigh
tho dictates of either fashion or conveni
ence. - «
In raiment also we should be Independ
ent enough to follow the promptings of
common sense and not torture our bodies
into disease by the straltjacket of tight
lacing, pinching shoes, heavy headgear
and all the other monstrosities of our so
called modern civilization.
To these must be added, as of almost
equal importance, the necessity of allow
ing nature, rather than expediency, to
prescribe the hours of sleep and rest; and
under rest I include every kind of proper
recreation and diversion. And, on the
other hand again, exercises, both physical
and mental, which react upon each other,
must not be omitted from our pro
gramme. As health of body is essential
to prolonged, severe, successful mental ef
fort, so, also, and even more, in my opin
ion, there cannot be permanent perfect
physical health without the exercise of
our mental faculties. The farmer, with
the sinews of Iron, but mental sloth, as a
rule dies younger than the professional
man with constant brain activity.
Keep Clean, but Avoid Extremes-
Careful bathing and ablutions and pure
air must also receive attention, yet in
nothing are people more apt to run to ab
surd extremes than in these. The mania
for "hardening" ourselves by plunging
into ice-cold or boiling tubs of water or
subjecting ourselves to the onslaughts of
the wintry blasts or burning currents of
our eccentric Climate without regard to
our physical condition for the time being
is as illogical as it is pernicious. Clean
liness and fresh air, in ,the sense of these
extremities, kill more people than what
they would probably call reprehensible ab
stention from either.
Moderation in these things, as well as In
, everything that may be carried . to ex
tremes, should be our watchword if we
desire to prolong life at the same time
that we preserve our health. There may
be as much intemperance in exercise, the
! use of food and water and every essential
of existence as In the indulgence In stimu
lants or tobacco. There is nothing won
derful, therefore, in the examples so- often
cited that this individual or that has lived
to an extreme old a^e. although he daily
took his dram or tobacco or did this thing
or that which, in the eyes of the extrem
ists, is believed to be sure to kill. "In
: medlo tutlsslmus ibis" I would emblazon
as the motto at the very commencement
of my programme— "The middle course is
the safest."
Intelligent Study of Health Condi
tions.
Recently a society was Btarted In the
city of New York to study and discuss
the problems and conditions conducive to
longevity. If experience has taught that in
individual cases mere fortuitous circum
stances and observances have led to an
exceptional prolongation of life, why I
should not statistical observation In nu- !
merous cases eventually evolve principles
on which the expectation of longer life
than the traditional three score years and
ten or four score years may be predi
cated?
Such a society, in order to be success
ful, should have for its nucleus a member
ship of serious professional and scientific
men, who would be able to pursue their
investigations and discuss and compare
their results intelligently. Fads, foibles
and the cranks and dreamers who possess
them should be rigidly excluded from such
an organization or it Is* bound to be a
failure. The trouble with nearly all move
ments heretofore in that direction has
been that they have fallen into the hands
of quacks and dilettani. who Imagine that
they can discover some panacea for the
indefinite prolongation of life merely by
talking about it, without the slightest re
gard for the teachings of science or ex
perience. The problems Involved In this
question are of the most serious nature
and require the profoundest study and
consideration.-
Old Age Is Opportunity.
Undoubtedly the world has progressed,
not only in ameliorating the condition, but
in prolonging the period of what In the
ordinary acceptance of the term Is called
old age, and I have no doubt that the time
will come when the majority of men will
be at their best at 70, instead of, as Is now
so often the case, at their worst at 40;
when men and women will be not only as
old as they feel but as they look, and will
both feel and look as they should at every
period of life, even at five score or more*
when youth will not arrogate to itself the
sole right of existence, and when old age
will believe that
"Age is opportunity no less
Than youth Itself, though in another dress.
And as the evening twilight fades away.
The sky Is filled with stars. Invisible by day."
Preliminary Observations of a Series of Arti
• cles on the Art of Living a
Hundred Years.
By Theodore Sutro.
VICE PRESIDENT OF THE HUNDRED-YEAR CLUB OP NEW YORK.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
Cicero in that most delightful of all his
minor writings. "De Senectute," says:
What Is there in man's life that can be
called long? • •. • To my mind n° th * n g
whatever seems of long duration in which
there is an end. For when that arrives, then
the time which has passed has flowed aTva> ,
that only remains -which you have securea ny
virtue and right conduct.
Eighteen hundred years later Dr. Sam
uel Johnson, one of the brightest minds
of England, writes:
It capnot surely b« supposed that old age.
worn with labors, harassed with anxieties and
tortured with diseases, should have any glad
ness of its own or feel a1»y satisfaction from
the contemplation of the present. All the com
forts that can now be expected must De re
called rrom, the past or borrowed from the
future.
Within the half century just closed
Charles Kingsley sings:
TVhen all the world gets old, lad. and all the
be confounded with a phlegmatic and In
different temperament, which is the great
est obstacle to progress. Proper ambition
and striving to improve necessarily beget
a certain restlessness, without which man
kind would run in a rut. Stagnation is
worse than death, and it la better that
our existence should run out than rust
out. The disposition of mind which I re
fer to as the bane of a desirable old age
is of the fretful, worrying kind, whicn
makes a mountain out of a molehill and
sees no good In anything. ¦
A "Oon't Worry Club," which has been
organized in New York, though amusing
In its title is really founded upon a thor
oughly legitimate idea and unconscious
ly, perhaps. Is working In the direction
of prolonged life and assuring a. serene
and happy old age in inculcating its prin
ciples to a far greater degree than many
societies organized for the purpose of pur
suing and discussing scientific medical in
vestigation.
trees turn brown, '. „ . fc
And all the Jests, get stale, lad, and all tne
wheels run down, _.i«,«^
Then hie back to thy home, lad— the malmea
and sick among; i-«.^
Thank God if there you find one face you lovea
when you were young.
And a similar strain of sadness'and de
spair runs through the prose and poetrj
of all times and the minds of all men,
glorifying youth and bewailing the ad
vent of old age. So universal is this senti
ment that praise of old age would almost
seem to require, by way of preface, an
apology. If such werp needed I would
present It in the masterful essay on old
age. by that master mind of America,
Ralph Waldo Emerson. How true his
-words, that "when life has been well spent
age Is a loss of what It can well. spare—
muscular strength, organic instincts, gross
bulk and works that belong. to these. But
the central wisdom, which was old age
In Infancy, is young In four score years,
and, dropping off obstructions, leaves In
happy subjects a mind purified and wise.
People Are Only as Old as They Feel.
The attainment of this wisdom should
be the aim and object, and when attained
at the same time, the glory of declining
years. Nothing is more despicable than
an old person parading in the garb or
youth and. substituting wig and cosmetics
for the curls and bloom of early days.
While nqt admitting that a woman Is as
old as she looks, I firmly believe that both
men and women are only as old as they
feel. As there may be an old head on
young shoulders, so also there may be,
and should be always, a young heart un
der old shoulders. Xot years but disposi
tion and stagnation of intellect make us
old. and also that spirit of laisser aller
which shirks from the exertion of adapt
ing our physical necessities to the changed
conditions incident to the advance of
What an old man was Byron, when at
the age of 36, just prior to his death, he
exclaimed:
My days are in the yellow leaf;
The flowers and fruits of love are gone!
The worm, the canker and the Brier
Are mine alone.
Contrast with this what Dr. Deems,
pastor of the Church of the Strangers In
New York, writes in answer to the ques
tion. "How does a man feel at three
score years and ten?": /
One of the most relieving sensations of my
life was when I had pasted the -'three score
years and ten." antl I remember the
01 feeling which came to me one Dfcratar
morning when I arose and mi self
and to myself did say most cheerfully. I am
».,.. . • • Then I commenced a new lire,
and so far as times, seasons and £«*«*•"«
concerned I have no flings different from
those which characterized my life thirty jears
o . . • i am not conscious of having anj
of" those several symptoms which have gener
ally been supposed to indicate old age.
John Adams, at 90. when informed of
the election of his son to the Presidency,
exclaimed: "I am rejoiced because tne
nation is happy!" And Cornaro. who
lived to be 99. said of himself at 83: Life
at this age is not a dead, dumpish and
sour life, but cheerful, lively and pleas
ant."
Examples Taken From the Eecent
Past.
There recently died in the city of New
York within a few days of each other
four prominent men engaged in different
pursuits and past the meridian of life,
all well known to me— Judge J. H. Beek
man, one of the brightest and most in
dustrious members of the Supreme Court
bench of this city, aged C6; Charles C.
Beaman, a profound and brilliant law
yer, partner of Joseph M. Choate, aged
61; Oswald Ottendorfer, journalist, editor
of the greatest German newspaper in the
country ' and multi-millionaire, aged "5;
Hugo Wesendonck, prominent In business
circles, founder and president of the Ger
mania Life Insurance Company, at the
age of 84.
Of these men I -would designate Judge
Beekman as the most learned; Mr. Bea
man as the happiest, owing to his de
lightful associations and the enjoyment
of his leisure hours; Mr. Ottendorfer.
while the poorest In health, yet the most
successful, as he combined with vast
wealth great power and high honor, and
Mr. Wesendonck as the best In health
and of the most cheerful disposition.
Each one of these men was a brain
worker In the best sense of that word;
each had attained a position af affluence
which saved him from the petty annoy
ance and worry of struggling for a dally
existence; each had achieved the greatest
success In his respective calling, and
none of them appear to have been
the victim of any dire organic disease of
heredity. While, therefore, they were so
nearly on a par in the elements which
are generally supposed to tend more es
pecially to the prolongation of life, yet.
from my personal knowledge of them. I
would say that in fact the youngest of
them In years was the oldest, and the
oldest in years the youngest.
Judge Beekman. while a most pleasant
companion. Impressed me as the most In
clined to look too seriously upon the dally
routine of lifers duties, while Mr. Wesen
donck, though not unmindful of these du
ties, yet always appeared to be in the
most delightful mood, and In the full en
joyment of the passing* hour. Judge Beek
man was somewhat of a recluse; Mr".
Wesendonck was what may be termed in
the swim of life. Certainly in the pres
ence of these two men one was Impressed
with tho youth of the octogenarian and
the age of the man just past 50. At what
period, then, with these men did old age
—old ace in the popular acceptation of
that term— begin? Surely not with years.
At What Age Do People Become OldP
This leads me to the question, When
may a man or woman in general be con
sidered old? What Is the line of demarca
tion between middle and declining life?
Many writers have contended that this
occurs at about the age of 63, yet in the
examples which I have above given this
certainly does not hold true. Fixed lim
its in fact, both as to the commencement
of old age and as to the natural dura
tion of life itself (numerous writers fix it
at five times the period of growth. 18 to
21 or at 00 to 105 years), are. in my optn
years doea not as a. rule Indicate old age:
ion, purely theoretical, because fullness of
years does not as a rule indicate old age;
nor, on the other hand, does a life of few
er years necessarily demonstrate prema
ture demise. • ¦-
• That is not to say, however, that a lire
long In years may not also be a long life
without the inroads *of the Infirmities and
annoyances* of old age, and that is the
goal which the advocates of longevity
seek to attain— not a long life of .misery
and disease/but a long life of health and
happiness.
The Destructiveness of "Worry.
What can be done to prolong life in the
last mentioned sense? If I were to pre
scribe a programme I would say: Culti
vate, above all things, a genial, happy dis
position, which looks upon the rosy rather
than the dark side of life; which tries to
make the most of favorable circumstances
and turns to the best possible advantage
adverse circumstances; like the man who
was blinded through the bursting: of a si
phon of soda water, and Immediately put
his wits together and Invented one that
could not be overcharged. A' serene old
age la usually also one of the longest du
ration, and can only be attained -by a se
rene disposition. This must, however, not
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 21, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
ACtTtf* All CosunnnletUeni to W. 8. LEAKS. Kinager.
31 IXAGRB*& OFFICE Telephone Vren* 20 1
rmklCATlOX OFFICE Market nnd Third. S. P.
Telephone Prrsn 201.
-
EDITOIIIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Proas 202.
nellvcrnl Ity Carrier*. 15 Cen«« Per Week. .
Single Cnplm. 5 Cent*.
Term* l»j- Jlnil. Including Postajrei
DAZZ.T CALL 'including Sunday), one year """'t'nii
r>ATI.T CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3 -j™
PAILT CALT, (lr.rludinp Sunday). 3 months • *-f !
PAII/TCALL— By Single Month '• •*[
Pl'NDAT CALL. One Year 1 - t>0
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear lM
All postmaster* nre nntborlied to receive
¦aimer! pt Ion*.
Eamrle copies trill be forwarded when requested.
Mall Fiibscrlhrrn In ordprinp rhanjre of afldreys Bhould *.*
particular to elve bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to :r.rure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O.1KLA.VD OFFICE 111S Droadrrnr
C. GEOUGB KROGXBSS.
Xtzi£tr Tcreign Afirerti«:cs. K»rqnstt« BnilSing. CMeajt.
<Lcc* Distance Telephone '•Central 2619.")
JCEVT YORK CCKRESPOXDKNT:
C. C. CAR LTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN' II. SMITH 30 Trlbnne Building
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
TTa!2crf-AEtcria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hffl Hotel. ' '
RUSSIAN SUGAR.
THE policy of the Dingley bill being to protect
domestic sugar lefining, by giving a differential
duty on refined sugar to offset the cost of re
fining, it became necessary to extend this method
to the bounty-paid beet sugar of Europe by adding to
the differential an amount equal to the bounty. This
countervailing duty was put at once upon the German
sugar, and has* now been added to the normal dif
ferential on the beet sugar of Southern Russia.
To comprehend the situation as a protective meas
ure it is only necessary to realize that the bounty
paid by the Governments of the beet sugar countries
reduces the cost of lefining to such an extent that
bountied sugar can enter this country in spite of the
normal differential. The effect of bountied sugar is
shown in England. That country does no sugar re
fining at all, but takes the bountied sugar of the Con
tinent. Although England has cane sugar lands in
abundance in her tropical colonies, her free trade pol
icy, acted upon by the sugar bounty of the Continent,
has obsoletcd her production of raw and refined
sugar.
Under the protection policy of this country the
sugar issue is exactly the same as all the other issues
involved.
The law is not made by the Secretary of the Treas
ury, but, as he has justly observed, is committed to
him for enforcement. When he ordered the counter
vailing duty put on Russian sugar the importer had
his recourse in a protest which finally reaches the
General Appraisers, 2nd from them an appeal lies 10
the Circuit Court. Until this recourse has been ex
hausted, and the process is not long, it may not be
said that Russian sug3r is excluded. If the importers
do not protest at all, it is their admission that the
Secretary has only enforced the law, and the only
further appeal is to Congress.
It is said that Russia has already retaliated by im
posing maximum duties on American machinery and
metal products.
This will affect our exports, especially to Siberia,
where American mining machinery is in demand. But
Russian commercial interests confess that American
manufactures are the cheapest and best, and to ex
clude them compels a resort to products that cost
more and are of less excellence.
European discomfort under the rapid extension of
our trade and in the face of our capacity to protect
it has shown another symptom in Austria, where our
pork products arc about to be shut out in the interest
of the home p/oducer, although his pork is neither
as cheap nor as good.
It must not be forgotten that European Govern
ments which pursue this policy of exclusion have
finally to reckon with their own consumers. These
have had a chance at American products, have found
them cheaper and better than others, and will not
long patiently pay more for inferior articles.
Germany and England expect benefit to their ex
port trade from the action of Russia. But unless they
economize production and improve the quality of
their product they will not long enjoy any benefit
from a mere!}' artificial event in commerce.
A Trinity of Bcformers,
How would It be If Mr. Bryan, the Rev.
Mr. Sheldon and W. T. Stead should form
a trinity for the regeneration of the
world? Mr. Stead could take Chicago,
Mr. Bryan could solve the problems of
Great Britain, while Mr. Sheldon could da
what his partners left undone. If the trU>
could not show us how the world shouM
be run we should have to come to the con
clusion that it was a hopeless task.—Phil
adelphia Telegram.
Will Corbin Outrank Miles?
Query— Now that General Miles Is lieu
tenant general, will Corbin still outrank
him?— Indianapolis News.
Corbin outranked him when Miles had
the rank, pay and uniform of a lieuten
ant general, and it is to be presumed that
the conferring of the comrriii.sion will
make no dlfTerer.ee. Miles will have the
privilege of appending "by order of tn«
lieutenant general commanding" and sign
ing his name to army orders, but Corbin
will continue to dictate tho ordeTS.—
Kansas City "World.
A Hint to Congress.
The report to tho French Chamber of,
the bill providing 1,400,000 francs for new
embassy buildings at Washington and
Vienna contained this passage: "However
heavy the sacrifice may be, we do not
hesitate to ask the Chamber to accept it.
believing- -with the Government that it is
essential for the proper working of our
services and the dignity of the representa
tion of France in two of the greatest
powers In the world." Isn't It near time
for our Congress to follow this example*
and provide us with proper embassies in
the great capitals ?-New York Evening
Sun.
Distance Annihilator.
The Weather Bureau has been able to
telegraph fifty miles without wires, and
thinks 500 miles will soon be possible Tho
wireless system is now a pretty well
established fact and the early part of tho
twentieth century will no doubt see It In
general use. The Imagination is almost
staggered at Its possibilities. Who can
say that wireless telegraphs will not be
so perfected some clay that everybody
can carry around his own sending: and
receiving Instruments and strike up a con
versation with a friend on the other side
of the globe at will, and as easily as he
would talk to him face to face? Talk
about a "distance annlhilator," here It 1st
— Indianapolis News.
Admit Them to Statehood.
Congress ought not to adjourn with
out giving to New Mexico statehood. 1 . It
Is forty-one years since New Mexico, was
organized Into a Territory. It has peoplo
erough and property enough to support &
State government, and the objection that
a great portion of the people are cf an
other race and not fitted to take part !n
self-government does not any more count
because there are enough ther» of Amer
icans to handle the machinery of statt*.
and there are no visible reasons -why the
Government would not be as pure as that
of ordinary States In the Union. Give tin*
Territories a chance. Let them work out
their own salvation. — Salt Lake Tribune.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
rigation will cost $36,000,006,000, or that it is an af
fair of the States and not of the nation. . ' .j
" : ~ ' ..." .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901-
6
AMUSEMENTS.
ATfcarefcra— "Unrte Jr*h Erruceby."
Otj beom—VkodevHIe.
Gmn<3 O; era-house— "Cyrano <Je Bergerar."
Alcazar — "Whrt ]iai>r>«r.?<l to Jones."
Columbia— "Zaau** Uoadiy, February 25.
Tivoll— "Wizard of the Nile."
Ontral — ••Chimmje Fad-len."
California— "The Waifs of Xew Tork."
Clj-rapla. com«r Mason and EdJy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tl:tater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
even'.ri;.
Fischer"*— Vaudeville.
Golden Gate Hall— Abt. the Mr.triolinlst.
UetropoUtaa Tenir'.e — Henschels Recital, Sunday night,
February 14.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tar.foran Park — Race*.Requiem Mass for the Dead.
In accordance with their annual custom
the members of Ignatlan Council No. 35,
Y. M. I., have arranged for a solemn high
mass of requiem for the repose of the
souls of their departed brothers. It will
bo celebrated to-morrow morning at St.
Dominic's Church. . Bush and Stelner
streets, commencing at 10 o'clock. The
sermon will be delivered by Rev. Jame9
K. Newell, O. P.. chaplain 1 of Ignatlan
Council. _^.The music will be rendered by
a large find select choir. Relatives and
friends of departed members of the insti
tute are invited to be present.
Chief Engineer Holmes Besigns.
At the regular meeting of the Board of
Harbor Commissioners yesterday tha
resignation of Howard C. Holmes, chief
engineer of the board, was accepted, to go
Into effect March 1. •
In his letter resigning 1 his position Mr.
Holmes told the commission his work for
private corporations necessitated hi3
whole attention. Tho position is worth
$3000 per asnum.
Only routine matters and the reading: of
the minutes of the last session occupied
the commission's attention yesterday. It
will hold a special meeting next Tuesday.
"Water Front Notes.
The transport Wyefleld Bailed for
Manila yesterday with a general cargo.
Ehe will go direct and will be tho first of
the fleet .ever to have done so.
The brlp Pltcalrn has cleared for Manila
and will take a general cargo on a trading
cruise.
Captain J. M. Andrews of the Stockton
steamer Captain Weber died at his home
1CU Waller street, Tuesday night. The
deceased was well known en tho San
Joaquin and leaves a host of friends be
hind him.
Eugene G. Bacon, a night watchman at
the Presidio, slipped and fell at the corner
of Kentucky and Eighteenth streets and
broke two of his ribs. He waa attended
by Dr. Armlstead at the harbor hospital.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariivrs and
Shipping Merchants.
The Dltton will load wheat for Europe. 3f»
9d; the Lord Cairns, same voyage, 38s, re
chartered: the Pengwern. grain and lumber at
Tacoma for South Afrira; the J. C. Glnde has
cleared for Valparaiso with wheat at 32s Cd.
Flour for Manila.
The brig Fltcalrn cleared yesterday for Ma
nila with 22M barrels ot flour valued at J731S.
A Cargo for Mexico.
Th<* pchocner Gen«-rnl Banning cleared yes
terday for Mazatlan with thfl following cargo
to be landd at various Mexican ports, valued
at l:'4.r.'"2: 31 cs blsstlag caps, T9.CO0 lbs pow
d«T. 1400 cs cartridges. •»250 lbs tea, 2 cs gunn,
5 1'kEi" fpt>cer!«"? pnd provision?, 54.S6O ft lum
ber. 201 pes earthenware, 1716 bdls snooks, 100
balcn hay, 15 cs gasoline, 22 k*>gs nails, 30.105
n>« tallow, ICo M!s latlis, 10 bales cinnamon,
20 bbla ginger ale.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
Th* steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Steamer Mov«ments.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of HW?h anu Low
Waters at Fort Point, ' entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ond low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tho
height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 21.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given In tho left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column given the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
piven by the charts. The plane of reference
I* the mean of the. lower low waters.
Victoria with the following cargo valued at
J10.5D1: 3 cs musical Instruments, 20 pkgs
raisins, 27 pkgs groceries and provisions, 4
bdls wire goods. 40 crs potato?*.' 83 cs vege
tables, S613 tbm butter, 2S cs canned goods, 15
cs syrup, 15 cs honey, 64S bxs oranges, 100
bbls 20 cs oil, 10 cs dry goods, 16 cs axle
grease, GO cs hardware, 415 cs eggs, 323 tins
matches, 167 lt>s tobacco, 113 bxs lemons, 10
cs whisky, 1500 lbs chocolate, 24,730 Its. malt,
202 gals wine, 20 cs drugs, 225 bis paste, It
pkgs varnish, 10 pkgs machinery, 1750 lbs dried
fruit.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday, February 20.
Stmr Corona. Hlnkle, 67 hours from. New
port and way r>orts.
Stmr Luella, MaCsen, 36 hour* from San
Pedro.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. S3. hours from
Seattle.
Uer ship Edmund, Gerdau, IS days from San
ta Rosalia, via San Diego i days. In tow of tug
L Luckenbach.
Brlc Harriet G. Wayland, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Tus L Luckenbach, McCoy.- IS days from
Santa Rosalia, Ma San Diego 4 days, with Ger
ship Edmund In tow.
CLEARED.
W<?dnesday, February 20.
Stmr -tTmatina, Cousins, Victoria; Ooodall,
Perkins & Co.
Brig Piteairn. Blaln. Manila; J F Blaln.
Schr General Banning, Bennerwltz, Mazat
lan; Wm Olsen.
MEMORANDUM,
SAILED.
Wednesday. February 20.
Stmr Roonoke, Weaver, Panama.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Diego.
Wmr Kureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Htmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria.
Stmr Arcata, N«-lson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, .
Br stmr Wyelicld, Gow, Manila.
Br ship Crown of England. Higglns, Queens
town.
Br ship Crown of England, IliCKln?, Queens
town.
Br ship Manx King, Pratt, Queenstown.
Bark iTussia. Jensen, Columbia River.
Bktn Trojilc Bird, Jackson. Papeete.
Echr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Abble M Deerlng-, Christiansen, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 20, 10 p m-Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 8 miles.
Per Ger BhlD Edmund— Went ashore Nov IS
near Santa Rosalia. Towed off by tug L Luck
enbach Jan 16. Sailed for San Francisco Feb 2.
Put Into San Diego Feb 10 and called again
Feb 16.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrl\-ed Feb 20— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, from Grays Harbor.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 12— Schr Robert
Lewers, from Port Gamble.
BANDON— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Arco. for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Balled Feb 20— Bktn Skaglt,
for Honolulu.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 20— Tug
Collts, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 20— Schr Salh
Buenaventura, for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb 29— Schr W F Jewett. hence
Jan 12.
SOUTH BEND— Balled Feb 20— Schr Repeat.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Empire,
hence Feb 18. •
EURRKA— Arrh-ed Feb 19-Stmr "Westport.
hence Feb IS; etmr North Fork, hence Feb 18.
'Jan 20— Stmra Alliance and San Pedro, hence
Feb 19.
Sailed Feb 20 — Schr Bertie Minor, for Hono
lulu; stmrs Chat Nelson, Brunswick, National
City, Nome City and Lakme. for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 20— Schr C S
Holmes, for Port Blakeley.
SEAH BAY— Paused In Keb 20— Br " *hlp
El<-rra Miranda, from Hongkong; Br stmr Port
Albert; from Manila; stmr Matteawan, hence
Feb 17.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 19— Schr A II Bax
ter, from -Honolulu. Feb 20 — Stmr Victorian,
from Alanka: stmr Al-Kl. from Alaska.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 20— Br stmr Strath
gyle, for China and Japan.
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Leelanaw, hence Feb
ruary 16
- Sailed Feb 20— Schr J M Weatherwax. for
Astoria: 17 8 etmr Gedney, for .
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 20— Ger ehip Marie
Hackfeld, from Honolulu.
Arrived Feb 20— Dutch stmr Wllhelmlna, from
Seattle: Br ship Colony, from Taltal; barge
Washougal and tu«r Samson.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 19-Stmr Alllanca.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 19— Schr H D Ben
dlxen. from Port Gamble: ship Great Ad
miral, from Chemalnus; schr Minnie A Caine,
from Tacomft, «
Arrived prior to Feb 19— Stmr Sonoma, hence
Jan 24.
ROCHES POINT— Passed Feb 18— Br bark
Australia, from Oreson, and waa ordered to
proceed to Antwerp.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 19— Br ship City
of nensres. hence Sept 2?.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Newport,
hence Jan 18.
To sail— Br stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 19— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from "-Vancouver.
SWANSEA— In port Jan 20-^Br bark Colonel
Vlllebois. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— In port Feb 9— Ger ship Nere-
Ide, for Astoria.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Feb 20— Br ship
Pythomene, for San Dleuo.
ACAPUIvCO— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Georcic
from Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 2O-Stmr Sardinian, for Glasgow:
ptmr Trier, for : etmr St I.oulu. for South
ampton^ stmr Majestic, for Liverpool: stmr
Nnrmllcnd. for Antwerp.
BOSTOX-Arrlved Feb 1!>-Stmr Sarmatlan.
from Glar^ow.
HONG KONTi- Arrived prior to Feb 20— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Franclsx-o, via Honolulu, for
Yokohama; Etmr Glen Turret, from Tacoma.
via Yokohama.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 20-Stmr Minneapolis,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Ul
tonla, from Boston, for Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Ivernla, from Liverpool
fcr Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Kai
per Wllhelm der Grosse. from Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg:.
LIZARD— Passed Feb 20— Stmr Westernland,
from New York, for Antwerp.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Staten
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Feb 20-Stmr Kalaer
Wilhelm der OroBse. from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr lAhn.
from Bremen; ftrar Werra, from Naples,
Genoa, etc.
and rubble ballast. On November 2S she
sailed for Portland, but before the offlng
could be made the wind fell light and tho
Edmund began to drift. It was pitch
dark and Captain Gerdau thought his ves
sel was still well offshore when she
grounded on the beach broadside on in
side of Agenda Rock. Every effort was
mrde to get the vessel off and the cap
tain crossed the Gulf of California to
Guaymas and telegraphed to San Fran
cisco for assistance. Captain Metcalfo
went down overland and Captain McCoy
took the Luckenbach down.
When the Luckenbach reached the scene
Captain Gerdau had struck all his top
masts and gangs of natives were taking
ballast out of the vessel. As soon as that
work was accomplished a diver, who went
down on the I>uckenbach, was sent down
and he patched up the big holes in the
ship's sides, after which she was pumped
out. The wreckers went to work on the
big ship on December 22 and on January 36
she was afloat. There were dozens of
small leaks where rivets had sprung and
these had to be stopped, so it was Feb
ruary 2 before a start could be made for
S.in Diego. On arriving at the latter
place there was four feet of water' In the
hold and that had to be pumped out and
the ship patched up again. •
The run from Satt Diego to San Fran
cisco was made in fifty-five hours, but as
it was dark and blowing a gale. Captain
McCoy decided to remain out all night.
Captain McCoy has a very poor idea of
the Mexican way of doing business. The
Luckenbach lay about two ship's lengths
from the wharf and the tup had to make
elsrht or nine trips between the ship an<l
the Ehcre. Every time a permit to dock
had to be procured. This cost a dollar
and s. pilot always brought it out. His
fee for docking the tug was 54. When
Captain McCoy wanted to go out to the
stranded ship again he had to get another
permit and pay another $1. Then tho
p:lot would take the tug out again and
collect another $4. In this way the Mex
icans collected about ?100 from the Luck
enbach In pilotage and permits alone.
The Edmund will bo surveyed to-day
and will go on the drydock next week.
POETLAND'S DECK CAVES IN.
Additional Difficulty Must Be Over-
come Before Sunken Steamer
Can Be Raissd.
The forward deck of th© half sunken
steamer South Portland caved in Tuesday
night and now everybody Is in a quandary
as to Just how the steamer will be raised.
Some weeks ago the steamer's cargo of
lime caught fire and Ehe was scuttled in
order to save the hull. In the attempt to
raise her a caisson was built around the
forward hatch and three Immense pumps
set to work to clear the hold of water.
Just when the vessel began to give signs
of coming up there was a crash and the
deck and pumps went down Into the hold.
The chances are that an attempt will bo
mf.de to raise tho steamer by means of
pontoons to-day.
More than six hundred people were in.
Hoover Hall last night to enjoy the enter
tainment and take part In the military
ball Kiven by Troop A. N. G. C. The hall
was prettily decorated with flags and ban
ners and the members of the troop were
In full uniform. The programme of enter
tainment was made up of many numbers
of vocal and Instrumental music and spe
cialties contributed by Miss C. Erskin,
Tom Carlln, H. Osthoff, C. Hasshagren,
Minnie Huff Carlln, the Gltchell Bisters.
Miss Natal d f Angeles, Little Doris, Dr.
W. H. Sleberst and Lieutenant E. A.
Pierre. The programme was followed by
dancing. .The very enjoyable affair was
arranged by Farrier J. Murray, Quarter
master Sergeant S. L. Cooke, Sergeant H.
Freudenberg\ Chief Trumpeter F. T. En
glo and Musician H. Folk. The reception
committee was Captain Charles Janaen
and Lieutenants C. F. Wells, E. A. Pierre
and E. H. Carr.
Enjoy Military Ball.
p s "yp^HE German four-masted bark Ed-
I mund. that went ashore at Santa
I Rosalia last Xovember, was towed
1L into port by the Spreckels tug
Luckenbach yesterday. Captain
John Metcalfe. Lloyd's surveyor, superin
tended the work of getting the vessel off
and Captain McCoy of tho Luckenbach
gives him all the credit.
"It was a very clever piece of work,"
said Captain McCoy yesterday, "and Cap
tain Metcalfe deserves all the praise. He
gave the orders and I carried them out to
the be3t of my ability."
In return Captain Metcalfe lias nothing
but g'ood to say about the officers and
ctew of the tug. "A better or abler set
of men I have never seen at work," Is the
way he puts It. In any event, a ship
valued at $150,000. which was thought
would be a total loss, is now safe on port
and can be repaired at comparatively
f-mall expense.
The Edmund was formerly tho British
ship William Tell and was on her maiden
voyage for her new owners. She took a
cargo to Santa Rosalia and after dis
charging there took in 1500 tons of sand
Archbishop Riordan has purchased a
choice piece of property on the corner of
Clementina and Fifth streets. This prop
erty ¦ was bought «with the Intention of
erecting thereon a magnificent school fqr
the Sisters of Charity, who are at pres-' 1
ent conducting an educational institution
known as St. Vincent's school at 671 Mis
sion street, between Second and Third.
The property at Fifth and Clementina
streets has a frontage of 175 feet on Fifth
street and 200 feet on Clementina street,
and the purchase price paid Harry Tlce
nor Blackwood is said to be more than
$40,000.
The Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent's
School expect to move into their new
building in about a year's time. Boys
and girls will probably be taught under
the same roof and the branch school for
boys that Is at present being conducted
under the auspices of the Sisters on Ev
erett street will be dispensed with. The
hew school building will cost about $100,
000.
St. Vlncejit's School was established In
this city by the Sisters of Charity in 1852,
under the charge of Sister Frances Mc-
Ennls. The llrst school was established
on a lot where the Palace Hotel now
stands. In 1873 the Sisters moved Into
their present quarters on Mission street.
The average attendance of pupils is about
430, but there have been as many as 600 in
attendance at one time.
Father Cummings, pastor of St. Pat
rick's Church, will have charge of the
erection of the new school building.
Sisters of Charity's Educational In
stitution Known as St. Vincent's
to Have a Tine New "
Home.
Archbishop Purchases Prop
erty at Clementina and
Fifth. Striets.
BUYS NEW SITE
FOR SCHOOL HOUSE
The San Francisco Oil Exchnrge opened
Its doors yesterday in the quarters long
occupied by tbe old Pacific Stock Ex
change on Montgomery street. The occa
t-ion crew a crowd. The opening proceed
ings were brief. The president of tho ex
change, A- Gerberding, delivered an ad
dress, in which he stated tho aims of the
exchange end also adverted to th© condi
tions attending the oil industry of Call
lornia. O. V. Walker, the caller, was in
troduced, and alter instructing the as
eembled brokers concerning tho rules of
the exchange proceeded with the list of
stocks.
Mr. Gerberdir.g's address had several
points of interest In It. Ho said that half
a century ago the. pioneers of California
witnessed the excitement occasioned by
the discovery of gold in this State. Now
the eor.s of these pioneers behold the
cawa of the new century to be illumined
by the light of another great discovery In
California— that of petroleum. Through
it the problem, of the commercial great
::et-s of California is solved and no fur
ther Quest need bo made for coal. Call
:\>rnia had contributed to the world's cof
:ers a thousand million dollars In pre
cious metals. It was within reasonable
belief that the discovery of oil would
prove to bo cf even greater value,
Mr. Gerberding painted a picture of
what might come from the cil discovery-
"We mtiy even compete with the moun
tain streams, whose electric thrill Is now
fdt on every eide," he said. "We may
eid the miner who is still delving for gold.
W© may propel our ocean steamers as we
crive our trains. We may even feed the
fires that bura In distant lands. This dis
covery means more for California than
ar.y of us can know. Add to our acknowl
edged advantages the facilities for manu
facturing and we overcome at once the
one great obstacle to our progress."
Mr. Gerberding explained the purposo
of the exchange to be to trade in the
thares of corporations formed in good
faltii end hocestiv prosecuting the work
of producing oil. The dir<-ctors asked the
co-operation of all the members in main
taining a high End honorable standard.
For the San Francisco Oil Exchange the
friendly consideration of a!l kindred
bodies was asked. The danger that Mr.
Gtrberding faw to menace the oil indus
try was that of over-capitalization. "Be
ware." he said, "lest early success lead
you astray, lost greed tempt you to error
ar.d thus destroy a great business, splen
didly b^grun. 'Whiie the value of the new
industry cannot be overestimated, it will
be safer to think cf thousands than of
millions."
The officers of the San Francisco Ex
change ere: A- Gerberding, president;
Stephen Otis, vice president; C. Ilirsh
fpid. treasurer; Gustave Pohlmar.n. Eecre
ta.ry: Henry C. McPike. attorney; O. V.
Walker, caller. The directors are A. Ger-
Lerdir.g, C Hirshfcld. P. J. Cadogan,
Walter "tt\ Gollln, Stephen Otis, Henry
C. McPike, Charles F. Kapp. E. Meyer
and W. F. Souie.
The daily sessions of the San Francisco
Kxchar.ge will ba held at 10 a. m. and at
1:20 p. m.
The people of Monterey County are con
fidect that they ¦will be able to make a
good fhowir.g as oil producers. They be
lieve that State Mineralogist Cooper was
right when he predicted a future for
*?r<n Ardo. The drillers are busv and are
tun king headway.
The u'A City lJ*<»rrick thinks that the sul
phur in the Texas cil will destroy its
value as fuel oil, and says that a steam
thip could not cross the ocean in safety,
depondir.R upon Texas oil for fuel. The
explanation of this is that in spraying the
oil for use under boilers a chemical com
bination would be formed that would
closely r*»semble sulphuric acid, which
•n-otiM prove highly destructive to the
The heavy ralne interfered with the
work in the Fullerton district.
According to the Bakersn>Id Califor
r'.an, %V. H. H. Hart has sold one-quarter
«-.f emotion 36, 2*. 27. in the Kern River
c Strict for $350,000. He paid, according
to the same authority, {200,000 for the en
tire section, and has a profit of $160,000 to
oate and also retains three-fourths of the
land.
Xar.«=as City 5s about to establish an oil
and stock exchange.
A large sale of land In the Santa Paula
f'ar.yon, Ventura County, has been made.
A. C. Dietz of Oakland has sold 6000 acres
of land. The price reported to have been
raid is $150,000. The purcha5ers are John
McKelvey and associates. McKelvey or-
Iglnally located the land twenty-five years
igo for oil purposes.
A dispatch has been received from K.
A. Plymire, announcing that the Mount
Hhasta and Development Company started
to rand in the first well in Shasta County
en the 13th Jr.st.
Notices of assessments are published bv
the following: named oil companies:
Mount Diablo Oil Mining and Develop
ment Company, 2 cents per share; S. P.
Oil Mining 1 Company. 1\± cents per chare;
I3»vlls Den Development Company, $2 per
ehare; McKittrlck Consolidated Oil Com
jany, 15 cents per share; El Zumo Pure
Oil Company. 1 cent per share; Grand
Prize Oil Company, 1 cent per share; Lone
Star Oil Company. 1 cent per share; Oak
land Oil and AsphaJtum Company, 1V4
cents per share; McKittrick Oil Company,
1 cent per share; United States Oil and
Mining Company. 1 cent per share.
The Los Angeles Times reports concern.
Ir.g the Los Anreles fields that although
the local petroleum market Is weaker
than It has been In several months de
velopment work continues with much ac
tivity In sal sections. Home operators
Mew the recent decline In prices as the
tasual falling off In the demand for oil at
this time of the year and believe that
prices will b« restored when the surplus
oil has been worked off.
Prospecting for oil in the Kramer dis
trict has com© to a standstill owing to the
bad •weather.
The Rex Crude Oil Company and th<»
Rex Oil Company are engaged In a law-
FUlt In the Superior Court In Los Angeles
County. Th«« former company Is seeking
to recover 524.215 damages from the latter.
A correspondent of the Los Anpeles
Times writes the following from Bakers
field:
An Interesting comparison has been made
between the formation on the south side of the
Kern River ar.d that en the north side. A
practical oil man has been carefully watch
ing the formations passed through while slnk-
Ir.g a well on the Eoutli Fide and has found
trait the formations correspond with those of
another treil sunk north of the river on a Cl
j-«»ct ea«t BBfl vr*?i line with the south side
veil. Th» Similarity tends to make those ln
f r^Ft**? !n the Fouth ride Jubilant.
I>cr»utj- Sheriff Dougherty was In Stock
ton recently, having with him samples of
petroleum that he took from his place at
the Junction of Mok'lumne River and Po
tato Slouch. A warn had opened In the
r>cat formation and out of It oozed oil.
I)oujrh*Tty scooped otu a shallow basin
and from It took a bowlful ci oil.* A. H.
Roes of Pennsylvania has visited the place
to make an lnFpection.
The Oil Jloporter figures as follows
Wert cif HI Pa»o and soruth of Portland the
Southern Pacific Company us^s *<S5 engines. If
each witl:- 1 * uf*s elKht tons of fuel oil or
forty-eight barrels a <!ay, the T85 engines would
require the enonrous total of 27.680 barrels a
<*.*y, which is nearly three tiroes the amount
iroflacfd to-day. Even If on^-half the rn
r.n>c on th?s portion of the ryttem -were flt
te2 up as ill burners thf-y voviid require over
1? 0C0 barrelis a cay, which Is more oil than
\r produced io-tfay In the State.
Oil Men Congregate to Hear
President Gerberding's .
Address.
Advice Given — Progress of
Dsvelopment in the
Field.
Purposes of Organization. Defined and
SAN FRANCISCO
EXCHAHGE OPENS
STRANDED GERMAN SHIP EDMUND
IS FLOATED AND ARRIVES IN PORT
mnjTi(Miffflpfc«* i | 'fl f if ssaHBMWgppBHM^HBHMMiiBMMiBeBaiat ; .
THE SAN FR AN CISCO C AX,li, THURSD A Y, FEBRUARY 2 1 , 1901 .
SPRECKELS TOWBOAT COMPANY'S LUCKENBACH TOVTIXG THE GERMAN SHIP EDMUND INTO PORT. THE
EDMUND "tt'ENT ASHORE AT SANTA ROSALIA AXD THE TUG WAS SENT DOWN TO GET HER OFF. THE
WORK WAS SATISFACTORILY PERFORMED.
7
Steamer. I From. I Due.
I Due.
„ 1
City Rio Jan... 'China and Japan [Feb. 21
Robt. L>ollaV... I Seattle Feb. 2t
Fedr-rlca iXanatmo Keb. 21
Mackinaw iSeattle Feb. II
Czarina 'Seattle and Tacoma.... K«>b. 21
State of Cal....jPucet Sound Port Feb. 21
Point Arena... (Point Arena Feb. 21
Banta Ito«a ; San DIcro Feb. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 21
Argo Coqullle River Feb. 21
AVashtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 21
Nome City Humboldt Feb. 21
XcwburK Orays Harbor Feb. 22
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 2J
f-'an Pedro.,... Humboldt Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 23
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Empire Coos Bay ; Feb. 23
Xorth Fork Humboldt Feb. 24
G. W. Elder ! Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
Hyadeg (Oyster Harbor Feb. 21
Donlta (Newport Feb. 24
Quetn.. San Diego Feb. 24
Titania • Nanaimo Feb. 24
Alamcda j Sydney and Way Ports Feb. 23
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 25
Mattewan Tacoma Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 26
Walla Walla...} Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
L#elanaw IFeattle Feb. 2fi
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Corona INewpcit Feb. 27
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 21.
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Humboldt Alaska v Puget Sd 2 pm Pier 2
February 22.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona Humboldt ,. 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
Fcbrnory 23.
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Febrnnry — ».
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
February 25.
EmplMt.'; Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Bureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Punet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Febrnnry 2(1.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport 3 nm Pier 11
FVbrnnry 27.
Arcata Coos Bay [12 m Pier 13
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
City Rio Jan. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
O. \\\ Elder. 'Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
?un rises 6:53
5un sets 5:54
Moon seta I 9:is p. m.
3 Time Time » Time Time
2. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
J> II W L W H W L W
!1 ... 1:04 6.6 6:56 0.8 1:15 6.4 7:11 oT«
» ... 1:41 6.7 7:43 0.6 2:15 6.0 7:55 l.»
3 ... 2:21 6.8 8:47 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 l.»
!4 ... 3:10 5.8 9:54 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:3.') 3.3
S ... 4:00 5.8 11:06 .0.3 6:01 4.J 10:40 2.8
!6 ... 5:01 C.T 12:20 0.1 7:21 4. * 11:55 3.0
!7 ...| 6:10 5.7| 1:25| 0.0 8:30 4.4
Steamer. I From. I Due.
I Due.
„ 1
City Rio Jan... 'China and Japan [Feb. 21
Robt. L>ollaV... I Seattle Feb. 2t
Fedr-rlca iXanatmo Keb. 21
Mackinaw iSeattle Feb. II
Czarina 'Seattle and Tacoma.... K«>b. 21
State of Cal....jPucet Sound Port Feb. 21
Point Arena... (Point Arena Feb. 21
Banta Ito«a ; San DIcro Feb. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 21
Argo Coqullle River Feb. 21
AVashtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 21
Nome City Humboldt Feb. 21
XcwburK Orays Harbor Feb. 22
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 2J
f-'an Pedro.,... Humboldt Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 23
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Empire Coos Bay ; Feb. 23
Xorth Fork Humboldt Feb. 24
G. W. Elder ! Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
Hyadeg (Oyster Harbor Feb. 21
Donlta (Newport Feb. 24
Quetn.. San Diego Feb. 24
Titania • Nanaimo Feb. 24
Alamcda j Sydney and Way Ports Feb. 23
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 25
Mattewan Tacoma Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 26
Walla Walla...} Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
L#elanaw IFeattle Feb. 2fi
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Corona INewpcit Feb. 27
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 21.
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Humboldt Alaska v Puget Sd 2 pm Pier 2
February 22.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona Humboldt ,. 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
Fcbrnory 23.
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Febrnnry — ».
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
February 25.
EmplMt.'; Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Bureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Punet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Febrnnry 2(1.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport 3 nm Pier 11
FVbrnnry 27.
Arcata Coos Bay [12 m Pier 13
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
City Rio Jan. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
O. \\\ Elder. 'Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
?un rises 6:53
5un sets 5:54
Moon seta I 9:is p. m.
3 Time Time » Time Time
2. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
J> II W L W H W L W
!1 ... 1:04 6.6 6:56 0.8 1:15 6.4 7:11 oT«
» ... 1:41 6.7 7:43 0.6 2:15 6.0 7:55 l.»
3 ... 2:21 6.8 8:47 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 l.»
!4 ... 3:10 5.8 9:54 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:3.') 3.3
S ... 4:00 5.8 11:06 .0.3 6:01 4.J 10:40 2.8
!6 ... 5:01 C.T 12:20 0.1 7:21 4. * 11:55 3.0
!7 ...| 6:10 5.7| 1:25| 0.0 8:30 4.4
Directory
nmUinm
Reputable
«*& oil &*
Companies:
CALIFORNIA FORTUNE OIL CO. ~ '
SO acres In Sunset, 80 acres In McKittrlck
and 320 'acres in Coallnga. Are now drilling
In Sunset. Limited amount of stock at SOc.
Information and prospectus furnished on appll- !
cation to K. DKNICKE, Secretary, at office
of company,'614 Parrott bldgr., San Francisco.
COLUSA CONSOLIDATED OIL and REFIX-
IN'G CO.— Owns 4414 acres 8 miles west of Ar-
buckle, Colusa County, in the heart of the- oil
district. Parafflne base oil. 'Limited amount of
stock at 23c; 30.0C0 shares sold in 10 days. In-
formation and prospectus furnished. Office 23
Montgomery street, entrance room 8. .»
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
Lands in heart of Kern River Dist. ; owns S20
acres: 100,000 shares capital stock; limited
•mount of -treasury stock for sale at 75 cents.
; Write or call for information and rr-JDpeotus.
CHAS. CONKLI.V, Sec. Genl. office. 667 Market.
Dey Crude Oil Company.
STRUCK OIL at 200 feet within 600 feet of
our property. We have a few shares left at
25 cents per share. Capital 100,000 shares at tl
each. Machinery ready to drill. DEY CRUDE
OIL CO., room 6, eighth floor. Mills bldgr.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.
LANDS AT McKITTRICK.
Small block of stock at 15c: price will bo
advanced to 23c March 1. If you want a ground
floor proposition -where the company mean busi-
ness, here it 1».
Prospectus and Information furnished on" ap-
plication.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.,
Safe Deposit Building;, 323 Montgomery t\.
San Francisco, Cal.
ESMERALDA
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.— Lands in San
Benlto County. Small block of treasury stock
for sale, II. Prospectus on application and In-
formation furnished at. office of A. KINGS-
BURY. 665 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
Oil absolutely sure; heart of producing sec-
tion. Drilling; be in oil sands tn 15 days.
Small amount treasury stock. 50c. Write for
prospectus or call. 333 Parrott bldg.. S. F.
GREAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
. A1BNTCO.
Stock SOc. Inter Nos Oil' £ Development Co.
stock 25c. Lands In Monterey and Kern coun-
ties. Prospectus and Information at office of
MOSLETTER & ALLEN. "365 and 566 Parrott
buildlnff, S. F.
Investors' Assured. Stock
In a company owning: producing well.
20c Per Share.
Wrlto or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. , 477 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRYESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY — Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil In California Is found; stock at 20
cents; prospectus furnished. 570 and 571 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
NORMAL .OIL COMPANY.
Stock non-aoessable. Lands in Monterey and
San LuU Oblspo counties. Small amount of
stock now selling: at 15c. Prospectus and infor-
mation on application. NORMAL COMPANT,
E64 Parrott. building, S. F. . .
SAUNAS t)IL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down 300 feet: small amount of treasury
stock at i5c per ehare. Prospectus and- map
and Information on application. J. B. OLSEN,
Secretary, 574 Parrott building. San Francisco.
THE WELLINGTON
v OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 440 acres. Are drilling. Some stock
is, heftier sold at 30c per share. Information and
prospectus furnished on application. No. 3.
Second ¦ Floor. Mllln Bulldlns. San FranclRCO.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, en line of railroad, for
tale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAK-
MEN * SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent.) .
101 Chronicle bids.. San Francisco. ,
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery street. •
What a luxury Pears*
soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
AH sort* of people use it, all sorts of stores
odl i$ espccuuif druggists.
AMTJSEMITSTT3.
GRAND* OPERA. HOUSE
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
— AND
M. COQUELIN,
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW NIGHT.
"CYRANO DK BEKGERAC."
SATURDAY MATINEE. INSTEAD OV
"PHKDRE." BY GENERAL REQUEST "LA.
TOSCA" WILL BE PRESENTED. TO BK
FOLLOWED BY 'LES* PREC1ECSES RIDI-
CULES." Saturday evening, farewell night.
third act of "Cyrano de ISergerac." third act
of "La Tcsca." ir.onolo«ue by M. Coquelln. last
two acts ot "La Dam- *ux Camellas."
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT and M. COQUE-
LIN Will Appear in Every Performance.
Branch Ticket OfSce— Emporium.
ilj^v. J. .ri J\. I
COMMENCINO SUXDAT EVENING NEXT.
REOPENING OF STOCK SEASON.
MR. HOWARD HALL
j "A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
; The sensational incident of -which will be hla
> rescue of a glove from a den r,t liens.
Usual Popular Prices.
Seats Now on Sale.
A Big Bill and Entirely New.
DUMOND'9 MINSTRELS: A. L. GUILLEi
THREE KELCEY SISTERS: JOHNNII3'
JOHNS: AL and MAMIE ANDERSON;
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONO:
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER: GEOROE
. AUSTIN MOORE; THE GREAT AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. 23c: balcony. Me; eper*
chairs and box seats, COc.
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW,
WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY.
TICKETS NOW ON SALB.
vUkUlffllSlM IMISGTHHT3E
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders takea for
the first nlzht.
SSJRday* FEBRUARY 25th,
ONLY APPEARANCES HERE QP MR3.
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As Zf\ZJ\ In
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAY .
(A Version of Berton & Simon's Drama).
MP.S. CARTER, by Special Request, will
give an Extra Matlr.ee.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 27.
In Addition to th« Regular Saturday Matinee.
PRICES— $:.C0. Jl.;o. *1.00. Kc and 50c.
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
THIS WEEK GNLY-MATIXEE SATURDAY.
The Sensational Scenic Production.
THE WAITS
? NEW YORK
f^____ The Great Bridge Seen*.
|j» L • The Famous Old Five Points, New
LjJjjj Tork -
m *~ m -~~ xj,e Great Fire. Scene.
POPULAR PRICES 73c. 50c. Kb
Commencing Sunday afternoon, Feb. 24. that
¦which will please you nost.
'THE VILLAGE PARSON/'
Phone .-x.mil »70.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
THE ORIGINAL
UNCJLEl 35 Pc °p 1c -
JOSH Bands.
SPRUCEBY.
Carload of Special Scenery. All New Special-
ties. V.'atch fomhe Parade Open Air Concert.
PRICES— 25c. 33c. Me and 73c. Matinee —
15c. ICc, 33c and &Oc.
Ne-xt Sunday Afternoon.
AL G. FIELD GREATER T.TIVSTRFLS.
FIFTY PEOPLE— ALL ARTISTS.
*• m»s7 cm turn
Phone South S33
TO-XIGHT. Every Evening This Week.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW (Friday).
Washington's Birthday.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Grand Production of the Great Comedy Drama,
CHIMMIE FADDEN
6e« tha Bowery Boy— CHIMMIE FADDEN.
Bowery of New York Realistically Pictured.
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 13c, 33c, 50o
nUWCJ Matinees..; 10c. 15c 23o
Next Week — Mammoth Production o£ "THB
GIRL I>EFT BEHIND ME."
olymfia
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE d
THB CITY.
WILLIAIVTOE BOE,
Vaudeville's Greatest Aerial Juggler.
ERNEST~~HAUSER,
Th« King of Xylophonlsts.
MABEL~HUDSON,
The California Nightingale.
QUERITA~VINCENT,
Always a Favorite.
And OUR CELF.BRATET> STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
\MATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY-
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES/nd ZOO
SPECIAL TONiaBT— TDE AMATEURS
And a Ladies* Running Race.
TO-MORROW, BlGCELEBRATIOiN
WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY.
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY
AT NIGHT.
Telephone fcr Seats— Park C
THt SAN FRANCISCO JOGXEY CLUB,
TANFORAX PARK.
Continuous Racing. Beginning Monday. Febru-
ary 11, 1301.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Event* Three Hurdle Races and SLx
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT M0 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend utreets for
. Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 12:«0. 1.
1:50 and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
• for San Francisco at 4:15 p. in., followed after >
the last race at Intervals of a few minute* by
several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to course.
Including railroad fare, $1 23.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Raclr* Secretary
' \ AD VEBTISEMENTSJ •
i ?08feto*7 cored by there
lilttle Pills.
Tieyal»r»ueve Distress from Dyspepab,
indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet xenady far Dizziness, Nausea, DrowsS*
ness, Bad Taste tn tht Mouth, Coated Tongue
fain fa the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bcrwda* Purely Vegetable. ' ,i
Small Pill, Small Dose.
\ Smaffi Pf Ice*^
AN UNSIGHTLY MOUTH.
Do not permit the lack of teeth, or the
presence of ugly teeth, to. disfiffure the
mouth. The adding of new
TEETH
Or the extraction of the old 13 a matter
of no difficulty. Neither operation
causes pain. Our methods of
DENTISTRY
Keep step with the advancement of the
science. Our prices are based upon the
excellent quality of our work.
CHALMERS~D*ENTAL CO.,
San Francisco. 133 POWELL ST.
DAI h fi[" These hotels po«-
I AlAuL 8css the attributes
1 nknuk that tourists and
Alin travelers appreciate
G'lU — central location,
PDANn liberal manage-
U II rill LI ' nient, modern ap-
HflTri O pointments and
HOTELS, p A^nTa i5 k n j.
San FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of th«
Organs of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sal* by druggists.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TS VOLI*
KVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
"THAT'S 0N-THIN6 AWIZARD CAN DO."
CROWD THE HOUSE NIGHTLY.
WIZARD
% E NILE!
By Harry B. Smith and .Victor Herbert.
Reappearance of ALF. C. WHEELAN.
"HOOT MONl"
POPULAR FRTCES 25 and SO cenU
Telephone — Bush t.
ACT 1-YOU LAUGH. . } \
ACT J-YOU YELL. ' | ¦ ]
ACT 3— YOU SCREAM. ?
"What Happened
To Jones "
REGULAR MATINEE SAT. AND SUN.
EXTRA MATINEE FRIDAY, Februarr ».
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
19t«-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. 11 TO FEB. 23. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or ihlne.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at U m. and
It JO, l, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains Jtopplng at the entrance t> the
track Last two cars on train reserved for
l.idi#s and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
tkctrlc cart at -Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via. Alamedi mole coa-
r.ect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
sr.d Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
i Returning— Trains leave the track at 1:15 and
4*45 p m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
.R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
jfc T>TWT THE GREATEST
/\ T\ J I MANDOL1NIST IN THB
x * a -* * 9 WORLD.
WEEK OF FEB. 18— GOLDEN 6ATE HALL.
GRABBER'S MANDOLIN CLUB, 100 Members
HAZEL LEZYNSKY, Soprano.
' ABT uses ando|ndars?s the Famous WASH-
BURN Mandolin, for which KOHLER A
CHASE are sole ajents.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) EVENING, at S:15.
LAST CONCERT OF — j
LEONORA JACKSON
The World-Famous' Violinist.
Assisted by JOSEPHINE ELBURNA. Soprano.
and SELDEN PRATT, Pianist.
POPULAR PRICES— SOc. 73c and »L
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman. Clay ft
Co.'s. •
HENSCHELSf
• METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
TUESDAY, THURSDAY and SATURDAY
AFTERNOONS, February Mth. 2Sth and-
March 2d.
POPULAR PRICES.
Reserved Seats 50c. 75c and tl.CO. now on sale
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
FISCHER'S co 1S5gSJ l S u "-
. - "f he Leonls. Swor. SJcGreavey and Swor.
IRosco and Sims, the Alcedos. Ruth Nelta. Ger*
tie Ansell. and Hlnrlchs' augmented orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2—
February 73% 75«4 73% 74 VI
March 74».« 74% 74V4 74V4
May 75H 7CH .«•). 76ii
•! Corn No. 2—
February < ¦ .... ZS%
March 39 30^ 39 2S\
May .»- 40»4 40% 40H 40*4
Oats No. 2 —
February ' .... 2i%
May rT. 25* 25% a% 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl--
February 13 82V_
May 14 10 14 15 14 07% 14 12V*
I^ard. per 100 lbs—
I March "•50j'
i May ..; :....... 7 474 . 7.53 7 47V_ 7 &
! July 7 5»Vi/7 6D , 7 62Vi 7 CO
! Short Ribs, per 100 Ibs4
1 February ¦ .... 705
May 7 10 7 10 7 07^ 7 10
(September 7 20 7 22H 7 20 7 224
•JEW YORK. F*b. 29-Tne dread of the un
known was th» depressing factor in the stock
market to-day. Preparations were evidently
b»ine made for the interim or three consecutive
holidays by lightening speculative loads. The
poFSlbilltle* of the three days' Interval which
were canvassed by the rp*-culatlve. public were
by no means wholly on the side of depression.
but whatevt-r favorable developments seemed
r^'dble have been . thoroughly discounted
that tho balance is considered clearly on the
ride at lower 1 rices. The speculative world
reems to have arrived at .the conclusion that
the completion of the details of the steel merger
is not likely to l>e followed immediately by
a carr.rcim of manipulation for higher prices
in order to mnke a market for the new se
curities, lt will !>• remembered that this was
what happened tv.-o year* ago when the pewly
fledged industrials were flrtt thrown upon the
v.priU. Indications rwm to polr.t. clearly to a
iosire for <julet flock market conditions for
the present on the part of the financial powers
who art- most largely concerned in the steel
r.eroilatlons. -as they have also been In the
r<'<-ent railroad consolidation. It is not loo
hard to un'ie'-Mand why. v.lth cn'.ossal financial
undertakings la em'.iryo. those concerned in
them *hou!d <>r!rr- n<ost of all quiet and stable
corUitlrns. both In :he mcn»y and stock mar
kets. The progress of nepotintions Is necessa
rily Involved in further complexity by marked
fluidity^ of market price? for nocks and uncer
tain rate* for monr-y. This makes Intelligible
the evident >*.'¦-"'*» of the financial powers to
S!»woiirajre ftirlher exctted *peculatlon at this
time. Of e-~ur»e a violent break In price* would
be equalls' at variance with their w|she». The
r»rtaliity ihct powerful mppoy would he ae
rord">! to prevent a rii.-i.Vn and violent <5»cllne
t>p<_l to repr.«n« l»»sr firCvlty. It is ••v'd-tjt
thai cv«r) cfTort Is maktSB m pre»--.erv» the
».r»«rr,;iii!!ry of the CSoMy market I)" keeping
ivellaMe ul! :--s*IM« resources and nleo by
r»«!>«ui1iic exjVMtteiw of ophMons as t» the
• MJitr r.( the r-on^y market to nie*t future re
ja'Tii'^-.ts. An effert was ma:l- durinr the
»;tern»vin to turn lh» -larket as-nlnst the rhorts
kt tie hone nt driving them t.i r<i\fr. tt-.it the
it"ri riovcl futile ard tin* rl^slne was w<\ak,
#1tli r.i»T;' rt<-<-K» «t Ihe lowest. Ti:TC wa* a
i^r'.r.car.t fcnrak in th; principal steel nocks
Xcw York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
OlOth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 20, 19)1—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
la*t season, and rainfalls in the last twenty-
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C4 d^rf <* ; mir.imum. 54; mean, SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rresrure ha? r!vn rapidly over the
northern half cf the Pacific siope. and condi
tions are more favorable for lair weather
then they have been for nearly a week. There
has been a slight fa!l along the coast couth of
Polr.t Conception.
The temperature is abnormally high over the
entire Pacific slope. In the northern end of
the Facramento Valley and throughout the
Cierras the t*nipf'ratur' i s are from 10 to 14
degree* warmer than usual. The warm
weather, with the heavy rainfall, has caused
a rapid rise in the rivers of the Sacramento
ar.d San Joaquin valleys. The rivers will con
tir.ue to rise Thursday forenoon, probably fall
ing by Thursday night in the northern portion
of the valley.
The following special river reports have been
received: Red Bluff 21.4 feet and rUlng (the
danger line is _! feet): Sacramento 55 feet and
rising-, danger line 29 feet; Mary-vlUe 13.« feet.
(iant'r line 79 fee-.; Colusa. 23.7 feet, danger
Jlne 25 feet ; Waterford 12 feet, danger line 16
feet. The ri\er at Folsora is 21 feet, and h_s
fallen about two feet.
Forecast m»d» at San Francisco for thirty
h»urs endir.ie midnight. February 21. 1M1:-
For N-rrthrm California— Cloudy Thursday,
probably clearing during the day. light north
erly winds.
For Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
northerly wind.
For Nevada — Cloudy Thursday.
For T'tah — Cloudy Thursday.
For A rliona— Cloudy Thursday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Thursday.- with fog In the morning: light south
erly winds, changing to northerly; not so
warm.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
There Is nothing new under this head, all
descriptions remaining inactive at*~» the old
pries.
BEANS- Daycs, JI ZCQ2 75; Sir.ali V.'hltj,
Beans and Seeds.
There were practically . three days' receipts
of Hay on the market yesterday morning, but
they were not excessive' and the. feeling waa
steady, llran Is still quoted firm.
i BRAN-J1M717 per ton. k
MIDDLINGS— $16 50C19 E0 per ten.
FEEDSTUFFS— Roll-d Barley. I1MI1C 5n per
ton: Oilcake Meal nt the milt. JC54126; Jobbing.
J26 £0; Cocoanut Cake. H7«flS; Corn Meal. J?J
SF25 M>; Cracked Corn, J25 i0f?26; Mixed Feed,
tlt#16.
HAY— Volunteer, $5@S: Wheat. «Kil3;
"Wheat and Oat. J<><312; Oat, I9S11 50: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, fsj/'J .",0; Bnrley, $7 CO-f/s 50
STRAW— SZStW.ic per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Rolled Cats and Green Split Peas have been
marked up. There Is no change In Flour.
FLOUR— California Family Kxtras. $3 2Z<8
13 CO. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15(13 25;
Oreyon. $2 75fl2 S3 per barrel for family and
12 VoQS for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. 12 7J
OS.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75; Rye
Meal. J2 W; Rice, Flour, $7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, 14 50; Hcm
iny. W W)©3 75; Buckwheat Flour. W3* 25;
Cracked Wheat. 13 50; Farina, 14 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 21: Rolled Oats (barrels), JG 10
@7 60; in sacks. J5 75£7 25; Pearl Barley. ?5;
Split Peas, tZ; Green -Peas, $6 5d per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— Continue dull and easy, with general
weakness in white, owing to the recent heavy
receipts from the north.
White. $1 25©1 45: Surprise, nominal: Red.
II 25S1 40 for Feed and II 33©1 45 for Seed:
Gray, nominal: Black, for feed, U 17»4fil 20;
for seed. II 25igl 20 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow, $1 12HSI 13: White, Jl 15;
Eastern, mixed, Jl 1214 per ctl.
RYE— Inactive at Sl'iSESc . per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
6Sc.
Second Session— No change.
Regular Mornlnft Session— No change.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls,
S9Hc: 16.000. 99»4c. December— 2000, Jl 04U; 4000,
U 04%; 11.0CO, $1 O4V4. ' •
-Afternoon Session— May— 12.0C0 ctls. 99%c:
4000. 99%c December— 10.000, tl 04%; 12.000,
U 04 4.
BARLEY— Continues neglected and un
changed.
Feed. 72'ic for choice bright, 70#TlUc for No.
1 and 6"Hc for oft guides; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 75©80c: Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May — WOO ctls,
tSV.c. r>ccember— K.COQ ctls. $1 03«i; »CCO, $1 03%.
S'econd Session— December — 2000 ctls, $1 04V4.
CALL BOARD SALES
Chicago reported an improving tone, with
the crowd bearish, but good commission buy
ing:. There was no pressure to sell. The
•weather In the extreme West continues cold;
with no prospects of moderating, and this Is ex
pected to produce crop damages reports later
on. There te some liquidation. Foreign re
ports still further • reduce the Argentine sur
plup. St. LouIr reports an excellent milling
demand, with 150.COO bushels taken In two days.
From New York corr.es a report that a bull
pool In wheat has ben formed by the steel
crowd at the Waldorf, the story being given for
what lt is worth.
In the local market futures advanced, but
spot «iuotntionn remained as before.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, P5c; milling, 97V4c©
$1 02V4 per ctl.
"WHEAT — New Tork -ras firmer and the for
eign markets were steady.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Eterllnf? Kxchanse.- 60 days — $4 - S3Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S5>4
Sterllnt? Cables - * 89',4
New York Exchange, night ,— 174
New York Kxchange. telegraphic — I2K
BUver, per ounce — 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 61
Heather Report.
Th» New T^rk circi'.ar of Henry Ows says:
'The ir.cney market (¦ a pclr.t that will bear
»atrhir.«?. Financing the new 'deals' will re
<j-j'.r» funds !n COX_Bler_bte Quantities, and
are like'.y to oe withdrawn from the
ir.arket at any time. Fhould such withdrawals
come at _n inconvenient period they might
readliy fcrm the bans of sharp bear attackf.
There Is little rrcsy-ect. however, of any but
fpa^TTjodic stringency until the April uettle
tr.ertf approach, when a firmer money market
rr._y be expected. On el! sharp reactions the
t^esi cla*R of railroad t-hares will probably be
& purchase for quick turns. The railroads are
T.ot only doing an enormous traSlc. but are
obtaining better rates, ar.d the community of
interest plan is sure to prevent cut-throat
COXBpetitlon for a long time to come. As a
result, roads which under former conditions
had no prcrpect of a dividend are now on the
verge, if not already within the ranks, of
<llvie>nd- payer?, and n.re likely to permanently
remain there. The simple stoppage of rebates
alone means a refr>ectable dividend en some
railroads, to say nothing cf inereaJ*<2 traffic
and better rates. Values eeem hifrh for many
of our best stock*, tijt it should be remem
bered conditions have greatly changed, and
within a few years rr.ar.y of the s;>eculat!ve
favorite* of the rast -iecade will have disap
peared lr.tD'*trer._ box**."
AYrx 1 York Money Market.
¦•Raisins are slightly firmer. Three-crown
l-v«e of first quality tre lield at 6 : 4 c, with
me cf the largest holJtre firm at C^c. Some
Itttte trjsir.ess is reported in ?>eded and seed
leFR :r.u»catel5. I>emand for apricots and
j#ach<-? if light. Currents are quiet but firm.
Evaporated aprle* are unchanged."
"Prunes continue the rcost active article en
the lift and the aggregate of business on the
ppot i» decidedly cood. thoueh the trade ap
parently is buying only for inur.ed'ate or r.?ar
requirements: During the last few days stocks
here have been quits considerably reSuceJ.
and it is understood thtre has been, as a eon
peQ'jence. FT»me renewal of 1 uyi;;c from out-
Fld<*r* on the coaet <>n a basis of lc under
association prices. IO-6O9 and 60-7Cs are
wanted, particularly by the Jobbing trade, and
rr«"£cr.t *ur-plies of there gra.ies are said to be
lipht. Ninety* also _r? in very good request.
Some demand if noted for Oreirone. sales ag
preg2.tir.1r several cars being reported at about
«juotation*.
Late ro_l! reports from New Tork say
Prunes and Raisins in Xetc York.
at the last. Steel and Wire. Federal Steel and
National Steel falling suddenly 2<3F&. There
was some show of strength In Steel and Wire
preferred, but otherwise the steel stocks were
all weak. Hoop preferred dropping 34. In the
prlnclpsJ active railroad etocks there were at
cne time declines of 1 to 2 points. Members
of the C!ran_er. Southwestern and Pacific
groups were notably aitected. J>elaware and
Hudson was erratic but generally weak, fall
ing at one time 3H under last night. General
Electric wae forced up at one time 12 points,
but closed with a net rain of only 7^j. The
level of activity in the market was lower than
for mar.y weeks past, the day's business falling
to about the smallest for any full day since
election.
Bonds were reactionary, in sympathy with
stocks. Total ealer. par value, JJ.345.COO.
United States refunding 2s adva-ced >& per
cent on the last call.
' 25 Oceanic S 9 Co i.-, 00
25 Oceanic S S Co...... 82 50
60 Oceanic S S Co....' 80 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 79 00
M Paauhau S P Co 34 eo
150 Paauhau S P Co 34 r;^
S73 Paaahau S P Co 34 25
60 S F Gas and Electric Co... 48 «2'4
250 S F Gas and Electrlo Co 4S 50
100 S F Gas and Electric. Co 4375
200 Vlgorit Powder Co a 50
$9,000 8 P of A bonds 112 00
Street—
40 Honokaa S Co 33 50
50 S V Water 94 23
$10,000 Hawaiian S and. 3 Co 6 per cents.105 50
J5.0CO Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 112 75
$3,0C0 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cents.. .115 62*4
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Boanl—
60 Blue Goose ; j (k)
£00 California. Standard --••--
100 El Dorado """*„ 195
400 Gold Dollar .'.""! 43
50 Kern Oil Co 10 S7\i
100 Lion OH Co js
200 Occidental of West Virginia 85
200 Occidental of West Virginia <S
23 Peerless g to
1700 Petroleum Center IS
10O Petroleum Center 17
Affrerncn Session.
Board—
2C0 Aetna 33
400 Caribou 75
SO Four OH Co t»
2W> Four Oil Co ' J8
200 Gold Dollar 45'
10 Hanfcrd 112 W
23 Home Oil 4 Ti
200 Junction ' 7',
j f.0 Kern Oil Co I*» P7V_
10 Kern River 13 PO
l.y.O Lion Oil Co f*
3*0 McKIttrick Consolidate!! 13
200 Monarch of Arizona «S
10Q Monarch of Arizona «7
£00 Oil City Petroleum J2
£0 Peerless 8 37 '4
4^00 Petroieiim Center 17
1000 Petroleum Center, s 7> 17
20 San Joac'iin Oil ft Dev 12 23
CO San .Toaquln Oil & Dev 1; 374
CO San Joaquln Oil ft Dov ]2 SO
2f>0 Fterlin- O * D Co 3 55
IPO Twenty-eight 210
1C0 Wolverine 1 ;o
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
SIcrnirr Eess'.cn.
Eorrd—
10O American Fuel/ j«
2M Independence 1$
2C0 independence 17
WO T.lon Oil Co. J2
COO Lion Oil Co. Ji
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — »Lon P * A. ...144 ISO
Bank of Cal. .«0 — Mer Ex (liq)-. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep. — 1CS7* S F National.. — 125
1st N of S F.. — 312H|
SAVINGS BAXKS.
German — 1S50 Sav A Loan... — — •
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sar U....512H — •
" STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California- st ..135 140 |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-et 47%— Presidio 18 —
Market-st 69Vi "HVt-
POWDER STOCKS.
California 153 — [Vlgorit 354 3^4
Giant Con s;» *****
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Flan.... S*4 3 Kllauea 23*4 2t
Haw Cora S3*; S7W Makawell 444 43
Honokaa 33*i — . Onomea 2»S —
Hutch S P 26% — Paauhau .: 34H 34%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A...12SK-* iDceanic SS Co. 73 80
Cal Fruit Can. — 103 IPac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — IPac C Bor Co.155 —
Her Ex Assn.. 102*4 — IParS Paint Co 12H —
Morning Session.
EoanJ—
S Bank of California 410 59
15 California Wtne Association 100 00
70 Equitable Gas 3 374
10 Hawaiian Com 86 00
105 Honokaa S Co 33 50
GO Honokaa S Co 33 73
50 Hutchinson S P Co 28 37VJ
60 Kilauea Sugar P Co 24 CO
50 Kilauea S P Co 23 75
25 Makawell 45 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 23 75
70 Paauhau S P Co 34 624
20 Pacific Gas Improvement i»... 43 2»
50 S F Gas and Electrlo Co 43 23
20 Spring Valley Water ?4 25
(10,000 Hawaiian C and S Co 5 per cent. .103 DO
15.000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 50
$5.C00 Oceanic S S Co bonds 107 75
$2,000 S P of A bonds 112 00
41.000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtg)...104 00
Board —
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 24 00
25 Makaweli 45 12H
420 Presidio R R.. 18 12 1 ,.
Afternoon Session.
Street —
10 Contra Coeta Water C3 00
15 Hana Plantation Co 9 00
10 Hana Plantation Co 8 73
25 Hana Plantation Co 3 6:\_
S3 Honokaa S Co 33 60
225 Honokaa S Co 33 3714
170 Hutchinson S P Co K 37V»
125 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 50
20 Makawell 44 87%
35 Makawell 44 75
10 Market-st Railway 70 00
BAXK STOCKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's F_nd.232 — )
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS. ¦
Cent I. & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co.... 43% «U
Equit Gae 3% — Sac E G A R. — J74
Mut Elec-Lt... T% — S F O A E.... «X 4S T *
O G L & H... SO 50'. •; San Francl?co. 4»» 4>,
Pac Gas Imp.. 44 \ — jstktn Ci & B-. — U
Contra Costa.. — 63^; Spring YaHey' 9«i »*U
Marln County. 52V* — >
WATER. STOCKS.
Bay C P Co...lOG'i — [Oak W Co Zs.. — 102
Cal-st Cab 5s..H6 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO7S10*
C C Water Eb.. — 109 - lOm C R 6s 129 —
E L & P 6s.. 12S 133^4; Pac G Imp J*. — 100
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 114ft — jPk & CT R 6s. 105 —
Geary-st R Is. — — !Pk & O R 6s.. — —
Haw C 5>As...insU — Powell-st R €s.l20t4 —
Do 5s 1054— SEOtRSi.- it%
L A It R 5s. ..112%, — S F & SJV 5s. 130 —
L O Lt 6s — — S R of Cal 6b. 110 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 6 P of A «»...112 —
Do gntd cs.. — — SPC«! (1305)
L A P R 5». ..102 — Series A. .. 110*4 —
Markt-st C 6s. 125 — Do (SeriesB)ltfV—
Do 1st c 5s. .123% — Do U906) ....113l» —
N C N G R 7s. — 1134 Do <1912) ....122\ —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P C 1st »; 5s.lO6H —
Do 6s 120^4121 SPBrR 6s. .132 -
N P C R R C3.101H — S V Water «s.H5V; —
Do 5s lOSVi — Do 4s 1M<* —
N C R R OS...111H — Do 3d mt?...103 —
O G L & H 58.113 — Stkn. O & B 6sl03 106%4
Oak Tr Co 63.115% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. f Bld.Ask.
CSfa coup...H3 1 ?ill4ii;C S 4s cp<new)137\13S*i
Do 4s reg-...113»iU4V4 Do 3s coup... — 11! )a
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 20—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The market for local stocks and bonds was
active on the morning session; but prices
Ehowed little chance.
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship sold down
to $79 and Gas and Electric advanced to $4S 73.
The sugar stocks were generally weak. .
The oil stocks were quiet and featureless on
the mornlnsr session . of the Producers' Ex
change. The San Francisco Exchange held its
first call and did a very fair business, as will
be seen by the list of sales below.
Prices were net materially changed In the
afternoon- '
Tlie Standard Consolidated Mlnln? Company
of Bodle will pay a dividend of 10 cents per
share to-day.
The Alta Mlnlny Company ha_ levied an
arsessment of 5 cents.
The following wera ex-dlvl<!end yesterday:
Spring Valley Water. 42c; Central Light and
Power, 4c; California Powder. Jl: Hutchinson
Sugar, Sic; California Fruit Canners, 60c.
Silier advanced. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures rccotwed. Barley neglected.
Oa/s dull, ivith white kinds weak.
Com and Rye continue neglected.
Rolled Oats and Green Split Peas higher.
Bran firm and Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Onions sell up to $jj. Potatoes weak and Vegetables firm.
Poultry firm, owing to delayed shipments from the East.
Game in light receipt, but rather easy.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about the same.
Bananas, Lemons and Limes firm. Oranges steady.
Prunes and Raisins' continue to improve in Eastern markets.
Provisions stand as before.
Meat market unchanged, with light supplies.
Local stocks and bonds active. "Oil stocks sell, fairly. _
San Francisco Oil Exchange holds its first session.
The. leading futures ranged as follows
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.-Indifferenee of the Llv
eipool market gave rise to expectations of
lower prices for wheat here, but the tap of the
pong found offerings valued somewhat higher
than they were at the close yesterday. May
opened unchanged to ><4c higher at 75%c. Ine
first batch of buying orders being satisfied,
the market became quiet but firm on moder
ate Northwest receipts and the fact that
large areas of the winter wheat belt Is with
out snow protection. Buying by leading op
erators and seaboard advices of a better ex
port situation cause'd a sharp bulge to 76*&c.
A profit-taking movement greeted the advance
but the close" was strong. May H3Hc over
yesterday at 76V4c.
Corn relinquished the leadership on 'Change
after the first hour's trade, having held It un
disputed for a week. The close waa H©4c
higher at 4C&C.
Oats were fairly active within a narrow
range. May closed He- higher at 25"ic.
The undertone of the provisions market was
strong, although business generally was quiet.
Hog receipts were less than had been expected
end this, combined with a good cash demand
and the strength of the grain < markets, result
ed In an advance which was firmly held. May
pork closed 10'ffl2 t ,4c higher, lard 7^@10c up
and -ribs 5c Improved.
Note— There will be no session of the Board
or Trade Friday, Washington's birthday.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Tin In the local mar
ket started in a somewhat depressed manner,
as a result of unfavorable information from
London, where prices went off about £1 [a to
£121 12s 6d for spot. Later, however, a reac
tion ret in and prices recovered the early loss
on a -cod general demand. Sales were made
at $26 SO and $26 95 for spot delivery, closing
$26 90 bid and $27 asked. Future deliveries were
weak and lower, March at 126 S5©26 75 and
May at J26Q26 20. Trading in these positions
was fairly active. On the other hand, how
ever, the general list remains In a listless con
dition. Copper in London declined Cs to £71 2s
6d. but locally a dull and featureless market
prevailed, with prices nominally quoted at the
close J17 for Lake Superior and $16 62H for
casting and electrolytic. Lead ruled dull at
$4 37% despite a further less at London, tin
close being weak at £14 15s. Spylter was also
quiet, though buyers and sellers were nearer
together than for some time past. Closing
prices were $3 97V4'54 02«4- Iron continues dull,
with an easy undertone prevalent, with no
material change In prices. At Glasgow the
close was 54s 7d and at Mlddlesboro 46s 4<£d.
New York Metal Market.
WHEAT— Receipts. 33,000 bushels; exports,
45,000 bushels. Spot— Firm. No. 2 red. Sic f.
o. b afloat; 'No. 2 red. 734c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S7Uc t. o. b. afloat: No 1
hard Duluth. 9U«e f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened Ftcady and In the face of very cold
weather West were inclined to yield at first
under local bear pressure, but later in the day
rallied substantially on reports of Hessian fly
fn Nebraska, sympathy with corn and covering.
Closed firm at 'ic net advance. March 79»i«i
79 11-16C. closed 7?isc: May, 79T4680 9-l«c, closed
SOVjc; July closed iS&c.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES- Firm.
LEATHER— Firm. "
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Futures— Clcsed steady with prices
10 .to 15 points higher. Total sales were 25.GOO
bags, lncludln.: March, $6; May, $6 C5; July,
$6: SeDtember. $6 20; October. $6 20; Decem
ber. $6 30. Spot— Rio. firm. No. 7 Invoice, 7Hc;
mild, quiet: Cordova. 8©12Uc
SL'GAR— Raw. steady; refined, 'quiet.
BUTTER — Receipts, 67S0 packa.es : firm.
Fresh, creamery. 16{j2Jc; June creamery, 153
2f>c; factory, ll<?Uc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7000; firm. Western, at
mark. 17V4@17\c; Southern, at mark, 17©17Hc
t DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES'— A little more out
side Interest was manifest in evaporated apples
to-day, though chiefly for prime goods, and
the feelln* was quiet, with, however, no ma
terial chan_e in quotations. State, common,
¦were. Ftlll quoted at 3K l S*\c: choice, 4\-g5c;
prime, 5H©6c, and fancy, 6i&7c.
California dried fruits ruled quite steady
at old prices. .
PRUNES— 3Ugs%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%Q-12c; Moorr>ark, SM
©15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14gl8c; unpeeled,
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.-FLOUR— Receipts,
14,£iO barrels; exports, 42,600 barrels. More ac
tive and steadier with wheat.
Nku York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $lo0.000.000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
eble cash balance, J14S,117.657; gold, J76.C21.930.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20. -Close: Money on call
easy at l\s?2 per cent. Prime mercantile
Taper, 3'-j©4H per cent. Sterling- exchange
heavy with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 S7Q4 87*4 for demand and at $4 S4^ for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 SS@4 854 and $4 SS
@4 $84. Commercial bills, |4 S2^ig4 $Z%. Silver
certificate*, 61H@62c. Bar silver, 61%c. Mex
ican dollars. 4Sc. Government -bonds firmer;
icllrond bonds weak; State, bonds inactive.
New York Money Market.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 20. — Atchison. 57H; Cana
dian Pacific. 924; Union Pacific preferred, S9H:
Northern Pacific prtferred, S5VJ; Grand Trunk.
6 7 4; Anaconda. 9. Bar Silver, steady, 2ST_d
prr ounce. Money, 3>4 per cent.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cableeram says:
Business was much restricted on the Stock
Exchange here to-day, and the tone was unde
cided. The only exceptions were Investment
shares, which were in good demand on the
confident expectation that the bank rate would
bo reduced.
American shares were' the weakest In the
market. There was very little spoculatlve In
terest either way, but bustnss from the start
was dull. Prices sagged until Wall street
opened. On sales from New York realizing
began here among the tired holders. Some
operators in London had a* report to-day that
J. P. Morgan is about to go off on a yachting
cruise, and they Interpreted It as meaning that
he Is unloading or has finished unloading and
that the boom Is over.
Money was light despite the expected lower-
Ing of the bank rate. Silver enjoyed a spurt
on buying for the Indian Government.
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , tUnlon Pacific 92H
Call loans 3 ®3<V Union Land 3
Time loans 3tf&4 ' IWest End 94
Stocks— I Bonds—
A T & S F 644'Atchlson 4s 101»i
A T & S F prefd. 87% !N E G& Coke 5s. 6SH
American Sugar.. .135 I Mining shares-
Am Sugar prefd... 120 j Adventure 12
Am Telephone 16«4 Amalg Copper SO
Boston & Albany. .254 |Atl_ntlc 28^4
Boston & Maine. ..194 Bingham 17\
C B & Q 1434 Boston & Montana.32*
Dominion Coal.... 35 Butte & Boston... -81
Dom Coal prefd... 10?H Calumet &. Hecla.850
Federal Steel 46»/i Centennial 23V4
Fed Steel prefd... S4 Franklin 21
Fitchburg prefd. ..142 Humboldt 60
General Electric... 213 Osceola S6
Gen. Elec prefd. ...ISO Parrot 47
Ed Elec 111 245 Quincy 174
Mexican Central.. 16% Santa . Fe Copper. 7"
*EGu & Coke. 14 Tamarack 334
°1<J Colony 208 Utah Mining 33
Old Dominion 33H Winona 6U
Rubber is* Wolverines 52*
MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con.......... 20 Mttle Chief 75
Alice ; .42 Ontario TM
Breece. ; 1 75. Ophir t\I
Brunswick Con 32-Phoenlx ..CO
Comstock Tunnel.. 4V_ ! Potosl OS
Con Cal & Va. 1 65 Savage 10
Dead wood. Terra.... 50, Sierra Nevada 25
Horn Silver..: 1 16; Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver GSStandard 4 20
Leadvllle Con 061 .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 20.— WHEAT— Spot, dull;
No. 2 red Western wlnttr, 6s 2d; No. 1. North
ern spring. 6s 2Hd; No. 2 red Western winter,
f.s llVid. Futures, steady; March. 5s 10%d;
May, 3s lHiil.
CORN— Spot, qu!ct: American mixed new.
3s 10Si<5: do old, 3n lliid. Futures, quiet: Feb
•ruary. 3a 8Vm1: March. 3s »Hd; May, 3s 9%<1.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 20.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 standcrd California, 6s 3Vjd@tis 4d; Wheat in
ParlB. quiet; Flour in Paris, quiet. Weather
In England, fine but cold.
• COTTON— Uplands. 5 5-164.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 20.— Consols, 97 13-16; Silver,
2?Hd; French Rentes. 102f 30c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 20s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 2Ss 6d. English country markets, quiet.
TACOMA, Feb. 20.— Wheat market quiet and
prices steady; Blue Stem, 57%c; Club, 55c.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 20.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
54%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 20.— Clearings. .$313.-
C22; balances, $33,207.
Portland's Business.
NETV YORK. Feb. 20.— To-day's cotton mar
ket was a restless, erratic affair, with bears in
control at the -opening and the close, while
friends of the staple were In possession through
out the time intervening. Disappointment in
Liverpool in response to last nlKhfs sharp up
lift here was general and under selling for
both accounts prices went off 2 to 9 points on
the call. The opening tone was given as steady,
despite the lower prices. Shorts soon took
fright, however, at the crop movement, which
fell far short of predictions.
New York Cotton Market.
The Wool sales for the week in Boston
amounted to 5.305,200 pounds domestic and 965.
000 pounds foreign, making a total of 6,270,200
pounds.
BOSTON, Feb. 20.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter to-morrow will say: The
Wool market has rather increased In activity
the past week, and a large amount of stock
has been moved. We figure the sales at over
6.000,000 pounds, included In which were some
good-sized lines of Territories, scoured and
medium fleeces. - There has teen considerable
pressure to sell, and as a result consumers
have In most Instances been able to secure
Wools at pretty low prices, especially Terri
tory Wools, which are now selling very close
to the level of values prevailing at the time
when the boom in 1S93 was started.
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11.
500, including 600 Texans; good to, choice steers
10@15c higher: common steady: canner3 strong;
butchers' stock 6teady; Texans slow. Good to
prime steers, $4 &0C6; poor to medium, $3 30®
$4 80; stockers and' feeders slow, $2 75S4 50; cow»
$2fC64 15; heifers, $2 50@4 35; canners, $1 S5@
2 50; bulls, slow $2 WS^ 25; calves, steady to
strong, $4®6 35; Texas fed steers, $4555: Texas
grnns steers. «3 35® J 90; Texas bulls, $2 50<JT3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
33,000; left over, 3000; market active, SigiOc
higher; top. $5 50. Mixed and butchers'. $3 25®
S47H: _ood to choice heavy. $3 40^3 53; rough
heavy. *5 25®5 35; light. ?5 25«5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts 12,000; sheep 10c higher;
fancy wethers up to $5; lambs strong to 6c
higher; yearlings up to $5. Good to 'choice
wethers, $4@4 60; fair to choice mixed, $3 60®
4 10; Western sheep, J4®4 60; Texas sheep, $2 53
|p3 65; native lambs, J4 50® 5 25; Western lambs,
$3®5 23. '
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 5 11 5 11%
Closing 5 lOTs B iM*
PARIS.
Wh#at— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 13 S5 20 83
Closing 19 00 20 SO
Flour —
Opening .. 23 40 26 05
Closing 25 43 26 43
Foreign Futures.
uOAI^— Wellington. $0 p«r ton; Southflcld
Welllnpton. $»: Seattle. !7: Birant. J7; Coi*
Uzy. »"• &0: Wnllsend. $5; Co-operative AV-Ui*.
enil, J3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23 la
BAGS— Ran Ouentln T5.1-*. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain na_s. June and July. C\f*RS^c: losal
make, C",ic; Wool Eags, Z'QV-Mc; Fleece Twln»
7',4c.
Foil Clip— San .Toaquln. 6V.-58C; do lambs 8(3
9c: JMlddlo County. 9<!?10=; Northern Mountain
free. lOQllc: Southern Mountain. 7VjW5y'ic-
Humboldt nnd Mendoclno, 11©123 per lb
HOPS— 13Q20C per lb.
6 General Merchandise.
WOOL— SprlnR clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 13tf?16c: Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 15«fl6c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12?F14o: . Southern Mountain, 12
months'. SQlGc; Soiithern Mountain, free. 7
months', Il*!il2c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9®llc: Humbohlt and ¦ Mendoclno, 18
ffl7c: Nevada. 13C?15f! per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
abcut lc under quotations. Heavy Salted steers,
9HS10C; medium. 8c; light. JfjSVic; Cow Hides,
8^c for heavy and SSSVfcc for light; Stags, 6@
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Saltsd Veal. 9??10c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. '15W?lCc: Culls. 13%®14c:
Dry Kip. UiftlSc: Dry Calf. 16@17c: culls and
brands, 14S"15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®3Oc
each; short Wool, SfXQibc each; medium. SOigTac;
long Wool. 73c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 SO
®2 75 for lnrge and $2®2 23 for medium, $1 25 fo
emoll and COe for colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75
for large, Jl DO for medium, Jl 25 for small and
EOc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red cklns,
33c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
fklss, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c;
larse and smooth. 50c: medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4»/.54%c per lb;
No. 2. 4^ 41,4c; grease. 2ig2V4c
CURED MEATS— Bacon, U@llUc per !b for
heavy, Iiuigl2c for light medium, 12V4®13c for
light. 13V&&14C for extra light and l£@15Uc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ,12c;
Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13:
Family. $14: extra fine Pork. $15^13 50: extra
clear, $19 6W320; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\4(SG%c per lb for
compound and 9\ic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Hc; 10-lb tins, 10c: 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. SVic: three
half -barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces.
7*ic; five tierces, 7%e per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Raisins are quoted firmer In New York. The
same market also reports supplies of Prunes
considerably reduced there, which has led to
renewed buying on this coast, though buyers
are still taking outfldo lots at a reduction
from Association price*. It Is not to be de
nied, however, that the feeling In this fruit
Is steadily Improving.
FRUITS— Apricots, egSc for Royals and 10$
10%c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4©
£Hc: aun-drled, 1^2@2y;c; Peaches, 3{73Hc for
standard. 4©4Hc for choice, and 6_:6c for
fancy; Pears. 2{f7c; Plums, pitted, 4® 6c; un
pltted, l(§l%c; Nectarines, 5@5Hc for red anJ
&tt«ite for white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 2c: 33- 40s, 7c;
40-5O*. fi^c: &O-6C*. 4Kc; CG-TCs, 3^c; 70-SOj. 3%c;
S0-90s. 2*«c: -90-lOOs, 2\ic; 10O-12Os. iy,c; rubies.
14c premium; Sonomas, Vic and San Joaqulns
i^c less than Santa Claras, except ICO and over,
which ttand the eame.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie:
ttandard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp-
Fon's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10>4c per
lb- choice. S4c; standard, 8»ic; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c: Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
fiV4c: 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown. 6Hc: 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, Be; 3-crown. 5Hc. and
4-crown. BVic; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
16-ounce. 7c; 12-ounce. 6V4<n choice.' 16-ounce,
614c- 12-ounce. 5Uc; London Layers, 2-crown,
Jl £0 per box: S-crown, Jl 60: Fancy Clusters,
J2- Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b at common shipping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8010c per lb for" Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1, softshell. 10c: No. 2, 7V>c; No.
1 hardshell. 9V4c; No. 2, 7c: Almonds. 12fi3c
for rapershell. 8<S?llc for softshell: Peanuts, 5
«6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.
13c- Pecans. 114rl3c: Cocoanuts. J3 50(35.
HOSEY-Comb, IZMQItc for bright and 12^4
(f?13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7%c; llsht amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, 6®
6V4C ?er lb.
BEKSWAX24Q26C per lb.
Proz'isions. .
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranees, tl'Si;
Feedlinrs, !.0CQM 23; Tnncarlnes. 75r©U 50:
Japanese Mandarins, {I .'Of. 1 75;' Lemons, Jiff
$1 2> for common and Jl S0@2 for _ood ito
choice: Grape Fruit. 7ocS?$l 50: Mexican Limes.
$7<fTS; California Limes, ",cf}l\; Bananas, Jl 33
@H per bunch; Pineapple*. 73c$fJ2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— 35«?G5e per box for common, 75c«3r
$1 tO for Rood to choice and Jl 7o_*2 for fancy.
PEARS — GSciSJl 10 per box.
Four cars of Oranges vrcre auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 5Q@1 85; choice do,
$1 30S1.49; standard 60. $1@1 25: fancy Seed
lings, il 25; fancy St. Michaels, Jl 23@1 50:
Tangerines, in half-boxes, Jl 35; Lemons, $1
@2.
Lemons are selling off better, owing to the
scarcity In Limes, but prices show little im
provement. Bananas are also firmer under
lighter stocks. Limes are firm at the high
prlcos. •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 13c;
store. He . _.•_..;£_
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Kejr, r^r pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 10c; choice,
9c; common; nominal: Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15318V4C. per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selecte'd white, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
; seconds, — r-
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. ; standard, ;
second*. .
Creamer}'— Extras, 20c; firsts, lSc; seconds.
A decline In dairy extras was the only
change. The Butter and Egg markets were
both quoted weak on the Exchange, while
Cheese was eteady. There are no new features
to report. •
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Ex
change were 29,800 pounds of Butter. 1028 cases
Eggs and 18,630 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
California Poultry continues to have the
field to itself, as the several car* of Eastern
en route, and which should have been here
the first of the week, have 'not yet arrived.
Prices are very firm, as will b« seen. But
three cars from the East are announced for
to-day. * ¦
Receipts of Game were light again, being
only about 50 sacks, but th« demand was
light, and the shipments were not In the best
of condition, as a rule.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@13c for Gob
blers and I3©14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
12®16c: Geese, per pair, $1 50®2; Goslings. $2 50
4?2 73; Ducks, $4i»?5 for old and J6©7 50 tor
young; Hens, J4 50® 6; Young Roosters, *3 50<3S
6 00; Old Roosters, J4®5; Fryers, J3®5 50;
Broilers, $5©6 60 for large and $3 50@4 50 for
small: Pigeons. %l 23® 1 CO j>er dozen for old
and J2 25@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, 31 ft 1 25: Mallard. $3® 4: Can
vasback. JS(@4; Sprig, $2^3; Teal, $2: Widgeon,
$1 r.C02; Small Duck. $1<?1 23; Black Jack. $1 50;
Gray Geese, $303 50; White Geese, $l@l 50;
Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for large; Honk
ers. $3@4 50: English Snipe. 12 50(53; Jack
Snipe JlZoSloO: Hare, Mcim: Rabbits, 75cS
Jl 25 for Cottontail and 75c for Brush; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen.
Poultrv and Game.
VEGETABLES— Khubarb. 12H®lSc: Aspara
gus, from Sacramento. 15<317>fcc for forced and
25<[i'4Cc fcr natural; from Alameda and Bouldln
Island, ; Green Peas, t^fc per lb; String
Beans, 10(S13c; Cabbage, $1; Tomatoes, Los
Ang-elcs, E0c©»2 per crate; from Mexico, $1 CO
©2 per crate: V.gB Plant, Los Angeles, 15®2Oc
per Ib; Green Peppers, Los Angeles, 15®20c per
lb for Chile and 15<M3c for Bell; Dried Peppers,
9@llc; Dry Okra, lOffloc per lb; Carrots. 23@35c
per box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25(02 per
dozen; Summer Squash, SI S0fi2 25 per box:
Garlic. 3*i-3%c per lb; Marrowfat Squaeh. $30
per ton; Mushrooms, 15@3Oc p«r lb.
POTATOES— Early Rcse. 65^75c; Burbanks,
30'o£Cr for River, Jlffil' 20 per ctl for Salinas
and EOc#$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles from
Olfgon, C5@75c; Sweets, TSCSJl.for Merced.
ONIONS— $5 per ctl; Cut Onions. $2®3 per ctl.
Potatoes are rather easy, but prices ehow lit
tle variation. Vegetables keep up to the high
prices under moderate receipts.
Onions continue to attract general attention,
owing to their scarcity and firmness. The
recent arrivals from. Oregon, some 160 sks,
were sold yesterday on the wharf at $3, but this
price Is not expected to hold, as there are a
number of cars on the way from Oregon and
Nevada, which are delayed by the storm, and
when they get here a decline Is looked for.
The next Australian steamer, due on the 23th,
Is also expected to bring a liberal consignment.
At the moment, however, the market is very
stiff.
U C0®4 90; Large White. '$4®4 25: Pink. $2 15®
2 35; Red, J3S3 60; Blackeye. J333 25; Llmas,
$3 60(55 70; < Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. $3 7t.i34 per ctl. '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, J2 50#3; Canary, 3Vj@
3*;c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and S@9V4c for Utah; Rape, 2@2&c; Hemp.
3V4c; Timothy. 6%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2®2 50; . Green, $2 70
Q3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY.. FEBRUARY 20.
Flour, qr sks S,l!>0 Straw, tons I
Wheat, ctls 1.7#> Pelts. Nils 5.4";2
Barley, ctls S.3J7 Hides. No Ill
Beans, sks 420 Eu«rar. ctls 6C0
Potatoes, sks 1.740 Wool, bales 3
Onions sks 46 Broomcorn. bis.. . J5
Bran, sks 654 Wine, jcals 124.C0O
Middlings, eks... 632 Quicksilver, flsks 91
Hay, tons ' !0 Leather, rolls.... 13
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6QV&C per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Larre. 76Sc: small. >c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, l*310&e; Ewes. 10c per
pound.
LAMB— 11%®12= per lb; spring. 12%S15e per
pound. _'"'_,«'_
PORK— Live Hor». C^c for small and «%c for
medium and 6c for larce; stock Hoes. t'Ac;
feeders. OHc; dressed Hogs. 8fi9Hc
San Francisco Meat Markcl.
racks: Pennsylvanl* Antradte Eg*. J14: Can
nel, J10 per ton; Coke, 115 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $<» 4J
per 2C00 pounds and IS 50 per ton. according
to brand..
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, per lb. In lOC-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.80c: Dry Granulated. 6.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75; Masnolia A. 5.31c: Extra C.
5 2 c c- Golden C. 5.1. r >c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders tnken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. halt-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.73c per Ib.
900 Monarch p
1CC0 Monarch, b « _>
SCO Monarch ..... % .... f>
200 Monarch f>'
MO Petroleum Center, b 30 W
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
2C0 Four Oil Co. s SO *!
800 Independence $•'
100 Independence I*
100 Lion OH Co, s 90 ~
MM Lion OH Co. » 90 21
500 Lion Oil Co. s 90-. -•>
600 Monarch e>
10G0 Monarch, b DO ¦*>
MINiNO^TOCKS.
The follo-wln, were the s>ale» In the San Fran
cisco Str.ck ard Exchange Board yesterday:
Morr.ln; Session.
V/> Dest & Deleter 2'.', ICO Ophlr 75
ICO Con Cal & Va..l Bl 400 Potosl V>
W Crown Pntnt... 12; lftO sierra Nevada. 31
100 Gould & Curry. 23; 2W) S:»rra Nevada. 3D
300 Mexican SB W0 Yellow Jackat.. .S
200 Occidental 07'
Afternoon Serslcn.
VA Chollar C3, 300 Pr.tosl 11
300 Mexican 2J> VQ Flerra Nevada. ?X
2C0 Overman li. S00 Union Con 'S
The following were the .sales In the Pacifle
Stock Beard yesterday:
Moraine Sesslcn.
ICO Belcher ISi *0 Ophlr 7«
15C0 Con Ca! * Va..l <">\ 2TO Ophir 7^
3f^ Gould & Curry. » 4C0 Ophir 77
300 Mexican n ICO Sierra Nevada. !3
2C0 Occidental t»l SCO Sierra Nevada. 30
Afternoon Session. .
5C0 Alta C2j XO Mexican 24
7W Andes C7i loo Potosl 1">
100 C C & Va....l e7'-.| CCO Sierra Nevada. 31
200 Gould & Curry. 29< 100 Union Con 2.
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 23-4 r. m.
EM. Ask. | . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03! Justice 05 >>7
Alta «2 "MlKentuck • 01 OS
Andes d C7Lady Wash — C2
i Belcher 1*5 lS ! M«lran K 2*
Best & Belcher 2« 2j Occidental C« 07
Bullion 02 MlOpfe-f TT Ti
Caledonia 70 75. Overman It 1.1
Challenge Con.. 1? 20j Potosl 13 1«
Chollar C8 09, Savage 14 IS
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l £5 1 ~n 5^ Belch*r Cl 03
Con Imperial... 01 r 2' Sierra Nevada. 31 33
Con New York.- Ct C.V Silver Hill 44 4.1
Crown Potnt... 13 IIP: Louis <\> lt>
Eureka Con CC — : Standard 1 D 4 4'>
Exchequer <H <"2 Syndicat-s — 09
Gould & Curry. 27 23 T'niort Ccn 2» 23
Kale & Nor 17 13 t*ah C7 t*
Jnlla — C2 T»llo-r Jacket.. 35 2S
Ribs sldjfs. loose, $707 20. Dry Bafced Shoul
ders, boxed, 6%<5'oVic. Short Clgnr ., sides,
boxed. $7 45©7 C5. Whisky, basis of hj(jh wines,
$1 27. Susor~Cut Loaf. 6.29c: Granultted. b.72c;
Confectioners' A.- 5.59c; Oft A. 5.44c. Clover,
contract grade, til. , _____
Articles— Z i Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels TS 000 49.000
Wheat, bushels 83.<W0 84.000
Corn, bushels 503 000 119.000
Oats, bushels 52S.000 2S0.OOO
Rye, bushels 7000 7.000
Barley, bushels 53,000 31,000
On the. Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market. was active; Creameries. 14322c; Dairy.
10.g>lSe. . Cheese, active, lOUOll^c. Eggs. -Ct
lve; fresh, 16c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21," .1901.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
j Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
I dull. No. 3 spring Wheat. 6j!g72c; No. 2 red.
I 7r>§76c. No. 2 Corn. 3fl'-ic; No. 2 yellow, 3<*>.ic.
I No. 2 Oats. r.«i®26c: No. 2 white. 27%c: No. 3
white. 27 1 4fT2Sc. No. 2 Rye. 52c. Fair to
I choice malting Barley. 56<?.'3c. No. 1 Flaxsccvi
I $1 60; No. 1 Northwestern.- U 61. Prime Tim-
I othy Reed. U S3. Mess Pork, per barrel. $13 9.->
1 S14. Lard, per 1C0 pounds," J7 43^7 474. Short
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shaies Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
5*.4<«1 Atchieon 04 H
9,3'-0 Atchlson prefd SI 1 *
«.4 f 0 Baltimore & Ohtc. M
Canadian Pacific S94
Canada Southern 56 - 1
2.700 Chesapeake & Ohio 29-H,
2.100 Chicago Great Western 1*«*
€9,SfiO Chicago Burlington & Qulney 143*4,
3.1>> Chicago Ind 4 Louisville 294
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd €7 l i
110 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 106»i
l.JQO Chicago & Northwestern lil^j
ra.Jf*) Chicago Rock Inland- & Pacific 1224
ICO C C t 4 St Louis 734
2.700 Colorado Southern S T »
1.406 Colorado Southern lft prefd 44V*
3f«l Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS 1 *
1,100 Delaware & Hudson 164^
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .134
K.IM Denver & Rio Grande J7Vi
1.4W Denver & Rio Grande prefd 87
13.400 Erie 274
7.««J Erie 1st prefd '. <3
100 Ureat Northern prefd 1S9
Hocking Coal 15
100 Hocking Valley 47*4
4.S*X> Illinois Central 131'i
7.300 Iowa. Central 27
!.4<V> Iowa Central prefd 544
Lake Erie & Western 41
Lake Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Shore 210 l i
*.8M Louisville & Nashville 90*i
1.600 Manhattan L 1164
£.700 Metropolitan Street Railway 1624
o>X> Mexican Central 16>*
4.3M Minn & St Louis % 73»*
500 Minn & St Louis prefd 107
14.200 Mlfoouri Pacific 85'4
2.6T0 Mobile & Ohio 1 79
2.6fO Missouri Kansas * Texas 18«i
S.800 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 81S
200 New Jersey Central ... 153*1
4.400 New York Central 1434
2.100 Norfolk & Westers 4S
Norfolk & Western prefd &2V4
32.630 Northern Pacific SI**
1,900 Northern Pacific prefd *6S
4.400 Ontario & Western 314
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
10.300 Pennsylvania .• 14S4
S.100 Reading 29*4
8.1"0 Reading 1st prefd 7(>-.
1,200 Reading 2d prefd 40*s
Rio Grande Western 70'
Rio Grande Western prefd D3
S.208 St Louis & San Fran 334
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S2
2.70O St Loujs & Sen Fran 2d prefd 62 7 4
4,900 St Louis Southwestern 24V 4
3.100 St Louis Southwestern prefd WA
40,400 St Paul 147»«
St Paul prefd 1S84
St Paul & Omaha 125
5.600 Southern Pacific 43%
8.9O0 Southern Railway 21*%
6,0M Southern Railway prefd ~,t\
9,600 Texas & Pacific 27«4
W.100 Union Pacific 924
£.100 Union Pacific prefd »s
2.5*00 Wabash , 16
6.2C0 Wabash prefd 2SH
3.2^0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 134
1.100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30H
2.000 Wisconsin Central 18
Third Avenue 126
700 Baltimore & Ohio iS
2,000 National Tube 61=4
200 National Tube prefd 101
Express Companlef—
Adams 150
American .' l£0
United States 56
Wells Farco i 127
Miscellaneous —
5,0<V> American Cotton OH 2SV4
American Cotton Oil prefd 86
American Malting 4>i
American Malting prefd 24
29.ero American Smelting & Refining hi%
3,100 American Sm^ltlnr & Ref prefd... 94V4
American Bnlrlts 2
American Spirits prefd 17
2.709 American Steel Hoop 27>4
16.SW") American Steel Hood prefd 79
26.700 American Steel & Wire 4714
C.7C0 American Steel & Wire prefd 954
7.600 American Tin Plate C2
»oo American Tin Plate prefd. .1 964
13.9U0 American Tobacco 115
American Tobacco prefd 142
Anaconda Mlnlne Co 43 5 4
29.R00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76"%
MM Colorado Fuel & Iron 43H
S.COO Continental Tobacco 43',4
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 95H
16.MW rederal Steel 4514
10.«W» Federal Steel prefd S34
3,750 General Electric 210
Glucose Sucar 4314
Glueone Surar prefd 92
TOO International Paper 224
ftf) International Paper prefd 71
I^aclede Gas 734
4» National Biscuit 384
400 National Biscuit prefd „ J0»;
500 National L»ad •. 16*;
100 National Lead prefd S6 ¦
4.100 National Steel 42U
2,200 National Steel prefd »S
New York Air Brake 1M
100 North American 224"
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S*
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
£00 Pacific Mall 41*4"
?.€00 People's Gai 9314
1.200 Prefped Steel Car 36>4
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd ~G\
Pullman Palace Car 196
400 Standard Rope & Twine 4
22.C0O Sugar 135
M0 hi gar crefd 1204
11.M0 Tennessee Coal & Iron ES'd
1.5O0 United States Leather 12»i
2O0 United States Leather prefd 74%
2.700 United States Rubber 11\
200 United State* Rubber _refd....i.... 60
4.100 Western Union .T. 8fi»i
2,100 Amalgamated Copper 89*4
300 Republic -Iron & Steel Co 144
300 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd fi3
P C C 4 B: Louis , Es
76?,C0O Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refdg reg..lO54tN T Central lsts.107
U S 2« refdg coup.l054iN J Cent gen 5»..131H
D R 3s registered.. HC^j Northern Pac 3s.. TO 7 ,
I* S 3r coupon 110*4 'Northern Par 4». .1054
IT S new 4s reg....l37VN Y C & St L 4s. .108
U S new 4s coup.. 137*4; Nor & W cons 4s. 101*4
V S old 4s rrg 113»i Oregon Nav 1st ». 103
U S old 4s coup.. ..113*4 Oregon Nav 4s.. ..104
U S Us registered. .110** Or Short Line €s. .127*4
U S Fi coupon HO-% Or S L cons £s 1164
I>l*t nt Col 3.65s. ..123 iReadtng gen 4s 94
Atohlson g»n 4s lfl2*i'RIo Grand* W 1st* 9»*»
AtchUon adjust 4s. S3 S L & I M cons Ssll6 |
('nnafjk Sou 2ds....llO»4 S L & 8 F gen Bs.1294
Clies A Ohio 44«.1C64 St Paul cons 1S4
»"hes /i Ohio 5s 1114 Pt P O & Pae lcts.HS4
Chi te Nor cons 7*. HO iftPC* Pac 3c. .1204
CANS F Deb 5s.l24 ! Southern Pac 4s... 937;
Chi Terminal 4*.... S7V4 Southern Ry is. .U5>-i
Cnlfvi-ndo Sou 4«.... 844'Stan.l R & T «».. 87
Denver *¦ R O it.. 102 |TfX & l»acific lsts.HRti
Trie general 4f.... S34 Ter & Tacifle 2d». 53
F W *z D C lsts.'S3 ITnlon Pacific 4a...M<;
General Elec 6s.. .1674 Wabash l«t«.... ...11314
Iowa Central lst<».118'4 Wabash M*... 10RU,
1. & N unified 4«.10Ui Weft Shr>re 4n ljr.ti
M K & T 2ds <«*»•' Wl* Central ]«ts.. SSv:
M K * T a S7 'Va Centuries «s
Lest I
: This
i L.&H
ox?.
2l
¦I Hours |
| Season.
t Staeon
¦7 SI
j T? n
¦ .-. -i
....
Trace I
; :i.st
I an
1« (W
UA2
13. s;
l is f«
16. IW
it*
lo.OT
6.:i
r.
s
•n<1rnr
uis O
Trace i
1 26. «
1 * 13.61
2.H
; j:.66
4. 57
>rn . .
8.53
2. €5
Lest I
: This
i L.&H
ox?.
2l
¦I Hours |
| Season.
t Staeon
¦7 SI
j T? n
¦ .-. -i
....
Trace I
; :i.st
I an
1« (W
UA2
13. s;
l is f«
16. IW
it*
lo.OT
6.:i
r.
s
•n<1rnr
uis O
Trace i
1 26. «
1 * 13.61
2.H
; j:.66
4. 57
>rn . .
8.53
2. €5
OCR AN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j» v , Steamers leave EroaJ-'ay
fcfr, wharf. San Francisco:
K^-^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 n. m.,
H&^Sfiv Feb. ZZ, Man-h 2. r !;T^;« to
¦ffij^^vj^k ccrrpany's steamers a: Seat-
K^fflQjmi For Vlctorta, Vancou~»r (B.
{ajfeSIlegSiAl r.t. Port To-rnsend. Seattle.
(./ raeoma, Everett, Anacorfs
New Whateom ("Vfash.)—
11 a. m., F»>b. ZZ. March 2 an!
e-rery fifth day thereafter. Charx* at S?att:«
for this company's steamers for Alaska ant
O. N. Ry?: at Seattle or Taeoi-a to N. P.
Rj-. : et Vancouver t" C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. F»b. 22.
27. March 4. and every fifth day thereafter
For Fan Diego, stoppfns only at 5aata P..ir-
bara. Port Lea Angeles and Redonin (Lo»
Angeles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 3 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sunday". 9 a. m.
For Fanta Crnr. Ment»rey. San Simeon. Car-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lois Ob!spo>. Gatinfa,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San P«dr\
East San Pedro (Lr>« An«rel»s) ar.d Newport—
Fteamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer
Bcnlta* Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mairiale-a Bay, San J>>se <J*1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex. 1 *— V) a. m.. 7th each ncnt!».
For further information obtain, company's
folders.
The company reserrea the right tn cha-«r»
steamers, sailing dates and hours cf lailing"
lrltbont rrr»rton!» nnt'c*.
TICKET OFFICE—I Xerf irmtrKnery
street (Palace? HnteO.
GOODALL. PEUKiyS & CO.. O-. A~t-..
IV Mark-et «.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STSA-TZRS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-g-get IViarf _? 11 a. ex
CADC $12 First Class including BartS
iMnt $8SeeondClos» and M*il«.
COLXTiTCIA Sails Fen. 23. _Tar. 4
GEO. VT. EXDER Sails Feb. IT. V. Mar. 9
Short Line t» WaHa "Walla* Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In th« Nortil-xert.
ThrtT|fa tickets to all points East.
E. C. WAKD, General Ajrent.
•30 _Tarket st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STBAirERS WTXI, LEAVTJ VTRXEF. COR-
per First and Brannaa street*, at 1 d in
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOXG. calling at
Kobe <Kiopo). Xagasakl and Shanghai, and
connectinir at Hongkong 1 with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board ca day
of salllnr-
SS. AMERICA MARr.... Friday, itarch TS. tm
SS. HONGKOXG MARU.-Tuewiay. April 9. 13CI
Rour»d-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freUht and raasage apply at company's office.
•Cl Market street, comer First.
VT. H. AVERT. General Artst.
AMERICAN LINE.
WZW TORK. S0UTHASPTC5. M5D0n. PJLBCt
Ptappls? at Cherbourg, "restbsnnd.
From New York Ever- Wednesday. 10 a, __,
Xew York, Feb. 2TIVe-r York March 29
Vaderland March <5 Vad«-rland March 27
St. Louis March UlSt. Louis April 3
RED STAR HNS;
New York and Antwarp.
From New York Every "Wextnesday, _} Boon.
Kriesland Feb. THKensinirt^n ...March *O
South-rartc — March SlXoordland ....iXarch 27
Westernland. ..March 13iFries!and April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION* COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery atreet.
occanicb.b.to. bss as
SS, MARIPOSA (Honolulu only>
Saturday, February 23, 2 p. __,
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Nex-
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 6, at 9 p.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
I D.SPBECKELS k BROS. CO., Ginsral JM. 32? Srkst St
Sa'l Passengjr C3a, 643 Hirtat St., Piir la, 7. ?:s_: St
PANAMA R, R. TSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. ? 10*-,; Steerage. ?4O.
S. S. St, Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot cf Fremont st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passerper office. 330 Market tt.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coa.it Ag?ftt.
PICITIC STEAM SAVIOATI05 CO. AJTO
C0a?AKU SUD A2I£RICA5A DB 7AP0ES3
To Valparaiso, steppln? at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section Na.
2 Seawall. SaillSK:
SS PALENA February 22. 1001. at 12 m.
SS. COLOMBIA March 7. 1901
8S. TUCAPEL March 20. l»n
S3. AREQUIPA April 4. 1301
Thep* steamers are built e-prens'y for Central
and South American passenjeer service. (No
chance at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
i>a,«'en^er office. 315 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agent*.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twln-Ferew Express S^'Vlce.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— IIAlinURO.
Columbia March SiDetitschland ...April It
A. Victoria April lliColumbia May t
Twin-Screw Passenqor .^ervtr*.
PLTMOtrrH— CHEIIBOU HO— HAlir.lT.fl.
•Phoenicia March I. Waldersee Man-h 1«
Patricia March 3. Pennsylvania March 30
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hambura-^m-rlcan Line. 37 * \*/av. N. Y
HERZOG A CO.. Genersl As«>nt3 for Paclfio
Coast, 401 California street.
COSiPAQNIS 6_3t2BL_MI TSAMSATLA-'ITIQU-.
DIIIECT LINE TO HAVTvE-PARIS.
Salllrft ev,-ry Thursda- bMM-4 nf
Saturday. *e M a. mC. from Pier 4-. -
North River, foot of Morton street. First ela'-
to Havre. *:* an:l upward, .^f/ 11 °lVZJ2
Havre, jr. ard upwvd. ..E.VKP.A I. A^ENCT
FOR UNITED STATES a?.(i ' A.VVAV. 33
Krcsdiray lUndtnt bu1Hlr_e>. New TOrtUi J.
F FVOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
MontT-rrrry avenu-. ?an Frnn-i--co.
sold.by ell P.aliroad Ticket A.^nta.
BAY A1TD F.IVEB STEAIiIZP.S^
FOR L«. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
t .«_ ¦••"n.-tic.- !•-. "
MON.. Tu«"!» . 'Wed., T>"rs. and Sn». tt i:C>
a. m.. 3:U. S-CO r. rn. <cx Thurr^ay n!<;ht>: Fri-
days.' 1 t>. m. ard S.H: FunJays. 13:30 a. m.. 3
r. m. " Landing an^l off!<-e. Ml??t^n-strcet Doclc.
Pier No. 2. Tclerhone' llain IMS,"YOUNG DUTCHT," CHRE
TIEN'S ACCOMPLICE, SEN
TENCED TO PENITENTIARY.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 20. — Cham
pion James J. Jeffries' injured knee
threatens to put him out of the pugilistic
game. Jeffries, who Is playing a week'B
engagement at one of "the local" theaters,
was examined by a noted surgeon' to-day,
and his ailment was pronounced a float
ing cartilago
Jeffries' Injury Serious.
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
directed the Board of Public Works to ex
plain .Its suspension of thirty laborers In
the Street Department without regard to
their standing on the eligible list. The
commission has a rule' that all suspen
sions or dismissals' made without cause
shall be made in the inverse order of ap
pointment. Commissioner Manson states
that the men have been temporarily laid
off. as. the work -on which they were en
gaged was completed. In some cases the
least efficient men have been relieved, and
Manson contends that the board is tho
sole judge of the efficiency of its em
ployes. ¦ ,
Suspension of Laborers.
Frank Gorman was arrested last night
by Officers George Douglass and John
Sullivan and charged at the City Prison
with assault to commit murder. He fired
two shots at J. Rlley early Tuesday morn-
Ing after quarreling with Rlley over
money matters. Mahel Keating was held
on a charge of vaprr.ncy as she is sup
posed to have knowlecige of the affair.
Arrested for Attempting to Kill.
The Scottish Union and National Insur
ance companies, 819 California street, have
a new manager. T. J. A. Tiedemann has
succeeded R. C. Medcraf t. With the
change four clerks have also been retired.
Tho'change followed the visit of John E.
Kelly, • superintendent of all the agencies
of the company in the United States. The
change has caused no little gossip on Call
for nia street and among Insurance men
generally. . , . •
Mr. Tiedemann, the new manager, de
nies any cause for the change exists, ex
cept the desire of the main office for a
change. * Insurance men speak/ in high
praise of Mr. Medcraf t, who is w«ll known
to all underwriters. The new manager,
Mr. Tiedemann, , was formerly with
Brown. Craig & Co. and has been recently
connected with the companies of which he
has just become the manager.
Scottish Union and National Under
Directorship of T. J. A. Tiede
• mann, Who Succeeds Medcraf t.
INSURANCE COMPANIES
HAVE A NEW MANAGER
The board of directors of the Mechanics'
Institute held their semi-monthly business
meeting at the Institute building, Popt
street, Tuesday. The annual election of
trustees is to be held at the Institute next
Tuesday. The list of candidates, seve.i
of whom are to be elected, is as follows:
W. A. Heatty, Alpheus Bull. G. L. Center,
G. V. Day, J. G. Giesting, Rodney Ken
*lrick (Incumbent), R. W. Neal (Incum
bent >, James G. HpauKling. Otto von Gcl
dern, Luther Wngoner and Horace Wilson
(incumbent). The four trustees wh*> are
not candidates for re-election are W. N.
Brunt. E. A. Denicke, C. M. Plum and
John McLaren.
A committee of three. . appointed as
judges of the election, was composed of
the following named: Henry Root, James
M. Kelly and David Kerr. Another com
mittee, selected to Install the new truw
tees, waa made up of H. H. Davis, Asa R.
VV'tUi mid C. IX. Plum-
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
DIRECTORS HOLD MEETING
Committees Are Salected for the Com
ing Election and Installation
of Trustees.
Calif ornlan manufactures will be pleased
to learn that something is about to be
done at last regarding competition with
convict-made products. A bill, now pend
ing before* the United States Senate,
which has parsed the House, provides
that such g-oods, transported from one
State to another, shall thereupon become
subject to the laws of the State into
which they are transported relating- to
the sale of goods made by convicts in that
State The Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association of California sent an ur
gent telegram to Senator Perkins Tues
day asking him to secure the passage of
the bill before adjournment. A reply to
President Sbarboro of the association
fame yesterday and read, "Am strongly
in favor cf passage of bill preventing
prcducts of prison labor coming Into our
State If we can reach bill on file, think
it will raj?*."
Convict-Made Goods.
Denies Petition of Heirs for Judg
ment of Court, Declaring It
Invalid.
The trust clause in the will of the late
Josephine L. Sanford, which was attacked
by heirs of the deceased, has been sus
tained as valid by Judge Coffey and the
estate was ordered, distributed. The ob
jectionable trust clause reads:
I give and . bequeath to Professor George
Davidson. Dr. C. N. Klllnwood and Andrew S.
Moteley,- an undivided fourth part of Rancho
Los Maganos in trust, however, to receive the
rents issues and profits thereof and apply the
net amount of the game to such extent and
at such time or times as In their judgment may
be proper to and for the use and heneflt of
Mary Sanford and HurUington Santord. chil
dren of my nephew, John Edward M. Sanford
of Dorchester. Mass., until paid Huntlngton
Sanford ehall attain the age of 21 years, where
upon they shall convey the same to' said Mary
Sanford and Huntlngton Sanford.
It was claimed by Attorney Charles S.
Wheeler, who represents the heirs, that
the clause "To such extent and at such
time or times as in their judgment may
be proper," permits the trustees to hold
the lr.como of tho property as they willed
and hence the clause was contrary to the
statutes against cumulations. Mr. Wheel
er also contended that the trust was "one
to convey" and hence Invalid.
Judge Coffey, however, held that the
points were not well taken and sustained
the trust. . *
JUDGE COFFEY SUSTAINS
SANFORD TRUST CLAUSE
Reed plied Jones with questions with a
view to showing that the profits of the
San Francisco Gas Company had largely
Increased since the system of Incandescent
burners had been inaugurated. Jones,
however, said that the company had been
subjected to a great loss by reason of the
destruction of Incandescent lamps and the
high price of anthracite coal.
Reed quoted from the company's state
ment showing the value of the gas and
.electric plant to be 511,500,000 and the net
proilt $G28,117.
"According to your own figures," said
Reed, "the board has allowed you to
make about. $60,000 more than 5 per cent
on your valuation."
"I am prepared," said Jones, "to show
that ?1 50 is a fair price for gas and that
at $140 we can only hope to pay a divi
dend from increased consumption. I do
not ask you to raise the price of gas, but
I ask you not to lower it."
C. O. O. Miller, president of the Pacific
Gas Improvement Company, followed and
practically agreed with Jones regarding
the cost of producing gas.
The board adjourned. to meet Saturday
at 2 p. m. for. the resumption of the in
quiry.
Engineer Jones of the Gas Company
Asks That Rates Be Not
Reduced.
Chief Engineer Jone3 of the San Fran
cisco Gaslight Company was on the stand
during almost the entire session of the
Board of Supervisors held last night to
take up the fixing of rates to be charged
for gas and electric lights. Representa
tives of all the lighting companies were
present to testify as to the cost of pro
ducing gaa a,nd the valuation of their
plants to enable the board to establish
the schedule for the next fiscal year so
as to allow the companies 5 per cent on
their investments.
BOARD BEGINS INQUIRY
INTO LIGHTING CONCERNS
to the expiration of the stay and the le
gality of Hansted's conviction determined.
Society held their annual business meet-
Ing in the parlors of the Occidental Hotel
Tuesday' morning. The meetings was
called to order by the president, Mr«. E.
S. Breyfogle. A reading of the reports of
the treasurer and secretaries was request
ed. The reports showed that in the seven
teen years since the foundation of the
charity the results In every line have been
most encouraging. Hundreds of .needy
women have been provided for and
finances have grown steadily. The out
look for the society was never so bright
as at present.'
After the reports had been read and ac
cepted Attorney H. E. Highton of the ad
visory board made a brief address com
mendatory of the work of the organiza
tion, and suggesting that with the large
amount of funds now on hand the society
would be warranted in planning to build
a house of its own.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year was next ordered. The results follow:
rrcBl-ient, Mrs. K. P. HreyfoBle; vice presi
dents. Mrs. Henry Schmledell. Mrs. Johvi Cur
rey. Mrs. Ix>u1s Hloss and Mrs. Ifpnry Wcthtr
b<?«»: trMPurfr. Miss E. Grace ITnurer; recording
secretary, Mrs. Spencer C. IJuckbee; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. H. K. Bunker. Di
rectors—Mrs. 12. R. Broyfogie. Mrs. Henry
Schmledell. Mr*. John Currey. *.SIss L.. MoKln-
Ktry. Mrs. XV. P. Morgan. Mr*. H. E. fli^hton,
Mrs. J. G. Conrad. Mrs. H. L. Dodse, Miss K.
Grace Knrer, Mrs. Lewis Gerstle an.l Mrs.
Louis SIrsa.
Work of Last Year and Financial
Condition of the Charity Are
Encouraging.
The ladles of the Woman's Exchange
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL MEETING
The Lake Shore and Xlckel Plate nre
running their trains, but many hours be
hind time. Farmers cannot send horses
through the snow and nre forced to walk
miles for life's necessities. • . ¦
The "Western New York and Pennsyl
vania Railway accommodation train, due
here this morning, was stalled in a drift
higher than the engine's stack while
rushing down a huge grade south ,of this
city. It was dug- out with difficulty and
again started on its precarious journey
toward Buffalo. It probably will not get
through to-night. This road is operating
its trains with three engines and has
three plows at work on the tracks. The
worst drifts are at Summerdale, where
they reach a height of twenty feet in
spots.
On the Philadelphia & Erie a snow
plow, jumped the track at Jacksons while
endeavoring, to force its way through a
big drift! Traffic was delayed several
hours. For the first time in many years
this road has been compelled to use snow
plows. The Erie is also compelled to
operate hastily improvised snow plows,
something unheard of on the main line
west of Salamanca.
COREY, Pa., Feb. 20,-In the history of
this region no storm ever had the fury
of to-day's . blizzard. "With half a dozen
feet of snow on country, roads and' outly
ing city districts, and Hatch street buried
under twelve feet of snow, Corey caught
about the worst part of the storm. A
heavy fall of snow accompanied by* a
fierce wind of great velocity set in last'
evening and has continued with unabated
vigor. It is still raging to-night.
Furious Blizzard Impedes
Traffic on: Lines in
Pennsylvania.
TRAINS BURIED
IN SNOWDRIFTS
Catholic and Episcopal Churches Ob
serve the Usual Bites of Ash
Wednesday.
Ash Wednesday has come and gone and
during the nex*. fftrty days the Catholic
and Episcopal world will be "temperate
In all things." Yesterday was a busy
day with religious people in all Christian
nations, to whom the holy season of Lent
is of particular significance. In this city
special services were held in the Epis
copal and Catholic churches to awaken re
ligious activity and prepare the members
for the sacred obligations of this observ
ance of the anniversary of the most im
portant events in the Savior's life. Extra
masses were said and the ashes were
blessed and distributed to the congrega
tion. In the evening there was the
rosary, a sermon and the benediction of
tho blessed sacrament.
At St. Mary's Cathedral masses were
said at 6 and 7 o'clock and high mass at
9 o'clock. The ashes wore blessed by His
Grace, the Most Reverend Archbishop
Rlordan. After each mass the ashes were
distributed. In the evening Father Pron
dergast preached and after the service
all who had not previously received the
ashes did so then. At St. Ignatius' the
ashes were blessed at the. 6:30 mass and dis
tributed nt every mass following. An
extra mass was held at 9 o'clock and will
be continued at St. Ignatius' throughout
Lent The rosary was at 7:30 in the even
ing, following which was a sermon by
Father Joseph Mulligan. The benediction
was then given and ashes distributed to
those who had not received them.
SPECIAL SERVICES AT
THE BEGINNING OF LENT
YOUNG DUTCHY," former pugil
ist and instructor in boxing, has
been sentenced to' five years'
penal servitude in Folsom Prison
for making and uttering a ficti
tious Instrument in furtherance of the
conspiracy, fathered by John M. Chretien,
to loot the estate of the late Joseph Sulli
van Chretien's conviction closely fol
lowed the expose by The Call of the plot
to rob the Sullivan estate. Hansted,
whose connection with the swindle be
came known only after he had departed
for Cape Nome, enjoyed liberty a little
longer. He finally returned to this city,
was placed under arrest and being unablo
to furnish bonds remained In Jail.
He was placed on trial before Judge
Dunne on a charge of making and utter
ing a fictitious instrument. Chretien,
who was responsible for his plight, made
an effort on the stand to shield Han
sted, but he jumbled his statements and
finally unconsciously furnished the evi
dence upon which the conviction of Han
sted was had. After his conviction,
Hansted's counsel moved for a new trial
on his behalf. After elaborate argument
Judge Dunne took the matter under ad
visement. Yesterday he denied the mo
tion.
Hansted was ordered to stand up and
Judge Dunne, after briefly reviewing the
case, and the evidence against the crime,
sentenced him to five years in Folsom.
A stay of execution for thirty days was
granted. A suit of probable cause will be
argued before the. Supreme Court prior
Accomplice of John M. Chretien in the
Conspiracy to Loot the Sullivan Es
tate Is Sentenced by Judge Dunne
FIVE YEARS IN FOLSOM
IS HANSTED'S SENTENCE
Jennl* D. Cooper of the Franklin Gram
jnar School asked to be retired on an an
nuity, but action was postponed.
Previous to the regular meeting the
board held an executive cession at which
Superintendent "Webster and Director
Casserly patched up their recent differ
ences -which arose over the latter riding
In a hack to visit schools.
Superintendent Webster Issued a circu
lar yesterday to principals and teachers
Instructing them to ascertain the names
«f pupils who have never been vaccinated
or trho submitted to the process more
than Beven years ago. Vaccination may
b« dor.a by any reputable physician, but
the certificate therefor must receive the
official etamp of the Health Office. Vac
cination Is now going on at a rapid rate
at the City Hall under the auspices of
the Health Board physicians. Yesterday
562 children "were inoculated with vaccine
•Virus.
Patrick Piever.« was dismissed as Janitor of
tl-p V.'aj=hlr.cton Grammar School and Mrs. Pat
rick Stevens appointed Janltrees to succeed
h'm
Th» Pur*>rlTiten4ent cf Pchoolx was Instruct
ed to purchase '"" copies of '"P^ins for Mem
orlzlnp." by Miss A'.tc*. Rose Power, for dis
tribution throughout the department.
The secretary was instructed to advertise
f-r bid* for leasing for twenty years and
trading to the official (trade the school lot
at Twentieth and Kentucky Ftreetg.
J. B. Pyke» was transferred from the Hor
ace Mar.Ti Grammar Rrhool to the commercial
'epaxtment of the Lincoln Grammar
School to teach commercial law and
other branches at a salary of $K«)
p*r jnonth subject to the rule of the
board requiring: a probationary terra of three
years to take effect February 21, 1301.
The board decided to form a new class
in the Dudley Fiona School to accommo
date f="ir.e twenty-five pupils living In the
Panhandle district.
The Board of Educntion yesterday be
gan preparation* to take the school cen
sus by appointing John N. Elbert head
renFU! clerk. He will have forty assist
ants who will he selected later. .
J. B. Sykcs Transferred to
Lincoln School.
BOARD PREPARES TO
TAKE SCHOOL, CENSUS
Appoints John Elbert Head Clerk
EDWARD SPROAT was the victim |
cf a terrible accident yesterday
forenoon in the Union Iron <
Works. He was struck by 10p0 |
pounds of steel plates, that swung !
¦gainst his breaM. crushing him against a
brick wall.
Sproat was a machinist's laborer and ,
¦was at work -with Frederick Kruse of £27 j
Jessie Ftreet and James Kenny of 14
H*ron ptreet. Sproat was at the bottom
of the annealing furnace, which is thirty
feet lor.g:, six feet wide and ten feet deep. *
The two others were on top of the fur
nace, making the necessary signals for
the lowering of ten Eteel plates with an
electric crane. When the plates ap
prnached the bottom of the furnace
Sproat unhooked the plates and attempt
ed to push them closer to the brick wall
of the furnace, but the plates fell or
swung over, striking him on the breast,
crushing it. He expired in twenty min
utes. The body was taken to the Morgue
by Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan.
Pproat roomed at l&M Golden Gate ave
nue and leaves a wife and two children
in Holllster.
! SUPREME COURT HOLDS
DOCTOR RESPONSIBLE
Patients as He Wishes Learns
Differently.
Physician Who Thinks He Can Treat
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday affirming the Judgment
of the lower court which awarded R. J.
Lathrop 12000 in his action for damages
against Dr. P. H. Flood.
Flood, a practicing physician of this
city, was engaged by Lathrop for his
wife, Margaret, who was about to be
confined. The case was properly treated
up to the time of childbirth, and then,
because the suffering woman shrank from
the use of instruments and screamed,
the physician "became disgusted," as he
says, and ordered her to stop crying. His
command was not instantly obeyed, and
after some further surly remarks he put
on his hat and without a word regarding
his intentions left the house.
The agonized husband followed him Into
the street, begging him to return lest
his wife should die. The doctor refused,
saying that there were plenty of physi
cians in the neighborhood. Mr. Lathrop
requested that Flood recommend some
one, and was told: "Get whoever the
devlV you please."
After an interval of an hour another
physician was procured.
The court held that when a physician
has once accepted a case he must devote
the best of his skill and attention to it,
and can leave only on dismissal by his
employer or after he has given due no
tice of dissatisfaction and also - ample
opportunity to procure another physician.
Hence the verdict of the lower court is
upheld.
widely for signatures by citizens Inter
ested in the moral welfare of the city. It
is an appeal to the Supervisors not to
legalize gambling in this city, and is more
especially directed against the reopening
of Ingleside racetrack. The petition in
full follows:
To the Honorable the Mayor and Board of
PupervlFora of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California— Gentlemen:
Your petitioners respectfully ask your honor
able body not to pass the proposed ordinance
designed for the reopening of Ingleslde race
track and for the re-establishment of legalized
gambling in San Francisco, and in this behalf
your petitioners submit:
That the establishment of a gambling resort
in this city and county will be of incalculable
injury to the morals of this community.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 20.— A frightened
horse almost turned Warden Agulrre over
a steep embankment while he was driv
ing to this city to-day. "While coming
over the hill above the .O'Connor ranch
the warden's horse became frightened as
a team passed and plunged over tha edge
of a culvert. The .inimars hind feet be
came fast in the wheels and buggy and
occupants almost rolled over the bank.
By the exercise of great presence of mind
the warden got the horse back on tha
road. The buggy was badly shattered.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 2O.-Weather fln«;
track fast. Results:
First race, six furlortRS— Pirate's Queen won.
The Bronze " t>einon- second. Slg Levy third.
Time. I:t5.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth— Al
Oasltey won. Eugrnla S second. Left Bower
thlnl. Time. 1:4a.
Third race. Btee-piechase. «hort course — Llxzt«
Kellv won, Miss Ransom second. Terry Ran
ger third. Time. 3:11.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile— Hood's
Brigade won. Cluster second. Sklllman third.
Time. 1:42'?-
Fifth race, one mil» — Zol-> won. Novelty sec
ond. Juanetta third. Time. 1:13.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Bohul
won. Buena second, Bequeath third. .Time,
"Warden Aguirre's Narrow Escape.
Results at Nsw Orleans.
SATfTA BARBARA. Feb. 20.— The pret
tiest wedding of th«* season was solem
nized this evening at Unity Church.
Rev. George Stone of Oakland offlclatlnsr.
The contracting parties were Herman,
Hall Eddy and Miss Rosamond" Melgs.
Mr. Eddy is well known throughout tha
Pacific Coast from his connection with a
local bank and extensive banking inter
ests at Juneau, Alaska. He Is the only
son of Willlan Eddy, a pioneer banker of
this section. Miss Melgs is the eldest
daughter of Peverll Melgs of La Mesa, a
retired New York banker. Mr. and Mrs.
Eddy will reside here.
Flees on a Freight Train, but la Pur
sued and Captured After
a Battle.
RANTOTTL. 111.. Feb. 20.— The private
banking Institution of F. C. Vennum. at
Fisher, a small hamlet In Champaign
County, was robbed to-day by a lone
highwayman, who secured $1629. At 10
o'clock Arthur Hyser, a farmer boy aged
22, entered the bank, and in a quiet ton©
said he wanted money, at the same time
covering the clerks with a pistol. The
cashier, Arthur Vennum. handed out the
money requested and the robber backed
out of the door. An alarm was given,
but not before the robber had boarded a
freight train just pulling Into the yards,
taking charge of the engine. Sev
eral citizens armed themselves and
caught the caboose of the train as It
passed the depot. They crawled over tho
tops of the cars to the front of the train
and exchanged several ineffectual shots
•with the robber. The train was stopped
F.fter a mile had been covered, the robber
was captured and the money recovered.
Wedded at Santa Barbara/
FARMER BOY ROBS
A COUNTRY BANK
That the subject of gambling and poolsell
lng was submitted to the people of this city
and county af the last election under the pro
visions of the charter governing the submis
sion of questions to voters.
That the voters of San Francisco by a large
majority decided against permitting the sell
ing of pools and gambling in the city and
county.
That said action of the people is binding upon
the Board of Supervisors until the subject is
again submitted to the popular vote.
That the proposed ordinance Is in effect a
violation of the charter in that it will be, if
adopted, contrary to the will of the people,
expressed under charter provision. .
That If the mandate of the citizens expressed
through method established by charter Is to
be disobeyed by officials elected under the
charter, then one of the valued and Important
popular functions of the charter will be de
j stroyed.
PETITION SUPERVISORS
TO SUPPRESS GAMBLING
The following petition is being circulated
REV. A. C BANE MAKES A DEMAND
THAT F.J. SULLIVAN BE INDICTED
California— William E. Reading. Bodie;
Joseph Dobrzensky, Westley; Alexander
Brlzard, Hupa.
California-Original— William M. Hall.
Los Gatos, $8; Charles Koch, Alameda. $6;
Henry M. Gpodrich, Raggett. $S. Increase
—Alfred Rowland. Chico, $12; John Aus
tin, San Jose, $10: Joseph A. Moore. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angelas, $10. Original
.widows— Hester A. Wilkinson (mother),
Princeton. J12: Abbie S. Clark. Middle
town, $8: Mary A. Buck, San Francisco,
$S; Helen Goyette. Stockton, $S.
Washington— Original— Alphonsq G. Kll
lam, Spokane. $6. Additional— Thomas
Halvorson. Seattle, $S. "War with Spain—
Rufus W. Fletcher (father). Latonia. $12.
California— Willard C Bean. San Fran
cisco, support for punching bags; Charles
H. Benoit. San Jose, hand sowing ma-
Chine; Wilmer S. Case. Hayward,,can
heading machine; James V. Coleman; San
Francisco, amalgam squeezing machine:
John Frey, San Miguel, machine for dis
seminating wheat; Charles C. .Haub. San
Francisco, curtain fixture; Aristarchus F.
Hubbard, Simmler, airship: Francis J.
Johnston. Sacramento, vehicle tire; James
D. McFarland Jr.. assignor to Bruckman.
San Francisco, revolving cylinder engine:
Frank C. Millar. Tracy, combined grain,
cattle and merchandise railway car; Of
car Newhouse. San Francisco, lubricator;
George T. Parsley, assignor one-half to
J. W. Downing, Hornbrook, miners' can
dlestick; William- A. Rose. Santa Rosa,
soldering Implement; Henry E. Waite. San
Francisco, insulating support for electri
cal conductors.
Oregon— Maurice L. Akers. lone, slat
fastener: Frank Dayton, Portland, boot or
shoe clearer. . _ • .'
Washington— Frederick H.. Edmonds.
Ridgefleld. clothes wringer: Fred F. Fen
lasson. Seattle, pulley; Edwin J. Field.
Spokane, screen front for tlreplaces; Al
pheus K. Roe, New Whatcom, circular
gang sawmill.
Major Benjamin M. Koehler, Thirty
seventh Volunteer Infantry (first lieuten
ant of artillery), upon muster out of the
volunteer service will report to Lieuten
ant Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn. Twenty
fifth Infantry, chief mustering officer.
San Francisco, for duty as assistant mus
tering officer.
First Lieutenant Teneyross. Third In
fantry, will upon the expiration of his
leave of absence, of which he availed him
self in San Francisco, report to Columbia
Barracks, Ohio, for the duty of conduct
ing recruits from that post to the Pre
sidio of San Francisco and for further
duty with recruits upon arrival at this
latter post.
The Bentley Const-uction Company,
now bulldins the San Francisco Postof
:< fice. has been awarded an additional sum
i of $22,500 for the substitution of granite
in lieu of brick for the extension of the
! fourth-story walls above the roof of the
I building.
Pensions Granted and Patents Issued
.. on Some Useful In
' • ventions.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— The name of
the postofflce at Hoopa, Humboldt Coun
ty, California, has been changed to Hupa.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
EDWARD J. POWER,
nf the popular young commander of
\V_^ the League of the Cross Cadets.
is lying In a very precarious con
dition at his home, 1721 Jones
street. Last Sunday the league cadets
met in St. Mary's Cathedral and renewed
their pledges of abstinence. After the
ceremony a dress parade -was held on Van
Ness avenue. While the parade was pass-
Ing In review, which required over half
an hour, Colonel Power stood dressed In
his military uniform without an over
coat, facing the bitter cold wind that
blew down the avenue.
• He contracted a severe cold and Mon
day afternoon, after eating a hearty din
ner, he was taken suddenly ill at his place
of business with a profuse hemorrhage
of the stomach. An ambulance was sum
moned and the Colonel was conveyed Im
mediately to his home, where he has
since been confined. At the present time,
although he is very weak from excessive
loss of blood, no fatal result of his Illness
is anticipated.
Dr. Morrisey of the League of the
Cross, who is attending him, has advised
that he be given several weeks' rest, as
his system has been greatly weakened by
overwork, and it is surmised that this
is the cause of the hemorrhage.
Colonel Power is very popular among
the members of the League of the Cross,
whose Interests he has done so much to
promote, and it is sincerely hoped that
he will soon be able to resume his duties.
Popular Commander of the League of
the Cross Cadets Seized With a
Hemorrhage as Result of a Cold
COLONEL E. J. POWER
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
THE SAN EEANCISCO CALL,. THDESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
Edward Sproat Almost Instantly Killed
at Union Iron Works' by Plates of
Steel Under Which He Is Caught
LABORER IS CRUSHED
BY A MASS OF METAL
POPULAR COMMANDER OF
THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS.
SCENE OF THE ACCIDENT IX WHICH A MACHINIST'S LABORER WAS
CRUSHED TO DEATH IN THE ANNEALING FURNACE AT UNION
IRON WORKS..
9
Clergyman Declares to Grand, Jury That Mayors Brother^
in-Law Should Be Prosecuted for Renting Buildings to
Slave Owners and Is Referred to Police Courts
THE indictment of Frank J. Sulli
van, brother-in-law of Mayor Phe
lan. on a charge of leasing a por
tion of the Sullivan estate in
Chinatown for Immoral pur
poses, was demanded yesterday afternoon
by Rev. Dr. A. C. Bane before the Grand
Jury.
The investigating body yesterday re
sumed its Inquiry as to • gambling and
other vice In Chinatown. Only two wit
nesses were examined.
Rev. Dr. Bane, when called before the
Grand Jury, was examined as to his
knowledge of vice in Chinatown, his testi
mony being similar to that given before
the legislative investigation committee.
A dramatic scene occurred when the
minister "In forceful terms insisted that
the owners of the brothels in Chinatown
should be indicted. Dr. Bane demanded
as a citizen and a clergyman that Frank
J. Sullivan, the Mayor's brother-in-law,
should be charged with violating the Pe
nal Code in renting property in which the
slave girls were detained and Immorality
flourished.
It was suggested to Dr. Bane that Mr.
Sullivan or other owners of the property
where the dens are situated might deny
that they had any knowledge of the uses
their property was put to.
Dr. Bane answered that if Mr. Sullivan
or others made such an absurd assertion,
it would be best to send for them, and If
necessary' take them into Chinatown and
let them see with their own eyes what
was going on. Judge Dunne and Judge
Murasky ¦were sent for in order that cer
tain legal propositions might be answered
and the decision given was that the
Grand Judy bad no power to indict Mr.
Sullivan for a misdemeanor, the renting
of property for immoral purposes not be
ing a felony.
Rev. Dr. Bane then stated that he would
secure warrants against Mr. Sullivan and
other owners of the Chinatown dens by
process in the Police Courts.
Rev. Frank K. Baker was also exam
ined by the Grand Jury and gave similar
testimony to that given before the legisla
tive committee. He was asked if he could
recognize "San Jose Charlie," the notori
ous owner of lottery places, in the pres
ence of whom a reporter whom he accom
panied through Chinatown bought a lot
tery ticket. "San Jose Charlie" had
sworn before the Grand Jury that he
never saw a lottery ticket marked In all
his life. Dr. Baker had no trouble In de
scribing the Chinese, and said he was
present when lottery tickets were sold to
the reporter in the minister's presence.
Dr. Baker took the same stand as Dr.
Bane as to the prosecution of the owners
of the Chinese dens of Infamy.
A number of witnesses, including "San
Jose Charlie," were waiting to be exam
ined when the Grand Jury adjourned un
til next Monday evening at 7 o'clock.
The Law and Order League, of which the following: gentle
men compose the committee the Rev. II. A.' Ktslc, the Rev. F\ A.
Doane, I. J. Truman, F. L. Turpln, the Rev. AV. W. White, the
Rev. \V. M. Woodward, the Rev. Dr. Beard and E. C. Gilbert
have Issued the folloirlns addreii to the publlct
The moral people of San Francisco have In the past stood solidly against
that which degrades and destroys manhood. Are we going to surrender that
which has been sained by such persistent effort without orbtest? "We are
now brought face to fac« with one of the most serious Issues that could pos
sibly enlist the Interests of every lover of Justice and morality.
The gambling element of our city Is making a strong effort to reopen the
Ingleslde racetrack. Shallwe permit it? The highest and best type of our
citizenship should say, -with one of the most emphatic NOES ever heard in
this city, that it will not be tolerated. • •
The matter is to be brought up again at a meeting of the Board of Super
visors next Monday afternoon. The pressure being brought to bear by the
gambling element upon the Supervisors to reopen must be met by a loud,
Btrong protest.
Every citizen who desires to keep this place closed Is called upon to sign
the accompanvins petition and return at once to the Law and Order League,
room. 21, 723 Market street, city.
A PROTEST AGAIXST THE REOPENING OP IXGLES1DE.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the City and Coun
ty of San Francisco— Gentlemen t We, the nnderilgned citizens of
the city and county of San Francisco, hereby petition your hon
orable body not to take any steps looking: to the reopening of
Insrleulde racetrack under any consideration WHATSOEVER.
Xn me Address •
Name Address
PROTEST AGAINST 1NGLESIDE.
It is a profound fact that Grape-Nuts
food will furnlfh more nourishment to the
tjetem than bread or meat. Any one can
prove the truth of this statement by trial.
"I can truthfully say the result has far
exceeded my expectations. She Is now
hearty, well, and can run and play as
other rhildren do. I am trying an experi-
ment this Fummer on leaving out meat
altogether for breakfast and using Grape-
Nut* food instead. Thus far we have all
been unusually well, and my men folks
(we are farmer?) i?ay that they do not get
hungry bo Quick when they use Grape-
Nuts food as they used to when they had
rr.lat."
Mre. Earah Lessir.gpr, near Stuart,
Neb., says: "My little girl, eight y*>ar3
old. has always been a delicate child and
ha« not been able to Ftay In school long
at a time, for she often fainted and was
week and puny, until last February she
had a. sick ppell and I began feeding her
en Orape-Nuts food.
Grown Folks Thrive Upon.
Finds a Food That the Children and
GRAPE-NUTS
A FARMER'S WIFE
Next
Sunday s
Call
Behind the Scenes With Bern-,
hardt
By Harriet Quimby.
My Experience as a -Svpc w
Mabel K. HopKins and' Her*
Parisian Gowns.
Where "Bohemia" Dines m
San Francisco.
The Story of Oakland's Jvnior •
Republic
"The Devil and Sin."
A Sermon by Rev. Samuel Slocsmbe.
The Science of Health and the
Functions of Our Organs.
Ey Gustavc Michael, M. D.
A Night on the Engine of the
"OaKland Local."THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
10
BXS FRASCISCO CALL.
BDBIXEBS OFFICE of Th« Ban Frandteo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
tnttl IS o'clock every night In the- rear.
CIUXCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:M p. ra.
SCO Jlsyrs street: epea until 9:S9 p. ra.
f33 McAllister •.treet; open until S:S9 p. ra.
C1C Larkln street; open until t:SO p. m.
1M1 Mission ctreet: open until 10 p. ra.
SX1 Mark ft street, corner Sixteenth; open
tr.tll S p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open nntll 9 p. ra.
I06S Valencia street: open until 9 p. rn.
ICortbweet corner Twenty-€econd and Ken-
?ri-V-v streets: pr-en PTitil 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICT2S.
a" REGULAR meeting of San «*fxr>
Francisco Consistory No. 1. ,J\
A. anfl A. Scottish Rite of &^feii*^?\
FVe^maBorry. will t>e held in fuL3tejS!&{<3
f'omn-.andery Hall. Masonic hj StR 1 * .~Vy
Temple. on THURSDAY if -tt 7
EVEX'XG. February "1. 1901, <p-jfBSS/Y^
at S o'clcck. Degree 22. %^^i>
HENRY BURNER, Registrar.
MISSION Chapter No. T9. R. A. M-— ¦
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ~J\-
EVENING. 7:3" r.'.-lr«-k. Mission Ma- JS>A
Fnnic Temple. 26CS Mtfcsion ft. Busl- ' w V
r.fss. R. A. Depree. liy order of the H. P.
• JXO. R. H1LLMAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A- •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/V_
EVENING. February 21. at 7:30 TKJT
o'clock. Third Dpjrr»e. Hy order of/^ *
the Master. FRANKLIN H- DAY. Sec.
FII>r.UTT Lortpe No. 1M. F. and A. M. «
Ppeclal meetinr THIS %^\_
EVENING, at 7:30 Vclock. Third De- /\/*
#rree. Master Masons cordially Invited. • ~
Uy crfer of the W. M.
FREDERICK HARRY. Secretary.
priTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. ¦
112. F. and A. M.. meets THIS > _^ i \ -
(THfRSDAY) EVENING. at 7:30 tfjf
(•clock, for TMrd Degree. Master 'V A
Masons nre cordially invited. By order of
the Master. ".. '.'. HARE. EeT-e'ary-
PACIFIC Lodjje N"- 155. I. O. O. .j$^"ffi££},
O F.— Initiation THIS 'TIirP.S-^JJT^a&c:
PAY) NIGHT; Feb. Zl, 3901. ;^^^S r
Urcther* Invited. Z™**
Anoi.PHT'S K. GRAUPNER. N. O.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON'. Sec.
OFFICERS and Tnem'.iers of j.
California Hnrbor N<\ IS, j TTi mm
American Association of ,jtji 5 j^^^^S^^
Maftera nr.l Pilots, nre r»- iji'.ji) jlt*''^
queM*-d to attend the fu- |r»***"
n?*ral of cur late brother.
CAPTAIN J. M. ANDREWS. Funeral ser-
vices will be held THIS DAY (Thursday) at
11 o'clcck. at his lote residence. 1611 Waller
et. Infrment private at Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery- fy cnler of the Captain.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
CLAN FRA5=ER No. 7S. Order of v 'Cf^.
Scottish Clans, will c'x-e Its tenth 5^ Q3JJ
F.nrual concert and social dance at "SfcJw*! 1 "
Sc-«ls=h Hall. Ill Larkin st.. on the **»*»:>»
evening of V.'ashlnKt )n's birthday. FRIDAY,
February 2. at S o'clock. Rev. William
Rader rrlll deliver an address,, subject. "The
American Scot." Eolrists. Mrs. Eva Tenny.
Mrs. M. M^-GIade. Mr Robert Lloyd and
Mr. Alfred Wlikie. Admission i'-c.
WM. RAE. Chief.
Wit. CORMACK. Secretary.
AN'NUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ir.s cf the stockholders of the Honolulu
Pientation Company will h» held at the of-
f.r-e cf the cotr.panv, SI7 Market st. Fan
FrarclFCO. Cal.. or. WEDNESDAY. February
St. 13^1. at the bocr of ll o'olo-k a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a b^ard of directors
to s^rve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of su'-h other bus'r.e«9 as may com»
befcr» the meeting. Transfer boolt5 will clos<* I
cr. FaturJay. February IS. 15C1. at 1! 1
o'clock rn. E. H. PTTF.LDON. Secretary.
AGEVTS WASTED.
T7IE fc'o il'.rhol Rubber Company of San
Franr!?r«o. CaJ.. war.'s Intelllg-ent men to act
as Its agents throughout the United States:
•nutt be men or character, address and push.
The cotr.pany owns inrpe properties. !« out of
debt end in a thoroughly swuni and flourish-
ing rendition. It has a considerable acreage
«lreai3y planted to rubber and has a large
force of'nieTi constantly at nrcrk. It offers
tzr ta'e a limited number of Interest bearing
• end Installment oertlf'catei. A comparatively
•rr.ali arrjoust invested new will produce large
er£ eteafilly increasing income in near future.
The corporation invites c'oseet investigation.
Agents and Interested persons apply Rio Ml-
chol Rubber Co.. r. C3-6C. Crocker b'dg.. S. F.
VANTEI^-AEent!- in "very county in the State
of Cal.. Nevada & Oregon: flrrt-clafs goodg
F*jp.rantee<l. For xvirtlrulars address G. W.
ZIXN & CO.. 1C*3 Q st.. Sacramento. Cal.
AGENTS wanted throughout the State to sell
chares on coromiFsiir!. A<5firpe«. with rofer-
*r.eei5. THE ARGYLV* oil COMPANY. 603
California et.. room 509. 6. F.
AGF.XTS — Authentic "Life of Queen Victoria";
t-e£t bo^k and terms: handsome outfit, 10c.
R. R. Patterson. 4*!3 Montgomery St.. S. F.
COOD solicitors: male or female: excellent op-
portunity for rlcht partieF: salary and coni-
miBsirn. 47 Post Ft., room E.
AGENTS— Do you want something more, profit-
r.ble and easier to sell than books or lr.sur-
cr.re? Add. F. PEP.SON. r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AOr\T in every town for '"Life of Queen Vic-
toria." Cal. Pub. Co.. T27 Market, r. 708, S. F.
WANTED— Good country solicitors. Monterey
Central O!l Co.. room 40S. Examiner building.
AGENT, ladr. Urge income, a* county repre-
r«-r»«t'v* of locsi manufacturer, iiii. Call.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICI3 free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe.« without success; collections. O. W.
HOWX utty at law. SW Market, cor. Ptockton.
J. H. UJcICKIGHT. ccllectlcns: damaces: es-
tates: mining; open even. ' M2 Parrott bldg.
FKANK X\'. SMITH, mining and probate law a
¦tpectoyy. Mills blc. r. 3. 4th f!r.:te*. Red 3«1«.
Al'VICF. fr*e: rt« charce unless succes-ful. W.
XV. DAVIDSON. JT7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L P. CLARK. Emma Prreckels bide.. 927 Mar-
ket »t.: oor.*u!tat!on free: no ffe<« «t» advance.
ASPHAL.TUM ROOFING.
-. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
r»*ire<*: twytsi. y.%K MUsion: t»l. Folsom Itfl7.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN baa Just received 1301 Columbia bi-
cycles. 201 Larkin et. and 1S66 to 1374 :
Pare Ft.
' =;
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — NOTION store: established many years;
eles-rir.g about *150 per month; location can't
t>e beat: rent tZZ; ctean etock. Inquire R. G.
WILKE. 2Ki Kearny Bt.
A— $1X0: CAFE acd restaurant; elegantly fitted
vp and doing a ru<ih:nK business; located
close to Powell and Market ets. Call R. G.
WILKE. K4 K^rnv st.
A-$TC0; HALF-INTEREST In flrst-cUs« pay-
Jn<r restaurant; daily receipts about J60: rent
r7S: retiring partntr to leave for East: a bar-
r*'n. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny et.
A— t'lJO; COFNER grocery and bar; choicest
Tart Western Aid.; clean ptore, fresh stock;
rood paying business; rent f.'.Z. Inquire R. G.
V.'ILKE. ar-4 Kearny ft.
A— $7;0; SALOON", I doors west of Montgom-
ery et.; 3 living rooms; rent $43; dally re-
ceipts from SIS to J1S; a pood paying and
clean place. Call R. G. WILKE. 2€«A Kearny.
A—tzyjO; SALESROOM of buggies, surreys,
phaeton?, etc., r.cw and fecond-hand: place
?srabllfibed 8 years; clearing about 1400 per
month: actual value about $4000; investi-
gate. R. G. WTLKE. 26\j Kearny st.
A— GENERAL merchandise gtore: about 30
rr'.les from S. F.; ertab. many years and do-
' Jr.g a first-class paying business; price $4000;
a very rare chance and fullest Investigation
solicited. Call R. G. WILKE. 3>'4 Kearny.
A-t?00; CORNER butcher shop In northern
part of city; rent t20: horse, cart: Felling 4
cattle ard shout 33 eheen per week: a cash
custom. Call R. G. 'U'llke. *£ij Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
profitable bnslnrts. controlling a good. safe.
rclH and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an Kcceptable party duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally !n ths management of the busl-
r.ers; one accustomed to horses preferred-
capital required jr.000 to S10.000; full value in
•lght; books «nd business open for investiga-
tion. J. W. r>onnelly & Co.. C3J Market st.
CAPITAL procured for all legitimate enter-
prises; stock companies Incorporated tn any
Ptcte; partnerships ar-d loans negotiated-
business places of all Icinds bouirht. sold and
••¦xch an «¦«•<! by HERRERT «- CO.. room 710
Earni Pprerkels building, 3*7 Market Ft.
MONEY ssved to buyer?; fine openings In gro-
ceries. «-clocr>s. dear Mores, hotels and otli«:r
businesses; inveetleate.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
rhnr.e M'.r.t 1S11. 917 Market, bet. Cth A Cth.
FIXE established restaurant; E-Jdy Ft.; clrse
to Market: cost T700 to fit up: banja'.n: »430.
National Real F-rtat* Exchange. 3 Ed.ly st.
TO Jyt— Lan^« store; plenty of basement room*.
gord chance for bakery and restaurant:
owner willing to hel;> build an oven. Apply
tn ni!« et.
J<(K>— CORNER rrooery nnd bar: good business;
lanre stock: f!r.» fixtures: cause elckneiu. Ad-
<3re« box 729. Call office.
WILL rent 14 rooms and sell the furniture for
JI25: J25 per month rent. 417 Harrison- st.
"WANTED— To buy or lease, a suitable place
for laundnr. Cox j£39. Call office.
BUSINESS CHAJfCES CONTINCKn.
A— J175; BBANCH bakery and variety store; S
rooms. McLAtTGHLIX, 777VJ Market gt.
A— $150; MILLINERT store; S furnished rooms;
. good place. MCLAUGHLIN. 777*4 Market st,
JT50— CIGAR store; transfer corner: good trade;
rent ?10. MCLAUGHLIN, TTTK Market st.
1430— RESTAURANT: city* front; will sacrifice,
having 2 places. MCLAUGHLIN. 777*4 Mkt.
WANTEr>— Saloon and lunch house, downtown;
no agents. Address box 1S37, Call office.
ROUTE for sale: 4J0 papers on the Chronicle.
Inquire at f-2S Union gt.
RESTAURANT for pale; price low. Steuart
Kt.. 6 doors south of Market.
BAKERY and restaurant for eale on account
of sickness; terms reasonable. 959 Howard.
SHOP WAKTED-Want to buy out up to date
tailor shop on Market, Sutter, Kearny or
adjoining streets; give prices and particulars.
Address box 1818, Call office.
OLD established corner liquor store; well lo-
cated; doing good business; sickness cause of
selling. Box 1S27, Call office.
CANDY and stationery store, stock and fix-
tures for sale cheap: no agents. 305 Polk st.
SALOON fixtures, bar. cash register, safe,
etc., for Bale cheap; retiring. 432 Dupont st.
WANTED— Parties to ;oln a co. now taking
Government claims for homestead & oil: soil
the best; plenty of water for Irrigation. Roch-
dale Land & Oil Co.. 26 Montgomery st., r. 22.
|SM>— PARTNERSHIP; city business; can make
tlOO a month. Cal. Bus. Assn.. S65H Market.
A LADY with $300 cash can" buy interest in
profitable office business. Box 1S12. Call office.
A CUSTOMER of ours has cash and unencum-
bered real estate to exchange for good pay-
ing bUElneei or stock of merchandise. HER-
BERT & CO., rm. 710. Emma Spreckels bldg.
ACTIVE man to Invest from J1000 to toOOO In
established legitimate businees: experisr.ee
unnecessary; guaranteed talary of J150 »o $290
monthly; best city references and bankable
security given. Opportunity, box li<*. Call.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sata. Apply
Call Business Office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call business cfilce.
FOR Rent — Unfurnished ; flrBt class; Union
Hotel In Sonoma City; renovated from cel-
lar to garret. Particulars Inquire 1474 Ninth
et.. corner Chester. Oakland.
FOR sale— A steam laundry In the Sacramen£>
Valley dolne a businees from J100 to $150 per
week; no other laundry within 30 miles. Box
1645. Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber etock, donkey engine, horse teams, eto
H. & F. L. COOPER. . Nevada City. Cal.
TO LEASE from the 1st of March; unfurnished
hotel, broad pauge station. San Rafael. Ap-
ply owner. 11 Lyon Et., San Francisco.
WELL-EPTABLlSHKn carpenter shop for
sale. Apply 816 Gough st.
FOR sale— A fish and delicacy store. Address
C. M. W.. 848 Virginia gt.. Vallefo.
$30 T7INS J300 per month at races: reference*
given. Information Lyons, 9n Market, r. 4.
LARGE laslOo route on thU paper lor eale.
Apply business ofCre.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelve.1 at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements am!
pubecriptions las been established at 1098
Valencia st.
lyOUGrKU-HUCSRS KOR SALE.
"3-ROOM house; cheap rent $1000
7-rocm fiat: best part of city $375
22 rooms; very pood: clears $100 $950
J7 rooms; near Call office $«00
14 rooms;. sure to clear $100 $1000 ,
21 rooms; on Market st JS33 .
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
.V-room boardttTSr-house $3500
H0-ronm hotel; clears $S00 tVM
OT-room corner hmise; clears SSW $riQ<V)
10 rooms on Eddv st.; clears $75 $'!50
10 rooms on Taylor st $400
15 rooms; new. elepant furniture $t4<*) :
*S room«: r.»w: elegant: clears $300 iSofV)
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 79«.
A.. WE PAY SPOT CASH :
For Rooming-houses and Hotels •
Do Not Wait for Agents to Sell
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 650 Market. [
l~t>; 20 ROOMS: all one floor: Geary St.:
clears $10": only £250 cash required.
J?00 caFh for 11-room house; nicely fur-
nished: pood location: balance payments.
$-VX) for 18-room bcardln*-house: central:
always full: rent fZ: long time balance.
Vacant ho«ses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
MARION GRIFFIN nap a big list of houses.
Rooms 1 Sr 2. No. 719 Market; near Call bldg.
13 rooms: rent $73; first floor: all offices: must ;
be sold; departure; reduced from $1900 to $1430.
S rooms: cor. flat: all funny: elecrant: rent $45;
brand new and nice; strictly first class.
11 rooms; costly fur.: rent $.15: respectable. $3C0
40 rooms: respectable; rent $1SC: modern ,
house; owner leaving c:ty: a fine bargain.
JS rocm*: pood fur.; rent $68 $1100
f0 rooms; fine cor. house: light; sunny;
full: price reduced f-om $3000 to J45OO
SO ROOMS; brand-new; nw*t pell; north Mkt.:
rent $75. WINSTON & WOLF. 1G2C Market.
. 1
31 ROOMS; north nf Market; psrt cash: price
?42S. WINSTON fc WOLF. 1026 Market st.
60 ROOMS; rent IMS: north of Market: fine pay-
ing house. WINSTON * WOLF. 102G Market.
£6 ROOMS: comer: cheap rent: price $2R00; part
enrh. WIXSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
W ROOMS: newly furnished; rent $150 $8000
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra... flM
10 rooms. $4*0; 10 rooms, quick EM
tVd buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all
hair ir.attresres; best of bedding: clears $6S
month: rent onlv $;2 Bft; big bargain: best lo-
cation. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market et.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
n.11 buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers: before buying call.
G. "%V. SCHWEINHARD,
rhone Mlr.t 1911. P17 Market nt. b»t. Sth & Sth.
CALL and ree our list of bargains in houses:
we have them In any part of the city snd st
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Piith st.
PARTLY furnlrbed 14-room house at a bar- j
gain: all outside sunnv baywlndow rooms; ,
running water: must sell; o*n»r hns to leave j
city: central location. Bos 1S31. Call.
$7;A— 2f, ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILS. X Eddy st.
jison— LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 50 rooms.
11K^ Ellis St.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED, the celebrated gypsy. Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling j-our name, the
name of the one you love and the name of
the one ycu will marry, for a short time;
the only medium in the worM so sure of his
occult power that he will trive every person
•who comes prepared a wonderful free test.
''all or write, with stamps for «n«»vr, 1CS2
Market st., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reniler. medical sit-
tings, fl. 11C4 O'Farrell. nr. Gouph. Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER'S Washington's birthday ma-
teriaiirlng seance to-morrow, 1 p. m • DOc.
10S4 Bush st.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night. 1133 Mission St..
Cambria Hall; convincing test. Mrs. Kotter
Maxwell.
Meeting to-night. IKS Howard: Mrs. Maxwell.
Thurs., ? p. m., 1133 Mission. Camb. Hall. 7-S.
r.Ilin. TOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night;. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. FLSIE REYNOLDS' materializing se-
ance Thursday evening. 139 Taylor St.; 50c.
EARLE, 305 Tavlor St., corner Ellis— Sitting*
dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dully. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. LESTER — Readings. C0c; circle every eve
r-x. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues, eve. 222 Turk:
MRS. LOUISE R. DREW, Psychic. Electric |
and Magnetic Healer, room 14. 3K Larkin Bt
C. Mayo-Steers. 112*4 Oak uU. tranc* medium; !
readings ?lMiourw 1-5 p. rn. : tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP H»ll. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
yr»v»y «|HtTi«*« *••*»* ?-••¦?• *~/»n t/%.T>i r >,t :10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME m7~BERN ARD. " ~~~ ~~
THE FAMOUS -
Clairvoyant and business medium. Is perma-
nently' located at 17 Third st.. next Examine-
building. She reads your life correctly, gives
an accurate description of the past, reveals
the present happenings and portrays wents
to occur In the future. If you are In trouble,
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied In Ufa.
or have domestic, love or business troubles.- '
consult this great medium ' ar>»1 you will be
told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
In all affairs of life; 2>c up; perfect satisfac-
tion (ruaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
vMI reunlto you with your loved one; her ad-
vice ran be relied upon In all business affairs,
sales of property, oil. mines pnd lawsuits: do
you wnnt a better rxvltlon? Tall a^d learn how
to get it. MRS.E.SAXDEnS.1104 Market, r. 28.
MME. rORTKR. wonderful clairvoyant & card
r»s<1er. born with rtmiblo ve!1— -«cond sljrhf
I dlspnoso* <il!"ea*e with life reaflln*: loflle* 5fyj
j gents $1; palm, and cla!r. Bit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
...HOPKE BROTHERS..
318-320 ELEVENTH ST . ....*h...
Mattresses and Pillows Made to Order
RE COVERED AND, RENOVATED '
' :- Feathers and Hair Thoroughly Cleansed Honest Worn Guaranteed
UpHoletered Furniture Cleaning a S-^tpecriej It>"
jrtne 'Clpbolsten? at lowest prices Eycdlent carpet Cleaning anfc TRenovattnQ
"^l^^Z^P^Z^^r^f ' / Z£-&£se>in&(^ r '^-^-«<t-«r->-t^??r ?<**2-»*. P^Z^^~~l^t^-~^ *ae— «-«-^
....... . . . . ...... » . . ? ........... .... ...... . . . . ...•••»..». . . . . ...... . . . . . . . .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS,
The world's greotcst living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted daily on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
I doubt the moat scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the worm to-<3ay.
There is no home .so dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart po sad and
lonely, that cannot be s«t rleht and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet of modern
times: all long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedy and hnppy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells If your loved one is true; en-
sbles you to win ths affection of any cne you
desire: a'.so that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for in life Is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome ycur enemies; no matter what your
trouble is, he can and will help you or
charge, you nothing for his services.
N. B. -Palmistry taught; medlumistlc per-
eon8 developed. 16*4 Kearny st, near Market.
Readings by mail.
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
rtate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; nsk six
questions; Inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. in.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; Fend stamp for pam-
phlet wlih special terms. Dally and Sunday.
LSMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, business me-
dlum: mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader:
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. Sixth.
MME. 7.EREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clalrvoyant.water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken:tel.Howardl8J6.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 4<S*4 Jessie st.. bet. Sth & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN, the well-known fortune-
teller. has removed to 222 Eddy St.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Reat-
ing Works. 3C3-857 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Be.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3<t4. GEO, WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Ben ting Works. 333 Golden
Gate nve.: telephone East 12**. .
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No oharge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO' LET.
WOLFE St.. 8— Cottage 4 rooms, yard, etc.;
rent $9. Key 204S Mission st.
j $12— REAR sunny house of 5 rooms, facing
j small street 2510 California st.
! DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
k-t st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 00 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fl"e hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. -THATCHER. M. IX. Manager.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldeework. See our new
unbreakable plate, th» Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $."5 50: fillings. 50c; plates.
f."i. full pet: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
i EIGHT rrlzes for best crowns, nlates. bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
rhPapeft and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LITDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made ovc-r like new; teeth
from 18 per set; extracting. DOc: gas given.
THIS New York l>entlsts have moved to 9C9
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult u« on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815*; Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
' less extraction £0c;plate« $5 up;phone Polk 113.'..
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor, Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 23c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
nmlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days." 1001 Market st, corner Sixth. •
SKT of teeth without plates. DR. !i. g[
TOTtno. i3ii rolk st. -
EDUCATIONAL.
E^-iRNTN^^cT^olT^?TriBUs7N^sF^OL^
I LEGE. 1236 Market st. ; Individual Instruction
j In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $3 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market st— Day
and evening; $8 per month: $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses: telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.'
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $30: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post SJU
P. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ;' day
snd night sessions; new S0»page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for . the university, law .and medical
colleges : \referenc-s. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
?len& guaranteed to It' by written contract,
nnd can therefore with- confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. SOS Larkin st.
EDUCATIOXAL.
EIGHTH. 34tf— Piano teacher with piano want-
ed: to take large furnished front room and
give lessons for part rent.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beslnnera; business
' college graduates; bookkeeping figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 210 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hlrsching. 334 Kearny St..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxiva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ITALIAN nnd French, lessons, practical meth-
od, by a lndy teacher. Address box 2091. Call.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris; violin, mandolin,
. guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Box 15SS, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $G mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION- night cl.-ifs. 4?4 Pine ft.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japonese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn. ; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush S76.
JAPANESE and ChlneRe help of sll kinds;
cooks, waiters and houss servants. GEO.
AOKI «c CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: t«l. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.. tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main olS8.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. E44 California: phone James 2601.
ORPHETTM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41114 O'Farrell »t. tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American wo-
man with references; used to the entire care
of motherless children; also cooking and
washing: wages $10 to $15 month. Call 250
Tohama st. ! •
YOUNG woman, literary student, wishes em-
ployment as office assistant several hours
dally. Address P. A. B., care Y. W. C. A.,
1259 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Position by . middle-aged English
woman as working housekeeper or cook on a
farm: best of references. 913 Flllmoro st,
near McAllister.
AMERICAN woman wishes to go out by the
day; washing. Ironing or housecleaning: flrst-
class worker: $1 and carfare. Box 1S38, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes to do general
hous°work and cooklrg; wages $20 and $25 a
month. Box 1S46, Call office.
A WOMAN wants a position to work by the
clay or half 5 day. 4 Sherwood st. between
Howard and) Mission.
GIRL from country wants place to care for
children or llrht housework; wages $10. Box
mo. Call office.
LADY employed part of day will perform light
household duties or take charge of family
mending. F;. F.. 2200 Fillmore st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to work by day. Call
at 350 Tremont ave.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse: best city refer-
ences. 318 Austin ave., nr. Bush and Gough.
FIRST-CLAPS waitress wants place in res-
taurant. Box 1E51. Call office.
REFINED young woman who wishes to learr,
th«T trade would Ilka position in flrst-clas;
b«lr<lronRing establishment. Address H. W.,
126 Ellis st. :
YOUNG girl would assist in light housework
pmnll family; no washing: wages $12. Cal:
79 Waller st: no postals answered.
WOMAN would like to do work by the day.
146 Eleventh st.. rocm 10.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to dc
plain housework. ]359Vi Minna st.. between
Fourteenth pnd Fifteenth.
TVINCI'ESTEtt House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 B0 night. $1 60 ?r> $S
week: convenient and respectable; fre« "bui
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
• received at Cil! branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
"employment wasted^male.""
MIDDLE-AGED man. unmarried, mechanic,
wants place in hotel or summer resort t<
make repairs and assist as porter, etc.
. small wagrs. Box 1811, Call.
MAN wants work on private place: under-
stands horses, cows, butter, poultry: handj
¦with tools: last employer can be Interviewed.
Reliable, box 1847, Call. ¦ ¦
STATIONARY engineer, strictly sober and In
duMrlous, 12 years' experience, wants stead]
position; beat of references. Box 1845. Call.
GENTLEMAN wishes position as porter; wort
about saloon. Address 244*4 Clementina at.
ENGINEER wishes employment; able to d(
* all own repairs. Box 1833. Call. -; ¦¦ ¦
SITUATION .wanted by practical laundryman;
no objection to out of town; am applicable
to any position where physical- labor Is re-
quired: out of employment. Address T. J.
TURNER. Cosmopolitan Hotel.
SITUATION wanted by practical soapmakei
of-allklndp of laundry and toilet soaps
boiled or. cold process, sand and salt watei
Foans; can take entire charge If necessary.
Address O. N.. 8'Decatur st...S. F.
YARDMAN— Acquainted with the erection ol
building*, tanks and derricks: experience lr
laying pipe lines and erecting pumping sta-
tlonw. Address box 1810. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper.. stenographer anc 1
typewriter , would like position: good refer
enees; city or country. Box 1S09. Call office
CLASSIFIED advertisements and «ih«crlptlom
. received nt.Call branch office. itOO Fillmore at
A BRANCH office. for Call advertisements am
subscriptions has been established at 1W
Valencia ft. ' •
; EXCHANGE.
NEW house of 8 r > ma.>A)ameda. will exchanei
for tood lots in Alameda. Oakland or. Berk
J. H. Young, owner and builder. 1243 Park st
FICATHGn PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to havi
their feather pillows - cleaned and renovated
"-¦tvy the ".itest santturv prncea" may addresi
FEATHER KACTORT. 244 Stevenson St.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New fiats on Buchanan et.. between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.: B and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply O. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st.
VERY fine. flat. 7 rooms. 2S24 Mission St., be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-gecond.
$2S— NEW upper flat: 6 rooms and bath. North-
west corner Turk and Pierce sts.
Jll— NEW 4-room flat; cellar; water free. 20
Sumner at, off Howard, near Eighth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for fl.
~ii«t«ee paid.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Complete housekeeping furniture of
11 rooms; account of building to be torn
down. 40 Minna st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $43 E0. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale — Carpets, furniture and gas stove.
Inquire 1529 Clay st. Friday. 2 to 4.
FURNITURE WAKTED.
Auctioneer— LkVlncent.1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TQ receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc. see W. E. Cody. 7S7 Mission: tel. Red SSS3.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market ft.: tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
" price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/ S... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
4 more waitresses for flrst-class hotel, coun-
try, fare advanced, only 8 people to watt on,
J20, call early; 3 more waitresses, Fresno,
$20, fare advanced; 4 more waitresses, Coro-
nado Beach. $20; 3 more waitresses. Los An-
geles. $2fl; 2 more chambermaids. Los Ange-
les. $20; one-half rate fare for all above
places: 2 waitresses. Santa Monica, 120. fare
paid: 10 other waitresses for different country
hotels $20; waitress. Institution. $20. room,
board and washing: 10 waitresses, city, $20.
Flannel lroner. $25 and board; ironer on
Indies' clothes, $32 50 and board, city; good
!... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook for short distance In country, see party
here at 2 o'clock, $25; cooks, l.ouse girls, sec-
ond girls, city and country, too numerous ti
mention.
C. ,R. HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
- Head waitress. $35: 8 waitresses, country ho-
tels. $20; 5 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $7 and $8; 3 chambermaids to
•wait." $20; 2 chambermaids, first-class country
hotel. J17 50: cook, institution. $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrt, 4 In family. $25: 4 housegirls. $20:
cook. $25, and second girl, $20, for Santa
Cruz, fare paid, and many others.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
GOOD cook for family of 3, general housework,
$30, see party here; neat girl for small fam-
ily, house newly furnished, Jan to assist,
elegant room for girl, a snap, $25; we have
other places an follows: 1 at $25. no window
washing, no children, no upstairs work, plain
cooking; 1 at $20. no children, plain cooking:
1 at $20, 3 in family, 1 room to care for; 1 at
$25, good cook, see party here at II o'clock;
2 nurse girls at $10 to $12. Cal. Emp. Agency.
69 Third St.: phone Red 31.
A— WANTED.
2 nsslstant attendants for children In insti-
tution near citv. $20 and found and Increase.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at
WANTED — Trimmers, makers and salesladies
for millinery: state experience and salary ex-
pected. Apply box 1843, Call office.
WANTED— Nurse girl for child two years old;
state references, wages wanted. Box 1834,
Call office. ¦
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Good bed maker. 126 Fourth et.
WAITRESS wanted. G2S Fourth st.
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 McAl-
lister St.
WANTED— Girl to take firare of baby; call
morning. 1629 Golden Gate av«.
FINISHERS wanted on cloaks and suits.
RATNER. 331 Post st.
WANTED— Button sewers at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s. 36H Fremont st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $25. Apply 514 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice; good pay. 528 Stevenson, rm. (1.
WANTED— Experienced finisher on custom
coats. 334 Kearny St., room 9.
A YOUNG girl about 14 or 15 for light house-
work. 116 Walsh, between Fourth and Fifth.
COOD finisher and apprentice girls on custom
coats; paid. 126 Russ st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
Call at 1321 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL to do light housework and plain cook-
Ing. Apply after 11 a. m., 1913 Larkin st.
MILLINERY trimmer wanted at 1323 Stockton
street.
WANTED— Smart young girl for shooting gal-
lery; good wages. 420 Dupont'st.
WANTED— Improvers on skirts. FRANCIS,
796 Sutter St. ¦
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCIS,. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED — Young lady as salesgirl and book-
keeper. Address box 1S56. Call. -
WANTED— Lady about 30 for commercial posl-
¦ tlon: salary and expenses. Box 1S30, Call.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p.m.. this evening. '
GIRL to assist in housework; wages $10 to $12.
1716 Post st.
GIRL for general housework; 4 in family. 1663
Post st. "
WANTED— A young -fill to assist tn light
housework. 1018 SutteT it.
NEAT young rlrl to assist In general house-
work In small family; call a. tn. 2040 Sutter.
A GIRL for general housework. AddIv at
3007 Sixteenth «t., above Mission,
NEAT girl for downstairs; one who under^
-stands cooking; wages «5. 1180 O*P*arrell st.
OPERATORS - on ladles' underwear to work
i In factory. 723 Market it., room JS. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* an4
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
HELP TVAISTKD MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY-PHONE MAIN 53*3
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.........
S handy men city factory $150 day and up
4 boy», city factory :;:""!r# w "5
Mlddle-axed man as toolkeeper..Jl> and found
5 teamsters. city..Jl 75 day and $1 day and fd
4-horse teamster, city. go
Butter maker and milkers «<>
2 milker*, city dairy » 3<J
Gardeners, stablemen, etc
Wocdchoppers and tiemakers: tools furnished
MURRAY & READY. 634-63$ Clay tt.
A— COOK and dishwasher, same hotel.... *45.$tl
6C4-K6 Clay st.
AT C R HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 185
Tunnel-rntn. teamsters and )»b°^ :f £, u ?g£
WOrk^'*HbTEL'DEPARTMENTV"*
a waiters first-class restaurant, country. JIU
IJek Eee <=ook. family hotel M™*
and dlshwanher, country hotel, $«» and 115.
second coox. country hotel $4o. * »«» lle ":
'** 'c'lg'HAS-^N- 4 CO.. 1M a«»T «¦
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t.
A Ca^p A emTr 3 ?or mine, steady place I g M a^Jay;
chard. J26: Scandinavian man and wife. l».
W. D. EWER & CO.. «10 CU y gt -
TIEMAKER. ship to-day: woodchopp*rs: W
teamsters, tl 75 to *2: *-borse «amst er *£
per month, qutrrymen. «» tolV •»*«/
work. CAL, EMP. AGENCY. 89 Third »t
FIVE picture-frame makers; 4 cablne; t maker*:
non-union; no office fees. M 5£^» «t
REGISTRATION BUREAU. 410 Kearny st.
BARBERS. Notice-All shops will c!ose °n Fri-
day. Feb. 22. at 12 o'clock noon. ,Le« al n0 "*
day. I. LESS. Sec. Jour. Barbers Lnlon 14S.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union, ua
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LES3. Secretary.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths and Kreen hands
' for whaling cruise on steamer. HEIOIA.\ o.
26 eteuart Bt. -
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 411. Parrott building. -
"WANTED— An active young man. sober, as
porter for saloon; good wages to right per-
son. O. WEINHOLD. Lombard and Lyon sts.
MESSENGER boy: apply in own handwriting;
state age and give references. P. O. box ZQ43.
BOY wanted at '523 Mission Bt.
TWO young men to feed Campbell cylinder
and Gordon presses. 16 Fremont st. .
ERRAND boy who lives home and can read
and write. £09 Kearny at., room 2.
DISHWASHER wanted: wages $30; apply Im-
medlately. Troy Hotel. 506 20th St.. Potrero.
DISHWASHER wanted at 619 Montgomery st.
EXPERIENCED canxassers to fell new house-
hold article* In city: good commission. 418 Turk.
WOMAN wants man as working partner, game
business. 30 Hannah et.. Watts tract. Oakl'd.
WANTED— An elderly, reliable man to do gar-
dening and care for two horses; must furnish
reference; good home: German preferred. Box
1823. Call office.
WANTED— By wholesale house, a bookkeeper:
state experience; must furnish references and
bond. Address box 1829. Call office. ¦
BEST chance for boy 15 to 18 years old to
learn a good trade. Inquire basement 215
Grant are , 10 to 12.
BO.T wanted, grocery store. 1531 Chnrch st.
TAILORS— Ladies' tailor wanted for country:
must be first class and rapid. Apply at
STEIN. SIMON & CO.'S. Marfcet and Second.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard. Re-
member, no barroom chair used In this college.
BARBERS— Good-paying 2-chair shop: no rea-
sonable offer refused. DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25e
to COc- 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SMART, clean boy for office. FINK A
SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st. _^__
WANTED— 100 men to tak«; rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boeton House, 9S0 Howard st. f-j
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for eale cheap. Call
Immediately. 394 Sixth st. - -
J-CHAIR furnished barber shop for rent; rent
J12. 1633 Turk st.
PHOTOGRAPHER, good view artist, wanted;
one experienced under skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co..
Oakland.
10 TEAMSTERS, steady work. {1 73 and $3 per
day. Apply 212 Ninth rt.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corpa. TJ.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
le*i than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 4 feet
1 inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman In furniture and carpets: state
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age: applications will not be con-
I sldered which do not contain this Information
J complete. Address R. F. B.. box 1637. Call.
MEN Our catalogue explains how we teach
the barber trade In two months, saving two
years; mailed free; we have no 6c »ho© In
connection with our college. Moler*« Barber
College. 635 Clay st.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 *. m. at 302 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, f-62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A gentlema;i to Interview selected
individuals with a view to securing their In-
terest in Japanese ert: artists with leisure
preferred. 5 Market 3t.. room 6.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150. larsr»
rooms; 25c per night: II to 12 per week.
IMMEDIATELY: three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call E9 Columbian building, city.
BAILORS, blacksmith, seamen *• green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Ccv. old reliable
firm.- 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: readlne-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIF.D advertisements and subscriptions
received »t Csli branch r»f»W. K(W> Fillmore »t. x
HOnSES AXD AVAGO^fS^
HANDSOME matched team of carriage horses;
7 and 9 years old: sound and In excellent
condition: well broken to Mn*le and double
harness. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Mont-
gomery st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At ECLIPSE STABLE. 1375 Eddy
Rt., 3 road horses. 1 road team. 1 bay carriage
horse. 17 hands: aU. wagon and business
horses.
S. F. VETERINARY. College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalorue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Oolden Gate ave.
A NEW pneunr\atic-tlred road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKKR. veterinary dentist. 16* Golden
Gate nve.. corner Leavenworth st. -i-.- : ¦:¦¦¦,
MUST sell— Pair black horses: will seperate:
single or double. 24 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses: also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st
STYLISH driving horsa and cart: lady can
drive. 1314 Mwson «t. '
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, hoi-res. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single.' alw> llqrht
camping wagon, for sale chenn. £32 Mission.
iHOCSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST House* to let; «end for cir-
cular. Q. H. TTMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1335. near Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath. Imipdrv: marln* view: rent $45.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— Modern house or flat of six rooms
and bath, very nicely furnished, by respon-
sible party for two months or longer; in
Western Addition. Box 1811. Call office.
WANTED — By responsible party, unfurnished
houa* nf 10 to 15 rooms, south of Market st
Box isr,r>. Call.
HOUSE CLKAMNO. ~
JAPANESE Hobj* Cleaning Co.. estah. 1*90-
removed to 419 Devlyadero st.. tel. Fell 131 '
IXVALtD F'JRXITITReT
INVALID furniture and appliances; saleorrent-
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave ., nr. Pott it
LOST A.\r> S*O<TfD.
LOST— On Market nt. cable car. at ferry ter.
minus. Monday night, at 11: 45 p. m.. lndy 1 !
brown leather purse, with silver trimmings;
contained small sum of money and two keys.
Return to Pacific Ga* Imp. Co.. corner Anni4
and Stevenson sta, and receive reward.
LOST— At Mardl Gms ball, a diamond sun-
burst: liberal reward for return. Box 1S35.
Call office.
LOST— About January 23, lady's diamond frog
pin; green eyes, equitable reward upon re-
turn to C. E. GRAHAM. 4 Montgomery st.
BUXCH of keys; Stockton st.. between Broa.i-
way and Green. P.eturn 501 Montgomery
ave. ; reward.
LOST— Red bill book. bet. Sixth and Eleventh!
Market and Folsom; reward. B. FRAN-
CIIINI. «02 Francisco St.; tel. Red ISS4.
LOST— A lady's enameled pin; reward. 562 Fcl-
¦cm «t.
LOST— Saturday n!«ht. a Rold open-face watch,
with J. L. E. on back (Tiffany make), plctur*
of old gentleman tn case: was attached ta
leather fob with sliver string. Finder return
to California Hotel and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Ilibernia Saving]
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name cf EMMA BRADFORD. No. 237-9C;.
The Under will please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. »13 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and preclou« »toB«»
bonrnt. J. R. JKNKF1> >!7 Mark-t St.
MATRIMONIAL.
CEXTLEMEX wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send Wo for list; oldest reliable rfgency; con-
fidential. MRS. HERTZ. 70« Ellis st.
MARRIAGE bureau: reliable and confidential
MR. BLAKE. 323 KeaTny st.. rooms 4 and 5.
MATTRKilSES A.NI> V PH^ n T •
MATTRESSES and upholstery; teL Bouth r*1:
to order or renovated, feather and hati
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly r«-
liaMe. HOPKE BROS*.. 31»-«0 Ele-renth .».
MKD1CAL.
DH. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; S3 years" practice:
perfectly reliable: a posttlv* cure guaranteed
at office.: patlenta treated can return sarn*
day: those wishing to treat themselves ihoald
¦end for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MEXTia ture cure: gives Inrtant relief: harm-
less; any one can use it; stamp for circular.
DRS GOODWIN, the w«ll-known expert oa
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment: *af» and reliable: v)
years in Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced la
S F*. since 1SS4; maternity home; fe» low.
1C<T"H Market street, near F'.xth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELJa moved to WlS Market.'
cpp. Sth: world-renowned ladies" ipeciallst;
safe reliable: practiced In San Fracetsco for
years: treated thousands of eases successfully;
treatment can b« used at home; consuUatloa
free. After all ethers fall call rn him.
MRS DR KOHL. W7 Market st. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladies* physician; 25 year<
successful practice: positive curs guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS DR. "WTETH. reliable specialist: IS yrs.'
¦uccegsfu! practice: guaranteed treatment at
cfflce: any B.llmen-£: horn* for DatieriM: ecn-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde aaj Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market,
bet. Taylor wnd Maynn: ladl>< srecia'lst,
MISES A.VD 3I1.VIXO.
MINES bought ard sold; also stocks In ralnea
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. • 47»«
478. 4th floor. Pwrmtt bldg.; 10-12. 1-3-
MINING AND ASSAYING.
TWO experienced prospectors would like to
confer with responsible parties Interested In
mining. Box 1808. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— KOR. SALE.
ISoiLERsT'enKlnesr^d^hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont it.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-band: we always
have a large stock of saloon p-tflts on nan !;
U complete outfits en cne floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAS. 1017. 1019. 1U21. 1023 Mission st..
above, Sixth: write for catalarooe.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for 13 down and
S5 per month; write for catalogs and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 405 California,
»t.; rentals, new machines. {3 per month.
A — BUTS. sells or rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. tit Spear st.
20 H.-P. D. C, 220 volt Westtnghouse. motor
for sale or exchange for any other machin-
ery. Box 1«47. Call office.
A— JO-TON How* wagon scale; compouait
beany Apply at 3« California ¦«.
BARGAIN — New, large, family tent, awnlnc*.
' all complete. Can be seen at 2441 Buchanan.
FOR sale— An upright piano, in good order;
price noo. 214 Franklin st.
TTPETVRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgy.
Gasoline cr distillate, engines, new and 2d-hard;
all sizes: guaranteed. .NT.V.'ELL. 56 Bluxome.
THIRTY 5-ft: emerald b«th tubs at a bar-
gain. 204 'Mission st.. near Main.
A 15 AND JS H. P. bcller: 5 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BTJRKE. 133 Beats st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold.; KROGH MFQ. Co.
ID-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movinc
pictures. BTTLLARD * BRECK. 1J1 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THB'
WALTZ 9 APT?. TW-111 V-»rVe» «?. J3in V~nn.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — 15 or 20 horse-power gasoline-
launch; state price. Address box 1S23. Call.
LADIES* and gents* cast-off clothing bought tb
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
————————— „
A— MONET to loan at rates which peocle can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friend* or you 1*111 Ios»
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 3 and 10. 90S Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates tn probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation htana. chattel
mortKapes and securities. Room 18, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN * OLSEN.
¦ ¦
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d ind 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real ertate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montsromery. r. "L
HIGHLY respectable, private placo to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
¦ est rates. Baldwin Jewelry 8tor«. 846 Market
¦t. ; tel. Main 164*. Branch 19 Third «t.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bid*.. SOI Jone*.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HECTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, i diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easv term*: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market it., room tx.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
I1C0.003 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Eldg. Co.. 222 SaiHom*. rm. 1
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: «*¦*,. undi-
vided Ints.: estates. HARPER.J37 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THS
TOUSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott balldleif.
MONEY to lo«n on furniture by prtvte party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorse*. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dcrser. S. F. Plsrrmnt A^~ 1*3 Phelan Mar.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMENTS.
TIIEiMauvals Music Co*, agents for the cele-
brated Decker & Son pianos, have Just re-
ceived another carload of these beautlfnl In-
struments. The greatest variety in styles of
cases and woods can be seen and persons de-
siring to select one of these most perfect
pianos should call early. Wareroom. 763 Mar-
ket st. ¦. - -¦
WE have In stock a complete assortment of
Smith A Barnes, Baumelster. Wlllard an.t
Arlington pianos for those who desire a good
reliable Instrument, but do not care to par
the- price of a Decker. To all such we gl»«»
the privilege of »xchanglns for a Decker at
any time by paying the difference without
loss. We sell on payments with Irrwr Interest
If It Is desired. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7O
Market st.
AT wholesale until March 1— ino new pianos;
J13S up; greatest offer ever mada In prices
and terms— 13 per month and up.
1 Stetnway tlW
1 Novella - .' «2
1 Hallet-Davls 4*»
1 Heine ~ **>
1 flickering tW
We handle nil makes: agents for some, of,
the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
lstence~Hallet-D»vi!». Behr Bros.. Jewett.
etc.: agents wanted. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st-¦ •.'•¦•'. ¦ ' '. . ' * - , . ' ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
11
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H C Barber. N Y
W D John. Chicago
G Mitchell, Wis
J E Hays & w, N Y
TV Lawrence, Denver
J R Snodall. S C
A D Grant. NY
J B Lankershlm. I A
J H Gay & w, N Y
Miss M Gay, N Y
Mrs E H Blood, Mich
H Kins. Chicago
J A Sanborn. Chicago
W H Ridiford. Chicago
G Ridiford, Chicago
AV \V Welsh, Stockton
C T McGainy, Carters
H Griffith & w, Seattle
R Brown. N Y • . ,
A B Hodges, B C
R H Shlffust & w,
. Salt Lake
H D Gaze. Stanford
J C Raymond. USA
R Jessup, N Y
C Andres, Germany
W A Clark, Mont
J M Dlxon, Mont
G W Patterson, Ohio
W Gammell. Butte
F E Gore, Denver
A M Gore. Denver
Alex Hay, London
A E Hay. London
Mrs W H Voectly, Pa
Miss H Voegtly, Pa
Mrs E S Elsenblss. Pa
J J "Voegtly. Pa
C E Randall & w. Chic
C S Hotchkiss. Concrd
R T McKeever & w,
Mich
Mrs S D Mercer, Nebr
Miss Mercer, Nebr
G W Mercer. Nebr
|G E Thome. N Y
G W Manchester & w,
Omaha
A J Houston, Ohio
W H Loomls &w,Mont
G A Falacens & w.Va
W C Beldenwer, Chlo
C Aldesay, Salt Lake
IE A Baldwin & w. Or
I G Loeb, San Jose
H L Taft, Chica-o
I Miss Taft, Chicago
.A M Beckers, Phila
!A II Bend. Ind
W S Abbott & w. Pa
i Miss L Abbott, Pa
i Miss J Abbott. Pa
Mi?s R Abbott. Pa
W Abbott. Pa
Alma Abbott, Pa
W S Turrler. L Ans
C P Morran & w, Batn
H M .Sanders, Boston
A L Miller, Boston
M P Amos &,w. Can
O ,RommeisB, Chicago
Miss Hammond. Chic
Baron von Rosenberg,
N Y
M Flaherty, USA
H B Aiken. U S A
O P Jenkins, Stanford
C B Tilcott, N Y
Mrs II J Booth. N Y
Kv J Graham, Texas
[J G PvOberta. Madera
IE Saeser & w, Ohio
W H Dana, Alameda
G Lion, San Jose
E P I.ion. San Josg
E W Hale & w, Sacto
H T Ga~e. Sacto
GRAND HOTEL
T R Cook & w, Ohio
T W Buzza. Montana
Mrs W F GasBPtts, Chg
F C Brewer, Tacoma.
J E Gray, Bkrsfleld .
J P Percival. L Ang
Mrs M E Sheldon. -L A
Mrs F H West. Wls
J H Seigel, N Y f
T A Keech, Denver
N Nelson, I>envcr
J Flllios & w. Redding
AH Hart. N Y
Mrs M P Roberts. Cal
N Hurley, Humboldt
Dr J C Zar. Portland
R-M Green, Orovllle
J P Campbell, Kansas
Mrs F W Stroud, Stktn
Miss E Rottenbueh. Cal
N P Robertson, Arcata
H Cook it w. I Alameda
M Kew, S Diego
R Klsk. Boston
W G Blewet, Lo» Ang
W M Moroney. Minn
J C Fullan. Minn
O-I Austin. Rochester
T M Selway, Mont
|H S Smith. Cal ,
|J P Per'clval & w, L A
j\V J Dodce & vr, Cal
|B J Balllett, Ohio
IF Schmidt. Ohio
|W W Whitney. Sacto
}L< Harris, L Angr
IL D Syle, Berkeley
Mrs J A Apsley, Cal
Mrs V W Miller. Cal
(Mrs S do Camp. Cal
'E Carney Jr, S Barbra
JE .1 Roy, S Barbara
IP Kilburn & w, Cal
J L Mathews, Stktoa
F Phillips. Los Alii?
Mrs J J Bran. Cal
W H Atkinson, Napa
j\V Hunter, Napa
A M Allen, Monterey
J T Elliott. Cal
Mrs B G Lobdell. L A
S E Heath. Racine
L C Kobergr, llealdsbg
C Gernett, Cal
F Lyman, Sacto
Mrs R M Clarke. Sacto
Mrs C N Clarke, Cal
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
R Caryhlll. Australia
T. K Hatton. Ind
II S Hosch.-Cal
J G Nelson, ¦ Portland
SMahoney, Oakland
A Call, Chicago
T Kennefick, Mo
S Qulnn, St I>3uls
3 Bnrne, Chicago
C Mason. Portland
O V Warren. Stockton
H Raepille. Denver
A Frank, Milwaukee
J Jeffers, Bodie
J Trey nor, Los An*
C Covert. Modesto
L K Comrton, X Orlns
J McWIUlama. Oakland
C J Powers, NaKhvllle
L de Norhonne, USA
J R Cameron. Carters
J C Thompson, Mass ¦
HONORS SHOWER
UPON OFFICERS
President Nominates Men in
Army and Navj for
Mvanciment.
General Shatter Recommended for
Promotion to a Higher Grade
in the Regular Estab
lishment.
. . ,o
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate:
Army of the United States— To be ma
jor general. Brigadier General William R.
Shafter. U. S. A., retired (major general
United States volunteers).
Cavalry— Lieutenant Colonel Edward M.
Hayes. Fourth, to be colonel; Major
Charles L. Cooper, Fifth, to b« lieutenant
colonel. . *
Medical department— Assistant surgeons
with rank of captain to be surgeons with
rank of major — Charles M. Gandy, Jeffer
son R. Kean, Harry I. Raymond, Francis
J. Ivors, Edward R. Morris. •
Artillery— To be major, Captain El
brldgo R. Hills; first lieutenants to be
captains — George W. Gatchell. Oscar I.
Straub, Henry O. Schumm, Alfred M.
Hunter, John L. Hayden, Peyton C.
March, Eugene T. Wilson, Edmund M.
Blake. John T. Martin. Wilmot E. Ellis,
William L. Kenley. William G. Hann, Sid
ney S. Jordan, "Walter A. Bethel, Morris
K. Barroll, Delamar Skerrett, Edward T.
McGlachlln Jr., Chibald Campbell.
Quartermaster's department— First lieu
tenants to be quartermasters, with ranks
of captains— Joseph T. Crabbs, Eighth
Cavalry, and Louis B. Lawton, Ninth In
fantry.
Subsistence department— First Lieuten
ant A. M. Edwards to bo commissary,
with rank of captain.
_Infar.try— Sergeant William J. Schmidt,
Twelfth Infantry, to be second lieutenant.
Volunteeers— Eleventh Cavalry, First
Lieutenant C. R. Trowbridge to be a cap
tain and Second Lieutenant John Bolt
man to be nrst lieutenant.
Acting assistant surgeons, U. S.' A., to
be assistant surgeons of volunteers, with
rank of captain— James Edmondson. New
lork; Joseph C. Reifsnyder, Pennsylna
nia; Josspn J. Curry, Massachusetts;
James, K. Stockard, North Carolina;
George R. Plummer. Florida; William R,
Van Tuyl, Kansas; Joseph S. Fogg.
Navy— Commander Robert M. Berry to
be captain, Lieutenant Commander Daniel
D. \ . Stuart to be commander, Lieuten
ant William P. Rush to be lieutenant
commander, Lieutenant (junior grade)
\vilfrid V. M. Powelson to be lieutenant.
EEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Illbernla Savings and Loan Society to John
H. and Lotta Bohlig, lot on N line of Post
street, SO W of Buchanan. W 75. N 137:6. E
72:6, S 45, E 2:6, S 92:6; 111,300.
Patrick Holehan to Patrick Donohue. lot on
W line of West Mission street. 135 S of Her
mann, S •iO by W 100; J1000.
Estate of William I. Tustin (by Martha Pal
ton, executrix) to P. T. M. Wate. lot on N lln«
of Twenty-flrst street. 8S»:4 E ot Valencia. E
23:2, N 85, W 22:6. S »i W I Inches. S 63;
$3250.
Estate of Joseph M. Comerford (by Ellaa C.
Herbert, executrix) to C. B. Wilson, lot on W
line of Capp street, SO 3 of Twenty-flf th. S
23 by W 115; also lot on W line of Carp
street, 105 S of Twenty-flf th, S 25 by W 115;
J2C00.
C. B. Wilson to Henry Felee. same (two
pieces); J2S0O.
Elizabeth Bonneman or Borneman (wife of
Henry), Paulina Saylor (wife of Daniel W-.),
Sophia Grar.nls (wife of Frank) and Frederick
Roettffer to Mary Clifford, lot on S line of
Army street, SO E of ganchez, E 26:S by S
114; J20OO.
Georce and, Eva Himmelstross to Christina .
Strobel. lot on W line of Church street. 53 S
of Twenty-nlr.th. S 23 by W SO; $4000.
Progress M. L. Association to Georse and
Anna Walnberc, lot on N line of Elizabeth •
street, 125 W of Douglass, W 25 by N 114; I15W. j
Alexander H. Bally to C. B. Wllwn. lot on N
line of Greenwich street, 4i E of Montgomery,
E 66. N 137:6. W 110, S 68:6, E 44, S 63; $4000.
Philip and Friederilce Wolf to J. S. Morgan
& Sons (corporation), lot on SW line of Second
street. 70 SE of Mission. SE 30 by SW 77:6;
J17.90O.
Flora D. Jones to GuIUaume Cazeres. lot on
XI3 line of Fifth street, 80 NW of Harrison.
NW 40 by NE 80: H0OO.
William and Emma Grutimacher to Delia
Cluness, lot on NW corner of Maripoaa and
Texas streets. W 25 by N 1C0; J10CO.
John Dougherty to Real Estate and Develop
ment Company (a corporation), lot on NE
corner of f^anta Clara and Mississippi streets.
N to patent line, SE to Christy's land, SW to
Santa Clara, W 126: also lot on- NW corner of
Hanta Clara and Mississippi streets, W 23:6,
NE 61. S 57; $1000.
R. T. and Sarah Brodek to L. White de
Wolf, lot en SW corner of T street and Flfr
teenth avenue. W 255. S 464 4-10. E 255 5-10.
N-479 7-10: S20CO.
Estate of William I. Tustin (by Martha Pat
ton (executrix) to P. T. M. Wate. lot oa SW
line of Second avenue. 125 NW of C street. NW
25 by SW 100. block 143, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association: $45.
Builders'* Contracts.
Plerce-Rodolph Storage Co. (owners) with
Adam Beck (contractor) architect Walter J.
Mathews — Excavations, concrete, brick and
granite work for a three-story brick building
on lot on N line of Eddy street, 100 feet E of
Flllmore, E 104 by X 137:6: $13,752.
fame owner with F. P. Fischer, successor to
Straub & Son (contractor), architect same — Car
pentry, exterior and Interior finish, painting,
glazing, tinning, plumbing and hardware for
same; $€S5o. - #
National Ice Co., a corporation (owner) with
J. W. Miller (contractor) architect and en
gineer A. B. Southard. C. E. — Concrete, brick
and iron work for a three-story «nd basement
brick building on pile foundation on lot on
NW corner of Rhode Island and Alameda
streets, N 125 by W 100; $12,950. »
Same owner with Fred Miller (contractor)
architect and engineer same — Carpenter, cast
iron and wrought-tron work, painting, glazing,
plaoterlng and tinning for same on same; S63S5.
SITSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
A~B1G~BARGAIN LIST. "~~ ~~~ ~"~
$475 Ccnover for jjjj
J4M) Standard for 2S5
U0O Ourtaz for
*S2S <?urtiiZ for 553
J3J* Steriir.c for -3;
IS00 Wellington for , .".! 215
Pchledrr.ayer. HO; We&lejr & Co.. $175; Sher-
wnod i Sons. IIQ,; .Gabler. JIW; Hair.es Brcs .
«4G; Hailett & I>avi«. tlZZ; Ohickerinjc square.
«75. Foii-.e are new. some second-hand, all in
ihe _;«-ft conJition. fclafy payments or for
Cftih. IJEN.T. CURTAZ &. EOX. 16 O'Farrell
et.. Chickenng scency. A i i0 lhe » Apo llo."
pelf-jilayer. latest irtd best.
ANY rx-rson having use for a piano 'can be ae-
coir.modattd et Sherman. Clay £: Co.'s with
easte*; jayments. lowest prices and most re-
liable raakoiB to cjiaove from. Each the best
of their trade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchance medium and low
rrsced pianos for a. new Stelnway any tlm«
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights eold for 16 cash and
J6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. {4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny «nd Sutter ets.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth «t.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largM* house
west of Chicago Ss KO1ILER _ CHASE'S, 2«,
£? end 30 O'Farrell ft.: pianos, organs and
ell other musical instruments of all grades
¦ and prices; terms eary; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy _•
customer.
A BONA-FIDE clearsir-s out removal fale of
*econd-hand piano* at low suction prices, $20
up (this wetk or.Iy). WILSON'S Storage 1710
Market Bt.
WHY (*cond-h»n4 rlano? $150 will buy new
one. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
"WANTED— Five roo<l square plane* for coua-
try gchncHi. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Poat gt.
TA.P.TY going East must sacrifice fine standard
«rtak» uf-rieht piaco. Si* Golden Gate ave.
JIIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman Con-
rver and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. S14 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be boM; nice upright siano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister Ft., next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAVZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byrcn
ilaury. Gabler and Speilman Pianos. 308 Post.
ON eale— Stelnway upright. $200. 217 Geary Bt..
rocm 36.
SPECIAL BALE— Immense reductions: see. ouf
leader, only tlSO. BRUEKK, 80S Poet st.
AT KEETT_S, SS3 Market «.. 4 elegant Up-
rightg at your own price. Ehonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new rlanos tt per
__2________________________
EfPERIOR violins, either*, old and new. hT
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
A FINE et&nd for coffee and lunch house; very
'vntrallv located: near new City Hall. Apply
GEORGE VT. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City
Hall square.
CORNER rtore — West corner Fourth and Perry
ft6. : occupied as grocery and bar for past SO
year*; rent tX: water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
6UTTER. * 26— Offices of late Dr. Beverly Col*:
furnished Fultable fcr two phyelclar.s.
CHEAP. Ucfet offices. Emma Spreckels bulld-
iir. S?7 Market *t.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OH, LAyPS FOR SALE. ~
KERN River; proven territory: Una cf R. R.
NotcTfn. Curmfn & Pomes, r. 1G4. Chrontcl*.
PAIXTERS ASD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, wtndow shade*; rooms papered. }3
us. Jerpen * Bath. 30S P'.xth: open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JERO5IE FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post: tef. Black Kl.
PATENTS A-ND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GPO P. CAMPBELL. Lsxryer. Ex_nlner blr
PERSONALS.
A P.ESrECTARLE seritlemaa wishes to meet
rrEpectab'e lady; object, marriage. 'Box 1&42,
C«.il office.
"YOUNG man with business In country wishes
the acquaintance of young lady; object mat-
rirr.ony. Box IMS. Call office.
WOMAN with a goo-i knowledge of rnassajre
and alcohol treatment would like to aMiet in
baths. Box 1S36. Call office.
PAG carpets wove to order and for sale; lisa
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; desJer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Fttth,Oak_nd.
M— BQtJ__UDE costumes, play books, wigs;
f conatrr or_rm. QO_DST_t» & CO.. 733 Mkt.
C>OD home open for healthy boy or girt baby.
Mrs. Dr. Punk*. 1416 Eighth St.. Alarfleda.
PRIVATE Aetoetfv* work: reasonable rates; 10
years' «>xp»Tience. J. B. RAY, Zot Jessie ft.
A— $1 „ DEUBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINK suite. IV.-; dress pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOUS. 437 Montgomery ft.
EUS CTBXC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
C5c to $1 Zb per night; tl 60 to 16 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1J12 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
FPECIAL eaJe, tl port and sherry. Oc Mon-
crch Wine Agency, 1515 Market; send postal.
EPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestir" office. Ififl Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MACHLNE turning, metal Fpinninr. brass fin-
ishing & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molen destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1118 Sutter »t.
DR. LAMOTTES French Ccrn Paint, the best
corn cur*; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to it« natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
A WKJCK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
•j* pac^f. {n wrapr-er. for mailing. Jl per yet...
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
X>R. C C. O'DONNELL^oSsce and residence,
1C31H Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all difieaeo* cf the human body: se«
teMirnonial* «t offir». 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
y.LL Genuine Bargains !n this List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. -€67 Market st.
$2100— 4 email flats; all rented for 130; »* cash
S2ZZ0— Two eplendid fiats; rented $23; near 6th*
J27C0— Two ewell Mission flats: 5 rooms each
end eta"b>: rents J30; mortgag« J2300.
$3500 — Three nice flats; ail rented: near Nine-
teenth and Miss-ion sts.; pays 10 per cent,
J40OO— Corner Sacramento, east of Jones; rents
$40.
frSC5— Comer: <0xSO feet, with good 10-room
fcouse; Hyde et.
$7750— Splendid Investment; near Van Ness
ave.; rents fSt
. %'sJQO— Business property; Ninth «t., near
Mission: rents J45-
flLOOO — Store and two strictly modern flats
e>f 7 a-nd 9 rooms; north of Market st.
tl2.0CK>— Leavenworth et.; rent* J105; lot £5-
Xoot front.
t!4.«00— Three elegant fiats; rented tor 9140;
«w*ll locality.
ti-f.«0O — Eutter «t. ; eracd corner; E7:« feet
Jrcr.t; rents S_S.
~S,nC0»-Mission-st. comer; 170x150 feet; actu-
ally worth $.'£.000; must rell at once.
$40.000— Corner; Gclden Gate ave.; _7:6xl37:«
*e»t : rr.ts JI40l
ftt.OOO — Grand corner; 60- foot front; few
X locks of Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75.000— Grend comer; C3-foot front; within
block of Tlvoll; old improvements; rent ftOO.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Choicest and cheapest lots la thJs city.
We can positively cult you.
. JT5. tlOO. $200 and ttOv>-near Mlislon-st. elec*
trie car or grand oceai boulevard; „ monthly.
JSOO to $900— Choicest graded Sunset. Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond lota; J10
monthly.
$7;0, $lf<00, I1S00 to $250O-Cplendld cottages,
s;oo<3 locations near cars; all bargains. Must
be acid. Installments s_ne as rent.
Branch offlce Ninth ave., rear H et.. Sunset.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
A DARGAIN— Seven flat» near City Hall and
O. a. ave., in eplendid condition: always
rented; Income $1500 a year; pays 6 per cent
over all expenses. W. O. GRIFFITH, rooms
211-13, Examiner building.
CHEAPEST lots In the Western Addition;
nouthwwt cor. Pine and Lyon sts. ; 7 lots 25
xlOO »nd __T:€; J1230 to *1SOO. McGLYNN &
MEXTON. room 22, Chronicle building.
tlTOO — A FNAP; cotttee of 4 rooms and bath;
str^t accepted; ftone aidewaJk; lot 25x&9.
PATTERSON* _ CO.. 11 City Hall gquare.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park, then
c_l ca W. J. GUNN. C39 California at.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd Cn{ urn.
STEVElttsolJr'itM^^^
for rent cheap to working woman.
MARKET. 1053. bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
furnished rooms; gents preferred; transient.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished front room: riin-
nlng water; gas; quiet house: reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1023— Sunny room; private; gas;"
grate.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Bt.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished ' rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to U £0; week, »2 to
JS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, ?19-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, :5c to $1; week, tl 25 to |4; open night.
SHERMAN Apertment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTTER, 309-Large front -furnished room, $3.
BUTTER. 309-One email furnished room, |1 25
per weok.
SUTTER. 320H— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $8; suites, »2 to »25 mo.
A HHANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve and tightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board: cuisine unex-
celled. 1103V4 Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
land. top floor. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
GERMAN family would like to fret two gentle-
men for room and board. 1129 Howard at.
ROOMS with' board, bath. gas. "$18. $20: private
family: gentlemen only. 110H McAllister St.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.
ROOMS WANTED.
¦V\*ANTED— Two or three housekeeping room9
In Alameda. Address box 50, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes furnished room, centrally
located. Box 1S54, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
1 BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel.-EESO.
5EWIXG MACHINES AND SCTrLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
! teed - Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission. nr.lSth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 112V 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needle* and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN V.'EST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
«ion St.; tel. Mint 1S2L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. :
tel. Main 1S40; chipping at cut rates.
TRUSSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge. D03 Kearny.
TVPEWBITERS A\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN Trpl£wmTER3^W§
»ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
• poration. upon its application for a'Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,297, Department
] 10. Notice is hereby given that Honolulu
Sugar Company, a corporation organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws. of
the State of California, and having Its office
and place of business In the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, has
filed Its application, duly verified and signed
by a majority of its board of directors, ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, praying for a Judgment of dissolu-
tion of said corporation; and that Monday,
March 25,- 1901. at 10 o'clock a. 1 m., at the
courtroom of said oourt. Department No. 10,
in the City Hall of the city and county of
San Francisco, have been appointed as
the day, time and place for the hearing of
said application. In witness whereof I have
hereunto eet my hand and affixed the official
seal of said Superior Court, this 20th day of
February. 1901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed February 20. 1901. WM. A.
• DEANE. Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies— Office of
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
February 9. 1901. — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
6ubsl8tence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be saen at this
Office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Thursday. February 21, 1SC1. and epened
Immediately thereafter in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and blank form of proposal will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to W. II. BALDWIN, Major and C. S.,
U. E. Army Purchasing Commissary.
MAEBIAGE L1C_N£_S.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Thomas S. Mulvey, 29, city, and Helena Lit-
tle, 26, city.
Leon Cohn. 27. 729 O'Farrell street, and Elsie
Baum. 22. 1304 Ellis street.
Jotham S. Marston, 2S. city, and Helena L.
Mills, 2S, city.
Elvezio Yolo. 23. Duttons Landing, and An-
dreina Gagg?tta, 21. Duttons Landing.
Henry D. Harnlsh. 27, 189 South Park, and
Armandine L. Lambert, 23," »33 Vallejo street
Harry A. Siewert. 46. 963 Mission street, and
Dora Belllsle, 41, 969 Mission street.
Aleyne A. Flshor, 34, Washington, D C
and Ida O. Somers, 30. city.
Plftro Plnza, 25, South San Francisco, nnd
Rosa RoBBlbcrtolli, 22, 514 Green street.
Max H. Hermann, 46, 2910 Larklrt street, and
Marguerite B. Moeller. 34, 430 Jersey street.
J. Phil Percival, 85. Los Angeles, and Minnie
E. Sheldon, 33, Los Angeles.
James M. Hale, 27, city, and Nellie „.. Bwan-
son, 27, city.
Jacob H. Colledge, 41. Gait. Cal., and Amelia
C. Moore. 29. Emmett, Cal.
William Krese. 23, 219 Duncan street, and
Madah A. Aenden, 22, Connecticut street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
William S. Jackson. 29. Oakland, and Ada
A. Wallace. 23. Oakland. ..
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — JEATHS.
Birth, marriage and * death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name, and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BORN-.
CASEY— In this city, February 18, 1901, to the
wife of N. S. Casey, a son.
DOVE— In this city, February 17, 1901. to the
wife* of Spencer Dove, a son.
JACOBSEN— In Bethany. San Joaquln County
Cal., February 15, 1901, to . the wife of J.
Jacobsen • (formerly Clara M. Proksch), a
dauchter.
VELLER— In this city, February 1ft, 1901, to
the wife of G. F. Veller (nee McTcrnan), a
son. -
_______
. Adams. James Jacobs, Jacob
Allen. Nicholas J. Laver. Elizabeth .
Andrews, Capt. J. M. MaGruder, Chas. J
Ah Sam . McCloskey, Thos. J.
Bemls, Addle McNevln. Catherine
Blow, Robert Marx. Edword V.
Cederberg, Arthur Metcalf, Sarah A.
Clark. James O'Brien. Catherine
Clark. Treat P. O'Brien. Thomas M,
Clevenger, Emma G. Olsen, Louisa
Cox, John A. Osburn, William
Darling, Rachel Riley, Mary
Dill. Minnie M. Rutherford. John Q.
Ford, Mrs. Ann Scherrer, Caroline
George, Stanly Slattery, Cornfllus
Gingg, Johanna Smith. John I.
Hennessy, Chas. P. Smith, John V.
Hofmann, Richard Stewart. William H.
Holldorf. Henry B. Sylva. Ida G. '
Howell, Catherine Talt. Emilia A. do '
ADAMS— In this city. February 19, 1901, James
husband of Mrs. M. J. Adams of 30 Wash-
. ington avenue, near Ninth street. lata of the
firm of Adams & Butler, a native -of Lon-
donderry, Ireland, aged 79 years 6 months
and 7 daye. . t
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, B2-56 Mint ave-
nue. Interment Masonic Cemetery. ¦. .
ALLEN— In this city, February 18, 1901, Nicho-
las J., dearly beloved son of John and Kath-
erine Allen, and loving brother. of Annie. E.
Allen. Mrs. S. D. Hounsell. Mrs. T. M. Ham
• and the late Rev. J. W. Allen, a native of
San Francisco.- ¦• ¦ ¦
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ this day
(Thursday), ' at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1319V4 Broadway, thence to Bt.
Brlgid's Church, where a solemn requiem
high- mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. - *
ANDREWS— In . this city, February 19, 1901)
Captain J. Montford, beloved husband of Isa-
bella Andrews, and son of Goorge and Ellza-
,¦ both Andrews, a native of West Virginia,
asrr! 3t years- II months and 1 day.: •
ICT Funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock at his late resi-
dence, 1611 Waller street. Interment private
at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
AH SAM— In the " City and County Hospital.
February 20, 1901, Ah Sam, a native of China,
aired . 34 years.
BEMIS— In this city. February 19, 1901, Addle,
beloved wife of H. E. Bemls. a native of
California, aged 28 years 3 months and 7
. days.
BLOW— In Oakland, February 19, 1901, Robert
Blow, brother of A. W. and Sarah M. Blow,
a native of New York, aged 53 years 4
months nnd IB days.
CEDERBERG— In this city, February 20. 1901.
Artnur, bciuved son oi Augunt mid tirama.
Coderbergr, ¦ and brother of Rudolph, Lillle
and Lawrence Cederbers, a native of San
Frfincisco, aged 6 years 2 months and 2G
days. x
CLARK— In the City ! and County Hospital,
February 20, 1901, James Clark, a native of
Wisconsin, aged 35 year*. . -'¦ >
CLARK— In this city, February 20, 1901, Treat
Perry Clark, a native of Connecticut, ageu
77 years B months and 21 days. ¦. ¦
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CLEVENGER— In this city, February 20, 1901.
Emma Gertrude, beloved wife of J. D. Clev-
enger, a native of California, aged 40 years
. 8 months and 17 days. . •- ¦. .
COX— In this city, February 19. 1901. John A.
Cox. beloved brother of Kathryn Cox, a na-
tive of Sligo, Ireland, aged 18 years 8 months
¦ and 17 days. ¦ • . . ¦ .'
tC7Interment prix-ate. • Positively no flow-'
ers.
DARLING— In this city, February 20, 1901,
Rachel, wife of A. F. Darling, and mother of
Abraham, Henry and Charles C. Morris, Mrs,
Frank Sperling and Mrs. Blanche F. Light-
body, a native of Manchester, England, aged
71 years 1 month and 20 days, (cjanta Cruz
County papers please copy.)
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. ,;V,
DILL— In Frultvale, February 19. 1901, ! Min-
nie M., beloved mother of Ethel D411. a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 43 years.
FORD— In this city, February IS, 1901, Mrs.
Ann Ford, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years
and 1 month.
[CTThe funeral will tak« place this day
(Thursday), nt 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Peter's
Church for services. Interment private in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GEORGE— In New Whatcom, Wash., "Staniy
Georee, beloved son of R. H.' and Agnes
George, a native of San Francisco, aged* 12
years.
OINGG— In this city, February 17, 1901, at the
residence of her brother, William Gerken. 11
Adalr street, Johanna, dearly beloved wife of
Jacob Glngg, mother ot George, Herrman.
Anita and the late Jacob Glngg, daughter of
Mrs. Meta Oerken, and sister of Mrs. F,
Hanscn and Hen-man and William Gerken.
a native of Elmshorn. Holsteln. Germany,
aged 46 years 10 months and 7 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
OBvet* Cemetery.
HENNESSY-In this city. February 19. 1901.
Charles P.,. beloved husband of Aggie Hen-
nessy, father of Charles Hennessy, dearly
beloved son of Patrick and Julia HennesBy,
and brother of J. W., Nellie M., T. J.. N. J.
and Anhie Hennessy. a native of Wakcfleld.
Mats., aged 24 years. (Boston and Wake-
Held papers pleasa copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1533A Dolores street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing; at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Court Independ-
ence No. 104. F. of A.: You are hereby re-
quested to be present at the funeral of our
late brother. Charles Hennessy, from his. late
residence, at above time and place. Fines
for non-attendance will be strictly enforced.
ALFRED FUHRMAN. C. R.
W. J. REID. R. C.
HOFMANN— In Berkeley. February IS, 1901,
Richard Henry, beloved husband of Annie I.
Hofmnnn, and father of Harry L., Thomas
G., Evelyn B., John R., Ethel H. and Irwlr.
C. Hofmann. a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aged 49 years 2. months and 2 days. (Phila-
delphia and New York papers please copy.)
inyFuneral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 2147 Addlson street. Berkeley, thence
to the First Congregational Church, San
Francisco, where services will be held at 12
o'clock. Friends are Invited to attend.
"HOLLDORF— In this city, February 20. 1901,
Henry. B., beloved son of F. and the lat<?
S. Holldorf, and brother of Mrs. F. Rulfs
and Anna Holldorf of San Francisco and
Helnrich, GeBlne, Hermann, Catharine and
Frlcdrleh Holldorf of Germany, a native ot
Oldenburg, Germany, aged 36 years $ months
and 4 days. • ¦
HOWELL— In Mtlt Valley. February 20, 1901.
Catherine, beloved wife of H. W. Howell, a
. native of Scotland, aged 64 years.
JACOBS— In this city. February 19, 1801.
Jacob, beloved husband of Rosalie Jacobs,
father of Gustav. Albert, Alexander, Louis
'and Leopold Jacobs, Mrs. A. Levy, Mrs. M.
Newman, Mrs. L. Levy and Phoebe Jacobs,
and brother of M. Jacobs, Mrs. L. Cohn and
Mrs. _ Rlgle of Salt Lake City, a native of
Germany, aged 6S years and 7 months.
E_" Friends, are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 1503
-Folnom Etreet. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
OFFICERS and members of the Congregation
Shetith Israel are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late member. Jacob Jacobs, from
150S FolHom street, this day (Thursday), at
10 o'clock. CHARLES HARRIS. Vice Pres.
ALEX. L. BADT, Secretary.
LAVER— In Alameda, February 18. 1901, Eliza-
beth Laver, widow of the late Augustus
I,nver. and mother of Frank G. and Charles
J. Laver, a native of England, aged 65 years
8 months and 7 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ' High street, between . Central and
Brlggs avenues. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
MaGRL'DER— In this city, February 1J, 1901.
Charles J. MaGruder, beloved husband of the
-lat« Belle MaGruder. and father of Charles
H., Arthur M., Mary V., Elizabeth and
Thomas MaGruder, a native of Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 51 years 4 months and 4 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaints nc*>s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCLOSKEY— In this city. February IS. 1901,
a Thomas J. McCloskey. beloved son of Cather-
ine Ford and the late John McCloskey, step-
con Of Thomas Ford, brother of Delta, Mary.
Pat. John and Ellen McCloskey and James
and Honour Ford, and nephew of Pat Mc-
Clcskey, a native of County Longford, . Ire-
"fCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2S7 Thirteenth street, thence to
St. Charles Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a requiem high mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McNEVIN— In this city. February 20. 3801.
Catherine McNcvin. a native of Ireland, aged
- 85 years and 8 days.
(t^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to the Dominican Church. Bush and
Steiner streets, where a requiem hl«rh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARX— In Alameda, February 20. 1901, Ed-
ward V., beloved husband of Mary Louisa
Marx, ' a native of San Lorenzo, aged 35
years and 13 days.
METCALF— In this city, February 19, 1901,
Sarah Amelia, beloved wife of Chesley L.
Metcalf. and mother of Fred L. Davis and
Mrs. Nettle J. Gibson, a native ot Maine, aged
62 vears 11 months and 10 days.
: CTFuneral services will be htld this day
(Thursday), at 2. o'clock, at her late resi-
dence 2645 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate I O. O. F. Cemetery. ;
OFFICERS «nd members of Seven Pines Circle
No. 3, Ladles of the O. A. R.. are requested
to attend the funeral of our late sister, Sarah
A. Metcalf. this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from SC45 Sacramento street. By order of '
¦ ..¦AnrtTE POWIS. President.
LAURA I. OBLINGER. Secretary.
O'BRIEN-In this city, February 19. 1901. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Robert O'Brien, aunt
of- Mrs. P. J. Kelly, and jrrandaunt of May
Hastings and Mary G. Kelly, £ native of
County Dublin, Ireland, aged S3 years ant!
10 months. : .
C?"Frtends are resnectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thtlrsday), at
,~ HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
' (Successor to Flannatjan & Gallagher.)
- DANIEL P.'DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
SO Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
. "•'Telephone South 80. ; . -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, |
17 and 29 Fifth ' st. . TeL South 167. I
ITJNERAL DIKECT0K3 AN0 EMBALKGSi. I
Finest ¦ Equipment at Moderate Rates. |
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
- SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.'
The charge for cremation . to ' church members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families i«
$30. '.All others *35.\ Expensive coffin* and or
rmments are seldom used. A niche In the Co-
lumbarlan is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and its care and stone work. Send for
circular. ¦ ".".•*¦-,-•-_., .-,
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
REAL ESTATE CITY" FOIl SALE.
TEHAMA *t..^j£irThiraT"loT^
roomB; rents for $30; price $3000. DONNEL-
LY CO.. 632. Market tt.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California.
HEAL 12STATE — COUXTUY— -For Sale
A ""PICK-UP" — Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; Just think of It. only ?80
per acre for 100 acres adjolnlns city limits;
now in big demand and easily salable in
email tracts at (200 and over per acre; or—
as it 1* first-claps, highly cultivated, level
loam, all in crop — It's making of very cheap,
profitable and lovely home ranch; take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make 119,000 by
purchasing this; rasy terms if desired.
Uempmber. I am accurately acquainted
with mor«> country property for Sale and ex-
change than all othe r agents in S. F. : 30O0
ranches on my list: ctate what's wanted and
pet reliable descriptions of bargains.
X. P. BICKEIa^, the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
AJC unprecedented sacrifice: 7j-room brick hotel
and furniture: doing immense flrst-cla»R ($2
a day) bueine*?; cost and worth $50,000; of-
fered for $lfi,500; lias rented for J400; now
run by owner.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
FARM fpr sale at public auction March 2. 1801 —
Half mile Scnoma: 37 acre* In orchard and
vineyard; furnished house 11 rooms, 2-story;
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implement*; eale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market; rms. 1 & 2; sells and
exchanges city and country realty; printed
' lists; Sonoma. Santa Clara and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
frpo eooy of Rwwina Co. ™al «»!«t)«t«» bn.reain».
MILL VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
CHOICE Improved and unimproved residence
property for Fale; furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. S. K. ROBERTS, Real
Estate and Insurance.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE:.
WE have the largest Iiet of improved and un-
improved olty and farm property located in
all parts of United States to exchange. Call
and see us. HERBERT & CO.. room 71fl Em-
ma ppreckels building. 927 Market Bt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE,
~~~~~ ALAMEDA BARGAINS. " """* ""
JSOO— Lot 63x145, with cottage 4 rooms.
516X>— Lot 33:4x125 on Central ave.; 5 rooms
and bath; J2vO cash, |15 per month; good house,
and a bargain.
$20fO— Lot 83:4x150; modern cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; tunny side; near Elation and school;
j;so cash and J20 j>«t month.
J2S5T— Lot 33:4x140; fine, new, up-to-date, 6-
room, 2-story house, on $250 cash, balance easy
payments.
J3000 — Lot 40x150; handsome new cottage of 8
rooms and plastered basement; finest location;
near station and electric cars; easy installm'ts.
$3000— Lot 3oxll6: fine 2-6tory house; S rooms,
hi^h basement; all street work done; 9100 cash,
balance $30 per month.
J3500— Lot 40x140: fine new 1H-Btory house of 8
rooms and plastered basement; finest location;
near station and electric cars; easy installm'ts.
$3755— Great snap; to close an estate; corner
lot B0xl45, with 6-room cottage, windmill and
tank; flowers, fruits, hothouses, etc.; finest
avenue and neighborhood: near station.
$4000 — Elegant corner property, same as new;
must be sold on account of departure; first-
class in every respect.
54000— Lot 40x160; beautiful 8-room. 2-story
house; billiard-room, and everything up-to-
date; fino neighborhood; near station and
school; only $100 down and $30 per month.
$7505— Lot 103x150; fine 2-story house, large
barn, chicken and pigeon house, handsome
latrr.s, flowers, fruit trees; everything to make
a home pleasant; $2000 cash, balance on mort-
gage; great bargain.
"VYe have a large assortment of fine proper-
ties. Bank and foreclosed properties for homes
or investments. Houses to let in all parts of
Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
14_ Park street, Alameda, Cal.
VERT special bargains ; foreclosure properties;
genuine snaps; enough paid, as I do not be-
lieve in extended ads. J. A. REMMEL. Bay
Station. Alameda.
BEAUTIFCL modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot EOx
1J0; choice location; stable, etc.: a sacrifice;
easy terms. A. G. BURNS, 1501 Park St..
Alamt-da.
d_KK_L_1 AliV _K1 lo_M_J\ 1 o
DEKKKLEV HEAL ESTATE.
FOR bargains In Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty eee R. J. MONTGOMERY, room X fourth
floor. Mills building, San Francisco, or 467
Ninth St.. Oakland. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL,—.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAXD .KBAL ESTATE.
$ro CA6H, $7 monthly; 4-room cottage; good
well of water, small barn, chicken ehed and
run; 3 fine lots, TSxlOC; picket fenced; excel-
lent soil: charming view; best climate; near
two electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and
model schoolhouse; way from cold winds
and fog; 90 families have located here within
3 years; price, all tjld, $SJO. Call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh at., Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland, carriage free, H. Z. JONES,
cwntr.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSE KEEPING.
GROVE. 104— Sunny front room with kitchen;
newly furnished; oth<;r rooms.
HAIGHT. 222— For couple, 2 nicely appointed
housekeeping rooms; gas range; telephone;
reference.
HOWARD. 7«i4— Nicely furnished bay-window
euite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
JACKSON, S!0. near Mason — Furnished sunny,
front, large housekpg rooms. JS; single. $4.
LARKIN. 804— Large sur.ny iront furnished,
$10; small b&ck housekeeping- room, $5.
LARKIN. SIS 1 * — Sunny front alcove rooms, light
housekeeping; gas stove, bath, phone; private.
LIBERTY. 129. near Valencia— Five or six
large, handsomely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas ptove, piano, phone;
quiet, pleasant surroundings; convenient to
cars: very desirable.
_IXN*A, 670, near Seventh— 2 nice sunny con-
necting rooms for housekeeping. ;
MISSION. 945— Front room, with grate and
kitchen.
MISSION, 1729H. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath laundry; $S.
OAK, 119— Two sunny front rooms, furnished
for heavy housekeeping, $11
OCTAVIA, 1408, corner of Geary— Sunny bay-
window; mantel; also housekeeping rooms
complete.
SECOND, 212— Well furnished for housekeep-
lng; quiet, neat, clean and respectable; rea-
sonable. •
EIXTH. 136— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
THIRTEENTH, 320, near Valenda-2 sunny
furnished housekeeping- rooms; water and
stove; separate entrance.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established at 1996
Valencia st. .
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. nnil Viifnrn.
ARGYLE. The, McAllister bC. corner Larkin—
Just opened; everything new and modern;
two and four room suites, with or without
baths; all outside, eunny rooms; inspection
Is now invited day cr evening; references.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms t3c
to Jt per night; $1 25 to $r. per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant a\-e.-Best dollar
a day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; first-class meals 25c: free coach.
BURNETT,' 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. I
BUSH. £20 (Tha Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated; all conven. Mrs. IC.M. Ramsey, prop.
ELLIS, 424— Large newly furnished sunny
room, t!2; also others, $8.
FOURTH, 149— Newly furnished sunny rooms
from ?5 up to (12 per month.
FULTON, UK— Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
GEARY", 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rros; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1206— Sunny furnished
parlor en lie; board optional; also single
rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingie; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, CS&-A nice 6lngle sunny front
room to let chean.
JONES. 511 — Newly furnished' rooms for gents
only. •; ¦¦-"•;, ¦«
9:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 1503
Franklin street, thence to St. Mary"» Cathe-
dral, where a requiem - high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mecine at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 19, 1901.
Thomas M., beloved husband of Amelia C.
O'Brien, father of Thomas P. S. OBrlen,
ton of Thomas W. and Martraret O'Brien,
brother of William F-, I., Agnes
E., Amelia C. Nora G., George C, Sylves-
ter and Orace E.' O'Brien, and nephew of
Patrick, John and Michael Crotty, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 5 months
and 15 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1784 Ellis street, thence
to St. Dominic's Church, whore a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OLSEN— In thla city, February 20, 1D01, Louisa,
beloved wife of Christian Olsen, and mother
of Mrs. Mary Sater and Olea. Frank and
David Gulllksen, a native of Drammen, Nor-
way, aged 42 years 4 months and 26 days.
ICJ^Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 270 Shipley street, near Sixth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OSBURN— In this city, February 20. 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Osburn, and
father of Fred W., Arthur W. and Frank A.
Osburn, a native of Rochester, N. Y.. aged
71. years and 7 days.
RILEY— In this city, February 20. 1901, Mary,
¦wife of the late James Riley, beloved mother
of Michael J., John M. and Mary E. Riley,
and sister of Mrs. Thomas Shewbridge and
Hannah and Ann Donnelly, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, neciliJ years.
ICTNottee of funeral hereafter.
RUTHERFORD— In Oakland. February 18. 1901.
at S66 Milton street, John O.. husband of
Sarah Rutherford, . father of Alice and Sallle
Rutherford, and son of Janet and the late
Joseph Rutherford, a native of New York,
aged S3 years and S months. A member of
Pacific Lodge No. 7, A. O. U. W., and Court
United States of America No. 33. of the Order
Of Foresters, and foreman of No. 5 Engine
Company of the Oakland Fire Department.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his lats
. home, $66 Milton street. Services at St.
Francis de Sales Church at 3 o'clock. Inter-
ment St.* Mary's Cemetery.
SCHERRER— In this city. February 19. 1901.
Caroline, beloved wife of Gustav Scherrer,
and mother of Willie Scherrer, Mrs. Dan
Hurley and Gustav and George Belsel, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 1% years 8 months and
20 days. (Omaha. Nebr., papers please copy.)
(T^Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence, 255 Mississippi street,
between Eighteenth and Mariposa. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SLATTERY— In this city, February 20. 1901.
Cornelius P.. beloved husband of Maria L.
Slattery, father of Agnes G., Ronald and
Lloyd Slattery, beloved son of - Mrs. M. J.
Slatterj't and brother .of Joseph, Kate and
Annie Slattery, a native of New York City,
ag-ed 42 years 6 months and 8 daj'B.
SMITH— In this city. February 19. 1901, John
I. Smith, a native of New Orleans, aged 60
years.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 19, 1901, John V. Smith, a native of
New Jersey, aged 43 years.
STEWART— In Oakland, February 20, 1901,
William Henry, beloved husband of Emily
Jane Stewart, and father of Mrs. . Cordelia
Day and Mrs. Georgina Mendenhall. a na-
tive of Baltimore, aged 66 years.
SYLVA— In this city. February 19. 1901. Iaa
G., beloved wife of Joseph T. Sylva, mother
of Lawrence and Alien Sylra, daughter of
Mcta nnd the lete Fred- Fagerberg, and sis-
ter of Mrs. L. D. Sloss, F. W. Fagerberic and
M. H. Wllkens. a native of California, aged SO
years 2 months and 16 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 228 Fulton street, between Van
Necs avenue and FrrBklln streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TAIT— At 3:30 p. m.. Emilia Andrade de Tait.
beloved wife of Dr. Dudley Tait. and daugh-
ter of Gulllermo Andrade. a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 10C4 Post street, and from Cathe-
dral, on Van Ness avenue, at 9 o'clock. In-
ternment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
IGNATIAN Council No. 33. Y. M. I.-The an-
nual requiem mass for the repose of the souls
of our departed brothers of the Young Men's
Inutitute will be celebrated on Friday morn-
L ng : 2:d lnst -« at St - Dominic's Church.
Stclner and Bush streets, commencing at 10
. o clock. Relatives and friends of deceased
members are most respectfully Invited to at-
tend. Sermon by Re%\ James R. Newell
r- P r t.t~. J< K ' COSGRAVE. President.
C. L. EBXER. Secretary.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. y'j/
Santa Fe
rp • '
l rains— Da»iy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv..P«n Kran 7:10 a 9:00 aW 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:4$ a 11:03 p 7:25 n
. " Merced .. 11:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ..
" Fresno .. S:Wp 2:35 p 3:05 a ......"
" Hanford 4:J2 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ....
" Vlnalla .'. 4:10 p 4:10 p *mj a . I
"TUlare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p S:OS a ....'"'
*" BkBfleld . e:50p B:20 p 7:30 a .:.., •
" Kan. City .;:..... 2:41a 7:30a "
. '." Chicago . 2:15 p 9:00 p '.
a for mornln*. p for af.tf>rnocn.
9:00 a. m. train !b the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnln*
Car« throueh to ChlcaRo. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
llrst class passengers. No second clan
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding: train arrives at 5:33 p.m. dally
' 4:10 p. m. is Btockton . Local. Correspond-
inff train larrivM at 11:05 a. m. dally.
. -8:00 o. m. is the Overland Exnr^ss. -"wl»h
through Palac* and Tourist Sleepers ari-J
free Reclining Chair Car. nlso Palace
¦ Bleeper. which. cuts out at < Fresno. Cor- •
responding train arrives at n:E5 p. m. daily
7:20 «. m. Is . Bakersfleld Lornl. stopping
at oil points in Ban Joaquin Valley. Cnr-
¦; rexpondlnK train arrives at SM0 a. m. rially
¦ Office* — 641- Markets street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oak--'
lxnrt. ¦ • ' . • ' - ¦¦• ¦ - ,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CHICAGO I
In LESS */"">
THREE DAYS
San Francisco , At JO A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
£r North-lVestern Line
T~\OUBLE Draving-T^oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, and Library
**-^ Cars, xtith barb/r. Dining Cars— \
meals a'li carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personalty Conducted Ex-
cursiens tverr 'x;tk from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. Tin b:st of writhing.
K. ft. RITCHIE
617 Market St. General Agent Pacific Cbalt
rjlaeeJtftel SAX MtAXCISCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30. l?flO.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
. AND BAN RAFAEL. I
WEEK DaYS-6:55. '9:15, 11:00 a. m., 'UK, \
3:15, 4:CO,.5:15, '6:13, 8:40 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafa.»l on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, "10:00. "11:30 a. m., "lrio. ;
3-15. *4:45, 6:30, 9:C0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
¦ WEEK 'DAYS— 5:20.- *6:3(T, 7:45. 8:30 a, m.
•12:30. 1:O. -*3:3O, 4:39. 5:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:t5 and 10:20 p. m.
Si;NDAYS-6:20. »8:C0. »10:00. '11:45 a. ra
•1.40. »2:15. 4:43, *6:3O p. m. '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FRANCISCO'
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 8:43. 7 :S5, 9:30 a. in
12:35, 2:10, 3:30, 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
ond Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:Co, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15 J-ao
5;0C, 6:45 p. m. ¦
THROUGH TRAIX3.
G:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and wav
stations. .
.1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.* , ,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
Btatlons. r
rnrinnrrirffTrffTnruTrjnnrff^
THE LUXURY !¦
LIVING I
JO O
\% IS ACCENTUATED IP I
£ YOU TRAVEL EAST ON °
S THE NEW SANTA FE 3
£ TRAIN. . . IT GOES TO 3
|o CHICAGO IN 3 DAYS H
£ ; V. . . . IT FURNISHES §
g PRINCELY LIVING AND £
|» IT IS CALLED THE ... «
1° "*
CALIFORNIA \
LIMITED !
CjLJ_U*J_L2.£ P-ftJQ_o_Q_q P P. 0 .P_Q_PJLQ,fr-g-3
••UTMr.Rjr PAVirio compait.
(rAcino sthtbm.)
TiM_i !••»• NMrf Mr* an* to nrrlv* at
man ritAM«:iM«'o.
T fl— In Line. Foot ot Market SlroO.) *«*¦
IIatj — From Jakuabt 1. 190L — abuts
7«8»a Brrlcia. Suii;in, Klmii*, V*e»tUI«,
Ramsay and »acr»m_to T<43p
~i3u* D&tin. Woodland. Knights Lsadlnf.
Marysfllls. Ornfiile.. 7ll3r
T>80a Atlantic Kx press— Ojden »nd Kmi lt;13r
8iO«> * Mutiiiez. Htu Itamou, VaUejo. Nsp*.
Caiiat»» aud Hauta lto_ *tl!ir
8:OOa Kllss. liTermora. Trier. — >t_on
Stockton 7al3r
•:S*A Shasta I tpress— DkTis, WiUlami (lot
BartleU btrir.gs). WUlowi. Bed
Bluff. Por_i«L Ti43»
¦ i»O* San Joi.. Ufarmots. Mtncktoii. A
lone. Hacramento. FlaenTlll*,
Marysvlllo, Chteo. lte.l llluit ¦•¦Mr
HsSOa Onkilale, Chinese, &oncr». C-ters... *:l.1f
»:OO* Hay w»rvls. Nilrl »nd Way 3uUons. 11 1 1.1 «
tttVWA Los Anzeles Express — Martinet.
Tracr. Lalhrop. ntoekton. Meieed
yremio ami Lea Angoles TllSr
Oi30A Vallnju. Martluex ami Way Stations SilSp
IOiUVa The O»«l»udLl!i.ited-Ogden, D«a«
?«, Omaha. Chicago •:41f
lli««A Nlles, 8toekton. Hacramento, Meo-
dota. FreBno. llanforil. Vlaalia.
Portwr«lU» €ilS»
IIiOOa LlTermora. SnDgtrr. Go_en Jose*
tion, 3_enQfld, Ix» Angelw
tlsOOpSneraiuento UiTsr AtoaMiara.... **'••*
»:OOp najwards. NUes and Way HU»lou«. »i*»»
{.»»r M»rtin««, Man lUmon. Vallej*
Nan*. Callitmca, Santa llota *|13*
«iOOr Dsnieis, Wiaten. M»;r»mento,
Woodland, KnlkbU J_ntUne.
Marya*Uli>. Oroiiilo l»i«*
4t3«>pBaywards. Mien an<l SanJoix t«i4-J*.
OtOOK Nlles. UTarmors. 3tnekton. Lodl ... IUil3»
<3t00r Bunset Limited. El Psjo, New
¦ Orleana and K_t. <I«i19a
B:OOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno,
I ¦ Bakersfield. Baiizua for Sant* Bar*
bara. Los Aniolea. 1»»I34
StOOr N»w Orleaoi Express— UakenAeld.
HauU B«rb*ra.I,os Ani-lea. Dem-
Ing, £1 Paso, Hew Ofleaus and
K_l 7«i-"»»
S:«Or HsTwarda, NlieiandHao Joae ~i*^ »
tSiOUr ValloJ" •¦¦ •!»*»*.
tti«Ur Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenoa,
Omaha, '.'hlcago 13:13r
8:00r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Danrer,
Omaba. Chie*ao. 4iI3r
7i««r Ommi and Calif ornfa Kis>re«.t.Has>
rmnnitii. ,M»rjn»ill«. ItwMlna-.
1'urtlniKi, 1'uget Huilmt and K*tl M3t
HiftSrS&n PAbio. P«ri Coita, SItrtiaes
and Way dlatlons 1 Ii45*
l»H>3r Vallflo '?i4ap
COAST WTISIO1 (5«rroit <i*»(te).
(Eoot nt M«rk«t Street.)
KiI3a Nettaric.C«nterTllle..SajJos».F«ltnfi.
Uonl dor CreeSt.Saiita Orux and Way
t-UUans •«»!»»
lailSr Newark, C«nterTllls, Ban Jots New
Almadeo, Fslton, Honlder Creek,
Santa Ctui and Trlnelpal Way
SUtionS f »••»•?
4:l.ir Newark. S»u Jo*«. Lc« Gato« St.itt*
a«i3«r HunUis' Eieursion, San Joae and
Way Station* t»»»O*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
> rnaSlI ySiSClSCO— f«U »f Hark.t SUi.t (Slif J>—
rt.lt »:W 11:00a.m. 1:M 1:00 *:Upm.
From Oaklaod— Foot of rtroadway.— 1« O ft:<ii
• W:t8*.ni. 11:00 1:00 « :00p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Kanse).
(Thlr.l m.d Townaeml Sta.)
tflslOA Ocean Viaw. rtonth San JTranci«eo.. 1»ta»r
7iOO4 ftaii Jo«» ami Way SUtluns (Now
Almaiien WeJneidaya ouly) Ji»»»
•>••* Han J«>«>. Trea Pino*. H«i_ Criia.
PasIHe <5ro»«. 1 _¦> ItiiWea. H\a
Luis Obiino. 8mf. Lonipoc aud
l>rliiel;>:kl Way Htatlnin i :l ?*
imltt* 8aa Jns« and Way Stations. i'Si*
I Itaw* Man Joarj ami VTaf SUtloin ........ *t»O»
<-4itl>r Ban Mateo. Kedwood, Jlenlo Park,
Palo Alto, danta Clara. Sail Jhso,
Tres Pino*. Sai.U Crm. Sallna*
Monterey and Paclne Oro»8 "S 1 !"*
*3i»«)r San Jow ai.rt Way Stations **??'
t4:l"»r San Jomui'1 Principal Way Stations »i«*
«3iOOr San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
' Way Stations fwiOn.
SiSBp Ban Jo« 8 "an.l PHncVpal Way StaUons «'?»»
««:i«r San Jose and Way Stations *!'»«*
qlli4^r San Jrseaii.l Way atatlon« .-. ««3O>
A for Mon.lnj. P tor A fternooa.
t Hnndar eieeptud. ? Waa_f 0_f.
I Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridari.
c TuodAys, Thondajs. Sondajm,
a Satnrdar only.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBN RT. Ca
2_H3SS_3_J
SAN FRASCISG9 AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon F«Ty. Foot of Market St.
Kan Francisco to San Rafnel.
TIBUR9X FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAY3- T:30, 9:00. U:00 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30.
5:10. 8:30 p. tn. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:30,
5:0", 6:20 p. m.
San fCaiiiet to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:S0. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5$
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park.
same schedule as above\ •
Leave I In Effect I Ait1t«
S3an Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1D0CU San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Dayg. I days. | Destination. ( days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami J:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:03 pm 10:25 am
C :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| S:_ prq
Fultcn,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Ilealdsburs.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
g:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pra 1:12 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I t
. I 8:00 am| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pmj >:23 pra
7:30 am 10:23 am
S:0Oam Guemevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm <:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 ara
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmj 8:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am! 110:40 am 10:23 am
t:30pm| S:0Opm| Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Gcyservflle for Ska^gs Spring: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Harriett
Sprlngrs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomn. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Klverslde. Llerley's. Bucknell's,
Snnhedrln Heights. Hullvlllr*. Orr's Hot Springs.
Menfioclno City. Fort Brags. Westport. Una!.
Wllletts. Laytonvtlle. Cummtngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket office. 630 Market St.. Chronicle build-
in*. R. X. RYAN.
I H. C WHITING, Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausa&o Ferry— Foot of Market St
iv. man man. an. s*iw max.
9:13a.m.) „___ nAVt5 (K0p.il
1:45 r. M. f WEEK DAYS f e;2 - p M
4:00p. M.) StayovernightattheTAVKKN (lOrii a.m.
8K»a. M.I f l:0Op.M.
10:0n a. u. i errvrt tvq J *°° *• ».
11:30 a. M. f SUNDAYS i 4 .^ r „
1:15 p.m.) l&— r.x.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. 3". . n>.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
y^^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_U*«*j£i 629 KRARXr ST. Established
_nf^ir«i ln I§M fertile treatment nf I'rivntrt
ffl/Jv^^ijlM'ases, I^>st ilrtniiiHxi. Debility or
3_tU^Tttt I-i' 1 ' " M "' K ' rin "' 1:1 body :in«l minil »mi
•J4fjill_H?tS!^ ttn Diseases. Tha Doctorcureswlien
iJttSjbiE'SSl others fall. Try him. t'bargrs low.
r>C^aip?Sg^]<'ure»giuii-;nit«-«-<l. Call or writ*.
Dr. J. F. CJIBBOX, hs.h FiAnctico, Cal. _MISS VIRGINIA CALHOUN. THE YOUNG CALIFORNIA ACTRESS. WHO
RETURNS FROM HER SUCCESSES IN EUROPE AND THE EAST TO
APPEAR IN THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TEAMSTERS ARE
VERY CONFIDENT
Say That Contractors Are
Gradually Acceding to
Demands.
If you want a healthy drink try Jesse Moore
••AA" «hl.ker
Brut* Attacks Women.
Much commotion was caused in the
neighborhood of Post street and Grant
avenue late last night by John Connor,
an intoxicated opium fiend. Connor as
saulted several pedestrians, knocking
down one man, two women and .a little
Rirl. - A . spectator interfered and several
soldiers, misunderstanding his . motive,
HELD FOR BURGLARY.— Thoracs Conway
and William Ruesell were held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Fritz, yes
terday, on a charge of burglary for breaking
Into a »run utore. at 1018 Clay street. February
S, and stealing two xbotKuns and rifles.
THE CHARGE REDUCED.— William Harri
fon, who Mra.8 charged with burglary for break-
Ing into Phillip Chrlstman's saloon. S41 Mis
sion etreet. February 17, had the cljarge > re
duced to p*tty larceny by Judge Mosran yester
day ana was Beatecoed t» six nonths in tlifl
County Jail.
Petty Thief Arrested.
George Evans, alias Thompson Ewlng,
was arrested by Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea and Officer Thomas Handley and
four charges of petty larceny placed
against him at the City Prison yesterday.
Evans Is accused of having stolen four
wagonB that were left standing by their
owners in the Mission district.
Miller Introduces Bill Giving Loser
AIMS TO STOP ALL
BANKING GAMES
Chance to Recover Three
fold.
CALL . HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 20. — Miller Introduced in
the ABsembly this afternoon two bills in
volving unprecedented legislation In re
card to gaming.
I'laying or betting upon tiny banking
game, several games beinj; enumerated,
1e made a misdemeanor. A loser in such
a game may bring civil suit against the
winner and recover treble the amount of
his loss. If such a suit is not brought
within three months after the loss, any
one having knowledge of it may bring
the suit and recover treble the amount
of the loss.
By the second, bill the owner of prop
erty leased for gaming purposes may be
sued by a loser in a game, and he is re
sponsible to the same amount as the win
ner Is made responsible for by the first
bllL
HENNESSEY'S DEATH
NOT TtTTE ' TO POISON
Henry McGrath, His Comrade, Is Ex
onerated From All Blame in the
Matter.
The report of the City Chemist to the
effect that no poison was found In the
stomach of Charles Hennessey was read
to the Coroner's Jury yesterday. Hennes
sey died in a hack last Tuesday morning.'
His companion, Henry McGrath, too
drunk to tell a coherent story, was ar
rested on the 'supposition that Hennessey
had been a victim of a beating or "knock
out drops," but the autopsy made by Dr.
L. D. Bacigalupi revealed the cause of
death to be "fatty degeneration' of 'the
heart, acute congestion of the lungs, en
largement-of the liver, and congestion of
the stomach and intestines." . • . ¦ .
The verdict of the Jury was in accord
ance with the report of Autopsy Surgeon
Bacigalupi and also "relieved Henry Mc-
Grath from all blame and suspicion in
the matter.'* McGrath was released. after
the Inquest. •
Hennessey was a clerk, 23 years old,
and resided with his family at 1523 Do
lores street. Gerson & Baer. in whose em
ploy Hennessey had been for ten years,
wrote a letter to Hennessey's widow yes
terday, speaking In the highest terms of
their late employe.
MANY FIBEMEN* ATTEND -
A COMRADE'S FU.NEB.AL
K«mains of Charles H. Okell Fol
lowed to Cemetery by Deputa
tion of Volunteers. •
The funeral of the late Charles Okell.
who was one of the pioneer firemen of this
city, took place yesterday afternoon from
Pioneer tfall under the auspices of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen. The funeral
was attended by many veteran firemen,
who brought beautiful floral offerings to
place upon the last resting place of their
former comrade. At Pioneer Hall Rev.
John Lee, who conducted the solemn
services for the dead, delivered a touch
ing eulogy, dwelling .upon the many vir
tues and the many good deeds performed
by the deceased.
Charles II. Okell. who was born in
Rhode Island 47 yearajago. came to this
State in 1871. and in 1877 Identified himself
with the Volunteer Fire Department,
which was then in existence In this city.
In 1897 he was promoted to lieutenant. In
recognition of his long and faithful serv
ice Wiien he became incapacitated by ill
ness to perform the arduous duties of a
fireman, he was transferred to the Inspec
tion department, where he remained until
called by death. _ r • '¦ •_
The pallbearers were J. M. Thomas and
John Kavanaugh 'of the Veteran Volun
teer Firemen/ James Rlely, superintend
ent of engines; William Patterson. Major
"W. Cunningham. Mr. Sutton of the in
spection bureau and Captain Comstock of
the fire patrol. The interment was In Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
A return visit of the Henschels is an
nounced for next week. These talented
artists will be heard In four recitals at
Metropolitan Temple, February 24, in the
evening, and on the afternoons of Febru
ary 26, 28 and March 2.
Abt, a really remarkable performer on
the mandolin, Js giving- nightly concerts
at Golden Gate Hall, assisted by Miss
Hazen Lezynsky. soprano, and the Grae
ber Mandolin Club.
• • • •
The Chutes and Zoo announce as spe
cial attractions a "ladies* running race"
for to-night, with the usual vaudeville
programme and amateur's bill.
> • • •
The Leonis, Swor, McGreavey and
Swor, Itoseo and Sims, the Alcedos, Ruth
Nelta. Gertie Ansell and Hinrichs' aug
mented orchestra are the week's enter
tainers at Fischer's Concert-house.
The Orpheum has a more than usually
good programme this week, to which the
clever Kelcey sisters, Dumond's Min
strels Al and Mamie Anderson, Dorothv
Studebaker and A. L. Guille contribute a
large share.
"Chlmmie Fadden" is doing good busi
ness at the Central Theater, and will be
followed on Monday evening next by an
elaborate production of "The Girl I Left
Behind Me." Miss Lorena Atwood and
Clifford Dempsey. two recent additions to
tho Central ranks, will sustain the lead
ing roles.
"What Happened to Jones" Is delight
ing the multitudes at tho Alcasar Thea
ter, with its clean and clever fun. Next
week "Countess Guckl" will be put on.
"Uncle Josh Spruceby" is on at the Al
hambra Theater, and Sunday afternoon
Al G. Field's Minstrels will begin a
week s engagement.
"The Waifs of New York" is the Cali
fornia's programme of the week.
only in the East but also In Great Brit
ain. Her father was a Superior Judge of
Kern County and she was educated in
San Jose; subsequently she removed to
this city, where she resolved to adopt a
stage career.
The striking teamsters feel confident
that they have won their fight and that
within the next few days their former
employers will accept the schedule of
hours and wages decided upon by the lo
cal association of the Team Drivers' In
ternational Union. The employers are
willing to submit the matter to arbitra
tion but will not appoint their representa
tives until after the association has been
recognized by the Labor Council.
The schedule agreed upon by the team-
Eters fixes the wages ot members of the
union as follows: Four horse teamsters,
two-horse brick wagons and two-horse
brick cart teamsters. $2 50 per day: two
horse teamsters, one-horse wagon and
cne-horse cart tramsters, $2 25 per day;
hours, from 6:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.; team
ster to have his horses harnessed and
hitched by 6:30, also to take care of his
team in the evening,- thus bringing the
hours of labor really from 6 a. m. to 6
The union asks for the abolition of the
camp and boarding-house system, by
means of which the wages of teamsters
are said to be materially reduced by the
contractors who keep camps or compel
their employes to board in a house named
by them. The teamsters* will fight the
trip system, by which it is claimed their
members are often compelled to work
from twelve to sixteen hours a day and
then 'receive inadequate pay; The union
intends protecting the rights of teamsters
employed in hauling sand, rock or brick,
cr those doing grading work and lorce
the employers and contractors to pay
wages commensurate with the services
rendered. While the strike has been or
dered there is no intention of .working
any hardship on the contractors. The Un
ion Is willing to waive the schedule on
new contracts entered Into prior to the
issuance of the wage schedule.
The strikers met last night and dis
cussed measures looking toward a peace
ful and satisfactory adjustment of the
trouble. The men. were greatly encour
aged by reports received from those who
are handling the strike. There has not
been any break in the ranks and the em
ployers are gradually acceding to the de
mands of the men. The situation looks
"o favorable for the strikers that the pre
rtictlon was made by one of the speakers
St. the meeting that before the beginning
of next week all of the employers will
accept the schedule of the association.
Another - strike and one that may as
sume larger proportions" is now on be
?™en SchAissler Bros, of Grant avenue
and the picture frame workers employed
bv them. Two of the workmen were re
cently discharged. They claim that they
•were dismissed because of their affiliation
with Picture Frame Workers" T^nion >.o.
147 Their allegations are denied by the
firm. Schussler Bros, claim that the dis
missal was the result of a demand for
higher wages. The firm says that the
men demanded ten hours' pay for nine
hours' work. The majority of the men
employed by the firm belong to the union
and about sixty of them walked out,
vhen a demand that the workmen dis
charged be reinstatedwasref used.
non ani Mr. Pratt: (a) "Romance* (Rubinj
stein), (b) ••Hexentanz" ("Witches' Dance 7
< Mac Powell), Mr. Pratt: <a) "Walther's Prize
Son*" (from the ••Meisterstnper") (Wagner),
(h) "Hunirarian Dance,, (Brahms-Joachim), (c)
••Berceuw" (Faurrt), (d) "Mazurka" (Bo
mwsky). Miss Jackson; (a) "Noctump" (Chad
wlck).'(b) "Still as the Xight" (Bohm). (c)
"Maiden's Wish" (Chopin), MIfs Elburna;
"Caprice" (introduction, theme and variation
for violin alone) (Paganlnl), Miss Jackson.
• • •
The merry "Wizard of the Mle is on
for an indefinite run at tho Tivoll Opers.
house. The piece has "caught on' with a
vim. Alf Wheeler is again the King of.
Egypt, Hartman Is the Wizard, ana
We'bb finds exercise for his peculiar tal
ent as the weather propjiet. Bernice
Holmes is a charming queen. Maude \\ 11
liams Is the Daughter of the Mle, and
Cora Harris is well seen as the page.
Miss Virginia Calhoun, who will sus
tain the leading juvenile role In Howard
Hall's new drama "A Husband's Honor"
at Morosco's Grand Overa-house next
week Is another California- girl who has
upheld the honor of her native State, not
PLANS TO REDEEM
TEACHERS' CLAIMS
City Attorney Lane Declares
They Shall Be Paid by
Special Tax.
City Attorney Lane Is 'outlining a plan
by which the school teachers and all
others who have Just claims against the
city may be paid. Lane holds that the
surplus fund remaining In the city treas
ury at the end of the fiscal year cannot
be used for the purpose, as the constitu
tional amendment adopted by the people
provides for the levying of a special tax.
This will mean but four months' delay
when the tax budget will be fixed to go
into effect July 1, 1901.
Lane says that the teachers should not
be required to pay lawyers' fees for the
collection of their claims. He believes
that there will be no necessity for obtain
ing a final Judgment, as they will have
no difficulty In proving their claims.
When they are properly presented to the
Board of Supervisors and to the Auditor
they will be paid In 'full. Lane disagrees
with the Auditor regarding final Judg
ments, and contenas that when a claim
Is reduced to a judgment it can only be
paid out of the revenue of the year in
which it was incurred. He is of the opin
ion that final Judgments against the city
have lapsed. .
Lane will recommend that the surplus
fund be applied to municipal betterments,
such as new streets aJid other improve
ments. The city's debts, he insists, must
be paid according to the constitutional
amendment— that is, by .special levy. This
will mean that the ' estimated surplus of
$220,000 will be spent for public improve
ments, i - ¦ ¦ .
BOY'S BODY IS SWEPT
OTJT INTO THE BAY
Benny Bridges Falls Off Culvert ac
Mouth of Islais Creek and Is
Drowned.
Benny Bridges, the 10-year-old son of
Benjamin Bridges, a boilermaker, resid
ing at 24 Zoe street, was drowned yester
day afternoon In South San Francisco.
Benny, with three other young compan
ions, were out for a walk along Kentucky
street and while romping about the
mouth of Islais Creek he fell off the cul
vert. Before help could reach* him he
was drawn out Into the bay by the ebb
ing tide. At the time the tide turns the
water rushes under this culvert at the
speed of a millrace and sweeps anything
in its path far out Into the bay. Several
persons at once tegan a search for the
body but up to night time no tidings of
the finding of It had been reported at the
Morgue or Potrero police station.
turned upon the women's rescuer. V» hen
tho soldiers became apprised of the facts
they allowed the spectator to continue
beating the drunken brute until the ar
rival of Officers H. P. Braig and Dave
Murphy. The policemen took Connor into
custody and charged him with battery
and vagrancy at the Hall of Justice.
The scheme of representatives of the
Ppruce Package Company to destroy doc
umentary evidence which would have been
dangerous to the corporation in a suit
now pending before Judge Mura?kywa.i
the theme yesterday of widespread com
ment in the business community. The
men who ordered the destruction of the
evidence are accusing one another of the
most serious Indiscretion in permitting
Themselves to discuss the matter even to
their closest friends. Publicity in an af
fair of sis<?h moment :s likely to be ex
tremely dangerous, but the facts are out
and the gossips are wondering what the
next 5tep in the scandalous affair will be.
Superior Judge .Murasky has had tho
matter called to birf attention, but he
pays he will do nothing until his notice
is directed to the aftair by counsel in the
case. He is deeply interested and when
the assistance of ihe court is sought he
will take such actio". as the circumstances
Ffem to require. Th«? whole sensational
incident will, however, be brought to the
notice of Judge Murasky nn Monday.
While the Spruce Package Company .s
not technically in contempt of the Su
perior Court for naving ordered the de
struction of the documents involved, the
insinuation remains that these papers
rr.ust have been of an incriminating na
ture or no • ffort would have been made
to destroy them.
The papers not having been demanded
in court nor produced no offense against
the dignity of the court has been com
mitted. This, however, will not protect
the defendants from being asked to pre
sent the papers, to destroy which so de
termined an effort has been made. On
Monday it is expect«'O that an offer will
be made to prove. that the Spruce Pack
age Company did enter into Illegal con
tracts with the three Portland mills.
This offer will invoive the production of
the contracts if they are in existence. A
demand will be mado for them if Meril
lion, the plaintiff m the case, is allowed
to offer proof that they were made. A
stubborn effort will be made to prevent
the production of such proof on the
ground that a State court cannot discuss
it. It has been contended in this case
that since an interstate issue is involved
the Fuit must be tried in a federal court.
Merllllon on the otrur hand contends that
Fince his action has been taken against
the American Box Factory and not
against the Spruce i\iekage Company the
interstate issue becomes altogether sub-
Fidiary to the State contest. .
Merillion asks simply that the Ameri
can Box Factory be prevented from con
tinuing Jn an association which is in vio
lation of I'nited States laws, lit* simply
atks permission to show that a corpora
tion organized under State laws and ope
rating within the boundarifs of the State
be prevented from 'Incoming party to a
scheme to \iolate interstate laws. Fear
ful that his offer to prove the illegal char
acter of the interstate operations of the
Spruce Package Company, the contracts
of that concern were ordered destroyed.
He will ask. therefore, the privilege of
proving the alleged violation of the Sher
man act by the Spruce Package Company.
If he is permitted to do this he will de
mand that the contracts between the
Spruce Package Company and the three
Portland corporations be produced in
court. The issue is an extremely interest
ing one and has never before been pre
sented in a Htate court.
The Sherman act provides that no cor
poration or association of men shall en
ter into a combination to prevent compe
tition ajid raise prices. It is contended
that the Spruce Package Company com
mitted this very offense by entering into
a deal with the Portland corporations not
to 6ell box lumber to any one In Califor
nia except to the Spruce Package Com
pany. This naturally gave to the local
company a monopoly of the trade.
The affair has now reached such a se
rious stage that the attorneys in the case
declined yesterday to discuss it. as the
Fuit Js in progress and every effort must
be made to avoid even the appearance of
contempt. The startling developments in
the litigation have raided several inter
esting emeries. Business men are trying
to discover who acted as the representa
tives of the Spruce Package Company
when the contracts were made with the
Portland corporations. It is understood
that two men made the deal, but who
They are Is not generally known, and
those who are interested are taking ex
cellent care not to tell.
Edmund Rostand's Masterpiece Is Splendidly Produced at
the Grand Opera-House— Bernhardt Appears as Roxane
and Gives Interest to a Somewhat Insignificant Part
By L. Du Pont Syle.
SO many bottles of ink have been
exhausted and so many yards of
pencil have Been used up in writ
ing about "Cyrano de Bergerac"
that it is unnecessary, In speak
ing of last night's performance, to do
anything more than point out briefly
wherein that rendition differed from oth
ers with v/hich we nr« familiar.
In the first place the production as a
Epectacle alone was good beyond expec
tation. Unless I am much mistaken the
beautiful and elaborate scenery we saw
last' night is the same as that used in
the Porte Saint Martin, where the play
was originally brought out. The second
act— La Rotisserle &as Poetes— is set with
peculiar care; nothing presented by the
Grau Opera Company can compare with
this for beauty and effectiveness. Good
also, though not so good, were the rep
resentation a 1' Hotel de Bourgogne (act
1) and the battle «-ene (act IV). The
management of the numerous mob scenes,
tho costumes and the color effects left
nothing to be desired.
As to the acting, Roxane is a weak,
insignificant part, yet Mme. Bernhardt
never allowed it to become dull or unin
teresting. I do believe sh.e will die
young, for last night she did not look
a day over twenty-five. M. Deuenbourg,
who was the very worst apology for a
Hippolyte I ever saw, made an excellent
Christian, and M. Desjardln tossed off the
part of De Guiche with an ease and
celerity that were perhaps too evidently
contemptuous. Coquelln as Cyrano was
magnificent, barring- the occasional use
of a derisively falsetto tone that seems
to me out of keeping with the part. His
death scene showed him possessed of a
really tragic power that he has devel
oped only of recent years and of whose
existence in so pronounced a comedian I
was somewhat skeptical until I saw it
demonstrated last night.
What a pity that so accomplished an
artist should not be above the petty van
ity of spoiling a tragic tableau by eager
ness to respond to curtain calls. Such
a weakness is pardonable, perhaps, in
comedy, where the only object aimed at
is amusement; but in tragedy— never!
At Other Theaters.
To-night and to-morrow night "Cy
rano de Bergerac" will be again given,
and by general request "La Tosca" In
stead of "Phedre" to be followed by "Les
Preckupes Ridicules" will be the bill for
Saturday matinee. The last appearance
of FWnhardt and Coqueltn on Saturday
evening will be in a varied programme
consisting of the third art of "La Tosca."
the third act of "Cyrano de Berperac,"
one of his famous monologues by M. Co
quelln, and the last two acts of "La
Dame aux Camellias."
• • •
The second rerltal of Leonora Jackson,
the young violin virtuoso, was given yes
terday afternoon to a very good house at
the. California Theater. Miss Jackson
played the Bruch G minor concerto, and
interpreted the difficult number in a man
ner that aroused the highest enthusiasm
in her audience. Mrs. J. E. Birmingham
was the vocalist of the afternoon, and
proved a very efficient substitute for Miss
Josephine Elburna. who was indisposed.
An additional recital, in response to a
general request for an evening perform
ance will be given by this talented girl
to-morrow evening at Sherman-Clay Hall,
when the following programme will be
rendered:
Scherzo fChirtnV Mr. Tratt: jewel song
from "Kauff • (Gounod). Miss Klburna: sonata.
F major .Grle K >. (a) allegro. <b> andante
quasi allegretto, (c) allegro vivace, Miss Jack-
CLARK TALKS
OF NEW ROAD
Declares He Has No Inten
tion of Selling Out to
Harriman.
Senator W. A. Clark of Montana paid a
flyinp visit to San Francisco yesterday.
He declared positively that the recent
Harrlman syndicate deal would in no way
interfere with the construction of his pro
posed San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt
Lake Railroad.
Senator Clark claims that englneeers
are already in the field sun-eying a route
between Los Angeles and Redlands. This
force of men will continue its work the
entire way to Salt Lake. He positively
denies that he has made any overtures to
sell out to the Harriman syndicate or for
an exchange of traffic out of Salt Lake.
The Senator also denied that he had
made or contemplated any agreement,
traffic or otherwise, with the Burlington
people. It is stated by men who are in a
position to know something about railroad
combinations that Clark's road and the
Burlington are bound to come together
sooner or later. The Burlington road is
gradually working west from, its Ne
braska terminus, and will, it is expected,
eventually reach Salt Lake. From there
on to Los Angeles and the coast the nat
ural and only direct route would be over
Clark's road.
"The Harrlman syndicate deal, absorb
ing the Southern Paciflc and Union Paci
fic roads, tioes not interfere with my orig
inal plans in the least," said Senator
Clark. "Statements to the effect that I
was willing to sell out are erroneous. Men
are surveying from Los Angeles to Red
lands, and they wHl continue all the way
to Salt Lake. I am in possession of two
surveys that have already been made
from Salt Lake to Nevada," but I am not
content with these and will at the con
clusion of the engineers' work select
from the three the route which I consider
the best. I will build direct to 'Salt Lake
City." -±±2
DemandWillBeMade
for the Telltale
Contracts.
Judge Murasky Will Take
Judicial Notice of tbe
Affair.
BOX FACTORY
SCANDAL TO
BE EXPLOITED
M. COQUELIN IS MAGNIFICENT
IN ROLE OF CYRANO DE BERGERAC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
12
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Three Eyes
Cannot, possibly, be found exactly alike In
every particular.
Especially Is this true of WEAK EYES.
Even a different refraction Jn the two eyes Is
quite common. One eye may be perfect and the
other short sighted, or they may have different
decrees of the same defect.
Mayerle's glasses are far superior to all oth-
ers for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor
sight, headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vis-
it n. floating spots, pain about the eyes, behind
the heart or temples, nervousness, sore eyes.
discharging eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes,
crosseyes. burning, smarting. Itching, scratch-
ing, twitching, watery or discharging eyes,
heavy, crusty or gluey eyelids, etc. 'Mayerle's
glasses rest the eyes, strengthen the optic
nerve and preserve the sight. Mayerle"s
{.lasses are now used by the highest United
States Army. Navy and Government officials.
German Eyewater 50c
Consultation, Examination and
Advice Free.
Open evenings until 9. Telephone South 572.
GEORGE MATERLE. German Expert Op-
tician. Also graduate of the American Col-
lege of Ophthalmology.
1071^' market Street
(Opposite Hibernla Bank), San Francisco, CaL
See City Directory for Eye Specialists.
CUT THIS OUT.
Bailey's
Pneumatic
>« WHALEBONE
Road Wagon
SOLD BY...
STUDEBAKER
The thirty years' experience selling
vehicles in California brings Vesults in
largely increased business.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
Market arid Tenth.
L. F. WEAVER. Manager.
Mns. G. U. Chappeli.
dcian. She cannot bring herself to
tell everything, and the physician is
.at a constant disadvantage. This is
why, for the past twenty-five yeare,
thousands of women have been con-
fiding their troubles to Mrs. Pinkham,
and whoso advice has brought happi-
ness and health to countless women in
the United States.
Mrs. Chappell, of Grant Park, I1L,
whose portrait we publish, advises all
cufferinfr women to seek Mrs. Pink>
ham's advice and use Lydia E. Pink-
ham's«)Veg-etable Compound, as they
cured her of inflammation of the ovaries
and womb ; she. therefore, bpeaks from
knowledge, and her experience ought
to give others confidence. Mrs. Pink-
ham's address is Lynn, Mass., and her
advice is absolutely free.
STORE WILL BE CLOSED TO-MORROW
. (Legal Holiday.)
BIG SPECIALS
for TO-DAY.
Women's
Shirt ' w **Sr
Waists.
A sample' lot: jfftL sit
all sues; pique /JJilDC 'fatfwMwi
yoke front and /fflySMWlMm<
lty^on ", le qUal " /^w!f { fl 1 1 IJtSsA
M Jsi 1 1 1 v % / j Vjgj
Hack Sateen Aprons. * j-
On. sale. .*..... IOC
'To-day ends the sale of
English Flannel Waists, r>i- n
all sizes; »1 quality OOC
Women's Sailor Collar Gowns*
trimmed with wide embroidery: AEZr>
75c quality— on sale.... \........ T"tJw
Women's Muslin Drawers,
trimmed with embroidery or linen Qlr*
lace — on. sale 4Iv
Just received a new lot of
Taffeta Silk Waists,
tucked front and back; worth «t O Off
J5— on sale... «{>^*O0
Boys' Heavy or Fine Ribbed School
Hose, |fi
25c quality— on, sale. ...... , v . ...... l<jl»
Children's Mus in Drawers, C j
all sizes— on sale.. O3C
. BIGUEBT BARGAINS ever offered In
BMBRO1DERV— look at our window spe-
cials.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
, Bet.- Taylor, and Jones. •-
Mall orders received. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHY MRS. PINKHAM
When Doctors Fail.
Is Al>le to Help Sick Women
Those things are known only to
women, and the aid a man would give
is not at his command.
To treat a case properly it is neces-
sary to know all about it, and full
information, many times, cannot be
given by a woman to her family. pb.y-
How gladly would men fly to 'wo-
xnan*s aid did they but understand a
woman's feeling's, trials, sensibilitiee,
End peculiar organic disturbances.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
| IN QUOTING LOW PRICES TVB
NEVER LET THAT INTERFERE
WITH THE HIGH QUALITIES. OUR •
PRICES WERE XEVER SO LOW A3
NOW.
1 EGGS, 'Guaranteed Fresh, 2 doz. 35c
COFFEE, Java and Mocha, 2 lbs- 65c
This delicious Coffee Is
regularly sold at 43o a Ib.
FINNAN HADDIES, Ib I2£c
BROMANGELON, pkg ...in*
Makes 5 different flavor* v
of dessert Jelly; j
regularly Vic
SARDINES, 2 tins.......... 25c
The celebrated
Lcmqlne brand. ;
regularly 15c.
OK WHISKEY, bot 75c; 3 liots.$2
Gallon...$3
Ago and quality guaranteed;
regularly $1.00 and $4.00.
MINERAL WATER, doz qts-. $1.75
"Cook's Springs"; recommended
for Dyspepsia. Biliousness and all
Stomach. Kidney and Liver troubles.
Regularly J2.25.
IDEAL MUSH, 4 pkgs ..25c
A delicious breakfast mu3&; cooks vnlck;
regularly 3 for 23c.
COPGO SOAP, 6 cakes 25c
An excellent bath soap which floats;
made by N*. K. Fairbank Co., Chicago^
Regularly oc a cake.
CIGARS, 7 for 25c
All the popular 5a brands.
All regularly 12-jc cigars lOe rtraighU
COUXTRT ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market
Telephone— Main 5522.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
Is always an occasion for more or less
vlsltlnsr. outings, walks and rides. On
that day your attire should be unexcep-
tionable. Our part In making you present-
able Is the careful laundering of your
linen, underwear, socks and all the rest.
You know, of course, that we do family
washing besides. Goods called for and de-
livered.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts. No
saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ava
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GKEAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Tbe most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ?, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases or tna Kld-
ntyi and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALF3 ft BRUNE. Axenta.
m Market St.. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR.MCNULTY.
fTHIS WELL-KXOWJf ASD RKLIXBLE OLD
JL Special 1st c<rf* Blood Poison, Gonorrh(8a,G)ec>t,
Stricture, Memtnnl Weakness. Impotence aud their
allied Disorders. Book on DUeswes of Men, fre*.
OverlOyeara'experience. Term* reawm&ble. Hour*.
9to3<laHy:6:30to9.30ev'KS. Sundars.iot" 12. Conanl-
tatlon Jreeandsacredly confident)*!. Call or address
P. ROHCOK JI«\TI/rY, 31. D.
20 \i Kearny St., San Francisco. C&J*
$6.75 for Ladies' Suits ; ||l
Enough of them to mention once more.
Six seventy-five don't begin to equal their worth. Don't compare them £/%§ffT^jf g>
with the price— it's belittling. Our profit time has passed with these suits, W{ §£\r^ I /=¦*
but your wearing time hasn't. In serges, blacks and navy, with double- k
breasted eton jackets finished with velvet collars and lined with silk serge. jrfSrj??^^ \
Skirts have inverted backs lined with percaline. i3§// /^ J
Yard=wide Silkoline ioc W >d#
% (Hext season's styles too.) . 1 J // \
ioo part pieces that the manufacturer had atruck off from which he could cut samples \ J / ( \
and thus sell his coming output. He cut off all the samples he required and left from fif- #/ / \
tccn to thirty yards on the piece. What good were they to him? Hedon t deal in pieces. V^ S I 1
So we got them at a reduction. They are worth as much to you as if we had full bolts. . Saafa>.i>. A
Figured and colored in the latest and cleverest ways. When the full pieces come you ¦Mill IH|||||i m^^
will pay I2j4c. While these last pay.... '. •• IOC
Notions to-day at 5C. We close to-morrow-
-Garter Lengths 5c piece. J n memO ry Of GeOrge WaSbiflgtOfl.
—Finishing Braid. 5c piece. f J e> &
—stockinet Dress Shields, 5c a pair. It's his birthday. A grateful nation honors'
Three fine values to bring business to our t j, c y a y as a general holiday.
notion counter tO-day. The spirit of the occasion Is manifested In an elaborate
THE GARTER I*"ENOTHS ARE 3-4 OF A YARD patriotic display- In the light -well. Hundreds of yards of
LONG— fancy frilled, the quality we sell by th© draped bunting 1 . Interspersed with flaps, drums and grins,
yard for 12%c, by the piece to-day &c have been used to brlrg out a beautiful effect. In the fore-
THE FINISHING BRAID. 5c-ls In six-yard pleces-ln nd on an elevated plane Is a life-size bust of Washlns-
plnk and white blue and white, .red and.^hite-the qual- hanginjf from the dome |n the cemer , g th& Amerl .
TTT13 DR&SSHIELDS Jj-ari of ;iockinrt."8l^s 2 and can coat of arms, draped from which are wide, flowing-
¦^tPe^quSSy^toSay half price 5o streamer*.
1=2 Ib Peanut Taffy ioc. Hudnut's Toilet Water 75c
(We make it ourselves.) , fc V $jfe
~ It's richer flavored, more thickly wooded toilet waters owing to the special mode of
Xwith peanuts than the ordinary made-to-sell preparation, which retains both the color jk
witn peanuts um j r r : ffri j c and odor ot the violets. This perfume has *£=(
sort. We make our candies to make friends. a de Hcatc violet tint. It is guaranteed not S
It's a business that's quite successful. t0 sta j n . . J V
_ 4-oz. sprinkler top f. > ¦ \
10 Cents a /J&/ flf\nrb&^^^ ber dr e s s { n «? w*ni
SS ' ~*££s*?>-~?5~!~"* 0^ • combs 19a I v.oi.r
half DOUn'd. — «=i ¦!¦¦¦¦ ¦ -^ B ulb syringe; XlC^-J
'¦"•: T. Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate ave.' special value. 25c