VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 40.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE, WHO IN HIS MESSAGE TO THE LEGIS
LATURE URGES , THAT BODY TO AVOID EXTRAVAGANCE .IN THE
MAKING OF APPROPRIATIONS.
In hla tlrmt biennial messajfe to the California Leartslatare,
Governor Gnure warns agralnst extravagance In appropriation* as
a. result of bargrnlnlne nmongr the State's lawmaker*!.
lie nays that, Inasmuch an the voter* of the State have given
majorities for conntltntlonal amendments exempting church and
university property from taxation, care numt be nsed in authoris
ing State expenditures in order that the tax burden of the public
nt larse shall not be Increased.
He recommends that appropriations should not be made para
ble immediately.
He urges the Legislature to adopt resolutions strongly lm
prcsftlngr upon California's delegation in Congress the necessity of
redoubled efforts for the exclusion of Oriental labor.
Kinyoun'H bubonic plague scare Is denounced, the Governor
declaring that an Investigation conducted on behalf of the State
proved that the disease at no time existed in this State. The pns
xnire of la\v« prohibiting the Importation of plasrue cenni.for ex
perimental or other purposes Is advocated. It is declared the
poners and duties of the State Board of Health should be extended
nnd that n State quarantine ofllcer ulioald be provided for.
The liPKlslniuro In nuked to cnuct a law making the publica
tion of false plngnc reports a felony.
Legislation for the Improvement of San Francisco harbor is
reviewed.
The executive urges that aRststanCR should be given the State
Debris Commission to enable It to onrry on its work.
The Legislature Ik Informed that' the State -university is in
need of additional nnpport. It in recommended, that ' n-11' non-resi
dent students be made to pny tuition fees. -
Legislation will be needed to properly carry Into effect the
will of the people In exempting Stanford University from taxation.
The passage of laws for the conduct of primary'electlons Is ad
vocated.
necent scandals, it is declared,, have left the State Dental and
Pharmacy boards In a lamentable condition. *>¦ '• - .
The National Guard of California Is reported to hare fully re
covered Its effectiveness. . ¦
The Governor recommends, that the time for the presentation
of claims by counties against the State be limited by law.
lie recommends that the State Lunacy Commission be siren
certain supervision over private hospitals for the Insane. Measures
providing a quarantine asainst alien ¦ Insane are urged.
It Is declared that assaults by convicts upon persons in State
prisons should be made punishable by death.
Governor Gage urges that the power of the State prison direc
tor* In paroling prisoner* should be extended.. '
THE MESSAGE IN BRIE.
. TOPEKA, Jan. 8.— The Legislature met
here to-day in regular session. Governor
Stanley's message was delivered at noon.
The message dealt with the conditions of
the State institutions. Good roads,, the
1904 exposition and a change in the taxa
tion laws are among 1 the matters that ~w!ll
be taken up. by the Legislature. .
Kansas Legislature Meets.
"Resolved, by. the Senate and Assembly
of the State of California, Jointly,
for the reasons contained in the report of
Governor Henry T. Gage to the Secretary
of State of the United States;* in the reso
lution unanimously passed by the' Repub
lican State Central Committee' of Callfor •.
nia at a meeting held on the 13th of June,
1900, /which 'was ; forwarded to . the ; execu
tive at Washington; in the resolutions
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 8.— If a resolution submit
ted in the Senate this afternoon should
pass there will probably.be an end to the
complaints so long', and so
made against Dr. J. J.'- Kinyoun,' -.the' offi
cer, in charge of the quarantine regula
tions of the port of San.-Francisco."Sen
ate joint resolution No. 2 is as follows:
since adopted by the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco and other public
bodies, and in the universal expression of
the press of the State, all. of which rea
sons still exist and, if possible, in greater
force, the President of , the United States
be and he Is, hereby respectrully but most
earnestly requested j to ; direct that Dr. J.
J. Kinyoun, United States' quarantine of
ficer for San- Francisco, ".be relieved from
further service oh the Pacific Ooast.
"Resolved. That the Secretary of State
be . and he Is i hereby directed . to transmit
the 'above resolutions ; to " the President r of
the United States by telegraph." .
v The ¦ resolution will ;, be , : rushed to the
Committee on j Federal Relations/, through
the , Senate' and \ through" the ' House 'with
as little delay as possible.".. .-
Packer's aJleced crime was the murder
of a party of five prospectors In the wilds
of Colorado. He admitted that h« killed
one of the men, who. he said, was Insane
and had assaulted him after murdering
the other four . with a hatchet. Packer
was one hundred miles from civilization
at the time and wa» compelled, he said,
to eat the flesh of the" mnrdered . men to
keep- from starving.
The attempted assassination of H. H.
Tammen and F. O. Bonfils. of the Den
ver Post, by W. W. Anderson, a lawyer,
about a year ago, resulted in the agita
tion of Packer's case.
DENVER, Colo.. Jan. 8.— The last offi
cial act of Charles Thomas, who retired
as Governor of the State to-day, was to
grant a parole to Alfred Packer. The re
lease of the famous prisoner was the re
sult of efforts urged in his behalf for two
years. Packer ht* been in prison over
seventeen years. He was sentenced to a.
forty years' term in 1?S3.
MUSDEBEE ALFEED PACKEB
IS GRANTED A PAROLE
Special Dispatch to The Call
Second Measure Introduced in Senate Is
Aimed at Quarantine Officer.
RESOLUTION REQUESTING
DR. KINYOUN'S REMOVAL
As darkness fell the authorities were as
sembled on the shore and the lifeboats
were lying off awaiting the first opportu
nity to effect a rescue, but the latest dis
patch from the lighthouse keeper at Fara
rnan describes the position of the ship m
hopeless. It is probable that the vessel
and all on board will ucrtsh.
Rear Admiral Besson. naval prefect of
Marseilles, has telegraphed to Toulon for
the dispatch of the powerful tug Travall
leur immediately to the scene.
The wind Is still blowing a hurricane
with no sign of abatement. A great
crowd is assembled along the shores, ex
citedly watching the endeavors to com
municate with those en board the ship,
which is bumping' heavily as the sea?
dash over her. Rockets have been fired,
but each time the line has fallen short.
MARSEILLES. Jan. S.— A terrible dis
aster threatens the mall steamship Rus-
Ele, from Oran, which stranded yesterday
on «he coast near the village of Faramari
during a violent storm with fifty passen
gers and^a crew of fortv on board. She
was heeled to the starboard and the
waves are sweeping ever her. Desperate
attempts to rescue her company by life
boats and steam tugs were made yester
day and have been repeated to-day, but
thus far the rough peas have prevented
ever>" effort to appro?xh her.
Large Steamship and
Ninety Persons
Doomed.
TERRIBLE
DISASTER
IMPENDING
SIX HUNDRED
MILLIONS MAY
BE DEMANDED
Vast Amount of the
Indemnities CMna
Must Pay.
Claims ol Various Nations
Swell t&e Bill to a
Big Figure.
Germany Wants at Ie:st Fifteen
Million Pounds From the
Iinparial Government.
Special Dirpatrh to Ti» CalL
PEKING, Jan. 8— There is considerable
talk as to the amount of indemnity to
be demanded by the allies and China's
ability to pay the same. While impos
sible at this time to state accurately the
a mount of damasen directly traceable to
the Boxer uprisi:^, J6jO.OJO,000 is general
ly mentioned as the b?-£is. It is hard to
figure on the equitable damages that
should be j»aid for private lcsses. Prob
ably $3,000,000 would cover the losses to
Catholic missions and H.000,000 to those
cf Protestant denominations. These with
the destruction of 200 miles of railway
are practically the only private losses,
and £5,000,000 would certainly caver every
editable claim.
National Indemnities, however, are
v hat will swell the bill. These bills are
for the movement of troops. Germany's
Is the biggest of all. Her bill will be
from £05,000,000 to £16,000,000. England
will come next with a claim of about
£i:,000,000. France has net spent £5.000,
000. Italy only appropriated 30,000,000
francs. The amount the Japanese claim
is uncertain, but will certainly be noth
ing like xhat cf England and Germany.
Russia's action in withdrawing from
the concert of the powers and reaching
an agreement with China to s-ign a treaty
at St. Petersburg indicates that the Gov
crr.raent need hardly be included in the
rr.atter of indemnities, and if she makes
ar.y demand at all the amount certainly
•HI be a small one. The Comptroller
-»f tt« Hussisja Treasury paid recently
the total expenditure of his Government
en account of Chinese expeditions was
less than 20,000,000 roubles. The claim of
the United States, also comparatively
email, will hardly exceed $5,000,000. Aus
triae claim will be Insignificant.
The figures, of course, only Include the
extra expense of bringing men here and
the cost of niaintenar.ee and transporting
them home. Takir.g all of these claims
ir.to consideration and allowing £1,000,000
more to cover every othc public expendi
ture and to build a palace to replace ev
*ry legation building hit by a bullet
t-rir.g the Elege, a very liberal estimate
cf the damages that could be equitably
a??essed will be frcm £50.000.000 to £C0,
coo.ooo.
People who are be?t informed as . to
Chinas finances. Including Sir Robe't
Hart. Imperial Director of Maritime Cus
tom, say she will be able to raise this sum
or. her own credit without any foreign
control cf her revenues, a scheme ¦which
baa t'o^n a failure in every country where
tried and would likely lead to disputes be
i-wn the allies here and possibly to war.
The annual Income cf the Chinese Gov
err.rr>nt is 100,000,030 taels. One-fifth of
mip amount pay? the Intf-reFt on the F.ink-
Jr.sr furri now, and the best financiers say
it will bo ¦urmeccfFary to increase the cus
fmF dutifs unless China is forced to
abandon the LiJ:in tar., which is very ob
¦jeetionable to foreign merchants. Th.?
rurrender of tho i.'kin tax Just now would
be undesirable, brcause it is the chi^T pro
vincial tax and supplies all funds for the
evpport of local governments.
Reverting to the destruction of the rail
reads one of the smaller nowers talks of
c^rRand«r.g $40,000,000 in sold for this ac
tion, although only £50 miles of roadbed
¦was damaged. As a matter of fact the
raiiroafls have been practically restored
already without cost to the owners' ex
pense, the materials being squeezed out of
the people living in villages along the line.
Taking £40,000,000 as an equitable ad
justment of the Indemnities, the bill woull
require the deduction of money capture*!
by the allies at Tientsin and Peking. The
amount of this loot is estimated as high
&s £10.000,000.
THHJXS EMPRESS WILL EEXIJEi:
Archbishop Favier Optimistic Con-
cernir g Outlook in China.
PARIS, Jan. E— Archbishop Favler, the
head of the French Mission in Northern
Ciiina, who reached Marseilles January 3,
has arrived in Paris. In an interview he
eaid he believed the Empress Dowager
would return to Peking In the spring,
vrhen order will be completely restored.
The Europeans, he adds, will find that
they have not lost ground by recent
events. The Government, however, must
be given time to resume the direction of
affairs. Meanwhile the police work now
proceeding should be completed and the
lest bands of Boxers and looters dig.
pcrsed. Europe must not try to rush the
negotiations, for Chinese diplomacy al
ways says "no." but afterward always
say. "ye*."
The Archbishop Justified the ransacking
cf Peking shops for food by Chinese
Christians with the connivance of the
Archbishop. He declares the Christians
took provisions from abandoned ware
houses after they first obtained permis
eion from the French Minister to seize
previsions, clothes and coal, and also a
portion of the money lying in Prince Li's
palace, in order to send it to the dis
1 reused Christians In the provinces.
Saving the Inmates.
all in her power to sa\e the children and
nurses.
When the firemen' arrived their atten
tion was first turned to the Inmates cf
the hospital ward in the west wing of the
institution. On the floor next to the tor»
was Miss Brad. With the flames leaping
all around her It seemed impossible to
escape. She did. however, but was so si
riously injured by falling that she will
not live.
It was stated by th9 matron that thero
were seventy-flve girls In the west win?.
Besides these, there were two children
and two nurses in the hospital depart
ment, which was also in that wins:. It
was estimated at 8 o'clock that aJl of the
Inmates of the west wine had been gotten
out, either dead or alive.
Many children were taken away early,
and the number saved and those killed
and Injured could be counted only with
great difficulty.
The work of rescue was taken up by
volunteers as -well as by firemen. Am
bulances from all the hospitals were on
the ground almost as soon as the flra
companies, and houses In the neighbor
hood were thrown open to receive the
little ones, who were carried from the
asylum.
Bescued by Brave Firemen.
Two young men, W. Clark and F.
Young, were coming down Plymouth ave
nue at 1 o'clock this morning, when they
saw smoke issuing from the asylum.
Clark immediately ran to a fire-alarm
box and sent in an alarm. Then he and
his companion ran up the fire-escape to
the roof of the building farthest away
from the fire. Just as they reached tha
top a terrific explosion was heard and
the flames burst forth with renewed
vigor. In a few minutes half of the build
ing in which the hospital was situated
was a mass of flames. The smoke poured
out from every window and frantic cries
could be heard coming from the impris
oned Inmates. The long ladders were run
up. and. plunging into the stifling smoke,
fireman after fireman came sliding down
the ladders bearing: Inanimate forms In
their arms. Most of the children and
adults carried from the burning building
were unconscious. ;• '.•
Falls "With the Wojnan.
Fireman Morris Keating went up on the
roof on a ladder to rescue women and
children. Just as he reached the top a
stream of water was turned on him to
keep away the flames, but It had the ef
fect to confuse the man. He reached for
a woman and the latter Jumped for his
arms. Suddenly the man lost his hold on
the ladder. The crowd groaned as th«
fireman fell with the woman to th»
ground. The woman, was killed out
right and the fireman was so seriously
Injured that he may die.
Children Carried Down.
Miss F. M. HIbbard, who had charge
of twenty-three children on the third
floor of the main building, said:
"I was awakened by the cries or the
children and realized that the building
was on fire. As quickly as possible we
all made our way to the roof, escape In
any other direction belngr Impossible.. Al
ready the firemen had their ladders to the
roof and quickly the children were carried
down. After most of them bad been
rescued the beat became so Intense that,
to save myself, I slid down a post lead
ing to the ground."
Miss HIbbard was terribly burned.
SECOND FATAL FIRE.
Two Men Meet Death Fighting Flames
in Kodak Works.
ROCHESTER, N. T., Jan. 8.— The ni
trate building of the Eastman Kodak
Works was destroyed by fire to-day. Two
firemen were killed by the rumes of the
burning chemicals and one other was so
seriously Injured ha probably will die.
The dead:
LIEUTENANT EDWARD MURPHY.
GEORGE P. LONG.
The injured:
George Kltlinser.
The fire started by the contact of escap
ing nitric acid with the wooden floor.
The . explosion . which occurred, though
violent, did . not . awaken the sleeping
children or nurses, but the smoke that
began to pour into the east wing brought
the inmates to a' realization of the situa
tion with a suddenness which at once
seemed to rob nearly every one, of Judg
ment and , mental faculties. Cries and
groans filled ¦ the air.' It was impossible
to see : any thing on account of the thick,
smoke. The nurse, Miss Ashdown, did
In the east wing were the sleeping
apartments, located mainly on the second
and third floors. The lower floor was
known as the first nursery, and the upper
as the second. Here were forty children
or -more. Miss Sarah Ashdown was !n
charge -for the night, and with" her was
Miss Brad of the hospital ward, who wa3
taking care of two sick children.
Shortly after the fire broke out a boiler
exploded with terrific force, completely
blowing out the lower part of the we3t
end of the connecting wing, thereby cut
ting oft the escape '' of the children from
the east end of tb* buildlnff.
A few minutes after 1 o'clock this morn
ing a nurse. Miss Cltue. . smelled smoke.
The matter was immediately reported to
the matron. Miss I* Dlnehart. The smoke
was locateS In the boiler room, and word
was sent to police headquarters. Fire ap
paratus was hurried to the building, but
before the first engine arrived the struc
ture was In flames, and scores of persons
were doing their best to rescue the in
mates.
Terrific Boiler Explosion.
The ambulances from every hospital in
the city reached the scene almost as soon
as. the Fire Department. "but they proved
totally Inadequate In providing fcr the res
cued. Many sufferers were removed to
the houses in the Immediate neighborhood.
There were awful scenes around the asy
lum at this time. Most of those rescued
from the building were unconscious from
the effects of the amoke. It soon became
apparent that the building was doomed. A
general alarm was sent in and the entire
Fire Department was soon upon the scene.
The fire was stubbornly fought from every
available point, but it was more than an
hour after its discovery before it was
under control. .
The scene following almost Immediately
upon the discovery of the fire and the ac
companying explosion was one which
turned the stoutest hearts. The 'windows
of the west wing were filled with terrified
faces of the tiny waifs. "Working like men
possessed, the firemen struggled to release
them from their perilous position. The
rooms of the dormitory were filled with
the smoke of the fire and the little ones
were being slowly suffocated. Most of
those rescued were lowered to the ground
by means of ladders from the second and
third stories.
Terrified "Waifs at Windows.
That so many children were saved from
the west wing "of the building seems little
short of miraculous, and when the ruins
were visited to-day one marveled that the
death roll was not even larger.
ROCHESTER, ' Jan. 8.—Twenty
eight dead bodies lie at the
Morgue and twelve persons moro
or less seriously Injured lie In
the hospitals of the city to-night
as the resul: of the terrible fire which oc
curred early this morning at the Roches
ter Orphan Asylum. Of the dead twenty
six were children of both sexes, ranging
in age from 2 to 14 years, and the remain
ing two were adults. The fire, which was
discovered at 1:10 a. m. and was doubtless
caused by an explosion of natural gas In
the boiler-room adjoining the west wing
of the asylum, spread so rapidly that
many of the 109 Inmates of the institution
were overcome by flames and smoke al
most without warning.
In all the long and dismal record of
fatal fires in Rochester none can be found
which can equal this one In horror, pathe
tic - scenes in which so many lives were
blotted out In the gallant sacrifice of lives
of the attendants in whose charge the
children were and In the sad scenes of th •
hospital and the Morgue.
AT THE ORPHAN ASYLUM.
The following la a list of the casualties, those not otherwise
designated beta? children, 1 nni.-it.-r of the aaylumi
The ilend: ISABEL MARTHAGE.
ARTHUR 'KELLY. GERTRUDE McCAW.
GLADYS HILL. MARIOS McCAW.
GERTRUDE TO!* Ell. LOREO OWES.
BERTHA HALL. CHARLIE IJE.MI.VM.
VIOLA STUCK. RHEA COXWELL.
LILLIAN STOXE. BERTHA POTTER.
MILDRED SLOCU3I. EVA.XGELIXE CARR.
MARY ALE.TAXDER. MILDRED WRIGHT (colored
HELEX HAMILTOX. MIXXIE SKIXXER.
HAZEL MURRAY. . MARY KAXE.
MINNIE TIPFAXV. CORA POTTEn.
MYRTLE PATTERSON. CHARLOTTE DRYAXT,
MRS. MARIA GORDOX. cook. BEACIIXELL CAREY.
. . ._ . MRS. MARTHA GILLIS, a name.
The derioanlj- Injured:
Minn Inabellc Lawson, mine; Ellen Delmore, name, recovery
doubtful; Fred Potter, nmy die: Kate Cotterlll, nccl 1G; Blanche
Andernon, nited 7 (colnrrcl)i Maurice Krctlne, fireman: Mrs. Amelia
Cllne, nurse; Mary Ilraild. nurse, recovery doubtful; Frances M.
Illbbard, nurse; Minnie Conklin, narse; Francis Edwards, an at
tendant; John Carr, a^ed ."S, recovery- doubtful; Captain William
Creegnn, fireman, prostrated bj- inhaling smoke, will probably
recover. *
AT EASTMAN KODAK WORKS.
The deadt
LIEUTENANT EDWARD MURPHY.
GEORGE F. LONG.
The Injured:
Ceorsc Xltllnger.
VICTIMS OF THE TWO
FIRES AT ROCHESTER
MENTO, Jan. 8.— Speaker Pendleton Is de
voting the night to making. up his com
mittees. He has said that he would com
plete them without further conference
with any one, and that he would be ready
to announce them on Friday.
Dan T. Cole came iip to-day, his pur
pose being to place a relative on the pay
roll of the Senate. He relies upon Sen
ator Tyrrell to make his fight for the po
sition.
Sam Rainey arrived to-night to lend his
assistance to Martin Kelly. He kept away
from the uptown hotel lobbies, where the
largest crowds gather. In the evening he
was In conference with Kelly.
Alexander T. Vogelsang, the Fish Com
missioner, is In town, industrously look
ing after his own fences and the game In
terests of the commonwealth.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
SAM BAENEY ABBIVES
TO AID "BOSS" KELLY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Jan. S.-Whatever
ripple of excitement may have
been caused in this city over
the opening of the Legislature
has passed away. The streets
have lest their unusual crowds, the hotel
lobbies have relapsed into their ordinary
routine of visitors ccmirg and going and
the assembled legislators have settled
down to the general, serious v.'orlt of the
session. Both houses are fully organized,
with the exception cf the formal an
r.cunerTRent of the various committees.
Lieutenant Governor Neff declares that he
will appoint the Senate committees to
morrow, and Spealier Pendleton believes
that on Friday morninR he will announce
his temmittet: selections, for the lower
house. Ap far as nubile interest is con
cerned the personnel of these committees
will not be differer.T in any material par
ticular from that alrcad;- annourced in
The Call. Pendleton is simply striving to
satisfy the various interests which sup
ported him.
The most sirmiflcant incident in the pro
ceedings to-duy was the presentation of
the message of Governor Gage. The fa
tality which attends every official act of
the Governor presided at this important
Incident in his official career. The mes
sage should have been presented simulta
neously in both houses. In courtesy the
Assembly should have listened to the
reading of a part of It, and should then
have ordered the entire document printed
for distribution. The Senate, according
to custom, should have listened patiently
to the reading of the whole document.
But a series of blunders attended the
affair. The message was presented in the
Assembly, and Anderson moved that the
reading be suspended. It was thought
that Anderson, knowing that Gage had
used his influence against him in the
Speakership fight, sought to commit- an
act of discourtesy. A short conference
was held, it was explained that no such
thing was intended, and the message was
received without being read. In the
meantime the Governor's messenger was
hastening on his way to the Senate
chamber with another copy of the mes
sage. Just as he reached the door the
Senate adjourned and the message was
not presented. In this way it happens
that the message of Governor Gage be
comes a public document without a word
of It having been heard by any member
of the Leglslatvre. But the Senate will
listen to it to-morrow. . .
One of the measures of more than or
dinary importance adopted by the upper
house to-day Is a request upon the proper
Federal authorities to remove United
States Quarantine Officer Kinyoun from
<3uty on the Pacific Coast. This, taken
In conjunction with a large part of the
Governor** message on the same subject,
shows veiy clearly what the State gov
ernment thinks of Klnyoun's pernicious
activity In the creation of plague scares
and similar sensational nonsense.
In connection with the Legislature now
In session there will be early next week
a meeting of the State Board of Equaliza
tion, which will be of grave Importance.
It is estimated that the Btate rate of
taxation will be smaller this year thaw
before, because of a material increase In
the assessment values of taxable property
in the State. It is announced that Ban
Francisco and Los Angeles will be torced
to bear the greater part of this Increased
burden. Because of the fact that the
Federal Government has expended $100,
000,000 in San Francisco since the begin
ning of the war with Spain the metropo
lis, it is said, will be made to bear higher
burdens of State taxation. The Board of
Equalization will meet In order that It
may reach an approximate total of prop
erty assessment in the State and give this
estimate to the Finance Committee of the
Senate and the Ways and Means Commit
tee of the Assembly.
Another Important and highly Interest-
Ing meeting will be held on Monday, when
the Electoral College of California will
assemble and cast its nine ballots for
President of the United States. This pro
ceeding will be dignified In the Assembly
chamber with music, speeches and cere
monies more ambitious than ever before
held in : the State on a similar occasion.
Samuel M. Shortridge will carry the bal
lots to Washington.
Upper House Does Not Wait for the Document and in
the Lower Branch It Is Simply Received and Placed
on File — Legislature Now Ready to Begin Its Work
GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE IS GIVEN TO
THE PUBLIC WITHOUT BEING READ
IN EITHER SENATE OR ASSEMBLY
Boiler Explosion Adds to the Horror of
the Disaster, and That Many Are
Saved Is Regarded as Miraculous
TWENTY-EIGHT LIVES
LOST IN ROCHESTER
ORPHAN ASYLUM FIRE
CALL BUREAU. KC6 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Jan. S.— The protec
tion of the United States has been ex
tended over the city of Panama. Notice
has been given to the Government and
the insurgent forces of Colombia, and will
be repeated tf necessity arises, that a
bombardment of that city will not be per
mitted. To aid the American Consul Gen
eral in enforcing compllar.ee with this
notice, the cruiser Philadelphia will leave
j La .Libertad, San Salvador, to-morrow for
j Panama, and the gur.boat Bancroft, now
at -Vjnarilla Bay, Colombia, will in a few
days return to Colon.
The revolution In Colombia is again se
rious. Acting Secretary Hill received a
dispatch to-day from Consul General
Gudger, stating that the Colombian Gov
ernment announces that the revolution
ary forces are approaching Panama and
| are making preparations for a battle,
which may soon occur.
According to a treaty arrangement with
Colombia, the United States has been
given a certain measure of protection
over the peaceful conduct of this traffic
across the isthmus. When Consul Gen
eral Gudgrer a few months ago reported
J that the revolutionists would bombard
the city of Panama. Acting Secretary of
State Hill promptly sent a dispatch to Mr.
Gudg-er announcing with unusual vigor
that this Government would not tolerate
any action likely to Interfere with the
rights whlch_the United States Govern
ment'bad assumed. ~ The dispatch became
public In Panama and had the effect of
putting an end to the plans of bombard
ment. Mr. Gudger's present dispatch
does not Indicate that the city itself is
about to be attacked, but if it develops
by later information that there Is any
prospect of bombardment, the vigorous
procedure of a few months ago will be
repeated.
Special Dispatch to The Call
insurgent Forces Appro chiDg and
Making Prepara ions for a Eatllc
Which Uif So:n Occur.
Revolution in Col'mMa, Re
ported Again Very
Serious.
United States Will
MTV • 1
Permit a
Bombardment
PROTECTION
IS EXTENDED
OVER PANAMA
The San Francisco CallWhile these events were transpiring the City
Board of Health of San Francisco had already
quarantined the Chinese district, but. a : test
case having been heard in the United State*
Circuit Court before the Hon. W. W. Morrow.
Judge thereof, the city quarantine was held
illegal .by a decision rendered June 15, l90t>.
In the course of -this decision the eminent Judg?
observed, as follows: '.'If "it were within the
province of this court . to decide the point. I
should hold that there is not and never. has
been • case of plague in this city.".
Upon the day following, the decision of thn
NO CASE OF PLAQXTE V
EVER EXISTED HERE
"Tenth— That the medical gentlemen and ex
perts of the city Board of Health and the
Federal quarantine officers who have ventured
the injurious opinions which have spread
broadcast over the world the rumor of the ex-'
lstence of the dreadful plague In the great and
healthful city of San Francisco have never
seen a living case of plague; whereas, some
among the physicians, surgeons and scientists
with whom I have advised have had personal
experience and wide opportunities in observ
ing the bubonic plague when It was raging In
India and elsewhere and they all pronounce
the 6Ufipected cases here not bubonic plague.
"Eleventh — From the best light I have been
able to procure and from a most careful con
sideration of the whole subject I am pleased
to Inform your Excellency that I firmly believe
no case of bubonic plague has at any time
existed within the borders of our Btate.
That If the cases referred to were
genuine plague even then the quarantine aa
conducted by the city Board of Health In con
junction with the Federal quarantine officer is
discriminating against the Chinese and also
unreasonable, according to Information derived
from the highest authority here obtainable.
"Thirteenth^ — It Is undetermined by the court
whether the Injunction referred to has been
violated.
"Fourteenth— Since the report to your Excel
lency Involves, among other things, the ques
tion whether there Is plague In Chinatown and
also vitally touches the commercial and other
Interests of San Francisco, as well as deeply
concerns the welfare of the entire State, I
have deemed it my duty to call into consulta
tion distinguished physicians, surgeons and
bacteriologists, able financiers and business
men and others, ' e« well • as my eminent pre
decessor In office, the Hon. James II. Budd,
some of whose names are therefore In concur
rence hereto attached. HENRY T. GA.GE."
"We concur In the foregoing conclusion that
bubonic plague does not exist and has not
existed within the State of California.
"Physicians of the regular school— L». C.
I.*ne, president Cooper Medical College: C. N.
Elllnwood, M. D.. professor Cooper Medical
College; Winslow Anderson, . M. D.. M. R. C.
P., London, M. R. C. B.. England, president
College of Physicians and Surgeons of San
Francisco.
"Physicians of the Homeopathic • school—Ed
win *S. Breyfogle, M.«D.
"Bankers, merchants, etc.— Levi Btrauss.
president of Levl Strauss A . Co. : James II.
Budd. former Governor of California: William
Alvord, president of Hank of California; Rob
ert J. Tobln, Hlbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety; Adam Grant of Murrtiy, Grant &" Co.;
Lewis Oerstle, president Alaska Commercial
Company: Isalas W. Hellman, president Ne
vada National Bank; Hctiry F. Fortmann, pres
ident Alaska Packers'. Association; A. B.
Epreckels." . v
Many other eminent bacteriologists and phy
sicians whose names are not attached to sal \
report participated in this most Important In
vestigation, reached similar conclusions,- and
concurred In the findings of the foregoing tele-
Bram -. ; ."V
"Ninth— That no two persons of the same
family have contracted the disease and that
no two cases have occurred within the same
house or building, no matter how great the
exposure may have been.
"Eighth— That I cannot find proof that the
plague alleged to be here is either Infectious
or contagious. I find no proof that any person
has contracted It from another; and I further
find that certain individuals who have been
repeatedly exposed at autopsies and elsewhere
to the alleged plague and others who have
moved about In the houses and rooms where
the suspects expired, having done so without
taking any precaution whatever against the
supposed malady, have neither contracted the
same nor spread , the dUease elsewhere.
"Seventh— That the municipal records show
the proportion of deaths in Chinatown has
been no greater than that of any other portion
of San. Francisco since the date of the dis
covery of the alleged plague In Chinatown.
Vicflni was alive, nor by the attending phy
sician after death. In some of the suspected
cases death has occurred when no regular phy
sician was in attendance. There have been in
all only eleven suspected cases among a popu
lation of 85.000 Chinese (15,000 of whom are
quarantined), and no cases among whites and
other races. The examinations made after
death of the bodies of the suspected cases
since the alleged discovery of the disease mora
than three months ago fall to furnish satis
factory proof of plague.
•'Second — That the. quarantined district con
tains upward of 15,000 Chinese subjects, 3500
of whom are unable to support themselves by
virtue of the quarantine.
"Third— That full and fair Investigation has
been dented the physlciana of the Chinese by
the city Board of Health.
"Fourth— That the Chinese were forced to
appeal to the courts ard then were accorded
the right cf Investigation Into the cause of
death of the dead suspects. .
"Fifth — That since the procurement of the
order of court granting privilege to the white
physicians of the quarantined Chinese to visit
the sick and be present and take part in autop
sies had, neither the city Board of Health nor
Federal officers have been able to discover any
bubonic plague case. <iead or alive.
"Sixth— That there has been no epidemlo In
Chinatown.
The awful nature of this disease and the
necessity for the State taking all precautions
against its importation" will be appreciated from
the following excerpts from the pamphlet on
"The Bubonic Plague." written by Dr. Walter
Wyman. surgeon general of the United States
Marine Hospital Service (the superior officer of
Dr. Klnyoun), ; and published at- Washington
by the Government printing office, • Dr. Wy
rhan says: « . .
-The deadlly character of the bubonic plague
germs Is such ' that medical authorities are
agreed that such bacilli are transmissible, not
only by secretions, and excretions, but also
frcm man to man, from animals. Insects and
from objects, as well as from the soil. -
PREVENT IMPORTATION
OF PLAGUE BACILLI
Assuming that we ar« fully Justified in be
lieving that the | false reports of the plague
which were temporarily credited at Washing
ton, In other States and In foreis-n countries,
were Innocently circulated, may wo not have
cause to think that in certain Instances, when
prosecuting scientific investigations within this
State, with all sorts of slides, cultures, etc.,
for the purposes of discovery and comparison, .
some investigator innocently caused slides anl
cultures containing Genuine Imported bacilli
to be accidentally mixed with or substituted
for harmless slides and cultures prepared from
human .suspects, and in that way the medical
departments In Washlneton as well as In this
State were deceived and induced to foster the
false reports?
I persQnallj' know, with respect to some of
the same subjects, officially reported as plague-
Btrlcken. that where lymph was taken from
such subjects under my direction and most
carefully watched and handled, no such results
were produced under the microscope or upon
animals as those reported by Dr. Klnyoun.
When this Federal Quarantine Officer reported
that his Inoculated animals died of plague,
those Inoculated under my direction fattened
and thrived.
In the glands which were taken during my
Investigation for experiment and examination,
extreme care wu taken ro guard against tam
pering, and to prevent them from being mixed
with imported slides aivd cultures. .
Under such circumstances would It not be
fair and Just to assume that by accident some
one erred In the selection of slides and cul
tures if such results as those reported by Dr.
Klnyoun were, In truth obtained? But at all
events It must be remembered that Dr. Kln
youn, who has been so persistently obstinate
in his reports of plague, never had any expe
rience with the disease proper, his experience
being derived wholly from books and laboratory
work and not ¦ from - practice among victims of
the plague, as was stated In my report above
set forth to his Excellency John Hay, '
Notwithstanding some official and private ro
ports to the contrary, I am still convinced thnt
up to this time no case of bubonic plague has
existed in this State; and with ordinary vigi
lance of the Federal Quarantine Officers to pre
vent lls Importation, from foreign countries,
none will In the State, unless through tho
criminal negligence or connivance of those who
might possess genuine- . imported bacilli, anl
who would be Interested in planting:, the dread
disease in our midst.
The false reports of the existence of tho
plague and the unjURt quarantjne of the State
Irreparably Injured many of our business Inter
ests and numerous industries of the State.
Travel was stopped to California, "and vlsltln.j
tourists made haste to leave our State. Th<V
prices of California frulta and cereals shrunk,
and in the markets of other States this placard
was observable: "No California Fruits for
Sale." Our commodities were for sale at a
discount In foreign markets, and the reputa
tion of this State as a Mecca for health seekerj
has been blackened for years to come. .•¦
It Is unnecessary to go further into details of
cur Injuries as a people.Mn view of our widely
known bitter experience.
Although our creat and Just President acted
elmoEt Immediately, when the Injustice of Dr.
Klnyoun and the bald certain city officials of
San Francisco was submitted to him, still prior
to the establishment of the • quarantine other
States In the Union, being misled by the re
ljorts from the said ofilcials who fostered th»
plague scare, quarantined against us, a course
which was followed by the republic of Mexico
and a few other foreien states. Even yet, on
account of the reports of the said city offi
cers and of Dr. Klnyoun, the State of Texas
continues an unjust quarantine against us,
checking travel and Interfering with the ship
ment of our commodities.
Circuit Court and the raising of the quaran
tine about the Chinese district. Or. J. J. Kln
youn, the Federal Quarantine Officer {who had
been previously a party to some of the Invest!-,
eatlons of those favoring the plague scare)
arbitrarily and without proper cause quaran
tined the entire State. This summary and un
justifiable action appalled >our citizens, Tho
t rult and other Industries weSw threatened with
ruin. Business was partly paralyzed. Gloom
settled over the State, and the promise of n
happy and prosperous ending of the year was
dispelled. On the night of Saturday, June 16,
1M0, the date of the arbitrary Quarantine of
Dr. Klnyoun, I telegraphed the President ap
pealing In behalf of the people of the State
to release the quarantine, and I referred for
the facts to my previous report to the Unltcl
states Secretary of State. Appeals to the Presl
ldent were also made by the Republican State
Central Committee and by its officers, and by
many diEtinguiehed citizens Irrespective of
party, while the members of the California Re
publican delegation to 'he Republican National
Convention personally palled upon the Presi
dent at AVaxhlneton making similar appeals.
The President being sufficiently advised of
the true condition of affairs, acted promptly,
and on Monday. . June IS. 1900, he communicated
with the Secretary of the Treasury, bo that
United States Surgeon General W'-man was Jl
rected to order a release of the State quaran
tine, which was done at once.
The paramount concern of the State of Cali
fornia for the sanitary, condition of the people
may -be observed from the great damage done
to ' the business and Industries of the State
through the recent false reports of the exlst
erce of plague. The merchants,' business men,
producers. >, manufacturers, farmers . and fruit
growers throughout the State who suffered ex
tremely on account of the. unreliable reports of
reckless persons concerning the appearance of
plague In the city of San Franclsc*. will agree
that there Is an Immediate necessity for «th«
passage of rigid laws giving within this State
Jurisdiction to the State Board of -Health over
all- local Boards of Health In the matter of
quarantine regulations, and the supervision and
direction over : nil' bubonic plague; cases- or
plague suspects. .The falsity of the ; report " of
EXTENSION OF POWERS
OF BO ABD OF HEALTH
"In the Christian era It Is not until the
sixth century that we find bubonic plague in
Europe. In E42 it spread over Egypt, and
passed to Constantinople, where It carried off
1P.000 persons in one day, and in the same cen
tury appeared in Italy, and extended also along
the northern coast of Africa. It prevailed In
England In the seventh century. In the four
teenth century it was Introduced from the East
and . prevailed throughout Armenia, Asia
Minor, Egypt, Northern Africa and nearly the
whole of Europe. Hecker calculates that one
fourth the population of Europe, or 25.000,000
persons, died in all of the epidemics in the
fourteenth century. It was In this century that
the first .measures were taken to check the
spread of the plague, Venice appointing In 1348
three guardians of the public health for this
purpose. In the fifteenth century It recurred
frequently in nearly all parts of Europe, in
one year (1466) the mortality reaching 40,000.
The first quarantine establishment was found
ed in this century, namely, at Venice, In 1403,
on a small Island adjoining the city. The six
teenth century waa not more free from plague
than the fifteenth. In 1572 50,000 died at Lyons.
In 1576 Venice lost 70.000. In the seventeenth
century it still prevailed In Europe, though
less widely than In the middle ages. In 1656
one of the most destructive of all recorded epi
demics raged at Naples. It is said to have
curried off 300,000 lti a period of five months.
The great plague of London was In 1664 and
1B65. The total number of deaths in 1S65, ac
cording to the bills of mortality, was 6S.&?6 in
an estimated population of 460,000. out of whom
two-thirds are supposed to have fled to escape
contagion. In the eighteenth century it pre
vailed extensively In Europe, the most notable
epidemic being In Marseilles (1720). when irom
40,000 to 60,000 persons were carried off. In
1721 it appeared at Toulon and spread over
Provence, and out of a population of 230,000 per
sons S7.6.-.9 are said 'o have died. Sicily was
visited In 1743. namely, at Messina, when the
mortality waa between 40,000 and 60,000. In
1771 It broke out In Moscow, and more than
60.000 persons, nearly one-quarter of the popu
lation, were carried off."
Again on page • 6 of the pamphlet. Dr. Wy
nian. speaking of the appearance of the plague
subsequent to 1S93, observes:
"Through the channels as detailed above has
resulted an epidemic outbreak which in Bom
bay (presidency) alone has resulted In 2:0,907
cases, with the enormous mortality of 164.053:
li Hongkong 1600 cases. with 1541 deaths;
Amoy, within a limited period. 540 deaths; Cal
cutta, approximately, *50ft deaths, and in For
mosa. 2458 cases, with 1666 deaths."
That danger may result from the use of the
plague bacilli In scientific experiments Is evi
denced by the comment of Dr. Wyman upon
the Austrian casrs, where he says: "Cases in
Vienna, resulting from accidental Inoculation
while studying the disease in one of the lab'ora
tcrles, were controlled, and were limited to the
two original victims and a physician and a
nurse who administered to them. The same
may be recorded of a case Introduced Into
Trieste, Austria."
The importation and possession of such deadly
germs Is, therefor- fraught "irlth danger to the
people, and should be prohibited by law. Who
can tell what an unscrupulous or negligent
man, sclentlflo or otherwise, might not do
while possessing plague bacilli, and knowing
how to use the same? Why. should not the
people be protected against the Importation by
scientific men of these dangerous microbes,
as well as to be guarded by quarantine regula
tions against the victims of the disease T Con
vinced, as I am. that the actions of these per
son* who, during the recent plague scare, car
ried about with them these deadly) Imported
bacilli, were full of recklessness If not border-
Ing on criminal lines, I now urge that vigorous
laws be passed so as to prevent such actions in
the future. I recommend the passage of laws
carefully drawn relating to this subject In
substance as follows: -.
First That It be made ¦ a felony punishable
with an extreme 'penalty of life Imprisonment
for any person, for any purpose, to Import or
bring or cause to be imported or brought into
this State or to have in his possession within
this State without the written authority of th»
State Board of Health, approved by the Exec
utive any plague bacilli or plague cultures or
plague slides, and also that attempts to ac
complish tho same purpose be 1 made punish
able as ordlnarv felonies. _
Second— That It be made n felony punishable
with an extreme penalty of life imprisonment
for any person for any purpose, within this
State, to develop bubonic plague cultures or to
make .cultured or, slides from any plague sub
ject o> so-called plague suspect, or to take
tissue, glands or lymph from any plague sub
ject or suspect, or to otherwise operate
upon the body of any plague ! subject, or
suspect or to inoculate any animal, bird or
insect with plague bacilli, except under the
punervlslon or with the written permission of
the State Board of Health and with the ap
proval of the Executive, and that any attempt
by any person to commit any of such acts with
out such direction, supervision and approval,
bs made punishable aa ordinary felonies.
- • ' " " " ' #
SCENE IN THE SENATE CHAMBER DURING THE READING OP THE FIRST RESOLUTION OF THE THIRTY
FOURTH SESSION. MANY OF THE MEMBERS WERE ACCOMPANIED BY THEIR WIVES, WHO HAD BEEN
GRANTED THE PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR. ' " :
"First — That no ran In Ban Francisco or
Calltornia has been diagnosed as bubonic
plague by any attendirs physician while the
"His Excellency John Hay. Secretary of
State, Washington. D. C— Sir: In reply to
your telegram of date May 31. I have the honor
to report : -. ¦ .
I thereupon transmitted to his Excellency
John Hay the following dispatch, which was
signed and concurred in by the distinguished
medical authorities and by the prominent cit
izens whc«e names appear below, to •wit:
. . "SAN FRA.VCISCO, June 13, 1900.
Thereafter, upon the 13th of June, 1900, my
labors occupying weeks were completed, the
different medical views maturely considered,
and I was satisfied beyond all reasonable doubt
that the bubonic plague had not been in the
Chinese quarter of Sin Francisco nor In any
other part of the city, nor In any part of the
State. \
On May 31. 1900, while In San Francisco con
ducting such Investigation. I received a dis
patch from his Excellency John Hay, Secretary
of State, at Washington, inquiring If the plague
really existed, and requesting me to report at
ah early opportunity. I - replied immediately
that I was then investigating the matter anl
would report as quickly as possible.
During the oourse of these events a few sen
sational newspaper organs, like carrion birds,
scented -the subject and boldly espoused the
cause of the plague creators, publishing dally
sensational accounts of suspected cases and
declaring them to be cases of plague. . In the
latter part of May and until about the middle
of June I e^ent some weeks In San Francisco,
ably assisted by Hon. Daniel Kevane, secre
tary of the Board of Examiners, and also by
mopt eminent local physicians and bacteriolo
frirts. as •well as by distinguished and level
mlnded citizen*, lrr a careful, fair and full ex
amination of the matter. After a most impar
tial examination, tn which I sought to be ap
prised of every fact from reliable sources which
would tend to throw light upon the subject. I
finally became convinced beyond doubt that the
bubonic plague did not cixlst and had not ex
isted, notwithstanding the alarming reports to
the contrary.
Could it have been possible that some dead
body of a Chinaman had innocently or other
wlt"> received a post mortem Inoculation in a
lymphatic region by some one possessing the.
imported plague bacilli, and that honest people
were thereby deluded?
Efforts were made by the said city officers to
remove the Chines* from their quarters In San
Francisco to Mission Rock, and the Chinese
Consul of Ban Francisco communicated this
attempted violation of the treaty rights to the
United Btates Secretary of Etate through the
Chinese Minister at Washington.
The- year 1900 began most prosperously for the
people of this State, -with the adjustment of the
•JTalrs of the different Islands won by Ameri
can valor and diplomacy from the kingdom of
Spain. The rains of the preceding winter had
allowed our farmers and fruit growers to gar
ner full crops, and the merchant and manufac
turer, owing to the free communication with
the Philippines, exhibited business activity, and
a mest profitable harvest was presaged for the
people of the State. At this most favorable
juncture for our people a fearful shadow was
cast upon our State through the recklessness
cf certain city officials of Ban Francisco, as
fclsted by a Federal officer, one Dr. Klnyoun.
Intimations were thrown out In the months
of March and April laet that the dreadful bu
bonic plague existed In the Chinese quarter of
San Francisco. Secret consultations and al
leged Investigations were had by said city of
ficials, in conjunction with the said Federal
quarantine officer, and the result of euch al
leged investigations was that the Surgeon Gen
eral of the United States Marine Hospital at
Washington was informed by some of these ill
advised persons that the terrible plague was
epidemlo in the city of Ban Francisco. There
tofore cultures and slides containing genuine
plague bacilli were Imported Into the State.
and such cultures and slides were carried by
certain physicians and others In their pockets
while rlolng In cars and stopping at hotels and
other public places.
"BUBONIC" XINYOTJN'S
COURSE DENOUNCED
«) that net will expire In May next year <19O2).
A convention concerning the subject of em
ipration between the United States of America
»nd th? emj-lre of China was concluded and
Figned l>y the respective plenipotentiaries at
the city of Washington on March 17, 1S94,
end ratifications exchanged at the same city
on December 7. 1894, by the terms of which
convention, among other things, China agreed
t<> the exclusion from the United States of
further Chinese laborers, and also assented in
direct terms to the enforcement of the pro
visions of the act of Congress of May 5, 1S92,
as amended by an act approved November 3,
1S?3. By article VI of this convention it Is
provided ae follows: "This convention shall
remain in force for a period of ten years be
ginning with the date of the exchange of rati
fications, ar.d if 6ix iiionths before the ex
piration cf said period of ten years neither
Government shall have formally given notice
cf its final termination to the other it shall
remain In full force for another like period of
ten years."
It v.iil be perceived from the above language
of article VI that the convention Is terminable
by either of the nations provided six months
notice be given before the expiration of ten
years, so that In December, 1S<H, there Is a
pofsibllity of this convention being terminated
by the action of China. *5ut there Is another
feature of the convention which may require
action on the part of the United States be
fore the expiration of the period limfted which
might require a revision of Its terms.
Article I of the said convention reads as fol
lows: "The high contracting parties agree that
for a period of ten years, beginning with the
date of the exchange of ratifications of this
convention, the coming, except under the con
ditions hereinafter specified, of Chinese labor
ers to the United States 6hall be absolutely pro
hibited."
Since December 7, 1S94, the date of the ex
change of ratifications, we have acquired addi
tional territory, both by annexation and war.
Questions of the rights and privileges of sub
jects of China while In the Philippines and the
other Islands acquired from Spain may arise
and contentions by the Chinese diplomats are
possible that Inasmuch as the contracting par
ties had not in view future territory conquered
or acquired by the United States of America,
but only the United States as then bounded and
known, and that when the United States ae-
Eumed the sovereignty which Spain abdicated
in its favor, this republic took that territory
subject to the obligations which Spain owed
to the empire of China. Whether this possible
pie* be epecious or not. It at least mipht pave
the way for International discussion. To ..avoid
all <tue*tions. therefore, acts of Congress are
necessary to be passed In order to afford pro
tection to American labor, and the convention
with China should be so revised as to cover be
yond all question every part of the territory of
the United States.
The peril from Chinese labor finds a similar
danger In the unrestricted Importation of Jap
anese laborers. The cheapness of that labor is
likewise a menace to American labor, and a
new treaty with Japan for euch restriction as
well as the passage of laws by Congress Is
desired for the protection of Americans.
I therefore most earnestly appeal to your
honorable bodies for the passage a» a matter
of urgency of appropriate resolutions instruct
ing our Senators andr requesting our Represen
tatives In Congress for the immediate institu
tion of all proper measures leading to the re
vision of the existing treaties with China and
Japan and the passage of all necessary laws
and resolutions for the protection of American
labor against the immigration of Oriental la
borers.
I suggest therefore that It should be declared
a felony for any person or corporation to pub
lish or procure to be published within this
State any false report cf the presence of bu
bonic plague within this State, and that it be
likewise declared a felony for any person or
corporation within this State to publish or pro
cure to be published without this State the
existence within this State of bubonic plague
The reputation for public health is a fnn«t
valuable right of the Htate and of tta peoDle '
That reputation of the State for health should
not be destroyed nor the business nor Indus
tries- of. its citizens Interrupted nor impaired
through. the malicious pen of a scribbler writ
ing either for profit or sensation.
Reputation for public health Is connected
closely with public safety and -with the en
Joyment by the citizens, of their private urot>
erty and the care and maintenance of thit
public health is within the sovereign now.™
of the State. • powers
The passage of such laws will not bfe re
pressive of -the liberty of the press.
We have a law now on our statute books en
titled "An act to protect stockholders and per
sons dealing with corporations in this State"
(approved March 20, 1878,), declaring as a fel
ony the making and publication of fals» re
ports respecting the value of stocks sold in
the market. Such a 'vrong, puntnhable under
such act. only- affects a limited number of In
dividuals, while the circulation and publication
of false reports resp«.?t!njr the public health
tends to the destruction of all the interests of
all the people of the State.
The recent false press reports respecting the
existence of bubonic plafrue within this state
stopped for a time travel to this State and
ruined Mich property of. our citizens and Im
periled our Industries, and immediate legisla
tion Is needed to prevent a recurrence of these
vicious publications.'
It Is an extremely regrettable fact that the
Injury to the business and industries of the
Etate was largely Increased through false and
senaatlonal pictures and writings of a very
few newspaper organs, managed and edited by
those who certainly had not at heart the wel
fare of the State above their own selfish In
terests. The circulation of such untrustworthy
publications disseminated the plague scare
broadcast and wrought much of the Injury
which the people of the State have sustained.
No Btate should permit such an outrage to
be committed against its citizens by any man,
eet of men or corporation. I believe In a free
but not in a licentious press. I believe In just
public criticism by th9 press of public officers
and In proper and just warnings by tha press
of public and prtvate dangers, whether from
disease or otherwise. I would not devtre. were
It possible under our constitution and laws,
fcr a censorship to bo established over the
press notwithstanding some abuses. I atn
however, . firmly of the opinion that legislation
Is necessary to protect the people in the con
duct of their business and the sale of their
products and commodities. Such acts, causing
great wro»gs to the State by an individual or
a cori>oratlon. should l.e declared crUnlnal and
severe punishment shouM be meted out to such
offenders.
PROPOSED LEGISLATION
AGAINST FALSE REPORTS
I recommend that all appropriate laws to
protect the State from this dread disease should
be enacted.
I recommend that it be made the duty cf
the State Board of Health, upon receiving such
report, to Immediately Investigate or take
charge of such case, or depute or authorize
some physician to lriysstlgate and take charge
of such case, and In the event of death that
a member of said Stare Board of Health or
physician delegated by said board be present
at the autopsy. Upon the verification by the
State Board of Health of any case of reported
plague It should be marie tha duty of such
State Board of Health to imrrtedlately notify
all local boards of health in the Sta^ and also
notify by telegraph the United States Treasury
Department at Washington • and the State
beards of health of all the States of the Union.
I recommend further that it be made the
duty of every city, county and State officer,
phyMclan or other person having knowledge of
the existence of any case of plague or sus
pected case of plague, within the State, to re
port the same at once to the State Board of
IK-alth or to the Sheriff or Coroner of the
county, and that It be made the duty of such
Sheriff or Coroner to Immediately report sucli
Information to the State Board of Health.
Refusal or neglect to perform such should,
in the case of physicians, city, county anl
State officers, be made punishable as ordinaty
felonies,. and In the case of other persons, such
refusal or neglect should be punishable aa a
I further recommend the passage of a law
preventing the landing at any of the State,
city and county, city or town bulkheads or
breakwaters of any vessel arriving from any
other State or from, a foreign country at any
port, sub-port or harbor of the State without
a certificate of health first obtained from the
paid State quarantine officer at the port of
San Francisco, or from the State Board of
Health, or from an officer duly authorized in
writing by the State Board of Health.
It might be well, perhaps, that an act bo
passed providing for the establishment of :i
laboratory for bacteriological and experimental
purposes, f&r the use of the State Board of
Health, and that an adequate appropriation be
made therefor.
In view of the fact that by reason of the
powers vested In the city Board of Health by
the charter of San Francisco, the legality of
the office of State quarantine officer to such
city under the ect has been disputed. I recom
mend that a law be passed repealing said act,
and creating the office of State quarantine
officer, to be vested with State quarantine
powers, and to perform his duties under the
supervision of the State Board of Health, such
officer to be stationed at the port of San
Francisco. I recomtaend a moderate appropria
tion for the payment of euch officer's services
and expenses. I further recommend that full
power be given the State Board of Health for
the establishment and enforcement of all rea
sonable rules and regulations lor a quarantine
of the State and Its waters.
the existence of plague In this State having
been made manifest to the Tresldent, who
caused the removal of the qu?.rantlne. Justi
fies the State ii» attributing lncompetency tu
the Federal quarantine officer stationed in this
btate. Even had the reports of that of fleer been
well founded, which they were not. it still
justifieg the State In assuming that It. was due
to that Federal officer's incompetency in fail-
Ing to properly quarantine the State that sus
pected caseB of plague were reported.
The time, therefore, has arrived for the
State to protect Its people, their business.. and
their Industries against reported bubonic
plague cases or plafrue. suspects. I recommend,
therefore, the extension of the powers and
duties of the State Board of Health so that
Its dignity may be rar»ed In proportion to its
Importance, and that the most eminent physi
cians may be proud of occupying a place in
the board, or acting under Its supervision and
direction. I recommend that in the matter
of bubonic plague cases or plague suspects, as
well as in all other dangerous, epidemic, con
tagious and infectious diseases, the State Board
of Health have for State purposes full control
and supervision of all county, city and county
city and town Boards of Health and medical
officers, with a right to demand at all times
a report from such boards and officers re
specting epidemic, contagious and Infectious
diseases^
I further recommend that a refusal or neg-»
lect by 6uch officers to so report to the State
Hoard of Health be- declared a felony, and
punishable as such.
The party, both national and State, which
has nominated the majority of your honorable
bodies, is pledged to the protection of Ameri
can labor, nnd I am Kittened that our great
I'reeident la wholly In fytnpathy with every
meaisure aod is determined to maintain Amer
ican labor at its high standard of rkill and
intelligence and to &*h1m In the making of all
treaties and the apprmal of laws which will
X'rotfct that Ipbor from foreign competition.
On M»y 6. 1«?2. net. of Congress entitled
"An act to prohibit the coming of Chinese per
p<-.p.» into the i:nii*d f tales" was approved",
which act v.-a*. in addition to previous acts of
fongreeB. Intended to nrn-e effectually exclude
the Immigration of Chinese Uboret-e. By the
tw-rr.« of this «ct the law Is continued In force
for the term of ten rears from its past age,
The peopl* of California from their experi
ence in the ra« and in view of their prominent
teaccast position with respect to the ports of
the Orient, have reason to dread the immigra
tion of Chinese and Japanese laborers into this
Ftate. a fear justly founded and shared In by
the American workmen cf other States. It Is
essential therefore that American labor shall
I* protected arainst competing Mongolian
labor. Our tariff laws, while protecting the
products of labor require as a supplement the
exclusion of Chinese and Japanese laborers.
The people at the last general election adopt
ed Assembly constitutional amendineST No. 6.
exempting Jrom taxation all buildings and real
1 roperty. upon which the same are slttfeted,
used exclusively for religious worship; also
Arecrr.bly co&Etitutlonal amendment No. 23. ex
empting frcm taxation the trusts and estates
created for the founding, endowment and main
tenance of the Iceland Stanford Junior Unl
%ertity: and further adopted Assembly consti
tutional amendment No. 14, exempting from
taxation sll property now or hereafter belong
ing to the California. Echoul cf Mechanical
Arts.
The exemption from taxation of so much
rrcperty will necessarily throw the burden
upon the remaining property now subject to
taxation; her.ee the Kta^e. rate of taxation wilj
:.>•.-:•.. r::> be somewhat 'higher unless tht
etnetert economy l>e exercised.
In order to prevent this increase in the Btatt
tax rate I most urgently appeal to you to exer
c:*<» such economy a« is compatible with tht
necessities ct each ca*e by preventing the pas
sage of excessive &4J}>ror<riatlons ajid of law»
creating unnecessary offices, with their lad
dental charge* against the State.
I would iikewise surest that the number
of employes in your honorable bodies be re
duced to a useful minimum, so that this L<eg
jFlature may surpass by its economy and
efficiency all previous Legislatures, not only
because it if your public duty so to do, but
bs we!! for thr- honor which It will bring hi
}ou all «• legislators and for the credit !i
•rill aTf>>rd to the parcy which has nominated
er.d elected a majorltv of your members upon
the pledge cf en economic and able adminis
tration.
1 beg leave to repeat my advice, which my
experience In office has confirmed, given In my
In&urural address, whert I used the following
liapilti
"Another mistake on the part oJ legislators
has been to make ail appropriations payable
immediately cut of tbs general fund Instead
cf authorizing such peyments to be made, as
they should be. et least six or ten months
thereafter cut of future revenue recelpta. Such
mistaken policy deplete* the treasury by adding
to the existing demands the amounts cf such
new appropriations. This is a grave financial
m-ror.g. By this Improper practice the money
In the general fund, which ought only to be
expended for the payment of justly accrued
demands, is diverted from its purpose, so that
a transfer of money from special funds is re
quired to make up the fiefldt. it being neces
fary afterward to reimburse such special funds
from the tajt receipts cf the next fiscal year.
This eyBtera !¦ not only unwise, but not war
ranted by good governmental policy. Each
fund should remain intact, to be devoted to
the special purposes authorized by law. The
Ftate. a> well as each department of It, should
live within Its actual means."
The revenues for the year 19C1 will not be
(Lvailable until after January J, 1S02, hence all
appropriations ether than those necessary for
the actual conduct of the State government,
whl^h are : r :;.lly etnbrae*>d In the reneral up
i-roprlatlcn net. BhouM be made payable out
This plan as suggested by me and adopted
ty the Legislature in V3i enabled the admln
•ntrttlo.1 to conduct the State affairs without
adortlng the raethod pursued by majiy of tny
predecessor* cf transferring money from special
funds to meet accrued demands against the
gfnei&l fund.
PROTECTION AGAINST
OKIENTAI. LABOKEBS
PRESENT NEED POB,
STRICTEST ECONOMY
The legislative power to appropriate and
expend the public money is a most solemn
tru«t. Thl« power, when prudently exercised.
Fives vitality to the Btate; but when that
power Is so used aa to result in extravagance
end waste, thereby burdening the people with
unnecessarily high tares, ruch mleuse of the
jower 1b the worst form of tyranny.
The wisdom of these observations cf that
eminent statesman will doubtlessly meet with
your ajT'rovaJ. In addition to the policy of
tvoidauce of over legislation, your constituents
are intensely interested In the prudent man
agement cf the 6tate'e Income.
Commeatlr.g upon the subject of over legis
lation, Alexander Hamilton. In one of the
run-.bers of the Federalist, wrote as follows:
••It pSecns the bleeslrg of liberty Itself. It
tnn b« cf little avail to the people that the
!a*>--« are maJe by men of their own choice.
If the laws be so voluminous that they cannot
be read, or eo Incoherent that they cannot bo
understood; if they be repealed or revised be
fore they axe promulgated, or undergo ouch
incessast changes that no man who knowa
what the law Is to-day can guees what It will
b* to-morrow. Law Is defined to be a rule of
action: but how ecu that be a rule which is
little known and less fixed."
Executive Department. J
State of California. )
SACRAMENTO. January 7, 1SC1.
To the Fenate and Assembly of the State of
rtiirorcia— Gentlemen: In presenting to your
honorable bodies the suggestions In this first
fcier.siul meesage of my administration, 1 am
most deeply rr.cved by my sense of public duty
«:id public responsibility.
"We all have in vlerr the public weal, tut aa
your powers are the highest and mest extensive
under the constitution. I confide in your- in
tfgrity tnd ability that when public duty
<1emar.d« I may receive from your honorable
bodies ready and responsive assistance.
Tre evil of an individual, as a general rule,
affects him clone, for his power of injuring
the few around h'.ia can be summarily re
strained; b-t the wrong of a bad law affects
the whole community, and its poison may
frread before discovery, and the injury may
Le irreparable, thnugh afterward annulled by
a &frc:s:un cf a court or repealed by an act of
a future Legislature.
Hence it Incomes your duty not to rely ujxm
the executive, with his limited assistance, for
& remedy by way of veto, but you should care
fully scrutinize each measure introduced, both
in committee and in the house. Tour famil
iarity n-ith the history of Mils and your op
portunity of hearing discussions thereon give
y O u an advantage for this purpose, over the
f-x*cutlve. Not should you rely exclusively
Vr°n the rnere reports of committees. It often
l-.appent that the hard worked members cf
en rr.nmtee» have little or n<5 opportunity for
a thorough exarainatlon cf aa obnoxious meas
ure, and or.ly approve it through courtesy, and
the house. In turn, relies upon the mere formal
trrroval of ruch committee.
My crrr.SiJer.ee !n the integrity of the repj-e
tentatives f elected by the people is euch that
I have never harbored a fear that any of the
*plenai'l representative bodies, of whateve
l>any. who -have met at this capital, would
conecioufly telrrate a wrong against the peo-
I'.e ct the Ftate.
It le. however, a significant fact that where
mary able ar.d honorable men meet as legis
lators, having necessarily variant views as to
prudence s.nd economy in the expenditure cf
rutiic money, compromise* and trades are
made, resulting in unconscious extraVagance
ti-.rcugh excessive arrrorriatiens.
Experience in office since my Inauguration
ha* confirmed the view which I then t<vk with
T'-rpect to legislative trading, and I beg leave
o rcj>est the following words from my ln
aurural aSdrers:
"In the heat of legislative business afrree
rr.er.ts have been made with fellow legislators
having other measures tn be passed, by which
«Ote* have beta exchanged, an-i thereby ev
r««iTP appropriations have pa*6ed both houses.
C*a account of this pystem of bartering In
votes, and the facility with wnlch large appro
frictions have been obtained, tie officers of
the«e jrub!ic Institutions have become reckless
pnd prodigal In the expenditure of public
rscney."
I ng&ia advise agalsst «uch legislative trad
\Vfcile you are aesemMed. among other things.
for the purpone of legislating and providing
tppropriations for the maintenance of the sev
eral institutions of the State, the people de
mand that the law-making power be exercised
with ctrt-uiaapection and economy: hence over
legislation U ac evil In this regard, as well
fcs direct waste in the expenditure of tne State's
fucfle.
message. The doc
ument treats of the present
condition of State institutions
and makes numerous recom
mendations for the enact
ment of laws. It isas follows:
SACRAMENTO, Jan.
8. — Governor Gage
to-day transmitted
to the Legislature
his first biennial
"The next Important work to b« taken up | s 
"First—The removal of the floating dry doele'
to Central Basin, near the Arctlo Oil Works'
and making additional wharf room at the presl
"These contracts are the largest ever en
tered into at any one time for wharf construc
tion by the B*jurd of State Harbor Commission
ers, and the Improvements embraced: therein
will add greatly to the port accommodations,:
and in a very marked degree relieve the ship
ping congestion experienced during the pa»t
year.
"The«e new wharves will be built aa per
manent as scientific skill will permit, and will
have a loading capacity of SOO pounds to the
square foot. This, In comparison with the or
dinary pile wharves upon our water front, the*
capacity of which Is reckoned at 10O pounds
to the square foot, affords convinalng proof of,
their stability. Each of these new wharves!
will cost as much again as a pile wharf; but
built aa they will be on permanent lines. th«
cost of maintenance will be reduced, aside from
the fact that their capacity will be so much
greater.
"The Inauguration of these improvements was
made possible By the enabling legislation of the
extra session. No such extensive work could
bave been projected without It. Extensive ai
Is the work alluded to. -the enabling legislation
will permit this board to prosecute other work
of corresponding Importance to oua shipping
industry, and In fact make It possible to pro
vide all accommodations the volume of the
commerce of this port will require without Is
suance of bonds or a tax upon the people of
the State. MPW4MMMB
Sine* the filing by th» State Harbor Commis
sioners of their biennial report. In which they
have set forth the advantages to the harbor c'.
Pan Franclyco from the amendments pa«3?l
at the- extra session, I have received the follow-
In? supplementary report, from whi^h w* m.*v
predict that tfc« commercial future of tha
«tate Is now firmly assured. I beg l»av» tr»
Include in this messase the supplementary re
port of the Harbor Commissioners, aa follow*:
"Board of State Harbor Commissioners, Of
fice Union Depot and Kerry house, fan Fran
cisco. Cal.. December 17. 1X0.
Supplementary Report.
••Hon Henry T. Gage. Governor of Califor
nia. Sacramento. Cal.— Sir: In the blennli!
report of this commission for the two fiscal
years ending June 30. 190o, and forwarded to
you some time ago. the subject of port facili
ties In this harbor was referred to at some
length. Legislation enacted at the extra ses
sion of the Legislature relating to the powers
and duties of this beard was taken un therein
In detail and an outline of the Increased port
accommodations contemplated mapped out.
Since this biennial report was forwarded and
on November 23. 1900. the board, under the au
; thorlty conferred by the law as amended at
the extra session, awarded contracts for the
construction of four new whanres and two car
ferry slips. ¦ ¦ MfliJWii
•The aggregate amount of these contracts to
J326,847.,_and the terms of the contracts whlcij
have I fin entered Into provide for the payment
of 29 v*r cent of contract price on completing
of the work and sixteen quarterly payment*
thereafter of 5 per cent each. There is also a
stipulation that should the board determine tc
pay before maturity, then a deduction shall
be made at the rate of 5 per cent per annum.
The contract* awarded do not Include the fur
nishing of cement, wharf shads and driveways,
nor preservation of plies for the car ferry
slips to protect them from the ravages of ma
rine pests. With these additions the structures
will cost about }435,CC0.
harb6r coionssioirERS'
SUPPLEMENTARY REPORT
In January, iroo, after veTy Mature consld
eratic n of the many reasons then existing fcr
reconvening the Legislature, I called an ex
traordinary .«ession.
The legislators, actuated by patriotic mo
tives, vied with each other in rapid, efficient
and economic work.
Among other principal matters for which th-i
legislature was convened was to pass enahlin.:
laws in aid of the State Harbor Commissurn
ers of San Francisco by amending section^
2.">24 and 2327 of the Political Code of this Stau.
As section 2J24 previously stood, the lensrth ¦ •'
wharves at San Francisco could not escee I
six hundred feet from the bulkhead line. ai..t
this limitation was not adanted to the tare
modern ships arriving in the harbor. Th*
wharfage facilities of San Franc. sco were in
sufficient to accommodate the great number <?
vessels already in port in M3», and. as th? year
1300 promised a great increase in shipping, it
became a matter of necessity to provide in ad
vance for that emergency.
Many merchants and commercial associa
tions of San Francisco, iiaving the interests •¦'.
the State aa well as that city at heart. Viewed
with alarm the limited harbor accommodation*
to meet the constantly increasing demand Of
the shipping Interests of that great and nour
ishing city, and urged me to call an extra ses
sion of the Legislature To afford relief in lr-*
premise*. Among 1 them, the Narth Central Im
provement Association of San Francisco, com
poeed of active business men of advanced views
upon the subject of the commercial needs M
the State, addressed to me a strong petition
signed by numerous enerzetle and public-spir
ited citizens, requesting an extraordinary sta
tion, in order to afford lhe much-needed relief,
while the State Harbor Commissioners (a ».i-
Jority of whom are Democratic), together witJi
my able and distlnguisafed Democratic prede
cessor. Hon. James H. Budd. filed a petition
on December 13. 1833. for an extraordinary sec
tion stating the Immediate necessity of amend
ing said sections 2521 and 2527 of the Political
Code. In order to accommodate tha Increased
tonnage arriving at the port.
The Legislature in the extra session of 1300
passed tha principal measures for the relief
of the harbor of San Francisco recommended
In my proclamation, so that under the present
law with tha approval of the Federal authori
ties. State wharves and piers may now extend
cut a distance of about eight hundred feet from
the bulkhead line, which, when completed, will
accommodate the largest ships afloat. The
Board of State Harbor Commissioners, after
the passage of the law, prepared a contour map
for the establishment of a new harbor pier
head line which was by me forwarded to- tha
United States War Decartment at Washing
ton with the request that the new extended
pierhead line be established in place of tha:
previously existing. ThU request was referred
to a board of United States army engineers,
which board recently met in San Francisco,
and, after due advertisement, made a favorable
report to the War Department.
Upon th* 10th day of December. 1300. I re
ceived official notice that the Honorable ih*
Secretary of War had ai>croved an! confirm* 1
the extension of the piernead line Into the bav
of Saa Francisco from Von Ness avenue It
Folsom street.
By the amendment t.> section 2-27 of the Po
litical Code aUo passed at the said extra ses
sion the Board of Harbor Commissioners, in
stead of being limited for the purpose of Im
provements to the u?e of their revenue for om
year In advance, as was the case previous t >
the amendment of lVW. "re now enabled to en
ter into contracts of leases for a. period n >t
exceeding five years after competitive bid-i.
whereby the lessees sh.au undertake the con
struction of new wharves, bulkheads or break
waters the rents therefrom to be applied In
whole or in part payment for the cost of >y,n
rtructlon. discretion resting in the State Har
bor Commissioners to provide in tr.9
contracts with the lessees that tha
rents from such wharves, bulkhead? or
breakwaters shall be appMed upen such con
tracts or the work to be paid fcr in who!? .-r
in part from such rents an.1 revenues, ** ma/
be deemed best by said commissioners. By th.s
amendment the State Harbor Commissioners
may continually improve the harbor, without
asking the I-egislature to appropriate a sins! a
dollar toward the «yk, the. plan, in tha
amendment, being wh*ly aelf-supportfn?.
Tne State Harbor Commissioners have report
ed that s'.nce the said extra session they hart
made contracts for Improvements of the har
bor aggregating In amount $r>42.«0 *X and it
which sum J~2S.S47 will be arpiied to the con
struction of four modern, substantial wharves
and two car ferry slips.
With theae grand harbor Improvements and
other probable improvements under th* ?am;
plan to meet our fast rrowins commerce, wa
need' not fear in the future competition fro'ii
the ports of Oregon and Wash'.nst'>n nor fro-n
the East, upon the opening of an isthmian
canal. '
IMPROVEMENT OF SAN
FRANCISCO'S HARBOR
Judge Cooler, in h!s admirable work on con
stitutional limitations, thus defines that liberty,
page US (sixth edition):
"Th* constitutional liberty of speech and of
the pre^s. an we under3tand It. Implies a right
to freely utter and publish whatever the citizen
may please, and to b* protected agatnst any
responsibility for so doing, exrept so far an
such publications, from their blasphemy, ob
scenity or scandalous character, may be &
public offense, or as by their falsehood and
malice they may injuriously affect the staniU
lr.g, reputation or pecuniary interests of In
dividual.". Or. to slat? the same thing la
somewhat different words, we understand lib
erty of speech and oftt-.c press to imply not
only liberty to publish, but complete Immunity
frcm legal censure and punishment for the
publication, so long as It is not harmful in
Its character, ¦when tested by such standard*
as the law afford*. For these standards mm
nut; look to the cwvmon law rules which
were In force when the constitutional guaran
ties were established and in reference to which
they have been adopted."
Again the same learned author. • on page*
SIS and S17 of the sin* work, thus expresses
the law: "It is conceded on all sJBes that the
common law rules thai subjected the Hbeler to
responsibility for the private injury, or the
public scandal or disorder occasioned by hla
conduct, are not abolished by the protection
extended to the press In our constitutions."
The common law afforded full protection
against malicious and seditious libels and pub
lications, and wher<» the public health and
public safety In liable to be assailed by evil
¦ nd designing persons laws should be passe, l
for the protection of th» people in this r»i?ar<1.
The people cannot permit their business an. I
industries to be checki-d. Injured or destroyed
at the mere whim and caprice of a private
person or private corporation conducting » a
newspaper, which Is capable of dissemlnatlns
far and wide malicious or false reports re
specting the condition of the public health of
the State.
GOVERNOR GAGE'S BIENNIAL MESSAGE TO THE LEGISLATURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIit, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
2CARTOONIST WARREN'S SNAPSHOTS OF FAMILIAR FIGURES AT THE CAPITAL.
At the extra session of 1900 I asked the Legis
lature for ,the power of removal In cases of
malversation In office, which my predecessor
had likewise requested. In order that such
abuses might be rectified; but the Legislature
then deemed It unwise to vest in the executive
of this State such power, although much
greater power In respect to such matters ha*
been eranted to the Mayor of San Francisco
and the Mayors of other cities in this State.
In the management of the State Board of
Pharmacy and the State Board of Dental Ex
aminers scandals have been bruited, and ap*
peals made to me for redress; but Inasmuch
as I am deprived of all power in the premise?
such npiwals are both Idle and useless. As
a result of these scandals, the said boards
are In a lamentable condition, and their ef
ficiency is practically destroyed.
The members of these boards (with one ex
ception In the State Dental Board) were ap
pointed'prior to my Induction Into office. '
Now It must be remembered, owing to the
exceedingly limited powers of the Governor,
that neither my own appointees nor those of
my predecessors holding for terms are subject
to removal or change.
SCANDAXS OT BENTAI.
AND PHARMACY BOARDS
In view of the recent report before you of the
former management It Is unnecessary at this
time to detail the work heretofore done in this
Important reform school.
All State institutions appear to bo efficiently
and satisfactorily managed, with a few excep
tions where the control and supervision Is not
vested in this administration.
laws valid tests and conditions. In view of the
clearly expressed 'will of the people It becomes
yvur duty unc'.er \he said constitutional amend
ment to pass reasonable laws for the conduct
of primary elections, but it must be remem
bered that the State Is not absolute, so that
care should be taken that such legislation may
not contravene any of the provisions or the
United States constitution or of the Federal
laws, and such laws providing for primary
elections should be the least complex and as
inexpensive in character as is consistent with
the rights and privileges of electors.
The report of the board of trustees of the
Whlttler State School has been printed as re
quired by law and I beg leave to refer you to
a copy .of said report for the details of the pres
ent management.
Since the adjournment of the thirty-third reg
ular session, namely, on the 16th day of June.
1S99, the refectory building of the Whlttler
State School was accidentally destroyed by
fire. As none of the State Institutions except
the university and the State Printing Office are
permitted to carry Insurance, and as no part
of any money appropriated for the maintenance
of the school could, under the law, be applied
for. the reconstruction of "the burned buildings,
great inconvenience has hampered the man
agement. It Is now necessary that contracts be
let for the Immediate rebuilding of the dining
room and kitchen, and I recommend that a law
be passed appropriating a sum not to exceed
$15,000 for that purpose, which said appropria
tion should be made at once available.
1 he former superintendent. Mr. Hlrshberg.
of the lone School of Industry recently tendered
his resignation and on the 7th day of December,
1900, a strong petition having been presented
recommending Rev. C. B. Rlddlck of Alameda
County for the vacant place, the board of trus
tees, I am pleased to note, selected this most
accomplished and competent gentleman.
W. Kyle be employed one week to assist
the Chief Clerk, with the per diem al
lowance equal to that of the Chief Clerk,
aroused some opposition. Laird and Kin
caid objected with some vehemence, bpt
the measure ca. ried by a vote of 68 to IS.
Kelley introduced a resolution appoint
ing the following employes of the house at
the per diem named:
James Oliver. H. S. Wanzer, Clark Albert!,
L.- A. HUborn, assistant clerks, $€; Jamet
Meredith, assistant sergeant-at-arms, $5; F.
McNamara. clerk to serjeant-at-arms, $5; I.
"Werthelmer, bookkeeper to eergeant-at-arms,
$3; Amos Broughton, Thomas K. Carr, assist
ant minute clerks, $6; R, L. Dempsey, journal
clerk. -J8; J. Lucy, assistant journal clerk, $6;
tt. F. Stlnson, engrossing and enrolling clerk.
#>; J. Kueater, Stanley Moorhead, assistant
engrossing and enrolling clerks, $5; John Mott,
file clerk. $6; James Brady, bill filer, $4; C.
F. Rednall. bill filer, |4; A. C. Jennings, bill
flier, »4; J. P. Fay, bill flier. J4; Roy C. P.
Wilson, chaplain, $4; Ida Thomas, postmistress,
f4; Alice Burns, assistant postmistress, S3; L.
Brady, mall carrier $3; Eddie Roder, W. J.
Evatt Jr., Emma Rhoades, James Hourlsan.
Allen W. Hasson. F. J. Swears, pages, $2 50;
Charles Flek, Thomas P. Stewart, Fred Pierce,
gatekeepers, $3; A. Davis, doorkeeper, W; "Wil
liam Barry, gallery doorkeeper, $3; Robert O.
Smith, messenger to State printer, S3; Percy
Height, history clerk. *6; Rolla Fuller^ bill
clerk, $4; Walter Robertson, J. Breen, P. B.
Grant, F. T. Bartlett. assistant bill clerks, $4;
Robert Crowley, John Daley, E. ' Clark, Charles
Kllnkner, W. , B. Reynolds H. Tombe, A.
Johnson. J. C. Bates Jr., Frank Storrer, . W.
F.' Eschbaeher, M. Garibaldi,- J. . S. Chambers.
W. -8. Hlckmann, T. Bassety, committee clerks,
$4; Joseph Myrlck, Ed Skelly, E. J. Shay, W.
A. Brown, E. M. Treadwell, B. S. Wallln, C.
U'Seavey, Edwin Hnhn. Hiram Hopkins, D. M.
Noble, * David : Creamer. J. M. Magee. Thomas
Kendrlck, committee clerks, $4; E. J.' Dwyer,
William Zambrtskl, • committee clerks, $6; A.
D. Shaw. S. H. Garrett, H. F. Bridges, Her
man de Laguna, L>. O'Neill, stenographers, $5;
George Ashley, George Brown. B. R. McDonald.
'J.- H. Howell, McClellan. porters. $3; Wil
liam Blakeley, Cornelius Gould. John , Castro,
watchmen, $3; F. J. Sweeney, sergeant-at-arms
to Judiciary committee, J3; George P. Merritt,
eergeant-at-arms to ways and means commit
tee, $3; Fred 'Moesch, electrician. J4; James
Connell, elevator attendant. $3. :
The following bills were introduced:
Assembly bill 1— Appropriating $500 to pay
mileage and per diem of the Presidential , elec
tors. - '••: -~- ; ' ' ' '.'-*- '.'¦ .
;¦ Assembly, bill 2— Transferring $50,000 from the
general fund to the State printing fund to de
fray the expenses of legislative printing.
Among the resolutions passed to-day
was one introduced oy Cutter requesting
the President to remove Dr. Kin you n
from the quarantine service on this coast.
It will be rushed through both houses and
telegraphed on as quickly as possible.
Another resolution, appointed forty-one
more attaches, •which, with the forty-nine
appointed yesterday, makes ninety eni
plovps to look out for the Senate. There
are* forty members of the Senate. Com
mittee clerks for thiitv-four committees
and stenographers in proportion are still
to come. The 516 a day will go a long
distance, but it will all bo taken up before
the week is o\-er.
Caldwell's resolution on the quarantin
ing of Mexican fruit and trees, presented
to-day, will be rushed through. It re
quests Congress to pass House bill OC.
which provides for the quarantining, and
to do any good it must be passed and
sent East without delay. Both that and
the resolution regarding Kinyoun were
referred to the Committee on Federal Re
lations, yet to be appointed.
The matter of chairmanships is receiv
ing more attention than during the first
days of the session. Tvrrell of Nevada is
plated for Mines and Mining: Lardner for
Education and Public Morals; Belsbaw
The Senate convened at 2 o'clock, adopt
ed a few resolutions and then, when Pres
ident Pro Tern. Flint called for further
business. Leavitt waited for a response,
end. hearing none, moved to adjourn un
til 2 o'ciock to-morrow. He did not think
of the message and neither did any one
else, and in another minute the Senators
¦were leaving the chamber. When the Gov
ernor's private secretary arrived he found
the Senate adjourned, so he carried the
message back to the Governor's office.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 8.— The short session of the
Senate to-day was noticeable principally
because of the sensational character of
Its adjournment, although It was not un
til some time after the session closed that
Jt was kr.own Just how interesting the ad
journrnetnt was. It came Just in time to
have the Senators who were flocking from
the Senate chamber mtet the Governor's
private secretary as hh was bringing the
Governor's message upstairs forjiresenta
tion to the Seriate.
Speaker Pendleton evidently feared that
the Governor would not relish such un
ceremonious treatment | of his message,
and, to gain time, he said Anderson's mo
tion.must be reduced to writing. While
Anderson was writing -it out Pendleton
called Johnson to the chair and told him
his fears. Johnson hurried back, to An
derson, asking the chief clerk to defer
for a moment the; reading of Anderson's
motion, and after -consulting the ex-
Treadwell of San Francisco moved that
the reading' of the message be dispensed
with, and that it be ordered printed in
the Journal. Speaker Pendleton , showed
his desire that such action should not
be taken, and Treadwell withdrew his mo
tion and moved that the message bo
heard. Tho reading, had just begun when
Alden Anderson interrupted to movo that
the reading be dispensed with, and that
600 copies of the i message be printed In
the ' Journal. Johnson suggested 1000
copies. • >v'-'-t-
The committee, consisting of Anderson,
Ralston and James, appointed to inform
the Governor that the Assembly had com
pleted its organization and awaited his
communication, reported that the Gover
nor was ready to send in his message at
once. Private Secretary Foley, who had
waited at the door of the Senate Cham
ber with the voluminous message until
the more dignified house of the Legisla
ture adjourned, took no chances with the
Assembly, and presented himself in the
middle aisle at once .with the message,
which he delivered to the chief clerk.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 8.— The Assembly took an
other step to-day toward the perfection
of its organization by the appointment of
ninety-seven attaches, according to the
distribution made by the committee of the
Republican caucus. The Governor's mes
sage was received late in the afternoon,
and after an awkward byplay between
the Sneaker and several members it was
wardea off without being read, the As
sembly being content to wait for its ap
pearance to-morrow in the Journal.
There remains $72 patronage per day
yet to be distributed and a further report
of the patronage committee will be made
to the caucus to-morrow morning. ; .
Those of the newly appointed attaches
who were present were ordered to present
themselves at ; the bar of the Assembly
to be sworn In, and instantly there was a
stampede toward the front. From , every
part of the Assembly chamber men, wo
men- and boys who for the next sixty
days, more or less, will do llttleworkfor
liberal pay. crowded forward to "take the
oath required . of thc-m.
; Milice offered a' resolution urging Con
gress to pass the bill now pending which
establishes a national -quarantine against
fruit diseases and insect pests, and want
ed ! it passed immediately. The Speaker
ruled that It would , have to take the
course of a bill and referred It* to the
Committee on ; Hospitals. Health and
Quarantine. ' - "
A resolution offered by Johnson that C.
Speaker, he announced to Pendleton that
Governor Gage had expressed indifference
as to whether the message was read. The
Speaker still seemed reluctant to have the
motion carried, but he put it to a vote
and it was carried unanimously.
The work of the caucus committee had
not been completed in time for the caucus
at 1 o'clock, although, the committee had
worked at a night session until 2 o'clock
this morning and had begun again at 10
o'clock, struggling with the conflicting
patronage claims of members. In conse
quence there was little business to be
done when the Assembly convened at 2
o'clock. At 2:30 o'clock a recess was
taken to permit the completion of the
patronage apportionment.
The Assembly was called to order again
shortly after 3 o'clock and Mellck Intro
duced the resolution providing for the ap
pointment of attaches as agreed upon by
the committee. When the roll call for the
voto began It looked for a moment as if
there would be opposition from the Dem
ocratic side, i Sutro . and . Fellz were both
on feet, but the Speaker did not
recognize them and ordered the roll call
to proceed. Chiles alone voted in the
negative, 'seventy-aix votes being record
ed for the resolution.
for State Printing; Taylor for Municipal
Corporations, and Wolfe for Banks and
Banking.
The Committee on Rules report,
naming the following as the Senate stand
ing committees, was adopted: Contingent
expenses, apportionment, banking and
commerce, constitutional amendments,
corporations, county government, edu
cation, elections, enrollment and en.
grossing of bills, executive communica
tions. Federal relations, financial, fores
try and water- storage, fish and game,
hospitals, irrigation. Judiciary, revision of
codes, labor and capital, drainage and de
bris, mining, military affairs, municipal
corporations, reformatories, printing, rev
enue and taxation, highways, rules, pris
ons, agriculture, food adulteration.
The following additional attaches were
appointed, to be p^id out of the co!itin»
gent funds of the Senate:
Bill Dlers-^John Jfewford, James Nolan, L.
Klrrchbavm, Kugene I^ynch, each 17 per diem.
Assistant history clerk— iPercy Milnes, $6.
ArsUtant index clerk— Miss Villa Thompson,
J4.
Postmistresses — Mies M. Hugh's and Miss
Callle Johnson, each ?4.
Assistant file clerk— Patrick Gray,' $4.
Assistant sergennt-at-arms— Thomas Yore, $5.
Assistant bookkeeper to sergeant-at-anna—
IC. Knt. $5.
•Watchman— E. A. TIbbltte. P. H. Hurley,
each $S. /
Document clerk— J. Media, $4.
Assistant clerk of Judiciary committee—Wil
liam Archibald, {5.
dub room clerk — Bert Sheldon. 14. -
ArsiMant mailing clerk— John Gallagher. $4.
SerBeant-at-arms finance committee— Robert
Sullivan. $5.
Watchn-^an— Louis Holn. $3.
Gatekeeper — William Jennings, $3.
Porter — Arthur Lee, $3.
Assistant aergeant-at-arms— J. C. Tittee, J. P.
Fyce, W. L Hume, I. B. Hawley, each $5*
Thomas Sullivan, U.
Hill clerk— L. Schuretg and Thomas Ilea, $4.
Doorkeepers— \v\ H. Rlggan. A. D. Burnett
each $3.
Messenger Etate printer— O. R. Morffaa, S3
Assistant document clerk— William Eden. S4
BUI clerk— John J. Curry, U. '
Pages— E. Feeney and Ralph Schner. each
12 '¦>/.
Assistant file clerk— Romer Ritchie, It
Page— W. Lardner, $2 50.
Indexer— A. L. Fisher, $3.
Blil flier— A. M. Martin. »*.
S«Tgeant-at-arms— R. T. Sepr.lveda. $3.
Messenger to cccr*tery--Coti I. Shield*. $3. ;
¦ A vigorous effort will be made to close
the work and cut off the expense of re
vising the codes. Several Legislatures
have dodged this responsibility. The com
missions have submitted reports on the
revision of the Civil Code, the Penal Code
and the Code of Civil Precedure. No re
port on the Political Code is yet in. Per
haps it is held out to still further prolong
the life of the commission. - Reports are
made that some original . legislation has
been introduced under - the cloak of re^
vision, and it will be the duty of the law
yers of the Legislature to expose and ex
clude- such laws. ., Special efforts will be
made by the Legislature to review the
work submitted and dispense with the
further, services of the Code Commission.
Proposed legislation to \ assist Berkeley
; The plans submitted ' are - acceptable to
the valley interests and have won the
commendation of the Marysvllle Board of
Trade. . The argument .will be advanced
that the proposed appropriation will close
the debris- question.- remove it from" the
field of public agitation and promote last
ing peace between valley and mountain
communities. • : • ¦
Senator Tyrrell will introduce a bill ap-.
propriating $150,000, contingent upon a
similar appropriation by the Government,
to make up the $800,000 necessary to carry
out the plans of the Government en
gineers. Irish of Sierra will introduce a
similar measure in the House,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. S.— The - really important
measures of legislation for the session
may be briefly foreshadowed. The min
ing Interests of the State will concentrate
their efforts to obtain an appropriation of
$150,000 to carry out the approved plans
for impounding- debris from the mines.
The State has already appropriated $230,
000 for this purpose; Congress has appro
priated a like sum, the allowance having
been made by the general Government on
the agreement that the State would sus
tain half the expense of carrying out the
plans adopted 'by the engineer corps. Now
the engineers estimate that the whole
work could be done for $300,000, and Con
gress has signified its readiness to appro
priate $150,000 in addition to the original
allowance, and. the State is asked to vote
an equal sum in addition to its former
allowance. ,
IMPORTANT BILLS THAT
ARE TO BE CONSIDERED
(Continued on Fourth Page.)
and Stanford universities, to release from
taxation the endowment of the latter and
to Increase the endowment of tho former.
will engage the prolonged attention of tha
Legislature.
Consideration of primary election bills
and of measures to apportion the State
Into legislative and Congressional districts
will consume much time. Beyond this the
energies of the session will be devoted
mainly to killing the multitude of bad
bills which will surely be Introduced.
Assemblyman "Wright of Santa Clara
his charge of resolutions drafted by the
State Fruit Growers' Convention, which
condemn the reciprocity treaties negoti
ated by John A. Kasson and urge the Cal
ifornia Senators to oppose their ratifica
tion. He will introduce the resolutions as
soon as possible.
Wright also has two bills In the Interest
of Stanford University. One of them Is a'
brief measure conferring full corporate
powers and privileges upon the trustees of
the university. Its purpose is to supple
ment and confirm the powers granted in
the original act and particularly to enable
the university to receive bequests. The
other bill exempts the bonds held by the
university and its buildings on the campus
from taxation. The bill specifically pro
vides that all other property, real or per
sonal, held by the university, shall not be
exempted. Both of. these bills are Intro
duced as a result of the approval at tha
polls in November of the Stanford Uni
versity amendment.
Corlett will Introduce In the- Senate and
."Webber in the Assembly a bill Increasing
the allowance for the maintenance of vet
erans at the Veterans' Home of Califor
nia at Yountvill« from $45,000 to $60,000 per
annum. At the time the present allow
ance was made 400 veterans were cartel
for at the home. That numb«r has In
creased to 735.
Senator Rowell has several code amend
ments and one new law to provide revenue
for the university. One la an increased in
heritance tax. another a fee for Incorpo
rating domestic corporations, another la a
tax on foreign ores and another provides
a $3 fee for all naturalizations. It is esti
mated roughly that these, if passed, will
add $100,000 or more to the yearly income
of the university. These bills were drawn
by a committee from the alumni associa
tion.
Senator Cutter has a bill to exempt the
buildings and bonds of Stanford Univer
sity from taxation, under the amendment
recently passed.
ASSEMBLY CAUCUS COMMITTEE
WRESTLING WIi H PATRONAGE CLAIMS
On the "th and 8th days of September. 1900.
great storms destroyed tha city of Galveston
and adjoining towns in the State of Texas and
the people of the United States were appalled
by the news of the loss of thousands of lives
of their fellow beings end of an enormous de
struction of property. The electric current o»
human sympathy sped east and west and north
and south. The people of California were quick
CAT.rrOBJTIA'S AID TO
GAI»VESTO1T SUFFERERS
QUARTERMASTERS AND ORDNAXCE
STORES AND MEDICAL SUPPLIES IS
SUED TO THE NATIONAL GUARD OP
CALIFORNIA DURING THE PRESENT
ADMIN I STRATIOX.
3.117 Springfield rifles, caliber 45 $40. SOS 04
3,037 gun slings '1.457 75
3,156 bayonet scabbards 2,£S 36
3.440 cartridge belts (woven) 4.394 45
3.100 haversacks and straps 4.4*4 00
S.10O canteens and straps 2.633 00
3.100 meat cans SSS 00
.14,850 tin cups, knives and spoons 1.098 43
&r,00O rounds of ammunition 6.503 13
Miscellaneous ordnanca ttjres 1.576 u
Total ordnance stores $66,20 83
3.764 blouses 1
3.667 pairs of trousers I
3.S12 caps V $44,23 11
4.000 campaign hats I
1.543 overcoats ...J
3.S0O pairs of leggings 2.313 34
72 field ranges 3.C94 00
3,516 shelter tent halves 5.760 63
S04 regulation tents (complete) 10,830 44
2,300 blankets 7.69S 21
Total quartermasters stores $73,951 78
Hospital supplies — Field equipment for
five regiments 2,056 34
RECAPITULATION.
Total value ordnance store*. $£6,250 S3
Total value quartermaster's stores.... 73.951 78
Total value medical stores 2.056 34
Grand total 1143.233 93
"Under an act of the last Legislature, build
ings for v the Affiliated Colleges are being con
structed* In San Francisco, and as soon as a
general plan for the construction of buildings
at Berkeley can be adopted the Regents will
receive, by the donation of generous people of
the State, sufficient money to construct all the
buildings the university will need for many
years to come. The means by which to pro
cure these plans has already been donated by
that public-spirited philanthropist, Mrs. Phebe
Hearst, whose aid has heretofore been gracious
ly extended to the university; and as soon as
the plans are adopted we are assured by her
of an additional benefaction of over half a
million dollars, for the erection and mainte
nance of buildings for the use and extension of
the university." .
Since Governor Budd delivered that messag*
Mrs. Hearst has during the present administra
tion exceeded all expectations by the adoption
of plans for the university prepared upon a
magnificent and almost royal scale, and has
paid very high rewards' to several competing
architects, as well as to the designer of the ap
proved plans. The future of the university re
garding permanent Improvements Is therefore
assured by the philanthropy of this moat pub
llc-spirlted lady and Regent of the University,
and whatever may be lacking for the carrying
out of the grand ideas of Mrs. Hearst will be
gladly done at the proper time by the people
of the State through their representatives, as
occasion demands.
In view of this condition, I recommend for
the present relief of the university that the act
of February 27. 1S&7, be amended, so as to per
mit all of the revenues derived from the 1 per
cent tax to be devoted to the support and main
tenance, instead of being In part used for per
manent Improvements.
The report of the secretary «rf the university
recently submitted to me shows that the
amount of $54,074 37. derived from this tax for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900, was under
that law devoted to the fund for the permanent
Improvement of the university.
By the adoption of the amendment now pro
posed by me the university will receive the
benefit of this sum. which would otherwise be
used for the erection of buildings and like Im
provements, '
An act was passed by the Legislature at Its
last regular session providing for the erection
and furnishing of a residence for the Governor,
but on account of the sudden rise In materials
and for other reasons specified In the report
of the State Capitol Commission, which l» sub
mitted for your consideration, the erection and
furnishing of such residence was not possible,
and in view of the Immediate needs of the uni
versity and the fact that such residence Is not
a matter of urgency, I recommend that a law
be passed appropriating the balance of that
appropriation which is now In the State treas
ury, to wit. the sum of $48,758, for the support
and maintenance of the university, and the
subject of the erection of a residence for the
Governor may be considered at a future ses
sion of the Legislature, If deemed advisable.
By the adoption of these two suggestions, u
sum approximating $169,000 will be Immediately
I beg leave here to quote with approval the
language of Governor Budd In his first biennial
message, dated January 4, 1S97. where, referring
to this subject, he pays a. well-merited tribute
to Airs. Hearst, as follows:
that purpose be continued, In view of the
munificent donations which that most excellent
lady and public benefactress, Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst. Is about to bestow upon the university
for this special purpose.
At the recent election the people adopted by
a large vote Senate constitutional amendment
No. 4. which vests In the Legislature the power
to enact primary laws and to embody In such
I recommend that the said law be so amend
ed, or that a new law be passed, requiring all
State boards, commissions and officers to fur
nish the State Board of Examiners with veri
fied inventories of all State property In their
keeping or under their control at least once
a year and whenever reasonably demanded by
said board, and that a willful refusal to give
such statement be declared a misdemeanor, and
that such refusal be likewise punished by for
feiture of office.
SUTTABI.E PRIMARY LAW
SHOULD BE ENACTED
The present secretary of the Board of Exam
iners prepared a notice and demand under the
terms of said act and caus«d the same to be
served upon all State officers, boards and com
missioners, requesting a prompt return of the
Inventory. As a result of the urgent demands
ot the said secretary, the Board of Examiners
have now a more complete record and estimate
oi the nature and value of all State property
than ever before.
This act Is very loosely drawn and requires
only that a biennial report under oath of the
Inventory of all State property In their keeping
be clVen by State officers, boards and commis
sioners, without attaching any penalty for non
performance.
Previous to the present administration no
complete record had been kept at the Capitol
Of the various classes of State property under
the control of State officers -and In the various
Institutions of the State. The act requiring
State officers to give an inventory of ¦ State
property was approved February 9, 1897, and
Is entitled "An act to requlri? an Inventory of
State and county property and directing that a
record of the same be ker>t."
Under section 6 of article IV of the constitu
tion of this State, your honorable bodies^ are
vested with the power of fixing and adjusting
the legislative districts of the y State, and of re
appcrtloning the representation, ' so as to pre
serve them as near equal in population as may
be."
My confidence in your Integrity and fairness
permits me to predict that this duty will be
justly performed, and the matters disposed cf
upon the basis of abstract right.
I recommend the repeal of the act approved
March 8, 1S97 (Stats, 1SU7, p. 74). creating "a.
commission for the cromotlon of uniformity
of legislation in the United States." as the of
fice serves no useful purpose, and Its continued
existence is an unnecessary expense to tb.4
State.
REAPPOBTIONMENT
OF BEPBESENTATION
public character. In consideration of this ex
emption it Is provided that the university will
admit student "residents of California" free
from tuition fees. This advantaue will doubt
less attract to that splendid Institution many
.students who might otherwise avail themselves
of the free tuition of the State University, which
may In time tend to prevent the overcrowding
of the University of California. Legislation will
be necessary In connect'on with this as well
as other of the constitutional amendments, to
properly carry Into effect the Intention of th>»
people in exempting this university from tax
ation.
By the passage at the last election of Assem
bly constitutional amendment No. 23, the
trusts and estates for the endowment and
maintenance of the Leland Stanford Junior
University tire exempted from taxation, and It
therefore Imposes upon thin institution a quasi-
I believe lin substantial appropriations to as
sist every wise and practical method of educa
tion which may be adooted. by the university
In Its court*. I believe therefore that the unl'
verslty should be liberally maintained, but not
lavishly, so as to become an unnecessary bur
den upon the taxpayers of the State.
In thus submitting my views upon the ne
cessity of amending the laws relative to the
maintenance of the university, it must not be
supposed that I could desire to have Its growth
Impaired by any parsimonious legislative rem
edies. On t ne contrary. I believe firmly in high
er education. While my love for the common
school Is Intense, I would also like to see the
State University a greater Institution of learn
ing than any other in the world. But I do
not believe in waste aiid In Idle show. I
would like to see the highest scientific and
classical ideals attained, but I would also wish
to see those ideals anchored In this practical,
matter-of-fact world. Education should not be
mere ornamentation. The student of the unl
.verslty, whether graduating as bachelor of
arts, bachelor of science, bachelor of philoso
phy or otherwise, should be already In touch
with the busy world about him, and able t~>
cope from a practical standpoint with the dif
ficulties which ordinarily beset the graduates
of our schools and colleceK.
In this connection I also recommend that tui
tion fees be required of all non-resident stu
dents attending the State Xormal Schools.
I therefore recommena that section 1394 of
the Political Code should be so amended, or
that a law be passed requiring non-resident
students of the university to pay reasonable
tuition fees.
If It be a fact that our university Is becoming
overcrowded, certainly measures should ba
adopted giving preference to the children of our
taxpayers rather than Rrivlng place to children
of residents of other States and foreign coun
tries.
Some time ago It was proposed before tho
board of regents that all university students
should be subjected to a. tax for the support
of the university. I took occasion then to vig
orously oppose such an unjust plan, among
ether grounds because the university, being
supported by the people of California as a
part of its plan of public education, and open
to rich and poor alike, t-uch a. tax would b9
in violation of the rights of the people who
supported this Institution. The student tax was
defeated. The Injustice of the proposed student
tax lay in the fact that It was sought to im
pose a tax ui>on the children of the taxpayers
of the State whese money was already main
taining the university. Since the foundation
of the university the people of California have
maintained and supported that Institution by
the payment of taxes. It is manifestly unjunt
that the people of this State should be taxed
to educate the children of non-residents and
non-taxpayers of other States and of foreign
countries.
NON-RESIDENT STUDENTS
SHOTJXD PAY TUITION FEE
available for the needs of the university, with
out increasing the appropriations to be passed
at the present session or requiring the passage
of a law augmenting the taxes which will be
payable by the people.
SENATE ADDS FORTY-ONE
NAMES TO ATTACHE LIST
during the first ten fiscal years from the ap
proval of the etatute is to be devoted to the
purposes of acquiring lands, buildings and
other permanent Improvements.
About the time of the passage of the last
statute of 1S37. during the administration of
niy able predecessor, 1 have been informed that
public assurance was given by the represen
tatives of the university that, as a result of
this law, ample funds would be provided for
the permanent support of the university and
further calls upon the Legislature for appro
priations for support would be unnecessary and
would not be demanded. The people have since
the passage of this last act of 1S!<7 graciously
submitted to the 2 per cent tax for the sup
port of the university, but It must be ad
mitted that the malnier.anee of the university
through etandlng taxes, in the light of this
experience, is, to say the least, very disap
pointing.
Prior to the passage of the act of February
14. 1SS7, providing for a continual tax for the
nupport of the university It had been the rule
for each Legislature to provide sufficient ap
propriations for its maintenance for two years
in advance, in the same manner adopted for
the support of other public Institutions. The
condition of the university was therefore
exhibited directly to the representatives of
the people, and became . thereby a «ubject
of public discussion and concern. By this
method the people were brought into touch
with th« management of the Institution and
could easily learn thrjugh their representatives
Its actual condition. While the regents are
obliged under the law to report the condition
of the university annually, such report* are
not read by the people, and Renerally their rep
resentatives by reason of their many and varied
duties have neither time nor opportunity to
give such reports careful attention. In con
sequence the real condition of the university
Is withheld from the people.
The people, through their representatives In
the Legislature, have never been parsimonious
In appropriations for the support of the uni
versity, but have on the contrary generously
assisted it when Its ecnditlon was shown to
require assistance. I venture the opinion,
therefore. In the light of the past history
of the university, that standing taxes for its
support are not as productive of benefit to that
splendid crown of th» common schools as ap
propriations passed by each Legislature accord
ing to Its Increased or diminished necessities.
The people have the highest concern in know
ing the condition of the university, as well as
that of ether public institutions.
No- State Institution should be above the law,
nor removed from public scrutiny.
From a report recently' received by me from
the pecretaj-y of the Board of Regents the sum
received by the university from the 2 per cent
tax for the fl?ral year ending June 30, WOO,
amounted to S23C.IS8 2i. The sum to be re
ceived from the taxes of this year will. In my
opinion, ellghtly exce»d this amount. The
total Income for the Gald fiscal year. Including
the 2 per cent tax, aggreKated J268.401 62.
It Is said that this largo sum Is not sufficient
to provide for the growing needs of the uni
versity and relief from the present Legislature
will be Bought by the ofllcers of the university.
GENEKOUS BENEFACTIONS
OF MBS. PHEBE HEABST
Inasmuch as one-half of Uie revenues derivtcl
from the additional tax provided by the act
of February 27, 18P7, must, under the law, b<s
used for permanent Improvements, such as the
acquisition of lands and buildings. It Is my
onlr.lon that it Is unnecessary that the tax for
• W Hh cur increase la wharfage facilities we
believe we may safely calculate on a. still
p: eater increase la our receipts. For the om
lr.g five years the receipts of this commission.
In cur judgment, will average fTSM-OO per an
num, and on this basis the following will
clearly demonstrate the possibilities 'or harbor
improvements under the enabling legislation of
the extra session:
Estimated receipts for the coraing five
years at JTiO.oOO per year $3,750,000
Estimate of current expenses, including
r.ecessary repairs during the coming
fcve years 2.640.000
Gain $1,210,000
Amount cf contracts entered into 32S.S47
Estimated surplus for permanent Im
provements $SS3,153
"The building of the seawall from its pres
ent terminus t Channel street, a distance
oi about CX0 fee*, ir.clu'iinj? the inside filling
between the •nal! prosier and the shore line,
would cost about !--0,cuo.
"It is believed that in the near future the
board can under the enabling legislation Of the
extra Bessi< r. rrocted to make further perma
nent Improvement* on the water front agere
£i»t'.ng J;^3,000.
"Thus it "ill be observed that the accuir.u
lnlr i residue in five years, after paying In full
lor the -our new wharves and two car ferry
*!:pi=. already contracted for. will exceed the
¦BMUCt that would be required to extend the
c«Ta!l to Channel street, if the immediate
jT!te:uticn Ot this work were practicable.
"But before work on the seawall extension
is commenced wharf additions In the harbor
rr.ttst first be made, so that our shipping will
r.ct suffer in eny respect m the handling of
inward and outward cargo. "When these neces
fary additions are tirst perfected, as is now
possible un<J»r the existing law, th«*n the sea
wall can be extended, and the work paid for
without any bond issue or tax upon the people.
"In our biennial report we referred at some
l*-npth to the large increase of the business of
the Belt Railroad. This business has continued
to increase Bince June 30, U00. Tenants occu-
I yir.g eeawall lot* have been notified to va
•ca.te. so that additional yard room can be se
cured for railroad purposes. The board has ad
\ertiEed for bids for the • construction of a
freight depot for the Fanta Fe Railroad eys
t< m, and the** bids will be opened December
i.7. 19&T', a.nd with other chancres and alterations
under way this department will have incrased
adequately the facilities for the expeditious
l:?ndllng of the railroad business, regardless of
volume.
•"With the addition of new wharve* work ol
the two State dredgers has been taxed to tht
limit. As proper credg'.ng of the slip* and
channels of the harbor ie a matter of the fir?t
Importance, the board has determined to build
a new dredfrer of the most modern design and
equipment, thereby precluding the possibility
of any Inconvenience to the shipping of the
port. Very respectfnny.
"PARIS KILBTRN, President.
"P. J. HARNET,
"RUDOLPH HEROLD JR..
Commissioners.
Attest: WM. D. EXGLISH. Secretary."
Tfce excellent results attained by the gentle-
Rca constituting the present State Board of
Harbor Commissioners under the new law dur
ing the brief reriod which has elapsed since the
extra session cf 1900 reflects e^eat credit upon
their management of the affairs of tne harbor
cf San Francisco.
STATE UNIVERSITY IN
NEED OF KOBE FUNDS
Notwithstanding the careful management and
control cf the affairs of the University of Cali
fornia by the able gentlemen constituting the
Erard of Kegents, and despite their devoted
rr.d generous labors without compensation for
the welfare of that excellent int-titutlon of
learning, it has been represented to me that the
ur.lvemty is again in need of additional rap
port In order to meet present contingencies.
The condition of the university will doubt
less b* submitted to you for consideration by
tome of its officers, and Its condition should
receive from you close acl careful examina
tion.
The university is. independently of donations,
iralntalned by a continual ad valorem tax of
2 l«»r cent upon the taxable projw^rty o' the
State, end by Incorr.e received Irom Its ln
v< stKCEts ar.d from ppecial funds.
By an act of the htaie Legislature to pro
vide for the permanent eu;>port and improve
ment of the university, approved February 14.
1*S7 (Statutes 1SS7. p. 2. et »>e<j.). the people
of the £ta*ie are annually taxed 1 per cent
ad valorem upon earn- one hundred dollars of
value of the taxable i,roperty of the State.
end the tax*? po n-clv.-d are paid into a fund
called the "^tate University fund." subject to
be drawn out by order of the Hoard of liegents
or i>urh officers cf the board as may be duly
euthorized thereto. The money thus derived
If to be applied to the support and permanent
Improvement of the university. By another
act of the State Legislature, approved Febru
ary -T. 5S97 (Statutes Yi/A. page 44), to pro
vide additional support and maintenance for
the university, en additional 1 p?r cent ad
valorem tax is acn'iaHy levied upon each one
r. jmSred dollars of value of the taxable prop
erty of the Stat»». the money derived there
from being likewise paid into the Btate Uni
versity fund, subject to like order qf the
Parents or such officers duly authorized by
tht-rn. Under the provisions of this last statute
one-half DC the revenues raised by this tax
"The enabling iesris'.atiun cf the eitra session
has made If poaalble for this board to antici
pate Its revenue for a period of five years In
advance, and sfter deducting therefrom the
amount estimated for current expenses during
eaid period, enter into contracts to the amount
of the difference or any part thereof for har
bor lmrrovernccts. and to stipulate that pay
ments on euch contracts shall be made at any
time witfcia a pc-riod of five years from the
ccinrleticn thereof.
"The revenue of the board for the five fiscal
years endlnc June SO, lyoo. haa been J3.06S.
4S1 02, cr an average of JC13.C&6 20 per annum.
For the eleven months of the present vear the
revenue lias been JtC7.522 77, an averare of
161.17* 79 per racnth, or for twelve months
S721.C37 M. There Is no doubt that when
the returns fcr this present month are in the
receipt* fcr the twelve months cf this year
win reaci JTSS.OOO. or an Increase over the
3 early average receipt" of the five past fiscal
years cf 112L2C3 CO.
(.Note by Governor — Fine** the writing this
fcas been granted by the Federal Government.)
"Fourth— Rebuilding 1 of some of the old
piers on jx?rmantnt lines.
"Fifth — Extruding the soa wall south from
its present terminus m-ar Mission street.
"Ae statfd In our biennial report, the pur
pose of building these repair wharves is to en
tb!e the beard to assign vessels thereto under
going repairs, and jn^clude the necessity of j«r
mitling them to occupy berths at wharves tiiat
could otherwise be utilized by vessels loading or
discharging careo.
"Third— Lengthening such number of wharves
if are necessary to accommodate modern vessels
cf the greatest length, to l>e done after the Ked
«-r«U Government fcas established a new pierhead
line.
"Second — The construction of two repair
¦wharves in Central Basin, adjacent to new dry
dock.
ent location of the dry dock, between Epear and
Main streets.
The following Is a list of the adjutant gen
eral given t<> me of atoies and supplies issued
to the Guard:
The tdjutant general's department has been
managed with commendable economy and at
the fame time sufflcle?it supplies and equip
ments have been purchased by the State and
furnished by the United States Government so
that the Guard is novr better equipped than,
ever before In the history of the State.
The patriotism of our California Volunteers,
as well as their loyalty to this State, Induced
them eagerly to avail themselves of the benefits
of the statutes and their active service In camp
ar.d field glv^s as well new vigor to the Guard
as it inspires emulation.
One of the efficient aids to the present lm
rroved condition of the Guard waa the passagtt
by the Legislature at Its thirty-third session
of the act entitled "An aet regarding organi
zatif.nw, officers and members of the National
Guard who entered the United States volun
teer service In the Spanish-American war of
189S." etc., approved March 21. 1833" (Stats.
Cal.. 1S99. p. 108. et seq.), which enabled the
returned officers and men of the National
Guard, California Volunteers, who had been
jrustered Into the United States service, to re
enter the National Guard and report for duty.
The present condition of the National Guard,
us compared with its condition at the begin
ning of this administration, reflects credit upon
the adjutant general and the officers of the
National Guard. The Spanish-American war of
1S98 as well destroyed the efficiency of tha
Guard as it depleted It In point of numbers.
About 1200 officers and men scattered through
out the State represented its entire numerical
strength. At the present time the Guard num
bers over 4000 officers and men. Inclusive cf
the naval militia, consisting: of 425 officers and
men.
SPI-ENDID CONDITION
OF NATIONAL GUARD
How Is it possible for him to report the con
dition of the State in all instances unless he
shall be entitled to call upon the various of
ficials throughout the State fcr such informa
tion as may be desired pertaining to their par
ticular departments? And how is this possible
unless It be made the duty of «uch officials.
State, county and city, to furnish to the Gov
ernor, on reasonable demand, such reeded In
formation, and unless there be Home mode pr->
vlded by law to punish a dishonorable official
for neglecting or reiuElng compliance there
with?
The State constitution provides that the Gov
erncr "Shall see that the laws are faithfully
executed." • • • and that "he shall com
municate by message to the Legislature at
every -session the condition of the State, and
recommend such matters aa he shall deem ex
pedient."
Again, ' matters sometimes arise within the
State which are the grounds of international
questions, and the executive is requested by
the United States Secretary cf State to for
ward a report * of the facts of an Alleged
breech of treaty^through the act of some term
holding State-, county or municipal officer.
While the mere privilege of requesting sucu re
port of such ofllcer Is afforded the executive.
it 13 equally a privilege on the part of such
officer to either notice or wholly ignore th»
request of the executive. In consequence it
has happened in pome instances that little or
no information could be afforded the Depart
ment of State at Washington, and that little
Information war only given this office through
the barest official courtesy. I have been com
pelled many times to call the attention of tko
Federal authorities to the inability of the
executive. un3er the laws of this Stats, to
compel the transmission of proper or much
needed Information from our State, county an I
municipal officers. I submit that this defect
In the law should be appropriately remedied,
especially as you will remember that, outside
cf the appointees In the Governor's office,
tfcere are very few State officers whom tha
Governor has the power to remove for mis
conduct. An officer once appointed for a term
of years has the power to defy both the people
and the executive and to conduct his office
according to his own pleasure, provided he doe*
not reveal tangible evidences of crime.
"But, as I said in my message to the Legis
lature, if the Governor is to be held respon
sible for the conduct of the departments whoaa
Incumbents he names, he should be given con
trol of those functionaries, etc. Such control
has not been given. I appealed to the last
two Legislatures to pass some law empower
ing the Governor to control the- Institutions.
and pointed out how much I had been embar
lassed by the lack of such laws. ISoth Legis
latures refused to pass the requisite bills, and
I found myself helpless when occasion arose
for severe and determined treatment. If abuses
exist they are the direct result of such failure
to pass the bills recommended. I again recom
mend that 'for cause and upon a hearing' tha
Governor be glv«"n the power to remove 1i:j
own appointees."
In this aspect of the case I quote the fol
lowing language of Governor Budd In his sec
ond biennial message on the .very eve of his
retirement from office, and submit the same for
your careful consideration:
APPEALS FOR RIGID ECONOMY IN ALL APPROPRIATIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
3which has been brought to my knowledge bj
the Attorney General:
First— "James C. Paly, plaintiff, vs. Bute oJ
California, defendant. By complaint In Su
perior Court, city and county of San Francisco,
for $10,000. legal services In Southern Paclfl<
Company vs. Board of Railroad Commission
ers. Judgment for plaintiff September 8, 183S,
for 111, 050 and Interest until paid. Stipulation
waiving appeal filed November 4, 1S38. Closed."
From communications received from B. E.
Collins It Is made to appear that tha abov«
Judgment was at some time assigned to th<
California Bank of Oakland, but of the cor
rectness of this information I have no knowl
edge from the records.
Second— *"J.- R. Hanify. plaintiff, ts. 8tat<
of California, defendant. Justices' Court, citj
and county of San. Francisco, No. 91.512. Com
plaint filed June 25, 1S36, to recover $19J 7'
damages caused to lot a of shingles dumpec
into Fan Francisco Bay by collapse of Fre
mont-street 'Wharf. Cause tried and sub
mitted December 20, 1S98. On February 7, 1899
Judgment rendered for plaintiff for $197 70 dam
uses and $63 costs. Records of court. show n(
satisfaction or assignment of Judgnrent."
Third— "The People of the State pt CaJlfor
nla. by Tlrey t«. Ford. Attorney General o
eald State, plaintiff, vs. Pacific Land Improve
ment Company, a corporation, and Emll Wick
man. defendants. Superior Court. Los Angele:
County, No. 33,738. Complaint filed Octobe
!5. 1S99. Action to quiet title to certain land
In the town or Santa Fe Springs, County o
Los Angeles, dedicated as a public park. Caus
tried December 6. 1S00. and on that date Judg
ment rendered for defendants because of lnsuf
flcient proof of acceptance by. the public"
ECONOMIC REPOBM
AND LOW TAXATION
My efforts to fulfill my pre-election pledges
of giving the people an economic government
were sustained by the excellent body of "Sena
tors and Assemblymen who sat In the thirty
third legislative session. I am satisfied how
ever, that the members of th* present Legisla
ture, if you will only resolve so to do can
surpass the good work of the preceding Legis
lature by urging on still further economic re
form. The times are} auspicious. The people
of our State have been Just disburdened from
years of depression. The recent eleellon has
demonstrated how near President llcKlnley Is
to tha hearts of the people and how fully his
foreign and domestic policy reflects their
wishes. The Philippines, a key to Oriental
commerce, being now American territory." will
enrich and build up the varied industries of
this State. ¦«
It is right, therefore, that no reactionary
depression should be developed by the imposi
tion of a heavy tax rate through excessive ap
propriations or otherwise. Let the buoyant
feeling which inspirits alike the laborer and
merchant, the farmer and banker, continue
unchecked, no that business activity may not
b«» marred by the shadow of a too greedy tax
gatherer.
It lies with you, as legislators, to So appor
tion ' the State's money that all proper debts
may be paid and the wants of an" public In
stitutions be sufficiently but not extravagantly
supplied. .
It Is Impossible In a message to call atten
tion to all the . necessities of the State. »nd
as you are each acquainted with a particular
district and with Its actual need* I will be
pleased at all times during the session to con
fer with you as to all Mich needs, so that the
legislative and executive departments may In
telligently co-operate In an economic govern
ment. • by giving the people the lowest rate
of taxation In the history of the PtAte.
In view of the number of approrriatlens
necessary to pay the current expenses of gov
ernment, the maintenance of the several public
Institutions und the various Just claims against
the State 1 Invoke your honorable bodies to
may the proposition to abolish the can
teen.
In the course of Hawley's statement he
was Interrupted frequently by Pettigrew,
who wanted to leaxu tho reasons for ex
cluding wine from the post exchanges.
Finally Hawley became Impatient and de
clared he would not answer another Ques
tion.
"I am quite well aware," retortad Pot
tigrew, "of the Senator's inability to an
swer my question."
Angry in an instant, the Connecticut
Senator demanded with some heat:
"¦\Vhat does the Senator mean by that
'low down' insult. Has ho been to a
saloon outside of the post exchange?"
The laughter which arose served to
clear the atmosphere and the Incident
passed.
Money of Mississippi said h» was thor
oughly convinced that the post exchange
promoted temperance, health, morals and
discipline among the soldiers of the army.
In response to arguments advanced by
Sewell and Money in favor of tho post
exchange, Gallinger directed attention to
the system 4n the navy. Under the law
the sailors were given 5 cents per day In
addition to their pay in lieu of grog ra
tion?. This had been found to be an ex
cellent system and he- believed it wtjuld be
¦well to apply it to the army. He de
clared that during the first four years
after the canteen was established court
martial had increased in tho army 16 per
cent.
Hansbrough of North Dakota, who has
been recognized as one of the leading op
ponents In Congress of the post exchange,
made an extended argument in opposi
tion to the committee amendment. He de
clared that the use of beer detracted from
the men's usefulness as soldiers and from
their morality as men. The sale of beer
in the canteen has been shown (quoting:
from a letter from an army officer) to be
at fhe bottom of most of the trouble and
misery of the soldier. He had hoped that
Congress would signalize the opening of
the twentieth century by wiping from the
statute books the authorization of the
Government saloon.
Thurston of Nebraska, Fiatt of Connec
ticut and. Jones of » Arkansas were ap
pointed as conferees on the part of the
Senate on two bills ratifying treaties
v;lih the Cherokee and the Muskogee or
Crpflk Indians.
The Senate at 5:10 p. rn. adjourned.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.— During
the legislative session of to
day the Senate had under
consideration the much-moot
ed canteen question In con
nection with the army reorganization bill.
The Senate committee in effect restored
the provision for a post exchange, or can
teen, which had been stricken out of the
bill by the House. For nearly five hours
the " Senate discussed the committee
amendment, but a vote on the proposition
Is not yet In sight. Galllnger of New
Hampshire and Hansbrough of North Da
kota vigorously opposed the amendment,
and In turn It was quite as strenuously
supported by Sewell of New Jersey, Haw
ley of Connecticut, Money of Mississippi
and Carter of Montana.
Discussion of the canteen question was
opened by Galllnger of New Hampshire,
in opposition, to tna pyposed amendment
of the committee permitting the sale of
beer. Galling-er made an extended argu
ment In support of his position, quoting
many eminent authorities to prove that
the use of alcoholic stimulants among
men in and out of the army was most
deleterious in its effects. He urged that
the bill be left, sd far as the canteen
question is concerned, as It was when it
came from the House.
Sewell. a member of the Military Affairs
Committee and long a member of the
board of managers of the Soldiers' Homes
of the country, said the canteen had been
adopted at the Soldiers' Homes simply as
a temperance measure. The canteens
were all allowed to sell to the old soldiers
only beer, and it had been found that the
inmates were willing to take a glass or
two of beer at the canteen in preference
to visiting the t;roBBeries which surround
ed nearly all of these institutions.
In conclusion Sewell said: "The Amer
ican soldier ought not be condemned to
a reformatory. We cannot recruit the
army if you abolish the post exchange.
It Is opposed to the soldier's Idea of lib
erty to be tied down In that way and he
will not have it."
Hawley declared that the post exchange
promoted disclpllna and good order in tho
army. He paid that the officers as well
as the men of the iirmy viewed with dis-
yft whose cases are so worthy as to Impress
the Governor that their beha.vlor would Indicate
a complete reform. Tet as the conduct of such
prisoners would not without a test justify the
executive In granting a full or even a condi
tional pardon, it would appear Just that such
prisoners should be tried by a limited parole
•with full power on the part of the executive at
any time of terminating the parole granted by
the State Board of Prison Dlrecors.
I suggest that the powers of the State Board
of Prison Directors under the said act be ex
tended to the granting of such limited paroles
to all worthy reformed prisoners: provided,
however, that no such limited parole be granted
until such prisoner shall have served at lea-st
two calendar years In one of the State prisons.
WAR CLAIMS AGAINST
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
I beg leave here to call your attention to
what was said by me In my inaugural address
on January 4, 1S93. respecting the unsettled
claims of our State against the national Gov
ernment, arising out of the civil war. -In order
that you may. if you deem such course advis
able, pass .appropriate resolutions instructing
our Senators and requesting our Representa
tives to urge the passage of a law refunding
to the State the money advanced for equipping
and paying the California volunteers.
In my Inaugural address I expressed my con
victions as follows:
••The claims of California against the gen
eral Government for furnishing, equipping and
Daying volunteers during the civil, war. aggre
gating over $4,000,000. are still unsettle* \.a
rious bills have been from time to time intro
duced in both the United States Senate and
House of Representatives, but they have been
either abandoned after introduction orreferred
to committees without final action taken there
on On June 9.-1S3S, the United States Senate
adoped a resolution in the matter of H. R.
4C3<5 respecting these claims, and appointed
three Senators, viz.. Teller. Pascpe and Btew*
art to confer with the House of Representa
tives. A provision for the payment to this
State of $3,951,915 42. in full settlement of Cali
fornia's claims, has been included in the Sen
ate amendment. California cheerfully furnished
to the Federal Government soldiers in defense
of the Union., and while the nation had the
right to this support, it had no L^K 1 * "> *{>«
money, amounting U» over $4,000,000, which- the
State advanced for the equipment of its vol
unteers: and this money should now be re
stored to the State ¦ with . interest. Our Sen
ators and Represenatlves in Congress should
be requested to nse every lawful effort for the
massage of a bill allowing these war claims for
at least $3,951,915 42. the amount allowed, in the
Congressional bill to which reference has Just
been made. These war claims are both Just
and equitable, and the State has long and pa
tiently waited trr this settlement"
Under the acC of the Legislature approved
March 10 1S99, I appointed the three follow
ing distinguished citizens of our State as Com
missioners to the great Paris Exposition: The
Hons Ben C. Truman of Los Angeles. W. W.
Foote of San Francisco. E. W. Runyon of Red
Bluff, all of whom duly qualified according to
law and entered upon ¦ the discharge of their
duties. Commissioners Foote and Runyon have
recently s returned from Paris, but the other
commissioner ia still In Europe.
The Commission has * not ¦ an - yet filed with
me > the report '. of its proceedings, - and • In thH
absence of which I cannot , make further offi
dal statement.
Under the provisions of section ft of an act
entitled "An act to authorize suits against
the State, and regulating the procedure-there
in." approved February. 28. 1S93 (Stats. 1893.
p 5S), it becomes my duty, to report to your
honorable bodies all Judgments rendered
aealnst the State and not heretofore reported.
The following is a list of such Judgmenu
SENATOR HAWLEY OF CONNECTICUT, CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMIT
TEE ON MILITARY AFFAIRS. THIS PICTURE IS FROM A DRAW
ING BY CARICATURIST HY. MEYER OF THE NEW YORK HERALD.
resented the Second District In Congress
for four years and was Sub-Treasurer In
San Francisco for four years.
He was poisoned by eating sauerkraut a
week ago and pneumonia followed, caus
ing: death. He was a prominent Knight
Templar. The" funeral will take place
Thursday morningr at Wheatland under
the auspices of the Masons. Ho leaves a
widow, four brothers and one son. R A.
Berry, of San Francisco.
determine the question of competency, before
liberation, where the superintendent refuses to
discharge the Inmate. Human life, liberty
and human reason car. nut be too strongly pro-
The following u a resort to me by the sec
retary of one of the State boards of a eavlu.:
to the State through the action of the State
Lunacy Commission in causing the deportation
irom the State of certain Insane persons, Jap
anese subjects, to wit:
-. -. JULY 7. 1899.
tt .? , No t of Cost of Cost ot »nain.
Hospital— Japs. Deportation, for 1 yr.
Stockton ;,j5. -, $44160 J687 0O
*>*apa .6. .478 fS 672 80
Mendoclno ......... 3 120 00 403 C7
Southern Cal. ;...;vl S7 16 . 155 90
Total IS $1539 95 $2654 42
The cost of maintenance for one year is based
on the per capita cost of each hospital for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1839. ,
Figuring on recoveries at the rate of 29 per
cent will give us 15.1 who would probably have
be«n maintained, say twelve years or aver
age life of Insane In hosiUtais, at an avera^r*
cost of $140 per year, or 125.686 for the SO per
cent who would have been maintained: de
ducting from this the cost of deportation
II15S9 93) gives us $23,936 Es net saving to- tho
State- . .
It win be the endeavor of this administration
to induce the various foreign Consuls to take
care of their insane citizens confined in our
insane asylums by deportation to their ro
£T>ectI\^ countries.
The means sometimes adopted of spiriting
into our State hospitals the Insane of other
states end of foreign countries should not be
tolerated.
The State hospitals are in part maintained
by the taxation of our own people In charity
to those in our midst who are or may become
demented. It is not right therefore that resi
dents of other States should, as has been
sometimes done, recretly carry their insane in
;to. this State, to be supported at the expenaa
of the taxpayers of this Stats.
I suggest that come measures be passed em
powering the State Lunacy Commission to ef
.fectually quarantine against the insane of
other States and other countries.
PABDONS, REPRIEVES
AND COJOTUTATIONS
The most painful duty which comes within
the province of the executive is to decide upon
petitions for pardon, reprieve and commutation.
There are now pending before me about 200
different applications for pardon. Perhaps
«.¦> per cent have some circumstances
appealing for clemency. The tendency of the
human mind is not to resist but to yield to the
appeals of unfortunate criminals and their
heart-broken relatives.
There is a higher duty which the executive
owes to the people. He must not allow his per
sonal sympathies to be swayed. The law abid
ing people of the State require protection.
Crimes, whether due to weakness of nature or
to cool deliberation, must be punished. To lib
erate criminals upon the appeal of relatives in
all Instances where the convicts have repented
and have served very long and severe sentences
would be practically to declare that crimes
should not be punished. Influence savoring of
a political character, which Is sometimes at
tempted, is most objectionable and should never
be the key to executive clemency. Appeals to
me of this nature will result, as In the past
in speedy denials.
In nearly 60 per cent of the cases which have
been presented the applications are accompanied
by a petition signed by the Jury which convict
ed the criminal and by a letter of the trial
Judge, expressing his opinion that the sentence
Imposed was perhaps too severe, or that the
ends of Justice would be subserved by the lib-
• This means of attempting to 6hlft the re
sponsibility of a severe sentence upon the exec
utive Is not an argument which can have much
effect upon me, where the trial has been pre
sumably a fair one and where the evidence
tends to prove the guilt of the accused.
Judges are sworn to do thelr'duty. The trial
Judge has the case before him with the living
witnesses, whose demeanor and words bear the
Impress of truth or falsehood. -The Judge has
heard the case, and while the Jury may con
vict, the power of granUng a new trial still
rests with him.
Under these circumstances, acting upon the
presumption that the sworn officers of the law
.have don* their duty. I have steadfastly dis
regarded such appeals In clear cases.
1 I have patiently examined each case In the
light of my duty to the people, and while my
heart has many times urged me to sign the
paper which would bring Joy to the- prisoner
and to his anxious friends, yet my oath of
office and my responsibility to the people to
maintain the law had demanded a different
c«irse. .
The number of pardons, reprieves and com
mutations during the last two years of. my ad
ministration Is, I regret, necessarily small— only
one pardon being granted. . The following Is the
list: .
First — William Kagel, a butcher by trade,
over 70 years of age, in the month of January,
1899, in the Superior Court of Modoc County,
pleaded guilty to the crime, of furnishing liq
uor to an Indian and was sentenced to eight
months' Imprisonment I in the County Jail of
Modoc County. A petition for his pardon,
signed, by many leading business and profes
sional men of Modoc County, and by many of
the county officials, was duly presented to me.
.The District Attorney Joined in the petition for
clemency and the Judge who tried the cause
waived. in writing all objections to executive
clemency. • A .full pardon was granted by me
to William Nagel on the"2d day of June, 1899.
for the following reasons: * It satisfactorily ap
peared to me from the papers and evidence
submitted that the Indian to whom the liquor
was furnished sustained no tribal relations:
that the time of furnishing the liquor by Nagel
was on one of the Christmas holidays; that
Kagel was so intoxicated at the time as not
to know the , nature of the act he was com
mitting, and the liquor was furnished, not for
profit, but *s an act of drunken generosity. It
further appeared that Nagel had borne a good
reputation. • wa« honest. Industrious. ' law abid
ing and- patriotic and was a veteran of both
the Mexican and civil wars. ' It appeared fur
ther that upon- the facts, had he been tried be
fore a Jury, be would have been -In all prob
ability acquitted. . It appeared .also that longer
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE LATE H0N\ CAMPBELL, P. HERRT OF WHEATLAND. HE WAS
AN EARLY SETTLER IX CALIFORNIA AND PROMINENT FOR
TEARS IN STATE AND NATIONAL POLITICS.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. S.-Hon.
Campbell P. Berry died at his
home in Wheatland at 12:30 this
morning:, aged 66 years. He was
born in Jackson County, Ala
bama. November 7, 1S34. He came to Cal
ifornia in 1K7 and settled on Bear River.
Sutter County. He represented Sutter
County for four terms In the Legislature
and was Speaker of the House. He rep-
should be accorded some extra consideration
In this especial Instance, Inasmuch as our
rivers and valley lands likewise will be greatly
improved by the proposed work.
STATE HOSPITALS FOR
INSANE WELL MANAGED
So far as it has been possible for the State
Lunacy Commission to control and regulate the
internal I management of the State Hospitals
for the Insane, its efforts have been very el
fective. but it must be remembered that the
managers of the several hospitals hold for
terras, and that the Governor has no power of
removal or change or such managers. This
is true of all subordinate State officers hold
ing lor fixed terms. At the extra session of
1900, upon my recommendation, the act to es
tablish a State Lunacy Commission, approved
March SI. 1£S7, was s=o_ amended as to allow the
commission to fix the salaries of all officers
and employes of the several State Hospitals
for the Insise. This most . salutary measure
enabled the commission subsequently tu ar
range uniform salaries for such officials, and
to make reductions amounting to nearly J20.000
annually. It was found, however, necessary,
on account of the Increased number of patients
and because of the previous limited service,
which had sometimes permitted escape tram
the asvluxns. to apply much of this saving In
the employment of additional subordinate at
tendants, as well as to secure the services of
female physician? . The number of patients" In
the asylums of this State is C311. of which 1960
While some abuses remain which require at
tention at the bands of the boards of man
agers (which it is to be hoped will soon be
removed), yet on the whole the State Hos
pital* for the Insane, bo far as it has been
possible for the present administration to deal
with the questions, are much better managed
than ever before.
] At the Inception of my administration I per
ceived the necessity of employing female physi
cians in the State Hospitals for the Insane on
account- of -the larre number of female pa
tient*. I laid th« matter before the Lunacy
Commission, and I am pleased to say that the
plan met with the hearty approval of ' the
rrfembers of the commission, and two -female
physicians were appointed s-tter due examina
tion as to their <juali3cations— -one. being as
eigned to Xapa and the other to Stockton, and
duty requires them to visit the other State
asylums.
i The appointment of these female physicians
i was only made po»slbVe cy the re-iuction by
the I^unacy Cflmmlwlon In the salaries of the
officers and employes of the esylums by rea
son of the amendment to the law passed pursu
ant to the proclamation st the extraordinary
tension of 1*0"
Grievous wrongs have been sometimes report.
I pa of the misuse of private asylums for insane
and feeble-minded persona. Such private asy
lums are. when rightly conducted, of great
benefit to the relatives of unfortunates, who
are enabled to hat"e proper care taken of In
competents-without subjecting the patients to
the publicity which accompanies their custody
in the State Hospitals. But as forcible deten
tion of the unfortunates Is necessary in all
cases. It sometimes happens that such asy
lums are used as engines of great oppression.
There may arise cases where certain sane an-1
competent persons may be duped- and coerced
by designing persons ' Interested in securing
their property, or interested In thetr lncarcei
atlon for other purposes. Because of the? pos
sible danger of such felonious coercion. I rec
ommend that the law be. amended so that the
State Lunacy Commission may have the pow
er upon inquiry and investigation, of liber
ating all competent persons therein confined.
In this connection I sujrzest that like power
b* vested in the said Lunacy Commission ot
liberating all competents found in any- of ths
State Hosnitals. As the law now stands, a
court proceeding must be first had. In order to
souks bepohted to ixavs
reached sutherland
Country Around Ximberly Being
Cleared of People, Livestock
and Feedstuffs. •
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 8.— It Is reported th«
Boers have reached Sutherland aad are
¦within twenty miles oJ the- village of
Plquetburg. The country around Klmber
ly Is being cleared of people, livestock
and feedstuffs. A commando of 150 loot
ed a cattle farm seven miles from Kam
berley. It la reported that all residents
of Vryburgr who aro unable to supply
themselves with provisions for two
months must be brought south.
e«rc!s« rigid economy In the cattsr ct iniall
as well as large expenditures, for extravagance
In tho management of th» Btat» may grow
great by the unnecessary addition ani mul
tiplication of what may appear to b« small
items.
I meat respectfully again request that a doss
examination may be made ct each measure,
both in the house as well as ia tha committee.
before It receives your final sanction. P«r
fectlon in legislation we cannot expect, but if
the lawmakers be earnest and active, and If
the laws passed be Intrinsically Just, their ob
ject conformable with tha prevalent public
spirit, and If they be expedient, then will such
measures contribute to the public welfarw.
The subordination of self to publlo obligation
It the first duty of tho legislator. Good laws
are the forceful expressions of. the publlo will.
To recognize the equity of th» law and to so
. frame Its provisions as to be adapted to the
general welfare tha legislator s&ould advi?e
himself cf the dominant sense of public right,
i When the Individual conscience of the legis
lator harmonizes -with the publlo conscience
the unfoldment of law Is both easy and rcascn
a-bl* and the legislation Is eommesauntt with
the public good and publlo demands.
Obeying the dictates or right conscience ani
swayed oy our sacred ofHoisi oeths, let us
patriotically, zealously and economically labcr
together, so as to assist lnthr* highest develop
ment of the State. HENRT T. OAG«:.
Governor of the Btat* of California.
to respond without the need of an appeal from
the people of Texas. "When Uie. reports, wf the
destruction reached me I communicated ¦with
th» Ooverncr cf Texas by wire, who responded
that the people of Ualvcston were In need of
ail possible help. Appreciating the necessity
cf ea organized movement for the distribution
«>f mosey In aid of lh« survivors and for the
burial of the dead. 1 appointed as a State
relief committee for the Texas sufferers the
following distinguished citizens of San Fran
cisco, namely. Mi —is. Isalas \\". Hellman.
Claus Epreckels. William Alvord.' F. "\V. Dohr
xrjLr.n, A. A. Watkins. Charles Nelson. Robert
J. Tcbia and J. L. Flood. Each cf tiie above
ramed citizens readil..- accepted tfte responsi
fclUty *ad unselfishly devoted his timn and at
tention to this roost humane work. - The t-om
mittee labored unremittingly in the cause of
the distressed people of Texas, and on the
r.tto day of September. 1&00, filed with me a
preliminary report a:ii thereafter «.n the 4th
day of December. ISmM. filed a final report of
their labors. The report Is an excellent and
business-like di-cum-nt. It shows that tlut
committee received anJ transmitted to Gover
nor tayers of Texas :i.r the relief of the suf
ferers cash contributi mR amounting ».o »1>.-
S71 41. and that the -vl^l contributions to the
Texas relief fund reported from the State of
California agBn-jrateU Si— a splendid tes
timonial to the gen.V'.suy of the people of
California aad to their fraierr.sn love for their
fellow citizens of oth-.T States.
Considering the oar..- and labor <J"voted by
the relief committee to this charitable object
1 beg leave here to publicly thank each end
t'.'. of the members of the committee and to
reoommend that a res >lution of thanks to all
the members of the relief committee be adopted
fcy jour honorable boat's.
CLAIMS OF COUNTIES
AGAINST THE STATE
Of the sources of fertile litigation against the
Plate the claims of counties predominate. Out
eifie speculators yearly employ attorneys to ex
i • .:: f- the county records and prepare county
.:-.- against the £tate. among which claims
ere those based upon the alleged care of
<:phaRs, half -orphans and abandoned children.
AUer the preparation of tuch claims these
FI«culators at-curo- contracts with the County
' . ¦ .:- of by which contracts
tficy may lay claim to a large }.-en:entage of
the county money in the event of recovery.
3:i COOMQUCace DC tt.f acts of these specula
tors county ola:m*-fi\.? ten and twenty years
Lack — are resurrected and i>rv*ented to the
] .• ¦ of nxaminers. suits being threatened in
lie event of Uis*!lowance.
Mary claims of thi* character, approximat
ing the sum of CM.9C0, axe now landing, all
« : w!m. h arose (if they have any real founda
f.on) long prior to my induction into oSfice.
The present administration ha* not only paid
rll claims prvjjer:y arising under it and charge
6l:> acainst it. but even claims due tix months
prior to its cemmrncement.
What was raid by me in my inaugural ad
<5>^-** applicable to a portion of such claims
nay be here reiterated:
"The spirit of the county officials which in
spires these demand* it neither patriotic nor
tusinestiike. The officers of the counties
e!.culd remember that th^se suits, if tuccesfful.
•will "return to plague the inventor" in the lortn
«f Increased taxation. The people of the State
v ill be. moreover, ultimately compelled to pay
threjgh taxation whatever amounts may be ex-
X*:ided by the several counties for the com-
I»-:>Kation of counsel and the jjayrnent of the
n'ner expenses Incident to the litigation: and
f'.r.c* the counties form a part of the trtate it
1 1 clear that they will gain nothing by tho liti
i-Kticn. but sustain a Ion of whatever sums
arc paid in their attempts to collect these
c--mnsis*ione." •
The time for the presentation cf claims of
• very nature by counties and persons against
rh« State should be limited by law. No county
claim arising mere than six months prior to
sn> new administration should be permitted to
I • paid by such administration. It is Impos
sible to obtain proof of the validity of euch
claams where years elarse before presentation.
It is proper, therefore, that a stringent law
thould be passed fcr the protection cf the State
< . ;r -t i^tate claims cf whatsoever nature.
MONEY IS NEEDED BY
DEBRIS COMMISSION
The tTdted States Government appropriated
S25<',oeC< In order to carry out. In conjunction
viih this State and Its officers, the purposes of
!!¦< act of the Legislature of. California, ap
!• roved March 14. 1S''S. entitled "An act to pro
vide for the arj'iiinment, duties and corr.pen
tr.tlon of & Debri* Commissioner, and to make
f.': appropriation to be expended under his di
rection ia the discharge cf his duties as fuch
< Commissioner," and as amended by an act of
trie Legislature passed under the administration
c.i Governor Eudd. approved March IT. IS97
<r-tatut«s of 1SST". p. 171. et e~Q.).
The plans for the work have t-e^n completed
Ty the officers appointed by the Federal Gov
*rr.njent, and have met with the Indorsement
and approval of the Debris Commissioner hold
itvtt this office by appointment of Governor
Vudd.
These plans- es prepared b.tA completed hy
the Federal officers, propose a joint expenditure
cf JSO0.000 by the United States Government and
the SLate of California. In order to fully eonj
ji<te the rr»at wcrk. but the pen»ral plan per
mits the work to be dcue ia sections, Bonje of
Vhich sections together w!!l cost $r.00.000.
When the State passed the acts of 1SS3 and of
2>$~ appropriating said sum of $250,000. It was
estimated that the whole work could be done j
Icr *.a"U «*>. ar.d It was dwm«5 proper. In view
ct the nature of the work proposed, that both
the State and nation should each pay one-half
thereof.
Accordlr-irly the Plate Board of Examiners
Jiave approved the said plans, with a proviso
•that-tli* Etate snail not be liable In any turn
it: excesi of the l-iO.OOO appropriated as afore-
Cfcid.
A part of the coctejr.plated work may there
fore be constructed and completed without fur
ther delay.
The Federal plar.* prcpo«e the construction
of dair.5, rtc, fcr the benefit of the important
•i.duetriPF at rcinicg and aprimlture.
It would api>ear to be c/mceded that the coa
fftruction rt th«*e works will at least tend to the
#«lutlr«i of a lriTig vex»d question between the
rniner and the farmer, and ret-uit in great bene
ft to the mininr counties of the mountains,
*¦ i the arnculturist* of the valleys below,
ns well as to Improve the navigability o£ the
Wfcile it If unusual icr the State »o join
Tiith the Federal Government in appropria
tion* <Je*ijrned m V used fcr the imjtrovement
r>; river* arrl harbor* within its boundaries,
FtfU It was thnujrtit advlRable by th» I^-r.sIa-
Ture maklnr the aforesaid appropriations to do
(. • in thi* tn«tance. becauF^ these proposed Im
provem' > :it5 '¦ere derimed to go beyond the
Uri'-t wop* of rivr-r imp'ovement*.
You will observe that, in ©raer to finally cm
riete ihe work undertaken, either the State
clone or rfce nati<..l» and Ptate ¦till he required
f> furr.lfh |3C\"A
It l.« to be hired that our Senators and Ilep
rei=entaUves in Congress fcw induce the United
Ftjitett Oovernrricnt to make up this shortage
vl'hnut further demandi 1 upon the State: but
*houM thlf be found lrr.r>osy!ble, and fhoula
ih» National Government ln?ltt that the orig
inal plan r>b'lgatf-d the f-tate to pay half of
thr> expense ft the completed work. then, in
view of the great benefit to be derived, rather
? t*nn pe* the work fail or remain Incomplete
efter the expenditure of COO.000 theretm. of
•which eum the State ha* already appropriated
fiV'.fV 1 . it would l>e well perhaps to make an
•LPpropris.tlon for the payment of half of euch
frmlanc*.
Arain, the particular mining counties to be
ali«o benefited r-y thii improvement, having for
Truiny years uncomplainingly paid taxes lntc
th«» State Treasury. «nd having had so much
lr*t> direct b*"n«"flt than the rest of the State
1n<-ia*nt t" public expend lturp« upon State
tiuildincs, etc.. for which all of the mountain
counties raid their proportions with the rest
cf the State, it is but Just perhaps that they
TO CHECK ASSAULTS
. IN STATE PRISONS
WASHINGTON. Jan." 8.— Thte Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day, in an opin
ion by Commissioner Prouty, announced
Its decision In the case of George J. Kln
dall and the Denver Chamber of Com
merce ajraln?t ; the Atchlson, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad Company and others.
The case involves the Jegality of greater
freight charges to Denver than to Sai,
Franesieo from the Missouri River and
points East; greater freight charges from
Denver than from the Missouri River and
points East to San Francisco; greater
freight charges to Denver than to the
Missouri River and points East from San
Krancisco; greater freig-ht charges from
Denver than from San Francisco to the
Missouri River and points East.
Water competition, the opinion says,
fixes the rate between New York and San
Francisco, and the carriers, in pursuance
of their own Interests, have recognized
the desire of Chicago and Missouri River
points to do business on the Pacific Coast,
and for that reason have given ¦ to Chi
cago and points on the Missouri River a
rate in no case higher arid in-many cases
lower than obtains at New York. The
commission says if these railroads have
carried the rate which water competition
fixes. 1400 miles from the Atlantic sea
board, they must not ship there. Neither
the desire to do business nor the right to
do business ceases with the Missouri Riv
er. Denver, 1000 miles west of Chicago,
may demand the same treatment which
its rival cities have received.
It is held by the commission that the
rates complained of are in violation of the
fourth and third sections of the act to
regrulate commerce, and that as a matter
of general application rates at Denver to
or from the East or to and from the Pa
cific Coast ought not to be higher than
those between Pan Francisco or other Pa
cific Coast terminals and the Missouri
River or points Kast. In the case of east
bound traffic the carriers' contention that
the rate of sugar might be higher to Den
ver than to the Missouri River Is sus
tained. It being found that the commis
sions governing the traffic are different
when It is carried to Missouri River
points than when it stops at Denver. The
commission decides also that Denver Is
not entitled, by reason of its being nearer
San Francisco, to a lower rate than that
In force from the Missouri River.
detention would In all likelihood impair serious
ly his health, and he had at the time the par
don was granted served more than five months
of his sentence.
Second— Ysabel Molina, a Mexican subject,
was convicted in Kern County of the crime of
murder !n the first decree for the killing of
Amellano • Ramos, a Mexican or Indian, at
Bakersfield, In December, 1897, and was on De
cember 11, 1S99, sentenced by the Judge of the
Superior Court to be executed at the prison ot
San Quentln on January 12, 19C0. On the 31st
day of December, 1899, I received a telegraphic
appeal from the Mexican Embaspador at Wash
ington requesting an examination into the case,
and the extension of clemency to the con
demned.
Upon an examination of the records In tho
Executive Department, I discovered that cer
tain papers had not been transmitted to me
from the Superior Court of Kern County, as
required by law. and also that It would be
necessary. In view of the prisoner's record,
that the Supreme Court should pass upon the
question of the exercise of clemency. Therefore,
on January 6. 1900, I reprieved the sentence of
the prisoner until April 6, 1900, In order to se
cure the needed records and to enable a ma
jority of the Justices of tho Supreme Court of
the State to pass upon the recommendation for
clemency. Subsequently, and, before the expira
tion of the reprieve, I submitted all the rec
ords transmitted to me bearing upon the case
to the Justices of the Supreme Court. On the
3<1 day of April, 1900. I received from a- majority
of the Justices of the Supreme Court a recom
mendation that the sentence of the prisoner be
commuted to Imprisonment for life, as prayed
for. None of the other Justices of the Supreme
Court Indicated an opinion to the contrary.
1'pon a review of the testimony In the case I
determined that the killing occurred as the
consequence of a brawl with the deceased, and
that the recommendation of the learned Judges
¦was In conformity with Justice. Therefore,
agreeably to the recommendation of the Su
preme Justices, on the fifth day of April, A. I>.
1900, I commuted the sentence of Ysabel Mo
lina to imprisonment. for life.
Third— Harry 'Winters, convicted of murd«*r
In the first degree In San Mateo Countj-. was
f< nfTicfi to be executed on October 27. 1J99,
at the State Prison at . Folsom. Prior to the
date of the sentence, to wit. on October 9, IS??,
Warden Aull of the prison died, and the Attor
ney General having given his opinion that th»
sentence could not be carried into effect on
October 27, 1S99, by reason of the failure of
the Prison Directors to elect a new Warden. I
therefore, on October 26, 1S33. reprieved the
sentence of said Harry Winters until December
8, 1S99, on which day said prisoner was exe
cuted according to law — a new Warden having
been previously elected.
Fourth— George Puttman was convicted of the
crime of murder In the- first degree for Killing:
a fellow convict In the State Prison at Fol«om,
on September 18. 1900, and was. afterward, by
an order of the Judge of the Superior Coutt of
Sacramento County, sentenced to.be executed
a*, eald prison, on October 6, 1900. Upon peti
tion by his counsel that he desired to perfect
his appeal to the Supreme Court from the iudc
ment-of death, and he belnjr by section 12.13
of the Penal Code entitled to sixty days In
which to perfect- paid appeal, and-sald date of
sentence being l9?s than the time allowed de
fendant by law to perfect his' said appeal, on
the third day of October, 190O, I reprieved the
sentence of said prisoner until November- 13,
1000, on which day said prisoner was executed
according to law.
iThe discipline of the State Prison must be
preserved. Prisons are not only Intended for
the reform of the prlsoner-and as an example
to the lawless element of the community but
likewise for punishment of crimes. The great
est vigilance of the prison officers cannot pre
vent occasional outbursts of violence where
criminals are kept together in such numbers as
In this State. It has been a matter of observa
tion that in many cases, where desperate con
victs have been setenced to life imprison
ment.-a spirit of abandon has overcome them.
Knowing that they are immune from any
higher- punishment, where crimes less than
murder are committed by them within the
prison walls, they have sometimes feloniously
assaulted the turnkeys, guards and even their
follow^ prisoners. The case of Jacob Oppen
heimer at Sun Quentln is more notorious and
suggestive of the need of legislation than that
of Puttman at the . Folsom Prison. Oppen
helmer, a vicious life prisoner and a ringleader
of a few desperate convicts, had inade felonious
assaults upon guards and fellow prisoners,, and
on one occasion he attempted to strangle one
of the guards. On another occasion he delib
erately stabbed one of the* guards a number of
times. Inflicting severe, wounds. He seemed
r.ot to dread -the ordinary punishment of the
prison. This and other examples of the crim
inal . deeds of ¦ life convicts bid me urge . the
passage of a law which shall make It a. crime
punishable with death for any life convict to
feloniously make an assault . with Intent. to do
great bodily harm upon any person.' .
I am satisfied that the enactment of such a
law would tend to sustain the, discipline of our
State prisons by holding out' the dread alter
native of death to such of the abandoned life
prisoners as devote their spare moments to the
hatching of infamous plots. - - '
The number of prisoners confined, in the State
prisons is 2045. of which number 1293 are con
fined . in San Quentln ¦ and 762 in Folsom. . Of
these 2045 State prisoners only . nineteen are
women — these latter being confined In the State
prison at San Quentln. .This exceedingly small
number of female convicts, unparalleled In any
State in the Union, is a splendid testimonial to
the characters of . the women of California.'.- 1 — ¦'¦
There are frequently appeals made on v be
half of State prisoners who are ' not ¦ permitted
to be paroled under the provisions of an act
of March 23, 1S93, entitled "An act to establish
Hoard of Parole Commissioners "for the parole
of< and ; Eovernment ¦ of paroled prisoner!, ", and
DECISION IS
GIVEN THE
BIG RATE CASE
Merchants of Denver
Win Against San
Francisco.
CHARGES -ARE TOO HIGH
Interstate Gommission Holds
Coast Should Not Have •
Differentials.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CALL BUREAU. UM G STKt'Ul 1 . N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.-Robert Bur
ton Rodney, tho retired paymaster of Uio
navy, whose family troubles have attract
ed much attention, has been deserted r>y
his younsr bride of two months. He 1*
making dlllgrent search tor her. but irtta
out success. Mrs. Rodney and Mis* Co;«.
her cousin and companion, whom th« pay
master charges as beln? at the bottom or
his family troubles, left the Rodney home
In Thirteenth street last Saturday. On
Friday Miss Cole lost her ault affaJnst
Mr. Rodney for wares due her. That
night, after the two women had retired.
It Is alleged Mr. Rodney went to their
room and, forcing 1 hla-way in. proceeded
to wreak, veseeaace on several of tha
chairs for the cold way In which his brine
treated him. One of lha women b!*w a
police call and a policeman came. Mr.
Rodney, It is said, remarked that ha
wanted to show that ho had. the lixht to
enter his wife's room and then seated
himself on top of th«j sleps and laughed
hysterically.
Alleges That Miss Cole, Whom He
Defeated at Law, Has Caused
His "Wife to Leav« .
Further Troubles for the
Navy Paymaster Who
Was Recently Sued.
YOUNG BRIDE
DESERTS RODNEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY;^ JANUARY 9, 1901.
(Continued from Third P&ge.)
HON. CAMPBELL P. BERRY
GOES TO HIS LONG REST
Was an Early Pioneer- and- Served Terms in
Congress and the Legislature.
SENATORS IN HOT ARGUMENT
ON ARMY CANTEEN QUESTION
Sewell and Hawley Declare the Post Ex
change Tends to Promote Discipline.
4
GOVERNOR GAGE'S MESSAGE
/•SjSjSrK ONE PIIDCC
/vSiik bottle Lunhb
/ MCBURNEY'S
Y^ *W Kidney'^!!'
ty r A thorough euro tor
R^l . Q pairj in tho back.
VJ Jk BRICHTS DISEASE,
yJv 21 r /^ female troubles, lncca-
tiueuceof urlae, hrict dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stoae*.
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DHUO CO.. Iia Sl.irirt »t.
AND AT i
DAHLBEXDEK DKUO CO.. HI Kearny St..
Send 25c in 2: stamps to TV. F. McRurney. '
418 S. Sprinir «t., Loa AnfffW. «M., tar $
•Says" treatment. T*t»t>*1<1 $1 W. tVrurjrtsts
What a large proportion of the time of
the well is necessarily devoted to and
lost in the care of the sicK.
An army of Physicians. Nurses and
Watchers, etc.
One sicK member of the family upsets
the whole current of domestic affairs,
and social and business interest suffers.
Sleepless nights and anxious days tend
to undermine the health of those who are
well.
The direct cost of sickness is an item
impossible : to, estimate : .even the -direct
cost — could ?i ~it"£be coipputed ~£r would , .be;
somethingjappalling. ? ; - << r v^ ;"/ ~ .: **fg=
Health is maintained by resorting to the
use of Warner's Safe Cure just as soon
as the liver shows signs of torpidity
or . the kidneys give
suspicion of weakness.
FREE SAMPLE^ This great Kidney and
Bend postal for fre« sample Liver Specific relies
ZSSiUZZgSiZ'- upon the verdict of tho
Bocbester. N.T; ': iisntia* : wof Id after 2 1 y ears
this paper. trial.
COST OF SICKNESS.
AD V HRxia r; nfisji xs.
BDTTCUT7Q for'barukrs. bak:
brewers, bookbinders, candy- rcak era. cann*ns
dyers, flourmlll*, foundries, laun<Trt<»s, paper*
hanRers, printers, painters, shoe TaotorUa, »ta-
blemen, tar-roofer*, tinn'n, taller*. •?<».
BUC«A>A>\ EROis.
Brush Manufacturers. COD Sacramento Ss
I B. KATSCHINSKI, |
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
H 10 Third St.. San Francisco. p,
I Don'tOverlookThis!
M Com* right down and buy a barrain
Li before the;- are all gone. We are clear-
J in* out all oar brokeix lin«a la LA DIES'
W FIXE LACH mn<S BUTTON SHOES in
H Vlcl kid. patent leather, kangaroo calf
N and box calf; coin or square toes and '
ji tips; hand turned and hand welted I
n sole*. These shoes formerly sold from
B f3 to to. but w« are off;rln< them b*fons
1 stock taking for $1.35 per pair. "We
tl have every s!ze> In some style on AA.
j A, B and C widths, and some sryle In
H the following; width*: D. E and ETC:
S alz-s 24 to* and 6 to I.
I g§ 6PECIAL FOR THE CHILDREN- P *
Eg Broken lines In lace and buttcn shoes, I
|9 i kid or patent leather with vesting toes. I
P turned soles and spring heels: made by t
ft Laird. Schober & Co. and J. and T. E
t Cousins. Widths A to C itzea i to L I
K Reduced from Jl 50 to 05c L
f: We do not guarantee t» fin country.
b orders. . |
H Only one pair sold to each customer.
f None of these bargains will be sold
E retail shoe dealers. J
* NOTICE— Th!s store closes at • p. a. I
f- week days and 11 p. m. Saturday, and ]
D will continue to close at those hours 1
B PROVTDET> ALL OTHER SHOE = '
h STORES WILL DO THE SAME. j
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
L 10 THIRD ST. San Francisco. ;nament— Postpone Ladies'- Night,
at Request of Cdnxmittee.
OAKLAND, "Jan. 8.— The Reliance Club
has postponed "ladles' night"- . until -Mon
day evening, to give the entertainment
committee more time to arrange the pro
gramme. - The monthly - boxing tourna
ment will be held . Friday evening. The
matches are as follows: Joe Sullivan and
Bobby Martin will meet in the first con
test, 10 rounds, at 120 pounds;" Bonar Wlit
and Pat Malloy will meet in the second,
10 rounds, at 148 pounds, and George Bak
er of Ban Jose and Tommy Cox of Aus
tralia will meet In t the main event,' 15
rounds, at 129 pounds, ringside. ¦ . - _¦
BOXING BOUTS AT
THE RELIANCE CLUB
Contestants Ready for Monthly Tour-
R ANGOOX, British Burmah. /an. 8.—
Sir Edward Spence" Symes.' Chief Secre
tary of the Government of Burmah since
1SS0 and a member of : the Legislative
Council of India, while in a carriage to
day shot himself -In the head. He is
lingering between life, and death.
Try to Hang Superintendent.
' TOPEKA, Kans... Jan. ; 8.— Most , of the
miners ; in the .Weir City.; mining } district
are out on a strike. " The trouble resulted
over the introduction of some non-union
miners and : the . refusal of the companies
to grantihigher wages. -There was a riot
at one of the mines ; to-day,' in -which ¦ an
attempt was made to hang. one of the su
«ejrtn,ten4en.tap ¦ -J
Chief Secretary -of Government of
Burmah'ond Member of Indian
. .Council Attempts Suicide.
Grand, Jury, of New York Returns In-
V dictmonts "Against Three of
the Accused.
NEW YORK.; Jan. 8.— The Grand, Jury
to-day returned indictments against Clin
ton Marshall. ;J. R. Dean and ; Eugene
Davtsi'-'Bellevue. Hospital nurses, for
manslaughter In the 'first degree in the
killing of Louis HilUard.
After Milliard's 'death it was found that
several of his ribs were/ broken, and it jraa
BELLEVUE NURSES CHARGED
WITH MANSLAUGHTER
Thief's Head and Causes
His Flight-'
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 8.— A masked man
entered the Chequaml this
morning, and. backed by a big > revolver,
proceeded to go through the cash regis
ter. One of. the waiters, coming from a
private room,' threw a'sugar bowl at the
robber. It missed him and smashed the
glass in the cigar, case. The robber shot
once and disappeared, having obtained
only about . ?20 in silver and overlooking
in his haste several hundred dollars in
bills. . .
Latter Throws a Sugar-Bowl at the
DESPERATE BOBBER IS
FOILED BY A WAITER
Commodore, Sidney S. Marshall; vice
commodore, Charles Clark: secretary, G.
Wakeman; treasurer, J. J. Hanlnn Jr.;
directors at large, Harold Martin and C.
A. Danly; port, captain, A. M. Clay; meas
urer, J. T. Carrier: regatta committee-
August Branders, Eugrene Flanders and
N. JU Mead.
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 22.— In foreign com
mercial circles there is much feeling over
a second decision in the customs over an
importation of liquors, .which, though
marked by the United States authorities
as exactly in accordance with samples
previously submitted and upon which
the duty, had been declared, \ is now
charged a rate of two and a half times
as much as that at first fixed.
The commercial crisis has assumed an
acute aspect, trade being at a complete
standstill. It is freely predicted that a
great number of the weaker houses will
go to the wall. The, recent excess of im
portations has filled the warehouses with
unsalable goods, which, though duly or»
dered by tne Japanese merchants, cannot
be taken delivery of In the present tight,
condition of the money market. As a con
sequence the foreign merchants are af
fected by the times, no improvement in
which can be looked for until the Chi
nese imbroglio Is settled. When that hap
pens a substantial bettering of things, if
not a decided boom, is confidently anticl-
P *It e i3 a somewhat singular fact that not
withstanding the, immense development
of American interests in tho East, there
has not , been 'up: to this date a single
American newspaper in the Orient* out
side of Manila. This want is now, how.
ever, likely to be filled, Inasmuch as the
Japan Advertiser has been purchased by
an American syndicate and will be estab
lished and run henceforward in the In
terests of American trade.
- — r» *
Predictions Made That Many
¦ % Smaller Firms Will
Collapse.
JAPAN FACING
TRADE CRISIS
George Byers. the colored pugilist who
if matched to fight Jack Root before the
National Sporting Club on January 18, ar
rived in this city yesterday morning. He
v.-ill go into training at once, the Sell
Rock House having been selected by his
manager, W. J. Ratigan, as training quar
ters
Byers Arrives.
PARIS, Jan. 8.— Whispers of a forth
coming duel of Intense social Interest
were heard to-day In the Paris clubs and
salons. The principals in the affair will
be Comte de Lubersac and Baron .Robert
de Rothschild, son of Baron Gustave de
Rothschild. . .
: It will be remembered that during the
early part of last spring Comte de Luber
sac. challenged Baron Robert de Roths
child, against whom he was said to have
a long standing : grievance, due to an in
cident that happened when both were
youths. As, however. Baron Robert de
Rothschild ,was a minor, Comte de
Lubersac's second refused to accept the
responsibility of the meeting. The duel
consequently did not take place. In spite
of Baron Robert de Rothschild's protesta
tions. Baron Robert will attain his ma
jority In a few days and it is reported
that a meeting will be arranged and. a
duel fought between* the 13th and 20th of
this month.
Special Cable to Th« Call and New York Her
ald. Coryrlsht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Comte de Lubersac Will Be
the Antagonist of the
Young Man.
YOUNG ROTHSCHILD
TO FIGHT DUEL
JAMESTOWN, N. D.. Jan. 8.— The
Northern Pacific has sold all its lands In
this State, amounting to 1,400,000 acre*,
to a syndicate of New York and Eastern
capitalists. Ranches will be established.
Big Sale of Land.
DENVER, Jan. >8.-Dr. Robert Law
rence, a young dentist, shot himself In the
head to-day while lying on a couch besKle
his wife. Death resulted instantly. The
doctor's suicide i3 attributed to despond
ency and despair o>er the condition of hi*
wife.
Dentist Shoots Himself.
ffis&ss? fessr 1 "° or hI3 lnJurles
Yolo Supervisors Organize.
WOODLAND, Jan. 8.— The Board, of Su
pervisors reorganized yesterday. J. : , "W.
Bandy and Chairman , Fredericks retired
and , were succeeded by TV J. Vaughn and
George Hoppin. . W. O. -Russell of. N the
Pavi3Vllle district was elected chairman. 1 1
Its Passage.
•WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.— The SenaU
Committee on Agriculture concluded to
day to close the hearing'on the oleomar
garine bill after the hearing next Thurs
day. .The time, to-morrow will be given to
the opponents of the bill, and the dairy
men will be allowed the closing day.
Attorney Schnell of Cincinnati, who held
the ¦ floor the greater part of yesterday,
closed at the forenoon sitting to-day. He
asserted that the oleomargarine man.
ufacturers did not encourage deception on
the part of the dealers, but'on the . con
trary always warned, them against the
sale of oleomargarine as butter.
Mr. Schnell was followed by a delega
tion of cotton-seed-oil men, who opposed
the passage of the bill. Their spokes
man, E. F. Tompkins of Charlotte, N. C.,'
representing the. Cotton-Growers* Asso
ciation of me South, said the destruction
of the oleomargarine business would
mean a serious loss to them.- About 200 000
barrels of refined cotton-seed oil Is used
annually in making ; oleomargarine, and
the demand is increasing..
Cotton-Seed Oil Men and Cotfon-
Growtrs' Association Oppose
EOON TO CLOSE HEARING
ON OLEOMARQABINE BHiL
Monday the search for the bodies of Mrs.
J. M. Bennett and two children was re
sumed along Sullivan Creek. Many
volunteers from Sonora took part. The
remains of the mother was found first,
one mile below the point where they en
tered the stream, embedded in the sand
with dnftwood about it % Two miles below
the body of the boy was discovered,
wedged between rocks. The remains of
the 11-year-old daughter have * not been
found. The funeral of the mother and
son took place from the Presbyterian
church at Sonora this afternoon. There
was a large attendance of ladies.
J. M. Bennett, the father, is a poor man.
The citizens of Sonora raised J125 to de
fray the expenses of the funeral. Ben
nett Is nearly crazed with grief. The
family, notwithstanding the fierceness of
Sunday's storm, was moving from a
ranch four miles above Sonora into this
city. Mr. Bennett was driving a team,
hauling their household effects. The
mother and children drove on ahead. He
warned Mrs. Bennett not to ford the
creek, but to cross the bridge half a mile
below. When he drew near the bridge
his attention was attracted by the family
dog barking on the bank of the stream.
The dog had gone with Mrs. Bennett, but
there was no trace of her or of the light
wagon. Bennett's fears were ' aroused.
He mounted one of his horses and hurried
to Sonora. On reaching there he 'learned
that his wife had not been there and
realized that she and the children had
been drowned.
Citizens of Sonora Come to the Aid of
the Bereaved* Husband and
Defray Expenses.
JAMESTOWN, Jan. 8.-Bright and early
BODIES OF MBS. BENNETT
AND ONE CHILD FOUND
Fir and a half furlor.es. selling — Varro won,
F'.o^twing second. Lady Haymaa third. Tirue,
1:KK.
XETV ORLEANS. Jan. 8.— The track
•was heavy and lumpy. Coburn, the boy
vhose presence is desired in California,
arrived to-day. He will not be allowed to
ride at this meeting. Results:
One mil*, eelllne— -"W". B. Gates won. Plan
tain serond, Titus third. Time, 1:47.
Six furlonrs. telling— Emigre won. Weidemaa
woni. Early Bird third. Time. lrlT'i. ¦
Seven rurlonss, Belling— Domadre won. Spurs
f<"-ond. Reducer third. Time. 1:42.
Jacksnn handicajt. one and one-quarter miles
— Ber. Chance ¦vron, Moii- Warrcaa eeconfl,
Strangest third. Time. 2:i5.
Peven furloors. fellln™ — Hir.f«d_le won. Made
Meree e*cond. Denny rxjffy third. Time, 1:33.
Hesults at New Orleans.
OAKLAND, Jan. 8.— The California
Yacht Club at its annual meeting to
night withdrew from the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Racing Association. This is
the first step in an effort to cause the
dissolution of the association which for
five years has controlled the regattas for
the Macdonough and Commodore Law
cups. The plan involves a new organiza
tion of racing yacht owners to be formed
independently of the existing yacht clubs.
The chief reason for the present action
is the opposition of the club to the pay
ment * of - assessments for regattas, in
which but a small representation from
thf club is made. &»M»*efflSWS*»
The Callfornlans to-night appointed the
following committee to confer-with the
Enolnal Yacht Club on the question of
consolidation: Commodore Sidney S. Mar
shall, Port Captain A, M. Clay, B. N.
Walter, L. S. Sherman and A. J. Story. .
The following officer* were elected:
Their Favorite Sport.
Governing Body to Control
YACHTSMEN WITHDRAW
FROM THE ASSOCIATION
Oakland Owners Will Organize a New
Track Notes.
Ike Morehouse. "the Montana turfman,
Frank Phillips' bay horse Sam Fullen
met some moderate platers in the Becond
event, and 1 to 2 looked like finding a lit
tle spare change. He took some urging
the tlrpt part of the tour, thouch winning
eventually at leisure from Ting-a-L.lng
and Juva. Simon D with O'Connor up
commanded considerable support, but his
uhowing did not warrant the same.
Galanthus also was introduced In the
mile selling affair, for three-year-olds,
where he shone as a star. Seven to ten
was at first laid about Coffey's gelding,
and J. Daly landed him first six lengths
before Screenwall Lake. J. Ransch on
Litmus finished third, and bhould have
been second.
The track looked made to order for
Malay, causing the brown horse to be
sent to the post a 11 to 20 chance for the
mile and a quarter run. Added to this,
Winnie O'Connor had the leg up. Pedro
Enos, astride the 10 to 1 shot Lou Rey.
took the conceit out of the entire nve
starters by leading from start to nnisn,
beating Malay six open lengths. Locochee
could not untrack himself the first part.
finally tumblin* 1-to third place at tn©
At odds of 6 to 1 Ordnunff, ridden by
Buchanan, proved to be a noble work of.
art In the 6ix-furlcngr sprint, fifth to be
decided. When Hermoso had tired after
\ainly endeavoring to pass Gibraltar,
Ordnung took the lead In the stretch.
Anjou now came fast from the rear, but
Ordnung held him safe, getting over the
mark a length in front. Hermoso, a 13 to
10 favorite, ran into the show.
Ike Morehouse, the Montana turfman,
made quite a clean-up in the last event
over the win of his black gelding Espi
rsmdo. Opening In the ring at 7, there was
no better than 4 at post time. Bassinger
had the mount, and getting away well
eoon took the lead and won all the way.
O'Connor got up with Alicia, downing the
favorite. Torsida. for place honors.
First choices in the ring did not pass
the hours as happily as they might have
done. Sam Fuller and Galanthus scored
at short odds, after which the story is to
be continued.
Old Ringmaster furnished the sensation
al feature of the sport by capturing the
first race at odds of 50 to 1, beating Birdie
Stone and Greenock in a hard drive. The
first named filly carried what Is termed
the "educated money," her price falling
from 6 to 4^ to L Nothing: much was ex
pected of Greenock. Fauntleroy, the col
ored lad, piloted the rank outsider, and
while the big chestnut gelding showed
much improvement it must be understood
he is a confirmed invalid, and a reversal
in this instance must be overlooked.
ONLY a rider with a microscopic
vision could perceive any differ
ence In the going- at Oakland
track yesterday. . The course was
simply a sea of mud, and the
chances of several horses were ruined by
their riders taking them out wide at the
turns, when the footing next the rail was
fully as good, if not better.
Probable Winners.
First R_c«— __,_• Gibbons, Modwena, Dun
boy.
Second Rac*— Meehanus, Grand Sachem, Rio
Chi co.
Third Rac*— Prestano, J. V. Klrby, Wedding
Day.
Fourth R_c»— Flatterer, Telephone Girl, Rol
lick.
Fifth Race— Beraota, Horton. Lady Meddle
some.
Sixth race— Saintly, Jerld, Flamero.
took $3500 out of the ring on the -»in of
Kspirando.
Albert Simons still -wears his bidding
up clothes. After Lou Rey had won the
fourth race, entered to be sold at $300,
Albert raised the price to $500 and
"Dutch" Otermeyer let the horse go. The
son of El Rio Rey has shown great Im
provement of late and Is certainly worth
the amount.
Greenock Is about due to win the Burns
handicap now.
Following- are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five and a half furlonga; four
year-olds and up; selling:
1301 Mainstay 105 1613 Tlngr-a-Lln* ...98
1523 Rosalbra 105 S17 Modwena 100
656 Mad Anthony.. 102 1570 Little Mlnch Jr.102
1553 Synla 100 (1594)H. Thatcher.... 9S
1419 Katie Gibbons. 100 1594 King's Pal .... 98
1553 Ulloa 100 1582 Dunboy 102
Second Rac» — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; selling:
1600 Matt Hogan ..101 1603 Grand Sachem.104
1551 'Wallenstein ...101 1603 Meehanus .... 110
1610 Billy Lyons.... 88 1607 Rio Chlco 104
IMS Prestidigitator 101
Third Race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
rurse:
1602 J. V. Kirby....lO5 .... Wedding Day. .110
1602 S. Llchtenstein.lOS By Torso-Happy
157S Dr. Scharff 10S Maiden.
1E78 Prestano 105 .... 113
1602 Lento 10S B. c, by Clifford-Alt*
1602 Dan Collins ...103 C,
Mike Murphy ..110 Prestene 110 •
By Yankee Doodle-Nlta By Imp. Prestonpans-
Murphy. Bena.
.... Pepper Sauce. ..113 .... Little Master.. .113
By The Pepper- Abra By Buck master- Little
Daly. Nell.
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up: selling:
15S3 Telephone Girl. 89 1480 Gold Badge .... 91
1584 Rollick 101 1517 La Mascota....l07
1607 Flatterer 104 1597 Sam Howard... Ill
1592 Necklace 107
Fifth Race— One mile and fifty yards; three
y^ar-olds; selling:
(1608)Bernota 88 1549 Mitten 99
1604 L. Meddlesome. 107 1587 Horton 109
1611 Sybarla 106
Sixth Race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling:
1546. Maud FergusonlOfl 1584 Osmond 103
1C21 Flamero 102 161S Blmon D 102
1598 Jerid 105 (1344)Nors. Ive» 100
1601 Saintly 102 1599 Casdale 102
1682 Duckoy 98 15S5 Don Luis 102
.... John Welch S3 1692 Dunblane 101
By IF 1 . E3. _^XJIL,I_:O_l,I__^._Sr_D. #
Coursing Club met 'in annual session last
right at Pythian Hall, elected officers for
the following year and settled upon a new
rpecial annual stake. With few excep
tions the hoard of last year will continue
to hold office.
P.obcrt K. Malcolm was elected presi
dent; R. E. fie B Lopez, first vice presi
dent: Mitchell Curtis, second vice presi
dent: K. I_ Tavlor. secretary, and 8. W.
Smith, treasurer..
An executive committee was appointed
ns follows: H. H. Gray. J. A. Klein J.
H. Haltea. C. C. Grlswold and J. R.
Dixon.
It was also decided to hold _ new an
r.'u_l event, which will be called the Cali
fornia Plate, an all-age t-take, limited to
r.inety-six entries. 110 entrance fee. This
rtake will be Inaugurated on February 22,
L" and 24. In ail-age events It will be sec
end or_y to the John Grace challenge cup.
Election of Officers at Annual Meet
ing of Important Coursing
Organization.
About thirty members of the Interstate
BIG A_r_TC__L STAKE
OP INTERSTATE CLTJ3
E ASTON, Pa.. Jan. 8.— Frank Welch,
the pugilist, died to-day from the effectB
of his fight at Cedar Park, Phlllipsburg,
N. J., on New Year's eve with Paddy
Donovan. Warrants are out for the ar
rest of some thirty men connected -with
the fight. Donovan and several others are
In jail at Belvidere, N. J.
Pugilist Dies After Fight
LONDON, Jan. 8.— In regard to the criti
cism of the secrecy with which the build
ing of the Shamrock II Is surrounded,
compared with the publicity In the case
of the construction of the defending
yacht. Sir Thomas Llpton says:
"I don't believe the Herreachoffs are let
ting out any details. The secrecy we are
observing is nothing to what the Herres
choffs exercised with their last boat
Why, they even launched It at night:
Moreover, do you suppose. I would chal
lenge again unless I believed Watson had
discovered an important improvement?
Why should I let the world know the
nature of that improvement? Watson
thinks secrecy is necessary and I perfect
ly agree with him."
portant New Discovery Relative
to Yacht's Design.
Says That Watson Has Made an Im-
I/IPTON" T_XI/S WHY TTT 1 .
• IS GUARDING HIS PLANS
CHICAGO, Jan. 8.— Expert bowlers from
all over the country, representing nearly
every prominent bowling organization,
began their three days', tournament to
day for the first bowling championship of
the United States. Th* tournament, held
under the auspices of the American Bowl-
Ing Congress, includes bowling for the
five-men, two-men and the individual
championships, and the closest competi
tion is expected before the final games are
played.
While the men's championships are be
ing decided in the new alleys on Wabash
avenue, the women bowlers will hold their
first annual championship at Mussey's al
ley. Entries are large In all of the events
and close contests arj anticipated.
At noon to-day tne annual session of I
the American Bowling Congress was held
in the Masonic Temple.
the Country Meet in
Chicago.
CH___TPION BOWLEBS
ENGAGE IN TOXJUNAMENT
. l
Expert Players From All Over i
SAN _>IEGO. Jan. 8.*-The rain of yea- j
terday left the Coronaclo golf links In ex
cellent condition for the exhibition to-day
between Willie Smith Hud David Bell, the
champions of the East, who have come to
California for a month or two at various
resorts where winter golf is engaged in.
Mr. Smith says that the Coronado Iink3
are In beter condition and- far superior to
the famed Florida links and says thai -If
the other links of the State are like those
of Coronado there should be no difficulty
in bringing all the devotees of winter golf
to this coast, i .
When the two gTeat players commence<l
play this morning at 10 o'clock they were
attended on the rounds by an enthusiastic
gallery of golfers from the big hotel.
After a preliminary nine holes, the cham
pions played an exhibition eighteen holea,
their scores being: Smith, 44-42; Bell, 42
44. Smith won one up. This afternoon
Bell and Colonel Cotton of Coronado
played at two ball witn Willie Smith and
Bartlett Richards, BeU and Cotton win
ning- two up. the score beine: Bell 'and
Cotton, 43; Smith and Bartlett Richards,
45. To-morrow Bell and Jack Anderecon
are to play an eighteen-hole game with
Smith and J. 'G. Blair. Alexander Smith,
the local professional, Is* ill and has-been
unable to play.
The visiting professional* are to be on
the coast for two months or more and are
scheduled as follows: Los Angeles. Janu
ary 10 to 18: Santa Monica, January 17
and IS: Santa Barbara. January 18 to 25;
Redlands, Janury 27 and 28; Riverside,
January 29 ajid 30: Pasadena, January 31
to February 6; Del Monte, February 7 to
2S: Oakland, March 1 and 2; Burlingame,
March 3 and 4: San Francisco (Presidio
links). March 5 and 6; Los Angeles, March
8 to 14: Catalina, March 15 to 18; Coron
ado, March 19 to 31.
Prophecy That California Will Be the
Mecca of Devotees, of the
Sport During Winter
Months.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Willie Smith and David Boll
Play an Exhibition
CRACK GOLFERS
AT CORONADO
.1012. FIRST RACE— Seven furlonga: three-year-olda and up; purse, ?S50.
*~~ Po. , Betting
Index Horse, Age. Weight. IPst St. »,i- %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. Pi
16M Ringmaster, a... 109 5 8 68 Sh .46 m Fauntleroy 15 50 40-10
1413 Birdie Stone. 3... 83 3 4 3 1 IS 13 2 h J. T. Woods 4 6 »-2 6-5
1601 Greenock. 4 119 81 lh 42 2h 31 N. Turner.. 7-10 7-10 7-10 1-3
1SSX. Phil Archibald, 3.103 6 5 4H 2H 3% 44 Frawley ... 8 10 8 3
1599 St. Rica. 3 91 4 7 S4 6 12 C10 6h F._AVebster. 4 7 7 2
15S9 Im. Mlstra.1 II. a.li: 7 6 2h 62 6 10 65 Enos 7 15 15 5
1576 Evlrato. 6 1C9 12 7 7 1 7 Basslnger .. 25 200 200 50
Time— '%, :13^; K, :3Sii; %. l:04Vt: v». 1:31. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
O. Aj->r-l^by' s ch - &¦ by Buckmaster-Grlzette. Fauntleroy saved a vast amount of ground
by ehort turn Into stretch. Turner on Greenock waited too long. Blrdio Stone was heav
ily played. _ St._ Klca_ no_ account In mud. .
1013. SECOND RACE-Flve and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and up; ptrso. *3S0.1
Po. ~ , Betting >
Index j Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1SB isam Fullen. 4....101 91 ZZ 34 82 12 lBuehanan-.. 1-2 1-2 1-2 —
13S3 (Tlntf-a-Llng, 4... 96 2 2 22 21 2 li 2 4 . Ransch 12 30 30 8
1457 Juva, 6 100 8$ 6h 42 42 32 Mounce .... 8 15 10 3
1533 Gold Baron. 6.. ..102 7 3 11 13 1 h ' 4 h Basslnger 20 100 BO SO .
1 1530 Simon D, 8 104 47 51 62 BS 62 O'Connor ... 3 18-6 1S-5 «-10
i 1569 Onyx. 6 102 5 9 10 81 626 10 Tullett 10 40 20 8
1322 jsunmer, 4 103 6 10 91 92 82 78 Er.os 10 60 60 20
1428 Sarsfield. 4 9S 10 8 4 H 6 H 7 n • 8 2 Feary . 60 150 100 50
1562 J. Doherty, 4.... 9S15 7h 7 h 93 94 Matthews .. 20 200 200 50
12C9 H. Gwynne, a.. .105 8 4 8 h 10 10 10 J. Woods.... 50 60 25 8
Time— 1-16. .07; 3-16. :19; 7-16, :44; 5%f, 1:10. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. F. Phillips' b. h. by Imp. Cavalier-Lena Oliver. Sam won easily after get
ting to the front. Simon D not up to much. Tlng-a-Ling Improving right along. Scratch
ed—Choteau 98. Genua 100.
1014. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; threc-year-oids ; puree. $350.
I Po. I I, BettinK »
Index jHorse and Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl.
l."S7 Galanthus 94 12 42 46 14 16 J. Daly 7-10 7-10 11-20 —
| 15S8 i Screen well Lake. 92 2 6 In lh 21 !n J. Walsh... 6-2 4 4 4-5
1341 Uiraus 94 31 lh 213 3 26 rtonsch C 9 9 2
i ir,99 Game Warden... 94 6 6 62 54 6 10 46 W. Burke... 15 50 50 10
1599 Darlcne 92 4 8 21 3h 41 64' Jackson ..".. 15 40 40 10
; 1^*0 AlnJer 99 6 4 6 6 6 6 Buchanan .. 10 12 12 3
j Time— Ji, :*6; '4. iSl'i; %. 1:18; mile, 1:48. Good start. "Won easing up. Second and third
I driving. Winner. J. Cotfey's ch. g. by Imp. Judy-Snowdrop. Winner outclassed his com
( pany. Litmus should have been seco.vl. Game Warden poorly ridden.
! H»15. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a quarter; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Po. , Betting: »
Index Horse, Age. Welsh!. Pst St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. III. Cl. i PI.
1600 Lou Rey, 6 105 I ~6 l~h Tl 1~2 X~6 Enos S 10 9 6-2
1C01 Malay, 6 105 43 86 38 26 28 O'Connor-... 4-5 4-5 11-20 1-4
Ii56 Lrtcochee, 6 101 12 62 6 41 3H Buchanan .. 3 9-2 9-2 6-C
j IMS iL'lm. 6 100 54 45 45 S'i 4S Mounce 15 30 30 .i
. 1574 iTopmost. a 103 66 6 6V46 6 % J. Woods 6 8 8 2
! IZ-il I.Mary Klnsella. 6, 9T| 3 1 2 8 2H C< 6 Burk 10 50 60 12
j Time— u. :2; Hu :W; *;. l:lCVi; mile. 1:43*4: Him. 2:09*;. Good start. Won easily. Second
I and third driving. Winner, Louis & Obermeyer's b. h. by El Rio Rey-Loulse M. Lou
Rey Is a greatly Improved horse. Malay has had too many hard races. Locochee acted
j like a "bad Injun" the first part. Topmast no Eueed In the going. Scratched — Lady Med
i dlesome 104.
101 fl. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
_____ , Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. [ Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1603 Ordnunr. 6 99(318 S h 1 h 1% 11 Buchanan 6 « 11-2 8-5
(1528) Anjou, 4 101 66 6 6 6 10 2h Mounce 8 12 12 4
1609 iHermcso. 6 110 62 2h 2h 2h 31 O'Connor ... 1 7-5 7-5 1-2
1592 Maggie Davis. 5. 86 4 4 41 4 H 4 2 44 J. Daly 6 8 8 3
(U.&S) 'Gibraltar, 6 1C8 11 11 33 31 6 12 Kiley 6-2 13-5 11-5 4-5
1600 JFIorlnel II. 4 82 2 6 88 62 6 i J. Walsh.... 30 100 60 It
Time— U. :24»4: %, :49; %, 1:15%. Good start. Wen first three driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr's
en. g. by Jim Gore or Order II-Highland Lore. Buchanan hugged the rail, which won
him the race. Hermoso gave It up. Gibraltar barked loudly at the stretch turn.
1G17. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse, 540O.
I Po.l ,¦ Betting
.Index I Horse. Age, Weight. Pstl St. M. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1ES4 jEsrlrando. 6 107 5«i 21 lh 11 12 Basslnger ..874 7-5
fl595) (Alicia, a 105 11 3H42 2h 2h O'Connor ... 4 6 6 J
(1549) Toreida, 6 105 7 3 6 10 6 12 44 32 Buchanan .. 3-2 8-5 8-5 3-5
1594 Urchin. 4 107 8 4 lh 21 3H4 15 Mounce SO 30 20 8
1600 Pt. Wood, 5 110 36 4h 8H61 64 Kiley 4 5 6 S-5
OCOfi) Gusto. 4 110 65 62 64 61 6^4 J. Woods 6 15 15 S
ir:4 iLough Derg. 4. ..107 478 8 7475 Encii 20 75 75 25
i 1SS2 I Jack McCabe. 6. .107 28'78 72 8 8 |Tullett 10» 150 150 60
Time— H. :13; %. :37; H. 1:03; %, 1:29%. Bad start. Won handily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. L Morehouse's blk. g. by imp. Brutus-Ardente. Ksplrando is pounds better in
the mud. Torsida could not keep up the. first part. Alicia finished gamely. Scratched —
Lomond 110.
tion of the country is filling up with dog
owners and dosr fanciers who are com
ing to attend the annual Pacific Coast
field trials. They are to be held this
jear at Coronado Beach, North Island.
A force of men has been at work for a
•week clearing most of the underbrush
cU the island, where there is too much
growth for the best work. The trials will
be entirely on quail, and the island is J
alive with them, having been colonized
and protected there for many years.
Dog owners already here with their
¦Ftrir.ps of docs assert that the field J
trials of 1901 axe going on record as the ;
best ever held and future years will have
to chow something particularly fine to
equal the gathering of this year. There I
will be more dogs in both the derby and
fill-aee entries, and the entries show
higher class dogs. John Lucas is already
here with a string of twelve dogs which
are in training at Lakeside. H. fa. Peach
Is here with his own and W. W. Van j
Amsdale's strings. \V. B. Couts has a i
number of fine animals in the bunch he
is handling near Otay, and K. M. Dodge
has the Stockdale Kennel entries at Pala. :
These last are sixty miles from here now. j
but they wIU be brought in toward the
cod of the week and will be given the
last work at the Coronado race track, I
where there is plenty of room and enough j
birds to exercise the dogs. The dogs will
be Judged br Mr. Johnson of "Winnipeg. !
Manitoba, who has a mae reputation in j
Fuch matters. j
From the entries maoe and those which
ere to be here to enter in other stakes,
it is known that the best collection of
pointers and setters ever brought togeth
er on the coast will be here next week.
During the trials the dog men will make
their hcines at Hotel del Coronado. which
has offered a suitable rate to the mem- .
ber» of the association and their families. !
The entries for the all-age stake which j
have paid their second forfeit and will j
therefore be here are as follows: Stock- j
dale kennels' pointer dog, Cuba of Ken- I
wood: R. 8. Taylor's white pointer, Jim j
Pinch: Albert Betx's English setter. Mer
ry Heart; TV. "v>*. Van Arsdale's setter
dor. Count Mark: TY. "VT. Van Arsdale's
Fetter bitch. Peach Blossom; A. de Cour
tieux's setter bitch. Vernon Cash: R. B.
Dyer's setter dog. Tacoma Montez: H. B.
Peach/h pointer dog. Dr. Daniels; w. W.
Van Arsdale's pointer bitch, Blaze
Away; W. S. Davis* setter dog. Pride of
Ross: Frank Maskey's Better bitch. Lady ;
Rods chaun*.
The entries for th« championship stake
find for the members* stake will close on
the night befcre the events are am.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 8.— Already this por-
Special DisT&tcb to Tta Call.
PREPARING FOR
FIELD TRIALS
Strings of High-Class Dogs
Are Quartered at
Coronado.
The TrialB Will Bs Held on North
Island, Wnich Is Now later
ally Aliv« With
QuaiL
THE &£N- FKAisUlfeCU CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
Birdie Stone and Greenock Are
Beaten by the SO to 1 Shot.
RINGMASTER STROLLS
IN AT A FANCY PRICE
THE GALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRAC^TUESpAT, JANUARY 8.— Weather fln«. Track muddy.
5
SIB EDWARD SPENCE •
. SYMES SHOOTS HIMSELF
t%\ ¦#% Lafiln A Rand Waterproof \
fii § 9 H I V " Smokeless Powder, tn bu!U
I 111 * nd loaded »n »helU. Serul j
111 ¦¦¦¦ « toT catalorue of sporting I
UUIl %J icoods. GEO. VT. SB.RXVS1. -
" ¦ " ¦ T39 AUrket §tM*U
OR. JORDAN'S oreat
dHUSEUH OF ANATOHY
\ Xm Thr Ltrgrct Anatomical Mtnena in tbe
fi 'j3»t Wo* a. WeJcaecMa or any contracted
• rW° A??| div^te petit «»«! yen mm* hy the oldcit
r*> leiTI t>pccuiiscc«ttk.-CoMt. Eat. 36 S"tn
6 &H\ C8.tfOR0AH-PE!Y&TE DISEASES
• *^tM5R Cc^ia!t»tioo fire *nd strictly printe
fi I llrfflB Tnument prrsonslly or by letter. A
v( jq| +i*rm Cfcr< in every ntttmdertakca.
mSw-S lie Wr «« fc» *"«*• »¦"«-••««¦»¦•»
9 I |j 111 aiUHiAct. miLia fjuttu (A
A A IL' **l««tie book (or Bra)
7 Dk JOBDA.N AC:»..IX1 J4axietBt..aF.
Overnight San Francisco prices, prob-
able scratches, jockeys and other Infor-
mation of value. Correspondence solic-
ited. Jackson & Co.; 315 Ellis St.. S. F. •
Races! Haces! Races!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
Lasting Vigor
And Cure the Following Ailments:
Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases Despondency
H-art Diseases Nsrvous Debility
Spine Diseases Gen-ral D:bl!lty
Stomach Diseases Loss of Memory
Prlvare Diseases Blood Poison
. No Incurable cases taken at any price.
PAY WHEN CURED.
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure in any Saa Francisco hank, to be
paid only after Cher aro well, or may
pay ' In monthly Installments. ' Prices
reasonable. So Injurious medicines
used.
HOME CURES. FREE BOOK.
Thousands of
- jpfnrgK^,«%^ ¦ den are cured
at home every
C&&2r 1 cannot visit
aflg' , jf Ean Francisco.
3Wfh,-,8 jl!siY*Si» xpondence con-
A v JP**Js?aqL. or P»ckas»s to
.^S> W*fl^^Tjij*g?a 3 . Indicate name
DR. MEYERS &C0.
HOURS: Dally. 8 to 6. Evenings. 7
to s. Sunday*. 9 to 11. ELEVATOR
ENTRANCE.
731 barket Street, Fra 6 B^o.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are belne mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured to many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
etrength and memory, weak back, varico-
ceie or emaciation of parts can now cura
themselves at Lome.
• The r»ine<3y has a peculiarly jrrateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, gtring strength
end development just where It Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
Ell cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 228 Elektron building; Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled -with promptly. The Institute is de-
Flrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free cample will enable them
to se« how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
pent a fr*e sample, carefully sealed In a
Slain package, so that Its recipient need
ave no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write with-
out delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Vi?or
to lien.
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOEIUIC | THE EMPOBTTJBL If?
HWWWV.W * ************************ * lt*WWt*«».^»«*t«^it^>t«W«^*t*^ RI5W?WWWWW^ '
MONET-SAVING CHANCES GALORE!\
Glean-Up Sales in All Departments— Odds and 5
Ends of the Winter Stocks at Sacrifice Prices. 3
: : : : : . $»
lZ?r£ ck Men'sOvercoats The Linen Sate.m %
Too many Kersey and Covert Cloth Overcoats in stock for this Extra values this week in Medium and Fine Table Cloths, Table Jj t
ime of the year. To reduce the overstock to-day and during balance of Damask, Remnants of Toweling, etc. ,J
*eek ono~ttU3PiCt* Off °ur regular low prices. Table Cloths— 8-4 Beached AU-Linsa TaKe Cloths, 63 inches 3
M e nVAT.-Wco: Kcney Overcoat', regularly $15.00, now. $11,25 £ s< i t2are ' worth $'-5°* dcan 7 u P P"' ••;••• •• •$*•*?. jf -
D^f£a^^^ gd :. 8 : +^:.^r^.^S^^
¦ ¦ — ¦ — The iz-4 size of above, worth $z 50, now ." $t.75 j^
Men's Underwear and Neck' n "~ ~zr~. zrrr g-^^t, :5
- _,>>_. Dress Goods Sale This Week.}*
WBar &aiC&a p:a;a BacJc sk'rting, 5a to 54 inches wide, rrgularly $1.50, $1-75 Jt .
UndGt* WGar* for men who cannot wear wool — Heavy, well- $2.00 per yard, now $1*23 «J H
made garment', fleeced with' pure silk, regularly $1.50 rach, to-diy Gul ' Gfnakitlt/S — The $2.50 and $1 qualities, no<x..$1s89 2
and ba'ance of week. '. .' .83O Camekha'r P:atdf, for ichool suits and separat: skirt?, 44 and 5s inches jg
Oxford MufftOi*8—Q^^i.%Hk\inn g , rrgularly |l.oo, wiie, the $ 1 and 5«.s 5 per yard qoaliat*. to-day and balance of «f .
now ..... ./ .... 43G wee*...- 7HC V
Moti'8 Puff SoarfS-SOcqualitv, ba'ance of week ,.....: FSItOy Suit Pa«^r«S-To clear out balance oi winter jtock
!"v"j"^"" »*«>«¦¦•«> 3 1 ,1 fg%n9tsj» all fancy suit rattirns reduced this week to Hzli PriCO S ¦
Boys' re^gOO^-^c^tv, clean-up F r ce, each O 3 Trin j m f nffS fatt PHCC. \
«*»_ CgfgKgm tS mm** 71I Cut-Out Taffetis, Embroidered Chiffons and Moutseliaes, Braid :d Duch- 5
KWV %3llKUMMnf2 M 2 «?* - ete, Tucked Chiffon, 45-Inch Drapery Xets, CLiny AU-Overs, J t
Pretty patterns for Comforters and Draperies, full yard wide, the special Spang!ed N:U and Fancy liberty Silks— all at half PCtJUiar "&
price tor balance of week, yard ....7}iO PI*ICOS to clcSC. {•
: : : ¦. ; $
§ifk Sale I Damaged China Wines and Liquors, a
Balance of Week. <Sg^% . Three Specials |
Because of the stormy weather* last week, we V^—g/ jl TQ—DHIJ/m TO—Dsj/a •«
Nol^Si^tto^ 3 %£?J&Sto mjM&J/ dav D T«h t fart 0 " 4 »*'J* I
different patterns in the lot-ai good, stylish fo*M^/ r „!• *¦ ff f lon r 40d%
colorings of Striped Taffeta?, Satin S'ripes, 7 " J Jf na C u^° Eourbon Whisky-Gool qnaEtr, %
Corded Stripes, So Id Color Plfae ¦ Efi^t.! -^^^K^Sdi^e, ° B T^ t-U <,um bottle, to^ay ...553 %
Small Jacquard De S -gn3, Printed Warp Ef- ttLo^^^^-^- Figures, Va«es, etc., Blackberry EratitSy-Bcst monrf H
fects; also, a tew Black and White Novelne*. [^N^^^ woe ilighdr chipprd "* buy, *-day, quart bottle SOo *
These filks came trom one of the most prom- \&^?S^' 3 &jM or otherwise' dam- 5 ' **
inrnt jobbing homes in the country, are bcth J^^"^^K aged. Also a small «£ hg»f»f T/IUIZlir* lRi* %
French and domestic weaves, all cf thrm l o: o f enameled and W " 6el MU*IG, #OC* •*
ths winter's styles, values up /Jfc^ft ' Wjk ] t : n W3re To-day and balance of week, the following pop- .X
to $1. 75 p;r yard, to-day and £J CpCt J^t^^aS In pursuane of our ular' songs and in>trumenut pieces O*» "5
ba'.anceor week /^Ksk> usual cn «om|we have on "P"" 1 saIc » P :r "PX * "*" ft
gmmM JB mT% W&!?$\ ¦ remar ' CC( J these goods "I Am Certain'y Living a Ragtime Lifs," -j
Off ttGt*n m£Gm $&i & at P riccs !0 low thlt " Ir ' s the AIan Behind th: Gun Tha: Dje » x
•'"" 9 mmmm '*~ m • they should all be iod the Work," "Since Then There's R:en 5<
On Sale TO—MJajfm V V»^ % in * To-d*9 No Light About the Place," "Side by Jl
Best Creamery Butter (not dairy, but \fijMcffl ' Wednesday) is tht Side," "Irma Wa'.Ues," "Rickety Dan," '^
creamery butter), the brand that has made ' Urns appointed for " Sunbeam Lou," " Every Day Is a Wei- °«j
our butter sales 80 popu'ar, reg- Mf m9^ ' • » the Da ma g*d ding Day," "ColcTed Bride and Groom .J
u'arfize square?, on sae to-day mZ^miZ China-xare Salt. Come in the morning to March and Two-Sttp," " BLss Forever jj
(Wednesday) only, per 6quarc secure first choice. | Past." J|
.... : \
_ # Under muslins. jx
lanvaryCIean<iD/aIe «M*wi'«e«w«^ \
i . \-S - J*^ Etc.. Rsduced. J
e /&& §LW& Cloaks, zSusttS, 35C Tcnn5s skirt3 cut t0 1& C ;?
%$% e^7k / ft II *8 ji/jni/ : ¦ 50c In ants' Salt Soled Shoes cut to. . /iJ© !*
« s. *%b* £LJ ***§£/<&*** $t and 8?c nne Cc ™ 1 c °' mcac to 5Oc :5
a^-J^I^^i« KjafUfiin CUCCJi^y $1.50 Wide Heavy MusEnEmbroid- Off '?
f/wffih lifwijia "¦ Dnwtri cut t0 • 95c x
/\ /SSI/ ' Js.coandf 6.00 Silk.nd Woo! -- $ \'° *™ P^ GownS « O« t= ft *
\yM fM&m' Waists, clcan-up price S3. 95 . P^ d E /* U "> ?V •" ' ' &''& U 5
11 If MWm $**S and Ji.SO Flanneh te Wrap- _ ' 5 3 E'egant E-r.hro.derei Trim- _ c j
Dresses Reduced. $i colored siik a P , fur trimmed, n s
ft $12.50 to 15.00 Tailor Dress- g% s cut to OUC •![
- * es, clean-up price %t&M.&& $3 One-Picce Druses, ages xz mn V
Skirts, etc., Raduced. ***£> •»* oo . TaUor y o ba to 14 yejn ' cut to §**.UU W
1 ci. j t rx. Dres es, clean-up price *&MmJa&g0 — _ J€
mW&$£ £'?"$2.9S SS9.7S ™l»™*y Reiuoe* 5
; $6. 50 to $8.50 Shcrt and Long f+jg gm. -m * * * * l oc Assorted Co!orsd and Black QajUs _ Jf
Dres) Sk'rts, dean-vp price.. 5 a a A w% ~r 1 cut to .;''. 1 . i , MG '^
$9.00 and' 5io.oo Short and Long Drejs UaCKCtS HCDUlCtlm $2 and $1 Fc!t and Velvet ShapeV'JJ -^
\ Skirt?, clean-up price &£S Qg£ $5- 00, $10.00 Jackets, clean- _ <utto...;.; C0C<*
........... ... ... . &&*&& up price. ... •. V&.95 Extra Special la Fine Trimmed S
$1.75 and $2.25 Flannel Waists, f — $15.00, *i8.oo, I20.00 Jack- fi _ MiUnery fcr to-day only— .%
clean-up price &Mmm9O ets, clean-up price V&m && AH Hats that were marked up _ -5
. $2.50 and Jti.75 Flannel Waists, ff __ $22.50, f 25 00 Short Auto- _ # _ _ uji 5 cu:to §"+.75 %
clean-up price mSH.OZJ mobiles, clean-up price VM m 9miWO> All Hats that were marked as S
¦ S3.00andJ3.50 Flannel Waists, o « and 530.00 Long Au- tf high as $25 cut to $9 .75 2
clean-up pnee &*£.*£ O tomobiles, clean-up price. . . * Bit, 75 Cfo Alterations at TkU't ' Pries. %
. . : — g . : ; : jr
Damaged Books EfH IPHIi^i 1 1 %M Damagud Toys :I
at One-Third Hp?^* and a * One-Half *'
Rettular Prices. "¦ OoMcnRuBe ft^zaar. Retsular Price** *
fi^Hiai * • T . CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE **^«**»*«*#- mCCS. .%ON" every hand pours In commenda- !
tlon of the new century Geo
graphical and Historical Atlas,
which the San Francisco Call has
secured for early distribution to
its patrons. The above letter from State
School Superintendent Thomas J. Kirk is
only one of half a hundred similarly com
plimentary written by other educators in
the State.
"I have carefully examined The Call
Atlas," he says, "published by George F.
Cram, the famous map and atlas maker.
The name of Cram as the publisher at
once predisposed me in its favor. • • •
I consider the work equal to the ordinary
encyclopedia of many volumes, and cer
tainly far more handy to the busy man
as a book of reference."
Coming from such an eminent and dis
interested authority, no higher commend
ation could be asked. The Call relies upon
The costume, represented is of sapphire
colored serge, trimmed .. with narrow
bands of white and black satin ' on the
cross. It is . in the . princess form, with
frogs forming the line of a corselet. The
sleeves are blouse | shaped at the bottom
«nd,the cuffs are of black velvet. >
BLUE SERGE COSTUME.
The woman preacher of San Jose, who has been
thrown three times in jail for insisting upon creating
scenes which block public thoroughfare's, must have
some curious notions of the correct way to carry the
messages of the prince of peace.
The British Columbian/ highwayman who robbed
a woman of 10 cents the other, day and then presented
her with $5 may certainly be commended ftfr two
qualities which are not usually found in combination
gallantry and insolence
Seattle is making a swift pace in the race to be
known as a town of most peculiar originality. It
is contemplating with great complacency, the start
ling fact that one of its citizens asserted his pre
rogatives and robbed a policeman.
It is extremely significant that in the raids which
the local police are making upon Chinese gambling
houses where white men are supposed to gamble no
white men are caught by the vigilant officers of the
law. Perhaps the Chinese who have been raided can
tell why.
A clever and unusual project is well advanced to
construct a bicycle track, more than 100 miles long
around the Island of Tahiti. Horsemen who have
suffered from wild riders ought to suggest the pro
priety of exporting enough of them to the southern
isle to give life to the track.
When President McKinley visits us in May we
ought to give him an object lesson in Californian gen
erosity which he will: never forget. We should show
him that we are as generous with other material
things as we are with our votes, and that California ii
in all truth the golden State of Republican prosperity.
CAIiTFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— G. Homage of
Stockton Is at the St. James; A. G. Mc-
Finnis of Los Angeles is at the Raleigh:
Mrs. H. H. Bancroft and Miss Lucy Ban
croft of San Francisco are at the Arling
ton; Mrs. F. Mears of San Francisco is at
the Ebbitt.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
Railroad managers are as eager to get rid of com
petition as are persons in any other line of industry,
and, as the report says: "In no branch of industry
probably is the inducement to form combinations of
this sort greater or the advantages to be hoped for
from them when formed more certain than in railway
operation." Moreover, it is said the statutes th<m
felves operate to produce combinations, since they
forbid independent roads to form pooling contracts
fo^lcgitimate self-protection. •
Coming then directly to the subject of railway
combinations the synopsis continues: "The commis
sion has no official knowledge of the extent of recent
railway combinations, but it has informed itself as well
as possible from unofficial sources. Disregarding
mere rumors, but taking account of well authenticated
statements, there were absorbed in various ways be
tween July I, 1899, and November 1, 1000, 25,311 miles
of railroad. There are in the whole United States
something less than ioo.ooo miles of railroad, and
irore' than one-eighth of this entire mileage was.
within the above period, brought, in one way and
another, under the control of other lines. * * *
The commission goes on to say that when we con
sider what has* actually been done, what is undoubt
edly in contemplation, the entire feasibility of these
schemes, the very great advantage which would re-
often destructive."
AUCH of the annual report of the Interstate
Commerce Commission transmitted to Con
. gress on January 4 is devoted to a considera
tion of railroad combinations and the causes leading
to them. The synopsis given out to the press opens
with a summary of the statements of the commission
concerning that phase of interstate commerce. It is
the old story of the effort to evade the effects of com
petition and to escape the regulations of law.
The commission reports, in the first place, that the
anti-trust law is ineffective. The synopsis of the re
port says: "It is evident that railroad managers gen
erally have made no attempt to conform their prac
tices to the spirit of this law. They may keep within
its letter and succeed in avoiding its penalties, but
they claim that they are virtually compelled to coun
teract its aim and evade its observance. Thus it hap
pens that some of the most important and useful in
cidents of railway service are maintained by methods
which are believed to be inharmonious with if not in
actual violation of a Federal statute."
It' is pointed out that the competitive "system is re
sponsible for many of the evasions and violations of
the law, as the struggle for traffic leads the various
roads to resort to such practices to get business. The
report says: "The policy now pursued cannot and
will not prevent an outcome of vicious discrimina
tions, and, what is most unfortunate of all, those
discriminations favor the few and place the many at
a disadvantage; they aid the strong, who have no
need of assistance, and handicap the weak with bur
dens which by comparison are always unjust and
RAILROAD COMBINATIONS.
Here is wit and wisdom combined. The touch
upon each issue is light but effective. It is not likely
any intelligent Republican will hereafter, deny the
niyht of a former President of the United States to
fpctk upon the political question^ of the day, and if
he choose to dissent from the policy of his successor:
nor will any Bryanite regard Mr. Harrison as a prob
nbJe convert to Democracy. To both classes of critxs
he has given "Hail, Columbia," in more senses than
onr
. In conclusion he referred to the claims made by
tone Democrats that his opposition to "imperialism"
i* leading him to Bryanism, and said: "To me the
Democratic party has never been less attractive than
now. No plan of .reorganization suggests itself to
me, except that suggested by a waggish lieutenant of
my regiment to a captain whose platoons were in
verted. He said: "Captain, if I were in your place
I would break ranks and have the orderly call "the
roll.' Perhaps even this hopeful may
fai' for an inability to agree as to the roll and as to the
orderly."
Having thus stated his views upon the main ques
tion he next turned his attention to the critics who
have charged him with acting in a manner unworthy
of an ex-President. These critics, it will be remem
bered, have asserted that a former President should
not condemn the acts of an existing administration.
Mr. Harrison met the charge with delightful banter
by saying: "The decapitation of the ex-President
when the oath of office has been administered to his
successor would greatly vivify a somewhat tiresome
ctremonial. And we may some time* solve the news
paper problem what to do with our ex-Presidents in
that conclusive way. Until then I hope an ex-Presi
dent may be permitted to live somewhere midway be
tween the house of gossip and the crypt of* the
rrummy. He will know perhaps in an especial way
bow to show the highest honor to the Presidential
office and the most courteous deference to the Presi
dent Upon great questions, however, especially
upon questions of constitutional law, you must give
an ex-President his freedom or the ax, and it is too
Upon the issue involved in our relations to the isl
sr-ds he said: "I have no argument to make, here or
anywhere, against territorial expansion, but I do j
not, as some do. look to expansion as the safest or j
most attractive avenue of national development. By j
the advantages of abundant and cheap coal and iron,
of an enormous surplus of food products and of in
vention and economy in production, we are now lead
ing by a nose the original and the greatest of the
colonizing nations. Australia and New Zealand loy- i
ally send their contingents to South Africa, but Great
Britain cannot hold the trade of its colonies against
American offerings of a better or cheaper product.
The Central and South American states, assured of*
our purpose, not only to respect but to defend their
autonomy, and finding the peace and social order
which a closer and larger commercial intercourse with
the world will bring, offer to our commerce a field
the full development of which will realize the El Do
rado. Hail to Columbia, the home of the free, and
from which only freedom can go out."
HARRISON'S "HfNL COLUMBIA"
'IZ;X-PRESIDENT HARRISON in replying to
the toast, '"Hail, Columbia," at a recent banquet
• — * of the Columbia Club in Indianapolis, took
occasion to justify his utterances concerning the rela
tion of the constitution to the Philippines and Porto
Rico, and in doing so gave to captious Republicans
and to exuberant Bryanites some advice in which
humor and wisdom were pleasantly mingled.
Here is a subject for a song and a parable for a
sermon all in one. We are not so far ahead of ou r
fathers as in our exultant vanity we have deemed our
selves. Those tallow candles in old Independence
Hall showing clear and steadily through the fog while
the blazing arc lights failed is a very good symbol of
many phases of contrast between the new age and the
old. A great deal of modern life 13 like the electric
light, very brilliant and showy so long as skies are
clear, but of little value when the fogs of disaster
come. The old tallow candles were not far flaming
even on the fairest of nights, but their light was con
centrated and was about' as good in a fog as at any
other time. Homely life like a candle is evidently not
a thing to be despised, and there are times, as Phila
delphia has learned, when the old light is better than
the new. , . :
It is always the unexpected that happens, even in
Philadelphia. The result of the happy thought was
not happy. The Public Ledger in commenting next
morning upon what had happened during the night
said of that feature of the show: "It was a good idea
in itself, but the fog came down and showed that th«
century had accomplished nothing in the way of over
coming fog by artificial lights; or, at all events, that
under conditions of fog the incandescent electric lamp
is no better than the candle of our. forefathers. As a
matter of fact, the candles seemed to have rather the
best of it, the mass of light being more concentrated
in the flame of the candle than in the filament of ths
electric light. * The twentieth century ought to' do
something in the way of dispelling fogs."
Philadelphia in preparing for the celebration of the
new century concluded to make a display of this con
trast in lights. The great City Hall, of which Phila
delphians are so proud, was illuminated by electricity
regardless of expense. Every form of arc and of in
candescent lamp was placed upon the structure along
all salient lines of roof and of column in order to
make as glorious a splendor as humanity can achieve.
For the purpose of adding to the brilliant effect by
comparison the unobtrusive old building, Indepen
dence Hall, was lighted with tallow candles. It was a
happy thought. The people were to see the lights of
our time and the lights of the fathers in contrast, and
the triumph of the age was to be made manifest to the
eyes of all.
WHEN the old century was about to close it was
a familiar saying, "It had come in with tallow
candles and gone out with the arc light." The
phrase and the fact impressed the popular imagina
tion everywhere, and hardly a single glorification of
the nineteenth century was written or uttered that did
not make use of it.
THE OLD LIGHT 0ND THE NEW.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge Frank Short of Fresno is at the
Palace.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is at
the Lick.
James Ferguson, a Denver mining man,
is at the Palace.
LouiB Kahn. an Oakdale banker, is reg
istered at the Lick.
Charles G. Bonner, a prominent Fresno
business man, is.at the Grand.
Edward Chambers, with the Santa Fe at
Los Angeles, Is registered at the Palace.
James M. Meighan, a mining man of
Groveland. is stopping at the Occidental.
John Fennell, one of the largest ranch
ers in the St«te, Is stopping at the Pal
ace.
Major John F. Dlckson and daughter of
Houston, Tex., are late arrivals at the
Grand.
Dr. H. N. TVInton and wife of Haywards
have taken apartments at the Occidental
for a few days.
J. J. Hebbron, superintendent of the Pa
cific Improvement Company's property at
Salinas, is stopping at the Grand for a
few days.
Rev. George Campbell, a Baptist mis
sionary, who has been located at Swatow,
in the southern part of China, for the past
thirteen years, arrived in this city yester
day and Is stopping at the Russ House.
T. S. Cunningham, editor of the Yukon
Sun at Dawson, Is spending the winter in
this city. He brought with him a sack of
Klondike nuggets and several pounds In
crease of adipose tissue. Mr. Cunningham
was formerly manager of the Postal Tele
graph office in this city.
Among those who arrived here from
China yesterday was Miss E. F. Bough
ton, a missionary who was at one time
located at Wei Hlen. She was on© of the
last refugees to escape the fury of the
Boxers. She fled from her house with
out paving anything except the clothes
she wore. In company with Mr. Chalfant,
another missionary, she walked to Kiao
chau, where . the two were received and
cared for by the Germans. Miss Bough
ton is on her way to Troy, N. Y., her
home.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MANHATTAN ISLAND-J. F.. Gilroy.
Cal. Manhattan Island, New York, is
part of New York County.
KENTUCKY'S VOTE— Subscriber. City
At the November election Kentucky went
Republican by a plurality of 7975.
CHICAGO— Curious, City. Chicago Is an
Indian name and was used by the tribes
to designate the smell of a wild onion or
a skunk. •
COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO— P. 8..
City. The novel "The Count of Monte
Cristo," by Alexandra Dumas, pere. Is a
work of pure llctlon.
MARIE CORELLI— S,, City. Th» ad
dress of Marie Corelli, the authoress, may
be obtained from the publishers of her
works If they feel Inclined to give It.
CHRISTADELPHIANS — Subscriber.
City. Christadelphlans is the name given
to a religious sect that originated in the
United States and which now exists In
other countries.
McKINLEY IN NEW YORK— A. C. S..
Haywards, Cal. The total vote of New
York State was 1.547.912. McKinley's vote
was 821,992; Bryan 67S.3S6. In the city of
New York McKinley's vote was 153,033.
Bryan 181,799.
POPULAR VOTE-^J. E. B., City, and
others. The following is the popular vote
for President at the election last Novem
ber. The figures are subject to slight re
y^ ,- on l 8 ~ Mc Kinley (R.). 7,233.715; Bryan
(D.), 6,265,668: Wooiey (Pro.), 207.820; Baker
(Peop.). 150,931; Debs (S. D.). 84,729; Mal
com (8. L.), 39,966; Leonard (U. C). 1059;
Ellis (U. R.>, 5&5.
VARIOUS COINS— D., San Rafael. Cal.
No premium Is offered for half dollars of
1827 or 1830, nor for a half cent of 1S07.
The copper coin described, bearing on' one
face an eye surrounded by thirteen rays
and having thirteen stars and the words
Nova Constellatlo, and on the other a
monogram of the United States In a
wreath with the words and figures Llb
ertas and Justitia, 17S5. is one of the ex
perimental copper coins Issued during
Continental times and la .not a rare one.
Such may be procured from dealers for 33
cents.
LIBRARIES— B. F. T., City. If you
have a complaint against the library you
name in your communication you should
lay that complaint before the librarian
for his investigation. In your com
plaint you say that you have to wait long
one window for books on account of
the crush and that the clerks at other
windows have hardly anything to do. Sup
posing you had business with the clerks
at the other windows and they were away
attending at the window where there was
a rush, you would probably complain
that there was no one to wait on you.
SECRET SERVICE— Subscriber. Oak
land, Cal. Vacancies In all positions In
the secret service, Treasury Department
of the United States, when not filled by
promotion, reinstatement or transfer, will
be filled by certification from some exist
ing register of eligibles. or as the re
sult of special examination. As a rule
positions pertaining to the detective work
of the department are filled by transfer
or promotion of persons already in the
classified service. No applications are
received for these positions until an ex
amination Is announced.
A /CHANCE TO SMILE.
The recently started crusade has hardlv
worked to a point yet where any one will
swear off kissing on the first of the year
—Chicago Record. *
Mr. nightie— Mere talent Is not appre
ciated nowadays. Oh, if I only had a
touch of real genius—
The Porto Rlcana would feel safer if it
had been the Supreme Court instead of
Ben Harrison who delivered that opinion.
—Rochester Herald.
Wife— Genius Isn't what you need
"Eh!. What then?"
"Horse sense." — New York Weekly.
"Did you see that story about th© man
who got a needle in his arm while trylne
to kisa a slrl?" he asked.
"No." she replied. And then she added
fervently: "But. thank goodness, I never
learned to sew. —London Answers.
'"Have a b«er?" Bald Jag-grer to his
friend. «
"Not on your life." ejaculated Swajreer
"I've sworn off." « '
Jasrger— So?
Swagrger— Yes; I don't drink anything
but whisky now. — Courier Journal.
It is well to set the new leaf i readv
whether you 'turn it over or not.— Chicago
Mr. Newpop-Tou haven't seen our baby
yet He's only thre« months old but t
telLyou he's brigrht. *
Jack Bacheller — That so? Can— he— er
sit up on his hind legs and beg?— Phila.
delphla Press. ; K *-mia-
"So Maude Is going to marry that
dude?"
"I. suppose «o. * She told me she ms
polngrto taka a flat."— Philadelphia BiS
. • -.-*¦' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ »
One dollar and fifty cents In cash and
six months' subscription to the Dally Call
will entitle you to this splendid book of
reference. The atlas will be ready for dis
tribution about March 1.
An accurate compilation of facts and
figures from the latest United States cen
sus reports.
A complete gazetteer of cities, towns
and villages with the latest census.
Maps of Alaska, Philippines, Cuba, Ha
waii, all up to date.
the atlas Itself to furnish the Justice- of
the compliment. It Is convenient In size,
12x15 Inches, and complete in detail, its
550 pages containing:
A complete series of maps of modern
geography.
A chronological outline of American his
tory.
A concise account of the- political history
of the United States.
The Bulletin will doubtless fill an important place
in the field of medical work, and. merits a cordial sup
port from the profession. It is under the editorship
of Dr. J. Wilson Shiels and Dr. Frank B. Eaton,
and consequently may be expected to take a high rank
an;ong the medical publications of the country.
It is announced that subsequent issues will contain
statistical records showing the work done in different
departments, announcements of courses of post grad
uate instruction, reports of changes in staff, and
original articles embodying the results of experience
acquired in the clinics.
The number just issued contains sixty-two pages
and is attractively made up, being printed in good
readable type on an excellent quality of paper. The
contents are divided into four parts — one containing
original communications concerning cases that have
occurred in the practice of the writers, the second
devoted to editorial work,, the third to reviews of new
medical treatises, and the fourth is known as the
"periscope section," being subdivided into medical
periscope and surgical periscope.
IZZJ ROM the San Francisco Polyclinic there has
I just been issued the first of a series of bulletins
to be » published quarterly, for the announced
purpose of enlightening "the members of the medical
profession concerning an institution of which most
have insufficient knowledge and many entertain
erroneous impressions."
THE POLYCLINIC BULLETIN.
Royalty Invests With TJs.
A New York trade journal has discov
ered that Queen Victoria owns $S.0OO.0"X>
worth of mortgages on New York real
estate from which she derives an annual
income of 1250,000, and that she owns
$3,000,000 worth of ctock in American rail
roads. The Prince of Wales also owns
?5.<XK>.CCO worth of American securities,
while Emperor "*VI!l!am has $3,000,000 in
vested in American railroad stocks, and
the Czar. has IS.OOO.COO Invested in a simi
lar manner. It is stated that even the
royal family of Spain has $2,000,000 in
American securities. AH are jealous of
America, yet all are x anxious to "get a
finger in the pie."— Iowa State Register.
Imperialism at Red Top.
Magistrate Strohreker of Red Top 6
C. bids fair to acquire a wide reputation
because of his order that alljietrroes liv
ing at that place shall marry. The com
munity Is said to be notoriously lax In Its
moral code, and the magistrate thinks
that there will be an Improvement if there
la more matrimony and less of the old
order of things. This policy was Instituted
by Governor Leary In Guam, and presum
ably worked well in that distant islan.l.
but it is a question whether or not It is
fitted for the latitude and longitude of
South Carolina. And. by tho way. what
authority does Magistrate Strohreker pos
sess to make wedlock compulsory ? Mr.
Bryan ought to Investigate this seeming
Infringement of the doctrine of the con
sent of the governed in a rabidly Demo
cratic State.— Providence Journal.
Australia Approves.
The election of a President of the United
States Is an event of profound Interest to
the whole English speaking household. No
European succession— not that to th*»
throne of Germany or of Russia or ot
Austria— is of such importance to us as
the succession to the White House. The
Americans are our kinsfolk. The great
English speaking republic. 73.000.000
strong, divides with the British empire
Itself the hopes and the pride of English
speaking civilization. And the credit of
the whole- Anglo-Saxon kin is Involved
in the manner in which our American kin
dred choose their sovereign. Mr. McKin
ley's re-election Is. of course, a welcome
event for the British empire. Mr. Bryan's
triumph would have disordered both the
finances of the world and the foreign rela
tions of the British empire.— Melbourne
Argrua. .¦'.'
Pacific Coast Shipping.
Tho pushing capitalists of the Pacific
Coast are not waiting for the passage or
the ship subsidy bill to help them in the
establishment of new steamship lines.
Not only the prowing Asian trade will ne
assisted by new facilities of transporta
tion from Pacific ports, but the long nejr
lected trade of the west coast of South
America will be cultivated and expanded.
The practical European monopoly of
South American commerce ought not to
continue. — Philadelphia Record.
We Beat the World.
We are sellinsr shoes in Germany to
such an extent that the German factories
are crippled. Wo furnish better shot*
and Tor less money than they can get p.z
home. The average earning of the Ger
man shoe worker 13 about $4 per week.
The same employment In this country (by
Massachusetts statistics) pays from $11 to
$15 a week, and even the female merchant
hand is earning $10 a week, and yet we
compete with Germany. Does this look
as If we needed a subsidized industry"—
Buffalo Commercial.
"Scientists" in Court.
Christian Scientists contend there !s no
limit to their influence. They are now
seeking to demonstrate the truthfulness
of this assertion In a practical way.- Be
fore one of the New York courts theTe is
a contested will case pendin?, and every
day the courtroom is thronged with Chris
tian Scientists, whose avowed object Is to
Influence the Judge In rendering an opin
ion to their liking by the silent exercise
on his mind of the psychical powers which
the scientists believe they possess.—Ar
kansas Gazette.
Our Foreign Trade Hecord.
The last year of the century closes with
a new foreign trade record for the United
States. The 1S99 total of exports and im
ports surpassed any previously attained —
$2,051,000,000. The total for 1900. estimating
the business of December, will exceed
that by $230,000,000. The foreign trade of
the year leaves a balance of about $620.
000.000 in favor of the United States. Last
year It was $460,000,000. Little wonder that
commercial Europe is taking counsel with
itself as to what can be done to meet the
wonderful trade expansion of the United
States.— Utlca Press.
Mr. Rockefeller's funny university con
tinues to contribute to the fayety of na
tions. The very latest discovery an
nounced by the Chicago professors is
nothing less than the secret of the heart.
They have found out what makes the
heart beat. It is simple when you know
It. It Is salt. Without salt the heart
would be still and pulseless. Give It suf
ndent salt and It will pulsate through the
ages.— Philadelphia Times.
Secret of the Heart.
Coal in British Colombia.
The new century will see British Colum
bia one of the chief coal producing coun
tries In the world. The famous fields of
Vancouver Island and or the Crows Nest
Pass have already a continental reputa
tion. The exploitation of the Okanagan
may prove the center of the province to
be as rich in black diamonds as the coast
and the eastern section around Ferula,—
Vancouver World-
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Upon that showing of facts it is clear the commis
sion is justified in asking for greater powers. Unjust
freight discriminations between localities and indi
viduals are becoming serious matters, and it is time
something be done to guard the rights of the people
against extortions that may be practiced.
Many economic advantages will result from the
combinations, but a, danger lies in the fact that the
only check upon the rates is thereby removed. The
commission says: "Tt is idle to say that freight rates
cannot be advanced. During the past year they have
been, by concerted action upon a vast volume of
traffic, advanced in every part of this country. It m
equally idle to say that they will not be advanced.
It is both human nature and the lesson of history that
unlimited power induces misuse of that power. Rail
ways are not combining for the purpose of 'extortion
and abuse,' but none the less should the people pro
vide some protection against that possible result of
the combination."
suit to the owners of the properties involved, and the
fact that a step once taken in that direction is seldom
retraced, it becomes evident that in the immediate
future the main transportation lines of this country will
be thrown into great groups, controlling their own
territory, and not subject,' with respect to most of
their traffic, to serious competition."
All Americans, except sdme over-zealous mission
aries, will applaud and support this policy. It is
necessary to its success that the other allies under
stand that the President has the powerful and un
broken support of the American people. Therefore
by every avenue of expression it should be made
known that he is backed by practical unanimity. In
this way an inhuman war may be, averted, a commer
cial struggle may be avoided, and Christendom may
have a chance to repaii its somewhat damaged repu
tation.
It is now evident that our Government desires that
China shall be treated fairly, that the sore issue shall
be arbitrated, and the use of indemnity as an excuse
for partition shall be denied to the other allies.
President McKinley was compelled by the circum
stances to act in conjunction with the allies. His
policy has so far prevailed. He has compelled the
other nations to conceal, if not to abandon, their ter
ritorial designs. Germany has had to suspend her
po'icy of revenge, and in the joint note a fair basis
of agreement has, been presented to China and ac
cepted by her as the protocol of a treaty of adjust
ment.
The United States is in the affair by compulsion
and not by the choice of our Government or people.
Our legation was besieged, our Minister in peril, our
honor at stake. We moved promptly to the rescue
and wrought effectively in it. —-
Just such a case, of equal magnitude, and involving
such issues, has never before appeared in the world's
history.
With such appalling consequences impinged upon
the issue, wisdom dictates that China have her day in
court and that the final decision be in an arbitration
that can calmly weigh all the humane, military and
commercial considerations that are involved.
The keenest sighted statesmen in all the interested
nations- are averse to the partition of China. They
doubt the wisdom of such an enterprise and are
averse to testing the power of China to resist. That
such policy could be nccomplished only by a long and
exhausting war, which to succeed must practically
exterminate the able-bodied men in a population of
four hundred millions, is apparent to military and
civil authorities alike. The world's humanity turns
its face away from the spectacle of such carnage.
Commerce shrinks from it. While such a struggle
goes on the trade with China will be suspended, and
the devastations of war will so impair the fortunes
and resources of the people as to make its restoration
difficult and slow. Not only will the Chinese trade
be affected, but the commercial nations, deprived of
that demand, will more bitterly contest with each
other for the placing of their surplus, largely increased
by the elimination of the Chinese market. This con
dition will react upon the cotton-g'.owers of the
United States and the producers of foodstuffs every
where. In the military field there will arise the risk
cf conflicts of ambition between the partitioning na
tions themselves, and the struggle may possibly lead
tc a breach of the peace of the world.
In the case of China the allies were compelled to
send a joint military force to rescue their legations.
The cost of this armed force and exemplary indemnity
as a guarantee against future occurrence of the same
form of trouble are properly urged as public, gov
ernmental concerns. But there is a complication
novel to diplomacy. If the allies themselves, or a
majority of them, are to dictate the amount of this
indemnity, they may use the opportunity to compel
a partition of China. It is easily seen that if the
amount demanded is beyond her ability to pay in cash,
the allies must either abate it down to her capacity
or they must move upon her territory and divide it
among them in lieu of the money she is unable to
pay.
CHINESE INDEMNITY.
.. ! >; } :
THERE is a distinct line drawn between public
indemnity demanded for itself by one nation ot
another and private indemnity to recoup a citi
zen, which his Government enforces against a nation
which has despoiled bim as an individual.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS
FOR CALL SUBSCRIBERS
State School Superintendent Kirk Warmly
Commends the Work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 9. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS* Proprietor.
kltnu All CcB&c&ieatloEi ti W. 8. LEASE, Hunger. '
WAyfACKK^S OFFICE. ..... ' x^SlZJZJZZJUZ. rf*". ??*
PUBLICATION' OFFICE... Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS... . .217 to 221 StereBioB St.
Telephone Preti 2O2.
Delivered t»r Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Plnirle Copies. S Ceati.
Tfnu by Mall. Inclndtnar Postaaret
DAILY CALL (Including- Funiajr). cue year II. M
DAILT CALL (lacludtnr Punfiay), I months I.W
DA.ILT CALX, (including- Sunday). > months I.M
DAILT CALL— By £lngl« Month ............... «Se
ftTTKDAT CALL. On* Year *•»
WEEKLT CALL, On* Tear I.M
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Euapi* eoplea will b* forwarded wbea rrquewted.
Mail •cbMTftser* In ordertnc ctaactr* of address should N»
particular to civt both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord>r
to incur* a, prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKUND OFFICE 11X8 Broad war
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kaufcr Ttnlgn Atnrtitiag, Kar$aittt Bnfldlug. Chicago,
iLocg Distance Telephone "Central 261J.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Berald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHES B. M11TU 3u Tribune Bnlldlns;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaoo, O. Unioa Square:
Hum* H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Enermaa House; P. O. Newt Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WABHTSGTOX CD. C.» OFFICE. . . .14O6 O St^ If. W.
MOIITO.\ E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— f27 Mootromery. eomer of Clay, open
cnt:i *;*» o'clock. S00 Hayes. cr»n until >:S0 o'clock. 631
McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open un'-ll
• :» o'clock, mi Mission, rp-n until 10 o'clock. S61 Market
comer Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until t o'clock. NW. oor
n»r Twnty-ffond and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
6
a t> v j^ttTisnari^N Ta.
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
Townsend's California place fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tn«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st Telephone Main 1041 •
General Miles can begrfn the new century
aright by permitting th© beef scandal re-
naissance to pass unnoticed so far as ho
himself Is concerned.
Gulllet's Ice cream, mocha, camella, pistach*.
Chocolate cake*. 905 Larkln. phone Rut 133. •
Luxuriant hair with Us youthful color assured
by using Parker'a Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. th« best cure for coma. IS ef».
Gaa Consume™' Association, 844 Port at., re-
duces fas bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric wnrk promptly attended to.*
X GAT SEASON* la promised at Hotel del
Coronado. Coronado, CaL. this winter with a
Jolly houseful, an expert golf tournament, meet-
ing of field trials club, hunting, fishing, boat-
In*, dancing, ate »
According to Flammarlon and Tewla th»
new century Is going to be th© best ever
seen if they are spared for a few years
HOLE IN THE LUNGS
There are thousands of men
and women, as well a3 ever,
with holes in their lungs: con-
sumption stopped.
What did it?
Some change in way of life
and Scott's emulsion of cod- ' ,
liver oil.
A hole in the lungs, once '
healed, is no worse than a too-
tight waist or waistcoat Take
the emulsion and give it. a,,
chance to heal the wound.
Weilsead yon a Bttlato try.lf ytm IDw.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj>ti«Jm — Vauflevlll*.
Grand Opera-house— "A Virginia CourUhlp."
Alhambra— "Old Jed Prouty."
Alcauir — "Nell Gwynne."
Columbia — ""War Down East."
Tl voli— • # Cln<:ertlla.' *
Central Theater-" Woraan &sd Wlna.'*
California— "Human HearU."
Olympla. corner Mascn and Eddy »treet»— 6peclaltl««.
Chutes. Zoo and Tbeatei- — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ver.lrvg.
Fischer**- Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Benefit performance f j© families of
Clans Works accident. Thursday. January 17-
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C Torke,
Thursday evening, February 7.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Race*.
AUCTION SALES.
By Prank W . Butterfield — Thursday. January 10, at 11
o'clook, Turkish Rugs, at SCS Sutter 6treet.
By 'Wm. G. I^eyng — Saturday. January 12. at 12 o'clock.
Thoroughbred Horses, at Oakland Racetrack.Sun, Moon and Tide*.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at tne
city front -(Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tha
height of tide is the same at both places.
Bun rises.. ........... ..^...~~. M . M .. M 7:24
Sun seta ...8:06
Moon rises ...10:06 p. m.
NOTE— In tha above exposition of the. tide*
tha early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time of
day/ the third time column glvea the last tide
of • the day. ¦ except .when there are . but i three
tides, as sometimes occurs. •- The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when ; a
minus sign (— ) - precedes the height, and - then
tb« number given Is subtracted from t£e depth
given x by the charts. -¦ The plane ot ref erence
¦ft HSJBg^S&BS. W tt!LS3g\
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 8 — Stmr Peruvian,
from Gla^jow.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jaa 8— Stmr Cap Prlo,
from Hamburg.
Balled Jan 3 — Stmr Nomadlo. for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Vancou
ver, from Portland.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Lake
Champlain. from St John. N B, and Halifax.
HAMBURG — Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Tanls. for
San Francisco.
LIZARD — Passed Jan 8 — Stmr Amsterdam,
from New York, for Boulogne and Rotterdam.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN^-Sailed Jan 8— Br ship Many
down, for Dublin; Br bark Bowman B Law. for
Westport.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 8— Br ship Ponr
wern, from Liverpool.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Deo Sl-^Stmrs Cone
maugh. Br stmr Westminster and Aus stmr
Ff"*T>rn. for Son Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Nor »— Br ship
Lord Cairns, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Colon, for
Panama.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan T-Stmr CStr of
Rio de Janeiro, hence Dec 14.
HARTLEPOOL — Arrived Jan «-Q«r ship
Emllle, from Chemalnus.
HARWICH— Arrived Jan •— Fr bark Mare
chal Davout. hence Aug IS.
SHARPNESS— Arrived Jan •— Br ship Pega
sus, hence Aug 17.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived Jan 8— Br ship
Blackbraes, hence July 23.
COLON— Arrived Jan fr— Stmr Michigan, from
New York.
HULL— Arrived Jan 6— Ital ship Francesco
Clampa, hence July 28.
DEAL— Passed Jan 6— Br ship Kin* Edward.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Deo 30— Ger stmr Sesoetrls,
for Ban Francisco.
pic. for San Francisco; bktn Gleaner, for Port
Townsend.
HILO— Arrived Dec 21— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Dec 2. Deo 25— Bark Roderick Dhu.
hence Dec 2.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 8— Schr Jennie Wand,
from Coos Bay; stmr Pasadena, from Ban
Pedro. .
TA COM A— Cleared Jan T— Bark Agate, for
Eleel*.
SEATTLB-Sailed Jan T— Btmr Robert Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 8 — Stmr Czarina, hence Jan 4;
Chll bark Tosemlte, from Port Angeles; stmr
Haradea, hence Jan 6; stmr John B Klmball,
from .
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan S— Bark JD
Peters, hence Dec 26, for Comox.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco; U 8 stmr Perry, for .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Homer, for
Ban Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan I— Schr Sailor Boy,
hence Dec 23. - . • \
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr
Grace Dollar,- hence Jan 4; stmr Coronado,
hence Jan 4.
BOW ENS LANDING— Arrhred. Jan 8— Stmr
Navarro, hence Jan 7. * ,
To sail Jan 8 — Schr Mary Etta, for San Pran-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Luella,
hence Jan 2; schr Alice, from Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Sailed Deo 27— Bark S C Allen.
for San Francisco; bark St Katherlne, for San
Francisco: Br stmr Carmarthenshire, for Port
Albert:, bark W . B : Flint, for San Francisco:
IT S stmr Thomas, for Manila. Dec 29— Ship
Standard, for Pugct Bound ; Ger bark J C
Glade, for Puxet Sound; bark Mauna Ala, for
San Francisco. Dec 28— Schr Milder, for Puget
Sound. — ¦--"-. • -¦-¦ •¦--•--..
Arrived Deo 18— TJ 8 stmr ¦ Thomas, ' hence
Deo 17. Dec 25— Ship John . Currier, from Se
attle. Dec £&— Br stmr Carmarthenshire, from
Port Angeles. Dee 28— Nor ship Prince Albert,
from ¦ Newcastle: Br stmr ¦ Klntuck. from Port.
Angeles: Br stmr Coptic, henoe Dec 22. Dec 25
— Bark - Kalulanl. hence Dec 2. Deo 27— Schr
Novelty, from Caleta Buena. ¦ .
Arrived Dec 23— Bark RP, RitheV hence Deo
6. Dec 30— Bktn Irmgard. hence Deo 7. Jan 1—
Ger ship Marie Hae kfeld, from Bremen.
- Sailed Dec 81— §k>hr Rosamond and bark OJym-
P "¦•-¦: . . . • ' ••
DOMESTIC PORTS
Per ship Two Brothers— Sailed from Tuoma
Deo 23 for Lahalna. Vessel sprung a leak 850
miles 8W of Ban Francisco. Weather nearly
calm when vessel started to leak at rate of IS
inches an hour. Put into San Francisco for re
pairs.
Per stmr Rival — On Jan 8, 2:30 p m, 8 miles
NW of Point Reyes, ran Into bundles of shin
gles, a grating and other wreckage.
MEMORANDUM,
ABERDEEN, Jan 8— The schr Sailor Boy,
from San Francisco, reports that on Dec 28, at
6 pm. lat 40 4 N, Ion 131 10 W. when tacking.
Gustaf Bergman, aged 60 yearn, a native of
Stockholm, fell from the aft house on deck an<l
broke his neck. Was buried at sea Deo 80.
Captain Mattison of schr Bertha Dolbeer at
Grays Harbor reports further on vessel reported
sunk. AH particulars known stated In letter.
Vessel was four points on our lee bow, head on,
•uqare rlreed. low In water. Cannot tell num
ber of masts or material built of: was less
than two miles distant and getting nearer;
wind durtnsr the squa.ll was 9i> miles per hour;
position lat 47 10 N, Ion 127 W.
LONDON. Jan 8— Bark Pactolun. from Balti
more, for Sen Francisco, spoken, partially
dismasted, lat 48 S, Ion 64 W, no date. Wished
to be reported.
LONDON, Jan 7— Manila cables Leonora
wrecked and totally lost, ship and cargo. Part
of crew landed at Manila. Unable to get relia
ble Information from native crew. Vessel may
be Chll bark Latona, which sailed from Port
Blakeley Oct 15 for Eten.
M1SCEI.LAXEOTTS,
Per Br stmr Gaelic— Jan 2, 7:08 a m, lat 21 61
N, Ion 155 S3 W, stmr Zealandla, henco Deo 26,
for Honolulu. Jan 3. 11:50 a m, Jap Btmr
America Maru. hence Dec 29. for China, and
Japan, lat 25 44 N, Ion 150 44 W. Jan 6. 7:45
a m, lat 33 27 N, Ion 1S5 20 \V, stmr Alameda,
hence Jan 4, for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
POINT LCXBOS, Jan 8. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind Nff, velocity 10 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Brig Lurllne, Shaube, Kahulul.
Schr Chan B F^.lk, Hennlngsen, Grays Har
bor.
Scnr Oonflania. Christiansen, Cbqullle River.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg,
SAILED. ?
Tuesdav, January 8.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, Ban Pedro.
Stmr Albion, Erlckson, Honolulu.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Btmr Willamette, Hansen. Chemalnus.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Btmr Mackinaw, Ltttlefleld. Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu: Pacific Mall S S Co.
Btmr South Portland, Hall, Astoria and Port
land: Geo D Gray & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Kureka: Goodall, Per
kins & Co. -
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Ban Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Roanoke, Weaver, Panama; Panama
R R & S 8 Co.
Nor stmr Horda. Svetidsen. Tallen. via Ta
coma; American Trading: Co.
Br shitt Glaucus, Bennett, Queenstown; Ep
plneer & Ct>.
Brig Lurllne, Shaube, Kahulul; Alexander &
Baldwin.
Tuesday. January 8,
CLEARED.
lir stmr Gaelic, Finch, 28 days 9 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 14 hours 33
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 14 hours 83
minutes, via Honolulu 6 days 6 hours 57 min
utes.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson. 15 days from T&
coma: bound to I-'ihaina; put In In distress.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from. Bowens
Landing.
Tuesdar, ' January t.
Stmr* Newport. Bounders, 18 days 17 hours
from Panama, ect.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 8V4 days from Port Had-
Iock, via Neah Bay 5 days.
Stmr Lakme, Schage. 49 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Slpnnl. Itendegard, 4 days T hours from
Columbia River.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 67 hour* from Ooos
Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
tank material, 3 pkgs wagon material, S3 cs
whisky, 20 cs 3022 gals wine.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the steamer Mexico,
which Balled Monday for Mexico. Tha mani
fest consisted of 12 cs 670 gala wine, 23 cm
hardware, 6 cs paint, 3 cs 2 drums oil, valued
at fc;o.
166. What .wus the riddle of th« sphinx ?
167. What American statesman was
called "Ichabod" by WhitUer?
16S. What Englishman Is called, on his
monument In Westminster Abbey, "Tha
Prince of Poets"?
169. What corpulent English poet waa
called "Poet Squat"?
170. After the siege of what city did tha
women carry their husbands on their
backs through tha city gates?
1TL For how many years wu England
governed without King, Queen or Hous«
of Lords?
172. What living Southern novallat be
gan writing for tha New Orleans Pica
yune as "Drop Shot"?
178.- What is the stage name of the Eng
lish actor Henry Brodrfbb?
174. Who first called the Boston Stats
House "the hut> of the solar system**?
175. What happy-go-lucky author wat
dubbed by Horace Walpolo "Tha Inspired
Idiot"?
179. What national constitution to bound
in the skins of tha leadars of tha preced
ing regime?
177. What English poem U founded on
recollections of a dream?
. 178. Who wrote the music of tha Eng
lish national anthem, "Ood Sav* tha
King"?
Answers.
153, Attila. 153, Beethoven. 154. Napoleon
Bonaparta. 155, Henry I of England. 15<L
Josephus. 157, Marshal Nay. 133. Charles
V. 159, William IV of England. 160.
Charles Dickens' father, la, Charles
Klngsley. 162, Attila. 163. Addlson. 1M.
Belgium. 165. Ralph Waldo Emerson.
HOME STUDY CTBCLE QUERIES.
A case In New Jersey may be men
tioned In which tha court again repeated
the rule that the servant does not agree
to take the chance of any negligence on
the part of his employer, and that no
court had gone so far as to hold that
where such negligence contributed to tha
injury the servant could not recover. This
was true In a case against a railroad
company that had a defective bridge . of
which its employes had no knowledge. A
fireman waa killed by its giving way when
the engine was crossing. The engineer
had had orders not to go over the bridge
with his engine, but the fireman did not
know of the order. His death, therefore,
was regarded as tba act of the company.
An employer cannot escape, therefore,
when he employs an Incompetent servant
or uses an unfit appliance from recom
pensing an employe on tha ground that ha
has been Injured through tba negllgenca
of another who is a co-employe. In other
words, to use the brief words of the Su
preme Court of Indiana: "A master Is lia
ble to his servant for Injuries resulting
from bis defective machinery, although.
the negligence of a fellow-servant con
tributed to the accident."
ALBERT EL BOLLES.
Havarford College.
Jersey.
In the case of Booth vs. the Boston and
Albany Railroad, a train started without
enough trainmen, and In consequence an
Injury happened to ona of tha employes
on the train. The court held the com
pany liable.
For his own negligence the master is
responsible to bis servants equally as to
any other person. Ths servant on enter
ing the employment of the master does
not assume the risks of the master's neg
ligence. Ha assumes the risk of the neg
ligence of a coservant, but the reason of
the rule which exempts tha master from
liability to one servant for the negligence
of another ceases and has no application
when the master's own negllgenca caused
the injury.
The rule that the master is not liable
for the negligence of a coservant docs
not, however, go to the extent of exon
erating him from liability in every case
where It appears that he did not himself
do or direct the doing of the negligent
act, or even when the immediate negll
genca Is that of a person who In soma.
sense was the coservant of the person
Injured. There are certain duties which,
concern the safety of the servant which
belong to the master to perform, and ha
cannot rid himself of responsibility to his
servant for not performing them by show-
Ing that he delegated the performance to
another servant, who neglected to follow
his Instruction or omitted to do the duty
intrusted to him. The duty of tha master
to select competent servants and to pro
vide safe Implements and machinery for
the use of his servants belongs, to this
class.
Application of the) Rule In New
The Hole Applied to a Railroad.
in a collision with another train of ths
same company. Its defense was that the
Injured engineer was a fellow servant of
the other engineer, and consequently
that the company was not liable. He* on
the other hand, contended that he was In
jured by the company through the negli
gence of one of Its servants, and that it
was llabla. The court held that ha was
right in his contention.
The case of Sherman vm, ilenomlnee
River Lumber Company Is an interesting
one. The saws were in a bad and dan
gerous condition. An employe who was
not engaged in sawing lumber was in
jured through the negligence of one who
was attending the machine. If the opera
tor himself had been injured the question
would have been very different, for then
the employer would have contended that
he knew of the defective condition of tha
machine and assumed tne risk of using
it. Had this been tha case, tha defensa
would hava been complete. But it was
not the case. Another employe sued the
employer, who knew nothing about tha
machine and was lgaorant of Its condi
tion. As ha was not engaged In operat
ing the saws there was no reason for
his knowing anything about them. The
principle, therefore, that applies to one
who Is using a defective machine and
knows of its condition does not apply to
another who is doing something els*.
though it may be he Is at work near by.
The employer, therefore, wus held liable,
for the Injury was regarded as caused
by the company Itself. Tha court said:
"We are of the opinion that tha negli
gence of the coemploye of the plaintiff,
under such circumstancea, would not ex
cuse tha defendant, but would simply ba
negligence contributing to tha injury
caused by the negligence of tha defend
ant, and both the coemploye and the de
fendant would be llabla to the plaintiff.
The culpability of the defendant lies In
the fact that It permitted tha use of a
machine In doing Its work which by rea
son of its defects was unnecessarily dan
gerous to its employes."
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Another case has been decided in tha
same' State In which the principle was
again declared, but the . employe failed
chiefly because he was the most negli
gent. The cross beams ¦ in a building
were Insecure and the employe assisted In
propping them up. After making them
as secure as he could they were still
dangerous, and no one had better knowl
edge of this than himself. Nevertheless.
he continued to work in the building,
moving barrels until It gave way and In
jured him. It was shown that had he
taken more pains In rolling barrels the ac
cident 'Would not have happened. Me
'was . therefore regarded ¦ as the chief
author of his injury and could get nothing
from his employer.
An Employe Can Recover for the
Combined. Negligence of the Em
ployer and Another Employe.
When the negligence of the employer
and that of one of the employes produces
an Injury to another servant, the em
ployer Is liable therefor. ' The . Injured
servant assumes the risk of negligence of
his fellow-servant, but not the negligence
of his master. This rule was applied to
the J Grand Trunk ¦ Railway by the Su
preme Court of tha United States. An
*°&™* oa °g» 9<J^.tT>ifia>aa_trrjure < i
The Illinois rule has not found favor in
Pennsylvania. A. person was in the em
ploy of a contractor of a railroad com
pany and fastened a machine for sawing
wood to the railroad track in such a man
ner as to be Injured. He was there, how
ever, by the authority of the superintend
ent. The defense was that ho himself was
negligent, but he contended that if he waa
the company was more so. The court of
review made short work of this claim.
"The parties being mutually in fault,
there can be no apportionment of the
damage. The law has no scales to deter
mine in euch cases whose wrongdoing
weighed most in tha compound that
caused the mischief."
In another case of an Injured employe
the Judgo charged the Jury that if his
negligence contributed In any material
degree toward the injury he could not re
cover. The Supreme Court declared that
the charge was wrong, and that he should
have said that if his negligence contrib
uted in any degree to cause the accident
he could not recover. In other words, tha
negligence could not b« measured,
weighed or apportioned between the par
ties. Justice FaxBon said that this had
always been the rule in Pennsylvania.
"This is a safe rule, easily understood,
and cannot well be frittered away by the>
Jury. But If we substitute the word •ma
terial* for the word 'any* we practically
abolish the rule, for a Jury can always
find a way to avoid it. We are not dis
posed to allow it to be undermined."
In one other case against a railroad In
which both parties were negligent, the
Judge attempted to leave the question of
comparative negligence to the Jury. But
the Supreme Court said he did wrong.
"We have repudiated oftentimes attempts
to draw the line between contributing acts
of negligence in fixing their consequence,
and have always held that in such cases
neither party can recover from the other.
This is the rule of the common law, as
old as the common law itself, and rests
on the solid reason that one man has no
right to recovor from another for conse
quences attributable In part to his own
wrong."
Consequence of Using Defective Ma
chinery.
Passing from tha consideration of this
principle, another will be mentioned re
lating to the working of defective and
dangerous machinery. There may be
gross negligence on tha part of tha em
ployer in having it, but the courts every
where hold that an employe ought not to
uae It, and if he does he is guilty of such
negligence as prevents him from recover
ing from his employer. This defense
was made by a railroad in Missouri to an
action brought against it by the wife of
an employe who was killed In Its service.
The court remarked that "there may be
cases where a servant would be wanting
in due care by incurring the risk or In-
Jury In tha use of defective or Imperfect
machinery or apparatus after he. knew It
might cause him bodily harm, but we do
not think this case is one of that class."
The Illinois Rule in Other States.
The California Rule.
Let us then turn to the rule of measur
ing the negligence of both parties. In the
trial of the Jacobs case by the Supreme
Court of Illinois in 1S58 Mr. Justice Breeze,
after reviewing many cases on the ques
tion, concludes thus: "It will be seen from
these cases that the question of liability
does not depend absolutely on the absence
of all negligence on the part of the in
jured person, but upon the relative degree
of care or want of care, as manifested by
both parties, for all care or negligence is
at best relative, the absence of the high
est possible degree of care showing the
presence of some negligence, slight as it
may be. The true doctrine, therefore, we
think, is that in proportion to the negli
gence of the employer should be measured
the degree of care required of the em
ploye—that is to say, the more gross the
negligence manifested by the employer
the less degrea of care will be required^ c>f
the employe to enable him to recover.
The California Rule.
The rule In California la worthy of
note.. If the negligence of the employe
amounts to the absence of ordinary care,
if it shall contribute proxlmately or prin
cipally to the injury, he cannot recover.
The rule was applied in the following
case: A man was driving hla wagon
slowly toward a railroad crossing. A
locomotive came along, frightened his
horses and they ran away. Lumber was
piled up on either side of the street bo
that a dfiver could not see an engine un
til he was very near the track- lTurther
more, the engine bell was not rung, as
the law required. The Supremo Court, in
reviewing the case said: "A very timid
or cautious person would not, perhaps,
have driven in the direction of the rail
road, knowing that a train might pasa
along the track, and that the warning
bell might not be sounded. But the ques
tion is. Did the traveler exercise ordinary
caxe and prudence in doing what he did?
The degree of caution required is relative
to the rest, but no person is bound to as
sume that another will abandon any rea
sonable precaution. He would have had
no right to close hla eyes had he been in
a position to see the track, but this he
could not do until he reached a point very
near it." Of course, this principle ap
plies to employers and employes as well as
others.
The Proportioning of Negligence.
And here we stop to remark that one of
the reasons why the courts have been so
busy in buildinjr up a fortress of law for
the protection of employers is their fear
of the action of Juries if they "were left
with power to decide more Questions— to
roam over a wider plain. Their inclina
tion to give verdicts in favor of employes
is proverbial, and also large damages. On
the other hand, is it not true that the
narrowing of their functions leads directly
to this Tesult— that whenever they get a
chance they are bent on improving it? We
have no doubt that if Juries had been
more considerate and impartial courts
would have been more inclined to keep a
wider field open for their inquiry and de
cision.
V II f
(Second Paper.)
In some States an attempt has been
made to measure or compare the negli
gence on both sides and then award judg
ment in favor of the least culpable. This
doctrine has been derided by some courts;
It has been adopted In Illinois and Geor
gia and is gaining ground. Such a strong
principle of Justice underlies , It that it
commends itself to many. On the other
hand a principle of this nature that Is to
be administered or applied by an un
trained Jury is apt to be abused. Such &
body of men, without training:, with
strong: likes and dislikes, sympathies and
prejudices, are quite unable, in many
cases at least, ta weigh and compare the
evidence relating to such a question.
Doubtless if Judges alone were to apply
the rule the courts would regard It with
more favor.
¦ Courts Fear Juries.
for Queenstown for orders, with 71.828 ctls
wheat valued at 174. 300 and 20.000 feet lumber
as dunnage valued at 1800.
?
Additional Manifests.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Curacao, which sailed Monday for ',' Mexico,
carried the following merchandise valued at
132,904: 392 bxs apples, 10 ca axla grease, 11,181
lbs beans, 3461 lbs butter, 15 cs beer. 1623 lbs
bread. 42 cs canned ' goods, ¦ 20.E14 n>s corn, 17
cs candles, 5630 It>s cheese, 12 pkgs car ma
terial. 18 cs drygoods, 2S9 lbs dried fruit, 15
c« electrical goods, 56 cr fuse, 243 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 4 bbls glassware, 72 cs
hardware, 9 bales hay. 46,962 ft lumber, 10
bbls lanterns. 251 pktcs machinery, : 36 kegs
nails," 10 bdls newspaper, 77 cs oil. 25 crs
onions, 229 crs potatoes. 40 cs paint, 225 bdls
pipe. 647 pes pipe and fitting, 352 pkgs pro
duce, 10 crs paste, 6 Kegs staples; 5 bdls spices.
2SS bdls shooks. 9 cs stationery, . 10 kegs spikes,
* chests tea,* cs tar, 8000 lbs sugar, 142 pkss
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Glaueus, cleared yesterday
Merchandise for the Orient.
The steamship City of Peking sailed yester
day for China and Japan with a general cargo
valued at $101,540, manifested as follows: For
China, tSl.662; for Japan, {27,614; for Manila,
J1K.0C6; for East Indies, S123S; for .Vladivostok,
(3000. In addition to this cargo the steamer
also carried a large quantity of Government
stores to the Orient for the quartermaster's
department, which occupied most of the freight
spaco on the %-essel and which was not cleared
at the Custom-house. The manifested cargo
consisted of the following:
For China— 9000 bbls flour, 5 pkrs groceries
and provisions, 5 cs household goods, 1167 pigs
lead, 71 pkgs machinery. 1 ca photo ' roods, i
cs typewriters, 1£1 cs whisky, 20 caks ginseng*,
2 cs cash . registers.
For Japan— 2 crs bicycles. 3 cs dental goods,
4135 bbls flour, 6 pkgs machinery, < cs notions,
1350 kegs nails, 2 steam launches, 10S tons salt,
7 cs sponges. "
For Manila — 75 cs murtard. 70 bxs lemons, 7
cs paper and stationery, 12,000 gals beer, COOO
crs potatoes,* 1000 crs onions, 76 bxs oranges.
For East Indies— 26 I'dls-lron pipe, 1 drum
asphaltum.
For VladlTowtok— 43 pkga machinery.
Shipping Merchants.
The Planter and the C. D. Bryant will load
merchandise for Honalulu; the Courtney Ford,
lumber at Everett for Salinas Crux; the Emma
Claudlna, merchandise for Mahukona; the
Celticburn. wheat for Europe, 33a 9d, re
chartered prior to arrival ; the Kalsow, wheat
at Portland for St. Vincent for orders.
NEWS OIT THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Captain Meyer Married.
The pilots have been having a lot of Ju
bilation among themselves during the last
few months. Captain Fred Jordan's
"baby" up to some months ago was 16
years old. Now there is another baby in
the house that has put the 16-year-older's
"nose out of Joint." The same thing hap
pened in Captain McCulloch's family, and
now Captain Louis Meyer has gone and
got married. The bride is Miss Minerva
Lyon, and her friends have not yet got
tired of congratulating her. Captain
Meyer is one of the most popular of the
pilots, and all his friends join in wishing
him many years of happy wedded life.
Captain Freeman, who was carried away
on the Titania, is on his way home. Ajs
eoon as the big collier reached Nanaimo,
B. C, Jean Btarted back for San Fran
cisco.
When Captain Mattison of the schooner
Bertha Dolbeer wrote to this city that he
saw a ship disappear on December 22 the
chances are he was correct as far as he
went. . Insurance men, however, think
that the gallant skipper was so busy
minding his own business that he had not
time to notice what became of the ship.
If a 230-ton schooner, flying- light, could
live out a 90-knot gale, it seems hardly
probable that a ship under short canvas
would go down. Then Captain Mattison
says she was -only two miles away, and
yet he cannot tell whether she was a
bark or a ship or had three masts or four.
Just the same, the rate of reinsurance
on vessels bound for the Columbia River
has advanced. The rate on the Rath
down, now out ninety-6ix days from Yoko
hama for Portland, has gone to 90 per
cent; on the Castle Rock, seventy-three
days out from Hongkong for British Co
lumbia, the underwriters are paying 23
per cent; on the Andrada, fifty-seven
days out from Santa Rosalia for Port
land, 15 per cent; Bertha, seventy-six days
from Wei-hai-wei for Portland, DO per
cent; Otto Gildemeister, flfty-four days
from Yokohama for Portland, 50 per cent,
and Cape Wrath, sixty-seven days from
Callao for Portland, 30 per cent. In the
majority of these cases, however, the
fears of the underwriters do not center
around the local storm, but around the
typhoon that raged off the Japanese
coast last month and came near wrecking
the transport Sherman.
— #
Trouble on the warren.
There will probably be an investigation
on the army transport Warren as soon
as she reaches port. The following Is
from the Manila Times:
Georg-e H. Walsh and Fred Lawrence, first
and second butchers, respectively, of the trans
port Warren, and Louis Staph, night watch
man of .the same vessel, came into port In
irons, charged with selling the shin's stores
for their own benefit. They were arraigned
before Judge Whltsett at the San Fernando Po
lice Station yesterday morning and their cases
transferred to the Parian-street Court for trial.
None of them have been able to furnish the $500
ball required.
Chief Steward Pfeiffer preferred the chances,
through Quartermaster Captain Miles. He says
the evidence will show that the men have been
systematically robbing the Government for
tome time, taking advantage of their positions
to further their personal interests.
Chief Officer Murch of the Warren came
home on the Sherman, and Second Officer
Dahlstead has taken his place. The War
ren is now out ten days from Manila and
should reach here about the 25th inst.
m
Shipyards All Busy.
From San Francisco to Pujret Sound
there is not a 'shipyard that has not more
work to attend to than can conveniently
be got rid of In a year. Lumber mills are
going night and day. and from one end of
the coast to the other can be heard the
sound of the mallet, adze and ax. Of the
entire fleet that will be launched during
the next few months perhaps the hand
somest will be the barkentine Kohala.
now building at Bendlxsen's at Kureka
for Hind, Itolph & Co. She will be almost
a sister ship to the barkentine Hawaii,
and will be fitted out in splendid style.
The owners of the Kohala have other ves
sels building at Alameda Point. Grays
Harbor, Puget Sound and one In England.
The latter order was only sent abroad be
cause the firm could not get a builder on
the Pacific Coast "who would accept a con
tract, even at a fancy price.
TTTR STORY DISCREDITED.
Captain Mattison's Tale Is' Not Be
lieved by Underwriters.
Miss E. F. Boughton, Paul Davis, Joseph Es-
Hck. L. M. Fassett. C. li art well. Miss S. C.
Lewis, Mrs. J. H. Scutt and three children,
"Waxren H. Warden. W. II. O. RivlnKtun. ihe
Kev. George E. Campbell. Mrs. Paul Davis and
Child, C. M. Fassett, Miss K. Hughes. Otis A.
Poole. Georce C. Walker and two children,
Charles Cliit, Frank Deardorf, Mrs. C. M. Fas
6ett. Miss L. Hartwell, Captain C. R. S. de
Koven. the Kev. J. II. Scott, Eric M. Worden
and Hits Lena Zurpluh.
Besides these the Gaelic brought over
three .Europeans and one Chinese In the
eecond cabin and four Japanese and 144
Chinese in the steerage, besides $700,000 in
treasure.
Miss E. F. Boughton, who came up in
the cabin from Hongkong, was in the
siege of Peking, but she has nothing to
add to the stories already told.
THE Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's Gaelic ar
rived and the Pacific Mail Com
pany's City of Peking departed
' for the Orient yesterday. The
Peking was late in getting away, as the
Southern Pacific trains were behind time
and 400 Porto Klcans and 78 negroes from
Alabama, who are bound for the sugar
plantations in Hawaii, did not reach the
mole until after dark. They were brought
from Oakland in a special boat, and once
safely aboard the Peking got under way
and went to sea.
The Gaelic brought in the following
named cabin passengers:
Many Ships From the Orient for Portland Are Overdue.
Arrival of the Gaelic and Sailing of City of
Peking for Japan and China.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Law Lessons for Employers and Em
ployes — Rule in Cases Where
Both Are Negligent.
RISE IN RATES OF INSURANCE ON
VESSELS BOUND FOR THE COLUMBIA
¦¦¦. ." . ; •'¦¦-'¦¦¦¦..". , »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
HANDSOME NEW BARKENTINE KOHALA, NOW NEARINQ COMPLE
TION AT EUREKA. SHE IS ONE OF A NEW FLEET THAT WILL GO
INTO COMMISSION BEFORE JUNE NEXT.
WEDNESDAY. JANTTART a,
TO ARRIVE!
7
Steamer.
Destination.
Ball*
Pier.
Peru Pan. & Way. Jan. 9, IS m
Queen San Diego Jan. 9. 8 am
Coquille Rt. Grays Harbor Jan. 10, 8 pm|
Umpire Coos Bay Jan. 10, 12 m
Fulton Giays Harbor Jan. 11, ......
State of CaL Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 11, n am
Corona Newport Jan. 11, Bom
Eureka Humboldt .... Jan. 11, 9 am
Banta Ana.. Humboldt ... Jan. 11. 9 am
Nome City. Seattle ....... Jan. IX 10 am
Alliance...- Ptld & 0. B. Jan. 12, 10am
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 12, 12 m
Rival Wlllapa Har. Jan. 12, 6 pm
W.H.Krugw Grays Harbor Jan. 11,
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena. Jan. 12. 1 pm
Newburg... Grays Harbor Jan. 12,
Columbia... Portland Jan. IS, 11am
Rainier Seat & N. W. Jan. 18
Santa Rosa. San Dlegro.... Jan. 13. 9 am
Pomona Humboldt ... Jan. 13. 2 pm
North Fork. Humboldt ... Jan. 14,
Bonlta Newport Jan. 15, Sam
Gaello China & Jap. Jan. 18, 1 pm
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 13
PIwM
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 20
Pier —
Pterl8
Pier I
Pier"t
pier'ti
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier 2
Pier 11
PMSS
Nome City
Corona..........
Bnmoa.
Eureka
N«wburg
Point Arena....
Eanta Rosa
Columbia
Rainier
V,\ H. Krujer.
Crescent City..
Alliance
Arcata. .........
Tellus
Robert Dollar..
North Fork....
Pomona
Zealandla
Walla Walla...
Queen..
Bonlta.....
Progreso........
Tltanla
Argo
Coronorto.......
Marl poea. ......
G. W. Elder...
Seattle ..
Newport ....__...„.....
Humboldt
Humboldt
Grays Harbor......^....
Point Arena
8on Diego ........
Portland .....„„. ......
Seattle ...........
Grays Harbor M ».
Cretcent City
Portland and Coos Bay
Coos Bay
Nanalmo .................
Seattle ..
Humboldt „
Humboldt
Honolulu
Victoria & Furet Sund.
San DieKO. ........
Newport
Tacoma
Nanaimo .....
Coqullle Rtrer.
Orays Harbor ..........
Sydney and Way Ports
Portland
Jan. •
Jan. »
Jan. 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 10
Jan. io
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jem. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 16
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. IS
Jan. 12
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 14
Jan. 14
.• O
O :
• ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13 ...
si
Time
H W
8:04
•8:40
4:1S
4:58
5:39
.6:20
0:17
-
B.2
6.3
S.S
5.2
6.3
5.4
2.7|
Time -
Ft.
L W
8:30 2.5
9:34 2.3
10:36 1.9
11:31 2.2
12:80 1.8
1:23 0.9
7:00 8.6
Time
H.W
2:25
3:25
4:33
5:43
7:02
8:15
2:10
Time
Ft. Ft
L W
4.6 8:30 0.7
4.2 9:10 1.3
3.8 9:65 1.7
3.6 10:40 . 2.0
3.5 U:Sl 2.4
O.'tji-ii "ilo
.• O
O :
• ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13 ...
si
Time
H W
8:04
•8:40
4:1S
4:58
5:39
.6:20
0:17
-
B.2
6.3
S.S
5.2
6.3
5.4
2.7|
Time -
Ft.
L W
8:30 2.5
9:34 2.3
10:36 1.9
11:31 2.2
12:80 1.8
1:23 0.9
7:00 8.6
Time
H.W
2:25
3:25
4:33
5:43
7:02
8:15
2:10
Time
Ft. Ft
L W
4.6 8:30 0.7
4.2 9:10 1.3
3.8 9:65 1.7
3.6 10:40 . 2.0
3.5 U:Sl 2.4
O.'tji-ii "ilo
Steamer.
Destination.
Ball*
Pier.
Peru Pan. & Way. Jan. 9, IS m
Queen San Diego Jan. 9. 8 am
Coquille Rt. Grays Harbor Jan. 10, 8 pm|
Umpire Coos Bay Jan. 10, 12 m
Fulton Giays Harbor Jan. 11, ......
State of CaL Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 11, n am
Corona Newport Jan. 11, Bom
Eureka Humboldt .... Jan. 11, 9 am
Banta Ana.. Humboldt ... Jan. 11. 9 am
Nome City. Seattle ....... Jan. IX 10 am
Alliance...- Ptld & 0. B. Jan. 12, 10am
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 12, 12 m
Rival Wlllapa Har. Jan. 12, 6 pm
W.H.Krugw Grays Harbor Jan. 11,
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena. Jan. 12. 1 pm
Newburg... Grays Harbor Jan. 12,
Columbia... Portland Jan. IS, 11am
Rainier Seat & N. W. Jan. 18
Santa Rosa. San Dlegro.... Jan. 13. 9 am
Pomona Humboldt ... Jan. 13. 2 pm
North Fork. Humboldt ... Jan. 14,
Bonlta Newport Jan. 15, Sam
Gaello China & Jap. Jan. 18, 1 pm
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 13
PIwM
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 20
Pier —
Pterl8
Pier I
Pier"t
pier'ti
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier 2
Pier 11
PMSS
Nome City
Corona..........
Bnmoa.
Eureka
N«wburg
Point Arena....
Eanta Rosa
Columbia
Rainier
V,\ H. Krujer.
Crescent City..
Alliance
Arcata. .........
Tellus
Robert Dollar..
North Fork....
Pomona
Zealandla
Walla Walla...
Queen..
Bonlta.....
Progreso........
Tltanla
Argo
Coronorto.......
Marl poea. ......
G. W. Elder...
Seattle ..
Newport ....__...„.....
Humboldt
Humboldt
Grays Harbor......^....
Point Arena
8on Diego ........
Portland .....„„. ......
Seattle ...........
Grays Harbor M ».
Cretcent City
Portland and Coos Bay
Coos Bay
Nanalmo .................
Seattle ..
Humboldt „
Humboldt
Honolulu
Victoria & Furet Sund.
San DieKO. ........
Newport
Tacoma
Nanaimo .....
Coqullle Rtrer.
Orays Harbor ..........
Sydney and Way Ports
Portland
Jan. •
Jan. »
Jan. 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 10
Jan. io
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jem. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 16
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan. IS
Jan. 12
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 13
Jan. 14
Jan. 14
A2TTJSEMENTS.
• Makes a decided hit." — Chronlcle.
""Wlll doubUess attract cany people." — Ex-
aminer.
"Most perfect production ever witnessed In
Ban Francisco." — Post.
••InTere*tlnc and Hunian." — Bulletin.
Way Down East
EVERY XIGHT. INCLIT»IN*O SUNDAY.
MATHCEE SATURDAY.
Beats now celling- for entire engagement.
COMIJVC-TirO CONCERTS
MILE. 10L0RES (TREBHLLI),
ATtemoons cf Jan. IS and 17.
Another Great Orpheum Show !
JIATrN'EE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. JAN. 9.
Parquet, "c. any Beat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. r>c any part except reserved.
THE FIVE OLRAC6. BETTfXA GERARD.
J. F CROSBY JR.. INEZ FORMAN AND
COMPANY. THE WILLY COLLINIS, JOE
FANTLEY. THE SISTERS HAWTHORNE.
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS. THE BIO-
GRAPH AND RETURN ENGAGEMENT
OF SHEAN AND WARREN.
BELASCO A-* THALCSjfcftfg.
* **^ JMXZE' COY tIAU
Phone Fouth iC3.
TO WiHT Ar ' a Even- Evening This Week.
I •.--.Maul Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS.
Pr<v!u'*ei5 exactly as f»en at the Academy of
Mu*i<\ New York. Maer-.iflrent Scenery — Gor-
fre'njs cofturr.p? — Great Duel Scene, etc.
Over 1*10 People In This nig Production.
First Appearance ot this theater— ADA LEWIS.
DBTf*E I Evenlnrs — 10c. \Zc. 25c. 35c. EOc
rlULX ' Matinee— 10c. 15c. ZZc.
N<xt Week— Grand Production "THE TWO
OUI'HANS."
filVHEATRE M>
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
PROFESSIONAL MATINEE TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
MATTNTX SATCRDAT.
FEATS ON FALE SIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
Next— SYVEEtFlAVENDER
TO-XK2KT »-_h Performance ot the Tremen-
dous Kit.
nveclcfs at 8 Bharp.
Matinee SatcrC&y at 2 Sharp.
Br fc-.prnvEis iiaetman.
6e« Oscar I* Fesfs Fin* TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPT31-AK PRICES 25 and CO cents.
Telephone— Bush J.
RACING I RACING! RACING!
1900— WINTER BTETEmNO— 180L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 81 TO JAN. IS. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kjurir.r Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Knday and Saturday. Rain or sbiaa.
Five or mcr« races each flay.
K&ces start at 2:16 d. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 tn. and
12-.SQ. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to tn*
track. Lost two cars en train reserved for
ladles and their escorU; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Ehell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
?-• .' :ric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole oon-
nect with Ban Pabls avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric can
co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returnlnar— Trains leave the trade at 4:15 and
< <' p. rri. and tnunedlately after the last race.
THOMAfl H. WILLlAHd JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
Fischer's 1^^
Oro, Bernard and Oro, Marie D. Wood, Eld
Baxter, Kile. Atlantic, Rousell Brothers, Nell
l&ontgofnery and Antonio and Ccnchlta Mar-
Unet.
Reserved Seats SSe. Matlne*' Sunday,
a
BeautifulipyX
Tufted ($/ I
j COUCH %L*&
1 Bts*l-t«tnt>«rt6 luring*, n?ho!st£r«4 (|)
i\ with nlc« fliurtd relour. " ¥
: Special Reductions in
I . every department. J
\> HoBsas tarnished complete— eitl- t '
V mates cheerfully given. Country
1 trado a specialty. Free delivery
' within 100 mllea on $23 worth and .
I "CASH or_CRBDIT. 1
I T. Brilliant Farnitnre Co., f
V, ' OPEN EVENDIG3. . '/I
I 338-342 POST ST., S&vj
The above represents Mr. W. J. Pattosien, the most prom-
inent furniture man west of Chicago. A few years ago the gentle-
man opened a small store in this city. To-day the Pattosien Com-
pany is the largest Furniture House on the coast. Mr. Pattosien
is now in New York City, shipping goods by carloads to the
Pattosien Company, cor. Sixteenth and Mission streets.
ADVERTISEMENT.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ALL, THIS WEEK
William Cranes Greatest Triumph,
"A VIKGJNIA
COURTSHIP."
"A Truly Delightful Performance."
Next Week— 'THE ROGUES COMEDY."
PRICKS— lOe. 1.1c. 25c 50c.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mati-
nees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
"A CLEAN MELODRAMA IS 'HUMAN
HEARTS.' "— L. t)u Pont Syle, "Call."
HUMAN HEARTS!
THIS WEEK. ONLY, MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next SUNT>AY AFTERNOON A Buprem* Con-
coction of Mirth and Merriment,
entitled
"A BREEZY TIME."
Monday Night, January the 21st
MRS. FISKE In "BECKY SHARP."
Alf. Elllnghouse Proprietor and Manager.
Phone_ South 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Special Engagement of
RICHARD GOLDEN
And His Own Excellent Company,
la the BEST OF ALL DOWN EAST PLAYS,
OLD JED PROUTY.
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evening— 25c. 35c. 50c, 75c and $1.
Matinee — 25c, Kc and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon — The New York Man-
hattan Theater euccees. "A STRANGER IN A
FTRANGE LAND," the Funniest Farce Ever
Written. First Time In Thts City.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
THE PRISON JF THE POPE.
.Low 1 UKD 1 > Y
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit of BT. JOHN'S PARISH.
(Rev. Father Brady, Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F ?M901,
At 8 o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Jessie Streets.
TICKETS r'.'T T, '' i 60c
CHUTES AND ZOO "J2?^2gy
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
T0-M0RR0W NIGHT-
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
AND A BLACK BALLET.
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. PARK q.
nil inr These hotels pos-
I A L A I J L ses§ ' the attribates
1 "*¦""*¦ t hat tourists and
Qnfj travelers appreciate
""" —central location,
PDA Klfl liberal manage-
UllAiilJ ment, modern ap-
MATri ft pointmenta an d
nil I LLOi pe rf ect cuisine.
IIUIULVf American and Eu-
SSII FrailClSCO. ropean plant. • :' ; x
ywmvvwvwwvvvwwwww
i '%2*&d23&' INJECTION. <
i| A PERMANENT CURE ];
J • of the most obstinate case* of Gonorrha* ! |
i | And Gleet, enaranleed In from 3 to 6 c
I , days ; no other treatment required. . %
I 1 . , Sold bv all druggists. ] t
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAillANA BITTERS, THE
VJgreat Mexican remedy; gives health and*
¦trancth to sesual ercaas. S«pot, 123 Market.More than 120 talesmen have been exam
ined in: Judge. Fritz's court in the case of
A;; Victor,. charged ; with selling pools by
means of a handbook, and only two have
been accepted. Another attempt will be
made this afternoon.' ,
Victor Pool \ Selling Case.
Michael " Chebukar, ; who wanted to kill
himself and his wife last week and was
arrested for threats to kill, was commit
ted to the Napa Insane Asylum yester
day. "While ln the City Prison he present
ed his double set of false teeth, worth $30.
to another prisoner; and now his wife is
anxious to, discover the/ prisoner, as she
wants the. teeth back. :¦ -
Chebukars' Falsa Teeth,
J. " L. Martin, father of Blanch Martin,
who attempted to end her life last Mon
day by taking a "dose of chloroform In a
Mission-street lodging-house, arrived in
the city yesterday, from Stockton and took
the young woman home. She was at one
time the wife of a man named Shammell,
who obtained a divorce from her. taking
their. 4-year-old child \wlth : him. • to Colo
rado, where he Is now supposed to reside.
Blanch Martin Goes Home.
Emma C. Baker field suit yesterday
against the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company to recover $530 damages for
the failure of the defendant corporation
to supply her residence with gas within
the period provided by law after demand
for the same being made ln writing. Mrs.
Baker alleges that the company refused
to furnish her with gas for a period of
106 days, and; she sues to recover the stat
utory damages of $5 a day, which totals
$530. ' .' -.-¦. •
Gas Company Sued.
At a meeting of the Veteran Volunteer
Firemen's Association last night the fol
lowing named officers were elected: Presi
dent. Steve Bunnerj(re-elected); first vice
president, "W. H. North; second vice presi
dent, J. Kavanagh; third vice president,
Morris Baker; recording secretary, J. Mc-
Mahon; treasurer, .W. Fahrenkrup; finan
cial secretary, John Williams; board of
directors— Frank Tarramorse, Henry
Ryder and A. Sharp; trustees— Richard
Harroll, P. Connor and P. A. "Will.
* Volunte«rs Elect Officers!
The State Board of Trade met yester
day afternoon to discuss measures look
ing to proper representation of
California at the Pan-American Expo
sition to be held at Buffalo, N. T., from
May I .to November 1 of the present year.
It was the opinion of those present at
the meeting that every effort should be
put forth to have the State fittingly rep
resented at the exposition. It Is the inten
tion of those who have the matter of the
representation of California in hand to
lose no opportunity in giving to the world
at large an insight into the wonderful
mechanical and natural resources of the
State. ,
Secretary Kilcher read communications
from the Sacramento Valley Development
Association and the San Joaquin Valley
Association. Both associations will hava
representatives meet at Sacramento next
Monday and discuss the matter of having
a joint display at the exposition.
A memorial from the California Water
end Forest Association addressed to the
State Legislature, asking that the State
make an appropriation equal to that given
by the Federal Government to have Cail
fornia properly represented at Buffalo,
was indorsed.
The California Fruit Canners' Associa
tion and A. Repsold, representing the wine
men, promised to send displays to the ex
position. Arthur R. Brlggs of Fresno, rep
resenting the raisin growers, and J. Row
ley of the California Packers' Associa
tion, promised that the organizations they
represented would send displays to the
exposition without cost to the Board of
Trade.
rAT,TTrtP.TfTA AT THE
PAN-AMEBICAN FAIR
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Union is mak
ing its campaign along active lines. Two
small houses, which, despite the edict of
the union, kept open aiter 6 o'clock, were
promptly made to close their doors.
Hereafter those stores which have agreed
to close will be asked to display the of
ficial unio,n card setting forth that fact.
An enlarged committee has been . ap
pointed to agitate the trades unions of the
city to purchase only of such houses as
display these cards.
Shoe Clerks Active.
"Resolved, That all unions affiliated with the
Federation of I^abor are urged to co-operate
with the printing trades unions to secure recog
nition of the Allied Printing Trades Council
label."
In the evening the report of the com
mittee on labels and boycotts was pre
sented. The committee reported that it
heartily Indorsed show cards being dis
played in all union establishments..
The clause reading "No person occupy
ing any political office, by appointment
or otherwise, or who may be a candidate
for the same, shall be eligible to a 6eat in
the convention," was then taken up. Dur
ing the afternoon there was a wordy war
over this clause in the by-laws. W. Mac
arthur denounced several members of the
delegation as political officeholders. A.
DljeaM followed. He declared that the
former speaker had made a personal at
tack on him. He claimed that he did hold
an office In the City Hall, due to passing
a civil service examination, and that he
passed with 92 per cent. Dijeau Bald that
he was still a musician, but was forced
to work in the Recorder's office, as he
was unable to firet work at his trade.
After a discussion of over an hour and
a half the clause was stricken out by a
vote of 58 to 4G.
The convention will open at 9 this morn
lng.^ ,
nor more v than ninety (90) days, or by both
such fine and Imprisonment. • .
"Section 4. This act shall take effect %nd be
in force from and 'after its passage.
"Whereas, The printing trades represented In
the Allied Printing Trades Council " of San
Francisco have for some time been carrying on
an unceasing fight against the non-union firms
represented In the San Francisco Typothetae,
¦which has rejected all propositions looking to
a settlement: and.
"Whereas. These firms are patronized by the
merchants and business men who deoend for
their support on the patronage of the wage
earners of this city and Stfue; therefore, be it
"Resolved by the Calif ornia State Federation
of Labor in convention assembled. That we de
clare all printing firms who refuse to recognize
the printing trades unions unfair; and be it
further
Representatives of CaMrornia In Coneress ths
necessity of enactlnc stringent measures pre
venting the immigration to this country, of
cheap alien labor, reeardle^s of race or na
tionality: and further,
- Resolved, That copies or this resolution be
transmitted at once to tne aforesaid Represen
tatives and Senators.
The second resolution was laid over. The
fifth was referred to the label and boycott
committee. The others were adopted.
At the afternoon session the following
was Introduced by J. G. Pierce after a
long discussion on the check system now
prevalent at Mare Island:
Resolved, That the California State Federa
tion of Labor denounces the present system of
check listing now in force in Government
pratits and that the legislative committee of
the California State Federation of Labor be
requested to call the attention of the proper
authorities at Washington to the condition and
request that action shall be taken to stop euch
practice.
Harry Gibb of the San Francisco Typo
graphical Union handed In the following
resolutions. They will be brought up to
day:
To the Officers and Members of the Conven
tion Now Assembled in This City for the Pur
pose of Forming a State Federation of Labor-
Gentlemen: We. the delegates of this conven
tion of the printing trades, respectfully sub
mit the following bill, and request its indorse
ment by thia convention and the support of the
State Federation of Labor in securing its pas
sage by the State Legislature now assembled
in Sacramento:
"AM ACT
"Regulating tfce use of union labels upon
printed matter furnished by or for the State
of California.
"The people of the State of California, repre
sented In t?enate and Assembly, do enact as
"Section 1. All printing done by or for the
State of California or for which the State of
California is chargeable, including reports of
State officers. State boards, books, pamphlets,
blanks letterheads, envelopes and printed mat
ter of every kind and description, save and ex
cept certificates of appointment and election to
office shall bear the label of the Allied Printing
Trades Council, or the label of the Internation
al Typographical Union of North America, as
registered with the Secretary of State.
Section 2. No officer of the State shall accept
any printed matter save that specifically ex
ccpted in section 1 of this act for which the
State is chargeable which does not bear the
label of the Allied Printing Trades Council or
the label of the International Typographical
Union of Nortli America.
"Section 3. Any officer or other person who
violates any of the provisions of this act shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not less than one hundred (100) dollars nor
more than five hundred (500) dollars, or by im
prisonment of not less than thirty (30) days
POLICE COMMISSIONERS HEAR
APPLICATIONS FOR LICENSES
Cannon, the Man of Weight, Appears Before
1 Board and Made Glad With Permit.
his saloon at 141 Montgomery street in,
order that he might sell the business.
The District Attorney submitted an
opinion that the board had no control
over a hack owner, who, having an own
er's license, operated the vehicle for hire.
The Supervisors will be asked to pass a
law giving the board the requisite control.
At the request of Chief Sullivan the Dis
trict Attorney will be asked as to what
steps are required to increase the police
force, as the Chief reported that a^bal
ance of $11,000 was on hand, due to recent
vacancies in his department. ,
Police Officer J. J, McLaughlin was dis
missed from the force for being intoxi
cated while on duty, and Officer Lawrence
J. Dealy was fined $10 for being late at
rollcall. The case of Lieutenant Birdsall,
who is accused of having assaulted a law
yer named Knap, went over for another
week. ¦ '
Lacy Claims He Ib Elected.
The contested election case of Eugene
F. Lacy versus Charles R. Franklin was
on trial before Justice of the Peace Dunn
yesterday. The offlciai returns gave Lacy
1054 and Franklin 1071 for Assemblyman
In the Twenty-eighth District. George J
Dougherty testified that he had taken a
snap tally during the Daingerfleld-Gra
nam recount showing that 5 Franklin had
received 1069 votes and Lacy 1071 Further
testimony was taken, allof which will be
forwarded to the Legislature.
A Xarge Theater Party
.Professor Charles F. Graeber, the musi
cal instructor, has extended Invitations to
100 of his students to occupy, the boxes of
the. Central Theater this evening. . It will
undoubtedly be one of the largest theater
parties of the season.
A regular meeting of the Police Com
missioners was held last evening at the
Hall of Justice, Commissioners Wallace
and Mahoney being present and Commis
sioner J. R. Howell also attending .the
meeting. Commissioner Howell took his
seat after presenting his commission from
the Mayor as the successor of Dr. ilc-
Nutt. Commissioner Newhail was absent,
and on motion of Commissioner Wallace
Mr. Newhail was re-elected as president
of the board. ' .
A large number of persons thronged the
hall outside of the room where the Com
missioners were In session and later j on
came before the board to apply for new
liquor licenses or for renewals and trans
fers. Considerable hilarity was caused
when Henry M, Cannon, the "fat man,"
was called, into the -room to tell as to his
application for a saloon license at 112
Geary street. On the motion ' of Judge
Wallace the license was granted.
Herbert Kripp of Sacramento applied
for a license for C4 Ellis street; the saloon
formerly run by Harry Corbett, brother
of the pugilist, Kripp's request went over
for two weeks. Mrs. Margaret Howe
wanted the board to grant -her a license
for a saloon at the corner of Stanyan and
Fell streets, and that her husband be not
granted a renewal of the /permit to sell
liquor. Mrs. Howe explained that her
husband was constantly drunk, and Howe,
who also addressed the board, gave such
evidence of being Intoxicated that he was
warned by the Commissioners to go home
and behave himself. The request of Mrs.
Howe went over for a week. ¦'.-., .y.
I A large number of new applications for
saloon licenses were refused by the board,'
as the proposed locations of the saloons
were already well supplied with facilities
for the consumption of liquor. A few
transfers and renewals of licenses were
granted. T. Ferguson was given an ex
tension of three months on the license for
PION-EER HALL WAS THRONGED ALL DAT YESTERDAY AND LATE INTO THE NIGHT BY LABOR DELE
GATES ASSEMBLED TO ORGANIZE A STATE FEDERATION. STIRRING SPEECHES WERE MADE AND
SOME SPIRITED VOTING WAS INDULGED IN.
Euccuznbs to an Attack of Pneumonia
FATHKrt OF BEGISTBAB
WAIiSH PASSES AWAY
at th.e Age of Eev-
enty.
John Walsh, for almost fifty years a
resident of this city, died yesterday after
noon at his home, 233 Pierce street. He
•was 70 years of age, and until taken sick
three weeks ago had never known a day's
Illness. Pneumonia was the cause of his
death. Thomas J. Walsh, Registrar of
this city, Is his eldest son.
The deceased was a native of Cork. Ire
land, and caxae to this country at an
early age. He is survived by- a wife and
m\x children. The funeral will take place
Thursday at 8 a. in. from Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated. His remains will be interred
la Holy Cross Cemetery.
Attorney Sbirran Discharged.
The charge of murder against Edward
6hlrran, the young- attorney. In connec
tion with tb* death of H. Benjamin the
old auctioneer, was dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, as no motive had
been shown and the defendant had not
anticipated the consequences of his act.
"There is no question." said the Judged
"that some person Insulted the defend
ant's wife, and believing it he resented It
by Inflicting, as he thought, physical pun
ishment. 1 would assume under the cir
cumstances that he was not only morally
but legally Justified In inflicting punish
ment on a man who insulted his wife."
cm^IH; California State Labor Feder
|| ation delegates, now holding a
I convention in Pioneer Hall, went
II to work with energy yesterday.
The members were called to order
at 9 a. m. b>; Chairman R. L. TViser and
business was transacted until a late hour
last night, short recesses only being taken
at the lunch and dinner hours.
During the morning session the chief
topics discussed were the methods em
ployed by the Government under the
merit system for the mechanics at Mar*
Island, and the ferry-boat company's high
rate of transportation for workmen from
Vallejo to the navy yard. The exclusion
of the Asiatic race was also discussed at
length.
While the members were answering the
rollcall in the afternoon the name of
James Bowlan was called. He stood up
and requested to be allowed tho floor for
a moment. He stated that the Hackmen's
Union was in a very prosperous condition,
and was even In a position "to tie up the
dead." He explained later that a uniform
rate would be charged for hacks making
the trip to the cemeteries.
Later Bowlan Introduced a resolution
asking Congress to pass a law providing
that all persons employed In the construc
tion of warships shall be American citi
zens. His resolution was laid on the
table. He will bring- up the matter again
at 10 o'clock this morning.
The resolution committee at the morn
ing session submitted a partial report as
follows:
Resolved, That the convention Instruct its
secretary to forward a telegram to Hon. George
C. Perkins and Hon. Thomas F. Bard, United
States Senators from California, requesting
them to use their utmoiit endeavors to sacur*
the paisace of the following bills, to wit:
"Xos. £46'i and 6SS2," tHe same belne In th«
Interest of labor of these United States of
America.
Resolved. That a te!e»ram be sent to Con
gressman Kahn urging him to ut>e his efforts
and to arse other Congressmen to vote for tho
exclusion act.
Resolved, That the Board of Harbor Com
missioners be petitioned to enforce the State
law, that all work performed on accepted
streets be by union labor at eight hours and
day waees, according- to statute provisions.
Resolved, That we Indorse the Retail Clerks"
early closing movement and tender them our
support in using all honorable and fair methods
to secure shorter hours.
Resolved. That we take steps to encourage
the use of the international label of the Jour
neymen Bakers and Confectioners throughout
California.
Resolved, That we hereby urge upon the
"WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 8.— David Na
tion, husband of Mrs. Carrie Nation, who
sought to demolish a saloon in this city
with rocks in the interest of temperance,
announced to-night that he will ask the
Supreme Court of the State to release his
•wife from the quarantined Jail of Sedg
wlck County on a writ of habeas corpus.
To-day he sought to get the writ from
Judge Dale of the District Court, alleging
in substance that the smallpox quarantine
was placed on the County Jail to prevent
the liberty of his wife on bail. Judge
Dale told him that he was "wasting his
breath" and informed him that he would
not hear the matter, but at the same time
stating that he had his permlslson to take
it to any other court he desired. Mr.
Nation then prepared his papers for the
Kansas Court of Appeals, but curiously
enough when he reached there, 100 feet
distant, that court Informed him that It
had only one hour's statutory existence.
and would not complicate affairs: by
legally dying during the hearing. It was
then that Mr. Nation announced his In
tention of taking the matter to the Su
preme Court.
BEFT7SE TO HEAR MRS.
NATION'S PT.-RA FOR UBERTY
But for the charity of others the body
of Mrs. G. VS. Spooner, the child-wife who
passed away on Sunday last, would be
interred in the potter's field; but for the
sympathetic work of Mrs. T. C. Jenson
of 1028 Potrero avenue, the young woman's
remains might have been turned over to
a medical college to further the aims of
science and to satisfy the hard-hearted
and aged husband. The pathetic story of
the marriage of Corey L. Bailey of High
gate, Vt., to George W. Spooner, a man
old enough to be her grandfather; their
journey to this city, her harsh treatment
at his hands, her illness and then her
death has been told at length.
The sequel to the sad story of the un
fortunate girl remains to be told. Her
body is to be buried to-day In Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Her aged spouse will
not shed tears over the new-made grave.
His interest in the woman whom he prom
ised far back in Vermont "to love and
cherish" has passed with the old .century.
He declines to pay a cent tdward her
funeral expenses and is Indifferent
whether the body is placed in a pauper's
grave or given to medical students.
During his wife's stay In, the hospital
Spooner did not comfort her. When In
formed that the child-wife's body had
been taken to the Morgue he snowed
an indifference that was cruel in the ex
treme.
It therefore devolved on Mrs. Jenson
to have the remains of the young woman
properly Interred. She appealed to Mayor
Phelan and other charitably disposed per
sons, and through their assistance was
able to have the body removed to the un
dertaking parlors or Bunker & Lunt'at
2666 Mission street. A minister will say a
few words over the plain pine board cof
fin at the funeral services, which will be
held from the undertaking parlors at 1
o'clock to-day.
Sympathetic and Charitable Persons
Arrange for Decent Burial of
Mrs. Spooner's Body.
STBANOEBS PREPABJB TO
INTER THE CHILD-WIFE
Discuss Government Methods at ; Mare Island
and Adopt Draft of Bill Anent Union labels.
The association adopted bylawB, which
set forth that the purpose Is to promote
the livestock interests of the Padflc Coast
and adjacent States and Territories. Any
person identified with the livestock in
terests of California, Oregon, Nevada.
Washington, Idaho, Arizona and New
Mexico Is eligible to membership. San
Francisco was desig-nated as the head
quarters of the association.
The association puts Itself squerely on
re-cord in favor of the leasing of the pub
lic grazing lands by Congress. This was
effected by the adoption of resolutions In
troduced by Colonel John P. Irish, which
txe as follows :
"Resolved, By tlie Pacific Stockmen s
Association, that the interests of the pro
ducers and consumers of meat, hides and
wool will be best served by a law of Con
gress to lease the ranges on the public
domain west of the nineiy-niuth meridian,
such leasing to be optional with counties
cud to be protective to the rights of min
ers, agricultural settlers and small stock
men, a? well as large.
••Resolved. That this asociation urges
this policy upon Uie National Stock Asso
ciation and upon Congress."
To secure representation at the meet-
Ins of the National Stock Association
et Sail Lake City next week five persons
•were recommended for appointment by
the Governor, the State Board of Agri
culture and the agricultural department
of the University of California as dele
gates, three to be named by the Governor
and one each by the other appointing au
thorities, the delegate list including, as
rcccraniezLded, the follwing: F. C. Lusk,
John P. Irish. W. Mayo Newhail. Mr. Gll
christ of Oregon and Professor Hilgrard of
the University of California.
Concerning th* advisability of leasing
the ranges. Colonel Irish spoke at some
length, advocating the measure known as
xho Foster bill, now before Congress.
Miners had devised the system of claims
for miners, he said. Leave the ranges
to agriculturists and stockmen to devise
a system which shall be equitable. He
qncted statistics to show that under the
piesent methods the ranges are being
robbed of their forage and among the
consequences immediately observable
¦were the decrease in six years of the
range stock sent to the East by 60 per
cent, a large falling off in the exporta
tion of meat products of the United
States and a rise in the price of meat
consumed at home. The leasing system
was not new. It had been tried in Texas,
¦where the ranges are all controlled by the
Slate. Texas had found leasing to be a
success. During the past Eumner the
troubles on the ranges in the United
States had been more a.caite than hereto
fore. Fifteen men had been killed as the
result of clashes between the cattle and
sheep men; thousands of sheep had been
k'.Jled by being driven over cliffs. The de
vice of fencing in ranges and the acquir
ing of strings of land in actual ownership
around ranges to keep others away from
the ranges had failed. There was no way
remaining but the lease of the ranges.
Colonel Irish read the Foster bill and ex
plaJned some clauses.
Permanent organization of the Pacific
Etodknea'* Aesociatlon was effected yes
terday at a meeting held In the maple
room of the Palace Hotel. The officers of
the temporary body that came Into exist
ence last year Trere made the board for
the year ensuing. They are as follows:
F. C. Lusk, Chico. president; TT. Mayo
Xewhall, San Francisco, vice president;
T. B. Bishop, San 'Francisco, treasurer;
F. J. Sinclair, San Francisco, secretary;
Walter L. Vail of Los Angeles, John
Sparks of Reno, Her.; J. Churchill of
Yreka, G. "W*. Grayeon of Oakland, Jerry
MiUay of Phoenix, Ariz.; J. Le Roy
Nickel of San Francisco. Fred Cox of
Sacramento, Henry Miller of San Fran
cisco, F. C. Lusk of Chico, executive com
mittee.
fox Appointment to National
Stockmen's Convention. .
Permanent Organisation Is Effected
end Delegates Axe Recommended *
Ask Congress to Adopt This
Policy in the West
Immediately. .
STOCKMEN URGE
LEASE OF RANGES
Lewis Is about 63 years of age and Is
known as major. He gained some little
notoriety last May through his civil ser
vice appointment as a copyist In the Re
corder's office. He was discharged, how
ever, by Recorder Godchaux because of
incompetency, it being alleged at the time
that the high percentage attained by him
at his examination was through Influence.
Among the effects found on Lewis and
In his room were deeds to many pieces of
property about the water front and other
parts of the city. The police believe that
Lewis will have a hard time clearing him
self.
Darling's story is that he has known
Lewis for some time, ancl as a favor he
went for the deed. He claims to be inno
cent of any wrongdoing in the affair. He
was ordered detained until further inves
tigation. .
Yesterday afternoon Charles A. Darling,
an insurance solicitor, called at the Re
corder's office, and pres«nting a receipt
asked tor tho deed. He was arrested, and
when questioned told thaz he was acting
for Edwin Lewis. Soon after the police
located Lewis and brought him before
Captain Seymour. Ho claimed that the
transaction was legitimate and that he
could produce other deeds to prove it. He
was locked up in the CJty Prison atvalting
the return of Attorney Eisner, when
charges will be preferred against him.
On December 31 last a deed for a parcel
of land at the corner of Laurel and Jack
son streets was filed In the Recorder's of
fice at the request of Benjamin Lewla.
The document related the sale of the land
to A. A. Aaronson from Meyer Lewis, In
which name the property stood on the tax
books, though It belongs to an estate.
Milton Eisner, the attorney for the estate,
notined the police that the deed was a
forgery,, and Captain Seymour detailed
Detectives Reardon and Tom Gibson to
work on the case.
In the arrest of Edwin Lewis, an eld
erly man, well known in the city, the po
lice have laid bare what they believe to
be the plans ol a scheme which, If not
frustrated, would have clouded many
pieces of property in this city and caused
unsuspecting purchasers to give up large
sums of money for worthless deeds.
Edwin Lewis in Jail for Alleged
Fraudulent Transactions, and
Charles Barling Is Held
Pending Investigation.
Officials in Recorder's Office
Capture the Supposed
Criminal.
FILES A FORGED
DEED FOR RECORD
STATE LABOR FEDERATION
DELEGATES IN CONVENTION
Mr. Davis and family are en route to
Boston, 'where both are well connected.
On landing they drove to the Palace and
registered. Davis had seen something of
the town on the way from the ferry, but
he wanted to see more, so having en
sconced his wife safely he started out to
walk to the Cliff House. His way lay
through the barroom, however, where it
became necessary to show what a boy he
was; and now maybe -he'll see Boston be
fore Seal Rocks.
Paul A. Davis, a middle-aged railway
contractor of highly respectable appear
ance and hailing from Singapore, whence
he arrived with his wife and baby on yes
terday's Oriental steamship Gaelic, gave
an exhibition of an Cast Indian jag in ths
barroom of the Palace Hotel last night,
which though exceedingly entertaining
from a spectacular point of view was a
trifle vociferous. The echoes of the court
were awakened by the sound of Mr.
Davis' hilarity and snatches of gay song,
tropic as trie land where Mr. Davis had
learned them,* startled the august empti
ness of the grillroom and reached even to
where Night Clerk McDermott plies his
labors.
Davis was telling anybody who would
listen and a great many who didn't want
to of what kind of iigure he cut in the
Singapore landscape. Of money he had
plenty and two bartenders got paralysis
shaking mint juleps, for which kindly
concoction Davis evinced a great par
tiality. He said they were the only things
that didn't grow or couldn't be made in
Singapore— they and himself. He ex
plained he was a native of Boston. While
demonstrating how a monster steam
shovel worked Davis was asked to take
a ride In the open air. He was kept at
the Southern station till a reaction set in.
Short but Jocund Celebration by
~ "Wealthy Bostonian at the Pal
ace Ends in Prison
- - Cell.
Are New to Contractor Davis,
but He Receives Thsm
Cordially.
TAKES KINDLY
TO MINT JULEPS
*T±JLE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLJLj WEDNESDAY, JAN U Ait* y, lUOl.
8
WHITE ASH SIEAM COAL. SSFSLaS
DIAMOND COAX. MINXXQ CO., at lS Or£I«S
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the im Coal toS
market. Offlco and Yarda-ao JAato strtit.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. -J <T\
Telegraphic pAfiTDjrjQg *» C£«ornla1
: /ga&W ym > VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
4j| iflk HORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
Ma&~* in have been ln use over nity
Jw5?™*jP» years by ths leaders of ths
B6K*V — UsPfl Mormon Church and their fol-
KfJS^r&Vfltl lowers. Positively cures tfcn
BHxr^'alH worst cases ln old and young
«jL V f*9 arlslnj: from effects of s»l{-
wWjh) *£Zflf abuse, dissipation, excesses or
%m£cJ'V@SJ clfrarette-smokinff. Cure* Lo*t
\S3t%Jtv& Manhood. Impotency, Lo«t
«ft.ac*Jr Power. Nlrht Looses. . Insom*
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, : Loss of 8emen, fg» Varjcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *3 N rvous Twltchlnr
of Eyelids. Effects ZIT. J-T« are Immediate
Impart vigor and C^wts potency to everv
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organ*
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers* Moa
box: 6 for W 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with < boxes. Circular*
free." Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4OElu5
St., San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO
S3 and 10 Third it. w#
MR. R. W. TOUREX.
curlni? cases that defied hospitals, doctors,
trusses, electricity and all else. Merely send
your name and address and the free trial will
be sent without any cost to you whatever. R.
W. Yourex, a well-known commercial traveler,
was ruptured ten years ago, tried every truss
on tho market, partly made up his mind to un-
dergo the danger of an operation, when by the
greatest of good luck he tried the Dr. Rice
method. He is now cured.
Mr. Tourex says: "I tried Dr. Rice's meth-
od and it cured me. I did not lose a day on
the road. Hundreds of merchants and friends
In Illinois. Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa
know the wonderful fact. that this remarkable
method cured me and I certainly feel thankful
enough to tell other ruptured people how they
may profit by my experience." Mr. Tourex
IIvps in Cedar Rapids. Io*a, at 322% First ave.
Even" ruptured person ought to send at once
and make a trial of this method that cures
without pain, danger, operation or an hour's
loss of time. Begin now, and by spring you
will never know you had been ruptured. Writ*
to-day «ure.
< E*drtfl855Bhh < '» If Bf * 5* u . % non-potaonoT»
XOUoImP* " ''OLJjQ r « med J far Gonorrhoea.
¦AS^CCBEb^egPI Cleet. Spermatorrhoea.
gBTTi ,j in - i. ii TJl *"•««¦— unnatural au~
XttaW GsarmBUnl M charg« . or »ny ina«rnjn»-
B«i»V not «o itrutnre. tion, | ritation or nicera-
j~3?r»T5au ooaufion. tioa .f Dsoom msa-
SfTalTHsEma CHEMtCuCa. b™a<»- Non-ajtriajant.
fci£Ac!Nctmn.o.g33 ®° Id bT *>"*esi*ta,
TEflfk C.S.A. 3EBT£ r ient ln pUSn wr »PJ*r.
w^H5E5s»kJ ZLjtrxR b * «*Pr«<», prepaid, for
I 1 .' 00 ', 01 " a oottlea, J2.7S.
1 B r:. mlar was on reque**.
CAFE HAL R9SS
? 6c. Overcoats and
valises checked free
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRO.V.
J. C- WILSON & Ct\ *» Ba«ery Street
«»«V- nil^JUll tt IU-, Telephone Main 1884.
COPPERSMITH.
C W. SMITH SU P Plumbta*. steamboat and
18 Wa»hlngton «t. Telephone Main 8641. •
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS.RftYFS£fft Shipping Butchers, im
JA> DUICJgtU- ciay. Tel. Mala H»i.
' OILS. . ..
L.TTBRICATINO OTLS. LEONARD * KLUE.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO. •/'¦
E C RUSHES *„ printer.
**• V» UUHULJ. eh Sanaome mt,. S. r.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS. \
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Pint at.. San Francisco.
"Mlra Valle,", P. Klein.' Sauterne type.claret.
Grand Via. .Depot 613 Geary street. .__ •
"I had addlty and heartburn nearly
every day. and sometimes was alarmed by
Irregularity and palpitation of the heart,
but all this gradually disappeared after T
began using Stuart's I>yspepsia Tablets
and I can eat my meals with relish and
satisfaction which I had not known since
I was a gTowins boy."
The success and popularity of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets (a enormous, but It Is
deserved, and every druggist ln the United
Stares, Canada and Great Britain has a
grooa word for this meritorious prepara-
tion.
Is Often tlie Heal Cause of a Sour
Temper.
That the condition of the digestive or-
gans has a marked effect upon the char-
acter or disposition Is a truism as old as
the hills. Old Ben Johnson wisely said
"the pleasure of living depends upon tho
liver," and It is a fact wnich none may-
dispute that a sunny disposition mora
often results from a healthy digestion
than from any other cause.
Add dyspepsia, commonly called sour
stomach or heartburn, is caused by slow
digestion of food: instead of being prompt-
ly digested and converted Into blood, bona
and muscle. It lies in the stomach for
hours fermenting and decaying, creating
gases which cause pressure on the lungs
and heartrshort breath and general dis-
comfort and Irritation.
Such half digested food Is Indeed poor
nourishment for the body, brain and
nerves, and the result Is shown in Irrita-
ble tempers, unaccountable headaches and
that depressing condition usually calied
the "blues," but how quickly all these
disappear when appetite and digestion are
Laxative medicines only Irritate the al-
ready frrltated stomach and bowels and
have no effect upon actual digestion or
The sensible course to follow Is to make
use of simple, natural digestives like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after meals
until the stomach has a chance to recu-
perate. :
The natural digestives which every
healthy stomach cont?Jns ore peptor.es.
diastase and hydrochloric and lactic acius.
and when any of them are lacking tne
trouble begins. The reason Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are so valuable and suc-
cessful in curing stomach troubles Is be-
cause they contain, ln a pleasant, concen-
trated tablet form, all these absolutely-
necessary essentials for perfect digestion
and assimilation of food.
Henry Kirkpatrick of Lawrence, Mass..
says: "Men and women whose occupation
precludes an active outdoor Ufa should
make it a daily practice to use Stuart's
r>jspepsia Tablets after meals. I have
done so myself and I know positively that
I owe my present health and vigor to
their daily use.
"From the time I was 22. when I gradu-
ated from school with broken health from
overwork, until I was 34, I scarcely knew
what it was to b* free from stomach
weakness. I had no appetite whatever
for breakfast and very little for any other
meal.
A SOUR STOMACH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. "W. S. Rice. 418 W. Main «treet, Adams,
N. Y., will send free to any one who Is rup-
tured or knows of any person ruptured, wheth-
er a man, woman or child, a free trial of his
famous home cure. It Is a marvelous method.
Sends & Trial of His Famous Method
Free to All.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rico, tha Wcll-Known Authority,
fl» CHICMESTCR'8 CRQUSM
Penhyroyal pills
jSk S^wffi l£i W "* I* 1 *"- Take a » .tier. Bcflua
I 5i f » rSTW*!; J?*Wm% Teeth.*?*!,
A Vy „ *¦"• Mall. J o,o<JO TmliMoUli. giMW
Start I
to use . H
"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for a
Shortening, Frying and p|
General Cooking, B
and you will keep it up. ||
Absolutely free from Animal ft
Matter. H
Never Gsts Rancid. H
Crullers have the old-fash* Eg
loned taste when "KO-NUT" |
I is used to shorten and try. **
Ask Yonr Grocer or Write. 9
India Refining: Co., u
Philadelphia. |
TiR PIFRrP'^l FnHY-RATYFPY
Ti8 s.Jj&IL Makes
New /^^^T^wip 2 *
Sra. ipk/\ %^® st «
UilU. O*^- W \\hm i.wxl*ra ap-
By means of 5*\tA«*w«5&'S sllanc«r It
Dr. Pierce'* grPf^fr flUs ***
Bdt and At- jferTJLgjm. witix ele drlc-
tacbments a ¦4ffijraKap«» lty, thn« glv-
powerful cur- j&^X&ftraBa *° Jfatura's
rent of elec- JK8®5§HS«5 w *rtoth and
trtdtrmaybe fvS&a&S&jiS "trenrtlitoaU
conveyed to PMSKftwgH wli; > use tt.
anj- part of I iraSTrTlEi Sp^dUy cures
the body of I jtW I nfl
tho wearer, I (if \ \M and Is aa good
from bead to if 'II \ H (or women
Coot, thereby IX 14 \ 4 aa for men.
Imparting I'/f I *Vi Prices r«a-
vlm and vigor If I j) soo&ble. y 0
to ail weak' \ *A |a''Trj»" or
parts and if \ 4 "Hal£ Price"
drlvlny awa-rC**./! J ¦£¦* offers made
a e b • ¦ and "•— "*5&GL. te> * e!1 ' *
paliw os If Tit* fi^LT. If
by magic. I *X\ Ton want the
C7Our new "Book- y— *v BEST, you
let No. V elves, full In- must h a ve
formation. Fre* at o£- "Dr. Piercers."
flo« or mailed to any addrasa- for a 3-cent
Btamp. Call or address PIERCE ELJ3C-
TRIC CO., 1145 Broadway (above 2fith at.).
*»•*• York. Padflc Coa*t office. fc» lla.e-
kat it. (opposite Palac« Hotel). San Fran-
cis COw
When writing, kindly mention tM* paper.
l|&iS^?' "SAM E S HAftT ' V^SfaHKE|
ShSt t wo Qualities
." The Best Selling Book in America
1 By IRVING BACHELLER
200th THOUSAND
"The marvelous success of 'Eben Holden' U as much a
compliment to the great American public as to the author.
.... 'Eben Holden' is a true book; it is-pre-eminently a
I story of Americans for Americans. We have long heard
calls for what should be the great American novel; here we
have the nearest approach to it In American literature we
hafe now a perfect representation of a typical American char-
acter." — Philadelphia Telegraph.
Over 100,000 Copies
I2mo, Gold Lettered on Red Cloth, Gilt Top, $1.50*.
At AH Bookstores.
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.A bill will be Introduced .in the Legis-,
lature which Is intendcu to facilitate and
increase the collection of State, county
and municipal UceUfesJ The bill provides
that the power 1 to collect licenses shall
vest with the Tax Collector and his dep
uties, who shall have hoIo control of th« j
gran i ing ar.d revoking of all license*. This.'
will tak^ away the power heretofore en
joyed by v thc Police Commf?sion.
To Facilitate License Collections.
The will of Marlam ;Scbma!z, who died
December 23, was Illed for probate yes
terday. Decedent bequeaths only $50 to
her husband, William, richmalz. Btating
that Bho had already given him $20,000,
and that In return he had "grievously
abused" her. Mrs. Schmalz disposes of
her property as follows: To her brothers
Frank and David Jones, $r>000 each; to ex
jKdge Murphy, in trust for the benefit of
another brother. Robert Jones, J5000- to
Mrs. Mary Jones, Kdith Jones, Victoria
Jones. Mrs.' Victoria Jones, Frank Jones
and ex-Judge D. J.-Miuphjy gifts of jew
elry. The residue of the estate is be
queathed in equal shares to Kdith and
Victoria Jones, nieces, and Frank r>nd
Louis Jonea. nephews of the deceased
Ex-Judge Murphy is named as executor
of the will. .
Disinherits Hsr Husband.
At the Annual Banquet To-Morrow
Night It Will Be Addressed by
Noted Speakers.
The annual reunion of the Alumni As
sociation of the California Business Col
lege will be held in the college assembly
hall, Supreme Court building, to-morrow
evening. A fine lecture programme has
been arranged. After the lecture the
members of the association will sit down
to a banquet, during the course of which
they will be addressed by David Starr
Jordan. Rev. William Rader and Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger.
The affair ijs in charge of Archie Dun
can, Miss AllcH Doyle and R. I>. Durham.
ALUMNI OF BUSINESS
COLLEGE WILL GATHER
building, were filled to their capacity last
night. An entertainment of an informal
character was given to members and
friends of the organization. An illustrated
lecture by the president, J. W. Irwin, was
the substantial feature of the evening's
pleasure. The lecturer took his audience
on a trip through England by means of
several splendid reproductions of pictur
esque scenery. His remarks were followed
with much interest and the glides elicited
warm applause. G. G. McFarlane, was
the man behind the -lantern and H. Owen
acted as announcer. Little Cicely Bowers
sang and played "during the intervals of
the lecture and dellghtea her hearers with
her versatility.
CATVTF.RA CLUB ATTENDS
ILLUSTRATED LECTURE
Members Heproduce Rural and Urban
Scenes in England With Lan
tern Slides. »'
The cozy clubrooms of the California
Camera Club, in the Academy of Sciences
Attorney Stephen J. . Costello Brings
Suit for Alleged Unfair Treat
ment of Young Nurse.
Miss Mazie Hanavan, a young nurse,
who was discharged from, the French
Hospital, will to-day, through her attor
ney, Stephen J. Costello. bring suit
against that institution. Miss Hanavan
claims she was persistently denied the
right to take the prescribed examinations
to fit her for receiving a diploma. The
young lady spent twenty-three months of
the regulation twenty-four in the hospital
training school and by hospital rules she
is prepared to receive a diploma.
It Is expected that when the papers are
Wed there will be many charges of a sen
sational nature concerning the workings
of the Malson de Sante. Chief Surgeon
Talt will, it is claimed, cut a prominent
figure in the papers which Costello will
file. Miss Hanavan : declares she will
fight the case to the end.
SERIOUS CHARGES MADE
AQAINST A HOSPITAL
* FTER chasing a truant husband
>\ for seven years, tracking him
jr J — -\ from her home Irs a far-off, ob
.a. _X mean little Russian-Poland town
to New York, following him from
The Empire City to Houston. Tex., and
then from Texae here, Mrs. Rebecca
FTCir.berg brought her long chase to an
end > morning, •when she swore
r :t a warrant before Judge Mogan
< harging her recreant spouse with deser
tion. Mrs. Steinberg arrived in town Mon
cay evening, hot on the trail of the faith
|«n man who deserted her three months
eftcr their marriage. Kind people to
whom she brought letters of introduction
took her in and promisejl to care for her
curing her stay In this city.
The story of the young PoIIem woman's
«~hase is a pitiful tale of a noble woman's
facriSce for her child and her grinj deter
minatfon to make the father of that child
provide for it.
"I wcls married to Eamuel Steinberg in
Namsea. Russian Porand. in 1S51," paid
t)i»» deserted wife. "1 was a poor pirl. 37
j ears old, arid iss Stelct^erg had a splendid
<;o\"erainerit position ray tiarents rv»-
piiaded me to marry him. I was hardly
married a w<M-k." CO&unned kUS. bte»u
l^rp, "when my husband began to mglect
me. He would remain away from home,
find come home in the early morning
hoars after having spent the night in
pnmblsng. Finally he came to me and
raid it was imperative that he leave our
r.ative land — that he had spent all his
money and that he would go to New York
tn begin life all over again. I begged him
not to go. but he insisted, end I gave him
\\-\p few jewel? I had that he might raise
some money. When the day for his de
parture came 1 put him up a Innch and
r<~>de with him forty mil^s to the point
wticie he took the train. There he kissed
rnr> pood-hy and promised to send for me
An interesting engagement just an*
nounced is that of Miss Edna Boyd Van
Wyck and Arthur B. Canadian. The
fair bride to he is tlie daughter of II. L»
Van Wyck. and the fortunate man Is the
*»on of the late millionaire, Daniel Cal
laphan. . ,
Miss Van Wyck -is only 13 years old
and ha? but recently returned fiom ft two
years 1 Kuropean trip. As Mr. Canadian's
business Interests demand that he spend
the greater- part of his time in Denver;
it Is probable that the young couple will
make tlH-ir future home Jn that city.
No date for the wedding has ye't been
*et. Mrs. Van Wyck has sent out car:ls
for the third and fourth Fridays in Janu
ary at her home, LM2I Stclncr street,
wher* the, friends of the fair fiancee may
congratulate her and also bid her family
welcome home.
Although the wedding is to be a very
simple one, still the home 1s to be elabo
rately decorated and the happy young
couple will pledge their troth standing in
a bower of American beauty roses.
On Thursday Mr. Griffln and his bride
will leave for New York, where they will
spend a month. On their return they will
take up their residence at the Follis
home.
The bride wiil wear a white satin tjown
elaborately trimmed wirh Valenciennes
lace, A long tulle veil and wreath of
orange blossoms will complete the cos
tume.
At noon to-day Miss Lillian Mary Follls
will become the wife of Frank W. Grlffln.
The wedding will be solemnized by the
Rev. Father McQualde at the Follls resi
dence on Washington and Buchanan
'streets.
It is to be a very quiet wedding:, and
only the family and a few Intimate
friends are to be present. The bride will
be unattended, and her brother, Clarence
Foili?, will give her into the keeping of
the groom. Maurice Griffin, brother cf
the groom, is to be best man.
to Be Celebrated
WEDDING AND
A BETROTHAL
a
Griffin-Follis Nuptials Are
The child for whom Mrs. Steinberg de
mands support is a little girl Etta, eight
ye*rs old. who is living in Xamsea with
her maternal grandmother. When Etta
was a year and a half old her mother
decided to start on a quest for the man
who deserted them, and left for New
York. The next day after her arrival in
the big American city Rebecca Steinberg
went out In search of work. The first
place she strucK was a large tailoring
establishment, and there they put her to
work sewing on buttons. For six years,
day in and day out. the Polish woman
remained in that same factory, always
sewing on buttons. Her earnings ranged
from $3 to $6 p*>r week. Out of this money
she paid out $3 a month for a room, sent
10 rubles ($5 50> per month to her mother
in Poland for tho support of her child and
saved sufficient to go to Texas, where she
had heard nor husband was.
"It was hard work saving eo much out
of eo little," Mrs. Steinberg explained.
"I ate only one meal a day usually bread
j and butter and coffee. Soon I learned not
; to require much food. I rarely ate meat,
! perhaps once a month, and never any
j thins: in the middle of the day. Finally
I I sot enough money to go to Texas, but
I when I got there I found my husband had '
come to San Francisco. The people for '¦
! whom he worked in Texas, however, were .
I extremely good to me and helped me to
I get to this city. Trie lady with whom I
| am stopping now is a sister of the kind-
I hearted stranger in Texas, and she has
! promised that she will keep me with, her
\ during my stay here."
Mrs. Steinberg is 27 years old. After she
has compelled her husband to provio for
their child, she says she Is going back
as-ain to the New York workshop. "I
should lik»» to stay here in this kind,
j warm city." she ?aid, "but I do not know
j how to do anything but sew on buttons,
I and my friends have already told me
I there is no caJl for such work here."
1 Sinew his- arrival in this city Steinberg
: has done service with the volunteers in i
' Manila. His occupation here is that of a
. fruit peddler.
as soon as he was able. I never heard
from him from that day to this. I do not
love him any more." said Mrs. Steinberg
in conclusion. "How can I? I do not want
him to come back to me. I only want him
to support our child."
MRS. REBECCA STEINBERG, WHO HAS PURSUED HER HUSBAND
HALF WAT AROUND THE WORLD IX ORDER TO FORCE HIM TO
SUPPORT THEIR CHILD.
At Its Annual Meeting Society De
cides to Send Telegraphic Com
munication to President
The California Society of the Sons of
American Revolution held its annual
meeting at the Occidental Hotel last even
ing. William M. Bunker, the retiring
president, was presented with a handsome
badge, the presentation speech being made
by Colonel J. C. Currier. Mr. Bunker en
tertained the membrs for an hour by re
lating some of his experiences and de
scribing scenes that marked his recent
journey abroad.
The secretary reported a total member
ship of 326, the rolls having been increased
by the addition of twenty-six members
during the year. There were eleven
deaths in the society. It was voted to
postpone the annual banquet (j£ the so
ciety, which is generally given In April,
until May. when it Is hoped to have Presi
dent McKinley for their guest. A tele
gram inviting him. to set aside one day for
me society's hospitality will be sent to
Washington to-day. The following offi
cers were elected:
President. W. H. Jordan; senior vice
f>resident, G. W. Spencer; Junior vice pres
dent, W. J. Dutton; secretary, Kdwin
Bonnell; registrar, A. S. Hubbard; treas
urer, C. H. Warner; marshal, Byron
Mauzy; board of managers— W. M. Bun
ker J. W. Farrlngton. A. G. Eells. W.
Bverson, G. II. Gray and R. Vandercook.
INVITATION TO McKINLEY
FROM REVOLUTION'S SONS
The defense did not at th© outset deny
the actual shooting, but claimed that It
was justified, and to that end called Clin
ton as its first witness. He told the story
of the money Miss Abbott had sent him
as he told It at the preliminary examina
tion, and again declared he paid it back
to her. He was shown a bundle of let
ters, about thirty-five altogether, written
by him to the defendant, which were In
addition to those produced at the pre
liminary examination, and ho admitted
they were in his handwriting.
These letters were couched in the most
impassioned language and some were un
fit for publication. He addressed her as
'my darling-," ¦¦querida inia," "my dear
est kid" and other endearing expressions.
In one of his letters he wrote: "1 long to
feel your warm kisses on my lips and
hear your soft voice whispering in my
ears that you love me." She had written
him that she had lost $22 In Kansas City,
and he replied. "It seems funny, Angle,
that you would sooner leave your money
lying around than trust me enough to
send It to me." In one letter he spoke of
buying a saloon and sending for her, as
he wanted her badlv.
Tho witnesses examined for the prose
cution were De Witt Clinton, tho com
plaining witness. Edna Ellsmere. the
actress to whom he is engaged and who
was v.ith htm at the time of the shooting;
D >"- Charles D. McGettigan, who attended
to Clinton's wound, and Policemen Wlnz
ler and Tlllman who arrested the defend
ant. This closed the case for the prosecu
tion.
The trial of Angelina M. Abbott on the
charge pt assault to murder for shooting
De Witt Clinton, the actor, on the night
of Jur.e 14 laat O n Fourth strpet, near
Mission, was commenced before a jury
yesterday in Judge Cook's court. Assist
ant District Attorney Deuprey conducted
the prosecution, and Attorneys Eddy and
Sweeney lepresented the defendant.' Little
was brought out that has not been pub
lished.
LOVE LETTERS OF
ACTOR CLINTON
Productd at Angelina M. Ab
bott's Trial for Shoot
ing Him
a
In Some Not Previously Produced
He Speaks of Money and
Talks of Opening
Saloon.
DESERTED WIEE FOLLOWS
HUSBAND EOR SEVEN YEARS
tVorks and Endures Privations to Earn
Money for Pursuit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALE, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
pans from one of thp window. sills on the I
outuide to the one adjoining it.' In snJo
in^rhe missed his footiiflr and fell a dis
tance of thirty-seven ;]ff«t to the. ground
below. He was picked up und removed
to th« Receiving Hospital* where Dr.
6t«rr attended him for a pn**|ble frurture
at th* «kuil and alio a fracture ot the
riglit leg bftno tit the ;t;iklf. It la possi
ble that Thompson ha* been Injured in
ternally, hs In- fpll op'.h'a side, his \\<>m\
hittli:p thf? pround «| tho ramp time. Th»»
injured jnbit^r resWi*-*; Ht : Jt>2jTurk street.
' .• • . » .» ¦ . ..: . . .
Count 7 I-«itritn Club OSe«r».
At a meeting of the County Lei trim Bo-
, clal Club held recently the foUowins of
1 lu-ers* wen- elected: President. K. J.
I O'Reilly: vice president. M. J. Moran; re-
I cording secret u>. P. M. McGwshin; flnan-
T clal s«rrotary. Matt 'Rf Illy: treasurer. P.
I J. Meehan; serereant-at-armt, P. Smith;
tru*t«»~Pcter McK«cmj. WlUtam K««n,
John O. Keflly. B. KavUie tod James Mor
1 ton. .
A» *hln»-» (i ex>r6 *»€<!¦ in thie wgrW in rhln<>8
Evjn*" Al« arhm* all oth«r bevprages. BottleJ
•t brewerj" to Insure 'purity »»4 perfection. •
Walter Thomas, Janitor of : the Lowell
High School on Sutter I stre«t, j met with!
an accident yesterday afternoon that may
prove fatal. Thompson wh an^aaed on
tha third floor of th« toulldlavadjuitlxur
lomt of thM wlcdowa, Ha •nd«avor«d to
School Janitor's Mishap.
Two New Tugboats.
The Shipowners' and Merchants' Tow
boat C6rapany Is preparing to extend Its
fleet. A new boat called the Sea Prince
Is Hearing completion at the Fulton Iron
Works, and the keel of a new 'steel tue
which will be two feet longer than the
Kearleps of the Spreckels line, has been
laid. Th*» chances are that the new boat
will be called the Sea Otter, and she will
not only be fast, but the Fulton pVcmU
say she will bo one of th« hand«ome«
craft of her kind aver seen In tha bay.
9
ADVEBTISEMElfTS.
' ADVEHTISEMENTS.
V^ It is pcrforiT fifioOk, wb'ich Cft
(;-3 lard is rot. It is cleanly and fire xj
frcm disease-taint to which swine, *&
from which lard is rr.2de, are liable.
D«pfptics c*n with impunity 1
rtijoy food made with it. It poes j
f twice al far as lard or butter and is J
therefore cheaper. Wesson's Salad I
Oil is far greater v a!oe than the finest I
c'ive oil sr.d has the «ame flavor. I
Ailc your friendly grocer to «upp!y r
you with Wesson** Oils. |£
jd&*^ PAINLESS
jg^^^^S^tf^ I1T EXTRACTION
f£?^^ T -^hf?Jntf Our S5.03 Hatss
S^§^^^ MILL WALSH
iiiu* 1 " n " i.11%, GEARY STREET
I>tw«>n Hyde and Larkla.
l'olk 1125.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleet*. !
Strictures and analogous complaint*
- of the Or£an« of Generation. ¦ ,
rice f 1 a bottle. For U.U bjr druggists. |
j TO NerVOUS Women. A Few Letters from Women, j
7~ ** Deab Mrs. Pix^ham : — I cannot help but feel that it Is my duty |
"I feel as if I should fly into a thousand pieces I" "I *° do s 0111^ 11^ "» regard to recommending your wonderful medicine. |
j .,,,,,.•. [r- ~"T I m ust say it is the grandest medicine on earth, !
¦t jUSt Cant Stand it another minute ! J^^^^V^-^ and have advlsed a great many suffering with I
,-. , . , . . y£JcgSSBBMlg@5ESEi female troubles to take it. I tell people I wish I <
Do you ever make use of these expressions ? j^^^^^^O could go on the P latform and lecture on it.
' "Whv vps " vnn cnv "T'm rmrvrmc o,,^ ,i«nf M -,««. $55^ tSf "My trouble was extreme nervousness caused
J Wny, }es, yOU. Say. lm nerVOUS and Unstrung, |W^*| /^pf by painful menstruation. The suffering endured
A and I Can't lielD it " V&* *^S£I £§^fc*$ P en cannot describe. I was treated by one of our
\ -jr-K,-' v^ |^ «9 most prominent physicians here for five months i
\ Do you know what makes you SO nerVOUS ? m *\r r and found myself getting worse instead of better. ¦
• UA , , i*-»T, / At the end of the fifth month he told me he had
Oil, everything I I don't knOW and I don't Care What i&L J done allhe'could for me, and that I had better ero to I
i ... t • i t i i .. — IflH^ ~*e the hospital. Mv sister advised me to try Lydia E. \
| it IS. I wish I was dead ! " ;^^^^«?^ Pinkham's VegetabSa Compound as it had cured
3 STOP nnrl lkfrni • MntS^M?^ her of backaches. I did so and took it faithfully, f-
x. OIU1 ana listen. and am now cured of my trouble and in perfect \
\ , People do not sympathize with you," do they? They , |1 -UsTagT 1 J| 1^^^.^'.^^^^ |
j think you can help getting wrought up in this way, if you '
' -rrrili OU^,, j.^11- i tt i , ,, L , ' " Deab Mbs. Piskham t— I wish to speak a good word f or Lydia E. i
¦ Will. iney tell yOU tO 'keep COOl;" not to "lose VOUr Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. For years I had ovarian trouble and g
head," to "calm yourself;" to "avoid excitement." They' SfSdS^lidSSSEdffiSrtg^ !
j will not understand that you are sick, and that you really ££?^ £S ir^T^Tk/T^lo^p^ni S I
i "can't help it." YOU do not know yourself JUSt what the mentally, and am jrlad to add one more testimonial to the value of your !
t i. vi • ¦ tt i i . -T remedy. —MRS, M. JI. LEWIS, 2108 ValentmeAve., Tremont, New \
; trouble is. You have been to your doctor, but his medicine York, N. Y.
has had no effect. Every day you get more nervous. You (""¦J^c^pW.T' 1 ' 1 1 " Dear Mrs. Pejkdam :— Words cannot «-
! n n ol^^f v™ -A ic -iu n -i -i-i J8B&S$B&Ste£L press my gratitude to you for the good 1 have t;
; are almost beside yourself with every small responsibility m%&Wf&£$^ derived from the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's X
indnnRPPTinwWnnfAf if WB^ST^^K Ve 8 ctab!e Compound. What I have suffered X
, ana can see no w ay out or it. fef|aj lip Kince the birth of rj y babe, no one can know, i \
i Whv don't vou writo to Mrq Pintrinm t VB >•*«. bad severe pains in lower part of abdomen and |
I vvnyaoniyouwritetOMrs. nnknaml W^pl^iFW such a so «°ess in ray left side. My womb was '
| Has it occurred to you that the Dains vou have everv H» j[ n so Kwollen as to almost protrude, i tras very I
j vji_j. •* Hn^ t weak and nervous, and could hardly care for my
i month and the dragging sensation are caused by the same \ >*-¦ » / babe.\ [
| trouble that makes you nervous? \ " .^^^jL '^cSS^lSt^^ \
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham. She will wish^ha'et^ SSSfffc^Sd^MlKS; \ •
I understand your case perfectly, and will treat you with $WmmaSfB$lll °^ andllse y° ur Vegetable Compound, for I know j
S ,. - tt -i • . , ' • it will cure all suffering common to our sex."—
I kindness. Her advice is free, and the address is Lynn, jimrs.ivi.iwi.qovd j mes. m. m. boyd, La Due, aio. ;
j Mass. No woman ever regretted writing to her, and^ she "Deab Mrs. Pink^i:-! [suffered with female weakness for years, [
[ has helped thousands. Her medicine, Lydia E. Pinkham's and w , as hard ]y a^e todoanythin^ Lydia e. Pinkham's vegetable Com-
; ' j pound proved a jrreat help to me. lam now able to do a hard day's work. }
\ Vegetable Compound, is the true help for nerVOUS women. "I keep your medicine in the house all the time and recommend it ;
\ Tf Mm ,i n i nfl iu n «, •,.,•¦ ./. , „ ., to every woman I know who suffers with any female troubles. "—MRS.
I it regulates tne monthly sickness and overcomes all those , louisa betz, 147 Beech street, Pottstown, Pa. j
j uterine derangements that- excite the nerves. This is . ;Dear Wm . p^^^Tl^ttne, I have suffered with j
j the easy and the right way to get the help you need. chronic inflammation of the womb, pain in abdomen, and bearing down 1
I -r, 1 ,1 , u - V , r .feeling. Was very nervous, and so weak I 3
j Iteaa tne letters from Women she has helped. was bafdly able to do anything-. Was subject
i WIioti trm n r,l. e~ 715- t>- i i j t • j. iAW^'^^k headaches, also troubled with leucorrhoca. \
\\ lien you ask for Mrs. Pinkham's medicine at your mjP^^WL M ter ( ? octorin P for man y months with different
i druggist's, do not be persuaded to take something else said W_ J^L ¦^c^^^SSri&V^JPTthS
to be "JUSt a8 good." Nothing in the world is SO ffOOd for I Hi '^ W preat pood your Compound was doing. I decided |
¦ ' ° & vl ffl immediately to give it a trial. The result was )
j WOmen S lllS as . . Ka 4j«\ (¥ simply wonderful. After taking four bottles of I
I ¦'..*' ' :* / . _ r JL uu r ' Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and I
| ¦ "m ¦¦¦¦¦ rj^f tstb » ¦¦'¦'¦ a a '¦ ''' •'•"•'"-¦ j* ik. ~— J using three packages of Sanative Wash, I can say A
i ¦ mxBBjpmtilH&a mswB Ei Baim9s'\L.mhi£a1kuM «!& --s^^«^^^^^^v announce the fact to my fellow-sufferers that \
' — - a E* Pinkham's Vegetable remedies hare j
• W8£&$GW£§@@8© €<P$$iSW$fi!3$$liBB1§&BB .Mna henr,v -y^a — MRS; HENRY DORR, £06 Ficdley Street, |
* ¦ ';¦¦ ¦, i - . ¦- j ' *¦*—^ ~^^"^^^»qi^» | Ohio. -I
i fl^- K5SE3 i^ 6^ A0^&. if^^K !C^ S^" # Sk Owing to the fact that some skeptical people Lave from time to t!me questioned fN
>i <JK3 KmB&SK ' m M til vm M H^ Ha ET uVm r%. t_JP e genaineness of tho testimonial lettersi we ,nr» constantly publishing, we have ,*
" yk M R M HKI ra ¦ ¦ "¦¦ ¦* a *^ 1B ¦ ¦^ r deposits! with tho National City Back, of Lynn, Mass., $5,(XX>, which -will be paid J
» wv JBf \jL_"jy JSj m_ E3 to any person who can show that the above testimonials are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the- 3a
. writers 1 spocsal penniE?iou.— Lydia E. Pikkuam Mspjcine Co., Lynn, ilass. f-1WHEAT FREIGHTS— The spot market is in
active but firm; at 3Ss 9d@"408, , usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet In port has a reglo
tered tonnage of E2,118," against " 47,240 tons on
The feature of e tne : provisions market was
the demand for pork from shorts. The open
ing was easy on the heavy hog ' receipts, but
almost Immediately buying by 'a' prominent
operator sent shorts t to cover and the market
rc-eponded sharply.' On the 1 bulge . moderate
realizing took" place,' but' the' market held
Oats were fairly active but trade was large
ly local. The market was inclined to follow
wheat. May closed %c lower.
Corn remained firm during the better ' part
of the forenoon under the Influence of unset
tled weather. Later rales were a' bit freer In
sympathy with wheat's reaction from the top
Ma- closed He -lower. '¦ ¦ ¦ . .
CHICAGO, Jan. 8.— May wheat opened $@lc
higher at 78HS79C. . shorts covering In some
cases, taking a hazard' on the long side because
Liverpool showed a slight advance In the face
of the slump here yesterday. The trade was
nervous and erratic and continued so through
out the session. A reduction in outside spec
ulative interest In the market was noticeable.
On the bulge longs sold to realize profits and
May was forced back to 78c. At this point
shorts were thrown Into another- fit of hys
terics by a report that the local people had
sold twenty-flve loads for direct export. May
accordingly was bid sharply up to 79Vic.- This
afforded another opportunity, for profits to
longR. The . report of the export sales was
contradicted, however. May closed Wf?%c
higher.
accomplished by the large holders of stock was.
however, an Impressive demonstration of the
continued underlying etrength of the market.
The pressure of liquidation was at no time very
urjrrat end the bears conducts their operations
with utmoet timidity. This was shown by their
eagern»«s to rover and the frequent rallies rrom
the successive downward movement of prices.
This difpofUion on the part of the bears con
tinued until the cloEe. In fact, the last and
most notable dip in prices the bears covered
with cor-Fiderable symptoms of disorder an-1
moved prices up in a Jerky and forcible man
ner. The decreased activity of the market was
SEW TORK. Jan. 8. — The most striking
feature In to-day's stock market was the
marked falling off In the volume of trading.
Compared with yesterday** unprecedented rec
ord of over 2,000,000 chares, to-day's sales of
stocks fell back to l.EU.OOO ehares. The snap
•was clearly pone from the bull enthusiasm and
the best efforts of the bull leaders proved un
availing to lr.fluce any general or imposing ad
vance !n prices. Their endeavors to advance
prices apparently failed to attract any consid
erable following and the buying demand for
clocks ehowed material Impairment. The bear
element on the Exchange gathered their forces
for a drive against the market and worked
tome very considerable reactions and dislodged
more tr less long stock held for weak accounts
and on narrow narsins.
The equanimity with which the reaction wae
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Monte Cristo ~— «• * 15 —
Occidental of W Va — 65
Oil City Petroleum — S3 08
Petroleum Center 27 28
Reed Crude Oil Co 73 73
Fan Joaqutn O & D Co — 12 73
Sterling O & D Co 110 3 30
Twenty-Eight 2 33 S J7H
Westlake 25 28
Westshore ; 4 00 —
Yukon 50 —
PeerleM - w- SCO * —
Wolverine ••• — 190
MINING STOCKS.
The followirg were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday* ...
Morning Session.
300 Andes IS 100 Mexican ....;'"« n»
200 Belcher 13 300 Mexican ... m
300 Belcher 13 400 Mexican ... kk
300 Best & Belcher 36 EOO Occidental * * I"
700 Best A Belcher 37 1130 Ophlr """1 ol
400 Bullion 05 V<-< Ophlr .... "* 1 m
100 Challenge Con. 21 1 700 Overman . i«
«00 Chollao «t 600 PotosI .. **- S|
1 Continued on Page Thirteen >
NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— Speculation In cotton
was exceptionally dull to-day and fluctuation*
In prices were small. The opening was steady,
¦with prices one point to three points higher on
the face of weakness of the Bnglish markets.
Soon after the call additional gains were made
on a flurry of room coverings and buying orders
from Liverpool. During the rest of the day the
market was speculatlvely flat and narrow. The
close was quiet and steady, 4@7 points net
higher. ;-';-¦¦ \> . ';-v;< - :;
.j. . . ; +
New York Cotton Market.
* *
NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— FLOUR-Recelpts. 24,
378 barrels; exports, 10,701 barrels. Market
again unsettled and quiet owing to the Irregu
larity of wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 216,000 bushels; exports,
102. £37 bushels. Spot— Market steady; No. 2 red,
S2vjc; No. 3 red, SHic elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 87?&e t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, S2Hc f. o. b. afloat. Options — Opened
steady on better cables than expected, and
throughout the day were nervous and irregular,
with a general tendency on influential buying
West, rumors to buy for Wall street account
and on reports of liberal export transactions.
Near the close prices fell off suddenly under
active realizing, with the final tone easy at
We net advance. January closed Sl%c; March.
MV4c. closed S2*4c;' May, S2 13-16@S3?ic. closed
S3Hc; July. 81%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Ste«dy.
COFFEE— Futures— Closed fteady at a net
decline of 5 to 10 points. Total sales, 16.2S0
bags. Including: January, $5 73; February,
J5 k0; March, to 95; May, $6 05; June, J<1 00:
July. $6 10; August. JG 10; September. JG 10©
6 15; October, »6 20; December, $6 23. Spot— Rio.
eaey: No. 7 Invoice, 7V*c; mild, dull; Cordova,
9ViCyi3%e.
SUGAR — Raw, steady but quiet; refined,
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1O.3S0. Market unsettled*
Creamery. lW?24c; June creamery, 174c; fac
tory. ll^llUc.
EGGS— Receipts. S762 packages: weak and
lower. Western average packed, at mark, -20@
23c; Western, less off, 24e.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples ruled rather quiet but about
steady at unchanged prices. The movement
was light. State commop-were quoted at 3%©
4*;c; prime, 4%@5%c; choice. 64@6c, and fancy,
6£7c.
California dried fruits were again weak, but
Inactive.
PRUNES— Were quoted at 3%@84c per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@13c; Moorpark. 12@'14c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 64@10c.
The temperature has fallen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. At
Vutna there has been a fall of fourteen degrees.
Rain lias fallen la Arizona with enow in the
mountains. Flurries of enow occurred ca
Mount Tamalpais.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
hour from the couth Is reported at 'Wlnne
mucca. .. —
* Forecatt made at £an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 9, 1901:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, with
heavy frosts la the valleys; light northerly
winds.
Southern Califcrrla— Fair Wednesday; heayy
frosts in the interior Wednesday morning; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair 'Wednesday; continued cold
*• father.
Utah— Fair Wednesday; continued cold
weather.
Arizona — Enow in the mountains "Wednesday,
with light rain In southeastern portion; con
tinued coH weather with heavy frosts In south
ern portion Wednesday morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
pob&'biy light frosts In the morning; light west
erly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Elope. During the past twelve hours there
has been a rise of more than two-tenths of an
Inch over Northern Oregon and Washington.
Ovtr Eastern Arizona and New Mexico an area
of low pressure exists.
FORECAST.
Sacramento 0.(>0 19. 00 13.19
Kan Francisco 0.07 10.91 14.28
Fresno 0.00 6.95 6.11
Independence COS 4.95 2.09
Ean Luis Oblfpo 0.00 20.73 12.50
Los Angeles 0.00 7.fc5 4.57
Kan Diego ©.00 2.45 2.60
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 43; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Jan. S-S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cate, as collared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Eeason. Beason.
Eureka 0 00 0.00 30.32
Red I5!uff Trace 12.6S 14 63
Weather Report.
••SpeeiiU repcrts at 10 a. m. Monday gave the
following rainfall for the preceding twenty
four hours at a few stations: Santa Maria,
4 72; Arroyo Grande. 4.74; Los Ollvos. 4.C3; Los
Alamos. 4. IS; Nipomo. 4.06; Cambria. 7.26;
C&yuccs, 7.00; £aa Luis Obispo, £.08."
•'Early sown grain continues In good condi
tion. Alfalfa is making good growth. Pastur
age was somewhat injured by cold weather.
but Is abundant. Seeding Is nearly completed
in some sections and is progressing In others.
The acreage sown to grain Is much larger than
the average and prospects are good for abun
fiant crct*- Tree pruning is progressing.
"Abnormally low temperatures were general
throughout the State at the beginning of th?
week, and killing froFts occurred in nearly ail
eectiens. In son* districts the frosts slightly
damaged olives, lemons anj tender vegetation,
but on tlie whole the cold weather was re
tarded as beneficial, as it checked premature
growth of grain and fruit bads. Warmer
weather toward the close of the week was fol
lowed by unusually high winds in many places
tund heavy rainfall throughout the State. The
tip!-, winds caused but tllgbt damage to fruit
tn-es ar.d growing crops, but unroofed man>
tulldir.ps and leveled reacts; there was also
considerable damage to shipping, although
timely warnings had been riven. The «orm
ia the upper Sacramento Valley was accom
(ar.ied by unusually heavy snowfall, and there
was a good f Al cl snow la all the mountain
districts. As the storm proceeded southward it
appears that the amount of precipitation in
creased, especially in the lower coast counties,
where the rainfall Sunday night and Monday
morning wa> phenomenally heavy, amounting
In some sections to eeven Inches In twenty
four hours. Although full reports from the
southern interior have cot been received, it it
believed that section hae also received heavy
rain. All sections have been benefited by the
rain and a very i-rceperous season seems as
sured.
A. G. McASie. section director of the climate
end crop service of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following repcrt for the week ending Mon
day:
Climate and Crop Bulletin.
"Trcde is dull, -nlth little prospect of any
change earlier than next week. Currants are
quiet, but prices are firm at quotations. Cables
from Greece report some holders asking higher
rric<?fi. Dates are in fair demand. Sales of EOO
boxes Persian were reported. The California
raiEln situation shows no change. Layers are
quoted very low. some down to fl 25. Seme
loose also are reported as offered at Ue. under
Quotations, but these goods are understood to
be very poor quality. Good quality are held at
from C&fiUc- There is come demand from seed
ers for Eound stock. Evaporated apples are
very quiet, the market for prime wood dried
being about 4%24"*c. Nuts are dull."
Mall advices from New York eay
Dried Fruit in Xcw York.
Treasure Shipment.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list of
SS4.454, consisting of $15,867 In Mexican dollar',
IDST2 In gold coin. $62,000 In ellver bullion and
J27C5 In Chilean silver coin.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.'
Shares Sold — Closing Bid.
24.0f« Atchison 46
31.900 Atchison prefd 88%
49.800 Baltimore & Ohio 91V*
Canadian Pacific 91*4
1.2C0 Canada Southern .'. 57V»
6.3«> Chesapeake & Ohio 40H
2.100 Chicago Great Western 16Vj
C1.GC0 Chicago, Bur. & Quiney 143- t
700 Chicago, Indiana & Louisville 25
21,900 Chicago. Ind. & Louis, prefd 61
Chicago & East Illinois 94'4
1,000 Chicago &.. Northwestern 172»-j
70.000 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 126%
1,200 C. C. C 4 St. Louis 75>i
LCjO Colorado Southern 7»i
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
£2.100 Delaware & Hudson W'j
4.300 Del. Lack & Western 189
3.100 Denver & R G 8Ui
3,2J0 Denver & R G prefd 83'i
111.600 Erie 89 I
22.900 Erie 1st prefd 65»i
1.401 Great Northern prefd 193
1.2W Hocking Coal 16
4.000 Hocking Valley 43H
400 Illinois Central 131Vi
1.200 Iowa Central 24%
400 Iowa Central prefd 53
100 Lake Erie & Western 42<*
L E & Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 230
&O0 Louisville & Nashville 87^
44.RO0 Manhattan L 114»i
D.300 Metropolitan 166
7.000 Mexican Central 15 1 ,!
2.400 Minn & St Louis 6?>*i
1.000 Minn & St L prefd 103
80,600 Missouri Pacific 81%
200 Mobile & Ohio 44»,
3.190 Missouri. Kan & Texas 16«i
60.500 Missouri, Kan & Texas prefd 47%
34.000 New Jersey Central 116H
6,100 New York Central 143%
5.000 Norfolk & Western 43};
300 Norfolk & Western prefd &2\i
42.100 Northern Pacific K>%
4.9f.O Northern Pacific prefd 67U
72.000 Ontario & Western S3
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
23.C14 Pennsylvania 150T«
G7.960 Reading 35>4
2S.100 Reading 1st prefd S3%
• 22,100 Reading 2d prefd t 44H
Rio Grande Western fi5
Rio Grande Western prefd 93
l.OfiO St Louis A- San Fran 23
1.&00 St Louis & Sen Fran 1st prefd 80
21,100 Et Louis & Ban Fran 2d prefd 66H
20.900 St Louis Southwestern 20^
6,200 Ft Louis Southwestern prefd 47%
65,000 Ft Paul 157V*
Et Paul prefd 190i 5
St Paul & Omaha 129
25.600 Southern Pacific 42>4
25.2C0 Southern Railway 21»i
Southern Railway prefd 72U
23.500 Texas & Pacific 26T4
K.700 Union Pacific 82
2.9O0 Union Pacific prefd &3Vi
13,700 Wabash 12**.
C3.000 Wabaih prefd t 26H
4.000 Wheeling & L E 1IU
1.200 W & L E 2d prefd 23%
EOO Wisconsin Central 15ft
6.DO0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 87
18.900 'National Tube '. 634
National Tube prefd 104
Third Avenue 120
Express companies —
Adams 145
American .' 189
ICO United States 674
Wells-Fargo 134
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil 30H
1C0 American Cotton Oil prefd 90
300 American Malting , 4H
17.500 American Malting prefd 26V$
COO American Smelting & Refining C'hi
American Smelting St Refln prefd.. 964
American Spirits 1
* American Spirits prefd 17
2.200 American Steel Hoop 30
700 American Steel Hoop prefd 76%
9,000 American Steel & Wire 42^*
400 American Steel & Wire prefd 864
11.200 American Tin Plate 60S
400 American Tin Plate prefd 90
63,900 American Tobacco 113T4
American Tobacco prefd 138V»
300 Anaconda Mining Co ....! 4"4
43.800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83T»
4.200 Colorado Fuel 4 Iron 53V4
41.300 Continental Tobacco 42%
4,200 Continental Tobacco prefd M'i
14.C00 Federal Steel 644
2.100 Federal Steel prefd :. 754
C00 General Electric 1F6
1.J0O Glucose Sugar 4}
1C0 Glucose Sugar prefd •• 94
2.200 International Paper 234
2.200 International Paper prefd ~3Vi
:.. I^aclede Gas I .•-. 73
1.000 National Biscuit 1 40%
National Biscuit prefd 834
200 National Lead jru
100 National Lead prefd 90
S.sno National Steel 41
100 National Steel prefd 924
C«) New York Air Brake ir,2
1.200 North American 1974
400 Pacific Coast b&
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91V4
S.cno Pacific Coast 2d prefd ; C3V4
COO Pacific Mall 4;$
21.000 People's Gas inm
1.200 Pressed Steel Car 474
700 Prewwd Fteel Car prefd RI4
Pullman Palace Car .' isjj'
Standard Rope & Trine f.U
51,300 Sugar ........:...lSi4.
100 Sugar prefd . ....1.. ug -
15, SCO Tennessee Coal & Iron u,
45.900 United States Leather is«
1,200 United States Leather prefd 764
3.000 United State* Rubber '. 22%
2.200 United States Rubber prefd ........ 68Vi
manifest from the opening, which showed no
such congested buying with running sales of
enormous blocks at wide quotations as has been
the feature of the openings ever since New
Year's day. The realizing movement here was
taken up in London to-day, and. their opening
declines reached from 1 to 1H in a number of
internationals. Then came the invariable con
test between speculative forces in the form of
supporting orders and eharp blddlne up of
stocks newly brought forward into prominence.
Sucrar, People's Gas and Rock Island were the
principal sustaining forces at the opening. The
speculative contest was continued all dav with
varying fortunes. The greatest Irregularity and
most erratic fluctuations were among th*
grangers, coalers. Pacifies and some of the
trunk lines. These all had their early period of
strength and again were most prominent In the
late drive agalnrt the market. St. Paul rose
at ore time to 161 and fell back late in the day
to lt.CH- The declines from the highest in
other members of these groups ran from 2 to
3Vi points. The Southwestern railroad stocks
were the most consistently strong of any in
the list. The special strength in Missouri Pa
cific had a stimulating effect on the whole
group. This stock opened up a fraction and
inar.purated most of the rallies afterward dur
ing the day. It closed at 81>4, the top price,
showing a net gain of 5 points. The onls' news
to account for the rise was a published esti
mate placing the earnings of the company at
a high j*r cent of the stock. The final strong
rally of the market very materially reduced the
day's declines and lifted many stocks from 1 co
2 points above the lower level. Reading ral
li<-d 2V.. Talk of impending gold exports this
morning and some uneasiness over the unset
tled conditions of foreign markets were causes
inciting to the more cautious attitude of specu
lation. The halt in the upward course of prices
naturally induced some taking of stock 1 of the
recent rumors and ether motives for the ex
cited advances. This process of introspection
naturally had some sobering effect after the
speculative excess of the. late market.
The bond market continued Its irregular
character on a volume of business mucn less
relatively than that in stocks. Total sales (par
value) J4.3I0.OCO. United States refunding twos
advanced % per cent on the last call.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 4s:
American mixed old, 4s l%d; futures, steady:
January, 2s 11 %&; March, 3s 10%d; ' May. 3s
9%d. -£l :•/;¦.. .. -
WHEAT— Spot, strong; No. 1 California, 6s
5d; No. 2 red Western winter. 6s 2*4d; No.- 1
Northern spring. 6s 4*4d; futures, quiet; March.
6s 3V£d: May. 6s 3%d.
LONDON, Jan. i.— Consols, 97 3-16; silver/
29 7-16d; French rentes, 102f 6c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 31s 3d; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 8.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, - 6s 6V&d; wheat In Paris,
dull; flour In .Parts, dull; French country mar
kets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 6%d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
--',-: OREGON. ; 7.ii\
PORTLAND, Jan. 8.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
t6@o6Hc.
' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 8.— Wheat— Firm and in bet
ter demand and %@lc higher. Bluestem, 69c;
club. We.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 8.—Clearings, J49O.S01; bal
ances, $4J,207.>- 1 '.>'< ">:~
Portland's Business.
BOSTON, Jan. 8.— There was a quiet wool
market this week, but the outlook is fairly
favorable for a good business as soon as man
ufacturers beeln to need the wool. Buyers ara
keeping within close touch of the market all
of the time and bids of naif a cent under the
prices of some fair-sized lines have been re
fused by dealers. Quotations:
Territory, Montana and Wyoming, fine me
dium and fine 16S'17c; scoured, 4C@4Sc; staple,
49@50c.
Utah fine medium and fine, 16817c; scoured,
46048c; staple, 49®50c.
Idaho fine medium and fine, 15® 16c; scoured,
4G@48e; staple, 43S50C.
Australian, scoured basis, epot prices. comb-
Ing superfine, 73<S75c; good, 67@70c; average, Cl
®«7c. . •
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 8.— Trading in the metal
market to-day was along conservative lines
and confined chiefly to immediate wants of con
sumers. The only variation In the general list
was shown in the tin prices, falling off about
15)Q30 points, as a result of large arrivals and
sympathy with weakness abroad. The close
here wan easy in tone at $26 70<Jf26 S7V4- At Lon
don spot tin was 7s 6d lower at £120 10s, closing
weak at the decline. The rest of the list was
without change as to price or feature. Copper,
dull at $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62*i for
casting and electrolytic, while at London an
easier market prevailed, closing easy at £72 8s
9d. Lead and spelter both ruled dull and fea
tureless. English Iron markets were a shade
firmer, owing to an Increased Inquiry, and closed
at 57s at Glasgow and 49'-4s at Mlddlesboro,
while domestic iron markets were entirely des
titute of new feature and without quotable
change. .
New York Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts, 1200; market steady to low
er. Light packers, $5 07*4@5 12*4: mixed, |5 10
@5 15: heavy, $5 10® 5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market steady.
DENVER. Jan. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 600;
market steady; beef steers, $3 5(KJ5 £0; cows, $3
@4; feeders, freight paid to river, (3 2504 40;
stockers, do.. .$3 50<g4 CO; bulls, stags, etc., $2@>
$3.
HD/nver Livestock [Market.
HOGS— Receipts, 23,000; market 5®10c lower.
Bulk of sales, $5 02*4@5 0"i±: heavy, J5 05@5 15;
packers, $5®5 15; mixed. to@o 12>4: light. H 95®
5 10; yorkers, $3@5 10; pigs, $4 25^5.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000; steady. Lambs, |3@
5 50; muttons, |2©4 25.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. S.-CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; lower. Native steers, ?4@6 25; Texas
steers, $3 80@4 20; . Texas cows, $2 40®3 30; na
tive cows and heifers, $1 SO04 40; stockers and
feeders, »2 50@4 50; bulls, Jl 50@l 75.
CALVES— Receipts, 700. Steady to 10c lower.
Sales, $4 25@5 30.
Kansas Livestock Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5200. Five and 10c lower.
Fed muttons, J3 90®4 40: Westerns, $3 S3@4 10;
common and stock sheep, $3 60@3 S3; lambs,
14 2S<05 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 10.500. Ten lower; closed
firm. Heavy, $5 03@5 10; mixed, $5 03®5 07H;
light. $3<S5 07%; pigs, $4@4 60; bulk of sales,
$5 Ooifi-5 07'.*.
OMAHA, Jan. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3600;
steady. Native beef steers, $lf5 25; Western
steers, $3 75©4 40; Texas steers. $3@3 75; cows
and heifers, tZZH 10: canners, $4(S6 25; bulls,
stags, etc.. $2 25@4 40. ,
Omaha Livestock Market.
HOGS-Receipts to-day, 43.000; to-morrow,
40,000; left over, 2000; market mostly 10c lower,
closlne- steady. Top. $4 30; mixed and butch
ers', $5<g<5 30; good to choice heavy, J5 1005 30;
rough heavy. $4 95@5 05; light. $3@5 25; bulk of
sales, $5 15@3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000. Sheep, steady to
strong: lambs, slow. Good to choice wethers,
t3 75@4 75; fair to choice mixed. $3 40ff3 SO;
Western sheep, S3 75@4 65; Texas sheep, $2 50®
3 60; native lambs, $4 80@5 30; Western lambs,
Jjigo 75. *
CHICAGO. Jan. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6S0O
head, including 1200 head of Texans. Choice
steers, steady; others, weak. Butchers' stock
and Texans, 10c lower. Good to prime steers,
$5 20@6 10; poor to medium, |3 65@5 15; stock
ers and feeders, firm, $2 75@4 40; cows, %i 60®
4 10; heifers, $2 65@3 25; bulls. $2 75@4 30;
calves. *i<36 25; Texas fed steers, *4@4 80;
Texas grass steers. $3 25@4; Texas bulls, $2 CO
<3 3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2% 6 3U
Closing 6 314 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— . Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 1950 20 70
Closing 1355 20 75
Flour—
Opening ,\... «; 25 26 65
CioMng 25 35 26 60
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. 15@23c; dairies.
3t@20c- Cheese, quiet, 10*4@ll%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh, 20c.
«- ZZZZZ ; — »
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ' 44,000 4r;000
Wheat, bushels ....; 121,000 44,000
Corn, bushels.. 4S9.OOO 1S7.000
Oats, bushels 494.000 246,000
Rye, bushels G.OOO
Barley, bushels 126,000 8,000
dividend of SOc per share on the ™™£" <J<
Fhares Issued, payable immediately. This la
the fourth dividend.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 8—8 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask I Sid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 114* 115 ' la do cp (new).137%133%
4a do reg.. ....114 11» !3s do coup 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCoSs.104% - Oak "Water 5s.. - 10J»
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 - Oceanic S3 5S.108H109
C C Water 5s.. 106% - Om C Ry «s ; - -13 -
Ed L & P 6s. .131 135 Pac Gimp 4S.10O —
F & Cl Ry 6s.U4% — P & cl^y *» 105 ~"
Geary-st n 6b.. — — P&ORR «». — —
H C & S 5fts. — — Powell-st R 6s.US —
Do 5s ....'.. 103H- Sac E GAR 6s. 98H100
L A Ry 5a. ...111V4U3 S F & SJV 53.119% —
L A Lt Co «s. - — S R of Cal «s. — 11$
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P R of AJSs.llOH —
Do 5s — — BPC6SU906).
L A P R R Bs.100 — Series A ....109*4 —
Market-st 6s.. .128 — Do (Series B)110V» —
Do 1st M 59.121% - Do (1906> ...112 112%
N C N O R 7s. — 112 Do (1902) •••120*4 —
N R of Cal «s. — 114 8 P R 1st * 5».107 108%.
Do 5a 119VJ — 8 P B R C Bs.131 —
N P C R R ls.101% — S V Water 6s.. 114% —
Do 53 105% - Do 4s 103 —
IC Cal Ry 5S..U0U — Do 3d mtge.l0lT41«H
O G L & H 6s. — 111% Stktn Gas 6a.. 103 104
Oak Tran 6s.. — 117%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 — fSprtngr Valley*. 93% 94
Marln County. 51% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L A P Co — W Pac L CTo..^.. 43H —
Eqult O T. Co. 2*i 3 Sac B GAR Co — 40
Mutual El Co. 8 8HSFG4 E-... 44^ 44S
O O L & H.... 43% 50 San Francisco. i\* *J%
Pac Gas Imp. — — Stktn O & E.. — 1*
INSURANCE STOCKS.
1*1 real's Fund.22S 235 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 7« — Lon P & A.~.l« —
Dank of Cal.. - 412 Merchants' Ex W —
Cal S D & T..104 — S F Nat Bank.120 —
First Nation!. 310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger B & I*.... —I860 Sav & I. 8«... — —
Hum 8 & L.. - - Sec Bar Bk...273 —
Mut Sav Bk... 60 — Union T Co... — —
6 F Sav U....B0O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California. ....131 — [OS £ * H.... 40 — ¦
Geary-st 45 - Presidio - 1» n
Maxket-at 63 63*41
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 Vlgortt . 1 *tt
Giant C&n. Co. 83% —
BUOAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. «*4 7 ' Kllauea S Co.. J0»4 a
Haw C & S Co - 90 Makawell S Co 40% 41
Honokaa S Co 81 - Onomea SjX » 28)*
Hutch S P Co. 3S»* 25% Paauhau S Co SlH 31*
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24«i — Oceanic S Co.. — 103
Cal Fruit Asn.lO3hlM Pac A F A.... | -
Cal Win* Asn.lCO - Pac Bor Co.... 153 134
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co.. 12^4 —
Morning Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Association 124 73
23 Mutual Electric Light JiU,.
20 Spring Valley Water ...93 6.',
S2.0M) Spring Valley 43 Cd mortgage).. 103 50
Street — '' .
EO Oakland Gas ~ 2?»
X30.000 S. F & S. J. V. Bonds 125 t-
Afternoon Session.
Board— 11
100 Contra Costa Water 70 23
100 Equitable Gas * *< l i
60 Hutchinson S. P. Co 35 75
25 Makawell « 00
tl.COO Market-street R. R. Con. 5s 122 00
10 S F. Gas & Electric Co 44 62*j
25 Spring Valley Water »3 62',
Street— " „„
15 Honokaa S. Co tl 00
$11,000 Oceanic S. S. Bonds 103 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
400 California-Standard 3$
BOO Caribou *>
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kera River 43
300 Home Oil » 83
100 Independence • 22
600 Lion Oil Co 1*
2600 Lion Oil Co 17
200 Monarch of Arizona 63
COO. Monte Cristo — J 06
50 Peerless 8 50
100 Petroleum Center 29
400 Petroleum Center 2S
300 Queen Esther 60
10CO Reed Crude Oil Co 70
200 Reed Cruda Oil Co 71
3300 Reed Crude Oil Co — 72
20CO Reed Crude Oil Co ~ 73
3600 Reed Crude Oil Co 74
6700 Reed Crude Oil Co 75
JOOrt Reed Crue OH Co (B SO) 78
1O0O Reed Crude Oil Co (B 30) 77
50 San Joaquln Oil Sc IVv 13 73
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 eo
2> Sterling O & D Co 8 10
100 Sterling; O & D Co S 12%\
100 West Shore 4 00
20 West Shore S 90
.500 Wolverine- 1 52H
200 Yukon S3
Street—
TXQ Lion Oil Co 13
loon Lion Oil Co - IS
3 Hanford -..13 W
Afternoon Session.
Board—
£00 California-Standard » ST
300 California-Standard , 34
100 Caribou 69
700 Caribou 6">
200 Four Oil Co 63
100 Four Oil Co 67
tOO Hanford-Fresno-Kera River 48
50 Home Oil S 85
60 Home Oil > 90
1000 Independence 23
100 Junction .« (4
60 Kern Oil Co Jl 00
600 Lion Oil Co IS
110 McKlttrick Consolidated 20
200 McKlttrick Consolidated 25
400 Monarch of Arizona (B 60) 6?
600 Monarch of Arizona 63
IS Oil City Petroleum SS CO
100 Peerless S 50
COO Petroleum Center 29
4700 Petroleum Center ZS
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 76
25M Reed Crude Oil Co 75
600 Reed Crude Oil Co 74
300 Reed Crude Oil Co 73
10 Ban Joaquln Oil & Dev 13 00
10 San Joaquin Oil A Dev 13 75
100 Twenty-Eight 8 35
500 Wolverine 1 53
350 Wolverine 1 60
200 Wolverine 1 80
200 Wolverine 135
Street—
60 Kern River , la W
6 Hanford 120 00
1C0 Home Oil 3 90
60 Twenty-Eight 2 35
600 Monarch of Arizona 67
200 Monarch of Arizona (3
1000 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 8—2:30 p> m.
STOCKS. Bid. I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 21 —
Buckhom — 8 23
Burlington - 13 20
California-Standard 38 27
Caribou 6S «0
Four Oil Co 56 S3
Hanford — 124 CO
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.... 43 47
Home Oil 3*0 X 95
Independence , — Z2
Kern Oil Co 10 73 —
Lion Oil Co 17 13
McKlttrick Consolidated 23 —
Monarch of Arizona — • — •?
Junction 63 64
Silver higher. Exchange undisturbed.
Shipment of $84,454 to China.
Large business on the Oil Exchange.
Local siocks and bonds dull and featureless.
Wheat unsettled, zvith lower futures. Freights firm.
Barley quieter. Oats firm and active.
Corn and Rye unchanged and very dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs as previously quoted.
Pink Beans continue to advance. Some changes in Seeds.
Onions firjn. Sweet Potatoes weak. Vegetables slow.
Butter lozver. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry very strong at good prices. Game cheap and dull.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes quiet. Choice Apples firm.
Talk of taking the premium off large Prunes.
Some changes in Lard and barreled Provisions. •
Wool and Hops neglected and uncJtangcd.
Hogs in moderate supply and firm. Other Meats unchanged.
Coal Oil advanced I-2C per gallon.
Nczv quotations for Pacific Codfish.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balances. $141,246,492; gold, $96,680,504.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— Close: Money on' call,
easier, at CJNH per cent; last loan, 3%. Prime
mercantile paper, 4%5?5 per cent.- Sterling ex
change, easier, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 S6%©4 86T4 for demand and at
$4 8?@4 83% for 60 days. Posted rates, $4 82%
@4 84 and $4 87%. Commercial bills, $4 82%Q
4 82%. Silver certificates. 64%@C5%c. Bar sil
ver. 63Tjc. Mexican dollars, 49 7 -c. Bonds —
Government, stronr- State, steady; railroads.
Irregular.
New York Money Market.
The markets here were Inactive, heavy and
uninteresting to-day. Americans showed not a
tithe of their recent activity. They were ne
glected and dull, closing llepressed on New
York's attitude, except for Ertes and Readings.
Berlin bought Northern Pacifies and sold Read
ings and the others. London thinks that they
will .derive most benefit from' the Hill arrange
ment, which, It is expected, will be known in
New York to-night. The bank lost £70.000 gold
to India and £8000 to South Africa- The local
loan tenders are regarded aa successful. Th i
allotment means that only £400,000 of deposit
money will be taken off the market. The India
Government has resumed the purchase of silver.
Atchison, 47%: Canadian Pacific, 94>i: Union
Pacific preferred. 85%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 90%; Grand Trunk, 7U; Anaconda, 9T4;
Rand mines, 36;4.
Bnr silver closed firm at 29%d per ounce.
Money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK. Jan. 8.-The Commercial Adver
tiser's London . financial cablegram says:
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Union Land 2«
Call loans 4W5|West End 92%
Time loans i@4%lWestngh Elec 54U
Stocks— I Bonds—
Atch Tor & S F.. 45% Atchlscn 4s 10Ui
Do prefd SSHjN E G & Coke 6s.. 70
Aemr Supar 136^4, Mining Shares—
Do prefd 117% I Adventure 10
Bell Tele l.>6 Allouez Mng Co... 3
Boston & Albany.. 252 Amal Copper 91%
Boston Elev 159 Atlantic 28
Chi Bur & Q 145% Boston & Mont. ...310
Dominion Coal ... 3S Butte & Boston 75
Do prefd 10S Calumet & Hecla..833
Federal Steel 54% Centennial 23
Do prefd "!Z% FVanklln 17%
Fitchburg prefd... 139 Humboldt 50
General Elec 184% Osceola 81
Do Prefd U6 Parrot , 48%
Ed Elec 111 3gt> Qulncy 75
Mexican Cent 15 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 Tamarack 320
Old Colony 205 Utah Mining 33Vi
Old Dominion 30 Wlnona 5»i
Rubber 22 Iwolverlnes 48%
Union Pac $1%'
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20; Little Chief 16
Alice 45!Ontario 6 75
Breece 2 00,Ophlr 100
Brunswick Con 23, Phoenix a 10
Comstock Tunnel.. C4;Potosi 20
Con Cal & Va 2 sslsavage 20
Dead wood Terra... 55 Sierra 'Nevada 40
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver C7 Standard 3 70
Leadvllle Con 06i
CLOSING STOCKS.
US 2s ref reg lor, IN Y Cent lsts.' 106
P« coup 105 N J Cent Gen 5s..l27T4
Po 3s reg 109% (Northern Pac 3s... 71
l>o 3s coup HO i Do 4s 1O4V4
• Do new 4s reg... .137% N Y C & St L 4s. .108
Do new 4s coup..l37V4iN & W Con 4s.. ..100%
Do old 4s reg 114 Or Nav lsts 110%
Do old 4s coup.. .114' Do 4s 103
Do 5s reg ...112 Or Short Line 6s. ..129
_P° 6s coup 112 Do Con Cs 116
?. Is .? f Co1 36 5s....l25 Reading Gen 4s.... 94%
Atchison Gen 4s.... 102% R G W lsts 99%
Do adj 4s 88 S L & I M Con 5s. 114%
Canada Sou 2ds....llO S L & S F Gen 6s. 127%
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO4% St Paul Con 186
_°o Sj.j. 121 St P C & P lsts. .117%
C &. N Con 7s 133% D oo* 120%
Do S F Deb Is...lC5'4 Southern Pac 4s... fjt
Chic Term 4s 92%iSouthern Ry 5s. ...m
Colorado Sou 4s... 84% Stand R & T 6s... 71%
g & "JJ G 4s 100&A Tex & Pac lsts. ...115%
Erie Gen 4s sSVi Do 2ds 95
F W & D C lsts.. 78% Union Pac 4s 105Si
General Elec 5s... 155 Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Cent lsts 116 Do 2ds 108»i
L * L unl 4s 99% West Shore 4s 113%
M K & T 2ds 77% Wls Cent 1st 86
Do 4s 97% Va Centuries 96%
8.000 Western Union 83
4.600 Amalgamated Copper 9154
2.300 Republic Iron & Steel Co 15'>
300 Renubllc Iron & Steel Co prefd 63 *
P C C & St Louis GS
1.511,100 Shares sold
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat. 68c: No. 3, 67@73%c;
No. 2 red, 78c; No. 2 corn, 37>ic; No. 2 yellow,
3.«4c; No. 2 oats, 24V;c; No. 2 white, 27%c: No.
3 white. 26%(527Uc: No. 2 rye. 53c: fair to choice
malting barley. 57<SJ68c; No. 1 flax seed. $159;
Xo. 1 Northwestern. $1 61; prime timothy seed,
$» 75: mess pork, per bbl, $14 23?fl4 50; lard, per
PO lbs, $7 20H7 22%; short-rib sides (loose). $6 83
07 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6i56Sic;
short clear Bides (boxed). $7 40*?7 50; whisky,
basis- of- high winen. $1 27; sugars, cut loaf,
6.39c; granulated, 5.75c; confectioners' A, 5.69c;
o.t A. 5.54c; clover, contract grade. $10 50.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »-
January 75% 76 75, 75^
February „..• 70% . \ 76% > '75%' ¦ 75%
May 79. •••¦•• 79^ -78 78%
Corn No. 2 —
January 36ft S5T4 36H 36%
February.. 37% 371^ 37^ 37y*
May ....:..... 39 33 33& 3S=i
Oats No. 2— ¦ • .. . •¦-¦-.'
January 23H 23% 23% 23%
Ma . y •'•S- ••••• 25% 25% 25H 25H
Mess Pork, per j>bl—
January 14 00 14 50 14 00 14 50
May ....1362% 1420. 13 62% 14 05
Lar^l. per ICO lbs— ...
January. .....7 10 7 25 7 10 7 20
M «y- ......725 : 7 40 7 25 7 35
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
January c 92% 7 00 6 92% 6 97%
May; ....- 6 97% 7 12% 6 97% 7 07%
Flour, qr sks.... 27.670 Brandy, gals .... 11 1W
Wheat. ctW 1.320 Tallow, ctls ..... 2TS
Barley, ctls 455 Quicksilver, risks 6«
Shorts, sks .• 25 Leather, rolls ... 143
Hay. tons 273 Butter, ctls 151
Middlings, ska .. 1.000 Cheese, etls 2S
Bran, sks 960 Lime, bbls 135
Potatoes, sks ... 1.446 Pelts, bdla 85
Beans, sks 1.333 Hides, no 144
Oats, ctls 470 Egg*, do* ~ 6.110
¦Wine, gals 108.500 v?
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY S.
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. S1C1T17: extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, $17018 for No. 1 and $15@18 for No 2*
Lath. 4 feet, $3 50®4; Pickets, $18; Shingles.'
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $2>52"J.
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered. 5.73c; Candy Gran
ulated. B.75c: Dry Granulated, 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C, GXoc; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-Dar
rels. 6.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. TVi©
7*ic per lb; White Lead. 7@7?ic, according tc
quantity.
QUICKSILVER-$47 50048 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Surar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb baga:
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Prices for Coal Oil are He higher. Water
White Ccal Oil. in bulk,' 13c; Pearl Oil. cases,
10c; Astral, 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star, 23c:
Elaine. 24c: Eocene. 21c; Deodorized Stove Gas
oline. In bulk, 14' ic: cases, 20Hc; Benzine, bulk.
13V4c; cases. 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline, bulk,
20c: cases, 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 61c per gallon In casea and
65c In drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,'
75c; pure, $1 ?0; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
70c: raw, 68c: cases, Sc more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 70c: cases, 75c;
China Nut. 56*f86c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, €5c; canes, 70c: Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. S7^®42Ho per gallon;
Finn Oil, barrels, 35c: cases, 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 28@33c per lb; Sola
Leather, medium, 26<330c; Sole Leather, light.
20£f2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc: Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32f?3Sc; Harness Leather, medium, 30@37c; Har
ness Leather, light. SSfg'SOc; Collar Leather, 15®
16c per foot; Kip, unfinished, 4-vg5»c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50<§55c; Calf, finished, 75cg$l 20;
Sides, finished, le^Uc per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14318c; Rough Splits. S#10c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground, $26®23 per ton; Stick.
$18*?20 per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13<316c tor prime to
fancy washed; 11'* '(i 12"»*c for strictly good
washed; — ©10%c for good washed; 3\@10V4c for
fair washed; 9@9V4c for medium; 6Vi£$\c for
Inferior to ordinary; 12<Sl3c for good to prime
washed peaberry: ll@ll^c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 10®10%c nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua — 13@16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; 10@12Hc nominal for fair to strictly
good washed; 9%@10%c nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; HSll'/tc nominal for good
to prime uffwashed peaberry.
Salvador — 11® 13c for good to prims washed;
10<iil0»«c for fair washed; Il!gl2v 2 c for good to
prime washed peaberry; lO^'uil'^c for good to
prime semi-washed; —^10Hc for superior un
washed; 10@10Vic for good green unwashed; 11
fftll'ic for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
7&S?«c for- common to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 13314c for prime
washed; ]l@12^c for good washed; lZQUo for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll@ll^c for
good to prime peaberry; ll@12c for good to
prime; 10®10»ic for good current mixed with
black beans; 9HS10&C for fair; 78Sftc for com
mon to ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices have advanced.
Bundles, per lb. 3Hc: cases, 4c; cases, extra
large, 4%c; cases. Imitation Eastern, $5 25;
Boneless, 5c; Norway, strips, 5Hc; Narrow
Gauge, 514c; Silver King, 6Hc: Blocks Orien
tal. 5V4c: Seabright. 6c; Tablets. 6Vic: Middles.
Golden State. 6c; Middles. White Seal. 8c; 5-lb
boxes fancy Boneless. 8&c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7 50;
Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each, $4.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12Hc per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope, 9c; Duplex, 8c
Terms, 60 days or IVi per cent cash discount.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Souihfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle. J7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walla
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and
$1S In sacks; Rocky Muontain descriptions, $S 45
Err 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
rand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2H-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots. Jl 50: Cherries. 82
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, $1 33;
Peaches, $1 Well 75; Pears, $1 85; Plums, $1 35®
1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries, $1 75.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $3 65: Calcutta.
Grain Bags. June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
284©32}4c; Fleece Twine, 7V4c
General Merchandise.
LAMB— 10«*10Hc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6«ic for small and 5%e for
medium and oM®5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5'.4c; dressed Hogs. 7US8Vic.
BEEF— 7©So for Steers and 6®7o par lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Large, 8'S'9c: small. 9«M0o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9s?9Hc; Ewes, 8H®3c per
pound.
Hogs continue In moderate supply and firm at
the recent advance. Other Meats stand about
as before.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. 6H@8c; do lambs, 9Q
9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10®llc: Southern Mountain, 7%®8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
"Wool and Hops continue very dull and fea
tureless at unchanged quotations.
Hides continue weak, but quotations stand as
before.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy "Salted Steers,
9%c; nrtdlum. 9c; /light. J#3%c; Cow Hides,
8Hc for heavy and S234o for light; Staxs. 63
6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15Hc; culls, 13Hc: Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 15@16c; culls and brand*.
14o ; Sheepskins, shearlings, 2OJ?30c each; short
Wool, 30Q55c each; medium, 60@75c: long Wool,
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50f2 73 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium. $101 23 for small
and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large. $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and SOc
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth. SOc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No. 2,
3@3Hc; grease. 2@2V&c.
"WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, l&glgc; Northern, defective, 123
14c; Middle County, free, 15@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12314c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9010c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. -ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 91711c; Humboldt and Mendoctno, 16
@17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lliffll^c per lb for
heavy, ll%«?12c for light medium. ir<4®13c for
light. 13%tf?14c for extra light and 15@i5»;c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 11HQ
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel: extra Mess. $13;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, JlilftlS 50: extra
clear. $19 50; Mess, $17; smoked Beef, 13c per
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H®6*ic per i D f or
compound and 9c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
9Uc; M-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb t«ns. 9%c.
COTTOLEXB- One. half-barrel, 8%c: three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. 7Tfcc; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
A few changes In barreled goods and lard
will be seen. Some local cutting Jn Bacon Is
reported. Otherwis* the market Is dull and
unchanged.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13^@14^c for bright and 12^
tf?13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%<ftSc; light amber, extracted. 6V>@7c; dark.
6@6*4e per lb.
BEESWAX— 24!ff26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7',4«t9c per lb for Italian:
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2. 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c: No. 2. 7%c; Almonds. ISfaUc for
papershell, 9SJ11C for softshell: Peanuts. 5®6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. :i«13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50"g5.
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached . Sultanas, «8c ; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6%c;. 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has ' established - the following . prices for the
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 8c;
40-BOs, 7c; 60-60s, BMc; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s We'
80-SOs. 2%c ; . 90-lOOs, 2%c ; 100s and over. 2c : rV
bios, '/ic premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
quins Uc less than Santa Claraa, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricot*, 60
tic for Royalb and 10@104<j for - Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, ' 5®6c ; sun-dried, S%@jUc ;
1'en.che*. 4© 5c for standard, 6® 6c for choice
and CVifKc for. fancy;: Pears, ¦ 2®7e; Plums
pitted: 6#M4c: unpltted, l@lHc; Nectarines, lit
tHc for red and 6tt@6c for white.
The only new thing In this very dull and neg
lected market Is that the Prune Association is
considering the advisability of taking the pre
mium off large-sized Prunes, though no change
has yet been made. , Prices for all Fruits, Nuts,
Raisins and Honey stand as before.
Five cars of Orangea will be offered at to
day's auction.
Oranges and Lemons continue heavy and
dull, as the cool weather is against them and
supplies are liberal. Limes are quiet but
eteady. Bananas are In heavy supply.
Fine Apples continue firm, nnd choice New
towns and Spltzenbergs bring $1 60 without dif
ficulty. • ¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—SOfTCOc per box for common and 75e
©$160 for good to choice; Spttzenbergs, $1 25®
175; Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1 25@1 50; Lady Ap
ple*. $1@1 60 per box. ,
PEARS— «0c@Jl per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $12: "Wisconsin*.
$18 50; Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 30
@2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $l@2;
Seedlings. 50c@$l 25; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins, S5c@$l: Lemons. 25c<3?l 25 for common
and $1 5002 50 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
50c©$2; Mexican Limes. $4 50@5; Callfornfa
Limes. 25«T35c; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples. $1®2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Other Fruits.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 42,600 Jbs Butter. 605 cases California
Eggs, — r cases Eastern Eggs, 1370 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras. 24c; firsts, 22c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy— Extras, 20e; firsts, 18c; seconds, 17c;
store, 14c
Storage — Creamery extras, 22c; firsts, 20c;
eeconds, — — ; dairy extras, .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 12He; choice,
lie; common, ncmlnal; Young Americas, 13c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 80c; mixed
colors. 28c per dozen.
California gathered — Selected, 27c; standard,
26c ; seconds, 25c.
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 2Cc;
seconds, .
Storage— California fancy, ; standard. ;
Eartern fancy, 25c; standard, ; seconds,
There was no change In Cheese and Eggs.
Both were quoted steady on the Exchange,
trough receipts of Eggs were larger.
Almost all descriptions of Butter were
lower and supplies were too large, especially
of the medium and lower grades.
Butter, C]ieese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail, $1 50 for Valley and $2 25 for
Mountain; Mallard, $2 50(35; Canvasback, $2 ."/>
®3; Sprig. $150^2: Teal. $1@1 50: Widgeon. $lig>
1 25; Small Duck, 75c@Jl; Black Jack, Jl 25^1 EO;
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@1 25; Biant,
$1 60 for small and $2 for large; Honkers, tilt
4 60; English Snipe, $1 50©l 75; Jack Snipe,
Jl 25; Hare, Jl 2f.@l 50: Rabbits. Jl 26@1 50 for
Cottontail and Jl for Brush; Doves, 65Q-75C per
dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkey*.
l.'.®18c: Geese, per pair, $175^2; Goslings, $175
«i2; Ducks. $4 5C(fj5 for old and $3® 6 50 for
ycung; Hens, $5<fi6 50; Young Roosters, $6f?6 50;
Old Roosters, $4 50®5 50; Fryers, $5 60@6; Broil
ers, $3® 5 50 for large and $4 50^5 for small;
Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 60
for Squabs.
Game continues low, though receipts are not
heavy. These yesterday were 90 sks.
Thus far this week four cars of Eastern Poul
try have arrived. Local stock is very firm and
prices for most sorts are higher.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6<g7c per lb;
String Beans, 10@12%c; CabDage, 90c; Tomatoes,
Los Angeles. $10-2 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, 8$?12V4c per lb; Green Peppers. Los
Angeles, 5©6c per lb for Chile and 8@10c for
Bell: Dried Peppers, 9@llc; Dried Okra, 10@15c
per lb; Carrots, 2S@35c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, Jl 50 per dozen; Summer Squash.
$1 75 per box: Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, J10@15 per ton; Mushrooms, 5@15c per
lb.
POTATOES— Early Rose, ttQ&c; River Reds,
75@00c; Burbanks, 40®56c for River and 85c«j
£1 15 per ctl for Salinas and 7i>$f95c for Oregon;
Sweets. 4CKJT50C for Rivers and 75c for Merced.
ONIONS — ?1 85@2 15 per ctl; Cut Onions, Jl®
1 25 per ctl.
Arrivals of Southern Vegetables were insig
nificant yesterday,' and prices were about aa
before.
Onions continue firm, and prices show a
slight improvement. Potatoes rule firm. Sweets
are weak.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 5Cg3; Canary.
S^iTS^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7u@9V4c; Rape,
2«J2V4c; Hemp, 3Vi,@3%c; Timothy, 6V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, J2@2 50; Green, $2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Small White.
$4 6IV94 65; Larre White, $3 63®3 8»; Pink, $2 20
&2 35; Red, $2 75®3; Blackeye. $3; Llmas, $5 50
«i5 65; Pea, $1 25&4 50; Red Kidney, $3 75&1 per
ctl.
Pink Beans ccntlnue to advance slowly, under
a good shipping demand. Other Beans have
shown no change for some days. A few vari
ations In Seeds will be observed.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat, $11013 60;
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat, *9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $809 50; Barley, $7 50@3 50
per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. ¦ (
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ' $16®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25626; Jobbing,
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake, *17<3>18; Corn Meal, $26®
26 50; Cracked Com, $26 60@27; Mixed Feed,
*15«?16.
MIDDLINGS-I16 50S19 E0 per ton,
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Feedstuffs have not changed for some time.
Hay is steady enough, and the light receipts go
readily Into consumption.
FRAN— J14@15 per ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are ae fol
lows, usral discount to the trade: Graham
Flair, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; nice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. J2 K;
extra cream do, $3 BO; Oat Groats, }4 60; Hom
iny. J3 50<S« 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, J3 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, |3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks, $5 75(97; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $3; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 25®
3 SO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 751*3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
©3
Flour and Millstuffs.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad
vices. New York parties on Monday took
1,000,000 bushels at the closing break. The mar
ket was active and very sensitive. Large hold
ers were pood buyers, but the pit sold a good
deal, chiefly short • Wheat. Counselman &
Day, who represent Keene. continued to buy,
thus adding to their already long line of May
Wheat. The crowd as a rule bought. There
were sales of 220.000 bushels Kansas Wheat for
export.
Locally futures were firm, but spot prices
stood the same. There was not much doing.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 11; milling. U 02^0
1 05 per ctL
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— May— 2000. ctls,
$1 C5%; 12.000. 1105%.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, Jl 05"i; 22,000.
$1 06.
Regular Morning Session— May — 4000 ct!s,
n oi%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctla, $1 03%.
BARLEY— The recent Increased receipts
Quieted things down »»nd the market is now
duller and not over firm.
Feed, 76Uc for choice bright, 75c for No. 1
and 70<B!72Vic. for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, S0@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. J
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market continues firm and fairly
active, with liberal offerings of black for seed.
White $1 Z0<qI 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25(^1 40 for Feed and SI 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black for Feed, $1 15@1 20; for
Seed, $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Dealers are complaining of the ex
cessive dullness of this market. Offerings are
in excess of the demand.
Yellow, Jl 12H@1 15; White, $1 10®l 15; East
ern mixed, {1 )2>ri per ctl.
RYE— S5@«7Hc per ctl. The market Is very
dull. Most of the current arrivals are of lots
sold some time ago and heretofore held In ware
house.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctl.
the same date last year; disengaged. 8490 tons,
against 6178; on the way to this port, 103,300
tons, against 178,600. ¦ .
WHEAT— Liverpool was firm and Paris lower.
New York was unsettled and fluctuating.
eteady. May pork closed • 35c ' higher, May lard
closed 2%c up and May : ribs closed 5c Im
proved. • .-.-..•.- - .- . - - - •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 19.01.
Foreign Futures.
Nav York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 &7V4
Sterling Cables — 4 88£
Now York -Exchange, eight...... — 15
Nev/ York Exchange, telegraphic — 1714
Fine: Silver, per ounce — ¦ - 63T*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H @ SI
Wheat and Other Grains.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Local stocks and bonds were dull and un
changed.
Tho feature of the morning session of th«
Oil Exchange waa tho Immense business in
Keed. over 20,000 shares selling at 70®77c. an
advance. This stock overshadowed all others.
Caribou was higher at 60c. Home at $3 85 and
San Joaquln at *13 75@13, while Peerless was
weaker at $8 CO. • »
Business was quieter In the afternoon, with
an advance In Wolverine to $1 SO.
- The Oakland' Gas Company win pay a div
idend of 25c per share on the 15th.
The Gas Consumers Association pays the
usual monthly dividend of 15c per share.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and'Tele
graph companies pay the usual dividends on
tho 15th. - _ ¦MB»J»H*r«is*<
The Paauhau Sugar Company has declared
tho usual monthly dividend of SOc per share,
payable . on the 10th.
.- The Gray Eagle Oil Company has declared a
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
fe> £* fe>
OF ALL THE
THOROUGHBREDS
In training belonging to Messrs. W. R. LAIt-
ZALERE. P. RYAN and PHIL ARCHI-
BALD.
Consisting of such well-known ones a*
JINGLE JINGLE, ASDBATTl'S. PLOFT?*.
SILVEKTONE, CYRIL. SCALLYWAG. TOL-
LYTOT, THE FIDDLER. FINC1I. ST. A.V-
THONY. THE GAFFIR. SYN'IA. ILLUSION*.
WERTHEIM. TRENTGOLD. DISCOVERY.
ORANASIA and several two-years-olds by
Take Notice, General Allies. r>are. etc.
Horses ere all In training and ready to raco
now.
Sate will take place at the Oakland Racetrack
THIS SATURDAY. January 12. 1301. commenc-
ing at 12 noon.
Catalotrues now ready..
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.FOUR LIVES LOST IN
A TENEMENT FIRE
Entire Family Asphyxiated and The.ir
Bodies Found by the
Firemen*.
' NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— Four lives were
lost In a fire In the five-story brick tene
ment house at 357 East One Hundred, and
Thirteenth street, occupied by Italians,
to-night. The dead:
ANTONETTE MOARA. 25 years old.
MRS. DONATO MOARA.
LOUIS DONATA MOARA, the three
year-old son.
FRANCISCO MOARA. the ten-months
old daughter of the dead woman.
FRANCISCO MOARA, 32 years old, wife
of Joseph Moara, a barber.
The Aloara family lived on the fifth floor
and the bodies were found by the firemen
after the flames had been extinguished.
They had been suffocated.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 8.— Former
Postmaster E. B. Dalngerfleld of this city
was accidentally shot by Stanley Gosbey
of Sacramento while the two .were .out
pigeon shooting. The shot entered Dain
gerfield's face and neck* bat did not inflict
serious wounds.
Accidentally Shot.
the local steamship captains that the time
is approaching when the interlsland
steamers will be required to have mas
ters who can stand the United States ex
aminations for master's papers. The court
took occasion in announcing his decision
In a steamship case to inform the local
mariners that a United States examlner
wlll be here shortly, and that he will ex
pect to find everything up to the standard.
Hawaii has a very large fleet of Inter
island vessels, the masters of which un
der the Hawaiian law were only required
to know how to run over the seas their
vessels traversed. They are now study-
Ing navigation to prepare for expected
examinations.
Tillamook Located.
TACOMA, Jan. 8.— The steamship Tllla
mook, forty-five days overdue from Alas
ka, has been located. News brought back
on the steamship Bertha says the vessel
Is In Saldova Bay. In the Cooks Inlet
country, hemmed In by floating ice, with
no chance of escaping until spring. J.
Botkln brought the news from Valdee to
Secretary Elmer of the Cooks Inlet Coal
Company, who in turn notified the steam
ship company officials. An Indian carrier
brought the news to- Valdes Just before
the Bertha left the north. Agent Chil
borg. who went north to investigate the
fate of the vessel, is at Juneau. Aboard
the Tlllarnook are fifty passengers who
are waiting for aid. The steamship Ber
tha will probably be sent to their relief.
All Will Be Required to Pass the Ex
aminations Provided For hy the
Maritime Laws.
HONOLULU, Jan. 1.— United States
Judge Estee j'esterday notified some of
UNITED STATES EXAMINER
TO TEST HAWAIIAN SKIPPERS
REGTJXATING VAXTJE
OF A CHILD'S LIFE
Schlesinger to Introduce a Bill Ra-
latin g to Damages for Personal
Injuries.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 8.— Bert Schleslnger of San
Francisco will prepare and Introduce In
the Assembly a bill amending the section
of the Civil Code relating to damages for
personal tnjurles. The Supreme Court has
interpreted the law to be that a parent
of a child killed through the carelessness
of the employes of a railroad, for in
etance, may.' recover damages to the
amount only that the child's services
would be worth to the age of 21 years.
.The . purpose of the proposed amendment
.will be to make the award of damages
for the mental anguish suffered discre- ,
tlonary with the Jury. The present stat
ute and the Supreme Court decisions
based upon It have been generally regarded
by the people as grossly unjust and tend
ing to estimate the value of human life
on a purely material basis, and the meas
ure probably will prove a popular one.
Tack Causes. Death.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 8.— Hermann V.
Larigermann Is dead at his home near
Aptoe. Several weeks ago- he ran a
tack into the great to« of his right foot,
•which caused blood poisoning. He waa
a native of Germany and 70 years old.
The body will be cremated.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— By a vote of
165 to 106 the House to-day accepted the
reapportionment plan proposed by the
Burleigh bill, which increases the mem
bership of the House during the next de
cade from 357, the present membership,
and the membership proposed by the com
mittee in the Hopkins bill, to 3S6. The
result was largely brought about by the
influence of certain Senators from several
Ox the larger Northern States, who threw
the weight of their Influence In the scale
in favor of larger membership.
When it became apparent that these
factors were at work against his bill, Mr.
Hopkins attempted to compromise by giv
ing an additional Representative each to
North Dakota, Colorado and Florida, but
his adversaries refused to compromise
after complete victory was assured. The
Crumpacker proposition to recommit the
bill for the purpose of ascertaining what
States abridged the right to vote to an ex
tent which would entail reduced represen
tation was defeated. 130 to 110. There w i.s
no rollcall on this vote, but a number of
Republicans voted with the Democrats.
Under the bill as passed to-day no State
loses a Representative and the following
make gains: Illinois, New York and
Texas, tnree pach; Mlnnesota,New Jersey
and Pennsylvania, tw'o each, and Arkan
eas, California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Florida, Indiana, Massachusetts. Missis
sippi, Missouri. North Carolina, North Da
kota. Washington, West Virsrina and Wis
consin, one each.
The bill provides that whenever a new
State is admitted the Representative as
signed to It shall be in addition to the
number provided by the bill. It also adds
a provision never hitherto incorporated In
a reapportionment bin. to the effect that
Congressional districts, In addition to be
ing "contiguous" shall also be "compact."
States wnich are allowed additional Rep
resentatives by the bill shall, by Its terms,
elect them at large until the Legislature
shall redlstrict the State.
California Will Acquire One
More Congressman
Thereby.
BURLEIGH BILL
IS ADOPTED
OAKLAND, Jan. 8.-Frank Frairi,
who has lived in three centu
ries, began his third -century by
being taken to the Oakland
Receiving Hospital for treat
ment. He was found upon the street last
night in what was supposed to be an epi
leptic fit and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where he was kept over night.
He was allowed to go •to-day. It was
while at the hospital that Frairi an
nounced he was 104 years of age. that he
had seen two centuries go and two cen
turies come and that he had lived in
three centuries.
He is undoubtedly a man of great age,
but his general physical condition, his
agility and his brightness of faculty
oaused the statement to be doubted by
ttte officials. Later, when fits children and
his nephews visited the hospital to ascer
tain the condition of the old man they
George H. Curtis, District Attorney for
the Northern District of New York, In a
letter submitted to the committee, reviews
these conditions and says it is highly im
portant that the Government be clothed
with power to direct that these prosecu
tions be instituted before such Commis
sioner In the district as it may elect, and
one of the amendments proposed -by the
bill has this object in view. The District
Attorney further says:
"The efforts of the Government are be
ing circumvented by the Sheriff, his dep
uties and by the United States Commis
sioner at Malone. "While we are endeav
oring to get the cases before other Com
missioners I have been informed that par
ties who are steering the Chinamen in no
tify the Sheriff of Franklin County at
what point upon the border they can be
found, and ho cr his deputies go to the
border and receive them, and then insti
tutr- complaint before Commissioner Pad
dock."
¦ Another amendment confines the war
rants of arrest issued by United States
Commiesioners for alleged violations of
the law to complaints made by Govern
ment officers, except in certain instances.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— Representative
Jenkins of Wisconsin to-day reported to
the House a bill agreed upon by the Ju
diciary Committee designed to correct
some of the abuses existing under the
Chinese exclusion act. The legislation
proposed was favored by the Attorney
General and is the outgrowth of condi
tions which have prevailed In Northern
New York, as a result of which many
Chinese have succeeded in unlawfully en
tering the United States. The Chinese are
made up of two classes; the first return
ing merchants »snd laborers, who have a
lawful right to enter the United States
and who come through the custom-houses
and are admitted without trouble; the
other class has no right to enter. They
are either smuggled across the border or
come openly across the border, to bo
taken before a United States Commission
er for trial. Since the Supreme Court de
cision that persons born of Chinese
parents lr. the United States are citizens
and entitled to re-enter without certifi
cates the number coming under the pre
tense of havlr.g been born here has con
stantly increased. Tho courts have held
that the decision ol the customs officers
on the question of citizenship are not con
clusive, and more than 300 Chinamen have
crossed the border into Franklin County
since January and have been taken be
fore Commissioner Paddock at Malone
for trial. The Government, however, has
failed to secure any deportations to speak
of in the trials before Commissioner Pad
dock.
Bill Introduced Is Designed
to Correct Existing
Abuses.
LEGISLATION ON
EXCLUSION ACT
Fralri's wife died about eight years ago,
but there are many children, with whom
the old man lives at 611 Madison street.
He is cared for carefully by them, but
occasionally gets away from the house
and wanders about.
repeated his assertion as to his age and
added that he was 104 years three months
and two days old.
Frairi is a native of the Azores Islands
and is a member of the large Portuguese
colony of this county. H e has lived In
Oakland for a number of years and has
a large family of children. grand
children, nephews and grand-nephews.
He was born In the Western Islands not
a great many years after the thirteen
colonies had become a country, and long
before California had been heard of save
by a few hardy navigators. He spent the
greater portion of his life In his native
islands, until his family decided to Join
the throng that was coming to California
some twenty years ago.
THE OAKLAND CENTENARIAN, WHO DOES NOT LOOK THE PART,
BUT CARRIES HIS GREAT AGE AS GRACEFULLY AS THOUGH
STILL IN HIS PRIME.
Officers in charge of the recruiting work
for the army declare ! it will take . six
months to increase the army along the
lines of the bill now before Congress. Gen
eral MacArthur continues to urge upon
the Secretary of War the Importance of
keeping the Philippine force up to 60,000
men. The act of Congress which au
thorized 35.000 volunteers compels their
discharge not later than June 30. This
will necessitate the reduction of General
MacArthur's force to about 35.000 men by
the first of May. when the first regiment
to leave the United States will be ready.
Unless some arrangements be made for
sending regular army troops, now orga-
nized in this country. MacArthur may be
compelled to police the Philippines for at
least a month with an army reduced BO
per cent over its present strength.
This is the situation pointed out by the
War Department officials. They declare
Congress has already placed the War De
partment in a serious predicament, which
grows more dangerous with each day's
delay.
Secretary Root does not believe that
the first regiment to go to the Philippines
to relieve the volunteers can leave tho
United States before the first of May.
"There is no doubt whatever that the
majority of American people are in favor
of a small rather than a large standing
army. If a special force Is needed in an
emergency the American people are quite
willing to give the President authority to
call for it but when the emergency goe3
the special force shouid go with it.
"This is the opinion I have heard ex
pressed and I have reason to believe that
it prevails 1 in all parts ol the country and
among all classes of thinking men. except
those who are Interested Tn an increase of
the army because they will be benefited
thereby. Discussion of the army bill now
before the Senate consists very largely of
special pleadings. During discussions of
the bill in committee and on the floor of
the Senate, the committee room and tha
corridor have been crowded with army ol
ficers acting in their own interests. It
has not been a spectacle which could bo
contemplated with any satisfaction. The
army is all right on the field, but officers
should not be invited to the noor of the
Senate or be permitted to lobby for legis
lation which will benefit them person
ally.
"These are not pleasant facts to relate,
but they are facts which the public ought
to know. If the army bill goes through
and the standing army Is Increased as th,»
bill provides, it will be because the Demo
crats did not have the courage of tlieir
convictions and because the army officers
have lobbied for its support."
The War Department is very much con
cerned over the effect in the Philippines
of the delay by the Senate in passing the
army bill. It is declared that the grav
est conditions threaten the Government.
Yesterday It was said the delay will In
volve an additional expense to the Gov
ernment of $1,500,000. To/-day the officials
say the expense is of minor Importance
compared with the necessity of replacing
the volunteers to be withdrawn.
NEW YORK. Jan. S.— The Herald pub
lishes the following from George H. Hep
worth at Washington:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Work Actively in Support
of Increasing the En
listment
ARMY OFFICERS
IN THE LOBBY
out "Ton Yonson," "Voyage en Suis*e"
and a new plav, "The Daughter of the
Million," which is .to have its first pro
duction shortly at the Central Theater In
this city, thus eettinp ahead of New
York. No matter whether Thall has busi
ness In this city or not, he always makes
it a point to "run out to Frisco" each
year in order to visit his relatives and
meet his old friends'. Prosperity has not
changed Thall in the least, and he is still
the same "Genial Sam."
POPULAR THEATRICAL MAN
AGER 'WHO IS BACK AMONG
HIS FRIENDS,
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.— At ; 5 o'clock
this evening Secretary Cortelyou said con-'
eernlng the President's illness: '"The Pres
ldent'scold has developed Into' a well de
fined | case of grip. The I physician • states
thatHhere are. no complications and that
everything is progressing' favorably.' The
disease must run. Its regular course, and
the President therefore Is not likely to be
out of his room for some days." \
plications* and Everything Is
Progressing Favorably.
Physicians Say : There Are No Com-
PRESIDENT'S COI-D HAS
DEVELOPED INTO GRIP
Intense interest is manifested in Placer
County in the outcome of the trial and
the case will be fought bitterly. The.de
fense occupied over two hours in the
opening and claims that the horrible acts
of killing were committed by Landis un
der the belief that his wife was intimate
with Clydesdale and while he was tem
porarily insane. The prosecution main
tains that it was nothing but a cofd
blooded. heartless ' murder. 'Seventy-five
jurymen were drawn,' eighty witnesses
have been t subpenaed and the* town is
crowded with onlookers.
.AUBURN. Jan. 8.— The trial of Russell
Londls for the killing of- his wife' Lizzie
at Rocklin, Cal., on the night of October
3, 1900, was commenced in the Superior
Court of this county this morning. It will
be remembered that young Landis' not
only killed his wife with a shotgun on
this occasion but directly afterward re
paired to the house of Constable W. J.
Clydesdale and shot the latter while he
lay reading in bed. Clydesdale died a few
days later at the Sacramento Hospital.
The prosecution Is represented by Dis
trict Attorney Wright, Assistant J. E.
Marks and Fred P. Tuttle, assistant coun
sel: the defense -by L». L. Chamberlain
and C. A. Tuttle. To-day the selection 6t
a Jury was completed and opening state
ments made by respective counsel.
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
Slew His Wife .Consta
ble : Clydesdale at
Rocklin.*
LANDIS ON TRIAL
FOR HIS LIFE
Special Privileges That Breed Boodle
ism Are Winked At by the
White-Livered Men of
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— Frank Moss, ex
president of the Board of Police Commis
sioners, speaking last night at the .Uni
versal Thought Salon at WInterburn Hall I
on the topic, "Things in General." blamed |
the men who buy special .privileges for'
municipal misrule in New York. lie ?a.d,
among other things:
"This unanimous pointing to poor Sen
ator Sullivan. Martin Engel, Percy Nagle
and Devery is suspicious. It is suspicious
that all the newspapers agree in attack
ing' vice. It is suspicious that Tammany j
Itself points. to the particular vices of
gambling and disorderly houses. I am j
inclined to look behind and see what I
greater evil is shielded. The men who j
might start an organization to overthrow
Tammany are themselves guilty of doing
practically the same thing. The men who
have been building up this system, of cor
ruption know that tho men who are in
control in New York life are buying priv
ileges and are fattening upon the fruits
of special purchase privileges. *
"Devery is bad enough, but he is a mere
creature, a mere product. The Commis
sioners are as guilty as Devery, yet they
talk of taking one of them to be the sin
gle head of the department. He is the
very man who broke his faith with a
Chief with whom he had no fault to find
to put Mr. Devery where he is at the be
hest of politicians and gamblers. There
has been all this discussion about vice,
but he has done nothing. There has not
been a single trial, but he is not the ulti
mate criminal. He is the creature of a
system.
"Croker is certainly an object against
which we have to turn our batteries, but
1 don't know that he is the worst one»
There are men in New York who are
great financial powers and who have, been
furnishing the brains for Tammany Hall
for years and profiting by it, and they
have been using the rough man who is
the nominal head to control the masses,
and they have given him the rough man's
price."
Mr. Moss described the enormous value
of the subways as an illustration of the
special privileges which he said a certain
few men were Interested In. and he said
that it was to protect In the enjoyment
of that monopoly that they maintained
Tammany and through Tammany pre
vented a construction of the pipe galleries
which would carry wires in competition
with the subways.
"This is the condition, yet the misera
ble public is amazed over dives and gamb
ling dens, and the holders of special priv
ileges slyly say, 'We'll see If we can get
the reformers to put in nomination for
Mayor some man who won't interfere
with our special privileges."
"One of the biggest builders in New
York said to me: 'If T were to tell you
some of my experiences It would turn the
city upside down.'
" 'Why don't you tell me?' I said.
" 'Oh, it would end me,' was the reply.
"What white-livered men we are In New
York. 1 have seen men turn pale when I
suggested that they sneak out. Though
vice is bad, it is not the worst thing. If
it was noffor corruption in business life
there would not be so much In politics.
One can be a railroad wrecker or an ab
sorber of corporations and tfe considered
respectable. The strife that is now on
will go on until a force of men who havo
patriotism and civic pride will redeem the
city."
To Purify Philadelphia.
If local leaders can be found to carry
on the fight, Bishop Potter will 'assist in
launching an anti-vice crusade In Phila
delphia and will speak at a mass meeting
at the Academy of Music In that city to
be held to-morrow night. ,
"I understand that Philadelphia Is In as
deplorable a condition in regard to its mu
nicipal government as is the city of-Nervr
York," said the Bishop, "and what is
more, Philadelphia is a Republican city.
It would seem, therefore, that municipal
corruption may flourish under the auj
pices of either party. This Is a truth
which both Republicans and Democrats
are bound to admit.
"A delegation of prominent citizens
from Philadelphia called on me some days
ago and asked me to speak in that city.
Thev told me that the city' was In Bad
need of an awakening of popular senti
ment and of reform in municipal affairs.
I said that I would gladly assist in any
movement which had for its end the ex
termination of vice and corruption, bjut I
declined to take an active part until I
knew that there would be local leaders
to carry on the fight. I expect to hear to
morrow if satisfactory arrangements have
been made."
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are in New
York: From San Francisco — Mrs. A.
Brown is at the Savoy; L. Caro is at the
Herald Square; N. E. Hall is at the
Netherland; D. McKenzle Is at the Park
Avenue; A. Gambler is at the Herald
Square; A. W. Pike Is at the Imperial; E.
Cricher is at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— L. R. Russell is at
the Grand Union.
Former President Moss of
the Police Board Talks \
Very Plainly.
CORRUPTION
AND PUBLIC VICE
The family referred to was named De
vin. whence the young jockey took his
name. The Devins were related to Su
pervisor George E. Bates. One day a poor
vroman appealed to the Board of Super
visors for financial assistance for herself
and children. Sflpervlsor Bates offered to
give one of them, a little boy, a. home,
and in this way the young Jockey came
into the Bates and Derln families and
firally into the custody of Boyle, under
whose guardianship he earned large sums
on the race tracks.
It was stated in open court by counsel
that Boyle- had disappeared from his place
t,t business in Oakland, and that a defal
cation had been committed. Boyle, it Is
Raid, will be required to account for $4000
or SjOOO of the young Jockey's earnings.
Boyle, who la ore of the b»>st known
horsemen on the coast, was granted let
tern of guardianship over the boy a couple
of years ago after a hard fight waged by
the family which had undertaken to rear
him and which had not dreamed of the
money earning capacity of the boy as a
rider of fast horses.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 8.— The Grand
Jury of this county will probably be called
¦upon to Inquire into the matter of Thomaa
H. Boyle's guardianship of Frank Devin,
the well-known young: Jockey. Judge
Hughe* of the Superior Court to-<Jay
made an order directing that Boyle file
within ten days a new bond as gxsardlan
in the sum of $10,000, and that his power
as (guardian be suspended pending the ren
dering of an account. The Fidelity Surety
Company applied for release from respon
sibility for Boyle's future acts aa guard
ian, but counsel representing the relatives
of young Devin opposed the request and
tbe court did not grant it.
Ep*cisl Dispatch to The CmIL
Jockey Devin's Guardian
Must Furnish Niw Se
curity.
A pKullar coincidence in the affair was
that Martin's brother, who went with him
to Forn^ale. was injured In a fall and died
recently a* St. Luke's Hospital In San
Francisco.
BONDSMEN ARE
DISSATISFIED
The deceased was a native cf Canada
end we* 57 years of aere. A widow sur
vives him.
Marvin was an ol<J resident of Prtaluma
and the news of his death is received with
grief here. He was a prominent member
of th»- Masonic fraternity, and the Ma
sona of Terndale are busy in the search
for his body.
PKTALT'MA. Jan. 8.— William Martin, a
wll-known carpenter of this city, was
flluimed en Sur.<1ay last in a storm-risen
stream near Ferndale. Humboldt County.
A messape to this effect reached his wife
in thil city to-day. Martin with a com
panion was on Hi way into Ferndale from
a ranch whore h*» had l>e«>n d<Mn»r »ome
carpenter work. He was to po to Fern
dale and th^n *tart for home. He had
been in Humboldt County for nearly a
year. Last week the big storm broke over
Fornfiale. rs elsewhere, and the rivers
and Ptr^aras were running 1 brimful.
When Martin and his companion reached
the upper Matcle River thoy found that
thp rain had rr.ad* 1 the ford a danperous
r-lace to cross. TTi^y were in a heavy
storm et the time and were anxious to
pet irto the city ar.<5 to dry lodpinsT?. i»o
they deified to try the ford. Hardly had
th* horses jrnt well into the stream than
they wrre swept away, and carried the
waswi and the ntfn with them in a wild
race <Jown the ttream. The wagon was
overturned and the men and animals were
a!! rtrowned. The wreck was found, but
th*> bodies of the men have not been re
ooveredL
"William Martin of Petaluma Meets
Death ITear Fern dale.
DR0W1TED IN SWOLLEN STBEAM.
HEBCED. Jan. *. — Mrrced's flood as the
result of the overflow cf Rear Creek sub
sided last nipht and the city is assuming
its normal shape. The Southern Pacific
an ' Santa Fe tracks were repaired last
t*% v.;- £ and tho!r trains were enabled to
jirocoed after 1^'ng tied up here all day.
Tbe weather turned cold last nipht. which
stopped the melting of snow In the moun
tains and the cr^ok fc*l rapidly. The re
twated visitation of a 1* -xxS from the over
flow of B<?ar Cre^k within a few weeks
has caused the r*»nppi to discus." means
of curbing the turbulent stream and mat
ter? lnoklriir to LbJj en i will probably soon
fipsume practical shape.
VISALIA. Jan. 8.— \'isa!!a is rapidly re
eoverlxyj from the off acts of high watsr.
Mill Cr<*ek. which runs through the cen
ter of the city, reached the highest point
ft about 4 o'clock this xnorninp. in
the eastern suburbs are flooded. Many
citizens remained uptown moet of the
nipht fpartng an 5nu::.iati>n. All east
bound Southern Pacific trains are held
here on account of tba wrecked track at
<iiant Oak. No Santa 7+ trains have gon*
north tlace midnipht Sunday owing: to a
washmit of the tra.rk n«-ar St_ John s Riv
er crossing. Cutler bridge, one of the
!nnp«?t in this so-nl^i, has be*>n washed
away. The storm is generally regarded
nf a gT«»at benefit to the country, despite
a tew pecuniary lossf-s and inconveni
ences. Millions of srophers. squirrels and
jack rabbits have been drowned. The
rity has been without electric light &nA
pr>w*>r Bioee midnight Sunday.
The San Joa<;ulri and Stanislaus rivers
were not unusually iiigh and no damage
has been rexwned. Railroad travel frum
tbe SQUth was stopped yesterday on ac
count of washouts. The rise of water wa»
the most sudden and rapid in th«? history
of the county. It was caused by heavy
rains in the mountains and the melting
of edow.
Nine cows were washed from tho river
ranch of J. J. McMahon out of a band of
Thirty. Paradise orchard of &.O acres. th<«
l«_r£e*»t uu the Txii>lumne Kiver. is com
pletely under water and the damace will
be great, but the full extent cannot bo
learned until the water subsides. Last
month a portion of the ievee broke a.t the
orchard, but tbe Jetties, and bulkheads put
in last ye£j are believed to have withstood
iha flood. All along the riv%r wreckage
••—•¦ be seen ar.d the lamage to aJfal/a
land by the washing out of roots will be
heavy.
MODESTO, Jan. 8. -The water In the
rivers \s subsiding to-day. Yesterday and
\as-t night the water reached the highest
point in the Tuolumne Kiver for twenty
years, and all bottom land is submerged.
No bridges have been washed away, but
danag« to the lowlands by the washing
out of lances and cultivated laxid will be
great.
Impossible to Hake a Definite Estim
ate of the Damage, but
Streams Are Rapidly
Subsiding.
Banks of the Tuolumne
River Are Strtwn With ,
Wreckage.
BOTTOM LANDS
UNDER WATER
HONOLULU. Jan. L— W. Horace
Wright, journalist, lawyer and leader
among the forces of the royalist party in
Hawaii, ended his life with the end of
the nineteenth century, committing sui
cide on the last night of the old year by
taking carbolic acid. He was found dead
on New Year's morning in his editorial
chair in the office of the Independent, of
which he was associate editor.
The suicide was evidently deliberate.
During the afternoon of the 31st Wright
purchased two small bottles of the poison
that killed him, giving the excuse to the
salesmen at the drug stores that he
wanted the stuff for cleaning. In the
evening he retired to his ofBce alone and
he was not seen alive again. When he
was found this morning a flask half full
of whisky was beside him. He had ap
parently sat at his old working desk, re
solved ft> end his life with the century,
and while others round him were cele
brating the new year he took a terrible
dose of the burning fluid. For over a year
he had been drinking very heavily and of
late he had been despondent. It la thought
that he deliberately chose the end of the
century as a fitting time to close his
career.
The deceased Journalist was a man of a
good deal of prominence In revolutionary
days here. He was highly educated and
an able writer.
He was born in England and was an
English barrister. He was employed in
the Foreign Office here for a time. For
several years he has been associate editor
of the Independent, the paper which has
always opposed and fought against annex-
Horace Wright leaves no relatives here,
and nothing is known of his early life.
Suicide of Horace Wright, a
Honolulu Lawyer and
Newspaper Man.
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH THE CENTURY
A Brussels special says: There 19 no
truth in the report of the foundering of
the'Steamer Soudan, which left Antwerp
early In December to undertake river ser
vice in the Congo Free State, and which
was said to have gone down during the
last days of December, drowning ten of
her crew. The first report was due to a
change In the steamer's destination.
Products of Germany.
A Berlin special says: The Secretary of
State for the Interior. Count von Posa
dowsky-Wehner, opened the commercial
congress to-day. In welcoming the dele
gates the Secretary warned them that
German commerce and Industry will have
to struggle harder than ever before to
find outlets abroad owing to the marked
tendency of the civilized states to become
self-sumclng. He. however, expressed the
.opinion that the excellency of her pro^ncM
would enable Germany to hold her otto In
all the markets of the world, as well aa
within new fields.
"Wireless Telegraphy at Sea.
A special from Toulon says: The recent
experiments with wireless telegraphy in
connection with the French fleet have
! been so satisfactory that It has been de
; cided to provide the entire Mediterranean
squadron with wireless apparatus, which
will be subjected to decisive tests during
the coming cruise of the squadron. The
recent experiments showed that dis
patches can be exchanged reliably at dis
tances of from eighteen to twenty miles
by the new system.
Soudan Not Foundered.
budget for 1901 showed a marked increase
in revenue, and the profits from the state
railroads were satisfactory. It was pro
posed, the speech adds, to Introduce bills
dealing with the reform of the local gov
ernment of Berlin, the relief of provincial
finances, the housing problem, etc. The
speech concludes with an appeal for the
patriotic labor of the members of tho
Diet and with a reference to the bi-cen
tenary of the kingdom of Prussia.
French Parliament.
Paris special says: Parliament reas
sembled to-day. Great animation was
manifested on the floor of the Chamber of
Deputies and the tribunes were crowded.
M. Paul Deschanel, who has been Presi
dent of the Chamber since the betrinning
of the present Parliament, was re-elected
President.
The Senate adjourned to-day until
Thursday for the election of bureaux.
After an inauguration speech by M. Wal
ter, the doyen of the House. M. Walter
and M. Raullne, who spoke as doyen In
the Chamber of Deputies, appealed for a.
union of the Republicans and the closing
of the fratricidal hatreds between French
men.
Hallways Completely Buried and Ten
Thousand Laborers Have Been
Dispatched to Clear the
/^W Tracks.
LONDON. Jan. 8. — A special from
Odessa says: Dozens of trains are snowed
up on the southern railways and some are
completely buried. Ten thousand laborers
have been dispatched to clear the tracks.
Several Russian steamers are missing.
Sebastopol Is full of vessels, which have
taken shelter in the harbor from thw
gales. The snowfall In the three days has
been so heavy that no mails have arrived
here.
The Diet Is Reopened.
A Berlin special says: The Diet was
opened to-day In the name of Emperor
William, who is suffering from a slight
cold, by the Imperial Chancellor. Count
von Bulow, who read the speech from the
throne. The principal point in this waa
the announcement of the presentation of
an extended canal Mil. comprising not
only the Khlne and Kibe scheme but alao
the construction of a waterway for large
ships between Berlin and Stettin, a more
practicable waterway between the Oder
and the Vistula and Improvements In ths
Wartha, Lower Oder, Lower Havel and
Spree. The speech referred to the contin
ued satisfactory financial situation, say
ing a considerable surplus had been ob
tained in 1S99 and that equally favorable
results were expected for 11*00. while th<*
Severe Winter Being Expe
rienced in Southern
Russia.
TRAINS SNOWED UP,
STEAMERS MISSING
Don't try»to t put on too many airs: It
may make your friends cold.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 8.— The Congrc?
sional committee which is investigating
the hazing of fourth-class cadets at West
Point military academy resumed the tak
ing of testimony to-day.
Harry Breth of Altoona, an elder broth
er of John Breth, whose death is also un
der Investigation, told of a visit he and his
sister paid his brother at West Point In
August, 1895, a few months after his ad
mission to the academy. John said he
had been exercised until he was rendered
unconscious and was revived with whis
ky. Harry said that hazing had become
so severe that extra guards had been put
on duty, and John said that such a pro
ceeding waa unusual. When the cader.
returned home after having been found
deficient in certain studies in 1898. h-»
seemed unwell and never ¦ was In good
health after that. *,
Lucien Alexander, secretary of th*5
board of examiners for the admission of
law students to the Philadelphia bar, who
yesterday refused to give the result of
Oscar Booz's examination upon the
ground that he would be »n contempt of
the courts under a rule of the court, said
.he had applied to the Court cf Common
Pl«-as and the court had granted a rul<?
permitting him to make answer. He then
testified that Oscar Booz failed in the 2x
aminntion. having a general average of
50. Mr. Alexander said he attributed his
bad showing to Booz'a poor eyesight.
Harry Breth was again called and ex
hibited the letters written by his brother
when he was a cadet at West Point. In
one of the letters John said he had re
ceived a large number of demerits. , This,
he said, was not the result of careless
ness. The rules were very strict in re
gard to tidiness, but he had little time lo
keep his belongings in proper order, as ha
would be compelled tc neglect his duties
bv reason of his having to attend solree3,
which was one of the forms cf hazing in
vogue at the academy.. •
Another letter stated that one night
"some of the worst fellows in C company"
took John and three others to a tent and
forced them to undergo excessive exercis
ing. John was made lo "brace," "eagle."
"wooden-wlllle." put on a rain coat, and,
with a cap covering Ins head, hold out
dumbbells. * ' - -
Mr Breth, the father of John, said it
was his firm conviction that the excessive
hazing .his son .> underwent made him
chronically, nervous, broke his health and
reduced his vitality to such an extent that
the "young "mail .was unable to- fight, tho
typhoid germs. '
The committee adjourned to meet at
West Point to-mormw. After hearing
testimony ¦ at the military academy, the
committee will , return to Washington,
where other witnesses will be heard.
Cadet John Breth Exercised at West
Point Until His Senses Left Him.
UNCONSCIOUS FBOM HAZING.
"W., "WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— The mili
tary court of inquiry which investigated
the charges brought by the parents of
Cadets Oscar L. Booz and John Breth,
deceased, has made its report. The court
finds that while Boob was hazed when
a cadet at the Military Academy, his
death was caused by tuberculosis, and
the treatment he underwent was not re
sponsible for the disease. The charges
made by the boy to his parents were un
true. Neither is there any foundation
for the allegation that Cadet John
Breth's death was due to hazing. The
court specifically finds that hazing has
occurred at the military academy, but
that it was not so brutal as has been
observed in civil institutions throughout
the country. In view of the fact that
the statute of limitations applies to the
cadets who participated in the hazing
of Booz, and because of the further fact
that the cadets who gave testimony dam
aging to themselves could not be prose
cuted on such testimony, a recommenda
tion Is Included in the findings that there
be no further proceedings.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 O STREET, N.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Military Court Finds That
the Charges of Booz
Were False.
REPORT ON THE
HAZING CASES
QENIAL. Sam Thall, the well
known theatrical manager, is
once more in the city, and his
right hand is aching from .the
many, cordial greetings he has re
ceived from his legion of San Francisco
friends.* Thall is a San Francisco boy.
Twenty years ago Thall began his
theatrical career with Joe Grismer
and Fred, Bert, at the old Cali
fornia Theater, and the training he
received there has stood -him in good
stead, imbibing thoroughly the business
and practical aetalls ot theatrical work
from Urismer and, Bert, youngx Thall
started out on the road with Unsmer and
tor eight years piloted the ventures of,
this actor alt over the country. Both
U nail and Grismer boast that during the
eight years they were connected they
never closed a season with less than $20,
000 profit.' Thall's record was watched
closely by W. A. Brady, another San
Francisco boy, and a good offer from,
Hrady took Tnall to New York. This waa
s-hortly after the time of the defeat of
Sullivan by Corbett, who waa under
Brady's management. Thall managed
Corbett's theatrical company for Brady
and money simply piled into the coffers of
the firm. In fact, when any of Brady s
companies were "off color" Thall was
hurried on to join the company, for he
had the record of making a poor attrac
tion a paying one.
With the increase of Brady's ventures
Thall was advanced until he became the
general representative for booking and
routing the shows. Brady looked on
Thall as his "mascot" in all of his pugi
listic ventures, and says that if Thall had
teen present at the Corbett-Fltzsimmons
encounter at Carson the result would
have been different. Up to three years
ugo Thall remained with Brady and then
started in business for himself. "Yon
Yonson" came under his management, and
last year cleared $20,000 profit. This year
Thall has twd attractions on the road—
Hanlon's "Voyage en Suisse," which was
successfully revived last year, and "A
Stranger in a Strange Land, which will
be Been at the Alhambra next Sunday
afternoon. Next season Thall will put
He Is Back in Town Receiving the Wel
come of Old Friends. :
MANAGER SAM THALL NOW
PILOTS BIG ATTRACTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 11)01.
ONE HUNDRED YEARS OLD
AND STILL AN ACTIVE MAN
Frank Frairi of Oakland, Who Has Lived in
Three Centuries.
DENVER, Jan. 8.— A special to - the
Republican from " Albuquerque, N. M..
says that Eduard. Strauss, the noted
musician, arrived . there , from , California
yesterday suffering from , gallstones and
was unable to appear with his company
last night. After treatment by a , local
physician the patient- was- pronounced
much better to-day and was able* to leave
for the north.
Strauss Becomes 111.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. ¦ 1--
RpjrlRira.tion for th* second eetne«ter
>,cJo«od at Stanford this evening with iOlO
Y *-u<3er.t« enrolled. This exceeds last year'ff
\ registration bv twentv-flve.
Registration at Stanford.
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 8.— The suicide
whose remains were discovered through
mi anonymous letter directed to Coroner
James Crowe was identified this morning
by the elfter of deceased, who resides in
San Francisco. Tbe man s name wu Jo
p«*pn Fanrer. He wu 22 year* old and a
native of Switzerland. By occupation he
¦was a dairyman and of late had been
¦working for John Daley, near Colma.
Body Identified.
Arrives.
Sergeant J. J. , Moriarty had a rough
and tumble flghtwlth five prisoners at the
City Prison early this morning which re-
Bulted In his being badly beaten about the
head, and his hand being severely cut.
The flvo men, of whom one was Louis
Enrlth 1 employed In a warehouse on Clay
street, were being unloaded from the pa
trol wagon, when Enrith. made a vicous
attack on Moriarty. The other four took
a hand, and before assistance came Mor
iarty was badly beaten. His injuries wero
attended to in the Receiving Hospital. HI«
assailants were finally locked up and
charged with battery and drunkenness.
FIVE PRISONERS BATTLE
SERGEANT MORI ARTY
Offer Resistance at City Prison and
Beat Officer Badly Before Help
11
VALUABLE TESTIMONIALS,
A few of over One Thousand, from Famous Physicians i '
ProfessorVon Mosetig-Moorhof, Vienna, Austria,
Professor of Surgery, Imp. University, writes: ' 'I have employed Himyodl Jano* ¦•
1 Water in cases of Obstinate Constipation with excellent and immediate effect." [
.;. Professor Lomikowski, Charkow, Russia,
Professor in Therapeutics at the University,' writes: " Kanyiadl Janoi stands first
among all Aperient Waters."
Professor D. LambI, Warsaw; Russia,
Professor of Clinical Medicine at the University, writes:" Ham jradlJuos Bitter
' Water, besides being an excellent general Aperient, has proved specially efficacious ¦ .
- In tha treatment 'of chronic ' constipation,' venous I obstruction and congestion.
hemorrhoidal affection and obesity." §
No Medicine in the World can compare with ** Hunyadi-Janos."
HmwaaiianoaTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., WEDNESDAY, JANUABY 9, 1901.
12
SPIRITUALISM.
MrST^DrT FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of lite, law-
suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl. ev'i.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no tlgn.
MRS. LESTER— Readings • dally; circle every
eve., 10c, except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
EARLE. S05 Taylor «t.. corner Ellis-Slttlngs
dally: seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy Bt.'
C. Mayo-Steers. 112V4 Oak, trance medium;
readings. $1; hours. 1-5 p. m.; teL Howard i27.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, m ed. clairvoyant. 1164 O'FarrelL
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third st.. next
the Examiner. She reads your life correctly,
given an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future.
Valuable Advice In All. Affairs of Life.
If you have any anxiety about affairs of any
kind consult this great medium nnd you will
make no mistake. Fell life reading by mall;
send stamp for terms'; 25c up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, la permanently 16cated at 1306 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
l 1st; 15 years' experience; her knowledge- of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake.' 1104
Market St., corner Mason, room 28.
A — Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law; evil Influence removed:
fee POc. mall $1. IS11H Market, opp: Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles EOc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., %\ 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
Cth ; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
CIRCLE to-night. 8 sharp. 10c: readings dally.
MME. MARQUISE. 6 Hyde St.. nr. McAllister.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. :48 Sixth St.. room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychom^trlst. palm -
1st and card reading. 25c. 1241H Market st.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader: best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor Sixth.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109 Fifth st.. room 2.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth, st. : German spoken.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st., rooms 8-10.
MME. ZSREDA, the gypsy, is the preat palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv; business
advire: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
I —————————————————— ~~— ~~~~— — — — — —^— — —^
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS,
TOP buggy, piano box. nearly new; bargain.
632 Market St., room 6.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wncon. for rale rheao. R32 Mtfeion.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE^vTK^L^Tr^^^elicy^No charge un.
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE — 6 rms., bath A basement; hot and
cold water; yard: garden. 811V4 Golden Gate
ave., opposite Jefferson sq. ; rent $20 only.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3833— Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard; rent $8. •
\ DENTISTS.
A^^'ELiECTi^b^i5ENTXL'~ciri*NIC~S^9"Mar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; geld crowns, I
13 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- |
flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2 i
p m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager. {
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years: crowns. $3 50: fillings. 50c; plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prUes for best crowns, plates, bridges
: and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
1 perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
, 1 :
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c: gas given. -
THE New York Dentists have moved to 960
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, SOc.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. S.. 1206 Market st.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PAIMS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor*>Bush—
I Full cet of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
IVAN VnOOM— "Painless" ; evening* and Sun-
I days. 1001 Market tt.. corner Sixth.
! SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1541 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SKAMSTRKSMKS
i MeDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
I patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng.' 121 Post. overO'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. /
EVENING f "sT^^BUsfNESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market et. ; Individual lnstructlcn
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 lite scholar-
. chip guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courees; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past C months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportoiial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 60-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparator-
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can . therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. SOS Larkln at.
A SPECIALTY— Perfectlng^beglnners;- business
college graduates; bookkeeplng-flgures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct... 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining,— ech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 128 Kearny St.. r. S3.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFUippe'sAcademy
of languages, 320 Post; estab' d 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VISITING governess; English branches, Dlano
and bookkeeping; SOc a letaon. Box 747, Call.
TEACHERS' Agcy, A. McNiell,Mgr..r. 31. Flood
bldg. ; high school, srammar, private teachers.
! ILLUSTRATION— PARTINOTON'S DA X and
ILLUSTRATION: night rlast». 424 Pine Rt.
\ ''EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
¦ JAPANESE responsible housecieanlng co. : est.
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
, to 413 Devlgadero: teL Fell 13t. F. HAMAD A.
1 JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Buah 135.
• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ; of •
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
; JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'Fair ell St.; tel. Hyde 2131. ~
i A B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone. James 2601.
" ORPHEUM Employment ornce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072,
- CHINESE 'and Japanese Employment Office—
. Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
DR- G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market,
opp. Cth; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced in San Francisco for
years- treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all other fall call on him.
MRS DR KOHL. 997 Market st. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5: positive cure —jaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007>4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice in S. T.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any allmentahom e for patients; con-
sult free. 842 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed : ladles treated can return «anw
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $5: best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny St.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWTER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MIXING AND ASSAYIXG.
FOR sale— One-half or whole of good mine in
Sierra Co.: large ledge. Apply owner, WM.
RE CKNAGEL. 243H Clara st.
; SALE.
BOILERS engines. Jd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits en hand;
S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready \made;
we can ehl? everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter fcr J5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month. ¦
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. ¦ WHITELAW, 216 Spear rt. -
A FIRST-CLASS coffee mill (Enterprise
make). In good condition. Inquire at 1901
j Devisadero st.
LADY desires to sell her diamond rings. Ad-
dress, Box 1066. Call office.
PARROT for sale; talks English; price $6. 155
Fifth st.
FOR ssJe — Horse, cart and harness; bargain:
must sell at once. Thos. Roberts. 1615 Market.
A 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
. Apply 216 California st. _.
JD-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J.. Burke. 133 Beal e.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and\ magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lantern*, new ami Id-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD*-— BRECK, 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAKE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for. $L
postage paid. -.".¦¦¦
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
-scld. Silver— .an, 884 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
: "WA'NTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD, 1710 Market st.
BUSINESS CnA!fCES.
_s-$1600— CORNER grocery and bar on Guerrero
St.; rent $40: large btock. horse and wagon
and a first-class paying business; established
years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H' Kearny st.
A— ONE of the best saloon* with commercial
lunch: close to Palace Hotel; rent $50: owner
»lck In bed; a great sacrifice; only taOO cash
Sown needed. R. G. WILKE. «H Kearny St.
A-JTOO; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$_5; opp factory employing S00 people: a
rare chance. R. G. WILICE. 26H Kearny st.
A-*25O-C1GAR store on Market St.; nn{$»;
a rood-paying stand. Call R. G. WILKE,
2CH Kearny st.
A— $S00— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
et.; rent $30; place estab. 20 years; must sell.
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to rlcht party.\R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $_$— PARTNER wanted In an employment
office; can clear easily $150 per month: only
rood, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
C6V4 Kearny et^
A— $~5— CORNER saloon In the Mission; rent
J20: lease; eood-paylng business. Call R. G.
WILKE. X\j Kearny et.
A J7M) — Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms/In
leave fcr'East; must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 2G4 Kearny et.
A— S32S— RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
R. cable-house: rent $20; good-paying place;
Investigate soon, as rare'ehance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny it.
PARTNER wanted In a large old-established
profitable business, controlling a good t>afe.
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
el former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the accounts and asslbtlng
generally in the management of the business;
capital required (5000 to $10,000; full value in
sight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY — CO.. «32
Market st.
$1000— SALOON downtown; fine location; ele-
trant fixtures; large stock: paying business;
owner must leave the city; offer wanted.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
ttore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business: special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK — CO.. €C7 Market «¦ ,
RESTAURANT: Income $50 dally; estab.. 13
years: long leave; meals SS cents. Call on
MARION GRIFFIN. 71? Market; by Call bldg.
J250 — RESTAURANT proposition; seldom of-
fered; — nt $20; payments. D. McRAE. 837
Mission st.
$300— RESTAURANT bargain this day. Me-
LAUGHL1N _ CO.. 777V4 Market et.
FIESTAURANT with living rooms; good prices; :
compelled to sell. LANE & CO.. SG5 Market.
HOOO— GROCERY stock, bar, hay and feed,
horse and wagon; doing business 310C0 per
month cash; bar pays entire expenses; less
than inventory price: owner 111; a bargain.
Credit Department TTM.MAXy & BENDEL.
STATIONERY, notions, candy and cigar stora
will be sold at reasonable price; good-paying
business: old stand; 20 years in existence.
Inquire at 158-157 Fifth st.
JWO— TOBACCO, ctgars and notions; estab-
lished 15 years; living rooms; downtown lo-
cation; a cafe Investment; no agents. Box
1070 Call office. <& ¦
FOR sale — Candy, ice cream and tamale par-
lor; branch bakery; must be sold immediate-
ly; parti ea leaving city; no agents. 1506 How -
ard st.
BEST equipped family hotel In the city: elec-
tric elevator, bllllard-rooms. etc; proprietor
going East. Call 207 Sansome St., rms. 1 _ 2.
PARTY with J1000 take half Interest in manu-
facturing patent article; sure eales, large
profits. Box 1C67. Call.
AT once, cheap. New England Home Bakery,
Guerrero st.. near Twenty-second; death
cause of sale; call at bakery.
RESTAURANT and coffee «aloon; dally re-
ceipts about $60. Call »t place, 410 Kearny st.
¦WOOD and coal yard for sale. BIO Second Et.,
near South Park.
RESTAVRANT: bargain: paying business;
cheap rent; pood location. Apply S69 Hayes.
A-PLAY THE RACES— *
10 to 50 p*r cent profit monthly on our new
system; call and Investigate. N. S. HAND &
CO.. expert handlcappers. suit 12. 34 Kearay.
WANTED— Lady or gent with $200; salary $17
per week. Including- all expenses; must travel
nnd »ct as cashier. Box 961. Call office.
A— $450— GOOD-PAYING tailor shop in univer-
sity town; fine business; must sell; money-
maker. J. W. BRACE, 906 Market St.. r. 8.
FOR sale — Chophouse: good business: expenses
f— .all; electric Uehts; $350 cash. Particulars
W. C. STEELE. 7 N. California St.. Stockton.
BRANCH bakery, notions, clrars and confec-
tionery, furniture included; leaving city; good
location. 1202H Golden Gate ave.
FOR eale — Fixtures In a hardware store; DO to
75 per cent discount; register, safe, scales, etc
Box 2067, Call office, Oakland.
»900— PARTNER In butter business: net J175
month each: will stand investigation. Box
10E1. Call office. !
SALOON for sale — Second door from Kearny;
120 month. Apply 413-425 Jackson st.
A — NICE saloon: must be sold; good reason for
selling. CrJl 247 Fifth st.
RESTAURANT for tale at a bargain this week.
Call at 419 Kearny st. j
CIGAR store, fine location, for eale cheap. 2)
Ninth at.
%V- WINS $S0O per month at races: references
riven. Information Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOI. «i:S FOR SALE.
A FEW OF H. C. DECKER'S BARGAINS:
24 rooms; house clears $150 $2000
14 rooms on Mission st 500
6-room flat on Taylor 6t 250
CO rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
18 rooms on Third st 600
20 rooms on Powell st 850
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 85<K>
24 rooms on Geary it.! clears $150 1900
SS rooms on Kearny St.; clears $150 1600
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
BUSINESS PLACES. CITY AND
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?
40 rooms; boarding-bouse $4 coo
S3 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms on Post St.; in payments £50
12 rooms: clears $75 450
600 OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $:5.000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
CALL AND SEE ME-OFFICE OPEN
EVENINGS.
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 MARKET ST.;
PHONE MINT 7»6. j
I SAMPLES ONLY.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
11 rooms... $2O0J20 rooms.. $S00 85 rooms.. $3000
11 rooms... 400:20 rooms.. 1200 75 rooms.. 4000
12 rooms... «00jJ4 rooms.. 1400 65 rooms.. 4500
13 rooms... 300 26 rooms.. 36T.0! 63 rooms.. 1500
12 rooms... tOO 36 rooms.. 1S0O 62 rooms.. 3000
14 rooms... 250 SO rooms.. 24001 €0 rooms.. 7000
17 rooms... 3C0 34 rooms.. 26501 60 rooms.. 820U
JS rooms... 800 27 rooms.. 27501100 rooms.. 1500
15 rooms... 600|30 rooms.. 25001 60 rooms,. 7000
18 rooms... 475 40 rooms.. 3000 CO rooms.. £000
IS rooms... 700 40 rooms.. 40001 64 rooms.. 20CU
17 rooms... COO'43 rooms.. 25001 48 rooms.. 6C00
60 ROOMS: newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
S7 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 850
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 CO 900
IB rooms. $450; 10 rooms, quick S50
20 rooms; detached; handsome ~ yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only {60 monfti; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER _ CO.. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON A WOLF. 1026 Market St.
14 rooms: Geary st.; must sell $750
15 room?: piano; rent S45; only S50
SI rooms; elegant corner 1G00
40 rooms; great bargain; a snap leoa
18 rooms; cheap rent; central too
46 rooms; rent $60; ccrner 1100
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
IT-ROOMED house; a bargain $804
86- roomed house; cheap.
19-roomed house $350
SS-roomed house $800
EMERY A CO.. > Eddy St.. room 1.
FOR sale, cheap— Newly furnished I6-room
apartment house; permanently filled; must
be sold owing to other business.- Call before
10 a, — .. or after 6 p., m. at 1157 Octavla fct.
$1!76— 28 rooms; choice location; a pick up;
$1075 cash, balance any time. D. McRAE,
S37 Mission at.
LARGEST list lodging-houses; rood bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2. 917 Market gt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
J.1100— CO ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
. all rented; low rent. BA8ILE, 3 Eddy st.
' FOR SALE— Rooming house. 12 rooms; cheap.
415 Powell st.
CAni'ET~BEATliTc AND CLEANING.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor worh
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3-3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
' STANDARD. 31> Guer— »ro— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
'______> la >' ln S » specialty. Phone Mission IM
1 CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
[ STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet- Beating and Reno-
\ vatlng Co.. 240 Fourte«^h st.; tel. Mission 74
. ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
' tel. Main 2?4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
» CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. 833 Golder
Gate ave.; telephone East, 116,
CHIROPODISTS. '
r CORNS, bur.lcr.r. Ingrown nails, warts, chll
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter
MEDICAL.
LOST— A small alligator purse New dear's
eve, containing about $10 70: return, receive
reward. Address box 1033. Call office.
LOST— In San Lorenzo, Gordon setter, calls by
name of Jack: reward. Address Postmaster,
San Lorenzo. _______________
WANTED— Old gold for manufacturing. O.
NOLTE. Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell tt.
CHEAPF.ST and be«t In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces. s«nt to any address In th«
United States or Canada one *-ear for $1.
postage paid.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SIMON METER: No. 231-577. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Small, open face jrold watch; liberal re-
ward. 109 Erie St.. S. F.
LOST— Gentleman's scarf pin; turtle with
emerald studded back; suitable reward. Re-
turn to 122 Davis St.. room 4.
LOST— Diamond finger ring; old square cut
Etone about 4 K in size; ring plain polished
(told in clamp setting; %T-0 reward an<! no
questions asked If left with O. B. MARTIN,
care of Madison _ Burke.
LOST AXD FOOD.
1VVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
SOLI> and rented; m anfr. of the Earn es tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 210D Market st.
HOUSES TO LET— KURXISHED.
TO lease for 2 years or more — Nice sunny resi-
<Ience of 10 room* and bath, furnished; large
dining: room, suitable 'for a large family or
private boarding house. 334 Grove St., 3 blocks
from City Hall; $i0.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. ITVBSEN A CO.. 14 Montsrome— r.
HOUSES TO LET.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
¦ai'T.T/tVAN *¦ DOYLE. Atirtlon<»»— i.
HORSES AND MULES.
Last few days of sale cf German Government
horses and mules; grand opportunity to get
good horses at rea«onable price; horses from
$20 up: mules from $j0 up. Baden horse ranch,
at end of San Mateo electric line.
8A~ FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEIJTESS OFFICE of The 6an Francisco
Cull, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
cr.tll II o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— in Montgomery ftrtet.
ccrner Clay; open until 8:39 p. m.
SCO Hayes street ; open until f:M p. m u
CSS McAllister street: open until »:S0 p. «-
C16 Lerkln street; open until 9:10 p. jn.
PC! Mission ttreet: cp«n until 10 p. m.
5261 Market *treet. corner Sixteenth: open
rr.ti! • p. — l -
1C6 Eleventh street; open until t p. m.
:CS« Valencia street; open until » P. ~-
Ncrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
furky streetr: open -Ptll 9 p. m.
aiEETIXG KOTICES.
A SPECIAL nesting of San <\r>
Francisco Consistory No. 1. A. >^i<W5L___
and A.. Scottish Rite of Free- _^W*^arR|
:-. csor.ry will b.- held in Com- f£js_Wy.A,»-5
irar.dery Hall. Ma?oiuc Tern- lijf f-;w» . JCj
pie. on WEDNESDAY EVEN- {r_~jgA>> -»!
ING, Jacuary ?. 1901. nt 8
o'clock. Installment o'- offl- * { %^^jt^'
CerB " HENRT BURNER. Registrar.
ISLAM Ternp'.e. Mystic Ehrlne, &&*^t*^Tf
Golden Gate nail. C25 Sutter If^&S^
Flreet— RecuUr session THIS » »
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at >»<_5?vr
7 o'cloel:; installation <-f oKl- / ,£= s -^"\
ce— . Al! nobles cordially In- Iff
vlied. By order of _ie 111. \ii jy
Potentate. *^
HIKAM T. GRAVES. Reci>rder.
CROCK ETT Lodxe Xo. 13S. F. and A. m
M.— First degree THIS (WEDXE9- i_
DAY) EVENING at T:SO o'clock. Ey X_«
orcer of tt» W. M. '?>
H. -QRTKIED-, Secretary.
EXCE LSIOR Lodge No. 1S«, F. and A. _r
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNEB- _J\_
i?AT! EVENING. January 5. at <-0»_X
o'clock. First <5ejree. lyri
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
SCISSION Loire No. 1C9, F. and A. M. a
Called meeting THIS (\i EDNESDAT) __FV_
EVENING. _t 7.:3 o;clork. First <Je- X_K
gree. /? >
GEORGE D. FLACK. Secretary.
VERB A BUEXA Lod~ » No! IS. _j_»!M__>
I. O. O. K— Ir.lrlarlcn cf two «Ji-ty5_SJ_
d:ia-.ps THURSDAY EVENING. "^Tj*^?
Jan. IB, 1801. Members attend; "V/bW-
good tlrr.e promised. Victors invited.
JOHN A- OHLSON. N. O.
— -M. P. UTTMPHREYS. Secy.
K. R. B.— Ira pcrtar.t meeting of y
this society will be held at our /
hall. H23 Mission st . THIS (WED- S
NESDAY) EVENING. Jan. S. at *^^ ,»
6 o'clock. Members are request- IW ~^ IS 1
ed to attend, as Important burl- I
r.ess must be attended to. By Jy^tSF"
<rder PRESIDENT. |
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- __-__
ciaticn — Special m eetln* will be heU "Jr
et ha!l. £20 Post st. WEDNESDAY. -^__J»
Januarj' *. at 2 p. m. All — .emben ~"^
are requested to be present for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our deceased brotli-
er. C. H. MARSHAL!.. By order of the Presi-
dent. L. TKAUNQ. Rec. Sec !
TO the ctockholders and —embers of the C. F.
Kepp Cc— p&cy. a corporation: Notice is
hereby riven that a rer.eral ir. eetln_ of the
«ockhol; ers and members of the C. F. Kapp
Cc— pan , a corporation, will be held at Its
office and p'.aoe of business. No. 1200 Market
rt., in the city and county of Ean Fr&iciico.
Etate cf California, on SATURDAY, the 26th
day cf January, 1901. at the hour cf 12 :
o'clock ra.. the object of said meeting belne 1
the removal frcm efflce of the following-
ram ed directors of eald coDcration, to wit:
C. H. Koehncke, Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and" Alfred Fuhrman. and that at
such ~ eeting It Is the Intention of the under-
s!c_ed to propose the removal of each of said
directors, and also at said meeting the repeal.
amend— ent and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
fcPKING Valley Water Works— Annual Meeting
—The annual meeting cf the stockholders of
the 6prlr.g Valley Water Works will be held
at the c^fice of the cc— pany. No. 126 Stock-
ton ctreet. Fan Francisco. California, at 12
o'clock M.. en WEDNESDAY, the Sth day ,
cf January. 1901. to elect trustees to serve '
fcr the enduing year and for the transaction
cf ruch ether business as may come before
the —ettlng. Pan Francisco. Cnllfcmia.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the San Francisco Ladies' Protection and
ReMef Society will be held at the "Home."
on Franklin 6t.. between Port and Geary, on
Thursdav. January 10. at 2 o'clock p. m ...
Icr the * purpose of ejecting managers and
trustees for the ensuing year and transaction
of such other business as — ay properly come
before it.
K. F. Ht-TCHINSON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — Regular annual meet-
lr.j: of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office of
the co— pary. ZT. Market St.. in the city and
county of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the
16th day of Jar.uarj \ 19SL at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of Euch other busi-
ness as —ay come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 5,
1SC1, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
fhip Company -_l be held at the office of .
the ctfmpasy. £17 Market et., San Francisco,
Califc— i!a, on MONDAY. Januarj • H. 1901. _t ,
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m... for the pur- I
rose of electing a Board of Directors to 6erve
tor the er.EUiiig year, and the transaction of
tuch otber business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer bocks will close on Thurs-
dav, j_~uary 10, IC'Cl. at 5 o'clock p. in.
* E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
E— pcrtum and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Pl«ase take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will b« held at the principal office of the '
coir. pa-ny. In the Parrott building, located on
Market tt., between Fourth and Fifth. In the
city and county of Ean Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January, 1901. at 2 o'clock p. m., for the
pu— »?• of electing directors and for the
transaction of rueh other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of tbe Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated Januarj- 3, 1S01.
JCOTICE Ss hereby given that a ppeclal m eet-
lr.g of the stockholders of Th" San Francisco
or.d Ban Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will r* fc*Id at the principal office of the
cctrpany in the city cf San Francisco. Cal..
on SATURDAY, the nineteenth (l»th) day of
Jar.usry. WH. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur-
pose cf approving and ratifying an agree-
rn Tt fcr the f&1» and conveyar.ace to and
f-Jrchase by The Atch'.son. Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The Han Francisco and
Fan Jcaquln Valley Railway Company, and
to transact ar.y other business that m*y
lTaJiy coin e ?-•¦fore the meeting.
- ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Fan Francipco. January 4. 13C1.
ANNUAL MKETIN<J — The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vftiley Consolidated Railroad Company will
b» held at the cSlee of the company. S27
Market et.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
tw^nty-fi— t day of January. 1901, at the hour
r.t u o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
ing a board cf d!re<rtors to s*rve for the
*T.tuIng year and the transaction * cf euch
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. The transfer books will close on Friday,
January iS. 1S01. at S o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Ca!L 16 pages, sent to aay address in the
two Etn-»s or Cansrta cr.e year for SI.
AGEXTS WASTED.
BOLICTT CRS: ladles or gentlemen; big oom-
rr.isslons. Utlca Cleansing Compound Co., 21
Spear et.
1200 TO S500 per month; m*n or women: salary
or commission or both. S27 Market St.. r. 61S.
POSITIVE opportunity for a first-class lady
f .cent. Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg., S. F.
FINE bu*inr?s for iafiien. Call or write £6
Kt. Ar.r.n' Bu'.lainc. < Eddy St.. P. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD fccme cpen for girl er boy baby. Add.
T.T— rv Fiinko. 141* Eighth «t.. Alam»da.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFING.
S. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks n-
rnired: portal. 1186 Mission- tel. Folsom 1C07.
ATTORNEYS AT _AW. ~
R. W. KING. 527 Market et.. €th floor, room C27
—Estates, damages, attach— rats, bankruptcy,
collections; all cas^s; fair fee; no advance
ciarg'f; loans on estate*. Tel. Howard 1Z:<~.
„' '.jVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 150 Market, cor. Stocktn.
HUNK XV. FMITll; mlr.lnK and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir. ; tel. Red S61«.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. iT, Market £t., cpp. Mason,
j. EDYV. JARIIETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red E£— :
tL. 8. CLAP.K. E-ma 8preckels bldg.. K7 Mar-
ket rt.; consultation free; no fees in advanse.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS cares, sent to any address In the
United Ftavs. poEtpsld. for <1 per year. ¦
BATH CABINETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and tor
•ale. USC Point Loocs ave.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Smle
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— A middle-aged, steady man. good
horseman and driver, also familiar with
ranch work, for small country place-; also
must know plain cooking; permanent, easy
Job; wages $20 and found to start. Address
box 1040. Call office^
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to EOc. SC2 Mission St., bet, lat and 2d sts.
UNDERPRESSERS en pants. BELASCO A.
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.; call upstairs./
BARBERS— Good paying shop for sale, 200
Powell Bt. ; \trlal given. "
BOY to go erranda and help around store.
2216 Flllmore st.
MANUFACTURER wants dress goods, corset
and trimmings salesman; salary and commls-
glon. Experience and reference to box 1C30.
Call office.
WANTED Recruits for the Marine Corps.* C
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of gouU
charpct'er, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less /than S feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In heicht: able to read, write and
speak EngHFh. For further Information at-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellie
st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A solicitor of hl_h grade who can
present a high class proposition to selected
Individuals; no canvassing; high i>ay for
right man.. Room S. 5 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 1J0 large
rooms; 25c per night: II' to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. E6* Mission St.. bet, lat and id sts.
LADY or gentleman ; wanted; nrat appearance;
security required. Box 100?, Call office.
15c BARBER shop; choice location: Market St.;
first-class trade; bargain. Box 103). Call.
WANTED— ICO men to take rooms, 10c. 13c and
20c. Boston Home. 930 Howard st. <
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. SM Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to leam barbtx trade. 741A Howard St.,
B. F. Barber School.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. Z« Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 room*. 2Eo night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109<
Valencia st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call brajWch office. g200 Flllmore st.
iiK.Mi>-<!nn»i!>-».
ANY case of Piles. Piles. Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, calves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
MOTKY TO — OA~. _.i
AA— BEST rates and easiest term s.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interests in Real —state....—
Financial problems of all sorts and sixes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or yoo. will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANT amount at 6 percent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided intercut, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lav K*t my term* before dolnr business «!»*"
\ where. R- McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i-
ANY proposition, any amount; Jpw cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates legacies: corporation loans, chatt-1
tiiort-azes and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A QLSEN.
iFlGIILY respectable, private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds. Jeweriy at low -
i*t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4« Market
It. ; "l Main 1M4. Branch 13 Third St.
OS furniture pianos, no removal, or any other
security Quirk; lowest rate: easy terms: no
brokerage: private, rellabU parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St.. room <S.
A-fcOO 0CO ON city and country re_l esiuit- and
estates; chattel mortpages- notes and collat-
erals J. UUOWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery St.
onaT M ii o si» niafe to borrow on diamonds.
wf£hE jewelry T W J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth-.
nlVheVr'priTe for old gold. »»™-. diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates. (>n furniture eto.:
no removal, no commission; •**J ctI 3 r JE*»^"_5r
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY lo.ned salaried P«>P^^*_f^__SS__
HILL, rm. 4*. Merchants' .Ex.. 431 O— -ornl—
$100.CMTOloan on real estate or l**" 11 ****
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 gansom*. rm. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos: $IAup; no removal:
no commission; private. Room P. « Eoay » L
LOANS. 1st of 2d mtg«: city. country:_ '^fSfi"
vlded lnt-.: batatgs. HARPER. 33T Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 386 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party:
low rate. 817 Market St.. room 1. __
ON furniture and p'.anos: no removal; con-
fidential: on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor it.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELUtoa Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dors er. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person navlng use for a piano can be ao-
commodated at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s wit—
easiest payments, lowest price* aad most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each th« best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Iwr-
llege given to exchange medium ana w»-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any urn*
within threw years from, date of purcnaae.
Beautlfnl new uprights sold for $« cash and
it per month. We offer to sell •om«_Jg2 d
pianos for $3. $4 and- $5 per month. SHER-
SlAN. CLAY - CO.. Stelnway deate—, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Franosoo;
corner Broadway and Thlrte«_t_ it. Oak-
land. ,
A GREAT reduction on pianos left from 1900 ssOe.
Guild •*_
Emerson •»
Stelnway ? _*
Chlcke-ring - - |f»
Haynes - «*»
Hallet * Davis — - *_
Heine *»*
20 new pianos at Hi
HEINE PLVNO CO.. ZlT Geary it., agent.
Hallet A Davis, oldest and moat famous piano
In existence. Rents and easy payments.
PIANOS at $100. $125 and $150 are not to b«
compared with the bargains that w « offer
you. Call on th* ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7t9 Market st- |
DECKER _ SON are the old reliable makers
of first-class places. New styles and tow
prices at MAUVAIS'. 7S3 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY th« oldest a.nd larg«st house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
23 and SO O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: •?«— -
thing posslblo done to pleasa and satisfy th*
customer.
A GREAT bargain sale of second-hand uprights
and squares taken In exchange for n«w piano*
during our great special sal*. $<0 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ A SON. 18 OTarrell St.. Chtckertng
agency.
CABINET grand upright; mast b« sacrificed
In S days; leaving city. €13 Van Neaa a— >.
MUST sell our upright piano; almost new;
please make offer. 815 Laguna st.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerinr uprtght; cost $473.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos in sto—tge;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market St.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions; see. our
leader, only $15*. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
THREE- PEDAL upright^ nearly new; bargain:
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Horn nng. 21« McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardm _n. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFP9. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant op-
rlshts at yonr own price. Shonlnger agency-
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos, $3 per
month. ECOTT-CTURTAZ. S60 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR vlclins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nlc« upright piano.
PCHMIT7. 1< McAllister »t.. next Hlb. Bank.
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Store with living rooms; partly fur-
nished: low rent: good business location.
TUTTLE. «#» Market st.
;, I . OIL.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
velops, exploits and sells oil lands; has excep-
tional advantages for securing Eastern capital
In proved fields: communications confidential.
F. H.^ HAUSMAN. Sec., room 32. Mills bldg.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24 — 28 — ti Kern RlTer
Oil District: a grand chance for a company If
taken immediately. J. S. EWEN. 19 Cmll-
fomta «t.. room 1. San Francisco, Cal.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. £30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE,
Country correspondence solicited.
WANTED-3000 shares of the Occidental Oil Co.
of West Virginia stock. Address, statics
lowest bid, box irS5. Call offlcg.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory? line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen A Bath. 108 Sixth st. ; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. Hi
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Poet; t»l. Black ML
PATENT s AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unleaa successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN, 25 yrs., would like to corresponil
with lady; object matrimony. Box 1084, Ca.IL
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. 728 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
VOICB culture, piano. French conversation by
Ptrlalan teachers. 40S Golden Gate av«.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. Souta 7SX
made to order, renovate.; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fln« uphoU
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS., 318 and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Wlnchestw r
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $S J»r week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha f«rry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needlet
electric roller facial treatment for w nnxiasj
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. Utt Sntter.
FINE suits. $10: drew P*nts. $2 Ti JdXSTTT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats. $1 75. Po? 11 '
lar Price Hatters. Kfarn > 8t " near pln(> -
SUITS to order on
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Markst St.. b«-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ¦
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or doublT IS 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
In* Co.. 1S44 Mkt.. nnd«r St. Nicholas HoteU
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Ita natural color; $1: at all drogglsta.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl*s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effictually
cured. DR. J. H. REEVE. 2$H Kmuojt st. *
EMPLOYMENT WA5TED--FEMALE.
A NEAT German girl desires situation as nurse
to grown children and light upstairs work ;
good ref.- also a competent cook and house-
work girl wants a position, ref. ; boarding-
house cook wants position. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ,
YOUNG American woman wishes to assist in
Christian home In country or any poeltlOa of
trust; home more than high wages. Box
1017. Call. ¦ . ; ¦
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as
a good cook: will go a short distance In the
country in a private family; wages from $15
to $20. 49 Shipley st. ' __.
YOUNG lady 'wishes situation to mind chil-
dren or- assist at light housework: no wash-
. Ing. Apply or address CIS Minna st, between
. hours of 10 a. m. and B v. in.
HOUSEWORK by a Tood reliable girl; small
family; city or across the bay. Please call 18
' Gilbert 'st.; no mall answered unless fare.
AN experienced dressmaker and ladies' tailor,
i only $1 50 a day, desires work by the aay in
families; city or country. Box 1016. Call.
AMERICAN- middle-aged woman with girl of
11 years wishes a place to cook; city or coun-
try. 14 Pearl st.
REFINED young woman as nurse to children;
will assist -Qliamberwork; experienced : New
York families; country prefd. Box 1069. Cali.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing or housecleanlnj. Call or
ts aildress Grocery, corner Laguna and Fulton.
GIRL would like to do housework In email
family; no children. Call or address 273
Church st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position as seam-
stress or second work. Call at 415 Powell st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing.
235 Twenty-ninth St. ¦ " .
WOMAN wants position: Is good cook or will
do any other work. 246 Third' st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes a situation as second
girl; wates $15. 2725 Twenty-second st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress; good cook; clean. 1062 Howard St., r. 8.
WIDOW with a child wishes position as work-
Ing housekeeper. Address MRS. . KITTIE
HICK, Colusa. Cal. v
NEAT girl wishes position In general house-
work. Apply at 175A Shipley st.
WANTED— Position by a Swedish girl to do
housework or cooking. . Call 177 Perry st.
NEAT German girl wishes housework In Ger-
man family. Call 1421 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 eo night. $1 50 to $6
¦week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillm ore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A COMPETENT German man and wife desire
- situation; understand all kinds of ranch
work; ref. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
A GERMAN man and wife: 4 years last place.
Apply MRS. NORTON. Swedish and German
Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, thoroughly competent, Armenian young
man, wishes employment in private family as
all-round cook: steady, temperate and refer-
ences. Box 1C65, Call. •
GARDENER wants situation, private place:
understands hothouse, gasoline engine; do
chores, clean windows: references. Address
Gardener. £29 Sacramento St.. room 92.
CARPENTER, good mechanic, can do cabinet
work, wants Hteady work with some com-
pany, store or Institute; wages reasonable;
good references. Box 1C6S. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN bartender wishes poslticn;
willing to start as helper or leave city. Box
1052, Call.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL. New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
A HOLLANDER, nurseryman and florist, age
2S, would like position in nursery or private
place: 12 years' experience. Box 1056. Call.
"GENTLEMAN of address and business ability,
good accountant, will accept any opening
where advancement will follow. Box 1054. Call.
YOUNG man. a horseshoer, wishes a situation:
city or country. Address A. LIPPI, 3S63
Twentr-thlrd st.
A FIRST-CLASS shoemaker would like to get
a steady position; Is -.horougrhly sober man:
city or country. Box 10C7, Call office.
WANTED— Position as foreman In planing
mill; 8 years In last place; understands all
branches; would go In country. Address
box 359. Call office.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position
i In butcher shop or hotel: willing to assist In
kitchen; has had experience. Box 1038. Call.
FIRPT-CLASS barber desires a good locality to
cpen shop; also willing to take charge of
barber. shop. Box 1037, Call.
GARDENER, understands hothouses, otc.
wishes place. Address box 1047, Call office.
A DANISH man and wife; the man gooo\farm-
er, and blacksmith by trade; wife Is good
housekeeper. S. C. PETERSON. Tremont
House. 523 Kearny st. . '
YOUNG man, student, desires employment
forenoons and evenings for beard and room.
Box 1031. Call office. .'
A FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith wishes a
situation. £23 Kfarny st. ,
A PRACTICAL, up-to-date machinist and tool-
maker desires to take charge of manufactur-
Ing plant. Box 9?9. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements' and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r-celved at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
FEATHER PILLOWS. j
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have I
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FKATHKU FACTORY. ?44 Stevenson st.
FINANCIAL.
PARTY wants to sell some good city (munici-
pal) bonds; -reasonable. Box 1064, Cal loffice.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let;— New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 8
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— LOWER flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
• McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard st.. near Seventh. . •
NRW flat. 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Rurantr St., off Howard, near Eighth.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave., l\i blocks to Market St., Gough and Oc-
tavla. •
S ROOMS and hall to let at 14 Bruce place, off
Folsom st., between Seventh and Eighth; $3.
$7— FLAT of 3 rooms. 244 Harriet St.. between
Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and Bryant.
17 — t-ROOM flats on Victor St.. oft Bryant, be-
7th and sth. Inquire at gTocery. 941 Bryant.
FLATS TO LET — UXFURXISHED. "
FURNISHED fiat. 5 rooms and bath! gas and
coal stoves; $22 60. 2C3B Octavla St.
FLATS WANTED.
W ANTED^-By family of T J _dui ts, furnished
flat or house; 5 or 6 rooms; near Fourteenth
and Mission sts.; must be sunny. . Box 999,
Call office. ¦ ;.;
FUIIMTURE FOR SALE. ~
njRNrrc RE for- sale— Flat to let; 6 rooms,
; bath, yard. 3570 Seventeenth St., near Guor-
, rero; apply 9 to 11 a. im. > :
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 40. with No. 7
! range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larktn; tel. Polk 334;
\ furniture — furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
' FCRNITURE WASTED.
• TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
J see W. E. CODY. 757, Mission. teL Red 8363.
• CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
[ pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. Jessie < 61. '
• A^WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
j JMce for s<«cond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP ' WANTED— FEMALE.
3. R. HANSEN A CO......:. 7. Phone Grant 185
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........I.
Head waitress, $30; 2 more waitresses, Los
Angeles, $20. free fare; 10 waitresses -for first-
class commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 6 wait-
resses, city. $20; 3 restaurant waitresses, $0
and $7; counter girl, first-class cafe, short
hours, $5 week; 2 lunch waitresses, $3, no
Bunday work.
......:... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
- Housegirl. AlameJa. $25. ¦ nice place, fare
]iald; cook and second. $oS; German girl,
Kureka. $25. fare, paid; houBeglrl, city, $30;
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
MAN and wife as coachman and cook. State
of Nevada. $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Gea ry st. »
A— WANTED
For institution, near city, an experienced
waitress, ' middle-aged woman preferred, to
take care of children's dining room.' ¦ $2».
board, room and laundry. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay. st. ' .
LAUNDRESS, $15: second girl, $25; seamstress,
,$25: woman with a child, $15; two cooks. $30
each; housegirl, $30: housegirl, San Rafael.
$20: light work. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. II
Chambermaids, country hotels, $20, free fare;
waitress, country. $20; 3 laundresses.
WANTED— Working- housekeeper for country
resort to wash> and cook for small number
of people (North German preferred) : state
salary expected. M., box 1055, Call office. -
A FEW experienced operators, and also girls
for Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Goush and Grove ste.
WANTED— Young girl or middle-aged woman'
to mind baby; no washing or., housework:
wages $8. Box 1058. Call office. -
ELDERLY German Catholic woman, house-
work; no washing; must room elsewhere; $15.
7S2 Fulton st. / '
WANTED— Young girt or middle-aged woman
to assist housework and cooking; reference.
Apply 1129 Pierce; Bt.; wages $20.
WOMAN who Is good plain cook to assist with
housework; small family. 16 Devlsadero st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. Ap-
ply 2120 Geary st. ' : .
WANTED— Good ) girl for cooking and general
housework; good wages. Call 3C01 Clay st.
WANTED— Ironer who has worked.. In small
laundries. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st.
WANTED— Girl to tend office and assist in
laundry. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
TWO bright ladles wanted to-day on salary.
Call 2760 Twenty-third st.
GIRL, to assist In housework; no small chil-
drns; wages, $10 to $12. 1527 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS waist hands. 121 . Post St..
room 3. I
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom
coats; good wages. 916 Market St., room 8.
WANTED— An experienced waitress in restau-
rant. 113 Turk st.
WANTED — Gocd sewer, also an apprentice for
dressmaking. 120H Hayes st.
APPRENTICE with some experience on custom
coats. 214 Seventh st
WANTED — A good cook for small private fam-
lly. Apply at 1617 Vallejo st. _^^
GIRL wanted for general housework. SSS O'Far-
rell sU
APPRENTICE girls on custom coats; paid
while learning. 126 Russ st.
WOMAN: general housework; assist cooking:
$15. 1405 Golden Gate avenue.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32^ Frembnt
tU Apply to MR. DAVIS.
A YOUNG German girl as second girl: must
aislst the cook with washing; wages $20. 245
Chestnut St.. between Dupont and Kearny.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS A CO.. 22 Clay st.
LADIES wishing to marry good men call or
write MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis St.: no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. -
HELP Vt 'ANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 135.
RAILROAD WORK
25 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
10 teamsters, Monterev County $2 a day
Coachman and wife, private family, $50 anl
found: farmer and wlte. $33; Indoor man, pri-
vate family. $20; tie makers and wood chop-
!?.?. . .' .' .' .' ." ' HOTEL 'DEPA RTMENT '!"!"!!".'
Chef, $100; meat cook, institution. $45; Ger-
man barkeeper, $12 a week; dishwasher, coun-
try hotel, $25, fare paid; waiter, Nevada, $40
a month
.£; C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
THREE French waiters for first-class place,
country. $11 a week.* C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4*
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Slaughter-house butcher, ranch.. $40 A found
Painter for an Institution
Carriage painter, country shop — $2 50 a day
Farm and orchard hands; choreman; cabinet-
maker; boys for stores
150 woodchoppers and tie makers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, plain, hotel $40 and found;
9 cooks, city and country $30, $40. $10
First and second bakers $14 and $10 week
2 waiters, same country hotel
Restaurant waiters $9 w<?ek
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay street.
A— PORTER and runner, country hotel. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A— BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, country
position. MURRAY & HEADY, 634-636 Clay
st. ' I
A— WANTED—
Washer and starcher. country laundry, $30
and found. W. D .EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED—
For Institution near city, waiter to take
charge of officers' dlnlnc-room. $25, board,
room and laundry. W. D. EWER A CO.,
610 Clay st. ¦ . -
___________ _
Cook and wash his own dishes, small board-
ing-house, country. $40. W. D. EW_R _
CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Head cook, $75; second cook, $50; pastry cook.
$40; for railroad catlner-houue In Arizona, free
fare both ways; see party here; chef, $90;
bellboys, $10; dishwasher, $30, half fare; om-
nibus, country. $15; waiters, country hotel
near city. $30.
JOURNETMEN Barbers' International Union —
Fiee employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152. •
WANTED— Foreman for large tailor shop;
must be experienced" In medium price work.
Call GOLDEN WEST HOTEL, room 344, be-
tween:6:30 and 8 p. m. , ' . .- -
WANTED— A salesman with experience and
ability to sell stoves, tinware, enameled ware,
etc. WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second st. ,
TWO sctlve men for temporary local position
(several weeks) ; salary $3 per day. Addresa.
Manager, P. O. box 1027, Philadelphia.; . •
WANTED— Sober, married German; under-
stands care of horses and make himself use-
ful in store. 13 City Hall square. . ' :
BARBER, first-class, for wholesale district:
, wages $15 a week. Apply H. BERNARD, 104
Seventh st. , .
WANTED— Barber for every Wednesday. Sat-
urday and Sunday. 1303 Castro St.
GOOD young barber, Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 1759 Union st.
BARBER »young man with some experience.
142H Eighth st. -
UNION barber wanted at 222 Gough st. -.. ,
15c BARBER shoo in one of the best stands
in Western Addition ' at a sacrifice; call Im-
medlately. STOLZ. 636 Market st.
BARKEEPER, wanted; must have good recom-
mendations. Apply 45 Third st.
WANTED— A first-class Etove mounter. Apply
at STEIGER A KERR. f>0 Main st.
BOY to carry mail and learn office work; ad-
vancement if competent. Box 1059, Call office.
HELPER for palntlnr; little experience. Call
. 3381 . Twenty-fifth . St.. near, Sanchez.
STRONG . boy not under 16: to the I light one
¦ steady employment. 1136 Mission st."
LUNCH waiter; jnale. ¦ 17 Washington st. ¦
¦WANTED — Man who understands nursery work
and jobbing gardening. 500 Halght st.
WANTED-A cook. 1024 Hyde St.
GOOD dishwasher who can cook short orders;
. call early. ... 30 -Market Ft. .
WANTED— Boys between 16 and 18 years. Cell
at W.iF.;BOARDMAN % S, 113 Davis st.
WANTED— Strong boy for dairy produce store.
:.« Golden . Gate ave. • . ; .
.WANTED— By .* large shipping house, expert-
. enced. cable clerk. Address Immediately box
;iM3,.Cajr office.' " .. -
H — IjI* A.Vl'ISU— MiJlAIiK.
BUTTONHOLE ' makers, operators. : finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.;
call upstairs. j . . . " .
_-»PERIENCED operators on knitting ma-
chines. Apply to J. J. PFISTER KNITTING
CO., 412 Polk st.. near McAllister. San Fran.
Cisco. , / '
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls: Inex-
perienced Instructed. HBTNEMANN & CO.,
- 410 Mission st. . ¦¦ ;-¦ -.-.- :¦¦ ,,-¦; ;-. o. ¦.-- .
SWISS or German .waitress; wages $20 to $25;
must be competent to handle 'business; good
home. 426, Geary St., Home Bakery. .
GIRL for general housework and . cooking, i Ap-
ply 1305 Gough st. '. .... : - -. '.J
GIRL w anted for general housework.' Apply
222S Ciay St.*. corner Buchanan.Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
They tell a story of a woman evangelist
who started in to convert Denver. Colo.
The house was crowded and many men
were present. She lifted a heavy hymn
book and said, "There Is a man In this
room who Is untrue to his wife and I am
going to hurl this book at his head."
Every man In the meeting ducked but one.
The evangelist, spoke kindly to that one,
but he was deaf and dumb.— The School
master.
Convicted Themselves.
GRAND HOTEL.
L T Najdowskl, Chgo
J E Sullivan, R Vista
Misses Longmlre.Colus
G W Pierce. Davisvlle
H H Howard & w.
Medford
A Albery. Colusa*
Mrs N T Blddle. S Jss
J Slevln. Sacto
P J Keeler. Phtla
J T Elliott. Cal
A Glenn, San Diego !
C D Wallbrldg-e, S Dgo
J D Bradley, Merced
W D Tilllnghast, Cal
A G Tlnthoff, Chgo
Mrs Tlnthoff. Chicago
Mrs E O Clements. Ind
J McClusky, Alameda
H A Wright, Stockton
H Felton. Cal
J Coleman. San Mateo
J Debenedette. HalfmB
J Bikersatter. Cal
J J Black. Berkeley
I 8 Hurst. Portland
C XV Henderson, Wash
A Geldest & w. Beston
C G Bonner. Fresno
N Logan. N Mexico
J J Hebbron. Salinas
J B Robinson. Sacto
J Rummelsberg.Wlntrs
Mrs J E Merritt, Wdln
Mrs Merritt. Woodland
C G Huse, Chicago
I H Parter & w, Colftt
J B VanPaiten, Omaha
W C 8t Pierre & w.
Riverside ¦
Z W St Pierre & w.
Riverside
W Rategan. Boston
F C Swarf. Forest Hill
M McWhorter. Kern
A Rlley. Mo
C D Buck, Napa
F M Miinson. Nevada
Dr L D Cross. Stocktn
D B Derby. Vacavlll<»
T L Gates. Vacavllle
C Totheringham, Vacvl
Miss Clark, San Mateo
H E Frost & w. Cal
E Hobart & w. Palo A
Miss Newton, N. Y
H 8 Rowe, 8 Antonio
Mrs W C Potts. Aria
Miss Potts. . Prescott
B S Wood. 8ta Rosa
R A Wheeler, Chgo
G Rhodes, Salt Lake
Dr H Reamer & w. Pa
W M Sell Jr. Cal
C A Washburn. Cal
F C Inness. Cal
G D Fislc. Woodland
Mrs G Fisk Jr. Woodln
G P Akerly & w, Cal
C H Selby. New York
PALACE- HOTEL.
J R Hunter. Phlla
J Robb, Baltimore
C S Morris, N Y
L Thurlow, NY
Mrs S B Brace. Minn
E L Spencer, Provldenc
C E Waite. Stanford
J Grinnell, Stanford
W-A.Woodworth. Denv
Mrs W A Woodworth,
Denver _ . «• .¦
H Baton, Stanford
OB Perry, Stanford
J F Newson, Stanford
T T Williams, Cala
J A Chanslor, Los Ang
E 8 Short, Fresno
R Koehler, Portland
C H Mamham, Portld
J N North, Boston
F P Hogan. Spokane
W Garland, Los An&
E Chambers, Los Ang
Mrs O A Stevens,' Sact
Miss Stevens, Sacto
J V Bell, Houston
S Haas & w, Alabama
H S Mills, Chgo
J Ferguson, Cal
G F Graham, San Jos»
O Naf tzgar, Los Ang
C Kaiser, Los An;
H R Wood & w. Pa
J R Phillips, Stockton
J Fihnell, Tehama
R D H Vroorh, Tehama
P A Davis & w, N Y
Miss L A Lewis. Bostn
C A Poole, Yokohama
C M Fassett & w, Spo
kane
L M Fassett, Spokane-
K Fassett, Spokane
Mrs N Place. Spokane
C E Brown, Cal
Mrs J H Hammond, Cal
Miss Hammond, Cal
Mrs M B Sprague. Cal
Mrs K Sprague, Cal
Mrs Klncald, Cala
F S Forrester, L'Anr
O Stevens, Sacto
S W Scott & w. N Y
L Well, N Y
C R Collins, Seattle-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T J Brown, Pt Reyes
A L Copeland, Dawson
J O-Donnell, 111
F Smith. Ill
J Peterson, Chicago
E W R Pelkey. Manila
C Knudson, Manila
R D Pelkey. Manila '¦
C Hathaway. Sulsun
S C Kenney, ¦ Portland
H Miller. Seattle
T Fallow, Seattle
A Sylvester, Sta Rosa
H Huff & w, Cal
R F Sanborn, Mont
F M Carr. Mont
J G Bode. Redwood
J Vanderlipp, Boston
A Rosenberg, Chicago
S C Ballard. San Jose
HOTEL AUBIVAILS.
Herbert E. Law (owner) with Gullck & Weth
erbee (contractors), architect Albert Sutton —
Plumbing, gas fitting and sewering for altera
tions to a two-story attic and basement frame
residence, on NE corner of Van Ness avenne
and Vallejo street, Nv 67:6, E 27. S 7:6. B 85.
S 60, W 62 to beginning; J2600.
Miss Ida H. Brown and Maud E). C. B.
Hayne (owners) with^Gulick & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect Albprt Sutton— Plumbing.
gas fitting and sewering for a five-story and
basement brick building, on NE line of Fre
mont street. 153:4 SB of Market. SE 45:10 by NE
137:6; J1220.
Builders' Contracts.
Patrick J. H. Hlckey, lot on S line of California
street at NW corner B andiW lot 232. B 27:«
by S 91:8 (S Una of California street. 137:6 E
of Battery, E 27:,8 by 8 91:8); J10. •
¦ Hibernla. Savings and Loan Society to James
and Katie E. Jordan, lot on S W corner of
States and Castro • streets. W 100-by. S 2S:6,
block 15, Flint Tract; $1250.
Maurice M. and Augusta W. Magnus to
Thomas F.: Kennedy, lot on, NE. line of...Twen
tieth avenue south. 75 SB of L street. SB 75
by .NE 100, block 387, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $500.
-Johanna and Rudolf Sproete to Bertha Ballly
(wife of Arthur M.), lot on B line of Tenth
avenue. 160 S of California street, E 120 by S
25: S75<V, _ . -
-Henry Stern to Eliza Stern, lot on W line of
Twenty- fourth- avenue, 300 S of :P street. 8
25 by W 120; plft. :
Catherine E.Hickey> to Reg-lna .M.H. and
Estate of Lucy Armstrong (by J. Wlnterburn
and E. 8. Chapman, executors) to Frederick
Seibel, lot on SW corner of Pine- and Flllmora
streets, W 81:3 'by S 27:6; JU.250.
City and County of Ban Frandsoo to Mary
C. Ilaum. lot on BE corner of Valencia and
Fourteenth streets, S 200 by E 218; also lot on
W lln« of Mission street, 89 N of Fourteenth
N 99 by XV 170; I . ; '
Eliza O. Monson (by M. F. Vandall, commis
sioner) to German Savings and Loan Society,
lot on GW corner of Twentieth street and San
Carlos avenue (Jessie), W 37:8 by S 85; $4750. ;
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Lach
lati and Maggie Mclntosh. lot on NW corner of
Valencia and Cumberland streets. N 25 by XV
ioo:?5ooo. ••¦ • . ¦ :¦• -. ,
Charles H. Sykes (by M. F. Vandall. com
missioner) to German Savings and , Loan So
ciety, lot on B line of Sixteenth street. 100 W
,of Sanchez,. W. 50 by 8 103:8; J3012. -
. Franzlska Lejeal to Louisa J. Miller (wife of
Richard), lot on W line of Sanchez street. 153
N of Eighteenth. N 25 by W 100; gift.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Jamw
M. and Bridget Divlny, lot on N line of Liberty
street, 28:1 XV of Noe, W 24:1V4. N 89:4, B li
inches, N to a point. E 24:ltt. -S 100; J250O. -
1 Same to John P., Louis T. F. and Mary D.
Hlckey. lot on SW corner of Jackson and Du
pont streets, S 23 by W 100; $10.
¦ - George J. Rlckards to William J. Rlckards.
lot on NW line of Clementina street. 120 NEJ of
Second; ' NE . 25 by NW 80; J3500.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
660 Con Cal & Va..2 65 600 Savage .....;... ti
100 Con Cal & Va..2 CO 300 Sierra Nevada. 40
180 Confidence 75 200 Silver Hill. 61
600 Crown Point... 13 100 Silver Hill 50
100 Gould & Curry. 70 50 Standard J 75
100 Hale & Nor.... 26 1400 Union Con 33
200 Justice 11. 600 Yellow Jacket.. 21
¦Afternoon Session.
400 Andes .....V....' 131 100 Gould & Curry. 74
300 Belcher ...;...:. 15 800 Mexican ....... 58
400 Best & Belcher 45 700 Ophir 115
100 Best & Belcher 44 SOO Ophir 1 20
1C0 Best & Belcher 43 600 Overman lg
60 Caledonia.'.."....' 96 200 Potosi 24
60 Caledonia 95 600 Savage 23
100 Challenga Con. 21 100 Beg Belcher.... 06
SOO Challenge Con. 20 200 8ierra Nevada. 41
. 600 Chollar 24 100 Sierra Nevada. 43
1100 Con Cal & Va..2 SO 100 Sierra Nevada. 43
2000 Con Imperial... 03 200 Utah la
60 Gould & Curry. 75 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
The following -were the sales In the Pacifio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
Afternoon Session.
2000 Alpha 05 400 Mexican _.... 61
1100 Best & Belcher 36 1E00 Mexican 60
800 Best & Belcher 35 150 Mexican S3
900 Best & Belcher 37 200 Occidental 10
800 Best & Belcher 41 200 Ophir 110
800 Bullion 03 650 Ophlr 1 03^i
600 Chollar ; 22 750 Ophir 100
600 Chollar 21 200 Ophlr ....: 1 15
1700 C C & Va 2 65 1000 Potosi 21
1250 C C & Va 2 60 1100 Savage 23
- 400 C C & Va 2 67>^ 200 Seg Belcher 09
250 C C & Va. 2 751 800 Sierra Nevada. 40
. 400 Gould & Curry. "0. 400 Sierra Nevada. 89
,400 Hale &. Nor.... 26 800 Union Con 31
150 Hale & Nor.... 25 300 Union Con...... 33
900 Justice 09 600 Union Con 33
800 Mexican ....... 53 500 Union Con...... 3S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BOO Alta .". 07, COO Mexican ....... 67
600 Belcher 14, 400 Occidental OS
700 Chollar *. 23 800 Ophlr '. 115
600 C C & Va 2 80 30O Ophir 1 17%
200 C C &: Va......*85 700 Potost 23
300 Crown Point... 14 1200 Segr Belcher ... 03
200 Gould & Curry. 75 600 Sierra Nevada. 43
800 Gould & Curry. 74 600 Sierra Nevada. 44
400 Hale & Nor 2S S0O Union Con.. 36
1200 Justice 10 9)0 Utah 11
SO0 Justice 11 200 Utah 10
1500 Mexican ....... 661 700 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 OT Justle« »~— ... 10 13
Alta 08 08 Kentuck ....... 01 02
Andes 16 18 Lady Wash.. ... — 03
Belcher ....13 14 Mexican ....... E8 57
Beat & Belcher 42 44 Occidental ..... 09 10
Bullion ......... 04 09 Ophlr .1 15 1 20
Caledonia ...... 96 1 00 Overman .._»... 17 18
Challenge jCon. 20 . 23 Potosi 22 U
Chollar ...'. ?2 23 Savage _. 23 24
Confidence 73 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal St Va-.S 80 2 85 Seg Belcher.... 04 06
Con Imperial... .01 02 Sierra Nevada. 41 43
Con New York. 01 — Silver Bill.....;: 49 (0
Crown Point... 14 15 St Louis........ OS —
Xtareka Con.... SS Standard ........ 95 4 08
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 11 la
Gould & Curry. 74 75 Union Con • »7 89
Halo & Nor.... 27 23 Utah 09 10
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
THE SAN I'KAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY," JANUARY 9, 1901.
13
Tl.ATT.WAV TRAVEL
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves ' San Francisco,' via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK. DAYS.:. .9:15 a..m.;:l:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS."..:.V.8:0O,lO;0O, 11:80 and 1:15 p. m >
Fare, San ; Franolsco to Summit and > return,
tl 40.-..-.:.- /'¦.-. -. •¦¦ - ¦ ¦ • ¦'-¦•:,.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIB NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market ; st, Sausallto Ferry.
INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
MEXICAN
EAGLE PASS^ROUTEi
THB SHORTEST STANDARD . GAUGE
LINE AND FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL" CITIES IN .] . THB1 . UNITED
STATES AND MEXICO.
NO CHANGE. OF CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. THROUGH PULLMAN BUFFET
BLEEPING CARS DAILY BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITT OF MEXICO.
MONTERBT - AND DURANOO. DIRECT
LINK TO MONTEREY, DURANGO, ZACA-
TECAS, AGUA8 CALIENTES, SAN-. LUI8
POTOSI, GUADALAJARA AND CITT .« OF
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT. THE
FRONTIER BT- REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER - DEPARTMENT - TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OF BAGGAGE, EXCHANGE
OF MONEY, ETC. . . .
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION . CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANT AGENT OF, THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, OR
C. K. DUNLAP,
¦ General Freight and Passenger Agent.
C. PORFIRIO DIAZ, Coah, Mcx.
REAL, ESTATE — CO15XTKY— For Sale
AT J4H per acre— SSO acres; nearly all" tillable?
to acres perfect garden soil; some timber:
best watered ranch in the county: good and
complete set of buildings; unequaled loca-
tion for roadside house, hotel, etc., if so
desired: It's an exceptional opportunity; take
tny advice; don't delay. N. D. SICKELS—
the LAND AGENT. 6 Geary tt.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market St..
for circulars of farms and city property.
BARGAINS in country real estate, sale or ex-
change. ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$850— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath: mug t
be sold: 33th »t.. near Telegraph ave.; 16x100.
A. J. ENYDER & CO.. Real Estate, 467 Ninth
rt.. Oakland. Cal.
1760— 4 ROOMS: S3xlOO; must be told. A. J.
gN'TDKR it- rn . 4fT Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTCUB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HO CMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 414—3 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; »lnk and bath.
EIGHTH SIB — Front euite of rooms and
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; bath.
LAKKIN'. S04— Two back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, til; double room. tC
MARKET. IKS. opp. 10th— Large sunny front
alcove, $10; also single. »5.
I MINNA, 6<6— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
j tag; large yard. '
OAK. 12JH— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
i basement floor, with yard; $12.
OAK, IIS — One very eunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; stove, closet, water; JS.
POLK. 717. near Eddy— Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms, $11.
THIRD, €25 — 3 6unny unfurnished rooms {or
housekeeping; use of bath and wash tubs.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt. x
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Kuru. and lufurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms &0c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25o
to tl per night; 11 2^, to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BUCHANAN, 6C4-A few furnished rooms, en
tulte or single; all newly furnished.
BURNETT. J42S Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms: day. 25c up: wk., tl 50 up. Mrs. P. Rar.ft.
BUSH. J1SJ— One large sunny unfurnished room.
"CLINTON." 17 Polk. nr. Mkt.— Finely furn..
en euite. single; reasonable; hot, cold water.
EDDY, 610— Nicely furnished room and •office,
with running water, suitable for a doctor;
»ple.ndld location.
FOLBOM, 623— Large bay-window front room,
nicely furnished with all conveniences, for
; 2 gentlemen ; private- family.
GEARY. 40^The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 40&— Small tunny room;
double bed; closet; gas; t7.
GRAND feOUTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingle; lad!«s' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. Ztt, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and tS; housekeeping, (9.
LAB PALM AS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 8
rms; private; bath; tin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place, IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; eingle or en ruite.
MINNA, 2J7. bet. 8d and 4th (New York House)
Single, double anil housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Nicely furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
fumlehed rooms, 12 a week up; 85c a day up.
i OTARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 EUls St.— Rooms,
night. ZZc to Jl: week. $1 25 to J4; open night.
ROYAL House, 12fi Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to tl CO; week, $2 to
tl; month. JS to JSO; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
• i i. i. ¦
tHERMAN. Apartment House. 28 Eighth sU.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 213. corner Shipley— Sunny front room
by private family; suitable for two.
EUTTER. S20'i — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single rooms, t8: suites. J12 to S25 mo.
Bl'TTER. E7S — Convenient, well-furnished iront
; offices or desirable living rooms.
SITTER. 717. nr. Taylor— Sunny, choice; $11;
appreciated if eeen: baths; plea«e investigate.
TURK. IK— Furnished room suitable for gen-
j tinman. ?5 p»r montW
VALENCIA. 118— Sunny furnished front bay-
window room; suitable for 2; apply upper flat.
VAN NESS ave., 1401 and 1403. NW, cor. Bush
—Elegant Funny suites and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths, telephone, elec-
tric lights: sun all day; gas ranges: running
¦water In every room; will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted and newly furnished to eult.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2100 Fillmore st,
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubsrriptions has been established at 1006
Va'>r"i< st. - - -
ItOOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mans<on, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st., may
be found a mo«t exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and Fiehtly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS A.M) BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG man Juet discharged from army would
like "room and board; home comforts; -will
pay In ad\-ance. Box 367. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FREE clinics for the deserving poor will re-
open Feb. 1 at the Pacific Coast Regular Col-
lege of, Medicine. SIS Howard st.. near ,
Fourth.
BAN FRANCISCO. Deo. 81. 1900-Tbe secretary
of the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society, situated on Halght street, hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan glrla and boys have been received
at the Institution from July 1, 1900, to Janu-
ary l, 1301: Julia Reese, 14 yrs. 4 mos. ; Annie
Hanlke, S yrs. 11 mos.; Mary W. Peterson. 11 ,
yrs. t mos.; Mary P. Ecott. 7 yrs. 6 mos.;
Mary E. Cummlngs. 4 yrs. 4 mos.: HlldaOlsen.
12 yra. 19 mos.- Annie' E. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 4 :noi.;
Herman Hanlke, 8 yrs. S mos.; Willie Ran-
kin, 14 yrs. 9 mos.; Charles A. Peterson, I
yrs. E mos.: Hugh Qavanaugh, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Clarence Cavanaugh. C yrs. ; William J. Scott,
* yrs. 1 mos.; Edward Cummlngs, t yra. J
mos.; Charles J. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Harold
F. Elliot. 7 yrs.; John H, Hansen. » yrs. 2
mos. ; Richard J. Nicholdson, 7 yrs. 4 moa.,
and Stewart H. Elliot. 6 yrs. 6 moa.
THE Pacifio Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice- that they have
admitted Into the Orphanage from July 1, 13&0,
to December SI. 1900. the following named or-
phans ami half-orphans, boys and girls:
Katie Pteln, 12 JTS. 2 moe.; Julia Stein, 10 yra.
f. mos.; Ida Stein. 8 yrs. 3 mos.; A. H. Frank,
11 yrs. 9 moa.; Edna Frank, 10 yrs.; Freder-
ick Bebergall. 10 yrs, 9 mos.; Dora Levy, i
yrs. 7 mos.; Louis Levy. 7 yrs. 10 mos.: Jacob
Phaphran. 10 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Shaphran. 8
yre.; Annie Shaphran. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Bother
Forman. 10 yrs. 6 mos.; Etta Forman. 7 yrs.
€ mop.; Bertha Forman. 5 yrs. 2 mos.; Mollie
Forman, 3 yra. $ mn s . - Frank Shaphran, 4 yrs.
6 mos.; Mary Laser. S yrs. 3 mos.; Augusta
Laser. « yrs. 11 mos.: Celia Laser. 10 yrs. 9
mos.
NOTICE la hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage. t20 Lake et., Ban Francisco, Cal..
has received the following orphans, one-half
orphan , and abandoned girls from Oct. ! 1
1S«, to Jan. 1. 1901. Elizabeth M. Godwin 8
years 4 months: Mab«l Godwin, 7 years 6
months; Grace E. Godwin. 5 years* HUdreth
¦ Clark. IS years: Lillian E. Wood. 11 years 2
months; Ethel Wood, 8 years 7 months- Lau-
ra Schultz. 8 years € months: Myrtle Median,
11 years 2 months: Hazel W. Weet, 6 years;
Zerneene E. Blyth, 9 years 6 months; Edith
M. Clothier. 8 years 7 months; Ruth Clothier,
3 years S months.
BAD tenants ejected for ?4: collections reads-
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO ,
'in M'"tf'-Trerv ft.. rnpm« ?-K: t<-l..r.;*:f).
SEWI3VG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought,' sold and'r?pa!ring guaran-
tecd. Charles Plambeck, 1313 Mission, nr. ISth.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exr-hansrod. re-
paired: open wwfc; tihone Hiack 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold r'ntert, -repaired: ni^dlea and
rhutU'*?: reduced ratPS. 145 Cth;- phone Mint 5.
SLOT MAC I11M:S.
ELOT machine*— Latest etyle; t« each. 11«7
Market et., beU Seventh *ad Elchth.,
SCAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
EAPTCK. ELDRIDGE tt CO..
C33 MAJIKET STREET.
MUST BE SOLD.
the following prcpertlea must be sold to dose
the followir^ estates. Proceeds to be divides
i.:.. : p heirs.
ITAKD AN OFFER— HIGHEST OFFER GETS
THE PROPERTY.
BRANNAN-ST. INVESTMENT.
Estate of David Roy. deceased.
Tour flats cf t rooms each; always rented for
3^2; JT:exiS7:6; close to S. P. depot and
property recently purchased by Santa
Fe Company.
POTTTH PARK INVESTMENT.
I>tau cf David Roy. deceased.
rhree-story brick building, containing I flats of
C roome and bath each; rents SSS.
KATOMA-ET. INVESTMENT.
Estate of J. Klneella, deceased.
CSW — Make offer; 3 Cats cf 8. 4, 8 rooms;
rents 137 60 i>er month; 2fx75.
CLEMENTINA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Estate EUei} N. Richards, deceased.
tTTEO — Four Cats of 5 and 3 rooms; rents f4t M
per month; lot 2£zS0.
FULTON-ST. BARGAIN.
Eetate cf Ann Hayes, deceased.
KSPO— Reduoe4 from J600O; make effer; let
*7 :6xl27:6; 2 fiats and rear cottage.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN WESTERN ADDITION.
Eetate cf Francis L. Wilson, deceased.
JRIOO — Three f.r.e level lots each 17 feet -wide,
on Pert rt.. near Flllmore; street bltum-
ir.lzed; cement walk.
CHEAPEST FLATS IN* THE CITT.
THINK OF IT.
JSTcO EVY6 2 beautiful modern Mission Cats
*-!th porcelain tuba, tile mantels and
every modern improvement.
3000 CASH-BALANCE AT 6 PER
CENT.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE
t2."00— Well-built cottage cf I roctrs and bath,
en ncrth Eide Post st.; lot 23xl3T:6.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
FORCED BALE.
US, 000— Worth J16.<w>C; ii rooms and stable; lot
4Pxl5T:6 feet; eunr.y side street.
Submit all offers to
EASTON, ELDRIHGE * CO.,
€3$ MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION'.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. JANTART ISTH, 1SCL
At 12 e'eiock noon.
At our salesroom, 638 Market rt.
HOWARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 8» Howard st., near Fourth; 2 stores and
riming house. 35 rocme and concrete baae-
trier.t; rents CUf rer month; lot JixSO feet.
NEW MOPERN MISSION COTTAGE.
No. till st., near Twenty-fourth:
sew cott&g* cf € roorr.s and bath; every modern
Improvement; lot £4zT6 feet.
TTKAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. Ul Teiiama st., near Fifth; front house
f rooms anfl rjcrcelala bath, and rear house 4
ft- - - lot :ii>: feet.
DOWNTOWN WAREHOUSE- PROPERTY".
Eouth e'.Se Unlcn tt.: 25 feet eaet of Battery;,
|-ncry and bae^ment brick building; lot 25x60;
block from ICaet et. and all the wLarvet.
MINNA-PT. INVESTMENT.
Nos. TT. 'T.\Il. 7S7U Minna St., near Ninth;
I bay-windowed raodsrn Cats of 6, 5, 6 rooms
«_-. - bath: rents j;:; lot 2C-xB0 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT COTTAGE.
No. tl Chattaoocga «t.. near Twenty-seoond;
T-- well-bu'.lt cottage of E rooms and bath;
lot Clxl2S feet; midst tur.ihlne and Cowers.
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE,
• No. 810 Ftilton et., near Franklin; large ele-
rar.t residence, 10 rooms and bath : every modern
improvement; lot i.S:ix!23 feet to Ash ava.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
No. 29CJ Bush St., near Lyon: large inodera
residence cf £ rooms and bath and flnlshed
basement; let Z'x'Z feet; modern and up-to-date.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
West side Pierce et.. 4S feet south cf Vallejo;
I lets 27:6x112 :€ each; flee marine view.
Further ptrticulerE and catalogues of rale at
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
£23 Market tt.
Baldwin & howelu
10 MOXTGOMERT STREET.
J3M0— Twenty-first •*¦• near Castro; cottage, t
rooms a:.- b&th; lot SCX114.
tlJ.OC-5— Vallt-Jo St.: modern marine view resi-
dence; lot 40x117:6.
JS500— Howard ft. : nicely located residence; S
roome and bath, etc.
131 y^— Fifteenth et,. near Market; two nice
f.ats; rent* J30O per year; lot 22x100.
Ii*r r^— Chestnut st-, near Powell; two-story
residence and two f.2ts; rents J41 per
month.
*T5P cash— two mortgage; can remain; cottage, 4
rooms; rented fJO per month; near Lar-
k!r> and Jarkscn*Ets.; bargain.
JCoOO— Near Washington and Larkin sts.: S
«-jbstar.tia.l flats Sn rood condition; rents
*C2 50 per month ; best bargain offered.
flTSO— Dolores et.; nice cottage, three ruJrns
ar.d bath, pantry, etc.; lot 25x100.
f?7T,G— Prie* greatly r<^Jjcd; cn'.y tOOO caEh re-
quired; two flats, on Sandier st., near
2Jth; f.rst-class repair; rent will pay
the Installments.
tS'<*>— rholce bargain: Bhotwell et.: lot 80x
ir2:6; houfe. 6 rooms and bath; large
ttable, drlveway # etc.
T3500 — Fcr cash; n-w, modern, up-to-date cot-
tape of 6 roome and hath : Frederick et.,
near Arhbury; view.
tie.OOG— O'Farr'Il st.; cr.ly cne block from Tay-
lor; three separate Cats; must b« sold
immediately.
f*00 — House of 4 rooms; very big bargain; one
block frcm Hyde and Union st. cars.
?r75 — Only JSO cash for a very desirable home
lot; nicrly located In the Mission: one
fclo<-k from the electric cars; lots 30x100
each.
Went rJTer— Rents $177 50 per month; 3 new,
*>l*ear.t. hlg-h-clssF. up-to-date flats of 7
end 10 rooms and bath each; e!ghtly
elevation, exceptional surroundings; lot
27:fttl37;6.
•7000— Fulton st.. near Leg-ana; two bouses of
€ toei, bath end basement each and
3 flats in the rear en the small Etreet;
rent |C2; lot 27:6x120.
:-'¦¦"¦>• at., near Fifth; S-ptory frame
building of «tor» below and two floors
above of S room*; rent J50; lot 23x70.
rooo— Oolflen Gate ave.. near Lyon st.; 2 flats '
cf 6 rooms and bath each; rent $42 60* '
£Txn7:6.
CW-Grwn rt.. rear Cough: fine residence of
* rr^ms snd bath, laundry, etc.; Jot 266
X327:«.
J46S0— Herrr.ar.n et.. cear Fl'.lrnore; two 2-story
bay-wln^ow fcous*s cf 5 rooms and bath
mj c~, « ach; rent * t46; lot 25*120 to rear street.
I. €.600 — Bush-et. corner; store below, flat above-
I« r Bxi a do! t0nr hOU " e ' ; tMml " St *
(:7,006— Powell st ; 4 bay-window flats of 7 aad
I rooms and bath each; rents S121 60; lot
tixll'-.t.
GOLDEN GATE PAPE LOTS.
Prating H it., on electric line and KJneteenth-
ave. boulevari; lots any site; terms $10
rr.ontJJjr; Interest t per cent; streets macadam-
ized, on official grade; also gas and water
tervloe; enly K rair.utes to City Hall; cicte to
aU Park attractions.
llcr.fy advanced to help yon build. Call at our
efftee (week dayjs. Sundaj-s or holidays), cor-
r.er H st. and Ninth *.v«.. soutn of Park.
E unset district.
Horse ar.d Eugry at Tour DlrposaL
PP.ICKfl REASONABLE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
". I24.OOO— RENTS I1CJ 50 per month; three ex-
ceptionally well built, modern, up-to-date
French Catt; situated on Jackson St.. near
Lark.Ti: sin-ay* rented: owner must sell
., BALDWIN & HOWELL.
PEnEMPTORT order to eell by non-resident;
4 lots in Richmond that co«=t tSBO each at the
r've-away prW of S125 each; they are «s-
««»i<»ed at ilmnrt double the price asked; Cali-
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Co will
gram certificate. W. J. GUNN. SSO Califor-
nia st.
- THE choicest lots In Richmond with all street
work don* and ready for building offensd at
very low price*: a few stepe from the cable
and electric cars, not far out; I can arrang*
for easy payments; save your mooey In this
¦»«y and rrt your home. W. J. GUNN, &30
California *t., bet. Montgomery and, Kearny.
IF you have property north of th« Park and
you with to sell quickly, then call on W. J
OT.'NN-. izn California, tt.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS. ~~—
EUNNY CORNER.
. FINE HEW.
NE. cor. CTay and Locust sts.. J blocks west
59* Central ave., one block from double track car
l.ne on Facraraento st.; lot 75:6 front by 127:8 ft.
. <i««-p; larce. fine lawn; very solid and conve-
- rriest house of 14 rooms: the first floor is built
!n root «nd cement; fine neighbor*; price only
ft. ...¦¦": easy terms.
.: . THOS. mages & soys, is Montgomery tt.
-¦ FOR esJe-An exceptional banrala in that ele-
- rant 10-room up-to-date residence. 77S Oole
'.,' «t.: elfgantly decorated: open dally.
.-HOUEE ana Jot for esle at a sacrifice; account
rt dprjarture. 16?5 Pert sf
¦' _ _ _
R EA LESTATE COC.VTKV For Kale
;'tANTA CX.ARA Vall-y homes at f^'ajTecr*;
/ r:ch level fruit and vine land at*San Martin
rtetion: new <!»r»nt; tl-VA p'-hool; terms one-
T", .third ca»h. balance iristallrcents or term of'
year* to eult purchaser; such chance unheard
'of before; don't hesitate; write for eatalog-ue
WOOSTER & WHITTON, Can Jo«e. Cai.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers , leavs Broadway
lljk • , - wharf, San Francisco:
Y?2S*>*»_ for Alaskan Port* — 11 a. m .
KS-ggV. J 3 "- U. 18 . «• -*¦ 31. Feb. 5.
l^sSr!*^ Chan<» to company's steamers
F?£s'««ilf jfl J For Victoria, Vancouver (!'•.
fAyfiw^g.fli C). Port Townser.cJ. Seattle,
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes,
and New Whatcom (Wash.> —
- 11 a. m.. Jan. 11. 16. 21. 2B. 31.
Feb. B. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang 1 *
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N*. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoroa
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. rn.. Jaa 8,
13, 18. 23, 28. Feb. 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port L.OS Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Lois OblspoV Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. : steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For - Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right t» change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing-,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Jfontgoi*™
street (Palace Hotel): •
QOODALL. PERKINS & CO. Oen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
fpee Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuu out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stepping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 9:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— €41 Market rtreet and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 111S Broadway, Oak-
land.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Daily.
I. v. Ban Fran. 7:20 a »:0Q a 3:00 p 4:S> p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 i>
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 1:10 p 3:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:08 a
¦ ' Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
*• Tular* ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 8:05 a
•* BksReld . 6:»0 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
-*' Chicago 1:15 p >:Q0p
¦ a for monrtnc p for afternoon.
. 9:00 a. m. train fa the California Umtterl.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cam and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Cha!r Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lora!
first class passengers. No second clafj
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. datiy.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
HODTHRBlt rAl'IVIU CO Jl PANT.
(PAOiriO SISTKM.)
TrslsM !•!*«• •*¦•! nre «!•¦• »• arrlv* ¦•
**>, FltAXt:iM<'o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
uati — From Jahuast 1, 1901. — aukiyi
7iS»a Bcnlclm. Sultan, Elmir». V«c»TtUe, i
Ramsey and Sacramento 7i4>1r
7:3«a Dub, Woodland. Knighti Laadinj.
MarjiTille. Orotllle 7s43r
7>80* Atlantic Express— Ofden sad Ea«t 12ilSp
»:•<» a Martluez. Sau ltamou. Vallejo. Napa,
Callatcca aud Santa Ro» OtlSr
8:00a Nlles, IiTermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Bbockton 7il5r
• :8Oa Shasta Y xprets-DiTls. Williams (for
Bartlott Bprinja), Willows, Red
Blufl, Portland. 7i45r
BtSttA Sau .lose, Lifennore, Alockton,
Ioue, Sacramento. PlaerriiUs,
Murymllln, Chloo, lted ItliifT 4il»r
SiSOa Oakdalr, Chinese, Souora. Carter*... 4il3r
»:OO* HajwarOa. Nile* and Way Htations. lliHt
ViUUtLus Angeles Kipresi — MarUnes,
Tracy, Latiirop, Mtockton, Merced
Fresno aud Los Angeles 7x1.1 r
OiSOa Vallejo, Martinez and War Htations Stl.ir
IO:»Oa The Orexland Limited— Osden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago •:4^r
1 I:OOa Nlles, Stookton, Hacramouto, Men-
dots, Fresno, Uanford, Vlaalla.
Portonrllle «»'»*
, IIiOOa Ukermere. Banger. Goahen Juno-
- tion, B»k ersdeld, Los Angeles
fl:OOr Saoramento Itlior 8to»uier» fS:O*A
!l:OOr Hay wards, Nllet and Way Station*. O:*»r
4. OOp Martinez, Ban ltamou, Vallejo,
Napa, UalUtnia. Santa ilota Hil3»
•i.oor Bentcia, Winters. Haotamenlo,
Woodland, Knights Landluc.
MaryiTllle, Orotllle »•'«?
4i30r HtTWiTds, Mies and SanJose t»»4."»A
5:00p Nlles, lifermors, Stockton. Lodl ... 10(43*
8 5:OOr Huairt Limited, El Paso, l»sw
Orleans and Eaat sIOiISa
OsOOrThe Owl Umited— Tracy, Fiesno.
BakersBeld, Bangui for Santa Bar-
bara. Lot AnKelet lOil.li
BtOOr New Oileanf Eiprets-naker»«eld.
Hauta Barbara. l.os Augeiet, Dera«
Ing. £1 Paio, New Ocleaus and
. . - Eaat , -2 1 * 0 *
B:OOp Haywardi, Nlles and Ban Jon...... 7i49 a
t«:OOrVatIe]o... 11:43*
oi«or Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago IStlSr
6«00p Oriental Mall-OgdeB, D*n<r«r.
Omaha, Chicago 4il»r
7:00r Oregon and California Uxprets.Hao-
iitmeiitu. MarysvllU. UaiMlug.
rortlmiuf, Fuget Hound and Kask Bi43a
SiOilrSan Pablo, Pork Costs, Martines
and Way Stations ! 11i43a
1«iO3p Vallejo 7;43r
COAST IIITISIO.1 (Narrow <ian«e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
»:I3a Neffark.CentertIlle,H»n Jot «, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Bauta Crux and Way
Stutlon* •'»•»
failSr Newark, Oenter»llle. Sau Joae. New
.Almaden, Felton, Itoolder Creek,
Santa Cm* and Principal Way
Buttons t«»'3°*
4>13p Newark, Ban Jose. Los Gatos b:30a
aB:SOr HunUrs' Exenrslon. San Jose and
WayBtatlona t"« a O*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIX rsmiSCQ— r««t if Mtrkit Strut (3!1> !)—
t7:16 9:00 11:00*. u. 1:C3 1:33 8:C3p.m.
rromOUUHO— foal »f Brtxiwij.— 1«:00 18:00 tS:03
10:00i.n. 13.00 8:03 1:00 B:l8r.M.
COAST IHYISION (Broad (Jaa S »).
(Third and Townsend 8t».)
|OiIOa Ocean View, Houth Man tranciaco.. tttsaor
7:OO* Bail Jose ami Way SUtions (Nsir
Almadeu Wednesdays only) IiSOr
¦¦••a flan Jnse. Tres Plnos. Hania Cruz.
Paclila Oroie. l'aio Itoblei. Dan
I.uls Oblnpo. Hnrf. Lompoo aud
Principal War Stations «ilO»
IOi4»* Ban Juts aud Way Statioui «:33a
IIiBWa Han Jote aud Way Station! »i3«r
t3>48r San Mateo, IUdwood, Menlo Park.
- . Palo Alto. Santa Clar*. San .lose. I
Tres Plnos, Santa Unix. Balinas.
Monterey aud racllio Grove flO:S«A
JS:>Or 8»n Jots aud Way Stations 7i3»r
4: 15p San Jo»e aud Principal Wayfltatlont »:43a
t3:OOr8an Jote, Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtions...'. !»:•«»»
StSOp SanJose and Principal War Stations »:3J*a
tt:»»r Sau Jote aud Way Stations t"'"<>*
all;45p Sau Jose and Way Statlops 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Hundar excepted. ¦ . t Sunday only.
• Mondays, Wednesdays, 'Fridays. •
e Tuesdays, Thursdajs, Sundarv -\ ¦-
a Saturday onlj. =¦ . , , • v .;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LjESSEjEJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. -
Tlburon F«»ryi Foot of MarKct St.
Snn Francisco to 6an Rafael.
TIBTJRON FEKHY— FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a, m. ; 12:33. 1:30.
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 v. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00, »:30, U:0O a. m.; 1:30, S:SO. 5:00.
6:20 p. rn.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
¦WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:60. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. xn.; 1:40. S:4D. B:08.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Park,
same schedule as above.
Leave | In Effect I ArrlT*
Ban Francisco. I Nov. 7, 1900. I Ban Francisco.
Week I Bun- I J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destlnatlonr| daya. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am t:40 am
3:80 pra 9:80 am Petaluma. «:06 pm 10:23 am
! 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Panta Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:13 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllls-,
8:39 pm 9:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm <:31 pm
7:30 am j Hopland I j ~~
1:00 am( and Uklah. 7:33 pm| 6:M pm
7:30 sun ' 10:23 am
1:00 am GuemerlUa, 7:38 pm
8:30 pm ¦ 1:13 ptn
7:30 am 3:60 am . Sonoma 1:15 am 3:40 am
and
6:18 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:08 pm 6:13 pea
,7:80 ami 1:00 ami 110:40 am|10:t8 am
1:30 pm| 6:00 pm| 8«ba«topol. | 7:SS pm| 6:22 pm
Stares connect at Banta RoiU'ror Mark TVest
8prlnrs and "White Sulphur Bprlnra; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnrs; at
OeyservlU* for Bkarxs 8pringi; at Clove rdals
for tna Ocysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Bprlncs, Kelawirrille, Carls-
bad Bprlnss, Soda Bar, LsJce>ort and Bartlett
Bprlnrs: at inciah for Tlchy Spring*. Saratoga
Bprlng-s, Blue Lakra, Laurel Dell Lake, fritter
BprlngB, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter VaJUy,
John Day's. Riverside. LJer1ey*s. Bucknell'a,
Banhedrln Heights. HullTlUe, Orr*a Hot Springs.
Mendocino City, Fort BnKK. "Westport. Uaal
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cumrnings, Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ . • ,
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at -half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St., Chronicle build-
inc. R. X. RTAN.
H. C. WHITIXO, O«n. Pass. Art.
Gen.' Manager.
you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn- ,
ing at 9 o'clock. T-
California.
fuimi xgo
On the Santa Fe
rick Haberli. father of William T., George
; XV. and the late Frederick ;V. Haberli and
Mrs. F. F. Boyd. a native of Switzerland,
j aged 6S years 5 months and 13 days, r -
K7Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of Lincoln Post. No. 1. G. A. R.. and mem-
bers of Musicians' Union are respectfully lu-
vlted to attend the funeral to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, from B*nal B'rlth Hall.
121 Eddy street.. Interment Laurel. Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin
& Co., IIS Geary st.
JOSLIN— In this city, January 8. 1801. Charles
A., husband of Adella Joslln, and son of the
late Alfred end Nancy Joslln, a native of
lilackstftne, Mass., aged 62 years 7 months
and 8 days.
ITT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday/, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 266G Mission street.
Mission Masonio Temple. Interment National
Cemetery. Presidio.
KELLNER (nee FOSTER)— In this city, Janu-
ary 8, 19C1, Mary Ellen, dearly beloved wife
of Clifton Georce Kellner. a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years and 15 days.
¦ B^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 708 California street, thence to St.
Mary's (Paulist Fathers) Church, northeast
corner of California and Dupont streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 19 o'clock, thence to Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, January 7. 1901, John F.,
dearly beloved son of 'the late Michael and
Mary Kelly, and brother of James and Annie
Kelly and Mrs. Stephen A. Gill, a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years. '
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1126 Pacific street, near Jones,
thence to St. Francis Church, Vallelo street
and Montgomery avenue, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemeterr.
KNIGHT— In Oakland, January .7, 1901. Emma
Jane, beloved wife of W. H. Knight, and
mother of Allen, Frederick XV.. Eva F. and
Harriet B. Knight. Mrs. J. E. Farnum and
Mrs. E. B. Emery, aged 72 years and 2
months.-
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvfted to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, l'OO Webster street. Oakland. In-
terment private.
KOSKY— In this city, January 8. 1901, Katie
Kosky. beloved mother of Willie Kosky,
daughter of Mrs. Brodwisky, and sister of
Mrs. Annie Cunningham, a native of Santa
Cruz, ared S3 years.
LARRABEE— In Ogden, Utah, January 5, 1901,
Jeanette 1., beloved and only child of George
¦ C. and Margaret C Larrabee, a native of
Oakland, aged 9 months and S days.
LEE— In this city, January 8, 1901, Henry Lee,
a native of Chile, aged 45 years. • .
[E7Remain3 at Metzler's funeral parlors,
636 Washington street. . • -
LEVY— Entered into rest/ in this city, January
7, 1901, Alphonse J., youngest and beloved sttfi
of Rabbi and Mrs. M. S. Levy, and brother of
Sol J., Herman M. of Honolulu, Miriam B..
Ida T. and Welcome Ray Levy, a native- of
California, aged 22 years and 6 months. ' -
ETFuneral to-morrow . (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the family residence, 1369 Post
street, and thence by 11:30, o'clock train to
New Halem Cemetery for interment. Please
omit flowers.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January », 1901,
Elizabeth, beloved sister of John and Peter,
McCarthy, a native of Klnsale. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 27 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 26 Hampton place, off Folsom
street, between Second and Third, thence to
ft. Patrick's Church, where a requiem hign
mass will ba celebrated for the repose of her
soul at- 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
McDONNELL— In this city. January 7. 1901.
Mollie, beloved daughter of John and Mary
McDonnell of 13 Isis street, and dearly be-
loved sister of Patrick J., William- J.. Mar-
garet and Charles J. McDonnell and Mrs.
Valentine Fath of Livermore. a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 3 months and 13
days. ,
K7"The funeral will take place- this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MECREDY— In this city, January 8, 1901. Elisa-
beth, beloved wife of the late Alexander
Mecredy, and mother of Alexander, Henry
R., John, William N., Joe and Magpie Me-
credy. Mrs. XV. R. Hughes of Los Angeles
i and Mrs. Agnes J. Schultheta, a native of
County Down. Ireland, aged 75 years.
.tETFuneral services and interment private.
MOWRY— In this city, January 7, 1901. Laura
¦ A. Mowry,- beloved mother of pilen M. and
George B. Mowry, and aunt of Evelyn F.
Steere, a native of Rhode Island, aged 74
years 3 months and 7 days.
ETTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from Westminster
Presbyterian Church, corner of Webster" and
Page ptreetn. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, January 7, 190L John
O'Connor, dearly beloved son of William and
Catharine O'Connor, and brother of James.
William Jr., Mary. Frank, Matthew, Edward
and Gertrude O'Connor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 2 months and 26 days.
RENNER-In this city, January 7, 1901, Charles
F. Rerner, beloved husband of the late Min-
nie' F. Renner, ' and father of Harry, Fred
I and Joseph : Renner, . a native of Switzerland,
aeed 50 years. '
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral. this day
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1187 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment L O.
O. F. CeroeteiT; ¦*•%. »
RITSON— In this city, January 8. 1901. Edward
Rltson, a native of Jamaica, aged 64 years.
SPOONER— In this city, January 5, 1901, Cora
L. Spooner. a native of Massachusetts, aged
17 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2668 Mission street.
Mission Masonlo Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
TATE— In this city, January 7, 1901. Margaret
B. Tate, beloved mother of Mrs. Emma Gard-
ner of Orange, Cal., a native of Pennsylvania,
nsred 78 years. " •
UTTLEY— In this city, January 7, 1901, Dr.
William G., beloved husband of Elizabeth
Uttley, a native of Sheffield, Yorkshire. Eng-
land, aced 62 years.
C^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car at 1:30 o'clock, from corner
Guerrero and Twentieth streets.
WALSH— In this city, January 8. 1901, John,
dearly beloved husband of Norah Walsh, and
father of Thomas i., Gregory L., Mary, Mar-
garet. Paul D. and Cecelia Walsh, a native
of the city of Cork, Ireland.
ZZT Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 333 Pierce street, between Page and
Oak, thence to Sacred Heart Church, Fell an.l
Fillmore streets, jwhere a requiem masa will
be celebrated forthe repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. . _^_-
WEBB-In city, ¦ January T, 1901, Edgar,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Webb, and
father of Grade Webb, a native of Virginia,
aged SS years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are ' respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J. CV O'Connor ft Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Om«tery, *
WILLIAMS— In this city, January 7. 190L Mar-"
tha Elora. daughter of Mrs. M. B. and the
late John E. P. Williams, and sister of Susie
• *E., Tom Flnley and John B, P. William* Jr.,
a native of Merced, Cal., aged 28 yean 6
months and 20 days.
CITFriends are -respectfully Inrlted to at-
tend the funeral servloes this day (Wednes-
day), at % o'clock, at the family residence,
. 1018 Powell itreet. Interment, at Merced. Cal.
WOLFE— In this city, January 7, 1901. James
E. Wolfe, beloved husband of Elizabeth W.
Wolfe, and father of John. Charles B. and
George H. Wolfe. Mrs. Mary A. Hasty and
Mrs. Nathan Dodge, a native of Baltimore,
ared SO years and 2 months.
(17 Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pythian Cas-
tle. 917 Market j street. Interment Odd Fel-
•• lows' Cemetery. . '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXY ST. Established
In IS34 for tha treatment nf Private
Diseases. Lmt Manhood. Debility or
>1lxeas* wearing nn body »nrt nilnd and
Slcln Diseases. The Doctor cores when
others fall. Try him. Charrea low.
Currt cunruntrrtl. Callor writa*,
fir. J. *'. til n BO. N . sau Francisco, Cal.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYB-«:65. *9:15.. 11:00 'a. m., 1:43.
1:15. 4:00. 6:15. ?8:15, «:40 p..m.~-.^.\~ . . ;
EXTRA TKIPS-For : Mill -Valley and Ban
Rafael on • Mondays,- * 'Wednesdays . ' and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. .,',--,,,;. ¦
SUNDAYS-*3:C0. 10:00. , «U;W • a. m.. «1:1L"
8:15.»4:45. 6:S0, 9:00 p. m. ;* :,. .. •
Trains marked (•) run to Bin Qumtln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN -FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 8:20. *«:3O. 7:46. »:S0 a. m.
•12:30. 1:45. •3:30.4:30. 5:20 p.* m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednetdayi
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20. '8:00. »10:00, »11:» a. ml
•1:40. ••2:15. 4:4«. •«:«> p. in. *
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Qnentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-«:45. 1:45. 7:55. V^«Tra
12:83,. 2:10. 8:30. 4:54. 5:2>-p. m. '
- EXTRA TRIPS on < Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:30 p. rn. ' >
:::'< - THROUGH TRAINS.
.6:65 a. rn. week' days — Cazadero and way
stations. . -
1:45 p. pi. Saturdays— Tomalts and way
stations. ¦ <i;cs?.'E-..'
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomale* and. way
stations. HHmMBs&SnSflSSHbi
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
InnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13, 23. Feb. 2
GBO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8, 18. 23
Short Lin* to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eaat.
.'". --'.:»: E. C WARD. General Agent.
(30 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXQKOXO, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
68. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 24. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 13, 1301
S3. AMERICA MAJtU
Friday, March 15, l»n
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
til Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Step-ping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcm New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington .....Jan. SlVaderlancl Jan. Sft
Noordland Jan. 1* New Tork Feb. S
Friesland Jan. 23i Kensington Feb. 13
RED STAR LINK.
Naw York, and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 Noon.
Kensington Jan. SiSouthwark Jan. 30
Noordland Jan. 1« Westernland ...Feb. 8
Friesland Jan. ZZ\ Kensington Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAILOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast,
to Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R.-H5e
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Far*— Cabin, ITS: Steerage. $40.
S. S, HO AN OXE sails January 3,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails Jaauiry 29.
Trom wharf, foot of Fremont «t., at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, S30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanic s.s. co. aessas
EA ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
+ Wednesday. January 13. 3 p. m.
83. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, January 23. at 9 p. m.
63. AU8TRALIA, for Tahiti
Friday. February S, 4 p. m.
1. D.SPRECKEIS k BROS. CO., Gsavai Aunts. 32? Market St
6«3'l PasEiigar Otto, S 13 Karkst St, Pisr Us. ?. Picfi: St
C0MPAQNIE GESTSRALB TIU53ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT ZXST1 TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead or iSfn32i
Saturday, at 10 a. m,. from Pier 43. •*»**»*»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. J53 and upward. Second class to
Havre. |43 and upward. GENERAL AQENCf
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3S
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUOAZI it CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenne. San Francisco. Tickets
¦old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Mortticetio."
MOM.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:U
a. m.. 4:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p.* m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsslon-streat Dock.
PUr No. 1 Telephone Main 1308.
FARE ...;.. Me.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERaE^RTttJoLPH^^
ofllce. Pott and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
WILSOX BROS., storage and moving; covered
. vans. . Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission it ;
tel. Main mO; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, {4 50 a
¦et; electrical work installed. 1536 Pt. Lobos.
iaTVyEWmTKRS A\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGMNS^^TTYplHw^T^E^S^We
Bell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E3C California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st. -
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVliJEND^^TlCE''lTn^
Bank of San Francisco.— At a regular meeting
of the Board of Directors of this Bank, held
January 8, 1901, a dividend was declared for
the half-year, ending 31st December, 1900, at
the rate of seven <7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th lnst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
inst., both -days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 8, 1901.
DIVIDEND yOTICE-Californla Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery 'ets;— For the six months ending
December SI, 1900, dividends have been de-
clared on deposits In the savings department
cf this company as follows:' On term de-
posits n.t the rate of 2 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at tha rate of
8 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and pay-
able en and after Wednesday, January 2.
1801. Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear the Fame rate of dividend
as the principal from and after Jsnuary 1.
1901. J. DALZELL DROWS. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend, No. 25, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Calif or-
n<a Etreet. San Francisco, on January 10. 1901.
Transfer bocks close January 3 1301. at noon.
. A. A. SPARKS. x
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 23 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauha'u Sugar Plan-
tation Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 827 Market St.. on and after
Thursday. January 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Thursday. January 3, 1901, at 3 o'clock
P. m. E. ri. RHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
V. S. ENGINEER Office. Flood building,
San Francisco, Cal.. January 8, 1901. — Sealed
proposals for building wing dams in Sacra-
mento River, between Sacramento, Cal., and
mouth of river, will be received here until
12 noon, February IS. 1901. Information on
application. XV. II. HEUER. Lieut. Col. En-
gineers.
U. S. ENGINEER Office, Flood building.
San Francisco. Cal., January 8. 1901.— Sealed
proposals for building steam vessel will
be received here until 12 m., February 8,
1901, and then opened. Information furnished
on application. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS,
Major Engineers.
MAERIAGE LICENSES. '
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Herman Christ, 24. 1118 Market street, and
Anna P.arckow, 24, 526 Indiana street.
Charles L. Hofrue, 2S, 903 Sutter street, and
Mao K. Jesson, 21, city.
John S. Ferrier. 22, 156 Golden Gate avenue,
and Mae Grady, 19, 1109 Vallejo street.
Hazlltt L. Telton, 21, 2324 Sutter street, and
Anne E. Fuller. IS, city.
William C. Dennett. 24. 850 Howard street,
and Maria Ferreira. 21. 850 Howard street.
¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ;
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DUPERU— In this city, January 1. 1901, to the
wife of Alphonse M. Duperu, a daughter.
JOHNSON— In this city, December 25. 1900, to
the wife of Nels J. Johnson, a daughter.
EOLVIN— In this city, January 6, 1901, to the
w}fe of Charles G. Solvin, a son.
DEED.
Ahlgren, Carl E. Lee, Henry
Barrett. Thomas Levy, Alphonse J.
Cahill. Martin McCarthy, Bllzabeth
Christy, Augusta McDonnell. Mollie :
Clark, Carrie M. Mecredy, Elizabeth
Crimroins, Daniel F. Mowry, Laura A.
Ehm. Rosle A. "O'Connor, John
Eiehler. Edward Renner, Charles F.
Gaxdella. Glovanna Ritson. Edward
Haberli. Fredrick Spooner. Cora L.
'Joslin. Charles A. Tate, Margaret E.
Kellner. Mary E. Uttley. Dr. Wm. O.
Kelly. John F. Walsh. John
Knlsht, Emma J. Webb. Edsar .
Koeky. Katla Williams. Martha E.
, Larrabee, Jeanette I. Wolfe. James E.
AHLOREN— In this city, January 7. 1901, Carl
Emll Ahlgren. beloved son of Carl N. P. and
Ella Ahlgren. and brother of Esther Ahl-
gren, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years
S months and 1 day.
ETKriends ana acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully in\1ted to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parentB. "25 Gates street.
BARRETT— In this city, January 7, 1901,
Th'-mas, beloved husband of Julia Barrett,
and father of Thomas and " Annie Barrett,
Mrs. Mary Hogan, Mrs. William Gordan and
Mrs. I>. A. McDonoId. a native of County
Galway. Ireland, aged 61 years.
jC7"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:^0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 46 Arlington street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church Etreets, where services will be held
for tlia repose of his soul, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CAHILL— In San Mateo; January 6, 1901. Mar-
tin, Infant son of Lawrence and the late
Annie Cahill, a native of San Mateo, aged 10
days.
CRIMMINS— In Admore, South Dakota, Octo-
ber 31, 1S0O. Daniel F., beloved son of Corne-
lius and Catherine Crimmlns. and brother of
Thomas A. and Lizzie Crimmlns. Sister The-
resa Mera acd the late Mrs. Mary O'Brien.
Mrs. Bridget I'alln and Timothy Crimmlns, a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 43 years.
tcyThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
•street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his eoul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, private.
CHRISTY— In this city, January g, 1901, Au-
gusta, be-loved wif« of the late Robert
Christy, and mother of Mies Emma Christy
and Mrs. Robert McGahey, a native of Bres-
lau, Germany, aged 67 years 5 months and 8
days.
(tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. Robert McGahey. 621
Douglass street, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery-
CLARK— In this city, January 8, 1901, Carrie
M., beloved wife of Frank A. Clark, and
daughter of the late Colonel F. G. B. Tlttel,
a native of San Francisco. (New York pa-
pers please copy.) - - - .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 109 Oak street, thence to St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton street, between Webster and
Flllmor©, for servloes. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
EHM— In this city. January t, 1901, Rasl« A.,
beloved wife of Paul • J. Ehm and mother of
Paul. Roele, Flossie, Ella, Oscar. Dora an-J
the late Charles, George and Eugene Ehm, a
native of Danzig, West Prussia, Germany,
a;ffi SS years 7 month? and 29 daya.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday); at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of -II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pone of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BICHLER— In Mount Eden, Alameda County,
January 6, 190L Edward, dearly beloved hus-
band of Louise Elchler, and father of Millie
Elchler and Mrs. Fred Hellwlg (formerly
Emma Eichler). a native of Vienna, Austrla-
Hungary, aged 78 years 9 months and 19 days.
JCTFrlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Mount Eden, thence to Union Church
for services. Interment at Mount Eden.
GARPELLA— In this city. January 8, 1901, Glo-
vanna Gardella, beloved wife of , Giuseppe
Gardella. a native of .Orero, Italy, aged 63
i V^Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at I o'clock, from the Italian
Church. Sts. Peter and Paul's, corner of Fil-
bert and Dupont streets. Interment' Holy
Cross Cemetery- N. B.— At 10:30 o'clock Jan-
nary 10, 1801, there will be celebrated a re-
quiem high mass : for the repose of her soul.
«Plea*e omit flowers.
HABERLI— In Vallelo, January 7. 1901 Fred-
HENRY J.. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flarinagan"&' Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School.'
Telephone South 80.
I. McAVOY & CO., . I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
12S9 Market st., between Sth and Sth. I
Telephone South 247.; IStevedore Injured.
While at work on the steamer Pomona
yesterday Joseph Rodgers received what
may- ; possibly '--prove fatal » injuries. A
Bcantling ; fell : cut of a sling and strucK
him on the head;\fracturing his Jaw and
also v - probably fracturing his skull. Ai
the ; Harbor ' Hospital he - was treated by
DrB... Putnam- and .Bauer and was later
Mat -'to -the 'City, and County Hospital.
The Iaqua Investigation.
Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers Bolles
and - Bulger . will hold an inquiry into * the
wreck of the steam schooner ¦ Iaqua to
morrow afternoon. Some sensational tes
timony is expected, and In any e^ent the
blame for the disaster will be placed
where It belongs. The Iaqua still lies at
Mission Rock, and j the Christmas trees
with which she was decked when leaving
Eureka are still at her masthead. It Is
doubtful whether anything will be done
with the vessel until after the Inquiry Is
finished. ; -
SAYS SOUTHERN PACIFIC
.*:':•':- HAS OVERCHARGED HIM
J. Heinlen of I/smoore Seeks Satis
faction From the Railroad
Commissioners.
The Railroad Commissioners held a
short meeting yesterday afternoon, ex
pecting to hear from the Attorney Gen
eral, to whom was referred the evidence
in the oase of the Los Angeles Traffic As
sociation against the Santa Fe Railroad
Company for alleged discrimination In
rates. No opinion was at hand, however,
and it was learned that Mr. Ford had
gone to Sacramento." ¦
The only other matter to come up at the
meeting was a communication In the form
of a protest from J. Helnlen of Lemoore.
who alleges that the Southern Pacific has
been overcharging him for the transpor
tation of old street railway cable, which
Helnlen purchased for ' Junk. He says It
cost him $99 13 to get flfteen'reels of the
cablo transported from this - city to Le
moore.' He desires that the Commission
ers Investigate the charges and set a fair
price to te paid. The board decided to
have a copy of the protest sent to the
Southern Pacific Company, together with
a request to explain the circumstances of
the czse.^':'l\^^-
Auditor Wells transmitted a statement
yesterday to Mayor Phelan showing the
comparative cost of maintenance of hta
office for six years past. In 1894 the ex
penses were $13.675; ! 1S95. $15,245 70; 1896,
$15,067 49; 1897. $14,895 01; 189S, $14,800; 1899,
J13.C00; 1900, $13,624 34. The cost of figur-
Ing the assessment In roll In 1S94 was
S1S.009; 1S95, $12,972 21: 1896, $15,609 3fi; 1897.
J11.3G9 19; 1S98, $13,716 10; 1899. $13,D99 43;
1S00, $13,171 79.
Expenses of Auditor's Office
Mrs. Hattie B. Steele, for many years a
lecturer In the public schools of this city,
will deliver an Interesting lecture In the
parlors of the Occidental Hotel this even
ing under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals, Mrs. Steele will tell of
the good work dono by the society since
its organization, and her address will be
illustrated with stereoptlcon'vlews.
Another pleasing feature of the evening
will be the presentation to littlp Elmer
Locke of a handsome badge voted him by
the society, he having lost a leg In trying
to save a pet doft from car wheels. An
artificial limb will also be presented him.
Chamber of Commerce Election.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
clsco held Its annual election yesterday
and the following officers and trustees
were unanimously elected: President,
Gearue A. Newhall; first vice president,
.Henry F. Allen; second vice president.
William E. Mlghell; trustees-Wakefleld
Baker, E. R. Dlmond, W. J. Dutton, A. B.
Field. William L. Gerstle. William Haas,
C. Osgood Hooker. William H. Marston,
George W. McNrar Jr., H. Rosenfeld, A.
G. Towne and Charles M. Yatcs.
HONORING BRAVE
ELMER LOCHE
Medal for Kindness to Ani
mals Is to Be Presented
• to Him.
SON OF RABBI LEVY
IS STRICKEN BY DEATH
In Flower of His Youth Alphonse J.
Levy Falls Victim of I>read
Appendicitis.
In the passing of Alphonse J. Levy, sec
ond son of Rabbi M. S. Levy of the Con
gTegatlon Beth Israel, local society will
feel a severe loss, none the less poignant
In that it came suddenly.
On Monday afternoon Alphonse J. Levy,
popular, young and good looking, died
after an Illness of three days at the Wal
deck Sanatorium, a victlrn of appendicitis.
On Thursday last the deceased was taken
111. The night before he had been elected
marshal of Bay City Lodge, N. S. G.
TV. He had been a member of the so
ciety for but seven months. His univer
sal popularity, however, procured for him
this signal honor.
Shortly after his arrival home on Wed
nesday night young Levy complained of
terrible pain in his side. Skilled physi
clans, hastily summoned and who fought
death until the end, pronounced the dis
ease appendicitis. The case was almost
hopeless from the first, but the physicians
fought bravely, though In vain.
The deceased- was a prominent factor In
the china department of Nathan, Dohr
mann & Co. The firm nad promised to
advance him ere long, but death cut short
these plans.
• The funeral will take place at 10 o'clock
to-morrow from the family residence,
1359 Post street. Interment will be in New
Salem Cemetery, a special car conveying
the body to the burial place.
Broadway Grammar School and If succes
cessful will be extended to other grammar
schools.
The recent heavy wind and storm, did
damage amounting to 13500 to the public
school buildings. The walls of the South
End School are bulging out dangerously
and may topple over almost any time.
Nearly every window in the school was
broken and the fences surrounding the
premises demolished. Part of the roof of
the Grant School was blown off and the
rooms flooded. The tin roof of the Starr
King School was torn off and the chim
ney in the Fairmount School was blown
down. • ,
Bults for divorce were filed yesterday
by Llllie May Malley asain*t Christoph-r
3. Malley for cruelty. Julia E WilHe
apinst Thomas B. Wilkle for don "rt hi
Marraret M. Evans against John R Ev
ens for failure to provide. Grace A Meyer
apairiFt William A. Meyer for failure to
£mV^ A t J -. Gi<irt 1 in^ «Ra1nst Sarah K
Glddinps for desertion and Marv Rundeli
¦JErtKt John Rundeli for failure to pro-
Dalay M. Robinson was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Mace L. Robinson
on the ground of desertion.
In the IWvorce Court.
Daingerfield Nears Election.
.Tudpe Dalngrrfield is gearing election.
During the recounting of ballots yester
day he gained 21 votes in his contest of
the election cf Thomas F. Graham This
leaves Judge Daingergeld but 18 votes be
hind his opponent. Eight precincts were
counted and in seven of them Judge
Daingerfield pained votes.
SCHOOL TEACHERS
TO BE ASSIGNED
Recent Promotions Necessi
tate Immediate Ap
pointments.
The board is preparing to Inaugurate a
plan of having no home study as an ex
periment. The plan will be tried In the
Charles D. Snelder. a biologist and a
graduate of Stanford University, will as
s: ic charge of the study of biology in the
Lowell High School, which has 130 new
nuplls. The Polytechnic High School has
thirti'-fl ve new pupils, but no additional
teacher will be assigned there, as the
elapses are not crowded.
The Board of Educatlpp- will assign sev •
era! High. School teachers to positions at
its meeting this morning. Miss Mary
Allen will take a class in the Mission High
School, to which fifty pupils were pro
moted from the advanced eighth grades.
Miss Laura Daniel and Miss II. L. Leszyn
eky will be assigned to the Girls' High
School, whose attendance has been In
creased by 101 new pupils.
Honored by Fellow-Cottntrymen.
H. Soejlma, editor of the New "World,
which has a larger circulation than any
other Japanese 'publication issued in this
country*, was la*t night banqueted and en
tertained In royal style by his countrymen
at Golden Gate Hall on Ellis street. The
occasion of the banquet was the eighth
anniversary of the founding of the New
World. Dr. Krozawa acted as president
of the evening and started the programme
by paying a glowing tribute to the abili
ties of Editor Soejlma. Mr. Obapa deliv
ered an address in English, and was fol
lowed by G. Harada, who spoke in Japa
•"neae.
YESTERDAY evening Mayor Phe
lan announced the various ap
pointments he had made to fill the
vacancies In the' city commissions
and boards, the list being as
follows:
Board of Public Works, Marsden Man
son, reappolnted.
Civil Service Commission, P. H. McCar
thy, reappointed.
Board of Education. C. W. Mark, re
:ippointed.
Police Commission. Colonel J. R. Howell,
io succeed Dr. McNutt. .
Fire Commission, M. H. Hecht, reap
polnted.
Election Commission, A. W. Voorsanger,
reappointed.
Park Commission, W. S. Martin, to suc
ceed F. W. Zeile.
Board of Health, Dr. W. B. Lewitt, to
succeed Dr. L. Bazet.
The appointees will serve for four years.
AI chough It was understood that the
Mayor would give out the list last Mon
day morning there was a delay caused by
the opposition to the name of Marsden
Manson, whom Mayor Phelan desired to
reappolnt on the Board of Public Works.
During the last year Commissioner Man
son has clashed frequently with some of
the Supervisors over the question of the
manner of paving certain downtown
streets. The Supervisors serving on the
Committee on Streets urged the Mayor to
appoint some one in place of Mr. Manson
with whom they could work In harmony.
It was generally understood that all the
Commissioners whose terms of office
Martin, however, Is a personal friend of
the Mayor.
Walter S. Martin, the new Park Com
missioner, is a native of San Francisco, a
graduate of Georgetown College, Wash
ington. D.- C. He is the son of Mrs.
Eleanor Martin and nephew of the late
Governor Downey.- Colonel Martin, who
takes his rank for service on the staff of
Governor Budd and also that of Governor
Gage, went to Manila as a volunteer aid
on the staff of General Charles King. U.
S. A. Colonel Martin has an Independent
fortune, bequeathed him by his father,
his uncle, Governor Downey, and his
aunt, the late Mrs. Peter Donahue.
Dr. W. B. Lewitt was born in Ann Ar
bor, Mich., and graduated from the De
troit Medical College in 1S77. and from the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, New
York, in 1S78. He arrived in San Francis
co in 1878 and became connected with the
medical department of the University of
California In 1879. as demonstrator of anat
omy, and later became professor of anat
omy, which chair he held until 1S90. Since
1S90 he has been professor of surgery .in
the dental department of the University
of California, and also associate professor
of diseases 6t children In the medical de
partment. He has been a member and
also president for one year of the board
of examiners of the Medical Society or
the State of California. He Is* a member
of all the most prominent medical so
cieties In the city and State and also of
the National Medical Association. He is
at present one of the visiting physicians
to St. Luke's and the Children's hospitals.
Colonel J. R. Howell is a member of the
well-known real estate firm of Baldwin &
Howell and Is a member of the Governor's
staff and a well-known Elk. He has al
ways been Identified with public affairs
and Is a progressive man of Ideas. He Is
36 years old and has spent most of his life
in this city.
would expire would be reappointed with
the exception of F. W. Zeile of the Park
Board and Dr. L. Bazet of the Health
Board, both of these gentlemen having
informed the Mayor that they would de
cline to accept a reappointment.
The Mayor was averse to making public
his list of appointees in an incomplete
condition, and yesterday afternoon he was
closeted with Colonel George Hv Mendell
of the Board of Public Works for two
hours, evidently in the hope of arriving at
selections to suit all parties.
In the afternoon Mayor Phelan was
waited on by Colonel Howell and by Pres
ident Mark of the Board of Education,
each gentleman emerging from the
Mayor's private room with a signed com
mission In his possession.
The consultation with Colonel Mendell
lasted until 6 in the evening, at which
hour the Mayor consented to make public
the list of appointments for new Commis
sioners, as already stated.
Regarding the appointment of Mr. Man
son on the Board of Public "Works. the
Mayor says: "If Mr. Manson was not ap
pointed the Mayor would have to appoint
another Non-Partisan, but could not ap
point a straightout Democrat, because the
charter provides that not more than one
Commissioner shall belong to the same
political party."
In selecting Colonel Howell to succeed
Dr. McNutt on the Police Commission the
Mayor feels that it was an opportunity
to introduce new and young blood into
the administration.
Dr. Lewitt. who succeeds Dr. Bazet on
the Health Board, was stated by the
Mayor to be agreeable to the other mem
bers, and Dr. Bazet declined to accept
another term of office, as he is acting po
lice surgeon. •
Concerning the selection of W. S. Mar
tin to succeed F. W. Zeile on the Park
Board the Mayor had no comment. Mr.
NEW MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH AND NEW PARK AND POLICE COMMISSIONERS APPOINTED BY
MAYOR PHELAN. THEY FILL. PLACES OF OFFICIALS WHO A YEAR AGO DREW THE SLIPS CALLING
\ FOR SHORT TERMS.
Fire Commission — M. H.
HECHT, reappolnted.
Election Commission — A. \V.
VOORS ANGER, reappolnted.
Park Commission — "IV. S.
MARTIX, to succeed F. W.
Zelle.
Board of Health— DR. W. B.
L.EWITT, to succeed Dr. L.
Baxet.
Board of Pabllo Worlt»—
MAItSIJEN MAXSOJf, reap
polntcd.
Civil Service Commission-—
P. II. MCCARTHY, reappolnted.
Board of Krtucntlon — C. \V.
MARK, reappolnted.
Police CommlMlon COL.O
XEL J. R. H()\V1:lL, to succeed
Dr. McNatt.
Colonel J. R. Ho well, Dr. W. P. Lewitt and Walter
Martin Are the New Officials Chosen.
A sad scene was enacted yesterday at
the general hospital, In which a mother,
calling at the hospital to welcome home a
son returned from the Philippines, found
that he had Just passed" away. David L.
Brodek, a private in the Fourth Cavalry,
suffering from the dread dysenteryt was
sent home on the Sherman, but unfor
tunately the disease had taken too firm
a hold on his system and the voyage failed
to benefit him. When he arrived at the
hospital he was very' low, but it was not
expected that death was su near. Word
was sent to his mother, who resides in
this city, that he had arrived. The mother,
who for weeks past- had been scanning
the papers for news of her so-n, received
the tidings with tears of~Joy and hastened
to, the Piesidio. When she arrived there
and announced herself as. the mother of
the' sick soldier a silence fell over the
group of hospital corps men in the oiRoe.
i-uiniliar as they were with death and
suffering, not ono of them wanted to tell
the expectant mother that but a moment
or two betore'/ier arrivui the son had ex
pireu. "When it was finally told her tne
poor woman refused to believe the state
ment, insisting, despite the tender man
ner in wnlch the taie of her son's death
was repeated, that he was still in the nos
pital. ' \S hen linaily it dawned upon her
that she never again would see ner boy
her anguish was terrible to behold.
Strong-hearted men who have witnessed
Buffering and death in Its worst forms
turned away. The suflering ot a mother
bereaved was more than they could bear.
The dead soldier was a resident of San
Francisco, but had been in .the army for
a number "of .years. He had a brilliant
record, and was one of the best liked men
in his company. He will be buried from
the general hospital to-day with military
honors.
Orders were- received yesterday at the
recruit camp to get ready for service in
the Philippines ail the assigned recruits.
They will sail on the transport Grant,
which leaves this port on the 15th lnst.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Carroll D.
Buck has been ordered to temporary duty
at the general hospital, awaiting trans
portation abroad.
First Lieutenant Herman A. Sievert.
Fourth Cavalry, has been assigned to
duty with the recruits in Model camp.
Captain Edward G. Beeson, assistant
surgeon, Thirty-ninth Volunteer Infantry,
has been ordered to duty at the general
hospital. The duty is but temporary-, as
he is under orders to proceed to the Phil
ippines.
The following named acting assistant
surgeons have been ordered from various
points in the East to duty in the general
hospital while awaitlrg transportation
abroad: John II. Allen, Henry D. Brown,
William F. Graham, Lawrence McEvoy,
Frederick II. Mills, Joseph Pettyjohn,
Richard J. Price, Joseph W. Reddy and
Shannon Richmond.
A detachment of fifty regular convales
cents is being formed at the Presidio for
duty at San Diego Barracks. It will be
commanded by Lieutenant John P. Hains,
Third Artillery, and will leave here about
the 12th inst. It is proposed to make up
the detachment of men whose speedy re
covery will prove of benefit to the service,
and in accordance with this idea a large
number of non-commissioned officers will
be sent.
The six hundred and odd recruits occu
pying the Model Camp at the Presidio will
be Inspected by General Shatter this
morning. Constant drilling haa rendered
the men fairly expert; lnfact, most of
them when put to the test act like vete
rans. Care has been exercised In select-
Ing the non-commissioned officers, those
in charge choosing where possible men
who have teen service before, with the
result that the officers In charge of, tha
camp feel confident that the Inspection
will be a source of satisfaction to the
department commander. The men drew
new -clothes yesterday, and the neatness
of the new outfits will add not a little to
their appearance.
Heartrending Scene at Presidio Hos
pital When Loving Parent
Hears of Her Boy's
Death. . .. • .
Mother Seeks Loved One
and Finds' Reaper Has
Claimed Him.
COMES TOO UTE
TO SEE HER SON
The trustees of the San Francisco
Chamber < Commerce made It plain to
Dr. J. H. White, assistant to the Surgeon
General of the United States, at a meet
ing yesterday afternoon that they wished
to have Dr. Kinyoun removed from his
position as quarantine officer for this
port. Men prominent In the commercial
life of t»ie cite were present, and told Dr.
White of matters that had come under
their personal observation, citing these to
show how Dr. Kinyoun has, on more than
* one occasion, so acted as to drive away
commerce .rum the port and to create
a hostile feeling against San Francisco.
There was no mistaking the word3 ot
Captain Charles Nilson, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, when he said:
"We don't want to eay that Dr. Kin
youn ha? tried to injure our city, but we
do eay that for a long time he insisted
that there was bubonic plague here, and
It was a burden upon the city. We do
not believe that Dr. Kinyoun or the
lJoard of Health ever saw a case of the
bubonic plague in San Francisco. They
never found any symptoms on any but
dead persons. The report that ' we had
the piagvie was sent out broadcast and
caused us much damage. The railroads
are still unable to deliver freight in Texas.
We wish the Government to look Into the
several matters of which we complain.
Dr. Kinyoun has lost the good will and
the conndence of the people of San Fran
cisco. 1 believe he can be more useful in
come other city ti:an in San Francisco.
When a man becomes obnoxious to a com
munity he is of very little use there."
L»r. White, at the outset, denied that
he came to San Krancisco by reason of
the. resolutions sent by the Chamber of
Commerce to Washington, and said that
the resolutions could not have reached
Washington until live days after he had
started for the Pacific Coast. He claimed
that his only business here was to exam
ine all the quarantine stations. His mis
sion had no special relation to Dr. Kin
youn.
Secretary Scott then read the statement
exude by Captain Hinder of- the Coptlc
concerning the examination of his pas
sengers m. n quarantined here. "I have
been in every part of the world," deposed
Captain Kinder, "and I have never seen
euch treatment of passengers elsewhere."
Alfred J. Marcus, president of S. H.
Frank & Co., also tuld of the treatment
of the Coptic's passengers in quarantine.
J. H. Claymore followed. It was made
plain by them that the passengers were
examined publicly and without due re
gard either to privacy or to cleanliness.
Captain Charles Minor Got-dall of ih»
Pacific Coast Steamship Company told
of steamers coming from Victoria being
unnecessarily delayed; of the harm done
by the reports persistently sent out by
I>r. Kinyoun about bubonic plague; of
the reflations which prevent Chines*
from journeying- to British Columbia and
Alaska by pea, and of delay on the part of
the Quarantine Officer in acting on com
munications.
Captain Ooodall told of efforts made
toy him to communicate with Dr. Kinyoun
on the €th of last month by telephone,
when he could not reach him. A letter
xvas then written to Kinyoun on the 7th.
No answer was received until the 11th.
The communication referred to passen
gers. Business could not be done that
wa^f. Captain Goodall objected to me
fr.ar.ner in which the quarantine la con
cucted by Dr. Kinyoun. and said any law
could be enforced In a technical way to
interfere needlessly with Business. The
Collector of the Port could so act as to
stop all business. That was what Dr
Kinyoun had been dolnp.
John A. S. Lowe, manager of R. Duns
inuirs Sons Company, complained of the
hardships inflicted by Dr. Kinvoun on the
ccal carriers between British Columbia
and San h rancisco. Henry Rosenfeld also
complained of the same general matter
read the official regulation! and claimed
Dr. .Kinyoun was going outside of these
reKuiatior.a.
A. G. Towne. of Blake. Moffltt & Towne
*? < k Ca J^ a5n ,_ %Vmi£Tn E - Mlphell. trustee
of the Chamber of Commerce, told of be
lr.gr treated on a steamer from Honolulu
&Tn| r CoS e e. JU£t " WCrC the *«¦«*«¦
Kdwln Ft. Dimond. of "Williams. Dlmond
• Co.. also complained of the quarantine
service coder Dr. Kinyoun. There were
w a V^um°uL C me. ltneSSeS Wh ° Sft testtoOBsr
tA},, the «*neh>slon of the. hearing Dr.
T\hlte asked for a typewritten copy of
the proceeding?. This will be furnished
Complaints Cover a Variety of Of
fenses Which Have a Tendency
to Injure Commerce of
the Port.
Merchants Testify to Abuses
in Quarantine
Service.
DR. WHITE HEARS
OF KINYOUN'S ACTS
VACANCIES IN CITY BOARDS
ARE FILLED BY THE MAYOR
14
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS SENT TO ANY ADDRESS.
3000 REMNANTS OF FINE EMBROIDERIES,
In Camhric, Nainsook, Piaue, Swiss and
Dimituj lengths from 1L to 5 uards, These
Remnants accumulated during our Holidau
Trade and are marked veru cheap.
On TO-DAY, Januaru 9tti f will commence our
Semi-Annual Sale of NEW EMBROIDERIES. *
These goods are in Cambric, Swiss and Nain-
sook, with insertings to oo with all the
edgings,
Theu are a direct Importation from ST, GALL,
SWITZERLAND, are the Veru latest patterns
for this season, and will he sold at veru low
prices. :
¦ " . ¦ • ¦*.- • '¦-¦
ADVEBTISEMEOTr. . ; ,.
THE WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH COMPAfJV.
THOS. T. ECKERT PncsiDunT and Gcncral Manaccr
Jill Mesxag&s taken ty this Company are-subject to the Unns on, back hereof
_ - wluc are agreed to.
SAN FRANCISCO ; CA LL * J
. Receiver's A/t. j .Time Filed. Check. "^
So ' ' 3:1O P.V. > n „.
Sell out all furniture, carpets, rugs, lace curtains. - You must niakG room
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'Phone Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
j HAMS ARK DOWN.
finrrrC Jstva and Mocha,' pound. OCn
IlUrrtt Usually 35c. Roasted /nij
UUI I Li. f resh . Received daily. fcWW
EGGS— STILL. LOWER. ,.
finrrrr Java and Mocha, brok-rf| A
burrbh e °. 3 p° unds DUG
UUI I LL Standlng special. Best uww
value in town.
WEIGHT AND MEASURE GIVEN.
IN I IOII Cream Flake Wheat, 2- C n
mUtSn pound cartoon QC
iii uui i f :ookg qulck- Cut from 1Oc . uw
WHY PAY CREDIT PRICES.
HI I1ICC JUPe or G ree n. quart OHn
1 1 1 I VrN Queen size. Large, crisp/ II R
UUI I uu frult> properly cured. ** ww
/Worth 35c. '
\ SPECIAL ON APPLE BUTTER.
l muni i L.u packed where iww
grown. Eyeless, coreless. heavy syrup.
Delicious flavor. Regrular 20c.
20 SPECIALS WEEKLY.
MACARONI qU ten l &. Pl fuli7'C
HIHUHIIUIll nd 1Qc usually l2«
FOUR DELIVERIES DAILY.
DIITTCD E>e martin Creamery, *jrjn
BUTTbK f?-~ m - •.££: 3BC
ular size. I Best quality.
SEND YOUR ORDER.
lifUIOlf CV Flne old Bourbon. rr ft
WHIMvhl lar &e bottle hhfi
IIIIIOIXLI PIeaslng t0 taate g5c OUU
regular.
CORN .«»!•."*•'. •!"¦•. 3 for 25c
CUR PRICES 8AVE. OUR GOODS PLS ASS.
NEW YORK CONSOLIDATED
RUG CO.'S
Renowned IRAN Collection,
SENT DIRECT TO SAN FRANXISCO.
Now on view. Will be sold ¦
At Auction
Commencing THURSDAY, J w;
At 11 a. m. to 2 p. m.
308 Suite!* St.,
Near Grant Avenue. -
Mr. B. II. Paul, manager. Is wri'.-kniwn to
rug buyers by his previous visit, who has g!v>n
perfect satisfaction nnil whose rugs were so
much admired. This present collection Is an
MKijrepatlon of years and rare specimens ot
Kirraans, Iran*. Serebent*. Sines, etc.:* of su-
perior beauty ever se^n before on ths coast,
which Is well \rorth the inspection of the con-
noisseur.
FRANK W. HUTTERF1ELD. Auctioneer.
: B. II. VXUT*. ' Manager.
Dr. H. W. Hunsaker has removed his offices
to Parrott (Emporium) bids;., rooms 515 and 516,
6th floor. Elevator at west entrance, 855 Market.*
Har* you rr.a4e any money in 1?C1? There la
ell all around th* Vesuvius'. Pr. J. fi p o tts
Prosldort. P.uy It. X,c t!ll Saturday. 461 p a r-
rott buildfn*. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
QS^4?5^
Ill, 113. 115. 117. M9. 12! POST STREET,
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
JtngK
OURjNEW STORfeS.
It will pay you to visit u» and see our new
stock of good soods. Will be pleased to show
you around. The latest destsns, lowest prices
and best of all 10 per cent oft for cash. Prices
marked in plain figures. Special bargains in
every department.
Office furniture a specialty. Household goods
of every description.
Commence tha New Tear by buying from n>
and save money.
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1O15-1O17 Market Street,
Tel. South 371. Opp. Taylor st.
JST. GERMAIN BILLIARD COMPANY,
Formerly JACOB STBAHLE * CO..
Established 1S31
109 MARKET 8THEET. 8AN rBA5CI3C0.
¦I Manufacturers ot
H Standard Billiard and Pool I Ttblt*.
H . Lager and Steam Beer Pumps.
O Billiard Tables on Instalments or
Eg Rented. .^^—.,
Ig^F FAVORITE
B£SCRIPTION
I JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DR.MCMJLTY.
fVHIS WEIX-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLB
.L Specialtst eurei Blood Poison. GonorrhcB»,O!e*t,
Stricture, i^emliml Weakness. Impotenc* »nd their
allied Disorders. BooS on Diseases of Meii, frea.
OvprlOyenrVcxpeT'enoe. Terms reasonable. Hoars,
0to3dal!y;6:30toi30eVin. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation freeandsacredly confidential. Can or address
P.KOMCOG HeXULTT.M.D.
»C>i Kearny St.. Ban Frantitoco. Csl.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AMD WASHINGTON 8T3.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. Wfcto $1 50 day;
$5 to in week: IS to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire rrates la every
rcctn: elevator runs all night.
VrV. T. HESS.
*.CT£3Y ?CJ^iJ AHJ i.TT0iSJf-AP-I,AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 921.
Residence. S21 California St.. below Powelfc
San FrancUso.