SAN FRANCISCO, MO
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLTME LXXXIX->O. 80.
DISASTER TO THE CENTRAL PACIFIC'S
EAST-BOUND FLYER COSTS SIX LIVES
SCENE OF THE WRECK OF THE CENTRAL. PACIFIC FLYER AT. MILL.
CITY. AS REPRODUCED \ FROM, A TELEGRAPHIC DESCRIPTION,
AND SIX OF THE KILLED *AND IKJURED.
M!s«i El«le.Bl!««lnsrer, 1G yearn of ace, daughter of Mr. and Sirs.
Adolph niKslnser, sliKhtly brained.
Condnctor 11.' E. Ma'rkle of Oscden. scalp wonnda and face and.
body ?>rniiieii» * •.
nrakeman J. J. Rreres of Offden. ,nl!p;ht hndr bmlaea. '
EnRlncw Georpre Abbay of Wadxirortb, . head and face scalded*
shoulder wrenched and left foot injured.
. Mall Clerk Schuyler of San I'rancUco, right lee broken and eat
abont the head. . 4 .
'Mall Clerk Cavln of San Francisco, hrulsed abont the body and
cut en the beau. , .
THE INJURED.
THB DEAD.
ADOLIIII BISSINGER, aged 40 years, of *B!tain«rer £ Scblon,
San Francixco.:. .. . i.L.iV, . ;¦
.MRS. ADOLPII BISSIXGER. aced 3O yean, of San Francisco.
* \ C'L. AVHITAKER, fireman, aped S3 years, of AVada worth, »t.
CLIXTOX.n. COUI.TErt, ased about 35 years, of San Franelaeo.
Tito trampi, names unknown.
VICTIMS OF NEVADA
RAILWAY DISASTER
: -. "The train was running : at high speed
when • the ;¦ place .was reached. No danger
was suspected. The engine passed across
was ever '¦ known ; to :• accumulate b«f ore
and there ; was ¦", no stream there. The
sandy soil was slightly frozen on top and
all the water ran off Instead of being ab
sorbed : as ; usual, this causing- the great
accumulation. . ¦ .1. • , '
Two bodies, evidently those of trarnDS,
are In the mass of twisted Iron. One lies
near that of the fireman. ; the left hand
protruding far enough to be' visible, while
the other is In the creek, pinioned under
one of the car trucks.
. Fireman Whltaker met death at his post
of duty, probably never, knowing what
had happened. His body is pinned under
the qebris of Iron and can be plainly seen;
yet It is in such a mass "of wreckage that
up to 8 o'clock to-night he could not' be
got out. The body ,waa terribly scalded."
' Clinton R. Coulter, had evidently- been
killed outright. When ¦ found l he . was
doubled up, with a large* hole in one side
of the head, back- of .the ; ear. "The de
ceased had a ticket to Chicago and re
turn. , .
York. As soon as Miss Bissinger recov
ered from the shock she was astir, : and
searching parties found her. together, with
Conductor Markle, and helped them out
through a small opening in the roof of the
car. , .
"The wreck occurred at - 5:13 in the
morning. . Passenger train No. .2. better,
known as'.the*Flyer..was speeding along.,
having lost several hours by ' : a .washout
west . of \ Mill I City. Two . miles Vast of.
Mill i City - the track runs near • the foot 'of,
some hills sloping 'fronT the south. .The
heavy rain of Saturday -had sent the
water down 'to the, depth of ten or twelve
¦'feetVoii .the- upper slde v of .the , track. -Xn
a depression in the ground. A culvert'
under v ; the track ¦ evidently' ] had been
clogged arid the water ran over the track
arid eroded _the : sandy "soil ' until ¦ .a" .. cut
sixty ' feet wide and thirty feet ;deep had
been formed.- This' was till spanned ; by
the" track,',. field upjby ; the . rails. Strange^
to': saS\"*it was' a place where no water*
.', BLUE CANTON, Fab. 17.— From a pas
senger of No. '".2,'thc flyer wrecked in Ne
vada, who passed .through here, to-night
on the special train \ conveying the '•. in
jured to' San ': Francisco, the following
story, cf the n-reck was obtained: ¦
and Brings Instant Death' to
the 'Six Unfortunate' .Vic- |
. ' tims.': ' .. -.. •' '•'->-**• VV
Disaster , Comes i Without \ Warning"
Millwood.. Cal.. informing her of the sad
death of her hr.aband." .'/ .' ' I
ACCOUNT GIVEN I
BY A PASSENGER
•^Telegrams were sent, to an. uncle of Miss
Bissinger. at the j. Hotel Richelieu.' in Sari
Francisco., notifying him of the deaths of
.his relatives ;ahd rcquestlng.him I to meet
his niece/ /-Mrs. ,' Coulter,' ..the' widow! of,
Clinton R. Coulter, was telegraphed to at
At 1:50 p. m. a special, consisting of an
engine, a tourist : car and a. caboose, left
Mill City for Wadsworth. -with allof the
dead and Injured except "Conductor
Markle and Brakeman Reeves,: they re-'
questingVthat they ; be , taken; to •- their
homes at Ogden. .Upon arrival; at Wads
worth a special : - was. sent to. Sacramento! 1
conveying 1 the dead .'.and /injured '.whose
homes are in California. .
Torrents of water are rushing, down the^
steep ravine through; the great, gap 'occa
sioned by the ;backlng.up of 'the water.'
and as darkness sets in to-night the water
has attained' a 'greater height than at any
time since the washout. Orders were tel
egraphed, to Sacramento to start the plle
drlver from that, place. .Two arid possibly
three:days •will elapse before the track is
repaired.: .,Flve: engines are endeavoring
to" clear the right of, way and about 150 la
borers; are building; a track of some na
ture" with .a. skeleton structure to allow
the passing of trains., All day was con
sumed, with hardly any', appreciable '.re
sults. - No ; passengers - have been; trans
ferred : from .the West, • they remaining In
their respective cars. at Mill City.
At 7:20 a. m. a special left this place
.with what wrecking outfit was available,
together, with .all. the doctors and nurses
procurable. Not long afterward a special
.was ¦ dispatched . f r.om . Wads-worth -with a
gang of machinists,, a /wrecking crew and
surgeons. More, surgeons were taken
aboard at .^ Lovelock, • but - their • services ,
were not needed at the time the train, ar
rived at ¦ the scene ' of the wreck, -the'
Wlnnemucca ¦ physicians having ' taken
care of the ! injured.-
Collision Barely Averted.
No. 4. the eastbound . express, ¦ was fol
lowing the" overland limited closely. The'
rear brakeman' on ! No. 2 had butva few
minutes' time to flag it to preveht a rear
end collision. ;. " •• _¦< . V • ¦ -¦! •-.- ¦ ¦ "• ¦*'. ,
How Mall Clerks Scuyler and Cavln es-'
,caped with, their ilves Is Jan "'enigma ¦ to
those who saw the position of the wreck
age, yet their injuries are very slight, i
Mr. Bissinger of the firm of Bissinger
& Schlcss. hide and tallow merchants of
San Kranci3co, occupied a- drawing-room
with his wife and daughter. Elsie, at the
head end of the first sleeper. This car
was telescoped by the buffet. Both ,Mr.
and Mrs. Blssinser were killed,, while
their daughter, occupying the berth above
them, was but slightly Injured. Mr. Bis
linger ar.d family . were : en route; to 1 New
Fata of the Bissingers.
Conductor Markle, Brakeman Reeves
and the train barber were in the ccfm-,
posite car. Brakeman Reeves 'Jumped
from a window, landing In the creek be
low, which was at that time about four
feet deep. . ¦ • -.
Engineer Abbay says that he felt the
engine settling and started to get out
through the window, but he had hardly
moved from .his seat before the crash
came. Hew he got out he doesn't Know.
engine. The composite car lies across the
gap of seventy-five feet and telescopes
the head Pullman for nearly thirty feet.
Because of beins late the flyer was
making a fast run. endeavoring to make
up time. It r.-as going at the rate of
fifty miles an hour at the time of the ac
cident. When two roiles east of Mill City
it struck a new washout that evidently
was caused by a mountain torrent only
a short time before the train's arrival.
The engine got txcroFS safely, but th©
'ender Is one mass of twisted Iron, stand
ing on end against the boilerhead of the
locomotive. The trucks of the tender, to-
F p ther with those of the mail car and
composite car, are In the torrent below.
The mall car went to the left, the rear
end beinc clear of the head end of the
Bunning at High Spe* d. ¦*
At the point where the accident oc
curred, there Is an embankment of thirty
feet to a ravine down which water runs
from a water shed of fifteen miles. Dur
ing the pa*t two -weeks heavy and fre
quent snowstorms have occurred In the
mountains, piling the snow into Immense
drifts in the canyons. This began to melt
because cf the unusually warm weather
of Friday and Saturday. Gnngs of work
men have born labouring since yesterday
mornir.gr endeavoring- to keep the roadbed
in the- vicinity of Mill City in good condi
tion. At II o'clock last 'night a washout
was discovered a half mile west of Mill
City, and ail energy was put toward re
pairing It. This was not accomplished
until 4:30 o'clock this morning. Passen
ger trains Nos. 2 and -4 had been held at
Humboldt. nine miles distant, while the
break was being repaired.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev.,
Feb. 17.— Six persons
perished and six others
were seriously Injured
In a disaster that oc
currpd to Central Pa
cific eastbound flyer No. 2 two miles cast
r.f Mill City at an early hour this morn
ing-. While running at high speed to make
up lost time the flyer crashed Into a wash
out that hnd been caused by a mountain
torrent. The thock came without the
slightest warning, and the engine and
train crewc and sleeping-car Inmates at
the forward end of the train were pinned
beneath the debris of the locomotive tender
ar.d cars that were twisted into a tangled
mass of wrfekate in an Instant by their
own Impetus. Of the six persons who per
ished. His probable that no one had time to
realize the fate that was upon them. Three
of them— Mr. and Mrs- Adolph Bissinger
and Clinton R. Coulter— were San Fran
ciscans occupying berths In the forward
Pullman. Of the other victims of the dis
aster, one was Fireman "Whitaker, who
died et his post, and the others wer*
tramps stealing a ride on the train.
the yawning chasm on the frail bridge of
rails, and hung from the opposite bank.
The momentum of the train carried th«
mail car acros3 beyond the engine. The
composite car, which came next, formed
a bridge across the cut, Its ends touching
both sides, the sleeper next to It telescop
ing the rear end. The end of the sleeper
was crushed. In. and here Blsslnser and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Mrs; Etama Buell of Pullman, Wash.,
. ii_ and C. A. Jensen - Victims . 3
. . * of an Accident.
i LOS ANGELES, '- Feb.. 17.;— Mrs. Emma
Buell * of ,! Pullman, .Wash., was seriously
SERIOUSLY INJURED IN *
STREETCAR COLLISION
Governor of Minnesota Takes Decided
Stand Against Proponents of
the Manly Art.
MINNEAPOLIS. Feb. . 17.— Governor
Vansant has put a stop to the proposed
BUgtpstic carnival scheduled to take place
here to-morrow under the auspices of the
Exposition Athletic Club.
The Governor came here yesterday and
held a conference with Mayor Amos.- The
Mayor was favorable to the contests, but
the Governor was obdurate. While the
Governor could not officially stop the
fljrbt. owine to lack of time. . unless the
Mayor fanctioned his act, the latter did
not wish to take strong opposition to defy
the Governor n^«l hence notified the man
¦jrcment of tlie athletic club that the
contest* oou!d not take place.
The nyhtera arrived in the city yestp
VANSANT OPPOSES
PUGILISTIC CARNIVAL
Prior to. Modus .Vivendi Will.
• .- <¦ B9 Protected.
i NEW YORK, Feb. ,17.— Reports have
reached this city that! rich gold deposits
have been found in that section of Alaska
formerly regarded as United States terri
tory, but which under the. modus vivendl
has been transferred to British Columbia.
President McKlnluy has ; received peti
tions from American miners in the Porcu
pine region, and the secretary has assured
the' petitioners that such rights as they
held prior to the modus vivendl will be
provided. There will,- -however, < undoubt
edly be some contention aa to the status
of claims located ln the disputed strip
since October, 1899, when the modus viven
dl went Into effect, and of other claims to
be. located in the new section which many
grpspectors are preparing tp- Invade this
spring. ; - * ¦¦ ¦* ¦ ' -.-¦•-. :
:,. Mrs. MaryE. - Hitchcock,, author of
"Two Women In the Klondike,", has large
interests near Skaguay and Is preparing to
go to - the new : region in • the spring. - She
said to-day: "I know ; of - three million
aires from. this city who are going to visit
the new country in the spring. -They are
all. going, out. with an eye- to business.' If
conditions warrant, railroads will be built
and: steamship lines .-. started 'Which will
open up the new Klondike."
Severe Snowstorms.
LONDON; Feb.. IS.— All Europe la ex
periencing a return ' of . winter ; weather.
Severe snowstorms * are reported from all
parts " of England, ¦ Germany, , Italy, -Aus
tria- and' Russia. - ; The blizzard continues
In tte Odessa district. .. In •¦ Switzerland
many villages are cut off. Numerous
deatl'B are reported. ":-:'¦
Are Assured. That Rights They Held
PETITION FROM MINERS "
IN PORCUPINE DISTBICT
The, second half of the foursome be
tween-B. D. Adamson and Robert John
stone of the San Francisco Golf Club and
V. P. Johnson ar.d Horace Rawlins of
the Oakland Golf Club was played yes
terday on the Point Adams links, and ik
Fultcd in a sweeping victo/y for the Pre-
Fidio representatives. Mho won 11 up.
S to play. On the first thirty-six hole?
at the Presidio links on Sunday, February
JO. the San Francisco men were 2 up.
yesterday they were playing a very
Etnas came, being 4 up on the flrst eigii
tr-f-n holes ai:d 5 up on the next nine holes,
thus winning 31 up at the sixty-thlrJ
hoi*:. Thougrh tfce result of the match
was decided, the rcmainlns nine holes
wore played out, the San Francisco men
adding three more holec to their credit,
mukir.K them 14 up on the seventy-two
holes. The course was' rather heavy and
j-!nw. but the calm atmosphere and gray
tky were favorable to golfing.
Many practice games were played on
the Presidio links, among them being a
foursome over eighteen holes, in which
Wortlilrston Ames and \V. II". La Bov
ii-aux beat E. J. McCuu.hen and H. n.
Br^eaen S u» on eighteen holes tnd win
ning a box of balls.
J. H. Mee beat C. F. MuIHns 3 up on
Hghtt-en holes, making one round In the
excellent score of 44 strckes. \V. K. t*ei«ter
beat A. C. Bingham 2 up 'n eighteen
lio'.cs, and Mr. Brandt defeated Charles
P;ie» <3 up on twenty-seven holes. H. B.
Ooodwin proved victorious over J. "\V.
JJyrne, and \V. Xevls over H. Chase. II;
.\. B'.arkmpji played five- rounds with C.
E. Oliver, beatinff him by the narrow
margin of 1 up.
This morning the qualifying round
over el«hterir holes, stroke play, for th"
fourth competition for the Council's Cup
for women will be ncld on the Presidio
links. The opening round of the contest
at hr.ie play will take place on Tuesday
morning* among the eight ladles who qual
ify.
-I-Ttny Practice Matches and a Four
some Played on the San Fran
cisco Links Yesterday- .
PEESIDIO GOLFERS WIN
FOURSOME HAKPSOMELY
Revolver. DO yards: C. M. Dalss — 40, -60. 63, 67,
C9. P. A. Becker— 61. A. J. Brannlgan— 72. O.
Feudner— 74, 78, 88, 88. Tralo— 90, S3.
Rifle, 22. E0 yards: Captain Fred Kuhnle— 20,
2rf, 21, 24, 25. G. Mannel— 26, 26.
Pistol. 50 yards: G. M. Barley— 37, 47, 50. 67.
F. B. "Washburn— 40, 40, 41,- 43. 60, 53. B. Hovey
—41, 45, 45, 66, G7. F. O. Young— 44, 44, 45, 45,
4.-., 44, 46. 47, 48, 49. Dr. J. F. Twist-60, 62. 65,
67, O. Feudner— 64. 61. 67. 72. 73. 74, 79, 81. 83, 84.
Mrs. G. Mannel— 60, 61, 72, 82, 94. G. Mannel—
Columbia target, ten-shot scores, rifle, 200
yards: A. H. Pape— 47, 50. F. O. Young— 60. 66.
56, 57. "W. O.- Hoffman— 50, 50, 61,' 67. 66. C. M.
Dalss— 56 69, 75. G. Mannel— 64. . A. B. t>orrell
—64. P. Becker (Krag)— 107, 116, 111. O. Feud
ner—127. O. H. Fields— 157.
Military rifle: P. Becker (Creedmoor count),
44. - ' ¦ " .
The. Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot at Harbor View yesterday was well
attended. Conditions were not favorable
for .best shooting, but very fine average
work was the order of the' day. A: H.
Pape took first honors with rifle. G. M.
Barley with pistol. C. M. Dalss with re
volver and Cnptaln Fred Kuhnle with the
22 rifle. W. O. Hoffman of Shreve & Co.,
a new member of the club and lately from
the East, was only three points behind
Papo and tied Young with the rifle.
Columbia Club Shoot.
Contest.
Some good shooting was done over the
rifle ranges at Schuetzen Park yesterday.
In the California Club. A. Rahwyler car
ried off first honors with a score of 28. A.
Strecker and F. E. Mason were also well
up.
The day was cloudy, but this did not
prevent the marksmen from registering
numerous bull's-eyes. The score by mem
bers of the California Schuetzen Club
were as follows:
C. Sagehorn, 2608; R. Stettin. 819; II.
Pehroed^r. 1321; O. BurmMster, 2004; D. \V.
McLaughlln. 1266; C. M. Henderson, <45; A.
Uahwy-ler, 28; Captain Attinger. .' 1S31; F. A.
Sehrumjif. 954; L. Reubold, 892; It. danger,
T98; L. C. Babin, D30; J. Horstmann. 2324; -J.
Kullmann. .<87; A. Gehret, CJ9; F. E. Mason.
3Sfi: A. Vonyoll. '««: L. Thlerbach, S16;. A.
Hatnpel. 1703; A. B«rtlcson, lu«0; C. Ofut. 1440;
\V. Ehrenpfort. 1863; A. Jungblut, 1528; Cadet
Becker. 157S; J. C. Waller. - 18«; T. J. Car
roll, 50€; F. C. nagcrup. 1293; Captain G.
Tanuneycr, 805; J. T. Peck, 850; J. Btaub, 421;
M. Itrubold, 2C08: C. PeAch, 1M«: K. Relde.
2475: J. Jonas, 452; H. Breuse, 43S; H. Stettin.
566: F. D. Smith. 1417; A. Utschlg, 1142: J. L.
Utscfcig. 610; A. Btrecker, 132; D. B. Faktor,
730; J. i;achman, 2303; H. Enge, 128; O.
Cremer. SS?. .
In the San Francisco Turner's Schuet
zen Verein shoot the following scores were
made:
C. Saxhorn. 134?; O. Burmelster, 239; F.
Kcrr.cr. 2381; F. E. Schrumpf, 2379; C. Nlel
9rn. CO."; G. Tammryer.' 491; A. Utschlg, 148?;
R. Lanre. 4»; J. Gafsner, 1801; C. Peach. 541;
H. Er.ce. 2433: Captain Attlnger. 613; J. Staub,
JWS; I*. Jacoby. 182S. Drum corps— H. Staub,
279; B. Jena a. 1109.
In the Grnett's section the following
were the successful marksmen in the
bull's-eye "choot: ' ¦ ' •' .=
A. Hlniermann, F. BausKarten. A. \ Gehret,
J. Furrer, 'A. von Wyl. A. Studer, Charle*
Gut, J. Brugger; L. Ilauser, J. R. Hauaer. '
In'the same club the medal, shoot re
sulted as follows: .. . -
First -claee, A. Gehret ;4I5; first class, .'A.
Studer 3S7; wcond, J. Brugger 369; fourth, J.
Furrer.-COO; best last shot. A.; Studer 24. -.
The ten-man shoot between Company
C. First ; Regiment. N. G. C. and Company
D. Fifth Regiment, resulted In a complete
victory, for the. visitors. Corqpany D was
ahead on the two and three hundred yard
ranges, but I the Company - C . men were
strong on the 500 range and more than
evened things up. ' A silver cup was the
trophy that went -to the victors. • The fol
lowing are the. scores: , .;:•;
Company EM-Corporal C#H. Fletcher, 58; E.
Gardner. S5; Corporal H. Iverson, 51; Georpe
WUilamE. 58: T:< J. ! Fallbn.' -66; SerseanfF.
Archer, CO; F. J. Murray, 64;- Sergeant A. A.
Smith. 6P; Sergreant N. Vanderbtlt, K; J. Daw
son, 64; total. 58L ¦ ;
Company C— F. : F. Carson, 62; H. J. Mus
grave, 62: I* W. Grant. €1; T. ¦ McGilvery, £3;
W. D. Grant, 63: W. F. Unfred. 58; H. M.
Smitten. 67; C.. F. Waltham, - 60; C. Meyer,
C3; J.' N. Ross. 43; total, 530. •/ >
A. Kahwyler Carries Off the Honors
in the California Club
SOME GOOD SHOOTING
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
for the second time. was won by 'Wrlllam
Collier and Harold Crowell. The only
other team that has. its name on the cupa
twice is composed of the Whitney broth
ers, the present coast champions in dou
bles.
Charles Kuehn and Richard Erskine,
who defeated George Whitney and Grant
Smith, the scratch men, were the other
contestants in the finals, which, although
won in. straight sets, were very close. The
flrst match of the day was between R. N.
Whitney and Werner Stauf and George
AVhltney and Grant Smith. The latter al
lowed their opponents odds of half-thirty,
and won in straight sets,'6-r4. 6—2.
The next match was' won by Al Rose:—
berg and riorman Hodgkinson. who de
feated Fay Beal and Chet Smith rather
easily, 6—1. 6—1. The latter, team had a
handicap of half-thirty, which was too
small.
The last match of the first round was
between Collier and Crowell and Dr.. Lane
and Sidney Salisbury. The latter team,
with odds of half-thirty, was defeated
6-^-1. &— 4. ' In the semi-nnala Kuehn and
Erskine. who drew'a' bye: were pitted
e gainst George- Whitney and Grant Smith.
The former team, with a handicap of for
ty, which was the largest ever allowed on
the local courts, proved to be too much,
as the' youngsters won. 4— £,"6— 2. 6—3.
In the other half of the semi-finals Col
lier and Crowell played Rosenberg and
Hodgkinson on- even terms and. won ln
straight sets, 6-3, 6—4. This is the second
time these two teams have met, and al
though -Rosanberg and Hodgkinson are
both probabry better Individual players
than their opponents they were beaten
both times In doubles.
In the final round Crowell and Collier
allowed their opponents. Kuehn and Ers
kine, odds of half-forty and won, 6 — 2, 9 — 7,
6—4. This match was much closer than
the score Indicates.
The winners deserve a great deal of
credit for their victory, as the handicap
they allowed their opponents ln the finals
¦was very heavy. . -
On Friday, Washington's birthday, there
will be a straight handicap singles tour
nament, open to all.
Handicap- Doubles Tennis Tourna
: ment Played- on the California .-
Club Courts.
The handicap doubles tournament for
the Davis cups was played yesterday, and
DAVIS CUPS WON BY
• COLLIER AND CEOWELI
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.— It has been
definitely decided that Sacramento shall
hold another street fair and , trades cayil
val this year on the streets surrounding
Capitol Park, ana that it shall open May
6 and continue five days. The city govern
ment has appropriated $50C0 upon which
the street fair committee may draw, and
the public' generally -will aid the enter
prise with contributions.^ It Is intended to
make the - affair new throughout, and
many novelties in the way of arches and
other decorative ' features will be intro
duced. It is Intended to Interest all ' the
towns ' of I Northern ! California in the mat
ter of selecting, by. popular vote the mem
bers, of the- May queen's suite. -A floral
festival will be one of the features of the
street fair week. 1 ¦' ' :
Former Efforts.
Sacramento Expects to Outdo All
FLA2TNING A STREET FAIR.
A large number of the trips have been
taken on the flimsiest of pretenses, and
Assemblymen have scarcely attempted to
conceal the true cause of their being
launched. Members have greedily de
manded such trips for the eake of the
pleasure to be had and the profit to be
made by reason of the liberal mileage a>
lowed. So many trips have been maue
without justification that only the rankest
sort of a treasury raid of that class can
be stopped now. A large majority of the
Assemblymen know they have themselves
been guilty- and will Buffer. denunciation
if they balk the plans of .members whose
greed has; not. yet been satisfied.; • iS338S|
A single trip has been: foiled— the pro
posed Junket of the State Prison Commit
tee to Santa' Barbara: to inspect a pro
posed site for a prison' that .will certainly
hot be establlshaf :by , this Legislature.
Another committee,': that ,on' commerce
and navigation, is returning from a trip
to San Pedro, the excuse for which is an
old bill resurrected by the committee for
no other purpose than to serve the ends
of a junket. ...
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 17.— The present Assembly
has broken all records of extravagance
in the way of Junketing trips. The total
of mileage bills for such trips .already
reaches $7028 20, and several committee
men are now out on trips, and their bills
will bring the aggregate up to the $10,000
mark.
the Way of Extravagance.
Assembly Has Broken All Records in
COST OF THE JUNKETS.
In other respects the report of the com
mittee will be favorable to the Institu
tion. Last, night addresses were made by
different members of the committee to
the boys, gathered together in the As
sembly Hall of the school.
Chairman Irish of the committee is out
spoken in his criticism of, flogging at tho
reformatory, and Schleslnger Is equally
emphatic in his opinions of it. Other mem
bers of the committee agree with them,
and a bill abolishing the practice will
probably be introduced.
The committee arrived at the Preston
School yesterday morning. They inspect
ed its various departments, and were
shown ©very courtesy by. the superintend
ent and his subordinates. Iirthe cfourse of
the day word came to the ears of some of
the members that a boy who had recently
attempted to escape ' had been severely
flogged, and was still in solitary confine
ment on a diet of bread and water. Sur
prised that such punishment was still
practiced, they asked to see the victim.
He was found locked ud ln a dark, poor
ly ventilated, cell ln which he had to llvo
for three days on bread and- water. His
back was bruised and swollen and discol
ored from the blows Inflicted upon, him
by a burly guard, acting under orders.
Inquiry led to the exhibition of a sole
leather flogging Instrument, specially
made for use in the school. "
Flogging has been abolished at the
whfttier State School, and the members
of the commjfttee were very much aston
ished to find this remnant of early prison
barbarities still existing at tho Preston
School. On the train this morning on
the return trip they held a meeting, an-i
decided that severe condemnation of th>
practice should be the principal feature
oi the report.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. - SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 17.-As a result of its in
vestigations yesterday at the Preston
School of Industry at lone, -tile Assembly
Committee on State Prisons and Reform
atory Institutions will make a report em
bodying scathing denunciation of punish
ment by flogging at that school. The
members of; the committee saw an object
lesson in what they regard as a barbar
ous practice, and their present lndlyna
tidn gives promise of a report that will
not be couched in mild terms.
Special Dispatch to The Call/
Committeemen Impressed by
Object Lesson at Pres
ton School.
OPPOSE FLOGGING
AT REFORMATORIES
Two. spectrograph3 are included- in the
instrumental equipment of the expedition.
They are especially efficient for recording
the coronal espectrum. This Is pre-em
inently the eclipse for such studies. ¦ The
value - of the work at \ the •' recent short
eclipses can scarcely compare with what
It is hoped to get In Sumatra by. making
one exposure with each instrument for
There will be. three ¦: smaller photo
graphic telescopes, .varying In, size from
six Inches aperture down to one inch. for
recording the outer streamers of the
corona. • . '. . •
While only two observers are goin^r
from the Lick Observatory, twelve to fif
teen assistants will be required for the
proper maniuplatlon of the instrument*.
Following the custom of the earlier ex
peditions to India and Georgia, Professor
Perrine counts confidently upon obtaining
these assistants from among the trained
officers in the employ of the Dutch Gov
ernment In Padang. It is not necessary
that the assistants be trained astron
omers," since the work is entirely photo
graphic. Professor Perrine will hope to
have the instruments in readiness four or
fiv* days before the eclipse occurs, in or
der that he may devote his time to thd
training of the assistants, so that they
may take the photographs at the right sec
ond of time, as indicated by the chronom
eter, and in the right order.
Perhaps the most Important' work will
be a systematic photographic" search for
the. so-called planet, or planets, - Vulcan.
Just as the attractions of the then undis
covered planet Ncotuno drew the planet
Uranus out of Its course, and thus led to
the discovery of Neptune, so there Is rea
son to believe that the unexplained devl-'
atlons of the planet Mercury from Its
path are due to the existence of one or
more planets,, hypothetically called Vul
can, between the planet Mercury and the
sun. As this supposed planet, or the3e
planets, must move in a small ' orbit
around the sun as a center, it — or they —
can never be seCn at. any great distance
from the sun, and so are lost ln the fierce
glare of the sky in the sun's immediate,
vicinity.-- At the time of a total eclip3e,
however, the sky becomes comparatively
dark, and the opportunity of detecting
this supposed planet Is afforded.
The Sumatra eclipse will nave a dura
tion of six and a half minutes, and there
is reason, to hope that the sky will be'
quite dark. Four cameras, of three Inch
aperture and eleven feet focus, are mount
ed to take simultaneous photographs on
14x17 Inch plates of the region immediately
to the east and west of the sun." They
are planned so as to secure photographs
in duplicate of a strip of sky six degrees
wide and some thirty-six degrees long. It
Is hoped that all stars in this strip as
faint as the ninth magnitude will be re
corded. Since photographs of this region
of the sky have recently been secured i at!
the L'.ck Observatory when the sun was
in an entirely different part of the heav
ens the comparison of the two scissor
plates, the one taken at the Lick Observa
tory and the o^her in. Sumatra,, should
show the presence of strange bodies in the
sun's vicinity, If there are any such as
bright as the ninth magnitude.-
The 40-foot camera devised by Professor,
Schaeberle and used- by him so success
fully In Chile 5n 1833, 'and by other mem
bers of the staff In. India and Georgia, will
be taken to Sumatra. This Is the first
instrument which recorded the wonderful
detail of the inner ccrona, by virtue of its
large scale (four and a half, inches), to
the moon's diameter. In Sumatra, as' in
India and Georgia, the plate-holder 'end
of the camera will be located In a pit ex
cavated in the ground, probably some ten
or twelve feet. The two observers ma
nipulating the large photographic plates
will be Inside the camera and will see the
image of the corona recording Itself on
the plate. The lens will be forty feet
above 1 the observers,- supported rigidly on
a scaffolding. ; Another scaffolding will be
constructed so as to completely, inclose the
Inner scaffolding, and will be covered with
bamboo matting In order to prevent any
S wind shaking the 3ca.ffoldlng. supporting
the lens. It is expected that twelve pho
tographs of the corona, with . exposures
varying from one-half second to two and
a half minutes, will be' obtained. with this
instrument. . .
The | expedition will travel by way of
Yokohama.: Hongkong, Singapore and Ba
tavla, through the Straits of Sunda, to the
middle of the western coast of Sumatra,
landing at Padang, the capital and prin
cipal city of the Island, and. seat of resi
dence of the Governor General. The mem
bers expect to reach Padartg about April
10. Five weeks-' of extremely hard work
will be required after the camp Is located
to mount the instruments and make the
delicate adjustments, so as* to be ready
for the Important six and a half minutes
on May 17. ' »
LICK OBSERVATORY, MOUNT HAM
ILTON, Feh 17.— The. William H. Crocker
expedition from the Lick Observatory, . to
observe the total eclipse of the sun in
Sumatra, on May 17, will sail from San
Francisco next Tuesday on the Nippqn
Maru. Preparations for the j expedition
have been making at the Lick Observa
tory tor the past month. The instruments
and supplies, to the amount of three, or
four tons, are now loading. The expedition
Is ln charge of Assistant Astronomer C.
D. Perrine/who has been connected with
the Lick Observatory for the past eight
years, and whose work in. comets and
with the Crossley reflector is well known.
He observed the eclipse of ISsi) ln North
ern California, and was a member of the
Crocker eclipse expedition to Georgia last
May. Mr. Perrine will be accompanied
and assisted by Ralph H. Curtlsa, for the
past year student assistant of the observ
atory at Berkeley, and now. an assistant
on the L>ick Observatory staff.' • * ; ; -
\V. W., Campbell; director of Lick Ob
seratory. gives the following details of the
plans of the astronomers:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Crocker Expedition Is Ready.
: for the Voyage to
GOES TO VIEW
SUN'S ECLIPSE
This is . the. second expedition sent out
from the Lick Observatory through the
generosity of William H. Crocker. Thn
expenses of three similar expeditions
were defrayed by the late Colonel C. F.
Crocker, and of one expedition by Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst.
question as to whether the coronai spec
trum actually contains dark lines' Is one
Important element, of the problem to
ward whose solution It is hoped to con
tribute.. Evidence, along this line will be
of extreme value in determining . what
the real naturo of the mysterious co
rona is.
Coulter Joined the Olympic Athletic Club
and carried Its colors to victory in many
a hard-fought contest. Many handsome
cups and souvenirs were won for the club
by the teams to which the dead' athlete
belonged. . .
As a cyclist he ranked with ¦ Bald,
Elkes, McFarland, Zimmerman, Taylor,
Michaels and the greatest riders of the
profession. Coulter had many friends in
the business and athletic circles of San
Francisco. At the time of his untimely
death- he was enrbute East to secure the
agency for a big mercantile concern. Ho
had recently been' connected with the Pa
cific Coast Novelty Supply Company.
Mrs. Coulter remained at home, and upon
receiving news of her husband's death
was prostrated. ¦ Herman Hadenfeldt,
Coulter's brother-in-law, left at once for
the scene of the accident to assume
charge of the remains and accompany
them to this city for burial.
J. C. Cavln, one of the injured mall
clerks, resides with his wife and two chil
dren at 1030 Valencia street He has been
in the employ of the railway mall service
for twelve years, always on the run be
tween here and Ogden. In the Mission
district, in which he resides, he Is held
ln the highest esteem. He Is -37 years of
age.
Mrs. Cavln was in Ignorance of the ac
cident that befell her husband until the
news was broken to her by a Call re
porter. .
"This is the flrst accident my husband
has met with during hi» long service. Our
parting the last time was very affection
ate and I told him not to meet with any
trouble. I expect he' will send me full
information at th« first opportunity."
FAVORS BALLOT, NOT HATCHET.
Susan B. Anthony Does Not Approve
Mrs. Nation's Method.
JS°g H f *J h ER > N - J>. Feb. 17,-Mlss Su
illllilj
,. m T .!l e hatchet la the weapon of bkrbar
tSlrdl inViiS. member V > ' the Common
v-uuncii ana for every other offlr>pr nt ty,~
"™nl<*»Ht)-. Women wujllj, ™«h m?S
fruit of thiii h f > women would see the
iruit or their labors proving- tn thi>m
? ¦ ¦ ¦ ' — • — : f'- * K
EMPRESS FREDERICK
MAY ITOT LIVE LONG
Beports Conflict, but It Is Learned
That End Will Come Withjn
a Few Weeks.
th^^H' F % b ' 17 '-Th» reports as to
the condition of. Dowager Empress Fred
e ck rI . are quite contradictory. The Lo ka i
Anzeiger prints a dispatch from Harnburi
tory rt |Sfd *« a R.rn r condI "P* is sausfac^
o£Wu?e a st£^
b o1nb V u£? £\^?ti\™*B£
*«•«« and refusing to believe the reports
SSJm? e d^ ager Empress e ™ ™
?v. F T om . P*" 1^* 8 souroes It Is ascertained
a^hlMtes?. 13 eXp€Cted ln *^wee£
¦ ' m
ADMITS .PAT CROWE
STORY WAS A FAKE
Editor Van Meter Says He Was Short
of News and Manufactured
the Confession.
CHICAGO. Feb. 17.-A dispatch to the
Times-Herald Xrom Waterloo, Iowa says-
Editor Van Meter of the Waterloo Tri
bune, whose purported interview with
Pat Crowe and confession from him In re
gard to the Cudahy kidnaping case has
gone broadcast^ over the country, to-day
declared the whole matter a hoax
In his explanation of the story the Iowa
editor states the day before the pub
lication of his weekly <par>er found him
without enough matter to fill his columns
.and that, believing It would not be taken
seriously, 1 he wrote and published the Pat
Crowe yarn.
DEWET PTT&SUED BY
,y..'. l ~ BRITKjff COLUMNS
Ethelbert Nevin.
LONDON, Feb. 18.-A dispatch to the
Daily- Telegraph from De Aar. dated Feb
ruary IS, confirms the report of the ar
rival there of Lord Kitchener and his
staff to superintend the chase of General
Dewet. The correspondent says:
"Dewet's force Is now denuded of almost
all transport vehicles and his horses are
exhausted."
Other South African dispatches report
that several columns are pursuing Gen
eral Dewet, whose exact . whereabouts
however, is not. indicated. • '
THE DAY'S DEAD.
NEW HAVEN, Feb. 17,-Ethelbert
Nevln. musician and composer, died sud
denly here to-day of heart disease. Mr.
Nevin came to New Haven about five
weeks ago to be associated with Profes
sor Parker of \a.\e University In his mu
sical work. Ethelbert Nevin was born In
Nevinacre, Pa., in 1863. As a composer
Mr. Nevin attained a name hardly second
to any musician, and his songs are known
throughout two continents. Among these
are "The Rosary." "Narcissus." "Good
night," "Good-night. Beloved." and an
arrangement of Heln > s."The Heiden Roes
leln.
Sir Francis .Cook.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— Sir Francis Cook,
who in 1SS5 married Miss Tennle C. Claf
lln of New York, died this evening.
day and George Siler, the referee. Is ex
pected to-morrdw morning. He will con
fer with the Governor and ask for clem
ency.
SUNDAY FLYCASTING
ON THE PARK LAKE
Harry C. Golcher Surprises All Com-
petitors by His Splendid
Showing.
The first Sunday contest of the Ean
Francisco Fly Casting Club for 1901 tooK
placa at Stow Lake yesterday. The
¦weather conditiens were unfavorable, but
the meeting was enthusiastic. A,,numbef
of spectators were present who watched
the casting with Interest, many of them
remaining during the meeting despite the
chilly atmosphere.
The scores throughout were fairly good,
although most of the casters shawed a
lack of practice. This, however, was not
true as regards H. C. Golcher, who was
first In each event, his scores being': In
lonR distance, 115 feet: accuracy. 5>6 feet;
delicacy, S7& per cent. Most excellent per
formances under- the conditions. >
The lure casting event was cut out of
the programme, but will be taken up later
on. Several new men participated and
they bid fair to become proficient before
the season closes. Among them are Ken
nlff, Kierulit and Blade.
Following are the scores In detail:
Adolph . Bisslneer was a native of Ba
varia, and. with his brother, came to
this country about thirty years ago. , He
at once engaged in the business which has
grown so extensively, and which, despite
the most . adverse conditions, has pros
pered 'exceedingly. .He was a man of
strict probity, charitable to a fault" al
most, and a friend, of the most sincere
kind. ; •• ' ' . 'iv--'
His wife, who was one of the most pop
ular Jewish matrons of the city, was -a
leader of the smart set, well educated and
an able helpmeet to her husband. She
was born and educated in this city, waa'
proficient In the fine arts, of society, .. and
was a welcome guest at all the large so
cial functions. She was about 34 years
of age. ¦ . * '.-
It was in the, nature of a pleasure trip
that the Bissingers started on Saturday
morning. They intended spending a
couple of months In' the East; visiting
places of interest and Incidentally study
ing business conditions. . Their sudden
taking off came as a pall of gloom upon
their friends and wherever they were
known expressions of condolence were
sent by their many friends to the be
reaved . relatives, i'j • !*v^
Although not a club man. Mr. Bisslnger
belonged to. many German and Jewish or
ganizations. He was highly esteemed by
all and when \ho news of the untimely
death of . himself and wife reacheu the
Concordla Club the flag was raised to
halfmast. . ' .
the family residence, 1918 Jackson street,
relatives of both families looking out for
their personal welfare. ; <;;v
In 1SW Coulter married Miss. Bertha
Hadenfeldt, one of the beautiful daugh
ters of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hadenfeldt
of this city, and thereafter, regarded San
Franclaco as his j home. . Even after his
marriage Coulters love of cycling led him
back to the cinder path, and he rode one
season at all the big ' meetings In the
country. Soon- after settling in this city
Another of , the wreck's victims was
Clinton ;R. Coulter, who was known in
athletic. circles as one of the best profes
sional wheelmen In America, Coulter
was prominent in local athletics from the
time ho came to California, in 1894, as a
companion to Eddie Bald, the .famous
champion cyclist. After • following the
cycling circuit the next summer Coulter
returned to the "coast and resided for a
time at. San Jose. His fp.rm.er home was
at Marshflcld, Ohio. ¦ "" " •
Messages of condolence , and Inquiry
poured into the Bisslnser residence Ia3t
night. Owing to the absence- of news
during the early part of the day and the
lack of , communication with the wreck,
the relatives remaining in the city wera
unable to answer the many inquiries. The
brothers were communicated with, and
are hurrying toward the city, while the In
jured daughter Is also speeding this way
on a special train, and Is expected here
Borne time to-day. The bodies of the de
ceased will also be shipped to this city
for interment as soon as the law's for
malities will permit. : y.i
Mr. Blssinger's aged parents still reslda
in their old home in Bavaria, and recent
ly celebrated their golden wedding. Lo
cal friends of the old couple remembered
the occasion In a substantial manner
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.— The train
bearing the injured In the Nevada wreck
will reach San' Francisco about 7:30
o'clock to-morrow morning. The dead will
be brought on another train, that will
Engineer Abbey was scalded about the
head*and arms and both of his feet were
crushed. Brakeman Reeves was Injured
in the body and arms, but not. seriously.
' A special bearing physicians and nurses
was Bent Immediately from Wadsworth
to the scene of the disaster, and the work
of rescuing the. unfortunates maimed and
imprisoned beneath the mass of timber
and Iron was carried on with the utmost
vigor. The train bearing the injured will
reach Sacramento at an early hour in the
morning. Mall Clerk C. A. Schuyler of
Oakland, who Is aboard, has a broken leg
and internal Injuries. Mail Clerk J. C
Cavln of San Francisco received ' severe
injuries ftl>out the' head.
The limited struck this spot while run
ning at a rate of fifty miles an hour. The
engine an.d three forward cars were com
pletely wrecked and their occupants
buried beneath the debris. The end of the
head forward sleeper telescoped the com
posite car immediately ahead. In thi3
part of the wreck the bodies of the dead
passengers were found. The body of Fire
man Whitaker was buried several feet in
soft earth beneath the engine. ' . ;
Central Pacific wreck in Nevada passed
through Truckee at 11 o'clock to-night.
Passengers on the train report that where
the disaster occurred there Is a Wgh fill.
The roadbed for sixty feet had' been
washed out to a uepth of thirty feet.
While the fire wes burning Captain Kel
ly vas directing the raising of a ladder
on Gold street. A portion of the cornice
of the buildlns fell, striking him on the
head and shoulders. .His injuries are not
dangerous, but thev are severe.
Old Pioneer Hall was erected by the late
James L4ck nearly forty years ago and
has been the scene of many historic
events. When the Pioneer building was
constructed on Fourth .street, the' old
structure was rented for offices. Besides
containing the H acting's Law College, it
was the headquarters for many fraternal
orders. One of these, the Riggers* and
Stevedores' Association, held a meeting
yesterday afternoon.
The careless use of matches Is sup
posed to have caused the conflagration.
St. Claire's body was recovered by the
firemen. It was not charred and the un
fortunate man had died of suffocation.
Major Robinson, who had a very narrow
orcape from death, said he was first
awakened by a crackling sound in the
hallway. When he-epened bis door he
found that the fire had already gained
considerable headway and that escape by
the stairways was impossible. He shout
ed for help from a window and the fire
men rescued him a few minutes later. As
Robinson passf-d the room which was oc
cupied by St. Claire he heard the old nwa
moving about and hammering on the wall.
l5ut he gave him no assistance, thinking
he would be able to care for himself.
John St. Claire, the aged janitor of th©
eld Pioneer Hall on Montgomery street,
near Jackson, met his death in a fire that
nearly destroyed the building shortly af
ter midnight last night. Major John T.
Robinson, who ocuptod a room In the
building, was hemmed In by the flames,
but was finally rescued through a win
dow by the firemen.
Captain Y.'illiam Kelly of Truck No. 2
was badly injured by falling debris and
was rent to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital for treatment. His scalp was badly
lacerated, and his back injured.
Flames were seen issuing from the
building, which was a two-story frame
affair, oy pedestrians at 11:30 o'clock and
an alarm was turned In. from box 27.
When the fire-fighters arrived and opened
the front door they found that the stair
ways and much of the interior was
ablaze. Two more alarms were then
turned in. Considerable difficulty was ex
perienced In extinguishing the fire, and
It was two hours before the companies
returned to their houses. The building
was entirely gutted and much of its con
tents destroyed. • -
>
Old Pioneer Hall Gutted and
Janitor John St. Claire
Is Suffocated.
patched From Mill City to
San Francisco.
TRUCKEE. Feb. 17.— A special train
bearing the injured from the scene of the
AGED MAN MEETS
DEATH IN A FIRE
BRINGING BACK
THE INJURED
Train Bearing Unfortunates Is Dis-
"Mill City Is twenty-five miles west of
Winnemueca on the Nevada desert. The
wreck occurred two miles east of Mill
City. There had been some enow on the
ground and the warm rain melted It, thus
deluging that entire region. Those who
were killed were not badly mangled. Mr.
and Mrs. BIsslnsor were instantly killed,
the backs of th&ir heads being crushed In.
"A train following close behind No. 2
was flagged. "Word was received In Win
jicmucca within twenty minutes after the.
wrfck occurred and assistance was sent
with all possible dispatch. Six physicians
were called to the scene of the accident
from the nearest point. The wrecker went
from Wadsworth. Everything was done
to relieve the injured and the bodies of the
killed that could be removed were given
proper care. The bodies were brought
back to Reno and the Injured, accompa
nied by Dr. W. L.. Whistler of Wads
worth, \rere transported by a special train
to Bar. Francisco.
his wife, who occupied the drawing-room
in the front end, were killed. Everything
was broken loose and jammed to the
front end of the composite car.
About ten years ago Mr. Blssinger's flrst
wife died, leaving three children, and
some years later he was married to Miss
Minnie Oppenheimer, the. daughter of the
late Henry Oppenheimcr, a • wealthy
tobacconist. A son, Adolph, now about 6
years of age, Is the fruit of the "union.
When Bissirfger and his wife and daugh
ter- left on their ill-fated trip, Adolph was
left with his. grandmother, \ Mrs. Oppen,
heimer. at the Hotel Granada, while the
children by the former wife remained at
Shortly after his arrivaj In this country
Blssinger married .'.a ''Miss Greenbaum,
niece or Mrs. Louis Ger3tle, and by her
he had three children, ¦ the eldest, the
daughter Elsie, being injured in the wreck
that killed her father and stepmother.
'Adolph BIssinger, who was associated
with his brothers, Isldor aqd Adolph, In
the hide, wool and tallow business, .was
one of the best known merchants In that
line of trade on thc.coast. lie established
himself here some.thlry years ago and
soon began branching out. The home of
fice was located at 401 Front street. He
pave his personal attention to his busi
ness and later branch houses were estab
lished In Portland and Los Angeles, which
quickly absorbed smaller concerns In' the
districts covered. Isidor took charge of
the Portland branch and Samuel located In
Los Angeles.
LOCAL PEOPLE
DIE IN WRECK
reach San Francisco at 4:15 in the after
noon. ' • v . •
I • ! . . "
BODIES OF THREE WRECK VICTIMS STILL LIE
PINNED BENEATH A TANGLED MASS bF DEBRIS
THE SAN FRAJsCISGO CALL, "MONDAY; FEBRUARY 18, 1901.
MONTEREY. Feb. 17— The residence of
John Reed, in Del : Monte . prove. . wat en
tered by burglars last night and $230 in
coin, together with other valuables, taken.
Adjusted by Diplomacy.
WlLLEaffiTAD, island of Curacoa, Feb.
17.— The asphalt controversy" has been
temporarily adjusted by th'e diplomacy of
the United States.. Mirdsjter. Francis.. B.
Loomis, and the matter will doubtless go
to the courts. V
« ¦ ¦ . u» — : ¦ . ¦
Bobbed by Burglars.
Injured,' and C; A. Jensen of this city v had
a narrow: escape from death In, a street
car: accident , this afternoon. Two , cars
heavily, loaded with .passengers were
crossing the viaduct, -en route to the city
from Eastlake ; Park. The leading: car
stopped at the foot * of : the southern in
cline, but the brakes .'on 'the 'following car
failed to work, so that It dashed into the
2
K S
C i > i Event No. a.
r ?' • I 8 3 Delicacy.
1? lf~ o "'a
NAME. " » TJ 3 2 •- 3 X
5^ «* "5 •'a So
• «» • • . - *?.--•
¦ ' . • : 3 t • • • ¦ • '¦
Mansfield S2.0 95.0 :s.O4 Sfi.5
Muller .;..........•..... 9S 94.0 94.2 .75.00 83.6
Mocker .?. *-. SI 86.0 93.0 70.00 81.6
Brooks 88 S7.4 SS.O 60.10 74. S
Darerkosen Ill 87.8 8».8 75.10 82. 9
Turner 83 93.0 S5.0 69.02 73.4
Smyth 83.8 90.0 67.06 TS.6
Toung .'. 93 90.8 90.8 75.10 SJ.3
HeJght 77 SS.O 85.4 71.CS 78.6
Huyck \S4 93.8 »0.4 67.08 78.8
Kennlft 66 M.8 83.8 E1.0S 67.8
Brotherton 9S 94.0 93.4 70.00 81.5
KSenilff 68 64.0 73.0 72.06 7!. 6
Blade 77 T5.6 75.8 57.06 66.4
Foulks 82 90.4 S3.R 70.10 78.3
Golcher 115 9*.O 91.8 S4.O2 87.1
Battu 86 $6.8 93.8 74.02 S3. 8
Grant 97 81. 4j 83.4 66.08 75.0
Heller 80 .... 89. 4 5S.O4 73.7
K S
C i > i Event No. a.
r ?' • I 8 3 Delicacy.
1? lf~ o "'a
NAME. " » TJ 3 2 •- 3 X
5^ «* "5 •'a So
• «» • • . - *?.--•
¦ ' . • : 3 t • • • ¦ • '¦
Mansfield S2.0 95.0 :s.O4 Sfi.5
Muller .;..........•..... 9S 94.0 94.2 .75.00 83.6
Mocker .?. *-. SI 86.0 93.0 70.00 81.6
Brooks 88 S7.4 SS.O 60.10 74. S
Darerkosen Ill 87.8 8».8 75.10 82. 9
Turner 83 93.0 S5.0 69.02 73.4
Smyth 83.8 90.0 67.06 TS.6
Toung .'. 93 90.8 90.8 75.10 SJ.3
HeJght 77 SS.O 85.4 71.CS 78.6
Huyck \S4 93.8 »0.4 67.08 78.8
Kennlft 66 M.8 83.8 E1.0S 67.8
Brotherton 9S 94.0 93.4 70.00 81.5
KSenilff 68 64.0 73.0 72.06 7!. 6
Blade 77 T5.6 75.8 57.06 66.4
Foulks 82 90.4 S3.R 70.10 78.3
Golcher 115 9*.O 91.8 S4.O2 87.1
Battu 86 $6.8 93.8 74.02 S3. 8
Grant 97 81. 4j 83.4 66.08 75.0
Heller 80 .... 89. 4 5S.O4 73.7
ADVERTISEfEirTS.
TEXiEPHONE J«a X V t\ A
GRANT 33. I UM
222-224 SUTTiR ST.
special iibucv bus
MONDAY—TUESDAY— WBNESOAY.
<f Crown Port" and Sberri \
nur. 50c bot. Posl- * \ 1..1 n C .
tively the last salo \ COT ZOC
at this fabulously C U, *i nn
low price. Win-s 0 DIS v)l>UU
8 idv 9 anc T ea nb0dy *""
Eggs SsS \20c doz
Last week K%e. : ;*;\.-
Gineer AIs R^ ri jr»': dH $1.20
Th« pODUlar article. We alloii 13c on
, return of bottles. \
Ta;i Ten different kinds. ii>. iv
ICa our htxh-crade 50c HuC !3
Re». n.W. Lenten roods ln lari va-
rieties. T
Finnan Handles i:c ISj
Sardines l?^tin
French (Besler'rt. full size. Epectxlly
, packed for us. Res. 13c.
Olites &^! ackR!jwC^ 30c ql
Ehman's— finest ln tho State.
Favorita de Calif. Claret
Dozen quarts, re*. J4.00 $2,90
Pozen pints. r»r. $2.80 Sit 90
This State's fln»st product la table wine.
Last »al« at thla price.
Copac \Y?i $|.35 bot
a star. bott!*d tn Franc. Trtcoche.
Bonnlot & Co.
OlJi.GII Zt- S^.^ 75s bot
Fer purity and sweetness unexcelled.
Every bottl« bears chemisfvaffldavlt as
to absolute- purity.
Gharries in Maraschino
imported French. g^
German Zwieback 50c Ib
(Ruski.) Reir. 60c Ib.
Imported from Potsdam. Germany.
Gall Sosp UT 20c caKe
From Germany. Remove* ipot» from
nnest fabrics without leavlne a mark.
Smoke Lebenbaum's Fine ctgrars.
Kew shipment of "Chateau la Ross"
snd "Old Glory" 5c clears Just In.
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
w^^0t^miM }^
».. v -NRRM»^r Throat'
IS TO TREAT IT AXTISEPTICLT
The enly way to do thla Is with the Ccttln*
ham new. Antiseptic method, invented
and patented by
DR. COTTINGHAM,
• riperi. on EAR. ' gP^THROAT . and LUNO
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. of Kearny
FREE— Absolutely- free Examination and one
week's treatment given to convince you or th->
superior, merit oi.this new treatment. 3000 t-st
cases -95 per cent cured. Try It FREE and 'be
convinced wfcilo you can. Call at onc» or writs
." Toj Curs a .Cold ' in" One ' Day. >
Tak* - Laxatlv* ? Bromo ' Quinine ' Tablets.*- All
dtug«rtst8 : refund the money If. It falls to cure.
E. Vr." Grove's 'signature is on each box. J5c. •
To Prevent the Orip
Laxative Bronao-Qulnlna removes the cause, •
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALI TY for MEM
MORMON' BISHOP'S PILLS .
havn been ln um over ttfiy
years try tb* ' leaders of th*
Mormon Church and thslr fol-
lowers. Positively cu*w th«
worst cases ln old and youn<
. arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cliarette-smokLng. Cures Lo*t
Manhood. Impotency, Lou
Power. Xlsht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains ln Back. Evil Desires. l«m* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mart
rr. Loss of Bsmen. •»» Vartcoce1« or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *^ MB rrous Twltchtns
of Eyelids. ESects i"l, JTL a r • Immediate.
Impart vlyor and ***¦"* z> potency to •very
function. Don't ret despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped onrana.
Stimulates the. brain and nerrs centers: 50o a>
box ; • for 92 SO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxen. Circulars
fre«. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
¦t. San Francisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
SS and 40 Third »t.
r^g&Sm. bottle LUnto
/ MCBURNEY'S '
/ . (jW
Tg\ - iyy A thorough core tot
K\ I C pains In the back.
\J yV BRIGHTS DISEASE,
2-1 rJ^ femalo troubles, iacon-
tineucoof urine, bricii dnst deposits, bed*
fretting of children, gr&rel, gall atoasa,
dropsy. dia.fcp;es. and rheumatism. *
FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. U23 Market it..
AND AT
DAHLBE.VDKP. DRUG CO.. 214 K«arny »t..
Bend 25c In to stamps to W. F. McBuraey.
418 B. Sprint; st.. XjOs Anjrelea.. Cal.. far 5
days' treatment. Prettald St SO. Drurslats.
DR.MEYERS&CO. £gS%&
Specialists. Disease VSB&
and weakness ot cuh&
men. Established T&j. - "*&&>j£&&*
1S81. Consultation 5yM 7&P*Y^T
and private book \Sfo, P/-JlI
free, at office or by " -6Q8J
mall. Cures gpiar- taffiL^ygjy
ket street Velevator J^7w|^«7
————————— »¦¦! I.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDESI
MEDICAL'
DISCOVERT
FOR THE
I BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS,
>V^£J2Kb&iiI Br *® ta » non-pciaoBora
4fjGE&&^^ m %&&S r»moa» for Gonorrhoea.
%€S»*'cCCE*^Ba g,Iet.t. Sp.rmatPirhoTa!
/X2£Tl* 1 ta&Ja;i.\9 whitat. unnatural dU-
iJJBJHf On»r»nt«d fJJ chargi , or »ny la&mma.
«*k»J o«» u> ivtawr-. tion, i ritatloa or ulcorm-
..aujwn. tion .f mncons incm-
K£lTH!EYmCH£ii:cii.C3. braaes. Non-«gtrini9nu
MpAciiC'.H.tUI.O.JgCg SoJd by DragrzUia,
O. 3. A. Z5s&2 T sent ln I> !ala wrapper.
t>y ejprens, pi*p»id. for
-^SffllWteW^a ll-OO. or 3 bottled, p.73.
'^SaKfl^V » .CL rular tent on rsquos**.
MARKET bT.s!F>^^
(ft 1 I & 1 fa Laflln A Rand Waterproof
H B] i»I^. i * Smokelesj Powder. In bullc
|n| Q BttJi and loaded In shells. S*n4
y y yLS goods, geo. vr. suhsvk.
- v - • . . . ;sa Market «tr««t.
IA/. T. HES9iL
KCTiar rgdiu amj ATxoa.HSf-Ar-iaTr.
Tenti Floor. Room J0i3. Claus Sprecktls BWf.
Telephone Brown ML : •
Residence. .821 CaU/orr.ta »U below Poweu.
San . Francisco. : . - • - ¦
n 8 rr nnif H I Corner Fourth and
PRI-f Rnyn spss/as*
UHf L IIU I HL K »- v .«^ ri5
' Valises checked fre«
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER3. THE
treat - Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot.' 333 .Markat. -TRANSMITS POWE^f MOBE
THAN" A HUNDRED MILES
VALLEJO, Feb. 17.— The Bay Counties
Power Company to-day made Its first
trial of Its long line for the transmission
of electricity, supplying power to the
Vallejo Electric Light Company. This Is
the longest power transmission on record,
the source being the Yuba River, 13)
miles from this place. The test was suc
cessful.
The Bay Counties Power Company has
high towers erected on both sides of tho
Canfulnez Straits, on which Its. line Is to
be suspended, and by April 1 power wiiJ
be supplied to Oakland.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 17.-Shrew.1
observers in St. Petersburg believe thar
the Russian Minister of Fnance, M. lie
Witte, in Imposing a discriminating duty
on American manufactures of Iron anl
steel, was not animated solely by a de
slre^to protect sugar producers, but wa«!
eager to seize an opportunity to mobilize
Russia's industrial army, with a view of
proving its ability to stand the test oi
a tariff war. It. is believed, moreover,
he desires to Impress Germany even more
than the United States. -. ¦ . . ¦.-
The Russian press agent does not give
any particular approval to the experi
ment. The Boerse Gazette, usually influ
enced by the. Minister of Finance, warns
both sides against Implicit faith in tho
Blsmarckian theory that tariff wars do
not disturb good political relations, point
ing out that experience has shown the op
posite to tbe the case, as a rule.
"We hope the friction will bo as qUIck
ly removed as it arose," continues • the
Boerse Gazette, "since the political re
lations now existing between the two
powers are the best they have known.
Both are playing the game of the tertium
paudens. which is preparing a bitter blow
against both.
"Doubtless American public opinion is
wiser than the sugar producers and the
Government that is acting In their inter
est."
The Novosti, correctly representing
Russian public opinion as to the Russian
Government's sugar -policy, demands tha
abolition of the domestic tax and of a
system devised to enable a few lazy
manufacturers to make proiits at the ex
pense of consumers.
Russia's export policy, the Novosti con
tinues is designed principally to support
high domestic prices. It is well known
that one of the chief obstacles to tem
perance work in Russia is the price of su
gar, which checks the consumption of tea.
The Novoe Vreyma reminds Americans
that they are the principal commercial
beneficiaries of Russian railway enter
prises in Eastern Asia, and exoresces a
hope that the United States Supreme
Court will decide in Russia's favor.
people and that she loved them very
much. • *
There was some delay In getting a bond
for Mrs. Nation, and In the meantime she
entertained the lawyers and newspaper
men present In some of her characteristic
ways. Mrs. Nation soon became arfxious
about, her bond.
"Oh, now I see." she said, "why they
are keeping me here this way. . They
knew I was going about the Lord's work
this afternoon and the devil put it into
their heads to keep me here so I could
not do it.
"Oh. say, Mr. Sheriff Cook," ehe added,
"there's something -rotten In Denmark
this afternoon. Why are my bondsmen
not cent for? Oh. 'there's a method in
all this madness.'"
"It will bo 'here soon," said the Sheriff
"Please bo quiet, Mrs. Nation."
But the bond did not come Mrs. Na
tion then went out on the f» _jt steps of
the jail and appealed for somebody to
sign her bond. Nick Chiles, a negro joint
1st, came in and signed it and soon Mrs
Nation was free. She was followed up
the I avenue by thousands, but at last
reached her lodging place.
The city Is, excited to-night, but no
more raids are expected until to-morrow.
"CABBIE NATION COCKTAILS."
mento Imbibers.
N«w Drink That Js Dalighting Sacra-
SACRAMENTO.' Feb. 17.— All .the sports
of the town have gone .wild over a new
mixture known as the Carrie Nation cock
tail, which appears to ba the orthodox
compound so familiar to the public with
a dash of sherry wine added. Most of the
saloons of Sacramento have their mirrors
decorated ; with j legends formed : of soap
written letters and reading, "Try our
Carrie Nation : cocktail," with . the outline
of a hatchet surmounting the words.
Seiz«d the Opportunity to
Mobilize Russia's In
dustrial Army.
DUAL OBJECT
OF M. DE WITTE
HUNTINGTON'S ESTATE
WORTH EIGHTY MILLIONS
Executors File a Big Check to Cover the
Inheritance Tax,
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— The executors of the estate of Collls P. Hunt
ington have deposited with Controller Coler a certified check for
1700,000 to cover the amount of the inheritance tax which will- be
collected by the State. The deposit indicates the worth of- the
estate at the time of the testator's death to have been approxi
mately $70,000,000. making the present value $SO,000.000. The action
is taken at this time to save 5 per cent by '--making the deposit
within the specified time. ,
Much comment will result from the size of the check, which Indicates that
the Huntington estate in value will more than double the estimate placed
upon It at the time of his death. When the will was filed for probate last
August, Russell Sage expressed an opinion that the Huntington fortune would
fall short of $30,000,000. The executor? have indicated that it would amount to
more than twice that sum. Owing* to the rise in railroad securities during
the last six months the Huntington estate Ms now worth almost If "not quite
JIO.OOO.OOO more than It was when the will was offered for probate. .
As the inheritance tax Is based upon the value at the time of the death
of the testator, the estate would now seem to be worth approximately $80,000,
000, a sum far in excess of the most liberal estimate ever made of his fortune
during the lifetime of Mr. Huntingtton. No accurate idea.. as to how the
Huntington millions are invested has yet been made by the executors, who
arcrMrs. Arabella D. Huntington, the widow; Charles H. Tweed and Isaac E.
Gates. That -will become public when the appraisement has been 'estab
lished. Investments were held by Mr. Huntington at the'tlme of his death
in the following corporations: Brooklyn Rapid Transit, California Pacific,
Detroit Gas, Fuente Coal Company, Galveston, Harrisburg and San Antonio
•Railroad; Guatemala Central Railroad. Gulf. Western Texas and Pacific;
Louisiana and Western Railroad, Manhattan Railroad, Metropolitan Street
Railway, Metropolitan Trust Company, Mexican- International Railroad,
Morgan's Louisiana and Texas Railroad and Steamship Company; Newport
News Light and Water Company, New York. Texas and Mexican Railroad;
Old Dominion Land Company. Old Dominion Steamship Conipany, Oregon and
California Railroad. Pacific Mail Steamship Company, Southern Pacific Com
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad. Union Trust Company of New York, West
ern Texas and Pacific and Western Union Telegraph."
It was said to-day by an attorney whose information came from one ot
the executors that the Huntington Southern Pacific holdings aggregata In
round flgnres 700,000 shares. These are believed to have, passed" in the recent
transfer to the interests controlling the Union Pacific. The price agreed
upon has not been told, but the market value of the Southern Pacific is now
about $48, the par value being $100. By the terms of the will, which was
filed for probate in the Surrogate's Court in this city August 24. 1900, the
Huntington fortune was divided thus: Mrs. Arabella D. Huntington—Two
thirds of the testator's Southern Pacific stock, -worth $15,400,000 ; residuary
bequest, estimated at $28,000,000; houre at Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh
street, stable, horses, carriages, furniture, etc.. $1,500,000; specific bequest in
trust, $500,000; total, $45,400,000. Henry E. Huntingdon, nephew— One-third of
the testator's Southern Pacific stock, worth $7,100,000; residuary bequest,
estimated at $14,000,000; total, $21,100,000. Princess Hatzfeldt. adopted daugh
ter—Specific bequest in trust, JI.Iaw/wO; Archer M. Huntington.' adopted son-
Specific .bequest in trust, $230,000: Edward H. Pardee. nephew, $100,000;
Isaac E. Gates, brother-in-law. $100,000; Hampton Institute, $100,000. Total of
principal bequests, $68,050,000. Other bequests increase this total several hun
dred thousand dollars. This- will make, it is estimated, the value of the es
tate upon wh*lch Inheritance tax may be collected about $68,500,000, though
from this $5,CKX>;000 may be taken as the value of realty.
WILL NOT OPPOSE
ISTHMIAN CANAL
Buitrage's Views as to the
Attitude of Colombian
Government.
NICE. Feb. 17.— In view of the cable
dispatch from "Washington stating that
the- Colombian Government had sent its
Minister of Foreign Affairs to Washing
ton to discuss the question of the Trans
isthmian canal, an interview was had
with Senor Buitrage. the well known
Colombian political writer, who is spend
ing the season here.
"I do not know exactly the object of
the mission of the Colornbian Minister of
Foreign Affairs." he said, "but have In
mind prex-ious declarations of the Colom
bian Uoverntnent. I believe that he Is
proingr to assure the Americans that Co
lombia will not offer any difficulty to the
opening of the Panama canal by the Gov
ernment of the United States.
-Colombia will not. of course, sell the
territory through which the Panama
canal is being constructed to the United
States, nor will she abandon her right3
of sovereignty over, that territory- No
Government in Colombia would dare to
do so. But Colombia Is willing to do
everything In her power to facilitate an
understanding between the new French
Panama Canal Company and the Ameri
can Government in order to complete the
canal in her territory.
"in my opinion, and 1 have said so sev
eral times in different articles, the Nica
raguan canal has always been a humbug
and a bluff. In order to oblige the French
Company to sell its works cheap. I think
the real feeling In the United States Is, as
has been. .that the best way. the cheapest,
shortest and most practicable Is by way
of Panama, with the advantage that the
work is so far advanced that little effort
will be sufficient to carry it to comple
tion."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
17.— This has been
an eventful day in the history of Bakers
field. Last night at 12 o'clock, a large
number of men with teams, plows and
scrapers belonslng to the K«rn County
Land Company began filling up Panama
Slough. The outfit has been busy ever
since, and in consequence a large quantity
of clean earth has been leveled Into the
old disease-breeding run that winds Its
filthy way through the heart of the city.
The object of beginning this good work*
at such an unseemly hour was to avoid
being stopped by Henry Miller through
the aid of an injunction. It was desired
to get In one day's work unmolested. Mr.
Miller la here, and It Is expected that he
will ask for an Injunction to-morrow. .
The people are eager to see the slough
filled. For some time the land company
has been engaged in cleaning off and lev
eling the margins of the slough, but no
one suspected that it Intended to fill it.
and therefore all were greatly surprised
at the sudden turn of thing? this morning.
Panama Slough has figured in two exten
sive law suits between Miller & Lux and
the Kern Ctfunty Land Company.
Another event of the day was the open
ing of She new electric street railway be
tween Kern Cift- and Bakersfield. The
cars have been busy all day, "loaded to
the guards." The line extends from the
Southern Pacific depot, to the Santa Fe
depot. •.""• : ¦
Mtn and Team3 Begin Fill
ing Panama Slough in
Bakersfield.
NINE MEN BREAK
JAIL AT SPOKANE
, PETER BARDISONIA. 35. married,' wile
and five children. ¦ •-¦¦--¦*•
ANTON MAFFADIO. 28. single.
The following story of the accident was
given out by officials here to-day:
C. C. Winton, the paymaster, said he
was sitting in his office. 500 feet awa>
from No. t» shaft, on -Friday morning at
10:50 o'clock when he heard the explosion,
and, swinging around In his chair, saw
that No. 6 had blown up, and there was a
column of smoke and dirt going at least
100 feet In the air. He rushed to the tele
phone and called up No. 4 and instructed
Weighman Ramsay to call in the men at
that mine and brins them to the rescue.
He inquired for the underground man
ager. John Matthews, and round that he
had gone to No. 3. He telephoned there
and caught Matthews just going down
that mine. He informed him that No. t>
had blown up, and, leaving David Walker
there to 'arrange for the. rescue parties, he
ran across to No. b. There tney found
that the force of the explosion had blown'
the fan door down ana disarranged the
fan, but a carpenter was soon at work,
and the fan was going again in twenty
minutes and putting air down.
At No. o the rescuers had a hard time.
They went in quite a distance toward No.
6 when forced back, owing to the fire
having broken out in No. 6. They tele
phoned to ' this effect to Mr. Clinton at
the head omce, and he told them -to in
vestigate If It was smoke or fire that
barred the way to No. 6, and If smoke to
endeavor if possible to drive it back. They
replied that it was fire, the flames having
been seen when they endeavored to brush
the smoke back. All the men were then
ordered out of the mine, and the mules
removed also. There was nothing more to
be done there in safety to the rescuers,
who, as It was, had a narrow escape In
getting out, for two were overcome and
artificial respiration, had to be used to
bring them to. * : .
At No. 6 Manager Matthews took
charge of the rescue party, and many de
termined efforts were made to get down.
The" rescuers found one cage at the bot
tom, held fast, and the other cage was at
the top, having been blown up to the top
of the superstructure, some seventy feet
above the pit head. The wires were
taken from the whole of the fast cage
and fixed to the one at the top and then
a descent was made. On proceeding down.
Matthews says, he found that the ratd
wall had been blown up for 270 feet. It lg
614 feet deep.
They repaired the mldwall as they went
down until obliged to stop, within seventy
feet of the bottom, owing to the great
heat from- the fire at" the bottom. They
were at that depth when a slight explo-'
slon occurred, whigh caused- the men to
come up. and none too quickly, for on ar
riving two were exhausted, and their feet
j had to be rubbed for some time, hot
bricks tied to their sides and other means
adopted to bring them to.
It was thought unsafe to make any fur
ther efforts, and the train having then
arrived, about 10:30 p. m., with General
Manager Little and several experts a. con
sultation was held In the company's office,
at which the experienced miners connect
ed with the workings said they could not
see how any one would possibly be still
alive. Not wanting to abandon the efforts
to rescue the men before flooding the
mine, another effort was madu The fan
was closed at No. 5 r.nd started at No. 6,
by which action, if there was any fire
then in No. 6. it would draw the gas and
there would be an explosion. When at 4:30
a second explosion occurred all hope was
abandoned and the mine was flooded, both
pitheads being; sealed until the efforts of
to-day.
Searching Parties Penetrate the Fire-Swept
Colliery and Hope to Reach Bodies of
v Sixty-Four Victims To-Day* : .
Special Dispatch to The Call. \
•jj. yNI°N\ B. C, Feb. 17.-Searching
II I parties are to-night penetrating
1 1 ' J the Cumberland mines to begin
the work of recovering the bodies
"of the victims of Friday's
explosion. The first attempt to enter the
mines since the pit mouths were sealed
was made to-day and parties are now
descending, following the large volume of
air that is being driven into the mine.. If
their efforts continue as successful as at
present the miners expect to be able to
take -out some of the bodies to-morrow,
if the explosion did not cause the mine
to cave in.
The mines had been sealed since the
last explosion, which 'occurred on Satur
day morning at 4 o'clock. When Hon.
James Dunsmuir, the mine owner. In
spector of .Mines Morgan and McGregor
and a staff of officials arrived this morn
ing the covering was. taken from No. 5
shaft and the big air fan started. In its
ninety revolutions each minute, this fan
drove 100,000* cubic feet of air the
mine. This volume of air was driven in
for three hours and at 3:30 p. m. the man
ager and inspectors, together with eight
others, started down, a Davy lamp hav
ing been lowered first to make sure there
was no fire damp. The men were down
two hours before they returned, and,
some apprehension being felt for them,
two miners were "sent to see that all was
well. These miners found the party re
turning In safety. <
• Those* who descended • went along the
workings well on to where the mine con
nects with No. 6. They, saw no signs of
smoke or fire, a plain indication that the
streams of water poured into No. 6^ha\e
extinguished the ftre "there.* The bottom
of the mine In which the explosion oc
curred was deluged with water to a. depth
of forty-two feet before the water was
turned off.
When the fans have succeeded In driv
ing out the fire damp and gas, which they
are expected to do to-morrow, this water
will be pumped out and workers will en
deavor to take out the bodies of the sixty
four men— twenty whites, nine Japanese
and thirty-five Chinese. None of these
men, it is believed, lived for more than a
few seconds after the 'explosion. . Those'
who survived the concussion were prob
ably at once, killed by the gas and after
damp.
The official list of dead Is as follows:
¦WILLIAM. WALKER, aged 48. married,
leaves wife and four children.
WILLIAM WALKER. 20.
GEORGE WALKER. .18."
JOHN ALLISON, 20.- 1, * ! -
ROBERT BTEELE. single, 30.
ROBERT FLECK. 40. married, wife and
six children in Scotland.
WILLIAM DAVIS. 45, single.
JAMES HALLIDAY. 45, married, wife
and family at Lethbridge, N. W. T.
DUNCAN MUNRO. 40, married, leaves
wife and six children.
JOHN WHYL. 42. married. leaves wife
and five children.
THOMAS LORD, 33. single.
WILLIAM SNEDDEN. 40. married, wife
and family at Nanalmo; was going down
into mines to get tools to proceed to Nan
aimo to burr a dead child. ¦ ¦
DUNCAN McINNIS. 50/ widower.
GEORGE TURNBULL. 22, married.
JAMES GROSETTI, 36, married, wife
and family in Turin, Italy.
CHARLES DONA, 30. married, wife and
family.
LOUIS SIMONDI. 30, married.
SUNDAY TOILERS
OUTWIT MILLER
Arthur Spencer, a United
Sta^s Prisoner,- Leads
the Band. ,
Arthur Spencer, United States prisoner.
Impersonating- an officer and obtaining
money under false pretenses; Joe Harri
son; Luke McGluke, alias Frank Moran.
alias* Mac McLeary; Philip Anderson and
James Morarlty. all United States prison
ers, wanted for counterfeiting; Edward
McGuJre and Robert McAlpln, for Ha
waiian robbery: John Manning, burglary,
and Edward McGuire, sodomy, both of
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 17.— Nine pris
oners, at the head of whom was Arthur
Spencer of San Francisco, the" spurious
Chinese inspector, bigamist and confi
dence man, early to-day bound and
gagged the jailer and escaped from the
County Jail. None lyive been captured.-
The escaped prisoners are:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DELVING FOR DEAD
IN CUMBERLAND MINE
"When the darkness had almost disap
peared two women could be seen In the
distance, running to the scene of the ren
dezvous. They were Mrs. Nation and Dr.
Eva Harding, with whom she had staved
during the nigrnt- Mrs. Nation had actu
ally overslept herself by one hour.
Joint-smashing, she explained, had got
to be such an ordinary affair with" her
tbat ehe never had occasion to lose any
2£rs. Hation. I/eads tne Charge.
'"Where can Mrs. Nation be?" was
esked in some anxiety. No answer could
be given other than that she had prom
ised to be there at S o'clock.
And so the questioning went on. .Finally
the army was in the dark, dlsmaJ
corridor tinder the ea.«t steps of the Cai>
•:•¦* h<:.id:::z: and calmly awaited the com
ing ot their leader. As they waited their
number was augmented by many more
m<-n. ¦who entered the State House
grounds with a determined and grim look
on their faces and with axes slung con
veniently over their shoulders. Two men
<-am«? in with great mining picks and oth
ers had tledgehaxnmers. These weapons
were too large for the women, who com
posed one-filth of the party, and they
carried bright new hatchets. All the
plans were made. Soon the electric lights
on the street went out and day began to
breaJc.
"army" were posted. These accosted each
comer in true military style and obliged
l:im to give an account cf himself. If he
wore a white handkerchief around his
neck it was air right and he was allowed
to proceed, as the white Handkerchief wa.s
the emblem worn by the crusaders.
"What is your company V one would
ask of the other.
"Company C. We meet over on the
south stcj»s of the State House."
The-gatherins of the clans at tbe 'State
House grounds was conducted with the
utmost s-eeiecy. Very few knew about the
ir.tended raid except those going to take
part in it. At 4:30 o'clock dark, silent
:ottke might have teen seen hurrying
across the diagonal walks and the lawns
of the State House square toward the big,
ghost-'ike buiUiing in which the business
of .the State is transacted. At every point
of v&ctage ia t-he grounds sentintls of the
Gathering- of th.e Clans.
Ir. the crowd were a large number of
the students of "Washburn College, some
of 'he ministers of the city and a. number
cf professional and business men. The
cr wd marched ia perfect military order.
IJ ere was no excitement, as the men and
w-imen were tollowing the recognized
l^ider, whom they trusted implicitly. The
e. nip any marched silently .out of the
State House grounds, down Kansas ave
nue to the place on East Seventh street
kept by Ed Murphy. and amid the screains
cf the women, the ehouts of the men and
the dictatorial commands of the policemen
present trying to protect the property,
the front windows were smashed In and
won there was very little lett of what
::ad once ocen a well furnished joint.
Mrs. Nation was arrested nere. and
after being taken to the police station was
released. She then hurried back to a iiv
ery barn in which some bars were kept
acd smashed them. Then, at the head of
twenty followers, she went to the Moeser
cold storage plant and entered In the
searcn of some liquors she thought were
stored there. This line Mrs. Nation was
arrested by the county authorities ar.d
was taken to jail in a patrol wagon. It
was afternoon before sne was released
from jail on bond.-iind after taking dinner
•with. Sheriff Cook she went to tne First
Christian Church, where she was accost
ed fcv an citic*?.- with a warrant and was
taken to the- county jail again, tjhe stayed
tins time for two hours, ar.d finally her
bond was sijned by one of the jointUts
of the city, who is a. prominent ntjjro pol
:t:ci^ri. - *
This morning at 6 o'clock. Just as the
big b?!l on the Church of the Assump
tion tDwer was striking off the hour. Mrs.
Nation sallied out from the State House
grounds at the head of 500 men and wom
en, .-11 armed with hatchets, and moved
on tae joints of the \city. Nobody knew
but Mrs. Nation what the plans of the
raid" were to be.
pei.enced more genuine excite
ment than can be remembered by the old
est lnhabrant. Mrs. Nation succeeded in
having ttr contents cf a notorious Joint
smashed, iroke some line bars that were
stored in a building, broke ..Into a cold
storage lant. addressed a large mass
meeting *f men and women and was ar
rested f< ur times. The last time she was
arrested as the was coming out of the
church *-here the r.ias?-meeting was held.
She sa:s she will begin to-morrow morn
ing wh.'re she left off to-day, and will not
rest uitil all the joints in Topeka have
been c:osed.
p»»|-^OPE£A, Kans.. Feb. 17.— Mrs. Na
| tion put in a "busy Sunday in To-
I pekt to-day, and as a result the
JL cartal city of tbe State has ex-
¦V:' »J-&
Five Hundred Armed Men, Women and Boys
Fellow the Crusader in a Most Sen
sational Raid*
MRS. NATION LEADS
ARMY OF SMASHERS
sleep" on account of the excitement
caused.
And when I woke up(" she added, we
did not hurry, as the doctor's ciocK was
an hour slow. But we are here now. We
will begin work at or.ce. too. Get In line
there, men and women. We must, go
about the Lords work now. Get your
hatchets ready and fellow me."
And they aid. Carrie Nation, the re
doubtabie joint-smasher, was tbe leader,
and the people in the company followed
her slightest wish. Two by two. with no
excitement, weapons? in hand, they moved
out on their mission of destruction. In
the front proudly marched Mrs. Nation,
with her famous hatchet. Behind her
were Mrs. Rose Christ and Mre. Made
line Southard, who accompanied her on
last week's trip to Chicago, and Dr. Eva
Harding. Next came six T\'ashburn Col
lege boys bearing an immense battering
ram. Three of the boys were on each side
of the ram, which they held with one
hand, and with the other hand they
clutched a bright, new hatchet that had
bet-n procured f;>r them by Mrs. .Nation
yesterday. As they entered Kansas ave
«iue 8om'o of the women wanted to stop
and demolish Sims' drugstore, which .has
the reputation r-f selling as much liquor
as any joint in the city. Mrs. Nation de
murred. She had other plans and meant
to enforce them. She gave the order to
march again and the crowd followed her
as before.
As they passed another notorious place
the crov>d -wanted to stop again, but Mrs.
Nation had not yet reached her starting
point. The crowd then turned the corner
at Sixth street and soon reached the front
d"or of Murphy's fashionable Joint.
Four policemen stood at the door to
guard the entrance. They commanded
t»V people in very dignified tones to stand
back.
•Smash! Smash! Smash!" called out
Mrs. Nation. "Don't pay any attention
to them."
Boys Use Battering Ram.
The boys with the battering ram came
forward and In less time than it takes to
tell it the big plate glass windows were
shattered into thousands of fraisments.
Dozens of men then rush*d on the build
ing armed with their axes and soon had
the dcors and window frames cut entirely
away. Then with an exultant cheer the
crowd burst into the building.
"Praise God. women! Smash tho bot
tles ana the. windows!" called out Mrs.
Nation again, and raising her famous
hatchet she sent it through a window
glass that had yet tx-en left.
The policemen managed to recover from
their scare by this time and to grab Mrs.
Nation. They started off with her to the
station as rapidly as possible. She waved
her arms and frantically called out to her
co-workers: "Oh, keep it up! You can
do it without me! Praise God. keep it
up; keep on smashing. You don't need
me."
l"or a moment the crusaders were
thrown into confusion bv the removal of
their leader, but the parting words of
Mrs. Nation seemed to nerve them to
better efforts. The crowd surged forward
into the building and soon ail tbe front
part of the room had given way and all
could enter at will.
A man inside struck a match and then
turned on the electric lights. A case of
beer was founQ in the room and it was
soon smashed. Slot machines, cigar
cases, billiard tables, chairs, counters and
evjn the stoves were smashed to smith
ereens. The policemen danced hither and
thither, trying to keep the crowd from
destroying the property, but their efforts
w*>re expended in vain. The doors of the
outbuildings were smashed in, but no
more liquor was found. During the night
it had been removed to a place of safety.
In Need of a Leader.
After being- satisfied that there was noth
ing- else to destroy, the crusaders left the
building. Then it was that they found
their need of a If-ader. They once more
marched to the State House square, to
taik over the situation. The women com
posing the party were filled with wrath.
They declared that the men were cow
ards and that they never would go out
on a raid with them apain. The earnest
words of the women aroused the men,
and with loud crjes of excitement they
started again downtown to destroy some
rr.ors Joints and to make their work com
plete.
Then It was that the Rev. F. W. Emer
son, who was Mrs. Nation's manager
during her recent lecture tour, rushed to
the front and called on the crowd to de
sist from their purpose, telling them that
the entire city was now awake and that
further action would be useless. Dr. Eva
Harding .engaged in a spirited argument
with the minister, during which some' very
choice compliments were passed on either
side. What was. left of the crowd then
dispersed.
Bar Fixtures Wrecked-
But while this was going on. another,
and more interesting scene was being en
acted in another part of the city. The
doughty Mrs. Nation had been released
from the city prison as soon as she was
pott«?n there and she again started i out
on her work. She gathered about J her
si me of her followers that iiad not f«l
lcwed when the large number wen. 'back
to the State House grounds and com
manded them to follow her. She led the
v/ay to a livery stable, where some bars
were stored. She was met at the door by
the proprietor, who assured her that there
was nothing of the kind in the building.
She demanded to have the privilege of
looking, however. She ordered two or
three of the men present to ascend to the
loft and ascertain its contents, giving
them particular orders to search through
all the piles of grain, as there they would
be the most apt to find some liquor. Mrs.
Nation at last found in a little room back
of the office the tine bars that had been
ordered for the use of the jolntists of tne
city and never used. Picking up a leg of
a chair that was lying near by, she im
mediately smashed the mirrors and other
wise injured the bars.
"I wish I had my hatchet here." she
remarked: "but if I can't get it the leg
of a chair will do just as well."
Raid on the Storage Plant.
Sirs. Nation then led the way to tbe
Moser cold storage plant, where the
jointists cf fhe city have been in the habit
of etorine their extra stock. Only a few
went out with her • but she was deter
mined that this should be treated the
same as the Joints. Mrs. Nation man
aped to enter the cold storage plant, but
foend herself in the poultry room. She
then tried another place, and got into tna
en ? I 9, < L. r^ on i By thls Timo Sheriff Cook
and Chief of Police Stahl came upon the
sceno and placed her under arrest. This
time she made auite a scene, and was
taken to the County Jail in the patrol
wagon. Her arrest this time was on •>
county warrant sworn to by the colJ
storage people charging her with break
ing a lock.
When Mrs. Nation was aarain taken
downtown she was confronted with an
other arrest. This time It was for enter
ing the Murphy joint. By tf.is time th«
people of the city had bejan to wake up
and soon the streets were full of eaEer
seekers after the latest ncw3. Kxtra Is
sues of the morning papers contakilng tho
details of the dramatic happenin&s wero
eagerly purchased.
Mre. Nation thus gained one triumph in
the mornine. but another was reserve I
for her in the afternoon.- .t.,,f»?
Crasader ? s Second Triumph.
Mrs. Eva Marshall Shontz of. Chicago
was addressing an immense mass-meeting
of men and women in the First Christian
Church when she all at once stopped with
the remark: "Well. I guess tnere is 'no
use Tit me trying to speak any more."
The people looked toward thj main en
trance of the church and saw the reason
why Mrs. Shontz stopped talking.
Mrs. Nation, whom most of the audience
thought was yet in Jail, was walkimr
gayly up the aisle. The entire audience
arose, and the sacred edifice rang again
and again with the cheers of the admirers
of the woman who had led her followers
to victory in the morning. She was helped
to the rostrum, and here she bowed her
acknowledgments to the ovation she re
ceived.
Mrs. Nation raid she was going to re
main "right here in Topeka" until after
the city election, so she could help in the
election of the Mayor. *
The meeting then adopted some resolu
tions protesting against the pending re-
Bubmlssion resolution in the Legislature,
and as the meeting adjourned Mrs. ICa.
tion asked the Home Defenders to meet
her at the close of the meeting. Sha was
going on another smashing tour.
But her plans t. ere destined to be fruit-
PEKING, Feb. 17.— A few days ago
Count von Waldersee wrote to the gen
erals under his supervision notifying them
to have all their available troops ready
In two weeks for an expedition lasting
eighty days. -To-day General Chaffee and
General Voyron, the French commander.
received letters asking for their co-opera
tion and expressing a desire to know what
forces they can spare. In commencing
his letter to General Chaffee, Count von
Walder3ee says:
"Owing to the unsatisfactory nature of
the negotiations for peace and also to cir
cumstances rendering such a course desir
able, it will probably be necessary to re
sume military operations on a large scale,
especially toward tha west."
It is not thought likely that General
Chaff ee will agree to such a plan without
instructions from "Washington. The
Krench commander, however, is expected
to do so. Count von Waldersee's plan-*
contemplate offering the command of the
expedition in the first instance to Sir Al
fred Gaselee. the British commander, but
it Is believed that In view of his recent
illness. General Gaselee will inform Count
van Waldersee that he Is unable to accepn
the command. In that event It will be
offered to General Voyron, provided the
French fall in with the arrangement,
which Count von Waldersee believes will
be the case. Such an offer to General
Voyron would have the effect, it is
thought, of overcoming the difference-*
which have existed between the French
and Germans, because it would be a dem
onstration of Count von "Waldersee's con
fidence in the military ability of the
French contingent.
Ere long an announcement is expected
that the destination of the proposed ex
pedition Is Sianfu. The foreign envoys
believe its object to be to compel the Chi
nese to accept the terms of the powers.
U is thought that when it becomes known
that the expedition has started the-im
perial court will hasten, to comply imme
diately with all the demands of the Joint
note.
The military are much elated at the
prospect of active service. Many believe
the Chinese army will strive to the utmost
to protect the province of Shensi against
Invasion.
whom are Under sentence to tho Wash
ington penitentiary.
Tne men overpowered. Chief Jailer
Thompson, who was the only officer In
the jail. After choking him Into insensi
bility they bound and gagged him and
stripped him. of his revolver and keys
and made their escape. Spencer Is said
tp have crawled from hl3 cell through an.
opening seven by eleven inches, through
which food Is passed.
' He hid behind the door and when the
jailer opened^the cell door seized him
from behind, while the other prisoners
from the Inside rushed out. The Jailer
lay insensible fifteen minutes, and then
spent as much time working free from
the ropes placed on him. He promptly
gave the alarm. Then, hatless and coat
less, the jailer tore out of the build!ne
arer the first man he saw. This man. a
peaceful citizen, thinking he . was up
against a crazy man. fled, whilo after him
sped bullets from the gun of the Jailer.
Happily none took effect. •
As soon as possible a large force of
deputy Sheriffs and deputy Marshals be
gan a search, so far fruitless, for the
prisoners.
The counterfeiters were leaders In a
pang on whose capture the secret service
officers worked for months. Spencer la
the Calif ornlan who robbed coast Chinese
\jf thousands of dollars, pretending to be
a Government official. * McAlpin is a San
Quentln man. a desperado, well known to
tho coast police.
Condition Brought About by
Unsatisfactory Nature oi
Negotiations.
Troops.
Von Waldersee Asks
for All AyailaWe
WILL RESUME
OPERATIONS IN
WESTERN CHINA
¦ ¦ . ¦
... ... ,
THJE SAN FRANCIsdo CALL, MONDAY,, FEBRUAHY 18, 1901.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. . , ARRIVED. •
. Sunday. February 17.
Ncr stmr Berfenhus. Svendsen,' 43 days
from Hongkong. 30 days from Yokohama 32
days f rcm Kobe. 60 hours from San Diego."
OCEAN STEAMERS.
i.EW' YORK— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Potsdam
for Boulogne.* 1 Arrived— Stmr Pretoria, from
"Hambur;. . .
LIVEkPOOL- Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Tauric
for New York : stmr Bovlc, for New York
MOVILLE>-AiTlved Feb 17-Stmr Anchoria
f'-m New Yorlc.= for Glasgow.- • , ,...'.
. GENOA— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr 'Auguste Victo
ria, for NewYorlc. •' ' v ¦.•?.-.¦. v
QUEENSTOWNV-Sailsd Feb 17— Stmr Etru
rla,' from " Liverpool, for Now York. . ; v. j.
PORTLAND. , Maine— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr
Tunisian. .• from 'Liverpool; '-. stmr Peruvian,
from Glas-ow. • . .• . ;.
B.OOSEVELT INDIGNANT ,
. AT HAIR-RAISING TALES
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.,' Feb. 17.—
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt is in Colorado
Springs and is the guest of P. B. Stewart,
who was one of the members of the hunt
ins party in Rio Blztnco County during the
first three weeks of the hunting. Colonel
Roosevelt Is in excellent health and spirits
and will return tp the Bast in perfect
condition for the arduous duties upon
which he is to enter so soon. His time
until the inauguration, will • be taken
up with attending to his vast correspond
ence, the accumulation of six weeks. A
public reception will be tendered him in
this city to-morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock.
He expressed the desire that nothing In
the nature of a banquet be held, and the
reception will be simply a public informal
hand-shaking occasion granted to the
people of Colorado Springs by the Vice
President-elect because of the friendly
feeling that has sprung up between them.
Colonel Roosevelt is much annoyed over
the hair-raising stories that have been
circulated concerning his hunting experi
ences. To a correspondent he gave the
following statement to-day: :
No correspondent of any newspaper, no man
who wrote cr gave any information to any
newspaper nai within forty miles of where
I was hunting at any time during: the five
weeks I was out. | The sensational stories, such
as those describing: adventures with bears and
wolves were deliberate and willful fabrications
and. I understand, were written by men who
were not within hundreds of miles of where
I was.- We did not see a bear or a wolf on
the entire trip. Aside . from lynx and smaller
game our hunting was confined to hunting the
so-called mountain ".lions or panthers. - I got
twelve • of them. , I never, enjoyed a . holiday
more. I have never been out with a better
hunter than John Goff. His hounds are with
out exception the best . I " have ever seen for
their work. "As I arm obliged to go East: in
view of the nearness of ; the .Inauguration, I
am. to my great regret, unable . to address the
Colorado legislature In accordance with their
extremely kind request.?
. Blackleg Among Cattle.
.REDDING, Fob.' lT.^Blacklegr. a disease
peculiar to cattle, has' broken out ' in the
Bald Hills country. Stockmen fear it may
become epidemic.-. M. P.. Hlldreth received
word from : his drover on * Saturday * that
several animals .In his large - herd \ had
died. The carcasses have been, cremated
In the hope of staying the progress of the
disease." Inoculation. is. being resorted to.
DANISH GOVEBNMENT
BBEAKS OFF NEGOTIATIONS
LOXDOX, Feb. IS.— "The T>anish Gov
ernment," says tho Copenhagen corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, "has suddenly
broken off dealings with the United
States regarding the sale of tho Danish
West Indies. This Is due to a satisfac
tory offer made by the E>anish I East
Asian Steamship Company to assist and
in the future to administer the islands.
The American Government has been no
tified as to this decision."
less. Deputy Sheriff Lawson was waiting
In the vestibule of the church all the
while, and when Mrs. Nation came out
he stepped up to her. with the remark that
he had a warrant for her arrest.
Mrs. Nation smiled good-naturedly.
"Another warrant." she exclaimed. "What
can that be for? They have served three
upon tne already to-day."
"It's for defacing property," said the
officer.
"Liet's see It," said Mrs. Nation. "De
facing property! Why. I defaced no prop
erty I just destroyed It. I never defaced
any property. That is a ridiculbus charge
to bring up against me. But come along,
Mr Officer, I am not afraid of a Jail." I ve
had considerable experience with - them
lately while I have been about the Lord's
work." . . ,
Turning to the eager crowd or wonder-
Ins people she said:
"They have just pot another warrant
for me, and I'm going- to jail" again. I
will be right out, though, women, and so
go on malting your arrangements."
Arrest Causes Great Excitement.
Fully 2000 people followed Mrs. Nation
and the officer as they started to the
County Jail. The officer was obliged to
draw" his pistol to keep the crowd back.
It was with the utmost difficulty that the
jail was reached. All along the way Mrs.
Nation was in, the best of -humor. Th»
route to the jail- was through the most
aristocratic part of 'the city., and as the
people ran to their doors to watch the
strange sight of a great mob filling up
Topeka avenue on a quiet Sabbath after
noon they" were met with smiling greet
ings from Mrs. Nation. Young men pleas
antry nodded and tipped their hats in the
most gallant manner possible.
The news of, the arrest of Mrs. Nation
had reached the downtown. "district by
this time and as the officer hove in sight
with his . prisoner he ' saw the street in
front of the" Jail one seething mass of
humanity. Further up the street hun
dreds of others, men, women and children
were i running to the Jail -as fast asithtlr,
feet would carry them. If the interest in
Mrs. Nation had at any time been latent,
it had now broken out with fever heat."
The Chief of Police, with a detail of of
ficers, was soon on the scene,- and it. took
much hard work, together. with the vig
orous use of clubs and threats of. worse
treatment, to get an opening in the crowd
sufficient to permit Mrs.' Nation- to be
taken into the jail office. ,
It was a crowd bent. for the most part
on curiosity, but there were many turbu
lent Epirits there, and for a time it looked
like serious 'trouble would ensue. Nobody
knew any reason- for a-riot," but the riot
ers were there and a riot was narrowly
averte'd. •
At no time was Mrs. Nation In the least
alarmed. She remarked more than ¦ one©
that it was a very nice looking lot of
3
i OH. CROSS MAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
of tieceratlon.
ITU* |i » bottle. Tor eil* fejr drusglMv
Avisr- OR- JORDAN'S cheat
43GSEUH OF AHATGMY
§ Ok i:a«A£irrK.ut.e±i7tt.s.j'.sd.
* Cr TkeX^vreatAnatcaieal Maxuatiatkc
A WMd WekfcjK*M* c* a*r contracted
'* IE321 fcpcasUtfCBO'.-CoMt. EstjC/avi.
6 j^l ra.'CaOAH-FF.rf ATE DISEASES
6 t iy.xJti Tntnwm panoaaliy — br tetter. A
\ K V Vl m +*•¦*"* Carats ercr7caMtB<lerukea.
At S H& Writ, for hock. r«Ifc©«©WMr«r.
A A /I. »»lr«Ue book (or an)
V &)&. JCItDAVAt*. 2051 itarket St.. 8. t.
The Man who
cannot be touched
buckwheat' cake.-
— crisp, short
and tender —
Is not worth
bothering about
¦ J !
j '^B\ A g;ood suit
iMfl I ISf I 111 frlSk When we say a good
Biff 111 if'iT»f!lk suit we mean that li '
vlt IN W •'¦ \ '' 1 '!!wl j\ contains good cloth,
JiiBi i : % (m'S' lu good linin §» § ood can "
fefflavif : I'! ffligra vas, good sewing, good
P'flaA 1 1 ! iiilmi\ tailoring and we can go
ftlravH I ; wMm ill further and say it is as
yiillB' f flffilM ' g° od as the usuaI $ l *
llllllr I I \ ' Pinffi suil that you see about
Mifw* i i '!*! Wjlll W e can knowingly
rf8n*)i i ' nliHlia s P eak of . the § oodness - •
I p^^^^^P^ make them
i^l'^^B^IHflfH and surely we know what we are, giv"
Wwtoot wiirWliw ing you for your money.
l^ii' : Hffl liiilfta he *" irst ste P in securin S onc of the !
li'^WM'ffiPnH suits is to call and get our samples of
ll ll^fl iiiiHa the cloth> which are f fee ly given.
llHil'llrt 'llfjMiSi Oat-oftown orders filled— vrritc for saza~ •
n mHiI ilfffi US pies or self-measuring blar.k.
Jill SflWoo^ft*
'*^\ llilm ini I .718 Market St. and
if \tt ! «H iwwa Cor. Powell and Eddy.
ADVEBTISEHEKTS.San Francisco is again thV-viaim of jealous rivalry."
Denver has ordered anHnvcstigation of her Police Dc
partment just as we were having a little lun with'onr
own. We can .have, the satisfaction, however, "that
Denver can't beat us en Chinese perjury-
e NEW ERA GR0ND JURY.
rROM out the remote recesses of Georgia' there
comes a voice of good cheer; it is the voice of a
Grand Jury making a 'report of a new kind. In
stead of'reporting -upon, the '.condition of the jail and
other county institutions, the. prevalence of crime and
the difficulty of suppressing it, this Laurens County
jury took a survey of the Whole community and re
ported progress. • - r •• ' • ¦ ' ¦ • '- ¦;..'¦
The document began by. declaring: "We, the Grand
Jury, congratulate the County of'Laurehsthaton the
opening of the .twentieth' century there is .so much
evidence of enterprise 'and-'progfess ' on" every 'hand.
During the last decade the' County of Lauren's doubled
w population^ and Dublin (the county v seat) is more
than three and a.half times as large as in 1890, furnish
ing a market for the produce of the county unexcelled
in Georgia." * "' '* ' < \ .
Truly that- was a new and surprisingly glad voice
from, a Grand. Jury, but there was better to come.
The voice mounted- in pitch of joy-and increased in
volume of glad tidings,; as. it \ytn{ pn^ until, the .grand
sweet song closed in thci, words :•.= '.'We congratulate
ourselves upon the spirit. .of good-fellowship and har
mony which exists- between the people, of the town
and country, and trust that it will ever cbritinue to be
$<5.'' In the remotest corner of the county the people
take pride in the upbuilding of Dublin^ because every
person in Laurens knows that as that city increases in
the -county' k \yill increase* in importance
and every interest in the county will thereby be
benefited." . .. ., ,. ., _ „'¦¦ ... , t
Now none of that" may be legitimate Grand Jury
business, but all the" same -it is. better" business than
most Grand Juries do. It is worth imitating. Some
, California Grand Juries might find it worth while to
find out the good as well as the evil of their coni'mu
riitjes^and report luporr the: Harmony thatlexists be
tween the people, of the county seat and the people
"of, the. country. '. Talk; of that kind may. not tend , to
the Suppression of" crime or the improvement of
county institutions.. but all the 'same it may be as true
a bill as ever a Grand Jury fdund'ahd be more bene
ficial than the usual custom of reporting : all' the evils
of a community and i.one of its virtues. - -| •
pitying encouragement the firm grave him
Southwest Missouri in which to secure
trade, and when but IS years old he
packed his trunks with samples and es
sayed the forlorn hope of getting up a
"paying business" -in what was then re
garded as the slowest district of the West.
In six months he had proved that he was
a first-class traveling salesman, and in
twelve months he was reinforced with an
assistant. Southwest Missouri began to
be a profitable factor in the earnings of
the house, and the trade grew continually,
requiring soon a number of men to care
for it. -
Instead of limiting his field f>t .opera
tions to the newly discovered territory the
young salesman led his older helper up to
take full charge of the trade there and
then went back to his superiors and asked
for other tasks. They gave him in turn
the remotest, most difficult and least hos
pitable districts, and be built up valuable
trade in each. He did not fail to give
himself due credit for these achievements.
With all his silence, discipline and loyalty
he had a full appreciation of his personal
value as a salesman and organizer. After
three years of this work he toM President
Samuel Cupples. the head- of. the firm,
that he had reached a point where It
seemed most profitable for him to engage
In business on his own account. Mr. Cup
ples had already placed a high valuation
on the services' of the young Marylander.
and so instead of. permitting him to set
up as a competitor he offered to his sales
man the position of junior ¦ partner and
general manager of the firm. In twelve
years the young man had attained- the.
position of vice president and the house of
which he was yet manager had surpassed
every competitor In its" race tor commer
cial supremacy. *¦ ' ¦. ,>
The Rescue of a Great Library.
Up to this time Mr. Brookings' success
had been . dependent upon his ability to
gain trade, upon hard and incessant' work
and upon his ceaseless energy in. looking
after the physical requirements of a grow
ing business. In -1SS2 his. salary was-in
creased from $10,000 to $25,01X> a -year. As
a financier hfs talents were widely recog
nized, and he was accepted as a,n author
ity among credit men and a counselor of
bankers. He became a director of the
Mercantile library, 11 l?»rge, cumbrous and
money-losing institution dear- to the hearts
pf his fellow-citizens, but slipping into de
cay for lack 'of 'good business manage
ment. Mr. Brookings secured plans tor
a new building for the library, floated
the bonds and supervised the construction
or a suitable home for the books. - The
structure is one of the best, office build
ings in. St. Louis and a source of abundant
revenue to the" Mercantile Library, which
occupies the upper floors. Through sav
ing this popular public institution Mr.
Brookings came quickly into. prominence
as a wise and generous man of: affairs.
During the dozen years of his closest ap
plication, to business,' the young merchant
not only studied art, but became a liberal
patron- of artists.. His good . judgment
enabled, him- to appreciate the best prod
ucts of foreign and: home studios .and he
collected pictures of high merit., In Lo
cust street, near Jefferson avenue, he
built for himself a beautiful " residence,
¦ahd*"Br'ookIng»' bachelor hall"— he Is un
married—soon became famous for the hos
pitality 'dispensed there. ¦ •
A Notable Economy in Business.
•'. Not' satisfied -with having built Up a
trade the greatest of Its kind. In the world
Mr. Brookings conceived the idea of con
centrating under one roof and in one vast
warehouse. all the. great business houses
of the city. His. plan included the saving
of drayage, th« avoidance of warehouse
charges and of the loss of valuable time
in and 'shipping freight- of all
kinds.' lie Induced Mr. Cupples, his busi
ness associate, to Join him in acquiring
ground in- the heart of SO -Louis and erect
ing upon it a structure ..vast- enough to
house comfortably more than a score n'
the largest business concerns in St Louis
The leading wholesale grocers and jobbers
did not fail to see the advantage of the
change.; They became tenants of '.'Cup
ples Station."- as it is. called... So famous
was the success of this' enterprise that the
great, cities of, Europe, as well a> Of the
planning for the university's future. Its
old buildings In a downtown street "were
to his eyes dreary and unattractive. He
conceived the idea of making for it a new
home on a beautiful eminence near Forest
Park in the western suburbs of the city.
He headed a subscription list for the pur
chase of the land ami soon had prepared
the way for the new buildings. on the site
which he had chosen. •
Mr. Brookings then Induced Mr. Cupples
to join him in an audacious and generous
scheme for" the endowment of the univer
sity. A little over a year ago they trans
ferred to it the magnificent ."Cupples Sta
tion" with its . annual revenue of more
'than. $150,000. It was the most princely
gift to a university ever bestowed be
tween Chicago and San Francisco. *At the
fame' time Mr. Brookings transferred ti
the university his salary of S25.OX) a year.
He remains the president of the univer
sity's board of trustees, and under his
supervision a splendid group of buildings
is being erected for the institution's needs.
Getting a Hint From a Competitor.
Mr. Brookings' busy life has left him lit
tle time for extensive travel or recreation.
During the thirty-four years of his busi
ness career he has not had more than six
months' .vacation, and even then he was
not ablo wholly to withdraw his mind
from the affairs!* of his firm. Ills close ap
plication to Its Interests is illustrated by
an incident which occurred while he was
on a pleasure trip to Alaska In one ol
the coast towns he found on sate clothes
pins made by his firm, but bearing the
mark of a competitor^ Wondering how
his rival could undersell him with his own
wares he pursued hlg inquiries till he
found that while his goods were going to
Alaska by way of Cape Horn those of his
competitor were sent direct by way of
Vancouver. He was not content until Re
regained control of the Alaska market.
Within the last few years Mr. 1 Brookings
has purchased a beautiful estate and
country residence below Crystal City on
the western bank of the Mississippi. Here
i» his summer home, and here are .his
chief art treasures, his library and his
deer park, and here he spends such leisure
as he can gain from the cares. ot business.
PERSONAL MENTION.
. E. S. .de Golyer. a' mining man, Is at
the Palace. " .. -
Dr. A. L. Tlbbetts of Petaluma Is a
guest at the Grand.
• S. Levek, a hotel proprietor of Marys
ville. is at the California.'
t R. C. Stevens, a railroad official of Seat
tle, is staying at the Grand.
J. M. .Wilmans. a mining man of New
mans, is located at the. Occidental.
• W. S.j Carter of Santa Rosa is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
A. H. Thompson, a. merchant of Logan,
.IJtah, is at the California with his wife.
James McBride. an attorney of Sacra
mento,- is amon? the arrivals at the Lick.
Lew E. Aubury, a mining man of Los
Angeles. Is at 1 he Grand for a brief stay.
Sueu Chan, a member of the Chinese
legation- at Berlin, Is registered at the Oc
cidental. »
r J. J. Mack, a prominent grain shipper of
Bakefsfleld. is registered at the Palace
with hl3 wife. ' '.,*• : :
*W. H. Brennan. representative of the
Sembrich Oprea Company, which is to
play an engagement here, is at the Palace.
"VV. O. H. Martin, a banker and well
known resident of Reno, has taken apart
ments at the Occidental • with his wife
and daughter.
; Ex-Unltcd States Senator Charles N
Felton arrived In the city from the East
yesterday morning: and went last evening
to his Menlo Park home. He enjoyed a
four months* sojourn" oh the Atlantic
coast, but he derived his chief pleasure
1n planning to return to California, where
life is enjoyable.
i ARE/WE HHAD-hUNTERS?;
W.H^EN objection was made to some of the meth
ods pursued" in the Philippyves it was. metflw
the state'rtieut that the islanders' were of savage
Malay blood and were nothing but' head-hunters, ac
customed to taking the heads of their enemies and
putting the same on exhibition as a means of intimi
dation. At that time it seemed throughout Christen
dom that such a 'misuse of Jiuman heads was an evi
dence of barbarism so revolting that those who dil
it were outlawed from Christian sympathy.
The same Christendom that held up its hands in
horror at heathen head-hunting is now in China
piously struggling to open the way. for Christianity
to walk into the affections ol the people. We have re
cently published, the testimony of Americans to the
fiendish methods pursued by the Christian troops in
Chin?. The unspeakable crimes they have committed
are all the more horrible because their' vile and
beastly conduct stands in contrast with the courage,
enterprise and se.h'-restraint. of the heathen Japanese
soldiers. These !atter are admitted to have been the
best soldiers on the march and in siege and battle,
and not a stolen tael nor an inhuman outrage is
charged against them. Next after them in godd quali
ties our Alncricari soldiers are placed by common con
sent. But, untouched by any sentiment of mercy and
unmoved, by any good example, the Christian forces
of Europe have charged yip against them a record
biarker than was ever made before by any troops
civilized or savage.
. Sir Robert Hart, the English Commissioner of
Chinese Revenues, has' published in the Fortnightjy
Review a statement of the inhumanities which came
under his. own observation.: . It will be remembered
that when his wife went through San Francisco a.
few months ago' she made one of the first statements
about the system of butchery and outrage that pre
ceded and attended the march -upon Peking.
Sir Robert says: "The days of^Taepirigdom, when
native warred with native, showed' nothing worse, and
the warriors of this century can. be. as brutal; with all
their, wonderful discipline and up-to-date weapons, as
were ever the savages of earlier times" with toma-^
hawk, boomerang or assegai, and the puzzle is to ex
plain why it should have been so, or forecast the con
sequences in the future." . •• ' ¦ ' . ' '
Another Englishman, Dr. E. J. Dillon; who spent
six years t in' Armenia, a witness to the T.urkish out
rages in thatcountry which so' moved Christendom,
has printed in'ihe Contemporary Review an acoutit. of
bis observations -and experience in China while 'ac
companying 'the allied troops of ChrisYendorn. His
account is. under the caption, "The Chinese Wolf and
the European Lamb.". He says: "All, along the
march to Peking it -was. the same sickening story-
Chinese girls and women of alL ages first outraged
and 'then bayoneted by troops whose Government^
were wrapping themselves in the soft 1 wool of Mary's,
little lamb." \ ¦.'¦'.' ' . , v ¦ ¦ ', ''
Dr. Diilon then gives in detail the appalling crimes
he witnessed. through all the country between Peking'
I and the sea. He saw three daughters of a Chinese of
the upper class subjected to treatment unspeakable
and immediately after run through with bayonets by
soldier's who represent Christianity and civilization.
A Chinese father and his little son of eight years were
shot down in the name of Christian civilization while
they held each other's hands and begged for mercy.
Hundreds of. peaceful villagers were cut and hewn to
pieces after. witnessing indescribable' conduct against
i their wives and daughters"," which spared -'none -be-'
tween the ages of six and sixty.. He f saj's that Chi
nese women soon learned that.no worse could befall
them, than 'to fall'into th- hands of the Christians', and
I when the civilized troops entered a village the "women
A CHEERFUL TRADE OUTLOOK-
{F the formation of the gigantic steel combination
be excepted. last week was devoid of especial fea
ture as far as trade was concerned. This combina
tion, which rcpre'senls $800,000,000 of capitalization,.
lias been worked very carefully in order not to disturb
the money market, and in this, at least, has been suc
cessful. In fact the effect of the combination was to
steady a growing weakness, in. Wall street - and to •
1 race up the industrials, which were showing" signs of
flagging. The coal stocks .were especially : firm,, as.
they zxe intimately connected with the. iron and" steel
trade. Russell Sage .-eems to' take a 1 bearish vie'vv'of
the immense combine and rather looks for a financial,
squeeze later on. but "this operator's views are riot"
«hared. as far as known, by the other prominent
operators in Wall street.
As far as general trade is concerned good reports
are being received from all parts of the country. The
bank clearings for the week. showed a gain of 36.5 per
cent over the corresponding week in looo, arid Min
neapolis was the only important city to exhibit a fall
ing off. The gain at New York was very large, being
(35 per cent, and at Pittsburgh the center of the iron
and steel industry. 5p per cent. This shows a healthy
condition of the iron industry. Indeed, while sonic
disposition has been shown here and there to hold
back from buying iron and steel supplies until after
the final establishme.it ol the trust, purchasers are
finding difficulty in getting the mills to name positive
deliveries in the near future, and some are so crowded
with orders that they are> not looking for any new
business. Railway supplies and structural material arc
in the best demand, there is no disposition to shade
quotations for finished product?, and pig iron is ac
tually rising at Pittsbiirg.
The other staples cs a .rule arc firm, except wheat
and cotton. The former is carrying a load of large
EappSes and heavy world's shipments, which keeps
the market depressed. r-nd cottoti fabrics are quiet, with
tome mills idle and England buying raw cottou from
India, in unusually large quantities. Wool still lag-;,
though the sales at the three leading Eastern markets
rose to 6.792.000 pounds, breaking all recent records
and showing a gain of nearly 1,000.000 pounds ov~r
the same week last year. The boot and shoe trade is
ir.akinj? a very satisfactory exhibit at the moment
The demand is so active that many manufacturers are
booked several months ahead and buyers cannot- se
cure-March delivery save'in exceptional cases. Drum
mers are returning from the West and the South with
cheerful reports, and 'hebusiness is in good condition
ail around. The. feeling-in lumber is also firm. Pro
visions have been- more or less -unsettled for some
little time, but the. maiket is' without especial- feature-
Failures are falling off in number, though they arc
niil numerically ahead of la^st year, those for the weefk
being 257. against 218 for the same week last year.
Th» i> the biis-nic'ss showing for" the week throughput
}te .country, and it will be seen that it is a goon one.
There is little to, icport in the local situation.
BasincSJPiis good enough, but without. feature. There
;re no complaints from any rjuarter, and we seem to
be goinp^ahead contentedly .with no clouds in sight
l-Ttm produce is lagging somew"hat as usual at this
time of the year, and while the movement in merchan
dise may not be as active as it was last summer, it is
better than last year at this tirtic, as shown by the
regular incre'asc in the weekly bank clearings. The
weather has been ideal thus far this season arrd e'very
body is looTcing forward- to abundant harvests and
good limes. , • ' 7*".'^%
AL^K^N^TRADE.
r~\E)CENT flispatchpifrom-Tacohia announce that
jt^^^^5 s /y^9^^^^v^0^"^ )»ade-. lii" | tttat'.
r A.-^iy and at Sea'ttle-to" Kalidl&.th'e^Aiaskan^traae;'
which Js txpected this. year; toT.Vurpa.ss < all; previous''
records.' It is stated: ;/^ T oV less :than. two dozen sail
ing; vessels will start-^for Nome and- Bering Sea in,
April and May, and; th'at- twenty steamejs are^ being;,
made ready for business; along the' Upper Yukon.".:
It is added: "The- people of. Southeastern Alaska
&ve "petitioned Sen;rtor 'Perkins .to aid them in; se
curing a lighthouse/ and VtHc'r 'means of pVotectipm
for. the inside routc^ between 'Tacoma and SkaguayT
The petition sets forth; lhatfi5,ooo : passengers* 2Op,bp6
ions of freight and $26,000,006 in treasure are annually
transported over jhit^ou^e.", 4V ; ,
Doubtless the figures -are .to^ some" exteqt exagger
ated.^ but, making f verv; ajk}\y2}nc£ for si/ch; errors,
there* remains enough to 5how .thatjhe Pugct Sound
people are making vigorous efforts to reap nearly the
whole profits of the^groAVing ifade.bf Alaska:? More
over, it is quite cerf'ain the field is rich enotigh tore-'
pay the energy displayed ~iii . cultivating' it. "Enough
has now been done in .Alaska to prove, thatiit will be
able ,to sustain a considerable white population for
many years and nrohabby forcycr. .Thc.iountr\'. is rich
in; gold, and conjp^te.ntV experts, have estimated that
the territory belonging^ the 'United States " is richer
than the Canadian Klondike.' .'.¦.'.:.''¦•']¦¦¦¦ '.'¦'.' : ' A ':^ ¦'*
• Not long ago :Dr. c CabbiK Wliitehead. who left the
of&ce of Chief Assayer of tlie'^Mint at Washington to
goto Nome, wasTeported'brtlie 'NeW York' Sun as
saying.; "I have had four months and a half to ex
amine the subject to my own satisfaction, and I have
come to the conclusion that the mining region of the
Seward Peninsula, which includes all of Western
Alaska north o,f Norton Sound, contains the richest
placer deposits of gold of any that have been discov
ered" since the days of '49 in California. After having
made '.that positive statement I may qualify it to the
extent of saying that the Klondike region may pos
sibly exceed this region in the output of precious
metals during the next, decade,- but" I do-not believe
it will." . ,
It is to be noted, moreover, that the firmness of the
United States Circuit Court, sitting in this city, in
sentencing McKenzic to imprisonment for non
compliance with the orders of the court, will have a
wholesome effect in advancing the prosperity of the
Nome country. It assures, to the miners the ample
protection of law, and will ! prevent , any further
schemes, in the way of grabbing mines, such as se
riously interfered with the industry of the district last
year. .Thus the prospect of Alaskan mining is much
better than it has ever been before. The trade of the.
country will therefore in all probability go forward
with leaps and bounds, and the merchants of San
Francisco should note the efforts made at Puget
Sound to capture the trade and put forth equal efforts
of their own. ;
THREATENED REVIVAL OF CRIME.
Q N attempt will" be ma'de 1 to-day to* reopen the
I Y racetrack au Ingleside. This effort will mean,
to the people of San Francisco that dangerous .vice
is again to 'be given. an opportunity to corrupt the
men and dishonor the women of this city. Upon the
shoulders of, the Supervisors rests the responsibility
of preventing this outrage, men, who are the
official representatives of the people of San Francisco,
reed not be told what the racetrack evil means to this
city. They, as well as every one else in this com
munity, know what of disgrace, dishonor and distress
this evil has worked. .."V-X-, - .
They know of the crime which, as an inevitable're
sult, has followed the toleration of racetrack, gam
bling. Men in high official stations have/^dishonorc/l
themselves and robbed the city, the "State ,*and-thV
nation through their infatuation for track' 'gambling.
Homes have been wrecked, lives have been ruiried,
distress, poverty, mental, moral and physicaCcollapse
have followed where the evil of track gambling has
led. ' .! ,";!' '.\ \ .; \..;V- _.
The Supervisors of the city' know this, and ''upon
them. rests the stern responsibility of preventing Va*
repetition of the crime and disaster which this city ha?^
won through a toleration of a dangerous evil. If-any*
member of the Board of Supervisors Jare^presen'titOrt
day a measure designed to reopen Ingleside racetrack*
and re-establish in San Francisco the dread, scourge
of criminal gamblers, he cannot evade' the resppris?-'"
bility of being sponsor for that which means- mota'U
death to the people of the city. Supervisor Tob'in is
credited as being the author of the proposed scheme
to reopen the racetrack and to re-establish the crime
of track gambling in San Francisco. ',/ .• ' •
Supervisor Tobin represents, through his farnily
and hfs associations, one of'th- 'most powerful, !el$v
ments of moral health in the city. In his .keeping are*'
the savings of thousands of families. Does he da ; re to;
f?ther a measure which will-tempt these people- into
the way of evil doing and make .easy, for scoundrels*
the filching of money dearly earned? Does Super-,
visor Tobin intend to ask from the people of Sail"
Francisco patronage for a 'sayings bank while : He'
pleads for the harpies of a racetrack?^ Does he wish^
the people of this city to understand that he asks,thpr ,
savings and wants them to indulge ''£ game .that 'h"ai
made thieves of honest men— -that' has J destroyed^
homes, ruined lives, wrecked the hopes" and ambitions'
of families? If Supervisor Tobin wishes the people
of San Francisco to understand this he will present
to-day his measure demanding- the rc-establishmcm
of Ingleside racetrack. . ; ' ' / • * ¦'¦ \
The issue is a serious one. It has been for the
people of this city a most dangerous one. Each day
almost gives to the public a. new. and horrifying illus
tration of the evil of track gambling. The press and
the pulpit have proclaimed against it; will Supervisor
Tobin attempt to revive it?' The people of this city,
have a right to presume that his thought of family,
his sense of responsibility rand- his self-respec* will
prevent, him. . . .. ' ....
began: killing. -themselves, to -save their honor by
suicide. , •* ; ' ¦ : ' Z 5 • -• :-
Drv- .Elliott cays: "Buddhism and - Confucianism*
have their martyrs to chastity "which no martyrology
•will ever 'record. Those obscure rbut right-minded:
women flunghhemselves into the rivers and kept their*
heads under water until death had set his seal on the
sacrifice of their life. But a large number of ill—^
starred women fell alive into the hands of the allied
troops. I saw'numbers of them' in Peking and Tung
tschaii dead, with frightful gashes in their b"reas"ts,
skulls smashed in, and one with a horribly mutilated
body."
ThcTurkish outrages irt Armenia seem so mild by
contrast 'that -Christendom owes an apology to the un
speakable-Turlj for. making so much noise about his
misdeeds. ¦,¦ . ,' v...- . v
It is nqtipjea$ant p tqVread /'these, tHings nor.to pub^'.
lish them.«>Butfit*is : the duty/'oJTa newspaper. to h.old; :
the mirror |ip\'tV; nature thatchings may berseeir-as^
they are.'^AVe^iayeilipped^tHai.the conscience .of this'
couhtryijni^ht'^be'.quickene'd to. its" duty, of; protest,,
firm and effectlve^protest.'against the shame" that : \r
upon the' name bf.Christian/ciyilization because of the
ciethods -pursuedvin-'' China; *5 ; ' '' { -
-^W^^ave, watched the -wofk 4 of ¦negotiations in China '
\vi|;h^great.;atixiety, iooking!fpf:;a-prpgress and an out-*
come ; consistent with-.Vhe^prof^ssipns'' of the "nations
'that have China undeY-.thejr.Tjieei^.'V" V .' K .'>'''
s But we are sorry ,Vo say/tHat , no such outcome- is 'in
bloo'd'. atonement'.
v «TijJ \vill ' noi'J (s5ven':consenjt'; that the (^h^iese^Princcs
shsl>;haveitfic'p r rivile^eVof cqmmittingCsuieideJunles?!
iKe; EmperoiJ /wij j; aRreei|l^^|rie;r jhcads Jare ;'tq biv
ca'frie.d;on^j>o1es.' Mdj^t^iji^th'rougnQ^^inA I*' i :|.\
; say* thatl no Virnilhf^e'n'Qrnuty' > ever
stained : thefjilack' record o|*9rnar^j5^Q%fci^^r^aj
tribeVof/Anieriiqan ilndians^V- They iwere .scalpers! but-s
they/\vere : riot hea'fl^Huntcrs:;^ " : ¦ : <;-~* * •*' !.'. "] '•'.**':.«'¦*.
.'•¦• ¦ ''•'-•'¦ ¦ '¦>•'•¦¦ • ' '¦¦•>•>¦¦ ' >¦:•• ¦ "¦¦¦' '¦ *,•:• •:;•" •¦.'*.:• ••'¦•..•
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
v.It' Is reported that Eqiador and' Peru
have purchased several c*st-ofT vessels of
war of the French navy^
• • .1
The Siegfried, class, of \ coast defense
ships in the German navy tre p,U to b» re
constructed and receive npv armajn^nta.
There are six of these vetsels of which
one the Hagen, has b*fi lengthened
twenty-five feet with satisfactory results.
• • • i
The British armored ctu!|t Cressy. of
12.000 ton's, built by contact on ths
Clyde, will b«> ready for commission In
April next. The keel was 1-iti October 12.
1S38. launching took place }>ecember' 4.
1S39 and the official trial duri*; December
»*st. . . . 1 ;
The Japanese cruiser Nanhrt, built at
Elswick in 1SS3. has recently wen over
hauled and is apparently as* good as
new. The vessel -ad a trial trip after
repairs were completed, and fifteen knots
speed was anticipated, instead of which
the Xanlwa made 17.S knots. Her trial
speed when new was IS. 72 knots; and the
late good result goes to show that the
Japanese take good care of their* ships.
• • •
Great Britain has practically Tost thi
remunerative business of building war
vessels for foreign navies. Germany.
Russia and Holland build their own ships.
while France gets warship orders from
Spain. Portugal. Greece. Brazil and Cnlle.
Turkey is now patronizing Germany, and
the only foreign country getting ships
from British yard3 is Norway. Japan is
scattering Its favors and will soon be ablo
to bo independent of yards outside of its
owns confines.
• . • •
• • •
The new American twelve-Inch naval
gun of 40-caliber length is claimed to fire
an SSO-pmind projectile at a muzzle velocity
of 2JC-! foot seconds. This would make it
the most efficient Run afloat, for the Vick
ers pun of like caliber and length fires
its 850-pound projectile at 2700 foot seconds
velocity, but only 24S1 fobt seconds are
claimed for it. as the initial trial of a
new gun must not be accepted as the
work it Is ablo to do-ri^ht alonff. The use
of smokeless powder wears out th« bore
of the gun and rapidly diminishes its ef
fectiveness.
There are eight vessels !a the Spanish
navy still uncompleted, although carried
on the list as efficient ships. Of these
there are three armored cruisers, the Car
dinal Clanero. Prlncessa de Asturia.
launched five years ago. and the Cata
luna, begun in 1S05, and not yet launched.
The cruiser Estremadura, presented by
Spaniards of Mexico to the government,
is at Cadiz av.-altlnjj completion, and two
torpedo gunboats— Dona Maria de Molina
and Don Aivaro de Bazan. launched in
1S96 and 1S97. respectively, are still unfin
ished. There is practically no navy o*
Spain.
• .;-,; •,"' •
Thornycroft is building four torpedo
boats for the British navy, one being
launched January 23 last. Its official
number is SS, and the boat 13 of^the fol
lowing dimensions: Length. 133 feet;
breadth. 17 feet; draught aft. 8 feet a
Inches; displacement about 160 tons. The
engines are of 2S0O horsepower, calculated
to give a speed of twenty-five knot9 with
a load of forty-two tons. These are. the
first torpedo boats ordered since 1S34, and
indicate, a readoptlon of small vessels
capable of maintaining a reasonably nigh
speed in preference to the uncertainty of
excessively high-powered torpedo-boat
destroyers, which cannot be relied upon to
approximate their trial speeds after a few
months' service.
• • •
Contracts for ships building for the
United States navy are behind the time
stipulated for completion. The three bat
tleships Ohio, Maine and Missouri will
probably not be turned over to the Gov
ernment" in less than one.- to two yeara
behind the time. The six protected cruis
ers, which are due on delivery in June.
1902. are making slow progress, and the
four monitors to be completed next month
are far from being finished, the, Wyom
ing, building at the Union Iron Works,
being furthest advanced. The builders
of the sixteen destroyers and fifteen tor
pedo boats have been granted one year's
extension of time, and the contractors
aro still clamoring- for more. The chief
cause of these delays has been the in
ability to obtain material from the steel
mills.
• • •
It was stated some time ago by a yel
low journal in England and duly tele
graphed to this country that Mr. Wat
son, the noted yacht designer, bad been
requested by the admiralty to give his
opinion as to the best means of making
the new royal yacht less of a failure;
that Watson's report was a scathing crit
icism, and that it concluded with the rec
ommendation that the yacht ought to be
sunk" with all the persons who were re
sponsible for the failure. The only grain
of truth In the story Is that Mr. Watson
was engaged to give his opinion on the
vessel, but he had not up to two weeks
ago submitted his report, and he has posi
tively denied In the Glasgow Herald us
ing the language attributed to him. say-
Ing that the alleged "unfavorable reports
are as untrue as they seem to be mali
cious."
Robert S. BrookJnes of St. Louis, Cl
years'- old, worth JCO.OOO.COD, founder and
benefactor' of | various ' educational and
charitable v iristitiitiotJs?; - r was ' born and'
raised 'on : a' Maryland f arm. •' The' date of
his tifrth was January 22, J850. 1 - At"17 years
of age.' in 1 1S67, he-left his father's house
and went to; the Wefet. vApplylng- for work
at^ the office" of the'^Cupplesl. & "Warston
\\ oodenware • Company of ' St. ' Louis, he
was hired at" a small wage. Tal!, : vigor
ous,- handsome and silent, the "new boy"
qufckly established himself'as a' promising
•'cle^k in the growing woodenware hou&e,
•anfi a* the end of a year-his •early 'success
.and hfs boyish audacity prompted-»him to
apply-fbr'ajravelihg man's territory. He 
¦waS^cdnterrtivto take the least ''promising
aiid -most. 1 unpopular assignments for which
the. salary, was -the smallest. .With half-
L— BOBERT S 0MEBS BROOKINGS.
(COPYRIGHT. 1901.)
OPPORTUNITY- AND THE MAN.
i; ¦.•••¦/ ¦¦ • > •:...' . ;; . - •• ¦ •-; '
•' '.'\ '; .•¦ .-¦¦: " '¦''. . ¦ • >V "— — • — '
•'. ' (This, Berlp's, whlqh'-Is "under the direction of President Andrew P. Dr»p»r of the l"nl
: vversltj; .o£ Illinois, will .close'.'wlth "A Study of American Opportunity," by Senator
• _Qeorge ¦ F. Hoar of Massachusetts.) • - .
By. Richard H. B&nton.
United States, soon sent experts to study,
the merits of the vast warehouse In whJch
twenty firms transacted their business,
loading and ualoadlnjr frelgrht under their
own roof, where stood for their accommo
dation the cars of a dozen different rail
roads. At thfl time of its completion
"Cupples Station," the joint property of
Mr. Brookings and Mr. Cupples. was ap
praised at $3.onn.(yio. and its value Is now
reckoned at $5,000,000. Its net earnings
are more than $150,000 a year.
Splendid Endowment of a University.
Five years ago Mr. Brookinjjs was elect
ed president of the board of trustees of
Washington University, the- leading edu
cational institution ot St. Louis?. Its
finances were In a bad way. Its future was
circumscribed and its affairs were almost
at a standstill. From his own means Mr,
Brookings immediately supplied money*
enough to prevent the university from
running behind in. Its expenses. "I will
never be president of anything that has a
deficit, " he declared. Th^n he set about
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
The San Francisco Gall
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
. !.. •- • ... . ; .. ¦
The; Rise of a ; Minion,aire Philanthropist of
St. Louis, Illustrative of the Opportunity
and the Man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM^ MONDAY, -FEBRUARY 18, 1901.
MONDAY FEBRUARY :i8, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.-
At&nn All CcmmctSwUoai to-W.,6. LEAKE. Kattger.
«A\AfiEn> OFFICE. - .'i. . .. .Telephone Pre«» SOI
riDLICATIOX OFFICbTT. Market and Third, S. V.
Telephone 1'resa 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Slevemon St.
Telephone Preii 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mnsrle Cbpfen. S Cent*. .
Term* by Mall.' InclndlDR Fos«asre« ¦
r>AILT CALL OncludliiR Sunday), one year *«-00
PAILT CAIX (including Funday)', 6 months S.00
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-M
DAILY CALL— By Sinrle Month *5«
frXDAT CALL. One Tear 1 ; 5°
"WEEKLY CALL. On» Tear;.. .' ; • *- w
All iinMnmMrrn are anthorlied to receive
¦ nbxcrliitlnno.
Earaple copies will ¦ be -foncarded when requested.
Ma'l rubf-criber* In ordering: change of, address should 1*
rH«lr«lar to give both V*EW AND OLD ADDRESS- In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ...".* 111S Droadway
C. GEORGE KBOGXESS.
fificigtr Fertipn Acrttlitizg. . Marqcett« "Bending. Cbie»gj.
<Lon« Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEVC YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIILTOX. Herald Square
»CEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHFA n. SMITH. . • , 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
VTaiacrr-AFtorla. Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Hurray HIM Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bbcrmaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium -Hotel:
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140G G St., Jf. TV.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent. :
RRASCH OFFICES— ZT! Montgomery, corner of Clay. op»a
until 9:S0 O'clock. SOO Hayes, open 'until 9:30 o"clock. %33
McAllister ope,n until 9:30 o'clock. " 615 Larkln, open until
?.3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. KS1 Market. ¦
crrr.er Sixteenth, cren until 9 o'clock. 1C3S Valencia, open
«jr.t!l 9 o'clock. :06 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-jwond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
ROBERT SOMERS BROOKINGS.
- .' Affectation sftrings frojn the desire of
mankind to appear better than It really is.
AT ; HdTEL ? DEL CORONADO the' Mason Is
noTv on at f ull . tide. American ; and European
plans, f. Best of everything, including" the char
acter of .entertainment. f \ppty,4 Kew'Mont^Di
. cry .St.." city, fyr special ticket.
The prohibition raids of women in Kansas have lost
thgir last clement of originality. The male raiders
who have been assisting the female enthusiasts will
insist upon getting drunk upon -the liquor which they
have stolen.' This species of "loot" has a tendency
to injure the crusadc.._ ,....-_ .
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HAPPY CHILD
is one who grows, without in«
terruptiqn of health,- from a
baby up — except the inevitable
diseases of children.
And Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oif has done more, in the
26 years of its existence, than
any half-dozen 'other things, to
make such children.
It keeps them in unintemipfe
ed health. It is food that
takes hold at once, whenever
their usual food lets go. ; i
We'll scd you a littie to try, It yoa ftfce. .
SCOTT .&.B0WNE, 4°9 Porl «rtet, J»ew York
Ceylon Is setting its house- in "order*
agrainst the arrival of the plague. In the
past year In Colombo the municipality bas
had 60.000 rata killed.
Go to the Inauguration.
The Santa Fe will maka excursion rates tram
California points to Washington and return on
the occasion of the retnausuratton of President
MeKlnley. March 4th. The tickets will b« «old
on February 24th and 25th aad will b« jood to
return, starting from Washington, not later
than March 8th. West of Chicago, however,
the tickets will be good until March 55th.
These tickets W.U be honored on the Calif Arjla
Limited.
Hamburg Is one of the wealthiest cities
In Germany, yet It has only 299 persons
who pay taxes on an Income of over $25,000
a" year. ____
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Pre"ss Clipplrrg Bureau <Allen's>. 513 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
', Cal. glaco fruit]50c per lb at Townse-nd'a.*
Before marriage men and women argue;
after that they dispute.
Choice candles, To-wrisend's. Palace Hotel.*
T!v-]!— •"Wizard of the Nil"-."
Or.tral— "Chimtnif Faflden."
California— 'The Waif? of N'ew York."
Alhambra— "Uncle Jo?h Spruceby."
Orphpum — Vaudeville.
Grand Op«-ra-liou!=«> — "La. Tos.-a."
Alcazar— "What Harr>?nedl to Jones."
Olyrr.pia. corner Mason arid Eddy street*— Speciattks.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every "afternoon and
•ventng.
FiFoher"!'— Vau<1<"vill*.
California Jprkey .Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tar.foran Park— Races. '
AMUSEHENTS.THE REV.. A." C. BANE DE
. NOUNCING VICE IN CHINA
TOWN.
ENFORCING SUNDAY CLOSING.
Officers at Los Angsles Mass Several
Arrests.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17.— Policemen In
citizens' clothes to-day made the rounds
of saloons and restaurants suspected of
violating the Sunday-closing ordinance,
and, besides many minor arrests, the bar
keeper In the Hollenbeck bar. connected '
with the hotel of the same name, was ar
rested. The law', permits the sale of
liquors in original packages and when
served at meals, and it is said that many
places evade it by a "fake" lunch and by
drawing beer into soda-water bottles. In.
the cases to-day, it is. asserted, no cloak
was used to cover the violation of the law.
Battle With Maya Indians.
MEXICO CITY. Feb. 17.— The Federal
troops had another engagement with
Maya Indians yesterday and the troops
turned their flank and drove them from
all their forUfled'places. The new Mauser
rifles are found to- be extremely effective
against the enemy.
Queen Sophia Recovering;.
STOCKHOLM. Feb. 17.— The condition
of Queen Sophia is> so much, improved that
it is 'now believed she will no longfw b«
confined to her bed. «
REV. VT. M. "WOODWARD, pastor
of, the Epworth M. E.V Church,
preached • last evening" against sla
very . in Chinatown and gambling in
" V this city, i He took a decided stand
against' the nefarious practices.* In p art he
B»ld:», / ' ¦-¦'.'- ¦- .'
•'The presentation of this reso
lution ' to permit ' gambling " and :
poolselllng at^ Ingleside," against
the decided; vote of >the' people
last " fall, ' tooj' ihowi :. that tthe
gamblers have a strong hold . on
the ;' Board .off Supervisors." "or, It*
never would get so much as a
hearing. It » 1* a dastardty at
tempt to override; the will of the
people. ' '.,. .,'.' ¦ ¦"...." : . f ~.L
•."There.is nonobjection whatever'to racing'
horses o"h /the Ingleside track. '¦ ..: v Turf men
can use It to their hearts' content. If they
WILL OF THE
PEOPLE MUST
BE OBSERVED
REV. E. It. NELAN'DER of the First
English Kvang*Hcal Lutheran
Church preached a strong sermon
.last, evening on the Chinatown and
racetrack evils. In part he paid:
"A burning disgrace to our boasted Chris
tian civilization Is the traffic In human
chattels that obtains in Chinatown. That
old 'legend of a monster to satisfy whose
appetite a city had every year to sacrifice
a number of Its virgins, who were led away
trembling to -his bloody den. Is no fable In
San ' : Francisco. O. the unspeakable guilt
of whites and Mongolians alike who grow
rich on the red revenues of this Infamy!
Was ¦' God .: long-suffering toward the peo
ple of Sodom?:. How much more toward
us. who sin, against a greater light? It Is
of -San Francisco that the Master" says, 'If
the mighty works had been done in Sodom
that have been done 'In thee, it would long
ago have repented in sackcloth and ashes;
wherefore, it shall be more tolerable In the
day of Judgment for. Sodom than for thee.'
Hardly Ices iniquitous, is the proposition to
reopen. Ingleslde. The cultivation of a
horse's speed is no.more'sln than the cul
tivation of 'vegetables. If the Lord made
fast hqrses it was to have them, go fast.
The evil begins when the betting begins.
"The racetrack as It Is conduct
ed to-day, is a training school
for vice and defalcation. It has
become a synomyn for nil that in
degrading. The majority of the
people of the. city *o understand
It, and nt the poll* *o expressed
their opinion when the poolroom
amendment . wm submitted ¦ to
them.. -It. Is claimed the race
track* should be opened In the
Interest of the cultivation of the
California; horse. • Let the issue
be drawn. It. means the ruin of
the California boy. Which shall
it be, city fathers, the California'
horse or the California boy?
"The condition of thtngs have made a
great many ' good people pessimistic as to
better things for our city; but matters
have not. gone so far 'but what there is
hope for! reform." The hour is at hand
when lovers of order and ' decency p will
awake from their trance of lndi (Terence and
see, ojt a man seas a landscape illumin
ated by lightning at midnight, the relation
of clean . government . to domestic • purity,
to personal liberty and whatever Is pre
cious in life; and then the day of munici
pal Judgment will draw near."
INGLESIDE IS
A HATCHERY
OF CRIMINALS
acainnt thin bill, /which !¦ a step
backward and downwnrcl." -
FOLLOWING are extracts from a ser
mon - preached by. Rev. ; P." A. Doane
at Mlzpah Presbyterian Church last
evening: '"•-,'' ¦
-vrf." When the immortal Lincoln with
- stroke of pen signed the emancipation
" proclamation, and .with precious - Hfeblood
of this nation was' Indorsed, surely Its'in
• tended ; meaning .¦¦: was '.'forever prohibiting
slavery and Involuntary servitude within
the - United - States^'./, Is there ? no longer
slavery In our midst?. „ _ r .-...•.
"Lately , I saw " a ; weeping , Chinese girl *,
ledto a carriage by one of her own coun
trywomen, assisted by a white man. What
did It mean? Verily that this poor gfrl bad
¦ been rescued from a slave owner; and * life
of shame in Chinatown to be cared for by
Christian ¦ friends.
"Concerning gambling it is absurd to say
that it does not exist In our .midst.' When .
a ¦¦ young . man comes to me as one did ' re
cently, desiring to : be led back to a right- .
eous life, v and said. ¦• ;The Cafe ., Royal^haa
« been ; the ! cause of. niy "f downfall,' ; and fur- *~
thermore when lottery, tickets are shown by.
others ''. who"; procured '• them • In Chinatown.
I • say * such ; evidence'* is ; most : . convincing. *
' "" VI r, am ¦ against ;. gambling J in -\ all " forms
and In -all places, but naturally * because I
RESPECT THE
RIGHTS OF
THE CITIZEN
changed." . • , , j | ;
Continuing, he adds:
"An evening dally paper warns the min
istry to avoid the trap that unscrupulous
investors in the racetrack , across . the bay
have set for the unwary. Even if this ad- "
vice might otherwise be sound it can be but
useless now, for thus the ministers of this
city had been deceived three . times al
ready, and to listen at this late day to
these warnings confesses previous ignor
ance,. which disqualifies flie pulpit from
fhe right to moral leadership and places It -
beneath the reformer's notice. :
"I hold that the , ministers 'have not been
deceived. I do not believe that a single
preacher who waxed eloquent- In .1899 and
19C0 In defense of our day of rest and of
our homes, against the evils of . Ingleside
would care to retract a single word.
"In the meantime the gamblers . have
preached most effectively; their gospel is ;
that of persistence. W.hy should the
friends of morality grow I weak and " fall
by the. way?
"Declarations do not create facts. To say
that the closing of Ingleside has in no way
lessened . the evils o£-gambling about' the
bay In no wise establishes the claim.:
•'I believe that Ingleside's prox
imity to this city, with Its quick
and Inexpensive means -of tran
sit, is a fertile. source of crime
anil Is prolific, of 'ruined home*
and of blasted character*.
"The press has furnished the public with
long lists of facts to . prove that this be
lief, is sound. '. Let the, evening paper pro
duce its proof of equal crime and ruin in
the life of the Oakland track and we will'
pause. ¦¦.¦". < ;¦ ¦¦-. • - • ¦ •'. "- '
- "Tet sin should always be fought In every
place and reformers may well rejoice when
the house is divided against itself.
"Even agitation against an evil Is not
without its own inherent worth, though no -
immediate, results are gained.
"One may admit that the ministers of this -
city have | nothing in common with the
managers of the Oakland track,, and that
the press which opposes Ingleside is sub
orned to, the selfish ends of the pools of
Oakland, ' and still the '.minister's duty Is
plain— he condemns the reopening' of Ingle
side." • • ¦¦-... •: M$&
REV. H. T. SHEPARD of the Olivet
Congregational Church has not
changed ' his views as to racetracks.
In a communication to this paper
the reverend gentleman says:
"Lest silence should Imply indifference
or neutrality a word of emphasis may have
appropriate place in reference to the re
opening of Ingleside.
"My of March 12. 1899. of March
4, 1900. and of January 27, 1901, are un-
DR. SHEPARD
ABHORS THE
RACETRACK
simply want to race for the pleasure of It
the way Is now open without an ordinance.
This, however, is the slimmest excuse
imaginable. It Is the gambling they want,
and they are willing to defy the will of
the people to get it. If this resolution is
passed the gamblers wilt have all they
want. It is freely acknowledged that race
gambling will not pay for a longer period
than ninety days In San Francisco. If they
can secure thirty-six days at Ingleside the
balance of the time can be made up at
Tanforan and Emeryville. . This gives to
the gambling fraternity all the time for
poolselllng they Care for. Keep Inglestde
closed so far/ as poolselllng, bookmakl.ig.
etc.. "Is concerned.
"It is such defiance- td the will of the
people which encourages mob law. They
will not endure very long having their will
trampled under foot. Compel the gamblers
to obey the law, as well as every one else."
"And now the Police Committee has
brought to the Supervisors a bill "to legal
ize gambling on ' the j Ingleside racetrack
thlrty-slx days of the year. There ¦ Is now
no law forbidding ; the races. .The true
sportsman has an open field. The gamblers
are the ones who wish -legal protection.
If "legalized at Ingleside for thlrty-slx 'days,
why should not gambling be legalized else
wtiere .pnd all the time? Will -true 'sport
ing men, many of whom are' gentlemen 'qf
.wealth, and lelsure/ask that to a legitimate
sport there shall be attached" a dishonest.,
debauching business, managed by 'sharpers
and criminals, who will invade our city to
Btcal the hard-earned- money, of the poor,
to ruin young men. destroy. homes and:de
moralize society? Gentlemen.' who own and
love fine horses, .will you race them' for
pleasure at such a cost of life and character
and public welfare.? ; . .'_ . •;
"Memberi of the ' Board of Su
'pervisors,'" the honest, law-abid
ing people' of this city look to
you . for .'" protection ; from , this
great source of ; evil. : Will you
now reverse, your former action
and legalize, this evil' agency f
..The. public wel fare, the voice of
the . churches and the voice, of
God make their united protest
"The Questions on the lips of true men and
pure women are: Who Is responsible for this
crying disgrace? Where are the officers of
the' law and why are they ' neglecting their
sworn duty?' The people are looking. to the
Mayor of the city, the Chief of Police and
the Grand Jury, and their demand Is that
the laws b* enforced - and- this - shameful
traffic In human souls be stopped.' " ,. -;'¦*-"
REV. E. A.. WOODS, the well-known
'pastor of the First- Baptist Church,
ppoke at length upon the slave-trade
.In Chinatown and the racetrack evil
in a prelude to- his regular sermon
last evening. In part he said: ,'r.'J t j\
APPEALS TO
THE BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS
"Our own police seem to be efficient In the
use of the ax In semi-occasional raids upon
th« outer doors of camblinc dens in the
Chinese quarter; now let them wield the
same weaixtn in smashing the doors j of
brothels, gambling tables and the heads of
the lawless who shall resist them. A sharp
ax is a legal instrument for the suppression
of rattlesnakes and mad dogs.
"Thls spirit of compromise or
complicity with acknowledged
evil is apparently back: of the
proposal to allow racetrack gam
bling in the city: but if the exec
ntlve officer of. San Francisco Is
too weak of arm or heart to sup
press thut which the laws-con
demn let him resign in favor of
.Mrs. Carrie Nation, and let the
sanction of the Inw be given to
her effective weapon for the sup
pression of lawless dens . of
Iniquity.
"The proposition to .rellcense
poolselllng nt Ingleside race
track in n proposition to legalise
flu incentive to crime, to compro
mise with the vicious elements
of society, which ought to arouse
the indignation of every true
man in the city.
"The testimony before the legislative com
mission relative to human slavery and to
gambling would indicate a timidity or con
nivance on the part of those sworn to exe'
cute our laws which is a reproach upon the
courage and honesty of the citizens bt this
city, who are shamed through their repre-
. "D X a prelude to his sermon, last even-
I lnr. Rev. E. F. D'.nsmore, pastor of
the Second Unitarian Church, spoke in
part as follqws:
FAVORS THE
USB OF THE
NATION "AX"
"(?) The social evil among both whites
and Chinese is a great source of municipal
corruption. The condition of Chinatown In
regard ' to social Impurity makes It ' the
worst plague epot In the city. Here a sys
tem of inhuman slavery is carried on
among Innocent Chinese girls that this
slimy pit of disease and death may continue
to pollute our city. These awful evils must
stop. To enforce the laws pertaining to the
renting of property for either gambling or
prostitution purposes would aid 'very mate
rially in remedying these evils."
?
"If onr law-making body deter
mlnen to sell the city into the
hands of a compact of gamblers
they alone .must assume all the
terrible responsibility.
"I cannot believe that these leaders in
our city lite will do this thing. This ques
tion of so much Import to our city's good
name needs no further argument; it has
been settled once for. all as far as the senti
ment of the city is concerned.
the thought o'f opening' Ingleside
gambling ncnlnf
"In the face of thin 'and of. all
the earnest petition*,: protest*
and prayer* of ..the united
churcbe* nnd the better, citizen*
of our city, la it 'possible that the
Mayor and the-Board of Supervis
or* will ent-rfain for a moment
"That our municipal life is unclean is ob
vious. Some of the sources of this unclean
ness are: (1) The gambling evil. Gambling
dens and lottery Joints have been moving
along with apparent Immunity from the
law. -Our. Police Department • has either
been unable or unwilling, to cope with the
wide open gambling in our 'city.
REV. F. K. BAKER of the First M.
E. Church last j night delivered an
able sermon on "Municipal Unclean-
and Its Remedy." In part he
raid: ¦• .
CITY SHOULD
NOT BE SOLD
TO GAMBLERS
• "It Is no argument that Oakland haA rac
ing. Because John Jones -gets drunk ajid
beats his wife Is no reason that I should
do the- same. Because Oakland has a vice
in the form of a racetrack Is no reason
that San Francisco should have the same
vice. Tbe talk of the Mayor on this sub
ject is extremely illogical and could only
come from one steeped with a desire for
gambling.",- _ ¦''¦' « - --
Through the noble efforts of the better
element of this city the Ingleside racetrack
was closed a year ago. Now an effort Is
being made f.o reopen it. What docs . the
thug element of this city want? The track
was legally closed by our Supervisors and
with It went the pool selling of our city.
Our people voted no gambling at the elec
tion last fall. These things are enough to
show that this city does not want theso
gamblers and racetrack people.
••Reopen the track at Ingleiilde
and gambling, with all Itm deadly
effect*, will I»e full upon na. A*
we have driven out the vice, by
all means keep It oat.
REV. W. E. DUG AX. pastor of the
Stewart Memorial United Presby
terian Church;" preached an eloquent
fcrmon against slavery In China-
town last t-vening. He also took oc
casion to express himself . on the race
track evil, in part he said:
"The curse of Chinese slavery is upon this
free city— the -bitter cry of its victims is
in our ears; the blood of slain gamblers
crieth to us from the ground; the misery
endured by them and caused by them cov
ers every one of us with guilt and renders
us liable to retribution If we fall to do
what we can to rid ourselves of the loath
some burden." ____^__J__ '
9 — .
GAMBLING ON
RACEHORSES
BRINGS RUIN
"They dare not enap their fingers tn the
face of a determined and clean-handed citi
zenship, as the Tweed ring did a few years
ago, and Impudently ask 'What are you go
ing to do about itr
"If the Board of Supervisors) at
their meeting to-morrow after
noon hhnnlri vote to reopen the
Inclenlde rnretrack to the cam
blern, and thereby bring npon n«
ftnch a record of crime n*> dln
urrnccd oar city before that track
wan cloned against Rambling, It
In the fanlt of the citizens, who
arc either too lazy or too nelf-
Ifth to do their dnty. Oar city
ofllclaln can be legally compelled
to fulfill their obligations, and,
falling to do no they may be
turned out of office.
IX the course cf a sermon last night In
Richmond Congregational Church on
"Delay in the Enforcement of Divine
Law" the pastor. Rev. Philip Coombe,
said, in part:
SUPERVISORS
HAVE A DUTY
TO PERFORM
"The one bright spot in this pad picture
is the glory of the rescue work. ( Too much
cannot be said of the noble women who al
most daily risk their lives to snatch ' now
and then one . from the burninc and give
them a home and a hope. The. work of res
cue, as operated by Miss Donaldtna Cam«ron
of the Occidental Board Home. Presbyterian,
and Miss Lake of the Methodist and others,
is of incalculable value, nor should the good
orflces of the police and the Society for the
Prevention of Vice be overlooked. But the
arm of the law- should exert Its full
strength. The evil should be totally abol
ished." .
• m ¦
The auction block In" America less than
forty years after the proclamation of eman
cipation? Is it possible that in this fair
city the moet nefarious* system of bondage
and .traffic in" human flesh known anywhere
Is being daily and shamelessly carried onT
It is not only possible, but a palpable and^
public fact. Shame on a city government
that in the presence of law and a public
sentiment already Outraged and aroused
still permits the Importation of Innocent
girls under pretext of a home and then
allows them to be sold to gratify the pas
sions of base men. It is well the recent
investigation has been made. The search
light should penetrate every nook and cor
ner of the infected district and brins to
justice any who are parties to the crime.
REV. HERBERT N. BEVIER. pas
tor cf the Memorial Presbyterian
Church, Jast night delleverd the fol
. lowing strong denunciation against
slavery in Chinatown:" • '
"What? Slavery in the land of freedom!
DENOUNCES
SLAVERY AS
* UN-AMERICAN
••GeDtlemen of the Board of Sn
prnifor*, we appeal to j ou that
we elected yon to uphold law and
KDpprcci crime. If you regard
the city's) reputation or your
own. vole down till* proposition.
Ever)- Chrlatlan man and every
pore mother vrlll be outraged if
you open thin cesanool - of vice.
ue4 me amarr the Mayor and the
fupervtaora that every man wh«
votra to reopen InsrleKide v»lll
dig bla political (crave/'
••To reopen Imclenlde racetrack,
¦»v I til itm cmnlillns, l« to violate
nttttute book*. To reopen Ingle,
mfde Is to open the floodgate* of
••rime and dlsffracr.
"An effort Is being made by the Board of
FupTvisors to reopen Ingleside racetrack
¦rttta its poolsclling, gambling, shame, theft,
embezzlement, poverty and suicide. Why
•ar'.ll not our. public officials work as hard
for the moral part of the community as
for the immoral? Do they hot know that
gambling is a vice attended with all kinds
of crime? Do they not know that accord
ing to the publithod opinion of the Mayor
¦It is a great evil, which the records of the
city abundantly prove, and should be dis
countenanced end suppressed T
'Uncle Tom'a Cabin T Must the blood- of
fjr dead Union eoldlers of 1SG1-65 and the
ghott of Lincoln the liberator rise to haunt
an<l Khanie us?
"Chinatown is demoralizing our police,
cjr men, cur boys, cur women, and It
should be remo\'ed from the heart of the
city. Mutt San Francisco give to America
"B> used to have a cry. •The Chinese
must goV It ought to be repeated, but a
new cry added— "Phelan must go'.' 'Sulli
van murt go'.' Wittman must go!' and
'Every Chinese hireling must goT
"The Mayor's brother-in-law rents prop
erty to these slave owners and then sur
rounds them by high .fences with signs to
keep all white investigators out. Testi
mony was given that the police received
tribes to let this traffic alone. The Chief
of Police has been proved incompetent and
fce or his men untrue.
¦'Th>- investigating committee has received
the draft of. a bill which they trill present
to the legislature, which. If It pas»«?n,
will enable us legally to stop forever hu
man slavery in Chinatown. I call on the
L«TlMature to" pats It Fj>eedily and unani
mously.
"It that the people should keep a
rl-^wr watch over and in closer touch with
municipal affairs. The cripie and disgrace
cf gambling is bad enough, but that is all
¦voluntary. But. worse than this, it has
f.f n brought to light that involuntary rer
vitud>, .Flav»ry. forced sin. exists In our
rlty. a <!i««*rrace to the name of fre* Amer
ica. Human beings In Chinatown are
bought arrl sold like cattle with th« knowl
«=3Rf- of the police. We have laws now.
not in force— we will have more laws. A
r""op«*r police force could stamp ouf this
blot r,f flavor}" in a week. I caJl on them
in th» name of decency to do it! If not,
I woulfl call on our citizens to organize a
vipilanc* committee and march Into China
town «n-J batter flown thene prison walls
cr.d lead thf-ye thousand slave girls forth
to l!h»rty.
"Th* legislative Investigating Committee
r.»? <5one a great service to this city, for
wh'.rh it has the thar.ks of all good people
and the curses cf the scoundrels. The com
ir.itto* has proved that the city's a£Tairs
sr» in the hands of men who do not re
gard their duty, and, from some of the
testimony. <5o not regard their oath.
"K:th«>r thr Ir-thargy or the villainy of the
poli<- e have disgraced our fair city.
rir.p address against the slavery
In Chinatown and the proposed opening of
the Inslesice racetrack.
The shocking story of slave-dealing was
unfolded In all its horror, and seldom has
a houpe of worship witnessed such emo
tional scenes as took place lasf eveninp in
Pr. Bane's church. Men and women wept.
Dr. Bane himself was moved to tears, and
ringing applause swept through the
church when he said thai in addition to
reviving the old cry, "The Chinese must
pn." that "Phelan and his allies must also
eo."
The children and rescued slave girls
now in a Methodist mission were present
in the church, and in addition to singing
hymns, in English and Chinese two of the
older girls told of the horrors of their
livps in the slave der.s of Chinatown. The
R^v. Dr. Gardner acted as interpreter.
Miss Margaret Lake, who has rescued
many of the girls, was called upon by the
Rev. Dr. Bane to tell of her experiences,
pnd the young laoy moved her hearers to
trars sis she described the scenes which
are of nightly occurrence in the alleys and
dens of the Celestial quarter.
In part the Rev. Dr. Bane spoke as fol
lows:
THE rest edifice of the Califor
n!a-«trret Methodist Episcopal
Church, at California and Brod
erick Ftre^ts. was crowded" to
the door? last evening, when the
Rev. Dr. Bane delivered a stir-
drafted at the instance of the Chinese
missions of San Francisco by their at
torney, Henry E. Monroe, and they I
have the indorsement of the members
of the committee. J
The first bill Is an amendment ta
section 151 of the Penal Code and
makes a felony of the holding of or
assisting in any manner to hold any
person In involwntary # servitude, with
a maximum penalty of ten years' im
prisonment. The law as it now stands
makes a felony of the purchase or sale*
of a person for immoral purposes, but
that 'tectlon has been practically a *
dead letter. The missions which have
attempted to protect Chinese ,«u»d Jap
anese women from slavery ha.\-e sel
dom been able to prove that they were
sold or purchased for immoral pur
poses.
The second bill is designed to obvi
ate another difficulty met- by the mis
sions in their rescue work. At present
if rescue is attempted by filing a peti
tion for letters of guardianship of a
Chinese girl slave the girl is spirited
away. If the girl or clild Is seized by
officers in a raid possession of her Is
regained by her master on habeas cor
pus proceedings, and If letters of
guardianship are subsequently granted
she cannot be located. The proposed
new law is designed .to remedy this
condition by giving the- courts power ;
to grant temporary custody of a minor
under certain conditions. It is In the
form of an amendment to section 174?
of the Civil Code and reads as follows: '
The Superior Court of each county,- when
It appears necessary or convenient, may ap
point guardians for the persons and estate*,
or either of them, of minors who have no
guardian legally appointed by will or deed -
or who are Inhabitants or residents of tha
county, or who reside without the Stat» "•
and have estate within the county. Such
appointment may be made on the petition ,
of. a relative or other person on behalf of
the minor, or on petition of the minor. If
14 years of age. Before making* such ap- !
pointment the court must cause such notlca
as such court deems reasonable to be given ,
to any persona having the care cf such '
minor, and to such relatives of the minor
residing in the county as the court may
deem proper. In all such proceedings, when
It appears to the satisfaction of the court. '
either from a • verified petition or
from affidavits, that the welfare of
the minor will be imperiled If
such minor Is allowed to remain in tha '
custody of the person then having the cai%
of such minor, the court - may make an '
order providing for the temporary custody '
of such minor until a hearing can be had
on such petition; and when it .appears to
the court that there Is reason to believe that '
such minor will be carried out of the Juris- '
diction of the court before which the ap
plication is made, or will suffer some ly>
reparable Injury before compliance wftfc
such order providing for the temporary cus
tody of such minor can be enforced, such
court may at the time of making such order
providing for the temporary custody of such
minor cause a warrant to be Issued, recit
ing the facts and directed to the Sheriff,
Coroner or Constable, of the county, com
manding* such officer to take such minor
from the custody of the person In whose
care such minor then is and place such
minor in custody In accordance with the
order of the court.
scandals, will Introduce to-morrow
two bills aimed at the abolition of the
slavery of Chinese ¦women. They were
mittee appointed to Investigate the
Ean Francisco Police Department
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, Feb. 17.-Assem
blyman Joseph R. Knowland.
as chairman of the special com-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TWO BILLS
TO PUT END
TO SLAVERY
care for her husband nor her child. Both
will be neglected sooner or later."
* "The editors may have personal reasons
for. fighting these races. Our. reasons are
very personal Ingleside Is bringing ruin
V to our boys. It is dragging -them away
from the church and inspiring them to
spend money they do not possess. It Is
only a question of. time. They can hid*
their doings for a little while, but by and
by the outcome, will be crime. The crime
cannot be avoided by those who spend thefr
money on the races. .There win be lies for
those at home,' debts for the friends around
and poverty .In the end. That woman
should patronlxe these races Is the mystery
of mysteries. .' They . are simply bringing
, trouble on, themselves.. A gambling boy is
bad enough, but no home can last long with
a gambling . mother. >. a' man who goes- to
the races -is an-^jil influence, but a woman
who goes Is to be shunned. She is the most
dangerous , influence of all. She Is not fit
lol*« wife or a mother, She will neither
|T '. \V-';. -track and slavery In Chinatown. In
speaking of the greater evil, he said In part:
"Good people In San Francisco might well
weep. The condition of things Is fitted to
make every Christian person sad. Last
night and to-day the papers tell us of anj
other young man ruined by gambling. Un
faithful to his mother, who trained him so
that he had the reputation of being honor
able-' unfaithful tp his bride of three
months, and unfaithful to himself. This Is
only one story. There are hundreds like It.
wThe^acei are a curse vrherever
they are held. .We who live In
the Mission have '= seen 'enough
and knon- enoogrh about: Inffle
•Ide to dread Its reopening.
REV. J. GEORGE GIBSON*, pastor of
Emmanuel Baptist Church. last
evening devoted his sermon • to a
..denunciation of the Ingleside race-
RACETRACKS
ARE A CURSE
TO OUR BOYS
"Within fifteen minutes' walk of
this church 1000 girls are sold and held In
a slavery more abject and hopeless than
ever degraded the Southland. Nearly half
are as yet In domestic slavery, to be grad
uated Into Immoral life when their more
than £00 sisters are degraded for the profit
of their heathen masters; and the Christian
property holders of Chinatown whose share
of the price of degradation and shame to
these girls comes to them In larger rentals
than any honest business can afford to pay.
And protection In their nefarious compact
Is either given or sold .to these twin devils.
Christian and pagan, by those empowered
by our suffrages and sworn to enforce the
laws. And this is under the American flag
In the commonwealth of California and In
the municipality of Ean Francisco.
"I wonder where is the manhood of our
citizenship. In 1834. under a condition of
things less dreadful, the vigilance commit
tee organized- and got In Its work.. Was It
needed then half so much as now? The out
rages against law and order and decency
, and the personal rights of the helpless are
greater every week In this city and furnish
a Juster occasion for an uprising than every
combined wrong for whfch our fathers
waged a war of revolution through eight
years. It Is time that we had found our
patriotism and recovered something of the
virile manhood that possessed the citizens
of San Francisco against corrupt officialism
In 18M.
"And it Is not Chinatown alone.
Tbe.gBmbler* are srolna* to have
- Tvliat they purchased -with their
» a ff rag-en and .the . racetrack—
.closed before this era of sub
limated reform'-— vrlll yet be
opened ' - by those who were
chosen nnder the spedons pre
text of 'a reform administra
tion.' The sure- thing gamblers
demand the delivery of the goods
they .paid for, hnd they trill get
them, I think, and these men snap
their flngerii'ln the faces of. their
befooled constituency and,* In the
lansnage of their patron saint,
exclaim, 'AXD ,WHAT DO YOU
PROPOSE .TO DO ABOUT IT.'
"They are going to deliver the racetrack
goods to the gamblers. They are going to
continue the policy of 'tolerating vice In
Chinatown.' The question is, are the peo
ple who honor God, who love the (lag,
who regard the rights of humanity, going
- to continue In suplneness and see God dis
honored, helpless girlhood outraged, the
flag disgraced and our city ruined? Sura
enough. 'What are you going to do about
It?' It was Cain who said, *I am not my
brother's keeper.' Jesus says you «re.
Which leader - shall we follow? 1 Cain or
Christ? Which? It Is time to choose sides
under one or the other."
AT THE Howard-street M. E. Church
last night the pastor. Rev. Dr. John
A. D. Wilson, tn a prelude to his
sermon, said In part:
CALLS FOR
VIGILANCE
COMMITTEE
"Such cltlaensj hnve rlarhta to be
recoKiiized, and at thls^tlme they
demand by Inw protection for
their loved one* -and youth tn
senrral from theae evils. There
fore, let ulavrrjr be ntopped.
gambling: be Hnppres>sjed ' and
keep Iagleslde cloned forever."
» * —
am a resident of this city I am moat con
cerned about its welfare.
"Let It be remembered that hone«t citi
zens of this city voted at the last election
XO to the proposition to license peol
selllna;. Hare these citizens changed their
minds concerning this matter? Verily we
have not- *
sell the city into the hands of a compact of gamblers they alone must
assume all the terrible responsibility"
REV. J. GEORGE GIBSON— "The races are a curse wher
ever they are held'. We who live in the y Mission have seen enough and
know enough about Ingleside to dread its reopening"
REV.E. A. WOODS— "Members of the Board of Supervisors,
thehonest, law-abiding people of this city look to you for protection
from this great' evil. Will you now refute your former action and
legalize this evjil agency f The public welfare, the voice of the
churches and the voice of God make their united protest against this
bill, which is a step backward and downward."
REV. E. F. DINS MORE— "The proposition to relicense pool
selling at Ingleside race track is a proposition to legalise an incentive
to crime, to compromise with the vicious elements of society, which
ought to arouse the indignation of rcery true man in the city." '
REV:F.K.BAKER—"Ifour law making body determine to
FOLLOWING are a fnv excerpts from the sermons preached
yesterday by the ministers of San Francisco against the re~
opening of the Ingleside race track:
;" ; REV. A;C. BANE— "To reopen Ingleside is to open the Hood
gates of crime and disgrace."
REV. H. T. SHEPARD— "I believe that Ingleside's proximity
to this city with its quick and inexpensive means of transit, is a
fertile source of. crime and is prolific of ruined homes and of blasted
' characters." x .:
REV.E. NELANDER—"The race track as it is conducted to
day is a training school for vice and defalcation."
FROM a score of pulpits ministers of San Francisco yesterday
poured forth their .protest against vice in Chinatown and
against the reopening of the Inglesidc race track. In no un
certain terms the clergymen told of the terrible state of affairs that
exist in the Celestial quarter and called upon their congregations to
aid in hazing the vice suppressed. The recent investigations in the
Chinese quarter by the Legislative Committee gave the preachers am
ple material for their sermons. The unfortunate Chinese girls who
ar: being held in bondage by their cruel masters received the sym
pathy of all listeners.
A mass meeting was held in the California M. E. Church last
right. Slave girts told of their sad life in these dais of iniquity and
the Rcz-. Dr. Bane, who has made a study of the subject, poured
forth invective against the white' men who allow their property to bo
used for immoral purposes. The Rev. Dr. Wilson suggested that a
zigilaiice committee should be formed, as there was sufficient provo
cation for the citizens of San Francisco to take affairs in their ozvn
hands and liberate the poor women and girls who are being held in a
bondage even worse than that which brought about a great civil war
in this country.
Xor were the clergymen less in earnest over the proposed scheme
to reopen Inglesidc race track. The speakers pointed out the duty of
the Supervisors to suppress rambling in this community, and stirring
appeals were made to the Citv Fathers not to violate their solemn
obligation to their constituents by throwing the city wide, open to the
gamblers. Manx of the ministers appealed' to their congregations to
use their good influence to prevent the perpetration of such a terrible \
scheme. They were all of the opinion that the reopening of Inglesidc
race track would ruin many more homes, create a still larger crim
inal class and cause untold suffering throughout the city.
MINISTERS OF THE GOSPEL PROTEST AGAINST
THE PERPETRATION OF RACETRACK GAMBLING
AND CHINESE SLAVERY IN THIS MUNICIPALITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1901.
5
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
. of railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery street. ••'The proposed cable from Copenhagen
to Iceland will be 404 miles lone and win
cost 1850,000. • • , .:-'¦
Th-2 Ilala Beaches Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C. Feb. 17.-The ship
Ilala arrived this afternono. She had been
<j«?laytd by contrary winds. The captain
rays that the lifeboat found on the west
coast was lost from bis ship.
LOS ANGELES, Feb., 17.— The bicycle
racing at the Velodrome this afternoon
was excellent. "The event. of the' day. was
the five mile open profeesional, which was
won by, Tom Cooper after one of the most
exciting struggles ever seen on the. local
track. Summaries: ; . - * •
Quarter-mile, novice — Robinson won. Liefer
Bfcond, Jaynes third. Time, :31 4-5. -¦«'
Professional half-mile - handicap— Lake won,
Freeman eecond. Cooper third. Time. :59.
Half' a mil**, amateur- championship, flnal—
Hoffman won. Bates second. West third.: Time,
1:01 3-5. • - . :.i--' •. - - „— — .-
Professional. . five miles — Cooper won, Nelson
second, . Bell third. Time, 10:16 3-6.
Amateur mile handicap— West won, B^yei
second. Botts third. Time,- 2:07.'
Cycle Races at, Los Angeles.
BKUKELEY. Feb. 17.— A series of box
• Jng matcli^s win tx? held this month and
next in Slsterna Hall. West Berkeley, un
der the aupplers of the West Berkeley
Athletic Club and the Bay City Athletic
Club of San Francisco. Th*> first of these
rowels will be held Thursday evening
Th«*r*- will b*» five events, the first of teri
rounds and the rest of four rounds each
as follow f: Joe Larince of Pinole ve Jo<?
Greg-r of the Bay City Club; "Sailor""'
Kharkey of the Bay City Club vs. Archie
I>*>n:i of West Berkeley; George Sullivan.
Bay City Club. ve. Alonzo Tucker, West
Berkeley; Willie Cole. Bay City Club, vs.
"Young" Hanrahan. Keystone Club; Bob
Thompson of Loiin vs. "Kid" Finnerty of
Gulden Gate.
West Berkeley Athletic Contests.
The other fames ytsterday were as fol
lows:
D. Rompers and P. Mtlntyrt Jl 1R 21 15 21
M. McNdl and P. McKlnnon 13 2110 2112
W. H. Fifborst and N. J. Pjrcn&er
l?*'» r t 21 21 1R 15 21
W. FUhtX ani W. P. StauflT 16 20 212119
A. McVicker and T. J. Lydou 21 21 12 21
G. 14. Haywird and W. Fisher 13 15 2I is
H. J. Rngr»T-s and G. H. Kr>ppitz 21 *1 21
E. J. Murphy and R. Longabach 20 5 1;
R. Mun>l}> ar.i P. Basch #....21 21 21
A. Jacob? and M. L»vy 57 jj jj
1>. <"onn»lly anil P. Ryan 21 16 21 is ""i
M. Joyce and W. V.'iJllanm 18 21 1J 21 14
Eujtpne White anil I>i White 21 21 •'
T. Foley and M. Klrby !!!'.!i7 1J 15
• J«mp- V.*hlt*> a.nd E. Ma«-ulre..T 21 17 21 21
'Jnprph Collins a.n<1 E. Curl«"y 10 21 14 I;
The final til the University of California
8nd Affllatr-d Colle-re handball tournament
was played at the San Francisco handball
rourt yesterday. Scores:
W. T\*clfh awl J. J. Kavanaujfh of the Af
filiated rollereF .' -fi 21
W. Graves and \V. Pltxhrord of the L'nl
vcrfity team 7 vt)
Handball Games.
OAKLAND. iFeb. 17.— The monthly shoot
of Company G. Fifth Regiment. N. G. C,
was held to-day at the High-street range.
Theifollowlng scores were made:
Captiln Wethern" 41. 'H. V"eek« 34. C. Follrath
33, Croll ¦ 31, ¦ L. fchroeder Jl. Martinet i"*». An
derson 36, Lieutenant H'.ndu 35, Rein hold 26.
Blaks 22. O. Schrocder 2<. Weber ?0. Cordes 34,
Rcttlc 33, Crowl»y S3. \V. Follrath 32. Lieuten
ant Harvey 31. Wulzen !U. Doyle 31. Spelser 30.
Bailey 30. C. Wessel 30. L. Wessel 30. Bray 27,
Parker 26. Crane 24. McConnell 23. Comfort 20,
fctowell 22, -Matk 19, Mitchell 19, Ruff 18.
COMPANY G, FIFTH ...,
BEGIMENT, AT RANGE
Company B. First Infantry— Captain
Sturtevant 36, Lieutenant Kelly 36, Cor-
Ppral Claussenlus 45, S. Hoffman 41. A.
McColloch 38, J. Wear 37. P. Williams 37.
H Lally. Jr. 37, T. Kerr) 36. -Sergeant
Llndocken 33, C. 'Boderove 32/ H. Evans 23,
E. Bertrand 29. H.. Jones 26. T. Helion 25,
g- .: Young 8, G. Spooler .25," J. O'Keefe 21,
E. Wood 16, W. Tooker 16.
Captain a H. Wethern. Company G,
Fifth-Infantry, also shot, scoring 39. -
Troop A. First * Cavalry— Captain Jan
8 en29,, Lieutenant Wells 32. Lieutenant
Pterre 42. F, T. Engle 38. R..C. Greemini
ger 36. L. Nicolai 41, A. Henry 40,, H. Tay
lor 88, F. Thomason 39. G. Loshetter 32,
H. Puckhaber 28, . H. L. Detrlck 41. " P.
Raine 36, -A. Fritz 23, J. P. Spar 33, J
Danerl SO," E.* Schmidt 14, E. H. Carr 28,
G.Riddock 16. A; Smith 26, C. Canp 38, J
Fitzpatrick 25, | J. : Ritchie 39, CF. Sher
wood 19, F. Thorna«le 18, L.rMcKinley.29
E. Bernrott 24.L. Plageman 10, H.Han
sen 33. ,G. Hansen 6, . L. .. F. - Potter 22. , A
Anderson 12, W. Hoggins 31,, P. Saplro 30,
A. Stern'33, H.:Boyer,15. G. W. Pope 23
T. P. ¦> Lehman 32, P./ F. Schmidt 22, A
Klung 34." C. H. Becker 41,' P. Samman 34.
Companies A and F, Fifth Infantry;
Company B," First Infantry, and Troop A,
First Cavalry, , of the National Guard of
California,' held their, regular monthly
medal shoots at Shell Mound Park yes
terday afternoon. There was a rather
light amount of shooting, considering the
favorable weather, but the results were
comparatively good. The infantry shot
with rifles at 200 yards and the cavalry
with revolvers at fifty yards. The scores
were as follows:
.Company A, Fifth Infantry — Captain
Hunt 39,. Lieutenant. Ellis 34, Lieutenant
Peterson 39, A. Sodersbrand. 32. A. R.
Thelin 36, A. K. Thelin 38. A.' Poulser 36.
\V. Wlndllnd 35. Corporal York 30. ?C
Smith 36, G. H. Ellis 36, W. Stack 41. Ser
geant Tait 44. Sergeant Cron.26. A. Gray
38. L. Francis 35, F. A. Beckwtth 40, A.
Gilman 38. C. Lancaster 28, C. Orton 2S.
F, Fifth Infantry— Captain
Bennett 30, Lieutenant Covalt 41, H. John
son 53, E. Davis 32. , G. Hanson 34. S.
Grimes 24, R. Chiebb 9. R. Morrill 33. S.
Nelson 37. A. J. Coelho 37. W. Leonard 36.
E. R. Larkin 28. C. Shaffer 17, P. Howe
16, J. Baumgarten 1C. E.' Downing 10,' W.
Nordlund 37, W. Garibaldi 37, A. E. Har
brWse 24, O. B. Rasmusson 27, Corporal
Willard 42, Sergeant King 39. H.. Jumper
ol. . . . ¦ - . . •
Infantrymen and Cavalry
men Make Some .Credit
. able Scores.
NATIONAL GUARD
MONTHLY SHOOT
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds; selling."
1£3« Fondo '....1131 1791 Qulbo ...........122
1S29 O*ear Tolle ....122 1814 The Hoodo»....117
l<40 Haralamb 119.1
Tanforan Selections.
Hrst race-High Hoe. Matt Hogan, Raveling.
Second race-Pupil. Prejudice. Anjou.
Third race— Sister Jeanle, Sol Ltchtenstein,
Cunard. '• ...
Fourth race— Articulate, Rolling Boer, Kenil
worth. ' , •
Fifth race— The Kln'grer. Redwald.' Phoenlssa.
Sixth race— Fondo, Oscar Tolle. Haralamb.
Fifth t;ace-Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; purse.
17S1 Lamachus .....1C9 1?34 Royal Prize :..1C9
(U33)Phoonlsna 104 172S Dlomed ........106
1SC0 Redwald 109 .}S03 The Singer 106
Fourth race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
¦special. .:.• •
1800 Kenllworth 1121 1S13 Articulate .....112
1747 Rolling Boer.. .112|
Third race — Four' furlongs; two-year-olds;
the Nursery etakex.
im Lincoln GreenelO3 (1721)Cunard 113
(lMDSister Jeanie...llO 1757 Lucien Appelbyl03
(lK30)Corrlgan 113 1787 E. M.' BrattalnlO3
M77. r .)Sol Lichtenstn.113 1811 Minerva ...103
1835 J. V. Klrby....ll0 •
Second race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
JP.«The Phoenicians (1777)AnJou 100
< "ii^PH 103 1771 Theory 105
US02)E<lgardo ....... 10« 1847 Prejudice ......103
Entries at Tanforan.
Following are the. entries at Tanforan
Park: ¦ . ¦
First race— Six furlon-rs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
(lMDRavelln* 1051 1814 Berendoa' ...'...'.100
1SC3 I>ady Mdsome..l07 1706 Our Lizzie 107
;«-; 2' Caldwell.... 90 UM7)Matt Hogan....l06
"12 "'?, h Ho « 109 1779 Invlctus 94
1836 Nellie Forest... 96 1786 Cantlnus ......;.100
x.43 Gold Badge ... 57
First race— > T Bwegatherer, Blanche Shephard
P'dalla.
Second race— Dr. Scharff, Pepper Sauce, Mar
aschino.
Third race— El Miao, Eunello, t Bangor.
Fourth race— Maggie Da\*l«. My Gypsy
Quiz II.
Fifth race— Lennep. Sly, Sad Sam.
Sixth race— Hagerdon, Alice Dougherty, Ti
zona.
Oakland Selections.
Leonora Jackson, the famous young
American violinist, will give her first re
cital this afternoon at the California
Theater. A wide Interest Is taken in Miss
Jackson's appearance, and her support,
Miss Josephine Elburna, soprano, and Sel
den Pratt, pianist, is said to be of high
order.
William de Boe, En»cst Hauser. Mabel
Hudson and the favorite Querlta Vincent
are the Olympla's attractions.
The new faces at the Chutes to-day are
the Kobers, in their sensational aerial
act; Clinton Montgomery, In Illustrated
songs; Murphy and Raymond, in a laugh
able sketch; Miss Caroline Schindler. so
prano, and little Irene Kober. the wonder
ful child contortionist. The holdovers are
the famous 1 Hawaiian Quartet. Max e
Mitchell In new coon songs and c6mic
moving pictures.
• * *
At Fischer's Concert-house this week
the entertainment is in the capable hands
of the I^eonls. fiwor. McGreavey and
Swor. Rosco and Sims, the Alcedos, Ruth
Nelta. Gertie Ansell and Hinrich's aug
mented orchestra.
The Henschels gave the -last of their re
citals for this -engagement before a very
appreciative . audience at Metropolitan
Temple last night.. There was hardly a
number not repeatedly encored. Owing to
the marked success of^hese recitals a new
series has been arranged, commencing
next Sunday,- at the close of an engage-,
ment at Los Angeles. v.
From "Becky Sharp" to the "Waifs of
New York" is rather a sharp come-down
for the California this week, but a large
audience seemed to be greatly pleased
with the last named piece last night. The
scenic effects are good, and a company
that filled all the requirements of the va
rious parts worked zealously. The play
tells the same old story of the "villain
foiled," and the foiling: Is done by Miss
Faith Howard, who as. Willie Rufus was
"Johnny on the spot" whenever there
was any foiling to be done. Ivorln J:
Howard • makes a good Dutchman, and
Nellie Filimore plays Biddie McShane
with considerable unction. A courtroom
scene presents a prosecuting attorney who
bears a startling resemblance to ex-Judge
Barry. .
Mamie Anderson and Johnnie Johns arc
other entertainers of the week. %
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds. and
up; purse: *"
<U«)Lennep ;..110;(l<!54)Sly ..: 115
IMS Gibraltar 115 US32)Sad Sam IOZ
<l?50)Frank Bel!...Ml2l
. Islxth race — Five and a half fdrlongs; four
jrarroMf and up; selling:
<1845)Allevlate, 111! 1799 Abbjlelx I...... 107
1SJ3 Hsserdon 109! 1573 A I Dougherty.107
1SCS Del Vieta -.107! 1V,4 "Mountain Dew.lll
1650 H f ry Thateher.lM! 1SS? I Don't Know.. 113
1S19 The Buffoon. ...109 17S"T^atan 10S
.... Scotch 103| 1805 Tlzona 109
16M Spry L*rk Ill; 1756 Modwena ......111
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up: handicap:
1S57 Magpie D*vle..lO5l 1S42 St. Rica S7
1631 My Gypsy 95 1M2 Don Lulu 95
1828 Ringmaster .... 55 (1778)Qulr II 92
Thtrfi race— Mile and an eighth: rour-year
cMs and up; selling:
1W».E! Mldo 108, 1S55 Bangor 112
(lR42)Rio Shannon. ..lC3i(lS31)SuneIlo 1CS
1S44 Jim McCleevy..J04|
1 Second race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
rur»e: ¦
1841 Estado .113 1S30 Killdo* 115
ISoS Jarrefrre d'Or.lltf .... Glendennlng ...11}
1*30 Botany 11« 1S11 Maraschino ....108
1794 Dr. Scharff ...... 118 .... Warde* 110
.... Teddy Marks. ..113 ISIS Marello 113
1841 F"d Attcrbury.105 1841 Pepper Sauce.. .10S
Entries at Oakland.
The entries at Oakland are as follows:
First race— Five and a half furlongs; four
>ear-ol<Js and up: selling:
1612 Fpike lWi 1T.12 First Shot 109
IK2 Gold Baron 113 1618 Mainstay us
1K31 William F 101) .172S Hetter B 116
1»21 Kuluh 111! 1146 Pongo 113
1817 Redemption ....113 1821 Aurora B 111
J7C8 B'lche Shep'rd.107 1647 Me Albert ......113
1527 L^lpzlj? 103 1261 •'idalla 107
.... NewERatherer ..1131
The California tracks have three riders
less to account for. McCue, Jenkins and
Eddie Jones left on yesterday's overland
train for the East. McCue's destination
is New York,. Jenkins is on his way to
Knclanri and Jones will eail from New
York for Austria;
Charley Thorpe, probably the most
popular rider that ever sat In the safldle
out this way. arrived here yesterday from
his home In Nebraska. If Charley decides
t<-> don the colors again he will ride at the
Oakland track.
The Harlem stakes will close to-morrow
and J. Hanby. a- representative of the
Harlem track, will be at Tanforan to-day
to receive entries.
McCue, Jenkins and' Eddie
Jones Leave the Cali
fornia Tracks.
THREE JOCKEYS
JOURNEY EAST
OHEDRE last night was chief of
fering of the Bernhajdt-Coquelln
people at the Grand Opera-house,
„!_ and still have we not ( seen the
grertt French actress ,at her. best.
In "I/Aiglon" was lost the charm of her
passionate, alluring femininity, with all
its grace of gesture and sensuous charm
of vole". In Racine's masterpiece all this
is there, but the note of the tragedy is be-
I ynnd reach of the artist — out of her
gamut. The Phedre of Bernhardt is but
, a Greek Camille. She has not the air. the
touch, the-classic accent; her passion is
Parisian, not Greek; her love for Hippo
lytus shown in fashion fitter for a Gallic
Sapho than a Grecian queen. One feels !
the sting and b'ite of the dreadful ardors !
that consume the faithless Phedre all
through her interpretation, but of the
queen, accustomed with a sort of god
like elemental insolence to know no law
higher than her own will, there is no
seeming.
Nor is there of the woman fallen from
high estate in her own eyes. It is tin**
Sardou demi-mondaine transplanted to a !
Greek soil, and out cf key with her sur
roundings. Not that these were exactly
inspiring last evening: Search high,
search low, it would be difficult to find
a more irresponsive Ilippolytus than that
of M. Deneuburg. In the midst of Phe
dre's most passionate appeals he stood
"at attention" with considerably less ani
mation than is otsjuUly displayed by the
ordinary able-bodied lay rigure. • The
Theseus of M. Desjardin was altogether
the most satisfactory portrait of the cast.
Broadly conceived, dignified, nobly, built,
it was true in key and entirely worthy in
1 conception. Mme. Patry was well see"n
in Oenone, and Aricie was well played in
miniature Bernhardt fashion by Mile, i
Damiroff. M. Piron as Theramene did
good service.
**Les Precieuses Ridicules," the second
part of the evening's programme, was a
piece of deliciousness not soon forgotten. |
Anything more delightfully droll, unc
tuously humorous, absurdly, absolutely,
irresistibly funny than Coquelin's Masca
rille is not of this earth. He is altogether
lovely— a fop of fops, a bfble of inanities,
the last word of legitimate comedy and
I Moliere's hero to the life. Also he is ex
i cellently supported. A delightful French
i maid Is done by Mme. Simonson,- Gorg/lbus
by M. Dechamps, Cathos and Madelon
brilliantly sketched by Mme. .Patry and
Mme. Kerwich.
A continued ripple of: laughter greeted
the witticisms all through the piny that
-A. Lr. Guille, the little tenor" of thi
former Tavary Opera Company, is amon?
the performers on the week's bill at tho
Orpheum. and with the Dumond Min
strels, Paris street-singers; Dorothy
Studebaker in an entire change of reper
toire and George Austin Moore, character
vocalist, represents the rather preponder
ating musical interest in the vaudevil'e
programme. Idalene Cotton and Nick
Jjong, the three Kelcey sisters, Al and
The comedy-drama "Chimrrie Fadden,"
Townsend's hoodlum classic, will be. the
week's programme at the Central The
ater. The Bowery of New York Is said
to bo most realistically pictured In this
drama of the ur.dercrust.
• • •
"Uncle Josh Spruceby," a rough rural
melodrama, constructed for the purpose
of creating laughter, opened at the A!
hambra last night. The usual farmer,
pretty daughter, heartless villain an-1
bunco man were in evidence. The saw
mill scene in the third act was realistk 1
and thrilling. The performancs pleased
the large audience.
* . * •
At the Alcazar one good ' - omedv fo'
lows another this week. "What Happened
to Jones" being one -of the funniest farcts
ever written. The management announces
an extra matinee for Washington's birth
day.
"The Wizard of the Nile," the comic
opera which created so favorable an im
pression here last season, will be out on
to-night at the Tlvoli. "Hoot mon" A!?
C. Whelan has been especially engaged
for the presentation, and Ferris Hartmca
will again appear in one of his funniest
parts as the Wizard., Maud Williams will
repeat her Eastern hit in the role n'
Cleopatra^ and Cora Harris. Annie My
ers and Eserniee Holmes are all afforded
well-used opportunities. Musically speak
ing, "The Wizard" is one of the best of
the Herbert light operas.
• • • \
To-night "I^a Tosca" will be given. "Ca
mille" to-morrow evening and Wednes
day matinee. "Cyrano de Bergerac"
Wednesday. Thursday and Friday even
ings and "Phedre" and "I^es Precieuses
Ridicules" at the Saturday matinee.
reached Its climax in the funniest' of all
disrobing scenes, and the audience— not as
large as might have been— left the theater
In hlg-h good humor with themselves and
all the world.
LOS AICGEI.ES. Feb. 17.— The game to
day between Levys and San Bernardino
was featureless, the home team winning
by a score of 7 to 5. Score:
. " • R. -H. E.
t**T*l 7 9 7
Fan Bftnarflno 5 9 5
Batteri^s-Iburg and Chence; Jones and Man
grrlna. Vrr.jilre— K.irlcy.
SUMMARY.
Famed rjr.s--*=an Diego 4, Maier & Zobclein*
2. Threp-bas* hitf-Doyle. Donlin. Two-base
hltp-lxvereaux. Eagan. Bowman. Hanlon.
Kacrlfic* hit«— Doyle. Weed. Babbitt. Struck
"Ut— By Doyle 6. by Babbitt L Banes on balls-
Off Doyle 3. off nabbitt l. IXiuble play— Weed
ta Brlseno tn Hanlon. Left on bases-San
Dlfgn :.. Maier & Zobeleinn S. Time of game—
<>ie h<-iur and forty minutes. 1'mplre— Charles
Van Horn. Official fcorer— W. H. Russell.
Pan Diego 0 10 0 5 1—7
Maier & Zobeleins 10 0 0 4 0—5
¦ One man out in peventh inning when game
Total? 23 5 7 1 19 8 4
RrNS BY INNINGS.
Totals 34 ; i; 6 1S g 3
MAIER & 7OBELE1NS.
AB. R. BH. feB. PO. A. E.
Briner.o. f* v . .3 2 1 0 3 1 l
Courtney, of 3 110 110
Hanlcn. lb 3 1 1 0 • 7 0 0
M>*«1. 2b 2 o 2 0 0 3 0
Babb'.tt. p J o 2 1 0 3 0
Williams. If 3 o 0 o i o 0
A'iam**. c 2 0 6 0 3 4*;
Moore, rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Salisbury, rf 2 10 0 2 0 1
PAN" DIBGO. Tcb. 17.— "Game called on
ecoount-r.f foK" i5 pomethin*? new In the
history of baseball, but that was what
happened in the seventh inning: of the
•rame to-day bi-tv.-f-en San Dieso and the
Maier & Zobelein? of Los Anpeles. At
the end of the the score was 7 to 5
in favor of the home nine. The day was
V>rifrht and w irm and 1000 penoni passed
through the frate?, tillir.p bleachers and
¦2T»n<1 stand. Ab<iut the time the contest
began a fopr hank was noticed over the
orfin. It moved in and at about
the sixth inning the back fence
of the park was out of sight. In the mid
dle of the first ha'f of the seventh the
fielders were invisible from the prand
stand, and they could not see the ball
when it was hit at the plate. Any kind
nf pop fly was tfood for two bases. Ea
gan's double- was sent into the air and
fell within six feet of Briseno's feet. He
heard it. hut when he picked It up Kasran
wr« standing on second. The locals ran
the bases as they pleased and scoted four
runs before the second out was recorded.
Finally, when a ball was hit down the
lire and Van Horn couM not see It to
;t;dge Ttheiher it was fair or foul, he be
rnrce discusted and called the game, the
map of wnich looked Hke this:
FAN DIEGO.
AB. R. P.H.-SB. PO. A. P..
Devpreaux. s«' i.4 1 1 0 0 ! 1
TVmlin. 1b 4 1 2-0 9 0.1
Eacan. Zh « 0 l 0 n 4 1
Prrnnan. cf 3 12 2 10 0
Arrllane*. 2b 4 2 3 3 .1 0 0
n^winan. If 4 0 3 1 1 0 ©
Klanher. rf 4 0 10 0 4 0
Works, c 4 12 0 «~~ 0 0-
Doyl", P 3 1 2 0 0 2 0
FOG STOPS A BALL GAME.
San Diego in the Lead When the
Umnire Ends the Contest.
Huns rosponsihlp for— Tys^n. Van Haltren.
Tuv.-tasp hits — farroll. Van Haltren. W". Ham
morv.1. First haw on errors — Nobles 3, Ala
rnpd»s 4. Fire! base on called balls— Nobles 3.
.MatT>» .las 3. l/ftt on haws- Nobl»*s 4. Ala
mMas 6. Slrutk out— By Tyson 4.. by Van
Haltl-en 4. Hit by pitcher— Rus*e!l. I>->uble
Ilays-KruR to Schroed^r; Ooldsworthy tn C.
BoNlcU. 1'assed balls- Hammond. For<1. Time
of iranie— 2:0f>. I'mpire— Jack O'Conjicll. Of
ficial Fcorcr— J. W. Stapletgn.
SIMMAUV
Totals 36 7 7 1 27 11 6
RCNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AlE-ne^a* 2 1 0 n 0 o 0 1 3-7
Base hit* 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1-7
Nor.lfP 0 10 0 10 2 0 0—4
F-aso hit* 1 1 0 1 0"0 3 0 1—7
The Alameda? took the measure of the
Nobles jf-sterday at the Recreation
grounds. 'The nint_h inninp was necessary ,
to. do the turn, for up to that time the
NViblep had the. lead on their friends from
across the ley.
Jn the ninth, with two men in the cem
pt^ry. Van Hullreri singled and W. Ham
mond reached the- initial bag: on Walters' i
fumblo. Km? reached a .safe berth on
Wright's wild throw, and Brltt followed
on tho pitcjier'p fumble, all advancing
and three rnen crossing: the rubber on ac
count of it. The score:
. NOBLES.
Al). R. I5H. SB. PO. A. E.
(TUtora. Cb 4 1 1 o 3 2 1
Uritfht. s. * 4 O 1 0 2 1 1
TaKfcr. vt V. 3 0 I 0 2 0 0
). Johnson. 3b 3 0 ' <• 0 2 2 0
Rsrry. If .'.. 4 10 0 10 1
Carroll, Jb « o 0 0 10 t» 0
I .<n,a. rf 4 12 0 3 0 0
F^rd. c 4 1 1 0 4 2 1
Tyson, p 4 0 1 0 0 " 3 2
Totals 54 4 7 0 27 10 6
AUMEDAS.
AR. R. RH. FT». PO. A. E.
Var Ha'.tren. p 4 2 3 0 01 1
IV. BuUBCOd, <\ .. 5 5 1 0 3 fl 0
Ivixg. fi. s 5 110 5 2 1
Brltt. If 5 1 1 1 1 1 1
C. UuSFrJi. £h 4 O 1 0 1 4 1
QOUawa*rt!i*r. -K ... 3 n o o 2 3 0
Bcferaeder. 3b 3 n 0 0 10 0.1
a'ariser, rf. ..¦ 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
.1. Ha-nronri'1. rf. .. 3 -1 0 .1 ' 3 0 t)
Order.
Ninth Inning Brings Vic
tory When 'Two Are in
the Cemetery.
¦ ?
Both Pitchers Twirled in -Good Style,
but Their Support Was of
the Very Bagged
ALAMEDAS WIN
FROM THE NOBLES
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.— The winners
in to-day's coursing were: C. Griffith's
Dexter first. 1 Walsh &• Heenan's Gallant*
second.* B. Nethercott's" St. Anthony third.
Coursing at Sacramento.
Second round— Cash Day beat Lady Rufus;
Forgive beat Spring Time; Lord Dunamore
beat Dolando: Cash In beat Arno: Bagpipe
beat* Prince Hal: Joker beat Thunderbolt.
Third round— Forgive beat Cash Day; Lord
Dunsmore beat Cash In; Bagpipe beat Joker.
Fourth round— Forgive beat Lord Dunsmore;
Bagpipe a bye.
Final— Bagpipe beat Forgive.
First round — Cash Day beat Lucy G; Lady
Rufus beat Billy Butler; Spring Time beat
Pink of Fashion; Forgive beat Fireball; Lord
Dunsmore beat Foggy Day; Dolando beat
Allesanderi Cash In beat Just in Time; Arno
bVat Tap Out; Bagpipe beat Scotch Heel:
P/lnce Hal beat Prince of Fashion; Thunder
bolt ; bekt Glen Roy: Joker beat Terronlte.
STOCKTON. Feb. 17.— Results of the
coursing at Good water Grove to-day were:
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
¦Fourth round— Narcissus beat Wedmewood.
lC-3:.Flyln«r Fox beat Tapioca. 7-6: Ladv Clare
btat Sir Pasha. 4-2; Rocker beat Erin. 9-3;
Fiery Face beat Lawrence. 4-0; Miss Wilson
btat Little Sister, 6-5: Vandal beat, Sleety
Mist. 3-0; Honesty a bye.
Fifth round— Lady Clare beat Narcissus, 4-2;
Ttocker besU Flying Fox. 4-1; Fiery Face beat
Mips Wilson. 4-0; Vandal bent Honesty, 5-0.
Sixth round— Lady Clare 'beat Rocker, 7-0;
Vandal beat Fiery Face, 6-2: -¦
Deciding course— Lady Clare beat Vandal,
6-*- .
Third round— Narcissus beat Pleasant Girl.
E-8; WejRewond beat Honor Bright. 4-0; Tap!
oca beat Twin City Girl, 3-1: Lady Clare beat
War Eagle, 4-0; Flylnij Fox beat Harlean
Gladys, 5-0; Sir Pasha beat Daisy Clalr, 6-2;
Rocker beat Royal FIufIi, 3-1; Lawrence beat
Cascade. 10-0: Erin beat Snapshot, 4-2: Fiery
1'ace beat Best Bargain. 3-0: I>Sttle Sinter beat
Achilles, 10-1; Miss Wilson beat Warship, 4-3;
Shadow beat Sleety Mist, 5-4; Vandal beat
Cr.artn. 2-0: Honesty bent Homer Boy. S-2.
Open stake.' second round— r>. Toland's Pleas
ant Girl bear Curtis & Sons' King Cotton. 13-<;
Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat E. M. Kellogg's
Sweet Emma, 4-1; P. Jackson's Honor Bright
beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne, 4-1; F. Jon<?»'
Wedgewood beat Russell & Allen's Spiteful.
4-0; S. Handy's Twin City Girl beat P. Steln
hofTs Veto. -r-0; D. J. Healey's Tapioca Beat
Pasha Kennels' Round About, 5-1; Curtis &
Sons' War Ea«jle b<?at T. Tierney's Tea Rose,
5-3; D. . J. Healey's Lady Clare beat L. F.
Bartols' Banner Bright. 8-3: Curtis ft Sons'
Flying Fox, a bye; F. Jones' Hnrlean Gladys
beat- Curtis & Bon*' Cavalier. 9-6; Russell &
Allen's Daisy Clalr beat J. Smith's Master
Workman. 3-1'; F.. A. McCo'mb'8 Sir Pasha beat
P. Doyle's Liberator, 3-1 ;kII. A. Deckelman's
Rocker beat George Sharman's St. Ives, 9-4;
H. A. Deckelrnan's Lawrence beat Connell
Bros.' Mamie Pleasant, 5-2; F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush beat P. J. Rellly's Royal Union.
3-2; P. Reilly's Cascade beat Captain Cane's
Master Davenport. 7-6; H. A. Deqkelman's
Snapshot beat Pasha KennHs' May Hfmpstead.
4-0; M. Dunlea's Erin beat Walsh A/Hcenan's
Sacramento Boy, 5-2; Pasha Kenrtels" Fiery
Face beat E. Geary's Ireland, 12-6; L. F. Bar
tels" Best Bargain, a bye; Aeneld Kennels'
Achilles beat Sterl & Knowles" O'Hara, 3-2;
F. A. McComb's Little Sister bent George
Theron, 4-0; O. Zahl's MUs
Wilson beat F. A. . McComb's Frosty
Morn. 4-0; P. J. Reilly'B Warship
beat Strir Kennels' Master I-awrence; 3-0;
Curtis & Sons' Shadow bent Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim, 3-2; Curtis & Sons' Charta beat
H. H. Gray's Bannockburn. 13-9; Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist N»at D. Toland's Twl
llRht Jr.. 8-S; T. J. Cronln's Vandal beat
GeorKC Sharman's Chicago Boy, 3-2; P. J.
Reilly's Honesty beat D. Dillon's Granuvilla.
4-5; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple. 3-i
The feature of yesterday's event ¦ was
the close and exciting coursing which re
sulted almost throughout the card. The
colors of the> B short-ender were raised
often enough to ' break the monotony of
the pikers paying for the rfght of disput
ing the -judgment of frhose adherents of
the game who figure dope, though the
day's results gave the favorites' much the
better of the play.
Pleasant Girl In the" first evenffurnished
the initial surprise by outpointing King
Cotton, who was held a 5 to 3 favorite. A
baker's dozen -of selections gained their,
decisions without a miss, and then Rcyal
Union, who figured -to be an Important
factor if he pased his first opponent/lost
his chance to Royal Hush In a short
course by a single polnK Flush sold tit
3 to >5. Following: closely Erin gave the
form! players- a hard knock by sending
Sacramento Boy beaten to his kennel. Tho
Boy was expected to entertain the specta
tors well along to 'the finish of the stake.
Krin's? performance was- an expensive
demonstration of their error of judgment.
Odds 5 to 1, score 6 to 2. ; . •£*$
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson brought relief to
the players who want odds for letting the
others take first pick. In the third round,
against the fast Warship, she scored one
point more' than did her opponent, and as
& result her backers looked happy while
waiting to cash their 4 to 1 tickets.
.Fiery Face beat Miss WHsdn 'pointless
In. the next r»und. Vandal seemed to be
himself again- and showed his old^t'ine
winning form. •
The deciding course was heavily played.
With what slight odds were offered Lady
Clare had the call. • •
The .day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores; fellow:
/ ¦ . ; » • .
D. J.-Healey's consistent courser Lady
Clare.' annexed the 120-dog open stake at
Union Park . yesterday; beatln'p T. J. Cro
nin's Vandal for, final honors by a score
of 6 to 2. The victory adds-more glory to
the great Kmln Pasha's record as a win
ning sire, Lady Clare being of his progeny
out of Kittle Pease.
Weekly Coursing Event at Union
>Tark Attracts a Large Crowd and
Speedy Greyhounds Fur
nish Good Sport.
Fast Daughter of Emin
Pasha Outpoints Vandal
in the Finals.
LADY CLARE WINS
THE OPEN STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY IS, l?t>l.
Her Passion Parisian, She Has Not the Classic Touch — Goquelin
Convulses Audience.
"PHEDRE" OF THE GREAT SARAH
SEEMS BUT A GREEK "CAMILLE"
MISS MAY BUCKLEY. THE CLEVER ACTRESS, WHOSE BRILLIANT WORK DELIGHTED SAN TRANCISCO
THEATERS-GOERS IN FORMER DAYS, AND WHO IS GOING TO ONCE MORE BECOME A MEMBER OF
THE ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY. - . : •
• *
6
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
i . ¦ • \ __^__^__
¦ ijj ¦! .^ymmminmB*-^ yy>y*yoT^*WU*CTBBBW*W*l
THIS WKEK ONLY— MAT1NE*E SATXTIDAY.
• The Sensational Scenic Production.
THE WAIF'S
? NEW YORK
A^if-iTlTlie- Great Bridge Scene.
JSM H Tne Famous Old Five Points. New
The Great Fire Scene. .
POPULAR PRICES-75C. 50c. 23c.
Watch tor the Street Parade at Noon Pally.
Next Sunday * Afternoon That Which Will
Please Us Mo«t.
"IHE VILLAGE PARSON."
CALIFORNIA TBEATER-Speciai.
TO-DAY AT 2:30 P.M.
THE WORLD'S DISTINGUISHED
VIOLINIST,
LEONORA
JACKSON,
Assisted by j
MISS JOSEPHINE ELBURNA, Soprano,
—And—
'.MR. SELOEN PRATT, tapi'st.
PRICES— $1.60. J1.C0. SOc.
LAST RECITAL WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
FEBRUARY 20TH.
Seats now on sale at Box Offlce of California
Theater. \ . . - . .
*TiV_OL1*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
GREAT OPENING TO-NIGHT! *
THE ENORMOUS HIT.
WIZARD
?Z E NIJLEf
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
Reappearance of ALF. C. WHEELAN.
"HOOT MON!"
Tuesday, Feb. lJh-*'EAGLES* NIGHT."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents
. Telephone~»Bu?h 9.
Phone _btuth. 770.
- TO-NIGHT AND ALL. WEEK.
TtTE ORIGINAL X ¦.
UNCLE\ SS *°<*<\
m ».»• w ¦ - '2. Big
tJKjSPMg Bands.
SPRUCEBY.
Grand ' Operatic Orchestra. Carload of Sp«rlal
. .Scenery. All New Specialties.
• Watch, for the Parade Onen-Alr Concert.
PRICES— 25c. 35c, SOc and 73c. Matinee—
lsc, 23c, Kc and SOc.
¦ Next Sunday Afternoon.
AL O. FIELD GREATER MINSTRELS.
BE14SCO *"*> THALCSjfef&B
Phone South 533
Beglnnlr.it TO-NIGHT. Every* evening this week.
SPECIAL MATINEE Washington's Birthday.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Grand Production of the Great Comedy Drama.
6HIMMIE FADOEN
See the Bowery Boy— CHIMMIE FADDEN.
The Bowery of New York Realistically Pic-
tured.. Bowery Characters Humorously Por-
trayed. \
DDirCC Evenings. " 10c. 15c. 35c, 50c
rnlVLJ) Matinee* 10c. . 15c. 2Sc
Next Week— Mammoth Production of, "THE
GIRL. I IlEFT BEHIND. ME."
RACING I RACING ! RACING !
15tC— WINTER MEETING— 1S01.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
. FEB. 11 TO FEB. ti. INCLUSIVE.
;:¦¦;.; OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day' Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
. Five or more rac«» each day.
Rares start at 2:15 r- fn. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave 6»n FrancUco at 12 rn. and
1M0. L 1:30. 2. 2:30 and J p. m.. conn-ctln«
with trains stoppinc at the entrance tj th«
track.- Last two earn on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to . Shell Mound. * All trains rla
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenna
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda ¦ molt ron-
reot with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
er.d Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.and Immediately after the last rut
' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President!
B. B. MILROY. Secretary. ¦ -,~
. .AMUSEMENTS.
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders taken for
the flirt ntzht. .
RS!FEBRUARY25th,
OXLt APPEARANCES HERE OF MRS.
LESilE CARTER
. After Her- London Triumph,
. AsZAZAin-
DAVID BELASCO'S PI-AY
' < A Version of Berton & Simon's Drama).
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request, will
civ* an Extra Mntlr.ee, v :
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 27. •-.
In Adflitlon to the R*>»?ular Saturday Matinee.
PRICES— I2.C0. Jl.CO. $1.00. ~Zc and 50c.
Q^^ 1 y ALil THURSDAY at 0a.m.
a^TVnp 1 he Greatest
AK 8 Mandolinist
FLU 1) in the World.
WEEK OF FEB. 18,
iGOLDEN GATE HALL.
GRAEBER'S MANDOLIN CLUB
100 MEMBERS.
:; HAZEL ;LeZYN|K!, -Soprano,
8PECI^Lr-A ticket free with every Instru-
ment 'purchased ' during this engagement at
Kohler & Chase. . • • ' • •.
~~ ' '¦•¦ ,_ \
"STRONGEST IN THE' WORLD."
THE EQUITABLE LIFE \
ASSURANCE SOCIETY
OF THE UNITED STATES.
Outstanding Assurance v
Dee. 31, 1900 ..... $l f ll 6,875,047.00
New- 'Assurance Issued
in 1900 .......... 207,086,243.00
Income .. .. .. 58,007,130.98
Assets Dec, 31, 1900 ; . . 304,598,063.49
Assurance Fund and all
other liabilities .. . . 238,460,893.48
Surplus.. . . ..... ... .66,137,170.01
Paid Policy-holders in
1900 ... ... f .... 25,965,999.30
James w. Alexander, president.
, ' . JAMES H. HYDE, VICE-PRESIDENT.
A. M. SHIELDS, MANAGER,
California, Nevada and Hawaiian Islands,
6-12 Crocker Building, S. F.
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
CURTAIN RISB« at 8 O'CLOCK «HARP.
GOTTLOB. MABX & CO. and WALTER
MOROSCO Announce the Farewell-
Appearance In This City of
MME. SARAH BtRNHARDT
AND
M. COQUtUN,
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAD
THIS EVEJJING— Sardou's Five-Act Drama
"LA TOSCA."
To-morrow ayeninfr and 'Wednesday matinee
' La Dame aux Camellas" ; "Wednesday Thurs-
cay and Friday evenlnrs. "Cyrano de Ber-
jrerac": Saturday matinee. "Phedre" and "IJn
Precieunes Ridictrtes" ¦ Saturday evening. Fare-
well niifht. Third act of "Cyrano de B<*rg»rac."
Third act of "La Tosea.*" Monotorue by M.
Coquelln. Last, two acts of "La Dame aux
Cameliaa."
MME. SARAH BERN'HARDT and M.
COQUELIN Will Appear at Every
Performance.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
A Big Bill and Entirely New.
PUMOXD-S MINSTRELS: A. L. GU1LL E .
THREE KELCEY SISTERS; JOHNNIE
JOHNS: AL and MAMIE ANDERSON'
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG :
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER: GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE: THE GREAT AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE FRIDAY NEXT
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Tickets Now On Sale.
BEAT THE TO a NFfiHT
- BAND XU *»*UU1.
The Most Laughable Farce ot tie- Season.
"What Happened
To Jones."
SEATS— lJc, 25c. 33c. 50c.
EXTRA MATINEE FRIDAY. February C.
Washington' • Birthday. *
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVEKINO,
THE FAMOUS
HAWAIIAN QUARTETTE.
CLINTON MONTGOMERY, THE
KOBEES. CAHOLrNE SCHI1I-
DLEU, MUBPHY & RAYMOND,
MAXINE MITCHELL, LITTLE
IRENE KOBER.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Thursday Night* the Amateurs
In a NEW NOVELTY.
Telephone for Stats— Park a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
TANFORAN PARK.
_ . {
Continuous Racing-. Be-rinninj Monday Ttt>.
• ruary 11. 190L
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events, Three Hurdla Racea mad
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M-"
Trains, leave Third and Townsend »tr«ei« fop
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 1. U»
and 2 d. m. Trains leave TanToran Park for
San Francisco at 4:1S p. m.. followed after th»
last race af intervals of a few mtnates by »ev-
eral specUls. , Seats la rear nn reserved for
: ladies and their escort**. Admission to course.
! including railroad fare, II 15.
MILTON S. LAfHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Raclnr Secretary.
Fischer's
The Leonls, 8wor. McOreavey and Swor.
Rosco and Slnr.s. the Alcedos. Ruth Nelta. O>r-
tle Ansell. and Hinrichs' aua^nented orchestra.
* Reserved Seats. I5c. Matlneo Sunday.
nil imp These hotels po3-
rAI nj.r sess the attributes
i nunuu that tourist3 and
nnfj travelers appreciate
QlIU — central location,
PDA Mil liberal manage-
UllAilU ment, modern ap-
II .*•.• p • point merits -and
1IU I UUUJ American and En-
San FraOClSCO. ropean plans.
Weekly Call, $1,00 per Yeac
ADVERTISEMENTS.SACRAMENTO. Feb. 17.— The Jury in
the case of Philip S. Prather. tried for
perjury, was discharged to-day, as It
could not agree. This Is the second dis
agreement in the case.' and Prather prob
ably will not be ac&ln tried.
Prath-er Jury 'Disagrees.
John R. Nbrris. chief clerk ct the Hotel
del Monte, came to Oakland yesteray tc,
meet Miss Virginia Hayes and make hrT
his wife In this city. She had come from
Ogden. Utah, to meet him In Oakland.
The ceremony was to have been perform
ed last evening In the parlors of the Ho
tel Metropole.
The train bearing: Miss Hayes did not
arrive until 7 o'clock this morning. Th<»
ceremony was performed by the Rev. M.
N. Ray of St. John's • Church at 10
o'clock, and the couple will leave for Del
Mon»e to-morrow. x
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— The train wreck
in Nevada almost .spoiled a quiet HtUa
Oakland wedding, and did delay It nearly
twenty-four hours.
TRAIN WBECK DELAYS
AN OAKLAND WEDDING
A general discussion of the question
took up the entire two sessions and will
be continued to-day. It was universally
conceded by all of the speakers that a
change in the endowment laws of the or
d«r is .Imperative and that Its present sys
tem is unsafe. No definite conclusion was
reached in the matter, however nor was
any comprehensive plan offered for the
desired change. It developed that there Is
a little opposition to a general plan of
graded assessments, and the subject will
occupy the attention of the delegates from
all parts of the Pacific Coast at to-day's
srssion. The meeting wIHJast until Tues
day, when the officers for the ensuing
year will be elected.
The annual meeting of the Grand Lodge
Independent Order B'nai B'rith,'.was held
yesterday afternoon .and evening at the
lodge headquarters. The grand, presi
dents report for the year was read, after
which the lodge, as a committee of the
whole, considered the endowment plans,
•which had been made'a Special order for
the day.
B'nai B'rith's Endowment Flans.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
At the last held meeting of the Chop
pers' Friendship Club, the sick benefit
auxiliary of the Woodmen of the World.
Trustee McKay, vrho will.be absent from
the city for some time, tendered his res
ignation, which was regretfully accepted.
A J. Franey was electetl to fill the va
cancy. The. club -decided to give an en
tertainment some time in March, but the
time has not yet been set.
Rev. Mr. Dille expects to leave Oak
land within the next four weeks. During
his absence the pulpit of the First-Meth
odist Church will be supplied by Rev.
Eli McCllsh of the TJnlversity of the.Pa
ciflc and other prominent Methodist min
isters. : "v^ U' '1
A farewell reception will be tendered to
Dr. .and Mrs. Dille by the congregation of
his church on Wednesday evening. Feb
ruary 27. It will be an elaborate affair,
and there will be a large attendance of
people who desire to say good-by to the
popular pastor.
The gift was from members of the con
gregation, who desired to remember their
pat-;tor in this substantial manner, know
ing the money would not-come amiss dur
ing his four months' .tour through Eu
rope.
On St. Valentine's eve. just as Dr.
Dille and family were seated at the din
ner table at their residence on Filbert
street, the door bell rang. The \'lsitor
was Fay Chapman, one of the youne girls
of the church, bringing- an envelope ad
dressed to Dr. Dille. The doctor supposed
that It was a tfote concerning the m!s
sifnary work in which Mrs. Chapman is
deeply interested. When he opened the
envelope a check for the sum of $1000 was
disclosed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Feb. 17.
Rev. E. R. Dllle of the 'First Methodist
Church this morning publicly thanked
his congregation for a valuable valentine
that had been received by him last Thurs
day.
PASTOR RECEIVES
GIFT OF MONEY
Two boys vlFitir.g the family hid in.the
•woods. After the negro's departure, the
t>oys went to St. Peter and gave the
alarm, returning with a mob of several
hundred men. The negro was tracked to
his home and fully idontified by the boys.
He was hanged ami his body riddled with
riujlrts before the Rhoriff arrived.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 17.-Thomas
Jackson, a negro, was lynched to-day at
St. Peter, twenty miles above this city.
for a series of crimes. This morning he
visited the home of Alexander Bourgeois,
the mglneer of the drainage machine on
Hellespont plantation. Eome distance from
the plantation quarters. He told Bour
geois the manager wanted him, and the
engineer mounted the tricycle with the
negro. Jackson stabbed the engineer in
the back and tnrew the body Into a ditch.
He then returned to the house and butch
rred -Mr5. Bourgeois and her two babies
snd ransacked the house.
NEGRO MURDERER
LYNCHED BY MOB
HLAJRMONTE HALL FIXES
DATE FOR CONVENTION
Executive Committee Sleets and De
cides Sow It Will Select Its
Candidates.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 17.— Tho executive
committee of the Harmonie Hall Nbn-
Partisan party held a meeting; this after
noon In Harmonie Hall, when the date for
the convention for selectln s ' nominees for
the coming municipal election waa fixed
for Saturday evening, March 2, at Har
monie Hall.
All the members of the committee were
present but one. The fourteen present
elected George H. Perry chairman to fill
the place made vacant by the resignation
of H. A. Thompson. Bert Fisher was
chosen vice chairman and A. F. Huff sec
retary. It was decided that each member
of the committee should select ten tax
paying citizens, who with the committee
men should compose the convention of
March 2. making 165 representatives in the.
convention. The ten names selected by
each committeeman must be passed upon
at a meeting to be held Wednesday night
of this week. A committee was appointed
to prepare a platform.
Tried to Rob a Politician.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.-MIke Ktrwln, tha
well-known Democratic politician, report
ed to the Sheriff's office to-day that an ef
fort had been made to rob him on the
county road in Fruitvale last night. He
gave a description of the man, and this
afternoon Constable White arrested Fred
Christensen. a laborer. When confronted
by Kir-win the latter said that he looked
like the man, but he thought the man waa
not a Swede. Christensen denies any com
plicity In the attempt, but la held upon
suspicion.
To Miss Tibbey Taylor belongs the
honor of being the first girl to try a
"rummage sale" on a generou3 public.'
Tibbey has just got back from New York,
where the "rummage sale" it at present
flourishing like a green bay tree. The
minute she stepped off the - ferry-.boat she
began to speak and plan for a "rum
mage" that would make the coffers of thj
Infant Shelter full to overflowing. She
had her way, and now she can go 'round
and say: "Didn't I tell you so?" Maybe
It wasn't a success! "Why, that little store
on Minna street was crowded from morn
ing until late at night, and I never saw
such a grateful lot of purchasers as the
poor that carried off for a mere song- the
many bargains offered. The sale had its
pathetic side, as well as its funny side.
My eyes felt teary when that poor, pale
faced boy carried off a suit of flannels for
25 cents, saying: "Nowl can' get well."
But I want to say. something about the
wonderful possibilities In Tibbey Taylor —
possibilities which, if 'developed, .would
make her the most remarkable of all
saleswomen. This is not a conclusion that
I have come hastily by.. I watched her
holding up skirts to- show the style and
cut, ppinting out the flowers on some
faded hat and marking them down and
down till they met the purse of the needy
purchasers. . She made more sales than
any other girl interested in the Shelter*
And I heard more than one purchaser
calling down blessings on her bonny head
Bless her for her good, kind heart! say I
also. ,
• ? •
gagement presents were so many sold and
such fancy prices given for them. I wager
that no other girls with solitaires on the
third finger of .their left hands can point
to su'ch magnificent collections as those
that grace the Scott and Crockett tea
tables.
I wonder if there is a solitary handsome
cup and saucer left in this jrreat. big city!
If there is it Is because It is hidden away
In some dark corner and was out of the
teach ; of the dear girls who spent
the greater part of last week hunting for
cups and saucers beautiful- enough to do
honor to those two dear fiancees. Carp
Crockett and' Mary Scott. Never since
cups and saucers became the rage for en-
I have never seen a man going around
and looking so splendidly happy as -Wal
ter Martin does. On Monday nieht he
formed one of a box party given by Mrs.
Henry T. Scmt for the Bern.iardt pre
miere, and really the love light that pour
ec out of his eyes lit up the auditorium
during all tbe dark scenes. To my mini
the Scott box was almost as interesting as
the play. In it -was Walter Martin an!
Mary Scott and.Caro Crockett and Law
rence Scott. My! but didn't those youn^
folks look volumes. Both the girls weie
gowned in white and.Caro Crockett had -a
pink .rose in her hair that was a close
match to the dainty color in her. soft,
round cheek. Mrs. Scott, who chaperoned
the engaged couples, was gowned all in
white, and one found It hard .to believe
that she was the mother and not the sister
of the a.ristocratio-looking girl who Is soon
to be Mrs. Walter Martin. Bernhardt is
not the only one that age cannot wither.
at the Cathedral. Who the fortunate man
and woman are who in the time to come
may , point with justifiable pride and
pleasure to the baby, developed' into a
great Judge ar.d modern Demosthenes,
and say, "That is our godson," is not yo:
known. When I say Judge and orator,
I speak with authority. Sam Sr. always
refers to Sam Jr. as "Judge," and says he
knows that he is going- to be the greatest
orator of the twentieth century.
* • • -
No time has heen set for Mr. Mastick'a
funeral on account of the precarious con
dition of his widow. She also has been ly
ing at death's door for a week or more,
her Illness having been the -result- of the
great strain due- to her husband's illness.
Mr. Mastick leaves surylvinfr him a
widow and eight children. The children
are Edwin B. Mastick Jr.. Seattle: George
H. Mastick, Alameda; Charles L. Mas
tick. Portland. Or.: Mrs. Frank Otis. Ala
mffia: Reuben W. Mastick, Alameda: Mrs.
Ira B. Hyde. Princeton. Mo.; Mary L.
Mastick. Alameda. and S. L. Mastick.
Alameda. There are eighteen-grandchil
dren. ,
Mastick was elected to th« Supreme Court
clerkship. As a member of the Lick Trust
be won an enviable name by assisting in
the skillful management of the irreat
finances, retiring with honor in 1S95, when
the trust was dissolved. By reason of his
connection with the Lick Trust he was
made an honorary member of the Cali
fornia Society of Pioneers. He took a
great interest, too. in the Crocker Old
Ladies' Home; of which he had been a
trustee since its founding.
The City of Alameda owes a great deal
of Its prosperity to Mr. Mastick's publlc
spiritedness. For fifteen years he was a
member of the Board of City Trustees.
Ten years of this time he filled the presi
dent's chair, retiring in 1893. His resi
dence in Alameda extended t>ver thirty
seven years. A large estate at the west
ern end of the city v.as his and Mastick
Station, on the broad gauge line, was
named for him.
"Besides the departroents there will be
a series of grames. such as cards, check
ers, chess and •indoor methods of exercis
ing, including a handball court, weightr,
boxing gloves .and other paraphernalia.
The boys' club will be something. I am
sure, we can be proud of."
Among those interested in the club who
are enthusiastically working for. Its ad
vancement are: Mrs. I. N. Chapman. Mrs.
E. A. Smith. Mrs. Hmchman. Miss E.
Eckley. Mrs. L. L. Glllogly. Mrs. Reuben
Mastick. Mrs. C. L. Wood, Mrs. C. R.
Randolph. Mrs. James G. Waymlre. MJas
Clara Bowen. Mrs. J. E. Hall. Mrs. Frank
Otis. Mrs. Yates. Mrs.. Sheohard. Mr*.
Forsyth. Mrs. Walte, Mrs. Goddard. Mr?.
Hubbard, Mrs. Parker, Mrs. Parr. Mrs.
Albright, i*Irs. Owen, Mrs. Perry, Mr-
Storey. Mrs. Hare, Mrs. Cunningham,
Mrs. Chase. Mrs. Willis. Mrs. Paris. Mr*.
Kemp, Mrs. H. R, LIppman. Mrs. Weeks.
Miss Bennett. Mrs. Ward, Mrs. Hastie,
Mrs. Fredericks, Mrs. Krauth, Sirs. Ban
nister and Mrs. Knowles.
Speddy to-day, "that tliis boys* club is
fostered by the women of the Political
Equality Club merely. There are as many
supporters of the idea outside of the club
as there are in it. It is purely an effort
to assist boys who • have to work in the
daytime and . can't go to the public
schools. We are going to invite them to
the clubrooms and cive them every
chance to learn. It Is a grand cause, and
one that should receive assistance from
every high-minded person, f
"All of the boys of the cltv who havo
a mind to join the club will be invited to
become members. Ther* will he no co»t
to them whatever. There will b» depart
ments for vocal and instrumental music,
parliamentary law, literature. • military
tactics, manual training and probablv
cooking. A small savings bank will b«
established to influence the boys in the
habits of thrift and saving.
! The tenth anniversary of the Amt
Lilienthaler Verein was celebrated at
Union Square Hall last-Tuesday night and
the affair was voted one of the most suc
citsful social gatherings in the history of
the organization. Fully two' hundred
members and invited guests sat down to
the banquet and for three hours mirth
re ifuring SU^he progress of the feast the
members and their friends were enter
tained by well rendered selections by the
California Swiss Quartet, a Cakewalk by
Tessle and Jennie Weiners and choice
musical selections by the orchestra, Louis
Haake acted as toastmasjer and called on
rrany of the members, each one" at whom
responded in a happy vein.
\fter disposing of' the edibles the floor
was cleared for dancing- and the Jolly
crowd spent many hours in devotions to
terpsichore.
! The affair was under the direction of the
following named: J. H. W T itte. Charles
Besthorn. H. Schllchting. D. Otten J.
Dieken. H. Alberts. J. Heltmann. William
1 Roehr and J. Meierdierks.
Prosperity in Banquet and
Dance. •
AJIT LUilENTHALEB VZREIN
CELEBRATES ANNIVEIISABY
German Society Closes a Decade of
' The boys' club was suggested at a re
cent meetrnj? of the Folitical Equality
Club. The ladies became enthusiastic
over, the Idea, and before the gathering
dispersed a committee had been chosen to 1
report upon a location ami the sources of
support. ' Mrs. Thomas H. Speddy, as
chairman of the committee, was assisted
in the undertaking by Mrs. M. E. Mc-
Laren, Mrs. George H. Perry. Mrs. George
Hawley and Mrs. Richard A. Clark.
The report of the committee, which was
favorable in. every respect, was submit
ted to a meetinff of about thirty women
at Mrs. Speddy's home last Monday afi
ernoon. An advisory board with power
to select clubrooms and solicit subscrip
tions was then chosen. It consists of
Mrs. McLaren (chairman). Mrs. Speddy
(secretary), Mrs. Perry. Mrs. Hawley and
Mrs. Clark. This board sought a place for
clubrooms yesterday. After . looking at
several they found none more suitable
than Fraternal Hall. It contains two
lare-e assembly-rooms, with ante-rooms,
and the rent Is very low. Considerable
work must be done in fitting up the
rooms, but this will not cost much, as
most everything necessary will be do
nated, and the labor will be performed by
the prompters.- No trouble ! was experi
enced in getting subscriptions.
"It must not be understood," said Mrs.
rt LAMEDA, Feb. 17.— In behalf " of
I I tile boys of Alameda who are da
r-A nied the ordinarv advantaees of
/ * home and school a number of wo
* lnen have organized "Our Boys'
Evening Assembly." Headquarters has
been secured in Fraternal Hall, corner of
Park street and Webb avenue, and by the
1st of March the new club will begin a
serious existence.
In ]^<*> Mr. Mastick married Miss Lucre
tia M. Wood of Rockport. In 1551 he came to
California by way of the isthmus. He soon
succeeded in "building up a large law prac
tice. Many positions of trust and large
interests were giv«>n into Mr. Mastick"s
care. He was at various times the senior
member of the firms of Mastick & Mas
tick. Mastick. Belcher & Mastick. and
Masticfc. Van Fl*et & Mastick. The build
ing- at the -corner of Montfromery and
C'ommTcfal streets contain* 5 *! Mr. Mai>
dck'fl orUce for forty-three successive
years:- ¦ ¦ • • • • '•' * I
Shortly after he came to Calilornia Mr.
ness. The drath of the aged prac
titioner h£fi b*>en hourly expected for the
jas=t t»v> or thre*^ week?. His eight sur
viving rhiliir^n wrre at the bedside when
life rhbed out. Three years ago Mr. Mas
tick f-vTferrA a severe attack of the grip
which broupht on heart failure and "other
complications from which he never re
covered. % •
Mr. Mastick was born in (leauga Coun
'ty. Oh'.o. March 22, IR24. and was. there
fore, aged 76 years and 10 months. \Vhi!e
hf was yet an infant his parents removed
to Rockport in the same county. There
he received a meager education and grew
to manhood. As a young man he jirac
ticed law in Cleveland, having first been
a. student In a law office in that city.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 17.— Edwin Beard
Ma^tiok. the eminent lawyer, sue
rumbrd to doath this morning at
7 o"ciock after suffering a long ill-
EMINENT ATTORNEY WHO PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY. HE CAME
1O CALIFORNIA IN 1S51 AND AT ONCE TOOK A LEADING PLACE
AT THE SAN FRANCISCO BAR.
MRS. THOMAS H. SPEDDY. HEAD OF THE COMMITTEE WHICH
SELECTED HEADQUARTERS FOR THE BOYS' CLUB, THE LATEST
PHILANTHROPIC SCHEME OF THE WOMEN OF ALAMEDA.
Sam Shortridge Jr.. considered by Sam
Shortridge Sr. to be the most remarka
ble baby of his time and all time, will be
christened on Wednesday. All -I know
of the ceremony is that it is to take placo
Of course, the wedding presents were
beautiful, and there were any number of
them.. The groom's gift, a diamond sun
burst! was worn by the bride. Mr. and
Mrs. Hopkins gave their daughter a mag
nificent set of silver, complete.
• • •
I never knew a girl to do so much work
just previous to her wedding-^as did Edna
Hopkins. Thursday morning found her
downtown making: the last of her pur
chases. It was she who .planned tho
dresses worn by her attendants, and th'>
shower bouquets they carried were all
designed by her. I consider those, bou
quets the auaintest conceit of many .1
day. From each long-stemmed bunch of
pink, carnations there hung a long- rop.j
of ¦Dlooras, and as the maids stepped tp
either side to form a passageway for the
bride each one took hold of the danglins
rope of blossoms, thus forming an aisle
of flowers for the happx . couple to pass
through.
While on the engrossing subject of
dress. I want to sav a few words about
the stunning grown worn by Mrs. Au
gustus Tavlor, the sister of rtie bride. It
was a magnificent dress, all Clunie laco.
and its only trimming was a big, bold
black velvet bow pinned on the front of
the corsage.
• * •
Everybody was. filled with happiness at
the Hopkins-Taylor wedding to see the
bride's mother looking: and feeling so
well and so near perfect recovery. S\i<>
was all gowned In white — duchesse lace
over white silk, with only a dash of pink
at the corsage to relieve it all.
The most troublesome part of the bride's
outfit. I understand, was the finding of
suitable hats. It's between seasons now.
and the dear little girl sensibly decided
to fill her bandboxes when she returned
from the honeymoon trip. However. .she
got one hat. that will make you think
Easter has come, when you see It perched
on her dainty trown head. It is of finest
tucked black chiffon, flat as a pancake,
and its only trimming is a bunch of pink
roses' that nestles round the brim. . .
If I had never been told it I would have
known at first glance that the lingerie
came from Paris. In the first place, it
was all hand made. Then it • was all
trimmed with Valenciennes and torchon
lace. Oh. the chic of the yards and yards
_'f pink baby ribbon fashioned into dainty
bows and pert little rosettes! And. oh, the
monograms! Yes, the lingerie bore the
Paris mark, and it required np coaxing-to
make every one who looked at it exclaim
again and again at Its loveliness.
Such gowns and, oh. such lingerie! All
finest batiste and lace and ribbons,, and
fine enough and "smashing" enough to
exhaust all the adjectives In one's vocabu
lary. The lingerie all came from Paris
and the gowns were all made here; and
when I think of the beauty and the style
of them I really feel I must make my best
bow to the locul dressmakers who de
signed and made them ajl.
First there were two . stunning lace
gowns— one over pink and the other over
the palest hlue. The one over the delicate
rose silk was of finest Valenciennes and
looked as though it had come from some
fairy loom. It was made long and cling
ing, and in its very .simplicity lay the art
of the maker and the beauty of the gows.
A pink cloth 'reocptlon gown, of that
new cloth with" a finish and sheen like
panne velvet, took the breath away from
all the girjs who were lucky enough to
get a glimpse of it.
-The "going away" gown was the sweet
est frock, to my way of thinking, of all.
It was of that now shade of blue and of
some new thin material that goes by a
long French* name, hard to remember and
which means nothing. It wds all laid in
tiny pleats and trimmed with white lace.
A blue hat. flat, as is the fashion now.
trimmed with white lace and white
roses and set Jauntily on top of the part
ed pompadour, was worn with that dress.
I stand ready to wager there was not
another gown in all her collection that
gave the fair young bride the great pleas
ure that the tea gown— her first one— did.
If you had seen it vou would not marvel
at sweet Edna^s joy of it. Palest of deli
cate blue, of some soft, fluffy material,
laid in accordion pleats and all trimmed
with white lace. Then it has "angel
sleeves." a feature of a gown no girt was
ever known to be able to resist.'
« i" EVER d'd girl . go forth a bride
|%J with handsomer trousseau to glad-
I j den her heart ahd dazzle the eyes
I I of her husband than did Edna
1 1 Hopkins.
BY SALLY SHARP.
Miss Tibby Taylor's Wonderful Possibilities as a Sales
woman Made Apparent Through the "Rummage" Sale."
E. B. MASTICK DIES
AFTER LONG ILLNESS
¦r— i A
Eminent Attorney Passes Away in Alarrieda,
Leaving His Wife at Death's Door.
TROUSSEAU Of MRS. TAYLOR
DAZZLES FEMININE OPTICS
WORKING BOYS HAVE
CHANCE TO LEARN
Their Instruction and Amusement*
Women of Alameda Organize a Club for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 15)01.
Adam was probably created In the af ter
jioon—at least it was a little before Eve."
BERKELEY. Feb., 17.— The Town.Trus
tees.will meet to-morrow night to fix the
water .rate for -the ensuing year. There
will probably be ..* no » change, although
there has been some- talk of .reducing the
minimum: rate from II 50 per. month to JI.
TV, Fix Water S Bate.
John Nolan (owner) with ¦ M. Loftus (con
tractor), architect M.J. .Walsh— All. work for
a two-story frame residence on lot on N line of
Twenty-seventh street. 1(6. W of Guerrero. "W
Ulsd'on Iron and Locomotive. Works, corpora
tion (owner) with James. A. McMahon and Wil
liam Hi Healy (contractors), engineer Howard
C Holme«-AU work to construct a wharf 400
fe'et in leg-nth and 60 feet In width and having
an offset on E part of Potrero Nuevo block 606,
also to dredge and remove about 29.000 cubic
yards of material in front of wharf of first
party beginning at » Une of Napa street and
following line of wharf 895 feet in a south
d 'Henry D 'e.~ Bothln (owner), with Thomas H
Day's Sons (contractors), architect Henry H.
Meyers— Carpenter. . mill and stair work, glass,
glazing,* hardware, painting, electric work,
roofing . and galvaniied iron work for a . three
¦tory brick building on NE corner of Brannan
•treet and I Boardman j place", E 117:6 by N 75;
$6200. ¦ ' ¦ .- - _-•.¦¦ ••
Builders': Contracts.
RBAIi -, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Savings and I/oan 'Society to Henry K.
Eothln. lot on NW corner of Polk and Jack
son street*. K 165:4tf. W 80, S 20, W 43:6, S
145:4»4. E 123:6; $35,000.
Covlngton Johnson, Juliet J. Mezes and Cor
nelia J. Prlngle to Calvin E. Knickerbocker,
let on N line of .Pacific avenue, 102:6 W of
Broderlck street. W 35 by N 127:8%; $3000.
Benjamin H. Baird (widower) to Veronica
C Baird (widow), lot on SW corner of Page
and Anhbury streets, S 137:6 by W 275; also
lot on NE corner If Halght and Cole streets,
N 137:6 by E' 137:6; also lot on NW corner Of
Haight and Cole streets. N 120 by "W 216 (quit
claim deed); $5. . ¦ .• -
Josephine, Maurice and Beatrice Delume to
Mark and Catherine Sheldon, lot on NW cor
ner of Sacramento street and Central avenue,
N 25 by W 08:8; $10,000.
Peter and Nellie Halen to Susan Beck, lot
en E line of Guerrero street. 114 N of Twenty
second. N 24 by E 105; $3000/
Christian H. - and Maria D. Rohde to Mads
J.' Eversen, lot on W line of Alabama street,
110 8 of Twenty-flrst, S 25, W. 100. N 10. E 50,
N 15, E EOv $100. :
'Edward H. and Mary Commins to Roxana
C. Bigelow (wife of R. R.). lot on 8 line of
Chestnut . street, 110 E ot Larkln, E 27:6 by
S 137:6; $5000. -'.
Lavlnla E. Coleman to James A. Pickering,
lot on N line of Folsom street. 275 W of Fifth,
V/ 25 by N 85; gift.
Hugo Bcheunert to Katie Scneunert, lot on
•W line of Forty- fourth ¦ avenue, 300 • S of . I
street, S 26 by "W. 120; also lot on NE corner
of Thirteenth avenue and L street, E 120, N
97 W 120:3, S 102:11; gift. .
Pauline R. Courvolsler to D. Maclean,' lot on
N line of S street, 67:6 W of Twenty-sixth ave
nue W 75 by N 100:. $500.
Committees of * Legislators
and Merchants Go Over
the* Ground.
* .- /
The Judiciary Committee sent out by
the Legislature made an exhaustive ex
amination of the -China Basin question
yesterday. The lease to the Santa Fe was
discussed pro and con, and when the
whole situation had been laid before those
on the tug Governor Markham everybody
decided that the measure was a good one.
The Governor Markham got away from
Mission-street wharf about- 11:30 a. m.
Among those on board were Harbor Com
missioners Kllburn, Harney and Herold,
Secretary English, Chief Engineer
Holmes and Chief Wharfinger Percy
Henderson. :
The merchants' committee on board
was composed of Frank J. Symmes,
(president),' Captain John Bermingham,
Wakefteld Brown, R. Swayne, W. H.
Roussell, Horace Davis, G* Wormser, H.
D. Loveland. A. Chesebrough, • William
Haas and F. W. Van Sicklen. These gentle
men will leare for Sacramento to-day
with the Judiciary Commmtttee^n order
to lay the merits of the lease properly be
fore the genate and Assembly.
The Judiciary Committee Is composed
of Davis of Tuolumne, Selvage of Hum
•boldt, Lukens- of Alameda, Smith, ot
Kern, Simpson of Los Angeles and Wolfe
and Ashe of San Francisco.' Besides these
were Senators Devlin of Sacramento and
Lardner of Auburn. .
The State t,ug was nearly half an hour
late getting away from her dock, and
then she headed for old fishermen's
wharf. A stop was made there to enable
the committee to view the old -structure
and thus give the members a chance to
compare the new structures in course of
construction at North Beach with it. The
comment on all sides was .that- the ac
commodation as proposed at North Beach
would make the finest fishermen's head
quarters in' the world.
From North Beach the Governor Mark
ham carried the party to China Basin.
There more than an hour was spent. Sen
ators Selvage of Humboldt and ; Simpson
of Los Angeles wanted to, know the why
and wherefore about everything.) Harbor
Commissioner Harney was the . principal,
spokesman, while Chairman Kllburn. who
stood In the background, volunteered' a.
suggestion whenever there was a hitch
in the proceedings. Herold^
spent his whole time in answering ques
tions and he was kept busy from the time
the tug left the wharf until she got back.
After the China Basin .. business had
been thoroughly thrashed out and -Chief
Engineer Holmes had laid down the law
and explained the proposition Senator
Lukens asked that the tug be run over
the line on which the Santa* Fe ¦¦ proposes
building a breakwater • or seawall. .-, The
Governor Markham -was therefore run
from the old hay wharf In a direct line
to where, the Marion is ' now - moored at
Long wharf. Asked If a 'drawbridge
would be erected over Channel street in
INDORSES LEASE
OF CHINA BASIN
A. Lewis, a shoemaker 35 years of age
and out of work, committed, suicide at
1020 Folsom street early .yesterday morn
ing by turning on the gas. He went to
the house Saturday .night and asked the
landlady-, Mrs. Becker Adams, to be al
lowed to sleep on a table, as he-had no
money to pay for a bed. He was allowed
to sleep on. a table, and about 6 o'clock
yesterday morning he was found dead by
J. JSchleb. The room was tilled with gas.
Lewis had attached a rubber tube to the
burner, and after turning on the.gas>hact
placed the end of the tuoe In his mouth.
His body was taken to the Morgue.
Lewis left two notes, one written in
English and the other In Hebrew. In the
former -he wrote: "Unable no more to
tight for subsistence. Broken down In.
health, I took my life, although I was
examined at the Mount Zlon Hospital this
week and they told me I was in the best
of health." I want my friends to excuse
me. I. wish they .would notify Mr. Hertz
berg from Howard street and Mr. Hodes,
•the buttonhole maker, from Mission ;
street, to take care of my remains." • The
note In Hebrew, translated, reads:
"Brothers in Jewish faith, please take
me and bury me as a Jew. .Mr. Herta
berg and Mr. Hodes, In case you can't do
it, notify the Eureka Benevolent Society,
as a sister of mine will come hera Very
soon. When she comes let her know
where I am. I was a Jew and remain a
Jew as the rest of them."
Robert McKenna, a painter, quarreled
with his wife at their residence, 25 Lily
avenue, early yesterday morning.. He
told her he could not live with her any
longer and said he would take poison. He
left her for a moment and came back
with a glass in his hand: He drank the
contents of the glass, but she paid no
attention to him, thinking he was only
jesting till he began to vomit.- Then she
got frightened and ran for a doctor, who
advised that her. husband be sent to. the
Receiving Hospital. He was taken to the
hospital in the ambulance and was* at
tended to by, Dr. Thrasher, but died,
about 6 o'clock, j and his body was taken,
to the Morgue. ; «'•¦ .
McKenna had swallowed a dose of ar
senic. He and his wife did not live hap
pily together, so it is said, but she never
imagined he would commit suicide. They
had two children,, one , six years of age
and the other.- four, years. . . .
A. Moeller, a baker residing at'5Sl
Hayes street and" 59 years old, ended his
life yesterday by swallowing a dose of
carbolic acid- in the rear -of a ¦saloon at
the corner of Hayes and Laguna streets.
As soon as Moeller's condition was no
ticed the ambulance was sent for and ha
was removed to the Receiving. Hospital,
where he dtedy, ten minutes after his en-
cause leading up to Moeller taking
his life was grief over the loss of his son,
who was one of -the. unfortunate young
men who met death on Thanksgiving day
In the accident ; at ' the . football game,
when i the glass works ; roof went down
with a crash. ¦ *:. ". .
A. Lewis, a Sick and Idle
Shoemaker, Turns
On Gas.
— — * — £ i
DESPONDENT MEN
COMMIT SUICIDE
From China Basin the party .went to
the Hunters Point drydock and looked
over the British steamer Heathcralg that
is being cleaned and painted. From there
the gentlemen were taken to the proposed
site of the new dock, and Supervising En
gineer Holmes explained the scope. and
plan of the structure. It will be one of
the largest docks in the world when com
pleted and one of the finest. . . • .
A cold collation was spread for the in
vited guests at noon, arid as "Colonel
Tom" Burgoyne was at the head of af
fairs It is needless to say that the /father
ing was -a success. The "colonel" Is a
past master at sandwiches, and there.was
not one of them left when the Governor
Markham docked.
the event of the seawall being built, the
Commissioners said It would be without
doubt.
MISS POLLT DUNN, WHO IS DEEMED BT MANY SAN FRANCISCO SO
CIETY PEOPLE TO BE THE PRETTIEST YOUNG I^ADY OF THE
7
A Ne*ve Bttilcle**
\ Health is not a question of muscle'anci sine*, but of resistance
and endurance. It is nerve- force that gives to the body that
strength and vigor to withstand tbe buffetings and hardships of
life and resist the encroachments of disease. When headaches,
nervousness, indigestion, loss of sleep, anxiety and worry sap the
nervous powers; when, the restless twitchings of the muscles, the
throbbing of the heart, the irritability of temper and the depres-
sion of spirits proclaim the approach of nervous prostration, it is
time to call a halt. The worn-out must be rebuilt and tho
resistive strength fortified before, health and vigor can be restored
"I had an awful dizziness la my heaa, palpitation of
the heart, was nearly blind and could 'not wallL Mj
mind was weakened and wandering and my nerves were
broken down completely. When the doctors tailed to
help me I began taking' Dr. Miles' Nervine and the first
day I was better. I improved right along and was sooa :
. a strong, healthy woman again."
Mbs. Wk. Roberts. Kimwnod. Ills.
Dr. Miles' Nervine
f . Is a preventive and a cure for nervous prostration. It
rallds up, the nerve forces of, the 6ystem, stimulates
. digestion, assists nutrition and overcomes disease.
Sold by druggists on a guarantee. , Dr. Miles Medical Co.." fiCkhart," Iwt'
735 M&rkrt «t., 8. F. iShattuck «v.. Berkeley.
*th & W«»"h'n. Oak. lOntral «v.. A!arr.-<ia.
7th & Wood. Oaklartd. ISS 6. 1st et.. San Joee.
917 Washington ft.. Oakland.
| Strictly Fresh Ranch Eggs,*
|; dozen 17 i-2c
'<\', *e1#rte<l large— white.
I Ghirardelli's Cocoa, can -19c
J :.:&'!«> In Fan Frtndwo.
. Always good. Tleg. 2Dc.
< : Columbia River Salmon,
! ""Salmon ftpakf." />on t/v
- . In flat «-ans. C«*ll *w» z
_J Halfmoon bran<J. Reft. 15c <[<!
j :¦ Extra Soda Crackers, ijji
} iolb. box 30c- i:«:
Kr»*h made. Reg. 4jC. 2'',
Monday only. <];
: Early Breakfast Coffee, |j
:• pound 15c «
Reg. 20«r. The *rre»t popularity and j>
prn/--ral use of this brand of coSe« >Z
Z[ it the b«>t guarantee. «
I Libby's Prgsfeet, can ioc |
i Boneless. "''I - ; : R
< A tnoFt economical lunch. *j
I New Cream Cheese, |
I , .^Llmr* 2 Pounds 25c «
• Guckenheimer Rye .Whis- i;
j; key, 'hot 70c $
'l Her •$!«). Tor an ©reaeitmal mod- <
]» erat« Mlnn^ant physicians recom- >
', ¦ v.- gsend It. - j,:
ji St. Lawrence Tonic Port, !•:
l\ gallon 60c ji
is Rep. $1.00- Th* .rapid advance In <•
il wines compels vr to mak« this our >
<< last special of 60c on this favorite, i;
Y< wine. However, we pUc« no limit V
X< on this sale. <;
ij| Sunny- Brook Whiskey, .:¦
I run 100 proof, gallon $3.50 I
!;J "Prl«e of Kentucky.'-' Re*;. $3.50. %THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI4 MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1901.
8
i ri*csixr:ss ciia!vces— continued; j
, FOR sale— Good country merchandise business I
including eof>d store, dwelling house, town i
hall, with other buildings and 35 lots. In Mo- !
doc Co.; a 27-mlle space with only this one !
store. * A. L.. WILLEY. 916 > Market: itA*: 8. F. j
A CUSTOMER of ours has cash andunencum- !
bered real estate to exchance for good pay- J
Ing business or stock of merchandise. .HER- j
. BERT & CO.. rm. 710. .Emma sspreckels bldg. I
fioo— A SACRIFICE: R*d Front *r«»8taurant, ;
i 1724 Market st. ; come early. D. McRAE. J
CIGARS, notions, laundry and bakery; three j
living room?. 5C7 Third st. ' j
ACTIVE -man to 4nveet-from $1000 -to. $5000. In '
established legitimate business: experience |
, ur.nect-t^ary : guaranteed salary of $150 *o *2W j
monthly; best city references and- bankable i
security given. .Opportunity, . box.. 1776. Call. I
WANTED — Parties to join a company now j
taking Government claln^s for homestead and !
oil; foil t'.ie best with plenty of water for J
Irrigation. Rochdale Land and Oil Co., room |
22. 26 Montgomery st. •
HORSnfHOEIXC, shop: one of the best 6hops
in the city on one of the principal streets; will
sell cheap, as owner Is obliged to leave city.
Box IfiSS. Call office.
OtTSIDE route on this paper for" sal*. Apply
Call Bus'.nesa Office.
LARGE outside route (.No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Ca'.l business effice. •
jepv— ON account of retlrinc; delicacy and dairy
produce store; established 14 -years; flneloca-
t!cn; cheap rent; 4 living rooms. Call at 406
I Larkln st. - - - '
! KOR Rent— Unfurnished; first class: Union |
I Hotel In Sonoma City: renovated from eel- j
i lar to garret. Particulars Inquire 1474 Ninth ;
' St.. corner Chester. Oakland. I
'¦ FOR sale— A steam la'undry in the Sacramento j
i Valley defns a bufinfES from $l«X) to $150 per
I week: no other launlr> within SO miles. Box !
I 1«45. Call ofUce. .
('GOOD paying, old-established lumber business:
Including sawmill, timber "ands. yards, him- j
1 l*r stock 'donkey engine, horse teams, etc
i H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
I SCT.O-- GOOD corner ,-estnurant and bar: rent
i r>5- Apply at WITCHMAN, LUTGEN & |
| co.'P. 315 Clay ft. . . j
! GROCERY and bar; must be sold on account I
* of departure: value in i-lcht: r900 <no agents). I
j AJdrvFS Grocer.- box 177S. Call office. 1
! TO LEASE from th* 1st of March: unfurnished j
i hotel, broad eauge station. San Rafael. Ap- .
! ply- owner. 11 Lyon tV. San Francisco. ' ' j
i RESTAl'RANT: B<-od location: cheap: I am i
j leaving city. 6*.O Stanyan st.. end of Halght. ;
! FOU PALE-^Oheap, established restaurant; |
1 otroer has other business. 12 Washington st. j
i Sl.*00— PARTNER wanted: legitimate paying •
! *-uslr.ess;_«oy<l sevurlty. _ Pox 1779. Ca'.l offic. j
I WELL-KSTAULIfHEO carpenter shop for j
j sale. Apply S16 'Gou«h st. !
. KESTACRAXT and three rooms for sale. Call J
; CC2 Mission st. j
TOR rale-Vandy More and factory: established j
i many years;" rood location. 1C<2 Market st. .
¦ FOR sale— Furnis+ied barber shop. PE. corner j
Turk r.rtii Scott sts. .
j FOtt BALE— Cheap; small restaurant; 2 living i
i rooms. Box IKS, Call office.
I CAJtDT ani stationery store, stock and fix-
"j tiirrs for sale eheaj<: no scent*. 205 Polk at. j
1 FOR sale— A fish and delicacy store. Address ¦
j C. M. \V., 346 Vlrrinla M.. Vallejo.
j $o.-- .V1NS I3W ter month at races; references j
plven. Ir.formxtlon Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4. j
j LAK'-JK tnstde rout" on this paper for sale. '
Apply bus!n«>«« office. I
I A BRANCH ofSce for Call advertisements an.l I
: subscription* has been established «t IC'Ji j
Valencia at. j
LOOGIKG-IIUTJSBS FOU SALE. !
I A ,.WE PAY SPOT CASH
For Roomtng-houses and Hotels •
Do Not Walt, for Agents to Sell
DONALD INVESTMENT Cp.. S51 Market. !
i I75ft; 10 P.OO.MP: all one flofr: Geary Bt.: j
' cleprs HW; only $2J0 cash required.- .
JI^-O cash for 11-room house; nicely fur- j
i r-lslcd: good location: balance payments..
i $'.00 for. IS-room boarrtins-house; central; |
i alwa>s full: rrnt $J5: long time balance. •
Va>-cnt houses furnished •. i
We furnish the monev. you pay «« you can. !
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. KM Marnet.
I MAlRION'~«3RiFriN~nas •~big~l7st of houseTT"
Hocmn 1 & 2. N.r 719 Market; rear Call bldg. ]
¦ 23 rooms; rent $7.%; riist floor: a.11 r.fflces: must i
j . lw» t/Aii departure; reduced from $1900 to $14.10. •
| S rooms; cor. flat: all sunny : rlefrant : rent $45; I
lTsnd :iew and nice; strictly first class. j
II rotiiiF. costly- fur.; rent Ji.1; respectable.tttOO j
40 rooms: respectable; rent $U0; modern \
; house; oyiner leaving c.ty: a fine bargain. |
j IS rooms: good fur.; rt-nt $SS $1100 •
; €0 rooms; fln*i cor. liousj: light: sunny;
! full: price reduced f<-om JZOOO to J4S0-0 j
"0 ROOMS; br^nd-new; mtist sell; north- Mkt. ; ;
i rent ?7J. WINSTON & WOLF. K-26 Market.
11 ROOMS: north of Market; part cash: price
I tt?7: WINSTON .* WOLK. 1026 Market St. - |
| CO ROOMS; rent J115: n.rth or Market: One pay- ]
ir.g house. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market. |
! BOOMS: corner: che.ip rent; price $?$Q0; pArt I
! _ca?h. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st. \
. to ROOMS: u«wly 'runilshed: rent Jl^n J30OO i
! 20'rootr.u: V«n N»*s: nn»ly furn.; extra.... 9".Q i
| If rooms. J4D0; 10 rooms, quirk.., r. 850 )
I 5ST-1 buys 14 *-]e~antly furnished rooms; nil I
hair mattresfes: b^st of beddinc: clears $63 j
! month; r»nt onlv JJ2 'A: bie barrain: best lo-
! cation. FISHER fc CO.. 1032 Market st. !
1 TATI/iR, near Market— Fine • transient: oak
i furniture: i rooms end bath: rent MO; water
I free: *150. National Real Estate Exchange,
I 5 Eddy st.
j ELEGANTLY furnished 7-room house; fine lo- I
j cation: chean rent; small payment down: 1
i small* monthly payments. National Real i
i Estate Exch.inr< ' Eddy st. • :
. . s j
LOPGING-HOTTPES-Sizes and prices to suit!
nil buyers: •ltle« trunranteed; money loaned)
] buyers* before buying call.
! G. W. SCHWEINHARD. !
i Phone Mint 1SU. 917 Market ft., bat. 5th &. «th. j
j CALL and see our list of bargains In houses: j
j we have them In any part of the dry »nd at I
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth st. • ;
. ; :
$7M— 2S ROOMS: fine location: well furnished; '
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 E<idy «t. j
IlSt«— LOTV7IN-G-HOUSE foT sale; tO rooms.
; liS'i Ellis St. ...
I BARGAIN: 18 rooms; a mohey-maker; se« It.
; 1" OFarrell st.
j 15-HOOM house; fine location; well furnished; !
! fdil: rofn« nway. TIot isfu Call n/Tlce. j
. I
i SriIUTL'ALISM. i
JUST arrived from the East. Mr. and Mrs. !
Foster, mediums for spirit photography and i
spirit telegraph> -. -OtUnjr* from 3 to &; get a|
photo nf your spirit fri-nds. 203 Taylor st. !
GRAND test meeting by Mrs. K^elv and Mr.
Pwan at "Cambrian Hall. HOJ Mission Bt.. |
Monday evening at S; every one cets a test, j
MRS. LESTER— Readings. &0c; circle every eve j
ex. Eat.. 10c; devcl.: circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk. |
CARLE. SOS Taylor sf.. corner Kills— Slttlncs '
dally; seance Tuesday and" Thursday. ' ' ]
MRS. WEST, wcnderfnl medium and healer: I
'¦ tradlnc* dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market. -room 14.
MME. MAJORS.- gifted spiritual medium. Healer
and card reader., 14S Eddy tt. -. • •
MRS. 3. J. WHITNEY, trance. bus.medtum.Ufe
; reader, medical clairvoyant. 11S4 O'Farrell.
C. Mr»yo-Steer*. 1I2H Oak *t.. tranoo medium:
readingn Jl : hours 1-5 p. m. : tel. Howard 527.
t-UIKNDSHII' Hall. MS McAlllMer— Mrs. C. J.
' Mw; »'>tin». «i»Hv; «^-«« in »l| to.rHght-.10c.
CLA1HVOYAXTS.
, « <r "__
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever' In San
; Francisco. ,
PROFESSOR JOHNS..
The world's Greatest living palmist and clalr-
voyant. can be consulted dally on alt afr-ilrs of
', life; he atjvlses you- whether you will be sue- i
' ces«ful In buslnexs. mlnins or lawsuits, etc.: !
Professor Johns is N»yond -the shadow «f "a
doubr the mo^t scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant in the world to-day.
There is no home so dreary or sad. no life
, fo hard and bllrhtrd. no heart so sad and
. lonely, that cannot be set.risht and kept right !
j after a visit to this Inspired prophet of modern I
time*: all long-stamllns^ and chronic dlseasen j
' tliat hav« baffled the- physician's skill cured •
. without the use of medicine; ho reunites the i
, j separated. settles lovers." quarrels, causen I
. ; speedy and happy- marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits;
) drunkenness cured, without, the patient's
. knowledge; tells if your loved one Is true; en-
( ibles you to win the affection of any one you
¦ drelre; also thai. which a perion Is best adapt-
I ed for in ltfe is pointed out; he enables you to-
• overcome -your enemies: no matter what your
- trouble Is,* he ran -and will / help"; you ¦ or
' charge you nothing for -his services. -
N.. n.— Palmistry taught: medlumtstle per-
. sons developed. 2C'.4 Kearny St.. near Market i
• Readings by mall.
If you cannot rail, write.' Give date of birth
' state whalher Mr. or Mrs. • or Miss; ask six
questions; Inclose Si. » a.' m. to 8 p. m. •
. CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
•will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
; vice can be relied upon In all busines* affairs.
> sales of property.' ell."- mines and lawsuits; do
you want a better position? Call and learn how j
to get tt. MRS.S.SAND; T.S.HM Mariet. r. 2S.
HOUSES TO 1ET> ; - *
a_printED LIST Houses to let;'send for clr-
7ular: G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. H Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1932. near Laguna— Eight rooms,
. bath, laundry: marine view; rent $4o.
FILBERT 1225— House. 7 rooms, bath; large
svinny yard: rent $17: water free.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; large yard; cheap
rent. 2251 Mission st. . .
NICELY furnished modern house: downtown;
location: 11 rooms and bath: low rent. -Apply
SPECK & CO.. Ml Market St.
HOUSF. OLKAMXG.
JAPANESE House CUanlns Co . estab. ISM;
removed to 419 Devlsadero St.. tel. Fell 128.
INVALID Ft^XITUKE^^^^^
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent;
F.GOODB\N. im Van Ne«« ave.. nr.*Po»t st.
, LOST AXD I-'OUXU.
STOLEN— Saturday, -bright bay horSe Roman
noJel* years old. hitched to spiral spring
business buggy. Return to Devlsadero-st.
Stable? 824 Devlsadero St.; receive liberal
reward: no qSestlons asked. ;
LOST-A lady's fur collar whUe driving on
g
BRIDGE'S Stable. 423 Post at.
and hair of deceased boy ; reward. 2613 Bu-
chanan st. '¦
LOST-Gold quartz horseshoe loc*** * l ' ° r "'"
Garibaldi Hall; *> reward. 1203 Union st.
LOST-A passbook with the Hio*" 1 * itev'ng
and : Loan Society of San Francisco ln_ the
name of EMMA BRADFORD. No. 23.-D6L
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— White fox terrier dog; hair cut back of
shoulders; $3 reward. 1321 Page gt.
LOST— A pass-book with th- Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San . Francisco. In ths
name of ANNIE DOYLE: No. 173-12.6. The
finder will pleayse return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Notte.
Jeweler. 248 O'FarreU. bet.. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, stiver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market nt.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list: oldest reliable agency; con-
fldentlal. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 187«; relfable: con-
fldentlal lists. 10c. 323 Kfiiroy st.. rng. 6-«.
MATTRESSES AXD
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel. Soutb-'afi:
to .order or renovated, . feather and hair
steamed; expert carpet cleaning*, strictly re-
llable. . HOPKE BROS.. 31S-33> Eleventh st.
BIEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at of nee; patients treated can return samft
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT; a sure cure; gives instant relief; harm-
lees; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, .the well-kno-xn expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable: 10
years In Q. C. Hospital. London; practiced In
S. P. since 1J&4; maternity home; f.ee low.
¦ 1007H Market street. -near Sixth.
DR. G. W.'O'DON'NELL. moved to MHS Market,
opp. 6th: world-renowned ladles* specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can b£ used at. home; consultation
free. After all other* fall call on him.
MRS DR KOHL. M7 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; 23 years'
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ffpeclallst: 25 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any .ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde, and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market.
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist.
]»iisckl.IjA.m-:ous avaxts.
LADIES'- and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Bllverman. 9S4 FoNnm: tel. Fnl««»n HT
\ UlXSg A>D MIXING.
MINES bought and sold: also stocks la mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. r «7i-
4T«. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3-
MISCELL-VXEO-JS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-ban«l machinery. He*
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont sL
FOR sale cheap— 1 Gray & Woods planer. 27
ft. bed; 1 sawmill for "timber: 1 pat. dry
house.- SOCO ft. capacity; 1 Goodall A Waters
lumber -planer. 6x24; knife grinder; turning!
lathe; upright boring machine. Iron frame and j
table, pully. Style borer: Jointer; band saw; |
cutoff and rip saws; band saw flier, andtither j
machinery?- Apply to C. W. BURGESS, care :
P. A. Buell. Stockton. Cal. .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
¦ bar* a large stock of saloon o-tflts on hand:
S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready maae;
we can ship everything In 24 houra. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California.
. «t.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulley*
etc. .WHITELAW. 216 Spear at. .
A BEAUTIFUL pair of solitaire diamond ear-
screws I'or *53. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
ave. . . : ---.
20 H.-P. D. C, 220 volt Westlnshouse motor
for sal* or • exchange for any other machin-
ery. Box 1R47. Call office. (
A— 20-TON Howe wagon . scale; compound
beam. Apply at 218 California st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at Tjw
flgurew. L. & M. ALEXAXDER. 110 Montgy.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, £8 Bluxome.
THIRTY 5-ft. emerald bath < tubs at a bar-
eatn. 204 Miseion st.. near Main. .
400.000 hard second-hand bricks; Baldwin elte.
Apply on premises* JOHN MOORE. ,
FOX terrier" cheap; finely bred and. marked.
143 Ferry st.. off Point Lobos. . .
CANARY birds, males and females. 'also' "H»r-
rer Rollers," at LOHMANN'S. 316S 16th.st.
FOUR good carpets cheap; no dealers. Address
¦ E. C. LITTLE, room 6, 403 Montgomery st.
A 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler: 8 H.. P. engine:
cheap. - J. BURKE. 1» Beare st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG.*- Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air m&-
chlnery bought and sold. White. Sit Mlsalon.
PHOTOGRAPHIC a fid magic lantern 'goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAF'ES— New and second-hand. THE HER- I
MANN 'SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lantern*, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD tt BRECK. 131 Poat St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SATTR. 1W>-111 M.irket «t. San Fn»n.
BIONE Y ' TO LOA.\.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peooieTcan
-afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 3 and 10. 906 Market st
ANY' proposition, any amount; ( per cent: first.
» second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
| mortgages and securities. Rcom 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided .Interest, real estate In. pro-
bate; mortgages and lea-acles bought: no de—
. lay; get my terms before doing business else.
where. R. MaCPLCAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Ptore. 845 Market
St.; f 1. Main 1844. 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages: notes and collat-
-* erls. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial.. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable pUc«- to borrow "on diamonds.
:, watches, Jewelry- W. J. HEiiTHAL.- 10 Sixth;
-highest, price for old. gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal;- money
. quick; lowest interest: easy terms ; no broker-
ace: reliable party. 4170 Market St.. room CS.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
i HILL. rm.. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif omlal
$100, COO, TO loan on real estate or for building;
i low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%" undi-
vided Ints.: estates. HARPER.397 Parrott bl£.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York" plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Piirrott building.
MONEY to loan- on furniture by privta party-
low, rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 60S /"Examiner 'build Ing.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL CTSTRITMEJrTS.
1 £? u< **er * Hon pianos, have Just re-
f!,,^? a . noth *r carload of these beautiful ln-
m »r,H The 'reatest var.ety In stylea of
-f £- ? wo / )d * can be seen and persona de.
*?£«£* 8 r ecr on * 0 '' these most perfect
punos Btottk) call early. Wan-room. 7K> Map-
J^ ,^ V * %" tock • complete assortment of
Sf-L* Baumeister. Wlllar.! and
,tl 3™ lr f 1 ' *» not care to pay
th» n7lvre^ a f D<>C^ r ' To a » sueh-w. giv«
Int- P i ™ f v for a Decker at
fo« We ZVl 1 ? the -H^r-nce wtthout
? f i u L«TrL KS2? 1 *" wlth low Interest
Markit st MA L'VA1S MUSIC CO.. 7S*
A BIG BARGAIN LIST. — —^—^— -
W73 Conorv-er for. .,.»
$430 Standard for \ *?£
• J40O Curtaa for |J~
$325 Curtaz r«5r *li!
X3Z0 Sterling for * *~
$C0O Wellington for ij~
Schledmayer, $IS0; Wesley & c o " ji-K-'ck ,
wood & Sons. $163; Gapler. $1M; JUIneV Bre-
$140; Haliett & Davi5. $133; c;hl C k"rtn« square*
$73. Some are new. some second-hand all in
the finest condition. Easy payments' or for
cash. BENJ. CURTAZ & Po N . uvrlmll
St.. Chickerlng agency. Also the "adoIH '•
K-lf-ptayer. latest best. '
ANY person having use for a ptano can be ae
commodated ar ssherman. Clay Cc Co.'t with
easiest payments, lowest prices and moat re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade.- from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
¦¦ priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlnv»
- within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for IS cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for M, $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY^ & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Xearay n&d Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway ami Thirteenth «t.. Oak-
land.
AT wholesale— ICO new pianos till March 1.
$138 ud. Greatest offer ever made la San
rranctsco In prices and terms.
1 Steinway. all. uprights $1«
1 Novella t3
1 Hallet & Davis 4»
1 Halnes 143
•1 Chickerlne .- 243
'We handle all makes. 'Agents for some of
theoldest pianos In existence— Hallet & Davis,
Behr Bros.. Jewett. etc.: agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO COMPANY. 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houa«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 29.
23 and 30 CFarreH st./ ulanos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grad»«
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
A BONA-FIDE cleaning out removal sale of
second-hand pianos at low auction prices, $5)
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1719
Market St.
WHY second-hand piano? $150 will buy n<-ar
one. TV. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
WANTED— Five good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post St.
PARTY zoln* East must sacrifice fine standard
make upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
! HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. HanJman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice uprlaht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HOItNUNG. 21S McAllister.
BVRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron,
Mauzy. Gobler and Spellman Pianos. 309 Post.
OS sale— Steinway upright, JCOO. 217 Geary st..
room 36..
PIANOS from $25 up: squares- and uprights:
cash cr Installments. DEWING CO.. 13
Flood building.
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions: see ouf
leader, enly $150. BRUEXN. 203 Post st.
1 AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
{ rights at your own price. Shontnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new planes, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 860 Haye» n.
SUPERIOR vloltns. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.-
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tn»
United Ft«te« cr Canada one vear for $1.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TWO nice stores with living rooms, either
suitable for florist or bakery ¦, near a transfer
corner: Sixteenth and Mission sts. : rent .rea-
sonable. Key at 1340 Mission st.
A KINE stand for coffee and lunch house: very
centrally located; near new City Hall. Apply
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON' & CO.. 11 City
Hall square.
CORNER store— "West corner Fourth and Perry
-- its.; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years; rent $29; water free. Apply to tt. II.
UMBSE3T & CO.;'14 Montgomery at.
STORE and basement to leas* on Grant ave..
riear Geary st. DAVIDSON tt LEIGH. 30
Montgomery St. .
SUTTER. .826— Offices of lat* Dr. Beverly Cols;
furnished suitable for two physicians.
! CHEAP, light ofSces. Emaia Spreckel* bulld-
j Ing. «7 Market st. .
DO you want to make money In oil?. Here la
your opportunity. I offer you & ground floor
proposition for a few days only In solid
camp-injf that controls over 400 acres In th*
famous Sunset district. Now has 20O-barrel
well. Limited number of shares at 13 cents.
Tou must act at once, as this proposition will
soon be taken up. C. F. MOORE. 333 Mar-
ket at., room 6.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine- stre«T
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
Oil. LANDS FOR SALE.
OIL lands for eale^ — 120 acres positively proven
oil land for sale In S. 24. T. 28. H, J7. Kern
River district, $12J0 ptr acre; Kill sell In
20-acre lots and upward. Call or ad£resa
A. K. PERCIVAL ft CO.. 520 Nineteenth st..
Bakersfleld. ¦ . " ¦ . .
KERN River; proven territory; Has of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A' £omea. r. 104. Chronicle.
1'AINTKUS AXD DECORATORS.
"Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered.. J3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open evening*.
PALMISTItY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sdentltte palmist. SIS
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Poat: tel. Black Wl.
ADVICE tree; no charge anless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Ewmlnw blc.
I'EIISO.VILS.
HIGHLY connected, cultured gentleman of
means with liberal income desires to meet
lady similarly situated with view to. matri-
mony; write" full .particulars in flm letter;
trlflers Ignored; all correspondenc* conflden-
tlaL Address box 1681. Call office-. .
FOR adoption:. healthy brunette boy and pret-
ty blue-eyed girl baby; also attractive boy
S months old, with dark, curly hair; only
responsible parties need apply. MRS. DR.
FU.VKE. HIS Eighth at.; Alameda.
IF yoa want to be successful in all your affairs
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
ia good within your reach. ¦ you must learn
how to influence people; I wtl) teach you
how. MRS. VALEEN. 215 Leavenworth st.
VALUABLE Information will b« given- to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine' or any other drug by MR3. E.
PEARCE. 726 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
A-$3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popn-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Plm.
FIXE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third at., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to J* per week;
free 'bus and baggage to a-nd 1 from th* ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $3 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINQ
CO.. 1310-U12 Btockton st.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3S7 Jessl« »t-
SPECIAL. sale. $1 port and sherry. S3c Mon-
• arch Wine Agency. 151S Market: send postaL
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.* nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fta-
glshlng & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIS3 EATON. Ill* Sntter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, plar books, wlgs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 73» 3Ikt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Palm. «>• beit
corn cure: 25c;. all drngglsta.
ALFREDUM9 Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to ita natural color: $1: at all druggists,
A WKKK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y»a..
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. cV O'DONNELL-Offlea and residence.
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh,
DR. WONG HIM. Serb doctor. tuceessfuMy
. treats all diseases of the human body: *»¦»
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellla.
KBAL,E8TATB TO K.\CHA>GB.
WE have the largest list of improved and un-
' Improved city and farm property located in
all parts of United States to exchange.. Call
and see us. HERBERT A CO.,i room 710 Em-
ma h'preckels building, 7S> Market st
EMI^LOrsiEXTn AVAJfTED— .PK3IALBV
YOUNG* Swedish girl .wants situation' to do
upstatrs work. Call at 6H' Bowie ave., oft
Eleventh- bet. v Folsom and Howard. ;
MIDDLE- AGEQ woman wants work* by the
day. week or? month or charaberwork. • 315
lehama st. . • . - - . •
A GIRL wants housework In a small family.
*2Z McAllister st. ¦ . >
A RESPECTABLE widow wishes a-place to do
llfrht housework and take care of -children for
J a good home for herself and 2 children, aped
P and 5 years: wasei no object. MRS. B..
10SU Fell Bt.: basement.
WOMAN with a child 3 years old wishes a sit-
uation to do housework: is a eood seam-
stress; city or country. ¦ 115 Morris ave., off
t Bryant. »t.' . . •_:
TRAINED nurre wants engagement: perma-
nent preferred; terms reasonable. Box 1698,
Call office.
A COMPETENT woman who Is a good cook
wishes a position In country hotel.- Address
841. Howard at. - - '
RELIABLE woman 'wishes position as working
j housekeeper: city. » or country. Address 88
. .Third st.; roorr. j.\ .
House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25e to $150 night. SI 60 to $5
.week:; convenient- and respectable: free 'bus
•and barrage to ; and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED" advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦subscriptions has ,' been established at 109S
Volpnolir st. : ..,' ¦ ¦ . .....-' .
''^-J!??}j^?_?* s j?*?. WAXTEP -T"y- A - ij - E - t .
MIDDLE-AGED man. >'. • Englishman of good
education, seeks employment of any kind:
speaks French and German fiuently: goo«l
"penman; plain bookkeeper: could take care of
Invalid or act a* secretary: willing to work
abcut house or doMleht chores: city or coun-
. try. Address" bcx 1G63.. Call office.
A POSITION as traveling salesman wanted:
rood address; strictly temperate; married;
first-class references; a" good. live, energetic
hustler. J. CURRY. -17C8 14th St.. Oakland..
POSITION wanted by young man. age W: 5
.years', experience In entry receiving and ship-
ping clerk:, willing to do ' any honest work;
salary moderate. Box 1665. Call office.
NURSE ; and ettendant. well recommended.
¦ stiittly sober, desires position with Invalid
gentleman; t*rms moderate. HENRY FICHT-
NER, IOCS Mission st.'. -
ELDERLY French-Swiss desires some more
offices to clean, or other Janitor work; refer-
ences. L. C., 5^4 Virginia Place, rear.
EXPERIENCED collector, strictly temperate,
energetic and capable, desires a position with
law or coltectlon firm. . Box 1C73. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable carpenter wishes
position. Boxl6S5, Call office. '
PAINTER, paperhanger, tlnter: will work pri-
vate or landlords: i eferences and 15 years'
experience. Box 1691. Call office. -
STRONG, young, man of "21 would like work,
painting- preferred; used to climbing. 2019
Fifteenth st. * /
PAINTER and gralner: can do lettering and
striping. Box 1661. Call ofrtce-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore'st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
FIJATHBR IMLLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FrATHKR FACTORY. 24< Ptevenson nt.
FINANCIAL.. L
~,
"% per month paid for money; security Al. Ad-
dress Money, box '.1777, Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New • flats. on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; S and 6
rooms nnd bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1003
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN tc. CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 7 large rooms and bath.'- 154 Sev-
enth si. . iV
GOLDEN GATE. 961. opp. Jefferson square-^
Seven sunny rooms and bath. $32 50.
VERY fine flat. 7 rooms. 2324 Mission St., be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
FlIRXITVRE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT new furniture of a six-room flat
for sale. Apply 10 to 12 a. m., 2925 Wash-
ington si.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. I
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Lsrkin: tel. Polk S94;
furniture & furn'd bouses bought: spot cash.
TO receive highest vaiue for furniture, carpets.
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 7ST Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. I carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market sW; tel. Jessie 7tl.
A. WOL.LPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest'
price for »fconrt-hand furniture; tel. Red 13M.
. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1?5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $40, and 10 waitresses, $20, for
flrst-class hotel, see party here; 2 waitress-
es for Santa ¦ Monica, Los Angeles County,
$20 and fre«t fare; 3 more waitresses with
• uniforms for flrst-class hotel. $20 and fare,
advanced; waitress for mountain hotel, $20.
faro advanced; 6 waitresses for different
country hotels, $20; 3 mor« straight chamber-
maids, south, one-half .fare advanced: .10
waitresses, hotels, city, $20; 6 restaurant
¦waitresses, city. $6 and $7 a week: 2 res-
taurant waitresses, short distance In coun-
try. $20; S straight chambermaids,' city, $17
ami J1S f.. ...'... .".
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish girl for peneral house,", small Ameri-
can family. $30: houseglrl for another small
American family, short distance, $30; house-
Blrls, second girls, nurseglrls, city and coun-
C. H. HANSEN & CO., 10> Geary St.
"ilRSi M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 flrst-class waitresses for large commercial
• hotel, $20/ see party here; ¦ 6 waitresses,
Honth, $20; 8 waitresses, first-class commer-
cial hotel, $20,$22 50; 5 waitresses, city. $20:
2 lentaurant -waitresses. $7 and 8; lunch and
dinner waitress. $20; chambermaid. $20; 2
chambermaids. $18: 3. chambermaids to wait,
$:0; chambermaid to wait. $25.\ -...
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT'
Mother and daughter as cook and second
girl, $43, see lady here: working housekeep-
er, small American family, $20; working ;
houseUe.-p»>r, widower's family. $3>. and
many others. MRS. M. E: DAY & CO., 335
- Geary st. ; • r ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
A— WANTED— WoiVian S3 years of agfe or over
for Institution, country: some experience In
: nursing if possible; $20. board, room and
i laundry first month. Increase to $25 second
month; permanent position. W. D. EWER
6 CO.. 610*. Clay -Bt. - '
GIRL for general housework, good plain cook-
ing, nice place, aeo party here. $25; girt for
small family. • light work, girl has nice, sun-
ny. Marge room, a J good home,' $15; t colored
girl for family of 2, see ' party /here ¦¦ to-day
¦ ll:a. m.. $17 30. '- California Employment
ARcncy, 59 Third st. ; phone Red. 31. • : •'
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework:
small wages $12. Apply 10 a. m;,
'Monday. M6 Natoma »t. * •
WANTED— Respectable girl '15 to'lS for light
" housework. 1362 Geary st. ~~" -.-.'-¦
GIRL for housework, assist 1 with baby; wages
$15. Call In the morning at 1104 Ellis st.
BUTTONHOLE maker 4 and operator on vests;
also apprentice. 641H Stevenson Bt. .
APPRENTICE girl on' vests: one that knows
how to sew. 9 Geary St., room 25. -
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
"-ages. Apply 614 Devlsadero st.-
FIRST-CLASS talloress -wanted on .custom
coats; good pay. 533 Natoma st. ' • ¦ ¦
YOyNG clrl for -.general ' '¦ housework; good
"wages. S14 Steinerst. •-¦'. ¦ "
GIRL tn nsslsl In housework; wages $10 to $12.
1716 Pest st. ....-; . . :
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1611
Scott st. ' . ' . .
WANTED— A waitress. ' 113 Turk St.. -restau-
" . rant. . . : -_ ,.'.--
I GIRL for fight housework.' Apply after, 9:30
i a. ' m..' 4S6 Fell st.-. ¦• ¦ ' ¦¦;' ... . .
GIRL for general houscwtirk. 4 In family: ref- y
j erences. 1930 'Sutter. St. v - .
' LADY; boarding wishes. young girl to assist
1 with .baby. ,2201" Webster st. ' ' .
: GOOD finisher ! and ' experienced > apprentice
pElrlson custom coats. 128 Russet.''
NEAT younr girl for light housework; wagea
I $10 to $12. » 2777 . Twenty-fourth » st. . . -
j WANTED— Young. lady -stenographer and type-
j writer, one .willing to work ¦ for Experience In
, office with experienced operator. Apply HER-
j. .BEICT & CO:., room. 7 10/ Em ma Spreckets bldg.
: OPERATORS on >' electric, power sewing ma-
chines on shirts nnd overalls at GREENE-
¦ ¦ •' BAUM. ,WEIL - & MICHAEL'S. 531 " Mission.
.WANTED-7-Operator en pants; must know how
to^flnlsh. 2229% Mlsalon »t— .-¦¦-
"WANTED-r Flrst-class trlmmer t for country po-
1 sitton; only- flrst-class apply. ¦ Box 168S,- Call.
j' •"." CLAIRVOYANTS.- i^J' '
| MME. M. BERNARD. ~'
j THE FAMOUS
'Clairvoyant and business medium. Is • perma-
! nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
j building. She reads your life correctly, gives
an accurate- description of the past, reveals
. the - present-' happenings and portrays events
! to occur in the future. If you are in trouble,
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied In life,
! or have domestic, love -or bui>lnes9 trouble-,
{consult this great medium and you will be
i told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
! Iij'all affairs of life; tic up; perfect satisfac-
j tlor> guaranteed. • . ' . ¦ !
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 'the well-known trance
1 medium, I* permanently located at 1206 Mar-
I ket tt.. corn«r of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
j and 16; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
! guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
I jihlft. with .special terms. Dally and. Sunday.
i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil— second sisht;
! diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
j Rents J': palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant ana
i palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
I *th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. I. AROSE. be«t clairvoyant, card reader,
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth."
AIRS. Melvtll, well-known clairvoyant, water'
¦ reader. 11. 6th :German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. 2EREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 23c. ¦ 7 .Seventh tt.
MME. SCHAFFEIl. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings gaily.: 44SU Jpsste gt.. bet. 5th I: 6th.
MRS: B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortuns
teller, has .removed -to 222 Eddy st' '. •• ' .
MME. AUGUST. dairvcyant. card reader and
palmjstry; tmth or du pay; SJc. 1149 Mission."
MRS. E. M. DUVAU clairvoyant, business me-
dlum: mlntnx a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fiuently; business
I s«1v1«"«: n»n~e« riven: 5"" lin. 5 Fwtrth gt.
| CARPET HEATIXO .AND CLEA2VIXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I Ing Works. 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.'
CARPETS* cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at. 5c.
STR\TTON'S. 3 Eighth r.t.: tel. Jessie 344.
! J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and- Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth gt.: tel.. Mission 74..
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaninjr Co.. 402 Butter St.;
i tel. Main 3JJ. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I COXKLI.VS Carpet-Beatintr Works. 333 Golden
j Gate ave. ; telrnhnn>» East 126.
I . '
1 CIIIUOFODISTS.
I CORNS, bunlin.*. Ingrown nails, warts.' chll-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 41*» Putter.
i COLLECTION OFFICES.
¦ CEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
i lets successful. -Room 310, 927 Market «t.
i ~ ~~^~ ** "~~~^ m ¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
! TO RENT— A very desirable six-room cottage.
j 1S13 Baker st.
' TWENTY-FIFTH. CS33-Cottage, 3 room?;
j large, yard; rent $S.
I WOLFE St.. .S— Cottage' 4 rooms, yard, etc.};
i rent JV Key 2S<S Mission st.
i J7 TO— 5-ROOM ccttase and barn; water free.
j oCCO Mission st. •. i
i $U — REAR sunny house of 5 rooms, facing
! small street. 2310 California st.
DENTISTS.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SM M»r-
i ket St.. cor. 4lh, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can i
j have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
; without plates our specialty; poM crowns,
i J3 £.0 up: plates*, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
! f.ce hours. 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
i p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
| A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
j plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
I unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
j fcr in years; crowns. ?3 50; fillings, 50c; plates,
' $5. ful! set: ell work painless nnd warranted.
j Chicaeo I v </nt:»! Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, brldcea
and filling**; extractions or fillings by :ny
• wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
| I)R. GEORttE W. LEEK*. :0 O'Farrell st.
' DU. LUDLUM HILL. 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
: —No charge for extractlnc when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
I from $S per set: extracting. COc: gas given.
I THE New York Dentists have moved to S63 '
I Mission ft., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowes
• and bridges: difficult" plate ?rork solicited;
I positive piiniess extraction. We.
'l DR. R.L. WALSH. 81i»i Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
> less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phon« Polk 1133.
! PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bu*h—
; Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $J: fllllnrs, 25?.
| DR. H. O.TKUEMAN. dentist. Milrd floor. Ei-
; atnlner liulldirr: formerly In Murphv blrtc.
! VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
| dar». lOOi Market et.. corner Sixth.
j SKT of teeth without" plates. DR. H. G.
vor->-'O isn polk ..t.
i =
j EDl'CATIOXAU • "
i EviicNTNTr^c^6oTr^r?c~mj«rN^Ti?oij
| LEGE. 123n Market it.; Individual instruction
I In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
! civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
J ALL ttudents but two taking full course this
I . year cot position*. SAN FRA.NCISCO BUSI-
i NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
] AYHES'-.Ruslness College. 733 Market St.— Day
j and evening; -IS per month: $50 life scholar-
thin guarantees a complete business oducM-
i t!on. Including the commercial and shorthand
i courses: telegraphy, penmanship, etc.." posi-
I tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
{ GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookKeeplng; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court • reporter; teacher of
»horthand: renortorial phrasing taught; prac-
; tlc*l hockkeepinc. full course. }50: catalogue.
I HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, Hi Pest st.
4* !*. F — Eookkeeplnr, rhorthand. typing, Ian-'
j ruaires. telegraphy. English branches, civil,
i electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
I and nlcht sessions: r.ew SO-pace catalogue free.
j A— THF. LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
I rchool for the university, law and medical
: colleges: references. President Jordan or any
| Stanford profpsMr. Ph^lan building.
• CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE hRB posl-
tlcns fraarantced to ft by written contract.
I and raft therefore with confidence guarantee
| iirs'.tinn* to all Its Kraduates. 3C5 T^arkln s!.
j MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
J typlnc. removed to new *iuarters, rms. 40-43
j Parrott b!d<. : Indlvlil. lnstruftlon:-catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— PcrfTtlnK beclnners; business
college craduatef ; bookke'plns-nsures; short
time. TARn. »>xp. SC ct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
j MINING school of H. Hlrschlnc, 3S4 Kearny st..
[ cpfn; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxiva-
tion. mineralogy, reolocy. coal oil formation.
I ENGINEERING, civil. el»c. mlnlng.mech..sur-
| vey. assay, cyanide, orch.: day. eve: e«t. ISM.
VAN rr.lt NAILT/KN- CCIIOOT.. SM Market.
! COACHING In hich school mathematics a ipe-
j cialty; simple method*: olwas-s . successful;
| circulars. 3040 Slxteentlx St. ¦ ¦
j ¦
j PIANO lessons given - at low rates: harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Rox 15SS. Call.
¦ MANDOLIN, violin, eultar playent. cluh prac-
¦ tlco. MerVI. reliable ten«-h»r. 100S Ml«lnn Kt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, irnmnwr. writintr,
etc: day or eve.: $r. nw. 1024 MlsiOnn. nr. «th.
I lLLTTPTTtATlOV— PARTI XaTOTS DAY and
j IIt,r<5TT?»TTOV_ nlr-^f r-1-mu 4J\ Pino «t.
Elin.OYMRXT OFFICKS^
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office: best
help furn. : domestic servants: work executed
with cnr». dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 37S.
JAPANESE' and Chinese help of all kinds;
rook*, waiters nnd house Fervants. GEO.
AOKI fc CO.. til Post st.: tel. Bush. US.
JAPANESE central house-clennlnu & employ,
ment; all kinds help. _IO4C Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help.' 136 O'Farrell st.: tel.' Hyde S19L
HKLIARLK. .lapnnese-Chlnese employment of-
rtce; all .klndx help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
A DC EMPLQTMKNT Office; Chjnese. Japan-
«<• li»ip fur. 544 California; phone Jsmes 2601.
j-ORPHF.l'M Kmoloyment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 416 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel. Rlack 5072.
• , CHINESE and Japnnese . Employment Office—
Rest heln. 4im O'Farrpil ft.: tel. Ea«t 4I8.
ICMI'LOV.ME>T WANTED KK.MALE.
|- A COMPETENT woman with a child' desires'
; situation: good cook nnd hnujeworker; • ref-
] erer.ces. MISS CULLEN. 3!5 Sutter st. ¦
j A- FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid an«l
seamztrnss fjexircs situation; best of city ref-
crrncfs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter et. "
, A NBAT- young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist second work; references." ¦' MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. • . - - ¦ - ; .
,, AN. elderly woman wishes situation j In " small
family; ..cooklnc and general housework, - or
care for a. child.. Apply 2017. Powell 'St.; no
pcstals. .
I EXPERIENCED woman would like, work In
restaurant. 'boarding-house or. lunch-house to
work from ? to 3. wait. or assist In kitchen.
-Call or "address 264 First St.. upstairs. '
PROTESTANT woman - wishes housework ;
steady and reliable; permanent place wanted;
; references. Call 40 Minna st.,' bet. First' and
•Second. . " . : .. ¦,-¦,.;¦¦: '.-.¦. ;
WANTED— Place to work by. the day house-:
\ cleaning and" washing.' U 10 a day.* 550 Mis-
bIou et. ....
'ft HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Girl . to do cooking, washing and
downstairs work;- must be good cook. Apply
MOO Fell. st. . '
WANTED— A lady as housekeeper, to take
care of 2 children and small house (Invalid
lady In country). Address box 1678. Call. - -
WANTED-^A woman cf tact and refinement;
.free from home cares and willing to travel.
Address Commercial^ box 1697. Call office. "
STEADY work for experienced operators on
,. bar coats: also custom shirts; hands wanted.
36 Geary st.,:. room «46. - •
WANTED— Coat finisher. 24 Hayes 'st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $13.
1124 Greenwich st. .
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st. '¦ *«
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factor}-. 723 Market St.. room 35. •'
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
on pants. . 541 Market st.- - ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' . . .
HELP WAXTBD— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 684S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
, 2 machine miners to sink shaft, $S2 SO and
found, sea boss here, fare paid....
Stableman, country stable.....'. $30
'2 milkers, same dairy, north, steady Job. .$35
Vegetable gardener, south .*.$35
Gardener. -near city ..; ." $23
• Pruners and grafters; 17 orchard . and farm
hands :. i $20, $25. $28 and $30
,Choreman Tor dairy, near clty~$15 and found
To go to-day, 10 woodchoppers, post, picket
and tiemakers, tools furnished
Chief cook." city' 7.7.7.". . .'".".'.".'.".'..".'. . .$30 to $60
Baker, restaurant •.. ;..$4J
Cook. 3 men, ranch, $15.-.;
MURRAY & READY... 634-C36 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant lSj
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.- ...........
All-round laundryman. Institution. $35; ironeT
and starcher.' country laundry. $50: Ironer.
country hotel. $35: cake bakec country. $50;
6 bellboys, hotels. $10 and $15; uastalrs por-
ter, hotel. $25...
Engineer and machinist ( single man) for
hotel plant. $50 and found: distiller and wine
maker. $75: Scandinavian or German 'coach-
man. $30: 2 vegetable gardeners. $26 and $30;
buttermaker and milker. $35. C. R. HAJs'-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. V
A— WANTED
2 ' scraper teamsters, 2 horses, steady Job,
city. $26 and board; Danish or Swedish chore-
man and wife. $40 and found: 3 pruners,
Santa Clara. $26; 2- pruners. Contra Costa,
$26; vineyard hand who can graft, Sonoma,
$26; 2 laborers for foundry, city. $1 75 a day:
molder or molder's helper to make sa*h
welfehts; cook for restaurant. $12 a week:
pastry cook. city. $10 a week; 2 baker's help-
ers, country shops, $30 and $20 and found:
boy for butcher shop, $15 to $20 and board;
hostler, livery stable. $30 and found: waiter
boy. hotel, city. $15 and found: experienced
redwood tie and post makers. W. D. EWER
- & CO.. 610 Clay st. ¦ *
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. US meets
TO-NIGHT. 32 O'Farrell St., 8:45 sharp;. im-
portant business; $1 fine for non-attendance.
¦¦• - I. LESS. Secretary-
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
THREE good husky men for. fertilizing com-
pany. $25 and board; 4 teamsters, $1 73 to
$2 per day; quarrymen, woodchoppers, tie-
makers. 59 Third st. ; phone Red 31.
BOY IS or up to shine shoes and do Janitor
work In barber shop; good wages- and found;
¦ references. 104S McAllister st. '
FIRST-CLASS harness cleaner who thoroughly
understands city and drive. PETERS' STA-
BLE. 1314 Grove st. r
WANTED— Lunch waiter: hour and a half's
work. Z3c. 741 Brannan st. -.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 3 Jackson at.
GOOD coatmaker wanted. Apply 2137 Powell
etreet.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; non-union. 316
Gough st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. 411!4 Kear-
. ny st., first floor, room 2.
2 PAPER-HANGERS for ingrain: must be
flrftt-class mechanics. HOLMES, 1137 Folsom.
YOUNG man* to wait at table; small place;
wages $20 to $25 and found. 700 Mission st.
DISHWASHER and porter. 212 O'Farrell st.
MAN to make himself generally useful about
a hotel; also a dishwasher. 781 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good, steady barber; wages $12.
393 Hayes st,
WANTED— Lunch waiter at northeast corner
of Howard and Bealests.
MAN to wash dishes and make- himself gen-
erally useful. % Olympic Cafe. 44 Stockton st.
GOOD night waiter. Apply at 10 a. m., 1550
Market st.
GOOD night cook. Apply at 10 a. m.. 1350
Market St. • . ..
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point . Lobos
ave.; Geary-st. cars; $10 month and .found.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 living rooms; -rent
$10. 1612% Folsom st.,' near Twelfth. ,
WANTED- Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
8. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and •": not
leci than h feet 4 inches and not over 3 feet
1 Inch In height: able to read, writ* and
cpeak English. . For ' further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. ¦ Cal. - ' ¦
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced -buyer
and salesman In furniture and carpets; atate
references, where last 'employed, salary ex-
pected and age: applications will not be con-
: sidefed which do not contain this Information
Address R. F. B.. box 1637, Call.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
" the' barber trade In two months, saving two
years: mailed free; we have no 5c shop in
connection with our college. Moler*s Barber
College. 635 Clay et. - -
ONE . decorator, call Sunday Ha. m.; 1 wood
turner. 2 cabinet makers, 1 stair builder;
non-union: no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau. 410 Kearny St. .
BRIGHT men 1 of good : addreas; money ad-
vanced to right party.". Call between 8 and
9; a. m. at 202 Post, st.
WANTED— A^' gentleman to Interview selected
¦ Individuals with a view to securing their In-
terest- In Japanese t>rt; artists- with leisure
preferred. 5 Market st., room 5. ' -
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics t£ know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. • 217 Third- St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. .
FIRST-CLASS downtown barber shop running
several chairs; - bargain. D. STOLTZ, -63S
i Market et.
WAMTEIVlff good "teamsters. Apply" to J.
O'SHEA,'. Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
SHOEMAKER stand to let. K0 ' Sacramento
,-• st.vnear ¦ Kearny. . . • i • . .
IMMEDIATELY; three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call 59 Columbian building, city.
BARBF-RS; -good paying 3-ehalr. shop; price
$150;-trlal given. Apply 322 Fourth st. '
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and. vests. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. f.4t Market st:
GET your shoes halt-soled while waiting; 25c
to-oOc. 562 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d st«.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C<>2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, blacksmith, seamen &. green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, '26 Steuart.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. ..741A Howard.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 1 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston. House. .920 Howard: st. ;-.•;.
PENSIONS— J.'.H. Shepard & Co.; old reliable
firm.* S06 Market, room 40. Phelan building. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms.' 25c night; reading-rooms; free
' 'bus and bag<ag« to and from" ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office.- 1200 Filmora it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions 'has been established at 10M
Valencia st. • ' ' _^ ¦_ •
. " ~" ' HORSES " AND WAGOXS. •.'•-. ~
40 - HORSES - for - sale; - also wagons, buggies,
i rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Hone Market..'
827 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
•:• SULLIVAN i & DOYLE. Auctioneers., ...,.-.^
FOR Sale— At ; ECLIPSE STABLE., 1373 Eddy
j St.," 3 rond horses; 1 road team." 1 bay carriage '
•horF?, 17 hands; al«j wason and business
; horses. " ~ ¦ ¦
S. F: VETERINARY College will commence Its
Id session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
.""•: M. , L. - Pancoast. : sec', ' 510 Golden'. Gat* . ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-tlred road 'buggy.'. DR. L.
, ' KRAKER. -veterinary : dentist, - 184 -.. Golden
; Gate ave.,- corner .Leavenworth' 1 st. ''»..*•
STYLISH' driving /horso and cart; lady can
vdrlve. MM Mason «t. . / '.-.-¦,. -.,
SECOND-HAND physicians", rubber-ttre buggy
¦ and - adjustable seat • trap. : O'BRIEN'S, £60
- Golden Gate -ave.- ¦'--; ¦ .~~- .. *"..-r.;;
A— 100 '. SETS, second-hand . harness; wagons,
¦ carts, buggies. ' surreys. . horses. ?; 1140 Folsom.
AN 'A' No.; 1 : express wagon, single, also light
• camping wagon, for tale cheap. £32 Mission..
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS 'OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, correr of Market and Third streets; open
crtil :2 o'clock evrry night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-*:? Montgomery street,
corner Oay; open until J:30 p. m.
J.P8 Hayes street; open until »:33 p. m. "
CCJ .McAlMrter t-treet: open until »:!0 p. m.
til Lark!a street: open until »:J0 p. m.
1»41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
I2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cr.ttl * p. m. •IV
1C6 Eleventh rtreet; open until » p. ra.
J^M Valencia street: open cnt'.l ? p. m.
Northwest correr Twenty-second and Ken-
?Tir-lcv w*T'**t*; «— »rt Tin?!! ' •». VfV.
MEKTIXG* XOTICJES,
GOLDEN GATE Commandrry No. IS. *^
K. T.. Go:<1en Gate bui'.dirit. 6;r. Sut r Gag*
ter *t.— Stated assembly THIS Kjl
EVENING at 8 o'cl'-ck. The Or- y£
<]*r Cf the Temple will be confer-
red. All frat»rs are courteously Invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chanter Nn. I. Royal _»\_
Arch Ma^ns. mepts THIS EVENING.
Hus'.ness. degrees S and 6^ '
OCCIDENTAL Ix-dge No. 22. F. and A. »
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at JV
7;S'j o'clock. Second degree. By or-wjf
der of the W. M. • * "^ '
: WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodre No. 127. F. and A. a~~
M. -Celled meeting THIS DAY <MOX- *»
DAY). Februan :S, lMl. at 7:*0 XjA
o'clock p. m. Degree 2. By order /V>
of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodre No. ?C0. F, •"" \
«nd A. J.I.. Franklin Ha!!. Faimore. j
between r?u«h «n.1 ='Jtter. First <i»-^!*zf ¦
tree THIS EVENING, at 7:30. /^r > !
HARRY DAEHR. Secretary. i
THE ar.nual meeting of the Woman's Ex- ;
<-h»nte •rlU te held at the OtcHental Hotel i
TUESDAY. February U. at 10:M a. m.
NOTICK of stockholders' meetlnr— A special j
meeting of «:-• stockholders of the Honolulu |
Purar Conpary is callefi frr and Til! be j
at the off ce of the company. No. M7
M«»Vet *t. Fan Francisco. Cal.. rn MON- '
DAY. February 1*. 1JOL at 11M o'clock a. !
m.. for the p-jrp<>«e of ccns'.derinif a propo-
*)tlcn to dissolve the corporation and to c-»n- :
*!der such other business as may come be- |
tcre the meeting. By order if the President. '
E. H. FHELDON.
Peeretarv Honolulu Furar Compsnr.
T>etrd Fan FVandsco. February. 2. lSOl.. * i
AVM'AI. Meeting- -The regular annual m»et- 1
ir.g of th» stockholders of the Honolulu j
Plantation Ccmpsry will b» h«W at the cf- !
tr+ of th« company. r?7 Market St.. P»in '•¦
Frsr.«-lsco. ral.. on STROKES DAT: Febmary :
rr. IMl. at the hri:r rf 11 o'clock a. m.. for :
the purpose of el»..-tir.f a hoard of directors ¦
to.sene for the ensiune year, and thf- trans- '¦
nction rf su< h oth?r businrss us tnav com? '
t*fcre th» m<*linr Transfer books will c!c»» i
T. Fattirdr.y. F^bn.-ary 16. I!«>1. at 12 !
n'<-l"'-k m. F". H -ts-H^LrM^N. S*cr»t^r»--
ATTOKNEVG AT LAW.
ADVICE fre*: divorce law a specialty; private;
M ff*~ without »u»-c*«s; collections. G. • \V. ,
HOWE. «tty at law. K*0 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. MrK NIGHT, rellecticr.s; damapes: es-
tates: niininc: open even. :,92 Parrott bi.1|t. ;
KRANK V.'. SMITH, ininlr:* ird probate law* I
«r»ci«lty. Mills bir.. r. 3. 4th fir. ; tel. Hed r^STS. j
»Py|Cg tree: no charre unless iuif i uTnl W. i
W. DAVIDSON. ?r Market St.. opp. Mason. !
L. -P. CLARK. Kmma PpreckeN bide.. KTMar-'j
' ' * * " ° * f ** * ' a nee. (
I
AGCXTS WAXTBD.
THE Rio Michol Rubber Company of San j
Frar.clsco. fTal . »-ant# Intelligent men to act .
as Us epents throughout the Tnlted Ftate*; I
r;'j?t be men or char*.-?er. address and push. '
The company owrs i*ige pn:p<?riles. is out of !
debt and in a thnr^uchly sound and flourish- ¦
m\r+*4y rlxnted to rubber and has a large ¦
force cf men constantly at work. It offers j
fir m> a limited nuRiber of interest bearing :
ar.<) instsliment certificates. A comparatively j
small amount tnvestel now will produce large ;
and Fteadtly !ncrea»i;-i^ ineome in near future. \
The cf*rj>orat i oti Invites closest investtjrstlon. ¦'
Apents and ipter»ste<l pentons apply Rio Ml- '
chol Rubber Co.. r. 63-6:.. Crocker bldg.. S. F. :
"OlEEN Victorias Life and Reign." com'- :
rlete; fully illustrated; agents save ilm* and ;
freight : «<-nfl up ten 2-cent stamps for ou'-Ht. I
J. DEWIN'J C»).. San Francisco.
GoriD solic!:o!«: male si- female: excellent op- ;
r-ortur.ity for right parties; salary and com-
inlWlUII. 47 Post St.. room 5.
WANTED — Oood countrj- solicitors. Monterey j
Ontral on Co . room 4'-S. Examiner building. |
AGENT in every town fcr "Life of Queen W- !
tor'.n. " Cal. Pub. Co.. g27 Market, r. 70S. S. F. j
AQEKT. lady. lar>;e Irromf. as county repre- ] .
tentative of local manufacturer. 161S. Ca.JI. |
1
ASPHALTIM. HOOFING.
J.' PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-!
T*lred: TKWtal. list Mission: tel. Fol-mm 1637. i
BICYCLES — For Sale or Eichtnie. j
AI.LEN has Just received l?01 Columbia bi-
cycles. SCI Larkln St. and li*6 to 1974 '
J*«ee st. . j
nOARDI.\G FOR CHILUREX.
RESPECTABLE Germ.n lady wishes TIi~boird !
a, rhlM not under 1 >ear old: references lur- t
n« t -"f1 r?' N»if>-^a y. : ritir inn b*ll. !
BISl.VESS CIIA.\C12S.
. j
A-ITCO; HALF-INTERES-FTrrflm-cTa^pTy^ i
ins re-^taurant: dally rereipts about $60; rent j
»7S: retiring: paj-tner to leave for Ea.at: a bar- i
._ *»»«-. Call R. G. .WILKE. 2t'i Kearny st.* i
A-Sir^: CORNER grocerj" and bar: choicest'
part Western Add.: clean store, fresh stock;!
B»od pBj-lr.g business; r»>nt $32. Inquire R. G. ',
-yniXE. StH K«-arr.y st. ,
A-$7r/>; SALOON, Z doors west of Montgom- !
'fV.ft.; 3 living rooms; rent $13; folly re- i
ceipts from tlS to J!S; a gocl paying and
clean place. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26U Kearny.
A— HOTEL about ?0 miles from citv. 35 rooms !
d:r.!ng-room. kitchen, gas plant. Hvery stable I
*lc; price IW; cajth J2W0; balance on mort- !
gste; rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE 2CU '¦
Krarry st. ' j
A— JKOO; SALKPROOM of bngeies. FUrreyn.
Chftetons. etc., retv and second-hand; place
established 8 year*:, clearing about $«90 per
raor.th; actt'Rl value about JIOOCi; lnvesti-
gate. R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny st-
>— 1700; HALF Interest in one of the best *»- i
loins on water front; party must b« honest '
nnd porvl busines rnan. CallR. G. WILKB. !
K4 Kearny rt. i
A-^-GKNERAL merchandise store; about 80 !
miles from S. F. ; estab. many years antl do-
Ing a f.Tft -class paying business: price S4Oj0; ;
a very rare chance and fu!le»t Investigation
_Mi»c1ird. Call R. G. WILKE. K'4 Kearny. |
A— J27Sn : SAIX5ON. few doors south Df Market
Ft.; place kept by owner 12 years »n!l Is do-
Jnc a. good business; sicknes only cause of
sale; net rent JS5. . Inquire R. O. WILKE,
£C'i Kearny rt.
A-^iQ; CORNER butcher shop in northern
part of city: rent S20; horse, cart: selling 4
cattJp and about IS eheep per week; a cash
custom. Call It. G. Wllire. 26V, Kearny »t.
A-J12M; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
close to Union Iron Works; rent $60: 4 years'
l«»se; a first-class paring business: owner
' tigate and tnake offer. R. G. WIL«!e. 26'4
Kearny at. • • .
A -JITS; BRANCH bakery and variety store: S
rt>"a-.s: cheap rent; bargain. McLAUGTILIN.
.7T7H Market rt.
A-IJ.W; MILLINERY storey 3 furr.ished rooms-
good place. MCLAUGHLIN'. 777% Market «t.
A— R0©; RESTAURANT; good plac« for man
and »-lfe. McLAfGnUN. T77U Marrket St.
A-«5n; DELICATESSEN etore; cood place
Mclaughlin, r.7^ Market *t.
PARTNER wanted !n '• large, old-established
ptcCtable business, ccntrolllng a sood. safe.
rolta and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to tell
en 'lnteren to an acceptable tarty; dutto*
will be the .keeping of accounts and aislst-
ing -generally tn the management of the busl-
eees; one accustomed to horses preferred:
, rapltal required SSCOO to $10,000; full value* In
•tgbt; bcoka and butineas open for lnvestlga-
ticn. J. W. Donnelly & Co.. G2 Market st
CAPITAL procured for all legitimate enter-
. prises; stock companies Incorporated In any
State; partnerships and loans negotiated:
business places of all kinds bought, cold and
••si-hanged by HERBERT & CO.. room 710.
Emma, .Spreckels building. S27 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent i
room« l and 2. No. 71S Market, near Call bids. I
A barber shop; creat bargain ; owner ekk |
Hotel in city; trial Riven ..JUOO
Restaurant In wholesale district, a bargain.
Fruit store, vegetables, poultry; rent $10.. $100
AN unprecedented sacrifice: 75-room brick hotel
and furniture; doin» immense first-class ($2
a day) burners; cost and worth &0.000; of-
fered fcr HC.ZUO; has rented for $430; now
run by owner.
N. P. SICKELF. the Land Agent. S Geary st-
MONEY saved to buyers; fine openings In gro-
cerles, s&loons. cigar stores, hotels and otlKr
businecset-; investigate.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD
Pho&e Mint 191L 817. Market, bet. 5th & «th.
FINE-RUNNINO I*t-c!«fi3 restaurant; patron-
age, of several near-by. hotels: receipts' $85
daily: capacity 150 chairs; wlU sell at rea-
Bonable price. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market.TO SAH<. .
HOTEL ARRIVAIiS.
. PALACE HOTEL.
W H Brennan. N Y
FE Doollttle. N Y
Mrs C A Brant. Chgo
F O Hull & w, S Lake
F C China. Sacto
J J Mack & w. Bksfild
O E Hart. Texas
S Loeb, San Jose .
J Franklin. Rossland
J de Collyer, Beston
F Sehriedt. Ohio
B J Ballert, Ohio
W S Badger, Bkrsflld
C K Knecht. Stanford
W W Bowers, S Diego
H A Strauss. N Y
B Heyman. X Y -
Miss Bryan, Colorado
T Clark, Spokane
Mrs Clark. Spkoane
G W Bernbanne & w.
New -York
O W Beck, Pa
F Phillips. Lob Ang
T H Dunston, Los Ang
0 T Gosling. Phlla
L Tannenbaum. N Y
J Franklin. NY
Mr & Mrs Smith, Cost
B Lederer, Providence
S w Roberts. Chgo
C B W Dewers. L Ang
C A Pague. Cal
S Pratt. ' Columbus
F K N Jorur. Cal ~-
H B Fairbanks. Cal
A S Pratt. Boston
H Flelschmann, Guate
mala
Mrs B Norton, Cal
Mrs C B Knapp, Cal
G Aubert. fam, ch &
maid, Paris \ '
0 V Thomas, Paris .
Mm M J Simpson, NY
Miss E Simpson, N Y
G H Heglese. N Y
Mrs H Heglese, N T
A G Kavanagh. Cal
Mrs • Howard. Chicago
J Peabody, Chicago-
J Wright & w, S Jose
K II Laume, L Ang
W II Axtater. L Ang
C J Davis. ' Salt Lake
C Staples & w, Kansas
S Stattman & w,,N Y
W Collins. L Ang
A Whldray & w, N Y
AS Rlley. NY- -i
J, F Davis, Jackson
A MacKelgan. L Ang
1 Jacobs, NY
E Buckingham Sc vr, i
Manila ' ..'
E Gresso & w. Fruitvl
G I^aury, Stanford
W J Rlley, Palo Alto
Raymond -Whitcomb
Excursion—
A B Collier & w
A G-Smalley & w
J C Morse & w
Miss F A Roop
Miss E L. Roop
C L. Raweon & -w
Miss H fi Kames
Miss H S Harris
MIes if-c Harris
jllss A G Ward
|G Williams & w
W W O#ter & w
C F Shirme & w
Mrs F A Shlrme
W E Martin
G S Taylor '
T C Green & w
P F Potts & w
Clarence Shook
|C B Hoffman
E Ten Brock & w ,
Hon E W Chapln &. w
Miss Alice Chapln
Miss C M Chapin
G P Glpson
MIss.L Glpson
Miss A D Glpson
Mm W Lokerby
F S Perey
Mrs F Perey ¦•?•>!'
J D Saunters & w '-.-' '': v
Miss C B Binner : •';
Miss - S C Ashworth
H W Benra
E D Parsons
Miss B L LovelL
T James & '¦ w
C James & child
Miss Gertrude James
D H Fallet & w..t ..¦¦;--,
Mrs H C Potter
Miss Potter
J H Rhodes, w & m
Miss I Benjiman
MUs M Halstead
Mls3 E Kennedy
F P Slimmer *i
MrsE Hall
T D Platt, Dayton
F Rosing & w, .Victor
J'W Wilson, Sacto
T Irma, - Japan x ¦ ¦
C Bhermock, NT- '
J M-D Scott, NT
T Fuaeet * w. Mich
Mrs Grossman, Wash
C Tackln. Wash . '
C Schumacher, Denver
iW, F Backus, Seattl*
'A4W Engle, Seattle
GRAND HOTEL. Xi^'^Wi
Mrs J B Cain & Son.
-Gal - . ' ,
A Rlngler. Chicago
W"A Pennington. Bute
C J Spalen, Iowa
F J Hill & w, S Lake
C A Thorpe. Nebraska
J F Raymond. L Ang
A M Smith. Mlnnplls
Miss E Blberg. Mlnnpl
J P Diggs. Woodland :
Dr A L Tlbbltts. Cal
G Weir. Petaluma
J O Houser & w. Cal
L. E Aubury, Sacto I
F J Zeehandleer, L An
R C Stevens. Seattle
W J Bowser & w, Van
couver N&asSji?*
J R .Williams, Cal
Miss M Nason. L Ang
K FKelley. Seattle
J C Bowser, .' Kingston
•*-XV_Veatch, Chgo
R C Reorder." Cal
H.W Frank, L Ang
R Anker. S Bernardino
G J Ketchum, N T :
WH Murphy. NY.
J ' T> Dexter. . S Diego
M F Bachus. ¦ Seattle
Mrs Sowerby, Milton
L F Slnsheimer. Cal
L E W Ploda. S Cruz
M A Hudson;; Cal
J F Goodwin,- Cal :
C A Phillips, Sacto
Q T Parr, Portland
F W Boomer, Auburn
W C Conroy. Auburn
Mrs J Gerrano, - Ply
mouth ' -
Mrs I M Gerrano, Ply
mouth ¦;•¦¦ - • .
W Gerrano. Plymouth
J J Rupp. Los Ang . •
A A Bley;- Pasadena '
L Lichtenberger, L An
W.B Safrod, U S N
G C Turner. Stkton
W.H Lumsden, 8 Rosa
F. Cunningham, Cal
A F Smith. Shlngleton
J S Cnambers, Mrysvll
A H Ewert.Ukiah
C H Waliier.L Ang
Dr C E Reed. Petalum
F Cooley, Cal
SS Hurst. ; Portland
H Klmbrough. Sacto
A -¦ J-: Slmmonda & w,
New York
E B King. Stanford
G E Gardner, Oroville <¦
WE Dibble. Wash
S Benjamin & w. Seatl
FA Trefren. Sacto '
J Marcus, Wash
L F Gordon & w, Spo
kane ¦
H B Petersen. Cal
A • FJ Neate, Daivson ¦ i
Miss Bradley. Mrysvlll
Miss A B Keer, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.;:
C Wasson, Iowa
J It ¦ Gier,- Iowa Sv
J C Watson. . Los Ang
J Barry. Chicago
W J Williams & it,
Reno-' '
W Anderson. Eaeto
A Kennedy.-; Cal " ¦•;¦
A . W. Bowman, ; Oaklnd
A ' E Skinner. Chgo ,.
A Mohrmann, Cal
II Blggart, St Louis
P Johnson,
V., Peterson, Chgo
A Johnson, Chgo '
T A Grlswold & vr. II]
F. P Carr. • Nome ; :. ¦*,•
B E i Mastel. Nome
E Lamb. St Louis
W * H p Shenseman A
' fam, St Louis -
W Chinn, Cal.
TF. ; Berry. Cal
I Thompson, • S Cruz
noon at the hall of Team Drivers* Union
No. 228, Mission and Eighth streets. J.
D. Pierce, general organiser of the'Amer
ican Federation of Labor, and Edward
Rosenberg, secretary of the Labor Coun
cil, addressed the strikers and mapped out
for them a line of action In their light for
increased wages. A report from a com
mittee oi barn stewards was read, stat
ing that a majority of the employers were
prepared to accede to the union's de
mands, and most, ofvthe men will report
for work this morningr.
The, new scale, of; wages provides J2 25
per day for two-horse teams and J2 50 per
day for brick and four-horse teams with
hours from 6:30 a. m. to 5:30 p.m.
The members of the union were In
structed to leave the barns to-morrow
morning on. the assurance from the em
ployers that this scale would be recog
nized, and If not to report at headquar
ters before 9 o'clock for Instructions.
STHIKING TEAMSTERS
WILL REPORT FOR WORK
Barn Stewards Announce Agreement
With Majority of Bosses on
Scale of Wages.
A largely attended meeting of the strik
ing teamsters v.as held yesterday after-
FORECAST....
A' small area of low pressure has moved
southward between the Rocky and Sierra
Nevada Mountains and is central this evening
over Southeastern California and Southern
Nevada. This movement has caused- cloudy
weather and fhowora over the Pacific slope
north of the Tehachapi and enow in the Rocky
Mountain r<?Klon.
The temperature has fallen generally ovp r
the country west of the Rocky Mountains ex
cept in Southern Arizona, where there has been
a slight rise.
Conditions are favorable for continued cloudy
and showery weather in California Monday
with snow in the mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours cull'itf midnight February 18:
Northern Callfomla-Cloudy with showers
Monday; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California—Cloudy with showers
Monday; cooler in north portion; southerly
chanBlng to narthwesterly wind.
Nevada-Cloudy with rain or snow Monday.
Utah— Snow Monday.
Arizona— Rain in snuth portion, mow in north
portion Monday; colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy with
showers Monday: fresh northwesterly wind.
G, II. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
San Francisco- data: Maximum temperature,
55; minimum, 4?; mean, 82.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
(l!Oth Meridian-Pacific TIrae.)
.' SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 17-6 p. m. .
The following are the .seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In Ia6t twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early • morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence' as to time of
day. the third time column gives. the last tide
of the day, except when -there. ar« but threo
tkles. as. sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (—) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from tho depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low -waters.
MONDAY, . FEBRUARY 18.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 17— Br shlD Ilala,
from LlveriKKJl.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Feb 16-Jap
Btmr Honsrkons Marue, hence Jan 24.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Feb IS— Nor
stmr Norman Isles, from Portland.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAILED.
- - * ' • Sunday, February 17.
Stmr Mattswan, Croscup, Tacoma. •
Stmr Santa Rosa. Gielaw. Pan Diego.
. Stint- G W Elder, Randall, ' Astoria " '
•Btrni Santa Cruz, Outhrle, Southern Coast.
Br fitmr' Victoria, Blakey, Cheroalnus.
Bark XV B Flint. Johnson, 1 Honolulu.
Schr Sacramento, Nelson. Siuslaw.
• Sehr L.lzzle Prlen. Stangetand. .
ifohr Alice Cooke,- PenU«noxv. Port Oamble.
Schr Wing and Wlnsr, Hensen. Siuslaw River.
Schr Occidental, Rosich. Columbia River.
Pehr Fanny Dut.ird. ' RudbaCh. Port Blakeley.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetsel. Blhlers Point.. -
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 17—10 p. m.-Weather
cloudy, wind northwest; velocity It miles.
: DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS AKGELES— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr
San Matno.' from Nanalmo. . Sailed— Br etmr
Alftoa. for Nanalmo.
EUREKA-Arrlved Feb 17-Schr Bertha,
hence Feb 9; Schr J G Wall, hence Feb 7.
Sailed — Stmrs Eureka, W'H Krugrsr and South
Coast, for San Francisco; schr Helen N Kim
ball, for Kilo. ;--V
Arrived Feb 17— Stair Nome City, hence
Feb IS. • .¦ ¦
PORT TOWKSEKD- Arrived Feb 17-Schr
BanRor. hence Feb. 7. ¦' 1 - '
NEAH BAY— Passed in Feb 17— Nor stmr
Titan!* and stmr Centennial, hence Feb 14.
Passed . out— Ship Eclipse and bark Levl O
Burgess, for San Francisco; stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco, i •
. SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 17— Ger shio Ed
mund, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 17— Ger ship Peter
Rlckmers, from Hongkong; Br ship Ben Dearg,
from Santa Rosalia. Sailed— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBL.E— Arrived Feb 17— Schr E K
Wood, from Port Blafceley;
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 17— Schr
Marie E Smith, from IIllo; bktn Quickstep,
fmm Honolulu. '¦ •
KAST SAN' PEDRO— Sailed 'Feb 17— Barge
Santa Paula, in tow of tug Rescue, for San
Francisco- • . ¦ " ' .--
Sunday. February 17.
Ktmr Glrsy, Leland, 14 hours from Moss
Landing. . - - . . ,
Stmr Homfr, Donaldson, 42 hours from San
Pedro:
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel. 15 hours from Fort
Brass:.
Stmr Samoa. Hlrslns, 15 hoars from Caspar*-
Stmr Qu*en, Thomas, 44 hours -from San
Dlr;ro.
Clill stmr Palena, Moon, 3S days from Valpa
raiso, via Panama 19 days, via Mazatlan 4
day* & hours".
Ht'.k Consuelo, Pace. 21 days from Mahu
kona. .
Schr Ocean Spray,- Olsen, - 4 days from Iver
eens Landing. - ¦ ';
Schr Rio Hey, Sklpp«r, 8« hours from Men
doclno.. '. i . , .¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦,/¦¦
SJehr Archie and' Fontle,' 'Hunin^.' 36 hours
from. Stewarts ' Point. . "- ,'-'
6chr "Mary. C. Campbell,' 8 hours from Bo
deffa.
Shipping Merchants.
ARRIVED.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS ' OF THE OCEAN.
Ever since then there has been trouble,
and the whole matter culminated Satur
day in the resignation of Chief Engineer
French. Flrpt Assistant Engineer ¦ James
and Second Assistant Engineer Gibson.
Ever since the Warren made port there
has been a wordy warfare going on be
tween the engineers' department and the
supervising engineer. The vessel arrived
.here in a disabled, condition, and the
"buck" was passed up to Chief Engineer
French. He declined the present and
pointed to his reports of six mon.ths asro
in refutation. In them he showed that
the boilers and furnaces required over
hauling, that a new-smokestack was an
absolute necessity and that many other
minor jobs required attending to. No no
tico was taken of the note, and the "War
ren was pent to sea to be gone two
months. She was gone six months, and
when anchor was dropped oft the quaran
tine station there was not a furnace left
to fire on. The transport had to be towed
to her dock, and the smokestack was
taken out in a hurry.
cause of Criticism.
Engineers on Transport Resign Be
TROUBLE ON THE WARREN.
The Palena is of 3397 gross tons burden,
8*50 feet long, 42 feet beam and 24 feet deep.
She Is fitted out luxuriously and Is a
flfteen-knot boat. ¦ .
The Palena is about five years old and
is a fine specimen of the modern steam
ship. Captain J. C. Moon Is conlldent
that she will remain In the California
service, and In. consequence brought his
three children up with him to be edu
cated here. Mrs. Moon will remain in San
Francisco to look after the youngsters.
Besides these the Palena brought up
twenty cabin and eight steerage passen
gers.
The Cornpanla Sud Americana de Va
pores* steamship »Palena arrived from
South and Central American .ports yes
terday. She Is the ; first of this company^
•fleet to : visit California/ and- is -running
in : conjunction with 'the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company's : fleet. Both these
companies are in the fight to stay, and
it will not be their fault If the.: entire
trade of Central and South America does
not soon center in San Francisco." Both
companies are putting modern steamships
on the route, and all of them have Splen
did passenger accommodations. For In
stance, the Palena has ample room in her
cabins for lou passengers and can accom
modate about 10!J0 in the steerage. She
will be discharged here as quickly as
possible and will' sail "for Valparaiso on
time. ; • ¦
In Connection With Pacific Steam
Navigation Company It Expects
to Control the Coast
Business.
Cbmpania Sud Americana .de
Vapores Makes Bid
1\)L ' X FSU6.
PALENA REACHES
SAN FRANCISCO
United States .Coasts antt - Geodetic . Bur\ f ey—
Times, and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
- Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high 'and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street v.'harf) about twenty
five minutes • later than at Fort ' Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, -Z£obn and Tide.
THE SAN FItAyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1901.
9
reamer.
Tom.
Due.
Feb. IS
Feb. 18
Feb. IS
Feb. lg
Feb. IS
Feb. IS
Feb. IS
Feb. JS
Feb. 13
Feb. 19
Fob. 19
Feb. 19
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
Feb. 19
Feb. 19
Feb. 20
Feb. 20
Feb. 20
Fob. 20
FeK 20
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 24
Mandalay .?.... Coqullle River ........
Fulton..::...... GrayB Harbor ..
Coos Bay Newport ,'
Bergenhus ;. China via San Diego..
Arcata Coon Bay
Eureka../ Humbofdt ."
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma...
Telluii... Oyster Harbor
City Rio Jan... China and Japan ....'.'.'.
Columbia ... Portland ajid Astoria
»Robt. Dollar... Srattle; ...'.... 'i
Rainier......... Seattle & Is*. WhatconV
Federlca:. Nanaimo
Mackinaw...... Beanie ................. '
Argo. . a .1 Coquille River .'.'/,
Totmes......... I Hamburg & Way Ports
•Willamette..... Seattle
Nome City HumboWt ....; .'"
Pomona ..; Humboldt t. ',[[]
Matiposa Honolulu ))"
Corona.........*. Newport ........i... •"•""
State of Cal...; PuRet, Sound Ports..*"
Point Arena Point Arena
Santa Rosa;.... Son Diego
Crcecent City.. Crescent City "
Washtenaw.... Taooma
Newburg... Grays Harbor .....;•.'*""
Colon.. , Panama & Way Ports'
Uorth Fork. . . .>Kumboldt „
Steamer.
-Destination.
Lls.
Pier.
Alliance......
Pomona. '.
North Fork.'..'
Mandalay.....
City of Pera..'
¦ : ¦ ¦ - i
RoaroUe......
Nippon Maru.
Bontta.r;;.T;.'
Fulton
Arcata.......".
San Pedro....
Eureka ... I
Umatllla......'
Queen..; i
Argo....,.....)
Czarina.......
February IS. |
Portland & Coos I b
Humbo'dt ' ..........
JHumboldt .....,;;7.
Coqullle River ....
Panama & WayPts
February 1O.-
Panama.......
China & Japan....
Newport ......;.....
GrayB Harbor ..;.
Cooa - Bay ..........
Humboldt ..........
•February . 2O.v
Humboldt- ...'.. :.'..t
Pujret Sound Ports
San;Dle*o .........
Coqullle River .....
Seattle &:\Tacoma.
i February 31.
! Alaska v Puget Sri
' I February. 22. pi
I Astoria & ; Portland
j Newport ... ..;. .;¦>.;.
I Valparaiso £ . Way
i ' February ¦ 2:i."
Point Arena ...,..|
t am
2 pra
9 am
4 pm
12 m
- ' I
3 pm
1 pm
9 am
S pm
12 m
10 am
S.W.-1
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS:
i ¦
Pier 34
PMSS
Pier II
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier 2
I 9 am
U am
9 am
4 pm
6 pm
i . ¦ ' i
i .
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier %
I - .- ¦
ilumboldt....
2 pm
Pier 2
Columbia.^...
Corcnft... ".....
Palpnt. 1 .......
U am
9 am
12 tn
i •'¦',
Pier 24
Pier 11
S.W. 2
Point Arena..'
I 2pm|
I Pier. 3
"Sun
Sun
Moor
•ises 6 :55
icts 5:51
sets (new)...- : 0:00 p. m.
Date.
.vbkg cmfw hs wfmcdr mfdl lirdlu -wypu
Time Time ITlmel ITimel
Ft. Ft. Ft. (Ft.
L, XV ,. H AV L W| II W '
4:2S 1.8 10:39 6.0 5:061—0.3 11:59 S.4,
5:13 l:t 11:3 5.9 £:48 0.0 ...... .....
H XV L W H W| L W
0:29 5.S 8:03 1.1 12:?j 5.6 «:» 0.3
1:04 5.6 6:56 0.8 1:15 5.4 7:11 0.8
1:41 5.7 7:48 0.6 2:15 5.0 ,'7;55 1.3
3:21 5.S 8:47 0.5 S:23 4.6 8:40 1.9
3:18 5.S . 9:5f 0.4 4:40 4.3 9:35 2.3
18 ...
IS ...
20 ...
21 ...
23 ...
23 ...
24 ..*.
I Last I This I Last
34 Hours) Season. I Season.
STATION'S. 3
34 Hours
i] Season. ! Seasoi
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco.......
Fresno .-.:..- -
Independence
San Luis Oblspo
Loa Angeles
San Diego
0.12
0/6
0.34
P. 07
- 0.06
0.CO
Tracs
o.eo
o.oo
34.16 - 33.41)
13.29 15. U
14.14 13.69
11.77 14.57
9.33 6.15
4.83 2.09
2«.6S 12.50
13.63 4.57
• S.50 ' J. 65
reamer.
Tom.
Due.
Feb. IS
Feb. 18
Feb. IS
Feb. lg
Feb. IS
Feb. IS
Feb. IS
Feb. JS
Feb. 13
Feb. 19
Fob. 19
Feb. 19
Feb. 13
Feb. 13
Feb. 19
Feb. 19
Feb. 20
Feb. 20
Feb. 20
Fob. 20
FeK 20
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 21
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 24
Mandalay .?.... Coqullle River ........
Fulton..::...... GrayB Harbor ..
Coos Bay Newport ,'
Bergenhus ;. China via San Diego..
Arcata Coon Bay
Eureka../ Humbofdt ."
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma...
Telluii... Oyster Harbor
City Rio Jan... China and Japan ....'.'.'.
Columbia ... Portland ajid Astoria
»Robt. Dollar... Srattle; ...'.... 'i
Rainier......... Seattle & Is*. WhatconV
Federlca:. Nanaimo
Mackinaw...... Beanie ................. '
Argo. . a .1 Coquille River .'.'/,
Totmes......... I Hamburg & Way Ports
•Willamette..... Seattle
Nome City HumboWt ....; .'"
Pomona ..; Humboldt t. ',[[]
Matiposa Honolulu ))"
Corona.........*. Newport ........i... •"•""
State of Cal...; PuRet, Sound Ports..*"
Point Arena Point Arena
Santa Rosa;.... Son Diego
Crcecent City.. Crescent City "
Washtenaw.... Taooma
Newburg... Grays Harbor .....;•.'*""
Colon.. , Panama & Way Ports'
Uorth Fork. . . .>Kumboldt „
Steamer.
-Destination.
Lls.
Pier.
Alliance......
Pomona. '.
North Fork.'..'
Mandalay.....
City of Pera..'
¦ : ¦ ¦ - i
RoaroUe......
Nippon Maru.
Bontta.r;;.T;.'
Fulton
Arcata.......".
San Pedro....
Eureka ... I
Umatllla......'
Queen..; i
Argo....,.....)
Czarina.......
February IS. |
Portland & Coos I b
Humbo'dt ' ..........
JHumboldt .....,;;7.
Coqullle River ....
Panama & WayPts
February 1O.-
Panama.......
China & Japan....
Newport ......;.....
GrayB Harbor ..;.
Cooa - Bay ..........
Humboldt ..........
•February . 2O.v
Humboldt- ...'.. :.'..t
Pujret Sound Ports
San;Dle*o .........
Coqullle River .....
Seattle &:\Tacoma.
i February 31.
! Alaska v Puget Sri
' I February. 22. pi
I Astoria & ; Portland
j Newport ... ..;. .;¦>.;.
I Valparaiso £ . Way
i ' February ¦ 2:i."
Point Arena ...,..|
t am
2 pra
9 am
4 pm
12 m
- ' I
3 pm
1 pm
9 am
S pm
12 m
10 am
S.W.-1
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS:
i ¦
Pier 34
PMSS
Pier II
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier 2
I 9 am
U am
9 am
4 pm
6 pm
i . ¦ ' i
i .
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier %
I - .- ¦
ilumboldt....
2 pm
Pier 2
Columbia.^...
Corcnft... ".....
Palpnt. 1 .......
U am
9 am
12 tn
i •'¦',
Pier 24
Pier 11
S.W. 2
Point Arena..'
I 2pm|
I Pier. 3
I Last I This I Last
34 Hours) Season. I Season.
STATION'S. 3
34 Hours
i] Season. ! Seasoi
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco.......
Fresno .-.:..- -
Independence
San Luis Oblspo
Loa Angeles
San Diego
0.12
0/6
0.34
P. 07
- 0.06
0.CO
Tracs
o.eo
o.oo
34.16 - 33.41)
13.29 15. U
14.14 13.69
11.77 14.57
9.33 6.15
4.83 2.09
2«.6S 12.50
13.63 4.57
• S.50 ' J. 65
"Sun
Sun
Moor
•ises 6 :55
icts 5:51
sets (new)...- : 0:00 p. m.
Date.
.vbkg cmfw hs wfmcdr mfdl lirdlu -wypu
Time Time ITlmel ITimel
Ft. Ft. Ft. (Ft.
L, XV ,. H AV L W| II W '
4:2S 1.8 10:39 6.0 5:061—0.3 11:59 S.4,
5:13 l:t 11:3 5.9 £:48 0.0 ...... .....
H XV L W H W| L W
0:29 5.S 8:03 1.1 12:?j 5.6 «:» 0.3
1:04 5.6 6:56 0.8 1:15 5.4 7:11 0.8
1:41 5.7 7:48 0.6 2:15 5.0 ,'7;55 1.3
3:21 5.S 8:47 0.5 S:23 4.6 8:40 1.9
3:18 5.S . 9:5f 0.4 4:40 4.3 9:35 2.3
18 ...
IS ...
20 ...
21 ...
23 ...
23 ...
24 ..*.
\ \ Feast... >
¦ \ Breakfasting, (
. J Dining and C
¦ X Supping your r-
S way across
; tho Continent j
: on the
I J CALIFORNIA \
X LIMITED J
of the Santa Fe _ J
S makes the *" C
.^ Journey a \
\ pleasure and
/ not a trial. V
H0UTKRRM rACiriU COXPAIT.
(riciFic »T-iritM.4
Tratat !*»«• »r««l nri> «iit^ t« nrrli* ••
mam niiMi>tr<».
* (M»!n Line. Foot of ilarUel Street)
tt*T» — »»OV JiKO«EY 1, IM1. ¦— AKXtT*
7 ISO a B*t>Ida. Suisua, Rboirs, VaeaTiUa, .
Kumioy »nd aacTaisenio. ......... 7il5r
":20a DaTiji. Woodland. Knlehti LiadJcj,
.MarjsriHe. OtotIIK. *"" 7i IS .•
T:S»ik Atlantic Kxpren— Ugden and Ka»-. U>IVr
M:V«A Martinez. n.iuit<4in»i>.V>;ieja I 2)»pk
t'»lUtr<t *n.l .S«liw lloaa •«l3r
8:00a Livetaiore, Tricy. Ijthrcp.
Stockton 7iI.»f
l>3*'i SbMU fioresc— D»tU, WIU'j ms (for
Uartlctt Sprlsgs). Willows, Had
lUufl. Ponlsiid. 7jI5»
• iSOa S»ii Juae. LlforiuOTc. Stnekton. Q
lone. Haeraiiieutu. PIscrrTUle,
JUtjttUU. chico, i:<-.U:.u;r 4:l>p
RiSO* 0*1(0*!?, Chinese. Sonora. Carters... 4<ISr
!»:««»» HajwitrUa. Niiu *ud V.'ay Si;:ioiu. II1I.I4
ViUO* Ixm Ancelea Expreai — M*r'.in«r
Traej, lAtlir»i>. Htoektun. Uereed
Freano and Lot Aazeles 7tI3r
O:XO* Valli-j-.. Martinez ami WayStaSlmir OilSr
1 OiOO a The Overland Uniltad— Ojdea, D« a-
tsr, Oniahi. Chieagt *)41f
IIiOUa mien. BtocktOD. Hacrameuto. MaiV
dots. Frc»a<x Ilanfcrd. TlnlU.
rcrtertUlo ««!»#
1 1 iOO» LI»?rmore. Banger. Goaben Jaa»
tlon. B*ken3alil, Ix)» Aojfles •
fJ:O«r SuctAiuento Hirer it»»m«fa f."5iCrt t
3:W0r V*T*»stls. Silt* and Way SUtlim. St l.ir
4i«<»r M.irtlnox. Han lUiuuo. V»;i»ja,
Nairn. v*V'U»i«.. S»»l» l(3»» Oil^a
liUOr r.-nicla, Winters. Hacraiu<mt3k
WotxIUnil, KnlKhti I.sudluf.
Marfstllln, Oroflll* lrt:l»»
4<3UpH»7wardi. Nll«iaiii) 8aoJoac f*>4-\i
StOOp Nile*. Lirernisra. Stocktna LoJi ... 1«>4S«
•SiOOr tSunoet liouted. El r»»o, ITav
Orleanaand Eut elo*13»
0:O«rTtu> O'.rl Uraited— Traev, Fresoo.
n*'«er*E*ia. sanjc-.ie /or 8s:ita ttar-
bara, lio» Ai)'.'-I«i lttl.i*
StOor H»w Orl-aar Eutcm — IUkersflel.1,
Hanto IS<rii»r». l*>» An«rl«*. lhim-
In.-. El 1"»jo. Na» Uilsaua and
Ka«t 7il!»a
«t«o- Hiyn.vil*. Mle»»n(l.i*u Jose *•*»«
t«:0Or Yallaju lli-l»«
«:«tir Orienwl M»ll-Oj!en. Cuejenue.
Omaha. Chicago 13il.Tr
StOOp Oriental Mail— Ogdon, Denier.
O^)a'.i». Chiouin. 4il3p
TiOOr (Itcjdii ami UallfornU KxpreM.Hae-
rnmauto. Murjntillw. UvMInz,
1'urtlaifl. fiteel Hoiim! Hitil Kaxl liili
Hio.-ir San Pablo. r»tt Coata. Uartlaes
' — . »i..5 Way Statinoa Ilt4."i*
IH»O3P VaJUj...... ~**Zr
tOlST DIVISION JXarroit Uaago).
(Fool «f Market StmU
•t 1 3 a NAwark.OntartilIe.4aj .lose. Pel ton.
i:ou!i!>*r Creek. ti etila C«nx and Way
SUtiuua «»««r
t*il 3r Ji«war*. Oeutervllls, 8au JoiA, Nnw
Alin*(len. Fslton, llnnlilor Creek,
, ,«»ut» J'rui and Vrlncipal Way
% sutioiii fii»«ao»
4il.tp yetrsrk. Nan Jom», Loi fii'os >. Si»O*
a*sS9r Hu.i-.ter*' Essnnlon. Saa Joss and
W»ySt»aona ji**Qr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«»Sl» fHUCISCO— TtM »t airiil SUnt(Slljl)—
t7:U »:0O 11:00a.m. 1:00 t:09 ¦:U».m.
From Oakland— Foot ot Broadwmr.— ft ta 1tM
lO-.Cftum. 13:W i:oo t.-ttfem.
COAST niTISIHX (nroa«l i;ari)t B ).
¦>. ¦:. (Third nrd Tow n<ewl Str>
~4«:I*a Oeean Vlo». Sontb aan Ki»ud«a... t«tiU»r
7tO«* 8aii Jo«« and TVar SUUmn (N«w
' ' Alu.iJe:i WeJiieitlajiouly) lil»l>
ti»»* Han Jcie, Trea linof. HaiiU Cm*.
Pacific <!roT». 1'aan Iliililes. 8*11
I.uia Olib|>o, Hnxt. Iomp«o aud
Frlnerpal War BUtloita 4il«r
I Olio* gan Juse and Way HtaMons •<»»
I 1130a Han Jons and Way SUMom S>3«v
f»t*ir San Matra. R-dwoo.1. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Saa ta Clara. Han .loi*
Trea Pino*. 8anta Oirnr, Salinas.
Monterey awl VaedSe drove tl*<**4
fStSOFHaa Joaeaud Way Stations .... 7s3«r
HilSr Pan Joseaud Principal Way Sutlom »' »S »
fSiOOrSan Joie, Los Gatoa and rrindjul
• Way Stations t>»O*s
BtSOp San Jcms and Principal Way Bta«loo» *:3T *
¦lavrBuJoMUid Way Stations.. f»tO« A
«lli43p San Joae awl Way 8tatiuna ' «tSOp
A for Monitor P lor A f UroooaTT"
tflnndayeieepted. XtaadajMk
C Mondays. Wedaesd«ym, Vrldaya.
c Tuesdays. Thandajs. Sondaja.
a £*tnrdas only.
CALIFORNIA NOBTHW-ESTEBN ST. CO.
SAN FBAHGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
Sun Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON' FEnRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS-7:3O. 9:00. 11:CO s. m.; 12:35. S:30.
6:1«. 6:30 p. m. Thnrtdays— Extra trip at 11:*»
p. m. Saturday s— Extra, trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUXDATS— 8:00. 9:31). ll'.CO a, ia.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, «:V> p. m.
San riarxi-l to San Francisco. „
•WEEK DATS— 6:13, 7:W. 9:20. 11:10 a- m.; 12:0.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDATa-S:10. 9:40. 11:10 m. m.; 1:40. 8:49.
5:r3. 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect J ArrlY*
San Franclsca |Xov. 7. 1300. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week'
Days. I days. | Destination, j days. | Day*.
7:30 am S:00amj Xovato. 10:40 am! 8:49 ars
5:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:C3 pm I0:C5 am
t: 10 prn 3:i»pm.Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:C2 pm
Kulton,
7:S0 am Windsor. X0:3S am
Haaidsbuitr.
Lyttcn.
Geyservllle.
S*39 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:22 pra
7:30 ami j Hopland T j
I 8:00 am[ and UKtab. | 7:35 pm! 6:23 pm
7:10 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm ¦ - 6:23 pm
7:30am !:Wara' Sonoma 9:13am S:lOam
i and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm' Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm ('22 pra
I 7:»>am) 8:00 am! 110:40 am|10:S am
3:39 pm[ 5:C0 pm| SebastopoL [ 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
Stares connect at Santa Resa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Spring*: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Sprinara: at
Gcyservllle for Sk.ijrgs Sorinjs: at . Cloverdal«
for the Geysers: at Hopland fcr Duncan
Firings. Hishland Pprlnzs. KelsejviHe- CarU-
I bad Springs, Soda Bay Lakeport and Bartlett
firings: *t Ulclah for Vichy Hprincs. Saratoga
tprtnKS. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
JoLn Day**. Riverside. Llerley's. Bueknsll's,
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
! Mendocino City, Fcrt Branr. w™tport. Csal.
1 Willetta. Laytonville. Cumminira. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olaens, Dyer. Sootla and Eureka. ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
-On Sundays, round-trt© tickets lo all paints
beyond Ssn Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 63> Market at.. Chronicle buUd-
Isk. R X. RYAN.
H. C WHITIVG. Gan. Pa*». Aft.
Pen. Slanager. .
MOUiNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• Via StosiJto Ferry— Foot of Muket St
9-.Ua. M.) * tfirrir niV4 ' *f fcOOr.M.
4:COp. m.) Stayovernlshta:thi?TAVERX (l0::« a.m.
8:COa. m.) f i:W> r. jr.
10:On a. M. f 'e rvn . V q J 3K5O r. M.
1:15 V. »t.) . I i-.iir.it.
Fare. San Fr»aelje<» to Summit *i»d Retom. JI.W.
Ticket Offlces. 6'J1 Market ac. & Sansallto »rrv.
§Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary,
6*20 EEAS57 ST. Established
in 1S3 1 for the treatment of I'rlvatx
QlM-axes. I^xHt MunuiHKl. Debility or
dKcn- wearing nn body and mind and
Skin Discuses. 'Die I>octorcurea wlien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(urr'Ennriinlrrd. Cjll or wrll*
l»r. J. f. UIBBO.il, utii ITraueiaco. Cat _
HEAL ESTATE — CJJV FOn SALE.
GOING ust^Sac* very choice lets, north cf
t::e yark. W.th atl the ftre*t wcrk dons, reedy
for buiifi-r.c. wtth 3 llreii of cable and eiec-
tric cart pa?* rui: Jart the lets for a ccn-
tractcr ar.d ballder ta buy. to build on to
sell arair; tfcey »r* eo cheap, and en the
funr.y tide U the street close In. on Sixth
and Seven' h avenues; nothing for «a!e equal
to this. V'*-_ J - GUXX. KO Callforcla. «U
HAVE you prJpmjr In the Mlsslca and Hor-
ners AtMttlcn that yoa want lo sell, and to
»r.6ke u Quirk eale you are willing to make a
cccressi' >n?-then call en XV. J. GUNN. MO
California n-
A RICHMOND two-stor>' residence to be sold
at poca cr account cf departure from the
Pt*:e. find so a bargain can be obtained; 8
roon-.s acd bath; tile mantels: wired for elec-
trtdty. a x<ell-bui!t hour* in every way: $3S*>;
n number f persons hare offered to rent tho
house. TV J. GUX.V. C30 CaJIfcrnia st.
J3"'V-FOR SALE IN BERKELEY.
A fine hrite and lot. 9 rooms: fine rarden;
T0:5 St«-A-art tst., near Adeline. Ashby
station. F. IIOLTI'M. owner. 517 California
ft.. Jobs r.nesberg Wlr.e Vaults.
CHEAPEFT lets In the Western Addition:
•outhtveft cor. Pine and Lyon «ts. : 7 tots 25
tioo tn<i 25xrr.«: »ir» to tisoo. McGLTNN &
MEXTf'N, rocm 22, Chronicle building.
IF you hr.ve lots to sell north of the Park, thin
rail cr. XV. J. GVNN. M3 California st.
E3 VARA lot to leai>e: Main St.. near Howard
PAVIHSOX A LEIGH. 30 Montgomery st.
FOR «a!e— nouse 8 rocms la Mission; 2 lots.
Ca'l IU Stockton; coed bargain.
FOR '.he best located Ins in Richmend and the
che* p*?t can w W. J. GUNN. 630 California.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A 'TICK -t*P'— Peculiar circumstances causes
owr.er to eaxrrlfle-e: Just think of It. only $60
per a.cr* fcr 300 acres adjclninjr city limit*:
r."-w :n Mff demand and easily salable in
s.tjlJ1 tracts at JI&0 and over per acre* or-
es It Is first -class, hlgrcly colttvated. level
!-«m. all in crop— It' • making of very cheap,
r.-°2tab'.e and lovely borne ranch; take my
sdvice. don't hesitate, but meke $10 000 by
rurrhaslr.s this; easy terms If desired
Remember. I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for eale and ex-
change than all other agents In 8. F.: 3000
ranches on my list: *tate what'e wanted and
pet reliable descriptions of bargains
N. D. PICKELS. the Larifl Agent, t Geary.
>"ARM fcr eale at public auction March J. 1J31—
Half rclle Sonoma; ti acres In orchard and
vineyard: lumiehed house U rooms, J-story;
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farmlx)*
Implements; eale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
CHICKEN ranch for eale: f u u r equipped: city
o-Jtsk'.rt*: frood place for hops: place to rent.
C- Colombian building.
M. GRIFFIN, T19 Market: rms. 1 A J: sells and
exchanges city and country realty; printed
lists ; Sonoma. Santa Clara and other counties.
TTRITE J. W. HORX. «12 Main. Petajuma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate barc»!n».
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. HEAL ESTATE.
fiew-COTTAGE. I rooms. KSW-New house, g
rooms, bath anil ba*ei— ent: 50- ft. lot. tlZM —
¦ Cottage. 4 rromr. J. H. YOTTKG. 1^43 Park st.
SoSCV-NETV house cf S rwnss; M-foot lot; palm
er.d fruit trees. Cottage. 5 rooms. 11650. Cct-
tage. 4 room*. tl?J}. J. H. YOUNa. 1248 Park.
BEArTIFf L mc-3ern oottaffe. 6 rooms; lot 50x
l£0: choir* location; rta*>le. etc.: a sacrifice:
easy tern:s. A. G. BURNS. 15C1 Park St.,
AIarr«-aa.
BERKELF.1' ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CSSI — F^R the finest building elte on Grove «t..
n**»r I*i:lven=lty ave.
tlSOO— £6-foot lot on Bancroft way, east of rail-
road ; a snap.
H3O9-«S-f00t let en \Talnut st. for only $1300;
ftre^t work s'.I dene.
A BARGAIN.
*V>D0— Ixively home in the Scenic Park, tsear
cplltSe, MAT & MORTIMER,
<rcnerly O. G. Ma}' & Co.)
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFF;CE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLWD FIRMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN tatzMMClM to you from H. EcneUhaas. the
ri)rr.ti:r<» des.'er. Jlth and FrarkTin. Oakland.
nOOJII FOR IIOCSEKEEriKG.
ELLIS. iti-Z nicely r^mlshed r^ffiaToThousT-
. keeping.
Gr.nVE. 104— Sannr front room »-lth kitchen
for housekeeping; newly furnished; other
roocut.
HOWARD. 1CC2>«— Two corcplete-ly furnished
housekeeping rms.: running water: range; $S.
HYDE. 4 1 '*— Sunny euite housekeeping rooms;
fit jvr month.
Lir-nilTT. 12?. near Valencia— Five or six
lt:T».i har.der.mely furnished rooms, comrlete
for housekeeping; ga» stove, piano, phone:
quip?, pleasant surroundings ; convenient to
cerf; very desirabie.
UcDERl&OTT rl*ce. 1. off Jones, bet. Eddy
ani Turk— 3 furnished rooms for housekeepc.
MINNA, 2S— Nice sunny furnished front house-
keeping and single rooms very cheap.
MIN'NA. (51— Two sunny rear rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; separate entrance.
MISSION. 9*3 — Front room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
OAK, 21— Sunny corner ssite; gas range and
f.re rrate; one block from Market.
octavia. 1403. corner Geary — Large bay-win-
dow; sun all day; large front room and
kitchen.
SEVENTH. 2C— Large housekeeping rooms;
also other rooms; cheap.
EIXTH. 1JS— gunny rooms for light hous:keep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
4 ECKKT housekeeping rooms, furnished; large
ground?: reason. NE. cor, gutter and Etelner.
ROOMS TO LET— Farm, and Cnfnra.
A— ERUNETTICK House, US Sixth— Rooms 25c
to II per r.ight; Jl 25 to j; per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
AHLBOItN HOTEL. S21 Grant ave.— Best dollar
a dav family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms ; modern conveniences ; rooms 60c
up; f.rst-dats meals 2Sc; free coach.
PTIAXNAN. 40?-. near Third— 3 or 4 rooms; also
suitable for office; rent 115.
BRYANT. €07— $5 monthly; front furnished
rocra in pleasant American family.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 136O— Fur-
r.ished nr.«., suit:*, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. E28 <The Elk)— Changed handt; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
CLEMENTINA, 61— Four largre rooms; cheap
rent. Key at Zt Clementina at.
EDDT, 42P— Partially furnished rocm" also one
large furnished room; rent reasonable.
FDDT. 60S— Double parlor floor; elegaat rooms;
ftttM up to suit; rent Reasonable.
JILLXS, 424 — Large newly furnished sunny
room. %iz; also others, t8.
FILBERT. ei4— A front sunny alcove room;
cIeo gjrgle.
FOURTH. !tt-N>wi 7 fomiehed sunny rooms
rrcm ts cr> to t!3 per month.
FULTON. CS-Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FULTON". C2fi— Front sunny room, suitable for
2 gentlemen, board optional: single rm.; prlv.
GEART.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rrr.5: suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE, 620— Room suitable for one or
t»T c*-rstlerr.er, : seasonable: private family.
GOLDEN GATE. 1206— Sunny. unfurnished par-
kr suite; board cptlonal: also unfurn. hskpg.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and -Mission rts.— Pupny room*, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor: reading-rocm: elevator. ]
HOWARD. CO— A nice single sanny front
room to let ct»eaa. ,
JONES. 511— Newly furnished rocma ror gents
only- |
LARKIN. TCT. nr. Ellis— Newly furnished sunny
front room: rer.t M month: private family.
M ARKET. 1C3, bet. «th and Tth-JCice sunny
furr.i*l;ed room*: grentB preferred: transient.
MCALLISTER. WO, corner Central ave.— Sunny
single rr>orv:c.' $1 per xreek, $4 per raratb.
MINNA, CE7. corner Eighth— Newly. farnlsheJ 1
tay-wirrtow.rocm: fl i»er woek; transient.
MISSION. 1X,H. near 11th— Pleasant. air>- ryom;
1 cr 2 per»ons: low rent; private family.
\'n»V ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furcished rooms, !2 a week up: S3c a «lay ap.
¦- 20 — Bunny furnished rooms nnd
ofgfCT: <--l«vator: e»ec lights; day, wk..- rao.
P.OTAL IIo-i«e. m ElUs-Incand^cent light:
rejuiinK-rfXirn, rmoking-room »nd ladles' par- t
toes rr.om«, r»er nlcr.t. SSc to tl Ui; week. Xt to
«: rr.or.th. SS to ISO: elevator on ground floor;
mnrnm with ho*, and roid water: baths.
T.ORntiALn House. !13-2n Kills Ft5-Ror>m«.
.c'.gfct. S5c f> $1; week. Jl *i to U; open night.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*,. . * , Steamers leave Broadway
H^ wharf, San Franclscor
vBmij^. . . For Alask.in Pcrts— 11 a. m..
j^^S^v Feb. 1». »0. t3. March 2.
s <-'r.anpe to company's steamers
Sw93h-|^c\1i I! " cr Victoria. Vancouver (B
' wS^^SmI c ->- - >ort Townsend. Settle,
t f^MBgJHM Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
¦^Sbb^^S * n< 1 New V.'hateom (Wn«h.) —
a. rn.. Feb 15. 20,- 23. March
2 and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver- to C P. Ry.
For Kureka. HumboMt Bay— 5 p. ra.. Feb. 17.
22. 17. March 4. and every fifth day thereafter-
For San Diego, stopplns only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los -Angeles and Redondo (Los
Angeles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. Sim.:
steamer Santa Rcsa. Sunday*. ? a. ra.
For Santo. Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis ObispoV Oavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Sin Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Lcs Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bnnita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mairdalenn Ticy. Pan Jos« d*l
Cabo. Mazatlan. AltittA. La Paz. Santa Ro?a1lt
and Guayma« (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the ria-ht tr» chantr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
T!CKf.'.T OPVICE-* New Montsomery
street (Palace H^tel).
• GOODALL. PFHtriNB & CO.. Om. Aet«..
:- ;i 10 Market »t.. Fan Francisco.
'• 1 JS'y ,-"'\«'tcd to attend the funeral, this day
(Monaay), at *:20 o-clcck. Irom her.lht* resi-
o>nce, sit - !• remost Eireet.ther.ee to .St.
Hre.nda.ns Church, ¦svlurs a requiem -high
rns?s w-iJI be cslebrated for the repose of her
toul nt 3 oclcck. Interment Holy Crtii
'* Cemetery. ¦ .¦
- Sl^P^T 1 ? y'* c!t^- February 17. 1501. Johanna,
,. bjflovca wife of Jacob Qlneg. and mother of
5. '^corgf, l»errnan, Anncnita anfl the late Jacob
Oir.jnr. and flst-r of Mrs. I". - llensen and
s, Herman ana William Gorken, a native of
Klmshorn. Holftein. Germany. a«d 46 years
- 10 months and 7 days.
," GIRARD— In this city, February 17. 1901. Fran-
• oois Pierre Girard. beloved -father of Ernest
«»Irard an.i the late Mrs. E. -G. Uajus, and
grandfather of Lucicn. Baptiste. Lucte, Ber-
* trand and Marie Ortet, a native of Swltzer-
e land. aced,S4" years and 4 months..
> HALEY— An anniversary solemn requiem hleh
>" "™ 8s . T '-lll he celebrated in St. Rose's Cnurch.
this cay (Monday), at 9 o'clock, for the r<;-
]jo« of the soul of the late Mary Haley,
wife of William Haley. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited > to at-
, tend.
Z H vL^?~ In •"Frultvate. Alameda County. - Cal..
t Mr, m^ ",' Lx:ttle - <5 au 8 h ter of air. and
1 I ?a Marvin S. Hess, a native of New. York.
asM 23 years 4 months and 2 days.
- HCOHES— In this city. February 16. 1301. Ger-
t f h, Mar^ uerlt '- dearly beloved and only
«nrt I , of Patrick and Catherine Hughes.
futt, beloved Bi «*«r of Harrr and Thomas
e mr .n/» ratlve - ot San Francisco, aged 1
- fiinT . ri °« n(! 2 an<1 "Ciualntances are respect-
5 <?f \,h ? ted t0 ntt «- n 3 the. funeral this dav
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the ¦ residence
: &» the Parents. S24 Thirtieth stre-t. between
'W ?- an<1 &anc! i«.' Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
": Jj i^ S ,? X T^ n , 0ok 'an<J. February 17. 1901. !
k tTF nt 'j?' c " L - widow of Ern« Janssen. and
Wovtrt raothcr of lire. A. E. Plrrle. Mrs.
T*rn";f AT* Mrs - H. J. Katsenhach and
: %JL'a to natlv * ot Bremerhaven. Germany.
a^fd * s > p ars S months and *3 days.
„ C7Notice of funeral herf-after.
: n, C^, R S->, R ~ In thls clt >'. February 16.- 1301.
?ir« l/°' k w treet ' « ntw^ into rest, Meulah,
« m , m » lhfr of Adailne J. MacCarsar. a
na "i e »° f New York, aged 67 years.
«-£r 1 *, funeral thIs da >' tMondoy). at 2
o ciock. Interment private.
: a v»t RTH i Y T, In^ lhis city ' February 16. l?01
Maurice J McCarthy, beloved brother of Wil-
If1 m A - McCarthy. Mrs. GcorBe Sattler and
1 Mrs-, John Dineen of Chicago. 111., a native
o. New \crk City, aged 3S y»ars. (Chicago
. 111.. rar*rs please copy.)
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily invitH to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 12:45 o'clock, from the funeral
Parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thenoe to St. Peter's. Church for services.
Interment Hcly Cress. Cemetery.
McNEIL— In this city. February 16. 1D01. Peter,
beloved- htuband of Maria McNeil, father of
cJ"."* W ' F ' Whlte . andsteiifather of D. J.
TO year* nat!ve of Ijlv en>ool. England, aged
MARTIN- In this city. February 15, 1901.
James Henry Martin, beloved husband Of
Marj' Ann Martin, and father of Laura P.
Martin, a native of England, aged 42 years
.^4 months and ? days. •
„ ICTFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
ij i? Ai'i' S. 1 \ °' clock sharp, from Memorial
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, corner Seventh
and Market streets, thehce by funeral car from
corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero street*,
at % o clock. Remains at mortuary chapel
of Golden Oate Undertaking Company. :m
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Mount Olivet petnetery.
MASTICK-In Alamcda. Februar>' IT. WI,
EOwln Baird Mastick. a native Of Geauga
Countj-. Ohio, aged T6 years 10 months and
25 ders.
IcyFuneral and Interment private.
JIITCHELL-In L!v*>rmore. Oal.. Edward F.,
beloved son of Edward H. and Idelle G.
Mitchell, a native of San Francisco. Cal..
csjed 6 years 3 months and 19 dayo.
C^TTriende are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from the mortuary chfippl of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2«25 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first, thence to St.
James Church, corner of Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where services will be »al<t
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by carriage. ' .
MURPHY-In Oakland. February 16. 1901.
Hannah, the beloved wife of E. S. Murphy,
and rWrly beloved sister of Mrs. Mary ilc-
Devltt. E. J. Madl(?an. Mrs. J. H. OSuill-
van. and daughter of the late William and
Catharine Madlgan, n native of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., aged 43 years and 4 months.
MULLIGAN— In this ctty. February 16, 1901.
Peter, b»loved husband of Elizabeth MulH-
pan. a native of County Monaghen. Ireland,
aged M years 2 months and 2 days.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tueprfay). at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1621 Hyde street, thence to St. Drlgld's
Church, where a solemn hish mars will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
re«nc!ng at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy CToes
.Cemetery. _
OKKLL— In this city. February 17. 1901.
Charles H.. dearly beloved husband of Mabel
C. Okell. anri father of Herbert. Hazel.* Har-
old, Hildred and Owlet Okell, a native of
Khodc Ialand, aged 47 years 1 month and 6
days.
» ETNotlee of funeral hereafter. /
RAPP— In this city. February 17. IB01. Mrs.
Lizzie Repn. beloved wife of William A.
P.«pp, 'and daughter of Georpe Zimmerman,
and si«ter of George. Charles. Fred and Mag-
gie Zimmerman and Mrs. Allic F1k«, a na-
tive of £an Francisco, aced 23 years 9 months
and T days. - - - -
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvtted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metikr's parlors. «35 Waehington street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SAMSON— In this city. February IS. 1901,
Adrian T.. beloved son of Anna and the late
John Samson, and brother or Victor. Galusha
and Callstus n. Samson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to cttenrl tV.e funeral this day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from, the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Chui-ch. Tenth street,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
bnued for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BCHNETZ— In this city. February 16. l?4l Jo-
seph Schnetz. beloved husband of Katherln<»
Pchnetz. and father of Joseph and the late
- Olgft E. Schneti, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged 60 years and U daye. A mem-
ber of Keystone Lodce No. 2107. K. of H ,
and Sigel Helm No. 7, U. A. O. D.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances ,ar^ respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late reel-
• dence, 2S Bernlce etreet. between Twelfth and
Thirteenth, Ffjiecm and Harrison, thence to
Druids' Hall. 41S Sutter street, where services
will be held under the auspices of Slgel Helm
No. 7. U. A. O. D. Interment Odd Fellows'
- Cemetery. Pleaee omit flowsrs.
STOREY— In this city. February 17. 1901. Clara
Elizabeth, belovtd wife of James B. Storey,
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.-*!!. Poppe. an^
sister of John, Carl. Christina and Edward
Pow>e. a native of Ran Francisco, Cal.
TABOR— In Alameda, Charles Everett Tabor
Jr.. only and "beloved son of Charles E. and
Dora K. Tabor, a native of California, aged
11 years 2 months and 27 days.
£7 Interment private.
THOMAS— In this city. February 17, 1901. Pru-
dence E. Thomas, beloved mother of Thomaa
Thomas and Mrs. Mary Schofleld, and grand-
mother of Mrs. Annie E. Long, William A.,
Miles B. and Maude Schofleld. a native ol
Wales, aged .95 years and 2 months. .
'¦ CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
HaUted fk Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
. Masonic Cemetery. Pleas* omit flowers.
TOOHEY— In this city. February 17. 1901. Clalr,
daughter of John and th« late Mary Toohey,
a native of San Francisco, aged 11 years and
S menths. - - . .
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG— In . this city. February 16, 1901.
Aymer Thomas, beloved sen of G. P. and
Lvde P. Young, and brother of ElBie, George,
¦Biythe. Earl, Etta and Alva Young, a native
of Philadelphia. Pa., asred 26 years 8 months
and 14 days. (Philadelphia, Pa., papers please
ocpy.) ' - ¦' * *
{CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from' his late resi-
dence, 2912 Sixteenth street, between Mission
nnd Howard-. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
etry.
WALL— In this ctty. February 17. 190l_ Cather-
ine beloved wlfo of Harry B. Wall, and
mother of Harry Wall and the late Edward
and Charlie Wall, and Bister, of Elizabeth
Steward and Edmond Carroll, a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years. -
WOLFF— In this city. February 17.' 1901. Harris
Wolff, beloved father of Isador and William
Wolft-and Mrs. M. Samuels and Mrs. Rosle
Wolff, a native of Poland, aged 84 years and
' 1 month. . . ' . ,;'.'.-.'
WILKINSON— In this city. February II, 1901.
Mrs May L. Wilkinson? beloved wlf e of O
T. Wilkinson, and daughter of Frank T. and
Frances Baldwin..- a native of Augusta. 111.,
aged 28 years IS months and 19 days.
HENRY J. GALL AGH ER CO. ;
. . (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
> DANIEL R.DONOVAH. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
- JO Fifth «t.. opposite Llnooln School. , j
,¦ Telephone South. SO. ; ..•.:¦
James McGinn. . Henry Hansen.
JAMES M'GINN & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMERS
¦ 214 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.-.
I "'¦-¦ Telcphone_Eouth^676.-^^^ [ ¦ •
"*" ' ¦ ;
/ncAVov <fe co. j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMERS. I
1233 Market st., between Sth and 9th.' I
,-...¦; Telephone. South 247. -, |
CREhflATIpNTT^
Odd Fellows' "Cemetery- Assoc T ati6n,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and rsembers of organizations having presiding
offtctrs and secretaries • and their families' i a
120. AH others $33. -Expensive coffins and or-
naments arc. seldom ueed. . A. niche: ln>th« Co-
lumbarlan is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and its care and stone work. Send for
circular. ' •' ¦• ¦ • ,-- • ¦ • •
. GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
THE 0. R. & B. CO.
DIBPATCM FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 «. ni.
riQC 512 First Glass Including Berth
iMnr. S3 Second C!asi and Metis.
COLUMBIA Sails.. Feh. K. M.v. 4
CEO. VT. ELDER Sail* Feb. 17. 27. M«r. f
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spckane, Butte.
Helena and nil r<:lr.t? In the Xorthwest
Tlrough tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Acent,
830 Market St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. rn
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). N*prasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hon«kon* with »teamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
ot sailing.
Eb. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 1901
PS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March 15. 13G1
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesdar. April ». 1*01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelcht and passage apply at company's office,
4!1 Market street, corner First,
¦j W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Ag-nt.
AMERICAN LINE.
KE» T03K. 60CTHAHPT0K. LONDON. PA3I1
Stopping at Cherboiirr. westbound.
From New York Ever*- Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Feb. r^Veir York March 30
VadeNand ....Marrh (IVaderland ...March 27
St. Louis March 131 Ft. Louis April 3
RED STAR LINE;
Now York artel Antwara.
From New York Every 'Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Feb. 2" Kensington ..March 20
Pouthwark ...March 6 Noordland ....March 27
Westernland.. March 13 Frietland April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
- . *u ¦' it) Montgomery street
oceanscs.s.co.ss
FS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
:.... Saturday, February 23, 2 p. m.
PS SIHRRA. for Honolulu, Samoa. New
'Zealand and Australia .'
Wednesday. March 6, at 9 p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday, March 13, 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKLS k BBSS. CO., tasra! .^nit. 327 Ksrtit 3t
B?a'l Pa»M|» €!Sm, 613 MirW St.. fiir la. 7. Pzcifis St
PANAMA R. R. £^
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin, (105: SteeraRe. $40.
S. S. Boianoke oaUs Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, Mtirch. 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 10.
From .wharf, foot of Fremont st., at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market at.
. . F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION 00. AND
COHPANIA SOD AMERICANA DS VAP03E3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
2 Seawall. Sailing;
BS. PALENA February !2. 1801. at 12 m.
SS. COLOMBIA March 7, 1901
SS. TUCAPKL March 20. 1901
ES. AREQUIPA April. 4.1901
These steamers are built expressly fpr Centra]
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Aeapulco or. Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 216 California street.
BALFOCR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
CQHPAQNIE GENERALS TEANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _ J<ftlM(
Sailing -very Thursday, Instead oi <£j/ng%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 43 ~9*5wz?4
North River, foct of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. S35 and upward. Second class to
Havre. S45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 31
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. , J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMEBSw
FORlhS. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
* Ster>-"<"- " M n-»t!ceno. M
MON. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Bat. at *•«
a. m.; 3:15, 8:36 p- nu (ex. Thursday night)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m. s
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
J ier No. i. Telephone Main 1508.
' BAIXWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street j Ferry Depot.
Local LlnVd Ovrl'd Local
Dally.) Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lir. San Fran 7:Wa 9:00 a 3:00 p 4:20 d
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a U:4S a U:06 p 7:» n
" Merced ,. 12:15 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Frcuno .. 2:10 p 2:33 p 1:05 a
".Hanford 4:J2p S:f! p 7:06 a .
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a . .
"Tulare .. 4:!7 p 4:2T p 5:05 a
".Bksfleld . (::0p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. aty 2:41 a 7:30a '.'.'.
"Chicago 1:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
. 9:C0 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run3
to Bakersfleld fo^ accommodation of local
first class passengers. No -second clai*
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:E5 p.m. dally. 1
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
•lng train arrives at- 11:05 a. m. dally.
g:CO o. m. Is the Overland Exoress. with
through Pdlaca and Tourist Sleeper* an-1 :
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper. ' which cuts out at Fresno. Cor- <
responding train Arrives at 5:S5 p.m. dally.
7:tO a, ja. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping :
at all " nolnta in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at $:40 a. n>. <1<tlly. ,
Offlces— €41 Market street and In Ferry •
Pepot. San Francisco: 1UJ Broadway. Oak- ¦
land. ..¦...-•¦¦ '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vt« S«usallU F«rry. ,
! . - Commencing September JO, 19C0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET 1
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DA Y9— 8:55, »S:15. 11:00 a. m., •1:43. I
I:1S. 4:00.. C:i5. »fi:15, 6:40 p. m. ...
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on ' Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur- -
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. ' ¦¦
SUNDAYB-»S:0O.*10:0O, 11:30 a. m.. 'liVL j
3:15. •¦4:45. «:I0. 9:00 p. m. . -• .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. '
WEEK DAYS-5:20. •6:30, 7:4i 9:30 a, mT.
•12:30. 1:43. '2:30. 4:30. 5:» p. in. - '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at -6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:«>. •«:(». 'lO^.- 11:45 a. m..
•j:40. »2:15. 4:4S. »«:3» p. m. . ]
¦ Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL \'ALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. •
WEEK DATS-5.45. «:43. 7:33. iJQ a. m
12:25. 2:10. »:30, 4:54. 6:20 p. m. . ' !
EXTRA TRIPS -on Mondays. Wednesday*
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:N p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:C». S:1S. 3-3»
6:00. 6:45 p. m. ' . " '
... THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. ¦. . - ¦¦ •¦ • •- ¦ . . ]
1:45 p. m; Eaturiays— Tomales and way i
stations. .
,.8:M -a.' m. . Sundays— Tomales and way !
stations. '"- . rTrapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
2>rucc!sts, SOc fiask. Richards & Co., '.06 Clay. *
Of the 16.0CO islands scattered between
Madagascar and India, only about 603 are
at present Inhabited.
Suspected of Robbery.
Frank Liee.- residing at 667 Fulton street.
a 16-year-old' boy,- was arrested last night
by Officer 'Flynn in a r stablo at Broderick
nnd Turk streets." Lee'is suspected of
having been implicated in stealing a num
ber «f horses and vehicles In that section'
of the city recently. :.
Retail Drug Clerks Meet.
The third regular meeting of the Retail
Drus Clerks' Association of San Francisco
•was held Saturday night. One hundred
and fifty members are now enrolled on its
roster, representing more than one-half
of all the retail drug clerks in the city.
The next meeting of the association will
b* held Friday night at 11 o'clock at the
Kr.'ghts of Pythias Hall.
Chief of Police Sullivan's house at 209
Central avenue is quarantined. The Chief
passed a bad night, and was reported yes
terday morning to be in a ; serious condi
tion from an attack of diphtheria.. .Dr.
John Gallwey is in constant attendance
upon him. During the Chiefs illness
Captain Seymour and President Newhall
of the Board of Police Commissioners are
locking after the affairs of the depart
ment. ¦ • -
Chief Sullivan Seriously 111.
Alexander B. Bradley;' a e'erk In th3
employ of Mack & Co.. wholesale druc
gists.-living at 1264 Eddy , street, was
brought to the Receiving Hospital late
last night; suffering from what Dr. Bosk-,
witz diagnosed as morphine poisoning 1 . In
company .with a friend. Charles'- Harris,
he started for the Chutes, changed hist
mind and , proposed .a walk through th-3
park. When they reached a point .on the
south drive, opposite H' street, he took .a
phial from his pocket and swallowed the
contents. He was taken to Dr. Meyer's
office. In- the vlcinlty,:and the ambulance
was called. Harris was reticent as to the
cause of his s friend's act. Bradley will
recover.: v ."*-..¦. ' \... ; -
Drug Clerk Attempts Suicide.
was arrested yesterday mo.rnins; by De
tectives T. B. Gibson and Co'.eman and
booked at the City .Prison on a charge of
grand larceny. • ,¦;.¦ $.»
Widup and two other boys came from
tbe East recently, anJ obtained employ
ment at the Colonial Hotel, Jones aArl
Sutter streets. Wldup was bellboy.-Ar
ticles were missed from the boarders'
rooms, and suspicion fell upon the trio
and they were discharged about six weeks
ago. \\ idup got employment at the Bo
hemian Club, and the other two. Renle
and Ludlow. went to Los Angeles. Widup
made friends with James Walters, the boy
employed at the club to wait oh the bil
liard room, and soon complaints were
made that jewelry belonging to members
was brine stolen.
<J'bson and Coleman discovered a nug
get pin that had been stolen from the
rlub In a pawnshop, ar.d learned thpt
Widup had sold It. They also discovered
that he had. sold a diamond pin belonging
to O. E. F«»J1. an insurance agent who
boards at the Colonial, and it was upon
that charge that tut was booked. The po.
lice say that he Is wanted in the East for
some crime. Walters has disappeared.
Ernest F. Widup Suspected of Steal
ing Je-welry From the Colo
nial Hc£el.. '
Ernest F. Wldup. a boy 20 years. of age.
BEIXBOY ACCUSED • V V
OF GRAND LARCENY
Bakers' Union No. 24 held a special
meeting Saturday night. Resolutions -were
Introduced requiring bakeries to put la
bels on each leaf of bread sold, and de
claring May 1 a holiday. The union has
a membership of S21 and is in a prosperous
condition.
Bread Must Be Labeled.
When the keepers arrived and attempt
ed to enter the paddock the three buffaloes
prevented the men from reaching the body
of the dead animal, and for some hours
they remained on guard. Finally, when
hunger led the watchers to where piles of
hay had been thrown, the • keepers se
cured the body, it will be mounted and
placed in the Park, Museum.
With lowered heads the three bulls at
tacked their companion, and the sound
of the meeting could be heard for a long
distance. Time and time again the but
falo attacked would lock horns with one
of his antagonists and like trained gladl
atcrs neither would budge an inch.
Finally, while the. great beast that was
fighting for his life was thus locked with
one of the three, the two others drew off
to a distance and charged down ppon
him. Deeply they gored his sides and
he was borne to the ground. With
fierce energy the three buffaloes
stabbed their prostrate companion,
driving their horns into his body. Though
weak from loss of blood, the wounded
buffalo made an attempt to rise.. Each
time he attempted to get to his feet he
was borne to earth by the rushes of his
enemies. Then with mighty bellowing
the three victorious animals placed their
horns beneath the dying buffalo and
tossed him repeatedly into the air. each
descent to the ground serving to beat
out the last sparks of life.
Three of tne buffaloes were pitted
aeainst a shaggy monster, who for the
last lew years has been the pride of the
Park Commissioners.
E. B. ilayer of 253 Geary street was the
only eyewitness of the encounter between
the infuriated anlmaJs. Mr. Mayer was
riding his bicycle in the vicinity of the
buffalo corral when he heard the animals
bellowing in the distance. The next mo
ment the four bultalces came into sight,
tearing over the ridge of ground which
skirts the bicycie path.
A battle royal between four male buf
faloes in . the Golden Gats Park corral
yesterday morning resulted in the death
of or.e of the animals.
Pierce Battle Is Waged by
Big Beasts in Golden
Gate Park.
BUFFALO FIGHT
T0 THE DEATH
According to the statements. of the Sa.n
ta Fe officials Vannler was discharged be
cause of Inattention to duties. , He and
Gavan were never particularly friendly.
George : Vannler, the young man who
was with Gavan when he cashed the
checks,- was located at his residence, '303
Montgomery avenue, yesterday by the po
lice and taken to headquarters. He was
questioned by Captain Seymour', in the
presence of Mr. Donnelly, and denied all
participation in the: affair. He said that
he met Gavan going into' the bank; and.
as they had worked together in the yards,
he waited until his friend came out. They
chatted for a few minutes later, and then
Gavan said he had to go to the yards. He
started down California street and then
Vannlc-r went home.
"Lots of the men complain that they are
among the victimized," said Donnelly last
night, "but I am satisfied that all who
lost any money have reported to head
quarters. We cannot keep them from
talking, and some may. be taking ad
vantage of the situation for . their own
benefit. The, checks will be examined at
the bank as soon as it opens to-morrow
morning and then we will be able to verify
these figures." *.
According to Assistant Superintendent
Donnelly, there was a line-up In the yards
yesterday of the men who had entrusted
the collection of their checks to the suave
stenographer. The .total is now said to
be $745, an increase of $200 over the amount
estimated by Mr. Donnelly the previous
night. Donnelly says he is confident that
this will cover the total amount.
Frank J. Gavan, the missing stenogra
pher of- the Santa Fe railroad freight
yards, who collected a number of checks
for his fellow employes Saturday and
then dropped completely out of sight, has
not been heard from since.- "He Is sought
by detectives and disappointed employes,
but so far has carefully covered his
tracks. •¦*, ; -.;,
With Him, Talks to Police.
George Vannier, Last Person Seen
GAVAN'S LOOT.
All of Ford's friends speak highly of
him. he was known to be of an impul
sive nature, which brought him into trou
ble about six months ago while he was
employed in Nolan's 'shoe store. W. H.
Coineld, a salesman, accused Ford of
stealing a pair of shoes, and Ford prompt
ly knocked him down. Coffleld had him
arrested for .battery and the case was
tried before Judge Slogan. W. H. .Nolan
testified that Ford had nothing to do with
the stealing of tho shoes and the Judge
dismissed the case. •
Lee Leong. the injured Chinese, is in a
precarious condition. .
Ford's mother and wife were among his
fii6t visitors yesterday morning, and they
remained with him for several hours. A
number of friends a'.so called to Bee him.
lie had nothing to say in extenuatidn of
his crime, but simply repeated that he
was driven to desperation by his losses
and selected the Chinese. Lee Leong, as
his victim. Lee had over $500 in gold In
the insiue pocket of his blouse, besides the
J21G in silver in ¦ the- sack which Ford
stole.
Marvin Ford, the man who committed
highway robbery- to cover up his losses
at the racetrack, spent a miserable night
in the City Prison. He confessed yester
cay morning that he never closed his eyes
as the enormity of his offense was laid
bare before him In the quietude and dark
ness of his cell.
Unfortunate Man Spends a
Sleepless Night in
City Prison.
FORD SUFFERS
FROM REMORSE
Among the prominent men who have ac
cepted invitations to attend the exercises
are Judge 'Joseph Scott Tobin, Judge Rob
ert Young Hayne. Judge Burnett. Judge
Lawlor. Dr. Cornelius Fitzgerald Buck
ley, Garret McEnerney, Rev. Fathers
Hoyne, . Cranwell. Ramm, Prendergast.
Lyons. McDonald, Praight. Ryan, Phil
lips and King; Professors Stratton,
Stringham. Bacon. Hilgard. Fryer, Clapp.
Faget, Brown and Waite. ..
An interesting programme of exercises
has been arranged. The Rev. Father
Peter C. Yorke will deliver an oration., to
be followed by an address by President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler.
A commemorative ode by Professor
Charles Mills Gayley will be read and
Lawrence S. O'Toole, representing the
club, will m,ake an Introductory ; address.
Cardinal Newman's hymn, "Lead, Kindly
Light." will be rendered by the Univer
sity orchestra.
The Newman Club, the student organi
zation of Catholics at the University of
California, will celebrate, the centenary
of Cardinal Newman at Stiles Hall,
Berkeley, this evening. ; v>'^ > ¦:.
Father Yqrke and President Benja-
min Ide Wheeler Will Address
Catholic Students.
CENTENARY EXERCISES
¦¦ - OF THE UTEWXLAN CLUB
Costa asserts in his letter that from
that point he again wrote to his wife.
After a hard time of it In Calcutta he
managed somehow to get back to Ai^tra
lla. where he shipped on a coal vessel that
landed at Santa Monica last September.
Costa tells Chief Sullivan in his letter that
he has been an Invalid ever since his re
turn from his adventurous voyages, and
that he has written four times to his wife
without receiving reply3. He expresses
the fear that his wife might be led to seek
a divorce from him, and the court records
show that this fear has 'good grounds for
existence, as such a suit was actually
brought a month ago. - „
Costa tells a strange story in his letter.
He declares that he was "shanghaied" in
San Francisco two months after his mar
riage and was put on a ship bound for
Australia, On his arrival there he wrote
a letter to his wife in California, describ
ing his harsh experience. He boarded an
other vessel in Australia, which he was
told was bound for California, but Instead
of that its destination proved to be Cal
cutta, India.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.-A case re
markable in the annals of divorce pro
ceedings has developed here. On January
16 May Abbott. Costa brought an action in
the Superior Court for divorce from her
husband, M. M. Costa, charging desertion.
It appeared that the decree would be
granted without opposition, but a letter
received by Chief of Police Sullivan from
Costa, datrd Los Angeles, February 13,
may serve to obstruct proceedings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Returns Prom Sea to Find
His Wife Suing for
Divorce.
COSTA SAYS HE
WAS SHANGHAIED
British, and American Union.
At a recent meeting cf the board of di
rectors of the British and American Union
of California resolutions were passed ad
vocating the encouragement of the intro
duction of British capital ir.to all genuine
and meritorious enterprises for the de
velopment of California and also the im
n-Urration of desirable settlers. The
union will accept for distribution such
literature as fairly and honestly repre
sents facts relating to the resources of
Archbishop Riordan. dressed in his pur
ple vestments and ey>i?copal rob**s. assist
ed by Father O'Ryan. the spiritual di
rector of the league, conducted the reli-
learn how to combat these evils, we have
fcroupht them just that many more steps
forward to being truer and better citi
zens."
Quickly assigned to places on the main
floor of the edifice. The regimental col
ors: were draped by the coior-bearers on
each side of the altar and ma<3<? a pretty
foil to the myriad of lighted tapers that
rhonr- brightly on the white marble altar.
gious ceremonies, opening with the reci
tation of three prayers, the responses to
which were made by the large congrega
tion in the galleries and the cadets. The
"Veni Creator" was sung and the voices
of the young leaguers rilled the edifice
with melcdy, the organ playing a soft
voluntary. The singing was remarkable
for its strength and sweetness.
Father O'Rvan then read the prayer
for the church and civil authorities, fol
lowed by a hymn. Archbishop Riordan.
at its conclusion ascended the pulpit and
delivered a striking address. He spoke
upon vouth being the formative period of
life and how the hopes of the nation are
centered in the rising generation.
"A nation of temperance or temperate
People Is a nation of heroes." he said.
"Drink begets all kinds of evil, debauch
ery and its train of concomitant dangers.
Drink destroys tho home, destroys happi
ness, destroys intellect, destroys every
thing. Therefore, when we unite on
vouner men from their earliest davs to
At the conclusion of the review Arch
bishop RIordan called Colonel Powers and
his staff to him and bade him express to
his command the gratification he felt at
their noble bearing and magnificent dis
play.
Then' the cadets filed out and lined up
on Van Xess avenue nearly. 1000 strong
for a dress parade and review. The red
coated band of forty pieces was stationed
in front of the cathedral steps, at the top
of which tho Archbishop stood. A great
mass of people lined the sidewalks, and
the martial air with which the youthful
warriors bore themselves won plaudits
from the spectators.-
Benediction of the blessed sacrament
followed, the Archbishop officiating, with
Father O'Ryan as assistant. On its con
clusion the "Te EWum" was sung.
I declare before Almighty God. and you Most
Reverend Father, and in the presence of thl*
congregation, that I hereby solemnly renew for
the followinc year the promise of temperance
according to the rules of that branch of the
League of the Cross of which I am a. member,
and may God sive me the grace to keep this,
my pledge, in the name of the Father, and
of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.
Another hymn and a few short prayers
and then the pledge was administered.
In a loud, clear voice the archbishop read
it while the right hand of each youthful
leaguer was firmly upraised and their
voices repeated after him the following
words:
The Italian Consul will shoVtly file suit
to have the deed given by him to Baciga
lupi. as attorney for Cuoco's heirs, set
aside, on the ground iiat it was obtained
by fraud and misrepresentation. He says
that when he accepted Bacigalupi's offer
of $800 he did not know that other bidders
had been to his secretary offering $5000 for
the property. Realizing that there had
been fraud committed in connection with
the sale of the estate. Consul Serra is de
termined to get at the bottom facts.
"It matters not who is interested," said
Attorney T. J. Lyons, who represents the
cqnsulate. "The Consul has been grossly
deceived and he will not rest until he has
shown up those who betrayed his confi
dence. If the suit he intends bringing to
set aside the Bacigalupi deed is won by
him bids will bo asked for the property.
While Bacigalupi obtained a deed from
the Consul for $S00 and ex-Public Admin
istrator Drinkhouse sold the same prop-,
erty to Henry Bohls for $2000, neither price
is reasonable. I know of one party who 1^
willing to pay $20,000 on. ten minutes' no
tice If he can be given a clear title."
Consul Serra is anxious to have the deed
he gave set aside. He will be assisted on
that line by Attorney Harding, who repre
sents clients who expected to get the land
for $5000. Harding intends attacking the
Bacigalupi deed not on .the ground of
fraud, but on the ground that the power
of attorney received by the Consul Is de
fective. He expects to prove to the satis
faction of Judge Troutt that the power of
attorney is not properly drawn, and that
In consequence Consul Serra could not-le
gally dispose of the land to Bacigalupi.
While the several syndicates of schemers
who planned to loot the estate of Giovanni
Cuoco are engaged In denouncing one an
other preparations are being made to
reach the oil supposed to lie under the
tract of so-called "desert land" in Kern
County left by Cuoco. Machinery valued
at $7000 has been placed on the property,
and unless restrained by order of court
the owners of tho plant. will within the
next few. days commence drilling for oil.
The oil-drilling rig is owned by the Tiber
Oil Company. The company claims. right
to drill on the disputed property by virtue
of permission granted by W. II. McKenzle
and S. N. Griffith, who assert ownership
to. the land, contending that they located
it under the mineral land law when- they
heard that the patent granted to Cuoco
was worthless because of his failure' to
comply with all needed legal requirements
to perfect title. McKenzle and- Griffith
own. so it Is said, the controlling interest
in the Tiber Oil Company. Griffith and
McKenzle, as already published in The
Call. have, a suit pending In Kern County
to quiet title to the land. They seek to
secure title on the ground that Cuoco set
tled on the property under the homestead
law, but that ho did not live upon it and
that In consequence the patent issued to
him by the United States is invalid. Theo
dore Baclgalupi. who bought the land
from the Italian Consul for $800. claims
that McKenzle and. Griffith are working
in the interest of Henry Bohls. who paid
ex-Public Administrator Drinkhouse $2000
for the property. Attorney Charles G.
Lamberson of Vlsalia. who now holds a
one-third interest In the property by vir
tue of a deed recorded by Bacigalupi, says
that Griffith and McKenzie have no inten
tion of bringing their suit to trial. He
says that they filed suit against Drink
house to frighten off other people, with
the understanding that there would not be
any contest and that title would pass
without need of confirmation by the Pro
bate Court. M. 8. Wagy, who is interest
ed with Lamberson and Bacigalupi. filed
a complaint in intervention to checkmate
Drinkhouse and his frientis. The time for
answering that suit has not yet expired.
Attorney Ruef. representing Drinkhouse.
says that he will have but little trouble
in knocking out the claims of McKenzie
and the others. In the meantime McKen
zie • and j his associates ! are preparing • to
drill the land, in the expectation of; strik
ing oil with but little cost.
Drilling Plant Erected on
Property of Cuoco
Estate,
The version of the Interview accepted in
political ¦ circles says that Daniels as a
preliminary, step to peace negotiations
proposed that Dingee should relieve the
newspaper of a trifling obligation of $55,
000 owing to a bank with which the capi
talist of the water company is closely
connected. Mr. Dingee understood 'that
Mr. Daniels wanted the indebtedness
liquidated, lifted, canceled, or, in common
parlance, paid ' off. so that it would not
figure on the books of the bank or any
other books as a liability 'of Journalism.
It is related to The Call that Mr. Dingee
entertained in a friendly spirit the over
tures of the plausible Mr. Daniels, but
that the newspaper man stipulated . so
many immediate and ironclad provisions
in regard to the liquidation that the cap
italist asked time to confer with his con
science and his associate directors.
ARE PREPARING
TO SINK FOR OIL
" The municipal contest in Oakland is en
livened by talk of extortion; blackmail
and other topics which may awaken the
attention of voters. The water fight is
always an element in Oakland city elec
tions, rand -this time it is taking first
place. The story com* to The Call that
W. J. Dingee of the water company Is
declaring with spirit and vehemence that
the . Enquirer's course in assailing "him
was inspired by his refusal to pay the
paper's bank obligations, amounting to
555,000. The story goes that George C.
Pardee and Henry Dalton recently sug
gested to- Dingee that he should get in
line for Felton. Taylor, chairman of the
Council, and thereby win the good will of
the Enquirer In the fight to fix water
rates. For the purpose of bringing about
what Mayor -Phelan would be pleased to j
term an "understanding," Mr. Dingee was
advised to see Mr. Daniels, manager of the
Enquirer, and hold a parley on politics.
It is asserted that Mr. Dingee. who at
some times is an advocate of peace and
at all times a promoter of liberal rates
for water supplied by his company to
Oakland consumers, accepted the sug
gestion for a conference and . signified
readiness to meet Mr. Daniels or any
other journalist with an olive branch.
Mr. Dingee began to reflect, and during
the progress of reflection the sum of $55,000
seemed to grow larger In his mind's
eye. It was . $1,000 ' : multiplied fifty-five
times. He began to cherish the hope
that peace at a smaller figure might serve
the ends of a water company, and while
he was entertaining that delightful . Illu
sion, he was - stunned by the sight of a
cartoon. It miist.be borne. In mind that
cartoons produce telling effect, but it must
be an exceptionally good one that \ will
produce $55,000. The first one in the En
quirer had no effect on Mr. Dingee. { The
second one did not disturb his serene, mind
or tranquil conscience, but the succeeding
avajanche of pictures, with explanatory
reading, caused him to forget all desiro
for peace and prepare for ¦war. On- the
Oakland boat, just off Goat Island, Mr.
Dingee declared. war on the Enquirer, Its
manager/Daniels, and its financial back
ers, Pardee and Dalton. He did not hesi
tate to assert that the cartoons were pro
duced because he did not lift {he $55,000
debt. Blackmail and extortion were terms
freely used before the ferry boat reached
the pier.
The Call, desiring to ascertain if the
war was to be long: contested and bitterly
fought to the finish, sought an interview
with Mr. Dingee last night. He admitted
that he used high language on the boat
within three marina miles of the shore.
He said that he understood that the En
quirer and Its financial backers owed a
bank with which he is connected the sum
of $55,000. He indicated clearly that he had
been attacked, assailed and cartooned be
cause he declined to serve the Enquirer
and Its backers, and continued:
"Say nothing about the affair at pres
ent. In a few days 1 will make a state
ment that will enlighten the public as to
the cause of the attacks."
When seen last nl&ht. Dr. Pardee said:
"As far as I am concerned, it is a cock
and bull story, about which I know noth
ing.' As for Mr. Daniels— he must speak
for himself. I know nothing- about his
affairs."
Boldly Asserts That Inspiration for Cartoons
and Assaults Gome From Refusal to Lift
Bank Obligations of Oakland Enquirer
DINGEE DECLARES
WAR ON ASSAILANTS
OF WATER COMPANY
LEAGUE OF THE GROSS MEMBERS
RENEW PLEDGE OF ABSTINENCE
Impressive Ceremony Takes Place in St* Mary's Cathedral in the
Presence of Archbishop Riordan*
STANDING -with uplifted hands be
fore Archbishop Riordan in St.
Mary's CathedraJ yesterday aft
ernoon. 2500 members of the
League of the Cross solemnly re
ne-sved the pledge taken when they be
came rnerr.bers of the order to abstain
iron the use of intoxicating liquors and to
avcid places where liquors are sold until
they reach the ape of 21 years.
The body of the vast cathedral was
filled with cadets in uniform and the
Jmdor members of the organization.
Thry marched from the various parishes
to which they are attached and were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; FEBRUARY *I 8, laoi.
MEMBERS OF LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS RENEW ABSTINENCE
PLEDGES AT ST. MARY'S.
10
eOLOBZBO, BOWES * CO'S SPECIAL SAVIXO SALB
When Prof. Munjvn sajrs his Rhenmatlna
fare will cure rheumausa there isn't any g-uess-
•'oric about it^therr isn't any false statement about
It. It cures without leaving any ill fffc cts. It is a
splendid stomach aod nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for rhrumatit>m.
All the Munvon remedies are just at reliable, jtc.
vial. The Guide to Health is free. Mucyon, New
Vorlc and Philadelphia.
JTCXTOVs IXIULEtt CUBES CATACBB.
EADttAVS BEABV I'.ELlti' has stood
•inrivaled betore the public for 59 years as a
Pain Kemedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron>
ehltts. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
}iesdacho. Toothache and all pain. Internally
lor Ualarla and tdl Bowel Pains. All dru^irists.
Cocktails
Imperial — 6 kinds — oor*
reg'ly U 25 bottle 9 OC
C Ji e e s e
Pine-apple— large size— nnr
rcg'lySno 9 UL
Face powder
Roger & Gallct— '<[::¦. \ nr
vec-o-Jay— reg'ly 50c box
Hair brush
Loonen — solid back — — r\c
reg'ly ooc 7 OC
Nail brush
Loonen— extra 2 OC 2 for -2 CC
value— reg'iy 25c J J
C a t a loguc
Illustrated— complete price list— free
4)2 Pine 23* Setter 2800 California S« Fr*nclac»
TbtrtttxJb and Clay Street* Oakland
Broken
Eyeglass
l«ns«9 replaced for 5O cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for Sl.OO
ar.d $1.30.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory ea
premises. Quick repalrts*. Fhoae. Mala 10l
d4Z Market St. im»trum£ni3
UND£« CHRONICLE BUItDIMO. CATAIOCI/E ffflt.
DRMCNULTY.
1-«HIS WK1X-K5OWX A!TD RELIABLE OLD
. SpecialKcvrft Blood Poison, Uonorrbcea.Glee;,
Stricture, bfnilimi Weakness. Impotence and their
alMed Disorders. Itcok on Diseases Of Man. fr»e.
OverlOreani'eipereiice.Tl^rnM reasonable. Houm.
9to.1d3.iIy:6:30toS.30»v'e*..-iundaT*,10t«> 12. Cnn.TUl-
uilon free nnU -utcredly confltlentlaU Can or address
P. nOSCOR SIcXULTY.M.D.
2G It Hearny »r.. San Fraaelseo. C;>
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mallai
onApplieatloa.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IR3N\
J- C W ILSON F TO *» Battery Str*n.
. COPPERSMITH.
C V. SMITH Ship Plumblns. Steamboat and
« V,r • " l " Sh 'P Work a specialty. 1« and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main M41.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ RflYFS R C > thiPPln* llutcners. V*
JA3-DU1C3SCJ- clay . Te ,_ Maln tTHm
LL'BRIC'ATINO OTLS. LEO^AnD ft ICtAXS.
41S Front st. S. F. Phone Main 171*.
— —^— — —^—^—— — — — — — — — — __^__
PR1NT1X3.
L' HUUHC3. m Sansoma n.. 8. T.
PRINTERS. BOD BINDER.*.
THE^UCKS-JL'PP CO..
O Flr«i it.. Sun Tntaclseo.
STATIONER: AND PRINTER.
T ' 1 cS l C PARTRIDGE » u i
MISSIDH GROCERS
SPECIAL SALE
TO-DAY, TUESDAYMD WEDNESDAY.
FIKEST CREAMERY BUTTER, per sq. 371c
Rich Cai-or. Larre equare. Res. 45c.
THE YE Y BEST EGGS, per doz. 20c
Lerge tize. Reg. 23c.
KEWSUSf.B CORN, 3 cans^ 25c
Nice end tender. Rejr. 10c
JAVA AND KQCHA COFF;E, per lb. 25c
Delicious flavor. Reg. SOc-
H. 0. OAT MEAL, per pkg. J2jjc
A Ereakfast Cereal. Reg. 15c.
CU3£HY WASHING SOAP, 50 cakes $1.00
M&ke-s Trashlrg eaey.
OUB BEST FLOUR, any brand, per S2CS 85c
Maies white breed. Reg. 95c
GHIRARDEUJ'S CO^OA. per can 2Gc
Regular I5c. * . .
Write or telephone us.
We pack and ship e-^rjwhtrt.
1. H. CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 VALENCIA STREET, CORKER 23rd.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BQWEN
* jar m jf% -\;v
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter
Fancy creamery— >. o-7 l c
Jast week 45c square H o I »
H a m s
Old Dominion— T nr
reg'ly 1 $c lb— eastern f,- > x 6 *~
h • & o[ s
Fresh dozen ~~ n
laid O«V
Food for Lent
Finnan Haddies— lb T «, -.
For breakfast— lunch x D^
Bloat e r s
Grimsby— reg'ly 40c dozen— «Ap
extra large No. 1 quality ,5 v- ' Vi '
Ma ckerel
Soused — in tomato and mustard j 9*0
sauce^ — rcgMy 1 5c can . . 7 *
Oysters
Our Choice— fine flavor — o er
\ large cans— extra selected J **
Co f fe e
Crescent blend— „ ~
rcg'lyssclb 2OC
3 T e a
, Mandarin Nectar— ' mr\r*
very popular— reg'ly 60c lb 5 *"
M a caroni *
La Favorita— reg'ly 1 5c lb— T 2 V
also spaguetti— vermicelli ~
P im-olas
. 5fi3SS lyaoebot -3bdts5oc
W K i sky
GB&CoOK bourbon— 3 fcots < 2
reg'ly $1 bot $4 gallon y
gallon 3
Mayonnaise
Exquisite flavor-Sierra Madre o m ~
"and Brillat Filft-reg'Iy 30c bot *OV
P r u n e s
- Santa Clara— " 4 lbs - p
large ones 5^
So a p
Home brand— buy a 8 for o cc
box and season hard— " J \
reg'ly 6 cakes 25c 100 cakes, $1
Chocolate
Kraft— Visor— .
res'lyCjC lb # 55^
V Q i/n e g a r v
¦ French- -Estrapeh— _ "
reg'iy 2 ' 1 :t)0tU8 2OC
GOLDBERG. BOWEN * CO'S SPECIAL BATIKS SALE
/; '- •", .¦ - • ¦ .
I Illln LnUL UUIIIflllly!
We have just received from one of the laraest
manufacturers in ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND
5 CASES, or 800 PAIRS, FINE LACE CUR-
TAINS, * in Paris Foint, Renaissance and
Irish Point. e
These Curtains we. will place on sale com-
mencing MONDAY, Fehruaru 18th, at lower
prices than similar goods have ever been sold
in this citu. Theu come in hoth douhle ana
single horder, are the veru newest designs,
and the prices range from
$3.50 to $15.00 per Pair.
We will also place on sale same dag 40
EXTRA FINE SATIN DAMASK TABLE
CLOTHS, four different sizes, wi(h DIN-
NER NAPKINS TO MATCH.
40 Dozen HAND -EMBROIDERED LINEN
SCARFS, TRAY CLOTHS, CENTER
PIECES and TEA CLOTHS.
50 Dozen FINE BATTEN BERG SQUARES,
SHAMS, BED SETS, TIDIES and SCARFS.
All the ahove goods will he sold veru cheau,
will be-on displau in our large show windows,
and we call special attention to this Exhibition.
111. 113. 115. H7. 119. 12! POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE AGONY
la suffered by- many rather than seek re-
lief at the dentist's. They believe that old-
time methods, with their torture and pain
still prevail. •- -- . "-.'
MODERN _¦. DENTISTRY-
As employed - here renders all operations
free from : unnecessary pain. Failure" to
"bring" relief, is unknown. Success is a s-
pured. Our : work .stands pre-eminent
Quality is perfect. . .
Artistic -Gold, FlIMns* .'. .$l.<io
Stiver. and Amalgam.. .....".„. .'.SOc
I •- Teeth Cleaned. Dlneaned Gnmn
I Treated and Painless Extraction. ¦
chalmerTmtal co;
133 Powell Street, San Francisco.