\ They beat about some time and finally
located him on a small rock Just off the
bay shore and within -hailing distance of
a-Chineso fishing village.'
' The man was bound by "stout ropes ta a
post and his captors" had. made as good a
Job of it- as any I band . Apaches- that 1
ever roped up a- victim for the'fagots.
The man was in a atate^of exhaustion
when rescued. •'¦',] : ' .. . 1 .-,¦";¦ .' - -.
His story was simple' .'enough, yet . it ,
sounds like a'chapter out*of a romance of
thetlast' century. * • ; I . ! v.. '- -
He did not know the reputation of the
villagers' and innocently enough- went' up 1
to 'one. of the houses fora drink.' He got'
his drink and at 'the. same' time a thump
oa-tho bead. * When: ho came to conscious-
¦:;¦>:;• ' ' ¦' ¦;.•••¦.: :>¦;:¦¦>¦¦
•'A 'manufacturing firm of Geneva,
Switzerland, have for sixty years been
making a' specialty of ' complicated time
pieces; ' and a '-watch recently ¦ placed on
view at the Paris Exposition la regarded
by ttfem- as ¦ their highest 'achievement.
In It they have overcome problems which
¦were" before considered 'insoivable, says
the Jewelers'- Circular, and have suc
ceeded In retaining the size of the watch
within the .convenient limit of. a pocket
timepiece — namely. . twenty Hjrnes. corre
sponding to the American eighteen size.
But two of these watches have'ever been
constructed. One , was purchased direct
from the workshop of the firm and added
iCr Ui» ui^.i^Iccnt watch collection of A.
WATCH WORTH
P Last week a notorious highbinder killed
a Chinese woman in this city and fled in,
..the direction of the lawless village. Will
he be found there, ahd In the search for
him what other mysterious crime will be
unearthed? ' ; '
Xo amount of questioning will develop
who buried the bodies. For, according to
the methods of these fishermen, when a
man is dead or is about to die, everybody
desert3 the room. But first they toss a
small coin into a corner to pay the grave
diggers, whom they know will come as
soon as they hear of the death. Later on
a couple of ghouls, disguised with masks
and well muffled, gather up the coin. No
body knows their identity and nobody
dares Inquire too curiously into It, for, ac
cording to the superstition of the place,
these . grave ghouls stand "bet-ween them
and ¦ the mysterious devil, whom It is
death to know.
at an turns of the Investigation. Ther»
are stories of warring tongs, Chlnes»
feuds, fights among malevolent factions
and rep*isals made by rival hatchetmen;
but" the^only* tangible evidence at hand Is
the six bodies unearthed from the shal
loTr graves on the scrub-covered hillside.
¦¦¦¦¦.• .. -* ; . ¦ -¦¦ -.--¦.¦•• ~ "... ¦ - .'¦ ¦
that < place— disappear^ mysteriously. . ¦ > .
Cf About : three ;• months] ago,; shortly, after
dusk one ; evening, the crew of a schooner
coming but of Carqulne* Straits heard the
cries of a man calling for help.' -¦
kidnaped ; v In ; Chinatown *^by".' notorious
hatchetmen and f have been ; trailed ! In the
\ direction! of [ the ¦; fishing :'$ village,^ but [ah/3
criminal trails that lead In that direction
; Invariably, i disappear f before they \ reaoh ;
connection with the minute hands, -which
m how the mean time t the time -we use),
it " carries another hand which Indicates
the sun's time; (the true time). - This
hand,', moving from the center.' as do tha
hands showing the mean' time,' constant
ly travels ' with them and automatically
places Itself each day at midnight In the
positron : It ! should occupy In order to in
dicate' for that day the difference between
the mean and true time. The variation
Is very great, being as much as fifteen
minutes "in one direction or the other.
These dates . are ¦ April 15. June 15, : Sep
tember 1 and December 2S» (
Poritl. the . celebrated amateur of Milan.
Italy.
, This watch, .which has a perpetual
calendar, indicating the days of the
month, the days of the week and the
phases' of .the moon, also possesses two
separate small dials, upon which are
shown- automatically for a given latitude
the time of the ' rising of the sun and the
time ; of Its • setting. The difficulty over
come here was great, but what com
prises, the merit of the piece is that, in
: ; A ; hound ; nosing- over the «round ' just
«iiead of an lofflcer with an Inqufrlns' turn
of mind, ¦ ran upon .the /mystery.- and > the
dlsinterinent t the .;* bodies : In various
¦tages f, of r decomposition followed, i ' As
usual, the 1 officers ran against "no laW
.What ( crimes : He the finding; of
. the t slx i- bodies ; Jus t- above m the .village '. by.
Coroner ., Eden '.recently s may 'never - be
known.' 7 i^, v< ¦'.;/ \ '. ¦*¦¦'>.' '¦ . ¦''.- : ¦ •-:¦
That's all the ever knew about the as
sault and 'that's' . all ' the officers ' ever
learned. -Three 'days" ; examination of the
yellow tailed stoic^ failed to elicit any
thing _else^but "no" sabe.'V and not one of
them 'could be positively identified • as • an
assailant.', - , ¦¦•'¦ -'v ." "' ¦ " ' : ""' '
At nightfall" four 1 yellow-faced, '.stolid
scamps (t'oRse'd'hiin .into a boat, rowed to
the rock and, v *aftef. removing the gag, pin
ioned him to a post. 1 -
n?*s ne was bound 'and gagged and rolled
Into a.dlrty room'ih an* empty; house; ; '
Maybright, is. not the first man who has;
had such experience jvvlth these -flsh'ermen.
What crimes and, dark- deeds.- He hidden :
in that- arm ; of tho. bay. above 'which', the;
unpointed nshing.village'atandR but. hard,'"
black, secretive, no officer may guess. The'
place Is within easy- and convenient ferry,
distance "of the .highbinder tongs In San'
Francisco, and~when things gat'' too' hot
there the pursued hatchetmen slip over
the bay and disappear iri'the dlrectlon'of
the ; settlement.';. There are " hints _of leaves
on that precipitous ; hillside r and of , "secret"
passageways; leading from dirty looking
cribs to , subterranean j chambers, ;'< but If
they! are : there no "prying: offlcer/of . the'
law has unearthed them. ;¦ Still, it topk the
detectives a long while to discover the in-*
genius trapdoor^ in the Sing Suey shop on
Dupont street, but'they ; rlddled that mys
tery at : last ; and routed out a skulking''
nest' of notorious la w ; breakers. . s
:\ fig Air. Poy. .the ¦[ king [ of . highbinders,
passed several seasons at this : settlement,'
and- he. might have been;llvlng» there* in
hiding " yet' if '. his .-* active - temperament ;
hadn^t induced - him ' to go on"' a : hatchet ' ;
•tour^of: the -upper , San Joaquln counties,
'where his 'pistol practice ran him Into the
hands* ol .' the _ police. -.' .
Bodies with the marks of, foul play have'
beenwashed upionthe shores of the baV
there, \ but though .ihe r offlcera knight '. be*.
morally.- certain* where' ' the V culprit I lived '
; t£ere would r be 'nothing but theflimelest
"evidence to fasten lt'onV member, of the
"no sabe" colony. Chlneae girls have been
.-,'.' ¦/¦"/¦ *;¦:". ¦; " f \ ¦ :.¦ r v.-v ' .'. '¦'-'••:¦¦¦ •-• "
was in sight, so ; I- ran-, straight for the'
slied where -I had left my bicycle; and If
didn't take tne long to 'pedal around that
point of thb bay \ and get .beyond. tho
clutch of those plg-itallcd flend3."
"Of course I began to wriggle and twist
to get out of my bonds. After what , I
¦ thought was an eternity, , but : I . guess ) it
was not more than two hours, I managed
to get one hand free. The rest was easy
work, and in a Jiffy I pried open the pad
locked door with one of the oars. No on*
"About a dozen of them Jumped on me.
and though I struggled hard to get away
they soon had me tied hard and fast with
ropes. This did not seem to satisfy *ome
of them, for after, a lot of. Jabbering two
of them went outside and returned with
a neti net, and into It they,' rolled ¦ me.'
Then they picked me up ahd carried
to a near-by building and left me among a
lot of nets, oars, boxes and dried'flsh."
"For some reason they seemed to get
more excited and began a, wild- Jabber.
Of course I did not dream they would at
tack me, so I was ah easy mark when
one of them struck*me'on the head with
a club and knocked me down.
"I received no answer," he said, in re
counting his experience, "so I pushed
open the door and went inside. It was
dark in the. room, but from the*exclama
tions I could tell I had run into a number
of excited Chinese, I told them I simply
wanted shelter till the shower was over:
Maybright had pone on a bicycle from
San Rafael to a place in the vicinity of
the fishir.fr village to engage a boat for a
prospective outing trip. On his way back
the rain came down in sheets just as he
was passing the shacks on the edge' of
the settlement. He thought It prudent to
seek- shelter till the storm passed, so, put
ting his bicycle in a shed, he rapped at
the door of a near-by building.
shiner, or a missionary to a rabid Koxet—
something to wipe off the face of the
earth. Hence, whenever a deputy ap
pears In the village or a stranger sus
pected of beinc a deputy, he is met with
doors slammed in hi3 face, malevolent
eyes peering from crack3 and stolid defi
ance. This hatred of deputies had led to
Tnany unpleasant predicaments on' the
part of chance visitors to the settlement.
For instance, a short, time ago John S.
Mnyhright, a San Rafael barber, was
bratm, bound and imprisoned by a pang
of these yellow thugs. Why they did It
he nevrr learned, nor did the Investigat
ing officers of the law; but all the evi
dence goes circumstantially to show that
they mistook him for a Deputy Fish Com
missioner.
A great deal of money is made by these
fishermen by illicitly stretching fine-mesh
eeines in the bay, catching small fish and
drying them for shipment to China.
It is this pernicious line of industry that
is rapidly thinning out the table 'fish In
t£e bay; that is why- the Deputy Fish
Commissioners are continually and zeal
ously overhauling their Junks and drying
grounds. Bo a deputy to them Is what a
revenue collector is to a rifle-snaed moon-
Their particular white enemy and the
men they hate most In all the world are
the Deputy Fish Commissioners, for the
latter have an insistent way of overhaul
ing their junks in search of email fish and
seines made of mesh under the legal size.
Two such stories have come out within
as many months: Marooning: a white man
to a pott or/a little island in the bay near
the village and the imprisonment of a
elranger eurpected of being a prying
deputy sheriff. Very recently, too, the
Coroner dug up eIx bodies on the scrub
covered hill just above the camp.
But periodically these evildoers commit
w'ld pranks of lawlessness apparently
through sheer deviltry and just to show
they are not living under ihe white man's
statutes. Then the daily pajwrs exploit
them and the world at larse gets an idea
what they are doing in their sun-baked
village.
Th«»y are a. law unto themselves:, have
th^ir own tribunals, officers, fines and
punishments and woe betide the member
¦who doesn't submit. lie might cry out
for the white man's law to protect him,
but long before his cry could reach the
white man's ear it would be lost In that
1'onely, secretive village and the first sus
pectlng officer that reached the place
would be greeted by the usual stoical, "No
i-abe."
j A group of fishing- vWa»r«>«: necklace the
bay shore at this point, but the village
on th» hill seems to be the hotbed of
iniquity and the dunging ground of all
the viclousn^Rs and lawlessness of the
rhJnese fishing fraternity o n the bay.
The fishing ranks of all nations contribute
more than an ordinary share nt pure cus
eedness to the jails of the world, for the
freedom of water life breeds strong ani
mal spirit?, free will and llcens«», a* whal
ers and their fellows will tell you, hut all
the whalers and Alaska falmon packers
cannot compare with those Chinese out
laws In bold crimes and rank defiance of
the law.
They don't deride the laws of this land.
Th*»y pimply Ignore them.
T"or wars that are dark
And for tricks that are va!a
The heathen Chinee is peculiar
OF all the dark, secretive and law
less Chinese villages that dot the
¦wayward Pacific s'ope, the one that
looks down on the arm cf San
rrr.ncisco Bay, ju?t this side of San Pedro
Point, is the most mysterious and the
most lawless. The vlllape hasn't even a
i:ame to Identify It, but"Xo Sabe" would
be the most characteristic title for the
Frttlerner.t, because that is tne only ex
pression chance visitors and the officers of
the law car. get out of Its sullen, stubborn^
suspicious inhabitants.
A CHINESE
PIRATE
COLONYIN
SAN FRANCISCO. .The question "What would Jesus do?"
'.has been much canvassed in recent years.
If '.' that question could be so answered
that the "answer would fit all the mani
fold and varying conditions and details
of our lives to-day the question, "What
l»* a Christian?", would not need to bo
discussed, for the answer to it would
be amply illustrated in tens of thousand*
of actual human lives. But under exist
. ing conditions the consideration of such
a question is attended by bewildering con
fusion .and mental conflict.' One takes
Paul's text, "If ye have not the epl/it
of Christ ye are none of his," and inter
prets it in the intense white llsht of
the Chrlfitlifo and the Sermon .on tha
. Mount. . To be a Christian, he says, Is
nothing less than to live up to this Ideal
always, and in all life'*} details. The re
sult or reaction Is apt to be a demoraliz
ing sort of discouragement. .The ideal I*
felt to be so high as to be unattainable
and is soon abandoned or not attempted
Bt all. Another takes such texts a.i "The
blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from
all sin" and translates them into a myt
••¦.-• . -
* means something more and better to be
a Christian now than It meant to be a
Christian even in the apostolic days.
THK answer to this question must de
pend In l.-ree measure upon the
ii pens? in which we use the term
••Christian." A young fellow of 23.
more *"fresh™ than wise, with a veneer of
education all too thin to conceal the
Etrnotura cf conceit upon which It has
been i.tid. once shocked a venerable high,
church parson of the old school by Im
moderate indulgence la gibes at re
ligion and religious people. "Young
xnsn." paid the divine, . with se
vrr'.ty, "only the unregenerate could
talk fo profanely." "But pardon
me. doctor," retorted the youth; "did
you net yourself, nearly twenty-three
years ago. make a Christian of me
by sprinkling me with water and uttering
re'lpiou? words over m?? Have vou for
frotten that? In any case, what oecomes
of your favorite theory about baptism?""
If in this Ftory hot-headed, irreverent
youth pained a Fcemlng momentary ad
vantape over age and sacerdotal wisdom,
the fact must r»e debited to the supersti
tious and antiQUSted dogma of baptismal
repeneratkm. At another angle on the
plane of historic Christian doctrine ap
pears the ftory of the great founder of
Methodism and a convert of his who had
tumbled from grace. John Wesley halt
ed by the wayside to assist the prostrate
man. The poor wretch recognized his
cood Samaritan friend, and. lookinc ud
with a drunken leer into Wesley's • be
r.:pn face, exclaimed: "Mr. Wesley!
Good mf:r,! 'Twas you made me a Chris
tian!" "I quite believe it."' replied the
great Methodist; "this looks like eome of
my bundling work."
It !* the ircny of both these incidents
which gives them their grim sisr.iflcs.ncp.
Similar ia the Irony of history on Con-
Ftantine's edict proclaiming the Roman
empire a "Christian nation." Salvation
by ritual, fcy hysteric, emotion and by
Rational proclamation F till have their
tdvoca*c5, as wf>'i ;is salvation by hered
ity end by personal conviction, for hu
tvzzi nature is a thing of many diversities.
The present question, however, is not
what Is the host proccee of making Chris
t:a^F. but what is the- best kind of prod
uct, actual and ideal, hearing this name.
Some Investigation, analysis and com
parison of the various nostrums in that
ro:rt!c pharmacopeia which concerns
it?c!f vrlth the "cure of souls" might be
lcterestir.gr upon occasion, but the ques
tion. What is a Christian? precedes that
mattrr in logical or<Icr.
It is .r.ot a sufficient answer to such a
question to nay that a Christian Is a
believer in or a follower of the historic
personage named Jesus Christ, for such
*n answer would be- too vague. On the
other hand, it would probably be Impos
tlKe to frame a brief and intelligible
answer that should take the form of a
precise definition. It is recorded that
the disciples of Jesus Christ were first
called Christians at Antioch, a famed
city of Syria, more than eighteen cen
turies ago. The ruc'.o was given them m
derision, probably, at first, but It lived
End v.'as accepted in the world as a con
venient designation cf a class of persons
distinguished from the rest of mankind
by ideas, qualities of character and habits
of life which were due to the influence of
the life and teachings of Jesus Christ,
upon the thought ar.ii life of the world.
We do not know much In detail of the
personal lives and habits of those Aii
tioch Christians. Forcibly they were no
better than the majority of Christians
row living; possibly many present-day
Christians are better than they were.
However that may be, we have at least
as good opportunities as they had for as
certaining what true Christianity io.
ivhiie In some respects we have an lra-
that study the sense in which we accept
the miraculous element in those records
is practically of little moment. The main
matter I9 the acceptance of the general
teachings, character and personality of
Christ there presented asi exhibiting the
ideal of, human character and as illus
trating the spiritual possibilities of human
life. Even if such acceptance ia merely
passive, it may be fruitless; the trua
Christian Is the man whose spiritual na
ture Is fired by his contemplation of
Christ, so that Christ's word is his law
*nd Christ's spirit becomes the force that
governs the trend and conduct of his life
in all matters and relationships. Tha
Christ-spirit in a human life Is the essen
tial matter. That spirit, however, has
many diversities of operation and expres
sion. Just as vegetable life produces
peaches upon ene tree and apples upon
another, or pansies upon one plant and,
roses upon another. A number of men
need not think or act exactly alike be
cause they are all Christians. They may
differ, as did Peter and John.' or Paul and
James; but all must be animated by this
one spirit, as were those disciples. Meek
ness of temper, gentleness of spirit, con
sideration for others, fidelity to duty, res- .
olute resistance of evil, tireles activity
and unflinching self-sacrifice in the ser
vice of mankind— these were the forms of
love to Ood and man 'which shone forth,
through every recorded word and deed of
Jesua Christ. These, therefore. are> tha
marks of a Christian to-day, and tha
measure of his Christianity is the meas
ure of the spirit in him which devises and
produces this kind, of conduct in actual
life. .
It should go without saying that a
Christian Is essentially a religious man,
but there is apparent need for emphasiz
ing thlj point at this time in San Fran
cisco. "Every man his own God" may
be a taking theme ot popular Sunday
tvenlnjr discourses ¦ at Metropolitan
Temple Just now, but viewed from the
Christian standpoint this doctrine is &
very empty bubble. The late Dr.-Slar
tineau, who probably has had no peer in
this century as a profound thinker upon
ethical and religious subjects, once said:
"I do not myself believe in the efficacy of
purely ethical communions; short of the •
enthusiasm of personal affection between
the spirit of man and the spirit of God tha
blending of religion ia not reached. And
no permanent cohesion can be expected
on the moro ethical ground of relations
between man and men." Such a state
ment from such a master in the domain
of ethics and religion is deserving of tha
moat • profound attention. To attempt to
reduce Christianity to the level of a
echool of ethics is to rob the body of It3
soul or to take the sun out of the sky
and leave there nothing but the cold and
changeful light of a lifeless moon. Ia
short, it Is all moonshine.
The life of Jesus Christ was pervaded
by the vivid and abiding consciousness
of spiritual relationship with a personal
God. whom he taught his followers to
think of and to love and worship as a
father. Not only so. but the entire record
of his life testifies that that conscious
ness was the secret of his marvelous
character and power. It follows, there
fore, that to be a true Christian is to be
animated by that God-consclousnesa
which Is the spirit of all lofty aspiration,
and true worship and which alone can
subordinate animal passion to spiritual
purpose and thrill tho soul -with the en
thusiasm of humanity. This la the es
sence of Christianity, and any human be
injr is truly eminent or Insignificant as a
Christian in proportion to his possession
of this central quality of spiritual being,
this actuating motive of Christian service.
meaningless maze to the ever-lncreaalns
multitudes who deem Reason *> D * *"?
trainer of Faith and who regard the aimu
as the handmaid of the Soul. The CW
tianlty of the future will not so l ea "»
Christ. The truly Christian course Is tno
via media between these two extremes.
A" Christian Is an undergraduate in tn»
nchool of Christ, always learning because
there Is so much to learn, always aspirins
becau?* his Ideals are so lofty, but always
remembering, that the alternating s^ps
of ceaseless progress toward the msner
life are learning and doing. "My br f. tn ~
ren. I would not have you ignorant, i*
the most frequently recorded saying in
all the writings of the Apostle Paul. on»
of the most illustrious pupils of tha
School of Christ, and one whose record
is unique for Inspired and tireless activity.
To adopt this general idea of a Chris
tian is to exclude from Chrstianity largo
classes cf people who call themselves
Christians, as for example, those who
wenr the cloak of religion influenced by
motives of material gain or social ap
proval, and all those whose religion is
a mere endeavor to shun hell and gain,
heaven hereafter, each one for himseif
alone. All these are slaves of the deadly
sin of selfishness, and therefore have no
part or lot with Christ. Whether they
are members of churches makes no
dtrterer.ee. The supreme good that a
church tan do for any man is to heip
him out of hit «elflsh self Into tho Christ
spirit and then to help him In the pro
gressive development and expression cf
the Christllfe. But a Christless churc^
member Is un abortion which no church
c»n xave trom eternal damnation.
In order to be a Christian— whether with
or without the aid. of the church— a man
must fomehow com* Into spiritual con
tact with Christ, and that contact must
kindle In him the divine nre which alone
can make a permanent Ideal of tho char
acter of Jesus Christ. The main aid to b»j
relied upon In this matter is a personal
study of the records contained In the first
four books of tho New Testament. In
2
tical doctrine of 'salvation by substitu
tion which ignores the duty of personal
cultivation of character by spiritual de
velopment in obedience to the teachings
of Christ and by sympathetic study of
the spirit and example of his life. In
the view of this person, or clas3 of per
sons, to be a Christian is to believe with
all the blind trust of superstition in cer
tain doctrines (which it were foolish if
not wrong, tatry to understand) as to the
mystical effects of Christ's death upon
th» mutual relationships of God and man.
"Only believe!" is one of . the favorite
watchwords of this school of theology,
nr.d the faith to which it rerers does not
always (and indeed is not required to)
translate itself to the intelligence of its
subject, who is therefore not always dis
tinguished for tho intellectual consistency
of his creed. While this class of religion
ists Includes multitudes 'of worthy people.
It* can scarcely be admitted that Ideal
Christianity lies in this direction. This 13
not the path to be trodden by Inquiring
minds; it ia simply a blind alley or, a
CHINESE BEGGAR KINGS.
and merchants by undertaking to k«-ep
their shops, stores and houses free from,
the particular pests which he controls.
From these two sources 'he realizes a
large Income, and is enabled to live in a
large house and keep up great style ia
his mede of life. Each clan has a particu
lar district of the city given over to Its
operation, beyond which Its members are
forbidden to stray. Horrible self-mutila
tions nre practiced by the beggars of
China in order that their deformities may
excite compassion and lead, to profit. IS
you see a b'ind man soliciting alms In a
Chinese street It ia 10 to 1 that he had
himself destroyed his sight. On certain
days the beggars go about In gangs o J
from 50 to 150. On these occasions shop
keepers are only too glad to comply with
the "klnc's" demands for blackmail In,
order that !il3 subjects may bo kept oat
of their shops.
A "king" of Chinese thieves knows
everything that goes on In his district.
He knows who committed certain thefts
end whero the stolen property la. He,
like h!s brother of the beggars, has a
double source of Income. A large percent
age of the profits made by bis 'subjects 13
claimed by. him, and woo betide them If
they attempt to cheat the autocrat. And
If a foreigner is robbed he generally can.
by paying the "king" a certain sum. re
cover hl3 property. Property stolen from
Chinamen Is never brought back.
Every Chtrese city has a leper housQ
outside Its gates, and most of them hav»
two or more. As in the cases of the.beg
gars and thieves, there is an executive
head, called the "King of the Lepers."
who controls all lepers and makes rules
and compacts, which must be observed.
These : unfortunates are numerous
throughout the empire. "When fn the first
stage of the disease they are brought to
the leper houses. Good care U taken of
them as long as their relatives' can meet
tho demand of tha "king."
But no matter how wealthy their fami
lies, may be. tha "kftsg". eventually drains
them of. every penny, and both the leper
and his relatives of ten have to turn b»s
gar 3. The poorer lepers are assigned to
miserable, unclean huts, providing poor
•helter against bad weather.— London Exl
T7F* you^want to grow rich In China, be-
I come the head of a guild of beggars,
li thieves or lepers.
Nanking, Peking and Tientsin are
the headquarters of the most powerful
of these: guilds, and their rulers aro
wealthy and respected. The "king" of a
clan of Chinese vagabonds of these classes
derives his income from a tribute nn
dered him by his wretched subjects, and
also levies a sort of blackmail on traders
CONCERNING HUMAN HAIR.
?? T is a popular notion, sedulously fos
j tered by the barbers who get an extra.
a lee for singeing, that the hair is a
tube, and that when It is cut off it
bleeds end the natural vitality of it drib
bles ot;t into the . atmosphere. I think
people nave often be?n shown the hollow
ness of hairs when they have looked at
Them through a. microscope. If you can
overcome your conviction that all this
Ti'orld sffonls is holiow and unsubstantial
and .ire able to understand that most peo
ple looking thrrruph a microscope can eee
exactly what they are to'd they v.ill see,
you will be pleased to h?ar that. the hu
man bale is a. solid bundle of epithelial
cells, the inner ones being rather more
loopcly rackt-d like pith. Gray hairs have
air bubble* In their «uter layers. Blond
hair is the finest and most thickly set.
Bl3c!; hair ia lers bo, and red hair is the
coarsest and mcst>parsfly planted. Thtr
hunan hair is not a perfect - cylinder and
the flatter it is the more natural curl it
has. and, being affected by dampness, the
mere it kinks up. The hair grows elx or
ecvcri inches in & year, but the reason
why a woman's hair is not five feet ionger
tw-day than it wa3 ten years ago is 'that
each person seems to have a dcJinlte nor.
xnal length beyond which the hair refuses
to grow even If you put on the very best .
lotion you can buy for a- dollar a bottle.
When a hair thinks it Is about Ion?
enough It drops out and you flr.d It Btuck
last on the soapdifth or the stationary
•washbowl. wrlggling / with delight at your
efforts to pick it off with your wet fingers.
It does not discourage a hair to be
plucked out by the roots, as ladies who
fc»ve a tendency to grow mustaches will
bear me out. It simp'y gets angry an<l
cozr.es in again coarser than ever. That
is berause what Ke-.-ps the hair going is
eotr.ethlng that cannot very well be got
at from the surface cf the skin. It. Is a
little papilla. 1-1S0 cf an lach long, away
<Iown at the bottom of the hair tube.
Xothlngr that can b«* dabbed on the skin *
caa get down there either to harm or help
it. The only way to remove such hair is
to make up your mind to spend money and
to hav? an unpleasant time. Go to a phy
sician and Jrt him kill th« growth of each
hair with an electric needle. 1 hope you
will enjoy yourself. It is like tattooing in
its bensations. Th\sre have been some
ladies that have removed mustaches
from their IIps-1 m<-an their own mus
taches—by takirg a needle and healing it
In the flameof a lamp and thrusting- i-.
into each individual hair gland' and so
killing the papillae. T,hey get it red hot,
you know, and they also get tiny particles
of lamp black on the nprdie. and it leaves
a ddicate tattooing effect that is very
rtrlklnc. I don't know why- it is that I
want to laugh about this, because „ you
know it If not a bit funny to the srirlto"
have her lip hurt n and then find out
that In taking away the "mustnehc that
pne might have shaved off every day sho I
ha« Ifft an artificial mustache that noth
ing can remove. It Is really a serious
matter, but I always want to laugh Just
the same.
In some diseases of the scalp such as
favus it 1b necessary to pluck out the
hairs In order to get at the skin, and It is
on record that one little girl had to havo
70,000 pf them pulled out' by the roots be
fore she got -well. As there are only
about 120,000 in the wholo scalp, and this
was only one little patch. It is easy to
Fee that plucking- out a hair does not
mean the ultimate extinction of hair on
that spot.
Beard appears to grow at the same
rate and to follow the same rules of per
sonal conduct as this hair of the head. So
if a man began sha\-Ing when he was six
teen and lives to be seventy years old, ho
will have cut more than a" little bi£ off
the top. If he could keep in position all
he has thrown away a head of hair thirty
five feet long and beard twenty-seven
feet long, all In one bunch, would enable
him to travel with a circus summers and
sit in u •tcre -viudow to advertise a hair
restorer in tha vinter. I don't know but
he could get into *.he United States Sen
ate, although I hear that they don't run
so much to whiskers there now as they
did a while a$o.— Harvey Sutherland la
Alnelee's. • / - :
portant advantage over them. It may or
may not be a drawback that we cannot
receive Christian truth direct, from the
lips of the first apostlca of Christ. It cer
tainly is an advantage that we have tha
substance of thnt truth in permanent
form In the records of the New Testa
ment, which Christians then had not. Fur
thermore, if we miss the contagion of that
inspiration and enthusiasm with which
the apostles first delivered their message,
we pain unspeakably In our larger, per
spective of the truths which they taught.
We probably know more than the AntJoch
Christiana ever drearr-ed of regarding- the
vastness of spiritual truth and the lofti
ness of Christian l.ii^als, the progress of
mankind under the Influence of Christian
truth having revealed the&e things to us
as the early Christians could not possibly
know them. And if that be bo It follows
in seemingly natural sequence that it
WHAT IS A
CHRISTIAN?requires. loose Joints and the knees arts
allowed to be as reckless as they please.
Just the uDDoslto is true cf toe dancins. so
atout bis clothing. He is kind and lends,
for he is aorry for them in their arrested
dcveluriaent.
ing all by Itself, for It Is a thing not nat
ural to any person. The weak little tod
joints . grive out and eo flop the instant
your '.whole body's /weight is put • upon
them.. •
The. first lesson, sounds more simple
than it is. : -The feet are drawn up in thj
position which is called" the third In ordi
nary;dancing.lessons; the heel of one foot
Is; drawn against the side of the other.
VNoV the pupil; begins slowly to. rise or.
the toes, still ; holding this position. Shs
can't ' go very 5 " high {the first time before
she sUds; if : she has aimed too high/, she
: ; perhaps ends by sprawling. Little by lit."
tie she gains "power .to draw herself hlghe^
and to balance an instant. The- teachery
must help her to do this; I let the pupilj
place a hand on my shoulder and prop,
herself while nhe balances on the "toes,'
and f after a while I , move away from her
and let her try standing alone. There
are' many collapses on the .way to' success,
but when the ability to balance alone ii ,.
gained, the rest of the lessons move
rapidly.
A few little steps are taktn and these
; finally .'develcb into a polka on the toed. •
-.' 4
the center, freedom at the extremities/'
is the iaw of toe dancing.
Exercises of tho l«gs and body follow.
The strengthening ct muscles in legs and
feet Is our chief aim, because toe dancing
requires much strength in these as well
as skill. This is why a child who has
been in the habit of v.aiking, running,
dancing, jumping, is a more apt pupil in
most cases; part of the teacher's work Is
already done if tha legs and feet are
strong. ;r;^;V v'Vi>^
Xot only Is strength being added unto
the pupil during all this work, but supple
ness as well. Unless she does plenty of
practicing at home the lessons must pro
gress slowly. Theory is aW that. a teacher
can impart.
The ironclad rule of toe dancing is,
"keep the knees straight." ' With thla
rule in mind all sorts of exercises; must
be gone through; exercises that seem im
possible at first. . •
"Lay your leg on the table," I say.
"That's nothing," each youngster may
respond boastfully.
She doubles the leg, wriggles her body
and stretches, hanging to ( her balance by
Its dizzy edge until she gets- the leg upon
the table -and eyes me triumphantly.
"But you bent the knee,"I correct.
"Oh. yes, that's so. . I'll do it without
bending."
She tries to do It again as I show her;
kneo straight, leg turning upon the hip
as a pivot. She iinds that it can't be
dene the first time cf trying, nor yet the
next. Probably she does not succeed at
all during that day except as I lift the
leg for her or let her by leaning
upon me. ; L ';";'.
She must keep on trying after the les
son is over. She may use some .surface
lower than a table at , first— a low* cha:r
or sofa. ; Gradually she can raise the It/
higher, and after the result Is once gained
it cannot be lost. , '
After the muscles 'are prepared and the
knees taught, to"- bo stiff, then ' the r filial
training upon the toes begins. This is a
long, slow process In mogtcases. Try. to
stand upon your tiptoes' for a second and
you wiH'reallze this. Children are taught
to walk about ; the schoolroom "on *¦ their
toes," as they say, but not on .their tip
toes by any means. This requires a train-
THET POCKET
QUESTION.
ilan is a perfected marsupial. He Is a
creature of pockets. With him the neces
sity of^a pouch si:T»p!y develops one. Thta
is the law cf evolution.
The first vrt> read of him as a pocket
hearing animal he was on a level with
the kangaroo. He then hsiel one pouch,
fasteced to his belt. Now look at him and,
compare him to women, for whom— In his
chHalry— he Is truly sorry- She. in her
helnlcf sne^s. Is usually behind the kanga
roo; nnd at her best onlv equals him with
the one pouch fastened at her waist. Shs
has rot evolved through the laws of na
ture, but under the sterner decrees of th«
Crtfsranker.
What a difference between no pockets
and a score of pockets! The first 13 wo
man; the other man. "Woman is literally
fettered for want of pockets. She must
carry in her hands whatever is not a
part of her clothing, while man's arms,
palms and fingers are free— free to help
hts unfortunate sister.
Think of five pockets in trousers, five In
vest, five in jacket and five in overcoat—
an exact score in nil. Some men hav»
more than this. When man took up the
handkerchief habi: he made a pocket for
that convenient article. He don't have to
be picking them up— except for the wo
men.
lie made a pocket for his knife and a
pocket for his watch; a pocket for^hia
keys and a pocket for his letters: a pocket
for his tobacco and a little pocket for
his car- tickets; ami he kept on making
pockets as fast as he needed them.
Women, in their helplessness, envy him.
They reach out to him to' borrow his
knife, to borrow h.'s pencil, to borrow a
bit cf string and to borrow .i dozen arti
cled LLal lit* liability has stowed away
If the pupil has never danced before she
must learn the polka step before th'.a.
After the tiptoe polka, is mastered there
are whirlings and twirlings and a thou
sand complications, but the most difficult
of these are play compared with tha first
. lessons.
Practice will do the rest. All kinds of
calisthenics help to keep the body limber.
Various kinds of dancing are good train
ing. The crab bend, the split, the mount;
these come under the, head of contortion
work, but they are drill for ti»e work.
There la danger, however, in buck and
wins practice, for buck and wing dancing
these two accomplishments may harm
each other.
Once a toe dancer, always a toe dancer—
that I*, if you care to keep up tho prac
tice. There is no such thins as forget
ting the art. But work. work, work— that
is the secret, just as in everything else.
If the dancer had found it so you
wouldn't be paying to see her She
tptnt months and dollars upon her les
sons and that was only the beginning of
her efforts. After she had learned all
the principles of balancing: as far as a
teacher could help her. she went hoiEe and
practiced day in and day out to do the
difficult whirling more rapidly, more sure
ly. • Then she must do it gracefully and
without jerks. She must learn ta look
If she is a pood toe daacer ?he Is
¦whirling and «niling together while you
watch, all so airily, fairily. that she
tempt? you to wne and do likewise— to
dance the merry hours away with her. As
y«.u cunnot join her then and there on the
stape. you so home and -shut your door
and try it in private. The result la
echirtK muscles and tipped over chairs.
It is not so eary as it looks. Is it?
of one toe and not think how easy
It looked? And did you stop to think that
one cf the hardest things about it Is to
make it loolc easy? That is where the
real art comes In.
By Kiiss Anna Jhean.
y> T'S eapy enough to dance on your toes
'I when you know how. DM you ever
il watch a dancer whirling on the pivot
pleasant and comfortable, quite as If she
always moved on the tips of her toes and
found It the most natural kind of locomo-
tion.
It Is easier to teach toe dancing to a
child than to a grown person. Children
ore more supple, their muscles adapt more
readily to new requirements. But any-
body with the will" can learn in time. - If
you are half a hundred years old and
have never danced in your life, you can
start in to-day and be able In the end to
join a ballet-
Some of the raw material upon which
we teachers must l>e;j:n looks simply, im-.
possible. Take, for instance a child who ;
elands with shoulders forward, chest
caved in. knees floppy, arms dangling.'
It's enough to discourage any teacher.
And yet I have seen, just such a child
turn out a premiere danseuse.
The iirrt step i« to teach the correct
standing position. The pupil places her
heels together, draws the . body erect.
Then she is given some simple little ex
orcises with the arras to gain freedom
and grace of movement. The old la w
•which Delsarte and his disciples have for
eo lorn: hammered into us: "Control at
A LESSON IN TOE DANCING.
?T is said that Alma ence started
j| out to b» the kind of little girl
[» that says "Now-I-lay-rac" at S
every evening:. When the f?d for in
fant dancers carae along 1 it was found
more profitable to defer her '*Now-I
lay-me" until 12 o'clock.
In tb« school ¦which she attended
the was net educated, but her to:s
were. She had to go along with them.
She watched them learning to stand
alcse and to walls and to polka, and
ct lest when they were able to spin
like a heads-or-tails dollar they were
graduated.
Soon after Alma and her toes were
put on at a local theater. They suc
ceeded so well that in time they be
came knoTn as iust too cute.
One day a little neighbor said to
Alnia:
"My mamma says she wouldn't let
me b? an infant wonder.''
"Did you ever think of beingone?'*
asked Alzna. significantly, who, al
though only 9. knew a thing or two.
"No." replied th3 little neighbor,
"because my mamma says that the
glittering life of the stage is death
to a child. It is flame to the moth.'-'
"And my mamma says,*' put in an
other little neighbor, "that the child
of the stage leads the life cf a dog,
being cruelly beaten for every fail
ure."
"Come with me fcr a day and see/'
responded Alrna.
The little neighbors did so and this
is what they saw.
When Alma got up in the morning
she had an uninteresting breakfast
of poached eggs and somebody's pat
ented oats. Then shs had to run down
to the grocery, and later she had to
have a ragtime coat tried on, and then
it was time for lunch.
In tho afternoon sh* could play for
a while. Aftsrward she must try q,i
the coat again and practice some new
step and learn a new song. After din
ner she went to the theater.
The little neighbors followed her
to a barnlike place, which she said
was the stage, but they did not un-
derstand 3iov7 that could be. Ther9
were boards and old furniture stand
ing about and there was no giittcrlrg.
Alma was slipped through a cracit
betwcm boards and they could sec
her dancing bsyoncl tho crack. Sh-3
returned a few times to be popped
into different costumes and after a
quarter of an hour of this she said
she was through.
She v/as not borne ofc to a cham
pagne supper, nor was she beaten
with a duznbball. She merely wen:
home and ate bread and milk.
"Now you may go," she said to
her little neighbors, "and you mighr.
mention to your mammas that I sub
scribe a part of each week ? s salary
to the S. P. C. C."
SAB AH COMSTOCK.
THE LEGEND OF
ALMA AND
HER TROUPE OF
EDUCATED
JOES.
THE SUNDAY C ALL.
3
HOW TO TEACH TOE DANCINGft AMES LANE ALLEN has grown
rt Jl to be considered ens of our lead
— ing American novelists — and
quite justly is he entitled to that dis
tinction. His work possesses a life
and fire, and yet a delicate refine
ment, that places it at ones among
the best in the litcrelura of to-day.
For seme time Mr. Allen was a suc
cessful magazine writsr in NswYork,
contributing meritorious essays and
short stories to Harpar's Magazine
and The Century, but it was not until
the appearance of that charming tai9
of old Kentucky life — "The Choir In
visible" — that his name ro3o above
those of his contemporaries.
Mr. Allen comes from good old Vir
ginian and Kentucky stock on the pa
ternal side, while his mother was a
Miss Helen Foster of Mississippi.
His birthplace was on a farm in 3Tny
ctte County, about ssvjn milt3 from*
X«zington, Ky., and it was here that
he spent his early childhood and de
veloped a love for that courftry which
h^ has s:nc3 made famous through his
books.
He was educated in his native
State and'in 1872 graduated from tha
Kentucky (Transylvania) TJnivjrsity.
He began his way in the world by
teaching school, first in the district
schools at horac and later in Missouri.
He gave this up to accept a position
as a private tutor and th*n finally
tween two person* without either one ob
jectively suspecting the fact.
The pnsslon of -Selwyn for Marjnrle
Wentworth produces In his mlr.rl such an
antagonism to the thought of another's
possessing her affections that he converts
Henry Winchester's love Into merely a
regard for the heroine. Qfcackenbos be
lieves that the hypnotist can make and
unmake love.
When Selwyn discovers what ho has
done he dehypnotlzcs Henry Winchester
and the novel ends happily.
It Is a pity the Idea could not. havo
been better worked out. Miss Boyle,
sacrifices everything to bring forward her
theories. She shows herself to be a thor
ough student of this subject. Published
by G. \V. Dillinghara Company, New
York. Price. 51 25.
Tales of the ex-Tanks.
Clarence Louis Cullcn calls his volume
of tales "A Hook of Hard-1-.uck Stories,"
and he further adds the remark, on ' the
title page that "you can't keep a squirrel
on the ground." So much Is all the key. to
be found before one comes to the intro
ductory note.
If you have been speculating as to the
kind of tanks referred to by Mr. Cullen,
his cftrly referenco to the Harlem^ Club
of Former Alcoholic Degenerates enlight
ens you. The long and short of the mat
ter Is that the book Is a budget of twentyf
five stories concerning heroes who have
emerged from the .golden haze of tank
hood to find themselves "on their uppers."
And because these heroes are the squirrels
which' ean'f ,l>e kept- on the ground = they
wedge themselves Into l&« c?«aU-\vlnnln£
; Laura E. Richards has^written a rather
unusual story; containing' a very pretty
child's adventure ¦ with ' an affecting love
ftory.T It tellS'Of a; little girl whoruns
away from ¦ home." of. her adventures and
return. Mrs. Richards Is well known as a
Ernest Seton-Thompson is ¦ too well
known to need any more praise for hi3
power of depleting the life of wild ani
mals, life has Just taken a few. of his
wild animal characters and for'" the ben
efit of the children has written a little
drama for those who might wish to im
personate the characters of "The Sandhill
Stag" and "Wild Animals I Have
Known." The play Is in every way a
practical working pi w.e and can be got
up by children with very little trou
ble or makeup. 'Music has been added that
they can be easily taught to sing, so alto
gether the piece will make a charming
little operetta. ¦ The dialogue is easy to
learh and it will doubtless prove great fun
for entertaining: young people to occupy
their time with during the long wlntei
evenings. (Published by. DoubledayJ Pag*
& Co., New York. Price 50 cents.)
Snow White!
The Wild Animal Play.
Jane de Forest ; Shelton has published
rather an unusual." book, which la a story
of eighteenth century life In a New Eng
land hill town. "The Salt Box" Is an In
teresting descriptive study of the house
bold of yesterday. The scene is laid In
the old town of Stratford, Conn., and the
book shows the manner of life among
persons of the better class in the country
districts. The usual descriptions of spln
hlng-lees, huskings. etc.. are excluded and
the more uncommon customs of that pe
riod are presented. The story is in reality
a record cfllfc In the last century and
shows, tho most careful research work by
the author. (Published by The Baker &
Taylor Company, New York. Price Jl 50.)
The Salt Box House.
A book that rrmy appeal to an adven
turous lad Is "The Fortune Hunters of
the Philippines," by Louis Charles, which
relates the adventures of three wide
awake American lads, who become pos
sessed of an ancient Spanish document
pertaining to a treasure of diamonds said
to be secreted near the crater of one of
the burning mountains of our new pos
sessions. The three lads Journey from
San Francisco to Manila and from Luzon
to another island, an<» far Into the inte
rior, meeting many strange people and ho
end of thrilling and surprising adven
tures. (Published by the Mershon Com
pany, New York. Price 50 cents.; .
There has Just been published "Seed
Thoughts for Public Speakers " by
Arthur T Pierson. D. D. Six hundred and
flfty .paragraphs of Illustrations chiefly
for the,, use of preachers and other
writers and public speakers on religious
topics, are conveniently arranged in this
new book. Throughout the illustrations
there is a variety of wit, humor, his
torical fact, anecdote and wise sayings—
in short, an abundant fund of material
with which to adorn or strengthen a dis
course, speech or article. A copious In
dex Is provided at the end of the volume,
by consulting which any of the contents
nnd their topical .bearing, as also the
author or source of any quotation whose
origin Is known, may be quickly found.
(Published by Funk & Wagnalls Com
pany, New York. Price $1 50.)
Fortune Hunters of the Philippines.
C. Fontaine, director of Romance
language Instruction in the high school*
ot Washington, L>. C. has edited for
pchool U3e an edition of "Madame
Therese," by Erckman-Chatrian. In this
new edition the .text has been reduced
about a third, and especially adapted for
classroom work. The notes are very
few, yet furnish all Information needed
for a thorough comprehension of. the
text when used In connection with the
vocabulary. This book Is one of. the se
ries recommended last December by the
committee of twelve of the Modern Lan
guage Association of America as a
preparation for college. The style is
simple and easy. The text contains
about SSOO different words. The book
should be taken up during the second
half of the first French year or at the
beginning of the second, according to the
are and grade of the pupils. (Published
by the American Book Company, New
"iork. Price EO cents.)
Seed Thoughts for Public Speakers.
Madame Therese.
He will anger many, for he unblushlng
ly asserts that most of Beethoven's songs
are poor stuff, and that but a small num
ber of Schumann's are first class. ¦ But
even if his opinions be not received with
conviction the book is practical and will
prove a sort of song-Baedeker with bib
liographic foot-notes for the benefit 'of
students who wish to pursue the subject
further. His list of song writers is com
plete and the book will be of inestimable
value to a person wishing to collect tho
best songs. He has ignored what is anti
quated, trashy or' commonplace, men
tioned, as far as possible, what Is good,
and spoken with enthusiasm only of the
best. (Published by Charles Scrlbner's
Sons, New York. Price $1 25.)
.Henry S. FInck has written a book
which should find its way to the library
of every musician and every music lover.
Historically, as well as musically, it is In
teresting; for Mr. Finck begins with the
songs of savages and explains the origin
and development of each period of
music.
Songs and Song Writers.
The characters are the educated but
Harrow farmer class, and . though the
«tory is poor" Mr. Baskett shows skill In
picturing these people. Heis evidently a
close observer and lover of nature, and
he gives promise of a very good future, as
his style is simple, clear and refreshing.
(Published by the Macmillan Company,
London. Price $1 50.)
Their children are the cause of further
discord, and it is not until the nearly fatal
illness . of a grandchild that - the man
comes to his senses.
The story is rather poor and is one con
tinual quarrel between the hero and hero
ine. They disagree befbre their marriage
on religious questions, and efterward are
uncongenial because of petty Jealousies
and. on account of the woman being better
educated 'than the man.
"As the Light Led" is by James New
ton Baskett, author of "At You-Al}'s
House." - The title of this book is taken
from Newman's famous hymn, "Lead.
Kindly Light," but in this instance the
light led in uncertain and dubious ways. '
As the Light lied.
exploits on the sea rests upon a single
battle. Deeatur, in at least three of our
wars, was the hero of half a dozen
'adventurous undertakings, any one of
which .would have given a fair claim to
immortality. More than any other cap
tain of his time his name is cherished by
his countrymen, for he represented to a.
greater degree than any of his Contem
poraries those fine qualities which a par
dcnable national vanity inpllnes us to con
sider peculiarly American. (Published by
Small Maynard & Co., Boston. Price li
cents.)
is good. A f!rst glimpse at his book might
lca.a ii.c reader to believe there was a
There it c.nly one thing to be regretted
in "The Ar«onatit I/etters," recently pub
lished In book form Ly Jerome Hart. That
"one thhijj" wbJcn Is a cause of dlsap
rointmeiit is that there are not enough
of them. So pleasant is Mr. Hart's style.
ro Instructive his talks and to keenly ol>
ecrvant hns this traveler been that the
reader would fain r;o with him the whole
v.-orld ever and not bo limited by a mere
trip "r. cross the pond." nround the Medi
tcrrsnciii;, to Eg) pt and through a part of
Europe.
BU11, we must be content with what lit
tle hu pives. especially when that Httle
uriv^rsities as they new rank we are cer
tpJnly entitled to take as much pride as
eny Easterner ran in his? The "Stanford
Stories' published last Juno were excel
lent in their way and certainly des=ervtnir
cf success. Their appearance would nat
t:r?.lly lead people interested in euoh mat
ters to look for a similar effort on tha
part of Berkeley, for with the present
pleasant rivalry between the two institu
tions, we never expect anything to be
donf by one un!ess It be followed by an
attempt at something a littJe better on
the part of the other.
Berkeley is now la 'be field with "Un
der tho Berkeley Oaks— Stories by Stu
dents <-f the Dnhramtr of California."
Fortunately in This case we are not calle-l
upon to pronounce judgment as to which
of the two volumes is the best; but still
in readlr.e one it is nothing- more than
natural that comparisons with the other
should be constantly forcing themselves
into mind.
The "SiaTiford Stories"' represent the
efforts of Mr. Field collaborating with
Mr. Irwin. both of them, of course, beinj;
Stanford men. Their book Is devoted en
tirely to stories of college life and rc-
BtTicted to life at Stanford University,
which is the natural thing to be expected
in a work purportins to be of such a
character.
The one serious fault to be found with
•'UndT the Berkeley Oaks" Is that it is
sorely lacking in just this point. Only
three out cf ten of the stories which
pn to make up the contents of the book
are d» voted to coilece life.. All of the
Ftorics are written by college men or wo
lum, Inn. with the exception of the three
just mentioned, miglit as well be printed
in some magazine or under any other
tit'.e than that of "Under the Berkeley
Oaks." as far as appropriateness goes.
Messrs. Field and Irwin thought it nec
essary in tolling their stories to use a vo
cabulary freely Interspersed with slan?
expressions. In their zeal they very near
ly overdid the matter of "coHege flavor
an<1 atmosphere." -but still th!s was an
errir.K en the right side rather than th>
wrcrp. even at the risk of conveying a
false impression of that same "atmos
ph^rr" and startlir.f? niothers ir.to the be
lief that possibly too rruch beer and queer
expressions hovered t. the vicinity cf
Stanford's halls to make it just the prop
er seat of learning for young sons, it
may not be the correct star.d to take in
the matter, but we thu k that when peo
ple pick up the charmingly bound, blue
and gold volume of "Under thi
Berkeley Oaks." with its beautiful
halftone reproduction frontispiece of
"A Memory of Berkelev" from n
paintirc by William Keith. and
after recefviag the favorable Impression
which the prreral appearance of the vol
ume cor.vpys. turn in a perusal of its
r>apes. th<=>y will be disappointed. Xot that
the stories are not in themselves frood, for
as a matter of fact th«y are ouite inter
cstinc and better than average short sio
ries. but they are not tales cf college
life.
80, In considering th«» present volume
we must look upon it rather as a pleas
ent b^ok of stories collected from the
writings of Berkeley college folk and rest
xtith the hope that later some student of
the University of California may see fit
to pive us a volume devoted entirely to
college life. The editors of the present
work feel this point and explain it by
raying: "We have not chosen stories
dealing exclusively with college life, as
In so doing »c found we must lower the
Ftandard of the book as a whole, but the
efbff has selected stories which were
¦written while their authors were college
Ftudents, with reference solely to their
literary merit."
The object of publication is a very laud-
Bfclf one snd nsirje from the worth of the
bo^k Itself the editors are deserving of
every hf'.p from the public In return for
their efforts in such a good cause. We
quote from the preface of the volume:
•"The principal reason that these stories
have been gathered together and given to
the public is to start the fund wherewith
to erect a fountain on the campus of tho
University Df California to be in harmony
with the great Hearsi architectural plar..
This fountain is to be dedicated by a
grateful student body and alumni tu
Mrs. rbebo Hearst, in tok^n of their
hifih c-st'-em for her and in recognition of
all that her benevolence and personal in
terest has done for them."
The thrr-* stories devoted to matters
purely r-ollfgiate and therefore most appro
priate for first mention are: "Travis Hal
lett's Halfback.' 1 t>y Frank Norrls, 'S4;
"The Troud iJis and the 1-azy Student."
by J?.mes Hopper. ''.&: "The Confraternity
of the Holy Agony." by Harley M. I^pete.
'(¦1. Frank Norrls has made a name for
himself in th«« world cf letters and this
story of football, love and a narrow es
cape- from tragedy, written before hi?
recognized success, already shows the
power of a forceful writer.
Richard \V:dion Tully. *01, blossomed
forth la^t year as the author of a college
comedy. "James Wobberts." which played
a successful week in a local theater and
has since toured the State with a pro
fessional oast. Mr. Tully is represented
in the book by quite a creditable story on
the Archibald Claver-ing Gunter order
called "A Matter of Ftat<\ rt dealing with
the experiences of a college student who
finds himself suddenly entangled In a
Bouth American revolution and his vaca
tion turned from quiet rest to active hos
tilities.
"The Second C<JIti<vi." by Agr.e« Crary.
*D2, now Zirs. P. I... Weaver of Honolulu,
is a charming bit of work with Just an
intimation of a love affair to give it
dainty color. Another, which appeals to
the rcr.sos as <3oes a piece of delicate and
Lcauilful Dresden china, i? "The Little
Skid's Tragedr." by Mary Bell. '88. and
th's is protaMy the one which will be
r-cV.ed out by tV.c fair sex as "the best in
the book.**
Tho volume has very .appropriated:,' been
dedicated to Ivonjamir. Ide Wheeler and
Mrs. "Wheeler. (Published by A~M. Rob
erwen, Ea.n Francisco. Price JL)
tt OME tine last eeascn In reviewing
a book of college tales called
Gz^ "Sianford Stories" by C. K. Field
nnd \V. II. Irwin xre expressed the
hope that we s-hould soon be afforded the
pleasure of reading a work of similar
nature from the University of California.
Every one has some relative or friend
who is a college man or co-ed and from
them Is bound to imbibe the enthusiasm
that develops an. Interest in college life
and affairs. So it is that co'.'ete stories
are always acceptable. Books of thi*
kind published by eollece men in the East
are p°P"lar. so why should there not be
a field for them here, where in our two
MINNIE MADDEP.N FISKE is
coming to town.
She Is to bring us "Tess of the
d'Urbervllles" and "Becky
Sharp," and give us a chance to think
wjiat we please about them. This is more
than most of the big Eastern stars are
willing to do with their pet pieces, so we
are likely to show a vigorous gratitude.
Mrs Fiske has always been the most
stubborn of dramatic people; hence it is
that she comes unheralded by syndicate
trumpets. She has kept persistently on
In her own way and her talents belong
to nobody but herself. It took her a good
many years to convince New York that
she was an actress, as she bore no letter
of introduction to its favor signed by big
managerial names; but she convinced at
last.
The way she did It Is an instance of her
own stubbornness. She decided to play
Tess and 'people laughed in her face at
the idea. She. the wiry, intellectual
woman whose brain overbalanced: tho
thought of her as the warm, lovely, pas
sionate daughter of the soil, was prepos
terous.
She played the part. People forgot their
prejudice and flocked to see her.
M^S- Mintfe fi\adtyrr\ Ffsftg.
The role demands Intensity of emotion
and tragic depth. It is the tragedy of a
woman cast off by her husband when he
learns her sorry secret. The final under
standing and reconciliation are followed
close by Tess' unhappy death. Those who
have read the book remember her seeking
of refuge in the ancient ruin St.0neb.en3e.
This scene closes the play.
Last season when Mrs. Fiske followed
Becky Sharp's career critics split. Some
said she was she to the life — worldly,
selfish, fascinating; others complained
that she blunted the needle point of
Becky's wit and that the p'.ay version up
held her in the act. San Francisco, which
has always been either too wise or too
foolish to pay much heed to other cities'
opinions, will think -as she likes.
"The play is said to be picturesque In its
delineation of the highly colored and half
military society of "Vanity Fair's" period.
It depicts the scene of the ball at Brus
sels on the eve of the battle of "Waterloo.
It shows up the arts and artifices of Lon
don life.
Both of the plays are thoroughly uj> to
date in being dramatized novels. It Is
time for us to be dustlnsr the cobwebs
from our Thackeray and Hardy.
clever writer of child's stories and "Snow-
White" will be a creditable addition to
her 'work. (Published by Dana. Estes &
Co., Boston. .Price 50 cents.)
Literary Notes.
The Atlantic Monthly begins the twen
tieth century and its eighty-seventh vol
ume with the first of its series of articles
oh that remarkable movement of the last
thirty-five years— the reconstruction of
the Southern 'States. The first paper is
by Professor Woodrow Wilson of Prince
ton, who gives a broad outline of the try
ing epoch.
"The Religion of Democracy," by
Charles Ferguson, which was reviewed at
length in the Sunday Call of August 13
last, is being brought out in a new edi
tion by The Funk & Wagnalls Company,
New York. The book has received very
favorable notice from the critics, and the
present volume, with, its attractive bind
ing, should receive a hearty welcome from
Mr. Ferguson's readers who desire to pre
serve his work in a. permanent form.
Price per copy $L
The December number of the Political
Science Quarterly (Oinn & Co., Boston)
treats in a comprehensive manner several
questions bearing 1 on the present political
and economic situation. In the leading
article Edward Van Dyke Robinson
makes an exhaustive study of "War and
Economics," a subject of unusuaf inter
est, forcibly presented. The writer reviews
the great wars of history and discusses
each in its cause and effect relative to
existing economic conditions. "War to
day is not a conflict of arms, but of civ
ilizations, and is as permanent as hunger,
since both spring from the same source —
the law of diminishing returns. "With in
creasing population every nation must ex
pand or die." *
The report of the Storrs Agricultural
Experiment Station for 1899 has Just been
received. In addition to the report of the
director, Professor W. O. Atwater, which
gives a brief review of the work of the
station for the year, it contains " several
articles by the director and his associ
ates discussing certain departments of the
work in detail. Professor H. W. Conn
shows the importance of bringing the
dairy bacteria under a distinct classifica
tion, as is done in the case of water bac
teria, and describes a method of classifi
cation of dairy t>acteria which he has de
veloped and found of considerable con
venience In his own laboratory in the ex
periments- on the action of bacteria In
milk, cream and butter, carried on by him.
in behalf of the station. This classifica
tion Is proposed in the hope that it may
supply what Is exceedingly necessary— a
means whereby dairy bacteriologists may
compare epecie3 of bacteria in one local
ity with those in another— and thu3 be of
aid in simplifying the study of dairy bac
teria. The report will be sent free on ap
plicatlon to tne Agricultural Kxperiment
btatlon, Storrs, Conn.
The following is taken from an interest
ing article on "Sir John Tenniel's Fifty
Years on Punch," in the American Month
ly Review of Keviews for January:
"He was educated at a private school
and early developed a. taste for drawing
and painting, lie never studied art, how
ever, in any regular way,' but was self
taught, like most of our American car
toonists. While in the twenties he painted
some creditable pictures In oil, but hia
taste for Illustrating and for line work
drawing developed very early, and al
though he has long been a member of tha
Royal Institute ' of Painters in Water
Colors his real life-work Js to be found In
the files of Punch. At one time he drew
charming Illustrations for books and
Bhowed a decided aptitude for fairy pict
ures. He was the original Illustrator, for
Instance, of 'Alice la "Wonderland* and
Its eequel.
"Ho joined the staff of Punch to take
the place of Doyle, who was leaving tho
staff. Just at the end of 1S50. and after
some smaller and more Incidental blt» of
drawing his first Important political car
toon appeared in February. 1S51, on a pege
facing a cartoon by Leech.* hi* great pre
decessor and contemporary. John Leech
had been on the staff of Punch for nearly
nin© years when Tennlel Joined it. and
hi3 brilliant and- varied work continued
to enliven Us pages until his deatb. In
October, 1S64. when in hi» twenty-third
year on the staff of the paper. From the
death of Leech. John Tenniel. whose rep
utation was already well established,
came naturally into a still greater prom
inence.
"His political grasp Is wide and vigor
ous, and his cartoon work has always
been enriched by his familiarity wltn lit
erature, and especially with Shakespeare.
Thus he has been enabled, on occasions
almost innumerable, to apply a Shakes
pearean quotation to a current event In,
a manner exceedingly apt and felicitous.
"Since the invention of photo-mechani
cal methods of reproduction, the woTk of
most pen and ink draughtsmen is no
longer reproduced by wood engraving.
But Tennlel has to this day persisted in
his old-fashioned plan of makinar Ws
drawings directly on the boxwood blocks:
and for a great many years the engraving
has been done by the familiar hand of J.
Swain. Thus, in the right hand lower
corner of all Tennlel' s drawings appears
his familiar monograph which looks a lit
tle like a Chinese character; and in the
left • hand lower corner appears the
equally familiar 'Swain. Be* This
method gives the reproduced work a pe
culiar sharpness, and it also helps to
keep the artist faithful to his idea of
giving the highest possible value to the
fewest possible lines."
Books Received.
COSCERSISO CHILDREN'— Br ChartottB
Perkins (Stetson) Gilman. Small. Maynard &
Co.. Boston. $1 25.
THE DISCOVERT OF MTJSCOVT— Br Rich
ard Hakluyt. Casscll's National Library, N»w
York. In paper. 10 cents.
HISTORY OP PIII1OS0PHT— By Thomas
Hunter. M. A. American Book Company. New
York. Z3 cents.
HETSE'S AN'FANG UND ENDE— Edited by
Max I>ntz. American Book Company. New
York. 30 cents.
THE RELIGION OF DEMOCRACY— By
Charles Ferguson. Funk ft "WagnalT* Com
psjjy, New York, fL
RELIGIOUS MOVE1TENT3 FOR. SOCIAL
BETTERMENT— By Jostah Strong. Th» Baker
& Taylcr Co., New York. B0 cents.
NERVOUS BREAKDOWN— By Albert
Abrams. A. M-, M. £>. <He!d«lberr). F.R..
M.S. The H'ck*-Judd Company. San Francisco.
HEROD— A tragedy in three acts. By Stephen
Phillips. John Lane. New York. Jl 60.
AN AMERICAN ENGINEER IN CHINA—
By "William Barclay Parsons. McClure, Phil
lips & Co.. New York. $1 50.
The stories are told in modern slang and
have . an about-town twang. They are
snappy in action and easy in style. They
are tales of men and. for men. Such lines
as "San Francisco boins the worst ever
In 'ladling out the frapp© tr» the busted
also-rans"- would be Greek to many
¦women without a glossary. (Published by
Grosset & Dunlap, New York. Price
$125.) .
No. 3 next speculated In Henry Irving
seats and by the time he was through he
•was able to take his partner to Chicago.
The partner, once there, lifted his ais
gtilse and turned out to be the fairy
prince- millionaire who put No. 3 on his
staff as confidential man.
Ex-Tank No. 3, for Instance, tells the
(story of St. Paul awakening in a bug-ward
making friends with the next inmate and
forming a partnership to get home to Chi
cago. No. 3 visited a barber shop, ran
upon a man -who was "beeflng- to hia bar-'
ber about the lac,k of typewriting facili
ties around the hotel." No. 3 offered to
"dig up a machine somewhere" and write
the man's twenty, letters. He went to a
typewriter agency, and, "on pretext of
trying the different machines, ran off the
letters in an hour."
part of the world and the upshot is that
they live happy ever after.
The novel tells of the meeting of two
subliminal selfs In the theater. The
actress Is unconscious of tho Influence at
work upon her, and the suggcstlonist is
not conscious of exerting this power. He
becomes so interested in the play that
he unconsciously inspires the, heroine,
who makes genuine life out of her acting.
Miss Wentworth rises at once to the sum
mit of fame. Objectively the two do not
know each other, but * their subliminal
pelfs recognize each- other, and Marjorie
Wentworth searches for her inspircr.
Quackenbos thinks that the unintentional
hypnotism is very possible, and goes on
to say that much of the love that has a
spiritual side Is kindled in this way, and
that it is a common thing for a strong
subliminal attachment to spring up be-
hypnotic influence. He says the Incidents
of the story are in perfect harmony with
possibilities of hypnotic suggestion. The
soothing into a refreshing sleep of a. man
which causes a successful crisis in an
acute dlpease, the inspiration of an ac
tress by a man of strong personality, the
estrangement of the lovers caused by
Selwyn, who had unintentionally deflected
his rival's subliminal self from the per
pendicular of loyal attachment are all
possible to the hypnotist.
Quackenbos cf Columbia College con
siders the book of sufficient Importance to
preface it with a lengthy discourse upon
In "A Master of Life." Zola M. Boyle
has made the subject of hypnotism llguro
very prominently. It la a story written
to chow the- power of a hypnotist. The
writer Is an enthusiastic believer in hyp
notism, as a hoa!ii;g 'power In mental,
moral and physical Ills. As a story* tlie
bock is without merit Tho characters
are mere puppet3 introduced to present
in a more attractive form " this ' rather
gloomy subject.
A Master of Life.
So Richard carries off the girl. Intending
to marry her; but as ail the world known,
he was devoted more to war than to love,
and went on a crusade to the Holy Land
and married Queen Berengarla. For the
development of the romance and^ the story
of how the love of Richard and Jehane
fared, the reader muitt consult the book
itself. (Published by the Macmlllian Com
pany, New York. Price Jl.>
Jehane sends Richard away, paying:
"Ye?. Richard; yes, ray king; the king
must have the king's sister and Jehane
go back to the byre. Eagles do not mate
with buzzards." Then to escape Richard's
lov* she agrees to please her brother
and ir.arry a certain Sleur de Gurdon. An
the etood by the altar on the wedding
day Richard came Into the church and
this is what happened: "Not the lust
of the flesh but of dominion ravened In
him. This woman, this Jehane Saint Pol,
thl3 hot-haired slip of a girl was his.
The leopard had laid his paw upon her
shoulder, the mark was still there: he
could not suffer any other beast of the
forest to touch that which he had marked
for himself. • • • When Jehane touched
by Saint Pol on the shoulder shivered and
left staring, and stood up in turn, sway
ing a little and held out her thin hand;
when the priest had the ring on his book
and the two hands, the red and the white,
trembled to the touch— Richard rose from
his knee and stole softly forward with
his long, soft, crouching stride. *'.*,*
So softly he trod that the priest, ofd and
blcareyed as he was, saw him first. With
Jchane's hand in his own the priest
stopped and blinked. Richard had stopped
too, tense, quivering for the spring. • •,•
It was done in a flash. From his crouched
attitude he went as it seemed at one
bound.".
This is the way the heroine appeared
to a certain Abbot MIlo. who is supposed
to furnish the chronicles out of which the
narrative is compiled: "He watched her
shrewdly and hrs described her for us
with the meticulous particularity of his
time and temper. The iris of her eyes
was wet gray, but ringed with black and
thot with yellow, giving so the effect
of hot green; her mouth was of an ex
traordinary dark red color, very firm In
texture, close-grained like the darker sort
of strawberries." The Abbot says cf her:
"I knew Foon enough how her case stood;
how hope and doubt strove in her and
cheked to silence. 1 guessed how within
these reticent members swift love ran
like wine; but because of this proud,
brave mask of hers I was slow to un
derstand her worth."
"Richaid Yea' and Nay." by Maurice
Hewlett. Is a historical romance having
for hero Richard the Lion Hearted of
England, and dealing with % his love for
a certain Jehane Saint Pol. It Is a work
that has been commended by many crit
ics and therefore it Is one about which
there will be two opinions. The feature
of the story which will first strike the
reader is the style in which it is wrttten.
It is a style not readily described. It
has the short sentences in which Victor
Hugo delighted. It has the turgid mass
ing of heavy words Into which Carlyle
sometimes erred. It has archaic forms
such as might have been written in the
days when Richard was alive and English
had not yet become a language.
Of PJchard we are told lie was half
dog. half cat; a human leopard. The
description goes on: "Furtive he was' not,
yet seeming to crouch for ; ja spring; not
savage, yet primed for savagery: not
cru?l. yet quick on the and on
the watch for it. He was neither a rogue
nor a madman; and yet he was as cun
ning as the one and as heedless as the
Dthjr. He was arrogant, but his smile
veiled the fault; you saw it best in a.
fleepy look he had. His blemishes were
many, his weaknesses two. He trusted
his own force too much and despised
everybody else in the worl<i. Not that
he thought them knaves; he was certain
they were fools."
If you have to depend upon books, the
best one to hold your interest and impress
facts upon your mind is one by a person
who has seen with a trained eye. which
lets no detail escape, and who possesses
that rare faculty of being able to get
his thoughts on paper just as he would
talk to a friend. Such a book is Mr.
Hart's "Arfionaut Letters."
TJie fact that these letters were orally
dictated is probably one of the most im
portant reasons for their charm. In read
ins you do not feel confined to the re
striction of printed pages for your im
pressions, but rather as if you were at the
author's elbow and shared with him the
delights of his trip.
These letters first appeared in the
Argonaut of San Francisco and are fa
miliar to its readers, but they will prob
ablv now be glad to have the opportunity
of obtaining them In permanent form.
Borne sixty excellent half-tone reproduc
tions of photographs add greatly to the
text by way of illustration. The book is
well worth reading. If you cannot af
ford to buy it, borrow it from some one.
(Published" by Payot. Upham & Co.," San
Francisco, Price *.> q ££ti^
Richard Yea and May.
Of course, as far as seeing the world Is
concerned, the best way to So Is to go
yourself and see for yourself; * but
this Is not always possible, ow
ing to an unfortunate habit railway
and steamship companies ajid hotel peo
ple have of expecting remuneration for
services rendered. Failing in a personal
tour, the next best thing is to talk with
some friend who has been and seen. If
this Is not to be done then all you have
left Is to get your information from
books; unless you care nothing about any
thing: outside a radius of twenty miles
from home. Nearly all Americans, how
ever, have that pioneer blood in them
which develops curiosity concerning other
countries and other people and are seek
ers after information.
As a "word of explanation" this Is quite
acceptable, but as an apology unneces
sary—unless Mr. Hart wishes to apolo
gize for the very thins that Rives', life and
Interest to his work and places it far
above the dry material usually offered as
"books of travel."
great deal, for It Includes over 400 pages;
but then Victor Hugo's "Lea Miserables"
looks like a whole library until you have
read It and after that you are sorry it was
not longer.
In a prefatory note Mr. Hart offers this
apology:
"A word of explanation and apology
may not be amiss here. These sketches
were written in the little leisure that
travel affords— sometimes on a steamer,
often on a train. Therefore profound and
matured thought may scarcely be looked
for in them. They were orally dictated,
hence their familiar and colloquial tone."
THE SUNDAY CALti
Mrs, Fiske. at the California Theater. '
Ovid ? s Selected Works.
¦ .An, attractive edition of Ovid's selected
works, edited by Frank J. Miller, Ph. D.,
professor of '.Latin. University nf Chicago,
has -just been published. Its appearance
Is opportune, now that teachers In sec
ondary schools n re tlllve to tho need of
an easier and more Interesting text for
supplementary ..rapld.'.rearlins. Neverthe
less It will also bo welcomed by advanced
students. Instead of the ordinary, unsat
isfactory edition' of selections, selections
are given There" from the different- works
of the poet; with an analysis In English,
and with all 'omitted parts given in epit
ome, each In- its proper place*' The stu
dent will therefore be ahle to, connect the
long array of stories as written by tho
poet. The notea, give abundant assistance
in the translation nnd syntax of difficult
passages, with : much historical and j arch
aeological Information. The vocabulary
and Illustrations have been selected par
ticularly for this edition. (Published by
the American Book Company, New York.
Stephen Decatur.
In a recent Issue of the. series of -"Bea
con Biographies: of Eminent Americans"
Cyrus, Townsend. Brady has told in an
admirable way tho story of | Stephen De
catur, one of America's greatest naval
heroes.. To, use tho words of Mr. , Brady
in his preface, Stephen "Deeatur was the
most conspicuous figure'in' the. naval his
tory .or tho United States for the hundred
years between Paul Jones and Farragut.
While the fame of most of the 1 early
naval captains ,who shpd such imperish
able lu«*s.v upon American axms by their
succeeded in obtaining a professor
ship in his ov/n university, from
which he progressed to a" similar posi
tion in Bethany College, .West Vir
ginia.
It was not until 1884 that Mr. Al
len decided to give up pedagogics for
the hazardous life of a writer, and
¦went Ui Ifrsw York. His stories which
appeared in ths magazines have been
collected and published in book form
under the title of "Flute and Violin.*'
His books "A Summer in Arcady"
r.nd "The Blua Grars Region of Ken
tucky" have enjoyed some popular
ity, but nothing as compared with
that of "The Choir Invisible" or hii
later works, f'A Kentucky Cardinal"
end "Aftermath," or the volume
which appeared lest ysar, "ThaSeign
of Law."
During the holiday fceason Tha
Macrr.illan Company published a very
beautiful edition of ."A Kentucky
Cardinal," and in the same volume is
"Aftermath," the sequel" of this pret
ty story. '
In "A Kentucky Cardinal" the au
thor shows hi3 close communion and
sympathy with nature and the simple
life of his home is exquisitely de
scribed.
The present edition has tern revise!
and a new preface appears, as well
ss a hundred or more charming illus
trations by Hugh Thomson. (Price,
$2 50.)
J^MSS U$N£ AUSN-
4
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHATvases of royal Worcester, a gift to Presi
dent Arthur. These are finely colored,
and each is prettily, decorated with a"
draped female figure.
DlWctly over the fireplace Is a large
and handsome plaque of old Vienna ware,
around whose edge 1 (a distinguishing mark
of this ware) runs an exquisite border,
wrought In gilt.
The burnished andirons, which date
from the time of Washington, ar© of curi
ous antique design.
Between the windows are a ciock and a ¦
pair of alabaster and gilt vases, pur
chased by President Van Buren •• for the
White House,
• A ¦ highly ; ornate basin and coyer, in
black ¦ repousse, on n * gilt r ground, i which
stands on a small. table, were, strangely '
enough,- rescued f rom ; a ; garret by?Mrs. : ' .
Grant during her husband's . first' term.
Their, origin is unknown. .. . .,.. '; •...'.. 4 ;
, ¦ •..¦¦-..
Another relic of the Grant regime is fa
screen which formed! part of the Austrian
exhibits ; of old- gobelin tapestries ini'tha \
Centennial Exposition at' Philadelphia,
and ; was : subsequently presented by, Aus-
the vases, ana thoroughly representative
of the beattty . and - delicacy of the best
seventeenth century ..work. Their bas
relief designs represent scenes In the
earlier history of France.
On the other: side of the room are the*
huge vases which" ; President Faure,
shortly before his' death, sent to. Presi
dent McKinley-7-a' graceful gift from one
republican chief to; another. These, are
of royal Sevres blue, overlying a. white
ground. A touch of gilt on the handles
is the sole ornamentation.'
Another White House gift from, the
French Government Is • a large steel
shield. ; placed in the hall leading to the
President's office, whereon Adam \ and
Eve are depicted In "the Garden of 'Eden,'
to President JeHerson. ana by the secona
Napoleon (wbo called himself the third)
to President Pierce.
From France, republican and royal, a.,
well as imperial France, the larger num
ber of these gifts have come.
The Red Room Is especially full of sou
venirs. Chief among these are a pair of
red vases sent by Xapoleon III to Frank
lin Pierce. The ground is of the soft pink
tint (now, it would seem, almost impos
sible of reproduction) which is peculiar to
old Sevres. On one of them, painted with
dainty art. Is Charlotte Corday receiving
tfce sentence of the tribunal for her mur
der of Marat: on the other, Marie An
toinette in the presence of Robespierre.
On the chimney piece in the same room
are the candelabra presented by the first
Xapoleon to President Jefferson. The pe
destal of each is adorned with shields,
helmets and other pieces of armor in bas
relief. It supports a ball, which In turn
supports a female figure, \hos3 hands
uplift a circlet of five candle-holders. Be
neath the chimney piece and arranged on
each side of the chimney are two larsa
Clocks and vases are all of solid
bronze gilt. The former Is three feet
long. It is surmounted by a female fig
ure In a sitting posture, wearing a Phry
gian cap, symbolical of liberty and the
Jfre.ttLil-IiS.YQlUilo.a, lilLSfid slender are
The mantelpiece of the Blue Room is
decorated with the i cI6ck presented to
Washington by Lafayette, and always
known as the Lafayette clock, and- the
companion vases which the First French
Republic sent to the first President of the
first republic of the New World. . . *
In the next room are a charmingly ugly
lacquer • cabinet; a gift by the Chinese
Government to President Grant, and" a
pair of bronze gilt candelabra, supposed
to have been bought for the . White
House by Van.Buren, which acquire' a
sentimental Interest from the fact that
they v.-ere used at • the Cleveland wed
ding—the only ceremony of this sort
which any President celebrated with him
self as groom within the precincts of the
Executive Mansion.
f .rla to Mrs. Grant. The rich and mellow
coloring- set in a gilt frame gives, the
whole the air of an. old painting. .-. ' •
' The Duomo -at Florence was commenced
by'Arnulfo In the year 12W. the last block
of marble being phieed in position in the
facade in the presence of the King on
May 12, 1SS7, a period of 533 years.— Strange
. Milan Cathedral was begun in 13S6 and
finished Under Napoleon in 1SC5— 419 years.
* Restonnel castle, In Cornwall, took
ninety years to build, *of which period
exactly one-third was occupied In exca
vating the ' foundations. The solid rock
upon which it stands is almost as bard"
as iron. Indeed, ••Rtstormel" means, in^
Cornish, "the palace of the iron rock."
..For over twenty years Lord Bute has
been busily building a great, mansion on
the island of that name. It Is not yet
completed, nor likely to be for another
ten years. At the end of that period
Mount Stewart, as the place Is to be
called, will be one of the most gorgeous
establishments in the world.
Only a few miles distant, on the same
main road, is the vast, unfinished . palaco
of, the dukes of Athol. It was begun by
the fourth j Duke,- who died In 1S30, who
planned It on the most sumptuous style.
When completed it will be one of th-3
finest private residences in the kingdom.
Between Perth and Kingussie. In Scot
land, on the direct Jb*in o" Groats to
Lands End road, stands llurthley castle,
a magnificent Elizabethan structure, de
signed In the- early part of the present
century. It la not Kkely to be* finished,
however, building experts declare, for at
least another decade.
On his twenty-fifth birthday he waa
thrown into prison by the son of the man
whose skull lay In the earth as Klngs
goberg's foundation stone. In this inan-
Eer, master after master of Klngsgo
erg was stopped putting another stona
toward the completion of tb^ founder's
work till civilization Intervened.
a aj? ff HILE the first stone of the Co
\y( If logne Catliedral was laid on
\V\// August IS, 124S. and the body of
the edifice was not opened until
August 15. 1S48, 600 years later to the very
day. it was not. however, until August
15, tf&O, that the splendid structure was
finally reported completed, having thus
occupied in building the record time of
exactly. 632 years.
The castle of Kingsgoberg. which stands
at the southern extremity of Jutland* took
204 years from the laying of the founda
tion stone to the rigginjj of Its master's
banner on its highest flsg3taff. Its foun
dation stcne was the skull of Us builder's
bitterest enemy. Three months after Ha
laying Count Jhoraing. the builder of th«
castle, was killed. His son was then in
swaddling clothes. He did not continue
his father's work until aged 21.
An Interesting meraorlal of the present
administration lies on the library table.
This is the McKInley family Bible, mora
than ICO years old, wherein the Scotch-
Irish genealogy of the President la traced
to its trans-Atlantic origin.
IT TOOK HUNDREDS
OF YEARS
TO BUILD THESE.
There la one piece of furniture in. the
White House which, though no regal as
sociations attach to It, has always been a
great favorite with visitors. This Is a
bookcase made from the timbers of tha
famous old frigate the Constitution, the
"Old Ironsides" of Oliver Wendell
Holmes' poem, which, under successive
commanders, but notably under Commo
dore Charles Stewart, grandfather of
Charles Stewart Parnell. taught Great
Britain that at last she had met her mas
ter on the sea#
Thl3 bookcase has been In the Whita
House for now some eighty years.
purroun'led by angels, who. In the ab~
eence of the snake, wear an expresslQn
of Ineffable joy and triumph and enjpha
slze their emotions by Joyous gesture.
"It is a commen thing for writers to
locate well-known streets, parks, art
raHcrics and monuments In the wrong
cities, and they make' the sun rise and
set at a.11 points of the compass. We
had to delay a book for a whole season
or.c<? because the author located the Wind
ward Islands off the coast of South Caro
lina, and then went away to Japan before
anybody discovered the mistake. To
make the correction Involved changing
the whole action cf the story, which, of
course, nobody - <la.red - to" do."— New Or
leans Times-Democrat.
"Another writer, for whom we got out
a story, made one of his characters
'empty his revolver* at a retreating bur
glar, and a moment later Vent two buJ
lets crashing through a window' to show
a rival how quick he was on the trigger.
I called his attention to the inexhaustible
pistol and lie never spoke to me after
ward. In an earlier novel by the same
man you will find reference to the hero's
'dark, smooth-shaven face." and on th«
very next page he is "twirling his mus
tache.' I noticed It In the proof, but re
rnerr.hered my experience with the woman
and let it *ro. ¦ «. • •
mOST authors are furious at the
bare suggestion of 'editing' their
manuscripts," said a man who
used to be a reador in a bis pub
lishing house, "but you would be " sur
prised at the ludicrous blunders made by
the best of them. When a writer Is ac
cessible the u?ual plan Is to mark the
•bad breaks* on the proof pUp 3 and send
them to him with a discreet note request-
Ing a correct ion ."but when a house is get
ting out a book in a hurry or when the au
thor Is abrcad. this Is often impossible,
and then the situation becomes very tick
lish.
"I remember, for Instance. I was once
reading the proofs of a novel by one of
our best known and- crankiest women
writers. She was away on a visit to
Mexico, and had left strict orders to
•follow copy* to- the letter. In one of
her early chapters the hero wa! shaving
himself after a long hunting trip, and
was exactly half through when Inter
rupted by the sudden arrival of the vil
lain. A stormy 5-cere followed, and
eventually all hands adjourned to a fash
ionable ball. The authoress evidently
forgot that her man was still half shaved,
and I took the liberty of finishing the Job.
When the saw the/ book phe was very
enpry because I hud Interpolated eight or
nine words, and I ,swore I would never
ajrain p!ay the barber to save anybody's*
reputation.
AUTHORS THE WORST
CRANKS
IN THE WIDE WORLD.
They are reminiscent not only of living
great ones but of dead great ones, and not
only of dead great ones but of dynasties
dead and gone. Bonaparte? and Iiona
r>artif=m have alike disappeared! but the
imperial bees and eagles are still blazoned
on the gifts made by the first Xapoleon
FIN DE FIE<"LE surprises nave
reached the White House With
the close of the year an Inventory
of tbo furniture and decorations in
the President's mansion has revealed an
astonishing r.umber ht souver.irs — curious,
5nu-r^:-ting and valuable — which link our
chief magistrate with the imperial, royal
find civil heads of foreign governments.
For thrse are presents. Some were given
»o the President as President, some to the
President as an individual. The individual,
in the latter case, has either left them
behind or ir.formallv presented them to
the nation. AU are now heirlooms of the
White House. As such, lawyers, in their
quaint and witty way, would class them
as real estate.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
STORIED TREASURES
OF THE WHITE HOUSE"Gentlemen, comrades, I have work to
do that makes this precaution needful.
When it is fim?hed I will come back to
you, and. so far as in mo lies, prepare
the way for the civilization and happiness
of -Platts Valley, tl.e Gulch, the Ridge,
and Blind Man's Drift by dwelling
among you as a woman, and encouraging
others to help me make yncr camps a
united city of pleasant homes."
"It is a great mlFsicn," said Captain
Dan, solemnly. "And. by the remem
brance of our mothers, we'll help you to
realize It."
"And, by thunder, we all say 'Amen! 1
to that!" came clear and strong from one
man, and he. of all others. Jumper Bill.
Whereupon the entire crowd, dotting their
hats, repeated his indorsement of the
Captain's vow. "And by thunder, we all
Bay "Amen!" to that!"
The next day came a telegram, an
nouncing the arrival of Mr. Hildyurd at
Denver, on his way to the Gulch, to In
terview Dankes in relation to the will of
Edwin Glover, which made Zelia all the
more anxious to get away. It further
more stimulated Dankes to lay before her
the exact state of their partnership,
which, from a monetary point of view
only made the death of Glover all the
more Bad eeeinc that It Justified tho op
timism of his forecast of the future
"You'll keep the room* for me as it Is?"
she said to Dankes.
>- Ef you wouldn't like me to Improve
upon 1L Might give It a settin'-roora and
a kitchen and a separate entrance, it
cculd easily be done, and even a cupoler
Jixed up. , What I was thenkin" was for
me to go down Into the Valley— It'll be
clveriized now— and give the cabin a an
nex as would be flttln 1 for yer, sence you
says you'll come back as a woman an.l
put the hull Valley to rights. ¦> And I kin
help you in thet. I know & man as would
The leading men in the camp accomna
r.icd Zella to the srulch. She leaned upon
Captain Dans arm. He Insisted. His
comrades formed themselves into an es
cort, a guard of honor. Dave, however
vent first. Jim followed at his heels"
JCobody knew where Jim had come from*
The Eim had sot; the moon had risen. The
cfort never ppoke a word. Captain Dan
rr»».de an occasional passing remark.
Xtila replied with a. brief "Ves n or "\'o "'
or ""I thank you."
Dankes was not at home. The truth Is
he had called at the Valley Immediately
after ZeJal had i=et forth, with her escort,
for the csJb'.n. lie had hcaid the marvel
ous story from JagRers and I»ete iver
ridge. It seemed to ftun him at first. But
he lent a hand to the removal of the l»ody
of Abr.or Dlgges, and did not hesitate to
cay that he was glad the ruffian was
dead: the world would be the better for
It and Plans Valley the happier.
Arrived at the cabin, Zella said: "Gen
tlemen, excuse me one moment." Sh«j en
tered her rooai. took off Captain Dan's
jacket and put on her long overcoat. Re
turning to the open door she said, "Cap
tain Dan, I thank you for the loan of
your jacket." and handed It to him,
lie srave Zella a formal bow as he took
it, remarking-, with a smile, "Tou have
conferred on my Jacket an honah that
makes It sacred; I will keep It as a relic."
And he slung it across his arm.
"Gentlemen." paid Zel|a, "I have de
ceived you. but In what, I believe, was a
ilghteous cause."
"That goes." paid several voices, pitched
In a l»w «.nd reverent key.
"My father was a soldier. I was brought
¦up to understand the use of arms. In
FOR LONDON
ZELLA LEA.VES PBUDEKTS GULCH
CHAPTER XXXVIIL
"Uon't raind us, my dear," said Captain
t>an. wrapping tils preat jacket about her
shoulders an<i hiding the ragged 6hirt th«
dying man had torn as his clutch loosened
upon her collar. "We're your slaves; and
ve know that yo" are an a.ng-eL"
"Give mo air, dear friends." she 6ald
rp^aking with difficulty.
Tiny stood away from her, all except
the captain and Dave.
"I VLH.S to have been Xed Glover's wife!"
ehe £aid.
And every man doffed Ills cap and said"
"liy '"
Af he pitched forward, his weapon fall
ing from his left hand, he clutched at her
throat with his rijjht; but only caught the
front of her shirt, which pave in shreds
as he roiled over in the sharp agony of
death.
Struggling to her feet, but still gripping
her knife that was fast on h*>r wrist, Zella
dragged It from the wound, and as the
blood came pushing forth she uttered a
piercing scream and fell fainting.
"A woman! By '." exclaimed the
Southerner, catching- her in his arms.
She came to almost Immediately; but
Hut before the miracle of her sex had
been reveal<«d in a. fair white bosom.
GETTING her, as he thoug-ht. at a
disadvantage as regarded light, the
fcun almost In htr eyes, he flung nis
knife into his left hand and rushed
upon her with a shout like the roar of a
ivild beast. She stepped aside, as if to do
to was the simplest and easiest thing hi
the world, and buried her knife In hla
heart.
CHAPTER XXXVII-Continued-
Copyright, 1900. by Joseph Hatton.
In a fr'.f-r.CIy moment Dlgges ehows Zella
fcls dueling tricks with the knife. Ehe after
ward wins hi* knife from him In a poker
came. l^atc-r :n & boxing bout she punishes
him bo sevcre!y that he loses bis temper and
forces a duel upon her. They fight with
halve*.
Under the name of Philip Grey fhe makes a
friend of Solomon Pank«« and lives la his
cal«n. Ehe meets Digges and proceeds to win
} .-•> confidence.
r>iB-pf>s Ftabs Glover to the heart. As soon as
Zel'a recovers from the Fhock of this netvs. ehe
pretends to leave for a trip to Europe, but In
reaJitj- dons male attire and eets out for the
l>rift to event* her lover's death.
GJover end his partner, Solomon Dankes, at
tend a celebration at the drift. Dlgges Inten
tional!}- insults Glover end challenges him to a
duel with bowie-kr.ives.
Dexter bribe* a woman to say that she Is the
fleEerted wife of Ned Glover, but this schema
falls through owing to the shrewdness of Mrs.
O'Hagan. Zella's friend. Glover writes eacour
aging lettrra Jrom the mining camp. Zella re
el^r.s her i.osliion in Dexter's office.
Jo* Williams warns Glover about the Inten
tions of IVxter. but without avail, for he eet*
cut for the mines. Dexter bints at love to
Zella, but is repulsed.
Glover accepts a mlnln* Interest from Dexter
which will take him to Colorado for eever&l
months. He ho 4 >es to make a fortune and then
return to marry the willing Zella. Dexter, how
ever, makes an arrangement witto Dieses by
which he intends to have Glover killed as eooa
es he reaches the mines.
Synopsis.
fTTXHJk BnUNNEN. a Dratwr cf the Chtewfo
Z. Women" « Athletic C!ub and typewriter to
Kiram Dexter, millionaire. Is Insulted on her
¦way hcrr.e by a ruffianly miner. Abner DlBpe*.
Ned Glover, an Eryrli^hir.an and writer for the
Paily Mail. Interfere*. Dipjres draws a knife
End lunpes at Glover, but is knocked down by a
Mow from Zella. Joe Williams, a detective,
arrffts Dirges, but his cape Is dismissed with
a !:(rht sentence. Piitpes ewears vengeance on
Glover. Ames Storey, proprietor and editor cf
the Daily Mail, !s a personal friend of Hiram
J'w»xter. Storey per.ds Glover to R-et «n article
on the life cf the millionaire. Dexter takea a
fancy to the young: man and proposes to give
him aa interest in ecae mir.ini? ventures. Glo
ver finds that he is llvinr above hl» meaxs. and
upon mentioning the latter to Storey is advised
to take a room at a certain boarding-house,
which turns out to be the same one where Z»lla
Krunr.ea lives. He there meets the drl who
faved fcls life and whom he has 6OUKht for In
vain. It ie a case of love at ftm sight. Hiram
IVxter's pood feellr.g for Glover changes to
hate » hen he finds that the youns man is vlr
tua'Iy the accepted lover of Zella; for the mil
lionaire, in t4lte of fcls age. wishes to make her
Ids »lfe.
Who shall fathom 'he mind of woman?
Zella had peen so much of the rough and
disagreeable side of men's lives beyond
the borders of civilization that < sho felt
curious to note what, change there might
be under the Influence, of polite society.
Moreover, she had come to like herself as
Philip Grey. If the shadow of her great
loss had not fallen upon her spirits there
is no knowing how she might have re
ceived the more than significant atten
tions of a very prettv woman at the
"Windsor, in New York, where sho had
stayed two days as Phliip Grey, while Bho
had. rooms at tho Gllsey House as Zella
Brunnen.
It was from the Gllsey House that she
had wired her Chicago friends of her de
parture for Liverpool. Nor was she an
hour too early in doing so; for the latest
telegrams' and letters t?he found awaiting
here there declared the intention of Old
Glcnco« and Mr. Storey both to look her'
up. She had kept them contented with a
letter written on board the train, posted
in New Xork by the colored attendant.
in which she had stated her intention of
spending a week or so with her. relatives,
the Gruneisons, who had a place on the
Hudson.
One thins: that afflicted Zella. a good
deal was the amount;of diplomatic 'lylnt?
she had found necessary to play .her part
of Philip Grey successfully. She satisfied
It seemed to her that she had had no
real rest for years and years; yet the
time she had pallled forth from Chicago.' a
missionary of justice, could be counted by
months only. . . . She thought of
many things and realised, without quite
understanding why, that she had found
the loss of her lover less, and less hard to
bear. Occupation is the. surest, antidote
to sorrow. It is not how many years we
live that makes age, but how much wo
do In tho time.
Coming en board at the last moment,
ph«» had gone straight to her room, which
had been transferred from Zella Brunnen
to Phillip Grey. . . . She had taken
the cabin in the name of Zella. Brunnen,
with the understanding that Phillip
pnould occupy it in case Miss Brunnen
had to delay her journey until the next
sailing. It was in that way that Miss
Brunnon's name came to be inserted on
the list of passengers. ... As Phil
lip Grey, sne saw the steward and made
arrangements with him that he was never
to; disturb her under any circumstances;
that she required a great deal of rest;
would go down to meal3 or have them
brought to her. as she felt Inclined; that,
whether ehe appeared at table or desired
to be served in her room was a matter
for herself; that lie was to leave her se
verely alone, unless she rang for him;
that If these arrangements were carefully
fulfilled there would be ten dollars for him
at the end of the voyage; and that thero
were live dollars for him now, to keep his
memory fresh. "All right, sir," ho had
Bald; "I won't never disturb you." . . .
Then she unpacked her cabin luggage
and got Into her berth. She had not to
climb Into it as she had had to do at
Blind Man's Drift; and there were other
soothing 'differences, such as clean sheets,
perfumed with eau de cologne, close at
her elbow an electric lamp, and within
reach a bell to summon a good fairy in
the shape of her steward, commanding
every luxury that human ingenuity could
think of for first class passengers on an
acean steamer.
From the storm and stress of a wild ex
perience ashore to the calm of a pleasant
deck cabin on board a Cunard liner; what
a change! It seemed to Zella years since
slio had waved her I-and to dear old
Dankes and his comrades at the Red
Horse Forks, though It was less than two
weeks. . . . She hardly knew her
self, a .4 she lay. pillowed, watching the
sea through the port holes, between the
passing of passengers and sailors going
to and fro, and listening to the steady
beat of tbe distant screw.
STRANGE MEETING
ON BOARD AN ATLANTIC LINER; A
CHAPTER XXXIX.
Three days later, with a mule. team spe
cially fitted out ar.d with, as attendant
pquirr-s Dankes. Dave. Captain Dan and
Pete Kerridere (as representing the three
camps). Philip Grey arrived at the Red
Horse Forks, where the guard and driver
of the stage for Carson city had never
In all hi? experience seen such a friendly
and at the same time regretful send-off
as the Platts Valley men gave to his
young and handsome passenger.
"Which I remember put tin' you down
here, not more'n sixty days, youngster.
Hope you've etruck It rich."
"You bet!" paid Captain Dan. "No such
a lead's been struck since the glorious
days of '49 in Frisco."
"Then 1 wish you all a good time, gen
tlemen," said the- popular whip of the
famous conch; and, aroused with a se
ries of reports of the lnsh that echoed
among tho hills, the Carson team leaped
forward and soon left Dankes and" hts
companions gazing upon a cloud of dust,
in which the romantic heroine of Platts
Valley disappeared.
She placed the bills where she had told
Dave he would find them. Ana Solomon
paid neither he nor Dave was ever likely
to forget her for a minute, wherever they
might be; and as for Dave, his fortune
was made when he. being an orphan,
flung in his lot with an old bachelor, who,
in his way, was just as lonely in the
world.
"Then you have only to draw upon rrte
at Denver or Chicago, or New York, or
Lun'un. and Solomon Dankes, at the Na
tional Bank. Denver, will be good for it.
And you'll do him the honor and yourself
the justice to begin right here."
He opened his rough little desk and took
out writing implements and a book, from
which he tore two blank checks and
signed them.
"No. no." sold Zella. tearing them up;
"I would not run the risk of losing them.
Give me a few bills and a signed check
for $">000 on Denver, and I shall have all I
want."
Dankes compiled, and thereupon Zella
made up a little packet for Dave.
"1 am leaving a parting remembrance
for Dave. Some day you are going to
tr.ke him to San Franrlaco. and I want
him to think of me in the beautiful city
of the Golden Gate."
"But you require a few thousand dollars
in hand, eh? How much? Won't you
open Glover's chest?"
"I would rather not."
"There ain't nawthin' ag'en you in nay
ther character. But excuse me ef I re
fers to what my dear pard called filthy
luker. Thar's certain values of gold in
his chest.; as I've named to you more'n
wunst: what about It? What was Glo
ver's is your'n. not only in accordance
with his will but in any reckonin' with
me as his lftwful ppard."
"Thank you. dear old Generosity. I
p.m glad vou mentioned It. I have some
money lying in the bank at Denver."
"if you might desire to send me a ca
ble, please address it to Zella Brunnen,
care of Straker, Love and Lorrimer, Bed
ford row, London, England. I have writ
ten it down for you and pinned it up by
the side "of the portrait in Ned GloveFs
room. Let It always be called Ned (plo
ver's room."
"That goes. And It's kinder sweet of
you to leave the plcter."
"I hope it won't stand as a rebuke to
Philip Grey?"
"I might want you, supposing this af
fair of DlggVs leaked out before it should
be convenient to my plans."
"It won't leak out." said Dankes. "But
ef it did, or of It didn't Solomon Dankes
is your pard and friend to the death, as
they says in the histories."
"You don't mean to pfiy you would come
all the way to London If I happened to
think I wanted your assistance about
anything?"
"I'd be on hand as fast as things would
carry me," said Dankes.
"Not that I put It down as 'a foregone
conclusion,' as Ned Glover, would have
said; but, sence it agrees with your own
idea, havin' slept on it. why, let it go, and
God speed!"
"So be it!" said Zella, with spirit and
decision, v .
"And ef you want me in Europe a cable
would fetch me,V he added.
be wlllin' to build a proper hotel, and his
wife and gals would come along. And
ther' ain't no reason as we shouldn't com
bine the hull of the camps In one, and
call it Brunnentown."
"You dear qld romancer," said Zella.
"Whatever you do while I am away goes.
Extend the cabin, by all means; but don't
touch Mr. Glover's room. •It-.was Ned's
wish that I should see Kurope. It- is the
wish of his dearest friend. Mr. Richard
Lorrimer. that I should meet him. As
Ned's lawyer, it is also necessary that
I should consult him: and since I have
put my hand to the plough as Philip
Grey, I will walk in the same, as you
advise." ' v-"
There was a titter, almost a laugh, at
Captain Dan's apology. It was, however,
Immediately suppressed.
Chicago I was one of the favorite mem
bers of the Women's Athletic Club. I
was going home one night and I was in
tuited by Abner Digges. Fresh from my
j'.thletic exercises. 1 hit him in the face,
as I have done since In your presence
with the gloves."
"And served him right, sah— beg par
don. m!ss'." B&ld Captain Dan.
"Ned Glover was at hand, but I did
not need his assistance. He and Ned
Glover met. Digges threatened to kill
him. I was engaged to be married to
Glover. When the news of his death
came to Chicago, I was heart-broken.
Finding that no one would move in the
interests of justice, that he had been
Plain in a duel that was deemed fair in
a community that made Its own laws, I
recalled the threats of Digges, and I
gathered from such information as came
to hard that Dlgges had as good as mur
dered him."
"Yo' had a right to think so; but it was
n pquah deal, eo far as anything could
he equah with Digges," said Captain
Dan.
"That's po," w«s the general response;
"so far as anythin' could be squar' wilh
Dipges."
"So, then, gentlemen. I resolved to take
the business in hand myself. It was borne
In upon me that my very training fitted
me for the adventure. I remembered the
t-tory cf David and Goliath, and I set out,
a& a man, to do a man's work."
"And by thunder, you done it!" was
the quick reply of the escort, with the ap
proval of Captain Dan, Dave standing by,
a keen but silent witness, Jim crouching
nt his feet, awed by so remarkable an
assembly on the stoop of the cabin, and
Solomon Dankes very notable by his ab
sence.
"And if I have offended any of you,
by taking upon myself to pretend I was
a man among vou. I ask your pardon;
and at the same time I thank you from
my- heart for your great kindness."
"We are proud, sah — J mean, miss — to
have entertained an angel unawahs.
Boys, we will now say 'Good evening,' and
It wiil be our pleashah to call again to
morrow, and place ourselves at Mister
PhMip Grey"s service."
"That's so'." they said; and "Good even
ing. Mister Grey.'*
"One more word." said Zella, "Let what
has occurred to-day be kept as a secret
of the camp."
"As you say, bo shall it be."
Then they trooped away, down the trail,
in the last glories of the sunset. Zella
watched them depart, leaning against
the lintel of the doorway.
"I've made some coffee," said Dave,
touching her arm; "and ther's some meat
and a jar of honey."
Jim ran in 'and out of the cabin, and
then dashed down the trail to greet Solo
mca Dankes, who came lumbering
through the fading light, a veritable pic
ture of a lusty old age.
"Dear friend," said Zella, "do you for
give me?"
"I guess your success Justifies the
means." said Dankes. "Gimme your
hand."
He raised it to his lips; at which Zella
blushed.
"Nay, dear pard; let me still be Philip
Grey. "
"You are not the less my pard. I hope.
p.s my dear Ned's affianced, and won't
have "less respect at my hands."
"Come in, then," she said, "while I
wash."
Dankes was smoking when she entered
the general room
Solomon went Into the cabin and shut
the door. Zella. taking towels from a box
r-ereath the bench, and injuring out a
bowl of water from a large wooden jug,
proceeded to make her toilet. She fin
ished the operation In her own room,
doubting for a moment whether she
Fhculd unlock her large box and don her
petticoats. She decided to maintain her
chiracter as Philip Grey: and consult
•with Dankes as to her movements on tho
"Won't you eat?" paid Zella.
"I guess not," said Dankes. "I won't re
fuse a cup of coffee."
"Dave seemed to think I must both eat
an<~" drink," Bald Zella.
"Hut you ain't eatln' much?"
"I am not 1-ungry
"You done a great thing. You have lift
ed a weight from the heart of this people.
You have, as you told them, been an in
strument of vengeance."
Dankes smoked nnd talked In th's vein
to himself and to Zella until she pushed
the table aside and moved her chair near
him by tha «=tove. Though the night was
waim. the lighted etove continued to ba
a genlil companion.
"You're a woman In a million." slid
Dankes, "lik» one of them In the Bible "
"No. no. d<ar friend; much below that
ttpr.drsrd. Let me tell- vou something of
mypflf before tbe «J-»y when you held out
your k'.ndly hand to me."
She related to him in Dimple language
the story of her childhood up to the time
of her meeting with Ned Glover, on the
iin^f- of her few remarks to Captain Dan
tnr! the rest.
The old man listened with prave atten
tion, remarking at the close of her narra
tive. "You are a wonder!"
"Now, I want to ask you what I shall
do. What I Intend to do. In the first place,
is to leave here fcr Europe right away.
Itut the question is. how Kha'l'I go? As
Phi'.ip Gr^y or as Zella Brunnen?"
"Ef you go as Zella Brunnen there may
be trouhle In store; and ef you go as
Philip Grey there may be trouble, like
wise. Sence you've got used ter belli*
Mister Grey, and have come through so
much, rf I felt more independent in that
way. I should continue to walk In the
game, as long as it suited my conven
ience."
Dank«*s spoke with a judicial manner
that was quite impressive.
"You think so? You pee, dear friend I
feel entirely like another person as Philip
Grey, almost forgot I was to be Ned's
wifo; it takes the edge off my grief,
an<i "
"You feels that your flgh.t with Dlgges
Is Rummat that mote best ha become you
op a young man?"
"You are verv wise, Mr. Dankes." paid
Zella; "I think I will sleep on It, as they
Eay."
She did fleep on it. and the next morn-
Ing, having tried on her petticoats, she
packed them tip again, and appeared at
breakfast as Philip Grey, a shade or two
paW than usual, and by 8 o'clock a depu
tation waited upon her and Dankes, to
know their pleasure.
Her pler.sun\ then. It was, that a mule
train should be ready for her early the
next day to hurry on" to the Forks and
catch the coach to Carson City. It was
Mr. Grey's Intention to Fall for Europe
with all speed, and, above all tnlngs, his
•wish that they ehould guard the secret of
her visit nnd her work among them, un
til puch time as Mr. Grey should cable
thorn from Ixmdon or elsewhere, her per
mission for. its tevelation. Zella added to
Dankes' explanation of her views these
memorable words.
"Tight!" said the purser, standing In
the doorway. "Says he ¦ feels sure he
knows you, though he enn't. recall any
one of. the name of Phillip Grey." •
"Indeed." said Zella. "May I offer you
a cigarette?" ¦ .
"Thank you, no; I'm going into the
pmoke-room. The: millionaire Is to sit in
at a mild game of poker with a few pals;
he gave them* a game In his stateroom
last night, but? he says he prefers the
smoking-room. He couldn't get a deck
cabin; wanted the captain's, but he left it
to the last minute; only made up his mind
to cross a couple of. hours. before sailing.
Uncle Tom says, and he don't know what
he's going to Kurope for. Sam evidently
thinks 1 he s a bit mad; and everybody else
knows he is." )
"How cad !" said Zella.
-¦"The: misery of the rich Is the conso
lation of . the poor." said the purser. "So
the 1 doctor says, and he oiJght to know;
he's as poor, as they make 'em."
Zella closed ¦ her door, drew the blinds
over the. portholes, 'flung herself upon her
couch, and ' presently :fell asleep and
dreamtthat Dexter had drowned himself.
At dusk: she .wrapped herself up In her
ulster, and went; on deck. Pacing to and
fro. inan aimless way on board ship
some to get: up an appetite.; some by. way
of a constitutional; some out of' simple
restlessness," sho met -Dexter several
times. Twice, in. the .lamplight/ she
; caught ; sight • of ¦ his face. - ; puckered and
anxious: twice he saw -hers plainly, and
stood still to look at her. She thought it
"Used to be." paid the purser. "Fool
enough to fall in love with a typewriting
girl; thought he could buy her; accus
tomed to Duy everything ho wanted; as
he couldn't buy her, he took to drink and
other women, and has been going to the
bad ever Fince," said the purser.
"You don't say!" eald Zella. "Who has
been telling you the old gentleman's
secrets."
' "Uncle Tom." said the purser, lat:ghing.
"Calls himself Sam; but if ever there was
an 'Uncle Tom' out of Mrs. Stowe's book
there he Is; and if you want to know all
about 'Mnssa' * "Irani Dexter,' why, 'gol
ley,' Uncle Tom will oblige."
Dexter, seemed to be inviting all his
neighbors to drink with) him. Sam and
the stewards were pa?sfng the wine up
and down the table, the millionaire rais
ing his glass with a benevolent greeting
all around. Presently he spoke to Sam,
aside, and Sam went over to the purser's
table, bottle In hand, with "Miissa Dex
ter's compliments, and won't the gentle
men and ladles do him the honnoh to take
wino wid him?"
The ladies mostly declined. The purser
and several of the men accepted the In
vitation. Zella declined. She was not
drinking wine to-day. Sam emptied the
bottle and fetched another, and with it
"Massa's compliments to the young
gen'leman. an' hopes he'll give him the
pleas'ah?" ' .
"Thank your master," said ,£ella, "and
I must postpone the pleasure until some
other day: -I am not taking wine."
- Sam, with a puzzled expression in his
eyes, poured out a glass of wine for
Zella, all the same, as If he had not heard
what pho. said. He glanced at her agafn,
as he filled up other glasses, and returned
to his master.*
When dinner was over Zella went to her
room and had- coffee brought there. It
was a calm, sunny day. She sat with her
cabin door op^n I and smoked a cigarette.
Dexter, leaning on Sam's arm, passed by,
and paused for a moment, as if he were
about to speak to her. Zella looked at
him quite unconcernedly, and he went on.
4 "Poor fellow! He does not. as you say,
look as if wealth agreed with him," Zella
replied.
"I have never seen the man that It did
agree with."
"No?"
"Always pome disappointment on hand.
Worried with every movement of stocks;
or with a wife with a heart-aching desire
to get into society that don't want her;
or there are sons who behave bartly; or
a daughter who won't marry for position.
Or, if It's an Englishman, he's dying for
a title, because his good lady wants it;
an American, to get the control of a rail
way, or boss a bank, or own the fastest
trotter, or some other tin-pot thing or
another. Never contented. 1 assure you;
that's my experience; not to mention that
their digestion's out of order, they've got
dyspepsia; always tinkering with doctors.
Why, it Isn't long since a millionaire, one
of the African crew, chucked himself
overboard."
"Is that so?"
"Couldn't bear the strain. Got an idea
that he had overrun the constable;
thought when he arrived in London he'd
be bu'sted."
"Don't say?"
"On the contrary, he was one of the
richest of the African lot. But it must be
hard to carry a pile, if you let it bother
you; It would never bother me."
"Nor me," said Zella.
"But the fact la, the people who could
carry It properly and know how to spend
It to the advantage of the world in gen
eral, they never get it. Look at this poor
Dexter;- he's one of the wealthiest men in
America. • • • Do you see how ho
keeps looking this way? Seems as if he
knew you, or wanted to — can hardly keep
his eyes off you."
"Surely," said Zella. "he's looking
toward a pretty woman nt the next tabk-?
They say he is quite a gallant among the
ladles."
"Dexter, the millionaire." said the pur
ser to Zella, "first time he's been down to
dinner. Looks awfully bad, don't he? It
ain't all beer ai:d skittles being a million
aire. I can speak from experience; I've
seen most of them, during my time. on
the Umbria."
On the third day out Zella, who, sat at
the purser's table, came within the obser
vation of Dexter for the fipet time. He
occupied a seat at the captain's table,
that had hitherto* been vacant. She was
conscious that he was watching her In a
furtive kind of way. He was drinking
champagne. Sam was standing behind his
chair. It was evident that he v/as re
garded as a persona grata by the captain
and the other j-assengers.
HIRAM DEXTER SEES GHOSTS.
CHAPTER XL
He had founi himself, by and by, the
plaything of in astute woman of the
town, and the dupe of one of her agents.
From Dexter, the man of affairs, he had
sunk into Dexter, the profligate. After a
youth of work and enterprise/and a man
hood of respecttbillty and honor, he had.
In his comparative old age. become a crea
ture of passion, a panderer to his own
vices, a drunkard and a suborner of mur
der. •'* •.-In his intermittent moods of
sanity he realized all this, and It drove
him to seek relief In the friendly oblivion
that may be found in alcohol, which, in
this respect, is rather a good than an evil
thing, for what <lse better than a dream
less sleep can Guilt df-sire than' to be
pleasantly and recklessly mad In sympa
thetic company, champagne for the pre
siding genius. * * * The best antidote,
the or.ly antidote, indeed, for the vileness
that Dexter had permitted himself, is re
pentance and penance, confession, com
pensation, on austere life devoted to the
good of others: .but Dexter had no longer
any gift that way. Such Intellectual
force as remained to him crumbled at the
touch .of the smallest good resolution. He
assuredly had fits of remorse, but they
developed to no good purpose; thej r were
lurid lisrhts passing over a menial slough
of incipient madness. If ever once there
had b€en a time since the death of Glover
when remorse might have been strong
enough for repentance and a penitent spir
it of compensation in the way of good
deeds, it- was defeated by a rush -to the
bottle, the degenerate's medium to a
lower .abyss.
others, that he was nothing like .so old
as he might appear; that he was ..imply
tired, or overworked, or not uulte well, or
whit not.' In spite of Ms behavior to her.
notwithstanding his malicious slander of
her lover's good name, she felt sorry for.
him. She remembered him, during her
first days at the Palmer House, bright,
alert, -optimistic an old beau. She saw
him now — thin and shriveled, his head
bent.- except when he appeared to raise
it with an effort at defiance, though It was
really the action of despair. She saw him
sitting in his steamtr chair, his legs wrap
ped up In a great rug bv tbe attentive
Sam, taking no notice of Sara's affection
ate care, arranging his cushions, placing
the chair at a pleasant angle in the sun,
yet with the possibility of a reasonable
shade; he simply gtized out to sea, as she
had found herself from time to time gaz
ing, as one does in mid-Atlantic, wonder
ing at the mystery of it. feeling one's cwn
littleness, «ind watching the wake of the
mighty vessel making its trackless track
over the paths of thousands of predeces
sor; ships, now and then leaving for a
few seconds a traceable impression upon
the sea. • • • Unhappily for Dexter's
peace of mind, added to his other sins,
he had upon his soul the murder of Ed
win Glover. His mental condition, low
ered by drink and sleeplessness under his
mad passion for Zella- Brunnen. had re
ceived a great shock in the announcement
of the death of Ned Glover While that
dark business had been brewing, while'he
was waiting for news from Abner Dlgges,
he had set on foot the hideous plot to de
stroy Glover's character in the eyes of
Zella, which Bridget O'Hagan had so clev
erly and courageously frustrated. The in
struments he had used in this business
had degraded him in his own estimation,
not only as a man, but as a man of re
source and ability. /
Zella slept badly that night. She lay in
bed vatchinp the Klints of moonlight on
the distant vista of s=ea that she saw oc
casionally: • • ? Whether It was mid
night or later she did not know; but it
was poon after the striking of bells and
th<* soothinsr "All's well!" of the watch,
that one of the portholes was gradually
eclipsed by a l'ace.ywith eyes that for a
moment seemed luminous: it was the face
of Hiram Dexter. • • • She shrank
back Into her berth and held her breath.
• • • It disappeared. • • • she won
dered if she had been dreaming. • • •
No; sho felt Mire she .had not. • • •
•Dexter lied penetrated her disguise and
had been reconnolterinp her cabin. •- • •
She drew her Minds, turned on the electric
light in a small reading lamp and went to
sleep, and awoke no more until late in the
morning. • • • Looking at her watch
she found it was 11 o'clock. She dressed
and rang her bell.
"Brins me some breakfast, steward."
"Yea. sir. What will you have?"
"Coffee and toast, and whatever else Is
going."
"Nice grilled Fnlmon and a dish of cut
lets, 'am and epgs. and '.*
"Salmon, thank you. and a little fruit."
"Yes. sir." said the steward. "Some nice
grapes the cnp\ain's put on the table, a
present as he've had."
Zella felt wonderfully refreshed. She
hardly remembered when she' had slept
so well. In spite of her bad dream or the
start Dexter had given her by looking into
her cabin.
The steward brought her an excellent
breakfast, and laid the cloth with even
more care than usual; had more time, sho
supposed.
"Rather a hawful thing: 'anpened last
night;" he said, as he was leaving tho
room.
"Indeed?" said Zella. pouring out her
coffee. .
"Mr. - Dexter, the millionaire, drowned
hlsself."
"Good heavens! man: you don't say so?"
"The watch see htm k». One of the men
on night duty went after him; they low
ered a boat. Didn't you hear, the screw
stop? Then you must have slep' like any
thin'. We put to for nigh. upon an hour.
No sipn of 'im; he must have gone dawn
like a. lump of lead. Havrful! ain't it?
And a millionaire, too!"
CHAPTER XLI.
"THE MYSTERIES OF LONDON."
Fortunately for Zella's peace of mind.
Dexter had carried his criminal secret to
bis death. None knew, of .the impulse he
had given to the knlfo of Abner Dlgges.
Zella bad pitied him. His self-murder
had. sorely afflicted h*i\ The thought that
she was charged with being accessory "to
his downfall troubled her not a little As
a rule, women soon, recover from the in
dlctment of having driven some lovesick
swain' to despair and even death by rea
eon of their unreciprocated passion It Is
no fault of theirs if foolish men run mad
for love. But Zella felt deep In her heart
"I'll find him far you. Air. Dexter," said
the purser; and they went into the gang
wav.
"I hove been drunk. Had 'em, I— dare
sp.y— but I never was soberer than I— am
now. Good-night, old chap. I'm going to
turn in now. Where's — my man?"
"I have written a letter— It's In this
pocketbook. The letter says— why I give
it you— and it contains a few thousand
dollars—and a check book, with— the pow
er—to draw a few — more. If you won't —
have it, I'll chuck — it overboard."
"Oh! Mr. Dexter, don't do that."
"Then take It."
* "You are too kind, Mr. Dexter," safd
the purser," evidently taking the pocket
book.
"You think— fr— I've— er— got— D. T.?
Think— I'm— drunk?"
"No, Mr. Dexter; I would not be so
rude."
"You've a wife and family— you told mo
so— not too well off. I'd like to make— you
happy. Somebody's— got to be made hap
py. I know what— you mean. They mlsht
eay— I had given it you when I was drunk
—or you took it— when I was dead."
• "Mr. Dexter, come along, and let's have
a drink with the doctor."
Then there was a pause, as If Dexter
was thrusting something into the purser's
hand, and as if the pursuer resisted him.
"It's yonr pockethook, Mr. Dexter! I
couldn't think of it."
"When was— it— taken?" asked Dexter,
slowly, as if it was difficult for him to
tpeak plainly.
'"Oh. about a week ago."
"And did — di-1— she— come aboard?" '
"I suppose not. The understanding was
that if she could not occupy it she would
transfer it to Philip Grey, her cousin;
which she did."
"Her cousin!" said Dexter. "And— was
it— you— that— er— said Ned Glover was— on
bonrd?"
"Me? No! I never heard the name, to
my knowledge."
"No— I suppose— not. Wonderful moon
ain't it? Do you b'lieve— that Christ
walked on the sea?"
"Oh. yes: "why, of course. Don't you,
Mr. Dexter?"
"I don't— b'liove anything— except that I
tell you— again— there's ghosts— on this
shir* "
"One of your countrymen has been tell
ing me there's rats. Some fellows call 'em
snakes, some rats, some little black dev
ils; you call 'em phosts. Mr. Dexter. If I
was" you. I'd see the doctor; he knows how
to deal with such things."
"Doctors ain't no— pond to me. purser.
See here, you've been kind— to me— I want
to Kive you— a tip."
1 hen there was a striking of matches.
"1 saw a rat along the beam in my
stateroom last night just as I was turn
ing off the light, and I was terrified to
death for fear it wasn't one."
"For fear it wasn't one I" said the Eng
lishman with a note of surprise in the
tone of his voice.
"I ehould smile! Why, you don't tell mo
you don't understand I Do you think I
wanted it to be one of those other rats?"
"Oh, I ) see," said the Englishman,
laughing.
"I guess you do,", said the other; "ain't
such a granger as that. I reckon. Not
one to blow the gas out?"
"No, not nuite such a fool as that,"
paid the Englishman.
"The purser reckons it was a rat; they
get 'em once in a way. along the gang
planks, In dock; actually He quiet till
njght, and then just invade the ship. He's
disturbed them himself, in droves."
"Fact, I assure you."
"He says so?"
"On his oath."
"Then why do they leave the gang
planks in connection with the shore at
night?"
"Why do they do twenty other fool
things?" rejoined the American.
Then Zella went out once more upon
deck. It was a moonlight night. She sat
for a few minutes in the shadow of a ven
tilating shaft, watching the long white
track the moon was making and peopling
it with imaginary angels, when once more
she heard hpr name; this time her real
name, and the voice of Dexter. He was
speaking to the purser. •
"It was taksn in the name of Zella
Brunnen," said the purser.
"Then you have escaped a lot of
misery. rd sooner see ghost- than
snakes and bottle imps."
"Hope you may never see either," said
the Englishman. "Let me offer you an
other cigar." . •
• "Thank vou."
" I thought a man was dangerous unfler
those circumstances and had to bo re
strained?"
"Ain't you ever had — er — so much, as —
well, a touch of 'em?"
"Never."
"You hare always been a sober man;"
"Mostly."
"He'M been wandering about the deck:
wouldn't have Sam with him; would gr>
n'one: and he's just now told the purser
that there's a ghost aboard. The purser,
ciitunng mm. $uya 'iian or woman, sir?'
And the millionaire, ne pulls up straight
and he says, 'The ghof«; of a man and the
face of a woman he ehould have married;
but' — And there he stopped, repeated ino
story to the 'but' and then crept away as
If the ghost was after him."
"D T?" ejaculated the American.
"Think so?" ,- .^"
"Sure so!'."- 7."
wise to retire to her cabin. She had a
light supper sent up to her. Alter supper
she put out her lamp and left the port
holes partly open for the benefit of the
i^ilr. The night was warm, and with an
almost silent sea. On a seat, close by
her cabin, two men sat and talked. Many
a queer conversation has been overheard
through the portholes of deck cabins.
Zella, lying upon her couch, might easily
have spared herself from the temptation
of eavesdropping. She had. Indeed, risen
to close the ports, when, hearing her
name, she paused, more out of self
defonsp than from curiosity.
"Philip Grey," said the voice; "a nice
sort cf young chap; the sight of him
seems to have sobered Dexter."
"How's that?" FAiJ the secorjd voice,
evidently that of an American.
"Says if ever sho nud a brother that'a
him."
"And who's she?" asked tho American.
"He don't say: but the nigger shakes
his head and litts up his hands, palms
out, as much as to let you understand
that Dexter's dotty," the Engllsman re
plied.
"I guess he didn't seem dotty when he
picked up a' full to my flush," said the
American.
"Good morning. Glad to see you: pray
take a sfcat." said Mr. Richard Lorrlmer.
as a liveried porter ushered Zella Into hl3
prlvato room at the .offices of Straker,
Love & Lorrimer. Bedford Row.
Zella bowed, and laying aside the Hsrht
overcoat which she carried on her arm
raid "Thank you." and sat in th« chair to
which, with a wave of hla hand, he drew
her attention.
This was hardly th** kind of reception
she had expected; but she had yet to
learn that, In her dual character, aha
would find n rival in Mr. Lorrimrr. Thero
were two Lotrimers; one. Richard. th»
astute lawyer and advocate, and the other
Dick, tha genial clubman and private citi
zen. In both capacities he was a new ex
perience for Zolla. emphasized by his
wearing a single eyeglass, a fashion that
Is novel to f.n American. She wa3 only
acquainted with it In caricatures of Ensr
llsh affectations; and Nod Glover. In his
varied descriptions of Lorrimer. had not
once mentioned the monocle, which em
phasized one of Lorrlmer-s distinctive
characteristics r.s an advocate in pollco
courts and before coroners' juries, and
occasionally as a witness before tho
judges.
Ixjrrimer was not a barrister: but In
Important and historic cases of prelim
inary inquiry before minor courts he had
¦won many a victory, while his shrewd In
structions to the bar in cases before tha
highest judicial bench had been no less
successful. He was a painstaking so
licitor and shrewd as he was judicious.
Away from Bedford Row and the court3.
at his club. In his chambers, among hla
friends, he was 1< a ht -hearted, g-enlal. and.
In many worldly matters that did not call
for legal analysis, almost unsophisticated.
Outside business even his appearanca
seemed to undergo a change.
CHArTER XLH
ALONE IS THE CROWD.
When she went down to dinner sho
found most of the men In evening dress,
and quite a large assemblage or ladies
attired as if for some social function.
Luckily she had put on dark clothes and
a white s>llk tie; but she made a note In
her mind to observe the evident usages
of table d'hote in Krsland; not that It
was altogether uncommon to wear even
ing dress in Chicago, especially when
thtre was an Italian opera company la
the city. -" ", ;
It was a great relief to have the at
tendance of a chambermaid. Zella was
embarrassed In many waj-s on board ship,
in spite of her arrangements to neutralize
the services of her steward. She had ex
plained at the desk of tho chief porter at
the Grand Hotel that a good deal of her
bapsage belonprd to her cousin, a young
lady, who might possibly occupy the
rooms should she (Philip Grey) be leaving
after a few days: so from the first mo
ment of her arrival she had sought to
prepare herself for either fortune — the
part of Phtlip or Zella, One thing she
found in travel, that It had many com
pensating privileges. Very comfortable.
after the public life of a ship and tha
worry of a railway journey In a. new coun
try, under unaccustomed conditions, were
these rooms at the Grand Hotel; blind*
drawn, lamps lighted, a fire (as she had
ordered) in her sittlng-ronm. plenty of hot
•water, a bathroom en suite, a neat, cour
teous woman in attendance, polite Inqui
ries whether sho would dine at tahla
d'hote, and so on. Zel'a found herself al
ready recovering from the shock to her
pride of being mentioned In the newspaper
chronicles of the day as a typewriter girl.
some little remorse that she had not at
the very outset of her engagement at the
Palmer House taken proper alarm at the
too kindly attentions of her millionaire
employer. It was not improbable, she re
flected, that she had seemetl to triumph,
over him In her love for Ned Glover; that
she had, as it were, flaunted her happi
i.ess before the fond old man until it had
driven him Into that vile plot in which he
had sought to destroy the idol she hart set
up for worship. This being so, how keen
ly must ha have suffered, if not from a
pure love, at least from wounded pride!
But it -were waate of time to follow up
these reflections.
The incident, of Dexter's death seemed
to give a new impulse to ZeUa's journey.
At Liverpool the newspapers contained
»n account of "one of the must unhappy
records in the Umbria's Ir>s." The edi
torial pen found the obligatory duties u:
taching to wealth a fascinating theme.
Dexter's mind, It was urged, had given,
way under the v.-e f ght of his responsibili
ties: not that there was any reason to
count the tangibility of his enormous enp
ital. It was, no doubt, the vast measure
of it his very aftluence and the overbur
dening sense of its influences thru had
broken him down. He had literally died
of it. -There was. no mention ol what
Zella bad feared, his alleged love affair,
reported by his man to the purser. I»cx
ter's memory was. indetd. treated with
the greatest "possible respect. During her
journey to &t. Pancraa hlj death had
more than once? formed the sflh.ioct of
conversation on the train within her hear
ing.
What would they say in Chicago?
Would her name be kept oat of the story
of Dexter's career? • • • After all.
what did it matter? There was no one.
whose good opinion she £tred for. that
any report such as she han overheard on
the shij) would Influence to her injury.
She would like to stand well with *Ir.
Lorrlroer; and yet. what sort of an opin
ion would he have of her when he knew,
as he mu*t some lay, that she had inter
viewer, him as Phliip Gray?
At Luton she bought a London evening
paper and was soon blushing 1 over it with,
shame and indignation. From the Fast
nest and from Liverpool the English pa
pers had already announced the death of
the American millionaire, and an enter
prising reporter had interviewed "the de
ceased gentleman's negro servant, whi
had been his constant and confidential
man for five and twenty, years." Inter
preting'Sam's "somewhat confused state
ments, given in the vernacular of tho
South, it appeared thai in his old ago
Dexter had fallen deeply in love with hl3
type-writing girl: who was. however,
something more than" an ordinary ynun?
person, being the daughter of a famous
American general, named P.runnen, and
moreover, she was a young woman of;
education, and a leader in a great Chica
go .movement for the advancement of
physical culture among women; - her
name. Zella Brunnen, being quite popular
in the Western city. This young lady de
clined Mr. Dextep's proposals; and that,
to quote his servant's exact words, 'mado
him just awful mad." He had never been
the same man since that day. The nama
of Miss Brunnen brought quite a romance
into the affair. She. was to have married
Edwin Glover, a young London Journalist,
who was killed in a mining 1 camp in Colo
rado, and although Mr. Dexter had of
fered Miss Erunr.cn marriage ho had a
great liking for Mr. Grover. whose death,
had upset him considerably— so much so
that one of his Insane fancies on board
the ship was that the ghosts of the dead
Englishman and his fiancee had appeare-I
to him." • • * The reporter went on
to relate the incident of the pocketbook
very much an Zella had overheard it. Th«
letter addressed to the purser, with the
money amounting to upward of fifty
thousand dnllars. was th» only indica
tion of the donor's suicide. "There were
letters In his stateroom addressed to his
lawyers, and one containing a consider-"
able check payable to the order of hia
servant, for whom he furthermore statf'J.
he had made a certain provision in hla
will."
Zella having rend thus far sat silently
with the paper in her hand until she was
aroused to action by the- exigencies o*
railway traveling in England; the rescu
ing of her luggage from other people'?.
the tipping of portrrs and other athlet'c
and financial exercises.
Zella had been aCvised to telegraph In
structions for an omnibus to meet her
train, and rhe had secured rooms by let
ter at the Grand Hotel; so sho was soon
contesting 1 the roadway of the London
streets with thousands of vehicles, her
attention being thu.s won away from tho
revelations of Xhn evening paper by the
novel bustle of London, its vehicular traf
fic altogether different from either New-
York or Chicago, its narrow streets
crowded with people, the myriad lamps
of its shop windows and the gradual light
ing up of its thoroughfares. A fine evon
ln?, almost between the lights of a brlcht
April day: and tP.e wonder of the town
grew upon her. It seemed sordid enough
to begin with. Tho cmnlbus crossed tram
ways onco In Gray's Inn road, but sh>>
passed through square after square, each,
with many trees, like small narks and
with houses all around— solid looking,
gloomy perhaps, but homelike. Lights
were appearing in the windows. Present
ly she pas3ed through comparatively
quiet thoroughfares, and then came into
(he rush of Oxford street, with its mile*
of shops, bright with Illuminated mer
chandise, the roadway alive with nimble
cabs, private carriages, omnibuses and
the flashing lamps of cycles that threaded
their way mysteriously among the vast
procession. In which every vehicle wad
trying to get ahead. By and by she was
In the Strand, tho railway omnlbui still
steering through a mighty crush of traf
fic, the air luminous with many l'.ghta.
When she came to Charing Cross sha
seemed to know it, as if by instinct— ths
centerfof London, as dear Ned Glover had
described it. "and the center of tho
world." The next minute the omnibus
swung around lntd Northumberland ave
nue and pulled up at the Grand.
Until the second day out she had occu
pied herselfimostly in resting, reading old
letters and ' looking; : at one or two new
bocks, alone in her room. It was not until
the morning of the second day that both
she and Mr. Hiram Dexter met with an
equal surprise In the first and uncorrected
list of passengers. He was no less start
led to read there the name of Miss Zella
Brunnen than she was to come upon tho
entry of "Mr. Hiram Dexter and servant."-
Now she was Indeed confirmed in the wis
dom of maintaining her disguise. She saw
in" it the compensating hand of Fate. At
the same time the fact that her name was
on the Bhlp's list would compel her to be
extremely careful to - order her life on
board bo that she might -not arouse sus
picion. Retiring to her room to consider
the situation, she recalled; minutely her
last Interview , with Dexter-and his base
and brutal attempt to blacken the charac
ter, of Ned Glover.' She. had -been -so en
«:rori-fci wnh her mission to Plafs Vnl'ev
ever since that .overythlns; else had.moro
; or Jess, gone out of her memory. 'She had
[put on. wlih her new clothes, such a n*»w
Individuality, that the nad at times quite
forgotten 1 herrelf, . ¦
It -was on the second diy out -that she
saw, shambling along ; the 'deck, - an old
man, who, evory now and then, drew hlm
eclf up,. stiffened his back In an effort to
make out to himself, or for tJ.e behcof of.
Zella folded the missives up and re
placed them In. her portfolio, Intending,
on a later day, to answer them, and have
the (letters mailed from Queenstown. Sha
would, have plenty of time. .It was long
since she had had so much leisure as wad
now before her. . . .¦'..¦ -.; ¦ . : -
"Av ye. plaze, my dear Zella. swate col
leen I'm betther. It wad a bad time I
was'avin, me darllnt; but wuss whin yed
gone and !• not havm" the privilidge to
bless ye and ask tho Howly Mother's pro
tection for ye. Anil the loneliness av it
all. and the mourning; and me that wake
who shud been strong, goln' off inter a
faint; me, as was .nlvver customed to the
.likes; but the Blessed Virgin and tho
Swjte Savyer, they kep me, and they ve
kep you safe, and you nono the wus3 be
kase av yer bravo heart and \he mettlo
you got from yer noble father, that he
was a great soldier: and it was cheerln'
to me to know as you Was not takin* on.
as most wimmln 'wud, at the untimely
death of the dear fdller. And shure, whin
Im well entJff to be about I'll be af ther
seeln the pollis myself in regard av that
villin Dlgges, as Imbrude his hands with
hla blud. 1 nlvver thinks av it but me
heart bleeds the more for you than him,
av course, for hes in Abram's busim. and
the angels is watchiu over his luv, which
is you, my dear. It takes me days to
write this, not bein kustomed to slttin,
but I am sittin up doing aV it. nnd from
time to time. Ould Glencoe and the bar
tinder's wldder awl the Senitor, they all
finds ther bes rispec's, likewise his good
lady. And its O that I was wid ye, mo
darllnt, and we'd cross the- chanl ami
maku tracks for Connemara and the dear
ould land. God sav It! tho Im afeared
theyd all be gone to hivvin. the bhoys aa
I knowd. But. it aim no gud thinkin av
it. But ye won't let thim thavln Saxons,
savin the mimiry av Mlsthor Glover, stale
yer heart from Amiriky. and Chicago and
Parkside. and yer dear ould Merikan
muther that luvs you wuss than if ye was
truly her own. It's n decayvln' city, that
same Lundun, with traps for the unwari
and wiUins, blarney for young and purty
gels; but I trust ye, me darlint, strong
in yer virchu, tho I know yeve no rasn
to trust thlm Saxon Nights, if such they
be. similar the different' to. thlm as Tom
Moore, av saintly nilmry made the ballad
av that yeve heard mo spake, and that
ye glv me hints in the resytln av.lt. -So,
now I think yeve got all the noos ther
is. tho its not much, bekase there alnt
nawthin gone on widout ye; and wid an
ould womans blessln. and may the swate
saints presarv and kape ye, I remane,
yer luvln respeckful friend and muther —
BRIDGET O'HAGAN."
Zella read the kindly Scotchman's letter,
smiling through her tears at the memories
it aroused. They seemed to belong to a
farback distance of time, much of her
adventurous life being crowded into sr»
short a period. She. iolded the screed up
and replaced it in her. writing-case and
drew forth a still more characteristic
epistle, beaming with Irish love and sen
timent. It was a scratchy scrawl from
Bridget O'Hasan herself, which Zella read
over again, for the second time, puzzling
out the bad spelling and the good heart
of It In somewhat the following terms:
'•You'll understand, my dear child." he
wrote, "that the heart .of Parkside is wl
ye. . 'Tis not In the. nature of Parkside
to be demonstrative. It. has.' individually
and collectively, a deep affection for ye.
It behoves ye. therefore, to glo us infor
mation concerning \ your happiness, or
otherwise that we may joy wi ye, or sor
row. But after what ye have suffered,
it canna' be in the decrees of >Providence
to afflict ye further. That is our hope
and faith. • » • As for our dear Mis
tress O'Hagan, wi her fine nature, though
Irish, we have been solicitous for her re
covery, and It gies. me no end of sat
isfaction to report her convalescent. She
receives visitors in her chamber. As yet
her strength is not sufficient for more
than two hours a day in an armchair.
But she is quite her old self; Just as Irish
as her discretion and .lovable instincts
will permit. • • • She often talks of
you. and remembers everything 'in
your girlish history, though a kind
Providence has softened the blow
of our dear Ned Glover's death to
her, to . the extent that she does not
know the manner of It, save as it might
be" in the way of nature. J • ••'We.
your friends of Parkside. keep your chair
empty at the table. When. I say empty, it
is tilled to all of us. for wo think of ye
sitting there, 'wl- your sweet face, an.l
when we leave the room wo just bow to
the empty chair, and the undersigned
heaves a, daily sigh for the days when
ye'll be ther« in f:»ct again, as ye still
are In spirit to all of us. • * • Mr.
Amos Storey has called twice, and once
hts pood lady, which we take as a nice
condescension on her part; though we are
a proud community. Nevertheless, Mrs.
Storey being one of the upuer classes of
the city and what they call a leader in
society, and our pride nor yours, dear
child, not running : in that direction, we
are fain to regard her visit as a special
honor. Mr. Storey has been more than
kind in. his Inquiries after Mistress O'Ha
gan: and one evening he sat «iulte a time
and had a crack about all manner of sub
jects, not forgetting our Zella, and re
calling incidents honorable and sweet in
his knowledge of you. • • • We look
forward to hear from ye: and it will be
Just a delight to have your impressions
of the Great Babylon, which has merits
of its own and is vast, I make no doubt,
though I have never seen it;" but of all
the cities of the wide, wide world that
would repay man or woman to journey
across the seas to investigate, it's Edin
burgh, the classic capital of the land of
Hum.* and Scott, and the Athens of tho
modern world, ye ken. • • • So, God.
bless ye! ? ? • Your servant and friend,
"MALCOLM GLENCOE."
And now that she was fairly rested anl
settling: down to the voyage, she unpack
ed her small portfolio and read the let
ters she had found awaiting her at the
Gllsey I-Iou.ee. First, there was Storey,
repeating his counsels, to be observed by
a young. unattended woman on a voyage
to Kurope. She- smiled, as she thought
of the grim experience of the same young
woman In the mining camps of Platts
valley, and wondered what he would
think of her when the story of the death
of Abner Dfgges, thief and murderer,
should come out, as it assuredly would,
one of these days, however long Old Pru
dent and her other friends might succeed
In keeping It back. Second, there was a
letter from Donald Malcolm Glencoe,
written in a stiff, formal hand, informing
her, in mlgnty llrm sentences, of the good
progress of Mistress Bridget O'Magan to
ward recovery; of the devotion of all con
cerned in maintaining the proper and ef
ficient management of Parks.de; and the
individual and collective solicitude of the
entire household for her safe and com
fortable journey across the sea, and her
happy return.
Who, Indeed, shall fathom the motives
of a woman if she cannot fathom them
herself? There might be a touch of curi
osity as well as vanity, an unde^yln^
current of the degeneracy that bdv
erns genius according to a great author
ity, In Zella s growing attachment to male
attire: who knows; As a rule she did not
care much for women. They did not care
much for' her. She was too pretty for
them: too clever, too unconventional, and
too much admired by the men for a pop
ular career among women. It was worth
something, she thought, to be clear of
them on board ship: not to have to nit
In their drawing-room, to have a freo
hand, to be equally at homo with either
man or woman with, whom common cour
tesy might compel her to converse: * • ' •
So there she was. en route for Europe —
Zella Prunnen, behind the effective -mask
of Philip Grey.
her conscience by likening herself to an
actress on the stage, speaking lines ami
occupying situations set down for her, a*
well as the justllication of the cause In
which she was 'engaged. ¦ Now that her
mission was fulfilled, however, she was
obliged to confess to herself, being 'an
honest woman, that to continue the act
ing of a falsehood wa3 more or less by
Way of a. freak or an act of vanity, or out
of a desire for adventure— "something In
the blood of a soldiers .daughter,", she
argued, "brought up on the :'¦ frontier,
amidst the. excitement of 'battle, murder
and sudden death." "
THE SUNDAY. CALL.
(Continued next week.)
6
IN MALE ATTIRE"bur a stamp prate aft a pushcart for tin
c!nts an' send the tame to Mrs. O'Hara
wld the c-omplimint* of the eeason? Mrs.
,0'IIara was that mad broke the plato
".11I6 a thousand pieces an' she an' Mrs.
I (unovan haven't unchanged a daycent
'word or frinuly luk uvcr since. It was
\:xsa!dinRly mnnc av Mrs. O'Donovan. av
coorse, but Mrs. O'Hara shud.have better
Binse than tn get nail bekaso she got tlia
worst av tho bargain.
"Here I am, thirtv-two year av agt
.comin 1 nuxt June, on* av all the toinia
I've been on airth — f what's the matther
(•wid ye, woman, looking* at me In that
•way? Do ye doubt me word? Do ye shup-
pose I'm lyln" to ye about me age? 'Pon
me row!, an' may the dlvli hav a gud,
fast howlt av ma afore tin o'clock to
morry momin' aff I'm a day awldor or
younger than I'm afther tellin* ye, "Mm.
McGlag-g-erty— thirty-two comiri" next June
—the first Thursda' in June, I think It is,
to be uxactly correct, me frind. But lav
ln* aside all kustlon av age. here I am ai
owld orias young as tinny;. wan cares to
make me — fur divll tho hair .'care nvesclf
fwhat they make me— an 1 bad dang to the
Christmas day I've uver.sesn yet that I
didn't 'Bet-- tho worst av ' the Christmas
gift beznlss.
"Fwhln me owld man Dlnny was aloive
-God:b« end to hlsoowl fwnere-revtt Is!
—it's manny's the nlckercher an' han'ker
cher an'.mooffler.I gev him av a Christmas
eve, an" all ho ivver gev to me in return
was soup. An'. there's Toozy, me dauefh
ther, manny'sthe 'maklnsrav a. wrapper
an'J manny's the pincushion an' twoilight
set I've gov to tha-at same la-ady, an'
' may . the two , hands dhrap . aff , av me aft
uver I resaived fram her ns mooch, as. y«»
kud put in yer.oye that was worth resalv
in. Mrs. McGlaggerty. Av coorse; I can't
deny, that she gev me Christmas ca-ard*.
but -lan's; aloive! fwhat'gud's Christmas
ca-ardsbiit' to luk at an' who • wanta
.Christmas gifts av that sort? Not
yours thruly, Mrs. McGlaggerty : As for
Cla-arence, the fiit-ball .feller wld tho
flowing raano av hair— Toozy's latest mash
—he gets out av glvln* anybody annythin
be stayin away— ho sez it's a reg*lar col
legeV cushtom to raffle fur turkeys on
Christmas eve. an' so he riuver comes
around antil the toime is pasht for givln
things, an' thin he's here uv'ry bltssld
night. My.b'y Taramy. the mano lit
tle slob, lakes uv'rythin' he gets an'
gives nothin'. So thero yo are. Mrs. Slc-
GlaBgerty; there's the way that Mrs. Bur
die Mtt^oogin. .Ushquoire, la fixed for
Christmas. Hla na-ame Is Dennis Mud
bo far as gittln' anny. Christmas prealnt*
is' consarned. But nuver motnd. there's
goln" • to ' bo* some other payplo wid tho
na-ame av Mud 'this Christmas, for divil
dang the present I'm goin to ma-ake to
annybody, not aivin to meself. Mrs. Mc-
Glaggerty! "
: ''Christmas gifts Is a terrible noostl
gince. me frind, f whin it's clvin' av thira
that ye've got to do. an* there's no come
back that's worth mlr.tionin'. But fwhls
per, me frind; don't let out a word to
anny man about fwhat I've sesl. for God
an' the fa-arles are both gud to the Oir
lsh. an' who knows but fwha: Santy Claus
may take a notion to come down, tho
"Wlddy Magooein's chimbly will a biff
noice box av something for her this
Christmas? Ye know his Cubyan Jaglets in
tho bcordin' house around the c.awrner.
that's so dead ehtuck an* me? I've heerd
tell that he's savin' up his spondullx far
the holidays, an* I wudn't put It apast
him wan bit but fwhat heM send me a
Christmas sift. So. xnolnd now, say
nothin'! . Moom's the word. Mrs. Mo
Glaggerty! Nixy weedils!"
JOHN J. JENNINGS.
_ «.«
"That was a bad automobile accident.*",
"Yes: It was one of those old family
automobiles, too, that any child could
handle."— Indianapolis Journal.
Copyright. 1*X), by Quail & "Warner.
/?=O HPISTMAS is coomln', Mrs. Ma
ll goopin," said the widow's neighbor,
\sJ when there was a lull in the Con
versation.
"I>*»t Iit com' 1 ! Don't shtop her. Mrs.
McGlaegerty!" was the widow's happy re
sponse. • '.
"Are ye thir.kln* av tnakln* many prls
tnts this yiar?"
'•Pivil the wan," raid the widow, heart
ily. "I expect nothin" from nobody, an*
cavin* y«»r presence, Mrs. McGlaggerty. I
wart nobody to expect nothin' from me.
In other words, me frtnd, I'll give nobody
nothin' that (rives rne nothin'. That's me
mono, an' I'll put rne came to It In anny
twiaty l&rj^uages la existence barrtn'
Ditch, fwich I wouldn't spake or write
no, ma'am, not no mooch as to say 'wie
gents'— aff Oi was tr» be hanged the nuxt^
minlt an' the sayin' av it id save me from
the gallus. j
"Bechuxt ourselves. Mrs- McGlaggerty.l
do ye know that I think this thing av
makin* Christmas gifts in a bluddy fraud?
Sure'n fwhat dlz it all amount to any
way, but givln* a dolme to •catch a nickel?
There's Mrs. O'Hara, lor Instance. FwSat
diz ehe do lasht Christmas but up an'
gives Mrs. Donovan a silver poie pla-ate
that Harry Johnson gev her daughter fur
a ca-ard resaiv«=r. an' I know in me own
heart that the uxpected Mrs. Donovan to
give her, in return, a b!st Jaffynaise va3i
that Mrs. Donovan won at a church fair;
tvMa fwhft-t <IU ilrj- I>om»van 4o but
WIDOW MAGOOGIN
(Copyright. 1S03. by C B. Lewis.)
ON his way h«me the other evening
Mr. Bowser had his feet stepped
or., his hat knocked oft and his ribs
pck»Mj by umbrellas, and by the
time he reached home he was ready for
b. row. To add fuel to his feelings, . he
found that his mother-in-law had arrived
two hours before and was comfortably
Installed at the head of affairs, while
Mrs. Bowser had jtone to bed with a head
ache. Formal gr^tir.gs had scarcely been
exchanged when he said:
"What's all this .twaddle about head
ache? "When I left the house this morn
iv.g Mrs. Bowser was as chirp as a crick
et. Mighty funny that a headache should
flop her into bed all at once."
"There's nothing funny about It."
promptly replied the mother-in-law. "She
had a nervous headache, and 1 told her
to go to b«*d. She looks to ir.e as if her
rorves were all racked to pieces, and she
ought to go home with me for a year."
"That's a!l nonsense. Her nerves are
aU right— as right as mine. She's proba
bly been sloshing around In the rain and
got her feet wet. and If so she will get
no pity from me."
"You are not asked nor expected to pity
her, sir. and if you want any dinner you'd
better eat it now. I found the cook very
lazy and impudent and trying to run
thing's to suit herself and therefore I dis
charged her. I've managed to cook a lit
tle something myself, however."
"You— you discharged .the cook at an
hour's notice!" he exclaimed, with flushed
fare.
"I gave her seventeen minutes to
got out. I'd like to see a cook or any or.e
c!se trying to walk over my daughter.".
Mr. Bou-fcr sat down to the table, with
his gorge in his threat. The mother-in
l&w hnd thrown down the gauntlet and he
had picked it up.
"It Is .1 picked-up dinner." she explained
as she brought it from the kitchen. "This
Is one of my Irish stev.e, and I know
you'll like it."
"A ptew .for dinner!" he ga:?ped as his
eyes began to roll.
"Certainly, and not much besides,, but
If tt's good enough for me it's good
enough for you. I've heard about your
finding fault with your dinners, but you
can either ect this or let it alone. When
a man gets the idfa that a house Is run
for Ms benefit enly, it's time he was
brought to book."
Mr. Bowser meant to Jump up- an!
pound on th? table and declare that ho
was master of his own house and wouldn't
cat Irish stew for dinner if he starved to
death; but. to his Intense surprise, he
not only clung to his chair, but actually
found himself eating the stew. There
was something in the icy glare of the
woman that had a restraining influence
on his impetuosity. The coffee was weak
and the potatoes underdone, and he had
opened his mouth to declare that he
wouldn't ask a hog to s't down to such
a meal, when the mother-in-law fastened
her eyes on him and said:
"You JuFt k°«?p quiet and be thankful
for what you've got. I've known hu«
b%nds to make a dinner on raw turnips!"
The pudding Teas flavored with vanilla,
and had Mrs. Bowser been there Mr.
Bowser would have made her heart ache
for a month, but those icy pyes checked
his outbreak and even compelled him to
eat rather generously. It was only when
dinner was finished and they had returned
to the sitting-room that he determined to
Fhake off the incubus and assert his in
dependence.
'•I think I'll gr> over to the club for two
or three hours this evening," he observed
as he toyed with the cat.
"You'll do nothing of the kind!" replied
the mother-in-law an she wheeled on him.
"My eon write;* that he stands at the
head'in college athletes."
"Was he attentive to athletics at
home?"
"Well. h*» was always a first-class 3treet
car acrobat."— Chicago Record.
WELL TRAINED.
UP TO SNUFF.
She— I like him because he is so extra*
gant.
Her aunt— That isn't the best possible
quality in a husband.
She— Of course, not: I'm not going to
marry him!— Puck.
"We did," replied the eminent tragedian
and repertory actor. Mr. Barnes Tormer,
"but we couldn't get anybody to float It."
— Indlanapoli3 Press.
"Didn't you start out with a play called
•Turned Adrift"?" asked the friend.
IT WOULDN'T DRIFT.
•'Four of them!" she 'eplled. "And I'll
work a remarkable change in you or know
the reason why. It won't do you a mito
of good to roll your eyes, chank your
teeth and crack your toes. You've got to
cuddle right down like a barrel of molas
ses. Don't go up stairs again till bed
time, and if there's any more rows over
holy socks, you'll go barefoot in your
Mr. Bowser got> Something in her he
feared— some element of. mastery— but aa
they returned to the sitting-room he
ehook off the feeling and hoarsely whis
pered:
"There is a train at 1A o'clock In the
morning; you can go by that!"
"If I do it'll he as a corpse!" she ?*rlmly
replied. "Sit down there! Now, then. I
want to tell you a few things. You are
a bulldozing husband and it would do you
good to be hit across the neck with a
crowbar. You think you know it all, and
you are bound to have your own way over
everybody* No other woman in this world
except your wife would live with you two
hours, and she's a fcoi for doing it. You
never come home except to kick about
something, and If I was your wife I'd
fcald you. You talk about waste and ex
travagance, and yet you'd buy sand for
Fugar if left alone. You boss ar.d brow
beat and roar and bellow, but in a week
I'll have you as humble as a cat. It's all
in the right woman getting nold of you."
"And you'll stay a week?" groaned Mr.
Bowser.
"You and your holy sock get out o' this
as fast as you can!" •
shoes the rest cf the winter!**
She went to the kitchen to finish tha
dishes, and the cat crept over to Mr.
Bowser and rubbed against hi3 le.;? nn«l
purred In sympathy. The room seemed t»
stifle him. and he got up ard walked soft
ly down theAall and out on the step, fol
lowed by the cat. and they sat down slila
by side on the step and gased Into vacan
cy. A tramp halted at the s^.te and asked
for a loan of a dime to get victuals for
his vitals, but Mr. Bowser and the cd
gaied on— gazed at vacancy and realized
that the end of the world «as clcsa at
hand.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"You'll sit right here and ree If a doctor
is wanted or if there are any errands to
be done. The idea of your loafing around
a club when your wife Is almost too sIck
to speak! If 3-011 had a soft corn on your
toe the whole house would have to hover
over you."
Mr. Bowser choked and strangled In h's
indignation, and the cat grinned arid said
to herself that things would break loose
pretty soon.
"And I've heard," continued the woman
as her teeth clicked together, "that you
play poker at the club and sometimes lose
as much as $10 of an evening. I wish you
were my husband for about an hour!
You'd never play poker more than once."
"Did you come out here to Insult and.
abuse me?" demanded Mr. Bowser, with
a flash of independence.
"I. came out here to straighten things
up and I shall do It!" she sternly replied.
Then followed a powerful silence, brok
en at last by his going down to the cellar
to nail a board on the coalbln. lie had
Just started to drive a nail when the
mother-in-law appeared on the stairs
and said:
"Drop that hammer like a hot potato!
Don't you know that every blow go«3
through your poor wife's head with a
bang? You've got about as much heart
in you as a rhinoceros."
"Woman, how dare you talk to me like
that!" he shouted as his face grew white
as -flour.
"Don't call me 'woman' and yell out
that way!" she replied. "No bulldozer
can scare me a cent's worth. If you
want something to do, go up and 'sit
with your wife while I wash up tho
dshes."
Mr. Bowser sulKed for a few minutes
and then walked up stairs. Finding Mrs.
Bowser asleep, he thought It would bo
a good thing to overhaul his dresser. Ha
had scarcely pulled out one of the draw
ers when he discovored a sock with a hole
In the heel. Indignation overcame him
on the Instant and he flourished the socle
on high and exclaimed:
"So this Is the way my house Is run. "3
it: Here's a sock that I bought new two
weeks ago and never had on my foot, and
yet some one has worn a hole in the heel I"
• 'l s _ls it you?" asked Mrs. Bowser, as
she woke up.
/'Yes; It is me, and what about this
sock? L,ook at It! Behold this specimen
of wifely interest in her husband's wel
fare! Is It any wonder "
The mother-in-law appeared at that mo
merit and, pointing to the stairs, she saM<
7
MR. BROWSER'S TRIBULATIONS
HIS MOTHER-IN-LAW ARRIVES
AND SPEAKS HER MIND.rotting and decay. 1 . Moreover, ir you cut
off the red "rays plants will grow with
golden brown leaves instead of green.
The sea is blue because the water re
flects the blue rays of light, but shallow
seas are green; because the blue light Is
mixed with tho yellow reflections from
sand and stones at the bottom. Green Is
a mixture of blue ' and yellow. In 'this
green light of shallow w-ater all sea weeds
grow, and for want of the red rays they
have golden ana tawny leaves. Green and
red seaweeds-are the exception, and blue
seaweeds are as" rare as blue, leaves. '* At
this rate, land, plants grown under green
glass ought to turn golden brown like sea-
weea. m ncjr uu, mim ...tent has shown
that under green gluss plants grow near
ly as well as uiider clear sunlight.
Under red glass nearly air plants grow
four times as quickly as under white light,
grow to four times their usual height and
throw out a line display of green leaves.
This ls.clear proof that the red rays of
sunlight cause the green leaves to grow.
This discovery will be of f immense help
to gardeners who "want - to force * their
plants, an'd to farmers trying to induce
early crops of vegetables.
BlU9 glass has a directly opposite effect.
Plants will neither grow nor die; they lan
guish, and yet remain alive. The blue
between the acts at the theater—any
where. It is always the same. The girl
Is doing the, talking and making the ef
fort to'entertain the man. and she knows
she Is playing in the biggest sort of luck
if he throws In a side remark every now
and then to help her along. There are
plenty of men in society with whom con
versation Is practically a monologue on
the woman's part, and If the man thinks
that . his awful silence Is fascinating or
impressive he is making the mistake of
his life: The girl Is doing drudgery and
she known It, and she la wondering If any
other kind of a bore Is" such a bore as
tho man who sits up Ilka a knot on a I02
and says nothinc.
makes them sleep. The effect is exactly
that of moonlight and starlight, when all
plants take their natural rest.— Cincinnati
Commercial-Tribune. ' V
Many women are justly accused of talk
ing nonsense, and talking too much of it.
But men are more "or leas responsible for
this. The average man expects all wo
men to entertain him. says the St. Paul
Dispatch. In his opinion that Is what
they are here for, and he considers that
when he shows up at n party or that he
takes a girl to the play, he has done his
part. He has pushed the button and she
must do the rest. Just watch the next
couple you see out tosether— at dinner, or
general purpose of enabling himself to
lead a long and comfortable life.
. Hfs weight would be normally- over 200
pounds, If fed and coddled as the average
St. Bernard which is bred only for size,
but by following his master's fast trotting
team through the park every day, ho
keeps his weight below 170 pounds.
When the team is to be left standing
Lion holds the reins with the strength'ani
fidelity of a man, nor will he allow the
horses to budge until ordered. The team
also has been trained by Mr. Newman, so
that at command they will step forward,
turn to the right or left, or stop; all at tha
word and without a whip or. line to guldo
them. •
There Is one rather strange thing about
Golden Lion and that is that h<j will take
no food except from the hand of his mas
ter unless specially commanded by him to
do so. No matter how tempting a morsel
is offered to him by any one else he turns
his head away In apparent aversion and
seems pained if the ofTer'of food is con
tinued. In this he acts as under a spell
and sees no virtue in any viand which has
not his owner's commendation.""^
Like all large animals. Golden Lion hag
much dignity of demeanor, and this,
coupled with his great activity under
command, has made him much noticed by
travelers as well as residents. ' .
The rescuing instinct, is so strong with
this intelligent dog that he will not allow
his master to go too far out in the break
ers when swimming from the beach a:
Sutro's, but as soon as he thinks the dan
ger line has been reached, he swims di
rectly in front of Mr. Newman and barlrs
him back to shore.
and bad tempered when he was taken in.
hand fhows how difficult a task it was. t
At that age most canines think that they
arc too old to be learning new tricks. The
method of training him has been abso
lute kindness and inviolable discipline.
Mr. Newman never says a thing to his
dog that he does not mean, and Lion has
learned that he must do what is told him.
Animals are naturally truthful and can
not understand lies. If you tell a dog
he must go home and then let him fol
low, command him to fetch something
and then allow him to leave , it. he comc3
to think that your words are meaning
less.
As a result of his appa*ently complete
understanding of ordinary language.
Lion's performances ays in variety lim
ited only by the fact that he has but his
cZ'immy paws- and great flopping mouth
with which to execute them.
He will take off a gentleman's hat or
overcoat, carry a message or package to
any place tl-ut he knows by name, even at
a mile's distance, and in the same way
take any object of which he knows the
name to or from any place designated.
He will pick up money thrown upon the
smooth marble tiled floor, go up and lay
it on the bar and then bark to be served.
But whatever others may take, he has
good- ser.se in his drinking. They may
have their cocktails, punches and other
stimulants, but for him he leaves the fes
tive crowd and going quietly 'around to the
end of the bar, has pure cold water served
him in a pannikin. That is because he is
in training and knows that water Is th-;
stuff to work on. Lion is not training for
any particular occasion, but Just for the
THE most known and Er.ow:ng ere? In
California is Charles Newman's
Golden Lion. a. St. Bernard, six
years old, thirty-seven inches in
height and weighing 1C7 pounds. He has
a. record of jumping over a bar five feet
three inches from the ground; can carry
forty pound? in a basket with his teeth,
and understands English as well as the
ave-rajre child of five or six years of age.
Lion ha? traveled extensively, his edu
cation having bee.n completed by a trip
to Europe, where he took a pold medal
prize over all exhibited St. Bernards of
the roughcoat class at the London dog
chow. Ele has taken St. Bernard prizes
all over th«> Eastern cities and has aiso
e Fllver medal which he won at the Me
chanics' Fair, with a whole troupe of per
forming: barkers from the Orphcum
matched against him. Although the prize
was given for performing tricks, the
truth is that there is no mere trick about
It. for with Lion it Is really a knowledge
of English la/iguage for which he should
be commended. The actor dogs coulQ
only do their learned-by-heart perform
ance. Lion did anything requested by
any spectator which it was possible for a
dog to do.
He spends much of h:s time when rest-
Ing at the Cafe RicheUeu. The marble
floors there are not congenial to his com
fort and on coming in the first thing that
he does Is to get out his rug, which is
kept rolled up. He then carries It in hi3
mouth to his favorite corner, there
spreads It upon the floor and lies down
to rest. Mr. Newman taught the dog. and
the fact that Lion was two years old
SOME QUEER FACTS ABOUT COLORS
DID you ever notice that there is no
blue food? We eat things . green,
and reO. yellow and violet; flesh,
fish or plants in all the colors of
ihe rainbow, except blue. Many deadly
poisons are blue in color, such as blue
stone or the deadly nightshade flower.
The color stands in our slang for every
thing miserable and depressing. But this
Is only one of a thousand queer facts
about colors.
Heat a bar of iron and the particles of
the metal are «>fct in motion, shaking vio
lently one against another. Presently the
surrounding ether is set In motion in
large, slow waves, rolling through the air
i:ke the waves of the sea, until they break
upon our skin, and give us the .sensation
of heat. As the iron gets hotter other
waves are Bet In motion in immense 'num
bers, traveling at more than Ughtjiing
epeed. and these break upon the eye, giv
ing the sensation of red light.
The redhot iron, getting still more
heated, throws out other sets of waves
rtill smaller and more rapid— orange, yel
low, creen, blue, indigo, violet," all the
colors of the rainbow. The eye cannot tell
one from another; the whole bundle of
rays mixed up 'gives us.an impression of
white. That is the glow from the "white
hot" iron, and such is the light from the
still greater brightness of the sun. Sun
light is a. bundle of rays of light— red, or-
ange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and vio
let all mixed together. The mixture of all
colors is white light, the absence of all
colors Is utter darkness.
Now, pass a ray of sunlight through a
drop of water, and the colored rays are
split up and thrown In different directions.
The sunlight shining through many drops
of falling rain after a shower is all split
up into colors, and the result is the gor
geous rainbow. The scattered spray of a
sea wave, of a waterfall or a fountain
makes little rainbows, caused In the same
way.
Each kind of light has its own special
uses. The red rays of light make the
leaves of the trees to grow, and hasten all
v THE SUNDAY CAL.Ii.
8
THE BEST KNOWN DOG ON THE
PACIFIC COASTGet up, and we 11 see. counseled the
boy.
The old man rose cautiously."
"Goo'l heavens!" gasped the- boy,
peering into the vacant seat, "you've sat
down on your hat!"
"No, I ain't," vowed the old man.
'"cause here it is* in my hand. Nor yet
it ain't your hat, either, 'cause I see vou
stick that under your seat."
The two looked in bewilderment at the
wreck of the once resplendent tile, lying
smashed and battered in the old man's
seat.
"Lord!" muttered the old man at'last.*
"It b'longs ter that dude scttin' next to
me. He must 'a'left it in my seat and
I sot onto it. And he don't know yet.
Hadn't 1 better sneak?"
"Not a bit.", exclaimed the Bad Boy.
looking across at the unconscious vic
tim to misplaced hatgear. "I know
that gentleman well. It is'the Duke of
Manchester. Apologize to ; Him.''
After: a starcof : •amazement the old "
man tapped the pseudo Duke on the
shoulder and began ingratiatingly:
"I knowed you. • sir; the minute i 1 1
clapped eyes on Your Royal Maiesty."
"What's that?" asked the- surprised
strange-.
"I say I knowed you. ' Now don't try
to loolc s.hy! ¦ ¦You're the Dook of Man-
didn't propose to \§Sp5$
be done. Then V&&P
the house fell on . isHs!
me!" \£?«n
The Bad Boy \Sg!
1 a ughed. "Thut »32
was a bad name to Y»2;
use," he said, , y>*
"in New York \
You're lucky you \
pot out alive. But '
111 fix it."
So he paid th»
cabman and took
the old man, who
luckily was no .
worse for his en
counter, into the
hotel lobbv.
One look of the
magnificence of • •
the place not only
drove all thoughts
of his troubles out
of the old Rro
ceryman's head,
but made him
clutch at the Bad Boy's sleeve in over
whelming amazement.
"Where are we, bov?" he casoed.
"Fairyland- or heaven?"
"Sh!" exclaimed the Bad Bow who
was himself beginning to feel em
barrassed under the scrutiny which the
old man's actions were excitine. "Don'r
give ypurself away. Make 'em think
you're as used to this as anv of 'em.
As a matter of fact, most of the people
hanging around the lobbies arc a good
deal mere unused to such elegance
than you are. and are Just putting 0:1
colossal bluffs. Follow me, now. and
don't let on that you're new here."
Of their repast there is nothing to be
said. It continued with scarcely a wor<l
from the old man, who could not open
his mouth to
sjieak, so bewil- A
dc*red was he. The g*3u\
waiter b r o u $rht MujJ*
it before the old i<&LvVtj
man. W i t h out
look-in e at it- the >£lLv%iPi
old crrocer packed W^G&t
out a %z bill. The $\yX$
waiter took it. put JafcvMW
it in his pocket. /Sn\A\a\v
and <aid. "Merci. V ?*\V@
Monsieur."' But
he still left the . - "
"Aren't vou go-
ing to pay it?' x&§
asked the Bad
Bov. I
"He t h o ught
that was a tip for him." said the Bov.
"The check is still there." The old man
gave one glance at the check and nearly
fainted rs he said:
: "Nine dollars and cightv cents! Hen
nery, this is highway robbery!"
"Oh, r.o," said the Boy, "that's noth
ing: for this place. You've eot to pay
for the surroundings and the service,
you know:"
/"Well," said the old man.. "if you say
%b, I s'pqse it's so; but I can't eat the
surroundings, and I'd a dinged sight
rather pav 50 c$nis and eat all I pay
for, I'll tell you that!'.'
They left the hotel and took a cab for
the Metropolitan Opera-house. The
electric lights on Broadway nearly
blinded the old- man, and everv time a
cable car, 'gong clanged he thought it-;
was a fire.
For a few minutes after the old ero
ceryman sat down, he clutched the sides v
of his scat as though he ¦ thought it
could buck and throwJiim,.
"What ails you nowr" whispered the
boy.
"This scat," roared the old man. in
what he fondly believed to be a stacc
whisper. "It looks like the seats of the
Mighty, but it's as uncomfortable as. if
'twas a iceberg. Besides, I guess I've
smashed it. I heerd suthin' iinash."
Chester. That's who you are. Don't vou
deny it!"
With an air he endeavored to make
ducal thz young man extended his hand.
The oid groceryman grasped it fer
vently.
"A boon ! Grant me a boon, oh erra
cious potentate," pleaded the crocer--
man. dimly remembering having heard
some such language applied to a king in
a. Shakespearian play produced bv some
barnstormers in his native town.
"Anything in my power." murmurc-l
the flattered youth.
"Then gfrant me some clemencv for
clemolishin this 'ere kinizlv tile of
thine." begged the groceryman, holding:
the battered hat.
A snort from the Bad Bov. a snicker
from thi surrounding seats, and the
stranger, red-faced and profane,
snatched his hat from the crocervman
and bolted for the aisle.
"You did that splendidlv." approved
the Bad Boy. "One would think you'd
visited every court in Europe — and
UNDOUBTED EVIDENCE.
"What magnificent trout! How much
did you pay for them?"
"I have documents to show that they
cost me $17 50 a piece."
"Then you did catch them yourself, did
n't you? I suspected you of having bought
them from a dealer." — Chicago Tribune.
A PREEZY GESTURE.
"I notice that the hero of a recent short
story blew a kiss to the heroine with, his
hand."
"I shouldn't think she'd like that."
"Why not?"
"A blow from the hand Isn't pleasant.**
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
SHE HELPED HIM.
He— A friend of mine, just returned from
Lapland; tells mo the people there depend
largely on the reindeer.
She — Do they? I thought It was th»
snow, love. A moment later eh© was In
lap-land.— Philadelphia Press.
DRAMATIC DISCRETION.
"They took a straw vote at the theater
last nlsht."
"What for?"
"They had to know which way to let
the election go In the play."— Chicago
Record.
HER FIRST ATTEMPT.
Said the bride: "Here's my first batch
of biscuit.
Just wait; From the oven I'll whiscuit."
How the ?oor woman cried
When her hubby replied:
"Let it burn! I don't think I should
riscult/' —Philadelphia Press.
FOR MAX'S PROTECTION.
"There la a young woman In Kerr York
¦who Is described as having dark, piercing
eyes, that burn into a man's soul and
madden him."
"Say. she ought to be mad© to wear col
ored glasses." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Is the Hon. Mr. Bunk hard to pet at?"
"No. but ko early; he's very hard to got
away from." — Chicago Record.
paid fines in most of them." he added
under his breath."
"Say," interrupted the old man. "do
you know any of them folks up
there?"
"Where?" queried the Bad Bov.
"Up there'in them box-stalls, shaped
like a horseshoe.".
"Oh. yes! They're all old friends of
mine."
"Do you' know that ladv with the im
moral hotr?" poir.tinjr to the occupant
of one of the lower tier of boxes.
"Do \ou mean the one in the white
dress?"
"I don't know what color her dress is.
I can't see no further down than her
waist. I mean the one with the- white
feathers growin' out of her hair."
"Oh, 'that one! Sure I know her. I
used to take her to Coney Island often
last summer. Want to meet her?"
"Is she one of them rich widders?"
"You've hit it first time. So rich she
cats boiled diamonds for tea."
"Introduce me!" commanded the jrro
ceryman.
"Not I!" refused the bov. "Why. ok!
man, it would ruin your chances with
her. You see she's eccentric. She
wants 'o meet people in an eccentric
way. Just you ro up there and slao her
on the l>^ck and say, 'Hello, there, o'd
lady! What's the matter with our hav
in' a little icecream and a dinoer of
cider after the show?' That'll fetch her.
She'll love you at first sight."
"I'm oft!" 'whispered the old eroccry
man in glee.
As the orchestra becan a faint
scream, followed by anery voices and
scuffling, sounded from one of the
boxes. v
The Bad Boy made his wav to «the
Copy-rlg-ht, 19O1, by the Press Pub
lishing Company, New York
World.
IT was along toward 6 o'clock in the
evening, and the Bad Boy stood be
fore his mirror, dressed in immacu
late evening clothes, and smoothed
down a couple of rough places on/ his
new silk hat. where it had become rui
fied in packing. He was pome to take
the old proceryman out for the even.
ir.pr. and had ser.t that estimable old
gentleman into his room, which ad
joined the Bad Boy's, to get into his
evening clothes, including a hard-boiled
shirt that buttoned up 'the front.
At this moment there came from the
old man's room a series of ejaculations,
more forcible than elegant, and the
groceryman appeared in the doorway,
struggling, red-faced, with the shirt,
which he had on backward.
"Confound this thing!" he exclaimed.
"How'n tarnation am I ever poin' ter
fasten these studs way around in the
small of my back? It don't seem right,
anyway, to have the bosom on my back
and the soft side in front; but I s'pose
it's New York style, so if you'll help me
get it fastened I'll wear it!"
The Bad Boy laughed.
"You've got it ¦ on wroncr." he ex
claimed, and then he helped the old
groceryman out of the shirt and showed
him how to get it on in the proper way.
"How do I look?" asked the grocery
man when he had finally got into his
clothes.
"Fine," said the Bad Boy. "But you
war.t to look out for kidnapers. If you
don't you'll get stolen, sure."
The old man scouted the idea, and
pot rather huffy at the Bad Boy daring
to pive him advice.
"I kin look out for myself, sonny."
said he. "even if I did fall down a little
this afternoon with that swift vounsr
feller and his — er. sister. You po alonp
find don't worry about me. and I'll meet
you on time at the What-you-call-it
place."
"'The Waldorf-Astoria." said the Bad
Boy. "in an hour. All right, but be
careful."
As soon as the Bad Bov had pone the
old ma'n lost his feelintr of security and
began to wish his young friend were
back again. But he was too much of a
"sport"' to allow this to dampen his
spirits, and, at the appointed time,
started out.
As he strolled throuph the hotel lob
by, trying to look unconcerned, he was
the center of all eyes.
"By gum." said he to himself. "I
puess I ain't lest all my pood looks vet.
Mebbe I'll catch one of them rich wid
ders before I get home."
A cabman drove up to the sidewalk
and the old man hailed him.
"To ihe Waldorf-Astoria." he said,
remembering the name, for a wonder,
"and don't forgit who ycr drivii',
either."
He remembered the Bad Boy's injunc
tion to give the name of some bip man
every time he hailed a cab. so as not to
have it cost him anything, and beins:
unable to think of any other, he added:
"I'm Rrssell Sage."
The cabman looked at him. but seem
ed satisfied and drove off. In a few min
tites the cab stopped before the Thirty -
fourth street entrance to the Waldorf-
Astoria, zr.d the old man erot out and
started off. But the moment he stepped
on the pavement he was bewildered. He
had expected some nuaint little inn.
from the Bad Boy's description, but
what he saw stagcered him. At the
fame moment the cabman was uaoa
him.
"Here. Mr. Sage." he exclaimed,
"aren't you forgetting something?"
"Go on." said the old man. "don't ver
know who you're talking to? I don't
h?.ve to pay for nothine. ( I can tell vou!
I've been done too often to-dav not !o
know you fellers when vou come at me.
and you'd better git out of the way or
I'll call a constable!*'
Just what happened next he never
knew, but he found himself flat upon
the ground with the cabman on top of
him. It would have been serious, but
just then there was a stir in the crowd
which had instantly gathered and the
Bad- Boy. who had been attracted bv
the excitement, jumped into the melee
and separated the combatant*.
Pulling the old man to his feet. - he
began *o explain to the cabman.
"He's all right. I tell you." he said.
*'Ju't a little mistake."
"He tried to charjre me monev fo*
bringing me here," said the old man.
"and I tcM him I was Russell Sage and
foyer just In time to confront the old
groceryman in the hands of an usher
and a policeman.
"It's all right." he explained, thrust
ing a $5 bill in the pocket of each of the
two officials. "The old fellow meant no
harm. He's her father, and now that
she is rich she's ashamed of him. Come
along," to the groceryman. "or you'll
be too lcte to join in the oneninsf
chorus." GEORGE W. PECK.
THE SUNDAY "CALL.
9
THE GROCERYMAN AND THE BAD BOY SPEND A QUIET EVENING AND GO TO THE OPERAINCOMES OF THE
WORLD'S RULERS.
SEVENTY-POUR men and two wo
men divide among themselves tho
governments of the world. In other
words, there are seventy-six rulers.
Of these twenty-two govern us Presidents,
fifteen as Kings, eleven as Dukes and
Grand Dukes, six as ICmperorp, five a_s
Princes arid five as Sultans. There are
two Kharls. cf Baluchistan and of Khiva;
two Ameers, of Afghanistan and of Bok
hara; two Queens. Queen Victoria and
Queen Wilhelmina'; one Khedive, of
Egypt; one fihad, of Persia; one Bey, of
Tunis; one Mikado, of Japan; one Maha
raja, of Nepaul, and one l.ajah, of Sara
wak.
Of these august potentates Queen Vic
toria and her grandson, William II of
Germany, are the only ones who" sport
two titles— the one Queen and Empress,
the other Emperor and King.
When it comes to civil lists, the Empe
ror of Russia, who Is eaid to be the rich
est man in the world, can show the larg
est bank account, $12,000,000 being his year
ly income. Thi3 is no more, however, than
some good citizens of our republic have
as their income. ;^*;V *
Seven other sovereigns have Incomes
reaching the icillion figures— the Sultan of
Turkey, who has SRGOO.000 ; the Emporor
of Austria, who has *.,t>76.0w>; Emperor
IVTlllam ifjGSermany, $3^2.770; King of
"CHRIST" VISITS
THE POPE
THERE was a singular* interview in
the Vatican the other day. Early
in the morning lite Holiness was in
formed that Andreas, the peasant
who recently played the part of Christ in
tho "Passion Plav ' at ObCrammergau.
desired an audience with him, and. his
consent being readily given, the two
notable men met that sanit! evening. An
dreas, according to .the Italian journals,
wore his stage costume, and seemed to
many who saw him the living embodiment
of Jesus. The Poue was attired, in his
customary vestments, and near him stoo.l
some Cardinals anu other princes of the
church. lie greeted, the visitor with his
wonted kindness, and asked him some
questions about his life and about the
role which he played with such success
at Oberammergau. The contrast between
the two representatives of Christ— the
one a sturdy, .handsome son of the people
and the other- a kindly, gentle old ec
clesiastic—was so marked that every one
present was struck by it.. and the. unani
mous opinion was that* of the many me
morable infTvif-.vs v.lUch have taken
place in the Vatican Uxbt wu by uu
means tho least.
THE SMALLEST OF
WILD CATTLE.
CELEBES has tho distinction of be
ing the home of the smallest living
representative of the wild cattle,
or, indeed, of «h° wild cattle of any
period cf the earth's history, for no equal
ly diminutive fossil member of the group
appears to be known to science. An idea
of the extremely, diminutive proportions
of the anca, or sapi-utan. as the animal
In question is. respectively called by the
inhabitants of Celebes and Uhe Malays,
may be gained when it is stated that it_»
height at tho shoulder ic only three feet
three inches, whereas that of the" great
Indian wild ox, or gaur. is at least six
feet four Inches, and may, according to
some writers, reach us much as seven
feet. In fact, the anoa is really not much
if at all larger than a well grown South
down sheep, and scarcely' exceeds in this
respoct the littlo ' domesticated Eramini
cattle shown a few v ears ago at the In
dian exhibition ljeld at Earlscourt.
The anoa has many or the characteris
tics of the larse s Indian buffalo, but It*
horns are relatively ohorter, less curved
and more upright. In this as well -as 4n
certain other respects it in more like tho
young than the adult. of the last name'l
species and as young animals frequently
show ancestral featured which? are grad
ually lost" as maturltv is approached it
wnuUl be a nnf- ml «upposl?lnn that th«
ant* is a primitive tyjx* wX buifalo.—i_on
don Knowledge, • . . -,
_____ __-,. _._.^. .. ... —
taly, $2.&f»S.CO0; the Queen of England; 51.
25.000; King of Bavaria. $1,412,000. and the
King of Spain, $1,400,000. The King of
Spain, however, has an additional 5G00.000
for his /amily, and the King of Italy must
deduct from his" millions $1SO.OOO for his
family.
The one who obtalps the bulk of his in
come in the most original manner is the
Sultan of Sulu, who" raises it by lines. He
has men whose business it is to watch his
subjects who are making money, and as
soon as a man gets. something ahead he
is charged with some crime, and the re
sult is a fine. If a man has amassed $30<X>,
for example, he is accused of Nine crime,
and to save himself from prison or drain
must ray a flr.e of $1000. The Crown
Prince is often pent out to collect the
fines. From the rent of lands he receives
J5C0O a year and the United States ndda
$3000 a year to the royal treasury in silver.
The morarch who stands last on the list
ns regards his Income I.s Kins Malletoa
Ta-nu of Samoa, lie ekes out an exist
ence on the paltry sum of $150 a month, or
less than 52000 a year. The salary paid to
his predecepsor for upholding the dignity
'of the Samonn ilirone was $r>0 a month,
nnd with this sum he was well satisfied.
When the nev.- King, a year n go. en mo to
draw his first month's salary he struck
for $150— and got It— after going to law
about it. The cashier of the treasury,
whft'h is now controlled by the Consuls
of the United States, Great Britain and
Germany, at first refused to pay the
amount demanded.
Though the gowns have changed, sines
the days of old, the hearts that beat un
der them are Just the same. For fashion
can only alter the styles, it cannot change
woman, lovely woman.
"Sticky" paint.
¦j? N order to prevent paint from detach
ing Itself in large flakes from iron sur-
Ji -faces all that is r.ecessary is first to
wash the surface to 'be painted with
soap and water, rinsa and let dry. When
dry go over it with a stiff brush dipped
In hot linseed oil. When this become*
"tacky" the paint can be applied.
• If the object Is small and of such a na
ture that heating- will not hurt it raise tho
temperature until a «lrop of oil brought !n
contact with it smokes. Go over the sur
face carefully with the raw oil and let It
cool. It is then ready to receive the paint.
With larse objects which cannot 09
heated the main point is to apply the oil
as hot as possible, the nearer to boiling
the better. Objects thus painted will pre.
serve the coat of colur for an indeflrii'u
period. U_e paint beintr unaffected by heat
or cold, excssslv* a.3ls!.ur£ s: excessive
After the colonial daya tintil the days
"jes' befo' de war." pleasures became
more the business of life, especially in the
South. There the door of every horn*
swung wide welcome for guests, and hos
pitality ruled the land. Among tho South
ern families who were distinguished for
their generous hospitality were the Gwlns.
The gentlewomen of this family were al
ways noted for their beauty, but the San
Francisco representative of the Gwlas.
Mrs. James Follis, who was Marjr Bell
Gwin, Is even more handsome than the
belles of the yesteryears. The gown worn
by Mrs. Follis in this photograph Is ona
that belonged to a Mijs Gwin of the long
ago and is a treasured heirloom In her
family.
of such.
For I thought one tongue for a wife too much.
What: love ye not the learned? Yes, as ray
life—
A learned scholar, but not a learned wlfa.
very gallant, but evidently, there were
cynics among them, for the following hit
of doggerel composed by a Beau Brum
mel of the colonial days has come down
to us:
One did command m» to a wlf« both fair and
young
Tfcat had French. Spanish and Italian tonrufc
I thanked him kindly and told him I loved non«
TO tak<» crease ar.ti Jnk Main? from
books without injuring either the pa
pf>r or print reauire? car •. Grease
may prn*>ral!y be removed by placing
th<* pmper between sh^ftF of blotting- pa
per ar.d psfFinpr a hot iron gently over it.
If the covers bare b<??n soiled by greaso
rcrap* pome pipe clay or French chalk
r>\cr thp place and iron with a warm <jiot
hot> Iron. Vfllum rovrrs if only Flightly
foilpfl may he made fresh by soaj> anl
water. If they are r«ry dirty wash with
b. weak solution of salts of lemon. For
Ink stair.s let the leaves of the book We
in a solution of oxalic acid for two mln-
T:tos. then nut them in clean cold water
for a few hours, after which they reo.u!r<?
a bath of size acd nnn to restore
ihe conslst^r^y cl ilm raper. First ex
perimeru* should ba xa&£« on vaJueleis
books.
To Clean Books
<spsHE proffers would have people be-
I lirve that there are no Californians
J\ whose ancestors wore silk hats.
Every one is labeled vintage of *«.
Which is a gross injustice, for California
has more than her share of the descend
ants of the Mayflower pifgrtms. Some of
the red-letter i sges in the national blup
book are inscribed with names of Califor
nians.
To head the list we have descendants
ct the house of Washington— of Betty
Washington, siptrr of the great George,
who. though he is the father of his coun
try, had no children of his own. Mrs. M.
L. Ftraley and her daughters plainly
fhnw a family resemblance to George
'Waehinert'in. A plance at his portrait and
thnt of Miss Ethel Stealey will establish
the likeness.
We have the Alder.s, direct descendants
of John and Priscilla Alden. Then there
ere the I-anes, who trace their ancestry
back to Pocahontas ar.d are. of course, re
lated to the Randolphs of Roar.oke. and,
like them, aro very proud of their Indian
ancestress. Miss Margaret La r.e ha-s all
the traditional beauty cf the Indian Prin
cess.
There are scores and scores of others
who are Daughters of the American Rev
olution or Colonial Dame?, and as many
rncre who are eligible to these societies
but have rot yet joined them. By the
word of all the social arbiters, living or
dead, it only tr.kes ;hree s<>:-erat:ons to
make a gentleman. But we have families
The colonial dames had their amuse
ments, but they all spent much time prac
ticing on the harpsichord or splnnet and In
working impossible dragons and roses on
e,ajn.plers_,.- The beaux of that day were
\ ¦¦¦¦¦ =• ¦-.
selves, girlish laughter and frolic lighten
the pages of some. old diary, and we read
of merrymaking that beguiled the pass
ing hour as when Marcla and"*Mllly 'Wash
ington were "minded to eat" after they
had decorously retired to their rooms for
the night. They had already taxed their
digestions' with a dish of bacon and beef,
followed- by a bowl of eago cream, and
were about to taste the delights of a noc
turnal "apple pye," when Mr. Corbln
¦Washington, in his wife's short gown, and
Mrs. Washington, in her husband's coat,
burst in upon the scene and gave the
youthful revelers a fine fright, after which
they all settled down to. enjoy the "apple
pye" together."
' Most of the Washington heirlooms are
-in the East, but tho family anecdotes are
kept alive in the Stealey household. Mrs.
i Washington ¦was an accomplished needle
iwoman and in those days it was far more
useful than the pen, and almost as power
ful as the sword. One day General Wash
ington complained of the gate being brok
,' en and the industrious mistress of the
house promptly replied, "Well, my dear.
If I -could sew it with my needle and
• thread I would mend It for you."
I Occasionally, % as if to prove to us that
-flpr vjtf <^i-n-;^5s:&iJlsra enjoyed, them
*n<j in later life developed Into somewhat
of a scold.
The Stealey, family are not only de
scendants of ' Betty Washington' on one
aide of 'the family, but on the other side
•also belong to the Washington tree. Miss
Ethel Stealey resembles George Washing
ton rather more strongly than the other
members of the family, although her sis
ter, Mrs. Raisch, has the- decided* Wash
ington cast of features.
The girls of the long-ago, after all, were
not very dS.Terent from their descendants
of to-day. They had their pastimes and
pleasures, and enjoyed them Ju^j^j^gg,
The pictures on this page not only show
the charming modern descendants of dis
tinguished Americans, but they, serve to
Illustrate how fashions have changed
since the days when little moccasined Po
cahontas saved Captain John Smith's life.
There is the severely simple dress of the
Puritan maiden; the rich -and elaborate
gown of the days of Lady Washington;
the still richer and more elaborate gown
of the Southern belles '•befo* de wah";
then there is the big-sleeved gown of five
years ago. worn by Mrs. Hobart, one of
the most beautiful cf San Francisco's
younger matrons.
with heirlooms that would make a great
great-grandraother's bonnet look modern.
Miss Prlscllla Alden, whose home Is In
Oakland, is the ninth lineal descendant
of John Alden and Priscilla Mullins, the'
Puritan maiden whom Longfellow Im
mcrtallsed In verse. The modern Ulsa
Priscilla Alden has collected many bits
of information about her ancestress which
the poet purposely left out of "Miles
Standlsh." Family tradition hns It that
ly. Even little Pocahontas had a sip of i
social delights when John Rolfe took her
to London. Miss Margaret Lane is only
15 now, but when she is a young lady en-
Joying balls ar.d teas she will probably
see nothing more sumptuous than the lav-'
ten entertainments that were given for
the princess. Pocahontas Rolfe.
The Lanes have a few of the Rolfe helr
looms. Most of them are in the posses-'
sion of the Randolph branch of the fam
ily. The Lane home on Clay street Is
filled with all sorts of Indian curios, and
every word ever written about Pocahon
tas lines their library walls.
MODERN MAIDS AND MATRONS IN "PERIOD" COSTUMES
THE SUNDAY CAIX.
10
THE LATEST FADS IN BABY SHOESC 4 • N *
arouslre to clip the wings off a fly,, but
this is Kood practic?, flrins dov.u at such
an ans.'e at this."
. The shot was flred from a eecond-glory
window at on anjclc of about forty-five
deprec* and tho object was about twenty-!
Jive feet distant. . .
"This is merely; a little toy gun. with
which I amuse the children sometimes.
It is not so very," accurate. but
perhaps I can ehbw you another
thins that, conveys better my meaning.
There is a- something, inn lntanplble rap-
Pfrt. that the true marksman must have.
Then he cannot fail. /Here;. I will wave
this rifle about: so (describing w^th tho
barrel circles about a foot In : diameter>,
arid when you /give the command I wnl
Bhpot." . ¦ • . ; ,
"Go— snap!".* went the command and the.
explosion simultaneously = it seemed. The
1 mii-sile aped straight to the mark, a small
ma tchsafe across the room.'
'•ypu see. one must shoot at. the precise
psychologic instant Or the bullet will- go
lt seemed es if th« shoat^r had not
aimed at all and some one said so.
"Oh." well, that is n->t always necessary,"
retorted the Minister, laughinR., . "I'll hold
the rltto in one hand, waist high, and eee
if I cannot put "anotlfer. bullet through, the
aperture made by that other one." Presto,
he had reloaded, cocked and, fired the rifle
in a trice and the second pellet had fol
lowed, tho; first. •', . * -:
"The archer, does not aim. lie knows
the, power of hi3 bow and the trajectory
of his arrow. He and his. instrument are
en' rapport and the shaft^plerees tho bulls
eye. So it should be to-day with modern
weapon^."
;,Then he whirled. the rifle'; .under. his leg
and put another bullet tliroufth .the tiny
matchbox. Leaning _.';. over,': and >icpking
through- his '.leys.'* with ¦ his head 'almost
on the floor.' Senhor Brasillired once more
and ; unerringly.
"Bah, that . is all theatrical." he \ said.
."I^et us not'discusa it. : But wo«ld you sit
down; over there and let me • place "ithls
other side of "the matchbox . on top of
your. head. There! The head a little more
to the left' I /Sow I, will -put a bullet'
through the head of the little man pic
tured on tho box."
• Walkinir off'a few paces, the Minister
drew, a bead and fired. \j V .
-l''Oh..but*you.moved, ever; so little.*.', ho
murmured. "Yes, involuntarily, of course,
but still I fancy we did not miss the'mark
a) together. "
Stooping down; he picked the box off the
floor \ .: and ; pointed •smilingly* to the hole
ihrQirRh'the neckTof • tha man. "Shall: wo
try.'ngaln?, Perhaps the next' one Will go
straJghtef.'.'X:'' ' ;^ /, '
"N-»-na." ejaculated ; the William Tell
subject, i •¦! "The ¦ V ef— neck was •, • straight
eriough.Vj; Very, gobd shot. Indeed."
; "Perhaps you would be kind- enough : ; to"
hold this cord r.nd let me^sce if : I cannot
split It." ' turning to another :sentlcKiiin 'in"
the party. . "I will fire at your, command;
M'sieur." ¦ ' * ''",¦•. . ¦ .
Ping: Again the aim. was true,- and the.
thin * card was"- sliced '. as ; if .by 'I a knife
blade.. Again,.holdins a small hand' mir-
ror in his hand, the. Minister, hit his bull's
eye' with the cyr tltudo^'and ; accuracy.; of a
clock .ticklngfbff the seconds. Kxtineulsh- :
lniT a lighted match ami explodlriK a car
tridge^ half imbedded ' in "a board ; Imme
diately" bahlnd it was still "another' diver*
slon. -" ; : . ; ' : '.- ¦_ ;.-''•) /^. •'¦¦¦] v/,_
''Tet ¦ more -, wonderful was the simul
taneous Bhooting of ; two -sparrows, ; fifty,
or sixty • feet" apart;- as thoy pecked: at
llttla mounds bt srrain/. ; SiBhtihg first one
pistol and "thonUho^other, the marksman,
fitandlngLmWway^otwecn-Jhe-two birds, 1
Ehotboth'at'theTsame.ihstant. 1 .' ; -,-'•'_
; l.IIe htver/uses a-shotGun-lh huntiner,-be
llevlng buiietVare'trioro humane.. 'A bul
let; kills'' Instantarieou8ly," v ho said; "while
Bhot' scatter 'and' maJm.'jT^v;.;
¦ Senhor Brasil, is fond of pa.rtrldge ahoot
ine'and"lnyarlably; uses one of the ; several
guns* made for .hJm.byj Qalandi- the cele
brated," Parisian^fabricant £of 'fancy, 1 ' flre
armsTT; Ha" prefers Ha'; ,'ri rto always/ but he
has shotguns 'and '. light and ; heavy caliber
piece's galore. ; :,Their . welsht; tho • length
of 1 barrel,;, the -rifling, and- particularly, the
sights' and. wind gauges^ are all made from
his' own data. '.'--.The stocks are inlaid. with
cold; usually his .family , coat. of. arms or
a hunting scene of pointers slsuX betters
afield. : '.: ::: j3$M ¦'¦:':' ' ¦ . , :
Using Dogs in the
¦ A^.n^^s to Ca^^y
AmiTlUrlTiTbri.
in our English «er\1ce tb* lystem adopt
ed for replenishing th« ammunition of the
troops engaged has consisted in selectlas
a- certain number of men to" carry car
tridges from the rear up to the firing line.
It having b«ea apparently supposed that It
would be p;cssili!o for these men to move
along the line and to dlaUJbuta ammuni
tion to those whose poucheu were empty.
We very soon learned that such a system,
could not b* of any use under modern
'conditions. The men carrying up the am
munition would inevitably be shot befor3
reaching the front, and the men on the
nrins line .would be left -with empty
pouches. So ; we- must find; aome • other
method of '-¦alvins ; this important: prob
lem, which 'has also to be considered in
connection with the action of artillery. 11
We know that at Colenso it was impossi
ble to keep the runs, 'afterward aban
doned, »upplied *'lih ammunition, and
¦with the prospect that the rateiof flre of.
our ffuns will be considerably Increased in
the near future this problem" bids fair to
be more acute' than «vtr.
In certain foreign armies the services of
specially train«d dogs have b««n requisi
tioned to get over th« 'difficulty. These
dogs are fitted with a sort of saddle which
will carry, a quantity of rifle ammunition.
and are trained to race to the front, and, ,
arrived thera.tc- permit the soldlers-to re
lieve-them "of their burden. I, think it
quite posilble that It'may be found prac
. tical''to '-kespJ Infantry supplied in thla
manner.- but unrne other means 'will have
to be found; for replenishing -the limber*
of our artillery. It. Js Tery profcable that
.we 8haU se«'doK«'utilia«d in many other
ways In "the fight Inj? of the future. For
Instance, they would be very useful on
outpost duty to igive warning of an en
emy's approach, and If doja were at
tached to our field hospitals they would
be of.the-greatest assistance in searching .
for, the wounded alter an. action.— London
National' Re view.
¦
P N ?er.hcr J. F. de Atolt Drasll. Envoy
Kx'raordir.ary and Minister PJeniro
o tentiarj- to the United States. th«? re-
put'.ic of Brazil I toasts not only one
of the mcft astute 'iialoir.aJs at Y/a^hir.,?
tor. hut also an amateur mart5m:r. of un
paralleJed eHU. Few indeed at the na
tional capital know of h'.s renKiriiab'.e
•feats with the rjfio and the revolver, for
the Krazilian Minister is very loath to
discuss au;rht but the affairs of his offlc*.
srd then orj!y when ¦ S'-cumsrances make
It proper for him to raise the veil of
Ft2t?Fir.nnl.'k'» reserve. Yet the Intimates
who nr« bidden to his hrcpitable hom?, in
Cor.r.f-clicut avmup, nav* witnessed f<*=ia
that would tax tho credulity r>f any one
rot there to observe Sc:hor Eraeil's dex
terity F.r.d accuracy.
Cre afternoon recently. wh«>n his trcrr
tarics has resisted the Minister to dis
patch the husirrFS affairs of the Erabaisy
end !rffcth<!r chief ttr*. to rnjoy nr. hour's
polar*. ;n his library, Senhor Hrasil ta!k<d
In sn ente'rtalnlri(;<trai'a on eportsman
fh'.p ar.d shqpt'nx' He went over to an
cak«'n pun fsso. an«I. scieetfns first on«
piero and th«»a flrotb'-r to illustrate ibe
point t;n<irr JSpcukf'oii he began a series
of perforwa:ie< » wonderful to', behold.
**H hs» slwayji seernod peculiar to me,**
he rernark'd. "that most men stand fac
ing iheir nntaronlft ful' Iront. Bob Acres
had the ri^ht idea Jr. pr tjfntlcff the least
porribi^ *urra~<? to the opponent..,More
over, when one siantl* firmly with tho
feet a little spart. the tees pointed out
and the head turr.p1 well to the left, hi*
poise !s s'ra'J'er. Ajnin, if the palm of
the left hand is spread and the gun we!l
fca1anc«*1 on the otusriclchod l:an<J. there
is much lets tension i'.ian In the usual
rrmde of holdinar the p'ecc.
-ilost rrcn pull the irisKxr with the in
dex finder of the Jlseacased bind. If
you nil! try tbe second flncer you will
find it elves better control nnd cr.abi<*
one to further eteadv the aim with the
thumb and index flnc«»r."<
Then the fpcaker threw open a window
end said. "Which blrule of grass shall i
cut?" As fome one looked incredulous
the Minister Emiled in return and added,
"Perhaps vou cannot distinguish one from
another, try this," and he tottsed a shot
FmaliT than a Frrr.ch pea on a bit of
ridewa'.k in the yard. As the thot rolled
along in the sunshin« until It needed Jn
tome inequality in the pavement. fc« re
sumed. •'Xow. I'll fire when you eay," •
•Tlref"
Pllr.k 1 snapped the little rifle and the
*cy shot popped oft tQ^ one side. Senhor
*as!l smiled, "in the summer it is mora
When stationed In the mother country
(Portugal) he did considerable shooting
with the Queen, herself a clever* shot,
and a number of the foreign Embassadors
at Lisbon. Several photographs showing
him on his Arabian -charger Kermek,
which he secured from the royal stud and
Imported into Portugal, and others In
which Senhor Brasil Is seen shooting at
small stones or glass balls thrown into
the air by some of the Imperial party In
the palace gardens, have been mounted for
stereoptlcon views. One in particular
shows the object in the air the Instant the
bullet shattered it, and the smoke of the
rifle, too. Senhor Brasil uses smukeless
powder now, and often loads -his own
cartridges for any delicate work.
Among his galaxy of firearms is a
unique cane gun. . Barrel end handle look
exactly, like ah ordinary, walking stick,
but a wooden plus ferule may be with
drawn instanter and a lever drawn In th»
angle of the handle; quick as a wink , a
hammer springs up and a cartridge falls
Into place. When, ho 'was a student at
college Senhor Brasil used to mystify th.»
natives 'as he walked along, books Jn
hand. .by suddenly . dropping a . bird or
squirrel 'a hundred. yards away, apparent
ly after merely pointing his black cane at
the objects.
Another curio Is a flvo-chambered pock
et-revolver.-with, a '.barrel Just an Inch
long. The whole affair la mere compact
than a short stemmed bulldog briar pipe,
and yet ; he nays it Is very accurate up
to ':¦. several" hundred feet. 'Still another
firearm is V double barreled, one'- barrel
rifled,- the other not. arid to light and well
balanced" that the v - owner handles it with
one hand, os if it were a plstcl.
A braco of duelling pistols, an elephant
gun of , very ; heavy caliber- for shooting
explosive bullets/ air trifles and divers
othcr;picccs repose In the hantlaome plush
lined 'cabinet that just matches the book
cases In tha big.- library. Every variety
of American firearm may be found in this
collection—hair' triggers, hammerless guns
and what not— and yet thjs does not com
prise all of his assortment. . •
-The Brazilian- Minister's brothers are air
good shots, but neither h.s ncr their, talent
in this direction is inherited, for hla father
'was not conspicuous for hla ability as :\
marksman.'*; On the extensive paternal
ranch not very far from; Rio Eenhor Bra
• sll learned to ride and shoot ', .and,' finding
; he had con3lderable\aptltude in i'sonnecV.
he-practiced .ardently.'/ At school 'and "col-"
•lejre.he divided his time. between the elasu
ica and cartridges. To-day K is library.' and
his Vguncase are, bis especial •' delight*.
'Engl'sh, French, Spanish, and Portuguese
line ithivwMls of .the big trranlto
" home ; of ' tho Brazilian 'Embawy; Dryce's
; "American, Commonwealth." Fiske's his-
J -torUs. AVhately's logic anil all the fainil
'lar standard works, too. bear evidence of
¦his. acquaintance. "'.-'•
V':-' Immigration has i poured Into Brazil. so
profusely of late and the commerce of
tbe greatest country of South America
has grown no that the Minister at Wash
ington is increasingly busy and must
needs be a constant student of affairs.
It is two years since Senhcr J. F. de Assls
Brasil assumed the duties of this impor
tant post, and no one has made greater
strides In official and private esteem at
the American capital than he.
He is a clever amateur photographer as
well as a marksman, and Is quick at re
partee, as Instanced by a remark he mado
when somebody said: ""Wait an Instant,
Benhor; I want to make a snap shot."
"Oh. don't do that." he said, raising his
hand to his face deprecatlngly; "rather
try a rifle shot."
"Why, that would be more dangerous."
"Ferhap3 not," was the retort. "A riflu
ehot kills, but a snap shot sometimes
ilnys a reputation, you know."
But perhaps the most astonishing fea*
of dexterity he performs with five
matches without the aid of a gun. He
calls It his "gun carriage demonstration."
It is a sort of fancy billiard shot exhibi
tion, and merely shows the marvelous del
icacy of touch that will come from long
practice. It Is usually done across the
width of a dining-room table.
Th« sun carriage is made ef three
matches laid in the form of a letter H.
with the foot of the H parallel to the.
table's edge. A fourth match 1* fald over
the cross bar of the "pun carriage." Ilka
the barrel of a cannon resting: on its trun
nions, with the butt end ef the match
projecting a quarter of an inch beyond
the edge of the table, and tr.e h»ad point
ing to the opposite side. Across the table
a fifth match is stood up on end in a salt
cellar. Taking: an ordinary dinner knife
the Minister bends the blade back like
the spring of a catapult and strikes the
"gun" sharply on the butt. It flies across
the table and knocks down the upright
match, about half the time striking It
squarely on the head and lighting both
matches. .'
People who have never seen th's done
rarely believe It possible, but the Minis
ter has ao far converted all of his lntl
mato friends by an actual demonstration.
When some one allowed «n account of
this little diversion to pet Into print tha
Minister was provoked, because ha
thought the opinion might become current
that he was a sort of parlor magician.
whereas he la really a conscientious, en
ergetic, well-rounded business man an<l
devoted to the duties of his office. It »»
only when affairs of state have been dis
posed of that Minister Erasit Indulges h!s
penehant for firearms and delights those
congenial friends who have the entree o£
his house.
;THE SUNDAY CALIi.
11
THIS DIPLOMAT THE
FINEST FANCY SHOT
IN AMERICA¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 44.
PROPOSED LINE OF DIVISION •
FOR THE COUNTY OF SANTA
CLARA.
'TWO FU2TEBALS CLOSE :
A SAN JOSE TBAGEDT
Bodies of Bobert B. Stolle and His
' 'Murdered Daughter Are
"Interred.
SAN JOSE, Dec. li— Two funerals from
the .Morgue to-day supplied" the closing
scene .of the awful tragedy enacted by
Robert B.*; Stolle early Thursday morning.
The ..bodies of the suicide and his mur
dered daughter, Bertha,',were consigned tr»
adjoining graves in. the same lot at Oak
Hill Cemetery. t ' • . . ; ,
Two separate 'funeraJs were held. Tho
first " that' or the' ; unnatural father. No
friends gathered .'no sermon was preached
and the body -was carried out to Oak Hill
and interred.* -, . . .
¦ At 2 o'clock this afternoon the funeral
of the girl was : held. There was a largo
attendance.. Several floral pieces were on
the casket. Rev. T. S. Young of the Bap
tist church delivered a sermon. A num
ber of carriages followed the body to tho
cemetery, and it was, laid to rest beslda
that of her father who had taken her life.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY'S
CAENIVAL OF ROSES
SAN JOSE, Jan. 12.— "The Carnival o?
Roses of Santa Clara County" Is the name
decided on for the biz floral fete to be
given In honor of President McKInley
during his visit to California next -May.
Good progress Is being made by the vari
ous committees, and a programme that
will atract thousands Is being rapidly for
mulated/ The carnival probably will ex
tend over three days, during which great
floral pageants, dances and receptions will
be the features.
Adolph Greeninger has b,een chosen for
director general. A general committee, of
which Mayor Martin I* chairman and
Major H. S. Foote secretary, has charge
of the carnival. The planting of. flowen
for. decoration purposes has commenced.
new county of Las Anlmas shall be
drawn east and west through, the
county and shall pass through a point
about one mile north of the village of
Coyote, the place -where Wheeler
struck an inexhaustible supply of
water, which he sought to sell to
farmers and orchardists for $7 an
acre. \
! This dividing line will take away
from Santa" Clara County the enor
mous benefits it has received from
the Coyote Creek. This line, so sig
nificantly drawn through this point,
will place in the proposed ntw county
of Las Animas the enormous natural
reservoir of Glen Willis and the great
subterranean • stream at Coyots. The
new county government could give to
whomever it pleased a monopoly of
this water and the owners of the
water. could use their possession to
their best advantage, to levy tribute
upon the farmers and orchardists of
Santa Clara County, to act as con
tributor or. competitor to tho Spring
Valley Water Company of San Fran
' And to add to the excitement which
these facts have produced in this city
and in the < valley, it is known that
Colonel E. G. Wheeler has been here
since the proposition of county divis
ion was made and has had surveys
made of Glen Willis, the great natur
al-'reservoir. It is known also that
property in the neighborhood of the
glen and which would naturally af
fect water fights has been placed un
der . . v
THE CATTLE KING'S CAMPAIGN".
These facts have ' created serious con
sternation among people who realize the
grave consequences which, must arise
from such a division. More . particularly
is this the fact since It is notorious that
the. machine politicians are heartily In
favor ; of the ; scheme of division. John
Mackenzie and Jim Rea. the. local bosses,
are , as one upon this subject. They see
in division many material advantages to
themselves, and are- urging that ' in the
scheme a" part of San Benlto County be
taken and, added to the proposed county
of Las Anlmas. ..
" So . far. has this plotting . gone that ¦ It Is
common gossip on the streets of San Jose
that State Senator Oneal, the friend, as
sociate and beneficiary, of John Mackenzie,
has already been slated; for the important
position of Superior Judge of the proposed;
new, county.^ Mackenzie is now In Sacra
mento. It Is' also freely asserted that El
mer. Rea, a brother of Jim flea, will be
thrown Into the field, with* every advan-
Some Interesting developments are ex
pected when the case comes to trial. Tha
suit Is brought against John Lloyd, as as
signee of John Robinson. As soon as this
suit Is decided another one Is to be instl-*
tuted by a third person, who claims hla
title is better than the other. The high
price quicksilver now commands, together
with the large'sum offered for the mine,
makes the property a prize well worth
working for.
here to-day by Alexander Warner of San
Francisco to quiet. title to property known
as the Socrates Quicksilver mine, located
In the Cinnabar district; In the northern
part of this county. The property has
been bonded for $400,000 to an English,
syndicate, and if the title Is satisfactorily
adjusted a big plant will be put in at
once. The mine Is located on a 66-acra
tract of patented land. '.'' %
Litigation Over Property Which an
English Syndicate Desires
to Purchase.'
SANTA ROSA, Jan-42.— Suit was begun
SUIT TO QUIET TITLE
TO QUICKSILVEBMUTE
From these < facts alone the farmers
and < orchardlsts of -the } upper Santa
Clara. Valley; and '^the citizens of ! San 1
Jose \ know' the \ tremendous ; value of
Coyote Creek. V* They, have been dunv
founded, therefore," - at the announce
ment that 'tie line which, shall divide
Santa Clara County from the proposed
*crai&' t <' . .--: --¦¦- ¦¦¦¦• ¦ ¦ •. ¦ '
SECRET; OF ; THE 'SCHEME.
He thought, he had found a bonanza.
That was five years ago' and It was his
purpose to tap the/crcek.v pipe the water,
secure from • the . ' Supervisors of Santa
Clara County exclusive rights and sell the
water of ,Coyote '-. Creek • to farmers and
orchardists for 'the comfortable sum of
$7 ¦ an , acre. ' The scheme was a splendid
one for Wheeler, but "the Supervisors of
Santa Clara County, could not accept his
view of the case, refused him the request
ed privileges arid condemned this particu
lar \'promotion' r ' of the Eastern speculator
to failure. . Wheeler^ picked * up < his traps
and went a way .t'.' But he. came back 'a few
months' ' ago under: conditions * which ex
cited the gravest .apprehensions lnHhe
minds of those who do not care to see the
waters of the Coyote [diverted as Wheeler
wished: to divert them. -
¦ But the ; tremendous value of Coyote
Creek: as a water supply did not escape
other eyes. Colonel E-.G. Wheeler; whose
present address" is. 1' Broadway,'.room>-18,
New York, saw-an opportunity. to make
aptake. Colonel Wheeler is :a, promoter
and' speculator Interested in any scheme
which promises a" profit.-'" "Wheeler began
his operations on Coyote Creek at the lit
tle village of Coyote, which Is ; eight miles
north of. Madrone and about twelve miles
south" of San" Jose. The result 'of these
operations was instantaneous. Wheeler
ditched and dug and discovered a practi
cally Inexhaustible, supply of- water. . ,
Twelve, years ago Arthur G. Field and
Dan, Murphy saw . 'that. Glen Willis, tho
ravine in which the three big creeks meet
and become one. was a stupendous nat
ural' reservoir. In " which j millions upon
millions of gallons of pure water .from an
inexhaustible source could* be stored. All
that is necessary to make this reservoir
la to construct a dam at the northern end,
and there would then be a gigantic^ res
ervoir a mile in length, half a mile wide
and at least ,150 feet deep. Murphy and
Field saw thia splendid opportunity to
seize upon a great monopoly. They could
takeaway the water, of the Coyote" Creek
from the upper Santa Clara ; Valley, pipe
It and sell It at a certain figure for each
acre to farmers and orchardists. ' Work
was at once .begun on. the dam, but it
was never completed, and foundations and
bridges tell now by their ruins in the glen
of the work that was never finished. /
In It three creeks meet and merge Into
one, which leaves the glen and continues
its northern way as Coyote Creek to Al
vlso Bay. The streams which, contribute
ln\thlB.'glen to the Coyote are Packwood
Creek and Las Anlmas Creek, the name
which It, is proposed to^ give' to ! the new
county^ It is" the Coyote . Cife*ek" which
iHvf s ¦. to Santa Clara County In Its north
ern. part its wonderful water supply.", This
creek has an enormous watershed of the
best possible quality of 275* or 300 square
miles.
;¦ Throughout. the year this creek, with Its
contributions from the Packwood and Las
Animas,. pours -Its tremendous volume of
wWter.intV the Upper Santa Clara Valley,
feeding the soil, 1 sustaining it and.enrich
ing farm and orchard lands. Everts have
estimated that only one- fourth of the wat
er j of . the " Coyote- passes' -into the ' bay.
the other three-fourths being absorbed by
the, lands through which the creek flows.
There is no controversy as]p the tremen
dous value of the stream, nor have'specu
lators been" blind to its commercial value
as a monopoly.
PLANi OF A GREAT MONOPOI/X".
This glen, which is known as Glen Willis,
is a natural reservoir. ' -,v*
These are facts which have given the
people of San Jose and the upper Santa.
Clara Valley food for very serious
thought. With Eastern speculators op
erating to secure a monopoly of -water,
which Is of vital moment to the county;
with politicians scheming for new power
and patronage, and with a cattle kins
whose only natural thought Is for his own
best interest, the plot for division has as
sumed dangerous proportions and has ex
cited the people of the upper part of th#
valley and the county to the necessity off
doing something at once or bearing the
burden of what they believe will be an
injury from which they cannot recover. -
tage in his favor, for , tha position
Sheriff of the new county.
KIDNAPERS'
BOLD DEED
IN ILLINOIS
Disappearance of a
Rich Farmer's
Son.
Young Man of 21 Is
ProbaDly Held for
Ransom!
leaves Horns for Town and His
Horse Returns Without Rider
and Bridle. ; -
ROCKFORD, 111.. Jan. 12.— Frank Q.
Thompson, aged 21, son of G. W. Thomp
son, a wealthy and prominent. farmer liv
ing three miles southeast of Steward, has
disappeared under most suspicious cir
cumstances, and fears that he has been
kidnaped for a reward have prostrated his
mother and driven his father almost to
distraction. Thursday evening the young
man left home on horseback, telling his
mother he was going into Seward and
would '>e back in a short time. Several
hours later the horse he rode returned to
the farmhouse without rider or bridle.
The neighborhood was Instantly aroused
and search for the young man instituted,
but up to this hour no trace of him has
been found. . He never reached town and
no one In that vicinity can be found" who
paw him after he left home. The whote
country for miles around Is greatly exer
cised over his disappearance and search
ing parties are scouring the country In all
directions. His parents are almost insane
over the matter, and a reward of $1500 has
been offered for his return or for informa
tion leading to the discovery of hh
whereabouts. Frank G. Thompson is a
¦ grandson of the late centenarian. Father
Isaac Thompson of Alto Township, who
died in Steward a few months ago at the
age of 103.
G. "\V. Thompson, the father of the miss
ing young man, is one of the wealthiest
farmers in Rock .River Valley, owninj?
ever 400 acres of 'land and reputed to be
worth about S50.000. Frank la 'the only son
and Idol of his parents, whose hopes are
all centered In him. He ia a young man
of especially good habits, gentle and lov
ing and very fond of. his home. He was
happy and contented and there can be
no reason assigned for his sudden disap
pearance other than he has been kidnaped
In hope or reward. All towns in the vi
cinity of Steward have been vlsted by
searching parties., Telegrams to railroad
conductors have elicited no Information
which might lead his father to believe he
took any train from these points.
WOULD LYNCH
AN ASSAILANT
OF WOMEN
Nep Spirited Away
While Jail Is
Stormed.
Attempt at Daring Crime
That Arouses People of
Leavenworth, Kas.
Police Prevent Summary Vengeance
by Removing the Prisoner to
v the State Penitentiary.
L.EAVENTVORTH, Kans., Jan. 12.— Mls3
Eva Roth, a well-known young woman
of this city, was assaulted on South
Broadway, the fashionable residence
street of the city, at 6:10 p. m. by Fred
Alexander, colored, who had followed her
for a distance of twelve blocks. Alexander
failed to accomplish his object, was ar
rested . shortly after the occurrence and
taken to the office of the Chief of Police,
which was quickly surrounded by an
angry mob, numbering nearly one thou
sand, breathing threats of vengeance.
Miss Roth is employed at one of the
large stores and was going home to her
supper. She soon became aware that she
was followed and within a few' blocks of
her home entered a neighboring house for
the purpose of throwing the man off her
track. Alexander kept on and Miss Roth
again started home, and when at a point
nearly opposite the residence of Professor
Evans of the High School she was met
by Alexander, who seized her around the
throat and bore her to the ground. In
falling his finpers slipped from her throat
long enough to enable her to give a cry
for help. This cry was heard by Professor
Evans, who responded, when the assailant
left the girl and fled.
A crowd had gathered, among them a
young colored girl, who told who the as
sailant was. The police were notified and
Officer McDonald f ent out When at
Seventh and Cherokee streets Jhe officer
raw Alexander and upon undertaking to
arrest him the negro attempted to escape,
but a blow from the efficer's club reduced
him to submission, when he was taken to
the station.
News of the attempted assault spread
like wildfire and In a few moments the
streets aroundthe station- were filled with
a mass of excited men, demanding to
lynch Alexander if. he could be obtained.
The police In the meantime spirited the
man away- and -when • the - doors were
broken open no one was found. Alexander
was taken. out through an alleyway by the
police, placed in a- hack and driven to the
Kansas State Penitentiary at Lansing.
He will be kept there until the officers
deem it nafe to bring him to the city.
• Miss Roth recognized her "assailant and
identified him to the officers.- Alexander
has been watched by. the police lately, as
he Is the suspected murderer of Miss
Pearl Forbes, who was assaulted and
killed November 6, three blocks west of
the scene of to-night's assault
FEAR TURNS
HUMAN BEINGS
INTO BRUTES
Crush Seven Persons
to Death During
a Panic.
Children Thrown From the
Gallery Are Trampled
Under Foot
False Alarm of Fire at a Theatrical
Performance the Cause of a
Terrible Stampede.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— Seven persons were
crushed to death and as many more seri
ously Injured In a panic which followed
a man's cry of "fire" late this afternoon
In West Twelfth-street Turner HalL
About S:X) people In the place gathered to
witness the jx?rforraance of a play en-
Hiled '•The Greenhorn." •
The dead:
REBECCA LIN'DSLEY.
ANNIE GOLDBERG, aged 7 years.
REGINA MILLENBACH. aged 4 years.
ANNIE SALOMAN, aged 37 years.
GEORGE SHAFER. aped 9 years.
MRS. SAMUEL MENDELSOHN.
BIRDIE IDMANN.
The injured: Becky Afiler, aged 16, leg
broken; Bella. Adler, legs Injured; Joe
Becker, aged 6, body brui5ed and Internal
Injuries, taken home; Mamie Becker, left
arm badly bruised; Sarah Bloomgarden,
covered ¦with contusions from being
stamped upon; Rebecca Bloomgarden, ear
'.aoerated; Mrs. Sarah Cohen, internal in
juries; Louis A. Freedman. concussion of
the brain; Sarah Goldberg, right cheek
cut and badly bruised; Mrs. Nettie Hirsch
berg. body bruised; Minnie Hoffman, in
jured internally, may die; Fannie Jacobs,
contused, one eye cut; Myer Jacob?on, in
jured internally and leg severely bruised;
Abraham Kammerman. ankle crushed;
Hose Kammerman, internal Injuries; Mrs.
Sarah Keal. internally injured; MoUie
Mollia, -badly bruised; Kebeeca Richter,
Jepn crushed; Annie Crnssman, aged 8. in
jured internally; Bessie Kissman. aged 6.
lees crushed; Jacob rtiKsma.n. aged 10. left
log injured; Mrs. Ida Rissman, badly
bruiseC
The nixing: Mollle Frank, aped 5;
Harry Harris. Annie Lichtenstein, Fannie
Marknfss. Mrs. Fannie Mendelsohn and
two children.
The play was in Yiddish, and the audi
c-nce, comprising for the,most pact women
s^nd children, were all Hebrews. The hall
stands in a densely populated drstricL
When the cry vras raised it was only
five seconds until the entire audience was
cor.verted into a frantic mob, every mem
l»er cf which was fighting for the pafety
which lay beyond the doors of the build
ing.
The hall Is used for dances, and when
ei performance is given chairs are set for
(he spectators. As soon as the wild rush
toward the doors began chairs were
knocked down In every direction, the
fiisles disappeared and the excited 1 people
ran. climbed and stumbled over the chairs
en the way to the doors.
Around the upper part of the hall ex
tends a balcony which is open at only one
end. Here -were seated 100 -women and
children, and two men at tbe farther end
of the balcony, away from the stairway,
eecing that the rush toward the exit was
Mocked to them, began at once to throw
the little ones over the railing to the floor,
ten feet below. The children fell Into the
raidst of the maddenc-d throng and were
st once trampled un<5er foot. Three of
the dead were children who were thrown
from the balcony and trampled by the
crowd, -with not a chance for their lives.
F*ollo-wing the children, many of the
women rprar.g from the balcony upon the
crowd below, and others, swinging over,
Y.ung by their hands before they dropped.
The railing of the balcony was broken
through in half a dozen places by the
rrcssure brought against it by the mad
dened crowd.
On the main floor the crush was much
vorse than in the balcony. The main ex
its from the hall, and the only ones known
to a majority of those who frequent the
place, are two doors }n the south end of
the main auditorium, that open upon
winding stairs, which eight steps down
unite into one broader flight leading to
the main door of the Tweirth-street front
Around these two doors a frantic mass of
.-streaming men, women and children was
packed, all struggling fiercely to force
their way flown the stairs. At the land
ing, where the two flights of stairs wind-
Ir.g down from tbe main hall unite, a ¦wo
man stumbled and felL In an instant a
score of people were down and before the
rush was over three lives had been
crushed out in a space four feet wide by
6lx feet long.
Within five minutes after the beginning
ot the panic It was all over, and the police
and firemen who came hurrying" to the
scene of disaster were called upon to do
nothing beyond carrying away # the dead
and injured and keeping back the thou
eands of people who tried to force their
way into the building.
As soon as the news of the panic had
tpread throughout the district, which
B»-emcd but a very few minutes, all the
Hebrews from that part of the city rushed
tr. the place bent upon learning the names
of the dead and wounded. Men and women
fought desperately with the officers in
their efforts to enter the building and
learn if any of their loved ones were
among the dead. The crowd was so great.
bo excited and so unmanageable that sev
eral calls were sent for additional officers
and firemen before It could be restrained.
The Alarm of flre m-as false, there hav-
Irz been no blaze at any time..
WONDERFUL STRIKE
OF OIL IN TEXAS
Spouts From a Six-Inch Pipe in a
Solid Stream to a Height of 3j
Seventy-Five Feet. .
,, AUSTIN, Texas, Jan., 12.— There, is wild
'excitement throughout Southeast j Texas
over the. wonderful oil strike that has Just
been made three miles south of Beaumont.
The well Is owned by C. W. Lucas, who
to-day succeeded in making a test of the
flow, showing that the output for one hour
was more than. 700 barrels. At this rate
the well has a flow of 18.000 barrels per
day of twenty-four hours.
It Is the greatest oil strike in the his
tory of that' industry. The oil spouts out
of a six-inch pipe to a heightof seventy
five feet In a solid stream. The pressure
is bo great that no cap, can be placed on
the well and nearly EO.000 barrels of oil
have flowed Into the ravines -near the well.
These ravines are being drained as rapid
ly as possible, but many thousands of bar
rels of oil- have already gone to waste.
Prices of land in the vicinity of the well
have gone soaring skyward. One tract of;
ten acres j sold for $50,000. Fabulous of
fers are bcfnjr made for leases on'pros
pective oil lands of that section.
MOUNT PARDONS
WHXIAM W. ' KENNEDY
Man Convicted of the Murder of
' David Baker in Indiana Is at
ILast Free. ,
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 12.-Governor
Mount, who retires from office next Mon
day, r to-day pardoned " William W. Ken
nedy, who was 'sentenced to prison for
life In 18S5 for the murder of David Baker
at Greensburg, Ind." Kennedy was paroled
in 1E97 and has for several months been
attached to the sanitary service In Ha
vana.
. The case . attracted national attention
because of the efforts of Kate Kennedy,
the convicted man's sister, to secure his
pardon. Since his conviction she has ap
pealed to every Indiana Governor, ¦ but
without avail until to-day. Miss Ken
nedy, In man's garb, traveled over th'e
country, In an endeavor to locate the real
murderer. She , tramped her way "' and
never missed an opportunity, to interview
tramps and criminals with the view to
ascertaining the whereabouts of the man
for whose crime she claimed her brother
was suffering;
»
RAPID SPREAD OF LA
GRIPPE IN NEW YOBK
Hospitals Are Filled With Patients
Night and Day.
and. . Dispensaries Thronged
NEW. YORK, Jan. 12.— The wet weather
of -the past' three days v has Increased the
number of cases of tho grip. , All tho
hospitals are congested t and some • have
notified -the superintendent! of the ; outside
poor to send no ; more cases. The dispen
saries j are crowded - from morning jto
night and the entire force Is at:work pre
paring mixtures and- prescriptions for th*
ZriP. >¦. -, f --,..;. *..,-:n : " .-.X.
CASE OF MRS. NATION X
IS GIVEN A HEARING
Famous Kansas Saloon Smasher Wins
a Slight Victory in the
First Inning.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 12.— The case of
Carrie Nation came up in the Supremo
Court this morning. Attorney Allen, who
is Mrs. Nation's counsel, argued the ap
plication for a writ of habeas corpus.
The court ordered that a further hear
ing of the application should be continued
until Wednesday, th-a ICth, and that If
a trial is allowed In the city court of
Wichita on the 15th the "petitioner ta
admitted to bail in tha sum of $200.
If the quarantine still stands against
the petitioner a renewal of the applica
tion may be made Wednesday, the ICth.
This is a decision in favor of the peti
tioner, but it gives the city court ample
time to allow a trial , and declare the
quarantine off, if it "an be done, bef on;
the Supreme Court will hear the petition
for the writ.
the Vanderbilt-French
Nuptials.
GUESTS GATHERING
FOR THE WEDDING
Dinner Given Those Who "Will Attend
NEWPORT. R. I.. Jan. 12.— Although
the marriage of Alfred Gwynne \ ander
bilt, one of the richest Vanderbilts, to
Miss Elsie French does not occur until
Monday, a large number "of the guests ar
rived to-day. .Their arrival created quite
a stir.- but the feature of the day was the
elaborate dinner in the evening which the
bridegroom ' tendered to tho members of
the wedding party, including the brides
maids, the ushers and Intimate friends.
Tho dinner was given at the home of the
bride at Harbor View.
At the conclusion of the dinner a num
ber of the most costly and beautiful gifts,
which had been conveyed during- the d.ay
from one of the local banks to - the house,
were shown to the • guests. The evening's
festivities were closed with an informal
dance by the young people.
Preparations for the wedding are now
nearly completed. The ceremony will take
place In St. John's Church Monday ¦ noon,
followed by an elaborate breakfast served
by Delmonlco at the French residence.
Will Carry, Electoral Vote.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 12.-The Re-
electoral vote of lb« Ltate to Waihlnflrtba.
publican Presidential Electors to-day se
lected^ C,E. Loose o* Provo to take the
'¦'¦ The source *of ; this supply; Is the' Coyote
Creek, which": has its ' headwaters > near
Mount Harnilton.-runs south and turns to
a northerly direction near . Madrone.\. Con
tinuing ') north the creek passes ¦¦;. through
Sari Jose]. arid^continues\untilit ; empties
Into San' ;Francl8TO"-BaV."^Twp"Md-a'ha|f
'miles* south Vrid east'of Madrone* la ' a' deep
glehjf about'7aVmlle; in; length';Jandta F ; half
mile ¦ in iwldth ; wlth^precipltous • sides \ that
rise to a height* of 500 fe'et'in'm&nv.'niaitra.
proposed this entire water supply will bt
locked.in the new county of Las Anlmas
and will be lost to Santa Clara County.
Speculators may use it as they pleasa,
even to piping It to San Francisco as an
adjunct. or as a competitor to the Spring
Valley Water Company as conditions may
dictate. It should not be" understood that
the vast water supply, which Is threatened
by the proposed "division. Is the drinking
water supply of the county or of ,'. San
Jose. The drinking water supply of San
Jose Is obtained from! Los Gatos and will
in no way, be" affected ,by,, the proposed 'dl •.
vision. - The . supply ; which is threatened
Is that which feeds the orchards and farm
lands, being absorbed Into the rich alluvial
soil. - ¦' . • ':'• "•¦*. •¦,¦¦' .'¦ ¦ ?"'¦ '
EN0BM0US WEALTH IN WATER.
The most serious aspect of ] the whole
proposition,' of division Is unquestionably
that In which Santa , Clara County Is
threatened wltlrtluv loss of the tremen
dous water supply, which . has been of
such imme"asurable^bencflt to the county.
If the'division of the county Is 'made an
These three powerful interests, it is
claimed — speculative, political'; and com
mercial—are in a great combination to
divide . the county . and bring ruin to the
entire upper part of it. . Before division
is made, however, a most stubborn fight
will have' to be made. Opposition will be
agitated from - now. on until the proposed
measure, which has not , yet been, intro
duced, has been' defeated. • This contest,
which has interested more people in. San
Jose than'any other'ln year's, promises to
provoke a series of sensations.
He has clashed time and again with the
authorities of '.Santa Clara County, over
the manner In which he has conducted
his cattle business. Many of hla cattle
have been condemned and he has been put
to the recourse ¦ of expensive"- litigation.
He makes no secret of the fact, therefore,
that. he wants a county consisting almost
exclusively of dairy lands' and In which
his vast' interests will be protected and
considered as he wants them to be. ¦¦-, His
new county he .would call Las Anjmas.
. And there Is still a 1 . third element hi
what the people -of .the northern- part .of
the county believe to be a mammoth plot
to ruin them, destroy their orchards and
farms and immeasurably injure. Sari Jose
as a depot for the products of the county.
This third element ' is .represented ; by
Henry Miller, the cattle 'king, who thus
far ha-? been the only avowed and open
advocate' of division.- , Miller; has. abso
lutely no concern for 'the orchard and
farm landof the county. Heotyns vast
tracts of land- In the southern part of the
county and uses it for its only available
purpose— dairy land. . ; ¦
.But Eastern speculators are^noj^tlje. only
men leagued to seeucc a division of th«
county. There is net the .^lightest ques
tion that a powerful political combination
is In. the scheme not only: to secure ad
ditional patronage., ior a clique * of 'poli
ticians which has operated ; In San Jose
for many years, "out for future political
contingencies which may arise and .which
may make a new county government ..an
extremely valuable • adjunct for success/
So far has. this political phase of the
scheme gone that it Is common Kossip in
San Joee : who are to' flll ' the j' most Im-'
portant offices in- the new county. ¦
PLOT OF THE POLITICIANS.
This very scheme has been tried before.
The men who first atterapted.lt are, again,
in the field. If success rewards their ef
forts they will gain absolute control of
an enormous water supply , which . may
serve them in a variety of ways. If Santa
Clara County loses this supply,' which It
now enjoys,, an Irreparable Injury, it, is
claimed, will be worked to the splendid
orchard lands of the county.' :Tolose this
supply, the objectors to division Insist,
means ruin to Santa Clara County. And
it Is significant that the line of proposed
division is drawn just so as to place the
tremendous water supply within the
northern boundary of the new county.
The people of this city particularly are
in deep interest and already a sensation
has developed In. the affair. It Is charged,
and there is much to support the accusa
tion, that in the division of the county
Eastern speculators and promoters j have
schemed to secure control . of a gigantic
water supply, which Is one of the most
essential resources, if not absolutely the
vital one, of the county. This water sup
ply, which now contributes -vastly to tho
richness of the county, will, under the
proposed division, be . taken out { of the
county, can be converted Into a monopoly
and may be piped, if occasion demands, to
San Francisco.
. this session of the ' Legislature.
This widespread protest has not yet cry
stallized Into any definite action, but
prominent citizens are agitating the ne
cessity of Immediately holding- ! mass
meetings, educating public opinion and
importuning the Legislature not to inflict
upon the county what they believe will be
the most serious Injury of Its history.
posed division of the county at
SAN JO^E. Jan. 12.— The people tot
the entire northern part of Santa
Clara County — farmers, mer
chants, bankers and orchardlsts—
are up In arms against the pro-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Politicians, Eastern' Promoters and, a Cattle King in
Powerful - Combinations-Line of Division Craftily
Drawn to Place Vast Water Supply in.New County
DARING SPECULATORS PLANNING
A GIGANTIC WATER MONOPOLY IN
THE DIVISION OF SANTA CLARA
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.THE INITIATION OF COLONEL MARTIN BRADY. "BOGUS TELEGRAM" LYNCH AND JERE BURKE INTO THK
GOOD GOVERNMENT CLUB BY PRESIDENT SAM RAINEY AND SECRETARY MARTIN KELLY AT THE
STATE CAPITAL.
DESIGNED TO
END BOSSISM
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12.— Among the' many pri
mary election measures, that have been
introduced in. the Senate and Assembly
none is more interesting than Assembly
bill No. 112, introduced by James of Los
Angeles. It is based on 'the Mln'nesota
and Wisconsin laws, , which are modified
in It in conformity with California laws.
The feature of the law is a direct vote
at the primary election for the, party nom
inees. Instead of voting for delegates to
State, county and city conventions, the
elector votes directly for candidates for
nomination to the various offices, .
Party conventions may still beheld, but
their purpose will be to settle party pol
icy, to formulate party platforms and
possibly to Indorse in convention the can
didacy of individuals. But the ascend
ency in such convention of any clique or
boss cannot prevent the majority of the
electors qf a party from nominating at
the primary candidates who j-epresent its
wishes. •
Any number of electors associated to
gether for political purposes are entitled
to a column on the official primary ballot
Any person is eligible to be a candidate
for nomination who is a qualified elector
upon obtaining a petition signed by a
number of electors equal to 10 per cent of
the. number of votes cast at the last elec
tion for the candidates for- the office
which he cecks. •"-:,¦-.,! -
CALL, HEADQTJARTERS t/ SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 12.— While Bishop Potter of
the .'Episcopal church w"as % traveling
through Louisiana some years ago he ad
dressed inquiries to his fellow passengers
with a view of obtaining knowledge re
garding the orchards and fruit interests
of the State. t
' "Do you raise pears ln Louisiana" in
quired the Bishop. - ..
"We do," responded the Loulsianan, If
we have threes or better."
£ In the Assembly. Mr. Schillig of Yuba
and Sutler commended Mr. Ralston for
the position of Speaker pro tern. In the
eulogy it was said "Ralston of Calaveras
was raised in California." Over in the
Senate a finer distinction is observed. A
polished Senator would ray:- "The young
gentleman, was brought up in Calaveras
County." The Senators fancy that hogs
horses, mules and steers are "raised,
while men. even if elected to. the Assem-
J£ is" fclncUon Sot wtiblly. without \
PRESERVATION
OF FORESTS
to the Legislature
for Aid. ,
California Club Appeals
The California Club is earnestly keeping
up its fight on behalf of the forest preser r
vation in this State, and its energy in this
direction is forcing the importance of the
subject upon the attention of the legis
lators. . " , • . •
Senate joint resolution xso. 6, dealing
with forestry comes up for consideration
Tuesday. It is as follows:
W'herea s. . The United States owns in Cali
fornia eight millions , of acres « of forest re
8e \Vhereas More timber Is destroyed In the
State every year through forest fires than is
needed for five years of economic use. :.
Whereas. Roads should be constructed and
maintained, that the forests of enormous value
may be accessible and may be protected from
. "whereas The services of trained foresters are
needed tha't only trees *rlpe for the ax may be
cut thus introducing a system ; of forestry
successfully used In European countries. ¦ .
Whereas. The inauRuratlon of forestry as an,
income producing industry would rive employ
ment to hundreds of men, notably to soldiers
honorably discharged from the Government ser-
Wnereas, • Even a portion of the millions of
acres of Government reserves, under a' system
of forestry, would yield a revenue ¦ sufficient
In amoupt annually to purchase jail the groves
of Sequoias (giant trees nowhere else existing
in. the world) now owned by private parties;
therefore, be it . . " ¦¦¦¦'' ¦' . .
Resolved. By the Senate and* Assembly of. the
6tate of California, Jointly, that on behalf; of
the- interest 'of the United States Government
itself, we. urge .-, an , appropriation by •,. Con
gress of money to be expended in the accom
pllshment.of the objects: named . ln the above
preamble, and we instruct • our , Senators and
request our. Representatives to use their beat
efforts to accomplish the , purposes I herein ' rec
onmended.
difference, but that need not concern
Schilllgr or Ralston, as it Is not likely that
the public career of cither will extend
beyond the limits of the present session
of the Legislature. '- •
The representative of Calaveras Count/
Is. versatile If not able or brilliant. He
hid three candidates for Speaker and
promised in rapid succession to give to
each his support. He voted for Pendleton,
presumably because th* Los Angeles man
was the last to; enter the race. Had there
been a fourth candidate the gentleman
from Calaveras could have enlarged hla
promissory horizon. .
"Whfen Ralston announced his intention
to support Mr. Anderson he slgnlneci a
desire to be chairman of the Committee
on Mines j and Mining. When he went
from Anderson to Dunlap he still had the
same committee in view. In his ultimate
flop to Pendleton he kept the Committee
on Mines and Mining in mind and ob
tained the prize. . . .
The Speakership having been settled,
the statesman of the mother lode is turn
ins his attention to the battle for the
United States Senatorship, which will oc-
PROGRAMME
OF ELECTORS
Dignified Ceremony to
Attend Casting of the
CALL HEADQUARTERS,. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12. — Monday afternoon
will be'- one long remembered in the leg
islative -history of the State, |pr then
the Presidential Electors chosen at | the
last election will meet in state and sol
emn-ceremony to cast their ballots for
President of the. United States. It will
be a ceremony often performed here, but
never with such " formality and under
such circumstances. The aim is to make
the casting of the. ballot an event sur
rounded by all the dignity possible. . :
Preparations are being made by W. O.
.Bunks, sergeant at armfe of the Assembly,
to prepare the Assembly chamber for the
meeting. The desks of the Aesemblyraen
will . be moved ; back and seats will be
placed in front of them. Every Assem
blyman is supposed to have the Senator,
from his district sit with ¦ him, and , pro
vision will' be. made for tho wives and
friends of all. By request of the princi
pal of -the local High School the class in
civil government, numbering about forty,
will - attend 'in >' a body. \; The Assembly
chamber; will be handsomely decorated
with • flags and evergreens, a band and a
double quartet will be present to assist
in the- programme and everything will
I'C. done to make, the occasion one of dig
nity and ; importance. , . \ -''-'-
When the ceremonies shall have: been
completed -the ballot box, in which the
.vote for President will b» casf will- be
sent to President McKinley. and.the gavel
end block "with which the meeting -will
t.ecalled. to ,order:,will be sent to Vice
President-elect Roosevelt. »: The arrange
ments are • in : charge of : Jacob Step
pacher, assistant secretary of -the Repub
lican State .Central Committee.
cur two years hence. Already Calaveras
has. proclaimed .through its Representa
tive that Senator George C. Perkins must
be turned down. . When, Assemblyman
Ralston was asked to name the next Sen
ator he declined to give other information
than the simple statement that Senator
Perkins would not be the man.
This outspoken opposition from the
mother lode ought not to alarm the sen
ior Senator. He should study the per
formances of - the Calaveras statesman
In the contest for the Speakership. After
logical study, he will reach the inevitable
conclusion that Ralston, having declared
against him, will be for him, unless he
declares against some other candidate
The chairman of the Assembly Com
mittee on Mines and Mining should not
defer action on the senatorship. ' He
ought to select his candidate at 'this ses
sion, because the Republicans of Cala
veras may raise up another statesman to
hu st< i n it place ln the next Assem
n T h l lol ?by. once the refuge of the
present Speaker, may be the last resort
of the fapeaker pro tern.
Democratic Assemblyman from Los An
geles. Introduced a bill yesterday desig
nated as Assembly bill No. Ill, which em
bodies a radical attempt to raise the
standard of the California bar. It proba
bly will arouse strenuous opposition, but.
on the other hand, prominent lawyers and
jurists all over the State will lend their
earnest/support to the measure, either in
its present or in an amended form. Al
ready its author Is bombarded with re
quests for copies of it.
The basis of the system embodied in the
bill is a course of study in the law. to be
prescribed by the Supreme Court. The
applicant for admission to the bar. in ad
dition to certificates of good character,
must present certificates signed : by two
attorneys in good standing, each of whom
shall have practiced- In the courts of the
State for five years, setting forth that the
applicant has pursued the prescribed
course of study in one of two ways—
either for three years, nine months out of
each year, in the office of an attorney in
grood standing before the bar, or in a law
school of the State for two years, nine
months out of each year, and. during or
subsequent to which two years he must
have spent one year as a clerk In the of
fice of an attorney In good standing. „•
The applicant who presents these cer
tificates is entitled to examination, which
must be a strict test, both oral and'writ
ten. in every branch of. the prescribed
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12.— Frank James, the
Assemblyman. James
Hopes to Elevate
the Bar.
QUALIFICATIONS
OF ATTORNEYS
Resolved, That the Committee on Commis
sions and Public Expenditures, when engaged
In making investigations into public expendi
tures, be and they are hereby authorized to
send for persons and papers and to administer
oaths.
Xot one word was said either on the
floor of the Assembly or in the resolu
tions adopted regarding the Paris Com
mission. Regarding the matter Mr.
Mellck, the author of the substitute,
said:
"The papers put me in the light of
wanting an investigation of the Paris
Exposition Commission. That is wrong.
I was put. upon this Committee on Com
missions, and Public Expenditures with
out, my. knowledge or consent. The Paris
matter contained in the Governor's mes
sage was referred to this committee with
out my. knowledge. In 1897 I was on fhis
committee, and at that time I Introduced
the same resolution I did yesterday, giv
ing this committee special powers, I
don't know whether or not the commis
sion's affairs should be investigated. Be
fore I consent to be a party to the Inves
tigation.:! will have to believe there is
something 'rotten in Denmark' demanding
exposure, and further, that the commit
tee will give a fair and free investiga
tion."
"STATESMAN" RALSTON OF SACRAMENTO
THE LEGISLATURE'S ACROBATIC CLOWN
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 12. — Sacramento is dead and
dull and drizzling, and the few solons who
have elected to stay In town during the
two days' recess of the Legislature have
been driven off the streets by something
between a rain and a mist, with the , bad
features of both. j. - . '.
The one topic of interest to-night was
the problem presented, by affairs in the
Assembly Committee on Commissions ,an«l
Public Expenditures. Who will be the 1
chairman and. who will be the extra man
appointed in Anderson's place? is the
questiqn' bandied about the hotel lobbies,
and the pleasure and Interest of talking
about it is apparently the only result. It
is said now that the Governor wishes a
full investigation of the expenditures of
the Paris Exposition Commission and that
he said so in Los Angeles before the -Leg
islature opened. If that be true Bliss may
be made chairman, for he was less open
and aggressive in' the Ahden=6n campaign
and he ha«f that as a virtue to recommend
him to the Pendleton administration, ' Me
lick has no hope of getting the appoint
ment under any circumstances, but If the
Governor means business 1 when he says
he wishes to see the commission'thorough
ly investigated Mellck may be given the
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
chairmanship of tha committee with per
mission to proceed.
The Paris, Coramlfc&ioners, .while they
were appointees of the Governor, are be
yond his control. He cannot remove and
cannot- investigate, as by the act creat
ing- the commission it and the $130,000 al
lowed it are placed J>eyond the control ofi
the Board of Examiners, of which the.
Governor Is the head. ! At the extra ses
plon the Governor~feansed"to be introduced
a bill to allowr him * to remove Gommts^
sloners appointed by him when in" his
judgment removal^ was necessary or ad
visable, but the Legislature would not
pass the bill. He is In a position, there
fore, to tell the LeRislature to do as it
pleases 'and Investigate as much as it can.
So far; as the investigation itself is con
cerned opinions are divided. Whether or
not it will ever come off is something no
one will undertake to say, but all admit
it Is up to the Governor and that if he
has no interest in tho matter the investi
gation will go 6n.
Representative Stewart of Amador yes
terday offered a resolution that the Com
mittee on Commissions and Public Ex
penditures,be directed to inquire into the
management of all . State commissions.
Melick offered the following, which was
adopted as a substitute: ;
Speculation Rife as to Alden Anderson's Successor
. to GKairrnansnip i-He Has Relinpisliefl.
An applicant from a sister State or for
eign country where the common law of
England prevails is entitled to examina
tion or to admission without examina
tion according to the discretion of the ex
aminers if he can produce certificates
showing: his admission to the bar and flv»
years' practice in the courts of such sister
State or country. For those applicants
who have standing before* the bar in such
States, but who have not practiced five
years, it is probable that a clause will be
added making the candidate eligible to
examination provided the standard for ad
mission to the bar In the State from
which he presents credentials is equal to
that of this State.
An alien who possesses the specified
qualifications as to character and prepa
ration is entitled to examination if he
shall have taken out hla first papers In
naturalization. In such case he may be
admitted to practice, but if he shall fall
to take out his final naturalization paper3
within six months after he becomes en
titled to them his admission to> the bar 13
revoked.
course of study. The examination must
be conducted by Justices of the Supreme
Court, or three Supremo Court commis»
plcners. designated by the Justices, or. by
three attorneys appointed by the Justices
If the burden of these examinations b<»
comes too great for the Justices or the
rcjrular commissioners. Attorneys so ap
pointed shall receive (23 per day for tha
time actually devoted to the examina
tions.
STOCKTON, Jan. 12.— Senator Muente?
came over from Sacramento on Friday a
sick man and has developed a case of
pneumonia. He is at his home- near
l.athrop and will not be able to appear
in his seat in the Legislature for several
His condition is not serious, but
his physicians sny it is one that requires
constant attention.
Senator Sluenter's Illness.
GOVERNOR FAVORS AN INQUIRY
INTO THE COMMISSION'S ACTS
Resolved. That the board of directors of tho
State Agricultural Society most heartily In
dorse the bills presented by Senator Devlin
and Assemblyman Johnson to the Legislature,
and earnestly urge the passage of the same.
The- matter of a secretary for the board,
to take the place made vacant by the
resignation of Peter Shields, recently
elected to the Superior bench of Sacra
mento County, was not gone Into. Harry
Lowden. ¦who ¦was assistant secretary, was
made acting- secretary on the retiretnent
of Judge Shields last month, and it is
probable that this arrangement will con
tinue for some time.
Those present at the> meetlnic this morn
ing 1 were A. B. Spreckels. Colonel Park;
Henshaw. John TV. Mackay. W. H. Cham
berlain. General A. "W. Barrett, Dr. TV. P.
Matthews and J. TV. Wilson. Thpre will
be another meeting here next week In
conjurction with the Sacramento and San
Joaquin chambers of commerce, to con
sider th* bills.
The following stakes were- provided for,
to be run at coming State fairs:
OCCIDENT STAKE.
1900— Entries. 52: second payment, 34:
third payment, 22: fourth payment. 4.
1901 — Entries, fio; second payment. 43;
third payment, 26.
1902— Entries, 90; second payment. 53.
1903-Entries. 100.
STANFORD STAKE.
1900 — Entries, 30r second payment, 21:
third payment, .14; fourth, payment.-- 1*
1901— Entries, 50; second payment, 43;
third payment, 23.
1302— Entries, 72; second payment. 50.
FUTURITY STAKE.
190O— Entries. 43; 1901. entries, 31; 1902.
entries, 168. v ,
Agpicultppal Societu Directors
Urge Passage of the Measure.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 12.— The directors of the
State Agricultural Society met this
morning to consider how 'best It
could promote the bill providing an
appropriation of 5100,000 for Improv
ing the State fair grounds. The bill
provides for the sale of some valuable
Sroperty on Eighth street. In Sacramento,
elonging to the society, the proceeds
to be expended in the purchase of other
and cheaper lands adjoining the present
fair grounds and race track. The appro
priation of $100,000 is Intended for the erec
tion of new grand stands, new stables
and etock buildings and the other build-
Ings necessary for the proper equipment
of the track and grounds, besides neces
sary improvements to the grounds them
selves.
The commission passed the following
resolution:
Whereas, The condition of the buildings,
barns, show rings and other appurtenances of
the California. State Agricultural Society is
such as to interfere with the work and highest
usefulness of said society, and that it la un
able to carry on its work as Indicated by the
necessities of the State and in keeping with
our vast agricultural and Industrial possibili
ties; and.
. Whereas. The proper eiuipment and main
tenance of said society ana sufficient provision
for the annual State fairs given under Its man
agement is necessary to the continuation of said
work and of Inestimable advantage to Cali
fornia; and;
Whereas. The annual exhibitions given by
our said society have been of inestimable ad
vantage and value to our State, and are neces
sary to the maintenance of our present agri
cultural growth, and progress; now. therefore,
belt
INDORSE THE STATE
FAIR GROUNDS BILL
the character and time of Examinations
and similar questions. Thomas J. Kirk,
State Superintendent of Schools, was
shown the measures before their Intro-'
duction and he did not hesitate to express
his disapproval. He said this evening:
"The Superintendent of Schools of San
Francisco occupies a unique position.
Legally he is in the position of the County
Superintendent, while in the practical
working out of his duties he is a city
superintendent.' The '"bills which Mr.
Kirgfbury showed to me are praiseworthy
if the San Francisco schools alone are to
be- considered. They seek to give Super
intendent Webster only such powers as it
Is desirable that he. as a city superin
tendent, should possess. But in doing
that, the method employed is to enlarge
the powers and multiply the duties of
county superintendents.
"Now {J\q county superintendents do
not want the Increase of duties, because
the discharge of them is practically im
possible. It Is absurd to expect a county
superintendent who has oversight of 140
schools, for instance, to devote attention
to the grading of individual pupils. The
county sui>erintendent must devote most
of his attention to the administrative
side, while the city superintendent can
concern himself more directly with what
is termed the professional side of school
work.
"There ought to be some way to remedy
the unsatisfactory condition in San Fran
cisco without the enactment of laws which
will be unjust in their operation over the
remainder of the State. In my opinion
these* bills will not bocome laws, for coun
ty superintendents and city superintend
ent^ all over the State will be a unit in
opposition to them."
i the law of 1SS5. regulating the sale and dis
tribution of water within the State.
A. B. 1SS, "Stewart— Amending section 37S5 of
the Political Code,, relating to tax collections.
A. B. ISP. Stewart — Amending section 1276 of
the Code_of_ Civil Procedure, relating to appli
cations for chanpe of name".
A. B. 130, Wright— Exempting from taxation
a portion of the property held in trupt for the
btneflt of the inland Stanford Jr. University.
A. B. 191. Wright-^Grantfhg to the trustees
of Iceland Stanford Jr. University corporative
powers and privileges.
A. B. 192. Hasaon— Amending- section 184 of
the county government act of 1897.
A. .B. 193. Hasson— Appropriating. J105 10 to
pay the claim of J. C. NicholB.i " •
A. B. . 194. Ilaeson — To validate certain nets
and proceedings had un»Jer the drainage'dis
trict organization act of 1S97; ¦ .
A. B. 1S5. Hasson — Amending sections, 3, 5.. 6
and 19 of the drainage district organization act
of 1S?7. •
'¦ A. B. 196, Cromwell — Amending* sections 4 and
: 5 of the act of 1866 passed for the protection of
sheep and cashmere and angora goats. • . • < ¦
A. B. 197. Hanen— Appropriating {23,000 for
the erection of a connecting building • at the
Mendoclno State Hospital.
A. B. ' 19S. Hanen— Appropriating $21,000 for
thp purchase of additional lands for the Mendo
elno State Hospital.
A. B. 1J>9. Hanen — Providing for an electric
plant for lighting the buildings and grounds of
the Mendoclno State Hospital, and appropriat
ing J7009 fcr the purpose. '
A. B. 2<V», Hanen— Appropriating JJOOO for an
ice machine and cold etorage plant for Mendo
cino State Hospital.
A. B. 201, Anderson of Santa Clara — Placing
a fee on granting naturalization and giving the
proceeds to the University of California.
A. B. 2C2, Anderson of Santa Clara — Amend
ing cectlon 4S7 of the Penal Code relating to
bail. ''¦ '•
A. B. 203, Anderson of Solano — Providing for
the levy of feea on corporations of -other States
and 'of foreign countries, and giving the pro
ceeds to the University of California.
A. B. -04 — Anderson of' Solano— Kstabliehlng
an inheritance tax, the proceeds to be turned
<>ver to the University of California fund.
75 A. B. 305, Anderson of Solano— Amending sub
division 2 of section 41<t of the Political Code
by increasing the fees for filing articles of .cor
poration and turning the proceeds over to the
University of California.
A. B. 205, Anderson of Solano-^-To 'prevent
fraud In the sale of parls greenl
A. B. 207, Collins— Appropriating $25,000 for
new buildings at the State normal school at
Chlco.
A. B. 208. Cans— Re'.atlng to mutual life,
health and accident Insurance on the assess
ment plan.
A. B. 209. Evatt— Appropriating $8111 15 to
pay the claim of Major Jiwp Ramon Pico. '
A.- B. 210, John— Appropriating $n0,00n for a
polytechnic school in San Luis Obispo County.
'A. B. 211. John— Appropriating $11,675 S2 to
pay the claim of Claus Spreckels.
A. B. 212. John — Amending section 737 of the
Political Code. .
A. B. 213, Johnson— Fixing Monday as the
day upon which prisoners shall be discharged
from prisr.n. -
A. B. 214, Hourigan — limiting the hours of
service of persons employed in laundries.
A. B. 2J5. James— Amending section 159 Of the
county government act of 1897.
A. B. 186. Stewart — Amending sections' 1. 2
• r.d 10 of an act entitled "An act to define
the duties of and to license land surveyors,"
ft Proved MareS ZU 1SSL "
A. B. IK. Stewart— Amending section 6 of
A. B. 1S5. Stewart— Amending section 1570 of
the Penal Code, relattng to the disposition of
lines. '
A. B. 1S4, Bennink— Providing for the levy of
ft special tax for specific public Improvements
•within municipalities.
A. B. 1S2, Barnes— Amending section 264 of
the Penal Cbde, relating to punishment for
rape.
A. B. 1S2. Bennlnk— Amending section S£2 o*
the municipal incorporation act -of 1SS3. ,
A. B. 1S1. Barnes— Amending section 1270 of
the Penal O!ode, relating to disposition of fines.
A. B. 179, Brown of Ran Mateo— Relative to
appointment to office of relatives of Judges.
A. B. ISO. Brown of Ran Mateo— Amending
the law of J$3a. relative to the fees of county,
township and other officers and witnesses.
A. B. 178, Brown of Baa Mateo— To enable
Bteam railroad corporations to complete their
railroads, and authorizing the construction of
railroads.
A. B. 177, Drown of Ran Mateo— Fixing the
boundary between Ban Francisco and San Ma
teo counties at the line surveyed by Charles
8. Tilton. William B. Gilbert and D. Brown
field in August to December, 189S.
A.' B. 176, Brcwn of San Mateo — Amending
iwetion $S3 of the municipal corporation act of
1SS3.
A. B. 174, Brown of San Mateo — Providing for
the establishment of libraries within munici
palities.
A. B. 175, Brown of San ilateo—Amendlnjc
section 6S8 cf the municipal corporation act of
1SS3.
A. B. 173. Dunlap— Amending section 600 of
the PpueI Code, relating to malicious destruc
tion of property.
A. B. 17!. Dunlap — Amending flection 343 of
the Penal Code, requiring pawnbrokers to keep
a register.
A. B. 16S. Dunlap— Amending section 502 of
the Penal Oode and making sections SS3, 342 and
343 applicable to junk dealers, second-hand
dealers, bargain stores and their employes.
A. B. 163. Dunlap— Making the burning of
property under t'S, In value a misdemeanor.
A. B. 170. Dunlap— Providing for the support
of indigents.
A. B. 171. Dunlap— Amending section 339 of
the Penal Code.
A. B. 1C7, Dunlap— Amending sections 1457 and
lf"0 of the Penal Code, relating to the disposi
tion of fines. • -
A. E. ' 1C6, Dunlap— Amending section 1238 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to pur
pofies for which eminent domain may be ex
ercibed.
A. R. 165, Dunlap— Amending section 538 of
the Penal Cooe. relating to malicious mischief.
A- B. 163. Hlpby— Appropriating $9063 to pay
the deficiency for transporting of insane and
feeble-minded children for the forty-ninth,
fiftieth, fifty-first and fifty-second years.
A. B. 164. Dunlap — Amending section 164 of
the county government act.
' A. B. U7, Johnron— Repealing sections 13C7
to 13*0. both Inclusive, of the Political Code,
relating to primary elections.
A B. 15S, Johnson— Amending section 11S6 of
the Political Code, defining ballot. ¦.¦..',•¦•..
A. B. 159, Johnson— lielatins to party con
ventions.
A. B. 160, Johnson — Relating to the election
of delegates to nominating conventions.
A. B. 1G1, Johnson— Amending eectlon 1119 of
the Political Code.
A. B. 1C Johnson— Pertaining to primary
elections.
A. B. ISC, Johnson— Amending section 118S of
the Political Code, relating to election tickets
and ballots.
A. B. !«.' Johnson— Providing for the elanei-
Ccation of the roads in the State of California.
A. B 150. Johnfun— Amending sections 4, 6,
6. 10, 13, 14 of the art to prevent cruelty to
animals, apiiroved March 10. 1874.
A. B. 151, Johnson — Amending section 2631 of
the Political Code, relating to the general road
fund.
. A. B. 132. Jrhnson— Appropriating: $100,000 for
a ryFtem of State highways.
A. B. 153. Johnson— A pprojwlaLting $76,000 for
a hospital for Insane convicts.
A. B. 154, Johnson— Amending section 2643 of
the Political Code, relating to duties of Super
visors respecting roads.
A B. ISK. Johnson — Amending section 2653
of the Political Code, relating to highway taxes.
A. B. 118, Johnson— To provide for a Joint In
vestigation with the** Federal Government of
the water resource* of the State.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12.— Among the
Assembly bills introduced yesterday were
the following:
Corrie Up for Con
sideration.
Some of the Measures to
NEW BILLS IN
THE ASSEMBLY
Two years ago. after the discontinuance
cf the normal school by the city Board
of Education, a bill was introduced In the
Legislature making: the school a State in
stitution and, providing an appropriation
of $50,000 for its maintenance. This bill
went through, but there was not sufficient
to do more than provide payment for the
teachers and the incidental expenses of
the school, and so it continued to hold
sessions in the Girls' High School build
in*.
Several bills have been Introduced in the
Senate which are designed to confer cer
tain powers upon the Superintendent of
the San Francisco schools. In order that
it may not lx» special legislation, the
measures are framed to enlarge the pow
ers of county superintendents, and in so
doing duties are laid upon such officers as
are not desired by them and which do not
meet the approval of educators through
out the State. Among the added powers
are those of grading pupils, determining
the number cf pupils that may be assigned
to a room, the number of desks to a room.
MENTO, Jan. 12.— There is under prepara
tion for presentation to the Legislature
a bill to provide an appropriation of $100.
000 for the erection of buildings and the
purchase of the necessary furniture to
e<juip a State Normal School in San Fran
cisco. The Board of Education of San
Krancipco will request from the Board of
Supervisors permission to transfer a lot
adjoining th» Girle' Hiph School on Scott
ttreet to the State for normal school pur
pose?, contingent upon the passage of the
Lill providing the $100,000 appropriation.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN FRANCISCO MAY
GET NORMAL SCHOOL
Bill Carrying $100,000 Appropri
ation Will Be Presented.
GAGE WANTS THE PARIS EXPENDITURES INVESTIGATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
14
BBBBBflflBBflflBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBB
¦RHEUMATISM CURED i
BB . '' ;: l i :'•:-' - * Bfl
g By Dr. McLauchlin's Electric Belt: |
B n , , ,, , • 39 Merchants' Exchange Bldg., San Francisco, Cal. d
¦ „_• Dear Sir: I wish to say that your Electric Belt has cured me at the age of —^—¦'"^''V/U 5 '^?/''""**"*-^
™ iS' of weakness in back and kidneys, so that I can now stoop or stand erect, dress U. i»* . jZT*^" *1
b; and undress more easily than for vears; it has also restored, me to vipror and s~ ,^r^& \ -sr / ¦
II sound health. ' 'Very truly yours, A. C. HAMMOND, f*" 5 *^* "^^'V^^ 1^^^. \ ¦
| DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. Si^y^^ I
B There Is, nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigroratinp. nothing that will JSS^^^^^^'^^^^^^L «2
¦ relieve weakness and pain as speedily and surely as Dr. McLaushlln's Electric h^^^^ • 35£§S§jS2saA S3
¦ Belt. It is simple, but grand. It assists nature by a peneral reinforcement of the JySBSftas^a-,^ I »
B vital enersry by infusinsr a mild. Invigorating current of Electricity into the fStSl^^C^vi^^^SfSt^ m
H nerves and by supplying- the system with the very essence of nerve vigor and |WH^^^^Pff^^^^S©^^3 «§
wm Tho greatest men in the world of medicine and science say "ELECTRICITV WSSnJSx^^'^^^iSEBsrm 3
= IS LIFE." It Is the strenRth, the vljjor and, in fact, the very life in the body, «BSs? *^ '^^ei-V^ SESElr *
g and Dr. McLaugrhlin's success in making use of its life-giving power proves its iKSEK./// /'¥?> \v fS&Ssf H
H merit. With his Electric Belt he has cured JO.000 weak men during the last five ¦ I tt z -\ SU
¦ , years-men who had been troubled with general debility, wasting weakness— / ¦ ' ref v *£2&23r - ss
B men who had been able to get no benefit from drugs. Many of these cases were >33:£"'" SJ
g .pronounced incurable by doctors who hed failed to cure/ them.? But they have . • "P" \F 5
aj been cured, and they stand ready to testify to it.. "¦,--• ¦¦ ' - .. . ' . . Ki JK _>T "
JJ ARE YOU WEAK? ACT TO-DAY. CALL OR SEND FOR MY 80-PAGB BOOK. O
Sj, --'¦¦*¦¦'"- You can^be a stronger man than you are. You should be stronger. You should have more confidence in yourself Steel vem,. B
B nerves with this electric current. Feel lt» warroln* glow as Dr. McLauehlln's Electric Selt saturates you body with It It hi* m?2f ¦
|| hundreds. of vigorous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It. will cure you If you will try It. * maae PI
bb. i r If i you. have Rheumatism.' Um« Back, Sciatica, Lumbajoor weakness in the nerves jor vital prgans, you o«&at to consult rn« H
¦ McLaughlln. He will tell you whether his Belt will cure you and give you his advice free. Call and test the i«werfui current thfi ¦
¦ wonderful Belt give? and gee how easily it is regulated. Don't be lmorant of a remedy which may correct all your naVt mb.»«fr!2 M
B .and assure your future happiness. If you cannot call send for Dr. McLauchlln's Book.which Is devoted t»tne weataesJ Tof tnen- t^nl m
H the cause of early decay, in youn* and mMdle-aged men. It shows '-how Electricity, properly applied. wIU restore this nower .J.1
g gives the proof. Send tor At to-day. It U free. A call preferred. Call or address: - pp»~. wm restore mis power, and a
i HR M II MpI flllfiHUN T02 mark^t street, s
1 Ulla Ifli Ui muLHUUnLI ll f San Francisco, Cal. g
BBBBBKBBBBBBflBBBBEBBBBBBEBBBBaBHBflBBBBaSBaBBBaaBBBBaaHBaBaaOSaasaaslA genius Is generally a man : who-lets
his wife take in washing to support him.
To-morrow I % will - sell ; '500 men's ' suit?,
single or double" breasted sacks, in various
shades : also woolen cheviots, worth $12.50.'
for, only $4 65 a suit. Will also sell at the
tame time and place 250 men's overcoats,
box i. tan coverts or Oxford gray cheviots,
all "wool. 1 velvet: collars. * to-morrow. ..for
74.65.rat the clothing assignee sale of the
Boston,". 775 Market street, near fourth, P.
C. - Kelly, assignee. . ; •
Stilts and Overcoats for Hen.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The new steamer
Hawaiian, which * is one ¦ of the • fleet ; l of
seven , largo cargo steamers of the Ha
waiian. .Steamship Company,*, arrived to-'
'day from Philadelphia to ... load * f orj San
Francisco and -Honolulu, the ports on tha
route of the new line. BMMwia
Hawaiian at New York.
WEST POINT, N. Y., Jan. 12,-As a re
sult of the mental examination Just con
cluded the following: cadets, among
others, were ¦*, found deficient irn^ their
studies and discharged, from the Military
Academy: Third class— B. R. ; McCroskey,
California; fourth, class — Thomas Dun
can, at large: F. A. Garges, Nevada; J. a
Storer, Idaho. 'itf8ff'i^BDLlDj]Q?^lfTF|TBffa
Discharged From West Point.
TRENTON, N. J... Jan. 12.— The Amer
ican Cigar Company, . capital $10,000,000,
wa3 Incorporated here to-day. James B.
Duke is among ' the incorporators. The
company is understood to have been
formed for the purpose of taking ; charge
of the manufacturing department of the
American Tobacco Company's business.
Cigar Company Incorporates.
-.The. other speeches .were principally by
members who had been .disappointed in
not 'having special -projects provided for
in the bill.
. The main feature was an elaborate
speech by Catchings of -Mississippi in de
fense of the improvement -of the lower
Mississippi River. Catchings retire*
from the House March 4, after fourteen
years of service.' during several of- which
he was. chairman. of . the- River and Har
bor ..Committee and during -all , of which
time he has been the special champion
of .'the Improvement of the navigation 1 of
the Mississippi. His speech to-day was
In the nature of a valedictory.' It received
marked; attention and' at it3 conclusion
Catchings was given an Impressive per
sonal ovation. ITOl miim nflTfnjTlWiMTJli
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— After an hour
spent in miscellaneous routine business,
during the course of which several bills
of minor Importance were passed, the
House devoted to-day to a continuation
of the debate upon tne river and harbor
appropriation bill, which was interrupted
yesterday by private bill day.
Catchings Makes Another
Strong Plea for the
Mississippi.
URGES RIVER
IMPROVEMENT
."The. plaintiff's lawyers here, as In New
York," made charges of - an ¦ unlawful act
on my.part, but the reason why the plain
tiff failed to Institute a criminal action on
this side '¦ of , the ¦ ocean wasr'palpable - both
in France and England. - ¦¦>;-¦-".
: "By -French sand English law, a person
of my ? position i and fortune Is not called
upon. to say.what he does with goods pur
chased on. credit. ¦-¦" ' >,, -. .-.- r-- - ¦- '•- •-„
,; "If a gentleman of standing. in the com
munity * has >¦' a ¦¦:-' fortune .warranting • such
purchases = he may ; sell or give away, the
goods .without : laying himself' open to the
charge ;¦ of ¦ committing .; an ¦; unlawful act.
His i fortune - guarantees : ; responsibility j In
all .such cases ; and the courts fully recog
nize the' situation.?- " ¦¦" .
/. "The New York statements." said the
Count, . "are In no wls^ different from
those uttered by Wertheimer's lawyers In
the recent suit brought here ln Paris, yet
how i little ?¦: those impressed the - French
court , was manifest by the • State's Attor
ney- simply recommending the appoint
ment of experts. : :_
NEW YORK. Jnn. 12.— A dispatch to the
World from Paris says: The Count Bonl
de Castellane was asked to make public
his,, reply to the charges of the London
art 'dealer that : ha (the Count) had not
only bought articles of virtu to the 'value
of . $337,000, for 'which ho Aad never "paid,
but that; he had resold the articles at a
profit, having promised to jetum them to
the dealers. ' * •
Has a Right to Sell TJnpaid
for Goods If Hs
Chooses.
COUNT BONI
MAKES REPLY
HEALTH OF QUEEN
¦¦ CAUSES ANXIETY
Eyes Source of Much Suffering and
Events of the Past Year Have
Preyed on Her Nerves.
Special Cnble to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1801, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, Jan. 12.— The greatest care Is
being taken to keep lnf( rmation- as to tha
real state of the Queen's health out of the
newspapers, although every now and then
leakages occur. If all I hear from private
sources is true her .Majesty's entouraj;*
are more .than concerned over the state
of her health. Her ev-?s, too, are causing
a great deal of sulerlng. A well-known
oculist is comics over from Germany next
week to see not only ilie Queen but Prin
cess Christian.
HABRIS IS MENTIONED
AS GBIGGS' SUCCESSOR
The Queen has, had to bear during the
last year more than the usual burden of
sorrow and anxiety that befalls most
women of her age. Tiih war has prey od
on her nerves to an alarming extent. The
deaths of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg. Pin«*e
Christian Victor and Lady Jane Church
ill, have boen terrible i lows to her. Add
to these the ever-pre«ent anxiety about
the Empress Frederick and her indigna
tion at the way the Princess Artbert of
Anhalt has been treated by her worthier
husband and it is not astonishing that her
health should be far from satisfactory.
Present Minister to Austria May B«
Offered the Position of Attor
ney General.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 12.— It Is ru
mored here that from Information re
ceived from intimate friends and lieu
tenants of Senator Fairbanks, it has been
learned that A. C. Harris of this city,
who is Minister to Austria, will be the
new Attorney General In President Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet.
Poem by the Pope.
ROME, Jan. 12.— .The Observatore Ro
mano publishes a I^atin poem written by
the Pope and dedicated to Christ on the
occasion of tho beginning of the new cen
tury. « '
Aristocratic swimming schools In England
are causing a sensation and grievance.
Ladies have taken up this form of
keenly, and championships for women are
being instituted ail over the country. An
amateur swimming association has caused
a thunderclap by sending out an an
nouncement that in future female com
petitors will be allowed to wear only black
or dark blue costumes. The reasons
given are the danger to the skin from the
shades of red which are bo popular, but
the action was really prompted by several
fashionable swimmers appearing ln such
light shades of pink that the spectators
were startled out of all interest ln the
contest.
There died in London this week In pov
erty a character once well known in New
York and London and Paris— Henry A. de
Lille, who married Olive Logan years ago.
He was connected with several New York
newspapers. While in Paris he greatly
aided, in a confidential capacity, Napo
elon. One of his sons was formerly Con
sul at Sheffield, and l.e was made a Chev
alier of the Legion of ; Honor by Napo
leon. Poverty and illness made his clos
ing days tragic.
Another death. this week was that of
James de Foe, the last male descendant of
the author 6f "Robinson Crusoe." He was
SO years old.
The visit of the Prince of Wales to the
Duke and Duchess of Devonshire at
Chatsworlh was one of the most bril
liant affairs of the kind ever known. Earls
and countesses and other members of the
nobility elbowed each other in the spa
clous halls. The women were magnifi
cently dressed, wearing their family
diamonds. The private theater was
transformed into a veritable Ghetto of
beauty. Miss Muriel Wilson was gener
ally conceded to be the handsomest of the
performers, who, • with the taste ho often
noticed in English amateurs, elected to
play "The Pantomime ReheaTsal," a bur
lesque of the shortcomings of amateurs
themselves. The visit terminated to-day.
William Waldorf Astor entertained a
big party at Cliveden on Thursday. A
few Americans v/ere Invited and no very
great ladles were present. This was the
lirst time Miss Astor has taken up the po
sition of mistress of "her father's home.
The prettiest American girl present wa3
Mrs. Harry Hlggins* daughter. Miss
Breeze, who was in lilac satin. Among the
few military men present was Captain
Ames of the Life Guards, the tallest man
ln the British army.
Senator Proctor's Italian marble corner
draws forth from To-Day an indignant
protest. It says:
"Who, for instance, is Senator Proctor,
that he should create lor his own enrich
ment a Fcarcity of Carrara marble, in
which the highest art of all ages in Eu
rope has found its noble expression." and
so on in a similar strain, maintaining
that the Senator has no right to assume
a dictatorship of the world's art.
But it is not only in commerce that the
spread of American leaven ia so patent.
In the national game, Rugby football,
hitherto so distinctive of American rules,
and whose devotees wore so proud of the
fact, the British are now beginning to
closely imitate the distinguishing features
of gridiron play. At the recent Kngland
and Wales match, when 40,000 spectators
were present, the experts were amazed to
see what was called the "puzzling hand
to-hand passing of the Welsh team."
This Was nothing more than the familiar
snapping back practiced by all American
colleges, but which i? a revelation hero.
It had no small effect in securing for
Wales a sweeping victory.
Kven from the Philippines corner recom
mendations to adQpt American methods.
Mr. Percivall of London v. rites 'to the
Times from Manila, urging the British
troops in South Africa to use the tunic
pleat worn by the American troops to pro
tect the spine, and also their webbing
cartridge belt and method for preserving
surgical dressing. The suggestion about
the belt is already in force An American
firm has a newly erected factory here
turning out to its fullest capacity these
belts tor the War Offlce. -
"Small wonder, indeed," says the Daily
Telegraph, "tnat the British fruit-grower
has cause for complaint that the Demand
is not what it was tor his products." Cal
ifornia fruit appears to be making tre
mendous inroads into the English Jam
trade
The Daily Telegraph calls attention to
the enormous increase in the use of Amer
ican confectionery in Kngland, which, it
says, would be even greater than it is
were the American manufacturers to
show more elasticity in trade methods.
It also declares that America, is soon like
ly to be supplying "jaw brftks." The most
suitable campaigning samples have al
ready been submitted to .Lord Roberts
and have been sent back for improvement.
These are now assured.
Drury's invention is described as the
simplest yet devised. It is capable of
spinning the toughest yarns from asbestos
or peat moss without difficulty. Urury
left Boston two years age.
Tho great woolen and allied trades
threaten to be revolutionized by an Amer
ican machine which Is now operating- at
Bradford. "What it all will open up Is
not fully apparent at first sight," says the
Bradford Observer, "but it looks as if the
position at present occupied by Arkwright
and Crompton in the world of inventors
during the nineteenth century is to be
superseded by Drury in the twentieth.
How is it that this idea was left to a
Yankee lawyer to bring out?"
"Lost opportunity," says the Morning
Post, "is the keynote, and the Britain
which could dictate its will to the ends
of the earth is to-day a myth."
LONDON, Jan. 12.-Great Britain's de
cadence is becoming quite a popular
theme. Self-debasement and self-flagella
tion seem to be congenial to the chastened
spirit of the nation, forced to realize,
through the accumulation of reverses,
military, diplomatic and industrial, that
Great Britain's predominance dream, la
past. It is almost a dally occurrence for
some great Ixmdon newspaper to parade
the shortcomings of the country. Institut
ing comparisons with the United States
and Germany little complimentary, to
Great Britain.
American Methods and Trade
Creating Havoc in the
United Kingdom.
Paraded by the
Newspapers.
Shortcomings of Nation
DECADENCE OF
GREAT BRITAIN
IS ADMITTED
PARIS, Jan. 12.— Ugly stories are leak-
Ing out concerning the behavior of part
of the crew of the steamer Russle,
wrecked off Faraman, Bouches-du-Rhone,
Monday, whose crew and passengers,
numbering 102 persons,, were rescued by
boats from the shore yesterday. The
Matin publishes an interview with a pas
senger who said tne conduct of some of
the sailors was beneath contempt. The
Hrst mate had to enforce obedience at the
muzzle of a revolver and waa obliged to
pass the nights with his loaded pistol ln
nis hand. These assertions are confirmed
by two lady passengers. The other pas
sengers, adds the correspondent, while
praising the ofncVrs, maintain a signifi
cant silence regarding the seamen.
A correspondent • of the Petit Parisien
alleges that discord prevailed on board
ln consequence of the conduct of two
women, vaudeville artists, and certain
other passengers, declaring that scandal
ous incidents occurred in the smoking
100m between them and the officers, de
spite.the fact that all on board appeared
to be on the threshold of death. The cor
respondent adds:
"it is asserted that the officers surrep
titiously favored these women, giving
them an unfair allowance of biscuits and
oranges. These rumors spread to the
ciew, who seized on them as a pretext
to start a little mutiny. The seamen
refused to do duty, saying there was no
longer any discipline on board; that ln
face of the common peril every one
had the right to save his own skin and
that the common danger made all equal.
Matters came to such a point that the
first mate, after a refusal of obedience,
was- obliged to threaten the mutineers
with a revolver. Order was .restored, but
not entirely, as the quarrel broke out
anew on landing."
A correspondent of the Petit Parisien
sends the following statement:
"A Faiior tells me that when the Cairo
lifeboat ran alongside the Russie, Cap
tain Jouve stood at the gangway with a
revolver in his hand to prevent any in
cident calculated to jeopardize the good
order of the disembarkation."
Tho passengers of the Russie who were
interviewed to-day draw a terrific pic
ture of the suffering endured and of the
scarcity of food. The last nlpht passed on
the steamer was especially trying. Many
persons gave way in despair, one woman
begging a soldier for his revolver ln or
der that sho might shoot herself.
¦ The insubordination of the crew, the
passengers say, was partly due to the
question of distribution of food. A fireman
declared that the sailors ought to be fed
first, and the same man refused to do any
work and the captain had to press his re
volver to the man's forehead before the
fttter, would obey orders.
The first subscription for the rescuers
has readied the. sum^of 11,000 francs.
While Deaty Seemed Imminent
Scandalous -.incidents. Oc
cur Aboard.
Peculiar Conduct of the
Crew of Stranded
Steamship; .!
UGLY STORIES
FROM WRECK
OF RUSSIE
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
MARS TALKING
TO ANOTHER MAN
Tesla Has No Monopoly on
Communication With .
the Planet
William A- Eddy, a Nerv York Elec-
triciau, Tells of Having Received
a Series of Signals From
High Altitudes.
KEAV YORK. Jan. 12.— William A. Eddy
of Bayonne, X. Y.. says that since 1S92 he
has drawn from his kite. wire hundreds of
electric signals, both regular and irregu
lar, which mav have come from some
planet, and the signals have been usually
in groups of three, regularly timed, like a
Morse sounder. When the ends of the
kite-sustained Fteel wires are separated
ky silk etrands the sparks jump at
twelve-second intervals. Then there are
mysterious disappearances of all electric
action for several minutes. These electric
eparks come from a high »>olnt ln the air
not near to the low-tension electric cur
rents of trolley and live wires.
Mr. Eddy Is about to begin a careful
series of measurements of these spark
lengths. He does not believe that the
Morse sounders affect his wire- because
the dynamo electricity sticks to Its wire
s.nd does not radiate to unknown dis
tances, so far as known, as do the high
tension Eparks used in wireless telegraphy
and the fame high-tension sparks drawn
by him from the clouds.
Mr. Eddy says that these spark signals
xne.y come from an outer planet, because
electricity travels at the rate of 190.0W
miles a. second and is as tireless as light,
¦which travels 1SS.300 miles a second, as
measured by the rapidly revolving
toothed wheel. Great variability ln effect
Is produced when there is apparently no
change whatever in the condition of the
upper air. so far as known.
Mr. Eddy has been trying to decipher
thoee signals since 1«*2. It is also to b»
noted that Teslas signals come from
Pike's Peak and at a nigh point ln the
sir Mr. Eddy points out that electricity
is superior to lisrht because an interrup
tion can be transmitted while light f*if
fuses around a dark shadow, especially
it tho shadow is of smaller diameter.
VON BULOW
NOT TRUSTED
BY AGRARIANS
Chancellor Working Se
cretly for Canal
Bill.
Speech Delivered in the Diet
Has Been Changed in the
Manuscript.
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— The opening speech
of the Imperial Chancellor, Count von Bu
low. in the Prussian Diet Tuesdaj', which
was largely programmatic, is here con
sidered the leading political event of the
week. The entire press 1b still busy com
menting on and interpreting his remarks.
Only the extreme Leftists are wholly dis
satisfied therewith, claiming the Chancel
lor has gone over, bag and baggage, to
the Agrarians, while the moderate Left
ists. Center and Nationalists point out
that the Chancellor carefully avoided defi
nite terms in his speech, and that hence
he probably Intends to shape hl3 Prus
sian policy, especially during the forth
coming Diet session, according to how
and where he finds the majority favoring
the canal bill, about whose ultimate pas
sage Emperor "William Is still as anxious
as ever. The Conservative and Agrarian
press handle Von Bulow's speech with ex
treme caution. They avoid pledging sup
port of the canal bill in exchange for any
possible bargain. The Agrarians continue
to distrust Von Bulow.
The Kreuz Zeitung, Conservative, while
pleasant by complimenting the Chancel
lor, warns the latter not to repeat Prince
Hohenlohe's punitive methods toward
members of the Diet, who are also Gov
ernment employes, for voting against the
canal measure.
A sigmificant little Incident is this. Von
Bulow's speech as actually delivered ln
the Diet spoke of Increased cereal duties
for the protection of German agriculture,
while the corrected manuscript several
hours later, as It left Von Bulow's hands,
mentioned only "gesicherter zollutsch,"
meaning "assured duty protection." This
manipulation has not escaped attention
and there are all sorts of surmises con
nected therewith.
In the best informed Parliamentary cir
cles the opinion Is now held that Von Bu
low himself hardly knows where he
stands, and that he will ekillfullv en
deavor to push the canal bill through the
Diet with whatever not too exacting
words he can find. It certainly would be
very unlike Von Bulow to conclude a fixed
bargain thjs early with any party or set
of parties.
The China bill will not be disposed of
by the Relchstae for some time, as tho
Bundesrath has only just received the
Government bill fixing- the China soldiers'
pensions.
German political circles opine that the
Chinese problem is still a long way off
from a. definite solution, as the question
of damages will occupy much time in Pe
king. Nobody here believea that Field
Marshal Count von Waldersee or the Ger
man troops will be withdrawn by March.
The opinion here rather inclines to an
other year elapsing before that happens,
although it is well known that Russia
strongly desires Von Waldersee's retire
ment and that of the German troops.
Contract for I-arge Loan.
BERLIN. Jan. 12.— The Deutschesbank.
the banking firm of Spc-yer & Ellison, and
other firms have contracted with tin:
Saxon Government for the issue of a loan
of 60.000,000 marks in 3 per cent rentes,
which will be issued exclusively in Ber
lin, Frankfort and olhtr German centers
at about 83Vz.
Must Cease Its Attacks.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 12.— The Independence
Belpe's St. Petersburg correspondent an
nounces that the Russian Government ha"S
ordered the Xovoe Vremya to cease its
attacks upon the French Government and
upon General Andre, the French Minister
cf War.
PASTOR SITES TWO
•M-rMHERS OF HIS FLOCK
Claims They Have Injured His Repu
tation and Caused His Wife
to Leave Him.
"vTICHITA. Kans.. Jan. 12.— Because the
¦women members of his flock called him a
"ladles' man" and "high roller," Rev. J.
B. "WadJeigli. pastor of the Congregational
Church of Waukomis, wants $5000 dam
apes. To-day he iiled euit In the court
of "v\*akomis for that amount against Mrs.
Charles Moore and Mrs. Stogsdill, active
ln social affairs at that town. He says ln
his j>etltlon that they told other women
members of the congregation and also
about the town that he was altogether
"too fresh" with certain women. He al
leges that such reports are untrue and
damaged him In his wife's estimation to
such an extent that she left him. He
says he has been reprimanded by the
church board on these charges and fears
he will lose his position.
The women have employed an attorney
to f.eht the case and will bring out some
sensational evidence at the trial, it Is
paid. The church people are all eiclted
over the probable outcome.
POLICE OF DEI^VER
ON A- FALSE TRAIL
Telegram Starts Them. Searching' for
a House Which Does Not Exist
in Hope of Finding Crowe.
DENVER. Jan. 12.— Chief of Police Far
l«»y to-<5?.y received a telegram from In
diar.apoli?. signed "James Johns," con
veying the statement that Pat Crowe, the
man so much wanted as the Omaha kid
naper, could be found in the attic of the
house at 618 Twenty-first street. Denver.
Investigation proved that no such house
*xlst£, and the police are now trying to
learn who Mr. Johns is.
•,
Heifer Without a Tail.
PENNGROVE. Jan. 12.-At the ranch
of Fra^ik L<opus, near here, can be seen
a queer freak of animal life. It is a large
heifer that Is minus a tail or tail bone.
It? left eye is perfect, while the right one
Is only one-half the ordinary size. The
calf is the property of Ralph Starke.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUAET 13,^1901.
15
Advance in
Oifi Stocks
The necessary machinery, derrick, tim-
bers and drilling tools of the P»ella Vista
Oil Syndicate are being placed ln position,
and actual operations In San Sla-
teo County have commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this company will
be advanced to 23 cents a share not later -
than February 1, and in all probability
rcuch sooner, as several large blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue, and notice of this fact has
been sent to the stockholders, many of
whom are doubling their holdings by tho
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now Is your last chance.
The offices of the company, room 7,
ground floor. 111113 building. San Francis-
co, Cal., present a busy scene, giving: In-
formation and prospectus to intending
purchasers.
DR. WCITS WOO TBA AND EE1B 8A5ITAKIUS,
781-788 CI.AY STBXET.
tSan Francisco. Dec. J4. 1300.
To all whom It may concern:
In December. 1899. I iras taken
sIcU with Black Typhoid Fever.
the most virulent type known to
medical science. I had hemor-
rhages, both nasal and tntestl-
ft nal. elsbt of the Utter oecur-
* ring In one day. Dr. Wons
Woo, the eminent Chinese phy-
• stclan was called, and with one dose of hla
I tea stopped the Bow of blond, thereby saving:
my life as I had been given up by my whlta
physician, as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr." Wonsr Woo' a
wonderful skill he saved my life frcm this moat
fatal of all fevers. Although I waa confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in six months frora the time I went to
bed. andjpow I weigh 202 pounds, more than I
had' ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
rrcommrnd Dr. Wongr Woo to any on9 In need
of a first-class physician for any cause whatso-
cver.-RALPH .V. FOLKS. 313 GoWsn Gala
ave.. San Francisco. CaL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SEmOUS CHANCES.
Are Taken in Neglecting a Simple
Case of Files.
Any person takes serious chances in ne-
glecting an attack of piles, because of the
tendency to become chronic and further
the danger of ulceration and forming of
fistula, both very, difficult to cure. • .
v Most. pile cures are simple ointments or
salves, which relieve temporarily but are
useless : as far as making a cure is con-
cerned. ' 1 '¦¦'- ¦
The safest remedy for any form of piles
whether itching or protruding is the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure because free from cocaine
and opiates. ¦--.It Is in suppository form to
be used at night and painless and causes
no detention from daily occupation, and
the many cures made by it have made it
famous in every corner of the United
States and j Canada and any druggist will
tell ; you "¦ it' enjoys a greater demand and
popularity than any pile remedy ever
placed on the market. " . " '
Mr. James Kenton of Memphis, Tenn.,
says :>*_'Ii' suffered from Itching piles for
.two years and found nothing that would
ielieve me permanently; not, even mer-
curial ointment seemed to reach my/case.
But a 50 cent box -of' the Pyramid Pile
Cure. < which I bought at my .druggist's,*
cured me entirely, and' for, months. past: I
have had no return s of the disease."
Mrs. William Kenmore of South' Omaha,
writes : ;' "I ' suffered torture : from protrud-
ing; piles for a- large . part .of my life and
had long since given up any hope of cure,
as I dared not risk an operation and could
not ; afford .the J expense any way. w ;i had
often read advertisements about the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure, but never placed confidence
in patent ; medicines,-: but I tried s the : Pyra-
mid in • sheer ¦ desperation, ';¦ and ; was de-
lighted and =, surprised < to ¦¦ receive marked
relief ' and . benefit i from , the : first few j ap-
plications. .: It >¦ took : five 60 ; cent r > boxes to
cure « me .completely,:; and j no i one ¦ can ¦ ap-
preciate my .feeling of gratitude who "has
not' suffered "as. I. have." >-.'•;;; - "
'• ' For any t case . of Itching, i protruding t or
bleeding piles the Pyramid is a certain ab-
p solutelyj saf e reraed}'. ¦
ADVURTTSEMENTS. *
HALF OUR ILLS ARE CATARRH.
Proof From All Sections That Pe-ru-na Cures
Catarrh Wherever Located.
,ijfe[^^^^^^^^!^^^|> just one disease— catarrh. But since ea- ira^SEr^^^ 5 ***"""^^^
JjjBSsSm&ftj — i tarrh is able to fasten itself within the k*i&fi& V
JE^gSSgSP^ \ different organs of the body, so it is that KwPw i
•wZ8SISm< j££?Wi$ rlv the onJy internal, scientific remedy for &&$$•& $P\ '
VjffiflK sP™^ ~ \ \ catarrh is a systemic disease; that is to l(«^*^ ~~^ \ '
__ ttST^-^. ln brief » our claim in assisnlns to the /^Xy/ \y N-^- — 1^>^ ! '*f>''^^S^
'• "? Congressman Smith of Illinois. 1 ! place. Address The Peruna Medicine . ' .
Co., Columbus, O., for. free catarrh book. Hon. Win, A. Deane of San Francisco. "
lion. Coo. "W. Smith, Mem- Xjg* A J P*fe}"*< A '^f^V^3*"&vl^ TPT Hon. "\Vm. A. Deane. Clerk
ber of Congress, In a recent 3J" ST ' £g^ ||j /A M j» E3 i& fgfjp of the city and county of San
letter f rom ' Murphysboro, 111., / Q@ /«k H iWi H^I 11*3 Bali Francisco, in a letter written
to The Peruna Medicine Co., ff^tti IV*E*& H Job» fjli fira! H |§ from San Francisco, says:
says the following in regard S\ mtrM Jffi- M. wk. iSL .fcj \§l aa fr| "I would not be without I*e-
to Peruna for catarrh: t^^mmm- _^ _|*^ .^^ runa, as I have found It to be
The Peruna Medicine Co.: C?j3r the bpst remedy for catarrhal
'' R—8 K* A fP%i ,^ fj/'IPa&l ETV** complaints that I hava evtr
Gentlemen: "I take pleasure B^S »¦ #\ H "a ~-^*\ wi 1 1 1 >M f f^S u?ed. I have tried most all of
ln testifying to the merits of ¦ I fc"»*~ 'I Bar . J * " " * the so-called catarTh remedies
Peruna. I have taken one VU DA&V ' T f 1 \lT&W 1 £&l A ift^STft advertised, and can conscien-
bottlo.for my catarrh and I | Pfl ff* I i« | j\ ,- Vim, I nL«fJDLI\ tiously say that of all tho
feel very much benefited. To ¦ ll|»Vr|B /l-\ ''/( iV %vjsi remedies for catarrhal cotn-
tho.«e who are afflicted with n M H Pyf (g*> OP* V( f I \ V%lftL |S?f j^£T ft /! A B ET plaints recommended to me
catarrh and in need of a good j jj R (Rsi"?^ W\ ftl iif/ltf) 3 B I 83111 I ™ ne have been so beneficial
tonic 1 take pleasure in rec- D»V B 1 "WSrnP JMril If l/fi/ ft fa "»" B »»» as Penma."-Wm. A. E*ane.
ommending Peruna."— Geo. W. /n*^i**.% a iaio Wil«\ (jlill I* ''ll/,?a'»al /O ff^*% 4 RH#» Kverybody la subject to ca-
Smlth. . tarrh - Peruna curea catarrh.
, .> Dl\lmPMlff]t//jl iSSd. or chroalc - Vi ' hcrevtr
• I n 2 fiPN 1f)P WHFPf PP ~ £ a Hon - ThcmAa cahm.
Major Robert L. I.onp;strePt, m *& n fl -,,,. a . t < J frtirt Q«n it «
who served on the staff of Gen- m g »oaj2» Ul MCruila.* M JUHi •JGIl m jt * Hon* Thomas Gahan of Chf-
eral Leo. General Francis V. H * _. . -— - _ *• M noP . n 'm«tiiher of the National
Greene. General Arnold of the Hg BtOrS SulllVBn, ROBCh Blld W | SommUtee of tne Democratic
regulars and General Avillls- fl«__-_ .^«. •• ffa party, writes aa follows^
u'i'hl^sonofThelreirex-cfon: I* McBtierV ttl their gOOd Opm- 8E a "I *** afflicted with «tarrn
Us tno son oi tnc{,reat ex-con- « w ° X- S3 for fourteen year^ and though
federate general. Major Ixing- m% j * Dprtints «c fin t*Hfyri\\lt* Wm I tried many remedies and
street was mustered out in H lUIt Ul fCTUUd. US UU CllcLllVG * g applied to several doctors I
lnpton trylnp to pet rid of 3 2| CQ.t3.rrh /"C Hied f y." ~-™*Z.'1L~'- S 3 Finally**!^earne'd of the re fn-
the pernicious malarial fever N 2 * if B edy Peruna. through a friend
which i;o contracted in Cuba. ¦ $ —jjg 3 who had used it I took Pe-
He found Peruna of benefit U 3c^?^f^»^«^ l^B^f7 l 'f^ l yBf l^BfYP^TQ^ H 'runa for twentv-two weeks.
ion his return to the IT.-.ito.l B <^s Mlff$&Z%Q&-&£^ » qn.l am now entirely cured. I
States, and says the following BesSJe . H have every reason to think
in regard to the great catarrh jf^^ JPV '' > '/\&£&fath%& H mv cur^ a permanent one. as
cure and tonic: , *^. JQf j&'}W*&&&%3? H It 'has been a year since then.
"I havo tak.n Peruna as a -~£f jf&/ $¥Jkw*&*£Fb&l£££- U l caa heartily recommend Pe-
tonlc on my return frcm th<? J -^f^r i. TSn^tS^i^rT^fe P runa as a catarrh remedy: It
Cuban climate, and find it LS^C JKW i^.W/l^VZV¥ SS will cllre when all other rem-
escellent." W$t : - Mf ySM&Mft^WtfW^ H edieS faiL "- Thoma3 Gahan -
Miss Jennie Johnson, vice \ T^f \^ J^^^^S^H^ I Mr F ;. E *!, B ? C^f tt ' 8 SabT "
president Chicago Teacher^ \\ W V +*X ¥ &&^^^'//fe£££. Ftrf " et ' dford - M ? ss -- 9a >';
Federation. 3118 Lake Park M /C V 9 , l ha Y e bee ?
avenue. Chicago. 111., writes- ft igi /\ ™ <^%zTf^^^ H J° r catarra f 2. r t^^«
"AmonK the- different reme- 1*1*1 C \» T3&&y/tfa&&S&F W t° U k ye ,f;«H ™?£, 'nffr™?
dies I have tried when in need **\ \^ V /^W/AJE§ZZ§$- LI I ha\e used many different
of a tonic none have helped tA V i^^^A '£y//Jilp5<S&%5z f klmls vlf mf>rtlc 'pP- hut sinoo
me more than Peruna. 1 llnd X\ /f 7/^^^^ i u^ lnjr J our mefl . lrlne . ! ' l fl" d .
it especially helpful In cases ql3»k //£=?%&&£(- i far superior In every
of catarrh of the stomach; it Sl^iV * 14 XS! A ' ?^0?~&&t' P respect. The tonic effect or
restores the functions of mi- § Ak X?K J7 MS^S^^^^^ \ Peruna on me is truly won-
Hire. Induces sleep and builds -^V /$$ *$&!&? /&^§$?3&Zz£ I dertuL My wife uses ami
up the entire system." fc^M J$k r^^ \/%J \ « C °^?»t IlUa Peruna -- F - E "
Catarrh of the pelvic organs $5*CA A^S. J J&P -^==£s£gZgZ;C. Brackett.
is the bane of womankind. " \X\SX Aj9^ Few tWV to rea " z< " ln j} n^
Most cases, of backache are «M 1» Vg\ ¦ /W '^lZfe£5£Z \ many ways catarrh can affect
caused uy caUrrh of the kid- j >Q W^£ j$T ' l , hP body - Every aT *™- pvpry .
neys. Peruna is just the S: V\ IST J&T 7&*§55Z ' duct ! evc /^ P £^ Se '>Jff Z
medicine for catarrh of tho g \k 4T AjT ACTlJA't^^^ * WiPx 1 * 1 * T , V, a^ y -
kidneys. It stimulates the » S^ >^T MV^ ¦ K^^&^ i Uab! , e tn catar T h ; F Cru^Ju
kidneys to excrete from the rl jSi \^V JjW Cl7C ' an internal, systemic catarrh
blood the accumulating poi- I V* Vk J /%T OI Xt»*2§Sg£3£ \ remedy, and acts benenciaU/
son. It pives vigor to the f\V?^ \kS%T ~^^J0<0I Z n aI1 of . m , uco " 3 m^"
heart's action and -dipestive KiN^S^ AyZ&r J^£&%&&f< branes rf the human nod>.
system. Peruna should be **^Oo£ vCL J^S^S^E^S Consequently it is equally ef-
uscd in all cases of catarrh of -T^^'^r^^^ff^^^^ frctive t0 cure catarrh in any
ADVEBTISEMENT3.'
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOSV3E.
I* W. KNAPP. M. D.
Hew aey maa tnar quickly cure hinwelf after been extraordinary. > It haa completely , braced
rears of Buffering from aexual weaknew. lost «• up. I am Just aa vicoroua as when a boy
vitality. r.l*ht lo.se*. v.ricocele. etc. and en- "-^ LSlftui,.
larce small weak crtrs.r» to full »lxe and vigor. Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
Clmply «end your name ana address to Dr. I*, and vigor have completely returned and ea-
\V. Knapp. 137J Hull buil&lng. Detroit. Mich., lancement la entirely satisfactory."-.
and he will gladly eer.d the free receipt with "Dear Sir— Yours . »u received and I had no
full dlrectiors so ttat any man may easily cure trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
himself at bonie. This Is certainly a most and can truthfully Bay ¦ It Is a boon to weak
generous offrr and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved In size, strength
frcm hip dally mail thow what men think of and rigor." - '^O£%&$l4|B08PPBCR9Efe»MggN4 S f
fcls generosity- ¦-•-'. : ¦ All correspondence, la .etrlctly > confidential,
"Dear Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks mailed ln plain, sealed; envelope. - The receipt.
?er yours of r*«--nt date. I bave given your is free for tba asking acd be wants every man
treatment & thorough test trfl tne benefit bai to havo it.Dr. Gochenauer Exonerated.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 12.— The Board of Su
pervisors, this morning • dismissed '-the
charge of criminal neglect preferred
against County Physician Dr. Gochcnauer,
and re-elected ¦ him to the . same position
for another. yea» ;>¦-¦¦
Furniture Buyers.
People In need of furniture and 'carpets
chould not neglect the great challenge sale
at the Pnttosien Company. Car fare paid
to all buyers , during this' eale. Corner
Sixteenth and Mission street*. *
AVAIiANCHE OF SNOW
DOES GREAT DAMAGE
Four Miners* Narrowly Escape Iteatli
at the Headwaters of Salmon
'. "River. ; ':'{'¦
.REDDING, Jan. 12.— An avalanche oc
curred at' t~e: headwaters -of the Salmon
River. on January 4. The: moving mass
descended from a height : of 1300 feet.- It
was 600 feet wide, and carried everything:
before it. Four miners,' asleep In a cabin
had a narrow escape, only the edge ~ of
the snowslide striking the dwelling.. They
were buried beneath. debris, but 'escaped
alive. The scene is near .the famous Tel
low Rose of Texas mine, The damage
cannot be estimated, but will reach thou
sands of dollars.
State Sues San Francisco.
: SACRAMENTO, -, Jan. ; 12.— State Con
troller Colean has begun : suit; in -the '. Su
perior Court here, through Attorney Gen
eral Ford;' aerainst thecity of San Fran
cisco to recover the' sum of $S05 ! due^for
ballot paper \ furnished that Vcity -by < the
Secretary of /State. Thef San Francisco
Supervisors refused to pay the bill;- on. the
ground ,that the t prices" charged ¦ was .too
nljia.' 1 ~ ". - -,--; .:-•.¦ ;¦ - ¦ ¦ - ; .-¦ ---'. ¦,- -,.-.r A >.:¦:¦-.
WRITES THREATEN
V VI, CHINESE WITH DEATH
to Leave Whidby
Post a Notice .warning the Orientals
Island.
'* TACOMA, Jan. 12.— A race feud that
may end In serious trouble Is, on between
the white residents and the Chinese farm
ers near Cb'ujv»ville, on Whldby Island.
"Charley Sow, a -*en-educated-
who is reputed to have' grown rich In the
Vegetable business, nas brought- down a
poorly scrawled notice which had been
tacked on a post near a house In Coupe
vl,lle In which thirty Chinese live.,' The
r.otlce is as follows:
Chinamen take notice: Ton e«U your pota
toes and have tbe ' Island before February
.flrat or we'll blow you up. . . , < •- ,
VIGILANCE. COMMITTEE.
. Chinee take notice: You get. ¦':.'.
Previously, It Is claimed/ notices ¦threat
ening: to tar and leather' every 1 "Chinese
farmer on the Island unless they left have
appeared. Sow, who is a" leader among
his countrymen, advised them, to stand up
for their riprhts and consequently, they re
mained. The Chinese . are . , purchasing
arms. . ¦ ¦ , ; : -,,**.
TRADE IN WINE
IS INCREASING
California Product Is Gain
ing in Popularity in
the East.
Special Dispatch to The Call
XEW YORK. Jan. 12.— There has been
& decided increase In the consumption of
California wines in the East, in this city
in particular. In 1S55 -.870,283 gallons en
tered the port of New York by water
route; In 1S93 there entered 3.639,113; last
year 4.157.250. There is no corresponding
decrease, however, in consumption of Im
ported wines, the sale ot whicb shows lit
tle variation. .There nas been a very slow
growth In the consumption cf Bordeaux
and Burgundy wines," Oij champagne 9157
more dozers were Importisa last year than
the year before. Dealere say "champagne
1s the barometer of the business world"
Consequently they . are expecting larger
Kales this year. More German and Hun
garian wines also have been imported,
xhis notwithstanding diminished immigra
tion from Germany-
Increase. In the consumption of- Italian
wines and vermouth is marked. About
120.000 more gallons came to this port 111
wood than ever before. The amount of
port wine imported is comparatively
traall; there ha3 been a small increase.
More Ehf-rry has come in, possibly be
cause It is used to mellow blends of do
mestic whisky. The ticmand for Spanish
red wines grows less every year.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLE, Jan. 12.— Harry Grosvenor,
claiming to be heir to the great British
dukedom of Westminster, has Just de
parted from Black Diamond with several
hundred dollars belonging to confiding ac
quaintances.
Two months ago a good-looking, suav*
young man wandered into the town and
gained work at one of the collieries. Ho
proved husky and strong and a good fel
low. He wore neither fine raiment , nor
did he carry unlimited gold, but worked
as other mortals are wont to do in and
about the mines.. .
Three weeks ago the scion of nobility
was ordered to another Job a little more
arduous than the one lie had. His breast
swelled and he said: "It's little of this
work I really have to do. If I told* my
story soon would I be above the shovoi
and the pick." ". r r-b>* ¦• . . .
He told his story at nls boarding-house
that very night and amazed and fascin
ated his hearers with n tale of wealth and
grandeur. He .said his noble uncle. • tho
Duke of "Westminster, • had just died in
Lincolnshire, England, and he l\?d fallen
not only to an estate of millions o£ pounds
sterling but into a dukedom as well. He
showed a couple of papers signed by
Queen Victoria anahio word and the pa
pers carried' sufficient weight' to enable
him to quit work and live off his credulous
friends. He began to ' borrow, right and
left and his credit was good. He promised
all kinds of. pay: when his remittance ar
rived. It never came, yet even now some
of the Black Diamond , folks Bay he has
sono after it.
Young Swindler Claims to
Be Heir to the Dukedom
? of Westminster.
FLEECES BLACK
DIAMOND MINERS
MANILA, Jan. 12.— Since the expiration
cf the period within which amnesty was
{rranted to captured insurgents the lnsur
rectos have been sent to Manila in
batches of dozens, scores and hundreds.
It is but a month since the military gov
ernment began retention of the prisoners
of war and already the quarters fitted up
to hold them are filled. To-day 1500 insur
gents are in confinement in this city, ex
clusive of several hundred natives, so
called political prisoners, most of whom
may also be classed as insurgents.
The question as to what is to - be done
with these prisoners of war appears to be
wholly undetermined. They have not been
tried or sentenced and apparently are un
likely to be for a long time to come. They
are brought ln by rail and by steamer and
a few were arrested within the city. ¦ ¦
Practically all the war prisoners thus
far brought ln are confined in the Cuartel
Malate, on inclosure. containing four long
double barnllke wooden buildings, built
for troops barracks, bnt lately trans
formed into prisons by the addition of
bolts on the doors and bars across the
windows. A pair of these buildings are
occupied by a couple of battalions of the
Third : and Sixth Artillery, stationed on
guard. The others are the prisons. Somt
300 natives are confined in each of the four
wings, which measure, each about SO by
150 feet. Four platforms, each six feet
wide, run nearly the length of the build-
Ings. Upon these the captives sleep, Jy
ing crosswise in four long rows. For an
hour at midday the prisoners' friends are
admitted to the yard.
in the Philippines.
General Young attributes the recent
wholesale surrenders in his district large
ly to the fear of deportation to Manila or
elsewhere, an apprehension .which is ax
ceedingly developed especially among na
tives who have been trying to maintain
friendship both with the Americans and
the insurgents. -
¦ ¦ . ' • . ' .
HAWTHORNE STILL MISSING.
No Trace of an American Expedition
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 12.— Paul Springer
of the Bennlneton, now at Cavite. writes
that up to the departure of the Bennirts
ton from Katalo&an on 2
nothing had been heard of the expedition
under Major Hawthorne. . who. after t a
terrible . march through rugged country,
reached the headwaters of Candara River
and then sent a courier by canoe. Of his
150 men ninety wereat the time so worn
out that a stop of some days was neces
sary. Two of his men had ¦ been danger
ously wounded by arrow traps.
Captured Insurgents Driven
to the City by Hun-
MANILA PRISONS
ARE OVERFLOWING
Cork and poplar are the lightest -woods
ln the world and pomegranate one of the
heaviest: It is more than one-third heavier
than water. •
TUTUrLA. Samoa, Jan. lJ-^On the 16th
of December a brutal murder of a China
man was committed; in Apiv The mur
dered Inan's head had been clubbed and
his throat cut and the body then thrown
Into, th© river at the back of , his, home.
The receding tide left the :body exposed
and it was discovered <he next morning
by two girls who were passing by. Sev
eral iiersons have been arrested by the
German authorities and are held await
ing developments. ,. . r . •
The money, amounting to over 541.000,
which the Governments of Great Britain, 1
Germany and the United" States promised
to pay tho Samoans for the surrender of
their arms after the last war, is now be
ing distributed. There . are yet .a large
number of guns held by. the Samoans of
German Samoa, and Governor -, Solf has
issued orders requiring the delivery of, all
guns held by natives .to the Government
before the, end of the month. - , '
• Mataafa • of % Upolu, , who sent to the
chief 3 of Tutuila for. a | donation of 1000
fine mats, a demand which would amount
to an extremely large sum. in the Samoan
idea, claims that his act' was not a politi
cal one, but on account of family relation
ship. Tho German Governor has called
Mata&fa to task over it and denies any.
cognizance of the. German authorities of
the action of Mataafa prior tq^the first
reports, which appeared to hinT through
the medium, of tne press. Governor Solf
has piohibited the turther use by Samo
ans of the terms "Tumua, Pule and
Alga," which embrace all Samoa.
The German Government has demanded
all taxes from property holders in arrears
prior to the annexation and covering the
period of the last war. The Germans have
received all the assets of the late Gov
ernor, including lands, buildings and cash,
but declined to pay acknowledged debts,
one of which Is a debt due to Seumanu
tafa by the late Governor for about 53000.
Nevertheless the Government has collect
ed taxes from Seumanutafa, which ac
crued prior to the hoisting of the German
flag. In reference to the appropriation
by Germany of all the assets of the'late
Government, the question is often asked,
"Why does not the United States step in
and demand her share?" That Govern
ment bhould be entitled to at least one
third of the assets. In Tutuila, under the
United States rule, business ', affairs are
booming.; The traders are doing more
than double their previous business and
the • natives are contented and happy.
They are the envy of their cousins in tho
neighboring Islands.
The Government works, under Messrs.
Healy, Tlbbetts & Co., are progressing fa
vorably. Mr. Tibbetts has many difficul
ties to contend with, but has so far suc
ceeded In surmounting every, obstacle in
the work. ¦
The natives of Fagatoga town, adjoin
ing the Government property, have agreed
to give up the whole of the beach front
and • stretching several chains inland to
the Government for Government buildings
and/a reservation. With the money they
hope to get from the Government for the
concession they are going to build a hand
some church on the rising ground, a short
distance inland. They will also ship their
houses to the ground. The old church,
which Is on the reserve land. Is now be
ing used as a District Courthouse.. • '
The proposed road around Pago Pago
harbor has been commenced under the su
pervision and direction of Chief B6at
swaln Hudson. U. S.'N., and as far'as It
goes docs credit;- There is much more v to
be done yet in roadmaking, but the treas
ury will not permit of the full completion
at the present time. .
The new light at Breaker Point has been
fixed and so are the leading of range
lights.. The light at Breaker Point Is 1SS
feethieh and can be seen for a distance
of twelve miles at seal The United States
steamship Abarenda is still in New Zea
land and Lieutenant Commander E. J.
Dorn is still in command of the- station.
Lieutenant Dorn paid a visit .to the west
ern district and was well received by the
chiefs. They tendered to him and Mrs.
Dorn a talolo. During his visit several
important native disputes were settled.
The British and American residents of
German-Samoa are gradually Jeaving tho
country.
The Samoan Weekly Herald has been
sold to a company of Germans. It is be
lieved that the Governor has an interest
in the purchase. The late proprietor and
editor. Mr. King, has gone to New Zea
land.
D. S. Parker, the wealthiest citizen of
the- United States livlne in Samoa, is set
tling up his business affairs. . , . '¦ . .
The residence of Mrs. E. W. Gurr has
been leased . to. Governor Solf for a long
term of years, and Mrs. Gurr and family
will leave Upolu for Tutuila.
The trade of German-Samoa is gradually
being merged Into that of the D. H. and
F. G. Company of Hamburg, and many
of the smaller traders of German na
tionality are complaining. The value of
land has not increased and property is
now being sold at prices lower than those
which could have been realized prior to
annexation.
la German Samoa Conditions Are Wot
So Good and More or Less "'
Complaint Is Being" •¦ j"
,! i -Made.' -
Business 'Is Booming in
Tutuila and Natives
Are Happy.
PLEASES SAMOANS
THE SA& CALL, STO
Mantells Both 111.
TOLEDO. Ohio, Jan. 12.— Robert Man
tell and wife are both quite ill. Mrs. Man
tell was taken to the Toledo Hospital to
day and Mr. Mantell is confined to his
room at the Boody House. Their engage
ments for some time have been canceled.
Special- Dispatch to The Call
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 12.— It looks
like either 'a Quay victory or another bit
ter deadlock.- The lines are rapidly draw
ing-tense for the impending struggle be
tween former Senator II. S. .Quay and his
traditional enemies, the Republican "In
surgents" of Pennsylvania.
The ballots for United States Senator
are to be cast In , the separate houses of
the Legislature 'next , Tuesday, and for
Wednesday is scheduled the first ballot to
be taken by the Senate and House in joint
assembly. :. To a careful observer the situ
ation, almost on the eve of actual ballot
ing, is not unlike that which marked the
historic \ and desperate struggle of two
years ago— a struggle that resulted in a
protracted' deadlock in the Legislature
and .in'.t.Quay's final repudiation by the
United . States Senate when he went to
that -body as a recess appointee bearing
the " certificate of his friend, Governor
Stone.
• In the. ranks of the "insurgents is
noted the' same desperate determination
that, come what may. Quay's defeat must
now be made sure and decisive. Among
them, the feeling 1 prevails that the veteran
of practical -politics is making his last
fight — that he has staked everything 1 on
the result. "With defeat this year the "in
surgents" believe the battle-scarred lead
er of Pennsylvania's regulars must retire
from public life.
Among the Democrats, -who constitute
the third party in this triangular struggle,
there Is again, as two years ago, the same
disposition to decline to fuse with either
faction of the Republican adversaries.
Threats of eternal disgrace and everlast
ing political perdition are held above the
heads of the Democratic brethren about
whom hangs the odor of the smoke of
suspicion. •
"Insurgents" Are Determined to En
compass the Political Death of
• •-¦ ' . the Veteran Republican
',;*¦-.. .Leader.-,- ¦/$
Another Deadlock Immi
• n«nt in Pennsylvania ,
Legislature.
BITTER FIGHT
AGAINST QUAY
16
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
L»avg Market-Strxt Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Orri'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
I.v. Fan Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:10 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
"Fresno... 2:20 p 2:23 p 3:05 a
" Hanford. 4:22 p J:27 p 7:0« a
"Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:«a
" Tulars ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City ZMta 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p >:00 p
a for. morning:, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train la the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and, Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of. local
first class passengers. No second cla«s
tickets are honored cn this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. in Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrive* 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist SUepers' and
free Reclining Chair Car. alao Palaca
Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in Ban Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. tn. daily.
Of flees— 641 Market street and ln Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. - .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RlTcO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH • PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. .
TrBURON FEKttY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0, 9:C0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 1:30,
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. ra. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 D. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:30, 1:30. 5:00.
1:20 p. m. . - .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— C:10, 7:60. »:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
.1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:33 p.m. ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:10, »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:43, 5:06,
«:25 p. m^' .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
narre >ct:edule as above. tj
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Kan Francisco. I Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
~Week I Sun- I I Sun- 1 \Ve*k
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. (Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:15 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa VIoph. 7:35 nm <:Z2 pm
*. Fulton.
7:*0am Windsor. ' 10:J5 tn
Heaidsbure,
" ¦ , . , Lytton.
¦¦-. - . Geyservtlle,
8:30 pm 8:C0-sm Cloverdale. 7:Wpm «:22pm
7:S0aml I Hopland I . I
j 8:00 w[ and. Uklah. | 7:35 pm| t:22 pm
'7:30 ami - ;; ,- .V. I - " 10:25 am
[ 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
t:S0pm| ; . <:» pm
7:30 am S:CO am Sonoma 9:15 am 3:40 am
¦ and --;-.'
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, (:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 amt 8:00 ajn! 110:40 arojlO:25 ara
8:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7 :35 pm( « :22 pm
Stages >-onnect at' Santa Rosa for Mark Wnt
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
lor. Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservlllr for Skaggs - Springs : * at - Clovcrdala
for the - Geysers: - at Hopland - for Duncan
Springs. - Highland ' 6prln«rs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartistt
Epiint;i; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, -Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Va!ley
John -Day**. : Riverside. Llerley*». Bucknell'.
Sanhedrln HelRhts. Hullvllle.Orr'n Hot SprlanT
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Weatport. L'sai
Wllletta. Lnytonville. Cummlngt. Bell's 8nrlnira
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. ScoUa and Eureka. " .
Saturday. to Monday round-trip tickets m.t'rmJ
duced • rateg. arjwfaeaa t**<*ir"*>w*i:~- .
•On Sundays." round-trip tickets to all "noint*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. *^ "
Ticket office. 850 Market at. Chronicle build-
,?£ C WHITTKO. ¦:,;¦[¦' -
. •»;¦--. G«n. :. Manag»r. ¦ -.< .- ~vT , .- .
Weekly GM1 $1^00 perYear
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.Made by many a man for taking a drink
at the bar is that he needs a bracer. He
feels weak, his stomach is "out of sorts"
and liquor makes him "feel good." The
' tired man who sits
. /^Q^/Sjgp** on a pin leaps up
4 MjmL \vith new energy,
|i J • -f no on e would
_Vji /«L>r^ :¦¦¦',;, say that this
Jaf u •*&&- 5 energy was evi-
iijL-^AiriJS /^ ence °^' t^ e
*?Wk ¦¦• 1 strell 8 th giving
__^Ba" >^ JrTt^t power of a pin.
E^\^^*^=M- So with the en-
\n» a - ergy induced, by
y a liquors. They
/ ¦ only spur the body.
/ • r on » b u * do. not
•^J Rtrf*no*t!if*ti it
I IkSh -I ¦'¦ Strength is made
gWT/« ~ f roni food prop-
I f| ; erly digested and
«=O=9 f|| =O~~ assimilated.
I 1 a».' When the stom-
' fi«^^; ach r is diseased
: there is a failure
to extract the . nutrition from food and
the body grows weak.: The weak body
needs strengthening, not ; stimulating.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical; Discovery
cures diseases of I the stomach- and other,
organs of digestion and nutrition.so that
the ; nutrition -of v is : perfectly : ex-'
tracted\ and assimilated : and ; the body
nourished into health and strength. A; '
i There is no alcohol iii « Golden Medical
Discovery ," and it is ; entirely free from
i opium, cocaine and all other narcotics. a .
Accept no substitute for « Golden Med-
Jical Discovery.'.' There is no other, medi£
cine ? just as .good", for, diseases' of itHe
stomach and allied organs.. /^,
; • « Vour'. ' Golden 1 Medical Discovery ' and , Dr.',
Sage's 5 Catarrh Remedy.* have been < of ' preat
benefit to me," writes (Prof.) Pleasant A. Oliver,
: of Viola, Fulton Co.. Ark. " Before ; I used the
; above | mentioned > remedies I mjr I sleep was 1 net
Bound -.'digestion bad : ; a continual -. feeling of
"misery.': I now feel like anew man." J ; :
' '¦¦: Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate
, the bowels and liver.
SODTMKB!* PAfiriO COarAIT.
tTACirlO aTSTBM.), : ;
Trslsaa leave »mi «re «••««• t* »rrlv« mt
MAM l'RA!M:iWW.
(Haia Line. Foot of Market Street.)
uats — Faou Jajtuasy 1, 1901. — AKsrrs
7:30*. Benicifc. SuUun, Elmir*. V»c»fia»,
Ramsey and Uacranmito ?»43r
' 7:20a D»tU, Woodland. Knights Landlnc,
Marjs»ill«. Oio»ill8.. 7: 15?
*>30a A tlanUe JCxpress— Ogden and East 12:l.?r
»:«• a. If artinez. Hmu ltaiuon. V *1'jb)o. Slapa.
Oallstrcft and Santa fioaa OiISp
8:00a KQaa, Iiten&ore, Tracy. Lathran,
Stockton 7:13r
•:30a Shaata 1 xpress— DkTis, William* ( for
BarUett Springs); Willows. Uad
Elufl, Portland...- 7*i3r
•i3*)a San Jose. Lifermore, Htoekton.
lone, haerameuto, Fla«errUl«,
M«rj»»iHe. Chico. ]><1 UlufT 4il.1p
HsSOA O*kd»ie, Chlcesa. Honor*. Carter*... 4sl.1p
•:O«* HajwarOa, MilrsaoU Way ss.tiont. 11:43a
VxOVaLon Aogelea Express — MarUnes,
Tracy, l.*tt>rop. titoekton, ilerorU
Freauo and Los Augt'Ien TslSp
9t3»A Valleju. M.\rt1u<-« *u<t W*7 Stations &:!¦'»*¦
IUiUUa Thn OT«rUnd Limited— Ogden. Den.
• Ter, Omaha. Chicago 6:41?
1 1 :OOa Kiles, Stockton, Haaramento, Men-
Jot*. Fresno. Haniord, VUalia,
Porteriilla 4>l5p
11:OOa U»enanr». Saojrvr. Ooshen Juno-
. tlon. Bakersfleld, Los Angelea
fliSOr Sacramento IU««r Staamera f3:0C4
3tO«p IlajwsitU, Nilea anil Way Station!. BilSp
4iOOr M»rtln«n. Han Uautnu, V*ll»jo,
Napa. C»lUtoic», Sauta ICosa U:l-1»
4iO*r B-nicl». Wkiters. SaeramentQ,
Wotxlland. KuUUU Landing,
M«ry«»il!r, Ofotills ln:n k
4iS<*r naywards. NHeaatid Ran Jon« fH:»rv 4
AirtOr Nile», Llrermore. Stockton. Lodi ... 1O:(3.\
j3:OOjp Bun.et limited, £1 Paao, Xsw
Orleans and Xaafc. elOilS^
3: OOP The Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakenQeld. Bangus lor Uauta ltar*
bar*, Los Angeles... 1*:I3\
BsOOr New* Orleau Express— ltak«r»B«M,
Hanta Barbara, Los Angslea. I>im*
Ing. El Paso. How Orleau's aud
Kaat ?.«^»
¦>O»r Hay wards, Nile* »ntl H*u Joae 7i !¦"»,
tSsOOr Vallsjo lt:43\
«:O«pO»t>nt»l Hail— Ogtlen, Chfjenne.
Omaha, Uliicago 12:13p
«>OOp Orleutal Mail— Ogden. Denver,
Oman*. Cbtoago. 4>13r
7:06 p Oregon and California ICxi>r«ts,M*o. '
rainetito. Marisvlllo, llmlillitg,
¦ ' 1'otkUu.l. ruget HiHiiid »i:il Kant Si4.1i
Rifl.tr S>n Pablo, Port Coata. Mtrtiaez
ai>d Wa» titatlons 11<43«
iWtOJp Vail*!" 7rl3<»
COAST DtTIKKia (Xarroir bailee).
" . (Foot of Market Streets
»«I»A Newark. C'siitecvi)l«.8aitJ(M«,Frlt4>n.
Boulder Creek.8anUCrnr.»iul Way
Station* •>3Bp
•taitSr Nawnrk, C«»ler«llle. 8aii Joss, New
Alma.lon. Foitoii. ll.nil.lft Crnek. -
¦ Santa t'rui aud Vilncipal War
SUUotw... !»•«•¦»•»»
4 1 1. 1p Newark. Man Jomi, Los Gatoa S:»»4
aSsSOp Hansan' Etennioo, San Joae and
- W»yBt%tton» ¦-.. tTsOOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSlI fSiaClSCO— r.it if Siri.t Sirnt (Slj» 3) —
H.15 9:00 11:00a.M. 1:03 3.03 5:"r.«.
rr.m0lIL»S3— ?«.t .f Bu«dw««.— f..00 f«-00 tS.-03
lO.QOt.M. 12:C0 3:C3 * i:03 C:15r.n.
COAST IU VISION <ltroail IU1150).
(Thlnl mid To Time...! HU.) ¦
fOilVA Ocean V tow, M»»tn Man Kc»»cl-c.>.. t**^**'
*:««A H»u ,]<wi ami \V»y Mtstlmi* <N«*
Alm».le:t WHi.MtUym mly) J:30r
»>O«» Mail Jow. Trna I'Iiiim. ManU (tux,
' . 1'aollic llfiiTOw !'««» Hi»t»i<f". >*•»
I.uIa O1..B,.,.. Surf. Louipoc and
Principal Way .Statimta -tilOr
I»!4O« Ban .Joss and Way Stations «<33«
1 1:3»* Man Jots *n.l Way SUtiana SiSOp
t3i4SrSa:>-Matro, RxIwimxI, Menlo Park.
\ Palo Alto. Ban t» Clara. -San .liuw,
Twa Plnoa. H»»ta Cr««. Salinaa.
Momerny *»<\ Pacine GroTs...... fH>:Kn».
tai»»r San Jose ami \V»f SUtli.im. »i3»P
t4tl.1p Sau Jone ami Principal Way i=ttatl«ii« 9:1.1*
- fStOOr ban Jo»m, Los Gatos and Principal
War .Stations »»:Ot» (
Oia«p Ban Jiw» au<l Principal Way .Stations MiS.ia
•tSnpSan Jo«*au<l Way&tatlous t*:««\
fllli4.1f Sail Jnacaml Way -Statloin 7s3i>p
A for Morning. 1* tor A ftornoun.
¦ f*,.,..i»T •««-j"«l Jeuud»»ojUj.
1 MoodAya, Wedaesdays, Friday*. -.
« Turtdiji. Thursday*. SoiuUi*. - -»
a Siiur cUt only.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry-
WEEK DAYS... -»:13 a. m.; 1:45 and 400 n. ra.
SUNDAYS .8:00. 10.CO. 11 :» and 1:15 S
_Fare. gaa FranSlico to Summit and return,
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPK^C
T1cWt office.- «1 Msr»»t at.. Sanaallto F>rr?.
•Weak Men and Women
••trtajth to sexual orsaM." Depot, ta 1 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOT DUE TO CLIMATE.
Catarrh Is Found Everywhere.
Catarrh Is at home anywhere and every-
where. While more common in cold,
changeable climates, it is by no means
confined to them, but is prevalent In every
State and Territory in the Union.
The common definition of catarrh Is a
chronic cold in the head, which If long
neglected often destroys the sense of smell
and hearing; but there are many other
forms of the disease, even more obstinate
and dangerous.
Catarrh of the throat and bronchial
tubes as well as catarrh of the stomach
and liver are almost as common as nasal
catarrh and generally more difficult to
cure.
Catarrh Is undoubtedly a blood disease
and can only be successfully eradicated
by an internal treatment. Sprays, washes
,and powders are useless as far as reach-
ing the real seat of the disease is con-
cerned. ' - .
Dr. Mclverney advises catarrh sufferers
to use a new preparation. Bold by drug-
gists, called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, be-
cause actual analysis has shown these
tablets to contain certain antiseptic qual-
ities of the highest value, and being an
Internal remedy, pleasant to the taste,
convenient and harmless, can be used as
freely as required, as well for children as
for adults. -
An attorney and public speaker, who
had been a catarrh sufferer for years,
says:
"Every fall I would catch a cold, which
would settle ln my head and throat and
hang on all winter long, and every winter
Jt seemed to get a little worse. I was con-
tinually clearing my throat and my voice
became affected to such an extent as to
Interfere with my public speaking.
"I tried troches and cheap cough cures
and sometimes' got relief, but only for a
short time, until this winter, when I
learned of the new catarrh cure, Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, through a newspaper ad-
vertisement. Two fifty-cent boxes which
I bought at my druggist's cleared my head
and throat In fine shape, and to guard
against a return of my old trouble I keep
a box of the tablets on hand, and when-
ever I catch a llttlo cold I take a tablet
or two and ward oft any .serious develop-
ment?."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets deserve to head
the list as a household remedy to check
and break up coughs and colds, because
unlike many other catarrh and cough
cures, these tablets contain no opiate,,
cocaine "or nnv lninrinus drtie.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Chicago
tm3 Days
From At If) A M
San Francisco ni IU H » '" • .
Chicago, Union Pacific
& ¦': North-Western Line
T~\OWBLE Drawmg-T^oom S'eebivg
% / / Cars, Buffet, Stnok ing and Library
~~f.* Cars; with barb r. Di-in; Cars —
meals -a Iz carte. T)ailv Tourist Car
'Service and P er son jl It Conducted , Ex-
cursions tvtrv week 'from San Francisco
ai 6 p. m. The best of even-thing.
ft. It. RITCHIE, ' '
617 Market St. General \ Agf.nl Pacific Coast
¦'.. Palace Hotel .SAX FRAXCI3CO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
.ViofSausallto F«rry. .
Commencing , September 3u, 1900. .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. i.^ . AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK'DATS- «:55. *9:15. J1:GO a. rn.. »1:4S,
3:15.-4:00. '6:15. »6:15. 6:40 p. m." ';. .
= EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and S»n
Rafael on Mondays, ' Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00.-;nC:CO. »U:S0 a. m.. nas.
3:1B. »4 MS.. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. ¦ . . - ¦
v. Trains marked {•) run to San Quentln. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:20,^»€:30, 7:43, 9:30 a. m..
•12:80,'. 1:45, ¦-•3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. rn. \ -
- EXTRA - TRIPS : on ; Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
¦ SUNDATS-«:20,> •8:00. -•WrOO. •U:«'mJ. m.,
•1:40,* «2:15. 4:45. t»«:30 p. m. ...
Trains ' marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
"WEEK DAYS— 8:43. 6:45.': 7:55, ¦« »:30 a. m '
12:23. 2:10. 3:20.- 4:54. S:»0 p. m.: . : ;. T . .*,'
;EXTRA< TRIPS ' on Mondays, Wedntadays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 v.<m.~
SUNDAYS— S:03." 10:05 a. m.;,li :0s., 1:15. jao.
6:00. «:46 P.- tn. - :-¦•' - '¦ .
- .. THROUGH TRAINS.
'6:65'a/ m. week-days— Cazadero and way
stations. ; ..¦¦""' '.--¦•¦."¦"¦;¦. .• -. . ; -••.¦.. -.- ¦
.1:45 p. m? Saturdays—Tomales ¦ and 'way
stations..' ' ; ": -';:¦¦-¦¦.:--*- ¦-:¦,•: :-'.<¦' ¦ •••> <- < -:--.' : :. ,-* .-¦ ¦
; ..- 8:00 ,- a. m., ' Sundays— Tornales and . war
stations. MiBte«M CTffiflWtmfHMLJ
• * advkktisements, ,_ _¦ _^_ : _;_'':_ .-'^J: : ¦:_._¦¦
{ GREATEST OF CLEARANCE SALES.
..The biggest bargain event ever h.eld. The sales so far lead all records. 'Tt is plainly evident toiany^
y visitor that a phenomenal business is being done. The" great values are the result of our determination 12
Sr to znake a quick disposal of AIX Odds and Ends and Fall and Winter Stock. Again for this week we
ifcr' have prepared a list of bargains that we dedar6 < to be genuine record-breakers: -^
i UNEQUALED SILK BARGAINS. STARTLING DRESS GOODS VALUES. |
J^Z Cltartnjr of ellks. no matter what loss It may be, out -they We intend to double lart- week's enormous dress goods sales. -*•»
sy- must eo. Look at the tremendous price cutting: We know this extraordinary offering will do It. ?^3
•^ FnnlaMc Stlfl FarPV Taffpf5l« 1500 yards Fancy Bilks, "com. 7C11 TathmorOC 3S-lnch all-wool Cashmere, a fine quality bo -^
m~- rUUiaiUS £UJ raiiCj lalltlab prising eooa styles of all-Bilk 1 0C lldbllilieiCd much In demand now for Tea Gowns and
SZ 9Qfi Yard ¦• • twUled T*oulards. ln - tbe ' best 59fi Yafu "Waists. In fashionable colorings of cardinal. -^
— ; tnn iciui colorlnirs. also checked and fig- •*«<» laiut o , d reM| new blue, c;reen. . nile, - light ' :2
«red fancy TaffeUs that have been eelllng at 60c and OQ/> Wae. Pink, cream and lavender. Our regular 75c qual- PZO/-* '—•
75cayard. To close Yard *tU\* lty, for Yard UuV ~Z
HT~ CI OC Rlarjf Taffpfj Brilliant and verr lustrous rustling: Black Cn<% Mnvoltd PlaFrfe T"* handsomest effects imaginable, very -^
*I./J OleUft IdllCUI Taffeta. 27 inches wide, a fine Swisa 3Ul».nUICMj NOlUi stylish and serviceable, for children's
iT" K/C Yarflt Taffeta, used to extensU-ely by the fine OKg yaril dresses, or waists; rejrular 60c OR/> -—
jfc-. 0IV» ICIU« dressmaking trade, every yard O7> lJU ICIUi plaids. CTearance price..... Yard £ OC ¦
ZZ L*. w . ort ,, h ?1 5 Clearan « p rice Yard ° * ti cn camals 1 Hair Suiting No cloth * street cos- 3
R ?rlf PP»H d? Tcu can * ****¦ tbMie -l-alu «»- Ex. *I.UU Udllldlh ndll CUIllOg t nm« than this one. Extra heavy
«T- Si Kl »• ?n x ««' « j tra hea^ anA ver r durable, fast 7Q(; VarfJ , and 68 inches wide. In ehades of Z2
E Worm $1.10, for 89c Yard. gsS^rvuSV iVST^SS r "« ™™ ™ - rth Sir-fiS" Se?..!ffiSi T9C: 3
sSsS^I^;^^^^^^ Black English Crepons, v
85c md. S^^S^taTff-^a^gJt w^».7«^».oo i 9BoYart.^^^.5a l - t eiSSSS l aa 2
g^- , wwv IUIWI .yard. Sale price Yard OWW Crepons. entirely new and rich effects, very lustrous; AQ/>
"*" 7*ifvRIark Taffeta Do not «»«¦ th « greatest of all silk bar- Bhould ** * l 75 and * 2 °° a V^^- Sale. price Yard t/O^ .^J
Jfc- IWb uiaut IBIICia pains. A renuln* Swiss Taffeta. 21 Inches 7Cp Rlaplr fifiPVin! Grand value for a 40-inch all-wool Black r^
~^ ' 48C Yard. -»1de, of a brilliant black dye; was lm- ' 3U DM* UIIBIIUl Cheviot, extra heavy, a good wearing qual- ""•
•t= ,-«T r ported to sell at 75c a yard. Clear- <±G C 48C Yard. lty ' wa» imported to sell ttf 75o AO n -3t
sxce price ,..* .Yard TrOV/ Tgu •»««• yar< i. CTearaace price .TYaxd "^g
1 tableclJtP'aVdWicin. ANOTHER SILK PETTICOAT SALE VoWte' 1
I : pgPil $6,95 for an $11.50 Skirt. W 9 !L A S. i
•HI A wonderful barBaln. these wwsww swi mii wsssww vhiiii A. rare -opportunity to eecura
*~Z preUy Table Cloth* with Xap- Do you remember that phenomenal sale we had about a theM ; &<>*** so renowned for
kins to natch. They are 2x2V4 month atco. when we sold hundreds of 111 60 Silk Petticoats for dura-WUty. warmth and softness
«¦— ia *ire. Sn pretty conn-lng* of (6 95? To-morrow, and while the quantity lasts, you will have ot appearance. An importer —^
JAsbt. Blue, tied. Lareoder. TeJ- another jopportunlty. when the exact duplicates will be placed cl »*e<i out to us 60 dozen, • per- _^
«»_ Ion; Navy and White. on eale. They Just arrived from New York. Made of the best fect ln « v «ry particular, with — «¦
W> secured a bip lot at a fpe- Taffeta Silk 'n tho latest fashion with' an accordlon-plalted 3- cla8 P fasteners, the latest "2
JJ; rial Trice. and offer thern, com- flounce, extra dust ruffle and ruche bottom; ln fashionable col- stitched backs; In Gray, Blown ZZ*
m~~ reencing to-morrow, at ors of Cardinal. OM Rose. Bluet; Lavender, Purple, Royal, Pink. and Black; all slies; sold regu- *^«
|= 51.95 Set. W^^^2^^^^^^^^^^}95 i arlyatJ1 95 C ?air. OnMleat 2
IE A CLEAN-UP A BIG SALE ¦ NEWEST EFFECTS IN EMBROIDERIES 3
% IN SILK AND WOOL WAISTS. OF SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. f Z%iC»^\^X™^£ ffill 3
Evpry one has been reduced and not a To be offered at a price lower than like sc-ts ln Cambric, Swiss, Nainsook and "*•
*^- single cne will be carried over. goods can be bought for at the mill to-day. Grass LJnen All Overs, Edgings and In- -^
Si— , Di-ery sheet and every case ln\T>lved ln sertions to match. * -"«i
y— -^— this sale are of the highest grade of sheet- ¦ -^g
g: $5.00 and $6.OO.Woo! Waists $3.95 b k^ e XSCCnl *% at.. Special Sale Sample Strips of Yokte 3
•»— Fome of the best filers of these very 42c each " .-¦" r . _ ,,° -"^
•*— f«fhionaWe Wool Waists, made of fine l^S doxen Sheets 63x90, worth 60c. at.. A manufacturer s sample line of Yoking*. -^
ST Frccch Flannel, hemstitched and tucked. 45c each in Taffeta, Satin. Mousseline de Sole^ cut
•»- also with piJk embroidered bow knots, the S5 dozen Sheets 71x90. worth 65c. at.. out chiffon, white and gold mixed effects, _^,
J5: latest Bishop sleeves, in all col- co.«5 5Oc each about 12 Inches wide; were $4 to »10 yard.
5H_ ors. were $3 and $6. Xow...Each 9O 100 dozen Sheets Slx90. worthy 70c. at., i Divided Into three lets— ,
~~ 200 doxea"pYllow""cas"ea*"45xS6.' worth 25C, 50C 3Ftd 75C EflCh. "ZZm
jr. -_ __ .... ... , , »- -— 12c, at lOc each — «j»
£ S5.C0 Silk WaiStS $2.69 150«o«n mow Cue. »xW worth
*SZ The remainder of those pretty Silk '. * ° EXTRA SPECIAL— =58
aa^. Waists, tucked all over front, back and pnnfnriore 20 dozen Bed Comforters, ex- .. - , ., , __ ., , -^
£ r. 1^:.:f.^.^-..^.. c . 1 Sch $2^ S«iS2 I <^lSrcaSSiw%?pSa JOc Embroidery for 25c a Yard. 3
~- silkoline: good value at «». Cl-lt* ,_ 1500 yards fine Cambric Embroidery. — J
Saj e price Each <J> I heavy quality, exquisite patterns, 5 to 10
91 Cfl t»l«'4 n>... ji,:j. t>n fl« r u ¦ Inche3 wide; regular value 60c QK,-. TZm
—T 57.50 P!2:d DreSS SkirtS 52.98 EaCh Uarcollloc rilllltC An exceptionally >•*»*. Oa special sale ..Yard iOC ---
The rnaterial costs you much more than * a '' eil |!? y " IUSf h «Vy f m l k ,^^ r - — z\\
m *~ the** Rk'rts a'reariv T^iad* nf ntviuh niai^ double beds, in a variety of choicenpat- ~5
fc m^riat lin^ wi\h ma pVrc^ine l CO.»S terns of Eng Usn Marseilles Quilts C |.»« lOfi FlannfilPttfi 7fi Yard =^
¦»- sold at $7 50. To close..\T...Each O^- worth f! 60. for Each tj> ¦ IUC rldllilclBUt; IC IdlU. — •
a^Z _ ... . -. , , '-,. ~_ , On special sale to-morrow, 100 pieces light
•"" CaflfQrnia B anketS. 0 Jl! and m * dlum Flannelette, a good quality; "2
£.$2.50 ai $3 Wool Dressing Sacqnes «-- 'JS-^^H^S 'sJ «^=..^=7c 3
*— SI Q«i Farh weigiit. good value at $i To ZZS.
r~ |)I ' 3J Lat '" close at Each <po — Fidprrlnwii Fhnrp! 9Qc Yard US
E»autirul Facques of all-wool Ripple . tlUBlQUWn rlailllBl /SG laiU, ZZm
m*- Eiderdown Flannel., appllqued and satin- Ttirkich TflWPlc *» <Jo ze n extra , heavy rvjn't overlook this bargain. The best "2
gT~ bound collar, with hand-crocheted edges lUimoll IL.iCiai Bath Towels. 21 inches grade all-wool Eiderdown Flannel, for
•p— ar.d eilk frogs, in Blue, Pink. Ked and wide, 1% yards long-, regular 35c C%As* Rcbes and Dressing Sacques; In colors of ~~Z\-
Cray: all sizes; were $2 50 and C1-" & value. Sale price Each -rf-TrW pmk. Blue, Red, Gray and Black: OOr>
S^ ?3. To close Each <I>1 the 45c quality. Sale price.. .Yard ~*
•«fc— i - _!__ Unplr Tfiu/ok 1W) dozen Linen Huck -^
y nUtiR lUnCldi Towels, size 17x32. Eplen- ~^?
t= Ladies' Bath Rcbes $3.65 Each ™. y :T.L^.*^. e ?*.?.vlzek $1— Children's Union Suits 23c Each. =s
y 9 Made of all-wool Eiderdown Flannel, . A chance to buy 40c grarments for 23c m
i>— with sailor cellar and wool girdle; in Red, Tphla I incn *0-inch fine Table Damask, each. Winter weight, fleece-lined Union — <*
Gray. Bl'ie and Pink: all sizes; cold be- I OUIC L. Il-lli -heavy quality, bleached, in Suits, in srray. finely finished seams; sizes ~^f
IS"" fore at i* 50 and J5. Keduced C*Q.65 choice patterns, actually worth A A >» 3. 4, 5, 6; 40c suits. ¦ To close i>Q/> ~«b
-*- to : .Each O" COc. Sale price Yard "tTrC Each 4ut — «•
fc: ' ' ' ' '"."'"- • [ _¦_"•- -' ¦ "..-••
50c FLANNEL % country orders receive prompt attention, , a special Offering.
ImiajtuuitiiiiiuituaiumiiiiiiiuiuauimuniumiuiuJUiUiUiiuumiuiujuiiiiuiujiuuil
-.''¦¦¦-. • ADVERTISEMENTS, :
,i 1 -¦¦¦ ssi--—, - - We have made oar reputation
H] H B 11 BX T^i » b y curing the mos , £ , aggravated
if I 1 i-f i-4 B and chronic case* of lost vitality.
B / 11 Bi i\J I B varicocele. special diseases, blood
-A- O. JLJBi JBar • poison, rupture, kidney and blad-
der troubles, etc. -
If we could not cure these atl-
wDvvnaMKnmnMn men ts quickly and permanently
we could not afford to wait for pay until our patients are welL
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to
test our methods, remedies and appliances may de-
posit the price of a cure m any bank in San Fran-
Cisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time
the bank will return the money.
. Payments may be made In monthly installments If preferred.
We have been established 20 years. All members of our staff
I are specialists— physicians who
miaillPIt IIIP9 I bavo epent many years In curing
til U LlU UUEI I dlseases and wannesses of men
flllLCII i¥LLl_ Out Institution 13 tho largest and
r ' ¦¦ Illsill IB 6-Bj-fc- best equ ipp«d and our pracUco the
wnBHaBnBDnBMHOMBBBaaBaiBak most extensive In America.
"We never use anything of a dangerous nature, such as
electric belts, . mercury or other injurious medicines.
JWe do not charge our patients for medicines or
appliances. Other doctors charge an additional fee
tor medicines, etc., or. send their patients to high-
priced drug stores. All our remedies are prepared
in our own private laboratory.
Our home-cure system Is marveloualy successful. If you
cannot visit San Francisco write us ln confidence and we will
send you, scaled, by mall, a booklet which contains a treatise
on all diseases and . weakness of men, and a great deal of other
valuable information of a private nature for men. old or younjr.
Eick or 'well, married or single. Consultation and advice free
at office or by mail. Cures sent safely by mall or express.
l|P^% DR> MEYERS & GOi
B^
; I O li 'f'fkftfi'fl 51 ays to Chicago over
[ Vil ill Ul 11 1 tl the SANTA FE from-
\-0 San Francisco. Leaves ] :
; f . • - • j % every morning
% 1 ilTlitPn at 9 o'clock.
; l^llllllvil See the Ticket }
; ' ' - ." ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ' . •¦¦.--- • •-¦ . ;Poster Case Dismissed.
The charge of administering, poison, in
the shape :of .Illuminating gas with the.In
tent to kill a human. being made against
Frederick AI F.Postel, teamster. 8 Boyce
street, was dismissed; by Judge Fritz yes
terday. The complaining witness was the
defendant's wife. " She did not care: to
prosecute "the case, although when ehe
ewore to the; complaint' she : was very bit
ter against her husband. ,¦
Ex-Mayor Clark Released.
The charge of - violating the Federal
eight-hour law, preferred against ex-
Mayor W..R. Clark of Stockton, was dis
missed yesterday^ by United States . DIs
trlc* Judge : de Haven on motion- of the
United States Attorney. Cl.irk had been
arrested with his partner, J. H.. Henery,
several • weeks - ago ;- for . working laborers
mint than eight hours per day on: the
tidal canal near Fruitvnle. Henry pleaded
guilty and paid a line; of $200. , .
FAVOBS CONSTRUCTION
OF ROAD AT FORT MASON
Congressman Kahn Informs llayor
. Ph«lan He Will Appeal to War
Department.
Mayor Phelan received a communication
yesterday from Congressman Kahn, in
which the latter states that he intends
to brine the proposition to construct n
road around Fort Mason or Black Point
to the attention of the War. Department.
His Honor has been endeavoring to have
the United States Government construct
the drive, and General Shatter approves
the Idea. ,
The opening of Black Point i« part. of
the iilan to make Van Ness avenue an<l
Tx>mbard street a boulevard connecting
with the Presidio, and the construction of
a boulevard from the Presidio ut Moun
tain Lake to the park by acquiring seven
blocks of land between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth avenues. Crossing the park
to Seventh avenue and the Corbett road,
the boulevard will connect with the Eight
eenth-street Park, formerly the old Jew
ish cemeteries, and then by* Dolores street,
which is free of car tracks, and Buchan
an street, a boulevard would be made to
connect with the extended panhandle
which the plan contemplates. From Bak
er street to Van Ness avenue and Market
street thirteen blocks will be added, mak
ing the park and boulevard system com
plete. . . . ¦ -
To-morrow City Attorney Lane and Gar
ret McEnerney will argue the validity of
the proceedings so far held in the Su
prtme Court.- The people voted for these
measures -In December, 1SC9. and a deci
sion may soon be reached. If the decision
of the court is favorable., bonds at -3% per
cent will be issued and the work begun.
CRASHES ASHORE
ON WOOD ISLAND
Steamer Tillamook a Total
Loss in Alaskan
Waters.
On the way south a storm was met
within, fifty miles of Queen Charlotte
Sound: Three Skaguay bound steamships
were passed lying In ¦ safe anchorage be
fore the New England attempted to cross
through. The weather was exceedingly
heavy, and after an hour's battling with
the waves the steamship was compelled
to turn back 'and seek shelter In Safety
Cove.- Next morning she tried to cross the
sound again, and the. * second time * was
compelled. to lie to for a. whole day wait
ing for the high sea tn abate.
; VANCOUVER. Jan. 12.— With her decks
covered -with a foot of ice and her rigging
looking like an Arctic. I ceberjr. the steam
ship New England, the largest ' fishing
boat In the world, completed, her trip
from the north to-day. She had what her
officers say was the roughest voyage
since, she commenced the fishing' business
. two j and a half years ago. . Frank John
son, a fisherman, was . so badly frozen
that he .will; be compelled to remain in a
hospital for; some .time. .
The coldest weather was experienced on
the -way north to the ¦. Queen Charlotte
Islands, . oft the eastern coast of which
halibut are caught, to be shipped to the
Eastern markets. Johnson was on . the
forward deck and had to climb into the
rigging to prevent. being swept overboard
by the tremendous seas that washed from
end to end of the vessel. He was obliged
to remain in. that position for an hour,
and, when taken below his hands and feet
•were : frozen. . " .. .
counters Bough Weather.
Fishing Steamer New England En-
ICE COVERS HUB DECKS.
Captain Hughes says that the Tillamook
was doing better than nine knots an hour
when she brought up on the. reef, where
she was lurched and jerked about until
she. tore several holes in her bottom, also
badly breaking her sides and frames. He
and both the pilots were upon the bridge
when she struck and had, as- they sup
posed, a clear entrance to the harbor of
Kadiak. The vessel is a total loss and
she lies within a few miles of the wreck
of the old steamer Woleott. which went
topieces on a plmHar reef two years ago.
The Tillamook, which was owned in
San Francisco, sailed from Seattle on Oc
tober 20. beginning her run under a char
ter to the Alaska- Mall Steamship . Com
pany from Juneau. November 6. She pro-'
cecded to Unalaska and was returning
when overtaken by disaster.
The Alohja, In returning frcm TTnalaska
to th-i rescue of the Tlllamook's ship
wrecked passengers and crew, also got
on the. rocks. She brought up on Sand
Point reef, to the west of Unga, tearing
away nearly all of her keel. She sprang
a leak, . but manaeed to" keep .free or wa
ter by the constant use of the pumps. She
is 'returning to this port from Juneau.
Among the shipwrecked passengers
were:. N. Gray, of the Alaska Commercial
Compony;. Mrs. H. M. Hughes," of San
Francisco: Mrs. Lyall and Miss Emily
Lyall.wife and daughter of Mr. Robert
Lyall, surgeon ' of the -Apollo mine at
Unga. The full list is not obtainable, as It
is in possession of the purser, who Is
aboard the Aloha. . . .
SEATTLE, Jan. 12.— The steamer. Tilla
mook, United States mall carrler.-between
Juneau and Dutch Harbor, was wrecked
on November 27 on Wood Island reef, off
Kadiak, Alaska. Her passengers and
crew, numbering thirty" all told, made
thejr way. to Kadiak, five miles distant,
in the vessel's lifeboats. Captain Hughes,
commander of the Tillamook,- remained by
her for ' six days, ¦ when he left the
ship to her fate, going to Kadiak, where
he joined the shipwrecked, all of whom
were rescued December 27, a month sub
sequent, by the. steam schooner Aloha,
bound from Unalaska to Juneau. The
passengers and crew were taken to Ju^
neau, there embarking on the steamer
Senator, which arrived in this port at
noon to-day.
Rancher's Body Found.
,; SAN DIEGO, Jan. U.— The body of Pet
er ; Shultz. . a' rancher, .was found near th«
City:. Cemetery;, this * afternoon." Ho»prob
ably : died " of . heart " disease."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— The joint
Postal Committee ol the House and Sen
ate, which has been conducting an inves
tigation into the question of charges for
railway mail transportation. ' the exten
sion of pneumatic tube- service, . second
class mail matter and other questions af
fecting mail facilities and expenditures
for two years and a half, held its final ses
sion to-day and will present its report to
Congress on Monday.
The report will not be unanimous and
there will be several dissenting opinions
on different points. Regarding the main
question, that of the cost of railroad mail
transportation, the conclusion of the com
mittee is that, under the present system
the charge -Is not excessive.- This con
clusion is concurred In by all the mem
bers of the committee, save Representa
tive Moody, of Massachusetts and Repre
sentative Catchings of -Mississippi. The
latter believes 'and- will so-state In a sepa
rate report that certain economies could
be effected on, the roads running through
regions of dense population, and they will
recommend that; a committee of the
House, to consist of an official of the
Postofuce Department. Professor Adams,
who acted as the committee's expert, be
appointed to carry .out the suggestions.
They estimate that r the enforcement of
their suggestions would save the Govern
ment $3,000,000 annually. -
The committee is unanimous, it Is un
derstood, that an extension of the pneu
matic, tube system -is impracticable and
Inadvisable. Upon the question of sec
ond-class mall matter, although the com
mittee concurs. . In the opinion .that the
piesent classification is Inequitable, no
specific recommendation is- made, as it Is
stated that Congress Is already thoroughly
familiar with the Issue involved. Regard.-
Ing the matter, of special railroad -facili
ties, the committee,- with the exception of
Senator Martin of. Virginia. and Represen
tative ;Catchings of Mississippi, oencurs
in the opinion that such expenditures are
not Justified. : . ;\ ..:•:;: -
Opinions of Members of
the Joint Postal
Committee. h
'¦¦¦. ,w: ; . . :
RAILWAY RATES
NOT EXCESSIVE
FRANK E. SMITH, the man who
has carried mail to tho banks and
downtown wholesalers for nearly
a score of years, has ' been pro
moted. He has beon^ appointed
assistant to Postal Inspector Erwin. To
morrow, for the first time, Sunday ex
cepted. In «o many years that he has al
most lost count, he will not have to
shoulder his load and tramp, rain or shine,
from end to end of the district, where he
Is as well known to employer and em
ployes os their most intimate friends.
He has a proud record in all his term of
service— he only reported lnte for duty
once and that was unavoidable.
California Commission. I did not visit
the State headquarters while I was in
Paris, and consequently know nothing. of
what went on there.
"The act" appropriating $130,000 for an
exhibition of California products, meant
the exhibition of products of California,
not the establishment of a homo for en
tertainment or the dispensation of hos
pitality nor to give dinners to the com
missioners cf other countries, nor to cele
brate the Fourth of July nor the observ
ance of Admission day. but for the instal
lation, maintenance and exhibiting of
products of the State.
"There is only one more statement to
which I care to give any attention,' and
if 1 had consulted my I- would
not have given any of them attention.
The statement to which I refor Is the
charge that I sent back from Paris denun
ciations of the commission. This, is Just
as mendacious as any other statement
that has been made. There were somt!
letters from Paris published which were
attributed to me. but I was not the author
of them. All this is easy of demonstra
tion. If any newspaper publisher in Cali
fornia has published anything denuncia
tory' of the California commission which
he obtained from me. he Is at full liberty
to make the .statement publicjy. No such
publisher can be found. I wrote but three
letters from ..Paris which were published,
and each v.as published over my signa
ture.
"Nothing has been done by me at any
time which was caDable of any distortion
into an act of unfriendliness toward the
commission during the time of the collec
tion of the exhibit, or its installation and
exposition at Paris. It has been and con
tinues to be a matter of sincere regret on
my part that misunderstanding of any
r.ature should have arisen In the prem
ises. I am completely conscious that such
misunderstanding- is not attributable to
any faction of mine, any more than that
the proposed investigation of the Pans
Commission by the Legislature was pro
moted, suggested or desired by myself.
- In such high regard was he held by. the
men he met every day on his rounds that
President Alvord and Cashier Brown of
the Bank of California, used their .in
fluence to secure him his present position.
Mr. Smith is a native of Nyack, N. Y.,
and came to this State nearly twenty
three year3 ago. He was organizer and
first president of the Letter Carriers' As
sociation.. His residence is at 1317 Broad
way. He married in this State and has
three daughters. The- news of his pro
motion will come as good tidings to all of
his many friends, and though he will be
missed in the district which has known
him so Ions, there is none but will be
glad of his good fortune.
FRANK E. SMITH. WHO HAS CARRIED A MAIL BAG FOR TWENTY
YEARS AND HAS BEEN PROMOTED TO BE ASSISTANT TO POSTAL
INSPECTOR ERWIN. *
Only I/earned cf Fistic Engagements
When Participants Were
Obligtd to Go to the
.- - ; 'j Hospital.
gf . _ __„
WEST POINT. Jan. 12.— When the Con
gressional investigating committee to-day
resumed Its probing process into hazing
at the military academy, there wns an un
usually large gathering of spectators . In
the examination room. The first witness
called to-day was Colonel A.' L. Mills, su
perintejident of the academy. The witness
said' that' he graduated from West Poln*.
In June, 1879.. During his experience as a
cadet, he said, fourth class men were re
quired to be obedient j and respectful to
the upper class men, but not in the same
measure which they would be obliged to
lecognize the authority of an academy of
ficer. The same demerit system which,
now exists .was then in vogue.
"Did they have class scrapping commit
tees then?" asked Judge Smith.
"They did- not." j ¦
"Did they have fist fights to a finish,
with referees, seconds and time-keepers?"'
"Not that I can recall. I think thete
were only three fights during my academic
term. . These : were of an impromptu na
ture and I think the contestants were all
first class men."
Judge Smith . then asked a number o'
questions beaVlng on the surveillance o'
the movements of cadets at night and
elicited the information that no officer is
supposed , to be awake all night in order
to see that the cadets don't get outside
of the post reservation.
General Dick asked the witness many
questions bearing on the summary expul
sion from the academy of former Cadets
Bender and Lane in February, 1S99. Th2
men had been guilty of breaking into th.*
executive building, where they falsified
the records of demerits. They took off de
merits from the records of thirteen cadets,
including their own, but did not add ue
merits to the records of any others. Lane
confessed his part in the affair and also
owned up to his having assisted In burg
larizing, the cadet commissary. This con
fession was made to Superintendent Mill 4,
who dismissed the men at once.
Judge Smith then asked the superintend
ent about the action of the authorities to
suppress fighting or to punish those per
sons who took part in these affairs. Colo
nel Mills said that, despite the vigilance
of the academic authorities, these fights
were kept solely within the knowledge of
the cadets themselves. He said that only
two fights had come to his knowledge and
they were made known through the fact
that the cadets had to go to the hospital.
Colonel Mills told, the committee that
cadets who had been fighting did > not
usually show ¦ marks of punishment that
might attract the attention of the officers.
Colonel 'Mills said he believed fighting
would cease In the academy and he 'felt
the best method of abolishing fighting and
hazing would be the creation of a senti
rrent among the cadets against such prac
tices, and he stated that he was striving
to stir up such a sentiment.
The superintendent' informed the com
mittee that up to about a year ago there
was great difficulty in securing evidence
from men who were hazed, as the regula
tions made hazers and hazed subject to
punishment. As the regulations had been
revised so that it is no longer a punish
able offense to be hazed the colonel said
that the fourth class men could now com
plain * without Incriminating themselves.
This In a great measure, he said, would
tend to make. the fourth class men resist
any attempts at hazing. . .
The witness then stated that there was
a decided change for the better in regard
to the exercising during last summer's
encampment.
"What would you think of a scheme of
administering an oath against hazing to a
cadet when he gets- his appointment?"
asked Mr. Drlggs. . ;
"I should not think it wlse.« There Is a
difficulty- in defining hazing., Chafflngand
quizzing new cadets is not hazing," replied
the colonel.
In reply to another question the wit
ness said:
"While I do not regard fighting, at -the
academy as a trifling affair. I do not think
it would be wise to change the existing
rule."
Mr. Drlggs said: "I have heard it said
In several parts of the country that fight
ing is traditional at West Point. Now/ 1
want to ask, is it true that you "West
Point officers are so imbued with the tra
ditions of fighting that you don't care to
have it stopped?"
"That is certainly not true." replied the
witness with some feeling, "and the offi
cers of the academy are the ones who
want to Tiut.it down. Fighting Is not
traditional here." I am strongly opposed
"Is It not cowardly on the part of upper
class men to call out fourth class men to
fight aealnst m<m who have better phy
sical* advantage?" i
"Yes, I think It is wrong, and to a cer
tain extent, cowardly," was the reply.
Colonel -Mills was questioned as to th©
dlrmissalof Cadet Huetzler. . •
Colonel Clayton said Huetzler had been
reported forty-one times by officers and on
these reports ' he - received sixty-five de
merits, and on seventy-six reports from
cadets he received 152 demerits, making
in all 219 demerits. Colonel Mills, when
asked if he had ever found cadet officers
to be partial in their reports, said he
never In his career as superintendent had
a suspicion; of a cadet . officer having
abused. his authority. . .
Chairman Dick said the number of de
merits-given Huetzler on reports ;of ca
dets, 152. as against sixty-five from offi
cers, seemed so greatly out of proportion
to the other cases on the list that he
thought It needed some explanation. "
We3t Point Superintendent
.'on the. Witness .
Stand.
COLONEL MILLS
TELLS OF FIGHTS
W. H. Mills vigorously denies having
instigated the proposed legislative investi
gation cf the acts of the California Paris
Commission. He. resents the imputation
that he Is disgruntled because he was not
appointed a member of the commission
and is taking this means to be revenged
on those who were made the recipients of
the Governor's favor when the appoint
ments were distributed. Moreover he is
so well satisfied with the two exhibitions
of California products which he as the
representative of the Southern Pacific
Company collected. Installed and presided
over at Paris that he has no time to nour
ish hard feelings toward t.iose who spent
f=o much of the State's money in putting
up what he terms an inferior exhibition.
Mr. Mills opens up on his accusers with
the assertion, that the act of the Legisla
ture appropriating $130,000 for an exhibit
of California products at Paris was un
constitutional, and quotes the law on the
subject to back him up.
Mr. Mills protests that he has not seen
nor communicated with Grove L. Johnson
for more than a year, and that he has
never mentioned the subject of an Investi
gation or referred to the commission In
any way in any conversation he has had
with W. S. Melick. He says he has no
idea who suggested the investigation, but
he is aware that the Chamber of Com
merce of Los Angeles was very much dis
satisfied with the distributive exhibit
made by the State at Paris, and suggests
that possibly that body may have had
something to do with bringing the matter
before the Legislature. Incidentally Mr.
Mills admits that the Lcs Angeles Cham
ber of Commerce supplied him with all
the materials for his Southern California
exhibit.
"The statement that I have Instigated
this investigation to be revenged upon
members of the commission, or at all. is
as false as It Is absurd," said Mr. Mil's
yesterday. "I have no animus against th':
commission either as individuals or as a
body. In the first place the statement
that I was disappointed in not being ap
pointed a Paris Commissioner Is untrue.
At that time when I had every reason t«
believe the Governor would appoint me, 1
telegraphed withdrawing my name from
further 'consideration with the otflce, an-1
I did this through conviction thnt unless
California's resources could be presented
either in a separate pavilion or in a de
partment which would admit of a cumu
lative exposition, the money would be
s.pcnt in vain. I so stated to interviewers
at the time, and the result has completely
vindicated that statement. 1 was askt <]
at that time what disposition I would
make of the appropriation, and I said that
in my opinion it should be returned to the
treasury of the State. I am giad to see
now that to the extent of $14,000 my advice
was taken and the only regret I feel is
that the entire sum did not return to the
treasury.
"I have held from the first that the act
appropriating $130,000 for a State exhibi
tion at the Paris Exposition was unconsti
tutional. . The constitution provides that
no money shall be appropriated for the
support of a State institution that is not
under the exclusive control of the State.
The exhibit was not under the control of
the State. The State simply contributed
to the United States exhibit and every
thing was under the direct supervi
sion of Commissioner General Peck, who
in turn was bound by the rules laid down
by the French Government. There was
no 'State' exhibition at Paris and the only
way you could tell an article was from
California was by looking at the label on
it. The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce was verv much dissatisfied with the
distributive exhibit.
"The statement that I organized an
other exhibition to defeat the State ex
hibition is untrue. The State exhibit coul.l
! not possibly be defeated, and, moreover,
the suggestion for the exhibits made by
the Southern Pacific 1id not come from
me, but from C. P. Iluntington. and the
arrangements were made under the direc
tion of George Crocker. Neither Mr.
Huntingdon. Mr. Crocker nor myself en
tertained any ill will toward the Califor
nia commission, nor diJ the idea of mak
ing an exhibition by the Southern Pacific
Company originate In any desire to ob
struct or diminish In any way the value
: of the exhibit which the Commissioners
would make on behalf of this State.
"The Southern Pacific Company mad«
tvro exhibits in Paris at its own expense,
equally for the benefit of the State and
of the company. The most conspicuous
and monumental misrepresentation in
1 connection with this proposed Investiga
tion Is compressed In the statement that
1 the Southern Pacific Company's exhibit
in the pavilion erected by itself within the
grounds of the exposition was there . fay
the magnanimity of the Commissioners.
"The Commissioners, except Commia
eioner Foote, used every endeavor to pre
1 vent the Installation ot the Southern Pa
cific Company's exhibit In the pavilion.
Commissioner Runyou and Commissioner
Truman, accompanied by Secretary Gas
kill visited the office of the Commissioner
General and entered first a verbal pro
test against any exnloit from California
Inside of the exposition grounds; and
subsequently entered a written protest.
: I hold a letter from Commissioner General
i Peck In which the statement Is made that
! the California Commissioners had protest
ed aeainst the installation of 6ur exhibit
In the pavilion. They also filed a protest
with the French Government.
"I appeared alone before Peck, and he
told me that he sympathized with the
Commissioners, because he had told them
that they could not make a collective ex
hibit in the prounds. But ne allowed roe
to stay. I saw a letter In the hands of
the French authorities from Gaskill de
claring that the commission was authorr
ized to make an exhibition and protesting
apitinpt an exhibition by the Southern Pa
cific Company. While I regretted the
whole controversy, it was a good adver
tisement for the exhibit itself. I- had
some correspondence with the Governor
while we were endeavoring: to set the ex
hibit installed, and I took pains to inform
him that the letters wer« not confidential.
I can produce these letters if; desired.
! The Southern Pacific's two exhibits, in
! eluding $7000 rent an'd the cob! of the pa-
Villon, represented an outlay of $32,000. and
constituted the only collective exhibit of
California products at the exposition.
"I have no charges to make against the
Declares Accusations Against Him
Are Absurd and Untrue.
Blight Have Had Appoint
ment, but Declined. .
W. H. Mills Has No Gfrievauce
Against Commissioners
NOT INSTIGATOR
OF INVESTIGATION
THE SA^ST : ; FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
F. E. Smith/ Who "Covered" Wholesale District
Twenty Years, Is Inspector Erwin's Assistant. %
VETERAN LETTER CARRIER
GAINS FINE PROMOTION
Butchers Elect Officers:
At the last - meetingr of the 'Butchers'
Board of Trade the followlng,ofllc6r8 .were
elected for the current" year: V President,'
Captain. J.' McMenomy;'-lirst> vice presi
dent, Thomas McKeon;: second vice'presi
dent,'', J. \W PhllUps;; treasurer,'- S. Silver
berg;' recording secretary, B.J.. Horn;
financial ; secretary, VI D. ,:A. ViHuntemann;
marshal, .: F. C. . assistant mar
shal, Henry Meyn.'Wgaaagggjjgigeigg
to It."
17
j^£2*±. Pv'*™7A Eh Qu"^ 1 ' WA
Humphrey** Homeopathic, Medicine' Co.. Cor.
William and John Sts.. New York.
The, cable reports that Grip— Influenza is
raging In' St. Petersburg— attacking, espe-
cially, the rich and nobles of. high' sta-
tion.. -When "an epidemic of Grip starts in
the Russian capital, it n?ver ceases until
it circles th« globe, so be prepared. Dr.
Humphreys' Specific ¦ "Seventy-seven" , is
a preventive as well as a perfect cure.- '
Checked Circulation is the cause of
.nearly all Colds. The. use of "77" starts
the blood tingling through {he veins un-
til ; it reaches the* extremities, when the
fe«t warm up and the Cold Is broken. At
all druggists, 25c, or by mall. y. "
~- . y ¦
New oocket ?dltlon of Dr. .Humphreyar Man-
ual of all diseases, mailed free. ' :' -¦¦
Russian Grip— Influenza.
£6 B^jpB2£S&? fp
ADVERTISEMENTS.
?,DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. "
Women as Well as Men Suffer and Are Made
Miserable by Kidney and Bladder Troubles,
— — ¦¦ I... - 0.""~ m m ""*
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The
Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Among the many famous cures of Swamp- Root will -do Just as much for
Swamp-Root investigated by The Call. a "y housewife whose back Is 1 ipo • £fak
none seem to spsak higher of ?he wonder-
fid curative properties of this great klrl- . tnat lne cares of life are more than she
ney remedy than the one we publish this can stand. It is a boon to the -weak and
week for the benefit of our readers. ailing. V-t *'
"You lmv<» no Kirn how wfll I feel. I am sat- ,^»^* _,_ „^]^j*Hi jjHr^ 7* j^
isfied thnt I ilo not neffl any more medicine, aj* >"'^«tf**^?5?''^^^?sr s '>>!>^5l3*.
I am In as trooil hrnlth as I ever was tn my /j($f'/*-%&\ <y £i3£ai*\^<tmfo.
life." So nays Mrs. Mary Enjelhardt. of /J^ 4^^^^^^^ VW^
Madison street. St. Louis. Mo., to a r»i>ort«r of / #tt&tfv&{j&2pr£*r£&$. V\
the .«t. Jxiuis Globe-DemOvrnt. I ff^/^-f/^Wr^^^ir*^^ W
"For mure than t<>n years I had Buffered with I [>$!**•' ,^1£Jf X^l* *%S?*£vK \\
what the doctors termed female 1 trouble; alsi / E^*<"$ft*£^!r^ \\
heart trouble, with swelling of the ftn-t and /P^'/'eS *&-* c^®'vl \\ '
liml'S. l^i<t s-ummer I felt !>o badly that I KW/£r3j|*!^3 : *a' \
thought I had not Ionic to live. I consulted WSlSWlm *^P S^VW^ir 1
doctor after doctor nnd took their medicines, hv MJh^ V 1
but f"lt no better. The physicians told me my H'/fwimB «*Vi. *$$&&jr-'f
kidney* were not affected, but I felt sur* that 8'J'/l'ijl*\>la I
they were the caure of my trouble. A friend Rriu>AMtkS\ , *>lJl I
, recommended me to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- \ll!»7tlJKM?V JS^V^KS^jay/' . I
Hoot, and I must say I derived Immense benefit iH'''i!MtKS»V_" Ji$S&(%3ritl I
almost from th? first week. 1 continued the \ V 1 1 K v\w u^Si&iS^v* t* //
medic inp. taking It regularly, nnd I am now In \\ fvV.'i'Wi^i ¦ < *^^2JW.^ / /
splendid hoalth. The pains and aches have all \\ l*rrilj?%B r ?&*S2!l^ I
tone. I have reeemmended Swamu-Ront to A^yKf^w* r»w rH'-'f &Si I
all my friends, and to!d them what it has done m& Tw'SsJeiS^X*^'"/*!!—^" 'SISSM' /
for me. 1 will gladly answer any one who de- >$3^^S»cGfcfi^t*j5SEJW /
sires to write me regarding my oa?e. I most K^tfk V®Si^5 B^i l < ffim' •
heartily Indorse Swamp-Koot from every Ptand- v£s'*v^fvW— = ; "^.««^-A 1 »Vy' ./
point. Thore ia such a pleasant taste to Swamp- " '— ft lirS
Hoot, and It coes right to the weak spots and T5jW^T*^»gB*i V.".*'— J^.^^
drives them out of. the system." ' ET^^^r^
MRS. MARY ENGELHARDT. " !
Hnw -tn Pinri Chili- Jt used to be considered that only urinary
11UW IU rinU UUl arid bladder troubles were to be traced to
19 "Vrin Nf***H the kidneys, but now modern science proves
Ml iuu nwwu that nearly all diseases have their beginning
SwsimF^^Rrtnf* ' n disorder of these most Important organs.
OWdinp-KOOl. The kldm . ys fiUer and pur \ ty the blood-
that la their work. So when your kidneys are .weak or out of order, you can
understand how quickly your entire body Is affected, and how every organ seems
to fail to do its. duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin by taking the famous new discovery. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Roct, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
ilany women suffer untold misery because the 'nature of their disease is not cor-
rectly understood. They are led to believe that womb trouble or female weakenss
of some sort is responsible for the many Ulx that beset womankind.
Xeuralgla, nervousness, headache puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the back, weakness or bearing down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, frequent' desire to pass
it night or day. with scalding or burning sensation— these are all unmistakable
signs of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there Is any doubt In your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination it Is milky or cloudy. If there is a brlckdust settling, or
if small particles float about In It. your kidneys are in need of Immediate attention.
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizzi-
ness, irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of am-
bition but no strength.
Swamp-Roof Is pleasant to take and la used In the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice, and is taken by doctors them-
selves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, ycru can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
fSDITO^I^ L NO T I *"+*..— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. LJver and
Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been
made by which all our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by. mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and blad-
der troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and
mention reading this generous offer in The San Francisco Sunday Call when send-
ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..Blnghamton, X. Y.
WILL WOMEN'S RIGHTS BRING
HAPPINESS?
Helen Marvin Thinks Not, and
Points Out to Hor Sex the Mis-
takes It h Making.
At some time or other all of my read-
ers must have attended a woman's
lights meeting, and many of you per-
haps are interested In the movement.
Well, I went to such a meeting recent-
ly. I heard a lot of talk about down-
trodden women, about how they were
able and willing to support themselves
in the same field with men, and a great
deal more in the same vein. Women
¦were urged to fight for the right to
vote. Women to be looked upon as
man's equal by the law, women as
property holders, women on school
matters — all these things were dls-
cusscd. DIsrontent for the prestnt con-
dition of affairs was expressed in every
epeech.
I left the meeting, saddened. True,
the lot of women of the present day is
r.ot what it should be. They are un-
bappy. dissatisfied.
But will equarrights with men brins
them happiness? Will it make- them
more contented?
I fear not. History does not show it.
The women of two or three generations
back were contented -and happy. There
were few 511-mated marriages, few di-
vorces. Yet women never thought of
having equal rights with men. They
were willing to be the sex to 'honor
and obey." Women were worshiped by
men as something holy. Men did not
dream of asking them to take care of
themselves. Their mission In life was
not to support themselves, but to be
true wives and good mothers.
On the other hand, many of the wo-
men of to-day are totally unwilling to
fulfill their conjugal duties, or to de-
vote themselves to the rearing of chil-
dren. They spend their time, rather, in
a, jealous guarding of their rights in
the "position of the wife," and in forc-
ing individual and state alike to reeos-
r.5zo thTir equality with man.
Why is it that we cannot feel as our
grandmothers did? Why all this guard-
ing of our rights? The fact of the mat-
ter is. the trouble lies in our physical
rather than our social condition. Our
grandmothers were strong, healthy wo-
men, well able to attend to the duties
nature assigned to them. We for the
most part are broken in nerves, many
cf us Fuffering from some female dis-
order that quite unfits a woman to be a
wife in more than name. So the bonds
which held the family together and
pave a woman her rights through love
r.o longer exist In many, many cases,
and she must now demand and insist
before she gets what she considers her
due.
I have known so many young people
who married and for a time were a3
happy as two doves. The rights of wo-
men did not trouble the wife. She was
content with the gifts of affection
showered upon her by her husband.
But by and by clouds arise. Sometimes
there is a child, sometimes two. The
mother is not strong enough to care
for them. Her relatives come to her
help, but even then she hasn't time to
devote to the husband she has promised
to love until death. He finds his way
to clubs, to matters of other interest-
Business occupies much of the time
that would under more pleasant cir-
cumstances have been spent at home.
Then the woman feels herself neglect-
ed, the care of the children is turned
over to nurses, she goes to women's
clubs and demands of the state equal
rights with men. But Is it these rights
Ehe wants? Is it not rather the rights
of the wife, the rights she willingly re-
linquished when she allowed herself to
be physically unable to attend to her
wifely duties?
It seems to me, therefore, that any
woman who feels herself unfairly
treated, who does not believe that the
has the lights to which she is entitled,
fhou'.i look for the trouble in herself.
Discontent and unhappiness often are
the result of nervousness. Nervousness
can always be traced to female trouble.
I do wish that every woman who feels
dissatisfied with her lot would realize
that she Is sick, and would take steps
to make herself well. If your back
aches continually, bo that you feel as
though you no longer could stand it,
don't let the pain continue. Take Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
and it will cure you. If you have pain
during your monthly illness. If it seems
Impossible to take up your work in the
morning, the cares of your household
peem more than you can bear, remem-
ber that these are but indications of
serious trouble. Lydia E. PinkhanVa
Vegetable Compound will cure these
troubJes. and will make you strong and
•well content with your life.
Mrs. Pinkham's medicine will make a
•woman cheerful and happy, will make
h^r more ready to meet the wishes of
her husband, and once more will tlrey
realize the Joys of home. The children
when they come will be a blessing, a
delight, and not a burden. Then will
the demands for women's rights no
longer be necessary, for again woman
will have found her true vocation— to ba
a devoted wife and loving: mother.
HELEN MARVIN.
ADVEHTTSE1IENTS.
D2. flALL'SEEISYlOOEATORHHH
Fii'e hundred reward for any npMfiMft^
cstt-« we csinnot cure. Thim secret Wau BK^,
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, jj rg
cures Emiselons, Impotency. Vart- j sSti
cocde. (Joncrrho<«a. Gleet. Fits, fjfi Hffl
tinctures. Lost Manhood and all UikJ tiTJ
Tk-fcstlng efTects or tielf-abutse or PSjI WaZl
f-xctuet. Sent K^Ied, J2 bottle; 3 k« HW't/PSj
bottle*. tS; truaranteed to cure any case.- Ad-
<JrcKs HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, tbi
Broadway. Oakland, Cal Also for sale at 1072*
Mjuket St.. & F. All private diseases quickly
ciu-ed, Send for free book. •"
•* ° iHS la^ 1 ntffl ™^1 I fwf«C^B»l C '
* * U 'Sr-is^Kyj 1\?M iLMiySJBffCT! CC O
'£ £ BwSaF^ X 2.
J>. *¦ HtSsKj EK'ifcSi Z. **
i _« BsSDrSB l Pvi i Hi S
« £3 l«Waf#MrfMGM£^^Bv\L3i4s3BftaMaySCra -* -.
U*< Hl|J&aj5Sa^rt > '4fl0BaBaBa^P^pB»^^SMjBll| i£ 7? m
' "^ trl ¦
TO THE PUBLIC!
SAN FR.V>TCnSCO.. Oct.
/JfgffiHiSl '• 19°0— To whom it may
«3R**^i concern: TMs la to certify
VW? • that Drt. WONG HIM of
\5«£C: F 115-117 Mason strn»t. San
M/ A,* / ' Francisco, has eared m»
3t'SEi / ot kidney trouble an.l
4iK^»~/ rheumatism and I am.
Jft*&*-. A^ happy to make this »tate-
y£S!bZ^h xv\. nient. aa I find the Doctor
yjfPJKJwilrftr^a*.^^ strictly honest in every
MBKIHiSWCK^Bl* tense of the word and an
a T^^^T honorable man In all fcH
dealings. DR. C. A. OAT. Dentist. 902 Second
ave., Seattle, Wash.
• December 15, 1900— This is to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright" a
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him ot '
113-117 Mason street, San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In - perfect health. I writs this In
my appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that
other sufferers may be relieved, and I win t>e
Klad to certify to this In person to any on«
that may call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN' A1.LAXSON.
Orchard avenue, Elmhumt. Alameda Co.. Cal.
3. F... December 4, 1S39— Dr. Won* Him, 115-
117 Mason, st., S. F.; Cal.— Dear Sir: For th«
benefit of 'others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. . After treat-
Ing with . six eminent physicians my case -was -
pronounced Incurable. Hearing o* Dr. Won*
Him, and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
strong. Tours, respectfully.
MRS. BARIX>W. 1037 Mission St.. S. T.
one piiditc*
T^XSgiik BOTTLE bUntc
/ nil H MCBURNEY'S
r%& S*r^ kTir1nf»v« n ' 13l! " lll «'
tV 13t A thorough cure for
. jf\ . I C P&1B3 In the bock,
SJ • X. BRIGHTS DISEASE,
*• r,i- female troubles, inctra-
tlaence Of urine, brlcfc dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall stone*,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. "
for sals AT
THE OWL, DRUG CO.. 1128 Market tt.
AND AT .
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. H4 Kearny «t.
Send 25c in 2o stamps to W. F. McBurney.
413 8. Spring at.. • Los Aatreies. Cat., for 3
days' - treatment. Prepaid tt SO. Druggists.
»^«aV^>^«»'«fc'*fc^'^^^^«
6 visrr OR- JORDAN'S qmat d
{MUSEUM OF ANATGHY*
9 £2* lHllUXZSX3S.tat.6&*?tt.&r.Cal.4
\ .Cf Th« L»rj«t Ajutooical Miurn in th« \
0 iiaJtw Wocjd. watkattMs of «.-» » eor.m c tert 4
X WSS&4 disease »»»*ttwi»l» •*ra4h r the otdnt T
d flSSS CR. JOaDAX-PSnATE DISEASES $
\ ff ®R^fi Co«ol»Hon fnw tnd ftrlctiT prirM* \
V I iSw a T " mnent personally or by letter. A M
\ B I Sl 9 ***¦**• CW«l<irter»c»4«imdsTti0t«n. \
Mm I Hfi> Wr!t«fo»Boot.r'BliI-«»»«»W«lf»f4
™ t p aiaiusc, MAiua #as& uf
X A (I' »»lutWe book fct an) . \
y Da JUBDAK * C0., IWl Market St. 8. F. f
TONO *»O CH"V.
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
; graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practic* of many years la
China, has located In Saa
Francisco. Th« •urprtsln* and
marvelous cures , effected by
' bis herbs demonstrate thetr
. potenea and his skill. • Tae*a>
herbs car* over 400 different
(&Sn£?&?&Kl diseases. Including Bright'*
vPvmFiter Pi'faee. Diabetes. Conaump-
: n *S« ff T. tlon. Asthma. Paralysis. Brain.
Nerve, ¦ Cancers. Tuipors. Blood. Mule and Fe-
male Maladies. - All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever »r* Inrtted to call.
Office, in Washington st Office hours— S a.
m. to 12 m.. 1 to J p. m.; Sundays.' 10 a. m. to
13 m. Accept rrateful thanks 'for effecting a>
curs of asthma of • several years* staadlns;.
¦ ¦ .^- --- - A. DARLEI, Saa Ttm/aitl. *
| The Best Selling Book in America
¦ ~ R\/IRVlNf"*-RAC^HFILER'
200th THOUSANb
H "The. marvelous success of 'Eben Holden' is as much a
m -; compliment to the great American public as to; the, author. ¦
H - . .;¦ . .-'Eben Holden' is a true book; it is pre-eminently a
[| story of- Americans for Americans. We have ' 'long heard
8 callsVfor Avhat should be the great ¦¦American. novel; here we
m have the nearest approach to it. In American -literature we %
S have now a perfect representation of atypical Amefican'charr ;;
jpacter."— Philadelphia, Telegraphs
I Over 100,000 Gppies
I Sold in 30 Days. \
S 'I2mo, Gold Lettered on Red Cloth, ¦'Gilt Top, $I;50;
I At AM Bookstores. ¦ *'
igOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY,; BOSTON,
DR. PIERCE'S |ga BOUI-BAHEHY
Gl?er. h^]//. hjgZml&tn
Br Deui of Ovii.AilJal/' pHanee! It
li?-:t e-r.a At- S»»S«£EiL wtlh « lectrlc "
titchrr.enti a t/W£^SA Uj>> lhuj * Vm
powerful cur- v^^E^S la Nature' •
rent ot eleo- / tjP^XSSBlSBI warmth and
trlcltrmarbe fTill'lifflPl atrenrth to all
convoyed to kSsSfffizJi wll ° " 8e "•
anr part of I >*¥7 r^T^S 3p^allycu r ««
the botfr of 1 VST I pH without firuri
the w»arer. I III \ . I Jf and !¦ aa «-ood
from bead to !«•« 1 iff for WWMn
foot, thereby I A H \" I aa for men.
Imparting I 'if 1 f *^ce« r«a-
vlm and vigor 1 M I %% ¦onable. No
to all weak A H I . A "JF r • e" or
parts and \ W v3b Half I*rlce '
driving a»a.> fT*Jh i »> oaeru made
a c h e ¦ and '•L i afr" to •*" thl*
paSne ci U^** Tip. BELT. If
by m«r»c (2j\ I™ w *»t *h«
ETOar new "Book- ** "V B B 8 T. you
let No. r* dm full In- roust h a t«
formation. Frt* at of- "Dr. Pierce' «.'.'
flc« or mailed to tny aflflres* for a 2-cent
rtxmp Call or addr«M PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. U4t Broadwar (ab»r« »th at.).
N«» Tork. Pacific Ooaat office. , «0 M*r-
ket et. loppoBlte Palace Hotel). San Fran-
Whea writing, kindly mention thla papor.Gas Consumers* Association, S44 Post at., re
duces cm bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kiads of electric work promptly attended to.*
Special information, supplied dally ¦ to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •»
Townsend's California grlace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present' for Eastern triends.
629 Market street. Palac'e Hotel building. *
Choice candies, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
tion to enlistment In the 'United States
navy on this coast communicate with the
-commandant at the navy-yard, Mare
Island.
THREE CENTURIES— A Subscriber,
Gaulala, Cal. If a woman was born in
1734 and is still living she has lived In
three centuries. First In the eighteenth,
which closed December 31. 18TO; In th«
nineteenth, which closed December 31,
1500, and now in the twentieth.
, TRADE SCHOOLS— R. W. M.. Santa
Cruz, Cal. For information in regard to
schools In San Francisco that teach
trades and for conditions of. admission,
communicate with the director of the
L>ick School of Mechanical Arts and the
director of the School, lo
cated on opposite corners of Sixteenth and
Utah streets.
OF FOREIGN PARENTS— Subscriber.
City. If a child is born in any- of the
United States of foreign parents before
the parents are naturalized, that child Is
an American by birth and a citizen of the
United States; but upon attaining- major
ity, should the father not have become
naturalized, the individual may elect to
remain a citizen of the United States or
to become a citizen of the country of his
father. - /-.:.:. ,
ENLISTMENTS IN THE NAVY— A. B.
S., Ukiah, Cal. For information in rela-
WESTERN' TJXION STAMPS— L. E. F.,
San Mateo, Cal. Dealers in stamps offer
to pell stamps of the Western Union Tele
graph Company, issue of 1894. for 60 cents
apiece. That will give an idea of their
value In the market.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
By Prank W. Butterfl«ld— Monday, ' January
14, at 11 a. rn.-tnd.tp. m., Oriental Rugi, at
S08 ButUr «t • • - ••;-•'¦• ¦ . - ¦¦
AUCTION" SALES.
**JCo," she raid, emphatically, "I can
not bid you hope,"
"Why not?" he persisted.
"Well, candidly, your habits are bad."
"But If you acknowledge me as a can
didate for your hand I would reform."
•Then your chances would be simply nil.
You : know what usually happens to the
reform • candidate."— Philadelphia Press,
Edmund— Give our clergyman? Why,
Euftada, he pets five times the ralary I
do! The delicate thins to do la to bans
back and Bee what he gives us.— Puck.
Eustacia— Edmund, what b bail we give
our clergyman?
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.-J. D.Hugren
is at the St. James. Mr. and Mrs. Fenni
xnore and H. It. Fennlmore are at the
Xliggs. All are of San Francisco. .
It looks as if s Clark of Montana would. not have a, walkover for. the Senate after all. It is true
there;isho competitor against him, but the legislators seem inclmedtb adjourn\ and advertise for
'proposals;-"' .. ' ; ;; -- '''¦;¦]¦'' :¦.'-"¦'¦: ¦. '' : v- ; \ '/¦:¦¦' •- : --- / - — ¦¦_ i££*U&'£i- ' l ¦ : A«V. :
' A Chicago Grand;jury is ; said; to have closed the old year witha sensational report in which
the Mayor ami the police authorities were severely censured for the ; toleration of crime and vice,
but as it Is '"added that the report made no indictments, it is evident the sensation is hardly more im
portant tharWwould have been caused by the popping of a roasted chestnut:
A South Carolina magistrate whose district contains a settlement of disorderly negroes
started the new year by requiring all adult negroes; -Hying.' there; "to/ get ; ; marTied.*.;^He-said : he^has'
noticed that men do not fight over their wives so often as over, theif/paramours, and ordered the
marriages by way of maintaining the peace. , The scheme has the "attraction of novelty; but
in this part of the country magistrates have been compelled at times to do the other, thmg'and
dissolve marriages in order to keep the peace. • . . !
/ The Boston Transcript recently contained an advertisement to this effect: "A neat young
woman wanted for second girl, who sings and can teach piano to a boy of ten; 'wages $2." If that be
a fair example of what constitutes the "servant girl problem" in Boston, not even the enlightened in
tellects of that city can solve it. Tlie task of combining a second servant girl with a teacher of in
strumental music and a singer seems well nigh impossible;, and should it be accomplished the com
bination would be worth more than $2 a .week of anybody's "".money. ' •
IT IS evident that Mr. Martin Kelly does not make a nucleus for his health. His Speaker of
the 'House has made a strictly nucleus organization of that body.
Passing over experience and fitness for legislation, Speaker Pendleton introduced a new
method into legislative organization by confining his committee chairmanships closely to the mem
bers of the nucleus, and then he took pains to put a majority of the nucleus on important commit
• tees. He has, in< other words, ignored the fact that the majority of the House is Republican, and
has made a new alignment, dividing the membership into the Nucleus and the Republican parties.
He treats the Republicans as a minority, the Nucleus as a majority party.
It will be observed that the nucleus is organized for "biz," as the push would say. The
committees which will handle measures- that have juice in them or that will have the power to pro
tect malfeasance in public trusts are allmade up for a purpose.
The Republicans of the State will feel the situation keenly, because they supposed they had
a majority in the House. To be so suddenly turned into a minority by that eminent political magi
cian, Martin Kelly, is enough to give" a Republican "the verrhes." ,
THE NUCLEUS.
WHILE Marconi holds the leading- place in the ranks of those who are fast making wire
less telegraphy a formidable rival to the existing system, he is by no means the only exper
imenter in the field who has achieved notable successes. In every civilized country able
electricians are working at the problems, and in several instances have accomplished marvels
hardly less important than those of Marconi himself.
•An illustration of what is being done in Germany in the way of wireless telegraphy was re
cently given by the Berlin, correspondent of the London Post. He describes a lectureahd experi
ments made by Professor Slaby before the Emperor, at which it was demonstrated that it is pos
sible to work several corresponding stations simultaneously by producing electric waves of vari
ous lengths and sending them through a transmitter invented by the professor.
In describing the invention the report says: "A receiving instrument adjusted to the size
of these waves will receive no other waves, all waves of a different size attracted to the receiving
wire being- 'filtered' through it to the ground. In order to prevent the weakening of emitted
waves by buildings, chimneys and other obstacles, Professor Slaby employs a multiplicatbr of his
own invention, which strengthens the tension of the waves in an extraordinary way. Professor
Slaby employed two receiving instruments, connected with the lightning conductor of the lecture
hall. Two stations, one four and the other fourteen kilometers distant, were then called, and in
a few seconds the lively telegraphic correspondence was. proceeding, the two instruments working
, It will be seen that the problems which perplex one inventor are being solved bv another, f
and the development of the new telegraphy is- progressing rapidly. It is almost time to begin
speaking of this as "the wireless century." .
NEW "WIRELESS" SUCCESS.
We have no statistics at hand to show what increase may be expected annually in the issue
of articles of incorporation and in the probating of estates. In each case it may be assumed that
the increase will run with the accretion of population. But already the attendance at the uni
versity bears a larger proportion to the population than in many Eastern States. Therefore it may
be expected that the percentage of increase in attendance will still keep ahead of the percentage of
increase in the population.
So the Legislature need have no fear of being overgenerous to the university. It will need
all legitimate addition to its income, and all that private* wealth may be.moveji to bestow.
The measures proposed by the Council of, Alumni are expected to yield an increase of
$100,000 per annum, and every dollar of it is immediately required. In view of the: constant and
rapid increase in the student enrollment, and therefore in the work required, this sum might be
made larger. As the increase in the past has overtaken and passed the possibilities of the revenue,
there is a certainty that the future enrollment will overtake this enhanced income.
Not only every graduate but every citizen should urge prompt legislative, action, to the end
that the State may escape the disgrace of an indigent university, pinched and starving like a poor
country schoolmaster. •
The enormous increase in attendance, reaching nearly 400 per cent in ten years, is evidence
of popular appreciation' of the university. Let the concurrent increase of only 70 per cent in its
income admonish the Legislature and the people that it is likely r,to die of popular appreciation un
less its strength be increased to an equality W-ith its burden. . /
The people are clear sighted to the relation between the university and their materialities.
Should its proper support fail, the State would be inestimably weakened, and every Californian
who goes beyond our borders would hang his head with a sense of inferiority.
We do not know of anything more injurious to the State than the crippling of the univer
sity. It would carrj'- our discredit far abroad and unfavorably affect every interest of our people.
In adding to its income the State will be putting more value into every acre of land and
more profit into every business operation in California.
The growth of the university has been so sudden, dating from the foundation of Stanford,
which acted as. a great impulse upon the older schools, that the people li^ye riot appreciated it: It
should be known that only by the most niggardly economy has the university, been kept open this
year, and next year a repetition of this economy will be quite impossible.
. — . _ ¦ .
IT IS hoped that the Legislature will promptly respond to the necessities of the university. The
enlargement of its revenues by the fees for issuing^articles of 'incorporation and an inheritance
tax is a plan that lias the advantage of beginning to yield revenue at once, while an ordinary
tax, made a part of the regular levy, will bring nothing in until taxes are paid, or, a year or more
from the date of the law. ; ' . £¦*
The people should know that unless something. is done to enlarge, significantly, the in
come of the institution, a large part of its work must cease, or depend upon private benefaction for
its continuance. , .
NEEDS OF THE UNIVERSITY.
A.MONG the Imminent musical possi
bilities the "touch-the-button" or
ganist Is perhaps most Interesting,
as he will be most far reaching In
effect. The application of the aeol
-" Ian principle to church organs, all
but completed now by a company of or
gan builders of Chicago, on the face of it
seems destined to revolutionize this Im
portant branch of the musical art.
According to account, a standard reper
tory of church music can be furnished in
aeollan rolls at the small expense of two
or three hundred dollars. A knowledge
of registration, the ability to change the
rolls and make requisite variations in
tempos will constitute all the musical cap
ital required by the future church organ
ist—or aeolianlst— as he shall be more
properly called. W. S. B. Matthews, in
the current number of Music, Indulges In
some amusing speculation concerning the
possibilities of the Invention. "Organ re
citals by the janitor." tne combination
minister-organist, with a button attach
ment in the pulpit, are counted In among
the possibilities. '
Mr. , Matthews In tho same article also
ventilates some distinctly disrespectful
views concerning the "king of Instru
ments," Incidental to a criticism of a re
cent Clarence Eddy recital. Mr. Mat
thews apparently has no love for the or
gan,' neither for the particular organist,
which latter expression of opinion to some
of us who had the audacity to crltlclz?
the muchly advertised musician's per
formance on the occasion of his last re
citals here Is no unwelcome hearing. As
to the organ. Its limitations, admittedly
extraordinary, and its capabilities, sub
mittedly also extraordinary, Mr. Mat
thews will find fewer people to agree with
him.
Only "less bad" than another Is any
organ recital, however good, according to
Mr. Matthews, and necessarily so on ac
count of the Incapabilities of the instru
ment. "Do people really like organ re
citals? If so. why?" he asks. Only as
an accompaniment to conversation of the
bridal apd funereal sort, he submits. Is
the instrument at all tolerable. Not even
Is the Bach music grateful to him. but
everything else Is completely outside the
pale of artistic consideration. Mr. Eddy's
programme contained but one Bach num
ber, the remainder of the programme con
sisting of trivial movements, "neither fit
ted to exhibit the Instrument to advan
tage nor to display any special art of
technique that might be possessed by the
player"— all of which hath a painful sound
as one remembers the Eddy programmes
In San Francisco.
• . • •
In defiance of Mr. Matthews' diatribe,
I must own to a liking for the organ re
cital, and also acknowledge a hearty re
gret at being so seldom afforded oppor
tunity to Indulge the liking in San Fran
cisco. With the exception of Dr. H. J.
Stewart, who has done yeoman service In
this direction with his weekly half-hour
recitals at Trinity Church, and an occa
sional recital by Wallace A. Sabin, F. C.
O., few or none of the organists are heard
In aught save the regular church pro
grammes. Across the bay some eminently
good work has been done by Miss Vlr
glnle de Fremery and William B. King,
but any approach to the recitals which
draw their weekly, sometimes daily,
crowds in Eastern cities, has yet to be
made. There are noon-hour recitals for
working folk. Sunday afternoon recitals,
free recitals, 10-cent recitals, popular and
classical recitals, all kinds of recitals, on
this Instrument which, after the violin,
seems to touch most closely the popular
heart. We have the organs here, though
the town Is sadly lacking ¦ in a concert
hall containing a good instrument, and we
have the orsranlsts. but of any further
than the before mentioned effort ! in the
direction of the recital I am so far un
aware. If any such exist, I shall be happy
to give space to the programmes In these
columns and to announce time and place
of recital.
• • •
A Russian name on a musical pro
gramme has; of late years, been almost a
synonymous term for something good, for
a composition of high worth and distinct
originality. The first hearing of the new
Afanasslefr string quartet, given by the
Minetti QtCartet on Friday evening last,
was a double disappointment therefore.
With the exception cf a mildly Interesting
slow movement, the composition is cheap,
commonplace; lacking In melody, a thing
of shreds and patches and meaningless,
forced effects. It, however, 1 acted as an
excellent foil for the beautiful Brahms
quintet, whose hearing was the event of
the evening. Eminently sane, dignified,
is this Brahms composition, full of noble
melody and" of rich harmonies.' It was
played with admirable spirit and enthu
siasm by the members of the quintet, but
the piano part dominated unpleasantly.
"With Mr. -Minettl. Otto Bendix. who was
the pianist of the evening, gave the C
minor Sonata of\ Beethoven, and here
again the piano was in unpleasant evi
dence. The part was overweighted, over
emphasized, overcolored. .There was no
balance between the parts, no sympathy
between the players; it was a piano solo,
with an unimportant obllgato . by the
violin. Mr. Bendix . showed much more
sympathy in the Brahms movement, but
he is, emphatically, a solol3t.
Another Russian quartet | is announced
for the next, concert on January 25, the
sixth and last, also a repetition (by re
quest) of the delightful "3ouvenir de
Florence" of Tschaikowsky. ''". T
• . • - •
Pleasant hearing is the news of Peter C.
Allen's return from Seattle to his former
work in San Francisco. It had been un
derstood, that Mr. Allen's exile to the
north was a permanent affair, and his
many friends will be glad to hear that the
young composer and" violinist has now
definitely decided to remain In San Fran
cisco. • . .
• • • •
The- interesting programme rendered by
the pupils of Dr. H. J. Stewart at Sher
man-Clay .Hall last evening was heard by
a large and enthusiastic crowd of friends
and admirers.
vocal- Interest considerably " out
weighed that of the planlstlc part of the
entertainment, such well-known names
as .Grace Davis, Alma Berglund. . Millie
Flynn,' Eva Tenney and Alice Zlska Jen
nffllngs appearing on the programme.
Among the piano numbers the Mozart-
Grieg sonata, played by, Miss Frances
Stewart, with a second ' piano part dona
by. Dr. Stewart, was most satisfactory in
rendering. Miss; Stewart "has a clean,
crisp- technlc. which qualities. Indeed,
characterize the work ' of all the students.
Her i work, has. further,, the color and In
terest' w^ilch one finds a little lacking
with ' the ' other pianists. . among whom
were Jessie R. Carr. Edith B. Mills. Wlnl ?
f red Jackson * Leary and ' Jessie B. Lyon.
Among i the new . voices' heard were : those
of Juliet Grelninger. Mae Rose, Florence
M. Smith "and , Mrs. Wallace Wheaton
Briggs, Which complete a -list" of pupils
of jWhose work Dr. Stewart has every rea-;
son to be proud. .
,The programme of .the evening included
songs by. Schumann. Donizetti, .Weber,
Llzst, \ Bizet.' De '; Koven. Dell ' Acqua,
Rossini,'- Gounod land.Henshaw and piano
movements , by "~ Schytte, Rachmaninoff,
Faderewskl and Mozart-Grieg.
T.'t, ''""' ¦¦:¦ ¦ '¦¦' I . ; « 'i* , •':""¦;•
Louis TV Gottschalk," a distinguished au
thority! on "i his'" subjects In '• a'' letter 1 to ' the
editor, appearing in the current number
of Music, makes the following pregnant
remarks, anent the familiar vocal vice,
the tremolo. He says:
"Tremolo of the voice Is a defect, and.
as such, has no excuse for its existence,
being the result of either one of the three
following causes: Diseased vocal organs,
old.asre or defective breathing. '
"If vocal studcnt3. and consequently
sirgers. would bear la mind the position
of the lungs In relation to the larynx,
they would possibly comprehend in a
quicker way that the glottis ia to be
hermetically sealed one instant before the
air furnished from the lungs (consequent
ly from below the larynx) strikes the vo
cal cords, which form the Inner edges o^
the glottis.
"I do not think it 13 an. exaggeration t3
say that two-thirds of the people suffer
ing from the tremolo bring it upon them
selves by the lack of firmness In attack
ing the note, thus allowing the air to fil
trate through the vocal cords before tha
glottis i3 hermetically closed.
"LOUIS F. GOTTSCIIALK.
• * •
Quite the latest echo of the recent
Grau season is the following, which, culled
from the New York Dramatic Mirror, also
charmingly proves that we have here no
"horrid monopoly" of the wild and woolly
rumor:
"A rumor— interesting if true— says that
the recent tour to California of Mr. Gra " 9
grand opera company was mad© under
the financial backing of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company. This is a new
form of railway enterprise, and lnasmucn
as the allied companies are not just at
present showing marked consideration in
the matter of liberal terms for transporta
tion to theatrical organizations, it 13
cheering to note this individual instance
of reciprocity."
Another interesting vocal cutting 13
from the pages of Harpers Bazar, where
in Marchesl describes the usual happen
ings of a first singing lesson according
to Marches!: "You are frishtened, my
dear young lady!" she says. "Don't brt '
alarmed; you will get on very well, biand
upon the platform, please, and settle firm
ly on both feet: do not hang your head,
but keep it up naturally. Hold up your
head. I say. You stoop too much; put
your arms behind your back, so that the
chest may be free. Now. take breath.
No, not so! That was but a half-breath.
You must take a deep breath, and not ex
pel tho breath too rapidly. No, that will
'¦ not do. I will count. While taking
breath I shall 'count ten; while holding
It. five; while slowly expelling it, ten.
Good, very good! Now open your mouth.
Why that grinning imile? That gives tho
voix Llanche— the white voice, the tone
striking the soft palate. Open your
mouth naturally; the lower Jaw must bo
depressed, as the upper jaw Is motionless.
Good. Now attack the tone by drawing
togethtr the vocal cords; take care that
when you attack it no air comes forth;
do not strike the tone so hard. That Is
an exaggerated coup de glotte, and sounds
harsh. Strike the tone once again. Thac
is right. Now let ua study the passage
from one register to another. Try to sins
the last tone of the chest-register as soft
ly as possible, so that the transition to
the middle register be imperceptible, and
do likewise in respect to the transition
from the middle to. the head reglsrer. It
is not to be expected in the beginning that
the registers be connected and made even,
but attention must be directed to that end.
which must eventually be attained
through practice. Sing for me first two,
then three, then four, then five tones.
Good! ThaX will suffice for to-day. Dur
ing the first month do not practice at
home, so that I may keep watch of your
breathing, your attack, and your passage
from, register to register; It Is Impossible
that. In a single lesson, you should com
prehend tho method, and through misdi
rected study you might undo all I have
taught you. Remain here, however, and
•follow the Instruction imparted to other
pupils; you will learn much thereby and
what is Ktrange to-day will become famil
iar, by listening, to-morrow. The first
hour's instruction is ended. You see, my
dear youns lady, It was not so very ter
rible. Now then, cheer up and do not
catch cold. Au revoir, until day after to
morrow!!" ,-¦!: <>-K>..% ¦->¦-¦.¦.¦..>-¦: J. »-- 1 .
[EnrT-iBl-PlNCHE PARTINGTON.
MUSIC ON TAP
¦ ¦ • •;;----.V
"Organ Recitals by the Janitor" May
Follow in the Wake of
/holian Rolls.
Homespun Drama on the Local Boards.
Renewed Hope for an Endowed
THEATRIC A LI A
By L-. DU PONT SYLE.
"Up went my head. 'Mr. Daly. I have
nothing to do with your private affairs.
Any business order ' "
Here the interview was interrupted by
the arrival of the Udv who came to de
mand the part, and Miss Morris fled whilo
the storm raged.
• • •
If Mr. Daly's friends ceny the truth of
this story, they must shoulder the heavy
burden of attempting to prove universal
negative; if the story is true, what a hum
bug was the Greatest American Manager
—yet what a pity Miss Morris felt com
pelled to Fhnw him ud after instf-ad of be
fore his death. It would have been most
interesting to hear Mr. Daly's reply.
"He struck his hand angrily on the desk
before him. 'Miss Morris, when I give
an order '
• * • " 'Mr. Daly.' I said, 'won't you
please trust to my discretion? I don't
like lying even for my daily bread; but If
silence is golden, a discreet silence Is
away above rubies.'
" 'One woman to whom it belongs re
fuses the part," he said. "Another woman,
who can't play It. demands It from me
and I want to stop her mouth by making
her believe the part was given to you be
fore I knew her desire for it. Do you
see?'
Yet this very proper feeling may, as
De Qulncey has pointed out, be carried
too far: tenderness to the dead Is some
times cruel injustice to the living, who
surely have an equal claim to justice
with the dead. It must have been som<»
such counter-feeling as this which has
caused Miss Clara Morris, in the January
McClure's. to accuse the late Augusfn
Daly not only of being a liar himself but
—to put it plainly— of trying to bully her
into being a liar also. Her story runs
that at the first rehearsal of "Man and
Wife" she received the part of Blanche,
but before the second rehearsal received
from Mr. Daly tho more important part
of Anne. My Daly said:
" 'You will tell the people you were to
play Anne in the first place.*
" "But, Mr. Daly,' 1 cried, 'the whol*
company saw me receive the part of
Blanche.'
"He gnawed at the end of his mustache
in frowning thought.
"Concerning the dead, let us say noth
ing but what is good," :s a maxim found
ed on the desire that every honorable
combatant has to give his antagonist a
fair chance; not to speak evil of Chose
who are not present to defend themselves,
and least of all to speak evil of those
whose absence must be eternal.
Mr. Gosse's article was written before
the production of Mr. Phillips' last play.
"Herod," at Her Majesty's Theater. In
the following lines the critic foreshadows
the exact fate that fell upon that un
lucky piece: "Our poor actors seem to
Imagine that the finest verse is that which
it Is most difficult to distinguish from
prcse. In Paris it is understood that the
proper cadence of a line Is as Important
as a gesture or an attitude. Until that
can be perceived and taught In London
It seems almost vain for poets like Mr.
Phillips, who is a learned and accom
plished metricist. If he is anything, to give
our 'brave plush and velvet men' his
delicate verses to mangle."
After leaving Mr. Benson's company in
1S92 Mr. Phillips devoted himself to severe
study of poetical forms— a study that
bore fruit in the beautiful fragment of
a Christlad published in 1S96. entitled
"Christ in Hades." This established hia
reputation, which was enhanced by "Mar
pessa and Other Poems" (1S9T) and by the
exquisite version of the "Paolo and Fran
cesca" story, published in 1S39.
distinguished as an actor, "there was one
part in which he really excelled, and odd
ly enough, it is one which. Shakespeare Is
known to have played, and -which .was
said to be 'the top of his performance'
This was the ghost in Hamlet, which Mr.
Phillips acted "with a dignity so awful
that he was positively called before the
curtain— a distinction believed to be In
this role unparalleled."
THIS has been a week of what you
might call homespun drama and
fair drama at that. Of the two that
I have pe*n— "Jed Prouty" and "Hu
man Hearts"— the former is the bet
ter as a character study, tho latter as a
dramatically told story- Mr. Golden has
certainly hit off the^Ncw England village
potentate to the life*, as any one who has
lived in a commonwealth established of
the Pilgrims may recognise. He Is more
over an excellent actor, making his points
with that apparent unconsciousness that
is the essence of comedy-effect. "Jed
Prouty" is as good a play as the "OM
Homestead" and Mr. Golden is as good an
actor as Denman Thompson. . If only he
would put his play on in better shape
there Is no reason why ho should not be
come as rich and as easy working as that
favorite of fortune. If it be any comfort
to him. one may offer him this consola
tion, couched In Addisonian phraseology:
"Tit not In mortals to command success,
Eut you've dene more, my Golden, you've
deserved it.
• • •
The New York Life is one of the very
few Journals in the metropolis that speaks
Us mind plainly — or. Indeed, has a mind tc
ppeak — on theatrical topics. Depending
little on its advertising and much on the
cleverness and independence of its writ
ers, it shows fear never and favor on.v
whrre favor is Cue. In a recent issue its
dramatic critic, after paying his respects
to what he calls "the degrading Influence
of the syndicate," adds these words of
truth and of hope:
"The end of the century finds Americans
the greatest theater-going people in the
¦world. That doesn't mean, though, that
Americans are, by. all means, the most
discerning patrons of the art dramatic.
Of all the millions lavished on the stagj
every year by our public the great mass is
expended on entertainments in which art
is a very minor consideration. In th!*
country by far the most Important—prac
tically the sole— function of the theater
is to amuse. The educational value of the
ftage is entirely neglected. What the
church is supposed to do for morals the
Ftage might very easily be made to do for
manners, were there some motive higher
than mere money making at the back of
the theatrical business. But when thj
question of the value of an actor rests
more on his salary than on his ability, wo
may not expect much in the way of artis •
tic demonstrations of the niceties of life.
"The new century is bound to bring us
a National Theater. The country is rich
enough ar.d the time is ripe. The Theatri
cal Syndicate has been of that much ser
vice to the art— it has shown us that It
is not safe to trust fo great an educational
Influence to a purely mercenary interest.
There are enough sincere lovers of the
drama in America to make it sure that be
fore long we shall have a theater where
money making is not the supreme object.
6uch an enterprise is now under serious
consideration, and America may yet show
the Old World that the development of the
new hemisphere Is not entirely a material
one — that the art of money getting Is no'.
the only one encouraged here."
That Is indeed good news— not too good,
let us hope, to be true. New York needs
an endowed theater as badly as does San
Francisco and that is very badly indeed.
In the January Century Edmund
Gosse has a little biography of Stephen
Phillips, the young poet, whose tragedies,
"Paolo and Francesco," and "Herod,"
Eive- promise of raising him to a level
higher than that occupied by any other
living English poet.
Mr. Phillips was born in 1S6S and is con
nected, on his mother's Bide, with the
poet Wordsworth. He cared nothing for
poetry until he was 15; at that age his
mother happened to read "Chrlstabel" to
him and this determined his vocation, as
he thought. In 1886 he entered the Uni
versity of Cambridge, but he had been
there but a few months when Mr. Ben
son's troupe came a-Shakespearing
through the eastern counties and Mr.
Phillips must go with them. He stayed
with Mr. Benson six years. Though not
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. S. Stone, a cattle raiser of Modesto.
Is at the Rum.
Captain G. E. Ide of the United States
xisvy Is at the Grand.
Professor \V. P. Jenney and wife of
Washington are at the Palace.
W. A. Beard, an Oroville newspaper
man. is registered at the Grand.
t-'nited States Circuit Judge W. B. Gil
bert of Portland is at the Occidental. . :
6. A. Russell, owner of a large sugar
plantation at; Honolulu. Is registered at
the Ruse.
Senator "W. F. Prisk and wife of Grass
Valley are stopping at the Occidental for
a few days.
D. P. Thompson, a Portland banker, is
at the Occidental. He has Just- returned
from a trip to Honolulu. .
C L. Canfleld. general agent of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul lines in this
city, started for Chicago last evening, ac
companied by his wife. They will be gone
two or three weeks.
A. G. Wells, geperal superintendent of
the Santa Fe lines west of Albuquerque,
arrived in the city last evening on a tour
of inspection. He is stopping at the Pal
ece, as are also Edward Chambers, gen
eral freight agpnt, and John J. Byrne,
general passenger agent of the same road
UX Los Angeles.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— From San Fran
cisco — C. C. Bruce Is at the Holland; H. L.
Dewey Is at the Navarre; P. Hartson is at
the Vendome; V. G. Hush is at the Murray
Hill; C. A. Hitchcock Is at the Cosmopoli
tan; Rev. 11. I>. O'Hourko is at the Hol
land: R. M. O'Shaughnessy la at the Na
varre; W. L. Stevenson is at the Grand;
H. Acb is at the Hoffman; F. O'Farrell is
at the Imperial; H. Jacobs is at the Hott
man; L. L." Harris la at the Broadway
Central.
From Los Angeles— IL M. Snodgrass Is
the Bartholdi.
at the St. Denis; H. Gelder Is at the TCor
xnandie; Miss L. Miller Is at the Imperial;
W. C. Heffleflnger is at the Normandle. I
From San Diego— C. Thompson Is at the
Et- Denis.
From Stockton— H. V. J. Swains Is at
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13) 1901.
Alcazar— "Nell Gwynne." . IT
Columbia— "Way Down East." '
Tlvoll— "Cinderella."
Central Theater— "Woman and Wine."
California— "A Breezy Time."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "A Virginia Courtship."
Alhambra— "A Stranger In a Strange Land."
Olympla, corner Mason and Ediy streets—
Fpeclaltiei".
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville,
Metropolitan Temple— Benefit performance for
families of Glass Worka accident. . Thursday,
January 17.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture by ; Rev. Peter
C Yorke. Thursday evenlnr. February 7.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races to
morrow.
Union Coursing Park-^Coursln* to-day.
CAI^FOBNTAITS IN WASHINGTON
18
SUNDAY ....................................;.........;......,. ....;..;.;..........;............ JANUARY u, iqoi
1 ;_ _ _ - ' 4 QHN P-SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager. / "s
r — ~~ L — ,_ — . ....; _ ._ —^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ; ..;...;............ ........ ..Market and Third; San Francisco
AMUSEMENTS.
I B, KATSCBINSKI, j
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. i
M 10 Third St., San Francisco. H
I PRICES GUT TO PIECES! S
gl We are thoroughly In earnest and la- |
Sy tend to dispose of all our. broken lines H
n before stock taking. This week Ladles', ij
II Ulsses' and Children's SPRING-HEEL F
j KUTTON' SHOES, cloth, kid and vest- |
j Ins tops, square and coin toes and tlpa, H
j vici kid and patent leather, will be IJ
II cold cheaper than old ones could be re- |
H paired. rl
Ij Child's sizes. 8 to II .....<K»c Ll
tl Misses' sizes. 11^ to 2 75c {I
O Ladles' sizes. 2' 5 to 6 85c N
fcl "Widths C to EE. We have every size H
3 In some style, but not all sizes In. every |
B INFANTS' and CHIL- *mf2*tv**m ft
H PREN'S VICI KID S?^S#i>f |J
a BUTTON' SIIOES.with l/>/?v£si £.1
U cloth tops, turnert »oles £>>i"2r*«r*l J j
|j and square toes and /^»jSJ*«$K\ SB
j| Infant's sizes. IV, Jf&*S$ I!
M heels, widths B to EK ....COc 8
H YOUTHS' and . BOYS' CALFSKIX ||
1 LACE SHOES, broken lots, reduced to ••
I 7Cc; sizes 11 to 13 and S and 5H- fc|
H The sale of broken lines of LADIES' H
1 SHOES at *l."."» still continues. For- I
j merly sold from P to p. fj
g| . We do not guarantee to fill country ~ j
j orders." - • - . - ¦ -• Jj
y Non» of these bargains will be sold E
3 retail shoe dealers. C|
<3 NOTICE— This store closes at « p.' m. Ij
I week days and 11 p. m. Saturday and I
I will continue to close at those ° hours, k
If -PROVIDED ALL OTHER SHOE H
M STORES WILL." DO THE - SAME. U
IPHIUDELPHiFSHOE GO. I
10 THtBD ST. Saa Francisco. 1Bepairs for the Omaha.
VALLHJO, Jan. 12.— The accidental tear
ing of the old wan-hip Omaha from her
moorings at San Quentin by the recent
nurricans may result in the repairing of
the vessel. Her frame and timbers are
Lf good as new, and an order has been
issued to place the Omaha in dock for a
thorough inspection of her hull. If the
Omaha is as good as reported she'.prob
ably will be repaired here and replaced
in tb» navy.
PcEtoffict Appointments and Pensions
Issued.
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 12.— Poctofflce es
tablished — California. — Loara, Orange
County; John W. Duckworth, Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned— California-
Jay E. Mitcheli, Dunlap. Oregon — Dow.
V. Keaeey. Veronica. Waehingrton—Sar
ah A. Hobbs. Cowiche.
Pensions— California (original)— Eugene
D. Burn. San Diego. $6. Renewal— Albert
E- Walling. Scotia. $6.
Washington (original)— A. Barrett, Puy
allup, J".
Nothir.gr has developed in the Walden '
mystery. The absent accountant has left I
no clew and has sciit no word of his
whereabout?. The experts who ar© la
boring over his books iiave found no dis
crepancies In his accounts.
IUTZHESTS THE COAST.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 12.-The Board of
Eta'.e Prison Directors met to-day at San
Quer.tin in executive session. Only a lit
tle routine business was transacted. War
den Apuirre is confined to his bed and It
is said that some tims will elapse before
he will be abie to leave it. A heavy at
tack of the grip threatens h!m with pneu
monia.
Accounts Correct.
Hissing- San Quentin Bookkeeper's
NO NEWS OF WALDEN.
Squatters "WTio Have Taken TJp Claims I
in Olaa Must Now Surren- \
der Them. |
BOXOVCIXJ. Jan. 5.— The Advertiser j
says: President McKInley has upheld
Governer Dole in the public land sales
rr.ade by the Hawaiian Government be
tween July 7. 1S3S, and September 30. 1900.
Governor Dole has received complete ad
vices to that effect from the Secretary of
the Interior, together with copies of all
sales made during that period, which bear j
the Fitrnature of President McKinley, ap- |
proving the transfers. '
Thin would mean that the Olaa squat- |
ters must be turned off the land they have
taken cp and that the action of the Ha
waiian Government in disposing' of the
land has been sustained, instead of having
been ordered attacked by the United
States Attorney here, as previously j
stated. It is claimed, however, that the
•attack Is to come and that those who j
have been attacking the action of the
Government in disposing: of the land con
tirue to insist that the President has not
given his approval and cannot do so. The
controversy arouses much Interest in
Hawaii, where some large Interests are
involved in the Question of whether the
National Government approves certain
land transactions of the Hawaiian Gov
ern cr not.
EIcKIU"LEY APPSOVES OF
HAWAIIAN LAND SALES
ands, the Livery Stable Com
bine, Is Finally Dis
solved.
HONOLULU, Jnn. €.— A proposal to in
corporate a city nf Honolulu which shall
include the entire island of Oahu has been
made In a majority report of a sub-com
mittee to the Republican committee on
charter. The proposed city would be
larger Than London or any other city In !
the world. It would have an area of 2S4,- j
000 acres and would include several im- j
mense su?ar plantations, one of them, the I
Ewa plantation, being the most produc- J
tive in the territory. The population of ]
the city would be about €0,000. i
A city iLnii county government for the j
islard ie proposed, and those who advo- J
cate this j)!an of making a municipality I
of Honolulu think that taxes would be i
eaved and a better government would be !
provided if all the outside districts were i
included in Honolulu. The report in favor |
of this plar. was presented by J. B. Pratt, j
A. V. Gear and T. McCants Stewart, a !
majority of the committee. The peneral I
coa?.n:ittee is to discuss the subject at a i
future meeting and decide upon a charter j i
!f possible. In the meantime the Inde- ; !
pendents are working upon a charter and j j
Vtill probably put most of the provisions |
through the Legislature. They have not i j
yet decided upon the boundaries of the j >
city. l •
President George Q. Car.non of the Mor- , ¦
men church, in an interview published ! !
here, calls attention to the decrease of ;
the Hawaiian population, and expresses
profound reeret at what he terms the j
••pas-sinpr away" of the kanaka rat*. Can- i
run was here ril'ty years agn, when he ' !
started the Mermen church here, and he !
fays that in making inquiries about the !
notable o!d families he round that many j
of Them had died out. He thinks the na- .
tives should be separated from the out- j
iiJde world. i
"I would favor the natives being gath- ,
ered tofceth<=r and separated from the evil !
influences ni the outside world." save the i
head of the Mormon church: "they coulJ
be taupht a higher and better life."
President Cannon intimates that immor
ality is kliiing off the Hawaiian race, and
thai the mingling with the whites is re
sponsible for such conditions.
Mortuary statistics of the islands show
that .-» large infant death rate, rather than
ii err.a!l birth rate, is responsible for the
decreasing population of the Hawaiian
Islands. The proportion of deaths of
thepe und^r nve years of age to the whole
number of deaths in recent months has
l>e*n very great, beinp: SS out of 340 in five
months. It is claimed that the Hawaiian j
children are net properly cared for by
their parents. ]
The last of the many small trusts or
combirations that controlled business In
Honclura in many lines has surrendered
to the demands of United. States District
Attorney Baird. who threatened criminal j
prosecution of all members of puch com- !
binatlons unless the agreements were dis
golvt-d. It was a combine of livery stable
rncn. who at first declared they would
ligrht the laws under which the attorney
•was to proceed against them. The mem
bers of the combination-, which included
all the firm? in the business here, have
thrown aside their agreement, and the
business is now open to free competition.
Charter Committee Suggests
It Include Entire Island
of Oahu.
— >
Last of the Small Trusts in the Isl-
PLAN TO EXTEND
CITY OF HONOLULU
KINGSTON, Jamaica,' Jan. 12.— The mail
from i Demarara; brings a . report of large
finds of diamonds in the interior of British
Guiana.< .A company, has been formed in
England to, work the claims.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 12^-Cora L. Wick
ersham, as executrix [of -^ the,- will of the
late . Frank ¦ P. /YVlckersham, her husband'
to-day entered a demurrer to the amended
cross-complaint » inTthej case : of j Frank ¦ P.'
Wlckersham" against Fred 'A? Wlckersham
et :-al.,"on'- the ground that the -amended
cross-complaint did not- state facts suf
ficient to constitute a cause of action.
Enters a Demurrer.
ALBANY. Ny-T. ; ; Jan. 12.— Louis Currier,
aged 40 years, at an early hour this morn
ing cut his \ wife's^ throat, 7 broke his son
Archie's head with a baseball bat, took a
dosV.ofi parts green" and .then, cut his
throat from ear to ear with a razor.' All
three are dead.i#a*BBKflPwBMSSg»iNSIWd^?j*»:
* Currier, left a letter addressed to the po
lice "which > shows . that f the . murder .' .was
oremedltated. In.'it "he claims his vwlfe
bought- paris preen- with t which > to poison
him. •.»It.:is>believed ! . that his frenzy, after,
killing 1 hlsiwife . led > to : the killing 1 : of? his
son, who was 12 years old. > Currier was a
painter. 1 ?- His wife, whom he married thir
teen years i ago,- was then employed \ in a
woolen mill i at ( North t Adams,? Mass. • ."A
sister; of ; Currier,^exonerated u. the •'. dead
woman. 1 and states that her brother made
life : most ¦ wretched ' for his ; wife, ' drinking
to excess and ; abusing' her. ¦
Brutal Deed of a New York Fainter,
Who Was Evidently! Partially
Crazed From Drink.
KILLS WIFE AND SON
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
It is the belief of well-informed officials
and diplomats here that Great Britain
will accept the amendments.
Mr. Choate's dispatch to the State De
partment gives no intimation as to , the
time when the British reply will be made
or,; as i to « its character.'' The authorities
are hopeful, however, that the answer
will be made soon: : "*&&&£&}?*? v
CALL. BUREAU,' 140« G' STREET, N.
W. , WASHINGTON, Jan. . 12.— Formal no
tice has been given to Embassador Choate
by the British j Foreign Office that Lord
Lansdowne has taken the amendments
made • by the Senate to the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty under very active considera
tion. ''WSmSKISSctSDSSBBffSSOB£'
Special Dispatch to The Call
Lord Lansdowne Is Seri
ously Considering the
Amendments.
ENGLAND MAY
ACCEPT TREATY
•As ; Nelson called; -up- the resolution
Mrs, 1 Davis, \ accompanied i by friends,' en-
'.-, The', long and . distinguished . services of
th« I Minnesota "; Senator and the - intimate
relations he sustained with his colleagues
in the Senate had 'endeared him' to all,
and when his demise came every member
of - the i body \ felt : ; that- he s had suffered ¦, a
personal ,- loss."*-'. V." ¦ ' , ¦ ;
For;- many, years Mr. ' Davis . served as
chairman .of -the Committee on Foreign
Relations,' and , in that • capacity ; and as : a
member = of-' the -Paris': Peace , Commission
he was Intimately identitied >. with the for
eign affairs of the Government. ;= ,;: -., :. .=
« Immediately;... upon > the ? : conclusion ¦ of
the ;- routine morning! business Nelson r of
Minnesota , called >up « his resolution '. ex
pressing the regret i of ; the '• Senate* at ¦ the
death of - Senator Davis: *4c8^*0Slfe^U»SK
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— No legislative
business of importance ,was transacted . by
the Senate ; to-day. "The Senate was. de
voted ; to ] services I held j in ; memory, of : the
late- Senator Cushmah: K: Davis of Min
nesota. -•' - ' - •¦ ¦¦ » ..'¦/; • •,.":.-.•";•'
Senate Suspends Business
to Hold a Memorial
Service.
EULOGIZE LATE
SEMATOR DAVIS
MANILA, Jan. 12.— The first public dis
cussion of the bill to establish a depart
ment of public ; instruction developed a
contest on the question of religion in pub
lic schools. Interest centers in the section
permitting priests and ministers to teach
religion for a half-hour three times week
ly outside of school hours, provided the
parents espres3 a written desire for such
instruction, and prohibiting teachers from
conducting religious exercises or teaching
religion. The direptors otr, the Federal
party were represented by i a -, committee,
who, although Catholics, argued strongly
in-favor of the elimination of the section.
Thoy ¦ declared that the use- of school
houpes for religious purposes • is contrary
to the United States constitution, and also
to the platforms of the American partjes
and the Philippine Federal party, -and is
certain to cause discord:.
Judge Taft said the- attitude of the
United States Philippine Commission as a
legislative power was one of absolute'in
difference between Catholic. Protestant or,
Mohammedan religions. ¦< The Commiwion-
Question of Religious In?
• struction Arouses
-Discussion.
PLANS FOR MANlLA
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Commissioner Henry C. Ide asked which
course would satisfy the greater number
of people. •
Dr." Burgos in reply quoted the declara
tions of the Malolos, or Federal party, in
favor of the separation; of church ranu
state. ¦¦' ..: ¦ ¦.-•¦• '-. - : ¦ .-.•¦-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'.•', '¦¦'¦'- ¦.¦:¦
judge Taft contended that it was impos
sible to Judge the/ new. system at hap
hazard or by the results of another sys
tem. He believed things would be accom
plished under the present laws . which
were impossible under the former regime:
He asked whether it was not impolitic to
take action which would unnecessarily
shock the feelings of the Catholic people.
The doctor replied that it was better to
eliminate now a section which was bad
and certain to create difficulties.
ers, he added, endeavored to ' frame the
act eo that the people's prejudices would
assist Instead of retard its success. V 1
The arguments on the sections of the
school bill allowing' religious teachings in
schools were continued to-day. Dr. Burgos
urged the commission to consider the ad
vantages it would give Catholicism on ac
count of the church's overwhelming pre
ponderance.
Judge Taft explained that this legisla
tion was experimental. If it became the
instrument of ecclesiastical opposition it
would be repealed.
Dr. Burgos replied that it ought to be
repealed now. The Filipinos, he said, had
had enough of the results of religious in
struction in the schools.
tered the executive gallery of, the Senate;
.In addition several other friends of the
late Senator occupied seats in the gaJlery
during the deMvery of the memorial ora
tion. ¦•-¦ ¦ , . - .. . -
"The speakers of the occasion- included
Senators Morgran of Alabama, Clark of
Wyoming, Lodge of Massachusetts and
Daniel of Virginia, all of whom were as
sociated with Davis as members of the
Foreign Relations Committee. - Others
who. pronounced eulogies upon the late
Senator were his -colleague, .Senator Nel
son'of Minnesota, and his successor. Sen
ator. Towne; .also Senators Hoar of Mas
sachusetts, Spooner . " of Wisconsin. Me-
Cumber ofiNorth Dakota and Foster of
Washington, r
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
.x
.«
19
; - . 9 ' T !~7 ~. — . — ; : ; — ; ; — ¦ . ,. : — ; ; : — : ~~ — : — , ... . .. — : —, — : ~ — : — ~ ~"^ — T^ — : ! .......¦-..-.. . '. - "" ~
THE EMPORIUM..^ I THE EMPOBrTJM: | THE EMPOSIUM. | v THE EMPOBrrJM. : | THE E2IP0BIUM. | THE EMPOBITTM. ¦
L^dJ^^^'^^Sc?^ •; ' V 1 0.1/ These are all seasonable first-qusUty |
W0^iWlMM % and first showing of early arrivals of Sprin? -Silks- t X^T' walst> ' $
M^^^l^M^M Dress Goods, and the beautiful 1901 Wash Fabrics. %
stir Tt 7i£ o oi^rii i'st -SO. Clearing Sale deductions of the most convincing character en this season's Dress Materials— Silks, Suits, ..'.... 5p x
*'*'» 'OCf 9' anCJ^I-UU« k o , .' £-.!¦ r ' .... _, r~ L '¦ • - --vy aa- t?! I ?- f*~*^4 ioc hiavy woven cokred Tennw Flannels— bet %
auo I5 o Mu^hn cwtsit* Ends— Cloaks, Muslinwear, Clothing tor Men, Shoe<^ for Women and Children, Curtains, B?ddmg, hlannels, etc. Urea! gTade y Te2X -ei^ns, etc.— "dexi- _ -X
Special Offerings of new-style Ribbons, fine Toilet Soaps and House Furnishings. A week of pleasant surprises « P "f« >r^-- { r- A :. 7 *? J
during week woie quantity uus, o " in store for even those patrons who are most familiar with The Emporium's liberality in price-cutting when occasion I
• ~h <£qc demands. :.' - ; yari :v: tic %
<tW CSn fi»*< W/f»O^C? ff9#» ' * ' '" ' ' ' "' ¦•¦¦¦¦ ¦ • - ¦ ! — _: : — ice Piinud Wrjppcr Fannels— a large asjert- X
&B.OQJJ&rw JBO****S* s^U .AUer-S ock-Takine Site 'Ater-Stock-TskingSiU Aftet-StQck-Takwg Sile Important Spzciil Sale of rn«,t of patt^s and cdor effecti- _ g
To-mcrrow ani du-ing week while quantity *T— -«-^.-.-» m- * - — . .._ *' ~ **. »- * *»•*-«. a jo "c ein-u_> pr.ee, per y»ri # 3V V
'ssts we F ut en sale th: balance cf the Jap- r ratnSlS PiGtUPBSm PietU9*& FrSSB^QSj Mefl \* S SUStS QUO 25 C RlhlSGSIS S&Cm I S c he ivy whtt Shaker Kanne!, extra wide }t
anrse Art Books thit attracted so much at- Beginning Mon 'ay and dur'ng the entire week £, a A'f W/o/o fram«— In oval, circular and tn*r****>J***Z3*Ct Direct from France, a arge innportation of ex- and full ralus, at regular price— g
ttrti^n «hen wc &n ?*. th-m en f a> la t the Picture and Fame Department (second | g^ caS and Paris panel eizes, an a-- UVSi*COBtSm Fancy Ribfconj entrel /;. w weav . > ; n "clean-op prxe, per jard I UG •
NovrmSer. One bock coa-on of revsnteen floor) wi 1 offer hundrc't of prettv pictuns, sortment of des-gns with pn ttystirim j silver <&&*rXf* » % ***** ~ " :h colorings, tht advanced Spring i'jles. «
piteicf Jipaaese CvilCostiimM, begnning frame Hn every popuar ttyle. In the collec- orrament, as-, genuine go'd I«f Fl.rrntne W^cA^S^m-^^^ 3 to 3 >^ inches wide, worth from zoc to Af er-Stock-Takittr SlU >
at the Eg'-th Ccnturj-. Tae otter book. ton there ae pan »*d colcrei Wit photo- Frames/in card, dbinet and P^ris pa-icl szes, %? \^5M\S^f?W\Vi! • -5<= a yard— Monday and curing # _ O*..-^*— —^ 0%~~J^* "5
consitof Japanese Mi ittry Conuma cf the gra F h s patinct pts, .arbor.s, water coo:s, a n ! cc as« rtment fe t over from the ho i av Wifi} TTI^^ST? ilf* week if quantity lasti. ., WC ShBBtS Bttti GQSQS* *
period bemeenLhe Tent wnd Smeenthcen- engraving', etchings, aurctj^es, etc.; choice nlc/cn special sale Monday ani dm ing the I h% TV^-^=5^t=^ ¦=" " A weF-nade line cf B'eached Sheetj and Pillow «
turn Pubfflhed^ to rell at $i. S o each— until c'.csing time next Saturday night at we . k ac . " m^PlV^' *Att>r-StCCk-Taking Sale Cajes; Sheeting of a well^nowu standard J»
ggfflj^r^ o<y "«*»«> one-third QW. Vi\/-lPP(% 9^50 Comforters . C05t ° f *" |
- . - ¦ L , C / / Ml v* 3 a0* 54x93 inch Shtcts, each 38s S
f^J/%B?&%S\ 'bL'S • / LL-***^v Several dozen of these good Cemforren to be 63x93 inch Sheets, each. . ,42/z O ¦•
/i?^i /^* fl ~ %S fC* 2^.!^^^ I I \M I nC-T-rTJ up" price. They ar.- fi:ll sizf, covered with 81190 inch Shrrts, eich 5tO '\'
#i!<8fwl§£«^ O &i%\$ ?JUSfcf* / \\ 1 \h Tq m rar , 9-90 inch sh r , « e h. . . seo %
sft -^fri Y^j^ftf "B^yfl • fl S ° llf«^ 1 \\ *>s T ¦ fi^ e^ Wltn Z c0^ whits cotton; .--^.^ <jr* 45x36 inch Pillow Cues, each /3O \5
I M^p^i^w^ W h i a b Biery 2^^d JIU4 \ ¦ r ° r gf «yg 5°^6 hch 1^ c^, CJ /g ;; c |
MXIJjin_W<8£k,r i ' T' Joo many>, 5 j tAfter-Stock-Taking "Clean-Up" Sple \
mMw ,|i \\ r^t^B^' An Skirr ST'ethisvvppk Kersc y anl Covcrt | J iLZ&6£8&$ SxieGB€W r ©€&B* 23s BUSmBIb vj
if lil «J i/ t\\\ CtUU llIvJl Id 1 vJrwll L O.l.C 1 1 1 lb WCCl\. Overcoat?, b:nce bW^lf S
&^Mfa& I 'A ~^ J ~J /^ > . 1 r r> 1 i • this rrice- IVli 1 It A hrge assortment of odds and ends r«uk- jfx "t
/Z'lifsfiiSSi '/ \ 1 liir ctA/"l/ at fino Hrocc cuMrtc fr\r\ ¦ ' v ' i'J Hi •- > l- > ir -rvilivS •%
f'&v$*v& 1 UUI iLULK Ul lliiC LllCiso otS.ll lb IL/U cuttngtoco<e out UPjjj Mj; mg from a big season s selling — some . 'toV^\Y\ C^^* JC
tyffi&WgM l . . , « , the surplus s'ocks. JM< \3; s'iphtlv soiled Tahoti Serfs Neck *P\v^uC\ 12% 'fc*^ «
MWA i I large, so prices have been cut nearly in : U Z « : S il$-£na£tJr c?L S *
$lM$$W?& * I h^If All nf niir DrPQQ Skirts nrP Of thp the wit or«hch Ban i Bows — Monday and during week, fe^5^V^ S^^S - 1 *
? 4 /V J AH Ul UUI UlCbb JMUb dlC Ul IIIC gcods of like quality «n be sold for, and from while quantity lasts, half regular \tf <
JffiM$@&$i 'A'-/jr b^st and newest materials, and &SJ tihss the *7^ ?, 4^r or moeto esecta p r j ceSm &ML *& -^3L : 2
7 season's make and styles, and all wool. t^'iJSw? N ve^ a ; ffg
W^0^0S^&M iffiC|i|ilP^^^S§^^ i^P^^il !^:^i^lM5?:ss I
iOf/-New Rainy-Diy ana drca length all-wool S'c.rtt, all this «a- £f>^ 4 As:^ d of - p; an(J Twi] , ed RWette Miuna Oxfords and Cambridge Mixture $3.50 Neckwear 5#,75 l «Sft^^vs^. *
ion's, black ani colors, nearly $5.00, aft:r stock-taking prxe Wrappers, 'bet making an! trimnrng, linrd wahts, M __ »"* $5.00 Neckwear S2.5O I
ftp Q=J -»r»## a2C» nrgu'arly $ 2 . 50, after rtock-uking price &Sm**& Monday and a 1 the w,c«c, speoal prce. jio.oo Neckwear &5.OO 'x
............ *&?*:& 9 *!*** .? i . u *»' 5-A'6or:ed lot cf fine "Near Silk" Und.rsklr 6, d;ep plaited : > $10.75 I , ,WS ,
Lat2-A assortment of Ramy-Day Skut S with yok«, paid ruffle finbbed d b a] , thc sha^ an<J blacfc a^ d J Man's OvorCOafS OtTO-Quar- . :i
and plan backs, and a so many ttyles of D. ers Skirts, plain and regu - ar : y - $2 . as <a . eo and | 2 . 75> a ft :r itDck-taking ' ten Oil- Your unreserved choice of any _^S?***^ Oil SteCMl Sale TklS Week— S
tninmed .new flarmg s r>l« have been $6.50, $7-5°. <*S* OR frfce.. &$»<&& Kersry or Covert Overcoat incur Clothing De- S^S^^^^^^\ Mm~*Jm.<*L^** Dm.m.~h**cZ* 3
_ Mdf9. 5 o. after rock-taking pnee &**.&& £ o f g_ Assorted lot of the finest "Near S ; lk,'V Sateei and Si'k Fartment at on --quarter eff regular prices- f^^^^^^^W MUnenSe rUrGUBSe g
£OI 3-Bk lei^of a^rted Sk ; m, fin«t "Rainy-Day wit.hbu:kln M creen Undenkirt., most leautifiiUv made gooes, bhek and all fins hue, b a :k or brown all-woo'. Kenij^, all WZ^f^B^,^ M 'F*%mJ**4 $?#**»*? 5
and telts, and Dr«s S^i.-ts, braid trlmxei and plain, nne bnings and cokr reguJarlr 00> J + . 5oan 'd J 5 .oo, after -» _ _ s a es of Covert Cloth, sjrr.e are silk lined /^'l.^.n^..^55l^^= J^^'^ B (IMmBG£8 T&ZJc&gJm '»
fine stylet, m'l colcri and black, have been $i°.c*>, «_ -,„ stock-faking prce &&m&5 throughout, they were all made by the test fs^C!$SiSSSM% An unusual bujing opportunity has placed m in pesscssion of jj
I11.50 and S, 5 .oo, aftrr stock-taking price O * ***O n-*~—..~Um nMBZt^ manufacturing tailors in America. W~~^2-k tc ' ween JCO ° 3«» bow iTths genuine If/rfr'S JUUOf>- S
! Tailor Dresses and! Jackets Reduced* unnermusnn Bargains* — : — — \§ Q soars »» but ««> more than half its real vaiu*. it » the j
£O# /— Atsortel lot of this and last mason's Tailor Dresses, "rainy- Great values in Bridal Sets of fine garmerts, matched pieces of Draw- Aftpr Slack l~n J "~(r greatat toip buy «he big store has .ever made. They &% gZ 4/^ £
iv cay" and the rrpilar dress stjle, a splendid !ot cf a U-wooWns es and ers, Skiits, Gow-ns and Ch«m:s;, large assortment in addition to these <nj ia -JiULti- iu.ti.ig oaic are the /ar^;/ 5-{* cakes of tMs hnest cf tcixt SJap, wathper bcx of 3 cakei *
aU eolen and b!ackf, hive been $12.50, Ji 5.00 ani -,„ o _ adverted. SCWIiiff SUffm 45 c; on tpcc?al sale price fcr Monday and w;ek if quantity ht^—pCf bSX • g
; - $ zo.vo, alter stock-taking price ...&7m95 4 -piece CamVr.c Sett, trimme 1 with Maltese lace, cr .wers, _ Wc have , „ cf bc;£ Bw BUc]( . • '¦ *
Lot 2 — Asserted lot cf our nn«t mw Tailor Dtcsxs, trimmed and chemife, $k it and gown, pn<e was Si 2.50, special at. «2» M m£P %J <:,,.,•„„ c;m. ,y,, f ... ««.¦-.,_,? . jl »> j • j n r*i 1 cr 1 • c I *
! plain, teau iul goods and ityles, have been |2 5 .oo, tf 4 - ? i ef e CamWc Setf, trimmed with Ma\^Torchon lace, draweTs, J/lfrStOCk-Taklttg Sab , .2
• 53O.OO ani |3S -co, after itock-taking P ri« ! &i&.SO chemise, skirt and _ gown, the chem'se and gewn have _ ' o g- . they are offered Monday and while quantity B^/tiS^«Z W Z*nei MiSZSte-Gt 9 5
Lot 3 — As ortcd let ot nne mcoiuai and heavy AI1-n\ ool \\ arm nbVon at neck, price was vi 2.00, fr rc; al at «(O*«79 lasts a: the'very special sale pri "e fl»*fl 6«Jjtt*?S» WfflflC# Rw3 U*&*»sBt%& *«J
, ; ' Jackets, aU s-irs and co:cr?, have tern irom f 5.00 to $10.00, a'ter 3-piece Eets that #J^ Jf. 50 French ambtic nnn aanni ' .. *»« 3»
1 ' 2?JT-!*r«.«o * " a Fine Shoes. «
! £otf^— Afsorted lot of cur finest Silk-Lined Jackets, in a'l the new wercf4ocutto^i?0»€#Cr Ladies' $1.50 fine Cambric Draw- tAfttr-SiOCk-Takitlg Sale Several lines of comfortable and dependable Shoes for ladies and girls are to be.-, .«
fine shades and Hacks, _ plain and trimmed have b«n tfQ Q Apiece set; that tf - ff -. er , fine lace trim- € — ,^; nMMmaM'ts Oi'fce closed out this we k. Every pair a good value at the regular price— a bar- §
5iS,5l6-5O, 5l8 and <2O, after stock-taking prxe. &&*&& were5 7 ooittod4l*0«Of/ ming, cut to. . . . mOO VmliiSaren S BIBS* «in such .* oniv Ac few store rives at the "Clean-Up" price. Monday and %
! Lot 5— Aborted lot of medium length Automobiles, rlae loose backs, Ladies' Tea Aprons, laceand riblon ' Infants' 603 Cambric Short D:^, About 300 Children's Stamped Linen Bibs g«n such as only the big Store gives a t tne Cleanup price. lanuay ua *
and extra fine fitted back jacket?, all «lk lined, finest kinds only, all trimmed, 75c kind, - n embroidery and tucks, _ with fling: ends and drawn work; worth reg- during the week, whl e quanUty lasts: *
colors and black, have been 520.00, 522.50 and ****% jag* >' our choice cut t0 - •• '¦'¦ cut to. ; .-. .....'.... *p5G ularly 15c and aoc each -marked. -' LadlGS* LSC0 ShOOS, either velcnir calf or fine Vici Kid, heavy
525. CO, after stcck-toking price !&li£* £ B > !3 $t Tea Aprons, lace and _ g% Ladies' 35c Temvs Flan- to close ou: Monday and during week ftC Goodyear welt or hand-turn so!-, patent leather or kU tps, made on ths new M
Lot 6 — Full length Long CcatJ, ?'Autorr.oburs," silk lined thiough- ribbon trimmed, now. «9 %M Sf ncl Skirts cut to;.... gSC coin toe last, and regularly £3.50 per pair, all s:z?s, 4Si^& T? "2
our, loose tack«, tht extra stylish coat, in line light and medium - cut to \ %jj£mMW> M /J ATI 'q
_ shades of un and black', have been 525.00, after _ FtWifaery RcdUUCtlo {MllCh-itU DsmUld Styles Ladles' Vici Kid Lace or • Bu'tto*-* "shoU, mad; on f-" , ffl I \
srock-takmg pnee... &M £ mSIO $ 2 . O oandSi.oo Felt and _ _„ Dt*GSS LiidintSSm ¦ the new coin toe lastj,, medium weight f£7 s*^** \ 5
Waists and Wrappers Reduced. Black Quiiis cut to...... fc vdvet shapes, cut o S5c n, rUTff . r ; fi . . ., »•«? **&***? S 2 -5°> cnt » mpaa*9%W I <£ I s*7j& Mi (»
cock-uking price ' Q8O AU Ha " that UeTe mar:cedu P All Hatt that were marked up ri"""/; : "k '^' ' I, n f kid tops, patent hather ti F s, new coin toes, spring hed; a P.-lV^S****^ «5
!-V - lOf 2-Asx.rted lot ofisik and 'Frcnch'rankei and 'Velveteen Fancy to t l 5°°> cut C Jt TKS aS high ai * 2 5 «&O ff.flV h^ektnT^r^Srf 'jilK sho: that will give sarsfactory wear; worth from 1 1.3 5 to J
' Wa f? ri Styl f* and / nCSt finI$h ' aOR $*.7& cut t 0 .. ..;... 8 ?i\*S£^^£-'rig>° $% the pair, «<<"iX to 2 t <* £f 0Q- 5
I* regolarly | 5 , $6 and | 7> after stock-taking pr.ee. . . . No alterations at th ess pries. inches wide, yard tfOO w «k.. *pMm*J%9 5
c/ear Havana a- Mammoth After-Stock-Taking-Sate How&e FuFHisMngs. Groceriosl' 5
; garS— 7 for 25C, The biggest and best assortment of useful items ever offered by the big House Fumiahirig Department at special sale. To-morrow and balance of week while Royal Peking Powdon-Moa. jj
i We bought from an Eastern jobber 20,ooogood, , - t lasts> £ . j ; j fec condition> . ¦ ; JZll'* S*" o W ? 7 ° S
c!ear Havana Cigars at a price so ab-urdly , -1 / / "" r -Ti: ""^""" WiOSf©#»» Sugar* Corn — Regu- «
low that we arc enabled to offer them Mon- Fine TUfkoy fl ..J BlsSOtl'S Straight 'iiiili i • ImIj «oc C'n — Monday— i tins f^Q '^
;' day and during week while quantity lasts at Outers — Softer ] | Oappet Saucspan "^^^^^^a. Pyramid Washing Powder— H
, • the same price that we stll ordinary ani more durab.e than U . £v/ OCn . <^gs 2 r__gV* 1 *''^ R ,« f n ,,vw V^^^^^sS^g^^T «„" 1 -Found package?, 4 for 25o 'J
5c cigar, for— 7 for ostrich feathers; regu'ar- O OfS— The W .-UiS • I lm l wl- J^^^^^^^^^^' n%.fl~ 6-onnce packages, is for O 5
.;. a specui <-==»__ >^ S777 3to^1^ mm <«« pkm ei M$W*^» «»• I
acMonday Sale I /^ t * . » <'^\'A.-lfiS%3r^ or cherry; regu- 'V^* ¦ J ~^=° / Milk Pans— B:st French Go t tCO Toa — Uncolored Japan, a, good quality, per S
QonirAHif )j I A -^ Ufpr- Iarly|2. 5 o; cut 1 quality enameled J%. PotS— Best enarn- lb 4Q O S
mJdnctSUry ¦£¦,&[ I] 1 ' to....Sf,89 r<~_Z^^^^ wars> ' 5 " quart '^E| ¦¦ eW w«e, the regular Oofle&^-Good family b'end, Ib 25o V
Syriiltf&Sm - A. Oako .-r- -^^ j<3mfci jgf MWft.*^^ si*e; regularly, | ?§ - ! 70c siie, cutto.5^0 SarttlnOS— Dawficolle & Gaudln, one of S
A speciaUy bought lot of -= :^1J /w^. Grid- • A^T: '"^.f ' ' • a8c,cutto^OO M-^^^V - the best of the injperted brands, on Moodar, S
200 of thee wen-known £ ' -'S f jSryTv tiloa— ,^r*7 hM Z ~W[ Mush and Milk \\ jll^fj) tin fob jj
and popular Syringes, «^< -M >WW(^V Atbestos, / =@ "Mi Boiler— r^"^ 31 * 9°= /ill |: 3^1 y^ \ yBTPv^Sv f. a ' f^- Bts£ Eastvn ' 3 J -l>- tins. . . .. .35© >
fuaranteed to b: a? good L^ -^i i/ir«rtJll»i>Cvk fjr frying cakes or touting bread: regularly I « *>-iigs^ '^^J s : ze, ins:de boiler best qua ity (IH =i ?==2& \\/^KslP^ Saint On— Pn!c Alaska, on Monday 3 X
qua'lry as any *z. 5 o /TMM^&Qw^- \ cut to .....*.. r/lc ofenamel ware; cut to ©7C V^|= : .^( £ t:as " 25O *Z
I syring'e on the mirktt— nnttit Rv*-xtt W^**\T* j=: i^l ' Xew Jams, Jellies ani Orang: Marnulaie, in U
f wiU be put on tpecial n U SSS ShSST " ">^>^ '» OarpatMan ' ES^SJ ~ \^ l-lb. tcew top jan, each i.fSo- %
.,U for Monday- enameled ware, wth loTof SsTtew^ # =5W ff^) | g| f^f " S
......V.-.S^^O l!pSiregular25C - cutt0 l6c -Wro h.nd S on« tea .nd de-^g^^^gf Tin OilCans- 1 B Champion Graokers-Yl $
r V^^ Dish canter trap, in van- The x gallon ,. c [^ j^g^ soups, lb /Oo 3«
; -"¦ Lajt -^ Stnafnor—Miicof tright retinned wire, ous designs, regularly size, cut to ,/4 c - ¦ . _ . Ji
• Moderate Prices, Satisfactory Work. Boards f \ r \ tiz: I2Xl6 inch "» re s u!arI y 2 5 C > cutt0 --'6c $1.50, cut to.............. oao . ' On ZMonaav Only, These jj
it'/. Extmiive and handsomely appoint:d prlcrs rS On^ f V^ J ¥%& B^KSIBS^ '^HTli^fTri t&urifii / . , t-v 17^^ m&t on Monday enly $2mOO '2
¦• on main floor. A comp'ete'assortment or' hair made of > »» |^ Kgy*" #rt^ m^ "^6^- J|| W || BrOBtM and Oa*<0 Sot— Set of Pinoapa'.O Gin— FuU q^ 11 bottle, \j
r switches, w:g«, frcnt pieces and # all kinis cf ccmprKstd . P» "^ ®I^S^B^©H^ 'iS.E3BCJ B^LS^IL^Fa thrce teve!cd d S e knives ' for cutt ' n 5 ho: Monday 7BO .5
1 hairgoods. Spicial orders made up at short paper, very strong and durab'e, yarJ mrasure ":- -A« ak.fxi-^^ T^»^«« ' bread, cake and paring fruit and vegetables, Wood AlOOhol-™ qwt bottle,;.. {[
I nodce. printed on one side-cut from 7S c to. . 33o CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE special prite for seV . .?. ,t0O Monday 3SO $
If yon haven't a roculw, hf»!t*v movement of the
bowels evrrr dtT. you're III or will b«. Keep your
borrc sepenrandbo welL Force, in the Bjiikpeof tk>.
!c^tiijT5corJ;iapolKon,U danccrens. The smooth-
i^t.CMi^t, ciott perfect way of keeping the bowels
clear cad clean Is to taie
BEST FOR THE
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
PUasant. r&Utable. Potent. Taste good. Do Good.
Ifcrer Ucl:en. Weatca. or Orip«. 19, •*"''?.
per box. Writ© tor tree sample, oni booklet on
Lcalth. Address - • *~*
irrczixsa bcxedt coxrAST t chicico er Ktw tobe.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
igfeiipiii
FOLDING BED
IS steel-tempered springs: wire tied.
An orrertunlty to ret a good bed tor
little money.
..SWEEPING REDUCTIONS..
" In Furniture and Carpets. -
Estimates on complete house-fur-
nishing cheerfully given. ¦
Free delivery within 200 mllea em
JI3 wortfc and over.
T. Brilliant F o rni t n re Co.,
338:342 POSJ-ST., R^,,.
— ,..,., ~ ¦-,.. .^....^
J&T&fH /NATUARTIQHartz Recovers Small Damages.
The jury in the case of Fred Hartz'vs.
the Mount Jefferson Mining and Develop
ment Company returned a verdict In the
United States Circuit Court yesterday 'in
favor of Hartz. awarding him $250 dam
ages. . Hartz sued for $21,000 for injuries
received by a skip overturning in the
mine and throwing him out.
Denman School Graduates.
The following pupils of the advanced
eighth grade of the Denman School are
the Christmas graduates: ' Hazel Abra
hamson. Aslang Aune. Eleanor Barthold,
Ethel Carr, Kstclle Cerf. Bettle Coffee,
Vera Colman, Lilian Cotrel, Marian Co
trel, Clarice Culligan. Emily Dobbs. Tres
sa Ferchen, Rose Krey. Stella Harman,
Carmellta Hollls; Nancy Hooper. Nonle
Hooper, Marjorie James. Lilian Johanaen,
Kathryn Lindsay. Julia Lowpnsteln, Eve
lyn Olmstead, Marguerite Popert, Ida
Prlen, Teresa Ryan. Eulth Seller, Maud
White. Dora Wolfe and Sallle Ehrman.
3500 pairs two-clasp kid gloves, in black,
white, tan, mode, brown and red; a reg
ular SI glove for 65c.
Also 150 dozen two-clasp kid gloves, in
black, white, red end brown; fine fitting,
durable and stylish; a great bargain
at 79c MOSS' nJI OVE STORE.
J210 Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
N". B.— Purchase early if you wish to
make a careful selection. •
Women's Kid Gloves.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
TAVORS BELSHAW*S ACT
Strongly Objects to Pool-Selling Un
less Conducted Within Race-
Track Inclosures.
A special meeting of the board of diret
tors of the Merchants* Association wat
held yesterday in the rooms of the or
ganization in the Mills building. F. "W.
Dohrmann presided and the following di
rectors were present: A. S. Baldwin, C. S.
Benedict. Foster P. Cole, AV. P. Redlng
ton, Hugo Rothschild and Frank J.
Eymmes.
The directors unanimously approved tho
act introduced by Senator Belshaw pro
b'bitlng poolselling and bookmaking upon
contests or chances, except when con
ducted within race track Inclosures or fair
p-ounds. While the board did not desire
to give its approval to the selling of pools
or bookrnaking in any shape or form or in
any place whatever, it was deemed advis
able to urge the passage of this measure
es a practical remedy for the evil.
The directors also decided to favor the
act proposed by the California "Water and
Forest Association for united action with
the Federal Government in the storage of
the flood waters of the State and the
preservation of the forests.
The residents of the northern slope of
Bernal Heights are anything but well
pleased with the City Hall officials. The
cause of this dissatisfaction lies in the
fact that their "supposed" Holly Park has
been allowed to slumber in its virgin con
dition for years, notwithstanding the
yearly appropriations which the Super
visors have made for its improvement.
The park, which stands on the official
map, would, if improved, add much to the
comfort and beauty of that locality, yet
it is permitted to remain in its original
condition, while other public sqaures In
tho Western Addition receive the un
divided attention of the Board of Public
Works.
Want Holly Park Improved.
A joint session of the legislative com
mittees of the Annuity Associations of
Alameda and San Francisco counties wa3
held, yesterday in the rooms of Superin
tendent of Schools Webster. There were
present County SuDenntendent T. O.
Crawford of Oakland; P. M. Fisher, prin
cipal of the Central High School, Oak
land, and Miss Hilton of the Oakland
schools; Colonel C. H. Murphy, principal
of the Commercial School, San Francisco;
Superintendent Webster* Vice Principal
T. H. McCarthy of the Washington Gram
mar School; Deputy Superintendents W.
D. Kingsbury and L. A. Jordan, Sun
Francisco. The last named ! presided at
the meeting and P. M. Fisher was secre
tary. The result o{ the session was the
formulating: of a bill to amend the act
of 1S97 providing for the retirement of
teachers and the payment of annuities by
requiring boards of education to turn in
to the teachers' annuity fund at least one
half of the absence money or the differ
ence between a regular teacher's salary
and that of the substitute. This will
largely increase the annuities of teachers
who are retired. Deputy Kingsbury will
present the bill to tha legislative leaders
to-morrow.
Cities Will Submit Amendment
to Legislature. i
Joint Legislative Committees of Two
PBO VIDES FOR INCREASE
IN TEACHERS' ANNUITIES
entlflc lines. It is made of the best ma
terial. For the uppers the finest Heyl's
patent and enamel calf is used in the
heavier and more mannish shapes for the
tailor-made woman, while selected chrome
kid is used for the more dainty dress
shoe. The "Ultra" is made in all of the
new shapes, rmbodylng the new and
graceful dress shoos and the sturdy walk
ing styles. They have welted soles and
are sewed with silk. For summer wear
they use the famous "Willow calf" for the
heavier tan shoes, and the tan chrome kid
for the lighter -weights. They are also
made in low shoes as well as boots, and
the fastenings are either in lace or but
ton. Throughout the East and Europe the
well dressed and sensible woman is found
to be wearing the Ultra shoes. The fact
that the East gives preference to the Ul
tra, should be sufficient guarantee for a
personal trial of its merit. Mr. H. Lesser,
proprietor of the Bee Hive Shoe Store, 717
Market street, r.ear Third, deserves great
credit for his enterprise in securing as at
tractive an addition to his store as the
"Ultra Shoe." V •
Moore-Shafer Shoe Co. of Brockport, N. Y.,
Succeed in Closing a Deal With a
Local Business Firm.
The Moore-Shafer Shoe Company of
Brockport, N. Y.. extensive manufactur
ers of women's shoes, and more widely
known as the makers of the "Ultra" shoe,
have at last jiiaced these goods in this
market. This is fortunate for the wearers
of high grade women's shoes, because
Finre the innovation of special priced
ehoes no $3 50 shoe has been shown carry
ing the merit displayed in this one.
In the manufacture of chofs there has
been a wondrrful advance in the past few
years. The jobber has been eliminated
from the trade, so tl at the large manu
facturer becomes your shoemaker— he
deals with you direct and makes your
Fhoe to fit your foot. This alone is the
secret of the perfect fitting and beautiful
phoes that men and women wear to-day
for J3 ;">0 instead of $5 00 or $6 00.
To please a woman in footwear you
must fit her foot, and it must be stylishly
dressed. In the "Ultra" shoe for women
the climax of the shoemaker's art has
been reached. It is carefuly built en sci-
AN EASTERN MANU
FACTURING FIRM
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court sent his regrets at not being able to
Good-fellowship reigned during the ser
vice of the dinner. Supervisor Booth for
got about the danger of high fences to
quaff "extra dry" with Judge Joachimsen,
who wore his familiar skull cap. Colonei
Howell sat next to Chief of Police Sulli
van, hoping to set a few "pointers" on
how to run the police department. Jack
Casserly and Joe Tobin exchanged views
across the table as to the- latest doings
in society, while Judge ; Coffey acted as
mentor to Judge Kerrigan. " Health Officer
O'Brien looked • happy - because Federal
Quarantine Officer Kinyoun v;as not in
vited to the feast, and Recorder God
chaux was delighted at the warmth of the
banquet room, which was very different
to his quarters in the Hall of Records.
The Civil Service Commissioners looked
excited, for a wag had told them, that
they would have to pass upon the merits
of all the speeches to be delivered later
on. . . .
An elegant repast was served from 7 to
9:30 p. m., music being discoursed during
the dinner by an orchestra. The tables
were decorated with American Beauty
roses and presented an artistic appear
ance.
"I am sure that you would rather listen
to the views of one disinterested citizen
than to the views of an Interested press
or the interested editors who sit in high
towers and whose mission is so exalted
that they cannot get down to the level of
the common people."
These were the words of Mayor Phelan
in which he took occasion to introduce
President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association to the guests at the banquet.
That Mr. Dohrmann was annoyed at the
untimely and uncalled for remarks of tho
Mayor was shown by the expression on
his face when he rose to speak.
Mr. Dohrmann asked leave to read a
newspaper report of his recent address on
"Good Government," and when in firm
tones he said "Gentlemen, I am the friend
of the press" the heartiest applause of the
evening was heard.
One prominent city official was heard to
say, "Well, if the editors of the papers
cannot get down to the level of the com
mon people they have at least reached the
Mayor, so in reaching the common people
the press doesn't have to consider his
Honor."
With the exception of the jarring note
sounded by the Mayor the banquet was
a love feast in every respect. Many of
the city officials who were Invited to at
tend did not materialize. Only four gen
tlemen were present who were not in the
service of the city.
The invited guests aside from the city
officeholders were Collector of the Port
F. S. Stratton, General W. R. Shafter of
the United States army, President F. W.
Dohrmann of the Merchants' Association
and President J. Britton of the Board of
Freeholders.
The tables were arranged in the shape
of the letter "T," Mayor Phelan sitting at
the head and his immediate neighbors be
ins Collector Stratton, General Shafter,
Mr. Dohrmann. Mr. Britton, Auditor
Wells, Judge Sloss and City Attorney F.
K. Lane. The rest of the guests were
seated in two long rows stretching from
the main table.
Many good speeches and a few indif
ferent ones were presented at the munici
pal feast last night, but the' only one
which can be characterized as being in
bad taste came from the host of the even
ing.
Mayor Phelan does . not seem to have
gained any new ideas in the art of speak
ing at public banquets. At the dinner
which he tendered last evening in the
Maple room of j the Palace Hotel to the
city officials the chief executive showed
that he had reread the speech he made a
year ago on a similar occasion by .making
an attack on the proprietors and editors
of the San Francisco papers.
. «That. was the platform upon which th« char
ter wag elected, and speaking for, those I repre
oent, and speaking for those I do not represent,
I ask you, gentlemen, to, be loyal to the char-
¦Thiscity finally succeeded in adopting a" new
charter, .which, as my predecessor has said, is
not ¦ a 1 perfect instrument. ; . We > found '¦ from ¦ ex
perience that no charter > could be carried
through. We had to accept a compromise char
ter.- ,1; acknowledge : It ¦ has ,: grave .faults
but, gentlemen,"-. we have . a* consecutive
on which the government has been based— home
governed, civil - eorvice > and ' a . business admin
istration.. ¦•: -.;- .-..".;¦.. :: ¦/.--.¦ ¦:¦¦ . ----¦-,:¦-,-.
FVW.' Dohrmann; president of the .Mer
chants' Association, delivered one of the
best speeches' of * the evening. • > He ' dis
cussed at length the efforts of the city to
frame a charter.' -He told of the good the
charter had done for the municipality, 1 and
in concluding his able speech; he said: :
As Auditor of the city I can say there has
been a great" Improvement in the city govern
ment. . I believe that the law under which we
are acting now is an . Improvement and ; is" a
benefit to every department in the, city. The
employes throughout the City Hall are work-
Ing more ¦ hours and have ¦ less ¦- money. . I :,be
lleve that the present Supervisors comprise the
best board we : have ever had in . this city.' In
the forty-eight years I have been in this city
I have known of no sucfr a board as this. 1
know that this charter is going to succeed. I
have alwayK been- In favor of the charterand
when I ..was. asked. If I was going to, vote in
favor - of the charter, I ¦¦ said I would ; vote ; for
all charters. : But they ssy. there are some bad
provisions in that : charter. - But we can amend
it and we, will amend it until It becomes : per
fect. .:¦-¦-. ¦¦¦;-• ¦ -¦ ¦¦ • - - ¦-•';-'/- ,,-¦;-,.:
• Auditor Wells expressed his surprise at
being called upon to make a speech,. but
being in it he made the most of the bar
gain. In part, he said: ;
. Joseph" Tobln' was called upon to re
spond in behalf of ? the Supervisors. .He
said that when the present board entered
public life it entered with .nothing more
than a resolution to do its duty by the
people of San , Francisco. "I say it-is a
matter of congratulation," he said, "that
that sentiment, which • they i brought into
political life, they have found reflected in
every official they have come into contact
with in the. City Hall, under the present
administration." . . * .
To what shall I speak? Of the charter? The
people have spoken of the charter and the char
ter has spoken for itself. It has given us the
best government San Francisco has ever had.
The system of the charter Is such and the
officers are such us we never had before. : All
are trying to do their duty under it. .They are
free and independent and have not gone over
to the bosses.- It Is true that the charter has
some defects. It- was made by men who were
earnest and it will not be changed until. San
Francisco is the best governed city on the
face of the earth. Gentlemen, go on with your
good work, and you will leave something for
generations to be ' proud of . • . . .
We are going to have within a few weeks a
great influx of soldiers. Between now and the
1st of June 30,000 men will be landed in this
harbor. I hope they will be discharged here.
Twenty thousand soWiers will be going the
other way to take their places. I am glad they
all come through this city, as It means millions
of dollars to its citizens. ;.':,._ .
Joseph Britton. president of the* Board
of Freeholders who prepared the charter,
was next introduced, and said in part:
My stay here being momentary I have been
unable to vote, but after the 1st day of July,
if retired by the Congress of -the United States,
I hope to spend many happy years here. (Ap
plause.)
_ The relations of the military with the city
government have been extremely pleasant. It
could hardly be otherwise. The relative posi
tions of those two authorities are so clearly
marked that they could not help but agree. The
army question is agitating the country and
Just at this time I regard It as one of the most
important In the history- of the nation. If
nothing is done by the 1st day of July our army
of 90,000 men will be reduced to 25,000. We will
not have enough to maintain ourselves. We
have got to that station where we must have
an army to uphold it. It is possible that In
Manila we could hold that city against the
Philippine archipelago, but there is no man
here who would like to see our army placed on
The Mayor then introduced General
Shafter, who was greeted. with cheers,
when he said that he had lived here fif
teen years and he was delighted to hear
something and to say something on the
workings of the city government. In which
he was interested as a citizen of the
United States. In part he, said:
San Francisco has progressed during the year
from a condition of uncertainty to one of cer
tainty in the direction of the administration
of the government by a system of civil service.
It -is true- that a- doubt has been raised, but
civil service ha« been introduced as we pre
dicted it. and with success. We have met ob
stacles which we expected, and whatever may
be the result of the judicial decision yet to be
rendered on the charter, civil service will ap
ply and be in force. If we need the assistance
of the Legislature we can have. It.
San Francisco, having a position of. world
wide Imj5ortance on the path of the world's
travel. Is our city, and we who live so close to
this great object do not appreciate Its Im
portance In that regard, and it Is well for us
to know that San Krancisco Is a city that will
rank in its commercial and geographical im
portance with the greatest cities of the world.
We are. the housewives of the city. We are
not the bread-winners. We must have our
house orderly and receive the people of the
world who visit here, and I am pleased to hear
that the President is to visit us here, and we
must pee to it that San Francisco is made an
Ideal commonwealth, so that It becomes really
conspicuous. A city built on the hills could
not be lost sight of. We are charged with the
<Juty of seeing that 'ft- is made clean, sanitary
and beautiful. These are our ;i>lmple duties,
and I am pleased to say that every man within
the sound of my voice has In his own depart
ment made It his plan toXaccompllsh this re
sult. • " :
San Franciscor has aesumed a position of
world-wide importance, particulnrly on account
of Its position, and, I may eay In a civic sense,
largely because It Is Hying an experimental
charter considered by the jicopl? who observe
these things the best organic act in thr world."
At the banquet board there are gentlemen
representing the Federal Government. I-aat
year- we. were quite alone, but it occurred to
me that the city is interested in affairs
outside of its own limits, and that durinfc thu
last two or three years we have been thrown
into close relationship, and it seemed to me to
bo proper that we meet the officers represent
ing the President of the United States. (Ap
plause.)
It Is a very difficult thing to begin proceed
ings of- this kind, .and probably a little less
difficult in ending. I come here to greet you
at the closo of the year — after your services to
the city — and. recall that we met here Just a
year ago, almost under similar circumstances,
to meet one another and to give some assur
ances to the city that our work would be ear
nest and. we trust, intelligent. And now after
a year we can come here and congratulate our
selves, and it will be news for you to hear,
for the papers have not reported It, that the
charter government has been a very great suc
cess during the last twelve months. (Ap
plause.)
Fire Commissioners— M H. Hecht. Rolla V.
Watt. J. C. McKinstry and John H. Grady.
Police Commissioners— J. R. Howell, William
T. "Wallace and D. I. Mahoney.
Library Trustees— T. B. Bishop, A. L. Mann,
George T. Shaw and Dr. Taylor.
Charles W. Fay, Mayor'* «ecretary; D. C.
Murphy, attorney to the Mayor.
Mayor Phelan In opening his address
said:
Election Commissioners— Oliver Everett. A.
W. Voorsanper, Sheldon G. KellogK, Jeremiah
Deasy and M. Greenblatt
Board of Health— Dr. J. M. "Williamson, Dr.
R. • W. Baum. Dr. William D. McCarthy, Dr.
W. B. Lewltt, Dr. Vincent Buckley and Dr.
Louis Bazet. ...
Park Commissioners— Walter Martin. Jasper
McDonald, John A. Stanton and . Reuben H.
I-loyd..
Civil Service Commissioners— P. H. Mc-
Carthy. John E. Qulnn. J. Rlcnajd Freud and
CMef Examiner Moran.
School Directors— John B. Casserly,; James
Denraan and C. W.'Mark.
Police Judges— Charles T. Conlan. Geor&e H.
Cnbanlss, K. P. Mogan and H. I* Joachlmsen.
Board of Pubjlc Works— Colonel George H,
Mendell, Marsden Manson and A. B. Magulra
attend the festal board owing to absence
from the city.- Those who were present at
the banquet .were:
Mavor Phelan: v>. s Stratton. Collector of
Port; General W?R. Shafter, United States
aimy; -P.- \v. -Dohrmann, president. Merchants'
Association; Joseph Brltton, president Free
holders;; William P. Sullivan Jr.. Chief of Po
lice; C.;E.- Grunsky, City Engineer;: Wllilam
A. Deane.* County Clerk: L. F. Byington. Dis
trict Attorney; John Lackmann, Sheriff. J.
Harry Scott, Tax Collector; Asa R. Wells. Au
ditor; Franklin. K. Lane, City Attorney; Ed
roond Godchaux, Recorder; Dr. A. P.. O'Brien,
Health Officer; Samuel H. Brooks, Treasurer.
Supervisors— James P. Booth. A. A. d"An
cona, -William N. McCarthy. H.' U. Branden
eteln, ' Peter I J. Curtis. Samuel Braunluirt,
Joseph S.Tobln, John Connor, MI J. Fontana.
Horace Wilson, A. Comte Jr., Lawrenoe J.
Bwyer, Charles Wesley Reed and Charles Box
ton.
Superior Judgps^-Jamcs M. Seawell. Jamos V.
ColTey. Frank H. Kerrigan and M. P. Sloss.
Justices of the Peace— Percy V.-LonR. Alfred
J. ¦Fritz, -G. c. Groezlngrer, -Thomas F. Dunn
and John U. i Daniels.
J. Richard Freud of the Civil Service
Commission pounded the table a.nd grew
highly excited while telling the assem
blage of the tribulations of the commis
s-ion. He 'threw a few bouquets -at Phe
lan and the City Attorney for their able
assistance, anil said some harsh things
about the Judges who issued injunctions
and restraining orders against. the com
mission for the mere asking or filing of a
complaint. Speeches were made also by
Police Commissioner Mahoney, Judge
Fritz and many other city dignitaries.
Judge Slcss madj a happy speech in be
half of the judkiary and was loudly ap
plauded. Marsden Manson told of the
good deeds of the Board of Public Works.
Dr. Edward R. Taylor delivered an elo
quent speech praising: the charter. He
also dwelt at length on the Free Public
Library, and told how economically it was
being run and how valuable it was to the
taxpayers.
ter In Its spirit, every one of you. VTe cannot
expect any half loyalty, as every one of you
were elected on that charter. Be loyal or be
dlfcloyal. Be praised » and take your rewards or
be half-hearted and. take our condemnation.
At the Arinuar Banciuet Given Last Evening to the City
Officials, Guests Again Hear the Tirade of
MAYOR PHELAN REPEATS
ATTACK UPON LOCAL PRESS
THE .SA^ FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, rlOOl.
20
Ul UIVvll
Eyeglass
L*hses r»p1*c*« for BO arnta.'
An» A«ttrnatlo lenses duplicated for 91.00
and 91<3O. ;' '-.' x ; ( » \
Gunrantted correct and best <rusJUr.
Ocullsta*-' pr^serlpttons. Jfllled.- Factory " oa
prf mines. Quick repairing. Phone. Wain IH
OPTICIANS P n P^^' y
642 Market .St. ::iM»jfcuMMiTs
uf*ocBCMROMicitBuiioiN6. CaTALOOUE Tftl.
TI:n>8 sm :r<aU * M
tr***y^u UED...4 cm ».uai a b.«..^S
4^ S^ljn«' Uhllla «rtbDon. Takeno.tlicr. Rer» ia
I / ¦ '"-' «T «•¦¦. Buy «f 7««r Dnif tm « »n\ 4«. ta
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
LT EARXI ANI> WASHINGTON 8TS.— RE-
«• modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
OX European plan. Rooms. 50c to II M day;
»S to $3 we«k: W to $20 month. Fr«« batha; hot
ana cold water «v«ry room; flr* cratta la arerz
room: elevator cuaa «H nl*ht.
yftmrn sium coal. &i*^gi
SS^^fJV 1 * J*^^'O CO.. « It, GREEN
RI\ER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In th«
market. , Office and Yards— CO Main street.
<C£»^%fi m 7 lj o for "onorrhaa.
.^^a^OCH EbMM glfot. Sp«rm»totrhaT
Abfiaiutdtriva White*, nnnttartl dij*
MfGqf Oatranucd \^ cbsr0 . or maj loSmmt.
H«»V »ot u tuitwo.r tion, 1 ritatlon or nicer*-
M Bi><t«a. tioa ,t m neons m"m-
KWkrKlEvixsCHtuicuCa. b'»ne«. Non-mitring.nt.
TiOrVcixciwHui.o .MBHI S ° I * *»t Dmntatt,
WW C.a. A. 7BET ?* wnt «n Plain wrapper,
" ¦ -- ml*r t«nt on rsqoaat.
STATIONER AND PRIJJTER.
PART8IDGE "•* ™2T*
PJ* INTERS. BOOK BINDER3.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
. •- '¦- ¦ » First st.. San Fraaelaeo.
_ • ¦¦¦.¦ PKINTINO. ,4
E^ C HlTfiHF^ printeii.
>• imUnCJ. H1 Ea nsom« st.. S. jr.
. " ¦ OILS.
LUB «J<^.TING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
- ;«« Front: st. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
FRHSH AND SALT .MEATS.
JASBOYES&CO. •gJr?.L*£jria*f t
COPPERSMITH.
C W.^SMITBi Ik P " umbtas - Steamboat and
i« w-.-Ki. , . Shll> Mcrk * »P«cUlty. It and
1* W«»hln K ton st. Telephone Main UiV
:¦¦<- COAL. COKE ANDPIO IRON.
DIRECTORY
..OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SOUR STOMACH
Is Often the Real Cause of a Sour
Temper.
That- the condition of the digestive or-
gans has a marked effect upon the char-
acter or disposition is a truism as old as
the hills, uld Ben Johnson wisely said
"the pleasure of living depends upon the'
liver," ar.d It is a fact which none may I
dispute that a sunny . disposition more i
often results from a healthy digestion I
than from any other cause, i |
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called sour j
stomach or heartburn, is caused by slow 1
digestion of food; instead of being prompt- !
ly digested and converted into blood, bone !
and muscle, It lies in the stomach for '•
hours, fermenting and decaying, creating i
gases which cause pressure on the lungs
and heart, short breath and general dis- 1
comfort and irritation. |
Such half digested food Is Indeed poor j
nourishment for ¦ the body, brain and '
nerves, and the result is shown in Irrita-
ble tempers, unaccountable headaches ami :
that depressing condition usually called
the "fflues," :but. how quickly all these
disappear when appetite and digestion are I
restored! . •
Laxative medicines only irritate the al- '
ready irritated stomach and bowels and '•
have no eftect upon actual digestion of '
food. t ¦¦•¦ - !
The sensible course to follow is to make
use of ; simple, natural digestives like I
Stuart's. Dyspepsia- Tablets after meals i
until the stomach has a chance to recu-
perate. -
The natural digestives .which ev-ry
healthy ttomach contains «»re peptor.es,
diastase and hydrochloric and lactic acids,
and when any of them are lacking the
trouble begins. Th"e reason Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are so valuable and suc-
cessful in curing Btomath troubles is be-
cause they contain, in a pleasant, concen-
trated tablet form, all these absolutely
necessary essentials for perfect digestion
and -assimilation of food. -¦ *
Henry Kirkpatrick of Lawrence, Mass.,
says: "Men and women, whose occupation
precludes an active, outdoor life should
make it "a' daily practice:, to. use Stuart's
Dyspepsia '.Tablets ;• after ¦ meals. I have
done so myself and I know, positively that
I owe my .present health and vigor to
their daily-use/ : . " : '1 ¦ r
; "From the time I was 22. when I gradu-
ated from school with broken health from
overwork; until I was 34,, I scarcely knew
what it was to bs free from stomach
weakness. I had no appetite whatever
for breakfast and very little for any other
meal.
"I ' had acidity and heartburn nearly
every day t and sometimes was alarmed by
Irregularity and palpitation of the heart,
but all this gradually disappeared nfter I
began, using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and ' I . can : eat ' my meals with . relish j and
satisfaction which I had not known since
I was; a growing boy." "s
The success and popularity of Stuart's
Dyspepsia -Tablets Is enormous, but it Is
deserved; and every druggist In the United
States, Canada \ and Great Britain has a
good word for this meritorious prepara-
tion. :*',-, ;
NOTICE.!
"On and after this date we will discon-
tinue the ORPHEUM TICKET SCHEME
in connection with Ivory and Lenox Soup
jfNSON-LOGKE-MERCANTiLE^GOMPANY,
* Agents the, Proctor & Gamble Co.:
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable, 'qmim
perfect • digestion., complete absorption . and
healthful regularity. , .
,;-For the cure of all dUorders of the Stomach.
Uver. ' Bowels.- Kidneys."' Bladder. I Femalc^Ir-
re K u]arlties. Sick I Headache, Biliousness, 1 Con-
stipation,- Piles, and* all; derangements: of th»
Internal -Viscera. ::• 25c a box. - At Druggists or
by. mail. RAD WAY & CO.. New York.
ADVSSTZSESCENTS.
Second Week
of our great
• Ju^ J^ft m&3l J3L J04 nftj^in^ a*^. «^^^^ i
| Notwithstanding the great crush at our remnant tables
during air last week the number of remnants left, from the last
season's heavy business is still enormous.
j The crowds attending this sale have been among the larg-
est in the history cf bur business,' and yet we have remnants
enough left to.continue this sale during the coming week. ;
| We apologize to those who could not be waited upon last
week, and have added extra remnanttables and engaged extra ,
sales people for this week, so that all may be accommodated.
Large quantities of remnants are now on our tables which
could not be displayed for lack of room last week. This is a ]
great opportunity, and you should not miss it. Come in the J
morning if you can and avoid the afternoon crowds.
Remnants. Remnants. /
Fancy Suitings Yd 15c Fancy Granite Plaids Yd 10c
* . _ . Remnants of Fancy Granite
I Remnants of 30 inch fancy Suitings Plaids, double fold, silk stripe ef- I
in neat mixed and striped effects in fects in a good assortment of color- 1
such colorings as" blue and black, ings, such as b«nvns, reds, greens,
red and black, green and brown, new blue, etc., nice for children* «
etc.; regular 2sc and 35c values; school dresses, shirt waists. etc.; the
for the remnant..... Per Yard 15c regular 25c quality. For the rem- j
1 Atitorketritreet store o*i y . nant Per Yard IOC
At Market-Street Stzre Only, j
Remnants,; /--^Remnants. , j
Camel's Hair Cheviot Yd 50c German Eiderdown X?/ 6 I
.Remnant sale of German Eider- ;
Remnants of good quality Cam- down, very heavy quality, soft fin- •
el's Hair Cheviot, suitable for ish, in pink, blue, cream and navy; i
short skirts, Eton suits, etc., in sev- also a choice assortment of fine
eral shades of Oxford yray, cadet stnpts plaids and checks, about *x>
gray mixtures, pastel brown, light short lengths, suitable for nisrht-
Shetland gray, etc.; regular $1.00 Kpwns. skirts and children s wear, h
kind, full 56. inches wide. For the Regular I2j4c and 15c quality. For
remnant.......:.... Per Yard 5O« the remnant ......... Per Yard O>: ,
.... , . ft. . -.. n , At Market-Street Store On'y. t
At Market-Street Store Only.
**v ¦ -V ' Comforters Each 81.S25
RemHiaT3'tS. About 8 dozen extra heavy as-
Fancy Pierola and Camel's sorted comforters, pure
........ v VJ ft , white filling, well tufted, for dou- J
Hair Suitings Yd 25c b , e beds * our reKU i ar $1.6- j
Remnants of Fancy Pierola and ••' - Each $1.25
Camel's Hair Suitings for " child- fi o.iy.
ren's school dresses, separate skirts, Wool Blankets Pair P3.50 |
ladies' costumes, etc.. 38 inches One lot 1 1-4 extra heavy Califor-
wide. in browns, grays, K reens. K ar- nia Wool Blankets, some slightly
nets and other dark mixtures; regn- ! o;led ,( rom show window; regular •
lar- price 60c per - yard. For the $475 blankets. This week
remnant. ...:... ..--Per Yard 25c Per Pair $3.5O
[ At Market-street store Only. . AI$o one lot better grade Califor- '
.; nia Wool Blankets, made to sell a: 5
Remnants. $525 per pair. Special for this
'- «. ,~ 1- • vjoi week Per Pair $4.OO
French Cashmeres > Yd 21c At jr*r*et-street store o n i v . «
Remnants of fine finished French Bed Sheets Each 55c
Cashmeres, 38 inches wide, in all One lot, of extra pood quality
the street and evening shades, such soft undressed cotton bed sheets for
as golf red, baby blue.' garnet, double beds. 81x90 inches. Special
cream, rose pink, cardinal. . royal for this, we* k Each 55c \
purple, etc. Very nice for evening At j/u *' *-* ree * store \
waists, tea gowns, dancintr cos- Pillow Slips Each 12j£c
tumes, etc. The 45c kind. For^the 20 dozen Hemstitched Pillow
remnant..."....... ..Per Yard 21c Cases. 45x36 inches, made of good
At Market-street store Only. serviceable cotton, usually sold C
1 " _^ • • ¦ . " for $1.00. Special for this week.
Remnants. Each i2y 3 c
Black Iron Frame MMarkefStreetStcreOnly. j
Alpaca Yd 53c Remnants. ;
Remnants of Black' Iron Frame Table JJnens, Towels, Etc. ]
Alpaca, the genuine English make. tm^j^^M "V f / cmn^ nts of
fro^ the celebrated Manchester B^^ffi %£?$£* SSoSE
mills, a deep fast. black, warranted toweling. . odds and ends of huck
not to crock very lustrous silky and towel and ha , f d *
finish, 48 inches wide. A good Si.oj lotR fine Hnen napkins and doylie ,.
quality. For the remnant.. durinar O ur remnant sale this week
............... . rer iara *>oc at j ia j£ pr j ce
At Market .Street Store Only. AtMtrke:-StreetSTore Only. ]
Silk Remnants.
Remnants. Remnants. j
Silks Yd 69c Evening Brocade Silks Yd 49c
This line of remnants includes „ . _ . . _
some of the latest and most expen- .Remnants of Evening Brocade
sive materials in our silk depan- Silks, extra heavy quality, best
ment. Colors: greens, blues, la"- value ever offered in San Francisco
e u? er l' r f d and n"" 1 *^" d . cs , ir - Colors: cream, lavender, red and'
j able shades, many of which sold for XTM . * , , *" a
$1.75 Per yard. An evcentipnal Mr- «" e ? reen ' in lengths from 3 to 15
gain. For the remnant..Per Yd COc yards. . For the remnant.. Yd 40c
At Mai ket-itrett ift re Only. * At ITnrke t-Street Store O*ly.
On safe at Market-street store only. Free delivery in city and bay towns.
A^jR^E7^^ "^
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
l^FORE DIJrInQ AFFER
World Famou5 ' Marlani Tonic
j|j(Vv^l^ FOR BODY AND BRAIN
V^^v^^^ Since IS03. Endorsed by Uedical Profession.
lasting efficacious agreeable
At Druggists Everyichrr*. Rtfiose Substitutes.
I IT'S FIT FOR A QUEEN. II
i 1 %% ¦ - Vk Sfii I
H :. ipuiUU fptJflUUl §1
S | STYLE 6O4. PRICE $3,5Q. | | M
fej| . Every woman has heard of the "Ultra" Shoe for women, made in all the many new and! ill
FB shapely lasts and of all the substantial and beautiful leathers. Made and sold for $i 50 The fame! iffi
fc<| of this shoe has preceded it to San Francisco, and as a special price shoe it has Ions: distanced! IH
fer4 all competitors in the EasL Of course the styles embrace all the new shapes— the mannish sturdy I iffi
pU walking shapes as well as the dainty dress shoe— but they are all comfortable; they all 'fit thel Hi
t'} «.tti W » "j 17 " them in - f 11 widths and sizes— because we are the sole agents in this city for thel IS
Hj Ultra and must satisfy all people wishing to buv them. V ... ¦ g
m You know that these shoes are made in Heyl's patent and enamel calf as well as in black and ¦ : M
&i tan chrome kid. The tops, when cloth is.used." are of a heavy imported corkscrew cloth whilel H
P4 the soles are all welted, and they are made in low walking shoes ss well as in boot's ' - 1 H
p>j . .vVe.wish you to call and see this shoe before you buy your next pair. . I- .. . Eg
I BEE HIVE SHOE CO., 1
H «' LESSER, PROPRIETOR, -fl
p3. 7t7 MARKET STREET, HEAR THIRD, ffl
It iiibiiii F^- t 5^ /^-.™ >ityv 9 /^- co ' mChoppers' Friendship Club No. 1. the
sick benefit branch in San Francisco of
the Woodmen of the. World, has selected
and had installed by F. T. Phelps Its of
ficers for the current term: William Carr,
president; D. K. Watklns. vice president:
Thomas McCourtney. conductor: F. K.
Teeter, secretary; John Boyle, treasurer:
F. J. Kelly, sentinel; J. F. Casey, watch
man; R. A. A. Summers, trustee: Drs.
Patton and McLane, physicians, and F.
X. Mayer, organist. The club now has
a membership of 136 and a snug sum in
the bank to be used in the care of mem
bers. In case of necessity. After the in
stallation there was a smoker for the
members.
"What a Reporter Has Seen.
Last Friday during the rain spell, taking
a stroll in the Mission he was attracted
by the immense .furniture house of the
Pattosien Company, corner Sixteenth and
.Mission streets. Curiously stepping into
the store, he was astonished at seeing the
store packed with buyers In SRite of the
dov/npour. Yet everybody looked happy.
After questioning why tne rush was there,
he found out that it Is a great challenge
sale Just now. ... •
DB. LEWITT TAKES HIS
SEAT OK HEALTH EOABD
Dr. Bazet Betires in His Favor— Ordi-
nances Recommended to the
Supervisors. a J _ :.
At a special meeting of the Board ot
Health yesterday Dr. William B. Lewitt,
the newly appointed member of the body,
took his seat after presenting his comnrna
slcn. Dr. Bazet introduced his successor,
who was greeted by President Williamson
with a few complimentary remarks. Wil
liamson spoke of the storms that had
gathered around the board and admon
ished the new members to stand flna
when other storms dhould arise.
Dr. Williamson iw re-elected president
of the board to serve this year. Dt. Lew-
Jtt was appointed on the committees on
publicity, food Inspection and finance.
Dr. Buckley was mad') .chairman of tha
hospital committee.
Tne board decided to recommend to the
Supervisors an amendment to the or
dinance prohibiting the throwing- of gar
bage on vacant lots dv making it a mis
demeanor for owners of the lots to allow
them to be used for j-mch a purpose. Vio
lations are punishable by a fine of 1500
and imprisonment for she months. Thq
Supervisors will also be reauested to
amend the ordinance prohibiting ths use
of cellars and underirround apartments
for sleeping purposes by making It raors
stringent in its operations.
Model camp. The selling of Government
clothing is* strictly prohibited by regula
tions and is only attempted by "rookies."
They ¦will probably, lose a month's pay for
transgressing. . ' ;
Captain Mays Will . Command the
••Bookies" in the New Section
NEW BECBUIT BATTALION
TO BE FORMED MONDAY
of Model Camp. ,
Captain WilJ T. Mays has been ordered
to the command of the second provisional
battalion of recruits, which will be or
ganized to-morrow. He will have as his
assistants Lieutenant John W. Barnes",
detached from the First Battalion, and
Lieutenant Charles Abel. The recruits at
the camp have, considering the short time
they have been drilled as an organization,
reached a remarkable degree of efficiency
In. the various drills. They will be formed
into the Twenty-sixth Regiment of In
fantry as soon as the army bill passes.-
Two civilians working on the roof of one
of the buildings near the Lombard-street
entrance to the Presidio lost their holds
on the slippery shingles, and feir to th«
ground, a distance of thirty feet. They
were carried to the general hospital and
treated for numerous contusions about the
head and face.
Austin Widows, private. Company E,
Twenty-third Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital.
Sergeant Houston of Company D," pro
visional battalion, arrested recruits from
the casual camp Friday night for. trying
to dispose of Government clothing to new
arrivals. The men had drawn clothing
during the day. and to raise a little ready
cash started to peddle the articles through
Fantan Players Pined.
. Eight fantan players, who were, arrest
ed Friday night by Captain Wittman and
posse," were convicted by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. They agreed to take their sen
tence at -. once, and each waa . fined |10,
which won at onro naid. . ¦- .
Convicted Persona' Sentenced.
Angelina M. Abbott. : v/ho was convicted
by a Jury in Judged Cook's court. Thurs
day on the charge of assault for shooting
De Witt Clinton, the actor, on June U
last, appeared for sentence yesterday. The
Judge fined her $150 with ttfe alternative
of serving seventy-flva days In the County
Jail. The. fine was paid.
In Judge Lawlor's court Henry M«yd<ir.
convicted, of « burglary for breaking into
the house of F. F. Francis. 414 Jackson
street., was sentenced 'to one year In San
Quentin. ... ----- ¦;.----, .
Patrick Donohue, convicted of grand
larceny for stealing $100 worth of Jewelry
from Sirs. Kate Dunn, .was sentenced- to
ten ' years in . Folsoin penitentiary; Four
"priors"- for petty larceny and one tor
assault to murder were urged"- againat
him.r ../... ;,/, t:. :¦• . '¦ .'.-...¦;:: ¦.;;¦-,.;¦.,-;.
JOE-XT YORK, Jan. 12.-A World special
from London says: Appalling develop
ments in the South African situation are
causing the deepest consternation here.
It Is now nearly thre» months since tha
British army found It impossible to art
on the offensive, whll>» every day ther<»
are fresh accounts of 'jartng tactics of the
Boers, who are actint upon a plan con
ceived with consummate sktll and exe
cuted with amazing intrepTuity and re
source to cut off Lord Kitchener's com
munications with both the Cape and
Natal. ¦
The position of affairs in Cape Colony
is wrapped In mystery owln? to the scan
tiness of Information r,ass»d by the cen
sor, but It Is divined from the generi<!
purport of the news' tr.Ht the Immediate
outlook Is of the gravest possible char
acter, -r-
All manner" of panicky proposals. ar<»
printed for raising fresh levies df volun
teers here, including the suggested sum
mons of the City Imperial Volunteers, but
Kitchener's need is capable mounted rifle
men. for 40.WX) of whom as cabled a week
ago he urgently applied immediately after
Lord Roberts resigned his command.
The Government is able to do nothing
yet to meet this need, though It is stated
that orders have been issued' to release
every mounted regular at home and In tho
colonies for, immediate transport to Cape
Town. Tho determination to subdue* the
Boers "at all costs Is expressed as reso
lutely as ever, but there is none of the
enthusiasm displayed a year ( ago~ and re
cruiting has fallen to the lowest point in
a ouarter of a century.
The paralysis of Kitchener's army Is
apparently complete, and In gloomy con
trast to the Incessant unchecked activity
of the Boers.
Soldiers* letters have been stopped to
home folks, and offlc^rs* letters are rig
orously censored owln* to the * bad I im
pression created by their spiritless and de
pressed tenor. ¦ ¦ • ¦"•"., • -
•Tt In officially rumored that Kitchener ts'
developing a scheme ' for crushing the
Boer commandos In Cape Colony, but con
fidence has been shaken In the efficacy of
hi* tactic*.-' ' '"' '¦, ¦:¦.-¦> %_-
A perfect FtamDede of wealthy -Routh
Africans is taking place from Cape Town,
where enormous premiums are offered for
passages home, not only In the liners but
even on cargo steamers. .
A special dispatch from Pretoria dated
January 11 and describing the fight of
January 9, near Commando: Nek dwells
upon the excellent work of- Howard'*
scouts, a new corps composed of 'Cajia=
dlans wh'o remained" in "South Africa and
re-enlisted. . These ecouts.chased the. re%
treating -Boers a distance of five: mile-if
harassing, their rear and ;.t«k)ne'/ some
prisoners. . One of- Delary's, horses, with
wallets | containing I the ' commands nt*» | pa
pers strapped- to Us back, and 500 cattle
were 'also caDtured.* /¦ • - • i ] - •;•'¦ ",' ;"'•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. IS.
The Rev II. T. Nelson of Battle Creek,
Mich.*, a prominent missionary In the Sev
enth Day Adventist denomination, was
arrested this afternoon and locked up at
the City Prison upon complaint of the
Rev. C. M. Gardiner, pastor of the Sev
enth Day Adventist Church of this city.
The pastor, was compelled to twice sum
mon the police to the church. at Twelfth
and Brush streets to-day to eject the
Michigan minister, who persisted In inter
rupting the worship which was in prog
ress.
'ine Battle Creek missionary went to
the services at the church this morning
and took a prominent seat among the con
gregation. He waited until the exercises
of the morning were well under way, and
then arose in his pew and demanded to
be 'heard. Before those . near by could
Btlll the Interruption. Rev. Mr. Ntlson
was loudly denouncing an audience with
the pastor In his pulpit.
Several of the church officers ruehed over
to Nelson and tried to quiet him, but they
could do nothing until he was summarily
ejected, the police being called. A eec
ond time Nelson entered the church, but
before the i police arrived he had gon«
away. •
Rev. Mr. Gardiner had no desire to
cause the arrest of the disturber, but tha
pastor did not want his worshipers an
noyed. ¦ ¦ This afternoon' the newcomer re
appeared, at the church and again aroused
the' people with /his vociferous demands to
be he&rd. . . ,. . .. . .
Again the police were summoned and.
this time they succeeded In arresting th«
preacher, who appeared as one who might
be slightly unbalanced mentally 1 ..- Nelson
made no resistance, to Arrest. He -lid not
seem to realize that his actions had in
any wise been sufficiently unpleasant to
warrant suppression. . .
"I came here .1, month ago from the
headquarters of the Adventists at Battle
Creek to do missionary work," explained
the arrested preacher. "When I went. to
church I this i mornlnu , I simply . made up
my mind that I desired to: talk with the
pastor about holding some .meetings here.
I started to address .Mm during the *er r
vices and- that did not/ seem to pleata
Mm. I do not. see th.at I have violated
any law." ,. ; . ,
The church people said they regretted
that they were compelled to call for.tho
police, but the actions of Nelson were so
continuously ; boisterous/that he had . to bo
removed . otherwise th© services could not
be carried on. - • ¦ ¦ - -•
Rev. H. T. Nelson Creates
Great Disturbance at
Adventist Church.
NOISY MINISTER
GOES TO PRISON
Conlan Is Presiding Judge.
The Police Judges met yesterday to
elect a Presiding Judee for the ensuing
year. On motion of Judge Cabaniss the
honor was conferred upon Judge Conlan.
Developments in the South African Situa
tion Cause Dismay in London.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
went out to search for some one to make
the will. This may be a mistake, how
ever.
With a small fortune in sight for some
one. the resident Swedish Consul has em
ployed Messrs. Loewy & Gutsch as attor
neys to contest the paper filed by Annie
J. Armstrong. A lively battle is therefore
in sight for the custody of the miser's
money and it may yet reach his heirs in
Sweden.
No difficulty was experienced yesterday
in locating Mrs. Armstrong and Messrs.
Obrol and Frederic. The* last two
named were at the Coso House. Fred
eric does not tspeaJt English. Cabrol had
lltie to say, except that he had held
Erickson's hand when the cross was made
for Erickson's signature. He did this,
he said, because Erickson was too weak
to write.- Frederic said, as interpreted
by Cabrol. that he had witnessed the pa
per with Cabrol and that he had signed it
under Cabrnl's name.
Mrs. Annie J. Armstrong was found at
fi25 Pine street last evening. She is.
seemingly, about 30 years of age, and
rather good looking. She told her story
breifly after remarking that her lawyers
had told her not to talk.
"J was very kind to the old man." she
Fafrl. "not because I thought h? had
money, but because I was sorry for_h!m.
He was old and sick %nd friendle*<s.' : "i did
what I could for him and. when'l was
itfay from the Coso House he ¦would send
for me. He was, ill about a year and I
wfl» with him much of the time. He" was
not kept In bed much of . the time, -but ho
was not well." . : '.
"Did you know that he was going to
make a will?"
"My lawyers told me not to talk. No,
I was not there when the will was mad"."
Mrs. Armstrong would not Pay anything
mrre about the matter, except that she
felt sure that the, court would give her
the money and 'that she was a seamstress
and that Erickson knew she had hard
work to get a living.
Erickson lived most, wretchedly for
years, picking up crusts In the street and
subsisting upon the refuse. of markets.
,He died amid squalid surroundings indi
cating groat poverty. Ills bank books
show, however, that the sum of J260 was
drawn from the bank last June in divi
dends. All .the cash he had about him
when he died was S5 cents. He was
formerly a miner, but had lived In Fan
Francisco manv years and was a familiar
figure In certain. localities.
' ' " ¦ ¦ ....
GREAT BRITAIN WORRIED
BY BOLD BOER TACTICS
OLT> Leros Erfckson. a miser,
aped 77. full ol the pains and
wcartnr ?? of age. died on the last
day of the century at the Coso
House. 411 Saovime street. Aft«>r
b« had r-a*s«*d away the Public Admlnis-
Trator came into possession of two bank
books. Indicating that Erickson had JlO.t-09
rirposltfd with the Hibtmia Savings Bank
end the Sa\ir.g« and ix>an Society. The«»»
booka were received bs H. C. Wilbur for
the Public Administrator from Adrian
Cabrol. nne of the proprietors of the
house. Mr. Wilbur was Informed "by Cab
r^l that there were no writings or papers
in the house belonging to Erickson.
Wilbur says that Cafcrol spoke to him
as follows when he handed him the bank
books:
"On the Sunday r.lg'.it preceding the day
cf his death Erickson asked me to see if
I could not find some one to make hi«
—rill, as he Intended to leave the most of
hi? property to poople m the hotel. I went
out ana looked, but »U places were closed
and I couldn't find ant' one to make th<:
will."' - .
In making this statement Cabrol ap
p^ar^d to H'llbur to bo much ulsappoln*
fti. The Public Administrator was^notl-
JietJ by Wilbur of what hafl been said a:
the Coso House. On tne 2d day of Janu- '
ary the Administrator filed a petition for
letters of administration on Erickson's
<st£ie. Two days later, to his surprise-,
fcrlvrter & Hopkins, attcrneys. filed what
purport* to be the last will and test&me;!L
of Erickson. It belr.g *--:}jned with a cross.
This is a peculiar document. In it Mr*.
Annie J. Armstrong of C23 Pine. street is
mentioned as the dearest friend of the
,...-, ncerj and a pchedule of his posyessiom
jp set forth, but the document does not
say that these possessions are to go to
the lady. It was undoubtedly the inten
tion of" the person drawing the alleged
will to name her as devisee but. this was
rot done. Mrs. Armstrong is employed at
the Cofo House.
This document is dated December 27.
*$*v». and the name? nf Adr'en Cabrol and
Dflmas Frederic, his partner, are at
tached to It as those cf witnesses.
The> date of the alleged will indicates
that It was signed on the Thursday before
Erickson died. Cabrol, as Wilbur re
rr.*-mr>ers. said that It was on the last
Sunday before Eiickson's death that he
LEROS ERICKSON. THE DEAD MISER, AND THE ALLEGED WILL UN
DER WHICH MRS. ANNIE ARMSTRONG HOPES TO SECURE $10 000
LEFT BY HIM.
The arguments on the motion to set
aside the Indictment of the Grand Jury
charging Mrs. Nettie R. Craven with per
jury alleged to have been committed by
her in her efforts to prove that she was
the widow of the late James G. Fair were
heard before Judge Cook yesterday. Mr«.
Craven was In court. She has discarded
the use of crutches and looks like her
former self. ' ; •
Attorney T. D, Rlordan opened the ar
gument for Mrs. Craven. He claimed
that, in the indictment no allegation was
made that Judge Troutt, in whose court
it Is alleged the perjury was committed,
had jurisdiction of the subject matter or
of thd person of the defendant, and that
there was no allegation that Senator Fair
had any estate. He took special excep
tion- to the mode of procedure of the
Grand Jury In bringing in an indictment
against the defendant for perjury, when,
in fact, a complaint should have been
made before a committing magistrate or
the indictment should have been brought
in by a subsequent Grand Jury. There
had been a willful disregard of the rights
of the accused, he said, and he quoted
authorities to show that in that regard
alone the indictment should be set aside.
Attorney Charles • Pence argued that it
was improper for the Grand Jury to ask
the defendant to testify against herself.
Nothing was said in the indictment as to
the defendant committing perjury before
Judge Troutt. but the grand Jurors them
selves were the .witnesses ror the indict
ment, and in that respect were not a com
petent body. .
Attorney W. W. Foote pointed out al
leged- defects in the language of the in
dictment. The defendant was not indicted
for committing perjury before Judge
Troutt, but before the Grand Jury.
Attorney Ruef raised the technical point
that no part of the testimony falsely
given by a witness was material unless
it was given with the view to the pre
sentment of an indictment or Information
to the court. In this case the defendant
was not po advised; In the indictment
It was also stated that the defendant had
testified in substance to certain facts. He
argued that it was essential that the ex
act words on which perjury was based be
given, and not their substance.
Assistant District Attorney Deupfey re
plied briefly for the people, contending;
that the indictment was proper and should
be sustained.
The Judge advised Deuprey to answer
all the points raised by the defendant's
attorneys and also the points raised by
them when arguing the demurrer to the
indictment some time ago. which was at
the time denied. The principal point at
that time Taised was the prejudice that
lay In the minds of the jurors at the time
the indictment was found. As the case
stood the matter could be taken before
the Supreme Court and probably upheld,
and he wanted to have all the authorities
no that he could bo in a position to decide
for himaelf. He gave Deuprey five days
in which 10 submit .his authorities In an
swer to the points raised by the defend
ant's attorneys and they were allowed
five days to reply. The decision will be
rendered on January 26.
Raised.
Authorities in Answer to
All the Points
Judge Cook Asks Deuprey to Submit
Arguments Made by Her At
torneys to Set ¦•¦Aside -
Indictmsnt.
MRS. CRAVEN MAY
ESCAPE A TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
MISER'S HOARDED GOLD
SUBJECT TO CONTEST
Erickson's Alleged Will Giving Thousands to a
Woman Servant Is' Questioned.
Choppers' Prlen'dship Club.
21
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Cures
Drunkards
A Remarkably Remedy Whioh Clergymen,
PhysioianB aid Temperance Workers.
Now Eeartily Indorse.
Can B3 Given Secretly in f offes, Tea or Food,
Thus Oaring thi Drunkard With-
out His Co-operation,
The Remedy Is Sent Free to All
Aft*r many years of unceasing endeavor Dr.
J. \V. Halnes has finally secured the indorrr-
ment of the professions for his remarkable rern-
«-<ly, GcMcn Specific. This remedy Is odorless
and taMelees, Is mixed with coffee, tea.' milk or
food and riven the drunkard secretly. Its effpet
is remarkable, curing canes In a short time that
eeemed absolutely hopeles*.
Rev. Schimpfelman. a noted German divine,
cays: "I am gratified to say that I have met
many cayes of drunkenness cured by' Golden
Epeclflc. The t ecrecy with which it can be uned
is certainly a great gain to the cause of temper-
ance."
UBS. IRENE FLORENCE, Truklin, Wtmn CV, 0.
Dr. Rene Chabot, one of the greatest of. medi-
cal scientists, ea>s: "Golden Spectflc is the only
cure for drunkenness. It leaves no aftereffects
and I have frequently prescribed it to be Kiven
secretly by tb« drunkard's wife, mother or
¦daughter."
Franklyn Waters, who has moved thousands
by his cttninK temperance lectures, says: "No
amount of eloquence can equal the wonderful
accomplishments of Golden Specific. . It is the
greatest temperance worker the world has ever
seen. I have known It to cure drunkards who
were always too drunk to even attend a temper-
ance lecture. Every woman should do her best
to make Golden Specific a household word."
Mr*. Irene Florence, box 13$, Franklin, War-
ren County, Ohio, eays:
. "I had for years patiently borne the disgrace,
suffering, misery and privations due to my. hus-
band's drinking habits. Hearing of, your mar-
velous I remedy for the cure of drunkenness,
which I could give my husband secretly, I de-
cided to try It. I mixed it in his food and cof-
fee, and, as the remedy Is odorless, and taste-
less, i he did not' know what/ it was that so
quickly relieved his craving for liquor. I soon
found out that my mission was a complete suc-
cess and that Golden 8pectflc had wrought al-
most a miracle for me: I want others to profit
by my. experience and | if you want. you are at
liberty, to refer to me as having told you about
this ;marvelous remedy."
„•' Send your name and address to Dr. J. W.
Hainrs. 3*4 Glenn building, Cincinnati, Ohio,
and be will mall a free sample of the remedy to
you securely sealed In a plain .wrapper, also full
directions how to use It, books and testimonials
from hundreds who have been cured and every-
thing ': needed to . aid ' you ' In ¦ saving \ those near
and dear to you from a life of degradation and
ultimate poverty. and dlssraca. - '•** >i -V f ..- :
;;lf GBAPE-UUTS. :
• SENT HOME. "V
Physicians in Gtrmany Send Patients
to America for Food.
" Two clergymen* who went to Germany
last year for treatment by a noted special-
ist were tokl that they must u*e Grape-
NutF. made In America, at Battle Creek.
Mich., for the principal part of each meal.
This pujrsestion interested the two di-
vines Kroatly. for ' while they knew of
Grape-Nuts and that there was^a largre
ose made of the food in America, it h'ad
newer corn» their way to try It.
A lady Jn Heddlng. N. H.. Mrs. Otis
Cole, eays the after-effect of the grip was
a Ecrioun gastric and stomach trouble.
All the following rummer she had many
attacks of palpitation of the heart, nau-
sea, psin. faintness. insomnia, and all the
other iils which accompany impaired
nerve force and -indigestion.
She began using Grape-Nuts to build
her up and found at once that the food
created no disturbance and ehe began to
gain In ?tren&th ar.d courage. In October
Fhe vent for a vteSt and took Grape-Nuts
v.lth her to uee each day. She gained 10
pounds In wHjrht In about four months
and fully recovered her health.
She further says: "While I am now
entirely well, I shall probably adhere to
Crape-Nuts during the balance of my
life. My brother-in-law, a practicing phy-
•ician. *ay« Grape-Nuts Bimroered in milk,
•trained and the clear liquid given, forms
an Ideal nourishment In cases of extreme
prostration, and Its stimulating effect Is
noticed Immediately. A friend of mine, a
professional reader, carries a package of
Grape- Nuts In her handbag, for she sayn
the exhaustion after an evening's work
will not admit cf lunching on ordinary
food, but Grane-Xuts food always restores
her an<J leave* no HI effects, for the food
Is eo easily <51pr.sted and Is ready cooked,
therefore a rrcat convenience.'?
i - - . -- - ... .... _ _ i i in inn 1 1 ¦_THW m — m - — — — — — — — — —
— i^——— ¦¦_¦__¦__— ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ —__iM__i m_im________i -___f ¦_¦¦ — ¦ ¦—¦-__—¦ ¦ ¦ ¦!-!¦»¦ ¦¦¦¦¦_¦ ..-I,- ¦¦¦___iMBM_i^MM__iMMi_M_r^--r-^-----n-M*-gTl~---^-----ntMrMTr-------i""
4P 9 ''dP ¦ A & • '.-... m
/&!&> -icoittinuous-successl
I 1^^^i\ THE IMMENSE SUCCESS of our GIGANTIC SALE is MERITED
I 1\ ty the Great Bargains we are offering in Fine
I v 3 ' Jackets, Drssses and Furs,
A \ U AUTO BOX JAGK-TS. RAINY-DAY SKIRTS,
\ •J_L-- ; alSk- C0V^, RT i : ? :>TH .,?S X JACKETS - 91O.OO; ALL-WOOL, PLAID BACKS, custom made;
/\. Zgf^ TR ' reduced • from |15 00. $S.0>(>; was $8 50.-
/ VM-Su If KE 2?£ TuF^^JP^*^^!*' eatln Une^ IMPORTED SKIRTS, with yoke, belt and'
/ X/%"" li ?l-.5O; reduced from ?1S C). buckle; was *i; JO- now *7.T»O.
iL .. LJ riNT3 KERSEY CLOTH AUTO JACKETS
vgrr — ¦ "2F? <Hke illustration), satin lined, ?ir»aX»; re- nrnni in ¦ riinrn i«nn-»i- m/in.-«
j^^^T duccd fro ™ « 2 ™- REGULAR LENGTH HOUSE SK RTS.
W3F%*%%5? l h IXiNG AUTOMOBILE COATS. Eatln lined.
Ill^p^llllj 918.UO; reduced from $25 CO. ALL-WOOL BLACK CHKVIOT SKIRTS, lined;
lllpllflll LONG AUTOMOBILE COATS, sa'tln lined. WaS V> C0: row O4> *
W>@frZ& %fi\ $22.50; rerluccd from $30 iv\ ALL-WOOL PEPRLK CHEVIOT SKIRTS.
iH • IMPORTED AUTOMOBILE COATS, very ele- Iiaed: was f3 S ° : now • 5 -°°- «
f^fev^ >iil rant. JUSO.OO; reduced from M5 f<0. ELEGANT ALL-WOOL PEBBLE CHEVIOT
frffi&yJii v%%\ TiiKSPicnvQ nrvPT? on «.-^i t-,,« t , SKIRTS, lined, illk trimmed; was $13 50;
tV>s&ss//ZA ?y>JL\ THIS ohAbO.N b JACKKTft. all-WCX>l Kerseys, nmir >*i.k<\<>
i^S^^ Wk >¦ «'lk lined. $7^(>; reduced from J12 SO. no^91»>.<)O.
m TAILOR-MADE DRESSES, ™R CAPES AND JACKETS. | j
liill THIS SEASON'S STYLE, silk llnrt JiekMi. An n °" - J ! 5 T Wx mFS £°LLARETTES:
Jft#i^#WMZ 'M3&. new flare BklrtB. fJHO.OO: reduced from now on sal* at S3.0O to .fO.OO.
115 CO. -..-;. , - PLAIN* CHINA SEAL CAPES, hlsrh collar*.
Wma^^^'^&^S. FINE LADIES' CLOTH BLOUSE DRESSES. Mtln . lln * d : n£)w *™<>°-
S fmS^^^R-I^V^^^ blacks and all colors. 912.50; reduced CHINA SEAL AND ASTRA KAN' CAPES.
from $1? «). - . ;. u tnchp«» deep; was $15 CO; now *1 1.3O. !
i^^^^Si^^JW'Mi^^K. VELVET TRIMMED DRESSES, newest styles. REAL PERSIAN LAMB AND ELECTRIC
| reduced from *>W t». SEAL CAPE?, 15 inches deep; was $C3 to;
¦SSiilHSfi&^StSi^™"^ ALL OUR IMPORTED MODEL DRESSES, now *21..V).
blacks i>nd colors. MARKED DOWN TO V$ CO MINK TRIMMED NEAR SEAL FUR P
, ONE-THIRD FORMER PRICE. JACKETS; now $42.50.
5 ILK "AND CLOTH VAISTS. * COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED.
THIS SEASON'S TAFFETA SILK _____ _ __ _. _ _ -_ __ ¦
WAISTS, lined, blacks and col- I^P*! I tt* | iPfiPWy /-• 1 .*-•<«
An r uf J iri8.%r^ c , 0^ o^ L . EfC 8 I f Mm 1-IkRI-> Chak anj Snit HoflSC>
i: .KT^KS IVLLLI Q0--blLDI_U' 'ISO Kearny St.
: fl.lO. 91.25, 51JM)r 'I
- . ... ;.-.---¦-¦- - -™™---------- ~™™~~v~~~ p—w- wv .^... ; ..._ r ..--__ p , _ *-.
C A^\y .( \ f^ffiWk ' < Avoid cold feet and chilblains Pre-eminently the bona-flde . One exceptionally good value MS
m &Utr V [\ \{^M____k k v wearing g-ood common-sense bargain opportunity of the season. from our w.
JJ1M&WH- H0SE - SUIT DEPARTMENT. ; GLOVE DEPARTMENT. J
¦ mSJn&Sfitff^X/f l/eimi H>. Here is an opportunity no ona A rousing clearance that •will ' LADIES'. . GLOVbS, made of best •&
l_l 9^*1 VM IKni * -~ erirmlri mice: rrratfi the miir csrncnHnrt of the quality Italian kid. soft and pliable, ga
U&Ea Ufa i) _\IB__f--L Enouiamiss. create tne sun station ot tne new stltchcd back> two c!asps , all over . fl
IR^PhZh* *l I^WflnBMwHgf*^ LADIES' ALL-WOOL FAST season. It simply means a suit seam sewed. Our sacrifice price.. 95c |J
KSH^I > &Bn_R5iK f TI'l> I E B- TAILOR W One of the best oSerings yet to |
IBHfiH Hffll » lV\B-_-W^W (51r>Ck AGAIN— LADIES' HOSE, made of SUITS, made of gool Jk * Him*/ ninnnilO *f
fl^WH M \J\ ' (JJ WULtIS/ MsSCV best Quality Egyptian cotton, war- quality all wool serge. J^i3 . NH K H KH INN U
« > VlvVtf_v/l*V/rVAT ranted fast black, double soles, high Eton or Hy front jackpts. i^M llLUl\ illUUUIUJi a
I '^-Hl^l L lC!9WSP rV^5:/A>i^' fP' iced I heels, extra length, plain or lined with best quality 500 varda ALL-SILK. DOrBL-E. &
l^i— MnB'/'l Vli\H_l R\ 7\ 1 lace « ffect > a' 1 to gro at the same near Pilk. skirt lined i&l£j(jM[ FACEt) SA.TIX HIBBON WIDTH R
ffiJrllSwil \\7*im-_k *? i 1/ "'regardless of cost price" _.' c throughout and neatly /&f% f J . NO. 60. IN ALL TTIE NEW SHADES. S
IS/ BCTfB VI itt^'jlBfln ti +41 • +1-1 bound with velveteen; //fiv/ *k.K On!v .... li'lt; m
» H_HW_ffll (*\ WaBm>. who reduces his prices prior to Perfect nttins and hane- Jffl/ii yd IIRIDDril A nnQODTHSJlTV Hf
I Jni6Hm%vl_W "tock-taking. ¦ Tha manuScturers no% stnnT^^tii^^^ UMBRELLA UPPDHTUfilTY. 1
J have the same privilege, and in a radical ouVand C_yvJi One -not to be %
K consequence we bought a broken out clearance sale. overlooked. c^T^*^ lh
fl Hne Ot Dress Skirts in this department ladies* °J GENTS* £5$^^ 3
f it *\ UNDERWEAR wil1 g0 at prices unreasonable to ]ffl /8fi T b H k u^^la 3 I
m 111 At P rices thftt <w ' ould astonish tha LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, made of S£te t J"^ ' hSSdtei 1 to B
1 I \ I most prudent. TMb meajis money £fst a ll wool cheviot trimmed with chocS e from; your choice *&&JjY* S,
n lAI i-«_j. black taffeta slik applique, lineu . j.<j # , ** "vi vk
B £4sv /\ I in your pocket. throughout and bound with best vcl- "****; A'.^'"\\ r- 19
ff RgBI f \ \ TOADIES' VESTS made of best qual- veteen binding, nerfect In tit and fin- tale at O Farrell-st. Entrance. *W
% sZr^LA VeJUik ity silk, low neck, no sleeves, neck and lsh-a skirt cut after best tailor pat- . „. „ „„,„.„ 4 _ „,,„ H
n fr *i> BPf ltth^KT arm size crocheted and drawn through tern and strictly man-tailored. Priced some telling 1 values in our H
W 'i_rifc\ wltn 5llk ta P e - Swls3 rl bbed, colors for disposal prior '.o stock-taking.... . ,. . OJ , n «U_ n« !1 If
ik d®w^ wkii pink, wue and white : 40c »«.s>rt 1 9nipc' Siumnpr-Rnhfi npn t S
B ggF^ ' SADIES' VESTS, made of very best Sale-2d Floor. O'Farrell-st. Entrance. -UUlUO UlUiUUUl I1UUD UUJJ li j|
wl Be- quality silk and wool, SwIbs ribbed, LADIES* SKIRTS, made of pood E
a . high neck, lonp sleeves, steam shrunk, LADIES, when buying 1 quality striped fiannelette. umbrella "»
B neck crocheted and drawn through uril ft flounce. French band, extra wide: M
a with silk tape; pur final reduction - Vrll \ ' worth double the. price we ask.... 33c B
B A clearing out without price ......81.20 lUILU ' Also LADIES'' GOWX3. made cT best €
a -«--_,, i« LADIES' VESTS, made of best Pe- buv something useful as well as quality twilled Daisy cloth, double yoke Ti
Of reserve in our ruvian cotton, high neck, long sleeves, ¦* * i i j.i.i-j back and front, cuffs, collar and front _B
« • neck crocheted and. drawn through ornamental, as it keeps the ,hair trimmed with feather-edge flnlshln? W
¦ /^T^TDCDT' with ribbon: your opportunity.... 49c in place and enhances one's looks braid; colors blue, pink and cream: u
0 ¦ vjvJI\J1j J [ PANTS to match, ankle length, . • full length, extra width; your oppor- Ml
B ¦«~'— »• French ban<S '. 4Oc We are putting on sale to-day and tunity $1.00 «r
fll -xi-r> A T v »'Tr'Tf irr'UTT' Also CHILDREN'S COMBINATION* to-morrow nome of the newest meshes . . <a
H I JP.r^/\ Fv I IVI H l\l I SUITS, made of Egyptian cotton, higrh in plain or dotted efTects. all good fast One item from our H
0 i-/J-«i- iil\ X XV1JUIN 1 neck> i on g sleeves, fleece lined, ankle black. In all the latest effects. The re- ff
\ With values that even the most. l^ ngth '." llar? e . cru fand ay; ilable * ore ? rlce - 5 « LEATHER GOODS DEPT 1
§ experienced and critical must ad- LAbijES*' COM'BiNATipN SUITS. Why need any woman spoil the wuuuw Ubl ¦¦ H
1 mit are really rare. . < SS,%'2£-' .^k °L^^ fa tT^c? J^??* f
i A R7.50 LA VIDA CORSET FOR hl & neck, Ion* sleeves, ankle length or waist by appearing with a flat //// I p £rc& e .* iJOBR H
\ S 3 * 75 - • w^ S ,7A e D on:Sn d ar&^ lU}t\^ff^Vl 44 1
B Not a word of the above statement women should wear at this season of rA n DIIOT DCDCCOTfiDO /iilJ 5, r ; m i !!„ %
| raay n^?S&£Kr5?^^ 5UC BUST PhHFtGTDH? » y Rt a STdSJ
I n S&: Ha ™ ever used the \ It will add a fit and flnidt to a 2!^^? fiSSZ.SSg 1
1 's'hSw^n. 00 "" Wcarae ° ld 9tJle RAPSHEAF SAFETY PINS^ " ? D "k I I v\2 Prices that will startle tho clos- f
| LA VIDA CORSET, made of best J™ " ?, ! V PERFECTOR. made J23 est buyer. 1
M quality' French jean, embroidered with Well, vou should try them imme- of best .«ummer net- <%¦".¦¦ ¦ .. • . . . JB
\ W&ritefr^l^t^&S?. diately Step into our store and jT? Glllldren'S MaCklfl OShBS. f
I SnrbotTiS tfHSH OSFSSSk ££ 7^ g 7 ° U a 8amP rSse^beSfde?^ f^k Mad * of bcst cked mackintosh *
g ami beaffi driwn through with satin fleC ' A a bust r^rfector. It is f |Mif \ material or diagonal cloth plaid back. S
H rlblion- atrnln we sav we are selline a s~n They are ma4o a pupportfr. and when vW dl/\ \ double-breasted cape, velvet collar. »
B reeular $7 50 cor«*pt for «•» •"•* > " ~ //li.i J A> ot best coilless worn without a corset NKLiUr S J full width, all lengths. Worth double H
m regular J..O-I corwt for ».,.... (^'VSJ^^V wir e. which will it is an efficient bust \lffis(/ the price we a^k Sl.T.". S
\ Ever exnerienca the pomfort nt a T •' not pull out In supporter, leaving the ffflr\ - * *.. , , S
| x/vcr experience me comiori; or a Ufef with caps hraf end. which prevents waist and hips entirely [C**^ \ Great .reductions going on. in. our %
M Olfini F flnnPPTO them catchinc In fabric. There has free: some of our so- y ¦ - I «»^#»«»««.— • •% — >— >_n— • 3
blnULt bUHiStl^ never been a safety pin mado to equal callrd competitors ask ' ' NHrxWPnR IIhPT &
1| UI1IUL.L. UUIIUL.li this. Our Introduction price... 6c card double our price 50c liUUNlfLAn UCl li . ¦ .-..¦
f One that has no bust or hips, yet ¦¦'•--.¦. -^ --— «_^ _-^ -p-«-->^ _»m LADIES* RUCHE, made of best fa*t \
\ it is a support to the back and ¥ fll ¥7^ |j i\ 8_1 TTl |V | ITj T7l |J gl black Liberty silk, accordeon plaited B
8 v..«= it,. 1.1.1 {_ .t,. n - IBB B-4 ¦««: B H^S-k M 1%A V*4k B*4 R*^ 9 -w ends, full and drossy looking-. Rnson- %
0 keeps the waist in shape. C J VJF l_i W\ >L #L» l__ l-^B tj I_i fll \^W ber^s way of selling OSc%
B LADIES' GIRDLE CORSET, made A^ -fc-" . J-w Bw l^_r -l-dl -W 1 __*r A. a. "^^1 J Algo JABOTS, made of accordeoa B
m of good faft black, pink or blue sateen, MAIL 0 1 i_" A/I-*_^l i. C i.^^ ~ U plaited chiffon, edged with satin rib- B
\ double side steels, rust proof front ORDERS JS I r\ IVIrirKr^r PH^LAW Don, collar of while satin trimmed «i
B steels, trimmed with lace and bead- ; FILLED. V lv w-Wll IWI. --» H BDILDIKaw with black velvet ribbon and gold Jl
K ing; specially priced 45c RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRBLL. braid. Dainty yet inexpensive.. ..4$)c«[OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S MAIL. BOAT MARIPOSA, 'WHICH
CAME INTO PORT TWO DAYS AHEAD OF TIME. HAYING MADE A
RECORD RUN FROM SYDNEY. NV S. W.
TO ARRIVE.
Stmr Despatch. Johnson, Astoria,
Stmr Fulton. Levinson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coqulllo River, Thompson, for GrayB
Harbor.
Stmr Rival. .
Nor stmr Telius, Pedersen,- Chemainus.
Ship Berlin, Bennett. . Tacoma.
Br ship Corunna, McNeil, Qu«?enstown.
Schr Fearless. Lllyquist, Ouaymas.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 12, 10 p ra— Weather
thick; wind NE, velocity 6 miles.'
.'. , DISASTER.
The stmr Tlllamook is a total | wreck in the
ice near Kodlak. The captain and crew ar
rived at Port Townsend this morning.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ASTORIA. Jan 12— SW storm continues at
Astoria. Aberdeen and Straits of Fuca. SW
storm signals have been ordered at all Puget
Sound and Washington ports. •
VICTORIA. 1 " Jan 12— Br stmr Danube arrived
Jan 11 and reports stmr City of Topeka. pre
viously reported ashorfe." was floated Jan 4 and
taken to Juneau. , -.*:.>;.. -. ...:.
MEMORANDUM. - ' S"
Per stmr MariDOsa— On the cutward trio of
the Marlposa she beat her maiden trip from
San Francisco to Sydney by 15 hours 9 mln.
On homeward trip she was delayed at Auck
land 5 hours, waiting for malls; at Pago Pago
2H hours,, waiting for malls; at Honolulu 5»>4
hours, stevedores would not work; total lfi',4
hours delay. Deducting this she would have
made the time from Sydney In 26 days. Beat
her best time from Honolulu 2 hours 1 minute.
Average from Sydney 357.1 knots per day.
DOMESTIC PORTS.'- -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived -Jan 11— Stmr
Greenwood, from Greenwood.
PORT TOWN SEX D— Arrived Jan 12-Br stmr
Caithness, from Mororan; Br stmr Glenfarg,
from Klaochou; stmr • Senator, from Skaguay;
schr WInslow, from Salina Cruz.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 12-Schr Ethel Zane,
for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Luella, hnc
Jan 11.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Fred E
Sander. Irom Seattle.
Walled Jan> 12— Schr Lucy, for Umpqua.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Jan S. . ¦ . . ,• •
Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Santor, from Skaguay
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived. Jan 12— Br stmr
Caithness, from Taku; Ger bark Antigone, from
Santa Rosalia.
United States Coast ' and ' Geo<letlc Survey-
Times and , Heights of High and Low
water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— The high ami low waters occur at the
city front CMlsMoir-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
hrlght of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 13,
President '¦ C. " M.:- Hays of the Southern
Pacific Railroad . \ Company ; be ten
dered a'; j-eception "• by the of
Commerce at 3 p.m. next Tuesday. Pre
ceding the reception the: organization will
hold its flfty,-flrst , annual e meeting, when
the usual annual; reports? will be presents
ed. WUUam M. y ; Bunker,, who has Just re
turrted i from a ; trip ! around the /world, will
deliver, an ' address fonl "The Certainties of
Our Trade '"With -Asiatic Siberia." A cor
dial invltatlonJs; extended to all commer
cial organizations and the public generally
to bo present at the reception to Mr.
Hays. -...-¦: ¦--*•¦ .¦ - ,.¦¦; •¦•,--;¦..•%¦ -¦/¦.« ¦¦ • .
Reception to President Hays.
The. Board of 'Public Works submitted
to the Supervisors yesterday an amended
ordinance prescribing standard specifica
tions for street work, so as to Include as
phalt In the -^materials sused | on s_the road
ways of 'accepted and unaccepted streets
In addition. to bitumen and wooden pave
ments. ;¦
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists,'; 60c flask. Richards & Co.,'406 Clay. •
At the challenge sale of furniture and car
pets. •
Single door portieres, elppant shadea,
heavy five-eighths cord, $3 75; challenge
price $2 75
Double door Fame style, $6 00; challenge
price $3 75
Double door pcrtleres, fine chenille, chal
lenge price.. .; .$3 7.5
Single door, same style, were $4 00; chal
lenge price .....$2 75
' Single door portieres, rich Oriental col
orings, heavy cords, $5 50; challenge price
Double door portieres. French "designs',
were $9 and $10; challenge price... $5 (X)
At the Pattosien Company,, Sixteenth
and Mission streets. . •
Asphalt Now in Specifications.
Elegant Portieres Offered Cheap
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
vessel as to characteristics of lights, fog sig
nal or r^neral appearance.
The following affects the "List of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacific Coa«. -lSOO":
V.'Illapa Bay, main channel across the bar
and up the Wlllapa itlver, paxes 61 and S3.
Vi'lllapa Bay. outside bar whistling buoy—
This black and white perpendicularly striped
Ffeond-class whistling buoy, marked "Willapa
Bay" in white. repori*»i as having gone adrift
on December £3, 1900. was. replaced in position
on January 6, 1901. - ; * *
Willapa Bay, outer buoy — This black and
white perpendicularly striped first-class can
buoy, marked "W. . B.'' in whlte^ reported aa
having gone adrift on December 23, 1S00, was
replaced in position on January 6, 1901.
Admiralty Inlet. Washington — Point Hudson
Spit buoy No. 2, pa?t» 71. a red second-class
Ic3. reported as having gone adrift on De
cember 7. 1900. was replaced in position on
January 4, 1501. - , -• ¦• • ¦• ¦ -
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
?
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
: : • '• ' Saturday. January 12.
Stir.r MariooBa, Rennie, 21 days 11 hours 6
minutes frcm Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 17
ho-jrs 59 minutes. *
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. 8 days from Port
land, via Coc« Bay.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. IS hours from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 12.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Etmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; O R &
N Co.
Nor stmr Pedersen. Chemainus: R Dunstnulr
Br stmr Stratiigyle, Gordon. Seattle; Cal &
O S S Co. '
Br ship Alcinous. MacCormaie. Queenstown;
Glivln & Eyre.
Bark Guy C Goes, Gilmore, Vancouver; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
SAILED.
Saturday, January 12.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Navarro. Peterson. Bowens Landing:.
Stmr Newsboy. Ohlstrom. Caspar. •, ..-
' KAHUI.UT— Arrived Dec 23— Bktn Quickstep,
from Everett..-- ¦ » - »
„ EUREKA— Sailed Jan 11— Stmra Alliance and
South. Coast, for San Francisco. ;
Arrived Jan ; 13— Stmrs ¦: Santa Anaf and Eu
reka, hence Jan 11.. - i
Sailed "Jan 12— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
¦ HONOLULU— Arrived Jaa 2— Chil . bark Alta,
irom Newcastle. Aus. Jan 3— Stmr.Zealandia,
lience Dec: 26. . " . ¦. w
• Called Jan 4— Br stmr Klntuck.: for Manila.
_PORT ; LOS ANGELES-Salled Jan 12-Stmr
I^ n .^? od> fOr San Francisco. -. ¦ :/
OrRA\S HARBOR— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for _ San Pedro. -¦
, :' -EASTERN PORTS. - .•'.¦'
tF&^F HENRY-Passed Jan 11-Shlp Henry
B JU$? > from Baltimore, for San- Francisco.
NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 12-Stmr Ha
-walian." from: Chester.- " ¦¦¦•¦-:
- FORKIGX PORTS." ¦¦-.".
_NETrVCASTLE, : NSW-Sailed Dec 8-Br ship
R^ r °L Garf y- ; I>*o 3-Bark Hayden .Brown.
Dec 5— Bktn Ghas F Crocker, for Honolulu. Jan
7— Fr bark Duplex, for San Francisco. Dec 10—
2^i k Flan ta8i. Dec 13— Schr Muriel. Dec 14
— bnip Janves Drummond, for Honolulu. D«>o
li— Br shin Housomont; Br ship ¦ Di-ummuir,
(?. r u S . a - n ,? tanc!sco - fI>e c 20-Bktn Addenda, for
Klhel. Dec 21— Selir Transit, for Honolulu.
Cleared Dec 22— Fr bark Commandant Mar
cnand, for San Francisco; schr Lymari D Fos
ter, for Kahului. ¦ ¦ . • ¦
In port Dec 22-Ger bark Anna, Br ship Arra
can. Ft bark Brenn.- Br, barks Inverjrarry and
Inverneill, Fr bark Jeanie Guillon. Br ship Port
Crawford, for San Francisco: ship Emily Reed,
bktn Encore, ship M P Grace, achr Olsa, bark
Palmyra, bark Sonoma, ehip Star of Bengal,
for Honolulu.
TRES MARIAS-Sailed Deo 2^-Br!e Plt
calrn, for San Francisco.
SYI>XKY— Sailed Dec ; 20-Nor ) bark Passe
partout, for Honolulu.
- Arrived Dec 2— Ship Abner Coburn, from Port
Blakeley. Dec 8— Schr Defiance, from Victoria.
Dec 5— Bktn Newsboy, from Port Gamble. Jan
11— Stmr Sierra, hence Dec 13: Br bark Woolah
ra, • from Eureka: . schr Admiral, from Port
Gamble. • : ¦ v ¦
MELBOtTRNE— Arrived Nov 19— Bark Hesper,
from Chemainus. ; Nov 27-Bark Louisiana,
from Puget Sound. Nov 20— Bktn Omega, from
Grays: Harbor.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Nov 20— Bark
Blgr Bonanza, from Tacoma. Dec S— Shlo J B
Thomas, from Chemainus.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Xov 19— Arrived Nov
Id— Ship Halclutha. from Port Blakeley.
FREMANTLE— Arrived Dpc 11— Ship Agenor.
from Tacoma. Dec 10— Schr Robert Searles,
from Port Blakeley; Br bark Thistle, from Pu-
Set Sound.
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 12-Jap stmr Nippon
Maru, for San Francisco.
X AN AIMO— Arrived Jan 1^-Br Btmr Milton,
from Vladivostok.
Sailed Jan 12-Stmr Mineola, for Port Los
Angeles. i
FALMOUTH-Sailed Jan 12-Ger ship Robert
Rickmers, for Hull.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Dec 27— Br stmr Athen
ian, for Seattle.
SHANGHAI-Salled Jan 6— Br ship Forrest
Hall, for Portland. Or.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York. <
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 12-Stmr Taurtc.
from New York. .
.Stmr Etrurla, from New York.
Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Campania, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Weimar, for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 12— Stmr L'Aqultalne, for
for New York. . -^
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Umbria.
from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan . 12— Stmr Servla. for Liverpool;
stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam; stmr Cap Frio,
for "Hamburg: stmr K&lserln Maria Theresa,
for Naoles, etc; *tmr HefDerla, for Mediter
ranean ports: stmr Furnesla, for Glasgow.
Arrived Jan 12-Stmr La ' Champagne, from
Havre.
Beats Her Own Time to Australia and Comes In Ate ad of tine Zealamidlk
Whach Saileil IFrom Hoira^
HE mall steamship Mariposa came
j I into port ¦with flying colors yester
j I <Ja y. She was two days ahead of
II time and both passengers and crew
were delighted with the trip. Cap
tain James Rennle *ays that had It not
been for delays at Auckland, Pago Pago
and Honolulu he would have beaten all
records. As it is the steamship made the
run from Sydney. N. B. \\~., in the actual
sailing: time cf 2<i days IS hours and 36
minutes.
On the outward trip the Mariposa beat
her maiden record by over fifteen hours.
On the homeward run she was delayed at
Auckland five hours, waiting: for the mail
at Pag-o Pago. Samcf., nearly three hours
and at Honolulu over nine hours. At the
latter port the delay was caused by the
stevedores refusing to work at night.
From Honolulu the Mariposa beat her
j-revious record by over two hours.
During the run from Australia the Mar
iposa averaged a -little , over 357 knots a
day. while the best run" of the trip was
SC5 fcnats knots made in 23 hours 32 min
utes, just before the t'arallones were
reached.
The following cabin passengers came up
en the Maripofa:
From fytfney— F. P. West. P. D. C&llaghan.
Miss Ptsxle Ptckcrfnc
From Aurklana— Holbrook Gaskell. Dr. J.
Crawford. Enoch Bond, Professor J. G. Black.
Mis* I. Munro, E. A. £anrord.
From Honolulu— Hon. H. D. Thompson. J. W.
Keystone. I>r. A. E. alack. Morris Ilyman. F.
C. Smith. C. K. Srcllh. C. H. I^ymt-erg. R. A.
F.ufeseM. N. Brown. John F. Talra&gf, Mr. and
Mrs. K. V»n<.«, Mrs. A. Landers. Mrs. J. U.
Frarier. Mrs. J. J. H«-ndrick*. Mre. F. AV.
Macfarlane. E. C. 51ccfar!an*. Mrs. M. Al
<5rtch. Helra Alflrich, n«"rnic« Aldrlch. Arnold
Aldrich, Swinton AWrich. E. B. Adams, H.
Coalan. J. KyJer. Mr. and Mrs. J. Kurkamp,
iliss P. S;m:r.cns, Mrs. F<>x, M'.ss Claire Fex.
There was in the mail steamer's cargo !
forty boxes of specie valued at over
51.000.000. This will be minted into United
Stales $20 gold pieces.
The Mariposa left Honolulu after the
Zsalandia. but the latter vesnel has not
yet reached port. She will be in early
this morning. The chances are that the
Mariposa will go out on the Zealandia's
run to Honolulu on January 18. while the
Zealandia may go on a Central American
run. The n^w mail boat Sonoma will take
the Marinosa's run to Hawaii, Samoa,
I\"ew Zealand and Australia.
NEWS OF THE OCEAU. ,
Lonirshoremen at Outs
There are two longshoremen's unions,
and what one does is not countenanced by
the other. Union No. 1 insists on a scale
cf K cents an hour and is backed up in
its demands by the teamsters and coal
phovelers. I'nion No. 2 is willing to allow
its men M> work for 40 cents an hour, and
this is the rate paid on the Mail dock,
transport wharf. Oceanic dock and by the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company. Un
ion No. 2 is backed by the Sailors* Union,
and lately when the Hyadrs came in the
<d-e<?nt men sot the job and the others
were left out in the cold. The men have
ccme to the conclusion that there Is no
rise in cutting each other's throats, so a
conference of both branches of the long
ghorempn. the teamsters, coal Phovelers
t>nd sailors is to be held in Sailors' Union
Ksil to-day in order to discuss the matter.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The American bark G»-y C. (Joss cleared yes
terday for Vancouver with C19 ton* Cumber
land coal, valued et JT.T0.
Mining Supplies for Chemainus.
The co!li»r Tfllus cleared yesterday for Che
rnafnus with the following mining Fupplien,
vaJi*ed at JSOO: 300 f^et fteel rope. 200 lbs
metal uast*» I hart, irrn 1 rfr^dfirer l>uckf»t.
Shinment of Wheat
The British ehip Alcinous cleared yesterds
for Cork for orders with 53. IPs otlB wh»j
vaJued ct t35,S r^. and 1T.C00 ft 'lumber as dur
nage valued at J-'-'-".
Notice to Mariners
COAPT OF WASHINGTON.
TCot'.c* is hereby civen of the following
changes Ja the ald« to navigation In this dis
trict:
The fo'.lo'w-jr.s affects the "LiM of Lights and
Fog SIetm-Ik. Pacific '""oayt, 1?00." p&£e 22. No.
145. (List of Beacons ana Buoys, Pacific Coast,
1KKT")-
Umatllla. Reef Litrht \>fs»1 No. €7— This v««b
fp!, which, on December 15. 1900. broke adrift
from her etailon abwit 24 miles SW. % \V.
from VraaliUa Re*>r (FUttery Uockf). making
off from Cape Alava. Washington, and about
4V» mile* •west-fouth'Hwt^rly from the cape,
was replaced on her station on January 8,
1S0L
The temporary oil ilphts which were In use
en this vessel have b.-en replaced by the per
manent oil lanterns intend^ for her. and
which will rive a better and more reliable
licht than heretofore, but in consequence of
the height at which t!.ey are displayed being
lessened the distance at which they can be
teen will be somewhat reduc^l.
No other change has been made in the light
A set of questions drafted by the City
Engineer was furnished Schussler eo that
he could study, them over and be. ready
to answer them when the Supervisors
meet, next -week; to discuss' the water
rates.
All attempts on the part olvReed to get
Schussler to tell how much in excess of
$30,000,000 . he thought the plant worth
failed. He promised, however* to produce
at the next session, showing how
he arrived at the valuation given by him.
"I don't want to. discourage the scheme
of the city having its own- waterworks,"
said he, "for I favor municipalownership
of public utilities. But when the city buys
a wattrworks, the Supervisors want to be
sure to buy the rignt one. Had the city
bought the Spring Valley .works, at the
time it offered $11,000,000 for the plant it
would have been a good investment. But
the company would -not sell for that
amount and since then J17.000.000 has been
expended in improvements and purchase
of property. Much of the property has
greatly appreciated in value, and . as I
said before the works are now worth
more than J30.000.000. Why don't you gen
tlemen appoint a committee to confer with
a committee from the directors of, the
company? The Spring Valley Company
Js -willing to sell to the city and I am sat
isfied that a trade can soon be made.- Our
people'are as anxious to sell as the city is
to buy. - If you don't want the entire
plant let there be an arbitration commit
tee appointed. Then throw out what you
don't want and pay a fair -price for the
balance. The works can with small cost
be made to furnish twice the present sup
ply of water and you can never talk of
San Francisco having too much water.
I predict that" within the next twenty
five years the will have grown so
large that the reservoirs at presenfused
for storage purposes will be used as dis
tributing reservoirs.'-'
"What valuation do you place on the
Spring Valley Water Company as a
whole?" asked Supervisor Reed.
"I think its value is in excess of $30,
000,000,"- answered the witness. 1
"The use of electricity in the city," said
Mr. Schussler, "has caused but very lit
tle damage to the cast iron pipes. In only
one instance has any of the larger mains
been damaged by the laying of under
ground electric light and power wires."
In reply to a question asked by Mayor
Phelan, Schussler said that he did not
think that there was any leakage in the
pipes laid under the bay. He thought,
however, that their inside diameter nad
been reduced probably 10 per cent by sedi
ment, since they were laid in 18S7. He said
it is the intention of the company to lay
another pipe line across the bay during
the coming summer. Taking everything
into consideration, Schussler was of the
opinion that an annual allowance of 1 per
cent on the cost of construction of the
works* would be fair and cover all deteri
oration. ' . • . ¦
The Spring - Valley "Water Company Is
willing to sell its plant to the city. Chief
Engineer Schussler so informed the Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon and added
that he thought the matter could be
speedily arranged if a committee was ap
pointed to confer with the directors of the
company. The statement was mad© by
Schussler while being examined as a wit
ness at the investigation being made pre
paratory to, the ( fixing of the water rates
for the coming fiscal ' year. Engineer
Schussler, who is suffering from a heavy
cold, said that he attended the meeting in
disobedience of the orders" of his phy
sician, upon a promise being made him by
Supervisor. Reed that he would be al
lowed to fully answer all questions' asked
him without interruption. Several times
during the 1 examination he complained
that Supervisor Reed was attempting to
put wrong answers into his mouth and
place him in a false light. Keed, who
conducted the examination, first wanted
to k.mnv If the witness considered that all
of v the expenses of the company should
come out of the water rates charged.
Schussler replied that he did and added
that when the city owned its water works
the Supervisors would learn the necessity
cf having a fund for expenses, and con
tinuing, he said that he believed that an
annual allowance of 2V& per cent for de
terioration on wrought iron pipes and 1
per cent on the pumping stations would
be fair. The dams, tunnels and reservoir*
are so constructed that the deterioration
on them was lnflnitesimally , small, he
said.
*. *
Says Corporation v Is : as Anxious
t to - Dispose of Its Plant
as the City Is
Chief v Engineer Schiissler
Asks Supervisors to Meet
iDirectors.
WATER COMPANY
READY TO SELL
STEAMER MARIPOSA MAKES THE RECORD
RUN FROM SYDNEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
Gustave Miller,; a'; carpenter, while at
work in" the reconstruction; of a store
building: on Ellis street;' between Stock
ton and Powell, met with a serious
accident yesterday.: Miller ; was on a
8tagine ; Tabolit ' twenty -feet from the
Kround, which' pave way under ' him.' In
falling: he landed on" both his heels.' The
bones of both. feet at the ankle joints were
broken. After being treated by Dr. Dorr
af.the Receiving Hospital Miller was* re
moved to his home at 438^ Sixth street. t;
Carpenter. Seriously, Injured.
NOTE-^In the ' above exposition of the' tides
the early morning tides are given ; in . the left
hand I column and the ¦ successive tides of j th»
day in the order of occurrence , as to time of
day." the third time column gives the last tide
of the day." except when* there -are. but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given*
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States. Coast' Survey charts.* except when a
minus sign ¦<—): precedes the: height, and : then
the number «rfven in subtracted from the depth
given 1 .' by the charts. The- plane of reference
is the mean of the i^wer low waters. " __
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
22
Steamer.
_l
Destination.
lls. I Plei
. — .__ _- .
Jan nary 13, '
Arcata. ....... Coos Bay
Columbia Portland
Santa Rosa... San Diego
January 14. |
Alliance Portld & Coos Hay
\V. Kruper... Grays - Harbor
North Fork... Humboldt
January IS.
Pomona Humboldt
Arsro... :'.-..... Coquille River
Kobt. Dollar. Seattle
Bonlta.... Newport
Mandalfy...... Coquille , River......
- - r ¦ ~- - • . January 16.
Eureka....-:.. Humboldt '.:'......•..
Queen......... San- Diego. .'.....'..'.
Gaelic........". China and Japan..
Czarina....... Seattle & Tacoma.
Walla Wai... Victoria & Pgt Sd.
. January 17.
Empire Coos Bay ;
Coronado Grays Harbor......
Rainier... Seattle & N What.
January IS.
Corona Newport
/.•¦nl.imiia Honolulu
Newport Panama & WayPts
O. \y. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Jannnry 19.
Point Arena.. Point Arena.
— —
10 amJPier 13
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 20
5 pm Pier IS
9 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 9
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
8 am Pier 11
9 am Pier, 2
9 «m Pier 1.1
9 am Pier U
1 pm PMSS
'5 pm Pier S
11 am Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
I 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 13
Mandalajr Coqullle River Jan. 13
Zealandla ;..... Honolulu ................ Jan. IS
Queen San Diego........ Jan. 1J
Bonlta Newport Jan. 13
Tltanla Nanaimo Jan 13
Argo Coqullle River.... Jan! U
Victoria... Oyster Harbor Jan. 13
Rainier......... Seattle j a n! 14
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan'* 14
Eureka ..Humboldt jan 14
Progjreso..-. Tacoma Jan.' 14
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Jan 14
O. W. Elder... Portland Ian 15
Hvades Seattle j an ' jc
Pomona Humboldt Jan' 16
Empire... Coos Bay . Jan : l«
Corona Newport Jan. 16
UmatiUa Victoria & PugPt Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan.....:.. Jan 17
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan' 17
Santa Rosa..... Pan DIcro ...;.......... jan 17
Arc&ta- Coos Bay .' Jan! 17
waBhtenaw.... Tacoma- .Jan 17
Acapulco Panama &¦ Way Ports. Jan 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City (Jan. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. ..|jan. 20
North Fork.... Humboldt |Jan. 21
Run rises
Sun sets ;........
Moon rises ....".....'. '........
.0 :55 'i
.7:25
.5:12
. m.
O Time '¦•¦ ¦ Time ¦ ¦ Time
- » Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• H W L -W -¦:¦ U W
13... 6:39 5.3 12:30 1 1.3 7:02 3.D
U ... 6:20 6.4 1:2S 0.9 8:15 3.7
- " L. W H-W ,' . I, W
15... 0:27 2.7 7:00 B.B 2:10 0.4
1« ... 1:23 2.8 7:43 G.6 '2:54 0.0
17... 2:15 2.9 8:26 6.8 3:34 -0.41
18... S:0« 3.0 9:10 6.0 4:141—0.71
19 ... • 3:5<| 2.8J 9:56] »6.0| 4:52|— 0.9j
|Tt».|
L W
11:31
I....' I
U XV
9:15
10:06
I 10:49
I 11:23
Ft.
2.4
I."....
I
4.0
4.3
4.5
I.'. .... I
| ."....
Steamer.
_l
Destination.
lls. I Plei
. — .__ _- .
Jan nary 13, '
Arcata. ....... Coos Bay
Columbia Portland
Santa Rosa... San Diego
January 14. |
Alliance Portld & Coos Hay
\V. Kruper... Grays - Harbor
North Fork... Humboldt
January IS.
Pomona Humboldt
Arsro... :'.-..... Coquille River
Kobt. Dollar. Seattle
Bonlta.... Newport
Mandalfy...... Coquille , River......
- - r ¦ ~- - • . January 16.
Eureka....-:.. Humboldt '.:'......•..
Queen......... San- Diego. .'.....'..'.
Gaelic........". China and Japan..
Czarina....... Seattle & Tacoma.
Walla Wai... Victoria & Pgt Sd.
. January 17.
Empire Coos Bay ;
Coronado Grays Harbor......
Rainier... Seattle & N What.
January IS.
Corona Newport
/.•¦nl.imiia Honolulu
Newport Panama & WayPts
O. \y. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Jannnry 19.
Point Arena.. Point Arena.
— —
10 amJPier 13
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 20
5 pm Pier IS
9 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 9
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
8 am Pier 11
9 am Pier, 2
9 «m Pier 1.1
9 am Pier U
1 pm PMSS
'5 pm Pier S
11 am Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
I 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 13
Mandalajr Coqullle River Jan. 13
Zealandla ;..... Honolulu ................ Jan. IS
Queen San Diego........ Jan. 1J
Bonlta Newport Jan. 13
Tltanla Nanaimo Jan 13
Argo Coqullle River.... Jan! U
Victoria... Oyster Harbor Jan. 13
Rainier......... Seattle j a n! 14
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan'* 14
Eureka ..Humboldt jan 14
Progjreso..-. Tacoma Jan.' 14
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Jan 14
O. W. Elder... Portland Ian 15
Hvades Seattle j an ' jc
Pomona Humboldt Jan' 16
Empire... Coos Bay . Jan : l«
Corona Newport Jan. 16
UmatiUa Victoria & PugPt Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan.....:.. Jan 17
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan' 17
Santa Rosa..... Pan DIcro ...;.......... jan 17
Arc&ta- Coos Bay .' Jan! 17
waBhtenaw.... Tacoma- .Jan 17
Acapulco Panama &¦ Way Ports. Jan 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City (Jan. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. ..|jan. 20
North Fork.... Humboldt |Jan. 21
Run rises
Sun sets ;........
Moon rises ....".....'. '........
.0 :55 'i
.7:25
.5:12
. m.
O Time '¦•¦ ¦ Time ¦ ¦ Time
- » Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• H W L -W -¦:¦ U W
13... 6:39 5.3 12:30 1 1.3 7:02 3.D
U ... 6:20 6.4 1:2S 0.9 8:15 3.7
- " L. W H-W ,' . I, W
15... 0:27 2.7 7:00 B.B 2:10 0.4
1« ... 1:23 2.8 7:43 G.6 '2:54 0.0
17... 2:15 2.9 8:26 6.8 3:34 -0.41
18... S:0« 3.0 9:10 6.0 4:141—0.71
19 ... • 3:5<| 2.8J 9:56] »6.0| 4:52|— 0.9j
|Tt».|
L W
11:31
I....' I
U XV
9:15
10:06
I 10:49
I 11:23
Ft.
2.4
I."....
I
4.0
4.3
4.5
I.'. .... I
| ."....
Miss McNicoll's ¦ High Percentages.
- Miss 8. * W. McNlcoll , who scored 'the
high percentages of 99 and 95*4 under civil
service examinations, ». was ; appointed i by
the Board 'of • Fire ; Commissioners? to -'the
office i of secretary , of the ; Firemen's I Pen-
sion Fund at its meeting yesterday. > Miss
McNicoIl's I record i is , the ihighest .; yet ; se-
cured ; by any or i the ' many • applicants for
municipal positions. ; - -. ¦-, ¦¦:¦:-* :¦,'-¦ : : ..?-
" Dr. f J. ' S." : Potts i is ' pr-tldent ) of : the > Vesuvius
OH Co., 401*Parrott building. Better buy some
of the etock before 'they strike oil; 40 centM. #i
1 y EXPERT OPTICIAN.
AMERICA'S MOST HiT
—EYE AND EAR SURGEON!—
DR. WM. F. CATHCART.:
Confers the 'Highest Honors and Awards a
Diploma to.
MR. GEO. MAYERLE,
THE GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. V:«
The American College of Ophthalmology sends
the following letter: ,. -
GEORGE MAYERLE-Dear Sir: Thelaculty
Is highly pleased with the . SPLENDID 11 AN-
NER in which "you have succeeded In passing
th* examination.-: You have been ¦ awarded di-
ploma conferring: ; the Doctor of. Ophthalmology
Degree. The faculty , considers that you . fully
merit this hljth, honor, as the examinations im-
posed were of . such " character as to thoroughly
determine your fitness to follow the noble pro-
fession you ' have ! chosen."' .Very trtlly yours '
¦J AVILLIAM F. CATHCART. M. D..'
. s. --. ¦ s /President..
. Neglected Eyesight. Affects, the Brain. -
Mayerle's Glasses Are Now Used by the ' High-
est 1 . U.?, S. > Army,. Navy; and . Govern- - .
.,¦ ' J, ,ment Officials.
GEORGE; JWAYERLE^
• German Expert Optician., Charter Member ¦
-: - American. Association of Opticians '•?¦' - ;
107U MARKET STREET^
- (Opposite' Hlbernla Bank). ¦".•"¦ "-^ -5
Consultation. Examination and Advice Free *"
. OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 9. ¦;'-**V'
GERMAN EYEWATER^ ' "';' 50 CENTS
'(See City Directory for Eye' Specialists.)'- V\
- this 'out. ¦;¦¦¦.•.¦';••
uynlilxtlyi
PORTIERES,
RIIRTAINS
As we find we are laraelu" overstocked in the
above Four Departments,. we will, coramencinci
MONDAY, Januaru 14th, arid continuing for
two weeks, offer large Quantities of above ooods
at SPECIAL LOW PRICES.
FIVE SPECIMEN VALUES.
7 Cases FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA 1 BLANKETS, full
; size and. extra weight. \
; Reduced to $4.00 Pair.
9 Cases-PRINTED SNOWFtAKE. COMFORTERS, extra
. size. and yerij.handsome designs.
Reduced to $1.25 Each.
225 Pairs NEW TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with heavo
i fringes, full lenatn and width.
Reduced to $2.75 Pair.
300 Pairs WHITE AND ECRU LACE CURTAINS, In Fish-
net, Saxonu and Madras Net. \ —
Reduced to $2.00 Pair.
45 eiderdown comforters, full sizes, with hand-
someFrench Printed Sateen Covering.
Reduced to $4.50 Each.
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD SEE THESE GOODS
WITHOUT DELAY.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
HG6 Market Street. . |
TELEPHONE SOUTH 472. ' H
•^^ We cn des'r- i
* ous of increas- |
ing oarproiuc- 1
A^Awi tion o! Fine |
//\nh a " or " Made §
Y/'rvP Suits. We aim to I
W ( ' V pradDse a salt I
*\ I ¦ I at a moderate I
tV I / price sitlsfac- 1
V I tori In style. 1
S0. \ material : .and. H"
s/*^^^ workmanship. |
W^^0^M\ the; fol- I
lowing material; to select from.- 1
NEW CHEVIOTS, - -. U
NEW PEBBLE CLOTHS, R
NEW BROADCLOTHS, 0
NEW VENETIANS, , - K
NEW B
NEW CLAY SERGES.. g
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. |
,^i NEW STYLES
Straight -Front
m, corsets.
/ e**"^^^3l Sapphire,. Bonton and
I A^TffT^ Royal Wo -cesters.
VvNivV^ PHICZ3: $100 to $15.C0
V\^\w/\ P«pair. •
rWm 6 GEARY ST..
// A CORNER KEARNY.
i^d\ [-1 CHESTER F.WRIGHT.
A^HS^A • Ro >' a ' -Worcester ' Coracg-
.•..., . Fitting Parlors.
SPECIAL JAKnART SALE IT $ Tia PAIR.
Fine lot. some 2000 pairs of new shapes.
Many of them are slightly soiled samples
Just received .from the Chicago wholesale
department. be cleared out at $1 a
pair during thla month.
30 Days Only, |
% *F DISCOUNT I
on Alt Plate*, Crown* and
; ' w.it'.'. " Brldiicwork. ' - • "
tFillinfts, 80c Crowns, $3.50
Plates, $3.00 Full 6et
..CHICAGO DENTAL'PARLORS. ;
j,-: •;•¦.' : 24j Sixth Street.;:
1^ "PATS' NTS; 1
"Vs^'330 MARKET bT.SJ.^jS^l
J CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIMIS. #
j BEDROOM SDITE }
/Of 3 pieces- Beautiful . Golden - Ash. \
/ Reduced this week to.... CQQ.JIO #
, / It's been a. long time since such a M
bargain has been offered. f^
J THE J.NOONAN)
> FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. \ |
.A 1017-1023 MISSION STREET \
C - Above 6lb, San Francisco. /
J|L. PHONE-SOUTH li. j\
RENOWNED IRAN COLLECTION "
Of New York Consolidated
Company's
ORIENTAL Hi 11^^
AT PEREMPTORY
Auction
' MONDAY, JANUARY 14,
LjJ AND DAILY AT 11 A. M. AND 3 P. M. ;
308 JuTTEn ST., IWGranta™
Most Beautiful Rues Ever Seen \
WILL BE SOLD OUT WITHOUT RESERVE.
By Order of B. H. PAUL. Manager.
FRAXK W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
(ST. GERMAIN BILLIARD COMPANY,
Formerly JACOB STRAHLE & Ca.
Established 1352.
409 KAaXST STUEIT. SAN nUNCI3C0.
f| ¦ Manufacturers * of
y Standard Billiard and Pool Tables,
§3 l**er and Steam Beer Puznpa.
M Billiard Tables on Installments or
H ' ' Rented.
DR.M9NULTY:
THIS WKLL-KXOW5T AND RRLIABLE OLD
¦ i. SpeclaI!stc«rw*Bloofl Poison. <Jonorrhrea,GleeE,
stricture, H^niliixl WnUnesi, Impotence and their
-allied Oitorclers. Hook on Diseiwes of Men. fre«.
Orera)yeaM'rxp*r i eiice.Term<» reasonable. Honr%
3to3da!;y;G:.?Oto8.3<W'K%*!"irf:\vO f >toi;.t>n:ui!-
tatlonlreeand sacredly confldentiat (Tall Oi* address
P. ROHCOK 2IcXCI.TY. M.'D.
26KKearnyKU SaQFrantUco»CaL
1 DDTTCUI7Q for barbers, bak-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanrers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
. BUCn A.N AN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento S4
F^^mJ^P TRIED AND | jf S^|f£f4
if r^V£^| It's -iinfaddble. We'll .O^).
//( *J% *\\ J guarantee it; we'll stand \ Bargain Feast
i\"\i * i* ' iSWil back of it. Rairb or shine, \ • i^?s^ At-so-Qfll
-ik JQ ' I III/ lt/ s always that rich, ' >T^ w-m?Ttr
iufllpO ES'w ¦ -ROYAL BLUE \hL^ easily $5.50
V\vlwWr W SERGE t tailored to the . h./^^^Ai That swell wi-n-
%r vm\imtspXm^Kfaas^/ top notch of fashion .in %^ ' r* tin
wllfl^Pfr eitIier st7 J le '°f mit > s ™£*i y ' ' W^£"M
vt'ii'lP pa or double breasted sach. |fe 3 * <* r o «4 B'ue Serge Che-
TJ \ l| \ Room Monday, I l|| V-Wf" emblem on, theher father, whose" name -was Mason, ft A
sister of Mrs. Underhill was married to a
Mr. Dunning, who died suddenly. Mrs.
Virginia Dunning, the widow, shortly aft
erward went to Europe and died j in Lon
don from brain, fever. ' Before ( her death
Mrs. Dunning made a will, in 'which she
left the sum of $50,000 to ~ her sister; Mrs.
Underhill.
The husband of : Mrs. Underhlll was in
business. In) San Francisco, and his wife
had an independent fortune left her by
On December .31, 1895.' suit was filed by
Mrs. Underhlll against Watt in the Su
perior Court of San Francisco to recover
the amount of the note of $2326 3S. the sum
of $1375 on the three dishonored drafts and
for $600 collected by Watt for Mrs. Under
hlll. The firm of Allen & McAllister and
Isaac Prohman acted as attorneys for
Mrs. Underhill. and Watt filed -a general
demurrer to the suit. Neither side to the
litigation has since made any move In the
case. : • .. ¦ •'¦ ". .
The charge " made "by Mrs. Underhlll
against Watt as to the manner in which
he secured the. sum of $30,000 . from her,
ostensibly, to .Invest :in a Chicago, busi
ness, covers a period *of' many years. . " •
In answer to a letter from Mrs. Under
hlll, the firm of • Laidlaw & Co. on Sep
tember 22, 1893, returned the three drafts
to • her, and they are now in her posses
sion.
Drafts, James Alva Watt on American BanV
and Trust Co., ' San Francisco, $375, J5C0 and
$500. . ¦ '
MRS. .FANNIE A. UNDERHILI*. GOSHEX,
Jf. T. — Madam: The drafts you left with us
for collection have been returned to us unpaid."
Kindly return us our receipt and remit $1 to
cover charges and -we will *end drafts to you.
Respectfully •; ' I-.AIDL*AW & CO..
Per James Latdlaw.
The. following letter told Mrs. Underhlll
how the drafts had been received by the
bank bn which they were drawn:
OFFICE OF L,AIDI,AW ft; CO.
14 Wall Btreet, New York.
August 29, 1893.
These checks were" dated San Francisco,
January 3, 1833, and were drawn by Watt
on the American Bank and Trust Com
pany of San Francisco in favor of : Mrs.
Fannie A. . Underhill. ¦ Mrs. Underhlll re
ceived them at Goshen. N. Y., and sent
them later on to the office of Laidlaw &
Co.. 14 Wall street, New York City, for
collection. ¦ . . . ¦¦'
¦ Almost two years later "Watt gave this
mortgage to Mrs. Underhlll as ¦ security
for kls note for $2326 38.
In the fall of lS92,Mrs. Underhlll went
to New York State to visit relatives. She
expected certain remittances from "Watt,
consisting, she alleges, of money sent to
her bankers in San Francisco. What
ever correspondence passed between Mrs.
and Watt is immaterial, but It
resulted In Watt sending three checks to
her for $375, $T)00 and $500 respectively.
The, second mortgage and note given by
Watt to Mrs. Underhlll as security were
as worthless as the Rankin documents.
.The second set of papers were made by J.
Stadtfeld Jr. of Alameda In favor of
James Alva Watt, the note and mortgage
being for $1000. Investigation shows that
the 'mortgage is dated March 1, 18S9, and
was recorded iif Alameda County on the
same date in Book of Mortgages 307," page
360. At the request of Watt the mort
gage was released on November 6, 1890.
and was so recorded on November '12.
1890, in Book of Mortgages 352. page 351,
In the records of , Alameda County, the
document of release being witnessed by
Notary Harry J. Lesk. ~
. This ¦; mortgage, made on December 27,
1S88, and satisfied on September 29, 1800,
was given by Watt to Mrs. Underhlll In
January, 1892, as security on his note
for money loaned.
Harry J. Lask, the notary public, signed
the document as witness and also at
tached his acknowledgment.
presents witnesspth that the mortgage made
and executed by Sarah Rankin to James Alva
Watt, dated the 27th day of December. A. D.
1SSS. and recorded in the office of the Recorder
of the city and county of Pan Francisco, State
of California, on the 27th day of December, A.
D. 1SS8. in llbre 895 of mortRages, at page 367.
together . with the note thereby secured, ha*
been T"UIA*Y PAID. SATISFIED AND DIS
CHARGED. In witness -whereof I have here
with' set my hand and seal this 29th day of
September, A. D.. 1890.
JAMES ALVA WATT.
. . Shaughnessy unfortunately was a .little
too slow: with his"cet away" money, < as
Epstein returned Just as he was decamp
ing 1 ; with the goods. Shaughnessy was
taken back to the cigar store and after
he had placed the machine in its former
position he was placed . under arrest • by
Police Officer Beach and booked at the
Central police station on the charge of
Frank Shaugnnessy, who lives on Minna
Btreet, | devised a good way to beat the
nickel-ln-the-slot machine about 1 o'clock
this morning. He was passing the cigar
store at 737 Market street and finding that
Sam : Kpsteln, the proprietor,, had momen
tarily , left his ; stand, he decided that he
would walk off with the machine.
Jailed by Police Officer.
SHAXJGHNESSY ELOPES
. . ¦ WITH SLOT MACHINE
Is Overhauled by the Owner and
should commercial interests require such
"I recollect sticking on a hog's backVin
'51." said "Jake". -Neil, and there was a
general laugh. - • •
Colonel Heuer, continuing, stated h«
would npt recommend any action when he
made his report to the Government unless
the additional appropriation was granted.
"It would be like building a house with
out windows," he said. •
The resolution on conservation of wat
ers and forests was unanimously indorsed.
A resolution introduced by Arthur R.
Briggs of Fresno called forth'eome lively
opposition from Judge John. R. - Wri^h-.
Briggs had introduced a resolution indors
ing the course of the University of Cali
fornia and heartily recommending the pro
posed'legiElation in regard to the institu
tion. WP f^&*Wlfci&*'*™}\
¦ "Now, I think it. bad policy," • saM
Wright, "for this association to- indorse
any measure outside of. those immediately
relating to mininc-'" .' ' % " i ¦:.'¦*»*-'
After some discussion Briggs' resolution
went through. • T -:»-'.* ,_*-** -.»',
' A resolution will Introduced and adopted
to make the position of secretary to the
The principal matter to claim the atten
tion of the meeting of Uia directors of the
California Miners' AESOClation held in the
Union League Club last nigh* was the ad
ditional appropriation measure. An ap
propriation of $130,000 Is asked at the
hands of Congress to complete the work
of the Debris Commission In the construe
tlon of debris dams. At the last conven
tion a resolution of instruction was pre
pared asking for the appropriation. . Last
night Colonel Crane, A- Camlnettl and
Attorney General Ford were appointed a.
committee to prepare a Joint resolution to
be introduced both in the Legislature and
In Congress seeking the appropriation.
In this connection Colenel W. H. Heuer.
of the Engineer Corps and a member of
the United States Debris Commission,
xnade some interesting statements regard-
Ing the results of hydraulic mining. This
*ystei»«, he claimed, was not anything like
f* deleterious to the rivers of the State
*s it Is reported to be. He said he had
told Governor Gage that the Sacramento
River was navigable by Just as large ves
sels at the present time as it was in 1552
association a salaried one and fixing his
remuneration at (150 monthly.
ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATION BILL
DISCU55ED BY MINING DIRECTORS
various times airas of rrtoney aggregating
$30,000 for the vurpose of keeping the busi
ness In Chicago from going to ruin, and
that not a scrap of paper was ever given
by Watt to Mrs. Underhlll to phow that
he had invested .the money as he claimed
he had done.
The evidence now in tho possession of
Mrs. Underhill as to the worthless docu
ments which gave her as security
for the loans she made to him is of a na
ture that has pent many other men to the
penitentiary for long terms.
Watt's business relations with Mrs.
Underhilf date back to the '80s of.tho past
century, when Watt was retained as at
torney by her in divorce proceedings she
brought against her husband.' It was not
long after the retention of his services
by Mrs. Underhill that Watt began to
borrow money from her. "
On January 1, 1892, Watt gave Mrs. Un
derhill his note for $2326 38, the .note be
ing made for one day and to bear Interest
at 7 per cent until paid. Mrs. Underhill
says this money was loaned to Watt and
when she asked him for some security he
gave her two mortgages and two notes
from other parties made in Watt's, favor.
Mortgages are considered gilt-edged" se
curity by some persons and Mrs. Under
hlll Is one of these believers. The mort
gages and notes given by Watt as se
curity to Mrs. Underhill are now in her
possession.
Investigation shows that the mortgages
were absolutely worthless when they
passed from Watt's possession. One note,
and mortgage Is for $1000 and were made
in Watt's favor by Mrs. Sarah Rankin, a
widow, who resided In San Francisco.
The note and mortgage were made on De
cember 27, 18S8, the mortgage being re
corded In the Hall ot Records on the
samo date in Book of Mortgages S35, page
367.' Under date of September 20, 1830.
Book of Releases 157, page 254, at the Hall
of Records, reads as follows: -
James Aha Watt to Sarah Rank'.n: These
JAMDS ALVA WATT, a well
known attorney, v.ill shortly be
called upon to answer a most se
nous and long threatened charge
— the betrayal of the sacred trust
r^posfd in him by a woman cli
ent, who avers that by the deceit
practiced by Watt she has been defrauded
of nearly $35,000.
Watt's accuser Is Mrs. Fannie A. Under
hill. whose former husband was once a
prominent citizen of San Francisco. Mrs.
fn'lerhill for fome years has been un
able to prosecute her charges against
Watt owing* to the disappearance of her
fortune. Friends and relatives In the
Kast are now determined that the -wheels
of JUFtice. long clogged, snail be pet in
ir.otlon and that the looters of her for
tune shall be brought to bar and punished
to the full extent" of the law.
The charges made by Mrs. Underhlll
against Watt are numerous. One charge,
Eeemlngly backed up with the most con
vincing proof, la that Watt, knowing that
nis client, Mrs. UnderhiU. had as much
faith in him as she had In her physician
or her pastor, secured large loans from
her. giving therefor his note and turning
over to tier securities which, as investiga
tion prove?, were not worth the paper
they were written on, the worthless char
acter of these securities being, it Is
claimed, well known to Watt.
Another charge Is that Watt, having
certain money belonging to. Mrs. Under
bill in his possession and being requested
to remit the eame to the East, where the
la<3y was residing, sent her checks on a
Ean Francisco bank, which checks were
dishonored, as Watt had no funds to his
eccount in the Institution on which they
'vere drawn.
Another charp<> which Mrs. TJnderhlll
makes against Watt Is that while acting
es h'cr attorney he went to Chicago to in
vestigate a bu?!nefs concern there in
vhich Mrs. Underhill had Invested $20,009.
and that he incuccd her to send him at
'! Th'e retiring" president,'; W. A^Mlller/and
his successor, F. A. Somers. were heartily
The members of the San FranciscoHay,
Association, together with a large number
of Invited guests, • made -merry last" night
lit*-a fashionable '¦ downtown restaurant. 1
The regular, annual meeting, for the" elec
tion" of officers was held early In the even-'
Ing and at. Its /conclusion 'a banquet fol
lowed.- Covers "were -laid for 200 and ..there
was not ' a S va\ant': seat • at the table, v In
vitations* had been cxtended'to the prom
inent hay growers and' hay warehousemen
throughout the State "and* every section
wast represented.'-.- The* menu cards I were
artistically Sprinted : and '•¦ illustrated arid
wlir-be^ preserved: as . souvenirs by those
who had the good fortune tobe.the guests
of - : the ' association. *' A", string i orchestra
stationed at. theiend. of :. the" banquet hall
enlivened \ the occasion and i after . the : last
course there was spcechmaklng and, sing
ing,', the * guests ; and , members .'joining
heartily In . the choruses. . - , • ;
• A.'^SV. Scott. II. C. Somers. "W*. Fassett. S.
Blum. • S. Levlt, P. Stumpf. S. Adamson, E.
Berrlnser, J. H. Jones. J. Stettin*. D. J. Ring,
L.'Ghtelmetti. J. Christian. L. Meyer. P. A.
Somers. J. Eh-an, C. -Brldjceford. O. Graham.
H.-Jone*. R. P. Lathrop. P. Iwmlngs, E. B.
Koona, E. D. Fell. K, Wild*. F. P. Laut-r
was*er, E. Algeltlnger. H. Joost. M. Mullaney,
R. Cereghlno. E. Platb. H. Waterman. TV. D.
Randall. H. Stindt. A. Cinocchio. A. Pwrs, F.
Schmidt. H. Epplnger. G. Jenaen. S. Sellers,
W. C. Ordwajr. II. C. E1U*. O. Gutxker. G.
InK«rsoll. \V. B. Utter, H. Arendt. J. F. Me-
Ktnna, H. Dinkelman. J. G. Perata. A. Pllle
rrenl, 8. Lauder, S. Jaeoby, G. Beck. C. Bar
ton. J. Oandolfo. Fred'Smith. R. A. Bray. W.
Cerkel. P. Anap«cher. G. Cowie. N. Bullerdick.
B.~Go*cfcen. W. D.~ Hughes. E». X>. Bayer. W.
A. Miller, J. Carroll. J. CKeefe. G. B. Po
cesta. F. Gross. A. S. Kelson. 3. Walter, F.
Lamberton. F. Grant. H. Schnlken. I* Lynch.
8. Magner. S. Hewlitt. A. W. Scott. Jr... W.
Ostercnan. Joseph MagneT. T. E. Murphy. G.
Morrow. C. B. Bon. *\ Meblert. £>. Kcef e,
Frank Smith. -H. P. Wlneg&r. H. Trulsen, H.
Stokes. A. Hllborn, H. Pauscman. A. DepoaiL
F. Sick*. H. Alben. J. MatthleMO, J. K»*a
retiring president, who thanked the mem
bers for the many courtesies shown him
during hla term of office.
Among those present were:
cheered and their healths" drunk in bump
ers of wine. The entire programme was
elaborately prepared and nothing was left
'undone that might contribute. to the suc
cess of the affair. The thanks of the as
sociation were returned to Joseph Magner,
*F. A. Somers and GfeorgeP. Morrow, who
had ' : the arrangements * in hand 'and
brought the affair . to ' such a successful
and pleasant termination. ' - •"
'¦¦: The -business meeting took • but a few
minutes," as the following officers were
elected without any opposition: President,
F. A. Somers; vice president. Simon Ans
pacher; secretary,* Fred' Schmidt: direct
ors. Joseph Magner. .W. A. Miller, G. P.
Morrow, F. A. Somers and Simon Ans
pacner.' The Invited guests were nearly
all on * hand when 'the meeting adjourned
and. the. party, at 1 once proceeded to the
banquet hall. * • . „..
, 'i A. . W. Scott, who acted', as toastmaster,
extended a hearty welcome to all those
present and gave a . brief account , of his
recent Eastern > and European '¦ trip. . He
said that In his travels he had found no
place that^compared with California or
San Francisco. ' ;
The last speaker was W. A. Miller, the
Simon Anderson, the Humboldt Counts
hotel-keeper, who was convicted of man
slaughter for causing the death of .Thom
as Kehoe, by administering whisky .to him
ln'large quantities, was yesterday granted
a new trial . by the' Supreme Court. - ',.
¦The arrest and trial of Anderson created
quite a . sensation.'": In* April of. last year.
Kehoe, !who was a .wealthy ". man, , was
staying at Anderson's hotel. , He was {ak
en ill and Anderson acted ios* his • nurse.
It was charged:, that r Anderson, knowing
the critical i condition 'of f£ehoe- and with
a view, to getting, his money,; deliberately,
plied ' him : with -whisky. ¦/ The .evidence
showed that;" Anderson: presented to the
bank, check" for. $2000, : signed* by^Kehoe,
but" the bank -refused -to pay it. • .
¦ Friends of Kehoe learned that he was In
the hotel and had him -, removed to a hos
pital., where he died -on May '29. ~-Ander
son vwas arrested and , chanced -with I mur
der, and* after . a » sensational ? trial ; in , the
Superior Court he j was convicted 'of man
slaughter.'/ '^^^^^^
HIS WHISKY
KILLS, HE GETS
NEW TRIAL
HAY MERCHANTS AND THEIR QUESTS
ASSEMBLE AT THE BANQUET TABLE
belonged to her. > "Wltn" the* papers In. h«r
possession Mrs. Underhill then sought the
cervices of a prominent attorney _pf .this
city, and though that gentleman, went to.
Chicago in 1S35 .to' see If 'Watt' had placed
Mrs. UnderhiU's $30,000 in the business; of
Latham &' Co. the journey was "futile..
Firms of prominent attorneys In Chicago
also went' mto* the matter. 'but the vast
amount of correspondence that resulted
throws but little light on the* suhjecL
Watt is the only person who could. If
he were so disposed, clearly snow when
and where Mrs. Underbill's money went.
but he has for years remained stlent; al
though Mrs. Underhlll has accused 'him
of having made away with her fortune.
With the loss of her fortune Mrs.'Un
derhill sought the solace which only, lov
ing hearts could give her. With a- small
yearly Income from the estate left- to her
little ones she has lived In retirement in
the East.
were discounted by him In th» . "Windy
City. •
When Watt returned to San Francisco
after the Woxld.'s Fair he Informed Mrs.
iriic.fi hill that the Latham Company had
gone to pieces and that all her money hail
been lost in the wreck.
Appalled by this news Mrs. UnderhlU
sought the advice of friends, as other
transactions between her and Watt re
flected seriously on the attorney's In
tegrity.
Mrs. Underbill demanded an accounting
from Watt, but he laughed the matter of£
by saying that ho did not owe her any
thing and if he .was • indebted to her at
all the "claim was offset by'.his services
as her attornev. • .- • •" " ¦ "
When pressed for a settlement Watt did
not deny that he. was indebted to Mr3.
Underhlll. but defied her- to. secure any
thing from him by. legal proceedings. Ho
boasted that he had nothing and that ha
would not touch his wife's -fortune to sat
isfy. Mrs. Underhill or any other creditor.
Mrs. Underhill then demanded that
Watt turn over to. her. all papers :ip her
claim agafajt the Chicago firm and what- '
ever other document? In his. possession
*•; Watt took charge of the business of the
Latham Company, and while he may have
been conversant with the affairs of the
business he positively refused to give Mrs.
Underhill any accounting as to what had
become of her money. Time and time
again she received pressing telegrams and
letters from Watt, each one asking for a
large sum of money to help keep' the La
tham Company alive. Mrs. Underhlll
claims that, having Implicit faith In her
attorney, she- sent him various large
drafts, amounting .to a total of $30,000.
She drew the money from the German
Savings* Bank of San. Francisco and the
notes she forwarded to Chicago to Watt
'.When Watt-went to Chicago in 1S93.
suit . was brought in the court of Cook
County, III., against the Latham Com
pany, on' behalf of Mrs. _ynderhlll, and
the judgments recorded in her favor gave
her a preference In the scramble of the
firm's creditors for the available assets
of the concern.
tion to giving Watt authority to act for.
her in. Chicago, Mrs. Underhlll also em
powered him. to collect for her certain
money in New York City, which money
represented her life interest in an estate
left by a relative to her little children.
Mrs. Underhill claims that as a result
of Watt proceeding, to Chicago she was
induced by him to advance $30,000 for the
purpose of keeping afloat. the Latham
Company, which- firm soon afterward
went into dissolution, and that she has
never been able to secure from Watt the
slightest accounting as to what was done
with her money, neither has she a single
receipt from Watt to prove that the $30,
000 was invested with the Chicago' flrm.
Lawyers in Chicago and this city have
trle'd to unravel the tangle of the books
of the defunct H. H. Latham Manufactur
ing Company, but without success.
k iMrs. Underhlll also claims that she nev
er received a cent from Watt of the
money he collected for her from the New
York estate and for all the money which
passed from her hands' into those of .Watt
she only holds a few worthless papers.
NOTE AND CHECKSOF THE : ACCUSED; ATTORNEY THAT TELL -AN ELOQUENT STORY.
Mfs. Fannie A. Underhill Alleges That the Attorney Induced Her to Give Him $30,000 to Be Used in Bolstering Up a
Tottering Firm in Which She Was a Partner and Then Refused to Account for the Money; That He Gave Her
Worthless Mortgages as Security for Money Loaned and That Drafts Sent by Him to Her Were Dishonored
ACCUSES JAMES ALVA WATT OF SWINDLING HER
OUT OF NEARLY $35,000 BY FRAUD AND GROSSLY
BETRAYING THE SACRED TRUST REPOSED IN HIM
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANTJARY 13,\ 1901.
. Mrs! Underhill consulted Attorney Watt
as to the course she should pursue, and!
that gentleman informed" her that:he ; was
about' to visit the World's Fair at Chicago
and would be pleased to look Into the af-;
fairs of the Latham Company. .In addl-
..For sufficient reasons, .Mrs. Underbill'
filed a suit 1 for divorce from her husband
and" retained the 'services '» of Attorney;
"Watt. The divorce was granted, and hav-i
ing every trust in her attorney. Mrs. Un-'
derhlll later on frequently consulted Watt
an to business matters. Early In 1S93 the?
H. H.. Latham Company of Chicago, with
whom Mrs. Underhill had. invested. $20,000,;
wrote her that they were unable to pay:
the interest on the loan, and advised her
to take a share of the business for her
money. She did so, and became a partner
to that extent. . . •
As soon as Mrs. Underhill became a
partner, the Chicago firm sent her numer
ous requests for money, stating that un
less funds 'were on hand.to help the 4 firm
along It would have to go to the wall.
Late In the eighties of; the last century
Mrs. Underhlll and her husband took a
trip from San Francisco to. the East and
to Europe. While in Chicago Mrs. Un
derhlll visited some of her relatives. -who
were Interested In the business "of , the H. •
H. Latham • Manufacturing Company.,
manufacturers of machinery, gas engines,"
etc. At her relatives' solicitation,, Mrs. \
Underhlll loaned, the firm the sum -of, $20,-'
000, whichlsum was to. bear interest at. 7
per cent per annum. Satisfied with*" her!
investment, Mrs. Underbill and-.her.hiw-;
band returned to San Rranclsco td'reslde.
and at this point Attorney Watt was.first ;
brought into ihe affairs of Mrs. Underhlll.;The millinery employes will hold a meet
ing to-morrow evening at Foresters' Hall.
102 O'Farrell street, to consider means to
be used to perfect the agitation for early
Closing. .."I-'/.; ¦-; -^
Milliners Will Meet.
A vaudeville entertainment and danea
will be given by Ignatian Council No. 33.
Youngr Men's Institute, at Native Sons*
Hall next Friday evening:. An» entertaining
programme will be rendered by H. H.
Walton. Thomas W.'Hlckey, Alfred L
McKlnnon. George Hammersmith. Miss
May Sullivan. Miss Alma . Wuthrtca,
Messrs. O'Leary, Shean and Wanek.
Y. M. I. Entertainment.
"William Babcock. John C Coleman. J.
H. Meyer. H. H. Taylor and J. H. Bruce.
directors of the California Drydock Com
pany, have filed with the County Clerk a
certificate of proceedings of stockholders
authorizing the creation of a bonded In
debtedness of SSOO.GOO.
Ada AUgelt instituted an action for dl-"i
vorce yesterday against Adolf Altgelt,
Failure to provide is alleged as cause of
action.
Court Notes.
The officers installed were: E. H. Coney,
president; J. S. Earls, vice president; W.
L. Bush, recording secretary; F. C. Stalb,
financial secretary: > A. L. Schuppert,
treasurer; "W". O. Patch; captain: T\ R.
Dixon, lieutenant captain; P. H. Freuden
berg. sergeant at arms; C. M. Farrell and
A. J. Brennan, executive committee;
Frank Curry. G. C. Alferitz and A. W.
Shields, board of directors-. A, P. Roth
kopf, A. W. Pape and Joseph Laib Jr.,
deleeates to P. A. A.
The Dolphin Swimming 1 and Boating
Club members gathered around the board
last nlcht at a downtown restaurant and
spent a merry evening. After the banquet
the officers recently elected were installed.
Joseph B. Keenan, "toastmaster, was hap
py in his remarks and engineered the en
tertainment In excellent fashion.
Sea and Sail, and Make
Merry.
Gather Around the Board, Toast the
DOLPHINS BANQUET AND
INSTALL OFFICERS
The following named officers of TVestern
Addition Lodge. I. O. O. F.. for the cur
rent term have been Installed by V. F.
Northrup. L>. I>. G. M.. assisted by J. F.
Nichols. G. M.; M. T. Moses, G. TV'.; J. F.
Gibson. G. S.; A. H. Breckwoldt, G. T.,
and T. R. Mann. I. G.. with all the impos
ing ceremony of the ritual: W. J. "Wesler,
A. P. G.; F. I>. Rees. N. G.: Al Jensen.
V. G.; J. R. McLean, R. S.; "W. F. Lee.
F. S.; T. F. Seem, E. W. Skelton. W.;
A. M. Brand, conductor; J. Corrinson, R.
S.. and J. Hardee. I_ S. to N. G.: Harry
Pike, R. S.. and Harry Reea. L. S. to V.
G.: George A. Frlennuth, G.; H. T. Mel
lyn, R. S. S.; Georre Trautner, L. 8. P.,
rnd John Henry Gray, chaplain. The In
stallation was public and waa witnessed
by many persons.
Odd Fellows Install.
Lively Bow on the "Wharf.
The Balestreie and Mallscotl factions of
the Italian colony had a pitched battle on
the water front yesterday. In consequenca
Giovani Balestreie is now In the Harbor
Hospital suffering from a deep cut In the
right thigh, while Joseph and Pietro Ma
liscotl are in the Harbor police station
charged with assault to commit murder,
and Manuel. Francisco and Tamaso Ba
lestreie are charged with disturbing the
peace.
The whole trouble arose over the sale
of a box of herrings. • The fishermen have
an understanding that nothing 13 to be
sold at retail on the wharf. V. Manlscaco
sold a box of herrings to a friend and .the
Maliscoti brothers objected. The Balea
trele brothers took the part of Maniscao
and in a. few minutes there was a. gen
eral war. Wharfinger Mat Arnerich and
Collector M. H. Barry interfered, and
soon there was a struggling, swearing
group of about sixteen people. Finally
the State officials separated the combat
ants, and then the police made an ap
pearance and put the men under arrest.
Cutting Price of Herrings Raises a
FISHERMEN -XAKE TROUBLE.
. The foe which rolled over the Presidio
reservation yesterday afternoon and the
unusually soggy condition of the San
Francisco Golf Club's course deterred all
but a few enthusiasts from going around
the links. Thoueh no set contest took
place, several practice matches were
played. Robert Johnston, the club In
structor, played an eighteen-hole match
against E. J. McCutchen; I* O. Kellogg
and . S. L. Abbot Jr. tied over eighteen
holes, and B. D. Adamson played against
H. D. Pillsbury. Warren Gregory defeat
ed P. G. Gow, an Oakland goiter, who has
recently Joined the San Francis.co Club.
E. J. McCutchen and Robert Johnstone
will play a foursome to-day against John
Lawson and B. D. Adamson.
L. O. Kellogg and P. E. Bowles, cap
tains of the San Francisco and the Oak
land clubs, respectively, will, on Friday
next, exchange lists of the teams which
will represent the clubs in the home and
home match next Saturday. The players
in each list will be numbered 1 to 6. The
San Francisco representatives will be
chosen from the following: John Lawson,
H. B. Goodwin. B. D. Adamson. L. O.
Kellogg^ S. L. Abbot Jr., H. D. Pillsbury,
E. J. McCutchen. R. H. Gaylord and H.
C. Golcher. The Oakland representatives
will probably be the following: E. R. Fol
ger, W. P. Johnson. .C. P. Hubbard. R. M.
Fitzgerald, F. S. Stratton and J.-Ames.
Captain Alice C. Hoffman has posted on
the bulletin board of the San Francisco
Golf Club a Hat of tournaments for wo
men. The first of these events will take
place to-morrow — the qualifying round
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
third contest for the council's cup for
ladies. Play will bpgin at 9:30 a. m.
A Few Enthusiasts Eng-age in Prac
tice Matches on the San Fran
cisco Links.
GOLFERS .PLAY OVER
# RAIN-SOAKED COURSE
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 12.— The princi
pal event of to-day's golf of the L03 An
geles County Club was the open handi
cap tournament of eighteen holes, which
was won by David Bell, the crack profes
sional of Chicago, with a score of 80. Wil
lie Smith. United States open champion,
in 1S90. turned in a score of 83 and took
the short end of the purse. Bogey .for
the course ls SO. Both men played poorly
at the start and were soon several strokes
to the bad, but by splendid skill after
ward regained their loss and delighted a
large crowd of spectators. Smith did not
play as well as yesterday, while Bell put
up the best game he has thus far showed.
There was a large number of entries, but
mf other players, professional or amateur,
came near the score of these men, who
played from scratch.
Bell and Smith are proving their rlgrht
to be classed In the front rank of the
golf players irf'thls country. Their play
Is remarkable for distance and accuracy.
In the game to-day their drives were near
ly always close to 200 yards Ions, while
their approach shots seldom failed of
the green. Smith, particularly. play3 a
wonderful nsashie approach, and holed,
out several tlnYes to-day from twenty to
forty yards away. Their most spectacular
play was on a hole 600 yards long. Both
men got to the green in three strokes.
Bell landing almost dead to the hole. Bach,
had a bad start in the game, but recov
ered well and coming In played perfect
golf.
The morning was devoted to> best ball
matches between Bell and Smith and local
amateurs. Bell won his match against
J. F. Sartori and E. D. Silent by 2 up and
1 ¦ to play. Smith defeated S. C. Lines
and "W. Frederickson by the same score.
Perfect weather for the game continues.
Smith and Bell will play an all-day matclj
to-morrow and try for a low record.
Special DUpe-tch to The Call
Work of Bell and Smith Is Rsgarded
as Marvelous, Both for Dis
tance and Accu- >»'
racy. •' " '
Chicago Professional Plays
Good Golf at Los
Angeles.
DAVID BELL WINS
OPEN HANDICAP
"Notwithstanding the opposition and
difficulty confronting us In endeavoring to
carry out a project that we have felt from
its inclpieney was not only feasible and
right but also permitted by law, we an
nounce that we shall continue In the
course heretofore outlined."
For several days the directors of the
Saengerfest Athletic Club have .prepared
bulletins to be Issued to »ie press, but
none of these has created as much Ideal
comment as the one issued to-nieht. Ic
was generally bellevcJ, alter a general
meeting of the shareholders, that the- Jef
fries-Ruhlin light and Its preliminary
would be declared off, but the Saengerfest
Association now seems to be determined
to fight it out themselves, notwithstand
ing the local betting i3 still at odds on
the fight being flnahv declared oft. ,
Before leaving his office to-day Mayor
Fleischmann announced that he would be
In New York all of the coming week and
he repeated his statement that he would
not issue a permit to the Saeneerfest Ath
letic Club until two days previous to the
fight and that it wouid be a permit for a
sparring exhibition such as ls permitted
under the Ohio statute. There is very
bitter feeling now between the members
of the Saengerfest Athietic Club and the
friends of Mayor Fleisohmann.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 12.— The directors of
the Saengerfest Athletic Association to
day held several informal conferences
with their attorneys and then there was a
meeting of all the stockholders and mem
bers at 3 p. m., lasting until 6 p. m., when
the following waa given to th© press:
Mayor Fleisch xnann Still Stands by
His Guns and Announces That
He "Will Issue the
Permit.
Saengerfest Athletic Asso
• ciation 'Issues Definite
Statement.
WILL PROCEED
WITH THE FIGHT
TURF AND COURSING EVENTS AND PRIZE RING GOSSIP
PLANNING FOR
BASEBALL SEASON
No Place.
Los Angeles Will Be Repre
sented in California
League.
?
Magnates Meet and _>-cide Upon a
Four-Club Organization in
Which Stockton Has
»
The magnates of tne California Base
bail League held the tirst meeting of the
year last Friday evening In the offices of
Eugene F. Bert, who acted as president
pro tern, in the absence of President Mo
ran of Oakland. There were present T.
F. Bonnet, secretary; ilanagcrs Beebe of
Sacramento. Harris of San Francisco,
Exrtng of Oakland and Harper of Stock
ton, and J. F. Morley. representing the
Los Ar.ccles team.
The Jirst matter of Importance that
came vrnder ditcussion was the number
of clubs to be admitted into the league.
Without much ado it v.-as decided to con
tinue the league as a fyur-club organiza
tion, San Francisco, Oakland and Sacra
mento receiving reaJy admission. Har
per, who had credentials from Stockton
and Yallejo in his hands, spoke for both
of these cities, but he could not pledge
the fulflllment of the demands of the
league. Mr. Morley of Los Angeles was
there with pledges, vouchers and guaran
tees, eo the southern city will be repre
sented in the league this coming season.
Mr. Morley offered lo put up a certified
check for $2500 as a guarantee that tho
team would stay In the league throughout
the season. This prop-jsition was accept
ed.
Upon th« decision thr.t each manager
ehould file a list of reserve plavers the
manaecrs of Sacramento. San Krancisco
and Oakland filed lists* of their 1300 teajus,
aiihough they admitted that it was noi
their intention to tipn r.ll the players.
Morley expressed a desire to have the
Stocktrn team transferred to Los Ance
les with the franchise, but the request
was denied, as Babbitt and Moore have
already been Figr.iid by Ewing and Gra
ham !*;• Harris^
Harris and Morlej- were appointed on a
schedule committee. The season will be
gin on March 31 with a game in San Fran
cisco between Sacramento and San Fran
cisco and in Ivos Angeles with Oakland
and Los Armeies erossinsr bats. V : r "
Dunlcavy. MeCarthv, Schmeer. Ham
mond. Steffani, Pace and Beville wero
blacklisted by the Cahlornia League' for
five years for having .lumped to Montana
In the miildle of last Reason.
Ewing has signed up to date: Lohman,
"Dummy" Taylor of the New Yorks.«Mos
kiman. Babhitt, Borchers, Hutchinson.
Arreilanes. Francks. Moore. Held and
Drennan.
-IIDWINTEE LEAGUE
SUNDAY BASEBAIX
Golden Gates and Nobles Will Play
Off t_.e Postponed
Match.
At the Eighth and Harrison-street
grounds this afternoon the Golden Gates
er.d the Nobles will play a league game.
The Golden Gates will present four stars
from the Northern California League and
the Nobles will have Pabn on first base.
The following" will be the lineup:
GoMen Gate*. Positions. Ncblen.
McMenomy Pitcher. .J. O'Shea or Bulger
P"raha Catcher D. Oghea
Carroll First base 1'ahst
Witcholl Beonnd base Swartz
Thomas Third base J. Johnson
E:lvs Shortstop v. Carroll
Urennan Left fleld _ ....Barry
Clynes Center field Wright
Ayden Rijrht field Walters
ThA Alamedas will play the Koenigs at
Freemans Park at 2 p. m. The batteries
•»ri!l be; Alamedas — C. Kussell and Ham
mond; Koenigs— Perrine and Eager.
San Diegos Defeated.
IX>S ANGELES. Jan. 1L— Tne Maier &
Zobeleins easily beat the San Dlegos to
day by a Fcore of 13 to 6. In the seventh
inning th» Maier & Zobeleins batted out
flve runs and in the next inning- they took
three more, which gave them the "game.
Ecore.
£an Diego 1 OIOIJIOO— C
Hits. 11. Errors. S.
aiaier * Zohlein 30 0 020E3 •— 1J
Hit*, *. Errors, 4.
Batteries-Doyle and Manperlna: Eallsbury
•nd Aflaias. Umpire— Earley.
San Bernardlnos Win.
BAN" EERXARDIXO, Jan. 12.— The
game of baseball between the San Ber
•Raxdinos and the Levys to-day resulted
In favor of the former by a score of U to 3.
The game -was characterized by heavy
baiting on the part of San Bernardino and
abundant errors on the part of the Levys.
Score:
fcan Bernardino 11242011 2—14
Hits. 13. Errors. 2.
-«V3-b 6 12000000— S
Hits. I. Error*. 8.
Batteries— Jones *M Mangerina; Moore a_S
Peters. Umpire— Thumian.
Results at New Orleans.
ORLEANS. Jan. _!.-Summary:
ITU* ani a Fixtw-nth. «»JIingr-In<Ilan won.
"Emigre *«icona. Kandy thlr«l. Time. 2O5
Six furlong-s— Lady Cnnon •won. Barricade
Becond. Mitt Bcjkin third. Tirae, 1:24.
Handicap, «p«pl«>chai«, short course— Harve
B won, Divertiscment second, Brakeman third
Time. 2:Z~hi.
The O^ntill- handicap, elx and a half fur
lonp»—Ed Garland II won. Bummer Becond.
"Moroni third. Time, 1:30.
Seven furlongs, filing— Bean won. Quite
Right second. Gracious third. Time I-«U
Six furlongs— Lady Contrary won. Wood
Trice «eeond. Scrivener third. Time. 1:24
A r prominent 'medical Journal says the
Best treatment: for nervous 'dyspepsia is
at ; least three , weeks : of absolute rest In
bed In some institution away ; from home
together. with a full diet." ¦
- The Red Cross Society 'wishes to, grate
fully acknowledge all 5 donations of - litera
ture-for soldiers in; camps and hospitals
which were kindly^made during the holi
day season. The total" receipts of litera
ture up to date' are 5048 bound books, 5668
paper books, _ 35,755 ; magazines and 47.S82
papers. r The following : is thajist ,of
donors: ,. . ; c •¦ ; v
;. The Call, Chronicle, .. Examiner, .Post,
Literature • for Sick Soldiers.
William s H. i. Thompson, aged 56 years,
committed suicide yesterday In .the rear
of the grocery store. of M. v Gerdes at the
corner of Eddy , and Steiner streets. , .The
deceased. had .been out of employment for
some-time and had become; despondent.
Thompson \ placed the muzzle of '• a pistol
In his . mouth and discharged the weapon
He was. taken to the Receiving Hospital
where he died ; two hours after . being ad
mitted.- He left a nota to the Coroner
stating that he was In Ill-health and tired
of llf e. HiB_IC__MB_e_Rl_»_— z
Thompson Was Tired' of , Life.
Wave. Argonaut, Mrs. 'Lunt, J. J. Innes,
Mesdames C. A. Murdock, E. E. Goodrich,
Dr. Doyle, J. R. Davidson, N. N. Hobart,
Harris. I. W. Hellman and J. , Regens
burger; Suisun Circle— Mrs. J. Miller.
Thomas S. Cotter,. Dr. and Mrs. Wilber
Smith. 0. Wheaton, Mrs. C. P. Gilbert,
Mrs. E. R. Coleman, Miss Blanding: Red
Cross of Monterey— Mrs. I. M.Lillenthal,
Mrs. L..Cunan Clark, Armand Levy, Mrs.
L. H. Colt, Mrs. T. R. Phillips; Red Cross
of , Eugene, < Oregon— Mrs. *j Harrison. 300
Steiner street; ;. Mr.. Norton, .Mrs. Cook.
Mrs. Newbauer, Miss Molly Thomas, Miss
ida'Souick, Mrs. Adams: Mrs. Horace
Davis. Mrs. L. P. Well, Miss' M. E. Lang
ton, Mrs. E. R. Lilienthal, Mrs. C. Beach.
Mrs. A. P. Davles, Miss Greer Davies.
Mrs. E. F. Thompson. Mrs. 3.- F. Plage
man, Smith's Cash Store, Mrs. G. A. Pope,
F. J. Louterback, Mrs. B. H. Lichten
steln, Mrs. P. F.> Nolan, C. J. Dempster.
Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss Clara Tickner,
Mrs. C. J. ; Robinson, Mrs." J. G. Donovan.
George H. Van- Meter,; Miss Rosenfeldt.
Mrs., Gates, Mrs. Thurlow McMullln, Ed
win Goodall. 8. C. Bigelow, Miss Christen-
Ben. 1321 Guerrero street; Mrs. Morse, 2114
Pine street; H; S.SchussIer, 2004 Vallejo
street : Mrs. M. E. Chapman, T. - C. Kler
nofr. Mr. 8chmidt, C. Blavore, Miss W.' J.
Bullen; Miss Thornhlll. Miss J. P. Whit
ney, Miss Esberg.'Miss Herrin, Miss Nye,
Miss W. :Hej«neman. Mrs.: Smith. Mrs.
Martin Stern," Mrs.- .Taylor, Mrs. Loner
gron, Mrs. A: P. Gates. Mrs. Pringle, Mrs.
Joseph, 1635 Hayes street; Mr." Grote, Mrs..
Boyntr, MlssvRlke. v ; '
One. 1 who gave the name of. David Wil
liams, was ¦ charged with p'etty. larceny;
and , the other, : Robert Linehan, waa
booked for vagrancy.
*A ! watch was set , and later the officers
saw three men go into the inclosure. One
of the; men, who was dressed an a line
repairer, was attempting to open ; the
money box.. His explanation did not sat
isfy the officers and the three were placed
under arrest. ;;They i resisted and one of
them escaped. The others were locked up
at the Harbor Station;
Sergeant Ellis anJ Corporal Egandis
covered that the jiickel-in-the-slot attach
ment of the telephone box in the waiting
room : at the ferry had been broken Into
yesterday afternoon.
Telephone Box, and Two Are
Captured.
Three Men Caught -Trying to Open
SUSPICIOUS CHARACTEBS
PLACED UNDER ARREST
• Guido, March 11. 1900. Paris, France.
"Stephen' J. Flanagan, October 6, 1900,
Philadelphia, Pa. ' * •
Edward T. Sanford, December 22, 1900,
Philadelphia, Pa.
James K. Devitt, Sacrameuto, Cal..
April 27. 1898. .
James Campbell, May 5, 1898, Johnson
burg, Pa.
William Edwards, October 17. 1898. Lon
don, England. '
William -Walker, October 1, 189S, South
Omaha, Nebr.
Tom Turner. November 7, 1S98, Londoi?,
England.
John Call," December 5, 1898, Mahanoy
City. Pa.
Kaffir George, February 8, 1898,. Cape
Town, South Africa.
Frank Martin, May 1. 1899, Albany, N. T.
"Dutch" Neal. June 21, 1899, New
Tork City.
Felix Carr, June 29, 1899, Farkesburgr,
W. Va. • ¦ - ,. ¦ ,
Jim Franey, August 16, 1S99, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
"Kid" Lavelle, November 8, 18S9, Pitts
burg, Pa. , • ; • - ,
Henry Apfel, November 16, 1899, Brook
lyn. N. Y: -
Edward Gibbons, March 20, 1897, Phila
delphia.
Christian Keilnecker, March 20, 1S97,
Philadelphia.
Frank Evans, April 22, 1S97, San Jose,
Cal.,
Billy Vernon, April 22,1897, Attiens,
Delaware County, Pa.
Walter Croot, December 7, 189S, London,
Kngland.
Henry Braun, March 22, 1898, Trenton,
N. J.
George Standt, April 7, 1898, Columbus,
Ohio. >
Tom Carter, July 20. 1S96, Salt Lake City,
Utah.
James Duffy. January 2. 1897, New Tork.
Ben Coleman, February 18, 1S97, Cincin
nati, Ohio. •
Private Gollie, U. S. A.. March 12, 1S97,
Cheyenne, "Wyo. . . " , -
'It was reported 'that the ", department
commander of tho • Grand Army of • the
Republic would in a few days Issue , a
general order to the Grand Army; posts
calling upon them to join with the league
In celebrating the day.
President Stone said it was not advis
able to petition the Governor to make
"Lincoln day", a legal holiday, .but that
the day should be observed as "History
day" In the public schools. :
The executive - board ' of the Lincoln
Monument league met last evening In the
Phelan building. It was decided that com
munications should be sen$ td\ all parts
of the State requesting a general celebra
tion of Lincoln day on the 12th of next
month.
Will Bs Eulogized in All
Public Schools.
LINCOLN DAY WILL BE
. OBSEEVED BY VETERANS
On Twelfth Prox. "Martyr President"
When the number of boxing contests
that take place annually in this country
and others is considered the small num
ber of fatalities that result from the sport
is truly wonderful. Anoiner phase of the
question that should be fully weighed is
that in only a few instances have fatil
results attended a boxing bout where two
men of- international fame were the prin
cipals. This is ample attestation to what
in claimed for the. tport in the way of
careful preparation. With a well-planned
and systematic course of training two
men of good health &nd robust physique
take no more chances ol incurring fatal
injuries in a ring contest than in any
other athletic sport of a violent nature,
especially the great college game,' football.
The most recent Instance where, a par
ticlpant'-succumbed to injuries received
witn a pugilist of worldwide fame was
Guldo, the Frenchman, who died March
11, 1900, from injuries claimed to have been
received in a boxing bout with James J.
JeiTrie.s, the champion of the -world.:. Pre
vious to this Con Riordan's death from
the effects of a blow delivered by Robert
Fitzsimmons, former champion of the
world, whose sparring partner he . was,
stood out as the only fatality received al
tho hands of a flrpt-class man.
Of the list appended only, four fatalities
The order issued from the office of the
director of public safety to the police de
partment that no more boxing exhibitions
will be permitted In this city for the pres
ent, as the result of the death of Edward
T. Sanford ,in- an amateur bout^at the
Athietic Club of Philadelphia recently
suggests a chronological list of ring fa
talities that have occurred In this and
other countries for almost two centuries,
says the Philadelphia Times. From ' a
reasonably close and accurate search the
records disclose the remarkable fact that
no less than fifty-five deaths have resulted
from accidents occurring in the ring.
have occurred within the city of Philadel
phia, which speaks volumes for the. care
and discretion with which boxing exhibi
tions are conducted here. The list fol
lows:
George Taylor, December 14, 1758, St.
Albans, Kngland.
Symon Byrne, June 1. 1832, St. Albans.
England. .- -. '
Billy McCoy, 18i». Palisades. N. J.
John Walker, August 30, 1S76, Penns
grove, N. J.
.Danny Davidson. 1S76, Boston.
George Lame, 1880, San Francisco.
Edward Ahem, 18%, St. Louis. /v
Thomas A very, 188<J, San Francisco.
John Dempsey, Julv 10, 18S8, Fort Ham
ilton. N. Y.
¦ George Fulljames, September 23, 1S88,
Grand Forks, N. D.
.Thomas James, February 13, 1S90, Dallas,
Tex. .
Arthur Majesty. May 13, 1890, Nelson
villo, Ohio.
"Fox" McGlone, 15D0, Nantick, Mass.
Jack Fallon, 1891. Boston.
Jack Burns, 1892. I-ynn, Mass.
'James Brown, December 19, 1S92.- New
Orleans.
; "Young", Ross, December 30, 1S92, Syd
ney, Australia.
' J. Lindner, Harvard student, 1893, Cam
bridge.. '
Emmett Burke, October 23, 1893, Glouces
ter. N. J.
William Miller, March 24, 1893, San
Francisco. Cal. / •
George Goodrich, February 4, 1893, New
Orleans.
Daniel Donovan, April 4, 1893,. Maple
Bay, N. Y.
Con Rlordan, November 16, 1894. Syra
cuse. N. Y. > ' ¦
- George Smith, December 7, 1894, Eng
land. ..
Andy Bowen,. December 15, 1894, New
Orleans.
"Sailor Kid," January 5, 1895, Denver,
Colo. . .
Henry Rodriguez, January 3,' 1836, New
York. <n^v -:fr'-
FATAL BOUTS IN THE ROPED ARENA
DURING THE LAST TWO CENTURIES
with him, and then finished fifth. Well,
down at the wire, where the money is ob
tained. "Winnie O'Connor on the 7 to 1
chance Tiburon, defeated Prestidigitator
a length. For some reason favorites al
ways did have a knack of getting beaten
in. the closing events, and Pat was right
in fashion. So was Buchanan.
READY FOB FIELD TRIALS.
Pour Stakes Are Offered at Coronado
for tho Coursing Meet.
SAX DIEGO, Jan.' 12.— Coronado Hotel
ls filled with dog owners, to-night, mem
bers of the Pacific Coast Field Trial Club,
which ls to hold its annual fleld trials -at
Coronado, North Island, next week. Some
of the owners have been here for several
days, and some trainers have been here
for weeks getting their strings of dogb
into, condition for the trials. The draw
ing of the dogs will take place to-mor
row afternoon at a meeting of the club
at- Coronado Hotel. . ¦• .
There are four stakes offered. The first,
known as the Derby, to which all pup
pies under two years of age are eligible,
has about thirty-five entries. Entries
closed last summer, but there are thirty
five starters now in. and it ¦will take at
least two days and possibly three days to
run oft the stake. The second stake Is
the all-age stake. The entries now num
ber eleven, and they are closed, with the
exception that dog's now entered in the
Derby can go into the stake.
The third is the Champion stake, to
which winners of previous field trials are
eligible. There are only four such dogs
on the coast, and they are all here. En
tries will close the evening before the
trials.
The last trial will be the Members'
stake. In which the owners of the dogs
who are members of the club will handle
their own dogs.
There are many dogs here and also a
large number of members, but the mem
bers who will take their dogs Into the field
will probably not number more than a
dozen. The business meetings of the club
will be held during the coming week, and
it Is expected the trials will last Until
Saturday.
Elkes Defeats Ross.
BOSTON. Jan. 12.— Harry Kikes defeat
ed Albert I. Ross of Paterson in a ilfteen
mlle motor-paced race, run on the pursuit
plan, at Park Square Garden to-night In
27:15 2-5. He led by nearly a 'half-lap at
the end of the race.
Veterans to Welcome McKlnley.
The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion held an executive meeting last even
ins for the purpose of making: arrange
ments for the proper reception of Presi
dent McKlnley on his arrival in this city
next spring. Martin Murray, the presi
dent of tho association, presided. The
question of calling a State convention and
also a campflre was discussed, but as the
meeting was of an informal nature it was
decided to first consult the various vet
eran organizations of the State. The chair
appointed the. - following comrades to
act as a committee of arrangements:
W. F. Howe. D. M. Cashin. W. II. Pratt
A. I* Rocltwood. James Burke, William
J. Ituddiek. C. M. Leavy. A. Ennis J. T
Donnifield, August Mueller and Alexander
Mc-Kcnzle. .
Black Point Improvement Club.
The Black Point Improvement Club has
elected officers for the term as follows:
President. George Kinphoff; vice presi
dent. A. Erlckson; secretary, Adam Hack-'
maler; treasurer. Charles Dondero: ser-
Eeant-at-artnB, Victor Strom. A commit
tee has been appointed to confer with the
Board of Supervisors to-morrow and urge
that electric lights be located In places on
North Beach where they aro needed.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12.— Weather cloudy. Track- sloppy.
103H. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three- vtar-olds; purse. $300.
r . „ • . ' l Po -| * , Betting .
Index Horse and Weisht.|Pst|St. %. str. Fin. Jockeys. . Op. Hi. Cl. , PI.
1614 Darlene ...10^ 1 1 21 24 12 14 0 Connor ... 5 8 9^2 T£
»i Companion 100 6 5 1114 23 2 10 Ruchanan .. 8-5 .8-5 7-5 3-5
1223 Wardman 107 2 2 7n 5 3 4 »4 3 n Enos 10 50 50 15
,1557 Follow Me 105 8 442 4 >j 32 41 Frawley ... 15 40 30 15
9-9 Llbbie Elklns 103 3 3 54 6h 72 5 4 Mounce .... 5 15 12 6
loS2 Instante 100 4 8 8 8 6 10 6 10 Dominlck .. 2 13-5 13-5 4-5
lo« Katherine. Ennis.,101 5 7 3H32 5h 71 Bassinger .. 5 10 10' 3
1325 [Catherine Bravo.100 76 61 7 V, 8 8 (Phelan 15 60 " 50 20
Time— %, ; :13; %. :37; %. 1:03. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. f. by imp. E3ther-Aunt Jennie. Companion found the wire ever so
far away and quit. Instante no chance from tho start. None of the rest of the company
knew their lines. . .
1««7. SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
j IPo.I j , Betting -^
Index j Horse. Agre, WelKht.'PstjSt. Vt. %. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
.1629. Essence. 4 101 4 ~5 2~1 2~1 Tvi 1 V/i Buchanan .. 4-5 . 4-5 3-4 !M0
1611 Astor. 6 106 2 312.12 8 V.- 26 O'Connor... 5-2 9-2 4 1
1629 None 8uch. -6. ....106 5 1 ¦ 3 h 3 1 3 10 3 16 Bergen 20 30 SO 7
(1597) The. Buffoon, 4. .101 1 2 41-42 4 10 4 15 Phelan ..'... 5 6 6 7-5
1605 The Bobby. 4 10C 3 4 5 5 5 5 Dominlck . 5 7 6 8-5
Time— H, :13; %. :38; %. 1:04; "». 1:31; m, 1:4!>: mm, 1:58. Good start.* Won cleverly. Second
and third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by imp. St. Andrew-Extract.
Astor was willing: to take anything he could pet after a mile had been covered. The Buf
_fo^outfooted^'nTeBobbya^ of ths * 'coppers^ _ In the r"ud.
103S. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
: j ¦¦¦- ¦ " IPo.I : i " ! ~ " T~. ~ Betting
Index j Horse and Welght.lPstlSt. M. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1614 Litmus 102 71 1H21 21 In Buchanan.. ¦ 8 8 N 5 7-5
1474 El Sonoro 103 3 < 3 1 1 2 1 >4 2 n Dominlck ..3662
1610 El Karn 103 5 3 6 \i 4 >i 3 % 9 3 Mounce .... 3-2 3-2 3-2 1-2
1207 Sublime 100 9 8 72 6H61 41 Ransch ..... 6 15 12 5
1564 Estelada 100 2 5 5h 5H 4 !4 ' 58 J. Martin... 5 12 12 4
1583 Scotch Belle 100 62 2h 32 62 65 Fauntleroy 6 15 15 5
1514 Qraylette i% 14 9 82 72 72 O'Connor... • 6" 6 6 2
1110 Pe^alon* 102 898H9 82 83 Weir 50 150 150 R0
1564 Marlon Bristol:.. .101 47 4h 729 9 Basainger .. 20 50 50 20
Time— U. :13U; %. :ZS: %. 1:04. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. O. Summers &
Co « b. g. by Imp. Candlemas-Helen Scratch. Winner outRamed Sonoro. El Karn a slow
beginner. Graylette will Improve.
1C3». FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: Follansbee Handicap: three-year-olds and up; $1500.
Po.l ~ , Betting
Hor«e. Age. Weight. Pstjst. M. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1590) Articulate. 3 ....120 fi 4 11 15 Tl 1 1H Mounce • 2 4 V^l 1
(1609) Golden Age. 3. ...122 7 3 2224 tS 26 Bullman ... 8-3 2 8-5 3-5
1R16 Gibraltar, 6 130 2 2 32 3231 34 Jenkins ..... 5 10 10 4
<J611) Herculean. 4 118 3 | 6 5 H 4 l i 4 Vi 4 1 E. Jones.... 8 20 25 9
(1626) Itnp. Br'dbrlm, 5.120 5l7 7 5h 52 52 N. Turner.. 4 8 6 6-2
1611 Boundlee. 4 1CS 114»4 6H 63 65 Buchanan .. 5 8 8 3
1f21 Gold Badge. 3.. ..101 4 | 5 6 2 7 7 7 Bagslnger .. 8 20 20 6
Time— W. :li*i: *i. :37; %, 1:02; %, 1:29. Bad start. Won all out. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, W. C. de Lopez's br. c. by imp. St. Andrew-Utter. Winner broke from be
hind and was hustled to the front. He galloped Into the stretch, but was busy at the
wire. Bullman pulled the whip on Golden Ape at stretch turn. Twenty minutes' delay
at post. Broadbrim away very poorly. Boundlee outclassed. Scratched — Vulcain 12S, Gold
Or 132, Telamon 116.
1640. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 70 yds: Candelsria Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
______ . __ - , ¦ Betting
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. Pet St. M- H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1804 Bathos. 4.......... 99 2 2 1H In 1 H 1 4 Buchanan.. 8-5 . 14-5 . B-2 4-5
1627 The Fretter. 8. ...116 44 32 2n 32 21 Mounce 3 4 5-2 4-5
1C28 Telamon. 3 9S 3 3 2 1>4 3 2 2 '^ 3 6 Domlnick .. 8-5 11-5 2 4-5
1622 Sybaris. 6 103 65 46 48 45 46 O'Connor ... 6 6 6 2
¦ 1629 .} Rio Chlco. 6 96 1. 1 6 5 5 B Ransch 15 40 30 10
Time— 70 yards, M%: U. :2< l i: l i. :43%; H. 1:15*4: mile. 1:43; lm 70yds, 1:47. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, J. J. Moran's ch. h. .by Imp. Bathampton-
Crisis. Bathos too lightly weighted. - Fretter ran gamely. Telamon no particular us* for
niud. Scratched — Herculean JtCo^ _ _ _' - ¦' -
1041. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; tliree-year-olds.and up; purse. $400.
_ _ _______ __ < ¦ Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. H. K. 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
U92 Tlbnron, 5 109 5 3 23 2 121 11 O'Connor ... 4' 8 7 8
(1619) Prestidigitator, 4.106 4 4. 44 5 41 2ns Mounce 8-5 6 6 8-5
(1600) High Hoe. 6...:..1O7 2 1 12 12 1 n 3 3 Basslngrer ..6 8 8 3
1S90 Great Bend. 6. ...112 2 5 5 3 1 ¦ 3"h 4 1 Dominick ..5 8 8 3
¦•1591 i- Pat Morrissey, a.lf» « 2 3 1 4 >J 5 5 Buchanan .. 3-2 8-5 7-S 1-3
Veragua. a. 109 1 Left .... . J. Miller.... 40 100 100 40
Time— U; :24»4; H. :50; \, 1:1»!4. Bad start. Won handily. Second and third driving. Wln
• ner, P. Ev Smith's b. g. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Lulu B. High Hoe away In front and net a
merry clip. Tiburon is a good horse at odd times and -was splendidly ridden. Great Bend
not ready. Pat Morrlssey must get away, in front to be seen at his best. Scratched— Simon
D 109," Birdie Stone 89. -¦-.-•¦¦- ' • f -
There was quite a .«rrowl over the defeat
of Pat Morrlssey, favorite for the last
numbtr, a six-furlong sprint. It ¦was Just
his going, Buchanan broke" away second
Erratic Bathos, with only ninety-nine
pound? in the saddle, made a funny look
ing sight bt the abbreviated field starting
for the Candelaria handicap, over one
mile and seventy yards. As: good as 14
to 5, the chestnut colt went out and spread
eagled his field. HopelesHly overweighted ,•
as he generally is, The Fretter led Tela
man, the favorite, out for place honors.
: Because he finished second to Tenny
Belle some days ago, through a fluke, El
Karn was chalked up favorite for the
five-furlong selling dash. Showing some
speed, he ran third. In a hard drive, Bu
chanan on Litmus earned the decision
over El Sonoro by a neck. The winner
was played from 8 down to 5.
The weather was cloudy and foggy and
the track as muddy as two or three days
of rain were possible to make it. Nothing
deterred, the regulars were augmented by
the Saturday contingent, and tne ring was
crowded. The books had all the best of
it fiom the iump. for Kgsciice ?.t short
odds enjoyed the distinction of bcirg; the
only winning favorite. Buchanan seems
to be regaining: his old form, for he pilot
ed thtte winners, while Mounce cam©
next with two. The latter rider has been
extremely successful in piloting stake
winners, and received Quite an ovation
for his capture of the Follp.nsbee. •
If fast trials count for anj thing. Com
panion looked best of the botch starting
in the , introductory sprint, and closed a
7 to 5 choice. The filly, with Buchanan
up, led into the stretch and was then beat
en with ease by Darlene, an S to 1 shot
from Dr. Rowell's stable. . Wardman,
with 8 to 1 about him to show, ran third.
Charley Ellison's bold bluffer Astor cut
quite a dash for a time in the mile and a
furlons selling run. He failed to stay,
however, and the 3 to 4 favorite. Essence,
ridden by Buchanan", won handily by over
a 1 length. Marty Bergen- landed None
Such, a 00 to 1 shot, in the show.'
•. .ing: up 120 pounds and ridden by
the Idaho youth, Mounce, he administered
a decisive beating to Sam Hildreth's pet.
Golden Age, carrying Bullman and 122
pounds. Tho field had been so reduced by
scratching that it was practically brought
down to a contest between the colts men
tioned. There was some doubt as to
whether Articulate would go seven fur
longs, and as the other had already per
formed creditably at the distance, Hil
dreth's entry was installed favorite, at
odds of 8 to 5. Not much was thought of
the chances of Gibraltar, Herculean or
Boundlee, but the Victoria-bred horse,
Broadbrim, came in for extensive backing,
the books being compelled to cut his odds
from 8 down to 5 at one stag^e of the spec
ulating. Owing to the Jockeying of
Mounce and Bullman there was a delay
of . twenty minutes at the post before Mr.
Caldwell dropped his flag. Bullman, on
Golden Age, succeeded in getting away in
front, but It availed him little; Mounce
rushed Articulate through to the lead, and
the race needs'no description. As the turn
for the stand was reached, nothing behind
the leader looked to have a chance except
the first choice, and his a. remote one, for
Bullman had reached for his whip thus
early. Approaching, the wire, Articulate
himself tired under the fast clip set anl
Mounce hand rode the brown fellow to
win by over a length. Golden Age held
a mortgage on the place, for Gibraltar,
the third horse, was six lengths farther
away. For their little jollification at the
post, Mr. Caldwell fined Bullman $100 and
Mounce $50. Mr. Price, the presiding
steward, did .not quite agree with the
starter over the infliction of the last pen
alty, and possibly both sums may be re
mitted.
BY his artistic win of the Follan«
. - bee haxidicap, the brown colt Ar
ticulate is now in line. to wear
the three-year-old crown.: Plck-
By F. E. MIXJI J H[OILiI J A.3Srr).
With Jockey Mounce in the Saddle.
Golden Age Is Outfooted .All the Way by the Brown Colt
The short-enders were not very jubilant
yesterday. King Cashier won from Tapi
oca at a to 10; Cash from Jingle Bells.,
Agamemnon from Flyaway, Sylvanus
f ron: Minnie Wa Wa and Petronius from
Wedding Bells at 2 to 1.
The results of the nrst round are as fol
lows:
First round, open stakf, 12S entries — Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt heat J. Carroll's I»rd
Chesterfield; T. W. Bartels' Mac's Melody beat
E. M. Kelloce's Kid McCoy; Chiarini Bros.'
Santonin beat E. M. Kellogrg's Ben's Babe:
Curtis & Sons' Anchor b«"at H. A. D<-ckelnian'E
Snapshot; J. P. Thrift's Hrutus beat Curtis _
Sons' Psyche; J. Carroll's Master Clair beat
Captain Cane's Victor Roy: Russell & Allen's
Spiteful beat Harrigan i>- Wlegan's Overture;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat F. McCooI'e Finn Mc-
Cool: Captain Cane's Greenhall beat Aeneld
Kennels* Achilles; Walsh & Heenan's Sacra
mento Boy beat R. E. d> B. Lopez & Son's
WarriRo; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat W.
J. Leonard's Daylight: P. J. Reilly's Royal
I'nion beat J. Button's Herschel's Pride: Curtis
& Sons' Charta beat Pasha Kennels' Racy
Anerdote; Russell A: Allen's Daisy Clair beat
Erwin _ Lyon'a Silver Wlngrs: E. Geary's
America beat J. P. Thlrffs Tyrone Prince;
P. J. Reilly-s Peter West beat Sterl & Knawljs'
Sleety Mist; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide beat
George Siiarman's The Doctor; Georee Nether
eott's Floodgate beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fire; Russell & Allen'* Castaway beat Aeneid
Kennels' Aethra; Curtis & Sons' War Eagle
beat J. Carroll's Auckland; J. E. Hodgkln's
King Cashier beat D. J. Healy't Tapioca;
Maher _ Reid* I'ncle Fuller beat Connell
Bros.' St. Helen; B. Silvia's Reannex boat Rus-'
sell &, Allen's Strayawy; Curtis & Sons' Flylnj?
Fox beat D. J. HeaJy's rrar.la; Curtis _ Sons'
Cash beat J. Demppey'6 Jingle Bells; H. A.
Deckelman's Master Rocket beat H. H. Gray's
Ron*.; Pasha Kennels' Belle Clair beat A. John
son's Tod Sloan: Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete beat Curtis & Bons' Maud S; Curtis &
Sons' nector beat O. Lennon's Half Moon;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat A. Vander
white's Lear Kins: Pasha Kennels' Random
Aim a bye. Injury withdrawn: Aeneld Kennels'
Agamemnon beat H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway;
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat T. Tlerney'i
Lueretia Borgia; E. O«ary's Bonnie Pasha
beat Curtis & Sons' Warpath; Curtis & Rons'
Phadow beat E. M. Kellogfr's Sweet Emma;
J. R. Smith's Sylvanua ¦ beat 11. E. de B. Lo
p« & Sons Minnie Wa Wa; R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Fpct beat J. Smith's Master Workman:
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat O. Zahl's
Miss Wilson; Cunls & Sons* McK(nley beat
Lande & Gerber's Rl-»t.zl: F. A. McComb'S'
Little Sister beat J. It. Smith's Pa-'s Word;
Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold beat- Pasha Ken
nels' Ready Always; P. J. Reilly's Warship
beat Captain Cane's Victor Queen; P. ¦ Steln
hoflTs Veto beat D. Sheehan's Stam B; R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness beat Curtis &
Sons' Kibosh; W. C. GIas?on'« Dewdrop beat
A. Johnson's Bald Ea*le; Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy beat J. Cairns' Imperial: J. P. Thrift's
Forjret beat G. Lennon's Jennie Xoyes; after
an undecided St. Michael beat -MoonbriRht;
Curtis & Sons' Echo beat Pasha Kennels*
Roundabout; Curtis & Son'n Candelarta beat
Chiarini Bros.' Bra.«s Button: C. W. Bonnar's
Wild Norah beat R. El de B. Lopez & Son's
Edgar; O. J. Healy's Lady Clare beat F.
Jones* Harlem Gladys; Curtis & Sons' Nar
cissus beat D. J. Healy's Nicaslo; E. Geary's
Ireland beat Erskine & Jones' Lavender: Curtis
& Sons" Luxor beat P. Brophy's Benlcla. Boy;
: A. Johntton's Mountain Beauty beat L. F.
P.artels - Banner Bright; George Sharman's St.
Ives beat O. Zahl's Miss Allen; R. L. Taylor's
Mces beat George Parkerson's Ben Lomond;
J. R. Smith's Petronius beat Russell & Allen't
Wedding Bells; Conn*ll Brothers 1 Mamie
Pleasant beat Sterl & Knowles* Ollta.
The longest courses of the day were be
tween Moonbright and St. Michael and
Candelaria and Brass Button. After run
ning an undecided, Moonbright succumbed
to ht. Michael in a course tnat lasted two
minutes and twenty-four seconds. Cande
laria and Brass Button went three niin
utes. In both courses relief dogs were
necessary- King Cotton and the States
man, The Doctor and Bona Fide,, King
Cashier and Tapioca. Mamie Pleasant ana
Olita endured two-minute courses.
On the long-odds book there is no dis
tinct stake favorite. Sacramento Boy,
Luxor and Ireland are quoted at the same
figure, 6 to 1. Anchor. Flying Fox and
Little Sifter are well up in front and the
last named occupies a place that seems
favorable for ultimate stake honors. Sac
ramento Boy aiso has an advantage of
place and should represent the top of the
card.
Strong hares, long courses and few sur
prises marked the first round of the 12S
dog stake yesterday at Union Park. The
coursirg was of fine quality, although tne
conditions were not the most • favorable.
Luxor. Sacramento Boy and Ireland
Are Selling at the Same Figure
on the Long Odds
Book.
Several Champions Figure
for Honors in the Final
Round.
COURSING STAKE
IS AN OPEN ONE
ARTICULATE THE WINNER
OF FOLLANSBEE HANDICAP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
24
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT ¦ ' FREEJO MENT"
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores LostVl*or
to Hen.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are beinp mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years a R ainst the mental and
physical sufferinK of lost manhood that
Ihe Institute has decided to distribute f re-
trial packages to all who write It Is »
home treatment, and all men who Buffer
from any form of sexual weakness result
in* from youthful folly. preraatGr" loss at
etrength and memory, weak back vnrinn
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home, ture
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strpnVfh
and development Juft where It is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func
tions and has been an absolute fuccpkk in
ell cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute 328 Elektron building Vorl
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire n«I
cf their free trial packages, will be V™
plied with promptly. The Institute isa^'
eirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to b« treat
ed. and the free cample will enable them
to eee how easy it is to be cured of sex
ual weakness when the proper remedies
ere employed. The Institute makes no re-
etrlctions. Any man who writes will he
nent a free rample. carefully sealed in a
plain package, bo that Its recipient need
have no rear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Reader* arc requested to write with-
out delay.
I "I SHI V Emok»I#ss Powder, in bulk
RbI I |U ~fc. «nd loaded in ehelln. Send
lw_ B for c* ta '°Fue or sporting
yVll V pnoi '- GEO - w - SHREVE,
, 733 Market street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun—IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
~~_I?_ir~ We answer the ques- Cf rirriirf*
tlons briefly. If you
• f rc Vt.^A cut • an artery in In 15 days, without pain. Injury or Incon-
f '^« :^*^^ your arm you do venlenee. The bougies are Inserted atT\
/ fV^i^M not take internal nis?ht nnd act while you sleep. "Gran- '
JtBfc K'«§_Kyy medicine to stop the Solvent" removes every symptom or
/o -SPoSw " ow of bloo<1 - Y0U stricture, leaving tho canal as healthy
W '«__- *4*Sw US E LOCAL AP- as when nature formed it. NO BRL'TAL
fs '«SJ*-' < W- PLICATIONS. Sim- CUTTING OR DILATING. NO IN'JEC-
t; jL Illarly when the ure- TIONS TO IRRITATE THK MEM-
.T^ter \sJhk. thral ducts become BRANE. NO INTERNAL DRUGGING
_hV /f_*_^filk_» weakened and re- TO RUIN THE STOMACH. The St.
WvliWBr taxed it is ridlcu- James treatment is local, direct and p6sl-
.— <->_-*—-_' uai*r_ lous to taKe i nterna i tlve.
treatment, which must pasa through the Vsif S/-r»*-*»I*»
stomach and urine before it reaches, the V ailCOtClC.
f«t nt ?l disease - The seminal ducts project Varicocele Is nn accumulaUon of «lug-
Vl\Z p, l y eth1 ? 1 cnnnl trough the Pros : gish blood in the veins of the scrotum.
J^i? SUwir'Ji 0 * 1 are easI| y reached by LO- due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
CAL i TIlE^tTMKNT. The St. James treat- has Its origin in a diseased and torpid
ment is prepared In the form of crayons. Prostate Gland. Operations in this dls-
very narrow, smooth, flexible and wholly ease are only temporary, and no me-
soluble, which ar« inserted Into the water chanical device yet discovered has cured
passage at nlRht. whore they dissolve a single case. Gran-Solvent heals tho
ana deposit the medication in Its full Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
strength upon the - Varicocole disappears and the sluggish.
Prostate Gland, redTioifd. 10 " ls replaced by pur *' healthr -
Contracting and strcnRtheninB the dnctn. 19.S46 men strlctured. weak, wasting and
FOREVKK STOPPING drains and «mls- despondent were cured and restored by
sions. and curing while the patient sleeps, the St. James method last year. A vast
_Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent' soluble array of men in whom the light of Ufa
Bougies, will dissolve, digest nnd forever has panetrctcd the fearful nightmare oi
rtmove urcthral stricture and seminal . decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- kq «^ «¦ a-*
able St. James treatment In urethal diseases. Every sufferer |T^ i\ V K wt
from Stricture and its offspring. Prostatitls and ¦ Seminal Weak- H . , D y 3 M
ness, fhould write to the St. James Association. N. W. cor. Fifth EU »# EW Mr.
and Elm streets, Cincinnati, Ohio, fnr the!r wonderful illustrated »" an M m
work showing the parts of the human system involved tn urethal OB h
ailments, which they will eend securely wrapped in plain pack- K g a p It
age.- prepaid - '^ShHHRHHH — k. — _b __a
HOMF TRPATMFNT CJL^ BE trsro'mr tots patient as rock •
IlUiTIC 1 KB/%liTICW 1 CESS FULLY AS BY OUKS_XV__. : ~V
St. James Assn., 250 Elm St., Cincinnati, O.Hangs Himself With Necktie.
Victor Schoberg, a German porter, re
siding at 371 Mission street, was found
dead in his room last night, having com
mitted suicide by hanging himself. from
the gas bracket, using his necktie for the
purpose.
Heavy drinking and loss of property are
supposed to be the two causes which
drove the man to seek his life. He -was
icing-Ie and about 55 yearn old. When
found he had been dead about twenty
four hours. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
New Officers of the Oakland Chapter
Assume the Duties of Their
Positions.
MASONS BANQUET AT '
THEIR INSTALLATION
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— At the recent in
stallation of new officers by , the Oakland
Chapter No. 36, R. ¦ A. M. , an entertain
ment and banquet were provided for 15)
guests in the banauet room of the chap
ter. Musical selections ¦ were rendered
and presentation ¦ ceremonies ¦ formed ¦•, a
feature of the evening's enjoyment. .
W. F. Williamson, retiring high priest,
received a diamond ring i and Dr. W. H.
Craig. a diamond searfpln. _ .
The- list "of new officers follow: High
priest, F. R. Woolsey: king. F. D. Voor-.
hies; scribe, Welles Whittemore: treasur
er, F. H. Brooks; secretary. G.H. Smith:
captain. of the host. A: B. -Webster; prin
cipal- sojourner, ¦ A. ¦ C.-- Jackson;- royal
arch captain. T. I. Miller; master of third
vail, W. A. Gompertz : master l of second
vail.'J. W. Scott: master of first vail. A.
K.Corder: guard, C. E. GUlett: organlst,-
W. B. Ingersoll; installing, officer, W. - fl\
Williamson. P. H. P.; marshal, P. H.
E/O'Donnell, P. H.,P.
Benefit for Branstedt
A dramatic and musical entertainment
followed by a ball was given yesterday
evening at Turn Verein- Hall on Turk
street for the benefit of A. F. Branstedt,
who recently met with an accident In
which one of his legs was severely in
jured. The feature of the programme,
which had been voluntarily got up by
the friends of the injured man, was a
comedy entitled "Hiksdagsmannen's Son,"
which had been composed for the occasion
by Rranstedt himself. The other numbers
of the programme were:
Overture, orchestra: porn <Z*phyrinus), G.
Johnson; solo, selection. Fritz Wahlin: recita
tion. "Fra Glacamo," L. II. Haas; duet for
guitar. "Ondina" (G. C. Santisteban), Mr. and
Mrs. FrM Johnson; soprano solo, selected. Miss
Minnie Bchultzberi?: Professor William Wentln.
the man with one hundrnd faces; Al Hazzard,
the \-cntri:o<jaist ; remark*. M. Olsson.
In Cincinnati there Is talk of automobllar
lines to compete with the street cars. /
Colonel Hartzell Very HI.
VALLEJO. Jan. 12.— Colonel J. W. Hart
»ell. manager of the Carter Land and De
velopment Company, was stricken by
paralysis yesterday and is critically ill.
tie was one of the builders of the San
Mateo electric road and has done much
*npinecring work all over the United
States. He is a brother of Bishop Hart
tell. Methodist Episcopal Bishop of Af
ri«~»».
Publishing Company Not Insolvent.
The Insolvency proceedings against the
San Jose Publishing Company were dis
missed yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven upon a petition filed
by J. H. Henry. W. E. Crossman,
Jonathan Bweigert and J. G. Scott, credi
tors of the company for $3373. alleging
that the company was not Insolvent at
the time of the filing of the petition in ln
vcluntary insolvency.
The proceedings In involuntary In
solvency were begun several weeks ago
upon a petition filed by H. Lv -Miller. L.
Lion & Sons' Company and James H. Mor
rison. Since then the affairs of the pub
lishing company have been adjusted to
the satisfaction of both sets of creditors
and there was no opposition to • the dis
missal of the proceedings.
PLEASANTON ODD
FELLOWS INSTALL
Which Elaborate Services
Were Held
Large Gathering of the Order, at
PLEASANTON. Jan. 12.— Pleasanton
Lodjre No. 255. I. O. O. F.. and Pleasanton.
Rebekah Lodge No. 138 Installed the fol
lowing officers Wednesday evening. Dis
trict Deputy Grand Slaster James P.
Clark of Niles officiating for the Odd Fel
lows and District Deputy President Daisy
E. RIghter and Grand Marshal Mrs. Jo
seph Kofi man of Uvermore acting for th*
Rebekah desree:
Pleasanton Lodge No. 2S— Xoble grand, Joha
P. Powell; vice grand. William Lawrence; re
cording »*«T«tary. J- H. Ncal: treasurer. T. H.
Silver; warden, John F. Kupfer; conductor.
Percy Madsen; I. G., Georg« Mitchell; Ft. S.
N G.. J. R. Palmer; I* 8. >T. G., H. Therkel
sen; R. S. V. G., J. P. Rosa; L. S. V. G..
C. XV. Dall: K. S. S., J. Jflssen; L. 3. 3.. Paul
Baeo.
Rebekah No. 19S— Xoble Brand. Mrs. Letltl*
Lteman; V. C, Miss Annie Harms; recording
necretary. Miss Mary Cope; treasurer. Mrs,
Kate Geyser: financial Bscirtary. Mrs. P. Mad
sen: warden. Mr*. H. A. Sinclair; conductor.
Miss MincSe Harms: R. 8. N. O.. F. M. Kroae;
L. g. JC. Q.. Mrs. Dr. Cop«: K. 3. V. O.. H.
A. Sinclair; L. S. V. G., Miss Paulina Kru»e;
O. O.. John Kupfer; I. G.. P. Madsen; chap
lain. Miss Llllie Harriii.
National Union Installation.
After the Installation last night of the>
new officers for Golden Gate Council of
the National Union by J. W. Cuthberth,
president of the San Francisco Cabinet,
Norman R. Arter. ex-president of the
council and of the cabinet, presented to
W. W. Healey, the retiring president, a
beautiful National Union button, having
in the renter a solitaire diamond. This
was given as a token of the members'
appreciation of the able manner in which
the recipient conducted the affairs of the
council during his term of office. The re
ports read during the evening showed
that since the council has been in exist
ence it has had claims upon it for $42,00)
from the beneficiaries of the members
who passed away, which were all met;
that there Is on hand a good amount
In the fund for entertainments and good
of the order purposes, and that the mem
bership now ls.3S3.
TRAINS COME TOGETHER
WITH FATAL RESULTS
A Head-End Collision in Montana
Causes Death of Two People
and Others Are Injured.
KALISPELL. Mont., Jan. 12.-A head
end collision between two freight trains
on the Great Xorthern at Essex, Mont.,
resulted In the death of two people and
the probable fatal injury of a third man.
One. of tho de.id is Harry Fritz, who has
relatives living in Spokane. The other,
Albert Warner, is from Hope, Mich.,
where his parents live.
Superintendent Kennedy left for the
scene of the wreck at once. He was ac
companied by physicians, and his private
car contained all necessary medicines and
appliances for taking care of the injured,
of whom it is believed there are four or
five.
John F. Fee.
BEREA, Ky., Jan. 12.— John F. Fee,
founder of Berea College, a famous Abo
litionist, died last night. Mr. Fee was
born In Bracken County, Kentucky, on
September 9, 1816. His father was a slave
owner. He studied in Augusta (Ky.)
College and Miami University, Oxford,
Ohio, and entered the Lane Theological
Seminary in 1S42. Here he became an ex
ponent of abolition, the result of prayer,
as he tells in his autobiography. He de
cided th?n upon his life work. Fee's early
vears wire tempestuous. His stanche^t
friend was Cassius M. Clay. He was more
than once assaulted. Finally, in 1853, he
came to Berea and formed a church, the
land being acquired of General Clay.
Then comes a story of mobs, of entreaties
to leave and his decision to hold on. Fi
nally there was born Berea College, open
alike to black and white, where people
have since been educated regardless of
color. .
David Center.
HONOLULU, Jan. 6.— David Center, one
of the best known and most expert sugar
planters in the islands, died in the Queen's
Hospital last Wednesday. January 2. He
was a native of Scotland, aged 43 years,
and came here many years ago in the
employ of Claus Spreckels. He worked
himself to be the assistant manager of
the big Spreckelsvllle plantation and was
known to all sugar men here as an
authority on plantation matters. Liver
complaint was the cause of death.
P. B. Schmidt.
CAL1STOGA, Jan. 12.— P. B. Schmidt,
a grape grower and wine maker, died at
his home near CaHatoga to-day of acute
pleurisy after only a week's illness. Pre
vious to his twelve years' residence hero
he was an architect in San Francisco.
Schmidt was a native of Germany, aged
C8 years, and leaves a widow and three
grown children. Ills body wili be sent
to tha Odd Fellows' crematory on Mon
day f er cremation.
— , ¦? —
Miss Delia Wente..
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 12.— Miss Delia
Wente, who died last night in Woodland,
was a member of the graduating class of
the Santa Cruz High School In 1896.
While the class was being posed for a
photograph .the platform on which the
members stood broke and they received
injuries from which she never recovered.
Rev. John Schneider.
CHICAGO. Jan.; 12.— The : Rev, John
Schneider, for sixteen years the presid
ing elder of the Evangelical Association of
North ; America, died last night at his
residence in this city. He: was born In
Bavaria in 1S22 and came to this country
in 1831. -
Hon. Frederick Wickham.
NORWALK, Ohio, Jan^ 12.— Hon. Fred
erick Wickham of the Norwalk; Reflector,
the oldest editor in Ohio, died this morn
ing after a long illness. He was SO years
of age. •
General Dubarry.
WASHINGTON," Jan.- 12.-GeneraliBeek
man Dubarry, IT. S. A.; retired, died at his
residence in this city to-day-
Druids Who Dance.
Olympic Grove No. 119, United Ancient
Order of Druids, gave a ball last evening
in the Druid Temple at Fourteenth and
Folsom streets. The attendance was
large, the programme of dances well ar
ranged, and all spent an enjoyable even
ing. Guy Sawtelle was the floor man
ager and he was assisted by Herbert G.
Armstrong, J. J. Noonan, Henry Drewes,
Frank Robinson and M. A. Wolford.
Oriental Encampment Installs.
Oriental Encampment No. 57, I. O. O. F.,
installed the following named officers Sat
urday evening-, January 5: W. S. llat
thews. chief patriarch: George W. Le
mont, high priest; C H. Kornbeck, senior
warden; N. M. Peterson, Junior war
den: A. H. K<?!ton, treasurer; George
Wilson, financial scribe; A. Hovey, re
cording scribe: J. Wilipton, guide; J.
R. Frazier, first watch; F. "VV. Derby,
second watch: R. W. Jones, third watch;
W. F. Crepe, fourth watch: W. F. Webb,
first guard of tent; F. S. Williams, sec
ond guard of tent: F. M. Carson, inside
sentinel: H. Rogers, outside sentinel: J.
J. Edwards, organist: and Miles Luke,
custodian. They were duly Installed by
C. F. Phillips, district deputy grand mas
ter, assisted by a delegation of Grand En
campment officers and San Francisco
Canton No. 5, after which a banquet was
partaken of.
Letter Probably a Hoax.
A letter was received at the Coroner's
office yesterday purporting to have been
written by "a heartbroken girl," In
which she declares her intention of going
to the Cliff House and throwing herself
into the ocean because her lover does not
care f&r her any more. The letter is
written in lead pencil on four pages of
note paper and has a faint odor of alcohol.
The Morgue deputies believe it to be a
fake. .
IMPORTANT CATTLE
DEAL AT SALT LAKE
M. K Parsons Purchases One Thou-
sand Hsad of One and Two Year
Olds From CHNeil Bros*
SALT LAKE. Utah. Jan. 12.— Another
Important cattle trade was made here to
day. M. K. Parsons of the Utah-Color
ado Cattle and Improvement Company
purchased of O'Neil Brothers of Wells.
New, 1000 head of one and two year old
high-bred cattle. The price is said to be
$22 for th© yearlings and $39 for the two
year-olds. Quite a number of prominent
cattle men have already arrived to attend
the convention which opens next week,
and the Livestock Association's effice was
one of the busiest places in the city to
day.
The Chicago delegation will arrive to
morrow morning.
Shot From Ambush.
MEMPHIS. Jan. 12.— Near Friars Point,
Miss., Deputy Sheriff James Lucas was
shot from ambush and instantly killed by
Andrew Caylor. for whose arrest on tho
charge of selling illicit whisky the officer
had a warrant. Caylor was captured and
a mob organized to lynch him, but the of
ficers concealed him.
Kruger's Health Restored.
THE HAGUE, Jan. 12.— Drs. Vlnkhuj*sen
and Coest eay Mr. Krager Is completely
restored to health. Divine services to
morrow -will, however, be held at his ho
tel, as he does not wish to venture out in
the cold weather.
? ¦¦ -
Vote Upon Amendments.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 12. — Twelve amend
ments to the city charter were submitted
to the people to-day. The vote was light.
All the amendments carried except one.
authorizing the Mayor to appoint tha
Police Judge^
//~^l AKL.AND ¦ Jan. 12.— For more than
ft ll a y ear and a lialf Olive Middleton
II 1 1 and William Watt, members of
the most exclusive society circle
.of Oakland, have kept their mar
riage a secret. So well concealed was the
romantic attachment that when the news
was broken last evening in ; the respect
ive families the surprise and astonish
ment was complete. The engagement of
the couple was announced in February,
1900. Eight months before that Miss Ml'l
dleton and Mr. Watt became husband and
wife, the wedding having been celebrated
at Napa June 24, 1899, Rev. William B.
Thorn, rector of St. Ann's Episcopal
Church of that city, officiating.
The bride in this pretty romance is th/j
daughter ' of Jonathan Middleton, the
pioneer ship chandler of San Francisco.
The Middleton residence Is at Twenty
third avenue and East Twenty-seventh
street. It has been the scene of many of
the important social functions of this
city, in which the fair bride has taken a
most active part.
The groom is a sen of Robert Watt,
vice president of the Valley Railroad and
president of Langley & Michaels, th.j
wholesale drug Vorporation of San Fran
cisco. Young Mr. Watt has been long as
sociated with that firm. •
The story of the secret irarriage which
has set social Oakland agog opens • with
an acquaintanceship which began sev
eral years ago. The young couple were
thrown Jnto each other's company at the
Fortnightly and the Deux . Temps cotil
lons. It was not a surprise that the en
gagement should havt been announced,
but long before that Cupid had settled
the score.
Why Miss Middleton and her fiance
decided to take the sudden and secret step
VAWTEE'S RESIGNATION
WAS WRUNG FROM HIM
Appointment of F. K. Richards as
Marshal of Alaska Brings to
Light Sensational Story.
WASHINGTON, Jari. 12,-The appoint-
ir.ent of F. K. Richards of Washington
as United States Marshal of Alaska In
place of C. L. Vawter of Montana uncov-"
ers rather a sensational story. " . ¦*
Vawter was appointed about a year ago
on the recommendation of Senator Carter.
From affidavits filed in the office of the
Attorney General, It appears that last
summer he called on Judge Noyes of the
United States District Court at Nome and
said that friends had authorized him to
offer Noyes $20,000 In gold dust as a con
sideration for the, removal of Alexander
McKenzie, who had been appointed re
ceiver of certain mining properties then
in disDute and In charge of the court.
Judge IS'oyes called In the District Attor
ney and O. K. Wheeler of Minneapolis,
his private secretary, and required Vaw
ter to repeat his- proposition in their pres
ence. Vawter attempted to crawl out of
the scrape, but finally agreed to. place hla
rtsignatlon as United States Marshal in
the hands of Judge Noyes if the latter
would let the matter drop. Judge Noyes
agreed to do so. and forwarded the resig
nation by. mail to Senator Carter, on
whose recommendation Vawter had been
appointed, with a detailed explanation of
the circumstances. Senator Carter held
back the resignation until he was pre
pared to recommend a successor, and
then filed it with *he Attorney General.
¦ ?_
DISPUTED QUESTIONS
A»E STILL LEFT OPEN
House Committee Completes the Rou-
tine Portions of the Postofiice
Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— The House
Commute on Postoffices and Post Roads
has completed .the routine portions of tne
Postofiice appropriation bill, leaving the
disputed questions still open, viz., pneu
matic tubes, special mall facilities and
rurnl free delivery. The routine portions
of the bill are practically duplications of
the bill for the current year. The three
matters still open will be decided early
next week, and the bill is expected to be
ready for the House by Wednesday or
Thursday at the latest.
Prune Growers Mset.
. SANTA ROSA, Jan. 12.— At a meeting of
prune growers in this city this afternoon.
Director W. E. Woolsey of the associa
tion was present and explained the work
the directors were doing. The discussion
which followed was participated in by M.
IX McDonald. O. L. Soules. C. C. Farmer,
E. D. Sweetser and G. R. Campe. All
urged the necessity of standing by the as
sociation and maintaining prices. C. C.
Farmer offered a resolution declaring thij
confidence of the growers present in the
directors of the State Association and the
belief that by-laws should be amended so
as jo give them authority ' thoroughly to
advertise prunes and their advantages^as
an article of food throughout the country.
The resolution was adopted by a unani
mous vote. .
Wreck Victim Identified.
f SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 12.— A Coro
ner's Jury sat this morning in the cases
of *the two men killed yesterday in an ac
cident on the coast lhie. I No new facts
were developed save that a man identified
provisionally last night as a laborer
named Meyers was found to be W. J.
Meyers, probably of San Francisco. That
name was found in the front of a small
notebook, in such a place that there was
no- doubt of it having been written thert
to Indicate the name of the owner. The
verdicts in both cases were accidental
deaths.
Purchase Valuable Patents.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The Electrical
Review to-day announces the purchase by
the American Telephone and Telegraph
Company Cthe parent Bell Company) of
the patents of Dr. M. I. Pupin of Colum
bia College, which, it states, cover the
art of . ocean telephony and which enable
telephone messages to be sent over any
length of land lines.- It further states
that the sum of $200,000 has been paid to
Dr. Pupin for the invention, with an an
nual salary to him during the life of the
patents of $7500.
Amendment to Hawaiian Act
WASHINGTON, Jan., 12.— Senator War
ren of- Wyoming^ to-day Introduced a bill
amending the act establishing a govern
ment for Hawaii - by i providing for a Dis
trict Court in Hawaii, the District Judge,
the District Attorney and the Marshal to
be appointed by the President, and to hold
office. for six years. In addition to the
ordinary Jurisdiction of a District Court
the amendment; privilege Is that it shall
have jurisdiction In all- cases cognizable
in a Circuit Court of the United States.
James Heffner Acquitted.
LOSANGELES,' Jan. 12.— James Heff
ner, charged with highway robbery, was
acquitted by the Jury to-day after a de
liberation of -three hours. . Heffner.and a
man -named': Trumbull , were accused of
having knocked down and robbed William
Eviston, an old soldier of Tempe, Artzona,
last' September ¦ on San ; Pedro ; street. The
booty i alleged . to , ha ve been ; taken was ¦ a
watch . and some money.
Aged -.Chief -'Dies.
FENDER. Neb.. Jan. 12.— Word was
brought to Pender to-day that on Monday
last No Knife,* the last chief of. the Oma
ha- Indian -tribe,-: died at the ; home • of his
son,' Matthew.Tyndals, on the reservation,
at the advanced age of, 115 years.: He was
believed 'to .be; the oldest 1 resident' of Ne
braska. Jv He ; fcnd never been ill— at least
within. the memory, of any living relative
or acquaintance. ;'.;.-"¦•-
Goelet's Personal Property.
", NEW.YORK, Jan. 12.— The report of .the
appraiser/: appointed !" by ,' t the -Surrogate
to: establish the valuation'ofiOgden^Goe
let's; personal' property t, was > made ' public
to-day, ¦¦¦¦'¦ and -< shows *' that * it - was worth
nearly . $7,000,000, Instead < of ? a't trifle ? over
$400,000. the estimate furnished by the fam
ily.
Into matrimony, is a secret they are no*
disclosing. The young folks not only di't
decide to cast conventionality to th-»
winds, but proceede-1 it once to carry
their decision into effect.
By carefully arranged plans they met
at Napa on June 24, 1899. The matter of a
license was easily fixed, and so well was
that official necessity guarded against
publicity that the record was burled deep
ly enough to hide the secret all these
months.
The witnesses to the marriage were
Mrs. Thorn, wife of the officiating rector
and W. J. Collins, the County Clerk of
Napa County, who Issued the license.
Immediately after the ceremony Mr. and
Mrs. watt returned to Oakland by sepa
rate routes and resumed their accustomed
places in society. Mrs. Watt went to her
parents' residence In Kast Oakland and
kept her own counsel. Her husband re
mained with his parents at their Madison
street home, and nothing occurred that
would give families or friends the slight
est inkMng of The momentous event.
In due time the young people announced
their engagement. Time rolled on, and
nearly a year had passed from the date
of that ensagemnt. t
When the couple began to consider that
society would be soon expecting the wed
ding it is surmised that they decided to
forestall any Inquiry by quietly announc
ing that there would be no further wed
ding ceremony necessary. Last night they
told the story of the Napa wedding to
their respective families. To-day Harold
Middleton. a brother of- the bride, made
the public statement for his sister and
brother-in-law. He said:
"Mr. and Mrs. Watt have given no rea
son for the secret marriage. They made
it known last evening. There would have
been absolutely no objection to the mar
riage. That is' evident, of course, from
the fact that they did announce their
engagement a year ago."
Mr. and Mrs. Watt left this evening for
San Jose. Their future home will be in
San Krancisco.
NASH WILL NA1O3
NEW BATTLESHIP
Bottle to Be Broken Over the Bow of
the Ohio by Mrs. Worthing
ton, Babcock.
TOLEDO. Ohio, Jaji. 12.-The Times w'll
say to-morrow: It has' been generally
thought that when President McKinley
accepted the Invitation to be present at
the launching of the battleship Ohio at
San Francisco on May 18 the chief ex
ecutive would have the honor of naming
the battleship, but the Times is officially
Informed that Governor -Nash Is the ma.i
who ha3 been given that honor, and also
that the Governor's stepdaughter, Mrs.
Worthington Babcock, will break the bot
tle on the bow of the battleship.
President McKlnley's party will prob
ably include besides Mrs. McKInley almost
every member of the Cabinet. According
to the schedule the party will leave Wash
ington on May 1 in a special train pro
vided by the Southern Pacific. It is ex
pected that the, party will reach San
Francisco on the evening of May 13.
LARGE LUMBER^ PLANT
FOR MENDOCINO COUNTY
ern Company Back of the
Project.
Officials of the California Northwest-
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 12.— President A. "vv*.
Foster and his associates of the California
Northwestern Railroad are preparing to
erect a large lumber mill at a point about
two miles above Willelts. in Mendoclno
Countv. on the line of the extension of
the road. A gang of men Is already at
work preparing a site and the indications
are that the mill will be one of the biggest
concerns of its kind in the northern part
of the State. The new road taps a mag
nificent body of redwood timber and the
mill will be situated just about the center
of the tract. Tributary logging lines are
to be constructed in different directions as
feeders. &gKg&i
ASTORIA PASSENGER
TRAIN IS DERAILED
Killed.
Engine Runs Into a Landslide and
Engineer Scott Reported
ASTORIA, Or.. Jan. 12.— A brief tele
graphic message from Clifton, twenty
five miles east of this city, conveys the
information that the Astoria passenger
train from Portland has been derailed.
The engine ran into a slide and Engineer
Scott Is reported killed. This is the first
fatality that has occurred on the Astoria
road.
Forgery Charged.
PARAGOULD, Ark.. Jan. 12.— There
were new developments in the Green
County Bank defalcation case to-day.
Last night the Sheriff nerved a warrant
on W. H. Ritter, late cashier, charging
him with forgery. Mr. Ritter gave bond
in tho sum of $4000. The - affidavit was
trade by T. B. Kltchlns, late president of
the bank, and charges that the cashier
raised a statement of deposits in the
Merchants' Laclede National Bank of St.
Louis from $1066 to $11,066. with the felon
ious intent to defraud the Green County
Bank of $10,000. Mr. Kltchina also filed
an affidavit charging Ritter with grand
larceny and embezzlement In the sum of
$28,000. No warrant will be Issued on this
affidavit, however.
Advertising Refused.
WASHINGTON. Jan. . 11.— In* compliance
with special instructions from the State
Department, Consul General Mason at
Berlin has submitted a report setting
forth the restrictions placed upon the pub
lication of advertisements for certain
American products by trade journals in
Germany. The movement, states the Con
sul General, dates back to 1806. when the
growing competition of American bicycles
began to alarm the uerman makers to a
considerable extent. Under pressure most.
If not all. of the German^Jicycle publica
tions refused to accept; American adver
tisements and still maintain their restric
tion. • •
Provisions of Canal Bill.
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— The enlarged canal
bill Introduced In the lower house of the
rMet to-day provided for the midland
canal 260,000.000 marks; for the Berlin-
Stettin canal, 47,000,000 marks; improve
ment of the Wartz and a connection with
the Vistula, 23.000,0*10 marks: for the Oder
tide water canal, 41,000,000 marks, and for
the Haveland-Spree canal, 19,000,000 mafks.
a total of SS4.000.000 marks. The Finance
Miniser . is empowered to sell bonds "to
raise the , necessarv funds.
Alexander Opens the Assembly.
NISCH. Servia. Jan. 12.— The Narodna-
Skupschina vNational Assembly) was
opened to-day, by King Alexander. In the
speech from the throne, his Majesty de
clared his marriage had set the seal on
his life's happiness. He emphasized the
split with his father, former King Milan,
saying Milan had left the . Issue forever,
therefore he hoped for better service from
the- present Ministry: than the former
King.
Assets of Chos?n Friends.
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan 12.— Receiver
Clark of the Chosen Friends has pub
lished an inventory and appraisement of
the assets of the onicr. Including money
and other assets not yet reduced to pos
session. The total appraisement is J55.S61.
The court to-day ordered the receivers to
sell all the articles of personal property
ln the home office.
Godfrey Held for Trial.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 12— W.G. Godfrey,
a. retired sea captain, was held for trial
to-day in the ; Superior -Court." charged
with en assault upon Mrs. J. S. Busby,
a colored woman.
Convention of Baptists.
, SAN JOSE,->Jan. 12.— The Bay District
Convention' of the Baptist church will
meet. Mn, : annual :sesion 'at the Central
Chlrstian ' Church here on* Monday. The
seesions will last two days.- A large num
ber of delegates are expected.- •
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 12.
The efforts of the Sheriff. Deputy Coro
ners and other offlceis engaged in inves
tigating the murder of aged Jess Broder
sen near Alvarado Thursday night have
not availed to dispel the mystery sur
rounding the old man's death.
Twenty-four hours ekipsed after the find
ing of the body and the time when Sher
iff Rogers learned that a crime had been
committed' within, his bailiwick. As soon
as possible he sent otficers out to,.Al
varado to examine the scene of the kill
ing and to co-operate with the local offi
cers in tracing out my theory 'which
might offer a solution of the mystery.
Deputy Sheriff George Wales was select
ed on account of his thorough familiarity
with the locality in which the crime was
committed. „'<•. 7
Wales and Deputy Coroner Francis of
Alvarado made a minute examination of
the premises occupied by Brodersen.. but
found nothing to point to the identity of
the murderer. *
About twelve feet from where the body
was found is a' bush ¦ behind which a
man might have hidden while his victim
was being lured from, the house. The
charge of shot which killed Brodersen
apparently came from about the distance
named.
A circumstance Indicating a probable
motive for the crime is the fact, weli
known in the neighborhood, that the old
man was in the habit of coming to Oak
land every Thursday and disposing of a
large amount of produce for cash. It is
known that on last Thursday . night he
had considerable monev with him. '*
He displayed this at the Half Way
House, a saloon on the Alvarado road,
when he stopped there at 5 o'clock that
afternoon to return a loan of $3 advance!
him by the landlady a few days before.
It is the theory of the officers that the
murder was committed by some one fa
miliar with Brodersen's customary time
of marketing. ¦
Another circumstance directs suspicion
against a hard character, whose name and
location is known to the officers. Broder
sen told one of his neighbors recently,
that he was roused from sleep a few
nights previously by a disturbance among
his chickens. He said that he took his
candle and went to the coop and found
there was some one inside evidently mak
ing way with some of his fowls. When
the Intruder was challenged, he attempted
to scare the old man. and threatened to
kill him if he attempted any interference.
Brodersen -was not frightened and went
after the fellow with both fists. When
the thief saw that he was getting the
worst of the fight he begged off. and said
that he was compelled to steal to support
his invalid mother. Brodersen let him off
on his promise to keep away and commit
no further depredations on those prem
ises. Now that Thursday night's tragedy
is being discussed, the Incident has been
recalled and the story is in the hands of
the officers. .
Mrs. Sarah Knutsen of 568 Twelfth
street, a cousin of Brodersen. spent the
day at Alvarado trying to find something
•definite regarding her kinsman's fate. She
said: "It seems as if no one could have
I had anything against my .cousin. The
I neighbors down there all assured me that
he had the best of reputations for peace
ableness. and they all said they would
stand by me in attempting to, bring his
murderers to Justice. - «. ,
"This talk about my cousin's poverty
is all nonsense. He was well' off, and I
know that he had a good .deal of money
wtth him when he started home Thursday
afternoon. He was here that day. He
often came in for a visit. I am his only
living relative. He has lived alone out
at Alvarado for about twenty-four years.
"My cousin was a fine shot- and very
fond of hunting. That explains his hav
ing so many weapons in the house. But
the murder was not committed with one
of these. We examined them all.
"It is too bad that the officers, or who
ever is to blame, neglected to notify the
Sheriff for so long after the body was
found. The murderer has such a long
start now that it seems doubtful whether
they can ever find him."
Deputy Sheriff George Wales said:
"Brodernen was murdered for the money
his assassin believed he would find on
the dead body. That much is settled.
Every point we uncovered leads to that
theory as the correct one. The pockets
were all turned out, and I am satisfied
the murderer laid in wait knowing Brod
ersen would return home with money. The.
old msri's habits must have been well
known to the mysterious murderer. It
was easy enough to hide behind the tangle
of bushes near the house and in a line
with the spot where the body was found.
Brodersen was shot from a distance of
not more than twelve feet from where he
fell. That is my estimate based upon my
knowledge of the effect of birdshot such
as killed the old man.
"So far as ditect clews are concerned
we have none. . Any footprints which
might have been left by the assassin were
obliterated by the rain. There are a'Jot
of stories about the old man's ability
as a fighter, and the suspicion that, he
may have quarreled with some one is? ta<
the air. But the murder was not one. tor,
revenge. It was cold-blooded robbery/-' 1
"His nearest neighbor was a quarter
of a mile distant. John Jensen, who lives
half- a mile away, says he heard a shot
about 6 o'clock Thursday night, but paid
no special attention to i it because there
had been so much, duck shooting . there
abouts. Brodersen, so far as we can
learn, was on good terms with all of his
neighbors and bore an excellent reputa
tion. There is no evidence that the mur
derer - ransacked the house or disturbed
anything: but the old man's clothing in
his search for money."
Dr.de Pue of Alvarado commenced an
autopsy this afternoon. Coroner Mehr
tnann will hold an innuest at Centervllle
on Wednesday. The Sheriff has directed
his men to keen closely to the case un
til every possible avenue of investigation
has been covered. ' Brodersen . was a na
tive of Denmark. He • had been in this
country thirty years, all except five of
which he had spent at Alvarado. •
They Are Firmly Convinced Slaying
Was Done in Cold Blood for
, , the Purpose of Bob-
Mystery About Killing
- of Broiersen.
Officers Fail to Clear Up
THINK MURDERER
SHOT FROM BRUSH
Sj>eciaJ Dispatch to Tb* C* 11
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— Mystery sur
rounds the death of Dr. John F. tspade.
whose lifeless body was found in bed In
his room on the second i!oor of the Max
well Lodging-house, Hal Maple avenue, at
2 o'clock this afternoon. Under the left
eye was a gunshot wound, surrounded by
pewder barr.s, and that it was not a case
of suicide the absence cf a weapon proved
limply.
The discovery was made by Mrs. T. M.
Clark, the landlady of the Maxwell
House. In trying to open the door she
found that It was unlocked, and, believ
ing that the doctor was absent from his
room, she entered to make up the bed.
Her lodger was lying upon his back in
bed. his body tucked under the bedclothes
a« if asleep. There was a wound under
his left eye, from which biood had flowed
hours before. The terrified woman hur
riedly left the room In search of her hus
band and told him what she had seen.
Nothing In Dr. Spade's room had been
touched on the Coroner's arrival. Th^ro
was no sign of a struggle anywhere. Tiie
Coroner found the «iead doctor dredged in
Ms nightclothes. The t.edelothir.g covered
hid to the shoulders. One arm was fold
ed over the body and tnc other hung over
The edte of the bed. On a chair clc>te by
¦was the clothing which the deceased had
worn. In a pocket at his vest was hi.-*
¦watch, still running, CMd in one of the
pockets of his trousers was J2 in small
change. Xo pistol cou-id be found in the
room.
Dr. Spade slept In a rcom facing on the
west side of Maple avenue, on the sec
ond floor. This floor is surrounded by a
porch. The room has two windows. Or.e
of these was unlocked, although closed:
the other was lowered three inches at the
top and raised three inches at the bot
tom, the lower part being protected by a
ecreen. No fingermarks were visible upon
the windows, such as might have been
left by some one seeking entrance to the
room from the porch. The door of the
room was unlocked and Dr. Spade's keys
¦were on the lr.side in the keyhole. H>*
was not in the habit of iockinc his door
¦when retiring: and had followed his usu:.l
custom when he went to his last sleep.
The only clew that could be eiven the
detective?* was that on Friday evening at
7:30 o'clock a man dressed in a llg-ht over
coat called upon Dr. Spade. He went up
etairs and shortly afterward the doctor
and his visitor went out toaether. This
was the Jast seen of the deceased.
It is presumed that I>r. Spade was Fhot
about <> o'clock in the morninc. At that
hour Mr. and Mrs. Clark were in their
own bedroom. They heard a sound which
might have been the report of a, pistol
shot, .but they thought it came from the
basf-mrnt. where the furnaceman was
li?htin£ the fire.
Henry and Palmer Tucker, who occupy
a room next to Dr. Spade's, also heard a
noise that appeared to them to be the re
jwrt of a pistol. They jumped out of bed
and looked out in the hall, but, seeing no
fine and hearing: nothing more, they re
entered their apartment. The Xurnace
man in the cellar remembored havinp
heard something like the muffled report of
a small firearm.
Dr. fipade had resided at the Maxwell
for a number of month?. The landlady
t=aid to-night that he had come to live at
the Maxwell In April of last year. He
was a magnetic healer, but had no up
town office. At times he was much de
pitssrd. He was considerably behind on
rent and la-mented his inability to satisfy
her claim.
Among his effect? wax found a letter
with a San Francisco date line, written
abcut Christmas, but bearing no address.
It was sijrned. "Your loving- daughter,
Elma." The letter was written in a hope
ful vein and expressed the wish that next
Chrlstmu would pee the whole family re
united s?nd prosperous.
An autopsy was held to-night- The
phyr!<-ian found that death had ensued
Instantly from a wound inflicted with a
S2-caiiber bullet, which had entered the
Fkull below the l<*?t eye. pierced the brain
end flattened itself apainst the back of
the «kull. crushing 1 Its ba.«e. The missile
had traveled downward and to the right.
After flattening itsolf apainst the skull
the bullet, smashed out of shape, glanced
back into the brain, where it was found.
Dr. John Frederick Spade was formerly
& mspnftic healer at fi29 Grove street, in
this city, where his wife and three chil
dren now reside. He went to Los Angeles
last March hoping to better his condition.
His wife received letters from him regu
larly, but evidently he was meeting poor
success; in a financial way. The last let
ter camo a few riays agn. The doctor had
no enr-mies so far as his family knows.
Bnaoe was a native of Germany, 50 years
old. His eldest boy Is a telegraph line
man. One daughter supports herself, and
Mrs. Sya/ie has had a hard time providing
for herself and the two younger children.
Ppade had lived in San Francisco about
rine months.
Bullet Wound Under the Left Eys
and the Absence of a Weapon
Point Clearly to
Murder.
Dr. John F. Spade of Los
Angelas Is Found Dead
in His Bed.
ASSASSIN SLAYS
A SLEEPING MAN
SECRETLY HARRY
BUT SAY NOT WHY
Olive Middleton and "William
Watt Long Since One.
OAKLAXD, Jan. 12.— But for the prompt
and heroic action of a young girl Mrs. J.
"W. Lucas of Fruitvale would have been
burned to death in the presence of her in
valid husband last night. Mr. Lucas,
who Is a well-known San Francisco busi
ness man, has been confined to his bed for
a year. When he saw the flames from
an open fireplace ignite his wife's clothing
and heard her cries of fear and pain he
Ftrusgled desperately to reach her, but
could not rise from his ted. Miss A.
Martin, a niece of Mrs. Lucas, who was
in an adjoining room, heard' her aunt's
screams and rushed to her assistance.
Seizing a blanket from the bed she threw
it about the trrrilied woman's body and
bepan to lx-at out the flames with her
naked hands. Uoth the girl and her aunt
were envt-lr.ped by the fire, which had by
this time burned Mrs. Lucas* clothing al
most tntirely from her body. Miss Mar
tin'? elothine took fire several times dur
ing- the conflict with the flames, but. en
couraged by the agonized pleadings of her
Uncle, the L>ra\e girl kept on until the
last spark was extinguished. When the
strain of the frightful accident was over
she fainted from the pain of the burns
about her face and hands. The Invalid
husband collapsed under the nervous
«h;>ck. which he endured in helplessly
watchingr the slrugxle with death, and
has been in a orecarious condition since
the accident occurred.
Dr. J. H. Cailen. who was summoned to
attend the vict.ms of the unfortunate af-
Failure to Pay Former "Wife
Alimony.
ATTACHMENT ISSUES FOR
EUGENE DEUPRET'S ARREST
Is Guilty of Contempt" of Court for
An attachment for the arrest of As
sistant District Attorney Eugene N. Deu
prey for contempt of court for failure to
pay his former wife. Florence L. Deuprey.
alimony in the sum of $100 a month wa^
issued yesterday oat or the Superior
Court.
Deuprey has usfd every technicality of
law and every subterfuge in an effort to
defeat his former wife's claim to main
tenance at his hands. During the trial of
the Hoff case he was ordered to jail for
contempt of court, but as this would have
delayed the trial :i suspension of judg
ment was ordered. In the interim Dcu
prey filed affidavits j.leading poverty and
appealed to the Supreme Court for relief
on the ground that Ijeing an officer of the
Superior Court he could not be found
guilty of contempt thereof.
His efforts to evade the consequences
of his violation of the court's order have
not availed him, however, and the turn
key awaits his coming in the custody of a
Deputy Sheriff.
GIRL SAVES HER
AUNT FROM FIRE
Kxeiting Scene Takes Place Be
fore Invalid Husband.
It was suspected that Fitzgerald had
taken some kind of poison with suicidal
Intent. He has of late been somewhat de
spondent, but his friends scout the idea
ol his having made away with himself.
"William J. Fitzgerald, who. was at one
time a special officer but who for the last
two years has lived off the earnings of a
woman who acted as waitress in Myer's
saloon, fell dead in that resort last night,
and a suspicion of suicide has entered into
the case. — '
Fitzgerald walked into, the saloon last
night, and after greeting one or two
friends walked to the bar'and ordered a
drink. He had drained the glass and set
it down when his head was ?een to drop
to one side. Before assistance could
reach him he lay on the floor. The police
were called and Fitzgerald was taken to
the Harbor Hospital, but on arrival there
he was found to be dead.
Officer, Is Speedily Taken Off
in Saloon.
William J. Fitzgerald, Ones Special
Mrs. Lucas says that she was passing in
front of the fireplace, which is In th*« room
where her husband's bed had been placed,
when a spark snapped out from the fire,
lodging in her skirt. The garment was
made of cotton fabric .and the flames had
enveloped her in an instant's time. She
was about to ~ive up the unequal contest
with the fire when Miss Martin came to
her rescue.
CALLS FOR DRINK AND
DRINKING FAT.T.S DEAD
"Both ladies are badly burned, but I do
not expect sericus results in the case of
either of them."
'As it is. I expect the most serious re
sults from the nervous shock to Mr. Lu
cas. He has been confined to his bed-' for
a year with ulcers on the lower- limbs.
His malady has so sapped his vitality that
it is impossible for him to stand alone.
When he saw what hnd happened he
struggled up to a sitting posture, a thing
ho had been unable to do for months, and
tried to go to his wife's help. He was un
able to get any farther than the edge of
the bed, and the torture he endured in
seeing her clothing afire has completely
unstrung his nerves.
fair, paid: "It was admirably done. Mrs.
Lucas owes her life to her niece's brave
and intelligent action. The latter was by
far the greater sufferer.- She managed to
prevent her aunt from being seriously
burned, but was herself severely scorched
about the hands, arms and*, face. Mrs.
Lucas' outer dress was entirely burned
off. The young lady in going to her as
sistance chose a woolen blanket with
which to smother the flames. Otherwise
she could not have prevented a fatal out
come of the accident.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— The Foreign Office
here declares the report of the cession of
the Newchwang-Shan Hal Kuan Railroad
to Russia by Lord Salisbury, as an
nounced by the Dally Chronicle this morn
ing, is unfounded. It points out that
Great Britain has no power to cede- It. aa
the railroad is Chinese property. More
over, it i.s stipulated that it shall not be
mortgaged to any foreign Government or
company.
There have been reports that Russian
agents are endeavoring to buy out tho
British interest, but the British Govern
ment is not connected therewith. Repre
sentations have been made to Russia. In
behalf of the English bondholders, as the
action of the Russian officials is consid
ered to have exceeded the military re
quirements, and the question of compen
sation will come up when the line Is re
stored to its owners. A convention on
thi3 subject is now under discussion.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— In view of a
published dl3patch frjm Pekinr crlticU-
Ing the course of Minister Conger for hav
ing signed the joint demands of the pow
ers after he is alleged to have been aware
that the State Department disapproved of
the use of the word ''irrevocable '* it is
said at the State Dcpcitmeat in justice to
Mr. Conger that the criticism Is basedonly
on a partial knowledge of the facets ami
that as a matter of fact Mr. Conger sub
sequently was authorized to sigm the "Ir
revocable" demands aim that he did sign
with a reservation wnich he had been di
rected to attach. The matter Is looked
upon as a closed incident and there is no
disposition to hold Mr. Conger culpable
under the circumstances.
State Department Justifies the Recent
Action, of Conger and the In
cident Is Now Regarded
as Closed.
Chinese Prcpsrty and Could
Not Be Turned Over
to Russia.
RAILWAY HIS
NOT BEER CEDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
OAKLAND. Jan. ; 12.— Judge Hall to-day
issued a decree 1 of. divorce to Mrs. Helen
C. : Klnsner, separating -her- from -J.iM.
Kinsner. - The - complaint ? was made .:- on
the ground of extreme cruelty. -
Divorce Gran Jed:
. The apple of the eye is rather visionary
fruit. --
Costly^ Curio.
;: BERKELEY. ; Jan. •¦ 12.-While -watching
a Sheriff's j sale, in curiosity shop
Roy Holt. 'i a! local ! printer '; picked up an
old brass Mexican spur and put It Into his
pocket. He was arrested, by Deputy Mar
shal Kerns and fined $20 by Justice Edgar."
' The Columbian Banking . Company
yesterday elected the following directors:
t. J. Truman. W. S. Miller. Colonel J. O.
Currier, C. O. Perry, F. L. Turpin,
John Coop and R. L. Lilienthal. I. J.
Truman was elected president, W. S.
Miller vice president. Colonel J. C. Cur
rier secretary, F. L. Holland cashier, and
C. A. Smith assistant cashier. The usual
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 6 per
cent per annum or. the capital stock was
declared.
Banking Company Elects Officers.
Personal.
Judge S. L.. Carter of Fresno la at tha
Lick.
Senator J. C. Sims is a late arrival at
the Lick. ,
Dr. J. E. M»ad of Detroit 1b a late ar
rival at the Palace.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is
registered at the Lick.
Dr. B. R. : Ward of the United States
army is at the California,
Baron Leo von Roeenbersr is back at
the Palace after an extended . trip East.
25
THE DAY'S DEAD.
&$ ADVERTISEMENTS. J
, -£.
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed MaiL
No C. O. D. or DEPOSIT SCHEME. "*!
"CALTIIOS* la pnt before yon on it* merits
alone. Try it and pnt it to the teat. Try 1% Fwe.
There is no security required— no C. O. D. schem».
bend us your name and address, and w« will tend ,
yon enough *• CALTHOS" to last fl»» days. It
will be sent In a sealed package by mall.
In the quiet of your home yon can try It and se*
I "All corr^poudenc© relating to the CA1THOS
department of our business is strictly confidential.
We neither publish nor furnish te«S'«n«> n '*j3;__ „
"The inarrelnas French remedy "CVaVTHOS."
recently introduced in this country by the Von Mohl
Co.. of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of tha largest, richert
and mout responsible business flrnw in th« united
State*, haa attracted the attention of -tho entire
medical profusion because of the -wonderful cures
it has effected. If yon suffer from Lost Manhood.
Varicocele. Weakness of any nature in the Sexual
Orgnn* or Nerfea. (no matter how caiued), or if tha
parts are mxinTelop"! or have shrunken or wasted
mwar "CAtTIIOS" will rentore yon.
"CALTHOS" is a French discovery by Prof.
lain Laborde. famed in Paris as France** foremost
'"^CALTHOS « is the only remedy recognized by
the medical profession as a specific cure for weak men.
•• CALTHOS T haa the endorsement of the Ger-
man and French governments, and is largely naed tq
the standing armies of those countries. •
Address applications tor trial treatment to
The VON MOHL CO.. 176 C,
fT15 Market St. S.F. i Shattuck Av.BerkoIey^
Anb & VTash'n. Oak Central At. Alameda. A
f :tt & Wood. Oak. |S9S. 1st St., 6anJo«e. W
¦ A . . ¦ 917 Washington Street. Oakland. A
Sardines a
\ Genuine sardines in — „ Trw ,T
f finest olive oil. Beg. 15c. c & n IOCJ
I Extra Soda Crackers }
# SSL io-lb. box 3 5 ci
Cocoanut r
A Slireddwd. Same .,rniti/3 -mnd
as la package. pOUHU IOCf
J Royal Baking Powder J
J ?ES&." d pound can 35 cf
(Graham Crackers J
?orih^r^° pOUnd IOcJ
iFig Bars pound ioc^
\ R*jpul*r 15e. V
J French Vermouth *1
f NoiUr. Pratt A Co. Iv-»fr1f» -r\n^
A Regular euc. DOttlC
Lawrence Tonic Pc/t a
t SK 1 " gallon 6ocJ
(fCherries in Brandy 4
A D.&O.-for cocktails U-.ffi^ Ar\ r \
W and dewwta. Reg-TSc DOttie OOC^
f American P ; con d
J &g* r bottle $i. 15 J
\ Domestic Porter \
J rSJ&3& . dozen 8 5 cJ
Jjesse Moore Whiskey J
J Genrine. fotfc y^
#Kellogg's Whiskey J
£ JS2SS&* bottle 7 5cj
yKjn^ r^^^^^^ iFKi&^&xi 7 **^^!^ w "^y^*^ Wi^* iv3The following named have been Installed
as officers of San Francisco Chapter of
the American Guild: Mary E. , Waldo,
governor; C. , Huff schmldt, vie© governor;
J. C. "Cullen, secretary and treasurer;
Mrs. M. Bowman. -chaplain; J. de Cour
cey, warden; Henry Huffschmldt. senti
nel; Drs. de la Fontaine, De Long and
Bettencourt, physicians. ,' The installing
officer was Past Governor and Deputy Su
preme Governor M. L.~ Asher. r
The American Guild.
An engine house and apparatus is needed for
the protection of . residents of Nuevo Potrero
district.
Money should also be furnished for the im
provement of other . Mission parks— Franklin,
Jackson. Buena Vista and Falrmount parks.
In. other sections, notably the Western Addi
tion, all. the park3 are being cared for, while
the squares In the Mission and Potrero districts
are nejclected.
The • Army street sewer should be extended
to Colusa stre-et to drain into the bay, • instead
of -draining on the marsh near San Bruno road.
• Mcney should be set aside for the Improve
ment of Holly Park and the grading and pav
ing of Holly Park avenue. Funds should also
be provided for the paving of Potrero avenue
and In front of the City and County Hospital.
Among the urgent needs are the construc
tion of two bridges across the Southern Paci
fic 'Railroad embankment, one at Mount Ver
r.on avenue, and another across Miguel street.
A- culvert should be built under Diamond street
tat ;£an Jcee road, and the street raised to
grade. ; - i , * - .
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs filed a communication with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday request
ing that, an appropriation of $300,000 be
made for Improvements In the Mission
district. The communication says:
Federation of Improvement
Club3 Petition Supervi
sors for $300,000.
WANT MONEY TO
IMPROVE MISSION
",The officers 'of Loyal Circle of the Com
panions • of .tho Forest .will ; be publicly, In
stalled in/; the Foresters' building to-mor-
Companions ' of - the Forest.
- Ine grand officers will pay a visit to the
Vallejo Hospitlum' ; this ; afternoon, » on
which occasion a special meeting will -be
held for the: purpose of Installing the offi
cers... The ball. given by, this hospitlum on
New Year's eve was a great success:
The officers of San Francisco Hospitlum*
No. 1 of the Bohemians of 'America have
been installed for the current term by
Grand Chief Host H. P. Mehrmann, as
sisted t>y Grand Marshal Heany. '¦¦-. The
membership that witnessed the interest
ing ceremony taxed the seating 5 capacity
of the hall to the fullest. There were vis
iting hosts from Oakland, Vallejo and San
Jose. - Following the installation there
was an adjournment to tne banquet hall,
where an excellent supper was served.
Then followed speeches, songs, recitations
and stories in quick succession. ¦ As a
close to the'very enjoyable evening mem
bers and guests stood and sang: the Bo
hemian song, "Fill . Up . the , Tankards."
The event was - r a ; red •• letter ¦'- one ¦ in - the
functions of this hospitlum. . :
Tho officers of Oakland Hospitlum have
been installed by Past Grand Chief Host
T. J." Crowley,- assisted by Grand: Record-
Inf Host ..William 1 . F.->Conolleyv.. This hos
pitlum has a. membership of.325,:and Is
receiving from 1 five to .twenty applications
a week: The popular grand marshal "Ach
Louie" Is amember. = :-;::.
Bohemians of America.
Bvery member of the National -Guard of the
various States should lose no time In exprcs«-
Ing to the Representatives of his State In Con
gress hie ftrons: disapproval of I the bill re
cently introduced In that body by the Secre
tary, of War for the reorganization of the
National Guard. It la proposed • that the Na
tional Guard forces of the various States be
combined In one body to be called "the United
States reserve.", under the direction of the Sec
retary of War, and subject to all his whims,
and caprices. For years, the regular army has
endeavored to obtain control of the "Guard,"
and It must not be- allowed to do so now under
the cover of a bill so Ingeniously worded as
to leave the impression that , f? tn te organiza
tions are not Interfered with, •when as a mat
ter of fact, if this bill becomes a law. the
present organization of the "Guard" of the
various State* will be completely "wiped out."
The bill that has been introduced In
Congress for the reorganization of tho>
National Guard in the -United States haa
attracted considerable attention in guard
circles in this city ana has been discussed
at some length. The Northwestern
Guardsman of Minneapolis in the current
number says editorially:
Information from Washington. D. C. ia
to the effect that the Ordnance Bureau of
the War Department has decided that the
National Guard companies of the several
States are to be armed with the Krag-
Jorgensen rifles within six months and
that the Sprlngflelds are to be recalled.
General Miles has stated that It is tho
intention to hereafter equip the guard in
each .State' the same as the regular armv
and. fit it to. take the rtcldon twenty-four
hours*, notice if necessary. \
There is talk already of having a di
vision encampment In this State during
the current year. The term usually is ona
week, but there are >>ome who are of tho
opinion that the mobilization of the State
troops at one point for a period of a week
means the expenditure of a large sum of
money without any corresponding bene
fit to. the men who are sent to the camp to
be Instructed. It is sili that in the sjiicrt
period they cannot learn hardly anything
but that which can ba taught them- in the
armory and that the time of encampment
ought to be extended* to two weeks if
not three weeks so that the field, rank
and file would have an opportunity to ac
quire practical knowledge as to the duties
of the soldier and practical knowledge
In performing them nn:l. further, that all
camp duties and field maneuvers in camp
or field should be under the supervlslon;ot
a competent instructor from the United
States armv.
F. Sixth Infantry; Captain E. Weyand,
Second Infantry; Lieutenant George W.
Meyers, Company I, Fifth Infantry; Lieu
tenant W. N. Harris, commissary, Sixth
Infantry; Lieutenant W. L. Williams, sig
nal corps. Third Brigade; Captain C. E.
Goodell, Company C. First Infantry: Lieu
tenant Charles H. Brown. Company C,
Seventh Infantry, and Lieutenant Alba M.
Hutt, Company D, Seventh Infantry, have
been accepted.
Lieutenant Herman Huber, commissary.
First Infantry, and Captain Ira A. Roble,
adjutant, Second Infantry, have been
placed on the retired list.
Rev.: Father Prendergast V. G., will
preach in | St. Mary's Cathedral , at the 11
o'clock mass this. morning. After vespers
Rev. E. P. Dempsey will preach. ,
"^iRev. B. Calzia, S. J.,'will deliver the ser
mon* at i the 1 10:30 mass . % in St. Ignatius
Church to-day. : In tho evening Rev. R.
Bell. S/J., v will i, deliver the sermon..
*vThe GospeUcf, Hope", wlli-.be the sub
ject of Rev. W. M.. Woodward's sermon
at? the Epworth v Methodist Episcopal
Church this morning.- ' In the evening he
will preach on "Old. Foes With New
.Faces."' ., - ;': ¦ : ' '¦•-¦- '.: :"--•."
¦> Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard-street , Methodist . Episcopal
Church, will preach this . morning on
"Lessons of : the Century."
Milton 7 D. Buck.; pastor of Trinity
Methodist- Episcopal Church, will preach
this morning i on ."Spiritual Earrenness"
and in the evening on "Spiritual Fruitful
ness.", ¦ ; * ; : . ' '• v "¦- -~>* ¦" ¦.*¦ '¦-..;
Rev.. E.' A. Woods, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, will preach this morning
on ''What Is Your Life?" and in the even
ing on "Christianity, Old and New." v
Rev/ F. K. Baker, pastor of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church, will preach
this morning; on "The 'Great Motive for
Christians Living at Their Best." In the
evening the topic of his sermon will be
"Victory Over Sin and Death Through
Christ." '¦.'¦'¦¦ . ¦¦'..
Revl George C. Adams, pas.tor of the
First Congregational Church, will preach
this morning on "A King Who Knew No
Joseph." In the evening the subject of
his sermon will be "A Living Soul, or a
Life-giving! Spirit." - . V :
"The First Church of Christ (Scientist),
which holds services every Sunday morn-
Ing at 223 Sutter street, will devote this
morning's services to a discussion on
"Life."
"Mystery" will be the subject of a ser
mon to be preached this evening to the
congregation of the Simpson Memorial
Church by Its pastor. Rev. John Stephens.
Rev. William- Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Problems of. the Poor," and
in the evening on "Giotto, the Shepherd
Artist, and the Gospel of His Work," •
Rev. Philip Coombe, pastor, of the Rich
mond Congregational Church, will address
a meeting for young, men at the Young
Men's Christian Association this.after
noon. '
Rev. F. Vernon Jones, pastor of the
Park Congregational Church, will preach
at both services, in the morning on "True
Baptism'' and in the evening on "An
chors."
Rev. John Hemphill, pastor of Calvary
Presbyterian Church, is still confined to
his bed by illness. Rev. Charles H. Caton,
an'eminent Chicago divine, will preach at
both services. In the morning his topic
will be "Life's Amplest Open Door." In
the evening he will preach a sermon to
young people on "Faith, the Conservative
Factor in Human Life."
Rev. E. H. Avery, pastor of the "West
minster Presbyterian Church, will preach
this evening on "Everything Beautiful."
Professor David Starr Jordan, president
of Stanford University, will occupy the
pulpit of the First Unitarian Church this
evening and deliver an interesting ad
dress on "Education." This will mark
the second number of the excellent series
of practical talks by practical men. Judg
ing by the fine attendance at the initial
lecture, which was delivered last Sunday
evening by F. W. Dohrmann, president of
the Merchants' Association, the series is
very popular. In the morning Rev. Brad
ford Leavitt, pastor of the church, will
preach a sermon on "The Kind of a
Church the World Needs."
Stanford President Will Lec
ture at First Unitarian
Church.
JORDAN TO TALK
0N "EDUCATION"
Monday night a delightful theater party,
followed by a supper at a downtown res
taurant, was enjoyed by Miss B. Mohr,
Dr. C. B. Root, Miss E. Thode. J. A. Kline,
Miss S. Meyer, Dr. von der Lieth, Miss F.
Gambetz, Dr. J. C. Stinson. Miss C. Ernst,
Mr.' Lester, Miss F. Katz, Dr. L. R. Gam
bitz, H. A. Kennedy. Miss T. Meyer, Wil
liam Hess, Miss L. Maier, A. Wlruflt, B. L.
Gambitz, H. Windt and Mr. and Mrs. W.
Hoffman.
The Phi Psl Fraternity gave a I trolley
party on Saturday evening, January 5,
and entertained its young lady friends.
After a ride over numerous roads the
members and their guests were taken to
the Cliff House and from there to th.j
home of one of the members, where sup
per was served.
The Sine Cura Club gave a very enjoy
able theater party on New Year's eve at
the Tivoli. All the members attended an.l
after the performance adjourned to the
residence of the Misses Keneftck, where
an- elaborate supper had been prepared
and a very enjoyable evening spent. .
The Christmas graduates of the Hamil
ton Grammar held their party at Franklin
Hall, Friday. December 2S, 1900. The prin
cipal, feature of the evening was the
polonaise, which was led by Miss Leona
Macolgan and Miss Irene Lesser, assisted
by Joseph Farthing and Oliver Preston.
At 10:30 light refreshments were served.
Among those present were: The Misses
Mae and Amy Barry/ Ethel and Ernie
Dowling, Leona Macolgan Ethel Northan.
Loretta Brady. Anita Bifus, Sophie Loh
man. Myrtle Smith, Alma Copche, Lulu
Griindell, Edna Hansen. Grace Abbott.
Lillian Plathe, Ethel Williams. Alec Bifuu.
Walter Smith, Allan Abbott, George
Thomas, Josephine White, Walter Macol
gan, AdraJne Macolgan, Leon Isaacs, Wil
liam Forbes, Oliver Preston, Harold
Pracht, Walter Swartz, Charles Daniei-,
Arthur Bennet and Norman Benson.
The banquet given last Sunday night by
the Old Friends at a downtown rotlsserie
was highly enjoyed by all present. Judge
T. J. Crowley presided and was ably as
sisted by Dr. F. F. Lord. J. E. Slinkey.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell and Jean Loupy. The
annual election of officers of the society
will be held the latter part of this month.
The third assembly and' german of the
Club Parties.
street. The evening was spent with',
games until the closing of the year and
then while the orchestra played ' "Auld
Lang Syne," the guests filed into the
dining-room and toasted the old and tha
new centuries. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. F. Barry, Mr. and Mrs. D. Mur
den. Miss Jennie Hansen, S. Rees, H. C.
But man, Mr. and Mrs. W. Goode, Mis.
A. Gervitsen, Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Fazack
erly and Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Peden. »
Mrs. W. T. Hooper of 2905" Bush street
gave a. dinner on Friday to Mr. and Mrs.
John Angove (nee Williams) of Grass Val
ley. Covers were laid for eight. '/
An enjoyable new century party was
given by Mrs. Friedlander and the Missc3
Leavltt and Berliner, Monday. December
31, 1900, at their residence, 430A Fulton
street, to fifty of their friends. Just
after midnight an elaborate supper was
served, during which Newton Cohen acted
as toastmaster.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Walker gave an in
formal Thursday evening, January 10, at
their residence, 1319 Pine street. In honor
of Miss Agnes Bell and Miss Fernald Bell,
the charming daughters of Mr. and Mrs
Frank Bell of Reno, Nev. The evening
was spent In various amusements, Intor
persed with music and dancing. At mid
night refreshments ware served. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Walker, Mr. and Mrs. James Massie, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Bell, Dr. and Mrs. Henry
Bergsteln, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, Upton,
Mrs. J. D. Short. Miss Acnes Bell, Miss
Fernald Bell. Miss Jannett Hood, Miss
Georgio Hood, Miss lone Fennlngton, Miss
McGregor, Mls3 Cray, Miss Llllie de Woif.
Miss Bessie de Wolf, Frank Bradley Tas
kett. Herbert Ashlev Taskett. Dr. R.
Emery Peck, Archie Ci-aig, Drummond
Craig, Charles' Upton, Charles de Woif,
J. Victor Massle, John Gregory, Beverly
Taylor, George Hensley, Frank Robinson,
Mr. Crawford, Mr. Dean, Mr. Gray.
A splendid reception was tendered to
Miss Tessie Goette last Sunday evening
at her residence, 424 Devlsadero street, in
honor of her engagement to John L. Mol
lenhauer. The rooms were elaborately
decorated, and after a number of musical
selections a supper was served. A large
number of Invited guests were present and
all had a pleasant evening.
Cotillon Club 1900 took place at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Hall on January 4. The lead
er,of the german was S. E. Los. Those
in the first set were S. A- Youijg, J. B.
Matthews. R. Schord, W. Schord, B. P.
Gleason. J. Lavin, R. Gleason, P. Sharpe,
L." Faure J. C. Crooks. G. J. Schmidtz, E.
Ahadie. W. Moulder. Miss Anabelle Flow
ers, Miss Blanche Flowers, Miss Estella
Flowers, Miss Georgia Macpherson, Miss
Maud Pabst, Miss Caprice Watson, Miss
Maudr Lardiner, Miss Alice Merry, Miss
Lulu Glaser. Miss Alice Harrison. Miss
Daisy Young," Miss Carrie Gardiner, Miss
Daisy Holjle.
In the Future.
The Astorlas announce their, thirteenth
assembly Tuesday evening, February 5, at
Golden Gate Hall.
The ladies of the German Club will give
their opening party at Golden Gate Hall
on Thursday evening, January 17.
The Sine Cura Club announce their first
hop for the new century for Thursday
evening next, the 17th inst., at Hinman's
Hall, Twenty-first and Howard streets.
This is the club's ninth assembly, and
judging from the numerous requests for
invitations it bids fair to outdo all the
past affairs held by this . very - popular
Mission organization. Thevcommlttees In
charge have, been unsparing in their ef
fortsfor success and the club's rules will
be strictly adhered to. Following are the
committees: Arrangements — George F.
Welch, Joseph A. Kendrick and John A.
O Brien; reception— Margaret A. Collum,
Benjamin J. Crawford. Frances B. Gaugh
ran. Julia A. Kenertck. Albert Hennessy;
Margaret E. McCarthy. Frank P. Bray
and Loretto M. Lahaney; floor— John A.
O'Brien, Edna "O'Neil. Will Sullivan,
Kathryn A. Bolman, Agnes C. Kendrick,
George F. "Welch and Mary P.. Kenefick.
The Columbia Minstrels will give their
next monthly entertainment and dance
Friday evening, January 18, at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
Sailed Away.
Personals.
The passenger list of the steamship Al
ameda, which sailed for Honolulu. Pago
Pago. Auckland and Sydney on Thurs
day, January S, was as follows: For Hon
olulu— Miss E. Adams, F. Andrade, Mrs.
H. C. Austin, H. Z. Austin and wife, C.
P. Baughman, Mrs. Q. H. Berrey, Bruce
Bonny and wife, Edgar Caypless. Mrs. E.
W. Davies, E. A. Fraser and wife, Mrs.
L. D. Frasher, Captain E. S. Grogan and
wife, W. C. Hare, Mrs. M. Hayes, Miss
Holland, J. Houtz. A. W. Howe, T. E.
Hudson, C. E. Innis, J. Jenkins, C. Jen
sen. Miss E. J. Johnson, B. Lathrop, Misa
E. Leary. C. B. Lemmon, W. Lougher, J.
R. Lougher, C. .A. Mackintosh, William
Neustadt, E. A. P. Nev/comb, Mrs.
S. L. Newcomb, G. D. O'Neal,
Mrs. M. B. Owen, P. M. Pond and
wife. J. W. Reighley. Miss M. A. Russell,
C. F. Scholl and wife. Mrs. T. C. Smith,
B. Solomon and wife, M. J. Stevens, H. P.
Walton, E. J. Watt. S. G. - Wilder, wife
and infant and Paxton Wright. For Pago
Pago-Mrs. M. B. iMcGlff and N. M.
Weaver and valet. For Auckland— J. B.
Beaston. Dr. P. 'i'. Herring. C. J. Hutch-
Inson. F. V. Raymond and Mrs. G." S.
Skinner. For Sydney— J. Amschel, Dr. A.
J. Bennett and wife, Dr. E. T. Brooke, I.
Chapman and wife, Master J. Chapman,
John M. F*uller, John Hall and wife. Cap
tain-A. Heldmann. F. Murphy, Miss A.
Price, J. W. Sandford. G. F. Thompson,
J. Wehner and A. West and wife.
Mrs. E. S. Sllverstono will be pleased to
see her friends at 131S Sutter street on the
third Friday of each month.
Mrs. Simon Levy will.be at home the
second, Mondav of each month at Hotel
Miramar. 703 Geary st.
Mrs. Sol Getz will receive her friends on
the last Thursday of each month.
Mrs. -L.Gassner will be at home on the
third Friday of each month at 14S0 Page
street.- *
Mrs. Perl E. Allen and baby of L03
Gatos. who have been spending the holi
days with Mrs. W. F. Hooper, 2905 Bush
street, returned home on Thursday, Janu
ary 3. ¦ -' '.."¦'¦ *.' ' ' "' f .
Mrs. M. 'E. Carleton.'who has resided
in the East for over a year past, has re
turned to California, and Is at present
making her home in San Jose. I
'Miss Bessie Grodjinsky * of Seattle,
.Wash.. :,is located at 1S25A Sutter street
for a- few. weeks. \ • . ,
Frieda Levy, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Jacob Levy of 611 Octavia' street,' to Leo
Ancker of Tehachapi. : - • • > - •-'
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Funge announce
the engagement of their daughter, Mis3
Nannie P. Funge, to Arthur L. Daves.
"Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Clarence R. Stern of
San Diego and Miss Ethyl Wacholder
took" place Sunday afternoon, January 0,
at the home of the bride's parents, 16tl
O' Farrell street. Only relatives were pres
ent. Rev. M. S. Levy performed the cere
mony. Miss Beatrice Weissbein of Grass
Valley acted as rlns-bearer. Charles A.
Stern, brother of the groom, acted as best
man. llr. and Mrs. Stern left Wednesday
for San Diego, where they will make their
home.
Hosts Gatherings.
On December 31, 1900. a birthday party
was given by Mr. and Mrs. Diehl to their
daughter Elizabeth at their home, 1769
Stockton street. Dancing and singing and
different games were kept up till an early
hour in the morning. At 12 o'clock a very
elaborate supper was served. The rooms
were beautifully decorated with holly and
mistletoe. The Invited guests were: Mr.
and Mrs. Diehl, Mr. and Mrs. Jung, Mr.
and Mrs. Schild, Mr. and Mrs. Boredie,
Mr. and Mrs. Hagen, Mr. and Mrs. Hlnze.
Misses E. Diehl. A. Jung, E. Jung, L.
Jung, K. Jung, E. Beckman, L. Schaffer,
K. Wissig, L. Prentible. A. Sieberlich, T.
Schlmpf, L. Zimmer, R. Young, L. Da
mond, E. Winship, M. Adamie, C. Beck
man, M. Sieber, J. Morrison. M. Egan;
Messrs. H. N. Diehl, C. Diehl, C. Scnild,
C. Young, K. Bender, F. Stoll, H. Diehl,
G. Lang, J. Lang. J. Gook. A. Rewbold,
M. Schulz, G. Bowliall. P. Marrisol, F.
Nieblingr. V. McEnhill and F. Kast.
A delightful birthday party was given
in honor of the Misses Alice and Cassie
Byrne on Saturday evening at their pa
rents' residence, 222 Eleventh street.
Among those present were the Misses
Alice and Cassie Byrne, Alice Toomey,
Reta Barron, Alice Wren, Catherine Lee,
Celia Manton, Lorraine Olsen, Alice Lee.
(Jertie Norton. Ada Mullaney, Mamie Lee.
Helen Norton, Mamie lvileallon, Alice
Ely. Alice Shea, Rosa Lee, Margie Shea,
Mayme Dugan. Mae Manton, Kit Manton,
Master Tonnie Toomev. Joe Lee, Rob
Donahue, Will Kilg:ulon, Frank Dona
hue, Ed Toomey, Johnnie Kilgallon, Vin
cent Toomey, Will Lee, Jim Griffin, Ed
Byrne, Mr. and Mrs. M. Byrne, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Bacon. Mr. and Mrs. J. Wren,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Donahue, Mr. and Mrs.
Ed Toomey. Mrs. Manton, Mrs. Kilgallon.
A pleasant New Years party was heid
at 3417 Twenty-sixth street on Monday
evening, December 31, VM. Those present
were: Eugene de Sparr, Miss LJllle Wlcht.
John Kamna, Miss A. Sullivan, Robert de
Sparr. Miss Josle O'Xeal, Bisk Amlot,
Miss Mamie de Sparr, August Amiot, Miss
Maud Ruline, James Murphy, Miss M.
McDonald. Ben Cullen. Miss Mabel Shaw.
A. very enjoyable New Year's party was
given by the Comus Club at the residence
of Miss Ida Steller, M7 Fell street. The
rooms were tastefullv decorated with
ferns and flowers. Ihe evening was
passed in games and dancing until mid
night, when the guests adjourned to the
dining-room, where a sumptuous repast
was served. Covers were laid for thirty.
The members of the club are the Misses
Georgie Tozer, Sadie Fiack, Hattie Game,
Anna Schieef, Ida Steller. Kettle Comei
ford, Ida English and Elsie Dunn. Th«
guests were: Misses Ethel Shultz, Irene
Crowley, Clara Graton. Frances Fitchen.
Blanche Pennlngton, Kathleen O'Connor:
Messrs. F. Muhlner, G. Glidden, C. Kern,
A. Sudgen, E, Moss, CL Bradford; L. Stel
ler. R. Tozer, L. Stewart, A. Sullivan, G.
Hull. F. Lucas. R. Cooie and C. Steller.
One of the most enioyable evenines oC
the season was the social gathering-, given
by Mrs. Flora Karlson at her residence,
348 Grove street, on Sunday evening. Jan
uary 6. The evening was spent In con
versation, music, sinking and dancing.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.- Dave
Karlson, T. Boas, Miss Sarah Sobosch,
Mrs. Helen Vorms, Miss Tillie Godchaux,
Mrs. Ray Roth, Miss L. Godchaux,
Mies Kate Offer, Mr. and Mrs. Saunders.
Ml6* Palmayer Vorms, Max Boas, Mr<.
C. Borren, Miss Bessie, Borren. Mrs.
Baum. Mrs. Mendel3on, Misses Baum,
Miss Matilda Byer. At midnight a sump
tuous repast was served.
A very pleasant new century party was
given by Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Peden last
Monday evening to about twenty-flv»
guests at their cozy home, 2520 Market
COLONEL O'NEIL'S
GENERAL ORDER
Commanding Officers Are
Warned to Make Prompt
Returns.
Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil, commanding
the First ' Regiment of Infantry, has is
sued his first "general orders" since he
assumed command. These direct that dur
ing the retirement of Captain and Regi
ment Adjutant A. J. Kelleher, Lieutenant
W. H. Tobin, inspector of rifle practice,
ehall act as adjutant, without being re
lieved of his duties as inspector of rifle
practice.
There shall be at least six battalion
drills for each battalion each year, exclu
sive of any that may be had at encamp
ments. The dates aro to be fixed by the
majors commanding.
The following is the formation of bat
talions, companies in line from right to
left:
First Battalion— Companies.... I G B K
2. 4 3 1
Second BattaHon— Companies... Ii CD L
¦ . 2 - 4 3 1
Third Battalion— Companies.... A E M !•'
Company drills will be held on the follow
ing days of the week:
Monday— Companies B, C. O. I and the band.
Tuesday— Companies F ar.d K and the fleM
music. ' .
Wednesday — Companies E and H.
Thursday — Companies A and 1*
Friday— Companies D and M.*
Captain William N. Swasey, Company
G; First Lieutenant Edward D. Finley of
Company K and Second Lieutenant Albert
C. Adler of Company L have been ap
pointed on the regimental examining
board, to serve until the 1st of next April.
All company commanders have. been no
tified that a school for non-commissioned
officers has been established, with Lieu
tenant Colonel John F. Connolly as in
structor, and that they are to notify their
non-coms, to attend the school regularly
on the fourth Thursday of each month.
The commanding officers have also been
notified to at once "squad their men," so
that the entire command may be notified
on short notice.
Major Thomas J. McCreagh has been
appointed summary court officer, to serve
until: June 30.
Corporal Almy A. Lawton, Company M,
has at his own request been returned to
the ranks. The appointment by the com
pany commander of W. H. Doscher to be
first sergeant of Company F, vice Sur
ryhne, has been confirmed. ' '
Twenty men have been discharged from
Company H, four from F, three each from
C and M and two from G. The causes
were: Removal nine, expiration of term
four, good of the servico and by two
thirds vote three each, and exempt one. ¦
General orders , ' from , Sacramento an
nounce that many commanding -officers
are careless in making and forwarding
reportg and returns, that the, practice
must be stopped, and that if commanding
officers fall to have such returns in with
in twenty-one days. after- the expiration
cf the time when such should be made
the names of delinquents will," be pub
lished In orders, unless the delay Is occa
sioned by some unusual circumstance or
condition satisfactorily explained at head
quarters. ; ;
Captain Edwin Bunnell. surgeon sani
tary corps, has been detailed to act on the
medical examining board during the ab
sence of Captain P. J. H. Farrell, absent
on leave.
Colonel H. I. Seymour, commanding the
Second' Infantry ¦ baa be*n" appointed a
member of the Third Brigade examining
board, vice Peeler, relieved.'/ i ;¦¦¦
-The resignations of Lieutenant J. H.
Slmms, Company C, . Seventh Infantry;
Lieutenant F. O. T. Trowbridge, Company
IN SOCIETY
/J'~_ --/HE swell set made merry dur
¦' i ing the ra»-t week, dividing
/7 I th^ir attention equallj- between
J V - I several FmaU affairs and the
\^—^y big ball at ihe Palace on
Wodr.erday oveninsr.
I>r. and Mrs. Clyde Payne
pave a ri'.nnrr a: their home, 2176 Geary
f treet, Monday evening.- January 7, in
honor of Dr. \VT.liam J. Younger, former
ly of this city, now cf Paris. Among those
present were: Drs. S. E. Knowlcs. J. A.
"VV. Lundborjr. Thomas Morffew, Frank
riatt. Arthur Wallace, J. I*, Asay. A. F.
Merriman. Clyde Payne. Calvin Knowlcs.
"VV. J. Younger. W. A. Bryant, Kedmond
Payne and M. Cevkowitx.
The wedding of MIfs Olivette J. Mathieu
and Ser.or Alberto Martinez took place at
the residence of the bride's parents. Mr.
and Mrs. A. Mathiru, S21 Pine street, on
Friday evening. Rev. Joseph Drayer per
formed the ceremony. Pink and white
blopsoms were uped with artistic effect in
the decoration of the home. The bride
was attended by Miss Clarie Mathieu.
who officiated is maid of honor, and Miss
Mayt>el Pfck. who acted as bridesmaid.
Emclio Siordia was best roan and Al
phons? Mathieu Jr. officiated as grooms
man. The bride was attired in a dainty
gown of ¦white mouspeline de sole trimmed
with duchcrj-e lace. She carried a bouquet
of bridal roses and maidenhair fern, and
Tier white tulle veil was held in place by
a' beautiful diamond sunburst, the gift of
The groom. Miss Mathieu, th<5 maid of
honor, wore a pretty pown of pink or
gandie trimmed with Valenciennes lace,
and Miss Pock, the bridesmaid, was at
tired in a charming gown of pale blue or
panfiie. Mr. and Mrs. Martinez will leavo
ehortly for Mazatlan. their future home.
They're Eag-aged.
The engagement reception of Miss Hai
dee Baura and Max Lowenthal will be
held Sunday mfternoon. January 20. be
tween 2 and 5 o'clock, at 1304 Ellis street.
The ern?r.genier.t is announced of Miss
Minnie Fedcr. daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
£. F*=<5or. to Siemunu Cahcn. A recep
tion will fc>J» hold Sunday. January 20. and
Tuesday. January 22, from 2 to 5 p. in.,
tt 1221 Golden Gate avenue.
Tho encngemer.t Is announced of Miss
Marion Ida Bowman of San Francisco
to Chaur.cey Parke Jr. of Alaroeda. The
wedding, which takes place early in Feb
ruary, will l>e followed by an Eastern trip
extending to Brooklyn, N. V.. where the
young couple will make their home.
The enfrsg'ement Is announced of Fred
erick A. Wieland and Gertrude F. Stadt
feld.
The enpag-emert is announced of Miss
THE SATs FRANGISCO" CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY. 13, 1901.
row evening. The committee of arrange
ments Is Mesdames Senne, Garrett and
Morey.
The following named have been Installed
as the officers of Sherwood Circle for the
current term: Mrs. V. Rentscheler, P. C.
C; Mrs. I* Severence, C. C: Miss Anna
Lay. S. C; Mrs. Effle> Fergerson. T.: Mrs.
K. M. Howard, F. 8.; Miss Stella Beads
ley. R. S.; Miss Selma Hill, R. O,; Mrs.
Annie Hansen, L. G.: Mrs. Marian Mor
gan, I. G.; Miss Kate Bridgrevrood. O. G.:
Dr. "WIlcox. physician, and Mrs. Amanda
von Lindermann, organist. The installing
officers were Miss Tillle Meyers, D. G. C.
C: Mrs. A. Boehm, G. H., and Mrs. Ma
gnlre, G. R. S. The retiring chief com
panion, Mrs. Virginia Rentscheler. was
presented with a gold emblematic badge
of the Companions. Dancing and refresh
ments followed.
Sins Sing's name Is derived from "Slnt
Slcs," the title of a former branch of
the Mohesan Indlans !
26
ADVEETISEMENTS.
You Can Get Rid of
FACE TORMENTS,
FRECKLES,
PIMPLES,
SALLOWNESS,
MOTH,
PATCHES,
WRINKLES,
By taking ray treatment at my par-
lors, or I can treat you. successfully
by mail, confidential.
0 MONTEZ
Mrs. Kettle Hi-ristt i I j fj Pi III Pi
Is a pure, delicate appaarlng: solid resemb-
ling sweet cour.try butter, j Absorbed ta
the Ekin pores by gentle rubbing, It re-
vives and restores the skin's vitality, the
relaxed muscles and librous tissue become
rested, the blood which Is the
SKIN'S LIFE
at or.ee circulates freely, and the result
is a clear, smooth, velvety complexion.
Price. 75 cents per Jar. postpaid. Ladles
treated by mail for ail blemishes.
TDlA! POT L « d5 «« «endlnfc
cents In stamps will receive a book of
Instructions and a box of Skin Food and
Face Powder Free.
Yonr Gray Hair .<=- «*,¦•
Not Wantei tfsst*-'
4 .
<But there is relief from it. In
Hour Days it can be Restored
To Its Natural Color by using
v^Pt'Hair Restorer
It is not a dye, bat in a natural way
it acts on the roots, compelling the
secretion of ' the pigments that givs
life and color to the hair — in four
d2ys — $i a bottle, at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
11 A in That greatest of all dis-
iS b\ I 61 fi C°rementsofawo.
¦ * ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ man's face, permanently
removed, in tic only sncceasfol way
--with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
Warts, Freckles, Moles, Pimples
knd Wrinkles quickly removed under
. my personal treatment at mj Der-
Dato logical Parlors.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78 and 80 Geary Street,
SAN TRAX CISCO. CAt... XT.' S. A.
EVERYWOMAN
- . is interested and should know
. • about the Wonderful
il^^W^k -' If A DUCI '' WHIRLING
«B2^™k ttftn f t L - spray
iVtiit «^'\ X \;b l *l% nCTfr V«ltt*l Syrinte.
trfvi.^ 1 , Injection and Suction.
VAjSslS'^'SfH'a &»t— Safest— Most <:on-
Xi^^v^CS^k*. ¦ venient. ItCleansef
NARVEU »cteptno . t ~-r Wj ; "rZfflfor'~
other, bot wnd rarop far Kit*- ¦ 'a m W/iS//\/
tnttdbook-«eaied. Jtr*»«fan m, /•. ''/§
pattictaUn «sd dirw-tions tim1c<bl« *-+'•!. /£
Oocns 20-Xu^cu nag., .\ e wTork *><Lt!2jr,
ADVEHTISEIMEENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
PR and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
building. 1170 Market st, cor. Taylor, rooms
I8-». with the eleetrlo needle without pain or
•car Pannanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. tn.
Th« greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin Una.
It renders the skin soft,
emooth. clear, white, and -*»>" Si SMk
youthful and cures Poison J3fS%9k Vfl52^
Oak and Eczema. It Is a (JSiBfiKSmWmm
liquid. Any cream of the i^S^^979&L
consistency of butter will it&^MrZSfcWW
stimulate the growth of lm > iJWleE
hair on tha face. Bran- %h9
man Toilet Cream Is iSaa I^^w^
guaranteed not to do so. 2eS£3«rfiffl?L
Tooth Powder. 2So. All I^VTOfeS&JjIj^VS
druggists and at office of
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D. Lars* stock always
at , J. S. Potts' Drug Co.
H ~&f^ Perfect
;«lH|f Complexion
Possible, and such thines as tan.
sunburn, sallowness. oily or muddv
skin, pimples and blackheads are oat
of the question if you use
CREME DELIS.
Sold by druyjRists and genera:
dealers, or prepaid on receipt of
price — Soc. - '
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO.. Mfrs
Los Angeles. Cal.
OCEAN TSAVEIi. ¦
AAAHnlACCfA HAWAII, SAMOA, REVI
SS. 2EALANDIA (Honolulu only). ..........
- .................Friday. January 13, 2 p. m...
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New .
Zealand and Australia . —
' .¦Wednesday, January 13. at 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .%...........
•¦.¦:.„¦ .......Friday. iF»bruary 8. 4 p. m.
I D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO., Bscera! Agents. 327 Hartal St
Sen'l faaanpr Oflia, 643 Hariat }U fta lo. 7. Patlfle St
PANAMAR.R. S K
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29,
S. S. ROANOKE sails February 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont • »t.. at 2 p. no.
Freight and passengrer office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR, Paclflo Coast Ajent.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ : Steamers leave Broadway
*t* wharf. Ban Francisco:
rj^|,i For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. in..
te : iiS£St Jan - 1X « 18 ' 2t - K ' 3l - Feb - 5 -
MpJPSff 1^ Change to company's steasura
f^mS^^ut For Victoria. Vancouver CH.
IfftflfhaViTTTiii *-¦'• Port Townsend. Seattle.
t^^^^fc' Hft] Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte*.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
*¦ 11 a. m., Jan. 11. 18. 21, K, SI,
Feb. B. and every fifth day thereafter. Chansre
at Seattle for this company's steam ts for
Alaska, and O. N. Ry.: at Seattla or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Jaa 9.
13. 18. 23. 23, Feb. 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San IMesro. Btoppins only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port I*os Aweles and Redondo <Los An-
teles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. » a. m.;
¦tpamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crua. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueo». Port Harford (San Leila Oblspo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Vantora. Huenecae. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lorn Aneeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a, m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. » a. m. . 4
For Enaenada, Masdalona Bay. San Joss d«l^4
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia '
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7tb each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chansri
steamers, aalllns dates and hours of sailing.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
•treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKUCS & CO.. Gen. Asta..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
TOSPATCH 8TEJLMER3 TO
PORTLAND
. From Spear-street 'Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $'2 First Class Including Berth
innt. $8 Second Class arjd Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails ! Jan. 13, 23. Feb. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails ....Jan. 8, IS. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points tn the Xorthweat.
Through tickets to all points East.
.. E. C WARD, .General Airent.
; y^ . ¦ ¦ CO Market st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Braonnan •treets. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONO. caUlns at
Kobe (Hioffo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong wltb steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
SS^ONGKONG MARTI. '.
5a \...... Thursday. January 24, 1301
SB NIPPON MARtT
t>&. « irir y ...Tuesday. February 13. 13Ct
S3 "AMERICA MARU
.^7. Friday. March 13, 1301
Hound-trip tickets at reduced rates. •>'"r\
freight and passage apply at company's office. .7
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW T0KK, SOUTHaMTTOH. LOOTON, PASO.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Southwark .....Jan. S?i Kensington Feb. 13
Vaderland Jan. 30 St. Louis Feb. 20
New York.. Feb.^«INew York Feb. Zl
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwarp*
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Pouthwark .....Jan. 23 Moordland Feb. 20
Westemland ...Feb. 8 Frlesland Feb.*;
Kensington Feb.. 13
XNTERNAT10NAL *™AT«W COMPANY..
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
COMPAGNIB 6E5XBALB TBAN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead o! 4jf&'u$\%
Baturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12. '*'¦»•»*
North Illver. foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre «3 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. J3
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. ' J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. ': San Francisco. Tickets
iut\c\ hv »H Tt»HTCw»rt Tlr»et Agents. .
BAY AND UlVJblK STEAMERS.
FOft U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ."Monticcno." .
.MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at ••«,
a. m., 8:15^ 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nUht); Fri7
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. J
p. m. Landing and offlco. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE ..........Ma,
vJeO , 9m\*' ¦ M [^ma >vtt?yf
j Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter!
\ IT, IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
- ALWAYS CLEANLY, WHICH
'LARD IS NOT.
V/esson's Salad Oil
1 is far greater Talue than the finest im-! ,
; ported olive oil and has the same flavor. .
-Ask your friendly "grocer for it and save-
¦ ,.•.: good money.
. p , ; . , , , - : :~ - ¦: ;.
; - APVEBTISEMENTS.
GurtsPainf&si, Ps*®fM§e, ®&£i I
SlSlfiL^ MRS# E ' F * CUSTER ' Brule, WIs.. writes : |
Jjiii& "Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— Your Vegetable Compound has p
WtttiT^^fixb V^§*1 >een °* muc^ b enefit to me - When my menses first appeared they |r
Wm$~~ f~^o!s£*£ziKi "^ »S» "were very irregular. They occurred too often and did not leave for p£
HH^ W^^^^^^^ **izm a week or more * * aIwa 7 s suffered at these times with terrible fe
K2§L " ** : fe«iPalffl|lBiM ypH@ pains in my back and abdomen. Would be in bed for several days jf?
and would not be exactly rational at times. I toot Lydia E. Pink- fy
-""P^UfflR Jj W am ' s 'Vegetable Compound, and menses became regular and pains L
Kfv^^y^W Tho montM y sickness reflects the con' jg
j Pf^ff^(^y^^M^^^^^ ditlon of a woman's health* Any woman g
I I \jM^ < fiifilir5ii! whoso menstruation is unnatural may look for g
i llralsk r *' NSirili ser * QUS trouble to develop at any time* ||^
LjS^&8!at«a#Ml iHii MRS * ANNA LACY * Ross » Iowa » wri *es : fe]
fl^^tej^^^^ffl^S flfByffl "Dear Mrs. Ptnkham:— I -was troubled with female weak-
vWilIftM«^8 nesi, irregular and painful menstruation. I suffered so every [C]
I JgT^^JalviA \ ill/fmH mortlr* that I was obliged to go to bed, but thanks to your medicine p
L*ili±S^iis3p^v\.v \ \\VEp*fiiii * am now we ll- I would advise all women who suffer as I did to Ip
W^^^!^^^^^^ \Vk YUllriS use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable"Com pound." YA
MISS MARY DAMROTH. 2167 Washington Ave.. Tremont, |j
|Pi§^r "Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— When I wrote to you I suffered &
WiM@ £^$&&~~t wrfflfl§8lmfB untold pain in the lower pairt of abdomen, had headache, backache, *>
P**i F5xs^®/ Kfii&iiilft an(^ m y P^ 0^ 8 were very painful. I have taken four bottles of J5
PH! *^^I1L Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and have no pain at all. |*
ra«P y*^y^ TO^g^ . J^fnS am a "worti 11 ? s\ T^ and recommend your medicine to all women.'* 2|j
PL 4^^) (&j \ i^^m^M Mrs. Pinkham's advice is invaluable help j|
k^jJP^SS^ yl^^gB^j to all women who suffer* It is absolutely jpj
ir fe TO^^^ vM$&&Bi free * Her address Is Lynn, Mass* M
1 Iviiilli MRS * EDNA ELLI5 » Higginsport. Ohio, writes: f M
« w"-ii^^v «I^1k^ "lam a school teacher, have suffered agony monthly for SM
SJ5J*j| . «tftJBK|a| ten years. My nervous system was a wreck. I suffered with pain ?rH
Z^^^S w^l -^^Si * n mv s^ e anc^ na<^ almost every ill known. I had taken treat- | -j
Hi<"T5lsfe 1&^ »ii&«! ment from a number of physicians who gave me no relief. One >M
iiwi&t x^y I specialist said no medicine could help me, I must submit to an p^j
i&Wi!. V^^^y oceration^ I wrote to Mrs. Pinkham, stating my case, and received i'cA
|rajgtajte*», >(^. V^nj a prompt reply. I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound U\
B»^Se^liw*S%\i« i^W X I anc^ followed the advice given me and now I suffer no more. If J~ £
nffl j<^^v. MnrtL \! any one cares to know more about my case, I will cheerfully an- ' fe
ffl fLjfg&&c% it* a d0iMff*&& SiKZ&MmuMm REWARD^t^"^ 1^
oi m*k " n B 9 MH BB OM m W K *J kl S3 «i»™^BM»^^^^»ii^ have from time ffi
u& §H"3B^}it3F&u£rQB% f Q ' JfS Maffa S3 H s to time <?¦•«*•
B UUmaaamBJiMaM «» Mtimmm _. U g g| Fa tkmed the K^nnineness of the testimonial $Z
ra _ _ _ _ _ ram m TaJB »™ fta etters we are constantly publishing, we -J-.
Km H<r jTB &***** wmi && H*% SmgSkB/t^LSmBOk NB^ m& NBr ve deposited with the National CitT p E^
Pi &&&&&> mCfilSjt M $2 B **BMirJHM%tr Eank. of Lyna, Maw., f 5,000. which will V 5j
Exi ' "*"^ ¦ b* paid to any person who will show that the above testimonials are not jjj
"3 &^ jt. -- n - it- -TM-nm m-Jf BBBm9* genuine, or were published brforr obtaining the writer's special penamion.— 1,
k3 6y7 QJ?SfE£lfc&%Jr&QiPf£v-P' ffSa^fB Lvdia E. Pimkuah Msoici.ni Co., tyon, Uass. ¦» -, SEastern Star Chapters.
y^s ALIFORNIA Chapter, at its
/! \"^ meeting on the night of the
jl 1 5th inst.. received by Initiation
VV \ j Mr - and Mnt. S. B. Bogart, Mr.
\^*-y and Mrs. George B. Ferguson,
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Hathorn.
Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Hassler.
Mr?. Jeremlna Bogart, William H. Collins
and Hamilton Elliott. Howard William
Ferguson and Mr. and Mrs. Herbert C.
Portt-r were received by affiliation. The
chapter also elected three applicants and
received live applications. Yn « work of
conferring the degree surpassed any here
tofore done in this very progressive chap
ter. There was much favorable comment
upon the part of the ceremony by the of
ficers who compose the central star, where
the rr.of=i -imj>orLa.nt lessons are taught.
During the initiation charming music was
rendered by Leontlne Wefelsburg, the
organist, and a mandolin Quartet, com
posed of Professor Samuel Adelstein.
Jjora. Adelstein. NIta Ferguson anil
fclstr.'T Phillips. The effect, a novel one,
was enchanting. The chapter for the first
time used its new altar and other para
phernalia and the officers wore their new
regalia, th*? ricnest of any of the local
chapters. That of the worthy matron is
of the finest velvet, gold embroidered and
fringed with heavy gold bullion and tas
tels. It is pronounced more elaborate
than the baldric worn by the commander
cf California Commandery, Knignts lem
plar. After the closing of the chapter
there was an adjournment to the ba_n>juet
room, where two hundred and sixty j>ar
took of a most elaborate btuiquet.
John Tonningsen, the worthy patron, pre
sided as toatmaster and at the proper
time there were responses to tuasts by
Past Patrons James M. Gassaway, lialpn
Hathcrn and A. W. Baldwin. Grand Sec
retary Mrs. Kate J. Willats. P. F. Fergu
son, Colonel Charles Boxton. William
Stackj>ole, Past Matron Miss Susie M.
Willais, Thomas 11. Browne and J. CJ.
Ltibold.
Mrs. Lizzie Tonninpsen. matron of Cali
fornia Chapter, has an><^u-d John Ton
ningscn. Bertha Wagner Stark. Minnie G.
Stebbins, Emma F Liel>o!d and Annie Fur
geson a committee to arrange for a grand
party to be given in Golden Gate Hall
on February a for the purpose of raising
funds to procure instruments for a band
to be organized from among the boys who
are Inmates at the -»lasonic Orphans'
Home. The boys will be instructed free
of charge by George W. Bennett. As a.
first contribution to the fund, the San
Francisco Gas Light Company has do
noted a costly nickel-plated gas stove,
which ulll be disposed of on the night of
the party. The following named have
been appointed chairmen of sub-commit
tee?: Dr. Frank Pague, reception; Captain
George W. Wittman, floor; Mrs. Charles
Bcxton, advertising; Mrs. Isadora Horton.
ticket; Thonias II. Browne, entertain
ment.
Olive Branch Chapter at Its meeting to
morrow night will have eight candidates
to initiate.
Ivy Chapter at its last held meeting re
ceived four petitions and at the close of
business the officers hai a surprise for
the members present in the shape of a
luncheon and then a dance.
King Solomon Lodge had one initiation
at its last held meeting, the first by the
new officers, after which there was a col
lation.
The officer!: of Oakland Chapter were in
stalled on. the evening of the Sd inst- In
the presence of many members despite th;
bad weather. The onlv visitor from Sau
Francisco was Mrs. Wiilats. the grani
secretary. The installing officer was re
tiring Patron Towle, assisted by Past
Matron Mrs. Clarke as marshal. Th-i
retiring matron. Mrs. White, was pre
eer.t«-d with a jewel, after which 6he in
turn presented a cut-glass asparagus disn
to the wife of the rearing patron, a sou
venir each to the newiy Installed matron,
who was her associate matron during the
previous term, to the marshal ana to four
members who during the year served aj>
chairmen of supper committees.
The installation of the officers of Fidel
ity Chapter at Dunsmuir by Past Matron
Florence Gill recently was not under at
pleasant circumstances as h«.ve been
mar.y of the installations In this city. Th»
hall was surrounded by five feet of snow,
but while It was cald outside it was cheer
ful inside of the hall, which had been most
tastefully decorated, the prevailing color
being red. Many of those wuo attended
had to ride on the snow-plow. At tha
fame time the officers of Dunsmuir
}J!ue Lodge were installed and after t<-o
work the members of the two orders
joined In a turkey banquet.
Along: Masonic Lines.
Last Thursday night the officers of Mis
sion Chapter. Royal Arch Masons, were
Installed in Mission Masonic Temple with
all the ceremonial impressiveness of that
degree, in the presence of about 1D0 mem
bers of the fraternity. The installing offl
«r was P. D. Code, retiring high priest,
assisted by George D. Clark as master of
ceremonies. The new officers are: An
drew Chrlstensen, high priest; A. Middle.
ton Cox. king; Jonathan M. Peel, scribe;
Dewey Coffin, captain of the host; Henry
C. Bunker, principal sojourner; W. D. Ad
riance. royal arch captain; W. E. Murray,
master of the third vail; Marshall j.
Fairfleld. master of the second vail; Roa
coe E.. Lane, master of the first vail;
Christian Hellwig, treasurer; John R.
Hillman. secretary; J. E. Parmelee, guard,
and R. D. Bureiess. organist. During the
evening the chapter, to show Its apprecia
tion of the sen-ices of the retiring high
priest during his term of office, through
Frank McGowan presented him a costly
gold watch suitably engraved. Then there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where after the supper there were re
eponsos to toasts by J. C. Campbell.
Frank McGowan. -Samuel M. Shortridge
end the principal offlcers who were in
etalled. The music of the evening was
furnished by the California Commandery
Quartet, composed of Sirs Dan M. Law
ranee. Robert Smith. Alfred Batkin and
Edward McBaln. During the ceremony
the choir *ang Masonic chants and at the
banquet there wtrs solos, and the quartet
selections were ••Sally in Our Alley" and
"Mrs, Winslow's Soothing Syrup." The
solos were by the members of the choir
and J. E. Gordon and M. Keene.
On Wednesday night the elected and ap
pointed officers or Islam Temple of the
A. A. O. O. T. M. S. were installed by Past
Potentate C. L. Fie'd, assisted by Past
Potentate Franklin H. Day as marshal of
ceremonies. At the collation which fol
lowed Potentate Campbell was toastmaE
ter, and there were addresses by S. C.
Denson, Noble Hoyd of Cincinnati, J. R.
Aitken. Lippman Sachs. Asa R. Wells, A,
W. Scott, Colonel William Edwards, J. B.
Fuller, S. W. Backus and Franklin H.
Day. Music was furnished by Messrs.
Samuel D. Mayer. Walter C. Campbell.
I>an M. I^awrance and C. L. Gage, who
compose tbe Shrine choir.
Last Thursday night, in San Francisco
Consistory No. 1. the seventh degree was
for the first time conferred. It having In
the past been communicated. This inter
esting ceremony was watched with a
great deal of interest by all present-
With the Odd Fellows.
The officers of Parker Lodge will be
publicly installed on the evening of the
ICth Inst. !n Memorial Hall. After the
ceremony there will be an entertainment
and dance. The committee In charge is
A. A. Friedlander. J. H. Hutaff and S. B.
RusselL
The committee appointed by the Grand
Lodge at its last session to report upon a
site suitable for the Odd Fellows* Homo
has issued a circular asking that offers
be sent to Sheldon <J Kellogg- of this city,
the chairman of the committee.
Grand Master W: W. Watson paid an
official visit last Tuesday night to Bay
City Lodge and on Friday night he wa^
with Apollo Lodge, lo-morrow night ho
will visit California Lodffe.
The offlcers of Unity and Wlldejr'cn"- 1
rampmciits will be Jointly installed on tne
23th; those of Golden Gate Encampment
were installed last nlsht.
The officers of Morss Lodge were In-
FtaJl^d last Wednesday by Deputy E. V.
Northrop.
San Francisco and Oakland can
tons will attend the installation of the
officers of Sunset Encampment of Ala
med.i.
The installation of tlie officers of Unity
Lodge by Deputy John Davis was wit
nessed by a large number of members of
the order. ' ¦¦'¦'-:
Hebekah Lodpes.
Amity Lodge on th enight of the 5th
Inst. had a sheet and pillowcase party for
members of the order only In tho Eureka
hall of the Odd Fellows' building. It was
under the management of Mrs. Laura
Laurl*. Dr. Ziegler and Mrs. A. D.
Chr>shir«.
California Lodge of the Bebckahs has
Davis, banjo -l-iet.
The eame night District Deputy Grand
President J. J. Handley installed the offi
cers of Golden Gate Parlor in the pres
ence of a large number of the members
and invited gucrts. J. J. Sweeney, acted
as grand marshal and the closp of the
ceremony, that was most admirable.' the
parlor closed and there was an adjourn
ment to the frtpreckels Cafe, where an
artistically prepared supper was served
to 185 rnder the supervision of E.~ J*. Bat -
ton • Adolph • Eberhart. T. C. Conmy,;D.
WHsot r.nd L. D. Souriau, the committee
on entertainment. Among the guests ot
honor were Grand Vice President L..F.
Bvington, Grand Secretary Henry Luns
tedt and District Deputy Handley. ,. The
oft re-elected recording secretary and ge
nial Native Son. Adolph Eberhart. acted
as toast master and in a very happy man
ner addressed the several speakers of < the
evening who were on- the regular- list:
Judges Frank H. Dunne and Percy .V.
Long. L. F, Bylngtcm. John S. Partridge,
Henry Lunstedt and President L. D. Sou
riau. There were also a number of volun
teer tocEts. Between speeches there were
vocal fc'.ectlonu by C. A. Ki on. William
Wilson, F. H. Slebe. W. Douglass, and
instrumental music by Mearns' and Dry
fuss During the evening , Julius . Jiletes
heimer the retiring past < president,- was
presented a-eoMly gold and diamond set
past president's badge. The officers who
are to serve e t or 1 he. current term are:
Louis D." Souriau. president; Louis Siebe,
first vice president; John R. Mrlsaac,'sec
ond vice president; William F.- ; Garmes,
third vice president; Adolph Eberhart; re
cording secretary; David Wilson; financial
Fecretary: Henry -C.^ Pasquale,' treasurer;
A, F. Ludemann, marshal; J.. Neely, in
side sentinel; C; H; L. Gudmanson, out
side pent'.nel: John J. Sweeney, A:\.H;
Blakeley/ Henrv R. Gundlach. trustees;
Dr. ,G. J^ Fitzglbbons, Dr. Edward: a.
Howard, surgeons. . ¦,.• .-¦.•'; ••;••;
The officers of Stanford Parlor. , Stan
ford 76, the Pride i of s San- Francisco ;-,were
installed by District Deputy \V. J.< Wynne,'
assisted -by : Ed Head, as marshal. • Those
who will : control this • parlor; during f the
current six '¦-. months are: W. .-'.' P.
phreys, past president; William D. llynes;
exalted ruler of this very enterprising
lodge.
" Oakland Lodge begins the new year with
350 members. It will have a ladles' night
In February.
Santa Barbara Lodge, which now has a
membership of 195, will .give a the/ter
party during the current month.
-¦ Vallejo Lodco, Which now numbers 96
members, has arranged a series of bay
excursions for the fourth Sunday in Jan
uary, February and March.
Foresters of America.
The grand chief ranger paid an official
visit last week to the court in Dixon.
The Oakland degree team will pay a vis
it to Court Farragut and confer the de
grees on a class of candidates. Delega
tions from Napa. Port Costa and Crockett
will be on hand. The grand secretary,
John J. Cordy, wili also be present.
Grand Secretary Coruy and Jacob I.al>el
of the American Forc&'er Review assisted
Deputy Grand Chief Ranger J.*J. Rehl
and J. Mockbee to install the officers of
the court at Redwood City last week.
There was a good attendance and after
the installation there was a banquet and
many speeches.
Court Washington has appointed a
committee to arrange for a picnic. /I his
court save a banquet to its members on
the night of the 3d of the current month.
Court Bay City had a smoker last week
that was enjoyed by members and many
visitors. ' '
Court Junior Pride of California will
have a social time and dance In Union
Square Hall on the 22d inst.
American Companions.
Bay City Circle has forwarded to Texas
for the relief of the sufTcrers by the flood
at Galveston the sum of $30, realized at a
party given in aid of the fund. This cir
cle will be officially visited to-morrow
night by Grand Sub-Chief Companion
Miss Alice Ticoulet. acting in the place*
of Grand - Chief Companion Mrs. Kate
Agee, who is unavoidably detained at her
home In Merced.
Grand Sub-Chief Miss Ticoulet on last
Wednesday went to Ei.nhurst, and there,
with the" assistance of Miss Asrnea 1>.
Bremer, grand financial secretary, who
acted as grand marshal, Installed the of
ficers for the current term. There was a
good attendance of the membership ami
of visitors from Oakland and ¦ Alameda,
ar.d after the installation there was a so
cial hour. ,
Mrs. Emma Harrington, past grand
chief companion, went to Grass Valley
last week and on Wednesday night in
stituted a new circle in that place with
a good membership. There .were sixty
names to /the petition for a charter.
The officers of Inter Nos Circle were in
stalled in public last Tuesday . night in
the Alcazar building. The hall was pret
tily decorated with flowers and flags. Hie
new officers were obligated and charged
by Mrs. Lizzie Atwoou, P. G. C. C. anu
district deputy. In that perfect and im
pressive manner that has always markka
the work of this lady. During the even
ing the' retiring past chief companion,
Mrs Sophie Coyle. was presented witn
an elegantly framed certificate, and a
badge indicative of ner standing In tlie
order. A collation and dancing followed.
Mizpah Circle has arranged for a mas
querade b=*U to be givtn on the night of
the 9th of February in the Potrero Opera
house. Prizes for costumes, best and
most original, will be Riven.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Triumph Lodge has had the following
officers installed by Deputy Grand Mas
ter Workman Gus Pohlmann: C. R. Hol
ton, M. W.; J. J. Kerrigan, F.; P. J. Mur
phy ,'O.;. Chris Mann. G.; William Small
mann. I. W.; John Quinn, O. W. At the
close of the installation D. B. Richards,
the retiring master workman, was pre
sented by the lodge with a very hand
some gold emblematic badge. The core
monies were followed by a mixed pro
gramme of songs and specialties, to
gether with ~'nes, tobacco and cigars ana
a collation and refreshments. When the
question was asked, "What's the matter
with Triumph?" the reply was "Triumph
is all right." •Thesann' deputy will in
stall the officers of Memorial Lodge to
morrow night in the Shiels building.
During the past week the officers of the
Past Masters' Association were Installed
by Past Grand Master Barnes, after
which Grand Receiver Booth presented
a programme for the entertainment of the
members. This included songs and reci
tations, and addresses by Past Supreme
Master Jordan, Past Grand Masters
Bahrs and Barnes, Treasurer Abraham
son. Walter Malloy, secretary of tho ex
tension committee; E. F. Joy, master of
Valley Lodge; Secretary T. E. Smith and
Judge Will J. Beatty. »
The district deputy of district 7, assist
ed by District Deputy J. J. Cunningnam.
J. Bowman, Walter Malloy and others,
during the past week Installed the officers
of Fidelity, Sts. John and Franklin lodges.
At the last named the officers and rrem
bers had a collation and an evening of en
tertainment after the ceremony ot instal
lation.
The officers of Unity and of Prosperity
lodges will be installed next Tuesday
night. Those of Eureka Valley Lodge
will be installed to-morrow night, and
those of Excelsior Lodge will be installed
on the 16th.
The officers of Forget-Mc-Not Lodge of
the Degree of Honor were installed last
Wednesday by Miss Lorctta F. Don
nelly, grand recorder. Those of Silver
Spray Lodge are to be installed next
Tuesday.
Magnolia Lodge No. 41, A. O. U. W.,
has arranged to have Its officers installed
in public in Golden Gate Hall , on the
night of the 21st Inst. The ceremony is
to be followed by an evening of dancing.
The affair is strictly invitational.
Native Sons' Parlors.
a
The new official button of the Native
Sons of the Golcien. West is out. It is In
the form of tho be.ir f-ag, gold and white
enamel and has upon its face instead of
California Republic the initials of the or
der, N. S. G. W.
Last Monday night W. J. Wynne, D. D.
G. P.. president, installed the officers of
Sequoia Parlor, who are: Dr. F. H. Cranz,
P. P.; John H. Dumbrell, P.; Charles M.
Wood, William J. Koch and D. D. Gib
bons. V. P.'s; George J. Stockwltz, M.;
R. D. Barton, R. S.; Charles E. Torres,
F. S-, and A. J. Nevraumont, T. After
the installation light refreshments were
served ana entertainment was furnished
by the following named mombers: George
J. stockwitz. instrumental music; L. M.
Bannan, coon specialties; President Dum
brell buck and wing dancing; W. J. Koch
and Richard D. Barton, vocal solos; H.
C. Hasse'.bach and H. G. Sengstacken,
cake walk, and Charles E. Torres and \V.
FRATERNITIES.
president; Eruoe Cornwall, -first vice pres
ident; S. 0. Stanyan. second vice presi
dent: A. F. Sc-hleicher.. third vice presi
dents:.! 1 '. H. Jung, recording secretary;
Joseph G. Cox, financial secretary;
Charles 0. Steifter, treasurer; J. J. Nash,
marshal; Henry Van Valkenbergh. trus
tee; A. C. Trautvetter, outside sentinel,
and J J. Van Nostrand,: inside sentinel.
The ceremony was followed by the instal
lation banquet at the Bay State, where
Dr. Kugler, he of Stanford circus fame,
presided as toast master. The principal
toasts of the evening were: "The Grand
President." responded- to -by. Deputy
Wynne: "The Order," Henry S. Martin;
"Our Parlor," D. A. Curtin, and "The Na
tive Daughters," Grand Secretary Henry
Iiiinstedt. A happy speech was that of
Judge C. T. Conlan, who was asked to
talk upon anything. He chose for his
topic the funnylsms of the members and
for ten minutes kept those around the ta
ble hi a roar of laughter. The music of
the evening was basso selections by Har
ry Ward Brown and C. H. Kendrick. Ten
or W. O'Brien and Tom . Greene of the
Tivoli. Then there were specialties by
George Hammerschmldt and banjo selec
tions by D. Torres. At the close of the
repast County Clerk W. A. Deane pre
sented on behnlt of . the parlor a magnifi
cent diamond set gold badge to Past Pres
ident W. H. Dick, indicative of his rank
in tho order. After midnight the hun
dred and fifty rose and sang a parting
song. , ¦¦ - ; *
Friends of the Forest.
The officers of Lincoln Lodge of the
Friends of the Forest were installed by
the supreme officers last Monday night in
the presence of a large proportion of the
membership. At the close of the installa
tion ceremonies Mrs. A. Boehm,. the in
stalling officer, paid a well ueserved com
pliment to Mrs. Bertha Mackrett, the re
tiring president. She spoke in eulogistic
terms of the manner in which during her
term she presided over the lodge, and
dwelt upon the fact that she was the only
presiding 1 officer in the order who con
ferred the degree of Initiation without
book, having memorized. the work. That,
?he declared, is always productive of a
most favorable Impression on a candidate.
She expressed the hope that the other
officers who are to serve during the cur
rent term will follow the example set by
Past President Mrs. ? Mackrett. A colla
tion to members followed the installation,
and n. regalia was presented to Mrs. S.
Tryon, retiring past president.
On last Tuesrtav the officers of Pioneer
Lodge were installed by the supreme offi
cers, and after. they had been placed in
their respective stations there was an ad
journment for the purpose of enjoying a
collation and a social hour.
had the following named offlccr3 Installed
by District Deputy Mrs. Eola M. -Cyrus
and her staff of officers: Sadie G. Kahn.
noble grand; Annie W. l>ewis. vice granu;
Martha Ossosky, recording secretary:
Mary A. Hawl'ey, financial secretary;
Minnie Simon treasuier; Minnie Dahl
rnann, right, and Essie Guggenheimer
left supporter to noble grand: liva North
and Fannie Fine, right and left support
ers to the vice grand; Elsie Cohen, con
ductor; C. Rosenbaum, warden; Margaret
M. Reed chaplain: Lena Anderson, or
ganist. At the close of the ceremony,
Financial Secretary Mrs. Hawley, on be
half of the lodge, presented a past grand s
Jewel to the retiring past noble grand,
Minnie Homier. , - "/.
Walhalla I^odge of the Rebckahs. the
onlv German lodge in San Francisco, has
had Its officers installed for the curren;
term by District Deputy Mrs. Minnie-
Becker, "assisted by Mrs*. Dora Fyle : as
marshal. The event took place in Pros
pect hall of the Odd Fellows" building, in
the presence of many of the members.
For the occasion the hall was very pret
tily decora U-d, with the colors of the order
and mar.y choice flowers. The new ofli
cers are: Emma Grenniger, noble gran.ci;
Mary Hocking, vice grand; Bertha Proll;
recording secretary: Tillie Lorentz, finan
cial secretary; Anna Suhr. right, and Em
ma. I^utleinann, left supporter to the noblo
grand; Emily Breckwoldt, right, and
Hertha Schultz, left supporter to the vice
prand; Henela Roeber, conductress: Re
bckah Gerbes, warden; Georglana Henck
vii, chaplain; Miss Appiarius, organist;
The past noble grand who" retired war.
presented with a handsome jewel of her.
rank in the order by Josephine Decroux
on behalf of the lodge, and then followed
the presentation of an Etruscan vase td
Mrs. Lorentz, the financial secretary, an*}
a bunch of choice flowers to the Installing
officer. The ceremonies were followed by.
a collation to the new and the retirlntr
officers and the members and visitors.
The following named were installed as
officers of Loyal Lodge on last Monday
night by District Deputy Mrs. Eola M
Cyrus, assisted by Alma Isabel Jensen as
marshal and a full corps of olHcers: Fan
nie Daniels, X. G.; Jennie F. Wrijrht, V.
G.; Ella R. Bourne. R. S.: Tessie Schmidt.
F. S.; Lottie Potter. T.; Christine Powers.
W.; Ada Lawrence, C: Mollie McCollis
ter, R, S. to X. G.; Sophie Decker, L. S.:
Thriza Crcssman. R. &. to V. G.; Annie
Boysen, L. S.; Margery Jennings, chap
lain: Gertrude Engelbright. O.: Ella
Douglass. I. G.; Mina J. Fuder.burg. O. G.
The work was exceedingly well done and
favorably spoken of. Alter the ceremony
an embroidered collar was presented to
Miss Emma L. Braucr, retiring noble
grand, and a handsome jewel was pre
sented to Miss M. Jennings, the outgoing
past grand.
The same officers installed the officers
of Jubilee Lodge on the 8th inst. in in?
lodge room, which- was decorated with
rare good taste. The new officers are:
Clara Gunsaules. N. G.; Gabriel Griff. V.
G.; Priscilla Monroe, K. S.: Lillian Bran
sfead. F. S.; Addie L. Ballou. T.; Lizzie
Station, R. S. to N. G.; Alice Currier.
L. S.: Lizzie O'Nell. R. S. to V. G.:
Laura Luck. L. S.; Mrs. Minnie F. Dob
bins, chaplain: Erny Happ, W.; May
Blakeley. C.- Mrs. Dot bins, the retiring
past grand, was presented with a costlv
emblematic badge set with diamonds. A
past grand's collar wo-s presented to the
retiring noble grand, Christine Anderson.
There was also the presentation of a col
lar to Alice Hall, on behalf of the new
noble grand. After tbe installation there
was a dance and a r : iort programme.
A special session of the California As
sembly will be held In Fresno on the 16t>i.
About twelve lodges will be represented.
Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett will preside and
Mrsl Mary EJ. Donoho will be present as
secretary of the bodv.
Triple Link Lodge of Lakeport sent sev
en fine turkeys to the Orphans Home as
its Christmas donation.
Mission Chapter at its meetins on the
4th inst. presented to each of its past no
ble grands a handsome embroidered col
lar. Those who received them are Mrs.
Fournier, Mrs. L. B. Holenmb. Miss Lucy
Wlnton. Miss Gertrude Wimmer. M:»*
Rena Crawford, Mis3 Farthenia Burst
hardt and Mrs. W. Barnes. A banquet
followed the presentation. Last night the
officers of this lodge w*re installed.
In Druid Circles.
On the night of the 5th inst. Boadlcea
Circle of the United Ancient Order of
Druids gave a dancing party In the La.u
rel Hall of the Shlels ,building. at which
there was a good attendance of the mem
bers and their friends. The well arranged
programme of dances kept the assemblage
together until midnight. A. S. Williams
was the floor manager and those who as
sisted in making the affair a success
were: Frances J. Williams, Mary Martin,
Sara,h A. Gross, Mrs. M. Samuels, Lou!s
Koch, John Hutton and Nellie Craig.
Olympia Grove, one of the most ener
getic in the city, gave its sixth monthly
social In its temple at Fourteenth and
Folsom streets last night, and like the
preceding ones. It was a very pleasant
affair. There was a good attendance, an .
attentive committee, excellent music and
a well arranged programme of dances.
On the l"th this grove will confer the first
and second degrees and on the 24th the
third and the fourth degrees will be con
ferred, the latter in a special degree
room. The grove will have a smoker in
February and Is now drilling a volunteer
corps which is to make a specialty, of con
ferring the third degree.
The fraternal visit of the decree team
of Galileo Grove to Roma Grove in Oak
land last Monday night was an event in
the history of' the visited crove. The
team was accompanied by about seventy
members of the twenty groves of this.
city and in addition there were present
about two hundred and fifty members of
the order from Oakland and -Alamcda.
The crackerjack team under command of
Captain A. Olmo exeniDllfled the second
degree In the long form in a manner thafc
Indicated that it will probably carry away
the prize at the next session of the grand
grove. After the work of the evenin<
there was a banquet, which was partaken
of by more than three hundred. This team
will confer the degree for Alplni Grove
on the night of the 24tii inst.
Galileo Grove at its last'^neeting initlat-.
ed four strancers.
Manzanita Grove under the direction of
its new officers Is keeping up its reputa
tion for good work, taking in strangers
at every session, also conferring degrees
in a manner that Is winning praise for
those who do the work.
During the current week Mrs. Thomas
Thornhlll. grand arch Druldess. will send
out her first proclamt-Uon, and will aluo
announce her deputies.
El Dorado Circle will hold Its nnnu.il
picnic at Buena Vista Park on the 2Sth of
April. A committee i* already at work
arranging for that affair. The circle at
its last meeting receivtd three members
by initiation.
Hesperian Grove was visited by the
Past Arches' Association at the last
meeting. Past Arch .lo'in Hutton, who la
now in his seventy-flfth year. prcUdtKl,
and during the evening gave an interest
ing history cf the ordei since his connec
tion with it in the early '60s. A number
of the members of th? visiting associa
tion gave talks about the benefits that the
groves will receive from the visits by. the
association. During the past two months
this grove has Initiated eight strangers.
What Elks Are Doing.
The lodge home committee of San Fran
cisco Lodge is now waiting for plans; for
a new home. The locale, which is still
kept a secret, has heen almost decided
upon. J. L. Lleney has been added to this
committee. The committee on Grand
Lodge has Issued Its circular to all the
lodges In the Jurisdiction. It calls for an
early reply from each lodge on the sub
ject of the Grand Lodge meeting in 1302.
The ledge will give a social for Elks only,
on which occasion there will be presented
a unique ar.d novel entertainment, a fea
ture of which will be a wheel contest.
There will, be about seventy-five entries,
and each contestant expects that he will
win one of the prizes, $150 and J125. -The
other novelties will not be announced un
til the night of the entertainment The
new roster containing the names of the
375 members of the lodge will be issued
during the current week. The big elk to
be placed In the lodgerooms, a present
from J. B. Brooks, will arrive from Ta
coma this week. Charles 8.^Marshall,
manager for H. S. Crocker & Co.. Is the
baby of the lodge. -He promised that
every man working: under him shall be
come an Elk -within six weeks. He filed
three applications last week. • ¦
Colonel J. R. Howell, past exalted ruler,
recently appointed Police Commissioner,
has been presented by the lodge a certifi
cate of an -honorary life membership.
Judgre Percy V. Long Is a regular attend
ant at the lodge and is developing into a
very active member. .
San Jose Lodge has now 22<? members.
It Is arranging for a social to be given In
the near future. Jackson Hatch is the
THE SAIST FR AXCISCO C AT,Ti, SUNDAY, _; JANUARY 1 3. TOO 1 .
27
PHONE SOUTH 77O.
®£g™ 6 MATINEE TO-DAY
First Time in Ean Francisco,
WM.A. ERADY iii JOSEPH fRISMER'S
the New York Manhattan Theater
I LAUGHTER FROM RISE TO I
| FALL OF CURTAIN. |
Screaming Ccmedy Success,
A STRANGERS
§T RANGE LAND
The Funniest Comedy Ever Written.
Enacted by," '', '-
THALL AND KENNEDY'S PLAYERS.
Next— Sunday Afternoon. .
"THE S=J-T«r» BOARnER."
Evaning— 23c, S3e, 50c and 75c.
Matinee— 15c, 25c, 33c. and 50c.
Coming— MURRAY AND MACK.
THE PRISON OF THE POPE.
LECTURE ..BY-
Wf. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit of j ST. JOHN'S PARISH.
- <Rev. Father Brady. Rector.) .
Thursday Evening, T 1991,
At 8 o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
FUth and Jessie Streets.
TICKETS ........'...I .80c
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE
,- Oro, Bernard and Oro; Marie D. Wood, Sid
Baxter, Mile. - Atlantis, • Rousell Brothers, Earl
and ' Hampton, ; Edyke ; Lesly; and Others.
Reserved Seats -25c. Matinee " Sunday.
CoranieKing MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT and ALL THIS WEEK.
The Newest Farce-Comedy From New York.
Presented • by Fitz & i Webster and Entitled.
BREEZY
TIMES'
PRETTY GIRLS,
PRETTY COSTUMES,
NEW SONGS,
'NEW, SPECIALTIES.
EVERYTHING UP TO DATE/"
\ ¦< .'POPULAR PRICES.
DON'T FORGET IT STARTS
THIS AFTERNOON.'
And the Fun Lasts Seven Nights and Two Mat-
inees.
MONDAY NIGHT.' Jan. 21st,
MRS. FISKE,.
**Q iEGIC Y S H 'PL Tt R.?
* See Announcement . in This Column.
nil Ifir These hotels pos-
rh\ UllT sess the attributes
N^j"^ ¦ ¦ that tourists; and
OJin travelers appreciate
UllU — <entral ;. location,
PDA Kill l ; (iberal; manage-
U II n II U . i nient. modern ap-
jiflTri O pointments .'a n «1
HOTtLs, mm^
Sat) FrandSGO.- ropean plans. •
AMTJSEM32NTS.
Last Week
MONDAY, January Mih,
CINDERELLA
By - - - - Ferris Hartman
Doi't Miss the Last Chance to See th?
Gorgeous Ba.hts, tli3 Electric Girls,
the Frolics of the Frogs and
Toads, the Garnun Burlesque and
the Lov3ty Transformation.
He«r All the Latest Son;s and Toplcals.
MONDAY EVENINi, January 21,
np |j
FENCING MASTER,
By tits tatiars of "Btbia Hood."
Evening* at 8. .Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES-25 and 50 Cents.
, Telephone Bush 0. .
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - January 13th*
ANOTHER
GREAT
OPEN^TAKE!
128— NOMINATIONS— 128
$1500 <Ky SI500
TRAIX SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townaend »treets J:15 a,
m. and 10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. IJ m. and 1p.m.
Returning at 4:15 p. m. and after th» last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes. \* ' : '. " - y" % :
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
R«Bft»H?
THIS SL-NDAY NIGHT AT S:1S.
TOMORROW. MONDAY NIGHT. " ;» ;
...*.• ~. Begins the
3d and Last Week
FLORENCE ROBERTS
TX THE ADVENTURES OJ"
NELL GWYNNE
MATINEE SATt*RDAT ONX.T.
Next— SWEisf^LAVENDER
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST NIGHT OP
"A VIRGINIA
COURTSHIP."
TO-MORROW EVENING
Flrat Production In this City of Henry Axtlra#
Jones' Famous Play.
"THE HOOVE'S COMEDY."
PRICKS— lOe. 13c. 25c. OOc.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 75c
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mati-
nees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Of flee Emporlam. '-> r . ,'~
CHUTES^™ ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL,
INCLUDING
QUERITA VINCENT,
HAN1OK & SINGER. DAVE BARTON. ROSE
LEE TYLER. AHERN A PATRICK.
HAL COXLETT.": •-
New Comic Moving Pictures
Telephone for 8eat§. Park 23.
COLUMBIA
MINSTREL CO.
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
-FOR—
Families of Victims of Glass
Works Accident.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY^JANUARY mil.
TICKETS ON SALE AT ALL CITT NEWS-
PAPER OFFICES.
; : ;
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— "WINTER ITEETUTO— t9OU
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. M ' TO JAN. 19. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tu*»day. Wedne»day. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or ahto*
Flv» ormon rtc«« each day.
Racet start at J:15 B. m. iharo.
Ferry-boats leare Ban Francisco at 13 m. and
IJ -30 -1. 1:20. >. >Z:SO and J p. m.. oonn.oUn*
with trains - stopping at the «ntranc« to th»
track Last two cars on train reserved {or
ladles and their etcorta: no smoking. Bay yoor
t errv tickets to Shell Mound. AH train* Tl»
Oakland mole connect with 8an PaMo »?««•
?elctric ear»- at Seventh ¦ and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via AUmeda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlo car*
co direct to the track In fifteen mlnnte*.^
¦ ' R«tnrnln«— Trains leave th« track at 4:1» and
4:45 p. m. and immedtately after the last raeet
THOMAP'H. WILLIAMS JR^ President.
' R. R MILROT.- Secretary.
tftFEROYAL^^^
Will ¦• ••** •¦!¦• 5^ overcoat* and
AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAY, MATINEE, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13.
THE ORPHEUIVI'S BIGGEST SHOW YEJ.
First appearance in California of SAM LOCKHART'S
THE^YIORLD'S GREATEST ANIMAL ACT. _____
EUGENE O'ROURKE and COMPANY
Presenting O'Rourke's Latest Success. "PARLOR A."
" ~~ lSITi 9 J '~7\jr I I Irvfl^' Gotham's Favorite Singlngr
Jt51L*JL-T L^ll^la^. and Talklnr. Comedian.
J. F. CROSBY JR., INEZ FORM AN *"d CO.
In "A MODEL HEIRESS." an up-to-date eomedy by Si U. Collins.
77fB r ~lv7IxrncoZI Tnis i bettina cerardT
The World's Greatest Terpslchorear.s. I In New Songs.
_^J£g =2 f|£^
Parquet, 25c, any 'seat; balcony, 10c; children, 10c. any part except reserved. A few
f rent orchestra rows reserved, 50o. Front rows' of balcony reserved, 23c
CALIFORNIA THEATER=== SPECIAL
MONDAY EVEN ING, January21,
Presenting for the First Time in This City the Play In Four Acts,
(Founded on Thackeray's "Vanity Fair.")
OKfflFWR^..™!?.!!. 1 ....:... *= 1 MM OF SEATS BEGINS THURSDAY
¦BALCONY ¦*.¦.:......".... ....:.:. ..»1.5O. «U MORNING, Jan. 17. at 9 o'clock.
GALLERY ;......;.... VSc. 5<>c | No Orders Taken by Telephone.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dp. W. S RIee. the Well Known Au-
fnority. Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new ami startling cure for rupture. Dr. \V. S.
Rice, 418 N. Matr. St.. Adams, N. Y.. has In-
vented a method that cures without pain.
.Mil. CHAS. LANGE..
iJangtr, operation fc or an hour's loss . of time
from the day's work. To avoid all questions of
doubt he sends , free to every sufferer a fre*
trial of his method and there can be no earthly
reason why any ono, rich or poor, should not
avail themselves of this penorous offer. As an
instance of this remarkable method, the cure
of Charles Lan«e. Morrison, Ills., - Is a welcome
piece of Intelligence. -
Mr. Lar.Re is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 years of age, and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. AftT a short use of the Rice
method the left rupture healed entirely and the
right was almost closed in a few weeks. To-
day he is as sound as a dollar, wears no truss
or othev support and his cure is only on« of
hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who uso the Rice method. Send for this fre«
trial. Don't be backward. It will surprise
you with its wonderful power to heal. And if
you know of other ruptured people ask them
to write or write for them: Do not fail to
write at once; do go to-day.
j KERN RiVER OIL LANDS ;
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
eale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
[ 101 Chronicle bldg.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
,.TO=N2GHT an^ c 0 0 r nt t r !nfe
NEXT 1^ ISria-HTS
The Charming Pastoral Idyl, ;
V Complete and Effective* Production of the
Great Success.
Next Tuesday and Thursday' Afternoons.
MDLLE. ANT0N1A HOLOHES
(Antoinette Trebe'.li), in; CONCERTS.
Keats $1 50. $1 and 60c. ! Now ready.
':™, *^ immtenrnAU
. ¦ Phone 'Soutii S3S. ¦¦¦¦-"
NOW THOKOUGHLT HEATED WITH STEAM
MATINEE .TO-DAY— Prices 10c. 15c. 2.'»c.
TO-NIGHT— Last i Performanc'e-TTHE BIG HIT!
WOMAN'ANP WINE
WEEK BEGINNING TO-MORftOWv (Monday),
Elaborate Product Ion . of the ; Most Brll-
¦¦¦'¦¦- ¦ i "llant Play.-of.the Century,1iraHM____^_B
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
The Original Union-square .Theater Version,
With All the Magnificent ' Scenery Pre-
; pared •. From ; the Original Models.
' Gorgeous Costumes'. :¦- :',.¦ Augmenttd Cast! ~
UnrpECMatinees— 10c, 15c/ 25c. . •1c-,-'?? " '
rKIWCj Mntlr«»— 10c; lie. 25c.
¦ Theater Nov/. Thoroughly. Heated with Steam.
%J ILj Y> IVtMT^B A'CO«. MAaox.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
, - r ¦ - AMERICA.- .
¦ EnKasement Extraordinary.
QUERITA VINCENT^
- San-Franclnco's Favorite. '
MABBlpiUDSON,
A Soncbird'.Wlthoutt'a ; Peer. *.
OUHAWV,
/ '- The \ Famousj Juggler.'
AND OURCELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
- MATINEE ? EVERY i SUNDAY., , ;
' AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
-,,:-;. ¦-.. ---ADMISSION-FREE. ¦
_-_ ADVEBTISEMENTS. _*____
eBHiBHBHBBaHiiiHaafiaaieBaHOHBiBBiaBaBaBBaaz
| Dry Goods "^^^^fe Company. 1
j CLEARING ULEl \
1 Genuine Reductions |
I JACKETS, SKIRTS, SUITS [
M SECOND FLOOR, g
¦ ¦> . ¦• ..• :;¦ . ¦ ¦
I JACKETS. \
¦ $5.00 and $7.50 LADIES' JACKETS are now $2.50 g
k $7.50 and $10.00 LADIES' JACKETS are now. ''...$4.75 ¦
1 SKIRTS. I
¦ $6.50 LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS are now $4.5O H
i $8,50 LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS are now $3.00 a
g. $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE §
a SUITS are now.......... -$1O.OO b
S- $20.00, $25.00 and $30.00 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE §
| SUITS are now ... • &15.OO h
b $15.00and 1 $16,50 LADIES' GOLF SUITS are now $10.00 m
Sj! . JVO REDUCED GARMENTS EXCHANGED. 3
B MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. p
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, g
fg SE. Corner Gearj and Stockton Streets, San Franoisco.
BBBBBBBBanagflBHHBaHaBHBgHgBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY -13, 1901.
28
SAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSIN—SS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until „ o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-C7 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay; open until *:S0 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet: open until 9:10 p. m.
63? McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; open until 9:20 p. m.
1W1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etrect, corner .Sixteenth; open
tmtil > p. rn.
10e Eleventh street: open tintll 9 p. m. '
JC?6 Valencia etreet: open until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streetr; open until 9 p. m.
CnrRCH SERVICES.
CALVARY Preshyterlan Church. Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.— Rev. John
Hemphlll, D. t>.. pastor. Services. 11 a. m.
•nd 7:SO r- m. Itev. Charles H. Caton of
Chicago will preach morning and evening.
Bubject, a. m.. •Life's Amplest Open Door."
Subject, p. m.. "'Faith the Constructive Fac-
tor la Human Life" — a sermon for young peo-
ple. Sabhaxh school and Bible classes at 12:30
and Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. m.
Fr&yer meeting on Wednesday evening at 8
o'clock. Strangers In the city and others are
cordially invited to all of these services.
HOWARD -Hresbyterian Church. Oak and
Baker HiT Brr J. P. Thomas, pastor. Sun-
day echool at 8:30. Morning service at U;
subject. "Llphts and Shadows of the Grow- ,
lnp Kingdom." Christian Endeavor meeting
at <:4i. Evening e— vice at 7:45; subject.
"What To IK> With the Mammon of Unright-
eousness." Wednesday evening meeting at
7:45. A cordial welcr.m* to all. "
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion Ft., near Sixth — S. It. Hutsinpiller. D. D..
pastor; Rev. Herbert F. Briggs and Rev. Ar-
thur H. UriFKs. acting pastors. Preaching. 1
II a. m. and 7:3/> p. m. Sunday school. 12:4:». 1
Class meetinr. Sunday, 9:30 and 12:30: also 1
Thursday. 7:4o r- m. Midweek prayer and
praise service, Wednesday. 7:45 p. m.
Woman's Honie Missionary Society meeting,
Thursday. 2 p m., at residence of Mrs. Wil-
liam Abbott. 343 Halght st. Choir rehearsal,
Saturday «>v<»nin^: Robert Lloyd, director.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Rev. Fredwiok W. ei_m*.w?tt. I). D.. rector
Holy communion, g a. m. Morning service,
11 o'clock; pveninp prayer. 4 o'clock. Friday
service at 21 a. m. for army and navy. The
rector will freaoh.
FIRPT O>ncrpgatlona1 Church, corner Post anj
Mason — K«»v. Georpe C. Adams, D. I)., pastor,
will preach at ixMh services. At 11 a. m. —
theme, "A Kins Who Knew Not Joseph." At
7:80 r- rn.. "A Living Piul. cr a L*fe»Glvlng
Spirit. '* Ail are cordially invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. *_3 Sutter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject. "Life." Funday school for
ch!ldr<»n at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meetings at R o'cl<x-k. Free readlmr-room.
208 Kearny st.. room 510. All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. KO
Poet St.. Golden '.Vest Hall— Preaching at 11
a. m. by F. 13. Blair. Subject. "The Expan-
sion of God." At 7:50 p. m.. preaching: by
Ocrge S. Lincoln. This church was organ- |
ized by divine command to open the "Elev- !
«nth-hr>ur Dispensation." <See Mat. 20:1-16.)
All welcome. Strangers Invited. C. A-
Parkln. pastor.
FIRST Mental Science Temple meets at 11 a.
m. in Golden Gate Hall; lecture on '"L*nlver- t
sal Love" repeated, by Professor W. A. C. 1
Smith; public invited; f— e. i
THE Theosophlcal Society— Mr. Charles W. j
Leadbeat<>r «? London, occultist and Theoso- |
phisr, will lecture in Odd Fellows' Hall. Sev- j
enth street, neax Market, at « o'clock to-night.
Subject, "The Unseen World." Admission.
25c. Come early. No reserved seats.
M __TI X G S Sl'XD.VY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this even-
ing on •'Eipctriclty. Us Past. Present and
Future." at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castl*. POT
Mcrket st . followed by magnificent views of
"A Voyage Among the Stars"; free tickets j
distributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium ,
next Tuesday ; seats free; no eolUfction.
A— DR. RINES Spiritual Society. 909 Market;
11, fre^; 2-S, 10c: T eood mediums; all tests:
jub!l<«e Jan. 16. 15C1: -society _t Crystal Hall
8-10 sfcsrr; tests: social 10. J. R. Little. Sec.
MRS. STODDARD'S grand test circles. 10c;
Tuesday.. Thursday. Sunday. S p. m. ST8 !
Ninth st. ; sittings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S ethf realizing, materializing se- i
anc, i> p.m.: */>c. 10S4 Bush. nr. Le&venworth. |
MRS. GILLINGHAMS spiritual test meeting, j
S p. m.. 305 La. rkln. rm. &0; sealed ques. ; 10c. •
KATIE HEI'SSMANN'S circle to-night, :5c. i
124 Uuss. off Houard, near Cth; sittings dally.
Arnold & EMckson's spiritual & bus. tests to-
nlght 10c; all receive tests. 14S 6th. room 6.
J!i:n. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
EARLE'S scarce to-night. 305 Taylor st.
TEST meeting every night. 10c: sittings daily.
J4v fth st.. room 32. MRS VIGAR8.
MEETING NOTICES. •
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 330. I. O. <_Wli*~.
• I K.— All rr.*-ml»>r- are rfqueftM s i?^?5c <r -
to attend installation rt officers
MONDAY EVENING. January 14, "^WUW>
ISO. Visitors cordially invited.
W. A. McINNIS, JC. O.
O. M. COLBURN. R. S.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L I. O. .*_»»_'
O. F.— Members will aJl attend »*>>* > "~W?!t
meeting MONDAY EVEXIXU. 'SfCtS?
Jan. It. T_e Grand Master will
pay _s an official visit; his lecture la
tooth entertaining and Instructive. Visitors
welcome. O. H. DOHLSON. N. G.
ANNUAL meeting— Re»rular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 227 Market «... San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 2Sth day of January. 1S0L
*t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to jerve
Jor the ensuing year and the transaction of
«uch other busln«-ss as may come befor* the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. January 17, 1&0L at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
¦TOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of the etockholders of tn* Union- Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market et., gan Francisco, on Tuets-
l day. January 22. 190L at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Director*
I to serve for the ensuing year, and for th*
' transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
V J. O'B. GCNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market St., 6a.a Francisco. CaL
January 10, 1301.
TO the etockholders and members ot the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice Is
hereby (riven that a general meeting of the
etockholders and members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at lt»
. effice and place of business. No. _S0 Market
» rt.. In the city and county of San Francisco.
¦ State of California, on SATURDAY, the 26th
_ay »f January. ttCL at the hour of !2
1 o'clock m., the object of eaid meeting being
the removal from office cf the following
n_n#d directors of said corporation, to wit:
, C. H. Koehncke. Bertha Koehocke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhnnan. and that at
such meeting it is the Intention of th« under-
e!gn«i to propose the removal of each of said
director*, and also at said meeting the repeal,
amendment and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Etetun-
ehlp Company will be held at the office of
the company. 8?7 Market St.. San FrancUco.
California, en MONDAY. January 2L 1ML at
th« hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the r,ur-
po»* cf electing a Board of Direc*Trs to serve
Jor the ensuing year, and the transaction cf
eueh other business aa may come before th«
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. January 10, 19C1. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR — To the Stockholders of The
' Emporium and Golden Rule. Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders ef The Empo-
rium and Golden Role Bazaar, a corporation,
win b* held at the principal of3ce of th«
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market st., between fourth and Fifth, la th«
city and county cf San Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January, 1S01. at J o'clock p. m.. for the
pcrpoiM of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of the Board of Dlreetcr*.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
"Dated January 3, 1201.
NOTICE Is herefcy given that a special meet-
Jrg of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and P_n Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the principal office of the
ccmptnjr tn th« city cf Ban Frand^co. CaL.
on SATURDAY, the nineteenth (19th) day of
January, 1901, nt 12 o'clock noon, for the par-
I«"re of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment for the gale and conveyanace to and
rurcha** by The Atch>on. Topeka and Santa
I> Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The San Francisco and
Ban Joaquin Valley Railway Company, and
to trar.ract »ny other business that may
legally come before th* meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Saw r*r«ng|»co. January 4. lSCrt. •
ANNUAL. MEETLNG-Tbe • regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pa Jaro
Valley Consolidated Kallroad Company will
be held at the office of the company, r M7
Market rt.. Fan FVandsco. on MONDAY, the
twenty-flret day cf January. 1301. at the hour
cf u o'clock a. tn.. frr the purpose of elect-
Ing a board of directors to serve for the
•¦nrotng T*ar and th* transaction > of * Mich
other btialness as may come be for* the meet-
In*. The transfer books will close on Friday.
January ig, mi. at 3 o'clock p. m.
____• W. H. HANNAM. Secretary. .
BORROW on diamond*: perfe<t secrecy; pri-
vat« entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant av.
MEETINGS— I'nlreranl Brotherhood.
AND Theosopbical Society. 25th anniversary;
thwe days' Jubilee; Sunday evening, 1 13th.
subject,' * Twentieth Century Battles"; Mon-
day evening, 14th, "Hypatla," Greek sympo-
eium In costume;. Tuesday, 15th, mystic In-
terpretation of "The Tempest." tableaux;
Academy of Sciences Hall. 819 Market St.
AGENTS WAXTED.
TWO high grade Follcltors for city work on
Ju.1;<> Hrewer's "World's Best Orations" and
"World's Beet Essays"; also one for _*»
Angeles. 206 Kearny St.. room €06.
AGENTS and canvasser* everywhere for -best
line Everlastins Leather Web Suspenders In
America: lichtntnK sellfrfs; agents $5 to $15 a
day; send for term*. National Leather 'Pus-
pendT Co., 2077A Fulton St.. Brooklyn, N. Y.
AGENTS wanted to sell a beautiful colored
map of Ireland: linen paper: varnished: men
cr women can make money by It. EHEEHY.
4CA Raucch at.
AGENTS to sell n«w process window-washer;
water tank, rponge and rubber dryer eom-
blned. KIEFER BROS.. Cleveland. Ohio.
TRAVELING salesmen wanted to carry gloves
Fide line for Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and
other territory. Address box 1118. Call office.
AGENTS to f\l nil stork; reliable companies;
acents making from $100 to $500 a momh. Ad-
dress O. A. LANE. Mills bldg., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
0. C. C DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing sur>erfiuous hair; will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
Fkln; personal demonstrations free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., agcy., 42K Ellis.
AGENTS—Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
AGENTS WANTED-Just closed contract for
big Eastern success; Fend stamp for reply.
THE PACIFIC CO.. San Bernardino. Cal.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fectlon and others. Agency, 416 Ellis st., S. F.
WANTED— First -class advertising solicitor; big
money to the rlpht man. 927 Market, r. 615.
SEWING machine and photo ngents. ' Box
1015. Call office. - ¦
$200 TO $000 per month: men or women; salary
or commlfsion or both. S27 Market St.. r. <515.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
• Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 927 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. Q, W.
HOWE, atty at Ia.w. SiO Market, cor. Stooktn.
Cl'STER. Herman J., attorr.ey-at-law. 927 Mar-
ket, r. 706: open evenings; consultation fre<>.
FRANK W. SMITH: mining and probate law a
specialty* Mills big., r. 3, 4th fir.; tel. Red 361S.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market ft., opp. M~ton.
1. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst building. Third
and Market rts.: phone Red C262.
L. & CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k»t Ft.; <-onyultatlcn free; no fees In advance.
ASPHALTl'M HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
P»li"d: postal. 11*6 Mission- tel. Foloom 1E07.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Send date of blrth~ for" proof of
astrological science. E. S. GREEN. 1S04 Mar-
ket »t.
UATII CABINETS.
LA GRIPPE— Robinson and Perfection bath
cabinets will thoroughly heat and sweat the
bedy, break chills and fever, effectually cur-
Ing la grippe; investigate before too late;
cpen Sunday. Agency, 426 Ellis Bt.
ELECTRIC light bath <-ablnets to let and for
fale. 1*86 Point Lobrs ove.
BOAItniXG FO^ C1 ? j^ 1 * 1 * !P N *
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children: German lady;
best of references from former parties. 536A
Plxth ft.
IILSIN_SS CHANCES.
A— RESTAURANT in country town $3.">n
Saloon; near Sixth and Market sts 1000
Manufacturing business. 3000
Fruit «tore 135
Photograph gallery 1000
Saloon; down town *. 1000
Stationery and bookstore 1600
Cardy store and factory; clears $100 WV)
Saloon, $300; saloon, only $1200; saloon 5000
Meat and delicacies store 1200
5 restaurants; prices from $150 to 5000
Hotel. 14" rooms; clears $500 S50.1
Corner grocery and bar 50)
WK) other places from $50 to 20.000
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market; f\. Mint 796.
$1009— S.ALOON downtown; fine location; ele-
gant fixtures; large stock; paying business;
owner mutt leave the city; offer wanted.
DECKER. 1020 Market 8t.
PARTNER wanted in a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
solid and wllahle trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest to an acceptable party: duties will
be the k<-<--p'.nc of the accounts and assisting
generally in the management of the buelness;
capital required, $.'.000 to $10,000; full value in
sight; book* and business open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY _ CO.. 632
Market et.
CIGAR STORE— Splendid downtown location;
paying buMness; rent $60; good stock and fix-
tures; sickness cause of selling; genuine bar-
pain at price; fSOO; many other bargains in
bus. opportunities. O. W. SCHWEINHARD,
phone Mint 1811. 917 Market, bet. 5th and 6th.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.-Saloon
in best part of city, does a very fine business;
established 6 years: price $1000, which Is less
than Vt ccst of fixtures.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business: special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK - CO.. 667 Market st.
A CANDY bakery; notions and papers; laundry
office; bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
J200— RESTAURANT proposition ; seldom offered ;
rent $36; payments. IJ. McRAE. 837 Mission st.
____________ ___.„_
Our expert handicap figures netted $662 last
month, playing $10 straight on each selection;
commissions from $20 up will b<" accepted to be
played by us as per our handicap eheets. N. S.
HAND & CO., 34 Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted; either rilent or active, with
$15,000, for local distribution of best adver-
tised line of merchandise In America: cash
1— turns certain and Immediate. TRADER,
box 1150. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with small capital to buy
Interest and develop several rich claims with
ownt-r In Kookrock country, Alaska, next
(ummer. Box 112S, Call office.
RESTAURANT; centrally located; averages
$16; for couple or partners; full investigation
or trial allowed; price $300. Box 1113. CalL -
FOR sale at once— A stock of Jewelry, fixtures,
safe. etc.. at a sacrifice: store to rent cheap.
Apply to M. BENAS. 484 Sixth St.. 8. F. •
$4C0 CASH— Balance mortpape of $2500 can re-
. main: store and flat on Pacific st. Box 1125.
Call office.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, confectionery, no-
tions, cigars; leaving city. 12C3',4 Golden Gate.
SALOON— One block from ferry; wholesale dis-
trict; price reasonable. Box 1128, Call office.
J200— PARTNER wanted; light business; no
experience required. 9 Geary Bt,, room 21.
tlS— CORNER store. 3 rooms. 823 Bryant st ,
between First and Socond.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar. with three living
rooms. 64 Raucch at.
$1S— CANDY store; 3 rooms and bath. 1117 Pa-
cific st.. near Hyde.
LAUNDRY route; splendid opportunity. Box
1146. Call office. * . ' . ;
FOR sale — A first-class hotel containing 40
rocms, furnlFhed throughout; In running
order; been open 10 years; on principal street;
the leading hotel: bar attached: at one of the
prominent summer resort*, within I hours'
ride from San Francisco. Address for full par-
tlculars box 3998. Call office.
AA— $4C0; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
CIGAR store; fine location; for aale; cheap.
29 Ninth st. '-.
1200— RESTAURANT; opposite railroad and
steamship landing, where 1000 men working;
no opposition: bargain. Apply 610 Folsom.
$450— LAUNDRY across the bay, horse, wagon
and stock on hand worth $350; weekly average
receipts $70; must be bold account of sickness;
long lease; rent $35. Elder Co.. - 636 Market.
FOR sale— Chophouse; good business: expenses
email; electric lights; $350 caeh. Particulars
W. C. STEELE. 7 N. California et.. Stockton.
PARTNER, lady or — nt; Vilt edge business;
¦tsfe; profitable. M. KASTL. 1216 Valencia st.
BOARDING-house for sale; bargain: half block
from ferry; rent cheap. 45 Sacramento st.
SALOON' for sale— Second door from Kearny;
»2O month. Apply 423-42S -, Jackson Bt.
FIRST-CLASS butcher shop for. sale; In good
location and go«xl business. Box 1095. Ca|l.
$100— OYSTER and chop house. $0$Vi Howard
-at.; sickness the cause. ¦
1 M B 1 1 1 _____ . . - . i~*~t_«B
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED. ;
FOR ¦ sale— An old established bakery-, busl-
. ness, baking about one barrels of flour a day;
principally store trade; can be doubled by at-
tending to it. Apply to HARTTER &
HAYES. 216 Front at. * :
BUTCHER business in'a country town: estab-
lished over 40 years : average sales $55 per
day; only chop In town; owner wishes to re-
tire; property will invoice price. Address box
1076. Call office. .. . . ;'
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain this week.
Call at 419 Kearny st. ¦ .
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, f. ' 4.
LODGI.\G.IIOUSES FOR SAI.B.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market: tel. Blaok 180*1 near Call bldg.
10 rooms; new; rent ?40: residence...' J5S0
13 rooms; rent t35; clears J35; good fur.... 350
1$ roorcs: rent |65; clears $65 month POO
11 rooms; Post 6t.; r?nt $45; quite nice... 600
25 rooms; flno residence; Sutter st.; full of
steady roomers; o!ears $102 mo. ; departure.)
15 rooms; nice 'residence; Sutter st.: elegant
furniture; new; will sell at a great bargain.
65 rooms; apartments: rent $1SO; full $2,100
20 rooms; cor.; rent $75: nice; clears $54.. .$1200
106 rooms; first-class in every respect.
40 rooms: rent $150; now fur.: always full of
steady roomers; fine carpets; a bargain. (4500
27 rooms: velvet carpets; oak and .cherry fur.;
clears $173 a month; near theaters $3000
14 rooms; rent $75; 8 offices rent for $60; con-
tral location; fur. «nd carpets good... $1900
SI ROOMS; house clears $U0 .$2000
14 rooms on Mission pt 500
6-room flat on Taylor pt... 230
P0 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
18 rooms on Third Rt '.. 6M
ti) roonn on Powell Rt 950
" 46 rooms; fine corner; clears tlOO 3500
2* rooms on G*ary st.; clears S150 1900
25 rooms on Kearny Ft.; clears $150 1600
4i1 rooms; boarding-house 4000
30 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms on Post st. ; in payments.. 850
12 rcoms; clears $75 450
DOC OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,004).
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
t.' II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
CO ROOMS; newly furnished; rent »1."0..:...$3000
37 rooms; money-maker: near Market.... 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50 900
10 rooms; J45O; 10 rooms, quick.. 850
10 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease- $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clean" $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 102C Market St.
Telephone Mint 1591
27 rooms; rent $50; a bargain $650
47 rooms; Al location; part cash 2700
60 rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner 2250
31 rooms; worth $2500: reduced to 1300
A— 45 ROOMS; north cf Market; Al furniture;
clears $200 net; must be sold at once; reduced
to $23Oi}; 20 new houses Just listed. REIN-
HOLD. SKIRM & SNYDER. 927 Market St..
room 218, second Moor; phone Folsom 2011.
Also open evenings.
25 ROOMS on Market st.: furniture good as
new; clears $100: only $1100. REIXHOLD,
SKIRM & SNYDER. 927 Market St.
LARGEST^llst lodffln^-hcuses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2. 917 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
CALL at our office an<: see large list of bar-
gains In houses. EMERY & CO., 3 Eddy St.,
room 1.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St.. room 6.
Big bargains; list In office: money loaned:
clear title; houses all full. ANDREW PRICE
& CO., 30 Kearny st., room 6.
FOR sale, cheap — Newly furnished' 16-room
apartment house; permanently filled; must
be sold owing to other business. Call before
10 a. m. or after 6 p. m. at 1157 Octavia st.
CALL and see our 'list of bargains in houses:
wo have them in any part of th<» city and ai
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth gt. _^
FOR sale— Finest equipped family hotel In the
city; elegantly furnished: $12,000; $SO0O cash.
Call Rt 207 Sansome ?t.. rooms 1 and 2.
AN Investment of $2250 will buy a lodging-
house of 40 rooms: centrally located: Income
5600 per mo.; net $250 to $200: must be sold at
once; part cash. Box 10S7, Call.
FOR sale, cheap— Newly furnished 15-room
apartment house; permanently filled: must
be sold owing to other business. Call before
10 a. m. or after 6 p. m. at 1157 Octavia t>t.
BARGAIN: J8f)0; lodging- houi=e of 76 rooms; In-
vestigate. 103 New Montgomery st.
13 SUNNY room lodging-house for sale. Apply
at 504 Third fL
SPIIUTUALISM.
MRS~DR~FARNHAM. world-renownpd~spiritl
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life. law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty: cirs. Sun., Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Corns and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
j readings daily. 10 to 10. Vendome, 1101 Mar-
ket st., room 14.
I EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. comer Ellis— Sittings
dally; reance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader.. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER— Read lues daily; circle every
eve", 10c, except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
ALEXANDER CARTELL, healer & developer;
short time only; treats all diseases. 3 Eddy.
I C. Mayo-Steers. 1I2V4 Oak, trance medium;
readings, $1: hours, 1-5 p. m. : teL Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally: tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. .T. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the. Egyptian Gypsj', draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
eight into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR. for she Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb In thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 114S
Market st., opp. Sixth. By mall three quCs-
t'ons answered $1. Full life reading, $5.
MME. M. BERNARD, '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 -Third st.. next
Examiner building.. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an -accurcte description of I the
pafit, reveals the preKeut nappenlngs and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
are in trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied in life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this Kfreat medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in ni: affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall;. write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. E. M. DUVAU ', ~~
215 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Los Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. < She tells , your past,
present and future life, - diagnoses diseases,
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles In
the path of your life Fhe can tell you how
to overcome them an-J how to avoid them.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully in
Los 'Angeles for the past nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as those
In the highest society, and mill has -patrons
there, to whom ehe will continue to. give her
valuable advice. , -
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket »t.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 15
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist*. 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make.no mistake, 1104
Market st.. corner Mason; room 23.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 60c,
•rents $1; palm, and clalr.* sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— Mr*. Dr. Say lor. Queen -of clairvoyants And
palmate; important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law; rvtl Influence 'removed;
fee sQc. mall $1. 1811H Market; opp. Van Ness.
MME. LAROSE, 'clairvoyant, card reader: best
.: advice, 25c up. 472: Stevenson St., -cor. Sixth.
MUS.. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
I water reader. 11 Sixth St.; German spoken.
ENDOLIA, psychic. : cord-reader and healer; :i
month: 12 to 8 p. m.:50<-. v. 429. Eddy st. , ...
MME.' VALEEN, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist and healer. ' 215 . Leavenworth r st. •
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
1st and card reader; 2.".c. 7 Seventh st. •
MRS. B. BAUMANN,. the well-known fortune
.'¦ teller. ¦ has removed to 308 O'Farrell . st. , ',-.¦: ¦
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
"prfr««nt. future; . 25c. ' US Sixth Bt.. room 14."
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. " palm •
; 1st and card reading.; 25c : 1241H Market st.
MRS. 1 ; BROWN, scientific card reader; 1 eadlngs
/-', dally. ¦: 103 Fifth nt.; '¦ room g. --.'¦ „ ;¦ •" v -- . -¦ v ,
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyants card ; reader : and
-palmistry; truth or no pay; 25o.; 1149 Mission.
BORROW: on r diamonds; • secrecy; ? private ¦ en-
'- t trance; private rooms. Uncle Harrls.715 Grant.'
MRS. E.; M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
rnMlum.r 215 Kearny- nw.j rooms ¦ 8-10."
MME. S SCHA FFER. clairvoyant.' card reader;
fittings dally. 44S*4 Jeaeie st. ' ¦;«-¦,.
.....-.-•, ..CLAIRVOYANTS.".'
ISMAR. the Egyptian '. . Eypsy. • clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dany. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life. fluently; business
" advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATISG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINtrs Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. , 353-357 Tchama st.: tel: .' South 40.
CAP.PETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid : at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning. Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM,' Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Bep.ting Works, 333 Golden
Gate B\-e.; telephone East 126. - ¦¦
CARRIAGES _._ AND WAGONS.
AN. A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
, camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
TOP bu^gy; piano box; side bar: nearly new:
bargain. ,f?g Market St., room C. .•¦.-.- If: .
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, insrown nails. waTts^chiH
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge unl
lest; successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 larre rooms; large yard;- rent
S9. Apply 1300 Florida St., cor. Twenty-fifth.
$9— COTTAGE; rear; 4 rooms and attio; garden;
close to cars. 1121^ Filbert st.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Ma£
j ket sL. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done palnlsesly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 30 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
. plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fill ings, 50c; plates.,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. .
EIGHT prises for bent crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest- and eruarnnteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 80 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old vlates made over like new; teeth
from ?8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9C9
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, E0c.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. S., 1206 Market St.— Ex-
! pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2X5 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set cf teeth, ?4; crowns, ?3; fillings, 23c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
d.iys. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNO. lSU Polk St.,
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating, pjnklng. US McAllls-
j ter: branch 121 Post, over O'Connor, Moffatt.
1 — ~ ~ — ; — - - " : —
DRESS skirts made. %l 50. 132 Sixth St.. room 6.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCH^ioiCr^rT'r^BUsiNESS COL-
LEUI-:. 1236 Market st.; individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
I civil service coaching: tuition $S month. - "
ALL students but two taking full course this
-'year, got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; JS per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, rc-portorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeplnar. full course, $50: catalogue."
HEALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
j guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night soosions: new 8 j- pas o catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical col-
leges: reference*. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 I*arktn st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
collf-ge graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.-
ENGIMEERINO. civil, elec. mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey. &Rf ay. cyanide, arch. ;day. eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand. Academy;
lespons by mail ; acknowledged by official r«-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 120 Kearny st.V r. 53.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dnlin lfFsons, 60c. W. P. CHAMBERS. 204
Sutter Ft.
MONEY advanced on articles of alt descrip-
tions, from II to 11000. at UNCLE HARRIS 1 .
15 Grant ave. • ¦• '
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFlllppe'sAcadem?
of lanKuages320Post;estab'dl871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
TEACHERS'. Agcy. A. McNI?H.Mgr.,r.'31.FIood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night clasn. 424 Pine st.
EMl'LOYMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsidero; tel. Fell 136.- F. HAM ADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
conks, waltern and house ' servants. GEO.
' AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office:
best help. 52$ O'FarrpIl st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- -
flee; all kinds help.' 315 Stockton: Main C1SS.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
j ORPIIEITM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Beft help. MM O'FarrpIl St.; -tel. East 4?fl. -,
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — -FEMALE.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wants a posi-
tion ns working housekeeper; r girl 12 ¦ years
with her; city or country. Box 1122. Call.
YOUNO clrl wishes position to do second work
in private family; no children; $18 to $20.
Call Monday 115 Taylor St.
WOMAN wlFhes housework by the : day. Ad-
drers 513 Folsom st. v -
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman at
child's nurse. Address Nurse, 1J23 Bush st.;
'city; rear house. .
RELIABLE young German girl wishes position
as helper In millinery store. Call Monday 423
Second st.
A YOUNO woman lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
- ' tmslner* need answer. Box 10O5. Call office.
A REFINED young lady, studying music would
Ilk.; to-d»vote' afternoons to f some lady as
companion; ¦ reference. Address 1509. Larkln.
LADY wishes ' sewlne s and mending . to ; do at
.:• home. . ISO Fourth st. --;.-;.- . ¦ -
GOOD cook, a reliable : woman, ' wants down-
stalra work. Box HIS, Call office. ;
YOUNG woman would like a. position as house-
. keeper or, plain .* sewing. .1235 Market. St.,
room 2. between Eighth and Ninth. ,; • '-.^
F.JRST-CLASS laundress by day; good hand on
- children's clothes.^* Box 1139.. Call office. ';
A LADY of good address wishes a position as
¦¦ housekeeper; would ¦ prefer one , child in fam-
; lly. Box 1136. Call offlcg. ' ; ; '
; COMPETENT, woman. wishes work by the day;
; wash.'; Iron ' and ; house cleaning..' 1212 Mission.
A , WOMAN ? with '. two children wishes - house-
; ,work to do; good housekeeper and 'plain cook;
¦ city or country. -Call 637 Howard st.'; upstairs.
STRONG,'. good; willing. woman; a great' house
: - ; - cleaner . and j can ' dp -.most ) any I kind ¦ of \ work;
'-•; good references: wages $1 per day and carfare.
• Addrees 35 Fifth st.'.roonv '4. upstairs. : '.'.: ../ ..;
DANISH Jcirl \ wants :. to* do ft cooking ; : ' private
•"American family; r wages $20 to • |25. .- Call 411
.; Sixth St.. Monday. , ¦ .-:. ..;.'¦ , -.»¦:' ; „.->;¦ • ;
FERFECT; fitter ¦ on ¦ tailor and evening suit!
swants engagements; tl 25 per, day; {214 Taylor.
.WOMAN want?:, position caring if or children;
1 German families. Address -box 7*6, Call.
employment'- wanted—female.
A WOMAN, wishes a place to "do chamber
work ; or general housework. :; Box 1112.- Call;
GERMAN girl j wants a situation j for general
housework In small family; $25; city or coun-
;try. ;; 418 Powell Bt. ¦ .
YOUNG lady from Hanover wishes a situation
; ;as nursery governess for young child, or as
lady's companion; best of references. Box
.1106. . Call office. ,,-,.-• . ¦ ..; •
WOMAN wants position to do chamberworlc or
light housework. Call' 803 Turk st, '
WANTED by Eastern woman— Position as
managing or working .housekeeper; city or
country: children preferred. Call or address,
-25 Third St., room S.-
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to do
at home. ,951 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes . engagement
caring for lady or gentleman Invalid; rates
reasonable. Box ¦ 1C9S." Call office. * '¦- ¦
BORROW, money of the respectable and rella-
. ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. $1 SO to $6
week; convenient ~an<< respectable; free 'bus
- and baggage ' to and from 1 ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. < • ¦ ..'¦•. - ¦
; EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— MALE.
CARPENTER, first-class, 60ber. good mill-
wright, can repair wagons, good references,'
wants steady work for company or institute;
wages reasonable. Address box 1121, Call.
COOK, "good meat and pastry, and wife, want
situations, wife to help In kitchen or cham-
ber .work; city or country; good references.
Address box 1117. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER, perfect in all branches,
wishes position. Address 26,4 j Natoma st.
PAINTER, paperhanger, tlnter for Inside and
• outside work; 16 years* experience; first-class
references. Painter, box 1116, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to do gen-
eral housework or bedmaker in hotel, lodg-
ing or rooming house. Box 1129, j Call office. • *
WATCHMAKER, first-class, wants position; 11
years' experience. Box 1119, Call office.
STRONG boy wishes work mornings before go-
ring to school. Box . 1134, Call office.
GERMAN man seeks employment gardening;
also a milker and driver. JULIUS KIECK-
BUSH, 711 California st. .
MIDDLE-AGED man, practical gardener,
wlBhes a position; Is handy man around house
and with horses. Box 1133. St. Joseph's Home.
VALET or literary companion by young man;
linguist, stenographer, musician. Box 1141.
Call office. ,
WANTED— Position to work as gardener or to
repair lawn; general handy man; can furnish
¦ references. ¦ Address box 2073, Call office.
A — COLORED man and wife want situations as
cooks In a boarding house or Institution, city.
Box 1114, Call office.
A STRONG, reliable married man. 45, German,
would like any kind of position In wholesale
houce or warehouse; always steady and sober;
good references. Box 2072. Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work about place;
understands care of horses; can milk; good
gardener; handy with tools; good references.
R. G., 2426 Buena Vista ave., Alameda.
WANTED— Position as night watchman. Box
1101. Call office.
YOUNG .German, handy with tools, wants
work In or near city. Address box 1100, Call.
WANTED— Position of night watchman; bonds
given. Address 3171 Mission, phone Church 911.
RELIABLE middle-aged roan .wishes position;
is si horse doctor; understands gardening,
carpenter work, painting, etc. ;¦ can do any
kind of work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM, 4S East St.
SALESMAN wants position In country store;
best of city references;- has been 15 years In
the last, two situations. Address box 954,
Call office. ...
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches^sllver.
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave. - ¦•-:'¦•.•
A FIRST-CLASS shoemaker would like to get
a steady position;- In thoroughly sober man-
city or country. Box'10€7, Call office.
WANTED — A gentleman of addrees and busi-
ness-experience desires occupation: amount
of salary not important. Box 1090. Call office.
.. FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 214 Stevenson st.
' FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT lower flat; sun all day; 4 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. 3020 Buchanan st.
.Elegant upper flat; sunny; 7 rooms and
bath; 301S Buchanan St.: rent reasonable. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. !
TO let— New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
TO let— LOWER flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st -
A— 3-ROOM sunny upper flat; rent $12; water
free. 231H Sixth st.
ALMOST new flat; 6 rooms, bath, cellar. 25
Blrin Park. . . .
IF. you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St.; near Seventh. '
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner Bt., off Howard, near Eighth.
4 ROOMS; lower flat: $9. 339 Harriet st. bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Bryant and Brannan. !
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave., IVi blocks to Market St.. Gough and Oo-
tavia. \ " •
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale and house of 9 rooms to
let; rent $25- Apply Sundayon premises, 273
' Stevenson st. -
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Lnrkln: tel. Polk 694;
fUrnlture A fura'd house*. bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
s«e IV. E. CODY. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3363.
CHAS. LEVY buys' your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1138 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GAS ENGINES
NOTICE; to gas engine buyers — The J. von Ser-
' key combination gas engine is the latest In-
vention; It Is ihe best and cheapest: it is self-
starting under full load and reverse without
- eluthches or gearing: is noiseless and is very
economizing, and simple.-. 108 Main, St., San
Francisco, Cal. Price |40 per horse power for
• medium sizes. .- .' '-', ¦.. ,
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 183
;.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ............
2 , head .waitresses, .city and country, $25; 2
waitresses, . Fresno, $20: 2 waitresses, -Institu-
tion, $23 and found; 3 waitresses, Arizona.
j $20, « free • fare ; 2 waitresses. - Salt Lake City,
¦ Utah, $20, fare advanced; 8 waitresses^ flrst-
class* commercial -hotels, $20; 5 waitresses.
. city, $20; '3 chambermaids to wait, $20; Ger-
man chambermaid, city. $20; restaurant cash-
ier, to week; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses.
. $20; - lunch,- »3. -
.;........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT .;........
North-German girl for sewing -and -care of
child 9 . years : old, .- $20, ' choice : place ; - second
'.'|rlrl..care of children.' J20; nurseglrl, country."
$20 and fare paid: houseglrl,- Mill Valley. $20;
German housegtrl to go north. : $25, • fare paid;
others. C.'R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, st.
20 s LADIES of good presence to usher at the
'. dedication . (also graduation of 150 -> pupils) . of
the Hoover School of Physical Culture, raised
to . the rank of • a university.- Friday "evening,
Jan. 18; 'remunerated; .evening or fashionable
•dress required;. flowers furnished. Call 3 to 9
p.'m.; after Sunday, room . l; 1327 Market st.";
MEN'S neckwear — Expert scarf maker to act as
.'¦forelady: and teach beginners; good' salary;
permanent position. ¦ Pacific Neckwear Mfg.
Sutter st. ;V ¦•;, : ' . ¦¦ ". - *. •
A' COMPETENT, woman for general housework
I and cooking; $20 and $25 a month.: C. H., box
1132. Call office.: .'¦¦-.-- -
OPERATORS wanted \ on men's pants. 407
. Stevenson ' st. : 'i£38»wI5S8BSJ<53_*»"?{88#_^?S )
WANTED— Girl ' for t housework. Apply 2004 '-i
;- Sutter- »t.". - : •-: - ¦:.,", '¦;'¦¦-.¦•- .'/. ¦¦ . ,,
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework." 710
; Hydest. v .v :¦¦.' ¦;..-•¦¦¦ '¦;¦¦¦-¦.¦¦•'¦.-;.-: ;u--.
GIRL to assist In housework and kitchen. 1042
.-:Ellls ; st. :.¦:..-.¦ r".. ,". • ;•-'....' ...- . : ¦ . • •
GIRL ; to take care of baby; has to ; sleep at
¦ home. 1042 Ellis st. -.' - - ... ,.; :..
LADIES ; to [ do- needle , work ' at | home;; material
¦ furnished ; ' $5 • to *J8 .weekly; , send 1 stamped en-
j velope for particulars. : Home : Industrial" Co.;
.9O',Wabash ave.'. Chicago. - " -¦ •
DRESSMAKERS for ladles' tailoring at School
"of Art and Cutting Academy, , S17-S19 Post ! st.
. HELP WAKTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A first-class coat finisher. 620
:, Kearny 'st.. room L - *--' -
WE want a bright, quick. woman for position
requiring som*. exe:utlvc ability. Box 1137.
Call office. -' '-'¦'-*:
FIRST-CLASS talloress and apprentices on eus-
- torn coats; steady work. 188 Shipley, off Fifth.
Al SKIRT finishers. Jacket finishers; also but-
- tonhole-maker. LESTEN. Ladles' Tailor.
8-10-12 Kearny «t. \.
WANTED — Girt with references to do cooking
and some housework: only 3 In family: wages
J30; call between 12 and 2 or after 5 p. m.
¦ Z02S California st.
YOUNG girl wanted for second work, waiting
and to assist with children. Call Monday, be-
fore. 12. at 2617 Laguna st. '
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
APPRENTICE girls on coats; paid while learn-
ing. 126 Russ st. ¦
WANTED— First-class bookkeeper: must have
experience. Box 1145, ' Call office.
WOMAN wanted to take washing home. Apply
after 6 p. m., 410H Thirteenth st.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
¦ McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
Is giving more to its patrons than ever before;
special class rates for this month. $12 and $13;
practical business . course In millinery; now is
the time to prepare for spring work; late pat-
terns from N. Y. Just received: patterns cut to
order; linings fitted. McDOWELL*S.1019 Market.
WANTED— A German or Swedish girl to do
scrubbing, dishwashing and window cleaning;
wages $20. Apply between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
at Pacific Hebrew Orphanage. 600 Devlsadero.
A FEW experienced operators, and also glrla
for instruction at the Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
: eelf-assertlon; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED girls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market (upstairs).
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coals.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
NEAT young girl; small family; second woman;
German preferred. 4237 Twentieth st.
OPERATORS: shirts & overalls: Inexperienced
Instructed. Heynemann & Co.. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED millinery trimmers; must be
Al; good wages; long season. Box 1C94. Call.
FIRST-CLASS 2d trimmers, makers and sales-
ladies for millinery; year round. 130 Sixth st.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant av.
STRONG girl to do housework; call between 2
and 4. 226 Broadway.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levi
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32Vs Fremont
et Apply to MR. DAVIS.
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. Ml Market St.;
call upstairs. '
ELDERLY lady to assist in housework; more
of a home than wages. Address 1913 Delaware
St., Berkeley.
A LADY for light housework; good home and
fair pay for right p&rty; call after 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoeived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1U9(
Valencia St. ' ¦ - ' ' ¦ ¦
HELP WANTED—MALE.
A— SPECIAL TO-DAY SUNDAY
Office Open 7:30 to 2 P. M. ' ' .
Wanted— Gang of railroad laborers, company
work.
$173 a day, beard. $4 50 a week........
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary gt.
A-SPECIAL TO-DAY. SUNDAY. WANTED—
Machinist, good lathe hand, large company.
country J3 60 a day
3 machinists, floor men 193
Machinist, floor and bench hand $3 10 day
Apply to-day (Sunday) between 10 and 11 a.
m. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— 2 STENOGRAPHERS and typewriters, large
firm, country, K0; «?o boss here. - MURRAY
& READY, 634-626 Clay st.
WANTED— All barbers members of Barbers*
Union, local No. 1S4 of Oakland, to be present
at their next regular meeting, MONDAY
EVENING. January H. 1901. at Foresters*
Hall, corner Thirteenth ar.d Clay sts. *-.¦'-. "
C. W. FRESHER. Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Fiee employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: teL Jessie 152.
TAILORS — Wanted for the country, man who
can cut and sew. Call Monday, 11 a. m., at
STEIN, SIMON & CO.'S. Market and Second
sts., San Francisco.
GOVERNMENT positions— Thousands of ap-
pointments from Civil Service examinations;
be held everywhere In March and April; cata-
logue. Information free. Columbian Corre-
spondence College, Washington, D. C.
EARN better salary: study electricity, mechan-
ical engineering; drawing home by corre-
spondence; T. A. Edison ¦ Indorses institute;
book "Can I Become an Electrical Engineer?"
free. Electrical Engineer Institute, New York.
FIVE Masons good standing In Cal. and every
State; permanent, desirable position: salary,
commteaion. The Hazen Co.. New York.
SALESMEN— To sell imported and- domesttc
liquors, principally fine Kentucky whiskies
- and blends, case and barrel goods, to Jobbers
and saloon trade; good chance to the right
man: salary or commission. R. S. STRADER
& SON. 69 & 71 E. Water Bt., Lexington, Ky.,
MANUFACTURER wants dress goods, corset
and trimmings salesman; salary and commis-
sion Experience and reference to box 1030,
Call office.
.WANTED — Two successful salesmen for staple
line; to such we will pay $1SO per month and
traveling expenses. Address box 1121, Call.
GERMAN man to deliver bread: $25 and found.
Call bet. 1 and 2 p. m.. 930 Harrison st. '
BOY wanted. EAGLESON & CO.. 750 Market
street. •
BARBER wanted for steady work. WM.
FRITZ. 1123 J St., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Men or women; big commissions,
Ut lea Cleansing Compound Co., II Bpear Bt.
TAILORS for ladles" tailoring at School of Art
and Cutting Academy, 817-819 Post st.
CABINET makers wanted; first-class. . FINK
& SCH1NDLER. 13C9 Market »t.
STRONG boy wanted to learn blacksmlthlng
1165 Mission Bt.
A FRENCHMAN, with the best of references,
wants situation as ccok or waiter In a private
family. Address N. W.. box 1144, Call office.
SECOND cook- (roung ' man) to do short
orders. Capital Restaurant, 2C6 McAllister st.
A YOUNO man. addicted to the drug habit as
advertiser; must be wellbred and have some
. pride; state age, recommendations and salary
' expected. Box 1142, Call office.
WANTED— Cook or waiter as partner In ren-
" taurant : must have $173. R. R., box 1143.
-Call office. .
WANTED — Book canvassers everywhere: sam-
ple. Copy 5c. Address "The Forerunner," 305
Guerrero St. .
EXPERIENCED man. car painting. Apply to-
day (Sunday). 643 Howard st.
WANTED— Man and wife for ranch. $30; col-
ored man cook, $35. . CATTELL'S Employ-
ment Office. S23 Eighth St.. Oakland. -.
WANTED— Baker, second hand, i 721 Polk st.
WANTED— A practical gardener; single man.
21S Hayes St. . -, -.
WANTED— 2 good trunkmakers. D. D. WH1T-
NEY, Los Angeles.' Cal. - * . .- :~-> T ."
15c BARBER shop; choice location; Market st;
first-class trade: bargain. Box 1020. Call.
HOW TO OBTAIN ~~~
¦ A COMPETENCY IN THE
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCE.
Address JNO.I. D. BRISTOL.
' No. 1 Madison Avenue,
New, York City.
TWO active men for. temporary local position
(several weeks); talary $3 per day.- Addresd
Manager. P. O. ¦ box 1027. ' Philadelphia. . -
GENTLEMAN ot Indomitable energy and push*
; good opportunity to right man. ¦ F. PERSo V
room 412.' Parrott building. '
WANTED— Experienced . milk wagon driver for
retail milk route; must be able to build ud
route, have references and furnish cash bond-
good, salary to right man. Address box HOT*
. Call ; of flee. . ¦"; . - "
¦ ¦ — ¦ — " ' ¦ '
I A-— GOOD watchmaker; state salary wanted and
I v references. Box 109V Call office.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. TJ-
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 3 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
.1 inch In height; able to read, write and
speak Ergllah. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 ElliJ
St.. San Francisco. Cal :
WANTED— Man to manufacture first-class
soda; references necessary; good salary. Call
Grand Hotel, room JOO. between 8 and 9 a. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waitlne: Z*c
to 60c. 5C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and Id ats.
YOUNO man to drive and take care of horses.
People's Market, 2539 Market st.
WANTED — 100 men to take moms. 10c. lie and
. 20c. Eoston House. K» Howard st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery worlc
and Jobbing gardening. SCO Halght st.
WAVTED A solicitor of high irrade who can
present a hlsh class proposition to selected
individuals; 10 canvassing; high pay lor
right man. Room 6. a Market st.
AW amount to loan on your diamonds; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue free MOLER S
BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WANTED-La borers and mechanics 1 to lev—
that Ed Rolkln. ***>* l< !™*J r> ??™'\l™
runs Denver House; 217 ThiM st .: U0 largo
rooms; tv per night: »t to « per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly darnasred half
price. Sfi2 Ml~«lort st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MK*N to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St..
S. F. Barter School. __
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hand?;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. IS Steuart.
WINCH KSTKR House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 ronms, 2Tc night: read ing- room 3; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103*
Valencia st.
HEMOKKHOinS.
ANY cnse~or~Pli.es. Plies, Piles. Piles; over SCO
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone: men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther rw-rttculai- add. Physician, box 13.-.0. Cal..
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagona. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.: auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
6-YEAR-OLD horse; sound: .well broken to
single and double; good worker; very rentle
and stylish; weight 1300 pounds. 44^> Eight-
eenth St.. corner Douglass.
GOOD horse and delivery wagon: also top
buggy and harness. Inquire at grocery.
northwest corner Greenwich and Baker jts.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harness in good order, for sale cheap.
STAXLT MAYALL. C_3 Kearny St.. S. F.
FOR sale— Fresh cow. Apply A. KRETU, 144i
Thirteenth ave.. geiith Pan Francl3co.
HOCSES TO _ET. j£f-
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
IIOVSKS WAITED.
ABOUT 13-room house wanted cheap on Icasr
lease by unsurpassed tenant: vacant or partly
furnished: central. Address box 112Q. Call.
HOUSES WAXTED FURBISHED.
SMALL family, adults, will give perfect care,
and fair lent for completely furnished house
or flat; few months: marine view preferred.
J. R. DUNN. ColoniJl Hotel.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism, 5 lessens, $5; sensitives furnished.
997 Market st.
1VVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLE**.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames trtcycie
chair. EAMES Trieycl# Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST A.VD FOUND.
1<OST— Lady's alligator chatelaine purse, be-
tween Kelly & Llebes' and Grand Hotel: con-
tents $30 In coin. Return to O. P. WILSON.
Grand Hotel; suitable reward.
LOST— Brown pecketbook on Market st. Re-
turn to 877 Sutter st.; reward.
LOST— Large shepherd's crook with diamond
settings. Reward of tlOO will be given anil
no questions asked upon return of sama t >
M. BERNARD, Campbell, Metsun & Camp-
bell. 116 Crocker building.
LOST— Friday <llth). lady's gold watch: initial
I. C. R. on one side, diamond on reverse side.
Return to **614 Laguna st. and receive rewara.
LOST— On Mlssion-st. cars or between Fourth
and Fifth sts., small gold watch and chain.
valued a* keepsake. Reward at 1036 Valencia.
$100 REWARD-- Lost New Year's eve, a purso
containing solitaire diamond ring and small
gold. Return to 19 Market st.
LOST — Little white French dog; answers name
Boo-Boo. 501 Harrison st. ; reward.
LADY'S open-faced got<! watch. Return to
1715 Polk st. and receive reward.
LOST— Fox terrier^ tan colored, with collar:
reward. 1421 Buchanan St.; LEPSIC BROS.
FOUND— A small barge adrift between Maria
Islands and San Quentln on Friday. Jan. 4,
by JOHN GEORGE. San Quentln.
ANY old thing; also diamonds, sealskins: money
on them: private entrance; perfect secrecy.
_UNCLE HARRIS, _ Grant ave.
OLD gold, silver. diamo:>ds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEI* S17 Market St.
WANTED— Old gold for manufacturing. O.
NOLTE. Jeweler. 24S O'FarreH st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN+ 185-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new arid second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S3 complete outfits on on* floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 10_». 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and
to per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
rt. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A-OVERCOATS; K0 unredeemed pledges; all
colors and sizes; worth from $10 to $40; for
sale frcm SI to $3 each. CALIFORNIA LOAN
OFFICE. 33 Stockton Bt.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
50, OOO- GALLON redwood tank; 12.000 feet J. 4
and « Inch pipe and fittings. THOMPSON.
40 Main st. >
NICE pair diamond link buttons for 114: worth
- almost double the price. UNCLE HARRIS.
IS Grant ave.
CHEAP; family Finger sewing machine; gocd
order. 1C3 Hayes St.. near Polk.
FOR sale— Fine youns St. Bernard dog; cheap.
3332 Seventeenth st.
I&-SINGER family sewing machine for sale;
a bargain. 7C0 Eddy ft. ./^
A 10- TON- Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply 216 California st.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chlnery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and woo4
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLAS3 second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH ilfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery .it.
SAFER-New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacraments st.
MAGIC lanterns, new - and 2d-han<! moTln?;
pictures. BULLARP „ BRECK. 131 Post st.
S^FES— New and second-hand: all sixes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 119-111 Market st.. San Fran.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subrcrlptlons has been established at 109S
Valencia st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' ¦ and gents* cast-off clothing bought £±
scld. Sllverman. SS4 Fclsom; tel. Folsom 1131-
WanTED— Upright piano for cash. IL L.
-WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market *t.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
THE National Financial Agency, room No. IS.
Royal Insurance building. Pln» and Ransoms
' sts..- still has a limited quantity of high-
class non-a**essable mlnlnc stock for sale:
. return of full par value guaranteed to In-
vestors In stipulated time by approved bonds
held In trust' for redemption: dividends will
la all probability larrely exceed any po— ible
rate of Interest on any absolutely secure In-
vestments; Investigate.
HALF Interest or less for sale In developed
¦ high-grade gold quartx mine In California*
part cash, balance In Installment*; thorough!
Investigation Invited. For - partlrn'ars and
references address Owner, hei 11H - r_LTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
29
MIXCS . AAD MIXING.
COPPER Is tbe best mining proportion In the
W0 "J? tOHi *V. for the following reasons:
L The growing demand for copper occasioned
h v rt £ adyanc* la electrical construction.
Z. Tne depletion ut copper deposits, upon
-vnicn tl.e trade has hitherto largely depended.
z. The immense borikb of low-grade ore In
.avored localities, enabling companies with
inrjre capital to n-.alce ihelr properties dividend
P«>ers alraort from the beginning.
i. Bolter than gold, because "gold is where
yv-j find it," and. considering the large num-
ber r.X _o!d mines, is rarely found in paying
quAiuftif*: huge bodies of copper ore carry
uc.iomi values and Jon't "peter out."
• r '. letter than oil. because of the numerous
wildcat companies.
WASHINGTON COPPER MINES.
Perhaps tl.e largest ccrper deposits In the
w-or.a 2ie in the s^tate of Washington ; they were
uncovered and development work begun In,
tscn:e feectlcns only a few yrars ago: the oldest
ct the*-* minp* are pre_t producers to-day and
e.r*> making fortunes lor lae holders of the
ftock.
THE -O ROUND FLOOR" MAN. .
The tltr.e to make an imestmer.t is while the
enterprise Ik Fhaping itself— not alter it ha»
reached its perfected r .nrm. The men who make
the his nioney in every (treat enterprise are
those who come in a: the beginning, as history
proves. Wh^n the '•Republic" mine In Wash-
ington wat- organized the "crnund floor men"
r— id £r p»»r Fhare for thtir stock: one man who
I>ui in cs<x> fcU his t.i»cis. for $*»0.O0O and built
a brick block in Sentle with the proceeds.
¦When the ' Le Roy" w« organized In Spokane
four yrs— ngo a po^r lawyer «?_changed his |
lejra? F»rvi~f-e and .. few hundred dollars cash
for *tr<.k s-t the "ground floor" price. He has
realized over a million dollars and has some
rt^ck left. A Spokane rtenographer put all her
*arr.iriFs, J. r .OC. into "1>? Roy" stock and later
*.->!d cut for MO.**. "•Granite McuntaJn" fir-t
eoid on the St.- Louis market for 10c; In Elx
months it rose to J:O a Fhare. and in two
yea™ to fTS It made a hundred vast fortunes
icr i-to-khoMers. and hug paid more than J13.- I
Ooj.Guu in dJvHer.ds. There are hundreds of ilke j
Ir.stances. "I'nlon Consolidated" advanced
from So to J10. raid "Consolidated Virginia"
Irom llr to tC.%. Two yoars ago there was nit
a dividend payer In Washington: to-day there
fire Sftren. A thousand holder— of ttork in
the "Iniex" district in Washington will receive ¦
next year the first installment of the fortunes
that are coming to them; but remember that
*v«»ry or.e of these fortunate persons houjtht Ht
& time »h»n a small amount of money would
secure a large block of etock.
THE MONTEZUMA MININ« COMPANT.
This newest and at the same time the largest
d copper companies In Washington offers pre-
cisely the same opportunities that thousands of
people have graeped to their profit. It has
eipl.teen line properties in the famous Carbon
River find Tahoma ui.-lricts at the base of
Mount Rainier, fifty-two miles from Tacoma.
one ft the moFt favored mining regions In the
•world, hjr reas»on of :he large bodies of low-
CraiJe rre, its proximiU' to rail a-id water trans-
portation end the at-j--4ance of timber and
water on th<? properties) themselves. This and
adjarer.t regions have all— adr produced values
amounting to 1100,000,601 and the output has
fcardly commenced.
The company is capitclized at $10,000,000. of
vhich JJ>.O00.G" rt >* trvr.Fury stock, non-assess-
able under the laws of Washington.
THE MOXTEZUMA'S PROPERTIES.
The four propertied cf the "Tacoaia" group
are dPFtm^J to become one of the most pro-
ductive vr.'.rn's on the Parifie Coast. These alone,
when developed, will brir.g the company's stock
to par. The ore is tlv>wii in a vein thirty feet
•wide, which is trace-Lie on the Furface the
¦who:* width of the company's holdings. The
Tai-orra tur.nel has been driven over one hun-
dred feet in solid ore tunning over $60 per ton.
Thrn? are fifteen distinct veins of minerals in
the comi-any's rropertiF*. and it Is not un-
r> .is "r.atie to expect that as many more will
ccme to light as the properties are developed.
THE ASSAYS. .
The following is th* result of ten assays
taken from samples of ere In the tunnel of the
Tacoma mine of the Montezuma, Company:
J> r cent Ounces Ounces Total
Cor r^r. Gold. Silver. Values.
Si ::-!¦¦ 5 $134 60
10 12-100 3 75 6S
:» :«-ioo 3 hi 35
11 COc 450 4? la. 80 in. SJ 35
16 40c ?.2b 4S in. 16 in. c6 tl
5 r* .56 48 in. 2 In. IT 76
Z.3.Z2 4-100 2.(2 28 24
:4.:« 3-1P0 4.02 85 46
».« 6-100 S.02 1% 93
£.<S Trace Trac# 20 00
Avraec IC\ 22 r»»r ton.
kig:i percentages of copper.
"The high percentage of copper in theee
rrrthem dT^sits is what will attract the at-
tention cf the mining w»rld. It is nothing un-
Tj>uf.l for them to run from 25 to 75 per cent
cf copper. What thes? high percentages tnesjx
vill be better understood when it is known
that the Calumet and Hecla mine of Michigan
:s paying dJvttcnAa this jear uson) of $40,0u0.-
M irom ore carrying or.ly 4 r«er cent cop-
liKrr." — .-..:. Kra 11 of boo Chronicle.
A NEW RAILROAD.
The povrtr plant f'T an electric railrocd is
alrtady cnjrpleted. and the laying of the track
is only waiting the development of the ore
bodies fi tlaU flfty tins of ore a day can be
jniTit-4. This will enable the Monteiuma Com-
pany m plaoe their ore at the Tacoma emelter
fcr Ji Cj p«t ton, and at the new Fairfax
Emelter for one-fourth oi" that amount.
DIVirEXDS.
A'.! moneyi received from the profits of the
Slnr.ie=uma mines will be paid in dividends to
the rhareholders. Such funds cannot be rein-
vested In the company. The opening of the
jT.ines end all «i*r«*f Incident thereto roust
t* provided for out of the eale of chares until
returns are obtained from the properties.
Stockholders will rem-mber that in purchasing
ttrnrer in this company tney a.t once become ln-
u r' ?;<-'i in all the pr^ixTties owned by them.
THE VALUE OF GfKDD MANAGEMENT.
The fucrcrs cf a mining property depends In
t iarg-o m>afjr» upon the Integrity and knowl-
edge of it* manaeers.
C. W. Thompson, president. Is also president
cf the Wellington Co-<:prirative Syndicate (a
dividend psy^r*. was jnanager of the Northern
1'j.rif.i^ Railway Co— ipaa>'f mining interests for
five years sti I'akota. l<!aho and WaFhlngton.
Thomas <"-arro!l. truFi«-p and vice prenident;
JuJpo of the Superior Court of Pierce County.
¦ rk D-Tll, trurtee; Jteslner of the Univer-
sity cf 'Washington.
E. II. Shelton. trustee: late Instructor In ag-
riculture to the Govcmn lent ot Queensland,
Auf;r;-.;ia. - * ' ;
J. M. \VHllarrson, trurtee; Judge of the Su-
perior Court of Pierce County.
J. r>. Mclntyre. consulting engineer, ku fcr
y«ar*> chief e-nsineer or the lion it-stalce mine.
Booth Dakota.
CO-OPERATION' AND CONSOLIDATION*.
Co-operation and consolidation are the watch-
vorit- r-.r the business world to-day. The enter-
t*ri?*-s which make rno~ty for Th«*ir owners ar**
thre» whirh are operated in the largest possible
way _n1 with the jreAtf-st economy cf manage-
ment. The Monteiuma Mining Company has
been organized with these ercat fact* of modern
i •;.-.:.'--:¦ life fully in vl*w. It ownis and con-
trol* eighteen OS) mining properties and ex-
pects soon to &<-(ju:n» others. This policy js pur-
sued because >¦:<¦-<*.- fxperlence has taught
thai cniy by thii* consolidating interests can be
bad toe most efF.oient management combined
with the lowest r.jxraxiug rtpenmi, and. con-
ffqufntly, the largest profit, In«tead of a
dezen or more of feeble, struEgling comr'iniefi.
ea<~h having Its official end technical etaff. the
JJ^tucMim* orx'rat** an entire group of minea
with it« single, htcblr trained and efflclent
rnanspement. Investors will not be slow to
paxxyet that this policy of consolidation and
co-^peretion mtans for them a concentration
cf values In the stock of the company. Every
rin*rl«" share re^Jly represents all that Is back
tf rnar.y Fhares In smaller companies.
EXAMINATION OF THE PROPERTIES.
Livestorri have only to nee the properties to
ar>prp«~iate their -rortlJ. With a view to en-
courage Fubsoriptlons tc the etook In a laree
vay we will give Intending Investors every op-
I>onur.ity to examine the mine* where 200.000
ct more share* are contemplated on a ca»h
Ynri*. We will be clad to arrange with such
Scr fchsxlriE the *xpe-*r» of examination.
EUMMAttT. I
The Mr,r.tezurr;a Ccmrany is absolutely out
cf debt.
Its «o*-k \r nnn-a^-^^able under the laws of
the State rt \Vii*hlnirton-
Its management rej-rffent» the hiKhest bucl-
r.ew character of the t^tate of Washington.
The company ccr.troU eighteen valuable prop-
*T»!' 1 S.
The miner ar<> permanent flssure veins.
Nowhere Jn ili»- w crld ran copj>er be produced
— vire cheaply for three reasons:
(a) ProiwrtK* are wr-iked through drainage
tunnflf: thus no expensive holjtlng or pumping
tr.achinerj- is needed.
<b> Timber, era:, water and lime la unlim-
ited Quantities.
(c) Only fifty miles by rail from r»a naviga-
tion; railroads can never Heed. the shipper by
exeejrlve rates.
Mines known to contain fifteen distinct veins
of ore from t20 to f70 !W ton.
Or** ere simple pyritlc. h>fnce easily smelted
»nd concentrated^
The gr^ateft pmclt^r «in the rmst Is only flfty
mll^n from the co — li-any's mines, and another
In «>Tx«-e*s or construction at Fairfax, only a
ftw" mil*** away. Iii «tddltlon. the cr>rr.pany
jlar.s thp erection of iu own emeltlng plant in
tl-e immediate future.
Tver}- deveicped copper mine is a dividend
p*pcc The Monterunia properties will soon be
lullr <lf-.eloi*4.
1/arpe mining companies rucceed; err.aU ones,
as r rule, po to the vcall, since they generally
own and operate a »ir.g;ie property, and If this
trove* unprofitable all I* at an end. The lion-
tiziima h_» cighte-en mines, and a s-intrlt- one
of them will, when fully developed, pay divi-
dends on all the BtorJt. :
PRICE OF THE STOCK..
The ju,i- value'' of the . Montezuma stock Is tl
r< r fUn •. It Is oirervd durfnc January at 6
cnts ¦ .;(t;!, or < r^nts paid in ten monthly
lr.ttillment*. These itriccs are far below the
rral value, but the company wishes to carry
out Its fo-nperatlve idea of making its shares
arc*ptaJ)Ie To a n-|(Ji» r_n~e of customer*. * The
rtrvii nill rapidly advance, and tbe prudent In-
vc-nor will buy It now. A block of this stock
cf mnjf-rau^ eize will In a few years provide
fa m-pcifnry for the cwner.
N.n-, not later, in tjie time to buy. Your
r-'n^y *'-oes farther"' now.
Maps and ores «t our cf!lc«.
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST COM-
PANT. Selltn- Agents. 510 Sal* Deposit
bulliing, Saa JTraaci^co. :___BEMhMH
. . ,
DR. G. W. ODONNELL, moved to 101S Market,
opp. tth; '.world-renowned ladles' specialist;
cafe, reliable: practiced In "San . Frandscd for
years: treated thousands of ca«e« successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all othere fall call on him.
THE Great Mountain Warrior; wonderful cure
for rheumatism and all rheumatic pains: cure
guaranteed; apply externally. Price *1 per
bottle, prepaid, by E. M. DAVIS. 141^*_ Baker
frt, San Francisco, Cal. ¦ ¦ ..*¦¦ ,
MRS. DR. KOHL. 987 Market st, cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician: treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRt?. GOODWIN, 1OO7»4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F-. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of caspjs; unexcelled success: tee tree.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 JTS.'
successful practic*" guaranteed treatment at
office. JS; any ailment; home for patients: con-
sult free. 942 Post st, bet. Hyde and Larktn.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market-Ladles"
erecialitts; 3? years' practice: positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return same
day; HINDOO 4IERB home cure; stamps, clr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladies' spe-
daliEt; rafe end sure cure. $5: best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free, r
DR. POPPER specialist for S7 years for female
troubles. 373 Kearny st.: call arid see me.
MPS. DR. GWYER. ladies* specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy St.
DH \'G TOY KEE cures disease by herb»:
aivlce f^e. 704 Bacramento St.. near Kearny.
JIJO.MSV TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and eaFlest terms.
Fecond Mortgages
"]"] Interest in Estates
T'ndlvlded Interests In Real EEtate......
Financial problems of all Ports and sixes
solved by HERMAN MUKPHS". 630 Market
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with Ftrangerb
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, ?06 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 2d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bete; mortgages and legacle« bought; no de-
lay; gel my terms before doing business else-
where K. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mcrtgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store.- 846 Market
et.: teL Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third »t.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
trate. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery «t.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hlghegt price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. ;
no removal; no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
.quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
eealrklns. plasos. guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
lew rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome, rm. i.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st
LOANS, 1st cr Id mtgg; city, country: 6%: undi-
vlfiedtnt*.: estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOCSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market Et.. room L
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoi-er. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
rtorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phe.an big.
MUSICAL I.VSTIIUMEXTS.
CHICKERINO .-. J75
Great Union 90
Haines Bros 100
Hallett & Davis 135
Sherwood & Son 150
Kramer Bros jgo
Benrider ]90
Arlon ¦„ 190
Schledemeyer 180
Sterling 225
Curtaz 210
Standard 2S5
Conover 290
Easy payments If uesired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SQN. 16 OFarrell
«.. ChJckerlng Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can b» ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the beet
of their gr«de. from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium . and low
pried pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold tor $6 cash and
*8 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $0 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter fts.,' San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth Et, Oak-
land.
AN opportunity of a lifetime; will fell off the
following pianos:
Guild $37 50
Novella upright 67 00
Weber 123 00
3 Btelnways $125, $185 290 00
J Hetnes $290, 470 00
2 Chlckerings $175. 2S5 00
1 Hallet-Daxls. M9S: 39 new pianos at $122.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary »t.. agent*
for Hallet-Davls, oldest and most famous
piano In existence; rents; easy payments.
IF you buy, when you buy, buy a "good buy"
or else It will b» a ''good-by" to your money
and your peace of mind. Save all trouble by
buylng a fine Decker & Son plane at MAU-
VAIS'. 7M Market st.
PIANOS from $S0 upward at MAUVAIS'. 7G3
Market st . ; cash or easy payments.
ELEGANT baby grand for sale very clwap. If
you want a real bargain here's your chance.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market et. ?,*..
AHSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
2S and SO O'Farrell Bt.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all, grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tbe
customer.
PlANOS-BIg stock; little prices: little pay-
ments; b!g variety. DEWING CO., 12 Flood
building.
PARTY going to New York; mu;t sacrifice fine
J-pedal upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— For cash, a small second-hand pipe
organ. Box 1148. Call office.
MUST tell our upright - piano; almost new;
make offer. E15 Laguna et
FEAUTIFUL Chlrkering upright: cost $473.
now tr:s. HEINE PIANO CO.. 817 Geai-j' st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage:
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market et
EYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Maury. Gabler and Spell— ian pianos. 308 Post.
KPECIAL pale — Immense reductions: nee our
leader, only $i:.O. BRUENN, 208 Post St.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission et.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. ~Ha7dmanTcon-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Pout.
AT KEEmrs, 933 Market *t.. 4 elegant up-
rlchts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ' H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, i Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprlpht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 MrAllifter «t. next Hib. Bank.
OIL.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil lands: has exceptional
advantage* for securing Kaetern capital In
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman, Sec. Sth flocr, r. 32. Mills bldg.
20 On 40 acres for'sale In £4— 28— 27. Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance Tor a company If
taken Immediately. J. P. EWEN. 10 Call-
tornla »t. room 1, San Francisco. Cal.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
• Country correspondence solicited. •
WANTED-3000 shares of the Occidental Oil Co.
of West Virginia rtock. > Address, stating
lowest bid, box 1035. Call office. ' ¦
DRIVES. them crary! 5 ™ My. prices on stocks. I
buy and well. LUNDIN. »35 Market st. r. 8.
~~~ OIL LAXUS FOIt SALE. ;
$i3.0C0— TOO ACRES of oil land' In Coallnga dis-
trict; will eund'iinvestlgatlon; close to' a
number of. wells: in 1 tbe established oil belt.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery sf ¦•
$12,000— €40 ACHES In the established oil belt In
San Benlto Co. : > clese to Union Oil Co.'s 4
well*. JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery.
KERN River; proven territory; line- of R. R.
;-, Newton, Carmen, &. Somes.;. r. XM. 1 : Chronicle.'
OIL STOCK.
WILL exchange Oakland. San Diego or Coro-
nado property for shares lri Occidental. Mon-
. arch. Wolverine. Black Jack or California-
Standard oil companies. For particulars see
R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3, 4th floor.'
Mills building. San ¦ Francisco. : "
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS,
Wall paper, window shades ; rooms papered, $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth St. : open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmTst/615
Taylor st. bet. Goary and Post: tel. Black 561.
_ PATE.V1S , A .^P PENSIONS."
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
MRS. J. McQUAD and MISS VIOLA McQUAD
are wanted at 33 A William st
A PROFESSIONAL tradesman. 34 years, would
like correspondence with Catholic working
lady or widow; view matrimony; all letters
answered or returned. Box 1105. Call office.
COLORADO gold mine owner wishes the ac-
quaintance of a refined lady with an inde-
pendent position; object, ' matrimony. Box
1140. Call office.
TRADESMAN, aced 30. wishes the acquaint-
ance of young lady; object matrimony.' Box
1104. Call office, ' ; *: . ; . \ . .'
THE Star Hair Remedy can be had at all lead-
Ing druggists and hairdressers; It Is guaran-
teed to restore «rray nnfi faded hair to natural
color, cure dandruff, stop falllns and grow
new hair; ask for it; take no other. The
Star Remedy Co.. Sau Francisco. -
MME. MAIUeTfISHEK. removed to 502H Ellis
Et.. where she will be pleaped to meet her
customers and ladies troubled with wrinkles
and facial blemishes; gray hair restored.
ALL scalp and hair diseases successfully treat-
ed at the HIrsutlne Company. 6 Eddy Bt.,
rooms 73-74.. by MRS. E. R. Dl'NLAP..
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; -'10
years' experience. J. U. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
PAKTY wishes to buy Into established coffee
and tea business. Box 1147, Call office.
FOR sale— "La Grippe" specifics. 1019 Sutter
street
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCK. 726 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testl-*
monlals mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second ft. N. Y.
KAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, -silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 732,
made to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
etery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Ilth St.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 SO to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? you are certain of etyle and fit by
using Standard Patterns; February stylos
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market Bt.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Bt, near Pine.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
$S OR $8000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
VOICE culture, piano, French conversation by
Parisian teachers. 405 Golden Gate ave.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wles;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn nir>: 23c: all druggists. '
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DrT C. cT6" DONNELL-Of fie* and residence"
1821H Market st. between Sixth and Seventh:
REAL KSTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-230 Montgomery rt.. Mills building.
$?000— Valencia st; lot 50x100 feet to twenty-
foot street In rear; terms, $3W0 cash, balance
on bank mortgage at 6 per cent, or will sell
100 foot i"ront n t 98.ro & r<vtc.
$5000— Northeast corner Green and Flllmore
Bts.; 40x87:6 feet; marine view.
$4100— Lot SE. corner Waanington and Lyon
Bts.; a corner 31:3x100:4 ft: very cheap.
?3JO0 — Lot and Imps.: north line of Washing- :
ton st., near Leavenworth; sold to close estate.
$3700— Lot west line of Van Ness ave., near
Union st; S3xlO5 ft.; ready to build.
We have a number of very choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we are
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at Office.
$9000- Pacific ave.. near Pierce et; 40xl27:SVi
feet; beautiful residence lot; best portion of the
avenue: price reduced to make quick sale. -
$25,000— North side Pacific ave.; lot 68:Sxl27:8'.4
feet, with beautiful modern residence; abso-
lutely unobstructed marine view.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker Ets.; 25x56:104;
facing Park Panhandle.
$10,£00 — Liberty st., near Guerrero: the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot $0x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath.
$2000— West line Church St.. south of Twenty- I
eighth; eottaga of *> rooms and bath; rents for .
$la; modern: lot 25x100; a bargain.
$20,000— Reduced from $25,000; north side Sac-
ramento st, near Van Ness ave.; fln« resi-
dence; large lot. 6$:9xl27:8Vi. -
J19S0— Price reduced from $2350; modern cot-
tage on Second ave.. near Point Lobes; 5 rooms
and bath; lot 25x120; or CCxirO for $2750.
JSOOO— Three modern flats; Jackson 6t, near
Broderick; rents $73 50; for sale at less than
COBt.
$5000 — Marine view: modern cottage; Chestnut
St.. near Hyde; 6 rooms and bath; lot 27:6
xl37:6. •¦ S .'. .
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st., near
Jones: 34:6 front: improvements rent for $21.
$12, Z.™ — NW. cor. Page and Lyon Bts. ; modern
residence: 12 fc-s and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms; lot S2:Cx93.
?22,500— California and Octavia sts.; SE. cor.;
f.ne residence lot: building now on lot to.be
removed: size 63:9x137:6.
$2100— And your own terms; new cottage, C
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
st».; lot 26x126. •
$31. 000— Sutter-st Investment: monthly renisi
$305; will pay about 9 per cent net: lot 40x110
feet: with substantial office building: always
rented. . .
$23,600— Third ft; 2-story brick building; rents
to one tenant $130: lot 25x75 feet
$8250— Reduced from $9000: elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 34:4Uxl27:S*4; fine
marine view.
. $7000— Very pretty home on Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath; completely furnished; lot
35xlS6:3. to rear street.,
', SHAINWALD. BUCK3EE & CO.,
,'218-220 Montgomery st. Mills building.
S. L. HARRIS & CO. -
(Formerly Scott & Harris.)
304 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2750.
A great chance for a comfortable home with
income, near 10th and Folfsom: excellent condi-
tion:, brick foundation; lots of sun; downs t a Irs
Z small fiats, rent $13; upstairs 6-room flat, - oc-
cupied by -owner; total rent could be $33; good
reasons for nelllng.
$C600— 2 fine flats 11 months old paying I per
cent per month: key lot In fine renting locality
in' Western Addition; a new nnd profitable In-
vestment
$r.2r.O— A great bargain: 3 lar^e new flats on
main street. % block from 22d and Valencia:
10 months old; all rented. $53 per month: solid
buy and paying over 12 per cent per annum:
think of It: must be sold.
$1000— Small . cottage In Richmond; good loca-
tion.
Make an offer: lot 25xl!2«A: west s!d> of Fnl-
som bet 17th and ISth; $2000 asked: good prop-
erty*. S. L. HARRIS & CO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New Resolutions for-' the New Tear.
Invest Your Surolua In a Good Lot.
I1C0 $200 and $300— Very best Ocean Boulevard
residence lots; none can beat us; only $j
monthly. . , ____-•'¦
$300 to $900— Graded Sunset, ' 19th ave. Boule-
vard and Richmond lots: $10 monthly.
$75 to $l0O-^-Level : lots near Mission and San
Mateo electric cars; 'IS monthly. •
$500, $750, $1000 and $1500 each— 4 splendid cot-
taRes; cood locations;! near can; large lots;
payments same as rent. ;
Branch office— 9th ave., near H st.. Sunset.
'.• SOL OETZ & BROTHER.: .
Room 54, Chronicle, building. '
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate' and General Land
. Ajent, 324 Montgomery st. j.;
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
snd-Douglaps sts.; must be sold: 80x114 feet.
. $1600— North line Carl • St.; ; near Stanyan; 25x
K7:6 fget. ../, / - - :¦ ' ;-; ; , ,:-. .'¦- :;¦¦:-. : y,
ALL' sorts* of financial problems ' solved' by f H." :
.;- MURPHY.; 630 Market: 2d mortgages;, estates.
REAL ESTATE: CITY— FOE SA'.E.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,:
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP COTTAGES.
$2300— Cottage of 6 rooms nnd bath: near Devis-
adero and Turk sts.: lot 25x90. :¦
$1400 — Neat cottage on'ISth Bt.,' near Ca»tro-st.
¦ . cars; containing 4 ' rooms; lot 25x100. "'- ~^
$1300— Cottage of 3 rooms on 23d e t, near Dia-
\ mond; lot 25x114. - ', ... ¦
$1900— Bay-window vottage.of S rooms and bath
on McAllister Et, near, the Park;lot 25
ft. front; will arrange monthly pay-
ments If desired.. " .
$3000— Bay-window cottage on Bush st. In the
Western Addition; containing 5 rooms and
V bath; lot SOxlOO.
$2500 — Bay-window cottage of 8 rooms and bath
on 20th st, close to Castro-st cars; in-
stallments if desired.
CHEAP RESIDENCES. ,;Uo
$3300— Cozy bay-window residence of 9 rooms
and bath, on Larkln St.. near Lombard;
mortgage of $2200 at 6 per cent In a bank
can remain If desired; terms cash; lot
23x105:9. >
$4000 — Nice residence of "rooms and bath on
Pine' Bt., close to Baker; mortgage of
$2500 can remain if desired: lot 25x137:6.
FLATS. '. ' -...;-
$4000—6 tenements, near 6th and Bryant Bts. : lot
50xS0; rents $52 rer month.
$3500^ — Rents $54 per month; : 6 tenements, near
Clay and Taylor sts.
$3500—6 flats on Natoma st; renting for $43 per
month. . • .
$2000 — I flats on Dore st. near Harrison: renting
for $34 per month: lot 23xS5.
$3500— Make an ofter; 2. nice .flats and cottage
on small street in rear; near Greenwich
and Filimore sts. ; flats containing 5 and
6 rooms and bath each and cottage of 4
r ooiyir; lot 37:6x120 to rear small' street;
rents $32 r>er month: part cash.
$3300— Rents $S2 per month; 2 nlce : llats of 4 and
6 rooms and bath each on' Guerrero st.
near 22d: in the warm belt of the Mis-
sion; M block from 22d-st. electric cars
and Guerrero-Bt electric cars, pass the
door. ¦
$120—2 nice tenements of 4 rooms each In Soutn
San Francisco; rents $13; lot 30x100 ft.;
must be sold to close an estate.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 23c.
Choice list of building- lots in every part ot
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for sale
in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
22S Montgomery Street.
$50 000— Substantial, well-built, 3-story and base-
ment. 50-foot front building, on Mc-
Allister st,- opposite 'City Hall; only 3
tenants; always rented; and 6ure to en-
hance in value; lot C0xl37:S.
$30,000— Clay St.; 7 substantial.' well-built. 2-
- Ftcry and high basement frame dwell-
ings: on lot 96x137:6; J210O annual rental
for fi years guaranteed; 8 per cent on
an investment that Is bound to In-
crease in value.
$25,000— Grant-five, corner; cost $38,000; a bar-
gain.
$21.000 : -Annual rental $2100: handsomest and
most complete northeast corner flats In
the city; 8 and 9 rooms.
$20,000— Pays 9 per cent on this price; an at-
tractive, thoroughly up-to-date, 50-foot
front, 3-story and basement building,
containing 2 stores .and 4 modern flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; In most
promising part of Western Addition; let
EOxS7:6. . ' .
$C0 CCO— Jackson-st. corner residence; 14 rooms
and bath; lot ESxllO.
$1.8,000— A magnificent home In Oakland; worth
J25,CW». .
$13,000 — fcteinpr-Ft. corner, near new Duboce
• . Park; worth $20,000 In 5 years; 2-story
frame bulldlnz; stores below; ' flata
above: lot 4Sx£l.
$12.000 — Rlncon Hill: two 2-story and basement
frame dwellings; U rooms and bath
each; fine condition; fame tenants for
past 10 years; lot 50x$.>; annual rents
J900; bid wanted.
$11.000— Qolrtcn Gate ave.. near Lajruna; 2 mod-
ern flats, 7 and S rooms and bath; also
4-room and bath cottaze and stable; 30
xl20.
$15,000— Annual rental $1200: Jackson-st. busi-
ness property. •
$3C00— Hayes st.. opposite Alamo square; mag-
nificent-view; elouant 8-roo:n and bath
residence in perfect condition; cost
$1I.O".O.
$S000— Fine residence lot. 50x100; north line of
Jackson et. ; surrounded by elegant
homes.'*,...
$7500— Larkln *t, near Suttfir; 2 modern 6-
room and bath flats; lot.22xS4.
$0500 — Pays 10 per cent; dwellings near Lar-
kln and (lay sts.
$3150— Pays 10 per cent; IS lots, near Mission
road, on 6 years' lease.
$2750 — Clara st, near Fourth; well-built house;
12 rooms; 27x75.
$2500 — Fifteenth ave.; South; 9-room - house;
cost $CCO0; 75x100. : • :
.':'¦ GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
,328 Montgomery st. j
HEAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
W7 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNY.
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
laiOO^-REDU^^O FROM $2500.
Four flats; rents $«;
. , ;-u*o.
Four flats; rents $45: down town.
$J000.
Three choice flats, near Post and Taylor sts.:
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet front; offer wanted.
$7500.
Flats; brand new; east of Van Ness ave.;
rents $72.
$93C0— REDUCED FROM $l«,000.
Market-»t. corner, store and flat.
$14,000.
Grand 14-room residence on JacUfori st.
$14,000-REDUCED FROM $18,500.
Business property: same tecants for years;
eti-.ro and . rooming house.
$l«,000.
Grand corner, Leavenworth st. : W feet front;
all rented for $125; mortgage $3000; can remain
at 6 per cent. .
$75.000— REDUCED FROM $S2,«00.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front; within half a
block of Market Ft; with old improvements;
ronts about $400: the only corner that Can be
bought vicinity of Sixth Ft.
*S2.r»<X*-REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Grand Investment; 100-foot front on Ellis st.
with Improvements; nicer and bettor than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $5,000; terms, half cash.
¦$12,000.
Rents $100; 3 new flats; choice locality.
$20,000.
Corner, 60 feet front; vicinity Sutter St.. east
of Hyde; grand hotel, office cr rooming-house
elte; rents $107.
$20.noo.
Sutter-«t. corner: 87:6xS7:8: elegant Improve-
ments; rents ?1800 rer annum. '
•.; -$105,000.
Market st, near Call; 5 per cent net.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
« 667 Market St., opposite Kearny.
Correspondence solicited.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery Street.
$6400— Fine home: cl<-*=» to town; Leavenworth
-.•¦ st., near Washington: 9 rooms, bath.
¦ - hot air furnace, etc.; fine views. .
$650— Very cheap lot; corner Eighteenth and
Utah: 2'xlOO.
$7000^ — Home on Presidio Heights, Laurel, near
. Clay: contains 9 rooms. bath,- etc.;
charming views; select neighborhood.
$4:00— Rent $11 ; business property: vicinity
Ninth and Folsom; store and flats: all
rented." '
HANDSOME NEW FLATS.
$13,500 — Ellis St., near Octovla; 3 up-to-date
flats; big lot; rent $JSO.
PTOCKTON-ST.. INVESTMENT. ' f '¦¦*¦'
$10,G0Or-Rent $12"0 per year; brick building on
prominent comer; lenrefl to one tenant.
PAYS 9 PER CENT. \
$14,500— Three handsome corner flite: fr^nt Park
Panhandle: nun all day; contain S roomp,
bath, .with all conveniences: lot 22x100;
muft h» sold: offer wanted at once.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$4000 — A rjiiendld Investment; 3 stores, occu-
pied by bflrb*>r. ' shoemaker an-1 crock-
fry; rent $40: lot 41x«0; jrr>od location;
. prominent rtr"ct «t th» Mission.
MODERN* COTTAGE.
$2000— Second ave.. tiMr Clement; contains
6 rooms and bath; lot 2Pt1?o. .
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT
$11,000— Pays 11 per cent; 3 swell flats; up-to-
; ••¦¦•¦¦:..¦• dat<» In every detail: kitchen in center
of ibulldinr: one of the best investments
on the market. . ¦
LTON.& HOAG,
» ' .114 Montgomery .st. •
CHEAP I.OTS ON HYDE ST.' ' -~~ "
" $1250— J100- ca«h. balance .monthly: near Bay
tt: cars, pssa' property; will build to
.FUlt. i . . .
LYON fc HOAG. 11 » Montgomery , st
IF you '.want 'to 'ret a' cliolee lot for your home
nt a very low-price »nrt on ensy. terms.'. north
of th« Park and' not; far out. all ready -to
b'Jllel on,\ with cars parslnar. In front.' you'wlll
have to.callrn W.' •.!.", GUNN. f.30 California
St.. between Montgomery and Kearny. :
IF , you have . property . between :- Valencia and
Sanchez. Fourteenth, and Twenty-fourth, and
v you really want ; to sell - It, ' then' suppose you
• call : on . tlie ¦ undersigned. W. • J. ~ GUNN E30
California st. .:-:¦' .- . ¦ -
IF . you ' have: property north of tho Park ¦ and
you wish tosell quickly, then call on'W. J
... OIJKN. Mn OtltforniA St. . . ,'
THE COMING CITT . . . . . . . .' . .... ."*. : : S A NTA ' FE
At Point Richmond. Terminus of Santa Fe
.-..:. Railroad.. ;i^Sp^e^^jg*
Bound to grow.' ; Lots are bound to Increase.':
„; Railroad i ear -shops here. : ¦
: An. Important .railroad,;, termlmm -and head-
quarters., .Manufacturing and 1 shipping Jiter-
ests :; sure ; to -v. increase ; lots $ik : - all ' level ;*
streets : graded. -..', . •, ¦ ¦ :
;. ¦ -$10, cash .'.".¦...:..''.'....'.'.. .:'.'..:. Jo monthly.. - .
*.t McEWENt.;, BROS, n 118 J MontgQ-icry -• st. .; '
$1600— BARGAIN ; cottage of 5' rooms and • bath
• In'good ¦condition:^ lot 22x114; in the warm
belt-of Mission: -near 2 rear lines. 'Apply to
'.-H:. I* :REA.~ 403 ¦ *t; .. -¦¦:„¦_ ;.
$1000— ONE lpt, 23x137 :fl." on Carl street, b*.-t ween
v Sta'nyan ; and Wlllanl^etreets^lot i Improved
r : and. ready -to -build: on;' street •' sewered. ••Ad-
• ' dress COS ra.ciac,£t . .- . - ,.;•;,-. '
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
BALDWIN & HO WELL/
10 MONTGOMERY STREET. .
$14,000— Rents $102 50 : per ¦ month: . 3 new flats,
near Jackson and Larkln ;< must be sold.
$3500— Twenty-flret St., near Castro; cottage, 6
rooms and bath; lot 50x114.
$15, COO— Vallejo st. ; modern marine view resi-
dence: lot 40xl!7:6. .
- $5500— Howard sf?;' nicely located residence; 8
•rooms and ¦ bath,", etc. • .
$3100— Fifteenth st, near Market: two nice
flats: rents $30O:per year; lot ,23x100.
$4250— Chestnut st, near Powell; two-story
residence . and two flats; rents '$41 per
month. .
$250 cash— $600 mortgage: can remain; cottage, 4
rooms; rented $10 per month; near Lar-
kin and Jackson sts. ;' bargain.
$65C0 — Near .Washington and Larkln sts.: 3
substantial. flats in good condition: rents
$62 50 per month; best bargain offered.
$1750— Dolores st. ; nice cottage,' three rooms
and bath.' pantry, etc. ; lot 25x100.
$2750 — Price greatly reduced; only $500 cash re-
quired: two flats,', on Sanchez St., near
25th: first-class repair;, rent ¦¦ will pay
the Installments. . .
$3000— Choice bargain; ,Shotwell St.: lot 30x
122:6; house," 6 rooms and bath; large
stable, driveway, etc. . -
$3500— For cash; new, modern, up-to-date cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; Frederick st,
near Ashbury; splendid view.
$19,000— O'Farrell st: only one. block from Tay-
lor; three separate flats; must ba sold
Immediately. ¦ ¦
$900— House of 4 rooms; very big bargain: one
block from Hyde and Union st cars.
$275 — Only $30 cash for a very desirable home
lot; nicely located in the Mission; one
block from the electric cars; lots SOxlOO
each. .
Want offer— Rents $177 50 per month: 3 new.
elegant, high-class, up-to-date flats of 7
nnd 10 rooms and bath. each; sightly
elevation, exceptional surroundings; lot
27:6x137:6. . •
$7000— Fulton at. n?ar Lacuna; two houses of
6 rooms, bath and basement each and
3 flats in the rear on the small street:
rent $62; lot 27:Gxl20.
$6000— Jessie st, near Fifth; 3-story frame
building of store below and tvn floors
above of 8 rooms; rent $50; lot 2'ix70.
$50C0 — Golden Gate ave.. n?ar Lyon St.; 2 flats
¦ or 6 rooms and bath each; rent $J2 50:
23x137:6.
$;C0O-^-Gre<m st. near Gough: fine residence of
9 rooms and bath, laundry, etc.; lot 26:6
xl27:6. . •
$4R5O— Hermann st, near Flllmore: two 2-story
.bay-window houses of.C rooms and bath
each: rtnts $40: lot 25x120 to rear street.
$14,500— Bush-st. corner: store below, flat above:
and three 2-story houses; total rents
S1.C5; lot 55x100. -
$17,000— Powell at; 4 bay-window flats of 7 and
8 rooms and bath each: rents $138 50; lot
44x117:6.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
Fronting H st. on electric line and Nlneteenth-
ave. boulevard; lots any felze: terms $10
monthly; interest 6 per cent; streets macadam-
ized, on. official grade: also gas and water
service: only 23 minutes to City Hall; close to
all Park attractions.
Money advanced to help you build. Call at our
office (week days. Sundays or holidays), cor-
ner K st. and Ninth ave., south of Park,
Sunset district.
Horse and Buggy at Your Disposal.
PRICES REASONABLE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. st
GOLDEN GATE Park lots. Sunset district,,
with 4-room cottage built to suit: $300 cash
payment; $15 per month pays Interest and in-
stallment. BALDWIN* & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st. ; branch office, corner II st
and Ninth nve. .. . *.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
JIO.OW — Corner en MontKomory ave. ; stores
and lodrlng-house: rsnts $176 DO.
$13.500— Corner Stelner and Waller sts.: 4Sx81;
store and 2 flats; rents $63 90.
$U,CC0— Union et, near Taylor: 2S:9xl2?:$; 3
modern nats and rear hcuse; rents 139 50.
J10.CCO— Stockton Ft., near Sacramento: 40x137:6
j with L 26:3xjs on Prospect place; old improve-
ments; rents ?23.
I $10,000— Twelfth st. near Howard; 58x143; 10-
re.om dwelling.
$6T00 — Lombard Ft.. n»ar Dupont; 40x?0 to rear
street: 4 flats; rents $;6.
$36OO~Green st. near Dupont: 18:6xS0; 3 bay-
window flats: rents $55.
$5000 — Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
t cottage and 2 flats; rents $41. .
1 $4500 — Kearny ti., near Union; 20x80 to rear
I street; 2 houses; rents $38 25.'
$1000— Mason st. near Bay; 20x48:9; flat and
stable; rents $22 50.
UNIMPROVED.
$3O,ceo— Corner Broadway and Brcderick st. ;
137:6x275.
$12.500 — Corner Clay st. and Central ave.: 86:3-
xl30: will subdivide.
$SC0O— Car. Ccle and Carl; 100:7x87:8.
$7000 — Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6SxP8.
$.i600— Greenwich st. near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$£¦.00— Fulton st, near Filimore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$30C<>— Stetner St.. near Waller; 24x81.
t'2'jO each — Post Bt.. near Devi«adero: 2 lots.
J2WT— Waller fit, near Stanyan: 25x100.
$1500— Sutter st. near Lyon: 33:3x1 CO.
$cO0— Clement et. near 21th a vs.; 25x100.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN* & CO..
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$S000— Near Third and Bryant: lot 41x75 feet:
10 tenements; 2 stores: nil Rood tenants;
• annual rents $1150; a fine Investment-
$6750— Aflibury et. ; residence of 9 rooms and
bath: brick foundation; 23x106:3 feet
$6000— Sutter st. near Lnguna: sunny residence
of 8 rooms and bath: brick foundation:
two-story and basement and lot. . . '
$4500— Church st: corner; $SxS3:9 feet
$4000— Nice location; Western Addition; two
bay-window flats; 5 rooms end bath each:
brick foundation: a n-al bp.rjrain: 25x?7:6.
$3500— Broderick Kt. : two fiat* of fi and 5 rooms
and bath each; annual rents $432.
$3000— Corner on Dolores st. ; 23x92:6 feet; fine
views. ' .
$2600 — Jones St.; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each and lot; annual rents $312.
$1600 — Near. Mission and Twenty-ninth sts.; 32x
70 feot: cottage of 5 rooms and bath: an-
nual ren's $114; conservatory; bay-win-
dows; brick foundation.
$1600 Knoli. 3 corners on Lake St.; 57:6x100 feet
each; fine marine views. •
$U~>— Church 5t; £7xSS feet; cheap lot
$1000— Sanchez St., near Twenty-fourth; elec-
tric cars: 23x75 feet.
$SO0 — Corner on Sanchez st. ; 2."xl10 f pet '
RAYMOND. BALDWIN, fi- CO.. ;
•128 Montgomery 8t.
$100 EACH-Lots. 23x100: 300 feet from San Ma-
teo electric cars; $5. monthly. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post *t. . '
SOME BARGAINS AT ?5 A MONTH.
$150 and upward— Fine building lots; 1 block
from Twenty-spcond-st. cars.
Sunset Heights -lots, on Fourteenth ave.; 25x
320 each; srand view.'
Lots north of the Park, near Point Lobes ave.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post.
$12 60 A MONTH will buy a new 4-room cottage
and 2 lots; nr. Mieslon st. and Crescent ave.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
PAYING RENT IS A 'LOSsT
A stead drain on the savings: it Is a hole In
the purse, through which a part of the savings
leak away: stop up this leak and put that rent
money where It belongs— Into property of your
own; yon can own a home If you can pay rent
¦for. one; new. 4, 5 and 6 room cottages, jasy
monthly payments, in one of the best parts of
the city: streets graded and sewered. OSCAK
HEYMAN, 14 Pc£t 8t
LOTS WITH A GRAND MARINE VIEW.
Fronting the Grand Boulevard, with an un-
obstructive view of the Ocean and Park: only
a few -of these tots for pale: they are graded
and ready. to build on: easy monthly payments.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
HAWKS & SKELTOX, ~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of.
gS^SjgeiS'KS&t- Property.'
$12,600— Investment: .California, near ' Larkln;
rents $5S; this Is a bargain. '_
¦ $6C00- ; -Klats; Larkin st. near Chestnut: near
'Ilyde-st. care: 15 minutes from Market
St.; rent $38: view of bay. , .
$f.jfO— Cottage and flats: O'Farrell ft. n?ar
nuchannn: rents $50; cood Investment.
$9C00-^-House,'N side California St.. near Web-
ster; 10 rooms; in fine condition. ¦
$2500— Corner lot ; Larkln and Filbert sts.;
" 41x62 feet;: very. cheap ;vifWj of bay.
JGoOO— NW. corner Hyde and Filbert sts. ; 60s
137:6 feet: flno ; view southward.
$1200— Lot Stockton. St.. near Chestnut: 22x65;
'flats on It. would pay. well. .. •» •.
$G00— Lot on London st..' near Russia; COxlOO;
electric cars: ready to butldon.
$9000— Scott st. near Washington; -facing
prettr park: choice, neighborhood: e!e-
•' -ant home; S rooms.. ' . '-¦_•.
$5500— Nice ' home; .Octavia: St.. near * ISroad-
way;-* rooms, etc. : good neighborhood/'
HAWKS .&': SKELTON. 313 Montgomery >t '
JOHN PFORn.~4f>3 Pine *t... near Montgomery.
Go'.Tiif out Valencia St.- look up Thirteenth Bt.,
175 feet we^t from Valencia; you see 4 fine lots,
23x90 feet «'och, "the price of- which has Just
been reduced to J25Q0 apiece. ¦
¦\$10C0O— 5 cottages and-lot 10O. ft.- front .by S2:6
ft: depth: on F.ddy St.,' nenr Scott..' ,. . .
%"iZ0— Rent .1535 p»r- annum:, a fine 3-story
bousr?. store and 2 fiats upstairs; on Geary st,
near Flllmorc. • . 'v : • , ¦' : , .,
••-$5750-^A'flre ! two-flat- house; on sunny side of
Pest nt^'neer Webster.'- - - • . :
¦ $4000— Credit ; rale pfa;Park Panhandle { prop-
erty; on Oak st.r near Central ave.: fine cottage
of 6 rooira Mid. bath; 'lot 25x110, ¦ ; ?¦?,, .¦
• $11,000— Rent^fl23: corner property In a grow-
ing; manufacturing' neighborhood; stores and
flats. . ¦"'*¦ ¦'."¦¦'*¦ ¦-^-'. '-'¦ - ' *' ¦ • - •"-'¦:'
J33C0— COMFORTABLE cottage '. hnme:- Mission
warm '.belt: six rooms.; bath and basement; . 5
roorrs: fumlehed; bargain. .-Apply to -owner.
. ' H.'.T. '-FENNEL. 1015 Capp at.
$4y 00— NEW X houses on ""Ashbury. Height* ; . 6. .7
r .9 rooms; 'Clayton J st.r near -Frederick:
; Taylor • and Eddy - st . a nd Masonic - a ve. '• cars
. pa*s > the ¦ door.'.-j 7 J. .? S,TIERLEN. . Owner and
: Builder, on nremlses. v
BENJ." "H.- LICHTENSTEIN.VH-, Grant ave.V
•.offers ".V feet! by. 97:3;. corner Oak and Frank-
•.^lin;; panhandle ¦property.'' '_¦*¦ r -¦
FOR 'sale— An 'exceptional" bargain In thatele-
¦ gant :. 10-room ;.- up-to-date $ residence, ,775 . Cole
;:;8t: elepantly decorated: open daily. -,i \ .;
MODERNihorsis^buIlt; lowest prices; plans and
: ; estimates ; furnished. , Campbell,' 1147 'Mission. *
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOIt ' PALE,
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
GREATEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED.
$2750— BEAUTIFUL MODERN FLATS— $2750.
' - -: ONLY $500 CASH NEEDED.
Two fiats with porcelain tubs, tile man-
tels, patent closets, fine gas fixtures;
close to 2 car lines; MISSION.
MISSION. WARM BELT FLATS.
JiC00-r2 fine well-built modern flats of 5 and 6
'rooms and bath; rents $12 50 per month:
Bartlett St.. near Twenty-first.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
?7500— Rents |$03: 3 elegant, modern: porcelain!
tubs, frescoed dome ceilings, etc.; on
Ashbury Bt.
SNAP IN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$.".000—2 substantial, well-built modern flats of
, 5 rooms and bath; lot ;;_137:S; sunny side
. street; make ofter.
BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
$3750—4 flats <•* 6 and 3 rooms: good condition:
: brick foundation: rents $42 50 per month;
near First and Howard sts.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$3500 — Make offer: 3 flats of S, 4 and 3 rooms:
rents $37 50 per month ; Natoma st. .
POST-ST. COTTAGE.
$2500— Well-built cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
north side Post St.; lot 25x137:6.
FULTON-ST. COTTAGE.
$3230— Substantial, well-built cottage of 5 rooms
and bath* brick foundation; 8-foot base-
ment; near Baker St.; rents $22 50. ":,-jV- ?
OCT AVI A-ST. RESIDENCE ' V'T
AT A SACRIFICE.
$3000— 12 rooms and bath: near Fell st.
JONES-ST. RESIDENCE.
$?20O—REDUCED FROM $12,000.
On that elegant residence , block be-
tween Clay and Sacramento sts.; lot 27:6x
120; 9 rooms and bath.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• . 633 MARKET ST.
; AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 15TH. 1901.
At IS o'clock noon. ' ¦
At our salesroom, 633 Market st
HOWARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. S29 Howard St., near Fourth; ! stores and
rooming bouse. 33 rooms and concrete base-
ment; rents $125 per month; lot 25x80 feet.
NEW MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 1117 Sanchez st.. near Twenty-fourth;
new cottage of 6 rooms and bath; every modern
Improvement; lot 25x75 feet.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT. *
No. 301 Tehama St.. near Fifth: front house
7 rooms and porcelain bath, and rear bouse 4
rooms; lot 2GxS0 feet
DOWNTOWN WAREHOUSE PROPERTT.
South side Union St.; 25 feet east of Battery;
2-stcry and basement brick building; lot 25x60;
block from East st and all the wharves.
MINNA-ST. -INVESTMENT.
Noj>. 737. 73714. 737^fJ Minna St., near Ninth:
3 bay-windowed modern flats of 5, 5, 6 rooms
and bath: rents $52; lot 20x80 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT COTTAGE.
' No. 51 Chattanooga St., near Twenty-second;
fine well-built cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 23x123 feet; midst sunshine and flowers.
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE. -\- .'
No. 310 Fultcn at., near Franklin; large ele-
gant residence, 10 rooms and bath; every modern
Improvement; lot 3S:9xl20 feet to Ash ave.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
No. 2902 Bush St., near Lyon: large modern
residence of 8 rooms and path and finished
basement; let 25x75 feet; modem and up-to-date.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
West side Pierce st., 45 feet south of Vallejo;
2 lots 27:6x112:6 each; fine marine view.
Further particulars and catalogues of sale at
EASTON, ELDRIIK1E & CO..
C3S Market st
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January. 1358.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel.
$S5C0— ELLIS st. near Gough: front and rear
house: rent $50; lot MilM; with small ex-
pense this can be made pay well. MADISON
& EURKE.
J220O— BROADWAY, near Jones; must be sold;
rent $18; thls> is in good coadltlon- MADI-
SON & BURKE.
$6500— PINE St., near Scott: 2 flats: rents $57 50:
lot 25x137:6. MADISON & BURKE.
$7000—8 FLATS; near O'FarrtHl and Webster;
well rented; lot 2ix90. MADISON & BURKE.
LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16Sxl20. on north
line of Lombard i»t.. bet. Fill— iqre and Steln-
er; al3o lot 152x170 on <JT»estnut st. in — ar:
rents $73 per month; must be sold on account
of non-residence. MADISON & BURKE.
BUSH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70. with
lar-e, substantial, buildings: rents $230 per
month. MADISON A BURKE.
MISSION-RT. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot:
new Improvement!", store and flats: rent $110;
price $18.0CO. MADISON _¦ BURKE.
$10,500— FINE vacsnt property; lot 37:6x90. with
2 corner*; Taylor and Greenwich «ts.; Just the
place for a grocery. MADISON &. BURKE.
$SCCO — AN elesant north corner In the Presidio
¦ Heights district: 60x30: this Is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON _ BURKE.
$6500— BUSH st, near Webster: 8 rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior; 27x100
MADISON & BURKE.
$1S.COO— AN elegant marine view house, Jn the
best of condition: will take a smaller house
for rart pay If net too far out. MADISON
& BURKE.
SUTTER st. corner of Buchanan; 33x87:6; only
tSOCO. MADISON & BURKE.
FINE FLATS. ~~ ~ I " ~
2 _ fine modern flats In Panhandle -district;
rented for $70 monthly; price $7500.
. . WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
A house of 12 rooms on Loguna st.. In Pacific
Heights: lot 27:6_107; It must be sold; reduced
to $19.CC0. .
$12,000— Four new modern flats near Park*
rented for 1112 CO monthly.
Rents $."2 50: price $5000.
Two fine new flats In the Panhandle district;
all latest modern Improvements: a rood In-
vestment; this property mu?t be sold.
A beautiful corner lot on Pacific ave., on the
Heights: marine and city' view; 43xlM; will
sell cheap.
' Reduced to $4W0; good home of 7 rooms and
bath on Stelner St., near O'Farrell; owner anx-
ious to sell.
$50 per foot; any sire lot on Clay'st: Presidio
Heights: all ready to build on.
$2400— A ¦ pretty Mission home ; 6 rooms and
bath: wide lot.
/Only. $1230; cottage of 4 rooms on Noe at :
lot 23:6xlC5.
LOTS—LOTS— LOTS.
In Pacific and Presidio Heights. Pacific ave..
DevlBadero, Vallejo, Clay St., etc.; all sizes
and prices,. . .
. San Mateo Homes for City People.
McAFEE BROS.. 198 Montgomery it
FOR SALE
¦ By . . /
• A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montsamery street
$135,000— M'irslon-st. corner: Sl:Sxl37:<; 3-stnry
, brick building; pays 6 per cent per
annum.
$lW,0OO-^-stors*. brick building: Geary st: pays
-. - 7 per cent per annum.
5100,000— Mlsslon-st corner: "wholesale district;
C-story ' brick building; pays 6 per cent
per annum.
A. J. RICH & CO.
MAKE A STAP.T AS OTHERS DID. " "~
¦• Instead of paying rent, apply the same
'.money In paying. off a new 5-rooni and bath
house, on Hoffman ave., near electric car,
Twenty-second st. . ' . ''..>..>
Four-room and bath on • Hoffman ave.
Agent" on Herman Tract.' ,
- JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Butter St.
BOULEVARD lots fronting the ocean beach-
a only a few left; street graded. JACOB HEY-
MAN. .11". Setter St. ' ¦¦'¦_ ¦
HEAL 'ESTATK— COOS-TUY-- For SaU
WRITE or call for ' list" of • ¦
\ T**r>v-- •: SAM MATEO RESIDENCES
FARMS, GRAZING AND MARSH LANDS.
ORANGES. LEMONS*
Buy a home In the orange and lemon colony of
, Northern California: ; no scale: ¦ no frosts-
•abundance of water- for Irrigation; in tracts
of 5 acres and upward.* <
McAFEE ' BROTHERS.
': ' . > .. 108 Montgomery «t., S. F.
CALL on MARION i GRIFFIN, ,719 Market Bt.:
. chicken. ranches/ orchard*, general farms and
':stock ranches.; revernl hundred all over State;
, -. prir.te-i ' lists. ¦ : I pay • buyers ; car ¦ fare. ¦
REAL. ESTATE — COUXTIIY— For Sale
$3CC*-l-3 CASH, IS? acres sandy loam soli: be-
low Watsonville; bearing orchard; good build-
ing.
$4300— H cash, balance long time: 2« acres:
Crst-claFs Improvements. Haywardsi. 21 miles
from city. I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery.
REDWOOD and tan oak timber lands. 180 to
-.640 or more acres, it |4 t« W an acre: also
bargains in farms and stock ranches In Son-
oma and Mpr.doclno counties. Address ¥.
ROTHER1IEL. 507 California st.
AT %\Vt per acre— 8S0 acres: nearly all tlllaW*:
£0 acres perfect garden soil; torn* timber;
best watered ranch In the county; good and
••ompiete set of buildings; onequaled loca-
tion for roadside house, hotel, etc.. If so
desired: It's an exceptional opportunity: taka
my advice: don't delay. N. D. SICKELS—
the LAND AOENT. t Geary st.
SANTA CLARA Valley homes at $*» an tcre:
rich level fruit and vine land at San Mart:n
station: new depot: *5C0O school: terms one-
third cash, balance Installments or term of
years to suit purchaser; such chance unheard
of before: don't hesltats: wr1t» for catalogue.
WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose. Cal.
*900 FOR 120 acres of alfalfa, fruit and grain
land; fenced: on irrigation ditch; 3 miles
from railroad town In Tulare CO.: appraised
. at 120 per acre by S. F. bank. Address F. W.
STRATTON. Petaluma. Cal. _____
TO rent $• for sale— i*L acre-i of rich, level
land near San Mateo: Improvements. Inqulr*
2OT Church St., near Market. .
WANTED-To rent ranch 3 to 10 acres. With
tmrrove— lent*, for poultry business In Ala-
meda Co. Box 1127. Call.
REAL KSTATE WASTED. :>! J; ;
WANTiav- A country farm of about P> acres,
with 20 or 30 acres o* level ground. Box 1115.
Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS-
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IF YOU THINlToF^rRCHASING A HOME
IN ALAMEDA.
COMB AXD SEE VS AT ONCE.
NOTHINO IJKE IT EVER OFTEP.ED
. BEFORE.
IT IS MONEY IN YOUR POCKET TO BUT
NOW.
IMM.
For a lovely six-room cottage: large- lot;
worth J3O0O; this property will be sold and »a/v
riflced to first comer for $l«50; easy terras tf
required: If you want a bargain and a snap
don't delay.
J213". -
Buys an elegant .seven-room cottage In om
of the beat locations !n Alameda: cost to build
12750; investigate,
$2S0O.
Cottasre of ten rooms near Morton-st. station;
lot 42x130, with barn: on easy terms.
J4300.
A new colonial two-story house, nine rooms,
finished basement; large Jot; nicely situated:
owner compelled to sell on account of depart-
ure East. '/-', .
Houses for sale In all parts of Alameda.
Terms easy. Just like paying rent.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St.. Alameda, and 20 Post 8t. 8. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
PAROAINS for Investors.
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit
Apply to G. R. DENKE. West Alameda
Real Estate Office. Webster ft. and Cen-
tral ave.
S30O CASH, $50 per month. frtU buy new house.
g rooms. 11875. new cotflge of 5 rooms anl
bath JIM", good house, of 8 rooms, nay-
ftSS: Chestnut at. J. H. YOUNG, builder.
1243 Park st. ;
REAL estate auction sale of »ome choice Pieces
of Alameda property on Saturday. Jan. 13.
1301. at 4 p. m.. at salesroom. 1501 Park St..
Alrneda Cal.. particulars later: sand for
«taToV?es.J. A. MONROE & CO auction-
eers 1501 Park St.. Alameda. Telepaon*
Grand 176.
A GREAT BARGAIN. '
There is In Alameda an elegant, modem. 8-
room dwelling. In th? very best location, that
will b« sold at a great sacrifice If taken within
the next r»tr days. LEONARD & LEONARD.
205 Montgomery st.. Pan FYn-claco. Cal.
AL.A3IKDA ROOMS ASP BOARD.
VTE offer elegant suite of rooms and board !n
select private home In Alameda to reflnea
couple: references required. Box 383. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
*4300_A FINE 2-str>ry house of V> rooms; on
tho sunny side of street; lot 75x133; street
work all done; only 5 minutes from Univer-
sity grounds.
IC00O— Two-story house of 8 rooms; lot Mx
130; near Dwight way station; street work
doce; a bargain.
t^.on— Only MO feet from University ground*.
on one of the best streets ot Berkeley: two-
Story house of S rooms; lot 75x130; street work
all done.
JJ60O— On Grove st.; two-story house of T
rooms and bath: fine corner lot; near hlso
school site; a thorough bargain.
App!y to MASON & McLENATHEN. ad-
Jolnlng P. O-. Berkeley.
ECRKELET — Ne» modern 2-story house, only
1 block south of the University; only built
two years aeo; cost WSOO: will be sold for
J4C00. and is worth 15000 to-day, this would
make a line Investment. JAS. S. NAISMITH.
452 Ninth at.. Oakland.
FRD1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
PLEITNER HEIGHTS TRACT.
Cheapest I>ot9 In Ffultrale.
Choice building lots. $75 and up-— ard; iSS
cash. ?3 monthly: also half acres and acres
In bearing orchard; fine garden; soil Just
what Is wanted by those looking for homes.
For particulars see owner. H. A. PLEITNER.
Kruitvale station.
jffio— HOUSE of S rooms, chicken hotiM and
yard; city water, etc.; 1 block from electric
car.
*. ; ."«v— Cczy cottage of 3 rooms and bath, hi jh
basement; good brick foundation; fine well,
windmill and tank; stable, shed, chicken
house: IS fruit trees: lot 73x190: all fenced.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
A SPLENDID LIST OF BARGAINS.
$>!C0— Snap: store, 4 room*: corner: 47 feet; la
We&t Berkeley: must sell to close estate.
$S30 — Near Twenty-tblrd-ave. station: modern
<-room r>«»--windew cottage; formerly rr iorf-
gaged 110*0; offer wanted.
»^oo~riank mortgage $1330; bay-window cot-
tage. 6 rooms, bath; nicely located;* Clinton>
station: must sell.
11450— New Dutch Colonial. 4 rooms: porrel-rn i
ttth; mantel; baak mortgage $1200; near San>
r«blo ave.; «na:>.
J30CO— Improved business corner; 50 feet: rents
$32: values will treble where this Is locate*!.
I23CC — tZiO caah; bank sale: new Colonial cot-
tage, f rooms; porcelain bath; near Adeline
station.
$35<'O— Adeline station; new 7 rooms; Ur_«
sunny lot. '
$3«10— Twenty-eighth, near Telegraph: nenr 8
rr-oms; 60x160.
$".C00— Telegraph ave.; fine 9-room hous$;
cl.clce.
*i7:0— New 8-room home; Lakeside district:
never before offered for sale.
(S3C0 — A hanvi some home ; Tenth ave. ; corner ;
lC*TtliiO.
$K.5M-Lakeilde> district; cost 113.000; 100x130.
$18.000— Cost I27.GC0; magnificent home; superb
U-catlon. -
I3o.00« — One of the finest brick business blocks
In Oakland: safer than Government bonds.
i:so- Ixu 60n feet from beautiful Linda Vista;
owner paid £C0 for; must sell this week.
$750— Snap; corner: 50x150; -near Clinton tt&-
tlon. .-^i>Mii »ft"»:'"-| I _~«~Hfrd t
$35 foot— Klghth St.. east of Bn»_<Sway: SOxino.
$43 foot— Corner 60 feet; east Broadway;
worth m ;T_W38BS#S
- For good realty values see us.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
OtOces. 46Q-4S2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
HOTELS for sale.
• Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
JO good farms for tale: some. for exchange.
Business property paying 8 per cent net oa
Investment.
Colony property from 300 to 100.00© acre*.
80-page catalogue of California homes. ¦
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, 852
Broadway. OaWacd-_
A SNA F— Only -J450; lots 23-123 on Mead av_,
near San PaMo ave. and Twenty-fourth st. ;
only 2 lots left at this price: nice new houses
surrounding: see them. DAVIDSON ¦ &,
LEIGH. 30 Montgomery St.. S. F.
For Additional Classifisd Advertise-
' meats' See Page Thirty.The Mutual Label and Lithograph Com
pany has leased from R. R. Thompson the
building on the north corner of Second
and Bryant streets for $152,250 for a period
of fifteen years.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Edgar
F. Preston.- for $12,000. north line, of Sacra
mento. 82:6 east from Gough, 70x127 :SVi* same
to same, for $30,000, south line of Post. 273 feet
east from Grant avenue. • 37:6x62:6; Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society. to O. D. Baldwin,
for $15,000. southwest "line of Third, 23 feet
southeast from Minna, 45x73; German Savings
and Loan Society to Henry F. Emeric for
J1C3.C00. east line ; of Front, 25:8 south from
Washington, southwest corner Sansome and
.Tackson and south, line of Geary. 150 east trom
Franklin; Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society
to Mary • AV. Newman, for $18,000, south line
of Bush. 137:6 east from Powell, 67:6x114:6;
German Bavlngs and Loan Society to William
C. Hildebrandt and Max Posner, " for $40,000,
rorth line of Jackson, 85 feet east from .Front.
29x120- Hlbernia Savings and L<oan. Society to
Asa R.- Wells and Monson Russell, for $10,000,
northwest lln* of Mission, 275 feet northeast
from Fifth, 37:6x160; Golden 1 Gate Mutual
Building. and Loan Association to Stephen tV.
and Mary A. "Wight and William John Hock-
Ing, for $15,80O % north line of Pine, 160 feet west
from Larkln. 40x137:6; •Security Savings Bank
to Orvllle D. Baldwin, for $17,000. w«st line of
Powell, 103:114 south from O'Farrell. 34.4Hx
137:6* - - - • - - ¦ ¦
Amelia Franks, renewal of mortgage made by
Jacob Appel to the Eureka Benevolent Associa
tion, for J10.000. on the west line of Webster
street. 37:6 south from Hayes. 75x90; A. Schles
inper to the Htbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety, for $15,000. south corner of Fifth and Fol
som streets. 90x75; John Pforr to the Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society, for (11.500. south
east line of Mission street, 175 feet northeast
from Sixth, 43xS0; John McAhern to the Hlber
nia Savings and Loan Society, for $11,500; south
east line of Howard street. 305 feet southwest
from First. 25x85. and the northwest corner of
Lark In street and Ash avenue, 30x110; Millie
E. Baldwin, for $35,000, west line of Powell
street, 103:6 feet south from O'Farrell, 34:414*
137:6; Potrero Land and Water Front Company
to the Mutual Savings Bank, for $16,000, north
cast corner Texas and Army street!, north 433,
east 200,« south 333. west 100, south 100, west 100;
also southeast Texas and Army, south 50 by
east 100; also cast line Texas, -250 south of
Army, - south 100 - by east 100; alao east line
Pennsylvania avenue. 50 north of. Army, north
223, east 100, north 25. west 100. north 133. east
2C0. south 433, west 100, north SO, west 100; also
northwest Marin and Iowa, north 50 by west
100; also west line Iowa, 115 north of Marin.
north 75 -by west 100; also west line Iowa, -50
south of Marin, south to Tulare, northwest to
a point, north to a ~>int. SO south to Marin. east
ICO; also southwest Army and Indiana, west
ICO, couth 50. west ICO. south 350, eaat 200, north
4C0: also southwest ; Twenty-sixth '. (Tuba) and
Indiana, west 100 by south 200; also northwest
Twenty-sixth (Yuba)'and Indiana,', west 100 by
north 250; also southeast- Twenty-sixth (Tuba)
and Minnesota, east 100, .south 50, east 100. south
350. west 200. north 400; also northeast Twenty
sixth and Minnesota, east 200. north 400, west
ICO. south 50. west 100. south 350: also northeast
Twenty-sixth and .Tennessee, north 400. east
2C0, south 50, west 100, south 75. east 100, south
225, west 100, south 50. west 100; also southwest
Twenty-sixth and Kentucky, west 100,- south
23, west ICO, south 125. east 100, north 100, east
ICO, north 50; also west line Kentucky, 54 north
of Army, north 100 by ¦west 200; also entire P\
blocks 361, 393, 400, 403. 404, 433 and 434, one year
at 6 per cent. Frank H. Burke to Alexander
Ferrari, for $15,000 northwest corner Sutter and
Kearny. 36:6x00:5.
The more Important releases of the week
were as follows: ' > - -•
Donald McC. Qedge will build a two
story and basement i frame residence on
the east line of ., Steiner street, 100 feet
north from Green. ¦¦,' *-
The northwest corner of Pierce and
Halght streets will be improved by Kliza
beth C. Pearl with a three-story and base
ment frame building, to cost something
more than $7000. ' : '--' ¦'¦'^'- ,
, Some of the larger mortgages of the last
week are as follows: " - •
Isaac Jacob will build a two-story struc
ture, to contain flats, on the southeast
line of Tehama street, 275 feet northeast
from Sixth.
208:10 feet southwest from Fifth, will cost
$20,000 approximately. The architects are
Punett Bros. The contractors are H. H.
Larson & Bros, and John H. McKay.
The three-story brick building to be
erected by the estate of Joseph L. Moody
on the northwest line oi Townsend street.
Julie Haste and Jane K. Rogers have
contracted -for the erection of a three
story frame building on the south line of
Bush street, 250:1 feet east from Leaven
worth, to cost more than JSOOO.
St. Helena will build a new schoolhouse,
Cunningham & Polieto are the architects,
The West Side Christian church has
purchased a building site on the north
line of Bush street, 137:6 feet east from
Devisadcro. the dimensions of which are
85 feet east by 137:6 north. The lot was
a part of the estate of R. H. Plummer
The price paid was $7250.
The Contra Costa County Supervisors
have decided to expend $175,000, of which
$145,000 will be for a Courthouse and $30,000
for a. County Jail.
Estate of E. D. Rosenbaum et al. to II. S.
Hubbard, north line of Broadway. 245 feet west
from Stelner, 47:6x137:6; G. L. Page to Emma
Joseph, east line of Taylor, 92:6 north from
Turk, 45x137. $45,000; William Corbln to Charles
Pace ami R. T. Harding, intersection of wes>t
line of South Broderick and East Park road.
143:8x152:1, and lots 25, 27 and 28, block 15, and
lots 28 to 32, block 20, Lakevlew, $30,000; Ed
mund L Koch et al. to John Pforr, southeast
line of MUsIon, 175 feet northeast from Sixth.
45x80, $16,000; estate of Daniel Swett to A.
Schleslnger, southwest corner Fifth and Fol
som, a0x7u. $25,000; Mary L. Glbb to Albert V.
Clark, southeast line of Mission. 106:10 feet
southwest from New Montgomery. 25xS0. $15,000;
THlle Sllverstone to Joseph E. Slckels. south
west line of Sixth. 125 feet northwest from
Bryant. 73x90. $25,000; estate of Joseph Macdon
ough to Oryllle D. Baldwin, west corner Fourth
and Howard. 48:6xS5. $00,000.
Henry P. Sonntag lectured last Wednes
day before the California Club on the sub
ject of municipal. State and national in
terests relating to San Francisco.
Within tne last year the street improve
ments in Berkeley have cost property
owners more than JJOO.OOO. This is sup
posed to be unparalleled on the coast.
Many property owners are of the -opinion
that the work could be done more grad
ually and be just aa beneficial to the
university town.
Among the larger sales of the week that
have been placed upon record are the fol
lowing: :
Charles A. Bailey has just returned from
a" trip by steamer to Mexico, where he
went for his health.
Easton & Eldrldge will auction real es
tate next Tuesday. There are nine offer
ings representing lots, flats and houses in
various sections of the city.
H. Feige reports the sale of two new
six-room houses on the east line of Flor
ida street to Otto Foest for $3000 each. ,
Thomas Magee <& Sons have sold the
southwest corner of Mission and New
Montgomery streets and also the south
cast corner of Mission and" New Mont
gomery streets for the Sharon Estate
Company. The first mentioned piece has
a frontage of 107 fe«?t on Mission, 160 feet
on New Montgomery and 97 on Minna.
The price was iUO.WO. The second men
tioned piece fronts 79:6 on. Mission,-ex
tending SO on New Montgomery. This
brought $75,000. In addition to these sales
Magee & Sons report the sale of lot
30x77:6, with Improvements, on the west
line of Second street, 70 feet southeast
from Mission, for $18,000; northeast corner
of Mission and Beal-2 streets, 91:6 on Mis
sion and 137:6 on Bcale. for 593,000. The
Second street property was bought by J.
S. Morgan & Son3. The names in the
other transactions are not. yet made
public. ,
. Following the news of the sale of the
Macdonough estate property on -the
northwest corner of Fourth and Howard
streets to O. D. Baldwin for $60,000 comer,
information of other large deals, making
up a record far exceeding half a million
dollars. The, Macdonough sale was ef
fected by Baldwin^ Howell.
Sixty-three million barrels of oil. ap
proximately, were produced In the United
States last year. California's large In-
I creade advanced the total appreciably.
[The %alue of all petroleum taken from
I wells* In this country In 19M 13 estimated
at JTS.OOO.MW In round figures. At Iea3t
9.000,000 barrels more may be set down to
the record of 1900 than could be boasted
by the preceding year. The Appalachian
district, which includes New York. Penn
sylvania, West Virginia and part of Ohio,
produced 36,500,000 barrels. The Lima oil
fields of Ohio and Indiana may be cred
ited with nearly 22.000.000 barrels. Colo
rado, Kansas, .Texas and Wyoming to
gether make up 1.5CO.00O or so. Texas hav
ing a score of 800.000 and Colorado 500.00O.
In no part of the country have develop
ments had the same significance as in
California, because of the price of coal a3
fuel on the Pacific Coast.
The Standard Oil Company Is engaged
in. laying pipe lines in the Kern River
district. CoincidentaJly the Producers'
Association is beginning to do business,
with the purpose of handling all the oil It
can control through one channel as a
means of sustaining prices.
'The oil '.men throughout the State- ara
watching the developments commercially
In the -Kern River field. A report ia sent
out from JBakersfield that offers have been.
made to pay an advance over previous
prices of 5 cents as a result of the forma
tion of the Producers' Association. Com
panies are being urged to join tho asso
ciation, and many have done so. 'rue men
who are laying tne pipe line for the Stan
dard Oil company came from Ohio.
Something like 1500 oil locations wero
filed In Santa Barbara on the second day
of the. new century. Fifty persons mada
all the filings. The indications of interest
have not been confined to any locality.
Within a few days 16,0u0 acres have been
filed upon in the Cariiso Creelc section, in
San Lntgo County. Fully 73,000 acres hava
been taken up in that locality.
A mere marked Indication of confidence
in. the richness of the California petroleum,
deposits in exploited - fields has been af
forded within the past fortnight by largo
prices paid for producing properties. Ac
cording to the BakersftVtd Calif ornian the
land Involved in the Reed crude oil deal
brought $3000 per acre, the total price be
ing HS0.W0. Eastern papers are paying a
great deal of attention to California pe
troleum, which Is the subject of scores of
editorials.. .From these fact3 it appears
the interest is much wider than local and,
also that at home an appreciation of the
value of oil strikes is growing keener.
Speaking for the mineral claimants to
all lands in Southern California the Los
Angeles Herald says:
The frequent reports coming from Washing
tor, as to the attitude of Secretary Hltchcocic
of the Interior Department on th» scripper
capes, and the repeated declarations that he la
likely . to render a. decision favorable to the
scrlpptra. has not caused any serious depres
sion among the oil men, who rest their case
on Its merits In the hands of officials who ar >
not presumed to be susceptible to "Influence"
nt the hands of an expensively maintained
lobby. The Intimation that tne oil men are
apathetic and careless in the matter is far
from the truth, as a close watch la kept on
every turn of the case. The authorities at
Washington are aa familiar with the various
phases of the question as are the producers
In -Kern- County or Los Angeles, and on this
fact alone the oil men base their kellef that
a decision will be rendered by Secretary Hitch
cock sustaining previous decisions on the sam~
question.
The real status of the contention between
the: oil miners and the scripp^rs, up to date,
is that the case decided by the United States
Circuit Judge. Ross, in September last, to wit.
the Cosmos Exploration Company vs. C. A.
Canfleld et al., was a complete victory for th»
oil miners, the court In that case recommend
ing that the scrippers be prosecuted for the
perjuries committed in connection with their
land selections. In the case cf Aetna. Petro
leum Company vs. Henry T. Crlpps et al.. also
L«fore United States Circuit Judge Roan, the
language of the court was still more strongly
!n favor of the oil men. The recent decision
by the Land Office In the case of Kern River
OH Company and C. W. Clark. Mr. Hermann's
decision was exactly in line with the decisions
of the United States Circuit Court above, be
ing also. a complete victory for the oil men.
In view of these decisions but one result Is
probable, and that against the scrippers.
A somewhat astonishing feature of the
prospecting for oil has been the discovery
of vast supplies of subterranean water,
which if properly utilized would redeem
thousands of acres of. lands not hitherto
considered to be valuable for agricultural
Eurposes. A correspondent writing from
anta Barbara tells of two failures to
strike oil in the Casitas Valley, just across
the Santa Barbara County line In Ventura
County. The fecond failure to locate oil
developed a fine artesian well, "which will
furnish water for stock upon a part of
the rancho which was fine pasture land
but lacked a good water supply." This
has been a quite common experience. In
stead of a scarcity of water In California
the oil men have discovered that in many
localities there la too much for their pur
poses. Thus, indirectly alao. the- oil men
will confer wealth on California.
Oil has been struck 600 feet off shore "at
Summerland. in the ocean, which yield3
about twenty-five barrels per day.
In Carbon Canyon, Orange County a'
well Is resolutely headed for a depth of
1500 feet. The report Is given out that
three light stratas of oil have already
been encountered. There are several firm
believers evidently in the view of Stata
Mineralogist Cooper, that far down In the
earth will be found not only a greater
supply of oil than at a shallower depth,
bat also that a finer and higher priced
quality may be reached by deeper drilling-.
A BakersfleM correspondent of the Log
Angeles Herald hoars that the Kern Oil
Company secured $1250 per acre for a large*
amount of land sold to R. C. Forum of
Michigan, the total amount Involved be
ing about $200,000.
The Tulare CHI Company complains of
having. been Jumped by the Eclipse Com
pany, and has brought an injunction suit
to' prevent. its continuing to carry on tha
work of drilling for oil. The claim \s lo
cated In section 28, 30-22. at McKittrick.
The Oakdale Leader reports that the hills
in the vicinity of. Orange Blossom colony
between Oakdale and Knights Ferry
Stanislaus County, will be prospected for
oir. '
.The Morgan Hill Times says that oil Is
9eeplr.gr out of the ground on the Schmer
ber ranch, at the Junction of Lick and
Alum Rock avenues, and there is consid
erable excitement In that neighborhood in
consequence.
The -Fotsom Telegraph says that thero
are oil indications a short distance west
of, Folsom:.
¦ A short distance west of Folsom the bed
rock of "slate and granite stands almost on
end, and the vast chasm cau»ed when it was
urtllted has been filled with detritus by thw
eicslon of "the higher levels during countless
nfes until. the. great valley as we know it was
formed. . That there Is oil under a greater por
tion of this mass of debris there Is sufficient
evidence, .but whether it can be found In com
mercial quantities at all points Is a question
that only the drill will reveal.
Bakefsneld Californlan reports that
the operators to the northwest of tho
Kern River field have without exception
had a : great deal of trouble In getting
down owing to the strata of blue mud met
with. ¦ necessitating much driving. Con
tinued " driving has ruined the casing. It
is now the opinion of those with the cost
ly experience that only drive pipe can be
successfully used there, and in all proba
bility most of the wells of the future will
contain it. Casing must be driven, and
drive pipe is the only kind made to stand
the strain.
•'In the sections where work has not de
veloped any. great field there la consider
able activity. As has been said before,
there is reason to suppose that there are
great undiscovered oil fields in the State.
Where- they -are Is the interesting ques
tion of .the time. Wells are being drilled
in • Butte. . Colusa. San Benlto. Monterey.
Humboldt. Napa. Contra Costa. Marin
and other counties north of Fresno Coun
ty where. Indications are favorable. Five
concerns are working near Bradley, in
Monterey County. A company in San
B4nlto> County is down 700 feet. Attract of
11S0- acres -has been secured In Colusa
County, on Sand Creek, for exploitation.
Two wells are drilling in the- Mattole dis
trict, in Humboldt County.
Districts.
Wells Are Still Being Sunk
Throughout Northern
California.
Large Prices Continue to Be Paid
for Lands in the Well-
Defined Petroleum
SEEKING FOR OIL
IN MANY COUNTIES.
Review of the Conditions and borne of the
- ; Sales During the Past Week.
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1001.
30
ALL kinds bought. ikjM and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
SEWIXG 3IACIIIXES AND SUPPLIES.
BERINB Van and Storage Co.. 7?2 Mission St.;
teL Main 1M0; shlpplnr at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
STORAGE AXD WAItEHOl'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and "Powell sts.: tel. Main 6713.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, J4 50 a
set; electrical work Installed. 153$ Pt. Lobos.
TELEPHONES
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
¦ (Successor to Flannapan & Gallagher.) :'¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. •-- - r '- --
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Firth st., opposite Lincoln Scaool.
Telephon* South 80. -
"Why did your cousin who was visiting
you go back' to Boston so' suddenly, Mra.
Siphers?" ' ¦¦¦'¦¦¦- •.?¦•¦-•
"Oh, she discovered a day or two before
Christmas '.that ".the , only- grate In - our
house was In the room she occupied," and
she got angry when .we insisted on having
our > children ¦¦¦ hang * their ; stockings un
around , it; ; She : said she , wasn't ? golns to
have ¦ a ; man . coming: : down : the chimney
into her. room; .'even if he 'was only a
myth."— Chicaco Times-Herald.
The followfBK marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George P. Walters, 24, Oakland, and Delia J.
Inrrlm, 23. city. .- •
Archie T. f Jigcr, 2«, city, and Emma. R.
Jone<5. 72, city.
Roy F. Oakley, 28, 941 Oak street, and Mar-
garet B. Kelgho. 20. 2130 O'Farrell street.
Paul F. Habelt, 54, t24 Union street, and
Elle*. Grleb. 25, £24 Union street.
Samuel J. Price. 28. 3«1 Eleventh street, and
Rob* Goldman, 22. 17% Washington avenue.
William F. Heine. 22. 3007 Flllmoret street,
and Anna Heine. 15. 2928 Lacuna street. •
Joseph Coffey. 27. 13% Gilbert street, and An-
nie L. McDonnell, 24. (06 Bryant ittreet.
Henry B. Coffin. 23. 1 Fifth street, and Char-
lotte H. Miller, 22, Lot Angeles.
Jorge M. Nunes. 21. Jackson street, and
Rosa Gnrorla. 19, <5 Jackson street.
John L. Chaddook, 31, Fre&no. and Jennie
Morris, 27, Hanford.
>h Vciu. 37. city, axd Ah Tew, IS, cltT.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 87 (twen-
ty-five cents- per ehare) of the Hutchlnson
fiufjar Plantation Company will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market st.,
Ban Francisco, CaJ.. on and after Monday,
January 2L 1901. Transfer books closa on
Tuesday. January 15, 1WL at 3 o'clock p. tn.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE.— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco.— At a retrular meeting
cf the Board of Directors of this Bank, held
f January 8. 1901,- a dividend was declared for
the half-year, ending 31st December. 1900, at
the rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th Inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
Jnet., both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Januarr 8. WQL '
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 17 <twenty-
firk cents per share) of the Kilauea Su*ar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market bt.. on and after
TUESDAY. January 15. 1S0L Transfer books
closed on Thursday. January 10. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
THE semi-annual guaranteed dividend on In-
terest-bearlnK cash shares In La Zacunlna
• Rubber Plantation, at the rat* of 5 per cent
per annum as per coupon*, will -be du« and
parable at the offices of th<» company. 703-704
Clau« Spreckels building. San Francisco on.
and after January 15 1901.
LA ZACUALPA RUBBER PLANTATION
OOMPANT.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & II. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARO> INS IN VTpiEwRITBRS^We
sell better mr * lines for le« money than any
house In the Cuy; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 26«.
Reductions
Prior to stocktaking on February 2nd, you will find displayed
upon our counters and in the show-windows, odd size sarid broken
assortments ( of first-class merchandise at greatly reduced prices;
following are a few items of especial interest:
Gotton Draperies
Best quality of art ticking, 36 inches wide, with beautiful floral
designs, reduced from 25c to
150 a yard
A good quality of Royaline crepe, 30 inches wide, in new and
handsome designs, suitable for all kinds of soft and effective
drapery, reduced from 20c and 25c to
15c a yard ~
Japanese tinsel crepe, 27 inches wide, in artistic colorings and
designs, suitable for wall hangings, mantel drapes, etc., reduced
from2 5 cto j 5 cayard
.Our entire stock of 24 inch heavy silk plush, suitable for
upho.jtering, .cushion tops and fancy work, reduced from $2.50
and $3.25 to. ¦ $,. Joa yard
Toilet Sets
A large assortment of cream Irish point lace toilet sets,, con-
sisting of scarf arid three small mats, reduced from $1.00 to
/ 5 C s ¦
Wool Shawls
XadiesVwhite all wool woven shawls, 40 inches square, reduced
from 85c to . 6 5 c each
Notions^ at Reduced Prices
Satin belt hose supporters, reduced to 40c a pair. .
Good strong tooth brushes, reduced to JOc each.
Imitation shell-side combs, reduced to 25c a pair.
Imitation shellheck combs/ reduced, to 15c, 20c and 25c each.
Fast black French darning cotton, three balls for 5c.
Jet head shawl pins, reduced to 3c a box.
Cotton hose supporters, "button clasps," 10c a pair.
One-third Off
One-third off on all remnants of embroideries,- laces, nets, chif-
f Q - s and allovers during this month.
Write for our illustrated catalogues
__ .£¦ 129 Kearny Street ??^:
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby elves notice that they have
admitted Into the Orpnanage from July _, WOO.
to December 31, 1S00. the following named or-
phans and half-orphans, boys and glrla:
Katie Stein, 12 yrs. 2 mos. ; Julia Stein. 10 yrs.
h mos.; Ida Stein. 8 yrs. 3 mos.: A. H. Frank.
11 yrs. 9 mos.: Edna Frank. 10 yrs. ; Freder-
ick Bebergall. 10 yrs. t mos.; IX>ra Levy. 9
yre. 7 mos.; Louis Levy, 7 yrs. 10 mos.: Jacob
Ehaphran. 10 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Shaphran, S
yrs.: Annie Shaphran. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Esther
Forman. 10 yrs. 5 mos.: Etta Forman. 7 yrs.
€ mos.: Bertha Forman. 5 yrs. 2 mos.; Mollie
Forman, 3 yrs. 6 mos.; Frank Shaphran. 4 yrs.
r. mos.; Mary Laser. 8 yrs. 3 mos.; Auetista
Laser. 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Cella Laser. 10 yrs. 9
mos. '
William. Koch (known as William CookV
dearly beloved husband of the late Margaret
Koch,' -father. of Mrs. Mary Zwlck and Wil-
liam and Charles Koch, and grandfather of
Nelson ; and , Grace Zwlck and : William. Ma-
mie and Annie Cook, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 82 years. • '¦¦.
CTFriends* and acquaintances are respect-
fully . notified that the funeral takes place
• to-morrow* (Monday), - at 9 o'clock, . from . his
late residence. , 1947 Stockton street, near
Chestnut, thence to St. • Francis Church,
where at 10 o'clock a solemn : requiem hign
. mass will be celebrated forth* repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEVY— in ¦ this city, January 12, 1901, Jacques,
beloved husband of Sarah Levy, and father
of Lucien, Albert, Achtlle, Florence and Alex-
ander Levy.- a native of Muhlhausen, ..Alsace,
Ober-Rheln, ased So years 4 months | and 25
days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are j reapecr
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 810 Larkln street, between O'Farre'.l
and Geary/ Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsflnd streets. -
LIEBIG— In this city. January 11, 1901, Robert
F.. infant son of Kate and Captain Charles
E. Lleblg, and brother of George and the late
Alice Lleblsr, a native of California, aged 10
months and 22 days.
C?" Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Ills parents, 4313 Twenty- fourth street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McCALL— In this city, January 11, 1901, Mamie,
beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Mary Murphy, adopted daughter of Philip and
•. Mary • McCall. and sister of Maggie McCall
: and Francis Murphy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged IS years and 3 months.
E7Frlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12*30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, J24 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
McGRATH-In this city. January 12, 1901. Alice
F., beloved daughter of John and Catherine
McGrath, and dearly beloved sister of Agnes.
John, Josle and James McGrath, a native of
San Francisco. (West Rutland, Vt., papers
please copy.)
- (CTFrienUs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the'funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents,- 1620 Church street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem. mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McPHERSON— In this city. January 12. 190,1.
Jeanelte McPherson, beloved wife of the late
M. T. McPherson. and mother of S. H., G. W.
and "H. P. McPherson, a native of Texas,
aged 61 years 6 months and 12 days. A mem-
ber of Pacific Lodge No. 815, Knights and
Ladies of Honor. (Merced papers please copy.)
E3"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:13 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 105.'
Mission street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery
for cremation at 3 o'clock. '
McSHANE — In thin city, January 12, 1S01,
Ellen, beloved wife of the late James Mc-
Shane, mother of Maggie and Genevieve Mc-
Shane, daughter of the late Joseph and Mar-
caret Coffey. and sister of John, Joseph and
Maurice Coffey . and Mrs. Alice Spinner, a
native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 37 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother, John Coffey, 2C09 Twenty-flrst
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of. her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery-
MAGNUS- In this city. January 12. 1901. Moses,
beloved husband of Sarah Magnes, and father
of Leon Magneu. a native of Poland, aged 49
years. (Haywards, Cal., papers please copy.)
E7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 2209 Sut-
ter street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit flowers. Fu-
neral and interment private.
METZGER— In this city, January 10, 1901. Flor-
ence Metzger, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months.
ETRemalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
MEEHAN— In this city. January 11, 1901. Peter,
beloved husband of Mary Meehan, and father
of Sarah and Rose Meehnn and Mrs. . J. T.
McGrath. a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
(Providence. R. I., papers please copy.)
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- ' t
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 151SA Howard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, thence to fit. Joseph's Church
for eervices at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MOLLOY — In this city. January. 12. 1901.
Thomas Molloy, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, a«red 43 years.
ICT'Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.; 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. ¦ .
MOULTHROP— In this city, January 10, 1901. i
Carrie Moulthrop, wifa of C. w. Moul- ¦
throp.
tyFuneral services will be held at her late
residence, 830 Bush street, this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock. Friends are Invited to the
house. Interment private. ¦
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 11. 1901.
Catherine O'Connor, beloved wife of William
O'Connor, and mother of James, William,
Mary, Frank, Matthew, Edward and Gertrude
O'Connor, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 46
years 1 month and 6 days.
PETERSON — In Oakland, January 11, 1901.'
Bridget Peterson, beloved mother of Joseph
H. Peterson. Mrs. W. G. Miller and the late
Maggie Peterson, and widow of the late Alex-
ander Peterson, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years and 9 days.
EXFriends an d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, 708 Twenty-eighth street, Oakland,
thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fortieth
street, near Grove, Temescal. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
PFLUGER— In Oakland, January 11. 1501, Cath-
erine B. Pfluger, dearly beloved wife of Rob-
ert Pfluser. ami mother of Mary, Robert.
Henry, Katie. Edmund and Emma PflURer. a
native of Switzerland, aged 71 years 9 months
and 27 days.
RAYNAUD-In this city, January 12, 1901.
Alma E., beloved wife of Albert P. Ray-
naud, a native of Halmstad, Sweden, aged
33 years.
REGAN— In this city, Mary, beloved wife of the
late Patrick Regan, and mother of John Re-
can, Mrs. H. Ford, Mrs. W. Moore. Mrs. L.
Regrnn and the late Annie Hamilton, a native
of Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland, aged 71
years and 12 days.
tCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 447 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose s
Church for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city. January 9. 1901.
George H.. beloved husband of Laura J. Rob-
inson, and father of Fred R., Harry A..
James H. and George V. Robinson and Mrs.
de la Fontaine, a native of Shullsberg. Wis.,
aged E2 years 7 months and 4 days.'
ETTriends end acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. and companions of the Loyal
Legion are respectfully invited to attend .the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from B'nal B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street. "< Fu-
neral under the auspices of Lincoln' Post N.>.
1. G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
Remains at funeral parlors of- Porter &
White. 122 Eddy street.
FRIENDS of California Council No.. 630, Na-
tional X'nlon, are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our departed friend. George H. Rob-
inson, which takas place this; (Sunday) after-
noon, from ¦ the • parlors of Porter & White,
122 Eddy street. F. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
ROSENBERG-In this city, January 11, 1901.
Louis P. Rosenberg, relict of the late Fanny
Rosenbcre, and beloved father of Charles.
Joseph, Bertha, Manfred, Emma and Arthur
Rosenberg. Mrs. Eda Newman. Mrs. T. D.
Davis and Mrs. S. W. Lederer of Honolulu,
a native of Hanover. Germany. . aged 72 years
11 months and 11 days. ¦
CTFriends and acquaintances are rerpect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1417 Laguna street. - Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. '
SMITH— In this city, January U. 1901. Alice
Margaret, beloved daughter of Patrick and
Mary Smith, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years and 11 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 345 • Fremont street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery .*.•". ¦ . , ' •• . .
SPELLER— In this city, January 10. 1901. Wil-
liam R. Speller, a native of London, aeed 43
years. . : .: .
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral" this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from . the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. f
STEWART— In this clty,~ January 12.. 1901. Mar-
tha, dearly beloved wife of the late Henry
Stewart, and mother . of Mrs. J. ¦ P. Taylor
and Harry. . John, George and Martha Stew-
art, a native of Chile, aged 45 years. *
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 11, 1901, Dan-
iel 8. Sullivan, uncle of Edward. Aleck, Min-
nie and. Annie Murphy, a native of Water-
town, Mass., aged 48 years.
THOMPSON— In. .this city, January* M, isoi,
.William H. "' Thompson. • brother ¦ of Frank R.
and Walter G. Thompson, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged ' 60 i years 10 months 'and 15
- days: iTO^^^iirt.s^JW-ilWWr^'^ftiUMIMllOllJIJwiwi
¦ E3"Frlends and " acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ from , the parlors of
. the California Undertaking .' Company, 405
Powell street,, near Post. 'Interment private.
TOBIN— In ' this ' city/" January • 12, 1901, . Henry
A., son of J. J. and the late Elizabeth M.
Tobin, a native of ¦ Kansas City, Mo. * ¦
EyiTie funeral will take ¦. place to-morrow
(Monday),' at 8:30 o'clock," from the residence
of - his" sister. 'i Mrs.. J. O. Leibert,. 1118V. Fell
street. . thence to Sacred Heart Church, "where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock." In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. .' ' - ' ; ¦*¦¦ : v
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.-
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
J5SO0 FOR a flO.OCO property; large corner lot;
10-room house; near business center and local
train: positively a great bargain; space will
not permit extolling its pond qualities. If a
No. 1 house and a bargain Is wanted call
early. Seeing Is believing. J. 6. MTERS &
CO.. 10C2 Broadway, Oakland. ______
jtf.ono— HOME cost to build. J15.O00; 10 rooms
and ba.th; lot SO-foot frontage; almost at Four-
teenth and Broadway; choicest location; *pace
Win not permit In the ad to extol Its charming
qualities; the finest and best home ever of-
*ered tor sale at such sacrifice: must be so:d
to close an estate; seeing is believing: call
*-arly. J. 6. MYERS & CO.. 10C2 Broadway.
Oakland.
S>20f"»-ONLY J300 cash, balance easy: new bung-
clew cottage 5 rooms: porcelain bath and l&t-
*« in everything-; cute and cozy; near broad-
gaugf; close to cars, schools *nd business
center: would cost JJ500 to duplicate. J. is.
MYERS & CO,, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
17 50 CASH. Jl SO mentuly— U acre excellent land
irr £150.
fl5 cash. *6 "•(> montiily— H acre Al land. |2S3.
*22 U< cash. $9 monthly—?* acre superb land
for JCDO.
J21 cash. $11 monthly— 1 acre (more can be
had) for S4T5. "
Adjoining Ea-t Oakland: climate, soil and
view the very best: av/ay from fog* and raw
winds; nenr electric car line and wide boule-
xard. Call or send for circular, 4S5 Seventh
*=?.. Oakland; carriage free. II. Z. JONES.
Owner.
I"INT new modern house on Oakland Heights;
two-stnry; everything first class: the owner
muft wll and will make any kind of terms
thtt arf reasonable; fine location; Bee It.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. C2 Xlmh rt.
5COR7H OAKLAND— New modern cottage. 4
rooms bath, boiler, laundry, etc. : sold three
minths apo lor SZSHf. on account of death
present owner will wll for fl2T/». and on easy
terms. JAS. S. XAISMITH. 452 Ninth st.
OIL land. Km River district. In r7.SS. for sale:
ST5 r**r acre: deeded lar.d. C. K. KING, 952
Broadway, Oakland.
COO ACRES — Contra Co?ta County, near Walnut
Orwk; tmdi» or exchance. C. K. KING. 952
Broa<3Tvay, Oakland.
flf-fA-TWO cottagen. near Center-st. station,
for tale at a bargain: rents $17 50; good ln-
..—fi-wfi. both for S1SO0. ALDEN CO.. 11U
Brcadway.
OAKLAND
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the'
- furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AVKA apartment house, 1401 and 1403 Van Ness
ave., NW. cor. Bush — A rare opportunity to
get ol^rar.t punny newly furnished housekeep-
ing cpartmentf on New York plan; suites of
3 rooms, tinted, painted, papered and newly
furnished to suit: private telephone, g-as
ranges, electric lights, Welsbach burners;
private baths; running water every room;
nearly a'.! rented; we have an elegant parlor
floor toe *75 per month: a parlor floor elegant-
ly furnished tr> suit. !65: 2 basement floors,
one VJi, one 130; we frmlsh In blrdseye maple,
velvet carpets, mahogany: any way you want;
tall ar.d see them: last chance.
CHESTNUT. 193. North Beach— Furnished for
houf""keepir.pr. eur.ny corner house, quiet
neighborhood.
EDDY. 9^^— Flcor of 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms: private residence; no children.
EIGHTH. 34B— Front alcove room, with fire-
place and kitchen; furn. for housekpg; bath.
ELLIS. —8 — TTous€keeFing rooms and others;
runnir.jr water. *
ELLIS, 420— Housekeeping rooms and others;
bath: sunny.
ELLIS. 61S — Sunny front furnished room: kitch-
en If des!red; moderate.
ELLIS, C3?, forr.tr Larkln— Furnished room;
closet, gas stove; for ore. tC: two. SS.
ELIZABETH, 12. near Guerrero— Five fur-
nifbed rooms for housekeeping; J13.
FOLSOM. 2J4S— 3 cr 4 sunny ri>oms; gas etove;
cheap: without children.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. €2? — Sunny bay-window
suite of 3 rooms; pas. running water; reaaon.'
EATES. 4CS — Large furnished front room with
t;se cf kitchen.
MCALLISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave. — 2 sunny
rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping;
$6 per month.
>'ATOMA. S^O. between Sixth and Seventh—
Lerj:e corner sunny etore: 2 living rooms: J1S.
OAK, 11? — One very sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; stove, closet, water; $S.
POLK. £22— Unfurnished and furnished rooms
for housekeepir^.
SOUTH PARK. 116— Sunny front parlors, every
ccnvenlenc* for housekeeping; also otners;
reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 1401 and 1403. NW. cor. Bush
— Elegant eunry suites and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths; telephone; elec-
tric lights; eun all day: gas ranges; running
tveter in every room: will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted and newly furnished to cult.
WILLOW, 10. off L&rUin, near Eddy — 2 rooms
for general housekeepti-g; no children; J12.
2, 3 or 4 ROOMS unfurnished; 1 large front fur-
nished: reasonable; private family. 527 Post.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
BOOMS TO LET I'nrn. and Cnfnrn.
j\HLBORN HOTEL, SCI Granrave^BesTdor-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern conveniences:
rooms r-H- up; first-class meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 23c
to Jl per night; Jl 25 in $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BAHTLETT. <34— S larre light completely fui-
nished rooms, J40; lower floor. $.5; leaving
city.
BURNETT. 142$ Market (old No. 1264)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. MO <"The Elk)— Nicely (umlsbed runny
rms; day. .5c up; wk. Jl M up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLARA. VA\i— Large sunny front room, suit-
able f«r one or two gentlemen.
EDDY, 4_S>— Beautiful Funny rooms; hot and
cold running water; for gentlemen.
ELEGANTLY furnished rooms at reasonable
prices; central: at the Warren. 4th & Jessie.
KLLIS. r>71— Furn. roomr; piiv. family; modern
Improvements: t>honc; owner occupant; refs. '
ELL1P. 70S— Back parlor and sunny front room;
suitable for gentlemen.
KOLSOM. ST3 — Lanre bay-window front room,
nicely furnlsfc?d with all conveniences, for 2
gentlemen: rrivate family. \:_ ,
FOLSOM. P34— Jl IS; sunny front furnished
room, clowet, bath: private; call Monday.
FULTON. 116— Two furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
GEARY. 40»<The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nut; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE, t23— Double cr single newly
furnished rooms; rent reasonable; nice loca-
tion.
GRAND BOtTTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission 6ts.— Sunny rooms, en^*ulte or
tlnrl*; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAYES, lfiil — Larpe front room for one or two
rentlc-men: running hot and cold- water; $10.
JESSIE, 3C3. near Fifth and Market-Furnished
rooms, U and $5; housekeeping, $J.
X.ARKTN. C2T— Purny unfurnished front room.
LAS PALMAS. 1S29 Market St.— Suite of _ or J
rms>; private; bath; -in. rms; board optional.
LEAVENWORTH. 4tt— Sunny alcove room; all
modern Improvements.
LEWIS place, if— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or *n eulte.
MINNA. 2S — Sunny furnished front single
room*; 75c and tl per week.
MINNA. 6£7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. CISH— Clean furnished rooms. W.
J. JONES, proprietor.
2VEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.-Nlcely
furnished rooms. 12 a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL 314A— Beautifully .urni.hed _un-
ny front rooms; reasonable.
OTAERELL. S05 — Cozy room for grentleman;
rect reasonable.
PINE, 590— Loire side room for two gentlemen;
new flat: private family.
FOLK. flO — L&nre furnished room; gas, grate,
fcath; private family.
ROEEDALU Houte. £15-221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to .1: week, tl 25 to »4: open night.
BOTAL House, i;« Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
readir.ir-rocm, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nirht, 3'* to 11 50; week, JJ to
tS: month. JS to t30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EAX FRATCCTSCO Room-renting Bureau, W
Market St., room 204, Emma Spreckel* bldg.—
Should you desire to rent a toom call at the
• bove address: we have cholee rooms all over
the city, ard by eeeing- us you can save time,
trouble and expense; we can eult you, es.we
have a long list; rive us a call; no charges
whatever. Phone South 760.-
EHERMAN Apartment House. « Eighth et.,
near M_rv««_ Furnished or unfurnished.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived into the orphanage from July 1, 1900,
to Dec. si, 1PC0: Bertha Wess. 11 yrs. ; Fred-
erick. 4, and Ray O'Brien. 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Cella. 4. and Willie Flynn. 2 yrs.: Mary Me-
Laughlin. 11 yrs. 3 moa.; Mamie Mullaney. 7;
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Christopher Mul-
laney, 5 yrs. ; Jim Power, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Violet,
6 yrs., and Bert Ulppon, 4 yrs. : Irene Pel-
man. 3 yrs. 10 mof. : Mary Purdy, 5 yrs. 1
¦ mo., and Alice Purdy. 1 yr. 6 mo.: Ethel. 6
yrs.. end Clar Johnson. S yrs.; Mam Al-
baeh, 6 yrs. l mo.; Joseph. 5 yrs. 2 mos.. and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.: Llllie Albertlen, 7 yrs. 4 mos.: Annie
Deffechia. 9 yrs. 3 mos.: Hilda, 3 yrs. 10 mos.,
and Myrtle Deffechia. 2 yrs.; Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mos., Louis, 4 yrs. 10 moe., Delia Jeffcrs, 10
vrs.; Elvrood. I yn«., Howard. 6 yrs., and
Maude Wesley, 3 yrs. ; Rose Hurbert, 5 yrs.
4 mos., Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel Vall-
va.ru. 1 yr. : Joseph MacCort. 6 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Frank Hynes, 1 yr. 3 mos.. and Addle Hynes.
2 yrs. 8 mos. ; Irene Moody, 8 yrs. 1 mo.:
Frank Balenjar, 5 yrs»: Joseph, 10 yr«. 10
mo-., Luke. 4 yrs.. and Fanny Vydan, *2 yrs. ;
Eugene Gibbs. 1 yr. 6 mos.: Mary. 5 yrs.. Jo-
seph. 2 yrs.. and Marearetta Olsen, & yrs. ;
Lillian Radcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
can. 3 yrs. 8 mos.; Alfred Breilla, 5 yrs.;
Willie O'Farrell. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Mary, 5 yrs..
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mos., and Kate Rowan. 3
yrs. _ mos.: Eva Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos.; Ger-
trude, 4 yrv, and Jim Daly, 2 yrs. S mos.;
Clara. 8 yrs., and Man' Lonta, 6 yrs. ; George,
4 yrs.. and Hubert Kannfeld, 2 yrs. 2 mos. ;
Fred Fraser. 5 yrs. 3 mos. ; Maria SchooJer. 10
jts. ; Mary Coonan. 4 yrs. 7 mos.: Mar, 7 yrs.
4 mop., Joseph, 4 yrs., and Agnes Filling, 6
yrs. 6 mos.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her . late resi-
dence. • 206 St. Rose avenue, ; thence to ¦ Holy
Cross Church, where a. requiem mass wlllbs
celebrated for the repos« of > her soul,' com-
mencing at 9:30, o'clock. - Interment ¦ Mount
-Calvary. Cemetery.- . ' ¦" '• '
KOCH (COOK)— In this city. January U. 1901.
- CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock,- from the . residence
of Mrs. Emma Peterson, H07C Folsom street.
Interment Cypress Lawn ; Cemetery. '-, V
KELLEHER— In this city. January 12.- 1901,
Ellen, beloved wife of John- Kelleher, . loving
mother of Josle, Willie and Ettl© Kelleher,
Mrs. G. Brown and Mrs. R. Miller, ami sister
of Mrs.j F. Smith. Mrs. R.^ Lenehan. Mrs. J.
Murphy and Michael and Jeremiah Sullivan,
a native of County Kerry, , Ireland. •
JC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this ¦ day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his lata home.
Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 12, 1901,
Gladys A., beloved daughter of Marcus G.
and Annie Johnson, a native of San, Fran-
• clsco, aged 2 years 8 -months and 18 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 11. 1901.- Mary,
beloved dauchter of Andrew and the late
Sarah P. Johnson, and beloved sister of Ray-
mond Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 6 months and 7 days. .
ttbTrlends and acauaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall. 421 Post street, where sen-ices will be
held under the auspices of the Hannoveraner
Verein. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. V.
Maass. 917 Mission street.
GEE— In this city. January 11, 1901, Millicent,
beloved wife of Thomaa Gee, and mother of
Alfred and Ernest Gee of San Francisco and
Arthur Gee of England, a nattlve of Eng-
land, aged 77 years 11 months and 18 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the First M. E.
Church. Powell street, between Washington
and Jeckson. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage. Remains at the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
HALL-In Oakland. January 12. 1301. at 98S
Willow street, William, beloved husband of
Winefrad Hail, and father of James and
George Hall and Mrs. Annie Donlin of San
Jo?e, a native of England, aged 68 years 9
months and 11 days.
HARTWELL— In Oakland, January 12. 1801.
A*delb«rt IC. . beloved husband of Eliza I.
Hartwell. and father of George B. Hartwell.
formei-Jy of Minneapolis, a native of New
York, aged 70 years 3 months and 15 days.
HENON— In Santa Barbara. January 10, 1901,
Walter, beloved son of C. W. and Mrs. li J.
Henon. and brother of Paul J., Harry, C. W.
Jr., George S. and Maud Henon. a native of
California, aged 24 years and 6 months. (Oak-
land rapers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintance- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January 15. at 1 o"clock, from the residence
ot his parents, 1744 Market street, corner of
Van Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city, January 11, 1901.
Harold Edwin, beloved son of. Annie J. and
the late Frederick Hoffman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years 8 months and 11
days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the English
Lutheran Church, Geary street, between Oc-
tavla and Gouch. Interment Odd Fellows'
' Cemeter;-.
JACOBSEN— In this city. January 13, 1901. An-
drew J., beloved son of H.'and Katie Jacob-
sen (nee Simpron). and brother of Thomas S.
and Henry C. Jacob»en,.a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged a years 7 months 'and 29 days.
JAMISON— In Haywards. January 10, 1901, John
William Jamison, father : of Homer H. H.,'
Lorelna and L. Mabel Jamison, aged 70 years.
ZOT Krl ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 28 Koft avenue, off Sixteenth street,
between Mission and Valencia. Interment Cy-
preFs Lawn Cemetery.
FOGE— In this city, January 10, 1901. Christian
Foce, dearly beloved son of Mathlas and
Margarethe Foge, and beloved brother of
Mrs. C. Daehnke, Mrs. D. von der Mehden.
Mrs. B. Bruse, Mrs. II. Mohr and John M.,
Jacob, Wilhelm, Freda and Amalic Fc.e, a
native of Har.over, Germany, aged 20 years
and 10 da;-s.
_3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
FARADAY— In this city, January 10, 1901.
Jeanie B. Faraday, beloved daughter of Dan-
ell and Annie Mclntyre, and sister of Mrs.
j Frank Rowe and Archie. Arthur and Walter
C Mclntyre, a native of Vallejo. Cal., aged 17
f years 2 months and 24 days. (Sacramento and
Vallejo. Cal.. papers please copy.) • •
E7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at lu o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1014 Broderick street, thence to Holy
CroE- Church. Eddy street, near Scott, where
a solemn requiem mass will bs celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment private. .
DALLA1IORE— In Oakland. January 10. 1901,
Elizabeth Dallamore. beloved mother of
George C, Frederick J. and Mark Dallamore,
a native of Bath, England, aged 60 years 11
months and 12 days.
• E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. _£S5 Greenwich street, between Mason
and Taylor. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please oroit flowers.
COSGRAVE— In this city, January 12. 1901.
Frances G., beloved wife. of John B. Cos-
grave (nee Ho^an). and mother of Nicholas
It.. John F.. Carmelita and Thomas P. Coe-
jrrave. a native of Napa, Cal., aged 22 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
C7"Funeral this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from 435 Gough street. Interment private.
No flowers.
COLLINS— In this city, January 11. 1501. Denis
Collins, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 52 years.
CTRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
CONSONNO— In this city. January 10, 190L
Paul M. Consonno, beloved husband of Hen-
ri«tte Consonno, a native of Italy.
BRANNAN— In Los Anreles (suddenly). Janu-
| ary 11. 1901. Thomas, beloved. son of Eva and
the late Thomas Brannan, and brother of
Mary F. and Agjies A. Brannan, Mrs. J. P.
Piley, Brother Zenonian and the late James
E. Brannan, a native of San Francisco, aged
2> years 7 months and 3 days.
CELLER— In this city. Michael Celler. hus-
band of the late Rosa Celler. and father of
Mrs. S. I. Simon, Mrs. A. Zirker of Merced
and Samuel and Mark Celler, a native of Ger-
man}-.
DIED.
Brannan, Thomas McGrath, Alice F.
Celler, Michael McPherson. Jeanette
Collins. Denis , McShane. Ellen
Consonno, Paul M. Maenes, Moses
Cosgrave, Frances G. Meehan, Peter
Dallamore, Elizabeth Metrger, Florence
Faraday, Jeanle B. Molloy, Thomas ""
Foge, Christian Moulthrop. Carrie
Gee. Millicent O'Connor, Catherine
Hall, William Peterson, Bridget
Hartwell. , Adalbert I'fluger, Catherine B.
Henon, Walter Raynaud, Alma E.
Hoffman, Harold E. Regan, Mary
Jacobsen. Andrew J. Robinson. George H.
Jamison. John W. Rosenberg. Louis P.
Johnson. Uladvs A. Smith. Alice M.
Johnson, Mary Speller. William R.
Kelleher. Ellen Stewart. Martha
Koch (Cook). Wm. Sullivan. Daolel S.
Levy. Jacques Thompson. Wm. H.
Lieblg. Robert F. Tobin, Henry A.
McCall, Mamie
WANTED — 2 furnished rooms, with use ot
kitchen; no children; Valencia, bet. 11th and
ISth sts. Box 1133. Call office.
A COUPLE want by February 1 three unfur-
nished or partly furnished rooms with bath
near by: must be convenient to business cen-
ter: rent about $"3. Fully describe and ad-
drrrs J. L. box 1126. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
HOME wanted for an aged lady. Call be-
tween 7 and 9 p. m.. at 429H Tehama st.
MOTHER and daughter desire sunny suite with
board. In private family, centrally located.
Box 1072, Call office.
TEHAMA. 217— Room and board, private lam-
«ly. $4.
CLARENCE— BARKER— January 6, 1901, Wl»-
llam H. Clarence and Elizabeth Barker, both
of San Francisco.
GIGER— JONES— In this city, January 12, 1901,
by the Rev. Father Bell, S. J., Archie T.
Glger and Emma R. Jones of San Francisco.
GOULDEN— WISRING— In this city. December
27. 1900. by the Rev. Father Conway. Maurice
Gouldcn and Christine Wlsslnc both of San
Francisco.
JOHANXSEX- BARTO— In this city. January
10. 190L by the Rev. J. Fuendcllng. August
W. Jol'annsen and Mamie T. liarto.
ROSE— FITZPATRICK— In this city. January
6, 1901. at the Church of the Most Holy Re-
deemer, by the Rev. Father Joseph P. Mc-
Qualde, rector. John Rose and Catherine E.
Fitzpatrick, both of San Francisco.
STEIN— APPL — In this city. January 11,
1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Frank J.
Stein and Annie Appl, both of San Kran-
clsco.
MARRIED.
AT' the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SO" California St.. may
be found a roost exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and rightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOSIS A\D DOARU.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS n— e"e-. 'n w^r^per. for tnsiltnt. *1 ivr vejvr.
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at Hfr6
$7 A MONTH: sitting and bedroom finrly fur-
nished: Funny; Mason St., near Bush. Box
1143. Call office. '%'.-:
VAN NESS. 1100— Sunny front room, suitable
for gentleman; hot and cold water.
VALENCIA. 10IS-A furnished room for gent.
$3 a month.
TCRK. 211 — Well furnished rooms for gentle-
men; rent !."¦. i" and $12 per month.
TAYLOR. 515B— Bay-window ' parlor; piano,
grate; gas; flS; large sunny rooms, $10 and $6.
TAYLOR. 70S— Single front room; sunny; $6;
pentlemen.
SUITER, 57S— Convenient, well-furnished' front
offices or desirable living rooms.
SUTTER. S»04 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. *$; suites. $12 to $25 mo.
STEVENSON. 631»$B— A pleasant front room
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; board optional.
COOK— In Oakland. January 5, 1901. to the wife
of Leander T. Cook, a son.
CTNNINGHAM— In this city. December _!•.
1300. ,to the wife of. Joseph D. Cunningham, a
daughter.
GRIFFIN— In this city, January 9. 19C1, to the
wife of B Griffin, a son.
HILKEN— In Ocean View, January 11, 1S01, to
the wife of U. Milken, a daushter.
McGUNAGLE— In this city. January 2. 1901. to
the wife of J. H. McGunagle. a daughter. .
MURRAY— In this city, December 31. 1900, to
the wife of Peter A. Murray, a daughter.
OLSEN— In East Oakland. January 10. 1901. to
the wife, of Charles A. Olsen, a son.
QUILLINAN— In this city. January 6, 1901. to
the wife of Matt J. Qullllnan. a daughter.
RAYMOND— In this city. December 26. 1900, to
the wife of Cecil Raymond, a son.
ROHRS-In this city. January 11, 1901. to the
wife of D. Rohrs. a son.
SNKIDKR— In this city. January 5. 1901. to the
wife of S. Sneider, a daughter.
WENDLAND— In Alameda. December 20. 1300,
to the wife of A. G. Wendland. a son. I
BORN.*
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
SIXTH, 636A— 2 nice front rooms; runnlns
water; fireplace; furnished or unfurnished;
board optional; private German family.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. anil Vntnm.
ROOMS AM) HOARD WANTED.
SP 13 CIA I., XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for *4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S MnntKntticrv Ft., room- SM0: tel. 5380.
FREE rllnlcs for the deservinsr i>cor will re-
open Feb. 1 nt th« Pacino Coast Regular Col-
l"ge of Medicine, S18 Howard St.. near
Fourth.
LADIES — Chichester English Peni.yroyal Pills
¦ re the be-t: cafe-, reliable: take no other;
•end 4c stamps for particular?: "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall: at dro?-
rUts. Chlchester Chemical Cr., Phlladel.. Pa.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage. 520 Lake st., San Franclscc, Cal .
ha» received the following orphans, on»-ha'f
orphan and abandoned grlrls from Oct. 1
1900. to Jan. 1. 1301. Elizabeth M. Godwin. 8
years 4 months: Mabel Godwin. 7 years S
months: Grace E. Godwin. 5 years: HUdreth
Clark. 13 years: Lillian E. Wood, 11 years 2
months; Ethel Wood. 8 years 7 months: Lnu-
ra Schult-, 9 years « months: Mvrtle Medlen.
31 years 2 month-: Hazel "W. "West. 5 years:
Zernecne E. Blyth, 9 years 6 months; Edith
M. Clothier, 8 years T months; Ruth Clothier,
3 years 5 months.
BOI'GHT. sold, rented, repaired; needle- and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. . 205 4th.Grand Rapids Haze! Vest. Taccma
G C Foulkes, Ind P Bennett. Taecma
G W Chase. Chicago L P Hammond.Chleaca
Mrs O J Wilson. Ohio J F LltUefleld & w.
G E Ide. U 8 N Juneau
Mlis Vostfosky. 3 Jose J J Chares, Reddm*
F A Werner. Ind" Mrs R C Saulecor, Ta-
F V- Flint. Sacto coma
H L Erdman 4 w» Ma H H Stcrtzuoa.WoodId
E Harrington. Cal H Kruser. Butte
A P Hayne, Manila A Muller. Butts
J W Sweeney A w. Or H C McNaught. Staa£l
W.A Beard. Orovtlle J T Laird. Alturas
A E ' Robinson & w, I E W Vest. Taeoma.
H C Sessions. Berkeley Miss N M Halleabeck.
F E Wright. Colu.*a Boston
J C Hamplaln. Reddng Mlsa C M Llndberg.
E D Green * w. Chic Boston
Mrs T Mollnelll. Spok A M Dow. Boston
Mrs W Gemmllle, Cal A T Eran. gt Louis
J En set. Bkaguay OB Stubbs A w. Or
Mrs S A Skaggs. Or ¦ Miss McClatchy. Sacta
C M Johnston. Stanfd J S Black. N Zealaad
W E Wheelock. Corning I F C Smith. Or
W Murray, Plensantoa C E Smith, Or
J G Black. San Jose HA Smith. Cat ¦
J School. San Joe« J R Rosrjra. N Y
V Johnson, Cal " H T Smith. S Loreaso
H Wheeler. Cal H A Teycheson, Cal
C A Reddtnr. Cal EG Glllln A w. N T
.W- Vogt. Haywards J M Meredith. L Ang
T J Dodls. Farmington H Muller A w, Eutte
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
H E White. L Ant W E Newton. Cligo
G Goldman. NY J R Roslyn. N Y
W H Romalne. NT W J Wiley, Palo Alto-
F G Noyes A w. Seatl F C Munxte*. London
W B Gadsby. Portland M Rosenbium. Chgo
Mrs Gadsby. Portland A G Wells A w. L Ang
O C Mansfield. Wls ¦ Dr K M Lundbon* Cal
E A Sfcedd. Chicago J F Davis. Jackson
B J Lawton. L Ang F Wright A w, Londoa
W P Jenny & w. Wash C G Spearing. London
B L Foncar & w. Coln|H J Small, dacto
C M Freed. Salt Lake R Morrta & w. Detroit
J A Chase. San Jose Edith M Hale, Stanfrd
F II Yost. Sunford J A Brent. CW
S Leon. New York P H Roberts. Iowa,
E I Burt. New York E P Washburn. Waw-»
E K Eldrtdge. PorUnd J S Wasbburn & w.
O D Colvtn. Seattle Wawona
C P Green. Butte - E N Baxter. Wawona
M Fretx tt w, Butte J J Byrne. L Ang
T Tnwalte. Spokane J A Segben. Dawsoa
T Parker. Spokane . J Bean. San Jos-
C H Lymberg. NY W Bean. San Jose
C M Ingram. Md * J Gasterrnan. Cal
F Johnson & w. S Raf J R«!d Mont
A J Blersdorf, Chgo E Simpson at w. Sacto
R O Thayer. Colo SprtF A Loaenkaznp.Waaa
M Ef Curtis, Colo Spr |A F Jones. OroTllte
HOTEL ABBIVAXS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
G W Nour9e. Colo Spgs: J W BermiUaa A w,
H M Clarke. N T I Stockton
J O t> Avtl. Fhlladel J B Semorile. Cat
L O Carson. Chicago A Le Claire. Lorta
Q A Petts & w, S Dies J E Sullivan. Cal
J J Buchanan. Sacto W Taylor, Ohio
Mlsa L Quails. Fresno J Taylor. Cincinnati
L P Smith, Boston H Patterson. Indlanpla
L E Adell & w. Ptland L Payne. Los Ang
It Aylmas. Stocktca H Sailors. Stockton
W Chlnn. Vailejo : A Myers, Los Gates
C Saliraann. Stockton
! LIVERPOOL. .
1 Wheat — Feb. Mar. May.
Opening.. 6 2 6 2H
Closing 6 2 6 ?H
PARIS.
Wheat — , Jan. Mar. -.June.
Opening 1» 30 20 60
Closing ¦ »30 20 50
Flour-
Opening 24 95 t« 15
j Closing ...: 25 CO 56 Co
Eastern Lvestock (Mark'.is.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
I nominally" steady. "Good to prime steers. $4 30
' C6; poor to medium. *3 «VS5 20; stockers and
ffeders, steady to firm. $2 &S&4 40; cows. 52 65
O4 15; heifers. « 75«4 40; canners'. $2®2 60:
bull*. 12 7S#4 25; c«lve». -$4SW 33: Texas fed
steers $4 IM?4 H: Texas grass steers. $3 ZZ&l;
Tevas bulls." ?2 S0«3 50. »
I ' HOGS— Receipts to-day. 37.CO0; Monday, 45.OW;
1 estimated left over, SO-'O; average. 10c lower;
closing, weak. Top. *5 35: mixed and butcher*".
$0 fiiab 2S: arood to choice heavy., $5 15!g5 V>;
rough heavy. S5«5 10; light. $5 05S5 20; bulk
Of.SAleF.'SS %m 25.
' SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; sheep, firm; lambs.
I week. Ooo«l to choice wethers. S3 S5ig4 SO; fair
to choice mixed. $3 50#3 85: Western eheei>.
%Z t:-(ftt 73* Texas eheep. J2 SOWS €S; native
lambs, J4 23<53 60; Western lambs, |59S 50.
* OMAHA.
! OMAHA. Jan. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2ft);
market steady. Native beef steers. J*®5 40;
. Western steers. $3 7B5J4 40: Texas steers. $34£
4 15; cows and heifers. }3 W(H 25i canners',
Jl 75fJ2 75; mockers and feeders, S3t?l SO; calves,
S4S6 25: bulls, stags, etc.. $2 :0ft».
HO'lS— Receipts, 6S0O: market Be lower.
Heavy. 15 KViffS 22^: mixed. »5 17V4(g« 20; light.
j; I5<ff5 XVi: pins. $4@4 SO; bulk of sales, $6 13
©5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; eteady. . Fed mut
ton* *4ff* 75; western, $4f»4 30; common and
etock sheep. $3 65®* *>; lambs. $4 25t|4 40.
j DENVER.
I DENVER. Jan. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 250;
market uteady^ to strong. Beef irteers; $2 500
5 30; cows. «31?4 25: feeders, freight paid to
river. $3(3^ 40; «tockers, , freight paid to river,
|] 25f 4 M; bulls, stags, etc.. $293 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 4C0; market steady. Light
packers, S5 20!g5 ii; mixed. S5 2O®5 25; heavy,
15 250« 3S.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 1\— With no advices from
I.onrtcn to work on the'local metal market waa
a quiet one generally. Price changes through
cut the list were conspicuous by their absence,
tin ruling quiet at $26 25; lead. $4 374; copper,
dull and nominally quoted at $17 for tak« and
$16 «2H for casting.' Spelter also was dull at
i $4 15; ptgiron warrants. S3 50® 10 B0; Northern
foundry. *15@1«: Southern foundry, $14 50®
15 75. . « • ¦ -.-¦-• . ¦¦•¦,.• ¦ ¦ . ; ; '
Nezv York Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Jan. II.— Exports of gold and
silver ' from ; this port to* all countries for. the
week aggregated $1,003,335 silver bars and coin
and J22.940 gold. . .
The Imports of. specie this week were $43,725
gold • and 1 $88,069 silver. The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise . to the port of Net*
Ycrk for this weefc were valued at $11.453,S4S.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NETW YORK. Jan."; 12.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices unchanged to 3
points higher. .. , : . *
• Foreign Markets:
LONDON, s Jan. 12.— Consols, VI X-lt; '. silver.
29"4d; cargoes on passage,' sellers at decline 3d;
English : country J markets, quiet.; > ;, : |
¦"¦ LIVERPOOL, Jan. . II.— Wheat, quiet; ' No.' I
standard' California, fs 5d®6« 5Hd: wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Parts, quiet; French coun-
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet: winter' patents, $3 70^3 90:
straights. )3 2093 65; clears, S3 83®3 40; spring
specials. $4 40#4 £0: puts. S3 <0@3 80; straights.
S3 20^3 SO: bakers'. St SHQt 70: No. 3 spring
wheat. *9<ff70c; No. 2 red. 79^7Sc; No. 3 corn.
37g37>4c; No. 2 yellow. 37©r7!4c: No. 2 oats.
24c: No. J white. 28*it?27H;:No. 3 white, KSifp
27c; No. J rye. 53c; fair to choice malting bar
ley. htftMc; No. 1 flax seed. $1 «6; No. 1 N.
W.. tl <57; prime timothy seed. $4 70; mess pork,
per barrel. $1491*25: lard, per 100 lbs. $7 300
7 3£H: short ribs sides (loose). SS 9O@7 20; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 6Vif?6^4c; short clear
rides (boxed). 17 25®7 35; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, tl 27; clover, con
tract grade. $10 75. -
Articles— * • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :... 23.000 M.OOO
Wheat/bushels .'.'.... »7.000 29,000
Com. bushels ;. 477.000 150.000
Oats bu?hels 39S.000 2tO.0ft;
Rye. bushel* 5.000 2,000
Barfey. bushels 63.030 lO.OQO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak. Creameries. 14<y21c: Dairy.
12S18c. Cheese, dull, lOUfillHc. Eggs, eteady;
POWDER ETOCKS.
California .... — isa jVlgorlt ........ -I «?4
Giant Con Co. 844 85^1
, ? SUGAIfc STOCKS.
Han» S P Co. S?i 7 .Krlauea S Co. 214 =
Haw C & S Co - »> Makawell S Co 40»* 4U«
HonokaaSCo31 Jl'; Onomea S Co, 23 28H
Hutch 3 P Co. 24 r- iPaauhau S Co. U\i 3?H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125 1234 Oceanic S Co. — 182H
Cal Fruit Asn.lO3H105 Pac A F A.... J —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co.... 133 134
Mar Ex Asan, 97 — Par Paint Co. 12% —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 123 23
Si) Hcnokaa S Co . . Jl 00
5 Hutcclnson S P Co..: M l^j
30 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21*1
45 Makawell -. n W
3D Market-street Railway .. «3 CO
34 Market-street Railway *> 124
25 Onomea Sugar Co 23 ft)
IOO Paauhau S i» Co 31 37*i
50 Faciflc Gas Imp 44 CO
7 S F"Gas & Electric Co « «2H
15 S F Gas * Electric Co 4i S74
20 S F Gas A Electric Co « •»
23 3 F Gas * Electric Co 48 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 12H
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 5 44 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 4* 37H
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 49 37^
4t> S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 43 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornirr Sessien.
Board—
100 Bear Flag 59
UM) California-Standard 33
2000 California-Standard, b 60 40
2«X> California-Standard * »
13^0 Caribou ..-. a
337 Four OH Co 63
1200 Four Oil Co 59
IOO Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 43
oW Home Oil ;. J 90
400 Junction $4
30 Kern River 17 CO
21P0 Lion Oil Co y»
HC1> Lion Oil Co 2?
«00 McKlttrick Conciliated 25
200 Monarch of Arizona 74
100 Monarch of Arizona 7>
r*> Monarch ot Arizona 81
450 Monarch of Arizona S3
SO Monarch of Arizona 80
$n> Monte Crist o 2 10
50 Peerless 7 J<>
20«X> Petroleum Center 27
l-iOO Petroleum Center 23
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 T>
3100 Queen Esther 40
100 Reed Crude Oil Co *»
l»'fl H»H Cr-:de Oil Co TO
SCO Reed Crude Oil Co. b «0 71
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 ©0
. 10* San Joaquln Oil & r*v 13 23
(55 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 JO
70 San Joaqutn Oil & Dev 13 75
50 Sterling O & D Co 3 4©
10 Twenty-three 12 75
2C0 Twenty-eigtt 2 35
1C0 Twenty-eight 3 37*4
100 Wolverine 1»
300 Wolverine 1 82*4
400 Wolverine 1 SO
Street—
SO San Joaquin Oil & Dev 14 W
3no Caribou 55
1VK) Independence ." 23
700 Petroleum Center 23
CLOS ING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 12-2:20 p. m.
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the sales la the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
W Andes «( 500 Mexican «
300 Andes C9 2200 Mexican Jl
11C0 Best A Belcher r. 350 Ophir 74
«v> Best & Belcher 24 10O Ophlr T7
too Belcher 09. 500 Ophir T8
V*> Caledonia 85'iono Ophlr 7»
W0 Challenge Con. Ml 4W> Ophlr 74
2000 Con Cal & Va..l 80; SCO Potcsl U
250 Con Cal A Va.l HI 400 Savage lft
5*X> Crown Point... »13, 70O Savage 15
400 Gould A Curry. Sl'llOO Sierra Nevada.. 33
100 Gould & Curry. 50j BOO Sierra Nevada. 2»
5C0 Hale Tfc Nor.... WiIlM Union Con I*
1VA Justice C3 500 Yellow Jacket.. IS
B00 Kentuck C2 • .
The following were the sales la tise PaclSo
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
S0O Belcher 10.1200 Mexican »
400 Belch-r 11 150* Mexican 35
300 Belcher 13 IPO Ophlr 8S
?00 Best Si Belcher 29 100 Ophir M
700 Best ft Belcher Ti 300 Ophir 8')
200 Best & Belcher 25 200 Ophlr 73
1330 Chollar 14 300 Ophlr Tl
20O C C & Va 2(5 200 Ophlr 7*
r.<> C C Ac Va J0O 400 Ophlr 73
150 C C & Va....l »74 ZOO Ophir 73
5C0C C A Va 193 JOO Overman 18
JCOCC fc Vs^ 1 KY 200 Overman 15
400 C C A Va 180 500 Savage la
3CO C C & Va 1 S2H «» Sierra 'Nevada. 23
400 C C & Va 1 85 lW Silver Hill 4%
500 Con New York. 01 WO Union Con 28
JOO Crown Point... 14 IPO Union Con 24
;•"••> Mexican S3 JOO Union Con 23
200 Mexican 37 2CO Utah C7
SCO Mexican. So
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATVRDAT, Jan. 12— 12m.
Bid. Ask.- Bid. As*.
Alpha C3 Cl Justice C9 10
Alta 04 CG Kentuck «3 Ct
Andes 08 03 Lady Wash 03 —
Belcher 13 14' Mexican S3 IS
Best Sc -Belcher 24 2« Occidental 04 OS
Bullion "... 03 04 Ophlr 78 77
Caledonia 82 K> Overman •• 15 18
Challenge Con. 16 IT. Potosl 14 15
Chollar 12 14, Savage- 15 18
Confidence 52 57'Scorplon — ft*
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 v, Setr Belcher .... 02 63
Con Imperial... Cl 02 Sierra Nevada.. 21 »
Con New York. 01 — | Silver Hill 47 49
Crown Point... II It St Louis 0* —
Eureka Con.... — 35: Standard .......3 73 —
Exchequer — OS Syndicate. 09 11
Gould & Curry. 54 55 Union Con *3 24
Hale & Nor.... 19 211 Utah M CS
Julia 03 Mi Yellow Jacket.. 11 U
I Corn vrsuf dull and narrow." The opening was
j lower on the receipts, 437 cars, and favorable
weather. The market dipped with wheat, but
recovered with that market and closed steady.
May closed V»c lower at 3SVic.
. Oats were narrow. There was an excellent
cash demand. May closed a shade lower at
24W25C. l
Provisions were dull. The opening wae weak
on liberal ho; receipts and depressed prices at
the yards. Later the market recovered most
i of the loss on buying by packers. May pork
. closed sc lower. May lard and May ribs a shade
j depressed from yesterday.
I The leading futures ranged as follows:.'
CHICAGO, Jan. 11— Wheat experienced a
quiet day and restricted trade. Uny opened
U@*t»c higher at Ti^iiTi^e. because Liverpool
I failed to entirely reflect the decline here yes
1 terday. . Large receipts and expectations of a
j visible increase and big world's shipments
j pressed the market down to 77@77%c during
I the first hour. A rally followed the report that
t.early all the Minneapolis flour mills would
reopen Monday. May Jumped sharply to 77%o
and closed firm at thlt price. He over yesterday.
Local receipts were eighty-seven cars, one of
contract grade. Minneapolis and Duluth re
ported 331 cars, against 310 last week and 354
a year ago.
: characteristic* which have so frequently re
; cently caused wide and excited fluctuations in
j some stock or group of stocks, which were af
| fected by some important development or a ru-«
roor of some development. To-day it was the j
local traction rroup. ltd by Manhattan. The j
erratic fluctuations of this stock made it evi- 1
I dent that the violence of the moment was In |
j !arge part due to the existence of a large short j
! interest, which manifested acute distress on I
1 the advance, which carried the stock up 9H
? points, with a subsequent relapse of a points.
I The sudden advance In the locai tractions was j
I taken advantage of for very heavy realizing 1
I all through the list, and when Manhattan Useir I
j save way. the whole market broke rathtr
I sharply, with the result that the closing waa
i deciaedly weak and with net losses predom-
I inatlrg over gams. The early market was j
strong and anirsated under the continuing in- 1
: fluence of the advance in the Delaware and j
, Hudson dividend and the larje and cor.cen- •
1 trate<i buying in that stock and others of th* j
i anthracite group. Ontario and Western opened 1
, wiae with rO.wO sharts selling at 33 to i5 l j. J
; This latter was the top price. After the real
i ixins movement, lp.vU»»d by the opening ad- f
! ranee, the bulls ra'.lled the market and brought
i forward ntw points of strength. The coalers, j
j Union Paclflc, Baltimore and Ohio, the Gran- j
gers. Tin Plate and a number of low-priced
I railroad stocks had periods of strength. Mir.ne
j Eota and St. Louis Jumped 3 and the preferred ¦
€•. points. - In the late realising movement the I
; steel Etocks developed special weakness oa the j
fears ot a war of competition between the I
I great powers In the trade. ;
National Tube and Steel and Wire each |
i -broke Zh,. The reaction in Delaware and Hud- j
j son wa« 5V National Lead dropped 6»» and ;
j American Express sold at a decline of 16 points ;
; from the last preceding sale, lt Is practically 1
I assured that -the next week will tee the be- j
> ginning of gold exports, and experts estimate j
i that tne movement will reach from 1 15.030. 000 ;
to $20,y(tf.000. It was asserted in Wait street i
I to-day that arrangement* had already been
i made for -shipment of a considerable amount I
j en next Wednesday's steamer. :
) The business in stocks the past week has
1 all previous records. Following the. ¦
I unprecedented trade of Friday and Saturday !
I of last week, which reached the highest re- [
j cor£s for a full day's uading, and a Saturday
I hilf -holiday, the aggregate sale* . on Monday i
I wtre. lifted well above the I.OOO.OOi) share lev<«l j
! f-jf-tht first time in the history of the Sew t
r York Stock Exchnaje. Unlike the great bull I
market of two years ago, In which the newly- j
fledged industrial stocks made the bulk of the
trading, the present market is distinctly one !
of railroad stocks, and the Industrials play
an insipniflcant part. The Immediate lmpcll- I
Ing cause of the rise Is the growth of the j
"community of interests" policy among the i
railroads. The purchase of the Central Coal j
Company for the Erie, the purchase of the
Central Railroad of New Jersey for the Read-
Ing .the appearance in the Erie directorate In
community of control of interests that have
been rivals In the railroad field in the North
west, the acquirement of -St. Paul stock by;
J.- J. Hill, cf the Gr^at Northern, are the
concrete fact* from which is Inferred a general
adoption of this policy among railroad Inter
ests. Countless rumors have circulated of
other plans in process of execution, but these
are the -only well authenticated developments.
The Importance of this development as the laat
or the latest step In the rehabilitation of the '
railrpads cf the country by Insuring mainten
ance of freight rates can only be understood
by a comparison of conditions In the railroads '
with those of a few? years aso. T/hen there was :
& pretty general condition of bankruptcy ana
problem presented was complex and formida
ble. Bonded Indebtedness waa unwieldy, both ¦
by reason of unscrupulous Inflation of capital [
issued and the hl«ch cost of construction and j
material In the early periods. The construction j
was so flimsy In many cases as to keep the '
annual cost of maintenance and repair up to
a high level of expenditure. Rut* wars reach-
Ing the point of extermination bad brought the
level of freight rates down to an unprofitable
level and the structure and equipment of rail
roads made them inefficient instruments for
cheap transportation. Even the growth of
freight business attracted by the low freight
charges, therefore, co-aid not be. taken ad
vantage Of.
It Is In it* bearing on this obstinate problem
of railroad rehabilitation that the new policy
of "community of Interests" has great Im
portance. An Increase of one-tenth of 1 cent
In the average rharge for transportation of a
ton of freight one mile would incr»a*» railroad
earnings In the conr.tr>- many millions cf dol-
Isrs every year. This is a sufficient Indication
of the advantages to railroad stockholders cf
doing away with rate cutting »nd rebates,
which Is believed to be assured by the trans
fuslcn of inttrestx among the competing and
connecting railroad lire*. But the fact of
speculative Inflation followed by reaction does
not alter the Impressive Improvement In con
ditions which have proved the incentive for
the speculation.
The demand for bonds ba« been large but by
no means commensurate with stocks. a« their
level of valoe has been more accurately known
by reason cf the fixed Interest return. Unite-l
States 2s refunding advanced H P«r cent over
the call price of a week ago.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
FT-.area Closing
Sold. FtfK**— Did.
14.900 Atchlnon 45S
U.aon Atehlson prefd S«H
16.100 Baltimore & Ohio S2«4
Canadian Pacific 90
l.OT-0 Canada Pouthero E*%
B.ooo Chesapeake & Ohio 41
E.W0 Chicago Or»at We«t*rn — 1S"4
16.7DO Chlcaro Burlington & Qulncy 14$«4
Chicaro Ind * Lou1«vt1l» 2514
1.200 Chicago Ind & Loulsvll'.e prefd V>«4
2«) Chicago * Eastern Illinois SS
4.W Ch!caso ft Northwestern 174M
«.K/> Chlcaro n»ck Island & Pacific 125%
• l.«l« C. C C & Pt Louis 77H
l.Sffl Onlomdo Southern .'.. 8
ym Colorado Southern l»t prefd....; 43%4
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd :.... 17H
1S.KM Delaware & Hudson 15*K
200 Delaware Lock A Wentr^n 1»7>4
2.9fA Denver & Rio Grande. :3 31%
2<*» Denver & Rio Grande prefd..... 84
I2.1OT- Erie 29
1«.&CO Erie 1st prefd.. «-M
3.210 Oreat Northern prefd 1WS
Hocking foal IS
4.1W Hocklnp Vallev 44ti
Illinois Central .'.'... .".... .153
2<W Iowa Central 243*
500 Iowa Central rr#-M W^
Lake Krle * ¦Western 42^
. ..... Lake Erie & Western prefd :... U
Lake Shore ..23» •
6W .Louisville * Nashville '. M
irr..7OO Manhattan L / 121«4
£7 VA Metropolitan Street Railway 170%
39.XM Mexican Central 15
4,2«> Minneapolis & ft I<>uls.: .....70,
B.y*) Minneapolis & £t Louis prefd .JfS
2ZS'*t Missouri Pacific S4*4
VA Mobile & Ohio 47H
1*00 Missouri .Kansas b. Texas..: \i%
1S.2O Missouri Kansas &- Texa* prefd — 4«4
l.f<V) New Jersey Central ,.IS7 ,
S.»00 New York Central 1«H
2?,6«» Norfolk & Western .....r. 4t%
iw> Norfolk & Western prefd....:...;... S3H
22,410 Northern Pacific S4
1.900 Northern Pacific prefd S7H
! 115.S00 Ontario A Western.. 31V4
Oregcn Railway A Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 7» •
8.600 Pennsylvania .......;......« ..I4>H
TS.OftO Readlrx .'..:.. SStf
1S.0O0 Reading 1st prefd...... 37^
8.400 Reading 2d prefd..,. .:.,'. 45-
Rto Orande Western. ..; (i
Rio Grande Western prefd 92
B;4fl« Pt Louis A. Pan Fran 25^
100 Et Louis & 8aa T*ran 1st prvffl...... U ¦'.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— To-day will go down
in Wall street as one of the record days which
have become so frequent of late. Speculative
sentiment took on the nervous,
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago GraiiCMarkct.
• The fta.tea:<r.t of ca«h in the United States
Tr»aeary for January 1 1» claselfled aa follows:
lieserv* F>ind —
Geld coin and bars $130,000,000
Trust Fund- «-—«.-.
Geld coin -••• 253.O.37*
NiWMIm 427.42.5.00*
fc!!»-er doliars ct 1S?G 4.45P.CS2
Silver bars of 1W) £6,1<37.J1S
Ur.HH Ftates notes l.£€0.«)0
General Fund—
Gol4 coin and bars «5..19.R.l
Gold oerttflcat«« S0.*41.4S0
BllT<»r c«»rtlftcate« £.f2*.a.'7
Silver dollars 1.W.U2
Silver bullion S.M1.7f$
Vnited State* notes 10.o33.S21
Trearury n"t»« of 1W0 !M.b41
Currency certtflcates 30.000
ICarlonai bank notes '.ViZMi
Fractional sliver coin 4,446.008
Fractional currency " Ul
Minor eoln 44S.MI
Miscellaneous 449.S19
National Bank Depositories —
Credit Treasurer U. 6 f?.9 f «,745
Credit U. S. Dlsb. Officers 6.7W.948
Total I1.131.2TL552
Weather Report.
<T2«th Meridian— Padne Time.)
BA>" FRANCISCO. Jan. 12—5 p. m.
Tfce foOowiBJ are the eeasoaal rainfalls to
fiat* as compared with those cf eatne date
!a*t •ea*on. aad »*lnfall« In la«t twenty-four
fciurt: -• r -¦¦•¦-¦
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
E2; minimum, 44; mean. 4S.
VEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A stcna cf some enercy o^-erllew Washington
and Northern Oregon. It ts -well inland and
will probat-ly pas« over Idaho asid Montanaa.
The pressure continues, however, to fall along
the coart frcm the mouth of the Cotumbla
Htver to Op» Blanco. It has risen ever North
ern . CalJf ornla.
It Is much wnr»r over the entire country
men cf the Rocky Mountain*.
Ac(vr<!lr.f to a treasury statement the, money
1= circulation In the United States en January
1 m&s as fellows?
Gold «-Mn S62a.lS2.S78
a-.'.w-T dollars 7i,iS2.3rS
Baal] silver SJ.12J.453
Oold certificates 232.7S7.9U
etlver certiflcatee 4^.399.443
Treasury «vote« tl.2in.150
T'r.tted Ftate* nctes 234,£?7.4?5
Currency certificates l.itfi.Wi
UntiOBU bank notes 2S2.1SS.i28
Trtal - -S2.173.25l.RT3
13 1«« 1.8«),m.l70
lEcreaw J1K.SM.703
There was a net Increase of 54.490.000 In gold
cc!n In circulation lart month. 12.800.000 In
ftanoard dollars. tl.40«.OOC> in small silver and
r : .«».<Ju0 In National Baxk notes. The per
<i;ita cf circulation on the 1st was $2S.D.
<.;'-¦-* '- $25.73 a year ajro.
The Xatidnal Cashbox.
Bank Clearings.
The locsJ bank clearings for the past v**k
w»re J^.54?.44l. agalcst $17,^3,423 for the sasie
»e«k. iaft jear.
Foreign Exports.
Fcrelra experts Trem this prrt in 15*0 were
J4~UTJ,490. acaisrt $3J.7ei.00G durir.g 1»9, the
'eaillng amounts being as fo:!ows: To Great
Britain. $lJ.S74.sno ; Atlantic r^rts. 12.831.750;
China. J4. •'«.''-¦; Japan. JS^IS.S'*); Australia,
*2.r00.Pfi; Britlish Cr>lurr.b;s, S1.023.U 1 *; Mexico, j
$1,676,450; Central Arcpri^s, ll.O.oC): South :
America, tl.lV.ono; Hawaiian Islands isix j
xrsontfci>, J5.7tl.700. ¦
Coin Certificates.
Tfce Government roln r-*rt!firat<»s ia clrcula
tion December Cl »-ere as follows:
1*?S. 1900.
Ooia nc1.ts.7n $^j.7S7.rw
Eiiver 3Si.OW,?16 422.3i9.W
Treasury f5.S3«.l"l « 1.230. 153 !
Tcrsi ttO.4tt.ttl J715.ll7.4Jl ,
Coinage of the Mints.
Tfce cninar* of th» diS>rent United States j
M:rts f?r tfce calendar y«ar cf 190<j was as fol- '
lows:
Double eagief $5*.?«1.CS1
Eagles J 3.749.600
Half eagles K.672.6J0
Quarter • -.;. «« 1€*.«12
Standard drllar* t4.?60.»12
Half dollars 5.C.-3.617
Cyarter dollars 3.f£i>"74
T)'.Tate 2.477.J1S
nve cents 1.S62.79*
C*nt» €55,337
Totat. BOB tlS7.539.rJl
Total. 1S3J 12S.2U.^)2
Dried Fruit in Xczv York.
Mall ai*>ices frcm ?tew Ycfk say:
"The f.rst w<Kk cf th» new year brought
about very IlTtle chalet In th« local market
fcr dried fruits and nuts. Trade continues
quiet and without feature. Loose raisins are
is almost r.o demand. Some roods of pocr
cualiiy are ofTercd as lew as £i^c and 5*»c for
2-crrwn and 3-cro»rn. respectively, but (rood
Quality is held £t about '*c higher. Layers are
<!u!l aid easier. Seeded are e«*» and Uttle
wanted. Pruf.et are liffJess. There Is a little
in<juir> - for arncot* from the Jobbing trade;
also a better inquir>" fcr unpeejed peaches in
lt.es. chiefly frcm Southern points. Currarits
an quiet at l«5t <juotarions. Evaporated apples !
ere higher, the tr>arket r-;i.T»r.ine decidedly at i
th» close Of the week under short ojverins-. I
Ptlee of e«»»eral oars of prime were reported '
at 6e ar.d .'¦-.'. and some business was done
¦_• a tnr.a'.l way at SVic- Pecans are higher.
v:rt cottl an active ln<;ulr>'."
The Circulation.
Forecast Official.
I Pan Francisco and vicinity— Light showers
I Sunday; fresh southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
¦ Storage— California fancy. — — ; standard, — — •
Eastern fancy. 21c; standard, , ; eeconda.
Keg— Uc per lb.
.. CHEESE— Fancy. . full cream, 12c; choice,
104c :• common. - nominal ;. Young- Americas.
12c; Easterp, full cream. 159164c per lb.
S.GGS— .;.. /¦-'"'¦ : ' - - - '. ¦-'-¦'¦:¦ ' ¦
California ranch— Selected white, tfc; mixed
colors. «c per. dozen. :
• California , gathered— Selected. We; standard,
I2c: aeconds. .- — > ? ¦.:•¦¦¦ ¦ . - - ¦
« Fresh 1 Eaatern— Fancy, ; T standard. . — -;
seconds, ; — — * - : - -¦-.•¦' ' •¦ .¦¦>-¦-¦., '•¦.. . i- . ~ - :
» Mcst descriptions of Butter ' are lower, and
the' market is oversupplted and dull at the de
cline.
-Cheese continues weak, .with lower prices for
Young Americas...
Another general decline in Eggs is noted.
Receipts are in excess of the demand. ' ' ' ¦
¦Receipts ai> reported, by the Dairy Exchange
were 34,600 tba Butter. 4!5 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs. 4300 lbs Cali
fornia* Cheese - and lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— • v
Creamery— Extras. 22c; firsts, 19c; seconds,
Vc-y- - ' " ¦ ' ' ¦-•->-¦;--¦-
Dairy— Extras, 18c; firsts, 16c; seconds, 15c;
rtore,12Hc. ' - .
•• Storage— Creamery extras. 20c; firsts, 18c;
seconds. - — ; dairy extras. .
Fickle— 18e per lb. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10*5 124e for Gob
blers and 12#13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
14i*rl6c; Goese. per pair. $1 75<62: Goslings, SI 75
fit: Ducks," $4!§S for old and $5Q6 for young;
Hen», $4 60#«; Young . Roosters. $535 SO; Old
Rooster*. $4f?4 M; Fryers,' $5<?S 50: Broilers.
U 50&5 for large and $3 50<@4 for small: Pigeons,
Jlfit 25 per dozen for old and SI 50-82 25 for
"GAM^-Quail. $1 2531 75 for Valley and $2 50
for Mountain: Mallard, $«<Q5 50: Canvasback.
$3«l SO; Sprig. »3(ff4: Teal. $2 50«3 SO: Wldpeon,
?2@2 SO; Small Duck, $1 2"»f;l i": Black Jack.
$1 S(*B2: Gray Geese. HGZ V): White Geese, tl
«J1 75; Brant. $1 C0fl2 for small and $2 50 for
large; Honkers. $38.4 50; English Snipe, $150
«2; Jack Snipe, $101 50; Hare. $1 25@1 50; Rab
bits. $1 SO for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Doves, 75c .per dozen.
: Arrivals of Game were 150 sacks, but the de
mand was very good and most descriptions
kept up.
One car of Eastern Poultry came In. mak
ing seven for the week. The market was dull,
with a decline. in young Roosters.
Poultry and Game.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
lower, but New York showed no particular
change.
Chicago was fairly steady, with Armour a
moderate buyer at the opening. The crowd was
bearish. Counselman & Day bought a little,
and (there was free buying of March for Eu
ropean account.
Primary receipts for the week were 3. 611,000
bushels, against J.222,000 for the same week laat
year. Australian shipments were 344.000 bush
els, against 144.000 for, the preceding week. Th«
world's shipments for the week will exceed
8.000,000 bushels mainly owing to heavy Amer
ican clearances*
The local market was weaker and very dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1; milling. $1 0243
1 05 per ctl. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
40CO ctls, $1 094-
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The situation remains unchanged,
the market being neglected.
Feed. 75c' for choice bright. 73^c for
No- 1 and 70#724c for oft grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades. S0©S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No salea.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Were dull and unchanged.
White, fl S^gl 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
*1 25*91 40- for Feed and Jl 85®1 45 for Seed;
Gray. nomlnM; Black, for Feed, $1 17VJQ1 20;
for "Seed, !1 2531 30 per ctl.
CORN-Yellow, $1 124fl 15: White. $1 10®
1 15: Eastern mixed, ti 124 per ctl.
BYE— 85®S74c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 SS per ctl.
Flour and Millsiuffs. '[
FLOCR— California Family Extras. I*" *5©
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1563 25;
Oregon. $3 75fll 85 per barrel for family and
*2 7533 for •bakers'; Washington, bakers'. {2 75
©3. ¦ - ¦¦ ¦ - - '
MILLSTCFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows, usval discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $J per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 <5;
extra' cream do. {3 B0: Oat Groats. $4 50: Horn
1 lny $3 Mtt3 75: Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat, ti 60; Fartna. {4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®
7 26; in sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; "Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is firm, while Hay is steady. Corn pro
ducts are weak.
BRAN-P* 60®15 BO per ton.
, MIDDLINGS— $15 50©lS 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16317 per
ton: Oilcake Meal nt the mill. I25Q26: Jobbing.
$26 53; Cocoanut Cake. S17@1S: Corn Meal, li'.S
25 50; Cracked Corn. $2S Zyg-X; Mixed Feed,
$15016.
HAY- Volunteer. $5$8; Wheat. $11©1J 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10012 50: Oat. $3312; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. $S@9 50; Barley. $7 50<89 50
per ton. . ,
STRAW— 35©474c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. n
Beans continue quiet' and quotations have not
changed for some days/
BEANS-Baycs. U 60£2 TO; Small White.
$4 50&4 R!S; Large White. $3 R5@3 80: Pink. $2 20
02 35; Red. $2 7S©3: Blackeye. S3: Lima*. $5 SO
M5 65: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney. $3 7534 per ctl. •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;. Flax. $2 5Og3: Canary.
r*WS\c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 74694c; Rape.
2®24c: Hemp. 34Sl*ic: Timothy. 64c
DRIED PEASt-Nlles, $2©2 50; Green, $2 70
g3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Burbanks are quoted firmer. Onions
are steady at the recent advance. Vegetables
continue high and firm, except Peas, which are
In better supply.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65S75c; River Reds.
SOc@$U" Burbanks. 40<565c for River and 85c@
$1 15 per ctl for Salinas and 75c9$l for Oregon;
Sweets. 4"J@Me for Rivers and SOcgll for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— $1 85453 15 per ctl; Cut Onions, Jl®
I 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Pea*. 5£7c per lb:
String Beans. SJ?15c: Cabbage. 90c; Toma
toes, Los Angeles. 75cf?!2 per crate; Ester Plant.
Los Angeles. 124«fl74c per lb; Green Peppers.
Los Angeles, «#8c per lb for Chile and 124gl5c
for Bell; Dried Peppers. Sfillc; Dried Okra, 10
*>I5c per lb: Carro'«. K®35c per box; Hotho'iso
Cucumbers. St 25'01 5 1 ) per dozen: Summer
Squash, ti per box; Garlic, 4>; per 1b; Marrow
fat Squash. $12® 20 per ton; Mushrooms, io^2)c
per lb.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 54
Sterling Exchange, 'sight .- — «R
Sterling Cables — 4 S3
New York Exchange, alght — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 634
Mexican Dollars," nominal 604 JO 51
Exchange and Bullion.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
~~~~ — ., j
Exchange and Silver uncJianged. |)
Weekly bank clearings gain over last year. j
W heat loti-er and dull. Barley neglected.
Oats, Com and Rye inactive at previous prices.
Brans quiet again, but firmly held.
Bran firm and Hay easy at the familiar prices.
Seme changes in Potatoes and Vegetables. Onions steady.
Another car of Eastern Poultry in. Game sells ivcll. .
Three or four cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrozv.
AH kinds of Dried Fruit neglected and nominal. . 'J.
No further variation in Provisions.
Hogs adz'cuicing again under scarcity.
Increased exports foreign front this port.
The markets here were quiet and chterful
to-day. Most of^the activity was in Ameri
cans, which were bought steadily here, par
ticularly Ontario and Western and Denver and
Rio Grande. Berlin bought Northern Pacific
freely also, and there . were numerous general
buying orders on • New York account. It Is
said here that Union Pacific will Increase its
dividend • In April. The bank received £20.000
gold from Australia.
CLOSING.. «
LONDON, Jan. 12.— Atchlson, 47%; Canadian
Pacific. 93'4: Union Pacific preferred. 864;
Northern . Pacific preferred, 504: Grand Trunk
~H: Anaconda. 9%; Rand mines.' SS%; bar sil
ver steady. . 2»V»d per ounce.
Condition 'of tlie Treasury. ~
. *. WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. — To-day'a statement
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertlefr's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW YORK. J,an. 12.— Th« Financier says:
The New York Clearing-house banks added $11.
64S.500 to th*lr cash holdings lact week, and as
Increased reserve requirements called for only a
little over J3,500,C0O the surplus rose $8,031,973,
standing at $22 > 2P?,C.'O. which flrure is the high
est ilnce September 1 laft. prior to the beginning
of the crop movement. The gain in cash was
much larger than expected, but the source of
expansion can be traced directly to interior
remittances and receipts from the sub-terasury
en current operations. As the curr-nts of *up
rly now under way are likely to flow in this
direction for some time the inference -is that
the jurplus will be added to during the'comlnr
week*. The one poe.«lble cau!«e for a depletion
of excess reserve lies In the probability of gold
exports, but it would require a considerable
movement to- counteract the gains which the
banks are now making. Whether gold will
gr cut Is a question, but the chances at pres
t-nt are in favor of experts.' The movement
of money now is almost identical with the
opening of lust year, when the surplus reserve
of about |12,000.f«0 reported during the first
r.f <>k of January rose to nearly S3J.O0O.0O0 at
the close of the month. Between January and
the second week in March, however, there was
a fall in surplus of $25.«fl,C0a A puzzling
feature of the statement <s the slowness with
trhlch loans are rwpondlnr to the great vol
nm* of business of the Stock Exchange. The
probabilities are that an extensive lllkldation
liaii been in process or that the trust corapa
rle* have been handling a larger volume of
business than they have been given credit for.
The expansion of $14,3$6.UO In deposits comes
frr the most part through receipts of cash.
1 he revelation of the strong position of the
New York banks under natural clndltions will
Lave a temporary effect on the money market,
although present rates are remarkably easy.
It is not likely this will check the tendency
of Interior funds to flow East, as similar con
ditions In past years have had little Influence
In thin direction.
The weekly statement of averages of the As
eoclated Banks shows:
Loans. U08.032.4C0; Increase. .' $4,042,800. De
pcrits $?S5.*38,200: increas*. $14,88«,10O. Clrcu-
Ution. 130,970.900; decrease. Sll,*». Legal
ttnders, $70,674,600; increase, $3,414,800. Specie.
$172,961,500: increase, $8,133,700. Total reserve,
$24S.£3«,10O: Increase, $11,643,500. Reserve re
quired. $221.3.14.050; Increase. S3.5f6.E25. Surplus
reserve. f22.2C2.050; Increase, 88,051,976.
Associated Banks' Statement.
i"5S2 I 1 V 0 " 1 " & San Fran 2d prefd...... 67>S
*™ ft Louis Southwestern.... 22H
iiMO It pK!" P«« JO*
M0 St Paul prefd 111711111111 "II" **1S9%
•-••" St Paul & Omaha 134
25.400 Southern Pacific 43
(.200 Southern Railway Jiw
li'SS e ° utn *m Railway prefd ; 72*4
"•f^ Texas & Pacific. 2g£
S3.40O Union Pacific wl
3.W0 Union Pacific prefd 8« l i
3.3<tO Wabash lJv*
•• *22 S'" 6 ** 11 f nti .7.7.7." 27ii
J-^$ Wheeling & Lake -Erie.:...- 12<*
'?aS Si^elm* & L * 5le Erie 2d P r « M ni >i.
100 Wisconsin Central T. 15
• . ; .... Third Avenue ; 122
o.0.)0 Baltimore & Ohio prfed 8CV
5.2<5 National Tube 5514
1.S00 National Tube prefd 93
Express Companies—
Adams us
8"0 American 172
United States 58
Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton OH 30
••00 American Cotton Oil prefd M
American Malting , ....: 4*1
American Malting prefd 2«
6,300 American Smelting & Ref «0'i
W0 American Smelting: & Ref prefd 97^
American Spirits 2*4
....... American Spirits prefd 17
2,«0 American Steel Hoop 2S^
100 American fkeel Hoop prefd.. 75H
16,100 American Steel & Wire 4OV4
2,3*"O American Steel & Wire prefd........ 87
9.S00 American Tin Plate 62
300 American Tin Plate prefd M4
6,300 American Tobacco 114%
American Tobacco prefd 140
100 Anaconda Mining Co 47
5S..VO Brooklyn Rapid Transit S«9i
1.W0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 524
6,200 Continental Tobacco 43**
Continental Tobacco prefd 95
5,4m Federal Steel 544
SCO Federal Steel prefd.. 75
. 1M General Electric 153
SCO Glucose Sugar ." r. 4«Yj
Glucose 'Sugar prefd 4 94
300 International Paper 234
2M International Paper prefd 72V»
Laclede Gas 72
500 National Biscuit *Hi
... National Biscuit prefd 92
!<V> National Lead 17V4
l.om National Lead prefd 834
5,000 National Steel 33»i
National Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 154
l.SCO North American »«
£00 PaciHc Coast M» A
Pacific Coast in prefd 92
4C0 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67};
Pacific Mall 40
e.IM People"s Gas 103
2,200 Pressed Steel Car 43
500 Pressed Steel Car prefd 79
200 Pullman Palace Car 199
1.CP0 Standard Rope & Twine 4U
10.SCO Sugar ig a v«
Sugar prefd us
2,400 Tennessee Coal A Iron.. 55«-i
S.600 United States Leather 13
1.0C0 United States Leather prefd.. 75*;
600 United States Rubber 21H
200 United States Rubber prefd 624
«€0 Western Union gs*,
1.500 Amalgamated Copper 911.
:-00 Republic Iron & Steel Co 15
SCO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 61
P C C & St Louis.........;. 59;i
1,009.200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref rer lC5«ijN T Cent Utl 10SH
Do coup lCSVt N J Cent zen 5s. .128V
Do 3s reg 109> a Northern Pac 3s... 704
Do 3s coup... 119 Do 4s 104 T ,
Do new 4s rer. ...1374 N* T C & S L 4s.. 1084
Do nrw 4s eoup..l37VN & W con 4s 100
Do old 4s rer 114. Or Nav lsts 103
Do old 4s coup. ..114 Do 4s ; . 103»i
Do 5s -res- 112 Or Short Line 63..12SH
Do 5s coup 112 Do con 5e.'. :.1164
Dls of Col 3.65s. ...125 Reading Gen 4s... 944
Atchlson pen 4S....102VR G W Uts 99
Do adj 4s 89 S L & I M con 5s. .1144
Canada Sou 2ds.-..109?i! S L & S F Gen 6s. 128
Ches & Ohio 4US--W44' St Paul con H6
Do bt 120 jst PC & P lsts. .118
C &.N Con 7s 13?*i! Do 6s 120
Do S F Deb 5s. ..123 iSouthern Pac 4s.... 84»i
Chic Terms 4s ft! Southern Ry as 1124
Colorado Sou 4s So Stand R A. T 6s... 70
D & R G 4s lW)5i Tex * Pac lets llo^i
Erie Gen 4a $4\ Do 2da 95
F W & D C lFtB... 814 Union Pac 4«......105 T /4
General Elec 5s....l*> . j Wabash lsts 1184
Iowa. Cent lst» 115ut Do 2ds 1094
L & X fnl 4s 1001^! West Shore 4s 1144
M K. & T Sds 7*4. Wls Cent 4s 854
Do 4s. 9$ Va Centuries ...... 9«%
. MINING STOCKS. , % r
Adams Con 23jLtttle Chief .;'. 1*
Alice 45 Ontario 6 00
Greece 2 00|Ophtr SS
Brunswick Con ... 23 j Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... Oj|Poto»l 15
ConCal & Va....:.2 or.|Savare 15
Dead wood Terra .. 55; Sierra Nevada .... 25
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes «5
Iron Silver 40 Standard .....4 10
Lead vine Con W
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Pacific 87
Call loans 4Q-44 Union Land 2
Time loans 4S44 \Ve« End S24
Stocks- " IWestlnrh Elec ...66
A T & St Fe 4*% I Bonds-
Do prefd S7 Atchlson 4g 1014"
Amer Sugar ......138 j Mining Shares —
Do prefd 117»i; Adventure 10
Bell Tel 153 j Blngham 15*
Boston & Albany.. 253" lAmal C6pper 92
Boston El 15PH|At!antlc :... 27H
Boston & Maine ..!!T. (Boston & Mont ...317
Chi Bur & Q 14€4;Butte & Boston ... 81%
Dominion Coal 47 I Calumet & Hecla..S35
Do prefd 108 Centennial ....I.... 2M4
Federal Steel 544! Franklin IS
Do prefd 75li ¦ Humboldt 50
Fltchbur* prefd 139 'Osceola 83
Gen Electric lS34JParrott 49
Do prefd 160 Qulncy 177
Ed Elec 111 220 1 Santa Fe Copper .. ev§
Mexican Cent 15 {Tamarack ....SSO
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 'Utah Mining 334
Old Colony 2t>« IWinona . 5H
Old Dominion SITi Wolverines 43
Rubber 21
The market for evaporated apples ruled slow,
but was firmly held. State common, Z\<§A%c;
prime. 5#5%c: choice. 6^@6e; fancy, Wic.
* California dried fruits, quiet at unchanged
prices.
FRUNES— 3ViS8Hc per pound, as to size and
APRICOTS— Royal. 7«4@12c; Moorpark. 8*6
8 He.
PEACHES-Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 6%S10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
r New York Grain and Produce.
¦ NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17.170; exoorta, 8SW; slow. Winter patents.
II 7033 SO; do straights, 13 45g3 60: do extras.
$2 y*?2 SO; do low grades, J2 45©2 60;. Minne
sota patents, ?4 V.-Fti 2Z; do bakers'. $3713 35.*
WHEAT— Receipts, 22,500 bushels: exports.
S1.770 bushels; spot, dull. No v 2 .red. Sl\e I.
o. . b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%ic Elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S6^4c afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth. 91c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady
on a little demand from shorts, but -were soor.
weakened by scattered long selllnr. easy cablefa
and predictions of bearish statistics on Monday.
The market finally rallied a trifle on covering
and closed steady. He decline. .January closed
81Hc: May closed S2c. •
HIDES— Firm. Galveeton, 1«%{?13c: Califor
nia, 19c: Texas dry. 15e. - •
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece. 24ff56c; Texas.
lS(?17c. •
HOPS — Steady. State to common choice, 16
«g21c; P«ctflc Coast. 19W crop. 15<gl9c.
COFFEE— Futures closed weak; total sales,
15.250 bags. Including: . February. M OS: March.
15 75; June. $5 SO; September, $5 30." Spot cof
fee—Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice. 7Vic; mild, quiet:
Cordova. 8«tir-Sc.
SUGAR— Raw. stead}-. • Fair reflninr, S"4c:
centrifugal. 8f test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3Hc
Reflned. eteady; standard A. 5.40c; confec
tioners' A. 5.10c; mold A. 5.45c: cut loaf, 6.10c;
crushed, 6.10c: powdered, 5.7'V:: granulated,
S.CCc: cubes, 5.!Sc.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2S31 packages; easy.
Creamery. 16<&22e; June creamery, 13<3204e:
factorj'. 11^14c.
KGGS*— Receipts. 3740 packages; easy. West
ern average packed, at mark, UQSOc; Western,
losa off, 21c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. 12.-12 m.
V- UNITED STATES* BONDS.
Bid. Ask. J- • Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 114 115 4s do'cp fq°w)i37< 3 usii
4s do res 11* 115 to 'do coup.. ..110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co FCo5s.l04V— • |Oak Water Ss.lOl 10J
Cal-st Cab 8s. 11* — 'Oceanic S S Ss.lOSHlW '
C C Water 69.106^ — Om C Ry 6s.. — 123
E.I L & P <s..l31 123 Pac G Imp 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 6S.U1H — P & O Ry «s.lO5 —
Gearv-st R 8s. — — P & O R R 6s. — —
H C & S SHs. — — I'owell-st R 6s. US —
Do 5s 104 — SaeEGARJs. — 90
L A Ry 59...111H — * S F & 8JV 5s.l20ii —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal «s.U0 —
.JDo gntd 6s.. — — S P Rof A 6S.110H —
Do 5s — — S P C Cs (1905.
LA P R R Cs.100 — Series A) ...1»H —
Market-st 8s. .1M — Do (Series B)110Vi —
Do 1st M 5«.12l*;i22»i Do <19CS) ...112 112%
NC.NGR7S. — 113 Do (1312) ...12BM —
N R of Cal 63.112 113 9 P R 1st « Ss.107 10SH
.-.Do 5a.. 120 — S P B R C 6s.l31<4 —
NPCRR «a.l01H — 3 V Water e«..114H —
Do 5s ....10«\i — Do 4s 1M
N Cal Ry 5S..U0V4 — "Do !d mtge. — - 102
O G L ft H 5s. — 1UH Stktn Gas 6s.. 103 —
Oak Tran «s.. — 117
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71 I Spring Valley. 93% 93
Marin County. 51H — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pac L Co.... «4 «u
Eqult G L Co. 2»i — Sae E PAR Co — —
Mutual El Co- 7 » S F G & E 4SH «*i
O G L & H.... 43*4.50 . . San Francisco. 4"£ «j
Pac Gas Imp. 43?i — Stktn O & E. — 14
INSURANCE - STOCKS^ ..
Flrem's Fund.t30 235 1 1
BANK STOCKS.'.;
Anglo-Cal Ltd 78 — Lon.P & A.... U1 —
Bank of Cal..— '413 Merchants' Ex IS —
Cal S D & T..104 — 3 F Nat Bank.12) —
First Natlonl.310 — ,. - •
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S-a^L.:.. — 1840^ Sav & L So.. — . —
Hura-S & L,."— — Sec Sjiv Bk.'.2T5 —
Mut-Sav Bk.. 60 — ¦ Union -T Co... — —
S F Sav U..510 — "
STREET. RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....134 140" [OS L & H...'. *) — '
Geary-st.. 45 — {Presidio — 20
Market-st ....: .69 ffliil, .¦¦/,: .._
STOCK MARKET.
j On the Stock and Bond Excnange there was
a fair business, with an advance in Gas and
Electric at S45 f.2i,§ 15 50. Otherwise there was
nathing new.
A good business for Saturday was done on
the Oil Exchange, with higher prices for most
of the favorites. The declaration of a dividend
of 10c. payable on the 20th. advanced the price
of San Joaquin from tit 73 to 113 73. An as
sessment of 10c on Caribou, delinquent Feb
ruary 12. was announced, but It had already
been discounted and the stock was firmer
at 55c.
Alaska Packers was ex-dividend of 73c.
Flour, qr *ks 22,753 Hops, bales 13
Wheat, ctls 123.064 Wool, bales 19
Barley. Ctls... 44.490 Wine, gals 57.800
Oats,, ctls ' 430 Leather, rolls.... 134
Beans, sks. ....... 1.322 Hides, No ' 153
Potatoes, fks (.200; Pelts, hdls.. 13
Bran. *ks 1.154 Raisins, bxs 10
Middling!., sks... 555'Chlcory. bbls 25
Hay. tons 4«; Quicksilver, flsks 8»
Straw, tons....... 20; Tallow, ctls 2W
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY '13.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— Ean Quentin Bags, 15 C; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6Hc; Wool Bars,
2Stt@32^c; Fleece Twine. 7Hc. ¦
COAL— Wellington. %i per ¦ ton: Souihfleld
Welhnrton. (9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. IT: Com
Bay. tS 50: Wansend. *9; Co-operative Walls
end. 19; Cumberland, m In bulk and S13 V, In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Erg, %U: Can
nel, $10 n*r ton: Coke. J13 per ton In bulk and
flS In sacks; Rocky Muontaln descriptions, JS 45
per 2000 lbs and $3 SO per ton. according to
RFcE-ChSr.a mixed. $4 20S>4 23: No. 1. |4 70©
4 S5; extra, f&g6 50; Japanese, U 95S5 SO; Louis
iana. $4^€ 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
SALMON — Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red. Jl 20; medium do. *1 10; pink. »e:
Columbia River, Chinook, Jl 75 for tails and
SI SS for flats; barreled Salmon. 110 for Alaska
barrels and S3 50 for half-barrels. •
SUGAR— The Weetem Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered, ».S3c; Candy Gran
ulated. S.80c; Dry Granulated. &75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Magnolia A, $.35c; Extra C.
5.23c; Golden C. 5.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrets, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: SO-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for leas than 72
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.73c per. lb.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— lMJllc per lb: spring. 12m?13c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 5T«c for small and S T *c for
medium and aHCS^c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5US5%c; dressed Hogs. 7«i8S}ic .•
BEEF— 7©sc for titeera und 637c per lb for
Cows.
VEAI>-L»nrf, «ST9e: small. 9®10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9HtfV0c; Ewes. 9®3Vio
per pound.
Hogs are higher again and scarce. A fur
ther advance is expected this week. Beef, Mut
ton and Lamb continue firm.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Hea,vy Salted Steers.
9Hc; medium. 9c; light. 8©S*jc; Cow Hides,
8H« for heavy and 8g8Hc for light; Stars 6-3
«Hc: Baited Kip. *;; Salted Veal. - 9c; dalted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. UHc culls. I3%c: Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 15®l«c: culls and' brand/
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@3uc each; short
Wool. 30<S'55c each; medium, 6O@75c; long Wool
*5c$il each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@3 73 for
large and $2@2 23 for medium tl&l 25 for small
and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry. (175 for
large. II 50 for medium, tl 2S for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 20c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoraa, 73«;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. SSc
T ALLOW- No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. X
3^?3Hc: gTease. SlQtSic.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 13@l«e; Northern, defectlre. 12©
14c; Middle County, free. 13©l«c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. K|10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. llg!2c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. SQllc; Humboldt and Mendociao, 15
617c; Nevada. 13^16c per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. 6HCSc; do lamb*. 89
9c: Middle County. 9®10c; Northern Mountain.
free. KKJllc; Southern Mountain. 7H68Hc;
Humboldt and Mendodno. 11312c per lb.
HOPS— 12©l«c per lb.
Prices stand the same, with a quiet market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^U^c per lb for
heavy. HH®12c for light medium. 12H<3i3c for
light, 13*j<gl4c for extra, light and logistic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, H<*tr
12c; Mess Beef. <12 per barrel; extra Mess. J13-
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. 115315 »0; extra
clear. $19 SO; Mess, |17; smoked Beef. 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H©«\e per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure
9Kc; 10-lb tins, 9£c; 5-lb tins. i%c
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, g\; C : three
half-barrels, 8c: one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces.
734c; nv« tierces. "He per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Proz'isions.
FRUITS— Prone*. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. Jc;
M-40s. 7c; 4i>-50s, Btfc: 50-Ms. 4^c; «O-70s. 3V C ;
;e-S6s. SVic; 80-SOs. :»ie: 90-loCs. «ic: 100-liCs.
1^4c; rubies, %c premium: Sonoraas He and
Ban- Joaqulns Vic less than Santa Claras ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the aame. Aprl
tcts, 60Sc for Royals and lCglOHc for Moor
rarks; Evaporated Apples. 566c: sun-dried.
•%#*He; Peaches. 4g5c for standard. 5@«c for
ckoicj and 6ViS7e for fancy: Pears, iaic;
Flurns. pitted. 566He; unpitted. l«iy.c; Nec
tarines, 5©5Hc for red and 5HQ«c for white.
RAISINri-'The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. SVc; prime. 8c:
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 104c per lb; choice. 954c; standard. g?ic:
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless.
53-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-erown. 7c; London Layers,
l-crown, tl 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 CO; Fancy
Clusters. Si: Dehesa, $2 30; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 souahell. lie; No. r. Sc; .Nc. 1
hardshell. 10c: No. 2. Vrxc: Almonds. 12®13c for
papershell. S^llc for softshell; Peanuts, 5{r6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pe
cans. 3 1613c: Cocoa nuts. $3 50fJ5.
HONEY-Comb. 13H©14*4c for bUght and 1*H
©13c for light amber: water white extracted.
74i@8c; light amber extracted. SH©7c; -lark.
Mg«Vtc per lb. - .
BEESWAX-24-S26C per lb.
The market for all descriptions continues flat
and neglected.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APFL.ES — 20 t?*?c per box for common and 75e
6U SO for good to choice; Spttzenbergs. |1 KQ
17S; Oregon Spltzenbergs. II SQl 50; Lady Ap
rles. Jlgl SO per box.
PEARS— 60c® Jl per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $11: Wisconsin*.
SIS £0; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel; Coos Bay. |2 SO
©2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $105:
Seedlings. 50c©$l ZS: Tangerines, nominal: Man
darins. S5c©$l; Lemons. 25c&Sl 23 for common
and Jl 50@2 $0 for good to chqlce: Grace Fruit.
Mc@»l SO: Mexican Limes, $4 5035; California
Limes, 25ig35c; Bananas. SOcjJJl 30 per bunch;
Pineapples, 75c Q 12 per dozen.
Three or four cars of Oranges are announced
for to-morrow's auction. All citrus fruits con
tinue In free supply and dull. The .best grades
rt Apples continue firm.
, DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
PORTLAND. Jan. 12,-Wheat steady at 5«c
for Walla Walla and 58359c for bluestsm.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 12.— Wheat He lower on cer
tain, grades; bluestem, 374c: club. 55c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. 12.— Clearings. $259,037;
balances, |T«,S«3.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— The wool market during
the week was steady, pending the. opening of
the auction sales on January 15. It Is expected
that the last private rates will prevail at the
tales and an advance of 5 per cent is looked
for in merinos. The offerings next week will
amount to 62,000 bales. February 13 -is the date
announced for closing the first series. The ar
rivals of , wool for the second series of sales
amount to SIC bales. These sales will open
on March .12.-,..
London Wool Market.
try markets, quiet: weather In England; foggy.
CO.TTON— Uplands, 5 19-S2d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, strong: No. 1 California, . 5s
8d; red Western winter. «s ?14d; No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s 4Hd. Futures, quiet; March. 6s M;
May. Cs 2M.d.
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed, new.
3s il\d: do old, 4s Id. Futures — January. $s
lid: March, 3s lOd; May.' 3s 9d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady.
8s Cl
HOPS— At London: Pacific Coast, eteady,
£2 5s@£3@6e.
ct the Treasury balances shows: Available
cush balances, $13$. 076.574 ; gold.-., SS6.O47.8S3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 13, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
hour* ending midnigbtt January 13:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er fur-lav, with showers in central and north
en: portion; brisk nootheasterly- winds .on the
northern coat: northerly winds elsewhere..
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light ncrth.
?-:> winds.
Nevada— Fair Ennday. " ; : -
Utah— Cloudy Sunday; light southerly wind*.
Arizona— Fair Sunday; light northerly, wind ».
Hlch wind* and fceavy rain prevail north of
Ope Mendacino. Wurcw weather will mHt
the mow !n the Sierras and the rivers will
continue r.nrit. The river at Sacramento la
new atone twenty-two feet.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Astoria, tfcirty-eix mile* per hour
Jroni the southwest; Seattle, thtrty frcrn the
southeast: Portlar.4. fifty-two from the south,
and Pocatello. twenty-eight from the south
eart.
The following heavy rainfall are. reported:
Prrt Crescent, l.M Inches; Astoria. 1.9? Inches.
rcreciM mai» at fan Francisco ! for thirty
Cloudy weather prevails on the Pacific rlope
generally, except la Southern California, where
It is clear.
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Articles— • Open. High. Low.
Wheat No.'
January 7*H 74*4 744
February 75 - 75*» 74**
May 77% 77?* 77
Corn So. 2—.
January 36H 36?» 3«»4
February 37 37 • M T 4
May 3S4 3SS 38>4
Oats No. 2—
January 23H 23H 23 s *
February .... ....'
May 2S 25 25Ti
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 14 10 14 25 14 10
May ....13 $5 14 02^" 13 90
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 7 S2H " J2H 7 Z3M ,
March 7 85 7X5 7 35
May 7 40 7 45 7 40
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January, 7 00 IM 7 00
May 7 OnV 7 10 7 05
Clos«.
74T4
74H
. 77%
*«H
17
384
23H
25**
14 25
14 00
. 7 32>J
7 33
7 45
700
7 10
STOCKS. |
STOCKS.
Bid. I
Bid
I Asked.
:~
f
Burllnirten
Bear Flag
California-Standard £
Caribou
Four
Hanford ...........................
Han ford. Fresno, Kern River..
Home
Junction
Kern
l.lon Oil Co
McKlttrtck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona. ...
McKlttrlck ...
Monte Cristo
Occidental of TV eat Va
Oil City Petroleum
Pitts bur?
Petroleum Center
Peerless
Reed Crude
Pan Francisco & McKlttrtck
Fan Joaquln O A D Co
Sterling O A D Co -.....„
Twer.ty-eight .
Westlako
Westshore
Wolverine ~
Yukon
47
3S
SO
. 53
43
3 30
W
11 M
23
39
203
«1
34 00
30
27
(3
13 73
3 V>
1 75
IS
CO
3)
u
J>
132 00
43
3 95
S5
11 !5
23
2S
S3
33
210
33 00
775
70
1 «>
14 00
3 3O
240
30
425
t?
FTATIO
CC8.
1 Lai>t I Thl»
24 Hours Season.
1 Lest
Season.
IJlufT ...
*.era.ni*nt'> .
i*a i"ra :.••.!"
r l *M1O ......
r.<iepeni3cnc<
¦*n Luis Ot>
jrm Aneelw
an Weto ..
j t
...!i «.««
...i 0.14 U.«
... o.cs lfl.w
... o.u ll.«l
... ft.« T.C3 *
0.05 4.95
CM ».7f
fl.OO 7.S3
... CM l.«
14.69
11.19
14.23
C.ll
S.C3
12.50
*."
2.60
Articles— • Open. High. Low.
Wheat No.'
January 7*H 74*4 744
February 75 - 75*» 74**
May 77% 77?* 77
Corn So. 2—.
January 36H 36?» 3«»4
February 37 37 • M T 4
May 3S4 3SS 38>4
Oats No. 2—
January 23H 23H 23 s *
February .... ....'
May 2S 25 25Ti
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 14 10 14 25 14 10
May ....13 $5 14 02^" 13 90
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 7 S2H " J2H 7 Z3M ,
March 7 85 7X5 7 35
May 7 40 7 45 7 40
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January, 7 00 IM 7 00
May 7 OnV 7 10 7 05
Clos«.
74T4
74H
. 77%
*«H
17
384
23H
25**
14 25
14 00
. 7 32>J
7 33
7 45
700
7 10
STOCKS. |
STOCKS.
Bid. I
Bid
I Asked.
:~
f
Burllnirten
Bear Flag
California-Standard £
Caribou
Four
Hanford ...........................
Han ford. Fresno, Kern River..
Home
Junction
Kern
l.lon Oil Co
McKlttrtck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona. ...
McKlttrlck ...
Monte Cristo
Occidental of TV eat Va
Oil City Petroleum
Pitts bur?
Petroleum Center
Peerless
Reed Crude
Pan Francisco & McKlttrtck
Fan Joaquln O A D Co
Sterling O A D Co -.....„
Twer.ty-eight .
Westlako
Westshore
Wolverine ~
Yukon
47
3S
SO
. 53
43
3 30
W
11 M
23
39
203
«1
34 00
30
27
(3
13 73
3 V>
1 75
IS
CO
3)
u
J>
132 00
43
3 95
S5
11 !5
23
2S
S3
33
210
33 00
775
70
1 «>
14 00
3 3O
240
30
425
t?
FTATIO
CC8.
1 Lai>t I Thl»
24 Hours Season.
1 Lest
Season.
IJlufT ...
*.era.ni*nt'> .
i*a i"ra :.••.!"
r l *M1O ......
r.<iepeni3cnc<
¦*n Luis Ot>
jrm Aneelw
an Weto ..
j t
...!i «.««
...i 0.14 U.«
... o.cs lfl.w
... o.u ll.«l
... ft.« T.C3 *
0.05 4.95
CM ».7f
fl.OO 7.S3
... CM l.«
14.69
11.19
14.23
C.ll
S.C3
12.50
*."
2.60A delightful programme of Irish music
has been arranged to precede the lecture
on "The" Ancient Melodies Of Ireland" by
Rev. T. P. McLoughlin on Wednesday
evening, January 16. In Metropolitan Hall.
One of the most lntereBting features will
be the rendition of Irish airs on the harp
by Mrs.I-Marquardt. Miss- Daisy Kcane
and other vocalists will sing the songs of
Erin... Father McLoughlin will be.intro
duced by Richard O'Connor, president ' of
the; Knights of, St. Patrick. Father Mc-
Loughlin's "lecture ¦ Is < looked ¦ to
with deep interest by lovers of Irish mel
ody. He will treat > the subject in a his
torical and critical manner.- arid: to ¦.Illus
trate his theme he will sing some of 'the
sweetest t specimens of the melodies of
Erin. The lecture is for the benefit of the
League of the Cross. * Seats" may be se
cured at room 87/ Flood building. =
Father McLoughlin's Lecture.
'•• Then there was a commotion, some loud
talking that was neither grammatical: nor
elegant and a tecond later -the back doer
popped open i and before i me gaze • of th- 3
astonished housewife stood her husband
so hot that he was actually steaming. Ht ;
had simply gone into. the > basement to ad
just; a water pipe without Mrs. .EUU'
knowledge.. >, - , - . ;
'After the^doctor. had gone. and, Mr. Eli;«
had been comfortably tucked away In be-j
hlsi wife 'consollngrlyi' told him:, that 7 sh.'
thought he was VJack the Hugger.".' wbf
hadSoeen' terrorizing the women folk 01
thisjclty.^; ,^ :-;\ -,:-. . .. ;.. ¦ j~ ;¦;.;.:
Mrs.* Ellis didn't scream. Instead sh
stepped over to the stove and, llf tins 1
teakettle filled with hot water, proceedei
to pour the contents, through the crack ii
the floor. .; . ' . .
STOCKTON. Jan. 12.— Principal Frank
Ellis am the ¦ Franklin School was badly
scalded by his wife yesterday, but knowl
edge of his wife's pluck consoles him foi
his burns. The couple reside at" 120 Oals
street. Mrs. Ellis was preparing luncheon
and- while In the kitchen felt a pressure
under, her foot ; accompanied *by a pecu
liar sound. She stepped back a few paces
and was startled , to see a small piece oi
wood rise. from, the kitchen floor, making
an aperture through which she plalnij
saw a man lying on the ground in the
basement. • ¦-•.--..,•:•: .'••¦-.";
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stockton Woman Mistakes
Her Helpmate for "Jack
; the Hugger."
POURS HOT WATER
ON HER HUSBAND
1 — — ; — — — : ; ; ; ;
report was heard resembling • the noise made
by giant powder, and the houses about the
Cross shaft were shaken in good style. ; Every
one thought it was a 1 powder explosion, but
upon • Investigation it was found that It was
caused by the cap of the, air chamber, of th«
26-Inch water pipe at the Cross shaft being
unable to stand the pressure put upon it. The
air chambe> is about twenty-six inches across
and twelve feet high, made of %-inch boiler
iron. -The cap was the same thickness, riveted
to the main pipe and also held inside by three
strap braces about one-half an inch thick by
"two inches wide. The force of the air threw
the cap. about fifty feet high/landing over 100
feet away from the pipe.
The Victoria Dally Colonist given some
account of the Le - Roi mine, which was
mentioned in London in connection with
the sensational London and Globe failure.
The Colonist says:
The year covered by the I>e Rol accounts
extended from July 1. 1S99. to June 30, vm.
Into that year came between four and five
months ot comparative Idleness and extraordt
licry capital expenditure, which came under
many heads, such as the sinking of the perma
1 nent working shaft and its equipment with ma
chinery, the alteration of the shipping focus
from the Le Roi siding to the Black Bear sid
ing the- installation of timber framing ma
chinery. the purchase of a quarter interest ln
the smelter and the enlargement of the smelter.
All this mlglit well have been spread over two
cr three years. But the operation would pre
sumably have been one of some difficulty, as
tbe credit of ' the . controlHn* . group : has been,
to put It mildly, shaken. The mine, however,
must be In ' an excellent position now.
An electric power plant Will be erected
at Shingletown. Shasta County, about
twenty-three miles from Redding, to sup
ply mines and reduction plants ln that
vicinity. The water for .running, the
plant will; be taken from Mill Creek and
conveyed in a twenty-eight-inch steel
pipe a distance of 7000 feet, ; affording : a
pressure at the power site equal to a' fall
of 1170 feet vertically. The station equip
ment will 'be composed of three. Westing
house alternating current ! generators | of
150 horsepower output each, dlrectlycon
nectedto Pelton water wheels; making a
total output: of 4600 ; horsepower. , .'The
power thus generated will be transmitted
to - Keswlck, a • distance of thirty-five
miles, to be used at -.. the . smelters ; and
mines of the Mountain Copper Company,
Ltd., and also of the Bully Hill 'mines, '
forty miles from Shingletown," which 'are
owned by Captain de la Mar. -The plant
is expected" to, be In readiness* to deliver
power to customers July 1. .' ,
•'During 1900," says the Dally Mining
Record, published at, Denver, "thirty-five
Cripple Creek companies distributed pub
lic dividends amounts ; to . $6,803,000." .
Cripple^Creek enters upon the twentieth cen- ;
tiry-making-a-record' of -production of gold'
that has never been equaled by I any other sin
gle ' gold ' mining ¦ district 'in the < history ; of [ the
1 world, aays the Record. The ¦ mines • produced
. 511,612 tons of ore, •- which yielded JM.S«9,S75, = a
ret train ln tonnage of (6,167 tons and In value
' of . $2,401,463. -la- other : words, Cripple Creek
A permit has been given to the Ralston
Divide Gold Mining Company to mine
with hydraulic pressure at Lynchburg, El
Dorado County. • :
Mineral Wealth estimates .the output of
Northern California counties for the year
lSOO as -follows: Shasta. $5,100,000; Trinity,
$1,150,000; Sisklyou, $1,200,000.
The Crescent City News says:
The executors of the estate of H. Gasquet,
deceased. J. B. Endert and Fred Frantz of
this city, have sold to the Bisklyou Placer
Mining Company the mining ground known as
the Montezuma Hill, at the" junction of Inde
pendence Creek with the Klamath ; River in
Slskiyou County. -The property contains 124.2S
acres. Also two-thirds interest in the Clear
Creek mine, adjoining the above-named prop;
erty. containing 63.80 acres. The property, in
cluding water rights, sold for ?G0OO.
crowded another month Into the year Just
cicsed and ln addition umaahed ¦ all : record*
heretofore established. The Increase in ktobs
value of bullion shipped represents a pain of
12',i per cent, and the tonnage increases ap-
I.roxlmately In the same proportion. The gains
arc all the more noteworthy In the light of the
already astonishing production of 'a year, ago.
The Sunset Electric Light and Power
Company has been Incorporated with a
capital Ftock of 5300.000. of which ?700 has
been subscribed. The directors are Joseph
Magnin. 11. H. Shoenberg. H. W. Hun-
Faker. B. Shap'.ro, Stephen S. Rau, \V.
W. Sanderson and Henry N. Beatty.
New Electric Light Company.
been made since th« rain a week ago.
Owen was movine household rood* from
Los Prletos . rancho t.-> Santa Ynez. Th«
wagon and four horses sank ln the sand
and were rapidly golrg down when a
mountaineer named Ffnneran came to th«
rescue with men and ropes. After a hard
tussle wagon and team were saved' but
In a bedraggled and exhausted condition.
Fire Destroys a Hotel.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 12.— The Laics
Shore Hotel at Jloyie. B. C. was "de
stroyed by nre at 5 o'clock this morning.
All the guests were sleeping and had no
time to save their property, being obliged
to jump for their lives.
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective As
sociation will conduct a vigorus early
closing campaign among the smaller shoe
stcres this week. All shoe stores which
close at € o'clock will receive "Union Store
Cards" similar to those displayed by the
clothing stores, and the labor unions will
ask their members to patronize only those
stores displaying: the cards. The general
public ¦will be aFked to purchase shoes
from stores showing the signs that they
close early in the evening, except Satur
days and evenings preceding holidays.
Early Closing Movement.
"We are to-night t-xtending a welcome
to one we fed we already knew. Through
fcis bocks and by the articles that he
has contributed to the magazines we come
to look u;>on him as our friend and teach
«?r. Through his writings we have been
helped to a better understanding of the
purpose of life and its reality. San Fran
cisco is on the extreme western point of
this continent and we hardly dared to
hope that we shouid have the privilege
of meeting and having direct teachings
from one who has a home so far away
as Mr. Loadbeater. Yet Karma has been
kind to us and has decreed this pleasure
to us. To-night we members greet Mr.
Leadbeater and our minds are eager to
learn what he may mink fit to teach us."
Mr. Leudbeater responded to the formal
address of welcome in a short yet grace
ful speech. He stated that his visit in
this city would be a. short one; that he
•would only remain here three weeks and
that he would try 10 be of service to
those who were In tf rested in Theot>ophy.
He said that the reception might be
turned from a social event into a more
serious and useful evening by those in
the audience propounding any questions
they might want answered and that he
would do his best U enlighten the ques
tioners. He was Immediately asked by a
lady in the audience: "Why are we unable
to "remember our former lives?"
Lcadbcattr responded by saying: "The
everage man rebels against the reincar
nation theory. People object to the theory,
vet all are anxious to hear arguments on
It. People afk. 'If we were citizens in the
early ages why cannot we remember it?'
You* cannot answer this question offhand.
But I will say at first that the reason you
cannot remember your former lives Is
that every time you re-enter the world
your soul is born ucaln. With what do
vou remember? It is with your mind.
The soul does not remember. When we
a.re a-ble to raise our common minds and
They are so deeply educated, then and only
then will we be able to retain memories
of our past lives. The mental body Is not
yet available as a vehicle. To remember
anything Is to recall that which has
taken place in our present life, that Is as
far yet as our memory is developed. 1
•will give you an example. When a small
boy I was in the habit of dreaming sev
eral times a. month of a peculiar temple
•with oddly shaped towers. I used to tell
my mother about my dreams, but I was
never quite able to understand them. In
after years while in India I met a Buddist
priest who told me when I described the
temple that in one of my former lives I
lived in that very building. . So you sec
oar minds do carry these impressions of
lonner lives, but we are not educated
enough to be able to read them."
The following ladles acted on the recep
tion committee last evening: Mrs. G.
Holiday, Miss M. A. Walsh. Mi.«=s S. Shoaf .
• Miss L. I^ang. Mrs. M. Hastey and Mrs.
Dr. Willcox. V-
Charles W. Leadbeater will lecture this
evening at S o'clock in Odd Fellows' Hall.
dered a Reception in the Head
quarters of Golden Gate
Lodge.
¦ ?
The members of <_he Golden Gate Lodge
of the Theosophical Society tendered a re
ception at their headquarters in the Odd
Fellows" building last evening to Charles
\V. Leadbeatcr of London, who arrived
here recently to deliver a scries of lectures
on Theosophy.
The rooms were tastefully decorated for
the occasion with j-alms, evergreens and
rare hothouse plants. The opening num
ber on the programme was an organ selec
tion from "TannliAuser," by Professor
Bretherick. He was followed by the pres
ident of the society. "\V. J. Waiters, who
delivered the address of welcome to the
distinguished visitor. The speaker said
In part:
dence That Was His in
Former Life.
«
Distinguished Theosophist Is Ten-
RECALLS TEMPLE
HE LIVED IN
Leadbiater Dreams ofResi-
With the steady demand at high prices the
output ol copper exceeded the great record of
1859, the total output being 615,576,80! pounds,
in comparison with 5S1.219.091 pounds in the
previous vear. These flgrures include the cop
per contents of by-product copper sulphate.
The United States once more takes flrst place
as a gold producer, owing to the suspension of
mining in the Transvaal and a decreased out
put in Australasia. The output was 3.815,435
nne ounces, valued at J7S.«3S,755, against 3.
3S1.196 ounces, 'valued at $70,096,021. in 1S93.
There was also refined In the United States
from foreign matter, bullion and ores, 1.9S4.
715 ounces, valued at ?4;, 057.559. Owing to good
demand and the firm control of the market by
the smelters, the production of lead shows a*
Kreat Increase and Is the largest yet recorded.
The output from domestic ores and bullion was j
251.781 short tons, as. compared with 217,085 t
short tons in 1899. There were also recovered
from foreign ores and base bullion smelted and
r«:flned In this country 103.703 short tons, as
against 76,423 short tons In 1899. The output
of the quicksilver mines showed a considerable
Increase last year, the increase coming chiefly
from California. The total output was 32,315
flask* valued at $1,474,533. against 2S.S7S flasks.
valued at $1,155,160 In 18S9. Increased produc
tion of copper and lead caused a corresponding
increase in silver, a" large ;art of the output
being in the nature of a by-product. The to
tal output was 60,478,276 troy ounces, valued at
t37.OS5.248. This compared with 57.126.834 troy
ounces,- valued at $S4,O36,1«S. In .ISM. Refineries
in the United States also produced from for
eign ores and bullion in 1900 a total of 48,
25MS1 troy ounces, valued at. $28,43,219.
The Hexter mine in Calaveras County,
with 300 acres of land, Including the Caval
Flat channel of Stockton Hill, has been
deeded to John J. McSorley and others.
The mine had a plant that cost $50,000.
The Calaveras Chronicle Bays that "the
San Francisco stockholders sold the prop
erty at a price that was a cinch for the
purchasers."
A new mining venture Is under way In
Amador County. The property is on the
<*dge of Jackson and is known as the
Plenning. The company formed to work
the property has been capitalized at $300,
000. Max Goldberg Is president.
The Feciliana prospect, recently dis
covered bv H. Varptt, on the south side
of Tuoiumne County, two miles east of
Stevens Bar, has been bonded by a party
of Sonora men, of whom A. M. Duval Is
the head.
The Plumas Independent reports that a
survey of the Cleghorn group of claims,
on the Middle Fork of the Feather River,
Is under way, being directed by J. H.
Thomas of Oakland. Six miles of the
river will be surveyed and application will
be made for patent. The property was
formerly held by Mr. Rugg, Mr. Thomas'
son-in-law. In ISM. He was drowned
while trying to cross the river. The
: property then fell into, possession of Mc-
Clellan & Post, with whom Mr. Thomas
has made a deal.
! The Tuoiumne Independent Says that
I probably the only mill started on the first
day. of the new century in the United
States was the ten-stamp miH'at the Hope
mine. This begin crushing ore January 1.
The Shfpherd gravel mine, near Mur
phy s, Calaveras County, has been bonded
to a company, which will begin to work
it soon.
The Ang-els Record gives the following
account of an accident:
Thursday afternoon about 5 o'clock a. loud
Mention has been • made In the tele
graphic news of the preliminary estimate
of the Engineering and Mining Journal
of the production of the more important
minerals and metals In the United fttates
for the year 1900. There are other facts
of general interest, however, that the
Journal has ascertained that are worthy
of brief ' review. The total value of the
metals produced' in this country last year
is estimated at 5509.800,992. *as compared
with J496.057,£» in 1S9D. The non-metallic
substances amounted to $755,680,991, as
against $645,764,305 in 1S99. The total value
for the two years, after allowing for du
plication, was, respectively, $1,157,162,182
and $1 ,049.230,594.
Aluminum is reported to be controlled
by one company, which returns an output
of 7.150J000 pounds, valued at $2,2SS,000.
Antimony Is also under one control. An
estimate is made of a total output of
3 100 000 pounds. The production came al
most entirely from the works at Chelsea,
Staten Island. Very little antimony is
mined In this country. The metal is
largely recovered from Mexican and
Japanese material. Cobalt is produced
solely in Missouri and nickel comes chiefly
from the same source — La Motte mine.
Nickel produced in this country is chiefly
from imported ore. The small output of
platinum was from Pacific Ccast ores.
The total amount was only about 173
ounces troy. Lepodolite was produced
solely in San Diego County. Statements
concerning the more important metals are
made by the Journal as follows:
Many Properties Change Hands and
With an Infusion of New
Blood Energies Are
Redoubled.
Increased Actiiity Is Shown
Throughout the
Coast.
MINERS MAKING
FINE PROGRESS
32
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALl^ SU^DAT V JA^STIJARY 1 3, 1901.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 12.-Georgo
Owen, in attempting to cross Hampton
Creek yesterday afternoon, got caught in
the quicksands and ciune near drowning.
It was the first attempt to cross that has
bara Teamster.
Thrilling Experience of a Santa Bar-
CATJGHT IN QUICKSAND.
nel, badly burning young '.Smitherarr.'s
face and arms. A §rash was cut in hH
face, supposedly by Hying piping. Tho
owner of the tunnel to-day ordered the
premises locked up until competent inves
tigations can be made.
And get yourself a pair: of \ shoes— when
the price will beVsurprise to you." Men's
shoes, worth $3,\ riever before sold : for less
than"$2.50, for $1.35 a pair.v These shoes
are ; made ¦ of vici kid; box ¦¦-, calf si and
kangaroo, v:-^- Five « hundred * pairs ,-- will '-.be
sold ; to-morrow. * Mind you, v. a ?. $3 1 men's
shoe for ; only j $1.35, • at the t shoe : assignee
sale of the Boston, 775 Market street, near
Fourth. . : , ••>.
Come Around To-Morrow
SANTA ¦'• BARBARA^ Jan; 12.— A '.Wcbm
explosion occurred * in the Whltehead \ tun
nellyeaterday," injuring another workman
Contractor^ Richard ': Smltheran /; and • hi'
son .Thomas" had ; be»m - working: - in tht
farther - end of . the tunnel ; for some : tims
fitting . the ,• last "section on; the , air sunnli
pipe. •.» The "engine opera ting .the air pumi
slowed : down,-, sllphtly reducing the 8up
ply.'.rA blindinBrlflash.reaulted'in'the tun
Second Tunnel Expl o sion.
M. W. ¦'[ Clark, a merchant* of £ Alameda,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday' in
the United 'States District -Court.* His
liabilities, are J1662 GS and his assets ¦ $1020.
An Insolvent Merchant.
GIGANTIC §
CLOSING-OUT SALE j
9
UNEQUALED SUCCESS |
¦ ¦ . 2
Greatest Sale Ever Made in San Francisco! !
-. . • . :
....THE.... J
GolAei Me Un Si House I
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST., S
Adheres strictly to its well-known and popular method 5
of disposing of the entire stock of M. Siminoff, the largest • •
wholesale manufacturer on the coast, which was bought for •
45c on the Dollar. §
• • -'/ •
THE PRICES DEFY COMPETITION: |
S7.5O Black Cheviot Suits for .!!t".. ....$3.95 2
$15- OO Camel's Hair Suits for _. ......$7.95 J
$20 OO Black and Biue Cheviot Suits for.. $9.95 ©
$1.73 Black Homespun Skirts for 95= $
$3.8O Rainy-day Skirts for..... :$I.45 %
$7 50 Rainy-day Skirts for , $3.95 •
$3.50 Blue Kerssy Jackets for „ $1.75! •
$8.SO Silk-Lined Jackets for .$4.95 %
$15.00 Silk-Lined Jackets for j .$8.95 ©
$25.00 Novelty Jackets for. ..........$12.95 •
COME EARLY TO ©
AVOID THE RUSH * \ %
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE, I
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. %
,-. Hale>8. •-. -.; •=•.-;• | Hale's.;: v , | .. Hale> ., ; ; ,| Hale^a. N '1 Salo'm. ___^
% Darkies picking cotton — 4th floor. • j^^i^P^/^ The store a wh'te palace. Hale's a j?
ft 1 Display of muslin underwear— 2d floot\ . p / ace of interest for the children— %
fa) . Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue* '"¦'¦"."' of GCOtlOtny fot* yOU* «
I the annual white pods sale opens tomorrow at Hale's. I
f/phese white goods sales are an been greater and %
if, 1 ture at Hale's. We learned long ago 'that/^ nn f ial> C^ more successful thaik^ts^ predews^br This f
* manufacturers and importers would do a^V >X"iiua.l / year -in the New Hale store we have pre-
'J good deal better by- us on orders placed a little I whlfo ( pared ambitiously to eclipse all past records. I
» earlier and we knew that we could do the I b A The stocks have been gathered with a more |
* business at less; profit at a time when we would I r 0OOQS V lavish hand and the prices are far below the *
M not otherwise be busy. January is no longer a;l ° f I retail market. This advertisement only sug-f
A period of dullness— the modern merchandising. V SS&le / gests the splendid preparations, we have made f
* methods of the Hale store have made it a §||| W&m or this events The lull and complete story can!
« month of strong and vigorous activity. WM^^mm only be told by the store itself, *
Jr- lace curtains i^ embroideries ln th rf e wh ! te stationery %
K? in the white goods sale. • •£ ' , '^ sV-^ K *~* *^^^ goods sale. fn the white ftoods sale M
CJ nr*HESE NottinRham cur- " • ¦ r f*X.£ES on paper can't even surest the beauty and peerles§snowiness of these cambric and nainsook edgingsand _„„ .. .-, ... * tf\
A? ' I- tains are pretty enoueh I in ssrt>ons. The patterns range from %n inch to more -than half a yard wide and the designs are diversified and TV 1 1> rc '! abIe km d T neW * ii
3w • and the prices low enough "¦. artls ,ttc. There are neat, dainty effects for baby clothes and underwear— beautiful styles for trimmine waists, and f fashionable, up-to-date— £&
Aj to tempt the quick-buying showy elaborate effects for flounces and ruffles. Vines, scrolls, dots, medallions, crescents, flowers, circles, leaves and . and worth just as much to- «r,
m thought of even' -woman with scores of other graceful ideas figure in the embroidery schemes. They were made to sell at a quarter to a third higher da £ as any other time. We re K
ST. a home to beautify • P nces than we will ask during this sale. The investment is well worth while, '.vhether for immediate use or later. ! clhn 8 Jt at abou J t a Q. uar ter less *V
A? wv,"f h ;* •_, H - ¦•.-' ..:¦¦."¦ ; • . just to give added interest to g?
M vvnne ana ecru 3 yaras f or edgings and insertions- in for edgings and insertions in for edgings • and insertions ir. this sale.
tf '¦\% g rthSc a Mir-whitew l o£- 4c ma j7 di *7 ent P a^^ different patterns-i/, to Whitin^ 3 wcddintr cream L
« u ortn ooc a pair— w nite Rooas ; inches wide. - inches wide . -k x A inches wide wnumgs weaaing cream a
CJ sale price... 49c' - ' U1 " muc * '¦ • j/ 2 incites wiue. violet note paper and envel- fj
A", White and ecru — .1 yards for edgings and insertions in " for edgings and insertions in , for edgings and insertions' in ; opes— rregular price 60c a box fi£.
H ¦ long by 36 iijches wide. 1Oc many different patterns — 1Y2 to 4 15c niany different patterns-- i l A to 25c many different patterns — 5 to JO — now 4Sc *V
li } V , orth . 75c a pair ~ white K^ inches wide. 3H inches wide. _ inches wide. " Baronial wedding stationery fo
Or Sa Ec?u Ce on1y— i 'yards "lon^ • for Swiss and nainsook tuckings for all-over tuckings in many, dif- . for handsome all-over embroid- in. pound packages— regular Cf
ft 1 worth 75c a pair— white goods' C \ n * cve ™\ different styles— 18 to 22 5Oc fercnt widths of tucks— 18 to 75c eries in many different patterns— price 25c each— now loc. A7
CT sale price OOc inches wide. 22 inches wide. 18 to 22" inches wide. Aldine wedding cream plain *?[
f io^l^r^^ art needlework SKSs'-a» crockery fc2B-.SK: small wares fc-B-a ¦ . "e°^ p P "ce a^= a'Tot-!^ »
Ai per pair: ?l.lt> These values justify gushing, Especially little prices just In this bright and busy lit- " 1 * c g? "*
© Nottingham lace curtains— tfA but we don't. We simply point . now on the 3d floor— wonder tie notion store of ours a dol- - Hale's wedding cream sta- (f
l im yards long— to the prices— you'll, do the how manv of vou will resist lar always gets a plump hun- tionery— regular price 35c per fa
K'. Worth $i-7S Pair— now.91.3K rest tiow many ol you will . resist . dre d cents' worth of value— box containing 60 sheets of ®
CjL Worth, $3.00 pair— now.9S.4J> Figured Swiss shams with fluted ruf- the temptation to buy. often a good deal more. For paper and 50 envelopes— ncv If
M w Ort u I 450 Pa 5 r ~ n i W -22*2rt fles-pretty new designs-now. each White combines with handles and instance— ....29c S
w°u f 55 ° Pa - r "" n «« *rt!» •••••-• • ...........25c covers— each ....SOc Ladies' and misres* side hose support- Finest society note stationery 1?
A^ \\ orth $7.50 pair— now ; jp«.<>o ers— made of good lisle elastic, with —regular price for box of 24 ®
Cf . Irish point lace curtains— 3 l A Fine muslin shams— hemmed and Large size chambers, with covers— safety button catches— regular price sheets of paper and 24 envel- Vj
AV yards long — . . stamped in entirely new and very, pretiv each 4ilc i2j4c and 15c a pair— now ....7c opes 10c— now 7c m
» Worth $400 pair— 3-now.33.40 ; designs — now, per pair. ...125c : # * Children's and infants' side hose sup- Wedding cream stationery *IJ.
£* ' "Worth $4.75 pair^now.^SiOS - ; . • Covered dishes — oblong shape. .. 55c porters — made of good lisle web. with in boxes containing 24 sheets ra
W Worth $6.50 pair-r-now.jp?>.OO • Spachtel bureau scarfs, in very hand- button catches and either loop or pin of paper and 24 envelopes— Or!
flu Worth $7.50 pair— now. $^.r»O. .; some patterns— 18x54 inches, worth 65c. . Thin porcelain bowls — pint size — tops— worth 10c and 12^20 a pair — now — regular price 15c each — now flT
SB W r orth $8.50 pair — now.?* -QO 75c and 85c each — now 41>c each ..."... .7c 5c 12o £m
I undermuslins in Hale's white goods sale. |
5 you'll find them on the second floor— massed in billowy heaps of immaculate whiteness. «
Cr. A RTISTIC, refined, carefully made and comfortable, but fitly describes our splendid new stock of muslin undergarments, that ranges from inexpensive utility to costly elegance. The At
m$ £^ prices are low — remaikably so — but thebeauty and goodness of these exquisite combinations of fine cambrics and muslins, with the prettiest of new laces, embroideries, ribbons and jn
needlework, is the sale's greatest attraction. . The goods were made by well-paid workers in the cleanest and brightest of America's rural factories, and have nothing in common I*
kj with the undersized and improperly made garments that figure in usual sales. ' jz<^"^ A
% g> "--•-, 'jdBSk- ladies' night gowns. ladies' skirts. '^Pt^ J$&t& £
W fT^>s /^7'^ Of good soft muslin— made with Of good, heavy muslin— two dif- NC* f -''^T^^ fl^
/* v^^i'.^ ' ,'<C^S6f : T f *" as yoke of lace'and embroidery ferent styles. One has wide cam-"" v t-/ \^ "*? 3 ,¦•* **W fm
7w mSSr^'m fe&$ } *"*&5v * — tuffle trimmed cuffs and V- brie flounce at bottom, with deep f/yJC > •^•v. h- ( ) v 4* / *T*
*Ii r^ Jr : H N "^^^9%. * -shaped neck. Each. ...45c hem and row of fine tucks— the '•* -r^^^w^lffi® \J J~*\^ ffi
» v\ h*<-M ' Of trccA '-' mii«1i*n m-,fi#. w.tW other is imade with wide flounce / /tk^--2S& !^r ? v M £%t*-m «f-s,.^ »K
9 ®%h • r- P embroidery" insertion - ruffle and has extra dust ruffle ' |g« t^V "%";£y# / / A& 5
¦ V, • m>v<^^J-- P^^^^i^ ' trimmed collars, cuffs and high 1 ; K V v^ Mfe^- Uq<D '?H{ / \-J$7i.\ '^"&?& A
tt Sy^-^-W^fi'x^ 4-du^m-. Y^sr;^?.^- n-cks Each 50c Of heavy, soft muslin— two - / \ip<f- &<<jff\s U*$ 1/ fifidbJxa&& ?5A IS
'9 V<^rM^MW^^^VlWmi ' ........&OC differentstyles . one^s made with yfelft^^
% \ .m$£- "JtW^ S** / ?)>*•) !h«\ Of fine soft muslin— five differ- wide lawn flounce, which is" trim- \ 1/ V /»-'.i /-'-fr VJ ¦'¦ .£'¦?£>* «
¦ » t\\v\il[' arV -u I v.**jP t i-l^ i ' \}V\- ent. styles. Some have yokes of med with rows of hemstitched // '7 } Jli?^' W *T'
HL i'J^H'^^i ' A fine cluster tucks— others have _ tucks and lace — the other has L. ** ' > S.t'h ¦. s sr A S^-.»V" A?
-.ft \ P^'^^^^iL. I^Kfv^ ''-¦*- yokes of tucks and embroidery. " wide cambric embroidery trim- »g2$P* ' iS?%^^'x'v^ Vj^ / :. ¦ V "v. /*{*& CT
W. \ \'~~" .V^Iw^L gP^f; YJ $ "'S*- r 'A\ AH have embroidery trimmed col- med flounce and extra heavy dust "0 ''- \ 7 : V 1 ' //V "'''.* A)
W Vjlr^^^^S^^f^M^^J lars and cuffs. Each .58c ruffle. Each.... :...CSe '•' / h ' \ ( \ \ &
g ladies' drawers. ladies' chemise. ladies' corset covers. \'\ \^v^;^£^?% $
*F \ r ~^ J$ &^'^i>' ' ! Of good soft muslin— made with wide Of good muslin— made with round yoke Of good muslin with high lace edged » V r l^'.^^l 4' f X
• &S '\ ffmSfP '\ y J&'f - ;'f.\ li hemstitched cambric flounce and deep and lace trimmed neck and armholes — necks. Each lOc -^c*^* %., %0^j ' / ft
V m "B» 'A< % (1/ 7 hem. Per pair 22c open down the front. Each.. .....25.; Of cambric-lace trimmed low round l '^^ W/2$>^ J %
B ' /|'"W"i''V\ VU A Of soft finish muslin-three different Of buttons-made short '&% \\{[%\{ fk
Si :'l V; >**^ \^.v M styles One is made extra wide with y ok e which is handsomely trimmed wnh length to waist and finished with ;dn« t^ / \ 'Yf •
iS i\ \ -"Sfp ¦¦¦¦•/ v deep umbrella cambric flounce and fin- :.*"P Ifce and baby r.bbon-lace trim- strings. Each .............; 18c ;;\ * <\ \y.' V «•
Cf ¦ lljk HI ished with two inch hems with row of med shoulder straps. Each 4oc Of fine cambric— made with; rows of f l 'p- *» ; [\ *<£•} £f
jL i^Sji^to, hemstitching above — the others are Other chemise— all new _stvles lace insertion down the front and rut- ' f ';-'}) t< v v. EM
tT. • if "•••^?7J^»f :$?£"- trimmed with embroidery and rovvsjaf . handsomely^trimmed— at 5Oc, 75c, fl e trimmed neck and armholes. Each ' Gjr
FBIEDMAN'S A NNOUHCEMENTS.
™" — "^ ¦¦'^ m^ mm^ foil sized real Hair Mattress, covered
"THE CREDIT HOUSE" with strong xx ticking, cotton
Six Stories High .- / tutted, weighing 30 lbs, for $5.5Q
The smaller sizes at the same price.
SsB^^'ffiWtl i j 1 ~ Point de Calais Curtains.
=lfiiiiiHI $$?¦$ I / Ii I /' T^ c holiday sales cut into our stock of
¦=*§|||§|m| Wffir 1 j •'/ pL/ them so that we liave decic!ed to cut
gfesw^lHi^a the price to even it up— and to your ad-
In writing to your friends
East, tell them you buy and lay Mat-
*^^^^^^^j-y^M1p^^ ting in January just as in July. You
V- can get Remnants, in variety of pat-
Hard Work-Easy Sleep- g^g^^S
making and having good measurements.
mattreSSeS . r% We make our Hair Fret Delivery in Oakland. AI»»«U. Berkeley
Sattfcsses.rr^htihCTe^th^^OTi may M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
know the material in them is clean and aas.ass.JWT pirtSE***©^ St^j.j,
of the highest " sanitary excellence. A W««i«««™B4«iM«»i»^^Ji