VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. Gl.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JAN UAR Y 30, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Judge Dixon Refuses to Extend Clemen ey to the Four Men
Convicted of the Terrible Crime and Imposes the Full
Penalty Provided by the Law of New Jersey
JENNIE BOSSCHIETER'S SLAYERS
ARE SENTENCED TO IMPRISONMENT
IN PENITENTIARY AT HARD LABOR
THE SLAIN MILIT GIRL AND
THE MEN WHO CAUSED
HER DEATH.
The action of the United States Supreme
Court to-day in announcing that it would
take a. recess till February 11, when it
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— A World special
'rom Washington eays: President Mc-
Klnley has decided to call an extra ses
sion of Congress and will give the neces
sity for legislation en the Philippines and
the Cuban problems as his reason. He
eald to-day to several callers that the
only question ' remaining undecided was
whether he would issue the call before or
tfter his second term begins on March 4.
Philippines and Cuba the
Reason Given.
Necessity for legislation en the
PRESIDENT WH.L ' CALL
AN EXTRA SESSION
Perhaps the most interesting editorial Is
upon the Cleveland proposition to Increase
the '¦ President's term to six years and
limit him to one term. Upon this the Com
moner says:. "To lengthen the President's
term is simply , to enlarge the stake for
which, great Interests play. Trusts could
Increase their' campaign fund 50 per cent
If they could secure control of the admin
istration for six years . Instead of four.
The four-year term is. long enough for. a
good • President - and too Ions for a bau
BRYAN IS OPPOSED TO
A SIX-YEAB TERM
In His Paper, The Commoner, Says
He Is Opposed to Any
Change.
'LINCOLN. Neb.. Jan. 29.— Bryan's Com
moner, which now has attained the re
spectable circulation of 55.C00, appeared
again this evening. In appearance it 1* a
replication of the first Issue, with different
reading matter, of course. The leading
editori.il. devoted to Queen Victoria, con
cludes: *'It is high yet deserved tribute to
her to say.' that no one exercising royal
prerogatives could have done better, and
the world at large has cause to mourn her
demise."
;: To the! great' satisfaction of the admin
istration!. Mr! 1 - Conger has _ apparently alt
last come! to: appreciate the importance of
pursuing (the; policy of mercy r which , has
distinguished Uhe course of the President
and Secretary". Hay, and he cabled to-day
announcing that* he is "strongly opposing
It is understood that the authorities, be
fore agreeing to the execution of the four
officials referred to, ' ascertained that the
Chinese Government would be able , to
comply with such a demand. , In the case
of General /Tung. Fu Hsiang, however, an
entirely .'different condition , exists." , Sur
rounded; by, ah army : devoted, to him, he
would probably resist an attempt to exe
cute him , ..with (the /esult 'that civil ¦ war
would ibe precipitated. . The" strong,posi
tloniWhlch" Prince! Tuan also holds makes
his decapitation Impossible. "
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W... WASHINGTON, Jan. ¦', 29.-While
"vigorously opposing the execution of
Prince Tuanand General Fu Hsiang. Min
' ister Conger, with the approval of the
United States, has agreed to the decapita
tion of four ringleaders In the Chinese
outrages of last summer.
Two, of the four to be beheaded are
Prince Chwang.- deputy commander in
chief of the Bpxers. and Tu Hsien. who
was removed by the Empress Dowager
from . the post ¦ of Governor of Shansi.
. assurances have been given the
authorities that Russia" has not made any
There is reason, to believe that in the
interview held _ by Mr. Conger and Mr.
Rcckhlll a few days ago with L! Hung
Chang, the question. of punishment re
ceived serious .'consideration 'and ' the
American. representatives obtained. a very
good idea of what the Chinese^ Govern
ment would "be able to perform." Germany
and 'Great .Britain ; are, ;~ of course^ the
powersendeavdring to impose an extreme
punishment;' perhaps because "of their de
sire' to prolong negotiations and in this
way Insure "the"' presentation? of a : claim
for indemnity which China -cannot pos
sibly •meet except -by 'territorial cession.
.The United States was therefore. alone
in its opposition and it was deemed Im
portant, in order to obtain concessions! in
the future, to acquiesce in the cases of
men who could be executed by the Chi
nese Government without _ imperiling its
own existence. .
the execution of the" Chinese general and
other responsible authors of the outrages,
whom it is impojible for the Chinese Gov
ernment to reach. In acquiescing in the
execution' of the four- officials slated for
death, the United States gave way re
luctantly to the wish of Great Eritain and
Germany ' and only after ' Russia and
Japan' had agreed to the Imposition of this
punishment ," -
separate arrangement with China regard
ing Manchuria and that she does not con
template pursuing a policy different from
that enunciated in her note of August 25.
Prince Tuan and General Tung Fu Hsiang to Escape With Their Heads
Because They Have Influence Enough to Cause Civil War.
LOS ANGELES,! Jan. \ 29.— The ' Terminal
Railway virtually lost its identity; to-day
Action - was taken by which the road
merged Into \ the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake Railway. ¦
The authorization of the transfer of the
Terminal » properties to : the • new , manage
mentvwasjquleily ; done. .The arrange
ments I had v all ' been, made and
when ! the representatives met at* the | Ter
minal offices it was '.merely^ in ..compliance
with a ; necessary formality.,; The , resolu
tion'simply authorized > President > George
B: Lelghtbri,\,Vice . PresldentlT. : E. "Gibbon
and i Secretary: FV; K.': Rule .to "execute * the
proper. conveyances. transferring the prop
erty,of the Los Angeles^ Terminal Railway
to'the : San* Pedro,*? Los" Angeles and Salt
Lake Railway.' The papers will be signed
some time this week-' ; - .¦¦-:•¦_
TRANSPER OP TERMINAL
railway Accomplished
CLANWILLIAM. Jan. 29.-Bethune's
column, after a heavy march. Joined De
Llsle's column. Colonel Bethune Is now in"
.command and it Is understood that he
will undertake whal is recognized as the
extremely arduous task of driving the
.Boers out of Cape Colony. «
CARNARAVON, Jan. 23.— It is under
stood that the 'Boors are entrenched at
, Calvania. which serves as their base. The
district affords them plentiful supplies 'of
food and remounts. - .
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 29.— Olive Schrelner-
Cronwright, the authoress, and her hus
band are practically prisoners in their
home. They are not allowed toyleave" the
Hanover district owing to the fact that
martial law prevails -there.'
ing to the Fact That Martial
'-'¦'<¦ '.'¦¦' Law Prevails.
Not Allowed to Leave Her Home Ow-
OLIVE SCHBEINEB IS
PRACTICALLY: PRISONER
AMERICA AGREES TO DECAPITATION
OF FOUR RINGLEADERS IN OUTRAGES
Pails to Cause New York's Council
to Honor Queen's Memory.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.-The' municipal
Council held a brief session to-day. Prior
to the mectlns Councilman Stewart M.
Brlce.. son of the late Calvin S. Brlce. told
some of the members that he intended to
offera resolution to the effect that as a
mark of^respect the Mayor be requested
to lower 'the Hag over the Council cham
ber to half mast until after the funeralof
her Majesty. Queen, Victoria. Councilman
Brlce slowly v rose < to read , his : resolution
but Councilman- Murray forestalled him
by. moving an adjournment. This motion
was noticed by President! Guggenheimer
and the . Council voted in- the affirmative
despite the expostulations of Mr. - Brlce. '
BRICE NOT, BECOGNIZED.
dressed to Poles. It was largely attended
and speeches were made by prominent
Polish members of. the Reichstag and
Diet, one of whom said that Emperor Wil
liam must drop the title of Grand "buke
of Posen if he will not . recognize the"
Polish language.
leaders, a medical student named Vladi
slav Boleveski, escaped across the Aus
trian frontier.
On Emperor William's birthday an in
dignation meeting was held by the Poles
In Posen to protest against the recent
postal practice of not delivering mall ad-
would meet, hand down decisions and ad
journ for another two weeks, was con
strued to Indicate an extra session of
Congress.
BEBEL INDIANS ATTACK
GOVERNMENT FOECES
Machine Guns Necessary to Repel
Onslaught of Yucatan Penin
sula Natives.
CITT OF MEXICO. Jan. 29.— Some
troops escorting laborers engaged in open
ing roads in the southern part of -the
peninsula of Yucatan were desperately
attacked yesterday by 1000 rebel; Indians;
xrho were only driven off by the employ
ment of machine guns. The engagement
took place near Santa Crux.
BERLIN. Jan. ».-The Prussian author
ities in the Polish provinces of Prussia
have discovered evidence of the existence
cf Eecret societies aiming at a revolution
ary rising. A number of arrests have
been made In Posen. One of the' ring-
POLISH PROVINCES OF PRUSSIA PLANNING
AN UPRISING AGAINST GERMAN EMPIRE
Leaders Demand That Emperor. William Drop the Title of Grand Duke of
Posen or Recognize the Polish Language.
day and urged each> to enforce the law
against saloons. .'¦•'
' A special from Arkansas City, , Kans..
says: This morning a report that Mrs.
Carrie Nation would be in this city about
the middle of this week was circulated
and Immediately the Joint keepers began
making preparations to prevent her from
destroying their property. Barricades
that can- be put in place at a moment's
notice have. been constructed and sentries
will be placed about town to give, warn
ing of her approach. This city ia the home
of Rev. B. H.' Moore, who last fall was
a* candidate on the Prohibition ticket for
Secretary, of .State. It is said that he will
assist Mrs., Nation in her work here.
Later Mrs. Nation responded to an In
vitation to address the convention, and
When Mrs. Nation heard what had been
done Fhe cried a little and then began to
scld those who hid planned the surprise.
She said sho would take the money and
turn it over to the fund to aid her work,
but that she would have no medaj.
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. 23.— The Kansas
Temperance Union, which is holding its
annual convention here to-day, subscribed
aver $100 to purchase a gold medal for
Mrs. Carrie Nation. Mrs. Hutchinson,
president of th* State Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, was made chairman
of a committee to design and purchase the
mr-cnl.
her remarks were vigorously applauded.
Yesterday when Mrs. Nation called on
him. County Attorney Nichols had told
her that he believed In resubmission. and
to-day she said that before he pushed re-
KUbmlsslon on the people she would throw
her hatchet at his head. .
Mrs. Nation said she would remain in
Topeka until every one of the 120 saloons
is closed. "I will petition the Governor
every day." she said. "I will see the Leg
islature. I will talk and talk and talk. I
will use all the influence I can, and if tWs
does not suffice— well, there . are other
means." , . ,¦
, Mrs. Nation called upon the Sheriff, the
City Attorney and the Probate Judge to-
Mrs. Nation Will Petition the Governor and Legislature of Kansas Daily,, and
Threatens to Talk and Talk and Talk.
CARRIE, THE SALOON SMASHER, REFUSES
TO ACCEPT A MEDAL FROM WOMEN
Titles and Length of Reign and Lifo
Related in Latin.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The following is the
inscription on the coffin of Queen VIc-
Et Excellentisslmae '
Del Gratia nritannlartum Reglna»
Fldol Detendsoris . ./*•-:
Et Indlae ImDeratrtds ; \' • -
TJta . Januarii,
' Anno' Domini MDCCXTCI.
Aetatls Suae LOCXXII.
. ReKn'iQUeSui LXIV.
SETTLING BIG PRIVATE DEBT.
Alleged Transactions Between King
and ; Emperor.
BERLIN. Jan. 29.— The Vorwaerts (So
cialist organ) to-day printed a remarkable
story to. the. effect that Emperor Wil
liam's sudden departure for England was
INSCRIPTION ON. COFFIN.
The King, the Queen. Emperor William
and other members of the royal family
will embark on board the royal yacht
Victoria and Albert.
Bluejackets will bear the coffin from the
pier to the royal yacht Alberta, where Ad
miral Seymour, four naval aides de camp
and two ladles in watting will accompany
the remains.
borne from Osborne House by. the Queen's
Highlanders, • Friday at 1:45 p. m., to a
gun carriage. The household of the late
Queen, the' royal servants and the ten
antry will be drawn up on the carriage
drive. The Queen's pipers will lead the
procession through the King's gate to
Trinity pier.. There will be an imposing
military display along the route, massed
bands and drummers playing funeral
marches. . Behind the coffin will walk Ad
miral; Seymour, 'first and principal aids
de camPjtalQueen Victoria since 1S39; the
King. Emperor: William, the Duke tot Con-,
naught/ Crown 'prince 'Frederick wnilam
of Germany.- the • Duke -of York. Prince
Henry of Prussia. Prince Christian of
Schleswlg-Holsteln and other princes.
Then will come Qrjeen Alexandra, the
Duchess of York and other princesses.
VIENNA; Jan. 29.— Extraordinary sig
nificance Is attached by the triple alUanco"
to present events In England. King Ed
ward's speech to the Kaiser is regarded
as evidence of. a lasting Anglo-German
understanding. It 1<* not thought improb
able that a treaty has been concluded
between England, and Germany, it being
pointed out that the political considera
tion and coolness of a large section of the
German people would prevent the publi
cation of such an arrangement.
Between England and Germany.
Belief That There Is a Secret Treaty
TBIPLE ALLIANCE CONCERNED.
KINO'S LATE RESIDENCE.
It "Will Probably Be Purchased for
the Duchess of Marlborough.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— There is a great deal
of surmise as to what disposition will be
made of the King's late residence. Both
the King and Queen Alexandra are de
voted to Sandrlngham, so his Majesty
probably will retain that place, but It la
thought Marlborough House will be given
up. In the event of the Duke and Duchess
of York not desiring to reside there it Is
considered likely that William K. Vander
bilt will purchase the place for the Duke
and Duchess of Marlborough. which the
Duchess has long desired.
In official circles here the Vorwaerts'
story Is characterized as a gigantic hoax.
not only due to a desire to bid farewell
to his dying grandmother, but still mort
to the Prince of Wales' urgent wish to
settle a private debt affair to j the Em
peror before ascending the throne. This
debt, the Vorwaerts asserted, amounted
to 21,000.000 marks, which Emperor Fred
erick," immediately after beginning his
reign, loaned the Prince of Wales In
order to place the latter In a position to
pay accumulated debts to the amount of
24.00.000 marks. The loaned - money. It
was further . asserted, was part of the
savings. -amounting to 56.000,000 marks.
"left-.by, , Emperor I. Count von
Etolberg, then Minister of the Imoerial
household, the Vorwaerts also said, vain
ly opposed the paying out of the 24.C00.CCO
marks and thereupon resigned.
THE DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH MAY SOON OWN MARLBOROUGH
HOUSE, THE LATE RESIDENCE OF KING EDWARD. WILLIAM
K. VANDERBILT INTENDS TO BUY IT FOR HIS DAUGHTER.
"You stand convicted of murder In the
second degree. Had you been found
guilty of murder In the first degree pun
ishment would have been death, but the
leniency of the Jury in the exercise of
its lawful authority saved you from the
gallows. We~must administer laws as
they are. It is true these sentences will
destroy your lives, obliterating every
prospect of an honorable existence among
the people. The court cannot make any
distinction, but must sentence you for
this crime. I trust the fearful conse
quences of this crime will help young
men and young women of this com
munity and point out to them that they
cannot hope to secure happiness outside
*
McAliFter, Campbell and Death were
then told to stand up. McAHster and
Campbell looked extremely pale, and
Death had the appearance of suffering
greatly under the strain.
Judge Dixon, addressing the_three. pris
oners, paid:
in McAllster's behalf, urging previous
good character and high family connec
tions.
PATERSON. N. J.. Jan. 29.— Walter
C. McAlister. William A. Death
and Andrew J. Campbell, who
were four.d guilty of murder In
the second degree for the killing
<-f Jennie Bcs?chieter. on October IS, 1900.
by the administration of chloral and
subsequent aFsault, together with George
J. Kerr. who pleaded non vult contendere
to a charge of assault, were brought into
the Court rf Oyer and Termlner here to
day for sentence by Judge Dixon.
McAllFter. Campbell and Death were
*aoh sentenced to thirty years' imprison
ment at hard labor, and Kerr to fifteen
years' imprlfonment at hard labor. The
sentences are the full terms of imprison
ment which the law provides.
The court Ta.« crowded to its ut
most capacity. The corridors of the
Courthouse was also filled with people.
et5<5 on the Fidewa'k crowds were assem
bled. In the courtroom the father, step
mother and sister of Jennie Bosschleter
f«x«r " or<*?j given eValif ~*rfiefe~"lh>y could
ha* a a jrood view of all that transpired..
A few minutes after court had been de
clared open McAHster. Campbell and
r>*>ath were brought in by Deputy
Sheriffs.
The proceedings began with a plea by
Michael Dunn, one of the attorneys for
the convicted men. for clemency for his
clients. He urged that in the cases of
r>*»ath and Campbell the question of their
reformation was worthy of consideration
by the court. He presented a petition
!=!pmed by many citizens asking for mercy
for Campbell, who had been known for
many years by the petitioners as indus
trious, temperate and of good character.
Former Judge Scott addressed the court
The four prisoners were promptly re
moved from the courtroom after shaking
hands with their counsel and a few
friends.
"The evidence in this case does not say
that you helped In administering the drug,
but participated in the ravishment of the
girl. In one respect your case is worse
than the others. You were older and had
more obligations for virtue. You had a
wife worthy of the highest affections and
children for your concern, but you* dis
regarded all and permitted yourself to
drift awayfrom(««pMper domMtie^llfe
and now'youstand here a wreck of vice
and crime— and such a crime! No wonder
it shocked the community and startled
every womanly and manly heart. That
pitiless ride, that dastardly outrage, the
poor victim laid dead by the roadside, re
gardless of whether she would be found
by kind friends or by beasts. How gladly
would I spare your relatives, but in the
exercise of my duty I cannot withhold
anything which the sentence of the law
requires. The sentence of the court is
that you be imprisoned In the State prison
at Trenton for a term of fifteen years at
hard labor."
Judge Dixon at once proceeded to pass
sentence. He said, addressing the pris
oner:
"There Is no one who can say that the
prisoner has not been honorable In his
past relations and that he has not been
a peaceable citizen."
George Kerr was then called to the bar
and by his attorney entered a plea of non
vult contendere to the charge of assault.
In entering the plea counsel asked the
court to exercise clemency. He spoke of
the prisoner's father, said now to be dying
as a result, at least In part, of the trouble
into which the son had fallen: of his sis
ters, wife and six children, one of the lat
ter only two months old, and concluded
by saying:
of virtue^ and honor. The sentence of
the cour/ is that each of you be Im
prisoned In the State prison at hard
labor for a term of thirty years."
How the Queen's B-emains Will Be
Borne to London.
COWES. Jan. 29.*— The coffin will be
LONDON. Jan. 29.— King Edward
VII and the Duke of Cambridge
arrived In London at 3 o'clock to
day. A large crowd welcomed tho
¦'v King at Victoria station. His
Majesty will finally approve pf the funeral
arrangement during the afternoon.
The .Earl Marshal, *he Duke of Norfolk,
was unable to see King Edward In order
to obtain his Majesty's final sanction for
,the funeral arrangements. Nothing, there
fore, has been definitely settled except
the programme for Friday, already
cabled.
"Queen Victoria's explicit directions. a3
to her funeral were written In 18G2," says
Truth x , "and have not been altered In aay
material respect. It was her wish th.it
the ceremonial should copy j that of
Prince Albert's burial as far as possible.
The Queen will be 'the first English sov
ereign who will not be burled at night
and by torchlight." '
The War Office has Invited colonial offi
cers and soldiers In England to take part
in the funeral 1 procession. Minute guns
will be fired from all ships In the Solent
and at Cowes, commencing when the Al
berta-leaves Trinity pier. Each ship will
cease firing. immediately after the end of
the procession passes her. When the pro
cession has passed the battleship Majestic
the forts and ships in Portsmouth har
bor will commence firing minute guns and
will continue to do so until the Alberta 5s
alongside. No standards will be displayed.
Ensigns and Union Jacks will be half
masted. Admirals' flags will be fully
hoisted.
As the procession passes each ship its
crew will present arms and then rest
upon reversed arms until the procession
has gone, the band meanwhile playing
funeral marches.
This morning there wn- a rehearsal
along the route of the funeral procession.
The eight Hanoverian horses which wUl
draw the gun carriages took a heavilv
laden brake, estimated. to be of the weight
of the gun carriage and coffin, over th»
route. Numerous carriages followed and
a number of mounted men representing
the foreign princes and others who will
ride In the procession.-
It has been arranged that the Eton boys
will line the route frcm.tho Long/ Walk
gates to Castle! while the mili
tary' KnlghtsTof .Windsor will be on duty
In tho chapel' during/the funeral services.
It'is now understood, the funeral In Lon
don , will . be ; approximately as follows:
A sovereign's escort of one hundred Life
Guards, the massed bands of three regi
ments of Foot Guards. Field Marshal Earl
Roberts and . the headquarters staff, an
army gun carriage with the body. th-»
King, supported by the German Emperor,
the- King of Portugal and other reigning
sovereigns in the order of precedence; the
Dukes of Connaught and York, the equer
ries and aides de camp In attendance on
royal personages. Queen' Alexandra, tho
Duchess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha,.an<1
other royal princesses. In four carriages,
deeply draped, and. n.t the rear of tho
procession, another sovereign's escort of
one hundred Life Guards. It Is estimated
that sixty royal princesses will participate
In the procession.
As the funeral will be of a mllltarv
character, there 'probably will be no pall
bearers, though possibly at "Windsor cer
•taln generals will act In this capacity
while the coffin Is being carried up. the
nave of St. Geonre's Chanel.'
•For the first time since his accession the
King's train to-day, was 'preceded by a
pilot engine. His Majesty was vocifer
ously cheered on his way to Marlborough
House v
Tho ' Privy Council has ordered the
Archbishop of Canterbury to prepare a
special form of service in commemoration
of the- Queen,- to be used in all churches
in the kingdom Saturday.
GREAT MILITARY DISPLAY.
Wish of the Deeeased Ruler That Her Funeral Ceremonial
Should Be Similar to That at Prinee Albert's Burial.
Great Military and Naval Display Has Been Arranged
The third principle is the matter of the
big public debt for the Island. Here the
Spanish bonds come In. Such a debt must
be limited. A big public debt.with conse
quent obligations' to possible various na
tlons would be regarded as a constant
menace and a probable-basis for war.
Next, the United States, after all the
trouble It has had over Cuba has no ide.i
of permitting the. Cubans to enter- inro
treaties that will be obnoxious and unfair
to this country, either of a commercial or
other nature.
In some manner, either Jn the constitu
tion or in negotiations, the result of which
must be guaranteed by the convention
and people, the Cubans must pledge them
selves to three important principles. The
first of these concerns the right to declare
war. It Is asserted that the United States
cannot permit the Cubans to embroil
themselves in trouble with any nation to
the possible great danger of thjs country.
Therefore, In plain language, there must
be some kind of supervision of the war
making right of tho fighting Cubans.
It Is undoubtedly the desire of the Presi
dent that there shall be sojne documo-it
that will forever show that this country
has not been Ignored. Without some such
provision the Cuban convention would
have been called in vain, , as its work
would not be accepted by the Government.
Cuba's relations to this country must not
be such as will allow the possibility of for
eign Interference and of turmoil to the
detriment and worry of this Government.
President Mcklnlcy and. his advlsei?
are re«ot#<vd^ti&t Cuba- must i not -b*>~t 6ot»
loose - In • the matter of her International
relations: that she must not be vested
with power to engage in war which would
prove detrimental to the Interests of this
Government, and that the United States
must take reasonable precautions against
any such entanglements . on the j part of
Its ward.
The Cabinet was of the opinion that Its
first duty toward Cuba, which consisted
of pacification and restoration of order
on the Island, having been performed, the
problem now confronting Congress and
the President was to establish the stab>
government referred to In the Cuban reso
lutions adopted nearly three years ago.
The Cuban constitutional convention w;'.l
try. of course, to map out that form rt
government, but before it becomes oper
ative It must be submitted to and ap
proved by the United States.'
While the deliberations were necessarily
tentative in their general character, one
conclusion was reached. It was thit
whatever form of government might be
established In the Island, the United
States must always exercise a restraining
guiding: influence over Cuba and its peo
ple. The exact character of these rela
tions, from an International or legal stand
point, it would be difficult now to define,
but the power exercised by this Govern
ment would be somewhat In the nature of
a protectorate.
CALL BUREAU. 140C G STREET, N. W.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— It would be
impossible to exaggerate the seriousness
with whlchf the Cabinet discussed the
Cuban situation to-day. The early adop
tion of a constitution by the Cuban con
vention has made a paramount necessity
of the United States determining: at an
early date "the relations which are here
after to exist between the island and thJs
Government •¦ and the Cabinet began I o
consider' the' question to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fighting Natives Will-Not
Be Permitted to Wage
War on Nations.
Protectorate Will Be
Kept Over the
Island,
CUBA MUST
REMAIN UNCLE
SAMS WARD
QUEEN VICTORIA THE FIRST BRITISH
SOVEREIGN NOT TO BE BURIED AT
NIGHT AND BY LIGHT OF TORCHES
The San Francisco CallSOME OF THOSE DEEPLY INTERESTED IN THE PARIS COMMISSION INVESTIGATION
LOS.ANGEL.ES. Jan. 29.— Robert E.
Ros«5. son of Judge Ersklne M. Ross of
the United States Circuit Court, left for
Sacramento to-day. Mr. Ross > was ono
of the assistant secretaries to the Paris
Exposition Commissioners, and is sub
penard by the legislative investigating
committee to tell what he knows concern-
Ing the action of the commissioners In
their ofnclalcapadty. ¦ ' • ' : • • ¦
Boss Will Testify.
Runyon wbb positive about nothing,. but
Foote was certain. of two things— one that
the advertising the commission had given
California -was worth all the money that
had v been spent, and; the other was his
opinion about various persons with whom
he had officially associated; -Truman he
said, got drunk and fitole' wine; Herget
was crazy, and' for.' Mills ' he -would, not
give 2 cents. He roasted Melick for hav
ing distributed copies -of* the Western
Graphic, and he roasted the author, to him
unknown, of the /article which appearea
in the Graphic. -Then he turned again to
Melick and threatened him with a "circu
lator" that had" been sent >. around the
south. When after the adjournment Foote
was Introduced to the committeemen and
Melick came forward ;wlth, outstretched
palm Foote turned- his back. . - •
"I don't shako hands with him," he said
and walked away, ' , ¦ : . '
The only nuestifcn which seems at issue
is that of. the medals... There is official In
formation to the effect that silver medals
were issued by the exposition people atU8
francs, or $3 60 apiece. There Is Gaskill's
signature to letters offering, these medals
for $20. and his name is' signed as secre
tary of the ¦ commission. . . ' : •
. Regarding the exhibit, the Commission
ers declare that :it \ was • h. * good v one--the
best one possible and fully worth \ what it
cost.; There .may^-be testimony -directly
against this, ;but.'stllli it -becomes only; a
question of opinion? after all, t and no- one
can do more than question the good faith
of the "" r " T "'« 1 "" ' '^ <g y !fc ?r a rV"«'"'aft"i>HljB
And as for' the. money: expended; there
will be : vouchers i to ; show for ¦ everything,
and Foote declares, that '.he :haa 'dropped
114,000 of his own . into the muddle : : so * no
one expects any result from the Investiga
tion of the expenditures except,. perhaps,
some racy items andthe records of some
Gaskill could tell that, arid-while'Run
yon was willing to assume some responsi
bility for the acts of the secretary, : Foote
was not. He disclaimed; absolutely, hav
ing had anything to do with the distribu
tion of the medals except to suggest "that
a letter be written to those who had been
awarded prizes. ' . ¦" ¦> .
Grangers' Hall had been selected by the;
committee, so there ¦; would -.be. room .to'r\
visitors, and right gladly did people avail,
themselves of the opportunity.. -''Mingled
with the general public were, AsBembly
men and Senators, who dropped in to see
and stayed to hear. The hall was dingy
and draughty and uncomfortable/and jta
floor was covered with. sawdust/ as if in
preparation for a political. meeting :butiit
was filled all through the afternooiv'and,
some of the Assemblymen: did not;hesitate
to take standing room along' the -wall. ¦ .
Gaskill seems to have attended t to, all the
business of the commlssion' ; .andr r to;.ha v ei
handled all of its money, t. Runyon vcpula'
not name a single man' in California, ex-;
cept himself, who received 'a modal ' qr, r a',
prize of any kind from^.the exposition.* He!
did not know what It < cost to fit up the!
headquarters «n Paris ;»;jielthei\ did -Foote/;
The vouchers would show/ . He .did:'.' riot,
know how the distribution of the 'medals'
was arranged; neither did Foote/ '. V '
wishes to know about the Paris
Commission. This was the sum of the tes
timony given to-day, with many delays
and many promptings, by Commissioner
Runyon and Commissioner Foote. So far
as Runyon was concerned the proceedings
were quiet. With Foote they were stormy;
and through much of 'it all the -audience
laughed and Joked and: 1 en vied' -the. men
who had been puch good fellows at such
lavish expenditure. - -
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— The vouchers
will show and Gaskill can tell
anything the Assembly committee
"On the Fourth of July." he said, with
growing . enthusiasm, we thought it
would be a good plan to '¦ have a big:cele
bration— a Fourth of . July ; celebration in
the heart of Paris;" so we hired Sousa's
band to play f or. us all the afternoon and
until late at night, and we paid the band
$1000 for, It, too.- This money; was made up
by ! subscription among ,the Calif or nians.
Then, in the evening, .we had a supper and
speeches and stnging, and we had four or
five thousand men in the rooms and 25.000
crasy Frenchmen r outside cheering • the
'Star , Spangled Banner.' ' It did < more . to
advertise California than , anything ". else
that was done.' .Why, there are thousands
of .those Frenchmen v who think the United
States, is in -California." ¦••;¦•¦• ¦
r In answer to the question; "Did you re
main in ' Paris all the time?'-' Foote ?re
plied that » he ¦ had . made \ the grand tour
visiting among other places Monte Carlo
where he -won money enough ; to pay s for
the trip. \? He also visited the battlefield 'of
Waterloo and , had a : long : argument with
an '-. Englishman: who ! was not ~ willing "• to
give Napoleon sufficient) credit.- 1 » . -' -. •
~ About Gaskill' s ; salary,^ he said when > h»
gofto Paris he was told'the' other Com-
This ' apology was accepted and : then
the committee got down to business..
Mr. -Foote described the public entertain
mentsUhey had;
"If you had been away doing what you
could to carry out the plans and serve the
Interests of the State, and came home: to
meet such a reception as this, you would
not blame a ¦ man, when > he • had his • first
chance to get back at those who were
slandering him." •
There was more. in a similar vein, and
finally Foote stopped.more from lack of
breath and rising rage than from any
paucity of adjectives or invective. Then
Treadwell, who had been trying for some
time to get a word In edgeways, said he
did not think the committee should listen
to such /language, as the members were
only doing their duty and should not bo
compelled to hear themselves Included in
such denunciation. He said if there was
any more of the same kind he would take
it as -^ a personal insult.' • Foote quieted
down and excused himself in this way:.
.'.-. Foote's statement was long, and strong
and comprehensive. He wanted an inves
tigation, he said, and he had told the
Governor so. The Governor had letters
to show this, letters that any one might
see, * he- declared, not realizing that tho
.Governor -had been keeping these same
letters very quiet. If there had been any
thing" wrong In the management of; the
commission- he wanted to know of it, and
if there had been any misappropriation
of the fnmls ' he was as anxious as the
committee to find out who had gone
wrong.: . . • ¦
i,-."l; want charges made here," he de
clared,"'definite cha/ges, and not anony
mous ones, and I. Will send the man who
makes -them to 'the penitentiary for per-
Jury.j; I have never been accused of dis
honesty, and any one who accuses me now
lies." -Every dollar the commission ever
spent, can be accounted for by vouchers,
and I- dan' account for 514,000 more of my
own money that has gone with It. I. didn't
want. ; to :be ;-a Paris Commissioner.. I
wante4;to go-.to Paris as a private .clti
zen;-and^if I >ha'd done so it would'.not
have cost me as much- as it has. I de
clined-the appointment, but under pres
sure r J, took It. I have done what I
thought best, and'now to have dirty, filty,
vile slanders heaped upon me, anonymous
ly and maliciously, is something I will not
Stand." »
good times. And as for charges and coun
ter charges about personal conduct, the
committee will hardly go Into them, and
the Commissioners will not force matters.
Runyon wan the first witness called
after the resolution ordering the commit
tee to hold the investigation was read.
There were present Chairman Bliss,
Treadweil. Stewart of Amador, Melick,
Irving, Hasson and Brady, the full mem
bership of the committee. Treadweil and
• Melick did most of the questioning, as
sisted by Stewart of Amador.
- But: it .was, when he got down to-Tru
man that Foote became really Interested.
"Why not call Truman and ask him how
much wine he took - away," the lawyer
shouted when he was asked .how much
wine was taken from the headquarters to
the Commissioners' rooms.- "Truman used
to take it out under his coat— his coat all
buttoned up to hide it; .1 have seen him
do it fifty times, stealing wine like that
and iqe too./ He used to load his pockeis
up with ice until they leaked all over, his
clothes. I don't know how many times I
caught him stealing wine. I was not spy-
Ing on him. He could have taken it open
ly if he wanted to, as I did. Whenever
I wanted to take any wine I'just calhd
a fiacre, or a fiaster or a fiasco, or what
ever you call it, and told; the boy to load
it In. and make out a. bill. I paid for all
the wine I got and more, too. I paid for
some for Truman. Here I have the re
ceipt. 54 francs for three. bottles of Pom
mery* at 18 ¦ francs a bottle. , .1 paid that
.because I. didn't "want any one to think
any. one of the Commissioners was drink*
ing wine he would not pay. for. and I saw
'ltuman drunk in : 'Henry's* and helpless
too, and s he " was drunk ' one morning at
breakfast and had not been to •> bed tho
nieht * before . at all. •. I , had trouble w« t h
him all right. I soaked him three or four
times— good ones, too."' -.''-"* ,'^U .;
But here the committee .stopped thit
line . of testimony. • v; • vp u tnnt
Regarding Gustav, L. Hergefs - claim
that.the committee. owed him money for
a book, Foote made an explanation of th«
whole, transaction, starting and endln »
with r the statement that "Herget "i%
crazy." : . •. ; . . .
Regarding the^ medals, Foote said that
if they were sold for $20. when they couM
have been had for $3 60,;. or 18 francs, then
tome one was stealing. -He did not know
anything about the matter. - . - ow
¦. Runyon's testimony 'brought: but 'littlj
light on the tangle.- Chairman -Bliss be
gan his examination 1 by reading. his ques
tions," for the most ' part " f romt a : prepared
list.' ,'After" several questions 'regarding
the ¦ organization ' ; of the commission, - Bliss
asked:—.', ,• ... ' : "?\:.',-/. .".;'-:;". -7
' Q.— Is" it . customary ': to ¦- acknowledge : the : re
ceipt of exhibits? .A.— No, I think not. No let-
mlssioners had agreed to raise It from
$250 to $300, and so he agreed. He told of
the banquet to Mr. dc Young, which he
said was altogether in the hands of Tru
man and Gaskill, and he told of a lunch
eon he had given to Mayor Phelan, which
"was paid for out of my own pocket,
too." He said, he thoueht the act crea;
ing the commission- allowed the Commis
sioners to entertain, but when he was
asked what these 'entertainments cost ho
said the vouchers would show.
In regard to the awards, Foote said the
French style was to issue a certificate en
titling a man to a medal, and then if . ho
wanted the medal he could - pay for It
He suggested that Gafkill write to thoso
who had received awards and inform
them of this and procure medals for them
If they wanted them, and (Jnsklll had done
this; but Foote did not see how the com
missioners were concerned In the mat
ter, nor did he wish to be bothered with
it. It was not his business, he said. " The
names of those wlio received award)
were taken from the official list, and
among those names was that of N P
Chlpman, who made no exhibit. :• Foote
said he did not know hpw. Chipman'*
name got there, but it was there. In tho
official list, bo he was written to as were
the others. Foote -3ald he did not know
where the money from those seeking med
als went to. He did not know anything
about the. money and did not "hold him
self responsible for it.
As to the exhibits, he did not understand
that any of them were to be returned,
and when he was shown a receiot'-for a
number of cases of wine. ; held I by - the
Southern California Wine Association and
signed by Gaskill, agreeing to sell the
wines receipted for and to make return
therefor, he said it was the first he knew
of any such. understanding,- and he could
not explain It.
STANFORD
BILL PASSES
ASSEMBLY
Confers Full Corpo
rate Powers Upon
Trustees.
Committees Report on the
Cost of Tlieir Junket-
Jnu Excursions.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— The Assembly this
morning passed ten bills, some of them
measures of considerable Importance. As
sembly bill 191, conferring full corporate
powers and privileges on the trustees of
Stanford University, was passed without
a dissenting vote.
McNeil's bill appropriating $2000 for a
steelhead trout hatchery on Eel River 'a
Humboldt County al3O met no opposition.
Others that were passed are as follows:
Atherton'a bill. 253. providing for thj
payment by the State of the costs of trial
of a convict for crime committed in tha
W'hittier State School or the Preston
School of Industry; Kelley's bill. 14. t'»
prevent the drugging of. horses, dogs ana
other animals, except lor medicinal pur
poses: Assembly bill 167, by Dunlap: As-
sembly bill 42. by Foster; Assembly bill
54. by Clarke; Assembly bill 145. by John
son; Assembly bill 8. by Melick; Assembl/
b!ll 1S7, by Stewart of San Diego.
The Committee on State Hospitals ana
Asylums resorted the cost of its triD to
Agnews to be $223 20. The Committee on
State Prisons and Reformatory Institu
tions, presented a bill of $214 20 for ex
penses of its trip to San Quentin.
Resolutions of sympathy for Assembly
man Oscar Sutro on account of tho deatra
of his mother were adopted by a rising
vote.
ANOTHER COIiTTERENCE
ON CONFERENCE RULE
Assembly Will Again Attempt to
Beach an Agreement "With
the Senate.
CAL.L. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 23.— Brown of San Mateo
reported in the Assembly this morning
that the Committee on Free Conference
on the joint rules had been unable to
agree with tha Senate committee, and on
his motion the committee was discharged.
Brown asserted that such a rule as tho
Senate insisted upon If In force In Con
gress would stop the wheels of legislation:
and that if unlimited free conferences
were prevented the Senate would be In a
position to dictate to the Assembly in
matters of legislation. .
Ralston said the Assembly had been re
ferred to as the steerage of the ship ftf
state, and the Senate was inclined to look
upon the Assembly as a body of secondary
importance. .He contended that tha As
sembly was under no obligation to rescind
a rule upon demand of the Senate — a rule
to which the Senate had agreed two years
a so.
Johnson moved that a new committee
on free conference be appointed. Jamea of
Los Angeles opposed further attempt for
the present to eonfer with the Senate in,
view of the Senate's refusal yesterday to
appoint' a^new -committee on • free, ¦•confer
ence. Johnson said in reply that the ap
pointment of 8v new committee- would put
the Assembly on record as being willing
to continue the attempt to reach an agree
ment. .
The motion for the appointment of a
new free conference committee was
passed.
o — But why did you Increase the salary In
stead of the allowance for expenses? A.— Well,
for efficiency.
Stewart of Amador asked some ques
tions, directing them mainly to the wit
ness' knowledge of exhibits of mining'
sDeclmens and oranges, which are alleged
not to have been returned to the exhibit
ors but Runyon had returned from Paris
too' early to have personal knowledge of
these matters.
The visitors books. Runyon continued,
would show how many people had called
at the heada: uarters ' but he had no idea
himself what the number was.
To questions by Melick. Runyon told
how a collective exhibit was the desire of
the commission, so that California could
compete with the world, but they were
compelled to scatter their exhibit through
the. United States exhibit. Regarding the
expenditure of the $116,000, Runyon sala
the money passed through Gasktll's
hands, but everything he did was passed
upon by at least two of the Commission*
ers. and they signed every draft or check.
The fact, was then brought out that the
commission has an expert working on the
book3; that there remains of the $130,000
$19,000, and against this there are charges
that will bring it down to $16,000. This
sum will be turned over to the State.
A letter from Mr. Emlay, one of the em
ployes of the commission, offering for a
certain sum to take Charge of a certain
exhibit, was read, but Runyon said he
knew nothing of that, and that the em
ployes of the commission were expected
to care for the exhibits without extra pay.
This evening the Governor, Commission
er Foote, Commissioner Runyon, Secre
tary "Gaskill and 'Mr. Bliss held a long
conference in Mr. Foote's rooms in the
Capital Hotel. • •
After the conference it was announced
that it was merely a discussion over the
affairs of the commission; that the Gov
ernor is very friendly, personally, with
tho Commissioners, and he was only hav
ing afriendly talk with them. It was not
explained ' why the chairman of the- in
vestigating committee was included in the
conference.
To-morrow, it Is. understood, Gaskiil
will refer/the whole subject of the medalj
to Emlay. who will show receipts from
those issuing the medals for all sums he
received In response to letters. That
money was sent to Gaskill personally ia
explained by the fact that commis
sion, not being a corp6ratlon. could not
keep a deposit at any bank and there
fore financial business had to be trans
acted in the name of some one— In thi3
Instance in the name of Varney Gaskill,
the secretary. - ¦ ¦ m ¦
, Treadweil took the Commissioner in
hand. He asked:- '"*V
q Did you elect a s«:retary before the date
; of formal organization? A.— Yes.
Q— What salary did you allow him? A.—
$250 per month.
Q —What rent did you pay for your head
quarters In the Occidental Hotel In San Fran
cisco? A.— I don't remember, but there are
the vouchers. T*~
q _of what did your headquarters at 8 Place
de l'Opera consist? A.— Of an office, two re
ception rooms, two rooms for exhibits, an en
trance hall and two rooms in the rear, where
ths secretary lived. ~".-,
Q— What rent did you pay? A.— T\e had to
take a lease for threw years. Minus a- rebate
the cost was about J5500.
q —when did the exposition close? A.— The
middle of November.
Q —When did you return? A.— I cama back
about the middle of August. I *W worked
about six months getting the exhibits together.
Q — Did you raise Mr. Gasklll's salary? A.—
We did— to $300— about the time I left Paris.
q _why dl1 you give him the increase? A.—
The cost of living was high in Paris—every
thing had advanced— and he could not live as
became his position on the salary we had first
s Q*!!.But he had his apartments free at the
headquarters? A.-Tes; he was to get his llv-
Inr expenses and a salary. ¦"
5 —Was there a limit for his living ex
penses? A. Yes. The minutes will show the
amount.
Gaskill volunteered the Information that
it was at first $125. then $150 per month.
the four porters. . - . # .
Flsk objected to the fact that the news
papers got so much of the Inside on the
caucuses. He felt particularly aggrieved
that the San Francisco delegation had had
to bear all the burden of obloquy of the
increase in the salary list. He thoueht it
the duty of the country members to stand
by the caucus action and not make a
scapegoat of the San Francisco dele
gation.
ters were written from Paris for that pur
pose
Q.— Have you returned all the exhibits to
their owners?. A.— No. There ar« twenty-six
boxes that have not yet arrived containing
some of the exhibits.
Q._What was the cost of collecting and In
stalling the exhibits? A.— I can't say off hand,
but the vouchers will show. .
Q.— What was the amount expended In sal
aries of attaches? A.— Really. I can't say.
The vouchers will show all that.
O._Why did you not have a collective ex
hibit of California products? A.— The French
Government would not permit It. No nation
was allowed to make a collective exhibit
Q.— On what basis were your - attache!
chosen? A.— On the ground of their ntnsss to
hold the positions. • ; . ' -' " ¦'¦¦
q is it customary for successful exhibitors
to pay for the medals they receive? A.— I un
derstand it i»." .' " * ' ' i " " , , , _
Q —How 'Were- th* "awards -m*de- at Parts?
A.— By ; Jurors of the nations.
q attaches of your commission were
discharged did their pay always stop? A.—
The vouchers will show. .
CALL ' HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEN'TO, Jan. 28.— The Republican As
semblymen caucused again this afternoon
on the question of patronage, of which
the over-zealous San Francisco members
made such a mess last week. As a re
sult of to-day's deliberations. Jacob Step
pacher, Thomas Delehanty and Major
Geary probably will be jjlven place3, but
the question of the four "unattached"
porters is still in the air.
Some of the members complained that
they had not obtained appointments up to
the limit of their patronage allowance.
Among these was Hourlgan, who has the
fifty cents yet coming which he refused to
give away or .risk in a dice game acalnst
a like amount of patronage. The problem
(was ' referred by the caucus to the old
patronage committee, with instructions to
report to-morrow afternoon, when another
caucus ia to be held. If it is found that
there remain enough scraps which pieced
together would give the four porters of
the sergeant at arms' apportionment regu
lar positions on the payroll, all will be
well. Otherwise there will be trouble
among the faithful. This reference to the
committee was made after a statement by
Chairman Kelley that all apparently had
voted understanding^ in the former cau
cus on the appointment of Stepijacher.
Geary and Delehanty, and that the only
misunderstanding had been in regard to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PYROTECHNICS MARK THE FIRST
DAY'S PARIS COMMISSION INQUIRY
SteDiracher, Deleliantu and
Gearu ProteMu Will
" GetTlaces-
PATRONAGE
IS AGAIN TO
THE FORE
Assembly Caucus Con
siders the Vexed
; Question.
CALL HEADQUARTERS SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 23.— Senator Nelson has in
troduced a bill providing for a State tax
on all saloons or places where liquor is
Fold, the tax to be collected by the county
Tax Collectors. His bill provides that
all persons or corporations carrying on
the business of gelling spirituous, vinous
or malt liquors, anywhere in the State of
California, shall, for each t=tore. ware
room, office, apartment or place where
Euch business is carried on, pay to the
Btate $6 per annum, which license shall be
payable quarterly In advance.
It is provided that the . Tax Collector
shall ha'-e 10 r»er cent of- all cuch taxes
as he collects. Py^BSSsSB
BILL PROVIDING FOR
STATE TAX ON SALOONS
Assembly bill No. IZi. by Hljjby pro
vides for the registration of all boats
vessels or craft not required to be regis
tered under the laws of the Federal Gov
ernment. The registration is to be with
the County Reorder, for which a fee of
60 cents is to be charged. The bill pro
vides that a number shall -be assigned to
each vessel registered^ which shall be dis,,
played on the prow of the vessel along
with the name.
Chiles introduced a bill amending- the
act to provide for the formation of agri
cultural districts by placing Sacramento
and Volo counties together in the For
tieth District.
Anderson of Santa Clara introduced two
tills carrying appropriations of $51,009 and
$41,000 for the San Jose State Normal
School, as Introduced in the Senate yes
terday.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— Among the new bills
Introduced to-fiay in the Assembly was
cne radically changing the present law of
civorce. Sheridan is its author. The
changep reposed is one of procedure. The
lil 11 provides for an Interlocutory- decree
at the end of a divorce trial, settling facts
end property rijfhts but carrying with it
no civorce. Appeal may be taken within
Elxty days. At the end of a year after
Jts entry the court, on motion of either
party not In default, makes a final decree
clfsoivinjr the marriage.
Sheridan's n>easure is designed to re
lieve the present muddle resulting from
the law preventing remarriage within a
year after divorce — which law a bill by
J-Ipk repeals — and at the same time to
avoid the complications that arise if re
marriage Is permitted before the expira
tion of the time during which an appeal
jpny be taken by the other party.
Two more bills with appropriations for
State highways were introduced. Milice
offered one, appropriating $63,000 " for a
road from near San Jaclnto. Riverside
County, southward through the.Cahuilla
and Temeeula valleys into San Diego
County. Broughton introduced the other,
which appropriates $25,000 for a road from*
Far. Fernando to the Fort Tejon road, In
Los Angeles County.
SHEBTDAU PBESENTS
A DIVOkCE MEASURE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 29.— Tha Senate Committee
on Apportionment met this evening and
Fettled the question of Assembly districts
—much to the dissatisfaction of Sacra
mento, however, for she will lose cne of
her present three. It was urged In ex
cuse for the cut that Sacramento I had
three Assemblymen to 46,000 population, or
one to 15,000, when the allotment is one
10 IS.000. Besides, it was urged that the ex
tra district is wanted elsewhere, and Sac
ramento can best snare it because the
Legislature is handy to her and at any
time her prominent citizens could run in
to committee meetings and look out for
themselves. The extra district was al
lotted to Mono, Alpine and Inyo, three
counties that have always been coupled
with others of different Interests and dom
inating population. They have 10,000 popu
latiun among them, but it was thought
they were entitled to an Assemblyman by
themselves. - •
The Senatorial districts are going in as
Cutters bill has them, except those of
Davis, Flint and Smith of Kern. Smith
may have to take Kern, Kings and Tulare,
ana Flint may be shifted from Monterey.
Ban Eenito, Stanislaus and Merced, which
counties are assigned to him by the Cut
ter bill. This proposed district Is con
tidered too unwieldy in size and too di
versified in interest. Davis is anxious to
pass Tuolumne to some one else, and he
may obtain a change.
There is a new scheme in Congressional
apportionment, this time coming from
Santa Clara, whose delegation has about
decided that its county does not want any
of the new Sixth District. The new Con
gressional district. It is proposed, shall in
clude Santa Clara, San Wateo. Santa Cruz.
San Eenito, Monterey. San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara and Ventura, all of which
but San Benito and Santa Clara are coast
counties. It would have a population of
about 171.000, or SitOO short, but it Is claimed
It will soon make up the deficit. The new
district is the outgrowth of a sentiment
that it is better to make one sure Demo
cratic district and seven sure Republican
districts, than eight presumably Republi
can districts with a close chance in two or
three of them. The plan suggested would
leave the central district, made up, of the
San Jbaauin Valley and the counties on
the eastern' line, hopelessly Democratic,
but all the others would be certainly Re
publican.
Al.imeda will not be allowed her eighth
Assemblyman.
Epecial DiFpatch to The Call.
Favors Taking One Ueois
lator From Sacramento -
ICduntu."
SenateApportionment
Committee Reaches
Agreement. -^
MAPS OUT
ASSEMBLY
DISTRICTS
counties.
S. B. SS3, Muenter — Appropriating JSCOO for an
ice manufacturing plant at the Stockton Hos
pital. •• *"« ¦¦-.- < .
S.. B. 2S4, Muenter— Appropriating J8000- for
three new boilers for Stockton .Hospital. •" .
S. B. 3S5, Muenter— Appropriating I15.CC0 for
a roof on female building at Stockton Hospital.
S. 13. 256, MuentiT— To amend section 36 of
the county government act, relating to officers
of townehfps.
• S. B. 387_ Lukens — To provide for ¦ a segre
gated hospital building', and appropriating
110.800 for further equipping the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind Asylum at Berkeley.
S. B. SS8, Lukens— Appropriating $15,000 for a
workshop at the Industrial Home of Mechanical
Trades tor the adult blind.
S. B. 2S3, Lukens— To amend the Penal Code,
relating to crimes against the public health.
S. B. 350, Smith of Los Angeles—Appropriate
lni? trS.COO for the location, construction and
maintenance of a State highway near San
Fernando. ..".--¦-
S. B. 891, Davis— Amending section 2527 of the
Political Code, to validate all contracts for
harbor improvements.
S. B. R<2. Davis— Confirming and ratifying
contracts made by any officer or boards of- of
ficers. .
S. B. S53, Davis— To amend section 2524 of the
Political Code, relating to the San Francisco
Harbor Commissioners. .: • ¦
S. B. 324. Davis— Amending section 2921 of
the Political Cod», relating to Boards of Huper
visors. authorizing the construction of piers,
wharves, etc.
S. B. 295. Davis — To enable steam railroad
companies to complete their railroads, and
authorize the construction of railroads.
8. B. Z%. Davis— Amending the State Harbor
Commission act.
S. B. 397, Corrler— To amend the act to pro
vide for the organization and management of
county fire insurance companies.
S. B. 39*. Smith of Kern— Appropriating
$1360 €7 to pay the claim of Louise Rienzi.
F. B. S39. Nelton— To prevent the dumping of
coal tar Into navigable waters in the State
S. B. 400, Smith of Kern — To reduce the ex
pense of transporting felons and insane persons
8. B. -4C1,- Devlin— Amending the Political
Code, relating to text books.
S. B. 40!, Devlin— Appropriating $9000 for an
air compressor and turning- lathe for use at
the Folscm State Prison.
The following bills have been introduced
in the Assembly:
A: B. 504. Johnson — Amending the Penal Code
making the running of nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines a misdemeanor.
• A. B. 503. CowatV-Deftninp what moneys
constitute the contingent fund of the Cali
fornia Home for Feeble-Minded Children and
providing for the expenditure thereof. ¦»
A. B. 506. Greer— Appropriating $9000 to pay
fcr an air compressor and a turning lathe for
tU State prison at Folsom.
A. B. 507— Amending the Political Code re
lating to election of road overseers.
A. B. 508. Sehillig— Amending the act licens
ing land • surveyors, relating . to their moral
standing and fitness.
B. DOS. Stewart of Amador-Amendmg the
Code of civil Procedure, relating to Public*
Administrators. . . *-^uuc
A. B. 510. Stewart of Amador— Amending th»
C °f ,.S f , CM 1 relating to persons
entitled to administer upon the estates of de
ceased persons. ¦
A^, B « 511 -. Cromwen — Am * n<Un K the Code of
£"•« Procedure. reUtln K to attachments by
A. , B. 612, Cromwell-To protect domestic
fowls from ravages of dogs. ™"" c
A. IX 513. Greer-Kep*a!ing the ¦ act creat
ing the Commission of Roads and lllirhnavi .
*; B. £14. Gams-Appropriating $3710 for
coyote scalp bounties for Tehama County.
Eatcb.es of Measures Given Their
First Reading and Assigned
to Committees.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— The following
bills have been introducefl-in the Senate:
S. B. 2S2, Flint— Appropriating $3910 to pay
the claims of Monterey and • San Benlto
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— The Mining Commit
tee's substitute for the, Tyrrell (of Nevada)
Senate bill 127 was passed by the. Senate
this morning after a somewhat earnest
debate. The vote •was 28 to 1.. Roweil
alone voting in the negative.
The substitute bill appropriates $150,000
for the fund for the debris impounding
system on the Yuba. Its counterpart in
the Assembly is Irish's bill, which is now
before the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Rowell spoke against the bill, declaring
that dams were a temporary expedient,
dangerous to the pccple below them and
that money expended on them was thrown
away.
Cutter defended the bill. He recounted
the history of earlier appropriations and
referred to Colonel Heuer's statement
that Marysville is doomed unless the
dams be constructed. He said the tax
able value of Marysville property is 52,
000,000 and that it would be $5,000,000 if all
danger from debris were removed. The
proposed system has the approval of Gov
ernment engineers who have made a care
ful study of the problem.
Tyrrell of Nevada emphasized the im
portance of rehabilitating hydraulic min
ing. In the past, he eaid, great injury
had been inflicted on the valley below.
He referred also to the Governor's favor
able recommendations in his message.
Devlin supported the bill. He said that
hydraulic mining could not be carried on
profitably if the miners were obliged tc
restrain the debris. He emphasized the
importance of .maintaining the Sacra
mento River as a waterway and improv
ing it. Lardner and Shortridge also spoke
In favor of the bill. ¦
' Attorney General Ford appeared before
the Ways and Means Committee of the
Assembly this afternoon In advocacy of
Irish's bill of a similar character. No
action was taken by the committee.
BILLS INTRODUCED
IN THE TWO HOUSES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rowell the Onlu Member
Whose Vote Is In the
"iNerjative.
Senate Passes the
¦Substitute Min
ing Bill.
FUNDS FOR
IMPOUNDING
OF DEBRIS
FOOTE ACCUSES TRUMAN OF THE THEFT OF WINE AT PARIS
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1901.
2
. To" Prevent the Grip ; ;
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlno removes the cause. •
TLere is m> such ".thing as happihess'without health/ Weak;
nerves destroy health.' They make the stomach weak, the heart
weak, tho liver and kidneys weak and the lungs weak. The
ma*i whose appetite is gone, digestion deranged, sleep disturbed,
who is nervous, restless, irritable and who lacks energy and ambi-
tion can find sturdy health if he only goes about it right;
"Mj nerves were badly Blattered by an attack of L*
Grippe which left me in a very bad shape. I had conges*
tion of the liver and lungs and the pain kept me awake
night and day. I was confined to my bed, and hearing of
y Dr. Miles' Kervine I sent for a bottle and began its use.
In a few days I was able to return to my work a well
man." T>. F. Coyus, 2043 E. 9th St., Canton, Ohio.'
'. '¦¦• soothes 'and "strengthens weak * and irritated " nerves
stimulates the appetite, gives tone to the digestive
organs, nourishes the brain and builds up sturdy health.
Bold bj druggists on > guarantee.. . J)iu Miukj Medical Co., Elknart, Ind,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
1 THANKS
I THE PUBLIC!
ij MR. B. KATSCHINSKI. proprfe-
H tor of the Philadelphia Shoe Com-
B pany, 10 Third street. San Fran-
tl cisco. returns thanks to his many
3 friends and customers for their
¦ patronage during the past year and
¦ he hopes to merit a continuance of
9 their patronage In the future. His
3 aim will be to supply the best
H shoes 'or the least money; snappy.
¦ stylish up-rtc-dato shoes that can
I be guaranteed to wear and yet be
S bought at a reasonable price.
p Union stamped Bhoes for men,
women and children will be aspe--
cialty and they will be sold as
cheap as shoes that do not bear tha
union stamp.
Bvery progressive movement re-
ceives hia indorsement and h«
therefore closes his store at 6 p. m.
on week days and 11 p. m. on Sat-
urdays arid will continue to close at .
M those hours, provided all other shoe
Istoresi will do the same. He car-
ries the most complete stock in this
city. Cheap, medium and fine -
shoes are offered for sale, and the
manufacturers of the finest shoes
in the country are only too pleased
to «ell to him. - j
He also takes pleasure In thank-
Ing • his country patrons for their
trade, but he wishes to im-
press on them the fact that the so-
called Philadelphia Shoe companies
'throughout the State are not
branches and they are fakers If
they claim to be.
Country Crders Solicited.
Address all communications to
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
; ~T '¦ -
DR.MEYERS&CB. /£§&*
Specialists. Disease 1$j&f |
and weakness ct bShw ,*Sj
men. Established T&l
VsSL Consultation Vjt?, t*^^ -\\
and private book \wi, A AcMtl
Iree, at office or by 1«WW JRMA*
mail. Cures guar- ;^r^®
ket e *tr"eet (.elevator Jv^T^I^^
entrance). San -yiiXj^^fcSaw
Francisco. -aCSB^afr^SfrfsSa*THE DUKE. HIS REPUTED
FIANCEE AND HIS FAMILY
SEAT AT KELSO.
SAN JOSE. Jan.' 29.--At ' the . memorial
services in honor of the late Queen Vic
toria to be held here next. Sunday night
by the British resident's scripture Will be
read from a ¦ Bible which was . a present
by ; the Queen to the late James Balllie.
The bcok Is at present the . property of
Mrs. Sarah BaiUle Woolley of this city,
who inherited It from her fatherr
Gift From Queen Victoria.
Two Eailway Propositions in Which
.ths Humboldt City Is Inter- .
:-v\ ested. '
EUREKA. Jan. 29.-D. II. Keghersberff
er. former Treasurer of Chicago, arrived
here to-day to Investigate with a view to
building a railroad to connect Eureka
with the outside world. If conditions
prove favorable a company will be nt
once organized, of which he will be prejl
dent and Whiting G. Press of the Chicago
Board of Trade vice president.
Another railroad proposition is being
presented -here by Lord Thurlow and
George If. Proctor. Their plan is to build
from Redding, Shasta County, and make
Eureka the shipping point of the products
of a portion of the aacramento Valley and
of the Iron Mountain Copper Company's
mines and smelters. '
Died in Honolulu.
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 29.— The re
mains of Mies Elizabeth L./ Cloud, daugh
ter of Hon. C. M. Cloud of Philadelphia,
were laid to rest beside her grandparents
in El Carmelo Cemetery at this place yes*
terday. Miss Cloud died on January 13
of typhoid pneumonia; at Honolulu,
whither she had gone with a party of
friends on a pleasure trio
TO CONNECT ETJBEXa' fe^
WITH OUTSIDE WORLD
Amur brings news of new grold discoveries
In the north. A. big placer find, which
was attracting many stampeders, has
been Btruck about sixty miles east of At
lin, on Klahennn Creek, a tributary of the"
Mackinaw River.
When Charles McDonald, who has ar
rived with the news, left Atlin one hun
dred claims had been located. I^ee Gor
don, the discoverer, says he took out $5 00
per day. Stories of pol<l were also re
vived from the Porcupine and Chilkat dis
tricts. Rev. j. j. Walther says that while
he was awaiting the down steamer at
Halnes four men mushed out and told him
that from a epace four feet square on
Porcupine Creek dust worth $3000 was
taken out. He did not learn the number
of the claim, but thinks the men told the
truth. He met a number of men from
Bear Creek, in Chilkat district, and all
told of rich finds and. agreed that the
creek would prove wonderfully rich this
spring. Dawson papers tell of rich finds at
th© head of Copper River and say many
are waiting, at Dawson to go into that
country at the earliest opportunity. A
Dawson dispatch of January 22 says
quartz running as high as $400 to the ton
in gold has been struck In great quantities
in the Klondike.
Big Blacer Discovery About Sixty
Miles East of Atlin Attracts
Many Prospectors.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 29.— The steamer
NEW GOLD FIELDS ABE
FOUND IN THE NORTH
SEATTLE, Jan. 29.— The steamship Sen
ator. Captain Patterson, arrived in por1
shortly after noon 'to-day.; The Senatoi
will go on the Crydock as soon as she has
discharged for examination of her hull.
"The Senator was making about twejvt
and a half knots," said Captain Patterson
"when she struck on a ledge aboutone
elghth of a mile off the main shore oi
Shelter Island. ..It was not hard rock,
though it was .rocky. . In about two ajt<3
one-half hours she floated with the tide.
There was no trouble of any kind. Wt
had a very stormy passage down from
SkoRuay. All the way to Queen Charlotte
Sound we faced a heavy southeaster, with
rain and snow."
but Is Soon Floated.
Strikes on a I»edge Off Shelter Island
SENATOR NOT DAMAGED.
. Klbrldge Bartlett.. 4S, Puyallup, Wash., pneu
monia.
Werner Hill, 6 years, drowned in Klondlkt
River.
Arthur "Willis Welbon. Infant son of Mr. mi
Mrs. E. T. Welbon of Ontario.
Sterling B. Rlgglns, 46, Missouri, pneumonia,
Thomas McGlynn, 48. carpenter, Ireland.
Joeeph Kovole, 29, laborer, St. Alphonse. ¦
Peter McDonald, 39, miner. Nova; Scotia,
heart failure. .
Albert Pilgrim, 29, miner, Newfoundland,
accident.
Montague Martin, 32, artist, Oxford, England,
peritonitis.
James A. White, 30, saloon-man, England,
tuberculosis. . ¦
Charles Topp, 25, miner, Sweden, typhoid;
¦ James Da.vls.. Walla Walla, Wash., murdered
at Ilootallnqua by George St. Cyr.
John Sellers, 40, laborer, Sweden, drowned.
William- Edward O'Brien, 22, woodchopper,
Charlotte County, New Brunswick, kidney trou
ble.
Georpe IJudgiBy. 40, miner, pneumonia.
Otto Johnson, miner, Illinois, typhoid.
A. F. Brant, 22, freighter, Pennsylvania,
typhoid.
Christopher J. Welden, miner. . New Bruns
wick, typhoid.
.-Edward P. Gibetz. 42, veterinary Burgeon,
pneumonia. . "..
Albert Peckham. B2,, laborer, New Tork fever.
Alex Godfrey, 45. pleurisy.
Deaths in November.
Deaths in December, t- v !
Stephen Holgate, npM 28 years. California,
gambler, suicide by taking morphine.
William Bowes, agred 24. Ontario, miner.
Herman T. Kanable, Infant.
Mrs. Clara Barber, aged 32, Wisconsin, pneu
monla. . .
W. R. Davies. 26, typhoid, miner.
William Collins, 32, California, rambler, pneu
monia.
D. Donalu, 53. miner, injury.
A. J. Waltfcera, 41. Ohio, miner, pneumonia
F. • Itahn. 48. Germany, miner, pneumonia.
Ronald McKae, €0, killed accidentally.
There were eeventy-three marriages ir
the Territory in 1900, as against fifty-nine
in 1899. The increase in the number ol
women and children . also was marked.
The birth rate for the year was 1.625 tc
the thousand.
Following is the list of all those sav«
Indians who died in November and De
cember, together with former residence
age, occupation and cause of death:
SEATTLE. Jan. £9.— According to of
ficial records 100 deaths occurred in Daw
son and the Yukon country during 1900.
The average death rate was seven to each
1000 persons. During December the maxi
mum was reached, the death rate running
as high as 18.75 per 1000, due mostly tc
typhoid fever and pneumonia. Nine wen
from pneumonia and four from typholc
out of twenty-five deaths, in December.
Special IMsr>atch to The Call
Grim Reaper's Harvest in
Months of November
and December.
OFFICIAL RECORD
OF DAWSON DEAD
Emily Spencer Churchill, the aunt of the
present Duke of Marlborough, whose an-"
cestor had purchased the famous "Boc
caccio," and who, like his cousin, tire.
Duke of Roxburghe, came into his title
as a minor.
The young Duke of Roxburghe was edu
cated at Eton and Sandhurst, and was re
cently gazetted to a lieutenancy in the
Second Life Guards. His mother, who
was Mistress of .the Robes to the Queen
from 1880 to 18S5, was a great friend of her
Majesty, after .whom his sister, Lady Vic
toria Alexandria Innes-Ker, is named.
Flcors Castle, where the majority rejoic
ings were" held in thefirst week of this
month. Is beautifully situated at the con
fluence of the Teviot and the Tweed near
Kelso^and has been the scene of many a
brilliant gathering, in which several mem
bers of the royal family have figured.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.-The President
tf '-day srnt a message to Congress re
newinjr his recommendation of last ees-
Fion that Cong-re*? make "gracious pro
vision for indemnity to the families" of
the two victim? of the Tallulah (La_>
lyn<-h:njr. Ju!y 20. IS33. who were subjects
«;f the Italian Government.
Recommends Indemnity.
The ducal line was broken again in the
person of the fifth Duke, who was Sir
James Innes-XorcIIffe. The seventh Duke
who died in 1SS2, married Lady Anne
an end,' for, as he left no issue, nis Eng
lish honors became extinct, his Scots titles
devolved upon his kinsman, Lord Bellen
den, while his library was sold atauction c
For forty-two days (May 18-July 8) the
hammer clicked incessantly amid an ex
cited audience in the. dining-room of the
house, the 9353 lots fetching £23,241. • The
enthusiasm of buyers reached such a
pitch that £2260 was run up for the "Val
dnrfer Boccaccio," printed in Venice in
1471. this being the highest price that has
ever been paid for a single volume. ¦
LYNCHING MAY
FOLLOW MURDER
LOXDOX. Jan. 29. — Once again the
rumor is abroad that Miss Paul
ine Astor, daughter of William
"Waldorf Astor, is -engaged to the
young Duke of Roxburghe, the
greatest matrimonial catch in all Eng
land, and once again it has been impos
sible to obtain a confirmation of the
rumor. Both sides refuse to discuss the
matter, but it is now fairly settled in the
public mind that where there is so much
smoke there must be fire. For which
very homely reason congratulations seem
to be in order to the' fair American who
has Janded such a good thing' in the peer
age.
The young Duke, who rejoices in the
name of Sir Henry John Innes-Ker, bears
in addition to the ducal title those of Mar
quis of Bowmont and Cessford, Earl of
Roxborghe, Earl of Kelso, Viscount Brox
mouth, Baron Roxburghe and Baron Ker,
was born July 25. 1S76, and is the eighth
ducal member of his house, which has
long been a power on the Scottish border.
The Kers can trace their pedigree back
five, centuries and more. One branch has
given the Duke of Roxburghe; to another
the Marquis of LothiaTk belongs. They
Trnckee Indian Erutally
B«ats His Wife to *
Death.
Public feeling is strong. Crowds are on
the streets discussing the affair, and a
lynching may be attempted.
Ishari a few years ago caused the death
of another Indian woman, though the evi
dence at the time was insufficient to
convict.
Ishan was captured this morning. His
boots were covered with blood and in his
possession was money taken from the
¦woman. He is now In jail.
TRUCKEE, Jan. 29. — John Ishan,
known as Young Botus, an Indian, while
intoxicated this morning kicked and beat
his wife to death. Before death ended her
suffering he dragged her into the snow
back of the Europe Hotel and there left
her. Unable to call for assistance, she re
mained outside an hour or more until car
ried by other Indians to an outhouse
near by, where she perished a few hours
later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
both found their way into the peerage
about the same time— the Roxburghe
branch in 1600, the Lothian branch In 1606.
The* first Lord Roxburghe accompanied
James VI Into Kngland, and was Lord
Privy Seal to Charles I. A hundred years
later the fifth Earl was created Duke of
Roxburghe. It was his grandson, the
third Duke, who raised the art of book
collecting into a palpitating mania which
has rarely been .equaled. "When he died
the glory of his house seemed to come to
Beautiful Daughter of Self-Expatriated American Millionaire Is
Reported Engaged to the Greatest Matrimonial .Catch -in
the Peerage of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— The Senate to
day confirmed the nomination of Rev.
Oliver O. Miller of California to be chap
lain in the army.
Rev. Mr. Millar Made Chaplain.
"If you strike out the provision for for
eign ships I will -leave the bill." replied
Frye. "You would be forty years In get
ting a merchant marine without it."
Aldrich sought to have certain amend
ments which ? he said he desired to sug
gest adopted as commitee amendments.
with the understanding that they would
be subject to further amendment, but
there was objection, and he contented
himself with. offering the amendments in
order that they might be printed. . One of
these limits contracts under the bill to
fifteen years instead of twenty, and gives
no premium for speed above eighteen
knots.
Before the session closed the committee
amendments were formally agreed to.
The Indian appropriation bill was passed
early in the day.
Perkins took exception to the provision
of the bill limiting the amount of subsidy
to go to ships built on the. Pacific Coaat
to 30 per cent of the whole amount. Frye
replied that no more had been asked be
fore the committee. He would be, sur
prised, he said, to find .the Senator from
California suggesting amendments to the
bill as now perfected In view of the fact
that as a member of the committee he
had voted for the bill when it was not
half as good as now. ... •
Replying, Perkins said -he had agreed to
the reporting of the bill, but that he never
would consent 19 giving subsidies to for
eign built ships. '
"Then," said Frye. "you will kill the
bill." •
"Oh. no," replied Perkins, "I will vote,
for it.". '-¦'..'
Frye said his only purpose at this time
in requesting.action upon the amendments
was' to get the bill- in perfect shape and
that there was no idea of preventing op
portunity to Senators to offer other
amendments. The amendments hereto
fore suggested were then formally agreed
to.
Turner concluded at 5:30 o'clock, where
upon Frye too"k the lloor with a request
for action upon the amendments suggest
ed by the Committee o". Commerce. •
Turner said that all tha world outside
of the United States paid less than J20.
000,0ft) annually in the way of ship,sub
sidles. This country was preparing to pay
almost half as much, when It is admitted
that our tonnage is not one-hundredtn
part of the tonnage o£ the world. He" ar
gued that outside of the vicious principle
of the bill the greatest objection to it la
found in the fact that it will retard in
stead of advance American shipbuilding.
The result of such leclslatlon would be
that shipowners would build ships'«for for
eigners far more cheaply than they would
build American vesselo. He asserted that
the proposed subsldv. would amount to
more than ten and a half per cent on
the capital invested in shipping. The ship
owners, he paid, never would consent to a
division of this bonus with the shipbuild
ers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Senator Frye
gave notice in the Senate to-day that he
intended to keep the shipping bill to th*
front even as against appropriation bills,
not yielding to them without a vote. It
revealed a disposition on the par*, of the
Senate leaders to force a vote on tha
measure, whether it will pass at this ses
sion or not. Senator Turner of Washing
ton spoke to-day in severe arraignment of
the bill.
Perkins Engages in a Short Colloquy
• Relative to the Payment of
Bonus to Foreign-Built
tr» Ships.
Frye Announces That He
Will Keep the Measure .
to the Front.
WILL FORCE VOTE
ON SUBSIDY BILL
The President concurs In the Secretary's
recommendation for the printing of ad
ditional copies of the publication.
TUTSTD-Ein PRAISZS
THE CCUSTTLAB, SERVICE
WASHINGTON. Jan. ».— The President
to-day transmitted t<> the Senate a com
munication from the Secretary of State,
accompanying the annual report upon the
fordn relations .;f the United States.
The President himself takes advantage
'>' the opportunity to express his com
mendation of th«? consular reports. .He
fcays iu his message cf trar.smittal:
'"The advance in the general efficiency
of our consular service in promoting trade
¦which was noted in mv message of March
1, 1500. transmitting the reports for 1S9S.
whs even more markM last year. The
|>rompt!tude with which the consular re
ports were printed and distributed, the
cenerous recognition which is being in
creasingly accorded by our business in
terests to the practical value of their ef
forts for enlarging trade and the con
tinued testimony of competent foreign au
thorities to the g-rneral superiority of
their commercial work have naturally ha3
a stimulating effect upon the consular
<>rps as a whole and experience In the
<i!?charge of their duties adds greatly to
their efficiency. It is gratifying to be able
to state that the Improvement In the ser
vice, following closely upon the .steady
progress in expediting the publication o*f
reports has enabled the Department of
State this year to submit the annual re
ports a month in. advance of the usual
lime and to make them as nearly as pos
f.ble a contemporaneous picture of the
trade of the world."
Ail that portion of the bill relating to
tn* reorganization cf the scientific bu
reaus of the Agricultural I>epartment
v-pnt out on a point of order raised by
Mahon of Pennsylvania.
i he earlier portion of the day was en
.:vened by a sr-quel to the exchange-
tween Flynn of Oklahoma and Stevens of
Texas yesterday, when the lie was al
! ost " Passed. Stevens a;;ain denied and
r lynn ajrai;i reiterated his charges in eon
rection with the passing of the bill to rat
jry the Kiowa and Coinanchc agreement
jiafscd at t.ie last session.
Corliss of Michigan made a vicious on
siaupht upon the bureau of animal Indus
try of the Agricultural Department, but
his attack raised a host of defenders, and
l-.ls amendment to reduce the appropria
tion tor the bureau was overwhelmingly
defeated.
TVASHTXGTOX, Jan. 23.— The House
epent the day upon the agricultural ap
propriation bill. It was used a.« a vehicle
for th» Introduction of several" general
ppeeches. Thayer of Massachusets dis
cussed the Ehip subsidy bill. White of
North Carolina, the colored member, who
goes out of Congress March 4. delivered
nis valedictory upon the general subject
cf the aspirations of his racy, and Gaines
of Tennessee discussed the limitations of
tn« constitution in connection with our
insular possessions.
Colloquy "Grows Out of a Very Spir
ited Discussion of the Sections of
the Agricultural Appro
priation BUI.
Flynn of Oklahoma and Ste
vens of Texas Again
Have an Exchange.
ANGRY RETORTS
IN THE HOUSE
MISS ASTOR' MAY SOON , WED
YOUNG DUKE OF ROXBURGHE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
evidence that your kidneys ana bladder
need Immediate attention.
In xaklng Swamp-Root yon afford nat-
ural %elp to nature, for Swamp-Root Is
the most perfect healer and gentle aid t»
the kidneys that .la known to medical
science.
Swamp-Root la the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
derful success In both slight and severe
cases. Doctors recommend It to their pa-
tients and use !t in their own families, be-
cause they recognize in Swamp-Root th«
greatest and most successful remedy.
Jf you have the slightest Rymptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there is a
trace of It In your family history, send at
once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., BInghamton,
N. Y., who will gladly send you free by
mail. Immediately, without cost to you. a
sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book,
of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials.
Be sure to say that you read this gener-
ous offer in the San Francisco Dally Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and Jl size
bottles at drugstores. Don't males any
mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-
Root. Dr. Kllmer"s Swamp-Root, and th©
address, BInghamton, X. T.
J If your water when allowed .to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours forms a sediment or set-
tling, or has a cloudy appearance. It Is
Lame back Is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble — one of many. Other symp-
toms showing that you need Swamp-
Root are, obliged to pass water often dur-
ing the day and to get up many times at
night. Inability to hold your urine. smart-
Ing or Irritation in passing, brlckdust or
sediment In the urine, catarrh of the blad-
der, uric acid, constant headache, diz-
ziness, sleeplessness, nervousness. Irregu-
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating.
Irritability, wornout feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of fiesh, tallow complexion. •
The mild and the extraordinary effect of
the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It
stands the highest for hs wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. A trial will
convince any one — and you may have a
sample bottle for the asking.
If these danger signals are unheeded
more serious results are sure to follow.
Brighfs disease, which Is the worst form
of kidney trouble. m?.y Bteal upon you.
Pain or dull ache In the back la unmis-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It Is
nature's timely warning to ghow you that
the track of health Is not clear.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney and
Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Do You Have Rheumatism? Have You
• Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
¦718 Market- Street and
Cor. Powell & Eddy Sis.
Out-of-town orders filled— write, for samples and self- :
, measuring blank. *•
Made to order -?1O
We make you a good, all-wool,. stylish suit to your order
for $10.00. The assortment from which you select comprises
many stvlish patterns, including the tweeds of the season and
black cheviot. You can take a. number of samples home and
compare them." In Addition to the value you are getting 'we
put a /"Yeargood" label in the pocket of the coat, which guar-
antees the suit: We will keep the suit in repair free for cne
year. And to protect you even further^ we will return your
money; if you think you have not your money's. worth.
Could, we do more to impress you with the value of these
suits and the faith, we have in them ?
OCSAI7 TRAVEL.
Annan!** C € !>A "*'**"• 8AU0l > nv *
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
i.. Saturday, February I, 1 p. m. .
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Friday. February 8. 4 p. m.
ES. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Xew
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday v February 13, atJ p. ra.
I O.SPREMELS & 3X3$; CO., Gem! Hpnts, 32r ferbt SI
Ssa'l Paasiger Offia, 543 lisrht St. Pbr la. 7. fccti: St
PANAMA R.-R.B5?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare* $75.
S. S. ST. PAXTL sails. January 29.
S. S. AEGYLL sails February 5.
S. S. BOANOKE sails February 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont it., at 3 p. in.
Freight and passenger office. 130 Market »t.
F/ F. COXNOR. Paclflc Coast Aseat.
FACITIO STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AMD
C0MPANIA BCD AMEKICANA DB VA70BZ8
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From foot of Fre-
mont street. Sailing:
P. S. GUATEJIALA February 7. 1901
S. B. PALENA February ». 1901
a S. COLOMBIA March T. 1901 •
8. S. TUCAPEL March 50. 1M1
These steamers are to' lit expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. SIR California street.
BALFOT7H. OUTHRIK * CO.. A«*ntw.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S.'HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stea— *•• "?•ontlcrna." .
MOX.. Tues., Wed.. Thur*. and Sat. at 1:45
a. m.. 3:15. S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
; Pier No. 1. Telephone Main 1ZCS.
| DH. PiEBGElS ELECTRIC BELTS
t America Abead of the World In EleetrtetU Irrreti- }
? tions! KTerybodT knows mis! Our new Hody-f
? Battery, (U. ». Patent) In Mrictly as Aroertciia*
; iriTention-l'HK Kelt of the Century. It tends a I
, liowerf itl, reTersible current throogh trie hnmtn 4
.body tratm Head t» *»«». enrinz Chronle and 4
Perrons Diseases and n>»Inmo( Mule or J"en»l« 4
k as K by Mair.i-. So potltiTe sre w« tfcot no otbtr *
. belt Is thft egiial of *• Dr. Ytetft'*," that we will #e»d *
>!t OX AIM»«u>AI, for comparUcn with any belt*
• now »old in Arrwnca. " jee:iiif Is B«Ue»:ng." *
t NOTE.— We nerer le-nrt be'.t* " On TriaV* ther»- «
v fore In ordering *"I)r. I'lerco »'• no ri»k is run of ?
>eontractiEir *>kin iiikuc or etber Disorder* by f
• nslaif an appllMloe nrnvlnuaU wars br •tkrrf
' nnn<> « 'all, or lend a Jr. itimp for ne^ "Booklet *
• So.f A.Mr«n: P1E11CK KLKOTRIO CO. J
, 1 145 nroiutTi.tr, (near 26th it.) >»>\t York, «
k Or «'-*)» Market Street, Han Franc Nco. t
! j^|«^»' INJECTION. I
I A PERMANENT CURE I
j » of the most obstinate capes of GonorrhcM £
? and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 8 s
C days : nc other treatment required. S
S ; Sold br all dmgj^sts. 5
DDTTOIIfCfOR B ARBSRS. B AK-
OXlU OllLO •""*• bootblacki. bath-
houses. btllUrd tables.
brewers, bockbtnders. candy- makers, cannert.
dyers, fiourmllls, foundries, laundrle*. paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sti-
blemes. tar-roofen, tanners, tailors, etc*
BUCttA^AM BROS.. %
Brush Manufacturers, 600 Sacramanto ?»
Our Annual
Reduction
S. & G. GUMP CO.
N3 Geary Street.
And Pictures,
Crockery and
Glassware.
...On...
Art Goods
Discount and Over
Safe.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave' Broadway
*fc- wharf, San Francisco.
raffl^- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
P^gfci- Feb. 5, in. 13, 20, 25, March 2.
Egfitt^JidTSg). Channe to company's st«"nmers
HBsBw For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
BK8a^^fja*i C), Port Townyend, Seattle,
, A^^bBHK Tacoraa, Everett. Anacortfs
and Xew Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., Feb. 5. 10. 15. 23. 23.
March 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle ,for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: st Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 2.
7. 12, 17. 22. 27; March 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lcb Anjrelea and Redondo (Loi An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 8 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
• For Santa Crui, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
'¦ ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). . Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme." San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Xewport— Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Bonlta. Tue3days. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magrfalena Bay. San Jcsa del
Cabo. MnzaUan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. ; ' .
• The company reserves the rlgrht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notlc*.
. TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street tPalace Hotel).
GOODALU PKRKIXS * CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 M.irkf t St.. San Francisco. .
THE 0. R. & ft. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO . I
PORTLAND
3 ¦ From Bpear-stre«t "Wharf at 11 a. m.
F1DC $12 Fh-st. Class Including Berth
TAnk $d Second Class and Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER Sail*... .....Jan. 28
COLUMBIA Sails .....Feb. 2
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all point* ' in the Xorthwe»t.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
. . <30 Mark«t st,
TOYO KIS1N KAISfTA,
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WTIARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of. sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. ISOt
SS. AMERICA MARU Friday. March 15, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 9. 1JW
Round-trip ticket* at reduced . rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Aynt.
AMERICAN LINE. .
REV 70BK. ECUTHAKPTOH. L0TO3*. PABI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New. York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Xew York Feb. €|New York ...Fejj. S7
Kensington Feb. 13 j Vaderland ....March «
St. Louis ..Feb. 20lSt. Louis March 13
RED STAR LINE.
. K«w York and Antwarj*.
From New York • Every Wednesday. 12 "noon.
' Westernland . ...Feb. R Frlesland .......F«b. 27
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark ...March «
Noordland Feb. 23 Weaternland...March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paclflc -Coast.
¦ . . : . to Montgomery street. ¦
C0MPAQNIS GENE3ALE TBA58ATLAHTIQTJX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVHE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 43, iflVMMl
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, $55 and upward. ¦ . Second class to
Havre, J43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S3
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI . & CO.. Paclne Cfest Agents. 8
Montgomery avenue, Ban Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ' -
DR. KlXTVTF.Tl'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOD GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
It I a
Oak flfn
Dining- j Jjllj
Room J13
Chair .
— brac« arms — cane -*"**Ti j •"'
sent. ii \
Tli* is only one . JL —^ -,, V \
nincr.s many bar- • V*M J T^?.'f':
rain* in furniture
For a limited time we offer big bargains in
Furniture i Carpets
Jjrt hs estimate on .complete housefur-
rrtehing— we can *ave you money.
CREDIT EXTEN'DSD.
Ft»>e delivery within 200 miles on 123
worth and over.
T. Brilliant Furniture Go.
338*342 Post Street,
Xear Pc^elL Open Evenlnr*.SCENE LAST NIGHT AS THE REV. DR. FRANK K. BAKER DEMAND
ED OF. THE SUPERVISORS AND THE MAYOR NOT TO ENDAN
GER THE CITY BY UNWISE INTERFERENCE IN STATE AFFAIRS.
Continued on Page Five.
are concerned, we are silent until the Legis
lature has adjourned. We want to use our
force and your force In the legislative halls
at Sacramento In order to get remedial laws
such as the New York law Is, and If that Is
not done, then the question may be precipi
tated in the .board for this.. board tf> decide
what it will do with reference t<x the City and
"County- of San Francisco. That I cannot
speak for them about. The members of the
Hoard of Supervisors during the last year
have been the custodians of their own con
sciences, and they vote as they please. But
I know that they are amenable to reaaon and
sound Judgment.
Memorial to Legislature.
"The memorial ts the Legislature of the Board
of Supervisors Is not the only form In which
that body at Sacramtntb is considering the
racing question. Mr. Belshaw and ah Assem
blyman have Introduced a bill forbidding pool
sf-lUiiK /in.l bookmaking in the State of Cali
fornia anywhere outside of the lnclosure of a
track or athletic club whern contests between
beasts or between men are going on. , I am
satisfied that It Is a good bill and should.be
enacted Into a law. It Is a step In the right
direction. But there are. ¦ Some of you, es
pecially members of the clergy who feel that
you cannot afford to -compromise in the mat
ter, but the practical politician knows that • If
he cannot get all that he a?ks ho must be
content with what he can g«t and If It is in
the right direction we consider that something
has been ealhed." ! • . , .
The- Mayor continued In this, strain at length
and with considerable repetition, and con
cluded by calling upon the Ilev. Dr. Rader
for his « views. That gentleman responded,
laying; .v ¦:
iDt. Rader Gives His Views.
"I recognize the fact that annually this
whole subject of gambling comes before the
people of this city and the State of California.
It Is due to the fact that local option doe3
not seem to solve the question of gambling. I
personally very much wish that there might
be a uniform State law passed by our Legis
lature controlling this' whole matter and sup
pressing the . in oft disastrous aspects and In
fluences of gambling at our *acetracks.
"It has not seemed possible In thepast tosolve
this question in our own vicinity. If we t cloee
Ingleside track Its owners move across' the
bay or into • San Mateo County, and we have
the same evil In a different county close at
hand. A legislative act, without any holes in
it, or any strings to it, an act that the peo
ple will understand and recognize as being
the voice of the people. It seems to me, would
exercise a very wholesome Influence on this
whole subject of poolrooms, So far as I under
stand it 1 do not agree' with the law recom
mended by the Board of Supervisors.
Wants Ordinance Enlarged.
"I would agree with the recommendation to
this extent: that we enlarge , the present
ordinance of this city with reference to pool
rooms, and Instead of making It a municipal
ordlhance, enlarge into .a State statute. It
seems to me that this ordinance with which
we closed the gates of Ingleside and by the
authority of the people and the 3jrvelllance
of the Police Department have beTn enabled
very .successfully to close every poolroom. In
San Francisco, has been sufficiently success
ful to warrant an application of the sajne stat
ute in every county and municipality in the
State. I . very much wish that " something
might be done that would be more effectual
than has been done thus far, and that we
might nere to-night meet upon ftomo common
ground, instead -of antagonizing one another,
and take a ''stand upon it and act upon it In
the interest of the people at large. t
"There are tko or three things we are agreed
upon, I think, as citizens. The first in that
Ingleside «rm|l never again' be ¦ opened ns a
gambling .resort. The people of tnis city
1 will venture .to pay will not permit that.
And I think that we are agreed here to-night
that the old regime of poolroom gambling and
bookmaking, the old regime of Ingleside, that
has been a festering sore -to the body politic
of this city ' so lone shall never again be re
vived. I - speak. I am sure, for thousands of
people In this city when I nay that we earnest
ly, strongly ' and ¦ persistently v protest ' against
{Ay measure that will open the gates of Ingle
siae fts a gambling resort. ¦ We are agreed, j it
seems to me, upon that. The question that Is
before us this evening -Hsi How shall this be
accomplished?" ¦ .. y
Rabbi Uleto's Criticisms.
Rev. Dr. <N!eto next addressed, the meeting
upon; the invitation of the Mayor. He criti
cized the newspapers for publishing. full par
ticulars of all sporting. events, saying that he
did not sec- the; fairness of asking the clergy
tnv speak repeatedly against' the evil ¦ undec
discussion while- at the. same time, giving the
young people who .were trying to learn true
morality from . the ministers all the informa
tion that allured them to crime. "So far as, I
am concerned,"' said he, "\yhat I have learned
from my . fellow-men, not- gained by opinion
or .Information from 'books or ¦¦ from news
papers, is this: "¦¦.- '¦-*.¦¦¦- . '
.-' -VThat among the, vast number of people who
Inhabit thla world (there are men who like'lo
enjoy this : peculiar thlner called gambling. But
I wish 'to pay thlsabout it: 'That no 'State In
this Union dare put itself on record as acknowt-
edging that there shall be such a thing under
Its laws as gambling. While the enactment >f
the Legislature may very well regulate racing.
it dare not mention gambling and bookmaking..
This city hag already by ordinance put U<«
stamp and seal' of condemnation . upon gam
bling. ..We have made mistakes in the- past In
this matter, and doubtless we shall make mis
takes again, and when we have passed any
enactment, no matter how stringent It may be,
we shall doubtless find that men will discover
a means for eluding the law. But we must go
on persistently In our iflorts. It Is our dutv
to prevent them from adopting such methods as
will destroy the peace and harmony of our
community and will blacken us In the eyes <J.'
the world. '
"This limitation, that Is proposed upon the
New York plan cannot blacken us In the eyes.
of any sensible people at all. But the Legis
lature must never enact any'law by which !t
officially recognizes gambling, betting, book
making or. pool-selling.'' " . .j
This sentiment provoked a genuine outburst
of applause, the first of the evening.
Position of The Call.
John D. SpreckeU then addressed the meet
ing as follows:
"I did not come here for the purpose of dis
cussing racing at all. but simply to correct a:
Impression that prevails in the city to some
extent, having been created through the agency
of one paper and through the remarks of the
Mayor this evening, and that is that Mr. Leake
is conniving with Mr. Williams to keep open
the racetrack In Oakland. I want to say rlgnt
here that whatever course has been taken by
The Call or by Mr. Leake was taken absolutely
and only Under my Instructions, r have been
opposed to this gambling for two years past.
Two years ago I instructed Mr. Leake that he
should do everything he could to eradicate this
vice and defeat this gambling proposition." .
Supervisor Tobin— May I ask you . a ques
tion?
Mr. Spreckels— Certainly. . :
Mr. Tobin — I would like to ask you If this
meeting passes a resolution Indorsing the ac
tion of- the Supervisors memorializing the
Legislature to restNct racing in each -county
for thirty days, will Trie Call support It?
Mr. Spreckels— The Call will- support that
proposition provided they eliminate the gam
bling feature of It.
Mr. Tobin— That will eliminate the gambling
proposition.
Mr.- Spreckels— As I Understand the situation,
the Ingleside people can have as many races
as they please, and there is nothing to hinder
them from having races at the present time.
Mr. Tobin— An amendment, was introduced
which was accepted by me and embodied In
the resolution expressly reserving to the Board
of Supervisors of each county the right to
restrict betting and racing at any time,
whether for thirty days, or- at any Other time.
So that. the resolution does not alter the condi
tions In this county or any other county In
the State at all, except,' as the Mayor says,
to prevent the Board of Supervisors of any
county from granting the privilege in any
county of racing- and bookmaking for a greater
period than thirty days.
Mr. Spreckels— My impression was that they
were permitted to race there at any time.
Mr. Tobin— If my statement to you is cor
rect, then The Call will support a resolution
of that kind as 1 understand it?
Mr. Spreckels— It would support a resolu
tion to permit It for a, limited time, under
those circumstances.
Mr. Tobin— To prohibit racing for a greater
length of time than, thirty days In any coun
ty In the 8tate? . •:¦ >
" Mr. Spreckels— Yes. sir. provided .It elimin
ated the gambling proposition. • ...
Mf/'Tobln— Exactly;- then The Call, would
support it? '¦,".: /
Mr. .Spreckels— TeSj sir. '[ •*'.*.,.
. . Knight Pleads for Fair. '-¦;: v. J
George A? Knight next . addressed the meet-
Ing, announcing, at -the outs«t,. "I am •frank
to admit that I appear here as the representa
tive of & stockholder in the Ingleside track,
and a taxpayer of the city and county of San
Francisco, who' has property that goes up Into
the millions. I refer ta. Chajles L. Fair. He has
invested in the Ingleisloe track. All I. know
of the object of this meeting is what I have
learned from tfce Mayor." ,
Mr. Knight then turned the batteries; of: his
satire upon the clergy, saying that the pres
ent controversy seemed to be a flght against
Individuals- rather than upoq principle, and
complaining that the newspapers had Influ
enced the clergy of th» city, and that the lat
ter had united their, efforts and prayers to the
evil on one -side of the bay. and had not ex
tended it- to the same evil on the other side of
the bay..' If .the. ministers were going, to pray
against the evil ' he. Wanted- jthem to pray
against It impartially, from Del Norte to San
Diego. • v - ' - ' "* ,
Rev. PhiUP Coombe - said : .« "I • am > glad • to
inform Mr. Knight that the clergy are ready
to take the 1 advice "he -gives. We are nere to
oppose racing In any fonrr and- anywhere. Our
services on Sunday night were held not in the
interest of any one track or against any one
track, - but ' against the evils of horseracing » in .
the entlra State' as Well as in, the; city and
county of San . Francisco. | As far as the clergy
are concerned we are Interested in working
against .this great', evil. We -do not .work
against any- particular track. But we believe
Supervisor Charles Wesley P v eed replied in t
personal manner to I>r. Wilson's remarks, a
portion of which he took to himself, denounc
ing the statement ao far aa it applied to htm
as untrue, and eulogizing at considerable
length the present municipal administration.
Supervisor Tobin also replied in a personal
manner to Mr. Wilson defending his own,
course and upholding- the administration. He
nnoily became so personal In his allusions that
the Mayor checked him. In conclusion b* said:
"It we can't prohibit thJa evil tie only thin*
to do Is to make tlw> Deriod In which It Is al
lowed as short as we can. I move, therefore,
aa the sense of this meeting, that the action of
the Board of Supervisors in passing the reso
lution under consideration be indorsed. an>l
that a copy of this resolution be sent lo tha
State Legislature.
Poniatowski Confesses.
The motion was seconded, but before being;
put Prince Poniatowgkl said he desired to ad
dress the meeting, saying: "I would only say
a few words, aa I feel that I ought to say
something, talking very calmly about the mat
ter, fcr the reason that three months ago I had
no interest in either Ingleslde. Tanforaa or
Emeryville. About three months ago It hap
pened that I was at dinner with Adolph Spreck
els and Henry Oxnard. both reputable gentle
men. I was induced by them to go Into an en
deavor to have fair and respectable racing. Wi
all -raise race horses and children both, and I
think equally well, and we made up our minds
that we would put in something like J3CO.0CO la
trying to get one or two racetracks where w»
would try to keep the sport honest and clean.
W« limited our Interest' on the money to 3
per cent. We started nearly three months ago,
and we have done our best. Really we are all
satisfied where we are at Tanforan.
"This matter which ia belnff agitated is on*
of Indifference to us. ¦ This issue has beea
forced by a consideration In which horserac
ing has very little to do. I want simply t»
say that wef are not simrly three men inter
ested in the matter, but there are about sev
enteen of us. and we are trying and will try
to keep things nice .and clean and respectabl*
as long- as we have control of It. We own
these two . tracks. Mo&t or these gentlemen
are large taxpayers, largo property-owners,
and we have the Welfare and good name of »
Pan Francisco at hearc dust an much as any
one of you this evepin» v I{ there is any way
to restrict racing to ninety days or sixty
days and make it very good for a short time,
you will find us anxious to da anything wa can
to meet your views in^ tln» matter
"We are all willing that you should limit
the season to three months. If the Board at
Supervisors or the State Legislature or tha
Governor does not feel ajfoamed in
follow ¦ the- methods of the older coun
tries, among them England. France. Aus
tria and ' Germany, and put the mat
ter lr» the hands of* a committee of tvr<1
or three men. we would be content with that,
and then you will not ptrhapa drive out of
racing . the better dement. You can control
that if the Supervisors and the Mayor will
maintain the attitude which they have hell
toward this matter San Francisco, being
the principal city In the State and holding
tlfe position that it does, can set the pace
-for every other county In the State.
Rev. Frank S. Baker said: "I have always
found that in every undertaking', and especial
ly in every important reform. It is a danger
ous place to occupy to be on the fence. The
Mayor and the Supervisors were not cm the
fence a year or so ago; they were on the right
side of It, and I, for one, am In favor, of their <
Ftcylng on that side of the fence, and I am go
ing: to stay with them as lonsr as they stay
there. I want to say to Mr. Knlscht that I am
not narrow minded in my prayers; that I de
nounced this evil In Oakland when I was
pastor aver there as I denounce It now. I
want to say this, that gambling is wide open
in San Francisco, and we have more of It now
than we are able to handle. The police are
handcuffed In many places In our city. After
my denunciation of it last Sunday, the next
afternoon I took a brother clergyman, and in
nine places we were able to procure lottery
.tickets, and we found twenty-five or thirty
"white men in those places. If the Chief of
Police and his force are unable to cope with
the evil as It Is now. in the name of high
heaven why do we want to open Up more
places and allow more gambling?"
Rev. Mr. Doane said he sjx>ke as a minister
and a Native Son of San Francisco, whose
father was grand -marshal of the Vigilance
Committee in 185«. It ra» been said that the
object j of good government Is to make it as
hard as possible to do wrong and as easy as
possible t6 do right. What Is morally wron*
cannot possibly be politically right. I take
my stand upon that. We are placed here in
San Francisco to do what we can for, morality.
For Instance. I am opposed to all saloons. If
there is a saloon next to my home, shall I not
cry out. against that saloon, and with God's
help try to have it wiped out? That Is the way
I feel .concerning Ingleside. If those who will
gamble wish to cross the bay to Indulge in It.
let them go over there, and let those over
there who stand for morality rise up against' It.
We have all we can do to wipe out our own
iniquities. • ¦ ' -
Rev. Dr. E. Nelander In his remarks
harked back to the Insinuation of Mr. Knight
that the clergy were- partisan In ¦ their pray
ers, saying: "I have heard this thing be
fore. I have also heard It Intimated that the
representatives of the Ingleside track" con
sidered this to be & good thing to work for all
It was worth because it was the only way
, in which they could disgust the clergy and
disarm the force of their attack. It.Js not
fair to try and divert us "from the main'Is
sue, which la not as between the . rival
racetracks. The issue is as to . whether In
gleside shall be opened again.
"I am not one of those who believe that It
la possible to eradicate vice entirely from the
great cities. I believe that that is a work that
men cannot accomplish. Hcfwever. I believe
that we should always work against alt evil
wherever it- 'Is seen and wherever It exhibits
Itself. The Mayor and the Supervisors were
well agreed upon this question some time ago
and we are yet to some extent agreed. I am
not In my own. mind 'at all certain that this
proposed thirty days' racing and pool-selling
at Ingleside is a thins to be desired."
Carnival of Gambling.
Rev. J. A. B. "VfiUon nest addressed th«
meeting, in vigorous style and at considerable
length, saying among other things: "I came
to San Francisco when you were in the midst
of a movement looking to -better government.
I helped to put most of you here In the super
visorial chair. I did it in good faith. Even If
It proved that I bought a gold brick, gentle
men. I did* it In good faith. I thought I was
doing the best that could be done for good
government In San Francisco, and I hope you
will not make me change my mind. I am
getting tired of appealing to you gentlemen
constantly against one species of deviltry af
ter another. I appeal to you/gentlemen, how
ever, again that you give us a .better state
of thing*.
• "We have been looking for It and hoping for
it. But I ask you if things are tny better la
San Francisco than th;y were three years ago.
I atn not a hireling here at all: I get no fe«
for my representation . of anybody here to
night. This argument ad homlnum that M
made here does not affect the question at Is
sue at all. It matters net whether Mr. Wil
liams or Mr. • Leake. or anybody else la to be
Injured or is seeking revenue. • I only want
to know what Is right on this question; and ! It
makes no difference whether any man or any
paper takes the right ground for one reaaon
or another. • • .
"I am ready to help" anybody who is striving
for the rlftht. and I' care not what are the .mo
tives of any paper or any man as long as they
will help me In the right direction. I came up
here a year or two ago on this same ques
tion. I came up here in *ood faith. I thought
I waa among the clean representatives of the
manhood of this «••»-- who had been selected
to. put this city on a high plane. It. has been
on a low- plane. The name of this city has
been a synonym for municipal foulness. You
heard what my friend, Mr. Baker, told you
about Chinatown being wide open for gam-)
blln» undv the eyes of the policemen. .That
la true, bh you know. ' And that Is not all. (lo
downtown here to the Care Royal and see
what b goinr on there.
• *'I can name a man on the police force to
day, a detective, and if you will give him a
dozen men of his choice out' of , your police
forco and authorize him to act. In thirty days
there will not be a gambling; hell ocen in
Chinatown. I will risk my life on that if you
wllL give- him the chance and stand by him.
Then If you give him the 'authority he will
cloie the- Cafe Royal and «very other plac*
where this, vice Roes on in which our young
men and young women are ruia^d. lit us
lofik this thin* in the face. Let us ralae the
Standard and Instead of giving some sort of
Indorsement to this vice and giving the Leg
islature an opening to fasten this sort of thing
on us. In the name of God let ua »et our
faces against the whole busln«««." .
Spreckels said that naturally he was op
posed to gambling anywhere and that The
Call would Indorse any suggestion for
Jiorperacing if the element of gambling
were omitted.
Then came one of the surprises, and.
from the point of view of Mayor Phelan
and his Tobin satellite, an unfortunate
one of the evening. George. A, Knight
asked the privilege of the floor and de
clared that he represented Charles L.
Fair, a racing man and millionaire tax
payer. With that preliminary Mr. Knight
proceeded bitterly to arraign every min
ister who had ventured to fj>enk on the
ground that ministerial denunciation of
Ingleside, Just as it is, is unfair in that
It doe's not also Include denunciation of
similar evils.
"You cannot stop gambling," said Mr.
Knight. "You have a vice which is ages
old. Now, be fair. Denounce other race
tracks and we are all with you."
This remarkable admission upon the
part of Mr. . Knight, acting as an attor
ney, admitting that the* interests he repre
sented were vicious, but. pleading indul
gence because similar vldousness was not
suppressed, created something of a sen
sation. •»
"Protect What We Have."
Mr. Knight was followed by Rev. Philip
Coombe of the Richmond Congregational
Church, who begged the Supervisors to
preserve, the splendid position now occu
pied by this city and not Jeopardies it by
trying, without warrant and without au
thority, to cleanse other cities which are
suffering from an evil which we de
stroyed.
"The only duty of this municipality Is
to protect what we have and keep it," he
said. "As for others, we will do the best
we can for them. We are praying for
them all. even those whom Mr. Knight
represents."
Supervisor Tobin insisted on. being the
infant terrible of the night' and'asked the
reverend gentleman a question. He was
answered by another, which silencedhlm.
"Would you object." asked Supervisor
Tobin. "to thirty days of racing?"
"I would," was the reply, "because that
would he an entering wedge, for ninety
days, and I can see no logical reason in
asking for thirty days of moral disease
when now we have not one.".
Supervisor Tobin resumed his seat and
Rev. Dr. F. K.. Baker, pastor of the First
M. E. Church, took the floor. He warned
the Supervisors earnestly, eloquently and
brilliantly of the danger of being on the
wrong side of the fence or on it. He said
that San Francisco, in closing Ingleside
and keeping it closed, is on the right side
of the fence, and why now Jeopardize It
by going beyond the province of the peo
ple of San Francisco and interfering in
affairs which do not concern us.. We are
opposed to every form of gambling, and
Btill we have gambling wide open In this
city. Why take upon our shoulders an
other burden of gambling when we can
not get rid of that which we have?
One of the most eloquent addresses of
the evening was delivered by the Rev.
Mr. Doane, who declared that the city is
now free from the racetrack evil and
should strive to koep itself free.
"We do cry out," he safd, "against evil
In every form and in every place, but Is
It not natural that we protect ourselves
against the evil which Is at our doors?
Jf «one of our people will insist upon
gambling and go to Oakland to gamble,
let the good people of Oakland drive them
out. I have heard much to-night about
the breeding of horses. In God's name,
should no attention be paid to the breed
ing of men?"
The chambers of the Supervisors rang
with applause when the reverend gentle
man concluded and the Rev. Dr. Dins
more, pastor of the Second Unitarian
Church, followed him. Dr. Dinsmore
urged the Supervisors to leave well
enough alone. He said he was a lover of
horses and would indorse a proposition to
memorialize the Legislature for thirty
days of racing, but absolutely with tho
element of gambling cut out. Rev. Mr.
Thonias spoke In the same strain.
The Rev. E. Nelander, pastor of the
First English Lutheran Church. beggei
the Mayor and the Supervisors not to Da
unfair and not to divert attention from
the only Issue which can concern the peo
ple of San Francisco.
"That Issue is," he said, "shall Ingle
side be opened? And the. decent, self
respecting, home-honoring people of. this
city declare, that it shall not be opened
for thirty days— not for thirty minutes."
The Rev. John A. B. WlSn pas-tor of
the Howard-Street M. E. mad.j
an eloaucnt, extended address. He de
clared that he was no attorney paid to
represent the people for whom he spoke.
He declared that he represented men and
women who will not have their monies pol
luted by surethlng gamblers and their
methods. He denounced gambling in it4
various forms and pleaded with his hear
ers not to Indorse the scheme Involved «n
the memorial to the Legislature. He said,
that an indorsement el this memorial i3
a • violation of a principle which decent
men cannot support. It Is a sanction of
gambling and gives to the Legislature the
privilege of making that gambling as lon^j
as it pleases— for 365 days a year, if neces
sary.
Dr. Wilson was followed by Supervisor
Hotallng, -who devoted considerable time
to a learned discussion .on millinery and
a denunciation of the ministers present.
Supervisor Reed occupied a few minutes
with an explanation, and Isidore Jacobs,
claiming to represent business men.
spoke for what he 6aid they wanted.
Supervisor Tobin apologized and declared
that he had been misrepresented in the
newspapers, on the streets and else
where, and did not care; He did not
want public office, but' couia not be in
sulted while. Occupying a* public position.
Mr. Tobin shows that he has moods other
than that generally known as Jocose.
The gambling interests were then given
an opportunity. Prince Poniatowski took
the floor and declared that, he had found
himself possessed of an equal ability lo
raise horses and children. He made no
pretense of disguising the nflrpose of his
presence 'and the object or his friends.
He declared that he would not pretend t->
say that racing wag moral, but that he
wanted the right to conduct it in this city
fgr thirty days. He declared that in th'a
endeavor of his there are associated wlOi
him Robert Oxnard and A. B. Spreckela
and seventeen others, but he forgot proo
ably to add that among these associate*
are Johnny Farley, saloon-keeper; Joe
Harvey, gambler, and Charles L. Fair.
Prince Poniatowski expressed great bit-
terness against The Call for its antag
onism to the reopening of Ingleside.
In saying this he expressed regret and
surprise that the proprietor of The Call
had left the room. As ho paid so some
surprise, was also expressed in the audi
ence, who knew" that the proprietor of
The Call would have asked Prince Ponla
towski if his experience on the racetracks
of France qualified him particularly to
manage a reputable racetrack in San
Francisco.
When Prince. Ponintowflki concluded
Supervisor Tobin moved the Indorsement
of the resolutions adopted bf the Super
visors. These resolutions memorialize
the Legislature to give to every county in
,the State the privilege of holding thirty
days' racing In every year, but prohibiting
every county rrom allowing any book
making or poolsfclling for a longer period
than thirty days. This memorial also
gives to every county the right to prohibit
. bookmaking and poolselllng altogether.
Supervisor Tobin had no sooner present
ed his resolution than Rev. John A. B.
Wilson was on his feet with a substitute.
This substitute was the excerpt from the
Mayor's message, which has already been
mentioned and. in which the Mayor de
nounces gambling as a great evil. Mayor
Phelon flushed crimson and hesitatingly
declared the substitute out of order. To
bln'3 motion was adopted by a vote of 44
to 19, and immediately afterward Dr. Wil
son's resolution .was also adopted. Both,
therefore, one stultifying the other, the
first showing the Mayor's efforts to aid
his gambling friends and the second ex
posing his sham*, will go before the Leg
islature from this city.
HOW CITIZENS
PLEADED FOR
CITY DECENCY
Complete Report or the Incl
..-..dents of ; a Remarkable"
Meeting Called -mj the
• Mauor Last Night,
.-.¦¦¦-¦-.
: Those parts of the meeting which are of
vital Importance are plven in full in what
follows: .'_-¦' . .-
Mayor Phelan Explains.
The Mayor called the meeting to order an.1
cuted the object in calling it. saying: "Dur
ing the week a discussion of the question of
regulating racing and the selling of pools came
before the Board of Supervisors unexpectedly
and as there was a general misunderstanding
among the citizens as to the best methods 'of
procedure with a view to suppressing or regu
lating racing and poolselllng and gambling" I
thought it well to call a conference here this
evening of citizen's, that we might exchange
views and at the same time that more exact
Information might be communicated to the
gentlemen here than they could 'gain through
the columns of the press as to the condition
cf the law and as to the respective powers of
the Board of Supervisors and. the Legislature.
There seems .to be. a -general ooncurrence
among the clergy ofMhe city in the view
that racing and bookmaking and poolselllng
should be suppressed. So far as San Fran
cisco is concerned, by ordinance of the Board
of Supervisors, there is now no poolselllng
within the limits of the city and county. Rac
ing is not forbidden, but -pooUelllng is forbid
den, whether In the lnclosure of . a racetrack
or without. And those who conduct races con
tend, that they cannot profitably, . or at all,
carry on the racing season without the privi
lege of selling pools, or making bets, at any
rate within the lnclosure of the track. The
men who conduct the racing are, they claim,
not interested In poolsellinjr outside of the
track. In the .city of San Francisco, by ordi
nance, there is no poolselllng allowed. ¦
The Mayor then went into what he styled a
history of the various racetracks in and' about
the city, and a statement of the situation, as
ho .claimed it to be. which he urged made- the
pending proposition for a limited racing- sea
son advisable, stating that the track at Em
eryville, owing to its location, was beyond lo
cal control and could only be regulated by the
action of the .Legislature. He then continued:
.Why 'He Called tho Meeting-.
"As the question was .•alscd. and as t,he citi
zens, and especially the clergymen. • Eeremed
to be Interested in the matter, I thought it
only proper to bring them here 'and tell them
that the remedy was In the Legislature. . and
whatever force was accumulating now for bet
ter morals In San. Francisco should, be. direct
ed, not to tha Board of Supervisors, at, this
time at any rate, . but to, tho- Legislature, and
if we all stood together we . could : probably
Have them enact the New. York law, which al-
Iowb racing for . thirty or r f drty days' In the
State and absolutely forbids the sale of pools.
"We have nothing to conceal. I If you petition
the Legislature here in mass meeting , to pass
such an act I am sure that- you will-be- heard
at- least respectfully by '¦ that ' hody, and per
haps an Impression can : be made -. upon • them.
But so far as I and the Board . of Supervisors
IF the meeting called by !toycr
Pholan last night had any meunlni
it mean* that the enlightened pub
lie opinion of this city, expressed ljy
men who?? rtanding Js ab.*olutely
unquestioned. Is Irrevocably op
posed to a resumption of rsfcetraek
gambling in San Fran-cisco. The
men who make our Jocal laws could
not esrspe tho deduction of whit
was paid last night aitd know that
any measure which will restore the evil
of gambling In this city, under any pre
tense, will he in opposition to the decent
and Intelligent public opinion of the city.
More than that the enlightened public
opinion of this city is heartily in accord
with any effort which may be made to
suppress Rambling in every other city !n
the State, but not at the expense of what
has already been won in San Francisco.
Mayor Phelan cannot escape from the jus
tice of the accusation that he acted la: t
night with deliberate unfairness to the !
decent people whom he invited to his
meeting. In his call for that meeting: he
declared that the racing season should
be limited by the Legislature and that
pool-pelling and bookmaking be prohibit
ed, and yet with his sanction, with every
evidence of preconceived suggestion, t-e
secured' from his followers last night the
adoption of a resolution which not only
permits but indorses bookmaking and
pool*selling in every racetrack which may
be established in every county in the
State.
The men whom he classed as jepresen
tatlve? of enlightened puollc opinion be
lieved what he said in his call and were
astounded when they discovered that he
did not mean what he said, but meant
what h%s satellite. Supervisor Tobin, is
advocating— another thirty-day-a-year
reign of bookmaking thievery In any
county which Is foolhardy enough to in
dulge it. Disgusted at this change of po
sition on the part of the Mayor the decent
men whom he had Invited refused to ac
cept his substitute and then forced him to
adopt his own words condemning track
gambling as an evil which should be sup
pressed.
It was almost ?:30 o'clock when Mayor
Phelan called the assembly together. He
declared that he admitted the point of
view of clergymen and citizens In general
against racehorse gambling. He declared
that while 8an Francisco was free from
the evil its citizens had an opportunity to
patronize racetracks In our vicinity and
the- remedy is alone in the hands of the
Legislature and not the Supervisors. And
he said: "I and the Supervisors will be
silent until the Legislature adjourns."
He then outlined what he claimed to be
a history of the racetracks in- and near
San Francisco. W.nen he had concluded
he asked for an expression "f opinion:
There was silence and he declared that
he saw Prince Poniatowski and Mr.
Crocker, Charles L. Fair and other racing
men present and he would like, to get
their point of view. He said that the
racing men told him that there had to be
eome gambling or trey could not keep up
the game, but that it could be conducted
honorably and bad men thrown out. He
then called upon the Rev. Dr. William
Rader. pastor of the Third Congregational
Church, to address the mass-meeting.
Must Fight Annually.
Dr. Raoer did fo. and left absolutely
no doubt of the position of the enlightened
element of San Francisco which he rep
resents. He declared that every year the
decent people of San Francisco must fight
against the aggrr-nsions of gamblers and
their shameful methods, and while he
would like to see a State law of regula
tion enacted he did not wish to see that
enactment jeopardize anything of what
this city nan won in decency. He urged
that rather than memorialize the Legis
lature for thirty days of racing and gam
bling we should present our own prohibi
tory ordinance and ask the Legislature to
make it a statute of the State. He de
clared that California Is being disgraced
by the advent of Eastern adventurers and
gamtilers. and that for the good name of
car State we should not legalize that
gambling in every county, but place upon
gambling an absolute prohibition and shut
the Eastern parasites out. Upon one
thing, he said. Mayor Phelan, the Super
visors and every honest, decent citizen
of San Francisco will agree— that never
again trill Ingleside be reopened In San
Francisco as a gambling resort.
Rabbi Nieto was then called upon by
Mayor Phelan, and spoke at some length.
The reverend gentleman declared that
under no circumstance would he give his
moral support to any measure which will
place upon the statute books of Califor
nia a recognition of gambling in this
State. He declared that the Legislature
could not so far degrade itself as to" do
that. At the same time he Is In favor of
racing, and believes that communities
f hould be large enough and brave enough,
if an evil develops out of racing, to recog
nize that evil, regulate it and curb it.
John IX Spreckels then arose to explain
the attitude of The Call in this grave
matter. He declared that the only pur
pose of this paper in its agitation against
horseracing as now conducted is to de
stroy. If possible, gambling In this city
and that the policy pursued by The Call
has been dictated absolutely by him and
under* his Instruction alone. In answer
to a question from Supervisor Tobin, Mr.
rt HE mass-meeting called by Mayor Phelan to elicit an enlightened public opinion on the question
of racing, bovkmaking and pool-selling in this city zvas held last night, and Mayor Phelan and
the Supervisors knozv nozv that the enlightened public opinion of San Francisco is emphatically,.
intelligently and untiringly opposed to horse-racing which is attended with any form of gambling in
San Francisco. . ¦
Never perhaps before in the history of the city has so unanimous a protest been made against an
nil by the best elements of the city as zvas made last night, when men voiced the bitterest denunciation
against any effort which will restore the gamblers to San Francisco. The men who voiced this opinion
declared that they are not adverse but rather in complete sympathy zvith the Mayor's ozun avozved pro
posal that bookmaking and pool-selling be abolished on every racetrack in the State. This in outline teas
the meaning of the meeting last night.
Mayor Phclan, fearful of what might happen, took care to invite horsemen, stablemen and busi
ness men, who make profit of racetrack gamblers, to the meeting, and at the pleading of Supervisor
Tobin these men, forty-four in number, out of the population of San Francisco, voted to memorialize the
Legislature to permit racing and bookmaking for thirty days in each county, zvith the deeply significant
proviso that any county shall alzvays have the right to abolish both racing and bookmaking and pool-selling
within county limits. And fast upon the adoption of this resolution anotha\was indorsed for transmis
sion to the present Legislature. -
77ii.r document is an excerpt from the Mayor's message delivered, on January 8, 1900, to t the
Board of Supcrz'isors, in which Mayor Phclan declares that public gambling is a great evil, leading to
poverty, disgrace, defalcation and death, which the records of the city abundantly prove, and its prac
tice should be discountenanced and suppressed. This resolution, also showing beyond peradventure of a
doubt that tJw people of San Francisco will not tolerate Ingleside and its gambling, will be sent zvith thc %
other to the Legislature.
The only meaning of the meeting last night zvas that San Francisco has had' its share of the
shame which follows track gambling, and that Mayor Phclan, supported By City Hall employes, Super
visorial satellites, confessedly racetrack fiends and men zvho earn their living by the bounty of track
gamblers, insist that gambling, admittedly a crime in every other State' in the Union, shall receive in
dorsement upon the statute books of California. • .
The Mayor Pa'eks the Assembly With Racehorse Men, Gamblers, City Employes
and Dependents of the Traeks--Two Memorials, One Stultifying the Other, Or
dered Sent to the Legislature as an Expression of Contradictory Opinion
CITIZENS IN MASS-MEETING WARN MAYOR
PHELAN AND THE SUPERVISORS NOT TO
ATTEMPT A REVIVAL OF TRAGK GAMBLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1901.
" • "We are here to oppose racing In any form and any where. Our services were held Sunday night
not in the interests of any one track, but against the evils of horseracing in, the entire State aB well as in
the city and county of San Yrancisco. We believe that if the Supervisors and the Mayor will maintain
the attitude which they held toward this matter San Francisco, being the principal city- of the
State, and holding the position that it does, can set the pace for every other county in the State."— Rev.
Philip Coombe. . ¦/. v ; - !. '/'I :¦'-.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" CARRIED TOO FAR.
The Fear of Being Deceived or Hum-
bugged Prevents Many People
* From Trying "a Good
r ,:., Medicine. .
Stomach trouble?" are .«o common and in
most cases so obstinate to cur* that p«o~
pie are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and Indigestion.
Many such people pride themselves** 'on
their acuteness .In never being hum-
bugged, especially In medicines.
This fear 'of being humbugged can be
carried too far. so far. in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money. In faithfully testing the claims
made for a remedy so reliable and unHrer-
»ally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different In one important respect
from ordinary patent medicines -for the
reason that they are not a secret patent
medicine; no secret Is made of the Ingred-
ients, but analysis shows them to conta>n
the natural digestive 1 ferments, pure-
aseptic pepsin (government teat) Golden
Seal and diastase. They are not cathartic,
neither do they act powerfully on any
particular organ, but they euro indiges-
tion on the common sense plan of digest-
Ins the food eaten thoroughly before It
has time to ferment, sour and cause the
mischief. This Is the only secret of their
success.
Cathartic pttls never have and never
can cure Indigestion and stomach troubles,
because they act only on the bowels,
whereas the whole- trouble is fh th»
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That is all there Is
tb It. Food not digested or half-digested
Is poison, as it creates gas. acidity, head-
aches, palpitation of the heart, loss of
flesh • and . appetit© and many Other
troubles, which are often called by some
other name.
They are sold by druggists everywhere
tn the United States, Great Britain and
Canada.
¦ ' (G. ' V. Crawford was arrested ' in tht»
Grand Hotel last night on & charue of
embezzlement, preferred by Chief of Po
lice Kipley of Chicago, who Informed Cap.
taln Seymour by telegraph on January 2"»
that Crawford had left the Windy Citv
bound evidently for California. Careful
watch was kept at the hotels, with the
result that Crawford was captured shortly
after leaving the train.
The prisoner is about 25 years of age.
He had been employed In a large station
ery store, from the proprietor of which he
had been stealing small sums for some
time, taking in all about $1100. He wore
on his vest a gold medal showimjr*that at
one time ho had been a champion ftve
mlle runner..
CHICAGO EMBEZZLES IS
CAUGHT IN -GRAND HOTEL
house will soon be followed by several
more, and If a crimp of ordinary propor
tions can be put in the beer traffic there
Is a probability of coffee houses without
number In the downtown district.
Under the plans of H. F. Chadbourne.
one of its incorporators, the first coffee
horse crowd which follows the thorough
breds in their winding campaign from
Memphis to Chicago every year and lin
gers over the famous brews of Cincinnati
and St. Louis is seriously considering a
lightning shift from hop juice to the fas
cinations of the Arabian berry and the
oily sinkers that play the part of its side
partner.
• Nothing like a panic has as yet mate
rialized among- the saloon men, but "Vir
ginia" Carroll Is exploiting the coffee
game to the limit and trying to get Bar
ney Schrelber to lead a hiatus of the
sports from their wonted places about the
round tables. Carroll says Schreiber is at
heart a coffee fiend and Imbibes an untold
amount of the fluid before he can get his
thoughts to work. Whether attributable
to the coffee diet or not, Schreiber has
been unusually successful in "doping" the
winners of late, and says he will take a
chance and join the coffee recruits, pro
vided, of course, that they offer the frank
furter Inducement In addition.
SMALL BLACKS" threaten to de
stroy the white man's lo — burden
of "hlg-h balls." The succulent
sinker Is about to crowd the hot
frankfurter off the lunch counter.
And all on account of the advent of the
coffee club, which proposes to stop the
flow of beer and other alcoholic refresh
ments nnd provide all the comforts of
home for the thirsty youth of the city.
Th<? announcement in The Call of this new
'-nterprise has created quite a flutter
along: the line where pplggots are kept
bury end fresh keg's are tapped every
liour.
By selecting its fir«t location on Powell
Ftreet the club has cut in on a promising
field. Within a few blocks of Its proposed
h«me are countless resorts where the
nipht is strung out to its finish with the
clinking of plassware. the seductive song
of the irrepressible slot machine and the
punishment of steaming; frankfurters.
The beer-bibbing fraternity from the
racetracks is strung out every evening
within a. stone f s throw of the infant en
terprise. There is a possibility that the
IMPRESSIONISTIC VISIONS OF EVENTS THAT ARE MORE THAN" LIABLE TO HAPPEN "WHEN THE.THREAT
ZDED COFFEE CLUB MANIA BECOMES FIRMLY ESTABLISHED IN ITS HOME NEAR THE POWELL
STREET CABLE SLOT. WHERE THE RACING MEN LINE UP. X
News of Impending Coffee Clubs Is Received With Glee by All
Sorts and Conditions of Men With the Exception of the
Saloon - Keepers, Who Are Filled With Apprehension
"SMALL BLACKS" AND "SINKERS" '
THREATEN TO PUSH "HIGH BALLS"
AND FRANKFURTERS TO WALL
; 'Charles: Fricke has Instituted a su n i n
-the \ Superior ; Court . to have a receiver ap
pointed to take charge of the business af
fairs 'of Llevre, Fricke & Co., on the al
legation that for over a , year LJevre ha?
'monopolized the profits of the firm and re
fused his partner access to the books.
Demands a Recaiver.
A special meeting of the directors of -the
San and San Joaquln Valley
railroad,- now a part of the Santa Fe sys
tem, was held yesterday afternoon. Tbe
resignation of "W. G. Nevin as director in
the company was received and accepted
and A. G. Wells was chosen to fill the
vacancy. ,
Mr. Nevin was made a director when
the 'Valley road was absorbed by the
Santa Fe in July, 1897. He has also served
as general manager and at his own re
quest" was granted a six months' leave oi
absence on account of. illness.
The resignation of Alexander Mackle as
secretary of the Valley road was accepted
and a resolution was offered byDirector
Robert Watt testifying to the high regard
In which the official was held by the com
pany. . .
The directors appointed G. - Hulterhoff
Jr." secretary, to succeed Mr. Mackle. Mr.
Hulterhoff Is the treasurer of the Santa
Fe Pacific lines with headquarters In L03
Angeles.. He will assume hid new duties
February" 1.
' After the meeting of the Valley road di
rectors there was a : short meeting of the
Santa Fe Terminal Company, at : which
Mr. Mackie' also announced his resigna
tion-as secretary, treasurer and director.
A. • G. 7 Wells was chosen a director, vice
II. C. Bush, who resigned to go to Den
ver as traffic manager of the Colorado
Midland. . > ; ¦ •.<¦ . , -...-
Illness Compels W. G-. Nevin
to Relinquish His Di
rectorship.
RESIGNS VALLEY
ROAD POSITION
V' George Ruggles,' the patient .who is sup
posed ¦ to" have : carried . diphtheria' into the
City ?¦ and? County. ¦ Hospital,. .died at The
institution : yestef day.? Dr. Saph and the
itwo ". nurses ;,who • received contagion ' from
Ruggles are progressing < well. They 'are
quarantined. ; - ¦
Diphtheria Patient Dies.
. PITTSBTJRG, 29.— Mow .On and
Mow Ye Chan 1 , two Chinese, farrested -at
North -Burke * recently on a charge of il
legally entering the United States.J were
to-day ordered departed to China.; There
are now; twenty-six Chinese i in ;Jail here,"
sixteen a t ;. Malone .and fourteen at I Ca n
ton awaiting 1 trial, ¦ charged ' with entering
this country illegally.
Two Chinese Dejp'orted.
Captain of Detectives Seymour yester
day afternoon ordered an investigation
Into the cause 'of the death of Louis C
Newgard at the City and County Hospital
yesterday. ¦ From the investigation made
at' Coroner Leland's request by Deputy
Coroner Meehan it was learned that New
gard was found by his son on Christmas
night lying bleeding in a bam at 9 Silver
street, owned by ¦ J. Lynch of that '.ad
dress. . ¦'-•¦. *¦«- - ' ¦ - .¦¦•¦'¦ - • . , . - _, .„.
There was a gash in Newgard's head.
His son- took him to his residence at '23
Silver street, where to, his wife and son
the injured man made a statement to 'the
effect that he had been struck on the head
with a scantling by Lynch. Newgard,- be
coming worse, was sent to the hospital,
where he died yesterday . morning of a
fractured skull. . •
The dead man was formerly in the serv
ice of the Pacific Steam Whaling Com
pany and had been captain of the steamer
Excelsior. ¦-.-:'¦• ,' . - ; t
Mrs. Newgard called on Captain Seymour
last night and repeated the story told her
bv her, husband while he '.was at the hos
pital. /According to his statement Lynch
called him into, the barn" to have a glass
of Deer. Lynch approached him'and said
"You did me a mean turn a: long while
ago; now, I will get even," and then struck
him with a scantling. ¦.- ..."..; _:j ,-,
Joseph and Annie Newgard. children of
the deceased, told similar stories. *
Lynch told the captain that ¦ Newgard
was drunk in his barn and fell as if in a
fit. striking his head against. the corner ftf
a mancer. - ¦> ¦ •-• r *.:;» ." .- v ': :¦ ¦•..-;- r/~-.< ¦
No charge has been preferred against
Lynch.
His Death at the Hands of
, J. Lynch. . .^^
Decedent's Relatives : Assert He Met
ORDERS INVESTIGATION
OF NEWGAED'S DEATH
¦ The Police Commissioners met last night
to discuss the practicability of so dividing
up the watches of the patrolmen that they
would only have to serve eight hours out
of twenty-four, but nothing, definite >a a
determined upon as-iiie present force is
too small to make the change. Chief Sul
livan presented a report showing that be
fore it would be possible' to make the de
sired change it would l>e necessary to in
crease the department ' by the appoint
ment of 160 new members. To establish
a system of eight-hour watches It would
be necessary to have 103 more men in the
northern district, thirty-nve more in Uio
southern district and twenty-two more
in the -Mission district. .Under the char
ter the city is entitled to 179 more polico
men, but the funds to pay them are not at
hand. <
'A lengthy opinion written by District
Attorney Bylngton, quoting legal author
ities," showed that J the power to increase
the force rests in the hands of the
Supervisors. ! .
-After "a lengthy discussion it was de
cided to ask the Supervisors to raaTte pro
vision 5 for the appointment , of twenty
five more policemen, in- ©rder. that the out
lying districts be given - better police pro
tection. " , • T „
'Patrolman Thomas J. Rowan was ac
quitted . of : a . charge :.-. of ¦ neglect of duty
and "' the 7 trial of v Patrolman Edward J.
Riley, accused of sleeping while on duty,
went over ¦ for > one i week. , Policeman - W.
B.-.- White ; tendered his resignation and it
was accepted;..;; -.• . v .: ,-."'-
Commissioners to Ask Su
pervisors for, Twenty-five
Patrolmen.
MORE POLICEMEN
FOR THE CITV
g
He then called up the resolution of Dr. Wil
son, which was also adopted, upon which the
meeting adjourned.
The Mayor then put the question upon the
adoption of Mr. Tobin's resolution and upon a
rising vote declared It carried iby . a vote ! of
41 agalnet 19. ...
, Rev. Dr. Rader said he approved of these re
marks, and Rev. ; Dr. Bell said he could not
conscientiously approve of thelast paragraph
of the resolution adopted by the biard.
The Rev. Dr. NIeto In explanation of his
vote said: "I want to put myself in my proper
place In this matter. I do not consider It rlsht
p.r.d proper for the Legislature to enact any
IftWiand put it upon the statute book In which
It gives its tacit consent to wholesale gam
bling. I cannot vote for the resolution as it
now stands."
The meeting recognized in' this substitute the
words of the Mayor, taken bodily from his last
annual message, and laushed and applauded at
the predicament In which the quotation placed
him. The Mayor himself Joined In the laugh
and ruled that the resolution was not properly
a substitute, but might he voted upon after
ward.
At the end of the discussion between ¦ th-j
Mayor and Erinre Ponlatowskl. Rev. Dr. Wil
son offered the following as a substitute for
Mr. Tobln's motion: "Public rambllnsr Is a
great evil, leading to ooverty, disgrace, defal
cation and death, which the records of the city
abundantly prove, and Its practice should bo
discountenanced end suriprepsed."
. Prince Ponlatowskl— Yes, sir; I think It per
fectly fair.: Our Idea is if we can reduce rac
ing to December, January and February it
would be for the best Interest of the sport. I
c"n not speak of San Francisco, but of all rac
ing in the State. • There Is one bad feature
about the Horton law of New York — It is sim
ply playlne into the hands of the bookmaker?.
The Mayor — The advantage then to you of
the Legislature passing the act would be to
make a uniform limit to racing in the several
counties? , , • , ,.-.. ¦
Prince Ponlatowskl— Certainly. The same
class ' of people : eo to one place ' as go to the
otUer. Of this number about twelve hundred
are net from S?an Francisco; they are Eastern
men and floating population.' They come from
New Orleans, New York, Chicago and else
where.
Prince Ponlatowyki — Fully ninety-nine ani
four-fifths per cent are from San Francisco.
We had thirty-three local people at the last
race from San Mateo and twenty-eight hun
dred fr6m S3n Francisco. ...
The Mayor— And the came people would at
tend the races at Inerleslde? ,
The Mayor-— Are the r>«ople who attend Tan
foran Park from San Francisco or elsewhere?
It and keep it in the hands of that element
by limiting the season to a reasonable num
ber of days. Wo are at your disposal, look
ing at this matter Indifferent to a certain ex
tent what course' you take. As between In-
Eleside and Tanforan, they are absolutely In
different to us. One Is thirty-four minutes
travel from the city In one direction
and the other Is thirty-three minutes
in another direction. " As ""to " " raclne, [
do not pretend that . it is a moral
thing, but the world Is as we find It. In
England and In France the Bport is In the
hands of a 'high "class of men. we wish to
have the same condition of affairs here."
The Mayor — Your company now conducts
Tanforan Park T* • :'* '¦ : "
Prince -Ponlatowskl— Yes, sir; Tanforan
Park. '¦/' jT* , '- ' .. ,i
The May"br-^-And" the "races there' are per
fectly fair? -. , •• ,... , .
Prince Poniatowski — There is no question
about that at all. It never has been raised..
CHARGES HUSBAND
WITH KIDNAPING
Mrs. Alice Lance Recovers
Child That Is Taken
Prom Her.
Little One Is Found Safe at 1780
Eddy Street and . the Accused
Father. Is Ndt Ar-
At the request of Mrs. Alice Lance'
Judge Cabaniss Issued a warrant late
yesterday afternoon for the arrest of
Richard C. Lance, husband of the com
plainant, on a charge of kidnaping hi3
own child. The Lances arrived here a
few days ago from Mexico and took quar
ters at a lodging-house on Third street,
near Stevenson. •
In applying for the warrant Mrs. Lance,
who was accompanied by her attorney,
related a simple story to the Judge. She
stated that she left her rooms for a mo
ment yesterday afu-inoon and when she
returned she found the place deserted and
her husband and flve-months-old child
gone. . . "^-_.-
The warrant was issued and Captain
Seymour detailed Detective Whlttaker to
arrest Lance. Mrs. Lance told the de
tective that her husLand would probably
attempt to leave for Mexico and asked
him to watch for her spouse at the ferry.
She seemed anxious 10 have the matter
given as little publicity as possible and
would vouchsafe no reason for her hus
band's desire to leave her.
• Lance did not put in an appearance at
the ferry and after ¦ waiting awhile the
woman returned to r her attorney's office.
While there she received a telephone call
that her child was safe at a house at 1760
Eddy street.
Detective Whlttaker went to the place
and after satisfying Himself that Mrs.
Lance was In possession of her infant re
ported back to his captain and dropped
the case. ¦ '. :
It was learned that Mrs. Lance's hus
band Is a man of some means.. Of late
the couple have quarreled frequently.
From a word let drop here and there in
telling her troubles to the policemen it
appears that Mrs. Lance's woes are of a
family nature. Spanish blood runs freely
In her ve,lns and jealousy Is no small part
of her make-up. Lance is an Englishman
and of- easy-going- disposition. Mrs. Lance
has a. sister, as ' beautiful 'as herself and
very attractive.. So much so, if the wife's
story is not merely Imaginative or caused
by the green-eyed trouble maker, that she
won the admiration of her brother-in-law.
Whether Mrs.. Lance will Insist on the
arrest of her husband Is a matter of con
jecture. She was not at home last night
to visitors.
CITIZENS IN MASS-MEETING WARN
MAYOR PHELAN AND SUPERVISORS
Continued Trom Page Four.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^CALL, WEDNESDAY,; JA^iMRY 30, 1901 J
K
5
UUrillrllv I BmBkU o«r »u million boxti a
jlmllar medtdno I. «.. WO rld. **f*{. 'ffS^utifi&FJr
1 - iL/ J^Si^^ET 8 »*»«»>««»«ljr guaranteed to care or
money refunded. Go kajr today, two fiOc boxes. Brfv© thorn ¦>
fair, noneat trial, u* peralnplo dlreetlOBt. nnd Ifyoa are,
not satUSed, afirr ii«lna : o»e AOchox, return the nnntedSOe
box nnd the empty box to as by mall, »r the drnraUt from
whom yon pnnhawil It, and c.t your nraerbaek Tor both:
boxe»- Take our nUvlw-no m.ltcr what alia ron— start to-
day. Health will quickly follow and yon will btr«« the day
yoa nriUtnrted Book free by malt
Address: bTERLNG ItEMEDY CO., AEW I0UK or CHICAGO. .
GRin I" -all .bowel troubles, artpendldtls, bll-
blEiL lou»ne«.». bad linxttb. bad iilood, ivlnd
llfir on th * • to *"acU, bloated, bowels, foul
\S E 2 ba moctli, headache, i ndlseatlon, pi niplm,
paln« nfter eatlni. Hvcr trouble, tallow complexion
and (Ilzzlnebs. \Vlien your boxrcls don't move rcjju-
larly you are cettlns slclc. Constipation kill* more
people than all other diseases together. It Is * a
Kiartcr Tor the chronic ailments and Ions years of
Mifl'erlnj that corn© afterwards. No matter, what
alls sou, start taklns CASCA11KTS to-day, for you
will nrvrr grt well and. be well all tbe time until
yon put your bowels right. Take oar advice; start
with CASCARISTS to-day, under an absolute guar-
antee to cure or money refunded. to
g*% CHtCHHTCR'S ENGU8M
feNYHOYftl PILLS
S — /T/*>v " O Hcin »1 and Only 64a ¦ t ne.
f'f'S *» CMICHKSTEK'S KNGUSII
Ui43\i*iS\la UEI) u4 CoM aei»:ilo b«im. ml«t
T-v -—^JJM "l!l» bin* ribbon. Take no othsr. Refa«3
f>1 *!K» WJ Pn^nu H«b>tItBti<M« B»d lalta.
I / ~ • fiT tloa*. Buy of yoar Dnuiui. or prod ic. ia
I W mum r<>r Parttenlara. Tc-tlm«nl«lo
X'C* ft* ¦><> "Re!t«r far L*d!e«,"m fetter.*; re>
1/ tnrw Mall. 1 0.MIO Tr.U»oa!»li. SolSty
>— —/ anDroMlaia. Chlelioter Chemleal C«.
KmtOtm tM» p.per. il.dlwn - a -«re. PUli-A^ V£.
visit OR- JORDAN'S orcat
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY
Cjf Tho Larzett Aaatomkal Msseum ia tbi
.i-jfe^ World Vi «kkam«» er «.iy contracted
3*2 Wjy diK«e pc^l«l»rl7eur«J by the oiint
fcSViii opeailiuru ttu. Co&u. Eat-jiyaut- '
fiS^S DR. w*CaDAM-P2nATE DISEASES
7^dS Co.-.TOlt3tion freo tnd irrlctiT print*
J JtS*/a Tn i:ment p*'»oiu!ly rt by If tier. A
M f' MO ff-tlt* CWtta e»ery cue anueruMea.
M/ \ tZ Wmc tor Bank. PBILOSOnY H
« I I TUHUfiK, MAIUO P3S4L (A
A L, " Mluiaio book lot ava;
D& JOBDflS A CO.. I0M Uarket St. . a F.
XS^ VIM « VIGOR, V1TAL1 TY for MLN
4^**^ MORMON BISHOP'3 PILLS
ilj!^ J^A have been In use over fifty
pA,*f'">j* I 3jg4 years by the leaders of tha
fc3'»? iij(SS Mormon Church and thetr fol-
¦gjhflV^IJ^'^W lowers. Positively cures th»
KnJM^'CSH worst cases In old and younir
Ml^S. V fJtsS arising from effects of self-
'fcMTfcr '*jw abuse, dissipation, excesses or
wjgjjiti f>'Ml ci(?arett<"-smoklnK. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
>BMM>m * Power, Xlcht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Eyll Desire*. Lam« Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, amm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Xe *3 fj rvous Twttchlns
of Eyelids. Effects ZZrJZa » * • Immediate.
Impart vigor and CEltTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: & cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped orpans.
Stimulates the brain and nerv« centers; SOc a
box; 6 for {2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with « boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco, Cat.. GRANT DRUG CO..
S3 and 40 Third st. . .
THE EMPORIUM. | •./. THE EMPORIUM, ' | " : ( THE EMPORIUM.
Z Wash ~ mPOIO^BTftlCWII^ 1»AZA.AJ% «^ reduced $
J Fabrics. California's largest-America's grandest store prices now. »
I Sate of the Webster Stock s
I Men's Underwear and Hosiery. |
| -This is ihejhird Bay of the. great sale. It is the biggest offering of {Men's Under-*
* '-wear and Hosie r v at cut prices ever made by the Emporium. We closed out the balance 5
\ of the* stock of J.imes S. Webster & Sons, importers and commission merchants, consist- 5
$ in* of more than yoo do{en pieces, at a vsry large discount from regular wholesale prices, i
»b The sale continues all this week. . %
if 5oc Jersey ribbed form-fitting Co ton Ua lit wear, per garment. ..3Qq $*-5° Natural Woal Underwear, <boble-breasted «hirt, ™™-.$f a t0 "?
*£ $1.50 Silk n-ecel Unlerwcar, per garment -83o Veb ' ter ' s High-grade Half Hosj— Manufactured to sell at 35c pair, S
$ |i .oo Natu-al Wo.: Underwear, very little cotton, now J7 G f * n ? b^SS*™, mercerised cotton £mcy wool aock^ natural J
*• p /,-",¦ ' ' undved Socks, et;., all marked now a: the u:vfcrm f»/ft „ w
J, £ 1. 00 Camel's Hiir Unierwea-, S3 t, fl;:cy wool, now..' 77 O talc price.'. 3 palPS &%JC \
tC $1.00 D--rby Rijbfd Wool Uaierweir, per garment. . . . . . 77O Webstir's Men's Half Hose— That were manufactured to fell at 15c *
IC World r;aown:l G'astanbrry U.ide*wea*, regulariy $1.25 garm-nt, » pair; fancy balbriggans, seamless natural wcol, Camel's Hair Socks, 5
£ now.... 77O - etc., all now marked at tlie uniform sale pr?ce JT
K $1.50 Vicuna Merino Uaderweir, chestnut coLr, now $1.10 • • • • PalfS £%9G !t
g . ' — ; — - — — — — — — — — —^~ Jj
I The Sale of Short Lots f
I of Men's and Boys' Clothing. f
$ • These goods are marked to close out at once at prices which cannot be duplicated $
$w 1 ' en present Lots are gone: 5
% Mrn's.$i2.soA'-Woo!Sa:k Suits, now $8,95 B °y'» Vest^e Suits, 3 to 6 yean, now $2,48 i
|C Men's $17.50 and |so.oo Sa'ts, now cut to ...... .$13.75 Bays* S5.00 and $6.00 Vejtce Suia, 3 to 8 years, now $3m35 ]{
If Men's fin:st K-rser Overcoat', that wer; «3O.ooand $35.00, now Boys' $ 10.00 Long Pants Suits, for this sale $6.98 * |
«f ! $16.85 Odds and Ends of Boys* Waists— K. & E., Star tad Mother's J
"J Men's $3.00 All- Wool Pants, now. $1*65 Friend, a"J tbe best mokes, sizis 10 to 15 years, regular price* 75c an<* jg
g Bovs' $3.00 Reefer Coats, 3 to 8 yeari. ............... :J/ # g^ 95c; short-!ot sale price ~33O*
5" r '~^i . '•" . &
% Wrappers 6Oc on the $1.OO special Sate |
*• ,- « « r 75c Taffetas, 54c. *
j: For Four Days Only. We were oa y ab:e t0 l;care £ y^, ot j
% Just bought oid a wrapper factory; took J^"^ Jti 2^ S
$ jff% aU the wrappi's. they rod- ana sot them for good wearing »iik, mjd= rp^iaEy for $h&t •}
S <%& 6or r c n ihe doll:ir > and ih irs ihe " d ' a y y° u PiV" d priTtLSfonT y ritail S4c : *
f ifc«Mrj will get them. iAU ntw,zood y welt- made 3 ' L_l 3«
v wrappers with lined waists,' in all si^es: 35c Nut Bowls 25c. g
g ffl|| jA|j 75c and $1.00 dark and light Pw-rcih Wrappers . .d£Qc Thcsc f ne V ciei V^^^^^v S
5f $ 1 • 2 5 g° od qnali 7 ' -Flannelette' Wrappers. 73C. Idtabis fcr nuts,' /y&?'\&%, %
«?* JmnWU $1. 50 and $1.75 Flannelette Wrappers for 97 C """*• etc '» "I TOJwSi^v'fS^ *
Jf Y, V \ \ . * ,. • ¦ , TV ¦ r namental ana (J '?if?^a */tu'i$VvA X
j^ ' I! I : 1 j $2.00 superior quality Fhnne.e'.tc >v rappers for ns:rul, re:u!ar:y J11_ i ¦ i ¦ * .-^j^i D J5
i \\\\ x \ ..;'.... '.....$1.19 on^^A^^^r ?
g % 'lUll *^ SO very best Flaunt >Vr* PP zr> for].. :$1 m G9 l^t^ \
v I I I II $5.00, $7.50 and $8.50 Raisty-Day 25O |
g ;¦ • JJ jiijl 'am Sktrts , to-day and Thursday only j«
* %^ $2' 7&' A n assorted lot of fine rainy-day skirts— SpQCSSl $353 &
S bIack ' bluc ' S"y and brown; ei:h-r plain or plaid S5C RibtOXS, 1&C. S
backs, that have been S 5. oo, $ 7. 50 and §8. 50 — to- I50O Jni% of G ! ac e Tafl&ta Ribborw, «J
tf % day and to-morrow only $2 a 75 4/4 and 5 inches widf • white » U 6 ht luc » 3»
| $15.00, $t8.OO and $2O.QO Ta^or Dosses, to- 2S§ L^SHS^^S |
tf . tiay and Thursday O1t\y $10.03. Mosty black and have bctn secured fjr sp.-cal sae jS/Wf% 'X
** . navy, but a good assortment of all colors; a real good lot of this season's th:s dzy on.'y, per yard M m WH0 jf
ff dre-ses that have been $15.00, $18. co and $20.00 — all one price to-day ~ jc
¦P and to-morrow. $1Q,OQ SpBCiaJ S&fe X
S : -— — Chest Protectors* :5
ii Children's Weas* Dq- Misses' and B^are ofthe gn P . e«5-» %
$ paHment Specials Children's Shoes. Z> t^t^i %^J f< §
% Chi'd's C-shmcr: Dress, blue or red, lined _ Big spcrfil tae fcr Wednesday only Chest and Lung Pro- S <« "«
X throughout and trimmed with pearl buttons C^>vb5 of about 350 pa'rs of Misres* tec: or;; the front and / . 2< _ X
¦S and braid, si es for ages I to 4 years, price W$$ and Chi'dren's Vici K'd Shoes, bick are cut alike; if C. f > '3
gg] was 52.CO, special Wednesday only. £1.25 IsSsSB chth or kid tops, bee or button bought in the nrgu'ar 5 3< j»
fc* Babies' best quaity Sto:k:n:t Bibs, wih snap p£|i3 *. styl-, c ii tow, dressy and good way woaM fcaye to le X S> X
» button catch, price always 25c, special to- fM$1$&\ wearing ;hoci that se'l regularly sold at 45c each, but > b^ ' «
fc » day only iSO I r ' ror n S> »o to we have jecureJ 2^0 £ <f '
K ; : _ W/teS^V $1.35 P« par, to wWch we .haH offtr Mw*~»**>" «J
% Snecial Sale •* SDld to - da y on!y - We - nesi «y om y , «=ri 25c 5
|on !p: ci a lsa:e to-davon'y, ,4* fine 4-^Tea 1 Sizes ,,^ to * for '.V.V.7.£/!c6 GrOCerjf Specials. %
i C'oth., 'suin damas'f, optnwork, hand-fin- ¦ Bacon-Rit Extern sugar cured Bacon > , nice X
fished, hemstitchel, dainty pattern^ 32 inch« "._ . ._ . and lean, r.-gu ary 17c ,b, on *peaa! sole J
JC square, a Ji.oo value, each. . . . CSJM^ SpBGtal Safe ri. w r>v 7 V n- V ' ' ' 'X*?° «
*! » » . 4&*%'I* -» <• Chocolate— Gh rarde.li % ground, 1 1b. tins, X
X •••• •**-*-+* HOSe SUPPOHerS. reg^ly 30c. to-day 2Sf3-l
5 «M0#»f«>7 «»#** <e'0 fff#B TohIiv only, we offer 300 pa» cf 25c" Iadi s' " c!<mo . t>S Aiparagus-Isand branl, reg^rly
% SpeCial 3>ale p£ a 5G fnlelegenkelast-cSide Ho e Supror er S . C - tn ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦• -. • . - ... 2O(O J
$ CUShSOnS, $1. 75. in ii of the |^r co'ors ar.d w:th th- Pr^ lv3 .'y & °^ h °' I
I- >« cillt '' ton clasp - at thc SICil1 16c i«S£^^"^^7^>S 5
J. , ' have taeir.ee, yerpu B <9* MJf .....10o%
X 50 Mush— Our popu af Victory Innd, to-dav, 4 >e
S : - "omt 75g Plaques 33c. p3C^ es •; • • • 25 ° J
new < - > - r European tuyrr Hs secured anather lot of EmBtSUOr S&SCiSfSa •*
J. • -^ssb^X^ Tslour those popular Plaques, ma ie of metal, upon Sweit Wines— Angelica, Madeira ex Tokay, «
jf top,-ma.e-up cushions, 24 mche3 square, all which cho ce pictures are ar.isticaliy executed our CQO i ce $ x r O per gaUon qualities, ta-<Jay» X
tf ready to us?, the rigubr price of which is ino'lcoor;; these Paques are 16 inches in • 80O "*
» $2.50 each, which we place en sale for one diameter, with gik iim, and havi rinj in back NajieV Brandy— ThV gennbw, guaranteed a6 {r
$ day only, .to-d 3 y (Wedne day), at the very for hangng; there h a largs a sortment of ycars oid , eg11^ r l y <jr O pcr bo^
6 spec.nl price, ?ach (S&tf TP !% subj:ctsftheyare fold regularly fcr AA^ day # ..$f.2O '*
tf •• 1^#» # %* 75c; spatial to-day only, each... s$m$& Qrape JuiVe—^art hotrie'5,' to-day.'*'. ..^Oo %
For the Cops of Gonorrhoea, Gl««ts,
Strictures and analogous complaint*
ot' the Organs of Generation. ¦"
Prlc* II * bottle. For ul<* by drusstsla.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
ralirop / '3?sl m WrSSrB^ e °^ r * c k anc^ P oor > can attac^ an^
ill I an<^ thc year rotmcL One
{f^^^^^^^^^M^ tfme^EEP P CLE^N INSIDEr Use
; /^i^^^^S^r^aTllflBS,, the only tonic laxative, that will
. (<^rr==s^|^\ AJIP= TWffTDlii^^ 1 make your bowels strong and healthy,
and keep them pure and clean, pro-
/^^^^ tected against appendicitis and ALL
f!!^^ W^S^S EPIDEMIC DISEASES. It's CAS-
yjS<^~^*^ k^^^^^^^^^ CARETS, that will' keep and save
siLsdk you. Take them regularly and you
_.-*SiiarSg wi H f inc j t fc at a il diseases are absolutely
LIVER TONIC
ALL DRUGGISTsT^^^^^m. fl^M MMJ^m^^^ sqlD BTJUCA FEW DAYS AGO THE ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT FELT JUSTI
FIED IN PUBLISHING THIS CARTOON. VENEZUELA SEEMS,HOW
EVER, TO HAVE THOUGHT BETTER OF IT.
"Life Is real! Life, Sa earnest!"
. Salth the good old poet. Fudge!
Is lt» any more so, think you, :
. Than Is either Puck or Judge?
—Chicago Tribune.
Mr. Slmpklns— Give , me a .. kiss, Bobby,
and run «p and tell your sister Jennie I
have brought her a box of chocolate.
Bobby— Oh! when Dr. Dashington calls
he always gives " the . s-weets to me and
the kiss to Jennie.^-Tlt-Blts. .
She— What's the French for mashed po
tatoes. ,
("Why — er-pomme de_terre d amour, of
course." — Life. , v, " '".'.'¦¦'
, "They have twins at that house across
the street."
"I am glad of.lt!"
, '.'Why, what difference does it make to
you?'" ffi8^Sffiw8Wff«B
•'The man who lives there :1s the same
man who used : to - ; wake me at 5 o'clock
every ' Sunday, morning: last summer with
his infernal lawn mower."— Chicago Trib
une. . " '¦•-./¦'. ¦ • ! . .
A CHANCE .TO SMILE.
The managers of a New York cigar factory where
several hundred young women are employed recent
ly put a piano into the workroom and employed
skillful performers to play lively tunes during the
working hours, and it is said the result has been high
ly beneficial. The fingers of the girls move naturally
with the rhythm of the music, so that they. work faster
than before, and moreover do not get so soon wearied.
Should the success of the scheme lead* to its adoption
in other trades, we may yet find a use jor. the calliope.
It is the only music that would go in a boiler factory.
The Kansas woman who persists in wrecking
saloons and has met with a most vigorous and ungal
lant resistance, has certainly the satisfaction of know
ing by experience what conservative citizens seek
to avoid. She kqows what "rough house" in a drink
dispensary means. . .
r A New Haven preacher, shocked at the municipal
official corruption existing in 'New York, is ""or the.
opinion that. the city ought to. have an absolute ruler.
It would be interesting' to know what this* preacher
thinks is the position occupied by Richard Crok'er.
: In ajl the sorrow and sympathy of the world at the
death of England's Queen there were only two dis
cordant notes. Newspapers of France and Belgium
contributed comment which.must remain forever their
shame.
The San Bernardino man .who had the"- temerity' to
taste dynamite and then cheated the Coroner should
be forced either, to live in a /wilderness or give ' som;
guarantee to his neighbors that : he won't repeat the
trick. '. - . . .... :
If the legislative measure which makes it an of
fense to gii-e dogs poison except as medicine ever
becomes a law of this State, it is a safe wager that
some of our interesting canines will have to digest
an overdose.
OPPOSING THE EXCHANGE OF SILVER
Ab we loretold. tne advocates 01 tne tree coinage
of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 are out in oppo
sition to the proposed law making gold and
silver interchangeable.
General Warner of Ohio, presidect of the Bi
metallic League, one rf the organizations which
nominated Bryan, leads in the discussion from that
tide of the question. He asks: "Why first coin sil
ver, then store it in the treasury, issue certificates on
ir, and then make the silver, and virtually the certifi
cate, redeemable in gold? Is that a common sense
system of money? Would it not be more rational, if
silver or silver certificates are to be made redeemable
'n pold, to change the form of the certificates, make
them directly redeemable in gold and sell the silver
and put the proceeds^n the treasury'?"
To this it may be ar.swercd that the proposed law
deals with a condition and not a theory- General
Warner and his coworkers for free silver have added
to the circulation $490,104,027 in standard silver dolp
lars. The average actual value of a silver dollar for
the year 1900 was 46.419 cents. The average commer
cial ratio of gold to silver for the year was I to 34;
the legal ratio of I te 16.
The actual value of General Warner's $490,104,027
in silver dolkrs was just $227,501,383. That is the
price that this mass of etiined silver would bring, if
sold in the market, as he suggests.
The last report of the Secretary of the Treasury
docs not give the cost of this silver to the Govern
ment. But as it was bought and coined under the
Bland and Sherman acts, at a higher price than
its present value per oAince, the Government would
lose heavily by selling at the present price of 60 cents
an ounce.
In this condition what is to be done to keep the
Government's promise that gold and silver shall be
maintained at a parity at the legal ratio? The con
dition was created at the instance -of General Warner
and his friends. The only way to safely meet it and
maintain his $227,501,388 in silver at its coinage par
ity with $490,104,027 in gold is, not by "redeeming"
silver in gold, as he erroneously puts it, but by mak
ing the coins of the two metals interchangeable. By
this interchange, if he prefer his own phrase, gold will
be "redeemed" in silver or silver will be "redeemed"
in gold at a parity.
He is in error in saying that no other nation ever
attempted such a policy, for it closely approximates
the system adopted by France in 1876, after a hundred
years' fruitless experiment with an artificial ratio and
attempt to maintain the fiction of the double stan
dard.
If we had not snubbed the financial experience of
the world, including the fresh example of France, we
would not have begun in 1878, under the Bland acr,
the accumulation of this stock of silver. But we did
it, *and its presence in the body of our currency, a
merely mechanical increment, must be made as little
noxious as possible. To'do this and avoid further
accumulation beyond the absorptive power of th:
country, it must be made interchangeable with gold.
For reasons already explained, the silver certificates
will not become a menace to the gold reserve, be
cause, being" in small denominations, they will neither
be used in paying duties and excises nor hoarded by
the banks for a raid on gold, as the banks cannot se
cure control of them except by paying a premium.
After this legislation passes the stream of gold will
continue to flow into and out of the treasury, a true
river of Pactolus, upon which our commerce wsil
fiont. It will continue to flow hitherward from all the
world, making us a great reservoir of the world's
capital and therefore the world's creditor.
SALISBURY'S HOME PROGRAMME
WHETHER Salisbury will continue to hold the
post of Prime Minister after the assembling of
the first Parliament to be called by the King
is a question that is agitating a good many political
brains in the United Kingdom. There have been
stories that the King is unfriendly to him, but they
hrve met with a prompt denial. There are other re
ports that his followers are disposed to break away
from him on account of objections to his appoint
ment of so many of his own family to Cabinet posi
tions, but the reports have not been confirmed by the
appearance of any Conservative of note among the
objectors. Consequently all speculations concerning 1
the future of the Premiership are but guesses, none
of which are worthy of much credence.
While the political experts are prophesying his fall
the aged Premier is evidently doing his best to estab
lish his leadership upon a firmer basis and strengthen
his hold upon the people. The war in South Africa
is no longer popujar, and so Salisbury, with the tact of
an accomplished politician, offers to the country a
new issue. In a recent address at a Conservative ban
quet he urged upon the party the adoption of a
programme of social teform. The London Spectator
in giving an account of his speech said: "His chief
point was to insist that if Jhe Conservatives were to
keep their hold on London they must take up" tht
1-ousing question. 'They should devote all the power
they possess to getting rid of that which is really a
scandal to our civilization — the sufferings which many
of the working classes have to undergo in, the most
moderate, I might say, the most pitiable, accommo
dation.' They must not be frightened away from the
remedies for social evils by the fact that they are made
a cover or pretense for attacks upon property and
other institutions. 'You must repel these attacks, but
at the same time you must not allow your attention to
be diverted from the stern necessities which the vast
social changes of our time are imposing upon all who
cherish the prosperity of this country.' "
Such a programme is calculated to add to the
Conservative following in those parts of great cities
where the radicals and socialists have been strongest.
It will be, however, something like a new departure
for British Toryism. It is true the improvement of
slums has been carried out to a considerable extent in
all British cities, whether under Tory or Liberal con
trol, but such improvements were regarded as strictly
matters of local politics. It will be a different matter
altogether for the imperial Parliament to undertakes
social reform in the cities at the expense of the tax
payers of the whole kingdom.
From all indications it appears^the proposed pro
gramme will be acceptable to the public The Spec
tator in commenting upon it says: "It is "a vital
problem. Unhappily, there are at this moment thou
sands of children growing up in London and the
great towns under, conditions which *do not allow
them to become good citizens,* morally and physically.
Unless that state of things is stopped, and we cease
to produce a slum population, the state is in danger
01" an invasion -of the worst possible kind— the inva
sion of an unfit and demoralized population, not from
cutside, but from within. No doubt the destruction
of slums is costly, but remember that the essential
thing for getting rid of slums is not money, but care
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— The following
Callfornlans are in New York: From San
Franclsco^-R. L. Bernier at' the' Astor, K.
A. Daniel at the Murray Hill, R. Hickmott
at the Imperial. From Los Angeles— A.
G. Newton at the Astor. From Oakland—
R. H. Hammond at the St. Denis.
A. E. Welby, general superintendent of
the Rio Grande Western Railway, with
headquarters at .Salt Lake, Is in the clty
for a few days.' He is registered at the
Palace.
¦ ? ' V .
CAUIORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
H. R. Jackson, a manufacturer from
Rutherford, N. • J., and daughter are
spending a few days v at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Anderson of Ben
Lomond have taken apartments at \ the
California for a few days.
W. A. Ferguson and wife of Los An
geles have taken apartments at the Pal
ace for a few days.
. Dr. and Mrs. W. H. Jeffery and Miss
Hullard of Philadelphia are late arrivals
at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. Gn»nt of
Victoria are staying at the Palace for a
few days. ¦ . ', .,". '¦'¦-,,-
E. Dlnkelspiel, a Suisun attorney, Is at
the Grand.
Judge John F. Ellison of Bakersfleld is
at the Grand.
Dr. W. M. Haynes of Sherman, N. Y.,
is at the Grand. 1%:':.
E. E. an attorney at Fresno,
is at the Occidental.
F. R. Anson, a mining man of Salem,
Or., is at the Palace.
John A. Mclntire, a Sacramento mining
man, is at the Grand.
R..L. Rader, a Bakersfield oil man, is
registered at the Lick.
James McCudden and Miss McCudden of
Vallejo are at the Grand.
C. W. Collier, an importer from Japan,
is registered at the Palace.
Dr. E. G. Bennett and wife of Petaluma
are late arrivals at the Grand.
E. A. Tulian of the. United States Fish
Commission is registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
DYING DECLARATION-J. T., Calls
toga; Cal. A dying declaration Is a state
ment of a -material, fact concerning the
cause and circumstances of a homicide
made by the victim under the solemn be
lief of impending death. The declarations
of one who died are admitted In a trial
for murder only as ,to those t nines to
which the party who made the declaration
could have been competent jto testify to
if sworn as a witness In the cause. Thev
would refer to facts only and not t o mei-i
opinions or matter of opinions^ There i^
no decision in California " that says that
dying declarations, if presented In proper
form, shall not be used. In Instances our
ported declarations were not admitted be
cause they were not in proper form
A BET— TV K.. City. If a man bets that
a certain. candidate would be elected and
the official announcement of the result
showed that that candidate was defeated,
there being no special agreement as to the
declaring: of the result, the party who
bet on the defeated candidate would have
to pay. If on a recount it should turn
out that the defeated candi
date was really elected but had been
counted out. whether the money would be
returned would depend upon the honor of
the man who took the money. The part/
who paid the money in the first instance
could not recover at law, as betting on an
election is contrary to law and against
public policy.
UNASSESSED LAND-P. E. H.. Lone
Oak. Cal. If a man took up a piece of
land and five years ago received his pat
ent therefor, since which time the prop
erty has never been assessed for taxes.
It is an evidence that the Assessor of the
county has neglected his duty. If the
owner of the land is a good citizen he
should be willing to pay his share of the
taxes, and.he should make 'Inquiry as to
the reason for non-assesament.
COINS AND STAMPS-Constant Read
er. Point Arena, Cal. There are a number
of persons in San Francisco who purchase
old stamps and old coins, but this de
partment cannot advertise them. Corre
spondents to this department who desire
information the answer to which amounts
to the advertisement of an Individual or
firm in business should Inclose a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope for reply
by mail.
PUBLIC LANDS— Settler, Traver. Cal.
To ascertain what public lands will be
thrown open in the near future and where
the lands are located address a communi
cation to the General Land Office, Wash
ington, D. C.
MURDER OF FARLEY— C. H.. Blaine.
Wash. Suisser, the murderer of Sheriff
Farley of Monterey County. California,
was sentenced to be hanged February 16,
1000. but he took an appeal and the case
is still pending.
THE HANCOCK-Subscriber, City. The
steamer Hancock, ' whicH arrived at San
Francisco from the Philippines December
21. 1900, brought but eleven bodies of dead
soldiers.. It had been announced that she
would bring up two thousand.
THE SUBSIDY BILL— A. G. W.. Menlo
Park. Cal. Would suggest that If you de
sire to keep posted on the status of the
subsidy bill you watch the Washington
disptaches in The Call.
SOLUTIONS— Subscriber. City. As tho
letter of inquirr ddes not describe the pur
pose for which the solutions asked about
are to be used the Question asked cannot
be answered.
OMNITUDE— W. H. L., ValleJo.Cal. Tho
word omnltude means universitality. com
plete totality, said of the transcendental
Ideal or the idea of an object in which all
possible objects meet.
CONGRESS— A. G. W., Menlo Park. Cal.
The present Congress expires March 4,
1901.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
It is stated that the main objection of litigants to
jury trials is the frequency with which juries dis
agree, thus causing delay and increasing the cost of
suits. Furthermore, there is noted among the Eng
lish a growing confidence in their. Judges, and /an
increasing willingness to accept their decisions upon
matters of fact as well as of law. As trial without a
jury facilitates the dispatch of the business t of the
court and on the whole gives as much if not greater
satisfaction to litigants, the old system is falling into
disuse. The figures quoted show to what extent the
tendency has already gone, and are certainly interest
ing as an illustration of the change in English senti
ment toward a system which was once regarded, and
rightly so, as the surest guarantee of the rights and
the property of a citizen. .
The Westminster Gazette in discussing a review of
the subject in a recent issue of the London Law
Journal sums up the progress made in getting rid oi
jury trials by saying: "The proportion of actions to
be tried without juries in the Queen's Bench Division
during the present term is exceptionally large; the
jury cases number 295, and the non-jury cases 190.
Even more striking is the want of faith in trial b>
jury displayed by litigants in the county courts. The
total number of actions determined by these tribunals
in 1899 was 732,094, and o*nly 1018 were tried with
juries. The number of actions tried with juries in
1899 was, with the exception of 1897, the smallest for
sixteen years."
WHILE the American people have frequently
expressed discontent with the Grand Jury sys
tem and at times have started movements to
abolish it, there has hardly ever been any objection to
the system of trial juries. Even when, as has some
times happened, the verdict of, a jury has seemed to
be the result of ignorance, or worse, public con
demnation has been pronounced upon the members
of that particular jury rather than upon the system
itself. Consequently it will come to most Americans
as something of a surprise that in England, the home
of trial by jury, the system is becoming more. and
more unpopular, and :s to a\Considcrable extent dying
out.
JURY TRIALS IN ENGLAND.
These are the absolute facts. That the
young man Is the son of the Prince Im
perial there is little doubt. But it Is hard
to explain how he could be legally recog
nized, although he may inherit the im
mense fortune of his grandmother, who
despises Prince Victor, the Bonapartist
pretender.
Last year William Watkins was gradu
ated in letters and sciences. He visits
the Empress at Chiselhurst. She used to
pee him -in Paris twice a year on her way
to the Riviera. .:;•-"¦>
Herisson, a Bonapartist, took charge of
the child, William Watkins, who was
reared at Issy (outside of Paris) by the
Christian Brothers, and not at Saint Sul
pice. in Paris. Saint Sujplce Is a sem
inary for priests.
The Empress took charge of the child
on condition that the mother would go to
Australia. This was complied with, and
since then Charlotte has not been heard
of. She resided for some time in Sydney.
If she was married again to a man named
Moore there Is no available record of it.
The child was born in legal wedlock —
that is, when the legal husband of Char
lotte "VVatkins was yet alive.
Charlotte TVatkins suspected for the
first time that her lover was some one of
importance when she saw him shaking
hands with the Duke of York, but she
only discovered his true identity after his
death, when she saw his picture In the
magazines.
She was a teacher at a roller skating
rink in London, where she met the Prince,
who did not tell her who he was. Her
father was a forester. She used to call
upon the Prince at Woolwich, where he
was a cadet. v V» -"-*?¦
The Prince Imperial never married
Charlotte Watkins, for the simple reason
that she had a husband, who was then
dying of consumption at the Brompton
street Hospital.
According to Karl Melite, who made the
first thorough investigation and who has
since kept informed on the subject, the
whole story can be told in a few words:
The British correspondents are now de
voting a grind deal of space to the child
of the Prince Imperial, who was killed in
Zululand while serving in the regiment
commanded by Lord Kitchener, then a
colonel. The first intimation that the
Prince Imperial left a child was published
in the Cincinnati Enquirer five years ago,
under the heading, "Xapoleon V." The
article was in the shape of correspond
ence by Karl Melite from Paris. The
Galignani Messenger, an English paper
published in Paris, had already hinted
that it had on hand a few interesting let
ters sent by the Prince to a married
woman. JCo child was mentioned. These
letters were bought by Rouher, former
Prime Minister of Napo*leon III and ad
viser of ex-Empress Eugenie. Since then
little has been made public on the sub
ject, but the English correspondents have
succeeded in distorting the facts. -
RECOGNIZED HEIR OF NAPOLEON IV.
WHEN Dubois was. elected to the Senatorship
from Idaho the so-called Silver Republicans be
lieved they had obtained a representative in the
United States Senate, and a" similar faith was held by
the 'Populists when Patterson was elected from Colo
! rado. It appears, however, that in each case the be
lief is ill-founded and the faith but a fond delusion.
Dubois had played the silver game and Patterson the
Populist game only for the purpose of getting votes.
As soon as elected each straightway announced him
self a Democrat.
Of the exact language used by Dubois in declaring
himself a straight Democrat we have not noticed any
reports, but Patterson's language is thus quoted in
the Omaha Bee: "The principles of the Kansas City
platform are those, in the main, for which the Peo
ple's and Silver Republican' parties have contender.
I believe a fight for them can be most successfully
made within the Democratic ranks., Those who are
outside of them are cutside of the fortifications and
are but helpless lookers-on. I can see no present hope
for the triumph of the principles of the Kansas City
platform except through the Democratic party."
Such declarations put an end to the old fusion trick
which carried so many Populist and Republican votes
tc Bryan. The men who were deceived into voting
with the Democrats by the promise that they were
to have recognition can now perceive that they have
been given gold bricks. Patterson and Dubois had
but a thin veneering of Populism and silverism when
they solicited votes for the Senate, and now even that
is gone.
One other silverite of note who has virtually passed
over to the Bryanites is Towne of Minnesota. That
gentleman has had a singular political fortune. Nomi
nated for Vice President by the Populists, he with
drew in favor of the Democratic candidate, Steven
son. Nevertheless, in a manner,. he has reached the
Vice Presidenc}'. Appointed by tihe Governor of
Minnesota to fill the vacancy caused by the death of
Senator Davis, he had a seat in that body for a month,
and while there was by courtesy, of the Senate once
called to the chair and so acted for a time as Vice
President. He took his honor blithely and pertly.
and in reply to a humorous congratulation from Sen
ator Mason said: "I zm now satisfied.' One term as
a member of the House of Representatives, one
month as United States Senator, and one hour as act
ing Vice President."
Doubtless Dubois and Patterson are even better
satisfied than Towne; but how is it with the Populist-j
who trusted the one and with those sincere Repub
licans who in their zeal for silver supported the other?
POLITICAL GOLD BRICKS.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 30, 1001
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Aitrtta AH CcBcuiaUm to W. 8. LEAEE, Ktaagtr.
H»\Afil*K> OFFICE Trlepbonr Pr«» 2rt*
I'LULICATlOaf OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press 202.
De-llverr-e ••-• rirrlrm. IS r<>nt« Per TITeelc.
Mn;rl^ Copies. B Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Poatajrei
rAII.T CaWs rtncluaSnr Rcnday). en* T**r fl.U
CArLT CALL. ffiwIoeiTjjc Fund«y>. « months t.V,
X3AIX.T CALX, flnrtneinr Bandar). * month*.... 1.E9
7>a:lt CAtXr-By Eicgl* Mccth Be
tUXDAT CALL. On» Tear l.»
WEEKLT CALU On. Tear ; l.C»
All postmaster* nrr- «n»IiorUed to reccir*
¦nbarrtptlonn.
Etspl* ccp'.es Kill be forwarded Then requested.
llstl irr^*tr?t»Tv ?•» f^I^nj «"hanr» «>f nflflr*"* »hoiiia >•
partlcslar to tf»» both NEW AKT> OLD ADDRESS In orit
to iszurt a prctspt e=<J correct ccmpUanc* with their request.
OAJCLAAD OFFICE 1119 Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOGTESS.
K&tiftr Fcrtigs Mnrticiag. K&rqtetU Eufldl&g, CUe*p,
<Lorr Dlrtanc* T»£bcn» "Ceatral i«l».">
KTW TORK COKRESPOICDENT:
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
?CEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
4TEPHEX II. SUITli 3O Tribune IJoIldlnc
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldo<-f-Ar*or!a, Betel; A. Brentino, a Uaioa Bcaart:
Jtsrray Bin HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
tr.rrrr.tn Eci»: P. O. News Co.: Great North era Hot*!:
Fretncct House; Auditorium HcteL
WASHIVCTO* fl>. C> OFFICE 14OO C St.. It. W.
1XORTO.V H. CHAM". Correspondent.
BRAXCTC OFFICES— C27 Moctroaj»ry. corner it Clay. OP**
cctil »:S9 o'clock. «X» Hayes, open ratll t:S9 o'clock. 63J
McAllister, open cnt'I t:» o'clock. OJ Ixtrkln. op«a until
• :» o'clock. VM Mlsrlon. cpra cctll 10 o'clock. »«1 Market.
rcrcer Sixteenth. cp«n until t o'clock. 1CM Valencia, epea
cetll I o'clock. 10« Eleventh, cpen until J o'clock. J»W. oor
c«r Tw«-.ty-«*con<l and Kentucky^ epen until t o'clock.
This association represents exclusively the cattle
industry and will watch and tend that interest with a
view to its permanency and to the economizing of the
production of beef. The cattle interest desires the
present forest reserves to remain intact, and that others
be made in order that the water sources may be pro
tected. It desires the application of irrigation in the
arid region wherever waste water may be stored for
that purpose, and its policy is to promote the settle
ment of the West and a peaceful union of all the forces
that make for the upbuilding of the country'- It is a
matter of pride in this State that this powerful na
tional organization sprang from the loins of the
Pacific Stockmen's Association, which was formed :n
this city, and among the coming great conventions
which may meet here will probably be the annual
gathering of these herdsmen of the plains and moun
tains.
This may be a' hard world, but among its expe
riences is the conclusion that hard words butter no
parsnips, and the whole livestock interest probably
owes its defeat on the Grout bill to the overdona
swagger of the gentle shepherds.
The consumers of animal products of all kinds will
be glad to turn with confidence to the American
Cattle-growers' Association, which, admonished by
the aggressions of the sheep and wool interest, the
cattle men formed at Salt Lake, and which will hold
its first convention at Denver in March.
Since the manufacture of this butter substitute
reached great proportions the value of the oleo oils
in each steer, sheep and hog is added to the market
value, of the meat and by-products of those animals.
It is said to add $2.50 to the price of every steer. This
has aided in disposing of the glut of beef suet and
tallow. '¦
The contention over the bill has been bitter be
tween the dairy and livestock interests, and has been
participated in to a degree by the consumers, respec
tively, of butter and oleomargarine. The favorable re
port on the bill by the Senate conimittee was probably
precipitated by the exceeding aggressiveness of the
sheep interests in the recent National Livestock Con
vention at Salt Lake City. The convention resolved
against the Grout bill, but the sheep interest avenged
itself upon the Secretary of Agriculture for his
declaration in favor of leasing the arid ranges by a
.esolution attacking him immoderately. This, to
gether with the sheep men's opposition to forest re
serves, their demand that such districts as the Black
Mesa in Arizona be omitted from such reserves, and
that the reservations already made be opened to sheep,
produced a reaction at Washington that wise men
should have expected.
margarine, it more nearly resembles butter to the eye
than if uncolored. The Grout bill is directed against
this coloring and puts a tax of ten cents a pound on
all colored oleomargarine. This is held to be a pro
hibitive tax and to be a misuse of the taxing power.
It seems, however, that the manufacturers color it
with the same substances that arc used in coloring
dairy butter, so that, although it is stamped as oleo-
THE bill to regulate the sale of oleomargarine,
known as the Grout bill, which has passed the
House, is favorably reported by the Senate
committee. The present law requires oleomargarine
to be stamped and sold as such, under the supervision
cf the Internal Revenue Department. This substitute
for butter, which is made of the oleo oils in the fat
of cattle, sheep and swine, is not inedible, since the
fats of which it is composed are all edible and an;
used as a food component in their original state. If
people desire to buy and eat it as a cheap and not un
wholesome substitute for butter, there should be no
objection to their doing. so, provided it is sold for
what it is, as the law requires.
THE GROUT BILL.
The learned Frenchman hopes to check
the alarming progress of the United
States in industry, an.j enterprise by a
"combine" of continental powers through
agreement upon long-term commercial
treaties, subject to revision from time tt>
time by a permanent European customs
commission. The mere fact that a man of
such note as M. Lerov-Beaulleu should
seriously advocate such a complicated
concerted scheme among powers, who find
it much easier to disagree than to^agrea
upon anv line of policy, bears evidence
that Yankeephobia prevails to a large ex
tent on the continent, even In this his
toric season of "peaco and goodwill."—.
Boston Globe.
This country is en the point of becoming by
far the most Important economic factor la the
world. It may henceforth be regarded as the
first Industrial nation, and Its superiority wl'.l
become more strikingly evident year by year
Moreover, it will very soon have a considerable
mercantile marine.
Some of the newspapers are saying that
by the elevation of Albert Edward to the
throne his son George, Duke of York,
now becomes th© Prince of Wales, but
this is not so. The only hereditary title
that passes to the Duke of York at thl3
time Is that of Duke of Cornwall. He
will not be Prince of Wales until that
title is conferred upon him by a new
creation. When Edward I conquered
Wales he conferred the title of that prin
cipality- upon his eldest son, who after
ward became Edward II. Edward III
granted the title to his eldest son. Edward
the Black Prince, and the grant was. a? it
has ever since been, "to him and his
heirs, the kings of England." Th© title
does not descend. Hence when a Prince
of Wales and Duke of Cornwall succeeds
to the throne the principality of Wales
merges at once in the crown, and can
have n<5t separate existence until a fresh
creation is made, but the dukedom de
scends to his son. Undoubtedly the new
King of England will confer the title of
Prince of Wales upon hl3 son. but until ha
does so there will be no Prince of Wales
— Chicago Journal.
Yankeephobia in Europe.
A noted French economist, il Lewrr-
Beaulleu. is out with an article In a Vi
enna newspaper advocating the formation
of an economical federation among tho
powers of continental Europe. The great
advance of this reDublic has fai-tv
startled the masters Of statecraft in more
than one "old country." Referring to the
United States. M. Leroy-Beaulleu makes
this frank statement in an article In the
Tapeblatt that la certain to arouas no ilt
tle discussion^'
One of the remarkable phases of tha
conditions in this present day and genera
tion is the extraordinary effect certain ac
tions which seem insignificant have upon
public opinion. The Emperor of Germany
has never been over popular In Great
Britain. But in the day of sorrow and
mourning he hastened to the bedside to
which all attention was directed, and he
shared In the grief of the nation. Th©
rivalry in trade of . the Germans and the
British will be as keen as ever, but a new
bond has been created between these peo
ples and that bedside seen© will not soon
be forgotten.— Victoria (B, C.) Times.
The Prince of Wales.
England has not had an Edward on tha
throne for about thr»:a centuries and a
half. The last Edwarl— Edward VT— wa»
the son of Henry VIII by his third wifs.
Jane Seymour. Edward VI was ten year*
old when he ascended the throne in 1547.
under the regency of his uncle, the Du&o
of Somerset. Before long the. Duka cf
Somerset was displaced by the schemeful
Duke of Northumberland, who. when Ed
ward was dying, in Lw3, la the sixth year
of a comparatively uneventful reicn, got
the poor lad to assign the crown to Lady
Jane Grey, to the exclusion of Mary and
Elizabeth.— Boston Journal.: A
The Kaiser ilada Friends.
Tho vital record of th© past two weeks
shows an Increase of deaths throughout
the country as compared with those of
the corresponding period last year. The
Increased mortality Is due to pneumonia
and grip. Weather conditions are re
sponsible for these diseases, which can
only be avoided by th© exercise of the
greatest care. Variable weather leads to
carelessness and exposure, and where th«
health is not rugged, to liability to dls»
ease — Arkansas Gazette.
Royal Edwards.
The efficacy of the American climate as
a sterilizer of the anarchistic- perm la in
stanced la the case of Ellas, Masuraa. a
Greek, who came to this country under
contract and promise to slay a prominent
public man. but who found life so pleas
ant and prosperity so prevalent that. In
stead of killing anybody, he went to
Yenkers and opened a peanut stand.—
Philadelphia Times.
'Scotch Logic.
Scotland. It appears, objects to the- ca
merleal part of the title taken by the new
British Kinir. The Scots cite the hlstort
fal fact that Edward VI was not King of
Scotland and that the son of the loved
Victoria Is th© first King Edward of th©
United Kingdom. The point seems well
taken. If not practically Important, and
Scotch logic la vindicated once more.
though, as on some other occasions, prob
ably Ineffective. — Cleveland Leader.
Havisb.es of the Grip.
The retirement of Lord Salisbury from
public life is an event that may be ex
pected to follow very closely uoon tbo
death of the Queen. He Is an old man
and weary, and was -with dlfScultv per
suaded from realsrninsr after tha recent
general election. The pessimistic tone cf
his latest public speeches indicates his de
sire to transfer the cares of government
to younger shoulders. — Chicago Journal.
Anarchistic G«na-Killer.
Lord Salisbury's Career.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Such is Salisbury's latest bid . for ' popularity.
Should he retain power he may start the new reign
with a programme of domestic reforms and improve
ments that will go far toward inducing the people to
forget the blunders and fiascos that have marked the
v.ar in South Africa. It is a bold bid, but under the
circumstances seems to be characterized by discretion
as well as by valor.
and trouble and keeping watch that England is not
fouled' by recklessness or laziness."
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, lyoi.
CHALLENGING FATE.
6
AUCTION SALES.
By Sulllvaa & Doyle— Thursday. January 31. at 11 o'clock,
P*!a.ce Livery Stable, at 112 N>w Montgomery street.
ADVEBTISEBC2NT&
The season Is now on at full r tide. American
and Eur6pean plans. "¦. Best of everythinff, in-
cluding "the character of entertainment. Apply
4 New Montgomery st.-, city. -for special tlcket."
At Hotel I>sl ' Coronado
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil for very old and very young
— in different ways — is the food
'to secure this e\»:n health.
Well send you a little to try, if you like.
SCOTT & BOW2CE. 4Pa Pearl street. Near Yoxii.
There is no end, but death,
to the trouble that comes of its
loss. It ou^ht to be watched
To the old, as to babies, the
even balance of health is more
important than anything else
in the world. The possible
health, in age, is not high and
strong; it is only even.
FOR OLD AGE
It has been estimated that from 90.000 to
:0O.0W deer feed In the forests of Scotland
and that **>> stairs are killed annually
Beautiful hair Is always pleasing, and Par-
ker's Hair Balsam excels In producing It.
f Hlndercorr»..the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Ne-w Santa Fe Train.
Tha new Santa Fe train known as tha Cali-
fornia Limited affords servlc* very much supe-
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
jrarelers. •
Gifts to educational instltuJocs,
churches, libraries, art museums and
charities in th© United States the past
year reached the total of *#>.264,0C3O.
Special information supplied daDy to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery St. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace f mlts, 50c a
pound, In flre-etched boxes or Jap! bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Pala^a Hotel bulldlns •
Best eyejrlasses, specs. 15c to 40c. Look
out for SI 4th, front of barber and gTocery.»
Choice candles. Townaend'g, Palace Hotel.*
California— "Becky Sharp."
Oryheum— Vaudeville.
Gran/i Or>era-fcw8t— "Arrah-na-Porue."
Alf.atr.bra — "frhoctlng the Chutes."
Alcazar— "AM the Comfort* of Home."
Colurrb'a— "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
Tlvoll— "The Fencing Master."
Central Thf-ater— "A Celebrated Case."
©lyrrjjia. corner Mason and E<3<ly streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo &r,d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aad
«vesir;.
F ischpr's— Vaudeville.
il»-tropo:!tan "Ten:ple — Lecture by B«v. Peter C. Torke,
Thursday evenintr. February 7.
Tar.fcran Park— Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are riven In tha left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
cf the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights give/
are In addition to the soundings on the Unite*
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and thfcu
the number given is subtracted from tho depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
la the mean of the lower low waters.
THB herring fleet made a great
6howlng on the Marin shores yes
terday. One of the prettiest sights
ever seen on the. bay was the five
score of lateen rigged boats dart-
Ing from point to point and loading up
with the small fish. The run this year ?3
early and an unusually heavy one. As a
general rule the flsh havo come up past
Melggs wharf and thousands of people
used to watch the catch from the seawall.
This year the herriAg has taken to the
other plde of the bay, and the fishermen
are now making their headquarters at
Sausallto and Tlburon. The canneries are
getting ready and for weeks to come there
will be a fixing up of herrings plain, her
rings and tomato sauce, sardines, deviled
herrings and kippered herrings that will
restock the markets. Not a boat comes
back from the fishing ground but that is
loaded to the gunwales with the dainty
fish and Inconsequence all the men are
making money and Telegraph Hill is jubi
lant.
WHASF NEABXY DESTROYED.
Lombard-Street Pier Has Narrow Es-
cape From Fire.
A few weeks ago the steamer Hero ar
rived from Hakodate with a cargo of sul
phur. She was docked at Lombard street
and there discharged. Later she went to
Harrison-street wharf, whore she Is now
loading for Europe. Since her removal
the sulphur has been removed by degrees
until yesterday there was nothing left but
a thick coating of the dust and a quantity
cf matting. During the afternoon some
body threw a match on the wharf and
then there was a blaze. The. flames
spread rapidly and !n a few minutes the
whole flooring was aiire. The fire
tugr was notified and Inside of fifteen min
utes Superintendent Brown was on th*
scene with the Governor Irwln. Sulphur
cannot be drowned out. so every fire pump
on the tug was put to work and the wharf
was washed clean from end to end.
The sulphur burnt itself out on the bay
and now Lombard-street pier Is the clean
est structure on the front.
• ¦ .
The Whitehall Mystery.
""Who stole Dan O'Connell's boat last
Saturday night?," is the Question bother
ins the boatmen at Melees wharf Just
now. Dan had been hard at work all day
and tied his Whitehall up under the wharf
near the foot of Powell street last Satur
day night. In the morning the boat Was
gone and no trace of her could be found
until The Call told the story of a white
hall found by the fern* steamer Tlburon
off the end of Alcatraz.
The police seem to think that some
drunken sailor, who had been in a row on
the Barbary Coast, stole the boat an.i
after pettlnj? aboard his ship left his
bloody clothes In her, coiled ine painter,
shipped the oars and then set the- boat
adrift. _ :: S v. ;'%:
Water Front Notes.
The gasoline, schooner Barbara Hernstcr
arrived in tow of the steam schooner
Navarro last night. The former Is water
logged, and the best tpeed the Navarro
could make with her was about five knots
an hour.
The steamer Mexico arrived from En
senada yesterday. Her owners may run
her on another trip and then again shj
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, FaKerlund, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
* Mex stmr Mexico, Von Helms, 9 days from
Gua;-mas. ..
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. 3H days from
Chemalnus.
Schr Herman. Hutman, 19 days from Altata.
Schr Conflanza, Christiansen, 6 days from
Corjullle River.
Sehr CoQUille. Andersen, 7 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Kalph J Long-, Islgekelt, 7 days from
Sluslaw River.
CLEARED. -
Tuesday, January 29.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Panama; Panama R R
& S S Line.
Br Ftmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemalnus; R
Dunemulr's Sons Co.
Br ship Port Stanley. "Williams, Queenstown;
Epplneer & Co.
Bktn Planter, Chase, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond&Co. . ,
¦Tuesday, January 29.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brtdgett, Ventura.
Btmr Sequoia, Martin. Fort Bragg.
Stmr St Paul, Hays. Panama,
6tmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Crux;
Stmr Scotia. Walvi*. .
Stmr.W H-Kruser. Kr^sr. .
Schr Newark. Beck, .
Schr Ootama, Seme en, Coos Bay.
Schr Jo« Russ, Anderson. Sallna Crua.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlsr, Eureka.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umrqua.
Schr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. Eureka.
SPOKEN.
Jan 17 oft Honolulu, r*>r Br Btmr Aorangl—
Ship A J Fuller, from Kahulul. for Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦ POINT LOBOS, Jan 29, 10 p m— "Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 29— Br stmr Caithness,
for . t '
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Arcata,
hence Jan 23. ' ' >
Sailed Jan 29-Schr Monterey, for San Fran
cisco: sthr Abble, for San Francisco.
i^jaUed Jan 29— Schr Free Trade, for San
T^ORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Jan 29— Stmr
Senator, from Alaska. ' ' ",
Arrived Jan 29-Bark Vldette. from Sallna
Tuesday, January 29.
Information has been received that^PInole
Point shoal buoy, a first-class nun. * painted
black and white perpendicular etripes, mark
ing the best water over Pinole Point shoal.
San Pablo Bay, California, has been dragged
out of position. It has been recommended that
this buoy be discontinued.
This notice affects the list of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1901, page 25.
By order of the lighthouse board.
U. SEBUEE, Commander, U. 8. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence,
ARRIVED.
Notice to Mariners.
SAX PABLO BAT— CALIFORNIA.
The schooner Joseph Russ sailed yesterday
for Salinas Cruz with the following cargo,
valued et $7123:
2S0 cs 1000 kegs powder, 250 cs dynamite, 9870
railroad ties, 120 bdls shingles.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The British ship Port Stanley cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 78,897 ctls
wheat, valued at $79,000, and 20,000 feet lumber
as dunnare, valued at $300.
The British ship Crown of Scotland cleared
Monday for Queenstown for orders with 53.879
ctls wheat, valued at $54,550, and 15,000 feet
lumber as dunnare, valued at $225.
Shipments of Wheat.
The steamer St. Paul sailed yesterday for
Panama with the following cargo to be trans
shipped to New York and Hamburg:
For Xew York— 12 cs herbs, 35 risks quicksil
ver, 10 bales dry hides, 81 bales scrap leather,
1157 lbs beans. 0471 ctls barley, £5 bales old rub
ber. 2S cs horns, 166 bbls 1 sk seashells, 521 bbls
asphaltum, 33 cs uniforms, S5 bxs horseshoe
nails, 25 bales hose, 165,314 gals wine, 84 bales
wool. 2367 pigs lead, £0 bales rags. Value,
$?7,998.
For Hamburg — 11 cs hides, 21 sks seashells.
Value, $1020.
Departure of the St. Paul.
The Andromeda loads wheat at Tacorr.e. ior
Europe, 40s (Is 3d less direct), prior to arrival;
the County of Dumfries, wheat at Portland for
Europe. 41s 3d, prior to arrival; the George C.
Perkins, lumber at Tacoma for Tahiti; the
Matterhorn, wheat at this port for Valparaiso,
3Is 6d; the Mary Dodge, lumber at Everett for
Kahulul; the Sllberhorn, wheat at this port for
Eurcpe, 3Ss 9d.
Matters of Interest; to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
may be laid up In Oakland Creek. For
the time being:, however. It looka as If ths
opposition line to Mexico was a thing of
the iiast. ,
The Panama Railroad Company's St.
Paul sailed for Central American ports
yesterday. She carried but six passen
gers, one of whom was Miss Hays, daugh
ter of the captain of the steamer. All tho
freight offering could not be carried on
the St. Paul and the Argyle will at onco
be placed on the berth.
TO SAIL.
¦ Xo extra chart* Is made for rtdlnjc aa tha
California. Limited of the Santa Fa, although
the superiority of the leTVlee is really worth
something more. *
California Limited.
The annual election of directors of the
Merchants' Club took place yesterday and
resulted In the choice of the following
named: E. "W*. Newhall. H. D. Lovelace),
William L. Gerstl*. G. L. Belcher, F. S.
Stratton, T. P. Smith and E. E. Kahn.
To-day tho directors -will meet and elect
officers for the term.
Merchants' Club Election.
Cruz: Br ship Tamar. from Callao; Br ship
Andromeda, from Shanghai.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 27. ,
Sailed Jan 2S— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco. . •
Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Alliance, from Port
land; stmr Pomona, hence Jan 28: stmr News
boy, hence Jan 27.
Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Brunswick, for San
Francisco: schr Jennie 'Wand, for Hllo.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 29— Oer stmr Milos. fy
Yokohama; schr W F Jewett. for San, Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Jan 2»— Stmr Newbur*.
for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gray, for Eu
reka.
Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Aberdeen, from Ven
tura.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 2S— Schr Noke
miB. from Taco.ma.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr
San Mateo, i from Nanalmo.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 29— Stmr National City, hence
Jan 28.
. SEATTLI>-Sailed Jan 28— Schr C 8 Holmes,
for San Pedro.
Arrived Jr»n 29 — Stmr Senator, from Alaska.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 29— Stmr South
Portland, hence Jan 24. for Roche Harbor;
stmr Mackinaw, hence Jan 23, for Seattle. ,
Passed in Jan 29— Ship Mary L Cushlns, from
Hongkong;, for Pugrct Sound.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS,
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 25-Br •tmr Bel
gian Kin;, hence Dec 16; Br atmr. Monmouth
shire, from Oregon. I
MANILA— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Pennsylvania,
for Nagasaki.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan 25— Br ship Khyber,
for Ore-on. . n
SYDNEY— In port Jan 1— Ship Abner Co
burn, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— In port Jan 1— Br ship Har
lech Castle, for San Francisco.
CALCUTTA— Sailed Jan 19— Br ship The
Hlghflelds, for .
VALPARAISO— In port Nov IS— Br ship Car
radale, for Oregon.
HIOGO— In port Jan 10— Br ship County of
Llnlithgrow, for Oregon. Jan 19— Ger bark
Willy Rickmer*. for Oreeon.
MOLL.ENDO— In port Jan 4— Br bark Haw
thornbank, for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA — In port Jan 19— Ger bark
Niobf. for Oregon.
SAL.IXA CRUZ— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Mas
£ie C Rubs, from Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS. "'\
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Mesaba.
from London. J -
I Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Lahn, for Bremen; stmr
Bovlc, for Liverpool.
Arrived Jan 23-Stmr Amsterdam, from Rot
terdam and Boulogne.
¦ ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Jan 29— Stmr
Pennsylvania, from Hamburg: and. Boulogne,
for Plymouth and New York.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived Jan 59— Stmr Tunli
lan, from Portland. Me.
8HIMONOSEKI— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Ekarps
no, from Hongkong-, for Portland. Or.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Pin«
Suey, for Seattle.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharO about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
SCENE ON MARE* SHORE, WHERE MORE THAN FIVE SCORE FISHING BOATS ARE AT WORK NIGHT AND
DAY CATCHING THE MILLIONS OF HERRING THAT ARE NOW COMING IN FROM THE OCEAN. THE
RUN IS EARLY THIS YEAR.
209. The grave of ¦what revolutionary
general could not be found when Congress
wished to put a monument over it?
210. What American woman devoted
herself to the care of the sick and wound
ed during 'the siege of Rome?
211. Who was George Washington's suc
cessor as commander in chief of the Unit
ed States army?
212. What American has been President.
Vice President. Minister to England, Gov
ernor and member of the Senate?
213. What American was President of
the Royal Academy cf England?
214. Which signer of the Declaration of
Independence wrote **Hall Columbia.*"?
215. What author left a work In cipher,
not intended for publication, that has
since become a classic?
216. What American general was called
by his soldiers "Four- Eyed Gecrsre"?
217. Who first made the motion in th«
American Congress declaring the' colonies
free and independent?
218. What early English dramatist k!Ue 1
a fellow-actor In a duel?
219. What classic writer on his death
bed ordered the burning of his writlnar.i
which have been textbooks nearly iWO
years? * --
220. What American colonel when asked
how long he could hold his position re
plied: "Until my regiment is mustered
out"?
221. What revolutionary general was
expelled from membership In the second
Answers.
193.*AdolDhe Thlers. 194. Otto von Bfs
marck. 195. Joseph Bonaparte. 196. "Th«
Abbot.'*- 197. Constance Fenlmore Cooper.
198. Louis Phlllnpe. 199. Plato. 200. Heidel
berg* Castle. 201. Lelpsle. 202. Ignatius
Loyola. 203. Mary Queen of Scotta. 201.
Laurence OHphant. 205. Dean Swift. 208.
•>.mes I of England. 207. Peregrine Whit*
20S. Queen Henrietta Maria. 209. General
Nathaniel Greene. 210. Margaret Fuller.
211. Alexander Hamilton. 212. Van Buren.
213. Benjamin West. 214. Joseph Hopkin
son. 215. Samuel Pepys (!n his Diary). 2bX
General Meade. 217. Hichard Renry Le<».
2lS. Ben Jonsnn. 219. Virgil. 220. Funston.
221. Anthony Wayne. •
HOME STUDY CIBCIiE QTJEBIES.
Not an altogether vain hope so far as
the State courts can aid in turning the
tide, but vain indeed with respect to the
United States Supreme Court itself.
For ere long it reversed Itself, attacking 1
its own rule. Thin was done In the case of
Baugh against the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad. A fireman was injured through
the negligence of the engineer, both of
whom were managing an engine attached
to a freight train. A rule of the company
provided that "whenever a train or engine
is run without a conductor the engineman
thereof will also be regarded as conductor
and will act accordingly." So the question
under the operation of this rule was pre
cisely like the question in Ross' case. Yet
the court decided that both were fellow
servants and consequently the company
was not liable. The reasons for this re
versal, which were stated by Justice
Brewer, may be given. "Prlma facie." he ¦
! begins — In other words, unless there i«
some proof to the contrary— "all who en
ter into the employ of a single master are
engaged in a common service and are fel
low-servants, and some other line c* de
marcation than that of control must exist
to destroy the relation of fellow-servants.
All enter the service of the same master
to further his interests In the one enter
prise; each knows when entering into that
service that there is some risk of injury
through the negligence of other employes,
and that risk, which he knows exists he
assumed in entering into the employ
ment." ¦ ,
Mr. Justice Field was still a member of
the court and dissented most vigorously
from the majority, supported by the Chief
Justice. Last year the finish was made of
the Ross case. Mr. Justice Shiras wrote
the opinion of the court and reviewed at
great length the decisions rendered by the
State courts, showing clearly enough that
the rule in many of them was In haromny
with the new rule established by the Fed
eral court. Thus the attempt made by
the Supreme Court in the Ross case to
convert a railway conductor into a ser
vant or agent of his employer has entire
ly failed, and he still ranks as a fellow
employe along with the brakemen and
other trainmen. Furthermore, It will bo
seen from the extract quoted from Mr.
Justice Brewer's opinion that all the ser
vants of a company generally are to bo
regarded as fellow-servants and thus the
doctrine announced in the case of Priest
ly and Farwell. described in the first of
this series of papers, has at last been
stretched to Include almost all servants
working under a common employer and
relieving a company or employer from all
liability to respond for their negligence,
on the ground that the employes, whether
few or many, assumed the risk. Pos
sibly the Supreme Court might hold, in
the case of a railroad company, that the
president, vice president and superintend
ent and a few other officers are Its agents
and not fellow-servants of the thousands
working under their immediate or remote
direction; but who are Its agents and who
are not? The last case, that of Conroy.
leaves all In thedark. It smites down every
rule that the courts have tried to draw
between agents and non-agents employed
by a company; it shows that they are all
based on a sandy foundation and ought
not to stand. What. then. Is left of this
doctrine of fellow-service? We cannot
see anything in <he way of a Federal rule.
It is true that a few of the leading of
ficers may still be regarded as agents,
for whose acts their company may be
liable, but the court does not take the
trouble to define them. Perhaps it was
not worth while, for they are so few and
so remote from the work of most of the
employes that no occasion la likely to
arise in which they would incur any negli
gence whereby others would suffer.
It is quite in harmony with the whit
tling away and overthrowing of this dis
tinction,,and the sweeping of almost every
employe within the same common class,
as fellow-servants, to diminish the liabil
ity of employers for the competency of
their employes and the fitness of the ap
pliances they use. We have seen that
while they were responsible for these in
the beginning Massachusetts had led off
in declaring that an employer is not re
sponsible for the neglige -e of an agent
in not keeping them in re* .lr. One would
suppose that if It was responsible for the
fitness or suitability of an appliance In tho
beginning it logically ought to be held re
sponsible for keeping it In repair. Not
so. says the Supreme Court of Massachu
setts; we will apply a different rule. The
men who repair are fellow-agents with
those who use the appliances, and there
fore their common master is not responsi
ble for the consequence. It Is true that
the courts In most of the States repudiate
this doctrine and hold with strong reason
and sound logic that if an employer must
furnish safe and suitable appliances in
the beginning he must also keep them in
repair. It is true ho can furnish those
which are not safe and suitable If those
who use them know their true character
and the defects are so obvious that they
ought to have known them; but it should
not be forgotten that whenever the mas
ter dees this he is regarded as negligent
with respect to other servants who may
be injured by them, unless they also have
knowledge concerning them. With re
spect to these, therefore, the master'9 lia
bility continues In the same way and to
the same extent aa though their defective
character was unknown by any one save
himself. ALBERT S. BOLLES.
Haverford College.
Note — This is the concluding paper of
this course. There will be no examina
tion.
co-laborers, but the Supreme Court of the
United States begins to turn the tide."
The Supreme Court Reverses Itself.
pany."
Another Federal Case.
The rulo in the Ross case was after
ward applied by one of the Judges who
took part in its decision, Justice Miller,
while sitting as a Circuit Court Judge. A
common hand, engaged in distributing
iron rails . alonj? ¦ the Bide of a railroad
track, was Injured through the negligence
of the engineer who was managing the
switching engine used In transferring cars
from one place to another. After deciding
that the common hand and the engineer
were not fellow-servants he added that
this was "the necessary result of the
latest decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States on the same subject "
meaning the Ross case.
California.
Lastly may be mentioned the approval
of this case by the Supreme Court of Cal
ifornia, which regards the opinion of Jus
tice Field as "learned and admirable "
The court also adds: "Courts have gone
bo ' far as to relieve from responsibility
corporations acting through 1 general
agents within the scope of their author
ity, classing; the foremen, managers and
suserintendenti with those under them am
XVX— What does the United States
Supreme Court SayP
A few years ago the United States Su
preme Court was required to answer this
question: An engineer named Ross. In
the employ of the Chicago. Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railroad, was Injured through
the negligence of the conductor of his
train. It collided with another, and he
had neglected to give the engineer an
order for the running of his train, as the
rules of the company require. The en
gineer sued the company, and It sought to
shield itself behind the rule that the en
gineer and conductor were fellow-ser
vants. What answer did the court make?
The opinion was given by Justice Field.
He began by inquiring, "What Is essential
to render the service In which different
persons are engaged a common employ
ment?" He remarked that the question
had caused great conflict of opinion, and
then' described how far the English courts
had gone in sweeping men employed by
the same person Into the same class as
fellow-servants. One of these cases, which
perhaps had gone further than any other
In this country, was Holden vs\ Fitchburg
Railroad, decided by the Supreme Court
of Massachusetts, in w'hich the court held
that an employe could not maintain an
action against his employer for an Injury
caused by the fault or negligence of an
other employe, eveii^ though the two were
not working in company nor had any op
portunity to control or influence the con
duct of each other. Indeed, the rule tha.t
they were fellow-servants extended "to
every case in which the two, deriving
their authority and their compensation
from the same source, are engaged In the
same business, though in different depart
ments of duty." Accordingly It was held
that In that case that a corporation was
not liable to abrakeman on one of its trains
for injuries suffered from the negligent
setting up and use of a derrick by work
men employed In widening the railroad,
on the old ground, forsodth, that he was
a fellow-servant with those employed
about the derrick. That case marks the
extreme verge of the law, and no other
In this country, except the Farwell case,
the oldest dealing with the subject, was
cited to sustain such an advanced posi
tion.
After this Introduction Justice Field
took up the immediate question. He re
marked that there was a clear distinction
between servants of a corporation that
exercised no supervision over others en
gaged with them In the same employment
and its agents who were clothed with the
control of a distinct department. "A con
ductor having the entire control and man
agement of a railway train occupies a
very different position from the brake
men, the porters and other subordinates
employed. He is, in fact, and should be.
treated as the personal representative of
the corporation, for whose negligence It is
responsible to subordinate servants."
Justice Field then reviewed several
cases in which thl3 opinion had been de
clared by the State courts, dwelling at
length on the Keary case, decided by the
Supreme Court of Ohio, -which was noticed
in a previous article. Four judges dissent
ed, however, so that the rule was adopted
by a bare majority of the court. As soon
as it was announced friends and critics
quickly rose to the surface. It was clear
ly contrary to the prevailing view in
many States, yet the rule was. deemed
most Just and wise by those who under
stood it3 far-reaching Importance.
North Carolina State Court's Action.
The State courts had not long to wait
f or" an opportunity to use the Ross de
cision as an authority in support of their
rulings, or to frown upon it. In almost
every case the opinion was regarded with
favor. The Supreme » Court of North
Carolina was one of the first to give ut
terance. The occasion was the review of
the case of Mason against the Danvillo
Railroad. The court boldly said that the
Ross case contained "the clearest anl
most philosophical discussion of the sub
ject," who are servants engaged ln> a
common employment, "to be found in any
authority to which we have had access."
This view of a conductor's relation to his
employer "seems to us a reasonable and
Just one, and it will insure care in the se
lection of such agents, and thus giva
greater security to the servants engaged
under him In an employment requiring the
utmost vigilance "on their part and prompt
and unhesitating obedience to his orders."
Louisiana. '<?vt'
In Louisiana the Supreme Court, after
regarding the decision with favor, de
presslngly remarked that "in matters of
this kind where one enters upon the study
of the inflnlteTfumber of decisions which
had been rendered by a multitude of
courts, he encounters a maze of contra
dictory decisions and an infinite variety
of qualifications which stupefy the mind
and render it impossible to reach a con
clusion consistent with them all." "No
doubt," added the court. "thl9 principle
might receive extension to other relations
between officers having the right to com
mand and subordinates subject to such
command."
South. "Carolina and Colorado.
In South Carolina the Supreme Court
strongly opposed the rule in Rosi* case,
the court remarking: "It seems to us
clear that unless tha conductor of a rail
road train is, while in charge of the train,
the representative of the company, then
the train is being run without any repre
sentative. He has entire charge of the
train and every • employe on it is subject
to his orders." ,
The Ross decision was also opposed by
the Supreme Court of Colorado. The case
calling for an application of the rule re
lated to a superintendent or foreman en
gaged in extending a railroad, who had
negligently injured one of the men em
ployed under him. The foreman hai
changed the tools and cars U3ed in doing
the work and .employed and discharged
the men. The court remarked that in no
proper sense of th« term was he a fellow
servant with the injured employe. "TTn
company had placed him in charge of th*>
•work, with full direction to control anil
supervise it, and he must be treated in'
reference to this work as its representa
tive—as vice principal. The company Is
answerable to all the under-servants for
the negligence of such a representative
•while acting within the scope of his em
ployment."
Virginia.
In Virginia this question has arisen sev
eral times since the decision in the Ross
case, and the rule has been approved. In
ohe of them while a train was still the
conductor required a brakeman to get on
a freight car and let off the brake. As he
¦was getting on top the conductor signaled
the engineer to back up: he obeyed, the
cars came together and the brakeman was
crushed. The company was held liable,
because the conductor was regarded as its
agent, and not the fellow-servant of the
brakeman. "The negligence of the con
ductor was the negligence of the com-
BY ALBERT S. BOLLES. LI* D.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
Law Lessons Defining Fellow Servants
in Relations Between Employer
and Employe.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
FISHERMEN ARE MAKING MONEY
DURING RUN OF HERRING TRIBE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., -WEDNESDAY, JANUARY. 30, 1901.
7
"WEDNESDAY, January 30.
Sun rises ..7:16
Sun sets .'. : 5:30
Moon sets....... ' 3:49 a. m.
Cj Time Time Time Time
»_ Ft. Ft- Ft. Ft.
» L W . H AV L W H W
SO... 1:10 2.9 7:31 6.1 2:45—0.4 9:43 4.5
81 ... 2:11 3.9 8:31 6.2 3:S7 —0.6 10:37 4.7
1 ... 8:10 2.8 9:25 6.1 4:20-0.7 11:20 5.0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 5:00—0.6 11:53 5.1
3 ... 4:48 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:36—0.4
H W L, W H W " L. W
4 ... 0:84 5.2 5:84 2.2 11:50 5.7 6:17—0.1
5 ... 1:09 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3 6:45 0.3
Bteamer. I
Alliance
Argo.
Mandalay
Robert Dollar...
Columbia
Corona..
Newburg:
Arcata..
Crescent City..
City of Sydney..
fcanta Rosa
l'oint Arena
Pomona .'..".
Umatllla.
Guatemala..*...
North Fork
Carlisle City....
Rainier
Czarina.........
Boric
Australia..
Willamette
South Portland
Eureka.
Hyades;
Fulton..
Donita
Queen..
O. W. Elder./..
Mackinaw
Mattewan
From. - Cue.
Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 30
Coflullle River Jan. 30
Coqullle River Jan.* 30
Seattle Jan. 30
Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 30
Newport Jsm. 30
Ventura Jan. 30
Coos Bay Jan. 31
Crescent City Jan. SI
Panama & "Way Ports. Jan. 31
San Diego Jan. Sl :
Point Arena Jan. 31
Humboldt Jan. 31
PuKet Sound Ports...... Feb. 1
Panama. & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Humboldt ............... Feb. 1
China via San Diego... Feb. 2
Seattle & X. Whatcom. Feb. 2
Seattle and Tacoma Feb 2
China and Japan Feb. 2
Tahiti ..;.. Feb. 2
Oyster Harbor Feb. 2
Roche Harbor Feb. 3
Humboldt Keb 3
Seattle Feb 3
Grays; Harbor...........; Feb. 3
Newport ...Feb. 3
San Diego Feb. 3
Portland and Astoria... |Feb. 4
Seattle Feb. 4
Tacoma (Feb. 4
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pl«r.
W. H. Krugei
Queen.........
Xewburg
Empire
Ran Pedro....
Walla Walla.
Alliance......
Eureka.:.
Corona
China.........
Arcata...
Mandalay.....
Marlposa......
Columbia.....
Point Arena..
Pomona.......
January- 29.
Grays Harbor .....
. : January 30.
San Dlegro ...........
Grays Harbor ....
Coos Bay ,.;...
January 31.
Humboldt ........;..
Puget Sound Ports.
Portland & Coos B.
Humboldt :v
February 1.
Newport ............
China and Japan..
. February 2.
Coos Bay .%...:....
Coqullle River ....
Honolulu I
Astoria & Portland.]
Point Arena
Humboldt' ..........
.February 3.
San Diego.. . ...;.....
I Febmary-4.
China and- Japan..
Humboldt...........
Seattle & Tacoma.
. February 5.'-
Seattle & Tacoma.
Newport ....:..
N. -T. "¦ via • Panama
Hamburg & "WV Pts.
Puget Sound Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma..
S pm
9 am
S pm
10 am
10 am
n am
10 am
9 am
9 am
1 pm
1 12 m
i 2 pm
1 11 am|
2 pm
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier »
Pier 13
Pier 11
PMSS .
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pter 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier S
Santa Rosa...
9 am
Pier 11
Carlisle City. .
North Fork...
Caarlna.....;..
l . ......
9 am
5 pm
Pier/ 3
Pier 8
Ttalnier. .'......
Bonlta..'.
Argyll...... ..
Sesostrls.. '.'."..
TJmatllla.Y.':.
Rob't Dollar.
9 am
8 pm'
Pler'ii
Pier S
11 am
Pier'*9
..;...
I.;
Cj Time Time Time Time
»_ Ft. Ft- Ft. Ft.
» L W . H AV L W H W
SO... 1:10 2.9 7:31 6.1 2:45—0.4 9:43 4.5
81 ... 2:11 3.9 8:31 6.2 3:S7 —0.6 10:37 4.7
1 ... 8:10 2.8 9:25 6.1 4:20-0.7 11:20 5.0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 5:00—0.6 11:53 5.1
3 ... 4:48 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:36—0.4
H W L, W H W " L. W
4 ... 0:84 5.2 5:84 2.2 11:50 5.7 6:17—0.1
5 ... 1:09 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3 6:45 0.3
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pl«r.
W. H. Krugei
Queen.........
Xewburg
Empire
Ran Pedro....
Walla Walla.
Alliance......
Eureka.:.
Corona
China.........
Arcata...
Mandalay.....
Marlposa......
Columbia.....
Point Arena..
Pomona.......
January- 29.
Grays Harbor .....
. : January 30.
San Dlegro ...........
Grays Harbor ....
Coos Bay ,.;...
January 31.
Humboldt ........;..
Puget Sound Ports.
Portland & Coos B.
Humboldt :v
February 1.
Newport ............
China and Japan..
. February 2.
Coos Bay .%...:....
Coqullle River ....
Honolulu I
Astoria & Portland.]
Point Arena
Humboldt' ..........
.February 3.
San Diego.. . ...;.....
I Febmary-4.
China and- Japan..
Humboldt...........
Seattle & Tacoma.
. February 5.'-
Seattle & Tacoma.
Newport ....:..
N. -T. "¦ via • Panama
Hamburg & "WV Pts.
Puget Sound Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma..
S pm
9 am
S pm
10 am
10 am
n am
10 am
9 am
9 am
1 pm
1 12 m
i 2 pm
1 11 am|
2 pm
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier »
Pier 13
Pier 11
PMSS .
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pter 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier S
Santa Rosa...
9 am
Pier 11
Carlisle City. .
North Fork...
Caarlna.....;..
l . ......
9 am
5 pm
Pier/ 3
Pier 8
Ttalnier. .'......
Bonlta..'.
Argyll...... ..
Sesostrls.. '.'."..
TJmatllla.Y.':.
Rob't Dollar.
9 am
8 pm'
Pler'ii
Pier S
11 am
Pier'*9
..;...
I.;
Bteamer. I
Alliance
Argo.
Mandalay
Robert Dollar...
Columbia
Corona..
Newburg:
Arcata..
Crescent City..
City of Sydney..
fcanta Rosa
l'oint Arena
Pomona .'..".
Umatllla.
Guatemala..*...
North Fork
Carlisle City....
Rainier
Czarina.........
Boric
Australia..
Willamette
South Portland
Eureka.
Hyades;
Fulton..
Donita
Queen..
O. W. Elder./..
Mackinaw
Mattewan
From. - Cue.
Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 30
Coflullle River Jan. 30
Coqullle River Jan.* 30
Seattle Jan. 30
Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 30
Newport Jsm. 30
Ventura Jan. 30
Coos Bay Jan. 31
Crescent City Jan. SI
Panama & "Way Ports. Jan. 31
San Diego Jan. Sl :
Point Arena Jan. 31
Humboldt Jan. 31
PuKet Sound Ports...... Feb. 1
Panama. & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Humboldt ............... Feb. 1
China via San Diego... Feb. 2
Seattle & X. Whatcom. Feb. 2
Seattle and Tacoma Feb 2
China and Japan Feb. 2
Tahiti ..;.. Feb. 2
Oyster Harbor Feb. 2
Roche Harbor Feb. 3
Humboldt Keb 3
Seattle Feb 3
Grays; Harbor...........; Feb. 3
Newport ...Feb. 3
San Diego Feb. 3
Portland and Astoria... |Feb. 4
Seattle Feb. 4
Tacoma (Feb. 4
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
- ALL THIS WEEK.
CHARLES ERIN' VERNER,
THE GREATEST LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN,
In Bouclcault's Famous Irish Drama,
AN UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS.
PRICES— 10c. 13c, 25c, EOc.
A few front rows in orchestra, 75c,
Good reserved seat In orchestra at all mati-
nees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK-THIRD MEETINO.
Monday, January 21,' to Saturday, February
9, Inclusive.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
81x Stake Events, Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST R-'-CE OF THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:40. '11:30 a, m.. 1, 1:30
and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
San Fra------ at 4:15 p.m... followed after the
last race at intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral specials. Beats in rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course,
including railroad fare, $1.25.
MILTON S. LATHAM, Secretary.
EDWATtD POWER. Racing; Secretary.
CHUTES AND_ZOO E ; n^ 9 X! 011
BIG VAUDEVILLE ' BILL!
'to-morrow 7 night—
THE AMATEURS I N_A BROWNIE SHOW.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
FISCHFR'C? CONCERT HOUSE.
L lOUfir.IV O Admission IOc
Nero. Frances Harding-. Fairbanks Brothers,
Hanlon and Singer. Ida Howell,
Sitters, Little Alma Wuthrich, Hal Conlett,
Ahern and Patrick and Hlnrichs 1 Orchestra.
Reserved Seats 23c. Matinee Sunday.
DAI IOC These hotels pos-
I ALAuL sess the attributes
¦ that tourists 'knd
Plin travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
fl R A M R lib€ral managed
UllnliU tnent, modern "ap-
MflTElO pointmehts a n i 4
HU I LLui P e r f e c « «" sin^
p _' . ¦ American and ¦ Eu-
Sail rraOCISCO, ropean plans.-*
AMUSEMENTS.
*T«inii < "' ItttSZSt CITY ti&U
Phone South 523.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
To-Nijrht and Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Superb Production D'Ennery'B Famous Drama,
A CELEBRATED CASE
Pfautlful Scenery! IMeh Costume*! Powerful
Cast! The Popular Irish Comedian, JAMES
M. WARD,~as Sergeant 0"Rourke.
nnircc Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
I AiVLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. I3c
NEXT MOKDAY- First Production In Amer-
ica of the Big EngliEh Melodrama, . -
"A DAUGHTER OF THE MILLION."
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, Jan. 30.
Parquet. 25c any w>at: Balcony, 10c; Children,
l'ta any part exeunt reserved.
GREATEST VAIDEVILLE SHOW EVER IN
RAN 'FRANCISCO.
THE NINE NELSONS.
LIZZIE AND VIXIE DALY. FOY AND
CLARK. LEAMER SISTERS. MOXTHAR-
, TROIS TRIO. WARREN AND BLANCH-
f ARD, HACKER AND LESTER, SWIGETTB
AND CLARK.
Third and Final Week of '"
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS.
GREAT MUSICAL HIT!
EVENINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
By the Authors of •'Robin Hood."
Next Week— Planquette'e Great Comic Opera.
•NELL GWYNNE." *^ **
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 60 cent*
Telephone— Bush 9.
OLYMriA <S>°j»»6i.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
QUERITA VINCENT,
San Francisco's Favorite.
mabelTTudson,
WHO CAN 6INO.
THE MORRISSES,
Who Can Pose In Attitudes Gladiatorial.
ANETTE~GEORGE,
Wlio Pleases Everybody.
And Our CELEBRATED STOCK • COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
i AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. -- ¦¦ '
AHUSEJEENTS.
C*«5f H EAT R t^Ap
TO-NIGHT— FUN FOR ALL!
William Gillette's Comedy,
ALL THE Bound
COMFORTS M.w
OF" HOME! l ™<*
MATIJCEES SATtTRDAT AND SUNDAY.
J^ext TVwli- KnraRement of JOS. KIIX5OUR.
when win be r>r*>spr.t<!d E. S. TTiUord's »uc-
Cfs, "JUDA4I." Seats Now Reaoy.
f* (ffe I 1 1 HH S9A feascisco's
VViaVl¥lii#i£% UADiSG THEME
A MOST INSPIRING PRODUCTION.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mfinsr«*rs We&enhal« & Kemper present
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
Ar.d a 6uj^rb company In a stupendous scenlo
production of
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
PRTrES-!! G8. fl. Tar. 60c, Kc and 25c.
. ¦ /__
LA?T FIVE PERFORMANCES OF
MRS. FISKE
IN
"BECKY SHARP."
I^AST MATINEE SATURDAY.
MONT5AT. FEBRUARY 4.
HHS. FISKE Id "TESS CF IKE D'DEBEBIfllLES. 11
BcaU en Bale TO-MORROW (THURSDAY),
at 9 a. m.
Alf EUinehoure Prop, and Manager
Phone JSouth 770.
TO-NIGHT.
The Lauffhlnr Fwtival— Fast and Furlotn.
Every Evening this week U a Jolly CARNI-
VAL. NIGHT
With Those Funny Fellows.
25—11 A X D P O M E GIRL S— SS. •
MURRAY AND MACK
And their jollr company of 40 Girls and
Boys — 10. in the very best of musical ex-
'^SHOOTInTtHE CHUTES"
"NUFF SAID."
J Ere — ZSc. 2&c, C0c and 75c
I Mat— 15c. 2£c. ZSc and 60c
\ Bunrtay Afternoon— VTra. A. Brady'i
rr-r.d production. "THE BORROWS OF
elected to the Illinois State Senate. In
which body he took a prominent part dur-
ing last winter's session.
Senator Dwyer haa recommended
Paine's celery compound to many of his
friends, and has yet to hear anything but
the most favorable results from any of
them.
Busy men and women threatened with
failure of nerve force and showing the
effect of too prolonged, too hard or too
anxious work by periods of languor, de-
pression, nervousness, dyspepsia or other
signs of nerve exhaustion will find Paine's
celery compound an invigorator as supe-
rior to all other remedies as modern sci-
entific methods are superior to old-fash-
loned. Inaccurate ones.
When Paine's celery compound is used,
other members of the family are quick to
see the great pain in health.
Paine's celery compound is the one
known nerve feeder and nerve restorative.
By its means all the functions of the
body receive a fresh supply of nerve food.
Tt encourages the body to produce an
abundant supply of this indispensable
vital force, without which there can be no
health, strength nor happiness In living.
From tho lack of nerve force men and
women are driven to despondency, melan-
choly. Insanity an^ suicide.
Th«»re will he no neuralgia, no persistent
headaches, no dyspepsia, no haunting pain
over the eyes, no nervous exhaustion If
Paine's celery compound is used.
Senator Dwyer Las held many positions
of trust, both In the city and State.
Elected Southw-eFt town clerk, before he
had concluded his term Mayor Wash-
tmrne appointed him superintendent of
the city water office. Later he became
West town assessor, and in 1E*4 was
"Gentlemen: It is with sincere pleasure
that I furnish this testimonial to the su-
perior merits of Paine's celery compound.
I have found it an efficacious and agree-
able rempfiy for various complaints which
refused to yield to other forms of treat-
ment, and I can cheerfully recommend it.
"EDWARD M. DWYER"
Senator Dwyer had used various medi-
cines, and .hey had done him no good.
Just how Paine's celery compound was
f.r?t brought to his attention, he does not
remember, but It has done so much for his
health that it has no more enthusiastic
ndvocate In th*» city of Chicago. He gives
full credit to Paine's celery compound for
the great improvement In his health.
"SfT.at* Chamber, General Assembly,
6prlnpfield, 111.. Feb. 25. 1900.
Palne's celery compound has been for
years, and l^row.the general prescription
of mo?t enaisent practitioner? cf medicine
In this country. It Is tho result of the best
prier.tlSc knowi€dge and research of the
last Quarter of a century. It-Is In no sense
a patent medicine, and for that reason
more physicians of high standing are
vslng, prescribing asd recommending It
thar. any othor remedy.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
/ -P*^- le ~' • : -'-^^x > j^^;-sv;-^^**^ii>^si«yf;-'iff^;fr7->:
A\ll °° terrors y r T I/A
*) S&\ 4p when It is made f » .. jvA
* 4< ; II '* F«f ectl y 1316 * which \ft
lard h not. It is cleanly and free M
r ' from disease-taint to which swine, y 1
from which lard i* made, are liable/- <I
Dyspeptics •'; can with impunity 1
enjoy food "made with" it. It goes ¦ I
i . twice as rar as lard or butter and is J
therefore cheaper. Wesson's Salad J
Oil is far greater value than the finest I
olive oil and has the ' same flavor. ./
Ask your friendly grocer to supply f.
£ you with Wesson's Oils. ': •I NEW YORK. Jan. 29. -The stock market
t pain was dominated by St. Paul to-day, with
#oire incidental disturbance from the erratic
fluctuations of Steel and Wire. These two
rtocks really made the market and prices
moved Fcmewhat narrowl.» and on a small
volume of transactions In sympathy with ther»
throughout the day. Southern Pacific was a
rotable exception to the general tendency or
the market. It was bought largely all day and
In th« late dealings rose an extreme 1TA to 4S.
carrying some other stocks, notably among the
Grangers and Pacifies, with It. But renewed
weakness In the two leaders carried prices ex
cept for Southern Pacific down again, .leaving
only a few insignificant net gains among the
large list of losses. ¦ There was no news to ac
count for the movement In Southern Pacific
beyo»»d the argument of the speculators in the
stock that an advance in it* price was long
overdue. Mobile and Ohio made a \-ery notable
rise of CA. accompanied by rumors of absorp
tion or control by the Illinois Central. New-
York Central gained two iiolnts on very light
transactions sjjl Manhattan and Leather
ehowed tlgns cf strength. American Express
gained 4% without any explanatory news. The
opening break in St. Paul was violent, thr
Ftock dropping 4«i under the pressure of heavy
blocks to cell, to 150. Later In the day It get
up tui high ba 153 twice and wavered uncertain
ly between that and 151. closing with a net loss
of 1\,. The emphatic disclaimer by all the St.
Paul authorities that arrangements had been
completed for the transfer of control to th*
Great Northern and Northern Pacific made it
clear that whatever pl&us were In operation to
bring about that result, there were decided ob
jections among Kt. Paul stockholders to it.
'That a vr-ry l&rpe portion f>f the heavy deal
ings In the etock are surely speculative i*
manifest from the fact that yesterday's trane
e^tlcnK nlone ac*r<»gnted n:or»" than half the
number of the total shares capital cf the com
rany. TWs coy'.d naturally b* the result of
large professional traders being in and out of
the «tock on a heavy scale perhaps many times
in- the ocurse of a single tlay. In Steel and
Wire, the Jow rwlrt was made at 39 soon after
the opening and the * tock then rebounded to
cbove 41 before the announcement was made
Ncrv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
I CHICAGO, Jan. 29. — The .wheat market was
{ kept alive for the most part by scalpers and
! although the volume of trade was rather small,
I the tone was firmer under the Influence .of
emaller receipts, steadier cables in- the face of
the decline here yesterday and reports of strong
er cash situation. May opened %c higher at
76% to 76i4c and sold early at 78%c. Moderate
commission house' buying, tome of it alleged
to be for Wall , street _ and covering by. shorts
resulted In a gradual recovery to .76%c. The
close was firm. May %0%c higher at 76%c.
Moderate primary receipts and a report of two
loads sold here for export helped the market
during the latter half of the session, but shorts
gave the best support; throughout, having sold
rather heavily yesterday. -
Corn . was rather heavy. The excellent
weather for ¦ movement, ¦ together with urgent
cash, demand, led to selling by longs and oth
ers. The market recovered a bit In sympathy
with the wheat firmness, but, the closing tone
was without independent strength. May closing
•,4S'Uc ' lower.
Oats were fairly steady within a narrow mar
gin. May closing %c lower. - -
Provisions were firm because hog receipts
were SOCO head, under the estimate. ¦ May pork
closed unchanged : May lard a - shade up and
May ribs 2%®5c higher. -'
The leading futures ranged -as follows: * -
Articles— : , . Open. High. Low. Close.
' Wheat 'No:' 2— .. . - ¦ s '
January ..... ... 73% ,,\*. 74% 73% 74%
February 73% 74% " 73** 74%
May 76% . 76% 76% , 76%'
Corn No. 2— .-:..,
January ....*.... .... .... 37,
; February .......... 37% 37% 37% " 37%
May 39% 39>« : 38%. 39%
Oats No. 2— ' •
January 23% 23% ; 23% 23%
May ¦ 25% 25%. 25% 2514
Mess Pork, »er bbl— ; -. - - ;-
January .13 97% 14 00 13 90' 13 90
May ?...Y.. 14 15 14 22% , 14 10 ' 14 10 -
Lard, per 100 lbs— :
January 7 42% . 7 42% 7 42% . 7 42%
March ¦ .... .... 7 45-
Mny .755 .715- 7 62% ' 7 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ...»-. 7 00 7 00 , 6 97% 6 97%
May ...;... ......... ;.7 12% \ 7 15 j 7 07% , 7 10.
SEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Blum. Great Falls J »•¦»• " £*f? m T a _
H L Sherwood. L Gat U V R<VPen. low*
t f Tiark^r 111 •* ** Bernscn. Mo
J L™, a Dies" vv Wallace. Denver
J T Ifuntley Sacto •» Hennlng. L Ann
DrVs ft^-Hon g Ferrl". H M Bay
DMcCaullff. Truckee \ Soholta IVmm
J Anderson. Kana i Quina. St Louis
II- C Gates 4 fy. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
II Bell. Oakland J Q Dlxon, N T
W G Ford, Mayfleld A M Chesterton & w.
T T Williams. S Raf Boston
A F Cau3en, Seattle R W Moore. Watsowr
\V H Moses. Wash, DC H C Moore, San Jo»»
C W Collier. NY B G Krauss, X T
W A Green, Chicago Dr Buford. St horns
J B Alexander. L A T J Field. Monterey
C H O'Brien. Chicago X 8 Clark, NT
AV a Ferguson & w. X BuhiUngs. Amster-
Los Angeles dam
Mrs A J Mourletr. Mo It Col Grant A w.3 C
Mrs A D Cooper. Mo EL Sheets * w, LuH
H Grlssman & w. IlllL Robinson. Colo
J H^oJrllco. & w.NY D L Robinson Colo
F R Anson. Or H J Ktt, Chicago
Mrs L E White. Cal E O Silver. N Y
J A H Ivlns. Phlto Mr ft Mrs Tpp«tt.
F II Tost. Stanford Montreal
" GRAND HOTEL.
Mary Ward, N J W W Bliss. DenTer
Mrs F W Hushes. Ill E O Towle. Towla
A Seldmore. Reno C L Bulbert. Jackson
H Lumsden. Cal J Rlley. Amador
J Coleman. Cal A C Hart. Sacramento
G H Johnson. Cal W M Lowell. Sacto
T W Younger. Portlnd J N WocOs, Stockton
J P Dougherty. Cal S R Slbermar-. Mo
A Cohn. Seattle J T Roundtree. Denver
Mrs J H Ooodeo*. B C Mrs H Bookln 5»r. Cml
J B Peabodr, Los A Mrn H II Brown, S J««
S N Nlchey, Indpndce J M Lennon, Seattle
C R Bennett. Seattle J H Roberts, Sacto
K R Elgin J J Campbell&w, B C
Mrs C James. Fasdena F C Stettler. Or»
L Thome, Wabash. In J P Snyder. Cal
E J Pearson. Tacoma. J E Maffovern. X T
Anna C Davis, Chgo w H Hampton. N Y
Mary W Lymon. Chgo W W Noble. San Jos«
O W Upson. Clereland Mrs J K McLaughlln
"W M Haynes. NY A J Bledsoe&w, Utalx
K H Tullan. Fish Com F J Grlpo. Chicago
J. A Mclntyre. Sacto R T Nlvkerson&w. NT
51 C Osborn. Marysvlle E Dtnkelspeil. Suisua
Mrs W J O'Brien. Sac A J Bowen. t. A
Miss C O'Brien. Sacto DrEO Bennett&w P»
Mls» E O'Brien. Sacto W Sexters, Orovllle
P Trcp I: w, S Rafael F W D Swynne, Bksfil
J McCudden. Vallejo. J F Ellison, Red Bluff
Ml*a McCudden. Valjo P Carpenter. Placervlft
J W Hamaker. Oregon J W Cahoon&w. Utah
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
5 Hay dealeni report -a deoressad market, ow
ing to liberal receipts ;. but < the old prices are
Bt IU' quoted. Bran rules firm. .
"BRAN— . $15(^16 per ton. >
MIDDLINGS-J16 D0©19 50 per ton. .
: FEEDSTirFFS— Rolled Barley, J16®17 ' per
tr-n: Oilcake Meal. -at the mill, J25@26;- Jobbing
$26 50: Coeoanut Cake, J17@18: Corn ¦ Meal J25
C2.1 50; Cracked Cam.- |25 £0@26; Mixed i^eed,
tlf-fiie. . . - • .,
HAY— Volunteer. - $5©3; ' - Wheat,- Jll^fi3 E0;
Hay and'Fccdstuffs,
' FLOUR— California - Family - Extras. J3 25@
3 50,*. usual'* terms;- Bakers'- Extras, J3 15@3 25;
Oregon, J2 75@2 83 per barrel for family and
$2 *h@3 for. bakers'; Washington, bakers', J2 73
®3.. >-.v.-..- - - - . ¦ ' - ,: -.-'.- j- .-> ¦; ¦ ... •.
1 MILLSTUFFS^Prices ' in • sacks are. as fol
lows. •. usual 'discount- to .the .trade: : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; ¦ Rye /Flour, J2 75; Ryo
Meal, *2 50; Rice Flour.' $7; Corn Meal. $2,75
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat 1 Groats, J4 60; Hom
iny, '* J3-5O<g.3 75; Buckwheat .Flour, - J4@4 25-
Cracked Wheat. " $3 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour,- $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), S6@
7 25j in Backs, $5 75®7; Pearl Barley. |5; Split
Peas, to;. Green Peas, $5 60 . per 100 lbs. ••-.¦' ¦ - -.
Flour andi Millstuffs.
. CORN— Offerings are not large, but the mar
ket is dull. at unchanged prices. Yellow,. Jl 15;
White. Jl 15: Eastern mixed. Jl 12% per ctl. :
• RYE— S5@R7%c per ctl. There Is more stock
here than the market needs,-, hence the feel
ing Is weak.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at- fl 85 per ctl.
"Wheat. Jl 30® 1 50: Surprise, nominal; Red,
Jl 25@1 40 for Feed and M 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black,-, for Feed, $1 17%@1 20;
for Seed. • $1 25©1 30 per ctl.' -.
¦The Eastern shipments now coming In are In
transit for the Orient and consequently do not
affect this market.' ¦ ' < .::> ¦• ' ¦ - ¦¦-. .: ¦
Informal Spssion— 9:15 o'clock— May— 6000 ctls.
tl 04. • December-^2000, Jl 07%.
Second Session-May— 10.000 ctls. Jl 04. ;
Regular Mornins Session— No sales.
Afternoon •Session — No Bales.
' BARLEY— Light offerings and a small de
mand -continue to characterize- this market.
Quotations stand the eame.
• Feed 76Uc for choice bright. 73%@75c for No.
1 and'70@72%c for off grades: Brewing, and
Shipping grades, 80<7?52%c;' Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. 0
I informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2*30
Ctls. 70%c. .'..,
Second Session— No sales.
" Regular Mnrnlnar Session— No sales.
¦ Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Continue quiet and - unchanged, hold
ers bplnr as firm as ever.
CALL BOARD SALES.
"WHEAT FREIGHTS- Are quiet and steady
at atiout 3Ss 9d, usual options, with a charter
at this rat". The- chartered wheat fleet in
port has a" registered tonnage of C.200. against
50.4S0 tons on the same date last year; dis
engaged, 27CO tens, asralnst 13.370; on the way
to this port. 109.550 tons, against 163.S00.
WHEAT— Llfelessness characterized all mar
kets yesterday, ar.d quotations stood about the
same all over the world. The English markets
were featureless. New York was slightly
hleher Chicago reported a bearish feeling anl
Ught trading. | The forthcoming: report of Brad
street's was expected to show some decrease
in the visible supply..'-.' '' ' - "
The local market was apathetic and nominal.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, S8%c; milling, |1@1 03
per ctl. I •_¦ ¦¦_''. __ _..' „
Wheat and Otlicr Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *4 S4%
Sterling Exchange, sight — llli?
Sterling Cables ..••• - 4 *^
New York Exchange, s ght...... - l^%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22%
Silver, per ounce — ***
Mexican Dollars, nominal BOH @ ol
Exchange and Bullion.
* i -*
Local stocks and bonds were very dull on the
morning session, and prices showed no change.
The afternoon was also quiet.
The oil stocks enjoyed the usual liberal pat
ronage at about the same quotations. In the
afternoon Caribou advanced to 63c.
Pacific Borax was ex-dlvldend of Jl yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 2»— 2 j>. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s nuar coup..ll3V£U4Vi 4s do cp (new)138 138%
4s do reg 113Vill4V» 3s do coup 110*Llll\
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PC3s.l05 — Oak Water as. — 102%
Cal-st Cab 6s. 116 115% Oceanic S3 5s. — 109
C C Water 5s.l06 — Om C Ry 6s. .12? —
EdL6P 6s.. 131 135 Pac G Imrj 49.100 —
F & Cl Ry 6s-114»4 — P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 —
Gcary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R 6«. — —
H C & S 5%s.lOS\4 — Powell-st R 6s.l20% —
Do 5s 104%— Sec E O&R Es — 99U
L A R 59......ni'/2ll3 S F & SJV 5a,12O .—
LA L Co 6s.. — — S R of Cal 6s.lI0
Do gntd Cs.. — 104 S P R of A 6s.H0 111
¦ Do 5s — — S P C 6s (1903.
I, A P R R 5s.l01% — Series A). ...110 110%
Market Cab 6s.l2* — Do (Series B)lll ~
Do 1st M 5s.l22 — Do U906) 113 —
N C N G R 7s. — 113% Do (1312) 122 —
N R of Cal 6S.112 — S P R 1st g 5S.107 108*i
Do 5s 120 — S P B R C 6s.l31% —
N P C R R 6s.l01% — S V Water 6s.ll4% —
Do 5s 10X 109 Do 4s 104
N Cal Ry 5s. ..110% — Do 3d mtg...lO2 —
O G.L & H 53.110% — Stktn Gas 6s.. 103
Oak Tran 6s..ll4 111 5 * * -irf;
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69 69% Spring Valley. 92%
Marin County. 62*4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo— 4 Pac L Co 42^43%
Equit O L Co. 2% 3 Sac E G&RCo. — 37%
Mutual El Co. 8 9 S F O & E... 47% 43
O G L & H.. 43% — San Francisco. 4^ 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. — 44% Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.232 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 77 — Lon P & A 143 —
Bank of Cal... 410 — Merchants' Ex 16 —
Cal S D & T..105% — S F Nat Bk... — 125
First National — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
i Ger S & L — 1850 Sav A L So.... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk...275 —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Unlcn T Co... — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 135 — O S L & H.V.. 41 —
Gear»"-st 47%— Pi-esldlo 17% 20
Market-st ..1.. 63% —
POWDER STOCKS.
California 130 — Vlgorlt ........ 2% ¦ 2%
Giant Con Co.. 83 83%
* SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. SU S%.KIlauea S Co.. 21H 2\%
Haw C & S Co — 87% Makawell S Co 43 42%
Honokaa S Co. 31U 32 I Onomea S Co. 27% —
Hutch S P Co. 26% — il'aauhau S Co. 32 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 12S% Oceanic SS Co.l02tl05
Cal Fruit Asn — 107 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co 135 —
Mer Ex Asn... 95 '*— Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Morning Session.
Boar'l—
10 Equitable Gas 2 62%
•25 Honokaa S.Co .' 31 23
25 Mutual Electric Light 7 00
,100 BF, Gaslight 4 S7£
20 8 V Water 92 75
Street— -• -
J1C0O Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co Ss 104 23
- ¦ Afternoon Session..
Board— : .- - -Y,
8 Alaska Packers' Association 126 00
$1000 California St R R bonds 116 "00
25 Giant Powder Con 83 25
5 Honokaa 3 Co. 3; ; 7^
J100O Los Angeles Ry.as. m 50
10 Oakland Gas 50 00
. 10 Oakland Gas. b 5:..... 50 00
I10O0 S F & S J.V bonds......; 120 12%
20 S V Water... 92 75
$1000 S V 4s (3d mortgage) 103 37%
Street—
' • "20 "Alaska ' Packers* Association 12S 00
San Francisco <«ata: Maximum temperature
C2. minimum 4S, mean 50.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen generally over the
country Tvest of the Rdcky Mountains. An
area of fcleh pressure extends from British
Columbia southeastward to Utah.
The temperature has fallen slowly over Cen
tral and Northern California and has risen over
Southern California. In the great valleys of
California the temperaturrn arc about normal.
Colder weather will prevail east of the Rocky
Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 30:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, light
frosts la northern portion;' light northerly
Tvlnds.
Southern California— Fa.ir Wednesday, light
frosts In the Interior Wednesday morning;
light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah — Fair "VWdnesdaj-.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Franciwo and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
with fog In the^r.ornlng; ilgnt westerly, chang
ing to light northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
! Last I This Last
STATIONS. 1 24 Hoursj Season. Sea?on.
Eureka I 0.00 30.36 34.06
Red Bluff O.00 15.73 15.07
Sacramento O.00 11.32 13.53
Fan Francisco 0.00 13.01 14.47
Fresno 0.00 7.45 6.13
Independence 0.00 4.S3 2.69
Ean Luis Obispo ... 0.00 21.50 12.50
Loe Angeles 0.00 " 9.26 4.57
San t'iego 0.00 3.80 2.62
At the close the local ¦ market wan barely
steady, with prices net 80 points higher on
January and 2 points higher to 7 points lower
on the other months.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Cotton, on the first
call, was steady, with the general list un
changed to 2 points higher, while January, af
ter openlnc at an advance of. 20 points, scored
an additional bulge of 40 points on the initial
call. Scon afterward a Jump to $11 75 occurred,
but later there was a reduction to $11 E0 under
profit-taking by local longs. By noon another
spurt of covering had advanced that option to
$ 11 95, around which It clung until the last
hour. • ¦ ¦¦¦ ' •-
The late months were listless and closed
about unchanged.
Nexu York Cotton Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES — eteady: State com
mon. 3%«4%c; prime, 5@5Hc; choice. 6H©6c;
fancy, 6@7c. ¦ ¦*»,
California dried fruits Inactive.
PRUNES— 3>A<i?8Hc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%®
15c.
PEACHES-Peeled, 14flSc; unpceled, 6%<J10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,597 packages: firm at the
decline. Western nt merk, 18%ffl3%: Southern
at mark. 17HS18ViC.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10.955 packages: steady:
creamery. lS@22c; June creamery. 15@20c: fac
torv n@i4c.
COFFEB-Spot-Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice. 7c
mild market dull; Cordova. 8£144e; futures
closed quiet, prices net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Total sales. 11,250 bags. Including-
March, $5 40; May, 1555; July, J5 CO; August.
$3 CO.
WOOL— Quiet
WHEAT-Receipts, 234,000 bushels; exports.
15.994 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 87%c f.,o.
b. afloat; No. 1. Northern Dututh; 87%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 80%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady and followed It up with
increasing strength on better advices than ex
pected, good cash demand West, small North
west receipts and a fair demand from shorts.
Closed firm et' %f %c net advance: March,
S0%SSO*ic. closed SO^e; May," 80 11-16®S1 5-16c
closed 81Hc: July, SOgSle, closed 8C%c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— FLOUR- Receipts. 25.
6C3 bbls. : exports. 1S.447 bbls. Market active
and steadier: winter straights, $2 95@3 E5; Min
nesota ratents, $4@4 25. . '
The follom-ing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
¦won. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. Jan. 19. 1901-5 p. m
Weather Report.
••Orchards and vineyards are in (rood condi
tion, the cool weather at the beginning of the
m<->nth having been most beneficial in checking
pr'r-mature budding of deciduous fruHs. Tree
and vine pruning are progressing. Citrus fruit
trees arc doing well, but in some sections
would be ber.eSted by a rainfall eufflclently
fceavy to reach the roots."
""Grain Is looking well and has made rapid
frrowth during the week. The acreage sown
to wheat, barley and oats is already large and
Is being increased rapidly in nearly all sec
tion*, as farmers appear confident that the
season Is to be unusually fa\"orable. Pastur
age and alfalfa have also been greatly bene
fited by the favorable conditions during the
rast week. Gre^n feed is abundant in all
jArts of thf State ar.d cattle and sheep are In
l-rlme condition. Plowing, and seeding have
continued, except In places where the soil is too
nolft.
The Weather and Crops.
A. G. McA<J!e. section director of the climate
and crop service of the Weather Bureau. make3
the following report for the week ending Mon
day:
"The temr>erature has continued above nor
mal In nearly all parts of the State during the
week, and no injurious frosts have occurred.
luin has fallen at intervals In all sections, the
precipitation having been mostly in Iieht show
ers, which have beon very beneficial to all
growing crops an3 have not seriously retarded
farm work. In Southern California, where the
rain was Ftill falling th.1? morning, the soil is
row in excellent condition. &nd prospects there
and in all other sections are unusually good for
heavy crcps of grain and hay. In the foothill
district? back of San Diego the rainfall for the
week is reported as over two inches.
"Raisins are steady, with llfrht demand.
Prunes are dull and easy. There is a better
jobbing Inquiry for the very small sizes, sup
plies cf which are not particularly heavy.
There are less offerings of prunes from the
coast, but some goods are Etili tr> be had at
H^ t <<" under the ossoclation. Aprleota and
unpeeled peaches are going out somewhat bet
ter. Pates ar; lower and easy. Sale of i00
box<"s Sair was reported yesterday at 2^c.
Prime evaporated apples are slightly firmer,
holders asking 5c. Choice and fancy axe firm.
Nuts cro dull."
Mail advice* from New York say:
"¦Conditions In dried fruits and nuts con
tinue quiet. The arrival of 7C0,bbls of currants
via Rotterdam, which was noted in this column
yesterday, has caused a further decline in
Amallaf. the market now being quotable from
S5"S\»e on this grade. Rather a better jobbing
demand if apparent for currants, but orders
an? for very small lots. The market abroad
f till continues firm.
Dried Fruits in New York. •
that the promised statement would be with
held until 3 p. m.. Instead of being published
at 11 o'clock. During the afterncon the stock i
: sot as high as 41*4. but eloped at a net loss of
: %¦ The prevailing etate of mind of speculators
in the stock was evidently one of entire un
certainty as to the effect the statement would !
have on holders and the uncertainty Is likely |
to continue, as no action has been taken on the *
actual question of the dividend. The congested I
ond uneven character of the trading Is Ttidl- j
cated by the fact that not a single share of
men a usually active stock as sugar was sold I
until well into the second hour of trading and j
the first fale of Tennessee Coal was recorded j
after 1 o'clock. ,
A considerable export of gold on Thursday is
pxsured and already $L50O,0CO has been bespoken
In a tentative majiner at the assay office. Th
continued advance here of sterling exchange
strengthened the supposition that' the outward
movement of gold from New York will shortly
bo diverted from Paris to London.
The bond market continued moderately active
with an irregular movement of prices. Total
sales. J3.S. r .5.000. United States 3b and. 4s ad
vanced 14 per cent on the last call.
NEW. YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
11.100 Atchison 45"i
5.0C0 Atchlson prefd S5
3,200 Baltimore & Ohio SS
Canadian Pacific S3
100 Canadian Southern 0"^%
SCO Chesapeake & Ohio 3S»i
1.W0 Chicago Great Western -. 17 a i
U.300 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 143^
5C0 Chicago Ind & Louisville 25
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 59
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92
Chicago & Northwestern 171
lt,200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 122%
800 C C C &. St Louis 75V»
Colorado Southern 7V t
50) Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41*»
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd I6V4
3.700 Delaware &. Hudson 153
Delaware Lack & Western 1H5
400 Denver & Rio Grande 31Vs 1
Denver & Ulo Grande prefd b'i'i >
15.600 Erie 27»4 ;
7.CO0 Erie 1st prefd 62*i |
700 Great Northern prefd lS4 l ,j ]
Hocking Coal 14V4 I
Hocking Valley 42^
TOO Illinois Central 123H j
300 Iowa Central Z*\ )
Iowa Central prefd 43
Lake Krie & Western 40%
Lake Erie & Western prefd ;.109>i
Lake Shore 210»i
4,200 Louisville & Nashville 9S'*
l*.3C0 Manhattan L 117 ;
1.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 161 «i '
1,000 Mexican Central 13 1 ,* i
200 Minn & St Louis 69
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 106
l.<00 Missouri Pacific 8<>
1O.JCO Mobile & Ohio 54^
0,700 MifFOUri Kansas & Texas IS
6.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 54%
New Jersey Central 148\i
2,000 New York Central 142$i j
1.200 Norfolk & Western 44%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd S3 i
EP.fGO Northern Pacific • S2H !
2.600 Northern Pacific prefd 86J4 1
4>00 Ontario & Western 31% 1
Orezon Railway & Navigation 42 I
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 76
7.S00 Pennsylvania 14»% i
6,500 Reading 31Vi j
3.0GO Reading 1st prefd 71 I
6.900 Reading 2d prefd 41& j
. Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd ?2
3,600 St Louis & San Francisco 2S%
300 St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 73^4 !
2.K0 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd.. 57 7 /« I
1.900 St Louis Southwestern 22*i
3.700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 51
IG6.S0O Ft Paul 151H i
1,200 St Paul prefd 193
St Paul & Omaha 130
2V2.500 Southern Pacific 4?H
3.3^0 Southern Railway 20H
1.0C0 Southern Railway prefd 71
1.6C0 Texas & Pacific 27%
29,000 Vnlon Pacific S3 1 *
1,900 Union Pacific prefd 83H
800 Waba«h 13Vi !
2.100 Wabash prefd 27T4 j
Wheeling & Lake Erie ll'/i i
Wheeling & Lake Erie :d prefd BSVi '
300 Wisconsin Central 15^4
400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S3
Third Avenue 120
3.600 National Tube IS
200 National Tube prefd 9SV4
Express companies—
Adams 150
400 American 175
v United States £3
WellB-Fargo 134
Miscellaneous—
500 American Cotton Oil 31
American Cot'.on Oil prefd 89
American Malt'.ng 4\4
American Malting prefd 25
6,200 American Smelting & Refin 54%
700 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 97V»
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
600 American Steel Hoop 26H
American Steel Hoop prefd 70
£4.900 American Steel & tVlre 40^1
1,200 American Steel &, wire prefd 85Vt
1,500 American Tin Plate 66**
American Tin Plate prefd 87
2,100 American Tobacco 114%
American Tobacco prefd ..140
300 Anaconda Mining Co ;. 42&
15.600 lirooklyn Rapid Transit f ; 76%
«-0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 41%
3,200 Continental Tobacco 44%
Continental Tobacco prefd 93
20,000 Federal Steel 42H
400 Federal Steel prefd 70
4,600 General Electric 191*4
Glucose Sugar 43 -
Glucose Sugar prefd "... 88
l>00 International Paper 2H4
1.100 International Paper prefd .......... CS\.
Laclede Gas 72
ICO National Biscuit 38%
"... National Biscuit prefd S2 -
National Lead Um
200 National J>»ad prefd ....S3
3.100 Natlortal Steel 8»%
National Steel -orefd SO
100 New York Air Brake 15'J
1,400 North American 19T4
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
J.1CO Pacific Matl 4B%
' 8.400 People" B Gas 99
1.000 Pressed Steel Car 37K
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 78
300 Pullman Palace Car 199 !
200 Standard Rope & Twine ' 3%
4.800 Sugar 133%
Sugar prefd 119
' 3«0 Tennessee Coal & Iron .57 ¦
22,500 United States Leather 14 -
1L200 United States Leather prefd.. 75V4
1.900 United States Rubber " 19V»
100 United States Rubber prefd .." 60
100 Western Union S3*i
&00 Amalgamated Copper ?9
100 Republic Iron & Steel 13T«
Republic Iron & Steel prefd SS
P C C & St Louis S5
780.900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2« ref reg 105% N Y Cent lsts...... lCfixi
U S 2s ref coup.. .105% N J Cent gen 58..127H
U S 2s reg no N Pacific 3s........ 71'i
US 2s coup 110*4 N Pacific 4s........ 105H
U S new 4s reg. ...137 NY C & St L 4s.l0sk
U S new 4s coup..33S N & W con. 4s.'. .'..WO
U S old 4s reg....ll3>4 Or Nav lsts. ;;.1O9
U S old 4s' coup.. 113V; Or Nav 4s... ;....-;. 103%
13 S &s reg.. 110\i On Short Line 6s.. 129%
U 8 5s coup.. 111% Or S Line con 6S..116M.
Diet of Col 3.C58.7.12S Reading Gen 4s.. » 94%
Atchiscn sen 4s 103 R O W lilts. :'.'...... 99*4
Atchifion-adJ 4k « Ft L As) M con 08.115%
Canada . So. 2cJs....lUU St L & S F gen 6s.J2S
Cbes &. Ohio 4'^»..105V4iEt Paul cons 1SS
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Horning Session.
Board—
700 Aetna 39
5"© California Standard 33
530 Caribou so
20 Caribou 3D
100 El Dorado 1 ftl
aw Four Oil Co 55
3 Hanford 123 00
COO Horr.e Oil 4 15
50 Home Oil 4 1)
; 500 Independence It
30O Junction »2
700 Junction 9-1
600 Junction , 91
i 100 Lion Oil Co 2
I 20a Lion Oil Co 2i
3315 Monarch of Arizona 80
5 Oil City Petroleum 33 M
50 Peerless 8 5
13C0 Petroleum Center Z\
2000 Reed Crud- Oil Co H
143 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 v
200 Senator 2 3S
10OO Westlake E
10O Wolverine 163
Street
150 Petroleum Center Zi
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Bear Flag 43
200 Bear Flag 47
£00 California Standard 37
100 Caribou %\
100 Caribou g>
1000 Caribou gj
500 Four Oil Co 55
500 Four Oil Co. s 3;> jj
1 Hanford 133 O'l
600 Junction 91
1400 Lion Oil Co 23
600 McKlttrlck 36
300 Monarch of Arizona *g
100 Occidental of W Va 7s
100 Occidental of V Wa 77,
200 Petroleum Center j|
2P0 Pittsburg 41
SOO Reed Crude Oil Co »g
500 Reed Crude Oil Co g?
25 San Joaqutn Oil & Dev u o>t
153 Thirty- Three y ;z
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 23-2:» n. m.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mcrnlne Session.
100 Andes C9I 1W Mexican ....... 29
€C0 Best & Belcher 30 600 Overman 14
tO Con Cal & Va..l 55 400 Silver Hill .... 4«
2C0 Crown Point... 15 1C0 Silver Hill .... 45
20O Justice *?!
Afternoon Session.
9*0 Best A Belcher 2? ICO Overman 14
K0 Caledonia 69 SCO Savage IS
50 Crown Point... lc 1W Silver II1H 44
2f« Justice 07 1O Standard 4 23
300 Mexican 2S 2W> Union Con 24
2C0 Ophir 61 150 Yellow Jacket.. 19
The following were the aales tn tha Paclfla
Stock Eccrd yesterday:
Moraine Session.
3C0 Bert & Belcher 27; 700 Con Cal ft V 1 52*4
17C0 Best & Belcher 23 200 Sliver HU1 .... 4fl
800 Best & Belcher 29 500 Utah (9
200 Con Cal & Va..l 50
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 231 300 Savago 18
60 Con Cal & Va..l 53 300 Sierra Nevada. 13
200 Crown Pclnt .. 13 7C0 Silver Hill .... 44
200 Mexican .*. 23 400 Yellow Jacket. 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jax 2S— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 C«,Justlca 0« C3
Alta. : C3 OajKentuek Cl 03
Andes 08 €3 Lady Wash.... — 02
Belcher 07 CStMexlcan 27 23
Best & Belcher 25 27, Occidental C4 07
Bullion C2 04 Ophir 60 «1
Caledonia 63 70 Overman 13 14
Challenge Con. 18 13 Potosi OS 09
Chollar 10 Hi Savage 18 17
Confidence 73 73 Scorpion — to
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 50 Ses Belcher ... 01 C3
Con Imperial... 01 02. Sierra Nevada. 13 19
Con New York. — 02 Silver Hill 44> 43
Crown Point .. 13 15 ; St Louis — 10
Eureka Con ... 03 —I Standard 4(0 4 33
Exchequer — ('2 Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry. 40 41! Union Con .... 23 23
Hale & Nor 17 13 Utah 09 10
Julia — -CS'Tellow Jacket. 13 18
Sjtvcr continues to decline. .;
Another advance in Linseed Oil.
Wheat and Barley sluggish and unchanged.
Very little movement in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay soft under large receipts. Bran firm.
Gozrrnmcnt in the market again for White Beans.
Potatoes weakening under excessive arrivals.
Onions and Vegetables shozv little change.
Nothing new An Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry in heavy supply and depressed. Game dull.
Seven cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Citrus Fruits dull. Fancy Apples firm. Pears quiet.
Pacific brand of Raisins now quoted.
All descriptions of Dried Fruits neglected and nominal.
Provisions firm enough, but rather slow.
Wool and Hops very dull at the familiar quotations.
Meat market quiet, with continued light supplies.
Coal in moderate supply at the old prices.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
Continued good demand for the oil stocks.
LVczc; York Grain and .' Produce.] ¦
jt__ • I
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general" fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In wie
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $14I,O45,7S9; to'.d. J77.9O9,S11.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— Money on call, steady.
1K92K per cent. Prime mercantile paper. 3H
©¦4* per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87H for
demand and at $4 84^ for sixty days. Posted
Km eS> J 4 c£ 4l i m 85 and J4 S( *4- Commercial
bills, $4 S3Vi®4 S3\. Silver certificates. 63lj@
600. Bar sliver. 61'^c. Mexican dollars, 48c'
Ilonds— Government, strong; State, inactive:
railroad, irregular.
New York Money Market.
Atchlscn. 46^i; Canadian Pacific. POH: North
ern Pacific preferred, S9; Union Pacific pre
ferred. S5H; Grand Trunk, 7H: Anaconda, S^.
Bar silver Quiet. 29Vid per ounce.
Money, 4 per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
I The stock market here was Idle to-day and
steady. The American department began dull
and weakened en early Eales by cable f--om New
lork. Then on New York bidding, after the
opening in Wall street, there was a rally
vs'hlcn closed the market here fairly well St
I aul moved erratically, but for the most part
was fiat upon the receipt of fresh contradic
tions of the Hill deal.
Money Is stiffening on demands for the end
of the month and for the settlement.
London Market.
MINING STOCKS.
Afams 20|L!tt!e Chief 14
Alice 40!OntarIo ...6 50
nreece ..2 OOiOphir 68
Brunswick Con 23 Phoenix 10
Corastock Tunnel... 04 Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 145 ?avage ............ 12
Deadwocd Terra 52 Sierra Nevada. 15
Horn Silver 1 10 Smell Hopes 65
, Iron . Silver 6! Standard ...4 10
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 83H
Call loans 3<m West End 93«?
Time loans 3V4@1 Westlngh Elec .... 54Vi
Stocks— Bonds—
Atchlson 45«4 Atchlson 4s 102
do prefd 85 N E G & Coke 5s.. 67
Am Sugar 134 Mining shares—
do prefd iis% Adventure 9H
Bell Telephone 166^ Amaig Copper ..., S9
Boston & Albany. .234 Atlantic 25W
Boston Elevated... 163V2 Blngham 15}i
Boston & Maine.. 194 Boston & Mont 315
C B & Q 14314 Butte & Boston.... 77 .
Dom Coal 34% calumet & Hecla..849
do prefd 1084 Franklin istf
Fed Steel 42^4 Osceola 81
do prefd 70 Parrot 47
Gen Elec 1WV4 Quincy ...163
.. d £ P, reM 153 Santa Fe Copper.. 5%
N E G & Coke im Tamarack 330
O d Colony 207 Utah Minln* 32
Old Dominion 30 Winona 5
Rub ber 191,4 Wolverines 4S&
£ h £ S x£,r Ohl ° 6s — 121 ISt P C & P lsts...HSH
£ f £mn£& TS....13H4 St.P C & P 5s......l70i 4
9u & 68.123 So Pacific 4s 85>i
Chgo Terminal 4s.. y5^!So Railway 6s.. ....114
Colo Southern 4s... 85^4 1 Stand R & T 6s... 63,
D & R G 4s ioi . Tex & Pac lsts...*.116»i
g r 'f General 4s.... S3% Tex & Pac 2ds 98
£ -M D c l»ts...'80»4 Union Pacific 4s... 106H
Gen Electric 5s.. ..159^ Wabash lsts U9&
f°^ a^9 entral Ists..ll6»a Wabash 2ds .109V,
i J * Wi 11 4s 101 West Shore 4s. .....115
M £ £,7 2ds ------ SO'ijWis Cent 4s..;..... 87%
M K & T 4s 98 J Va Centuries ...... 96
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California. 6s
4d; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s Id; No. 1,
Northern spring. 6s 3V4d.
Futures, steady: March. Go l*id: Mar, 6s lXd.
CORN— Spot. American mixed new. steady, 3s
l'*d: American mixed old, quiet. 4s.
Futures, quiet; January, 3s lid; March, 3s
10v;d; May. 3s 9%d.
LONDON. i.JaiT 23.— Consols. 96%: silver,"
2S\id; French rentes. 102f 7^c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 30s 3d: cargoes Walla Walla. 29s
6d:' English country* markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 29.— Wheat, quiet: No. • 1
standard California. 6s 4d; wheat. in Paris,
weak: flour in Paris, weak; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather In England,
fine but cold.
COTTON— Vplands. 3 15-?2s.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND. Jan. 29.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
56c; bluestem, ; E3c. • » -¦ ...
OREGON.
TACOMA. Jan. W.— Wheat steady and firm.
Bluestem, JSci.club, tic.
WASHINGTON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 23.— Clearings. J23S.
113; balances, J31,tC0.
Portland's Business.
' LONDON. Jan. 29.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day were 13,700 bales. New
South Walen new clip fn-easy wa« in good de
mand for the home trade, the Continent and
America. The bulk of the crossbreds offered
went to the home trade. Most of the Cape of
Good Hop«. and Natal stocks put forward were
withdrawn.
London Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 23.— The wocl market here
continues quiet, with prices practically un
changed. The sales have been to manufactur
ers, who require the wool for immediate use
and only to fill present demands. There seems
to be no prospect at present for a higher mar
ket. Territory wools continue to haad the list
in sales. ' ' ¦ - *
Territory wool, scoured basis— Montana and
Wyoming, fine medium and fine. 15016;;
scoured. 46(Sf47c: staple. 48ff30c. Utah— Fine
medium -and fine. 13® 16c: j scoured, 46® 47c:
staple. 4S@£0c. Idaho — Fine medium and fine,
14V4igl5c: scoured. 46f?47c; staple, 4S©50c.
Australian- wools— Scoured basis, spot prices,
combing superfine, 73@75c; good, 676"0c; aver
age. 64@<77c.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Jan 29.— While not exhibiting
particular activity, . the local market for tin
ruled weak all day as the result of disappoint
ing . advices from London, where prices were
£1 lower at £122. The close here was weak
and 3*H points lower at $26 C2H-
In the absence of demand the local copp»r
market on the whole was a nominal one. being
unchanged at J17 for Luke and J16 62H for
casting. Lead was flow but steady at J4 37V4.
Spelter, weak at $4@4 10. Plglron, quiet,
steady, unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000. Sheep weak to 10c
lower; lambs, lO<5M5c lower. Good to choice
wethers. $3 65@4 fiO: fair to choice mixed, $3 45
©3 75; Western sheep, $3 73'54 40: Texas sheep,
J2 C0®3 50: native lambs, $4 25@5 40; Western
lambs, $5@5 S5.
CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts. 5500.
including 10CO Texans. Steers steady. Texang
steady to strong. Good to prime steers, $3 lOW
6; poor to. medium, $3 40STE: stockers' and feed
ers, strong, active, $2 S5@4 60; cows, $2 65@4 10;
heifers, $2 70iij4 40; canners, $1 90®2 60; bulls
steady, $2 6004 35; calves strong. $1@5 75: Texas
steers. $4® 4 SO: Texas grass steers, $3 30@4; do
bulls. *2 CCHT13 75.- . '
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18,000; to-morrow,
32.0CO; estimated left over, 20CO. Strong, aver
age 6c higher, top, $5 40: mixed and butcl*rs'.
$5 15^5 40; good to choice heavy, $5 S0@5 40:
rough heavy. $5 15@5 25; light, $5 15@5 35; bullc
of sales, $5 30^5 25. •
Chicago Livestock Market.
; r ' ¦•;"' ' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Feb. Mar. May.
Opening ..............;.... 6 1H 6 1%
Closing ...; .... 6 i«j 6 1$4
' ' ¦ ... PARIS. .
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening. '...;..... 18 80 19 75
Closing IS 85 19 "5
' Flour-
Opening". ...j 24 15 25 25
Closing ;... ....24 05 25 23
granulated, 6.65c; confectioners' A, 5.59c; off
A. 6.49c. CloVer. contract grade. $11(811 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,- barrels- 23 000 24,000
Wheat, bushels 63 0CO 98.000
Corn, bushels 515,000 193,000
Oats, bushels- 431000 251.000
Rye, bushels 2 000 : '-, 8 . 0CO
Barley, -bushels-. 76,000- ' 3. OOP
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery. 14S20c: dairy, 11 Vi
«E18c. - Cheese, quiet, 10Vi©ll?ic. Eggs, dull:
fresh, 18c.
FOH TUESDAY. JANUARY 29.
Wheat, ctls .. 7.170 Flour, qr sks LSOS
Barley, ctls 97F P«lts. bdls 120
Oats, East., ctls. 4.WV Hides. No 3S1
B»ans. sks W Wool, bales 2
Potatoes, sks 6.401 Tallow, ctls 222
Corn ctls W Quicksilver, flsks 53
Onions, sks 23!I>»ather. rolls 149
Bran sks BOOjWlne, irals 91.l»X>
Hay. tons 537ILlme. bbla 132
Straw, tons 3S* -
Receipts of Produce.
Ll'MBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary »!»«. $16*117; extra size*, hlirher: Red
wood. • $17S?1S for No. r and Jli§>19 for Xo. J;
I>ath. 4 feet. $3 50flJ»; Pickets. $18; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$.11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. W32t.
Crushed. 6.23c; Powdered, 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, o.SGc: Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.7">c; Magnolia A. 5.35c: Extra C.
5.Kc; Golden C. 5.1.V?: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 5Cc more; 50-lb bags..
10c more. >?o orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. : Domlnos. half-bar
rels. C.'Oc; boxes, G.73c per lb.
RED AND WHITE? LEAH— Red Lead. 7'i«?
7?ic r>er lb; White Lead, 7©7?ic, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER-$47 EOifriSaO per flask for lo
cal use f.nd ?43 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND' BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil, in bulk. 13c: Pearl Oil.
oases. 19c; Artral. 19c; Star. 13c; Extra Star.
23c; Elaine.. 24c: Eocene, 21c; Deodorized Stove
Gascllne. in bulk. 14Hc: cases. 20Hc; Benzine,
bulk, 13%c; cases. 19Hc; S6-.iegree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c; caFes. 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 61c per gallon in cases and
53c In drums or -iron barrels.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— lZ6lic nominal for
prime washed, ll@12V4c nominal for good
washed, 12813c for good to prime washed pea
berry, llgliyic nominal for good to prime pea
berry, 10>i®12o for good to prime, 9VjS10c nom
inal for good current mixed with black beans.
9®10c nominal for fair. 6@7%c nominal for
common to ordinary. Salvador— 10%©13c for
good to prime washed, 9 l @10Uc for fair washed,
ll©12',ic for good to prime washed peaberry. 9H
@'J*ic for good to prime semi-washed. 9@3 l ic
for superior unwashed. &%<QS*tC for good green
unwashed, 10@10?ic lor good to superior un
washed peaberry v - 6@7Hc for common to ordi
nary. Nicaragua — 13@16c nominal for prime to
fancy washed, lC«8'12c nominal for fair to
strictly gocd washed, 8^4®9c nominal for good
to Bur>erlor unwashed. lOglDHo nominal for
goo.l to prime unwashed pecberry- Guatemala
and Mexican— 13©lt5%c for prime to fancy
washed. 11© 12c for strictly good washed. 10^i®
10»ic for good washed. 9 1 i'S'10c for walr washed.
£H©Ec for medium, 6(57%c for Inferior to or
dinary, lliS13c for good to prime washed pea
berry. 10f?10*ic nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. SViS'^Uc nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2SS33C per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26S3Cc; Sols Leather, light.
:0<t?2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27«2Sc; P.ough
Leather, light. 25(g2i5c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32Ji"3Sc: Harnms Leather. medium. 30-®37c:
Harness Leather, light. 29@3.>c; CoHar L#ath<r,
i5@16c per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40<?30c p»r lb;
Veal, finished. SCfTooc: Calf, finished. 7'cgJl 20;
Sides, finished. lC@17c per foot: Delt Knife
Splits. 14®lfic; Rough Splits. S«10c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground,' J26@23 per ton; Stick.
$1S!52O per cord.
OILS— Still another advance In t,!nseed is
noted. California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. Jl 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
76c: raw. 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 69c p*r
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 70c; cases. 75c:
China Nut. 5Sfi5»1c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil barrels, tec; cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 63c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 37HflJ2VsC per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 35c: cases. 40c.
CORDAGE — The local cordaie company
quotes bs follows: Pure Manila. 12'ic per lb;
Sisal Sizes and bale roi>e. Sc; Duplex, ic.
Terms, 60 days or 1H per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per !b, 4'Jic;
cases, £*4c; do, extra large, 5%c; do. East
ern style, o^c; Boneless, 6%e: Norway, 6*ie;
Narrow Gaug«, 6%c; Silver King. 7Vic; blocks.
Oriental, 5%c; do. Seabrlght, 6%c; Tablets.
7%c; Middles, 6%e; do. White Seal, ihic: Fancy
Boneless, Sc; do, 2-lb boxes. 7c: Desiccated,
per dozen. 75c: Pickled Cod. barrels, each.
»7 50; do, half barrels, J4 £0.
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. J!»; Seattle,- $7; Bryant. J7; Goes
Bay, $3 60; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative WalU
end. J!>; Cumberland. $12 In built and J13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11: Can
nel. JIG per ton; Coke, il-5 per ton in bulk and
J1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. SS -«5
per 2000 lbs and $3 iO per ton. according to
brand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In IVi-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 30; Cherries, t!
for black and 12 for Royal Anne; Grapes. Jl 33:
Peaches, $1 63@1 75; Pears, $1 S3; Plums, $1 ZZ®
1 40; Quinces, }1 65; Strawberries. $1 73.
BAGS— San- Quentln Bags. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6?ic; Wool Cags,
3CS32^c; Fleece Twine, 7!4e.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5"i®6c for small and h'-a®
6c for medium and S^S^ic for large; stock
Hogs and feeders, 3Vi@5 : ,ic: dressed Hogs, ~\i
<59c. .
LAMB— 10J?Ilc per lb: ppring. 12',-ic per lb.
All descriptions are about as before quoted.
The high prices continue to check the demand,
and economy In meat is the order of the day
In the household. Supplies continue light.
BEEF— 7CTSc for Steers and 6®7V4c per lb
for Cows.
. VEAL— Large, "QSc; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— .Wethers, 9H@lCc; Ewes. 9®94c
per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
9c; Middle County, 9©10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10© lie; Southern Mountain, TH'SSVie;
Humboldt and Mendoclno,' ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
•Wool and Hops have not varied for weeks, for
the reason that there Is not demand enough t»
cause them to vary. Prices are unchanged.
Hides are dull at previous prices, with plenty
of stock here/There is no change In Tallow. -
HIDES j AND SKINS4Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9V4c; -medium, 9c; light, -8©8Hc; • Cow Hides.
8V4c for heavy and 8!g8Vic for light; 8tagn, 6@
CHc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, -9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 15Hc; Culls, 13^c; dry
Kip. 15c; . Pry Calf. 16<Irl~c ; culls and brands,
14c ; Sheepskins, shearlings, , !0<fJ30e each ; - short
Wool. 30(g55e each; medium, 60®75c: long Wool.
75c® $1 each; -Horse Hides,' salt, $2 60©2 75 for
large and *2@2 25 for medium.. J101 25 for small
and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $i 73 for
large, $1 50 for medlum.'Jl 25for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium sklna, 30o;;Wlnter or thin skins,
20c. G6atskln«— Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth, - 50c ; medium, : C5c.
TALLOW— No. I rendered, 4Vi®4Hc per lb;
No.' 2 *S".c: grease. 2(g2V4c. -. ;
-; WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable : as follows:
North'ern, free, 13@16c: Northern, defective.. 12@
14c; Middle County, free. lStflfic; Middle Coun
ty, ' defective. 12@14c; - Southern Mountain. ; 12
months',; 9®10c; Southern Mountain, <- free, .. 7
months', ll@12c;: Southern- Mountain, defective,
7 months' , 9@llc ; ¦ Humbold t and Meridoclno, - 16
@17c: Nevada. 13® 16c per > \b. y *SQ&>iiffitigX&n&t*!
¦Fall Clip— San Joaquln, CVa3?8c; do lambs, 8®
Hides. Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
CURED ¦ MEATS— Bacon, ll@HHCi per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c for light medium. 12%f?13c for
light, 13'4@14c for extra light and 15@15%c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
12c; -Mess Beef. J12 per barrel; extra Mess. $13;
Family. $14: extra Prime Pork, $15915 60; extra
clear. J19 50<ff20; Mess, J17;' Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
• LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H@GSie per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUc: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%e.
COTTOLENE — One ¦ half-barrel,' SUc; three
halt-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7T»c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb. • •»;•:-
The demand for cured meats Is not brisk, but
stocks are moderate and prices are firm. .
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8<g;l0c, per- lb for Italian:
hardshell. lCc: No. 2. 7>4c: Almonds. 12®13c for
papershell. SQ'llc for" softshell; Peanuts. 5?f6o
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, -13c; Filberts, 13c;
Pecans. ll@13c : Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14Hc for bright and 12«4
<?13cfor light amber: water white extracted.
7}i(f?Sc; light amber extracted, 6^4® 7c; dark,
6©6%c per -lb.
EEES\VAX-24®!Cc per lb.
RAISIN'S— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, - lie;
standard. 10c: prime, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9Uc; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific- brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5Hc. ' London Layers. 2-crown, $1 50
per box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy Clusters, J2;
Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial.: J3. All prices f. o. b.
nt common shipping points In California.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
S0-40S, 7c; 40-50s, 6%c; C0-60s. 414c; 60-70s, 3%c;
70-SOs, 3Uc; S0(590s, 3%c;,90- :00s, 2Hc; 100-120S,
H4c; rubles, He premium; Sonomas. He and
San Joaquins. V t c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 60?8c for Royals and lOayiO^c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, -. 4#5',4c; sun-dried,
lV4@2$ic; Peaches, 4@5c for standard, 5@6c for
choice and 6M:@7c for fancy: Pears. 2®7c:
Plump, pitted. 5©6%c: unpltted. KSlVic; Nec
tarines. 5<^5%c for red and 5%@6c for white.
The market for everything under this head
is as fiat as .a pancake, there being no de
mand. Quotations are largely nominal. The
quotations for the Pacific brand of Raisins will
be found below. . . . .-< .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Nax-el Oranges. $1@2: Seed
lings. 53c<gjl Tangerines, ~5c@|l 60; Mandarins,
75c@$l; Lemons, 25c@Jl 25. for common and Jl 50
02 for good to choice; Grape Fruit. Jl@2: Mex
ican Limes, $4 50#5; California Limes, 25S35c:
Bananas. 50c@$l 50 per bunch ; Pineapples, 75c©
$2 per dozen. • - ¦ : .
APPLES — 33®65c per box for common. 75c@
fl 50 for good to choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
PEARS— 65c$?$l DO per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconslns, $13 50 per bar
rel.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
The demand for Pears Is not very brisk.
Fancy Apples continue firm at tho recently
Improved prices.
Seven cars ef Oranges will be offered at to
day's auction. The market continues well
stocked with Oranges, Lemons and Limes, and
the cool . weather is against trade. There are
still plenty of Bananas hanging around.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
.Storage— California fancy.—: — : standard, — ¦ — .
Eastern fancy, ; standard, — — ; seconds.
Prices for Butter, Cheese and Eggs remained
unchanged on the Dairy . Exchange. The sit
uation in Butter stands - the same. Extra
Creameries are taking care of themselves, but
the cheap grades are weak, with signs of ac
cumulating. There are no outside orders worth
talking about on the market."
Receipts of Eggs were larger than for several
month*, and the market was quoted easy.
Cheese was also weak. .
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 47,300 pounds Butter, 923 cases California
Eggs, cases Ea3tern Eggs. 339t pounds
California Cheese and pound3 Eastern
Cheese. - •
BUTTER— . ,. •
Creamery— Extras, 20c;, firsts, 18c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras,- 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie. . •
Storage— Creamery extras, ; fir3ts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras. .
Pickle, - — per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE:— Fancy, full cream, llHc: choice.
10c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 12c;
EftFtern, full cream, 15@16'ic per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch — Selected white, 27c; mixed
colon",' 25c per dozen. •
California gathered — Selected, 24c; standard,
23c; seconds, .
, Freoh Eastern— Fancy, .— =— ; standard, ;
seconds. . .'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression in Poultry still continues.
There Is a large stock of both Eastern and
California on hand, and It la hard to work
off, even at the low prices. Two more cars of
Kastern cam* in yesterday, making six thus
far th's week. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lCiJJllc for Gob
blers and 11S13C for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
U!f?15c: Geeee, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings,
$t 73<S2; Ducks, tidio for old and $3@6 50 for
younjr: Hens. $3 SO®* Mr Younsr Roosters, $4 50
<S5; Old Roosters. $3 50®4; Fryers. Jl 5OS5;
Frollers. |4g4 60 for large and J3@3 50 for
rmall: Pigeons. JlC7123per dozen for old and
$2 f.0<f?2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, tl&l 25 for Valley and it for
Mountain; Msllard, $2 «O(g3 50: Canvat=back. J2
«4: Sprig, 52-32 30; Teal. $1 2:>@1 50; Widjeon.
?1 25; Small Duck, $1; Black Jack, Jl 25: Gray
Ccese. $3: Whit- Geese. $1 25; Brant. $1 2VS1 SO
f.^r small and. $2 for large: Honkers. $3«4 50;
FrxrliFh Snipe. ?2: Ja<-k Snipe, *l 2o@l £0; Hare.
$l(gl 23: Rabbits. Jl 25fffl 50 fcr Cottontail and
$1 for Brush; Doves. 63@75c per dozen.
Receipts of Game fell oft 50 per cent, but
the d°mand also fell off sharply and the mar
ket continued dull and weak.
Poultry and Game.
Tomatoes from the south are in heavy supply
or.d lower and are showing the effects of the
recent freeze. "Otherwise there Is little new
in vegetables. Mexican Tomatoes came in and
were* held at $202 25 per crate, and Chile Pep
pers from Mexico were quoted at 15@20c per
pound.
POTATOES — Early Rose 65<fI75c: Burbanks.
35J?50c for River and S5c@$l 10 per ctl for
Salinas and G5@90c for Oregon: Garnet Chiles,
from Oregon, 63@S0c; Sweets, $1@1 03 for
Merced. ,. „
ONIONS— $1 J0S2 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1 Zo
per ctl. '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, ; Asparagus,
from Sacramento. lf,<s?25c per lb; Green Peas,
4Ji6c per lb: String Beans, 8igi0s; Cabbage, 90c:
Tomatoes, Los Anseles. 75cO*l 50 per crate;
Kgg Plant, Los Angeles, 12>4@20c per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, 10@J2He per lb for Chile
nnd Joe for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@llc; Dry
Okra, lC®15c per lb; Carrots. 25(833c per box:
Hothouse Cucumbers. $101 50 per dozen: Sum
mer Squash, Jl 60®2 per box: Garlic. 3@4c per
lbj Marrowfat Squash; $12S20 per ton; Mush
rooms, 6@15c per lb.
Receipts of Potatoes have .been excessive
during the past two, days, and the market Is
weak, except for River Burbanks. which are
firm. Sweet .Potatoes are. doing slightly bet
ter again. Onions are easy and unchanged.
On the. 7th of February, the Government will
open bids for more white beans, and this
demand keeps the" market very firm. ' Other
wise the market Is quiet and unchanged all
around. '
BEANS — Bayos, $2 SfKQi 75: Small White.
$1 60<f?4 90; Large White. *J@4 23; Pink, $2 15®
t S5: 'Red. W 25ti3 50; Blackeye. $3@3 23; Llmas
$3 60<&5 70: Pea. cleaned up and- nominal; Red
Kidney. $3 75© 4 per ctl. ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; S>llow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. J2 50@3: Canary. 3«®
3*<c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7^S9 1 2c: Rape. 2@
21-rC: Hemp. 3>4«?33ic; Timothy. 6V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2(S2 £0; Green, $2 ..0
©3 r>er ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Wheat and Oat. ' $10012 SO; Oat ' WUEJ;
Clover/nominal; Alfalfa, |S@9 60; Barley. $7 50
fill £0 i>er ton.
STRAW— 35® 47%c per bale. .
THE SASST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
¦:Cash quotations were -as; follows: t Flour, dull
and easy: 1 No. 3 spring- wheat, ?6£<Jf71%e; No.; 2
red. 75>,i®76%c: No. 2 corn,.37%c: No. 2 yellow,
37y*c: No. 2 oats. 24%c; No. 3>whlte. 26%@27Vic;
No. 2 rye, 51@a2c ; fair, to choice malting bar
ley, 49@59c;.No.U flaxseed. S1.73Vi@l 74: No.l
Northwestern. $1 74; prime. timothy .seed, tt 65:
mess pork, per bbl, J13 90014; lard, -per 100 lbs,
i7 4C®7 6"',i; ¦ short : ribs • sides (loose), $7@7 20:
dry salted ' shoulders (boxed), i, eVi^He; short
clear sides (boxed). ~ $7 25@7 35; whisky, . basin
of high wines," Jl 27/- Sugars^-Cut. loaf, 6.20c;
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
STOCKS.
.•\etna
Itenr Flas
Hieck Jack
Buckhorn
Ifur'.lsgton
California Standard ....
California Oil & Gas
Central Point t ..
Tuur
Hanford.' Fresno. Kern
Hcme
Homes tak»
Independence
Junction
Kern
K*rn Rhvr
Uon Oil Co
Los Angeles O & T Co..
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Monte Cr^sto •.
Occidental t of West Va.
Oil City Petroleum
I'etroleum Center
I?ced Crude
Pittsburg
Peerless
Queen Esther
Senator
San Frnnclso & McKUt
San Joaquin O & D Co..
Shamrock
Sterling O & D Co
Twenty-Eight
Thirty-Three Oil Co ,
Westlake
Wolverine
Ycukon
•e:
i
El
...
3* I
47
11
37
j 1 10
55
4 10
IS
90
1123
IS 12H
3 50
II
2*>
| «3 30
is
f <•>
8 25
2 CO
t 50
12STH
80
3 X,
2 25
12 75
23
1 C4
63
45
145
ISO
15
3S
2 CO
2 So
Z%
4 15
10 SA
n
11 ST'i
13 00
" >
S3
2 45
7S
S3 CO
24
63
8Ci
50
2 30
2 CO
S3
s:o
5 34
14 *O
u
1 (!">
- 57
STOCKS.
.•\etna
Itenr Flas
Hieck Jack
Buckhorn
Ifur'.lsgton
California Standard ....
California Oil & Gas
Central Point t ..
Tuur
Hanford.' Fresno. Kern
Hcme
Homes tak»
Independence
Junction
Kern
K*rn Rhvr
Uon Oil Co
Los Angeles O & T Co..
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Monte Cr^sto •.
Occidental t of West Va.
Oil City Petroleum
I'etroleum Center
I?ced Crude
Pittsburg
Peerless
Queen Esther
Senator
San Frnnclso & McKUt
San Joaquin O & D Co..
Shamrock
Sterling O & D Co
Twenty-Eight
Thirty-Three Oil Co ,
Westlake
Wolverine
Ycukon
•e:
i
El
...
3* I
47
11
37
j 1 10
55
4 10
IS
90
1123
IS 12H
3 50
II
2*>
| «3 30
is
f <•>
8 25
2 CO
t 50
12STH
80
3 X,
2 25
12 75
23
1 C4
63
45
145
ISO
15
3S
2 CO
2 So
Z%
4 15
10 SA
n
11 ST'i
13 00
" >
S3
2 45
7S
S3 CO
24
63
8Ci
50
2 30
2 CO
S3
s:o
5 34
14 *O
u
1 (!">
- 57
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL flUCTION SALE
PALACE LIVERY STABLE.
•• ¦ 112 New Montgomery St..
THURSDAY. JANUARY 31 AT 11 A. M.
On account of the telephone company having
purchased the entire bl.>ck for their now build-
Ings I am compelled to offer at auction th«
contents of my. entire stable, consisting of
hoists, buggies. »urre>-3, rockaways. wagons.
harness, robes, etc. Also two good hacka.
This stock was recently purchased by me. Just
prior to tha sale of the property, and la In first-
class condition. Xo reserve or limit.
ED KOHIFVS. Proprietor.
SULLIVAN' & DOYLK.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Oface 327 Sixth St.. S. F.
Greenland exports oil of seals and
whales. fo3t. seal and reindeer skins, eider-/
down, feathers and crysollte. Iu chief
trade is with Denmark.
Jennv Llr.d's letters to a -woman frteml
llvlnir in Italy from 1345 to 1347 will soon
be published by an Italian firm. The let-
ters It is reported, number over a huu-
dred' and give the prima. donna's outspok-
en and unconventional opinions about the
music and many of tno musicians of her
time.DULUTH, Minn., Jan. 29.— Papers were
filed at St. Paul to-day In a suit of th« ut
most importance not aloha on account of
the amount of money in\'olved but because
of some scientific revelations that will be
made when It comes to trial. The suit la
brought by H. W. Pearson of this city
against J. J. Hill and the Great Northern
to recover $1,500,000. Tbe "«oal lands in
Montana Involved are claimed to be worth
$14,000,000. They are held by Hill interests,
and it is alleged were taken after discov
ery by Pearson under a contract by which
Pearson was to have a share in the prof
its. But it ie the elucidation of a new geo
logical theory which overturns previous
theories that gives the suit its Chief Im
portance.
Pearson, after twenty years' study,
evolved the Floodwood theory o"f the
formation of coal beds. He has tested
this theory all over the; world, and while
keeping It secret has by Its use discovered
new coal areas, notably the Stockett
mines in Montana and areas on the Pa
cific Coast. He asserts that the Hill in
terests secured thousands of acres under
his direction and are now mining 1600 tona
daily. For a share of this. prom, he now
sues. . ' ¦ • .
Scientific .Revdations the
'Basis of a Big •
ASKS RECOGNITION
OF HIS LEARNING
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS,
JEALOUSY CAUSED IT.— William Scott
(colored) was held to answer before Ihe Su
perior Court by Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a
zharge of assault with a deadly weapon for
A THIEVING CHINESE.— Ah Lin*, a serv
ant In the Hotel Stewart, 1101 Tine street, was
arrested yesterday by Detectives DInan and
Wren and -will be booked on a charge "of grand
larceny. He is accused of stealing a valuable
diamond ring from the room of Mrs. Leon
Garcet. .
CARL SUNDQUIST & CO. INSOLVENT.—
Carl Sundqulst and Andrew Soderberg. as In
dividuals and as members of the firm of Carl
Bundguist A Co. of this city, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. They owe 1270$ 51 and have $1227
assets. •
KICKED ON THE FOOT BY A HORSE.—
Bob Atwood, an employe of - the Telephone
Company, had his right foot dressed at the
Emergency ' Hospital yesterday. Tho Injury
was .caused by a horse's kick.- The vicious
brute broke several of the small bones In the
foot. • • , .. .
TOM THOMPSON LET GO.— On motion of
Assistant United States Attorney Banning yea
tcrd&y the case of Tom Thompson of' Mendo
clno County, charged with .selling liquor to
Indians, was dismissed.
Final Action Postponed.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— The special
House* committee on the St. Louis
tion has postponed final action on the bill
to appropriate $5,000,000 for the exposition
until Friday, by which time it is expected
the Secretary of the Treasury will have
been able to certify officially to the fact
the citizens of St. Louis have raised $10.
000,000, which was to be a condition prece
dent to the appropriation of the $5,000,000
by Congress. ;•;;/:
OAKLAND, Jan. 29. The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: B. Semlno of Oak
land, aged 39, to marry Pauline Grondona
of Oakland, aged 28: R- L. Campbell ot
San Francisco, aged 28, to marry Mary K
Stokes of San Francisco, aged 2S: Arthur
P. Deacon of Oakland, aged 25, to marry
Louise J. Ward of Oakland,- aged 22.
Licensed to Wed.
The town talk Jus't now is the great
challenge sale at the Pattoslen Co. No
one dared to take »up the challenge. This
practically leaves the Pattosien Co. alono
in the field ns ilx? low price house In high
grade furniture. Corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. . •
The Town Talk.
PATROLMAN J. J. McSHANE is of
the opinion that he is lucky to be
alive. Annie Bouley, who weighs
about 160 pounds, fell a distance
of fully thirty feet early yes
terday morning and landed upon his head
and shoulders. The Impact threw him to
the sidewalk. He Involuntarily sav^d the
woman from serious injury. She is In the
Receiving Hospital under treatment for
a contusion of the back. McShane '.'feels
sore all over," hut i? still able to attend
to his duties as patrolman. He begs to
be excused, however, from in future be
ing called upon to serve as a "pillow" to
save erratic females who decide upon
taking the tire escape as the quickest anl
easiest way of reaching the street.
Patrolmen McShane and Prowse were
standing at the corner of Pine and
Kearny streets about 3:40 o'clock yester
day mornlngr, when their attention was
attracted by a woman's cries for assist
ance. Looking up Pino street they saw a
woman in her nishtrobe on the, fire es
cape in front of the Gailhard Hotel. A
man was holding her by her garment*
and endeavoring to get her batk to
aij open window on the second floor.
Prowse ran into the hotel to reach tha
struggling pair, while. McShano stood un
derneath the ladder to await develoo
ments. The "developments" came quicker
than McShane expected. The man sud
denly released his hold of the woman;
she took a flying leap from the fire escape
and landed on top of McShane's head.
McShane quickly picked himself up from
the sidewalk and found that he was still
bodily sound, although feeling as If struck
by an electric can The woman was lyinj?
in a heap and moaning heavily. McShar.o
raised her up and carried her into the no.
tel office Just as Prowse came down the
Btalrs with the man who had been on the
fire escape with" her. The patrol watron
was summoned and the party proceeded
to the Receiving: Hospital. An examina
tion of the woman showed t_hat she had
escaped serious injury. McSnane havinij
broken the force of her fall.
The injured woman said she had been
I living with Ernest J. Kreoper. a lock
i smith but an idler. She told him Monday
I night that she was goine to leave him.
I He then took a satchel containing- $5W in
coin and $300 worth of jewelry belonging
• to her. she alleged. He was the man who
t had tried to hold her when she sprang
I on the fire escape. • This dangerous
I move was caused through her mind being
j affected fit the thought of leavinc Krep
| per, she said.
; KYepper denied having- taken the satchel
I and said the woman threw it to .he side
walk just before she fell on the police
i man. She showed signs of insanity in
Portland some time ago, he said, and had
been retting worse" since. . •
The policemen saw no satchel .and Krep
per was locked up pending an Investlga
i tlon.
cutting Belle N'aylor. 231 Montgomery avenue,
his duoky nweetheart, deveral times with a
penknife durlnp a fit of Jealousy.
ANTQNE ' DIERKS MISSING.- — Antone
Pierks of IIS Fifth street was reported yester
day at the Coroner's office as missing since
<>arly last Monday morning. Until recently he
had b*en employed as cook at thp Park Hotel,
on Turk street, and had frequently threatened
to commit suicide and was ullshtly demented.
PETTY SMUGGLERS ESCAPE.— the Fed
eral Grand Jury has returned a partial report
to United States District Judge De Haven. The
charges of smuggling preferred- abnlnst Kd
ward Ntce.y and William Wyman were ignored
because of the small value of • the property
smug-ftied. M. S. Morli. a Japanese, who tried
to bribe Immigrant Inspector Schell, on Jan
uary 2, was indicted for perjury.
POLICEMAN, PEACEFULLY PATROLLING HIS BEAT, IS STARTLED AND ALMOST CRUSHED TO EARTH
BY THE SUBSTANTIAL BODY OF A LIVING WOMAN, WHO DROPS FROM A FIRE ESCAPE ON TO WHICH
IN DELIRIUM SHE HAD SPRUNG.
PAROUX COLLIDES WITH
A POLICEMAN'S FIST
Sacramento Poolroom Proprietor
Looks Into the Muzzle of
a Revolver.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 23— Sporting clr
r'.ps ar«* pxcit<=wl to-night by an incident
which recurred at about dusk. Police
Officer John Logue entered the poolroom
eptablishm*»nt controlled by Daroui.
Cavanaugh & Ross, across the alley from
the rear of the Postofflce ruildlng, and
was jocularly treated by the attendants.
Ho walked up and down the crowded
Ftr^et and presently caught up with
Darcux. to whom he made some remark
about the poolrooms in a light vein. Da
rour did n^t take It in the same spirit.
end. according to the police officer's ver-
Bion, cabled Logue a vile name.
Loipue immediately let out with his
rirht. th<» blow scraping one Bide of Da
rnux'F face. Logue fays that Daroux
reajrh*"d <nr his pistol, whereupon the of
ficer brought out h'.s own weapon, cov
rred the poo'.room man and then spoke
his mind to him.
r>aroux. on the other hand, declares
that he did 'not attempt to draw a pistol,
but placed his hand to his abdomen to
protect a ppot where h* has an internal
weakness. There were no arrests.
«. : —
Monument to Soldiers.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The House
ComsrJttoe on Military Affairs acted fa
vorably on Y.iU« providing that .the time
of nn officer" n W-avo of absence shall date
frnm arrival in the T'nlted States and not
from the time th<> l^ave is granted, and
authorizing a monument commemorating
th«* Indian battlf- of Massacre Hill in
Wyoming, in which several hundred
troops lo?t their llvon.
Postmasters Commissioned, Pensions
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Granted and Patents Issued.
WASHINGTON, Jan. *).-Postmaster
commissionea: Washington— John W.
Blackburn,. Ridgefleld.
Pensions issued to-day: California—In
crease: Emanuel Francisco, San Fran
cisco $10. Original widows: Melvlna J.
Kise. Riverside. $12: Lillle M. Town, Los
\ngeles, $5. Mexican War widows: ilar
garet Russel. Roscville, JS. W'ar with
Spain, original: Charles W. Ruedy, San
Francisco, $17.
Oregon— Original : Nathan L. Cofren
berry. Hubbard. $S; Frederick Meyers,
Laurel, {6. Original widows: Ann C.
Gray, B«r Island, $<«.
Washington— Original: John Orchard,
New Whatcom. $6. Renewal and Increase:
Ipaac N. Harding. Elma. $12. Increase:
Richard Perkins. Soldiers' Home, Orting,
$12: Wilson A. Olds. Medical Lake, $3;
Juhn Hanley. Soldiers' Home, Orting. $12.
Patents issued to-day: California-
Arnold M. Baldwin, Santa Cruz, toe clip; |
'¦ Charles C. Benson. San Diego, combined •
miners' cooking stove, wheelbarrow and
sled: Charles A.Bloni. Orangevale, horse
collar; Thomas K. Borden and A. A. Wal
lace. Minturn, device for teaching arith
metic: Austin J. DavidFon, Douglas City,
buckle; Frank H. Jackson, San Francis
co, end thrust counterbalance for centri
fugal pumps and shafting: Florentine L. j
Kellogg, Santa Barbara, dial for spring I
scales; Ernest Krahenbuhl, San Rafael,
unreliable bottle; Louis F. Miller, San I
Francisco, carbon sheet holder; Henry B. |
Rugples. Redlands, automatic weighing |
machine: William L. Stine. Siml. assignor j
one half to L. Maulhardt, El Rio," tube
cutter and expander; Gerhard L. Thu- j
I nen, Oroville, fruit picker; John S.
Young. Alameda. tank regulator.
Oregon — William C. Campbell and F. H.
Humphrey, Pendleton, freightcar, etc;
James W. 1 tiller. Portland, device for re
moving caps from cans and the like.
Washington — Albert J. Gustaveson, Ta
coma. vulcanizing- tongs; Charles Jasper,
Spokane, current motor; William D.
O'Connor. Arlington, steam trap for j
draining kilns; John H. Redfleld. assignor
¦ one half to C. E. and F. Grutt, Bossburg. •
drill; John .A. Thompson, Seattle, twine
holder; Harry W, Thurlow and J. T. Ep
ler. Seattle, can opener.
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge has been ad
mitted to practice before the Supreme
Court, on motion of ' Solicitor General
Richards.
Representative Newlands gave a dinner
to-night in honor of- Mr. Shortridge and
Colonel George Stone.
GIRL'S STRANGE STORY
OF BEING ABDUCTED
Says She Was Held a Prisoner by
Frlsnda and Kept Hidden In
a Trunk.
TACOMA. Jan. 29.— Annabel Fox, who
disappeared from her home in Everett a
weel: ago, has returned to her parents
with a peculiar abduction story which
was at first difficult to believe. She says
she was kept a prisoner by Fred Wil
liams and his wife, who pretended to be
friends of her parents and who joined in
the search for her when she was mies
ing. She claims to have been kept a
prisoner in their house, spending most of
the timo on the second floor. Whenever
a visitor came into the house she was
put into a large black trunk which was
closed nearly tight. Just enabling her to
breathe. Part of the time she was con
cealed at the hou.se of Mr. Elwell, a
friend cf the Williams*. Annabel claims
that Mtp. Williams is a shoplifter; and
that their purpose was to train her to
become a shoplifter too. She demurred
and finally, on Sunday, was allowed to go
home.
Monday her parents got oui a warrant
for Williams 1 arrest, and yesterday he
was taken into custody. He will have a
hearing latrr in the week. There is much
feeling in E\erett over the affair. Mr
and Mrs. Fox wore greatly alarmed when
Annabel failed to return from a friend's
where they supposed she had gone It
was first throught she had been take'n to
Tacoma or Seattle, but inquiry failed to
secure any trace of her. The girl was
fairly well treated. Food was carried up
to her regularly. *
E2TCOTJRAGING REPOBT
OF GIBSON OIL STRIKE
Product Said to Bu of a Good Quality
and the Well Flowing
Freely.
WOODLAND, Jan. 29.— A. M. Eaton, a
merchant of thi3 city, has returned from
an inspection of the oil strike on the Gib
eon place, west of Arbuckle. The hole in
the hill iw. about as large as an ordinary
barrel. The flow has been checked by the
construction of a temporary levee, which
dams the water above the source of the
oil spring. The present flow is therefore
confined to seepage. The seepage oil is
spread over the surface of the pond for a
half-mile, and even shows on Bear Creek.
There are four tanks op the ground, all of
which are two-thirds full. The flow ot
water and oil was in a three-Inch stream
In the proportion of one part water and
two parts oil. The water and oil were
peparated by means of cocks at the bot
tom of the tanks. ¦ A large tank of 1500
gallons capacity was filled in about thirty
minutes. There is no road to the spring.
The tanks were taken to the top of the
hill and rolled down the incline. Opera
tions are not likely to be resumed until a
road is constructed and sufficient tank ca
pacity for an emergency is provided. Mr.
Eaton brought with him a bottle of the
oil and estimates its commercial value to
be four or five times greater than the
takerBfield oiL
TEXAS MAY OWN
BIG OIL GUSHER
Provisions of. Public School
Act Said to Apply to the
Property. '•
4 '
Investigation Being Made by State
Land Commission to Determine
the Exact Location of
the Well.
Special Dls.natch to The Ca.U
AUSTIN, Tex.. Jan. 29.— The oil from
the great Lucas gusher, near Beaumont,
may become the property of the State
of Texas. State Land Commissioner
Charles Rogan to-day discovered that the
public free school land act. passed by the
State Legislature in 18S3. contains a pro
vision that all oils and minerals found on
school lands on and after the date of the
passage of that law shall belong to the
State At the date of the passage of that
act rcarlv all the land in that section of
FaVTexas which is embraced In the new
oil neld belonged to the school fund and
v, a( . «i *ioo b^t?n sold.
It to not yet definitely known whether
the I ucas pusher is situated on land that
formertv belonged to the school fund and
has been sold since the passage of the act
of 1SS3. An Investigation with the view of
determining this fact Is now In progress,
•inri if it is found that the Lucas well Is
«tate property steps may be taken to give
the owners thereof relief after the State
ha** received its proper remuneration for
the oil. The discovery that a big portion
of the prospective oil lands of East Texas
formerly belonged to the school fund and
has been s=o!d since the passage of the act
of 1*S3 may have a depressing effect on
the oil development work in that region
unless the provision embraced in that- act
which gives to the State all oil discovered
on s=uch lands is repealed without delay.
The matter will be at once called to the
attention of the Legislature, which is now
in session.
The State still owns large tracts of land
in the prospective oil region of East Tex
as and the State Land. Omee is being
overwhelmed with applications from par
ties who desire to purchase or lease BUch
lands. • The applications are being acted
upon as rapidly as possible.
The charter of the Beaumont Geyser Oil
Company of Beaumont, with a capital
ptock of* $1,000,000. was filed in the Secre
tary of State's office to-day. The purpose
of the company is to construct and oper
ate oil and gas pipelines., storage tanks,
etc. The incorporators are W. S. Goodell
and W. W. Slocum of Des Moines, Iowa;
T. M. Richardson of Oklahoma City, O.
T.; F. W. Smith of Houston and L. \V.
Campbell of Waco. .
SOCIETY MEETS
DIPLOMAT'S WIFE
Wood Reception at Occiden
tal Hotel in Honor of
' * fiirs. jjuck..
Wife of United States Minister to
Japan Greeted by Society Upon
the Eve of Her De-
Mrs. Alfred E. Buck, wife of the United
States Minister to Japan, was the guest
of honor at a reception given -yesterday
afternoon by Mrs. Oliver Ellsworth \Vood
In the parlors of the Occidental Hotel.
The affair was most delightful and the
army and navy, the Country Club and
the exclusive social -circles were well rep
resented among the guests who greeted
the distinguished strangers. The hotel
parlor was tastefully decorated for the
occasion, the golden acacia striking the
color scheme for Ihe floral decorations.
Mrs. Wood received her guests, assisted
by Mrs«. Henri' Ellsworth Wood of Den
ver. The hours of the reception were from
4 till 6. and during that time one hundred
and fifty ladles met the lady from the
Orient. Mr. and Mrs. Buck leave on Sat
urday for a three months' Eastern visit,
after which they will return to Japan.
Among those present at the reception
were
Miss Rawles. Mrs. Slerly, Miss Sierly,
Miss Lang, Miss Mabel Symraes. Mrs.
Charles Hobbs, Mrs. Sedgwick Pratt. Mrs.
W. F. McNutt, Miss Ruth McNutt, Mrs.
McMurtrie. Mrs. J. Douglas Fry, Mrs. F.
G. Sanborn. Mrs. John Stafford, Mrs. M.
C. Foote, Mrs. M. P. Maus.«Mrs. Charles
Bentzoin. Miss McClure, Mrs. Hale,. Mrs.
Sydney North, Mrs." Boyle, Mrs. .Beers,
Mrs. Schultz, Mrs. Potter, Miss Laura
Lee. Miss Eelle Lee. Mrs. A. B. Baldwin.
Miss Baldwins Miss Bertha Goodrich.
Mrs. A. T. Dyer, Mrs. J. C. Folsom,
• Mrs. C. F. A.Talbot, Miss Mary Very,
Mrs. F. J. Symmes, Mrs. J. F. Swift. Mrs.
Vanderlynn Stow, Miss Louise Smith.
Mrs. G. A. Young. Mrs. J. K. Wilson, Mrs.
Horace Wilson. Miss Marie WItson, Mis3
Mary B. "West, Mrs. H. E. Wood, Mrs.
Rosalie Kaufman. Mrs. Evan Miles, Mr*.
Ellis, Mrs. Charles Ktlbourne, Mr3.
George Cresson. Mrs. William Hardy,
Mrs. Mary Kincald. Mrs. M. B. Kellogg,
Miss* Caroline Jackson, Mrs. H. P. Liver
more, Mrs. .M. R. Lansing, Mrs. Robert
Hooker, Mrs. Martin. Mrs. Schultze, Mrs.
Weber. .Mrs. Morse. Mrs. Warring Wilkin
son, Mrs. Leon Richardson, Mrs. George
Metcalf, Mrs. Charles Gayley. Mrs. J. S.
Bunnell, Miss Julie Bunnell, Miss Katha
rine Bunnell. Miss A. S. Gray. Mrs. 'J. F.
Merrill, Mrs. James Xeall. Mrs. George
Oulton, Mrs. Lucy Otis, Mr«. Jra Pierce.
Mrs. Joseph Marks, Mrs. Eugene Sher
man, Mrs. J. O. Cadman, Mrs. Bradford
Leavitt, Mrs. William McKittrick. Mrs.
Louis Monteagle. Mrs. William Hooper.
Mrs. C. B. Andrews. Miss Hooper, Mrs.
J. V. D. Middloton, Mrs. Storm, Mrs. David
Bixler, Mrs. Charles T. Blake. Mrs. Anson
Blake, Mrs. Elisha Ransom, Mrs. William
Coulson Mrs. J. B. Babcock, Mr3. Charles
Delaney", Mrs. Robert Sherwood. Mrs.
Fred K. Hewlett, Mrs. A. S. Hallidle, MM
E E. Goodrich, Mrs. Charles Wilkinson,
Mrs. George Mitchell, Mrs. G. A. Moore.
Mrs. A. F. Morrison. Mrs. Bernard Moses,
Mrs. William R. Smedberg. Miss Smed
berg, Mrs. A. A. Smith, Mrs. W. Spencer
Wood, Mrs. Ramon E. Wilson.
Mrs. Bee. Mrs. Clinton Day. Miss Day,
Miss Hitchcock. Mrs. S. Wood, Mrs.
George Walker. Mrs. A. P. Whit
tell Miss Whlttell. Miss Bucking
ham Miss Church. Mrs. Martin
Kellogg Mrs. Thomas Bacon, Mrs. Hugh
Gallagher. Mrs. E. J. Bowen. Mrs. G. t\
Bowman. Miss Bessie Bowman. Miss Ag
nes Bowman, Mls3 Butler, Mrs. P. B.
Cornwall. Mrs. Sydney B. Cufhing. Mrs.
G H Buckingham. Mrs. J. M. Burnett,
Mrs. James Denman. Mrs. J. D. Hall, Mrs.
McAdory. Mrs. Valentine, .Mrs. E. C.
Wright. Mrs. Kuntze, Mrs. Morse, Mrs.
James Mee, Mrs. B. F. Pope. Mrs. An
schutz, Mrs. Lockwood, Mrs. Fred Hobbs,
Mrs. Louise Humphrey-Smith. Mrs. J. B.
Rawles Miss COle, Miss Anna Beaver,
Mrs. S. C. Blgelow. Mrs. A. Gerberdlng,
Mrs E. P. Famsworth. Mrs. Johnson,
Mrs. McAndrews. Mrs. Starr. Mrs. J. Est
court Sawyer, Miss Sawyer, Miss Ida
Gibbons, airs. O. P.- Evans, Mrs. George
Reed Mrs. E. H. Davenport, Mrs. Francis
Davles Miss Davles, Mrs. J. Denman,
Mrs. A. Butler. Mrs. J. A. Smith, Mrs.
Jewett, Miss Dorothea Andrews. Mrs.
Henry Seale, Mrs. Forwood and Mrs..
Avery.
FIELD MARSHAL GOTJRKO.
Greats st of His Military Feats Was
Crossing the Balkans in "Winter.^
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.— Field Mar
shal Count Gourko died to-day on his
estate at Charow, near Iver.
Count Joseph Vassllyevlch Gourko was
of Lithuanian origin and was born In 1S2S
and educated in the imperial "Corps de
Pages." In 1S57 he was already captain
and commanded a squadron, and was
made in li*60 adjutant to the Emperor. In
1S61 he received hla colonel's commission
and in 1SC5 was appointed commander of
the Hussar regiment of Marinpol. In 1867
the Emperor named him major general
and ordered him to be of his suite. His
heroic deeds are almost too well known
to be minutely recorded. On June 25, 1S77,
with a detachment of cavalry and a single
battery he attacked and took by assault
the strong and powerfully occupied town
of Tyrnovo. On July 5 following, he oc
cupied Kazanlyk and the villages of Shlp
ka. Hanko and others. He. with General
Radetzky. traversed the Balkans in the
middle of the winter snow storms and
frosts, with but few* losses, and led the
victorious Russian troops into, the fertile
valleys beyond, thus occupying Sofia,
Philipopolis and Adrianople.
The hazardous and almost Impossible
feat of traversing the Balkans In the mid
dle of winter will forever remain one of
the greatest deeds performed by the sol
diers of Russia,
Count Gourko was elevated to the rank
of adjutant general, was a Knight of St.
George of the second class and of several
other high orders. He was appointed Gov
.ernor General of St. Petersburg in 1870.
after #the attempts on Alexander's life,
, and then, after a period of enforced re
tirement. Governor General of Poland,
where his rule was Btrongly Muscovite In
, tendency.
; In 1SS4 when the Czar visited Poland.
General Gourko took extraordinary pre-
I cautions for his safety. In 1S91. durins:
the Russian famine, he made an optimis
tic report on the food supply in Poland.
Events proved him to have been mistaken,
and his position was in danger, but he
exculpated himself and In April. 1852. re
turned to "Warsaw as commander in chief
of all trooos in Poland and Lithuania.
Count Gourko was married to a French
lady. • r.. ¦¦¦ ,i
Pw-v. Hugh Haweis.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— The . Rev. Hugh
Reginald Haweis died suddenly this after f
noon. He preached twice on the subject
of Queen Victoria, was stricken with Ill
ness Monday, became unconscious and re
mained .so throughout the day.
"Connie" Sullivan.
NEW* YORK, Jan. 2).— "Connie" Sulli
van, who, ten years ago, was the bantam'
weight champion. Is dead at his home in
this city. Death was doe to pneumonia.
Sullivan was a pupil of Jack Dempsey and
trained with many champions.
Word3 tipped with poi3oned spear points
flew from one elde to the other in the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday during the proceedings In the
Dubose contempt case. Thomas J. Geary.
on behalf of the Noyes-McKenzie faction,
spent considerable time and energy In ob
jecting to much of the testimony that ap
peared In" the record as handed down from
Commissioner Heacock's court. Much of
It, he said, was hearsay and not compe
tent or admissible In any court of. law or
in any proceeding. He objected particu-.
larly to Mr. Pillsbury reading from the
testimony of W. H. Metson to the effect
that Mr: Geary told*Mr. Metson in Nome
that McKenzle would not give up the
gold dust without a fight; that som» one
might get killed in the matter and that if:
Metson himself was not killed he would
be responsible for whomsoever might b« a
victim.
Mr. Geary grew quite warm when voic
ing his objections to the reading of this
bit of testimony. It was unheard of. he
said, that the reputation of members of
the bench and bar should be permitted to
be besmirched upon mere hearsay as to
•what some one said about somebody els«
In the absence of the respondent In this
contempt proceeding.
Mr. Pillsbury replied in an equally earn
est manner. "This case has no parallel
In the history of the country." he said,
"for outrageous brutality in disregard of
the law of the land and the mandates of
the courts. In the history of legal Jursl
prudence it has no equal and I defy the
gentleman to point out any parallel In
history. And I wish to say. right here
that the lawyer or the Judge that would
Jend himself to the furtherance of a con
spiracy such as this is should b© pun
ished." I*
Then Mr. Geary took a turn. He re
ferred to the voluminous transcript of
testimony as "this mass of rubbish." It
was admitted in evidence, he added, under
pretext *t making a sweeping Inquiry Into
these matters. "Persons have been al
lowed to narrate rumors," he continued.
"and the street gossip of a mining camp,
all for the purpose of trying to establish
something behind this issue. That testi
mony was taken for the purpose of beln«
hawked about In the city of "Washington
and gossiped about there."
"Not by me." interrupted Mr. Pillsbury.
"Xot with my knowledge or consent."
"It was gossiped about In the Capitol at
Washington." persisted Mr. Geary. "In
the early part of last December parts of
that testimony were peddled around tha
Capitol to assist the efforts being made
for the removal of Judge Xoyes. That
testimony was taken to the Attorney
General of the United States and in the
Senate of the T'nlted States."
"With reference to any use of this tes
timony elsewhere I desire to say that If
it was procured from the reporter of this
court it was done without my knowledga
or consent. I heard afterward that Mr.
Geary had the testimony in Washington,
also," replied Mr. Pillsbury.
"Yes, I took all the testimony to Wash
ington." Mr. Geary admitted.
The case was then declared submitted
to the. court and an adjournment was
taken until Jl o'clock this morning.
Charge That Testimony Was Hawked
About in th.9 City of Washing
ton to Unseat Judge
Pillsbury and Geary Cro3S
Swords of Challenge .
and Denial.
HOT WORDS PUSS
IN DUBOSE CASE
Special Mspatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.-The Right
Rev. George Montgomery, Bishop of Los
Angeles and Monterey, addressed a large
audience at Elks' Kail this evening on
"Christian Socialism." A number of
prominent citizens occupied seats on the
platform. Dr. John EL Haynes presided.
The Bishop said in brief:
NVe all fee! that in our civic life there are a
multitude of things that ne*d correction and
various mear.s sire "¦prci>csed" for their cor
rt-ction. ArriL>ns these eocieJism— cf several
kinds— is pat forward as that which promises
the best hop* of buccess. The demand for any-
i 1 : - cf tiie kind conies from the confeseed
lact that i-pl.-inons between capital and labor
are "'strainvd* to much that uii are suffering.
and frcm tir.;e to time things that everybody
re«reu grow out of these relations. Thia
very confusion makes it difacult for any of us
to think acd act as calmly and Judiciously as
we cucht. And even if a "•temporary" truce
were declared we should all partake , ol its
l.-u'.ts :n working out a permanent cure, as fax
For the adjustment of Immediate and press
ing difficulties we should have in -society, in
every State or community, as circumstances
ir.ieht demand, a board of arbitration. This
board should hav« the authority of a regular
court. Somewhere In its application it ehould
b* a supreme court and it should have the
i>ower to enforce its decrees.
In every cuntest between employers and em
ployes there are three parties concerned— the
employers, the employes and those of the
community affected.
Hitherto In almost all these contests between
employer and the employe the public has t«-en
a sufleir. and thus far that public has had
no voice. That board of arbitration, I believe,
should he made up of representatives from
The Bishop maintained that Christian
principles alone could bring men to the
best social system possible in this worm.
Socialism's a'dvocates -were positively and
absolutely hostile to thi?m and such so
cialism, if It should prevail, would be ab
solutely subversive of all social order
worthy the name. It* advocates had come
to believe that the Christian religion, and
r«*lipion Jn genera', were hostile to the in
terests of the multitude, ar.d that relig
ion, too. must be abolished along with
the present social order. He continued:
If I unrttr^tani the definition cf "Chrli'tlan
Bociallyrr. " it has one defect that radical
enclallRn iffe'.r has. It tends to undermine
the freedom of r.:an and the eacredness of
home— net. ff cMree, in the tame way. so far
ft jt affects d mettle life. I know full well
c~ir.nn-r.tal and ought to be corrected. But
vfceri we ere toid that thit "competition mutt
f\\e ¦way to cooperative association, both pro
dwrttve 8n<i distributive, where we may hII
v -rk tocethpr as brother*." It eeem« to deny
DM ripMs nf property In land and capital and
sil thine? needed in production and distribu
tion. If this is ¦ the meaning. I think it is
v.rore. Van lose* his identity, his indivldu
n'-.'.y. bla fivedcm. He is absorbed In the com
rrunity. and the heme Is swallowed up as well.
STlicTti sba.ll the control of that community
«-rv<? I see nn provision made for it. The
r. rr.* and family are the unit of all society.
They ari> rrlor 10 either state or community.
¦ r. 1 G.>1 has Intended that neither etate nor
community phaM usurp the paternalism tit
rarrr.tf in this society.
The ir.airi hope of the future he saw
n< x In the -abolition of property, but in
the multiplication of opportunities for the
Requisition of property. In conclusion he
?•xprepsed himself in favor of municipal
ownership of public utilities, which sys
tem might in time extend to the Oovern-
Tncnt's control of railway?, telephones
avA fiPSTaphP. He ppoke of an income
tax. with a graduated Fcale of assess
ment, a* "one of the most equitable spe
*¦!»»* of taxation ever proposed."
Favors the Establishing in Each Com
munity of Boards With the
Full Power of
Courts.
Bisbcp Montgomery Would
Have All Disputes
Arbitrated.
PLANS II REMEDY
FOR LABOR'S ILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,, JANUARY 30, 1901.
She Is in the Receiving Hospital Under Treatment for a Slight
Contusion of the Back— Patrolman McShane Feels as if He
Had Been Struck by a Car and the Woman's Consort Is in Jai!
DEMENTED WOMAN DROPS THIRTY
FEBT FROM HOTEL FIRE ESCAPE
AND LANDS ON POLICEMAN'S HEAD
CANADA MAY PURCHASE
NORTHEEN PACIFIC LINES
Manitoba Branches to Become Prop
erty of Government and Leas*d
to Another Company. . : "
WINNIPEG, Jan. ».— It Ms -practically
settled, according to reports ' current I to
day,', tha-t the Government has decided to
purchase the Northern Pacific lines in
Mapltdba for about J6.000j000> and lease
them to another company in consideration
of a low grain rat© • ¦-< ¦¦»> - .' -
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Relieves Constipation and Cleanses the Whole Systetn.
POSTUM CEREAL.
HARD LINES
To Make a Man Toe the Mark.
To take both tobacco and coffee away
from a man seems pretty touffh. but the
doctor ordered me to quit both, -- my
health was very poor and I had got where
I could do but little work.
About a month after quittlngr I com-
menced on tobacco again, because I could
fcsxdly stand it. I got along without the
coffee for the reason that I had taken up
Postum Food Coffee, which I found very
relishing U> the appetite and wonderfully
beneficial.
I have gained twenty-five pounds by its
use, ar.d to-day I am a well man. I dis-
covered in this way that It was the old-
fashioned coffee that hurt me and not
the tobacco. When I first tried Postum
1 did not relish It, but found that it was
not made, right— that is. they did not boil
it long enough. Next time it came on the
table It was fine, and I have been using
it ever fiir.ee.
Mr. Fletcher, an old soldier of this place,
was troubled with dyspepsia. I told him
of try experience and my cure, and told
him to <iuit coffee and use Postum Food
Coffee. This was some time. ago. ' I saw
him yesterday, and he told me he had
not felt better in twenty years an!
nothing would induce him to go back from
roctum to the u«s of common coffee. He
had the same trouble in getting: it made
right to start with.
I could give you the names of a number
cf others who have been benefited by
\irlng Dostum Food Coffee. I believe you
i are a true friend of suffering humanity.—
v -.••ma* Spring, Deavertown, OhJ"
John AFhford of Dillon was also
troubled with dyspepsia. I told him of my
eure by the use of Poctuni Food Coffee
and 'warned him to be careful In having
the Postum cooked long 1 enough when he
did try it. To-day he is perfectly well and
his appetite never better.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
. S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
I tor and Nervine.
Th« roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both aexea.
The Mexican Kemedy for Diseases or the Kid-
neys an< Bladder. Snlli on its own merits.
NABER. • ALFS & BRUNE. Agenta,
Z33 Market *t.. S. T. — (Send for Circulars.)
FOR THE
saLCOo.ijyER-a.uwcs.
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
©B.PIERCES
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHIXGTOX STS^.ttE-
model«d and renovated. KINO. WAJ/O &
CO. European plan. Jiconw, :>0c to 11 3u day;
15 to tS ireek: I* to $3? month. Free batlu; bot
and coM water every room: fire grate* la every
room; elevator runs mil night.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigo?
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Hall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who- had bat*
tted fcr yrars against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from, any form of sexual -weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and. memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to- the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It 13 needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an ansolute succeai
In all cases. A request to the State Mad-
ical Institute, 323 Elektron building:. Fort
Wavne Ind., stating tha.t you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free sample will enable them
tosee how easy It is t<*be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. • The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed
in a Dlain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Readers are requested to writ©
without delay. '¦ <~ ¦__
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NATVBAL LAXATIVE "WATER. . •
Is a Household NECESSITY in every family
where "-jCfi- &rippe * * is P re valent.
If youf system is in good condition you will fce Ics3 liable to contract this
dreaded disease. / .
Recommended for SO year* by physicians all over the world.
Used with marvelous results during La .Grippe Epidemic in Europe, 1889 — 50.
x>oooo^>o : o-o^c^o^o<>ooooo^b<>o-o-oooc^o-o-o-o-o o-ooooo ooooooc
I You can find out what »
"KO-NUT" is by asking
your grocer.
He and every one else-who-
has tried it kno'.vs that *
"Ko-Nut
I A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat £
; For Shortening
and Frying,
» b the B;st Material made.
(India Refining Co., j?
Philadelphia.THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1901.
10
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. XJ.
6. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than I feet 4 Inches, and not over C feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, write and
¦peak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Eats
»t.. San Francisco. Cal. __v-
CANVASSERS wanted for "Life and Reign of
Queen Victoria." by the eminent historians.
-Prof. Chas. Morris <t Murat HalsteaU; nearly
600 PK»: »'ze 7x10; ICO richest illustration* ;
greate-t & best; tremendous Keller; only $1 50;
big book;' big commissions; credit given;
freight paid: outfits free. The Dominion Co.,
Dept. V. 334 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
WANTED— Active workers to take orders for
"Life of Queen Vlctcjla," 600 pgs. *0O Illus-
trations; lowest retail price; big commissions;
credit" given: freight paid; outfit, postpaid,
free on application. Olobe Bible Publishing
1 Co., 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— A good bright office boy. 14 to 15
years old. Cal. Electrical Works, 409 Market
FOR sale— Barber shop, complete, with fix-
tures: sacrifice; $60. 501 Castro, cor. 18th.
PAINTER and paperhanger wants a partner;
business and store; established; work on
hand; must have small capital. Box 14<2. Call.
WAXTED — A good, strong blacksmith's helper.
1522 San Bruno road, near Army.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chalr barber -hop. choice lo-
cation. a bargain, at DECKELMAN BROS.'
WANTED— A German pastry baker. & Oennajv
cook an-1 a white dishwasher at once. 428
Gee it st ________^_«
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions 'AX- —
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PAXY. 81 Spear st. _____^____
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue • free. MOLER S
BARBER COLLEGE. CSS Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address; money • ad-
vanced to right party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st. >
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. E62 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— ICO men to take rooms. 10c, 13c and
20c. Bo-ton House, 930 Howard st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— Jl. H. Shepard ft Co.. old reliable
firm. SOS Market room 40. Phelan bulldln-;.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all part* of world. HERMAN'S. 2* Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: TOO rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office. 22C0 Fillniore "t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1039
Valencia -t. *. •¦?v. .""' . ¦
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY^ase^oTpilefl, PHe'sT Piles. Piles; over. M0
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves nr ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during trsatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for »ale; also wagons, bucglea.
. carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
127 Bixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FIND road horse 8 years old; well broken and
gentle; can trtx a mil* in" 2:S0;color sorrel;
height 15.3. Can be seen at 333 Fifth st
FOR sale— Cheap, for want of use. ralr young
mules. 4*4 Merrlmac St.. Oakland; forenoons
or any time Sundays.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721, Howard st
FINE young horse very cheap.- Call 1S31
Fifteenth st. ¦
$75— FOR sale— Hor-e and cart; a bargain.
Apply 617 California st. :
FOR Sale — Cne horse and wagon; very cheap.
Inquire at 1877 Mission st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surrey*, horses. 1H0 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also Mgbt
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for clr-
cnisr. Q. H. UMBSEN Jb CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOWARD, 1105— Upper part house 5 sunny
rooms, bath, yard. Key at barber shop.
BUNNY corner: • rooms and bath, yard, etc.:
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
Ean Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
HOUSE I CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., e-tab. 1*90;
removed to 419 Devi-adero at., tel. Fell 138.
LOST A^D FOU.VD.
LOST— Long 1 chain locket; Masonic emblem:
picture inside; valued keepsake deceased
parent. 822 Geary st, downstairs: reward.
LOST— On Sunday night, cocker spaniel: new
collar and tag. Return to 310 San Jose ave.:
receive reward.
LOST— English beagle bitch. Return to E. D.
FEIL. 41M California st and get reward.
STRAY horse and buggy found. Call at 711
Turk st.
LOST— Pair rimless eyeglasses, gold eprlng,
rear Zlnkand, Jan. "6. Return to E. HER-
MAN. 2743 Lombard st; reward. •
LOST— January 26. 1901, white "and brlnd'.e
greyhound bitch pup. Return to I. GORMAN.
1726 Bryant st. ; reward. *
THURSDAY night, corner Golden Gate a've.
and Market St.. young pup, resembling St.
Bernard. Reward if returned to room 1, 702
Market st. ¦ ¦ ¦
FOUND— Black spaniel dog; owner can have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. Apply at 2717 Nineteenth st.
BOAT found at Bakers Beach. Address box
€3, PreiSlctlo.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fllmore st
A BRANCH office for CaJI advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
M ATTRES^ET^J^pTLlxSwsT^el! South 7s£
rcade to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKF. BROS.. 313 nnd 320 Eleventh -t.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market,
opp. 8th; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
rafe. reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Bafe and reliable ladlea' physician: treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fail
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. ¦
DP.S. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on- dls-
eases of women; IS years" practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETII, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1128 Market— Ladies'
specialists;- 22 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ¦ ladles treated can return same
. day: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market-Ladles' spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure. $5: best care; low
fees: when all others, fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists; new process: sure> cure; no medi-
cineievery woman herown physician. 323Kearny
MRS. DR.GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy «t. ... .
DR. NO TOY KEE cures dliea-e by herbs;
. advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. n»ar Kearny.
.MIXES AXD 3JIXIXG.
LEARN something this week about Montezuma
copper; we'll give you information. AMKR-
* ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO.. selling
cgents. 310 Safe Drpn-lt building. <g. P.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 19S-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock cf saloon outfits on hand-
12 complete outfit- on one floor, ready made*
we can ship everything in 24 hours j'
NOONAN. 1017, i01>, 1021, 10*3 Mission st '
•hove Sixth; write for catalogue.';
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; writ- for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
(t : rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS. ' sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Sc?" W^LTwr^'lpear".^" 11 * ""^
: HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. "8... Phone Grant 185
„ ....HOTEL DEPARTMENT..
2 more .waitresses. Pasadena. $20. half-rate
fare; 2 more waitresses, San Diego, fare paid;
10 more waitresses. Los Angeles. $30; 10 wait-
resses; different commercial hotels, $C0; 10
waitresses, city, $20;. 5 more chambermaids.
• south, $20, half-fare; 2 waitresses, city, • fl
hours' work, . $20; 2 waitresses, city, 523, 8
hours' work; waitresses for plght shift. $25;
restaurant waitress. $7 week; hotel cooks. $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second girl, rhort distance in coun-
try, $45, see party here; 2 German chamber-
maids and do sewln*, $25; nurse girl for 2
children, choice place; house girls, second
girls, cooks, city and country
C. K. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary St.
A WAITER and wife, $45. country hotel. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 157$
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, city, $20; 6 waitresses, hotel. $20;
, 8 waitresses, different hotels, Southern Cali-
fornia, $20; lunch and dinner waitress. $20;
waitress. Marysville, $22 CO. free fare; cook
for coffee parlor. $25 to $30; cook, institution.
$30; pantry girl, $23 •.
FAMILY. DEPARTMENT
Cooks, $25 to $30; 10 house girls, $20. $25. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st. •
LAUNDRESS, $26; chambermaid. $23; waitress,
same house; 5 'second girls, $25 each; . cook
and second girl, same house, good wages;
cook. $35; cook. Institution. $30, good plaoe;
60 houseglrls, $30 and $25; woman to assist
with housework, no cooking. $20, must sleep
home. MR8. NORTON, 318 Sutter sU
A SECOND girl, Oakland, $20, see lady here at
noon to-day; waltrets and parlor maid, Oak-
land, $25; French nurse girl $15
Infant's nurse ; iio
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Et.
PRACTICAL Millinery School: established 12
yrs. ; trade taught; class now forming; terms
easy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
RF.FINED nurse for S-year-old child; city ref-
erences required. Apply between 10 and 11 a.
m. at ??•«") Washtncton »t.
WAIST and ¦ skirt hands, also improver,
wanted. Dreagmaker, 2028 Scott st., corner
Sacramento.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 230 Doug-
lass st.', between Eighteenth and Nineteenth;
wages $15.
MIDDLE-AGED housekeeper wanted for small
family; Swedish or German preferred. 613'
Howard st. : .•';.; .*
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small washing; no window cleaning. 1303
Octavla st.
WANTED— A middle-aged lady to take charge
of small furnished house; rent free In rs-
turn for work. Call 10 to 12. 417 Harrison Bt.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
waists. MARKS, BROS.. 1212 Market st.
ONLY experienced operators on ladles' waist*.
S. F. Manufacturing Co., 4C9 Turk St.
A YOUNG girl for light housework; small
family. 816 Fell Bt. ,
GIRL or woman, housework, plain cooking. 9
Glen Park ave.. oft Twelfth, near Mission.
WANTED^-Mllllner; head trimmer; state ex-
perience and -alary expected. Box 1477, Call.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
two In family. 1325 Stevenson it.
GIRL wanted for general housework; no cook-
ing; no dishwashing: $20. 1662 Post st.
GERMAN girl for light housework and plain
cooking. Call 902 Valencia et/
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19 Battery.
A WET.NTJRSE; must be a strong, healthy
woman. Box 1466. Call office.
WANTED— Apprentice girl on coats; pay while
learning. 115 Russ at.
WANTED— Girl to tend store in bakery. 123
: Taylor tt .
WANTED— A young woman for cooking and
general housework* 403 Fair Oaks st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1813
Scott st., city. ¦ "
WANTED— Apprentices on vests; paid while
learning. S21A Howard st. '. '
GIRL for light liuasework; no washing, no
cooking. 2002 Pine Bt., corner Laguna,
WANTED — German girl for. general house-
work. Apply 414 Van Ness ave, bet. 9 & 12.
SEWING machine operator- wanted at Levi
Strauss & Co.'- overall factory, 32V4 Fremont
»t. Apply to MR. DAVIS..
A FEW experienced operators, and also girls
for Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Grove sts. .•.-... ¦>";?
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GRKENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S, 631 Mission.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 3a. ',:-¦-<•. .-
GIRL wanted to do general housework. 117
Clipper, bet. 2Sth and 2Cth. Church & Sanchez.
WANTED — An experienced waitress; no other ¦
ne«d apply. 113 Turk st. . • • :
WOMAN or girl; general housework; $15 a
month; sleep home. 131A O'Farrell st. .¦-« - -."_V-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.* B... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
-Roast cook and broiler, hotel. $70; second
cook, hotel, $C0; fry cook, hotel, $40; vegetable
cook, hotel, $33; short-order cook, restaurant,
south. $16 a week; 3 French or Italian res-
taurant waiters, south. $11 a week; night
IKirte/. restaurant, $25.-.
Scandinavian or German man and wife for
an orchard, see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary Et.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A.'M. TO-DAY
Harnesumaker for ranch
' Blacksmith helper, ranch $30 and found
Man and wife for crchard. no objection to
child, pee boss here
Experienced milk wacon driver, city
2 ehlnglers.... Stableman, city
Buggry washer, city stable $60
4 farm hands and plow teamsters, $28; but-
termaker*. milkers and choremen. MURRAY
& READY, 634-S36 Clay st. • j
A— COOK, small place near city.. $40 and found
Young man for institution. .....$15 and found
5 cooks, different places... $30 to $45 and found
Walters, city and country.- $8 week, $25 anil
found. MURRAY & READY. 631-638 Clay st.
A — WANTED — Third-hand baker, country shop,
. {30 and found and fare paid; 2 coal .miners,
by the foot; orchard hand, $25; farmer, $20;
milker, country. $23; plow teamster, $26. W.
P.; EWER & CO., C10 Clay st.
A— HOTEL" GAZETTE. 26 Mc»itgomery, nn. 12.
An all-round co»k, i JtO.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers: International Union—
Free employment: only recognl-ed union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. . H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 133.
BOY who has some practical- knowledge of
mechanical draughting and mathematics;
•wages $5 per week; opportunity for advance-
ment. Box 14S0, Call office.
A WOOD turner who can run shaper and
bandssw; non-union; no office fees. Mechan-
ics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
A TRUSTWORTHY, intelligent boy about 15
• years old, for office work; give references and
experience. Box 1472, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In plain cash
business; will pay $13 to $18 per week; $100
cash required.: 1Q16 Market St., room 10.
WANTED— An. experienced . marker and dis-
tributor. Appry at once at Vallejo Steam
Laundry, Vallejo. ' ¦
UNION barber wanted at 222 Gough st.
COOD barber wated at 17 Taylor street
BARBER wanted: steady. FRITZ, 1128 J St..
Sacramento, " Cal.
GET your choes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to We. E£2 Ml-slon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Strong bpy to deliver evening pa-
pers. 1211 : Kearny t.t.. top floor.
YOUNG man, German preferred, as beer tap-
per; call bet.' 10 and 12. 1053 Market St.
WANTED— A young steady man to work in
kitchen. IS Eddy st,
WANTED— Male all around cook. Eastlak*
Hotel, corner Bay. and. Webster sts.
WANTED— A good restaurant waiter. 1550
Market st. • . ¦
ALL-ROUND cook; call early. 1522 Kentucky
- street - * :¦ ; ¦
WANTED — An' errand boy; good references.
734 Montgomery ¦ St. " - ¦
EOY for factorj" good opportunity to advance.
Address box . 14S1. . Call office. ; ;-:-;.
BARBERS. ¦ attention— For sale,' 2-chaJr shop.
.with » living .rooms.' 1812H Folsom. nr. 12th.
2-CHAIR barber chop for sale; object of sell-
ing, going to Baker-field. 105 Ninth st >
WANTED— Al , refractionlst graduate >optldan:
-¦ salary $120 per month. Address box 1402, Call.
EMPLOYMENT. WAXTED— FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situ-
ation; best city references. Can be seen at
MISS CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter. st. \ '
STRONG, good, willing woman (American); ex-
perienced housekeeper; a great house-cl«aner;
fine flannel washer: can do most any kind of
work; good references; $1 per day and car
.fare. Address 85 Fifth St., room 4, upstairs.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place, general
housework: good references. • 316^i Ritch St..
between 13rannan and Townsend.
RESPECTABLE ¦ woman wants situation as
fine cook In family or will go on a ranch.
HSO Gough st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing-
and house cleaning. Address A., Call branch,
•6.39 McAllister 8t. . . . • , . •
DRESSMAKER from the East wishes work by
the day; tailor-made suits a specialty. 1532
Polk St. .
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
Ing or house-cleaning. Call or address 62 -Te-
. liama St.
AN Eastern woman wishes position as man-
aging or working housekeeper; city or coun-
try; children preferred. 7 Grant ave.
"A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation
to do general housework; good cook. 912
Howard st. . • 7 .¦¦;-.¦
COMPETENT cook desires Bltuatlon; down-
stairs work and cooking. .: Box 1467, Call.
REFINED lady wishes situation as working
housekeeper. 1022 Market St., room IS.
NEAT young girl wishes a plaoe to do light
housework. Please call at Eil Sixth St., bet.
Bryant and Brannan. '
YOUNG girl wishes situation in small respect-
able family: small wages. Call or address
23. Treadwell Bt.
GEJtMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies In confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER. 182 Sixth et.
A RESPECTABLE woman nurse would rnr«
for invalid and assist with light work; :ail
br-fore 8 p.m. 802 Geary st. :
COMPETENT woman wishes, work by the .lav
flrst-claes laundress; makes herself generally
UBfful; best . references given. Call at 120
Wildey St.. bet. Bush and Pine, near Stelner.
LADY from the East wishes position for light
housework and sewing; Is a good dressmaker.
620 Bush St., room 35. j
REFINED young English lady would like to
be companion vto lady and ' assist with light
household duties. > Eox 1365, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work at
¦ home. Addr*ss 943 Sutter st. ; telephone Lar-
kln 9C2. | '
WINCHESTER Bouse. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 E0 night. $1 EO to V>
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call adx-ertlsementa and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - -
_EMPLO VaiEXT WAXTED— MALE.
STEADY young man, aged 29, F. of 'AiJ is an
experienced machine man ¦ and miner, wishes
employment at same or as blacksmith's help-
er; ob'ect to learn trade. Address P. S., 1124
P St.. South San Francisco.
INDUSTRIOUS German. Gardener; under-
. stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; In private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 1470, Call office. •
YOUNG man would like position as barkeeper's
assistant; object to learn bartending. 8., 948
Howard. St., room 20.
SOBER man wants position as night clerk In
hotel or rooming-house: good reference. Ad-
dress box 1474. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
house; speaks- German ; good references. Ad-
dress box 147L Call office.
WANTED — Position by a first-class well borer;
sober and understands the business. Box 146S,
Call office.
YOUNG man of 22 wishes to hear of a proposi-
tion of any kind; a faithful worker. Address
box 1463. Call office.
WANTED— Position to learn to clerk In -ho«
•tore by country young man of. good habits.
-^-Apply E. HKNRY. 812 Kearny Et.
-YOUXG man would like position In cigar store,
stationery store or ' in elevator; good refer-
ences. Box 1478, Call office.
WANTED — By a young man, good cook, work
at anything; city or country; will work for
board and room. Box 1479. Call office.
COOK, elngle man, good baker, for boarding-
house or families; reference. Box 1464, Call.
GERMAN waiter, aged 24. wants position.
Box 1468. Call bfflce. •
WAITER, experienced, desires steady Job. $13
Ml-sion sL " : "¦
COOK wants situation; German; experienced
man. 15-14 Howard st. ¦ • ¦¦
PROHPPXTOR wants grub stake; understands
placer and quartz. Address room 305, Win-
chester Hotel.
WOOD pattern-maker wishes situation. Ad-
dress F. W. BOLAKD, Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, builder and finisher
wishes position; Is' steady and has best of
references. -4047 Seventeenth St..
A SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants sit-
uation 0* dishwasher or kitchen hand In
small hotel, boarding-house or . restaurant.
Addre*- box 1457. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED good , hotel waiter desires
Steady position. Address HENRY KIEHL,
New 'Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
MARRIED poultry man ' wants situation on
poultry ranch: capable of taking full charge;
tvages or on shares; refs. Box 1443, Call.
PAPERH ANGER and tlnte'r, first-class, wants
work; has tool-. Box 1364. Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
good, steady, reliable man Is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
er; willing to make himself useful in any
capacity; good references. Address box 1454,
Call office.
ENGINEER and all round mechanic and elec-
trician. No. 1 city and country references,
would like position in healthy locality; saw-
mill, mines or country town preferred. Ad-
dress E. B. H., 1124 Thirteenth ave.. Bast
Oakland.
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. md-e. store in country by reliable
American; single: 30 yrs. age; 12 yrs. experi-
ence; good refs. Address L. F., box 1223, Call.
JAPANESE wants a position as cook or waiter
In small family: good experience; work faith-
fully. J. M., 121 Haight St.. phone Fell 7931.
CLASSIFIED advertisements' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10-J8
Vilencia strest. - , " . * ¦ '
FEATHER ' PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillow- cleaned and renovated
by the- latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let — New flats on Buchanan St.. between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave*; 6 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister »t. • Apply G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery at.
A— 5-ROOM flat for rent; price $10/ 37 Norfolk
St.. between Eleventh and Twelfth. •
NATOMA, 714^Flnt of 4 rooms, yard 'and cel-
• lar; rent $10; sunny; no children. -
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner .st., off Howard, near Eighth.
; LOVELY modern, flat of 6 , rooms, bath and
yard. 3570 Seventeenth St., near Guerrero.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath and cellar. In-
quire 130S Powell st;, bet. Broadway and Pa-
cific; rent $15.
MODERN flat; S rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St.. near Seventh-. ;
IF you want to move 'get printed list flatstolet
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery^
SACRAMENTO. 1365-2 bay-window flats of 3
room*; gas; rents $12 CO and $7.
$10 — FLAT of 3 rooms; yard; modern lmprove-
ments; no children. SIS Webster st.
$10— COTTAGE of three sunny roonie. .134 Rose
• ave.; V/t blocks. from Market St.. bet. Gough
nnd Octavla.
$14— SUNNY, flat, 5 large rooms; bath; gas;
large yard. 39S0 Nineteenth St., between Noe
nnd Sanchez. : , ' ,\ ¦ ¦:¦ r
: FUnXITURE FOR SALE. ' :
RARE CHANCE. "." ~~r~~~- ~~~ r T"~ : -
Brand new and elegant furnishings of mod-
ern 7-room flat for sale at a bargain; sun all
day; centrally located; rent of .flat $30; nil
cash not required, if responsible. Inquire Gil-
- berf& Moore Stor. Co.; Murphy big, .123C Mkt."
4 ROOM3 furnished in oak $4J 40.' with No. /
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
• • . FUBNITCHB I WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture/carpets,-,
¦ etc.. see W. E, Cody. 757 Mission : tel. Red 8353. ;
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent. 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & funy'd houses bought;, spot, cash. :
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,".
- pianos, etc. .1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 7<1. . .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St..'- pays'- highest
. price for second-hand furniture ; tel. Red 1354.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
VERY nice microscope, almo-t brajtd netr. for
•15 : original cost $35. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant ave.
FOR sale— Dental parlor- and outfit for cash;
call between 3 and 13 a. m. SIEBEUST, 7S1
Valencia st. ¦ .' "
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
HOMERS, fliers, squab , breeders, white hom-
er-; runts crosses. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
SEVERAL dozen laying hens at Berkeley. For
atfdres- write box ll^. Call office.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shaff.ru
at a barzaln. C34 Mission at.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. sea
at low figures all makes 2d r hand typewriters,
FIRST-CLASS -.econd-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and -old. KROGH MFG. Cc.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water ami air ma-
chlnery bought and sold. White. £18 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery tt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moTlns
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAKE3 — New and second-hand: all size*. ' THR
WALTZ SAFE. 119-111 Market *t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVA.VT9.
A— KLEIN pays be-t price for clothing, bric-a-
brac. old gold. 1C9 Sixth »t. ; phone Jesale 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought *
sold. Sllverman. gS^Fol-om: tel. Folsom 1191.
MO N EV TO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which "people "can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; d»
not borrow of yonr friends or yon will los»
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market at.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
;;•••••• Interest In Estates
Interests In Real Estate
?*J\ 9 £ I'l'S^t™ cf al1 • orts •»» ¦«-<"•
solved by HERMAN MTTRPHY. CO Market.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first
• second mortgages, estates in probate lnt«r**t
In" e-tates. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. R«>in 16. 1st floor
Chronlcla building. HALLORAX & OLSKN.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: 1st. 2d and Jd mort-
gages. undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms pefore doing business else-
where. R- McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. t.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advance- on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 9+8 Marlc-t
¦t.: tel. Main 1844. Branch 13 Third st.
A— $:co.CCO ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgage*; notes^and collat-
eral*. J. BROWNSTOXE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture. e*c. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 101 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HEWTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: eajy term*: nobroker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 1$.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ei^ 431 California.
1100,000 TO loan on real *etate or tor building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Safl-ome. rm. t.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: 8%: andi.
vld-d ints.; estate*. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. JM Parrott build-
Ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
CASH loan*d on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLET CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by prtrat» party;
low rate. 817 Market st. room i.
CASH loaned to salaried peopla on note without
lrdor*»r. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people- without collateral or In-
dorser. 9. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MC'ICAI. ISSTUCMEXT8.
ANY person having vse for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the be^t
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Prlv-
!eg*» given to exchange medium and lo-w
/•/rtced pianos for a new Stelnway any t!me>
J^Tlthin three years from date of purcha*-.
>ileautiful new uprights sold for $5 cash «r.1
¦K per month. We offer to sell son* arood
falanos for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SIIER-
VUAN. CLAY A CO., Stelnway deaUrs. cor-
Sier Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
f-prn*r Broadway and Thirteenth at.. Oak-
tiand.
41-GUILD square f-TT
(Novella upright 72
f Marshall & ¦\Vardell small upright 17S
f 3 Steln-ways $123. J1S5. SW
*2 Chtckerings $113. 2R5
jl Heine (over 3000 In us-) ., 2S5
J 30 new pianos at $132. HEINE PIANO CO..
*¦ "17 Geary St.. agents Hallet & Darls. oldest.
! exclusive and most famous piano In exl.-t-
»rc». Our new rent contract, you have priv-
ilege to exchanga or return piano if not sat-
isfied. Old pianos taken In exchange. Ballet
& Davis preferred.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou.-«
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, W.
is and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
' and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy the
customer.
I ORGANS, from $3 to $«0. «
3 second-hand pianos, from $75 to $145.
4 new uprights, irom $1ZO to $198.
Guaranteed: easy payments. BE2CJA.MT.X
.TXTtTAZ & SON, 18-13-2O CFarreU st:
Chlckering agency.
i OR full particulars of the great piano sale
now going on at MATJVAXS* music stor* read
the display advertisement In the Bulletin to-
.'¦ day. In the meantime go to the store, 7$9
•'¦Market st.. and see the beautiful assortment
1;of piano- to select from. ¦
SINE 3-pedal upright piano; standard make;
-^sacrifice; leaving city. ZZi Golden Gate ave.
*N 8ALE— $33; Hall-t-Davl- upright; cost
JJS73. Room 38, 217 Geary St.
triGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
I over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. H4 Post.
JiAROAIN— Must be scld; nice upright piano.
! BCHMITZ. IS McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand nprlght cheap: brilliant.
tone. HORNtTNO. 218 McAllister st.
A CLEARIN'O out sain of pianos In storage;
| dirt cheap. •Wilson's 8torag*. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Bohra-r A Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. JOS Post.
SPECIAL SALE — Immense reductions; ¦«• our
leader, only $IS0. BRCEyy, 208 Poet st.
SrPEDAL "upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlsger «*rcncy.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CtTRTAZ. 560 Hayes at.
SUPERIOR Tlolln-. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
sts.: occupied as grocery and b*r for past
10 years; rent $20: water free. Apply to O.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery rt.
POWELL. 143—2 elgeant suites of offices, partly
rum.: 'qltah!-/ for doctor-, dentist*, lnwrer-.
OIL.
•0-ACRE lease In section 8, 19 8. range 2S E.
Kern River district; low royalty oi 20 per
cent: easy terms: on R. R.; water en land:
proven territory: t>. S. patent title: no land
can be had adjoining for less than » per
cent royalty: I have four of these twenty-
ncrf tracts, all In section S. at this low roy-
alty, and want from six to twenty thousand
dollars to turn one or all over to a good com-
pany and take an interest In the company
and help promote: land adjoins section 5 and
the San Joaquln OH Co. ; IT you mean buslne-s
come at once and Join me and you can make
money. S. T.'ALLEN. 473 Parrott bldjr.. S. F.
WELL-KNOWN oil company now actively en-
gaged in drilling on Its property. located tn
the heart of the best of the Sunset field, will
sell, at * low price, for purposes of addi-
tional development. 10.000 or 20. W> shares of
Its treaaurv stock: will bear th(* closest In-
vestigation* For particulars address box 1451.
Call office. ; .
OUR information Is at your disposal: If yon *-*»
uncertain what oil -tcvk to bay call or write,
us. HALLOCK & CONNOLLY. 433 Parrot Bd.
'ANY part of 600« acres of oil land, near Oil
City, for -all* at $1 53 per acre. Address or
see G... 1413 Call building. San Franci-co.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pin- street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2if>0 ACRES oil land: $5 to $3W» p«r acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. * Flood building.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN Rtr-r: proven territory: line of R. R.
N«wtQT». Carmen A Riwm. r. 1*4. Chrrwilcle
PAINTERS AJfD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen tt Bath.308 Sixth at. ;opea •ventage.
BUSINESS CHAXCES — COXTIXUED.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
eolld and reliable trade: owing to retirement
of former manager owifcr has dedded'to sell
an interest to an acceptable party; duties
• will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing, generally In the management of the busi-
ness; capital required $5003 to $10,000; full
value In eight; books and business open for
investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market st.
J600-RESTAURANT; block so. Market; clears
$100 mo.; rent $40; 3 liv. rms. • Baslle, 3 Eddy.
IFOR Sale^In one of the best towns in Cali-
fornia, a flrst-claas liquor business; $2000 to
I $3C00 required. Inquire 116 Kront.Et-
FOR eaJe> cheap— A complete patent brick
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co., Hilton,
Sonoma County, Cal. . * ? • . I---.
$450 — CIGAR store, clubroom, laundry office.
333 Third st.
WANTED— A party to run coffee-housa. Par-
ticulars Coffee John. 613 Clay at.
FOR Sale— Barber chair: cheap. 34S8 Eighteenth
street.
WANT partner, active or silent, man or wo-
man, to start poultry ranch; have some stock.
Incubators, etc; $200 to $400 required. Box
1459. Call,
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business Office.
$2250— BOARDING and lodging house, with bar
and bakery attaohed. Including building and
, long ground lease; pays well. Apply E. . W.
HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
AA— $4P0; grand opportunity for lady or gent. ;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 2?d ave. station, E. Oakland.
PARTNER In well equipped poultry ranch In
city limit?, with $100 to $200: man or woman;
furnished house: rent $10. Box 1444, Call.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon: dally re-
! celpts about $C0. Call at place, 410 Kearny.
I i .
i RESTAURANT: bargain;, paying business;
I cheap rent; good location. Apply 3W Hayes.
SALOON for cale: opposite the Ferry- Apply
j 111 Ea-t Ft., north of Market.
ESTAB. restaurant; suitable for couple; in-
cluding property. 514 Central ave., nr. Hayes.
j J55O— CANDY -tore; choice location. Call 927
\ Market, r. 309T 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and 6 to 5:30.
j CORNER saloon; sunny living rooms; must
I be sold before February 1. 5i4 Fourth st.
! TO lease — Hotel. II rooms, unfurnished: good
paylntr bar. furnished; San* Rafael station.
J. SHEARER. San Rafael. .¦'<¦•
LAUNDRY route in largest and oldest estab-
lished laundry In city; $450. Address box 1325.
] Call office. . ... ..
i J30 WINS $300 per month at raceo: references
I given. Information Lyons, Pi'l Market, r. 4.
i LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale,
j "Apply business office. "" ,'\\ --;•"¦-'•
! J200 — HALF Interest In Job printing office; long •
! established; plenty wcrk. 402 McAlllgter St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SALE.
t HOTEL fcr Bale— 145 rooms :' clears $300 every
I month: price to suit. DECKER, 1020 Market.
2%-ROOM house, clearing $U0
per month. .Price only $1430
S6-room house, near O'Farrell and Powell.
Price only $1800
tO-room boarding-house; clears $400 $5000
100-rocm house; best on earth 9000
36-room house, clears J1C0; price 750
S6-room houre; clears $1CO; Pine st 850
16 rocms; north of Market st 750
CO-room boarding-house; clears $300 CuOO
10-room flat: downtown SCO
11 rooms; on Mission st '. 500
W> rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2Gf>0
IS rooms; on Third st...: 600
4f> rooms; fine corner; cjears $200 3500
24 rooms: on Geary St.; clears $110 1900
26 rooms; on Kearny et.; clears $150 16<V)
23 rooms: on Market St., 1400
| K rooms; clears $75 >.... 450
I f,<;0 others— Prices from $100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
IL C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
j LO"DGING-I1OUSE owners— I have a number of
I 10 to 15 room houses and cash to exchange for
j houses of 15 to 60 rooms.
j Also 25 acres; fruit land, Rr. Santa Rosa;
I .' price $2500
A stock of general merchandise price $1000
! A choice building lot. S. F price tfiOO
2 good building lot«, Oakland price .$800
Any of the above to exchange for lodging-
houses.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 317 Market at., bet. 5th & 6th.
¦ LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
¦ largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
¦ suit all buyers; employ 6 persons who are
dally adding new houses to Met; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyers;
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
' G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
I Rooms 1-2. 917 Market St.. tel. Mint 1911. .
j SAMPLES— Call for list. Money loaned.
«1 rooms; Bush: rent $135; price....JS000
! Li room-: Powell; rent 300; price.... 3100
40 rooms: Ellis; rent 250: price 6000
37 rooms; Powell: rent 175: price.... 1900
17 rooms; Van Ness; rent 90; price 1600
12 rooms; Mason; rent 35; price 325
' 7 rooms; Hyde; rent 23; price 350
I 42 rooms: b<?6t paying location In the city: al-
[ ways full: >j cash, balance at 1 per cent; $4W0.
I Lodging-house wanted for good as new all
I modern home, 3 blocks from steam & electric
And houses all locations, sizes and prices.
Restaurant for sale or exc. for Idg-house.
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Mkt.. phone Black 5216.
! MARION GRIFFIN. MONEY TO LOAN.
719 Market; near Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
I 10 room*, rent $33; Income $60 $400
j 14 rms.,cor.G.G.ave., rent $40; respectable 600
IS rms., cor.: rent $- r »J. income $130. 1 floor;
$3C0 down and 1 per cent interest on b. S00
23 rooms, rent $40, Income $116 700
27 rooms, velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
respectable; clears $174 month; snap.
45 rooms; rent $100: a bonanza 1600
to rooms; fine as silk; clears $185 3CO0
A new house of 65 rooms full of roomers,
new furniture and fin* carpets 7000
j WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
; Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700
60 rooms; north of Market.! 2700
j 26 rooms; Runny corner 2100
i SI rooms; worth $2500; reduced to.. 1300
: 20 rooms; corner (new); rent $65 13»)
i 16 ROOMS; $350 cash, balance $10 per raon.;
! price $650. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market.
WINDSOR HOTEL .'.'
j By order from court we are authorized to sell
: the Windsor Hotel, corner Market and Fifth
; sts., San Francisco, to the highest and best
bidder; contains 165 rooms: rent $603; .long
I lease: fine business; nicely furnished. DAVIS
& RIVES. Columbian bldg., 916 Market ¦ st.
j CO ROOMS; newly furnished:, rent $150 $3000
27 rooms; money-maker: near Market.... 1900
20 rooms; Van' Ness; finely furn.; extra,. $50
15 rooms; Lraven worth; rent $57 60 900
:0 rooms, J^riO: 10 room-, quick 850
FISHER ft CO.. 1032 Market st.
I ANDREW PRICE & CO., 30 Kearny *t.. room
6— Big bargain list in office; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full. «
ANDREW PRICE & CO., 30 Kearny st., rm. 6.
CALL and «e<» our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
} nnv urice. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28
j Sixth st.
j tTCO— 17 ROOMS; good furniture; rent $25;
I clears J50 month: must fell;, no Agents
| wanted. Box 1475. Call. . ;., -.-; •-.
$650—24 ROOM; fin- location: well furnished;
• all rented; low rent. BASILE, Z Eddy st. *
| FURNITURE of 13-room house for sale cheap;
i «l-o house to let cheap. 417 Harrison st.
CARPET nEATIXO AXD CLEAXIXG.
f WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St. : tel. South 40l
CARPETS cleaned at Se per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth *t.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394.. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.-
j CON'KLINS Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISBI. "
MRS. DR. FABXHAJI, world-ren^wned~splrift^
ual medtum; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suit*, divorce*, death*; unite* the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Eun., Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
E13 Eddy -t.. bet. Hyde and I^arkln: no sign. |
MRS, GILLINGHAM— Hours 9 to 4: meetings ;
Tuesday, Thursday.; Sunday; developing Frl- j
". day evenings. ?05 Larkin st. ' ;
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's' seance to-night at!
8 o'clock Pharp; 10c. Hyde, nr. 'McAllister.
MEETING to-night. 8; readings 1-5; 25c and LOc
this week only. 123S Howard. ¦ MAXWELL.
EARLE. 305 Taylor st.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesdav and Thursday.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and -healer;
, readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance! "bus. medium.
¦' life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1184 O'Farrell. j
MRS. LESTER-Re*(llng- COc: circle ever? eve. j
¦ ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Wed. eve. 225 Turk.
j MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual ' medium.
| healer and card reader. 14S Eddy st. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.-
Meyer; sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak. trance medium:
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. in.; tel. Howard 527. |
CLAIRYOYAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium, •
Is permanently located at 17 Third St.. next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past,, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur In the future. ¦ If; you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life", or have domestic, love or busl- I
ness troubles, ' consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed."
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist: 15 years' experience; her-knowledge of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional
,and business men, to wives and lovers: follow
her advice and you will make no mistake.
1104 Market St., corner Mason, room 2S.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at l"06 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and *6; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally. and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles aOc.
gents »; palm, and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant ani
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best, clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. Sixth.
Mme. St. Elmo-Special this week, Jl readings
25c; palmistry, water readings. 944 Mteslon.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hu«-
band's picture 25c: ladjew. 9U O'Farrell st.
MRS. Melvill. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. IL 6th;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S4S.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present., future: 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS.VALEEN. palmist, clairvoyant, card r-ad-
er and magnetic healer. 216 Leavenworth tt.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. 1- the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh it.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, bi-*.r.^s- me-
dium: mining a specialty. 21*» Kep.rny. r. 8-10.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SVJ Jessie st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvcyant. card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: rtfime- given: 2^c un. 5 Fourth st.
chiropodists]
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
bialns; painless. cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Gutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$14— SUNNY cottage, 3 looms and bath; water
free. ; 637 Dolores St., below Twentieth.
"$10 — NEARLY new. of 4 rooms. 464 Douglass
St.. near Twentj--first. Castro-st. cars.
DENTISTS.
AT the EL~ECTRO-De7<TaTTcI?I~NIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our epeclalty; gold crowns,
IS CO up; plates, extractions free, 14 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to lb p. m. : Sundays. 9 tb 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A-DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
.plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the lUrae Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 CO; fillings. 50c; plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Bixth st.
EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful eecret. painlesa method; 20 years*
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest nnd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK,' 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144S Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S j»er set; extracting, COc: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to. 969
Mission st.. cor. Sixth.' Consult us on crowns
and- bridges; difficult plate work \ eollci t«d;
positive painless extraction. 60c. .
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2*j Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. «: TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D.' 8.. 1206 Market st.-Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and brldgework.
VAN VROOM— "Painless-'; evenings and Sun-
<!ays. 100.1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ¦ .
' EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING ECHOOL, 8. F. EUSINESS COL-
LEGE, l!36 Market st. ;. Individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $3 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
. NESS COLLEGE, 12*6 Market St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day :
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for -our students
during the past S months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand. : reportorlal phrasing taught; prac- v
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
' electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 303 Larkin st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited .preparatory
school for the university, -law and medical
colleges:, references, President Jordan or any
Stanford pFofegsor. Phelan building.
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
j college and civil service; backward pupils
| taught; experience; credentials. Box 1358, Call.
BOOKKEEPING or. shorthand: Pitman sVs-
t*m; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny ft., r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. .
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mecli., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEK SCHOOL. S33 Market.
THE Silvan Guitar Book. by'D. Mansfield; Just
out; 135 pretty and easy pieces; at the music
stores. •
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH.Spahish. etc. Prof. DeFlllppe'sArademy
of languages. 320 Post: estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
eta ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. . 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night cla-a. 424. Pine Bt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese. Erap. Offlce; best
help furn.; domestic sen-ants; v.-ork executed
with care, diepotch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 378.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. : est.
1870; 'practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Dev:gadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. OEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. C26 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 21911
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kind- help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544. California, -phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
. Best help. 411KO' Fan-ell st ; tel: East 426.
EMPLOYMENT •WAXTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG girl to assist .with : housework; sleep
home;. $16. - MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
I A YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
j day. Address, or tel.- MRS. NORTON, 313
I Sutter St.
i A YOUNG woman wishes place in the country;
I good cook. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS hotel or boarding-house cook
wants. place; city or country; Al references.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st., phone
; Main. 1575.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation in
small American family; Is good cook; will
do a email wash; no children; wages $15; ref-
ences. Box 14S9. Call office.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, would assist
I with downstairs work; city !ot country ;^*ar-
! fare expected. Call 830 Geary St.. cor. Larkin.
YOUNG lady wishes work . with first-class
dressmaker; good waist "finisher.' 1931 Fif-
teenth st. >?#inriauSK5!ttKHMMM9iMMIBJHil£Bl
i WANTED— By a competent Swedish cook, a'
place for cooking or general housework. Ad-
dress box 1473. Call office.
YOUNG strong Swedish girls wants to do gen-
eral housework. 3S4 Eureka, at.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
eeraer Clay; cpen until S:M p. m.
SfO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<C3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
BI Larkin street; open until »:S0 p. m.
IS«I MlsFlon street; open until 10 p. m.
rrsi Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
ur.til 9 y. m.
ir< Elever.th street; open until J p. ra.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- |
turky streets; open until 9 p. m. |
MEETIXC XOTICES.
DORIC Lo<5ge~No. IIS. F. and A. M-— ¦
Fpcclal meeting THIS DAY (Wednes-
day}, at 1:30 p. in., to ettend theTCIC
funeral of our deceased brother, / ? '
NEWELL W. CROCKBR. late a member of
Hare-cod Lodge, Machias. Maine. By order
cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 135. F. and A. M. m
—P. 2nd THIS EVENING. Jan. 30. at ~£\ m
7:20 oclc-k. By n r r3«-r of the W. M. Tt3f
H. FORTRIEDE, SecreUry. /^T>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 168. F. and A. Jb~~
M.— Special meeting 1HIS (WEDNES- _#V_
DAY) EVENING. January 30. at 7 Tt3f
o'clock. Third degree. AV>
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 16?. F. and A. M.— ¦
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. Third De- TC jf i
gree. GEO. P. FLACK. Sec. /V' j
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. xS«S2*>
O. O F.-Initiatlon THTRPDAY fc*»?25S:
January 31, isci. ah -
Odd Fellows Invited. ''%¦»»*'"
JOHN. A. OHLSON, N. G.
WSL P.' HUMPHREYS, Secretary.
K. R. R.-REGT'LAR meeting of j
this society will b» held at our f
bait 1IS.1 Ml-slon St.. THIS jf
• ¦VVKDXEFDAT) EVENINfl. Jan- J* \
uary Ci>, at 8 o'clock Members *% /> '
are earnestly requfsti-J to attend >8SH.TJ*?r j
this meeting. Mist important *y r *£- \
bufine<-s to attend to.
PRESIDENT. :
BT. ANDREWS Fo-iety— Membsrs v -JTNi.
desiring tickets for the memorial A nhyJi
funeral unices In M^chsnios' Pa- "t>>XSj?
vi'.ion. SATURDAY. February *. '•«?• |
ran l^e f=upplie«i at i?;c r-XJir.s of the society";
. on the evening of Thursday. January SI. j
ALLAN IOLLOK. Trestuent. |
G. ST. J. BEEMNER, Secretary. j
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of j
Trill be held at the office of the company, j
r.ymber 2U Crocker building. City and County
<-.f Pan Francisco. State of California, on |
MONDAY, the 31th day of February. 1S01. at i
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose ;
of electing directors for the er.tulnp year and :
the trar-actim of puch other business a- mir '
ccme before ea:d meeting. .
S. IL RICKEY. Secretary. J
Dated January rs. J9C1.
¦ — i — — — — —^—~^ —^ — .^ — .—^ —^ |
tHE California Debris Commission, having re- j
reived applications to mine by the hydraulic j
process from Peter H. Russell, in the Dads
Gulch mine, near Camptonville. Yiiba Co..
to deposit tailings In Brandy Creek: from
\Vm. Abbott and Louis VV. ClarJO In the
Gold H!U placer mine, near Rackerby. Yuba
Co., to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
rcir.e. and from E. C. and P. J. Rlgn-y, In |
the Maxey mine, rear Mountain Ranch. Cal- |
averas Co.. to deposit tailings in O'NeU's ;
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
lrf& at room 6<*. Flood building, San Fran-
c-.-co, Cal..' en February IL 1901, at 1:80 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
er- of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
San Francisco will be held at the office of
the company in the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Montgomery, Post and Mar-
ket »ts.. San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY,
the 4th day of February, lJOt. at the hour of
J o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
a board cf directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the company and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HETXMAN JR.. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED. j
AGENTS wanted— For "Life of Queen Victo-
ria and History of • England and Her Colo-
r.ies." Larjre and splendidly illustrated book;
tiggest terms to agent?: credit and freight j
paid: first agent around will coin money; i
fti<] quick for free outfit. Address Bible !
House. 322 N. l*th et.. Philadelphia, Pa. j
AGENT In every town; new: imported bouse- j
hold r.eces-lty; b*«t thins en the coast.
A<!dre-- Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg., 8.F.
CAPABLE energetic agents fcr city and bay I
towns to represent reliable business. Ad- j
dreys box H3S. Call office. ;
AGKNTS to fipll a new invention. R/x>m 80, !
o.lumbian building. 91S Market et-
LADY or gentleman to take orders; go xl open-
ing for right rarty. S17 Post st- -
JJOO TO $300 per month; men or womcT»; salary
or commission or bnth. 927 Market F-.. r. 615. {
*^— ~— — *~ ~^ -^— — -^— » - 1 -™ — —»~^*— — — — I
ADOPTIOX. . ? i
HEALTHY baby for adoption. WS. DR.
FI-'NKE. 1«C Eighth St.. Alameja. _
ASPHALTI'M nOOF"IXC-;<"
J. PF.LTIER. asphalt roofing. elde»\nlks re- j
paired; postal. U%6 Miepion: te'. Fc' »om 1S"J7. j
»^ — — — — .— .— —^—^— — — ¦ —^— I
ATTORNEYS AT JJl\&
ADVICE free; divorce !aw a spe<-la't;'5 private;
rio fee «lthout fwecees: collection*.*. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market; cor. vStockton. )
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and proliite-Uw a j
_ -r^ecialty. Millg big., r. i. 4th fir.; teljRed SC16. j
ADVICE Iree: *io charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market St.. oprt. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels Tildg.,'827 Mar-
kot et. : consultation free; no fees tn advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ELrCTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
sale. K>36 Point Ixibos ave. j
OOARDIXG FOR CHILDREX. j
WANTED— By respectable married couple, a 1
child to board, over one year old; best care i
given; no other children In family; references
It required. Call ft- address MRS. 8. YER- i
GAPON. 1015 Mission St., near Sixth. j
msixnss ; chances. i
A— $2759: SALOON, few doors nouth of Market
rt.; place kept by owner 12 yoars and Is do- |
ing a good business; sickness only cause of i
wile; net rent $io. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 2G',j t
Kearny rt.
A— $750; SALOON; rent $30; place doing a busl- '
ness of 1700 per month; patronized by sailors
and soldiers; about J300 cleared In 30 days.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny Et.
A — $1000^ tea, coffee' and crockery store, on
Stockton St.; rent $:S; living rooms; fixture;! !
flnd Btock will Invoice the price;' owner en-
raged otherwise. Call R, G. WILKE, 26',i
Keamy Ft.
JV~-*500; CANDY and Icecream parlor; rent J2S;
a place egtabL years and doing a good bu-t- ;
ne-s; owner compelled to leave city at once; j
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26'4 Kearny st. j
A— JSOD; CORNER butcher shop, in northern j
part of city; rent J20: horse, cart; selling 4 ;
cattle and s-bo-jt 15 she»p per we*k; a cash
.custom. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»£ Kearny at.
A-S2003; WINE and liquor business in Oakland, '
with agency for one of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large !
route of private customers; located on prin- !
clpcl Etreet. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ft Kearny. j
A— tSOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
St.; rent $30; place eztab. 20 years; must sell, 1
. as owner wants to retire end give long lease i
to right party. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A-U200: RESTAURANT and cofTee saloon
rinse to Union Iron Works; rer.t $60; 4 years'
lease; a flr-t-class. paying business; owner
must leave for N. Y. to settle estate; inves-
tigate and make offer. R. G. WILKE, 2€',4
Keamy st.
A— HOTEL near Union Iron Works; big bar-
gain; come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt. I
A— RESTAURANT; rorth Market; with living
rooms. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— HOME kitchen and delicacy store; fine lo-
cation. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— CIGAR stand: cne block of Call bldg.; snap 1
this 6zy. COWING & CO.. Market et.
1V<1— SALOON; No. 1 location: fine fixtures:
rul! value: offer wanted. McLACGIILIN,
777*1* Market at.
?*?S— CIGAR Ftore; good stock and trade ;.bar-
gain. McLAUGIILIN, 777^ Market st.
SS.V''' — BUTCHER shop; prosperous country
town: business over '1200 per month. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 7774 Market st.
I'lRST-CLASS paloon; elep-.nl flxturof; must
fell before February 1; owner must go north;
trial given; easy terms: see this bargain.
Apply to' DECKER. 1C29 Market St.
TO buy, sell or exchange real estate, store or
business place «.-all of H. C. DECKER. 1C20
Market rt. No charge for advertising.
A — WE sell the earth and all things appurte-
nant thereto. Do you want a
Rooming-house, best In city
Restaurants at all price.-
Barber shop, 3 chairs. ' cheap .»
And large list of others. DONALD INVEST-
MENT CO.. 850 Market st. .;--.'
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
> tore end basement, with fixtures suitable for
fxocerjr business; sj>ecial Inducements. -Ap-
ply SPECK * CO.. €67 Market ...... ; .ARRIVED. :/
; ¦ . -. :_Tuesday. January 29. •
- Stmr Navarro. ' Hansen. 34 hours ' from Point
Anna, with schr' Barbara Hernster in tow. .[
SAILED.
'. : :• \ r Tuesday, ' January 23.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson/ . - . -• .- . . -. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
• GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Jan 23— Schr
Webfoot," hence 'Jan 19; bktn Monitor, hence
Jan 17. ¦ ' ¦ -••: '¦ '•- ' '¦ ¦: .'¦ - ¦¦ : '
- Sailed Jan 29— Brig Geneva, for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Jan 29 — Schr North
Bend, for- San Francisco.- ¦ -„¦¦-- ._•
¦ 'Arrived ¦ Jan « 29— Stmr j Rival, hence Jan 25. ;,-¦•
' REDONIX) : BEACH-8ailed Jan 29-Stmr
Aberdeen, for San ' Francisco.
- PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Jan 29 — Br stmr
Duke of Fife,'- from ¦ Yokohama. • .
Passed out ; Jan - 29— Br; stmr Caithness, for
China. lajySHBHISJ ' -
LATE SHIPPING INTELUGKN-CE.
William H. Mitker to Mary T. Mocker, lot
on W.llne of Devlsadero street, S7:6 S of Grove,
S «bj-W 110; gift. - - .
Estate of Nora Bedell (by Ellen Magulre.
executrix) to Jeremiah Quinlan. lot on W line
of Stevenson <Lexlngton avenue) street. 133 N
of Twentieth, N 25 by W S3; $3100.
Carrie and Thomas E. 1 Champion to Johanna
Mines (wife of Patrick), lot. on. W, line of
Vlcksburs; street, 69' S of Twenty-second, S
22:6 by W 100; $1500.. •-
Samuel S. and Mamie A. Austin and Geonse
W. Kline (by H. P. Umbnen, commissioner) to
Thomas W. and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on
NE corner of Clipper and Sanchez streets, N
228. E 101:10, S 114, W 75.1S4. S 114, W 25:11;
S12.919 ' .!-¦¦¦ '¦ - '
Thomas \V., Katheflne A.. Christopher C:
and Lily A. Rivers to Lonn Scheafer, lot on E
line of Sanchez street, 44:0!i S of Twenty-fifth.
S 21:11% by E 81:8H; $3000.
Henry Paullssen to Emil -and Constance Pau-
Ilssen lot on N line of Chestnut street, 152 :«
E of Stockton. E 20 by N 70; gift.
¦Cornelius Horigan to Elizabeth B. Horlgan.
lot on E line of Hyde street, 70:10 N of Broad
way. E 1S7:«. S 70:10. W 10. N 60. W 60.. 8 10.
W 67:6. N 20:10; JJOOO. _
Same to eame and Annie M. Horlgan (or
Harrlran), lot on E line of Hyde street, 110
S of .Vallejo. S 27:6 by E 93:6; gift. .
Same to Elirabeth B. HorUran. lot on E line
of Hyde street. 91:8 N of Broadway. S 20:10
b> ga 1 me 37 to' Annie M. Horlgan. lot E line of
Hyde street 112:6 N of Broadway, S 20:10 by E
137:6: $2000. ' - ;
Sharon Estate • Company (a corporation) to
Herbert E. Law, lot on NW line of Minna
Mreet. 444 NE of Third, NW 80, SW 11:2. NW
80 NE 106:10. SE 160, SW 93:8; $140,000.
Michael C. and Edwlna O'B. Dufflcy to Paci
fic States Telephone and Telegraph Company
(a corporation). . lot . on NW line of Natoma
meet, 412:6 NE of Third. NE 20 by NW 70;
Joseph B. Kennedy to John Peltier, lot on
NW line of Clementina street. 225 NE of Sixth.
NE 20 by NW 70; $2500.
David and S«Ilne E. < Lewis to Henry W.
Thumler, lot on W . line ' of Eleventh avenue,
175 N Of I street, N-26 by W 120: $3000.
Mary S. Udell (by Annie E. McWade. for
merly Stewart, attorney) to Nancy M. Llnelctn,
lot on E line of. .Third avenue, 95 N of Hugo,
N 25 by E 120; $692. :
Henry A. • and Ottllie Dunkel to Raymond
Fos and Achllle Block (under firm name of
Fol & Block), lot on E line of Thirty-fifth
avtnue 275 N of K street. N 60 by E.120; WOO.
Duncan W. Milne to Annie M. Milne, lots
131 and' 133, Gift' Map I; gift.
David and Helen Moyes and Helen A. Dalll
more (Moyes)Uo Louis Zwlsslg, lot 16, block
S12 South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; grant.
Builders' ..Contracts. •
¦ Buss -Estate (owner, by Henry Russ, agent)
with - Rufflno '& 1 Clanchl . (contractors), archi
tects Kollof rath - 4 . Deane— Marble and mosaic
work for alterations and additions to Rusa
House, on W line of ; Montgomery street, be
tween Pln» and Bush: $39Ca
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Kiss Nona Ryan Meets With
, Peculiar Accident.
BERESFORD. S. D., Jan. 29.— A pretty
girl in a church pew near a redhot stove
was nearly burned to death as the result
of an explosion caused by the ignition of
a wide celluloid tuck comb In her back
hair. The peculiar accident occurred Sun
day last during the morning service at
St. Mary's Catholic Church. Miss Nona
Ryan, 19 years of age, sat near and with
her back toward the stove, a large Iron
heater of the old cannon type, which is
depended upon solely to heat the large
auditorium. Suddenly a violent explosion
took place in Miss Ryan's hair, which was
coiled upon the back of her head, and im
mediately her whole head was enveloped
in flames. The young lady's frantic cries
attracted* the attention of the congrega
tion. The priest forgot his sermon and
rushed to the aid of the unfortunate girl.
Women screamed and two or three faint
ed. Men In the pews near by rushed to
the lady's side. John L. Reedy and Rob
ert O'Reilly did their utmost to extinguish
the -flames, and failing in every other ex
pedient were forced to cut the hair from
Miss Ryan's head with a Jack-knife,
which was the only accessible instrument
at hand In the dire emergency. All par
ties were badly scorched, but will recover.
' SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 29.— Joseph Conk-
Iln. aged 32. the heir to the large estate of G.
AV. Barger. who committed suicide on January
19. 1900, was this afternoon adjudged insano
and committed by Superior Judge Day to the
Highlands Insane Asylum.
CELLULOID COMB EXPLODES
AND BURNS PRETTY GIRL
Sitting Near a Hot Stove in Church
who is .wanted by United States authori
ties to "stand trial for passing counterfeit
coins In Eureka three years ago, was cap
tured to-day . In the. Pavilion Lodging
houee, by Under Sheriff Ferrill and Chief
of Police Hltchings. Curverson was ar
rested in the latter part of 189S.in this city
and was held to answer nntt sent to San
Francisco for trial before the United
States District Court. "While awalting'the
calling of his case he obtained release on
straw bonds and made his escape, as did
also the worthless sureties on the. bond,
who proved to be professional bondsmen.
• The Federal authorities have known for
some time of Curverson's presence in tnis
county. They probably would have done
nothing toward apprehending him had not
more counterfeit coins appeared here.
The discovery of the last supply of coun
terfeit coins led to investigation by a de
tective of the secret service, resulting in
tne arrest of John Kelson in the early
part of this month. In Nelson's cabin a
complete electroplating plant was found.
It Is believed Curverson knows something
about this outfit, even if he is not directly
responsible for the existence of the coun
terfeit money.
Culprit Who "Jumped" Straw Bonds
Three. Years Ago . Recaptured
~ at Eureka.
EUREKA, Jan. 29.— J. H. Curverson,
COINER CUHVERSON
"f. AGAIN IN THE TOIXS
United States Minister Loomis, accord
ing to the same advices, replied that these
reports were possibly exaggerated, but
that they could not be ignored and that
he would wire the facts to Washington.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad. Jan. 29.-
According to advices received to-day from
Caracas, a trustworthy engineer who haa
arrived there from Pitch Lake reports
that the situation 13 critical. He say3
that 150 English negroes who were em
ployed to do police duty fled when the
insurgents began firing into the Jungles,
only twenty-five Americans being left to
protect the property and lives of Ameri
can families. The messenger' from the
lake implored the United States legation
at Caracas to afford protection, saying
that the lives and property of Americans
were exposed to guerrilla attacks, firing
around the lake going on nightly, and the
Americans are too few to hold out long.
Guard Property.
Natives Flee Leaving- Few Whites to
SITUATION VERY CBITICAL.
The dispute between the Bermudez and
New York Asphalt Company and the
Venezuelan Government Is still unsettled.
United States Minister Loomis, not wish
ing to cause further difficulties for the
Venezuelan Government at this time, has
postponed the preaentationof an ultimatum
on the subject. United States war vessels
are expected. The Lancaster is o"n her
way to La Guayra and the Scorpion is
already there. The Venezuelan Govern
ment had advised the Bermudes Company
to appear to the Venezuelan courts, but
the company refused to do so. alleging
that the courts are under the influence of
President Castro. On the other hand, it
is said the United States Minister is mak
ing an inquiry into the dispute and that
as soon as it is ended attempts to cancel
the concession of the Bermudez Company
will no longer be tolerated.
The Venezuelan Government continues
to send troops to Cumana. and advices
from Barcelona say that the Government
troops In that neighborhood are pursuing
the insurgents very actively. '- .V J
Only, vague reports reach Mere regard
ing the events which are transpiring in
the vicinity of Carupano. That town is
first in the possession of the insurgents
and then again occupied by the Govern
ment. As this dispatch Is forwarded the
Government troops are occupying Caru
pano, where the French cruiser Suchet
remains at anchor. All is quiet on the
island of Marguerite, where the people
who fled from Carupano sought refuge,
and who were arrested as suspicious per
sons.
. According to information -which reaches
this port, the island of Pa to, situated off
the port of Gueria, is in the power of the
Venezuelan revolutionists, who are said
to have defeated the Government troops
commanded by General Velutini, In the
neighborhood of Irapa; but the Vene
zuelan Government has published an of
ficial bulletin denying that the insurgents
were victorious on this occasion.
WILLEMSTAD. island of Curacao.
Jan. 29.— Investigations made by a cor
respondent of the Associated Press snow
that the vessel recently burned by the
Venezuelan gunboat Miranda was a Ven
ezuelan schooner and cot a sloop flying
the British flag:.
the Insurgents "Were Victorious
in the. Battle Near
Irapa.
Government Denies the Report That
Venezuelan Gunboat Did Not
Distroy Sloop Flying
English Flag.
BURNED VESSEL
NOT BRITISH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALlL; WEDNESDAY, JANUARY- 30, 1901.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
PALMISTRY. '
FKEC r!a«s In •:ienllflc palmistry opens for
work Fri3ar. Feb. 1. at Chlrologlcal College.
ZZS Powell st.: students wishing to begin will
recdrsj first lesson Iree; terms reasonable.
H. jnr.OME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tcyl.ir st.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 561.
l ' Xr^J^LJ^ XU PENSIONS.
AD^CE frre; nt» charge uclets ruccessful.
OIXi. p. CAMIT.ELL, Lawyer. Examiner big.
FRED MANN, magnetic therapeutist. 848"mc^
Alllstcr— Heid troubles, weak eyes, falling
Fight, partial blindness, car complaints cured
by try method without medicines.
VAU'ACLF. Information will be given to ajl
persons, addicted to the u$e of cigarettes, Ilq-
i;cr, mcrphlne or any ether drug by MRS. E.
PEARCK. 726 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
Jirn.000 TO loan cn 1st mortgagee: will loan cn
M) j*r cent; ea«y payments; mutual plan.
Arply M. J.. Box' 1176. CaU office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years* experience. J. B. RAY, SC7 Jessie st.
EI-ECTRIC I'.pht !n every room— Winchester
Hotel, 4t Third st.. rear Market: 700 rooms;
I"-c to %l 50 per night: $! DO to t« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
PRIVATE Cetectlve work; rklllful Investlga-
tcr; low rates. I5cx 139S. Call of nee.
FINE fjits. JIG: dreps pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, «J7 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DEP.BT end Fedora hats. 11 75. Popo-
lar Price Hatters. £30 Kearny st.. near Fine.
WHY g-ue««? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Pattern*: February styles
reaoy. I-OMCSTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market St.
¦U'HITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr £yjt)e. J2 :5. EASTERN' OUTFITTrNO
CO.. i3i%IS:i Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SVPrP.ri.i:ors hair and moles destroyed with
electric r.Qfdle. MIES EATON. 1119 Suttsr st.
MAPyUERADE cAMuir.es. p5»y bocks w'.rs;
r-ur.try crjers. GOLDSTEIN' A CO.. 7S3 Ukt. I
15R. LAliOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; t:c; all Crutgists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray j
»n'.r to Its natural color; tl; at all druggists. ,
PHYSICXAAS AXD SURGEONS. |
LH. C C. ODONNELL— Office and reildencei
1>21H Market ft., between Siith and gev-'nth..
JtHAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR PALE.
Baldwin" & howell^
10 Montgomery ct.
lU.CCO — Lasruca ct.. aear Golden Gate ave.; lot
SC'x$7:6; 3 fiats; rents $3S.
Ji.COO— Tehama St.; rent* 146; lot 25x80.
j:p, 000— Seventh st.. near Mission; 100 feet front-
age: frtm« Improvements; rents $1C5;
• near new Postoffice.
fT.EOO— Comer Second st. or.d Silver ave.; lot
7OxS5; 2-stcry house.
J4.C00— Make oJTer: mu«t be ec'.d to close as
estate; corner on Seventh st; rents $15
per nicnth; lot Isx75.
J7.C00— Rents fS6; lot tCxTS; store and Cats on
Ritch st.
JT.EOO— Rues St.. near Howard; lot 30x100; large
house,
j:.5C0— Rents $«: Xatoina it., near Sixth;
eplendld ixrrrovemeEts.
JS.2D0— Fcltcm et.. near Third; store and Cat;
rents K0.
flJ.OOO— Let tixTi; sf>re ar.fl loigrSne-house; half
block from Fifth and Market ets.
$<, 750— Rents 14?: Branr.an et., near Third;
4 tenements; lot £7:6x127:6.
J2.0C*— Twer.ty-fourih st., near Sanchez; lot
25x114; 2 f.ats: must be sold. .
IE.E0O— Rests t'A: Guerrero St.: business prop-
erty, stores and flats; lot 37x87.
J12.E00— Ho»arf-ft. business corner; rents $90;
store er.d flats.
$S,2iO— eever.teenth-st. business corner, stor«
and fiats; rents $70.
$3. CCO— Shotwell St.; rplentlid block: lot XOx
ITI.-C; house, driveway, stable, etc.
$1,500 — Ea?y terms; new cottage, S rooms and
bath; let 2Sxl£3; Mission warm belt.
$1.730— Dc lores st.; nice cottage; lot 23x100.
$1,750— Church st. ; big bargain; house. 6 rooms
and bath.
16,000— Washington St.. rear corner: 2-story
fcrick building, near Hall of Justice.
J15,C0*— Sutter et.: downtown; rents $210; busi-
ness property.
Ill.EOO— Rents $1TO; business corner on Wash-
ington et.; brick building.
$S,E0O— Rents ISO: Sacramento St.; nice loca-
tion; lot 3Cxl27:C; 5 fiats.
$4,200— Rents $" 60; best bargain yet; corner
etore and dwelling; downtown location,
Sacramento st.
$350— Cottage of ' 4 rooms, near Hyde and
Union Ets.
C.7S0— Rents $45; Pine st. near Taylor; fine
location for Sate.
$17.SC<V— Four large downtown flats: rents $149
per month; extra large lot; Powell et.;
fine view.
$:;.0CO— OFarre:! et., near Jones; S flats; pays
• • € per cent net.
f:6.£C0— Rents $150: lot ElxU7:«; Montgomery
ft., rwr Jackson; large . 8-story brick
building.
£2,500— Lot 6CxS7:6: McAllister st. opposite City
Hall; frame Improvements.
$57,500— Rents IC"; near Larkin and Ell'.s sts. ;
large lot: frame Improvements.
$8,500— Rents $£2 50- very cheap; 3 flats near
Larkin and Washington sts.
$14,KiC — Business property cn Larkin st.; S-story
bullcirg.
$12,000— Rents $120: near Jackscn and Kearny
ets.; 3-story brick.
$2,S0O— Jcnes ft., near Union; marine view;
house, 6 rooms and bath.
$:4, 000— Jeckeon ft., near Hyde; S new flats;
rests $1C2 CO.
«:?,CCO— Rents $177 SO; 3 new Cats; California
and Jones sts.
$12,CCC— Bush et.. near Powell; 4-story and
basement ; pays well.
$S,CCO— Pierce et.. near. Halght; nice 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath.
{5, MO— Marine view residence: Vallejo st, near
Buchanan; lot 40xl27:<-
$3,500— Half cash: nice cottage; Frederick St.,
near Athbury.
J4.CC&— Brodertck st.. near Washington; cottage
: ' £ rooms and bath.
Cf. 600— Rents $110: Sacramento st., near De-
vieadero: lot 65xl27:S 1 4-
321,000— Sutter-st. corner; 5 houses; rents $150;
must be sold to close an estate; large
lot.
tl4,000— Rents $110; elegant new Cats opposite
Alamo Square. Scott st.
I1X.PCA— Octavla-st. corner, near Haight; frame-
Improvements; large lot.
$S,££0— McAllister st.. near Laguna; rents $S5;
lot 27:Cxl20 to rear st-
$i,E00— Lvon Et., near Hayes; B flats; rents
$50.
lU.tOO— Three flats; Hayes st; lot 85x137:6;
rents $100.
JC.OOO— Big bargain; 2 flats; Halght st.. near
Stelner.
$12,COO— R^nts P0: 3-story frame bulWlnr, store,
etc. ; Haight-et. comer.
$H,£0C— Rents *:CS; lot 55xl0C; Bush-st corner;
ttore ana flats.
fJt,l<Xr— Post tt.; lot SCxS7:6; 3 houses; down-
town.
f:e,&00— Rents $114; 3 CaU and 2-story house;
Pevi*adero tt.. near Geary.
fK.OOO— Large bup'.ness corner on Fillmore St.;
frame improvements.
$7.000— Rer.ts $>2; Fulton st. near Octavla;
Cats. Mr.
$5.000— Rents $42 £0; 2 new flats; Golden Cat*
ave.
$500— 6ur.*et District, opposite music Etana;
rraded ani eewered; $25 cash, 55 per
month.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare chance for homebullders and
Investment seekers.
Choicest building lots cn very easy
payments; on the H-street elec-
tric cars and fronting Gold-
en Gate Park and the
Lota and streets on official grades;
macadamized: plank sidewalks.
gas and water eervlce.
Low prices— bound to Increase In
» value.
TOUR OWN TERMS. INTEREST
ONLY SIX PER CENT.
MONET ADVANCED FOR BUILD-
ING PURPOSES. - •
Call at once at our branch office
(open week days. Sundays and holi-
days), comer H etreet and Sth ave-
oue. »outh of Golden Gate Park.
and ask to be shown these beautiful
lots. Full particulars and price
lists also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
19 Montgomery etreet.
special".
tzs.mo
J<260. .rents per annum; will pay 10% net
Nob Hill :
THREE NEW FLATS
high . . sightly . .elevation . .elegant view. .
rwell neichborhood.. rented under lease.
Nothing better to be had. Lot £5x137:6.
• Apply to
BALDWIN * HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATE AGENT,
CS2 Market et., room 2.
jra>— <2xS5; Minna «t; with 4 flats, rented,
at $50; this is a splendid Investment;
must be sold.
tJf.000 — Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
m-lth Improvements; near City Hall;
fine Investment; part cash, balance on
6 per cent mortrajre; always rented.
$12,100— WxTS ft.; fine Improved corner; south
cf Market St.. nJth fine improvements;
always rented; $1275 yearly: bargain.
$e«>0— 4*>x£5 ft., on west line of Valencia st..
near Twenty-third, with double house
of S rooms and bath; each fine invest-
ment.
tlX.OOO — Beautiful corner residence of 1« rooms
and all modern Improvement*: fine loca-
tion; best bargain offered In the city.
$-J,000— Fine investment on Mason st, near
OFarrell: fine improvements.
$37,500 — Fine Improved business corner, payine
near ST.OO.
I iiave several fine corners south of
Market «.. rood Investment, paying
well; great bargains.
$12,000— Kxl20 ft.: Bush, near Polk st. with
good improvements: must be sold; bar-
' gain: price reduced.
CaU and m* me If you want to eell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN, 622 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
LARKIN. S04 — Large sunny back room; fur-
nished; one or two persons; light housekeep-
»ngj |6. ¦ . , - .- - ,
MISSION, 172814. near 13th-Two sunny fur-
nlehed rooms; oath and laundry: $9. ...
OCTAVIA. 1408, cor. Geary— Large, sunny bay-
wlndow; also single room; with kitchen. .
O'FARRELL, 64S— One large unfurnished house-
keeping room; furnished rooms for gentlemen.
I'INE. 14J8 — F*urnlehed rooms for housekeeping;
J also single rooms; sun all day. . -
POLK, E22— Desirable unfurnished and fur-
nlthed rooms.
SIXTH. 1S6— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
lng. . . . . ¦
SOUTH PARK, 116-3 well-furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; others.
SUTTER. 678 — Floor for housekeeping and
other rooms for gentlemen. • .
TENTH, 136— Sunny housekeeping rooms, large
yard; and other rooms.
TURK, 613— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gaa. range; 112 per month.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st .-...-
ROOMS^TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTeK l21~Grant ave.— Best dollar
a day family hotel In city; polite attendance?
large rooms; modern . conveniences ; rooms 50c
up; first-cless meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night. . . . -
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Large sunny well fur-
nlshed front suite; suitable for 3 or 4 adults.
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 5M (The Elk)-Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
FOLSOM, 834— $1 week; large sunny furnished
room; running water; closet; bath; private.
ELEVENTH, 3S4H-Sunny furnished room.
with bath; very reasonable.
FOURTH, 14»— New furnished sunny rooms,
from $5 up to $12 per month.
FOURTH, 225— Nice tunny room, suitable for
two; also slnsle rooms.
GEARY.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOUGH, 1613— A large- nicely furnished front
room, with hot and cold water; very con-
venlent for two gentlemen. -
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, 922. near Fifth— Newly i furnished
sunny rms.; gas grate; $6 up; prlv. family.
JESSIE. 26«. first floor— Furnished room for 2
gentlemen; also single.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite or 2 or S
rms; private; bath; sin, rms; board optional.
MINNA. 267. bet. Third end Fourth— Furnished
rooms, from $3 per month upward.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window rooms; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, wTt., mo.
PAGE. 9. off Market— Front . furnished single
room for gent, $4 60 month ; gas : closet. .
I'.OYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per niiht, 35c to $1 BO; week. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on irrouhd floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦
KOSEDALE House. 313-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 23c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SACRAMENTO,' 1611 Two sunny furnished
rooms. . ¦ - ...
SEVENTH, 438—4 sunny rooms for hous'keep-
lng. ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 1S07— Nice front furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
SUNNY front rooms; nicely furnished; cen-
trally located. Box 1343, Call office.
SUTTER. S20',4 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $S; suites, $12 to $25 mo.
SUTTER. 717— Very choice room. Including
bath, elegant house. $S.
TAYLOR, 611 (Norwood )— Rooms en suite and
single; phone: hot and cold water: sunny.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fll!more. ;
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements antt
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex KC7 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 11034 Broadway, cor. 12th Ft. Oak-
land. tcp floor: MRS. M.C. ROBINSON. Prop.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204— Sunfly suUe- par-
lors: alcove room: with or without board.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 41}
First »t.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FREE clinics for the deserving poor will re-
open Feb. 1, Pacific Coast Regular College of
Medicine, 818 Howard St., near Fourth.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery nt.. rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bouarht. void and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. 2O.V4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needle* and
shuttle*: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
STORAGE AXD "WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLIPH r 6t orage and ~Mo7rhip~Co!':
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 571J.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
IiEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st :
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, '" b'ou's* or privafe lines! *4 50 a
yet: electrical work Installed. 1536 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
ORE AT^BARGAINS IN
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E3« California: telephone Main 266.
• DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of sixty cents per
share has been declared, and is payable on
and after Mpnday, February 11, 1901, at the
Union Trust Company of Ban Francisco.
Stock books will close on Tuesday, February
E. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company.- By order, of the Board of
Directors. ¦ * I , ¦<
HENRY VAN BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No! 118 (fifty
cents per ehare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable, at the office of
the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday, February 1, 1901. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. January tt. 1901." at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
~~, UABBIAGE LICENSES.
I i ¦¦' -
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Frank E. Ware. 36. Shasta, and Lilian D.
Rae. 21, E24 Waller' street.
Cl.arles E. Adams. 50. 724 California street,
and Mabel Labree, 36. 724 California street. -
Antonio Gatelli, 28, Martinez, and , Delfina
RafTetto, 36. Martinez.
John J. Recrallo, 30, 743 Golden Gate avenue,
and Lillian M. Young, 25, 743 Golden Gate ave.
Alexander Jacobl, 35, 1315 . CFarrell . street,
and Caroline Patek. 27. 1425 Larkin street.
James Rennle,- 27, 250 Clinton Park,' and
Jessie F. Brown. 27, 250 Clinton Park.
William M. Comerford. 27, city, and Rosa
W. Regan. 20. city. ' ¦ -. - ¦ . --
BIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will/ not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either or the publication otncea and be,
Indorsed with the name and residence of -per-
sons authorized to have the same published.- .
BOKNY
- TAYLOR— In this city,/ January *1. 1901, . to
the wife of Robert Lew .Taylor, .a son. .. - .
MARRIED.
ADAMS— LABREE— In this city. January 29.
. 1901.. by. the Rev. *Dr. . John A. B. Wilson.
Charles ' B. : Adams - of t Lyons,-. N. Y., and
Mabel Labree of San Francisco. V -••.--
GUMMER— McKEE—Int San .Jose-' 'January. 23.
1901. . by , the Rev. Mr. Lewis. Frank Alfred
Gummer ¦ of . San Francisco and ¦ Georgia Mc-
Kee of San Jose. < - ;;.; -• -,
LEVY-REDLER-Ia this city. January 27,
KEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOn SALE.
O. H. WIBSEX & CO..' 14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY, February 4. 1901.
at 12 nccn.
REFEREE SALE.
The two following properties by order of R.
H. Fitzgerald.- sole referee, subject to confirma-
tion by the court:
No. 1.
N. VT. corner Bryant and Harriet sts.. be-
tween 6th and 7th; Improvements consist of
store and 4 dwellings, which could be made to
yield a go«d Income with little outlay; lot 75x75.
No. 2.
Folsom St.: N. W. line. bet. 4th and 6th; im-
provements consist of cottage of 5 rooms and
coal yard with stable, etc. ; rent S40 per month.
which is low: lot 73xS0.
M. CARLISLE ESTATB.
Executors' Sale.
Devlsadero St.; W line bet. Sutter and Bush;
lot £2:6x100; ground rent $15 per month: Im-
provements thereon belong to the tenant; sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
KATOMA-bTREET FLATS. ,
£13-545 Natoma St.. bet. 6th and 7th; 2 Hats of
4 rooms each; rents %2$ per month; street ac-
"^ItYANT-STllEnT BUSINESS CORNER.
»W Ilryant st.: N. W. corner Chesley ; store
and 4 rooms with flat of 6 rooms above; rents
J35 per month; both streets accepted: lot 24x90.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
B. WT cor. Pine and Lycn ets.; 8 choice build-
ing lots; level er.d ready for building; lots 25x
S7:« and »g» cS gg£ AX ESTATB .
32*3 Harrison St., south of Preclta ave.; cot-
taire cf 4 rooms; lot SSxlOO.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
440 and 442 Harriet st.. off Brannan. bet. 6th
and 7th- 2 cottajtes of 3 rooms each; lot 25x75.
MISSION CORNER.
S VT. Jersey and Vicksburg sts.; cottage of
4 rooms and bath; rent 110 per month; corner
portion cf lot not built on: lot 34x75.
MISSION COTTAGE.
2Z5 2Sth st.. bet. Church and Sanchez; bay-
window cottagt.of 4 rooms; rent $10; lot 25:8x
l ''" MISSION COTTAGE.
18 Valley st.. near San Joes ave.; cottage of
6 rooms; rent $10: lot ;Cxll4.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Clipper St.. north line near Church; 2 lots;
level and ready for building; 23:541114 each,
i For further particulars apply at our office.
rur iu Q H i; M BSEN & CO..
j 14 Montgomery st.
I r- -
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
BANKS PAY S PER CENT.
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH.
ANNUAL INCOME $552 PER ANNUM.
$3500—6 flats of 4 and 3 rooms, near Fourth
and .Bryant sts.
ANNUAL INCOME $515 PER ANNUM.
$3750—4 flats of 5 and 3 rooms, brick founda-
tion; near Second and Howard sts.
ANNUAL INCOME $576 PER ANNUM.
J4CS0 — « flats of 4 rooms cn Capp St.; 30x115.
ANNUAL INCOME $505 PER ANNUM.
SieOO— J handsome flats of 5 and 6 rooms on
Bartlett st. near Twenty-first.
ANNUAL INCOME $C24 PER ANNUM.
$3300— 8 fine well built bay-windowed flats of
S. 5 and S rooms and bath; Minna St.,
near Ninth.
ANNUAL INCOME $000 PER ANNUM.
$£€50— S handsome flats of 5 rooms and bath;
Twenty-third st.. near Howard.
ANNUAL INCOME $600 PER ANNUM.
JCCOO— 3 new modern flats of 5 and 7 rooms
and bath; Scott St.. near FelL
ANNUAL INCOME $698 PER ANNUM.
15-00 — 4 fiats of 4 rooms and bath on Ellis
St.. near Scott.
ANNUAL INCOME $S05 PER ANNUM.
$7000— $5000 mortgage, can remain; 35x107:6 ft.;
on Franklin St.. near Hayes.
ANNUAL INCOME $34S PER ANNUM.
ITCOO— 5 fiats of 4. 5 and 6 rooms ; all rented;
40x75. near Fourth and Harrison sts.
ANNUAL INCOME $925 PER ANNUM.
J7I00— Near Bush and Stockton sts.; 30x60;
¦* 3 new modern flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath.
ANNUAL INCOME 4S40 PER ANNUM.
JS500— Northeast corner on -.Twenty-first st. ;
3 houses of 6 rooms and bath; lot S2x
85 feet.
ANNUAL INCOME $1152 PER ANNUM.
JlO.tOO— 3 modern flats on Eddy St.. near Web-
ster; 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
120 back to rear street.'
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63$ Market st.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS. I • *
A. M. BPECK A CO., -
€67 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNY.
£300.
Two nice flats near Sixth St.; rented for $22;
<4 ca&h.
$3800.
Four flats; rents $4$; downtown, near 4th st. ¦
$6000.
Thre« choice flats: near Post and Taylor sts.; ;
pays 10 per cent: 27 feet front: offer wanted.
$5500— HYDE-ST. CORNER.
12-room house; lot 40x90 feet.
JSOOO.
Market st.: north side; 30 ft. front; near
Valencia st.
$11,000.
Sutter st.. near Taylor: very cheap.
$11,000—3 BRAND-NEW FLATS.
Rented under lease for $102 a month; half
cash required.
$7500.
- lals: grand new; east of Van Ness are.;
rents $72; all rented.
$7750.
Flats; few blocks from Van Ness ave.; rents
{SO; all rented; v. cash.
$14,000.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson st.
$14,000— REDUCED FROM $18,500.
Business property; same tenants for years;
store and roomlng-houEe.
$16,000.
Grand corner: Leaven worth st.: 60 feet front:
all rented for $125; mortgage $9000 can remain
at * per cent.
$73.000— REDUCED FROM $82,000.
Choice corner lot, 76-foot front; within half a
block of Market Ft.; with old Improvements:
rents about tlOO; the only corner that can be
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
112.000. •
Rents $100; 3 new flats: choice locality.
$20,000.
Corner. 60 feet front; vicinity Sutter st.. east
of Hyde; grand hotel, of fleeter rooming-house
site; rents 1107. . X
$SS,t)0O INVESTED.
Grand corner; brand-new building: guaran-
teed IeaFe pays 1500 a month net.
$15,f«0O— VICINITY SECOND ST.
Corner Kxlto feet, with Improvements; rent-
lnr for $100 per month.
This district Is boomlner.
$14,000— NEAR SECOND AND MISSION.
Lot 4:x70 fe«t; rent* nominal; a sure snap.
¦ $20,000. /
Eutter-st. corner: S7:6xS7:«: elegant Improve-
ments; rents $3*00 per annum.
$100,000.
Market st., near Call; 6 per cent net.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
CS7 Market st.. opposite Kearny.
Correspondent* solicited.
$6«»— HOUSE and lot In the 900 block of Pine
St.. on easy terms; $300, lot 100x120. cor. Man-
sell and Princeton sts. PATTERSON & CO.,
11 City Hall square.
IK you hav» property north of the Park and
you wi«h to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
OUNN tin California «t. vr *¦;--:•:
REAL ESTATE COUXTRY— For Sale
M. ORIFFIN. 718 Market, sells and exchanges
<_ty and country realty; printed lists; Sonoma,
Santa Clara, Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma. for
fre» copy of Ponoma Co. real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3500— ELEGANT new house. 8 rooms and bath!
BO-ft. lot; palm and fruit trees; $2400- new
t^U^t'SJ? 11 "' t3W Ca * h ' m per momh -
J. H. YOUNG, owner and builder. 1243 Park.
tCOO— TO close an estate; flr.e building corner
lot. 40x100; bet. railroads; 2 blocks Hhrh
School; street work complete; bargain. See
cwner. A. O. BURNS. 1501 Park st.; Alamed"
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 9-room cottage near-unlrerslty: a
targala, Apply FERDINAND HOLTUM 617
California or 2C15 Steuart st. S. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FCIIXITURE ¦ FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th ind Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 725. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom furnished. $7. ...
FOURTEENTH. 216— Large sunny front . room
and connecting room; suitable " housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 708— Nice, sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas stoves; reasonable.
JESSIE, 363, near. Fifth and- Market— Sunny
housekeeping rooms, (9 per month.
SDr. Gibbon's Disjjensary,
| 62O KE.IR.NT ST. EstabUsbed
\ Iii 1*34 for the treatment of I'rlvate
1 Dhca^ei. Ixw t Manhood. Debility or
»<1i«Ms<> tceariogon body and mini! and
¦Skin Disease*. The Doctor curewwhen
¦others fait. Try him. . Charge* low.
jgrnrfagoamiitreit. Callor wri^.
iiVBROS. tiux Francisco, CaJ. _
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
n 49.
NITW TAVERN OF TAMALPAT3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. €21 Market St.. Sausallto Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a- m.: 1:45 and 4:03 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00, 11:30, and 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:53 a. m. week ' days— Cazadero and way
stations. -*. ¦ • -•'¦ . =¦ .
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. . . — . -
- 1:00 a. m/ Sundays— Tomales and 'way
ctatlona. ' .
Commencing September SO, 1900. -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO a TO a MILL VALI^r
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. •»:13.U:00 a. m.. i.a,
MB. 400. 6:15, •6:15.-6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill .Valley and - San
Rafael on Mondays. -Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. «i:li
3:15. »4:45. «:30. J:00 p. m.
Trains marked" (•) nin to San Quentln. ~.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5.M. -6^30. 7:45. 9:30 a.
•12-30 1:45, •3:30. 4:30. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, v Wednesdays
and Saturdays at- 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :20. *i:00. KQiOO. «U:43 a. m.
•1:40. •fAS.- 4:45. *«:S0 p. m. , *
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCIScb
WEEK DAYS-5:43.> «:4S. 7:55. 9:30 a. hi'
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p.- m. Jm
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 8:06. 10:03 a. m., 12:05. $05.1-30.
5:00. C:45 p. rn. ~? -w *
Via Sautallto F«rry,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 1:00 p 4:Mp
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•¦ Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 1:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 1:27 p 7:C8 a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:63 a
" Bksfleld . «:50p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City 2:41 a 7:S0a
'* Chicago 2:15 p »:00 p
a for morning. P for afternoon. .
9:00 a. m. train \n the California Limited.
Carrying Palace- Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:85 n. m. dally.
4:20 p. m.ls Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrive* at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Bleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palac*
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. , ' Cor-
responding train arrives »t 5:55 p. m. dally.
7-20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
t't all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
re«pondlng train arrives at 8:49 a. m. dally.
OfOcen — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway. Oak-
lanrt. : ' ' - - ¦'
souTtaKKJc rAcino vonniT.
' (VAOiriO STSTCM.)
Tisil— !•««• msmi »r* «In* I* nrrlv* at
mam ritAN«:i.<«<:o.
. ~ (Main Una. Foot of *Ur*et Sue«l) V
liaY) — From JaSUaat I, I90L — Alam
7iSOa Beaida. SuUan, E'.mir*. VaeaTQla,
Kumxt; and .-«»cr»u»<>iiM» 7il.1r
. ;:I9iDmI\ Woodland. Ka!<hU L»adln*.
MirrsTllle.OrofiiI«. 7i<8r
. TiSOi Atlaatla Kxpress— Ogden »ad Kwl ISilSr
" S:O«A Miftine*. SaulUinon. V*l!oju. Nap*.
UaUatoca and Haota ltosa filar
S:OOa Xllu, LUermora. Tr»cy. L*tluop,
Stockton 7tl3r
•iSt* SnuU I tpr?ss— D»tI«, WUUaauffor
Bwtlstt Springs), Willow*. Rsd
Blufl. Portland. 7il3f
SiSOa San Jo«e. Ll'ermote, Htooklon. >
Ions, Stormiuento. PUonrUle,
M*rjitlll«, Chleo. Ke.l liiuiT 4it*r
¦t8O* O»kd»!f. Chinese, Honor*, Carters... 4il3p
W.ort* Hajwsnls. Mies sad W»» Stations. 1 IiISa
¦ iOOaLm Ancelea Express — Martinet.
Traer. Lakitrop. ntooktoo. ilriced
Fraauo aud Los Angoles 7il1p
•i3Oa Yallejo. Mafttuex nut Way Stations &il3r
10:00a Toa OTerlaudLimlted-Ogdeo, D«a*
ter. O'liahs. Ch!ca«"> •:4V>
I 1:OOa Nllr«. Stockton. Haoramento. Men.
data, fresaot Baaford. Vballa,
Pon-riMo «il3»
11:00a LlTennor*. Banger. Goihea Jaaa- ?
tloa. Btkenfleld. Los Anzeles •>
tliOOr Sacrameuto Uliet Sto«ui«t» fSiOSA
3i«»r Haywardi, Kites and Way Stations.. S>i«r
4i«»r Kartlue*. Man lUuioti. Vallejo, '*
N»r>», Callatoga. SunU Rosa HiISa
4iOOr nenlcl*. Winters, {Jaeumaotot
Woodland. KuUbU l.«uJlnc.
Mary**Ulf>. OtroTillo li'f**
4i»o* Hsyvarda. Wiles ami Ban Jom...... tj 1 ***
5tOO* NUes, Llrermora, Stockton. Lodl ... I««43a
•SiOOr Unmet limited. El Fm<* New
Orleans and Eul 10i13a
3:00? The Owl limited— Tracy. r»e«uo.
Bakerafieki. Hangns for SanU Uar-
bara. Los AdbbIos. 1*iI3a
StOmrVsw Orleaaf Eipress-IJaken««ni.
H»uU liarb»r».lxs ADfeles. Deu»
Inz. El Paio, New Orieaus and
| Eut ." 7il»*
•swOp Hay wards. XHot and Saa Jose ''I* 4
t«iOOr ValloJ -. -• 1I*«3a
•i»«rOrienUl Msll-Ojden, Cbtjwn*
Omahs, Chicago HtlSf
8«0 Or Orient »l MaU-Ogdea. DenT«r.
Omaba, Chio*«o. «>t3r
7:O«r Ot<fK<>ii and California ISxpress.Hao.
i»i>ieiiti.. Marysfllla. Ue<lilliif,
rorllanil. Piifet Mound »>>-l Kasi 8>I5a
fltOSpBaa P*blo. P««ri Costs, Martian
and Way Stations *I'1"5*
}WlwJr Vallfjn 1**9t
fOAVr IUTISIO1 (^«rroi» ««»»•).
(fo<>totM»rk«i8treel.)
Bl 1 3 A Newark. Center? Ille.San Jo««,F»lton.
UoniaerCreek.«»iiUCriuan4Way
HuUous -••- ••«•»
fSilSr Hewarlr, CentetTtlle. S»u Jos*. JIow
Almadeo. r«IU>n. H»ul«ler Creek.
8aaU Cms and Principal Way
8UUOIIS ?•••••4
4il.1r Newark. »»n Jo««. Los Gatos S«»»a
a»:30? Huntsn" Exsurmloii. San Jose and
WayStitfoos l«r«»F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
trtm SI! raUClSCO— r»»l it tuitt Jlrnt(S:i» !)—
t7;15 J:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 3:00 5:Up.m.
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— H t& ISM
10J0a.m. 13:00 t:0O 4:00p.m.
COAST DITISIO5 (Broad Uaajre).
. . (ThlrJ mid To^mem! 8ta>
ieil»A Oeeait Vl««. Hoiiin Han >'raod«eu.. |»:Uur
?i..A Hau Jom »»•» Way HUU.ms (N.w
Almaileu W«<lne«d»js only) li»l»»
».••* Han Jos«. Tres lMuos. H»nU Crtix.
Pacific <lrof«. Paso Itnhlcs. Hau
Lull Ol>Ui>«. Hurf. Lompoo and
Prliiei;>al Way SWtai 1'lt*
iniio* Sao Jnsa aud Way Statlous. »'M*
1 1:311 a Han Jom an.) Way .Stations ........ •«»•"
f4i I3r San Mateo, Uedwooi. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. oanUClar*. Sail Joas.
Tre» Ptaos. 8ant» Crux. Sallnsa,
Monterey and Paeiflo Gro»e flwiSjUA
?¦tlwpSan Jose aud Way Stations Z'?? f
HtlSfBanJosoaudPrlneipal Way Stolons fJilSA
tSsOOrSsn Josk, Los Gatos sad Prlndp»l O|>4
3i3Op SMJ^^nap'iinripmiWa'F Station. .J'*?*
•i3ttp San Joss aud Way jJUtlous 'J,**
qlli45r San Jose and Way Stations 7;30f
AforMoniine. P'«Aften£Oi^
t Auuday etefivted. * »«»«» m9-
t Mondajs. Wednesdays, fTtdajs.
c TuMdays. Thursdays. SoBdaia,
a Saturday only.
CALIOTNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
;¦ :'I; V, UE3SSB3BJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
- Ssn Francisco t-» Sun R«f»el.
TIEUP.ON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WKEK DAYS-7J0; »:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:». l:J0.
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Hxtra trips at 1:50 and
11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. J:W. U:C0 a. m.: 1:30. 1:10. 5:00,
1:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclssco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:M, U:10 a. m.: U:«.
1-A3. 5:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:U
SUNDAYS^:10." 1:40.' 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 1:49, «:«.
C:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park.
same schedule a» tbovt.
L«av« I In Effect I ArrlT»
San Francisco. { Nov. T.. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | DcsUnatlon. [ days. | Daya.
7S0am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 5:40 an
1:30 pm »:30 aai Petaluma. 1:06 pm »:H am
S:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:ZX pm
Fulton.
7 -30 am • Windsor. 10:13 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyserrllle.
8: JO pm 8:00 am ClorerdaleL 7 -JS pm <:O pm
7 JO ami I Hopland I I
• I »:C0,am| and Uklah. j 7:S pm| I:O pm
7:30 am I 1*:23 am
8:00 ami GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I 0:2? mn
7-30 cm 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami S;40 am
v_ and
B-.18 pm S:CO pm Olen Ellen. | «:05 pm| «:M pm
7:J0amf 8:«0am| 110:40 am 110:25 am
1:30 pm| »:0O pm| Scbastopol. I 7:35 pm| 4:M pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlca-s and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for AKruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle fcr Ska?g3 Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
1 Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
; bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Eprir.g!". Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John ' Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln H«lehts. Hullvllle. Orr*» Hot 8prtngs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
WUletts, Laytonvllle. Cummings. Bell's Sprtnga.
Harris. Olsess. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re~
duced rate*. ' \
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. ¦
¦ Ticket office. 830 Market st, Cnronlcls bulld-
Inr. '-¦¦¦'¦¦ R- X. RYAN.
U. C. WIUTIXQ. Gen. Pamst Art.
Gen. Manager. "
California
Limited
Passing on the Santa Fe
San Francisco to
Chicago in 3 days— the
PASSAGE
BIRD
OF
1901, by the Rev: Hyman Eamuelson," Morris
and Annie L. Redler. both of San
Francisco. . . : " : ... . . •
V S ST J" I^ :B ~"A t the home of the bride's uncle.
• S: % ln , th *» city. January 28, 1901, by
the Rev. Frank S. Ford; John Llndsey Vest
°L Ban ,£f anclsco and torenna Lee of Kelsey-
Vllle, Cal. -:•:¦. ¦
: DIED. . ', • ;
Anderson. Mary E. Kellogg, Charles A.
BJelopola2 Nlchola . Koegel. Frank A.
Bollman. Elirabeth Lamotte. Charles
Cassidy. Philip Langlol. Edward
Cassou. Bernard F. Lombard! Giovannina
, Connolly. James H. Madden. Mollle
Craig. Michael S. Manrow. Mamie V.
Crocker, Newell W. Mason. Bessie
Crosby. George O. . Mein, Willie
Cullen. Edward - Aloore. Edward
Dalmas. Laura Morriarty, Timothy
Debnsy, Capt. Gerard Noble. Jamea
Egan, Willlam-M.- O'Connor. Mary
Fox. Thomas Paullssen. Henry
Q lr "* w o°d. Douglas Regll. Arthur F.
Goldstein. Moses Ruggles. George
Harrigan. Cornelius Schachmayr. Mrs. A.
Hess. Dr. Luther P. Soule. Andrew J.
Horn. Bernard Welch. William J.
Jorskl. Adam Zickraff. -Michael
Kawagachi, Jack — — ¦- -
ANDERSON— In this city, January 29, 1901,
Mary E., beloved daughter of Ralph and the
late Mary E. Anderson, and sister of Katie
and Robert Anderson. : a native - of Los An-
geles, aged 12 years and 4 months. .
BJELOPOLAZ— In Oakland. January 29. 1901.
Nlchola BJelopolaz, a native of Grahavo,
Monter.osro, aged 23 years. -
| (CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-monow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Russian
- Church, Powell and Union streets. San Fran-
Cisco. Interment Mount , Olivet Cemetery.
BOLLMAN-In this city, January 27, 1901.
Elizabeth G. Bollman. sister of John. Alex-
ander and William Bollman. Mrs.- Julia Fra-
netta and Mrs. George Morrell, aged 47 -years
1 month and 8 days. - .
CASSIDY-A solemn . month's mind requiem
mass will be celebrated this day (Wednes-
day), at St. Joseph's Church, at 9 o'clock,
for the repose of the soul.^X the late Philip
Cassiay. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
CASSOU— In» Oakland, January 28, 1901. Ber-
nard F. Cassou, son of Mr. and ' Mrs. J.
Casuou. grandson of Monnlque Larborde. and
nephew of Mr. and Mrs. B. Cassou and Miss
Catherine Larborde, aged 2 months and 28
days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at
the residence of Mrs. J. Cassou. 820 Frank-
lin street, corner' Sixth. Interment 8t Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
CONNOLLY— In this city. January 23. 190L
at his residence. 855 Hayes street, James
H., beloved husband of Margaret Connolly,
and father of Mary, Agnes, John and Mar-
garet Connolly, a native of New Ross,
County Wexford, Ireland.
CRAIG— In this city, January 27, 1901. Michael
S. Craig, beloved brother of the late Wini-
fred Shannon, and uncle of Michael and the
late Theresa and Eugene Shannon, a natlva
of Klhmanagh. County Roscommon, Ireland,
aged 88 years 8 months and 9 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. •
CROCKER— In this city, • January 25, 1901.
Newell W. Crocker, a native of Maine, aged
16 ;-ears.
ICTricnds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices of Doric Lodge No. 216, F. and
A. M.
CROSBY— In this city. January 27, 1901, George
O.' Crosby, father of Mrs. . Jennie E. Tasker.
a native of Vermont, aged 82. years and 14
days.
(L7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend ¦¦ the ; funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of Bunker j & ; Lunt. 2666 Mis-
sion street. Mission Masonic Temple. Inter-
ment private. . ' " ' •
CULLEN— In this city. January 27. 1901. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of the late Annie Cul-
• len, ¦ dearly beloved father of Thomas P.,
Mary T., Katie A. and Edward Cullen, and
brother of Mrs. M. Hanrahan, a native of
¦ Erllngford, County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
tS rears.
C^FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner of Army and Missouri
streets, thence to St. Teresa's "Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated tor
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALMAS— In this city, January 27, 1901, Laura,
beloved wife of Charles Dalmas, a. native of
San Fra:#*Fco. aged 41 years 9 months and
9 dars.
{CFrlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. • < . -
DEBNEY— In this city,, January 29. 1901, Cap-
" tain Gerard Debney. beloved husband of Jane
E. Debney, and brother - of Mrs. Horace
Newell, .a native of. Essex, England, aged 63
years and 6 months. (Seattle and San Diego
papers please, copy.)
' (CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
EGAN— In {his city. January 29. 1901. William
M.. beloved Infant son of John and Nellie
Egan. and brother of Gertrude Egan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
5 days.
FOX— In this city, January 29. 1901, Thomas
Fox, beloved husband of Nancy Fox, and
father of Rebecca Lee Wilton. Ada Havard.
Mary Gelsen. Anthalena McPherrlnt and
Richard Eugene Fox, a native of Tennessee,
aged 67 years nn<l 5 months.
GIRDWOOD— In this city. January 29, 1901.
Douclas Maltland. son of Robert B. and
Edith M. Girdwood, aged 5 months.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city. January 2S. 1901,
MoseS. beloved husband of Fannie Goldstein,
and father of Mrs. Sam Ortman, a native
of Russia, aged 48 years.
HARRIGAN— In this city, January 29, 1901,
Cornelius, beloved husband of the late Mary
A. Harrigan, and father of» M. J.. J. J.,
William A.. Dr. ' J. T.. George W., Lizzie
B. and Annie M.' Harrigan. a native of Ire-
land, aged 72 years 6 months and 26 day*.
(Now Orleans, La., papers please copy.)
(EPFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Frlflay. February 1, at 9
o'clock, from ! his late Nresldence. ) 1728 Hyde
street, thence to St. Brla-ld's Church, wheie
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commendnc at
-9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HESS— In Oakland, January 29, 1901, Dr. Lu-
ther P. Hess, beloved husband of Kate Eu-
genia Hess, a native of Indiana, aged S8
years. . • ¦
HORN— In this city, • January 27. 1901, Bernard
• Horn, relict of the late Elizabeth A. Horn, be-
loved father of Bernard J. Horn. Mrs. R. H.
Powell and Elizabeth A. and Thomas Horn,
and brother of Mrs. J. Brlslan. a native of
Troy. N. Y.,'aged 68 years.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltfd to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2S01 Marlposa street, corner of Florida,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a re-
quiem hish mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by special
car from Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets
at 11:30 o'clock. . - ; • >
JORSKI— In this city. Januarv 29. 1901. Adam
Jorskl. a native of Russia, aged 79 years.
inT Friends -and -acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'" (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, "Marlni & Co.; 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KAWAGACHI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 29, 1901. Jack Kawagachi, a na-
tive of Japan, , aged 68 years.
KELLOGG— In this city, January 29, 1901,
Charles A. Kellogg, a native of New York.
KOEGEL— In this city, January 28. 1901." Frank
• A., beloved husband ¦ of Jane Koeeel, and
¦ father of Edward. David, ¦ Frank and Wil-
liam Koegel and the late Mrs. Nell C.
Whyte, a native of Baden, Qermany,- aged
71 years. • . 'i ¦' ' . ¦.-.,¦
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at. 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1176 Harrison street. Interment
Cypress Lawn . Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighth and Harrison. streets. .
LAMOTTE— In this city, January 29, 1901.
Charles Lnmotte, brother of Mrs. Auguste
Ducrou and Joseph Lamotte. uncle of Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Lamotte and Leon, Emma.
Nellie and Pauline Ducrou, cousin of Mr.
and Mrs. Jules Clement, and brother-in-law
of AuKUste Ducrou, a native of Belgium,
ajred 43 years.
. (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1720 Turk street, thence to the French
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGLOI— In this city," January 2S. 190L Ed-
. ward., husband of • Matilda Langlol. and
father of Georjre Langlol. Mrs. V. Mooney,
Mrs. H. F. Pellelter and Mrs. C. E. Duffy,
a native of France, aged 69. years.
(rjrThe funeral will ' take place to-morrow
(Thursday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence. 124 Hayes street, thence to Notre
Dame des Vlctolres Church, where- a requiem
high mass will be • celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. • Please omit flowers. ; .- :
LOMBARDI— A ; solemn .requiem high mass
, will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
.'•.',, -".Telephone South SO.- ' ¦'
mcAVOVVA CO,.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS -A" EMBALMERS, I
• 1239 Market st.i between 8th and 9th. I
. ¦.-.¦'--, . .Telephone- South. 247. :. ...* ~. K ¦¦-¦;'.¦
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
. 27and'29 Flf th stV TeL -South ' 167. T,i ' I
rr/NERAL DIRECT0R3 AND EMBALMEa?. I
¦ * v Finest Equipment at* Moderate Rates. |
of the late Giovannina Lombardl. dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. J. M. Semeria and Mrs:
A. G. Mitchell, . at • the c French Church of
Notre Dame des ¦ VIctoires, Bush street, be-
tween Duponf and" Stoekton- streets, to-mor-
row (Thursday), commencing at 10 o'clock.
. Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
MADDEN— In this city. January 23. 1901, Mol-
* lie. dearly beloved wife of Mr. Richard Mad-
den, mother of Blanche, William and Richard
Madden, daughter of Mrs. : Rellly, and sister
of Mrs. Kate Lablanch« and Mr. Frank, Jo-
seph and Charles Rellly. a native of San
Francisco, - aged 33 years' 8 months and 20
days. '.. "¦'-. - ' ' -
-GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 611 Francisco street, near • Mason,
thence to St. Francis Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANROW-In Oakland. January 23, 1901,
Mamie V.. beloved wife of John H, Manrow.
and mother of Ada, John, Warren and Ed-
ward I Manrow. a native of New York, aged
S8 years. - ¦- - ¦ - i - —
MASON— In San Leandro. Cal., January 28,
1901. Bessie, beloved daughter of Benjamin
F. and Frieda R. Mason, aged 6 months and
7 'days. • - ¦'; - -
ICTTriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock.- Interment San
Lorenzo Cemetery.
MEIN-In this city. January 83. .1901. Willie,
youngest and dearly beloved son of Herrman
and Marie Meln, and brother of Henry.
Louis, Fred and Dely Meln, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years 6 months and 27
days. . . • . • '-
MOORE— In this city. January t», 1901. Ed-
ward, beloved son of James and Jane Moore,
and Kranclfion of Mrs. N. McArdle. a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 21 days.
MORRIARTT-In- this city, January 29. 1901,
Timothy, . beloved son of Maurice and Mar-
garet Moniarty, a native of San Francisco,
aced 19 days.' -
NOBLE— In this city, January 28. 1901, James
* Noble, a native of Ireland, aged 84 yean 2
months and 5 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 27. 1901.
Mary, beloved daughter of . John and Mary
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 9 months and 4 days.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment orlvate. ' ...
PAULISSEN— In this city. January 27. 1901.
Henry, dearly beloved husband of the late
Petronllla Paullssen. and- father of Constance
and Emll Paullssen, a native of Germany,
aged 75 years 5 months and 3 days. -
TCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that- the funeral takes place
thto day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence. 360 Chestnut street, near
Stockton, thence to St. Francis Church, cor-
ner ¦• Vallejo street and Montgomery avenue,
where at 10:30 o'clock precisely a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REGLI— In this city. January 29. 1901. Arthur
Frank Regli, dearly beloved son of Frank Z.
and Elizabeth Regll, and nephew of Joseph
and Maria Regli, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 8 months and 7 days.
RUGGLES— In the City and County Hospital.
January 23, 1901, George Ruggles, a native
of the Hawaiian Islands, aged 34 years.
SCHACHMAYR-Mrs. Augusta Bchachmayr,
from Berlin, sister of Edward Zschlesche,
aged Bl years.
- (C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2' o'clock, from Theodor
Dierks' undertaking parlors, :<j7 Mission
street. Interment Laurel. Hill Cemetery.
SOULE — In this city, January 23. 1901, Andrew
Jackson, beloved father of William H. Soule,
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 83 years 8
months and 13 days. A member of Sacra-
mehto Society of California Pioneers J Ar-
rived in California May 4. 1849.
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to'morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 437 Fell street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. : . ,
WELCH— In this city. January 29, 1901. Wil-
liam J.. beiov.nl husband of the late Mary
Welch, and loving father of Nellie, .John, >
William, Francis and Teresa Welch and Mrs.
* S. . W. Candy, a native of Ireland, aged 72
years. .
"ICXFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 4 Torrens court. oft x Clay street',
between. Hyde .miJ Larkin. thence to. St.
Brigid'e Church, where a requiem high mass
wlll.be said for. the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. •
ZICKRAFF— In the City and County Hospital.
January 2S, 1901, Michael Zickraff. a ' native
of Germany, aged <2 years. •:'
RAILWAY TRAVELThe Duchess of Manchester has entire
ly recovered from her recent fit of Illness,
which turned out to be only .a mild case
of grip. The Duke is enjoying himself so
well here that the trip to Monterey has
been delayed for a day or two. Manches
ter does not believe his father-in-law
started for San Francisco, as Papa Zim
merman has not telegraphed him.
Ducal Pair Still Tarry Here.
Council spoke on organization. Seventy
nine new members were initiated. The
next meeting will be held at 102 O'Farrell
street. Wednesday. February 6, at 8:30
p. m. A special meeting will be held at 102
O'Farrell street on February 1. at 3 p. m..
for the benefit of men who work at night.
TVecrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Fannie Gonzalez from Manuel
Gonzalez ; for cruelty: ' William Alckley
from Mary Aickley for desertion: Emma
Deltrich from Florian .' Deltrich for ile
sertlon, and Encarnacion Kayer v from
Thomas E. Kayer for cruelty Suits for
divorce were filed yesterday by Sarah E 1
Woodruff against George W.iWoodruff for
desertion; Anna Schwenkler against Fred
erick Schwenkler for failure to provide
and Mary F. Nelson against Daniel A.'
Nelson for failure to provide. .
In the Divorce. Court.
Connie Mack, to whom was given the
Philadelphia franchise, left this afternoon
for the Kast, as did also most of the other
Eastern magnates. It was stated to-day
that some Pittsburg capital is | Interested
in the new Philadelphia team, but no con
firmation of the report could'be obtained
Hugh Duffy, the former Boston captain"
has signed a formal contract to manage
the Milwaukee American League team for
the season.
The American League will submit con
tracts to its players on the plan advo
cated by the Players' Protective Associa
tion. This plan involves a graded system
of contracts— of three; four and five years
no player to be bound for a period longer
than five years. At the end of that time
he will be free to accept offers from any
other club. It is also planned to do away
with the "farming" system, a clause in
the contracts providing -that "no player
shall be traded, farmed or sold to any
other club, except with his consent."
So far as legislation on the playing rules
is concerned, no important change la
looked for, although possibly action may
be" taken in the direction of abolishing the
bunt hit. McGraw, however, has ex
pressed strong opposition to any such ac
tion.
"The playing schedule will be given out
at the March meeting," said President
Johnson at the close of to-day's meeting
"The American League will go ahead re
gardless of any other organization,
though, as far as that is concerned, we do
not anticipate any serious conflict In the
schedules.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.— Reorganization of
the American Baseball League and its ex
pansion* from a minor to a major league
was completed at to-day's meeting of the
magnates, and an adjournment was taken
until some time in March. At that meet
ing, which will be held In Philadelphia on
a date to be named later, the season's
playing schedule will be given out by
President Ben Johnson, and the commit
tee on rules, consisting of Comiskey of
Chicago, "Connie" Mack of Philadelphia
and McGraw of Baltimore, will make Its
report. The season will be of the. same
length as last year, 140 days, although it
is understood the opening date may be
fixed a week later than last season.
C. W. Somers was to-day elected vice
president of the league.
American Association Gains
Recognition as a Major
Body.
REORGANI ZATION
OF BALL LEAGUE
1 The Hotel- and . Restaurant Employes
Union held another highly : successful
meeting : last evening. Secretary Rosen
berg and Delegate Zaul of the. Labor
. The people of this city are taking ad
vantage of the great bargains given In
furniture, carpets,^^rugs,, lace ; curtains,
draperies. .Those- erftameled bedsteads at
$2.65 are really , cheap. Ask your friends
about the Brussels carpets at 45c a yard
No one should miss this sale. Corner Six
teenth and Mission streets. •
Hotel and Restaurant Employes.
Save You Seen the Carpets P
More Proof of "Waldcn's Crookedness.
Expert MacLaren; who Is at work on the
books of, the San Quentin ¦ prison Jutemill.
will not be able to file his report before
the latter part of the week. Yesterday,
while looking over the records for the
year 1897. MacLaren found a tag showing
the shipment of $80 worth of Imperfect
bags to Levy, who has already confessed
to having, bought slxty.-flve bales of stolen
bags from "Walden. ; , : t
high class' hounds In America, was nearly
chewed to death on Monday by Fortuna
Favente, the great j Imported stud dog.
Both hounds belong to J. H. Rosseterand
•were housed In the Pasha kennels, near
Colma. v
Some carpentering work was In progress
at the Pasha kennels, giving Fortuna Fa
vente an opportunity to slip out of his
box. He made a rush for Emin Pasha,
grinding his teeth in the latter's throat.
After both dogs had fought like tigers
they were finally separated, Emin Pasha
being very badly torn. Yesterday morn>;
Ing the great Eire was in a precarious
condition. : • •
America's • Foremost Greyhound Sire
Badly Injured in a Fight "With.
the Imported Dog.
Emin Pasha, the foremost sire of all the
ETON PASHA A VICTIM
' OF FORTTTNA FAVENTE
In honor of the anniversary of the birth
of President McKinley the Bohemians of
America gave their second annual State
banquet last night at the Spreckels rotis
serle.
One .hundred and fifty Bohemians sat
down to a feast of cheer and good fellow
ship at the conclusion of a prayer offered
by Grand Prior Emlllo Lastreto. and dur
ing the evening listened to telegrams of
felicitation from absent brethren. A dis
patch of congratulation was sent to the
President, and the company drank a toast
proposed by Grand Chief Host H. B.
Mehrmann to his health and preservation.
Patriotic songs constituted the musical
programme, and an even half-dozen
toasts were responded to by Bohemians
Isadore Golden, Emilto Lastreto, A. "W.
Fielder, H. W. Pulclfer, F. D. Brandon
and W. E. von Johannsen. A handsome
engraving of President McKinley hung
over Toastmaster W. H. Church s ros
trum, festooned artistically in the na
tional colors. Representatives from the
hospitiums at San Jose, Oakland and Los
Angeles were present at the banquet.
The Bohemians of America is*a recent
organization. It Is essentially social in Its
purposes and Is now known in nearly
every city In the State.
Its banquets will be held hereafter on
the anniversary of the birth of the Presi
dent of the United States. Its member
ship, composed chiefly of young business
men, Is rapidly, increasing.
BOHEMIAN'S OF AMEBICA
TOAST THE PRESIDENT
Hold Second Annual State Banquet
in Honor of William McKin
ley's Birth.
election of Thomas F. Graham. Before
making their motion for a dismissal, how
ever, they will. go as far as the rules of
pleading will permit to protect Graham
from possible complications, sure to arise
upon the filing of Stephen V. Costello'a
motion to be declared the legally elected
candidate for the Suocrior bench. Judgn
Daingerfleld' s cpunsel feel that, having
forced Graham into th* contest and hav
ing, through the interposition of objec
tions, thrown out Graham votes until the
number accredited to him on the count
record is smaller than that accredited to
Costello by the Blection Commission, they
should now take action with the object In
view of protecting the respondent, Gra
ham.
When the contest was called yesterday
morning a continuance until this morning
was asked and granted. This morning
Judge Daingerneld's counsel will make a
motion to amend their pleadings. If tho
motion is granted the contestant's com
plaint will be so amended as to question
the number of ballots actually received Dy
Costello and will deny that he received
the number accredited to him by the Elec
tion Commission, but a number smaller
than that actually received by either
Daingerfleld or Graham. This will force
Costello to either continue the contest re
cently instituted by himself or abandon
his proposed motion.
Judge Daingerfleld owes his defeat to
the existence of the so-called Almshouse
precinct. In this precinct Judge Dainger
fleld was strongly supported, but a largo
majority of the ballots cast for him were
fatally defective. When this precinct was
reached Judge Daingerfleld was in the
lead of his opponent, having gained som?
400 votes, but here he fell behind and has
since been unable to overcome his loss.
I Though the ballpts In many precincts
yet remain to be recounted. Judge Dain
gerfield's attorneys have decided to aban
don the contest. In all of the precincts
remaining he was given large majorities
and, believing that the usual percentage
of defective ballots would be found if
these precincts were recounted, which
would cause the candidates who received
the greater number of ballots on election
day to lose the greater number udoil' the
recount, Daingerfield's counsel have de
cided to abandon the right to the office to
Graham.
Sullivan & Sullivan, counsel represent
ing • Judge William R. Daingerfleld, are
preparing to abandon his contest of the
Errors in Almshouse Pre
cinct Result in an
Abandonment.
DAINGERFIELD
QUITS CONTEST
Percy King, a celebrated photographer
from the Bast, arrived In San Francisco
a few days ago. Mr. King has been as
sociated with some. of the leading studios
of the United States. He has operated for
Stein | of Milwaukee and Dana of New
York, two of the most prominent photog
raphers of America. While in the employ
of these gentlemen Mr. King personally
supervised all sittings.
,.In an interview yesterday Mr. King.in
formed a Call reporter that he had been
awarded nineteen first prizes by the Pho
tographers' Asso.clation of America, be
ing a larger number of awards than that
of any man in America. Mr. King is ex
tremely affable in manner and unassum
ing, and when talking about his profes
sion he showed very clearly that he was
thoroughly conversant with every branch
of his art.
Having Just come from the East, Mr.
King's ideas on lighting and posing are
the very latest and are bound to take well
with the people of San Francisco. He has
come to the coast to fill an engagement
with Mr. Habenicht of 1026 Market street,
who is now sole proprietor of the studio
situated there.
In bringing Mr. King here 'Mr. Habe
nicht has spared no expense in selecting
the best man whom money could procure
in order to give the people of San Fran
cisco as good photographs, if not better,
than . any that can be obtained in the
United States. •
1026 Market Street.
FAMOUS PHOTOGRAPHER
LOCATES IN THIS CITY
» . . ¦ ¦ '¦--¦¦•:-
Percy King of New York Is Engaged
for Habenicht's Studio at -
SUES TO ENJOIN
THE BIG FIGHT
Attorney General of State of
Ohio "Acts at Request
of Governor.
Jeffries and Ruhlin Included Among
the Defendants as Well as the
. Trustees of the Saengerfest
Association. *
CINCINNATI, Jan. 29.— Suit was begun
to-day before Judge Howard Holllster of
the Common Pleas Court to enjoin the
Saengerefest Association from holding
the Jeffrles-Ruhlin contest February 15.
This proceeding is. In the name of the
State and was begun by Attorney General
Sheets at the direction of Governor Nash.
The petition, declares the proposed prize
fight to be a nuisance and a restraining
order Is wanted on that account rather
than under any sections of the i Ohio
statutes pertaining to prize fighting.
No application fbr an injunction was
made to-day, as it is desired first to have
notices served on the defendants, so as to
have a hearingr'6n the merits of the case,
ine defendants are the original Saengei
fest trustees, the members of the Saenger
fest Athletic Association. Jeffries and
Ruhlin and the members of the Zoological
Association, on whose ground the Saen
gerfest Hall stands. The petition" avers
that the contest would cause a gatherlnx
of "toughs" and idle and vicious people,
whose presence In crowds would be a
menace to life, good order, property and
tno general welfare of the community.
Itiis ordered that the attorneys of the
Saengerfest Athletic Association will not
only accept the service immediately, but
will also request as early a hearing as
possible. Arguments may be made on the
application for an Injunction on Thurs
day, when the attorneys of the opponents
of the flght will attempt to show that a
contest for the heavyweight champion
ship of the world is not such as can come
under the Ohio statutes. They will then
show what they mean by a petition to en
join a nuisance. Those seeking to pre
vent the flght have certainly engaged a
formidable array of legal talent, including
Judge Judson Harmon, who was Attorney
General under Cleveland; Gustave Wald,
John W. Warrlngton, Lawrence Maxwell
Jr., formerly Solicitor General of the
United States; E. W. KIttredge and J. "W.
Herron.
Jeffries and Ruhlin, who were arrested
last night and held in $1000 bond, will have
their hearing on Thursday. Very little In
terest Is taken in this proceeding brought
In the court of Squire Roebllng, as it is
understood to be a friendly action under
section 7117 of the Ohio statutes, and that
the defendants will both be released after
their hearing on Thursday.
COLUMBUS, Jan. 29.— Governor Nash
said to-day that the. arrests of the princi
pals in the Cincinnati prize fight would
have no possible effect upon the proceed
ings Instituted by Attorney General Sheets
In the Cincinnati courts to-day to enjoin
the fight. He declined to make any fur
ther statement concerning tlfe matter.
Attorney General Sheets said that the ar
rest of Jeffries and Ruhlin was undoubt
edly made to anticipate a criminal action
on the part of the State. They had.evi
dently not anticipated the action that had
been begun.
DATES ANNOUNCED FOR
' GRAND TROTTING CIRCUIT
Stewards Also Make Known the
Purses and Stakes for the
Prominent Events.
DETROIT.^ Jan. 29.— The stewards of
the Grand Trotting Circuit to-day de
cided upon the following dates, for next
season's race meetings:
Detroit, July 15 to 20; Cleveland. July 22
to 27; Columbus, July 29 to August 3; Buf
falo, August 5 to 10; Glens Falls, August
12 to 17; Readvllle, August 19 ( to 24; Hart
ford, September 2 to 6; Syracnse. Septem
ber 9 to 13; Providence, September 26 to
30; Terre Haute, September 30 to Octo
ber 5.
On a rollcall of members the following
purses and stakes were announced:
Detroit, $50,000, six stakes; Cleveland,
$40,000. six stakes; Columbus, $35,000. six
stakes; Buffalo, $35,000, six \s takes; Glens
Falls. $30,000, eight stakes; Readvllle. $50,
000, six stakes; Providence, $40,000, six
stakes; Hartford, $25,000, four stakes;
Terre Haute. $30,000, six stakes.
The above are all early closing events.
D. J. Campau of Detroit was re-elected
president and S. W. Giles of Cleveland
was again chosen secretary by the stew
ards.
BOXERS PRIMED FOR
TOURNAMENT FIGHTS
Olympic Club Is Beady to Inaugurate
the Four Nights' Fistic
Carnival.
The Olympic Club boxing tournament
will begin this evening promptly at 8
o'clock. Everything is In readiness for
the tournament of aspirants for the coast
championship honors.
[The boxers will" not know who their
competitors are to bo until the draw at
the ringside In made. A general draw will
be made, as there will be bantam, feather,
light, middle and heavy weight contests.
Of the sixty-eight entries about sixty
will qualify In their respective classes.
Last night the dub's physicians were kept
busy examining the contestants. The
physical examination last night disquali
fied George Murphy; 115 pounds; F. W.
Schrenfeld, G, Harris and F. Gilbert, in
the lightweight class, and F. Grote In the
middle. J. Tiret and W. Murnane with
drew, v _
James B. Smith will referee the con
tests. Fred Bytz will be timekeeper. "W.
Cartwright, O. C, and Milton Hayes, un
attached. Judges, and Robert McGibbon,
announcer. . . -' .;*g(jjjj^fj
LTJBLINE; SWIMMERS
ENTERTAIN LADIES
Monthly Natatorial Exhibition by
Club Membsrs Proves a Big
. " Success.
. The Initial monthly "ladies' night" of
the L-urline Swimming Club was held at
the Lurllne Baths last evening and was a
pronounced success in every feature. The
opening number was . the illuminated min
uet executed by twenty-four members o*
the club.
Then came the 100-yard race, won by
Ed Stolle in 1:10 1-5, E. C. Bonlfleld and A.
D. Schmidt going a dead heat for secou.i
place. ~ ¦ .,
The under-water swimming contest was
won by W. Brewer, who swam 150 feet
under the surface, easily outdistancing'
all his competitors. ' , ¦ ..-•..
The relay team composed of Stockton.
Pomlne. Lelchen, Leary and Bonlflel.1
won that event In 2:40.
The evening's entertainment concluded
with high and fancy diving.
Over Six City Blocks.
Thirty million bottles are now stored by the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Association, St.
Louis, to be filled with Budweiser for the com
ing summer season. • If. placed side by side In
an upright position these bottles would occupy
a floor space of more than six full-sized: city
blocks. The bottling ul this one brew reaches
the enormous quantity of 300,000 bottles dally,
and is an illustration of the magnificent : pro
portions and great capacity of the .Anheuser-
Busch plant. Add to Budweiser the other, fa-,
mous brands— Faust, Michelob. Anheuser-
Ktandard. Black and Tan. Export Pale. Kx
qulslte and Pale-Lager. - and the ; celebrated
health tonic. Malt-Nulrlne-^and the Immense
output of this great establishment can hardly
be grasped by the hur'an mind. '
Dies From Effect of Drug.
John Nordock, aged about 60 years.' was
taken to the Harbor, Hospital 'late .yester
day afternoon from the lodging-house at
613 Mission street; suffering from an over
dose Qf. a drug taken to Induce sleep.^H-_»
dledr a few hours after his arrival. Ht
was unknown here, but from papers found
on his person It was learned that. he had
once .been a resident ; of Culverden. ¦ Aus
tralia. . . ' •
CUNARD BEATS ROSEWAR HALF LENGTH
AND LOWERS TANFORAN TRACK RECORD
Tyr Beaten by the Outsider, Scallywag,, and Four Other
Choices Break It Up— The Phoenician Wins.
By T^. £3. MTTLHOLiIjAND.
&«< HERE was nothing in connection
1 1 with the racing: at Tanforan Park
¦ I ¦ yesterday worthy of special com
jt xncnt, unless it was the perform
ance of . Cunerd, winner .of the
"kindergarten" scramble. Green Morris'
jrood looking Goldfinch colt beat Rosewar,
the favorite, in a rard drive, establish
ing a new track reord for three furlongs
of 35li seconds. The mark was formerly
:3S«4. held jointly by the dead Sofala and
Cruzados, the Baldv.in colt. Sister Jeanle.
from the stable of Walter Jennings, ran
a close third to the two youngsters men
tioned and will be hard to beat in future.
The card turned out Just as hard a one
to pick as It looked, five out of six choices
failing to come through. The weather
was raw and chilling and the attendance
limited.
On past records Tyr. the entry of Car
ruthers & Shields, looked to outclass his
company in the opening sprint, closing an
odds-on choice. Milt Henry had the
mount and after careful nursing landed
the favorite second to Scallywag. The
latter, at odds of 9 to 1, led from the start.
Oscar ToIIe, a 30 to 1 shot, ran third. -
Torsida. with Tommy Burns in the sad
dle, let the taient down hard by her show
ing in the mile and a t-ixteenth selling af
fair. Never displaying any markei
amount of speed, tho mare ran last. In
a fierce dr've Winnie O'Connor, astride
Josephine b, the second choice, got up in
time to get the decision from Free Lance
by a head. With a t.iore vigorous rid?
Key del Bandidos would have downed
both of the leaders.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's mare. Good
Hope, took the seven-furlong number,
aiso a selling affair, from a big field of
pUters. Her odds went from 2 to 13 to 5.
and after catching AlK-viale she won very
cleverly from Kacctto. Meadow Lark
came from the rear, dropping into third
place. La Mascotta had quite a following.
but seems to have lost her staying qual
ities.
Eddie Kaufman cam? very close to put
ting Katie Wolcott over the plate in the
eix-furlor.g dash for n.aidens, which fol
lowed... The Prince Royal mare, piloted
by Pecro Enos. had h^r odds swiped from
30 to *, and showed the way into th«
•tretrfi. StoppinK perceptibly under Ihn
fast clip set, the was passed by Pat
Dunnes Tola, and beaten in a walk.
Brenhilda. the favorite, ran a very poor
race, failing to get inside the money.
A stranger was sprung in the last event,
over one mile and a sixteenth, that got all
the money. Lew White brought The Phoe
nician up from Monterey and at 6 to 1 the
ge'.dir.g made a runaway race of it. Ar
tHla. the even-money favorite, ridden by
Mounce. took the place, six lengths before
Burdock. . -
Track Notes.
Luca. ¦which started In tne opening
evpnt, can outwork Brutal, it is reported,
but the filly's races would not Indicate
such.
Coburn rode two winners. Mounce.
O'Connor, Ransch and ISullman piloted one
each.
The Phoenician started In a race at the
Del Monte track last summer.
Following arc- to-davs entries:
Kirst rac* — Seven furlongs; four-year-old*
end up; purse.
<167i)Fpep!flc 112 1718 Gold Or 112
1.T6 Ginfalon 112 17C7 Gusto 112
170S Prejudice 107
Feiwnd race— One and one-eighth miles; four
)WI nlfli and up; selling:
lCf.4 Kdjrardo F.I: 1674 Campus 109
1717 Formero 1CS; 1635 Morinel 104
1717 Owfnsboro 104 <170«)Topmast 106
lf*6 Anjou 107 <1709jTuthiU 104
Third race— Two miles; maiden steeplechase;
j»ur*»:
1710 Texarkana ....MS 1710 Grancer 148
.... Better B 144 1704 Rio Chico 141
1717 Koenis 141 .... Aurlflera 146
ira* Honduran 127. 1652 The Callfor
fSS J O C 14« nian 127
<1710) Lothian l«l|
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds;
Washington Park handicap:
1C40 Telamon 110] 1720 Tyr 107
ifiM Arrregor 1021 1667 Pt. Rica 100
V>U Sflde 10C' ', 1695 Edna Brown... SS
170$ Klnsstelle JHj|
Fifth race — Six furlongs: three-year-olds :
Felling:
I???; Rio de Altar. ..111! .... William Ack. ..103
1346 Bavassa. 102i 1705 Homage 107
17<>2 Thracla 107 1SW Cora Goetr ....107
1 C3S Gold Badge If* 171! Courtier 1C9
<17C2J Impromptu US a6C7)Moonbright 107
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up;
celling:
1720 Poyntz 105 | 1706 Osmond 119
«17f«) Loneliness l«Xi 1712 Don Luis 119
IMS Whaleback ....119 <lK2)N*elIie Forest... 97
1706 Hnhenlohe 122 .... Brownie Ander
1RS7 Rollick 99| son 112
173 Free Lance ....\22, 1706 Maxello 118
Probable Winners.
Flret rare— Gonfalon, Specific, Gold Or.
Second race — Tuthlll. Morinel. Anjou.
Third race — Lothian. Kwnlg. Texarkana.
Fourth race— Hlldreth Stable. St. Rica.
Fifth race— Moonbright. William Ack, Hom
«*e.
Sixth race— Rollick. Brownie Anderson, Lone-
Uattti
XEW ORLEANS. Jan. 29.— Weather
,ne; track fast. Results:
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Sarllla
Results at New Orleans.
won. Locust Blossom second, Domadge third.
Time, 1:4S.
One mile— Plead won. Picador second, Sem
plre third. Time, 1A2M.
Mile and a quarter, handicap, five hurdles —
Tragedy won. Free Advice second. Miss Ran
eom third. Time, 2:21.
One mile and seventy yards, handicap— Sir
Florian won. General Mart Gary second.
Hood's Brigade third. Time. 1:45.
Two miles, selling — Sir Fltzhugh won. Lance
wood second. Bert Davis third. Time, 3:36.
One mile, selltne— Jftckey Joe won. Pace
maker second. Chiffon third. Time. 1:42.
Northrop Will Bs President.
At x the annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Association of the Native Sons of
Vermont, held In the Mills building on
the evening of the 23th inst., nominations
for officers for the ensuing year were
made. Following are the nominees: Pres
ident. V. F. Northrop; vice presidents. A.
W. Scott. George Partridge and Daniel
Cole; secretary. S. G. Cheever; treasurer.
A. E. Lucas. The election will be held In
Odd Fellows' Hall next Friday evening.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
.-^3d££?££?r, ?^?*^- TUESDAY. January 29. 1900._— Weather fine. Track fast. _
1720. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $400. ' :
Po7 , Betting ¦ t
Index Horse and . Weight. Pst 8t. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1667 (Scallywag 109 86 14 13 12 12 Mounce 4 9 9 S
1469 Tyr 112 7 3 2 h 51 3 h 2n Henry 4-5 J-10 9-10 2-S
15S3 Oscar Tolle 112 64 81 24 24 31 Alexander.. 8 80 25 7
1453 Poyntz 112 6 5 42 61-61 41 Bullman .... 4 4 4 4-5
1655 Compass 107 3 2 61 41*51 fi 4 T. Burns 5 6 6 J
1C35 Phil Archibald. ...112 2 7 71 71 71 61 Frawley .... 10 25 25 8
1705 Luca 107 11 54 31 4h 76 O'Connor... 10 25 20 8
16S2 El Toplo 112 4 8 8 » 8 8 8 J - Dal >' 6 25 20 8
Time— U. :J4; H. :48V4: K. i:Mtf. Good atari Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner. D. S. Fountain's ch. g. by Hlmyar-Lady Agmes. Scallywag has a well developed
bunch of speed and stayed the route to-day. Tyr appeared, disappeared, then reappeared
Just as the curtain fell. His performance was not encored. Oscar Tolle ran a nice race.
Poyntz has poor underpinning. Compass came when It was too late. Luca very fast, but
notpame. Scratched — Homage 107.
1721. SECOND RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-oldg; purse. $400. * »'£¦.*
I IPo. ~~~" i , Betting — >
Index j Horse Weight. | Pst St %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
15?3 Cunard 113 11 3 ... 2 2 ... 1 y, Coburn 4 6 5 2
1703 Rosewar 115 I 1 .... 11 ... 2 3 Jenkins 7-5' 8-5 S-5 7-10
Sister Jeanie 115 9 5-... 4 2 ... 3 2 Mounce 3 5 16-5 6-5
1TC3 Snooze Ill 10 4 ... 3 3 ... 4 1 E. Jones 6 10 10-4
16S5 J>{ral Maxim ...110 4 9 ... 5 ... 5 4 O'Connor ... 10 . 20 20 8
16S5 Ccrrigan 113 18 ... 6 ... 6 % Henry 5 6 6 2
.... Ogle US 7 6 ... 7 ... 7 2 Alexander.. 10 20 20 8
1662 Larghetta 115 6 10 ... 9 ... 8 V4 Bullman .... 10 10 10 4
— Tyranus 115| 12 2 ... S ... 9 i J. Woods.... 10 60 30 10
.... Vrsula 115 5 12 ... 12 ... 10 4 See 10 75 60 20
.... Maraschino US 3 |11 ... 11 ... 116 Dangman .. 6 60 60 25
jMuslque ¦¦....115 8 | 7 ... 10 ... 12 H. Shields.. 10 40 40 12
Time— H. :12; H. :33'^. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. G. B. Morris* ch. *c.
by imp. Goldfinch-Lucanla. Cunard stood a long, hard drive, outgaming Rosewar. Sis
ter Jeanie will take some beating In future. Snooze is gradually overcoming that tired
fpellnjr. Corrlgan moved up a peg or two.
17^2. THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling;- four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
# Po. j \, Betting — —\
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. V. %. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
(1706) Josephine B. 5. ..110 11 3^ 3^ 2^ 111 O'Connor ... 5-2 13-5 11-5 1-2
16*3 Free Lance, a. ..115 52 In 1^11 2 4 Mounce 4 9-2 9-2 11-10
(16R6) R. d Bandldos. a.112 25 6 S ' 3 4 31 Stuart .... 15 30 ., 30 5
1276 Sidelong. 5". 1121 4 4 22 2 14 4 1 42 Fogg 100 200 100 40
1709 Torslda. 6 110| 3343415 6 T. Burns.... 4-5 17-20 4-5 —
Time— 1-16, :C7; 5-16, :184; 9-16, :45; 13-16, 1:23%: mile, 1:13; 1 l-16m. 1:49. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, P. Dunne's b. m. by Falsetto-Patroness. O'Connor on winner was
out olt lees than a furlong away, but pulled out and won in a fierce drive. There was
not much pace, and Free Lance nearly stole in. With a good ride Bandldos would have
won. Burns met with his usual success on the favorite. Scratched — Torslna 110.
17113. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. t350.
I IPo. I , Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight.) Pst) St. U- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
15S9 [Good Hope, 5 ....1021 33 32 21 11 11% Coburn 2 13-5 6-2 1
1707 Racetto. 4 106! 16 4n 3n 2 4 22 O'Connor... 6 6 4 8-2
15S2 Meadow Lark, a.104 51 8 4 6 2 43 31 Henry 5 10 10 4
1593 Alleviate. 6 102 85 12 12 33 44 Stuart 3 10 8 8
15C3 La Mascotta, a. .102 10 7 2 h 4n 6n 64 Mounce 4 3 5 2
1570 Diomed, 4 109 9 8 Ch 61 5 4 64 Bullman .... 6 10 10 3
1707 jBogus Bill, 4. ...104 7 4 72'92 81 74 R. Murphy.. 10 15 12 6
1712 Invlctus. 3 9S 4 10 10 10 9 1 8 4 Dangman .. 15 25 20 8
1575 Sunello. 4 101 69 64 7h 72 92 Domlnlck ... 7 10 10 4
15S9 jLtmellght. S 104 2|2 9 4 8 2 10 10 T. Burns.... 6 12 10 4
Time— H. :13; U. :25; 4. :4»4; Ti. 1:28. Good start. Wbn cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner, Caeear Young's ch. m. by Col. Clark-Gratitude. Winner nicely ridden and the best.
Meadow Lark outfooted to the turn. Alleviate quite. La Mascotta couldn't stay the route.
Bogus Bill a cheap imitation. Sunello has lost all form. Limelight flickered and went
out ; _Sc^ched-KlngsteHe _Sl._Our_ LUzte 102.
1724. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350. ,
I IPo. I , Betting
Index j Horse. Age. Weight. |Pst| St. H. *. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. ' HI. Cl. PI.
1702 jTola. 3 911 3 4 3 2 1 4 ... 1 4 Ransch ~TiJ 5 7-8 7^5
134S IKatle Wolcott, 4.105 10 2 12 2 4 ... 2 5 Enos 20 30 « 5-2
1708 IFlortsta, 3 91 9 8 5 2 3 1 ... 3 1 J. T. Woods 7' 10 10 4
1678 iBrenhilda. 5 — 107i 6 3 7 4 5 1 ... 4 4 Mounce 8-5 11-5 2 4-5
16S(» [Skip Me. 3 f*[ 11 2h 4h ... 6 2 J. Walsh.... 5 10 7 3
1155 iThornwild. 3 961 12 11 9 4 7n ... 6 10 Stuart 20 60 60 20
.... ISebastania. 3 Ml 2 10 10 4 9 4 ... 7 1 J. Daly 15 40 30 12
1564 lAnnello. 3 94| 4 6 8 3 10 2 ... 8 14 Dangman .. 7 12 12 4
1569 'Clarello. 5 107) 7 5 4h 8 2 ... 9 2 T. Burns.... 6 12 12 '4
— IRaclvo. 4 1061 8 I 9 11 2 11 5 ... 10 Fauntleroy 20 60 60 20
1691 ICerro Santa, 3 — 91) 5|7 6 2 «1 ... 11 Hoar 15 SO 30 12
IPorpnyry. 3 89! 11 112 12 12 ... 12 Rcdfern 20 25 25 10
Time— »i, :24; 4. :45; %i. 1:15. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. P. Dunne's ch. g. by Riley-Zenobla. Tola fairly blew in. Katie Wolcott was a very
warm one In the ring. She was groggy a furlong from home, but was supported by a com
petent company. Brenhilda ran a bad race. Skip Me not overlooked. Annello was ridden
by Danrman. Forget it.
172.%. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Po.| .- Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. PstjSt. U. 4. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
.... The Ph'nidan. 6.109 23 15 14 12 11 Bullman .... 5 6 8 |
I6H Artilla. 4 ..• 99 11 52 31 24 26 Mounce 6-5 7-5 1 1-2
1690 Burdock. 4 101 57 21 21 34 32 Domlnlck ... « 15 15 5
1462 Maccabee. 4 106 4 4 4 4 4 h 41 4 2 O'Connor ... 8 10 10 S
1691 Sam Howard. 4. .105 32 64 64 64 S4 Henry 3 5 5 8-5
15f.9 Formatus. 4 103 8 6 3% 61. 65 66 T. Burns.... 5 7 7 2
1C60 Fille d'Or, 4 102 75 71 74 76 7 10 Coburn 10 13 12 4
1666 Hind. Princess, 4.93 618 8 8 8 8 Ransch 12 20 20 6
Time— 1-16, :064: 5-16. :31: 9-16, :56; 13-16. 1:214; 1 l-16m. 1:47%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, Laurellus Stock Farm's b. g. by Ben All-Turmoil. Winner a comely ap
pearing stranger, with plenty of epeed. Artilla did her best. Sam Howard has bad "dogs."'
Formatus retired early. Scratched— Chas. Le Bel 10fi.
12
Prior to our;. SEMI-ANNUAL ¦ STOCK-TAKING, wWcH
takes place THURSDAY, January 3lst, -we will otter
Extraordinary Values l'ni our Housekeeping Goods
Departments.
1 NOTE THE FOLLOWING:
80 Pairs ALL-WOOL WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
weight five pounds j these Blankets are full size ....
Price S4.OO Pair
125 Extra Fine SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS, wltn FrenGfc
printed sateen covering full size and (ranted — V.
Price $3.OOEach
200 Pairs LACE CURTAINS, full length and width, Yeru
handsome designs in Madras Net and Imitation
Battenherg • Price S3.00 Pair
150 Pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, all new colorlngsj
P these Portieres ape in one and two palp lots
........Price $2.75 and S4.OO Pair
90 Pieces SCOTCH CURTAIN MUSLIN, 36 Inches in width
• (pure white) anl 12 different patterns ! —
Price IOc Yard
3 Cases Best Quanta 36-INCH ART DENIMS/ 40 different
designs, also plain colors Price 15c Yard -
100 Dozen IRISH HUCK J0WELS, alreadu hemmed and
horders assorted, warranted pure linen, size 19x39..
Price $2.50 Dozen
165 Dozen FINE SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, full 25
inches sojuarej these Napkins are all odd, as we
haie no cloths or damasks to match
Price $3.00 Dozen
75 DOUBLE SATIN DAMASK CLOTHS, 3 Bards long and 2
Bards wide, heautlful designs . Price $3.50 Each
25-lnch Napkins to match ahoie cloths.
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
house:.
THIS ELEGANT
SOLID OAK BED,
6 ft. 4 in. high, 6 ft. 2 In. Ion*? and 4 1 1. 9
in. wide, finished In Golden Oak. will b*
offered at a sacrificed price of <Cft
Less 10 per cent for Cash, regular prlca
being $8.60. -.
"We have % HARD WOOD BEDS for
84. OO. less 10 per cent for Cash.
CASH OlTcREDlT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPEN EVENINGS. Opp. Taylor at.
DR. WOKS WOO TEA AND HERB SANITABUJS,
764-763 CLAY STREET.
jfiTT^fc. Ean Francisco, Dec 24. 1300.
KSgfiM To all whom It may concern:
F yMr In December. 1839, I was takes
'bf» d *' c k wltfl Black Typhoid Fewer,
fZj; 7 the most virulent type known to
iC X medical science. I had hemor-
JCjCJv rhages, both nasal and lntestl-
*ififyj<!x2infcj nal. el*ht ot the latter occur-
%Sf/0"-aHv r\BK in one day. Dr. Wont
*Cnni.Ul'jt» Woo, the eminent Chinese phy-
slclan was called, and with on* dosa o£ his
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby wring
my life as I had been given up by my whtt»
physician, as well as by all my friends. Wu
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Won* Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation In six months from the time I went to
bed, and now I weigh 202 pounds, more than I
bad ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. Wong Woo tq any on« In need
. of a flr*t-cla» physician for "any caus* whatso-
ever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden Oat*
ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
k9V BEflAHB MK - cK Bsl ¦ W G^^ Lj
Mi n v bfl BeSj slit we&l n U3A fc
DR.MCNULTY.
n^nis wisuL-KXOvrjr and rklia hlk old
,1 Speclallstcure»Bioo<1Pi>fson,({onorrhc»a.Gleet,
Stricture, Srmlnni WMtnesi*. Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. l!oolc on Dfuaxes of Man. fr»c
, OverWyeamVxper^eiice.Torm^rwanonable. Hour*.
9to-1<!a!iy:6:30to3.30ev'ES. Snndays. 10 to 12. Conml-
~ tatlontreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROHCOB aicNUJYTY. JI.D.
2GH Krarny St,. Wan Francinca. CsL
\AI. T. HESS.
KCTAH? PUJLIJ AXJ lTi*ua.i^r-Ar-L\T.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckel* Bids.
Telephone Bro^vn 831.
Residence. 821 California st. below Poweu.
San Francises ¦ ¦ -
"illra Valle," P. Klein. Sauteme type,', claret.
Grand Via. Depot ' 612 ' Geary street •
Incandescent light wiring: a specialty. Elec-
trical EneTlneerln? Co., 6C9-S11 Howard st. •
ADvJKJttTIBTHYusji xa.
'Phone Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Begin February by buying at Cash
Prices from Faber's and tho saving
will surprise.
DIITTCD Creamery. NOT Dairy. ftQ n
nil I I rri usual size squares /HI,
uu } • uu Fancy Point Reyes or fcWU
Humboldt received direct dallv. No mid-
dleman. Sold over 1500 last week.
EGGS. VERYvBEST. STILL. LOW.
CASTILE SOAP«^I9C
"Dahlia Brand." Elsewhere 30c.
niflPBest Japan— -large head — C«»
nlllfc white— pound HR
llluu Cooks Usually 9 ww
pounds 25c.
DIITTLD Firkin Creamery — Qi ft ft
HI] I I tn TabIe - 5 p» unds oliUU
LJU I I l-ll sample at stor e. Ex- wllUU
eellent value.
I II tin Mil Grerr's or Marzoirg, If).
aMMUWIA " uart bottl ° I HC
« III III U in in Tollet and Laundry luu
use. 25c regular.
MRS. FABER'S JELLIES, 10c GLASS.
nidi/I CO Crosse & Blackwell's, ft r «
HlliKLho lar *e bottle ' ZOC
I IUIM.L.U 5^^ on tho King's* 10 "
table. Usually 35c to 40c.
RED M SOAP— FREE— ASK.
PINEAPPLE ssia^ii^ Ss 15c
I IHL.ni I *•»- g ra ted. Put up IUU
where It grows. Delicious flavor. Dozen
$1.75. Regular 20c.
FINNAN HADDIES. 13c.
COCOA fe =^:..?25c
JESSE MOORE WHISKEY 65c
Quar.t Size.
Genuine. Corks Branded.
COFFEfc S^^!^ m c
uui i uu FuU Bo<Jjr Fragrant II2U
aroma. Unsurpassed drinking coffee.
• Our regular price 25c
f3&85BSi -^3\yv^* "~ — ESsB
gwH'rl 1 1/ ¦SSfrcj
uLj7^^r>^i^3#9^EbXa^u7?v*T"J3A*^HiEji
V^^gg^ PAINLESS
"¦ " 813^ GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Lark In.
Telephone PoUs 1135.
Vesuvius oil stock can be bought at 40 cent».
Dr. -J. S. Potte. : Parrott building. Get some be-
fore the advance In price. ' : • ' ¦ . •
Want responsible party to play $300 on a good
horse now ready to win and divide winnings
with owner. Box 1010. Call office. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I start to-dav — start to sell good shoes \
at give-away prices, because I must close m
out my business. I am old, tired and sick I
c of it — I want rest and peace. I offer $3 and }
1 $4 ladies' shoes for 50c and 75c a pair. I
j WoL Douglas Shoes
j For many years 1 have sold these well made, I
I well known shoes at their markeJ and popular 1
C prices, because I had to or lose the agency. Now 1 J
I don't care; I'm going to quit anyway. So here I
I they are at less than cost: B
I The $5 shoes at £3.50 The 53 shoe? at $2.50 I
I The $4 shoes at $3.00 Boys' $2 shoes at 60c I
RICHARD PAHL
I 324 KEARNY ST., Near Bush. I
111. 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.