PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 35, 190 K
VOLUME LXXXIX—NO. 87.
Boer Leader Recrosses Orange River and Is
Now Reported in Full Retreat With
a Handful of Followers.
DEWET FLEES IN A BOAT
AFTER SUFFERING DEFEAT
AT THE HANDS OF PLUMER
Sea Holds Its Prey and No More
Bodies Are Recovered by the
Beach Patrol.
Wreck of Rio de Janeiro Rests One=
Eighth of a Mile Southwest
Front Fort Point Buoy.
SEPULCHER OF THE DROWNED
IS FOUND MANY FATHOMS DEEP
Five or six years ago one of the Raders
loaned a friend $170 and took as security
a mortgage on sixteen acres of barren
land In the present Kern River oil dis
trict. He tried to sell it several times,
but no one would buy the property, and
out of prim determination he paid tho
taxes and held on, trusting In the irriga
tion system of that district ultimately
reaching his land and making it produc
tive. Instead of that oil was struck, and
now the sixteen acres ero worth a for
tune.
DENVER, Feb. 24.— The Rev. D. L.
Rader preached his farewell sermon to
his congregation in Asbury Methodist
Episcopal Church to-day, and will start
to-morrow for California to share his
brother's fortune in. the oil fields. He
has been a clergyman In the Dakotas,
New Mexico end Colorado for twenty
years.
Work With His Brother in
Profitable Oil Fields.
FORSAKES A PTJXPIT
TO SHARE A FORTUNE
Denver Clergyman Coming West to
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 2<.-A white child
died here to-day of bubonic plague, and
three white children have been attacked
by the dteease. A white man is suffering
with the plague at Woodstock
Plague Attacks Children.
During Kiel Bebsllion.
HALIFAX. N. S., Feb. 24.-Xews of the
death of Major A. C. Howard, better
known as "Gatling Gun" Howard, caused
a sensation here, where he has been well
known. His connection with the Cana
dian forces dates back to the Rial rebel
lion. In 1SP5, when he was in cUarge of a
gatling gun sent out with tho forces to
the Northwest. Howard lived at Browns
ville, sixty miles from Ottawa, and left
home last year with the second contin
gent to assume charge of a Colt battery
in the South African campaign. Later he
organized a corps of 100 Canadian scouts
and was leading them when he met his
death.
Gained ths Sobriquet "Gatling Gun"
"General Dewet, after unsuccessfully
attempting to cross the Brak at Klip
Drift and the Oranpe at Reads Drift and
Marks Drift, moved along the bank of
the Orange with one gun and one pom
pom and laagered opposite Kameel. Drift.
At dawn Colonel Plumer left Welgever
don. twenty-two miles west of the Boer
camp, and moved northeasterly. At
Zurugat he attacked the enemy, taking
forty prisoners. Tho pursuit was contin
ued during the afternoon, the Boers mov
ing toward Hopetown. Toward evening
the leading troop sighted the enemy, who
had laagered beyond range. Colonel Owen,
charged the spot where the Boer artillery
was supposed to be and captured the
whole of It. Th» enemy fled, leaving their
horses ready saddled and their cooking
pots full. According to the latest reports
only 400 Boers recrossed to the north side
of the river. The Orangre Is greatly swol
len."
RECORD OF MAJOR HOWARD.
Drabbo. Tills success ¦was preceded by a
series of desperate attempts on the part
of the Boers to escape from the water
belt of the Orange and the Brak rivers.
' ON'DOX, Feb. Zi.— The War Office
41 has received th« following dls-
I patch from Lord Kitchener:
-:*—^ ••MIDPI/EBCRG.Transvaal. Feb.
. Zi.— French reports from Piet Re
tief.' February 22, that the result of the
cr,h:rr.r.'s sweeping the country east is that
gi* vBoers are retreating in scattered an-i
rii-FO? pracized parties to the number of
some Ih>'«) in front of him.
"Amsterdam and Pict Relief have been
c-euijied and troops are protecting the
S'-aari frontier: Frer.ch will push on, but
Is murh hampered bv the continuous
fcrRVi- rains.
-"Summary of looses Inflated upon the
enemy up to February IS: Two hundred
and ninety-two Boers knovn .o have been j
fcflled and wounded in action. .56 taken
prisoners. '1*2 surrendered; one 15-pounder
grn, 402 rifles. 160,000 rounds of small am
mur.i'.ion. t.500 horses and 70 mules, 353J
tr'k oxm, IS.TD0 cattle, 155,400 sheep ar.d
1V7-") wagons and carts captured.
"Our casualties: Five officers and.for
ty-one men kiUc-d and four officers and
eighteen men wounded. I regret to say
that Major Howard, u very gallant offi
cer of the Canadian Scouts, was killed
February 17.
"Plumer reports that Colonel Owen cap
tured Dewet's 15 pounCer &n<l pom-pom,
February 23. es well as fifty-three prls- j
oners and a quantity of ammunition. Wa j
fcad no casualties. The enemy is in full j
retreat and dispersing after being vigor- j
ouply pursued.
"Dewet's attempt to Invade Cape Colony j
fcas evidently completely failed."
The Daily Telepraph publishes the fol
lowir.j? from De Aar. February 2*:
"Mr. Stryn addressed the Boers yester
tfa'y'end told them they must all shift for
themselves, returning- to Orange River
Colony as best t^iey could. He and Gen
eral. Dewet tock' S00 of the best horses
with which to escape."
A- ecrreypondent of the Daily Mall with
lieitniker's column, ¦wiring Saturday,
cays:
•."General Dewet 'was routed yesterday
by Colonel Plumer, ¦with whom were Col
or.e-Is- Her.nlker, Craddock, Jeffreys and
Observers Cannot Tell Which
¦ . .Is the Prisoner.
Two Men Accompany an Oflcer, but
SHERIFF HAS FUN
PUZZLING THE PUBLIC
'"life's ber-n treating us all right." said
the Sheriff, "tnd I don't want to hurt his
f^f-Iir.frn." ,
."J.» your prisoner a dangerous crim
inal?", was asked.
"Look at him. He doesn't look hard-
CE'ed." Pearce noddeu In the direction of
two chairs on which side by side sat Dun
don and Rife.
"Which did you say was the prisoner?"
"I fion't believe I said," responded the
tender-heart*,! Sheriff.
DEXVER. Colo., Feb. 21.— Charles
Poire*". Sheriff of Franklin County, Ohio,
mopped to-day in Denver on his way to
Oilurnbus from San Francisco. Two men
ecrompar.y Mr. Pearce. They are James
Dundon, who may be either the Sheriff's
jirVroner or his deputy, and George Rife.
concerning whom the Fame Interesting
douM exists. The Sheriff's delicacy will
not permit him to tell which Is the
rrisoner.
It is reported that General Dewet escaped to the opposite bank in a
."btsat and is now fleeing "with a handful of followers. It is reported from
a Bosr source at Zeerust that General Delarey has besn captured.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 24.— Coloael Plumer engaged General Dewet
yesterday near Disselfontein on tiie south, bank of the Orang-e River,
capturing a grun and a pompom and taking- fifty prisoners. The Boers
\* ere scattered and are being pursued by Colonel Plumer.
GENERAL LOUIS BOTHA. WHO IS SAID BY A LONDON PAPER TO
.: HAVE MADE OVERTURES TO LORD KITCHENER FOR A SURREN
DER OF THE BOER FORCES.
epondent of the Morning Leader, 'says
Prince Karl of Croy has committed sul-,
cide because he was Jilted by a peasant
FRINCE IS JILTED
AND ENDS HIS LITE
Karl of Croy Commits Suicide Because
a Peasant Girl Refused to
Marry Him.
LONDON. Feb. 24.— The Vienna corre-
There have been many conferences to
day, but the whole question as to whether
there should be an extra session or not
hangs to-night on the intention of the
Democrats to permit such amendment to
the army bill as may be presented being
brought to a vote. If they filibuster they
can throw the whole matter over beyond
March 4, and an extra session will bo
inevitable.
Some very pretty tactics may develop
this week If the Democratic members
should prove stiff-necked. The army ap
propriation bill, to which it Is proposed to
attach the declaration on Cuban rela
tions, now has precedence in the Senate
over other appropriation bills. The river
and harbor bill is still far in the back
ground. Fully 90 per cent of the Dem
ocratic Senators are deeply Interested in
this bill. It contains many Items of the
greatest possible Interest In their com
mittees, and it may be used as a club
during the closing hours of the session to
bring about an agreement to reach a vote
on tho Cuban proposition.
Senator Jones said emphatically that he
would not favor any dictation by the
United States to Cuba. He declined to
commit himself on any specific proposi
tion until it should be advanced In the
Senate. •
"I should like to vote." said he, "once
more in favor of Senator Teller's resolu
tion of April 1, 1898. in which we declared
Cuba to be free and Independent and dis
claimed any intention of interfering with
her sovereignty."
Senator Jones' reply was not of a na
ture encouraging to those who were seek
ing to avoid an extra session.
"Are you In. favor of Congress voting
at this session on a resolution or amend
ment to the army bill denning the status
of Cuba so far as It relates to the United
States?"
The Democratic party still remains an
unknown quantity. A large majority of
Republican Senators are pledged to the
programme of meeting the President's
views on the Cuban question in an amend
ment to the army appropriation bill. The
most ultra opponents of any policy that
permitted the United States. to have any
hand in Cuban affairs— Senators Teller
and Money-^have In a measure been won
over to the plan of avoiding an extra ses
sion. Before this plan can be carried out
Senator Jones of Arkansas and his asso
ciates must be brought into the fold. It
was explained to-day that Senator Jones
might be willing to consent to this ar
rangement and permit the amendment to
come to a vote without filibustering, or
he might occupy the position before the
country of assuming responsibility for
compelling the President to call a long
and expensive extra pesslon of Congress.
Senator Jones was asked this question
to-day:
If Congress meets this question, the
President is willing to take the respon
sibility of conducting- negotiations with
Cuba without calling an extra session.. He
has told the Senators" this and that'ex
plains the remarkable, activity among
Democratic and Republican Senators alike
In seeking to reach an agreement so that
they may return, home and attend to
their private affairs.
CALLi HEADQUARTERS, 1408 G
STREET N. W.. WASHINGTON, Feb.
24.— In the Cuban situation two important
news developments to-day were:
That the President is willing to forego
calling an extra session in case Congress
is able to agree upon a declaration of our
future relations with Cuba to meet his
views.
That the condition In the Democratic
party Is such that the question whether
there shall be such declaration by Con
gress rests now upon the few \ leading
Democrats of the Senate, notable among
whom is Senator James K. Jones of Ar
kansas, chairman of the Democratic Na
tional Committee.
There has been considerable doubt as
to whether President McKinley would,
under any circumstances, be willing to
assume the responsibility of passing on
the Cuban constitution and relations with
Cuba unless the constitution had first
been sent to Congress. The President has
at last consented, in response to over
tures from almost the entire Republican
representation in the Senate, to take
charge of the constitution when it is sent
here, . provided Congress shall declare
whether in Its opinion the United States
should have a right to intervene in Cuba;
to have a voice in the islands" foreign
affairs; to pass upon the question of the
creation of an enormous bonded debt; to
supervise sanitary. and commercial Inter
course and to have coaling stations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declaration ol Our Rela
tions With Cuba Must
Be Adopted.
Names Conditions Al
ternative to an
Extra Session,
PRESIDENT
MAKES OFFER
TO CONGRESS
by an occasional rush to the water's
edge, where frantic grabs we:?e made for
any object that floated within reach with
the hope of securing a memento of the
disaster. The possessor of the smallest
piece of wood that bore the least possible
resemblance to any portion of a vessel's
structure, on exhibiting his prize, was Im
mediately surrounded by a crowd.
An occasional tear and sometimes an
audible Bob told why some of the on
lookers stood there, sazlng upon the wa
ters that had robbed them of loved ones.
Curiosity, doubtless prompted the rest. At
the lookout station John Hyslop,' marina
reporter' for the Merchants' - Exchange,
scanned " the beach with his '¦ powerful
glass in search of possible victims and
wreckage. Earlier in the day Captain
Varney and his crew of the South-Side
Life-saving Station patroled the vicinity
at Bakers Beach, journeying to the limits
of the life-saving station at Fort Point
and acting In conjunction with the latter
crew.
In the afternoon there was a heavy surf
running In from the sea and the breakers
were rolling furiously over the Potato
Patch on the Marln shore. This should
serve to cast the wreckage and the bodies
of possible victims within the limits of
the bay. Outside the breakers roared dis
mally enough, and a great many of tho
thousands who crowded the heights wan
dered down the beach below the CllfC
House to search for relics along the
sands. Not le3S than 20,000 to 30.000 people
visited the beach and heights during the
afternoon.
The bay was dotted with craft of every
description, hut the choppy^state of
the sea rendered the condition of those
occupying them anything but a pleasant
one. but the desire to know of anything
new concerning the wreck was greater
than their fear of a ducking or the chilly
wlnd, and they remained until late in the
afternoon.
The sands of Baker's beach afforded a
resting place and greater opportunity for
sight-seeing, and to this spot the largest
crowd thronged. . Here also were, the
souvenir hunters gathered in large num
bers, though their chances of securing a
piece of the vessel to adorn their parlor
mantels were considerably lessened by
the breakers which the strong southeast
wind drove high up on the beach. : ; ;
The police patrol Is still on duty along
the ocean front, but their vigilance has
not met with any reward. The only thins
of real Importance to appear during the
entire day was a skylight and a portion
of the ship's cabin, which came to tha
surface suddenly during the early hours
of the morning.
United States Local Inspector of Boilers,
Steam and Sailing Vessels John K. Bul
ger, United States Inspector . of Hulls,
Steam and Sail Vessels O. F. Bolles and
United States Supervising Inspector of
Steam and Sail Vessels ; John Bermlng
ham , went j Into session In the United
States Appraisers' building on Saturday
morning and Jssued- summonses to sur
vivors I of the \ crew of the lost ship tc
appear, and make their statements. | Gra
ham Coghlan. second officer of the Rio
de Janeiro, was the most ¦ Important wlt ;
ness* to" appear, for he is the only ; surviv
ing officer of the Rio competent to testify
as to 'the navigation of the vessel. Pilot
United States . officials, appalled by the
tragedy of the Golden Gate— the loss of
the Rio de Janlero— are hurrying In their
effort to fix the. responsibility, upon whom
it belongs. Heretofore Investigation Into
the . causes, of wrecks has followed the
methodical lines of custom: but the sea
had not yet ¦ quieted over ' the bones of
the good ship wrecked Friday and the
dead that went^down with her when a
summons \ was issued to those who might
throw any light on the cause of her fate
to appear arid tell their various stories.
Investigation and Examine
Mate of the "Wrecked
Steamship.
United States Inspectors Begin an
ARE HURRYING
THE INQUIRY
Purser Thomas Smith of the Alameda,
¦who arrived in port yesterday, says that
eight or nine passengers on that steamer
came within an ace of taking passage on
the City of Rio de Janeiro at Honolulu.
The Alameda left the day after the Rio,
and the passengers delayed taking pass
age for this city, because of the fine
weather -which prevailed in the islands. It
had been raining for a month or more,
and the weather cleared up a day or two
before the Rio sailed. The fine weather
continued, and so the passengers, put off
their homecoming until the next day.
When the Alameda reached port the pilot
who was taken on board reported the
news of .the disaster. The passenger's felt
so grateful at what they regarded as a
lucky deliverance that a testimonial was
drawn up .to Captain Herrlman. signed by
every one of the seventy passengers on
board. _.' :
be seen fully 5000 people went to the beach
yesterday, and sat for hours on the sands
gazing- toward, the spot .where all that
was left of the ill-fated ship was supposed
to be lying. .-.There was absolutely noth
ing to be aeen, but the crowd stayed on.
relieving the monotony of hours of vlcll
>i Despite the knowledge that' not a ves
tige of the wrecked Rio de Janeiro could
Sends Near the Sesne of the Disaster
Occupied by Curious Sight-
Seers and Souvenir
'¦;.'-': Hunters.
LARGE CROWD
Ml VISITS BEACH
At 4 o'clock in .the morning Pilot Jor
dan was called. He occupied ten minutes
hi dressing, a few minutes more In reach-.
Ing the bridge, and at 4:30— half an hour
after the pilot had been called— the ves
sel was under way. Jordan was Joined
on the bridge by Captain Ward,, and the
lost ship was headed for the Golden Gate,
and forty minutes later was caught In the
swirlof ; the ebb tide and hurled on the
rocks half way between Mile Rock and
Fort Point. The rest of the story has
been told in part. There Is yet more to
tell, but. not until the Inquiry has been
completed will the truth be known—
whether Captain Ward, Pilot Jordan or
unkind fate only must answer for the
lives of 121 human beings.
Pilot Jordan, It has developed, remained
up quite late at - night - and gave his di
rections for the handling. of the vessel to
keep her off the heads until the fog lift
ed In the : morning. The purser busied
himself putting .what treasure there 'was
aboard under lock and key, taking an In
ventory of his stock of liquors' and wines
and closing them In the vault for the next
trip. .'.¦.' - ¦
Graham Coghlan* s statement was tran
scribed yesterday. It will be slimed to
day, and ¦will be read, In evidence when
the court of inquiry Into the cause of the
loss of the vessel convenes. His state
ment is general in Its nature, full details
as to the manner In which the vessel was
navigated ' to her doom not . yet being
given." Additional light as to happenings
on board the vessel the night before her
destruction was given by Mate Coghlan,
however.
Jordan has made his statement, but he
was not one of the crew. :' •
SCENE ON j BAKERS BEACH YESTERDAY, WHERE CROWDS OF CURIOUS AND EXPECTANT MEN AND
WOMEN ASSEMBLED TO GAZE OUT OVER THE WATER WHERE THE RIO DE JANEIRO IS SUPPOSED
' TO HAVE SUNK AND "WATCH FOR WRECKAGE. ..-./;.
The Chinese Six .'Companies . held a
meeting yesterday and decided to] reward
the Italian" fishermen and others who
helped to save the lives and recover bod
ies of Chinese who were, on 'the Rio i-de
Janeiro. The money will be placed in the
hands of the'. Pacific Mall Company for
dlstrlbutionto' those entitled to receive it.
The evidence of Pilot . Jordan Is that
Consul General WilJman was helping Mrs.
Wlldman over the ship's side when the
vessel plunged beneath the water/and it
is not thought possible that the. Consul
could have written tl.e message. '
"Rio Janeiro all lost. Will try swim.
Wife and 2' children washed over. Wild
man." . l ir"j-_
Although* a careful patrol was kept
along the beach and bay yesterday not a
single body was recovered. A small
amount of woodwork from the deck struc
tures of the Rio do Janeiro was found
floating by some fishermen near the
Heads.
The terrible disaster which cost so many
lives was made the subject of a cruel
hoax. A beer bottle was picked up in the
afternoon at Bakers Beach, and inside
was a piece of parafflne paper on which
was written In faint pencil lines the fol
lowing:
It Is expected that to-day tho Pacific
Mall Company will have an attempt made
by divers to reach the wreck, In order to
recover the bodies which must be lmprli
oned In it.
Those whom an error of Judgment- had
robbed of kith and kin had the satisfac
tion of knowing last night the location
where their beloved dead lay sepulchered
in the tangled mass of a steamship's
wreckage.
It was almost sunset when Captain-Hat
eon and his life-saving crew had their at
tention drawn to masses of lumber com
ing to the surface of the water. The life
saving boat hovered in tho vicinity, and
other pieces of wreckage from time to
time floated upward. There was but little
current at the time, and Captain Hatson
stated that in his opinion the wreckage
cam© straight up from the depths and did
not come up at an ar.gle. He marked the
place on a chart a3 an eighth ''of. a' mile
southwest of the Foil Point fiuoy.
tain Hatson and crew of the Fort
Point life-saving station. Many hours be
fore the thousands of sightseers wended
their way to the ccean beach to gaze
upon the placid waters beneath which the
bodies of many victims of Friday's disas
ter still lay, the cr?ws of the life-saving
stations were at work, hoping to mark
the spot where the. Rio de Janeiro took
her last plunge and hurled 121 precious
lives Into eternity.
Fatality decided that the men whose
mission Is to save life should yes™rday be
locators of the dead. Up and down the
waters in the vicinity of Fort Point the
life-saving crews rowed, and during the
day they were watched by many thou
sands. Idle curiosity prompted the ma
jority of the sightseers, but In the vast
assemblage were a few who longed for
the consolation of securing from ocean'3
depths the bodies cf their loved ones.
r - . ,
IN thirty fa«homs of water, an
eighth of a ralle southwest of the
Fort Point buoy, lies the wreck of
the steamship Rio de Janeiro. The
location of the vessel was deter
mined yesterday afternoon by Cap-
The San Francisco Call.Editor Gill Indicted.
HONOLULU. Feb. 17.— The case of Ed
win 8. Gill, editor of the Republican,
chargd with assault with a weapon on
Mortimer I. Stevens has been dropped by
the -District Court, having been taken in
hand by the Grand Judy. Gill, has been
indicted and will appear before Judge
Humphreys in the First Circuit Court to
morrow.
SALEM, Or., Feb. 24.— John' H.
f 4 Mitchell was elected United States
\ Senator at 12:30 this morning to
' succeed Senator George W. Mc-
Bride, whose term expires on
March 4 next. His election was accom
plished by a combination of thirty-five
Republicans with eleven Democrats, mak
ing forty-six votes, a majority of the
Legislature.
The result was reached on the twenty
fifth ballot of the <lay and the fifty-third
of the session. At noon Saturday the
joint assembly met and took one ballot
for Senator and then adjourned until 8 p.
m., when balloting was resumed. Both
houses had decided to adjourn sine die at
midnight Saturday, and the prospect of
an exciting close brought thousands of
people to the Capitol.
The voting proceeded without material
change for twenty ballots. Just as the
assembly was about to take the twenty
lirst l;al!ot State Senator Brov,nell arose
ami presented the name of John H. Mitch
el!, which was received with tremendous
applause. The twenty-first ballot gave
H. \V. Corbett oG. J. H. Mitchell 35 and A.
S. Bennett <D.) 19. Three more ballots
were taken, with but few changes.
The hands of the clock had already
pointed to midnight and the clerks were
engaged In checking up the roll call for
the twenty-fifth ballot. There was great
excitement and loud calls of the name of
Mitchell from the lobby. The first de
serter from the Corbett "ranks was H<?m
enway of Lane. On the previous roll call
Mitchell had had 34 votes and Corbett 3G.
When his name was reached Hemenway,
in the last roll call, without explanation*,
responded John H. Mitchell. The call pro
ceeded to the end and Mitchell nnd Cor
bett were then exactly tied, having 35
votes each. Then McQueene of Lane
arose and with a brief speech changed to
Mitchell, nutting him in the lead. Nine
others changed to Mitchell, giving him 45
votes, within one of the goal. There was
a brief wait, and then the nams of "Mat
toon" of Douglass, repeated with great
House has failed to act, however, and the
prospects are that the measure will fall.
A number of other measures of more or
less importance have received a certain
degree of consideration, but will not pass
at this Fession. They include the Joint
resolution proposing a constitutional
amendment for the election of United
States Senators by the direct vote of the
people, which was passed in the House
but has remained unacted upon in the
Senate, and bills to establish .the Depart
ment of Commerce and Industry, to en
dow State schools of mining with a por
tion of the proceeds of public land sales,
authorizing the President to appoint a
commission to study the commercial and
Industrial conditions of China' and Japan
and to regulate trusts and other organi
zations In restraint of trade. • ;
Besides the anti-trust bill, passed by
the House and not acted upon by the
Senate, a resolution proposing a constitu
tional amendment giving Congress more
ample power to deal with trusts was de
feated In the House. Another measure
defeated was that defining the power of
injunction and limiting the authority of
the Federal courts to issue this process. .
Trouble With the Trebles.
Much of the time of the Senate has
been occupied 5n important treaties con
sidered behind closed doors. This Includ
ed the Hay-Pauncefote treaty neutraliz
ing the Nicaragua canal; treaties with
Great Britain and Germany dissolving the
tripartite agreement on Samoa and divid
ing the islands; commercial reciprocity
treaties with France. Germany, the Ar
gentine republic. Nicaragua and witn
Great Britain respecting the various Brit
ish colonies of the West Indies.
The contest over the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty was vigorously conducted through
both sessions. After a sharp contest at
this session the treaty was amended so as
to permit the United States to adopt
such measures of military protection of
the canal as the interests of this Govern
ment may require. In this amended form
thfe treaty was returned to Great Britain.
The final action of that Government will
liaveto be made known before the pres
ent Congress expires if the treaty Is to be
effective.
The various reciprocity treaties have
not received the attention at the hands of
the Senate that was desired fcy those who
negotiated them and by the numerous for
eign Governments Interested. They com
prise all the treaties made under the reci
procity section of the Dingley tariff act.
and the inaction of the Senate on these
treaties appears to terminate the pro
tracted negotiations which have been car
ried on. by foreign Governments on the
subject of reciprocity by treaty.
Another treaty ratified by the Senate is
that purchasing of Spain for $100,000 sev
eral small islands north of the Philippine
group which were omitted from the ac
quisition of the treaty of Paris. The pay
ment to Spain' has been provided for In
the deficiency appropriation bill of the
present session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— "The policies I
have laid down are not to be departed
from If I have to stay a year In prison
in order to maintain the right to do as I
please with my own private affairs. I
will also keep the private affairs of ev
ery member of Zlon and of every deposit
or in Zion's bank sacred and Inviolate "
This 'was the declaration of John Alex
ander Dowie, general overseer of the
Christian Catholic Church, from his pul
pit this afternoon In referring to the In
quisition which the legislative committee
is attempting to make of his afTairs. Zlon
Tabernacle was crowded to overflowing
and hundreds were turnefl away at the
afternoon service. The general overseer
marched up and down the platform and
waved aloft the written opinion of Sam
uel W. Packard, his attorney, setting
forth the rights of Dr. Dowie in the con
templated investigaton. The opinion cov
«red sixteen typewritten pages, and holds
that the committee is without power to
compel him to produce his private books
or disclose his private business or pun
ish him for contempt for failure to do
so. In support of this a number of Fed
eral and civil decisions are quoted.
Preceding the reading of the opinion Dr.
Dowie gave one of his characteristic
talks, in which he conducted the usual
catechism with his faithful followers. He
took as his text PsalmB xev:20— "Shall the
throne of iniquity have fellowship with
thee, which frameth mischief by law?"
He then made the declaration that those
who framed the mischief by law were the
greatest enemies of mankind.
"The resolution passed by the Legisla
ture," said he, "would have been a dis
grace to a debating society, let alone a
legislative body. Speaker Sherman should
have refused to put such a resolution. It
is preposterous. There cannot be found a
lawyer who will father it. The Attorney
General says there is no law which this
committee can enforce. ¦ • ¦ - ,i.
"It has been my duty before this to cor
rect, the authorities, and It isnot surpris
ing that these statesmen did not know
that the resolution waa not good legisla
tion. They know neither law nor gospel.
A man who does right and obeys the law
need fear no man, be he legislator, Gov
ernor or President."
Zionite Leader Questions the
Authority of the Leg
islature.
vehemence, came from many parts of the
hall, and a-crowd of the Douglass County
man's friends pot arouijd htm and talked
to him excitedly. He 'seemed to be suc
cessfullv withstanding them, and soon
there arose cries of "deadlock," "ad
journ." "adjourn." Mattoon finally yield
ed and changed his vote to Mitchell. This
was all that was needed, and the crowd
knew It. Pandemonium reigned for many
seconds and the chair made little effort
to check it. The clerks then completed
the roll and passed it up to President Ful
ton, who announced that Mr. Corbett had
"received 2fl votes, Mr. Mitchell 46 and Mr.
Bennett IS." The crowd went wild again,
fairly jumping up and down In their joy.
Mr. Mitchell had been in. the lobby all
evening watching the progress of the vot
ing. He was hurried forward through
the jostling crowd and escorted to the
platform, where he stood for a minute un
til order w.£s restored. Addressing the
vast audience he said:
"It would be Impossible for me at this
time to offer words in which to properly
express the gratitude that is swelling up
in my heart for the great distinction
Hhown me by your rendered votes. The
elevation to a seat in the United States
Senate Is a great distinction, the greatest
that can be conferred upon a citizen, but
when for a period of thirty years or less
than that tho same State, speaking
through four Legislatures, selects the
same man to that otllce he Is made the
recipient of a. debt that never can be paid
by mere words.
'There is only one way to recompense
you and tho State of Oregon, and that Is
faithful, earnest and efficient attendance
to the duties to which you have assigned
me. This I will endeavor to do.
"To all who cast a vote for me, Repub
licans, Democrats nnd Populists, my heart
goes out In deep gratitude. As to you
who voted for another, let me assure you
thnt I make no distinctions against you
I will represent all the people, all of Ore
gon, to the best of my ability."
Mr. Mitchell has served three full terms
in the United States Senate from Oregon
having been elected the first time in 1S73*
when H. W. Corbett was his chief op
ponent.
DR. DDWEE DEFIES
ILLINOIS SOLONS
JOHN H. MITCHELL, ELECTED TO THE UNITED STATES SENATE
BY THE OREGON LEGISLATURE. MR. MITCHELL HAD, IN PAST
YEARS, SERVED AS SENATOR FOR SEVERAL TERMS.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The record of
the Fifty-sixth Congress is now practi
cally completed and although a few Im
portant measures are »iil' In the balance.
It 1« ossible to take a sui vey of the wile
rar.ge of legislation com-.ldered and en
acted. It has been an eventful Congres3
!ri- many respects. Inheriting as It did
much of the work of reconstruction ar.d
*>xp«nse made necessary by the events of
the war with Spain.
Chief. among these questions has been
the attitude of the Government toward
cur new insular possestio.ns. 'While 'this
Ciuestiori fs.stlll open to fome extent, yet
the present Congress has passed upen one
of its moet .important phases by enactinp
a law for a" complete form of government
for Porto Rico. The status of the Philip
pines has been an unfailing source of.de
late In both branches of Congress, but
with little tangible result. Cuban legisla
tion has been In abeyance pending- the
action of the constitutional convention of
Cuba in framing the constitution of tho
island. i'.y;
Hawaii's Governmental Change.
Another Important achievement In insu
lar legislation was that of enacting a Ian
giving Hawaii a complete form of ierrf
1'irial government with an insular Legis
lature and Judiciary, a Governor chosen
from Hawaii and a I>oleBrate in the HonM
cf Representatives. A Porto Rican Com
missioner also has bcrn accredited to
Washington.
Aside from these acts this Congress has
passed a financial law establishing a pe~
mar.ent pold reserve if about $150,000,000,
lixlnp the ratio between gold and silver
end reorganizing the"^bonding and the
liankinp system of the Treasury: re-irBnn
lzinie- the I'nited States army on a basis
of l"0.000 men; reapportioninK the repre
sentation In Coneress on the basis of t h <?
twelfth census; giving free homes on t'-.e
Indian lands; providing for Government
participation in the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition In 1903. as well as many Other
measures of wide peneral Importance.
But the Conpxess Iraws to a close with
some of the most important measures be
fore it still in doubt and quite likely to
expire without final action, it eluding Hie
Nicarapuan canal bill, the shipping fuIi
fldy bill, the Pacific cable and the oleo
marparine Mil. The fale of some of the^e
measures is very much in doubt, but at
this late dny in the session the chances
are oecidedly against them.
Appropriations Run High.
Th<> appropriations of tne present Coit
press will reach an unusually lnrpe ligrurc-,
«RgTepatine for the two sessions approv
lmatelv $1,457,269,457. Thii: Is about $llQ/>00.-
OW less than the apirrepate appropriations
vt the preceding Congress, which, hov.
fver. covered the period of tho Spanish
wnr. when the appropriations ran in a
*inple y-ear up to $S93.231.C15. The total*
for the last two sessions of the present
Congress, as recently summarized by
Chairman Cannon of the House Commit
tee of Appropriations, are -is follows: Ap
propriations, first session, including pinU-
Jng fund. 5710.150.^02; appropriations sec
ond session, including sinking fund. $747.
ijb.ros. .
The act reorparfizlny the armv and
placing the military r stabMshment on a
permanent bayis probably Is the m^st im
portant piece of general legislation en
acted. Instead of planning a temporary
rxtenslon of the volunteer establishment.
made r.eeeRsary in the war with Spain.
Forreta^y T?oot devised a measure for ¦
comp'.et? reorganization of the anrj on
modern military lint-s. with a maximum
forre of l'M/ffl men and a minimum of
about CSjOOfll The House passed the bill
l>»fnr<» the holidays, but there was consid
erable delay In the Senate and it was not
nntil February 2 that the measure be
came effective as law. A«s finally enactc-l
it pYnviflen a Ftandir.c army to consist >>f
•fifteen regiments of cavalry, a corps of .ir
tillery. thirty reqriments of infantry. fin a
lieutenant cereral, six major generals, fif
teen brigadier penerals and the usual staff
mrps. The nld resrimeMal erpanizatlon ef
the artillery is discontinued. Authority is
Fiv<»n the Presirtf-nt to enlist nntives of th-?
Philippines, when necessity rcjiiires. not
tn exceed i2,<Wi men. A provisional regi
m/Tt of Porto Rlcan? also Is provided. A
feature of th* net Is the rimhlbitinn of the
sale of intoxicating lirjuors in any posr.
Transport <->r other militarv property of th*:
I'rJted States.
Laws Affecting Finance.
The financial lffcjslation °f the Con
pr«^:» had be^n of unusual importance
©nd lias "placed on the statute books the
law establishing the pold standard, pro
viding for the redemption and reissue of
the Interest-bearing bonded obligations of
the United State*, establishing a perma
nent gold reserve of $lo0,0 ( » .(«>>. regulating
rational hanks and making numerous pro
visions respecting circulation and the tax
en circulation.
The revenue legislation has been con
fined to an effort to reduce the taxation
imposed when the war with Spain-began.
A bill passed by the House reduced rev
enue about $4'i,000.00o. the chief reductions
being on boer and in the removal of the
i-tamp taxes on bank checks, telegrams,
commercial papers, life insurance poli
cies, proprietary medicine* and many
other articles. In tho Senate an entirely
new substitute was passed. This, how
ever, retained the main features of the
House bill, but materially changed the
rates throughout, adding reductions on
tobacco in various forms and restoring
the tax on bank checks. This revenue re
duction measure is still in controversy
between the two houses.
The twelfth census disclosed various in
creases in the States, and a bill providing
for a new basis of represcnraii in was en
acted. The total representation is fixed
at SS6 members, or twenty-nine more than
la the present Houee.
Military "Academy Stir.
Hazing at West Point has received at
tention at the present eepslon, with the
prospects that strong restrictive legisla
tion will be enacted. The Senate adopted
anti-hazing provisions In the military
academy appropriation bill. This has
£roua«?<l a counter movement, however,
taiA it will remain for the lawt days of the
tension' to determine Just what restric
tions on'h&zlnir are to be Imposed.
Aside from legislation the two houses
have peon several animated personal con
troversies. CnarppH of treason were made
against Delegate Wilcox of Hawaii, but
op ln<julry by the House committee the
Delegate was upheld in the right to his
teat on the ground that the charges re
ferred to action prior to the Hawaiian
territorial act. .
Kjieham H. Roberts of Utah was ex
pelled from the* House after an exciting
contest. Senator Quay of Pennsylvania
•was refused. a sent In the Senate on tho
appointment of Governor Btone. Sensa
tional charges against Senator Clark of
Montana were investigated by a Senate
committee, and the exciting mining riots
in the- Ovur d'Alene district of Idaho
were investigated. The Senate also ap
pointed a Cuban Inquiring committee, but
little has been accomplished In that line.
Measures .That May Die.
Four o^fthe most important measures
before the present Congress, namely, the
Nicarejruft canal bill, the shipping subsidy
biU, the Pacific cable bill and the oleo
margarine bill, have occupied much time
and have aroused great public attention.
The canal bill -was passed hi the Housa
of Representatives and authorized ex
penditures of SMO.Ono.OOO. with a present
appropriation of $10,000,000. The measure
¦was favorably reported to the Senate, but
owing to the complications arising over
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty the Senate
has not considered the bill, and it is like
ly to be one r of the measures to die with
the Congress.
. The ehlp eubFidy bill has been a sub
ject of active controversy, which in the
fieftate has been very bitter. The House
ha« taken no action on the bill, pending
the contest In the Senate, so that accord-
Ing to present Indications the bill will not
have a parliamentary status as having
paReed «>ither branch of Congress. ' •
The Pacific cable bill paused the Senate
at the first session and hae been pending
Jn the House since. It provides for a ca-
Ij1«. to Hawaii and tile Philippines under
Government management. ' The bill as
reported to the .Houee was favorable to
prjvate construction of the cable. The
Several pf the Important Measures
~ Proposed Cannot Be Acted Upon
•;•• Before th« S-ssion
Closes.
Vast Amount of Work Ac
jcompllshed By thi Pres- ~
ent Congress.
RECORDS HEAVY
WITH THE LAWS
DEADLOCK IN OREGON
IS BROKEN BY MATTOON
Changes His Vote at a Critical Moment and
Mitchell Is Declared Elected.
HOUSE IS PREPARING ;•
FOR FINAL CONTESTS
Time Haa Now Practically Gone by
for the Passage of New Legis
lative Measures.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The last week
of this Congress In the House will be
mainly occupied with conference reports
on the appropriation bills and the other
numerous measures now' being fought
over by the managers of the two houses.
The last of the general appropriation bills
¦went to the Senate on Thursday, and the
House had Its decks pretty well- cleared
for the final contests with the Senate.
Borne of these struggles will • probably
be exceedingly fierce, buf when it comes
down to actual work the House can dis
pose of business under Its ¦ rules with
much greater celerity than the Senate.
The last six days of- the session are sus
pension days, and It is always : possible
to bring the House to a vote on any prop
osition under a motion to suspend the
rules, which provide for only twenty min
utes' debate upon a side. The time has
practically gone by for the passage of
new bills, although an attempt doubtless
will be made to secure action on the bills
to promote the efficiency of the revenue
cutter service and to create a standardiz
ing bureau. Beyond these apd a few
small bills of local importance no effort
will be made to put through any bills. It
probably will be necessary to hold night
sessions during the latter part of the
week, and both houses, will set next Sun
day to continue the legislative day of Sat
urday, which expires at noon, March 4.
, ?
WOTJLB-BE INVADERS
CAUGHT IN THE ACT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; PANAMA, Feb. 24.— The Herald's corre
spondent in Managua, Nicaragua, reports
that Frederick Mora, a Costa Rlcan, who
had taken refuge In I Nicaragua about a
year ago, attempted to invade Costa Rica
with some enemies of President Zelaya
of Nicaragua. As. soon as the Nlcaraguan
Government received information of this
exploit the Secretary of State telegraphed
to the Costa Rlcan Government advising
It of the proposed Invasion.
DR. FARMAN STILL
REFUSES TO ACCEPT BAIL
Napa Saloon-Wrecker Says He Will
Slay in Pi-ison Until His Case
Is Called.
NAPA. Feb. 24.— Dr. Charles H. Far
man's attempt to wreck the Revere
House saloon oh Saturday morning Is still
the talk of the town, and his action Is be
ing discussed very freely by the citizens
of Xapa. Some people indorse his course
and say that he should have done a bet
ter Job than he did— that he should have
used a hatchet, as Carrie Nation has
done. Others do not uphold the course
pursued by him in putting down the
liquor traffic In Napa,
Under Sheriff Daly and Constable Se
cord served the warrant of arrest on
Farman, and took him to the Sheriff's
office ,' there to await the arrival of some
of his friends. The doctor would not ac
cept bnil, and said he would go to jail,
which he did last night, and will stay
there until his case comes up for trial,
unless he changes his mind about being
released on ball.
His friends endeavored Saturday iafter
noon to induce him, to receive ball and go
to his home, but this the doctor refused.
Mr. Farman admits that he premeditated
his act and knew It was wrong In the
sight of the law, but he claims that he
wants to test the constitutionality of the
law in licensing saloons, which are de
bauching boys and men-and wrecking the
homes of families, and that his act was
the only way to brine him Into court. He
said that he hoped his action would have
Influence morally with the people and
that they would awaken to forward the
movement that Is now in progress against
liquor traffic in our land'.at - this time.
His case will probably be called In court
next week. .
Indorsed for Circuit Judge.
HONOLULU. Feb. 17.— Attorney George
A. Davis' has been unanimously.. Indorsed
for a Circuit Judgeshlp by.the:Republi
can Territorial Committee. • The indorse
ment went forward to Washington some
time since. ,- Davis Is a well-known Hono
lulu lawyer and was given a commission
as Circuit Judge -by: President Dole'dur
ing the last days of the republic of Ha
waii...- . .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1405 O
STREET, N. AV., WASHINGTON*, Feb.
24i— Important developments are expect
ed In the Venezuela asphalt controversy
within the next few days. Sir. Quinlah
of the Warner-Qulnlan Company has. ar
rived in Trinidad on his way to the scene
of the disturbance, and Is supposed to be
making preparations to take possession
of the company's claim by force, if pecea
sary, while the agents of the New York
and Bermudez Company in Guanaco ' are
reported to be arming for resistance and
building forts around the asphalt lake*.
It ¦ is understood that while the Ber
mudez Company feels It would be Justified
In forcibly resisting the intrusion of In
dividual or outside companies upon the
tracts which it asserts are its own, it will
not forcibly oppose the Venezuelan troops
sent by President Castro.
General Castro lately issued a decree in
favor of the Warner-Quintan side of -the
controversy, and it was reported that he
intended to follow up the decree with
troops, but at last accounts from Vene
zuela he had not done so, and it is quite
possible he will not, .as he will soon have
an election on his hands, and perhaps an
other revolution.
However that may be, this Venezuelan
difficulty bids fair to develop into a ques
tion of grave political and international
Importance In the near future. So far as
the asphalt dispute Is concerned, the Im
portant point, in a national and interna
tional sense, Is that the controversy is
not between two rival American com
panies, but rather between an American
company and the Venezuelan Govern
ment, or the present Venezuelan Presi
dent, who Is practically the Venezuelan
Government, as he exercises dictatorial
powers.
It Is pointed out that the importance of
the asphalt\case Is greatly enhanced by
the fact tha\ the American Interests in
volved have been created and afforded
protection by the Venezuelan laws and
courts themselves. The legitimacy of
the status quo cannot be questioned from
the point of view of the officials who have
considered the case, and this protection
has been rendered of no avail by the
arbitrary action of the dictatorial ruler.
Dispute in Venezuela Sud
denly Assumes Alarm
ing Proportions.
ARMING TO HOLD
ASPHALT LANDS
MRS. NATION WEARIES V5
OF LIFE IN PBISON
She Orders a Judge to Release He* 1 -
N and Her Letter Goes to tie"
"Waste Basket. ¦ i
TOPEKA, Kans\. Feb. 24.— Mrs. Carrla
Nation, tired of Jail life, ha3 written
Judge Hazen. a letter demanding release.
"I want you to quit your fooling-." sha
writes, "and let me out. or here. •• IJ you
cause me to miss my engagements I won't
feel like a ministering angel to you. It la
time for you to recover 'yourself before
the devil, your master, makes a cl$an,
sweep with you Into hell.. Ton know yriu
are persecuting one of God's c'hildr'en. who
loves you for Jesus' sake. Let toe out.
that I may go ebout my business .tof sav
ing such poor devils as you. Writ© or
come to see me right off." ... >. ' ::
Judge Hazen has ignored the ; letter.
placing It In the waste-basket wtth doz
ens of others received on the subject from
different parts of . the country. Some of
these letters threaten the Jadg*. Ono
from Bunker Hill. Kans.. says a commit
tee of fifty will administer. a coat of tar
and feathers to the official. It Mrs. >T atlon
is not released by February 27. and an*
Other; from a woman in -Douglas. ilick*j
says: • ' . ¦ ¦..¦ : ' "¦;¦¦'
| "We now propose If Mr$. Nation. Is Be!.4
longer to raise the greatest array: bZ
women - the world has ever known and
wipe man out of existence. It la our in
tention to begin with you/' • .;; . ; .
. • . ' * ". 4 '
CONSPIRACY :BKH»N1> \ .':'¦¦
I- ' MTJRDER IK MONTANA
Caused tne iDeath. of Captain
Oliver. Dotson. ?
Officers Satisfied That an ex-Convict
; HELENA. Mont, Ffcb. 24— Captain ©!t- #
ver Dotson. whose body was found In his
cabin at.W ashlI1 Rt on Gulch, was undoubt
edly murdered. Sheriff Mcilahon of Pow
ell County and Deputy Sheriff Robcrtsoa
of Deer Lodge Cotmty. w no have been in
vestigating-th© case, are In tho city to
day. They say that the confession pur
porting to come from X>otson. in •which lie
was made to declare hl» son and gtandsoa
innocent of the njarde.r of Eugene Cullir
nane, was a: forgery- . - . . • .
.' There- is every reason to believe that tho
murder' was committed by."Jlm"--iMcMa9
ters. an ex-convlct, who: had cfensplred
with Clinton' Dotsqn,. Captain Potson'3
$on. who is servint? a ninety-nine years'
term In the penitentiary; to kill the old
man, wjtn the expectation o£ s&curtns tha
son and" grandson's pardon tnrougi. a
fraudulent confession. '. <
McMasters. and Captain ' Dotson w«sro
together In the smallpox hospital at Hel
ena until two weeks ago/ when they wero
discharged. McMasters went to Dotson'a
cabin, arriving there before the old man.
who was killed within a few minutes after
his return. The officers had been, In
formed of the conspiracy, but did not be
lieve it would be carried out.
BRITISH VESSEL SEEN
•prTT/PT.T'RS ON THE SEA.
Small Coal Supply of a Passing
Steamer Prevents Her From
. Rendering Assistance.
ST. MICHAELS. Azores, Feb. 24.— The
British steamer ilira. Captain Vincent,
from New Orleans for Liverpool, waa
spoken on February 19 In latitude 36 de
grees north, longitude 47 west, with her
rmWerhead gone, by the British steamer
Forest Home, which arrived here for coal
to-day. Th© Forest Home reports that
owing to her small coal supply she was
unable to render any assistance to the
lllra.
HONOLULU, Feb. 17.— The Board of
Health of the Territory has appointed a
committee to draft a bill, which it will
ask the Legislature to pass, . preventing
the landing on Hawaiian soil of any per
son afflicted with a contagious or infec
tious disease who is considered a menace
to the public health. This Includes con
sumptives. ,
The bill proposed by the Board of
Health Is a very drastic measure. A rough
draft submitted by Attorney General
Dole, a member of the board, provides
that all persons concerned in bringing
here a person affected by a contagious or
infectious disease may be fined and im
prisoned, including masters and owners of
vessels and friends or relatives who may
encourage the undeslred immigrants to
come. The invalids not wanted are to be
deported. *";.¦_
Some of the. features ofuie bill were
suggested by the case of the leper Pratt,
who came from San Francisco, and whom
the authorities found themselves power
less to send on any vessel if the. captain
objected. The China and the City of Pe
king refused to take him, but he was sent
on another vessel.
TRANSPORT BRINGING
A DESERTER TO PRISON
American Who Was Commissioned
by Filipinos .Among Persons on
the Solace -at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Feb. 17.— The transports
Solace, Indiana and Oopack arrived here
on the 14th. the latter from San Francisco
and the other two from Manila. The. In
diana has on' board 463 sick men of va
rious regiments, convalescents from
Philippine hospitals. There " are fifteen
dead bodies in her hold.
The Solace has six officers and seven
teen man, sick and wounded, in her hos
pital and thirteen prisoners in her hold.
Among the prisoners Is Frederick M.
Baker, the man who deserted the Ameri
can army in the Philippines and went
over to the enemy. He was serving as an
officer In the amy of the Filipinos when
captured by his own countrymen. He is
under a sentence of life Imprisonment.
Tho Solace and Indiana both leave for
San Francisco to-day.
The Oopack made the trip here from
San Francisco without losing any of the
750 horses and mules on board.
First Mate Schroeder of the schooner
Honolpu was arresr^d a tKahulul. Maui,
last week on a charge of assaulting a
seaman with an iron barr He was re
leased by Judge McKay of the District
Court of TVailuku on a plea of 'his at
torney that as the alleged offense had
been committed on an American vessel,
only a Federal Court, having marine
jurisdiction, could try the case. As the
only United States court in the territory
is that of. Judge Estee in Honolulu/this
decision leaves the police on the other
islands in a quandary. .
CAPTAIN AND FRIVATE
\IN FIERCE ENCOTJNTEB,
pines Works Out His Revenge
on His Superior.
Soldlsr Who Fought in the Philip
pines Works Out His Be vert ge
HONOLULU. Feb. 17.— A fierce fight be
tween a captain of infantry and a private
who served under him in the Philippines,
both of whom arrived here on the trans
port Indiana, took, place last Friday even
ing. It was the result of a grievance
which the private held against the officer
for what he thought was cruel treatment
at the front. ...
According to the story told by the pri
vate, he was tied to a post in an upright
position and compelled to serve for two
hours as a sentry, when he was too weak
to stand: Ho stated that his company
doctor did not give him a proper excuse
from service and that when the captain
ordered him out he fell at his post from
weakness, whereupon the captain, insist
ing that the illness was feigned, had-hlm
tied up as stated, with a rifle in his hands.
The private vowed that if he ever met
his superior after he was discharged and
on American soil he would get his re
venge. r < 1'he two met near the Honolulu
fish market. The soldier had his dis
charge and the captain challenged him
to take his revenge. There was a fight,
started. It Is stated; by the officer, and
the private made his word good. "Reports
of the encounter leaked out. just before
the departure of , the Indiana, but the
names of the men could not' be-*-* learned.
It is stated by witnesses .that- tne captain
was severely punished.
Board of Health Will Ask
for the Passage of a
• Drastic Law.
Woodworth succeeds Frank L. Coombs,
Congressman-elect from California,
Much surprise was expressed In legal
circles in th's city yesterday over the ap
pointment of D. E. McKinlay as Assist
ant United States District Attorney, as It
was not supposed that he was a candi
date for the office, although his name
had been mentioned among those who as
pired to the position. Judson C. Brusle,
the attorney, i-olitieian and playwright,
was an avowed candidate for the post of
Assistant United States District Attorney.
It was generally understood that E. J.
Banning would be reappointed to the of
fice he has filled for the last two years.
Mr. Banning Is a Californian and is 30
years old. He was educated at St. Ig
natius College and graduated from that
institution. He studied law in the of
fice of Henley & Costello and at the Hast
ings I^aw College, from which he grad
uated.
HAWAII FEARS
CONSUMPTIVES
After being admitted to the bar, Mr.
Banning practiced law with Henley &
Costello for some years and then started
into business for hirtiself. • In November,
1S38, when Judge Foote was United States
District Attorney, Mr. Banning and Mar
shall B. Woodworth were appointed as
sistants in the office, to succeed Bert
Schlesinger and Samuel Knight. When
Frank Coombs succeeded Judge Foote,
Messrs. Banning and Woodworth con
tinued as assistants to the United States
District Attorney.
Mr. Banning is popular with Federal
officials and the members of the legal
profession, and Judge de Haven of the
United States District Court has many
times complimented him on the able man
ner In which he has conducted Important
cases for the Government. His reap
pointment Is sure to be greeted with sat
isfaction.
•Duncan E. McKinlay, who will become
an assistant in the office of the United
States District Attorney, Is well known
in Sonoma County and In this city. He
formerly lived in Santa Rosa and was
a painter for many years before he
studied law. He practiced law in Santa
Kosa and four j'ears ago came to San
Krancisco. Air. McKinlay has been heard
all over the State as a political speaker,
and In 1S96 stumped the State for the
Republican party. In that year he was
placed on the electoral ticket by the Re
publican State Central Committee to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation of
Colonel Crocker. Mr. McKinlay Is about
45 years ojd and Is a forceful speaker.
Special IMspateh to The Call,
UNIONTOWN, Wash., Feb. 24.-Crazed
through poverty, Mrs. Rosa 3YurzerJ.lasjt
night threw her six children into a well,
Jumped after them and standing in two
feet of water held the children under one
by one until they drowned. She remained
in the well with the bodies of her murdered
children until noon to-day. At that hour
her cries attracted the attention of City
Marshal Hagerman. He secured the aid
of neighbors, the woman was taken out
and now is in her home violently insane,
and in a straight Jacket to prevent fur
ther crime on ner part. In an adjoining
room, on one bed, lie the lifeless bodies
of the children, awaiting the arrival of
the Coroner.
The victims are Louise, aged 10 years;
Rosa, aged 11; Anna, aged y; Joseph and
Mary, twins, aged 6, and George, aged 4.
When Marshal Hagerman heard Mrs.
Wurzer's cries he went to the mouth of
the well and asked "What's the matter?"
"I threw the children down the well,
and 1 am here, too," faintly responded
Mrs. Wurzer, in German. ,
"When did you throw them In?" asked
he.
•'La.«t night," was the reply.
The Marshal called for heip and neigh
bors soon gathered. Mr. Hanna, one of
these, was towered by a rope, lie placed
the rope about the woman and she was
haulcd-out. Then Mr. Hanna felt in tne
water for the children.
"I've found one," he cried. The re
mains were fastened to the rope and
pulled* out. One by one the other Uve
bodies were removed and laid side by
side on the bed. All were fully dressed,
even to their hats. In the pocket of one
boy was found an apple. A cut on one
boy"s lace and a black and blue spot
under the eye of a girl are the only marks
of violence! Marks on Mrs. Wurzer's
neck indicate that she had attempted
suicide by hanging, probably prior to
murdering her family.
Tho weil is thirty feet deep, and at its
top a wooden curbing narrows the en
trance to about twenty inches square.
Hence she must have used great force. 'to
squeeze the larger children through the
hole. It Is believed she must have
drugged them, as she is a slight, delicate
woman and the children were strong and
sturdy.
To The Call representative Mrs. Wurzer
talked rambllngiy. First she said she
killed the children because she thought
death preferable to poverty. Again she
declared she had read of Chinese atroci
ties and thought the Chinese would at
tack her household and slay her children.
She determined to cheat them of their
victims, and to drown herself. "I threw
four, in," she said again, "then one of
them jumped in .when 1 asked her to and
Rosa came of her own accord."
Three years ago her husband died,
leaving the family destitute. The county
has furnished $15 per month for their sup
port for some time. She" had been de
spondent for some time, but none of the
neighbors suspected such a terrible out
come I'eople from the country for miles
around are here, and the crime in all its
ghastly, details is the pole topic of con
versation. Ths 'woman will be taken to
the County Jail at Colfax to-morrow If
her physical condition permits. Two citi
zens report having seen Mrs. Wurzer on
the strret at 7 o'clock In the evening,
while one man is positive he *aw her at
8:30, and these facts lend color to the
theory that she had drugged th6 children
and was waiting for the little ones to
become helpless before thrusting them
down the well to death. She admitted to
the Marshal that. she had tried to kill
herself, but was unable. In the cramped
quarters to accomplish her purpose. It
was evident she had either stood or re
clined on the bodies of her dead children
all night and half the next day until ex
hausted nature called for relief and she
hailed the Marshal.
Mrs. Wurzer is about 35 years of age,
of dark complexion, black eyes and
weighs about 125 pounds, .being of medium
height. She is of a prepossessing appear
ance, and never before gave evidences
Of Insanity. The family lived in their own
home, insubstantial brick house of four
rooms. the death of the father
three yearo ago friends In the . country
have been most kind and have brought
donations of food and clothing. Mrs.
Wurzer never wanted for anything neces
sary to decent existence. Bhe was an in
dustrious woman of good education, par
ticularly In music. She endeavored to eke
out an existence In adOition to the little
appropriation given by ¦ the county by
taking music scholars. When times
were good she gave lessons on the
guitar. She also played the piano. The
children attended school regularly. They
were present Friday afternoon and par
ticipated in the Washington's birthday
exercises.
Principal Savage of the public schoof
says the children were bright in their
lessons; were always fair In their de
portment, and their mother kept them
dressed I neatly. There was no lncum
brance on their home. The family seems
to tfave had no relatives In America, as
Mrs. Wurzer Is not known to have
spoken of 4ny relatives nearer than Ger
many.
Jumps In IJpon the Little
Ones and Holds Them
Under Water.
DROWNS HER
SIX CHILDREN
IN A WELL
Crazy Mother Com
mits a HorriWe
Primp
Special rrtspatclJ «• **« Call..;
NEW YORK. Feb. 2-J.-J. Plerportt Mor
gan has completed a project by '/which
another and the greatest consolidation o?
capital is added to tho notable-list Of
those of the Ian ten years. Thisr steel
trust plan was consummated at a. con-:
ference in his office lat* yesterday; aftec
noon. and to-day the news wad the topic
of conversation In the corridors of *.he up
town hotels. - i ¦ ¦
An otBdal announcement may be tXr
pected to-morrow from the office of J.V:
Morgan & Co., which will In tho near tii
ture be the seat of control of .the: coun
try's great stetl properUt>s. to the' effect
that the Carnegie Company. Federal Stenl
Company, National Tube Cottipany,
American Steel and Wire Company.
American Tin Plate Company. National
Steel Company. American Steel • Hoo"i>
Company and American Sheet Steel Com
pany are to be combined in one concern,
which is to issue its stock in return for
theirs, the valuation having: been tleter
roined upon the assets ami earntns power
of the respective corporations thus
merged.
Tins new trust. It 13 understood, will be
called the Unite*! States Consolidated,
Steel Company. It will have a total cap
italization Of J1.100.000.0CO. Of this $3U.
000,000 will be 5 per cent seneral mortgage
bonds, $400,000,00) will be 7 per cent stock
and 5100,000,000 will be common stock. The
charter of the company, -which has been
prepared und^r thf special guidance of
William . Nelson Cromwell, who pro
moted the National Tube Company, will
be filed in Trenton. N. J.." to-morrow. ,
Greatest Steel Companies in
America Consolidate -v-^
Interests. '" \ : .; : .
Pierpont Morgan the Financier "WI29
Has Enginwred the Project ?ia4 :
Will Rule the ImmenH ? ; ,, . :
Concern. . -.• :.^' :;••¦*
BILLION BEHIND
A GIANT TRUST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MO1S DAY, JfiflJUttTARY. 25, 1901
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON.
Feb. 24.— It was learned to-day
from gossip in official circles that
D. E. McKinlay of Santa Rosa,
Cal., and E. J. Banning of San Francisco
will be the appointees as deputies to
United States District Attorney Marshall
B. Woodworth, recently appointed for tho
Northern District of California. Mr.
Appointments to Places in the District Attor
ney's Off ice Soon to Be Announced.
WOODWORTH'S DEPUTIES
McKINLAY AND BANNING
¦ •
MEN WHO WILL BE DEPUTIES UN
DER UNITED STATES DISTRICT
ATTORNEY WOODWORTH.
NEW TORK. Feb! 24.-On T thV North Ger
man Lloyd »teamshlp Werra. which left to-day
for the Mediterranean, was a party of scien
tists bound for Sumatra to view, the eclipse of
tho sun on Hay 17. ¦• .... ¦• ...^
2
Special Dispatch to The Call.
" To Cure a Cold " in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. -•All
diusrclstB refund the money. if It falls to cuie.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box, ?5c. •
To Prevent. the Grip,.
Laxative Brcmo- Quinine retaoTes Use causa* ¦
The Only Way to Get a Com-
. plcte Cure for ; .-j
Catarrh, Deafness,
%lL \JMIMH!!!^3C Throat
IS TO TREAT IT AKTISEPTTCI.y. ' •. . -.
Tt,« T only was to Co tills is with the eottin«-
h.^ NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD; /XiwentSd
•« P .d patented by . :"! ¦ . ; " • ;
DR. COTTINCHAfll,
;E *p,rt oa KAR. ggjgfc™*' •** «g»|
204 Sntter St., NW. Ccr. o? Kenrny,
FREE— Absolutely tree Examina.tloo aad on»
veek's treatment given to convince- you of taa
virwrlor merit of this new treatment; 3000 test
cases, 95 per cent cured. Try It VREE *nd be
convinced while you can. Call at onco or wr:t».
f *» «ft» ¦^»'^ < O> «» *> <*
i visit DR. JORDAN'S ouzatj)
(SUSEUi OFWWTOHYj
QjP liMLBrrntAaaMaicalMttMtiahit^e
A Jfc^J C8. JCaOAH-PfilVATH D135ASES 6
\ itSfcSfcB • Co.iiu>t»tfca fr— »«! rtI J'^ 1 ? P riTlt< T \
A I t2*Fh T" » :in « a « p«" oniil! y " b r '-""• A 9
T fl W V? U iw.li« iwJln n«fT cininuertiioi. T
kRff life. Wntofor ttw*. PBilWuOPB* t» fl
I A it-" «habl« book fc» mm) ¦• X-
i * J>B. JOBD AW * «-'©.. 1051 MarfMt 8t.,a. F. T
0<l/<t'1!!/^*» <^ < ' <^*^**^^* t * >^9
DR.MEYEBS&CO. dg&&*
Specialists. Disease jgc%5 If
men. Established ( J%1
1SS1. Consultation Yffi,'|^rf '¦
and private book . NSfav. 1 Ji*-X I I
free, at office or by Jtft&bL.
mall. Cures puar- rafchsSirSK* -
anteed. T.'U Mar-
ket street (.elevator J w^mS*}cB'
entrance). San
ATtyt-TRMMSl'MT-'fr 1 ''''"'^James Donde, a boy aged 12 years,- who
resides at 1213 Clay street,- while hunting
in the Berkeley hills yesterday afternoon
was accidentally shot in the right arm
with a • 22-caliber - rifle by a' companion,
whose name the injured boy refused to
divulge, ' s The accident occurred while the
weapon was being loaded.
Boy. Accidentally Shot.
Mrs. John T. Brophy, mother of Ser
geant of Police William Brophy, expired
at her home, ; 237 Ninth street, yesterday.
Deceased was an estimable and exceed
ingly charitable woman. 59 years of age
and had resided, in San Francisco since
the 'BO's. Death was due to cancer."
Sergeant Brophy, Thomas E. Brophy,
Miss Alice; Brophy, Mrs. James Ford and
Mrs. : Lafrenz are left " to- mourn -their
mother's loss. The funeral will take
place Tuesday from St. .Joseph's Church.
Interment will be in Holy Cross Cemetery.
Death of Mrs. John Brophy.
LIVINGSTON. Mont., Feb. 24.-What Is
regarded as the richest gold strike ever
known in this section of Montana, has
Just been made In throe of the ten claims
of the Milwaukee-Montana Company. The
ore Is In free-milling quartz, much of it
knit together. with native wire gold. The
veins are of great breadth and the gold
runs from $19. to moro than $300 per ton.
There is also copper In payinff quanti
ties In the claim*.
Livingftton.
Rich Free Hilling: Quartz Found' Near
GOLD STRIKE IN MONTANA.
DEL MONTE; Feb. .'24.— Dr. . Bowditch
Mcrton of Del' Monte and C. F. Ayera of
€a-n Francisco! who tied for third prize in
•.he men's emateur solf contest here yes
terday, played off to-day, Ayers winning
*>• one etrofce.'C. B. JCnapp of Reading.
Pa., end Charles llubfcard of Oakland,
who ftlso tied for th# special prize offered
for the bent crops ecore. also played off
to-<Jaj\ Hubbard Tvpn -In a close finish.
< hatr.pion Winie Smith and James Mel
ville, Del Monte's professional, plcycd a
match game this afternoon, which was
fine, despite the soft condition .of the
course, Melville beating Smith 1 t:n. This
I? the «ecend time MeH-llle has defer.ted
Pn-.ith Eince the latter's arrival at Del
ilenu.
Willie Smith'.
Melville for th* Second Time Difeats
GOLF AT. DEL MONTE.
reclaimed land east of .town is submerged
by the rising water- of Old River. The
houses, barns' ar.d warehouses belonging
to the Hawaii and California Beet Sugar
Company are seen . frohi here floating
arour.<! Jn the water^ Dwellings and. barns
belonging to the new settlers who have
been living on. the reclaimed land are all
under water. Further up the le\-ee Martin
Trammers' handsome home and surround
ings are alsro under wat*r. Mr. • Trainor'a
house, with all its contents, with the oc
cupants, has floated away. Pig», chickens
and other stock are reported drowned
Wagons laden ¦with household effects
are coming into town from the flooded dis
trict, the people glad to escape with what
ever they can save. ; No land can be seen
for niiJes. and the watrr t< eteadily riBing".
The flood extends as far north as Clif
ton Court. At that place the report is
that the levee Is still- intact. Several
dredges ere constantly at work", watching
for arty break which may occur In the
l?vee there. This ts the highest water
Hnre.1890, wh*n.- the water covered part
r f the now flooded district. ; •
BETHANT. Feb. 24.— The entire tract of
of Bethainy Flooded, and I/osa
Is Heavy.
HUNDREDS OF ACRES
ARE TTNDE3 WATER
Entire Tract of Reclaimed Land East
SAMOA, Feb. 8.— The Kaiser's birthday
was celebrated with great display at
Apia on January 27 last. Elaborate prep
arations had been made and a large sum
of money voted by the German Govern
ment for expenses.
Governor Solf has speedily settled a
tflttlculty between the districts of Atua
and Faleallll, which were about to do
battle with each other. He went to the
disturbed : district: with Tamasese and a
Boumanutafa, ascertained the ¦ cause of
the trouble and arrested the ringleaders.
• The Samoans of German Samoa have
during the last few months surrendered
to the authorities nearly 2000 guns which
they withheld from tho Joint High Com
mission In 1899. ,
Commander Tilley has been in com
mand of tho Abarenda and in the South
Seas for almost two years. .Secretary
Long will give him leave of absence and
ho will come to the United States to get
his family and return with them* to
Pugo Pago. ' His administration has been
warmly, praised by the department offi
cials.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET. N. W.. WASHINGTON; Feb.
24. — Commander Benjamin F. Tilley will
remain in command of the naval station
of Tutuila. • Secretary Long recently gave
him to understand that If he cared to
be detached from his present duty neces
sary orders would be Issued. ' To the de
partment's gratification Commander Til
ley replied that ho preferred to remain
at Pago Pago until he had completed the
work of establishing American rule over
the Samoan Islands belonging to the
United. States.
Special Dispatch to Tha Cell.
American Commander De
cides to Hold His Post
at Pago Pago.
TILLEY'S FLAG
WILL REMAIN
This condition is the growth of many
years. It was bad enough in the Fifty
third Congress and those which preceded
It. but it has been much worse since the
beginning of the Fifty-fourth Congress,
when what is expressively termed the
"hog combine" was formed for the con
trol of all the patronage of the House.
The question of the fitness of a man for
the place to which he was appointed was
rarely considered, and some of the places
were distributed by having slips of paper
bearing the names of offices mixed up In
a hat from which tha men to be appoint
ed drew their 'places by lot.
This report, which will be submitted be
fore the end of the present week, will ex
pose th© condition of affairs which if it
had existed in any executive department
would have led to loud demands in Con
gress for the removal of responsible of
ficials.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1405 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Feb.
24.— When the cpeclal committee appoint
ed by Speaker Henderson to investigate
the appointment and payment of employes
of tho House of Representatives makes its
report numerous irregularities .and petty
scandals will be exposed, which may re
flect seriously on the elective officers of
the House and on the methods of the
Committee on Accounts— tho auditing
committee of the House.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
Promise of Startling Dis
closures in the House of
Representatives.
SESSION'S END
BREWS SCANDAL
I DENVER, Feb. 2*.— Chief of Police Far
j ley to-night announced that all other ef
j forts to capture the mysterious fiend who
' has assaulted eighteen women and killed
two within the past eight months on Capl-
J tel Hill having railed, he would to-morrow
; night detail twelve poljccmen In women's
; clothes to search for him. Three assaults
; last Fridcy night, and on« of which has
, already proved fatal, has terrorized the
residents of the most fashionable quarter
of the city.
Chief Farley hopes that the thug will
attack one. of the disguised policemen, and
; that tho policeman can kill him before he
escapes. The district Is now patrolled by
J fifty men In unlfnrm.
POLICEMEN IN SKIRTS
TO CATCH A RUFFIAN
SPRINGFIELD. Mo., Feb. 24.— Captain
G. L. Jones, treasurer of the Missouri
Confederate Monument 'Association, to-
Oay received a check for 5500 from Sen
ator Vest, a gift from Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst. The letter from Mrs. Hearst
Fays:
-I note what you eay in regard to my
husband's generous donation to the Con
federate Home in your State. While he
was living he was making money, and
plnce he passed away I have been trying
to accomplish a great many things, which
have consumed all of my income. Bo
*ides, I have divided my estate with my
son. giving him the better half, and I am
precluded from doing many things which
I would like to be In a position to do."
Sends to Missouri Veterans a Con-
tribution to Their Monu
mtnt Fund.
MBS. HEARST'S TRIBUTE
TO CONFEDERATE DEAD
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 24.— W. W. Wil
rnot. the Port Townsend suicide, was re
lated to Sir Eardley Wilmot, former Gov
ernor of Tasmania. The family is well
known in all the colonies.
PORT TOWNSEND, Feb. 24.— W. W.
Wilmot, whose people are eald to be
wealthy residents of Tasmania, commit
ted suicide here to-day by taking cya
nide of potassium. He had shipped on
board the American ship Kennebec. bound
for Australia, but to-day he asked the
captain to release him, and when his' re
quest was refused he took his life. Among
his- effects were found a considerable
quantity of Jewelry and receipted bills
from leading Jewelry firms in Chicago and
San Francisco.
Townsend.
W. W. Wilmot Ends. His Life at Port
TAKES A DOSE OF POISON.
II. S. Ball and C. K. Tuttle of Pacific
Grove sustained the severest injuries, the
former being rendered unconscious and
the latter suffering «- badly twisted leg.
Others of the party, Alex Underwood, A.
A. Manuel and Alonzo Allen of Monterey,
were slightly Injured and H. E. Kent of
Paclrlc Grove escaped comparatively un
hurt. »
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 21.— A party of
prominent Masonic officers of this citv
and Monterey met with a serious acci
dent to-night while driving from Salinas,
en route homo from the funeral of County
Supervlsor A. Wiedemann. The team be
came unmanageable while crossing the
Salinas River bridge, five miles from Sa
linas, and the leaders started to run.
overturning the coach and throwing out
all the occupants.
turning From Funeral of A.
Wiedemann at Salinas.
Narrowly Escape Daath While Re-
MASONIC OFFICERS
THEOW1T FROM A COACH
jez& ALL. HEADQUARTERS". SACRA
(T MEXTO, Feb. 24.— With the end
(I . of the session but a few days off.
both flies full to ovcrflowlne of
bills and every one predicting that
even the big measuree cannot be got
through in time the Assembly adjourn"
for three days and the Senate for two and
a half — cause, an excess of patriotism, and
a disinclination to work. The Assembly
adjourned from Thursday night to Sr.tur
day morning, and having done that its
members proceeded to get leayes of ab
sence until Monday morning, which had
the effect of relieving them of the neces
sity for showing up and at the same time
saving for them, the much-prized per diem.
The Senate • celebrated Washington'B
birthday by the conslOeration of a special
fete of constitutional amendments, but
even that could not nold the members of
the upper ho.use longrer than noon. It is
a long time since a Legislature has had at
this time in the session so few important
bills that it cannot draw a quorum on a
Saturday.
In the Senate there are about 600 bills
and in the Assembly 820. but in the whole
i bunch there Is not business enough to
i keep the session running a week did the
j members not shy at work and take to
I killing time. A whole day was wasted in
playing at censure, with Wittman, Wren
and Coffey as the excuse. Were there so
much earnestness and eloauence devoted
to code revision at least one of the coda
bills would have been 5n tho hands of the
Governor before now, but if any oise
should suggest that a day be devoted to
the consideration of code revision, some
member with a bill to prevent smoke from
rising would declare that his measure
wa* being buried and the day would be
[ spent in wrangling Instead.
The censure of the three men from the
' city was about as spectacular a farce as
I has been put on in the legislative hall?.
The objects of censure were described as
cringing and crestfallen and apologetic.
They were nothing of the kind. They knew
from the start that the worst that could
bo done was the passage of a vote of
censure, and when has this Assembly
I shown that its censure was worth brush
! ing off. Members on the floor were asked
j to vote for a resolution of censure, and so
"Chinatown has ¦ never been no stirred
up as it Is now since Mr., Knowland and
his committee came down there to Inves
tigate. These bills introduced* by him
will aid greatly in ridding the State of
this blot upon Its fair name, and I ap
peal to tho Legislature to give us such
laws."
"My blood was stirred at that Investi
gation when the Mayor and tho Chief of
Police said they looked upon this form of
vice as a necessary evil. It was
a blasphemy on deceny. First these noble
men, guardians of the law, plead ignor
ance, and then when cornered they say
this vico is a necessary evil.
"The Chief of Police of San Francisco
said before the legislative committee that
the Chinese slave girls could come and
go as they please. He lied when he said
it. and he knew that he lied. His eyes
are so covered by the scales of heathen
dom that he can see no evil in China
town.
"A form of slavery more terrible and
grewsome than negro slavery Is present
In fair California. It exists within the
shadow of the Hall of Justice, while
men, Judges and to some extent the
Police Department of San Francisco have
been conniving at it.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb." 24.— A mass meeting In sup
port of the Knowland . Chinese slavery
bills was held at the Sixth-street M. E.
Church to-night. Rev. F. K. Baker, pas
tor of the First M. B. Church of San
Francisco, and- Miss Cameron and Miss
Lake -of the Chinese Missions made ad
dresses. Rev. Mr. Baker spoke In part
as follows:
Sacramento on Vice in San
Francisco.
Eisv. F. K Baker Discourses at
Th« apportionment of San Francisco,
Alameda and Los Ansreles has yet to be
finally settled, but that will be- done in the
delegations.
SAYS CHIEF STTLLIVAN'
KNOWINGLY T.TF.T)
done all the same, with the exception of
Butte, which was dropped Into the Sec
ond. .
KEONBERG, Feb. 24.— Alarmist rumors
are current concerning the state of the
Dowager Empress. Frederick. They are
to the effect that sho is In Immediate
danger and are exaggerated, but I have
good authority for saying that unless
tho very serious course her malady is
taking can be stemmed the end is a mere
matter of weeks, or at tho most of threo
months.
King Edward VII has not specially hur
ried his journey; rather the contrary. As
his Majesty does, not wish to travel on
Sunday he will arrive at Frankfort to
morrow morning about 6 o'clock, but he
will sleep in his car until 9 o'clock, when
he. will start for Cronberg.
Dr. Renvers has Issued tho following
bulletin:
"Since the acute change for the worse
in October. 1900 ; both the strength and
the general condition of the Empress
Frederick havo slowly Improved. - ¦ < r
"Her Majesty has been permanently
free from. fever and her nutrition has
been sufficient. Her sleep, however, has
been disturbed by attacks of pain. The
chronic suffering has made but slight
progress during the last few' months.
Tho Empress spends several ¦ hours each
day out of bea, and in favorable weather
spends a short time dally in the open
air."
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
. aid. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Dowager Empress Frederick
of Germany 13 Nearing
• . the End.
DEATH'S HAND
NEAR ROYALTY
The First Congressional District has
been laid aside as settled, but there mav
yet be a long protest from Selvage on the
floor of the Senate. Selvage from Hum
boldt and Davis far down on the other
side, from Amador. each thinks that in
no way can the district he represented In
Congress than by going there hlmsflf. To
that end Selvage wanted Mendoclno add^d
to the First District as It was originally
laid out. and thl« was done. Darts wanted
Butte, Alpine. Tuolumne, Stanislaus and.
Mono added, and this. too. was about to
be done, when Selvage called a halt and
refused to caucus on the Question. It' was
Special Dispatch to The Call.
little did they themselves consider it that
many of them did vote for It simply De
cause it was their Idea of belnc good fel
lows, ajid they knew it would do no harm.
It was not an hour after the' Assembly
adjourned Thursday night that Wittman
and Wren and Coffey were in the Capita!
Hotel bar touching glasses with members
of the investigating committee and As
semblymen, who on the floor of tho Houae
had taken up thplr megaphones- and de
manded that a three-olv censure should
be laid on the culprits. What the Assem
bly most needs is caps and bells and mot
ley garb for eighty. Then the farce
might be amusing. • Now it Is only ex
pensive. ' - :
It Is a Ts-onder the^, Legislature does not
take Flint's advice and give Alpin. Monn
and particularly Inyo to Nevada. No one
wants them", they are a source of conten-.
tion whenever they are mentioned as part
of a district of any kind and they have
not population enough to make their voice
worth listening to. Politically they are
problems. They cannot be reached ex
cept by going far down to the south or
by traveling through Nevada, for the
mountains guard them on the west with
a sentry line unbreakable. They hav<j
plenty of territory, but most of it is on
edge. They are not powerful, for all to
gether.they have not a townful of people,
and to crown all they have the poor taste
to be Democratic- Mono and Alpine have
finally found a resting place in tho pro
posed Eleventh Assembly District, with
Amador and Calaveras, and Inyo Is.beinsr
joined to Tulare to form the Twenty-sev
enth Assembly District: but it was no
fault of Tulare's that the deal was made,
and it was cosummated only when it was
agreed that San Bernardino should take
up the burden in a Senatorial way.
Hunan Head as Evidence.
RAVENXA. Ohio, Feb. 24.— Eleven years
epoa warrant was sworn out for the ar
rest of Frank Valentine on a charere of
forgerv. -Valentine committed suicide bv
shooting himself in t!ie head. When it
came to a matter of insurance the com
pany refused to pay and Mrs. Valentine
entered suit, claiming that the doctors
killed her husband by probing for the
bullet. In order to dtovr this the hend
was brought into court. Mrs. Valentine
won the suit and the head was put in al
cohol. The jar which contains It h*»s been
sitting in the Courthouse steeple all these
vears, and relatives are making arrange
ments now to have It buriod.
Session Is Nearing an End, Both Files Are Filled and
No Attention Is Being Paid Them.
BILLS ARE PILING UP WHILE
THE LEGISLATORS KILL TIME
El Liberal publishes" a disDatch from
Oporto, Portugal; saving that a crowd
stoned the office of Apatavra. a Catholic
journal of that city, because of a report
that the editor had: attemnted to carry
away th© daughter of the Brazilian Con
sul. The police were obliged to intervent*.
In consequence of the disturbance, the
dispatch says, the homes of tho religious
congregations in Oporto are now guards \
by police.
MADRID, Feb. 24. — General Azcarragu.
the Premier,, will present the resignation
of tho Cabinet to the Queen Regent to
morrow and will probably be charged with
the task of reconstructing the Ministry.
in Oporto and Houses of Resi
dents Guarded.
Office of a Catholic Newspaper Stoned
CABINET. OF SPAIN
: ¦ - WTLI* RESIG2T TO-DAY
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— A cigar lighter, a
seltzer bottle, a girl with a head, of blonda
hair and' a dru*s clerk made matters lively
in an Evanston drugstore 1 this afternoon.
Miss June "Whitfield, a co-ed. In the North
western University, went Into .Wickes*
store, on Davis street, and leaned a&alr.st
the cigar case. Behind her was a gas
flame cigar lighter. Miss Whitfield wears
a long coiffure, and this came In contact
with the flame. Soon most of .the luxu
riant locks were ruined. • • . • .. .
William Hamilton,- a drn^clerfe. Jumped
upon the counter in front of the soda
fountain and reached for the seltzer bot
tle. Running to the girl, he pressed the
lever and turned the stream on the flames,
which were soon extinguished.
but Doesn't Save a Co~Ed"s
Golden Locks.
Chicago Drag Clerk Is Thoughtful,
SHOWERS THE SELTZER
ON BLAZING TRESSES
Thomas was about 47 years of ajje and
an habitual drunkard. The body -was
placed In the Morgue.
The wounded man died at 9 o'clock to
night Hotchkiss was placed under ar
rest at his own request by Policemen
Pritchard and See and taken to th© City
Jail. At 10:30 o'clock ho was taken to
the County Jail at Los Angeles and he
will be brought back to Santa Monica to
morrow morning for arraignment.
While in the Jail here Hotchkiss said
to his brother that he shot Thomas to
protect his mother and believes he did
right In doing so.
The boy has a good reputation here. Ha
is employed as a driver on a sprtzUdlns
can.
Thomas was aa old aoldfer, and lived
at the Soldiers' Home, but frequently
visited Santa Monica. He often became
intoxicated, and on many occasions
threatened to kill Mrs. Thomas. To-day
he drank heavily, and In the evening vis
ited the home of his wife, who lived with
her two sons. Mrs. Thomas and her aon
Harry were at home together. She went
to the door and her husband began to
heap all manner of abuse upon her. The
boy became exasperated at the treatment
of his mother, and, without her knowl
edge, procured a revolver and shot
through the window at his stepfather
with fatal accuracy.
SANTA MONICA. Feb. 24.-Harry
Hotchkiss shot' and killed his stepfather.
Edward Thomas, on the threshold of his
mother's home, at the corner of Third
and Nevada streets, this evening at 7:30
o'clock. The shot was fired from a 44
callber Colt's revolver, and entered th»
victim's head just back of the left ear.
and after passing through the bn»Jn
emerged from the top of the head, Hotch
klas gave himself up to tha authorities
immediately after the shooting. --:•-"
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Bullet Fired Through a Window Cul»
Short the Career of Edward
Thomas at Santa v .-v
Monica. ¦ ,;/
Shoots 'to Save His Mother
From Drunken Man's
... Abuse.
LAD TAKES LIFE
OF STEPFATHER
He had an overcoat on his arm when
he lumped, but this he had thrown away,
and in answer to the calls of the men
on tho train he shouted that ha was
floating on his back and he begired them
to get a boat. He was whirled on past
the river steamer Modoc that Is lying
at the foot of K street, and her watch
man heard the man calliner for help as
the current bore him on. That was the
last seen or heard of him. Boats were
put out. but by the time tho first one was
afloat Bunper was far down the river.
Bunner was formerly employed in the
office of Hyde & Benson, Ran Fran
cisco, but for some time he has had an
office of his own on the corner of Leides
dorff and California streets. He is a
KTeat friend of Martin Kelly and is well
known .amonrr politicians, and he is alsr>
connected with mining interests through
property he owns in Tuolumne County.
He Is 44 years old and unmarried.
Bunner left his seat with his compan
ions, and. Calling the porter, he told him
to open the doors of the vestibule. The
porter warned him that the train was
on the bridge, but Bunner said he knew
the bridge well and he was going to get
out. Then the porter opened the .door.
Bunner went down the fteps of the car
and jumped off in the darkness, and then
th« threo who had followed him heard
the splash as he disappeared in the river.
Dovoto was about to jump. too. a3 the
splash came, and he was only saved by
Jack Crowley. who caught him by the
coat as he swung forward.
Tho- water is higher than it has been
in years. It is but a few feet from the
bridge to its surface, an«i it is rushing
along, until it bolls over the piers of the
bridge. Bunner was not hurt, but by
the time he came to the surface, he had
been carried below the bridge and his
friends could see him trying to swim.
Bunner was In the Pullman car Adana
with a party consisting of T. D. Rlordan,
Jack Crowley and James A. Devoto
They waited twenty or twenty-five min
utes for tne train to move, and then
Bunner said there was a footway along
the track and he was going 1 to get out
and reach the Sacramento side by that
means. There 13 really no footway on
the lower bridge. Above the track runs
the wagon way and beside that is the
footwa!k, but down where the track Is
there Is nothing but the rall3 and the
open ties.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2l.-Whlle the 10
o'clock train from the city was stalled on
the bridge to-night John C. Eunner, a
San Francisco man and one well known
in business and political circles, stepped
from the car. platform and dropped into
the river. He was caught in the fierce
current and was carried along, calling for
help and answering the shouts of his
friends still on the train. The moon was
shining on the river and he could be
seen struggling in the muddy waters un
til finally he dntted out of sight and his
voice was heard no more*. There is but
little hope that he has escaped death.
The 6 o'clock overland from San Fran
cisco carried a number of legislators and
politicians returning to the capital, and
with them was Bunner. The train reached
the bridge on time, but after the engine
had crossed it was derailed by a loose
1 iog just off the bridge on the Sacra
mento side and the train came to a
standstill with all tne cars still on the
bridge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Friends on a Train Hear His De
spairing Cries for Help as He
Is Carri-;d Down by
Fierce Current.
Palls From a Bridge Into
the River Near Sac
ramento.
JOHN C. BUNNER
PROBABLY DEAD
i.-..-- tv-- •- 'rum VoKuframu. on the loih
c: iist . .November. i\lzi lw oays ato. und '
WrfC In the siurnis wnich followed eacn <
other sov : cio.seiy that it seemed aimoet a.:
comlr.uo-us uurricaiie. ucul the l!*th of
wecemlwr. vv liiie sr.e has uagergrone a i
fearful experience at the hanCs' of tha
•e&s the crew has remained well through ;
it all, and, while the men complain thai
tha ofheers were l-egujrent, the capiiun :
*.tseris that they a^c simply trying to
ffiake trouble for him an<I mat he is *x- ;
ceed:r.g:y lucky to have brought his vessel I
6afely thus far,
U iih his logbook before him this after- i
noon Captain W'limsen told some of the !
story of his fearful experience at sea.
"We had gone to Japan with a cargo of ;
petroleum trom New York. ar.d. having
completed cur discharge and taken ballast !
lor a tru> to Portland to load wheat, we
—fled down the harbor of Yokohama on. i
the 15th of lasi ¦ November. The weather;
had betn squally, but we were hardly pre- j
pared for what struck us three cays lattr. |
when we ran into the wildest storm of a ;
hurricane. We had plenty of wind before
then, and were running under shortened !
tail, with the lower topsails cJued up '
close. Nevertheless the wind took out :
seme of our canvass ana the compass j
lamp was put out. The steersman was '
ordered to hold to the course, but he let. i
the ship fall off until the sails backed and j
tore out, one after ar.othtr. The storm j
was followed by the most terrible sea I i
have ever experienced and the ship ia- i
bored fearfully.
"On the ISta the storm abated and we j
ber.t our sails anj rnado some progress, j
but on the morning of the 27th, in latitude ;
42 north, and US east, another storm i
struck the vessel with hurricane roree.
carry-Ing aw«y the- main and rairzen tops
and the foresails. The royal backstays j
ar.d the fort-topmast backstay broke, j
• thosgh the sticks held and were refast- ]
.en*d as best they C9.uld be. The follow- |
. ins -c-eek *vas better, but it did not last. I
In. <;• north, 174 wef>t, on the 5th of De- !
cembei "we were struck by a very heavy i
gale, f rom . the east-southeast, with the)
ship leaking, exceedingly heavy weather, j
roliing and ; laboring fearfully. At 3
O'clock the wind changed to the west- I
¦otttawest*. ar.d we jay quiet for a time, I
tut at 7 o'clock there was another change
to the pouth-southeast and we got the
worst there was in the box. Tne seas
increased, the wind Hew stronger than I
ever end the ship rolled more heavily.
At 3° o'clock the main upper topsail went '
and the ship hauled over until the water !
was up over the sidvs and as far on the
deck as the. sides of the hatches, while*
the lewrr boats in the forecastle were
filled. The fore and the maingalla-nt
masts broke and the maintopsail yards !
went by the board. The foremast brok.? '•
half way ~up and the maintopmast broke
ehort at ihe top.
"The foretopmast came down and hung ¦
by the yards, pounding against the eldes •.
of the ship arsd on the deck. It was !
hours before we could get rid of it. and it (
is a great wonder that some of the men I
were not carried owi board. .The main- I
tojroact OUi net come down, but broke I
er.d hunjr; end it was fearful work trving
to get it cleared from th- ship. The 'gal- !
lam yajrd came down into the port boats, ;
Brnimrrtng and carrying them overboard. '
Thi main .parts went over the side with- !
out stoppir.E and the mizzen yards came j
down on top of the cabin and came near !
beating it to kindling vood. The mizzen, i
yard hung Jn it* socket and could neither
be stayed up nor cast overboard. When
its stays rroke they lifted another qf the
lioats overboard, and the last boat went
two days later, wl>en the mizzenmasf
br<~.ke.
"The fury of the storm lasted several
days and It wa? hardly finished before
another almost as. bad came up. We
were in this • sort of weather for two
v.-eek?. Were in 42 north and 1L3 we?t
when the storm cleared. We knew. that
it woutd be almost impossible to reach
Portland with the small amount of sail
we could spread and we kept well to the
pr-uth, hoping to make San Francisco.
About Christmas time we were met by
fevere winds from the east, which drove
us back, and with our light sails we made
little or no progress for elg-hteen days.
We still hoped to make San Francisco
and tried to keep a course about 150 mile.*
rorth of her latitude, but we got north
r-rn win<*s and then northeasterly, which
drove us to the south. We were still
trying to make San Francisco when we
Fpoke the schooner Fred Sanders on
January 21. but when we were spoken,
on the 9th of this month; we were con
sMerably south of the line and the cap
tnln of the schooner advised that we
•-kape b course for San Francisco. We
were within twenty-five or thirty miles
of th* hea*5s when we were spoken by
th*» .National City and would have been
able to reach port under our own short
pail, but the fog was heavy on the »ea
and we were rot sure as to our position.
as our chart of this coast was not the
latest."
Tt is unuorstoofl that Captain Dettmera
rf the National City made an agreement
with Caotain Wilmsen to bring the 6hlp
in. and the amount agreed upon is vari
ously reported as from J750 to J10<X>. The
hull of the chip Is sound as a dollar and
phe rrtll have to remain here only as long
as Jt takes to attend to the necessary
fonnalltles regarding the movement of
th6 vessel.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 24. -Through fearful
storms, which carried the biggest part of
her masts and jards over the side and
through long- weeks of sailing under the
ibonest kind of sail, the German ship
Otto Giluemelsier, |ftQ tons, one hundred
d&ys out frorn Yokohama, bound for Port
land. Or., has been brought safely to port
Ly Captain W'UmEcn, an4 here she wii;
remain until he has orders of her owners
and a board cf survey, deciding that he
cajinot rhakc needed re;-«irs here, will per
mit to (aKt; a low to tea.n b raiicisco.
6pecl«J Dispatch to The Call.
fitenns Follow One Another So Close
ly That' She Is Apparently in
a Continuous Hurricane
. '-.:• From Yokohama.
Otto Gildemeister Is Now
Safe in San Diego
Harbor.
OVERDUE SHIP
REACHES PORT
Mrs. Dryfoos was 42 years old. Her
maiden name was Lazarus. Her father,
J. Lazarus, was one of the most promi
nent and wealthiest pioneers of Svracuse,
X. Y. Her stepfather was the ftev. Dr.
B. E. Jacobs, officiating rabbi at San
Antonio. Tex. She was married twenty
eight years ago.
"I do not know any more than you,"
said Mr. Dryfocs last evening, "why my
wife should have killed herself. We had
a nice home and were very happy." Cor
oner Koye decided that an inquest was
This statement struck deep to Mr. Drv
foos' heart because he was devoted to
his wife and their home had been a very
happy one. The husband and dying wife
were heart to heart when she lapsed into
unconsciousness, from which she passed
to death.
The second one had passed entirely
through Mrs. Dryfoos' body, inflicting a
mortal wound.
The physicians revived the wounded
woman, and Dr. Carroll said:
"Why did you shoot yourself?" /
"My husband docs not love me," she
replied.
In the wall of the room opposite one
mirror was one bullet and in the wall
opposite another mirror was another bul
let.
Hurriedly calling physicians. Mr. Dry
foos took a carriage and was driven
home. Mrs. Dryfoos was found lying on
the floor in a semi-conscious condition,
and bleeding from a large wound just be
low the heart. Her husband's large 45
caliber Elx-shooter lay near her with two
cartridges exploded.
Mrs. Dryfoos Immediately went to her
room, after telling- her husband not to
come "home. Soon two loud reports were
heard, one following the other with a
short Interval intervening. The servants
were greatly alarmed, and immediately
called up Mr. Dryfoos by telephone.
"Come home as quick as you can." was
the message. "Something terrible has
happened. There has been a loud explo
sion in Mrs. Dryfoos' room and I fear
she has shot herself."
Mrs. Dryfoos laid her hand on his j
shoulder, and calling him by his first I
name, said, "No. no: you have always ,
b*»en a g-ood and kind friend, but go." \
As Dr. Bories went out of the door he |
was impressed with the idea that Mrs.;
Dryfoos was not in her right mind. At !
3:45 o'clock Mrs. Dryfoos culled up her }
husband by telephone. "You need not :
come home to dinner. I will not be here," I
she said.
"Have I done anything to offend you |
that you should speak like that?" said the i
doctor. I
Mr. Dryfoos spoke comforting words I
and went to the store. This was a little i
after 3 o'ciock. Mrs. Dryfoos telephoned
to rome cf her friends, saying that she j
was going: on a lens Journey, and that she
would like to see them. Some she simply j
asked to call. Among the latter number ;
was Dr. Emil Bories, the family physi- <
clan. When Dr. Borles arrived at tha
house Mrs. Dryfocs said she was going I
away and wanted to say good by. Dr. i
Bcrlff supposed that Mrs. Dryfoos was [
ill when phe telephoned, end remarked
that he thought he would be going.
"Well, there is the door," 6aJd Mrs. Dry
foos.
"You invariably are busy when I want
you to go out with me," replied Mrs. Dry-
IOOE.
"I would bo gladly," replied Mr. Dry- j
fos8, "if possible, but I have several mat
ters to look after at the store, and have
made an appointment with a man on a
transaction that must be attended to."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— Surrounded with i
every luxury money could purchase, but J
temporarily Insane on the -Idea that her '
husband did not Jove her. Mrs. Ix>utse ;
Dryfoos. wife of Merchant Lewis Dryfocs, !
committed suicide this afternoon. Stand- j
ing in front of a mirror, she sent a 43^
calibre bullet through her body just below !
the he.irt. She died after suffering tei- i
rlble agonv for three hours.
After dinner to-dny Mrs. Dryfocs paid
she depirfd to make some calls, and would J
like to have Mr. Dryfoos accompany her.
Wealthy Mrs. Louise Dry
foos Commits Suicide
i J. X 1
Insane Belief That Her Husband's
Love for Eer Eas Gro-wm Cold
Leads to the Sad
SOCIETY LEADER
ENDS HER LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1901"
3
LEGISLATORS DURING A QUIET DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
Concerning our $10
made=to=order suits
a customer writes:
D o. Cal.
S. N. WOOD & CO.— Dear Sirs:
Suit arrived this mornine O K. Could not fit better' for an every- ;.
day suit. Am much pleased with same. • • ;
Yours truly. E. P. H h.
The suit was made to order for Mr. H.
through our self-measuring system,' which en-
ables men* to dress well no matter how far they
live from San Francisco. We sent him the sam-
ples. He picked out a suitable cloth, took his o\%
measurements and you observe the satisfactory
results. If you live out of San Francisco write
u? _you are sure of satisfaction.
If you c.an call come in. and look over our line
of £io rnace-tc-crder suits; we will supply you j
freely with sample-. «.
7i8 Market Street.W. H. Perry, a Los Angeles lumberman,
is at the Lick.
L. Grothwell, a real estate dealer of
Stockton, Is staxlng at the California.
Mr. ana Mrs. Bruce Bonny, who have #
just returned from a pleasure trip to Hon
olulu, are at the California,
W. J. Halloran and daughter, of Salt
Lake City, arrived from Honolulu yester
day, and registered at the Lick.
Samuel Tyack, a mining engineer who
has been in 'Mazatlan inspecting mining
properties, returned yesterday and took
quarters at the Lick.
Mrs. Charles Dowdall. whose husband
met his death on the Ill-fated City of Klo,
came up from Santa Barbara yesterday,
and is at the California.
Henry Newell, a mlnlns man of Salt
Lake City, who has been In Honolulu for
his health. ! arrived on the Alameda yes
terday, with his wife and son, and en
gaged apartments at the Lick.
Mrs. T. R. Harker arrived from Madi
son Barracks, New York, yesterday, and
registered at the California. Mrs. Harker
is on her way to -Manila to Join her hus
band, who Is a- lieutenant In the army.
E. Dickinson, general manager iof the
Union Pacific, with headquarters at
Omaha. 13 at the Palace with his wife.
Mr. Dickinson eays he Is here solely for
pleasure, and his. visit 'has. no special sig
nificance in railroad affairs.
It Is an easy matter to live In affluenc»
if you have monay enough to enable you
to do It.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen**). 510 Mont
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. . •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at To-wnsend s.»
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace HoteL*
Tlis New "World "Way.
The new world way must bo bewilder
ing to the little potentates who have been
under the impression that they alon»
were capable of glRajitlc moves, v
The other night two American business
men lit a Joint cigar and talked a "white.
• The result was a business combination
which misrnt well have staggered any
government. Tho consolidation of the
Union Pacific and the Southern Pacific
railways by the purchase of 1,200,000
shares of the latter's stock, for which
$70,000,000 was paid, became a fact. Th«
properties . thus brought together were:
Capital Mile
stock are.
Xrw York Central JIOO.OOO.OOO 1.919
Lake Shore SO.OOO.OOQ 1.368
Northwestern (3.784.319 8.(23
VTnlon Pacific 1M.00O.0OO *.O31
Southern Pacific UO.0O0.C0O 8.2CO
Southern Pacific steamer Jlnes 3.S75
Pacific Mall Steamship Co 20.0CO.0CO 4.313
Totals J319.7S4.3W 33.931
If Kaiser or Czar can beat this they ars
at liberty to try.
SENATOR HOAR'S SERMON.
SENATOR HOAR'S address before the General
.Court of Massachusetts on Lincoln's birthday
appears to have been a sermon 011 the depravi
ties of the time, closing with an expression of san
guine faith in the final redemption of the country
from all the evils that threaten it. He referred not to
political evils only, but to those in th'e business world
and in social life, and presented a picture so somber
that had he not given utterance to a wholesome op
timism in the end he would have been in danger of
being denounced as a calamity howler.
The vigor of the address may bc estimated from
some of the salient passages. Speaking of corruption
in politics he said: "The whipping-post, the brand
ing on the forehead, the cropping of the ears, the
scourging at the cart's tail, are light punishments for
the rich man who would, debauch a State v whether
it be an old State with an honorable history ' or a
young and pure* State in the beginning of its his
tory." Referring to crimes against society and the
infrequency of punishment, he said: "To-day crimes
against human life and against female chastity are
committed with impunity by men of the purest Puri
tan blood, in rural communities, and they go unde
tected and unpunished." • ". - •
Passing to a consideration of the growth of dis
honesty and of excessive speculation in the business
world; he went on to say: "The spirit of gambling
which prevails everywhere, not only among the prac
ticed gamblers on the stock exchange, but through
brokers is carried on by widows with their little for
tunes, tempts the trustee and the treasurer and the
bank officer with his humble salary, so that embez
zlement, in many cases followed by no disgrace or
public censure, is growing and increasing fearfully
throughout Massachusetts."
In addition to these crimes of a private nature
the Senator found much to condemn in the action of
the nation toward the negro and the Filipino. Talking
of the various problems of race that confront us he
said: " I believe the solution of this difficulty is to b c
found in the golden rule and in the great Declaration
which is but the application of the golden rule to the
conduct of. states. If the white man will take
these for his guides when he deals with the negro and
the Indian, if America will take these for her rule cf
action in dealing with weak foreign nations, the diffi
culties that beset us will disappear. . If We do not, as
sure as Qod livcth, however the weaker races may suf
fer, the penalty will fall upon 113."
After so much of warning the Senator added: ; "I
have an abiding conviction that all these clouds which
hover over us will disappear." Such faith is gratify
ing, but it will be of no avail unless the people take
to heart the Wesson of the growing evils and strive
to put an end to them. No man in the nation is bet
ter fitted to .speak on such subjects than Senator
STATE DIVISION QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS affecting the division of States
rarely become practical issues in American
politics. In the early days of the republic an
issue of the kind was brought up by the struggle of the
people of Maine to separate from Massachusetts, arid
during the war Virginia was divided and the State of
West Virginia created. Since then there have been no
changes. It was long thought that the people of
Texas would seek, to obtain more power in the Senate
by dividing their immense territory into several com
monwealths, but a State patriotism has held them
together. In California there -has been much talk
from time to time of State division, but nothing has
ever come of it. Here, as in Texas, there is a local
pride in the magnitude of the State, and few except
politicians would be willing to destroy the unity of
California for the sake of getting two additional mem
bers of the United States Senate.
From unexpected sources there have come two
movements for the divisions of States which have
gone far enough to amount to something like issues
of practical politics,, and it is not improbable they
may come before Congress in the near future. One of
these is the transfer of a large portion of West Florida
to Alabama. The people, not only of the section in
question but of both States, appear to be favorable" to
the plan. State conferences have been held, and it i3
likely an agreement for the separation will soon be
reached and submitted to Congress for ratification.
The other movement under consideration is that of
dividing Kentucky so as to give the people of the
mountains a State government of their own. The
inhabitants of the two sections of the State have never
lived in harmony. When the rich blue-grass section
followed Henry Clay and the Whig party the moun
taineers were Democrats, but when the blue-grass
country became Democratic the mountains became
Republican. The intense partisan differences betwes.i
the two sections disturb -the State government and
materially interfere with the administration, of justice.
So the project for division finds a good deal of sup
port. .
It is recalled that at the time Kentucky was admit
ted to the Union it was expected a separation of the
State would eventually take place. In fact, there was
an agitation for it at the time the Territory was ad
mitted to statehood, ?nd it was then suggested that
the mountain district' be known as Transylvania.
Something of the difference of development
has occurred between the people of Eastern and West
ern North Carolina, of. Eastern and Western Tennes
see, and before the war there was 'an '.almost, equal
division between the mountaineers 'of North Georgia
anditheslaveholders.Jn the central and southern por
tions of;the State. Those old differences appear to
have been healed everywhere except in Kentucky. The
Florida case is almost certain to be soon brought be
fore the country, and when it arises the force of ex
ample may encourage the Kentucky agitators to make
a move for separation there.
MARKED EXPANSION IN BUSINESS.
THE weekly commercial reports last week showed
a continued healthy condition of trade. While
severe weather retarded the movement of mer
chandise in some sections of the North and West, the
country as a -.vhole reported greater activity than dur
ing the corresponding week in 1000. This is corrob
orated by the bank cicarings, which increased 60 per
cent, even- city of importance exhibiting a gain, some
of them noteworthy. The gain at New York was 72.fi
per cent, at Boston 31.2, at Chicago 28.1, at Philadel
phia 63.3, at St. Louis .63.1, at Pittsburg 81, at San
F rancisco 62, and so on down a long list of twenty of
the largest cities in the United States. No better
record than this could be desired. The country's
tiilures were 219, against 168 for the same week last
year.
This large increase in business is not due to any
particular booni, ' but seems, to be well distributed
among the different staples. The- continued cold
weather east of the Rockies has been of great benefit
to jobbers and retailers carding large stocks, and
they have been enabled to reduce them materially.
Then the dry goods trade is reported in much better
condition, and boots and shoes are selling well all
over the country, The particularly good demand for
lumber and other building material leads to the ex
pectation that building operations during the. cominjr
spring viill be extensive. The iron and steel industry
is trill very sctiye. as tho.wa by the large clearings at
Pittsburg, and further advances are reported in some
descriptions. In many respects this trade is better
off than at any' time since the depression of a year
ago. The export trade, however, is slack, and foreign
iron and steel are reported easing off in price. Coffee
end tea are selling better. Wool is in a peculiar con
dition, for while the volume of sales is steadily increas
ing prices are '.veakening, and the demand for woolen
jroods is not what it ought to be. The sales seem to
be for [speculative account, based on the feeling that
prices have nearly reached bottom, though this U
merely trade opinion arid may or may not prove cor
rect. " Neither is the cotton industry in any better
shape. In spite of the recent reduction in prints there
is no activity, and many mills are restricting opera
tions, while a number announce that they will close
down on the 1st of March. The' Northwestern rail
road?, on the contrary, report a very heavy movement
of general merchandise and farming implements over
their lines.
Wall street has lagged somewhat during the past
few days, principally owing to the uncertainty regard
ing the final details of the mammoth steel combina
tion, and the tendency has been to short the market.
There has been a marked withdrawal of the public
from purchasing, and once more, the professionals
have the market pretty much to themselves. A good
feature of the situation, however, is the reduction of
the discount rate of the Bank of England" from 414
per cent to 4 per cent, showing an easier money mar
ket in London. Thus, taking the country as a whole,
if speculation in Wall street and the unsatisfactory
condition of the cotton and woolen trades be excepted,
it -viill : be seen 'that .American business is looking
exceptionally w-dl .at present]
On tins cofest there is Httfe new to report. General
trade in California is aJ good as at any time during the
past year* and there are no large failures or tight
money markets to worry over. Funds continue plen
tiful arixi remarkably accessible, and some of the
jntcri.orbanks. are acttially overflush with coin. Con
iinijeti 'rairts sze- enhancing an already bright outlook
forcfops; and the situation, as far as California is
"concerned, could hardly be improved upon.
recognized as an authority on that and
kindred subjects. . ,
From 1S71 to 1S74 tie planned and con
structed the famous Sny Carte levee In
the Illinois bottoma above St. Louis. The
remarkable influence of this work upon
the channel of the river attracted the at
tention of many famous engineers. Among
these was James li. Eads, and from the
time of his meeting with Mr. Corthell an
ardent friendship begun, which terminat
ed only with the former's death. Mr.
Cort hell's next great work was the con
struction of the Chicago and Alton bridge
across the Mississippi at Louisiana. Mo.
Here again he -achieved celebrity, for the
span of his bridce. 444 feet, was then the
largest In the world and the structure as
a" whole was recognized as marking an
advance in railway bridge building. Lace
in 1S74. in company with Mr. Eads. he vis
ited the delta of the Mississippi for the
purpose of preparing a report outllnln?
for the national Government the advisa
bility and feasibility of constructing Jet
ties. The Volume which Mr. CorthcH
wrote on this subject Is recognized the
world overas a standard authority. "When
the contract in the South Pass was award
ed to Mr. Eads he placed Mr. Corthell in
charge of the engineering and construc
tion work. It was the success of this fa
mous undertaking which produced a cnan
nel of thirty feet deDtn at the month of
the Mississippi and made New Orleans a
great s«anort.
Then with his frlen'd Eads he began the
famous surveys of the mouth of the Coat
zacoalcos river and of the Pacific Coast
harbors, which 'offered feasible termlr.l
for the proposed interoceanlc ship rail
way across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec
Interested in Many Great Work3.
For some years Mr. Corthell was main
ly Interested !n building great railroad
bridges In the United States, chief of
which are the mighty structure across
the Ohio River at Cairo and the Mer
chants' bridge across the. Mississippi Riv
er at- St. Loui*. The former, which is the
property of the Illinois Central Railroad.
!.•» not only the longest sloel bridge In the
world, but Is regarded ns? the most per
fect example of railroad l.rldge builc'lng.
In 1SS9 he conducted the examination?
and surveys of the moulh and harbor of
the Parmco Utver at Tamplco. Mexico,
and his reports to tho Mexican Govern
ment were so lucid and practical that he
was commissioned to Improve the harbor
¦with two parnl'el Jetties. His plans for
this vast undertaking wrre forrnulaled
only after ha bad vls!t<"l and surveyed
twenty-Six European harbors in search of
suRpestior.s. Thf» complete triumph of hla
¦work was evident six months after its
installation at Tampico. when the chan
nel tor ships entering the -harbor had
deepened from eipht to twenty-six feet
over the tea bur. In 13?0 he examined the
water route between Quebec ai.'l the
American lake title-. In 1F91 he spent six
months in the leading universities and
technical schools of Europe studying their
methods with u view to establishing a
school of c ngin.e^rlnjr In the University or
Chicago. In 1S32. while in charge of the
National Railroad cf Tehuantepec. Mex
ico, he returned to Chlcajro to found the
engineering congress, which proved one
of the successful features of the "World's
Columbian Exposition and laid the basis
of an International society of engineers
and architects. He sp«nt 1S97 and 1S9S in
Europe studying harbor works, railroad
terminals, port facilities, mountain rail
roads, ship cancls and plans for the pro
tection of san'ly coasts. He was a dele
gate of the United States Government to
the seventh International congress at nav
igation at Brussels In July, 1S9S.
Besides the great works already men
tioned in this sketch Mr. Corthell planned
and constructed the system of Jetties at
the month of the Brazos River, on the
Texas coast; formulated plans for open
ing a continuous waterway from St. Au
gustine. Fla.. to Biscayne Bay: perfected
specifications and designs for a belt rail
road a union Ptatlon and a bridge across
the Mipsisf Ippl River at New Orleans, and
contributed suggestions or supplementary
plans to nearly every notable engineering
project begun within the last flfteen year3
in the United States. He is now consult
ing engineer of the Argentine republic,
and for several months has been actively
engaged In vast works at Buenos
Ayres. He Is the president of the Inter
national Navigation Congress, consulting
engineer of th? Buffalo Union Station
Railway Company, chief engineer of the
Boston. Cape Cod and New York Canal
Company, consulting engineer of the Illi
nois Central Railroad Company, member
of the American Society of Civil En
gineers and the Canadian Society of Civil
Engineers, fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Selene*
and honorary member of many learned
organizations of Great Britain. Germany,
France. Mexico, Canada and South Amer
ica. In 1SS4 he was made doctor of science
by Brown University.
JOHN H. RAFTERT.
Elmer Lawrence Corthell.
MONDAY. ¦ FEBRUARY 25, 190: •
-JOHN" D. SFRECKELS Proprietor.
Hint* All. CdElBCEietUoM to W. 8. LEAKE. Hinsger.
«J W\<:i-II\> OFFICE Telephone J*5 e »? "Pi
ITULICATJOA OFFICE Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone I*rena 1!O1.
TDITORIAL HOOMS 217 <o 221 SteTen«on St.
••..... Telephone Pre*»i 202.
Delivered 1»t Carrier*. 15 C»nt« Per Week.
Mnffle- Coplen. ft Ce>nt».
Term* by Mall. Inelndlnc Toatasrei
DATX.T OIL nnrlufllr.B Fundar). one rear *••"
DAII-T CALL <lnc2u«'«n(r Sunday). « months *-W>
r>AILY CAT.T. <lnrlu<3!n( Sunday). 3 monihs *•&¦»
HaILT CALL— Py Elngl* Month ••••• *^
B£KDAY CALL. On« \>cr 1 - rf0
WTFKJ.Y CALL. One Tear 1 - M
All iiottmaiiltra «re anthortied to receive
*abNcrtptlonfl.
Etttr.ple epp!M *1U be forwarded when rajuetted.
• • Mall «rbwr!t«r» In crCering chanr* of aflflr*** should t«
particular to'clv* both JCKW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
¦ -tij. 1r.rur« a prompt and correct compllacc* with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Brondwar
.. • C GEORGE KROGXESS.
rtrtfir foreign Afinrtlsicg. KaqattU BttUilng. Chiwjj, •
(Lon* Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
SFEW YORK CORHESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.Y Herald Sanare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPDEX D. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlnc
NEW YORII NEWS STANDS:
We'.ajrf-Aetcria. Hctel; A. Brentano, n Union Square:
Mormv HH1 Hotel. _^_^_^________
OUT of the hubbub of the Chinese imbroglio
there comes an: unexpected sound. Rising
high and loud over the wailirlgs of the, Chinese
amid their ruined home3 and looted palaces and
stores there is suddenly heard the roar of a lion's
voice. Sir Robert Hart, Chief of the Chinese Im
perial Customs, but none the less a British subject,
has risen in wrath to declare that the allies have looted
his property, and to demand immediate and ample
redress. " '. •""•
It appears from the statement of Sir Robert that
when the powers. began to" -seize property for the pur
pose of increasing the size'of the legation grounds in
Peking they were not at all careful of whose town lots
they took. The officers in charge of the duty of pre
paring rooms for the mansions, offices and gardens
of the various legations considered that they had a
right .to seize whatever they wished and, with a dis
criminating eye, they took the best — and they took a
whole lot of it. In doing so, Sir Robert says, they
took some property belonging to him.
If the statement of the irate Chief of the Imperial
Customs be true the affair will be regretted, by the
powers as an extremely unfortunate incident. It is
conceded ..that while it is right to loot a Chinaman it
is not right to loot a Christian. Moreover, Sir Robert
is not the kind of man who sits down and waits for
somebody to come along and loot him with impunity.
He is a kicker and a fighter. His demand for redress
is going to continue roaring through the camps an.-l
the courts of the allies until he gets justice.
When, however, the allies undertake to grant him
the redress he asks it will be necessary to set up some
sort of tribt'nal to assess damages. When the tribunal
begins its hearings what is to prevent a Chinaman or
two from appearing before it with a claim for dam
ages done by looters?- If redress is to be granted to
one, why not to another?
The new development in the Chinese situation made
public by Sir Robert's deman'd, while unexpected, is
not unnatural. When men in large masses once begin
to loot they soon lose good judgment. In the hurry to
seize spoil it is not always remembered that the looter
before looting should carefully inquire who owns the
property. Consequently it was inevitable that, in the
general frolic of grabbing, a good many Christian
residents and merchants in China should suffer a little.
When the grand pacification has been duly performed
and all is over there will doubtless appear at the
Chinese legations of all the great powers a stream
of good but sorry Christians, alleging that their prop
erty was made a part of the spoils of war along with
that of the heathen, and asking for damages.
To all good Christians who have been despoiled by
the allies the mishap that occurred in the looting of
Sir Robert Hart will appear as something like a
special providence. Men of little rank, wealth or influ
ence; if left to themselves, could hardly have gained a
hearing. ' Their chances of obtaining redress would
therefore have been small. Their prospects of redress
have therefore been greatly brightened by the unfortu
nate slip of the powers in looting Sir Robert. That
victim of a mistake is sufficiently powerful to compel
a hearing. For many a year past the British people
have been proud to the extent of a national vanity
over the fact that their Government protects its citi
zens in all parts of the globe. In the face of that
pride the British Ministry will be forced to make a
show at least of demanding redress for the wrong
done to this eminent representative of its citizens
in China, and out of the proceedings that will follow
there may come something of justice not only for him
but for many other sufferers. Consequently, as this
is a contrary world, the looting of the wrong man
may prove the means of righting a good -many
wrongs.
LOOTED THE WRONG MAN.
REPORTS from Washington announce that a
majority of the Senate Committee on Relations
with Cuba have agreed upon a policy of dealing
with the island which it is believed will prove satis
factory to the Senate and the administration. : The
outline of the plan given in the dispatches include?
these propositions:
That the United States ehall have supervision of all
treaties with foreign tountries made by the republic of
Cuba.
That Cuba shall not undertake to pay the debt In
curred by Spain In her war with Cuba prior t#or after
the intervention of the United States.
That Cuba shall agree either to lease or sell to the
United States such coaling and naval stations as In the
opinion of the President of the United States may be
necessary to the protection of the Interests of this
country.
That the United States shall have sufficient super
vision of the laws of Cuba relating to sanitation to pro
tect this country from epidemics liable to originate
there.
It will be perceived that while propositions of that
kind spell "protectorate"' they mean "sovereignty."
A country that cannot make a treaty without the con
sent of another power, that cannot determine for itself
what debts -it shall pay or leave unpaid, that is com
pelled to lease to another power whatever points of
its territory that other power may desire for naval or
coaling stations, and that has not control over its' own
domestic sanitation laws, is not a free country. The
constitution of Cuba may proclaim it an independent
nation, but if the United States asserts those powers
over it no nation in the world will recognize its inde
pendence.
Cuba is so close to our shores and holds such an
important strategic position in relation to the North
Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean
Sea that the United States must necessarily take a
keen interest in the island- and in all that affects the>
political condition of its people. It was upon those
grounds we justly interfered to put an end to Spanish
misrule in the island, and upon the same grounds we
must always be ready to prevent any foreign aggres
sion upon the island or any such anarchy as has be
fallen the people of Santo Domingo.
When all those things have been conceded there
remain grave objections to the plan of settlement
proposed by the Senate committee. Ample experi
ence has proven that "protectorates" are fruitful
sources of wars. The United States, in combination
with Great Britain and Germany, tried that form of
supervising the affairs of Samoa, and the complica
tions that arose even in a group of islands so far of!
and so comparatively unimportant came near to caus
ing war between the allies. In the end they resulted
in a partition of the islands between. the United States
and Germany, and that partition was in violation of
the most solemn treaties made by the three powers
with the Samoans.
Great- Britain tried the experiment of a protectorate
over the Transvaal on lines very much like those pro
posed for us to exercise over Cuba. In both cases the
protecting power claimed the right of supervising
and, if deemed best, forbidding any treaty between ths
protected country and a foreign nation. The result is
war. Great Britain, made another experiment in the
way of a protectorate in Egypt. The result there was
war, the occupation of the whole Egyptian territory
by British troops, the invasion of the Soudan, and
now the whole Nile region is virtually a portion of
the British empire.
History does not. always repeat itself. The failures
of the protectorates in Samoa, South Africa and
Egypt do not necessarily imply a failure of any pro
tectorate we may establish over Cuba, but they are
full of warning.
The defect that is inherent in the very nature of a
protectorate is that it places absolute sovereignty no
where and thus leads to confusion. On points where
the Cubans desire complete independence our super
vision will fret them. On points where we desire*
control their independence will fret us. In the end
there are sure to be misconceptions, friction and
strife. Of course, by following always the dictates of
justice and applying its principles with political saga
city and. high statesmanship we may carry a protec
torate over Cuba without bad results; but if we do we
will have achieved something never before achieved
either by ourselves or any other nation on. the globe
since the dawn of history.
THE UNITED STATES AND CUBA.
Hoar. He has come down to us from' the
times of the Givil War,- when politics was a matter of
moral conviction. He represents more nearly, pei
haps, than any other living statesman the spirit of
Lincoln, and consequently while we may rejoice in the
optimism of hi3 closing words we should not over
look the solemnity of the warning itself.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
During the year 1000 France added. or.Jy.
twelve vessels to her effective .n;vvy,
namely, the battleship St. Louis; .-. th*
cruisers -Gulchen. D'Estrees and Infernejf,:
four gunboats and four sea-going -.tBrr^
pedo-boat3. ; >• ¦ • • . • ¦ : ' V
The British battleship Hannibal. *hit#;
alongside the quaywall at Portsmouth
dockyard on January 1+ last, took in;9.«
tons of coal in a little over eight houra:
The means employed were four Tempers
leys, one crane and one derrick in [",*
barge. y''",^m .- . :V;^"
The ordnance works of Krupp at. fincj).
were established in 1SJ7, and their output
up to the end of last year were 3S;its
pieces of artillery of calibers varying
from MS inches up to 17.5 Inches and em
bracing guns for ships, coast defense, and.
land artillery. a . , :':-"f'~:
One of the first naval orders Issued; 'by
command of King Edward VII was ¦ i<y.
make a change In the uniforms of fta?
officers The alterations are conflcrfl r.
the gold embroidery on collars and <>&*,
and five years will be allowed before Urn
alterations become compulsory. ¦"•— : :
• • • • . ."¦¦:. ,v
Secretary Long has named the two bay
tleshlps and two armored cruisers vott-4
for in the House of Representatives C?n
nectlcut. Louisiana. Tennessee and Dela
ware As the Senate, however, has atr.ti.is
out the entire lot there la some ur.crtv
tainty as to the materialization of th«
prematurely christened vessels.
" • • • * • *.'¦..-¦
England has 271 coaling stations In all
parts of the world, and our Navy Depart
ment fully recognizes the importance of
the coal pile, without which a modern
ship-of-war is helpless. When the pro
gramme formulated shall have been mr.*
teriahzed the United States will have a.
total of thirty-four coaling stations-, of
which eighteen are at home and the re
mainder fairly clrclmg the western por
tion of the globe, as follows: Mexico.
Hawaii. Guam, one each; Philippines
three, Japan and Samoa one each and in
Cuba. Porto Rico and other Weat Indian
Islands a total of eiffht.
¦ • •
Complaint la made In the British navy
that pulmonary diseases are on the lr.
crease, and that the modern steel v c sse:»
are responsible for this unsatisfactory
state of health of officers and crew. The
tendency of late years ha3 been to dis
pense with wood as much as possible ia
the. fittings of living quarters, and so^i*
furniture Is even made of metal. In. thl*
respect the United States, navy leads a.l
others In the minimum use of wood, and
there Is no indlcaticn'lri the medical re
ports' that diseases ol the respiratory or
gans are on the Increase. The r.atural
Inference Is, therefore, that Amcrlcaa
shlps-of-war are superior to the br'.tlsa
in comfort and sanitation.
¦ Toe new wire-wound r:i-lnch gu.*»
made by Yfckers Sons A Maxim at Shef
field. England, la evidently a very efficient
, piece of ordnance and appears In soraa
i respects to be superior to the American
i 8-inch r»n. Vickers' gun la of 50 caliber
t length, the shot weighing 200 pound?.
which, with a charge of fifty pounds of
cordite, attains a muzzle velocity of £?3>
foot second* acd a muzzle energy of tXX3
foot tons. The weight of the gun anil
mechanism Is 16.05 tons and complete wltu
shield and mounting 26.3 tons. Us rapidity
of fire is eix rounds per minute. The new
American S-lnch gun, is of 43 caliber and
weighs 13 tons; .the projectile, of 23>
pounds, with a charge of 110 pounds of
smokeless powder, promises a muzzld
velocity of 2S60 feet and a muzzle energy
of 13,602 foot seconds. Its tiring capacity
Is -calculated, at four rounds per minute,
which gives an advantage to the British
eub- : . . . .
Whenever the appropriation for the In
crease of the navy is under discussion ia
Congress the naval officers stationed la
Washington become very active in their
efforts to get more ships, liut 'their zeal
frequently makes them' givo out state*
ments which are at valance with. fac:s
1 and palpably extravagant. As an induce
ment to appropriate money for more ships
it was recently given out that the Kaiser
I would complete, within the next six years
| the naval programme originally intonded
to cover a period of sixteen years. A
; Navy Department official who recently
visited European dockyards la credited
with -stating that Germany would experi
ence no difficulty in completing its pro
gramme in six years, for Krupp's yard at
Kiel employed 50.000 men. besides which,
there were several other yards. The fact
is that Krupp's yard three months ago
employed less than 3500 men, and that the.
combined working capacity of all the
shipyards for naval work does not exceed
W.OCiO workmen. Furthermore, as tho
German naval programme involves a to
tal expenditure of $343,367,500 for shlp3,
armor and armament, besides the cost
of an increase of 25,551 officers and men.
It is highly Improbable that the Relchstajj
would consent to the taxation of about
$60,000,000 annually during the next six
years. _
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists : for
"The San Francisco Call
Engineering Marvels Inspired ana rrcauceu
by Elmer Lawrence Corthell, the Cele-
By John H. Raf tery.
COPYRIGHT, 190L
n.— ELMEB LAWRENCE COR
; THELI*
(This Eerie*, which Is under the direction of
president Andrew N. Draper of the Universi
ty of Illinois, will close with "A Study of
America's Opportunity," by Senator George
F. Hoar of ' Massachusetts.)
.There is not an engineer engaged In
studying or combating the obstacles
which" nature offers to man In all parts of
the world who does not know and esteem
the name and achievements of Elmer
Lawrence Cortholl.. Beginning in poverty
and frail health he long since won a fore
most place among the world's engineers,
and yet there are few living great men
who are less known by the contemporary
publlc. He is not rich In money, but the
reason lies midway between his lofty per
sonal- character and the noble quality of
his works. •
"The achievement of my profession, the
success of science as I understand it, is
more to me than money. In a certain
sense I am satisfied to work for the glory
of a great profession- and what little re
flected glory there may be for me." This
wns his answer to a friend who urged
him to ask greater fees for his wofk and
advice. The habit of his mind, the
nervous energy of his body and his en
thusiasm have enabled him to accomplish
an amount of work that would have ex
hausted or destroyed stronger men, and
it was the combination of these qualities
that founded and built up his success.
For thirty years it has been his habit to
keep a notebook under his pillow, so that,
waking In the night under stress of some
now thought, he could jot it down. He
said to an associate one day: "I believe
I'll have my stenographer sleep in the
daytime and sit up all night. I have ray
best thoughts in the nlgnt and I'm too
busy to dictate during the day."
Some Characteristic Incidents.
His daughter was a student at Welles
ley College, when her sight began to fall
and she was compelled to leave. Mr.
Corthell, grieving over her affliction, yet
saw in it a chance to help some one and
with her aid selected a poor, ambitious
girl whom he sent to fill the place at col
lege made vacant by the departure of his
own child. The number of aspiring, un
friended young surveyors and engineers
whom he helped to start In the profession
of which he was master will never be
known, but it is said that more railroad
contractors, surveyors and rising masters
of bridge construction owe their success
to Elmer L. Corthell than to any other
single Influence. His son, Howard L.
Corthell, now with the Illinois Central
Railroad Company, following his father's
profession. Is on© his youngest proteges.
It Is a singular coincidence that his .son,
.then a student at Brown University— his
father's alma mater— enlisted as a private
in the First Rhode Island Infantry for
service in the late Spanish war, even as
the elder Corthell had left the same col
lege thirty-five years before to serve with
the Rhode Island Artillery in the Civil
War.
A few years ago a malignant disease
attacked Mr. Corthell. He went to
Switzerland to consult an eminent special
ist, and in the presence of an interested
gallery of surgeons and one of his own
friends was informed that the only way
to save his life was to remove one of his
eyes.
"All right, doctor," quietly replied the
patient: "I am ready whenever you are."
A student of Immense courage, one
whose business since boyhood has denied
him for much of the time the delights of
his home, a man of rare gentleness, he
has yet successfully lived at variance with
all his weaker, natural traits. Forever
plotting and fighting against the hostility
of seas, rivers and mountains, exiled by
foreign commissions that kept him for
months at a time in strange lands, he has
lived a life of self-denial that is not ex
pressed in his good-humored face and
cheerful smile.
Although he has spent so much time in
places where fteh and wild animals
abound, it is said by his friends that he
never owned or used a fishlne-rod or u
fowllng-plece, never wantonly killed a
creature of forest or stream. Horseback
riding is his favorite recreation.
In April, 1900. he was married at Berne,
Switzerland, to Miss Marie Kuchler of
that city, going thence to Buenos Ayres
In South America, where he expects to
remain till the end of 1901. To survey ana
control the fierce currents of the Rio de
la Plata, if Mr. Corthell adheres to hi*
present resolve, will be the final engin
eering work of his remarkable career, for
he promises his friends to return to vNew
York within a year and settle down at
last to his home, his books and the writ
ings which the scientific world expects as
his legacy to future students.
The Struggle for an Education.
He was born at South Ablngdon, Mass.,
midway between Bunker Hill and Ply
mouth Rock, on September 30, 1840. His
earliest American ancestor was Robert,
Corthell, a native ojf Scotland, who set
tled at Hingham. Mass., In the early days
of New England. His father was James
Lawrence Corthell, the son of a revolu
tionary soldier. Elmer was a bookworm
at 9 years and so absorbed was he in
study that his father's favorite method
of punishing him was to take away his
books and compel him -to play or sit idle
An early fondness for constructing 1 com
plicated mechanical toys Indicated the
bent of his talents. While going to the
little district school of South Abingdoi
he helped support his family and earned
money to pay for his clothing. By hard
work and pinching economy he was able
to enter and maintain himself at Phillips
Academy. In 1859 he entered Brown Uni
versity, where for two years he studied
and paid his way by coaching youngar
men and working In the engine rooms of
the building. Here the scientific tenden
cies of his mind were gratified by the
study of hydraulics and engineering, ana
with all of his mental energy aroused he
began the preparation, for what he had
decided should be his life's business.
Then the civil war came. Just 21, grown
tall and strong with work and college
sports, he was eagrer to enlist. He became
a private In the First Rhode Island. Light
Artillery, and won his shoulder straps at
the first battle of Bull Run. During four
years and three months he saw service
in the campaigns In Virginia and North
Carolina. At the close of the war he was
mustered out a captain.
A man of 25 now, he went back to
Brown University 'to resume his studio*
with all the ardor of a boy. He now
plung-ed into the study of theology, de
termined to qualify for the Baptist minis •
try He was a natural orator and dur
ing his y«ir of work in the divinity school
he preached with marked success in vari
ous pulpits. -But his health, undermined
by exposure and hardship In the army,
now gave way under the strain of *his
confinement and study. His docto
warned him apainst a sedentr.ry life and
urged him to choose a career that would
keep him always at outdoor work. H's
natural bent and his first choice of a pro
fession led him to civil engineering, and
so he put away his theoloerlcal studies
and returned to science. He was ; grad
uated In 1867, married a month later and
began the work of his profession in the
office of Samuel B. Cushine:, civil engi
neer In Providence-. In -18<T3 he went to
Missouri as assistant engineer in the
building of the Hannibal & Naples Rail
road.- In ISftO he entered the employ of the
Hannibal & Central Missouri" Railroad,
serving as division engineer, and in lSTO-Ti
he conceived and carried out plans for a
bridge over the Mississippi River at Han
nibal.
Trying to Tame the Mississippi.
It' was while directing the construction
of this bridsre that Mr.;Corthell first be
came thorouehly acquainted • with th.it
great river. He n»ver rested from study
ing its currents, its sloughs and bayous
its sandbars and islnnds.: thp geolofry of
Its deposits. Iysng before the national
Government would listen' to arguments
for the -construction, of Mtie<! ntth* gu'f
delta of the big river Mr. Cortholl was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY "25, IVuV.
AT HOTEL DEI^ COROXADO th« rrnsor. 1b
now." on at full tide. American and European
plans. Best of everything. Including the crur
acter of entertainment. ; Apply 4 New Montff-.ni
«ry*t.. city, for special ticket. •
A measure has been introduced in the Legislature
making it a misdemeinor for employers to pay work
men" their wages in saloons. It might not be unwise
fbr..some one. to draft a law making it a felony for
saloon-keepers to accept workmen's wages after they
hav.e been paid.
•- Ambitious sblqns at the State capital have given in
dorsement to a proposed law designed to keep critics
out -of places of amusement. If the scope of this
measure could be broadened as a law of protection
to the community everybody, including the critics,
'would be kept out ol seme places which are for amuse
ment simply by courtesy.
An effort is being made at Sacramento to place
stumbling-blocks, in the spectacular progress of tht
collectors of bad debts. It is to be hoped that our
legislators are not permitting any personal feeling to
influence acts which should be performed on a plane
absolutely unselfish.
PERSONAL MENTION.
4
ADVEHTISEMEJTTS.
Alhaicbra— Mir.strele.
Orj>hru'rn— Vaudeville.
Grar.<! Opera-houfe— "A Husband's Honor."
A!"»rar-- < \Yhat Happened to Jones."
Columbia— "Zaxa."
Tlvrli— ••Wizard of th* Nile."
Ontrnl— •"ir.e Girl 1 L*?t Behind Me."
California— "The Village Parson."
• iljmpla. ccrnfr Mafwr. and Eddy street*— Specialties
Ch-jtcs. Zoo and Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon and
c\-er,lr.£.
F"l*ch»>r'« — Vaudeville.
Mptri'rd'.tan Temple— The Henjchels' Recital to-morrow
afternoon.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Race*.
Tan fora n Park— Races.
AilUbEMENIS.
CONSUMPTION
is almost as deadly as ever, al-
though physicians .know they
can cure it generally, beginning
when most of the lungs are
still sound, and even some-
times when a great deal of
damage is done.
The people don't know if
yet. They have been told;
but they .don't believe it; they
don't act on it.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil is one of the principal
means of cure.
There are other helps : dry
air, sunshine, country, sleep
regular habits, right clothing.Sometimes people stop at . a hotel In
order to escape home comforts.
COLEMAN-In this city. February 24, 1901.
Kulalie Eccleston, loving; wife of Wilfred L
Coleman. youngest daughter of Mr*. Laura
elsler-of Mrs. J. C. Haurhyand
Mr*. C. E. Morse, a native of Southport,
England.
DIED.
James Samuels,' a" colored man. .rooming
at the "Chicken Roost." on Mission street,
near' Second.. had, a'- fall yesterday which
brought the floor down with him. Samuels
was; standing -on a- stepladder makine
some repairs to the wall when he lost his
balance and fell a distance of ten feet to
the. floor, which gave way and went. with
him to ;the landing- underneath. The col
ored .man was 'taken .to. -the Receiving
Hospital.- where- Dr. Von der Leith found
his ninth and tenth' ribs broken and in
ternal Injuries which may prove fatal •
His Fall Broke tin Floor.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 24-Stmr La Oas
cogme, from Havre; Btrnr Rotterdam, from
Rotterdam and 'Houlofme.; stmr Columbia, from
Geneva: stmr MlnnehaKa. from London; stmr
Phoenicia, from Hamburg:.
KINSALE— Passed Feb. 24— Stmr Belgeland,
from I'hlladelDhla for Queenstown;. stmr: Bo
hemia, from Boston for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Nomadic,
from New York; rtmr Ottoman, from Portland.
Me.: «tmr Philadelphia. -from -New .York: stmr
Umhrln. from New York, via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Feb 24-Stmr Koe
nlfcen Lulu, from New York for Bremen.
OUEENSTO-WX— PMi-d Fob 24-Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool for New York. .-
OCEAN* STEAMERS.
ARRIVED.
FUXDAY, February 24.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. 2S hours from
Kureka.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
A prand masquerade ball was Riven last
nleht by the Garibaldi Mutual Aid Society
in Garibaldi Hall on Broadway. The
hall, which was brilliantly decorated
with lights and bunting, was enjwded
to. its utmost capacity with merry mask
ers when the jrrand march was called. A
high dpgroe of artistic skill Rnd original
ity were displayed by the costumes worn
by some of the dancers. The floor com
mittee consisted of L. Guinasao, G. Er
tola. P. Perata. L. Demartlnl, G. Perata,
G. F. Ertola. N. Caprlle, A. Garbarino, F.
Fifcone. V. Vaccaro, B. Perata, Dr. G. E.
Cagllerl and Dr, O. Perroni.
Garibaldi Ball a Success.
Ramon told his mother that he "heard
tho train bell ringing" and he was afraid
he would "miss the train." so he climbed
aboard and was carried away. Mrs. Les
lie continued her Journey to Oakland.
In the meantime McAllister-street car
No. 309 wan making Its way out Market
street In charge of Conductor F. H. Stew
art. When the corner of Jones and Mar
ket Etreets was reached all the passen
gers got off except one little boy. Stew
art tried to find out who he was. but all
the child could do was sob out "Mamma."
At Larkin street the conductor turned
the boy over to the police. The child
stopped crying for a time and told the
police in charge of the station that his
name was Ramon Leslie. His mother was
notified and in a short time mother and
eon were reunited.
Mrs. Leslie soon became hysterical and
accused C. K. Parker of the bookstand
of kidnaping her son.
"Madam." answered Parker,' "I have
plenty of children of my own, and I cer
tainly have no. use for -ours."
Sergeant Mahoney then telephoned to
Oakland to watch the steamer for the
boy and also notified all the police sta
tions. '.
When Mrs. Leslie reached this side she
walked to the place where passengers for
Oakland enter the ferry building, and
laying her valise down by the bookstand
told the little boy to take «are of it while
she got the ticket. She had to wait in
line nearly three minutes, aitd when she
got back to the stand the valise was
there, but the boy was gone. She searched
In vain for him, and then enlisted- the
Bert-ices of Sergeant Tom Mahoney. Then
all the gatekeepers and porters In the
employ of the. Southern Pacific went on
a hunt, but no trace of the lad could be
found.
. Mrs. Charles Leslie of Sausalito made
things lively for the police anfl Southern
Pacific officials at the ferries yesterday.
Her husband Is employed in the car shops
of the North Pacific Coast Railroad
across the bay, and some urgent work
kept him at home. His wife and his lit
tle son came across the bay, however.
Intending to go to Oakland to visit some
relatives.
Frightenid Mother Accuses
Depot Tenant cf Steal
ing Her Child..
NOT A VICTIM
OF KIDNAPERS
CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, Feb. 24.— Grant
Gillette, the once millionaire cattle king
of Kansas, has shaken the dust of Mex
ico off his feet and has returned to the
United States. Gillette came here from
Kansas City two years ago, an exile
frpm the United States because of un
paid accounts in the Kansas City stock
markets. It is said that he "worked"
the dealers and banks there for nearly
$1,000,000 and came here before the ex
tradition treatv went into effect. After
coming to Mexico Gillette engaged in
different lines of .business, but failed in
every undertaking. From a millionaire
he fell to a man of ordinary circum-
Btandes and later to one'of almost pov
erty.- Mrs. Gillette, who has been run
ning a millinery store here for more than
a year, made some money, but dissatis
faction with life here made her long to
return to her former home. Last week
she sold her establishment and with her
little- boy .returned to Kansas.
Gillette accepted a position with a firm
here after failing in the hay business,
but after his wife left he said he could
stand It no longer and would return
home himself.' He boarded a southbound
train a few days ago, saying he was go
ing to Torreon. It has just been learned,
however, mat he did not gf.t off at Tor
reon, but went to Syracuse, where- ne
purchased a steamer ticket for New
York. From New York he will return
to Kansas am settle his affajrs. Gillette
said' to friends before- he left that his
wife had agreed- to sell all of her prop
erty in Kansas and with that money he
would pay 50 cents on the dollar of - his
Indebtedness.
Gillette's disappearance nearly two
years apo created a tremendous sen
ration when the amount of his defalca
tions became known.- He had been one
of the most 'successful cattle raisers arid
speculators in the. -West and in palmy"
days had spent money lavishly and lived
l!ke a prince. After the crash it was
estimated that he took $100,000 with him
when he fled. For a time his disappear
ance was complete, but after a month or
fo he turned up here and bought a hotel.
Thia venture failed and he went from
bad to worse until his wife finally Joined
him. in exile, and, to sonnort the* family,
opened a fashionable- millinery establish
ment in -Chihuahua, which she conducted
until last week.- Gillette and his wife
were, quite popular with the American
colony in Chihuahua.
While . here- the -exile led a sober life
and devoted most of his time to his fam
ilv. He often threatened to return to
Kansas City and expose numerous frauii
unlent transactions' of which he was ac
cused.- He said other persons who J had
never been suspected had made a scape
goat out of him to conceal frauds perpe
.trated' by themselves.
Former Millionaire Returns
From Mexico to Face .
Creditors..
Special Dispatch to The Call
GILLETTE GROWS
WEARY OF EXILE
I _. —
Unless Lieutenant of Marines Richard
M. Cutts spends a considerable portion of
his salary in the purchase of obesity pills
and Indulges in exercise of the sort rec
ommended to those who, are greater in
breadth than in length he will prove a
source of much difficulty to the design
ers and builders of Uncle .Sam's mighty
vessels of war.
Lieutenant Cutts possesses proportions
that may be likened unto those of a cer
tain military hero, but unlike the latter
has still the elasticity of youth. When he
received orders to report on board the
battleship Wisconsin he expanded con
siderably, and it is Just possible that on
account of this expansion- his troubles
arose.
Over the door of a stateroom on the
Immense vessel was a neat brass plate
Informing those aboard that space on the
other side of the door was to be devoted
to the marine officer, but when the pon
derous form of the lieutenant appeared
on the gangway, his fellow officers looked
aghast Carefully- scanning the brass
door plates as he marched down- the pas
sageway, Cutts stopped when he reached
the slgrn that informed him that he had
reached his quarters.
This being the first ¦ vessel to which
Lieutenant Cutts had been ordered, he
became visibly affected upon viewing the
quarters that were to be all his. But the
lieutenant was not to have the pleasure
and satisfaction of occupying the room
Just then. An Ignorant draughtsman, in
arranging the entrance, figured on a man
of ordinary build, and in consequence
Cutts. who is much more than ordinary
found it impossible to enter his room.
Straight ahead, sideways, backwards, it
was the same: The door was not large
enough to allow the marine officer en
trance to his "castle." . ¦
Ar hasty consultation was held, with a
result that the ship's carpenter was given
whispered instructions. The Bound of
hainmcr and saw wielded by muscular
tatooed arms was soon to be heard com
ing from the' direction of the marine offi
cer's room, and a glimpse of Lieutenant
Cutts could be had sUting in the captain's
cabin, surrounded by dress suit and sword
cases, and with a look of anxiety on his
face. He was on pins and needles .for
many hours, but allowed a grin of satis
faction to creep over his countenance
when the carpenter's .mato announced
"It Is big enough now. sir."
Lieuttnant Cutts Unable to
Squeeze Into Wisconsin
Stateroom.
ENLARGE DOORWAY
TO FIT AN OFFICER
It Is a waste of energy to whip a small
boy on the spur of the moment when you
can find a more tender spot.
I was overcome with emotion at the last
performance given by the great French
.dramatic ttars to ss»» the large pearly drops
coursing down Jack Casserly's aristocrat
ic nose. Bernhardt, as Camille, was dy
ing, and I had my attention so divided
in watching Sarah and observing Cas
serly's silent weeps that I did not ap
plaud in the right place. It is truly mar
velous how Intelligently Casserly weeps.
I am almost convinced that he can un
derstand French" "as she is spoken" In
France.
• • •
They are getting the Crocker mansion
ready for the expected arrival of Mrs.
George Crocker and Miss Rutherford.
Naturally there will bo many entertain
ments given in honor or the visitors, and
just as naturally will Mrs. Crocker re
turn some of these favors. Heretofore she
has always done so, and her returns have
been things to remember. Many are look
ing to Mrs. Crocker's arrival to brighten
up the Lenten period..
If I might have had my pick of all
the magnificent jewels worn at the ball
I would have asked for that magnificent
string of pearls around Mrs. Will Crock
er's pretty neck. I believe Mrs. Crocker
has a fondness for pearls. At one of the
Bernhardt performances she wore a won
derful collar of pearls that attracted
much attention. Mrs. Crocker, by tho
way, has gone. In completely for white
gowns. At the ball she wore white tulle
embroidered in silver, and at the ,theater
she was gorgeous In a white lace gown.
Dark women, generally, are not a success
In white. Mrs. Crocker Is the glorious ex
ception to the rule.
t t ... » «..»¦ >¦«¦»¦-«- t « . » t » .«..'..T..T..T..t.i»-.t-,Tt-T
yellow with age. Next to Mrs. Martin's,
I fancied Mr?. Irving Scott's gown. It
was of pale yellow satin, and trimmed
with flounces of the finest Chantilly. Mrs.
Scott has a decided partiality for lace,
and her gowns always bear witness to
It. I understand that she is the happy
possessor of yards and yards of rare old
lace.
MISS MABEL GUNN, CONCEDED TO BE PRETTIEST OP ALL THE
PRETTY GIRLS WHO ASSISTED AT THE WHIST AND EUCHRE
TOURNAMENT. PHOTO BY' BUSH NELL.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, to my way . of
thinking, wore the most elegant gown
that was seen at the MardI Gras. It was
of black velvet, trimmed with bands of
crimson and quantities of exquisite lace.
• • •
If men went about, as women are sup
posed to do, with human hearts a-dan
gling from their bolt chains, my! what a
chatelaine Herman Oelrichs could v ear.
Every one of us girls just went silly about
him at the ball. If I heerd one girl eay
he looked cute. I heard one hundred
Why, one sweet maid, like Silas Wtgff,
"dropped Into poetry," declaring that the
matchless Oelrichs calves, encased in
black silk stockings, were 4 a poem." Lota
of the other Klrls felt the same way, but
they lacked the poetic young woman's
power of expression. As for myself, I
thought he was a courtly figure in his suit
of black and that he far outshon'e all th.»
younger men who were among those pres
ent.
Alice Hager went ono steD farther than
her "black" companions by braving the
vise committee In the gorgeous get-up of
Kate Hardcastle in "She Stoops to Con
quer." Miss Hager's maid accompanied
her to the ball, helped her doff the mag
nificent pink brocaded Hardcastle drers
and fit herself out as "Aunty." It was
the most marvelous lightning change
scene that I ever expect to witness. It
was all done In five minutes and the best
of It all was that the other ladles In the
dressing-room did not know what was
happening. They looked in wonder when
they saw "Aunt Jemima" corns from be
hind the. screen, behind which the vision
in pink had Just disappeared.
The minute they all got on the floor
they started the fun ar.d the mystery. Not
a soul divined who they were and by dof
fing their make-up and homely gowns Just
before the hour of unmasking and appear
ing at supper in gorgeous raiment they
kept everybody a-guessing.
Maybe the bunch of Aunt Jemimas
didn't have a fine time at the Mardi Gra-s!
They were Alice Hager. Ethel Haprer,
Mollle Thomas, Carrie Taylor. Theresa
Morgan, Ella Morgan— I have forgotten
the names of the other girls— and they
looked like the real Southern thing"? in
their brown hollands, bright Kerchiefs and
fantastic head dress. All the small girls
of the Jolly septet had wondrous kinky
wlgrs on, with the hair done up In mult!
tudinous little tight braids, all tied with
brilliant bits of ribbons. They had their
gowns buttoned down the back and lookei
just the sauciest wenches. As for the big
girls, they had caps — snowy muslin affairs
— over their pretty coiffures, and looked so
genuine that with Just the least bit of im
agination you could smell hoe cakes as
they passed.
Ar.d it Is to Mrs. Henry Scott thct we
owe it all. It was a hard flcht to make
and it met with many adverse criticisms,
but the lady persisted bravely to the end.
Just as she did when It vai a question of
who might enjoy 'the hospitality of the
Burllngame club room?. Two noble vic
tories! I think a title of distinction
should be conferred upon the lady. Mlgh'
I suggest: Mr?. Henrv T. Scott, "most
worthy censor of morals."
Naturally there have been heaps of peo
ple who have declared that the spirit of
the- carnival was miasine at our bal'.
Wei!, that is all a matt-sr of how one
looks at these things. But there is no one
who can say the girls should have re
mained "to home." They were all there,
debutantes included, and there was no»
even one chaperon who, on Ash Wednes
day, felt she had reason to reproach her
correct self for lack of proper Judgment.
1 BELIEVE that we are. all of us. a
most ungrateful lot. We have had our
MardI Gras, enjoyed it and have neg
lected to thank the lady who made It
the decent success that it was. I re
fer, of course, to Mrs. Henry T. Scott. She
is the lady who insisted on the dictum
that raen should not wear masks.
"Recordare" From Requiem Mass
By Misses Nice Barbareschl and Lla Po
lettini.
Professor R. A. LucchesI, conductor.
"Ingemisco" From Requiem Mass
By Mr. V. E. Castellano.
Profesfor R. A. LucchesI, conductor.
"Dominie Jesua" From Requiem Mass
By Misses Ida Valeria and Lla Polettlni,
Messers. Plo Faccl and S..J. Sandi. ,
Professor Giulio Minettl, conductor.
"Miserere" From opera "Trovatore"
By Miss Barbareschl- nnci Mr.'V. E. Cas
tellano and Chorus.
Professor V... Ursumando, conductor.
Those in charge of. the arrangements
and the committees are as follow:
President, E. C. Palmlerl; vice president,
Giovanni Mu.«so: treasurer, Andrea Sbarboro;
secretary, Giovanni Almagla; assistant secre
tary, M. L. Perasso.
'Members— G. Cadenasso, Dr. G. E. Cagllar;
Chev. G. CaJegaris. Ing. P. Caronna, V. E.
Castellano, G. M. Castronl. F. Cavagnaro. B.
Chell, L. do Martini, Dr. Chev. P. de Vecchi,
C. O. Fauda. Chev. J. F. Fugazl, G. Jaccherl.
G. B. Lcvaggl, A. Manclnl, A. Olmo, Ing. E.
Patrizl. C. Pedretti, J. C. Sala and F. Zelro.
Programme committee — Chev. G. Calegarls,
G. Almagla, Dr. G. E. Cagllerl, V. .E. CaB
tellano, G. Musso, J. C. Sala and Ing. E.
Patrizi.
Musical committee — R. A. LucchesI, S. Marti
nez, G. Panlzza, A. Spadlna. V. Ursumando*
Invitation committee— Andrea Sbarboro, C.
O. Fauda, Ing. P. Caronna.
Decoration committee— G. B. Levaggl, F.
Cavagnaro, G. Jaccheri.
Yesterday afternoon the Italian colony
in Ban Francisco gathered together at
the Tivoli Opera-house to do honor to the
memory of the great , Italian maestro,
Verdi. The hall where the favorite and
beloved operas of the master have been
bo familiarly heard for twenty-one years
was filled to its utmost limit by the com
patriots and lovers of this greatest of
Italian composers. The. decorations were
lavish and effective. Draped with black
and garlanded with green, shields bearing
the titles of Verdi's most Important
works were hung round the galleries.
From the center of the stage was hung
a portrait of the "grand old man of
Italy," on the left a picture of the mod
est cottage where he was born and to the
right another of the "Home for Aged Mu
sicians," whtah Milan owes to the splen
did generosity of the composer.
The service opened with an impressive
rendering of the "Nabucco Symphony;"
under the direction of Giulio Minettl, by
a large orchestral force, after which
Mayor Phelan delivered the English
eulogy of the dead composer. He said in
part:
It has been suggested that this is an occa
sion of deepest sadness, of unrelieved gloom;
but may we not consider it as the triumph of
genius over death, the victory of that which
1b Immortal? Verdi was. of the master minds
of the century, its greatest Italian composer—
perhaps its greatest world composer. His Is
music and melody to live with, "not too bright
and good for human nature's daily food."
He haw sounded the gamut of all human emo
tions. Here, In a clime and country closely
resembling the skies and seas of his native
land, where the blood of the Latin has al
ready aroused a love of music only second to
that of sunny Italy itself, wo have an es
pecial, right to grieve and rejoice at tho
death and triumphs of the great Italian.
But it Is a world loss, as his music has
been tho delight of all civlllied nations. From
St. Petersburg to San Francisco, the grief
and Joy are shared — the allegiance of love to
the benign rule of genius acknowledged, and
we must thank the Italian citizens that here
we have been thus intimately' permitted to
Join in the tribute to their great countryman.
As a man, an a citizen, he was of no lest
measure than as a musician. His artistic ca
reer was a steady progress until his death at
86, in the tenlth of his fame, and his life
work a contribution of highest worth to the
brilliant roll of artistic achievement given to
the world by the genius of his country.
The Mayor was loudly cheered through
out by the enthusiastic worshipers pres
ent.
The Italian oration was delivered by
Chevalier J. Calegarls, who voiced the
Italian sentiment . of the occasion in
graceful fashion. The following were the
remaining musical numbers:
Chorus of Pilgrims of the opera "I Lombardi"
By the Italian .Philharmonic Club.
Giuseppe Verdi
Professor Gustavo Panlzza, Instructor;
¦ Professor S. . Martinez, conductor. •
"Lux Eterna"....From Verdi's. Requiem Mass
By Miss Sylvia Puerarl- and Messrs. Plo
Faccl and S. J. Sandl.
Professor S. Martinez, conductor.
ITALIANS HONOR
VERDI'S MEMORY
Memorial Services at Tivoli
Are Attended by a
Large Throng.
Chevalier Calegaris Delivers Eulogy
in Italian and Mayor Phelan
. in English— Music Is
Impressive.
. * *
A mammoth production of "The Girl I
Left Behind Me' is advertised for the
vt-r.k'i- attraction at the Central Theater. ¦
The romantic drarzia. will be produced ex
actly* as at the Academy of Music, New
York. Miss Lorena At wood and Clifford
Dcmpsey. two recent additions to the
Central company, will e?fay the leading
roles. Mi«s Oza Waldrop. the charming
soubrette. has. fully recovered -from her
s<"rious? illness and will appear as Wll
ber'B Ann in This play. The next pre
sentation will be a great revival of "The
Black Flag."
• • •.
' Katherine Bloodgood. the mopt recent
society addition to the ranks of vaude
ville, will appear this week at the Or
pheum In contralto solos. Robert, Hll
llard. John C. Hay. the Brothers Bard,
A. L. Guille. Al and Mame Anderson. E>u
mond'g Minstrels and the Kelsey sisters
are other names on the good bill of the
uc-efe.
• • •
Flechtl's Tyrolean troupe. Antonio and
Conchlta Martinez, the Leonis, Roseo and
Sims. Rith Nelta and Gertie Amsell are
new nanies at Fischer's Concert House,
and premise an unusually good entertain
ment. " .
• • • ¦ ¦
William fie Boe, Mabel Hudson and
Qurrita Vincent are still at the Olympia.
— • • • •
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Sylvan and Chester, acro
batic comedians; Lillian Levy In coon
songs; Walter Chester, hand-balancer;
Fam Holdsworth. barytone; the Kobers,
aerial artists; the Hawaiian quartet; little
Irene Kober. the clever child contortion
ist, and a series of new comic moving pic
tures.
Lovers cf oM-tlnic minstrel perform
ances ¦will miss a treat If they do not
visit the Alhambra this tveok and see the
pt-rformar.ee given liy the Al G. Field
Greater Minstrel Company. This Is really
or.e of the best minstrel troupes ever seen
in Sen Francisco. There are real com
edians ar.d real singers" In It, and the per
formance gx>es> with that snap that keep* '
an andience In a stato of delight. A
funny sketch clear through Is that enti
tled "Ore Day at the White House." The
list of characters includes Teddy. Willie
McKJn'.ey. l»ck Crcak-her, Mrs. Carry
Hachett Nation, Uncle Mark Hanna and
ethers k'i)ffn to fame. This skit Is un
ururihy c::g;i.a!.
The F'fld iJuiStrtls will remain here all
tills week and give a. matinee Saturday. .
• • • •
"The Village Parson," a religious and
dramatic play, is holding the boards at
the California and should do a good
weeks business. A clever company has
teen gathered together by Manager
the brunt of the dramatic
work falllr.g to E. Laurence Lee as the
Rev. Tom CJodley. Through the machina
tions of two brothers — Gordon, Imperson
ated by William Webb, and Charles de
Boise — Godley feels called upon to turn
his wife and baby from their nappy home,
and on that the trouble hinges. Miss
Anna Viola. Risher as the wife displays
good acting ability and also shows her
self to b© the possessor of a fine voice,
which was heard to advantage in "The
Holy City," sung behind "the scenes.
Josie McMahon plays Myrtle Godley, the
blind child, with extreme nicety,
and the fun of the piece was contributed
by Mrs. George W. Barnum, whose Ger
man comedy was very clever in the part
of Gretchen Van Crans. Scott Lawrence
as Andy Thom helped out very accept
ably In the humorous situations.
6unday matinee* will be discontinued
at this house, as only the best attractions
will be presented.
* " • : • •
Howard Hall produced his drama. "A
Husband's Honor." last night at Moros
oo's Theater. It is based on the old story
of an ur.faithf.ul wife, her detection and
subsequent punishment. In the third act.
a scene presenting a gambling pavilion
near Monte Carlo affords Adgie an op
portunity of performing with her lions.
While Aclpie is in the cage the betrayer
of the wife gains possession of a note in
tended for the discarded husband. Hall,
who plays the part of the husband, de
mands that It be surrendered to him. The
note is tossed into the cage during a
pcufn> ar.d Hall gains pt-sse?sion of It by
r.a.«=h.rg into the cage. This feature of
the play aroused the enthusiasm of • the
gallery gods. The honors of the perform
ance were divided between Adgie, Hall.
>.'lna Morris and Virginia Calhoun.
• ' • •
The Tivoli has a winner In the "Wizard
of the NHe. " and the pretty opera Is ap
parently in for a long run. Popular and
topical songs are introduced, and Ferrfs
Hartman as the only "Wiz" and "Hoot
Mon" Alf C. Whelan are as strong at
tractions as ever. The settings are par
ticularly pretty, and Bernice Holmes.
Maud Williams and Annie Myers are all
well placed.
.... • * a
The Alcazar, contrary to its ¦ general
C"stom, will keep on last week's play,
"What Happened to Jones," the laugh
ebte farce which has been crowding the
hoOse during the past week.
Eall Braves Lien's Den
at Morosco's.
••Village Parson." Is Cleverly Pre
sented at California — Howard
Combination Gives a Taking
Performance at the
Alhambra.
FIELD MINISTRELS
PLEASE AUDIENCE
BY SALLY SHARP
SOCIETY: ECHOES FROM THE BALL AND
ABOUT MRS. HENRY SCOTT.
THE SAN FR^CISCO CALL, MONDAY; FEBRUARY 25, 1901.
• •
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!
VAUDEVILLE'S "MOST PROMINENT
HEADL1NERS !
ROBERT HILLIARD & CO.
KATHERINE BLOODGOOD.
• JOHN LE HAT. THE BROTHERS BARD.
A. L. GUILLB. DUMQND'S MINSTRELS.
AL AND MAMIE ANDERSON. KELCEY
SISTERS. THE BIOGRAPH.
Reserred Seats. 13c; Balcony. 10c: Opera.
Chairs and Box Seats, 30c.
Matlne*s Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
£*jni SBMBBA sa.i rsAHCisco's
UUloU GWlE5_i §\ lEAOI'.G THEATRE
XOTE— No telephone or mall orders accepted.
Be£inninc» TO-NIGHT,
ONLY APPEARANCES HERE OF MPJL
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As ZAZA in
DAVID T3ELASCO'S PLAT
(A Version of Berton A Simon's Drama).
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request. Will
Play an -; •', .
EXTRA .MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
In Addition to the
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES $2. $1 SO. II. 73c and 30o
*T.iyOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT C.
•?AM I A WIZ? WELL, I GUESS I"
PACKED TO THE DOORS.*
WIZARD
% E NILE!
FERRIS HARTMAN* as THE WIZARD.
"HOOT MON- WHELAN as THE KINO.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cent*
Telephone — Bush 9.
THIS EVENINO I AND ALL THIS WEEK.
At 8:15. I Only Matlne« Saturday.
"A Truly Beautiful Story. Well Told."
MR. W. E. NANKEVILLE PRESENTS
Tilfc VILLAGE PRESENTED BY A
T» • n<-/v%T l« CLEVER COMPANY
PARSON. OF PLATERS.
A" play that Is full of Intense human Interest.
Beautifully ttaged. You will wish the evening
youn«r. that you might see tt over a^aln.
EVENINO SBc. T.Oc and 75«r.
MATINEE 25c and !W>c
Next Sunday Evening:. March 3J— LEWI3
MORRISON'S Masrnifleent Production of
f-» * ¦ |C»T ¦. Company and Production
rrtUOI Direct Frcrn New Yor'.t.
GRAND OPERA, MOUSE
ALL THIS^WEEK.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT- of th» FavoriW
Romantic Actor,
MR. HOWARD HALL
In the Drama of His Own Composition.
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
A Striking: Incident of the Piece Will Be Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den of Llona to
Secure a Lady's Glove.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. 73c.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 23c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE 'EMPORIUM- "
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
BElASCO*»oTHAU:Sjfeff^.
¦ W 1 msrturriuu
Phone South £33
Beginning TO-NIGHT— Every EVg This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Mammoth Production of Belasco and Fyles'
Great Military Play.
"THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME!"
Produced Exactly as Seen at the Academy of
Music. New York.
The Greatest and Most Elaborate Production
Ever Given in This City.
First Appearance at This Theater of
LORENA ATWOOD and
CLIFFORD DEMPSEY.
' DDIPCC II EveninKS 10c. 15c. S3c. EOo
j ifllWCJ I) Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Phone South 779.
TTTfc \1PHT ANr> ALL TH 13 WEEK.
iU-lMljni MAT. SAT-DAY ONLY.
THE BEST. GRANDEST. IUGGEST!
A I fZ PIRI ft 1 GREATER
AL U» rIDL.Lf MINSTRELS.
The Entire Performance New and Novel to
Thl» City.
' 5ft-PEOPLE-ALL ARTISTS— KO
.SEE— The Novel Street Parade. Dally It a- m. r
Open-Alr Concert. Alhambra Entrance.
EVENING 25c. 3T»<\ BOc and 7!W».
MATINEE Iftc. 25c. 85c and 5Oc.
SPECIAL— CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Next Sunday Evening:. March 3d— LkwiS
MORRISON'S Magnificent Production of
fj» I TO r f r "-Comr)any an(1 Pro^ uc t lpI >
r/\UO 1 ...Direct From New York.
Bft&fefirW
nr»r& T\Iir*H r F begins the
1 CrlN 1 tl II 1 LAST WEEK OW
"What Happened
To Jones,"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week "COUNTESS GUCKI.**
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB, .'
'-'"":;."'? TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Raclnr. Beginning Monday. Febru-
ary 11. 13C1. ,
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six Stake Etents. Three Hurdle Races and SU
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT t:W P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townaend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:«0. 11:30 a. m.. t2:V). 1.'
1:30 and J P. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for Ban Francisco at 4:15 t>. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladles and tbelr escorts.' Admission to courts.
Including railroad fare. Jl J5.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary. ¦
EDWARD POWERS. Racir.r Secretary.
HENSCHELST
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
T0-M0RR0W (TUESDAY)
AFTERNOON at 3:15.
POPULAR PRICES.
Reserved Seats 5>, 73c and S1.00. now on
sale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s Mu3lc Stort,
PTQrHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbUnJin O Admission lOo.
Fiechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. Antonio and Oon- .
chita Martinez. The Leonis, Rosco and Sims.
Ruth Nelta. Gertie Amsell and Hinrlchs* Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats, £c. Matinee Sunday,
H'i P IHI 1 IIIMIBJ* lll'fclWilMI >M^ WH W ill I tf W'H I ''lul Ihl k f'llWH IIIBlnliM " V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE «**¦?• Rlf
222-224 SUITER S1V
The ADAMS SPBrNOS MIN-
EBAL WATEB on "SPECIAL
SALE" is bottled at thc sprincs.
Lake County, this State, with its
original gas; its healing and benefi-
cial qualities are just as effective a?
the water taken at the sprincs.
For stomachy kidney and liver'trou-
bles it has no* equal. Analysis of the
eminent professors. Price and Hew-
ston, are affixed to each bottle.;. Y k
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
Adanr. Springs MInsrai Water,
Regularly 12 23 HUJ* 1 *
Regularly V 75 case of E0 $7.23
Allow }l 34 on return of case and bottles.
C K. Whisky. L L. & Go's. $2
Regularly $1 lot. Rejrutarly II gallon :
$3 eal. The old reliable Bourbon.
Giif, Holland. Re i £ Urly bot 7 r c
Regularly $4 00; tallon $3.00
Imported; L. U & Co.'u.
Corn. Cactus, Rc^ ly can 10c
A brand known as cne of the finest
Eastern Corn.
Asparagus Tips. S^^l L 25c
El Carltan brand.
Salmon. Co ££ b & R t £ r - 3 tins 25c
"Pet" brand; Ms.
Codfish. bE35S£ 3 tins 25c
Ready In 10 minutes. Reg. 10c tin.
Oliws, SMU 1 - S? 20c
Almonds, J^J&tiijgg ID 20c
Talcum Fowder, %?- 3 fcis 25c
Lady Jeanette's. Soothing to the skin.
- For infants and adults.
Nail Bnnh, £*•. 25c
8olid polished back: all white bristles.
C1GARS- Fo d r ay h . ree All our high-grade
5c Cigars 6 for 25c
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
GOLDFILLINGS$1.00
Artistic fillings and all dental oper-
ations at lowest prices. Teeth treated,
cleaned and regulated.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
133 Powell St.
Credit if desired.
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IN THE VAULTS OF THE '
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST $5.00 PER YEAR
(And Upward).
WHY THEN WORRY OVER THE SAFE
• KEEPING OF TOUR VALUABLES
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
Offices : Con California & Montgomery Sts.
nil I AP These liotels pos-
r A LA ut scss thc attribut "
that, tourists "and
Jinn travelers appreciate
ullU —central location, f
PDA Ml") liberal manage- i
UnAllU tnent, modern ap- i
IIATri O pointments and
nUltLOl P"M<=t cuisine
. ' American and Eu-
San FfanClSSO. ropean plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTEST^"ZOO
EVERY AFTERkJPON AND EVENING.
The famous Hawaiian Quartet,
Sylvan & Chester', Lillian Levy,
the Koebers, Walter Chester, Sam
Holdsworth, Little Irene Koeber,
New itoving Pictures.
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
—AND A—
LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
16 DAYS 16.
Corr.tnenclnR NEXT SATURDAY. March I.
Performances at 2:30 and S p.- m. Dally.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I we of deg the less I think. of
man." — Dr. Johnson.
3GO— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 300.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
in the World.
Elephants, Zebras, Goat?. Sea Lions. Ponies,
' Monkeys, Dogs, Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First Time in This City of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED
SEALS.t the Movt Marvelous
Animal Act in the World.
HERR SETLER. the Famous Oerman Animal
Trainer and His Small Clown Elephant.
A Grand Free Illuminated Ftreet Parade Will
Be Given Friday Night Next at 8
• o'clock. Brlns the Children.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c: CHILDREN, 10c.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING 1
19C0-WINTER MEETING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thura-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
>"lve or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-beats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:20 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
lad!(s and their escorts; no smoking. Buy ySur
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also al! trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cara
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track St 1:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. ¦ H. MILROY. Secretary. ¦ ¦¦¦
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
BADWAI'S READT KKL1K* 1 has «tood
unrivaled,' before tha public for uO . years as a
Pain Kemedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cure's . all Colds, Sore* Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chlttR, ''¦ Pneumonia, \ :¦. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache,' Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and ail Bowel Pains. All druggists.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office. 30 Montgomery street.' *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IR A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
trr end Nervine,
The mo« wonderful aphrodlelac and Special
Tonic Jor the Sexual Orjf«nH. for both sexes.
Tfce Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kid-
r<ys and Blpdder. SelU on its own merit*.
NABER. ALF8 A BRUME, Agenu,
23 Market et. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.) t
§VIM, VIGOR. VITAL! TY for MEN
.MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have lwc-n In use over fifty
years by th* leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure th«
worst cases In ©14 and younr
arising from effect* of e^lf-
fibUBe, 'lifsi; r.r » r.. exensrs or
ri(?ar*tt»-smoktn(f. Cure Lo*t
Mar.hood. Impoteney, Lost
Power. Nifht Losses, Insotn-
t'n.: Pain* In Pack. Evil Desire*. Lame Back
Nervou* Debility. Headache, t:nfltn*»f>» to Mar-
ry. J>»e of S»m<?n. f-~* Vartcocel- <jr CVin-
«>tlp*tion. 6tr>r»» N>fQ V M rvcus Twitching
f! Eyelids.' KTtrrti^rZ. 2JZ t _a r e !mm«Hllate
Impart vljror and** c " * to every
function. . Drn't pet despondent; R cure 1« at
fond. fir-tore fmall, undeveloped organs.
pTiaiu!»te the brain, and nerve center*; iOc a
?¦ox:. 6 for tt 50 hy mall. A written cu.irautw
to cur> T money rt-fun<5*d with 6 boxes. d r _
ciilar* free. Address BISHOP IlEMEDY CO
'« F7Mr ft.. Ban FYanrlsro. Cal. GRANT
pnua CO.. 2 e and 40 Third et.
VjSky Coffees
j^^^&L apices
fl Many J fcxtraCtS
Soda
©Baking
•p- ,
Great American ImportinE Tea Co..
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Avs., bst. Post and Snttei
861 Market St., opp. Powell, y^}:
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
112 Thirrl St. IS19 Devlsadero 8t.
I4« Nii'th St. 2OO8 Pillmare 8t. .
8006 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery A*
2316 .Mission St. 3285 Mission St.
705 Larkin St. 2732 24th St.
SS3 Hayes St. 475 Haiftht St.
32 Market St.
:^ OAKLAND 8T0RBS.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
IIS3 23rd Ave. . 616 E. I2th St.
VC Ocher Branch ' Stores.
* I3IO Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
6AN RA1-AEL-3 St., nenr Fourth.
r ""1
do I get
for
breakfast •}
in the •
morning
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal i. FRESXO, Feb. 24. — Fair weather per
mitted excellent racing to-day at th©
Velodrome. One world's record was
broken. Stone doing the ten-mile motor
paced race in 16:431-5, and beating New
kirk. This was 19 seconds faster than
the previous record, made by Nelson at
Los Angeles. . Lawson of Buffalo again
won the mile professional race In two
heats. • .
World's Record Broken.
ment. 6-2, 4-6. 8-6. Rosenberg was tired
out after his hard match with Smith, and
with the heavy handicap against him he
was unable to win the final match. Kuehn
played a remarkably steady game
throughout. The first set was won by
Kuehn rather easily, the score being 6-2.
In the second ret Rosenberg took a brace
and won, 6-4, but the effort was too great,
und after a fierce struggle the last set
finally fell to Kuehn, 8-6. Each of the
players in the finals received a handsome
silver stein for his efforts. This is the
first time a handicap tournament has
been won by a fifth class man.
Alamedas 0 32000.000— 5
Base hits 1 3 2 0 10 0 0 3-10
Golden Gates 1 0 2 10 0 0 0'2— 8
Base hits -0 11100002—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Pratt S. Thomas 3.
Home run— McCuenn. Three-base hit—Water
bury. Sacrifice hits — Johnson. Goldsworthy 2.
Thomas. Kline. Shea. McCuenn 2. Double
plays Goldsworthy to W. Hammond. Thomas
to Johnson to Shea. Struck out— By Pratt 3,
by Thomas 6. Base on called balls— Alameda
2. Golden Gates 9. Hit by pitcher— Mitchell.
Thomas. Britt. Passed ball— Shea, Time of
game — 2:00. Official scorer— F. Flnck. Umpire
— W. Finck.
Totals 30 S 5 3 27 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BT TKNTN'GS.
Totals 87 6 10 5 27 17 4
GOLDEN GATES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Johnson, lb l 2 0 0 13 1 0
Waterbury, 2d 6 1 2 0 4 X 2
McCuenn. s. s 4 1 1 0 1 1 0
Thomas, p 4 0 0 0 0 7 1
Mitchell. 3b. 4 0 0 0 0 10
Spencer. If 3 1 1 1 Jt 0 0
Clynes, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Shea, c. 3 0 0 0 7 0 0
Platt, rf. J 1 1 1 0 0 0
Totals 51 7 10 2 33 23 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Koenlgs 1 0000402000 0 1— 8
Base hlts..l 11103020100 1—11
Xobles 2 200020010000—7
Base hits. .2 20002002110 0-10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Perrine. 5. Home run-
Tyson. Two-base hits— Shea, Collins (4). Mor
rison, Barry. Sacrifice hits— McGee. Tyson.
Perrine. Base on errors— Koenigs 3, Nobles 4.
Base on balls— Koenigs 6, Nobles 4. Left on
bases— Koenigs 7. Nobles 4. Struck out— By
Perrine 5. by Shea 4. Hit by pitcher— Jagger.
F>ouble play— Perrine to D. Bodle to Keoghan.
Passed ball— Eager. Wild pitch— Shea. Time
of game— 2:15. Umpire— Jack O' Connell. "Scorer
— J. W. Etapleton.
Golden Gates Win.
The Golden Gates defeated the Ala
medas yesterday on the Golden Gate
grounds by a score of 6 to 5. The game
belonged to the Alamedas until the ninth
inning, when Waterbury of the Golden
Gates got in and rapped out a three-bag
ger, followed by a home run from
McCuenn's bat. Score:
ALAMEDAS.
AB. R. Bn. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. 8b.... 4 0.22 33 1
W. Hammond, lb.... 5 1 1 2 11 0 1
Croll. cf 4 1110 0 1
Britt, If 4 1 1 0 3 0 0
Schroeder, rf 4 1 1 0 0.0 0
Goldworthy, s. • 4 1 1 0 2 7 1
J. Hammond, c 4 0 10 5 3 0
Simpson. 2b 4 4 1 0 4 2. 0
Pratt, p. , 4 0 10 0-20
Totals 4S 8 11 ,6 33 19 4
XOBLES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, b. s 1 0 1 0 0 4 1
Jchnson. 3b :.... 7 110 8 3 0
Rellley. 2b 7 12 0 5 6 1
Jasscer. c t 5 1 2 11 0 0
Barry, 1. f 6 0 1 0 4 0 0
Carroll, lb 5. 1 1 0 13 1 2
Tyson, r. f 5 110 3 0 0
Ford, c 3 1 0 0 4 1 0
Sbea, p 6 11118 0
D. Bodle became gay In the ninth Inn
ing of the game played yesterday at
Recreation Grounds between the Koenigs
and the Xobles. The score was 7-6 In favor
of the Koenigs, there were two men tomb-
Etoned. and Jagger was on his way to
second for a steal.' Eager threw the ban
to Bodle. 1 who covered the bag. but Bodle
lost himself In fanciful stunts and grand
stand baseball, Jagger reaching the bag
and the game being prolonged for many
extra lnnines. The gamowas finally won
in the thirteenth by the Koenigs.
From the ninth to the thirteenth neither
side scored, but In this Inning Keoghan
reached first on Walters' error, second on
Perrine"a out, and scored on Collins' clean
two-bagger to left.
Altogether the game was a close and
fast one. The pitching of Perrine and
Shea was of fine quality, and their sup
port was excellent, but a few errors be
ing made. Tyson batted the ball over
the right-field fence in the ninth for a
home run. Score:.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Collins. 2b 6 3 4 2 3 6 1
Knell. 1. r.. 8 11110 0
Easer. c 6 0 2 ' 1 4 10
J. Bodle. 3b 5 0 0 0 14 0
D. Bodle. a. a 6 0 10 4 6 2
Morrison, r. f 8 110 3 0 0
Keoghan. lb 6 1 1 0 IS 0 1
McGee, c. f 4 110 5 0 0
Perrine. p 3 10 10 3 0
Error in tia Ninth Is Responsible
for tne Prolongation of th©
Game — Home Bun by ;
¦ Tyson.
Koenigs and Nobles Give a
Fast and Long Baseball
Exhibition.
PLAY FOUR
EXTRA INNINGS
TO SAIL.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25.
t Sun, Moon and Tide.
United 6tat«i Coast and Geodetto Survey—
• Times and Height* ¦ of ¦ High - ana Low
¦ Waters at Fort Point." entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tha Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tho
Mrs. McZlnloy's Gown.
The rown which Mrs. McKlnlev ta »o»
tne to wear at the inauguration ball
next month Is a New York "confection"
—"cream-colored moire, covered with a
rare and dainty pattern of Ven«tlaa
lace."— Cleveland Leader.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides Are Riven In the let*
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
•Uy, th<§ third tlm« column sives the last t!dt»
of the day. except when there are but thre«
tides, as •oroetlmes occurs. The heights ittven
ura'tn addition to the eoundlriss on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except wnen »
minus elKTj (— ) precedes the height, a-d thei»
th* number riven is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of referees*
Is tha mean of the lover /low waters.
SUNDAT, February 24.
Btmr Kmnlre, Macrenn, 60 hours from Coos
Bay. '
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 72 hours from
Astoria. . . :•..-/<¦'
Stmr Whttesboroy* Ols«n, 19 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr George W Elder, Randall, M hours
from Portland, via Astoria 53>£ . hours. :¦ v .
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 44 hours from . San
Dle-o. - •
U S stmr Solace, "VVlnslow, S3 days from
Manila.
Stmr Colon, MacKinnon, 26 days from
Panama. •
Ship Santa ' Clara, Llndbenr. 13 days from
Oyster Harbor.
. Schr Ootama, Semeen, 7 days from Coos Bay.
¦ Bchr John D Tallant. Hoffland, 24 days from
Kahului. • • • :
Schr Mary Buhne. Dannevlg, 8 ¦' days ¦• from
Eureka. ¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦ ¦ •-.''¦
Schr J B Leads, Olsen, S9 days from Buea
terpln. • . --...-. , ¦ - ¦'<:'.:
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours frm Bodega.
SAILED. V .
SUNDAT. February , 34. .
Btrar Navarro, Hansen. >~". ••¦ : ¦ '. .
Stmr Alexander, Glelow, San Diego. ¦.-;•
Btmr Acme, Lundauist. Tillamook.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Jan 10— Ger ship
Anna, for 8an ; Francisco. . Jan 20— Fr . bark
Brenn. . for Sen Francisco: schr Defiance.-, for
Honolulu. • Jan 25— Bark Himalaya, for Hono
lulu; Br ehl o Port Crawford, for San ; Fran
cisco. Jan 26— Fr bark Jeanne Gulllon, for San
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Lokroe
and gchr Lottie Sarson, from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Arcata and
schr Gem, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Feb 24— Stmrs San Pedro
and Pomona, for San Francisco.*'/ -•
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb .23— Stmr Leelanaw
and ship Isaac Reed,, for San Francisco: stmr
Dolphin, for Skaeuay. Feb 24— Br stmr; Pins
8uey, for Tacoma. . t
Arrived Feb 24-Br stmr Port Albert.' from
Manila. - ¦•¦¦•¦¦: ¦ .: .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Fob " 14— Br stmr
Port Stephens. . for Port Blakeley. '.•'•¦•¦
¦ SAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb 24 — Stmr National
City, for Eureka, with Ger shlo Otto Gllder
meister In tow, Nor stmr Berzenhus, hence
Keb 22.
Sailed Feb 24— Stmrs National City and Aber
deen, for San .Francisco.
• ASTORIA— Arrived • Feb . 24— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 22; stmr Alliance, hence Feb 19.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Feb 17, lat 41 47 N Ions 125 W— Br schr En
terprise, with E6 sealskins. All well.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 24 (10 p. m.)— Weather
foggy; wind west; velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
' Stmr Sequoia,' "Winkle, Fort Bragg.
' Italian ship Salvatore Clampa, Caflero,
Queenstown. * '
Schr Lettltla, Zachary.
Schr Rio Rey, Olsen. Mendoclno. . ¦
Schr Archie and Fontle, Hunting, Stewarts
Point. .
The handsome little tug Leslie Baldwin,
which was built for Alexander & Bald
win, was loaded. on to the deck of the
schooner Metha Nelson yesterday. Sho
will be taken to Kahului and there. used
in towing sugar barges to and from ships
loading In the bay.
Manila yesterday and went direct to Mare
Island Navy Yard.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda arrived from Sydney. IC
S. W.. via Auckland. X. Z.. Pago
Pago. Samoa and Honolulu, H. I.,
late Saturday nisht. She. wa» not
expected until Tuesday next, and is there
fore-more than two days ahead of time.
The run from Honolulu wa* made In five
days ar.d twenty hours, which Is a splen
did showing for the finish of a 7200 mile
run.
The following named cabin passengers
arrived on the Alameda:
From Pyfiney— Mrs. M. Riley. A. Cohen. Wil
liam Karl. A. C. Williamson. Mrs. and J.!it.s
Merfllicott. Gecrc* MaUalt*u an* wife. John
Broomhetd. WllMatn Cartnichael. Charles
Hickox. Thcmas Sraalley, Mrs. M. Adam and
N. McKellar.
From Auckland— William Posten and Alfred
Brayne. .
From Pa.go Pago — Robert Tlbb*tta an<J X. J.
W«?a\er.
From Honolulu— 8. F. Berr. Bruce Bonny
and wife, I>?*ris Cha**, James Doyle and wife,
Ur. Grace and two daughters, W. J. Holl«ran
tnd daughter. I>r. Klnc ana wife.
Mason- Mitchell. Miss Leary. Mrs. }¦:.
MrCall and child. - W. H. Newell. Miss L.
Pltten. S. S. Paschal end wife. C. E. Robin,
B. Switwr, C. It fitickney. Edgar Silver. Mr.
and Mrs. Stetson and daughter and maid,
Charles TTj!!, Mies K. Brown. C. D. Chase. W.
G. Oooke and wife. J. R. Dargett. Dr. Jesse
Haws, Mis* S. Hebeson. J. O. Lutten. Mrs.
R. Cojrea. W. H. Moyer, I. Newell and wife.
C. F. Phillips. MIm Ella Parsona, C. 6. Rich
arflson. Brother Richard. J. C. Spencer and
wife. Miss SandtTS and Gus Schneider.
• The Alameda Is to be made Into prar
tlr«Hv a new ship and It will be at least
Water-Front Notes.
The preparations for hauling the South
Portland Into shallow water were not
completed yesterday, so the attempt was
poetponed until to-day..
The army transport Solace Cirrlrcd from
The Pacific Mall Company'3 steamship
Colon arrived from Panama and wav
ports yesterday. She brings up ten cabin
passengers and a number in the steerage,
besides a full cargo of coffee. When the
Colon was sixty miles off shore last Sat
urday In a dense fog the captain heard a
fusillade of pistols and guns near by. Th-»
steamship was headed In the direction
whence the sound came and a hunt
ing skiff, with two half-breed Indians in
It. was found. The Indians said they had
lom. their schooner and were signaling'
her. The -were offered a berth to San
Francisco, but refused, saying the sealer
was near by and that they would find her
when the fog lifted.
Colon Arrives From Panama.
three months, before she leaves port again.
She Is to have new boilers, her compound
engines are to be made into triple expan
sion, the hull Is to be strengthened, the
cabins and staterooms are to oo remodeled
and refurnished and minor alterations are
to be made. By the alterations in the en
gines the vessel will have more cargo
room and greater speed, wlitle the altera
tions to the staterooms will make the Ala
meda one of the most comfortable steam
ships afloat.
elty front (Ml*»ion-»treet •wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Port Point: ta*
height of tide is the same at both places.
Francisco: bktn Hawaii, for Klhel. Jan 31—
Bark Hesper and Br bktn City of Adelaide, for
Honolulu. -
In port Feb 1— Bark Ames McNeil, ship Bal
clutha, Br baric Battle Abbey, bark .Bit Bon
anza, bark Highlands, echr Inca. schr Kallua,
bark Louisiana, schr Manila. ¦ ship/ Marian
Chileott, schr M P Grace, bktn Newsboy, bktn
Omega, -bark Palmyra, all for Honolulu; Br
Fhlp Arracan, Fr bark Beaumanoir, Br chip
Cardiganshire. Br bark Francois, Br bark In
verirarry, Br bark Invernelll, all for San Fran
cisco; bktn Encore, for Lahalna: Br ship
Pythomene. for 8an IMeeo.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 10-Bktn John Palm
er, from Port Hadlock.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE ALAMEDA WILL BE TURNED INTO A FAST MODERN STEAMSHIP
The antlauarlan has no uso for a thins
until time) has rendered It useless.
Among the many changes necessitated
by the death of Queen Victoria, one,
which is not unimportant, is the printing
on all legal documents of "God Save the
King!'! for* "God Save the Queen!" This
This change alone. It la estimated, will
cost something like $2,000,000.—Phlladel
phia Telegram. \- ¦
A Small but Costly ; Change.
berst 21 19 n It n
E. J. Murphy and O. Kappltz.. IS 21 13 21 IT
O. Hutchlnson and P. Kelly.. 21 21 IT 19 21
W. Kelly and P. Hutchlnson.. 15.13 21 21 20
O. B. Hay ward and T. Leach.... 21 SI 15 21
A. MoVlcker and T. Lydon '4 8 n 7
P. Baach and M. Levy 21 21 21
M. Berwtn and M. Joyce 17 12 »
D Rodgers and M. McLeod 21 21 19 21
L- Carralne and N. Poltdort 17 19 21. 1*
Ed White and C. Lakln 21 21 29 21
G. Green and W. Johnson 13 10 21 13
University of California handball tourna
ment: The team from the medical department
of th» UnlTerslty of California was defeated
by the team from the dental department of tn»
University of California.
IV. Walsh and R. Longatach (aiedl
ca s j \ 17 21 21
F. W. StarS and J. Smith (dentals).. 21 W 13
W\ Prltchford «nd W. Graves (U. C).. 21 21
W. Wilsh and R. Lonyabach (medicals) 13 . 19
M. J. Kilgallon and J. White 21 18 n n
W. Maputre and E. Curley 13 n M 13
At the San Francisco Handball Courts
yesterday the following matches wera
played: >:'.^
O McDonald and P. McKlnnon 21 21 1« tt 2t
M. McNeil and P. Mclntyre... 11 10 21 21 14
E. McGtntr and E. Barry 21 Zl tl
I». Regan and M. Klrby 1* 03 1>
H. J. Rogers and W. H. Sle-
proved to be Charles Kuehn, fifth
class man. .
The semi-final match between Al Rosen
berg and Grant Smith brought out the
finest tennis of the tournament. By mu
tual agreement the match was made the
best three sets in five, instead of .two out
of three. Rosenberg won by the complete
score of 2-6, 6-3, 3-6, 6-2 and 7-5. Had the
match been two sets out of three Smith
would have been the winner, as the score
shows. Smith won the ' first set easily
€-2. The second set fell to Rosenberg by
the score of 6-3. Then Smlttt braced up
and won the third set, 6-3. With two sets
to his credit it looked aa if Smith would
win the match, but 'Rosenberg, who is
noted for his staying powers, won tha
next set, 6-2. In the last set Smith had a
lead of 3-1; but was too tired to win out.
and after some ] fast and brilliant rallies
Rosenberg won the last set by the score
of 7-5.
The final match, between Charles Kuehn
and Ar Rosenberg, was two sets out of
: three. With a handicap of half-forty.
1 Kuehn finally won the match and tourna-
TOUBNAMENT WON BY '
A .FZFTH CLASS MAX
Kuehn Beats Rosenberg in Singles.
Best Match Was Between Smith
and Rosenberg.
The handicap singles tournament com
menced on Washington's birthday 'was
completed yesterday, and the winner
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. 2i— San Ber
nardino defeated the Levys In an excitlnff
game of baseball this afternoon by a
score of 3 to 2. Dunleavy made a star
play In fielding a long grounder In th»
right field and closing the game In the
ninth inning by throwing Hollaway out
at first. Both Jones and Hartwell pitched
and fielded their positions well, Jonea
having four and Hartwell eight assists.
Score:
Clubs— J It. H. K.
San Bernardino - S 13 3
Levys • * 5 x
Batterle»-Jones and Mangertna; Hartwell
and Lofcman. Umolre— Collins.
Defeat the Levy3 in an Exciting
Game of Baseball.
SAN BERNARDINOS WIN.
signs of evident dissatisfaction. The most
vollent protests were made by some of the
cavalry horses In t,he Presidio, but no
serious difficulty occurred. Where a good
stretch of smooth road permitted the
chauffeurs let out a kink or two and fairly
skimmed along. Next Sunday a much
larger parade is expected, .as about a
dozen chauffeurs from Oakland will Join
their confreres of this city. \
Th^ following made the run: W. H.
Talbot and wife, James Keenan. G. W.
Baumhoff and wifa. P. F. - Rockett and
wife, Charles Arnold. H. Tllden, R. R.
I'Hommedieu and wife, W. Poole. Byron
Jackson and son. Dr. Tlllman, John Bris
ben Walker Jr., Lloyd T. Brecklniidge. E.
Courtney Ford and Dr. C. W. Hibbard
W. H. Deming, H. T. McKnight. J. Meyer.
W. H. Skinner and P. Duchein, L. An
drews and H. L. Rider.. George P. Moore
had In his surrey F. J. Clute, H. E. War
ren and Arthur Inkt-rsley.
JAMES TAKES FIRST
GAME FBOM CAETWBIGHT
Clever Handball Flayers Contest in
the Courts of the Olympic
Club. . .
George James has a slight lead over
William Cartwrlght for the sliver trophy
offered by Messrs. Melrose and Ramsdell
to go to the winner of a series of hand
ball games between these two experts.
James yesterday "defeated Cartwright in
their Initial game, and If he wins on
Wednesday evening the cup will be his
property.
Quite a large ' number of clubmen
watched the match game yesterday.
Cartwrlght had won the handball tourna
ment held a few weeks ago. and James
succeeded in winning second place. An ex
citing game was expected, and the spec
tators were not disappointed. James. won
the first rubber by a score of 21— 7. James
"killed" at every opportunity and sent a
hot serve to his opponent. In the second
game Cartwright picked up. He sent out
a difficult toss and had 17 points to James'
7 before much time had elapsed. James
then steadied down and played an up-hill
gamo and soon overhauled his opponent.
.When the score was up-sticks the crowd
grew enthusiastic. Cartwrlght made an
other before being put out, and then his
rival went In and by a low Berve won the
match. Score 21—18.
The players m the soft ball tournament
Pqys3 HOUGH the horse may not go,
HI the horseless vehicle is here to
I steam, puff and sputter. At least
It that Is the verdict of all who took
part yesterday In the successful
run of the "automobilious" in the Golden
Gate Park. Before 10 a. m. people began
to gather at the -rendezvous, the corner
of Golden Gate and V&n Ness avenues,
curious to see tha , self-propelled car
riages in line.
The most remarkable vehicles of all
were two motorcycles, that went whirl-
Ing up and down the avenue, looking de
cidedly cumbrous and making a good deal
of noise, but being well controlled by
their riders. It was nearly 11 before a
start was made, and by that time about
fifteen automobiles, chlenv of the steam
propelled variety, were on hand. The
Al Hampton, single-handed, defeated
Russ and Biitz yesterday In the regula
tion court, and then repeated the trick by
defeating Butz and Gleason. Little Hamp
ton played his usually splendid game.
In the second class the contest is also
narrowing down to the finals. To-night
Louis Levy (scratch) will play George
Blrdsall (40): Jerry Johnson (scratch) will
play Melroso (scratch), and McLeod
(scratch) will play Lester Hammersmith
(40):
Bogan (40) won from Bartlett (scratch)
by a score of 40—38. This was the best
game of the afternoon. Bogan played a
brilliant game and outplayed his op
ponent. Bartlett's lack of condition and
the handicap was too much for him. Tqm
Magee was to have played Al Hoffmann,
but failed to materialize. His absence
was a disappointment to the crowd, as an
Interesting game was looked for. There
are now three men left In the first class.
Bogan, Hoffmann and Powers will con
test for honors. v .i
vehicles proceeded In single file along
Golden Gate avenue out to the panhandle,
¦where a halt was' made. From the pan
handle some of the chauffeurs returned
to Van Ness avenue, proceeding thence
to Fort Mason, Lombard street, and
along the boulevard to the Presidio, where
they were rejoined, at the parade ground
by their companions who had gone down
McAllister street, up Central avenue and
Into the military reservation. The auto
mobiles then went flown to Fort Point,
up again and along on Presidio Heights.
One vehicle met witn an accident and
was unable to proceed, and some of the
others found It necessary to stop for
Slight adjustments of the machinery.
From the military reservation the chauf
feurs made their w.-iy by various routes
to their starting points.
During the run a ffew horses gazed with
pome alarm at the strange vehicles which
threaten to displace them and showed
then took the stage and played some ex
citing games. Jim Powers (40) defeated
Rausch (40) bv a score of 40— 8. Clough
(40) defeated Clawsun (40) by a score of
40-21. ;
SAN FRANCISCO "AUTOMOBILIOUS" AS THEY PROCEEDED ALONG THE LINE OF STEAM AND SPUTTER.
IN VARIOUS KINDS OF SELF-PROPELLED CARRIAGES, AND 'A FEW OF THE FUNNY THINGS THAT
BEFELL THEM.
German Schuetzen Societies and Na
tional Guard Companies Pepper
the Targets for Medals
and Honors.
A large number of shooters wer» on tha
Shell Mound ranges yesterday, and they
peppered the targets from the noon hour
until the sun dropped behind, th© San
Francisco hills. The clubs that took part
were Court Verbano Social Club of Oak
land. Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club.
Ean Francisco Schuetzen Vereln. Ger
mania Schuetzen Club. Companies H, I
and M, First Infantry of th© Natinal
Guard, Red Men's Schuetzen Club and the
Norddeutcher Schuetzen Club- The lat
ter organization, in addition to Its regular
monthly medal shoot, held the yearly
prize shoot, after which a banquet was
given at the park restaurant, at which,
the prizes were awarded.
The results were as follcws:
Norddeutscher yearly prlxe •hoot— First
prize, a diamond .locket, given by William
Olenniman, won by F. P. Schuster COS; »ec
ond priie. $25 eiven by Frits Krus. won by H.
Huber 758; third priie, J20. given by "W. V.
Garus, won by O. Lencke »S4; fourth prize. $15.
given by the club, won by H. Burfelad 974:
fifth prize. $10. given by 'Wicb.mann & Lutgen
Co.. won by F. Rust 1021; sixth prize. $3. given
by S Alpera. won by H. Hohman 1052; seventh
prize, $5, given by S. Alpers, won by J. D.
Helse 1057. J : ,
Monthly medal shoot— First and second class
championship contests, not won: first class,
not won; second class, J. Lanlienau 873; third
class, .A. Hohman 353; fourth class, A. F.
Meyer 331: best first shot, J. D. Hetse S; best
last shot, J. D. Helse 24. l^-'-^r, _ ,
Company M. First Infantry— T. Dolan. 33; J.
Riley 20; H. Sp*llman. 35; J. Smith. 23; Ser
geant Noyes. 31; W. Phillips, 36; M. Lyons, 3D;
T Daily 23; I* Owens, 36; Corporal Souther
la'nd 20; L* Ayhens. 2i; Lieutenant CaUopny.
36- Captain Wall. 35; R. E. Wheelan. 28.
Company I. First Infantry— lieutenant Mat
thevrson, 30; Sergeant Stoltaenwald. 24; Ser
eeant Reddell. 28; Sergeant Bucking, 53; Ser
geant Sheldon, 37; Corporal Saletur, 23; Cor
poral Maasberg. 29; T. Connolly. 2i; H. Ehrenp
fort. »; I* Fentren. 34; H. Kalluran. 40; K.
Veil. 29; C. McNeil, 27; B. Lurenteyer, S6; C
Leyden. 37; B." F. Moon, 22.
Company H. First Infantry— Captain Warren,
44- Lieutenant S. F. Osuedet, 37; Lieutenant
Klnney. 40: Sergeant IMneen. 37; Sergeant Rlt
ter. 35; Sergeant Swift. 40; Sergeant Ehrenj*
fort. 45; Corporal McGlnty, 37; Corporal \a
lento, 26; Corporal Walsh. 21; Corporal Miller,
42; C. Bean, 23; T. Burke, 23; J. Wilson, 2J;
C. Rauer 10: J. Kromsky, 37; W. Crady, 10;
John Raye B: T. Beckler. 10; Fred Flnke. 28;
O. Kelner. 30; F. Ireland. 12; K.- Weins. 32;
H. McGee. 10; J. Fisher. 17; K. Kremer. 35.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Pistol—
J. E. Gorman. 95. 92. 89. 94: P. A. Becker.
95. SO: F. S. Washburn. 94. 93. S3; M. Blasse.
ST. SS; G. W. Hoaley. 86. 87. S3; W. Glaase.
S3, 76; G. Tammaeyer. 75. 63; C. J. Sheble, 75.
Revolver— P. A. Becker, 87. 82, 81; J.. E.
Gorman, 90.
Rifle, handicap— C. M. Henderson. 23. 217.
230- A. Gehret. 220.. 211, 210. Gold medal-^J.
f. Brtdee3, 203, 202; D. B. Faktor. 22*. Silver
ir.edal— W. F Blasse, 171: M. F. Blasse. 155,
193. 1S3; G. Taramaeyer, 201, 202; J. Kullman.
214, 200. 2C«.
Court Verbano. Foresters of America, three
shots— D. Mlgnola. 13; A. Bertola. 14; J. Mlg
ncla. 13; E.- Shira. 13; P. Camroizt. 13; P.
Bertola, 13; J. Flgnie, U; O. Mignola, 13; O.
Forada, 12. - •
Red Men's Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— Champion class. William Dressier. 4X0;
first class, H. Griebe. 364; second class, G.
Wagner, 306; third class, H. Schult. 341; fourth
class, D. Tanlcke. 237; first best shot. W.
Kreutzekamm, 24; last best thct, L. Bern-
Montnly bullseya shoot — First prize. Sleb«
medal, won by A. Stein; second: prize. C.
Oldag; third prize. W. Kreutzekamm: f onrta ,
prize. W.- Dressier: fifth prize, P. H. -Ruin's. .
Ean Francisco . Schuetzen Verein. monthly
tullseye shoot— A. Mocker. 50: J. G«ficen. 3SS:
A Bertelsen, 409; F. Hensel. 4S0; "A. Pape.
6C4- C Thlerbach. 583; E. Stehn. 700; ¦ D.
Faktor S05; J. Lankenau. S«: O. Burmelster.
819; W. Goetza, 833; W. Ehrenpfort. 840; IU
7echer. 848; E. Go«tze. S54: F. Rust. 987: L.
Haake 1010; f. Brandt. 1047: Dr. F. H. Cranze.
1120; E. Ipsen. 1164: F. Stetten. 1227.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseya
iiboot— D B. Faktor. 360; F. Brandt. 460; L.
Eerdel 500; W. Goetze, £31: W. Doell. 643; H.
Puber 356; H. Hellberg. 569; J. Bridges. 673;
A. Tblerbaeh. «14; A. Henderson. «32; J.
Utschig- 717: F. Schuster. 733: F. Rust. S61.
Regular Monthly andSpscial
Prize Shoots Make Up
the Programme.
RIFLEMEN BUSY
AT SHELL MOUND
OFFERINGS OF A SUNDAY ON THE FIELD OF SPORT
CAESAR YOUNG'S
STABLE IN FORM
Sea Hod, With Two Stakes
to His Credit, a Profit
able Purchase. -
Gus Abercrombie Ensigns His Posi
tion With the Tanforan Asso
ciation and Will Race
at Oakland.
Two stakes In two days and three or
dinary purses captured all Inside of three
weeks Is a very fair record for a "gold
brick.' When Johnny Schorr sold Sea
Lion to Caesar Younjr for-JlOOO. as report
ed, or a couple of hundred less, he felt
Eorry for the bookmaker's supply of horse
eer.se. "Now' the "little Boer." it is said,
is a5^icted with insomnia, and won't even
visit t lie ocean beach, as the barking of
the sealicns- causes unpleasant recollec
tion?. In the past Caesar has not been
very succecssful with his stable, and
everybody is pleased at his change of
luck.
Gus Abercrombie. the affable book
keeper of the Tanforan Association, re-
Fign^d lii* position on Saturday last. Gus
bas the nucleus of quite a good 6iable in
lilo Chieo. Mocorito and half a dozen
promising tv.-o-yeor-olds. and has or
dered, his horses shipped to Oakland
track.' where he will race. Following are
the Oakland entries:
First race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: wiling: -
Ifs j a ck McCab«»...ll! H7Cl)DanleI 109
ZS3 I-ooram 112 l&SS San AugTistine.il!
19i5 Harry Thatchr.116 1S4? Incindlator ....115
18S0 Evirato 112 16G6 King's J J al 109
lSvl Urchm H«-
fecrr.4' rare^— Seven furlongs; four-year-o!4s
btA 'up; telling': .
1ST? Cue , 1111 1514 N'cne Such 112
H>:« Mike nice 112! 19C1 Pat Morrlsi«ey..ll2
Pit Maydine 107 11905 Montinui 115
Third race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
•14s; purse;
Ull Fr«l Atterbury.113 I 1JIS Jarr'frre d'Or.115
IS 1 *) Arhllles VS I 1K-2 Torso ilcid 113
IS39T>ranus US '¦ 1?^ Carlo , IIS
17J4 Montoya 115 J
¦Fourth race— Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
old* and up; seHlng:
23f3 Kickurabob . ..109! 1MT O>tler Joe 119
l c .79 Norford ........ H4 UiK)5)Tfce Buffoon. ...1W
<l?lC)Marcato ll«»1925)St. Kica 102
Fifth race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
tip: rellins:
C: s €?)Alice I>oush"ty.lH ; nssi>Bcundlee IMS
1*17 Herovoso 112' 1SS1 Jeria .112
{?!xth rar^— Five and a hsjf furlongs; three
yar-clds'and up: selling:
!<•;« Gusto 1121 J!*>5 Ketl<? Gibbons.. Ill
in: Montallade ....113:' 1SI5 Mldlove Ill
<;r-2:<)PreftidiR!tator 10.^' 190S Swlltwater ...-1C7
1S^ Small Jack 1C3 1 1?12 Satin Coat 10S
.; Oakland Selections.
•\Flrst race—Daniel. King's Pal. Urchin.
Feeond race—Pat Morrlysey, Moctanus, May
e'sr.e. .
..Third race —Tyranus. Jarretlerre d'Or. Carlo.
.Fourth race-^SL. Rica, Ost'.er Joe, Marcato.
Fifth race — Hermeso, Alice Dougherty,
!>-*•-d'ee. ' " •
Sixth, race—PrestidigTitator, Montallade. Small
Jack.
Tanforan. Entries.
The Tanforan entries are as follows:
First Race — Six furloacs; three-year-olds and
t:p; f»!lir.g:
:»06 Wallenstein ... S3 HISSSI Isallne 108
l£I2 Vassal 102 1898 Morccrlto 105
TfciS Nellie Foreet... S5!.a7SS)Toah 92
.Pe-or.d- Hate— Three furlonrs; maiden two
year-olds; purse:
:.,. The Maniac ...1C8MS7T Legal Maxim. .105
JS« K*m*Ie 1031 G. Abercrombe.lOS
1SS". .Snooze 103; 1907 Trsula 100
JSD6 Huacbuca •. 10* ;
Thirl Race— Ore mile anl seventy yards;
J>ur-year-ol<!s and up; selling:
1«6 B. Anderson 105i I9CS Prattome 107
:S34 Greatland 103 1910 Royal Prize, 107
1S?7 Walk<-n»haw ..ll« Wi Burdock 107
CS'ODolcre 1C3 l»in Hohenlohe 119
ISIS Lizzella ....... V>*\. 1170 Rapldo 100
Fourth. Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
op; r-ur*e:
<1V*) Barrack 1CSJ :S61 Rollir.* Boer... ??
t:^5)Mom.aclc 10CJ <lg46)Ada. N 83
Fifth Race — Fir an<J a. half furlongs; three
y*ax-old*: puree:
1SS4 H Caldwe'.r.i..lll; 1?1S Invietu? 103
ISM Coupar 1C2 1313 B. Ormonde.... 112
1JS4 Darlen« 1071
Fixth Ra«"e — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
•irt up; selling.:
Z>% The Singer ....IN* :S8« High Hoe 10S
1919 Vohlcer 107- 1812 Sybaris 107
1470 L. MeJdlesome.105- 1S7U Alas 102
Tanforan Selections.
First Race—Isallne, Toah, Nellie Forest.
P»crm4 Race—Legal Maxim, Snooze. Trsula.
Thirl Race —Brownie Anderson. Walkenshaw,
rrpftome.
Fourth Race—P^clMrur Boer, Montanlc, Ada N.
Fifth Race—Beau Ormonde, Cougar, Invic
tus.
BJxth nace—Sybarts. Vohlcer. High Hoe.
¦ Compulsory education in Xew Zealand
Js -considered a. success.
This morning the ladies will play a han
dicap sweepstakes over eighteen holes on
The Presidio links, each competitor con
tributing two polf bails as an entrancs
fee. to be divided between first and sec
ond. The course Js somewhat heavy, and
the copious rains of last week have
caused the grass to spring- up so luxuri
antly that balls are not easy to find In cer
. ts.\n parts of the course.
Thert? was a, g-ood deal of play on the
Presidio- links yesterday, though half a.
dozen or more of the most regular golfers
are at Del .Monte. In a good foursome
over twenty-seven holes J. W. Byrne and
H.A. Blackrcan beat J H. Mee and E. J.
McCutchen 5 up. H. C. Golcher played
five rounds with C. P. Eells, beating him
1 up. B. D. Adamson jravo Hugh Tevis a
handicap of twenty-seven strokes on
eighteen holes and lost 3 down. After the
foursome J. W. Bvrne made one round
•with C. F. Mullins. beating him 1 up. W.
E. Lester played with Dr. Clark.
Golfers at Practice.
LEASHMEN HAVE
SPORT GALORE
Card of Good Coursing the
Result of Finals at
Union Park.
Palo Alto, Olita and Freeze Out Ars
Returned "Winner's in Their Ke
spective Events — Glory for
Rosseter's Kennels.
Yesterday was a gala day at Union
Coursing Park and the enthusiasts that
crowded the ring were given a top notch
card of sport in return for their -patron
age. If the courses had been run to order
it is doubtful that a better exhibition
could have been had than that put up by
the lot of class performers which fur
nished the excitement in the finals of
the three stakes.
The California plate event was won by
Eugene Geary's celebrated head liner
Palo Alto, whose work throughout was of
that standard quality which has forced
him to the front as a courser of high
merit. M. Dunlea's Erin, the runner-up,
reached his place by creditable work.
Luxor and his k'ennel mate Beacon were
put out by Floodgate, whose winnings
hurt, to pome extent, the calculations of
the backers of the Curtis Kennel. Flood
gate got the turn on Luxor in the second
round and followed it out for the kill with
a clean score. Luxor was a 2 to 1 fa
vorite.
Nethercott's dog had the foot over Bea
con, and with the score 4 to 4 dashed In
for the kill and got tne flag, making an
other success on the short end at odds of
3 to 1.
In the reserve stake OHta took first
honors. Moonbright, the runner-up, was
a surprise, and his clever work in reach
ing second place was an expensive story
to form players. Three favorites, Aeneas
at 3 to 1, Hound About at 2 to 1 and Sir
i^wrence at 5 to 3 found him a stumbling
block, and while no credit should be de
tracted from OHta, she would have
changed prizes with Moonbright were it
not lor his wildness in the final.
Freeze. (Jut showed herself a wonder
beyond the most sanguine expectation.
Her hard course of Saturday was her un
doing, it was thought, but she came back
strong and outworked Aeolus after he had
scored the first live points. Aeolus was a
3 to 1 favorite. Then against Merrlwa ehe
went to the game like a seasoned cam
paigner, led him three lengths and was
never In danger. The verdict is that the
sapling is an early comer.
The result of the three stakes must cer
tainly be pleasant to J. H. Hosseter, Palo
Alto and his litter brother Erin, the get
of the great sire Emin Pasha, of Ros
seter's kennels, running one, two in the
plate stake, Olita taking lirst honors in
the reserve event and Freeze Out. the
daughter of For Freedom, Rosseter's
English importation, annexing the fash
ionable Belle Brandon challenge cup stake
is indeed a bunch of honors which fall
seldom to the lot of a leashman ill one
day. '
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Grace's official scores;.
California Plate stake, second round — J. H.
Itosfeter's Random Aim beat J. A. Klein's
Granuvllla, 6-5; P. J. Rellly's Honesty beat
T. J. Cronln's Vandal, 7-5; K. S. Price's Bru-'
tus beat F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha, 9-4: E.
Geary's America beat P. Doyle's Liberator.
4-2; F. Jones' 'W'edgewood beat Russell & Al
len's Spiteful, 4-1 ; C. C. Orlswold's Harlean
Gladys a bye; Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat
P. JackFon's Golden Russet. 10-2; S. Handy"?
Twin City Girl beat T. W. Cartels 1 Mac's
Melody, 3-2; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat
George Sharman's St. Ives. 6-0; I>. J. Healey'a
Tapioca boat George Van Berfren'a Half Moon,
6-1; F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat D. J.
Healer's Lady Clare, 3-1: E. Geary's Palo Alto'
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness, &-6;
George Xethercott's Floodgate beat Curtis &
Sons' Luxcr. 4-0; Curtis & Sons' Beacon beat
George Whitney's Theron, g-1; J. J. Kenny's
Hot Haste beat J. Cane's Master Davenport,
10-1; A. T. Leonard's Game Boy beat P. M.
Clarkson's Golden Garter, 16-4; George Shar
man's Chicago Boy beat J. II. Rosseter's
T.lsky Attempt. 5-1; J. Cane's Greenhall beat
J. H. Rossftcr's Royal Anne. 5-3; M. Dunlea's
Erin beat Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox, 3-1; J.
I>ean's Slsquoc beat J. H. Rosseter's Fiery
Face. 8-2.
Third round— Random Aim beat Honesty, 3-P;
Brutus beat America, 4-0; Wedgewood beat
Narcissus. 3-2; Twin City Girl beat Harlean
Gladys. .V2: Rocker beat Tapioca. 9-3; Palo
Alto beat Little Sister. 6-2; Floodgate beat
Bracon, 6-4; Hot Haste beat Game Boy, 6-3;
Chicago Boy beat Greenhall, 4-3; Erin beat
glsquoc. 3-2.
Fourth round-r-Brutus beat Random Aim. 5-0;
TVedgewood beat Twin City Girl, 5-4; Falo
Alto beat Rocker, 6-2: Floodgate beat Hot
Ha*t», .5-2; F.rin beat Chlcapo Bey, 6-1.
Fifth round— Wedgevrood beat Brutus. 2-0;
Palo Alto- beat Floodgate, 3-1; Erin a bye.
Sixth round— Erin beat Wedgewood. 4-0;
Palo Alto a bye.
l>ecIdinK course — Palo Alto beat Erin. 4-3".
Reserve stake, third round — J. DowHhr's St.
Laurence beat Aeneld Kennels' Achilles, 3-0;
Kay Bros.' Hawker beat Russell & Allen's
Rosta Clalr, 4-3; Connell Bros.' Log: Boy beat
George- Sharman's Chicago Boy. 4-0; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Jewess beat T. McCool's Fin Mc-
Cool, 3-2; Sterl & Knowles' Olita beat E. M.
KelloKfj's Kid McCoy, 5-3; J. Smith's Master
Workman beat F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn.
6-3: P. J. Rellly's Moonbrlght beat Aeneid
Kennels' Aeneas, 6-3; Pasha Kennels' Round
About beat J. R. Smith's Pass Word, 5-0; R.
E. de B. Lopez's Sara beat T. J. Cronln's
Vixen, 3-2.
Fourth round— St. Lawrence beat Hawker.
6-4; Loc Boy beat Jewess. 5-2; Oleta. beat
Master Workman, 4-1; Moonbright beat Round
About. 4-0: Sara a bye.
Fifth roflnd— Sir Lawrence beat Log Boy,
4-2; Oleta beat Sara, 4-2; Moonbrlght a. bye.
Sixth round— Moonbrlght beat Sir Laurence,
7-4; Oleta a bye.
necldln* course — Oleta beat Moonbrlcht. 6-2.
Belle Brandon challenge cup stake, fourth
round— Eterl & ICnowles' Freeze Out beat
George E. Malcolm's Aeolus, 18-12; R. L. Tay
lor's Merrlvra beat P. M. C'.arkson's ¦ Miss
Erummell, 24-8.
Deciding course — Freer* Out beat Mfttrlwa,
1S-5 '¦"--- , ¦¦• •" -- • ' '
Aid Society Gives a Ball.
The first anniversary ball given by the
Indies' Aid Auxiliary Congregation, Beth
Menachim Streisand, was held last night
at Union Square Hall. A largo crowd at
tended. Those who had the ball In charge
were: . -~ ; i,"
Floor mariap-er, William Goldman; assistant,
Mr. Baum. Floor committee— Paul Goldstein,
Dr. Henry SIchel. Mr. Friedman. Reception
committee — Mr*. J. Coleman, Mrs. Levy. Mrs.
Folorr.an. Miss C Robin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MQNDAXV FEBRUARY 25, 1901
More Than a Dozen Self- Propelled Vehicles and Motor
Cycles Run Out to the Presidio.
SAN FRANCISCO CHAUFFEURS
ENJOY A SUCCESSFUL TOUR
6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kan Pedro....:. !
North Fork....
Bonlta...
Tlt&nlft
Pomona....
Arcata. .........
Mattewan
Grace Dollar...
Hyades... '......
Coptic. .:..
Walla Walla...
Lcelanaw
Pro*re«o.. "..:...
Corona .:.
Coronado.......
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa.'..:.
Eureka... .;."...
St. Paul........
Colombia.......
Columbia
Fulton. ...... ..:
Humboldt I
Humboldt .".... |
Newport j
Nanalmo ;......;
Humboldt
Coos Bay ¦
Tacoma
Ventura '...I'.......:.....
Oyster Harbor
China and Japan....'...
Puget v Sound Ports .."..
Seattle .
Tacoma :....
Newport
San Pedro ..............
Point Arena
San Diego
Humboldt, ..;
Panama .......;........;
Valparaiso v.' Panama
Portland & Astoria....
Grays Harbor ..........
I Feb. 25
Feb. 25
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 25
Feb. 25
Feb. 25
Feb. 23
Feb. 26
Feb. 26
Feb. 2*
Feb. 26
Feb. 26
Feb. 27
Feb. 27
Feb. 28
Feb. 23
Feb. 28
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.| Pier.
Fflirnarj- 25.
Fulton Grays Harbor .<•... 2 pm Pier —
Rainier Seattle A N. "What 5 pm Pier 24
Argo Coqullle River .... * pm Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina....... Seattle A Tacoraa. 12 m Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 12 rn Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puret Sound Ports 11 am Pier »
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier —
Frbmiirr 2O. : . I '-
Empire.. ••' Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport » am Pier 11
February 2»«.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata ....Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Queen San Diego » am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt » am Pier 2
G. W. Elder.. Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Kebrnarr 2S.
Colon Panama & "Way Ft 11 mPMSS
starch 1.
Corona. Newport » am Pier 11
TotmeV....... Hamburr & Wy Pt Pier 10
Kom« City... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
'March 2< ' "
Point Arena.. Point Arena* 2 pm Pier 2
Crescent City.. I Crescent City JMar. 2
Curacao I Mexican Ports |Mar. 2
San rises •:•»*
Sun s«ts ..5:51
Moon Nti (flm quarter) 0:43 a.nu
B iTlmel Time I Time! Time!
» Ft. Ft. [ Ft. '¦ Ft.
a H W L. W H "W Z. W
K ... 4:00 S.S 11:04 0.3 t:01 4.J 10:M J-»
M ... 5:01 5.7 12:» 0.1 7:21 *t U:M 1.0
J7 ... t:10 5.T 1:JS 0.0 S:30 *•*••-•••
L W H W L W H W
M ... • 1:10 S'.t 7:21 5.7 2:= 0.1 »:I1 4.1
1 ... 1:13 2.7 8:» 6.7 1:11 -O.I »:<» 6.0
1 ... 8:10 2.4 »:20 5.7 1:52 0.0 10:4* 5.1
3 ... »:57 2.1 10:11 5.« 4:S1 0.2! 11:^1 5.3
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.| Pier.
Fflirnarj- 25.
Fulton Grays Harbor .<•... 2 pm Pier —
Rainier Seattle A N. "What 5 pm Pier 24
Argo Coqullle River .... * pm Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina....... Seattle A Tacoraa. 12 m Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 12 rn Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puret Sound Ports 11 am Pier »
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier —
Frbmiirr 2O. : . I '-
Empire.. ••' Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport » am Pier 11
February 2»«.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata ....Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Queen San Diego » am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt » am Pier 2
G. W. Elder.. Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Kebrnarr 2S.
Colon Panama & "Way Ft 11 mPMSS
starch 1.
Corona. Newport » am Pier 11
TotmeV....... Hamburr & Wy Pt Pier 10
Kom« City... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
'March 2< ' "
Point Arena.. Point Arena* 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kan Pedro....:. !
North Fork....
Bonlta...
Tlt&nlft
Pomona....
Arcata. .........
Mattewan
Grace Dollar...
Hyades... '......
Coptic. .:..
Walla Walla...
Lcelanaw
Pro*re«o.. "..:...
Corona .:.
Coronado.......
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa.'..:.
Eureka... .;."...
St. Paul........
Colombia.......
Columbia
Fulton. ...... ..:
Humboldt I
Humboldt .".... |
Newport j
Nanalmo ;......;
Humboldt
Coos Bay ¦
Tacoma
Ventura '...I'.......:.....
Oyster Harbor
China and Japan....'...
Puget v Sound Ports .."..
Seattle .
Tacoma :....
Newport
San Pedro ..............
Point Arena
San Diego
Humboldt, ..;
Panama .......;........;
Valparaiso v.' Panama
Portland & Astoria....
Grays Harbor ..........
I Feb. 25
Feb. 25
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 25
Feb. 25
Feb. 25
Feb. 23
Feb. 26
Feb. 26
Feb. 2*
Feb. 26
Feb. 26
Feb. 27
Feb. 27
Feb. 28
Feb. 23
Feb. 28
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Crescent City.. I Crescent City JMar. 2
Curacao I Mexican Ports |Mar. 2
San rises •:•»*
Sun s«ts ..5:51
Moon Nti (flm quarter) 0:43 a.nu
B iTlmel Time I Time! Time!
» Ft. Ft. [ Ft. '¦ Ft.
a H W L. W H "W Z. W
K ... 4:00 S.S 11:04 0.3 t:01 4.J 10:M J-»
M ... 5:01 5.7 12:» 0.1 7:21 *t U:M 1.0
J7 ... t:10 5.T 1:JS 0.0 S:30 *•*••-•••
L W H W L W H W
M ... • 1:10 S'.t 7:21 5.7 2:= 0.1 »:I1 4.1
1 ... 1:13 2.7 8:» 6.7 1:11 -O.I »:<» 6.0
1 ... 8:10 2.4 »:20 5.7 1:52 0.0 10:4* 5.1
3 ... »:57 2.1 10:11 5.« 4:S1 0.2! 11:^1 5.3T>eath of Dr. Thomas O'Reilley.
ST. LOUIS, Feb.24.-*Dr. Thomas O'Reil
ley," for fifty-two years a prominent phy
sician • of St.'. 1 ; Louis i and .. a .. notable : home
rule advocate, died suddenly to-day | from
the grip. • ' : ' ¦ ¦ a "
Colonel Robert Pollock Passes Away.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 21.— Colonel Rob
ert Pollock, U. 8. A., retired, died to-day
at Cornelius, Washington County, in his
eighty-second year. He was a veteran of
the Mexican and Civil wars, and was
engaged in many Indian campaigns in.the
West
OAKLAND. Feb. 24.— "Was William
P. Solts, whoso body was found
in Lake Merritt this . morning,
robbed and murdered? The ques
tion is put by relatives of the
young man.
Solts left his home at 719 Tenth street
Saturday morning, ostensibly, according
to his distracted mother, Mrs. A. A. Solts,
to go to the Southern ' Paclflc yards at
West Oakland, where he was employed as
a painter. He took his lunch with him, as
was his custom. The: body .now 'turns up
in Lake Merritt, and there is none who
can explain how the young man came to
his death. • ' '"
All that was. found on'.the body was a
whisky flask, marked B. Gallagher, and
J2.in money. . The relatives of Solts insist
that he had a lnrge sum of money when
he left home, and that '¦ has disappeared
. To . Oetermine definitely, what was the
cause an autopsy will be held upon the
body by Coroner Mehrmann before he
holds the inquest.
SOLTS' FAMILY
THINKS HE MET
VIOLENT DEATH
Weet line of Central trenue, 17S:SVi north
*ram Jackson rtreet. SOxJOS. Mrs. Tubbe to llr«.
"Johnson, for fUOO; let ard house, on the south
I'.ne of Paclflc avenue, 17:6 east from Loruna,
lire. Lew to Mr. Klne. for »1SOO; Al SI. Eb-
There have been several large sales to
record. The largest of the number was
the deal In which the Henry S. Crocker
Company acquired 100 feet frontage on the
southeast line of Market street, with a
depth of 155 feet, extending back to Stev
esson street, beginning 60 feet southwest
from First street- The property belonged
to tho J. C. Johnson and F. T. Elsen es
txtes. The brokers were Shalnwald,
Buclcbee & Co. The price was J245.O00.
On the lots are three-story brick build
ings, with some old structures In the rear.
The property will be handsomely im
proved by the Heriry 6.. Crocker Company,
jj A. lanre sale of country property has
frees made by the San Fraxiclsco Savings
V'alon. to J.' H. Henry- The deal Involves
J75.000. The tract Is 4100 acres of the Mor
•ya^ HJ11 ranch in Eanta Clara County.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold for Mrs.
Curbing. Mrs. Fowle and Mrs. Bpotta to
J. B. Cevlson 1111x137:6 on the north line
of Pacific avenue, 108 feet eaat from Stei
rer etreet. for $40,000. Mr. Levlson will
erect a fine home on the property.
Sh.iinwald. Buckbeo & Co. report the
following sales:
The conclusion of the mlllmen's strike
is the week's overt of Leading- Importance
relating- to realty. All parts of .the city
will feel the effect, for there are many
fcapitelists who now see the way clear
t-> inaiit Improvements. The settlement
•ivxis en terms satisfactory to both the
:mill-owr.f>rs and the millmen. This indi
cates that the present favorable condi
f.ons are attended with permanency.
There Is a great pressure for certain
classes of buildings, the filling up of the
city making accommodations scarce.
; iThe star is the second largest of the
Kim > •v'tr discovered. The largest wa*
seen l*rst on November 8, 1572. Professor
Hough regards the star as a. temporary
one. although he says the discovery is th.?
most important astronomical event of 300
years. It is in the constellation Perseus,
and almost directly west of Capella.
constellation Perseus of which It Is now the
brightest member. W. W. CAMPBELU
. . . Director Lick Observatory.
CHICAGO. Fob. 24.— Professor I>. W.
Hough of Northwestern Unlversltv to
night saw a newly discovered star, whlcn
ha8 been attracting tho attention of as
tronomers in Europe and the East. He
first observed the star just after dusk,
through a telescope and by 10 o'clock wa;
able to see It with the naked eye.
tween a man and woman on Fifth street,
near Bryant, last night. George H. Mur
phy of 2S*6 Moss street received two knife
wounds in the. left side, just above the
heart. His Injuries were treated at the
Receiving Hospital. Had it not been for
the fact that the knife struck one of his
ribs Murphy might now be on a slab In
the Morgue. - -
In company with Edward Reminger and
Peter Dolan. Murphy approached the
fighting couple. He remonstrated with the
man. The latter drew a knife, slashed at
and struck Murphy twice and then ran
away.- The woman ran In an opposite di
rection.
Murphy was only able to give an incom
plete description of hla assailant, for
whom the police are now searching.
George H. Murphy Attempts to Act
as Peacemaker Between Stranger
Man and Woman
• For his interference in a quarrel be-
STABJBED FOR TRYING
TO STOP A QUARREL
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— The following spe
cial was received by the Mercury to
night from Director Campbell of the Lick
Observatory: • " •
LICK OBSERVATORY, Feb. 24.— Our first
opportunity for securing observations of An
derson's new star, discovered in Edinburgh on
the 21st, occurred to-day forenoon. The star
was easily found In full j suKjIght with a
twelve-Inch telescope.. At 11 a. m. It was fully
half a magnitude brighter than the first mag
nitude star Capella, with which Is was com
•pared.
Tho entire resources of the Lick Observa
tory are devoted this evening to securing ob
servations of thi? most Intertstlng object. At
7 p. m. It was fully half a magnitude fainter
than Capella, a decline of a whole magnitude
since noon. Its brightness has continued to
decrease throughout the evening.
• It9 accurate position, as observed by Profes
sor Tucker, Is right ascension 3 hours 24 min
utes 28 seconds and declination 43 degrees 33
minutes and 34 -seconds.
On examining our star charts and catalogues
we find that no star as bright a« the tenth
magnitude has heretoMre occupied^ this posi
tion, so * that this brilliant object occupies a
position that was previously vacant.
The cause of this sudden outburst cannot
now ba stated. It may be due to a collision
between two dark bodies or to Internal dis
turbances In one dark body or to other and
unknown causes. , ,. •
Tho star has been observed with the Mills
spectroscope. Its spectrum is peculiar In that
It contains no trace of either bright or dark
lines In the blue and violet. Its light appears
to be strictly continuous, though a few ex
tremely broad bands exist. This is very un-;
usual in the case of a new star.
. Additional observations for various purposes
have been secured with the other Instruments
of the observatory, but their results will not
bo known for many weeks. . •
Some twenty new stars have been discovered
and recorded since the Christian ¦ era. The
present one Is the brightest since thoee found
by Tycho, Brshe and Kepler about the year
1600. There, are perhaps no celestial objects
which are of greater interest to astronomers
than these new stars. Their study Is . very
Important in that they throw light on ques
tions concerning the origin of the stars and
their relations to one another.
This new star can be seen by all in the
MANILA. Feb. 24.— There are unverified ru
mors in circulation here that General Torres
has surrendered. *•.'» ;
John "Wolsely. S20 Shotwell street, was
arrested last night by Officers Casey and
Clew and booked at the Seventeenth
street police station on a charge of as
sault to murder. His wife Mary is the
complaining witness. Wolsely Is a sea
faring man and the couple, have been
married five months. They had a dispute
about domestic economy last night. The
husband seized a carving knife, the wom
an grabbed it and then the husband pulled
It through her hand, she says, nearly
severing the fingers. Her injuries wer«
dressed at the City and County Hospital.
Husband Cuts His Wife.
TOPEKA. Kans., Feb. 24.-Senators
Noftzger and Smith. Republican floor
leaders, have drafted a concurrent reso
lution providing for the final adjourn
ment of the Legislature. The resolution,
which will be introduced to-morrow, re
fers to the President as William I. for
merly William McKlnley. who Is to b«
crowned Emperor of the £nlted States.
Porto Rico and Ha-wall and Kins of tha
Philippine Islands aitf Alaska, etc. It
That we as'ure His Most
Gracious Majesty hereby that a" acts ana
resolutions of this Legislature are subject
to his royal will to approve or set aside
as to him seemeth best, and we, his loyal
subjects, do hereby desire to testify our
loyalty to His Most Gracious Majesty.
William I."
XBTV TORK. Feb. 24.— James J. Cor
bett made his debut on the vaudeville
stage this afternoon at a performance
given by the White Rats at the Academy
of Music. It was not his first appearance*
on the vaudeville stage, for on Saturday
night, accompanied by many of hU
friends, he Journeyed to South Norfolk.
Conn., to "try hla act on the dog. He
chose for hla debut a comparatively short
monologue. This he had apparently
learned verbatim, and there was every
indication that he had studied long and
hard to master the most authoritative
pronunciations of some of the unusual
words which were Included In his effort.
It was chiefly stories of himself, from
the time he met Sullivan to Carson City.
To-night Corbett was remarkably free
from nervousness. Indeed, he seemed to
enjoy the situation, and the few guyln<
remarks that were hurled at him from tne
gallery he treated either good naturedly
or with disdain.
STYLE THE PRESIDENT
EMPEROR WILLTAM X
to the Time of the Carson
Fight.
Relates Incidents in His Career Up
JAMES J. CORBETTS
DZBXTT IN VATJDEVTI.IX
lot on northwest comer of Polk and Jackson j
streets, $3S,000; estate of Martin Prag to Isa- ;
bella Frag, lot on south line of Clay street, 60
feet eaat from Front, 2vx64:6, and lot on north
line of Filbert street, 160:3 east from Taylor,
46x120, irregular shaped piece, $14,000: Callaghan i
Estate Company to Albert Meyer, lot on south- i
west corner of Seventeenth avenue and H
¦treat, 240xf-0O, $25,000; Nathaniel T. Coulson to
Edwin Fretwell, lot on northwest corner Oc
tavla and Chestnut streets, $20,000; George S.
Wright to M. J. Feeley. lot on north line of
Pacific avenue, 100 feet west from Flllmore,
24:6x137:6. J1S.0O0: Kdwud B. Jennings to Mil
ton S. Eisner, lot on west line of Flllmore
street, ,87:6 feet south from California, 60x103:6,
$16,000; Josephine Drugulre to John Finn, lot on
west corner of Harrison and Second streets,
137:<!xl50, $15,000; O. T). Baldwin to Albert Mor-
Benittern, lot on southeast corner of Scott ami
Sacramento streets, 76x£l:3, $20,500; Philip Wolf
to J. S. Morgan & Sons, lot on southwest line
of Second street, 70 feet southeast from* Mis
flon. 80x77:6, $17/900 : A. Aronson to E. K.
Clarke, lot on southeast corner of Post and
Jones streets, 70x60, $1)0,000; Alfred Olsen to
Nils A. Andrccn, lot on southwest corner of
Hill and Xce streets, »x2«:6, $4000.
The more important loans of the week
were as follows:
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to A.
Aronson. $20,000, on the southeast corner of
Post and Jones; German Savings and Loan So
ciety to Claudina and Albert S. Wohlber*,
$11,000, on the northeast corner of Broadway
and Laguna. and the west line of Laruna, 100
feet south from Pine, 25x137:6; Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan {society to John II. 'and Lotta
Bohllg, $10,000, on the north line of Post street.
90 feet west from Buchanan. 75x137:6; Mutual
Savings Bank to Henry E- Bothtn. $25,000, on
the northeast line of Second street, 25 feet
northwest from Natoma, 50x75, and northwest
line of Natoma, 75 feet northeast from Second,
20x75; Humboldt Savings and Loan Society to
Charles W. Haufe, $11,000, on north line of Mc-
Allister. 112:6 west from Webster. 50x137:6: Ger
man Havings and Loan Society to Milton £.
Eisner, $10,000, on the west line of Fill
more, 87:6 south from California, 60x103 :01%.
The releases of the week were all small.
A. and Amelia Aronson have leased to
Charles and Rosalie Remlet the upper
floors of their building on the north line of
Geary street, C2 feet east from Jones, for
?000 per month for ten year, or {72,000 for
the term.' '
The Plerce-Rodolph Storage Company
will erect a three-story brick building on
the north line of Eddy street, 100 feet east
from Fillrnore.-to cost $20,607.
The National Ice Company's new build
ing, to stand on the northwest corner of
Alabama and Rhode Island streets, will
be of brick, a three-story structure, to
cost $19,&S5.
Henry B. Bothin has awarded the con
tract for mill and stair work, glass, glaz
ing, hardware, painting, electric work,
etc.. for his three-story building on the
northeast corner of Brannan street and
Boardman place, for ?€200.
The construction of the Mutual Savings
Bank building will begin on inauguration
day.
Samuel G". Murphy will erect a $15,000
residence on the northwest corner of Pa
cific avenue and Broderick street. '
Henry Felze has bought the property on
the west line of Capp street, south from
Twenty-fifth, from the Comerford estate.
On this he will build six Hats, to cost $12,
000.
The Los Angelos Herald says that a dis
tinctive feature of the real estate business
in Los Angeles is the groat demand fcr
rental property. At no time within five
years have there been so few vacant
houses or so brisk a demand for them.
There is a tendency in Los Angeles, as in
this city, toward an advance of rents.
The Stockton Real Estate Dealers' As
sociation made the first move to pet some
advantage- from the Eastern immigration
by namlner a committee to try to get ex
cursion rates from j other places In the
State. A committee was also appointed to
meet the trains coming in from the East
and place reading matter thereon relative
to Stockton and San Joaquln County.
Reading matter concerning Stockton will
aiso be sent to points In the East for
distribution. An effort will be marie to
remove billboards and other unsightly ob-
Jfcts from the city.
- Easton. Eldrldge & Co. will auction real
estate next Tuesday. The- offerings hav«j
been already described.
O. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold an auc
tion on Monday, March 4. The parcels
embrace lots and houses, in nearly all por
tions of the city.
bitts to Adam Andrew, northwest corner of
Jackeon and Washington streets, one-half of
CO-vars., €8:9x137:6, for J15.OC0; estate of Adolph
flctro to Korbel & Bros., southeast corner of
Battery and Jackson streets,, three-quarters of
a 50-vara. fcr $25,000; lot and three flats on the
souxh line of Pacific avenue. 1S7:S feet west
from. Gough street. 34:4V4xl37:S, Nippert to
lluckbee, for $10,000; Ncs. 3320 and 3322 Sacra
tt:er.to street, the improvements being two
houses, for $6300; Lati to Taylor, north line of
<!a.y, 177:6 east from Maple. 70x127 :8tt, Heyman
to .Tackson. for $7175; 709 Ashbury street, 25x
1CC:3. *87o0. Hohfeld to Buckingham.
i The Burnham & Marsh Company report
;tho sale of the three-story hotel on the
southeast corner of Minna and Third
I streets for George C. Tryon to Dr. Rauske
fcr $12,500; also the lot 28x98, on the south
west corner of Central avenue and Sac
ramento street, with three-story flat, for
f Josephine Delmar to Mark Sheldon for
[jlO.500.
The Laymanee Real Estate Company
reports the folio wing sales across the bay:
[I For A. P. Hclland to L. TV. Brubeck, seven-
I «>-four-acre tract adjoining New Broadway,
Jiotween the Livermore and Alnsworth man
flons. consideration $30,000: for Jam*s McElroy
,tj IV. L.. Chapman, lot 100x103 and improve
ments on the neortheaet corner of Webeter
and Fourteenth streets, J14.000; William Walsh
to X. F. Clark, two flats east side Market
street, SO feet of Fifteenth, lot !6xlO7; Jane
Kelley to George Sterling, lot 29. block B,
Fairrtew' Tract, Piedmont; A. W. Whlttall to
W. H. Bummerford, cottage and lot 2Sx~5 on
the east side of Alice street, V) feet south
of Sixth; for S. Welll to A. Anrentl, two slx
rocm cott&ges and lot 50x100 on the west 6ido
<>f Market street, 40 feet north of Fourteenth;
3. W. .Kendall to 3. W. Crider. nine-room resi
dence and lot 35x170 on the south elde cf Thir
ty-third street, 2S4 feet east cf Grove; for O.
8. Smith to Luther Oeborne, eight-room resi
dence and lot 50x150. west side of Ninth avenue,
luO feet north of East Eighteenth street; for
II. C. Morris to A. K. Munson, lot £.0*1."/) on
the west fide of Summit street, 110 feet north
of Orchard; for. 8. Welll to C. Ksnnedy, lot
40x100 on the west side of Market street, 90
feet north of Fourteenth; for F. E. Munson to
George A. Gray, lot 34x124 on the south side
of Carrlson street. K8 feet east of llabel; fcr
A. D. Prysl to Slary Cardozo. cottage and lot
31x115 on the south side of Filth- street, 100
feet west of Chester; for Stephen Watts to
C. H. M. Verwoert, ten-rorn residence and
lot 80x120 on the east side of Vernon street,
4r>0 feet north of Perkins; also to tame buyer,
lot COxliCi on the west side of Adams etreet,
i00 feet ncrth of Perkins; for B. Lyons, store,
Sat and cottage with lot £0x75 on the south
wen corner of Clay and Fourth streets; I. C.
Lewis to H. F. Ayers, tvro flats and lot 34x100
on the. east side of San Pablo avenue, 40 feet
nonh of Thirty-sixth street; for W. W. Crane
to James C. Eagles, eight-room residence and
let 50x125 on the west side of Thirteenth ave
nue, 100 feet north of East Twenty-fourth
street.
Marked changes are taking place in
Southern Heights. . or Potrero District.
The Real Estate and Development Com
pany are the owners of nearly 1000 lots
in this district. In order to Improve the
values of their property they are spend
ing and have spent thousands of dollax3
in street work and grading. Healizing
that there is a constant demand for homes
for the mechanics employed by the Union
Iron Works ajid other manufacturing in
dustries in the vicinity of their land,' the
company has caused to be rrecttfl twelve
houses. The Dlan is to pell the Jots at
reasonable prices and to sell the houses
on easr terms at actual cost to the com
pany. The following sales have been made
within the last few days by Lyon & Hoag.
agents, and in most cases before the
houses were finished: IS\:~?
To O. F. McGrccvy, lot and Improvements,
confiEting of 5-room cottagre west side of Mis
souri «t.. 175 feet couth fr.Jii Nineteenth, lot
2SxlCO. J2S50: to Patrick J. Ittean, lot on the
¦went side of Missouri street. 50 feet north from
¦ Nineteenth, north 25x100, J1000. on which im
provements to cost I15(K> will be placed on the
/property at once; to Julia Judge, Jot and im
provements, consisting of nine-room dwelling
house on east side of Texas street, 25 feet
south from Eighteenth, south 23x100. $3600; to
A. W. Gunn and A. A. S. Gunn. lot and im
provements, consisting of seven-room dwelling
house, west side of Missouri street, 75 feet
south from Eighteenth, south 25x100: to John
Btrehl. lot -and improvements, consisting of
sljf-rcom dwelling house, west line of Missouri
fltreot, 100 feet routh from Eighteenth; south
23x100, $2350; to Ulchard and Minnie Pture, lot
and Improvement*, eonelsting of live-room
dwelling houpe. weet line 'of Missouri street.
125 feet south from Eighteenth, south 35x100;
to M. Anderson, lot and Improvements con
el«?tlng of six-room dwelling house, west- line
of Missouri street. 75 feet south from Nine
teenth, nouth aSxlOO.- {2950; to M. Benson, lot
and Improvements, consisting of »lx-room
dwelling house, west line of Mlssou.M street,
55 feet south from Eighteenth, south 23x100,
f!950; to E. P. Jennings, lot on west line of
.M'.soourl street, 25 feet south from Eighteenth,
south 21x100, $1000. on which Improvements
will be erected thereon at a cost of about $2710
additional.
Some representative sales recorded .dur
ing the last week are as follows:
8&vlngt and Loan Hcclety to H. E. Bothln,
MOVEMENT OF THE REALTY MARKET IN SAN FRANCISCO
er," exclaimed both the proud parents in
one voice.
"Why, if I lay down a 6moklng cigar
he puts It out," said the father.
"If one of the children lights a piece of
paper in the stove the baby puts It out,"
chimed in the mother.
Heredity perhaps may have something
to do with his antipathy to fire. His
father has distinguished himself on many
an occasion by feats of daring at fires
and has been frequently. commended for
his bravery. Perhaps some time baby
Emanuel Thoney will proudly display on
his breast a gold medal won in the effort
to save human life.
"Baby no playing with water; May on
fire," came back the answer in a childish
treble from the kitchen.
Mrs. Thoney and her sruests rushed into
the room and found that "Baby Eman
uel" had acted with rare presence of
mind. A hole at least six inches in cir
cumference had been burned in the dress
of May, and all her apparel was drenched.
Emanuel had fought and conquered the
fire. When the family realized the nar
row escape from danger of their daughter
and the valiant efforts of* the baby his
praises were sounded from one end of the
Mission to the other.
"That boy is a. natural-born fire-flgl.t-
TWO-YEAR-OLD FIREFIGHTER EMANUEL BERTRAM THONEY EX
TINGUISHES A BLAZE IN THE CLOTHING OF HIS EIGHT-YEAR
OLD SISTER WHILE SHE LAY ASLEEP BEFORE A STOVE.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 24.-The body of a
woman whoso identity is shroud
ed In mystery lies on a slab In tho
Branch Morgue. Not a vestlse of
a clew which might help to di
vulge her name or family was found
among her effects. The woman died yes
terday afternoon at the hospital conduct
ed by Dr. Emile Funcke- Wagner, at 1418
Eighth street, shortly after the birth of
her child.
According to' Dr. Funcke-Wagner"s
.statement the unfortunate woman came
to the hospital on February 15. She gave
the name of Alice McKensy and her ad
dress as East Oakland, though the direc
tory does not contain the name of such a
person. ..'..In the course of her residence
at Dr. Funcke- Wagner's ine woman said
that she had been deceived bv some man
whose name she did not mention. She.
had no visitors.
Dr. C. M. Selfridge was summoned from
Oakland yesterday afternoon to attend the
woman. He did not arrive, however, until
she had been dead an hour. The new-born
child was also dead. Mother and babe
were then removed to the Morgue, the
physician refusing to sign the death cer
tificate until after an investigation.
Nothing of value was found among the
woman's effects. Her belongings cor-slstej
principally of a lot of feminine trinkets,
and Included a powder-box, a rosary .cos
metics, spectacles, chewing gum and a
pamphlet. ' The pamphlet had Drlnted on
the cover "Holy Way of the Cross." and
was issued by the Calvarlan Society of
San Francisco. Between its leaves was
found a card containing the name "Mi<;.
G. G. Laws," written with a pen anJ
without any address. .
The clothing was of the very cheapest.
the best piece belnp n ' .cKet of blue che
viot. There was a sr-ial! cape of black
fur. Another jacket "was fawn color with
a blue lining'. A pair of tan crlovea were
badly worn. The olain. brown felt hit
was encircled with a scarf oi light-blue
silk. ,
The underclothlntr was made r>t cotton
flannel. The stocklngrs were black an-J
there was only the one pair. On cne of
these stockings is the only semblance of
a mark that could be used as a clew. It
is a "D" or "O" stitch-id in red at the top
A minute examination of the clothinjr
failed to show any laundry or other mark*
other than the one oh the stocking. The
dead woman evidently took every precau
tion to hide her identity. While she waj
able to do so nt the hospital she washed
whatever thinss she needed herself. There,
are holes In parts of the clothing: whie*i
indicate that she cut out all marks thnt
may have been put in by the laundries.
It was not because tho woman lacked
money' that she did the washing herself,
as Dr. Funoke-Wafnier s»ays that she pa-d
her right alor? for her board and lodg
lntr and attendance.
The woman was about GO yearn of aere.
She was tall, beinsr five feet four Inches in
height. The features are sham and angu
lar and the skin shows the rssult of th*
too constant use of cosmetlcn. The hatr
is of a rich auburn color and there is a
wealth of it. The hands are daiptv and
slender and grlve no evidence tha.t they
were accustomed to hard work. It In be
lieved that the woman .was a dressmaker.
An autopsy was performed hy Dr. C. L.
Tisdale this evening. He found that death
had resulted from natural causes. Thi*
time for holding the ino/uest has net yet
been set.
Mrs. George G. Laws formerly lived at
72 Pond street, this city, but moved from
that address last January.
LICK OBSERVERS SEE A NEW STAR.
YOUNG WOMAN WHO DIED IN AN ALAMEDA HOSPITAL AFTER
GIVING BIRTH TO A CHILD, LEAVING NO CLEW THAT WOULD
LEAD TO ESTABLISHING HER IDENTITY.
HEBOES are. born, but circum
stances bringr to light their
heroic traits. Little Emanuel
Bertram Thoney, son of the
driver of truck 7 of the local Fire
l^epartment, although only in the fifth
month of his third year, gives promise
< f belrg some day numbered among thof»e
¦whose names axe Inscribed on the roll of
honor for darinsr deeds done,
Esmmuel Thoney Is a curly headed little
chap, most picturesque In appearance In
his every-day clothes. He Is a fir© fighter.
He knows danger when he scents it, and
he pave an instance of this fearlessness
tlziA presence of mind that would redound
to the credit of man/ of his seniors, a
cay or two ago.
The Thoney family lives In a modest
home at S0S4 Seventeenth street, a few
steps from the engine house In. -which
truck 7 Is Etatloned. Some days ago the
children were Eick. Mrs. Thoney and a
number of neighbors who were calling on
her mere seated In the parlor. May, the
clg-ht-year-old daughter, was hi the
kitchen, Bitting by a wood-burning etove.
To her care was consigned baby Eman
vel. but zs It turned out he cared for his
t-ister.
The sputtering wood fire threw a spark
upon the little woolen akirt the girl wore.
The smoldering smeil of smoke quickly
roused the little, fellow to action. Grab
1 ir.gr a child's chair he went to the sink,
ctinDed up, filled a cup with water, and
pattering quickly from the sink across
.t!:o re cm to where his sister was sleep
.-ir.g. ir.nocent cf her dangef. he dashed the
water agrair.et her burning frock. He went
lack cjram and again with cups of water,
it. 1 railir-g loudly to his sister woke her
"Baby, stop playing with the water,"
calleti the mother.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 24.—
Preslndent David Starr Jordan was in
terviewed this- evening concerning the re
port of the Eastern economists as to th*
merits of the dismissal of Professor Rom
from Stanford University last November.
He said:
"The statement of Messrs. Sellsrman.
Farnam and Gardner Is not. ta might b«
Inferred from the ne-wspapers, the report
of an authorized committee of the Ameri
can Economic Association. If we are cor
rectly informed, this body declined to ap
point a committee of investigation. Thes«
three gentlemen form a self-constituted
committee, or represent only a minority
of this association.
•The facts at their disposal were none
other than tho3e already made public By
Professor Ross and his friends, and the
attitude they hold in regard to these mat
ters is evidently that of partisans. It
may be regretted that they did nst see nt
to publish the letters which they obtained
from the president and the committee at
Stanford." . , ., „
The following is the last communication
cent by the president and states the cnleC
essential facts In the whole affair:
Office ot the President Lefand Stanford Junior
UnlVer8 STANFORD. UNIVERSITY, CaL .
February 7. 1901.
Professors Edwin R. A. Sellpnan. Henry
W Farnam, Henry B. Gardner* Columbia Lnl
verslty. New" York— Gentlemen: Your letter oc
January 3D 1» at hand, asking further Infor
mation as to the reasons for the dismissal or
Professor Roes. When I expressed my w »"
intness to answer further questions I did not
mean to Indicate that I would enter Into any
circumstantial description of events leading to
or following from Professor Ross 1 dismissal.
Nor do I consider It expedient or proper to go
Into a discussion of extracts from my letters
or conversations, or of my statements or ai
l»K*d ftatrmtnts. or those of others, as pub
lished in the newspapers. There are how
?v*r, certain assurances which It Is within the
privilege of the public to ask. and which It
Is my desire to furnish, that the public may
be unsized In formlns a Judgment as to the
position of the university upon important cciues
tlor.s. It seems to me that I shall answer
these questions best by certain plain state
ments which Involve the Important facts con
cerning the position of the university.
It will be necessary for you to assume my
knowledge of all the facts, also that the Inter
pretation herewith presented is authoritative
from the university standpoint.
First-rrofessor Ross was not dismissed on
account of his views on Oriental Immigration
nor on account of his opinions on any econom-
Ross was dismissed be
cause In the Judgment of the university au
thorities he was not the proper man for tne
r Yace "he held. The responsibility for the cor
rectness of this Judgment belongs to tne uni
versity authorities and to them alone.
" Third— No ground exists for any interpreta
tion of his dismissal reflecting on his private
character, of which your letter seeraa to Im-
Pl Fourth-The Judgment that Professor Kom
was not the proper man for the place he?"*
Is not incompatible with my appreciation of
many good qualities he possesses nor with my
wish's or efforts at any time to further hla
prospects. 1 have been neither Ignorant of his
profe!>Mt>nal shortcomings nor inappreclatlve of
his Kood qualities. Ot such appreciation Pro
fessor Rosa has himself adduced several ex
pressions from my letters.
In the hope that you may find In the above
a substantial answer to .the questions Involve.!
in your Inquiries." 1 remain, very truly yours,
in your inn g JORr>AN> President.
Refers to the Last Communication
Ssnt by Him Giving His Rea
sons for Removing tho
Professor. . A\}£i
Says the Ross Investigating
Committee Was' Self-
Appointed.
JORDAN'S SIDE
OF THE CASE
Falling Asleep Near a Stove Her Clothes Take Fire,
but Infant Extinguishes Blaze.
Wofnan Dies in a Hospital and Leaves No
Clew That Would Disclose Her Name.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WARRING CHINESE WILL
RESORT TO ARBITRATION
Kansas City Official to Adjudicate
Differences Over Gambling
Revenues.
PEKING. Feb. 24.— In addition to the
decree ordering the punishment of digni
taries who were Implicated in the anti
foreign rising the Dowager 1 Empress is
sued another decree., which 13. satisfac
tory to the .Ministers, ordering that there
bo posted throughout the empire notices
of suspension of civil service examina
tions wherever Christians are not pro
tected by the officials. The only ques
tions now remaining for settlement are
those relating to indemnities and the
withdrawal of the military. Full credit
must be given to Field Marshal Count
von "Waldersee for bringing about the "
present promising condition of affairs.
No matter how distasteful his methods
have been to people who do not approve
of the mailed fist policy it is that policy
that has sent the Chinese Government to
its knees and brought about compliahce
with the demands of the powers as pre
sented through the Ministers.
It is presumed that the suicides ana
executions ordered in the edict of the
Dowager Empress occurred to-day. Hsu
Chang Yu ana Klh Siu, two officials who
are prisoners in the hands of the Japan
ese, and who are included in the punish
ment edict, will be executed on Tuesday.
The delay In putting them to death -is
not due to the Chinese. .
I The- question of indemnities is bound
to be long drawn out. Judging from re
cent developments your correspondent is
warranted in stating there is ittle like
lihood of the total demand coming within
$800,000,000 i which Sir Robert Hart, di
rector of . imperial maritime customs,
savs China can pay. Almost without ex
ception It has been the policy of differ
ent foreign i governments to pile up ex
penses. "Spare nothing. China will have
to pay." is one of the commonest expres
sions heard here.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 24.— Sam
Moy Mayor of Chicago's Chinatown, who
came here recently to iron out difficulties
existing between the local Chinese fac
tions has found the task beyond his di
plomacy and has called in City Attorney
Frank Gordon as arbitrator. Botn fac
tions have agreed to abide by the decision
of Mr. Gordon, and the final hearing is
scheduled for to-morrow. An agreement
has been reached touching certain phases I
of the situation. Dr. Wong Song, against
whom one faction has been warring, Is to
leave Kansas City. That Is agreed upon
by both factions. Fantan games are to
I be taxed and lottery games will pay
; tribute for the support or the 1 Chinese
! Masonic Society. The problem yet to be
! solved involves the method of collection.
Twenty-five cents Is to be collected from i
the winner of each game of fantan. and;
1CP cents is the contribution levied for each
lottery drawing. But the contention
comes in the selection of the person who
is to receive and handlo the money for
the society— who Is to be the go-between
between the gamblers and the officers of
the society. This is the question Mr. Gor-.
don Is to solve to-morrow, and its solu
tion promises to be attended by many
difficulties. Heretofore the Chinese have
fought one another through the police
courts, causing endless 'wrangle. The
' police are wining to ¦ let the Chinese
alone if the Chinese cease to bother them.
! f , »¦¦'""' •¦•'... r.-
SAYS CONGER IS RECALLED.
Peking Correspondent Declares Min
ister Is Not on Leave.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The Journal has
this from Peking: It i? Wrnad from re
liable sources that Minister Conger has
been recalled and Is not leaving his post
on a three months' furlough, as reported
from Washington and given out here.
Tho Journal's Washington special says:
While It has been officially announced
that Minister Conger Is coming home os
tensibly on a three months' furlough, it
is understood that the leave is no doubt
practically a resignation, growing out of
differences between the Minister and the
Government, and that Mr. Conger will
not return to China. This has not been
confirmed officially.
EMPRESS MEETS
POWERS' DEMAND
Now Issues a Decree for
. the Protection of
Christians.
? ¦
Punishment Probably Has Already
Been Meted to Guilty Chinese
Princes -and High Dig
nitaries.
BABY THONEY SAVES SISTER
FROM POSSIBLE CREMATION
CARRIES SECRET OF HER
IDENTITY TO THE GRAVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1901.
THE LATE "W. P. 8OLT9.
WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND
.IN LAKE -MERRITT.'' '
7
Flatulency, sourness/ bad taste, loss of V My stomach was so weak that I could
appetite, a sense of weight or fullness after eat only the lightest food and that caused
eating, together with uneasiness, impa- me great distress. In spite of the best
tience, irritability of temper, nervousness, physicians here and in Chicago I grew
anxiety, lost energy, depression of spirits, worse until I was confined in bed. where I
sick headache, bad dreams and Bleepless- remained eighteen months. I began to
ness, come from weak and debilitated improve with the first bottle of Dr. Miles'-
nerves. That kind of nerves have to be Nervine and grew steadily stronger until I
braced up, strengthened, invigorated and was welL My weight increased from 90
lualped if you would have a sound stomach, to 160 pounds." Mrs. H. C. Jones, .
a keen atJDetite and a cheerful mind. Kentland, Ind»
Brings /back appttite, stimulates digestion, gives refreshing sleep to the tired? Drain, nealfly
ful vitality to the nerve centers, and tones up the whole system.
SoM bv all dtvzsdste on a flrairantce* Tk. Mites MecJlcal Co., tffit&aft. Ia&
725 Market et.. S. F. iShattuck av., Berkeley.
»:h & Wai'h'n, OaJc I Central av.. Alaxneda.
Tth & Wood, Oakland. It* 6. 1st «L. Ean Joie.
S17 Washington St., Oakland.
'it " *
I : Fancy Creamery Butter
|! Tour Kteetloa froa Square 33C
1 ¦<'» the finest creameries la
|!;« Huisboldt County and Point Reyes.
K -Choice Dairy Butter
I Cheap enough Square 22 1-2C
<V even for cooking.
il Strictly Fresh Ranch Eggs
.'# Guaranteed. Anrcn t -r
« Monday, QOZen I^C
\l> Van Camp's Soups
l\ 13 varieties .5 r» anc o -«
*S - Dozen S5c. 3 Cans 2 2 C
Jr Java and Mocha Coffee :
L| Straight blend. P<> Un <} '
tl Our" usual hlffh rrafie Quality. J>
¦ ". ii ~ 'Monday and Tuesday. «
• z Cube Susrar 16 pounds Si
;. x "ErreckeU.
I Golden Crescent Whiskey
' I DI,tm,ry b*tUn*. b ° ttle
" ii Covinjrton Club Di«tl!lery.
„ ?> ; Ix>uisvlllf>, Ky.
"•21 R'K- W»c
H Monogram Whiskey
f full quart 95c
i L&r.r.&han & Sors,
5 "Baltimore.
I Cabernet Wine* gallon 60c
5$ IyO» Cerritos Vineyard.
<v Ii'ijrh^t type table wine
2Z of California made winea.
J< ' I'.**. JLO0.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1901.
8
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner -of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night la the year. »
BIt>NCH OFFICES— 6:7 Montgomery street,
corner Cay; oj>en until 9:35 p. m.
jno Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
633 McAllister street; open until 9:J3 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
1S4J Misrion etrcet; open until 10 p. m.
_C1 Market >tre<-t, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.ti! $ p. m. •
1M Eleventh street: open until ? p. m. %
JC?6 Valencia. Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
Kortbjrest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 8 p. rn.
. ¦ M_UTI.\G .NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. IS. jk.
" K. T., Golden Gate building. 65 Sut- 'tfr
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- ftj
ING. at 8 o'clock. The order of the %V
Tt-mple will -be conferred. All fraters ' r
fcre courteously invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FRANnsrO Chapter No. 1. Royal __,
Arch Maeons, meets THIS EVENING. TCJf
r**>srees « and 5. ' ~ *
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. _. F. and A. ¦
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _%_
7 30 o'clock. TMr.i IVgr»e. Ma«t«r lZ JF
Masons cordially invited. By order of / V >
the W. M. •
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. I
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore JL
Ft. !i'-twffr, P,-j«h s.ni Sutter— Secor.d tf _#
degree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. «W>
HARRY BAEHB, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O.
O. r.— The offtce<-* and the fu- -=_5_E_*Xg
r.eral committee cf the above SsajPSSr
r.amed lodge are hereby notified '*w* w '
to assemble" at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Market and Seventh sts.. on MONDAT. Feb-
ruary t\ 1901, at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother HENRY
STOEVER. By order of the N. O.
CHAS. QUAST, Financial Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedcres' Union Association
__ held their meeting MONDAY EVENING.
February 25. at Firemen's Hall, 40 Steuart
Et., at 7:30 o'clock eharp.
A. CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM, ilec Sec.
SRI'SKO J»>din»too Benevolent Society will
hold regular meeting MONDAY. February
Z. 1901. at 8 o'clock Fharp at 909 Market st.
All members art> requested to be present.
M. LJUP.IBRATICH. President.
A. V. SPELETAK. Secretary.
AXM'AL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
tr? of the stockholders of the Honolulu
Plantation Company will he held at the of-
fr* of the coir.pany. S!7 Market St.. San
Francliro. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. February
JT. :&C.l. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to rer*> for the er.s'jlng year and the trans-
action of tuch other business as may come
tefore the meeting. Transfer book* will close
on Saturday, February 16. 1901. at 11
o'clock in. E. II. PHET.DOX. Secretary.
AGH.VTfe WASTEO.
THE Rio Michol Rubber Company of -San
Frsr.rlyro. Cal.. wants Intelligent men to act
»s its aper.ts throughout the United States;
mest be tr.en cf. character, address and push.
The compar.y owns large properties, ".s oui of
debt and in a thoroughly sound and flourish-
ing condition. It has a considerable acreage
*:re«u!y planted to rubber and has a large
forre of men constantly at work. It offers
for sa'.e- a limited number of interest bearing
r-rA Installment certificates. A comparatively
Ftnnll amnunt Invested now ttI'.I rrodu?« large
and steadily increasing Income In ?ear future.
The corporation invites closest Investigation.
AeTit? end interested persons apply Rio Mi-
chel Rubber Co...r. 63-65. Crocker bldg., S. F.
WANTED— Agents in «very county in the State
of Cal.. Nevada & Oregon: flrst-clafs goods
puarnnteed. For particulars address G. "W.
ZINN & CO.. 1619 Q ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
AGENTS wanted throughout the State to sell
shares rn ccmmlsslin. Address, with refer-
er.cex. THE ARQYLE OIL COMPANY. £03
California st.. room 300. S. F.
TTANTED— O^M country solicited*. Monterey
Central Oil Co.. rocm.4.TS. Examiner building.
FOI-ICITORS wr.nted: good pay: permanent.
Arply 12 to 1, room 319. Parrott building.
AGKNT in every town for "Life cf Que?n Vlc-
trrln." CpI. Pub. Co.. P?7 Market, r. 70S. S. F.
ATTOKXKYS AT _A\V.
R. V.-. KING. 527 Market et.. €th floor, room <£7
— Estate*. d3rr._pcs. attachments, bankruptcy,
e^llectionF: all cases: fair fee; no advance
charges: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
ro fee without success; collections. O. W.
. HOWE, atty ct law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
j. II. MoKXJGHT, collections: damages: es-
tute*: minin«: open even. £92 Parrott bldg.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
fpe^alty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; ULBedWU,
ADVICE free: n<j charge unless successful. W.
t~. DAVIDSON. 9?7 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. P CLA.RK. Emma Snreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
Asrnvi.TiH nooFixc.
J. PEI TIER. a?rhalt roofing, siflewalks re-
paired; postal. 11SS Mission: tel. Folscm 1607.
noAiinivc for childre?i.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the
car* of rhild 2 to 4 years, long or ehort
j>rio<i-; terms moderate: fine heme and sunny
yard: object, companion for our own child
C"» y?are. Box 014. Call efflce.
WAN'TKD— Two or three children to board.
good b"me «r,d mother's care. Box 1374, Call:
ltl>IVt:ss CHAXC—S.
A-Wyi; PORK an4 delicacy store; rent J2 50;
p^d -paving business; very best location;
owner to leave city. 'Call R. G. WILKE.
2G*i Krarry St.
A— NOTION store; established many years;
cirarir.r a.bout ?1."3 per month: location can't
r.» beat: rent $25; clean stock. Inquire R. G.
UILK2. r*' T Kearny ft.
A-^125f<; CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
up and doing a rushing business; located
clow to Powell J'-nd Market sts. Call R G
WILKE. 2<T-4 Kearny et.
A-*:nn; HALF-INTEREST «n first-class pay-
inc restaurant; dally receipts about $60; rent
I7S; retiring partner t o leave for East; a
bargain. Call R. G. "ft'ILKE. 28^ Kearny st.
A-tir/>: CORNER grocery and tear; choicest
pert Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
good ravl'g business; rent f32. Inquire R.
G. WILKE. 2€4 Kesrny st."
A— X7£; SALOON. 2 doors west of Montgomery
r =t.: 3 iivlng n>oms; rent $45; dally receipts
fror.i 115 to V.S; a good paying and clean
, . pls.ee. Call It. G. WILKE. 2€Vi Kearjy st.
A-*~1O: SALESROOM of buggies, surreys.
phaetons. et«., new and second hand; place
• oftaHishcd f years; clearing about J403 per
month: P'-tual value about J4000; investigate.
R. q. WILKE. JSS Kearny st. V
A— GENERAL n<-r<-handis« store about 30 miles
from P. F. : estab. many years and doing a
firft-clas!: paying business; price JtWO; a very
rare chance ?.ni fullest investigation solic-
ited.' Call It. .G. WILKE. K>» Kearny st.
A— JSOO; CORNER butcher shop in northern
r?rt of city: rent $3): horse, cart: telling 4
rattle and shout 15 sheep p«r week; a cash
cu»ton» Call K. G. WILKE.. 2«\± Kearny Et.
KASXON ORITFIN. ~ ~
7n Market, near Call bMg.. tel. Black 1S0I.
Brfinrh !>ak»-»-y: Hears J120 mo.; f, rooms,
fur.; rert. J16: bathroom; yard: part cash..$*00 '
But'.-;-.»r K'.np; 'iai'.y "tales ?S) to $30 400
Cst:i'ij- ptrre; rood business; bargain.
CIg«r stores.- T".o.- VTA. Siooo. %\y#> and r.O
(t\t-x*r ho~se; rlr-rrs f,W mo.; trlul given.... 600
Fa-oor.s. *4.-;0. JJ0C9. f7.V). K50, SJCOO 275
A RrSTAUKANT in wholesale district. $*75;
c"a!!v «ale» U5: rent 122 M: big snap. M.
ORirriN. 71'j Mr.rJc»t st. near Cail bldg.
A— «UQ*': QBOCKRT and bar; 4 years' lease;
flS per month: $25 to $3j cash sales per day;
.' th» owrer leaving the city; call end Unrestl-
- rat". !::;s-ines* Beard Trade, 226' Pine St.
A-STKADT blacksmith;' *mall capital ; coun-
try ehop; pays JiyK) to $20C3 per year clear 1
the owner retiring- after 17 years; cheap
rert. Busir.e*!, Board Trade, sj? Pine ft.
A— *I7": MILK rrjuto: 3 c>ws. horse and wagon;
pood trade ltu?l,nezs Board Trade, S26 Pine!
PARTM: It rarte.1 In a large, old-established
rmfitr ib— hu'-ires-s. controlling . a good, safe,
rr.lid sr.d reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former m» riser cwner ha* derided to sell
Jin Interest to ati acceptable party; duties wHJ
he »he J;e«.:»ing <>f "accounts and assisting gen-
erally ;T U» manacemer.t of the busineFs;
one a<v"jp«oiv,ed to horses preferred: capital
rr-quirf-.l S5TT.0 to •lO.'.OO: foil value In «icl»t;
I O'iks tind lc!Flne«!i cfien for Investigation. J
W. Dcaaglly &¦ Co.. G2 Market *t.
.AN ur.r-nvej^nt^fi Kirrlfice; Ta-room brick ho-
tr! .-nil furniture: tlolng Immerse first-clans
<fZ a <lay> l-uslneK*: cort an<i worth *i1.(W0;
offered for S16.i'j'i; has rented for ?»}; now
run h»- »iwnT.
N D. SICvELS. the I-and A?<-nt. 6 <;oa r y st.
f2O0 T>O1VN l>'i>» on< of ihe best fitted, cen-
trn!)y lorated rests Mt.ints In the city. DOX-
ALP INVESTMENT CO.. K0 Mf.rkct St.;
t»l. Tavfs Kl.
GOOD paying. ol<J-?stabllphed lursber business;
iwlxjf.itv; sawmill, timber lnnds. yards, lum-
ber rf*ck. tlTkey engine, hors«* tcatns, etc.
H. A r. L COOPER. Nevada Oty, Cal.
ClIICXnN rcrch for tale: ful!r equipped: «"Uy
out'Xrte: —"Cd place fur h^.c*: pl«re to nni.
C. V.J1.MOT. Columbian tullcing.
f PARIS DENTAL PARLORS 1
a- : ¦ ¦ ; : : . *
I PAINLESS /fliliiE^L 235 KEARNY I
J KtWJIolnl T'l T Y oOr. oilSli *
; _^_/ cu*s*- **-«~-*-<-_<-_-«ic/ C-*a_-___ v
A S -r- S- *- _ 6
V ~~-tZZ. _v/-e^-*-c- ec — «»»_— «<^fc- _u_^_x. «-"*T % *.
? __ /__ _O5 v ' ' ¦ ?
<? __ ¦ Sj# _< v
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever in San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS,
The wcrld's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life: he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.:
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the world to-day.
There is no home so dreary or sa<l, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart eo sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet or modern
times- ail long-standing and chronic dlseaseb
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
epeedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits:
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed out: he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble is, he can and will help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught; medlumistic per-
sons developed. 26*4 Kearny et., near Market.
Readings by mall.
• If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; aek six
questions: inclose $1. 9- a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
-eader. born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 EO. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh Bt.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S\j Jessie wl. bet. 5th & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: business-
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
CARl'ET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 3I3-S57 Tehama Bt.; trt. South 40.
i CARPETS cleaned at Jo per yard, laid at 6c.
; STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
; J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating, Co.. 240 Fourteenth ft.; tel. Mieslon 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Ca. 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12R.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalna; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge uv-
ieM successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. '
COTTAGES TO LET.
GUERRERO. 1505 — Cottage 5 rooms, bath and
, stable. Key, at 3323 Mission St.. agent.
SUNNY. 4 roomfc, yard. $10; water free. 6 Rln-
con ave. : key C23 Sscond st. .
TWENTY-FIFTH! 3S33 — Cottage, 3 rooms;
l*.rxe yard; rent $3.
DENTISTS.
A^t^ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar^
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT cf 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and bridsrework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings. 50c; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dghtal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT rrlzes for best crowns, plates, bridges
. and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 29 years'
experience; no students ; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made ovc-r like new; teeth
•from $8 per set: extracting. 60c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on "crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. COc.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
lees- extraction 50c:plates J5 up;phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlcr. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c."
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, th'lrd floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg. j
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SF.T of teeth without plates. DRJ H. oT
• YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST ladles' tailor drosscuttlnq taught free
by Prof. Lowe and wife. Call Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday. 2 to 4 p. m., at room
68. Hotel Argyle, 23« McAllister at. .
KDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 lire scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posi-
tions, secured for gradnates: catalogue. -
EVENING SCHOOL S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market Bt.; individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil pervice coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions.' SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Et. - «
COLLEGE of Fine Forces, 61 North Second st..
San Jose, will begin a 4 weeks', course of
lectures March 5 on. Scientific Sun Healing.
Electricity, Massage. Mental Therapy and
, other Fine Forces. Send for catalojrue to E.
P. BABBITT. M. P.. LL. P.. Dean.
GALLAGHER.-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. I.'.O: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post s~.
H. F.— Bookkeeping," shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, = civil,
electrical and mining engineering, " etc. ; day
and night sessions: new M-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an : accredited preparatory
FChonl for the university, law and> medical
conges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford . professor. Phelan building. •
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, ,rms. 40-45
-Parrott bids.: Individ. Instruction: cataloeue.
A . SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
* college rrsduates:. booltkeeplntr fifeures; short
time.. TARR, exp. acct., 120 Parrott biJs.
1_ HELP ¦ WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS, up-to-date woman wages
good; some work. 13S7 Alice st.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl to (assist in housework and care
of baby. 771 Itddy st. -
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
ln> factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
WANTED— Button sewers at Levt Strauss &
Co.'s, 3C% Fremont st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
H__H WA.NTKU .»¦/. I,K.
AT C R. TlANSEN &Tco7s. " Phone Grant 1S5
....New R. R. work for Nevada and Cal....
100 teamsters. Nevada Free Fare
Tunnelmen. Los Angeles Co Free Fare
MISCELLANEOUS
Millwright, country, $3 SO to $4 a day; gar-
dener. Institution, country. $10 and Sound:
vegetable gardener. $30; 2 Swiss milkers. $30:
farmer, near city. $26 and board; 10 labor-
, ers, city, $1 73 a day
1 HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waffleman, country hotel. $40 ard free fare;
10 waiters, hotels. $25. $*>. $32 SO. and $35: 2
waiters, country hotels, $25; cook and dish-
washer, country hotel. $* and $15; house-
man, hotel. $23: washer, hand laundry, coun-
try hotel. $25: middle-aged head bellman, $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— HEAD laundryman for small country ln-
stltutlcn. $35 and found. C. R. IlANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.
A— BOOKKEEPER and timekeeper for rail-
road contractor's camp; on» who thoroughly
understands keeping commissary accounts
and has good references. C. R, HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED^-Colored ccal miners, married or
single; flrst-class wages; free transportation.
For particulars apply to C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— MURRAY _ READY Phon» Main 5343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
6 farm and orchard hands $20 and $2$
Choreman. private place $25
5 choremen and boys $15 and 120
Dairyman, Sonoma Co $33
3 teamsters, city $173 a day
Hostler, country stable $30
Gardeners. $25 and $30: milkers. $30; 150 wood-
choppers and tlemakers. tools and provisions
furnished; man and wife, private family,
country. »
Cook's assistant for camp $30 and found
Camp .waiter. $30; 6 waiters, city and country
hotels $25 and $30
6 cooki $40 and $50 and $10 and $12 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED „
American orchard hand, steady place, $2S and
found; orchard hand. Tulare County, steady
place, $40; Scandinavian choreman and wife.
$i0 and found; porter, country hotel, $20 and
found; cheesemaker and milk, $33 and found;
milker, nice steady place near city. $25;
waiter, country hotel. $25, fare COc: primers
for orchard. $28 and board: redwood tl» anil
post makers, fare paid. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay St. ______
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 13.
Night clerk, hotel, near city; bell boy. $10.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union
meets TO-NIGHT. 32 O'Farrell St., 3:30
o'clock. I. LESS, Secretary.
JOURNEYMAN, Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. Ill
Turk; tel. Folsom 1533. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Men to drive teams; steady work.
Apply early to GRAY BROS.' stables. Seven-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
ELDERLY man as night watchman for room-
ing-house; small -wages; steady place for
right party. 220 Third Bt
BOOTBLACK wanted, first class, in barber
shop. 239 California st.
P.ELI ABLE young man with little cash: $30
month and board. Apply restaurant, 496 4th.
WHEELWRIGHT wanted at 437 Francisco st.,
between Powell and Mason.
BOY for all-around work iA printing/ office.
• 109 California Bt., room 2L
LUNCH waiter wanted. 21 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK wanted ; barber shop. 213 San-
eome St.; short hours.
BOY --nnted at St. Nicholas Laundry. Seven-
teenth and Folsom sts.
.DISHWASHER wanted. Hotel Repeller. 7»1
. Butter st.
ELD— RLY man for cook at 322 Main st. :
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr shop cheap; must
eelL DECKELMAN BROS.. 1P6 Ellis St.
GET. your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. £62 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
8. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, writs and
speak Enrllsh.- For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. - 40 ElUs
St.. San Francisco, Cal.
ALL MEN— Our catalogue explains how we
teach the trade in two months, saving two
years; mailed free. W» have no 5c shop in
connection with our college. Our chairs and
furniture are all made to order with a view
to cleanliness and convenience. . MOLER'S
Barber College. 635 Clay st. Beware of any
cheap imitations.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman in furniture and carpets; state
references, where last employed. Hiliry ex-
pected and age: applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this information
complete. Address R. F. B.. box 1537. Call.
MESSENGER boy in an office; apply In own
handwriting; state age and give references.
Postofflce box 2048.
PHOTOGRAPHER, good view artist, wanted:
one experienced under skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co.,
Oakland. . __"
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
Remember, no barroom chairs used in this
collece.
WANTED— Reliable and sober German as
-driver on bakery wagon: good salary; only
one with experience need apply. Ill Lar-
kln st. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, stll!
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week,.
TAILORS— Ladles' tailor wanted for country;
must be first class and rapid. Apyiy at
STEIN. SIMON A CO.'S. Market and Second.
WANTED— A strictly flrst-class carriage black-
smith. Apply to A. MEISTER _ SONS CO.,
Sacramento. Cal.
EXPERIENCED solicitor Tor merchandise
store near city; state experience and refer-
ences. Answer box 1834. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable, experienced, clean porter
for restaurant ; must have references. Ill
Larkin tt.
IMMEDIATELY: three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
' ary. Call 59 Columbian building, city.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
va-ced to right party. Call between 8 and
S a. m. at 202 Post ft.
60 TEAMSTERS, steady work. $1 75 and $2 per-
day. Apply 112 Ninth st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. :
PLATEN pressman who can cut stock; state
wages, etc. Box 1SSS, Call office.
SHOEMAKERS wanted to -work or buy ehop.
533 Commercial st.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor;
v.-ages or commission. 1215 Market st.
Carpenters, blacksmiths & green hands whal-
ing cruise on steamer. Herman's. *8 Steuart.
PRESSERS and cleaners. Golden West Clcth-
lng Renovatory. 12 Montgomery st.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 527 Fourteenth
street. .
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard at.
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for sale cheap. Call
Immediately. 334 Sixth St.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands:
¦ all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 23 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 7C3 rooms, 2>c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggne to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WAGON'S.
HANDSOME matched team of carriage horses;.
7 and 9 years old; sound and In excellent
condition: well broken to single and double
harness. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Mont-
gomery st.
40 HORSES for nale: also wagens. busxles;
carte, harness. Grand Arcad? Horse-Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERtNARY College will commenc* Its
2d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. ?»c.. £19 GoM?n Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-t!r«fd road buggy. DR. L
KRAKER. veterinary -dentist. • 16-1 Golden
Gate ave.. cor. Lenvenworth ft.
MUST sell— Pair blick her*-*: will seperate;
single or double. 21 GoUsn Gate ave.
THRRE fast road horses: al?o sorna good
business horrep. at 721 Howard Jt. '
SECOND-HAND busincFs biiggj-; also, a new
jb»«Sgy in the T.-hite. 1370 Turk it",
A— 1M SETS second-hand' harness: wncons.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses, nil Folswjm.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single. *Jso li_-ht
camping wason. for- sale cheap. Z22 Mission.
• EDUCATIONAL.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has^osU
tlons, guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st. '
MINING school of H. Hlraching. 334 Kearny St..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxl va-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mecb.,sur-
vey, a* say. cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
ITALIAN and French lessons, practical meth-
od, by a lady teacher. Address box 2091. Call.
KENT Law School, day and night. 74S McAl-
llster st.; downtown. E29 Parrott building.
PROI*. MERKI. from Paris; violin. mandollnT
guitar: experienced. 100S Mission St.
PIANO .lessons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Box 15SS, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping; grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING in high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON^S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~~
JAPANESE Employment Office and Rouse-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice.' 1125 Sutter, near Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
•A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 37$.
JAPANESE and Chlner-» help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and bouse servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office*
best help. 52« O'Farrell St.. tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. S15 Stockton: Main 518S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4UU O'Farrell st.. tel. East 426.
EMI'LOYMEXT WANTED FEMAL_
,^j -. - n --- .-' \'.,.- SL~
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situa-
tion; best city reference. MISS CULLBN,
225 gutter Bt. .
FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and neam-
Ftrers desires situation; best city reference.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A WIDOW would like a position to take full
charge of child of 1 to 5 years of age; Ala-
meda or Berkeley preferred. MRS. WIL-
LIAMS, 923 Minna St. .
WANTED— Situation as cook and downstairs
work or in small family for general house-
work; g-ooil references. Address MRS. RAY,
f.6 Portola St.. off Waller.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kln'd of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare;
good washer flannels. 35 Fifth, r. 4, upstairs.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl 5 years as
working- housekeeper or plain cook In small
boarding-house; references; wages $12. 744
Howard st. ¦
SITUATION by competent woman; good cook,
good baker; would do housework: kind to
children; country preferred; moderate wages.
Call 141 Hyde St.. near Turk.
•NEAT young girl wants general housework
and plain cooking. Please call at 422 Te-
hama st., above Fifth.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
• dress; $1 10 per day. 605 Minna st ; no post-
als answered.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation; housework
or cooking; private family; wages $25. 109H
Austin ft.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
housework; best references. 3601 Twenty-
rlxth st.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes steady
place In a small family; references given.
Call at 40 Minna st., bet. First and Second.
WOMAN Wishes cooking and assist In house-
work; moderate wages. Call at 7 Van Ness.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day. Call
at 109>4 Austin st., near Polk.
YOUNG lady wishes a. position as manicurist;
barber shop preferred. Address box 1987. Call.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position to do
Hunt housework; best of references. Address
17-HolUs st. ¦¦
REFINED young girl, stranger In San Fran-
cisco, desires a home in a refined family
with motherly woman; will assist with light
duties and act as companion. Box 1840, Call.
FOSITION wanted by middle-aged English
woman as working housekeeper or cook oa
farm; best reference. 913 Fillmore St., - near
McAlHster. \ . ' - .
ELDERLY American woman woMld like light
work in nice family: good home; $10 a month;
city or country. MRS. E. C, 1024 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer de-
sires outside typewriting; rates very reason-
able. Room B3. Oth floor, 916 Market st.
POSITION as a working housekeeper for a
young American woman with a little boy; city
or country. 1525% Mission st.
LADY wishes washing and mending: will go by
the day; $1 35. MRS. J., 26U Ritch st.
WOMAN would like to work by the day; please
call or write. 1C6 Eleventh Bt.. box 24.
SCOTCH woman desires engagements; ladies'
nurse; diploma; specially commended by
medical examiners of Glasgow hospitals. ,317
Natoroa at.. -between Fourth and Fifth.
"WINCH ESTEIi House. 44 Third i-t.. near Mar-
k»t— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' rc " celved at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore Bt.
A' BRANCH offlcefor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' * i-
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Position as barkeeper, night clerk
or. watchman: am single, middle aged, sober,
respectable;- references from Mr. Wilglns.
Cliff House, and other gentlemen. K., 331
Kearny st , room S4. v - ">.>-..•;,
FIRST-CLASS German cock and helper want'
places together in hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house; best references. 212 Natoma St.,
l>.i.»"nn>nt. . S£86g_&$StS
TOUNG man, 18, wants place to work- few
hours morning* nml right for room and
board. J. G. BROW, 737 Mission St. ¦
GOOD rook;: man and wife ..want situation;
Rood all-round cocklnc; city, or country. Box
19. 106 Eleventh st. / - - ;
RESTAURANT man. reliable, with 25 years'
experience, wishes ; position, as manager: or
steward In a restaurant or hotel. Pleasa ad-
jdregs box 1$?2 .Call office. ' ;
A GENTLEMAN of middle nge and of Urge
education deolres a position of trust: best
references. Bex 13S3. Call. .
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
$150— SALOON near Market; I rooms; bargain
this day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777tt Market.
$175 — BRANCH bakery and variety store: three
rooms. McLAUGHLIN. mhi Market st.
$250— CIGAR store; transfer corner; good trade;
rent $10. McLAUGHLIN, 777H Mantet st.
A — J175; RESTAURANT; good place, for. man
and wife; a snap. McLAUGHLIN, 777*4 Mkt.
FOR Rent— Unfurnished; first class; Union
Hotel in Sonoma City; renovated from cel-
lar to garret. Particulars Inquire ALBERT
"WISSEL. 214 California Bt.. 8. F.. or 1474
Ninth St.. corner Chester. Oakland.
A PARTNER wanted who understands real es-
tate and general brokerage business for the
city; a fine opportunity for -the right can
-with email capital. Box 1897, Call orfice.
WANTED— To purchase a whole or half In-
terest In a Saratoga chip manufacturing
" business; state price and amount of business
doing. Address box 19S3, Call office.
FOR sale— Country weekly paper; free of debt;
well located: in pleasantest part of State;
terms easy to right party. Address box 01S,
Call office. ..;.::,-
FOR eale— A steam laundry In .the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from $100 to $110 per
week; no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1C45. Call office.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sal*. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call business office.
TO LEASE from the 1st of March, unfurnished
hotel, broad-gauge station, 8an ItaXael. Ap-
ply owner, 11 Lyon st., San Francisco.
$25.000— PROPERTY, lodging-houses, stores and
furniture goods; lot 4&xM; well rented. Ad-
• dress Owner, box 1982. Call office. w>>>
FOR eal« — A big bargain; cigar stand; fine lo-
cation downtown; dally receipts $15. Box 1975,
Call office.
PARTIES desiring to buy or rent an ark for
the summer will do well to .write to box
1S93, Call.
FOR sale— Small photo gallery across the bay;
good place for lady; piano taken part pay-
ment. Box 1SC2. Call office. '
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; good business:
large stock: fine fixtures; cause sickness. Ad-
dress box 729. Call office.
FOR sale— A baker}', stationery and notion
store, four rooms; rent $20. 106 Eleventh St.
SALOOX and four living ro^pis r»i" sale cheap
at 215 Steuart et.; no agents; call at the place.
WILL rent 14 rooms and sell the furniture for
.$225; $25 per month rent. 417 Harrison St.
FOR eale — Tailor and riresrmaklnsr establish-
ment; good location; city. Box 1S53, Call.
WANTED-Mtlk route in Oakland; about 100
customers. Box 18%, Call office.
WANTED — Partner In good paying brick yard
business. S14 Montgomery st.
ROUTE for sale: 430 papers on the Chronicle.
Inquire at MS Union st.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house; near Sixth
and Market: ?CCO.
FOR sal?— A fish and delicacy store. Address
C. M. W.. 346 Virginia St.. Vallejo.
JJO "WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyone, 821 Market, r. 4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sals.
Apply business office.
WANTED — To buy or lease, a suitable place
for la'undry. Box 1833. Call office.
CANDY and stationery etore. Btock and fix-
tures for sale cheap; no agents. 205 Polk st.
SALOON fixtures, bar. cash register, safe,
etc.. for sale cheap; retiring. 432 Dupont st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office "for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
24-ROOM house on Market st $S50
35-room house: cheap rent 1C*)
7-room flat; best part of city 275
22 rooms; very good; dears $100 $50
17 rooms; near Call office 60O
24 rooms; sure to clear $100 1000
24 rooms j oh. Market st 860
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
M-mnm boarding-house $5500
140-room hotel: clears $500 8500
60-room corner house: clears $350....- 5000
10 rooms: on Eddy St.: clears $?»....„.... 650
10 rooms,; on Taylor st 450
16 rooms; new, elegant furniture 1490
25 rooms: new; elegant: clears $300 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A ~ MARION GRIFFIN. A
719 Market, nr. Call bldg.: Tel. DIack 1803.
10 rooms, full, no work. $175 down $425
R-room flat, ccr.: elegant; bargain: sickness.
12 rooms, rent $40: bay-window corner 400
16 rooms, rent $65: light: clears $63. S00
IS rooms, cor.: new fur.: rent $73 900
22 rooms, rent $35; Income $90 mo 600
26 rooms, cor.; N. Mkt.; gunny side 1500
27 rooms, new velvet <*arpet» ; oak and
cherry fur.: clears $175 a roo.; bargain.
27 rooms. Income ttZb a month: corner.... 1900
• 32 rooms, rent $100; Income $225; full 20"O
35 rooms, central; hard wood: snap 1S0O
43 room*, bonton; cleans $150 mo 2700
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. "We have them all sizes and prices:
$750 — 20 rooms; all one floor; Geary St.; clears
$100; only $250 cash required.
$2M cash for 11-room house; nicely furnished;
good location; balance payments.
Vicont houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as von can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 950
10 rooms. S4M; 10 rooms, quick 350
$S50 buys 14 elegantly furnleshed rooms; all
hair mattresses: best of bedding: clear* »«i '
month: rent only $52 50; big bargain- ". . ,.yy
Iatlon. FISHER & CO.. 1*32 Market -^t.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.
18 rooms; rent $30; jjart cash $1200
20 rooms; ccrfler; rent ?75 1800
?,? rooms; brand new; $1000 cash 2W0
44 rooms; central: part cash 3250
12 rooms: must sell; see It..-. 500
LODGING-HOUSES— Slies and prices to euit
all buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buying call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st.. bet. 6th & 6th.
CALL and *e« our list of bargains In houses;
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28
Sixth st.
FOR eale— $600; lower flat of 9 large sunny fur-
nished rooms and bath: all rented; 3 rooms
pay rent: will keep one for $12 a month;
central. Box 1S85, Call office.
JSCO: BAY-WINDOW house. IS rooms, good fur-
niture: always full; rent ?44; bargain. 834 Fol-
eom st. j ¦'•
$750—26 ROOMS: fine location; 'well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
NICELY furnished 14-room house: cheap rent;
part cash; will exchange. Box 1S63. Call.
__________
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business ;
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
GRAND tost circle at JJ33 Mission St.. be-
tween Seventh and Elpbth, by MRS. SEE-
LY and MR. SWAN; 25c.
MRS. LESTER— Readings, 60c; circle -every eve
ex. Sat., 10c; d^vel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. T.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
EARLE, Taylor Rt., corner EM*— Sittings
dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
MITP. WEST, wonderful medium and healer:
readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer, room 14. SiX Larkln st
C. Mayo-Steers, 112 l ,fc Oak St., trance medium;
readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
„ ____________
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoysnt nnd business medium, permanent-
| ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner building.
' She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
i description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable ndvlee In all affairs of life;
V-c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
1 medium. Is perrrnrently located at 1206 Mar-
(Uet Ft., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2,"»
and 20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed fcy mail: send Mump for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
I MRP. E. PANDERS, the Quaker medium anrl
I jalmirt. teaches mind vibration, the greatest
r-ecret en earth; to buslnens men. untold
j wealth, reunites lovers and brings home ab-
sent hurtuinds. sens or (laughters. Room 2$,
11M Market »t.
I ISMAIL the Egyptian Kypsy, clairvoyant and
t.almlst. permanently located 114S Market, op.
I Cth: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MHP. E. M. DUVAu clairvoyant, business me-
dlum; mining a epecialty. 215 Kearny. r. S-10.
j MMS. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader";
j free tr«* 25c up. 472 Stevenson rt., ccr. Sixth.
j M7S". 2HE-ATU- Trcll-known clairvoyant. water
I rsaaer. ll%5;Crnnsn tr^ken; tel. Howard 1S4C.
V. EMPLOYMBIIT "WANTED—MALE.
SITUATION wanted by practical soapmaker
of *11 kinds of laundry and toilet soaps,
boiled cold process, sand and salt water
soaps; «n take entire charge If necessary.
Address O. N.. 8 Decatur st., 8. F.
AS stenographer and typewriter and general
office assistant by younjr man with 5 years'
general buslm-ss experience; good at figures;
city or" country; moderate salary. Box 1S3S,
YOUNG man wishes situation; good experience
in general office work, soliciting and collect-
- ing: knowledge of bookkeeping: best refer-
ences. J. DANIEL TUKE. "Winchester Hotel.
YOUNG man, 27 years of age. desires situa-
tion; oftlce preferable; can furnish splendid
references. Address J. . M. LESTER. 317
Stockton et. •
BY middle-aged man, as' gardener and work
about gentleman's place at low wages; refer-
ences. Box 1905. Call office.
I AS secretary or bookkeeper, evenings with min-
ing or oil company; first-class references.
Box 1930. Call office. . .
MIDDLE-AGED man, lively and of gt>od
1 habtts, wants place: handy, at any kind of
work. Address H. WICKS. 633 Sacramento t.t.
HOTEL man wants a position -as clerk,
watchman, porter, etc.; country hotel pre-
ferred. Box 2092. Call office. Oakland.
STATIONARY engineer, strictly sober and In-
dustrious. 12 years' experience, wants steady
position; best of references. Box 1S45. Call-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to havo
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson Bt.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate are. ; 5 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN tc CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO LET — Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent- $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. s.
ELEGANT new upper flat; Geary st.. east of
Van Ness; 7 rooms and bath: very sunny:
vacant March 1. Apply MADISON fc BURKE.
NOE, 697. cor. 19th. 1 block from Castro or ISth'
. Bt. cars— Lovely 5-room sunny cor. flat; mod-
ern; $18; water free.
A NEW flat with latest Improvements; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $40. SS2 Pine St., near Taylor.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
MINNA. 741, near . Ninth— Flat of 6 rooms;
rent $11.
SLXTH, 6SCA— Upper flat, 6 rooms, bath, yard;
rear entrance; rent $13.
FOR sale — 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home.. IMS Ellis st. '
PLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FOR Rent— Neatly furnished flat of 6 rooms In
the Western 'Addition to let, reasonable-, to
desirable parties. Particulars at Bee Hive
Shoe Co., 717 Market Bt.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage or lower flat of 4 or 6
rooms; yard; between Sixteenth and Twentl-
eth. Guerrero and Folsom. C M.. 1*30 Polk.
FtlRSITl'RB FOR. SALE.
ONE elegant S-plec« walnut bedroom set.
double bed and fine hair mattress; also one
8-piece bedroom set, single bed, fins mat-
tress. 1196 Treat ave.
« ROOMS furnished In oak $43 B0. with No. 7
rango. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE} WASTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent.1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tei. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1125 Market st. ; tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission «t.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red. 1354.
HELP WANTED FBHALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
MOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, short distance, $20.
2 waitresses, Fresno, $20, fare advanced.
I 2 waitresses, Los Angeles, $20 and free fare.
4 waitresses, Coronado Beach, $20, half fare.
6 waitresses, city hotels and restaurants,
. $20, and $6 week. . .
. t chambermaids, first-class country hotel. $20,
free fare.
Middle-aged chambermaid, small country
hotel, $15, fare paid.
Pastry cook, small hotel, $35, see party here
this morning.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Cook. Mayfield, $30, see party here this a. rn..
good place.
German nurseglrl and do light second work,
.$23.
Cooks, houseglrls. second girls, nurseglrls.
city and country-
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for day's rwork, to do scrubbing.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MRS, M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
:.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses, Santa Barbara, $20; 8
waltrefoes. different flrst'-class country ho-
tels, $20: 6 waitresses, flrst-class city hotels;
3 restaurant waltrecses, 56 and $7; lunch
waitress. $3; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20
and $25; chambermaid, $18; chambermaid,
$17 50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook. Santa Cruz, $23: second girl, same
place, $20; cook, small American family, $25;
6 housegirls, $20 and $25; second girl. city.
$20, and many others. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., 335 Geary st.
A— "WANTED .- »
For institution near city, a woman who has
had some experience nursing to take care of
children; *20, board, room and laundry and
increase. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses and chambermaids, city, $20.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on costs; one
who makes a good buttonhole: good salary to
right party. IS Montgomery St., room 11.
second floor.-
GIRL to take care of baby 3 years old; refer-
ences: $16 rj. month. Address present place,
1117 -Van Ness ave.
GIRL or -woman for housework and plain
cooking. 9 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth, near
Mission. ¦ '¦
¦\VANTED — Operator on pants; must know how
to finish. 2229H Mission St. _^__
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 632 Mc-
Allister st. "
AN experienced apprentice to work on fine
coats. 334 Kearny st., room 9.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
coats; steady -work. 443 Bryant St., nr. 3d.
TAILORESS on custom coats; steady work;
pay well. 214 Seventh st.
WANTED— A young girl for housework. 710
Hyde St.
C1RL to mind children and assist with house-
work ; sleep home. 515 Third st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market st.. rcom 36.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in housework:
wages $S to $10; sleep at home. C37 Alvarado.
W ANTED — Waitress; restaurant; $4 a week.
416 Third st.
GIRL who understands repairing. Olympla
Innovatory, E32 Sutter St.
WAITRESS wanted for restaurant. £06 How-
ard st.," near Flrat.
NEAT girl for second work; wages $13; refer-
ences. 1180 O'Farrgll 8t. ¦ .
FRENCH 'girl for second work. 2106 Washlng-
¦ ton St.
WANTED— Strong girl to assist in housework!
wages $10. Call S46 Howard St., store. *
GIRL for general housework. Apply 8005 Six-
teenth St., above Mission.
CHAMBERMAID. Hotel Repeller. 7S1 Sutter
street. ¦ . :¦
LADIES to lecrn a trade and be independent:
barbfr trade .^aught In eight weeks; hair-
' dressing in four weeks; catalogue mailed free
. MOLKR'S Barber and Halrdressins College.
633 Clay Et. . .
WANTED— A 'German housekeeper; 3 In fam-
lyl. * Call at 120 Shctvre'.l ft.
WANTED— Woman over 26. to travel; salary
and expenses. Box ]973. Call office.
WANTED— German girl for cooking and down-
stairs work: $30. ' Box 19SS. Call office.
GIRLS wanted' at WEMPE BROS.' box fac-
tory; 127 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general cleaning
' In restaurant; steady; references; 10 a m
¦ 25 : Taylor s't. -. •
GIRL for general housework and cooking; a In
family; references; wages $13 or $13. 2313
Octavia st. "
WANTED— A girl or woman wbo wants a good
home-In small family; small salary. Call be-
tween 2 and 3 p. m. at 2<28.Bush st;
OPERATORS wanted for wrappers; hom« work
and factory. JUDA BROS.. 1C9 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles', hairdressers and ventlla-
: tors." " 40 Geary st.
¦^V^-- HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMUSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery..^
HOUSES TU LET KC'll-MSUKD. '
t-"— FURNISHED cottage of 6 roonr.s and bath"
nk-e garden. 722 Shotwell. bet. 21st and 22d.
iuiume CLBANMU.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. estab. 1S30.
reiTioved to 413 Devisadero st.. tel. Fell 13S.
" INVALID FtnXlTtRE.
INVALID furni;ur»and appliances: sals ot rent;
F. GUODKAN. 1U7 Van N>?s ave- nr. Post st.
LOST A.\l» rOlliill.
I OST— Between Odd Fellows' Hall and ceme-
tery, ribbon fob with gold buckle and locket-
monogram D. B. C. Reward for return to
P. B. CRANE. 421 Market st.
LOST— Sunday at Cliff House, solitaire dia-
mond pin; liberal reward at 217-213 Mont-
gomery ave., F. DE FERRARI.
LOST— Silver-case watch on Nob Hill: valu-
able as a keepsake. Return to 1123 Leaven-
worth st.: liberal reward..
LOST— On Halgrht St., near Shrader. gold watch
and chain; reward. 1737 Halght st.
LOST— Bet. cor. Kalght and Scott and llTi
Howard, square gold watch charm, diamond
center; engraved. Mamie to Nelson. Xmas. ¦
'92; reward. N. D. HAD LEY. U44 Howard st.
LOST— Purse containing keys and 2 badges for
racetrack. Reward of $2 at 28 Montgomery
St., room 10.
FOUND— Carrier pigeon at 2343 Sixteenth tt.
Owner can have same by proving property.
"Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Masca.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEU ilZ Market it. M
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. COO yiUmor> st.
JtfATj-R ESSES AXD UPIIOL.HTEUY.
MATTRESSES and uohols tery : tel "scm th
to or^er or renovated, feather • and hair
¦teamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly- r«-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 818-33? Eleventh St.
MATItmo.VIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy l»dlem
send 10c for list. MR3. HERTZ. 70« ElUs st.
MARRIAGE bureau: reliable and confidential.
MR. BLAKE. 33 Kearny at., rooms 4 and &.
MEDICAL.
DP., and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market, the well-
known ladies' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return sam*
day: thone. wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a sure cure; gives Instant relief ; harm-
less; 'any one can use it; stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert oa .
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to glva instant
ralie* for any ailment- safe and reliable; 10
years in Q. C. Hospital, London; practiced In
S. F. since 1SS4; maternity home: fee low.
lOOT^.i Market st.. near Sixth.
DR. G. VT. O'DONNELL. moved to 101J Market,
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' gpaclaltat;
safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years: treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladies' physician: 25 years'
successful practice: positive cure guaranteed:
when others fail consult free.
MR3. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.-
successful practice; guaranteed treatment tt
office; any ailment; hom» for patients; eon-
sult free. 942 Post at... bet. Hyda and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN- Removed to 1118 Market,
bet. Taylcr and Mason; ladles' specialist.
H»ES AMI MI.NI.NG.
MINES bought and. sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. ¦ Prof. John Tllton. rm».
475-478. 4th floor. Parrott bldy.; 10-12. 1-1
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: w« always
have a larKe stock of naloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. inn. ion, 10I3 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
KUT a brard-new typewriter for %i down and;
{5 per month; write for catalogue and prtc*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. ¦
A SAFE lmestmcnt: 50<i shares Washington Oil
at 23c; in proven grounds near Monarch
wells. Drx 1377. Call office.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Aptly at M"5 California st.
A— 13 AND 23 H. P. boiler; S H. P. engine:
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 genie Bt.
BEAVTIFUL Spanish pups, « weeks old, fJ.
Apply 7S0A Harrison st.
SO 2ND-HAND enameled bath tubs: 20 II. P.
Westinchouse motor; cheap. 204 Mission st.
FOR sale— An upright piano in good order;
price $100. 214 Franklin st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at lo-w
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont«*y.
Gasoline or distillate engines. n»w and Zd-haad:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. oS Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines an*
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
ID-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. SIS Mission.
rilOTOGRAPlilC and mairle lantern goods |
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st. /
SAFES— New" and second hand. THE HER-
MAN. SAFE CO.. 417-4C3 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and td-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECTC. m Post St.
SAFES— New ard second hand; all sizes. THE!
WALTZ SAFE. 103-1U Markat St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANT*.
LADIES' and gents' cast-ofC clothing boagtit A
sold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Kolsnm 1191.
MONEY 1"O JL.UA.N.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; da
not tforrow of your friends or you will los«
\ their friendship; do business with .strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 904 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor,
Chronfrla building. HALLORAN ft OLSEN.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies "bought; no de- 3j
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
•w here. R. McCOLGAN. 2t Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lowi
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch li Third tt. ¦ ..
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prl-mta
party; no removal; no commission; conflden- j
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place., to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money-^
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market it;, room ($.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm, 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$IOC,COO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home BIJg. Co.. 223 Sansome. r. X. j
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; e»ty. country u«fc. undi-
vlded ints. ; estates. HARPER. E>7 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. TUB
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market at., room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In- .
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan big.
MUSICAL I.VSTnt-MKSTS.
PACKARD— Packard— Packard-is the name to
keep in mind when you want to buy a first-
class piano for a fair price. A full assort-
ment can always be found at MAUVAIS'.
7CD Market st.
PI WOS for cash — pianos on time — pianos,
cheap— an>l pianos high— price can be had at
MAUVAIS-. 769 Market St.
YOt' cannot ma'ce a mistake If you buy a
Decker &. Son. Packard. Bauraelstcr. Smith &
Harms Wizard cr Arlington piano at
MAUVAIS'. 7«9 Market st. You can pay cash
or lnstallments :
the Mauvala Music Ca. agents for the cele-
brated Decker «<c Sort pianos, have Jutt re-
ceived ancth^r carload of these beautiful In-
struaienta. The greatest variety 4n styles of
roses and woods can be seen, and persons d«-
s'.rir:? to select one of " these most perfect'
pianos should . call early. Wareroom, 7«_» 1 ,
Market ct. ••
WHY Fe<-ond-hand piano? $130 win "buy new
one. W. C. HAMILTON, S Flood building.In the early part of the year' a v steam
ship line will be established between Port
land, Ore., and Manila,
Generally cloudy and somewhat threatening
weather prevails over the country west of tha
Kocky Mountains, except in California. Light
rain has fallen generally throughout Washing
ton, Oregon. Idaho, Arizona and - Northern
Utah. .
The pressure has risen over the ¦western por
tion of the country, except in Southern Ari
zona, where there has been a slight fall.
The temperature Is generally above the nor
mal in all districts and the changes have been
Slight.
The rivers are very high, but remain sta
tionary or are falling slowly, except at Sacra
mento, where there has been a slight rise and
the gauge now reads 27.9 feet. - -¦ - " .
Forecast made at San Francisco for ! thirty
hours ending midnight, February 23. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday; fresh north
vlnd. : •
Utah — Cloudy, probably with occasional
showers; freah north wind."
Arizona — Partly cloudy -Monday; fresh north
west'.wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light northerly wind. O. H. WILLSON.
_ - Local Forecast Official.
San Francisco data:' Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 50; mean, C5.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 24—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those ot same date
lust season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
PALACE HOTEL.
A L Merrill. Wis
J C Moebach, Buffalo
8 Kaiser. N Y
H Arnold & w, N Y
I Fisher. New Haven
Mrs II Bloodgood. N Y;
B Worley & w, Chgo
W W Greer & tv,*-Bact
R T Conway & w, Chg
H Klemm, Germany
A II Post & w, Stktn
C A Stevenson, N Y
Baron L von Rosen
berg. N Y
A H Relchllng, Cal
H Robertson. Cal
C T Street, Dayton
J A Finch & w, Spokn
Mrs N E Ayre, Ptlnd
W H Brown, Plttsbg
J B Boyle, PltUburg
E SI Rea, San Jose i
XV n Vice & w. Cal
F H Johnson. Cal
J B Read, Butte
D H Follett & w. Mass
P Rockey. Cal
T H Low & w. N Y
Mrs W O Wrldge. Cal
W Warr & w, Idaho
E R Abadle & w. Cal
N B Kooser, San Jose
Miss Waters. Cal
F E Bronson. Wis
A J Dlehl, Michigan
II C Stebblns, N Y
J F Davis, Jackson
H L Packard, Bakrsfld
J II McConnell & w, i
Omaha
Mrs O S Know*, Omaha '
Mrs F W Hills, 8 Lake
H F Smith, N Y
W C Crane, Cal
W Smith. Leadville
Mrs J G Woodworth,
Seattle
G I Brown, Prtland
T B Cozzens & w. Chg
H W Rountree, Ptlnd
C F Eddlnger. Neb
O W Bayha & w. N Y
H A, Greene. Montrey
C S Fay. Berkeley
W Macfarlane. Cal
W W Falls, Vallejo
H C Davis. Cal
CW Callahan, Cal
Miss M E Callahan.Cal
F K Wilson, Los Anp
J B McEvoy. N Y
J P Bear, Cincinnati
W A Shaw & w. Pitta
C T Phillips, St Paul
J Doyle & w, Denver
J C Spencer & w. N T
S S Caschal & w, H I
L Chase, N Y
L A Pltkin, NY -
E Silver, N Y
W J Weaver, London
A C Cohen; London :
J C Williamson, Aus
tralia
T Sraalley, Chgo
N T ilcKellar, Aus
tralia V
W B Carmlchael, Aus
tralia
C Ilickox. Cleveland
A B Stephens. St Louis
C T Scott, N Y
C C McCrillus, N Y
B C Dowse & w Cal
W B Smith. N Y
T F Kelleghan. N Y
H W Maglll. Chgo
C Cushlng & w, D Col
J Armstrong, N Y
O Schuler,. Boston
E Teller. N Y
C L Jaeger, N Y
O Gramm. Wisconsin
A KtDoswell, Wls
E Dickinson & w. Neb
Miss K Vance. Omaha
Mrs W S Etamwood,
N Y
Mrs Coffin. Denver
Mrs T H Schoenberger.
NY
Miss V W Taylor. N Y
S M Cox, TJ S N
W B Taft, Ky
J R Pierce & vr. Mo
GRAND HOTEL
W Pike, Fresno j
3 Goldman. Merced I
A B Schmltz, 1» Ang !
W J McBride. Portld I
J Woodsan, Mont
J W Barnes, L Ang
G Graham, Portland
A B Butler, Fresno [
Mrs Roser. Seattle
H H Stevenson, Cal |
J Haven, Greeley
S R Davis & w, N Jl
J Berry. Fresno
W II Mover, Wash
W II Shaver, 8 Roaa
J Rosenberg, Cal
B Lesrange, N Y
II D Pre««ejv. Cat
H E Perk» & w, Spke
J A Spadone, Portland 1
E Mullaney & w, Nev
T R Scott, Chicago
C Corning, L, Ang
J C Scoles. Ma
O II Curtis & w. Sac
L Goednter & w, Cal
H M Earle, Stockton
W Taylor, Joplln
G E Ward. Wash
H It Levy, Cal
R H .Osborne, U S N
H Clarke & W, L Ang
Mrs Helm, Denver
G Bauer,- Colo
Mrs Ostrander, Cal
J R Downs, Stockton-
E Pasomore, Vermont
O Smith & w. Me
O Monier & w, Arlx
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T F Raff, Cal
O J Halley. Rtd BluS
S Peterson, Illinois
P Klepplnger, Mich
W Weble, N T
O d« Bols6. N T
W H Taylor. Sacto
J Q Bode, Redwood
H J Thomas, Cal
n Falfor, Cal
T C Braswell, Cal
M McNulty. Nome .
J Adams, Cal
J Bourk, Chicago
W Brlckell. Portland
J Dawson. Angels
E It Smith. Lancaster
G V Warren, Cal
A Debebelte & w. Cal
L F Strtcklln. Ohio
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
WINDSOR, Feb. 24.— The body of an
unknown man was found hanging to a
tree near the Yates ranch this morning.
Tho Coroner was summoned and an In
quest held, but the Identity of the man
could not be established. He was about
30 years of age, 5 feet 7 inches in height,
dark brown hair and wore a sandy mus
tache. His laundry mark was D-55-M.
and a repair mark on his watch is R 497,
Line 19.
Suicide of Unknown Man.
The child was hardly 3 years old, and it
is regarded as impossible that it could
have wandered very far before the search
was instigated. Some think that the little
fellow has fallen a victim to some lynx, a
large specie of wildcat, which abound on
the point.
This morning Andrew Locatl - of this
city, with a friend and his little son, drove
out to the Follls ranch, which is rented
by Andrew Mllano. After lunch the 7
year-old Mllano girl, accompanied by lit
tle Peter, went up on the hill back of the
house. According to the girl's story, when
Bhe started for home Peter refused to ac
company her, and started up the hill. She
ran to the hou3e and gave the alarm. In
less than ten minutes the father and a
half-dozen friends were on the spot where
the child vas last seen. X)re whole coun
try was searched, but n^a trace of lh«
child rewarded the efforts of the search
ers. All the creeks in the vicinity have
been dragped .ind the ravines and gullies
have been explored, but with no results.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 24.— Since 1 o'clock
this afternoon little 3-year-old Peter Lo
cati has been lost In the busby hills of.
the northern elope of Point San Pedro.
Dozens of men all the afternoon wandered
through the ravines looking for the miss
ing child. To-night several posses in
charge of Constables Louis Hughes and
George Agnew are continuing the search.
Little Peter cannot be found.
Away From His Playmates.
Three-Year-Old Peter iLocati Strays
LOST IN MARIN HILLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1901.
9
STATIONS.
| Last I This [Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 06
Red Bluff •
Sacramento Trace
flan Francisco ..
Fresno Trace
Independence .22
Sen Luis Oblspo Trace
I>->s Angeles
Ban Diego
38.19
22.71
16.10
18.04
9.94
5.6S
27.04
13.61
8.53
33.37
16.66
13. 87
15.11
«.2l
M4
12.66
4.57
2.65
STATIONS.
| Last I This [Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 06
Red Bluff •
Sacramento Trace
flan Francisco ..
Fresno Trace
Independence .22
Sen Luis Oblspo Trace
I>->s Angeles
Ban Diego
38.19
22.71
16.10
18.04
9.94
5.6S
27.04
13.61
8.53
33.37
16.66
13. 87
15.11
«.2l
M4
12.66
4.57
2.65
REAL JSSTATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
»17f«— A SNApT^ottare~ot"rTooms'~and^ath:
su-eet accepted ; ! Hone sidewalk ; lot 2jxS0.
PATTERSON' & CO.. 11 City Hall square. 1
COTTAGE. 5 rooms (modern)! lot 25x75:6:
downtown location: must have money: sacri-
fice. tiOOO. Address B. C. t>or 1775. Call.
FOR the be«: located lots In Richmond and the
cheape«t rnll pn \Y. J. GUNN. G30 California.
REAL K STATE COUNTRY for Sale
A MOST excellent SSO-aere stock and general
farm; nearly oil tillable: M acres creek bot-
tom, perfect crarden poll; complete set good
buildings: best watered ranch In the county;
tor l«»es than 55 per acre; worth three times
the amount.
REMEMBER— I'm accurately acquainted
vlth more country rrcoerty for sale and ex-
change than all other agents In S. F.: 3000
ranches on m~ list : rtate what's wanted and
*r»t reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. IX FICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
Half mile Sonoma: 57 acres In orchard an.1
vineyard: furnished hnurr 11 rooms, I-ntory: ;
bam 40x10; horary. Trapons. poultry, farming
Implements; eale on premises at 1 p. m.
j FRANK CHEIilNL Sonoma.
i CHEAP little town homes: also country prop-
j «"rty: In eastern Contra. Co«ta Co.; write Just
t v.-hat you desire and receive reliable Informa-
nt'^"- D. MACARTNEY, Antloch. Cal.
BARGAIN* — «»; acres to rent or for 6ale; near
Pan Matco. Apply 207 Church St., near Mar-t
ket; rail after 5 p. m.
WRITE J. W. HORN, £12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
MILL. VAXXICr HEAL ESTATK.
CHOICE lmrroved anj unimproved residence
property for ral»; furnifiied and unfurnished
houpet to rent. S. H. ROBERTS. Real
Estate ur<1 Imannt'. Mill Valley. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
| : '
Al.AMKD.V lir.AI. KnTATE,
! BEAUTIFUL modern cottar*, 6 rooms; lot 5Cx
i Ki ; choice location; f table, etc.: a sacrifice;
; ea*y terms. A. G. BURNS. 1501 Park St..
j Alameda.
| 2 NEW cottage*, 6 rooms: K400 and 12500; fine
i lots: terms. J. II. YOUNG, Builder, 1243
Park at.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
i
DGRKCLGY REAL. ESTATE.
4 LOTS, 40x125 feet; eswered; near Grove St.;
IBQ.
2 lots In Golden Gate. 23x100. old house, J.'.'O;
bar-grain. H. G. W\. 131 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
j OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLA.\D FCII.MTUHB FOR SALE.
I AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! ELEYENTH. 106-Nicely furnished ~bay-wi£
i dow suite for housekeeping; also single rms.
i I.IAAS, 420 — Furnished housekeeping rooms and
j other*; bath, gas and telephone.
ELLIS. €21— S rooms, newly furnished, house-
keeping, $20; also 2 rooms, $13 CO; sunny.
FOI_SOM. 757A— Nicely furnished rooms; bath;
gas; use of kitchen If desired.
FULTON, 116 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
and others from |4 up: sunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite S rat.; hot, cold water; yard; laundry.
GROYE. 104— Sunny front room for housekeep-
ing, with kitchen; newly furn. : other rooms.
HAIGHT, 222 — For couple, 2 nicely ' appointed
housekeeping rooms; gas range; telephone;
reference.
HOWARD. 7S1H— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front suite, complete for
housekeeping; also large room.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
heavy housekeeping; large closet; $12.
OCTAYIA, 140S, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; mantel, large room, with kitchen
complete.
, FIXTH. ISC— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman. • •¦
STOCKTON. W7— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubperiptions has been established at 109*
Valencia ft.
KOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite- attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences rooms
tC'c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRfXSWlCK House. US Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1418 Market (old No. 1384)-Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. C20 (The Elk)-Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY, 203 .. Sunny bay-window rooms; gas;
phone; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 607— Large furnished front room; also
single rooms; all modern conveniences,
EDDY. 770— Handsomely furnished back parlor
and other rooms; running water; bath.
ELLIS. 706. near Larkin— Large back room;
suitable for two; t~ per month; gas, bath.
FILBERT. 614— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FULTON, E25— Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
GEARY.405 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE fir.. 1206— Sunny furnished par-
lor suite; board optional; also single rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle i ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LEAVENWORTH. 405, n«ar EII1«— Large xur-
nlshed front room $10 per month.
LILY ave, 134, near Octavla— Nice eunny fur-
nished front room; private family; rent $4.
JONES. 611— Newly furnished rooms for gents
only.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; transient.
A'EW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. 12 a week up; 3to a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; flay, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, £31— Front parlor: nicely furn-
ished; gas and bath; rent reasonable.
TINE, 651. near Stockton— Sunny large room,
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
POST. £27— Newlr furnished front room. J2 60
week: tmall tunny room, closet, $1 25 week.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlrg-room. emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, prr nljtht. 35c to Jl 50; week, ti to
JS; month. J* to $30; - elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSKDALE House. 718-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night, 2?c to II; week, tl 25 to >4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market- Furnished or unfurnished.
EUTTER, 3204 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, *8; suites. $12 to t25 mo.
TREAT ave., 1C24. bet. Twenty-third and Twen-
ty-fourth— Front room, aultable for 2; rent
moderate.
TWELFTH, 111— A large., runny, well-fur-
n'slied room; reasonable; phone s_ad bath.
4 ROOMS and bath, for adults only: also suit-
able for office; rent SIS. J_S. Call 40S Bran-
nan st., near Third.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubrerlptions has been established at 1C9<
Valencia «t.
HOOMS A.VD IIO Alt I).
AT the old -Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex £C7 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive find rightly rooms at modest rates.
NEWLY furnished runny 6uite and other sun-
ny rooms with board; modern conveniences.
1151 Octavla Bt.
ROOMS and board; price* reaaonable. 415
First st. ¦ ¦• ¦
SEWIXfi MACIII.VKS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and rep_>lnK guaran-
U-iA. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mlsflon. nr. ISth.
AI.I< kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, Bold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
~ BirSICAL IXSTUl'CTIOX.
ANV perFDn having- use for a plar.c can be ac-
commodate'! «t Sherman, Clay £ Co.'s with
' easiest payrrer.t!.. lowrst price» ar.d mon re-
¦ lisib'.e makers to choos? from. Each the best
of their prade. from gteinway down. Priv.
:ipge _:'"" to exchange medium and low
priced piar.os for a- new Steinway any tlma
niThin ttnrea years from date of purchase
. . Ueautiful r.tw. uprights eold fc>r $5 o_«h and
16 per. month.- %^« error to fell some jrnod
. • ;>ia^o* lor S3, Si _nd SS per month SIIFrt-
ilAK. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers cor-
• ne-r Jvearnv nnd Gutter *ts.. San Fraacls-o--
- . corner Broadway and Thirteenth st Oak-
Iar.d. ; '
AT ¦rltolecal* until March 1st. 70 new pianos.
$!"» ur- »»r»atert offer ner mad- In prices
. t»r.a t-r-ms tZ p*r month and up.
« Btelnway* jieg
1 S'ovril* j M
«'Hallet & Pavi* -. $433
f K'»:r»«» i TTtt
r <'hickerir.Ks. 60 c.thrrw.' $240
We hand> all-rcakrs: n*er.ts for some of
the olden end most famous pianos In cx-
•¦• . Menc*..HaUct Davit. - ltehr Bros.. Jtwett,
¦ ...etc. : acentt wanted. HEINE PIAXO COM-
¦ l'AXY. 217 Geary nt.
ABSOLTTniLY the cMoft and lar*e«t house
;svpst or <;ii<c?co 1« KOIILER & CHASE'S, 2«.
• ?> ar.d CO O'Farreil st.: pianos, organs and
aM other musical Instruments cf eM erodes
«r.d pric«*: terms fafy; jirices lowest: every-
thir.c possible done to please and satisfy the
¦ customer.
A BONA-Finn cieanlr.g-o'it removal sale, of
i f'Cfnrt-hanil pianos at !"w .auction prices J20
. up <th1s week onlv). WlT.SOX'S Storage,' 171<)
Market et.
A' FKW rew piano* for $1SO: neronfl-
ha.nd from pi BEXJ. Cl'RTAZ & SON.
"6 O'Farre'.l «. t'hickerlng and Vo»e agreney.
FINE Ftar.aard vrrisht piano; must be cacrt-
. fioed In 5 dayr; kavlr.e city. 324 Golden Gate.
WAN'TKD- Fcror.d-har.d piano cheap for cash;
_ no dealers'. I*"X 3S6 r i. C»il office.
. V'AN'TrD- Five rood square pianos- for coun-
try pchools. BYKON MAUZY. 3C8 Post «t.
HiCI£rGRADE pianos; Pteck. Ilardman Con-
ovpr ar.d others. Wiley H. Allen Co.. 3U Post.
. BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice uprirht piano.
_ Pi-HMITZ, 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
a-NEARLT n*>w rrand upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HOKXINH, 216 McAllister.
in TlON MAT'ZY. agency Sohmer & Co. . Byron
Mauzy. Gab'rr and Sr*i!man pianos. SCS Pout.
t-N *_1»-Steir.way upright. ?M0. 217 Gean- st.
roota 26.
FPECIAL SALE- iTr.rneri*- reductions; ee« our
. l>aJer. only fl50. BRUEXX. 10$ Post st
AT Kr.EFFCR S3: Market Ft.. 4 elegant up-
r'.chtg at your own price. Shoningrr arency.
l:'-PT rent *tork in citx-; new ptanon. $3 per
month. gQOTT-CrilTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
FITERIOR -i-1alinp. zithers, old and new. "IT
Mri.I.KU. mnker. repairer. 2 lAtham plaoo.
OF11CE5 AM» STOItES TO LET.
CORNER etcre— West corner Founh and Perry
rts. : occuiiied at grocery end bar for past »0
yoars: rent ?20; water free. Apply to G. II.
VMP.SEX & CO.. 34 Montgomery _t_
CHKAP. light offices. Emma Epreckels bulld-
:r.p. 5C7 Market St.
OIL.
A PROPOSITION In cil etock that can't be
¦ . beat; nothing on the market equal to It; Al
company; contr.^le 420 acres In Sunset district:
ha« 2<<*> barrel we] ; No. 2 now drilling; limited
amount of etock at 15 cents per share; cash or
. iru-tallraenta. C. F. MOORE, $35 Market Bt..
noa t.
. nOI SHARES Mt. Shasta CHI and Development
cf^k at C'c x«?r share, any portion; coni-
ra::vs price tOc; party needs money. Apply
F. R- GRANNIS. Oil Lands, 232 Montgom-
¦ €.-y tt.
3OSTFII B. TOPLITZ, S20 Pine etreet.
SIEMEEK PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Ccur.tr>- correspondence solicited.
~~OILi LANDS 1r>OIl SALE.
KERN Riv^r; preven territory; line of R. R.
N» irton. Carrr.pn & Somes, r. 104, Chronicle.
HAIMXKS A.VD DECOHATdRV.
"Wail raper. window ehades; rooms papered, (3
'-r ¦'^¦"¦n & Bath. SCS Sixth; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
II JEROME FO^SELLI. Bcientlflo pairaT-V Vl5
Ta? : r st, bet. Gean- and Post; tel. Black 661.
PATENTS AXD PISVSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charse unless successful.
CEO. D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
ILEFPKCTABLE centlemaa who has a jrood j
tusiress w!fhes to meet a respectable Scan- I
dir.avlan lE<5y about 25 years of aye; object.
ir._magr*. Bex 1£64. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE 5»ruleman wishes to meet
r««pectab!e lafiy; object, marriage. Box 1S42,
¦ .-.Call cfSce.
IF j-ou want to be successful In all your affairs
end bring health, harplnese. love and all that
Is good within your reach, you must learn
hew to lr.2uenc« people; I will teach you
how. MRS. VALEEN. TVb L*avenworth r-t.
PROFESSOR MEEGEK'S mineral oil and
salve; gt>od for dropsy, paralysis and rup-
ture. 12CS Market El. rooms 8 and J.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie et.
A— J3 tO DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Popu-
}»r Price Hatters, S30 Kearny ft., near Pine.
TINE *-j1t». J19; Cress pants. S2 T8. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery «t-
MAEQUERADE' costumes, play books, wips;
ccuntrj- or«era. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 731 Mkt.
GOOD hcrr.e cr-en for healthy boy or girl baby.
Mr*. Dr. F-_r.ke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ELECTRIC Upht In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third «t.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c t-> tl EO cer nlrht; II E0 to J8 per week;
free 'bus ar.d bacgajre to and frosi the ferry.
er.amel iron beds. e!ngle. three-quarter
DT double. 12 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1J12 Stockton it., near Broadway.
EPP*ING styles Ptandard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1C21 Market et., nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turrlnx. metal eplnnlns. brae* fln-
jBh'.ni? & models mode. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
FVPERFLUOUB hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1U8 Butter Bt.
ErTlaMOTTE'S French Cora Paint, the be*t
corn cure; £5c; ell drugrriste.
ALFRETJUMS Egyptlaa Henna: restores gray
ha'.r to Its natural color: Jl: at all druggists.
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlct aad retldenca,
. 1C21H Market «.. between Sixth and Seventh.
ER. WONO. . HIM. herb doctor. •ueeeBtfully
treats all 6'serses of the human body: se*
testlmor.'._Js at office. 115-11* Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE-^-CITy — FOR SALE.
ALX. GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Arply A. M. SPECK it CO.. €67 Market ft.
12100— Four email Cats; all rented for 130; half
cash.
. t^3tO— Two epJenttlS Cats; rented 128; n«ar
Birth: / '
CT00— Two ewell Mission Cats; C roomi each
and rtab>; rents J30: mortiraye J2300.
• $2800— Sacraineato *t.. east of Powell; rents
.' $25 net: one tenant U years.
JC2&0— Two nice. flat*. < rooms each; balf-
fclock from Market et. !
J3500— Three nice flata; all rented; near Nlne-
' t<;errti and Mission •_«.: pays 10 pe/ cent.
fjooo — Corner; 40x»0. with good 10-room house;
Hyde st.
1 7500— Four brand ne-w flats, ea»t of Van Nest
ave. : all rented. ¦ VII. ' '
• trfso— Splendid Investment; near Van New
»ve.; rent* JE.1.
OtOO— Business property; Nlsth Bt., sear Mis-
t'.cn: r»Tita |45.
• JlLCKjO— Etore and two- strictly modern Cats of
7 end 9 rooms': north cf Market et.
' . $12.500— Leavjcn worth «t.; rents $105; lot C5-
toox. front. - -
fll.000— Thre« eleiaxit Cats; rented for $140;
$<*5 co<>— Near • Howard and Third tin. ; renta
Cf*- bank rnortg*«« $20,000; lot 4SxlC0.
{2^,000— Business property of 4 etores and 8
Cats; rents $2M: lot 75x50 feet.
.. *->g ($)— MlMion-et. corner; 170x160; actually
¦worth $S5,OO0; ; must eeli at once.
$40,000— Corr.er; Golden Gat» ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rent* $240. . ' '
TS3 000— Grand ccrner J 60-foot front; few
fiT-fcs Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
f "I 005— Grand corner; '.60-foot front: within
block of Tlvoll: eld imrrovements; rents $400.
Other barrainK.
. Apply A. SI. EPECK Ar CO.. 667 Market tt.
Tv a^rful sacrifice— Lot 60x148 feet. -with cory
end blacksmith shop renting for $:s.
rn corner Fourth and Cljos «ts.» Ban RafaeU
s;^cT half cash. A. U. SPECK & CO.. 667
ilarsiet st. \ ; •
A THOP.OUGHLT pllt-.edjre Inveetment; fine
brick block contalninc 6 utores and flats
above- all rented: lot P0xl2S: northe»*t cor-
r+r- very prominent: paylnjr Rood- Interest :
« wner want* to go Jnto oil. Apply to JAMES
MASON. Notary. <¦% California et., San
Francisco. __!___.
CHEAPEST Jots In : the Western . Addition;
eouthwest cor. PiTje and Lyon «ts.: . lot* 2a
tam nnd 2JxS7:C; $1250 to $U0O. McGLTNN &
MENTON, rocm £2, Cbrcnlcle building.
A I5AP.GAIN— 7 fUas near City Hall and G. O.
«ve. ; t-plend'.d <-ondltlon; always rented: in-
come Sl'.OV a. v«tr; jiayn < per cent over nil ex-
I#nce«. W. G. Grifflth. r. Jll-lS; Examtner.
11" you have lots to eeli north ot the Park, thtn
caU on W. J. CUNN. tZO CaUfornia et.
SPECIAL XOTICBS.
100 CASES sparkling Hochheimer, vintage '82,
116 per case, reduced to |10; 1000 gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel ivlne $2 per gal-
lon, reduced to Jl. F. HOLTUM, Johannes-
hurg Wine Vaults, j>17 California Bt.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
: city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5SS0.
STORAGE AXD WA^RHOCSES.
PI E RCE- RODoXl?H~^to™ge"and"^Iovirig' Co Z.
office, Po3t and I^owell sts.; tel. Main 5713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon tt.; tel. Mint 1E2I. F. W. ZEMFUSS.
BE1C1NS Van and Storge Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tfl. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
J^ TRUSSES.
MANUFA'R; clastic stocking*, shoulder braces,
Fupportere made, repaired. Merge, 503 Kearny.
jrv_PK\vniTi:its AXD gPPPLtKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITE'n&^tVs
_pll better machines for less money than anv
house In th« city; rentals, $3. Th« Typewriter
Exchange. :36 California: telephone Main 260.
U2«A1, AUVUHT1SU.UE.STS.
OFFICE of the County Clerk, and es-officto
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, of th»
County of San Mateo. State of California.!
NOTICE OF KALE OF FRANCHISE.
>'ubllc notice Is hereby Riven that on the
. ISth day of February. A. D. 1901, W. D. K.
O1USON, as applicant, made to, and filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Matco, State of California, a written
application for a franchise and . privilege,
which said application was, and Is, In the
v.-ords and figures following, to-wlt:
"To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San .Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia:
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double
•track railroad, of standard gauge, for the
prr'.od of fifty years, with the privilege of
erecting? and maintaining' the necessary poles,
v!r<>E and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon the following public highways
in the county of San Mateo, State of Cali-
lornla. to-wit:
"1: Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
ff<?t, more or less, from Its Intersection wltii
the westerly line of the rjght of way of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crofslns.
"2. Over, won and across that county
mad at San Bruno known aa San Bruno lane,'
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company. . •
"3. Over, upon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company.
"4. In the townslte known as the Mlllbrae
Villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
tain BtrePt known as Railroad uvenus, which
!!*¦» adjacent to the westerly line of the
rltht of way of the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of *ald Mlllbrae Villa Tract to the south,
erly line thereof, with the neeei-sary turn-
outs: and over, upon and across said ilill-
brae avenue, between Railroad avenue an-!
Hemlofk avenue, xo the southerly line of
said avenue.
"6. Over, upon and across that county road
at Burllngame known as Burllnframe avenu*.
where Pan Mateo drive, if extended, would
intersect said avenue.
"6. Over, upon and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenue at Its In-
teraction with that road In Howard's Bur-
llncrame townslte known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts.
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board Advertise this application in accord-
ance with the provisions of tho act entitled.
•An net to amend nn act entitled "An act
providing for the eale of railroad and other
franchises in municipalities, and relative to
granting of franclnges." approved March 23,
lS^S. by amending section 1 of said aet,' ap-
proved March 18. 1S97.
"Dated Redwood City, California, Febru-
ary 12th. 1901.
."W. D. K. GIBSOX, Applicant."
And public notice Is hereby further jrlven
that on the said ISth day of February, 1901. In
open session of the said Board of Supervisors*
the said application was read and conntdered.
whereupon said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that It proposed to grant said application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an apollcatlon for such franchise
and privilege had been made to said board,
tosether with a statement that It was. and
is, proposed by said board to grant the same
be 'advertised in The San Francisco Call, a
dally newspaper published in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution.
And public notice is hereby further jrlven that
the character of the franchise and privilege pro-
poFed to be eranted by eald board Is to con-
struct and operate a single or double track
railroad, of standard cause, with the privi-
lege of erectlnc and maintaining the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elec-
. trie trolly nystrm. and the term of Its con-
tinuance is fifty years, lind the route to be
traversed by said railroad 1« over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned In said application.
And public notice Is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of paid board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the said Board of Supervisors prc-
Pcf<>s to grant the said application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and that on Monday, the first day of April,
A. D. 1901. at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m..
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house in Redwood City. In the county of Snn
Mateo, State of California, bids or tenders
will be received by Bald board for nuch fran-
chUe and privilege, and that said board will
then and there. In open session of BBld board,
read said bids and tenders and consider an-l
aet thereon, and will award said franchise
and rjrlvllegf> to the h!ghc*t bidder, and In
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In said application.
By order of *ald Board of Supervisors made
and dated this 18th day of February. A. D.
1901. M. H. THOMPSON,
County Clerk, and ex-offlclo Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
Ban Mateo. State of California.
By H. W. RCHABERO. Deputy Clerk.
(Seal of Board of Supervisors.)
IN tho Superior Court of the City and County
cf San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a *udrment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. "5,397, Dept. 10
Notice- Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing Under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having lt« office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco. Stato of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, addrersed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of sntd
corporation: and that Monday. March 23th
1801. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
eald court. Department No. 10. In the City
Hall of th« city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
end place for the hearing of said application.
In witness wheteof I have hereunto ret my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, mi
[Beal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dor_ifl» ) Filed Feb. 20. J901. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlatfe and death notices sent Vy
mall will net be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and he
indorsed with the name and residence of p»r*
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MATSENHELDER— In this city, February 12
1901. to the wife of F. Maysenhelder. a
¦ daughter.
DIED. ~~"'
Barton. Anastacla Greany. Eliza
Brophy. Sarah Ellen Greene. Annie E.
¦ Brownlle. William G. Iddlngs, Henry A.
Bishop, Alice II. Lawton. Mabel I
Craig. William B. Lockwood. Ifla L.
<Hlfford. Joeepn P. Martin, Charles
Cooney. Michael » Mlelke, Meta
Day, Franklin M. McGlffln. Jnmes
Devlin. Fnnnle McLaughlin. Frances
Doherty, Joseph O'Dunnell. Ellen •
Dorman, Julia L. Olwn. Perry N.
'Kthen. Louis A. Phelan, Maggie
Ferchland, Ida , Quseles, J. A.
Friedman. Wm. W. Rotmore. Samuel
Flack. George C. Ptoever. Henry K.
Qrlgsby. William H. Schwarze. Lillian
BARTON— In this city, at her residence, 207
Duncan street, Anaetacta Barton, beloved wife
of Joseph Harton, and mother of Edward J.
and Lillian M. Barton, a native of Carrlck-
Ix-s. County Waterford, Ireland, aged CO
years 6 months and 27 days. . ,
C7 Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at a o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 207 Duncan street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, whero a nolemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her soul
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BllOPHY-In this- city. February 21, 1901
Sarah Ellen, beloved wife of John T.Erophy'
and mother of Police Sergeant William F
nnd- Thomas E. Brophy. Mr*. James F Ford'
Mrs. Henry Lafrenr and Mary Alice Broplr-
a native of Waks. aged 56 years 10 months
and 1 day. (Ltlca. N. Y., papers please copy.)
CO'Frlcnd* and acquaintance* Are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(TuesCay), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 237 Ninth street, between' Folscm and
Howard, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem high. mass, will be
celebrated for the repose of her noul. com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cometery.
BROWNLIE— In Pan Diego. February 23.'- 1301.
William O..' beloved svn of Jessie O. and the
late James Brownlle. _nd brother of Robert.
James, John, David and Alexandra Brownlle.
a native of California, aged 37 Sears l
month and 23 days.
BISHOP-In this city. February 14, 1901. Alice
Barrett. Infant daughter of Charles J. and
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way
stations. - . . ¦"
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomtits and way
stations. ... - * ¦ .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
statloDs.
Commencing September" SO, 1SC0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILT- VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55. *i:K. 11:00 a. m.. 1:0,
3:15 4:00. 5:15, '6:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Fan
Rafael on Mondars. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. - . •
SUNDAYS-»S:00. »10:00. *ll:30 a. ra. *l:i5
3-15. *4:43. 6:30, 0:00 p. m.
Trains marked, «•) run to San Quentla
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. »«:30. 7:43. 9:30 a. m.
•12:30. 1:45, *3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. »8;00. •10:00. '11:45 .a. m.
•1:40. *2:15,- 4:45. »6:a> pw m.- .
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO"
WEEK DATS-5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 9:30 a. m
i;:35. 2:10, 3:30, 4:64. 5:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays. • Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. nx. 12:05. 2:15. fM
5:00. 6:45 p. m. • * ¦
Via S4MJsallto F«rry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stea— ier "MontlcHlo."
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4J
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 115 a
" Fresno ... 2:10 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:57 p 7:C6 a
" Visalla.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare 4:27 p 4:27 p 8:05 a
" Bksneld... 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:» a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago... 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
»:CO a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars throuch to Chlcaro. Chair Car runs
to BakersfleM for accommodation of local
first class passengers. Xo second class
tickets are honored on this 'train. Cor-.
responding train arrives at C:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 D. m. rs the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cats out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:S5 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. rn. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
TABLE D'HOTE
DINNER
\ Dinner Is ssrved tabla d'hote ||
i and break'ast and lunch >|
f a la carte on tha Santa Fa <l
< Dining Cars goln» to Chicago.
x The service is not cqja!ed *|
; | by other railways, and you ;|
{> go through In 3 days 01 tin :|
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
BotTHKKTi r/kvirtv («nriiT.
(ficirio !iY.ircM.>
Vrwttmm !••»••«• nn<* nr* •*••«• In nrrtt* •«
MAM 1'lt »*€• I •««¦«».
y (Main Line. Foot ot Market SrreaK)
ftSATB — 7B0M JiSCAHT L 1301. — AUm
?>>•_, Bontci*. Sulsun. Elznlro, Vaaaf ills.
Eumsey _ud Smcraraooio 7if3r
7(S0a Davis, Woodland. Knight* L»odlnj.
Msrjsfilie, Oroflliit 7il3?
T:SOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and Eaal tStlSr
8:Oua Martlnex.'S-uU.iniou. V.llejo. S»p*.
l.'-list-<» an<l .Santa Uoa» «tl3p
8:00a Vilss, Lfrennorei Tracy, Ltthrop,
Stocktoc 7il5r
•i3tu Shasta | xpreas-DkTis, WiHlama(for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Usd
Bluff. Portland. 7i«3f
• i»o* Ban Jots. IjTeraaore. .Stockton. 0
lone, ftaerawonto, FlieerTtils,
Marj»»II!<-, Chico. KadillulT 4il3r
MtS»a OftkiUle, Chinese, honor*. Carters... ttlflr
#:«>«» Hajw-rds. Mlrs and Way Buttons. 1 1 tl-t*
V tttOi Los Anceles Kxpreas — M arsiiiec.
Tracy, Latnrop. Stockton. Meteed
i yresnoandLoaAnrsles Til**
DsSOa Valli*]n, Marlines and War fltaiioos Bi45»
IOsOWa Tha Overland Uu.lted — Ogdeo, Den-
T«r, Omaha. Chicago <<43r
IIiUOa. Nilea. Stookton. Haoramentn, M«n>
dota, JTnsno, 11-nford, V'naila,
PonwtUlo «•»¦»»
HiOOa LlTennoro, Banger. Go-hen Jon*
tlon, Bakertflsld. Los Angeits
fl:OOr Sacrainouto ltl»er 3ta*m«i* fSiOOA
SiOOr Ha/wards. Mlts and Way Htitlom. ai»5r
4i<tttr Maiilnex. Han lUiaou, Vallejo.
Nana, Oallntofa, Hauta Uosa Vi13a
fioarlieuicU. Winters. bacraiueato.
Woodland. Knight* Landing.
aWryiTiUr. Oro«ill« ~ !<•:«.¦»»
4i*op Baywazda. Mlln vul Ban Joss v t»'f^-».
OiOOr >"Ue», LlTenaore, Stockton. Lodl ... i»*43a
«3:O0rSun«rl Limited, El Fmo, Kew
Orleans and East «lo:13_
S:OOrTho Owl Limited— Traer, Fresno.
lU'«er«flel<l. 8aii(us for Santa Car-
bara, Los Angola*. lOil.lt,
arOOrVv* Oilcan* Express-IUker«n«ld.
Hanta ll.rhir*. lx>i AiigMes, Dem*
Inc. El PiaO. Ksw Orleans aud
K.ait 7i«:»A
Ot«Ap Ha» wardi. Nllm and Uaa Josa Ti ** «
IViOflr Vaflojn I I Ii4.lt
tfiOvr Oriental M&il-OgJan, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13:13r
• :OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. * «iI3r
TiOOr Oregon and California ICipff ... s»>
rititioiitn. Marjttille, llwlillng.
I'ditlin.l, ruget Humid and Kaat SrlSA
SiO.1rSaa Pabla Port Costa, Maxtlaes
and Way stations 11:43a
S*:O3p Vaili-lo 7>t3r
COAST DITIXlOa (.WroiT llupU
(Foot of Market 3trg«i.> *
• i 13* Newark. Ontortllle.rtauJoao. Pultoii.
Boulder Crcek.S«iita Omx and Way
Statlous... » •«*•#
|«il«r Newark CenterTllIe. San Jose No*
AlmadflD, Feltoo, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cias aad Principal War
Buttons •• t**** 0 *
4il.Tr Newark. Han Jos*. Lo* Gate* Si-IOa
av:30f> IliirtUr*' Rxsursion. San Joss and
Way8t%tlops pi«Oy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
riualll msaiSCO— F»»i tf M»ti.t SUnt (Slit t)—
TT-.1S »:« M:S0«_m. 1:00 ItfO 1:13 pm.
From Oakland-IToot ot nrctdwsy.— ?« ft tiM
10 :f 0a.m. 13:00 TOO __^ :0 P^^. .
COAST niTISlOX (Ilroad Gauge).
(ThlrJ .>nd Townwm) St«.g
iS:IOAO«eaii View, Sonth rtan tT3.uci.ico.. |t*i.tu?
?«OOa 8aii Jof>» and Way Statldii* (New
AliMadeir Wedne*dajs onljr) li»O»
*¦»•_ Man Jcte. Trea l'iiio*. H-nta Cms,
Paetne »ror«. I'aan Itnblea. Han :
Luis Ol)i«n<i. Hntt. I»mpoe and .
Prln*lpal War SUtloiis <•••»
l0t«OA San J..3O snd Way SUtious. 'i»»
¦ ls:iut Hau Jom ami Way .Stations •>:»»•
t«i»r San Mateo, Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .loaa.
Tres Plnos. S»»U Cnn, Salinas,
Moataray -¦¦•! Paelfle Orot* tlOinA*
fStmwr Ban Jose and Way Htatlmis 2'??'
?4tl.lr San Josaand Principal Way Stations »«43a
t3:0ttr San Jose. Los Gatos and Prioeipal
Way Stations 'J'S. 4
5:»«p Pan J«.s« and Principal Way Stations *«35a
OiUvrSanJoM and Way Stations *i'!t W4
qllUapSan Jow.ml Way Stations =»«»
AlorMonitur- P for Afternoon,
t Hun.lay aierpted. « auuday vmis.
g MomUys. Wednesdays Fridays,
c Turtdays. Tbnrsdxja. SaBdaja.
a Satnrdaj 1 onlj. . ... '
CALIFORNIA NORTHW-ESTEBN RY. Ca
LiBSSSiS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market £t ; -
Knn Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURO.V FERRY-FOOT OP MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. »:0O. U:C0 a. m.; 12:35. 3J0.
5:10. 6:20 p. ra. Tr.u.-sdaya— E\tra trip at II;*)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:20 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-SiOO. 9^0. U:00 a. m.: 1:», i.SO.
: C:00. «:20 p. m. •
t>an Kara-I to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:lO. 7:50. 9:». 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i5
and 6:35 p. m. - ,
S'JNDAYS-8:1Q, 3:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. I:«t
S:C5. 6:Ii p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sc&uetzea Par'*,
same schedule as abcv». '•;
Leave I In ESect I Arrlvs
- San Francisco. |Xov. 7. 1900.1 San Francisco.
AVeek I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
t)ays. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am S:0Oaml Novato. 110:40 ami 8:40 ana
1:30 pm 9:39 am) Petaluma. «:05 pm, 10:23 ana
8:10 pm 6:00 pm| Santa Rosa. , 7:35 pm| *:23 pia
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 aza
Kealdsburx.
Lortton.
Oeyservillp.
I'JO pm J :00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm (:33 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland j j
I S:CO am| and CklaJi. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 prq
7:30 am 10:25 am
8: CO am Gueraevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm «:2: PRV
7:20 coi 8:00 am Sonoma »:13 am! S:40 ara
¦ and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm| JI2 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami 119:40 am 19:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebaatopo). [ 7:32 pm| <:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark '.Vest
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlsn; at Fulton
lor Altmria: at Lyttoa for Lyttoa Sprlnss; at
Gcyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnes, Kcda Day, I.akfport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Sara tors;.*
fprings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Deil Lake. Wttter
Springs, Upper Lake, I'omo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlvernide. Llerley"s. Bucknel'.'.*.
Fanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle, Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. L'sal.
Wllletts. Laytonvllle, Cummings. Kelt's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On • Sunday?, reund-trlo ttefcets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. «0 Market st-. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RYA.V.
H. C WHITING. Cen. Posa. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Saus-Uto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
I*. s_m run, - ta.ua him
9:13 a.m.) xc-vvxr n\v=» ( 3:fO p. «.
1:45 P. M. V WEEK DAYS I p M
4:00 p. k. ) Stay over nlgbtat JheTAVtiui 1 10:13 a. m.
8«X)a. m.1 i 1:00 p.m.
10:0(1 a. j«. i grvnir; J 3*0 r.M.
H:»a. m. f SUNDAYS i 4.Xr.M.
1:15 p.m.) I l:Ur. m.
l-ars. San Franefoct to Summi; and Rerarn. ft. to.
Ticket Offices. C21 Market St., & Saawlito Fcrrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. E*t.ib!>hr<l
In 1H.14 for the tn>atmi>nt r>f J'rlvnto
Diseases. I.<«t ilannoml. Delillitv or
Iix^asc nearlngnn body and mind an<1
Sktn Dlaenaea. The I>octorcares"wiien
others fail. .Try him. Charges low.
_. <'are>«|raMraiiOed. Callorwrlta.
Dr. J. *'. VlUCO.'i, Sau Francisco. Cal
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jr. Steamers leave Broadway
b>__ wharf. San Francisco:
vaSWi . For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
eSftSEa^ Feb. 25. March 2. Change to,
|SSlfSD*nfc company's 6teamers at Seat-
«K_§W Ifti For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
l&gfcjVSrijJ**! C). Port Townrend, Ssattle.
racoma, Everett. Anacorte*
dn rf Xew Whatcom (Wash.)—
• 11 a. m., Feb. 23, March 2 and
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamer* for Alaska and
G. N. Ity.; at Seattle or TacomA to N. . P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Rjr.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. Tt,
27. March 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopptng oniy at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los
Angeles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m:;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Hartord (San Luis OblspoV Cavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Stwcner Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. : steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensonada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. 7U» each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. . /
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
COODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts.;
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND,
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. ra.
CADC SIS First Class Including Berth
lAnL $8 Second Clasi arjd Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails... Feb. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. »
• Short Line to Walla Walla. Epokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In .the Northwest.
Through tlobets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
«30 Market tt
TOYO KIS1N KAISBA.
STEAMKRS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of saitlns.
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 15, 1S01
SS. HONGKONG MARU..Tue»day, April 9, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May S. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate-*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KtW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIi
Stopping at Chtrbourg. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
New York Feb. 271 New York March W
Vaderland ....March elVaderland March 17
St. Louis March Ulst. Louis April I
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Feb. 27 Kensington ;.. March m
Southwark ....March € Noordland ....March 27
Westernland. ..March 13lFrlesland April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. I). TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast.
SO Montgomery street. ,
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 23. 1 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, March 6, at 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday, March 13. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPBEMELS & BROS. CO., General Acsnts. 327 Market St
Ben'l Passsngsr GJfica, 843 Starkat St., Pisr No. 7.. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R, S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 91O5: Steerage, f IO.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St., at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenter office. 330 Market »t-
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COMPANIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAP0RS3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. SalllnK:
SS. COLOMBIA March 7. 1901
PS. TUCAPEL March 20. 1901
SS. AUEQUIPA April 4. 1901
SS. LIMARI :.. April 17. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American ras6en«rer service. (No
chanpe at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 318 California street.
i BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COHPAGN'IE .GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQU2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j.^^.
Salltr.s every ThiirsMav. instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. —"#»«»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. S53 and upward. Second class to
Havre *45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
A., beloved brother of K. A. Quzeles. ' and
nephew of P. N.. P. M.. J. N. and A. N.
Quzeles, a native of Greece, aged 19 years. |
ETFriends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 12:30. o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to the Greek
Church, Powell and Union streets, for ser-
vices. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROTMORE-In this city. February 23, 1901,
Samuel Rotmore, a native of the Hawaiian
Islands, aged SS years.
CTThe funeral will take placa to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
I thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
train from Third and Townsend streets.
STOEVER-ln this ' city. February 23. 1901,
Henry K., dearly beloved husband of Ma-
thilda Etoever, and father of Adele C. and
Lillian D. Stoever, a natl%'e of Germany, aged
48 years 3 months and 2 days. A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. 0- °- F.; Court
Hubertus No. 15. F. of A., and Mission Turn
Verein.
E7Trlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1951 Howard street, near Fifteenth,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Market
and Seventh streets, where services will be
held under the auspices of Harmony Lodge
No. 13, I. O. O. F., commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCTHWARZE— In this city, February 23. 1901.
Lillian, beloved daughter of . Herman and
Elizabeth Schwarze, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 months and 2 days. •
CARD OF THANKS.
JAKNICKE— Mrs. Susie Jaenlcke. and children
express their heartfelt thanks to their many
friends and acquaintances for the beautiful
floral offerings and the kindness and sympa-
thy shown during th«Ir late bereavement of
loving daughter axid sister.
February 24. 1901. LULTJ JAITNTCKE.
Alice C. Bishop, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 8 days.
CRAIG— In thla city. February 2». 1901. "William
B., beloved husband of Johanna Craig, father
of Alma. Lillian. Willie B. and Robert
Craig;, and son of Mary and the late William
Craig, a native of California, aged 41 years
11 months and IS days.
CLIFFORD^-In-.this city. February 23, 1901.
Joseph P., beloved son of Patrick and Ellen
Clifford, and brother of John .TV.' Nellie M.
and William H. Clifford, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 24 years. A member of Rln-
con Parlo'r No. 72. N. S. O. W.
E3'Friend9 and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
#f the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a rgqulem hlcti mass will be celebrated for
th4FTPj>ose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COONEY— In Sacramento. February 22, 1901.
Michael, beloved hueband of Catherine
Cooney, and father of James J., William M.,
Agnes F. and Teiesa B. Cooney and Mrs. G.
W. Ebner, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 46S Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high roRss
will be celebrated for the repose of his aoul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
THE members of the Knights of St. Patrick
are requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Judge M. Cooney. at the above time
and place. R. C. O'CONNOR. President.
JAMKS F. O'BRIEN. Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch will assemble at
their hall, 11SS Mission street, this day (Mon-
day), at 8:46 o'clock. In carriages, to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Michael
Cooney.
DAY— In Alameda. February 24. 1901, Franklin
M. Day. a native of Minnesota, aged 47 years
10 months and 22 days.
DEVLIN— In this city, February 24. 1901, Fan-
nie Devlin, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow |
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 10:40 train from Third and Town-
send streets.
DOHERTY— m this city, February 24, 1901,
Joseph, beloved son of the late Hugh and
Amelia Doherty, and brother of Mary, Mar-
garet, Edmund. James, Millie, Sadie, Ger-
trude, Charloo and Harold Doherty, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
C5"Ths funeral will take place to-morrow i
(Tuesday), at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1315 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem j
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of ihls soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DORMAN— In this city. February 22. 1901. Julia
Lillian Dorman, aunt of Harry Austin of
Oakland, Edwin A. Austin of Topeka, Kans.,
Julia L. Austin of Chicago, 111., and Emma
L. Klepplnger of Pomona, Cal., a native of
Indiana, aged 66 years.
ICyFrietids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Darlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ETHEN— In this city. February 23. 1901. Louis
Aloystus Ethen, dearly beloved Infant child
Of Joseph and JoFenhlne Ethen. and grandson
of Mrs. 1L L. \Yempe. a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 4 days. '
(£3"Friends and acquaintances are resB*ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his rarents. Ill Hermann street, between
Market and Valencia. Interment Holy Cross
Cemntery. by electric car from Fourteenth
and Valencia streets.
FERCHLAND-»In this city. February 23, 1901,
Ida, beloved wife of Charles Ferchland. a
native of Wunschelburg. Schlesslen, aged 31
yecr* 10 months and 19 days.
(T-TThe funeral will take plnce to-morrow
(Tureday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to ft. Boniface's Church, where a
rcQtitem high mass will be oelebrated for the
repose of her eoul. commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, February 23, 1901.
"William Wolf Friedman, husband of Cecilia
Friedman (nee Itaacs), a native of Russia,
aged ii years.
FLACK— In this city. February 24. 1901, George
D. Flack, a native of England, aged 64
years.
OR1G8BY— In Eldrldge, Sonoma County, Cal..
February 23. 1901. WlllUm H. Griasby. be-
loved son of Mrs. Isabel!* Pooley, and father
of Gertrude M. Grlcsby, a native of San
Francisco, aged 45 years. A member of Rincon
Parlor No. 72, N. 8. G. W.
CTFrk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 225 Fourth street, between Howard
and Folsom. Interm«nt Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Fourth and
Harrison streets.
GRKANY— In this city. February 24. 1901,
Eliza Greany, beloved mother of "Fred and
Henry Greany and Mrs. Petersen. and sister
of Mrs. J. Adams, a native of Hesse-Darm-
stadt, Germany, aged «S years.
fc7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
full" lnvlte-d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock.' from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister stre«t. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GREENE— In this city. February 22, 1901.
Annie E. Greene, beloved mother or Clay.
Harry and Melbourne Greene, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 70 years and 8 months.
CThe 'funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. . John's
Episcopal Church. Fifteenth street, between
A'alencia and Mission. Interment private.
IDDINGS— Near Ballarat. Inyo County, Cal.,
February 11. 1901. Henry A. Iddlngs. aged S3
years. Division superintendent of the Mar-
ket-gtreet Hallway' Company.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are reF^*ct-
fully invited to nttend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
former office, corner of Turk and Flllmore
streets. Interment at Warren. Ohio.
LOCKWOOD— in Oakland, February 24. 1901.
Ida L., beloved wife of Charles F. Lockwood.
and mother of I.lllie May. Clara Gertrude,
Charles and Harry Allen Lockwood, a na-
tive of Gold Bridge, Oregon, aged 35 years
4 month and 2 days.
LAWTON— In Oakland, February 23, 1901.
Mabel I., beloved wife of C. H. Lawton, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 9
months and 18 days.
[CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 924 Magnolia street, Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
MARTIN— In this city, February 23, 1901, at
'he Infirmary, Charles, beloved husband of
Mary Martin (late Maclntyre). aged 63 years.
MIELKE— In San Diego. Cal.. February 21.
1901. Meta, beloved wife of the late Charles
Mlelke, mother of John Mielke. Mrs. R. Mil-
ler and the late William and Charles Mielke.
and sister of Mrs. M. Klrehner and the late
Mrs. F. Kuhl, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many.
• E7"The funeral services will ' be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at St. Paul's
German Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Gough streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
McGIFFIN— In this city. February 23, 1901,
James, beloved son of Margaret and the late
James McGlffln, and brother of Mrs. H.
Wollenschlaser. Mrs. Fred Webster and the
late Rutherford McGlffln, a native of San
Francisco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 908 Stelner street. ;
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. February 22.
1901. Frances, beloved wife of George Mc-
Lauchlln, daushter of Emlle Marks, and
• sister ¦ of Manuel and Joseph Key, a native
of Portugal, aged 25 year* 2 months and 13
days.
O'DONNELL— In this city, February 24, 1901.
Ellen, beloved wife of Michael • O'Donnell.
and mother of Jos- ph E. O'Donnell, a native
cf Ireland, agod 65 years.
itTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), from St. James Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a mass of
requiem will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city. February 24, 1901, at th«
residence of the parents.. 233 Dor* street,
. Perry Neville, beloved ton of Peter J. and
Lottie W. Olsen. and brother of Josle Olsen,
a native of Colllnsville, Solano County, Cal.,
aged 5 years 6 months and 2 days.
PHELAN— In this city, February 24. 1901. Mag-
gie, dearly beloved wlfp of Nicholas Phelan,
dcuehter of Jane and the late PatncK Mc-
Donnell, and sister of Frank McDonnell and
Mrs. Kate Corwell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years and 5 months.
fcyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 70S California street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, California and Dupont streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ .
QUZELES— In this city. February 23, 1901. J.
HEtyRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
iEucceesor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M S r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMI1ALMER3.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 29 Fifth st. TeL , South 167. I
ITJNEBAL DIBECT0R? AND KM3ALMER5. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. |
MeAVOY «*s CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
. 1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th,' I
Telephone South 247. ,,. ¦
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
olftttra and secretaries and their families ¦ i«
$30. All others *33. Expensive coffins and or!
naments are seldom used. A niche In the Co"
lumbarlan Is a. monument and saves the cost
of a lot and its care and stone work. Sena for
circular.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.CRIMES DEEMED JOKES
BY THE BOY BURGLARS
Trapper*! Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrucslEta, 60o flask. Richards & Co.. 40« Clay. •
They Escape Before the Arrival of the
Police arid Cannot Be After
ward Identified.
Several drunken rowdies disturbed . an
open air meeting of the Salvation Army
yesterday afternoon and made good their
escape before the arrival of the police.
The Salvation Army people were holding
their usual Sabbath services on Seventh
street, below Market, when the hoodlums
appeared on the scene. The latter com
menced hooting and yelling at the speak
ers. No attention was paid to them ' at
first. They then started In to jostle tha
listeners and one of the army members
politely requested them to refrain. He
was rewarded for his . efforts by a blow
from one of the rowdies that felled him
to the ground. The spectators were about
to interfere when one of the disturbers,
who was standing near the corner, called
out that a policeman was in sight. The
hoodlums did not wait for a second warn
ing. They broke through the crowd and
ran down, Seventh street to seek refuge
In a. saloon. .
When Policeman Tillman. who was on
duty on Market street/ and whose ap
proach caused the hoodlums to run away,
arrived the disturbers ; had . all disap
peared. Unfortunately none ' of the peo
ple present were able to identify the
rowdies, so no arrests were made.
HOODIiTJMS DISTURB
SALVATIONIST MEETING
Park Policeman Manuel de la Guerra
stopped a thrilling runaway In Golden
Gate Park yesterday. At about 4 o'clock
in the afternoon, when the roadways and
footpaths were crowded with vehicles and
pedestrians, a spirited horse attached to a
light rubber-tired rig dashed up the main
driveway in the direction of the panhandle
road. Policeman de la Guerra saw the
runaway and, waiting until the animal
was almost abreas: of him, put spurs to
his horse and dashed in pursuit. The
horse had run a distance of about eitrht
to ten blocks when the plucky officer
seized him by the bridle and stopped hlrn
on the panhandle road, midway between
Baker and Lyon stref ts.
The occupants of the vehicle were J
Keene, 1614 Webster street, and a lady
They were very badly frightened but es
caped injury.
About an hour previously Park Police
man S. M. Thomson stopped a runaway on
the boulevard near the Seal Rock House
The animal, which was owned and driven
by A. I* Reed, 303 California street ran
into the park, where Officer Thomson
caught the reins and brought the rie to a
standstill.
The warm sunshine and the clear blue
sky and Invigorating atmosphere filled the
benches in front of the park music stand
yesterday, but the ground underneath was
muddy and- wet from the' recent rains
Nevertheless the crowds sat and listened
to the music until the last number on tho
programme was ¦ ll.nlshed. It has been
some weeks since me Park has seen so
many equipages, while the footpaths were
crowded throughout the afternoon .
At the Chutes the crowti was not so
large as it has generally been on- Sunday
afternoons for. the reason that the ma
jority of the day's pleasure seekers were
bound for the scene of the Rio de Janeiro
disaster. \The principal attractions in the
theater were the Hawaiian quartet the
Kobers. trapeze performers, and 'little
Irene Kober, the clever contortionist In
the zoo Wallace, the lion, was seen for
the first time in a great new cage. The
zoo family was also increased last week
by the arrival of a diminutive fawn of
the South American variety, standins
but eighteen Inches. in height.
PARK POLICEMEN" STOP
TWO EXCITING RUNAWAYS
PREPARE TO FILE
BISSINGER WILLS
Rumors of Contests Denied
by Parties Who Are Most
Interested,
During the coming week the wills of
Adolph Bissinger and his wife, who were
killed about a week ago in a railroad ac
cident near Mil! Citv. Xev . will bo file!
for probate. Attorney Gerstle, connected
with the firm of Chlckerlng & Gregory,
has the matter in charce.
Considerable care has been exercised in
securing Information as to which of the
two died first, Bissinger or his wife. II
is usually assumed that the female, beln;;
the weaker person, is the first to succumb
to injuries in such cases
Bisslnger was twice married. His first
wife was a Greenbaum. and his second aa
Oppenheimer. Bv the former he had three
children, and by the latter one. Elsie ia
the oldest daughter. She was with her
father and stepmother at the time of the
accident. It is claimed that to her is
willed the bulk of the fortune, which, it
Is estimated, will nearly reach six figures.
Newton Bissinger of Portland, Or., Is an
Interesting figure in the matter. He is a
son of a half or steobrother of the de
ceased. Rumor has it that Adolph Bia
pinger disinherited him, or rather cut him
off from any portion of his devised estate.
Then Bissinger took, it is said, a pen
dipped in red ink and drew a line througn
this clause. He du'.y Initialed it, so as to
emphasize his change of mind.
Attorney Naphtalycf Naphtaly.Frelden
rlch & Ackerman, who are said to be the
legal advisers of some of the heirs, denies
that there is any probability of a contest
In the matter. Mr. Gcrstle does not looK
for any legal complications In the settle
ment of the estate.
HAVANA. Feb. 24.— Independence day xras
celebrated with processions and mass-meeting
tnd general demonstrations of rejoicing. There
was a parade of 10,000 school children bear-
Ins Cuban flags.
VIENNA. Feb 24.— It is feared that matters
in the Austrian Retchsrath are drifting to
ward another dissolution and the probable
filling of all important posts by military of
flcera.
Mariam Christlr.sen. the 8-year-old
daughter of Sands Chrlstlnsen residing at
Soli* Illinois street, had a compound frac
ture of the riRht arm reduced at the City
Im C hTl 5 ' "o'P'tal yesterday. The little
girl had been confined to her bed as a
convalescent patient when she fell out
PUFta ninp the injuries, xx-hich will add to
her discomfort for some time.
kittle Girl's Arm Broken,
The lake is now about 300 to 400 feet
long and 150 to 200 feet wide. In some
f laces it is ,more than twenty feet deep,
n the three years that the improvement
club has been agitating the drainage
question several small children have died
of fever and diphtheria. * Mr. Rutherford,
who ia bereft of his child by yesterday's
tragedy, Is a member of the firm of
Thumler & Rutherford, at 538 California
street.
Soon after tho dinner hour the father
and mother started In search of the miss
ing child. Failing to rind her they went
downtown to notify the police other dis
appearance. While thev were away A. A.
Somerville and F. C. Reynolds, neighbors,
dragged the waters and recovered th-3
body. When the parents returned home
at 10 o'clock they were crief-strlcken to
find the tiny corpse in the house.
Three years ago the Sunset Improve
ment Club, composed of sixty or more in
fluential citizens of the Sunset district
made a determined effort to have the
water drained from the stagnant pool
which had for months been filling up with
the surface water from the Almshouse on
the hill above and from a broken sewer
on Tenth avenue. Provisions were made
by Mayor Phelan that the matter should
be attended to only to adroitly sidetrack
the main issue with suggestions for a free
library in the park. A month ago Engi
neer Grunsky, Chairman Curtis and two
other members of the street committee
of the Board of Supervisors visited the
neighborhood and promised that the
water should be drained away, though
pleading: scarcity of city funds. Mean
while the lake has increased in size and
depth, breeding further disease and un
sanitary conditions in the neighborhood.
At the dinner hour last night Mr. and
Mrs. Rutherford sent the little one cut to
call her 14-year-old Dro'her, Chesley, who
was playing on the opposite bank. Th*
brother responded and started for tha
house, but did not notice that the little
one had, in the meantime, fallen into the
water. ,
Because of tho almost criminal negli
gence of the Mayor and the Board of Su
pervisors little Dorothy Rutherford, a wee
tot of six years, met an untimely death
late yesterday afternoon. Tha little one
toppled over a nteep embankment into a
stagnant lake, bounded by H and J streets
and Thirteenth and Fourteenth avenues,
and was drowned. Three hours later tha
body was dragged from the waters and
carried to the home of tho parents, Mr.
and Mrs. James A. Rutherford. 1254
Twelfth avenue.
Little Dorothy Rutherford
Meets Death in Sight of
Her Home.
CHILD DROWNED
IN STAGNANT POOL
Officer George Gruenwald. detailed Sat
urday night to the scene, was stoned from
the top of the hill. He fired two shots
from his revolver at his assailants scat
tering them quickly.
For some time past the heavy rains have
loosened the rocks that wall one side t*t
Battery street, rendering traffic on the
thoroughfare dangerous. On several oc
casions lareo bowlders have fallen from
their places, narrowly missing pedestrian.-*
and cars. When a section of the danger
ous bluff was ordered removed the resi
dents on the top of the hill believed that
such action would render the foundations
of their homes unsound and threatened
resistance. Saturday night Officer Gruen
wald was patrolling ihe place while th*.
men were preparing to commence the
work, and a shower of rocks rained down
upon him. After several attacks of th'.3
kind had been made the Doliceman drew
his revolver and fired two shots at tho
offenders, causing them to retreat. Yes
terday afternoon four additional Officers
we re sent to the place and order pre-
Yesterday a large force of men were set
to work tearing away portions of the Te!
egraph Hill bluffs overlooking Battery
street, near Union. The cars on the flrst
named street were stopped and police offi
cers protected the men in their labors.
Near by is Gray Bros.' quarry, where
the teamsters are on strike, and this
trouble, with the resistance made by resi
dents on the hill to the destruction of tho
bluffs, made the presence of the officer*
necessary to prevent bioodshed.
Officer Gruenwald Stoned and
Fires Shots at His
Assailants.
AFRAID TO HAVE
BLUFF DESTROYED
Friends of James E. Nichols, the lyric
tenor, formerly connected with Haverlv'B
Minstrels, have arranged a testimonial
concert for his benefit to take place at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s hall to-morrow
evening. Mr. Nichols has been ill for
h?r frSSlii 3nd n60dS remembrai >ce from
A H, e^ cc< r I i cn T t P ro &ramme will be ren
dered by H J Bruhns. James E. Nichols
Black and McCrory. Baby Dody. Minerva
d £ Lb £ nt Heuermann. Dr. Sieberst. Frank
t\\ J h0 JT p t *? n - Mlss Vi °l* Johnson. Miss
Lottie Calsinff. Al Hazzard. Ilutrh Cal
lander. Miss Stella Callander. James G
Fraser. Kelley and Violette of Orpheum
circuit and Maurice Kramer. rpneum
Friends of James E. Nichols, Tsnor,
Arrange for Rousing Testimonial
in His Behalf.
BENEFIT CONCERT
FOR NEEDY SINGER
urday afternoon the boys went to a dairv
at 72S Greenwich street and forced open
two doors. There was only a boy In the
place, and he got frightened and ran out.
Werner and Hippel overtook him and
robbed him of 3'i cents. The detectives
are under the Impression that they are
gui.ty of other offenses. They were both
found at their homes Saturday night by
the detectives. Werner's parents live at
2112 Mason street, and Binnel/s at 809«4
Montgomery avenue. Werner has an elder
brother now doing time for burglary.
The two boys had not been arrested be
fore, and they do not in the least appre
ciate the fact that they have done anv
thing wrong. They thought it was all
fun They &j that Willie Johnson, a
boy IS years of age. who lives near Sec
ond and Folsom streets, advised them to
nVv^. 1 the -i rtld - but th * detectives do
not believe them. Werner Js 12 vears of
fh^wm^VoH ft £ Winff to th^r >™uth
2 Probably be sent to the Bovs'
and Girls' Aid Society Home. *
Ranquets wer«> hrM in the restaurants
by the principal pocioties and were elab
orate and largely attended. The most im
portant ones were he'd in the Hang Far
Low, the Hoc-y S<*n Low and the Yuen
For.g restaurants.
Big Chune. Buckeye. Wong Fook and
£sn Jose Charley set off about $500 worth
of firecracker? each. At 6 o'clock yester
day afternoon the shooting ceased and in
the evening every house was lighted and
•the feasting commenced. The streets
wore ablaze with colored lanterns covered
wjtn heathen fipures.
Yesterday over $lo.oo*v ¦worth- .of fire
crackers were exploded. In every alley
long: strings of the noise-making fireworks
were suspended from windows and drew
the attention of larg-e crowds. Each
ptrlnp. as a rule, held WiO crackers.
The Chinese NVw Tear closed vrith
fsastinje and racket at midnight last
r.igfrt. It wa? nr>e of. the most successful
cPtrbraUph? of its .klnd. : ever held in
Chinatown, with the pxcepttotiof a couple
of rajr.j- afternoons that kept the Mon
golian!! Indoors and prevented them from
mak'.r.e their accu.«tomrd calls.
Ten Thousand rhsllars in. Explosives
Set Off at Close of Chinese.
New Year.
FXREWORKS AND FEAST
END BIO CELEBRATION
. The fmalj burglars forced th* l^ck off
.the door -of F. Mecchi-5 store. 733 Mont-
EOtnetT. avenue, and broke npen a win
o/iw. b::t .before .they- effected an entrance
they Tier* scared away bv a watch-dog.
This ail happened on .Friday night. Sat-
nearly burred off when the f.re was dis
covered by a passer-by and extinguished.
At the toolhouse on Washington
square the boys stole an umbrella and
fomc toots and poured oil over the wheel
barrow : and pet- it .on fire. It was
burned the fire •'• was : discovered.
The "detectives, recovered trie umbrella
«nd tools and returned: them to the.par
<ifn>r. In Charles : Hoir.ze's plumbing
at 714 Montgomery avenue, they
broke, the. handle off the safe, and want
ed to. use powdrr. which they had w4th
:hem. tn blow the safe open, but were
afraid that th*» explosion . might injure
Tb^m. . They i<-.re the telephone box from
th*> wall: and broke it into pieces to se
cure 75 cents hi nickels which was in the
ro^flver. ¦ " . . . -
"This matter, which was to have come before the
Board of Supervisors last Monday, has been postponed
until to-morrow at 2 p. m. I call upon all men who want
to defeat this proposed ordinance to attend that meeting
and use their influence with their representatives. A peti
tion is here to be signed protesting against the reopening
of Ingleside. I call upon every lover of morality and good
government to sign it."
"I call upon the District Attorney or some other friend
of morality to stop our city officers from violating our
city laws by injunction.
"Why hns a Supervisor any more right to violate a
city ordinance than a more humble citizen?
"We have a law on our city statute books that for
bids poolselling and bookmaking. The people at the last
election by a large majority voted not to allow poolsell
ing and bookmaking In this city. Now the Mayor and
members of the Board of Supervisors, elected by the peo
ple, are said 'to favor the reopening of Ingleside race
track in this city? when they know that it cannot and will
not run without poolselling and bookmaking, though it
be limited to the track.
asking that the ordinance be not passed. In part I>r.
Bane said:
A LARGE congregation listened to a forceful
sermon last night by Rev. A. C. Bane at the
California-street MethodistEpiscopal Church
directed against the proposed revival of
horse-racing at Ingleside and the slave traf
fic existing in Chinatown. Thirteen Chinese
girls in charge of ladies from the Presby
terian Mission occupied seats on the platform behind the
pulpit and sang several hymns during the services.
Miss Cameron of the Chinese Mission was expected to
make an address on the slave trade, but she was sum
moned Saturday to Fresno to rescue a slave girl. Mrs.
L. A. Kelly, one of the most earnest Christian workers
in Chinatown, gave an interesting account of her work
there and the difficulties the missionaries and ladies en
counter In their efforts to stop the miserable conditions
obtaining among the Asiatics.
Rev. Dr. Bane declared the city officials could control
the situation if they cared to, and exhorted every one of
his hearers to sign a petition after the services protesting
against the reopening of Ingleside. Nearly every member
of the congregation signed the appeal to the Supervisors
THE TTVO SMALL, BOYS WHO COMMIT BURGLARY AND ROBBERY
AND ATTEMPT ARSON AND LAUGH WHEN IMPRISONED AS IF IT
WERE ALL VERY FUNNY.
"That the voters of San Francisco by a large majority decided against permitting the selling of
pools and gambling in the city and county.
"That said action of the people is binding upon the Board of Supervisors until the subject is
again submitted to the popular vote.
"That the proposed ordinance is in effect a violation of the charter, in that it will be, if adopt
ed, contrary to the will of the people, expressed under charter provisions.
"That if the mandate of the citizens expressed through methods established by charter is to be
disobeyed by officials elected under the charter, then one of the valued and important popular functions
of the charter will be destroyed." ;
"JOSEPH BRITTON. P. H. McCARTHY. JEROME R. ANDERSON.
"HENHY N. CLEMENT. ALFRED CRIDGE. '¦ ¦ ¦ EDWAltD R. TAYLOR.
"A. COMPTE JR. . A. W. THOMPSON. JAMES BUTLER."
The following petition signed by the Freeholders — the citizens who framed the charter under
-which the municipal government is now run, is probably the strongest testimonial against the evil that
could be obtained:
"To the Honorable the Mayor and Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California: ,'
"Gentlemen: Your petitioners respectfully ask your honorable body not to pass the proposed ordi
nance designed for the reopening of Ingleside racetrack and for the re-e stablishment of legalized gamb
ling in San Francisco, and in this behalf your petitioners submit: .. .
"That the establishment of a gambling resort in this city and county will be of incalculable in
jury to the morals of this community.
"That the subject of gambling and poolselling was submitted to the people of this city and county
at the last elsction, under the provisions of the charter governing the submission of questions to voters.
Wben^this immense petition is filed to-day by the Law and Order League, it will not be merely
received and placed on file. A committee from that organization will be present to appeal, if necessary,
to the Supervisors not to violate their pledges by voting to throw the city wide open to the gamblers.
Ministers who are not members of this organization will also be in attendance to show by their presence
that they are oppossd to the reopening of the track.
The Law and Order League is an organization composed- of the leading ministers and citizens of
this city. The efforts of the members have been put forth in a battlo for morality. They are striving
to have slavery in Chinatown abolished, and have also taken concerted action against that terrible evil
— racetrack gambling. When the gambling element tried to sway the minds of the Supervisors by fil
ing a petition alleged to have been signed by three thousand people, who favored the reopening of In
gleside track, the Law and Order League decided to offset the influence such a petition might have with
the board by circulating a petition to prevent race-track gambling.
That the better element of San Francisco is opposed to the reopening 1 of the Ingleside racetrack
was evidenced yesterday, when, in nearly every church the members of the congregations affixed their
namss to the petitions circulated by the Law and Order Leag^ue. These petitions, signed by many
thousand citizens, will bs filed with the Board of Supervisors to-day. It is believed the members of the
board will carefully consider the important question before voting to license gambling within the city
and county.
Thousands of Church=Goers Sign Petition Oppos
ing the Reopening of Ingleside.
CITIZENS WILL PROTEST
AGAINST THE RACETRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, lsux.
PAtXj WERNER and Arthur Bip
pel. the two boys arrested Satur
day night- by Detectives "Wren
and McMahon for breaking Into
Tour • places and setting- lire to
two of tiierri", look upon their doings as a
hupe Joke. They .secured entrance to
each of the places by breaking open a
window. In the shoe.=tore of G. Cataldf.
K2 Montgomery avenue, there is a oarti
tlon nine feet high dividing the- store
from the Grocery adjoining. A man was
asleep in the grocery, and-the boys, after
breaking: into the place, amused them
selves by throwing har.dfuls of brads over
the partition to awaken the sleeper. They
also threw handfuls through the window
at people passing. After, stealing: seven
pairs of shoes and some tools, which they
hid under the side walk, opposite, they re
turned and poured coal oil over the place
and set It on fire "just to scare the pro
prietor," as they said. The !e^s of tha
bench on which the shoemaker sits were
Werner and Bippel, Who Looted Stores and
Attempted Arson, Also Guilty of Robbery.
10
We are receiving daily large
shipments of New Goods, and
will show this week a splendid
assortment of the following:
NEW FRENCH EMBROIDERIES.
Our New Importation or FRENCH EMBROIDERIES has
Just been received. Therj are In Nainsook, Swiss
ana CamDrlc. We nave all wlfltns of Edgings, wltu
lnsertlngs and alloYers to match— in "all about 75
DIFFERENT STYLES.
NEW WHITE GOODS
WHITE CORDED PIQUES, Plain and FanCBJ FANCY
DOTTED SWISS, FRENCH ORGANDIES, NOVELTY
WHITE FABRICS, FANCY TUCKINGS, LAWNS,
BATISTE, LONG CLOTHS and NAINSOOKS.
NEW WASH FABRICS.
New Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities, Mercerized
French Printed Sateens and Foulards. Printed
Challles, ScotGh Ginghams, English Galateas and
Genuine Japanese Wash Crepes.
NEW SILK WAISTS.
Ladles* Taffeta and Peau de Sole Silk Waists, all the latest
shades and newest stules, $4.50 to $15 Each
WHITE SKIRTS AND NIGHT DRESSES.
75 Dozen Ladles 1 Fine White Skirts and Night Dresses,
made of extra aualltu muslin, also cambric, 1 trim-
med with fine embrolderD and lace,
$1.00 up to $5.00 Bach
Our Special Sale of FINE LACE CURTAINS Will
BeContinued All This Week.
III, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
OOLDBERO. BOWEIf ft CO'S 8PECIAL SAVINS. SALS
00LDBEE5, BOWES * CCS SPECIAL SAVI33 8ALB
Bay rum
St. Thomas Island _ _
reg'ly 3Sc bottle 3<3C
Tooth b r us h
Kent's best quality en
reg'ly 35c & *¦$*-
Comb
Hard rubber 9 rr-
made to last— reg'ly 35c . 5
Cologne
Johann Maria Farina '„ x 1,
reg'ly 55C bottle 5 0C
Tooth powder
Llsterated
reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Send for catalogue
43a P>ne 33a Sorer sSoo California San Franclac*
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland '
Broken
: Eyeglass
X/esaes replaced for BO cents.
Any Astigmatic leases duplicated for S1.0O
and 91.5O.
Guaranteed correct and b«at quality.
Oculists' prescriptions fllle«. Factory am
premises. Quick repairing. Plioa*. Mala IX.
' -¦' ¦¦ 4l .' J
OPTICIAN^^Pf*™**^
RAO M c *lINTmC
64Z Market ot. instruments
u.ndcb cHRowtat Buas!w&. Catalogue Fwj.
g «| ga ma pg r| b § «&j|
B9 Mjb f^^^
i—^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
DR.MCNULTY.
nrrcis well-known and reliable old
•L Sp«»cla!lstcwMB!ood Polson,Gonorrhceii,Olwt,
Stricture. Seminal Weakne**. Impotence and tbetr J
alllorl Disorders. I'»ools on Dineiwes of Man, fre«, '
Over20.TearVexpe.r'enc<". Terror reasonable. Honm.
9to3dally;6:30to3. 30ev'K.\. SnndaT».W to 13. Consnl-
talioiifree&nd sacredly confidential. Call oraddrna
p. rohcoe 3icxri/rr. m.d.
gQ.'RtaraySU San Jt'raar.i^ctt. Csl-
IA/. T. HESS,
KCTARY PUBLI2 AtfJ i.TTJftNi/-A£-L».».
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Elds.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 811 California St.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For-th« cur« of GONORRHOEA, GLEET3.
STRICTURES and analogous complainu ot th«
Organs of Generation,
lrlce IX a bottle. For sal* ' by druffslata^
MISSION GROCERS
SPECIAL GASH SALE
TO-DAY. TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY.
TELEPHONE MISSION ».
Choice Creamery Butter per square 27^
Regular size. Last week 35c.
Tii2 Very Best'Selected Eggs per doz 15c
Direct from Highland Poultry Farm.
Soup, I-Sb tins, condensed 3 cans 25c
Assorted. Per dozen 90c
Genuine French Sardines per can 10c
Mahrsell Brand. ' Regularly 12',-jc.
Genuine French Castile Soap per bar 20c
A winner. Regular 30c bar.
Fancy Cal. Cream Cheese 2 lbs 25c
• Soft and creamy. Regularly 20c lb.
Java and Costa Rica Coffee per lb 20c
A trial will convince you aa to quality
Heeularly 25c.
Tomatoes, solid pack 3-Ib tins 10c
Per dozen 11.15. Kegnlarly 12Hc tin.
Full weight and quality guaranteed.
T.H. CORCORAN &C0|
,1201 VALENCIA STREET, SE. CORNER 23d.
gpLDBERG
BOWENT
* X CO
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee
Pasha blend ,__ oi l c*
reg'ly 35c lb *• J **¦*
E ggs
Guaranteed fresh doz I j\c
Butter
Choice creamery f> n r n
reg'ly 40c square 0 D^
Burgundy
Fine rich flavor— reg'ly $1 gal -*•
dilute one third °5 C
Cocoa
Van Houten— Holland * a r\r»
reg'ly 50c J lb can 4 OC
String beans
Clear Lake T o i n
r«g'ly 15c can x * 2
Tomatoes
Alcalde— selected quality 3 for o rr »
reg'ly ioc can j^
Whisky
Gibson rye— full quart d. ..
10 years old— reg'ly $1 40 bot 5
$5 gai 4.OO
For Lent
Shrimps
In glass jars
reg'ly 25c 35c 2OC 30C
Salmon
regMyiSc 20c can Ioc . l 5 C -
Lobster
Very fancy , , rrir
flat cans-reg'ly 25c can 3 f °r 5 O C
Deviled crab
lib cans— try it onr
during Lent— reg'ly 25c u *-
Codfish
Eastern Georges — Whole lb IOC
Choice middies 1 2,C
2 lb boxes — Kodikook 3©C
5 lb boxes— boneless cqc
M a c k e.rel
5 lb pall— white fancy
fish-reg'ly $1 9<->^
rv o y a n. s
A la vatel— reg'ly 15c can ToI/ ,
Sardines with truffle X 2 C
G i n ge'r
i Crosse& Blackwell- preserved o __
white iars— reg'ly 30c "^ 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What, Ho!
¦\ •^J ' { SS.oO and $400 Values,
'^jgM^M. SAILORS
S^W^N LITTLE CHAPS.
A * es 3 t0 10 Ycars >
: '¦': •¦: :'-~^5&£^i h -4 In Checks, Stripes and
: : -&S' ; V . . U|*5: • Mixtures.
\- '; h \ \ i -I ¦ Made With Turn-Back
-!*. \ \ \ &Lj Gauntlet Cuff.
V\j } Swell Suits — Choice
¦ ; ® j Picking.
•^EgM Bargain. Feast at the
iKH I Price,
A % ¦ |§ if / % ¦ i k /""•Union