Susan Mulkey of Tacoma and Mary O'Brien of
¦¦¦ , Leadville Dead in This City — Edna Gray of
San Francisco Commits Suicide in Seattle
REVOLVER BULLETS END
LIVES OF TWO YOUNG
BUT DESPONDENT WOMEN
LONDON. Jan. 26.— Cardinal Vaughan,
In, the course of a very sympathetic: letter
to be - read In the . Catholic /churches > In
London, pays an eloquent tribute to Queen
Victoria," who,' he 'says,* was'J'an object of
the ' greatest reverence, on. the * part 1 of 411
Catholics from the Pope downward.',' ;. ; , \,
• "We fully and acutely; share in the na
tional ' sorrow.'-' .continues * the ; Cardinal,
"and trust' and pray ; that : the noble tradl
tions- tstabllshed'by'Athe ¦mother;; may be'
carried on and perfected . by the ¦ son. r.The
attachment bf.Catho,lics_to the. throne and
the dynasty la* beyond suspicion."'. /..;
CARDINAL VAirOHAN'S TRIBUTE
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— A united memorial
service in honor of her late Majesty Queen
Victoria will be ; held in St. Paul's Epis
copal Church Sunday • afternoon at : 3
o'clock" under the auspices of the British
societies of Oakland. : Rev. John T; Bryan,
rector of? St." John's Churchsof- Stockton,
will preach the sermon. Appropriate | ad
dresses will be made by. Rev. ,W. C. Shaw.
Rev.; M. N. Ray and Rev. R. Ritchie.
MEMORIAL SEBVIOE
r ¦: -£U ' FOR QUEEN VICTORIA
MULKEY. a' prepossessing
womanrfatany shot herself
.^fTy.\ yesterday afternoon in the Royal
,^""^ House v 126 Ellis street, and later
*- : "-- '' passed away irf the McNutt Hos
pital. The 'shooting is said, to have been
an accident, tut .everything points to the '
fact that the girl committed suicide.
• Miss Mulkey came here with her mother
last Monday and they registered at the ,
Royal House under the name of Mr3. Mill- ;
sap and daughter. .They are residents of
Tacoma. Wash., and. came to this city to
attend to some business- connected with
Nome mining claims. E. E. Rosllng. an
attorney of Tacoma. a friend and counsel
for the women, arrived in this city a day
previous to the coming of the mother and
daughter and. he engaged rooms for them
at the .Royal House.
Mr. Rosllng said that he had called on'
the' A mother, and daughter shortly before
noon yesterday and made a report that
was' not -satisfactory. -The daughter^was
hysterical, and neither the mother nor
the attorney could pacify her. Rosllng
finally' left and returned in the afternoon.
Miss Mulkey was still laboring under
mental excitement and they again tried
to .calm her. " The young woman was too
wrought, up, however, and wildly begged,
them to leave her In peace. Her mother
and Mr. Rosllng-then left the room and
had. hardly gone one hundred feet when j
they heard; ft) pistol report. Both hurried
back to th& apartment, and they found
the young woman lying on the floor In a
pool of blood and a pistol by her side.
' Dr. A. D.. McLean, whose offices were
close by, was hurriedly "sent for and he
did all he could xo stanch the flow of
blood. . He found that ths bullet had en
tered the right breast and passed through
her body. The girl was sent In an ambu
lance to the McNutt Hospital, but died
shortly" after her arrival there.
Mrs. • Mulkey was terribly shocked by
her daughter's rash deed. She can only
account for the tragedy by saying that her
daughter was In a ; hysterical mood and
shot' "herself accidentally. She said her
daughter was a lovable £irl and ambitious.
She had been to Nome and had secured a
number of mining claims, which she hoped
would make her independently rich and
she would be able to pursue a course of
study at college. Mrs. Mulkey said that
the pistol used by her daughter had re
posed under her pillow the night before.
They' had been in the habit of carrying
the revolver for protection. On Thursday
night, she said, her daughter had, taken
the weapon from its place of hiding and '
cleaned It.' During the cleaning process
her daughter had handled the pistol with
out fear and with such a disregard for
her safety, that she (the mother) had
tegged her to desist or she would leave
the room. She knew her daughter was
hysterical and that'. she. had received un- \
welcome news about .the business she had
come to this 'city to transact, but she did
not think if was sufficient to cause her, to
take her life!
Mr. Rosllng stated that he was in this
city, on a' pleasure trip with his wlfei and
that while' here was attending to litigation
over the. claims owned /" by the young
woman! :He Intended leaving for Tacoma
last ¦¦ evening, I but : has changed his plans
and will. remain. here until after the In
quest. He said that his clients had come
and * registered -under - the name ; of Mill
sap, which " was .Mrs. : Mulkey's maiden
name,-; to prevent; certain people knowing
of their presence in this city.'- He declined
to state what the, nature of the litigation
was and advised Mrs. Mulkey, not to dis
cuss the matter." '-'' '
., The body was taken to the Morgue. The
Mrs. Mulkey is a sister of former Sena
tor Dolph of Oregon. Eleven years ago.
through Senator Dolph's Influence. Mr.
Mulkey was appointed an inspector of
customs and stationed here. He assisted
in running several bands of smugglers to
earth, but in 1S34 was arrested and
charged with being implicated with the
so-called Lotan gang of Portland and
Astoria in customs frauds. He was con
victed and sentenced to prison. Power
ful influence was brought to. bear in hi*
behalf, with the result that he was par
doned by President McKlnley about three
years ago. He then went to Boundary
Creek, a mining di3trict in British Colum
bia, and later to Dawson. where he has
made some money at mining. He cam*
out this summer, returning just before
navigation closed. Mrs. Mulkey received
letters from him only a few days b«fore
leaving for San Francisco.
Eric E. Rosllngr. their attorney. Is on«
of the best known lawyers In Tacoma.
having formerly been a member and presi
dent of the School Board. Tacoma friends
of the Mulkeys did not know that they
were interested in any litigation calling
them to San Francisco.
Susie Mulkey was 20 years old. She
graduated from the Tacoma High School
in June. 1898, and for a ttm» thereafter
was High School librarian. Later she
fitted herself to be a stenographer and in
June last went to Cape Nome to accept a
position as stenographer there. She re
ceived a good salary and saved a Iargs
part of, it. with which she hoped later
to continue her education In California, or
in the East.
TACOMA. Jan. 23.— Not enough can b«
learned hereto clear up the mystery sur
rounding the suicide of Susan Mulkey la
San Francisco to-day. The friends of the
dead girl and her mother here do not
know why they went to California. Two
weeks ago a little girl living in the same
hcuse at 514 North G street became sick
and it was feared she had scarlatina.
When the question of quarantining the
house was raised Mrs. Mulkey made an
urgent request that the quarantine be not
established until she and her daughter got
away. She said they had urgent business
in Portland and must leave immediately.
They departed for Portland about ten
days ago. Their friends here were greatly
surprised to learn to-night that they reg
istered at San Francisco under another
name. They think the object was to pre
vent any knowledge of their business in
San Francisco from reaching here.
Actions cf the Mulkeys.
Tacoma Folk Unable to Explain
NO CLEW TO MYSTERY.
Kechnle j waA summoned and she expired
a few mir.'Hes after his Brrivaly^
Gray came her "frpnT ~ Portland
four weeks ago,- accompanied by a man
¦whose name is not known to the police.
Several days ago she told OfScer Hubbard
that the man decamped on Saturday last,
taking with him several hundred dollars
belonging to her. leaving her almost pen
niless. She Intimated that she was con
templating suicide.
Edna Gray is said by the police to have
been 28 years old a native of San
Francisco. Her real name was Lena Ful
ham and a few years ago she married 'a
man named Mareno, who recently com
mitted suicide. The police say that the
woman's relatives have believed her to
be dead for several years.
father of the young woman Is well known
In Washington an'd Oregon. He was Im
mediately notified of his daughter's un
timely death.
A pitiful scene was witnessed when, Mr.
Kelly, the dead girl's uncle, was called
from the' Lick House to the place where
his niece had killed herself.' He cried bit
terly and had to. be led from, the room.
When he became calmer he said he knew
of no reason j why j his niece j should j have
killed herself ; except that she was
spondent through Illness. . .' -
.The. fingers of the \ left hand of the dead
girl were ! powder burned' and it Is evident
that : she held the pistol in her right hand.'
pulling , the ; trigger with her thumb, while
she held the; muzzle . close to 'her' left
breast. .-Both -Mr. and Mrs.' Ryan are of
the pDlnlon/ that Miss O'Brien mu8t_have
taken "/ the ; V revolver ., from the ; bureau
dra^werln thelr.bedroom. some time during
the . day.* j The weapon "was 3S-caliber, and
Smith' & make. The Coroner ..will
hold an' inquest to-day, '
Dr.-4 Magulre of the . French Hospital,
which Is directly across the street from
Mr. . Ryan's home, was sumoned, but he
declared that death had been instantane
ous. >Dr. Maguire notified the Coroner and
the. body was removed to the Morgue.
Mrs. Ryan saia. that Miss O'Brien was
despondent and was crying on the street.
They returned j to the house - and Miss
O'Brien went, to her bedroom, while: Mr.
and Mrs. Ryan retired to rest. A few
minutes after they retired Mn and -Mrs.
Ryan heard a muffled sound. Mrs. Ryan
thought that the bed of Miss O'Brien had
given way and asked her husband to see
if the young lady wanted any help. He
knocked at her bedroom door and, receiv
ing* no -response, opened the door,, but
found the room empty. Walking to the
rear of the flat he opened the dining-room
door ¦ adjoining . the kitchen and /was
shocked to see the body of Miss O'Brien
stretched on the ; floor . in death., Mr.
Ryan's revolver lay by her side and a ter
rible wou/id over the heart told the man
ner of her death. •
Miss O'Brim was the favorite .niece of
D. Kelly, a mining man of Sonora, who is
at present stopping at the Lick House.
He defrayed all her 'expenses and since
his arrival in San' Francisco has* been
most assiduous In caring for the. young
woman. Last ¦ evening he called at the
house where she was staying and took her
to fllnner at a downtown destaurant. She
seemed In bright spirits during the meal
and bade her uncle an affectionate good
night when he took her home.' He did
not see her again until he her
body cold in d.eath in ,the room where she
ended her life.
That the young woman premeditated self
destruction is shown by. the statements of
Mr. and Mrs. Ryan, with whom she lived.
Mr. Ryan, who is an employe of the San
Francisco .Gas Company, said last night
that he was the owner of the revolver
with which Miss, O'Brien shot herself. He
kept It in ' a bureau drawer in his bed
room and had not used It for. many
months. Last evening after Miss O'Brien
returned home she went for a short walk
with Mrs Ryan. •
<-|i^>; ESPONDENT" through ! long ill-
. I ) ness,''. Mary O'Brien, ."a..". nrctty
i\ I .v"/#.]iwpma.n, .25 years^ old, ended. her
"*-™""f_^ : life shortly after; 10 'o'clock last
" :: '- "' ' * night * : shooting * herself
throughthe heart. • The scene of the pul
cic'e was 1616 Point Lobos avenue, where
Miss O'Brien had been living- for the past
two years with Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Ryan.
The unfortunate young woman was for
merly a resident of Leadvllle. Colorado,
and on aceount of illness was obliged to
come to this city to live. Her father died
some years ago and her mother still re
sides In' Leadville, while a brother lives
In Tuolumno. County.
THE HAGUE, Jan. 25.— An official of the
Ministry of Justice at 11 o'clock this morn
ing delivered at the Town Hall ; a formal
deed, signed . by \ Queen Wilhelmlna ami
Duke Henry -of Mecklenburg.^ each ¦ de
claring . a, desire to be ' Joined. In matrl-'
mony. .Flags were' at once; hoisted- on' the
Town Hall, all churches and 'other buihl
ings. The royal banns will be read for the
Jlrst time Sunday. '. Jauuary '27. ' •
DECLARE DESIB.E TO
BE JOINED : IN MATRIMONY.
Edward VII. who will be amply pro
vided for by the country, and tne.Duka
of York, who comes into the Duchy of
Cornwall and will. be the Prince of Wales,
will probably not be sharers In the laid
Queen's private fortune.
Estimates made b'v the best Informed
persons in the financial field fix the valuo
of Queen Victoria's private estate at
something between $50,000,000 and $60,000,000.
Parliament., uppn ,her. accession, granted
her' $1,250 ,000. a,' year.. That sum, It was
estimated, would- maintain the royal es
tablishment and leave the sovereign $300.
000 f cr pocket money or personal expenses.
Since the death of Albert, the Prince
Consort, It Is asserted her Majesty ha 1 *
saved $250,000 a year of. that sum. Th'.s
money, together with Its Increment, has
been Invested under '.he best advice that
London, the financial center of the wond,
could supply: 'Added to It and accumu
lating each year. Is: the rum of $2,300,030,
the private fortune of Ihe Prince Consorl.
which was bequeathed to the Queen. She
was also the -legatee of 'many admiring
subjects, one of them deeding $2,500,000.
It Is believed that one of the last acts
cf .Queen Victoria was to signify a wish
that the testimonial sent by the children
of Canada should be handed over to the
Royal Patriotic Commissioners | for tho
benefit of the widows and orphans of sol
diers,killed; In. South Africa. This desir-i
was communicated to | the j commissioner*
in a letter 'from the Colonial Office dated
the day of -her death. The testimonial of
the children of Canada conslcted of ths
sum of £3399. .which Mr. Chamberlain for
warded to the Royal Fatriotlc Commis
sioners the day Queen Victoria died.
COWES. Jan. j 23.— Queen Victoria's
will wm opened and examined by ;
the duly'.' constituted authorities.
Nothing will ever, be made' pub- i
lie as to tha. provisions of the in-J
sitrutnent-j.rir the' "amount 'of f , j her v prlvat«;i
fortune. It Is generally suppoVed'that'thta 1 '
preliminary ¦ injspe^ctCon'was; made ,in order -
to- follow exactly her Majesty's directions
in regard to her'funeVali"
It is known that }he Queen made a will
early In her reign, which was repeatedly -
altered" and_ added to as children and
grandchildren were borr* end as her es
tates rapidly in value. This
proceeded until 1596, when her Majesty
decided to have an entirely new documen'
drawn, and with f?r eat personal care this
was accomplished."
Those in a position to make any sorr
of a guess as to the provisions of the
Queen's will declare that Princess Beat
lice, widow of Prince Henry of Batten
berg, will be . the principal beneficiary -
She. Is the Governor cf the Isle of Wight
and will probably* Inherit Osborne House
and the whole, estate surrounding it. Then
the Duke' of Connaught and his sons, who
have been great favorites with Victoria,
will, receive a large portion of he for
tune. The Duke jWill probably become
the owner of Balmoral and the Scottish
property.
Grandchildren who are expected to.re
ceive the larcest bcauests are the two
children of .Victoria's youngest son. the
former Duke of Albany.
The Queen's second daughter. Prlnces3
Christian of- Schloswig-Holstein, is not
rich, and if is expected that she and her
four children will be liberally provided
for. •
Ing. * . * '-' '
The House then adjourned until Febru-
LONDON. Jan. 25.— Both houses of
Parliament received this after
noon Identical messages from
¦the King- and. voted condolence
•with his Majesty on his bereave
ment and congratulation on, his accession
to the thror.e.* The Lbrd*Charicc!Ior! Lord
-Haisbury. ¦««**-¦» h«r er^mUarr-WUUaLm-Oourt*
Gully, read the message In the respective
houses. It was as follows:
"Edward, Rex— The Kine is fully as
sured that the House of Commons will
share the deep sorrow which has befallen
his Majesty and the nation by the lament
able death of his mother, the late Queen.
Her devotion to the welfare of her coun
try and her people and her wise ' and
beneficent rule during the sixty-four years
of her glorious' reign will ever be held In
affectionate memory by her loyal and de
voted subjects throughout the dominions
of the British empire."
In both houses the' galleries were filled
i with a notable gathering of peeresses and
j diplomats. Mr. Choate. United States Em- ;
bassador; .Mr. White, secretary of the"
.United States omliassy, and x-T. Chester.
the^second secretary, and-thelr wives were :
in the galleries of the House -of .Lords.. \
Lord Salisbury moved the reply to the
King's mespage'in a speech full of emo-'
tion. He said that In performing the sad
dest duty that had ever fallen -to him he.
was only echoing accents of sorrow deeper,
than he had ever known of' this nation,'
which had been called forth by the singu
lar loss which, under the dispensation of
Providence, they had suffered, and their,
admiration of the glorious .reign and
splendid character* of the sovereign they
had lost. Being a constitutional monarch,
with restricted powers, she had reigned
not by sheer force of character, but by.
the lovablcness of her disposition and by
her hold on the hearts of her subjects.
The example which she set of governing
by love and esteem would never be forgot
ten, nor how much she assisted In the
elevation of her people by the simple con
templation of her brilliant qualities as a
wife, mother and woman. Her wonderful
ability of observing with absolute strict-:,
ness the. limits of her powers as a consti
tutional sovereign and at the same time
maintaining steady and persistent influ
ence over the actions of her Ministers In
spired the greatest admiration. She al
ways maintained a rigorous supervision
over public affairs, giving her Ministers
the benefit of her advice and warning
them of danger*. No Minister could d!s- i
regard her views or press her to disregard
them without feeling he had Incurred a
great danger. She brought the country
peacefully through a great change-from
old to new England. She possessed ex- '
traordinary knowledge of what people
think.
In the House of Commons A. J. Balfour,
First Lord of the Treasury and Govern
ment leader, In moving the address In re
ply to the message, said the House in all
Its history had never met under sadder
circumstances or with a clearer duty to
express the universal \ sorrow extending
f-om end to end of the empire. The sor
row was felt not only as a national, but
an Irreparable personal loss. It was hard
yet to realize the magnitude of the blow
which had fallen on the country- In the
whole history of the British monarchy
there had never been a case in which the
national grief had been so deeply Eeated.
In moving a double response of condol
ence and congratulation Mr. Balfour said
they had unfailing confidence that the
great Interests committed to the new sov
ereign were safe in his keeping.
Sir Henry Canipbell-Bannerman, the
Liberal leader, - seconded the motion,
which was adopted, the' members stand-
Message - Sent by Kiag F4ward . to
President HcKlnley.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25,-Followlng is
the text of the .reply which the President
received from King; Edward VII in answer
to his message of condolence on the death
of the Queen:
"OSBORNE, Jan. 24. 1901— The President.
White House, Washington: Am grateful
for your kind pyrapathy In the Irreparable
loss the nation and I have sustained. I
have felt convinced that it would be
shared by you and the American people.
"EDWARD R."
GBATEFUI, FOB -SYMPATHY.
COWES. Isle of Wight. Jan. 28.—
The royal family yesterday took
their last lovlr.g look at the fea
tures of the dead Queen. About
10 o'clock in the morning the cof
fin Tvas taken into the bedroom, where _
were «-&!ffc* King Edward",'Emperor3*11
l'.am, the Duke of Connaught. Sir James ]
P.e!d and the royal ladies. Theiatter hav- i
ing retired. Sir James Reid with reverent j
har.ds. assisted by three trusted house- j
bold servants, anfi in the presence of the j
King, the Err.peror and the Duke, re- 1
moved the body from the bed to the coffin.
In death it was lovelier than in the
closing davs of life. Net a trace of the
ravages of disease was visible. The serv^
ants having retired. Queen Alexandra, the
Princess and the children were recalled,
and with lingering steps and stifled sobs
they passed f lowly before the white robed
nr.d peaceful figure. At the foot, never
moving, stood the King, and when the
mourning crowd had passed- there re
mained only the son and the grandson of
th* dead.
Err.peror William wept even more bit
terly than the* royal ladle*. • Finally he
also retired and the King was left alone.
Fir Jamrs R,cid/ beckoning to the serv
ants, who were 'holding the coffin lid. ask
e-I the King's instructions.
For a few ' seconds '. the King stood
¦ep«»echless. -etricken with emotion at the
last farewell.. Then he said .quickly:
'•Close It finally. It must not be opened
eg-ain."
Thus the remains of England's greatest
rul<°r were forever closed from human
view. Reverently , the coffin was borne
into the dining-room. Officers and men
fr^m ' the royal yachts took their stand
around the coffin, over which the King,
Queen and Kaiser gently laid the robes
of a Knight of the Garter, placing at the
head a diamond crown. Beneath lay the
royal ensign, while hanging above was the
union Jack.
At the altar was the rector of Whip
p!rgham, who read a portion of the fu
neral service In the presence of the royal
fain!!}*. Emperor William covered his
fare with his hands and the grief of Prin
cess Beatrice was pitiful. After the bene
diction each placed a 'wreath upon the
coffin and then all retired.
According to a rumor circulating at Os
borne. King Edward desires himself to be
styled "his Imperial Majesty." in order
to emphasize the face that he Is Emperor
as well as King.
To-day (Saturday) the local volunteers
and the forces in the vicinity will pass
through the chapelle ardente. After these
•will pass the corps of correspondents of
the leading papers of the world,
A very remarkable feature of all the
proceedings Is the Intense martial air
which pervades tnem. The naval parade
off Spithead is to be the greatest. If pos
sible, th* world has ever seen, and the
military arrangements at Windsor will
eclipse anything of the kind ever at
tempted.
To-night grenadiers are mounting their
r.Slcnt guard over the coffln^ with arms
crossed and heads bent. The silence is
unbroken save by an occasional shuffle by
the eoldlera In chaaglng their uneasy po
sition.
THE YOUNG WOMAN WHO SHOT HERSELF IN THE ROYAL HOUSE AND AFTERWARD DIED IN THE Mc-
NUTT HOSPITAL AS THE RESULT OF THE SELF-INFLICTED WOUND. AND HER MOTHER. WHO SAYS
IT WAS ACCIDENTAL. „ , : : .
DUKE OF CONNAUGHT AND THE PRINCESS BEATRICE, WHO ARE REPORTED TO BE THE PRINCIPAL BEN
EFICIARIES IN THE WILL OF QUEEN VICTORIA. THE CONTENTS OF THE WILL HAVE NOT BEEN MADE
PUBLIC. BUT THE VALUE OF THE ESTATE LEFT IS ESTIMATED AT FROM FIFTY TO SIXTY MILLIONS.
Grief of the Group of Royal Mourners Beside the
Bier as the Lid of the Coffin Is Closed by King
Edward's Command— Tributes Paid to Victoria
Marshal Bennett returned from Eufaula
this morning after a visit with five depu
ties to the home of Chief Snake. "When' he
first entered Snake's house there were but
three people there. In less than twenty
minutes' time forty .light horsemen, In
dians of Snake's" band, gathered. They
were all heavily' armed, but offered no
bodily harm to the officers. The Indians
had been picketed round about, evidently,
to protect their chief or to give warning
of an attack. Snake was not to be found
and Bennett left word for. him to come to
MUskogee or Eufaula for a conference.
A Muskogee. I. T.. special says: The
Creek uprising continues dangerous,
troops having as yet failed to arrive.
United States Marshal Bennett has cap
tured the 17-year-old son of Chief Snake,
and has notified the latter that the boy
would be held as a hostage until the In
dians surrendered. The Indians have so
far refused to surrender, and* to-day are
holding two councils, near Brlstow and
Rush Hill. A dispatch from Bristow this
morning states that the threatened attack
on that town had not yet begun, but that
the citizens were continuing to arm them
selves and prepare for an emergency.
Marshal Bennett expresses fear of blood
shed If the troops ordered from Fort Reno
do not arrive soon. They were expected
this morning.
At 1 o'clock the Governor held a con
sultation over the, telephone with Colonel
Hoffman and Sheriff THghman at Chand
ler, and 'they stated that many 1 depreda
tions were being committed over the line
in the Creek reservation, both by the In
dians and by outlaws, but that up to that
time nobody had crossed the line and
there was no positive evidence of any in
tention to cross or to commit any overt
acts on this side of the line. The Governor
advised that a close watch be kept along
the line and advice sent him of any overt
act against citizens or property in Okla
homa, but that until there was some at
tempt to cross the line or commit some
such act he should not feel that he would
bo justified In ordering the National
Guard to the scene.
"Situation along our border serious. I
cannot, be responsible .tor ) the. safety, of
our people unless militia is ordered out at
once. ¦ .. ;*{; 'it l- .'. ' :'M. , ¦*" , :
"WILLIAM TILGHMAN. Sheriff."
¦ A Guthrie, O. T.. special says: Governor !
Barnes to-day ordered a military company
each at Chandler and Shawnee. O. T., to
be in reailtnes3 to start "at any ; moment
for the Indian Territory line. Three thou
sand rounds of ammunition were, provided,
for each company.'. Oovernor Barnes re
ceived many iiessages to-day from citi
zens of Stroud and Chandler, which are
situated near the Creek Nation, asking
that militia be pent at q'nee to Indian Ter
ritory to protect life aijd property by pa
trolling the line. There Is apparently lit
tle fear of the Indians; but there is dan
ger that outlaws" who -.infest the Creek
country wil^ taid- banks, and stores In
Oklahoma under" 'the "guise of Indians.
Governor Barnes, will not send, the: troops
unless the situation becomes more threat
ening than at' present.:,! . ,„• \; ; ..j £j i
,v Matters seemed to have quieted down
yesterday. mcrriin5Jn«^h« Indian, 'scare
along Vhei.' eastern ' border.' $ At noon :i the ¦
following • telegram • was*- 'received -by '..the'
Governor: '
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 25.— General Lee re
ceived a telegraphic report to-night from
Lieutenant Dixon; commanding the troop
of cavalry sent to the scene of the Creek
Indian troubles: '"He/states that he has
not yet made a' full investigation, but has
learned enough to warrant his saying that
the reports .of an | uprising . have i been
greatly exaggerated. Thus far he has en
countered no Indians,'- and- from civilians
he learned there had been no violence on
the part of the Indians, and he anticipates
none. The report from Lieutenant Dixon
comes from Henrietta, which place he
reached during the forenoon.
Lieutenant : Dixon; Commanding the
Troop of Regulars, Reports the .
.". Uprising : Exaggerated.
Militia ol pklanoma Held
in- Readiness to Meet •
¦Emergencies.
Outlaws Jjing More
Damage fple
Indians. !
DEPREDATIONS
IN THE CREEK
RESERVATION
REMAINS OF THE QUEEN
ARE FOREVER SHUT FROM
THE VIEW OF HUMAN EYES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY;: JAN UARY 2*6, 1 9( >1.
TOLl-VE LXXXIX-NO. 57.
SEATTLE, Jan. 25.— Because a man.
with whom she had until recently
associated, deserted her. after
having relieved her of a consider
able sum of money, Edna Gray.
formerly of San Francisco, last night
ended her life by swallowing fully an
ounce cf pure carbolic acid. The suicide
occurred in room 23 of the Welcome
House. Shortly before 11 o'clock the In
mates cf the house heard moans coming
from the room occupied by the woman
and an investigation revealed that she
was suffering from the effects of some
virulent poison. City Physician Mc-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.FAMILIAR FIGURES AT SACRAMENTO DEPICTED BY- THE CALL'S CARTOONIST.
Bolinas Beach Oil Claims.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 23.— There promises
to be* a- lively time on the Bolinas Beach
before long. Some months ago a number
CHICO, Jan. 25.— Graduating exercises
were held at the State Normal School to
night,' H. Welnstock of Sacramento deliv
ering the address. The * graduates are:
Lillian H. Baker. Anna Pearl Calder. Sel
don Carl Campbell. Blanche Oenevieve
Clements, Katherine Dowllng, Bertha
Irene Fish, Mabel Edythe Garvin, Mar
garet Harkness. Elizabeth Wlnona Hen
dricks, Clara March Hicks. Pauline Anna
Jackson, Tillie Kean, Mamie B. Lang.
Elizabeth Frances Myers, Rachael Maude
Myers, Winifred Irene Northgraves, Ada
Ellen Rose, Bruce Richardson, Anna Or
lena Stephens, Jesse Jackson 'Waste and
Maude Wynn. - - •¦
Normal School Graduates.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 23.— Professor L. M.
Hosklns, professor of mathematics In
Stanford University, had a narrow escape
from death by . electrocution at his home
last, night. Professor Hosklns was taking
a bath and reached up to turn on an elec
tric light. Through an imperfect insula
tion he received a heavy current of elec
tricity, which rendered him unconscious
for a half hour. - ;
cape From Death.
Stanford Professor Has a Narrow Es-
AT.MOST ELECTROC U TKD.
.•VANCOUVER. B. C. r Jan.* 25.-7 While the
steamer Titus was fat the ( Gilbert | group
at ! Butaritari island on November. 16 some
excitement.* was - caused '-by- a • terrific . re
port. The. natives -had heard 'it .and 'were
terribly frightened, .but they could; offer
no : explanation.-* The "opinion "was 1 ex
pressed that | It* was • due -. to: a' severe • vol-'
eanic disturbance on ••some' -neighboring
Volcanic' Disturbance.
. WOODLAND, Jan: 25.— The first session
of the Yolo Farmers' Institute; was: held
this morning. Professor " Fowler lectured
on alfalfa. At the afternoon session Pro
fessor Wickson lectured' on the best meth
ods of Improving tho dairy herd. and' also
onaome. of the,-' principles observed :in
butter-making. Professor Fowler lec
tured on co-operation: There will be two
sessions ofthe institute on:Saturday. ' ¦,
Farmers' • Institute at Woodland.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 25.— R. E. Wells,
late general manager of the Ash Fork,'
Prescott and Phoenix Railroad Company,'
has 1 been decided upon. as general, man
ager of the new San Pedro, Los, Angeles
and Salt Lake Railroad Company, as soon,
as that corporation absorbs the present
Los Angeles Terminal and begins active
business. .; , .-¦ ¦ ' .'_ ¦ : ' " '.'':'
Wells to Bjb General Manager.
Wounds a Bystander.
NOG ALES. Jan. 25.— Walter McCurdy ,
a prominent young attorney, shot and seri
ously wounded Frank Main, a well known
gambler, last night. The shooting oc
curred in the Palace saloon. McCurdy
had trouble with another gambler and the
shot which hit Main was intended for, the
other man. The ball struck Main in. the
neck and ranged downward, lodging in his
side. He Is still alive and is expected to
recover. ¦¦"'."'
. TACOMA, Jan. 25.— Unattended by the
little consolation that might have been of
fered to a man about to be hurled into
eternity at the end of the rope, Martin
Stickel marched upon the scaffold and
met his doom at 9:55 o'clock this morning
at Kahuna. The hanging was successful
in that the murderer was 'killed almost
Instantly, but the drop was too far, and
the result was that the flesh of^ his neck
was horribly torn. The hanging was wit
nessed by 200 persons. Among them were
a number' of physicians.
When the trap was sprung the body
shot down through the opening and when
'it stopped with a jerk, blood spurted from
the neck. ' Even the physicians present
were appalled and hesitated when it came
time to step forward to note the pulse
of the swinging man. Stickel did not
struggle in /the least. His neck was
broken.
True to his promise made a few weeks
ago to Sheriff Klrby, Stickel marched to
the gallows like a brave man. He walked
steadily to the scaffold, supported by the
Sheriff's deputies. ¦ He sat unmoved and
with arms folded while Sheriff Hunting
ton read the death warrant. As the mur
derer was escorted to the platform a mur
mur .of surprise ran through the crowd.
Tnere was no minister, nor priest, nor
other person accompanying him to offer
religious consolation in j his hour of ex
tremity. This was the more surprising
since the man's confession had been ob
tained after he professed to have been
converted while in jail in Tacoma through
the work of members of the Salvation
Army. On the scaffold Stickel weakened
a little and his face became livid. In a
shaking voice and somewhat Incoherently
he said: . ;
"Gentlemen— I wish you all good-by. I
will meet you on the other shore. God
bless all of you." ¦ V
A brief pause followed while the final
adjustments were being made about the
scaffold: then ;Stlckal continued: "God
help me." As he weakly uttered these
words the black cap was quickly adjust
ed and all was ready,
a much stronger and steadier voice
and in the form of a wild, pitiful appeal,
Stickel eatd: "Jesus, take me now." At
that ' instant the trap - was sprung. The
drop was fully seven and one half feet.
The murderer's body was turned over to
the mother.
Martin Stickel ¦ confessed that he ; mur
dered -three persons. His victims were
William B. Shanklin, who lived on a farm
near Kelso, and Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius
Knapp, an*agm couple, living near. Castle
Rock. \ V
' Shanklin was shot while eating supper
some. time in November, 1899; and nls body
was cremated in: the house, which was
burned, to; the ground by. the. murderer.
,The ¦ crime remained a - my stery f or , more
than a year; and not until after. the mur
der of Cornelius Knapp and his wife did
the authorities get a clew to the mur
derer. ..The • Knapps: were shot while at
supper on; November 28. 1000, and the fact
thatthe shots were fired through the win
dow; in the same manner as in the Shank
lin assassination, led the authorities to be
lieve that the same man -had committed
all three murders. " . •.-- - ' •
Sticker lived on a scow at the mouth of
the Cowlltz River. Shortly after the
Knapp ' murder • his - movements became
mysterious. ' Sheriff Kirby of - Cowlltz
County and Detective Samuel Simmons of.
Portland arrested •¦ him and ¦ found ¦ on his
person Shanklin's-watch and keys.^ Stickel
maintained his Innocence for a* time, but
finally he made a partial confession, im
§ Heating ; his - neighbor, Edward Pierce,
tickel asserted that he was present when
the murder was ; committed, but that
Pierce did the shooting. After It became
knewn that' Stickel , had -made a-confes
¦ slon there * were threats of . lynching-, and
the; Sheriff, took .the prisoner, to Tacoma
for safe. keeping. .While in Jail there he
Joined the Salvation Array and soon there
after made a full confession that he com- 1
mltted all three murders and that he was
unaided." His--motlve'was robbery.- " t ¦•.
Special Dispatch to The Call
.Noose Almost Severs the
Head of Murderer
Stiokel.
HANGMAN DOES
BUNGLING WORK
of persons filed mining claims on tha land
below the high water mark on both sides
of Duxbury reef. Their Intention was to
cover the oil property • supposed to be
there. Yesterday Houston Jones, who was
one of the first to discover oil and gas
Indications in that region, filed several
claims on the beach inside of the reef.
The bill also provides the usual quali
fications for pilots and tho usual offenses
for which their licenses may be revoked.
It goes further, and provides that when
complaint In writing is made against a
pilot the Commissioners "must" tempor
arily suspend him until an Investigation
shall have Deen completed; also that If
his license be revoked ha cannot obtain
A similar commission 1* provided for
Humboldt Bay to regulate the Humboldt
bar pilots.
The bill was introduced by both Senator
Maggard and Assemblyman McLaughlin
by request, but neither will say who is
its author. It is not expected that the
blh will meet anything but the fate of
previous bills of the same character, all o£
which have been killed.
Pilotage fees are fixed by tho bill as
follows: All. vessels or under 600 tons, $3
per foot draught and 2 cents per ton for
every ton net registered measurement. In,
all cases where inward bound vessels ara
not spoken until inside the bar, the rates
of pilotage shall be reduced 50 per cent.
Vessels whose masters or mates have
pilots' licenses and which display the re.
quisite signals shall be exempted from
pilotage fees. It is provided that a pilot
who brings a vessel in shall be entitled to
take her out again.
By an oversight, no> provision was mada
in the bill for vessels over 500 tons burden,
but this will be fixed by amendment.
month for the secretary of the board and
$400 a month for the maintenance and
repair of each pilot boat in actual ser
vice, the number of boats not to exceed
four. The remainder of the revenue from
§llotage, the bill provides, shall go to tha
tate. •
SEATTLE. Jan. 25. — On. tho shore of
Lake "Washington, four miles from the.
heart of Seattle, lies the body of a well
dressed man with a large knife sticking
in his throat. Who the man is and where
he came from is yet a mystery to tho
police. Acting Chief of Police Meredith
did not conceal his belief that the strang
er had been, foully dealt with. Owing to
a peculiar combination of circumstances,
neither the Coroner's office nor the police
were able to get to work on the case until
late in the afternoon. In trying to find
the body they" became lost in the woods
and darkness came on before they com
pleted their mission. Two boys who first
discovered the body and were sent out
with the searching party, became per
plexed as to the direction in the dark
ness and finally gave up the task.
The story told by the boys to the police
is generally credited among the/detec
tives, and it is believed that to-morrow
morning sensational details will come to
light. The boys said they were out in
the woods. on the shore of the lake late
In the afternoon, and while working their
way through a dense? part of the sldehlll
overlooking the lake they stumbled upon
the body of a man. It was clad In
clothes of excellent quality. They saw
a knife sticking in the neck of the corpse..
The boys fled from the spot as soon as
they could recover from their fright.
They expressed the opinion that the man
had been dead for some time, as there
was a bleached appearance about the
face, indicating exposure to the elements.
Special Dlspetch to The Call
Boys Find the Body* of a
Murdend Stranger Near
Seattle.
KNIFE STICKING
IH HIS THROAT
GALLi HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 25.— Senator Mag
. gard in the Senate and McLaugh
, lln'In the 'House have introduced
a bill that will bring pilots up to
Sacramento with blood in their eyes. It
changes the pilot system completely and
limits the salary of a pilot to $300 a month.
The bill abolishes the present Pilot Com
mission and substitutes in its place one
Pilot Commissioner each from San Fran
cisco, Mare Island, Vallejo and Benlcia.
whom the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners shall appoint and control. It
is provided that these Commissioners
shall be ship masters. Or at least nauti
cal men. They are empowered to examine
and license not more than twenty nor
less than ten pilots for the bay and bar
of San Francisco, and not more than two
for Mare Island. Vallejo and Benicia.
They may also issue pilot licenses to
masters and mates of American vessels.
It is provided that every general pilot
of the harbors- of San • Francisco, Mare
Island, Vallejo and Benicia must render
an account each day, and the pilotage
fees of all vessels to which or for which
he has rendered oeHrlces must b« eharir«l
up and collected by the Commissioners,
who shall deposit the amount with the
State Treasurer. The Commissioners
shall draw from the State Treasurer suf
ficient to pay the expenses of the pilot
boats and not to exceed $200 a month sal
ary for each general pilot licensed and
actually rendering services that produce
an income equal to such salary; also $200
a month for each Commissioner. $100 a
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.— Chief of Police
Sullivan this morning received from Cap
tain Seymour of San Francisco a circular
letter describing a lot of Jewelry recently
stolen from a store there. Detectives
Fisher and Fitzgerald of this city were
handed the circular. They learned that a
well-dressed young man had visited an up
town Jewelry store and exhibited a ring
set with several pure white diamonds.
This afternoon the detectives found in a
downtown variety theater a man answer
ing tho description of the ring wearer. He
was taken to the police station,- where his
clothes panned out a half-dozen fine dia
mond rings aggregating In value $600.
The young man gave his name as James
Mitchell, alias Charles Wilson, alias Ma
sury. He admitted to the detectives that
he had stolen the jewels from a room In a
hotel' in San Francisco, and that other
jewelry which was among the plunder
was disposed of in that city. The
prisoner said that Masury was his true
name and that ho hailed from Boston. He
will be taken to San Francisco to-morrow.
Mr3. Julia Lincoln, who gives her resi
dence an the Leepalmer House, on Mason
street, reported to Captain Seymour that
she had been robbed of a box containing
jewelry amounting to more than $1000.
According to her story some one entered
her apartments while she was in the bath
room, and finding where her Jewels were
kept got out of the house before the alarm
could be given. ' V
Soon after tho loss Mrs. Lincoln learned
of the hasty departure of William Mon
tieth, a young man living in the house,
and suspicion was directed to him. It was
found that Montleth had gone to Sacra
mento, and Mrs. Lincoln accordingly
swore out a warrant for his arrest. Cap
tain Seymour took the precaution to have
the man detained in the capital city,
and to-day Detective Crockett will jour
ney thither and .bring him back to this
city, where he will be charged with the
theft.
Special Dispatch' to The Call
Recover Gems Stolen From
th« Leepalmer in San y
Francisco.
POLICE CAPTURE
DIAMOND THIEF
GALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 25.— Dunlap has in
troduced in the Assembly an ap
portionment bill to divide the
State into Congressional districts.
It is his former bill, slightly modified.' He
districts the State as follows:
1— The counties of D«l Norte, Humboldt, Las-"
sen. Lake, Marln, Mendoctno, Modoc, Napa,
Plumas, Shasta, Slsklyou, Honoma, Tehama,
Trinity. ¦
2-^rhe counties of Amador, Alpine, Butte,
Calaveras, El Dorado, Nevada, Placer, San
Joaquln. Sacramento, Sierra, gutter and Tuba.
3— The counties of jWameda. Contra Costa,
Colusa, Glenn.' Solano and Yolo. '
4— Part of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, to be decided upon later.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' • >
6 — AH that portion of the city and county of
San Francisco not embraced In the | Fourth
District. * : .
6— The counties of Fresno, JIadera, Marlpoea.
Merced, Mono, Monterey, San Bentto, Santa
Clara. Santa Cruz, San. Mateo, Stanislaus,
Tuolumne. • : - " r . - '
"-.The counties of Iriyo, Kern, Kings, Orange,
Rlvcrpid*. Santa Barbara, San -Bernardino,
San • Dlenro. • San Luis Oblspo, Tulare. ¦ *
8 — Ix)s Angeles and Ventura.
The trouble with Dunlap's plan is that
his Second 'district brings mining and val
ley counties together, and there will be a
fight from/ both sides on a proposition of
that kind.
The Alameda people are now talking of
a • Congressional district •• to Include Ala
meda, Contra Costa, Solano and San Joa
quln.
SCHEME OF APPORTIONMENT
MAKING TWO CONGRESSIONAL
DISTRICTS OF SAN FRANCISCO
Bill Introduced in the Assembly WiLl Be Fought
Because Its Proposed Second District Brings
Mountain and Valley .Counties Together
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Abolishes the Present Commission/Provides for
the Appointment of Independent Commission
ers and Limits Salary of Pilots to $200 a Month
BILL INVOLVING A RADICAL
CHANGE IN THE PILOT SYSTEM
IS PRESENTED IN BOTH HOUSES
MENTO, Jan. 25.— Interest In the coming
Paris * Exposition investigation Is taking
the form of speculation as to who will',
be summoned to testify and how far the'
Inquiry will go— two questions thus far un
answered. Melick and Bliss left for San
Francisco this afternoon. 'One purpose of
their trip. It Is suspected, is to make a
few preliminary arrangements for the in
vestigation, which will open on Tuesday.
The remainder of the committee Is scat
tered ami nothing- can be done here until
Monday. * --:., - -
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
PREPARING FOE PARIS
COMMISSION INQUIRY
morrow afternoon to Inspect public build-
Inge In Southern California. Its objective
point will be San Diego, whose Normal
School wants an appropriation for build-
Ing purposes. Members of the committee
eay they, will visit the State institutions
at Los Angeles and other places in South
ern California if they have time to do bo.
There is •• suspicion <that the committee
expects to makra second trip Into South
ern California later, -charging up mileage
a second time. The committee consists of
Rutherford (chairman), Barnes, Hourlgan,
Foster. Knight. Butler. McWade, Reeber,
McLaughlin, Feliz and John.
The State Hospitals and Asylums Com
mittee left this afternoon for San Fran
dfieo. It will visit the hospital at Ag
news to-morrow, and on Sunday will visit
the Home for Adult Blind at Berkeley.
Late next week the State hospital at.
Highlands, San Bernardino County, will
be visited. The committee consists of
Schillig (chairman). Banning, Webber.
Dunlap. Radcllff. Macbeth. Henry. Guil
foyle, Miller. Cowan and Wright.
The Committee on Fish and Game de
cided to postpone its trip to the hatchery
at Pisson until the melting of the snow
should maJte It a more pleanant outing. •
Two committees from the Senate started
on Junkets this afternoon. One under Bel
shaw sought the prisons, and another
Ftarted for a trip through the south, as
far as San Diego.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, JVn. 25.— The Committee on Pub
lic Buildings arid Grounds will leave to-
COMMITTEES START
ON JXTNKETINO TRIPS
tary tangle as could be imarined is now
tying up the Joint rules of th<* Legislature
and making it likely that joint relation*
will not be established at all this ses-
Pion. It is over joint rule 23, which refers
to free conference committees.
" The original rule adopted by the joint
Committee on Rules was that when a free
conference committee failed to agrei
upon a bill from one house that had been
amended in the other that would end the
matter and kill the bill; but the Assembly
refused to adopt this rule, preferring that
free conference committees could be ap
pointed without number should they fall
to asree.
The Senate refused to recede from its
position and so did the Assembly, and a
conference committee was appointed.
The conference committee compromised
and submitted a rule providing- that, «f
the free conference committee could no:
agree, "final free conference" committo
be appointed, in which a disagreement
would be final. The Senate adopted this
rule, but the Assembly remained rirm, and
now the rule has zone to itself, so to
speak, for a free conference committee,
consisting of 'Senators Leavitt. Cutter
and Greenwell and Assemblymen Brown
of San Mateo. Melick and James, has
been appointed to consider It.
The free conference committee met this
afternoon and. as was expected, there was
a deadlock. The committeemen from the
Senate refused to give an inch and the
Assemblymen stood just as firmly. The
Senators declare now that it is th« As
sembly's move and thev are satisfied ¦with
the present condition of affairs.
The trouble with the situation is that
both houses may get obstinate and may
amend the bills from the other side. In
the absence of conference -and free con
ference committees this will be a danger
ous proceeding and will result in the pre
mature death of a great many measures.
Keithtr Senate Nor Assembly Dis
posed to Recede From Its
Position.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 25.— As pretty a parliamen-
PARLIAMElfTABY TANGLE
OVEB CONFERENCE RULE
MENTO, Jan. 25.— The Assembly to-day
aerain postponed action on the resolutions
laudatory of President , McKlnlev and
Governor Gage for their treatment of the
bubonic plague scare. When the ques
tion came up at this morning's session
Brown of San Mateo, James and Schles
inger opposed immedate action and it
went over till Monday, when it will be
considered in a resolution demanding the
removal of Dr. Kinvoun.
The Committee on Contested Elections
reported on the Wasson versus Henry
contest, finding In favor of the defendant,
and a resolution declaring L. A. Henry
culy elected from the Forty-second As
sembly District was adopted.
Assembly bill No. lo, the franchise bill
offered by Broughton of Los Angeles, «ai
called up en the third reading file and
pepsed without amendment. It is prob
able that the amendments desired by the
Action on Resolutions Laudatory of
President McKinley Again
Postponed. \
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
ASSEMBLY PASSES
THE FRANCHISE BELI
CALT. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 25.— The intended
increase of the patronage list of
the Assc-robly is still a matter of
the future and a -fiasco to-day in
the attempt of the San Francisco delega
tion to outwit the country members who
•were standing with them makes still less
the probability of the scheme being car
ried out.
Brown of San Francisco, chairman of
the Committee on Attaches, offered a res
olution this morning providing for the ap
pointment of Jacob Steppacher as '•ap
portionment clerk" to the San Francisco
delegation. Brown was not able to ex
plain the resolution, but Guilfoyle made
tui attempt to^do so that was not at all
satisfactory. When the voting began
many Republicans considered themselves
free to vote in the negative, as the cau
cus agreement was that Steppacher was
to be simply "apportior.meni clerk" and
not an attache oi the San Francisco dele
gation. Johnson and others took occasion
lo rebuke the greed of the budding states
rmn from San Francisco and the resolu
tion .was lost.
Guilfoyle tried to withdraw it. but the
Speaker announced it lost, and Johnson
and others gathered around Ouilfoyle and
road him a lecture on the folly of a lob
ster trying to outwit old hands at the leg
islative business.
It 15 understood now that a caucus of
the Republican members will be held on
Tuesday afternoon in the hope of reach
ing an agreement on the question of ad
ditional attaches. While there is little
opposition to the appointment of Step
parher and Geary to clerkships, a halt
¦will be called fo far as the other five
acted upon in Wednepday's caucus are
concerned. I'nless the San Francisco
members show a contrite spirit there Is a
etrong probability that outside members
will refuse absolutely to caucus on
patronage, even to the extent of consid
ering- the appointment of Steppacher and
Gear;'.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO.' Jan; 25.— Foster of Alameda to
day introduced' la the Assembly the three
measures for trie aid. of the University of
California which Lukens introduced In the
Senate yesterday. They are Assembly bills
Nos. 478, 479 and 480. .
M click introduced in the Assembly a
resolution • indorsing the bill now before
Congress providing for the reimbursement
of Mrs. Jessie Benton Fremont, widow of
General John C. Fremont, for property
now known as Black Point, •¦ which ¦¦ be
longed to General . Fremont and 'was seized
by the Government for military purposes.
Senator Curtin is responsible for another
coyote bill -introduced in the Senate'to
day. It provides an appropriation of $3130
to pay coyote bounties in the counties of
Merced, Mariposa, Stanislaus and Tuol
umne. , . . •
8. B." 41— To amend the Civil Code of this
State by adding four n*w sections thereto, to
be known as sections 1214. 1315. 1316 and 131?.
relating to depositing wills with the County
Treasurer, providing now the same shall "be
kr -j>t by, how the same shall be delivered and
how. the same shall be opened. . ..
S. B. BJ— An act to provide for the payment
of claim of John E. Raker, District Attorney
of Modoc County, for corta in foreclosing de
linquent purchasers of State school land and
appropriating $ZS6 75 therefor. -
\s. B. -lCJ— Appropriating 19063 to pay the de
ficiency for transportation of insane and feeble
minded children for the forty-ninth, fiftieth,
flf ty-flret and flf ty-seeond ' fiscal .yearx.
S. B. Io5 — Appropriating $351 75 to pay the de
ficiency in the appropriation for postage, ex
preseage and contingent expenses of the At
torney General for the fiftieth fiscal year. . \
B. B. 160—^An'act to provide for the payment
of the claim of Clans I Rpreckels against the
State of California and appropriating $11,675 82
therefor. . •
S. B. 165— An act appropriating I15G0 for es
tablishing and maintaining drinking fountains
In the Capitol grounds at Sacramento.
. . .
YET ANOTHER COYOTE
BILL IN EVIDENCE
6. B. 122— Act amending section 145T of the
Penal Code providing that the defendant In a
criminal action must be discharged on the pay
ment of his fine, and providing for .the dis
posal of the fine paid, and amending section
1570 of the Penal Code relative to the dispo
sition of fines and forfeitures collected by any
The Senate passed the following bills:
Senator Welch was allowed to take the
place of Senator Devlin on the southern
Junket committee.
Caldwell Introduced a bill appropriating
W9.CKK) for a State highway to connect San
Jaclnto. Riverside County, with the Staia
highway system of San Diego County.
. Nutt Introduced a bill provld.ng that no
steam road which had spent $25,000 or
more on its franchise should ; lose tho
franchise because of the expiration of the
limit of time for its construction.
The Committee on Health reported fa
vorably on Welch's joint resolution calling
upon the Government to send, all lepers to
Molokal. . - ¦ ., :*H .
The Committee on. "Constitutional
Amendments reported favoraliy on Dev
lin's amendment to change the session of
the Legislature to later In the year.
Similar reports were made on tha
amendments allowing socials in churches
without endangering 1 their .privileges un
der the church taxation exemption amend
ment adopted at the last election.
Davis Introduced a bill defining a
"miners' inch" of water to be one and a
half cubic feet of water a minute flowing
through any aperture.
Senator Nelson introduced a bill appro
priating tloO.000 for the completion of tho
seawall from the end of the present work
to the western line of Van Ness avenue,
the work to commence at once and be
continuously prosecuted. .The- same bill
was introduced in the lower house by
CavagTiaro.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 23.— The resolution passeJ
on January 21. 1901, by the Board of Su
pervisors of San Francisco requesting the
passage of some measure restricting rac
ing to not more than thirty days' In the
year in each county came before the Leg
islature to-day and In both houses It went
to the journal. In the Senate there was
a disposition to fight It and to send it
back to the place whence it came, but a
motion to that effect was rulea out of or
der on the gTound that any one or any
body had the right to petition the Legis
lature. .
Welch.
in a Sill Introduced by-
Appropriation of $150,000 Carried
COMPLETION OF SAN
• FBANCISCO SEAWAI*L
A. B. 432, Fisk— Amending sections 6, 7 and
IS amending the act of 1SS3 creating a State
board of horticulture.
A. B. 433. Irving— Protecting the manufactur
ing industries of the State.
A. B. 454. Knight— Appropriating money to
pay counsel employed to assist the Attorney
General.
A. B. 455, Knight — Making an appropriation
to ray the claim of John P. Dullp.
A. B. 456. Knight— Amending section 4045 of
the Political Code relating to power to Impose
license tax.
A. B. 457. Kelley— Amending section S653 of
the Political Code relating tp assessments.
A. B. 4J8. Butler— To protect the manufacture
of Roods made in California. . -
A. B. 45», Mel ick— Amending section 14 of the
bank commissioners act of 1$7S as amended In
1S31 and 1895.
A. B. 460. Carter— Creating a bureau of build
ing and loan supervision.
¦ A. B. 461. Collins of San Franclseor-To com
pel employers to furnish surgical and medical
attendance to employes Injured during work
ing hours In places where fixed machinery Is
vned. • ¦ .
A. B. 462, Schillig— Amending the act of 1S91
defining the duties of land surveyors.
A. B. 4GJ, Schillig— Appropriating $28,450 to
pay for printing for the various State offices
for the fifty-second fiscal year.
A. B. 464, Greer— Amending section $23 of the
Penal Code' relating to. fish and. game protec
tion. •
A. B» 4S3. McWade— Amending section 331 of
the Civil Code relating to corporations.
• A. B. 465, Johnson — Repealing section 1402 of
the Civil Code relating to distribution of com
mon property on the death of a husban.d.
A. B. 467, Johnson — Amending section 1401 of
the Civil Code relating t»' the distribution of
common property on the death of a yrlfe.
A. B. 468, Johnson— Amending section 172 of
the Civil Code relating to community property.
A. B. 448, Cowan— Amending sections 1240 and
1241 of the Code Of ;ctvil Procedure relating to
eminent domain, i & :¦.'¦-' •
A. B. 44». Pendleton-TProvidlng the provisions
to be cofitained in building contracts.
A. B. 450. Barnes— Amending sections 3411
and 1443 of the Penal Code relating to jury
verdicts.
A. B. 451, Fisk— Amending section 11S3 of the
Code Of Civil Procedure relating- to mechanics"
liens. \ • \ ' .
I>os . Angeles Traction Company will be'
offered In the Senate- committee.
Assembly bills 24, «1, 22, M. 91,- 196, 251,
47. 127 and S8 were passed. Bill No. 3S re
lates to the Harbor Commissioners for the
port of EOreka.- . ,- •-. - , .
An afternoon Besslcn was held which
was devoted mainly to the bills on the
second reading file, and at 3:30 o'clock an
adjournment jvas- taken until '11 o'clock
Monday. «•_, , • * - : . -' . • • ' '.
In the Assembly the following new bills
have been introduced:
A. B. 438. Guilfoyle— Creating the office of
State Dentist for the State insane asylums.
A. B: i33. Carter — Amending section 40 of -the
county government act *i| 1897.<:- ¦,.
A. B. 440, Mellck— Amending sections 25 and
IS of the county government • act of 1S97.
A. B. 441, Walker— Amending the parole 'of
prisoners i act of 1S93. ' ¦ . ' . . •
A. B. 442, Hourigan— Relating to the keeping
of intelligence offices.
A. B. 443, Committee on Claims—Appropriat
ing $11,050 to pay the claim of the California
Bank of Oakland. held by J. C. Daly.
A. B. 4*4, Huhbard— Amending section 737 of
the Political Code' relating to salary of Superior
Judges. "'/* ~ " ' •¦¦•"•- ¦-
A. B. 445, Huaferd — Repealing the pharmacy
act of 189U" £K> '"• ' -'"•¦" ' '
A. B. ¦ 446, .HUDbard— Amending 'section 2032
of the Code of* <Hvil Procedure relating to the.
manner of.talclnr depositions. :. '"
A. B. 447, Hawon- Making an appropriation
to pay claims for conveying children to "the
Home for Feeble Mindea Children at Eldridge.
The measures are designed to Klve the
Superintendent of the San Francisco
schools additional powers, which, the ad
vocates of the bills claim, 1b necessary if
he is to fulfill the duties imposed upon
him by the charter. Among other things,
he is given power to classify pupils and
to compel the Board of Education to "Sup
ply schoolroom accommodations which
will relieve the necessity of placing more
than fifty pupils In a room.- The salarv
of Deputy Superintendents is fixed at S30OJ
instead of leaving: it In the hands of the
Board of Education, which has fixed It
at $1SOO.
The opponents of the Dill claim that
\veb8ter and Kingsbury are seeking- legis
lation on matters that should be left to
charter amendment If they are desirable.
The teachers' annuity bill also was un
der discussion. T. H. McCarthy, acting
Erlnclpal of the Washington Grammar
chool, San Francisco, spoke In support
of the measure, as did also W. D. Kings
bury of San Francisco and H. M. Fisher
principal of the Central School. Oakland.
J. W. McClymonds, Superintendent of the
Oakland schools, opposed the measure as
diverting public funds to • private U3e and
as also objectionable from the standpoint
of the teachers.
Assembly bill No. 210. providing for an
appropriation to establish a polytechnic
school at San Luis Oblspo, was consid
ered by the Committee On Education and
recommended for passage.,' . .
The Judiciary "Committee to-night de
cided to recommend for passage the bill
authorizing the continuance of the Su
preme Court Commissioners, but amended
It by changing the length of the term of
office to two -years, In view of the possible
establishment by constitutional amend
ment of appellate courts. The committee
also decided- to: recommend for passage
Flsk's bill; by which the restriction upon
remarriage within a year after divorce Is
removed. Johnson and Brown of San Ma
teo will present a minority report, v
. *,".'•/.. . ' • " * •'¦' '¦
NEW BlXrltS INTBODUCED .
IN THE SENATE
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 25.— The following
bills were Introduced In the Senate to-day:
S. B. 368, Nutt— To enable ; steam** railroad
companies to complete their. railroads and au
thorizing the construction of railroads. . ¦
S. B. 369, Caldwell— To provide Cor a State
highway in Riverside County. « %
8. B. 270. Luchfclnger— To amend {he fcxt re
lating to the California Home for Feeble
Minded. , . . . .
: ¦ S. B. 371, "Welch— Appropriating $750 to pay
deficiency In the appropriation to pay costs and
expenses, of suits in which the State is a party
In Interest. •¦ " . . .• .
S. B. 372. Curtln— Appropriating $9130 1 to pay
the claims of Merced," Marlposa, Stanislaus and
Tuolumne counties, arising out of the coyote
scalp bill. ¦ ' . i . .
- S. B. 373, . Maggard— To amend sections of the
Political Code relating to -pilots, . Pilot' Com
mlsBloners and pilotage. ;" - --. *¦ ¦-."• _¦;-.¦
¦ 8. -. B. • 374, Maggard— To create , the office of
Sheep Inspector for the StaW. ••' ¦ :
'-' S. B. 375, Nelson— Appropriating $160,000 for
constructing - additions ¦ to ' the seawall In San
Francisco harbor. - • • .' - " " " : ¦ - • ¦
8. B. 376, • Flint— To remove clouds upon the
title to certain lands in- the State. . ? , • .
S. B. 377, • Davis— To amend section 1189 of the
Civil . Code, relating to notices ; of . location ¦ of
mining claims. -¦¦-- \> "' ¦-•¦¦«.,.- ....
, S. -B. 378, Davis— Fixing and defining a min
er' b inch of water. >*¦'- v ¦•;'•* . ; , »
5. C. . R.v No. 8, Smith of Kern—Recommend
ing ' the adoption ' of . the plan of ' taxation - ap
proved by ; the Committee -= on ¦:; Revenue and
Taxation. W5HVPM*^Kr€np?wSp4MISSSQB«»a
.,&. B. 379. Smith of. Los Angeles—Appropriat
ing $25,000 for making certain Improvements in
Yosemlte Valley. . •¦..,;.-... . , ,.
6. B. 880, Smith .of Kem — Appropriating $2000
for contingent expenses • of \ the ; fvena te thirty
fourth session.. ¦',-• --.v ¦¦.';¦•-' '•¦; ••<¦¦{ •-,-•'-¦ •¦.¦¦,!
S. B. 381, Davis— To provide for ; tha . election
of Justices of District Courts of Appeal, t
Senate Constitutional Amendment No. "10, Da
vis — Proposing i to establish v District . Courts of
Appeal. ' . ¦ •• ¦ •¦-¦ i "ir.TSSirfi'SSSaMHM
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 25.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Education listened to-night to ar
guments on trfe education bills No. S3 and
No. 84, over which the San Francisco
School Department Is at loggerheads. Su
perintendent "Webster and Deputy Super
intendent Kingsbury of the San Francisco
schools spoke for the proposed measures
and C. "W. Greene made an argument as
their counsel. C. W. Mark, president, and
John D. Casserly, member of the Board
of Education, and William Denman' op
posed the bills.
Cisco " Schools Are Argued in
Committee.
EDITCATIONAI* BILLS
.'UP. .FOR- UISCT7SSIOW
Measures Affecting r ths San Fran-
A. B. 601, Hlgby— Amending sections -726 and
729 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to
foreclosures. •
A. B. 5P2. "Anderson — Amending the Penal
Code relating to the protection of game.
A. B. 603. Bauer — Appropriating $750 to pay
the- expenses of .suits' ja. which 'the State Is
interested.
A. B. 600. Gans— Amending section 1159 of
the Civil Code, relating to recording of Judg
irents.
A- B. 491, Ray— Repealing the act providing
for a free wagon road from Marlposa to Yo
st mite Valley.
A. B. 49J, . Haley— Appropriating »91S0 for
payment of coyote scalp claims In Merced,
Marlposa. . Stanislaus and Tuotumne counties
out of the- provisions of the act of 1891.
A. B. 493, Miller— Declaring the Sonora and
Mono wagon road a State highway.
A. B. 494. Hasson— Regulating the sale of
wood alcohol.
A. B. 495, Broughton— Providing for the ac
quisition and development of water systems.
A. B. 498, Stewart of San Diego— To protect
real and personal property from Injury by
trespassing animals.
A. B. 4»7. Stewart of San Diego— Amending
section 1 of the horticultural act of 1SS1 as
amended in 1897. •
A. B. 498, Bennlnk— Amending the Political
Cede relative to the National Guard.
. A. B. 499. Knowland— Amending the . horti
cultural act of 1881 as amended In 1897.
A,.B: " 481. McLaughlin— Amending sections
S6S. 2129, 2480, 2431. 2440. 2441. 2457. 2458, 2480, 2461,
2462,= 2463, 2464. 2463, 2466 and 2463, roCatlng to
I'llot Commissioners.
« A. • B. 483, Cavagnaro— Directing the Stats
Board of Harhor Commissioners to continue
work on the San Francisco seawall and ap-
T-roprlatlng $160,000 for the purpose.
¦ ¦ A, ¦ B. ¦ 484,- Cavagnaro— Amending section 290
of the Civil Code, relating to articles of Incor
poration.
.A. B. 4S3, Cavegnaro— Amending section 305
of the Civil ' Code, relating to formation of
corporations.
A. B. 4S6, Dunlap— Authorizing: suits against
the State. ' v
A. B. 487, Dunlap— Appropriating $15,000 for
the relief of J. E. Atkinson. . *
A. B. 488," Dunlap— Dividing the State Into
Congressional districts.
A. B. 4S9. Mlllce— Amending the act of 1897,
relative to the organization of Irrigation dis
tricts.
A. B. 490, Fellz— Amending section 1310 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to probate
of wills. ¦. .
AI- B. 4S0, Brown of San Mateo—Appropriat
ing $200,000 for the support of the State Unl-
A. B.' 481. Schillig— Providing for the protec
tion* of lands, from overflow.
A. B. 47?, Brovyn of San Mateo— Repealing
the act of 1899, providing for the construction
of a mansion for the Governor.' -¦ . .
A. B." 479. " Brown of San Mateo— Transferring
from the -Governor's mansion fund to the State
University fund J4S.758.
A. B. 469. Johnson— Amending section 167 .of
the Civil Code relating to community property.
'A. B. 470, Johnson— Appropriating J1SU6 78 to
ray the claim of Howard M. Sltton.
A. . B. 471, Johnson— Amending the county
government act ol 18S7.
A. B. 472. Ray — Appropriating {25,000 for Im
provements In Toeeraile Valley.
A. B. 47S, Myers— Amending sections 3571 and
S572 of the Political Code relating to public
land sales. 1 '¦ :-¦• ' _" .
; A. B. 474, substitute for A. B. 206— To pre
vent fraud In the sale , of paris green as an
insecticide.
" A'.' B. '473'. 'Sheridan— Amending the swamp
and overflowed land ¦ act of 1S93.
: A.' B. • 476. Sheridan — Amending sections 1021,
1033 and .1034 of the Code of Civil Procedure,
relating to coets In legal actions.
A. B. ¦ 477. ;¦ — '¦ — .'-/'Amending the Political
Code and adding fifteen new sections concern
ing the election of delegates to political con
ventions. . . - - >: -'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assembly Promptly Votes Down a Resolution Appointing Jacob
Steppacher as an "Apportionment Clerk" to Be the Exclusive
Property of Boss Martin Kelly's Band, of
PATRONAGE-HUNGRY DELEGATION
FROM THE METROPOLIS RECEIVES
A REBUKE FROM THE INTERIOR
COUNTRY MEMBERS "SIT UPON" SAN FRANCISCANS
THE SAN FRANCISGO -CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU ANY OF THESE
Symptoms of a Very Common
Trouble P
There is no disease so common In tho
United States as catarrh because tt ap-
pears in so many forms and attacks so
many different organs.
It is a common mistake to suppose that
catarrh is confined to the nose and throat.
Any inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane wherever located accompanied by
abnormal secretions is catarrh. Catarrh
of stomach or bladder, or . intestines is
nearly as common as nasal catarrh and
much more serious, although it is trua
that stomach catarrh and catarrh of oth-
er internal organs is the result of neg-
lected nasal catarrh.
A new remedy has recently appeared
which so far as tested seems to be re-
markably effective in promptly curing ca-
tarrh, wherever located. The preparation
is sold by druggists generally under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and in addi-
, tlon to being very palatable and conveni-
ent, possesses . extraordinary merit, in
many cases giving immediate relief from
the coughing, hawking and constant
clearing of the throat and head, those
symptoms with which everyone is famil-
iar who has ever suffered from, colds in
the head and throat.
Catarrh is simply a continuation or
these symptoms until the trouble becomes
chronic and grows gradually worse from
year to year.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
of Hydrastln. Eucalyptol. Gualacol and
similar antiseptics and catarrh specifics.
from which it will be seen, that no secret
is made of the ingredients and also that
no mineral poisons axe used, as Is the
case with many well-known catarrh med-
icines. ?' V f
For catarrh of the nose, throat, bron- 1 .
chlal tubes, for catarrh of stomach, in-
testines or bladder no preparation 13 so
safe and gives such rapid and permanent
results as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
All druggists sell them at oOc for full
sized package. You can use them witn
assurance that you will not contract th»
cocaine or morphine habit as the results
from this catarrh cur* are apparent from,
the first day's use. ,
DR. MEYERS & CO. <#P§i
Specialists. Disease #^y?"
and weakness of wSwt
men. Established wa Cr^Sjm-
1SSL Consultation W {&* \T
. and private book NSvft 1 Xm
free, at office or by tXilki- >r">C^£; *
mall. Cures guar- \&<T&7K&i
anteed. 7IU Mar- r<a$SsL&
ket street (elevator A. iHtflSS
entrance). £> a n x^^^r^i?!?^^
Francisco. J «ggfcgSStep :^W3g>»
En Hoffmanettes Kn
3" Cigar. «"
THEH1LSON CO..' Matters. H. Y.
KAU, BADL2E * CO., Distribnt»n. tat fnn;is8».
CCI I iVfS QI1T Mexican Store. 114 Stock-
itLLl.ivl Ul) 1 ton at. Ws vacate Janu-
ary 29. Carved Leather Goods, Linen Hand-
drawn Work. Fire Opals, Jewelry and Curios.
Indian Baskets. Mexican Figures. Fine gaods as .
less than wholesale cost. Fine Carved Leather
Belts, cheap at U 5»- last chance price, TZo.
To . Cure th.e , Grip in Two Days
Laxative Broino-Qulalne.' removes the cause.*CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— Two deaths "¦-. from
smallpox were reported to V the /Health
Department to-day, the first ; that* have
occurred since the recent 'outbreak of
that disease. ¦- , \ : ¦ •
Smallpox in Chicago.
MONTEREY, Jan. 25.-David Jacks, tha
Monterey capitalist and land owner, has
g-one to Arizona to buy cattle and re
stock his ranches In this county. Tha
recent copious rains, have made this step
possible for the first time in several year*
and it Is said other stock raisers of Mon
terey County Intend restocking- tnis sea
son.
Restocking Monterey Banges. •
NKW 'YORK, Jan. 125. — The four-story
building, at 128 Williams street, occupied
by ' Wahn & Fink, wholesale ' dealers in
drugs and druggists' supplies, w&s de
stroyed by fire and water ¦ to-night. Loss
Big Blaze in New York.
Jan. 25.— The brief rec
ommendation in the message of the Presi
dent to the Senate to-day, urging Immedi
ate legialatlon in ] the | interest of the I Fill
j plnos j caused | great I surprise ; among ; Sen' '
' ators and occasioned speculation upon the
-. - - -. --'-•¦-; • ;/ ¦;.--. -.- . /,
FOSSIBILITrES ; OF
AN EXTRA^^ SESSION
• ; WASHINGTON, -Jan. 25.— The Home
Committee on Foreign Affairs to-day act-'
ed favorably on 'the. Dill -of Representative
Jenkins ot Wisconsin to regulate the com -
ing of Chinese into this country, and mak
ing . more effective the present : exclusion
laws.' The bill ' makes stringent provisions
to prevent the bringing of, Chinese across
theborder, .One of the provisions oftho
bill Is that If any Chinese person shall en
ter- the .United States -.clandestinely ..-: or
without permission ; he shall ; be deported
to China, even though he might have ap
plied for such privilege in the manner pro
vided by law.- Another provision requires
masters 'of vessels to eive a bond of *30»
for a Chinese person not entitled to ente
and who comes temnorarlly, which bond
remains alive until the Chinese person re
turns to: China. The bill also revises tho
court " practice bo that conviction of Chi
nese illegally in the country is expedited.
House Committee on Foreign Affairs
Acts Favorably on Jenkins
BUI.
STRENGTHENS , PRESENT.
CHINESE EXCLUSION LAW
DENVER, Jan. 2o.-The rich strike in
the tunnel of the Oil Creek Mining Com
pany under Pikes Peak has caused a rush
of prospectors to that region already. The
strike is close to the populous town of
Colorado Springs, within easy range of
the comforts of civilization, and pros
pectors will encounter few of the disad
vantages such as beset the gold seekers
In the more desolate parts of the Rockies.
A large number of miners have gone to
lh« scene already, although the announce
ment of the strike was made only yester
day morning. Investigation to-day shows
that the ore uncovered by the Oil Creek
Company runs J-JOO to the ton instead of
JSO, as was given out. Not a share of the
stock is for sale. All of it is owned by ten
or twelve Cincinnati capitalists. Tho
miners of the company were kept In Ignor
ance of the richness of the find until the
company's agent had secured 275 acres of
adjacent claims for $30,000.
Incoming prospectors are pitching their
tents in the vicinity of the tunnel and
many claims were staked off yesterday.
It Is expected within a short time If any
other strikes are made that a new camp
will be formed. It is strange that this
should be the first extremely rich strike
on Pikes Peak.
Special Dispatch to The Cell
Ore Found More Valuable
Than Was at First
Announced.
RUSH OF MINERS
TO PIKES PEAK
.. . > • .
LONDON, Jan. 25.— A dispatch received
at the War Office from General Kitchener,
dated Pretoria, January 24, mentions un>
important contacts with Delarey's' and
Haasbroek's commands, that a score .of
Boers have been captured and that Gen
eral Methuen has cleared Kuruman. The
Invaders have, done little harm In Capo
Colony. They have not been Joined by
the inhabitants, with whom' they are daily
becoming more unpopular.
PRETORIA, Thursday, Jan. 24.—Yester
day a train with Lord Kitchener and a
body of troops proceeded toward Mlddle
burgr, an armored pilot engine preceding.
It was deralledi by dvnamlte near .Bal
moral.. The Boors,' who were in force,
opened fire and the British reDlled. Ulti
mately, the Boers 'were, driven off. The
British sustained no casualties.
QUEENSTOWN, Jan. 25.— Eighteen of
the most modern field guns, of German
manufacture, with their carriages. 1 ammu
nition, wagons and equipment, have ar
rived here from Germany for service with
the British army in Bouth Africa..
General Kitchener Reports
a Number of Minor
Engagements.
BRITISH TROOPS
CAPTURE BOERS
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N
.W.; ¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.-"From
sources that I ; consider most reliable,"
said Shfrman of }J ew York In the. House
today, "I, am convinced that brutal hai
inp existed at the Annapolis Naval Acad
emy certainly i but a' few months ; ago. J
have It .' related to me that at least one
young man was stood on his hea<l repeat
edly " until he had hemorrhage , from . his
nose, his mouth and his ears. I have had
It related to me that ; young ; men who go
to Annapolis for < the ¦ purpos-j of making
special preparation to try entrance exam
inatiens ¦¦ are hazed immediately on their
arrival In ' their boarding houses ¦ and ho
tels."
This statement by. Representative Sher
man, coupled with the Introduction by him
of a resolution for, Congressional Investi
gation of hazing in 'Annapolis, has caused
a stir in Congressional circles. The reso
lution was referred to the Naval Commit
tee, ; and Sherman declares that If action
is not taken Immediately he will go before
the. committee and submit information
and evidence which he believes: will cause
his resolution . to ' be : favorably reported
-'For. the last two years," Sherman said
."I -have. been hearing from' former cadets
and friends of .harsh' sport and treatment
at Annapolis. In : some cases details are
given of practiced that ought not be per
mitted in the Institution. ; - iJCl :
."Like many ; other • things - of thafna
ture,-I did not pay special attention to It
until this subject of hazing at.West Point
came up. Even then 1 did not <¦ think of
taking action until the .Investigation dis
closed'the? terrible .-. condition . of affairs
there — the sV absolute - ¦ Indifference - on ¦ the
part t of , the cadets to public • sentiment on
the subject' of hazing." . , t -
Special IMspatch to The Call
Shermans Startling State
ment on Floor of the
House.
HAZINC EXISTS
AT ANNAPOLIS
Electrocution in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 23.— The Senate
to-day, by a vote of 37 to 2. passed a. bill
making electrocution the mode of In
flicting the death penalty in Indiana.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Jan. 23.— Abdul
Hamid received in audience In great state
to-day the German mission sent to open
the fountain at Stamboul, presented by
Emperor William.
Hamid Receives German Mission.
NEW YORK, Jan. Z\— To-morrow Lieu
tenant R. P. Hobson 'wiil leave the Pres
byterian Hospital here, where he has been
since December 1 suffering from typhoid
fever. He will go to the home of friends
until well enough to report for duty.
Hobson Is Bscovering.
EDINBURGH. Jan. 25.— In© Earl of
Rosslyn to-day began a suit for divorce.
The Earl has been an actor, his stage
name being James Erskine. His full naina
Is James Francis Harry St. Clalr Erskln-?.
He has also served in South Africa with
Thornycroft's Horse and was a war corre
spondent for the London Daily Mall. Of
late he has been editor of the Scottlsn
L.lfe. The Earl of Rosslyn was born in
1S69 and In 1S90 married Violet, daughter
of Robert Pardee de Greyvyner of Ghaul
by Hall, Lincolnshire. They have two
children — a .son and dauchter. The son'*
title is Lord Loughborough. He was bora
In 1SS2.
Name of James
. Zrskine.
Was Well Known by His Stage
EARL OF EOSSLYN
SUES FOB DIVOBCE
George Vaught. the sweetheart of Bes
sie Philll3, servant In the Richardson
home at the time of the murder, was ar
rested this afternoon for assaulting the
girl and her escort two n^hts a<.->. Th^
defense is still working on the line that
Vaught was Jealous of Frank Richardson,
the murdered man, and knows all about
the crime.
SAVANNAH. Mo.. Jan. 25.— Addle L.
Richardson, widow of the murdered mil
lionaire merchant F. L. Richardson, at the
last minute decided to waive preliminary
hearing on the charge cf being accessory
after the fact to the murder ef her hus
band, and her case will be called In tho
Circuit Court March *.
Husband.
cessory to Murder of Her
Willing to Stand Trial of Being Ac-
MBS. RICHARDSON
"WAIVES HXARIUG
Trast-d a Stranger.
.CHICAGO,. Jan. 25.— Michael .Delaney, .i
ranch owner, living near Butte, Mont.,
reported to the police to-day that he had
been fleeced of- a certified check for $4500
by a sharper who represented tllmself as
a Chicago mining broker and Induced De
lahey'to give him the check to be cashed
at a bank. - Delaney Is penniless and has
telegraphed friends In Butte to help him.
probability of an extra • session of Con
gress immediately after March 4. Senators
generally say they have no Intimation
from the White House that a special ses
. slon of Congress may be desirable, but
they unite as one man in saying that no
Philippine legislation Is possible during
the remaining five weeks of the present
session. The short Spooner bill, vesting
all power for the government of the Phil
ippine archipelago In the President, is the
only.- Filipino general bill. It Is believed
that whenever an earnest effort is made
to secure legislation bearing upon this
subject. much time will.be required. Some
Senators also, express the opinion that
legislation .may be necessary In connec
tion with the Cuban situation, and while
ihere are differences of opinion as to this
necessity, all agree that If such action
should become necessary it would be Im
possible to secure It at this session.
of that name, died at noon to-day. The
deceased, who was 73 years of age, was
head of the Frankfort house of the Roths
childs for flfty years. He was an uncle
of the- three members of the London
house. and handled many of the largest
German Government loans. . V'~ :
Baron Wilhelm von Rothschild suc
ceeded Baron Nathan von Rothschild in
the management of the many banking
houses controlled by the family of that
name. Nathan was one of the cleverest
men of the family and placed a great
many loans for the nations of the world.
Wilhelm showed great tact. In managing
the business of the concerns. The head
house of the great firm Is' at Frankfort,
with branches at London, Berlin, Paris,
Vienna and Innumerable agencies all over
the globe.
The real founder of the family as
financial magnates was Meyer Amschel
Rothschild, who was born at Frankfort
in 1743. .Although educated for a rabbi,
he embarked in* the banking business at
Hanover, and after saving a little money
started out for himself as a money lender.
He won the confidence of the Landgrave
i of Hesse, who Is said to have saved his
1 fortune from the French Invaders In 1S06
through Rothschild's efforts.
! The Rothschilds' house got a heavy
commls8lon for transmitting money for
England to Wellington In Spain during
the peninsular war. They negotiated large
loans for Denmark in 1S04 and 1S12.
Meyer Rothschild died in 1812 and left
five sons, who were made barons of the
Austrian empire in 1S22. Ansel Meyer,
eldest son, was head of the firm until
1S55. He was succeeded by Sir Nathan,
who in later years was raised to the peer
age as Baron Rothschild. ¦
¦ The ostensible purpose of the visit of
the Scorpion to Trinidad Is to complete
certain surveys prosecuted from time to
time by the " gunboat ' Marietta '"and '¦ the
dispatch-boat Dolphin. The Instructions
given to the Lancaster are to remain at
La Guayra, and her commanding officer
will co-operate. with Minister Loomls to
'protect American Interests..
, State Department : officials deny -that
they have any alarming advices from Mr.
Loomis or any other source, or that they
have departed from thelripollcy of urging
judicial settlement of the dispute between
Warner and Qulnlan and the New Yo'k
and Bermudez Company, it Is said- the
Scorpion, in -event of dispossession, will
require. Immediate reparation. -At- the
same time the stationing of the Scorpion
at Trinidad and the Lancaster at La
Guayra Is expected to Influence the Ven
ezuelan authorities.
Under orders from Secretary Long ths
gunboat Scorpion Is now on her way to
Trinidad,, which Is close to the scene of
the asphalt dispute. The training ship
Lancaster has been ordered to proceed to
La Guayra to protect American interests
at that point. ;" %• :• '
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Despite the
protests of ' administration officials It Is
apparent that the situation In Venezuela
is more threatening than they are willing
to admit. -
Special IMspatch to The Call
Training Ship Lancaster
Is Ordered to La
Guayra.
SITUATION SERIOUS
IN VENEZUELA
DEATH SUMMONS A BANKEB. V
"FRANKFORT, Jan. 25.— Baron "Wllhelm
von. Rothschild, head of the banking firm
Tf«^OME, Jan. 26.— A special dispatch
II )l to the Patria announces that
lo^ Verdi, the composer, is dead.
Gluseppl Verdi, the composer,
sprang from very humble parentage, his
father being a peasant ln^the little hamlet
of Roncale, near Busseto, Dutchy of Par
ma. Italy, where Verdi was born, October
9, 1814. ¦ He early showed a passionate love
for music and his first musical education
was obtained from the organist of the vil-.
lage church at . Roncole, a position to
which Verdi himself succeeded when only
ten years Old. He attracted the attention
of an enthusiastic amateur musician, who
sent him to Milan, where, from 1S33 to 1836,
he studied under . Lavigna, head of the
Scala Theater. .
Verdi's first opera was "Obertp, Conte dl
San Bonifacio," produced In Milan, No
vember 17, 1839. Since then he has com
posed about twenty-six operas, the best
known of. which are: ¦ . • . „ -
"II Trovatore',"" "Ca Travlata. TUgo
letto," "Un Ballo in Maschera,' "'Aida,'
."Otello" and "Falstaff" (1803).
One large work for the church should
also be mentioned— the "Grand Requiem
Mass." A large number of hl3 works have
been received with enthusiasm in all civil
ized lands. An additional proof of his tal
ent is the fact that the quality of his work
did not fall off during the long period of
his professional activity, but kept pace
with the great changes which have
affected the dramatic stage since his
youth. J ¦ '_'" \ jf
THE LATE GIUSEPPE VERDI. THE NOTED MUSICAL COMPOSER,
WHO DIED YESTERDAY AFTER AN ILLNESS OF MORE.THAN SIX
- MONTHS'. DURATION.
ATSTIV. Texas. Jan. 25.— Tha Southern
Pacific Coispany owns nearly 100,000 acres
t>t lar-3 Bituaied !n the new oil region of
East Texas. A deal has Just been con
rluded between this company and the rep
resentatives of the /Standard Oil Com
pany whereby the whole tract is leased to
-he "latter corporation. This Is the first
Toothold that the Standard Oil Company
r.as obtained in the new oil field and It is
i severe blow to tho movement that was
recer.tly Inaugurated .by the Independent
Dll producers to form, a combination, with
l view of keeping the Standard Oil Com
pany out of the Texas territory. A large
suniber of prospect wellg will bo lmme
liately put down on tae lands leased by
:his corporation.
The charter of the Gulf Oil sad Plp«
L/.rie Company of Beaumont, with, a cap
:taJ stock of $500,000. ww filed In the Sec
retary oS State's office here to-day. Its
sbject is to build pipe lines, oil tanks and
•rill oil wells In the new oil fields. The
r.ccrporatOTB are W. E. Brlce and G. A.
Ernerv of Mason Cltv, Iowa: W. R» J.
5tratford. W. B. Stratford and, 1* 1*
Emery cf Beaumont. --**> "-i-tv.
hold in the Uewly Discovered
OH B«gion.
Standard Oil Company Secures a Foot-
EOUTHEBU" PACIFIC LEASES
OUT ITS TEXAS LANDS
BOSTON, Jan. 25.— Letters have been re
ceived here announcing the loss of a
boat's crew of six men from the echooner
Charles H. Hodgson of New Bedford at
eea on December 2S. t
The men had put off In chase of a school
of fighting whales, but were caught In the
school pzia before help could reach them
they disappeared.
They were all natives of the Cape Verde
Islands and belonged to Xew Bedford.
The fullest account was contained In a
letter frcia Captain M. F. Eantos to the
owners, Thomas Luce & Co., dated St.
Vincent, January 3.
According to this letter the vessel was
In latitude 19 degrees 35 minutes north and
longitude 24 degrees 21 minutes west at
S:S5 a. ra. on December 28, wnen a school
of whales was sighted. The vessel bore
down on them and the boats of the mate
and second mate were lowered.
The second mate, Antonio Sylvia, struck
the flret whale, estimated at about flfty
barrels. In the run of the whale and h»s
teal to get after more. Sylvia's boat got
Into ths school, which soon became a
teething caldron, lashed Into foam by
the tails of the angry monsters. Captain
Santos was fearful that the boat would
be ctove in. Sylvia, however, waved his
hat and refused to come out.
The school started off to windward and
ts tne wind Increased, the captain ordered
the mainsail reefed and beat to windward
to keep near the school and the boats. At
2:30 in the afternoon they were still In
the school, but were suddenly lost to
Eight.
Ail hands were ordered on deck. lights
were raised to the masthead at night,
•.nd men were kept aloft all night. The
Ihip remained In the vicinity, taking short
tacks back and forth all night in vain.
Special LHrpatch to The Call
Six Hunters of the Hodgson
Perish in the Northern
Seas.
2£en .Were All Katives of the Cape
Verde Islands and Be
longed to New Bed-. T"
-1 . f ord - j Ad
GO DOWN AMID
SCHOOL OF WHALES
Duchess of Manchester left for the north
In their private car at noon. v \Vlth them
went their guest, Lord Lambert. . In the
car there Is an Improvised gymnasium
annex, and here The Call correspondent
found the Duke this morning.
"I haven't punched the bag for a week
and I'm getting stiff," said Manchester.
"You know, I was the champion pugilist
at school. I knocked out twenty-eight
out of thirty-eight m«n. Not bad, eh?
Now then. John."
The DuKe's valet had by this time fas
tened a punching bag to the rear end of
the car and the broad-shouldered young
representative of the House of Montague
flew at the bag with a vim. After a while
he stopped to rest.
"My name is William Angus Drogo," he
said. "My wife calls me Willie, but I
don't quite fancy that. You might call
me Bill."
Then the bag punching was resumed un
til a young woman's pretty, smiling face
showed at the car door. ' When she saw
the reporter's camera she vanished.
The Duke and Duchess and Lord Lam
bert afterward proceeded to the front of
the depot. While debating whether or
not they would have time to take a street
car ride, tha warning bell rang and they
hurried back to their special car. Many
curious sightseers were at the station to
see the ducal party off and the last
glimpse of the departing train showed the
travelers on the rear platform, wav
ing handkerchiefs in farewell.
There is reason to believe that Papa
Zimmerman. In Cincinnati, has pulled the
pursestrlngs. The party intended going
to Monterey and enjoy the pleasures of
the Del Monte golf links. Del Monte has
been cut out and the private car of the
president of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and
Dayton Railway is routed through to the
East via San Francisco.
Before his departure the Duke gave out
a signed statement. In part as follows:
"We planned at first to remain In th©
vicinity of Los Angeles for a fortnight.
Lord Lambert and I are enthusiastic golf
ers and we hoped to try conclusions with
some of the enthusiasts of your splendid
links. Since our western tour began,
however, our plans have been changed,
for personal reasons, and now we are
hurrying back East, by way of San Fran
cisco. We shall take part In no public
entertainment on account of the sad
death of our Queen. But while we wear
crape for the beloved sovereign who has
passed away we know that all our Brit
ish countrymen in Southern California
will Join us in the toast. 'Long Live the
King. Edward the Seventh.' "
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.— The Duke and
Special Dispatch to Tb© Cfcll
Sudden Change in ths Flans of ths
Duke and Duchess Necessitate
an. Early Return East
ward.
Manchester Party Leaves
the Southland for San
Francisco.
SAYS FAREWELL
TO LOS ANGELES
PASSING OF NOTED
MUSICAL COMPOSER
Death Claims Giuseppe Verdi, Whose.
Operas Are World-Famous.
JULIAN ARNOLD'S
SEVERE SENTENCE
Must Serve Ten Years' Imprisonment fop
: ;the Misappropriation of Trust Funds. .
JTJLJAN T. B. ARNOLD, BON OF SIR EDWIN ARNOLD, WHO HAS BEEN
SENTENCED TO TEN YEARS' PENAL SERVITUDE FOR EMBEZ
ZLJNG TRUST FUNDS. ; v ; ;
ASSASSINS
SEEK TO SLAY
QUEEN REGENT
Fire on the Ruler of
¦'.Spain and Her CW1
7 oren, Mt Fail to
\ -, Strike Them.
i LONDON, Jan. 26.—
"While the' Queen Regent
and her children .were boat
ing on the outskirts of Ma
drid to-day,", says the Ma-
¦' ; »< '
drid correspondent of the
Daily Express, "a shot w^s
fired from the bank arid
penetrated the gunwale of
the boat. The park ,was
searched, but the assailant
was riot discovered. The
Queen Regent was consid
erably alarmed."
charged with misappropriating trust
funds, was sentenced to ten years' penal
servitude. He made a long and stubborn
legal Tight in San Francisco in an en
deavor to evade extradition.
LONDON, Jan. 26.— At the Old
Bailey to-day. Julian T. B.
Arnold, son of Sir Edwin Arnold,
who was ordered extradited from
San v ancWco in- October last,
MRS. CARRIE NATION IS FOLLOWED
TO THE DEPOT BY A HOOTING MOB
AND PELTED WITH FRESH EGGS
¦• . • '\i V * -i - ¦ -
Determined to Continue Her Task of Wrecking Saloons and
Will Organize a Society to Aid in Her Crusade Against
the Retailers of Intoxicating Liquors -in Various States
MRS. NATION THANKFUL THE EGGS WERE NOT ROTTEN.
"We've been watching our sons go to
ruin and death through whisky for years.
We've been praying- and waiting for the
laws to be enforced and the traffic
stopped. We've decided to wait no longer
for men to act. If the W. C. ,T. U. had
started out twenty-five years ago with
prayers and songs and hatchets there
would not be a saloon in the country to
day. A saloon-keeper to me is the same
"You'll surely meet with a serious mis
hap—perhaps be killed— if you keep this
up," contlnuedithe rerxjrter.
"I know it; I know how it will end. But
when God is ready for me to die I am
ready to go. I don't want to die yet;
there is too much gooa work . for me to
do."
Mrs. Nation went on to talk of her mis
sion. . : .
Her coolness seemed more remarkable
because of the fact that she had' been
given warning that'a mob' awaited her
arrival at Hope.
the train' started. "Keep up th© good 1
work. Don't let them open the rum holes
again."
She then sat down alone In the coach
and began examining her dress, smeared
with eggs. "I always thank God for the
favors he does," she siid to the reporter,
and when asked what feature of the dem
onstration she was thankful for responded
promptly:
"That the eggs were not rotten."
Mrs. Nation began to talk and laugh as
gayly as if nothing had happened. 8ho
had been cool and collected during all of
her exciting experiences, both at Wichita
and Enterprise, always meeting the sallies'
of the crowd that nooted or pelted her
with stones with a prayer or an exhorta
tion on temperance.
"Are not you afraid?" replied the re
porter.
. "No, sir, not a bit," she snapped defi
antly. "I am doing God's work."
" WhSlo departing from Enterprise, Kans., Thursday night, Mrs. Carrie Nation, the saloon-wrecker,
was pelted with eggs. In the course of an interview on the train while proceeding to Hope, Mrs. Nation
"I always thank God for the favors he does." 11111^
Asked what feature of the demonstration she was thankful" for, she promptly replied:
i ¦ "That th© eg^gs were not rotten." . ¦ .¦ '.::f : 'IJ\ ?
Mrs. Nation announces her intention to organize a society of saloon- wreckers, and after con
pleting her self-appointed task in Kansas she will begin active operations in Missouri.
as the man who cuts another's throat for
his money.
"My object In smashing saloons," con
tinued Mrs. Nation, "is to stiffen the
backbone of the women against the rum
traffic, and to set the men trie example
of the only way that the traffic can be
stopped. I' will organize them into a
society of saloon-wreckers. If a saloon
opens in .a town the women there. If
they haven't backbone enough themselves
to wreck It, will send for me. I will send
for my. aids in different towns. They
will be women of undoubted, bravery, and
we will go there and break up the saloon
and keep it broken up.
"After we have stamped It out In Kan
sas we will go to Missouri and keep on
going. I have letters from all parts of
the country asking- me to come. I hold
that under, the constitution of the United
States a saloon cannot legally exist In
any place in this country." • .
A special from Ottawa says that Mrs.
Carrie Nation, the joint-smasher, lectured
there to-night in the First Baptist Church.
Mrs. Nation talked for an hour, reciting
the story of her experiences during the
past few days. She said she would not
continue the business of breaking Joints
single-handed, but that In the future her
efforts would be devoted to the organiza
tion of other women for the same kind
of work.
Mrs. Xatlon showed the effects of her
recent rough handling In Enterprise. Her
eye was badly swollen and her dress
showed the remains of eggs;. She spoke
kindly of Ottawa and said it was not -a
whisky town like some others she knew.
A special from Enterprise says: After
a lengthy trial this afternoon the assail
ants of Mrs. Nation were each fined jl
without costs. The sentiment "of the town
is very bitter against her and her coming
is thought by some to have done the tem
perance cause harm. •¦..-.
(¦¦H"H"M'l I I I MM.M-M I I H-M-^
TUB /BAST" FBANClSOO^OALL,SATURDAYi JANUARY 26, 19O1*.
KAXSASCITY.Janl' 25.— A special
from Hope, Kans.. says: Mrr.
Carrie Nation arrived here at
midnight from Enterprise, deter
mined to attack the two saloons
in Hope as she had those at Wichita and
Enterprise. But no committee of tem
perance workers met her and this morn
ing she said she had made up her. mind
not to damage the saloons here because
she was alone. She rctused to eat her
breakfast because sho feared she would
be poisoned, and, instead, talked temper
ance to a crowd that had gathered in
front of the hotel.
At 10 o'clock she took a train for Ot
tawa, saying Bhe would visit friends thera
and rest a few days. Her last injunction
was: .•>/.:¦-;¦
"Don't put too much stress on my rest
ing too long."
In the crowd that swarmed about Mrs.
Nation In Hope were the proprietors of
the two saloons here. When she started
for the depot they escorted her to the
train, one at each arm, the crowd cheer
ing.
When Mrs. Nation left Enterprise last
night a big crowd followed her to the
depot, hooting and throwing eggs at her.
On the train en route from Enterprise
to Hope Mrs. Nation talked enthusiasti
cally to a reporter. A crowd of W. C. T.
U. women, among them Mrs. Hoffman,
the local worker, who "took part la
Wednesday's raid and yesterday's street
fight, saw her off at the depot.
"Good-by, Mrs. Hoffman," she cried as
3
For.a Cold in .the' Head-
Laxative Brcmo-Qulhine Tablets. •
A T>1> y. kTTK HMKW Tg_
THE FIRST STEP
to baby's Health most \be tat en before
baby's birth. The child can have no
more health than the mother gives it.
A healthy mother, strong of body and
cheerful of mind, veill endow the child
f. '''.'i. '.'.¦. ."..¦.". '-~..'f 4-A ''"th her own phy-.
'•'^•i^'-i^JiSfi^-' ': '-• s^ ca^ health and
¦:^ : >«wi'M. i iv cheerful disposi-
\jT *5^Sy.- : '^: t i on . Manvawife
7y// f Jhtt^S? who had dreaded
J /y rnx-'^'A^T niotherhood be-
YfcA I /';"""v'- : :?r":'v periences of pre-
\^^j^"»|> ,. "..;: ;^ natal misery of
n&^ \ % v^yT^-^ir and body
' k^^»\\ : i s * V"'-£ as oun^ a new
I VT " '"^* \i *^xV3 era open to her
V V :: - :; -: :^l \f vMh the oi
\ wB&Bc J& : ' **- Kcrce ' s ? a -
\ Y' : ' : ' : - ;t '^£T?0f:'' V . or * te Prescrip-
\~=MW% tion -. J* Sives
m VSra'jQ ro Physical strength,
WO. JSSiMMx soothes the nerves,
: ? ¦ ¦Qfyfjpty'- -t V»^ and induces re-
| ( \4 fzgbzry >, >¦ jv. fu 'S freshing sleep. It
¦<£,'? ]jtL&£jpz&^ gives vigor and
1^^^' elasticity to the
K 3rr-^-**i : i r* i r , -i*- rt/ organs of mater-
nity, so that the birth hour is practically
without pain or suffering. It enables
the mother to provide a plentiful supply
of healthful nourishment for the healthy
child. It makes -weak women strong
and sick women welL
There is no alcohol in " Favorite Pre-
scription r and it is absolutely free from
opium, cocaine, and all other narcotics.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free of charge. All cor-
respondence strictly private and sacredly
confidential. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
*•! gla<J3y recommend Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription." writes M«. J. W. G. Stephens,
Mila. Co., Virginia. "Before
my third little bov was bora I took six bottles.
He is tbe finest child and has been from birth,
end I suffered very much leas than I did before
in confinement. I unhesitatingly advise ex-
pectast mothers to use the ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion.'"
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a
pleasant and effective laxative medicine.
iJ*jif Cured While
Y° u Sleep
*Mw%&' In Fifteen Days
"Gr»r-SoJTent" <5ls«o'Te* Stricture like «now b©«
¦rath tbe iron, reflates Knlarred Prostate so4
Creortbect the Seminal Duel*, eiopplug Drains an*
m'.cstoBS In Fifteen Days.
i.-i dnscs to ruin the btomarh. bnt t Clroct local
isa posiilre application totheentlrcuretbraltracfc
Orun-bolvent li not a liquid. It It prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexible
titd so narrow a* to pass the closest stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe 6U Jane* jtttn. Box E31. Cincinnati, o.. hai
-c«nare<J at irreat «xpen«e an ezaaost- f rt r* r f
KeVllu»tr»t«<l TreaUfcc upon tbe male LULL I
arstem. which tn-jr wlU aeod u> any f n T T •
Bale eppJicant, ¦ ¦•«->•¦
«•' \krtl-< k^K 250 ELM ST.,
M. JA.tl£3 A321N.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
tai CHICME5TER-S ENGLISH
EJ _OV OrieiBsJ nm4 Only C'jialoe.
y.V\ JRaIts. ** CIHCHKSTXSlfS KNCUSH-
ff\^a.r^\ia Ul'.li sc-l void B>rU2Uc boxci •riled
7T\ —~-\,'i **•-!• blueribbon. Take Bo other. K«-fu»a
'•A its, »rs-" ?>»i C rro«» fuballtntion* and Iinll*.
W' 2M .Mi. for PurtlruiMro, Tr-«lm«»UIc
\ t?» C* ut -HeltoT for l^dtcw," t* Itntr, by n>
_->. k 1/ tmrn Mull. 1 0.fttio T«tfmitlt'<. S..I4 tj
1 a!l Dru«jl«.. < blchr.trr (-hentlral C«,
lUsCcattUpaser. UalUoo So«%r«. FUILA. PS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 6T8.— RE-
mo(3cl*>d and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 &A day;
C to$« «•«¦<*: S8 to »29 month. Free baths; hot
tnd cold water e\-ery room ; flre grates in every
"oosi; elevator run* Mil night.
woriAN's- ( { gm\
NEED5. |]Kf^i. !
¦ A very eminent surgeon has I 1h(||a 5^*. rMlll'l I
declared that he^ never lets a day \AWBWL. r --- '//
pass without thanking Heaven W "fitiB?* 0 ;^!}/
that he was not born a woman; \ jyv^^-^-^l
and this distinguished man prob- e 3ff \
i ably knows more of woman's I li*^"^ j
trials than any living person.
Yet how sweet and gracious Is the gift of womanhood ! To
, woman belong the Joys of girlhood, love, and beauty— of wife-
hood and motherhood. •• Angels are painted fair to look like
thee!" but the penalty of her sex has to be paid, and the
tribute It exacts Is heavy with pain and weariness. Too often
the payment leaves her ruined In health, bankrupt In happiness
—a lifelong Invalid, for want of a little timely help, perhaps
a little timely knowledge.
A woman's experience, and she a doctor with an extensive
practice, should carry conviction to every candid mind. It is
therefore with pleasure and confidence that Dr. Louise M.
Lander's letter Is given to her sex.
. Chicago, m, Jan. 21, 1900.
Warsxb'b Sake Citrz Ca, Rochester, N. Y.
-.* jOentlemen-Several time* dnring the past few years I have observed
the effects of Warner's BafeCnr* in «»«• of Iddney trouble. I found th*t the
•• - .-•%.' v action of the medicine was highly cur-
ative In effect and that most desirable e
1 FREE SAMPLE. results Tollowed its faithful use. I beliere
___J Zl It to be » very fine remedy for kidney dls-
Bend postal for free sample crdors - Tou « T!?^^ 1^- T _ TO I
WARmni'B Bxx% Curato !>¦• LOUISE M. LAKDEB. .
: Wahxer's Safe Cttbb Co. «,,,,,* ,'
Rochester, N. J Y. Mention Dr. Louise M. Lander is a graduate !»• '
this paper. - - - penal Central Institute; Stockholm, Sweden.
_: _ ¦ - % • ' ' - 'The penal code of the Chinese empire Is
at least 2000 years old, and .under its pro
visions about* 12,000 persona , are . annually
executed. • -
Attar of roses sells at $100 an ounce,
which Is qve times the valua of eold.
Steelheads have been caught In great
numbers off Point Reyes. This is the best
eeason In four years. F. Dolllver. L.-Ron
dcau. John Butler, A- E. Lovett, A. Le
paspie. John Gallagher and Steye Riordan
have been trying their luck 'and -with
great success. - -- r :'^"
»
STEELHEAD FISHING.
¦ The Vampire Association Football Club
of this cltv will play a match' this after
noon -on the Presidio athletic' ground
against a team of apprentices from the
British ships lying in the harbor. The
sailors' eleven will be selected and cap
tained by the Rev. A. B.Karney. one of
the chaplains of the Seamen's Institute
The following will represent the .Vampire:
\V.' P. Humphreys, A. >F. Chambers. H '
V.Turner. G.T._S. White. J. B. Duggan.
A^W. "WUdlng.-L.K.WalHs. R. I. Buch
lev.¦¦TV." Bishop, J. Hughes and TV. Peth-
BRITISH TARS AT PLAY.
County hunt will meet at HavarJ
Woods. San Mateo. On Wednesday, Jan
uary 30, the rendezvous will be aj the
Southern Pacific stat'on. Belmont.« This
concludes the fixtures for the month -¦>?
January- A' schedule cf events for, the
month of February will be issued by tha
secretary to the members in a few dava.
The country Is just now in excellent
condition, the ground being moist enough
to hold the scent well and make good iro-
Ing without being sogs^r and.heaw, Tho
return of the master o, the hunt. Francf.i
J Carolar.. to California and the addition
t<> the pack of several coupUs of Irish and
Kastern ¦ bred hounds have given an im
petus to the sport, so lhat the meets from
now until the close ,of the season will
be well attended. ' .
This morning at 9:30 the San Mate*
¦ SAN MATEO FOX HUNT.
The boxing tournament "which will be
held- on January 30 and "31. and : February
1 and 2 for ,> the Pacific j States' \ champion
ship under the auspices of > the 1 Olympic"
Club'promises to'.be cue of the most suc
cessful of the kind ever ; held in'thlsclty.
The entries, which do not close until this
evening,* now number^ over seventy; and
represent the best amateur boxers in the
State. The * Olympic, the ; " Reliance; the
Alarrreda. ; and r all i prominent . athletic
clubs are well represented. ¦ ; w :..'¦-•
¦ Owing f to ; the ' great . number ¦ of : eritrieB
four nights will > be consumed in 5 working
down the tournament; The aspirants have
trained • faithfully : and are -now, prepared
to « enter the lists ready .for al series of
three-round fights. ,The .winners lofuhe
tournament j will-: have: an < opportunityito
meet the Eastern champions of all classes.*
The i Easterners will ? - be out • at. the { end: of
BOXERS READY,
FOR CONTESTS
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following matches will be nlayed Sun
day afternoon. Hon. John O'Neil, ex-
Sherln* of Kansas City, will play with
some of the local experts:
G. B. Havward and "WV Fisher vs. P.
Ryan and M. Levy: TV. Walsh and R.
Ixingabach vs. H. H. Lissner and J. J.
Kavanaugh: D. Reegan and M. Klrby vs.
E. Barry and J. Folev: G. McDonald and
M. McKeil vs. C. MrKlnnon and N. Poli
doxi; J. Condon and A. McVIcker.vs. T.
Leach and T. Foley: D. Connelly and W.
Williams vs. J. Lawless and M. Jovce: W.
F. Stapff and TV. Darneal vs. W. D. Car
lisle and F. W. Staoff : P." Basoh and M.
Berwin vs. S. Wurkheim and K. T>evene:
J. Riordan and J. Harlow vs. W. Msguiro
and E. Curley: J. C. Nealon and A. Hamp
ton vs. J. Collins and J. White.
HANDBALL CONTESTS.
The shooters of ducks have been the ob
jects of revengefur rains during the past
few, weeks, especially ' ; on : Saturdays and
Sundays, when 'the majority of them
v leave town for their shooting clubs on the
marshes. The conditions antedating last
Sunday were ominous of good 'shooting,
but the rain began to pour down Saturday
evening, with the result that few nimrods
cared to venture out on ¦ Sunday, :i which
was likewise a very wet day. '
At this writing conditions are favorable
for very good sport this week." 'A' strong
north wind has been: tearing, : over: the
marshes and reports indicate: the pres
ence of large flocks of birds. * As the sea
son is rapidly working Its. way to a close
these few last days will be enjoyed by the
duck-shooter. : Less than a month of the
best period of the season remains. This
thought alone will drive the nimrods ;to
their shooting grounds whenever the op
portunity is offered. :. . . : • : . •
On Wednesday .last Al Cummlngs, : J.
Homer Frltch and Mr. Olliver, : a guest;
shot on the Field and Tule Club preserves
with a small measure of luck. Twelve
canvasbacks were . all they.- got : after ..; a
day's shooting. '-¦•:• •-'....
* The Field and Tule Club held an annual
election during the week. ; ? The * officers
for 1901 are: A, M.- Shields, president: Dr.
Derby. « vice president ; > A.- M. '- Cummlngs,
secretary; H. B. Hosmer, • assistant secre
tary; H. L. Miller, treasurer; directors—
What the Nimrpds Are
Dpi n g on the Marshes
and at the ' Ponds.
DUCK SHOOTERS
HAVE A KICK.
SMALL BAGS
ON ACCOUNT
OF THE RAIN
'While shooting at Hlchardaon's lnst
Sunday J. Fatjo met with a painful acci
dent. His gun went off accidentally and
the shot lodged In his left shoulder. :
Reports from /Rio Vista "and /Maine
Prairie j and Elmira bespeak plenty, of
ducks. At Alvarado spoonbills and blue
bills are thick. v '..-.?;: •¦' ,:•¦ f-:.
The - farmers around. Point San; Pedro
have been startled by a visitation of what
they call wild pigeons. They have been
slaughtering these pigeons for a week or
more. .' .¦¦-..: ..•.;¦••• -¦.:¦-. >•*-, ..--¦¦¦ ¦¦
Tod SI oan and Andrew Jackson shot • on
Charles Fair's preserves last Wednesday.
They, had but little to say over the re
sults. . • •. *;..'•;: - : - ¦
Fred Bushnell and party tried Burdell's
on Tuesday. Even Fred admitted that
the shooting was poor and that his .bag
seemed to be filled with baking powder.
Captain' Ed Fun'cke brought, 120 birds
from the San Bruno marshes early. In 1 the
¦week and 100 of them were canvasbacks.
A. H. Hopke, William i Bay, M. E. Unger
and J. J. Wirtner. The old preserve com
mittee, which consists of " H. B. Hosmer,
H. L. Miller and L. W. Harpham, , will
hold over until the newly elected . presi
dent appoints their successors." !
Johnny Coleman , and Frank Ireland
were out on Charles Fair's preserves: last
Sunday. They shot in the wet, but did
not .meet with much success. - - :
The class singles tournament of the Cal
ifornia Tennis Club, after :being postponed
many times, will be pulled off to-morrow.
It gives promise of being the largest and
most Important tournament held on the
club courts In many months. The second
class players in particular are' anxious to
see who will rank, next to the Whitney^,
as to the winner of: that class this dis
tinction will go. With tuchmen as Sum
ner Hardy, - R. N. Whitney, • Murdock,
Nicholson. Welhe, Adams, Collier, I>. Mc-
Gavin, Crowell, Allen. Rosenberg, Hodg
klnson. Smith and Johnson entered the
tennis should be very high class and the
outcome very uncertain.
Another event that is interesting the ex
perts very much Is the mixed doubles,
which will be played Wednesday after
noon. The management of this tourna
ment is In the hands of Miss Hunter and
R. N. Whitney, and as all the crack play
ers have expressed their Intention of en
tering It-will undoubtedly be an interest-
Ing affair. Partners will be drawn by lot,
and thus everybody will have equal
chancesifor the prizes. Among the lady
experts who will play are the Misses Hall:
Hunter. Dcnson. Bowman, McCartney and
Haslett.
Tennis players of the. University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford are practicing con
stantly 1 . The former,- Including Hunt, D.
McGavin and Selby. are seen frequently
at the California courts and are all in fine
form. The Stanford men — Weihe. Adams,
Roth and Misner— do most of their playing
on the college courts and are fast round
ing into form. Welhe and Adams are ! a
very strong double team, and Misner, an
Eastern crack, gives promise of becoming
a first-class player before the" season Is
over. With Sam Hardy out of the game
it looks to be a toss-up as to who will win
the Intercollegiate tennis this year. -••
The pleasant weather, of the past week
brought out most of the cracks, and as a
result many close matches were played.
Werner Stauf has returned to the courts
h train, and in some fast doubles with the
Whitney brothers and .Grant Smith
showed that he has lost none of his skill
In that form of the game. • ' ,
Should G. F. Whitney and the Hardys
stay out of the championship tournament
in July, as they have announced, the out T
come of this event will be very uncertain,
as there are a number of men on the coast
who. while hardly in a . class .with the
former, are very evenly matched. Th4s
will mean strong, keen competition. , u
California Club Racket
Wielders Have En
tered Their Names.
A TOURNAMENT
FOR SUNDAY. .
TENNIS MEN
WILL PLAY
IN CLASS
The second half of the first match of
the season between teams of six men rep
resenting the Oakland and San Francisco
Golf clubs will, take \ place this 'afternoon
on 5 the Presidio links. : .The visiting j team
will be made up of WV, P. .Johnson. F, S.
Stratton.C. P.:Mubbard,*T.;R. Hutchin
son, J. Ames and one other. The ab
sence of E. R. j Folger, and . R. , M. JFit«ger
ald will weaken' the Oakland team consid
erably. The San Francisco Golf Club f will
be represented >by; B. D. Adamson, 8. L.
Abbot ; Jr.."- H.^. B. Gocdwln. J. ' \V. Byrne.
L. O. Kellogg and H.~ D.'Plllsbury. It wa3
thought 1 that; John Lawson^would head
the San . Francisco ' team, but the'attrac
tion ' of \ following ¦ tho hounfls over th«
fields and fences of ; San Mateo County is
too strong. for. him. . _-. -
the Oakland team, play
ing on r their,: own llnk>, beat the, San
Francisco men, 4 up. but it is likely that
the - Presidio men, • on : their > own course
will wipe off that score and place a sub
stantial- number of : holes- to their own
credit. The Presidio course '- Is difficult to
golfers who are; not familiar. with it and
the > Oakland ; men - have always , failed, to
do themselves Justice on it. ¦-- •..--,.,-- ,/..:,
-Yesterday play, began on the links of the
Pasadena Country.; Club Jn Ahe lnterclub
team match under the management of the
Southern •": California -~ Golf *' Association
The •¦ team '• from - each '. "associate'* ¦ or ' "al
lied" club consists of four men and each
Visitors Bring Weak
Teams to Battle With
Experts of Presidio.
HOME AND HOME
TOURNAMENT.
GOLF CRACKS
CONTEND ON
CITY LINKS
_. pHILE FROWNED UPON BY
\\ )V /many race-goers, hurdle
A/ ' EVENTS AND STEEPLECHAS
' ING ARE VERY- POPULAR IN
AUCTRALIA AND . ENGLAND. IN FACT.
IN THE COLONIES ;, ON DAYS WHEN A
STEEPLECHASE NUMBER IS DOWN FOR
DECISION THE ATTENDANCE IS ALWAYS
THE LARGEST. .
OWING. TO THE NUMBER OF RACE3
GIVEN AT TANFORAN PARK THERE HAS
BEEN A GENUINE BOOM IN THIS BRANCH
OF THE SPORT, AND EVERY MORNING AT
THE SAN MATEO COUNTY TRACK, AND
ALSO AT - INGLESIDE TRACK," NUMBERS
OF HORSES CAN "BE OBSERVED RE
CEIVING^ THEIR FIRST LESSONS OVER
THE STICKS. IN THE ACCOMPANYING IL
LUSTRATION IS A VIEW OF THE LEAD-
Last Tuesday the sloop AJert wai
launched at tbe foot of Clay street. OaK
land. nearly twenty persons, several of
whom were ladies.- being on board th*
yacht as she slid Into the water. She is
owned by T. M. Kendall. F. V. Greene
and R. Vincent, and was christened ¦ by
Mrs. F. V. Greene. She haa an over-all
length of 43 feet, a iength on the water
line of 3S feet, a beam of 14 fee"t 9 lnche*
and a draft of 9 feet 8 inches when ths
centerboard is down.
Sydney S. Marshall, the new commodnro
of the CaJIfornla Yacht Club, MyZ that
the opening day of the club will be Anr'l
13. The landing stage In front of the club'
house has been hauled up on the beach
repaired and put back in position, and th.'
Firnal bell at the landing: eleps on, thii
Oakland side of the cieck'has been dui
In order.
Vviien the annual meeting of members
ar.d election of officers cf the San Kran
cfsco Yacht Club is held at the Merchants'
Exchange on Wednesday evening. Febru
ary 13, there will be two tickets in the
field. In addition tc the nomination;
made by the nominating committee and
constituting the regular ticket certain
members of the club have made addition
al nominations. Several of the members
both on the regular ticket and the mem
bers' ticket are the fame— W. N. McCar
thy for commodore. Robert S. Bridgcman
for vice commodore and Dr. F. L.. Plait
for financial secretary appearing in both
lists. On the members' ticket James Kit
terman. the present port captain, is re
r.ominated for that office: E. C. Bartlett
Is re.nominated for corresponding secre
tary; R. B. Hogue. the present treasure-,
fcr the Fame post, and Henry G. Toll for
measurer. The three v.ho are nominate 3
on both tickets are certain of re-election.
With regard to the others George D.
Campbell will be absent from San Fran
cisco during part of Ike yachting season
and • will willingly vield place to James
Kttterman if he will consent to serve,
and R. B. Hogue is understood to have
refused to serve again, both he and Finan
cial Secretary W\ G. Morrow feeling that
their work should now be taken ud by
others. As far as can be seen at present
the regular ticket is likely to be elected
On Wednesday ths committee of the
California Yacht Club, consisting of Com
modore Sydney S. .Marshall. ex-Commo
«Wes E. N. Walter and Allen M. Clav
L. S. Sherman and .A. G. Storey, met at
the Encinal Yacht Club house at Alamefla
to confer with a committee consisting of
fommodorf J. H. Hanley. President H
M. Landsberger. Treasurer P. S. Teller
A. D. Harrison and Dr. C. S. Tlsdale on
the suggested amalgamation of the two
clubs. The idea is to construct a semi
circular breakwater to the south of tho
narrow gauge mole at- Alameda and thus
to form a secure anchorage for tlje
yachts of the two clubs. It was stated
l.££ the »T^ t 2* a breakwater ml*ht be
J4000 to C-'tOO. but nor.a of the membe-s
of the committee had any de.-nite knowl
edge of the probable cost. It would be
necessary to get the permission of th»
Government to construct the proposed
nreak-water. No decision was reached
v A V. h^, a w nl L al JPT, eU " z ot tne South'Bay
Yacht Club the following were elected for
the corning year: A. C. Eaton of th«
*)oop Feu Foliet. commodore: K, G Cov
kendall. vice commodore: F. L, Mach'e
fert. secretary: J. W. Macaulay. trea^u-p--
William Ortley of the schooner Dawn'
port captain; Oliver Ortley of the launch
goby treasurer; S. E. Smith and J E
Fisher directors. The club is in a flour
iPhin* condition, havins: from seventy to
eighty members, and it is exnected that
when the reason opens there will be about
• hundred on the membership list a
committee was appointed to try to secure
• clubhouse and to ascertain the cost of
dredging out a basin in which to moor
the JWj k v The club will open the season
YACHTSMEN TO
DO POLITICS
Tli e winter T>a»e'b«Xl 1ea.ppi« has felt the
chill of the north wind and the dampness
of the rain several times this season, but
it hangs on with tenacious grip and plays
oft postponed games as If nothing had
happened. The Alamedas and Koeniga
will play to-morrow afternoon on the Rec
reation grounds. The teams will lino up:
Koenlgs. Positions. Alnmrdas.
Earar. Catcher .......J. Hammond
Perrine .........Pitcher C. Russell
Keottan.. First base. ...TV. Hammond
Collins '.—.. ..Second base Simpson
J. ISodie ....ThinS base tvichmnn
r>. Bodte ......Shortstop GoWaworthy
Brockhoff #>I«rt field Pritt
McOee ....Center n>M....Van Hiltren
Knell RfKht field Schroedef
The standinsr of the teams In the winter
league is as follows:
"Wen. Lost. PerCt.
Nobles ~ 4 2 Alt
Alamedas 3 S .600
Koenigs 3 3 .600
Golden Gates 1 , 5 .164
All Is not harmony In the southern
leapue, as the following will indicate:
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 25.— Two resignations
have to some extent disturbed the placid
ity of baseball circles In San DleKo. Mon
day's game was characterized by entirely
too much kicking to please the audience
and the management. The kicking was
directed principally at the umpire and
came from both teams, Donlln of San
Dieso belnp the leader among: the San
Dlepos and Kelley among the 8an Beraar
dlnos. It was entirely too roujrh for Um
pire Sylvester, and on the day following
the jrame he Informed Manager Carey of
the San Diegos that his money was not
(rood enouph to make him stand tRe abusn
he received at the hands, or rather at the
mouths, of the players.
Donlin has been the captain of the San
Dle?o team, but as he was severely criti
cized for his kicking, both by the people
who patronize the same and by the news
papers,* he told the management that some
on» else should be allowed to captain the
team, since the people did hot seem to Ilka
his style.
Both resignations have been accepted.
Bill DeveTeaux. the captain of last year's
Sacramento team, was appointed by Man
ager Carey as cat)tain.|rind Charles Van
Horn, who played with the locals hefors
the team was professionalized, will act aa
umpire.
As most of the kicking has been on balJa
and strikes. Manager Carev has asked the
leapue management for the privilege of
having an umpire at the plate to decide
on balls and strikes. Ex-Assemblyman
Lewis Works, who is one of the big ball
cranks of this crank center, has volun
teered to officiate a.i the extra umpire
without expense to the management.
UMPIRES HAVE
MANY TROUBLES,
ERS IN WEDNESDAY'S HURDLE EVENT
AT TANFORAN, TAKING* THB : FIRST O67
STACLE.
EVEN THE BEST AND SUREST OV
"PONT" PLATERS ADMIT THAT THEt
ARE UP AGAINST OBSTACLES IN JUDGING
THE JUMPERS, BUT IN THE ACCOMPANT
ING > ILLUSTRATION THERE ARE A NUM
BER CAUGHT IN THE ACT WHO WILL
NOT ADMIT EVEN THAT 'MUCH. JUMP
| ERS, SPRINTERS OR LONG-DISTANCE
FLIERS ARE THE SAME TOTHEM. THERE
ARE FEW KEENER. JUDGES OF PRICE
IN THIS COUNTRY THAN TIM MURPHY.
BROTHER OF JOE AND "JIM." TIM IS
WELL KNOWN A3 A TURF CORRESPOND
ENT AND PLUNGER. AND CAN OFTEN BE
DISCERNED. "DOPING" UP A WINNER OR
TWO BEFORE THE RACES. "BILLY"
BENNISON IS KNOWN BY HORSEMEN
FROM SARATOGA TO SEATTLE. AND IS A
CLOSE OBSERVER OF ALL THAT HAP
PENS IN A RACE. BLESSED WITH RE
MARKABLE. EYESIGHT. * HE NEVER USES
FIELDGLABSE9, AND HIS JUDGMENT IS
MUCH SOUGHT AFTER. "BILL 1 * AND
JOHNNY HUMPHREY OFTEN COMPARE
NOTES AFTER A RACE. "DICK" HAVEY,
THE STARTER, TIMER AND DRIVER OF
HARNESS HORSES AS WELL, IS SELDOM
WITHOUT A CIGAR BETWEEN HIS TEETH.
"DICK" WOULD RATHER BET A FEW
DOLLARS, THOUGH, ON A GOOD THING
THAN DRIVE A TWO-MINUTE PACER. SO
WOULD AL KOENIOSBERG, AND THE
PAIR COMPARE NOTES QUITE OFTEN. .
? — — -— *
team plays over etehteen holes, match
play, against every other team. If a play
er beats his opponent one or two holes his
team counts one point: if he wins three
or f,our up his team adds two points to It3
Bcore; If he wins five or more up his te*am
counts three points. The team winning
the greatest number of points will carry
oft the Pasadena cup, presented by John
B. Miller, president cf the Pasadena
Country Club and of the Southern Califor
nia Golf -Association. The match will be
concluded to-day. There are seven "an
sociate" members and five "allied" mem
bers of the Southern California Gglf. As
sociation. • - -; •
Next Friday and Saturday, February 1
and 2,- on the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club, contests -for the women's
championship '-of ... Southern California
will be played. Mrs. Jean W. Bowers of
Garvanxa at present holds the champion
ship, but judging from recent play on the
Los Angeles Country dub's links Mrs. E.
D. Silent and Mrs. Fred Griffith may press
her hard. On New Year's day Mrs. E. D.
Silent tied Mrs. J. W. Bowers with a
gross score of 102 for eighteen holes and
Airs. Fred Griffith made a score of 103.
' Though Willie Smith and David Bell
failed to make so- low a record over the
Los Angeles Country Club's course as was
hoped for, they played splendid golf.
Their drives, brassie. iron and approach
shots were almost perfect, but the vary
ing surface of the oiled sand putting
grounds puzzled them and made them lose
confidence. Smith savs that the game of
the Los Angeles golfers is far beyonil
what he had expected to find in Califor
nia and that many of the players compare
favorably with Eastern golfer^ and could
hold their own in any amateur company
in the United States with the exception
of Travis. Douelas. Harriman and Wat
son. David Bell commented on .the ten
dency of gome of the southern golfers to
run up with iron clubs, which is not rood
eolf. and not to pick the ball up cleanlv..
He thinks 'that the running-up approach
should be punished. .;-
Despite the rain last Sunday several
matches were olayed on the Presidio links.
J. W. 'Byrne beating H. C. Oolchar 7 up
over eighteen holes. Worthlngton Ames
defeating Leonard Cheney 1 up over nine
holes, C. P. Eells» winning 3 up from An
drew Carrlgan. Dr. John Spencer beat
ing. S. Q. Buckbee 2 ud. Robert Johnstons
defeating: E. J. McCutchen 3 up and Cap
tain -D. J. Rumbaugh proving: victorious
over G. P. Gow.
The postponed driving- and putting con
tests of the.J?s»usalHo Golf Club will take
place on the, Fort Baker links to-morrow
at 2 p. m..:no matter what the weather
may be. . *'¦ ' _' "' ; ¦ ¦
JUMPERS TAKING THE FIRST OBSTACLE
AT TANFORAN, AND A FEW SIDE LIGHTS
Thf re ie no doubt In the world that
Terry McGovern was the altar on which
all local prizefight promoters were pre
pared to sacrifice themselves. But It now
Feems as if the Twentieth Century Ath
letic Club has won the race, s*-curing the
fistic wonder of the last of the old and the
beginning; of the new century.
In a letter from Jim Kennedy, the offi
cial matchmaker, to Jack Gleason, the
president of the Twentieth Century Ath
letic Club, the former writes that he has
secured the signature of McGovern*s man
eger for a fight between the champion
feather-weight and some other pugilist
not yet nominated, the fight to take place
on April SO before the Twentieth Century
Club. These facts were corroborated later
In the week by a letter sent to Ned Ho
man by Harris. McGovern's manger. Ho
man was out for McGovern with an $8000
purse offer and he burned the wires for
many days in his unsuccessful attempts
to secure the fighter of all fighters. In
this letter to Homan Harris admits the
contract with Kennedy, acting in the
name of the Twentieth Century Club.
What the terras of the agreement signed
by Harris and Kennedy are is not defi
nitely known. Without question they
favor McGovern. for no streee, financial
or pugilistic, is upon him at present. When
it comes to the matchmaking the choice
will be left to McGovern whom he will or
whom he will not meet.
Ned Homan had but one match in mind,
thct with Frank Erne. He thought that
McGovern should allow Erne to fight at
133 pounds, and if a match could be fixed
at those weights and between those men
he would deposit $SO00 purse money with
any reliable party suggested. Homan re
ceived many telegraphic nromises from
Hcrris. but none of any positive nature.
It mu« be that Jim Kennedy's offer was
easier and more to the liking of Harris
and McGovern.
There is pome real desire on the part of
Harris to fight McGovern in this city late
in April or early in May. Terry's theatri
cal venture has been a profitable one, but
in order to keep the edge of business ever
6harp Terry must be ever before the pub
lic as a prizefighter. Prizefight managers
with a money-maker like McGovern are
always looking for something of an easy
order, the good-thing variety. It Is in
cumbent upon the Twentieth Century
Club to match McGovern with a good,
strong man. one who will give him some
kind of a ruh and the public a clean,
strong exhibition.
The February date is held by the Twen
tieth Century Club, which has at last
fixed its card. George McFadden and Dai
Hawkins •wilj be one of the tights. They
have agreed to fight at 133 pounds. Haw
kins has been pitting the loser's purse
quite frequently in his late career, so Mc-
Fadden will step into the ring a pro
nounced favorite. MeFadden is In the
T.p.rt at present, but will leave for San
Francisco !n a very short time.
Crlbb and Thurston are furnishing mat
ter for pugilistic gossip even at this late
day. They hold the local firmament and
are much sought after by every club in
the field. These two men will undoubtedly
fight again. Whether it will be this month
or next Is the question. The Twentieth
Century Club would like the match, but
the National Ck!b will probably get them
Jeffries and Sharkey and Ruhlln and
Mfther, Tom O'Rourke and his string and
ail the smaller fry are turning eyes to
ward the Pacific waters. We will soon
have them with us.
MeGOVERN RACE
IS OVER.
How the Clubs Strained
Every Effort to Get
the Feather-Weight.
PUGILISTIC
MART IS IN
THIS CITY
vOn Wednesday next the first puppy and
sapling stakes will be run. These eventa
wtll'takethe place of the regular midweek
reserve and are preliminary to the Bella
Brandon, which Is scheduled for Wash
ington's birthday.
Judge Grace, the premier Judcre of Amer
ica, Judged 10.000 courses at Union Park
last year. This Is a record hours "*nrt
miles ahead of any other coursing Judge
in the world.
Clark & Growtag-e of New York will
send out Ideale. Lady Flavla and Memory,
three crack Eastern doga, of which no
fear la felt by local owners.
Frank Cushing. master of the long odda
*ook at Union Coursing Park, ts perhaps
the greatest technical student of coursing
in this country. Not only has ho followed
the weekly programmes with a cold and
critical eye. but he has originated a cours
ing "dope," which In Us way is as sys
tematic as any form sheet "dope" book
ever prepared. For the year 1900 he has
prepared a book which covers In tabulated
form the work of every dojt that has run
at Union Park. As San Francisco la tho
coursing center of the world at tho pres
ent time this is easily the most valuable
practical contribution to coursing ever
prepared. It is in the office of tho Union
Coursing Park Association and can bo ex,
amlned at any time. ~^V«
Cuahlng's book shows that during thft
year 114 events were run oft at Union
f= ark iU and t, th f7 aro classified as foilowa;
45 midweek. 42 open, 6 reserves 4 chaml
plon. 2 class, 4 puppy, 2 sapling. 3 special
1 ladles* day championship. 1 Belle Bran
don. 1 Futurity. 2 John Grace cups and 1
John Grace consolation. In all there wer<*
8519 entries made and 888 different hountfa
entered. Tho total purso money was
$74,179.
The winning- sires In their order are:
Emin Pasha $11,612. Skyrocket $3173 \ St.
Lawrence JS157. St. Clalr $3167. Warritough
$2907. Royal Crest shows up well as a sire
whose tret have captured big prizes. Th«
imported dogs won $4615, AIoso (1475) and
Auckland ($462) leading.
- Hero is a list of the winners of $300 and
more. Sacramento Boy, who took $1500 «t
a single clip In the John Grace cup. leads.
This, is the order: Sacramento Boy $1733,
Palo Alto $1355. Harlean Gladys $13)5 Bea
con $1440. Luxor $1323, Whltehead $1093,
Narcissus $1082. Royal Flush $1075. Flyinsr
Fox $1003, Master Clair $975. Brutus $915,
Warship $SS5. Royal Anno $310, Bad- Boy
$772. -La vlna $772; Little Sister $757. Con
nemara $745. Royal Union $683. For Glory
$682. Floodeate $630, Ireland $(U5, Green,
half $597. McKInley $579. Sir Pasha $3fi7.
Bohe $560. Random Aim $532. Cronirt's Wild
Tralee $324, May Hempstead $317. Mao's
Melody $505. Sara $505.
. Tho winners of three or more stakes
are: .Palo Alto six events. Whltehead six.
Royal Anno four. Little Sister four. Nar
cissus three and ono divided. Royal Flush
three. Beacon three, Bad Boy three and
Wedgewood three.
The card for to-day and to-morrow at
Union Park la exceptionally strong. Th«
first round of the 112-dog open stake will
be run to-day. The champion stake, six
teen entries, will bo run In Its entirety to
morrow.
COMPILED.
Stake Events at. Union
Coursing Park Dur
ing Coming Weeks.
SOME DOG "DOPE"
FIGURES AND
FACTS ABOUT
THE HOUNDS
SPORTS: RACING, PUGILISM, COURSING, DOCK SHOOTING, GOLF, TENNIS, BASEBALL, CYCLING, HANDBALL
XJAiS .8 A JT FR AKCI SCO CALL, SATURDAY, JA J< UAKY 26, l»Ul.
4"7LLVSTRATIO.V nEPRODL'CED FROM THE CAUL. OF MAECH 14. 1S?9, AXD SHOWING MAYOR JAMES D.' PHE-v
LAN AFFIXING HIS SIGNATURE TO THE MEASURE WHICH CLOSED INGLESIDE WITHOUT A DAT OF ,V
GRACE TO THE GAMBLERS. :
17O87fIRSTRACE- Seren~~tu*UmK^r^ -¦¦--.-Lwuum.
Index Horse and. Weight. Pst St. K. jj. 8tr. Fin. Jockey t. I ~O^~ HK^ciT^
l£ir ™£T PtU ' "'• %*£ "f * 8H 21 1H 11 Henry" 4 4 13-5 13-10
JSjjJ. Thracia 1C7 7 5 lh 4h 8 1^28 O'Connor S 6 S 1
¦lgl* George Dewey....l» 3 6 10 3 9 li 8 H 3 h Mounce.. \ t |,-|.
¦?£?• £ UC<> K a 107 6 8 72 'H 41 4 4 T.Burns.... 1» 15 15 •
...... u: 2 2 2 1 3h 2H 5 2 Domlnlclc.. 6 u 13 4
T ?'^ 109 84 6n 51 62 IS Jenkins 5 5 4 S-S
' 6'8 : £ n< £l —^ ,? 9 4h 6h » 7 3 X. Turner.. 20 60 SO W
J«« w n 1W U 7 9 - 4 8n 7^ 8h J. Daly 6 • • 6-1
''iS5 d^ an - "2 4 10 11 11 11 9n Ransch 13 20 M 7
1633 Catherine Bravo.. 107 10 11 8n 10 3 10 2 10 1 Danjrman.. 60 100 1» 49
Stralght_Shot 119 11 5h lh 8h 11 W. Barke... 100 «O 200 OT
T \^\^ ; % n :3 ?i' ?.• \i° 4t4: J*' 1:31 - Goo<1 stttrt - Won eas "y- Second and third drlv.
¦inrrtiJE • ' ' W s b> c - by Crescendo-Amida. Winner had nothlnj much to beat
and did It Impressively. Thracia was well ridden. Dewey came from away back. Tola
~^^tjce^o^the^ a_b_lock._
17O3. SECOXD RACE— Three ..furlong* ; two-year-olds; purse, J400.
Index How .-and, Weight. P«t St. H. %.. Str. Fin. " Jockeys. I^T hIV^C!. PI.'
nSKh n!%e£*Z££i JS H I — "" 13 13 Alexander . ~13 40 30 19
S™ h Ill ,? 5 2S 21 T - Burns .. 3-5 7-10 7-10 1-4
•*S L 0 "! 1 }£" 1 52 *< Jenkins « p 7 8-J
:™' Knoi' 108 in io 1( > 3 Frawley ... 40 100 100 20
1662. TorJla 103 9 io u n Domlnlck .. « 19 10 4
.... Flattered ios 4 12 13 12 j. Da i y 15 30 30 10
: J 2H i % i 23^* G( J? d 8tart ' Won han<5il y-' Second and third driving. Winner *.
«™i^ C °^ b ;, C - b> * Eol P < ' ror of Norfolk- Atlanta II. Crozados won like , » real
lushed fhein^'l V « a outs * >rlnted - Snao2 « ran a nice race, Non. of tH« others dl.Un
¦ j. . . . ' |PO-i~ • j TTnftlna-
Index JHone. Age. Weight. |Pat St. Std. H. Str. Fin. | Jockey.. ' Op. HI. Cl~ PI?
7-? pi Vf St ' a ••••• 112 2 2 * l 2h 11H lh Henry "~ 8-5 8-5 Ts W
J«« i. lncItor - »• 116 1 1 « 5 3 2h 2 8 N. Turner.. T-5 8-5 8-5 1-2
«-o- Z OTT ?f T °- a U9 4 3 3h 4H In 3 8 Jenkins .... 5-3 3 " 1 3-3
\\'X 2? Fid .°'. a 102 «32132 58 42 R. Murphy. 30 75 60 10
J«S Rio Chlco. 5......1U 5 4 11. lh 42 520 Monnc. .... . '2 . %
1CS3 Tom Calvm..6..lO2 3 | 6 - SI 6 6 g Burllngame 1M W 100 13
Index Home and- Weight. F?t St.. U*> % . str . Fln . Jockeys. ' Op. Hl*""^ pi?
>!«^ J f nlce '•" 117 * 12 1 2 1H 2 2 13 Monnce"~ 7-5 7-5 i JT5
W- M«twa,-.-...'..:..:.110 6 4 . IS 13 12 2 2 Cbburn 10 15 15 3
1664 Bab ....110 4 3 Sh 3b 3 3 S ns J Miller »^3 « g t
iftS**. g.Vini*il4ssak....no 5 S 4 ns 4 n 5 5 4 S Henry .. .VS. t-i % \ \'%
}ifl ¦ « OTOa K* ¦••¦•• — -"? 2 2 lh 52 4H 5 12 Jenkln 2D 40 40 i*
• U6V (LufA-..; ....105 3j5 6 8 8 6 O'Connor... 10 ;o S 5
T;infr-^:13;/ii. :2*f- H. :«)i; Wl'JS. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. G: B. Morris' ch. f.- by imp. Mldlothlan-Ro.ette. Ju«t ™ plpS opener for
Bhowed earir«^d r . E VW badly " thB * Od - B ° nnl * ""H. 16 * d«»PPointn,en P t LucI
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. If.' %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. Hl" ln cT PI?
1CS7 Josephine B. 6... 117 3 23h 51 * V, 1H O'Connor ... 3 4 SI i~S
1(53 Necklace. a.... y .117 5 3 1 h 2 h 2 *i 2 h Jenkins .... 7 19 w 4
l«0 Almoner. 5 ...119 7 6 2 1<4 1H lh 3 1 Mounce 10 15 13 1
1FZS Our LJzzte, 6 117 11 4n 42 31 42 Coburn 3 3 3?
U59 Osmond. 5 11<» «9 8h6h £2 5 1% r>cminick .. 10 30 SO m
1671 Monrovia, a 117 11 8 6 1* 7 1 6h «1 E. Ross W 30 S li>
979 Florablrd. 4. ...... 1W 8 7. 10 2 9 fh 7h Henrv 4 8 8 J
1CS3 Hohenlohe. 6 122 10 10 9h 8h 7 1 8 H N\ Turner.. « 10 10 4
KM MaxPllo. 6 119 24 7*4 10 9 93 Pee go «o «o 20
H,«0 Wallensteln. 4 llfif 4 5 52 3 n 10 10 T. Bums.... 10 30 30 in
16S7 High Hoe. 6......117| 9 U 11 11 11 11 Fauntleroy 6 8 S »
Time— 1-16. :07: 3-19. :19: 7-16. :434; 6^f. 1:22^. Bad start. . Wo'n first three driving. Wln
n«>r. P. Dunne's b. m. by Falsetto-Patroness. Winner had a very tempestuous trio. Sh<»
bumped Almoner and Necklace near the flnl;hln< point. Our LJzzle Is stale. Florablnl
away badly. So was Hohenlohe. High Hoe practically left. Scratched— Lady Meddlesome
1707. SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and up; purse, S40O.
Po -I ~ , Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI?
C6'6) Theory. 5 112 1 1 4 H 2 h Tl 1 1 Jenkins ~ ~rl si si Tj
1RS6 Bogus Bill. 4 104 62 6h 7 53 2*IR. Murphy.. 50 100 60 10
i::8 Racetto. 4 1C6 3 3 11 1 UJ 1 1!J 3 n Henry 15 40 40 7
1699 Sybarls, 6 109 47 7 S3 3n 45 T. Burns.... 4 5 5 8-s
(1690) Duckoy. 4 109 7 6 5 2 3 h 4 l»i 5 20 Coburn 7 10 9 2
KM Asian, 4 112 55 2h 5h fin 65 Mounce 2 2 2 3-3
(1650) Gusto. 4 112 2 4 3 h 4 1 7 7 Ranach 2!) 60 60 19
Time— U. :25'4: Vt. :50«4: %. 1:1«: mile. 1:«^ Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. .Winner. E>. A. Honig's b. m. by Imp. Esher-Mornlng Glory. Theory all out
and with a more intelligent ride Bill would Love beaten her. Sybarls no ocrrount Duckoy
ran badly. Asian blew up with disastrous results. Scratched— Urchin 109, The Singer 10*
Novla 107, Red Cherry. 102. . . . «***"*
LEXINGTON. Ky., Jan. 25.— William
Mahony, who was y shot -yesterday by
Richard T. Nugent, a racehorse owner,
died to-night and the charge against Nu
gent has been changed . to murder. '
Maliony Succumbs.
The annual ball of the Bay City Wheel
men will be held next Thursday evening,
January 31, at Golden Gate Hall. Invita
tions may be secured from members of
the club. :x ; - . \ . -
Entry blanks can be secured from Mr.
Spillane at the Olympic Club, or at any
of the clubs or cycleries. The Olympics
will have a good many riders entered and
many of the unattached have already sig
nified their intentions of "taking 1 a
chance."
Thomas G. ; Spillane. chairman ; of.\the
racing, committee of the California Asso
ciated Cyclists, is making, arrangements
to hold the annual twenty-five mile 'road
race of the association, on Washington' 3
birthday around the San Leandro; trian
gle. This race has been an annual fea
ture of cycling- events hereabouts 1 for the
last eight years, but was not held -last
year owing to the unseasonable weather
and inability, of riders to train for it.
This year there has been such a clamor
for the race that the committee is going
ahead with its plans and the race will be
run rain or shine. Some splendid prizes
are assured, and as it will be a handicap
race every rider will have a chance to win
one of them.
CYCLING NOTE?.
Last Sunday many of the members of
the South End Rowing Club were at the
bcathouse, some barge crews going • out
for practice. , The handball court was in
use all day. Among the matches played
was one between C. E. A.-Crelghton and
Dan Dougherty on one side and Joe Walsh
and T. I. Fitziiatrick on the other, the
former pair winning three straight gajnes.
Several of the members of the South End
Rowing Club will take part In the ap
proaching boxing tournament at the
Olympic Club, among them . being M. J.
Breen, Matt Harris. James Pallas and
Tom Lynch. Charles Jenkins will enter
the wrestling tournament.
The Alameda Boating Club may give a
ladies' day on "Oakland Creek on Wash
ington's, birthday. , . ,¦¦ ,
The entertainment committee of the
Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club,
consisting of Vice President J. S. Earls.
Captain W. O. Patch; T. J. Kennedy, Fred
Scibel and Charles M. Farrell, has made
arrangements for. several entertainments
during the coming season. The annual
picnic will be abandoned. A high jinks
will be given on* March 16. St. Patrick's
eve, for which good singers and perform
ers will be engaged and at which refresh
ments will be served. ¦
The aquatic entertainment, to ¦which la
dies are invited,- will take place In the
mqntlvof May instead pf. later in the year,
whenithe wind is stronger and the water
rougher.. In July there will be a moon
light - dance for the
members. and their \lady- friends at' the
cluonouse. ; The sand from the beach hav-
Mnp* rotted the .wooden supports of the
.boathouse, the house committee will make
'arrangements for a. permanent concrete
foundation.
The new skiff built by Davy, the boat
builder of Cambridge. Mass., will reach
this city shortly. T. R. Keenan will have
a shell built for him. and George Baker
is already practicing in A. P. Rothkopf's
shell. A gold banded cap will In future
be worn by the captain and lieutenant
captain. W. O. Patch and T. R." Dixon
being the first to don these badges of of
fice. A. W. Pape will not row as an ama
teur any more, but the Dolphins will have
excellent representatives in the senior qnd
junior outrlgged skiff races on the bay.
Captain W. O. Patch intends to encourage
friendly relations among the 'city oars
men, ard to. that end will take out' the
four beats fully manned to pay calls on
the Arlels. Pioneers and South Ends.' 'E.
II. Coney, the new president of the Dol
phins, will be introduced in this manner
to his brother oarsmen of other clubs.
OARSMEN. PLAN ,
SOCIAL EVENTS
Mayor Phelan Makes the Remarkable Declaration;
That He Favors a Return of the Bookmakers for
a Yearly Season of Thirty Days-A Vital Matter
EFFORT WILL BE MADE TO WIN SUP
ERVISORS ON MONDAY. .
GAMBLERS CONSPIRING
TO REOPEN INGLESIDE
AND RESTORE THEIR REIGN
CINCINNATI, Jan. 2o.-The Saengerfest
Athletic Club directors and. all those'di
rectly Interested in the successful-pulling
off of the Jeffrles-Ruhlln fight February
15 were made happy to-day by word from
Attorney General Sheets at Columbus that
the contest would not be prevented
through warranto proceedings to oust the
club from its charter. The Attorney Gen
eral said while he . had, notibeen asked to
act in the matter,, If he'should be request
ed to brine such aT suit the club would
have thirty days in which to answer, and
by that time the fight would be over.
Mayor Julius Kleischman to-day granted
the association a permit to have two spar
ring matches at the Saeneerfest -building
on February "15, one of. ten rounds and
one of twenty. .The committee to-day
called on the Mayor and' presented its
plea that ,the-' permit be issued; af once.,
They stated that in view of the fight be
ingr made against the proposed contest be-;
tween Jeffries and Ruhlin to aid in lift
ing- the Saengerfest debt, they did- not
think it was Just to them that the Mayor
should withhold his permit until two- days
bf fore the flght was scheduled to come off.
The committee informed the Mayor that
If a fight were to be made in the courts
against the contest it should be done at
once. They asserted, that the contracts
for remodeling the Saengerfest Hall had
been let and the work was ready to be
pushed .when the .permit was granted.
The Mayor said that he had not-before
had these views presented to him. • He ad
mitted their force and at once Issued the
permit. ¦ 1 ' -. _,
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mayor Signs Document
and Attorney General
Declines to Interfere
SECURES - PERMIT
FOR BIG FIGHT.
SAENGERFEST
ASSOCIATION
VICTORIOUS
If I were consulted in the matter I would suggest that all bookxnaking be prohibited and the
gamblers forced to the extremity of making handbooks. This would remove the temptation to those who
do not know the game and confine gambling to those who do. The statement that I have been in consul
tation with Supervisors looking to the adoption of an ordinance which will permit a limited local sea
son, of racetrack gambling is not a fact. I have not been consulted in the affair, and know nothing of
what will be done or is in contemplation for Monday. The Board of Supervisors, however is an aggres
sive body. — Mayor James D. Phelan in an interview yesterday with The Call. ' : *
I cannot answer, therefore, what I will do if the legislature adopts no law and the Supervisors
of San Francisco do enact an ordinance permitting limited racing, except to say that I am in favor of it in
this city. I will not say that I will not sign such an ordinance and I will not say that I will do so. I am
simply in favor of a limited season of horse-racing in San Francisco.
'While I admit that the legislature should adopt some restrictive measure I also admit that
if it does not no ordinance adopted by the Supervisors of San Francisco, fixing a limited season here
will be effective. Unless we give the gamblers as many days' racing as their competitors in" another
county w» will not accomplish the purpose I have in view.
I am convinced that this matter should receive the attention and thoughtful consideration of the
State legislature, which should limit racing in every county to thirty days, but the State legislature, as
at present organized, is not such a body as to encourage me to hope that it will do anything in the prem
ises. If Euch a restrictive law were adopted we in San Francisco could have thirty days of racing, Oak
land could have the same privilege; and also San Mateo. This would give these gamblers an equal num
ber of days in each city and an equal opportunity to pick the pockets of the same public, for the public
is the same in the three counties.
I em in favor of a limited season of horse-racing, say of thirty days, in San Francisco. I do
not believe that we should give gamblers of Oakland an opportunity f cr an exclusive privilege to pick
pockets simply because we have a moral crusade on in this city. I belie ve that we ought to permit this
racing season of thirty days in San Francisco simply as a dissipation for our people. I would therefore
approve a city ordinance providing for a limited racing season.
"I Am in Favor of a Limited Season of Horse-Racing."
Public gambling is a great evil, leading: to poverty, disgrace, defalcation and death, which the
records of the city abundantly prove, and its practice should be discountenanced and suppressed.
Excerpt from the msssage of Mayor James D. Phelan.' Delivered to the Board of Supervisors on January 8, 1900.
"Public Gambling Is a Great Evil and Should Be Suppressed'*
MAYOR PHELAN'S PECULIAR DECLARATION.
fi»p|-<aHE people of this city must again
I face the menactt of an evil which
1 1 it was hoped that local leglsla-
II tlon, supported by a united presa,
pulpit and public opinion, had
crushed out of Baa Francisco. A con
spiracy more dangerous, more powerfully
orrs-nlzed than any of its predecessors is
on foot to reopen th« racetrack at Incle
slSe and bring back to this city the gam
blers, touts, bookmakers and their dis
graceful rout, which wrought such incal
culable harm before.
So thoroughly has this dangerous move
ment been planned that it already pos
i^skps the Indorsement of Mayor James D.
Phelan. who declared in an interview yes
terday that he favors the reopening of
Ir.gleside racetrack for a yearly season of
thirty days, with a revival of the r-m
gllng which before brought poverty, mis
ery*, dishonor and death to so many of
the homes of Saa Francisco. It is not
likely that any other public act of Mayor
Phelan will create such astonishment aa
this announcement of his that he Is will
ing to* sign an ordinance reopening thft
racecourse.
In the agitation which reached a climax
In the closing of Inrieslde . and the de
etruction of the evil which it represented
Mayor Phelan played & most prominent
part. The pressure of public opinion, of
the prees. of the pulpit, of men of affairs
In every walk of life, of merchants, law
yers, artisans, was uaon him and when
the ordinance killing the gambling. of In
&tles!de was adopted by the Supervisors
The issue is a serious one to all who
have at heart the welfare of the city.
It Is almost Idle, to tell the story of the
crime and shame which Ingleside brought
to San Francisco., The story Is too well
known In the records of our courts and
Jails, in our Morgue, In disgraced officials,
in dishonored men of • position,'. In young
men ruined at the very threshold of their
career. This story, I bo , often told. , with
chapters that j have j been . added , by some
new offense possesses a personal, dreadful
Such a remarkable chance In the posi
tion of the chief executive of the city
should be evidence conclusive of the as
se'rtlon that the people of San Francisco
must flght unitedly *Jid at once to pre
vent a recurrence of the shame and disas
ter which was before upon the city. Un
less the clergymen of this city wish to
hear again the storv of sorrow amor.p
their flock, to see homes wrecked, young
men and women dishonored, thieves made
of honorable men anil the penitentiaries
being filled they must make their protest
at once, for it is planned that .on Mon
day morning by vote of the Board of Su
pervisors Ingleside racetrack shall be re
opened. . -~'H:
Action Must Be Taken at Once.
Mayor Phelan, without leaving his seat
in the Supervisorial chamber, signed the
ordinance, bo conspicuously did he wish
to express his unqualified Indorsement of
the measure which nad become a law.
And now he says that he wants to sea
Ingleside racetrack reopened.
In order, therefore, that they may, place
in an entering 'wedge for their, return, to
the city the gamblers have decided to ask
the Supervisors . for thirty days In each
year in which they, will be licensed " by
law to rob the people. ; If they, cannot
have three months, then ; one month • will
b* of vast profit;, to them. . ; . And v Mayor
Pbelan makes the remarkable announce-
In this latest attempt of the gamblers
to regain the enormously, wealthy field
In which in this city, they operated and
preyed upon^the youth of San Francisco,
an. Insidious .scheme has been. Involved.
Tne bookmakers and Eastern; crooks
know that public opinion is so violently
antagonistic to . them here that it would
be the height of folly to attempt to return
with unlimited. racing. The people of Ban
Francisco have paid too much in dishonor
and death to permit the unlimited game
again.
Unless the merchants of this city wish
to see a return of the dangers and temp
tations and varied pitfalls of the race
course return to trap new clerks, other
employes and other confidential servants
they must at once make their protest to
the Board of Supervisors, for it is planned
that on Monday an 'effort will be made In
that body to reopen the Ingleside race
track. Unless the arrangements are
changed before Monday Supervisor Tobln
will introduce- the resolution . providing
for the reopening of the track.
Mayor Phelan's Extraordinary Plea.
meaning to every one who has at stake
anything In this city.
It was stated yesterday that Mayor
Fhelan had been . consulted by. members
of the Board of Supervisors, in reference
to the proposed ordinance,; but the .Mayor
dented this, admitting, however, ; that he
Is ; in I favor of such > an '. ordinance. = ; He
says , that ; he i has heard nothing/ of ,the
projected law,' but"; feels '.confident of the
aggressiveness" of , the Supervisors, In view
of. the - prospective ) failure of. any.- legisla
tion at Sacramento.
"Public gambling ; is a great evil, lead
ing to poverty, disgrace,", defalcation and
death, which t. the :;. records Hot ; this city
abundantly, prove, and its practice should
be" discountenanced ' and suppressed.", : '
Now Indorses.
More than that,, Mayor Phelan gives an
extraordinary reason for saying that he
would like to see Ingleside racetrack re
opened for thirty, days every 'year. It is
not because he wishes to encourage horse
racing, because he says that he knows
nothing i about it; and is . not Interested.
He says . that simply because, a moral
crusade is on In San Francisco we should
not' legislate so as to give one set of ras
cals In Oakland an advantage , over an
other set in San Francisco, and, therefore;
we should permit the set in San Fran
cisco operate as well. This extraordinary
explanation it*~is hardly to be expected
will be satisfactory to the merchants,
ministers and f public-spirited citizens of
this city. Nor Is It particularly.in.har
mony with Mayor Phelan's own words In
hls-message to; the "Board of Supervisors
delivered'on January 8, 1900. Those words
were as follows: , : .
Phelan's Denunciation . of I^ What He
ment that he fa\*ors an ordinance which
¦will . reopen Ingleside for thirty days. :
James Rodgeri, convicted of conn
terf el tin a:.
Doctor Stark, sent to San Qaentln
f or - connierfelttnar.
• W. F. Rodgersi, aervlnff term In
San Qnentln for eounterf elt lngr.
Stephen Roienbanm, convicted aa
a counterfeiter.
Kate Mnleomnen, sent to San
Qnentln for arson.
William J. Lyoni, confidential
bookkrrprr, embexiler and suicide.
Edward Lydon, confidential cleric
and embeixler. -\
Jennie Zwald, confidential clerk
and cmb«nler. . - ,• - . .-
M. Dujn, bookkeeper and embei>
sler.
Clans Iiakitn, ; secretary, embex
sler andfagitire.
Daniel Lynch,' bookkeeper, embei*
xler ond convict. ¦ •'¦•
J.* E. Ilaohninnii. treasurer, ; em*
besaler and San Qaentln convict.
.: Robert .Henry, collector, embez
xlrr and nncaptnred fugitive.
Jobn Doochertr, - secretary and
tried : for embezzlement.'. "
Bernard Word, accused and tried
for embezzlement.
'Oscar Andrrion, confidential
clerk, ; embesaler ' and fugitive. ¦
; Captain . John ; M. 5eale,* U.' S.' A^
embenlen deserter, fugitive and an
officer dishonorably discharged
from 'the service. ' ...
'Peter McGlade, bookkeeper for
Superintendent .of Streets of San
Franclaco, faKitlre and tried -for
forgery. "
John TV. Jordan, postofflce em*
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 23.— "Weather
fine; track fast. Results:
One mile, selling:— Admetus won. Locust Blot-
Bom second. Greyforse third. Time. 1:43.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Kenova. won.
Scorpolette second. Cogswell third. Time,
1.67%.-
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Domadge won.
Henry of Franstamar second. Heroics third.
Time. 1:49. ~v-V.
RACE RESULTS
AT NEW ORLEANS
Probable "Winners.
First race— Argot, Alzura, Florist*.
Second, race— MacGyle. Prejudice. TuthiU.
Third race — Durnell stable. Can't Dance.
Fourth race— Eddie Jones, Advance Guard,
The Lady.
Fifth race— Dollie Welthoff. Mocorlto, Dandy
Jim.
Sixth race— Scotch Plaid. La Borgia, Jos
RIpley.
THE GALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
The rich Winter * handicap will be the
feature of the sport at Tanforan Park this
afternoon. .Tod Sloan will probably pilot
The Lady. •' , \^ •
Following are, to-day's entries:
First race — Seven ', furlongs; three-year-old
f.;ile»; purse: ; v • ;
.... El Fhalee......lC2 .... La Gorta 106
'1SS5 Argot ......102 16C8 Klngstelle 104
1657 Darlene '.......'. 102 (16S2)Nellle Forest. ..107
1701 Alzura 102 1670 Loneliness 102
Florlsta '..:..;.. 103
Second race— Mile and seventy yards; four
year-olds, and up; purse: .
1673 Prejudice .¦ 104 • 1674 Tcrslda 119
11675 MacGyle 106 1696 Tuthill 109
.Third : race— Two miles; four-year-olds and
up; San Francisco ¦ Champion Hurdle Race:
-1679 Can't Dance. .'.144 1680 Pallucas 136
,16it2 Granger 158 1240 Tortbio 140
1542 Tcxarkana 143 1260 Romany 136
(1679)Crcdo ..166 1630 Lothian 138
1697 Periwig 140
Fourth race — Mile and a quarter; three-year
olds and up; Winter Handicap:
1700 \>suvian .-. 122 1579 Andrisa X15
(1694)Edd!e Jones. ...118 (1697)Advnce Guard.121
1700 Vulcain 112 1694 The Lady Ill
1704 Vlncltor 109 1694 Autumn 108
1697 Montanlc 106 1704 Formero 104
1697 Grcenock 1C1 1633 Rolling Boer.. .102
1694 Bathos .98
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up: selling:
1687 Invlctus 92 1658 Dandy Jim...... 92
1419 Antioch 107 1696 Maggie Davis. .108
1695 Courtier ........ 89 1661 Tlng-a-LIng ...102
1683 Don Luis 107 1693 Mocorlto 105
16C3 Dollle Welthoft.105 1GSI Montallade ....107
(1676)Grand Sachem. 101
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
purse:
16S6 Mary Klnsella.109) 1693 Scotch Plaid. ..Ill
16S6 Faunette 10? 1679 Charles Le Bel. Ill
1416 Racery ....'.....109 14S9 Rlxford 106
15C3 Royal Prize.. ..Ill 1636 Monda Ill
1661 Dr. Cave..... ...109 .... Joe Rlpley......ll4
1056 I,a Borgia. 104 1594 Orpheus 106
. LMOST ~ forgotten." th"e- familiar
t\ colors of "Lucky" Baldwin, the
'/h\ black, with red .maltese . cross,
Aj\ suddenly^ popped Into 'prominence
at',Tanforan Park; yesterday,... by
the performance of Cruzadbs in the'two
yearrold scramble.- There^were .twelve
starters, and 'in the hurry' arid "bustle to
get aboard Dr. Scharff;. the 7 to 10 favor
ite, with Tommy ''Burns .up, t every thing
else was overlooked. - A' few -trainers who
had seen.. Cruzados work over .at Ingle
side. and- were not scared by\the 40 to 1
laid about* him, " took what'; they, consld-"
ered a long, chance. At the. start Con
testant and the: favorite: showed "In the
lead, but only for, an 'instant.. Alexander
made a short- turn into the stretch -with
the Baldwin entry, and fairly burning the
track up, won "buck jumping" " from' the
first" choice; and Rosewar. •• The -."winner,
a showy, looking bay colt by Emperor of
Norfolk-Atlanta II, covered' the three
furlongs In :35*4, the track record, made
by Sofa la last season. The 'track was
slow, and the performance- 'so impressive,
that Sam Hildreth Is reported to have
offered 45000 «for the youngster.
With the disappearance of mud came a
decided • Improvement in the showing of
first choices, five short-enders decamping
with purses. The attendance and betting
were only fair.
The Vernal stakes, over seven furlongs;
for three-year-old fillies, was simply a
gift for Janice. -, The ring laid the long
odds of 7 to 5 against Green Morris' shifty
miss, although she - looked pounds I the
best. Indulging Maresa with the lead Into
the stretch, Mounce let out a wrap on the
favorite, which breezed in first, by three j
lengths in 1:29. As Bab nosed, out Bonnie
Litsak for the show, it looks very much
as if Janice held a mortgage on the Oaks,'
shortly to be decided.'
Impromptu had his odds hammered
down from fours to 13 to 5 in the betting
on tho opening: seven-furlong affair for
maiden tnree-year-olds. The Crescendo
colt proved quite as good an -Investment.,
as touted/ for he disposed of .Thracia very |
handily when asked by Henry. ¦ .George .;
Uewey ran into the show.- - ¦•• ¦ - . ¦ ¦¦
. There was little to choose in the betting,
on the mile and a half run between old
Topmast and Vlncltor. The latter horse
warmed up sore, and although running
a fairly creditable race, lost tne. decision,
to Topmast by a head. Henry piloted
the winner and Nash Turner tne. losing
horse. Willie Sink thought Kormero had
a grand chance,-.- buWthe'cheBtnuti-bors©
seems to have lost his form, flnlsnlntfia
distant third. '. , •• . :.i:-v '.
| After experiencing < some exceedingly
rough weather, Winnie O'Connor finally
got home flrst'astride Josephine B, in- the
tifth event at eix and a half furlongs.
Pat Dunne's mare was .sent to the post
a 13 to 5 favorite over a" big field, and In
a drive led Necklace .out half a length.
Almoner made most of the running, and
had the distance been half a furlong
shorter would have scored.
Dan Honig's mare Theory .stretched It
out In the mile run. which closed the
day's sport, fortunately for her backers,
having nothing to beat. Much was ex
pected of Asian, but that horse quit be
fore half the route had been covered. At
the wire. Theory was about all out to
beat the 100 to 1 shot Bogus Bill a length
In 1:43%. ¦ ¦
Track Notes.
BY F. EJ.
|[aini^|?)Ri^§(d|^^|^uno^ Captures the Vernal
Ill^aj^^lJl^^^llal^lpii a Common Canter,
and'/Looks W;iaye the Oaks at Her Mercy
EQUALS ;THE TRACK RECORD AND IS
|i|pl^Hg^SD|l SMART ONE.
QUOTED A 40 TO 1 CHOICE,
CRUZADOS LOSES A BIG
FIELD OF TWO-YEAR-OLDS
O. M. AVelburn, Collector of Inter
nal Rerenne, tried Jfor embezzle
ment. ;'*'•-¦, ¦ ' - » ¦ • ¦¦ :. ;
A. C. Wldber, San Francisco Treas
urer, embezzler and ' convict in San
Qnentln. , "
Theodore Figel,confidential.book
keeper, tried % for murder and; em
bezzlement. "•
The people of San Francisco dare not
permit themselves* to suffer a repetition
of the reign of the racecourse In this city.
And. when they ' reflect upon what | that
reign >meant the" following . recapitulation
of ; the" heritage "¦ San Francisco received
from". Ingleside will ' be' a ' warning which
shouldnotbe neglected, nor overlooked:.
Isnao -Norton, cashier, embezzler
and calclde. ; ..'. ¦
They went to San Mateo and there the
people, men and women of standing;
heads of families, employers and clergy
men arose In rebellion agbinst them and
put. an. end. to their - depredations. And
now, by artifice, cunning and secrecy, they
are ' seeking to gain another foothold In
San Francisco. - It rests with the people
of -.this city, with those who have homes
to protect, property to guard and honest
lives? to preserve; , to see that the gam
blers do not: win.
City's Debt of Dread to the Gamblers.
In this manner this vital Issue to the
people of San Francisco now rests. After
suffering scandal, crime, moral disease
and death from Ingleside racetrack tho
gamblers were driven out. The crimes
ceased, murders, arsons, defalcations, sui
cides were not again repeated and the
bookmakers were thrown out of the city.
ploye, robber and San Qnentln con*
?let.
James D. Pace, ex-District Attor
ney of San Francisco, forger, em
beuler and convict.
ytrm. Cordelia Botltln. aceaied,
tried and convicted of murder.
Henry Walker, boy, confessed
thief.
. Francis Dun, boy, confessed lar
cenlst.
Robert Heaney, confidential cleric,
embezzler and fugitive.
Mrs. Ellxabeth Sblelds, bonse>
rrltr, acensed of arson.
Henry Beacom, aceaied of arson*
¦ Mrs. Knsenla Scbnller, accused of
arson.
Robert ° Lawson, commercial
agent, forger and convict.
Bayard SavlIIe, confidential agent,
fora-er and San Qaentln convict.
Henry Sloan, man of aualrs, for
cer and convict In San Qnentln.
IV. A. William*, forger and San,
Qnentln eonvtct.
A. G. Bergmann, bookkeeper, em
beriler and convict at penitentiary
at San Qnentln.
Cbarles TV Jensen, merchant, nt
terer of ; flctltlona check* and con
vict at San Qaentln Penitentiary.
The foregoing Is something: and not by
any means all of what this city had to
pay for the privilege of allowing Ingleslda
to keep open its doors as a licensed engine
of debauchery. On Monday morning the
gamblers of the racecourse hope to open
Ingleside once, more. It rests with the
people of this city, aroused In protesting
effort, to see that the conspiracy doea
.not succeed. gjw
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. Jan. 23.— Thomas
Sharkey Is here from "West Baden and has
engaged Spider Kelly, an old trainer, to
help condition him. When he returned
from a flve-mlle walk over mountains this
mornlngr he was shown, a' dispatch from
Louisville, statins' he had been matched
to fight twenty rounds with Peter Maher
before the- Louisville Athletic Club.
"That Is not so," said Tom. "I have,
not been matched to fight anybody before
the Louisville Club, but I expect to fight
Maher some time In March In San Fran
cisco If Kennedy Is successful In his new
club venture.". ,. > ¦-. ~
SHARKEY GOES
INTO TRAINING
One mile, handicap— Cluster won. Varro sec
ond. Tea Gown third. Time, 1:41%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Pleuron wen. Jocksy
Jo* second. Iris third. Tlm«. 1:39%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Eugenia 8 won.
F«»oueath second. Helen Paxton third. Time,
Il4t774.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,^ SATURDAY, JANIJARY 26, 1901.
5Rainey and Kelly, it is announced, have discovered
at Sacramento a basis upon which they can work to
their common advantage. This ought to be a rea
sonably, emphatic proclamat^n that what Rainey and
Kelly want is just what the public does not.
The local Chinese who was hit on the head with
an ax while trying to collect a bad debt is probably in
a condition now to sympathize with that institution of
ours which we call a collection agency. We submit
the other fellow's head for such delicate attentions as
the ax.
An effort is being made to prove that a prominent
Hawaiian, who died believing that a. red devil wa«
perched on his shoulder, was the victim of a witch
The investigators should not forget that snakes do
not always constitute the sure symptom of something
which is not witchery.
CHAPLAIN— P.." Alameda. Cal. The
qualifications requisite to bo a chaplain in
any of the soldiers* homes are that tho
applicant must be a minister, of some rec
ognized 'denomination. The applicant
must file an application with the proper
authorities. • Personal influence, like let
ters of recommendation, would- not como
amiss. •, • -
UNIVERSITIES— E.R. F., City. 1 The
attendance of the principal universities In
the United States at the beginning of the
academic year 1900-01 was as follows:
Harvard 426S, Michigan 3404, Minnesota
3137. Columbia 2945. California 278S. Yale
2536, Cornell 2418, Pennsylvania 2319 Chi
cago 1864, Wisconsin 1793, Stanford 1262 and
Princeton 1253.
FEED— J. R., Upper Mattole. Humbo!dt
County. Cal. Forage of stock food !s
called "feed" because it is a. noun. Fwl
is also a verb.
POSTOFFICE— A. S. By applying to
the secretary of the Civil Service Com
n-lsslon at the Postofflce in this city all
desired Information relative to ;»ie Com
missioners, time for examination, etc., will
ba furnished. ¦
SOUTH OF . TEHACHAPI-C. F. I/.,
Lodl, Cal. Tho United States Congress
men from California south of Tehachapi
are James McLachlan, from the Sixth
District, and James C. Needham, from the
Seventh. , '. ,
MEETING OF THE "WATERS— Old
Subscriber, Vallejo, Cal. The Irish mel
ody "The Meeting of the Waters" was
written by Tom Moore after, a visit in 1807
to a romantic part of scenery which lies
between Rathdrum and Arklow, In the
County Wicklow, where the rivers Avon
and Avoc meet. -
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— The following
Callfornlans are in New York. From San
Francisco— J. Hallard at the Gllsey, G.
Eachelder at the Grand Union, F. T.
Brown at the Holland. J. Marks at the
Herald Square, Mrs. Rosenwald at the
Herald Square. C. C. Williams at the
Hoffman, H. R. Williams Jr. at • the
Broadway Central. M. Kohn at the Herald
Square. From Los Angeles— L. E. Hlckok
at the Astor, Hunter Hill at tho Imperial,
W. B. Blackstone at the Murray Hill.
From San Rafael— Miss Nichols. H. Wll
klns. Miss Wilkins and Mrs. Wllklns at
the Holland.
CALIFOHNIANS IN NEW YORK.
A vigorous growth and the cr'Klnal color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balaam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
New Santa Fe Train.
The new Santa F» train known as th« Cali
fornia Limited affords service very much vupe~
rlor to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. •
W. H. Davenport, general agent of the
Colorado Midland, has returned from
Denver and other Eastern points.
James Warrach, freight and passenger
agent of the Union Pacific at Sacramento,
has arrived in the city.
Burt M. Thomas, special internal
revenue agent at this port, returned from
Honolulu yesterday.
E. B. McClanahan, a prominent Hono
lulu attorney, and wife are at the Occi
dental.
Walter F. Parker of Los Angeles is at
the Grand.
Dr. J. W. Brown of Grass Valley Is at
the Grand.
Howard W. Kemper, an Arizona mining
man, is at the Grand.
Dr. M. Robert Stapn and wife of San
Jose are late arrivals at the California.
George F. Hinton, assistant manager of
Souza's Band, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Such well known English garden plant3
as the phlox and the verbena have run
wild over hundreds of acres of sandy
Texan and Australian plains.
DOUBTLESS to many Americans the pompous
parade with' which the accession of Edward;
VII to the throne of Great Britain was pro
claimed at various points in the city of London seemed
but a medieval folly, a mere display of "fuss and
feathers." There was, however, much more in it than
that. Back of the show was a substance that em
bodied the liberties of the British people and marked
the difference between a constitutional King and a
Kaiser or a Czar.
The hereditary Earl Marshal of the empire, accom
panied by four kings at arms, four heralds and eight
pursuivants, all gorgeously arrayed, and attended by
an imposing escort of the Horse Guards, marched
from the palace to Temple Bar, where of old stood
the gateway of the city. There they found stretched
across the street a silken rope. That rope meant
freedom. It was a symbol of the line beyond which
neither the King nor the King's troops could go
without the consent of the Lord Mayor, the Aldermen
and the citizens of London. It was a virtual mani
festation that Edward rules not by divine right but
by the consent of his people. Not until the London
authorities had given their approval could the stately
procession of soldiers and heralds and kings at arms,
with the Marshal at their head, enter the ancient city
of London and proclaim the accession of the King.
• When so much of meaning and so much of what ij
most glorious in British history is embodied in an
old form it is well worth while to perpetuate the
form. When Edward takes his coronation oath he
will not speak of himself as a "war lord" nor talk
of "me and my army." He will speak of the British
constitution and the laws enacted by the British peo
ple. The pomp and parade that revive the flummery
of the middle ages will also revive the memory of the
great struggles of those ages by which the Commons
of Great Britain established their rights as a free peo
ple. It is not strange the British should preserve
customs that are so full of memories of the past, sig
nificance for the present and promise for the future
Liberty is so valuable a possession that even its pa
geantry is worth preserving.
THE SHCW 0ND THE SUBSTANCE*
A CHANCE* TO SMILE.
"Don't you love to hear a tea kettle
sing?"
"I'd rather hear a coffee pot grumble."—
Indianapolis Journal.
"Say. pa." said little Willie. ?
"Well, my boy?" responded his parent.
"What did the Dead Sea die of?"—Phlla
delrhia Record.
When a man asserts that he Is as grood
as anybody, you can put it down that he
thinks himself better.— Philadelphia Rec
ord.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE FINANCIAL BILLS.
THE executive committee of the Indianapolis
Monetary Conference has continued its work:
for the security of the gold standard and the
maintenance of the parity of all our currency. It will
be seen that to carry the vast load of silver dollars
and prevent a slump that would make them the ac
tual basis of our credit the exchangeability of the two
metals at the will of the holder must be provided for.
This step is taken in a bill now before the Coinage
Committee of the House, and its passage at this ses
sion is so desirable that business men all over the (
country should be heard from by their Representatives
and Senators in its behalf. This legislation completes
the basic principle of the gold standard and is be
lieved to secure that standard from successful assault
by any other method than its direct repeal.
The present Congress passed the gold standard law
and should pass this completion and finality of thru
statute, and the business community should urge it to
do so.
¦ The next Congress has many new men in it who
have not taken part in the discussion of this part of
the needed financial legislation. If it is passed to
them they must begin at the beginning of the subject.
For this reason the bill should be passed by a Con
gress that has already debated it and knows the need
of it. . '
The committee will have work enough for the next
Congress on another branch of the subject.* With the
gold standard efficiently established we may safely
begin reforms in our banking system, which should
be made a more useful instrument for the convenience
of the people. That subject may well occupy the at
tention of the next Congress.
fl TRIUMPH OF INSOLENCE.
THE Committee on Finance of the Federal Sen
ate has reported the House bill amendatory of
the war revenue act of JS98 with a provision
which relieves the express companies of the country
from further concern about their unstamped receipts
?.nd bills of lading. If the amendatory measure i*
passed — which is extremely probable— the burden of
j-ayir.g the expenses of the late war and supporting
the Government's Philippine policy will be taken
fiom the backs of these corporations and placed
i-pon the backs of the people.
This action by Congress may be designated as a
complete triumph of the meanest, the most un
patriotic and the most despicable of all the corpora -
tions which infest this unhappy land.
The war revenue act, of 1898 was passed during a
period of excitement which called for the manifesta
tion of all the finer attributes of national prid^ an<l
spirit. Every business interest affected by .that meas
ure responded promptly to the demand made upon it
for money with which to carry on the Spanish war —
except the corporations dngaged in the business oi
exprcssage. These organizations not only refused to
pay their taxes in the face of repeated rulings by the
officials of the Xation.il Government and repeated de
cisions by the courts of the different States, but they
expended large sums of money in employing lawyer,
tc carry their contumaciousness to the United States
Supreme Court.
That tribunal finally decided, not that the stamp tax
hr.d not been properly levied upon them, but that they
might by increasing their rates shift it upon their cus
tomers. This decision pointed out a way by which the
entire burden «of sustaining the Government in its
hour of trial could be transferred, and no time was
lost by the express companies in availing themselves
of it.
But the fact still remains that before this decision
was rendered they extorted the money from their cus
tomers with which to pay for the stamps required to
he placed upon their receipts and bills of lading. The
result of it all is that they have demonstrated to the
nation the insolent proposition that resistance in the
payment of war taxes by corporations, if persisted in,
may be made successful.
We doubt whether the annals of the country fur
nish a more irritating instance of corporation defiance
than is supplied by these express corporations in con
nection with these war taxes. Congress has done it
self no credit by withdrawing from the contest in thii
manner. It should have relevied the tax and en
forced its payment out of the income of the con
tumacious corporations. The fact that the nation's
legislators have meekly responded to the insolence nf
the express companies by acceding to their demands
is one of the most extraordinary cases of humility
on record. These corporations have spat upon Con
preps, spurned the nation's Government, and, like;
Fc.s«, Tweed, are now asking, "What are you going to
do about it?" "-•? '
The spectacle is not one which is calculated to in
spire patriotic sentiments among the people. If jus
tice were done, these corporations would be driven out
of business and compelled to leave the country to
which they are a disgrace.
Mining at Cape Nome promises to be somewhat
more profitable this season to legitimate miners than
it was during the last. President McKinley has taken
a hand in the game and insists that there shall be in
the northern city a United States marshal who will
permit miners to work their claims for what they
may find.
The Board of Supervisors has adopted measures
designed to prevent the sale of food preservatives. It
might not be unwise for our local legislators to do
something to enforce the corrective laws which are
already in the books and violated under the eyes of
health inspectors.
Those residents of San Rafael who wanted to lynch
a man the other night should remember thafthere are
some rivalries of American cities in which a progres
sive coranitmity should not take part
The Board of Public Works has given its official
promise that it will observe more carefully and faith
fully in the future than it has in the past a supervision
of street construction. It is consoling at least to
know that our municipal servants have a sufficient
sense of propriety to admit their delinquencies and
pledge reform.
Several German statesmen are of the opinion that
it would be unwise for their country to renew its
treaty of trade relations with the United States. This
ought to be a fairly emphatic indication to the Ger
man people that their welfare demands the retirement
of several of their- statesmen to a less dangerous
The young man who confesses that as a stranger
of three days in our midst he succeeded in committing
three burglaries will probably have reason to remem
ber that we have not yet reached that ideal extrava
gance of . hospitality where we are willing to give
everything we have to our guests.
The Havana postal clerk who confessed the other
diy that he stole $1300 ought to be ashamed of him
self. While traveling in the company of princely
thieves he should have had the discretion to equal
their endeavors or, preserve silence. Thievery seems
to be on the decline in Havana.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
"The new spring shirt waists are la tha
shop windows already."
"Yes. and you'll see that will work th»
weather man up to sendlns^u* a «tickens.
of a spell" of cola weather."-H?hIcago Rec
ord.
are so many kinds
or birds, don t you know?— Detroit Free
Artist— Yes.
«,^?i t »« er 7? W y * ou .» observe the blrdllka
quality of her notes?
Father-Tou heard my daughter alng
last nipnt?
It is predicted that the California Legis
lature will have a short session this term.
If all the bills introduced are to have the
attention desired by their authors busi
ness must bo pushed through in a more
harmonious manner than heretofore, or an
adjournment will be long delayed. Grove
L. Johnson and other windy members of
If the legislative solons keep adding to
their supply of attaches they will soon
have as many as the last Democratic Leg
islature had. and the State will pay $100,000
for unnecessary employes. Should any
other branch of the State Government
waste so much It would be cursed from
SIsklyou to San Diego.— Hueneme Dally
Standard.
If the solons thoroughly digest all the
bills that have been introduced at Sacra
mento it will keep them busy from now
till next Christmas.— Contra Costa Ga
zette.
The Assemblymen of Central and North
ern California have formed a combination
for mutual protection. This matter will
have to be handled with considerable
diplomacy, or it will result in placing
these members in a hopeless and neglected
minority.— Grass Valley Union.
The Legislature Is still largely occupied
with matters of patronage. The advantage
of that is that while so engaged it cannot
be passing useless or vicious legislation.—
San Jose Herald.
If the bill introduced in the Legislature
the other day making slander # a misde
meanor should happen to pass, ladles'
"pink teas" will take on a blue look. —
Marysvllle Appeal.
An extra*, session of the Legislature Is
talked of. What have we done that this
affliction should be visited upon us.—Te
hachapi Tomahawk.
The problem of patronage is a serious
one to the members of the Legislature. If
the taxpayers thoroughly understood the
pressure brought to bear upon them by
persistent friends who are looking for a
maximum salary for a minimum service
they would npt be subjected to such mer
ciless criticism.— Woodland Democrat.
The recesses of the Legislature are quite
frequent and llheral in lensth. Sunday is
the pivotal time. The closed season is gen
erally from Friday noon to Monday, but
the open season ia not characterized by a
copious output of finished laws. In fact,
it 1b remarked by lawmakers themselves
that the session Is unusually innocuous.
The witty an.l late George D. Prentice
once, said that .tbere._wexe. two periods
when Congress didn't do much that was
worth while. One was before the holiday
recess and the other after. May this br
said of California's Legislature?— Alameda
Argus.
The manner In which the Legislature
has been employing Its time is summed
up by Webber of Napa, who said Friday
that "they had been in session for two
weeks and had accomplished practically
nothing more than the appointment of
many House officials, whose worth was
demonstrated by the fact that a commit
tee was required to find them." — San Ber
nardino Times-Index.
Just a trifle over two hundred bills were
introduced In the Assembly on the first
occasion. There were bills amending
everything. Men who don't know a code
from a ham were well in front introducing
amendments of which they neither knew
the value nor cared.— Jacksonville Repub
lican.
the Senate have it up their sleeves to
knife everything In sight which does not
comport with their mode of legislating for
the dear people. — Oakdale Leader.
STATE PRESS COMMENT
ON LEGISLATIVE DOINGS
SATURDAY JANUARY 26. 1901
(OHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
ACtittM All CcBBBBintieni to W. B. LEAKE. Ktctger.
•r%XA<:rcR*« offick T TlTI!l!?ZUL^S^^-^^-
I'LULICATIOX OFFICK... MnrUet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
nniTORIAL ROOM!* 2*7 «o 22t Stevenson 9t.
Telephone Pre«» 202.
n»-ItT<-r«-<" ».- mrrtrT". Iff OTit« Per \Teelc.
51np1e Copied. B Cent".
Tertn* l»r Mnll. Inclndlnc Po«tn«rrt
r>ATT.T CALf, rtncludtrr Fnnrt«y>. *B* y*ar ** M
T»ATVT CALL rinc]u<J'.rr Fun««T). • raonth« *.•"
I>AII.T PALL <1nrJnainr 6ond«y>. S month* J- s '
DAILY CALL— Dy Single Mcntb •*"
FCNDAT CALL. One T>ar 1 - 5 "
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1 - 90
All poitnisifrr" fire wTif Tiorixeu to reeelve
snt»«erlpl!on".
Eac:pl» cet:!e» *M *>• forwarded Th»a r*tjn«ted. •
V«J1 r;SrfM»»»» 1« rH>^rr «-ti«nr» it !•<«*.••«• «h-mlfl »>•
nrtirultr to rl»« both NEW ACT OLD ADDHrPS In ori»r
10 :r.«ure a jretept «rJ correct ecmrllanc* with tfcelr requef-
UAKLAM) OFFICE 1118 BrondTrny
c. cnoitGE Knocsnss.
ritertr rcrt'ga iinrtisiog. X»n;nett» BcUdlng. Oiieajj,
iLcri DJctance T»r>hnn« •'Central SiiS.")
KT.VC YORK COKRESPOXDKKT:
C. C. CARL.TOX.... Herald Sfjnare
NTTTV TORK REPRESKNTATTYTT:
ITEPHEX U. SMITH 3u Tribune Bnildlns
NEW TORK NETVS RTAN'DS:
w»:ee«-f-Arton% Hctel: A. Brcctano, n Uclca &ju*r«:
ilcrray Hill HotsfL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
Fb*nr»a Hccse: P. O. News Co.: Great North era Hotel;
rrnccct House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINOTOV (li. C> OFFICK. 14On fl «*.. W. "W.
UOIITOX B. CRAMS. Correspondent.
ItRAVCIt OFFirF.? ET7 MontpoTniTj-. fwv if finr. ©t>*"»
rnt!I t:S9 o'clock. SCO Hayes. op»n until »:S9 o"do*lc. tXt
McAllister. cr*n vrt!l *:S0 o'clock. €15 Larkis. <r*n un'.ll
»:rc o'clock. :Wl MlfE'.cn. cpen until 13 o'elcck. KG1 Mark*!.
remer T:xt<»ecth. cp*n until t o'clock. 109S Valecrla. cp»n
crtll » c'clock. 1M Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NAV. cor
t-er Tirer.tT-ieccr.d and Kentucky, cpeo until » o'clock.
Selfish Senators.
The United States Senate has passed a
resolution prohibiting the exoort of In
toxicating liquors to uncivilized countries.
There has Ions been an impression in the
Senate that our stock of liquors is needed
for home consumption.— Louisville Cour
ier-Journal.
Sis Name Is 51 u del.
Congressman Mudd of the Fifth Mary
land District is said to be the champion.
Job-catcher of Congress. His district par
tially surrounds the District of Columbia
and his constituents soend a cood share
of their tlm* hunting jobs. He is said to
have 200 of them in the Government Print
ing Office. 100 on the city railway of
Washington and 800 on the proving
grounds at Indian Head. Mr. MudiT*
name may be mud. but it isn't Dennis.—
1 Sioux Citv Tribune.
I American Hog Revenged.
Believers in fair play will be gratified
,to learn that Germany's activity In ex
'cluding American meats has not been
without a penalty. It happens that a cer
tain portion of the Kaiser's empire is aiso
an exporter of pork iir.ri that Russia is a
good market. Now, the Russians, with
a desire to promote hop raising in their
own country, have prohibited the im
portation of German meats. And it is in
teresting to note that the excuse for the
ban Is the same as that given by German
discriminators against the American hos,
to wit, trichina. — Kansas City ,XVorld.
God Helps Them .
Now that John H. Lizfct tfas been elect
ed Speaker bf the House of Representa
tives at Hartford, it is natural to suppo^*
that somebody with a liking for fantastic
analogies will recall tl.e famous dark day
of 1780 when Abraham Davenport gavo
his good advice to "the lawgivers of Con
necticut, trembling beneath their legis
lative robes." The Assembly, it will he
remembered, was about to adjourn be
cause of the preternatural darkness, but
Davenxwrt said:
"Let God do his work: we will see to
ours.
"Bring In the candles."— Providence
Journal.
Beciprocity in Peril.
In the attitude of the Senate toward
certain measures demanding its attention
there is grave danger to the continual
increase of our exports. Commissioner
Kasson, with great care and skill. '.ia*
negotiated twelve or fourteen reciprocity
treaties by which we would obtain In for
eign markets advantages of almost Incal
culable value to our great agricultural ami
manufacturing industr.es. Yet not one of
these treaties has been ratified, though
some of them have be.m waiting the Sen
ate's pleasure for nearly two years. The
reason for thl3 delav ia that certain in
fluential Senators seem unable to take
broad views of the country's interests.
They oppose ratification on the ground
that local interests n»ay be hurt.— Inter
Ocean. |
Rights of Ex-Presidents.
General Harrison expressed the opinion
some time ago that there were" three
things which could be done to ex-Presi
dents — consign them to the crypt. "glve>
them the ax." or let them enjoy the right
to discuss public affairs. As it is incon
venient, under existing regulations, to de
capitate the man with ideas merely btf
cause he happens to be an ex-President,
or to bury him alive, the other alterna
tive has been adopted. Both General Har
rison and Mr. Cleveland have, after a
rather prolonged interval of quiescence,
freely availed themselves of this prlvJ-
J££ e ' J h e. Inalienable riaht of freemen.
The right, however, 'n these, as In all
cases, is granted cum onere— that i3 to
say, subject to the corresponding privi
lege of other freemen to exprcs-* osposlnjr
views.— Baltimore American.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
ORIENTAL FIGHTS.
THE CALL has disclosed a condition of affairs in joint overland and Oriental
freight charges that arouses the keenest apprehension of all men who cherish the in
terests of San Francisco.
It is bad enough to see a steamer clear for Oriental ports loaded full of Eastern
merchandise while 'San Francisco* freight is left on the dock, and our merchants are com
pelled to wire customers in Japan and China that they are unable to fill orders, because
they cannot ship the goods. But time might remedy that condition. Shipping facilities
might be chartered, and though some orders might be lost, the trade could be recovered
by securing certainty of transportation.
But, unfortunately, the trouble is not of that avoidable character. It is not only a
question of transportation facilities, but of freight charges, and the latter branch of it, is
capable, alone, of destroying San Francisco's Oriental trade.
The process of making this city a way station on the road to the East has begun
by the institution of a through rate, including car haul and ship haul, from mid-con
tinental and Atlantic points. The land and water transportation being treated as one
haul, and that haul affected by the competition of the Suez Canal, San Francisco is side>
tracked.
A glance at the schedule discloses the destructive situation. The rate on canned
goods from all Eastern- points to San Francisco is $i per ioo pounds; but the rate on the
same goods from all Eastern points to the Orient is, by the same schedule, only 90
cents! As the water rate on canned goods from San Francisco is 40 cents, our joint rate
to the Orient is $1 40, as against 90 cents enjoyed by New York and other Eastern points.
Of course that advantage of 50 cents per 100 against San Francisco shuts us out of the
market.
The rate on alcohol from Eastern points to San Francisco is 85 cents. From the
same points to the Orient it is 80 cents. Liquors to San Francisco from New York and
the East pay $1 15, and from the. same points through San Francisco to the Orient
they pay only 80 cents. •
The same disadvantage to San Francisco runs through the entire schedule, apply
ing to agricultural implements, machinery, manufactures of metal, fabrics and the whole
list of merchandise that finds a market in the Orient. New York, Chicago, St. Louis and
all Eastern points reach the Orient cheaper than San Francisco can. We are deprived
of the natural advantage of our geographical position, and the ocean that\washes our
coast is of no benefit to us. The Oriental market is closed to our jobbers and manufac
turers, and we are left to stew in our own juice.
The situation is serious; it is startling, and a remedy must be sought immediately.
One reflection that it induces is, that this is one result of the ownership of transcon
tinental lines in New York. With the ending of our California railroad dynasty, and
the death of the last builder of the system that first connected us with the East, Califor
nia control of a transcontinental road ceased, and now every road that leads eastward
from this coast is under Eastern control, and that means the dominance of Chicago, St.
Louis and New York. This through rate to the Orient from those points is the first fruit
of the passing of the old order. It is a bitter fruit. It dissipates into thin air the great
dreams of the commercial supremacy of this city and of other coast points. The trade we
expected to control will pass over us like the wind, and leave no increment.
Our merchants should move speedily for a remedy. It may be found in the Inter
state Commerce Commission. ' That body- derives its existence from the fourth clause of
article I, section 8, of the Federal constitution, which reads: "Congress shall have power
to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and arffong the several States, and with the
Indian tribes."
When the act creating the commission was before Congress it was contended by
Senator Thomas F. Bayard of Delaware that that clause did not give Congress the power
to regulate freight rates on interstate commerce. The advocates of the law held other
wise and declared that such was the regulation intended by the constitution. Thereupon
Senator Bayard contended that in that case Congress derived from the same source the
power to regulate freight rates on foreign commerce, carried on by sea.
The Supreme Court,affirmed the constitutionality of the interstate commerce act,
and it seems to us at the same time affirmed public jurisdiction over ocean freight rates
on all commerce that enters and clears in an American port.
If this be true, the Oriental rate from New York and Eastern points is obnoxious
to the fourth clause of the interstate commerce law, which prohibits a' less gross charge to
a farther than a nearer point from the origin of the haul.
Pacific Coast points should immediately make a case before the Interstate Com
merce Commission, and if need carry it up to the Supreme Court on the issue of jurisdic
tion over ocean freigiits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901.
TEDDY THE TERROR
IN GRIZZLY GULCH
THEN. WITH A LOW. GURGLING LAUGH, TEDDY THE TERROR
FIRED HIS TRUSTY RIFLE.
THE SILVER BULLET SPED ON ITS DEADLY COURSE.
AND ALL THE WILD, FIERCE MONSTERS OF GRIZZLY GULCH
WERE LAID LOW UNDER HIS UNERRING AIM.
—St. Louis Republic.
• - *
6
oo eaco ••
©CO «•©«©€> OOO
e»©ee ©o«©eooo -coos
©©SCO 0088600099 OOOOO
ecoeeo eeaeaeeoeoo* eeeeoo
oef»e**»o e9O06c««ooeeoe ocese«t
anaaaoaaa oa®a&Qaft8c&AsaoGaa oaaoooooo
Qoooftwoafio 6>eaee>ftm?nft*ee>&AaaeoQ •oeoaaacoo
O i #
SUNDAY'S CAII I
© • _l 9
© ' «
eeoeeooooeoooeeoeooooooooooooooeoeooeoooftoo*
©oe® — — - — — _ ____ 0*0©
9Ce© 690d
SS|| CAREER OF "BONNY RILEY" SfSS
•OO (COUNTESS D'HENRIOT). SSS
OOO ; SSS
000 . •- .: ¦ >,¦*,-,' ; Soo
SS LOVE MILITANT. BMfcSWs. SS
S8 . , $•
S . PK07-ESS0R LE BEUN OF ANTWERP COMES TO •
• CALIFORNIA TO DISCOVER THE SECRET OF LIFE §
S THE ECCENTRICITIES OF GENIUS. I
S By MAJOR J. B POND. ©
§ "MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS" tad * g
© -TH3 WIDOW MAGOOGIN TALKS." o
¦ o • &
S SOME GHOSTS I H<\VE SEEN. S
J By HUGH GRANT. " • •
O ¦ T S
Aft ' ~_
§3 PECKS EAD BOY, AND THE GROCERYMAN %%
2®' PAY A VISIT TO CHINATOWN. OO /
SSS HOW TO A S20 CORSET FOR $2.50. HI
000 . . . 000
O9QO I" •.¦"«¦¦ • . ftflao
22££ AND MANY ST0E I=S CF GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. O©*2>
»»o© a — — — 3133
£0000080000060000009800000000000000000000000
8 I THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL 8
S 1 >— — J |
eee9eeooooooooooooooooooooec900oo«oooooooooo
Tirol!— "The Fenc'.r.r Master."
Central Theater— "Darkest Russia."
California— "Reeky Sharp."
OrrlK'um — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-boose — "Tti^ Moth an3 the Flame."
Alhambra— "The Htar Boarder."
Alcazar— "£xvm Laver.fier."
Columbia- "Way J>T»-n East."
OlympSa, corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
Chutee. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
rischfr'p— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan T«»rn pie — lecture by Rev. Peter C. Ycrke.
Thursday evenlne, February 7.
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.
AUUSEMEKTS.tow. fcr San Francisco, from Nehale.
Nov IS. lat 4 02 S. Ion 30 03 W-Br barK
Beechdale. from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
MISCELLANEOUS.
EUREKA. Jen IJ— Tug Ranger spoke oft bar
Jan 20 boat from feallng schr Umbrla of Vic
toria. Reported all well, and vessel had 8
sealskin!! to that Umf.
Per schr Mary Unhne — On. Jan 24. 23 miles
west of Fish Rock. John Weller. acred 22
years, n native of Prussia, was washed over-
Ujtilfj and drowned.
VICTORIA. Jan 2J— A dispatch from Car
manah Point says a boat's rudder was found
four miles east of here with four letters.
MACE and three crosses under letters, not
ualnted. but cut In wood. Rudder had been
painted brown at the top part. There Is a part
cf a vesHel's hull ashore a mile east of here
which wtnis to have belonged to a small ves
sel. It Is new copper fastened.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnOS. Jan 25, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity ( miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 10—Stxnr Alameda,
for Sydney: schr Alice Cooke. for San Fran
cisco. Jan 12— Bktn Robert Sudden, for San
Francisco. Jan 16— Ship Wm H Macy, for
Port Townsend: ship John Currier, for Port
Townsend: bktn Irmsard. for San Francisco.
Jan 17— Stmr City of Peking, for Yokohama.
Jan IS — Nor stmr Thyra. for Manila. Jan 17 —
Stmr Chaa Nelson, for San Francisco. Jan 14
—Etmr Kllhu Thomson, for Seattle.
Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Alameda. hence Jan 4;
bktn Jane L Stanford, from Newcastle. NSW;
ptmr Kllli u Thomson, from Seattle; bktn Che
halls, from Newcastle, XSW. Jan 11— Schr
Hclene, hence Dec 21. Jan 12~Xor stmr Thyra.
from .Seattle; bktn Wrestler, hence Dec 18.
Jan 13— Bhip Emily F Whitney, hence Dec 2S;
etmr Chas Nelson, from Seattle; bktn Echo,
from Newcastle. NSW; schr Mary E Foster,
from Port Blakeley. Jan 14— Schr A M Bax
ter, from Seattle. Jan lS-Bark Mohican,
hence Dec 2S. Jan 16— Stmr City of Peklnt.
hence ; bark Gerard C Tobey, from Ta
comn. Jan 17— Stmr China, from Yokohama.
Jan ?— Ship S D Carlton, from Tacoma.
K A HULUI — Arrived Jan 10-rSchr H C
Wiirht. hence Dec 18. y
Off oort Jan 15— Schr Robert R Hind, from
Port Townsend.
Arrived Jan 10— Schr Honolpu. from New
castle. Aus.
Sailed Jan 11— Ship Antlope, for Oyster Har
bor.
KAAXAPALI— Arrived Jan 8— Bktn Wres
tler, hence Dec IS, and sailed Jan 9 for Hono
lulu.
HILO— Arrived Jan 8— Bark Santiago, hence
Dec 22. ••
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Newburg,
from Grays Harbor; schr Wm Rcnton, from
Whateom.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Dec "I.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Coquille
River, from Grays Harbor.
Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Luella, from Caspar.
Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Lakme. . for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 22. . Y,
S.illed Jan 23— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan 2t— Schr Monterey,
hence Jan 21. •. •
SISATTLR-Arrlved Jan 25— Ptmr Rainier,
from Port Townsend. Jan 24— Uktn Gardiner
City, fcenre J»n 15. '.
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr American, for Honolulu.
Jan 23— Stmr Farallon, for Skaguay; stmr Dol
phin, for Fkaruay.
Arrived Jan 25— Br stmr Athenian, from Ta
coma.
EI'RKKA— Hailed Jan 25— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived .Tan 23— Stmr Geo I/oo
mln, hence Jan 24, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Jan 2^-Shlp Dashing
Wave, hence Jan 17.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 23— Schr
Ida Schnauer. hence Jan .17. ".
Peescd in Jan 13 — Stmr Rainier, hence Jan
21, for Seattle.
PORT ANOELBS— Arrived Jan 23— Bark Guy
C Ooss. hence Jan 13.
VICTORIA— Pappcd up Jan 25— Stmr Mineola.
from Port Los Anrelen. for Nanaimo.
Passed out Jan 2' — Stmr San Mateo, from
Nanafmo, for Port Los Anceles.
Arrived Jan 25— Bark Undaunted, hence Jan
uary 17.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Ida
Schnnuer, hence Jan 17.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Jan 25, ot 11 a m-
Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Jan 73— Br stmr Port
Albert, for Seattle. Jan 22— Br ship Dlmsdale,
for Oregon. ' ¦ . -'
TOCOHILLA — Sailed Jan 23— Schr James
Rolph. for Victoria. i
FLUSHING— Passed Jan 23— Br ehlp John
Cooke. frcm Antwerp, for San FranclBco.
MANILA-Salled Jan 24— fitmr Indiana, for
San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Dec 22— Br ship County
of Dumfries, for Portland.
Sailed Jan Dec 24— Br ship Andromeda, for
Tacoma.
ACAPITLCO— Sailed Tun 22— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San FYnnetsco.
CALLAO— Sailed Jan 25— Ger stmr Totmcs,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Peruvian,
from Portland, Me.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Port Al
bert, from Manila, for Seattle. •-«,
MOVILLE— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Astoria, from
Glasirow, for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Ivernla, from
Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr New Eng
land, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Cymric,
fpr New York: stmr Corinthian, for Halifax.
MARSEII-LES— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Patrla.
from New York, via Naples.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort. Point, entrance to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority, of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes ; later than at Fort Point: the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Gold! Gold! Gold!
The latest El Dorado la reported to be on
Ncme City Beach, Alaska. Thousands of
jxople are hastening there, many of whom
return broken In health. Of what avail Is
Bcld when health la goner Guard your health
with the beat of all medicine*. Hoetetter'a
Flomach Bitten. It will regulate the bowels,
stir up the liver, invigorate the I kidneys and
absolutely cure Indigestion." constipation, ma
lcria, chills and fever. It's a good medicine
to keep on hand.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 25.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Greenwood, Flagcrlund. 6S hours from
Port I«os Aneeles.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. 64 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46% hojirs.
Stmr China, Seabury, 2S days from Hong
konc, via Yokohama 17 days 12 hours, via
Honolulu 6 days 12 hours 20 minutes.
Br stmr Argyll, Gllfoy, 50 hours from As
toria.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, S days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ilella, Smith, 4 days from Sluslaw
River.
Schr Louis, Genberg, 7 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr T/aura Madsen. Asclund, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary E Russ, Wikender, 60 hours t\om
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Friday, January . 25.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Dieg.>:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California. Jepsen. Victoria:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Nor Etmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. / 1
Br ship Osborne. Scott. London: Baifou*,
Guthrle & Co.
Br ship Sokoto. Crosby. Queenstown, O W
McNear.
SAILED.
Friday, January 25.
Stmr Sl(?nal. Bendegaard. Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Albion;
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Plmr Rival, Johnson. — ..
Btmr Whitesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Mackinaw. LI ttlefleld, Seattle.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen. ChemalnUB.
Bktn W H Dimond. Hansen. Honolulu.- ' *
RETURNED.
Friday. January K. '-.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevig. hence Jan 22,
for Eureka, on account of losing foresail. fly-
Ing Jib and Jib.
SPOKEN. 1 .
Per itmr W H Krutrer— Jan 23, 8 am, tue
Geo R V61sberg, with, barge C H Wheeler In
Shipping Intelligence.
A Cargo for I*ondon.
The British ship Osborne cleared yesterday
for London with the following cargo, valued
at $336,511: ;
39,043 cs canned fruit. 36,579 cs canned salmon
730 cs canned asparagus. 33 cs apsorted canned
goods, 22.E72 gals wine. 61B0 lbs fertilizer S c
sea shells, 6 cs catsup. 92.C34 lbs cascara ea-
Krada, 46,091 ctls barley, 4314 ctls. wheat, 2« 000
ft lumber dunnage.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Auldglrth loads wheat for Europe, 39s 6d,
prior to arrival; the Gardiner City, lumber at
Ballard for Guaymaa; the General Banning,
merchandise for Mexico; the J. C. Glnde wheat
for Europe. 41s 3d, prior to arrival; the John O
North, lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu'
the St. Katherlne, merchandise for Hllo; the S
C Allen, merchandise for Honolulu: the Tarn
O'Shanter, lumber at Grays Harbor for Manila
70s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Was Killed at Sea.
Mate Anderson of the schooner Sailor
Boy met with a tragic death while on the
way here from Grays Harbor. "While
handling the ship In the recent gale he
fell or was washed from the house, and
striking on hi* head, broke his neck.
The Pacific Mail Company's China ar
rived from the Orient yesterday with
eighty-four cabin passengers, fifty-three
second cabin passengers and 284 Chinese in
the steerage. Among those in the cabin
were A. E. Buck and, wife. Mr. Buck is
the United States Minister to Japan.
The China brings the news that the
Crown Prince of Japan will probably
visit the United States on the battleship
Shiklshlma during the year. He will
come to San Francisco and from here will
go to Europe.
China Gets In From Hongkong, Via
Japanese and Hawaiian Ports.
MAIL. STEAMER ARRIVES.
THE schooner Mary Buhne came
back to port yesterday In distress.
She left here for Eureka last Tues
day and as soon as she got out
side ran into a northwester. When
off Fish Rock the foresail was blown out
of the bolt ropes. Then an old-fashioned
nor'wester came down on the schooner.
The jib was blown to ribbons and when
the flying jib began to go Captain Danne
vig sent Joe Weaver, John Weller and H.
Anderson out to secure it. With the fly-
Ing jib gone there would Rave been noth
ing left to keep the vessel's head to the
sea and she would probably have
broached to and capsized.
As it was matters were bad enough and
the Mary Buhne had to turn tail and run
for San Francisco. While the schooner
was pitching: into the head sea and the
men were hard at work on the flying Jib
a giant sea came alont? and swept the
three sailors from the foot rope. Ander
son succeeded In holding on to a gasket,
while Weaver caught a chainplate. John
Weller. however, was washed away and
was not seen again. Anderson was not
badly injured, but Weaver had his ribs
broken and was one mass of contusions
from head to foot. He was attended by
Dr. Frank Robinson as soon as tho
schooner came to an anchorage and will
recover.
The Mary Buhne will be overhauled and
make another start far Humboldt.
¦ NOTE— In the - above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given in the left
Ketail Drug Clerks.
The retail drug, clerks held a meeting
Thursday evening and organized at Pyth
ian Castle. The first business transacted
was to affiliate with the Retail Clerks' As
sociation. During th.e evening the clerka
were addressed by J. D. Pierce of the
American Federation of Labor and Ed
ward . Rosenberg of the San . Francisco
Labor Council. The next meeting will
be held on Friday next at the same place
at 11 p. m. The following temporary of
ficers were elected: President, N.
Schwartz; press committee— F. H: Gay
and George Girard: ¦
CHEN HOOT KEE RELEASED.— Chen Hoot
Kee, fruit dealer, 718 Jackson street, who waj
arrt»ted on suspicion of having murdered Hong
Ah Wins at 26 Sullivan alley last Wednesday,
was released yesterday. After making .an In'
vestlgatlon the police reached the conclusion
that Chen had nothing to do personally with
the : murder. .?. The murderer > will : probably e«
copo detection.
No extra charge is ' made for . rtdlng on the
California Limited of the Santa F«, although
the superiority of the service la really worth
something more. .'- • v' ISSilS •
California Limited.
legations.
¦ Captain C. Percy Smith, -formerly man
ager'of the Palace Hote!, arrived here on
the steamer China yesterday after several
years' - absence in the Orient. Captain
Smith figured quite prominently in tha
recent Boxer uprising: in fact, he has
been heralded as one of the heroes of the
defense of the legations at Peking.
Years ago the captain was an officer In
the English army. When the trouble in
China began he was at Mongolia, where
he was recommlssloned and was placed in
charge of a detachment of British Raval
Marines. It was Captain Smith who took
command of the troops at the Peking wall
when Captain Myers of the American ds
tachment fell. Smith says he never met
a pluckier lot of fellows than were the
United States marines, who had th*
toughest place in the fighting line, but
who held their position for fourteen days
like Trojans.
Captain Smith was kicked by a horse
while, in China and he has suffered consid
erably from blood poisoning ever sinco.
After spending a 'week or two here ha
will go to his home in Kngland.
CAPTAIN SMITH ARRIVES
HOME FROM THE ORIENT
Former San Franciscan Took an Ac
tive Part in Defense of the
Time Ball.
Branch Hyfirographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' . Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 25, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there aro but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
aro In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast 8urvey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number 'given la subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
13 the mean of the lower low waters.
At- first thought it might seem that
Hawthorne was no humorist As ono
reads the somber pages of "The Scarlet
Letter." with their level gloom, their in
tensity, their minute study of a great sin;
or as one opens here and there among
the short Btorles. with their cold allegory,
their welrdness and mysticism, one might
say surely there is no humor in this great,
melancholy, almost morbid genius. Such
a conclusion, however, comes only from a
superficial reading of Hawthorne. Humor,
veiled and sly. Is found everywhere In his
pages. Even in ."The Scarlet Letter,"
the most unrelieved of all his pictures of
sin and its results, there Is humor, even
comedy." Says Anthony Trollope:
"Through all this intensity of suffering*,
through this blackness of narrative, there
is ever running a vein of drollery. Aa
Hawthorne himself says. *a lively sense
of the humorous again stole in among the
solemn • phantoms- of her (Hester's)
Holmes is beyond doubt the greatest of
American wits; Lowell Is his only rival.
Others have equaled and even surpassed
him In parts of the field— Saxe, for * In
stance, surpassed him as a master of
comic rhyme and of telling puns: but none
covered 30 wide an area of brilliancy as
he. As a humorist he is equaled only, by
Lowell, and surpassed, perhaps, only by
Irving. Combining all or hla powers— wit,
humor, satire, comedy— he doubtless has
no - master In American literature.
His influence Is stamped not only upon
the literature:, but also upon the char
acter of the age.' In the words of John
W-. Chadwlck: "It does not appear. that
any one else did so much as Dr. Holmes
to change the social temper of New Eng
land; to make it less harsh and joyless,
and to make easier for his fellow country
men the .transition from old things -to
new." '.- x*-~
I never laughed at my landlady after she had
told me her story, but I often cried— not those
pattering tears that run off the eaves upon our
neighbors' yards, the stllUcldlum of self-con
scious sentiment, but those which steal noise
lessly through their conduits until they reach
the cisterns lying round about the heart; those
tears that we weep Inwardly with unchanging
features— such did I shed for her often when
the Imps of the boarding-house Inferno tugged
at her soul with their redhot pinchers.
Holmes' humor is usually at its best in
his poems. In his early work lt«was often
broad and sometimes farcical, such
poems as "Evening, by a Tailor." "The
Dorchester Giant," "The Comet." "The
September Gale," "The Ballad of the Oy
sterman" and "The Height of the Ridicu
lous" are full of unrestrained fun, of bur
lesque and of parody. His fun is at its
best in such well-known humorous clas
sics as "The Deacon's Masterpiece." "How
the Old Horse Won the Bet" and "The
Broomstick Train."
Of pathos Holmes had a true mastery.
He is never mawkish and oversentlmental.
like Dickens; he is never morbid and in
trospective. He combined healthful pa
thos with his wit in such a way as to
produce humor of the truest type. The
exquisite tenderness and yet the droll
touches of "The Last Leaf" have rarely
been surpassed, even by Hood. The "Auto
crat" series Is full of humor in its truest
form— of human life. Its foibles and fol
lies handled with sympathy and intuition.
How admirably are the ludicrous charac
teristics of the little deformed man. "the
sculpin," tempered and swallowed up In a
gradual outpouring of tenderness and true
pathos. Says Stedman: "The poet of 'The
Last Leaf was among the flrs$ to teach
his countrymen that pathos Is an equal of
true humor, that sorrow is lightened by
jest and jest redeemed from coarseness
by emotion, under most conditions of this,
our evanescent human life."
• When a young female years a flat, circular
side curl gummed on each temple; when she
walks with a man. not arm in arm, but his
arm against the back of her's. and when she
says "yes" with the note of Interrogation, you
are genecojly safe in asking her what wages
she gets and who the "feller" was you saw her
with.
"What were you whispering?" said the
daughter of the house, moistening her lips as
she spoke. In a very engaging manner.
"I was only laying down a principle of social
diagnosis."
"Yes?"
I never thought he would come to good
when I heard him attempting to sneer at an
unoffending city so respectable as Boston. Af
ter a man begins to attack the State House:
when he gets bitter about the frog pond, you
may be sure there Is not much left of him.
Poor Edgar Poe died In the hospital soon after
he got Into this way of talking, and so sure as
you find an unfortunate fellow reduced to this
raps you had better begin praying for him and
stop lending him money, for he Is on his last
legs.
Boston State House Is the hub of the solar
system. You couldn't pry that out of a- Boston
man If you had the tire of all creation straight
ened out for — crowbar.
One can open "The Autocrat of the
Breakfast Table" or the other "Autocrat"
books, almost anywhere and be sure of
alighting on something richly worth quot
ing:
An American female constitution, which col
lapses Just In the middle third of life, and
copies out vulcanized India rubber if it happens
to live through the period when health and
strength are most wanted.
How many people live on the reputation of
the reputation they might have madet
Kvery real thought on every real subject
knocks the wind out of somebody or other.
Sin has many tools, but a He is the handle
that fits them all.
The axis of the earth sticks out visibly
through the center of each and every town and
city.
The race that shortens its weapons lengthens
its boundaries.
I should have felt more nervous about the
late comet if I had thought the world was ripe.
Do you mean to say the pun question Is not
clearly settled in your minds? Let me lay
down the law upon the subject. Life and lan
guage are alike sacred. Homicide and verblcide
—that is, violent treatment of a word, with
fatal results to Its legitimate meaning, which is
Its life — are alike forbidden. Manslaughter,
which is the meaning of the one, is the same
as man's laughter, which is the end of the
other.
His epigrams are brilliant and full of
practical wisdom:
He speaks of "the Mar.iulay flowers of litera
ture." He suggested that .the new magazine
founded In 1857 be called the Atlantic, because
it's a notion. He maintained that evening dren
was the close of the day. Inquired once . what
was the cosine of Noah's ark. and believed
that an onion was like a piano, because it
amell odious.
Holmes' mind was as ready and as elec
tric as Sydney Smith's. He could never
be surprised or worsted In retort. Even
his puns are flashes of genius:
His "Autocrat" papers are an encyclo
pedia of epigram, puns, proverbs, wisdom
and brilliant observations on every topic
under the sun. They are more than this—
they are full of pathos, of sentiment, of
rare characterization, of poetry and of
pictures as sharp in outline and as firm in
execution as Flemish paintings. It would
be easy to nil a book with the wit and
wisdom of Holmes, another with his puns
and repartee, another with comic touches
and broad fun and still another with
pathos and true humor. Indeed, take
these elements from his books, and how
much would remain?
Holmes stands pre-eminent as the
greatest of American wits; he is the Syd
ney Smith of our literature. As Lowell
declared in 1848, he
"is famous among you for wit —
A Ley den Jar always full charged, from which
flit
Electrical tangles of hit after hit.
"When we turn to that somewhat small
group of authors who produced what may
fairly be called the American classics we
find on the whole a surprisingly small
amount of wit and even of humor. The
great creative' period was the result of a
mental ard moral revolution, and an in
tense earnestness, almost a solemnity,
that marks a great part of its literary
product. Bryant is cold, classical and per
fect; Emerson is, first of all, a thinker
and a reformer; Longfellow Is lull of
sympathy and humanity, but he is never
really humorous; Whlttier, with his burn-
Ing message and his loving studies of New
England life. Is a humorist only as every
great, sympathetic, original observer ot
human life is such; Thoreau often chuck
les to himself as he walks through pasture
and wcod, but his books are not reprinted
because of their humor. Aside from Irv
ing, who really belonged to an earlier age,
the real humorists of the group were
Holmes, Lowell, Hawthorne and Mrs.
Stowe.
xv. «
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
thought." He is always laughinjr at some
thing, with his weird, mocking spirit.
• «• • Through it a!l there i3 a touch of
burlesque, not as to the suffering of the
sufferers, but as to the great question
whether it signifies much in what way we
suffer — whether by crushing sorrows or by
little things."
His Is not the humor that slaps its knee
and roars; it 19 not the humor which. In
the words of Vedder, "first gives one a
pain In the aide and then that tired feel
ing. ' It Is, says. Julian Hawthorne, "not
facetlousness or buffoonery— a forced or
Imported brilliance— but innate humor.
that plays about the subject like the
lambent flumes of Incandescent coal."
His humor often takes the form of a
playful irony:
On this particular forenoon, so excessive was
the warmth of Judge Pyncheon's kindly as
pect, that (such at least was the rumor about
town) an extra passage of the water carts
was founil essential in order to lay the dust
occasioned by bo much extra sunshine.
Very often the romancer pauses to
sport slyly with some grotesque character
or object— Hepzlbah, or the cuatom-houso
Inspector: •-<?*?«
One point in which he had vastly the advan
tage over his four-footed brethren was his
ability tr> recollect the good dinners which It
had made no small portion of the happiness of
his life to eat. His gourmand ism was a highly
agreeable trait, and to hear him talk of roa.it
meat was as appetizing as a pickle or an
oyster. As he possessed no higher tribute, and
neither sacrificed nor vitiated any spiritual
endowment by devoting all his «nertft3 and
ingenuities to subserve the delight and profit
of his maw. it always pleased and satisfied
me to hear him expatiate on fish, poultry and
butcher's meat, and the most eligible methods
of preparing them for the table. • • • There
were flavors on his palate that had linger*!
there not less than sixty or seventy years and
were still 'apparently as fresh as that of the
mutton chop which he had Just devoured for
breakfast. I have heard him smack his lips
over dinnert every truest at which except him
self had long been food for worms. • • • A
tenderloin of beef, a hindquarter of veal, a
spare-rib of pork, a particular chicken or a,
remarkably praiseworthy turkey which had
perhaps adorned his board in the days of the
elder Adams would be remembered, while all
the subsequent experience of our race, and all
the events that brightened or darkened his
Individual career, had gone over him with as
little permanent • effect as the passing breese.
The chief tragic event of the old man's life,
so far as I could Judge, was his mishap with
a certain jcoose, which lived and died s»ma
twenty or forty years ago; a goose of most
promising* figure, but which at table proved
so inveterately tough that the carving knife
trould make no impression on Us carcass, and
it could only be divided with an ax and hand
saw.
Mrs. Stowe, like her brother. Henry
Ward Beecher. had a rich vein or humor.
It crops out here and there In "Uncle
Tom's Cabin." Topsy is genuinely hu
morous, and so is Mis' Ophelia, with her
New England ideals and her contempt for
Southern "shiftle33ness." But It is in her
later work, ber minute and loving studies
of the New England life that she knew
so well, that she is at her best. "Old
town Folks" and "The Minister's "Woo
ing" are most delightful reading. Sam
Lawson is one of the few American hu
morous creations that are worthy of a
place beside Ichabod Crane and Hoaea
Biglow. He is drawn from the life with
accuracy and sympathy: he seems like
one whom we have seen and known:
He was a soft-hearted old body, and the wrlg
gUngs and contortions of our prey used to dis
turb his repose so that it was a regular part of
his work to kill the fish by the breaking of
their necks when he took them from the hook.
"My. lordy massy, boys," he would say, "I
can't bear to see no kind o' critter in torment.
These 'ere pouts ain't to blame for beln' fish,
and ye ought to put 'em out of their misery.
Fish hes their rights as well as any of
us." • • •
I shall never forget the wrath and dismay
which he roused in my Aunt Lots' mind by the
leisurely way in which, after having taken our
own venerable kitchen clock to pieces, and
strewn the fragments all over the kitchen, he
would roost over It in endless incubation, tell
ing stories, entering into long-winded theologi
cal discussions, smoking pipes and giving his
terles of all the other clocks in Oldtown. with
occasional memories of those in Medmore, the
North Parish and Podank. as placidly Indiffer
ent to all her volleys of sarcasm and contempt.
her stinging expostulations and philippics, as
the sailing old moon is to the frisky,' animated
barking of some puppy dog of earth.
"Why, ye see. Miss Lois." he would say,
"clocks can't be druv: that's Jest what they
can't. Some things can be druv. and then again
some things can't, and clocks is that kind.
* * * Don' t you be a grain uneasy. Miss Lois.
Why. I'll have your clock all right in the end.
but I can't be druv. Wall. I guess I'll take
another spell on't to-morrow or Friday."
Many of the lesser writers of the pe
riod were true humorists. J. T. Trow
brldge, in his novels like "Coupon Bonds"
and in a few genuine lyrics like "The Vag
abonds," has created humor of real value;
and Edward Everett Hale, especially in
his earlier short stories like ''My Dou
ble, and How He Undid Me." has pro
duced a priceless store of rollicking, con
tagious fun, always kindly and always
optimistic.
Of the younger group of classic writers
Howells with his merry farces and Aid
rich with his brilliant and witty short
stories may be regarded as the leading
humorists. Such merry parlor comedies
as Howells* "Mouse Trap," "The Albany-
Depot" and "The Elevator" are among
the best things of their kind to be founa
anywhere. They fairly sparkle with wit
and word play, and their revelations of
the weak sides of human nature, together
with their comic situations and ludicrous
Incidents, make them Irresistibly amus
ing. It Is impossible to do Justice to them
by short quotations.
The most humorous work of Aldrtch is
undoubtedly his "Marjorle Daw," a crea
ticn that has taken a secure place among
the few really great American short stor
ies. Exquisite finish and perfect art char
acterize every creation from the hand of
this master workman. His humor con
sists In brilliant dialogue. In unexpected
effects led up to with rare skill, and in
droll characterizations and irresistible sit
uations. Wit and brilliant epigram are
everywhere in his prose writings: even
bis works of travel are humorous crea
tions.
These are but the representative humor
ist? of the great creative period. A whole
scries of papers would be required to
touch upon all who created really humor
ous work during the middle years of the
century. We can deal only with the mas
ters, with those truly original spirits who
added rev? elements to our national hu
mor or who found new combinations for
old forms and thus Influenced widely their
times and their descendants.
FRED LEWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
' The happiest «'.ay a man lives Is the day
be dies, yet we are all content to postpone
happiness.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Humor of English and American Litera
ture—Holmes and His
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901.
Schooner Mary Buhne Is Caught in a Northwester and
Captain Dannevig Is Compelled to, Put Back to
This Port in Distress.
THREE MEN ARE WASHED FROM
JIBBOOM AND ONE IS DROWNED
SCHOONER MARY BUHNE. WHICH PUT BACK TO PORT IN DISTRESS YESTERDAY. SHE WAS CAUGHT IN A
NORTHWESTER. CAPTAIN DANNEVIG SAYS NO ONE KNOWS WHAT WEATHER TO EXPECT OUTSIDE
7
Sun i
Sun i
Moon
lses...
lets :
sets .
...7:19
5:26
:...O:0O a. m.
a
!7 ...
iTlme,
H W
3:50
4:38
6:87
L W
0:00
1:10
2:11
3:10
Time
Ft.
L W
5.6 10:17
6.7 11:31
S.9 12:44
H W
J.7 6:31
2.9 7:31
1.9 S:31
,2.8 9:25
Ft.
1.0
0.7
0.3
ITImel
H W
4:39
6 -.03
7:34
L W
1:4S
2:45
3:37
4:20
Ft.
4.2
3.9
4.0
Time '
— Ft
L W
9:59 1.9
10:56 2.3
ii'Vv
8:49 4.1
-9:48 4.5
10:37 4.7
: 11:20 6.0
tS ...
S ...
10 ...
6:0
6.1
6.2
e.i
—0.1
—0.4
—0.8
-0.7
1 ...
ne:
•or
uo.
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 28
Seeostris Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 26
Tltania Nanalmo Jan. 27
Walla Walla... Pugret Sound Ports Jan. 27
Queen San Diego Jan. 27
lionlta..... Newport ;Jan. 27
San Pedro Humboldt •.. Jan. 27
Victoria Oyster Harbor Jan. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 2i
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 2S
Washtenaw Tacoma Jan. 25
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan. 2S
Progreso Tacoma Jan. is
Argo Coqullle River Jan. 29
Mandalay Coqullle River Jan. 29
Eureka Humboldt.*;;." ;..;..'. Jan. 23
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 30
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Jan. 3)
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan. 30
Corona Newport Jan. Su
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 31
Santa Rcsa San Diego Jan. 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan 3X
Carlisle City China via San Diego. Jan. 31
Umatllla Puget Sound Port* Feb 1
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails. I Pier.
Jmiunry 20.
Fulton Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 20
Xorth Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Despatch Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 20
Jimiutry 27,
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Jnniyiry 28.
?, an ; a V arbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
%\ . H. Krugei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. \\ . Elder.. Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
! .luiiuary 2O.
N - Y - vla Panama 2 pm Pier 34
"" n ' a - Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
„ January SH>.
9"^"- Sa " DIpko 9 am Pier 11
Aroa 'a- Cooa Bay 12 m Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
•hmiinry .'tl .
Walla Walla. PuKrt Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 20
Fclrrnary 1.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Mandalay Coqullle River Pier 2
Sun i
Sun i
Moon
lses...
lets :
sets .
...7:19
5:26
:...O:0O a. m.
a
!7 ...
iTlme,
H W
3:50
4:38
6:87
L W
0:00
1:10
2:11
3:10
Time
Ft.
L W
5.6 10:17
6.7 11:31
S.9 12:44
H W
J.7 6:31
2.9 7:31
1.9 S:31
,2.8 9:25
Ft.
1.0
0.7
0.3
ITImel
H W
4:39
6 -.03
7:34
L W
1:4S
2:45
3:37
4:20
Ft.
4.2
3.9
4.0
Time '
— Ft
L W
9:59 1.9
10:56 2.3
ii'Vv
8:49 4.1
-9:48 4.5
10:37 4.7
: 11:20 6.0
tS ...
S ...
10 ...
6:0
6.1
6.2
e.i
—0.1
—0.4
—0.8
-0.7
1 ...
ne:
•or
uo.
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 28
Seeostris Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 26
Tltania Nanalmo Jan. 27
Walla Walla... Pugret Sound Ports Jan. 27
Queen San Diego Jan. 27
lionlta..... Newport ;Jan. 27
San Pedro Humboldt •.. Jan. 27
Victoria Oyster Harbor Jan. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 2i
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 2S
Washtenaw Tacoma Jan. 25
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan. 2S
Progreso Tacoma Jan. is
Argo Coqullle River Jan. 29
Mandalay Coqullle River Jan. 29
Eureka Humboldt.*;;." ;..;..'. Jan. 23
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 30
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Jan. 3)
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan. 30
Corona Newport Jan. Su
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 31
Santa Rcsa San Diego Jan. 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan 3X
Carlisle City China via San Diego. Jan. 31
Umatllla Puget Sound Port* Feb 1
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails. I Pier.
Jmiunry 20.
Fulton Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 20
Xorth Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Despatch Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 20
Jimiutry 27,
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Jnniyiry 28.
?, an ; a V arbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
%\ . H. Krugei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. \\ . Elder.. Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
! .luiiuary 2O.
N - Y - vla Panama 2 pm Pier 34
"" n ' a - Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
„ January SH>.
9"^"- Sa " DIpko 9 am Pier 11
Aroa 'a- Cooa Bay 12 m Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
•hmiinry .'tl .
Walla Walla. PuKrt Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 20
Fclrrnary 1.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Mandalay Coqullle River Pier 2
AMUSEMENTS.
1
Matinee To-Ba? at 2 p.m sharp
MRS. FISKE
In the Play, In Four Acts.
BECKY SHARP.
CFounfied on Thackeraj's "Vanity Fair.")
Beat* Now cn Eale for the Fcccnd Week.
Curtain at ? p. m. eharp. Carriage* at 11 p. m.
MATINEE TO-PAT. FATrRPAT. JAX. 26.
Parquet. I5e, ar.y f^at: nalcor.y. 10c; Children,
lC>c, any part except meii'td.
A HEW BILL AKD THE BEST EVER.
MONTMARTKOIS TRIO. HACKER AND
LESTER. WARREN AND BLAXCHARD.
SWIGETTTE AND CLARK. SCHUMANN
LADIES' Qt'ARTET. EUGENE O'HOURKE
AND COMPANY. EILLY LINK. THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH AND
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS
vULbU§v!I3IH leading theatre
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY—
LAST TIMES
M1TISEE "WAY
T0-3AT! DOWN
EAST."
NEXT MONDAY-
LOUIS JAMES KATHRYN KIDDER
In a Munificent Production cf
"A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM."
GREAT COMEDY AND MTSICAL HIT.
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at I.
By th« Authors of "Robin Hood."
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 60 cents
Telephone— Bu«th 8.
QRANC 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW!
LAST TWO XIGHTS.
HERBERT KELCET and EFFIE SHAN-
NON'S GREAT SUCCESS.
THE MOTH AND THE FLAME
PRICES— I0c. 15c. 25c. EOc.
A few front row* In orchestra 75c. Good re-
¦erved eeat la orchestra at all matinees 35c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
15ONIVA.Y— CHARLES ERIN VERNER. the
Greatest Irish Omwlian of the Day.
!n "ARRAH NA-POGUE."
fLVH EAT R £>\\
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The New York and London Success.
SWEET LAVENDER
X»BETTT GOWNS— NEW SCENERT.
SEATS— IBc. £e, SSc, SOc
SEATS NOW SELLING.
NEXT WEEK-
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL— THIS AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE
PERFORMERS'
MATINEE.
TO-NICHTI
Big Cakewalk !
Telephone for Scats. Park a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETING.
Monday, January 21. to Saturday, February
I, Inclusive.
SIX OR MORE KACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Elx etak* Events, Three Hurdle Races and
, Elz Steeplechases.
FIRST R--CE OP" THE DAT AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m..,L 1:30
and 2 p. m. Train* leave Tanforan Park for
Ban Frtr-'— a.t 4:15 p. m.. followed after the
l»Mt race at Interval* of a few minutes by sev-
eral specials. Scats In rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course,
\»clu&ln« railroad fare, tl.2S.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
V>WA»D POWEH, Racln*: Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alf. Ellir.Khouse. Prop, and Manager.
PI1O.VE SOUTH 770
last two times— matinee to-dat!
— to-night: —
Of the Bright Musical Farce-Comedy Success,
ThE STAR BOARDBR
I5y a coir.panj* of clever comedians and a bevy
of pretty pirls. New music. New
Specialties.
EVBXrxa 250. SSc. 50c and 75o
MATINEE 15c. 25c, 35c and 50c
TO-MORROW (Sunday^ AFTERNOON-Seven
Happy Days With Thoi=e Funny Fellows
MURRAY AND MACK
Ard Their Big Company of 37 People. In
"SHOOT/ffC THE CHUTES."
t VrtSTtCttYIUU
Phone South 533.
NOW THOROUGHLYJ1EATKD WITH STEAM
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW (St"N )
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING— LAST
PERFORMANCES.
One of the Greatest Plays Ever Writtro.
a Great Scenic Production.
ppircc Kveninga 10c, 15c. 25c, 33c, We
mivLJ Matinrcs lOc, 15c 25c
NEXT MONDAY— Superb Production of D'En-
nery's Famous Drama.
"A CELEBRATED CASE."
First Appearance in Y<?ars of the Popular
Irish Comedian. JAMES M. WARD.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOt/niin O Admission lOc.
Hanlon and Singer. Ida Howell. Waterman
Sisters. Little Alma 'Wuthrich, Hal Conlett,
Ahern and Patrick and Hinrlchs' Orchestra,
Reserved Seats Sc. Matlrty? Sunday.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
>v^~NV3^v about the wonderful.
/^$3 ¦ ;\ &ARUKB WHIRLING
f .§ • v\ InAnvLL SPR.AY
$ ,'< caiy* A. Mft T h e n C w yajlnal Syrirce.
I ¦ il l^S '. V rS; ' ''\\ Injection unit Suction.
W O^ "' cF\^J Be*-Safest-Most Con
t?\vW*'im venient. ItClesnsrs
N^^^^r^-r^ Instantly.
Ask your drnjjist for it. \ . //^y — -~- < ff-^^~
If he cannot • tpply the \lZrW "" '¦' ¦'"¦ '¦'/£>
.MinVDI, accrp«n<> *^ \, i >7>v—
x'.hcr. bet send «>nl> fcr il1u«- \. jf "'//v\s
tntrdhook— n^nlfd. ItrfvrtfuH V-, g dS
t«i«die-, * WAiiv*xro M >e ¦ • (if
K<>iiin»o,-)1 I«;i«"k It'll.--, \t-\\ Vcrli °-»«-_iJ_- ) '
Any one knows and knows when cured. We
have offered a reward of $25 for 4 years here
in Lcs Angeles to any one with Piles who could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pile Cure,
and net one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any one suffering
with Piles $50 who cannct be cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record shows ever 13.000 cured.
Write for information. Perhap* we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price it. postpaid.
VERUS FILE CORE CO., Room 226, Wilson Btt
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO., Wholesale and
Retail Druggist*. Arts., Fourth and
Spring Ste.. Los Angeles. CaL
nil inr These hotels pos-
I ALAuL scss th " attributes
, that tourists and
Qnn travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
R R ft M fl libcral manage-.-
UnHllU merit, modern ap-
UflTCI 0 pointments and
(IUIlLoi p crfect c " is |? e
7 American and Ea-
Sail FranCiSCO. ropran plans.
Avisr? OR- JORDAN'S great a
\mjim OF A8ITGH? $
0 US 15 :i HiStVS ST. tat. C± *?&. S.i'.Cd. A
T SX The Lcr^nt Anatomical Muircn in the
a ;£££*¦><* Worl< *- Wekkaet*#» or aijr contracted <
V flSSSVQ diienepetllUf-lyouwMlOjrtheolaeit I
g) «£j|jfcl| Speualitt rn uV Cov,:. EiL3tyeu» $
£ d*3£? II CS> <KTCB&K-?Bn!&yE DISEASES £
' /(*&&£? CciMiltMion frtr> nnd stTvtlr private \
H I lyatM Trttiment. pertoiulijr t* l.y letter. A 4
\ M If K \ V l^ tMv * Ore tn every caie undertaken. \
a Fit ll£f> Write for »oek.pnn.OB«P»*- # » A
W • if iW aAnmAeii. mailed frce. uf
i. j! ll ' valuable book for mra) " \
9 fi^J^DAWACOjjlOMMarlietSt.,8. F. f
- \3 s$i Ss fej^ffZ^ySgj
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
: or the Cars o? Gonorrhoea, CJcots,
Strictures and analogous complaints : .
! of tha Organs ot Generation. .
Price 11 a bottle. For sal* by drugglats.
Tor a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
druKgis is ; all scrt3 of people use it.
AD VEHTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE^ECURlfYT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /^L^^^
Tory email mmd. a» eas/
to t«ie m « jar.
SEE lPARTFB*Ql FQRfiEA0ACHE - SEE
j b AK 1 1 l\O FOR DIHIKESS. 2LL
GENUINE stiver ™» torpid liver. GENUINE
i PILLS F0R CONSTIPATION
WRAPPFR JLLji " F0R sauow skih. WPAPPFR
O2>T I^EID .PAPER."TACOMA, Jan. 23. — It Is understood that
a steamship . line will be established be
tween Everett and Southern California
ports, mainly at the Instance of the Clarlc-
Nlckerson Mill Company, to engage in the
lumber trade. J. R. Hanify.of San Fran
cisco, who has been negotiating with the
Clark-Nickerson people relative to this
movement, left Tacoma this morning.
Mr. Hantfy Is an extensive lumber mer
chant and is engaged in th© timber trans
portation business. E.- A. Nickerson,
treasurer of the Clark-Nlckerson Com
pany, says the chief object I of the new
line will be to carry lumber for San Diego
and Los Angeles yards.
to San Diego.
Will Cany Lumber From the Sound
George T. Callahan, a saloon-keeper at
2249 Powell street, has been cited to ap
pear before Superior Judge Dunne next
Monday morning to show cause why he
should not be punished for contempt of
court. He was arrested last night and
subsequently released on $100 bail. If the
charge made against him is found to be
true when the contempt proceedings are
heard it is not improbable that he will be
called upon to face a charge of felony. He
is accused of attempting to tamper with
the Jury In the case of I*>uis Parentl, a
tailor living at 408 Francisco street, who
received goods stolen by W. D. Thomp
son, a teamster, from ths railroad depot.
J. F. Nichols and James H. Anderson*
Jurors In th© Parentl case, reported to As
sistant District Attorney Greany yester
day that Callahan approacned them and
asked them not to believe the witnesses
for the prosecution, alleging that there
was a conspiracy to ruin Parentl. It was
on this Information that Greany asked
for the arrest of Callahan for contempt
of court.
Thompson, who some time agt> pleaded
rullty to th© theft of the- goods from th©
depot, was the principal witness against
Parentl. The Jurors In Parentl's cas© wer©
out but a few minutes before they agreed
upon a verdict finding him 'guilty as
charged.
Assassin Is a Young Man Who Was
MONTANA RHHttlKfe 1
SHOT FRO2C ATYTTTUSH
Accused of Several Bob
beries.
BUTTB, Jan. 25.— A special to the Miner
from Virginia City says: James Summers,
Sheriff or Madison County, was shot from
ambush and Instantly killed this after
noon at a cabin in Morgan Gulch, about
twelve miles sonth of Ennis. by John
Sheriff Summers left this city this morn-
Ing to serve a search, warrant on "Woolf.
who was accused of breaking Into som»
cabins In that neighborhood. It seems
Woolf saw the Sheriff coming and shot
him without warning. Woolf is 13 yeara
of age. ¦ He escaped after the killing.
George T. Callahan Accused of Attempting
to Tamper. With Jurors in Criminal Case.
SERIOUS CHARGE MADE AGAINST
POWELL-STREET SALOON-KEEPER
. Carolyn : B. . Iloch was granted a decree
yesterday " from ; "William • Hoch on the
ground" of -desertion. Suits for divorce
.-were filed yesterday, by; Cordelia ! E. | Cole
against Krancis "W. Cole for failure to
provide, Thomas Cames against Minnie
Cames for; Infidelity. Nettle AL : McKee
against Frank S. McKee for failure to
provide, Catherine Fosen against Osmond
R.'. Fosen ?¦ for intemperance = and - Louis
Danzlger .- against ' Dora • Danzlger for
cruelty.^ y ¦ ¦;; \
In. the Divorce Court.
The Assembly committee consists of J.
B. Irish (chairman). Martin , Brady,
George McLaughlin, Bert Schlesinger and
T. E. Savaee.
The committee appointed by the Assem
bly win meet at Assemblyman Schles-
Inger's office In the Claus Spreckels build
ing at 9:30 this morning, when it will be
decided on what lines ; to pursue the in
vestigation. The committee will take the
11 o'clock boat for San Quentin. .,
* The Senate ¦¦ committee is composed of
Senators Belshaw (chairman), . Nutt, Xel
son, Plunkett,, Smith, Greenwell and
Tvrrell of Nevada; '-rc?&BS!8gx£g&$3gBa&um
The Prison Directors were to hold a reg
ular monthly meeting to-day at Folsom,
when they expected to hear the report of
Expert MacLaren on the amount of Wal
den's peculations. Whether the visit of
the Senators and the Assemblymen to San
Quentin, will- postpone this meeting has
not been learned.
Six members of the State Senate and
five members of the Assembly arrived In
the city last night on their way to San
Quentin to investigate the "jute mill"
scandal. Senator Belshaw, chairman of
the Senate committee, hinted to his five
colleagues before they left Sacramento
that this was -no pleasure jaunt and that
he would expect them all to take the 7:30
boat this morning for San Quentin.
Belshaw deplores the fact that he and
the other members of the committee will
be handicapped in their investigation by
lack of time, but he claims that he will
havu as thorough an investigation as pos
sible. The programme laid out Is for the
Senators to leave early this •morning for
San Quentin and return on a late train
this evening. On Sunday they, will meet
and prepare a report which they will pre
sent to the Senate on Monday.
Leave at 7:30 This Morning
for San Qiientin to
lHv63ul?at6« :
STATE SENATORS
ARE EARLY BIRDS
Business of an exceedingly Important
nature was transacted at the semi-annual
meeting of the Teachers' Mutual Aid.So
ciety, held In Sherman-Clay Hall yester
day afternoon. The proceedings were en
livened by frequent spirited discussions
and lively exchanges of opinion.
The first matter of importance which
came before the meeting was final action
on an amendment Introduced by Caroline
L. Hunt providing for an increase In the
amount of sick benefits payable to a mem
ber in case of sickness. The by-laws pro
vided that after $300 at the rate of $10 per
week had been paid during a period of
sickness benefits should cease. The
amendment was to the effect that after
that time a member should receive $5 until
the end of her sickness. The amendment
was finally adopted, but not without a
valiant fight on the part of Its supporters.
If the foregoing amendment occasioned
a lively discussion, it was nothing In com
parison with what followed when Mrs.
Mary Prag proposed to create a fund for
the care of the incurable members of the
society by setting aside 10 cents from the
monthly dues of each member.
At this proposal a whole volume of
schoolroom eloquence burst forth. All
present • commended the spirit of the
amendment, but disagreed as to the mode
of . accomplishing - its - purpose, i • Some ar
gued that such a drain on the finances of
the society would send it into . immediate
bankruptcy, and that the dues should be
raised in order to furnish . the necessary
funds. Others claimed that such a course
was out of the province of an aid society
and suggested the formation of an auxil
iary branch for the. specific y purpose of
caring for incurables. The .• discussion
continued for fully an hour, during which
many eloquent '.; words were spoken ' In
favor of the amendment and It was event
ually adopted.
But ' now conies . an unforeseen*- obstacle.
The by-laws provide that j an amendment
shall be proposed at least thirty days be
fore It can .be: adopted." 'This provision
was not complied with, and therefore' the
opponents assert that the amendment was
not legally, adopted.; Grave complications
may* arise from this oversight, as- two In
curables have already been placed on the
list for benefits. The amendment.,pro
vides ; - that no • Incurable member • shall'
draw more than $5 at one time/ •
The society Is now In an excellent con
dition. It has $500 In. its treasury, and the
names of 373 teachers on ita membership
role. ".sSSgsagisS - -
By-Laws Amended to Abolish
Time Limit on Payment
of Benefits.
TEACHERS VOTE
MORE AID TO SICK
In 1801 there were only 6000 Italian speak
ing people in the United States. Now
there are 460,000.
PLAITS COlfCKETE CTTLVERT
•ACEOSS ISLAIS CBEEK
Board of Works Arranges for Connec-
tion Batween Castro-Street Addi
tion and Fairmount Tract.
City Engine«r Grunsky filed plans and
specifications for the construction of a
concrete culvert along the northerly
branch of Islais Creek at Diamond street
¦with the Board of Public Works yester
day. The plans have been prepared with
the view of the future extension of the cul
vert to the east and west of Diamond
street. For this reason no wing walls
have been provided, a temporary timber
bulkhead being substituted in lieu there
of. The purpose of the construction of
the culvert, which will cost 51300. is to se
cure eventually a. much-needed thorough
fare between the Castro-street Addition
and Fairmount tract and the Mission and
Thirtieth street Extension Homestead. It
will be necessary to open Diamond street
for a distance of 100 feet northerly from
Berkshire street.
The board directed Secretary Park to
advertise for bids for ths repaving of
Clay. Washington and Sacramento streets.
between Montgomery and Sanaome, with
asphalt or bitumen on six-inch concrete.
George Roundy, president of the Uni
versity Mound Improvement Club, filed a
numerously signed petition requesting the
removal qf the high boani fences In that
district. Roundy declared that If action
was not taken by the board proceedings
would be begun to compel it to do so.
Coroner Leland described the autopsy
and produced the bullets. With this the
prosecution rested. The defense will be
gin its case on Monday morning next.
Ah Jim, chef of the hostelry, said he
heard five shots and spoke to O'Connor
Just prior to his following Trewhella down
for the lemons.
H. Justin told of putting Glaze's pistol
in working order. He said to Glaze, "A
pistol like^that's not much use." Glaze
replied, "When a man needs a pistol he
needs it badly." • .. •
Police Officer N. J. Barry said Glaze ap
proached him at Eddy and Market
streets and Bald. "I've taken a couple of
shots at a man across the street."
Barry, after going to the scene of the
murder, took Glaze to the City Hall on a
street car.
M. J. Brown, Deputy Coroner, said that
there was no weapon. on the body when
searched.
uncovered. • Trewhella was breathing his
last when he reached- him- Dr. P. C. Mc-
Mahon described the wounds and the
death scene, lie pronounced Trewhella
dead a few seconds after he reached him.
WITNESSES AND INTERESTED
PERSONS IN THE TRIAL OF
ROBERT E. GLAZE. : t
M. 3>on Guislain. Belgian Consul at this
port. Is in receipt of Information from his
Government to the effect that a. law of
amnesty In favor of those* having
neglected, at the proper time, to Inscribe
themselves for conscription, and of those,
militiamen who failed to duly present
themselves to the military authorities
when called upon, also In favor of desert
ers, has Just been approved by his
Majesty Leopold II, King of the Belgians.
All Interested, who may be desirous of
regularizing their position, are requested
to present themselves personally at the
Belgian Consulate. 207 Battery street,
after having provided themselves with all
the official documents they may possess,
particularly those necessary for • the
proper establishment of their Identity.
Amnesty for Belgium.
John H. O'Connor, the bellboy. /who. was
the only qye-witness of the tragedy, was
the first witness called, by District- Attor
ney Bylngton. and despite Attorney
Foote's efforts to break down parts or
Fcote contented himself with trying to
tangle the prosecution's witnesses on
minor details, but without much success.
It did not directly appear what line the
defense will adopt, although It seems
probable that Trewhella's alleged attack
on Mrs. Glaze will be the base of it.
The first business yesterday morning
was the explanation of -Police Corporal
George W. Russell's elaborate plan of the
scene of the murder and his explana
tion of the same. He also exhibited a
plan of the hotel office, marked exhibits a
and B for illustrating testimony. Photo
graphs of the stairs leading from the
kitchen and of the alleyway outside were
also offered In evidence.
As each accusing finger was successive
ly leveled at him and each witness told
his etory the confident air Glaze had worn
when he entered the courtroom in the
morning disappeared, and although he sat
the self-confessed slayer of his partner,
yet he followed every bit of testimony at
tentively, as it endeavoring to discover
what loophole his attorney, W. W. Foote,
was going to attempt to squeeze him
through to freedom. His wife sat by his
side throughout the day. None of Trew
hella's relatives were present. .
pointed to Robert Glaze as the
wlelder of the pistol which sent swift
death to William Trewhella, Glaze's busi
ness partner in the Windsor Hotel, on the
afternoon of January 14.
A BELLBOY, a policeman, a Chi
nese cook, two German tailors
and a gun store clerk in Police
Judge Conlan's court yesterday
The porter at the Windsor. Harry B.
Habens, testified to running to Trew
hella's aid when he heard the shots. He
said Trewhella lay with his back to the
baker, shop. - .-.
Edward C. McCormlck, the druggist,
who was called In, told'of the wounds he
Alfred Japgl, a tailor for Heed & Son,
whose windows overlook the alley, and
Fred Menz,' another tailor, told of seeing
Glaze come into the alleyway and unload
his pistol. They heard five shots fired.
John J. Wrens also heard the five shots
and saw Glaze unload the pistol.
Foote's first question was if O'Connor
knew a man named Merchant, who sup
plied meat to the hotel. In reply to the
attorney's interrogation as to whether it
was a fact that he had told Merchant he
knew nothing of th'e shootiner. O'Connor
said he had not done "so. O'Connor was
very positive that only two shots were
fired.
The bellboy told of answering a call to
ret a cocktail ahfl lemonade for some
guests. He went first to the bar, then to
the kitchen, to get limes from Trewhella.
Trewhella went to the storeroom to get
the limes. He had reached the landing
and was going into the old kitchen, or
bakery., v/hen the first shot was fired.
O'Connor saw Trewhella stagger, then
heard another shot, and the wounded man
fell to the ground. O'Connor then stood
on the top step. Glaze then came out of
the kitchen door, a revolver in his hand,
and said, "If any one asks you who snot
him, tell them he shot himself." He then
walked away and O'Connor ran to Trew
hella'a side to help him to his feet. O'Con
nor said Glaze was facing Trewhella when
he fired the shot. Of this he was certain.
his testimony he proved an effectual
weapon for the prosecution. O'Connor
made it evident that he was not going to
rfestify to anything he did not understand,
nor be "bulldozed," as he expressed it. He
and Foote had many a passage of argu
ment, and the attorney won no victory to
Joseph Xealon Is in Jail on two charges
cf theft. He was caught in the act of
stealing a tide of bacon from a grocery
store on the comer of Sixth and Howard
streets yesterday. As soon as Nealon was
detected Officer F. A. For.tana was called
and arrested him.
While waiting for the patrol wagon to
arrive R, Cuyala. who keeps a liquor store
at 129 Sixth street, happened to pass and
at once identified JCealon as being one of
the men who etole a barrel of whisky
from In front of his store earlier In the
day.
The theft of the liquor occurred at 9
o'clock, vhlle Cuyala was serving a cus
tomer. Two men drove up with an ex
press xragon end lifted the barrel into
their vehicle and drove off. Just as they
¦were rounding the corner of Howard
street the owner of the whisky saw them
end gave ch2se- After a run of a half
block he overtook them at the corner of
Russ street. The two men Jumped from
the seat, however, and made good their
escape by Jumping on a milk wagon, the
driver of which ex-idently knew them, as
he aided them in eluding their pursuers.
Cuyala, with the assistance of Officer P.
Sullivan, secured the stolen whisky horse
iind wagon. The identification of Nealon,
ss stated, resulted in two charges being
placed against his name on the prison reg
ister. His companion has not yet been
captured.
Slakes Escape After Stealing Barrel
of Whisky, but Is Caught With
Side' of Bacon.
2TEAXON'S DOTJKLE THEFT
LAUDS HOT IN PBISON
Secretary Ames was also on hand TrlJ-h
a statement prepared from the book?.
showing that the plant and property of
thft company originally cost $26,245,095 u.
••The property has since increased in
value, and to that Is attributable." said
he. "the difference between my figures
and the figures of Mr. Schussler." Ames
was unable to tell what amount of money
had been realized from the sale of stock
and mortgage bonus. He was also in the
dark concerning many more matters
a5ked him, and when the Supervisors ad
journed they had as the net result of
three hours' investigation naupht but the
figures and verbose report of Engineer
Fch ussier.
The time was granted, and when Schuss
ler appeared before the Supervisors yes
terday he presented each of them with a
nicely printed pamphlet. It showed the
necessity of reservoirs; the gradual
growth of supply and decrease of price of
water; the wisaom of acquiring water
rights and properties in time; that proper
economy was followed in the construction
of the original plant of the Spring Valley
Company, and a thousand and other
things, concluding with a set of figures In
tended to prove that the water plant to
day la fully worth f40.Sll.5O0. This total.
bowe\*er. does not include -the assessed
value of the franchise, which according
to Schussler is worth J5.400.000.
The confidence Intrusted to the Inquisi
torial body by Schussler resulted In the
question being asked him what he thought
the plant of the Spring Valley was worth.
He could not be pinned down to figures
at that time, but said that if the city
bought the works for $30,000,000 It would
be getting a bargain. He promised that
if given time he would prepare a report
proving beyond doubt that the Spring Val
ley plant was worth much more than 530,
000.000.
Whor. he was first called before them
two weeks ago to assist in fixing a water
rate 'or the coming fiscal year that •would
be fair to both the company and the con
sumer he informed them that he believed
that the municpality should control - its
own water works. He added, however,
that the belief was contingent upon" the
matter of the city purchasing the best
plant possible. He next told of. the will
ingness of the directors of the Spring Val
ley Company lo cell to the city, and sug
gested that it would not be a hard matter
to strike a bargain If the municipal of
ficials would only meet the directors In &
friendly spirit of arbitration.
Engineer Schussler of the Spring Valley
Water Company had another Inning yes
terday afternoon with the Supervisors.
Dollars.
He Estimates That the Plant of the
Water Company Is Worth More.—
v Than Forty Million
Engineer JSchussler of the
Spring Valley Company
Presents Report.
STILL TRYING TO
FIX WATER RATES
The petition of Owens, Varney & Green
for a writ of Injunction- to restrain r the
Board of Public "Works and - the police
from; Interfering* with . their advertising
fences .was argued and submitted before
Judge -Seawall . yesterday. On behalf of
the .petitioners it. is contended that »n
owner or lessee of property may erect anv
structure thereon bo long as the game does
not threaten the safety or comfort or In
terfere with the vested rights ot adjoining
tenants. , •. . . ... . •
Advertising Fence Case.
: JV- and Its People.
Alfred E. Buck. United- States Minister
to Japan, was among yesterday passen
gers on the. steamer China. He will spend
a few* days at the Occidental Hotel and
will then go to his home In the East His
wife and daughter are with him. Min
ister Buck has come to the -United States
ona vacation. .- He was,, appointed Min
ister to Japan In 1S97 by President Mc-
Klnley: "
"I have lived long enough In Japan," he
said yesterday, "to grow very fond of the
country and to learn a great deal about
her people."
Among the other notable passengers on
the China were Archdeacon and •¦ Mrs.
"Wolffe, ¦ who are en route to England: J
W. Caomann ' of - the . Standard Oil Com
pany and : J. . R. , Morse, - president of the
American Trading Company.' Mr. Cap
mann and Mr. Morse are stopping at the
Palace.
MXNTSTEB BUCK COMES
rTrTfVR FOB VACATION
United States Representative to
Japan Says He Likes the Orient
Declared Not Responsible for Debts
of Children Who Left Home
Without Cause.
The affairs of the Bell family were again
aired yesterday in Justice of the Peace
Long's court, when the suit brought by
Joseph Alexandra against Mrs. Theresa
Bell was on trial. Alexandre sued to re
cover the sum of $252 25 for board, cloth-
Ing and sundry articles noted In a bill of
particulars and furnished Roblna. Muriel
and Eustace, minor children of Mrs. Bell.
In his complaint Alexandra alleged that
the three children had abandoned their
mother with Just cause, as they were com
pelled to leave her home because she neg
lected to provide necessary articles for
their Welfare and comfort.
Mrs. Bell In her own behalf denied that
she neglected to provide for the children.
She testified that their half-sister, Marie
T. Bell, had Induced them to rebel against
their mother's authority In the- hope that
Marie would be appointed their guardian
and thus have the custody of large sums
of ¦ money from the • estate of the late
Thomas Bell. In fact, Marie only with
drew her application to be guardian after
Judge Coffey declined to allow her $20,000
out of the estate.
Mrs. Alexandre testified that when the
children came to her their wardrobe was
very limited. Their wardrobe consisted
of many fancy clothes, but none that were,
useful. In rebuttal Mrs. Bell testified
that she had sold her books and mort
gaged her property to buy necessaries for
the children. Judge Long decided in her
favor on the ground that there was no
showing made that the children had left
her with Just cause.
MBS. BELL WINS CASE
HT JUSTICE'S COTJRT
Bitter realization of the effect of the
acts of the rail carriers was manifested
on every side yesterday. No definite ac
tion was taken. There is .little doubt that
the Interests' of San Francisco 'and of the
coast will be represented at the next meet
ing of the Transcontinental Association
at Milwaukee. There are several organ
izations which have in the past. interested
themselves in the subject of freight rates,
including the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and
Manufacturers' Association, the Pacific
Coast Metal and Hardware Association
and the Associated Wholesale Grocers.
Some one or all of these bodies may be
heard in protest against the rates that
will surely deprive San Francisco and
other Pacific Coast points of any chance
to export to any extent to the Oriental
countries. None of them, has acted as yet.
The question Is one of such great impor
tance that no hasty move is likely to be
made.
Owing to the great disgust and exas
peration of the commercial community at
the • action of the transcontinental lines
some new organization may result. The
talk In favor. of such an organization was
stronger yesterday than on the day pre
ceding.
W. R. Wheeler said that under the ex
isting conditions San Francisco's antici
pation of being a large factor in the- Ori
ental trade wus evidently fallacious. He
deplored the facts. He was not of th©
opinion that' the transcontinental lines
would be easily persuaded to change their
policy. As he understood the matter,
their action was based on the claim that
they made the rates to compete with the
Suez canal. He supposed that they made
the rates as high as they thought they
could to Oriental points and still retain
the business, for it was natural to believe
that they got all the money they thought
they could out of the business. The Ori
ental rates were made without reference
to the rates to San Francisco from the
East. To make a market for California
manufactured articles in the Orient H
would be necessary, first, to get a large
enough home market. The unit of cost
diminished Inversely to the volume of
manufacture and that is what gives the
East an overwhelming advantage. Ths
Eastern manufacturer Is near the center
of population.
Jacob Levi Jr. said that the Oriental
rates would. If kept in force, cut off San
Francisco from exporting to China and
Japan on its own account. Certain com
mission houses that represent Eastern
lines of goods might not be much affect
ed, only it would be impossible for San
Francisco to bring Eastern goods here
and then send them to the Orient in com
petition with the through rates from New
York, Chicago, St. Louis, etc. From the
conditions nere existing, the relative
scarcity of manufacturing' enterprises in
San Francisco and also because of the
fact that the great bulk of goods in which
San Francisco merchandises must be
brought here, it is clear that a deadly
blow has been aimed at San Francisco's
dream of becoming a distributing center
for the trade of the Orient. .
"It is all wrong," said William Cluff,
president of the Associated Wholesale
Grocers, "and something: ought to be done
if any measure can be devised to bring
relief. I confess that I do not. see the
way out yet.. Consequently I cannot dis
cuss the situation as fully as I might
otherwise be able to do. All the trans
continental roads - and their steamship
connections to ; the Orient are in the ar
rangement. I have heard of talk of
some eort of an organization to pave" the
way for doing something, but do not
know anything about what plan might be
adepted. San Francisco will meet bitter
disappointment in failing to secure the
Oriental trade, which seemed to be Bafely
ours until the rates mentioned In The
Call this morning were put into effect.
Our side of the caso ought to be fully
presented."
The commercial community of San
Francisco pondered angrily yesterday
over the facts exclusively published In
The Call concerning the rates on freights
from New York. Chicago. St. Louis and
other Eastern and Middle "West points to
the Orient. The merchants saw clearly
that giving the East lower rates to the
Orient than San Francisco has. when the
sea carriage from this port Is added to
the overland rate, must effectually de
stroy any export trade that belongs to
San Francisco under natural conditions,
if the rates are maintained.
lated a Plan to Meet Rats Sit
uation, but Axe Think
ing Sard.
Merchants Save KTot as Yet Formu-
Destruction of Oriental
Export Traffic Is
the Cause.
COMMERCIAL IRE
IS MANIFESTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, .1801. ¦»«
John H. O'Connor Testifies at the Preliminary Examination
of the Alleged Murderer That He Saw the Prisoner
.- Shoot His Partner Down Without Any Provocation
GLAZE IS POINTED OUT IN COURT
AS THE MAN WHO KILLED TREWHELLA
IN KITCHEN OF THE WINDSOR HOTEL
8
NEW STEAMSHIP IiXNlL
,..?» ' . ......... . ADVZBTI5EMENTS.
The Most Important Period in a
Woman's Existence. — Mrs. John-
son Tells How She Was Helped
Over the Trying Time.
Oyving- to modern methods of living, not one woman in a thousand ap-
proaches this perfectly natural change Without experiencing a train of very
annoying, and sometimes painful symptoms.
Thoso dreadfnl hot flashes, sending the blood surging to the heart until it
seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, sometimes with chills,
as if the heart were going to stop for good, are only a- few of the symptoms of
a dangerous nervous trouble. Tho nerves are crying out for assistance. Tho
cry should bo heeded in time. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was
prepared to meet the needs of woman's system at this tryinjr period of her life.
The three following letters are guaranteed to be genuine and true, and
still further prove what a great medicine Lydia E. Pinkharn'3 Vegetable
Compound is for women.
Mar. 12, 1397.
" Dear Mrs. Petkham : — I have been sick for a long time. I was taken
sick with flooding. All my trouble seemed to be in the womb. I ache all the
time at the lower part of the womb. The doctor says the womb is covered
with ulcers. I suffer with a pain on the left side of my hack over the kidney.
I am fifty years old and passing through the change of "life. Please advise mo
what to do to get relief. Would like to hear from you as eoon as possible. w —
Mbs. Charlotte Johxsojt, Mcnclova, Ohio.
•¦vvv:»ryr:-v; :;.;;-v. , Jan. 23, 1893.
" I have been taking your remedies, and think they have helped me a great
deal. I had been in bed for ten weeks when I began taking your Vegetable
Compound, but after using it for a short time I was able to be up around the
house. The aching in the lower part of womb ha3 left me. The most that
troubles me now is tho flowing. That is not so bad, but still there is a little
every day. I am not discouraged yet, and shall continue with your medicine,
. for I believe it will cure me." — Mbs. Chablotte JoiC73o^r, Monclova,Ohio.
April 13, 1S00.
" I send you this letter to publish for the benefit of others. I was sick for
about nine years so that I could not-do my work. For three months I could
not sit up long enough to have my bed made. I had five different doctors, and
all said th#re was no help for me. My trouble was change of life. I suffered
with nlceration or the womb, pain in sides, kidney and stomach trouble, back-
ache, headache, and dizziness. I am. well and strong, and feel like a new
person. My recovery is a perfect surprise to everybody that knew me. I owe
all to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I would not do without
your medicine for anything. There is no need of women suffering so much if
they would take your remedies, for they are a sure cure."— Mbs. Charlotte
Johxso*, Monclova, Ohio.
, ; When one stops to think about the good Mrs. Johnson derived from Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine, it seems almost beyond belief ; yet it is all
true as stated in her three letters published above at her own request.
As a matter of positive fact Mrs. Pinkham has on file thousands of
letters from women who have been safely carried through that danger period
"Change of Life." Mrs. Johnson's cure is not an unusual one for Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine to accomplish. >»
ArAAA REWARD. — We h»T« deposited with tb« National City Bank of Lynn, $5000, I
VnlOllHl will be paid to any person who can find that the aboTe testimonial letters I
¦ W 1 i S 9 E i I are not Genuine, or wete published befors obtaining the writer's »t>*ctal t>ei>- I
UUUUtf mission. 1.YJD1A E. P1XK1IAM AlEDldSrE C&! I
For a : Cold in' the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlno Tablets. ¦ •
1 cy^'^Ttf ifM^
* A feeling 'of fullness in the stomach, sourness, flatulency,
bad taste, coated tongue,* uneasiness, colicky pains* a variable
appetite and morbid cravings for ' food are common in this trou-
ble " There is usually sick, headache, giddiness, disturbed sleep,'
irritability of temper, nervousness, impatience, anxiety and appre-
hension. ?The processes of nutrition are perverted, and instead of
nourishing and strengthening the system the blood is filled with
acid ferments that poison the ; nerves, cloud the intellect and
weaken the muscles and tissues. • Indigestion comes from over-
taxed and weakened nerves which must l>c bull tup and strength-
ened before relief .will come/
- - ~ ,'• ' v< -- . .
"I had stomach trouble for a number <ot years, wm"*^.
rcrr nervous, food did not digest, pain in stomach, sour * ¦ ¦ ...
• taste, fullness and frequent sick headaches. I • had spells
of dullness and confusion of mind and lost' much sleep.
I took two bottles of Dr.. Miles' Nervine and the results-
were wonderful. \ 'It certainly has no equal Tor weak
nerves or stomach troubles of any kind." • .
Bev.IL 8. Jakes, Marion, Ind.
D*. Miles* Netyfoe
> ' quiets nervous irritation, 6oothes the excited brain and - '
"ifi' i brings refreshing, healthful sleep.. It stimulates the /
' — ' ! appetite, regulates digestion and builds up wasted tissue*
Gold bjCrnesistspn guarantee "_ iDR.JfiIix.ES JMedicax^COm ElkharU Ind.
One Bottle Cures
McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure
To all patients who apply at Smith's Pharmacy, southeast
corner Fifth and Folsom streets, will be Given •« Sample
of His Remedy Free. But you must come TO-DAY,
January 20 th— ON B DAY ONLY.The Senate . then passed all unobjected
pension o.lls on the calendar and at 5:55
p. m. adjourned.
It is estimated that there ts paid by Ameri
can producers to foreign shipowners In freight
charges at least $175,000,000 - a year. Four rw*r
cent on this would give us an American mer
chant marine and/the expenditure of much the
larger part of this money in our own country.
'It Is undoubtedly true that American oc?a:i
liners" are mere expensive to build and main
tain than those of foreign countries. Without
subsidies they are^ operated at a loss. If with
the small subsidy proposed they would yleul
enormous profits; as some' of the opponents of
the shipping bill declared, there would be an
abundance - of money flowing Into the! ship
bulldlnc. business to advantage o? this
fresh opportunity - for profitable investment.
With the construction, of. the Nlcaraguu
canal, which will be completed within the
next few years, the necessity for an auxiliary
fleet and a merchant marine becomes still
Kreater. j Whether we look at this question as
a matter of national defense In time of war
or consider It as one of the factors in th»
solution of our Indubitable problems as they
arise from time £o time, or sum up the possi
bilities for the American farm and factory
and mine In the want.*, present and potential,
of the millions in the Orient, the beneficent in
fluence of this' measure becomes more real.
It Is the opinion of Mr. Curtin that this
point will come up In future discussions
regarding Chinese territory. Many of the
uprisers have come from these two par
ticular sections of the Chinese empire.
.The new Siberian road, he says, is about
two-thirds completed. Unless hostilities
Interfere the road will be finished in less
than two .years. When the line has been,
placed upon a paying commercial basis
It will be possible to run trains from Paris
to- Peking or Vladivostok in twelve days,
and from the latter point passengers can
take a steamship en route. for San Fran
cisco. It will be possible to make the «n
tire trip from Paris to San Francisco in
twenty-three days. In the future anybody
going to points in China as far as Hong
kong will go by the Russian road.
"In my opinion," said Mr. Curtin "the
new road will be, a boon to San Fran
cisco, for it will encourage trade in. fruit
and canned stuff, also In grain and flour.
They use American flour In Siberia now.
The Americans must not overlooM>Tne fact
that the Russians are glad to do business
with the United States. They have no
fear of political complications with us
They keep away from the English because
of their political' opposition. They won't
trust an Englishman.' at '»we- ever have
any. rivalry with Russia It willbe from
a commercial standpoint."
man In .relation to the Russian policy
with reference to China. WItte says that
it Is his country's policy to keep its hands
off Chinese territory, Mr. Curtin ex
plained; but the provinces of Manchuria
and Mongolia are not counted as a part of
China, Old historic China is composed of
eighteen provinces outside of the two
named. ¦ . ...
"A man then steps forward and makes
an incision a foot long near the horse's
breastbone. The man's arm Is. bared to
the elbow. The opening haying been made
the native plunges his harm in. grasps the
heart and wrtnehes it from Its connec
tions. The animal, of course dies very
quickly.
"Some of the horses exhibited terrible
pnguish by a ghastly baring of th» teeth
and rolling of the eyes, which turn a dark
green. Having been pronounced dead the
horse Is skinned and the flesh is removed
from the bones and boiled in kettles. The
bones are burned on altars. The specta
tors, composed of young and old .men and
only unmarried women, then form In line,
and having been given small quantities of
the Juice from the boiled meat they march
by the fires, sprinkling- the latter with
drops of the juice. What is left they
drink, together with distilled sour milk
which is quite intoxicating. Small quan
tities of the meat are also eaten.
"This part of the ceremony ended the
remainder of the day is devoted to wrest
ling matches and outdoor sports, such as
are described In 'Virgil/ .
"On the whole, it is, the finest bit of
antiquity T have , ever seen: . It also Il
lustrates the . Intimate relation between
religion and civilization."'
Mr. Curtin was favored many let
ters and passports by Minister of Finance
AMtte, who, he says, Is* the important
each horse, the knots being just above the
hoof. Then four men place themselves at
the ond of each rope. and at a given signal
the men pull in opposite directions. This
throws the horse on its back, and with the
men still clinging tightly to the rop-j tne
animal is helplesfi. . ;
THE HORSE SACRIFICE AS WITNESSED BY JEREMIAH CURTIN, A NOTED AUTHOR AND LINGUIST, NOW IN
. THIS CITY, WHILE HE WAS TRAVELING AMONG THE BURIATS, A STRANGE PEOPLE OF THE MONGOL
RACE, IN EASTERN SIBERIA. . * - v - ¦ •"
STIRRING UP FEELING
AGAINST THE BRITISH
French Traders Inciting New Hebri
des Natives to Throw Off
English Yoke.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. 25.— The Syd
ney Mail, received to-day, publishes a
statement from its New Hebrides cor
respondent that French traders and sail
ers have been at thote islands endeavor-
Ing to stir up anti-British feeling among
the natives of the New Hebrides. The al
legation is made that the French traders
have represented to 'the natives that Eng
land's power is waning and have prom
ised them various privileges for allegiance
to French interests. It is said that the
natives are being encouraged in various
acts of lawlessness against British trad*
er?, and that the native murderer of an
English skipper named Captain Xasmlth
was shielded from punishment by the
captain of a French ship. Serious trou
ble is predicted In the Xew Hebrides.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Postmasters
commissioned:; California— William E.
Snell. West Satlcoy. Washington— Oliver
B. Munks. Fidalgo; Harriet S. Mumford,
Salkum. ' .¦• . ,
Pensions issued: California: Original-
Edwin Edwards, Lone Pine, }S. Increase-
Ezra M. Hamilton. Los Angeles, $8. Orig
inal -widow — I.aurinda J. Deepee, Corona,
$8. War with Spain, original— Henry G.
Smith. San Francisco, $3.
Oresron: Original— William F. Lowe,
Portlai.'d. $6. w.;
Washington:- Original — Darius Seeley,
Nar>avlne, $6. . -'^ *¦¦ ;
Senator Perkins' bill providing for the
ftis tillinc of brandy from fruits passed the
Senate to-day.
sions Issued.
Postofflcs Changes and List of Pen-
Light Tall That Does No Damage to
Fruit Trees.
PACIFIC GRQVE, Jan. 25.-There was a
light fall of snow and hail here last night.
No damage to crops or fruit trees is re
ported. „;.-.,'¦
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 23.-Much-needed
rain has been general all over Arizona
registering at a few points less ihan half
an inch Farming, mining and stock graz
ing will be much benefited.
WOODLAND.' Jan. 25.-A cold and vio
lent north wind prevailed to-day It will
prevent the ravages of a killing frost.
SAN" JOSE. 'Jan. 25.— A light showe? fell
this morning, making the total for the
season 14.21 inches. There was a light fall
of pnow.on both sides of the valley it is
cold, the barometer Ib low and another
storm is predicted.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.,. Jan. 25.-Raln com
menced falling here at 7 o'clock last even
ing and continued gently until 10 to-day
about 1.10 Inches falling. This Is the second
rain this winter, and 1b very welcome, as
water has been scarce. The weather is
turning. colder and there is a prospect for
sonw to-night. . . ...
INTERESTS THE COAST.
SNOW AT PACIFIC GROVE.
production in Russia, .India, Egypt -and
As _ia against our cotton and our corn.
e t 8 Pf akt> , r '8 conclusion was that there
™i?,M^ d ??L y the subsidy as a practical
solution of the problem. Said he:
n f «. J are agreed that their m«rchant
SS.ifiL can ,5 e , bullt U P only by bounties. The
t^. pald laBt >•«»¦ by the tflfferent mhrl-
IZLIr, ( atl .°, n £«. w £? * J 6.«X>.<>«> In round number*,
?fSl 5 l * l ' m '°<X> in round numbers by th«
th . ,, .° tBtes - German , statesmen discovered
JlZL ,1 th * en ?P' re . wae nnd a market for It*
?«¦?£ n * surplus it must have its own ships.
AMthln the. East few years the German Gov
ernment has been increasing; directly its sub
sidies and has lent every possible government
encouragement to the enlargement of German
snipyardH and the ! construction and operation
of German steamships. ... .
The result has been that Germany has come
to the fore and taken second rank as a mari
time power, although *he has little coast and
few ports. The building up of the American
Fhlpplng Industry would mean the direct em
ployment or 200.000 men In shipbuilding opera
tions, besides the Immense direct aid that It
would give to all lines of Iron and steel pro
duction In this country. As to the adequacy
of the present measure to meet the require
ments of the case it Is to my mind an fair a
solution of the problem as can be devised at
present. . . . • •
Looking to the remedy for the present
stagnation in the American merchant ma
rine, Depew said the cry of "free, ships".
had Ions ago been discounted. It was not
to be' considered as a remedy, for it* left
out of the question the development of an
American shipbuilding industry. The plan
of discriminating duties, he said, was also
Impracticable. France had -tried it and
was forced to \ repeal - her r law e within \ a
year I No nation would submit to discrim
inating duties without retaliating against
us, and no nation like ours, which is more
of a seller than a buyer; can afford to pro
voke such retaliation and thus stimulate
The farm, the factory and the mine hav«
filled the warehouses and the docks • of our
Atlantic «md Pacific coasts with their contri
butions to, national wealth, employment and th«
happiness of our people and left their trans
portation to Kurope', to Asia, to Africa, to
Bouth America and to Australia, to the greed
6f foreign shipowners, to the protection of
foreign flags and to the hazards of foreign
A g-eneral collision -which. Is often . predicted
In Kuropean newspapers among the great pow
ers of Europe, in the mad haste of .their
navies and armies to outstrip each other in
the acquisition of spheres of Influence in Asia
and Africa, would act upon the United State*,
which might be simply a spectator of the con
flict, as an embargo on our coast. W« would
be shut up within ourselves as absolutely < as
If the navies of the world were blockading our
ports. IJBS3MiaMB»BBMt8MMHflMB|ft^S>yB
"That justice, the public welfare and
the national honor demand the immediate
cessation' of hostilities in the Philippine
Islands upon terms recognizing the inde
pendence of the Filipino people and con
serving and guaranteeing the interests of
the United States." ...
Towne asked that the resolution lie on
uiojj jCputuq jo SujilHSjp sqj 3ujuJ33
-uoo sajmins P^siasu Qql 3Ujpu9Ui« Utja*
uoB8 aouasqB jo oabbi .bXbp uaajjy mijoj
-obj uniJ puts Bi-nuasjB 'epwB.i jCabu 'buoii
-¦bis rBAini am jo saXoidtua ei(i o* Hu\iutbj3
"zuv 's^ianoa W A\m« JO J-iod-qns b nsj[
-qmea ox :smouoj en pessBd bibav sma\
•ii uodn ovBuag eqj ssaappt; pino.*. aij ixau
Xbduok uo }«m 83|iou 9ABS pu« "©iqTn ©q»
fruits so as to include In the list of fruits
cherries and figs.
Consideration of the Indian appropria
tion bill was then resumed. <
An amendment of the committee was
agreed to providing for the payment to
the heirs of General Albert Pike of $73,000
by the Choctaw nation for services ren
dered in the collection, ot about $3,090,000
from the United States.
At 2 o'clock the shipping bill was laid
before the Senate, and Depew was recog
nized to deliver a speech in support of the
measure. • •
Senator Depew besran with a survey of
the country's first century of develop
ment pointing out the immense material
progress that has been mado In agricul
ture and manufactures, how our exports
had grown-to $1,500,000,000 in excess of our
imports and " how the internal lines of
communication had been developed into
the most comprehensive in the world. But
he insisted that the development of the
country had been one-sided. While pre
pared to feed and clothe half of the world
outside the United States, we had devel
oped our transportation service only to
our own coast line, and had allowed our
merchant marine to remain undeveloped,
so that there was actually a greater ton
nage of American, vessels built In this
country for the foreign trade in 1807 than
in 1900. Said Mr. Depew:
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— Senator De- j
pew of New York to-day delivered In the
Senate a forceful and eloquent address in
support of the shipping bill. Little pro
gress was made with the Indian appro
priation bill. The last hour of the Senate
day was consumed in the passage of pri
vate pension bills. *
Towne offered the following Joint reso
lution: .
Says It Means Retaining
of Millions in the
Country. •
DEPEW SPEAKS
ON SUBSIDY BILL
JEREMIAH CURTIN. author and
linguist, was a passenger on the-
China, which arrived In port yester
day. Mr. Curtin is the English
translator of "Quo Vadis" and
other works by the famous Polish author,
and he has himself written several books,
one of the best known of which is "Cre
ative Myths of Primitive America."
Mr. Curtin has > spent the past ten
months in foreign travel, Siberia being his
longest stopping point. His visit to Siberia
was prompted by a desire to study the
habits and beliefs of an odd people that
Inhabit the Amur Valley and western part
of Lake Baikal. They are known as the
Buriats and number about 200,000. They
are a division of the Mongol race and have
preserved the original religion of the Mon
gols to a remarkable extent.
"That is why I have made a study of
these queer people." said Mr. . Curtin, in
relating his travels at the Occidental last
evening. "I spent three months among
them, during which time I collected a
number of sacred stories containing ac
counts, of their religion. I was an eye
witness of the weird horse sacrifice,
which is one of the peculiar features of
their religious beliefs.
"Seven brood mares are procured on a
certain day once every year, and having
been led solemnly into a large arena or
open field sixteen men are selected to at
tend each horse," continued Mr. Curtin.
"First, ropes are tied to all four legs of
"Any statement of the conditions pre
vailing in the islands during the last six
months which ignores the effect of the
American election as a controlling element
in the situation is necessarily inadequate.
Since the result was announced there has
been a great decrease in insurgent activ
ity. The tntenseet Interest was felt by the
insurgents before the election in the issue
and the intensest disappointment since,
which win certainly effect the collapse of
the insurrection in the near future. From
now on conditions in \hese islands will
grow steadily better." ¦ .
In Southern Luzon the conditions have
Improved in the ; provinces of Cavite,
Batangas and Lnguna during the last
month. The province of Tayabas is
peaceful. In the Camarines and Albey
the conditions are not so satisfactory, but
they are growing better. In the Vlsay
ar.c and Mindanao the conditions are much
the same a* reported August except
that in Leyte much improvement has
been made. The report adds:
"From all the information we can get,
it seems clear that a great majority of the
people long for peace and are entirely
willing to accept the establishment of a
fovernment under the supremacy of the
'nited States. They are, however, re
strained by fear from taking any action
to assist in the suppression of the insur
rection. Any one suspected of giving in
formation to the Americans concerning
the insurgents is Immediately marked for
assassination. The ramifications of the
conspiracy are so wide that it has effected
the terrorism of an entire people. " It is
a Matta «n a very large scale."
The report itself is. a very voluminous
production, divided into many heads, ex
hibiting the progress made by the com
mission in carrying out its plans for the
Americanization of the Islands. A par
ticularly Interesting section of the report,
introducing the whole of the Philippine
questions, deals with military and politi
cal conditions, the effect of the American
elections and legislative procedure and
acts. The commission says that examina
tions of many witnesses a* to the form of
government best adapted to these islands
and satisfactory to the people show ,1'that
the masses of the people are ignorant,
credulous and childlike and that under
any government the electoral franchise
must be much limited, because the large
majority will not, for a long time, be cap
able of intelligently exercising it.
Since -writing: you about 3000 insurgents in
IIocob None have surrendered and about 10,000
persons who were not well affected toward us
in Panay have taken the oath of allegiance.
I have already received two papers from na
tive priests, eighteen In number, and I am
told that there will be a rreat many other
papers signed by more native priests tendering
their allegiance to the United States and prom
ising- fidelity without mental reserve. Th*
native priests are those who have held out
longest in favcr of the insurgents and against
the Americans, and I deem this action as of
great Importance. The army is hitting small
but hard knocks against the insurgents every
where. Since the election there has been a
trreat falling:" off in ¦ the activity of, the in
surgents in aggressiveness.
A personal letter received by me from
Judge Taft. dated December 14, 1900, Bays:
Secretary Root's letter of transmlttal.
dated January 24, addressed to the Presi
dent, says:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The President
to-day transmitted to» the Senate a report
of the Secretary of War, inclosing the re
port of the Taft Philippine Commission.
In his message of transmlttal the Presi
dent says the report includes not only the
report of the commission, but its acts of
legislation and other important informa
tion relating to the wants of the Philip
pines. Concluding, the President says:
"I earnestly recommend legislation un
der which the government of the Islands
may have authority to assist in their
peaceful industrial development In the di
rections indicated by the Secretary of
War."
Insurgents Disappointed at
the Result of the
Election.
MARKED PROGRESS
IN PHILIPPINES
The conference report was adopted. 183
to 100. Two Democrats. Clayton of New
York and Livingston of Georgia, voted for
the report.
consideration of the naval appropriation
bill was resumed.
Rlxey of Virginia moved to recommit
the bill, with instructions to strike out the
provisions for the Increase of the navy
(two battleships and two cruisers). It was
defeated. 42 to 132.
The bill v.as then passed.
The House then took up private pension
bills. Mattrrs ran along smoothly until
n bill was reported to remove the charge
of dosTtion against a soldier.
Talbert of South Carolina declared that
it was an outrage that men who deserted
their flajf should have their records
cleared. While all bills for the removal
of the charge ol desertion contained a
provision that no pay or emolument
i-hould accrue en account of its passage,
he paid the provision was practically a
dead letter. He served notice that if he
could prevent it no other bill to remove
the charge of .desertion should pass bo
long es h« was a member of the House.
Seventy-e^ven pension bills were passed.
At 5:05 p. m. the House adjourned.
"No." replied Richardson. "I would not
vrte for the bill." (Democratic applause »
Hay of Virginia resented indignantly
Richardson's ttatemer.t that the report
would pive the President the power to In
crease the army from SS.OIO to 100,000 men
and took the minority leader severely to
task for refusing to Join in a fight for a
temporary army when the bill was origin
ally before the House.
"The report empowers the President to
l nc^?r^ tho \\ anain * army from 58.000
to JOO.ofw men." replied Richardson. "If
that provision were out also "
"That Is not a categorical response "
observed Cannon. '
"If that provision were out of the bill."
interpiwd Cannon of Illinois, "would the
ppntleman vote for it?"
"Not here." replied Hull, "but it has
been outrageously delayed in the Congress
of th« i;nit«i States. Thirty-five thou
sand volunteers are ready to be shipped j
home, and they must be replaced by July !
1 by soldiers of the regular establishment
¦unless we are willing to do a great in
justice to tht-m by holding them there."
Proceeding. Hull explained in detail the
corcessions of the two housrs on the vari
ous items. In the course of his statement
he had a sharp exchange with Ttichard
fon. He made a strong appeal to both
sides of the House in favor of the pro
visions to retire General Shafter as a
major general end Generals Lee and Wil
son as brigadier generals, which the
House had stricken out.
He paid a high tribute to Generals Lee
find \V1!srn nnd passed a slowing eulogv
upon General Shafter, whose Santiago
campaign, he declared, would pare into
history as one of the greatest planned and
fought 5n any age.
Hull was closely questioned about vari
ous featurep of the conference report • In
reply to Adams cf Pennsylvania he said
The House conferees had made very little
effort to retain the House provision for a
veterinary corps. Adams insisted that the
Honce conferees should have stood bv the
H"U!»*> jirovlsion.
Hull declined to yield the floor to Ad
ams, but yielded six minutes to Rlchard
*nn of Tennessee, who desired to obtain
T^e floor in hrs own right. Richardson
paid that several questions upon which'
The House ha1 solemnly declared itself
hafl been yielded by the House conferees.
To vote for the report would now mean
to vote to increase the list of officers upon
th*- retired li-=t. to which he was unalter
ably opposed.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 25— The House to-
Cay adopted the conference report upon
thf army reorganization bill. The con
test ov*>r it was brief, Hull, chairman of
The Military Affairs Committee, prevent
ing long debate. The debate was chiefly
r.otable for a short exchange between
Richardson, the minority leader, and Hay
<D.) of Virginia, a member of the confer
ence committee, ¦who reproached the
Democratic loader for not making a fight
for a temporary army when the bill was
rrlginally befort he House. The naval
appropriation biU was finally pased to-day
and also seventy-seven private pension
bins.
Chairman Hull of the Committee on
Military Affairs, submitted to the House
the report or the army reorganization bill.
Richardson of Tennessee, the minority
leader, requested that the report be al
lowed to lie over until to-morrow. It had
not been printed, he said, and members
should have an opportunity to examine It.
Hull would not agree to this. He Bald
the confprf-nce had been full and fair in
the presence of the minority representa
tives, and while they did not agree to the
principles of an increase of the standing
army, they had agreed to the result. The
army bill, he paid, should have been a law
three weeks ago. It had been held up.
"It ha* not been held up here," observed
Richardson.
Owing to Hull's Manipula
tion the Contest Is
Brief.
HOUSE PASSES
THE ARMY BILL
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901.
Bright Future for This City Predieted by Jeremiah Curtin,
Author and Linguist, Who Arrives Here After an Ex
tended Visit Among a Queer People of Mongol Ancestry
COMPLETION OF SIBERIAN RAILROAD
WILL BENEFIT COMMERCE
RUSSIAN PORTS AND SAN FRANCISCO
9
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIV TORS. 80UTHAXPTCN. LONDON. FABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. -. -.;.'
From New York Ever*- "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York.' Feb. (iN'ew York Feb. 17
Kensington Feb. V. Vad>rland ....March «
Bt. Louis Feb. 201 St. Lculs March 13
RED STAR LINE.
Now -York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ...Feb. «jFrles!and Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 131 Southwark ...March «
Noordland ......Feb. 201 Westernland.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
CHAS D. TAYLOR,
General Airent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
PANAMA R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails Juuarj 29.
S. S. RQANOKE sails Fe'inian 19...
From wharf, foot of Fremont st., at 2 p. m.
Freight and pasaenser office. MO Market st.
- F. F. CONNOR. Pacific- Coast Agent.
PACITIC STEAH HA7I3ATI05 CO. AND
COMPANIA SUD AMERICANA DS VAP03S3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From foot of F-re-
mont street. SalUn*;: _
S. S. GUATEMALA February 7. 1901
$ S. PALENA February ». 1901
S. S. COLOMBIA March 7. 1*U
S. 8. TUCAPEL March M. 19<U
These steamers are bnllt expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No chanse at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passencer office. 318 California street.
= /DALFOUR. GUTimiE & CO.. Agent.o.
•CCJMPAG5JB GSStBALB . TKA53ATLASTIQrjX.
DIRECT'LINn TO HAVRE-PARIS. IK&Wgt
Fallln«r every ThursJ.iy, Irs'^art of JS^JJmI
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pl»r 42. J^** ™*»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. »55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. J45 and Upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. K
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FITOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. Han Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAT AND SIVEB STE A "Mr/US.
~F0!UUv NAVY YARD AWVALLEIO. "•
MOS.. Tuwrf.-^Ved.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:C
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (<jx- Thurs. nJcht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and offle<». Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main UK.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1" 8 A GREAT iRESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most - wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic > for ih« Sexual Orxans. for both sejees.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney*, and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
• NABER. ALTS & BRUNE. Agents.
tSi Market «t.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
- - ¦ ¦ - - 4
1^] Standard rem«d> for Gleet. >*— >^
%.^* r j| <¦¦ Gonorrhoea and Runnings /mi*w 1
IN 48 HOURS. Cure$ Kid- iflulJT J
¦^^ ney and Bladder Troubles. \^S
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• v Steamers leave Broadway
h>v, wharf. San . Francisco.
Mg>h For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
B^^fek Jan. 25. 81, Ffb. 3. Change to
reffigw\*>7>v company's st'pamers at Soattlf .
1^ PrS\lA^ **or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
RgS>ScW 'Ml 9 C). Port Townsend. P^attl*.
B^SkSpSf^^ Tacoma. Everett. Anncorfa
f • and *»* w Wbatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., Jan. 2S. 31. Feb. 5.
¦ - and *very fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle for this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. By.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. By.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Br- ' t «.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan. ZS,
Feb. 1 and every fifth day thereafter.
For 9an Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lo» Aniceles and Bedondo <Los An-
gefes)— steamer Queen. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Ro«a. Sundays. S a. . m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uecs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblepo). Garl-
ota Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro . (Los Angelea) and
Newport— Steamer Corona, Frtdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m. .
For Knsennda. Mardalena nay. San Jose del
Cftbo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and G-jayma» (Mex.)— 10 a.m.v "th each month.
Tor. . further Information obtain company's
folders • - -
The company reserves the-rlitht to- change
steamers, salllnir dates . and hours of sailing,
without • previous notice.
TICKTCT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKBKIXS & CO.. Hen. A«ts.,
' 1» Market st.. San Francisco.
the" oTiiri s. Io7~"
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:e? o :r, t !_, .a. isr r>
From F.near-ntreet Wharf at 11, a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
I Atir $3 Second Class: . arjd Meals.
GEO. W. ELOF.R Sail."....".... — .Jan. 2S
COLUMHIA Sails *...'. Feb. 2
Short Line to Walla Walla,. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and . All' polnta';in tne Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. •
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
, , «30 Market st._
TOYO KISEN KAISHA;
STEAMERS WILt. I.EAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Plrtt and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKON'O. caJUa* at
Kob« (Klogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai. /and
connecting at ,-Honskorig .with • steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. : ... '
BS. NIPPON MARU
¦ I..;.,..:..- Tuesday. February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.'.. .-Friday. March 15. 1901
Round-trip tickets a.t- reduced •- rates.. > Far
freUht and passage apply at company's omce.
421 Market street, corner First. V- 4 . *,
' W. H. A VERY.. General. 'Agent.
AAHnnlA f 6 i» A ' HAWAII. SAMOA, HEW
SS. MARIPOSA' (Honolulu 'only).'. ."..:."....¦...
. ..." Saturday, February 2. 2. p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA. . for Tahiti. .;.... ....;,....v
..Friday. February 8." 4 o. a.
SS.' VENTURAS for Honolulu, ¦ Samoai Xew
- Zealand and .Australia.'...........'........;.
• -,.' .- -Wednesday. ' February IS. at 9 p. m.
i. D. SPRECKEIS & BBOS. CO., Bsneral Agents. 327 Kartet St
Szn'l Fasssnosr Otfia, 643 Httta St.; Piir k 7, Pactfis SI
KfKMfRl INF^r T A H viA^iSn,
RUOfflUOLlnE^OR^Ton,
Monthly calling for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports; Centra K South America.' etc.
SESOSTRIS SAILS A BOUT,' February 5.' 19C1. ,
J. D. SPBECXELS k BSOS. CO., 6uml Agents. 127 Harkst St
Ben'! Passsnsir Offia, (43 Market St., fief Ho. 7, PaciS: St
iJ,O'BRIEN&CO|
I WILL i FLACE Of SALE ' I
? 1 I— I 1 1 A Xf i
1 1 rii^ jl//\y jj
;; The Following Remarkable Bargains : $
!: HEAVY. FRENCH CLOTH, 58 inches wide, value for |
X $1.50, sale price'.. ........... .................... ...75c ±
" SCQTCH TWEED, 56 .inches wide, value for $1.00, sale j;
t price . f . . . . ...;... . .r. .... : . . . . V . :¦ 'i'v..'. ...V.;. ... 35c f|
;;a ALL-WOOL PLAIDS, 52 inches wide, value for $1.50, *j
;; sale price ................ ........................ ..50c ±
I! SPECIAL PURCHASE — PLUSH JACKETS, neatly!:
!! trimmed with fur, value for $15.00, sale price .... $7.50 I!
; ; 100 BROADCLOTH TAILOR-MADE JACKETS; neat- •;
;; ly lined, worth $5.00, will be offered at ....... ... .$2.00 ]•
:: LADIES' SILK WAISTS; value for $3.5d, sale price. . . . .. |
"• .....:........ /.i. ........... .^. ....... $200 ¦'••
:; LADIES' WRAPPERS, value for $2.00, sale price. . . ..... j
I ........ .^^
• ' Ladies will do well to call and make selections before -^.
• • sizes are broken. " \ " . . ..,' \ '.'_.', \/Y.
; ; Suits Made to Order. Perfect Fit Guaranteed, r
iJ.0'BRIEN4C0v!
I 1146 Market St. I
t^¦H^^¦^¦H¦¦I¦¦^¦^¦i¦¦^^^¦^^^¦i^¦^^^^^I¦.!¦¦t l ¦I^¦l -^
For a Cold in the Head.
LaxcUve Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. *
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND. _ _;
NOTH NG BUT TRUTH.
i«U 1 Ml HIM fJ%J I I IIU I III
Hundreds of Clergymen Praise Paine's
Phlarii Pnmnminrt
ueiery uompuiiiiu.
When, several years ago. New York's The Rev. Thoma3 A. Uzzell, pastor of
great- Presbyterian minister made the the People's Tabernacle Congre«rational
public statement that it was due td the Church of Denver. Colo., whose portrait
use of Paine's celery con^ound'that. after J^^ fctufjf A^TclVy 5£!
a winter of exhausting work, he was- able pound and am much please d with its ef-
to carry on his duties through the ener- feet. My extreme nervousness has been
vailrig springtime with unusual ease and diminished, my appetite increased, sweet
comfort— sleep to a great extent restored. I shall
And- when; a little later, the learned contl "" e lts , use '' .. , .. .
_, . . . . _ ,, tn v. tTi u ..i And here Is a letter from the pastor of
Bishop ot Burlington. Bishop Mlchaud. tfae CurtJg Bay Bapt , gt church> e moat
published an indorsement of this great influential church in South Baltimore, the
remedy. 'saying:' "Hoping that my words Rg V . William T. Bailey: "Gentlemen— I
may insDire those readers who need propose to do what I can to let people
health and strength with faith to try know of your Paine's celery compound.
Paine's celery compound and prove to the remedy that has done me so much
* , .. ' ,£„• good. For six years my wife was an in-
themselves Its worth - va , m Mftny doctors have flr9t and last
When, about the same time, the public attended her, but one bottle of Pafne's
statement was made by the superintend- celery compound has done her more good
ent of the largest Woman's Christian As- than the other remedies. I have myself
sociation in the country that "those who taken the compound and been Immensely
have been taking Paine's celery compound benefited. I have given money to many
are greatly benefited and desire to con- poor people In my church to purchase the
tinue its use" — '. compound. You may use my name if you
When the "Rev. J.'G. Laird of London, wish, and I .win with pleasure answer all
Ont., who wrote to the proprietors that. Inquiries. I believe Paine's celery com-
If he had only known Paine's celery com- pound lsvthe best remedy In the world."
pound when he was first afflicted with The Rev. A. K. Sanford. pastor of the
nervo'ushess, he would never -have been Thirty-fifth Street M. E. Church. New
placed on the list of retired ministers— York City r says: "Paine's celery coin-
When these and hundreds of other un- pound restored my health."
solicited testimonials have . come from The Rev. H. J. Granlienard. pastor of
ministers of every denomination; there is. the French ,. Presbyterian Church. New
no shadow of a question of the sincere re- York City, says: "I have frequently been
gard in which this greatest of all* remedies relieved of nervous affections by Palne'3
for blcod and nerves !s held by those who celery compound.'*
have used it. ., .' The lesson to be learned Is plain. At-
Zealous work, with no thought .of their tend to your health and that of your fam-
heclth or nerves, causes' the retirement ily. Take no chances of miraculous re-
of a large number of clergymen every covery wlyen your nerves begin to show
year. ' ' . . ~ signs of breakdown.
It is possible, however, to work hard and Paine's celery compound, which is
yet keep well. if. one will but pay the within the reach of every family where
proper attention to the benefits to be de- there is an afflicted member, cures rapidly
rived from Paine's celery, "compound. and permanently.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ _,,.,---.--' "~ ¦¦¦- — ---¦ ¦—--., ,-,.-,,,¦ .,-,.-Yr-un_rT^r>_ri^_r»ui-^^
Made from the choicest #^ftir i ~« k 'T^^V
fruits and grains grown, in / 1
California. I CEREAL]
¦ The most wholesome \ <! r l^t«r»tr i cir S
, .. \ . r Yi-.OrFEEy
and nutntious substitute for f
coffee and tea. -..¦^bi^^
Delicious flavor.
. . Free samples can be ob-
'^^^ j&o^^^ tained of any grocer in the
M v ft/0 \ cilv ' Ask for one>
J rrillX 1 Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only.
V 4*U / / A LL GROCERS SELL,
X^Cir&itoS^ Figprune Cereal.LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
•NEW YORK, Jan. 25. — Bradstreet'¦"to-mor
row will say: Despite . some Irregularities , in
reports' from different; sections and Industries,
trade as ' a' whole. is of satisfactory volume, for.
this time of j-ear. Relatively the best reports
come from the Pacific Coast, the ] South and
the Southwest, where spring demand 13 1 open
ing well. Unseasonable . weather In . some sec
tions, •: notably, ,the. East,, has. been .a, bar.'to
activity, in retail trade, but' taken as a whole
the trade 'situation ; has-V many points: of
strength. .; Special | activity,- Tias* j been J rioted g in
some branches of the > iron trade and sentiment
has been | on the whole helped by a clearer
view of the possibilities contained * In the re
cent, "war. talk." The, : quieting ; down of» bus
iness abroad naturally points * to ' some diminu
tion of our export trade In ' the : cruder ¦ forms
of Iron and steel, copper 'and lumber, but for
finished ! products "of: these 'and other.' staples,
the outlook U declared to be : 6tlir satisfactory.
Speculation Is limited in 'nearly all lines, of
produce and in stocks, and it is probable that
clearings returns atv present" give ~ ¦a,*, clearer
idea of actual, business^ than for three 'months
past. Prices show few Important changes;ithe
cereals , being slightly ' higher, ¦ while hog , pro
ducts and ' coffee • are lower, -, with dairy .pro
ducts weak. The general > range • of ¦ other ; val
ues Is • on '; the whole ; steady, .*¦ although s some
shading In the! higher grades of '¦, wool has *. oc
curred. , In; finished- Mron products, .'Chicago
notes sa les of ; 50,000 '.tons at ¦ rails ; at :"old t quo
tations and that total sales for; the season are
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— May wheat opened H0
He higher* at 75H@75%c and I sold early at 75Tdo
on a rather quiet market. .Higher cables, light
Argentine shipments, moderate Northwest re
ceipts and a report that wheat in the La Plata
provinces was- In a 1 , very bad condition were
the factors. Moderate amounts ¦ were sold on
the , bulge, S and a , reaction ' to ' 75^@75%c took
place.. Later. foreigners were reported buyers;
outside markets were ' strong both for future*
and snot and primary receipts showed a de
cided falling off. There' was good buying by
commission* houses : and prominent professional
bulls. This buying. spread regret among the
bears for the early sales and the buying pres
sure" caused' a rally tc 76*4C shortly after noon.
Acting on -the theory that • It is . time to sell
when the market touched -76c some bears as
serted themselves and forced May back to 75%c.
Their offerings were so quickly taken and more
asked for that near the end of the session a
sharp advance from this price to 77c took place,
and the close was strong. May 1%@1%c , higher^
at 76%®77c. . ; . - , S
.Com .was only moderately active. There j-ras
only a fair shipping demand. Local JBulIs
showed -a desire to keep the price /njfwhat
they call '"new ground.'.' and. in this fntfy were
assisted most by wheat strength. altljo.UKh light
coverings and light receipts were obntributory
factors. May closed %c over yesterday at 39Vk.
On the bulge selling was heavier "than It had
been-before. but it was well met. ..
, *,Oats, were fairly; active and. strong In sym
pathy,with wheat, following an opening which
was a shade easier on selling by elevator peo
ple against' country, purchases. .-May closed at
25%c. ¦-* " - ' '-' '. - '.! ' ¦ : '
- Provisions were moderately active. . The
opening was In ¦ sympathy with a lower hog
market, but the good cash demand . which
sprang vv> later and' sympathy with the wheat
strength pulled prices out of the hole and
caused' an advance: • May pork* closed 'lzvic
higher; May lard 5c up and May. ribs a shade
higher. ¦ _- \ , -,'. ;...,. ¦ ... \ .-. \
\ The ¦ leading" futures ranged as follows:
"Cash -quotations were as follows: -Flour, dull
andi'unchanited; is No. '3 .spring wheat, 6T>@73c;
No:! 2 ' red. ' 75^4c ; ' No. ' 2 corn, n 37%c : No. 2 yel
low,. 3S%ic ; No. . 2 ¦ oats." 24%«f 24%c : No. 2 wh lte.
27Vsc: No.-3 white. 26%(?727Hc; No. 2 rye. ,51@
Kl\4c: .' fair • to .choice- malting barley, •• bor@58c:
No.l flaxseed. |1 75; prime timothy seed, $4 CO;
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
Much Irregularity has been 'seen In the
course of the: market this Week and ¦ specula
tion was uncertain and variable In its tend
encies. On last Saturday and Monday the
chief influence was the expected death of
Queen Victoria, which - induced heavy nelllng
In the London market and caused foreign hold
ers to part with a considerable amount of
American securities. This, the
t'.rsettled feeling of last week.- about Indus
trials and the liquidation In the railroad share
list, led to ; further concessions in prices and
to a decided reduction in the volume of out
side participation In the market. On Tues
(5.?y, however, there was ' a decided- rally In
prices, due partly to the feeling that the death
of the Queen had been . fully, . perhaps ejecea
ofvely. discounted at London. Tha covering
of shorts was on an extensive scale, though
tho steel stocks were .again, subjected to a
certain amount of pressure. On the ensuing
day strength continued In the early transac
tions, followed, .however, by renewed Belling
and finally- by a rally which lasted until the
end of the first hour's trading on Thursday.
Dullness, however, supervened and the market
hung heavily until the af tef noon. ¦ .when : bear
ish Interests became more < active and suc
ceeded In forcing down prices throughout the
active list. The opening .on Friday, was: weak,
In sympathy with lower prices In London, but
support was once more shown In various parts
.if the list and short- covering in j various | di
rections also set ¦ in,- ¦ resulting In a moderate
demand -at the close.
H -' — *
• NEW*TORK. Jan. 23.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow .will say:- \ '¦'¦•¦;¦*'.
Bradstreet f s Financial' Review.
On the mornlna; session of the- Bond Czchangs
there were sales of California Fruit Canneries
at $106 and of California "Wine Association at
I1C0. Hana Sugar advanced to $3. Business
was very srood. jfV-'
In the afternoon the feeling was generally
firm, but prices showed little variation.
On the morning session of th« Oil Exehann
San Joaquln was firmer again at $12 sot? 13.
Otherwise there was no marked change, though
sales were free. There was nothing new in the
afternoon.
Kx-dlvtdend yesterday: Hawaiian Commer
cial. 50c; Makawell Sugar. 40c; Homestake Min
ing Co.. 50c. in two dividends, aggregating
I106.0CO. -*.;
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company ha*
declared the usual quarterly dividend of 37>4o
per share, amounting to 175,000, payable on the
2Sth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRII'AY. Jan. 25— J p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. r - Bid. Ask.
4s ouar eoup-.m^lUH .4s do cp 0iew)137»il£-i**
4s do reg......ll3Hl"% 3» <*> coup 110H1US
MISCELLAN20US BONDS.
*6aV Co PCo5s.l05 .- Oak Water 5a. 101X103
Cal-st Cab 59.119 — °c-Jan lc , SS 5s. — 109
CC Water 58.106 - Om C Ry 6s ...123 —
Ed L * P S9..U1 133 Pac O Imp 4S..10O —
F & Cl Ry S3.114H - P & Cl Ry 6S..105 -
Geary-st R 5s. -• - P&ORRJj.- -
HCft S 5Hs.l«8^ — Powell-st R 8S.12Q4 —
Do Ss ...:.- 104H — Sac E GAR 5s. — 99H
LA R 5s l" 1 * — • S F & SJV 5S.120 —
LALC06S... — — S R Of Cal 63. UO — „
Do gntd 69... - 10* S P R of A «s.no% — J
Dots - - IS PC 6a (1305,
L A P R R 5s.iom — Series A) 109tJ —
Market Cab 6s. 12* — Do (Series B)U0** —
Do 1st M 69.123 — Do (ISO*) 112% —
1 C N G R 7s. — 113^ Do (1912) 121% —
N R of Cal 69.112 — 5 P R 1st K 5s. 107 1CSH
Do 5s 120 — SPBRCh.HlH-
N P C R R 63-101>4 — S V "Water 8s. 114% —
Do ss 108li — , Do 4s 104 105
N Cal Ry 5s. ..110% — DoM mtg...l02 —
O O L & 58.110*; — iStktn Gas 6s...lO3 —
Oak Tran «s...U4 — I
WATER STOCKS. -
Contra Ccsta.. «<»% 70^ij Sprints Valley. 92% 92H
Marln County. 52 — '
GAS AND ST.ECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pac L Cc ....'. 43 —
Kqult G L Co. 2% 3 Sac E GARCo. — • 5714
Mutual El Co. «>, I S F O & E.... 4.V, 4S
O G L & H... — 50i4 Fan Frnnclsco. 4»» i%
Pac Gas Imp v 44*4 43\i Stktn O A E.. — U
INSURANCE STOCKS. ,
Flrem's Kund..232 — I
BANK STOCK3.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 71 — \ton P& A ....143 —
Bank of Cal... 410 — Merchants Ex IS —
Cal S D & T.-lOS'-ilCe S F Nat Bnk..l20 12S
First • National — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 15^0 | Sav & -^ So-— — —
Hum SAL.... Sec Say Bnk.. 273 -
Mut Sav Bnk.. 30 — Lnlon T.Co... - —
9 F Say U 510 —. •
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 135 - OS L A H.... 41 -
G*-ary-st » 47H — Presidio ~ 17% 20
aiarket-st 6**" 1 * —
POWDER STOCK&
California 150^ - . IVlgorlt Vfr V£
Giant Con Co.. 82% S3^l
i SVOAR- STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 8% 8"«4 Kilauea S Co.. J1H 2V1
Haw C A S Co — . ¦ 89H Makawell 9 Co 42'i —
Honokaa S Co. 31 32 Onomea S Co.. H^ 2S4
Hutch S P Co. 28^i — . Paauhau S Co. 32 —
J " Contixmsd on Pagfe Thirte€3X.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 63 days — ,* . $4 81%
SterllnK Exchange, sight... — 4 88V&
Sterling Cables ...' — 4 89"^
New York Exchange, sight : — -17^4
Nrw Vnrk Exchange, telegraphic — . .22Vi
•Fine Silver, per ounce............ — 62
Mexican Dollars, nominal - 60% 9 '¦ W*
W heat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firmer, with more
inquiry, principally owing to the bullish news
irom the Argentine, but Paris was weak. New
York advanced. United 'States Consul Swalm
rt ports that the Argentine surplus will not -be
over half of last year's. The crop in the River
Platte provinces is bad. both in the Argentine
and Uruguay. On the Argentine side .there Is
lot over 13'4 bushels to the 2.47 acres, while
11 Is doubtful whether "Crusuay will nave
enough wheat for home consumption. Argen
tine .shipments since January - 1 are 1.630.000
bushels, against 2,278,000 during the same time
lest year. . .
Chicago opened firmer. In sympathy with the
other markets, with increased speculation and
: foreigners buying freely, though there was con
siderable realizing at the advance. The com
mission houses all had buying orders, the pit
was full of operators and it looked like old
tli-nes again. In view of the bullish news from
tl:e Argentine the bears- -were very quiet. The
Northwest bought freely and there was a large
export demand. at St. Louis.
The local market was. higher, both on and
of: call. ¦ - . - ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98?ic; milling, $1®1 05
per ctl. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 "o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 Ci; 60CO. $1 04%: 60CO. $1 04V, December—
4CC0, 11 08%. .- --•¦=¦> '
Second Session — No pales. ¦
'Regular Morning- Session — May— 2000 ctls,
$1 0M4;-12.COO. ?1 0S%; 23,000, ?1 Oo'/i; December
¦yfCOO. Jl 09%. . * I
W Afternoon Session — December— 8000 ctls, $1 09H;
May— GCCO, $1 0CV4. - ' '
BARLEY— Still higher quotations rule for
the best grades and offerings are moderate.
The .-feeling is healthy.-
Feed, 76V4« for choice bright. 73%"?73c for No.
1 and 704f72*V4c for off -grades: Brewing- and
Shipping ¦ grades. S0SS2*Vic; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL i BOARD SALES, j ¦
Informal : Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
' Second Sfsslon — No sales..- * - ¦..-¦•
* Regulan Morning Session — No sales. «:'.
'Afternoon Session — May — 4CQ0 ctls, 73Hc; De
cember—2000, 71Hc. .•¦-'.*.• ..-¦-. - > '
OATS— Another shipment of SCO ctls of East
ern Oats 'Is here, in transit for Honolulu, and
there j are still more to come, according to re
port bn-'Chanere. ¦ • • - - . , '
The market continues firm at previous prices,
¦with a fair local demand. White. «31 30^1 50;
Surprise, -nominal; Red. $1 25'Sl 40 for Feed
and 51 35@1 45 for Seed;- Gray., nominal: B'.ack.
fcr Feed. *1 17Vz@l 20; for Seed, $1 2Z(gl 30 per
ctl.- - * ; . -•¦' - '"-:>¦ '.: '>¦' ¦¦•¦¦ ¦ r - ¦; - ¦ ¦
CORN— Is steady at : the advance already
noted. - - ¦ - . - •, . ¦ ••
Yellow.. ?1 13; White, $1 13; Eastern mixed.
Jl 12^4 per ctl. \ .
IiYE- 85@S7Vic per ctl.~
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 85 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. .
? FLOUR— California Family , Extras. $3 25@
3 E0, usual terms; .Bakers', "Extras. $3 15©5 25.
Oregon, : $2 75!@2 S5 i per barrel ' for family r and
12 7S©S for bakers'; Washington, -bakers', |2 7j
03. - ,• ---^ • - -¦ ¦, .- * , : - .-, •-..»-.:,:,•
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in . sacks are <as V fol
lows,. usual discount te» the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye I Flour., $2 75; I Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. « 75;
extra cream do, |3 50; Oat Groats, »1 50; Hom
iny,' $ 3 S 0^ 3 7 »5 Buckwheat Flour, ; $4-34 2j
Cracked Wheat. 13 BO; Farina, - : U 60; Whole
Wheat: Flour.", |3 25: Rolled Oats ; (barrels) $8*5
7 25; in sacks. *5 7."Q7: Pearl • Bnrley. *5; Sollt
Peus, »5; Green Peas, $5 50' per ICO lbs.". • • ¦ '
Hay and ¦ Feedstuff s.] . •
Grain Hay Is « quoted •_ steady, ; but Volunteer
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— Prices traversed a
considerable range to-day from the lowest to
the top level, covering one point for a large
nurr.ber of nock? and ranging from 2 to about
Z'tt for (pome cf the most prominent and most
act-ve in the list. The number of stocks
which at any time got a point away from
last night'i- level in either direction was small,
however. The early decline In prices was as
sisted by London's disposition to **U American
stocks, which had established gains ranging
up to nearly a ooint in some of the American
storks twfore the opening. The New York
market cj>enp<l depressed in sympathy and
weaknefs was rather acute in some cases
notably in £t. Paul and Brooklyn Transit.
These rtecks later in the day led the advance
to tJ-.eir extreme range xu wide. St. Paul
rising aS from the lo»e« and closing at the
top. while Rrooklyn Transit advanced an ex
treme 2%. This morning's decline, «comlng on
top of that of yerterday, invited some buying
to supi>ort prices, and the market hardened
promptly after the opening dip. The move
ment was exceedingly desultory and there
wcr* frequent reactions during the day. When
ever cr-t-oulatlve support was withdrawn, in
fact. r>rie«*s were inclined to slip back. The
most notable movement of the «Iay was that
of the South west ems, which followed a show
of firmness for several days past In Kansds
end Texas jirfferrPd. There was also heavy
*bf.orrtion of the bonds of the St. Louis South
western ComiKinj* and the Missouri, Kansas
and Texas Comjiar.y this morning before the
rise In the stocks was Inaugurated. The ad
vance in the group reached FA In Missouri,
Kansas and Texas preferred. 2\^ In the com
mon ami about 2 points each in the St. Louis
Southwestern Ftock«. Wabash preferred, Texas
and Pacific and Missouri Pacific. There was
no news to explain the rise beyond the favor- !
alile showing of parninfts for several members
<A the group, which were published during the j
day anl which made them available for ma
r.lpulcticn by a speculative trade. There were
renewed rumors also of the lately talked of
consolidation of Southwestern roads. The eteej-.
«=tocks were Inclined to strength all day and '
show good net pains. Sugar showed decided
Improvement. Northern Pacific ro,"* a hartf
from the early depression and there were a
number of les* prominent railroads which
phowf-d good recoveries. The gains were not
well maintained and the closlnz was below
the best except in a few «ock» < notably St
Paul and the Scuthwcsterns. Brooklyn Tran
eit was feverish all day and broke Rharply
after a considerable advance when the list
nf efflews elected by the stockholders was pub
lishc-1. a* it falleU to show the presence of the
Metropolitan Street Railway Interests in the
new directory which have been much promised
in fff.ll street cosslp. The most notable feat
rre of the day's market was the decided de
cline !n activity from the recent high level
and the necessity for persistent manipulation
*.o eecure a movement of prices. This Is the
natural result of the large elimination of snec
•jlative accounts from the market. The mar
ket has drifted flurini the week more and more
into professional hands. The preliminary fie
ure* of the week's movement of cash insures
annthpr pain to be shown In to-morrow's bank
statement, which probably will reach over
W.OOO.OOO on account of the direct express move
ment from the Interior and in spite of- the
gold export of J4.ono.oon. which almost entirely
wiped out the pains by the banks on Hub-
Treasury rperatlons.
The larre demand for St. Louis Southwestern
B«conds was the inception of an active buying
movement of bonds of all the Gould South
westerns at notable advances In price. The
market was quiet, but firm. Total sales
55,r2S.C00. United States 3« coupons advanced %!
t NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
F J? :Jre " ,. , Closing
Sold. Ftcck— Bj,} 6
13.4C0 Atchison <5U
i;.4C0 Atchison prefd .' gi-if'
17.10© Baltimore & Ohio ' g7
O.nadicn Pacific »...; 88'A
300 Canada Southern £$£
2.000 Chesapeake & Ohio........... 33
2,1<1O Chicago Great Western . ...... 17%
T.iOO Chicago, Burlinffton & Qulncy 142H
..*..,:. fhloaso, Ind &. Louisville....;.- .-... 24.
• !W Chicago, Ind & Louisville 'prerd..... 60
Chicago & K-Mtern Illinois...... 82tf
..' t'hicaeo & Northwestern.:. .....170
H.4f>n «*nilca»f>. Uock Island. &. Pacific. 119^
2.700 C C C & St Louts 74H
New York Stock Market.
WHEAT- Receipts; 151,000 bushels; exports,
13S.0O0 bushels. Spot'market strong: Xo. 2 red,
S2c f. o. b. afloat; No." 2 red, 73%c elevator; No.
1. Northern Duluth, SSc f.'o..b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth, J>H»c f. o. b. afloat. Option^ dis
played stren*?th and fair activity all day.' Bulls
were stimulated by small Argentine shipments,
better flour demand In the Northwest, higher
cables, light Northwest receipts and a broaden
ing speculative trade. Closed strong l^i^-l^c
net advance. January closed 81c; March, SO-^i
@81Vic, closed Sl',4c; May, 80 7-16@Sl 9-16C, closed
81\4c; July, SWic closed SIVic. •
HOPS-Quiet. •
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, T%o:
mild, dull; Cordova, S@12V4c. Futures closed
quiet, unchanged to 5 points lower. Total
sales. 7500 bags: January, $5 45; February.
$5 45; March. J5 55; May. $5 CO; July, $3 70; Sep
tember, $5 75: October. $5 SO.*" - -
SUGAR— Quiet and steady, fair refining, 3%c;
Centrifugal. 96 test, 4tfc; molasses sugar, 3")4c;
refined, quiet.
BUTVTER— Receipts, 5653- packages; steady;
creamery, 16<322c; June creamery,. 15@20c; fac
tory, ll@14c. -
I5GGS— Receipts, 6S34 packages; steady; West
ern packed at mark, 19@21%c; Western, loss off,
¦ , •
¦DRIED FKUITS.
Owing to scant offerings of choice and fancy
grades the market for evaporated apples held
quite firm as to undertone, but was not mate
rially changed. State common. 3%@4%c: prime.
5fj*f5%c: choice. 5>£66c: fancy, 6c. :
California dried fruits inactive but steady at
3\iig8',4c :>er lb for prunes. * t
APRICOTS— Royal, !%<Qi2c;. Moorpark, 8^4®
15c. ¦ ¦ • •¦¦¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ -'¦ ¦ - '
PEACHES— Peeled. 14®18c: unpeeled, 6%@10c.
NEW TORK, Jan. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22.C3;;- exports, 26,000. Quiet but held a shade
higher, closing firm. ;
Exports of Wine.
Experts of wine from this port in 19O0,by sea
were 5.730,400 pallors and S383 cases, valued at
SI. 756.000. against 3.524,630 gallons and 7070 cases
at J1.15S.S65 in 1£?S.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports of staple groceries at this port in
1300 were a* follows, compared with 18S9: Of
Sugar, ULJSStjtSt lb*, valued at $6,3:2,150,
spainst 311. 126.^70 11* at $11,659,250. the imports
la.fi jear covering only Eix months from the
Hawaiian It-lands; ccftee. 23.1SS.600 lbs at $2,
465.3U). against 25.C5S.000 lbs at $2,636,000; rice.
35.iiOS.1W lbs at $720,640. against 49.217.200 lbs at
*<<C9.Sn>; tea. 14.?5.",M0 lbs at*$l,SS2.369. against
lLV£;,4:fl lbs at I1.406.CC0.
Weather Report.
«2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
gAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 25—5 p. m.
The folk wing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as cc rrpared with those of the same date
!sf=t scaso-.i, and rainfalls in the last twenty
lour boors:
I Last I This 1 Last
STATIONS. 21 Hours' Season. Season.
Eureka I 0.04 I 30.36 33.72
Red Bluff j 0.C0 1S.7S 14.85
SacrRmcr.to | Trace 1 11.32 13.31
San Francisco Trace | 13.01 14.28
Fresno 0.24 7.45 6.13
Independence 0.00 4.53 2.09
t^an Luis Obispo 0.00 21.44 12.50
Lcs Angeles I 0.00 S.21 4.57
San Diego | 0.09 3.28 I 2.61
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 42; mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the great
er portion of the country west of the Rocky
Mountains and has fallen over Utah and
Southern Arizona, but eettled weather prevails
over the valley of the Colorado and the dis
turbance now over the Mexican boundary will
jToba!jly move rapidly eastward through New
Mexico.
The temperature has fallen on the Paclflc
Slcpe except alons the coast between San Fran
cisco and Cai*e Mendocino.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eurtka, 36 miles per hour from the
rorth; Red Bluff. "S irom the north; Wlnne
mucca. 26 northeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 26. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday: light
rorth<-rly winds; light frost in the morning.
Southern California— Fair Saturday: light
northerly winds; heavy froets in the morning
in tl--e interior.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; fresh north winds.
i'tah— Cloudy unsettled weather Saturday,
probably light snow in the morning; fresh
portbweat winds. ~--
Arizona — Cloudy unsettled weather Saturday.
with showers in southern portion; snow in the
northern ncrtlcn.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
lieht north wind; light frost in the morning.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Butter Is slightly cheaper again. Cheese and
Eggs remain about as before.
Meat continues scarce and high, with no Im
mediate prospects of getting any cheaper, as
livestock Is scarce. Poultry and Game are
In good supply and reasonable la price.
Xew Asparagus and Rhubarb are already
coming in. and in three *or four weeks will
make quite a • showing In th* markets unless
the weather turns very cold. The Summer
Vegetables from the southern part of the- StaU
are coming along every day In fair quantities,
but are dear.
Ccal. per ton —
Cannel | @12 W'Southfleld
Wellington. ©11 00 Wellington «T11 00
Seattle 9 00@ JCoos Bay..... ©7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice. sq40«50! Common Eggs.... 25327
Do, 'good 30(^35 Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled 3O$3j dozen 30®35
Tub. per lb 2S<ip— I Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal lo-gn' pound 13<ff29
Cheese. Eastern.. 17«jtf> Do* extracted.., 10#U
Cheese, Swiss 20@33
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 13®18 Round Steak .....13^15
Beef, choice 15@20 Sirloin Steak .....15'fif —
Do. good — ©12 Porterhouse do ...20© —
Corned Beef 10<gi2; Smoked Beef — ©15
Ham 12@15!Pork, salt 12@15
Lard — <S 15 1 Pork Chops 15013
Mutton 12igl5|Pork. Sausages.. 12H<i£3>
Lan*> 15)023 Veal 12315
Pork 1 , fresh 13@-J
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50-963 Dorea, per <Ioa....U® —
Young Roosters, Quail, per dz-Sl 73®2 EO
each 5O®€3 English Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea,.50@— dozen « 00®—
Fryers, each 50@60 Jack Snipe a 75ff3
Broilers, each 40350 Mallard. palr....73cflU
Turkeys, per H>..17(g20 Canvasback, «3c®n
Ducks, each CO^ao Sprig _ .75!^—
Geese, each...$l 50@t r iS Teal S0#—
Pigeons, pair 40@5O Widgeon 40-350
Rabbits, pair 40@— Small Duck S0@4O
Hare, each — @20 Wild Geese, palp.— ©50
Fruits and Nats^ — - * . rr
Almonds, per lb.,15@20 Limes, per doi... .10^15
Apples 49 5 Lemons, doz 15® 13
Bananas, doz lOSIO Raisins, per lb...*— ©—
Oranges, doz 15^50 Walnuts. p«p lb.. 15320
Vegetable*— •
Aaparasrua, par lb-30@— Poppers, gr,'R>...'.l$3<—
Artlchokes.dz 75c@tl 25j Potatoes', per lb.. tQ—
Beets, doz W&— Rhubarb, per lb..— <815
Beans, white. lb..l5iQ20 Sweet Potatoes.lb 3«-
Colored, per lb..l0<S — Parsnips. p«r dz.lCJf—
Dried Lima, lb. . 6<® 8 Radlshes.da bchs. 15^29
Cabbage, each ... IC$— Sage, doz bnchs. .23^30
Cauliflowers, ea... 5S— String Beans, lb..20<32j
Celery, head 5<3 — Summer Squash,
Cress, doa bnchs.lo(@20 per lb • 15^30
Cucumbers, pr dz..?2 00 Sprouts, per lb.... 5^—
Egg Plant, lb 20«25| Spinach, per lb... S'9—
Green Peaa. lb... 10® 13 Thyme, per lb.... 23S30
Lettuce, per doa. .15<g20i Turnips, per doz.. 16®—
Onions, per lb 33 4 Tomatoes, per lb.20@ —
Okra. dried, lb....— «23i
Fish-
Barracuda —4?— [Shrimps Jgio
Carp 8#10 Shad g@io
Codfish 12^15! Sea Bass — ©13
Flounders 10>gl2 1 Smelts 23® —
Halibut 10313 Soles 10#—
Herring 12H$— Skates, each I@12
Klngflsh 8#— Tomcod — ®12»i
Maokerel 154? — Clams, gallon ....50© —
Do. Horse ....12H® — Do. hardshell, lb S-310
Perch 10<312 Crabs, each \2^,®-~
Pomplno 90©— Do, softshetl.dz.40#—
Rockflsh 12^#— Mussels, quart.... 6010
Salmon, fresh ....1S«2O Oysters, Cal. M0..40<830
Do. smoked ....15^40 Do. Eastern. dz.25@U>
Family Retail Market.
XEW YORK, Jan. 251— Money on call, easy/ at
630.400 Shares sold. . (
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s ref reg 105HIN Y C lsts......'...10fi«4
Do coupon 105% N J C gen 5s 127%
U S ?« reg 1W»4 N Pacific 3s 71
Do 3s coupon 111 1 * Do 4s :.. 105
Do new 4« reff...l3G»i!N Y C & St L 4s."]0>>i;
I>o new 4s coup. .137^1 N.& W con 4s lOOVi
Do old 4s reg....H3>4 Or Xav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup..H3\4 Do 4s..... 10314
Do Ss reg llOViiOr Short Line 6s. .129 '•
Do 5u coupon 111% Do con 5b 116U
Diet of Col 3.65s.. .12-1 Reading gen 4s.... 94U
Atchison gen 4s. ...103% R,G W lsts 89%
Do adj 4s 90 St L & I M con 6s.ll5&
Canada So 2ds 110 St L &S F gen 6s.l28
Ches & O 4%s 104% St Paulcons i»2»/4
Do 5s 120%!St P C & P lsts. ..US
Chi & N con 7s.. ..133*4! Do 5s 11914
Do S F dsb os. ..124 jS Pacific 4s 84H
Chicago Term 4s... 93<4!8 Railway Bb 113U
Colorado So 4s 84%, Stand R & T 6s.. 65>4
D & R G 4s 100% Tex & Pac lsts U*&
Krie gen 4s.... S3V Do 2ds 97%
F W & D C lsts... 75 TJ Pacific 4s ...1C6V4
Gen.EIecBs 156 Wabanh lsts 119
Iowa Central l«ts..H5H Do 2ds 109%
L & X uni 4s...*....10m West Shore 4s .'ll4V4
M K & T Ms 79% Wise Cent lsts 87
Do 4s 9S Va Centuries 96Vt
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con. 20! Little Chief i«
Alice 4.VOntario g 75
Breece 2 00;Ophir 5g
Brunswick Con 2S'Ph<jenix ]" 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04!Potosl .... i»
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Savage .".7.7.^ 15
Deadwood Terra.... - 52- Sierra Nevada....' ' 18
Horn Silver ...1 15'Small Hopes ' 61
Iron Sliver ,66, Standard 410
Leadville Con 06'
KOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- Union Pacific ..821
Call loans. 3 @4 Union Land 2&
Time loans 3V4©4 West ttnd. S3H
j Stocks— . ¦ •( ¦ « • Bonds— <j :
A T & S-F 43'^ Atchison "to.;; 1 ..... .102W,
A T & S F prefd. 84% N E Gas&Coke 5s. 66U
American Sugar...I3< Mining Shares-
Am Susar prefd. ..113 Adventure 914
BeU Telephone ...161 Ulngham -. 1514
Boston & Albany.254 i Amalg Copper...... 89
Boston Elevated.. .16H4lAtlantic 27
I Boston & Maine.. .194 jBoston & Mont....312
I e h >ro ; , Bur & 9-..-l«HlButtf> & Boston... 77
Dominion Coal....: 34%jCalumet & Hecla.. 830
Dom Coal prefd....lO8% Centennial ......... 2m
Federal Steel....... 48 jFranklln .....16
Fed Steel prerd... 69% Osceola ........ ?2
Fltchburg prefd.,..14m!Parrot ' -46H
General Electric. .1S7H <}ulncy "l63
2S n T-, E!<1 ?,. prefd "' 159 iSanta Fe Copper.. 6
Ed Elec 111 235 -iTamarack ¦....!?... .328
Mexican Central... 13% Utah Mining.. 33 J
X E Gas & Coke. UHAVlnona ..........."
Old Dominion.:.... 3OVi j Wolverines ........ 43
Rubber..; ;... 2»H' - • :,
}_New York Money Market.
£00 Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41H
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
200 Delaware & Hudson .150%
Delaware, Lackawanna & Western.191 •
2,100 Denver & Rio Grande 31"-?
S00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd. .»..,... S7*» .
29.100 Erie 2S»»
' 10.KK) Erie 1st prefd ....? 63»,«,
...:... Great Northern prefd 192
I Hocking Coal '. 15
600 Hocking Valley ..-. 42U '
1.600 Illinois Central 131%
1,000 Iowa Central 24 j
Iowa Central prefd 49
300 Lake Erie & Western 4Hi '
Lake Erie & Western prefd 108
Lake Shore 2lu>i |
8,eno Louisville & Nashville 8S»i
S.600 Manhattan Elevated 114% ;
1.100 Metroi-olitan Street Railway 162V 4 :
1C0 Mexican Central 13 l i |
1.200 Minneapolis & St Louis 68^ !
UK) Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 105 ]
12.S0O Missouri Pacific S6% I
200 Mobile & Ohio 46%
10.SOO Missouri. Kansas & Texas 18%
33,200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd IIV. I
100 New Jersey Central HS
1.500 New York Central HIT*
. 400 Norfolk & Western 43",
200 Xorfolk & Western prefd S3
29.100 Northern Pacific ?2Vi |
2.9C0 Northern Pacific prefd £6
S.9C0 Ontario & Western 31%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 76 |
5,200 Pennsylvania 145%!
6.S00 Reading 31%
6.4CHJ Reading lft prefd 7l*i
6.000 Reading 2d prefd '• *'
Rio Grande Western •»
Rio Grande Western prefd 92
1,000 St Louis & San Francisco 2'J»
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 73%
1,100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 5<Vi
6.400 St Louts, Southwestern 22%
14.500 St Louis, Southwestern prefd BITs
63.700 St Paul l*j>H
200 St Paul prefd 188
St Paul &. Omaha.. 133
16.400 ."Southern Pacific **-i I
6.C00 Southern Railway 19%
2.200 Southern Railway prefd G^s |
19.200 Texas & Pacific 2 <,» I
32.100 Union Pacific *;>
2,400 Union Pacific prefd... »-'.»
6.1flO Wabash • }*$>
11.900' Wabaeh Drefd 27%
1,600 "Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 2s%
Wisconsin Central »H
Third Avenue 120
l.sSO Baltimore & Ohio prefd So 1 '.
200 National Tube ->9*4
. 600 National Tube prefd »8*i
Express Companies—
100 Adams }•£
American *'• '¦
200 United States M
Wells Fargo --I 3 '
Miscellaneous— ,'
700 American Cotton Oi! pK
... American Cotton Oil prefd SS
American Malting 4Vi 1
American Malting prefd 2tV4 [
1,600 American Smelting & Ref «-'» I
500 American Smelting & Ref prefd l?h j
American Spirits 2
American Spirits 1<
700 American Steel Hoop 26% |
100 American Steel Hoop prefd Vi% 1
17,500 American Steel tt Wire 40'. 2
3.5C0 American Steel & Wire prefd M>U
2.100 American Tin Plate, ex dlv •. 57 j
. .'ICO American Tin Plate prefd.... VTVx
16,400 American Tobacco 114%
American Tobacco prefd 140
2.300 Anaconda Mining Co 41% I
60. 700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77 '
2.600 Colorado Fuel &. Iron 45% i
6,6<iO Continental Tobacco 44%
700 Continental Tobacco prefd 93to
34,^00 Federal Steel 48
2(V) Federal Steel prefd 69»4
300 General Electric 187
5C0 Glucosfe Sugar 4$
Glucoee Sugar prefd '. 96
1,500 International Paper 20%
1,400 International Paper prefd 70
Laclede Gas *. 72
100 National Biscuit 37%
National Biscuit prefd 92
600 National Lead ...1.. 17
2G0 National Lead prefd 85
€00 Xational Steel :. 39V4
National Steel prefd .'. 90
100 New York Air Brake 150
4,000 North American 20>4
Pacific Coast 32
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
Pacific Mail 42<i4
4.300 People's Gas 9S!»
1.500 Pressed Steel Car 3634
3<X> Pressed Steel Car prefd 77
£00 Pullman Palace Car -.199
Standard Rope & Twine 3%
15.400 Sugar /. 133*
100 Sugar prefd 1184
6,100 Tennewe Coal & Iron 67*i
• 3,400 United States Leather \2%
700 United States Leather prefd 73H
700 United States Rubber 20.%
United States Rubber prefd .'..,. 60 l ,i
COO WeFtern Union 82H
3.100 Amalgamated Copper f.%V A
400 Republic Iron & Ste«l Co 13',i
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd S7
P C C & St Louis 64
Failures for the week were 306 In the United
States, against 231 last year, and 46 in Can
ada, against 3S last year.
Staple products have moved within narrow
limits, little attention being given to wldely
varylng estimates . from Argentine or reportB
of damage In the Northwest through insuffi
cient enpw. Despite the advance in prices over
those prevailing a year, ago exports of wheat.
Including flour, from Atlantic ports for the
veek were 2,568.818 bushels, against 1,644,149
last year. . .
It is difficult to find encouraging features In
tht wool filtuatlffli. Sales for the week at the
chief Eastern cities were 1,000,000 pounds
s:naller than In the preceding week, and In
four weeks the aggregate is only 13,275,700
rounds, against 21.C04.700 last year. Not only
la there an utter absence of speculative opera
tions, but purchases by manufacturers are re
stricted to requirements for orders on hand.
Domestic quotations have not hardened in sym
pathy with, the better prices obtained at Lon
don, while a few sales are reported at mod
erate concessions. Hopes for the future, are
l:ased on indifference of dealers and growers
to sell at current prices, but present heavy
stocks will be augmented In a few months
by the. new clip. ¦ •
*- _i_. . _ *
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
¦'Rarely has there been more business in staple
and In manufactured goods at practically un
changed prices than during the period since
November 1. This week seems to have marked
the climax of the enormous dealings at fig
ures- which have become familiar. The heavy
trade in pigiron at better prices, the larger
distribution of dry goods at a firmer range of
quotatlons*and the rush to secure prompt de
livery of boots and shoes ¦ all indicate, that
business may have escaped one of those weary
readjustments of prices \ which have proved
often so trying In recent years. Jobbing trade
in the Interior is good and collections continue
excellent. After a week of quiet conditions,
partly due to uncertainty regarding competi
tion among leading' Interests, the iron and steel
industry has taken another long stride for
ward. The feature was enormous buying ot
pte at an advance to $13 25 at Pittsburg. This
midden activity In the raw material removed
fear that stocks might be accumulating- at
furnaces and gave some Idea of the heavy con
tracts for finished products taken by the mills.
In some directions there Is less foreign In
quiry, although an unusually heavy shipment
of billets went to Glasgow and exports of rails
have not ceased. Freight rates to the sea
coast are still considered excessive by manu
fncturers and there Is more inclination to push
domestic business on this account. Arbitra
tion Is expected to prevent suspension of work
at the furnaces, where a strike was threatened
on February 1.
' Further Improvement Is seen In footwear and
manufacturers are receiving ample orders.
Shipments from ¦ Boston thus far amount - to
335,432 cases, against 3S0.963 in 1900. Leather
I.as been Irregular in demand, although prices
are steady. Hides at Chicago fluctuated widely,
with more grades sold at concessions than ad
vanced.
Silzrr a shade firmer. Exchange as before.
Wheat and Barley a fraction higher. .
Oats firm, Corn steady and Rye easy.
iMrgc arrivals of Volunteer Hay. Bran firm.
Beans still firm, but not very active.
Onions declined again. Potatoes and Vegetables steady. J
Poultry in over supply and weak. Game firm.
Gathered Eggs and store fytttcr lozver. Cheese unchanged.
Seven cars of Oranges auctioned. Five cars of Bananas arrived.
Price of Pacific brand of Raisins not yet fixed.
Provisions firm enough, but not over active.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Meat market still firm at the old quotations.
Local stocks and bonds active.
Oil stocks continue brisk and firm.
Increased exports of Wine last year.
! mess pork, per bbl. $13 67H®18 85; lard, per 100
lbs, $7 32%;; short ribs • sides (loose), $8 90@
7 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6Vi@6%c;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 23@7 35; whisky,
basis- of high wines. $1 27; * clover, contract
grade. $U@11 40. , ¦ . /
¦ - Receipts. ShtDments.
Flour, barrels .....26.0OO . 29.000
Wheat, bushels . ; 40.000 49,000
Corn. ¦ bushels 867,000 132.000
Oats, bushels.... ...234,000 223.000
Rye, bushels 5 000 ....;..
Barley, bushels 55.C0O 22.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. I4®21c; dairies,
ll'/SfSlSc. Cheese, dull. 10U@ll%c. - Eggs, quiet;
fresh, lac. vy • , , '_
6.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb.' ' ' Mar. May.
°P enl n« 6 1H 6 1%
Closing... 6 1H 6 l«i
- PARIS.
I _ Wheat— . Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening . is 95 , 19 95
Closing. IS 95 19 So
Floui? . •
Opening ......;.... ....'.; 24 35 25 40 :
Closing... ..; ; 2440 25 45
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts. 6500.
Including 250 Texans; : generally steady to
etrong; butchers 1 stock weak; Texans, steady.
Good to prime steers, $5 25@6; poor to medium.
$3 £C@4 15; stockers and feeders, steady. $3@
4 CO; cows, |2 75® 1 15; heifers, . $2 75©4 50? can
ners 1 , steady, $2®2 70; bulls, $2 75@-4 40; calves.
$4@5 75; Texas fed steers, $4@4 75; Texas grass
steers, $3 35@4; do bulls, $2 30@3 75. " ¦'¦
HOGS— Receipts, to-day, 38,000; to-morrow,
20,000; left over, 4000: opened 5®>10c lower, clos
ing strong; top, $5 27%. Mixed and butchers'.
$5 05@5 27ft: good to choice heavy, $5 15@5 27Vi;
rough heavy, $5@5 10; light, $5 05@5 22'A; bulk,
$5 17%@5 22*. /' ¦ :
SHEEP— Retelpts, 5000; sheep and lambs,
steady to strong. Good to choice wethers, $3 80
©5 40;: fair, to choice mixed. $3 50@3 85; West
ern sheep, ($3 85@4 E0; Texas sheep, $2 60(2-3 50;
native lambs. $4 25@5 50; Western lambs, (4 50
©54a- - .
. ; New York Metal Market.
XEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The market for metals
again locally wa< a small one.* The London
tin market was firm and reacted about £1 7s
on spot, closing firm at £123 2s 6d. The local
narket sympathized with "Lo'ndon. The close
was firm at $26 85®27, with trading quiet.
Copper was dull and depressed. The close was
ot $17 for lake and $16 62H for casting. Trad
ing in lead was confined to small lots at
$-1 37%. with the market quiet. 'Spelter was
weak but not quotably lower at *4«4 10. Pig
iron warrants, $9 50010 50; Northern foundry,
&:5<gl6 50. ¦ ¦ • • - •
Nezv York Cotton Market:
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Cotton closed steady
and unchanged.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— At to-day's auction of
vool 13.74S bales were offered. Greasy meri
ros were 5 per cent higher, scoured 5@7%d and
fine cross-bred wools 5d higher. Lambs' wools
sold at from par to 5d lower. -
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— A sale of. sheepskins was
held In Mincing Lane to-day. The offerings
numbered 128.404, of which 101,156 wers sold.
The quality was Indifferent. All grades were
in good demand at unchanged prices,
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 25.— Clearings, $237,645; bal
ances, $40,051.
Northern Wheat Market.
v OREGON.
PORTLAXD. Jan. . 25.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 53£fE.-.He; bluestem, C8c.',
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 23.— Wheat Me higher and
firm; bluestem, 58c: club, 55Hc.
Foreign Markets.
-LOXDON. Jan. 23.— Consols. 96%. Silver.
2S 9-16d. French rentes, . 10U 93c© 101 f S2V4C
Cargoes on passage, firmer tendency; cargoes
Xo. 1 Standard California, 3Cs; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVKRPOOL. Jan. 25.— WHEAT— Firm; Xo.
1 Standard California 6s 3dS6e 4d ; . wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, 'dull; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5^d. • :
CLOSIXG.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 25. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 1 California, 6s 4d; No. 1 red West
ern winter, 6s Id: No. 1 Northern spring, 6s
Z%A.^ Futures, steady; March, 6s l%d; May,
6s l%d.
CCRX — Spot, -quiet: American mixed new. 3s
lOVd; do old. 3s U%&. Futures— Steady
uary, 3s lCVid; March, 3s 9%d; May, 3s 9%&.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance. $138, 405.8S4; gold, $72,229,511.
i NEW YORK, Jan., 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
January 24, with the percentage of lncreass
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing Meek last year:
. _,.,• Pencentasres
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New \ork $1,505,077,340 52.4
Boston 133.U0.010 8.2
V^ a f°, ••; 130.51S.997 4.6
Philadelphia S7.37S.312 2,8 . ..
bt. Louis 38.S2U.706 - 2r.5 ....
Pittsburg 3S.414.S4!} 17. !>
Baltimore 21.161.69S 15.6
San Francisco 1S.4J3.119 18 6
Cincinnati 21,261,150 39 4
Kansas City J6.445.S46 28.3
New Orleans 14.073,764 8.3
Minneapolis 9,504,053 13.5
I>etrolt 9.S12.237 D.I
Cleveland 11.3b!t,919 9.9
Louisville ....: S.S2*,374 7.3
Providence -6,518.300 3.4
Milwaukee 6.570.M3 1.9
£t- Paul 4,678.223 3.0 ...'.
Buffalo 5.324.510 7.4 ....
Omaha 6.552.3S0 J3.7
Indianapolis 7.790,915 37.4
Columbus, Ohio.... 6.221.300 25.9
Savannah 4,635.098 22.1
Denver 4.440,502 ....
Hartford 2,232 462 5 4
Richmond 4,149,407 53.6 ....
Memphis 3.S47.908 47.2
Washington 2,925,700 'S 6
Peoria 2.23S.135 2S.0 ..\!
Rochester 1.925,3.'4 1.4
New Haven a 1.5H.012 .... 10.9
Worcester 1,235,2*9 11.8 ....
Atlanta 2,976 835 8 1
Salt Lake City 2.873.177 28.8 '.'.'.'.
SprinKfleld, Mass.. 1.232.147 1.0 .. .
Fart Worth 3.756.i«55 $2 4
Portland, Me 1,159,005 6.7 .'...
Portland. Or 1,909.121 25.0
St. Joseph 3,756.979 25.1
Los Angeles 2.904.515 4O.S
Norfolk 1.362.577 . 3.i
Syracuse 1.132.843 3.1- ....
Dps Molnes 1.507,744 ....
Nashville 1,431.014 .... 1.1
Wilmington, Del... S64.7S7 .... 4 3
Fall Rlyer 7S7.442 .... 1 4.
ScrantcnT. 1,412.186 8.5
Grand Rapids 1,327,408 2.1 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,215.531 .... 14. j
Lowell 6f#.377 21.7 ....
Dayton, Ohio 1.1S8.523 4 2
SeatUe 1,856.256 fi.l ....
Tacoma .~. ..¦ 1,083.687 30.0
Lexington, Ky....T" 569.135 17.0
Spokane ; S76.3U 8.4
Sioux City 1.260.660 12.4
New Bedford 620,939 , 20.9 ....
Knoxvllle, Tenn... 621,624 * IS. 5 ....
Topcka 1.157,097 79.1
Birmingham 911,699 8.4 ....
Wichita 509.943 8.4
Blnghamton 446,700 2.2 ...
Jacksonville, Fla... 237.967 7.0
Kalamazoo 426,358 43.4 ....
Akron 490.400 32.1
Chattanooga 406.138 S.2 ..:.
Rockford. Ill 287.362 *? 1.7
Canton. Ohio 270,000 • 10.1 ....
Springfield, Ohio... 355,955 15.2 ....
Fargo, N. D 333.662 21.0
Sioux FallK. S. D.. 20J.503 3.0
Fremont. Nebr 118.840 24 i
Davenport 694.333 21.9
Toledo 1.S27.6SO .... 3.3
Galveston 7.771.000 .... 4.2
Houston 10,055,951) 18.5 ....
Evansvllle £35,648 5.5 ....
Helena 740.223 13.1
Maccn, , Ga 724.000 13.0
Little Rock 554.193 20.2 ....
Springfield. Ill 49S.332 26.7.
YoungBtown "27.627 ¦ 1.5 .;..
Colorado Springs... 1,260.540
Totals U. 8 $2,194,111,035 3g1 7777
Totals outside of
New York 689,033,893 10.9
DOMIXIOX OP CANADA.
Montreal S15.2G6.S59 13.5
Toronto 10.758.732 23.4
Winnipeg 1,882,508 8.5
Halifax 1.5S2.470 31.5
Hamilton 693.125 .... .14.1
St. John, N. B 641.216 16.7
Vancouver. B. C... 693.207 12.6
Victoria, B. C 679.320 18.0
Totals $32,197,523 11.9 ..V.'
Condition of. the Treasury.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— Atchison, 45%; Canadian
Pacific, 90^; Union Pacific preferred, 85; North
ern Pacific preferred, 87%; Grand Trunk, 7;
Anaconda. 6%. Bar silver, steady, 28 9-16d per
ounce. Closed, 28%d. Money 3 per cent.
CLOSING,
XEW YORK. Jan. 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram gays:
The stock market here, to-day was inactive
and v heavy, in sympathy with many forced sales
of West Australian shares, an aftermath of the
recent Whltaker- Wright collapse. American
stocks seemed to have lost all animation. In
the early trading they were dull and lower with
a dragging tendency. * Later they hardened on
good buying of Denver and Rio Grande. No
reason, was given for the sudden interest in
these shares. " / •
I Money was a little stlffer. Call loans .were
3&3H per cent. Silver was harder.
London Market.
1®1% l>er cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3^@44
per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7%@4 87V4 for
demand and at $4 83TJ for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 84>4 and $4 85. Commercial Dills. $4 83®
* 83"^. -Silver certificates, e3}«@65c. Bar silver,
62c. Mexican dollars, 4S%c Government bonds,
strong; State, easy; rallroici;- strong.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
•
' There Is 'nothing new to' report under this
head. - .
HIDES ; AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9^c; medium, 9c; light.. S«8H=; Cow Hide*.
S%c for heavy and S«s%c for light; stags. 60
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted, Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf 10c- Dry Hides. WHc/ Culls. 13Hc; ilry
Kip* 15c: Dry Calf. 16®17cv culls and brands.
14c;- Sneepskms, shearlings. m*J« each; short
Wool 30«55o each: medium. 60g7oc; long Wool,
BcCti each ; Horse Hides, salt $2 50«2 75 for
large and $2®2 25 for medium. $101 25 for small
and 60c for colts; -Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
laree II £0 for medium, tl 2a for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins-Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins, 33c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; Urge and
sir-path • 50c: medium, 3ac. - . - . ., . ¦, ¦,
: 1 rendered. . 4U©lV4c per Ib;
No 2 3He: grease. 2@2kc-
WObL-Sprlnsr • Clip Is . quotable as follows •
Xorthern. free. 15©18c: Northern, defective. 12®
14c- MldOIe County.' free. 15@16c; Middle Coun
tv "defective. 12®14c: Southern Mountain" 12
months'. ' 9@10c; Southern • Mountain, free." 7
months'. 11®12C; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9®llc : Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
©I7o: Nevada; 13S16c per lb.. -
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V3Sc: do Iamba, 8©
9c; Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain.
Everything remains as before quoted, with a
firm but not overactlve market..
CUKKD- MEATS— Bacon, ll@li^ c per lb for
heavy. U%©12c lor light medium. 12Vi©13c for
llgbt, 13Wf?14c for extra light and lSfiUHc for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
12c; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $13;
Family. }U: extra Prime Pork. J15&15 50; extra
clear. $1? !0@20 ; ¦ Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. Uc
per pound. "
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®6?ic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
3'ie: 10-lb tins. 9*,c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
\ COTTOLENB- One .half-barrel. 8Hc: three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. ,7%c; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces. 7Hc per lb. *
Hides, Tallcnv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
The prices of Pacific brand of Raisins have
not yet been fixed, though they may be any
day. The market for all descriptions' remains
unchanged. ¦ •
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
3O-40s, 7c; 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60s. 4tfc; 60-70s, 3%c;
70-808. SUc; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s. 2*ic; 100-12Cs,
l%c; rubles,'- lie premium; Sonomas. He and
San' Joaquins %c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots 6@Sc for Royals and lOfiO^c for Moor
parks- Evaporated Apples. 4@5%c; sun-dried.
l%e*%c; Peaches. 4®5c for standard. 5@6c for
choice and «H«7c for fancy; Pears. 2©7=:
Plvms, pitted, 6©6Hc: unpitted, l@lVjc; Nec
tarines 54?5%c for red and 5^i©6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers 1 Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c; prime, »c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per
lb* choice, 94c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6%c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6Hc; 2-crown, «c
London Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 p«r box; 3-crown.
$1 CO", Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $3 60; Im
perial 13. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California. *
NUTS— Chestnuts. 9tfS10c per lb for Italian:
hardshell. 10c- No. 2. 7Hc-. Almonds, 12©13c for
papershell, 9®llc for softshell; Peanuts, 5©6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans, llJfclSe; Cocoanuts. ?3 6(Hg5.
.HONEY— Comb, 13tt©U%c for bright and 12^4
»13c;for light amber; water white extracted.
7^i@Sc; light amber extracted. 6Vi<g?c; dark.
6S«Hc per lb.
BEESWAX-24G26C per In,'
Seven cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Xavels. $1 75@1 95; do choice. $1 05
61 63; standard, 75c® $1 20; Seedlings, 65Q75c;
Tangerines, 75c@Jl.90; Lemons, 90c per box. One
of the cars consisted of fancy Xavels In bad
order and sold at $1 20@l So.
Five cars of Bananas came in on an already
overloaded market. Prices are weak, but no
lower. ¦ ' • '
There is no change In Apples and Pears.
DECIDUOUS FKU1TS—
APPLES — 35®£5c per box for common and 75c
©U SO for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, $1 25®
175: Oregon Spitzenbergs. $1 50©l 75.
PEARS— 50c@Jl 50 per box.
CRAX BERRIES— Wisconslns. $13 50 per bar-
CITRUS FRUITS— Xavel Oranges. $1®2;
Seedlings, EOogll: Tangerines. 75c©$l 50; Man
darins. 73c@ll; Lemons, 25c® $1 S5 for common
and $1 5062 for good to choice; Grape Fruit, $1©
2; Mexican Limes. J4 50^5; California Limes. 25
©35c: Bananas.. 50c® ?1 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
•¦ Store Butter ' was marked down, this grade
being 'neglected. In fact, all lower grades of
Butter are weak, while '.the uppper grades are
firm. Stocks continue sufficient for the demand.
There is no change Jn Cheese. ¦
Ranch ¦ Eggs are steady, though there is no
scarcity. Gathered are lc lower.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 25,600 lbs California and 6000 lbs Eastern
Butter, 680 cases California Eggs, cases
Eastern Eggs, 11,163 pounds California Cheese
and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTtR- — - (
Creamery — Extras. 20c; firsts, lie; seconds,
17c. •
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie. /
Storage — Creamery extras. ; firsts. ;
seconds. — —i dairy extras. .
Pickle. per pound.
Keg. — - per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, lull cream, llHc; choice,
10c; common, nominal: Toung Americas. 12c;
Eastern, full cream. 15@16He per lb.
EGOS—
• California ranch— Selected white, 27c; mixed,
colors, 25c per doien. !
California gathered— Selected, 24c; standard,
22c: seconds, .
. Fresh Eastern — Fancy, : standard. ;
seconds, .-
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, - — ;
Eastern fancy, 20c; standard, ; seconds,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Game were larger again, being
136 sks, but the market was firm at about the
same prices.
Poultry- continues depressed. The last arrivals
of Eastern are not yet cleaned up. and prices
are weak all around. There were 40 cases of
dressed Turkeys In besides considerable carried
over stock, but prices were firmer. Toung stock
met with better demand.
I'OULTR* — Live Turkeys. lfl<S|lle fnr Gob
blers and \\<SWnC for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
12^<315c; Gees?, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings. $1 75
tf2; Duck*, li'tih for old and *..¦»<; in tor toung;
Hens. J3 50<S4 CO: Young Roosters. $4 SOfto; Oid
Roosters; t3 S0@4: Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $4
<i4 £0 for larpe and $3 S3 50 for small: Plareons.
|1®1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75 for
Ssouabs. ¦ .
GAME— Quail. $1@1 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard. $3®3 50: ¦ Canvasback, t2&
3 25; Sprig, $2 50©2 75; Teal. $1 25®1 75; Widgeon,
$1 60©l 75; Small Duck, $1®1 25; Black Jack.
$125; Gray Geese. »3? White Geese, $1@125;
Brant. $1 50 for email and 12 for large; Honkers,
$3@4£0; English Snipe, $2(32 50: Jack Snipe.
$1 50; Hare. $1 25: Rabbits. $1 2T>@1 50 for Cotton
tail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 65@75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Onions have dropped to $2 as the top quo
tation. Sweet Potatoes are no lower and other
Potatoes * stand about the same.
High" prices still rule for Vegetables, with
light receipts.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 63#75c: Burbanks.
33«i45c'for River and S5c®$i 10 per ctl for
Salinas and 75c@$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles
from Oregon, S^S-SOc; Sweets, 85c©$l for Mer
ced.
OXIOXS— $1 E0S2 per ctl; Cut Onions. $1 23
per ctl. • - -
1 VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 6310c; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 15@?Qc per lb: Green Peas.
5©Sc per lbi String Beans. 10® 15c: Cabbage,
SCc; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 5C@2 50 per
crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, Los Angeles. 10c per lb for
Chile and 15c for^Bell; Dried" Peppers. 9@llc:
Dry Okra. 10@15c per lb; Carrots. 25®35q per
box: -Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 75 per dozen;
Summer Squash, $2 per box : Garlic, 3@4c per
!b; Marrowfat Squash, I12©2O per ton; Mush
rooms, £@il5c per lb.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 5C@3; Canary. 3%@
8%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. ViQVfc; Rape. 2@
2!ic: Hsmp. 3«4©3%c: Timothy. «',4«.
DRIED PEAS— ..Niles. $262 50; Green. $2 70
©3 pec ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes,* Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, (2 5082 75: Small White.
$4 60@4 90; Large White, $4@4 23; Pink. $2 15®
2 35; Red, $3 i5@3 CO; Black eye, *3ff3 25; Llmaa.
to CO-Q 5 70; Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney, |3 73© 4 per ctl.
While there is no especial activity at *h«
moment there Is a fair movement In White
trnd Pink Beans at firm price* - '
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. J18©17 per
ten: Oilcake Meal, at the mill, $2S®26; Jobbing,
IW50: Cocoanut Cake..|17©18; Corn Meal. $25
O23 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50-52S; Mixed Feed.
|15@1«- - "- '
HAT— Volunteer. J">®8: Wheat, J11-.M3 50:
Wheat and Oat. $10<gl2 50: Oat. $3011 50:
Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, »S@9 50; Barley. $7 3G
@9 E0 per ton.". : , ,
STRAW— 3i©47»4c' per bale.
descriptions .are ..coming.. In. heavily and are
weak and depressed. Bran rules firm.
BRAN*— 115(816 per ton.. *..; ... .
ahead' of : last year; - 7 A feature .'In the export
line this week ¦ was the shipment I of 3000 tons
of steel billets ¦ to Glasgow from Birmingham,
Ala., the. largest shipment of this material
ever sent abroad from the South. Heavy quan
tities of railway ¦ material to replace that- de
stroyed* In China' may. be placed In this coun
try. „ Explanation of the fact that ; plglron
prices , are now Just half- what ' they were a
year ; ago A will be • found in the official
stocks on December 31, 1900, : aggregating 442,
370? tons,' or 'about seven times the quantity
held a year before.' ; Among the other metals
copper, is weak and fractionally lower. In sym
pathy with a break In prices abroad, but tin
Is higher,-, on" news of excited markets and
higher , prices In London. V ¦:., > '
There is apparently less public speculative
interest in .the grain markets and tired long
liquidation on. the late- decline has helped- to
partially; offset . the latter developments of
smaller receipts at the XortUwest. decreases
in . the visible . supply and the continued good
export - demand. .Wheat- Is, however, slightly
higher. Talk' of a coming big deal In May
wheat at Chicago has revived again. •
.Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,838,678 bushels against 3,336,
054 bushels Ian week and 3.581,197 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1900. From July 1
to date this season wheat exports are 112,201,
583 bushels, against 117.3S4.998 bushels last sea
son and 144.242,241 bushels in 1898-89.
Business failures in the United States for the
week number 231 against 290 last week, 252 In
this week a year ago, and 248 in 1839. Cana
dian failures for the week number. 34, a de
crease of 16 from last week as compared with
34 In 1900 and 32 In 1899. -
Dun's Review of Trade.
fre«. lC«llc; Southern Mountain. 7%©Sttc:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 11Q12G p«r lb.
HOPS— 12©l«e per lh.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Firmness continues to character lz» all de
scriptions under this head, but prices ihow no
further advance.
BKEF— VnWte *<"" Steers and «JJ7%c per lb
for Cows.
. VEAL— Large. 8©*9c; small. 9®llc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9%©10c; Ewes, »<Qy.ia
per round.
LAMB— 10-811C per lb: spring. 12^@15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes, STifctfc for small and 5%©
6c for medium and 6%tf5%c for larce; stocK
Hoes and feeders, 5H©5tac; dressed Hoes. 7U
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quenttn Bags. *3 85: Calcutta
Grain Bars, June and July. 8%c; Woo! Bags.
3C@32%c; Fleece Twine, 7%e.
COAL— Wellington. « per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle, |7; Bryant, J7; Coca
Bay. ti Jo; .IVallsend, $3; Co-operative Walla
end. $">: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and 113 2S ia
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J}4: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and
IIS in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. J5 45
per 2000 lbs and IS 30 per ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cnmhed. 8.25c: Powdered. 5.S3c: Candy Gran
ulated. S.SSc; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A/ 5.73c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C.
5.25c; Golden C, 5.13c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bars,
10c more. Xo orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.60c; boxes. 6.75c oer lb.
Receipts of Produce «.
FOR FRIDAY. JANTART 28.
Ftour. qr sks ... 12.7S3 1 Middlings, aks... 5*5
Wheat, ctls .... 78.Ef!Bran. sks 1,330
Barley, ctls 3.7D3. Tallow, ctls .... 211
Rye, ctls 430' Sugar, ctls 2,211
Oats, ctls 1.020 ; Lime, bbls 133
Boars, sks 1,072 Pelts, bdls 133
Potatoes, sks ... 1.SS5' Hides, Xo 323
Onions, sks S7 , Quicksilver, flks. 110
Wool, bales .... 31' Leather, rolls .. 137
Straw, tons .... 4«iWine, gals 80.3C0
Hay, Ions 6621
, OREGOX. [ EASTERN".
Wool, bales 7 Oats, ctls BOO
THE SAN FKA-NCISCO; CALL,- SATURDAY, JANUARY *26, 1901
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
May
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
Articles — upen. ixisn.
¦ Wheat No. -2—. . ¦ ¦ - - • -
January ............ 73% 74H
<-ebiuary 73% . . 74%
klay, .:;.:..:........: 75%.. ;77:
Corn No. 2 — '¦'¦»'¦
'anuary 37H .- , 37H '.
•""ebruary ' 37& <3VX.
Jay 33 39H
Oats Ho.' 2— . > ¦ '
ranuary ............ 2376 2*
Jay 25V!- . 23H
' Mess Pork.- j per bbl
tfay :¦...-. tH&il 77V4 1 » 95
Lard, per 100 lbs— :.-
ranuary .... :¦
ilarch, ."."................ • . ....
day .¦...'..•:........'. 7 35 *-: 7 42#
Short " Rlbp. ,' peri ICO lb»— ;
ranuary ...¦..:;......... '.;..'.
aay,........V.;.T... G 92Va ? 7 00 :
i^ow. Lioee.
:T73H: '¦: i7«9|
73%: 74^
75H ' 77
. 37H : ,- rtv.
- 37H am
38% ; 30}<
23% 24
23Vi 25V
:... 13 87V;
13 7714 13 S2i/
7 32V
.... 7 35'
7 35 7 42V
.... 6 S7V
: b »2^4 . 7 00
Articles — upen. ixisn.
¦ Wheat No. -2—. . ¦ ¦ - - • -
January ............ 73% 74H
<-ebiuary 73% . . 74%
klay, .:;.:..:........: 75%.. ;77:
Corn No. 2 — '¦'¦»'¦
'anuary 37H .- , 37H '.
•""ebruary ' 37& <3VX.
Jay 33 39H
Oats Ho.' 2— . > ¦ '
ranuary ............ 2376 2*
Jay 25V!- . 23H
' Mess Pork.- j per bbl
tfay :¦...-. tH&il 77V4 1 » 95
Lard, per 100 lbs— :.-
ranuary .... :¦
ilarch, ."."................ • . ....
day .¦...'..•:........'. 7 35 *-: 7 42#
Short " Rlbp. ,' peri ICO lb»— ;
ranuary ...¦..:;......... '.;..'.
aay,........V.;.T... G 92Va ? 7 00 :
i^ow. Lioee.
:T73H: '¦: i7«9|
73%: 74^
75H ' 77
. 37H : ,- rtv.
- 37H am
38% ; 30}<
23% 24
23Vi 25V
:... 13 87V;
13 7714 13 S2i/
7 32V
.... 7 35'
7 35 7 42V
.... 6 S7V
: b »2^4 . 7 00As late as the fifteenth century Vienna
ne.d no street lamps, and every wayfarer
carried his lantern.
At the annual meeting ofahe MIzpah
Charity Club last Monday afternoon the
following named officers were elected for
the ensuing yeara Mrs. A. C. Rulofson.
president; Mrs. H. Newell, vice president;
Mrs. C. H. Mann, recording secretary;
Mrs. B. W. Day. corresponding secretary;
Mrs. M. F. Gabbs, treasurer. The report
of the secretary showed that during lust
year committees made 117 visits to those
in distress, and 265 garments were made
for different charitable institutions. .The
treasurer reported receipts of $828 47, dis
bursements $421 90.
Mizpah Charity Club.
Many Votes Invalidated.
The necessity for the introduction of
voting machines In this city wa3 clearly
shown last night by Registrar Walsh In
a short address delivered before the Iro
quois Club. He fiaid that at the last elec
tion between 3400 and 3500 ballots were in
validated because of errors committed by
voters in marking them. These errors
were discovered while the ballots were be
ing recounted In the Dalngerfleld-Graham
contest The club will endeavor to have a
bill passed by the next Legislature pro
viding for the introduction of voting ma
chines The merits oti tne several bills
introduced at Sacramento providing for a
new primary election law will be discussed
at the next meeting of the club.
Decision for Callahan.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio. Jan. 23.— Tim
Callahan was given tho. decision over Ed
die Gardner of Wheeling to-nicht in a
25-round contest before the Mahoning
Athletic Club. Gardner was severely pun
ished.
The golden eagle has great strength. It
lifts and carries off with ease a weight
of eighty pounds.
Swimming at Sutro's.
At Sutro Baths on Sunday, January 27,
the following races will be on the pro
gramme:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— P. Paine, H.
CrlM, R. Buckley, F. Fundln, W. Carroll, T.
Fell. P. Revert. J. O > Brlen, P. Logue. G.
Hughes. E. Wells. D. Kerwln. O. Buzzonl. H.
Smith. J. Mackel. J. Dixon. B. Miller.
Under-water swtmtnln*. dlvlnj: for plates,
hiph divine for Doys — Open to all.
lCv-yard race, amateurs— F. Wolfe, M. Mitch
ell, P. Lo;rue. H. Sanders, P. Levin. O. Lowen
berg. K. F«aii. R. Keeler. J. Bradley. R. Rid
ln*r, C. Korral. C. Fredericks. K. Sunbenr.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— H. Dod
fon, J. Erasmy. G. Wallace, F. Crowder. F.
Brown. J. A. Jackcon, R. Cordell. L. Hay
ward.". W. McGulre. C. Butterworth, J. Gardi
ner. G. Kelber. T. Carter. J. Kelly.
Shooting 1 Bund Notes.
The regular meeting of the National
Shooting Bund was held last night at its
headquarters, 620 Bush street. Delegates
from San Francisco. Sacramento. San
Jose and San Rafael represented their re
spective shooting societies. D. B. Faktor
reported that the prixe committee had al
ready secured prizes to the amount of J3i>.
000. part of which was in the bands of
Treasurer Freden. and that there was
every indication that the prizes at tho
approaching bundesfe3t would far ex
ceed those given at the former contests.
The first prize is to be a large cup mad*
of California gold and silver, surmounted
by a fac simile of the .City Hall dome.
The prize Is the gift of Mayor Phelan.
The committee was Instructed to contract
for the gold and silver medals and to pro
cure new designs for the cups. The press
committee submitted copies of newspapers
and letters from editors and publish
ers, showing that persons In all parts of
the United States take an Interest In the
bundesfest. -A committee, composed of N.
Ahrens, Joseph Straub and Louis Haake,
was authorized to secure quarters for a
business office for the bund, for the con
venience cf the secretaries, committees,
press agent and for Tisiting delegates.
Tammany ve. Royalist; Tod Bloan vi. Moun
tain Beauty; Rolling Boer v*. Montana Jack;
My Selection vs. Maid of the H<11; Beer Brewer
vs. Flying B«!le: Vallejo Queen v*. Mutineer;
High Born Lady vs. Game Cock; Bendalong vs.
Hot Haste; Juliet vs. Lydette: Nellie M vs.
Banner Bright: Uncle Ned vs. Magnetto; Cot
tcn Ball vs. Lexington; Hocklln Belle vr. Com
mander: Bill Blodgett vs. Lavona; Jimmy An
thony v*. Lilac; Belle of Richmond vg. Mas
terpiece; Revolver vs. Brldcet Clara; After
You v*. Lottie M; Emma M v«. McAndrew;
LowUnder vs. Robin Ruff; Buckles vs. Precita
Maid.
VALLEJO, Jan. 2b.— The draw of the
Vallejo Coursing Club for the forty-two
dog stake for next Sunday is as follows:
Coursing Draw at Vallejo.
BERKELEY, Jan. 23.— The athletic
agreement drawn up a year ago between
the University of California and Stanford
University will be discussed and probably
amended at a meeting of the Joint inter
collegiate committee to-morrow afternoon
In the Palace Hotel, San Francisco. At
this meeting Stanford will be represented
by David Brown, Fred Berry and A F
Cantwell. The Berkeley representatives
will be Everett Brown, Reno Hutchinson
and Ralnh Fisher.
The question of the place of holding the
annual varsity football game will form
one of the principal topics of discussion
According to the present agreement the
next game- will bo played at Berkeley, al
ternating each succeeding year with Palo
Alto. Although neither side is prepared
to offer an amendment both are desirous
of thorough discussion on this point. The
California men believe that for the present
at least the managements would suffer
great financial loss should the big game
be playeTl any other place than San Fran
cisco. Stanford will also ask that the sec
tion of the agreement which reads "after
1900 the annual university football games
shall be held on the second Saturday in
November" be ODened for discussion
There is still considerable doubt in both
universities about the practicability of
changing the date of the game from
Thanksgiving day.
Stanford will offer several amendments
She will ask that the mile walk be taken
from the list of track contests; that no
student of the Affiliated Colleges of the
State University be allowed to become a
member of the Berkeley team to comDete
against Stanford: that no student shall
represent his college In athletic events
more than four years; that no graduate
student be allowed to compete in any in
tercollegiate contest:, that the above bo
Into force July 1, 1901. ¦ '
Stanford also wishes an amendment
passed which will require each university
to provide suitable athletic and football
fields with seats for 8000 people. Each uni
versity to pay for the same. Any ex
pense for the construction of extra bleach
ers to be borne jointly by the universities.
ATHLETIC RULES"
TO BE DISCUSSED
On behalf of Price it was contended that
his appointment was legal and that hia
disratement was Illegal. The law on the
issues involved will be submitted for the
consideration of the court on briefs and
hence it will be several weeks before a
decision will be reached.
more free than any other people on earth.
Should the throne atempt to circumscribe
those liberties the people will remind the
throne that they have a power above the
throne when their- freedom Is Involved.
Let it be said there has departed one who
has contributed more to the cause of lib
erty than any other monarch In this age.
"There may have been greater women
on the r throne — a better never. She had
an Insatiate love of her country. To make
it rival Rome in her days of glory was
her ambition."
PRICE PRESENTS PETITION
FOB HIS REINSTATEMENT
Judge Hebbard . Hears Testimony
Bearing on His Disratement as
Lieutenant of Police.
Sergeant of Police William Price, ac
companied by his counsel, appeared before
Judge Hebbard yesterday to prosecute his
petition for a writ of mandate to compel
the Board of Police Commissioners to re
store him to his old rank of lieutenant of
police.
Former Secretary C. P. Wright and B.
L. Cadwalader, present secretary of the
board, testified as to the proceedings
taken at the time of Price's disratement
and by the board on his petition lor re
instatement.
Counsel for the defense in the action
urged that Price was not entitled to re
instatement for the reason that he was
never legally appointed a police lieuten
ant. It being contended that the act of the
old commission In passing a resolution
creating the office of lieutenant of police
was beyond Its legal powers and hence
the resolution is void.
"The world has made the Jew to-day
the most potent factor of civilization. By
denying him education they stimulated
his desire to get It: by forcing him Into
byways* they made him determined to
show himself before the world as the
equal of any man. Constant repression
has made the Jews more potent than If
the world had opened Us arms to them.
"Why are Jews successful to-day? Is It
because they are a chosen people? No! It
is not because of that. It is because of
their repression. That which we easily
procure has no value, but set a man to
gain an object the way to which is beset
with obstacles and chain him as you will
he'll still struggle on and gain the goal.
The world has done us many services,
but none greater than thi3 of repression.
"The world has done us another favor.
It has made us recognize that a religion
must be universal: no racial religion can
receive recognition. Some day our reli
gion must be remodeled . till all peoples
can Join us In our worship and we In
theirs. . -
"You can never go back, for, as the
Bible Itself says, 'you can no more re
turn by Egypt.' No more can you Invest
an old belief with new power. The world
has made us grasp our situation. The
world has made us know that.no matter
though we were the pioneers of religion
we must be now in the advance guard;
we must endeavor to reach those heights
the poets have painted for us. Thanks to
the world, we have of our race to-day
men who can undertake anything within
human power to accomplish."
From the pulpit of Temple Emanu-El
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger last night spoke
feelingly of Queen Victoria In connection
with a lecture on "Royalty In Great Brit
ain." His words In part follow:
"The royalty of England Is not like that
of any other, country. The throne is
closely allied to the people. Royalty In
England is purely an outcome of the elec
toral franchise. - The English people are'
Rabbi Jacob Nieto preached a powerful
sermon last night at Temple Sherith
Israel on what the world has done for the
Jews. He spoke In part as follows:
Repression Mak«s Them
Potent Force Among Men
of All Professions.
WORLD HELPS
THE HEBREWS
Dimensions of Lawson's
New Racing Yacht Are
Made Public.
In -the midship section of both boats
there Is great similarity. Each has a sharo
dead rise, and except that the bilge In
the Lawson boat drops a little below that
of the Columbia, thus showing that she
has more stability of form to the section
than the defender of '99. the boats In re
gard to this all-Important factor of the
greatest transverse sections are very
close, as Is shown by the area of the mid
ship sections, which are as follows: Co
lumbia. 123.(6 square feet: Lawson boat.
125 square feet. So far as stability of form
of the section goes, the Lawson boat has
the greater of the two. In the matter of
displacement again is seen an almost
dead fiat amount, to wit: about 143 tons
for each.
In area of lateral plans Cro wnlnshield
has made a gain over the Columbia, hav
ing about 50 feet less. The center of lat
eral resistance In the Columbia is 51 feet,
while in the Lawson boat It is 55 feet abaf ;
the face of the stem at the load water.
In the shape of the longitudinal section,
except that the center o* lateral resist
ance Is three feet farther aft than it la
In the Columbia, the boats are very much
alike.
BOSTON. Jan. 25.-The Herald to-day
makes public the dimensions of the Law
ion cup defender. The figures are as fol
lows:
Her extreme beam is 24 feet— 2% Inches
narrower than the Columbia — and her
draught Is just the same as the CoIutq
bia, 20 load. Her water line length la 99
feet, and originally she was over 142 feet
over all lensth. but this has been cut
down In the after overhang and across
the stern, where she originally measured 9
feet. She has been made a foot wider.
From the after end of the water Una the
sternpost Is 12 feet 9 Inches under tho
water. The sternpost then rakes at an
angle of 43 degrees and from the point
where it meets the planking of the hull
to the neel It measures 23 feet. From tho
under side of the archboard in the stern
to heel of the sternpost she measures S3
feet 6 inches. In the half-breadth plan,
in the wake of the fore end of the water
line, it measures 16 feet 7 Inches out to th«
outer edge of the deck, and at the ending
of the water line aft It is IS feet. The
forward overhan? is 26 feet and the after
overhang is 24 feet 6 Inches. .
FORM OF NEW
CUP DEFENDER
Herr Zelle. • •
' BERLIN. Jan.; 23.— Herr Zelle, former
Mayor of Berlin. Is dead.
ROME. Jan. 25.— Cardinal Sebastlno Ga
leati. Archbishop of Ravenna, is dead,
aged 79 years. ' . 1 "
Archbishop of Bavenna.
HAMILTON, Ohio, Jan. 25.-The Rev.
Dr. Sheletus B.. Spear, treasurer of Col
gate University from 1S« to 18S9, died her"
to-day, aged 90 years.
Rev. Sheletus B. Spear.
NAPA. Jan. 25.— F. A. Sawyer, a native
of New ' Hampshire, died at Concord, X.
H. yesterday. He was a resident of Napa
for many years and founded the 8awytr
Tanning Company In 1S63. Interment will
take place here.
F. A. Sawyer.
NOGALES, Jan. 25.— John Ely, who died
last night In this city, was perhaps one
of the -best known miners -of the. Pacific
Coast. He was the locator and principal
owner of the famous Raymond & Ely mine
In Nevada, and at one time was reported
to be worth $3,000,000.
John Ely.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 25.—
The lower three classes met to-day and
elected officers for the ensuing semester
A.-E. Cooley was elected president of the
junior class/Chester Naramore president
of the sophomore class and W. C. Wood
president of the freshman class.
Stanford Class Officers.
TACOMA. Jan. 25.— Alaska cannerymen
and salters are preparing a petitton to
the Treasury Department asking that the
order issued last year requiring every
cannery and salting plant in the district
to arrange for the propagation of four
times as many fish each year as are taken
from the Alaskan waters be rescinded
They say that If the Government sees the
necessity for the propagation of salmon
In these waters, It must itself bear the
expense. Aaron G. Lepmann of San Fran
cisco, who owns two canneries on Lynn
Canal, says it will be Impossible for the
cannerymen to establish and maintain
hatcheries at their own expense. Each
hatchery would cost $12,000 to $15 000 a
year, equal to the profits of the ordinary
cannery. ' ,
Salmon Canneries Protest.
Sydney.
VICTORIA. B. C.. Jan. 25.-The steamer
Aorangi. which arrived to-day from Syd •
ney, sailed from that port on I>ecember
31. the day preceding the celebration
marking the Inauguration of the Austra
lian commonwealth. All the plans for tho
inaugural ceremonies had been complet
ed, however. The celebration was to have
continued for nine davs and was usherei
In with special 1 "services of Intercession
for divine blessing- on the commonwealth."
held In the churches of every denomina
tion on New Year's eve. On January 1
the principal event was to have been th»
swearing-in ceremony of the new Federal
Government, headed bv Premier Barton.
This was intended to be a most Impres
sive occasion. A choir of twelve thousand
voices had been drilled for participation
In this ceremony. The military feature
of the immense procession preceding the
swearing in was to have Included ten
regiments, besides mounted constables
native and civic police, foreign end dome^'
tic societies and representatives of every
profession, trade and business. Pyrotech
nic displays and naval illuminations wen*
planned for each evening of the nine days"
celebration except Sunday, so that with
a dally programme of entertainment Syd
ney was continuously en fete.
monwealth. Celebration at
One Feature of the Australian Com-
CHOIR OF TWELVE
THOUSAND VOICES
Freshman class— President." M. Ttael^n and
Orval Overall; first vice president. Fletcher
Hamilton; second vice president, F. Mandel
and A. C. Wumenthal; treasurer. F. C Gale
and H. F. White: secretary. Miss B. Snow.
Wins Irene Hazard and Miss M. A. Casterlin :
auditor. G. F. Beard. W. a. Foster and H #
F. Skinner; sergeant at arms, Sam M. Stow
track captain. Monte Cooley and H. C. Cheek
Sophomore class— President. Earl H. McCol
lister and Allen Matthew; first vice president
Miss Grace Barnett; second vice president £.
Mini; treasurer, G K. Judy; secretary, Mljg
Edna Wemple; sergeant at arms. William
Fox. J. M. Koford and S. R. thinnenbaum.
Junior class— President. R. R. Service and
H. Hailey; first vice president. F. M. Allen
and C. C. Dakln; second vice president Miss
Kate Smith; secretary. H. H. Klen^el- ser
geant at arms. S. Murray, R. H. Kelley A
W. Perry. Reuben Hunt. J. J. Earle and John
Kfhleman; executive committee, J. R. Pink
1-arn. G. C Mansfield, w. H. Dorn and Miss
Uabel Jarvis.
BERKELEY. Jan. 25.— The freshman,
sophomore and junior classes of the Uni
versity of California held meetings to-day
and nominated officers for the ensuing
terms. Elections will be held next week..
The following nominations were made:
to Hold Their Semi-Annual
Elections Next Week.
Juniors, Sophomores and Freshmen
university classes
nominate officers
Bessie McDonough is small of, stature
and not extraordinarily attractive In ap
pearance. Her story is that Lambert led
her to believe that he was a single man.
After their marriage he began to abuse
her and would beat her. she says, on the
slightest provocation. She bore his ill
usage till two lights ago, when he gave
her an unmercilul beating and kicked her
after throwing her to the floor; She de
cided to leave him, and went to her sis
ters, telling ihim of her troubles. Her
eldest sister started an investigation, and
when she discovered yesterday morning
that .Lambert was a bigamist she notified
the police and his arrest followed.
Lambert takes his arrest coolly and does
not seem at all worried about the out
come. He throws aspersions upon his
first wife's character, and Is equally sar
castic In speaking: of the reputation of the
girl he led into a false marriage. He did
not deny beating her with his fists, but
denied kicking her. He says he does not
know where his first wife is, nor does he
care.
that he did not want to give his real
name.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 23.— The Santa. Clara
County Epworth League held an all day
and night session at he Webster-street
Methodist Church in East San Jose to
day. Several hundred delegates from va
rious parts of the county were present.
Mrs. E. S. Johnson, the president, pre
sided. The other officers are: Vice presi
dent. Mrs F. A. Lamb; secretary. Miss
L. M. Bird; treasurer, Mrs. J. M. Ben
netts. Many interesting papers were read.
At the evening session Rev. H. F. Brlggs
of San Francisco delivered an address on
"The Forward Movement of the Twen
tieth Century" and Rev. Thomas Filben
of College Park on "The International
Convention of 190L" .
Epworth League Convention.
LONDON. Jan. 26.— "While the Queen
Regent and her children were boating in
the royal park on the outskirts of Madrid
to-day." says the Madrid correspondent of
the Daily Express, "a shot was fired from
the bank and penetrated the gunwale of
the boat. The park was searched, but
the assailant was not discovered. The
Queen Regent was considerably alarmed.
Bullet Is Fired From
Cover.
While Boating in the Royal Park &
ATTEMPTS TO KXLI.
QUEEN REGENT OF SPAIN
A baby was born to the young couple
but soon died, and Lambert says that his
wife deserted him about a year aeo.
About two months ago he met Bessie Mc-
Donough, a young girl who lived with her
two sisters at 315U Langton street. He
alleges that he told her he was a married
man. but she was crazy to marry him.
and on January 12 they went to Oakland
and were married by Justice of the Peace
Quinn. Lambert was married under the
name of Walter Regan, and he explains
WALTER LAMBERT, a ped
dler, living at 292 Natoma
street, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Policeman
George Tracey and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of bigamy.
He Is only 21 years of age. and when he
married Lillie Cronin, an orphan girl, liv
ing at Fourth and Bryant streets, nearly
three years ago tie was barely nineteen,
although at that time he gave his age as
21. They were married by a Justice of the
Peace at the City Hall.
TOUNG BIGAMIST AS HE APPEARED IN HIS CELL SHORTLY. AFTER
HIS ARREST ON COMPLAINT OF THE SISTER OF HIS SECOND |
WIFE.
OAKLAND, Jan 25. — Mayor, "Walter
G. Manuel; City Attorney, W. A.
Dow; City Engineer, M. K. Mil
ler; Treasurer. Felton Taylor;
Auditor. A. H. Breed.
These five nominations were made
by the Municipal League conven
tion this evening. It took less than ten
minutes to agree on the nominations after
the convention got to work, but it took
more than three hours to get to work, and
the convention did not get down to mak
ing nominations until after part of the
Fifth Ward delegation and scattering
delegates from one or two other wards
had walked out of the hall and refused
to participate.
The split came when the convention
went into executive session, as Is usual In
conventions of the Municipal League, arid
started to caucus upon candidates. A
proposition was made that the convention
nominate the five general officers to-night
and leave the ward officers to the future.
This brought out opposition from almost
the entire Fifth Ward delegation and
from a few members of other delegations,
but it was evident that the bulk ofv the
convention was willing to nominate at
once and had Us mind made up as to
candidates. John E. Farnum and H. A.
Powell were the chief advocates of Imme
diate procedure, while D. Edward Collins
and B. H. Chamberlain wanted the con
vention Co merely organize and then ad
journ.
When the convention returned to publtc
gaze once more the larger portion of the
Fifth Ward delegation, including D. Ed
ward Collins, A. T. Stewart, F. F. Bar-
"The established precwient of the Mu
nicipal League conventions has been to
organize and then adjourn, and In every
case to have candidates appear before the
convention In executive session for dis
cussion. The Fifth Ward has not held a
meeting and has not been together either
to consider ward or general nominations.
We have not had the opportunity to con
sult with candidates and we object to this
hurried and unusual method of procedure
rather than to individual candidates. We
came to the convention to-night expect
ing to consult, with the different candi
dates and then adjourn until next week
or at least until to-morrow night in order
to have an opportunity to form some opin
ion upon nominees. The Municipal League
should maintain its integrity and be dom
inated neither by the committee of twen
ty-eight nor the conviittee of twenty-one.
To offer fifteen minutes Is worse than to
have refused to recognize our claims at
all." •
bour. H. M. A. Miller, P. R. Thayer.
George T. Hawley, George W. McNear Jr.,
D. C. Borland and some others, and R. H.
Chamberlain of the. Seventh Ward, did
not accompany the main body.
The convention was at a loss what to
do for a while. Motions were made that
the entire convention once more go Into
executive session, and another that the
public be excluded from the room, which
motloa the marshal started to execute.
Then John E. Farnum Jumped to his feet
and moved that If the Fifth Ward.dele
gates wanted to consider candidates or do
anything else they be given fifteen min
utes In which to do It. C. S. Cushlng
made an effort to pour oil upon the
troubled waters, but with Indifferent suc
cess and those who had objected most
strenuously to the procedure left the con
vention hall.
Those who walked out made a statement
to-night as follows:
The Republican Convention will nomi
nate Anson Barstow for Mayor. James A.
Johnson for City Attorney: Fred C. Tur
ner. City Engineer, and George Gross.
Auditor.
The Republican Convention will meet to
morrow and an effort will be made to have
Gllpin placed on thai ticket, even though
GUptn denounced the committee of twen
ty-eight and cast hla lot with, the others
who did not brine his name before the
convention.
This is the first fleht of the kind that
has ever taken place in the league, which
has been noted for Its harmony. The de
feat of Gllpin for Treasurer contributed
In some measure to it.
The convention was called to order by
President Cary Howard of the league.
who was chosen chairman of the conven
tion. After the rollcall of the delegates
the secretary read the league platform.
which was unanimously adopted by the
convention. The platform declares for
economy and progress, demands that pub
lic improvements be carded out, points
out the record of the league on the water
front fight, declares for municipal owner
ship of the water supply ajsd advocates
a firm control over corporations. The
Republican City Central Committee Is de
nounced as given over to the agents of
"certain corporate powers."
After provision had been made for rill
ing vacancies In the ward delegations the
convention went into executive session
and then came the nght that ended in the
walk-out.
The work of the convention proceeded
after the withdrawal of the bolters. Sec
retary L. G. Burpee and John Fearn of
the Fifth Ward delegation each made
statements to-night that only seven mem
bers of the Fifth Ward delegation walked
out and that eight remained, and that
thus a majority of the delegation voted
with the convention.
TRl'CKEE. Jan. 25.— In a drunken row
thle afternoon at Floriston Henry Haus
man cut William Watkins with a razor,
nearly severing the jugular vein. Watkins
will die. Hausman is in Jail here.
Razor Put to Deadly Use.
SALEM. Or., Jan. 23.— The Senate to-day
passed a bill providing that the people
t-e given the right to express by ballot at
the regular State elections their choice
for United States Senator.
Favors Popular Vote.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 25.— Harry Smith, a
f^eak thief, who has been In the San
Francisco and Oakland, police courts
many times, was arrested here to-day on
a charge of burglary by Detective Pick
ering. He broke into a room in a lodging
hcuf-e on West San Fernando street and
rtole some clothing and other articles
from Charles Clark. The booty was re
covered in a pawnshop, where Smith was
positively Identified as the man who had
Fold it. Smith was released from Jail In
San Francisco three weeks ago. after
serving six months for petty larceny.
Sneakthief Caught.
Death of the Queen Puts a Stop to
Diplomatic Work at
Peking.
PEKING. Jan. 25.— Owing to Queen Vic
toria's death there has been a temporary
cessation cf the peace negotiations. The
various nations to-day fired minute guns
In honor of her Majesty.
The request of Prince Chinr and Li
Hunu Chan? for the transfer of the For
bidden City to the Chinese. In order that
preparations may be made for the Empe
ror b return, has been referred by the sen
erals to the Ministers, who have replied
that thpy saw no reason to alter the pre
vious decision that the Chinese might
show deeds proving their desire to comply
with the demands of the joint note before
any concessions would be granted.
The Russian authorities have refused to
have any share in the fortification of
Chingwantao. claiming that it merely
guards the mines and other property be
lonplng to the English, and that It is'Eng- !
land's duty to bear the whole cost of the i
TZMPOEABY CESSATION
OF PEACE NEGOTIATIONS
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 23.— Great de
vastation was caused and a number of
natives were Crowned during the hurri
cane in the New Hebrides on the 7th, Sth
and Sth cf December according- to news
brought by the Aorangl. At Herberts
hohe, while the settlement was asleep, a
tremendous sea carried lighters, boats
ar.d wreckage of all descriptions ashore.
A number of craft were wrecked. The
steamer Stettin, the steamer yacht El
borard ar.d the Government steamer
Stephan were Faved by running to Matupl
for fhelter. The mission steamer King
fisher was totally wrecked and the Gov
ernment wharf was washed away
On December S the stone breakwater
Furroundir.g the New Guinea wharves
pave way and the vessels inside were all
wrecked, with losses amounting to 100 OOQ
marks. A number of natives were
drowned and many injured.
Ashore.
Number of Craft Are Driven
Many Lives Are Host and a Large
HTJBKICAITE'S DAMAGE
IN THE NEW HEBRIDES
There will be a bill, drawn by Colonel
Bare-ham. aa5=1<«tant adjutant general.
dealing with the subject of the volun
teer? p.vA allowine them continuous ser
vice during the t'me they were out.
The bill introduced will not be the only
National Guard measure, nor the most
Important one. There is now one under
process of incubation which has for Kb
object the- abolition of the office and staff
of ma'or eeneral. centering the maior
srenerar? authority in the Governor and
leavlre- the adiutant peneral the execu
tive head of the puard. This measure
undoubtedly will receive the support of
the adiutant jreneral's office.
The affairs of the signal corps arc
given much attention in the bill, and
provision is made to put the corps on
a footing very much like that of the
regular army corps. There are a!s=o.ppv
eral provisions Insuring the rights and
exemptions for long service to those who
perved in the Spanish war. The raalor
per.eral Is allowed JlTOO a year, double Us
present headquarters allowance, and sani
tary corps are allowed $50 a month. where
at present they pet practically nothing.
Among the new officers are a com
mander, to be a member of the Gov
ernor's staff; a commander to take rank
next below the captain commanding; a
paymaster with the rank of lieutenant
commander: a passed assistant and »n
assistant paymaster with the rank of
ensign, and a surgeon, with the rank o*
lieutenant commander. The officers
dropped are a navigator and an ordnance
oSioer. whose duties are assigned to a
lieutenant, to be elected to the staff o*
the captain commanding. This is a net
gain of four officers, and all of them of
hish rar.k.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jar.. 2f.— The first of the Na
tional Guard bills, accepted at a recent
meeting of the National Guard officers,
¦era* presented by request by Senator
Hory jesterday. There are no radical
charges of the present law, but there is
a general straightening out of disputed
points. The Naval Militia has come In
for a fair share of the legislation pro
posed, and most of it is along the line of
increasing rank. New officers are pro
vided for, and two are dropped.
the First of the Militia
Bills.
Senator Hbey by Bequest Introduces
MEASTJBES APFECTING
THE NATIONAL GUARD
THE NOMINEE OF THE MUNICIPAL LEAGUE FOR MAYOR OF OAKLAND AND THE MAN "WHO WILL BE
NAMED BY THE REPUBLICANS OF THE BAY CITY TO-DAY TO HEAD THE PARTY TICKET IN THE COM
MNG CAMPAIGN.
TlcketUs QuicklTj Agreed Upon Afters Delegates Who Protes
Against Immediate Action Walk Out of the Building.
After Engineer Moore had been excused
Secretary Edward McGary of the water
company was called by the company's
attorneys to complete some unfinished
data regarding running expenses.
The witness began with July. 1900. Judge
Hayne at once objected and wanted to
know why they didn't take some of the
months before the trial began. A reason
appeared when the figures were given
Whereas, the expense of pumping at Al
varado prior to July. 1900. averaged in the
neighborhood of $1500. the figures of the
succeeding months' were:- Julv, $2273 *o*
August. J2fi27 01: September. J3SSS 22- Octo
ber. ?4T53 49; November, J26S5 99; Decem
ber, ?2328 53.
Judge Hayne protested against the use
of these data In. estimating the company's
running expenses. He pointed out that
nothing would be easier than to force up
the expenses since the beginning of the
SUlta - r- . 1 . - i ¦ ¦
"But you know that yrhen it comes to
carry out a plan there are always unfore
seen expenses?" hazarded the attorney.
"I have allowed 20 per cent of the gross
sum of my estimates as a contingent fund
to provide for all extra expenses," replied
the witness. "It is my Judgment that
that Is ample."
Asked whether his figures would not be
Inadequate to cover the expense of actual
construction work, the -ivitness said that
ajf an engineer he should feel lustiried in
advising a client on th<> strength of hla
estimates. ;
"I cannot undertake to Judge." he ex
plained, "what compensation a water
company would in equity be entitled to for
the loss of its business. But the value
of the plant itself depends on the cost of
duplication and on that alone."
"Yes," answered Engineer Moore, "it 1?.
The patrons may not be paying what it is
worth, but its worth Is tnere just the
same. The city of Santa Rosa charges
nothing for water, but the plant is worth
what it would cost to replace It. Of
course, the demand for the water is pre
supposed."
"But do you place no value on the good
will of a company, the chance of Its busi
ness increasing, and should not a com
pany be recompensed for its early losses?"
The witness thought this had nothing
to do with the subject on which he had
been called to testify, namely, the value
of the Contra Costa Company's water sys
tem. .
The court allowed the questions to go In,
although not strictly relevant, on the
ground that they would test the theory of
valuation upon which the witness had
based his calculations. The questions all
aimed at the admission of outside factors
as parts ol the basis of valuation for
water plants. Demand, rates and avail
ability of supply were all considered, but
the witness resisted every attempt to
move him from his original mode of com
putation. The water company's experts
based their calculations in a large meas
ure upon a supposed exclusive control of
the sources of supply by the Contra
Costa Company. This factor has so far
been absolutely ignored by the experts
called by the city to fix the value of the
company's plant.
"Supposing," said McCutchen, "sup
posing that a plant is yielding no income
at all. Now you don't mean to say that
It Is still worth what it would cost to re
produce it?" \
When the water rate case was called
this morning Attorney McCutchen began
on a new list of catch questions, which he
had devised for the undoing of Engineer
C. E. Moore, the city's expert, who. at
yesterday's hearing, placed a valuation of
less than three millions on' the Contra
Costa Compcny's system.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 25.
Contra Costa Company's Attorneys
Still Over Three Millions Short
of Figures for Which They
Hare Contended.
Cross -^Questions Do Not
Alter Estimated Value
of Water Plant.
EXPERT STANDS
PAT ON FIGURES
Martin C. Hassett. ettorney for the
Public Administrator. anJ William Cos
tello have been technically charged with
conspiracy In a suit filed yesterday by
Marj' F. Barron. af administratrix cf the
estate cf the late George E. Barron. In
the action the plair.^iSf charjres that Has.
tett and Costello unlawfully withheld pos
session of two policies on the life of the
deceased— one for S10.000. the other for
$4000 — collected the suae and converted
the money in th^ir own use.
In the complaint it is admitted that
pome time prior to Uarron'p death Cos
tello advanced him 53700. taking as se
curity for the loan «iji insurance policy on
his life fir 519.000. Later, it is alleged.
Barren intrusted Hat-sett with the poMcv
for $4000. Subsequently. In July of 1S37
shortly before Barren's death, it is
claimed he paid Costello the $3700 bor
rowed, together with accrued interest but
failed to secure the return of. the life in
surance policy given as security. After
Barren's death both policies were pre
sented by Costello for collection and were
honored, the sum of $13,893 23 being paid
thereon, the balance being withheld in
liquidation of unpaid premiums.
Mary F. Barren, who Is a daughter of
the deceased, now cJalrns that out of the
J4000 policy Hassett got J1K»3 29 and Cos
tello $2000. and out of the division of the
fum collected on the $10,000 policy Has
*ett secured J3000. Costello J65O) and c
Third party, who is not named, the bal
ance—$1500. The collection on the policies
and the division of the funds Mr?. Bar
ron claims was the result of a conspiracy
and hence she prays that judgment for
double the sum of $13.K>3 2?. under the pen
alty statutes, be awarded her against the
defendants.
Mary F. Barron Sues Law
yer Hassett and William
Costello.
Calms They Collected Thousands on
Policies on Life of Her De
ceased Father and Kept
the Same.
MAKES CHARGES
OF CONSPIRACY
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE CONVENTION
NOMINATES MANUEL FOR MAYOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CAI^L, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1901;
11
MARRIES TWO GIRLS
AND LANDS IN JAIL
Walter Lambert, a Youthful. Husband,
Is Guilt]] of Blgamu.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
I Expert Opinion Unanimous I
jqg IX DECLARING \&
I© THE SAFEST AND BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN. ||
Q$ Senator Professor Paul Mante£axxa, Florence, Italy, vrr lies' &&
¦fi& ' "Hunj-afil Janos Is certainly the best aperient water, serins ttat a dose of from
. bS[ , one-half .to a glassful secures an Immediate and painless eracaatloo. Vlrchovr de- v£?
, scribed At as 'most raluable,' and (he foremost clinical physicians of Germany fifc\
/JTX ¦ bare employed it with the greatest success." "
® For Constipation, Biliousness &Torpxd Liver @
H A Q 1/ for tiic fall Name, C I J\ D PTI «* »¦*« *it» @
gg /VOI\ "Hnnjaair Janos." { LAdLL PScE" 1 " #
"¦¦...- ¦ ¦ : • . - v *>'
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Brcrno-Quinlne Tablets. "THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JANUARY 26, 1901.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. '
BUSINESS OFFICE of *The Ean Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until :2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet,
corner CUy; open until »:30 p. m. — '
Cf* Hayes street; open until S:30 p. m.
€?3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lerkin Etreet; cj>en until 3:30 p. m.
3^41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
r2GI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 ji. m.
l'« Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1Q'.4 Valencia street: cr*n until 9 p. ro.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Ftneets; open until 3 p. m.
MEETI.\G \OTICES.
TliE regular monthly meeting of the »
I'ast Masters' Association. F. and A. -A\-
II.. of California will be held at Ma- y£>\
ennic Temiile on SATURDAY EVE>"-'V^
I2CO. January 2G. UW. at 8 o'clock p. m. By
or<ior of. the president.
PCTEK T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
EXCELPIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. <£¦«{**£&.
1. O. o. F. — Secular meeting s?g~ggjg.
THIS rSATUBDATJ EVENIN-G.
First degree. "#auw
A. IC. KIN'GSFORD. D. M.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodse No. 131, I. <^>^LfZ"
0 O F.— The ''.m.-nii of n-jr lute iv-£^2KCi
rmther. C. 1\ UISSCKXJBY. will
lw» held on EUKDAT, Jan. 27. at -"^'•»-
1:30 p. rn.. In San I^esndro, under the aus-
plcet of San Lear.dro Lottce No. 231, I. O.
O. F. Mem!>ers are requested to attend. Take
32 o'clock boat. M. J. BUIZARD. N. G.
W. L. kaSOESB. R. S.
NOTICE— To th» shareholders of the -JfNw
Ir.depender.t Red Men's Hall Asso- vj**^*-
ciation: You are hereby notified rh»_
that the annual general meeting of share-
holders cf the above association will take
pltce on TUESDAY, January 23, at 8 p. m.
in the Red Men's Hall. £10 Bush st.
H. GRIEB, President.
B. A. SAMMANN*. Secretary.
THE members of The IZ^-^
Society of California jfi&$$Sv^<A&*Sbk
}',:.< <T5 r-.ro requesu-d
to meet at IV.ref-r Hail S»O^r|^-MwjOTH
TO-PAT (Saturday) at /*&i±3&J&?
tend the funeral of ourv «^™»^ mS&^O' sm
late fellow member. CHARLES G. SHIP-
MAN. WM. L. DUNCAN. Marshal.
511E California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by tiie hydraulic
1 rocpss from I'eter II. Russe!!. in the Dad's
Gulch mine, near Camptonville, Yuba Co.,
tr> deposit tailinss In Brandy Creek; from
•A'm. Abbott and Louis W. Clark, in the
Oold Hill placer mine, near Rackerby. Tuba
Co.. to deposit tailings In a ravine below the
rr.ine, and from E. C. and I*. J. Rigney. in
th" Maxc-y n-.ine. near Mountain Ranch. Cal-
ftveras Co.. to deposit tailings In O'Neil'B
.Cre«k. gives notice that a iSeeting will be
tel'l at room £?. Flood buiMing. ban Kran-
iisco, Cal., on February 1L 1SU1, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual r.jeeting of the stockhold-
er* of tlie California Schuetzen Club Park
and Building Association will be held at Ein-
tracht Ha:i en WEDNESDAY. January SO.
1S01. at S p. m., fur the purpose of electlni-
•oven directors, end the transaction of such
b'Jsir.ess as may come before the meetinc.
PHILO JACOBV. President.
O. BRE&fER. Secretary.
THE regular annual useetlni* of the stockhold-
er? of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
San Francisco will be held at the offlce cf
the company In the Union Trust Company's
r>i:il<5in|-, corner Montgomery, Post and Mar-
ket Ft?.. San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY.
the 4th day of February. 1901. at the hour of
S o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the company and the transaction of euch
other business as may come before the meet-
lng. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Recular annual meeting of
the stockholders cf the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at th» offlce of the
cempany. T.2~ Market ft., San Francisco. Cat.,
on MONDAY, the 2Sth day of January. 1901.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Beard of Directors to serve
Jcr the ensuing year and the transaction of
fuch ether busir.es* as rr.ay come before the
rreetlr.p. Transfer bocks will close en Thurs-
ciy. January 17. 1SC1. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
TO the Etockholders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby riven that a ceneral meetinp cf the
*tcckhclders and members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at Its
office an<5 place of business. No. 1200 Market
*t.. in the city and county of San Francisco,
Ftate e.t California, en SATURDAY, the 26th
£»y rf January. 1901. at the hcur of !1
o'clock rn.. the object of eaid meeting being
ttie removal from office cf the following
ramed directors cf eaid coDoratlon. to wit:
C. IT. Koehncke, Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
if'jeller end Alfred Fuhrman. and that at
cuch meeting It Is the intention of the under-
r'jroed to rrfpose the removal of each of cail
director*, end also at raid meeting the repeal.
Bir.er.rtment and adoption «f new by-laws will
be considered. CIIAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kasp Company.
BORROW on diamond*: perfect secrecy: prl-
va(» ftitmrxv UNTILE HARRIS. IS Grant bv.
AGENTS WASTED.
AOENT In ever;' town: new Imported hous?*-
hojii necessity; W\ thing on the coast.
Aidrrrs Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldR.. S.F.
SIC" 1 TO jr.rn rx?r month: men or women: salary
or corpmisF'.un or both. 927 Market St.. r. C15;
ADOPTION.
HKAI.THT haby for adoption. JIRiC Dliu
FT'NKE. 141'i KIgV.th ft.. Alameda.
JLTTO&XEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fre»: divorce law a specialty; private;
7T> fee wtthant ¦access: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S.^0 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. PMITIT, mining and probate law a
gpeclhlty. Mills blft.. r. 3. 4th fir. : tel. Red 3616.
AI>VICE fr«H»: no charee unless successful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 973 Market st.. opp. Mason.
I.. P. CLARK. Krnma Spreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
fcet Ft. ; cnyultati'>n free: no fees- in advance.
ASPHALTIM UOOFIXG.
J. PHI.Tinn. csrhalt roofing, -sidewalks re-
ra'.red: r-ostal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Fo!som 1607.
HATH CABIXKTS.
ELrCTPIC light batlT^aibTr^ts^to'TeTTnT^or
Kale. IT'S Point Lobos ave.
IIOARDIXG FOR CHILDIIE.V.
GIRL 12 or 13 years old can have good home
with privilege of goinjt to school In exchange
for lUrht services. Address N. II. L., Ehell-
ville, Sonoma County.
Bcsnosss ciiANcrcs.
A — tTW; CANDY and Icecream parlor; rent $23;
a place establ. years and doinjr a pood busi-
ness; owner compelled to leave city at enqe:
rare chance. It. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— J3000; CHOP house and oyster grotto; near
Ercpcn-ium; rent 1125; lease: daily receipts
t : ,fU». Particulars R. O. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
Ji— 1800; COR. butcher chop, in northern part of
city; rent S!0: horse, cart: selling 4 cattle
and about IS sheep per week; a cash custom.
Call R. G. WILKE, KH Kearny et.
A— K'OO: WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with apency for one of the largest wineries
1p the State; a rushins bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
ciral ftrpot. Call It. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A— t.VO; THIRD interest In laundry company;
doing a first-class' business: retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply It. G. WILKE
IS^ Kearny tt.
•A — ONE «if the best saloons with commercial
lunch; clcre to Palace Hotel; rent S50: owner
»ick in bed: a great Facriflce; only $300 ca«h
cln-nn needed. K. G. WILKE. 26',j Kearny gt.
A— JSOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
Ft.: rer.t SZO: place estab. to years; must sell,
es owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right rarty. It. G. WILKE. IS'A Kearny.
PARTNER wanted In a larce. old-established
profitable business, controlling a good safe
polld and reliable trade: owing to retirement
of former mar.agrr owner has decided to sell
nn interest to an acceptable party: duties
will be. th» keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally in the management of the busil-
nej;?: capital required $5000 to $10,000- .full
va^ue in y'.jrht; books and business ope'n for
Io5!^Mart^S!f J - W - D <^ELLY &
A— HOTEL near Union Iron Works; big hnr-
jrain: come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt
A— REKTAKRANT; north Market: with II vine
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— HOME Vitohfn and delicacy i=tore; fine lo-
cation. COWING & CO., 713 Market at.
¦A— ""-'ANTED— A rood tenant for grand comer
rtore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
fracery buslne£«; special inducements At>-
Ply PPECK & CO.. CC7 Market st. ;
fKC— PARTNER want«d: can make $uo r*r
Trionth: only good. acU--e man reed apply.
California Duflnosa Aes'n. «63 Market et.
t4r.o— LAUNDP.Y rout*, v.ith good hor*e and
"¦agon. MfJ-AT.V'HLIX & CO.. 777% Market.
OPrORTl'NITT foTThe right party with
rpeans to invert in a business thslt will *clipse
oil or min«nr. Address Personal. P O box
_JCS. Fan Jose. Cal. * '
LAI'NI>RY route in lanr-«t and oldest estab-
liFhed laundry In city; *«.3O. AddreES box 1323.
rail offlce.
FOR f=ale— Fine route In .Oakland: over CM
papers: in-lce reasonable. Ap^ly 1311 Pa-ific
eve., Alameda.
LADY *rith small fum of money would I!k<»
r^rtner f» start buslrTerr: must have seme
capital. Eox 1S27, Call offlce.
j BUSINESS CHAXCES — CONTINUED.
¦ FIRST-CLASS saloon: elegant fixtures; must
Fell before February 1; o\v,«er must go north;
trial given: easy terms; see this bargain.
Apply to DECKER; 1020 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale; fine location: doing
a gecd-paying business. H. C. DECKER,
1C20 Market Et.
TO buy. sell or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on II. C. DECKER,* 1020
Market Ft. No charges for advertising. '
FOR sale — Good-paying hand laundry, and
furnished house for rent; no dealers. Minna
St.. near Seventh. ~"\ .
$75 WILL buy sniall lunch house doing nice
business. Apply 90S»i Howard St.
j--0— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 309, 12 m. to 1 p. m., and 5 to 5:30.
. $Cf«— RESTAURANT: block so. Market: clears
¥100 mo.; rent $40; 3 llv. rms. Basllc. 3 Eddy.
MAN nnd wife want ranch to run. Box 1363,
Call offlce.
FOR eale — An old-established laundry, com-
plete in all details; good-paying route; to be
fold on account of sickness. For further par-
ticulars apply to MRS. LOUISE SEIDEL,
1010 Florida St.. Vallejo. Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. App'.y
Call Business Office.
GENERAL merchandise store fcr sale at In-
voice price for $2000; part down, balance on
easy terms: 7 years established. Address
P. O. box 2, Brentwood, CaL
AA — $400: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
?30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons, 921". Market, r. 4.
GOOD saloon for eale. Apply at 423 Fourth st.
COMPLETE grocer's outfit for sale. Twenty-
« fourth and Alabama sts.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
$S:0 — CORNER saloon; funny living rooms;
must be sold before February 1. . 554 Fourth.
FOR Sale— Restaurant doing good business;
present owner been there 5 years; sale on ac-
count of leaving city. Box 1378, Call ofnee.
$3(.iO — HALF Interest In Job printing office; long
established; plenty work. 402 McAllister st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore St.
I .
I A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptlor.s has been established at 1056
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SG-ROQM house; clears~$100; pTne st. ... $S5O
16 rooms; north of Market et 750
SO- room boarding-house: clears $300 ECOO
10-rocm flat: downtown 600
14 room*; on Mission st 600
EO rooms; new furniture: $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms; on Third at 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears 1200 1500
24 rooms; on Geary st.: clears $150 1900
TS rooms; on Kearny st. ; clears JliO 1600
S3 rooms; on Market Ft 1400
12 rooms; clears $75 450
600 others— Prices from $100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 79«.
WINDSOR HOTEL
By order from court we are authorized to sell
the Windsor Hotel, corner Market and Fifth
sts.. Pan Francisco, to the highest and best
bidder: contains 10j rooms; rent $600: long
leape: fine business: nicely furnished. DAVIS
& RIVES, Columbian bldg.. 916 Market st.
10 ROOMS; newly furnished; payments.... $350
C3 rooms: clears $300; will loan half 6500
in room?; very cheap; only $259 cash 500
rr.o.ooo to loan at 1H per cent; tel. Main 12S.
DAVIS & RIVES. 916 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list cf lodging-houses and hotels; can
suit all buyers; employ 5 persons who are
daily adding new houses to list; title giver;
tilth each house sold; money loaned buyers:
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. S17 Market et.. tel. Mint 1911.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St. ~~~
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700
«8 rooms; north of Market 2700
' 26 rooms; sunny corner 2100
31 rooms; worth $2500; reduced to 1300
20 rooms; corner (new); rent $65 1300
CO ROOMS: newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
37 rooms: money-maker; near Market.... 1900
2<) rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.: extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50 W0
10 rooms, $450: 10 rooms, quick S50
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St., room
6 — Big bargain list in offlce; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full. **
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearay St.. rm.6.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have, them In any part of the city and «t
any rrlce. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth st.
IS ROOMS. 5?00; $300 down. bal. 1%; good pay-
ing house: cause of selling, sickness; call to-
day. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1.
FOR sale— A 11-room house, well furnished;
piano: flrst-claps location: good paying house;
price nCCO. Box 1317. Call offlce.
WANTED— To buy or to take charge of It:
Lodging nr boarding house, with 50 to 100
rooms. Box 1269. Call offlce.
$050—24 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
16-ROOM lodging-house; nicely furnished; all
occupied: cheap rent. Call 231 Third st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice in ail affairs of life, law-
RUits. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
513 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, rned. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
-Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. LESTER— Readings daily; circle every
eve., 10c, except Wed.; devel. circle. 2C2 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readlncst dally, 10 to 30. 1104 Market, room 14.
EARLE. SC5 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MMe! MAJORS, zifud spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers. 11214 Oak. trance medium;
readings fl; hours 1-5 p. m. : tel. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYANTS.' ~
MME M™B ER NA RD~~ """"" ~™~ ""*""
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third St.. next
Examiner building. fc'he reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur In the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied in life, or have* domesMc, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told bow to overcome them.
Valuable advice in, a!l affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall; write for Informa-
tion; 2.'«c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.-
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of the
unseen forces is invaluable to professional
and business men, to wives and lovers; follow
her advice "and you will make no mistake.
1104 Market St., corner Mason, room 2S.
MRS. DR. F. 'CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wondtrful clairvoyant- & card
reader, born with ilouble veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and ciair. sit. $150. 116 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant anl
palmist, permanently located 1148' Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally,- 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LA ROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEREDA. the gipsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, business me-
dlum; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. 8-10.
MME. 6CHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader-
fittings daily. 44S»4 Jessie st. .
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy; private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
MRS. Melvill. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. ll,*>th;German spoken ; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. FABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
leaves; business advice. 15C4 Market, r. 31-32.
MME. SYBJLLE— Cradle to grave; future' hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. .914 O'Farrell St.
| MME. AUGUST.- clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. , 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
. advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
cmnoponisTs.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown " nails, warts, chil-
b.alns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, large yard.~rent~$3 aT
ply 1300 Florida Et...cor. Twenty-fifth. :
TyvnXTV-FII'TH. 3$33-CotU.se of . 3 rooms;
J large yo"-'': rent IS.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehema st. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per:yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth et.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
teL Main 894. GE6. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 123 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
COLLECTIOX
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, S27 Market St.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTlRO^D^KN^'fAL^LTNrc7^9~Mar^
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
S3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hour*. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. - M. . P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 20 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. ' See our new
unbreakable plate, Ihe Rose Pearl, warranted
for 10 years: crowns, $3 60; fillings. 50c; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ¦
EIGHT 'prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. COc; gas given.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S., 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painlett" ; evenings and Sun-
(fays. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
THE New York DentiBts have moved to 969
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 60c.
-SET of • teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUN'O. 1S41 Polk st. ¦ ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
F^ES.'fNG^^HOoTr^r^~BUsTNESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market St.; Individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
jear got position*. SAN FRANCISCO MUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt.— Day
nnd evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
chip guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Ehorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, eto.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
pchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS 'COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract.
»nd can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; , Pitman sys-
tem: private lessons by an- experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exn. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyaplde. arch.; day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from U to J1000. at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merki. reliable teacher. IOCS Mission st.
FRENCH.Spanish.ete.Prof.DeFtlippe's Academy
cf languages. 320 Post: estab' dlS71: ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typlng^Bookkeep-
Ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo.. 1024. Mission, nr. Cth.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
i ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
j for speech. Calhoun's School, Golden Gate
j Hall. C25 Sutter "st. -
I ' . - g
• EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
(JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
I 1570: practical recommend: try them: removed
j to 419 Devisadero; tel. Fell J36.-F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help ot all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post fit.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. £26 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
| flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
A B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
I ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
, ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
| nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Blac4|507Z.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN woman wishes place; good cook nnd
houseworker: country preferred. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter et.
AN exjierienced woman would like work in
I restaurant, boarding and lunch house, to
work from 9 to 3; to wait or assist in kitchen.
Call or address 2C4 First St., upstair*.
YOUNG lady, French teacher, desires position
as visiting governess or teaching; experience;
references. Box 1340, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
_ housecleanins; .$1 a day and car fare. • 550
'Mission st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do house-
work and cooking. In small family, j RUBIE,
3 1 , Sixth St., room 10; wages $15.
YOUNG woman wants situation In American
family; wages $25. 115 Olive ave.,' bet. Van
Nees ave. and Polk st. -
AN Eastern woman wishes position as' man-
aging or working housekeeper; city or coun-
try; children preferred. 7 Grant ave.
GERMAN woman would like -work by the
day. Address German Woman, Call branch,
' offlce, 3C0 Hayes st.
GIRL wants to do housework. 809 Thirteenth
street. ¦
WOMAN wishes position; Is good cook; will
work In hotel or private house. 8 Gough st.
YOUNG girl wishes employment to assist at
housework. Call at 40S Minna st. \
LADY wishes work by the day; housework or
laundry: cood cook. 1062 Howard St., rm. 3.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. Box 1403, Call.
WKLL educated business woman will assist
with general office work a part of each day
in return for desk room and use of typewriter.
Box' 133S. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wishes more engagements;
citj' or country: $150 per day. Address Z.,
box 1337, Call office.
SINGLE woman wishes situation as cook; good
baker. 161 Seventh et.
BORROW money of 'the respectable nnd relia-
ble house of "UNCLE HA RRTS. 13 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kct— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night. $1 60 to $6
..week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
.Valencia st. ¦'¦• ; ¦,-«.•¦'¦ ¦ •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Position as principal bookkeeper
and expert accountant by a university grad-
uate; can furnish cash bonds if required.
Address R. J. G. WOODWARD, Reno
House, 631. Sacramento, st.
BRIGHT youag man) ;.-22 years of age, free
of all habits, being strong and • willing ¦ to
work, wishes a position of any kind except
saloon work. Apply ; at 1619 ' Mission St. ,
SOBER, steady middle-aged man wants a sit-
uation as dishwasher ~ or-' kitchen hand In
small hotel or restaurant. Address. box 132$.
Call office. :-¦..•¦¦;..• < . ¦ :¦ •¦¦:<.-
MIDDLE-AGED man wants . work on ¦ a gen-
¦ tleman's place;' good references from last
place. Box;1334, . Call. r ¦ < : . . .•; , .-.-=-
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer wants posi-
tion In a hotel; references for first-class work;
small wages. V S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st. '; ¦ - ;
ENGINEER wnnts cituation to run gasoline en-
gine. Box 1303. CalL
EMPLOYMENT •WAXTED— MALE. _
ENGINEER and all round mechanic and elec-
. trician, No. 1 city and country references,
; would like position in healthy locality; saw-
. mill, mines: or country town preferred. Ad-
dress E. B. H.. 1124 Thirteenth ave.. East
Oakland.' | ;_-..?
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. mdse. store In country by reliable
American: "-Ingle; 30 yrs. age; 12 yrs. expen-
ence: good ref a. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
YOUNG married man, small business, desires
position In wholesale clear, grocery or sta-
tionery house. Address box C. Call branch,
SCO Hayes st.
CARPENTER, good' workman, who Is also a
practical house painter and glazier, wants
work on ranch or country place; single; mid-
dle-aged and of steady habits; has good out-
fit of tools; price moderate. Box 1349, Call
Offlce.
RELIABLE Industrious gardener wants posi-
tion as coachman; enn milk; general work;
private place ; references; city or country.
Box 1252. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; good propagator »-'»J can take care
of horses. Address Gar**'....*, box 1263. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamond;-, watches, silver.
' . sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia street. v.v^'.- ¦ ¦ '
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. £44 Stevenson st.
FIXAXCIAL.
TO CAPITALISTS-A $60,000 Interest for sale
in a well-known and prosperous business in
this city; an opportunity for establishing a.
son in one of the largest concerns of the
State. Apply to McAFEE BROS.. 108 Mont-
•fomory gt.. San Francisco.
>. FLATS TO LKT.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan at., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
$10 — COTTAGE of three sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave.; 1% blocks from Market St., bet. Gough
and Octavla. '
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
. Sumner St.. off Howard, near Eighth.
BUSH, 1209'4-lFlat of 4 rooms; rent $10. Apply
1213 Bush st, basement, up garden.
MODERN flat; S rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St.. near Seventh.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HQWELL. 10 Montgomery.
KUnXITtTRE FOR SALE.
SUNN.Y B-room fiat completely furnished: fine
furniture and carpets to be sold reasonable.
Call 11 to 3. 1411 Mason st.
A BARGAIN in furniture and location; fl\e-
room cottage furnished; rent $8; roomer paya
$5. At 1*5 Lundy lane, S. F.
« ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
NICELY furnished corner house of 6 sunny
rooms; all rented; a bargain. 874 Howard.
FL'RXITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent. 1305 Lnrkln: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
_etc, see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco or
Oakland property — 20 acres near Applegate.
Placer County; highly Improved and in per-
fect condition; entirely fenced; complete Irri-
gation system: new : modern villa, 6 rooms
and bath; barn, horses, cows, implements,
rtc; must be sold at once on account of
death of owner and impossibility of properly
caring for property. HERON & HOLCOMB,
. 1C60 Broadway... Oakland.
I HELP AVAXTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Phone Grant 183
1 HOTEL DEPARTMENT
| 3 waitresses. Southern California, $20, free
fare; 6 waitresses, Los Angeles, $30; 2 wait-
resses, Arizona, free fare, $20; 10 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; 6 waitresses,
city, $20; 2 chambermaids, straight work, $18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German chambermaid,' no waiting, $25; 3
nurseglrls, $20; cooks, housegirls, second girls,
others, city and country: cook for eight peo-
ple, fare here, $25. \
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Gear}' St.
"MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ..Phone Main 1573"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Coronado Beach, $20, special
rates; 7 waitresses, different country hotels,
$20; 4 waitresses, city, $20: lunch and dinner
waitress, $20: 3 chambermaids to wait, $20: 2
chambermaids, $15; woman pastry cook and
baker, couritry. $10
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, Presidio, $25; cook, Santa Cruz.
$25, see lady here 10 a. in., fare paid; 8
housegirls, $20 and $25; young girls, $15 to
i $20. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
i COOK and second girl, same place, $30 and $25;
j cook and second girl, $25 and $20; waitress,
j $23; cook. Institution, $30; cook, $35; 6 second
I girls, $25 and $20; ranch cook, $25. MRS.
j NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, city hotels. $20; head waitress. J30.
PRACTICAL Millinery. School; established 12
yrs. ; trade taught: class now forming; terms
easy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32V4 Fremont
Bt. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Milliner; first-class head trimmer;
- state experience, reference - and salary ex-
pected. Box 1336, Call offlce. . -
WANTED— Courteous woman of- good Judg-
ment and Intelligence for permanent Oakland
refs. Box 2081. Call. Oakland.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 230 Doug-
lass st., between Eighteenth and Nineteenth;
wages $15.
WOMAN or girl for general houseVork; good
wages. Inquire bakery, ISth nnd Noe sts.
GIRL for ireneral housework, no cooking, no
dishwashing. $20. 1562 Post et.
GERMAN or Swedish girl cook and assist in
I house; small family; good wages. 2C27 Calif.
{ GIRL wanted for general housework. 1615
Scott st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. Apply at
1013 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework: small private
American family. 408 Van Ness ave.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines 'on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS. 831 Mission.
MACHINE operators wanted at Busby's Glove
Factory, 207 Sacramento st.
A • NEAT servant girl for light housework.
1060 Cnpp st.
WANTED— Neat young girl; light housekeep-
lng; good home; $12. 4033 Seventeenth st.
WANTED — Experienced . paper box makers.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission st.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fl.'lmore tt.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. ' '
. HELP WANTED — MALeT"^
A— WANTED-^ ¦¦¦¦-;¦;¦-¦ ¦-¦¦¦¦'¦-¦- " ; ;^- --¦-
Carpenter, finishing, long Job, 8 hours.' $3 50
a day; - pruner and orchard work, and take
charge vegetable garden for institution, near
city. $23 and found; coachman, country, $25
and found: gardener, country. $25 and found;
man about place,' $25; farmer, $20: pruner, $20;
married farmer for vineyard, $30. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. ~
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. .....Phone Grant 1S3
Broiler, hotel, $J0: -cook, country hotel,' $iO,
fare advanced; cook, $40; helper, $15, Institu-
tion, country; German waiter, .country hotel,
$23 ..... 1 .......... .;• ..;..-.....
Engineer for a dredger, $2 60 a day; 2 Swiss
milkers., $30. C.R. HANSEN & CO.. 101
Geary, st. . ¦...•..-¦-, .-.-•¦¦.
WANTED— Cook for Central America,' $60 per
month ; s German- or American, understanding
French kitchen; free transportation. A. F.
. dr ago & ¦ CO. -|$9g&&G33K£RnBSSSg|i9H$HHM
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, rm. 12.
.^Broiler.' $50; waiters; $25.'-. < .
FIRST-CLASS baker for commercial hotel, $50.
MRS. M. E.-DAY & CO.. 335 Geary St.
WANTED— Good b«irber for Saturday and 'Sun-
413 Broadway. \. '¦'¦
GOOD barber from j Saturday noon till Sunday
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY ....... PhoneMain E843
..Leading Employment and Labor ' Agents. ..
....... .WANT 7 A. M., TO-DAY
Blacksmith helper, city shop... $10 to $12 week
Ranch blacksmith. South $40 and found
. Boys for factory %& week
Man and wife for ranch on shares
Tank maker ..chore boys
150 woodchoppers and tie makers, tools and
. provisions furnished, on same places.
; . '„ MURRAY & READY., 634-636 Clay St.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
. Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Man. uprisht character, to manage
business old-established house; $18 a week &
expenses, payable wkly from headquarters;
expense money advanced; permanent: ref.
Standard House, 301 Caxton bids, Chicago.
WANTED— A man and wife without children
to, work on a sniall fruit farm; 30 miles from
San Francisco: wife to cook, man to work
on place; good home; parties .must furnish
references. Box 2080, Call office, Oakland.
A FEW good- organizers wanted for the Order
i of United Artisans: city or country. Address
W. W. WILLIS. District Grand Master. 909
, Market st.. S. F.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In plain cash
business; will pay $13 to $18 per week; $125
cash required. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— 2 barbers at 1406VJ Dupont at.
BARBER wanted at. 402 Brannan st.
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG. 11 O'Far-
rell st.
BOAT builders, bench-hands, ship carpenters.
Joiners, caulkers.' 618 Third St., S. F.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
$160 — STEADY man for partner In corner sa-
loon. Particulars 247 Fifth St.; clrgar store.
WANTED— Assistant porter, German preferred,
$10. Ahlborn Houee, 321 Grant ave.
WANTED — Good dishwasher. 108 Seventh. St.,
call after 8 o'clock.
TWO lunch waiters wanted. Call early, Pow-
ell and Beach fits.
DISHWASHER wanted at ICO Howard st.
WANTED— Al refractionist graduate optician;
salary $120 per month. Address box 1402, Call.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ERIGHT, intelligent young man. 18 to 20 years
of age, for office work; salary to commence
t30. Box 1346. Call office. .
527 BROADWAY, near Montgomery ave.— Bar-
bers wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
WANTED— First-class taxidermist; state ex-
perience and wages. Address Box 1333, Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
* at.. San Francisco. Cal.
MEN OR WOMEN.....
Paid Big Commissions
TJTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st.
A— HONEST man wanted to take Interest In
real estate and business agency: must have
$150; can make good wages. 906 Market, r. 8.
BARBER shop and baths; central location:
fine paying business; must be sold at once on
account of departure; sacrificed. Box 1350,
Call offlce. .
BARBERS, attention— First-class barber shop;
choice location: Market st.; 5 chairs; newly
fitted up; good trade; no agts. Box 1240, Call.
2-CHAIR barber shop for eale: object of sell-
ing, going to Bakersneld. 105 Ninth st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue free, MOLERT5
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 202 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. r.C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY to learn printing trade thoroughly; one
with experience preferred. Box 1356, Call.
COAT basters and coat finishers. 24 Hayes st.
YOUNG man to do Janltcr work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. 741A Howard st.
¦WANTED — Two good trunk makers. D. D.
WHITNEY. Los Angeles. Cal. •
CIGARMAKERS. 32S Bush st..' third floor,
room 4.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
59c. Boston House. S30 Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm, ?06 Market, room 40. PheUn building.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reef Ived at Call Branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-The Weekly Call.
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANT*cTsT^l>nes7T>Ile^Pl^^
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone: men who can be Interviewed:
no surgery, salves or ointments: no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bungles,
" carts, harness. Grand Arcade Market.
827 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GOING out of business; cab, harness and horse.
Apply at 516 Stanyan st.
THREE fast road horses ; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard St.
$110— A FINE horse, new buggy and harness
for sale. 714 Tehama st.
BARGAIN— StyUh piano-box buggy with top
-In fine ordor. Palo Alto Stable, 320 O'Farrell.
A— 1C0 SETS sscond-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly.
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ¦ *
HOUSES , TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST (Houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GltOVE, SIS— House of 9 sunny rooms; modern
¦ improvements. Apply ?23 Grove st.
SUNNY corner; 6 rooms and bath, yard, etc.:
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
Ban Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
C ROOMS, bath and basement; 14 Reed st.;
. rent $15. Apply at 1325 Washington st.
A WEEK'S news for & cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per jear.
House cleaxixg.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1890;
removed to 419 Devlsadero St.. tel. Fell 136.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
$5 REWARD— Strayed from 1939 Geary, light
brown, small setter; answers to the name ot
¦ Cap ; had on chain collar with . tag No. ¦ 1S32.
I Return to above address and receive reward.
THURSDAY "night." corner Golden Gate ave.
and Market st.. young, pup, resemblins St.
Bernard. Reward if returned to room 1. 702
Market^ st. ¦-•-¦¦' /
LOST— A brown water spaniel doff Sunday at
122 Utah st.. with white spot on breast and
sore ear; liberal reward. .Return to 122
' Utah st. •¦.-.-.¦••
LOST Wednesday morning— Black velvet belt
• and silver buckle on - Market and Van Ness.
. l^eave at' Van Ness Bazaar. 1808 Market St.,
• and receive reward equal to value. . /
LOST— On Fillmore St., bet. Haight and Oak,
a pair of gold eyeglasses. : with chain. .: Re-
, turn to 21 Spear st.; reward.
LOST— Certificate No. 376 for 25 shares of capi.
tal stock of The National Ice Co., standing m
the tiame of J. . H. and - M. Knief. Finder
.; will pleas? return same to The National Ice
: Co., 1827 Market; reward. .', . ., ¦
ANY old thing: also diamonds, sealskins; money
; on them : private . entrance ; perfect secrecy
UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave. • ¦
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing., O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet." Powell and Mason.
OLD gold,' silver,* diamonds and precious stones
bought. ¦: J.R. JENICEL. 817 Market st. -¦:- ¦¦>*-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.'.¦: received at Call branch office,- 22C0 Filmore st
A' BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
; ; subscriptions has -been established at 1096
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel South 79X
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; -feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 315 and 320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O 1 DONNELlV moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
• safe, reliable: practiced In San Kranclsco for
years: treated thousands of cases successfully ;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. . V-
DRS. GOODWIN. M07>4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years* practice In S. F.. a
' cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs. 1
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce. $3; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln;
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cur*,
guaranteed: ladles treated can -return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, cir.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladles* spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists; new process; sure cure; no med.-
clre;cvery woman her own physician. 323Kearny
MRS. DR. GWTER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. S04 Eddy ct.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs:
advice free. 704 Sacramenta st.. near Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to any address In the-
United States, postpaid, for tt per year.
MIXES AXD 3IIXINO.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
Copper Stock.
W» operate cold and copper mines.
We guarantee you against loss. i
• We give experienced management. j
Our stock Is non-assessablei j
Our stock Is collateral upon which !
you can borrow 49 to 60 per cent
of tbs face value.
Can you Cud the same security
In any other stock?
The answer comes — No!
W« invite you to our offic*
. to investigate our methods.
You will find us right.
The Union-Mutual Mining and Development
CO...2C-; Emma Spreckels building.
LEARN something this week about Montezuma
copper; we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO., selling
agents. 310 Safe Deposit building. S. F.
ONE-QUARTER Interest in 5 placer claims
(Trinity County) for $7C0; money to go for
equipment, etc. Box 1334. Call offlce.
CHEAPEST and btst in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases. Rent to any address In the
'United States or Canada one year for $1.
MINING AXD ASSAYING.
ANY person trolng to Klondike or Forty-Mile,
Yukon, can receive some valuable informa-
tion by calling or addressing J. H. BARKER.
309 California St.. room 16, bet. 12 and 2 p. m.
MISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 19^-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
llr.oleum. new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission «t.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
st ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
A BEAUTIFUL rosewood guitar, with case,
for $15; cost in any music store J27. UNCLE
HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
A — 20- TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
HIGH diving and trick dog. with 40-ft. ladder
and net. PHIL J. NOLTE. 773 Market St.
FOR SALE— A good mastiff watchdog. Ad-
dress C. P. CHRISTENSEN. Santa Rosa. Cal.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at a bargain. 631 Mission st.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St., sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
NINE weeks' old cocker pups; black and red;
champion -stock. ROBINSON. 1823 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Cc.
2D-HAND stenm, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. AVhite. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers. lathes;.2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-band ; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States 1 or Canada one year for |1,
postage paid."
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy a good horse and buggy or
carriage: must be in good condition and
cheap; describe fully. Address box 2079, Call
- offlce, Oakland.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac. old gold. 109 Sixth St.; phone Jessie 14L
BOWS & arrows. Woman's Archery Club. Unl-
verslty of Cal. Box 2077. Call offlce. Oakland.
LADIES* and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
sold. Siiverman, 984 Folsom ; tel. Folsora 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st/
MOXEV TO LOA>".
A-:3o7rEY^iT7oa7rsT7a^^
afford to pay on furniture, piancs. etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you • will" 'lose
their friendship; do business with stranirers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms !> and 10. 906 Market st."
AA— BEST ratej and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ....
. ;;":•" In *erest *n Estates '.'.'.
i; .... Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market?
ANY amount at G per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; node-
»£' K ny ,,"!U!,' n b " ore doin S business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, 'any amount; 8 per cent; flrst.
. second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities.- Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
1 7.? HI 1 Y / es P«ctabIe, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $oCO.COO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
eralw. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; conltden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture." pianos: no removal: money
¦ quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room <3.
flOO.COO TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, mgns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. ™
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate Or for building;
- low rate. Home Bldg. Co.-. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%; undl-
vlded Ints.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Op- 386 Parrott bulld-
; . Ing; men can ¦ secure • loans on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salaries; : New York plan.
THE TQUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917. Market st, room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
; lr.dorser. - MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
MUSICAL IS3TRP3IE5TS.
CHICKERIXO .....7.^.!.. J ..jr.... $73*J
Great Union 90
Haines Bros 1W
Hallet & Davis 133
Sherwood & Son I* 1
Kramer Eros ISO
Benrider 190
Arton 13<)
Schiedemeyer , ISO
Sterling 225
Curtaz 2+>
Standard 285
Conover 290
Easy payments if desired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX 18 O'Farreil
st.. Chlckerlng Agency.
ANT person having: cse for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices anrl most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the be>»t
ot their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash ami
$6 per month. We offer to sell some goo«t
pianos for J3, ti and jr. per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter st9., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
A NOVELLA upright $57
Weber $125
Two Helnes $290. $4M
Three Ptelnways HZO. J"3. $33>
Hallet-Davis J403
30 new pianos at J152. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary St., agentJ Hallet-Davls, oldest,
exclusive, most famous piano In existence.
Our rent contract — you hav» prlvilegis to ex-
change piano If not satisfied. Old pianos
taken In exchange. Hallet-Davls prefer-
red. HEINE PIANO CO., 37 Geary st.
THE Zeno Mauvals Music Co.. 769 Market st..
are offering the best bargains In pianos that
ar» to be found In this city. They offer fine
Pecker & Son. Packard. Baumelster, Straube.
Gtteore or Arlington, at lowest prices and
allow you to pay In small Installments If you
prefer. Any piano sold will be taken In ex-
change for a Decker at any time. Second-
hand Instruments at special bargains always
on hand.
ABSOLUTELY th« oldest an<S largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 2fi.
23 and 20 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
ON SALE-$rS5: Hallet-Davla upright; cost
$373. Room 33, 217 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co^. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORXUN'O, 218 McAllister st.
ELEGANT 2-pedal upright: sacrifice: leaving
city; standard make. 321 Golden Gate ave.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage:
dirt cheap. "Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL SALE — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only »1SO. BRCEXS, 20S Post St.
3-PEDAL uprigflt: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission »t.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SSO Hayes st.
SUPERIOR, violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Week!y
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada on» year for $1.
postase paid.
OFFICES^AN'D STOHE9 TO LET.
CORNER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
sts.; occupied as grocery and bar for past
W years: rent $20: water free. Apply to O.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
STORB suitable for grocery and bar. 4 living
rooms: also 4 rooms over store. 4439 Seven-
teenth st.
NEW store. 4 rooms, bath, yard; splendid lo-
cation for grocery cr butcher, pork, produce.
delicacy business. Apply 230 Crescent ave.
X OJMU
ONE! of the best opportunities ever offered: for
person to come Into oil company where land.
Is owned, In proven territory, and help fur-
nish money for development: a small amount
of money will give you a large block of stock-
a chance for only a few more. Address or
call Winchester Hotel, room 515, between 9
and 12 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develop*,
exploits and sells oil lands: has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved flel.la; communications confidential F
H. Hausman. Sec.. Sth floor, r. 32. Mills bV.s.
JOSEPH B. TOPI.ITZ. J30 Pine street!
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2CC0 ACRES oil land; $5 to $3000 per acre. W
C. HAMILTON. S Flood building.
OIL L.IXD8 FOR SALE.
CO OR 40 acres for sale In 24-2J-27. Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a company if
taken Immediately. J. S. EWES. 123 Call-
fornla St.. room 407. San Francisco, Cal.
KERN River; proven territory: line of R, R.
* Newton. Carmen A Pomes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAI.VTEItS AM) DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath.3CS Sixth st.;open evening*.
.] PALMISTRY.
MRS. BALDWlNTlatToTthe ~ CWroloJicVfcw-
iege of Los Angeles, has opened a school in
this city: scientific palmistry taught; read-
Ings; hours 10-12 and 1-5. 309 Powell st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLJ, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Gemry and Post: tel. Black SSI
PATENTS A*D PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: nr> charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Adrlresw of GEOROE WITT. H
HEIX. 812 Twentieth St.. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: K>
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 70O rooms:
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 EO to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JJS^USSSi * 1(>: dre * s Pants- *2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Fine.
WHY guess? You are certain of stylo and flt by
using Standard Patterns; February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE, lKtt Market st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OI.TFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer, has returned,
and will be glad to see old patients; head
troubles; weak eyes. S43 McAllister st.
J' OR $SCCO to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
• Grant ave.
PRIVATE detective work: skillful Investiga-
tor; low rates. Box 1308. Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIS3 EATON. 1113 Sutt?r st. 3
MASQUERADE costumes. r lay books. wi*s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
A LFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SCRGEO.YS.
DR. C C. O 1 DONNELL— Of nee and~resldenceT
1C21H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE COlfXTRY — For Sale
A "SNAP"— Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to sacrifice at half actual value 72H acres
(might subdivide) very best land and location
In the "lovely Napa Valley." adjoining R. R.
station, near Napa City and steamer landing,
within free mail delivery: all highly cultivat-
ed level loam, now In crop: not Inch of waste:
unequaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home;
hap rented for $10 asre: offered for $60: could
not buy adjoining land fcr less than $130.
REMEMBER— I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sa!« and en-
ehnnge than all other agents in S. K.; 3000
ranches on my list. State what's wanted
and get reliable dssertptlons of bargains.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
M. GRIFFIN. 71D Market, sells and exchanges
city and country realty; printed lists; Sonoma,
Santa Clara, Shasta and ether counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REAL ESTATE "WANTED.
CITY property: will pay good Interest on
$10,000; owners only. Box 13+4. Call.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE. ''
__ ¦¦ ..
TO EXCHANGE— Two (2) chote« building lots •-.
In Oakland for Tacoma. - or Seattle property '
C P. CURTISS, 1104 Pacific ave.. Tacoma.Coal at Ben Lomond.
I SAN JOSE, Jan." 25.— Coal has been dis
covered near Ben Lomond, in the Santa
S G Beach, PlacervIIIe
A G Wlshun, Vlsalla
F Berg. Portland
C B Bills, San Jose
J W Chllton. San Jose
W Taylor, Kansas
HMUler. OrovlUe „
J J Gross Jr, St Louis
L E Moftatt, St Louis
O A Hale, San Jose
Miss O C Blotcky, Des
Moines
G Mlgllavacca, Napa
Miss L Alvarez, Cal
C E Ackerman. Cal
E Fisher, Sacto
J S Smith, Vallejo
W G Woods. Sacto
W Carson, Oakdale
J A Plrtle, Los Ang
R Eggleston, N Mex
T J Jackson. Texas
HW Kemper, Arizona
0 B Burnett, Hanfonl
E R Reames & w,
Klamath Falls *V. •
N Clark. Spokane
J J Holllster, S Barb
H W Walker. Willows
E V McCone, Salt Lak
A J Huneka, Butte
T H Ryan. Arizona
M D Sinclair. Cal
W F Parker, Los Ang
E H Hudson, Mrysvlli
A J Pommer, Sacto
W R Pyle, Gllroy .
8 A Kennedy, Ind
Mrs J W Gasklll. Sacto
R C Wallace. Cal
E B Barshrop, Ptla*nd
H A Llnstroth & - w,
Denvex ' •
1 P McCord. Ptland
J E Law & w. Colored
T A Keech. Denver
J T Clasbey. . China
G A Culllnen. Honolul
E W Frazer, Yokoham
H Lachlan, Formosa
H C MeCllne. Cal
W M Fisher, N Y
F Cox & fam. Sacto
Mrs E C Whlpple, Cal
Miss Whlpple, Decoto
W B Hucrus S Cruz
W B Hugus Jr. S Cruz
E F Michaels. Alamed
D Blum. Cal
F A Tanner. San Jose
J W Atkinson Cal I
E G Judah & w, L An
A M Reed, Uklah n.
P W Porter. Boise \ .
C Moltzen & .w. Cal'
W E Savage & w, Cal
W E Thornton. L Ang-
S C Smith, Bkrsneld
W H Savage, L Ang
J B Irish. Cal
A E Nutt, San 'Diego
A S Mellce. Riverside
J J Luchslnger, Sacto
V F Rogers, Denver
Ft F Wrigley, Denver
.TJr J W Brown. Cal
\C W Hlnchdlff. L Ang
A J Gilbert & w, Cal
W p Doerr. Chicago
W H Morris. Chicago
H Hogan & w. Oakld
H B Chase & w, Ala
J W Knox. Merced
W H Hartley. Merced
S P O-'Reilly. Reading
C O'Reilly, Reading
C B Greenwell, Sacto
G G Radcllff. Sacto •
C A Morrill, Sulsun
C E Llndsey, S Cru«
A A Murry. S Cruz
W C Swain. Cal
J F F Agulera, Cal
G S McKenzIe. Napa
J C Hall. Redlands
PALACE HOTEL
J E Terry, Sacto
T H Shaw Jr. Chicago
W Mutr. Philadelphia
J M Beck. Pasadena
Mrs L Moore,' England
E L Srell»ian. NY
M B Edlncer. N Y
J M Haley. Chicago
Mrs W H Warren. Ill
Master Warren, III
Miss Churchill. Ill
C Lee Vern. Belgium
W G Chanslor, L Ang
O Mason, Los Ang
C B Sharon, Los Ang
C Loetscher, Iowa ' . .
\t" D Boyer. Chicago
3) M Banbury. . Chicago
L P Swift, Fresno
J F Emlth. Chtcaeo
S A Blngham.. Chicago
F B Hlckshaw Jr.
Seattle
C E Arnsworth & w,
Mich -
J J Mack. Bakersfleld
M Abrnms. N -Y
Miss Ellis. Mare Island
Miss McDonald, M Isld
J E McDonald. U S N
L B Eaton. Pasadena
C O Blnkly A w. Pa
J Cole, Chicago -
F H Harvey, Gait
H Welhe. Stanford
G T Berry. Lot Angr
M Dambrough & w. Ill
W H AdamB, Cleveland
W Shaplelgh, Phlla
M Shapleigh. Phlla
R Harris. Los Ang
W Wetdemeyer &.w.
Mich ¦
S G Webllle, Boston
H R Gregory. St Louis
F L Hewitt. Ind •
W p Pierce. N T
Mrs W P Pierce. N Y
Miss Pierce, N Y
E W Brown & w. N T
W W Rlcker. N Y
J W Copman. Yokoham
J R Morse, Yokohama
Capt L P Smith, Lond
J Maccabe. London
E M Gledden. Boston
E Cellerer. Paris ¦
A S Littlefleld. Chicago
E M Fry, Chicago
W C Stone. Stanford
T D Snow. Chicago
H Oakes. Chicago
A H Higble. St Louis.
S Chlsholm. NY
H C Waters & w, Chic
J D Ryderfl N Y
G F Hlnton.Ind
C J Schaat. NY
D C Adams. Salt Lake
Mr & Mrs Porter. Ill
NEWWESTERN HOTEL.
W L Anderson, Cal
C Whltcomb. Cal ' •
W B AVeldon. Truckee
A Vaehon, w ft b,< B C
E G White, Mexico i»,
S A Temple. Texas
A Webster.- & w. ;Wls-
E A Pirll, Texas
B Chenworth, Texas
W Hershfeld, Oregon
J E Hamlen, B Jose
J Abrams. Oakland ;
J Cratt. N H
A Swenson, N H
T H Cooper, U 8 A
A J Watts, Chicago
A E Hansen, . Arizona
N M Darnely, N J ¦-¦¦ v.
D Klngsbury. NT
J Morris &. w.* Spokane
Miss Downs. Bpokana
A L Brook, Wyo
J Ferldra & w, Iowa,
E T Sullivan, Iowa
J Samuels, S Diego
C C Mitchell, Arizona
Miss , Mitchell, S Jose
H TV Burke, Stockton
J I Costa & w, • Cal
T Magann.- Boston
J Meyersteln & w,-LA
B Dethlel. Vallejo •
T Hezox &-w, L/Ang
L Payne & ,.w, L Ang
Miss Klnney, Cal
GRAND
HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Wreckage Identified.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 25.— According to
British Columbia salmon shippers, there
seems to be no doubt that the salmon ship
believed to be lost was the British ship
Ardnamurchan. When the salmon cases
were washed ashore at Astoria a few
days ago the marks found on them were
compared by the shippers and the mani
fests of the different vessels traced, with
the result that It has beeti found that the
marks tally with those of salmon shipped
on the Ardnamurchan more than any
other vessel of the fleet, and the Vancou
ver Packing Company announces that its
salmon was on no other ship ot the five
that sailed. ¦¦"-.
The Alma Oil and Development Com
pany of Los Angeles, which is boring near
the Snrgent home place, struck a stratum
of oil sand at a depth of 2oO feet.
GIL.ROY, Jan. 25.— The "Watsonvllle Oil
Company, which has been boring for oil
below Sargents station for several minths,
recently changing the location on sugges
tion of an oil expert, has struck a fine
flow of oil at a depth of 600 feet. A tele
phone message from there to-day states
that there is 129 feet of oil in the pipes.
The company has persevered against diffi
culties for two years.
Watson ville Oil Company's
" Claim. -
OIL STRIKE NEAR
SARGENTS STATION
Flow Estimated by Borers on the
VANCOUVER, B.-C, Jan. 25.— Thomas
Klrkland Houlston, a professional swim
er of Sydney, X. S. "\V., was nearly torn
in halves by a shark the day before the
steamship Aorangi left for Vancouver.
He was out early in the morning, the
weather being very hot, and was leading
in a hastily arranged race with a number
of other young men. He swam a half
mile to a point and landed safely and im
mediately afterward started to return.
The greater part of the journey was ac
complished when Houlston suddenly gave
a shriek of pain. His companions were a
few yards .to one side and did not see ex
actly what occurred. People on shore,
however, heard his cry and saw him im
mediately sink. They procured a- boat
and recovered the body of the unfortun
ate man. They found the cause of his
cry was that his abdomen had been en
tirely torn away by a shark. So deep had
the fangs of the shark pierced that the
man's back and pelvic bones were visible.
Another swimmer lost a leg near the same
place a few days before.
ing in the Beach Off
Sydney.
Meets a Horrible Death While Bath-
SWIMMER CUT IN
TWAIN BY SHARK
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 25.— The- British
ship Castle Rock, which arrived to-day
after a passage of ninety-one days from
Hongkong, being so much overdue that
35 per cent reinsurance was paid, reports
that she was detained by contrary winds
and tyrhoons encountered in the China
seas. These, however, did not damage a
spar cr tear any canvas.
When about fifty piiles oft Cape Beale
Captain Jones sighted the topmast and
crosstrees of some medium-sized sailing
vessel. The wreckage looked as if it had
been in the- water for some time. There
was a lot of tackle attached to it, and
from what Captain Jones could* see he
gathered that it has come from a sailing
vesse. of American origin.
Vessel.
Evidence of Disaster to Some Sailing
WRECKAGE SIGHTED.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l25»,4126 Oceanic SS Co.101 —
Cal Fruit Asn.105V.il07 Pac A'F.A S ' —
Cal .Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co 153 15*
Mer Ex Assn.. 95 — Par Paint Co.. 12£ —
; Morning Sesilon.
Board— v
100 Car Wine Association ..*.. 100 00
20 California Fruit Canners' 10S 00
25 California Safe Deposit .105 25
75 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
105 Honokaa S Co 3125
1D0 Hutchlnson S P Co... 26 75
50 Kllauea S P Co :.. 21 50
40 Makawell S Co 42 25
)5000 Oakland Water 5s 101 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 32 25
75 Paauhau S P Co.. 32 12H
20 Pacific Coast Borax 154 00
30 Spring Valley Water, cash..: 92 o0
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
Street— ¦ •
100 Cal Wine Association ...100 00
60 Hana Plantation Co : 8 00
J3000 8 F & 8 J V bonds 120 25
J40C0 S P Of A bonds .111 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6 Alaska Packers' Association 125 75
CO Hana Plantation Co 8 25
20 Spring Valley Water 92 50
Street—
10 Cal Safe Deposit ....105 25
50 Cal Wine Association 100 00
$10,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 25
$10.<X>0 Hawaiian C&SCo 6s 101 25
I3S.O0Q Spring Valley 6s. b 6 114 73
•PRODUCERS",- OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
' Board— . .
300 Aetna 47
200 Aetna 48
200 Bear Flag •'• ":... 45
1200 Cala-Standard ;.. 3S
800 Cala-Standard 57
300 Caribou 54
200 Caribou 55
-100 Four Oil Co 65
250 Home Oil 4 10
600 Junction $0
100 Junction 91
1200 Lion Oil Co . 25
200 McKlttrick Consolidated 20
400 Monarch of Arizona S4
100 Monarch of Arizona 85
100 Monarch of Arizona 82
100 Monte Cristo. s 30 ?> 2 50.,
100 Monte Cristo 2 50
100 Occidental of "W Va SO
BOUClty Petroleum 34 50
200 Peerless 8 50
1200 Petroleum Center 25
6000 Petroleum Center 24
1100 Reed Crude Oil Co 65
60 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 50
60 San Joaquln OH & Dev 12 87H
50 San Joaquln OH & Der 13 00
325 San Joaquln OH & Dev..... 12 75
750 Sterling O & D Co 3 30
100 Sterling O & D Co 3 45
ICO Suneet (Original) : I* 30
200 Thirty-Three 12 60 j
200 Twenty-Elsht 3 30 <
,100 Yukon 55
Street—
50 Ker^i Oil Co 12 00
500 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 S3
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Bear Flag -45
1000 Four Oil Co '. " 64
1000 Four Oil Co, ¦ 90 . 54
700 Four Oil Co 55
25 Home Oil .' 4 10
150 Home Oil . - 4 05
600 Independence ' .20
60 Kern OH Co 12 25
.60 Kern River 1 16 25
115 Kern River 18 50
300 Monarch of Arlzcna.x S3
100 Monarch of Arizona 81
400 Monarch of Arizona S2
cOO Monarch of Arizona, b 60..... S2
6C0 Occidental of W Va 80
10 Oil City Petroleum 34 50
1S45 Petroleum Center 25
2900 Petroleum Center 24
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 64
1100 Reed Crud* Oil Co 6«
200 Reed Crude Oil Co..................... 62
4«O Sterling O & D Co, b 5 S 40
200 Sterling O U D Co, b 30 3 50
200 Wolverine 1 60
600 Wolverine 150
Street—
1000 Lion Oil Co 25
1C0O Petroleum Center 24
600 West LaXe 23
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MINING STOCKS.
The following: were the sales in the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Con Cal& Va..l «0| 200 Ophir 64
1100 Mexican ' 2S| 200 Overman IS
-;*>¦• ' - - Afternoon Session^
800 Andes .1 08 600 Mexican ......... *7
1C0 Best & Belcher 23 300 Ophlr 62
13C0 Con Cal & Va..l 5o 800 Union Con ' 23
ICO Confidence '. 61
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sefcsion.
800 Belcher 08 1W Gould & Curry 43
- 200 Best & Belcher 21 1300 Mexican 28
200 Challenge Con. IS 200 Ophlr «4
600 Cbollar. -....•.":.. 11 300 Union Con .... 23
1800 C C & Va....l 62Vi 400 Yellow Jacket. 15
800. Con Cal & Va.l 60 -
* ; • ¦ Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 0? S00 Gould & Curry 41
300 Best & Belcher 23 200 Hale & Xorcrs IS
400 Con Cal & V.I 57H 800 Mexican 27
400 Con Cal & Va.l 60 WO Ophlr ;.... 62
300 Confidence ..... 50 500 Savage :..: 17
800 Gould & Curry 49 400 Yellow Jacket. 15
•-: CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 2S-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bld.Ask.
Alpha 05 OS Justice 06 07
Alta .......I.... OS 03 Kentuck ...;..; 01 02
Andes -."...'...:.. .10 11 Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher ."....... CT 08 Mexican ....... 37 &
Best & Belcher 22 24 Occidental 02 03
Bullion ...-.'.... 02 04 Ophtr ...:....... 62 63
Caledonia ...... 69 Tl Overman ......: 13 14
Challenge. Con. 17 . 18 Potosl 10 12
Chollar 10*. 12 Savage.......... 17 19
Confidence ..... 60 52 Scorpion — 04
Con • Cal. & Va.l 50 1 53 Seg Belcher....'-— 03
Con Imperial .. 01 02 'Sierra' Nevada. 19 20
Con .' New ' York 01 02 Silver Hill .... 47 43
Crown. Point ... 10 11 St' Louis ...... — 10
Eureka Con .. — 35 Standard ...V..4 00 4 43
Exchequer .... — 02- Syndicate ......— 10
Gould & Curry < 41 • 431 Union Con ...; Si 24
Hale & Norcra 16 IS, Utah ...04 05
JulIa'T.7..:;;... — or Yellow Jacket. 15 • 16
SAN JOSE, Jan. 25.— The bogus Inter
view with Judge Bond, the president of
the Cured Fruit Association, published In
the New York Journal, of Commerce to
day and sent out by the Associated Press
and reproduced in the local papers, has
greatly annoyed the fruit growers of the
valley, and the headquarters was crowd
ed to-day by orchardlsts" asking for an
explanation. Early in the day a denial
of the interview was received from Judge
Bond and this was : shown to the grow
ers. He said he had not made the state
ments published in the Journal of Com
merce, nor had he had an Interview with
any of the papers. The statements were
ridiculous on their face, but, coming Just
at this time, when there is some dissatis
faction in the association, the article
caused a good deal of talk.
In the bogus Interview Judge Bond is
quoted as acknoivledgdlng that the first
campaign of the association had been a
failure, but that he was not discouraged
as to the ultimate result. The next sea
son's campaign was outlined as follows:
A low price to be named at the beginning
of the season, such price to be raised from
time to time as the demand justified; the
forcing of, the outside growers into the
association by reducing, if necessary, the
selling price below the cost of production.
This Judge Bond was quoted as saying he
believed could be ¦ accomplished easily.
Other plans were the establishing of dis
tributing agents in the large cities and
the creating of a demand by advertising.
This all proved to be false, and the
officials .In charge of the headquarters
here say no such change will be made.
Judge Bond, who Is now in New Yorok,
will sail for Europe next Wednesday- to
investigate the foreign market and learn
how the foreign demand can be Increased.
Special Dispatch to' The Call
Denies That He Had Any Conversa
tion With a Reporter for the
CT«w Tork Journal of . .
Cured Fruit Association
Prtsi dent Repudiates"Pub
lished Statements.
FAKE INTERVIEW
CAUSES TROUBLE
"The Chamber of Commerce of Nome
and wealthy citizens have been raising
funds for the indigent sick and persons
have been conducting this charity in con
nection with the hospital. But wrecked
fortune hunters are too numerous and the
load too heavy for us. The nation's in
come from Alaska is $300,000 a year more
than the expenses for the Territory and
we ask only $15,000 to aid our charity."
"Eight out of every ten persons In
Nome," said Dr. Rininger, "are without
money enough to pay the most ordinary
expenses of living. Two-thirds of these
financially dilapidated, stranded persons
are sick. They, fall on the streets by the
score and having no frlend3 or home they
are usually taken Into the nearest doctor's
office. The physicians cannot keep them
there always and so the question arises
what to do with them. Many of them
have been taken to the hospital and thene
again the question arises what to do with
them, for It costs $4 or Jo a day to keep
them In the hospital.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.-Senator Ma
son Introduced a bill to-day to appropriate
$15,000 for the care of destitute sick people
in the hospital at Nome, Alaska. The
bill was referred to the Committee on
Territories, and to that body Dr. Rininger.
official of the Nome hospital, made re
markable statements, which showed that
thousands of gold seekers In that mining
city are in a most wretched condition.
Special Dispatch to The Call
of Every Ten at Home Are Un
. able to ..Buy Commonest
Necessities of Life.
Dr. Rininger Beports That Eight Out
Mason Introduces a Bill
to Provide for the
Destitute.
GOLD SEEKERS
IN DIRE STRAITS
Cruz Mountains.: The mine Is located on
Love Creek. * A tunnel has been sunk
eighty -feet, W. S. Walker ot Los Gatos
has ' found -outcropplngB of coat on his
ranch adjoining, and will shortly begin
prospecting. v. .- *• *.
BESTBUCTIO1T BY BUSH
FIBES IN" AUSTRALIA
Hundreds of Families X,ose Their
Homes and Death List Is
Large.
VANCOUVER. B.C., Jan. 23.— The de
struction j by ' bush I flres In ; Australia," ac -
cording to mall a4vlces by the steamship
Aorangl. have been appalling. While many
people are dropping dead from heat hun
dreds upon* hundreds of families have
been burnt out. some of. the country resi
dences destroyed being .very, costly struc
tures. Many marvelous rescues ¦wer'i
made. One man In a farmer's wa^or. drova
169 persons from the tire circle to a river,
where they remained Immersed with only
their mouths and noses above water until
the I terrific holocaust, had ! passed over
them.- Scores of square miles of gTain
have been destroyed ;uid sreat droves of
sheep and cattle have perished.
Continued From Pa^e Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 19O1.
13
FRIDAY, Jan.
25—2:30 p. m.
STOCKS.
)
Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel A Oil Company 25
Blue Goose —
Huckhorn ¦ 20
Burlington ¦ 20
California-Standard 37
Caribou 64
El Dorado —
Four Oil Co 54
Hanford 117 00
Home Oil * Co
Homestake —
Independence 29
Kern Oil Co —
Kern. River 16 30
Lion Oil Co 24
McKlttrlek Consolidated ¦ . 20
Monarch of Arizona 81
Aetna i 43
Bear Flag , —
Black Jack —
Century —
Continental ..' .'•¦ —
Junction 80
Monte Crlsto 2 45
Occidental of W Va 80
OH "City Petroleum 34 00
Petroleum Center 24
Reed Crude Oil Co 64
San Francisco & McKlttrlck.. —
Pan Joaquin O & D Company.. 12 SO
Shamrock 75
Sterling O & D Company...... 3 40
Sunset. Original 25
Twenty-Eight 2 25
Westlake "._..". 23
Westshore 4 25
Yukon • .-.-64
Cal Oil & Oas —
Peerless •• 8 60
PitUburg .....;...... 35
Queen Esther —
Senator ... • —
Superior ......"..'.. '• ...:...... —
Thirty- Three Oil Co 12 50
290
- _
33
1 80
55
120 00
4 20
10 374>
21
12 00
25
21
83
45
115
75
115
' 94
260
81
34 25
25
68
225
12 75
90
I 130
23
450
£7
SO
S 75
60
235
" S8
14 00
FRIDAY, Jan.
25—2:30 p. m.
STOCKS.
)
Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel A Oil Company 25
Blue Goose —
Huckhorn ¦ 20
Burlington ¦ 20
California-Standard 37
Caribou 64
El Dorado —
Four Oil Co 54
Hanford 117 00
Home Oil * Co
Homestake —
Independence 29
Kern Oil Co —
Kern. River 16 30
Lion Oil Co 24
McKlttrlek Consolidated ¦ . 20
Monarch of Arizona 81
Aetna i 43
Bear Flag , —
Black Jack —
Century —
Continental ..' .'•¦ —
Junction 80
Monte Crlsto 2 45
Occidental of W Va 80
OH "City Petroleum 34 00
Petroleum Center 24
Reed Crude Oil Co 64
San Francisco & McKlttrlck.. —
Pan Joaquin O & D Company.. 12 SO
Shamrock 75
Sterling O & D Company...... 3 40
Sunset. Original 25
Twenty-Eight 2 25
Westlake "._..". 23
Westshore 4 25
Yukon • .-.-64
Cal Oil & Oas —
Peerless •• 8 60
PitUburg .....;...... 35
Queen Esther —
Senator ... • —
Superior ......"..'.. '• ...:...... —
Thirty- Three Oil Co 12 50
290
- _
33
1 80
55
120 00
4 20
10 374>
21
12 00
25
21
83
45
115
75
115
' 94
260
81
34 25
25
68
225
12 75
90
I 130
23
450
£7
SO
S 75
60
235
" S8
14 00
P.9-9? 18 T9 LEnp — Fprn - and Un<nfnt
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice front furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
6CNNT front rooms; nicely furnished; cen-
trally located. • Box UU, Call offlcc.
BUTTER, SJ0«*— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $S; suites, til to $25 mo.
TAYLOR. CU (Norwood)— Rooms en suite and
plngle; phone; hot and cold water; sunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce. ttOO Flllmore st.
A BRANCH otflce for Call advertisements and
vubscrlDtlons has been established at 1OT6
» alenoia st- "
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnlxhed sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. H03H Broadway, cor. 11th st.. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California, st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive ond sightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 418
First gt.
ROOMS WANTED.
SINGLE «rentleman wants finely furnished
room with bath, sunny and heated, with or
without board. In section bounded by Van
Ness ave.. Buchanan, Jackson and Post sts.
Box m?. Call office.
WANTED— Large sunny room, nicely furnished,
west ot Van Ness, north of Market. Box
1223. Call office.
LADY wants two sunny front housekeeping
rooms; gas. bath; private family. Box 1X2,
Call office. '
WANTED— Two housekeeping rooms with
yard: two children. Address 360 Grove et.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for JS: collections made;
c'.ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
s^^^^xG machixes axd supplies.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles Ihd
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main S71S.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vana. Tenth and Market; phone South 763.
I:EKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.:
tel. Main lg«>; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES. *
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, *4 50 a
Eft: electrlcaj work Installed. 1136 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, Z3i California; telephone Main 268.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of sixty cents per
share has been declared, and Is payable on
and after Monday. February 11. 1901. at the
Union Trust Company o( San Francisco.
Stock books will close on Tuesday. February
6. 1SC1, at S o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
HENRY VAN BERGEN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 113 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company^ will be payable at the office of.
the company. 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday, February I, 1S0L Transfer bocks wlU
close on Saturday. January 26, 1301. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Panford O. Goldstein. 2S. 172LV Sntter street,
and En-ma Rosenberg. 21. 1417 Laguna street.
Leonard Untermeyer, 25, city, and Blanche
B. Latr, V). city.
John F. Laughlln, 32. 2857 Sixteenth street,
and Josephine Z. d'Or. 27. 1115 McAllister Ft.
Lexing Wongr. 27, 727 Washington street, and
Choy Guee. 20. 727 W*a«hlngton street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent ¦ by
mail will not be Inserted. They muet be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
SOBN.
SMITH— In Oakland. Cal.. January 25, 1901, to
the wife of David C. Smith, a daughter.
DIED.
Bllty. Theodore G. McCuIloch, Dr. T. A.
Bode. Adolph C. McKevitt. Mary
Boman. Charles E. Mullln. Lillian A.
Bower*. Aucrusta Noakes. . Cornelius F.
Denicke, Rudolf F.H. Rice, Rebecca A.
, I«irkin. James Rlley. Patrick'
Glynn. Timothy Sant, Ansano
Hennessy. Cha*. A. Shlpman. Charles G.
Hllmer. Cha*. H. L. Sullivan. Charles C.
Hilton. Eva J. M. gutro. Adelheid
Hurley. Patrick .Ticoulet. Louise
Johnston. Bridget Westerfeld. H. Jr.
Killcline. Eliza Wllle. John C.
Lacua. Marie Wilson. Louisa
Lombardl Glovannlna Zlmmer. Margarethe
BILTT— In Sacramento, Cal.. January 24, 1901.
Theodore George Bllty. beloved father of
Mrs. J. W. Harrison. Mrs. J. V. David. Mrs.
T. Goff and S. A. Douglas Bllty. a native of
We*tDhaJia, Germany, aged 75 years 10
months and 4 days.
BODE— In Oakland, January 25. 1901. Adolph
Christian, dearly beloved son of Henry C.
W. and Dora Bode, and brother of -Henry,
Dora, Carl, Henrietta. Freddy and Eddie
Bode, a native of Oakland, aged 10 years 11
months and 29 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1457 Fifth street, between Center
and Chester streets. Oakland. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery-
BOMAN — In Oakland. January 24. 1301.
Charles E. Bontan. beloved brother of Miss
Olga C. Boman, a native of Finland, aged
£3 years 3 months and 2$ days.
CT'Fricnds and acauaJntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow <Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2207 Adeline street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BOWERS— In Ocean View. December 25. 19C0.
Augusta Bowers (nee Patton), the late wife
cf J. A. Bowers, and daughter of James and
Sarah Patton. a native of Dumbarton. Scot-
land, aged 32 years. (Dumbarton, ; Scotland.
papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a solemn requiem
mass for the repose of her soul at St. Mich-
a«rr» Church. Ocean View, this day (Satur-
day), at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery at 11 o'clock.
DENICKE— In this city. January 23. 1901. Ru-
dolf F. Herman Denicke. dearly beloved hus-
band of Dora Denicke. a native of Hanover.
Germany, aged 41 years and 5 months. A
member of the German Krleger Verelri. Han-
noveraner Vereln and Beer Drivers' Benevo-
lent Association.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal Errlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral aer-
vtee» will b« held under the auspices of the
German Krieger Verein. Cremation I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers. Remain*
at the wirlors of II. P. retersen St Co.. 223
McAllister street.
DURKIN— An anniversary requiem high mast
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late James Durkln. this day iSatur-
day). at 9 o'clock, at St. Joseph's Church.
' Tenth Ftreet. near Howard. Friends are in-
vited to attend.
GLYNN— In this city. January 25. 1901 Tim-
othy Glynn. beloved husband of Kate Glynn.
a native of Ireland, aged 65 yeare.
HENNESST-In this city. January 24. 1901
Charles A., husband of Nellie F. Hennesey'
and father of Harold F. and Eileen M. Hen-
nessy. a native of New York.
(CTThe funeral will tak**fcs>lace this day '
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem man will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment
private.
HILMER— In this city. January 25. 1901 at
his residence. 610B Fulton street, Charles
Henry Ludwlsr Hllmer, dearly belo\-ed hus- •
band of Barbara Hllmer. beloved father of
Kate L.. Rosalie M-. Charles Henry Jr
William A.. Frank JSL. Fred. 1^.. Emma h'
and Louis O. Hilmer, and brother of Fred
Hilmer of Bremen. Germany. Louis Hilmer
of Petaluma. Cal., Rev. Herman Hllmer of
Hanover. Germany, and Louisa Rothkoopf of :
liurghdorf. Germany, a native of Burghdorf !
Germany, Bged 6» years and. JO days. A
member of Madera Lodge No. 279. A. O. U.
W. (Los Anceles, . Anaheim and Madera pa-
pers nlfiK copy.) ¦ ,
E3TNotie« -of -funeral hereafter.
HILTON— In Oakland. January. 24, 1901. Eva
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
tfSucceescr to Flannsgan & Gallagher.)
•- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&
to Fifth tt. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
IT and 2) Fifth st- Tel: South in. I
r CMuBAL DIKECTOKS ASTO • EMBANKER?. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate ' Rates. - 1
HEAL ESTATE—CITY — FOR SALE.
HE.VL ESTATE CARGAIX& "
A. M. SPECK & CO..
ee: market £t.. opposite kearnt
12300.
Two nice flats cear 61ith cL; rented for S22-
=i each.
»W0.
Four Rats: rests 546; downtown, near 4th «t.
JCCOO.
Three chcice Catr; near Post and Taylor sts.:
pay. 10 cent :JT7 feet front: effer -n-anted.
/ SS-30- HTDE-8T. CORNEU.
n-rJfso. house; lot 40x90 feet.
*SM0.
- Market st.: north tide: SO ft. front; near
Vc'.encla Et.
111. COO.
S utter _rt . r.w Taylor; very cheap.
tilxn-* GRAND-NEW FLATS,
r.estfd under lease fcr $102 a month; half
t-, *7D00.
1 '*'*•_ E ™? a new : ea« cf Van Ness ave.;
rests $T2; all rented.
,,r :at ,V few blocks from Van Ne*s are.; rent*
1?C; ell rented; H cash
Grand ¦ IJ-rocm residence on Jsxtecin st.
J.4.0&0— REDUCED FROM J1S.500.
Bus. ness property; 6 arr.e tenants fcr years;
etons- eta roorair-c-house
- , HSMO.
orasd corner: Leavenworth et.: CO feet front:
• a rested fcr $125; xscrtgage $5000 can retnaia
at ( i>er cent.
$75,000— REDCCED FROM $£*.CO0.
Choice corner let, 7;-?o*t front; within half a
t.ocic cf Market st. ; Kith old improvements ;
rents about $430; the 'cr.Iy ccmer that can be
toueht vicinity of Sixth st.
_ 112.000.
Rent* J100; S new flat?; choloe locality.
„ $2O.to0.
Ccrcer. CO feet front; vicinity Setter et.. east
CT Hyde: rrand hrtel. office cr rooming-house.
elte; rents S1CT.
?^.CC9 INVESTED.
Grand corner; brand-new building; guaran-
teed lease pars $500 a month net.
HS.O00— VTdJOTT SECONTJ ST.
Corner &5xl°2 feet, -viltli Improvements; rent-
iziKtor flCO per tnor.tli.
This district is boorninr.
J14.000-XEAR SECOND AXD MISSION.
Let 45x70 feet; reius nominal; a sure snap.
S20.O0O.
PTJtter-st. earner: £7:Cx57:<5: elegant lmiwove-
nexts; rents JlSOO rer annum.
IKiO.000.
Market St.. near Call; S'per cent ceL
A. M. SPECK & CO..
C67 Market ft., oj>posKe Kearny.
Ccrregpcndesoe eollclted.
IF ycu bave property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GCXS. £30 California st.
CALL on W. J. BU3TO and purchase one or
two cf those very choice lots !n Richmond
that are belnc eold n cheap, with the cable
cut passing in front and within IO ft. of the
Ceary-et. cars: why >ou can almost borrow
the amount cf the purchase meney in any
eavtr.gs bank. The !ot6 are graded and all
the street work is done. Tcu can pay cash
or in eaer Installments. So far all the lots
sold hive been for cash, a few days more, as
mere lots are sold, up will tco the prices for
the few left. W. J. GUXX. CCO California et..
between Montgomery End Kearny.
$SW EACH: a banrain: 8 new dwelling houses:
ISIS Ma»nnlc ave.. 3 bl"clt» south of Hajght
et. ; best marine view; owner on premises; see
before buying elsewhere.
FOR Bale — An exceptional bargain In that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date residence. 773 Cole
et.; new; elegantly decorated: open daily.
MODERN* houses bul!t; lewrst rrices; plans end
»>FtImates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
?LAMED A REAL ESTATE.
IlorSEs" FOR RENT^ ~~~
tl— i rooms and bath. tl2— 6 rooms.
flS — 6 rooms, etc tTS — 7 rocm. »
X22—7 rooms, etc. |I3 — 8 rooms.
IO—12 rooms, etc. J3*-S rooms, mofiern.
FOR FALE.
t\V*>— Cottage of 6 rooms.
IIXOC — House of 7 rooms.
JlfO" — Store and living rooms.
12700— 7-room cottage: lot 50x150; Morton Sta.
EXCHANGE.
1CT acres; Lake County: living springs and
running water: jilenty of timber: near school.
200 acres: Meadocino County; heavily tim-
bered; pprlrigs and running water.
10 acres: all In choice fruit: Vacavllle.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.. Bay Sta-. Alarneda.
I>* ycu want cheap lots we have them — JSxlOO.
<->r=er. *300. terms: 2£xlOS ($25"). $40 cash. J10
X+t month; offer wanted for choice new house
cr S roo:s«. J. H. YOUN'G. Builder. 124? Park.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WE cfTer f'.pgar.t pulte of rooms and board In
«!eet private home !n Alameda to refined
marie; refererirpv required. Box S€S. CalL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK L AXD FTBXITrnE FOR SALE.
AJ« Introduction to you from H. ScheUbaas. the
fiTr.nurc dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPIXG.
ELL1P. €21— A newly furnished euite of 2
, r^^mr : houFfkeepirsT; IZ2 &0; gas.
FOURTEENTH, tlf>— A large sunny front room
and connecting room; ruitable for heuse-
keepirii^ .
IIATKi-'. 5CT. nr. Flllracre— Elegantly furnished
t^-jp^ keyring rooms. Call after 1 p. m.
HCAVARD. Kicely furnished room, with
u*e ct kitchen; »2.
MCALLISTER. 90% Lorrty three bay-wlndov
rocHif, hath, coal Ftove, closet, $1S month-,
no cbflOres: private.
MCALLISTER. 2QM. cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
r<Tn.s, furnished complete for housekpg.; W.
JlltPI'^X. ]T2»'s. near Thirteenth — Two sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry; J*.
OCTAYIA. l«03, cor. Geary— Large furnished
bay window, mar.tel, Welsbach, kitchen op-
tional.
F^I-K. ZZ2— Desirable unfurnished and fur-
n'.f-hr'i rooms.
TURK. €13—2 fjr.r.y furnished rooms, house-
keeping. tl2 month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BIIANXH office for Call advertisements and
ButMuUAJoai has been established at 1096
Valencia tt.
IIOOMS TO LET — Forn. and Infurn.
/HLBORS HOTEL. Ct Grant ave— Best dol-
lar a dsy tanrfly hotel tn city; polite attend-
ence: large rocm«: modern conveniences;
rc>crr.s SOc up; £rtt-c!ass meals 23c; free coach.
A-BRUKS^ICK House, 14S Eixth— Rooms 2Sc
to Jl r*r n!»rht; Jl 25 to tZ per week, and light
hcasfkeeping; open all night.
rXRNETT. 14T6 Market fold No. 1K4>— Far-
nlshed nss.. suite*, single ; also unfurnished.
GICAnr. «GifThe Xavarrei— Klecantly furnished
rms; suites cr s'.sgl*: traveler* accommodated.
CfiLDHN GATE ave., 403— Parlor Doer of 4
large, partly furnished rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d Mi»?!on sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. TIE. bet. Octavla and L&guna— Large
furnished room to 1st; rent S4.
GTTERBEBO. 21S. near Fourteenth — Eunny
front ri'.eov"! room.
HATER. 4C3— Furnished front room to let.
HOWARD. 7«4-Nicely furnished bay-window
anl other rooms; reascnaHe.
jriS-BlTZ. 2<3. near T-.fth ar.3 Market— Furnished
rr-cms: {4 and ?i r*r mor.th.
JOBXSOH House. rt2 Folscn rt.. BE. cor.
Ninth— NIr* runny rooms; running water;
IX; <jul«t house; adults.
JONES, S15B— Sunny alcove front room; also
finale: rnclern; r.ewly furnished; rent rea-
eorsUe.
LA niCIN". P)4 — T^arge eur.ny back room] fur-
nirhed: 1 or 2 per*cns; light houaekeeplnj;; t«.
LAP PALMAS. ICO Market st^Sulte cf I or 3
rms: private: bath; tin. rms; board optional.
LKTVIS place. IS. off Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nirhed and unfurnished rccms to let; single
or en eclte.
MrALLISTETt. 9C3'4— Large bay-wlnilcw room-
Fas. baxh. grate; rent $3.
MIFflON'. SlJ-Larce front furnished single
rocrr..
IsEtV ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— N'lceir
furaished rooms, JI ¦ week up; 35c a day up.
CTARHELIa T!>— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric ltrhts; day. wk.. mo.
IOTAnnnLL. 2T«— Large sunny front room,
nicely furnlilied. •
PIXE. rsi4, near Brodfrick— Nicely furnlehed
BCaay frost rocrr.. with bath. $S.
KOEEDALE licuse. ZU-S31 Ellis St.— Rooms,
right. Tic to Jl; week. $1 25 to $1; open night.
ItOYAL Houte. 1M Ellis St.— Incandetcent light;
readir.fr-room, exr.cking-rocm and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per r-.rhx.. S5c to fl 60; week. 12 to
J> : mor.th. ?¦> to JSO: elevator on ground door;
r-.-.rr.* with hct and cc!d water; baths.
THERMAN Apartment House. 2S Elrhth tL.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
EHOTTVELL, 211— Tbree or four roccis; bath;
iaunirr.
J. M.. wlf« of Alvah Hilton, a native ©f
Pleasant Mount. Pa., aged 31 years - and ' 1
month.
HURLEY— In this city. January 24, 1S0L Pat-
rick Hurley, beloved brother Of Dennis, Jere-
miah and James Hurley and Mrs. Edward
--Sullivan of- Vlrrlnla " Ctty. a native of the
parish of - Caharagh. County Cork. Ireland,
aged 67 years. - •
CTHemalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street. Inter-
ment at Virginia City. Nev.. by 6 p. m.
train. -
JOHNSTON— In this city, January 24,' 1901,
Bridget, beloved wife of Thomas Johnston,
and cister of Mrs. P. R. Savage, a native of
Ireland, aeed 60 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o f clock. from her late
residence. 1213 Mission street, thence to" St. 1
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem '
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery..
KILLCLIXK-In this city. January !4, 1901,
Eliza, beloved wife of Joseph Killcllne,
daughter of Eliza and Aleck Halvoraen, and
sister of Mrs. B. Barsanti. a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years.
LACUA-In this city, January 25. 1901. Marie
Lacua, dearly beloved mother of Louise
Lacua and Mrs. E. O. Smith, a native of
France. .
(CTTuneral and Interment strictly private.
LOMB.\RDI-In Berkeley. January 25. 1S0L
Oiovar.nina. dearly beloved wife of the late
Cherublno Lombardl. and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. J. M. Semerla and Mrs. A.
G. Mitchell, a native of Alrolo. Switzerland,
aged CO years and 1 month.
E^Xotlce of funeral hereafter.
McCULLOCH— In this city. January 25. 1901,
Dr. Thomas Adam McCuIloch. beloved son
of Mary and the. late John McCuIloch, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 56 Webster street.
McKEVITT— In this city. January 25. 1901.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late James
McKevitt, devoted mother of Edward, Alice
and Lizzie McKevitt. and eldest daughter of
Eugene Dalton. a native of Lewieton. Me.
MCLLIX— In this city, January 23. 1901. Lil-
lian Agnes, dearly beloved daughter, of Mar-
garet E. and the late D. A. Mullin. and
irranddaugrhter of Mrs. Mary Farrell and
Mrs. B. Donovan, a native of San Francisco, .
aged 6 years 11 months and 6 days.
NOAKES— In this city, January 24, 1901, at his
residence, 1 Simpson pljfce. Cornelius Fran-
cis, beloved son of James O. and Johanna
Xoakes, brother of William. John, James
and Sarah Noakes and Mrs. Aleck Keegan.
stepbrother of Mrs. James Christensen and
Thomas Fitzgerald, and nephew of John and
Mary Watson, a native of Contra Cost-»
County, aged 24 years 7 months and 11 days.
(CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the Catholic
Church, Antloch, Remains will be taken on
the 7:20 o'clock Santa Fe beat.
RICE— In.thls city, January 24. 1901. Rebecca
A. beloved wife of Michael, D. Rice, and
mother of Charles B- and George E. Rice, a
native of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 64
years 11 months and 6 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '
RILEY— In Santa Rosa. January 23. 1901. Pat-
rick Riley, dearly beloved husbaod of Cath-
erine Rlley, father of Nellie, John, Martin
and Willie Rlley. Mrs. M. Hannon and Mrs.
J. W. Llnehan* and brother of Mrs. P. John-
son. Mrs. A. Ferack and the late Georee
Rlley, a native of Castlebar, County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 66 years.
SAM— In the City and County Hospital. Janu-
ary 23. 1901, Ansano Sanl. a native of Italy,
aced 67 years.
SHIPMAN— In this city. January 23. 1901.
Charles Golden, beloved husband cf Rebecca
A. Shlpman, and father of Charles H. Ship-
man,- a' native of New Haven. Conn., aged
70 years 11 months and 6 day*.
ZZ7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking: Company, 405
Powell street, near Poet.
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 24, 1801.
Charles C, beloved son of the late Daniel
and Ellen Sullivan, and brother of . Daniel
and Nellie Sullivan, Mrs. F. W. Weber and
the late Maurice Sullivan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years and 6 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
SCTRO— In this city, January 25. 1901. Adel-
heid, widow of Emll 6utro, and bejoved
mother of Gustav, Alfred. Oscar and Anna
fc'utro, a native of Altona, Germany, aged
61 years 5 months and 11 days. ¦
ICTFriends are resr«>ctfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday. January 2S. at 10
o'clock, from her late residence. 1935 Jack-
son street.
TICOULET— In this city. January 25. 190L
Louise Ticoulet. beloved wife of Bernard
Ticoulet, mother of Mrs. Bertha Bruce and
Alice and George Ticpulet, And grandmother ,
of Rena Margaret Bruce, a native of Swltz* |
erland. aged 47 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 817 Post street. Interment. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROBIN HOOD Circle No. 68. C. of F. of A.—
The officers and members of this circle are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late beloved treasurer. Mrs. L. Ticoulet, j to
take place to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from her late residence. 817 Poet ttreet. By
order, LIZZIE VON PUTTKAMER, C. C.
MAMIE SCHOEN, F. S.
WESTERFELD-In this city. January 23. 1901.
Herman Westerfeld Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs.
Herman Westerfeld, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
WILLE— In Mount Eden. Alameda County,
January 25. 1901, John C. Wllle. beloved hus-
band of the late Maria Wllle. a native of
Wurgassen. Westphalia, Germany, aged 73
years 2 months and 15 days.
C7Belends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Union Church.
Mount Eden. Interment Mount Eden Ceme-
tery.
WILSON— In this city, January 23, 1901, Lou-
iea, wife of Eiekiel Wilson, a native of Ver-
mont, aged 84 years.
1C7" Funeral Monday, January 28, at 1
o'clock, from her late residence, corner Point
Lobos and Fourteenth avenues. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. Friends and acquaint-
ances are invited to attend. . .
ZIMMER— In Lorin, Berkeley, January 24. 1901,
Margarethe, beloved wife of the late Chris-
topher Zlmmer, mother of Mrs. K. Rltter
and John and Louise Zlmmer, and grand-
mother of John. Edward, Gustave and Louis
Rlttec and Loujse, Christopher, Katie, Edna,
Johnny and Johanna Zlmmer. a native of
Nieder Welsel, Hessen-Darmstadt. Germany,
at?e<l 73 years and 4 months.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1SS7 Alcatraz avenue, between Calais
•and Lowell streets, Lorin. Berkeley, thence
by* 2 o'clock creek route boat to San Fran-
clsco. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RIL/LL ESTATE TBANSA.OTIONS.
Franclsca L. de Martin (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to the Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on SE corner of ¦ Vallejo
street and Van Ness avenue. S 26 by E 109;
$3570.
California College of Pharmacy (corporation)
to Albert Van der Naillen, lot on S line of
Fulton street, 107:6 W of Polk. W 20 by S 87:
S5000. -
i Caiient A. Logan (wife of M. H.) to Unity
J. Logan, lot on W line of Franklin street,
$4 N of Fulton. N 1« by W 65: also lot on NE
corner of Oak and Steiner streets, E 25 by N
100; also lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue,
IS S of N street. S 25 by E 120; gift.
. Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martin Wood, executors) to John M. Mallett
Jr.. lot on N line of Vallejo street. 34:4 E of
Steiner. E 61:2 by N 137:6; $5000. t
Eva Cohn to Herman Cohn (husband), lot on
E lire of Scctt street, 112:6^N of Post, N 23
by E 87:6; gift.
Same to same, undivided half of following—
lot on N line of Bush street, 100 W of Devlsa-
<"ero, W 37:6 by N 137:6;. also lot on SW Corner
cf Chestnut and Octavla streets, S 137:6 by W
"Catherine Kenney to Charles T.. John F.,
Man" E.. -Annie G. and William H. Kenney,
lot on W line of Shotwell street, 115 S of Nine-
teenth. S SO by W 122:6: gift.
Angus Cameron to Ida B. Cameron (daugh-
ter), lot on E line of Howard street, .149:6 S
of Twenty-second. 8 30:8 by E 122:6; gift. :.'
Estate of Henry A. VlUeneuve (by John A.
Prlnkhouse, administrator) to Andrieh Oour-
solle, lot commencing 137:6 S of Jackson «treet
and 229:2 E of Taylor. N 40. E 22:11, N 20, E
K:ll. .3 18, E 66:6. S 22. W 56:6. S 22. W 4-5:10;
Bernard Shaw to Myra A. Greenwood, lot on
S line of Mission street, 418:8 E of Second, S
SO bv E 81:2: $10.
Sharon Estate Comoany (a corporation) to
Thomas Crellln, lot en SE line of Mission. 137:6
»W of Second, SW 78:6 by 8B 80; $75,000.
Margaret (or Maggie) and Rose Kelly to
Thomas Kelly, lot on SE line .of Natoma"
street, 100 SW of Second. SW 20 by SE 80;
Joseph H. Mahohy to Josle Mahony. lot on
ME line of Third street, 75 NW of Townsend,
NW SO by NE 80; also lot on NW- line ot
Brannan. 121 NB of Third. NE 66 by.NW SO;
$4G00. . ¦ ¦•- i
Ellen F. (or E. T.) and ; Mark M. Macherin
to Thomas E. Haven, lot on NW line of Min-
na street. 95 SW of Third, SW 20. by NW 70;
tttOO.
Edward Kichler to Louisa Elchler. lot on SW
line of Third street. 150 NW of Harrison,- NW
23 by SW 80: gift.
Henry Anderson to Antonio Mamlna, lot on
PE line of Brannan street,- 78 SW; of Third,
SW 80:6 by SE 75: $1260. - "'.. - :
Estate of John L. Anderson (by George An-
derson, administrator) to same, same; $1250. ¦
John Brady to Thomas L. Henderson, lot on
6E line of Tehama street. 400 S W- of . Fourth.
S W 25 by SE 80; , $2500. . ,
Sanitarium Buriieid.V
. VISALIA/Jan. 25.— The SL< Helena Sani-
tarium In this city was destroyed by, flre
al 4 o'clock: this morning. The loss is
15200; Insurance, J3000.
: "... , ."i^J&^ssssssB.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
. Santa. Fe..
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~~~ Local Lim'd tOvrl'dl Local
Dally. Daily.) Daily.j Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:23 a 11:45 a 11-05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:06 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:J7 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
•• Bksneld . -6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a, 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
a for mornlnr. P for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Ltmlted.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dtnlng
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honoxed on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
- 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers, and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 re m. dally.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points. In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 111S Broadway, Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V* Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— <:55. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. »1:43.
313 4:00. 5:15. "6:15. 6:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00, •10:00, ni:30 a. m., »1:15,
3:15. M:4S. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. . »«:S0. 7:43. »:30 a. m.,
•12:3Q 1:45, *3:30, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAYS-«:20. »S:00. '10.-00. '11:45 a. m..
•1:40, n:15. 4:45. »«:30 p..m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:45, 6:45- 7:55, 9:30 a. m.,
12:35. 2:10, S:30. 4:54, 5:20 f. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. ra., 12:05, 3:15, 1:30,
5:00, <:43 p. m.
, , THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week . days— Caxadero and war
stations.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 - a. m. Sundays— Tomales and . way
stations).
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running'
a -cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care- anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F.W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
641 Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS'. RAILWAY
leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Fern-:
WEEK DAYS....9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m '
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 and 1:13 p? m.
Fare. San Frandrco •. to Summit and return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offlces, 6Jl^Market st-.-Saosallto Ferry.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
HARKING
HOME
On the Santa Fe
You can hark to Chicago
In 3 days— 3 happy days
On the
California
Limited
¦•CTMKB* IMViriC COHrAXT.
(rAciric st*Tiir.>
TimtM !•»»• mwnt »r« *n* t» mrrl »• at
¦ 451 r!E4>«IS« «.
(Ma!n Une. Foo: of Market Street) »
tun — - y»ox Jaspabt L 130L — iuin
'tSVABenicfe. Snisan. Khnirt. V»c»tU!«.
Baouey and Bacramento 7tt3r
7 JO* D»»U, Woodland. KnigtU LftndiBf;
Mujsrtlle. OroTlile. 7jI3?
f ;3O» Atlaotio Express— Ogden tod Bast 12il.1?
»:••»* >UrUn«. DioU.mou. V«ilejo. >*r».
C&lUu>g% sod 3*nt» lloaa *<13p
•:OOa 5Ues. li»erxor*. Tracy. La'Jirop,
Stockton 7tl3r
t-.tox Ehtata T xpress-Dnto. WiUlams (for
. BarUott Sfrings). Willows. Red
--. - Bluff. Poxtl»«l. T»*»F
¦i»*A 8»Ji Jose, Ll»ermor». Stoeston. -^
lone, Sacramento. rlscfrrlUs,
* M»rji*llK Chlco. lte.l lllulT 4il1p
• i»l> » OakJ»!f, Chinew. Hoaora. Carters... 4: 1 "»r
I»:«O» H»»w»nl». Nilr» sod Waf MteUons. 1 Ii43a
»:Ooi Los Angelea £xpras* — Martina.
Tracy, Ltthrop. Htoekton. Muesd
yreiDO and Lu Asgetea 7;lif
B::t« k T S 11«K Martinex ami Way SUiloos Bi43r
!•:••» Th«O»«rU»dLlnJt«d-O«!len. Dm-
T->r, Oni»h». Chicmrf i «.41r
1 1 :OOa Sllrf. Stockton, Man.
dot*. fif*o. Uksfexd, VlsaUa,
Porter»IU» ««I3»
HiAOa UTermor*. Saoeer. Goihen Juno-
tion. Bakersfleld. Lo» Angeles.....
{!:••? SaarajneutoKltarStmiHen.. ....... t->'««»
3:OOp HaTwardi, Hiltt and Way Station*. »««3r
4i««r Martinet. Kan lUinou. Taliejo,
N^l>». Calfxtot*. Sant* llot» »U 3*
4i*«v Bcoicto. Winters. ttaararaentat
WtxxliiuMl. KnWIiU Lamlbic.
JUrjsTllle, Oro»ni« !•««»
4ttOr Htjirarf*. WIm and Han Jm>...... t J' »^*
5j»0p Nile*. Ll»ermor», dtntkvm. Lodi ... IOjOa
«3s«0p bnn«e* Limited, El Pajo. New
Orle»a« and E«t. «lo»13*
3:OOrT)i« U«l Llmtted— Traer. Fr«»oo.
Bakenneld. Baagns tor S*nt» Uar-
bara, Los Ancelea. ltilSA
JiOOr Nfw Orleant Kxpi«s«-I«a»«rs(tol4.
HauU Rarbara. Jam Angeles. Drat*
In*. El Fmo, Now Oileaua aud s
East 7«-i!l4
•iOOpHajri»ardi,Nll«audS*a Jo»e 7ili»
t««O«r Vallojo Ili434
•••or Oriental Mail-OgJe^ Cbeyenae.
Omaha. Ctiictgo WiISf
0<OOr Oriental Mali— Ogdeo, Denver. . .
Omaha. Cbicaaa 4tl3r
?iO«rOreemiaad CallfomU K«i>r«wi n, 3 .
raitisutu. Marjiflllo. IUU.Ui>*.
l'urtlamt. 1'nget M4m1.il »>"l Kaa* ¦ Sr43A
liMrBu F-ibla. P«r» CoaU. Martlaea
aiHl Way Stations 'i'l'l*
l«;Wf Vail*}.. »*V
COaSff WtWIM <5«rrow U»«n»).
(Foot cr M«rk«t SUett.>
Mtl3*Netrart.friitenllle.HatiJose.r'»'ltoo.
Boulder Cre«k.S*maCt« and W»j
Buttons ••••• •»«•»
tailSr Kewark. C««t«rTMle. 8a» Jns«, New
Almadan. rottoo. It»ol<l49r Cra«k.
SanU Crux and I'liQciuai Wai
8UU01.S 1 ?? 4
4il3p Newark. San Jos», Lcs Gatos 8wO*
att:30p Hunter*' Excursion, San Jos« and
WarStadons ?T"»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSll r»»l«3Ca— fnt «f «arU»t JUhKSII?!)—
t7.15 9:00 ll:0Ca.m. l:0Q 3:00 B:13r>m.
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— ?« » t3:QS
10:f0a.m. 15:00 S:CO 4:00p.m.
COAST DITISIOX (P.roaiHan?r).
(Thlnl mid ToMn«e»«l St».)
4Oil «*. Ueeau Viow, So»iU» »•» *r»uci»ew.. t»»a»e
7:00* San Jo«» a».l Way SUtl.mii (New
Alwadeu We.hie*<lajs oi»li> li»O»
»•••» Han Jose. Ties 1'ii.u*, HaMta Cr>«.
PaeiCtr «Ini»o. 1'asn Itiiii.e*. nan
I .nis Obim«i. Hnrf. Lompoe au4 ....
rrliurfpal Way SUtl.ms J'iJ*
!•!«•* Baa Joa« aud Way SUUona »?"«
I ll3O* M»u Jo«9 ami «'¦» HUtious ........ »«»°r
tai l»r Sao Mateo, lUUwooil. Menlo Park.
Palo Alta ftanta Clara. San J<««.
Tre» Plnoe. SauU Crux. Sallna*.
Monterey »ntl 1'aciHc Otot« tlj'*"*
f StSap San Joaa and Way 8tatlu.ia l,Z r
t4«l»P S«. Jowaa.1 Principal Way Station. »**3a
t3:«ttrSan Jos* Los Gato. and Prinapal
1 WaySUtioos *J'?5*
3>S«r San Jose and Principal Way Statious »'-»*
•:3Or San Jose ami Way 3tatlous '*,«*
qlli-iar San Joseawl Way SUtlons "¦""
AforMominj. P to* A J^™*""-.
t»nnrtayeiee,.ted. J»»*4a»»«*.
t Moodxys. Wednesdayi, rridara.
c Tnf»<iaya. Tbnradaja. Sondays.
« Satardar onl jr.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RT. CO.
LESS3S1
SAN FRANCISCO AND lt€BTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot. of Market St
-*»nn Fpanciaco tn San Rafael.
TIEUROX FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— *:». 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 15:J3. 3:30.
5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— E^ttra trip at 11:9)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 r>- rn.
SUNDAYS- 3:00. 9:30. ll:C0 a. ra.; 1:30. 3:30. 5:C0.
1:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:». 7:30. 9:20. U:10 a. m.: 1T:6.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip, at 1:32
and 6:33 z>. m.
SUNDATS-SU0, 9:40. U.10 a. nv; 1:«L 1:40. 5:05.
C:!5 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I AxtItw
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1300. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week;
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato. 10 :« am} 8:40 ara
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pmilO:!5 anx
6:10 ptn »:0Opm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| <:23 pra
. Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:13 an
Healdsbur&r.
Lytton.
OyserTtlle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am CloverJale. 7:35 pm <:23 pnx
740 ami | -Hopland f~~ I
I 8:00 amj *nd Ckiah. | 7:33 pm| <:S pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
S:CO am Guernevllle. 7:25 pm
g:30 pm <:S pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:10 am
5:10 pm! 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, <:05 pm 6:22 ptn
7:30 ami S:CO ami 110:*) am|10:K am
3 :3(> pm! S:00 pm! Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| *:Z2 pra
fiajes connect at Santa, Rosa for Mark West
Sprirg* and White Sulphur Spring*: at Fultoc
for AJtrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
GeyservlUe fcr Skattsa Springs; at Cloverdals
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. HIshland Springs. KelseyviUe. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Banlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Winer
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Dt/s. Riverside. Lierley*a. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn H-ishts. HullTille, Git's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bran, Wwtport. Usal,
Wllletts. Laytonville. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. CO Market st.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RTAJT.
II. C. WHIT1XO. " Gen. Faaa. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KFtnv Y ST. Established
tn 1934 for the treatment of frivat*
Di^asex. Iy»t Manhood. Debility or
IiM»a<i'" wearlngnn body ami mind anil
Sfcin Diseases. The Doctor cur** when
oihers falL Try him. rharges low.
(nrf«?uar:ini<T(l. Call or write.
Pr. J. T. GIBBOX. wan Francisco. Cat.
The Weekly Call.
61 pep Year.Incandescent light wiring a specialty. Elec
trical Engineering Co.. 608-531 Howard at. •
Judge Thomas F. Graham has still' fur
ther increased the lead which he secured
yesterday over hla opponent, William. R
Daingerfleld. Contrary to expectation;' It
now. appears 'almost a .7 certainty . that
Graham will win. . < \ * . ;
Graham, Increases His Lead.
Mrs. Adflhe\d Sutro. mother of Assem
blyman Oscar Sutro. died In this city yes
terday. Mrs. Sutro has-been an Invalid
for some time. She leavefe four children
in all. - the others being Gustav, • Alfred
and Anna, The funeral will' take place
Monday from the family- residence, 1935
Jackson street.
Mrs. Sutro Dies.
Jesse Moore "A A", whiskey Is used at all th«
principal hospitals ln the United States. Why
is it? -¦¦ ; .'> - ¦ ' '** '\y':'\ /:•)¦:
LOUIS EDWARDS SENTENCED.-Louls Ed
wards, the e'x-convlct, who registered at hotels'
under assumed names of army and navy offl*
cers i and . obtained - money, by « sending "fake"
dispatches to himself, was convicted by Judge
Conlan ! yesterday on two charges of obtaining
tnoney by false pretenses and sentenced to six
months ' In ; the County "Jail I on each . charge
Edwards was an ¦ attorney ln Slsklyou County
when h» was : convicted of forg-ery and sen
tenced to three years in Folsom penitentiary
He waa released December 4 last.
IN CONTEMPT OF COURT.— David Peter
son, a street car conductor, was ordered com
mitted to Jail for contempt of court by Judge
Kerrigan yesterday. Peterson refused to obey
an order directing him to pay his former wife,
Josephine Peterson, alimony ln the sum of $15
a. month. He will be given an opportunity to
day to explain his delinquency, and failing,
will go to jail until he compiles with the or
der-of court. ... ....
PLATfc perjury ¦warrant not IS
SUED.—Attorney Linforth,*ln behalf of W. H.
Wright, failed ; yesterday to secure a warrant
for the arrest of - K. H. Plate on : a charge ' of
perjury for having made sensational . charges
against Wright In connection with his manage
ment of the 6an Jose Fruit Packing Company.
Warrant Clerk Peery's refusal was on tha
ground that Plate's alleged charges were mere
ly matters of opinion. Attorney Peter- Dunne
will endeavor to alter Peery's opinion Monday.
ACCUSED OF STEALING JEWELRY.— Mrs.
Inez Valentlna, 1 1119A , Kearny street, * secured
a warrant * yesterday afternoon, from •. Judge
Fritz, for the arrest of Adolph Peralta on a
charge cf grand larceny. She accuse*- him of
stealing a gold ring set with three diamonds, a
gold ring set with a ruby and a gold watch,
of the • aggregate value of $340, on Thursday
last.- v:~V ¦":"-':-. : . ' ... " r : ¦'./-..- ¦
. GOD'S MEASURE OF A MAN.— The mass
meeting: for men only at the Young Men's
Christian Association. Mason and Ellis streets,
tomorrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock, will be ad
addressed by the Rev. F. Vernon Jones, pastor
of Park Congregational Church. This la Mr.
Jones' first address before the association. He
will speak on "God's Measure of a Man." .
TOO MISERLY TO BUY FOOD.— Martin
Stelman. an .old man. was picked up by the
police on Market street yesterday In- a starving
condition and taken to the Receiving Hospital.
On being searched a bankbook was found show
ing- that he had $295 on deposit; there was also
found ?33 ln coin on his person. The man's
clothing and person were filthy.
LUXEMBUIIGER SOCIETY.— The Luxem
burger Society at its last meeting elected the
following officers for the current term: Peter
Reles. president: William Kohler. vice . pres),
dent;-Matt Lorentz, treasurer: John B. Blvm,
recording secretary; Nicholas lOop, sergeant at
arms; Bern Kohn, Pos Schwa tz . and Peter
Schwartz, trustees.
WOMEN'S CLUB TO MEET.— The Elizabeth
Cady Stanton Club. >Dr: Anna Harris Barnes,
president, will meet this evening at the office
of Clara Foltz, 310 Parrott building:, , at 8
o'clock. Election of officers ahd an Interesting
programme.. Members and their .. friends are
cordially invited to attend. ¦
HIS FINGERS CRUSHED.— James O'Connell,
a machinist, while at work in the Fulton Iron
Works yesterday, caught his right hand be
tween the coirs of a revolving: wheel. Two fln-
Kers were badly lacerated. They were dressed
by . Dr. Mathewson at the Receiving Hospital.
O'Connell lives at 1209 Green street.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Gas and Electric Company.
The annual meeting of the San Francis
co Gas and Electric Company'.was held
Wednesday afternoon. A full board of di
rectors was present. The secretary's re
port placed the asset*? at $14,443,142 and
showed that supplies en hand are valued
at $50,000 more than a year airo. The fol
lowing were elected directors: Joseph Ii.
Crockett, Peter Donahue, Adam Grant,
Rudolph Spreckels, J. Downey Harvey,
Daniel T. Murphy, George W. Prescott,
Albert H. Payson. LevJ Strauss, Thomas
B. Bishop and C. OsRr>od Hooker.
, * BATTLE roval occurred yester
>\ day morning between twenty em
i ZA\ ployes of the ban i rancisco Tele
j Sv phone Company and the stage
| warriors of the Tivoli Opera
house.
The field of conflict was in front of the
stage door of the Tivoli on Glasgrov.' street,
(which runs from Ellis to Eddy street.
i "Doc" I>eahy, manager of the Tivoli, Wi3
j returning from a morning cancer in the
j park, and on approaching the stabler
j which adjoin the stage door entrance of
the Tivoli he was surprised to find a
force of men engaged in digging a deep
hole ln the sidewalK directly in front ot
! the Btaee door of the theater.
¦ When Leahy asked the men what right
¦ they had to dig the hole he was told in
' forceful but inelegant language to hie
l himself to a warmer clime.
! "Doc" Leahy jumped from his hon»(»
{ and dashed into the theater sounding the
"call to arms."
A rehearsal was In progress at the tlmo
and, like trained soldiers, the forces of
the Tivoli responded to the "alarum." '
Ferris Hartman was putting a number
of girls through the Intiicacies of a fenc
ing duel and. armed cap-a-pie, the come
dian, with sword and dagger, led hia Am
azons to the fray. Property Master How
ard Morrison came forth with a muzzle
loading gun ¦which did duty ln the Mexi
can War. Electrician Woolf armed him
self with a soldering iron, the stage hand.i
grabbed "braces," Treasurer Krause se
cured his six-shooter and his assistant.
Burt Mullen, donned his Gymnasium' suit
and boxing gloves.
"Doc" deployed his thesplan army and,
making a wide flank movement, surround
ed the enemy on all sides. ' ¦ . •
The telephone men had excavated the
ground to a depth of eight feet and wern
lifting a 70-foot pole to place upright in
the hole.
"Surrender or we chaxze," cried "Doc"
Leahy as he mounted his horse. "Thl3
way for your tickets— I mean line up— no,
I mean close up ranks." said- Treasurer
Krause, as the telephone men raised the
massive pole Into the air.
A crowd of spectators blocked tha
street and watched the combat and bet-*
were made that the Tivoli forces^would
capture the trenches aiid swarm over tha
kopje of excavated earth.
Some of the Tivoli orchestra at this
point played a stirring war march and
the Tlrolian warriors I swept forward.
Down came the huge telephone pole, nar
rowly missing the heads of the combat
ants; the thesplan army dashed over the
kopje; the trench was carried at the point
of Ferris Hartman's sword and the ama
zons lined up and cheered "Loc" Leahy,
while the telephone men fled in utter rour.
A courier was dispatched to Mrs. Ernest
ine Kreling, telling of the great victory
won on the borders of her realm.
"Doc" Leahy, in reporting the matter to
the police, stated that the sidewalk in
front of the stage door Is but four feet
wide and the pole which the telephone
men desired to . set up was sixteen inches
square and that ingress to the stage doo
would have been impossible .r.the po'i*»
had been erected. Leahy was acting in
the letter of the law. as he had learned be
fore the battle that the telephone com
pany had not secured a permit 'from th-?
Board of Public Works to erect the pole.
Later ln the day ' Assistant Manager
Olass of the telephone company called at
i u'e Tivoli and apologized for what hart
been done by his forces and a treaty of
peace was signed. The telephone pole will
not be erected in - front of the Tivoli's
stage door. Jt is lying, in the road as a
trophy -of victory. -
The writ of habeas corpus issued Thurs
day night by Judge Lawlor, directing Mrs.
Edward Calhoun, mother of Mrs. Henri
etta R. Howell, to produce her daughter
in court at: 10 o'clock yesterday morning,
was dismissed when the matter was called
and nothing further will be done till Judge
Coffey passes on the rival claims of the
mother and husband for letters of guard
ianship.
Mrs. Calhoun was in court yesterday
morninp. John B. Sherrard represented
Assistant United States Attorney E. J.
Banning, the temporary iruardian of Mrs.
Howell. lire. HoweU'a husband was not
in court. Sherrard iTiformed the Judge
that Mrs. Howeil had been surrendered
id Banning and a?ked that the writ be
dierr.issed. Th* 1 Judge made the neces
sary order and the proceedings ended.
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Ars Dis
missed on Request of Attorney
by Judge Lawlor.
HENRIETTA HOWELL IN
CARE OF A GUARDIAN
INVADERS OF THE REALM OF THE TIVOLIANS ARE DRIVEN FROM THE FIELD OF BATTLE BY THE VET
ERAN ARMY OF AMAZONIAN WARRIORS LED BY THE VALIANT FERRIS HARTMAN AND THE RE
SOURCEFUL "DOC" LEAHY.
gested Condition of Local
Storehouses. ¦
An Important reduction in freight rates
on barley will be made by the Southern
Pacific commencing _February_l. __A_rate
has been fixed of 50"cents per'MXTpoiinds
on barley in sacks in cars loaded to their
carrying capacity from California ter
minals and from" Port Costa to - the
Missouri River, Mississippi River anl
Chicago common points. This, however,
applies only to and from points named
and not from or to intermediate points.
The rate will expire March 31.
The rate at present is 70 cents per 100
pounds to the Missouri River; 75 cents to
the Mississippi River and 80 cents to Chi
cago. The. reduction is made ln order to
afford shippers an outlet for a large over
production, which has been accumulating
here for several seasons on account of the
Fcarcity of shipping accommodations. The
warehouses at Port Costa and other coast
points are badly congested and something
must be done to make room for next sea
son's croi>.
Reduction Is Attributed to the Con-
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CUTS
BARLEY FREIGHT RATES
The Convention of the Episcopal XMo
cese of California was brought to a close
yesterday with the morning and afternoon
sessions of the Woman's Auxiliary held
in St. Paul's Church. California and Fill
more street3. • ' ¦
At the morning session a large number
of members of the auxiliary and their
friends assembled in the church, where
Bishop Nichols conducted the service.
The holy* communion was partaken of
and the officers of the auxiliary then ad
journed to prepare their reports for the
afternoon session. A lunch was served in
the parlors of the church at midday.
In the afternoon Bishop Nichols opened
the proceedings with prayer and then
ma'de a brief address on the work of wo
men ln church affairs. He paid a hlsh
tiibute to the late Queen Victoria, and
said that one of the brightest gems ln
her crown was the missionary achieve
ments during her reign.
The Bishop commended the inspired
work of the members of the auxiliary,
and urged them to continue on the same
lines. The details of work done by wo
men were used by God to mark the prog
ress of the church, he said. In closing
his address. Bishop Nichols eald that the
general convention of the church to be
held in this city next October will help
the church to teach people the power of
Christ. •
Miss Hawley delivered an address on
"Mission Classes," and said that its main
purpose was to wipe out ignorance. She
reviewed the work done In the classes
during the last year and hoped that all
would continue in spreading the gospel at
home and abroad. _^
Mrs. Bryan of Stockton spoke on "The
Junior Auxiliary." She suggested many
ways of making the classes attractive,
so that young girls might be brought into
membership. .
•Miss -Wade of Berkeley spoke on •'The
United Offering." She reviewed the suc-
of the offering since it was started
ln 1S83 to help maintain two missionaries
in the field. Every three years the offer
ing was made, and it has Increased until
in 1S98 the sum of $S5,000 was collected.
The offering this fall would be divided
amonK the Bishops for use by them in any
field they desired. _ ¦
Rev. Mr. ¦Gallway of Menlo Park gave
a vivid description of the work ln the
slums' as he found It In Chicago and New
York. The people of pov«ty needed sym
pathy and moral help in addition to finan
cial aid. he said. k
Continuing, he said there was room for
the auxiliary women to go into the homes
of the poor and aid them. Personal work
is what humanity needed and what Chris-
Bishop Nichols Pays Tribute
to Episcopal Church
Auxiliary.
WOMAN'S MISSION
IN CHURCH WORK
tlanity raeana. People should b« as wri
ing to give themselves as their money
Great buildings do not mean Chrlstlanity :
it means the hearts and souls of men and
women devoted to good deeds. All should
go amonc the poor and lowly and h»lp
mothers and fathers to properly raise
their children: make men or the boys and
good women of the girls.
Mrs. Glauber then outlined the -work to
be done by the auxiliary when the gen
eral convention meets In San Francisco
in October. The proceedings close* with
the singing of the recessional.
4 ¦-,-"' .
Thespian Army, Under Generalship of "Doe" Leahy, Turns
Enemy's Flank as He Is About tfo Plant a Massive Pole
and Puts the Cohorts of the Monopoly to Rout
Another section of the same act empow
ers all State officers -to recognize all
leases for terminal facilities which are on
file in the office of the Secretary of the
State two years prior to February 15, 1901.
Another bill reads: "To enable steam
railroad companies to complete their rail
roads, and authorizing the construction of
railroads." It provides that every steam
railroad company which has expended
$25,0C0 and which has not completed its
road prior to the passage of this act is
authorized and empowered to complete its
road.
Section 2. The lease of the lands known as
China Basin in the city and county, of San
Francisco to the San Francisco and San Joa
quln Valley Railway Company for terminal
facilities, made en November 21, 1300, by and
bpt ween the Board of State Harbor. Commis-
Flcners and said railway corporation. Is hereby
approved and ratified, and the covenants, con
ditions and terms thereof shall bind the parties
thereto, their successors and assigns and the
State of California.
Section 1. All leases for terminal facilities
made or executed by any State officer or board
of State officers to any person, persons or cor
poration within two years prior to the passage
of this act and which shall be on file In the
tfflce of, the Secretary of State on or before
Fibruary 15, 1901, are hereby recognized, ap
proved and ratified, and the terms, covenants
and conditions thereof shall bind the parties
thereto, their successors and assigns and the
State of California. •
BOARDS OF OFFICERS OF THIS STATE.
The people of the State of California, rep
rttented In' Senate and Assembly, do enact as
fellows: "
Captain H. Payson and E. 8. Plllsbury
representing the Santa Fe Railroad and
ex-Governor James H. Budd, attorney for
the Harbor Commissioners, were present
at yesterday's meeting. Attorney PUls
bury addressed the board and stated that
the railroad company was willing to act
up to every clause ln the covenant. .He
laid special stress on the clause that binds
the road to expend not less than $50,000 an
nually for six years in the erection of a
seawall, a total • expenditure of $300,000.
Mr. Pillsbury furttier expressed the opin
ion that the leasing of the property would
be advantageous to all concerned. He
concluded his remarks with the statement
that the bills that the Commissioners
were about to have submitted to them,
and which if they met with their ap
proval would be *sent to Sacramento for
the Legislature to act on. were heartily
indorsed by all the responsible commercial
bodies In this city.
Ex-Governor Budd then read the bills,
which are six in number. At the conclu
sion of the reading the bills were unani
mously adopted by the Commissioners.
The most important bill reads as follows:
AN ACT CONCERNING, CONFIRMING AND
RATIFYING LEASES AND OTHER CON
TRACTS MADE BY ANY OFFICER OR
¦ The Harbor. Commissioners took up the
subject of the leasing of the China basin
to the , San Francisco and. San Joaquln
Valley Railroad yesterday and adopted
bills for ratification by the Legislature,
whose approval is necessary to legalize
the _ action of this board - In' the matter.
The lease to the railroad was originally
signed in November, 1900, and the work
done yesterday was practically a ratifica
tion by. the board of Its action at that
time. . .
Document Provides That §anta Fe
Hoad Shall Construct Seawall
Costing . Three Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
Harbor Commissioners Send
Bills to Sacramento
for Adoption.
RATIFIES LEASE
0F CHINA BASIN
TIVOLI WARRIORS IN MOTLEY ARRAY
WIN A GREAT VICTORY IN A BATTLE
WITH TELEPHONE COMPANY'S FORCES
The cases were ta'jen up at 9 o'clock '
restetday morning. The first was that of i
Lee Nin. A Chinaman purporting to be a J
relative and to have lived with N'in in i
China pavo hfs testimony, and It was de- j
veloped that they spoke dialects of differ
ent districts, a proof that perjury had
been committed. The two other cases
¦rere on a par, and Judge de Haven de
cided that the applicants were not native
born Americans and ordered their depor
tation.
The originals of the foregoing- ¦were sent |
over by a special messenger in the after- |
noon to Judge de Haven's chambers, but j
the Judge had just left for home. He will i
be handed the documents to-day and may j
call upon Ageni A very to explain why he j
deceived the court by stating that the i
three Chinese petitioners were detained I
while their baggagTe was being searched.
Customs Surveyor Spear said yesterday
tliat the baggage of all Chinamen as well I
as other persons arriving here is searched I
immediately.
It is a significant coincidence with the
fact of the non-arrival of the Chinese in
court until the afternoon session that the
Hongkong Slant, the vessel on which the
Chinese would have been placed for de
portation, sailed at 2 o'clock on the after
noon cf Thursday. Had their cases been ¦
h<ard by Judge de Haven as originally i
intended, at 14 a. m.. tbe applicants. Lee |
Nin. Dong Ch<-e and Lin Quai, would have \
by this time been many hundreds of miles |
out at sea on their way home. !
In re the particular Chinese delivered on '
writs of ha±>ea» corpus on Thursday morning. !
January 24. DOL the assertion that delay was i
o<"casicn«I by the necessity of the search ot :
the bsgpage of such passengers ie erroneous. !
e? 1. 1 l>aFi,'«ige had to be searched. The Chinese j
in question were taken in and were ready for i
departure at 9 o'clock a. m. 1 am Informed i
thtt the parties having- them in charge after j
they left the dock took the Chinamen to a
photograph gallery for & sitting. •
The custom* authorities' interest in ths writs |
it simply to record them, the certificate nun- j
b*r, number of the FteamEhlp ticket, the ves- j
stl. the date of arrival. In the exercise of due |
•IS'Sjrence that the party covered is delivered. I
In reply to your communication of even date
in regard to writs of habeas corpus calling
fey the production of Chinese held in the de- j
tent ion shed. I respectfully Inform you in the I
premises as follows: In the matter of Chinese j
habeas corpus cases, the writ* being directed j
to the master of the vessel or the agent of
the company, they are rntlrely in their hands
lor execution.
The custom* authorities' interest In ths writs
When Customs Collector Stratton
learned 5-esterday iCiat W. H. Aver>%
iigent of the OrfeniiU Steamship Com
pany, had stated to Lr.ited States District
Judge de Haven on vlie day before that
h* had beca preventtxl from obeying a j
¦writ of fcobt-as corpus Jdv customs inspec- j
tors Mr. Stratton addrtss ed the following
lime to Customs Surveyor Spear: i
Honorable Surveyor— Sir: . It ha* been re
ported 10 me. throusU the "Crated States At
torney's giSc«>. that where, writs of habeas
corpus caUlr.g fcr thi rrodc ctlon of Chinese |
held ln the deter.tlon dock 'xiaxe been Issued j
delay ha* been occasioned of several hours on I
ficcourt of the irisi>ectoi-» in. charge not per
mitting the Lhint-se to dei«rt without exam
ining their baggage or personal effects. Judge
d<? Haven states, throusn thp Urited States At- ¦
torney, that hts court ha« t<een. put to tncon- ;
venience owing to this practice. I would ask j
you to make re;>ort showing- why there has I
been any de'.ay ln obexTag the process of court j
in ordtr that in future there may be no po«- j
eible crour.d of ccm7>Iaint to the effect that in i
any way tins department is responsible for !
not g:\ing ih«» fullest respect to any order j
which Judge de Ilavci or any other Federal
Judge may make.
The following Is the report transmitted j
by Deputy Customs Surveyor St. John: i
JTot Bassd on Facts.
Representative of Oriental Steamship
Company Must Explain Why He
Jilade Statemeats That Were
»
Chinese Were Not Detained
at the Dock by the
Inspectors.
AGENT DECEIVES
JUDGE DE HAVEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JANUARY 26; 1901^
Qt.
14
, J% For a Cold in the Head. ,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
What the
N, Y. Tribune
has to say of the new
Steinway
Upright
Pianos
The recognition of the Steinway dis-
coveries was instantaneous. To-day
the annual output of Steinway graftd
piar.os Is more than double that of all
the other manufacturers ln America
combined; while the Steinway upright.
j m whose construction the manufacture
i of both Europe and America Is based,
I has been carefully developed side by
j side with that of the Brand. The high-
i est priced upright made, it presents a
quality of tone absolutely unique, and
f=!nce the application of the grand plate
I by Mr. Zeipler has been rightly deslg-
I naled as the "prand piano in upright
form" because of its power, elasticity
and breadth of tone. While the pro-
cesses of Stelnv»-ay construction rest
on the firm foundation of scientific
I law, the constant improvement in de-
I tall never s-tops. and is the care of Mr.
Henry . Zeipler. grandson of Henry
Stefnway, the elder, who. true to the
principle laid down by Ruskin. is him-
self the possessor of powers that can
only Ixr developed through successive
perorations. . Hi? Improvements In the
construction of the upright piano, and
'lately ln all the Fizes of the grrand
piano. Ftamp him as the foremost of
his profession of to-day. — The New
York Daily Tribune, Jan. 6. 1901.
Note. — No matter where you pur-
chaLse your piajio. Sherman. Clay &
Co. will be most liberal ln their allow-
snee should you desire to exchange the
piano for a Steinway.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinwny Piano Dealers
Cor Kearrij- and Sutter *tB.. S. F.
Ccr. 33th and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Park and WasMngtcn, Portland.
Til Second ave.. Seattle.
MARKET ST. iyi (M$ MARKET ST.
and Jcnes. »» Y^h careful attention'. 8
To-Day and Monday Will End Our
What's left of our Fall Goods will be closed out at pries s
that will compel shrewd buyers to purchase. Money re-
funded if goods are not satisfactory.
German Flannel Waists. Serge „ .
All 6lzes-Jl quality— on sale Kf|r» t\ ••••* *• ' tfM*£b.imv>-
¦ - ; • «U C Overskirts. :/ *^ ; jS
r- t_ ri i »»/ ' ~ a. ' About . S dozen ¦ v£_ cosjfT
rrencn rlanne] wa:sts. ««* «mi navy g^J iu1_lv
All Hned-t2.C0 nuallty-on C| 45 S'kirV^QuaHU- Pv^rSS
Bale on Bale, l£'/J ' : t$i
B ack Sateen Waists. 8S.75 k^P^^ 1 J
Fizes 38, 2S and 4»-on Bale O^r* .
J - oC He'fon flannel W&'&iM
Taffeta Siik Waists. Short Skirts.
Fannel fiowns ¦ *Oc
r$.~\ K ' We have only a •» 4 r t. a j
%r^$ email lot left or Hana'Crcchelcd •'¦W3g0i3& i &
• HL^J'Jr thcai 65c gowns— vQiZlZte*'^
JjgK on sale to-day, SklTtS. . t '•^tjrTTV
/W^^S. "^"OC -i ! All colors-J2 qual- "¦'. M .
fl-fe. • '. "J » loDuCl.-' UUWI15. . •
V"'V : ""'.* " -V Our $1.60 -quality — . Wnn'on r*-.^^-^^.
Xk' : 's ' ¦¦¦¦¦: mmmed with tor- woojen Uresses.
r\;:i-.r '.v chon lace-on sale, Chllds' Wool Plaid Dresses; all 8lze§- lined
S^p 98c $1.35
:, [&'& Woolen Child's Flannel Dresses.
, /' 'Ai. --Aj ¦ Women's, imported U_ • r- a
f' '\^\ half-Bleeve vesta; HOStery Sdle^
50C «^V, 17 doie "> CHILDREN'S; HEAVY
iWOMp-S-WpOL VESTS; In all color, Srtef^^e*^.? '' "^ 15C
and «izee: J1.2i 4 quality— on sale... rTPZ.*-* '"' «vw
••••* :¦¦ •••** >c ' , - Belts -
WOMEN'S COTTON VESTS;: IK^ . _ ""„ . ¦ „ ¦- H c lt3-
long sleevee; all blies-sale price.. IOWv' s l 1 ™ Pulley Belts; In black uidffA P .
: gold trimming— $1 quality— on eale tJlJK*
Flannel Wrappers. Ribbop.^ '
We will sell! $1.25 ¦Flannel Wrap- yfZn Fancy All-Silk Ribbon; 30c~qual- 1 0 1 /¦»
pers— all sizes— for ..:......... * Ow ity— on sale...... .....Per yard 1^2V
* kid gloves for Saturday I
CT Tc«3Jlf 8 n ?!°£ C f S rC the result of infinite painstaking on our part. S
K k fhrfrTinufartEr? W p« ° verlooked ln their planning, as none Is ta X>
ft-'' f? manufacture. Consequently th ey are superior In flt. style, qual- J®
m xVee or^charVe^oVen \l fo^ZlS ™ ?3? ? *** Cl °* a * d M
% ben^ve^Vn^aSnl'nonor roKXWr^ M
Cf ana a. determination on our part ?S Frenchl^ Twn, .^S r efully » elect^ £?
•'A? Klye the be.tpoa.lbl. v^alue forth? ft&ton £ SiSuftStamV SSil P^ A*
«a price can produce to sell for a dol- male* it ¦v7T«th»i -i »*•»« can Bft
M ¦ far. . It come, in buck, white .°nd nwTlfV^'^Z *
bj the newest shades of tan. mode rriee Biarir whit. =^5 .i . A?
I handkerchiefs belt sale f
JS Ladles* all-linen handkerchief, with To-day— continuing the .ucc-s^fui «
Cf pretty lace edges and fancy lace cor- ,«i % o f the past week"we offer wi
AD ner» and centers— also ncalloped and eral hundred 12 and 14 cord biack A?
m embroidered handkerchiefs ln a Rreat eatin or velvet belts with jrilt atrt^, M
Cf choice of beautiful patterns. Now. that sell regularly at 75c each *7
£J each '. 35c for 48c <O
I Kale's iron thread hosiery I
<Tl A counter full of splendid values In ladles' and children's hosiery 7"
ft? awaits your buying to-day. And it ivill be rapid if your estimate of «
£y • /their attractiveness proves as high as ours. They came to us at *y
£j prices way below the usual— and our savings are your savings. A?
*» . '¦ , -j^iL- * t doz * n ln th * lot - ' The y ar « f a»t Wa«* «nd J8
»¦/,. HI! S 1 63 811 ' bOVS r-iade ot hard-twisted elastic yarn and Jiave 'X.
*V u^ • a ->t extra double knees, heeis and toe»-ttn# rib «V
<M JTlOSiOry 1 nZ but heavj- weight, i All size. 5<4 to 9«4- r«ual ©
CT- " inice 15c a pair— now 12H« ty.
fi? " 1C0 dozen In the lot. Elastic, smoothly fin- A?
/V micRse' flnA T»ihhpr1 lsihed and verv drMSV - T^^y are made with Jw
•1»»-'- ' "J* 5 *- 1^ line riDOBU improve round double heels and toes and *Y*
Ox ' hOSlfiPV -'15c ¦ e-xtra double knees. Fast black, of course £j
¦ Jm . ¦-.' . . ,>?*-%' . * -.' ". have no use for the kind that water J&
vj ;,.¦..''¦ , ! - ¦ worstens. Sizes 6 to 9H- Now, per pair.. 1.1c •/
£m ladies* fa't b'aCk 1CO d °" n ln th * lot - Heavy, so't. warm. b2
jra . ,J~ a . U ._T** V ', Made with wide legs, narrowed ankles. p* ar ll j©
*g~ • JlOSlCr/ 12 .C • ribbed elastic tops and double heels anl f>»s. r*
Off ¦ Sizes 8^i to 10. Now, per pair 1-Hc As
Xf Sixth. iMi -flgg^Rrt^ avenue. cy
CALLUSTRO SOAP, M jg?iS2. ;# 25c
Bcgular dozen 35c.
ELITE BAKING POWDER, per tin 30c
; Regular 40c cer tin.
Elite and Oyster CATSUP, per bot 20c
j Rerular 23c. .
ASPARAGUS CRESCENT, 2 tins 35c
.: Regular 25c.
Berthault French Sardines, ?, e n r 20c
Fish In Oil. Larse tins.
VOLUNTEER MUSH in pkgs, 4 for 25c
Regular 3 fo*«"25c. . .
DRESDEN WAFERS, •',» 25e
Regular 30c per tin."
OLIVES, Dolly Worden....... 30c
2 sizes In one bottle. Regular <0c per bottle.
Hand-Painted TRAYS- . .Ssfflfiig
,. Regular U-75 and XI. 4a ...
KITCHEN SETS (8) blue painted
/china • • • • • • •'• • • • • >45c each
Lettered.
LOWtNBRAU BEER..... teftfg
" • Imported . Munchener. _
: -Regular, qts »4.25. Pints J2.90.
MUSCATELWINE; par bot. -v5Qc
'<! Old. dry. best, regular 75c per bottle.
KEY WEST CIGARS, B t °,i°,. $2. 00
--^Regular tS.50. J.' -'-¦-¦ ,..„....
BIBO; NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
. - 144T-49 POLK jSTREBT.
TEl* EAST 373.
y ADVEBTISEMEUTa
Hc^tJ^^^ w£fJSsB\\ Bf^w^l lljLSf tjQ^St
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
GRANUUTEDBeat feno SUGAR, 18 lbs $100
Epreckel»* Reflaln*.
BEST L. Bros.' Brand EASTERN ffA¥S 12c
Every Ham Guaranteed. Res. 14a.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square Zoo
Choice Butter Is Our Motto. Rejrul** 45c.
CHOICE Point Reyei BUTT1R, Bqioare. . .30o
t Squaxea 85c. Keeu'.ar 4ta.
BEST CITY EGGS, dozan SOc
From th« Mission. R«ralar SS&
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 25o
Guaranteed. Resular 30c.
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best COFFEE, Ib 25o
The Best Coffes In. ta« City.
Regular 35c lb.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, Ib 40o
¦ Six Kinds. Regular We.
PORT and SHERRY, 8 years old, lot. . .25o
5 Bottles 11.00. Regular «0c
Sweet Cakes, fig bar, lemon, ginger, uic nacs,
cocoanut taffy, reg. 15c and -20c Ib. .12^3
OLD LONDON JAMAICA RDM," lot. . . ..76o
. New England Hum. TSc. Her. II. 00s.
BEST CATSUP, L. Bros.' Brand, lot. . .12^0
The Finest. Resular 20o.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKEY, qt bot $1.00
Imported Belfast. Regular 11.25.
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 can3. . .25o
Rerular 19c can.
SNIDER'S TOMATO SOUP, 2-lb can 12Jo
Rerularly 20o can.
BEST TABLE SALT, paper package 6c
From Kansas. Pure. Res. 10c
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes 25o
Best for the Toilet. Regular 4 Cakes for 23c.
OLD GOVERNMENT- WHISKEY .90c
Qt. Bottle. Regular 11.25.
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY 10c
Regular 13c x>kg. -
HU1LE D'OLIVE, half gallon 93c
From Marseilles. Rctralar tl-23.
CIGARS CUT— All 12|c size 10c
Cigars by tha Box at Cat Prteti.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
, ¦ Can take advantage of thesa Special Sale*.
: We ship frea of charge with every &?• <Jol-
. lars or raors within one hundred miles.
Ask for monthly price list — free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. C2. No Branch Store*.
ST. VALENTINE'S DAY
i hope will bring us many new order*
for laundry work. Drop us a line at any
time, and we wlll.call for your soiled
linen. 'and send It home with, such a per-
fect finish and beautiful color upon It that
your Valentin© will only bo too srlad to
lay her head upon your shirt front.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts It
you order It . ..-.: ;- S ,
No saw edges. .... . :. >'. i "- ' ¦
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street. $
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave
DR.MCNULTY:
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist <rur«Btood Poison. Onnorrhcpa.Gieer,
Stricture, seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
Killed Dl.v>rders. BooSc on Diseasea of Men, free*
OverWyears'PiperVnce.Tprni^ reasonable. IIoqr«,
»to3da!ly;5:30toS.30ev'ir%Btjn<l«ys.l0to 11 Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
r. RO»COB MfXCLTT, M.D.
26 >£ Kearny s»t.» San lfrsncl»e« # Csl.