Continued on Third Page.
ike some great Hindoo god. In their gold
Iveries the white-wigged coachmen of the
Lord Mayor looked down contemptuously
upon soldier, herald and peer.
Grouped Between Troops.
In thejolden.days a veritable bar or gate
sc,>rti.Tttil i thr, J city\fr6iii">wlQiojt." v^'Tb-iiiiy
ten strong policemenjstretched^"red.sllk
en rope across the "thoroughfare, in honor
of the' city's ancient privileges.- r
As the clocks struck .the , .time the of
ficer in command of the troops cried,' "At
tention!" • . ; ¦
The rifle stocks came down with a click
upon the asphalt pavement, and two gold
laced . trumpeters appeared ' at Griffin's
side. The Lord Mayor and Sheriffs, mace
bearers, chaplain, remembrancer and the
whlte-wlgged Judges of the city courts
left their carriages and grouped them-
BeJves together between the lines of drawn
up troops. Then the City Marshal, who
was on horseback, wearing a uniform of
scarlet, gold laced, with scarlet plumes,
rode up to the barrier, and the klng-of
arms, whose green and gold Tabards out :
shone those of his colleagues, appeared at
the imaginary bar.— His trumpeter blew. a
shrill . blast, which the Lord Mayor's
. trumpeters answered, and then the City
Marshal rode up to the barrier and de
manded: , , •.
"Who goes -there?"
Sj T lie r kins -bf-arnis "answered that It f was 1
Ihe King's Herald came to read a procla
mation. r , .
;• ."Enter,' Herald," said the. Marshal, and
the -herald, was- conducted to the Lord
Mayor and -Aldermen, who were still
grouped In the street.
uprising is growing to- dangerous propor
tions. 'Marshal Bennett has Just received
a : telegram from Bristow, I. T., announc
ing that 600 armed Creeks stationed two
miles from there are preparing to attack
the town and pleading for protection from
the Marshal. Marshal Bennett and Agent
Shoenfelt are swearing in large num
bers of deputies, whom they are forward-
Ing to the scene of the trouble. It is now
feared they will reach the town too late
and the Mayor of Bristow has been In
structed to swear In all the men necessary
to protect the town. ' Soldiers are being
hurried from Fort Reno .to the seat, of
trouble, but they will not reach Bristow
before- to-morrow night, as. they will ar-
MUSKOGEE, I; T., Jan. 24.— The Creek
themsel*"'. U P ' n open rebellion 'against,
the constituted authorities and are there
by violating the laws of thi3 country.
These- people, members of the so-called
Snake; band, have become violators of the
law, ; and while Justice may be sometimes
slow to set in motion., there Is no sort of
question: but: that, every one "concerned
with the Snake band, whether as principal
chief, so , called. . or- as light horsemen.*
judge e or as an alder, and abet
tor in' the outrages which they have com
mitted^wlll be brought to Justice and re
quired to; answer in' the courts for; their
offenses and crimes. . .
; REDS; PREPARED FOR A RAID.
refuge in Eufaula. John Cruk, a leader of
one of the insurrectionary .Creek Indian
bands, and some of his irerf are watching
Mclntosh.. i '•,'¦¦ ."'."'¦ . ' £*•¦: '/' '"V^' '•" ;
United States. Marshal Bennett '[ of : the
Northern Dlstricty-of- Indian Territory
has issued through. ex-Chief Mclntosh the
following proclamav.on. ¦ '.which : nteans im
mediate fighting unless , troops : are here
within twenty-four hours:".!- '•.->*/ . ' :
"I .was Indeed sorry,' yesterday- to learn
that ¦ the* so-called : Snake bands ' have con
tinued to organize" a ; so-called; government
and to elect' offlcers ; and adopt a code of
laws,' and are endea-yoring. to; now, enforce"
such laws.' I say/ I^ain sorh'j'to^earn this*,'
because" these misguided' people areVettlngf
heard from them for two days.
rive at Henrietta first and go overland.
Indian Agent Shoenfelt will ask for
more help, as it 13 found that one com
pany of cavalry cannot handle the situa
tion for the Indians are dividing up into
bands of one hundred. Marshal Bennett
with six deputies 13 about the leave for
Eufaula. where Crazy Snake was seen to
day, and will attempt hts capture. The
Snake band is within three miles of Bris
tow and is reported to have whipped two
white men.
The Dawes commiryion are fearful for
the safety of their party of appraisers,
headed by Representative Hackbust of
Leaver. worth, Kans.. and who are in the
Wetumpka district. Nothing has been
bridges and section-houses on a precon
certed night. They have deposed Governor
Duke and issued an order to all citizens
to cease leasing or renting- to whites. The
first offense they will punish with fifty
lashes, they say; ears will be cut off for
the second offense and death for the third.
They have organized and have leaders
in every Choctaw county, and claim to
have a membership of 2600.
United States Marshal Grady has sent
the leaders word that arrests will follow
the first violation of the law, no matter
what may be the result. He has wired
the department for permission to * swear
in special deputies, and If this. is granted
he says" he will be able to handle them
and will not ask for troops.
There is to be a meeting of the full
bloods Saturday, and the Marshal says
he will attend it If he can and. give the
Indians a talk. The Indians are riding
over the country in bands of five or six
serving their notices. General Superin
tendent Harris of the Choctaw Railway,
who was here last night from Little Rock,
has enjoined especial watchfulness upon
all employes of the line in Indian Terri
tory.
MEANS IMMEDIATE FIGHTING.
EUFAULA. I. T., Jan. . 24.— ExlChlef
Roley Mclntosh of the '* treaty j party ¦ and
about twenty of his followers; have taken
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T..
Jan. 24.— Reports of a Choc
taw uprising are fully con
firmed. Scouts sent out from
this city last night report
that the disaffected Choctaws
have a number of the Creek
Snakes among them, and
they have b^en quietly organizing and
erming for some time. They call them
selves the Chortaw Snakes. They com
prise all those Indians who are opposed
to allotment, and the conf.lct is between
them and the treaty Indians. While non
<-itirens are not in danger. It Is stated that
'he Bnakes have planned to destroy all
the railroads in their nation by burning
CHOCTAWS AND CREEK SNAKES READY FOR WARPATH
.-.-. . i'-v.-v- ~j; ¦ ¦ ,- ' . ¦;¦ ¦_• ¦ "::¦/•¦ • - • ..¦ . . ¦-- . - .- • ¦ ¦• • • ¦-'• •¦•:¦;•.•.•.-•-..•. -.
MRS. CARRIE NATION. THE SALOON WRECKER OF. KANSAS. WHO WAS ASSAILED BY WOMEN PARTISANS
OF LIQUOR SELLERS YESTERDAY AND SEVERELY HORSE WHIPPED.; .MRS. NATION HAS RECEIVED AN
j OFFER TO GO UPON THE STAGE IN "TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM." • . '
towns," said Mrs. Nation to-night, "and
I am much encouraged. The work must
go on In every State, and I am confident
that we can do It that way.
"I have received an invitation to go on
the stage in Chicago in 'Ten Nights in a
Barroom." at $73 a week, but will not ac
cept it, as it is not notoriety I am after.
"Women in Wichita are organizing and
are demanding the closing of saloons
there. If it is not done they will smash
them worse than I did."
IMITATES MRS. NATION.
Denver "Woman Threatens to Wreck
a Saloon Frequented by Boya.
DENVER. Jan, 24.— Fired by the ex
ample of Mrs. Carrie Nation of Topeka,
Mrs. Abigail Her.ry of Denver gave notice
to the local Fire and Police Board to-day
that unless a certain saloon is not shut
in two days she would wreck it. The sa
loon is known as Figaro's. It is on Down
ing avenue, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth avenues.
"The place Is conducted by a woman,"
said Mrs. King. "She bought the saloon
from Figaro a short while ago. and im
mediately the boys of the neighborhood
began to frequent the place. If the Fir©
and Police Board or the truancy officers
do not remedy the evil I will follow the
example of Mrs. Nation and take the mat
ter into my own hands. I have not a great
deal of sympathy with the actions of Mrs.
Nation, but if her provocation is as great
as this I would do the same as she is do
ing. I will give two days for the officers
to wipe out this place, and if It is not
done by that time I will get a few friends
and lead an assault on the place."
B. Hoffman as nresident.' Mrs. Nation
says its purpose is to suppress saloons by
law If possible', but by force if necessary.
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. 24.— The numer
ous saloon-keepers of Topeka are much
worried over the possibility of Mrs. Nation
coming: here. There have been several re
ports that she would be here before Ions.
The owners of ealoona have prepared
elaborate barricades for their doors and
have engaged the services of watchmen
so that It will be a difficult matter for
Mrs. Nation to gain entrance .o the
places.
GIVEN" A STAGE OFFER.
Mrs. Nation Asked to Play In "Tea
Nights in a Barroom."
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 2i.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation^ left Enterprise to-night for Hope,
Kans.. where she will hold a meeting of
the temperance women to-morrow after
noon. From there she will go to Kansas
City Saturday and will begin the usual
operations there. There are two Joints in
Hope, which is a small village twenty
miles south of Enterprise, and the liquor
people there are terror stricken at the
knowledge of her coming.
A special dispatch from Enterprise to
night says that the wreckage in the sa
loon Is complete, not "a whole bottle re
maining In the place.
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Hoffman, who have
housed and upheld Mrs. Nation In her
work at Enterprise, seem to enjoy the
event, and say that the work should pro
ceed. .
"She is like John Brown," said Mrs.
Hoffman, "and is doing the same work for
j good."
I "I am receiving many Invitation* to visit
¦ i i^q NTERPR1SE. Kans., Jan.
K "i.— A «ireet fight between
rt^^^^ worrier?, led on one side by
-I " ™ Mr?. Carrie Nation, the sa- }
$ j loon-wreckcr. and on the I
**¦ M g^ other by Mrs. Schilling, wife i
of the manager of the sa- j
ioon wrecked yesterday, oc
currM here to-oaj-.
A* a result Mrs. Nation pwore out war- |
rant? Hj-aim Mrs. Schilling and her hus- ]
bar.d and Mis. William Bittner, charging.!
them with assault. a;;0 Mayor Hoffman !
Mr ore out a warrant acair.st Mrs. Nation \
charging her with disturbing the peace.
All were arrested ar.d taken before Judfir?
K. B. Holt. They were released on bonds.
At 10 o'clock this morning Mrs. Nation,
in company with Mrs. r . B. Hoffman and
fome other W. C. T. U. leaders, entered
a store two doors awav from "William
Echook's saloon, which is still unmolest
ed. Mrs. Nation, appaicntly to give hitn
warning that she would attack his place,
pent for Schook. He complied, but before
nary words were eschaiiged between them
Fhe was assaulted by a crowd of women,
partisan* of the Ealoons, who had organ
ized fi!r.ce last night and had been await
ing to-day's threatened destruction of sa
loon property. A general fight between
the womcr. ensued, dunng which a woman
heavily veiled rained blow after blow
upon Mrs. Nation with a horsewhip. Men
drawn to the scene became Interested
ppcrtators. but offered no aid to either
eidr. Quiet was restored only when thd
police interfered. Mrs. Nation was badlv
bruised.
.Tu<1sr«? Holt bound a.11 concerned except
Mrs.^Nation over for trial at 1 o'clock to-
Female Partisans of Liquor Sellers
Assail Temperance Leader and
One of the Mob Plies the Lash
morrow. Mrs. Nation was found not
guilty of disturbing the peace and was
released. The cases of the three women
arrested on complaint of Mrs. Nation
were continued until to-morrow. Mrs.
Nation declares she will swear out addi
tional warrants against the women charg
ing them with attemot to kill. It is as
serted that when the attack on Mrs. Na
tion was made this morning there weie
cries of "KTJ her! kill her!"
Mrs. Nation returned to the home of
Mrs. Hoffman to doctor her wounds and.
as she declared, to "prepare lor to-mor-
I row." Much excitement prevails over the
! affair and business Is practically sue
! pended.
The men are taking no part in the con
troversy asldo from urging the women on
their respective sides and to furnish bail
when arrests are made.
A request was made for a county war
rant for Mrs. Carrie Nation last night.
j but none had been Issued to-day.
"I am going to finish my work." said
Mrs. Nation determinedly, as she closed
! the busiest day of her tour last night.
j and. taking her at her word, the Chief of
j Police to-day swore in a dozen extra po
j llcemen.
j At Abilene, where Mrs. Nation threat
j ens to make hfjr next onslaught, the sa
loon-keepers have placed guards at their
{ places.
Mrs. Nation declares she has encoun
tered more trouble here than at any place*
! yet visited by her. She will remain In
J Enterprise at least until to-morrow. At
j a meeting held here to-day by local tem
i perance workers the Mothers' and Sisters*
'Aid Society was organized with Mrs. C.
Exciting Encounters at Enterprise,
and Saloon Men in Threatened
Sections Guarding Their Places
CARRIE NATION, SALOON WRECKER, WHIPPED BY WOMEN
Lord Mayor's voice was strong, and his
oratorical words were distinguishable a
block away while he read the warrant of •
the Privy Council to the Herald. There
upon the spectacularly-attired Herald,
bareheaded also, for the third time de
livered the proclamation. Probably no one
fifty feet away heard his words until, at
the end, he raised his voice and shouted:
"God save the King!" putting particular
stress on the words.
Crowd Cheers Feebly.
When the Lord Mayor finished reading
the warrant, with the words "His Majes
ty, King Edward VII.'* the ciowa for the
first time cheered feebly, but wlt&out uni
son, seeming to feel that too great a dis
play of enthusiasm for the King might
appear to partake of disloyalty to the
memory of th© departed Queen.
It was only when the Herald shouted
"God save the King:" that the populace
responded heartily with cheers, many peo
ple echoing the shout of "God save tho
King," and waving their hats.
The Lord Mayor In the meantime pro
ceeding to the Mansion House, stepped
out on the upper balcony and aaid. In
ringing tones:
"Join in singing from the bottom of
your hearts, 'God Save the Kins.' "
The response was uncertain, for the
people present feared to undertake the
unfamiliar words until the common ser
geant (legal adviser of the corporation),
led off. whereupon hundreds joined in.
This was repeated three times, each time
hundreds more taking up the singing, un
til it became a mighty roar. Then came
more cheers for the King and Queen Con
sort, hearty but solemn, and of a vastly
different sort from the shouts heard for
Queen Victoria's jubilee. There was an
undertone of mourning.
The the Life Guards and officials from
the West End moved away and the crowd
broke up.
The city officials gathered about a table
in the Mansion House and raised their
glasses, drinking the health of King Ed
ward VII. -who had been proclaimed ac
cording to the ancient ritttal.
FUNERAL OF" THE QtTEE2T.
on February 2.
COWES. Isle of Wight. Jan. 21— It has
been decided that the funeral of the
It Will Take Place at Windsor Castls
Gorgeously Attired Herald
Announces Beginning
of NewMonarch'sReign
Black was the universal color worn by
the people. Hardly a bright bonnet or
gown relieved the sombernes of the crowd.
Soldiers and policemen formed an almost
solid lane, down Cheapside. where the pa
geant was to pass. The people behind
them, crowding for a sight over then
shoulders, were of all classes, from the
prosperous brokers to East End costers.
The mass was subdued and remarkably
orderly, an impressive contrast to the
usual London holiday crowd. The roofs of
the Exchange Bank and the Mansion
House and the windows and balconies
overlooking the scene were filled with
solid rows of people. Big policemen kept
a clear space in front of the exchange.
Enter the Lord Mayor.
At about 10 o'clock the procession, which
was disappointingly short, though gor
geous, swept down from Temple Bar at
a rapid pace and was received silently.
The officials " entered the exchange by
Corn Hill, and appeared on the top steps,
the Lord Mayor, with- the, sword-bearer
lea.dlng. ;the SherifrB.^Alde.rraen, RecprdjE
"amt'oty^aiarshal* following/
A flourish of trumpets Impressed silence
upon the crowds, and the Lord Mayor,
uncovering, stepped forward. All hats
came off and the men remained barehead
ed throughout the ceremony, under the
misty rain, for nearly half an hour. The
A few streets further on the proclama
tion was read again, and the procession
advanced by way of Ludgate Hill to the
Royal Exchange. The final proclamation
was made in front of the exchange. The
square before the exchange, with the
prison-like walls of the Bank of England
on one side and the massive official resi
dence of the Lord Mayor on the other,
was a stage setting whose age and solid
ity . befitted the portentous ceremony.
There were no decorations except flags,
all half-masted, save the city's red cross
on a white field over the Mansion House.
The royal standard hung above the ex-
Change and over the surrounding buslne'ss
buildings flew the union jack.
The trumpeters blew a blast, while the
¦wondering crowd stood bareheaded and
silent, not knowing what to do until a
military band in the procession struck up
"God save the. King."
"We with one voice, consent, tongue and
heart, pledge allegiance to King Edward
VII."
The Herald then read the proclamation,
to which the Mayor and Aldermen replied:
•yf 0ND0N, Jan. 24.— London to
day was given a glimpse of
medieval times. The quaint
ceremonies with which Kir.;?
j Edward \ II was proclaimed
ff» rg^ at various points of the
metropolis exactly followed
ancient precedents. The offi
cials purposely arranged the function an
hour ahead of the published announce
ment and the inhabitants, when thcy
ewoke. were surprised to find the entire
way between St. James Palace and the
city lined with troops. About IOJM0 sol
diers. Life Guards, Hoise Guards. Foot
Guards and other cavalry and infantry
regiments had been brought iron Alder
ehot and London barrack? after midnight.
All the officers had crape on their arms
and the drums and trass instruments
were shrouded in crapp. The troops in
Themselves made an imposing spectacle,
but they were entirely < closed by th»
strange spectacle presented by the offi
cials of the Collece of Arms.
The ceremony began at St. James Pal
ace, where, at 9 o'clock, Edward VII was
proclaimed King of Cie United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland and Emperor
of India. The proclamation, which wr*s
read by William Henrv Weldon. King at
Arms since 1K&4. and formerly Windsor
berald, was as follows:
Official Proclamation.
'•"Whereas. It ha? pleased Almighty Gofl
to call to his mercy our late sovereign
lady. Queen Victoria, of blessed and glori
ouf mf-mory. by whose decease the im
perial «-rown of the f nitcd Kincdom of
Great Britain and Ireland is solely and
rightfully come to the high and mighty
pTir.re Albert Edward, we. therefore, the
I/ords spiritual and temporal, of this
realm, being here assisted with those of
her lat<= Majesty's Privy Council, with
rsumbr-rs of other principal gentlemen of
quality, the Lord Mayor. Aldermen ani
citizrns cf London, do now hereby with
one voice consent of toncue and heart to
publish and proclaim that the hjg-h and
ir.ighty Prince Albert Edward is now, by
the death of our late sovereign of happy
memory, becom* our only lawful and
rightful Ilege Jor<3, r:dwa.r.i VII, by the
grace of God, King of the United King
dom of Great Britain ar.d Ireland, defend
er of the faith. Emperor of India, to
whom we acknowledge all faith and coc-
Ftant obedience with all hearty and hum
ble affection, beseeching God, by whom
In the Midst of Signs of
Mourning London Gets
Glimpse of Olden Times
The chief interest of the morning cen
tered in the entrance of the heralds' pro
cession into the city at Temple Bar. The
gray minarets of the Law Courts and the
tall spires of the Strand churches loomed
phantom-like out of the fog, while a long
double line of overcoated troops stood,
chilled and motionless, along the half de
serted streets." The clocks in the Law
Courts and St. Dunstan's tolled out
mournfully the* quarter hours till 9:15.
when, out of the gray mist, from within
the city boundary, appeared a procession
of carriages forming the Lord Mayor's
entourage. It was there that the two
procession" were to merge In kaleidos
copic grandeur. The Lord Mayor, Sher
iffs, Aldermen and mace bearers In scar
let, fur-trimmed robes, cocked hats, ruf
fled- shirts, silk krsoe^lii <ech<?g aud .." low
buckled shoes, peered out from the Cin
derella-like coaches that would have been
the envy of Alice in Wonderland. Over
head, in the midst of the pageant, the
preat griffin which marks the city boun
dary spreads its wide, fantastic wings
Entrance of the Heralds.
A blare of trumpets announced the pro
gress of the cavalcade as it proceeded
through Trafalgar Square and the Strand.
The contingent from the College at
Arms was composed of three kings at
armB, four heralds and eight pursuivants.
The costumes of the two latter were
gorgeous beyond compare. They wore
tabards, a garment resembling the cos
tume of kings as "depicted on playing
cards. These tabards were beautifully
and heavily embroidered with silk lions,
the royal coat of arms, and flowers in be
wildering confusion. There was the
rouge dragon, the blue mantle and the
multravers. with all the armorial bearings
of that quaint old body, the College of
Arms, In full and solerAn array.
Th*> officials then marched In proces
sion from the balcony, through the pal
ace to the Emba&sadors* Court, where. a
number of royal carriages had been
placed by the direction of the King at the
dispo5al of the Karl Marshal. These took
the officials who read the proclamation to
the city, escorted by a detachment of
Horse Guards, forming -a picturesque and
gorgeous procession.
Procession of Officials.
all kings and queens do reign, to bless the
royal Prince Edward VII with long and
happy years to reign over us."
EDWARD IS PROCLAIMED AS KING
WITH ALL THE ANCIENT CEREMONIAL
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX- NO. 56.
EDWARD VII IS PROCLAIMED
KING IN HIS CITY OF LON
DON. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAJLL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan- 24.— The concurrent
resolution proposed by the Com
mittee on Federal Relations, laud
atory of the course of President
McKlnley. Secretary of State Hay and
Governor Gage In relation to the plague
scare, was held up in the Assembly thi3
morning, and finally laid over till to-mor
row. Feliz, Foster, James. Laird and
Brown objected to the resolution, because
of assertions contained in it of which
they had no knowledge other than hear
say evidence.
The Senate concurrent resolution de
manding the removal of Klnyoun was not
acted upon, pending action upon the mild
er statements of the Assembly resolution.
The committee apolnted to round up the
stenographers of the Assembly reported
that it had found six competent ap
pointees and corraled them, and that, ow
ing to the transfer of one of them to the
clerkship of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, another appointment was due. Tha
committee recommended that the chair
man of the Judiciary Committee be al
lowed to make the appointment. The rec
ommendation was adopted in spite of tha
opposition of the San Francisco delega
tion, which wanted the appointment left
with its Committee on Attaches.
A giddy whirl of Junketing trips con
fronts the Assembly, while safely laid
away on the table is Melick's resolution
providing that but three member* of a
committee shall go on such trips and that
only necessary expenses, instead of mile
age, shall be allowed.
Higby, chairman of the Fish and Game
Committee, to-day asked for leave of ab
sence for his committee from Friday until
Monday, as it wanted to visit the hatch
ery at Sisson.
Speaker Pendleton suggested that all
committees that contemplated junketing
trips should agree upon a time, so that
the Assembly might adjourn during: th-s
days of their absence.
The proposal was made that an adjourn
ment from to-morrow to Monday would
be convenient, but apparently few com
mitees are ready for their trips now, and
it is net probable that the adjournment
trill be taken to-morrow for that purpose.
The Committee on State Prisons and
Reformatories is ready for its trip *nd
will ask for leaves of absence from to
morrow till Monday, but Its itinerary Is
not yet determined.
The Public Buildings and Grounds Com
mittee is planning an extensive trip over
the State, as far south as Ban IMego. but
It is not ready to go till next week.
"Colonel" Brady's Committee on Com
merce and Navigation plans to take a lit
tle trip down to San Francisco to inspect
the blocks which it Is proposed to con
demn for the use of the free market.
Legislature MayAdJourr?
While They Are
Absent.
Various Committees
Are Planning
Outings.
JUNKETING
TRIPS NOW
THE ORDER
BILLS INTRODUCED
IN THE UPPER HOUSE
Large Batch of New Measures to Be
'. Disposed of by the Legis
. lature.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 24.— Tho following,
bills have been introduced in the Senate:
S. B. 802, Judiciary Committee—Appropriat
ing $11,050 and accrued interest thereon -to pay
judgment in favor of California Bank of Oak
land, assignee, against the State.
S. B. 30!, Judiciary Committee—Appropriat
ing $197 70 to pay the Judgment in favor of J.
R. Hanify against the State.
S, B. 304, Hoey — Appropriating $12,000 to pay
the claim of Charles F. Wells against the
State.
S. B. 305,. Hoey— Fixing the hours of service
of police sergeants and policemen at eight per
day, except In case of riot or other emergency.
S. B.'3O6, Tyrrell of San Francisco—Amend
ing: the act of limiting hours of labor on State
work.
S. B. 307. Tyrrell of San Francisco— To pre
vent the sale of raw material other 'than Jute
bags, cut stone for bridge arches, broken atone
for roads, manufactured . in State prisons. '
S. B.'30S, Tyrrell of San Francisco— To amend
section 1790 of the Civil Code 'relating to the
obligation of employers. '
. S. B. 309, Tyrrell of San Francisco— Relating
to the obligations of employers regarding ac
tions for personal injuries.
S. B.. 310, Laird— To regulate the 1 practice of
pharmacy and sale of poisons.'
S. B. 311, Laird— Appropriating $39,300 for pay-
Ing the claims of Lassen, Modoc, Plumas,
Shasta, Sierra, Sleklyou and Trinity counties,
based on the provisions of the act fixing a
bounty on coyote acalps, approved March 31,
1891. ¦ -
S. B. 312, Lukens— To provide for the pay
ment of judgments against counties, cities and
counties and towns.
' S. B-. 813, | Burnett— Appropriating J6S.000 for
the support of the Home for. Adult Blind.--i
• 8. B. 314, Nutt— Amending section 3790 of the
Political Code relating: to assessment books.
S. B. 315, Nutt— Amending section 38C3 of the
Political Code relating to "taxes collected by
the Assessor. -
S. - B. 316, Lardner— To amend section 1670 of
the Political Code relating to high schools.
8. B. 317, Taylor— To repeal : the act ' estab
lishing a commission , for the revision and re
form of the law or. the Code Commission. • -
8. B. 318, 'Welch— Appropriating JSO.OCO to
assist. Ban .Francisco in , grading and - making
a cut through the hill on Folsom street.
S. B. J19, Devlin-To insure the better edu
?£ i»2.,? f . PTS ctlUoner8 & dental Burgery and
to regulate the practice of dentistry, etc.
works Cu "er— Relating to sitca for publio
rtn S^« B: Cutter -Proviaing for a lien on
estra*^' costs and expenses for taking up
S. B. 322, Cutter-Amendinsr section 751 of the
municipal corporations act relating to the
p0 o W< V e , s ,, led ln to" 118 ot trustees. *
?w ¦'; ?.' , Cu "er— To amend aection 752 of
tne municipal corporations act.
_ S. B. .324, Cutter— Restricting the" powers of
boards of Supervisors in - the matter of im
posing licenses on the business of raising, herd
ing, grazing and pasturing sheep,
ii^" i? ' Cutter— Regulating imposition of
licenses by counties and municipal, corporations
in certain cases.
™ S ".i B ' 326 ; Cutte r— Restraining powers of-6u
snee ™te matters of Imposing licenses on
on S -Hv e e8 sLk, Ut etc r :~ RelatlnK t0 im^ alag t «"
? S ;i, B# J 528 ' Pynes— To amend the act relating
to the boundaries of San Mateo County,
s. li. 323, Cutter— Relating to legal rate of
interest. ¦*',-¦¦
S. B. .330, Currier— To amend the county gov
ernment act. .
. S ;. B -_ 331 > Savage— To add two new sections
c 4 I VlL ltlcal Code relating to taxes.
fc>. B. 332, Leavitt— Regulating the compensa
o ?? att orn eys in police courts. . . >:
S. B. 323, Tyrrell of San Franclsco-Appro
prlaOng $5454 85 to pay the claim of William
cronan.
' S. B.~234. Oneal— To assign certain blocks of
I!;. San Francisco to be part of a free
public market.
R. B. 333, Davls-^Reduclns the salary of the
Debris Commissioner. *
¦ S. B. 336, Oneal— Amending article 161. »ub
fcftT of tne count y government act of
XS97a ' . .
S B. 337. Laird— Amending section 337 of the
Code of (JOIvll Procedure relating to the time
or commencing actions . •
S. B. 338, Oneal— To amend section 13 of the
county government act.
. S.;B. 339, Bettman— To amend section S0O7 of
the Civil Code, relating to liens for services.
S. B. ¦¦.340, Belshaw— To define the duties or
ana -license land surveyors. .
S. B." 341,' Belshaw— To add a new section
to the Penal Code denning assault with a
deadly weapon."
8. B." 342," Ashe— To amend section 1365 of th«
Code of, Civil Procedure,, relating to -adminis
tration of estates of deceased persons.
8. B. • S4S, Ashe— To amend section 1S79, " re
lating to same. :
SENATOR ASHE'S PUBLIC
ADMINISTRATOR BILLS
Designed to Make Less Expensive
the Probating of .
Estates. : ; ¦-' :
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— In flvo bills introduced
in the Senate by Ashe to-day provision is
made for the abolition of the well paying
position of attorney for the Public Ad
ministrator, fees are cut down generally,
and, in several ways, an attempt is made
to make it easier for a dead man's estato
to bear the burdens of probate.
The first bill provides that •administra
tion may be granted to one or more com
petent persons at the written request of
the person entitled, and "the force and ef
fect of the request shall not be affected
by the fact that the person entitled is a
non-resident of the State." In«accordance
with this declaration, which is the form
of an amendment to section 1379 of thj
Code of Civil Procedure, section 13G9 ! of
the same code, which defines who is not
competent to administer upon estates, is
so amended by the second bill as to strike
from it the clause inhibiting administra
tion by non-residents.
The third bill so amends section 1727 of
the Code of Civil Procedure as to declare
that the Public Administrator shall not
employ counsel at the expense of »ny es
tate unless the court, upon a verified pe
tition setting forth the facts and the rea
son why it Is necessary that he should
have the assistance of counsel, shall al
low him to employ such counsel. It !s
further provided that the compensation of
such counsel, when employed, 6hall bo
fixed by the court and paid out of the as
sets of the estate.
The fourth bill limits this amount
which can be fixed by th« court at, "not
to exceed, in any case, one half of his own
commissions," referring to the fees
charged by the Public Administrator.
In the fifth bill these fees are set
forth, making in each case a substantial
reduction in the amounts allowed by the
present sections of the code, and the bill
reduces the fees as follows:
On the first $1000 from 7 to 5 per cent;
above $1000 and under $10,000 from 5 to 4
per cent: above $10,000 and under $20,000
from 4 to 3 per cent; above $20,000 and un
der SlOOyOOO from 2 to 1 per cent, and above
$100,000 from 1 to H per cent.
The real purpose of the bills, as express
ed by Senator Ashe, is to compel the
election of an attorney to the office ¦ ot
Public Administrator bo that he can do
his own legal work and net be allowed to
ask for a fee for himself and fees for
an a-ttorney as well.
ATTEMPT TO AMEND
THE FBANCHISE BILL
Insertion of a Provision Favored by
Traction Company Will Be
TJrged.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, Jan. 24.— When the franchise bill
comes up in the Assembly for third read-
Ing to-morrow an attempt will be made to
have it amended so as to include the most
important provision of the measure drawn
by the Traction Company. This provision
would make it compulsory for a Board of
Supervisors or other municipal governing
body to grant a franchise without adver
tisement or competition to a company pre
senting a petition signed by the owners of
two-thirds of the property fronting on the
line of the proposed franchise, . and pro
viding, further, that In such cases the
amount paid to the municipality shall be
3 instead of 2 per cent.
Should the amendment not go through a
bill carrying such a provision probably
will be introduced- G. W. Judklns, chief
engineer of the Traction Company, is here
in the interests Of the amendment '
Special -Dispatch to , The 'Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA r
MENTO, 1 ; Jan. 24.— The committee
from the" Seriate which -will visit
the' prisons during the recess over
¦ next Saturday and Sunday # has
been appointed: -It "Is composed of Sena
tors Belshaw, Nutt, Nelson and Plunkett
of the Prisons Committee, and Smith or
Kern, Greenwell and Tyrrell .of .Nevada
from the 'Finance Committee.
.The question of -joint rule 23, referring
to committees of free conference, was
again under consideration in the Senate*
to-day. Senators "Kutt, Belshaw and Sims
were appointed to form a conference
committee to discuss it with a similar
committee from the Assembly. Should this
joint committee fall to agree, the rule will
be In the peculiar position of being re
ferred to a "free conference committee,"
the very thing of which It treats. The
question at issue is whether or not the
report of the free conference committee
shall be considered final. Should the rule
go to . a free conference committee and
that committee fail to agree, the situation
will be rather complicated. The commit
tee from the Assembl>\was announced to
consist, of Assemblymen Broughton, Cow
an and SchilliE.
Senator Lukens Introduced a bill to ex
empt from taxation in counties and mun
icipalities commercial travelers dealing In
goods sold at wholesale, and commercial
travelers from foreisn- States.
. Senator Simpson submitted a bill pro
viding for the appointment of a dentist
to visit the State asylums and 'do such
dental work as. he may tind necessary. A
salary of J300 a month is provided, as well
as actual mileaere. ¦
Senator Nutt introduced a bill providing
for the submission of county and munici
pal ordinances to the people and their
enactment by popular vote. The idea is
to obtain local option for cities.
Senator Belshaw introduced a bill mak
ing it punishable by death for a life term
convict to assault a guard or officer of a
State prison or a fellow prisoner with a
deadly weapon. This bill is in pursuance
of suggestions contained in the Governor's
message.
Laird's Joint resolution asking the Fed
eral Government to provide a school for
the Pitt River Indians of Modoc County
was adopted.
A resolution to add Senator Sims and
Senator Luchsinger to the committee to
make a junketing trip through the south
ern part of the State met unexpected and
most effeptual opposition. Attention was
called to the fact that in making up the
committee of investigation no representa
tion from the Finance Committee had
been provided for. and Sims and Luch
singer were putVforward to fill the breach.
It was objected, however, that the Senate
would be in serious danger of being with
out a quorum during the Junket week, as
seven more members beside those going
south were booked for a trip to San Quen
tln that might take longer than was ex
pected. The argument found ready favor
and the resolution was lost.
Wolfe introduced a constitutional
amendment giving to Boards of Super
visors the power to fix telephone rates as
they now fix water and gas rates. It is a
measure very similar to the amendment
Introduced by Brady in the Assembly a
few days ago.
Wolfe also Introduced ' a bill providing
for an appropriation' of $1000 to be used in
purchasing a State prize or trophy' to be
competed for at the third National
Bund's shooting festival, which is to be
held in Berkeley from July 14 to July 23
The bill further provides that the prize
shall be selected and presented by the
Governor.
Senate concurrent resolution No. 8, rati
fying certain amendments to the charter
of San Diego, was adopted under suspen
sion of the rules.
Senate bill 3G, amending section 1233 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, was passed.
Senate. Joint resolution No. 8, protesting
against the ratification ! of the Jamaica
reciprocity treaty, was adopted, as was
Senate concurrent resolution No. 7 grant
ing the Hon. J. F. Davis leave of absence
from the State for a period not to exceed
six months. .
PROPOSED
REFORM IN
TAXATION
Senate Investigating
Committee's Re
port.
Suggests Methods, to
Prevent Shirking of
Tax Burdens.
Ep*e!tJ Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— The Senate of
the Legislature of 1889 adopted a
resolution authorizing the Lleu-
tenant Governor to appoint -a.
committee of three Senators to Investigate
the problems of State, county and munici
pal taxation and report their findings to
the Legislature of 1901- Senators S. C.
Smith of Kern. E. K. Taylor of Alameda
and J. C. Elms cf Sonoma were chosen
to make the lnQuiry. They have sub
mitted a.n elaborate report, which will be
presented In the Senate to-morrow.
The committee will report that it finds
that money, stocks, securities, etc., gener
ally escape taxation and that the chief
burden falls upon real estate.
Ample reference Is made to conditions
existing in New York, Texas and New
Hampshire, showing that the assessment
of money and credits represents but 2 per
cent of their value.
Figures relating to California are sub
mitted, which Ehow that the total assess
ment of money and solvent credits is but
M3.S47,378, yet the report of the Bank
Commissioners shows that the amount of
money in the banks due depositors is $279,
fc3\0S& 25. ¦ . . , • •
Referring to this evasion, the committee
says: "A plan of assessment resting upon
the solemn oath of the citizen, which
fails to reach one-fifth of the unquestion
able truth, is not one to which a Christian
people can point with much pride. For
moral reasons. If for no other, the present
system should be abandoned."
The report holds that what is true of
money ajid credits is true in a somewhat
less degree as to other kinds of personal
property.
•'Whether we will it or not," says the
Senators, "the country Is rapidly ap
proaching Single tax* if the present sys
iom of taxation be not abandoned or very
radicaJlv changed."
The committee finds that the present
system of taxation is extremely un
popular. Citizens in all stations of life
resist the demands of the tax-gatherer
•with a .deterTnlnation unapproached in any
otner affair of dollars.
"Men cheerfully give their lives and the
lives of their favorite sons to the mainte
nance of their Government but they wiil
not pay their taxes if they can avoid it,"
says the report.
A recommendation Is made as follows:
"In view of the admitted inequalities of
apFessment: In view of the great unpopu
larity of the present system; in view of
the great injustice inflicted upon a part
of the people, your committee recommends
that a radical change be made in the
present system of obtaining support for
the government and that instead of look
ing solely to taxes on property, a large
part of the burden be shifted tft business."
A etarap tax or business tax. similar to
that which the Federal Government Is
now imposing. Is suggested as a measure
to relieve real estate of undue burdens.
The committee does not hazard a bill
carrying Its recommendations into effect,
but "pimply submits the general idea. It
Is acknowledged that an attempt to lay
down the details of the plan proposed
would be to take a leap in the dark-
Text of Some of the More Import-
PROPOSED LAWS IN"
SENATE AND ASSEMBLY
ant Bills Added to the
Calendar.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Brown of Ban Fran
cisco Introduced a bill in the Assembly
to-day providing for the appointment of
a State horticulture quarantine officer,
with power to Inspect fruits and orchards
and to enforce quarantine regu
lations against them or to com
pel the fumigation or destruction
of diseased fruits or trees. His sal
ary is fixed at $175 a month, and he is
to have an assistant with a salary of
$13 a month. In addition, he is allowed
the supervision of such other "quarantine
guardians" as are needed, with such com
pensation as has already been providec"
or as shall be provided by statute.
Knight of San Francisco introduced a
bill appropriating $10,000 for services ren
dered by additional counsel to assist tho
Attorney General in defense of the suit
of the Southern Pacific against the Rail
road Commissioners. The bill provides
for tho payment of $5000 to R. Y. Hayne
and $5W> to \y. W. Foote. Knight also
Introduced a bill appropriating $6490 to
pay the claim of John P. Dulip.
The commercial travelers* bill, in the
Interests of which Robert H. Davis,
president of the Pacific Coast Commer
cial Travelers' Association, has been
here for several days, was introduced to
day by Kelly. Its most important pro
vision is as follows:
No license ran t>e collected or any penalty
for the non-payment thereof enforced acainsi
cny comrm-reial traveler whose business is
limited to the goods, ware? and merchandise
Fold or dealt In In thlx State at wholesale.
No llcenpp ran he collected or penalty for the
non-payment thereof enforced against any
commercial traveler .f?elllng goods, wares or
merchandise from another or foreign State.
A bill Introduced by Carter creates a
"Bureau of Building and Loan Super
vision." to succeed the Boara of Commis
sioners of Building and Loan Associa
tions. It provides for the appointment
by the Governor of a Building and Loan
Commissioner at a salary- of $2400 per
annum, and a deputy at $700 per ajinum.
An office Is to be maintained in San
Franclpco, and the commissioner is to
have powers of inspection of all building
end loan societies and authority .to com
pel a society to cease operation when
ever Its affairs are not In satisfactory
condition. The expenses of the bureau
are to be met by a pro rata assessment
upon the gross assets of the associations
falling under lta supervision.
Assembly bill No. 450. introduced by
Barnes, provides that three-fourths of a
Jury In police and Justices' courts may
return a verdict. : . .
Bchllllg introduced a bill compelling
land Purveyors to take out State licenses.
Tho machinery provided consists of an
«>jcaminlnsr board composed of three pro
fessors of the engineering department of
the University of California, to be named
by the Surveyor General.
Assembly bill No. 472. introduced bv
TUy at the request of the Yo«emlte Park
Commissioners, appropriates J25,Qno for an
electric lleht plant, pumping plant Rnd
road-fprlnkling equipment for the To
*«mit» National Park. A uniaue f«ature
©f It Is th« proposed electric Illumination
of Yosemtte Falls.
MAJOR, TRUMAN WILL
WOT BE STJBPEWAED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 24.— Melick of the Commit
tee on Commissions and Public Expendi
tures, received to-day a telegram from
George Rice of Los Angeles stating that
Major Ben C. Truman is now In Paris
and not sailing over the Adriatic nor vet
speeding across the Atlantic. The co"m
raittee will not subpena him. as his testi
mony is not regaMsd as being worth tn
the State whet his passage home would
cost. The commlttfs hopes, however, tha*
he will come of his own accord.
Chairman BUm sent formal notices to
Commissioner* Foots and Runyon and
Secretary Car-kill to-day asking "them to
appear dutifully before the committee
next Tuesday afternoon with all their pa
pers and be Lexowcd.
Upper HouseAgain Dis
cussesi-Free Confer
ence Rule.
Committee , to Make
. Inspection Is
'Named.'
SENATORS
WILL VISIT
PRISONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO. Jan. 24.— The mem
'bers of the San Francisco dele
gation, who led yesterday in the
latest raid on the treasury by
forcing through the Republican caucu*
resolutions providing for the addition of
seven names to the list of attaches, are
grinding their teeth in rage and vowing
vengeance against the men who to-day
balked their schemes. The resolution
which Kelley, the caucus chairman, was
to have presented, providing for the ap
pointment of the new attaches, did not
come before the . Assembly, ' for the very
good reason that a portion of the Repub
lican members had agreed to vote with
the minority that it be tabled until the
majority could reconsider it in caucus.
A large number of the country members
and tho less voracious Assemblymen from
the populous districts felt outraged by
the caucus action yesterday. Most of
them went into the patronage caucus
understanding that : the proposal to
make Jacob Steppacher an "apportion
ment clerk" was the only matter to be
considered. Nearly all of them werd in
favor of this, appointment, but to bo
hoodwinked and bulldozed into, caucus
action upon numerous other additions to
an overgrown colony of attaches gave
them a feeling of . disgust that insured
their willingness to embrace uny honor
able method of escaping from a vote in
favor of the resolution for the appoint
ments in Question.
Their good humor was not Increased by
the discovery that the caucus had voted
to place four temporary appointees of the
sergeant-at-arms upon the payroll, In-
Santa Clara, who had finally been taken
into the Republican caucus. These men,
with the Democratic minority, would be
able to prevent the three-fifths aftrmatlve
vote necessary to adopt a resolution for
the appointment of additional attaches.
Kelley was told this morning at the be
ginning of the session what would be done
If his resolution were offered. After a
hasty conference with Johnson, Fisk,
Hourigan and others, Kelley offered to
include only Geary. Steppacher and Dele
hantj* in his resolution, leaving the ap
pointment of the four porters for future
consideration.^ The opposition would not
agree, and Kelley was forced to withhold
his resolution, and he announced private
ly that he would call another caucus for
this afternoon. A subsequent conference
with the leaders of the raiders, however,
caused him to change his mind and the
caucus .was not called. An attempt may
be made to-morrow morning to force- the
resolution through in the hope that the
opposition will weaken or that Demo
cratic members may be found to join the
raiders.
Had Kelley offered his resolution to-day
there would have been something doing
in the Assembly. Numerous Democratic
spellbinders were primed and ready to
level broadsides at the Republicans, who,
though ostensibly partisans of the Gov
ernor, were picking large holes in his pet
policy of economy, and that, too, during
his absence from the capital.
Franklin, Butler, Brady, Collins, Evatt
and others of the San Francisco delega
tion were wild with rage at Kelley for his
failure to introduce ¦ the resolution, and
immediately after adjournment demanded
explanations. They in^turn had to give
an accounting to Martin Kelly, who, as
usual, was waiting In the corridor for re
ports from the beetle-brqwed statesmen
who represent him in the Assembly.
¦' 8. B. 344, Ashe— To amend section 1616, re
lating, to same..;
8. B. S45, 'Ashe— To amend section 1613, re
lating to same. .: '..
B. B. 346, Ashe— To amend section 1727 of the
Code of: Civil Procedure, relating to public
administrators. ~. . -
S. B. 347, Smith of Los Angeles — To amend
section 1643 of the Political Code, relating to
duties of county superintendents of schools.
S. B. 348, Smith of Los Angeles— To provide
for the appointment of a commission on prison
reform. --...¦¦
S. B. 349, Smith of Los Angeles— To regulate
the provisions to be included in building con
tracts.
S. B. -350, Simpson— To create the .office of
State dentist' for State asylums.
S. B. 351, Burnett— To protect the manu
facturing Industries of the State.
S. B. $52, Lair*— To regulate the sale of
wood alcohol.
S. B. S53, Devlin— To appropriate the sum of
$1850 78 to pay the claim of Howard M.
Sltton.
. S.' B. 354, Corlett— To amend sections 3571
and 3572 of the Political Code, relating to
public lands and funds. »
S. B.* 355; Nutt— To provide for the submis
sion and enactment of ordinances by qualified
voters in counties and cities and counties
S. B. 356, 'Cutter— Appropriating $4041 50 to
pay the claim of Bateman Bros.
S. B. S57, Lukens— To amend section 4IG5 of
the Political Code, relating to powers of
boards of supervisors.
S. B.- 358. Wolfe— Providing for prizes for the
State shoot at Berkeley.
S.B. 359. Devlin— Providing for the erection
at Folsom prison of a building for the accom-»
modatlon of insane prisoners.
S. B. 360. Oneat — Relating to tax levy for
municipal corporations.
S. B. 361, Hoey— Repealing certain sections
of the Political Code, relating to the National
Guard. ¦
S. . B. . 362. Lukens— Making an appropriation
for the maintenance of the State University
S. B. 363, Lukens— Repealing the act aoDrol
priatlng $50,000 for a Governor's mansion
8. : B. 364, no author — Transferring - tis 753
from the general fund remaining of the levy
for the construction of a Governor's mansinn
to the Btato University fund.
'8. B. 265, Corlett— For the relief of J e
Atkinson, who was ' injured while In the '.»'
v!k> ' nf f tin .-Strata. - • --•
S.B. 366. Flint— Authorising suit against the
State for the recovery of certain land . » ¦¦
S. ¦'-. B. ¦ 367, s Finance Committee— Relating to
the powers and duties of Bank Commissioners
stead of two, as had been the general un
derstanding. Of course it is well known
that these men are proteges of Assem
blymen and not of Sergeant-at-Arm3
Banks. These four, with Jacob Step
pacher to be apportionment clerk, Major
Geary to.be file clerk, and Thomas Dele
hanty to be clerk of the Committee on
Engrossment and Enrollment, made
seven proposed additions to the salary
list. •
The members who felt that whether or
not Assemblyman Franklin and Martin
Kelly had been feeding Thomas Dele
hanty did not concern the State, who be
lieved that the San Francisco delegation
was in no wise entitled to a special clerk,
and who believed that the entire proceed
ing was a shameless violation of the un
derstanding that the patronage list had
reached Its limit, began work last night
to stop action in the Assembly. It was*
recognized by them that if the resolution
to be offered by Kelley came to a vote
they would be compelled in honor, • as
bound by the caucus, to go on record m
favor of a measure entirely obnoxious *o
them. Some of the leaders began a can
vass to determine how many would con
sent to vote to lay the resolution on the
table until time should be had for recon
sideration in caucus, which such action
would force upon the maiority.
By the time the Assembly was called to
order this morning the following Repub
licans had expressed themselves as willing
to -vote to lay the exnected Kelley resolu
tion, on the table: Bliss. Brown of San
Mateo, Duryea, Knowland. Schilllg Mac
beth, Foster, Mattos, Rutherford Web
* er> „,..," Atn crton Anderson of Sola
no, Melick. Clarke, Stewart of Amador,
Chandler and Myers. It was known also
that others favored such action, among
T?r em u^ eln 5 Hane ". Dunlap, Walker and
Wright, the latter the independent from
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
Republicans Who Remain True to Their Promise Not to Increase
the List Decide to Vote With the Minority and Kelley's
Resolution Is Not Called in the Assembly.
PLAN TO PUT ON MORE
ATTACHES MEETS DEFEAT
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Jan. 24.— Senator Lu
kens introduced In the Senate
this afternoon three bills which
doubtless will afford the Univer
sity of California whatever financial aid
this session of the Legislature will grant
it. The first appropriates $200,000 for the
university and the other two effect the
transfer to the university maintenance
fund of the $43,000 now in the Governor s
mansion fund! .
These measures ire In direct line with
Governor Gage's policy and hi3 opinions
as to the method by which aid should be
given to the university. Moreover, the
Governor to-day expressed to the mem
bers of the Alameda County delegation
his approval of these measures and their
introduction out of order in
this afternoon was the result. Assembly
man Foster will introduce them in the
other branch of the Legislature to-mor-
r °In view 1 of 'the* Governor's assured ap
proval and the absence of any disposition
among members of the Senate or Assem
bly to refuse any reasonable aid to tne
university to which Governor Gage will
agiee, it Is predicted on all sides that
these bills will be passed without opposl-
Se'nate bill No. 262, the most important
of the. three, provides as follows:
Section 1. The sum of J20O.00O is hereby ap
propriated- out of atry money in the State
treasury not otherwise approprlatea for the
use and support of the University of Califor
nia, in addition to all other sums of money
provided for the support and maintenance ot
the University of California. • '. -
Sec. 2. The Controller of the Stata Is au
thorized to draw ht3 warrant for the same,
payable to the order of the treasurer of the
University of California, and the Treasurer of
the State is directed to ra" the same on or
after the first day of January. A. D. 1302.
The Alameda 'County delegation cau
cused on the university question early this
afternoon and agreed that the bills here
described should be introduced. Senator
Lukens and Assemblyman Foster, in
whose districts the university is situated,
were chosen to Introduce the measures.
The fate of the Rowell bill Is uncer
tain. Of one thing there is no doubt,
any revenue derived from the sources
made use of by these measures will not
be given to the university. The tax on
naturalization and the inheritance tax
meet very little favop. The fee for in
corporation is more popular and It may be
established by law, but in such cases the
revenue it yields will go Into the general
fund. "WTille the effect will be the game,
since cash is being transfered from the
general fund to the university fund, this
plan will follow the Governor's theory
that direct appropriations should be made
and the Regents held to 'account by the
State Board of Examiners.
The special Assembly committee on that
portion of the Governor's message relat
ing to the University of California and
to Stanford University has not yet or
ganized. A meeting was called for this
afternoon, but a quorum was not present
ancf the meeting was postponed until to
morrow afternoon.
The Assembly Committee on Education
recommended at this morning's session
that the bill providing 1 partial exemption
from taxes for the Stanford University
pass." -- — " ;
ASSEMBLYMEN" SPRING
GRIST OF NEW BIXLS
Many Are Added to the Number
Which the Lower House Must
Pass Upon.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 24.— The following
bills have been introduced in the Assem
bly:
A. B. 596, Kelley— Amending Code of Civil
Procedure relating to all attachments of shares
of stock In corporations.
A. B. 397. Irish— Amending the act appoint
ing a debris commissioner.
A. B. 393, Irish— Appropriating $39,300 for
claims asatnst the State of the counties of
Lassen, Mcdoc, Plumas, Shasta, Sierra, Sls
klyou and Trinity for bounties on coyote
scalps.
A. B. 399, Webber— Adding a new section to
the Penal Code relating to the appropriation
cr donation of public funds for any purpose
not required or permitted by law and provid
ing punishment.
A- B. 400, Brown of San ijateo— Amending
the Code of Civil Procedure relating to at
tachments in civil actions.
A. B. 401. Schllllg— For restricting licensing
by counties of cultivation. of the soil.
A • B. 402. Schilllg— Restricting powers of Su
pervisors in Imposing licenses upon business of
raising sheep.
A. B. 403. Schilllg— Providing that title of site
for "proposed impounding dam shall be taken In
the name of the United States.
A. B. 404, Carter— Defining investment com
panies.
A. B. 405, Hourlgan — Amending the Civil Code
relating to obligations of employers.
A B. 406. Hourlgan— Adding section to Civil
Code in relation to obligations of employer*.
A. B. 407, Hourlgan— Amending the act limit
ing hours of laborers and mechanics.
A. B. 403. Hourlicnn— To prevent the sale of
raw materials and manufactures in penal in
stitutions of articles of commerce other than
Jute baes. cut stone, etc.
A. B. 409. Johnson— Amending the Political
Code relating to election laws. ;
•A. B. 410. Johnson— Amending the Political
Code relating to elections.
A. B. 411. Johns in— Amending the Political
Code relating to elections.
A. B. 412. Johnson— Amending the Political
Code relating to elections.
A. B. "413, Johnson— To insure better educa
tion of practitioners of dental surgery.
A. B. 414, Stewart of San Diego— Amending
the Political Code relative to duties of As
sessors.
A. B. 415. Stewart of San Diego— Amending
the Political Code relating to duties of Tax
Collectors.
A. B. 41J, Knowland— To create and regulate
publio warehouses.
A. B. 417, Knight— Amending the act estab
lishing Industrial' Home for Adult Blind.
A. B. 418, Knight— Amending the Political
Code relating to conventions.
A. B. 419, Knight— Relating to election of
delegates to conventions of political parties
A. • B. 420, Dunlap— Appropriating }300O for
new boilers for Stockton Asylum.
A. B. 421. Dunlap— Appropriating $6000 for !ce
plant for Stockton Asylum.
A. B. 422. Dunlap— Appropriating J15.000 for
roof on building of female department of Stock
ton Asylum.
A. B. 423. Dunlap— Appropriating $40CO for
concrete sidewalk at Stockton Asylum.
A. B. 424, Bauer— Amending the Political
Code relating to the time when patents for
State lands can ¦ be Issued.
A. B. 425, Henry— Regulating hours of regu
lar duty of police departments of cities and
cities and counties.
A. B. 42«, Greer— Appropriating: $80 to pay
claim of William J. Elder for use of room In
State House Hotel for Committee on Revision
and . Reference of Ltwj.
A. B. 427. Committee on Revision and Re
form of Laws — Amending section 382S ot the
Political Code relating to -tax collections.
A. B. 428, Mlllce— Providing for the appoint
ment . of a commission on prison reform and
appropriating J3r<)0 for the purpose.
A. B. 429, Kelley— Providing for prosecuting
attorney in police courts of cities of the second
class.
A. B. 430, Myers— Prohibiting the use of Im
pure milk and cream.
A. B. 431. Berry— Amending section 737 of
the Political Code relating to salary of Superior
Judges.
A. B. 432. Atlierton— Amending section 1 of
the county government act of 1S97 and amend
ing section 862 of the municipal government
act of 1SS3. ; ,, , .„_
A. B. 433. Chandler— Amending section 1570
of the Political Code relating to schools.
A B 434. Sheridan— Amending section 163 of
the Fenal Code relating to bribery.
A B 435 Ralston— Amending the debris com
mission act of 1S93 relative to the salary of the
commissioner.
A B 416. McNeil— Concerning the cancella
tion of certificates of sale under void assess
ments for taxes.- \
A. • B. 437, Gullfoyle^-Appropriatlng J3434 $S
to pay the claim of William Cronan for extra
work in construction rt the union depot and
ferry house at San Francisco.
Little Doubt That They
Will Pass Both
Houses.
Three Bills That Are
Approved by
Gage.
MEASURES
IN AID OF
BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
TREASURY RAIDERS ARE GIVEN A SEVERE SETBACK
CARTOONIST WARREN'S SIDELIGHTS ON THE LEGISLATORS.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iiTEisTsofftBiic
FROM DYSPEPSIA AXD STOMACH
THOTJBI^E.
Instantly Relieved and Permanently
Coxed by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
A New Discovery, but Not a Patent
Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
case of acute stomach trouble and chronic
dyspepsia by the use of the new discov-
ery, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: "The patient was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach.
He had pains like rheumatism in tha
back, shoulder blades and limbs, fullness
and distress after eating, poor appetita
and loss of flesh; the heart became af-
fected, causing palpitation and sleepless-
ness at nlcht.
"I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As
an experiment, I finally bought a 50-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most immediate relief was given, and af-
ter he bad used four*boxes he was to all
appearances fully cured.
"There was no more acidity or sour,
watery risings, no bloating after meala.
the appetite was vigorous and rre had
gained between ten and twelve pounds In
weight of solid healthy flesh.
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are advertised and sold in drug stores,
yet I consider them a most valuable ad-
dition to any physician's line of remedies,
as they are perfectly harmless and can be
given to children or invalids or in any
.condition of the stomach, with perfect
safety, beins harmless and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences,
pure pepsin and Golden SeaL
"Without any question they are the
safest, most effective cure for Indigestion,
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are made by
the F. A. Stuart Co. of Marshall. Mich.,
and are sold by druggists everywhere at
50 cents per package.
¦ Little book on stomach diseases mailed
free. Address F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall.
Mich. •
I For HURRY-UP COOKING
is there anything to equal
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OP BEEF.
I CHORUS OF HOUSEWIVES
I ANSWERS "MA"' ,
DflJEYERS&CO. j@|
Specialists. Diseass jx &^"
and weakness of §fi*f jLa__«TlJ
men. Established {(*?&, *53Kf5]*r\.
1581. Consultation WSJ xSW \£f
and private- book \3i|\ 1 /A I
tree, at offlce or by ftwli Jf^3i»
mail. Cures gnar- \iV Kir**— NS^
awteed. 7lil Mar- NaStm 1^**
ket street (elevator ACr^mS^M
MARKET ST^T^SnBr
ft fl rr s fl fill I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE HOYAL £*s«
Sc. Overcoat* and
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
To Cur* a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablett. All
Cnunrtstn refund the money If it falls to cure.
I> W. Crofe*« sirnature i» oa each box. 25c. •
To Prevent the Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes the cans*. •dignitaries he commanded his equerry to
return thanks. A particularly grateful
message went to President McKlnley. , '
The new Queen moved ceaselessly
around yesterday, seeing that everything
should be done In order. She refused to
allow herself to be called Queen. "Your
Majesty," said one of her entourage—
"Ycur Royal Hignness, you mean," was
the immediate response.
It was chiefly due to Queen Alexandra's
desire to design carefully the minutest de
tail of the death chapel that the first
-funeral service was. not held yesterday.
AKKKn to STOP BOER WAIL
Mason of High Degree Sends a Tele-
gram to King- Edward VII.
MIDDLETOWN, N. Y., Jan. 24.— Colonel
Edwin J. Loomls of Chenango Lake, a
thirty-third degree Mason, sent yesterday
the following cablegram to King Edward
VII, who Is also a thirty-third degree
Mason: •
"Dear v Sir and Illustrious Brother: I
condole with you in the loss of your
mother, Victoria,, beloved Queen. I con
gratulate y.ou on your accession and cher
ish the bopa you may be pleased to carry
into effect the last official command of
the late sovereign to stop the war In the
Transvaal. Humanity, Irrespective of na
tionality, would honor, praise and give
thanks." , ~_
KTKTQ GOES TO OSBORNE.
Crowds Throng, the Streets and Cheer
the Monarch.
LONDON, Jan. 24.— King Edward, es
corted by a«quadron of the Horse Guards
and accompanied by the Duke of York,
Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holsteln,
the Duke of Saxc-Coburg and Gotha. and
others, left Marlborough House at - 11
o'clock to take the train for Osborne.
A royal salute In celebration of his Ma
jesty's accession was fired at noon In St.
James Pack. v
The crowds still thronged the streets
through which his Majesty passed and
the great cheering was in strong contrast
with the sllenco which greeted his Majes
ty's arrival In London. • -
Orders hav« b*«n tasted, to tpa channel
squadron and all other available ships to
assemble at Spithead February 1, the
date of the removal of Queen Victoria's
body from Osbdrne.
It is understood that the warships will
form in double lines, through which the
royal yacht, bearing the body, x will pass.
The vagaries of an apparently harmless
lunatic occasioned some excitement at
Victoria station. During the entraining
of the King a well-dressed individual,
bearing a letter addressed to his Majesty,
waB permitted to pass the barriers. He
hurried to an equerry and said he. wished
to present the letter to the King person
(ttlly. The - man was handed over to the
police. The envelope contained only a
telegraph form, on which were the words
"I wish to see my beloved Queen."
AN- IMPOSING PAGEANT.
Lords and Commoners to Join in the
Funeral Procession.
LONDON, Jan. 25, 4:30 a. m.— It is un
derstood that the passing of the body of
the Queen through London will be an im
posing pageant and that members. of the
House of Lords and, House of Commons
will be invited to follow the procession.
At the same time there seems to be some
apprehension lest a change of destination
should omit London. .
•The Dally Telegraph claims for London
aright to share in the obsequies and de
clares that nothing but the deceased's
own wishes should prevent this. .
The funeral has been delayed to enable
all the foreign representatives ; to arrive
at Windsor in time. It is understood that
Grand Duke Serglus and the Grand Duch
ess . will ¦ come from Russia to be present
at the ceremony. .
When Parliament meets It will be neces
sary, to grant a new. royal civil , list. l the
old one expiring '. with the - death of : the
Queen.- . - . . -*¦
Probably the' Radicals . will endeavor to
reduce the amount, but the general feel-
Ing leans toward an increase, in- view of
the '.Increased- value: of - the surrendered
royal estates. "Renewed '-allowances will
also have to be made for the Duke of
Cornwall and York. • •
Considerable restriction Is being placed
upon the public's access to • the ceremon
ials at Cowes, owing to attempts to kodak
Emccror^ifllan. ,, • ---v_ .-
EDWARD PROCLAIMED KING ACCORDING TO ANCIENT RITUAL
¦ ¦
Continued From First Page.
Meets Sudden Death.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 24.— Charles
Dodge, a hay raiser, speculator and team
ster, well known In Sacramento, Yqjo and
Solano counties, was killed at Davisvill©
to-day by a large telegraph pole falling
on him while being: loaded on a wagon.
Santa Cruz Pastor Besigns.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 24.— Rev. R. L.
McHatton has tendered his resignation as
pastor of the Christian church in this
citv, and a call has been extended to Rev.
J. *\V. Ingrain.. Mr. McHatton is f o en
gage In evangelistic work in Oregon-
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 24.— The first
cargo of ties for the new San Pedro, Los
Argoles and Salt Lake Railroad arrived
to-day at East San Pedro on the steamer
Sequoia. These ties were purchased
through Charles TVl;r and are to be used
In relaying with heavier steel the tracks
of the Los Angeles Terminal road, which
Is now rvart of the n#w line.
Chief Engineer H. Hawgood says that
active construction will begin as soon as
certain details of, right-of-way are per
fected. The surveying parties have not
jet gor.e further east than San Bernar
dino. The running of lines through the
mountain passes will follow the comple
tion of the engineering between Los An
rtle* and San Bernardino. >
Pedro.
Bailxray Arrives at San
First Cargo of Material for the New
TIES FOB LOS ANGELES
AND SALT LAKE BO AD
¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The war reve
nue reduction bill as agreed upon by the
Senate Finance Committee provides for a
reduction of nearly $40,000,000. Taxes are
repealed on the following: Promissory
notes, mortgages, bills of lading for ex
port powers of attorney, protest, charter
parties, certificates of all kinds, leases,
warehouse receipts, telegraphic dis
patches, telephone messages, passage tick
ets costing less than $30, express receipts,
freight receipts, bonds except bonds of In
demnity, legacies to religious, charitable,
literary or educational Institutions and
commercial brokers.
WAB REVENUE BELL
AS AGREED UPON
Alexander Requests That He Be For
bidden to Again Enter Servian
Territory.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
"ald. Copyright. 1901. by the Herald «Pub
llshisz Company.
VIENNA. Jan. 24.— A telegram to the
Neues Wiener Tageblatt' from Belgrade
states that King Alexander has requested
President Nestorovlc of the Parliament
and several other Deputies to bring in a
bill forbidding King Milan ever to return
to Servian territory.
President Nestorovlc and his colleagues,
however, refuse to carry out the King's
wishes and the unfllial request is proof
of an uncertain state of affairs In Servia.
PERMANENT BXTLE
FOB KHTG MILAN
EXPRESS FAITH
IN DR. HOWARD
Students in Stanford's 1 His
tory Seminary Adopt
Resolutions.
Similar 'Testimonial With Many Sig
natures Attached Is Presented
to Professor Spen-
JACKSON. Jan. 24.— Neighbors to-day
found old Mrs. Silva dead in her bed at
Jackson Gate. She was 74 years old and
had lived alone in a house belonging to
her brother, A. Mello, for thirty years.
Found Dead in Bed.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 24.— Two
hundred people witnessed the fight to
night at Whittington Park between Al
Neill of California and Jim Scanlan.
Though Neill was a 2 to 1 favorite In the
betting. It looked as though Scanlan had
the better of the fight up to the nine
teenth round, when Neill was knocked
through the ropes and was thought to
have been knocked out. He came up
fresh, however, and fought desperately
through the twentieth round, which ended
in his favor. Referee Bat Masterson de
clared the fight a draw at the end- of the
twentieth round. Both men were se
verely punlshed-
Tqm Sharkey, who acted as timekeeper
for rselll, announced to the house that he
would challenge the winner of the Jeff
rles-Ruhlin fight.
Contest.
Winner of Jeff ries-Ruhlin
Tom Sharkey Says He Will Challenge
NEELL-SCANXAN
• FIGHT IS A DRAW
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— "I think there is a
strong chance of Bob Fitzsimmons ac
cepting the offer I am going to make him
to fight the winner of the match between
Jeffries and Ruhlln," said Dan Stuart,
the prize-fight promotor to-day at the
Auditorium Hotel. "You see, if my pres
ent plans are carried out I will be able to
offer Fitzsimmons something pretty good
in the way of a purse, and that, I think,
will fetch him. It is true that he has
promised his wife, for the sake of their
children, that he will not fight any more,
and from what I can hear and from what
he' t*lls me 'I guess ; he-does -not . have
to unless he wants to. But I am figuring
partly on Fitzsimmons' natural love of a
mill, as well as a wxtll-developed mer
cenary trait In his nature. I think the
Cincinnati fight will be a go. If Jeffries
whips Ruhlln in Cincinnati he Is almost
sure to fight in Carson City against Fitz
simmons."
Stuart is on his way from New York to
Hot Springs, Ark. ¦
Enter the Ring.
Stuart Hopes to Induce Him to Again
LANKY BOB MAY FIGHT.
We believe that the sacrifice you have made
will help to protect that liberty of thought and
freedom of speech which are so dear to every
true scholar.
We part from you feeling our great loss and
wish it might not have been so.
In view of your departure we, students in
the History Seminary, desire to express our
appreciation of your services to us as a.. teacher
and leader.
We recognize your profound scholarship and
your great executive ability: an ability em
phasized by the thorough and complete organ
ization of the history department, by the, ease
and strength with which you have directed its
affairs, and by the frequent demands made
upon you for counsel and advice in the gen
eral management of the university.
The manner la which you have carried for
ward your work and th<; inspiration which you
have given to ¦ your, students mark you as a
great teacher. The increasing success of your
students as teachers of history makes plain
that they have sat at the feet of a master;
and their regard for you Is excelled only by
their devotion to the truth into which you
have led them.
We admire the spirit which has led you, for
the sake of your students and the university,
to make many sacrifices. We thank you for
the generosity which has given us the unre
stricted use of your library. We are touched
by your devotion to our welfare, made evident
by keeping up your work faithfully to the
last in circumstances* which rob labor of its
zest. •
Our abiding: faith in you has been begotten
by your high character, by the unselfish in
terest in us which you have always shown
and by your absolute devotion to the truth.
You nave proved that a teacher may hold
close personal relations with his students with
out'any loss of his dignity and with a great
gain of their love.
We deplore the loss which the university has
sustained: but we know that youw resignation
cannot break the tlea which bind you to your
students.
The resolutions were signed by the semi
r.ary students in a body. The following
resolutions, similarly signed, were pre
sented to Professor David E. Spencer:
As you are to leave us we. students of the
Historic Seminary, desire to express our ap
preciation of you and your work. We desire
to testify to your high scholarship, your clear
ness of view, your accuracy of statement and
your thoroughness. We acknowledge the high
ideals of work which our association with you
has given us.
We deplore the unfortunate circumstances
which have led you to leave us.
We honor you for the nobility of character
which has made you give up your position for
what you believed to b? the right.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 24.—
The students In the History Seminary,
who worked immediately under Dr.
George E. .Howard and were in closest
touch with him, to-day, drew up the fol
lowing resolutions of sympathy and for
warded them to Dr. Howard:
Special Dlapatcfh to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
>TETV YORK, Jan. 24.— Nikola Tesla has
at last perfected his new svstem of elec
tric lighting-daylight illumination, it may
be called, and he hopes to soon have it
Introduced Into general use. Under a full
head of electricity the lamp has the color
of Ice in the sun. The light Is soft and
absolutely steady. So diffuse Is It that
it deceives the eye and at first seems with
out much power of Illumination.
This is the light— "the perfect sanitary"
light — as Tesla calls it; for which he has
been seeking. There are neither wires
nor carbon filament to break or burn out.
The lamp may be described as a nest of
glass tubes,' bent in rectangular form.
Each lamp has about twenty feet of white
flaming tubes. Into this' square coil of
hollow glass, of the diameter of one's
finger, electricity Is sent quivering from
Tesla's oscillator. Bursting into light, it
floods the apartment with the clear light
of day. It is daylight-»-not the splendor
of the sun, but light of the sun, as on a
cloudy day, when one forgets that the sun
is shining. When a Call reporter saw the
little white, icy tubes shining along the
ceiling of Tesla's laboratory they ap
peared no more responsible for daylight
in the room than the glass pendants of a
chandelier. In a far corner an ordinary
incandescent bulb was glowing. It was
extinguished, but the daylight remained.
When Tesla's icy tubes were extinguished
the place was in total darkness.-
May Soon Supplant the
Now Popular Edison
System.
TESLA PERFECTS
HIS NEW LIGHT
CRASHES ASHORE
AT POINT ARENA
Schooner Barbara Hernster
Strikes and One Sea
man Perishes.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
POINT ARENA, Jan. 24.— Driven by a strong north wind, the gasoline
schooner Barbara Hernster crashed upon the rocks Just below Point
Arena at 6 o'clock this evening. One member of the crew, Frank Chris
tensen. lost his life through the capsizing of a small boat while the
crew was coming ashore from the wrecked vessel. The Barbara Hern
ster is In a dangerous, position and the prevalence of a half gale makes the
chance for her rescue exceedingly slight.
The Barbara Hernster had taken on a cargo of 125 tons of wood for H. A.
Richardson and left her moorings at the wharf for the run to San. Francisco.
The wind proved to be so strong that she was unable to tack out to sea, and
within a short time after her lines .had been cast off she was on- the rocks
Just below the point. The small boats were launched and the captain and
crew started for the shore. Before they had- proceeded far a wave capsized
one of the boats, which contained Christensen and another seamani Chrlsten
sen was drowned, but a line was got to the other seaman and he was picked
up. The rest of the crew reached shore In safety.
The loss of the Barbara Hernster adde another argument In favor of pro
viding a life-saving station at the point. Christensen lost his life within a few
yards of the spot where it is proposed to establish the station, and had a
life-saving crew been present he could easily have been saved.
The Barbara Hernster is of 148 gross tonnage. She! was built in 1S87 at
Fairhaven, Cal., and is owned by L. Hackley of San Francisco.
VENEZUELANS
BECOME HOSTILE
Revolutionary Forces Are
Concentrating at
Curacao.
FORT DE FRAXCE. Island of Martin
ique. Jan. 24. via Haytlen cable.— The at
titude of the Government of Venezuela
toward the Bermudese Asphalt Company
(American) is hostile for the reason that
the concessions recently accorded by the
Government have been given to people in
touch with the Government and who
would like to resell them to the Bermudeso
Company. The Government, having re
fused to accede to the reauest of the
American Minister, who demanded a sus
pension of action on the part of the new
concessionaires in taking possession * of
their grants, strained relations between
Venezuela and the United States resulted
and war vessels are expected to return to
La Guayara. If the Venezuelan Govern
ment employs force to take -ossession of
the asphalt lake It is believed the United
States cruiser Scorpion will land an
armed force.
The attitude of Venezuela toward
Americans may be described as hostile.
On the 15th of this mouth the Venezuelan
troops in the barracks at Caracas muti
nied and killed their colonel, the lieuten
ant colonel and several men, and then fled
in various directions, 210 of the men being
ca.ptured. There was no fighting In th">
town. The exact causo of the mutiny Is
not known.
No accurate details are obtainable re
garding the sinking of the British sloop
jiarla Teresa by the Venezuelan gunboat
Miranda. s- •
It Is supposed the Maria Tereea was on
her way from the British island to Trin
idad with a cargo of arms Intended for the
Venezulean revolutionists and that she
was met by the Miranda, who, wishing to
take possession of her, fired on the Mar'.a
Teresa, and by so doing set her on lire,
after which she sank. In the east the
insurrection appears to be localized be
tween Cumana and the extreme northeast
of Venezuela. The insurgents have taken
possession of Cerupano and during the
evening of January 21 there -was a tenta
tive uprising in the north of Barcelona.
Calm prevails in the west, but a number
of arrests were belne made and revolu
! tionists appear to be concentrating at
! Curacao.
The situation so far as it affects the
Bermudez Aspnalt Company grows more
critical every bour. All the negroes and
other laborers are menaced and impressed
by the local authorities, or they desert,
thus leaving the plants at the asphalt
lake without assistance.
The American colony In Venezuela con
tinues to protest against the indifference
with which American lives and interests
are regarded. •
tfeedal Dlapatch to Tb« Call
1X58 ANGELES, Jan. 24.— For a scion
of cne of England's most noted noble
families the Duke of Manchester Is most
democratic At ML Lowe to-day,
whither he went soon after the arrival
of his car at Los Angeles, the Duke pro
ceeded to make friends with John, the
grulde, who origrln&Uy hailed from Dublin.
"Yea," said the Duke to-day. In an off*
hand way, "we like John, and he will
visit us next year when he goes to Ire
land."
The Duke and Duchess and their puest.
Lord Lambert, arrived In Los Angeles
about noon. Their car was sidetracked
at the Arcade de;>ot, and the three took
*>. carriage and were driven around Loa
Ang-eles, after which they went to ML
Lowe for a flying trip.
The party went to Echo ' Mountain at
1 o'clock on the regular train. The Duke
decided be would like to bestride a don
key and go to Mt. Lowe. The Duchess
likewise wanted to ride a burro. So did
Lord Lambert. Everything was ready
for the start to the summit, when it oc
curred to Eome one that the trip could
not be taken in time for the return to
the city at 3 o'clock, the hour the last car
leaves.
"Oh, that's all right." said the I>uke.
"Order a special, car — two of them, if nec
essary. \Ve are going to the summit.
Have the car here when we return."
The telephone wires were kept hot and
the result was that at 5 o'clock the r>uke
and his party returned to L03 Angeles In
H private car, the like of which had never
been seen before on the rails o'er which
it came. Apparently it had never been
used before and was entirely In white,
both the exterior ar.d the interior.
The party returned to the Van Nuys,
where they were assigned to rooms. The
Ihike was but half through his dinner in
the Van Xuys Cafe when the card of The
Call representative was taken to him. He
did not follow the ufual custom of those
in the public eye ar.d send out word for
the reporter to "wait an hour or two. The
rhike left his cold bottle and hot bird and
Immediately went to the parlor, where
he graciously submitted to an interview
end courteously showed no Impatience, al
though h:s dinner was waltinr. He chatted
pleasantly of the days whenCS was a re
porter m New York and told of having
interviewed Carnegie.
"I Irked the work very much Indeed."
he declared. "Your American reporters
have been most assiduously present
wherever I have been ever since we land
c<i. Only forty-e'.ght met us when we
came out cf quarantine at Xew York. I
talked to seventy-six In two days. Twenty
'j«ed to come every day and I wrote bulle
tins for them. Just as though I were seri
ously 111. They have been in evidence all
the way across the continent and have
dropped upon us from all sorts of unex
pected places. •
"Do I like California? Tes. Indeed!
\ ou know, when I -was a boy my father
owr.f<! a ranch near San Galbriel and I
*pent jiine months there with him. Los
Angeles Is muA Improved since I was
here two years ago. How different it is
now"— he was evidently thinking of the
Duchess, for he continued, "We have had
a very happy wedding Journey. It was
nice even coming throurh the desert Our
hair was filled with alkali dust, which
covered everything- In the car, but we did
not ralnd that,"
¦ Here he gave a happy laugh. "No. we
are not going to the theater to-n!ght. We
rannot take any pleasure on account of
th<» Queen's death. We leave for the
north at 11 o'clock to-morrow. We will
spend some time In San Francisco, and
¦will then po to Monterey, where we will
f=tay for two days, and I will play golf.
I began to play golf only last September.
I usually piay more violent games, such
8« football. Then I devote much time to
rowir.jr ar.d era on the river about four
months cut of every year."
Vcurg TfnriioTTniTi an^ "Wi* Aderic&n
Slide Expect to Spend Some
Time in San. Fran
cisco.
Manciester's Democracy in
Evidince at Los
Angeles.
DUCAL PARTY
WINS FRIENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO,; CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
Queen will take place at Windsor Castle.
February 2. The body of the late Queen
will be removed from Osborne House
February L It was the expressed desire
) of the Queen that the funeral should be
' military In character. Several officials ar-
I rived from Osborne to-day, bringing the
j state regalia.
So hampered have been the arrange
ments at Osborne House that the body of
Queen Victoria still lies in the bedroom
where she died. The elaborate decora
tions necessary In turning the dlningr
room In Osborne House Into a chapel ar
dente occupied bo much time that al
though the royal household waited hour
I after hour for the first private service It
was found Impossible to hold this yester
day. ¦¦•'-"Z'"':
It is hoped, however, the function will
be performed this (Friday) morning by
the Bishop of Winchester, In the presence
of King Edward, Emperor William and
almost every member of the royal family:
The coffin was brought to Osborne House
last evening 'and was taken through the
Queen's private gate, which had not been
previously > used since her death. Em
peror William was the first person to see
It. The coffined body will be transferred
this morning to the dining-room, now
hung with deep purple. The dais is
wreathed with the royal standard and on
each side are grea; candles. Madonnas
by famous painters hang on the draped
walls. In one corner magnificent wreaths
from all parts of the world crush their
blossoms against each other. Among these
the most beautiful are from Emperor
William and Empress Augusta Victoria,
Around the coffin chairs are arranged for
the royal mourners.
Lord Pelham Clinton authorizes the
statement that there will be no lying in ¦
state. However, there is good reason to
expect that many persons will be afford
ed the privilege of seeing their dead i
Queen as she lies In the * gorg-eously
trimmed dining-room, where she will re
main until February L In the expecta
tion that this will be the case people are
already pouring Into Cowes. If. they are
disappointed In this respect they/ will at
any rate be rewarded by witnessing a
great naval display.
Yesterday King Edward replied to thou
sands of messages he has received. To
those from rulers and great-- personages
he replied in person, To those from, minor
3
si5-i° pP(N x
3=Piece Parlor Sets
Beaatlfnlly flslshed mahogany; cov-
ered •mriOx fine ellk tapestry cloth.
\ SWEEPING RtQUCilQNS ':
in FURNITURE and CARPETS
Estimate* on complete boueefurnlEh-
izs cheerfully riven.
I CREDIT EXTENDED.
Fre* delivery within 250 ialle» on SIS
worth and over.
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
i 338-342 Post St., 82 fast. .
1
§VIM, VIGOR, VITAL1 TY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
5 ears by the leaden of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
woret cases In old and young
arising from effects of •elf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lo»t
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Nls&t Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous 'Debility. Headache, Unfltnese to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, r-~ Varlcocele or Con-
etipatlon. Stops Ne *"^ W 3 rvou» Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects Z^m^m a r e '^ mediate.
Impart vl«or and gcff ' 3 potency to every
function. Don't r«t despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores Email, undeveloped orrans.
£t!nrulat*8 tbe brain and nerve centers: SOc a
box ; € for II' 50 by mail. A written sruarantee to
cure or money refunded with * boxes. Circulars
fre« Afi<!r*s» BISHOP BEMEDT CO.. 43 Ellis
mi.. Ban Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
>S and 40 Third at.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD t'EE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
rraat Mexican rmxa»Cr; rlve» health and
• Vetfia to •exual orcana, Depot, 223 M&rtcet,
ADVEETISEMBNTS.
Suits and Overcoats
It's a foregone conclusion that union labor produces the best work in the
world. As all our ready-to-wear clothing is union made we feel confident in
proclaiming it the best possible for .the money : and furthermore, this fact is
verified by our many satisfied customers. Among our most popular union-made
$loBo and $12.5O
They comprise all the usual 1 materials in usual and unusual patterns,
having been made up for this season's wear.
The ten-dollar suits are heavy check worsteds, oxford gray cheviots,
fast-color navy blue serges and fancy tweeds — all in good winter- weight
materials in the swellest of patterns. v v
The ten-dollar overcoats are heavy oxford gray cheviots in different
shades, with velvet collars, blue kerseys and cheviots in good weights, all well
lined and made up in a first-cla^ss manner.
The twelve-and-a-half dollar suits comprise the latest shades in
xvoolen stripes and invisible plaids, indigo blue cheviots and black and blue clay
worsteds, all new patterns just brought out this season.
The twelve-and-a-half-dollar overcoats are box tan coverts in
several stylish shades, kerseys and other .suitable overcoat materials, each well
tailored in the stylish cuts of the season.
In addition to the union label these clothes bear our
I eargood
label, which is so well known to every one in this vicinity as a guarantee that
fully protects the customer. See the display of these goods in our .windows.
Boys' Sailor S\iits
Made of all-wool blue serge material in a new. w
and novel effect as regards the collar and general T^
make-up; ases $ to 10 years; collar trimmed with
uiack or white braid; pants lined throughout; price
See the suits and you will see that the price
A few of those youths' ulsters left in asjes from
Shirt Avaists,- ages r; to 12 years, worth 2 c;c, Vale
White unlaundered waists, ages 5 to 12 years, YjSM *jE;B
15c each or 2 for 25c. a JM H
Out-of-town orders filled — write us for 'whatever you want in .** iwwk
clothes, hats or furnishings for men or boys. .
718 Market Street.Choice Stationery.
Everything In the line of office and cor
respondence stationery,' fountain pens,
Koh-1-noor pencils, legal blanks, ¦ blank
books, typewriters* materials, diaries and
daily Journals for 4901, at the lowest pos
sible prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Mar- j
ket street. «
A boy 5 years of age. who says hi s nam«
is Frank Marquet, Is in the City Prison
In chars* of the matron and the.' Dollca
would like his friends to claim him. He»
says he came from San Jose Wednesday
morning with his sister Catherine and
lost her In the Mission. Sergeant Blank
found the boy wandering around and sent
him to the prison. He must have be
longed to some institution, aa on his coat
collar la the mark "2SX.".
Xiost Boy In Prison.
The German Ladies' Benevolent Society
met Wednesday In annual session. The re
ports of the officers showed the society to
be In a very flourishing condition. Dur
ing the yaor" 1300 families were assisted
and $3920 distributed. The society now ha3
$7957 38 In Its treasury. The officers elect
ed for the ensuing year were: President,
Mrs. Caroline Koster; vice president.
Mrs. Recensburger; treasurer. Mrs. L.
Plagemahn; directors, elected to- serve
two years— Mrs. F. Habenicht. Mrs. A. M.
Buck, Mrs. F. Fehlelsen. Mrs. H. Kreutz*.
mann. Mrs. P. D. Stadtmuller. Mrs. L.
Lebenbaum, Mrs. M. Esberg. Mrs. Hecht.
Mra. Is. Goeleg and Mrs. J. C. Meussdor?*
fer; advisory board— Otto Nuser. P.
Habenicht and Charles Simon.
Benevolent Society Meets.
Al Brown, 40; Mat. 200; Duces Tecum.
500; Prince of Victory. 50; Shallendale, 5»;
Merriman, 100; Monos, 40; Dick Burgess.
30; Handsqueeze, 200; Judge Oters. 200:
Prior, 300; Ampere. 25; George Balrd. 5'>:
Trelawney, 100; Gascar. 10O; Drlscoll. 23;
Tarsney, 60; Slap Dash, 50; Father Yorke.
50; Admonition, 40; Searcher, 40; Operator.
50; Longflo. 100; Xanthos. 100; Queen-a-
Day. 200; Dry Tortugas. 150; Cervera. 13rt;
Demurrer. 25: Birch Tree. 130: Sanno Zarro.
40; Monograph. 50; St. Dean. 150; Senator
Beverldge, 40; Young Henry. 130; Problem.
200: John Lafferty, 200; Harney. 50: Hisi
Eminence. 30; The Brave. 75; Amur, 50;
Bedner. 130; Androclus, 100; Dr. Preston.
"5; Yelp. 50; Bobs, 40; Garry Herrmann, 4;
Bob Baker, 200; Eover, 40; Adelante. 75;
Wager, 200; unnamed ch. c. Fon?o-Zize.
100; Dr. Grace. 200; Patroclus. 200; Ontelta.
50: John McGulrk. 50; Slmmonswald. 73;
Joe Frey, 15; Sllverdale, 8; Allard Scheck.
4; George W. Jenkln3. 13u; Lute9 Fonso.
200; Premus. 75; Peritus, 200; Senex Gloria.
100; The Puritan. 20; Prince Regent. 73:
Siddons. 200; The Commander. 25; King
Lelf and Mark Twain, doubtful.
LOUISVILLE. Jan. 2I.-The Turf Ex
change, one of the oldest and most re
liable future bookmakers In the busines?.
this afternoon posted odds for the Ken
tucky Derby, to be run May 4 at the new
Louisville Jockey Club grounds. Tni.*
practice had been abandoned In Louisville
for a number of years, but oAving to Inter
est taken in this particular race this year,
the book was prepared. The odds are as
follows:
Turf Exchange's Prices for the Big
ODDS FOB THE DERBY.
Pending this act, George Dufbrow of
the Standard Salt Company la said to
have gone to Salton with a force of men
and squatted upon the land hitherto
worked by the Liverpool company, with a
view of claiming It as soon as th«» Presi
dent has signed the saline bill. The Liv
erpool company Is said to have made
preparations for the defense of its prop
erty. It is feared th*re will be a collision
between the forces of the rival claimants,
and bloodshed is probable.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 24.— Serious trou
ble Is brewing between the Standard Salt
Company and rtie Liverpool Salt Com
pany. The plant of the latter Is situated
at Salton. on the Mojave desert, and it
was recently alleged that ita supply of
salt was being taken from Government
land, to which the company had no legal
title. A bill has just been passed by Con
gress extending the operation of the min
eral laws to saline lands and providing
the method by which they may be "patent
ed. The bill awaits the signature of the
President.
CLASH OF ARMED
MEN IS PROBABLE
Two Companies Striving for
Salt Mines on Mojave
Desert.
not know whether he had come home »r
not.
Attorney Tauszky, when seen at his of
fice, said: "I couldn't stand being called
a liar, so I struck Blakeman in the face.
He came back at me and I let him have
it again. : The next thins 1 knew he was
lying In front of 'me. together with the
stove. whicJf he had brought down in hia
fall. We called In a passin? Janitor and
told him the etove had fallen over, and ha
grinned. I was pretty well played out,
and Blakeman looked like an active
cnimney sweep. Blakeman then went to
the Receiving Hospital. He said I had
dislocated his shoulder, and I went to
Judge Hebbard's court, where I had a
case. I'd do the same thing again under
the same circumstances."
ATTORNEYS ENGAGED IN SET
TLING BILL OF EXCEPTIONS IN
JUDGE SEAWELL'S CHAMBERS.
Entries for To-Day.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Seven furlongs; maiden three
yeR.r-oian: purse.
1095 Impromptu ,...112 1688 Lucera W ,.1O7
1614 Alnder 1H- 1571 Tola F...109
1561 Thracia 107 1891 Cambaceres* ...112
1658 Cath. Bravo. ...107 1638 Kl Kara 10;^
Straight Shot. .119 1636 Wardman 112
1691 George Dewey.109
Second race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
puree.
1655 Snooze' ....' 103 .... Rosewar .......10S
1«R2 Torll.% ...103 16S5 Contestant 103
1662 Prestene 103 .... Flattered 10S
(16S5)Dr. Rcharff Ill .... Crussados Ill
1672 I^ady Bird 103 Charette Ul
1672 Earl W lftfi Knox . 10S
Third .race— One mile and a half; four-year
olds and upward; purse.
lfiSS Formero .11"), 1646 Rio Chico ......111
1679 Rapldo 102 1679 Vlncltor .... 115
(1651)Topmast 112 ; 16S3 Tom Calvert...lO2
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-old
fillies: -Vernal stakes., /
1664 Bab 110 16S4'BonnIe LJesak.110
(1695)MareRa 110 1385 Janice ..; 110
• 1493 Homage 110 1564 Luca ....". 105
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward: selling.
1659 Osmond 119 1530 Almoner 119
-1631 My Meddles'm.117 - 97!> Flora bird 119
1R?7 High Hoe 117 16K3 Hohenlohe 122
1671 Monrovia 117 16SS Our Lizzie ....117
1681 Maxello 119 16«7.Jo»ephlne B....117
1660 Wallensteln ...116 16S3 Necklace ...117
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
watd; purse. •
<1630}Gusto ...... .112 1546 Novla ..107
1D58 Raeetto .-... 104 18D9 Sybaris ..100
1691 Red Cherry 102 1693 Asian ...1. ...... 112
1656 Bogus Bill 104 (1690)Duckoy ........1US
1690 The Singer ....104 (1636) Theory m
1659 Urchin 109
Probable wrinners.
First race— Thrada, Tola, Lucera..
Second race— Dr. Scharff. Contestant, Lady
Bird. . ¦;¦¦'.¦
Third race— Vlncltor, Topmast,' Formero.
N Fourth race— Janice, Bonnie Lissak, Homage.
Fifth race— Josephine B, Lady Meddlesome,
Hohenlohe.
Sixth race — Asian, Theory,* Duckoy. •
Results at New Orleans.
NEW. ORLEANS, Jan. 24.— Results: '
One mile and 70 yards,' selling— Hood's Bri
gade won. Belle Sampson second, J. H. Barnes
third. Time, 1:484. Prince Real won. but was
disqualified for. fouling.
Seven furlongs, selling— Syncopated Sandy
won. Athara , second. Lamina third. Time
1:294. . '
One and an eighth miles, selling— Major
Manslr won, Pat Garret second.' Waterhousu
third. Time. 1:57. . .
• Seven furlonrs, handicap — Andes won sir
Fiorlan second, Charley O'Brien third. Time,
1:27%. , '
One mile, selling— Semnire won. 8corpolette
second. John Bull third. Time, 1:44.
8tx- furlonca, • selling— Fair Deceiver won
La.ureata second. Four Leaf C third. Time!
1:154* ¦ .'¦---* f v -
The Original Little Bencficencia Publica
V Company,o?.8an Francisco 1 Drawing '
.. Jannnry 24, 1001.
-No. 1006 wins $7500,5 sold In San Francieco. v
Cal.; No. 21804 wins $2500, sold in San Fran
cisco. Cal. : ' No. S8065 wins $1250, . sold in San
Francisco. Cal. ; Nob.- 41929. 66978; 59054, 60089
and 65565 each wins 3125. sold in Ban Francisco
and Sacramento, Cal. . i«
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
'TAJm)RAN^PARK ; THTOS^
I OOO. .FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; Belling: three-year-olds and up; purse. *400.
! PoT j ! ,¦ B»tttny
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Put St. H. - %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
(If73) Theory. 5 106 8 214 14 14 18 Bullman ..; » 4 7 7 5-2
1881 Ada N. 8 93 2 52h 82 22 22 J. Walsh 5 8 8 5-2
1657 Tuthill. 4 104 1 I 3n In 3 1 im T. Burns.... I 13-5 11-5 4-5
(162S) Aniou, 4 ...109 68 8 65 52 42 Mounce 7-2 7-2 7-2 6-5
(1689) Maggie Davis. 5.101 7 7 4 1-44 4ti il. Coburn 6 7 5 2
(1547) Pupil, 4 103 8 4 6h 51 «8«5 O'Connor ... 12 20 20 8
.... John Baker, a... 106 6 36776 7 7 12 Domtnlck 4 12 12 4
14C2 Monda. 5 103 4 6 7 18 S 8, Stuart 80 200 200 80
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16. :S2; 9-16. :56: '6»if. 1:24. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. D. A. Honlg's b. m. by imp. Esher-Morning Glory. Bullman on wln
' ner went wide where the going was best, and the mare fooled the mud calculators. Tut
hill was carried In and bumped all through the stretch by Ada N. Anjou looked to have
finished third.. Maggie Davis apparently better on a fast track. Pupil not very studious.
John Baker was sore. >--^' nn .
16O7. SECOND RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; four- year-olds and up; purse. 1400^
po I ¦ ,-¦ Betting — %
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(If79) Adv'ce Guard, 4..119 412 4 4-15 25 1H T.Burns.... 2*2 3-2 1-2
1<!2S Greenook, 4 104 11 11 1111 2 12 J. Miller.... 1 6-5 S-5 1-S
1F06 . Billy Moore. 4. ..101 2 52n 22 i 25 38" Burlingame .30 ' 60 50 10
lu60 Montanic, 4 106 3 6 6 6 6 4 10 CVConnor ... 4 5 5 6-5
1019 Periwig, a 121 5 3 5 100 4 H« < 2 5 12 J. Woods.... 100 500 SCO 100
.... St. KrlsUne. 5.. .119 64 32 5 75 51 6 GafTney .-... 60 800 500 100
Time— 1-16.' :07; 5-16, :34; 9-18, :47H; 11-16. 1:14V4; %. 1:27; 1 l-16m, 1:54. Good start except
Montanic. Won first three driving. Winner, Carruthers &. Shields" ch. c. by imp. Sreat
Tom-Nellie Van. Winner was carried very wide into the stretch by Greenock. Burns then
took up and came down the center of the track. Greenock might have won had Miller not
picked the hard footing. >lontanic bolted as barrler'was released. Scratched— St. Simon-
'
1 HUH. THIRD RACE— Seven furlong^: three-} ear-olds; purse. $400. '
: i po. » ~~ , Betting Z,
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. *i- H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1572 Silurian 107 5 4 3H2hln 13 O'Connor ... 3-5 "4-5 4-5 1-3
1681 Bernota 112 12 41 34 22 23 Jenkins 2 11-5 11-5 2-5
Ib67 Tony L.epping....H0 2|S 2 4 42 46 31 Mounce. 5 6 11-2 6-5
1444' Rio de Altar. ....110 3 1 13 1 14 3 4 4 12 Alexander.. 12 25 25 6
13C0 Rob Palmer ..107 4_ ( l> 5 1___L_ P*"" 1 """ • !<>?_ 300 200 75
Time— V». '•**: 'Vt- -"-51; %, 1:04;. ?*. 1:32. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. P. Dunne's br. K. by Belvtdere-VlrRle D. Altar went out like a 1 skyrocket,
but quit 'badly. Too heavy a cargo for Berr.ota to handle. Silurian always had the race
in .hand. •
1«>!»>. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
~~ : '¦ Po. ~ , Betting »
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1681 Boundlee, 4 ......103 4 5.5h4H 32 14 O'Connor... 6 15 12 4
(16S3) Astor. 6 107 32 2V4 2n 2n 22 T. Bums 2 14-5 5-J 1
1640- Sybaris. 6 104 1 3 3!i 3! In 34 Domlnick ... 4 4 4 8-5
(1613) Lomond, 4 ....;. .104 5 6 6 5466 44 Coburn g IJ 13 . B
1647 Jerid. 6 .107 2 4.12 1 14 4 4 54 Bullman .... '5-2 S ' 24-5
1658 Flatterer. 3 ...... S9 6 1 44 6 8 6 J. Daly g 8 8 * 2
Time— Vi. :25Vi: V». :43H: 1i. t:lTVt Good suirt. Won- first three driving. Winner. B.
Schrelber's br. R. by Boundless-Parolee. While not looking. at his best. Boundlee reversed
things by running and acting like a perfect gentleman.. Astor could not get to the front.
Sybaris quit when looking ltke a winner. JerW faded away. Flatterer certainly did make
a brilliant showing, and should be decorated for bravery. . Scratched— Amasa 104. Salvado
107. Compa^^. C^ll W Poyntz 9j. _^_ _^_ _^ _ ._ 'il _ . _ _•_-•'_¦
3 TOO. FIFTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse. 8330;
~" ~~ JPo. .. ' '¦ I, Betting — —^
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. U. 4.. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
-1670 Wyoming, a .....111 4 34 4 11 In O'Connor ... 10 15 13 2
"1675 Vulcain, .4 109 I 4 1 n - 1 1V& 2 1 -2 4 Coburn .:... 3 5-! 5-2 S-5
1579 Vesuvian. 4. ...... 103 2 2 3 2 3 2 3 3 ,3 4 Mounce..... 1-2 3-5 3-5 1-4
1640 The Fretter. 5....114 3 [ 1 2n^2h 4 4 Fallehy 20 20 U 8
Time- K; :27H: M.' -53M: K. 1:184: mile. 1:48%. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, J. G. Brown .& Co.'s b. g. by ' Pardee-Caprice. Wyoming received a magnificent ride.
Away poorly. Coburn on Vulcain saved half an acre at the first turn. Vesuvian did not
like the golng^Fretterraji^poo^ly^^^^
17O1. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling ; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Po. ¦ p Betting
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. 4. ,.K; Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1687 Florinel II. 4.i;.. 101 8 9. 5 4^42; ... 12 Mounce 10 10 . 12 3
1561 . Sad Sam. 1 2 86 9 2 11 14. ... 34 J.Walsh.... 1-8 M-5 6-a 1
1673 Esplrando, « ...-106 6 8 in 22 ... 34- Henry i • 8. 7-J 7-2 8-5
1151 Uarda. 6 i.108 8 1 44 5 4 ... 4 t >' Domlnick ... 6 7-7 5-2
<1655) Altura. 3 ........ 84 11 5 31 31. ... 52 J.Daly. « 7 7 6-2
1673 . Devereux, 4 101 4 8 8 2 - 6 1- ... 6 1 J. Miller.... 25 30 JO i<>
(1666) Dr. Boyle. 4 101 1 8 6 2 7 2, ... 72 Coburn « 10 4 J
1353 Barney F, 4 .101 5 7 71 ,8 5 ... 8« Stuart SO 75 «0 25
1654 Simon D, 6.....:. 105 7 4 9 10 9 3' ... ¦ 94- T. Bums 6 15 12 (
1659 • Klckumbob. 4 ...101 3 10 10 6 .10 8* ... 10 10 Fauntleroy 80 80 30 10
1505; Cantlnus, 3 .99 10 11 U 11 . ... ' 11 , R. Murphy..) 30 200 iqq iqq
Time— H. :24%: 4. =484: %. 1:16. Good start Won easily. Second and third driving, win
:ner.'. Q. - B. - Morris' ch. . gv, by. Fonso- La Belle III. Sad Sam probably a. bit short, after his
rest., EsplrandO: in deep, going. Altura weakly ridden. Dr. Boyle cut off on far turn.
¦while Coburn was trying to get through on the ralL Simon D a good one to ."copper."
Scratched-Mlstleton 107. <r : . , ¦ • •¦,.-¦¦•¦-. . ¦
Childs and Martin Matched.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— Frank Childs, the
colored heavy-weight champion, was to
day matched to meet "Denver Ed" Mar
tin In the preliminary to the Jeffries-
Ruhlln fight in Cincinnati February 15.
for the purpose of building a seawall along
the north end of the bay of Ban Francisco,
utilizing for such purpose the material con
venient at hand, tunneling through Telegraph
Hill, thus making «a convenient highway for
the moving of merchandise from the north end
wharves to the business parts of the city.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be eent to each member of the California Leg
islature at Pa<-ramento.
Japanese Tea.
The postponed Japanese test, which
was to have taken place on New Year's
day at the Sketch Club, will be given to-
Tbe Senate, u you are swarf, passed a bill
fit th» last session of Congress authorizing our
Government, under direction of the Secretary
of War. to construct a cable from California
to Honolulu. This bill, in my opinion, should
j««« Congr*** Immediately, and your good ax
fociatlon should wire our members of Con
gress. <Hspprlally Messrs. Ixmd. Kahn, Metcalf,
liarhaxn and Waters, r*que»tinsr them to ursre
th» paiwagp of the bilL I do not think the
prenent CnnrrMi" will give & subsidy to a cable
to the Philippine Islands.
President Ebarboro brought forth and
Invited discussion of the following reso
lutione, which were unanimously adopted:
"Whereas. There le an urgent necessity for
the increase of our shipping facilities In order
to accommodate the increasing commerce of
Fan Francisco, and
Wbwea*. The northern *nd of the Pan Fran-
Cisco harbor, with it* advantages of deep water
end protection from Morms, fhouM . be Im
mediately improved for the purposes above
mentioned, and ¦ ¦ ¦ • .
Whereas. The manufacturer* and producer*
of all part* of the State of California are
directly Interested in furnishing Increased , fa
cilities for our etoipplni?: therefore, be It
Resolved, That the Manufacturers" and Pro
ducers' Ateoclation of California most earnest
ly raqoect th* Legislature of the State to forth
with t*ke euch measures m may be r«qu*rtd
Action on Important matters xras taken
Bt the meeting of the board of directors
cf the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation held yesterday in the rooms of
the organization In the Mills building.
Resolutions were adopted relating to the
pure food bill which has been Introduced
In the Senate by Senator J. G. Tyrrell.
The president and secretary were In
structed to take necessary measures to
f ecure legislation at this session of Con
gress prohibiting the sale of goods made
by convict labor In this State, except In
the case of goods specifically sanctioned
by law. Jute bags coming under the last
named class.
A resolution wae adopted and ordered
meat to the California delegation In Con
press, urging upon the Secretary of the
Treasury that the officer In charge of the
Quarantine station at this port be in
structed to perform the duties of his office
in such manner that travelers may. enter
this port witbout being exposed to Insult.
XH-edless delay, hardship and anxiety.
Favorable progress was reported in the
matter of the proposed reciprocal confen
tion with Bolivia. A letter was read from
Hon. George H. Bridgman, Minister to
that countr> - , expressing his appreciation
of the activity of the association In in
stituting measures to secure . euch a
treaty.
A series of resolutions in respect to
the memory of the late A. L. Bryan, who
wa* a director of the organization, were
adopted and ordered sent to the family of
th«- deceased.
President McKinley. through his secre
tary, sent a letter of thanks for the cor
dial sentiments which the association had 1
expressed in the telegram sent to the chief
executive during the course of the ban
*juet tendered President Hays of the
Southern Pacific Company on January 18.
A letter was also received from Senator
Perkins relative to the need of cable con
nection with the Orient. In part Senator
Perkins saJd: •• .,
ers' Association Adopts
Resolutions.
Manufacturers' and Produc-
OLD Sol's refulgent rays were ob
scured for many mlnute6 yes
terday morning and the timid
residents of this city were cer
tain that the end of the world
w-as near. At 10:20 a. m. a fog bank, re-
Ir.forced by the fmoke seaward drifting
from the thousand and one factory chim
r.eys. floated over the city and threw a
mantle of darkness over It. This phe
nomenon, fo unusual to this section of
th<» country, created consternation in the
minds of everybody. People sought shel
ter, fearing that a tornado was approach
ing; merchants had their awnings raised
to throw more lieht on the subject, and
ir.any dispelled the (fathering gloom by
turning on electric lights.
The wise ones and the old residents de
fcated on the caus*\ of the sudden dark
ness. The former were certain that It was
caused by a flock of wild geese flying
ever the city, and the latter related how
way back ir. the days of gold they had ex
perienced an eclipse that could beat this
CONSIDERS MANY
NEEDS OF STATE
morrow afternoon in the pretty rooms of
the club at 1308 California street, from 3
to 5 o'clock. Tea will be served in Japan
ese fashion. There will be entertainment
a la Nippon and a charming programme
all around has been prepared for the in
vited euests.
Weather Prophet McAdie of the local
Weather Bureau gives an interesting ex
planation for the alleged phenomenon. In
an interview he said: ,
"The obscuration this morning was
caused by a sudden change of wind in
San Francisco. In the early hours of the
morning we had a fog that lasted until
about 10 o'clock. Then we had very light
surface southerly winds. The cloud of
smoke— the genuine article generated in
this city— blew westward and drifted out
to 6ea. There came a sudden bulging of
the pressure from the north and it was
felt frem Cape Mendoclno to Cape Blanco.
The pressure arose very rapidly and the
result was a very strong indraft, of air
from the north and also from the west.
The western wind brought In the fog, the
vanguard of the bank of fog that was out
side. This fog entrapped the smoke and
we got our own smoke back two or three
hours later. The darkness lasted fifteen
minutes during the transit of the fog and
smoke over the city. The people in the
Western Addition experienced the sur
prise at 10:20 a. m. and the downtown dis
tricts were compelled to turn on electric
lights at 10:40 a. m." *-
one all hollow. Some thought the mu
nicipality was going into mourning for
the death of the Queen. Othere were of
the opinion that the gas companies had
assumed control of the sun and turned
oft* the light for the purpose of advancing
the price of their stock.
The man who swore that he taw a flock
of quail or prairie chickens pass over the
high buildings went home and told his
wife that he was going on the trail of
the birds with a double-barreled shotgun.
Ship masters threw out extra lines and
took in sail and awaited the coming of a
heavy wind. The attaches of the Weather
Bureau were soon made aware that this
city contained, many curious people. For
two hours the telephone bell drowned the
din of the telegraph Instruments and the
wire was hot with inquiries for the cause
of the sudden gloom. A bright youth was
stationed at the phone and droned out
that it was nothing but fog and smoke.
Within five minutes the obscuration
passed and old Sol refuted the idfe slan
der that he had become the property of
corporations. He shone with .renewed
splendor and every one guv© a sigh of
relief.
A CALL CARTOONHST THROWS SOME LIGHT ON THE PHENOMENON THAT COVERED THE CITY IN A MAN
TLE OF DARKNESS. IDEAL HUNTING FROM THE DOME OF THE CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING AS
SEEN THROUGH SMOKE BY THE ARTIST.
Both attorneys are Interested in the
famous "house of myste'ry" Bell case.
Some time ago .Blakeman, who was act
ing as attorney for Mrs. Bell, moved for
a new trial of his client's -case against
Lucius Solomon, for whom Tauzsky was
attorney and who won his suit. The mo
tion for a new trial was denied, and
Blakeman's bill of exceptions was settled
During the course of the trial Blakeman
had taken an exception to a ruling of the
court admitting in evidence some impor
tant testimony offered by a witness, bur
in • preparing- his bill of exceptions had
omitted to . - note it. -Blakeman asked
Judge Seawell for permission to insert
it, but the court held that the proper
time for such a course had passed and
refused to allow the change in the record.
Yesterday morning the attorneys met in
the Judge's chambers to settle the bill of
exceptions. Judge Seawell's watchful eye
discerned the ostracized exception among
the others. Attorney Tauszky also told
the court of its presence, and Judge Sea
well asked Blakeman how he came to
take such unwarrantable action. Blake
man, explained that while the exception
had not been contained in the part of
p-r|-=aWO prominent attorneys of th's
I city fought a wild battle In* the
I chambers of . Superior* Judge Sea
11 - well yesterday morning. Attor
ney Tauszky and Attorney T. Z.
Blakeman were the gladiators. The.lat
ter received a dislocated shoulder and
Judge Seawell's .stove a dismembered
pipe. These were the most evident re
sults of the fracas,- though the pride in
the heart of the victor and the desire for
revenge which rankles in the same por
tion Of Blakeman's lanatomy will remain
long after"" stovepipe and shoulder are as
well as ever.
Judge Seawell. who until now had urged
the gladiators in commanding tones to
"please stop." helped Blakeman to his
feet/ while the victorious Tausxky witn
folded arms gazed on his vanquished foo.
the soot and the damaged stove. The two
enemies glared at each other for a mo •
ment. Blakeman's dignity was sadly ruf
fled by his experience and the soot which
covered him. Finally.- turning to the
Judge, he said he thought his shoulder,
was dislocated. Judge Seawell advised
him to go to the Receiving Hospital,
which he did. giving his name as A. L.
Johnson and the locality where he was
hurt as "City Hall." Ho was put In a
hack and driven to his residence. 1607
Gough street, where he denied himself to
all callers, his family claiming they did
Judge Seawell rose to Intercede, but be
fore he could utter a word Tauszky burst
out with. "No man living shall say I lie,"
and followed up his words with a vicious
right hook which caught Blakeman's
temple. Blakeman came baek with :<
solar plexus which proved abortive, and
while he wondered why Tauszky's mighty
right again got in Its work. Crash went
Blakeman on the redhot stove. The
force of his fall caused one of its sup
ports to give way. the stovepipe parted,
and amid a cloud of falling soot Blake
man went down to defeat. A smell of
burning broadcloth filled the chambers,
which by this time were filled wlth-smoka
and It was through . a miracle that the
redhot coals failed to set the carpet in a
blaze.
the original bill, yet it was contained in
another portion.
"Flimsy explanation," commented
Tauszky.
Blakeman appealed to the court, say-
Ing he did not think Tauszky's words fair.
Judge Seawell reprimanded Tauszky. and
Blakeman added, "If counsel says I of
fered a flimsy excuse I say he lied."
-While being walked on the inside track
at Ingleside yesterday morning Salvation
and Ostler Joe. both from the stable of
Billy Randall, became engaged in a fierce
equine duel. Salvation proved an adept
at kicking and biting and the black horse
retired from the engagement: looking like
a sieve.
Dick Havey ha.«v received the appoint
ment of starter from the Overland Rac
ing Association of Denver for the meeting
to be held at -that city iri June next. Dick
ij very popular with horsemen and riders
alike, and his splendid starting is sure
to score a hit In the Colorado metropolis.
It is more than probable the Californlan a
will use a recently invented gate, said to
be superior in every detail to any ma
chine now in use for dispatching horses.
The Winter handicap, with a gross val
uation of $6000, at one and a quarter miles,
will be decided at Tanforan to-morrow.
Louis Ezell has endeavored to get Sloan
to ride The Lady and Tod may accept.
The association will present the rider of
the winning horse with a pair of gold
spurs. The probable starters, with their
riders, as as follows: .
Vesuvian. 122 (Burns); Advance Guard, 121
(Henry): Eddie Jonee, 113 (Jenkins); Zoroaster,
118 <L. Rleff); Andrisa. 115 (Mounce); The
Lad>\ Ill (Sloan); Vulealn. 112 fCoburn); Vln
cltor, 109 (N. Turner): John Baker, 105 (Dom
inick); The Monk, 104 ( — — ); Montanic, IOC
(O'Connor); Grwnork. 101 (J. Miller); Scotch
Plaid, 103 (Buchanan); Rolling Boer. 102
( ); Autumn, 108 ( ). '
Track Notes.
The followers of Winnie O'Connor, the
New York rider, had nothing but money at
the conclusion of the racing at Tanforan
Park yesterday. Long shots in. the betting
practically swept everything before
them and Winnie contributed his share by
landing first at the wire on Boundlee,
quoted at 15, and also Wyoming, another
15 to 1 chance at one 3tng;e of the betting.
O'Connor had the honor as well of pilot-
Ing the only successful favorite in Pat
Dunne's Silurian. The other winners were
Theory, at 7 to 1. ridden by Bullman;
Advance Guard. 2 to 1, and Florinel, a 12
to 1 outsider, that scampered home with
Mounce up in the final event.
• As 'the track was otill heavy and slow
this fact, it. was thousht, so militated
against the chances of Theory that in the
betting on the opening sprint her price
went to 9 to 1. Tutluli. with Tommy
Burns up, was , considered the "real
thing," going to the post a 11 to 5 favorite.
The choice broke away first, but Theory
almost immediately went to the front and,
only galloping, won easily. Tuthill did
not seem at hi<* best, for Magrane's horse
lost the place to Ada N. Anjou came very
fast from behind and looked to have fin
ished third. '
And it was the condition of the track
that sent Greenock to the post favorite
over Advance Guard for the mile and a
sixteenth purse. In the morning the latter
horse breezed through the stretch in twen
ty-five seconds, which looked good enough,
and his odds were playea from a to 3 to 2.
For a time during the running it seemed
as if Greenock would score. Then J. Mil
ler made a sweeping turn into the stretch
and in a drive to the wire Burns got
Guard over the line first by half a length.
Montanic bolted with O'Connor as the
barrier was released, being practically
left.
Pat Dunne took the three-year-old run
at seven furlongs with Silurian. Only
moderately backed at 4 to &. the brown
gelding passed Rio de Altar at will and
was not extended to lead out Bernota by
three lengths.
One of the biggest plunges of the after
noon was made on Jerid, which was at
one time backed down to 3 to -2 favorit
ism, for the fourth number. Leading to
the stretch, the chestnut there blew up.
running back among the "also rans." By
some excellent ¦ saddle work O'Connor
forged to the front with Boundlee, down
ing Astor less than a length. Sybaris ran
into the show.
Vesuvian gave another demonstration of
his dislike* for a slow track In the mile
purse run. The Jennings entry had first
call in the betting at odds of 3 to 5. and,
always in trouble, finished thtrd. Coburn
made all the running with Vulcaln, only
to be collared near the paddock by Wy
oming and beaten a neck.
Sad Sam closed favorite for the last race
of the day, a six-furlong selling affair,
with a field of eleven going to the post.
Sam led until well into the stretch, when
he closed up like a jackknife. and Flori
nel, with Mounce In the saddle, finished
first by two lengths.
Silurian the Only "Winning Choice at
Tanforan — Vesuvian No Mud
Horse — Advance Guard
Beats Greenock.
O'CONNOR FIRST
ON LONG SHOTS
His Fine Efforts :on Wyom
ing and Boundles Ar§
Applauded.
ATTORNEYS BATTLE WHILE
SUPERIOR JUDGE REFEREES
Edmund Tauszky and T. Z. Blakeman Settle Legal Differ
ences With Fists in Judieial Chambers.
FOG AND BLOCKADED SMOKE
MINGLING OBSCURE THE SUN
City Thrown Into Darkness and Its Residents Are Alarmed
by Sudden but Temporary Gloom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
4
eo <•••• ©5
ceo ooqoco eo*
ooeo eoseeeeo -«•©«
6£GOO GOOOOOOdOO 0COO9
ooees* oeaeeeeoeeoo eo««ee
••••000 esaceeeooeooeQ eoeooos
odAeeooo eedoe®e**oooedQd eeaoeooo
O66OO9OGO •eoa«cd»0«oooe6OAO •«*<*«Qoa>9«
oeooooeooo e^feeoeoeaeeooaQoeeo ©o«*>®*«ff>©»
eGoo«dt6««e«o6#o«ee*0O6Qoa9oe0906&6eeeft6ee*9
t = |S
i oUlil/AI O WlL/Lso i
1 1 l-«
e©e* ©©••
S8SS CAREER OF "BONNY RltEY" %%%%
%%% [COUNTESS D'HENRIOT). '%%% '
SSS '—— SSS
SS LOVE MILITANT. aX&wvB. SI
• PROFESSOR LE BRUN OF ANTVERP COMES TO •
• CALIFORNIA TO DISCOVER THE SECRET OF LIFE. %
$ THE ECCENTRICITIES OF GENIUS. I
• . By MAJOR J. B POND. •
¦¦ • ¦ : : ~~ ¦ •'
• -MR. BOVSER'S TRIBULATIONS" tnd . •
© -THE WTOOV MAGOOGIN TALKS." O
• -¦¦•¦.¦ 1 ; • ... - o ¦
S SOME GHOSTS I HAVE SEEN. S
• ¦ By HUGH GRANT. •
• " : ii-H> i ¦,•
SS PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAN '^K': SS
S ;: , r g , . Ay A VISIT TO CH1NAT0VN( $ • .
• •• i
e«o ~ ¦•••
SIS HOW TO MAKE A $20 CORSET TOR $2.50. SSS
O6O . •••
2333 AND MANY STORIES CP GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. ••••
©«O0 i— __ -—«-----------____ Qea
tt©3a«O«O©©CGOO««®»OO©OO©OO(5©eO0©CO0«©OO«O»O»
: : : — — — 1 %
% THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THBIV1 ALL 8
¦• -- " • - • '¦¦ •¦- -""¦¦¦¦ '•-'¦ -¦• ISWOMAN BIGAMIST IS VICTIM
OF MADDENING REMORSE
Gun metal has been entirely discarded
for steel in the new type of - Italian - field
and mountain artillery.- of which' theflr3t
battery has just been delivered for use. • -
The Remarkably Fine Quality
now Imported ot G..H. MUILM'S EXTRA
DP.T is the talk of the town. 119,441 cases
in 1900, or 79,293 cases more than any other
brand, evidences the high appreciation
this wine enjoys. •
Philbrook Refuses to Answer.
Judge Daniels yesterday, sat as a com
missioner appointed by, Superior Judge
Seawell to take testimony; in the case
of H. W. Phllbrook, the attorney who has
sued Van R, Paterson for alleged slander.
Phllbrook was questioned by Justice Dan
iels, but refused to answer, wnen he wai
asked to name the witnesses in whose
presence the alleged defamatory expres
sions had been uttered by Judge Pater
son. The hearing therefore came to an
abrupt ending. . .
'In the notice of the annual meeting of
stockholders published in- the Dally
Commercial • News .' the signature of the
secretary was not affixed, by him or by
his authority. In fact, said meeting was
adjourned by the board of directors un •
til February 28.- 1901. A. J. Brander, sec
retary of Kimball Steamship Company. •
Kimball Steamship Company.
Photographic Salon.
The second "open evening", of the Pho
tographic Salon at the Marks | Hopkins
Institute of Art attracted the largest
crowd so far of the exhibition. Since the
beginning of the exhibition 2500 peonle
have visited the gallery, and of these' a
thousand attended last night to see the
prize-winners among the pictures and en
joy the good concert given under the di
rection of Henry Heyman.
INBIA1TA SAILS FROM
MANILA WITH MORE SICK
There Are Now En Route to This City
Vessels Carrying Twelve Hun
dred Convalescent Soldiers.
A cablegram was received at army
headquarters yesterday announcing the
departure from Manila on the 23d Inst. of
the transport Indiana with 457 sick and
seven insane soldiers. Within the next
three weeks' vessels carrying 1200 con
valescent soldiers will arrive at this port
The Sheridan, due to arrive here Feb
ruary 6, has on board, in addition to 267
sick BOldiers, 054 men and officers of the
Thirty-seventh Infantry.
Medical officers are preparing a list of
Hospital Cprps men who have not seen
foreign service. In order that measnres
may be taken to relieve those men at pres
ent in the islands. The list will also in
clude those of the Hospital Corps who
have seen foreign service, but are in crjod
health, and who. providing they have a
year or more to serve, will be returned
to Manila.
SDss Prances Nacke was the speaker
at the regular Thursday, evening- lecture
of the Social Democratic party, which
meets at the Academy of Sciences Hall.
Miss N'acke chose as her subject "So
cialism and Art." Her lecture was close
ly followed by the large audience.
Socialism and Art.
His Skull May Be Fractured.
A Bartholomie. a. machinist living at
740 Ellis street, attempted to Jump from
a moving car at the' corner of Eighteenth
and Dolores streets yesterday afternoon
and was thrown to the ground. He was
picked up. bleeding- from the nose and
ears and taken to the City and County
Hospital, where he was held, as it was
thought he may have sustained a frac
tured Ekull.
Colonel Hendy's Present.
Co'ontl S. J. Hrndy, who recently re
tired from the office of secretary of the
Union League Club, having served three
consecutive annual ttrms. was presented
•with a handsome silver s<>t yesterday by
the officers and members of the club. The
presentation speech was made by D. E.
ilcKlnlay. A dice box was the first
article that Mr. McKinlay took out of
the prize package, and for a moment the
retiring secretary thought the ceremony
had reached a flr.Ish. Further searching
brought forth the Filver service and de-
V.eht was added to the surprise of Colonel
Hendy.
A party of distinguished Kastemers ar
rived in this city yesterday afternoon
and the members are stopping at the Pal
ace. The visitors Include former United
States Senator William H. Armstrong,
who was also national Railroad Commis
sioner under President Arthur: ex-
Scnator A. K. McClure. editor of the
Philadelphia Times; Charles Du Pont, one
of the managers of the Wilmington Pow
der Works; H..C. Holden of Easton, Md.,
Mrs. W. H. Porter and maid and Miss
Annette Porter of Wilmington and Miss
Catherine Spencer and Miss Clifford New
bold of Philadelphia.
The party will spend two days in San
Francisco and from here will go to Mex
ico where the Wilmington Powder
Works in which Messrs. Armstrong, Mc-
Clure and Du Pont are largely interested,
has a big plant.
Mr. McClure has been editor of the
Philadelphia Times for twenty-six years.
He is the author of several well known
books dealing with historical events and
civil eovernment Included in his ¦writ
ing's is "Our Presidents and How We
Alake Them" and Lincoln and
Men of War Times." Since becoming
editor of the Times Mr. McClure has not
held public office, although prior to that
time he was an Assemblyman and Sena
tor. No editor can afford to hold a public
position", no matter how insignificant . It
may be, he says.
Mr. McClure had a kind word for Cali
fornia newspapers, which he considered
right abreast of' the- times. Speaking of
A Ibert Harmsworth's recent edition of the
New York World. Mr. McClure char
acterized the venture as the biggest fail
ure in journalism he had even seen.
"In my opinion it was a most dismal
failure, he said, "and if the World had
continued to publish along the lines
adopted by the English editor it would
have lost one-half of its circulation in two
is the Philadelphia editor's Initial
visit to the coast.- He think the California
scenery superb. Touching upon the
State's prosperity and its future, he said:
"California has always been looked upon
as one of the most prosperous States in
the Union. Its past Is one of progress
and success— its future seems to promise
even greater things. _
"The acquiring of the Philippines opens
up, a new channel for business. It is a
great: opportunity for you.* I believe
you are on , the threshold of the greatest
advancement in the history of your State.
An immense commercial field has been
opened and with your j. uperb equipment
the future is beyond estimation."
Editor McClure of Philadel
phia Times a Memher
of the Party.
PROMINENT MEN
FROM EAST HERE
LEGISLATURE TAKES UP
SAN QUENTIN SCANDAL
Committee Appointed to Assist
Prison Directors in Getting
at Bottom of Trouble.
The State Legislature is going to make
an attempt to get at the bottom of the
scandal connected with the management
of the State penitentiary at San Quentln.
The efforts of the Prison Directors to place
the responsibility for the wrongdoings of
AValden, the absconding clerk of the Jute
mills, upon the shoulders of those who
should carry the burden will have the as
sistance of the Legislative members ap
pointed to conduct an investigation on en
tirely new lines. Expert MacLaren, who
was appointed by the Prison Directors to
examine the prison books, says that ow
ing to the disapearance of the records
previous to 1S96 he is unable to make a
report showing how far the Jute mill has
been used as a source of profit to the
clique engaged in robbing the State The
Legislative Investigating committee has
power to summon witnesses, and among
those first subpenaed will be the officers
of the steamer Caroline. The steamer
plies between this city and the prison and
carries^ the output of the jute mills. The
officers will be asked to produce their
books and show just what freight has
been brought to this port. The shipping
receipts will be compared with the records
of the prison factory and in this way it
may be possible to obtain a side light on
the crookedness of Walden and his con
federates. It Is believed that the books
of the steamer may show the shipments
of goods that were never entered on the
prison books.
Director Daniel E. Hayes, who returned
yesterday from a business trip to the
southern part of the State, says that he
can hardly realize that 'Walden has
robbed the State. "To show you what
confidence I placed in him," said Hayes.
"I will Inform you that when I heard of
the death of Clerk Ellis I said that Wal
den was the man for the vacant place
During my nine years' service as a Prison
Director I became well acquainted with
Walden and, notwithstanding the fact
that I knew he was a convict before h©
was appointed to the place in the Jute
mill, I felt so certain that. he was honest
ly endeavoring to live down his past that
I would have trusted him with my life"
TO HONOR DEAD
HELP THE NEEDY
Rev. Mr. Lion Opposed to the
Expenditure of Money
for Tombstones.
The Episcopal convention of the dloce^
of California has been marked each day
by startling speeches from the clerical del
egates present, and yesterday was no ex
ception to the rule. The morning session
of the convention was devoted to the
reading of the report of the committee
on charity and a discussion of the same.
Rev. «E. J. Lion commented on the lack
of funds to carry out the wishes of tha
various bodies in charge of the charitlej,
and said in part:
"Building monuments to perpetuate the
memory of the departed helps no one save
the stonemason. Wo can better keep
alive the memory of the dead by helping
the living."
The report of the committee on chari
ties dealt with St. Luke's Hospital, the
Maria Kip Orphanage, the Armitage Or
phanage, the Old Ladies' Home and
otner institutions.
Major Hooper of the executive commit
tee in charge of St. Luke's Hospital re
ported that the new buildings would be
ready in about two years and that the
expense would be $50,000.
Bishop Nichols In speaking of the char
ity work of the church dwelt on the good
work done by the hospital and other in
stitutions.
A resolution proposed by Major Hooper
that the convention was enthusiastic over
the general convention to be held here
next October and that a telegram be sent
to the secretary of the general conven
tion that a warm welcome awaits the del
egates from the East when they come to
San Francisco was also adopted.
Considerable time was taken up in
electing clerical and lay delegates to trie
general convention to- be held in this city
in October.
Four ballots were taken before the final
result was announced, as follows:
Clerical delegates— Rev. P. W. Claiapett,
Rev. J. A. Emery. Rev. R. C B*oute and Rev.
Robert Ritchie.
Lty delegates— Messrs. A. N. Drown, Major
W. B. Hooper, Vincent Neale and W. A. M.
Van Bokkelen.
The alternate delegates elected w
as follows:
Rev. J. Bakewell, Rer. E. J. Lion, Rev. E.
L. Parsons, Rev. W. M. Rellly. Messrs. Fran
cis Hope, G. K. Butler, George H. Hooke. G.
11. KellcgB.
This closed the main business of th«
gathering and the convention adjourned
sine die.
In the evening: a united service was held
In Grace Church in the Interest of ths
Brotherhood of St. Andrew and ths
Daughters of the King. Bishop Nichols
conducted the service and paid a tribute
to the late Queen of England and com
mented on the fact lhat two notable
women had occupied the throne of Eng
land—Elizabeth and Victoria.
Mrs. Martin D. Wilson delivered an ad
dress on "The Ideal Life of a Daughter."
Dr. George S. Baker spoke on the
"Brotherhood of St. Andrew" and out
lined its mission.
Dr. Mary B. Fletcher addressed tho
congregation on "The Convention of the
King's Daughters" to be held next Oc
tober in San Francisco and told of the
efforts made at Eastern conventions to se
cure the gathering for this city. .
Ralph C. Daniels delivered a masterly
address on "L/oyalty" and by a careful
analysis showed that loyalty to the church
consisted of sympathy, support of . . tho
clergy and zealous inspiration.
This morning the Woman's Auxiliary
will hold its semi-annual meeting at St.
Paul's at 10 o'clock. Bishop Nichols will
preside.
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children was
notified of the case yesterday morning
and he consulted Lieutenant French
of the Salvation Army, who agreed to
take care of the self-confessed bigamist
till she was in a more settled frame of
mind. Yesterday afternoon she was
taken to the Rescue Home of the army in
Oakland. The police could not take any
action In detaining her as no complaint
had been made against her.
Judge de Haven Sjrsaks His
Mind to the Customs
Officials.
The big black cloud that overspread the
sky and darkened the city as with a solar
eclipse yesterday afternoon was an elec
tric arc light in comparison with the black
cloud of offended Justice that settled down
In the United States District Court room
at 10 o'clock when Judge de Haven took
his seat on the bench. He had Issued
three warrants of habeas corpus on the
previous day commanding W. H. Avery,
general agent of the Oriental Steamship
Company, to produce in court at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning the bodies of Lee Nln,
Dong Cliee and Lin Quai, whose attorneys
had alleged for them that they were be
ing unlawfully restrained of their liberty
by the company. The Chinamen were
.not present and Judge de Haven there
upon spoke his mind. He remarked in his
usual impressive manner that the pro
cesses of the court must be obeyed and
that persons setting them at naught
would be severely punished.
The court thereupon ordered the united
States Marshal to go to the steamship
company's dock ana arrest the Chinese
and bring them into court and to notify
Mr. Avery to appear at 11 o'clock and
show cause why he should not be pun
ished for contempt. Mr. Avery appeared
later and explained that the customs in
si>ectors having in charge the Chinese had
refused to let him take them away until
thp ir baggage had been searched for duti
able articles. Judge de Haven thereupon
said that no one, whether customs official
or otherwise, had a right to interfere with
the orders of the court and that if such a
practice were to be persisted In the offend
ers would be punished rigorously. Fin
ally, when the Chinese, who claim admis
sion to this country on the ground of be
ing native born Americans, were brought
Into court the examination of the case
was set for this morning at 9 o'clock.
had been recognized and that her crime
was known, she fled from Santa Cruz that
night and came to this city. Since then
she has been endeavoring to obtain a sit
uation here without success. A few days
ago while walking along Market street
she recognized the Sheriff of Madera
County and the thought flashed into her
mind that he had come here to arrest her
for bigamy. Then the thought of suicide
came Into her head and finally she gave
herself up to the police.
COURT'S ORDERS
MUST BE OBEYED
SELF-CONFESSED WOMAN BIGAMIST. FRENZIED BY THOUGHTS OF
HER CRIME, AS WAfi EUGENE ARAM BY THOSE OF HIS TERRIBLE
DEED. SHE SEEKS ARREST.
"Xed" Harris, who conducts a dothiruj
Btcre at CS Kearny fcireet, was the vic
tim of two clever crooks last night.
Harris" store is within the shadow of
the Hall of Justice, but this did not deter
the thieves from plying their vocation.
Shortly after 7 o'clock two men visited
Harris' place and after introducing them
selves as employes of the Southern Pa
c:f.c Company said thev were anxious to
buy two suits of clothes. One of the men
QaaSy selected a suit which he thought
¦was "just the thing:." as he expressed it.
"tt'hi'e he was trying on the clothes he
suddenly discovered that he had left hi<
jjocketbbok at home and, turning: to tlie
proprietor, requested mm to lay aside tl:.*
euit. saying- he would return in about an
hour and pay for it.
He and his companion then left tha
Ftore. A few minutes iater Harris dis
covered that twelve pairs of trousers wera
missir.p. Without waiting to put on his
hat Harris rushed to police headquarters.
brA reported his loss, giving a description
of the aileged thieves. Chief Sullivan at
r-r.c* detailed two of his men to find the
crooks, but beyond Itornins that after
leaving: the store the*- ran down Clay
•ireet they failed to set a trace of them.
Enter a Clothing Store and
Steal Twelve Pairs of
Trousers.
BOLD THIEVES
MAKE A HAUL
HAUNTED by the f>a.r that every
policeman eh« met knew that she
was a biETair.'st and wouM place
her under arrest. Mrs. Lizzie Let
wilder wer.t to the water front
TCX"ne<day momlns with the Intention of
throTrtr.g herself !r.to the bay. Then the
thought of her mother In Davenport
Io-*:a. and the eufterirps her suicide would
cause the old lady r-.ade her change her
mind. That night she went to the Seven
teenth-street Police Station and told Lleu
tera-* \rdereon of her fears, which, she
saUL' almost drove her insane. The lieu
tenant sent her to the City Prison till
eomethir.? could be £or.e in her case.
Mrs. Letw-ilder Is 25 years of age. She
eayE she was born in Davenport. Iowa,
•where her mother. Mrs. Quistorf, still re-
Bides. When she was IS years of age she
was" married at Muscatlne, Iowa, on
September 23, 1S33, to Cyrus Letwilder.
\ciio turned out to be a. drunkard, and six
cooths after the marriage she left him
end came to this State, finally locating in
Berneda, Madera County, where she got
empioyment with a family named Brown.
6he did not correspond with her family
end vas looked upon as a single •woman.
Four years ago she met Jerry O'Meara, a
email farmer, near Berneda, and after a
courtship of six months they were mar
ried, she says.
Mrs. Letv.ilder lived happily with
O'Mcara for a time and then the thought
that she was not legally his wife began to
prey upon her mind and eix months ago
Fh«" lett him and went to Santa Cruz,
•where ehe obtained employment. Two
weeks ago she passed a friend from Ber
reda on the street, and. fearing 1 that she
Mayor Phelan says "the Civil Service
Commissioners have labored hard and con
scientiously, with the single purpose of
establishing, the merit system under the
new charter." Nevertheless the Mayor's
Board of Health has seen fit to discharge
the present staff of physicians, under
whose regime the Receiving Hospital, in
stead of being a place of graft and tor
ture, has become a model of Its kind. The
new staff will meet this morning to re
ceive instructions, political and otherwise.
Without preliminary warning all the
physicians connected with the Emergency
Hospital except Dr, Bunnell, the chief
emergency surgeon, were dismissed by
resolution a few nights ago. Those who
have had business with the Receiving
Hospitals know that no better nor more
conscientious staff of physicians was ever
gathered in these places, either at the
harbor front or main hospital at the City
Hall.
Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi the night the de
capitating resolution went through the
Board of Health was appointed autopsy
physician, a tribute at least to his abil
ity. The other doctors, F. R, Dray, F. B.
Robinson, F. R. Starr and V. E. Putnam,
received their dismissals without the least
preliminary warning. As experience counts
In medicine as in all things, the "Lord"
Mayor's application of the merit system
for the benefit of the public service seem3
to have received a severe jolt.
Dr. Morrison is credited to Mayor Phe
lan. Dr. von der Lelth, who is credited to
Dr. Baum. had an experience one night at
the Harbor Hospital that demanded an
investigation. He was not for very long
afterward an attache of that hospital.
Dr. Armistead is credited to the influence
of Dr. Williamson. He has heretofore
done good work, and probably the merit
system was evokea in his aid.
The "Lord" Mayor's own medical col
lege will meet this morning at the
Receiving Hospital for instruction' in
their future duties, both political
and surgical. Dr. Bunnell will be the
dean, and mayhap the "Lord" Mayor will
grace the matriculating class with his
presence and deliver an address. Members
of the Board of Health are also expected
to unite in the love feast which will fol
low the conclusion of the exercises. The
collation may be served in the cellar ad
jacent to the hospital.
The class of 02 consists of six members
in advanced standing, selected it is alleged
for political merit service methods. Each
one has a distinctive pull and will con
tribute a feature to the morning's exer
cises.
"Roller Bandages" Is the topic asslgfned
to Dr. James Malaby. He will Illustrate
what Is known as the "military spinning
top," and a bolt of fine silk may be un
wound from his body, a la Custom-house
style. This feature is expected to be both
Instructive, amusing and interesting. Drs.
Armistead and Murphy are also down for
special features. Others on the "demerit
system" may be delivered by some of the
about to be retired physicians, the special
topic selected being "Why Does the Ax
Fall?"
This love feast Is scheduled for 11 a. m.,
and each of the matriculants Is ex
pected to be on hand promptly at the
appointed hour. The invitations contain
the mystic letters "P. B. R.," which In
surprise party ethics have a distinctive
meaning. Owing to the limited accommo
dations of the reception-rooms at the Re
ceiving Hospital and the necessity for
personal, private explanations, the public
has not been Invited to the symposium.
Dr. C. D. McGettieran, one of the six
emergency surgeons appointed by the
board under Its '-recent order, yesterday
tendered his resignation, giving as a rea
son that hl9 private practice required all
his time. This leaves one more place open.
Phelan's Favorites Will Be Told How
to Hold Jobs — Dr. McGettigan
Besigns, leaving Place
Symposium Will Be Held at
the Receiving Hospital
HEW PHYSICIANS
TO BE LINED OP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
Mrs. Lizzie Letwilder Surrenders Herself to the I Poliee,
Being Afraid of Self-Destruetion.
X
X
5
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallsl
on Application.
COAL. COKE A>D PIG IRON.
J C WII H Ci\ ** Batters Stp*«.
J-U- niL2U:l (5 l,y.. Telephone Mala ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^. ROYF^ H f ft ShlpplBR Butchers. 104
OILS.
L.UBRICATIXO OILS. LEONARD * 7LLI3.
4IS Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTI.NO.
F r HITfiHF^ printer.
I» W- lltUuCj, m Sansome »t- 9. r.
PRINTERS. BOOK. BINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. ,
23 First st. Saa Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c%r e PARTRIDGE "» %£?"*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. SEFSLaS
DIAMO>TD COAL MIN'INO CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal la tn*
market. Otr.ce an1 Yards — ICO Main street
DR. tTOHS WOO TEA AND HE3B 3AHITASICM,
761-768 CLAY 3TSEET.
* JF?»v San Francisco, Dec. U, 13C0.
3iii^ To all whom It may concern:
In DKtmber, 1839. I was taken
> ,e J elck with Black Typhoid Fever.
Lj 9 the most virulent type known to
i» JL medical science. I had hemor-
rhages, both nasal and intestl-
nal. eish* ol the latter occur-
*5Jy- c?V ! 5«V T\n^ Jn one day. Dr. Worn?
*&J9$ii!W Woo, the eminent Chinese phy-
¦Idaa was called, and with one dose of his
tea stopped tb« flow of blood, thereby saTlnn
my lire, as I had be«n given up by my white
physician, as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo 1 9
wonderful skill he saved my Uf« from this most
fatal of *H fevers. Although I was confined to
my b»d three months, was able to resume m7
vocation In six montlis from the Uma I went to
bed. and now I welsh 203 pounds, more than I
had ever attained previously. I would cheerful!?
recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one tn need
of a> flrst-clasj physician for any canse whatso-
ever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 313 Golden Oat*
ave.. San Francisco. Cat.
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DflSCOVE&Y
FOR THE
I BLOOD. tlVER.LLINGS.
T>T>TTOU17C r ° R BARBSRS « BAK-
IJliU^liilO *", bootblacks, bath-
********** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, nourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUC.iA.NA.>. BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Si
•* .^BPWki m CIS Oil* non-poisonotat
rsm^lj for GrscrrhTfa.
/e^PlnluSdmT./ia White*, unnatural du-
SSESf Ga»r»at«d M charijl . or any mflrffnma-
ifS»jf n»t u> iViawrf. tioa. I ritation or nlcen-
IW "yrnmn'T rnr'irtu t!on ,t mneoni mra-
nrTSTH'.EONSC-HEMXIlCO. b« aM - Xon-MtriMTOS.
C «. A- 55^ or rm t in plain wrapper,
5Sal^: t>#$i b^ «^p»«l pn"p»u. tot
>£$i«K ! &«W*5*Bl l'-W. or i bottle*. H7X
Advance in
Oil Stocks
The necessary machinery, derrick, tim-
bers and drilling tools of the Bella Vista
011 Syndicate are being placed In position,
and actual operations In San Ma-
teo County have commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this company will
be advanced to 25 cents a share not later
than February 1. and In all probability
much sooner, as several Iarse blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue,* and notice of this fact has
been sent to tlie stockholders, many of
whom are doubling: their holdings by the
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now is your last chance.
The offices of the company, room 7.
ground floor. Mills building. San Francis-
co. Cal., present a busy scene, giving In-
formation and prospectus to Intending
purchasers.
a WEAK BACK?
SMALL PARTS?
VARICOCELE?
HALF DEAD?
§i> CONSULT DR. SWEANY
and be converted into a sound, vigorous
MAN. Perfected mail treatment for
the positive cure of country patients.
Let traveling doctors alone. Address
737 Market Street, San Francisco.
Avisir OR- JORDAN'S o«at«
I80SE98 OF ANATOMY#
\ C? The Largest Anatomical Mummi m tb* \
M . ¦^ j^f^tm_ Wovtd. WejiknctsM cr any contracted m
" Sgp *i->!} di»cl»< pg%Itl»f ly grifJby the oldest Y
?} jgjjl specialist oa the Cotat, En. j5r«'*-
i Q&gvh CS.«R3AH-?fi!VATE DISEASES $
3 A aiwi Tnriwn! prrsonatly or by Itftlr. AM
\ P T M R '*>•••*" Coreia ocr; ux undertaken. \
a it- l II St> Wrilc ' ¦» brri - rBiLO<ioPHytfi
¦ 1 • 'l '»i6»n!*«, MAILXO FKEJL JAf
X A II ' - valuable book for turn) \
7 CU JWRDABI AC*.. 10olM»rltetat..&F. ¥
vt^^^y^v -^
j Chronic Constipation Cured.
The most important discovery of
I recent years is the positive remedy
; for . constipation. Cascarets Candy
; Cathartic. Cure guaranteed. Genu-
| ine tablets stamped C. C.'C. . Never
| sold in bulk. ' Druggists, ioc
ift 1 1 A 1 /^ Lftflln & Rand Waterproof
BBS 9QI\L a Smokeless Powder. In bulk
¦ hH I 111 »n«l loaded In shells. Seed
111 Mini I for catalosrup of sportln?
VVBlV (foods. GEO. W. SHKEVE.
730 Market street.
THE •RTVrPOBIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE EKPOBItrJO.
$ The big store has frequently advertised: " If you can buy elsewhere the J
i same quality of goods for less than we have charged vou bring ours back and get jJ
*£ your money." That referred to our regular prices. TT.e specials that we quote for to-day. are from 25 to 50 per cent
£» less than regular values. *<g
if 1 _ 3*
3 'Ladles' Rubbers. Waist Safe, Lase Curtains. $
jj« /C>v Another special Special Sale To-Day Only 0! Women's W« have picked up a little lot of 200 pain of '5
*£ A^^S^f^V . s *k to " "* a y $S.OO $7.50 and p3ce Curtains at an astonishingly low Jg
5 / v>i^\V\. ©nlyofth-te tin VllC nd P" ce » *»hm the quality of bcanry and pattrrns X
tt fv X/^SsJ >^ bcst 1 ualit y p, - is considered; thrse curtains ar- 3^ yards 5
tf i^O\ 50c Storm flannel Waists at fffxjSt Ion s anJ frorn 5° to 5 6 '^^ w ' iie ; x
J£- L^ ;^^*^\ Rubbers; $230. V^.* 5?» " are Tc new, choice heavy patterns; hotels, X
fg i. —^-^ madc °, n thc Fin= silk-trimmed French lodging- houses and howekeepeis will find *|
g • new coin tee Fanne'. and Silk Waifts -<s5^ these a posiu\e bargain at &4 *£& •**
a 'ast. We have about 600 pairs in this lot, that arc 's.ichty mussed, 0^/iW^7^ to-d*y 'a ti.e price; prr pair iff Bm&O X
|£ all sizes— and the special price **&*£$??& slightly soiled cr slight- J&dW&ij^. ¦ ?~^_ "2
X will be, per pair lv faded (but net really X
i „' — -, T ugl ? f u hnr:)> *" fWl/7/'/n Undermusiin 5
t Dress Goods. l0 " mth vr r:m T V •if 1 / ////>- •#««€?#*##«»«*## x
% (but mo- t'y heliotrcp-), \\ \ / '\V / ¦*/ BSrZ"2l733w •*
«>* Halt-price Dress Goods Remnant Sale waits that have oe=n KS^^KlJ —•* zm . . *
y for two days — Friday and Saturday. $ 5 00, and w!&$$jm j^^l Orn?r'? O0d «
tl Beginning this morning and until dosing time f 10.00; to e'ear them 7T/;VS«*f i/Tl/VV ihor'V-irts '%
Jf to-morrow night we offa 41 of our large col- out, specul price to- I \ i f \ with fine *
V lection of remnants of this reason's black and day <£^ ES fa ; "i} // J \ \\ X
I Colored Dress Go*s-wai 5 t, skirt and a lew only §2.5 0 // // j \ \\ ££££ em * j
S suit length?, which hare already been re- _; // f I :[ U flounce, rrg- {!
X duced in price, at cne-half th: marked Q« r J r .# £»'»##£>«•»•« A l / f % V " u F H « X
K p Hccs - <9§€irt r*anern&. jj> ! VvVi *****$**
j£ Ladies* Skirt Patterns, mads of fine twilled flan- /f&L^ Jj J^-z*&> special to-day 9,
f Men'S OverCOmS. nelettes, the bat makes in neat, trighc, rW^fttTf^i \ onl^ '• X
$ Choice of our entire stock of Men's Kersey and "^ C0 ' or ' U1^ gg nc / torder tanJ , « X> 1% f fl « % V ? '^S*» 5
k Covert C oth Overcoats to-day and Saturday Om ,' «»t.y «ab:«dered edge, . joc^i ** *" G S
& * . j. rr , - j.' • \i' to-dav's special sale price— each v V&k^ • ' • - i ->** <^ La-i--' «
«[» at one- quarUr off > egular prices. v\eare r r dfmSSG v^Vi-<^^^.A w ' \*.~\^ .j
2> seeing good silk-lined £$ *j -a AS mm***m h- av> MuJ _ x
»" Overcoats now for (VlfflAW Iin Skirts, with good embroidery on flounce, J
I „, , " ¦„ c . Taiior Dresses. r p SS t jr... J Z.. s .':. s .':S5c|
J Kien'S Suit Sale. $5.00 Instead o! $10.00, $15.00 and "?
*; Last TWO Bays. $20.00 ror Ladies' Tailor Dresses. • X
tf If you buy your new busnes? suit to-<fay or These are all last searon's tailor-made dresses* HOm MM Sir r^JiiSm jg
•£ Saturday in our Men's Clcthing Department but are good styes an! fine qualities, all-woo 1 Le-j than half price to-day for 753 do/en extra 5
J you will make a saving of a quarter or more tnd splendid y made, size3 36 to 42, light fi nc heavy quality Horn Hair Pins. They '2
jf on the price thereof. We are overstocked in and c*ark coors, tormeriy $10.00, $15.00 W ere made to sell at 15c a dozen, but as a X
S $12.50 and <i5-co Single and Doub'e and $20.00 — to-dav ft* S? 0^/fjj fern on each card are slightly impact the -J
J. Breasted Sack Suits, stylishly deiigned and and ta-morrvx only . m&xJ?BZft8JP manufacturer clcsrd tham out' to us at much v
V hand toilored,' made of all-wcol Cheviots, . fl „ . . $ . - IeJS j,^ pr i c -. eU anibeT hhk
Cassimerrs, Vicunas, Oxford and Cambridge *">'™ V*™* ° ! .?^* 50 ' 5I8 *°1 ™* on social sale Fridav cnlv ar, F er *^^ *
* mixtures, and to effect their fpe:dy clearance $20.00 lor LadlCS* New Tailor j^ ISJG S
H oficr them until cio.-ing time Saturday night — DreSSCS. \
£ per suit <&j7/T£ 7 &S All of this season's make, low and high collars -.— 771 _.. I §
J» <¥* * *^ - M ** and blouses, alt co'crs an! black, aU sii«, a MliK PitCherS* %
Jf '- 8plcndi r l0t and • thc b ?V a ° f Here's a Kg tnap b -J
J Sheet Musm. i CiT > formtl •^« S fi6^ o , iis.co »nd Ama . CM chka^gN^ _^ J
Itt^i^pi^p izz?%.-*. $t 0.00
J» per cop/ m€fG graceful shape, . 1 1 j^*- ) JJ X
t£ Genuine Geo^ K ia r Gi/l?™ "I X N^'ed tha GrOGSriCS LimSUOrS drancd, ha've a X
% Money," "Since Then There Has Been h .tinokdpoW Tl *~ %
t£ No Light About the Place," "I've f/iOPC Big Valur.S for Friday heavy -OpptedgoW )\" a -jJ '2
K Waited, Honey. Waited Long for Oniv. hand e and border, < ,, J
»t You." "Impecunious Davis." "An- _ , "' y , _ , __ with colored flower
\ WMSBiiM »"-« sss^jr-rr^r-JiI
- Back, I Won t Be Mean *o More. lo .i b sacks, remark 2 5 c-to^ay y.Wc would b= cheap at joc-we M ' ?
V **«...',* mf*>*~ M 2 Car 2 n !:* V Z r £*' CG "^ Or °sL them for Fridky ortv, each 259C X
X UrSen'S Wear. Spaghetti— S-U> box«, regularly s 5 c ' ' .«
|» . , — to-day fQ? X
H _ jvr . — . " ? Z f n Bakinn Powder — Emporium brand, 0% E.S ###»•*» »•'«• jfti^ «
f *GrZ ><f^V^»^v^ c« net saiisfdctory, x-lb tins-r-to-<Jay . . . . 3OC fl^j-i«- «-» •*
i : ?£?*-' or Pears-standard table nOSeM <?Ky^ '5
V |^*^^^^ fectsinour Iruiti— 2 tins for 25c Children'i ixi ribbed extra ff$VX:'\ S
, M&r Port or Sherry Good table q uaii- h eotton hotc /BSv^rl S
fc ,. .,,_., __ 3 t;es, our regular 7?c per gallon wme — to- ' J X
V quality) .on special sale Friday *pgZg% day ~ \ Y _ 5 q c — doubk knew, heels and «?.):''-V. : V *
g only— 2 tor &%f*M Ginger A f© — The " popular ' ' Lyttoa sole?; warranted fast black H^ J; -".\JS ' $
%' Men's Irish Linen Haesdker- Spr.ngs, regularly fi.oo per dozen— to-dav. . Md , n exceptional r«h»e >t BTt^ X
g ChteiS— Some 35 down le:t over from qq o f* II rTffi X
S the great quantity which we offered in a pre- MoBraver's Whiskey— The gen- " C * I ~ * ndajr W 1/ f %
*¦ %ious sale, will be disposed of to-day «J *9 g^ nine McBrayer BouiDon, rrgu arly Si. oo a cn'y, jizrs 6 to •flJW—g, JJ I \%
X (Friday) on:y— each B B lt> bottle— to-day 7So 9)4, t** f**-- *^** J ' " 5
f Soloists. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE pounds $ i.oo. j
I One Bottle Cures
I McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure
J To all patients who apply at The Owl Drug Co., 1128 Market
H .St., and Dahlbcnder Drug Co., 214 Kcarny St., will be Given
|j a Sample of His Remedy Free. But you must come
M TO-DAY, January 25th— ONB DAY ONLY.Gas Consumers' Association. 34» Post st.. re
duces gas bins from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work pronipt!y attended to •
New Santa Fe Train.
The new Santa Fe train known as th* Cali
fornia Limited affords aenrlce very nracn supe
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. •
A federal union of vegetarian societies
exists in London. London has a vegeta
rian hospital with twenty beds in connec
tion with it. -
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tht
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
629 Market street. Palace Hotel building 1 . •
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotpl."
DRAB CLOTH MANTLE.
The mantle represented is of bright
drab cloth, with larpe lapels extendirsr
to the bottom, and embroidered with
chenill*. It is bordered with stitched
pleats, and slightly hollowed at the waist
behind.
Thf season is now on ' at full ' tide. American
*md European :; plans. Best of "everything, ¦¦•¦In
cluding the character,. of ; entertainment. : Apply
4 New Montgomery et., city, for special ticket.
At Hotel Del Coronado
London financiers are trembling in dread of the col
lapse of several institutions which have been so reck
lessly overcapitalized that they threaten to crash at
any time. It might be wise for the apprehensive ones
to tremble less and set the'police on the track of the
thieves.
Reports are being, made daily that certain parts of
the city are in such a dangerously unsanitary condi
tion that death is coming to people forced by circum
stances to reside there. We will probably soon hear
that the Board of Health needs another appropriation
with which to refurni?h its headquarters more elabor
ately!. *
Her Mother (reprovingly)— Couldn't yon
have resisted when he kissed you?
Her Daughter (demurely)— I don't know.
He said he couldn't.— Puck.
Kind Pedestrian— Here's half a dollar,
my poor man. Instead of living this way
why don't you learn a trade?
Panhandler— I would, sir. If I knew of
a better one than this. — Judge.
"Men of . my prof ession are very good
story tellers," remarked the barber.
"Yes," assented the smarting sufferer in
the chair, "and they usually illustrate
their stories with cuts."— Tit-Bits.
"But I don't love you!" objected the
young. woman. "Then why," howled the
indignant youth, referring hastily to
divers memoranda in his pocket- dlarv,
"did you eat a total of sixty-uve pounds
of 60-cent candy. I, brought you during the
closing year of the nineteenth century,
if you didn't love'me?" '.'Because." she
said; with a rapt expression on her love
ly features, " 1 do love candy!" — Chicago
Tribune.
A CHANCE TO SMTLE.
THE UTILITY OF BOSS CROI<ER.
rRAMv MOSS, ?. citizen of New York, who has
been conspicuous in every reform movement in
that city for many a year past, recently told a
church meeting that Croker's personality is one oJ
the best things in the metropolis. By way of proving
the assertion he added: "Without one man standing
as the representative par excellence of every evil prin
ciple in public life we should never rise to the stan
dard of citizenship or be spurred to the height oi
patriotism which alone can bring about the highest
&ood in any community."'
It is always well to have in a community a cheerful
optimist like that — one who sees good in everything
£.nd can draw moral lessons from such a boss as
Croker as easily as the boss himself can draw tribute
from vice. Unfortunately there is such a thing as
being too optimistic, and this happens to be one of
the instances. So far as heard from Croker has not
yet spurred anybody in New York to the height of
patriotism, while he has led many to political degra
dation.
From evil men the Jesuits are evil. Even the indig
nation which Croker arouses in New York does not
materially benefit the city or even the persons who
feel it. It has led to forty different kinds of move
ments for reform, but it has not yet led to any actual
reform. The indignation vents itself in speeches at
mass-meetings, and there is the end of it. Meantime
the base influence and power of the man continue to
dominate the community and to corrupt its politics.
Boss Croker has his uses, of course, for he would
not be in power nor would he have acquired wealth
unless he had been useful to a considerable number of
people, but it has not been the kind of utility that
Mr. Moss deems it. The standard "of patriotism
which the boss has inculcated in New York is noth
ing to brag of. In fact, it is the standard which has
made New York a reproach to American local gov
ernment, and the sooner it can be set aside in favor
cf a better a*nd a higher standard the better it will
t>e for all.
Californlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— E. Korn Is at the Herald
Square; Mrs. Ayers Is at the Grand Union:
II. F. Dreyfus Is at the Continental; D. J.
Guggenheim is at the Holland; H. B.
Ladd is at the Continental; J. Marks Is
at the Herald Square. From Sacramento
—Mrs. E. Reaves is at the Everett; S. B.
Gregory is at the Continental. From Los
Angeles— L. S. Read is at the Astor.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24— The following
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Possibly the Venezuelans are wrong in trying to
oust the trust, but, the chances are they have at least
a showing of right. ' At any rate the contest is that
of one American company against another, so we are
bound to win whatever the result may be. In the
meantime it would net be a bad, thing for the Gov
ernment to make the affair so costly to all, concerned
that the capitalists of both corporations would con
clude^n the end that it would be better hereafte-.tc
use their money and their energies in exploiting the
resources of their own country instead of going
abroad for investments.
Of course our Government can be counted, on to
act with justice to all concerned, but in determining
what are the merits of the contending parties our
diplomatists will have to investigate the whole im
broglio, and in doing so they are apt to learn a
good deal about the way in which trusts carry on
business.
The asphalt controversy is a struggle between rival
corporations to get control of the rich asphalt de
posits of Venezuela and exploit them for" American
uses. It appears that in 1883 the Venezuelan Gov
ernment granted to s man named Hamilton a con
cession to export wood, spices, etc., from the state of
Bermudez, and also gave him a right to exploit the
asphalt deposits of the state. The concession was
transferred to the corporation now known as the
asphalt trust. Some time later the trust acquired a
concession which had been granted to a man named
Carner in 1888, which included title to a certain tract
of land containing several pitch lakes, near the town
cf Gariquien. In 1807 a corporation of Venezuelans
obtained from the Government certain mining rights
in the same district. That concession was transferred
to an American corporation, so that the trust found
an enterprising rival encroaching upon what it deemed
its monopoly. Recourse w;as had to the Venezuelan
courts and decision was given against the trust,
whereupon the trust determined to resist the Ven
ezuelan Government, and the result has been the
trouble which has led our Government to interfere.
OUT of the troubles over. the asphalt industry
in Venezuela we are not likely to get war,
notwithstanding we have three war vessels
there; neither are we likely to get glory whether we
have war or not, for Venezuela is not in our fighting
class, but we are likely to acquire something of wis
dom in dealing with trust problems.
VENEZUELA'S ASPHALT WAR.
the following manner: They are cleaned
with carbonate of ammonia, washed and
steeped in a solution of nitrate of Iron 7
degrees B., overnight, and are then rinsed
in water. They are Immersed in a bath in
which ha3 been boiled out equal parts of
logwood and quercitron, the immerson be
ing when the liquid 13 at "hand heat."
When black they are removed and washed
in warm water. After that three and one
half ounces of bicarbonate of potash are
dissolved In five quarts of hot water and
then seventeen ounces and a half of olive
oil are added and the whole shaken until
It forms an emulsion. The feathers are
then immersed in this at gentle heat. The
feathers are then drawn out, the surplus
moisture is pressed out • by drawing be
tween the ; thumb and . finger. They are
then/dried, over a stove, being gently
shaken the while. Skill and experience
are required for good work.
DYEING OSTRICH FEATHERS— D..
City.. Ostrich feathers are dyed black In
TO BECOME AN EXGINEBR-A. C,
City. A young man who desires to be
come a marine engineer should. In the
first place, secure a position as an oiler on
a steamer. Those In whose charge he
would be placed would be able to deter
m ,* n i h^? Ability and aptitude and then
advise him what books he should study.
The book stores will procure for him any
number of books on marine engineering.
OREGON LANDS-F. H.. Forestville.
Cal., and several others. This department
has no other Information relatjve to cer
tain lands in Eastern Oregon that are to
W opened to entry than that pub
lished in the news columns on January 12,
1301. For information in relation to these
lands communicate with the United States
Land Office at Lagrande, Union County, or
the one at Burns, Grant County, or the
General Land Office at Washington. D. C.
The Baldwin Theater was opened March
6. 1876. as Baldwin's Academy of Music
Tom Magulre, proprietor; A. J. Herne,
stage manager. The opening play was
"Richard III," with Barry Sullivan in the
title role and Louise Hawthorne as Queen
Elizabeth.
BALDWIN THEATER-R. F.. City.
MANKIND-J. S. G.. City. The lowest
type of mankind Is as much a human be
ing as the highest type.
BLANCHE BATES— J. P. O.. City.
Blanche Bates appeared In "Mme. Sans
Gene" in San Francisco from July 24 to
July 30, inclusive, 1S99.
MUSIC— Alameda, Cal. Any first class
music store can procure for you. the words
and music of the songs that were in vogue
at the mining camp of the Midwinter Fair
if the same are still In print.
"WHOSE— A. S.. City. "Whose" is the
possessive case of "who." used also in
stead of "of which" (referring to things);
consequently it would be proper to say
"the piano whose keys are ivory."
SOLDIERS' HOMES— S., Willows. Cal.
A man who served through the Spanish-
American war and the insurrection in the
Philippines is entitled to admission in
either of the soldiers' homes in California.
STRAGETICAL. Cupid, City. Strageti
cal is not to be_ found in the English dic
tionaries.' but tHere is strategetlcal, which
is the same as strategical, which pertains
to or is in the nature of strategy*, as "In
a strategetlcal manner."
CLOSE SEASON— G. P.. City. The
close^season for game In California Is as
follows: Doves, from February 15 to July
13; mountain quail and grouse, from Feb
ruary 15 to September 1: valley quail, wild
duck and rail, from March 1 to October 1;
male deer, from October 13 to July 15.
BIRTH OF A CHILD— Subscribtr, City.
If nafents see fit to send out cards to
their friends announcing the birth of a
child, and fix certain reception days, they
should entertain the friends who call the
same as a bride and groom would on send
ing out cards on their return from the
wedding trip.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A. J. Bowen, a Los Angeles office furni
ture manufacturer, is at the Grand.
B. F. Shepherd Jr. and Charles C.
Teagrue, Fresno oil men, are at the Grand.
Lieutenant Commander John F. Parker
of the United States navy is at the PU'
ace.
Dr. J. A. Crane, superintendent of th«
Agnews Asylum, Is registered at the Occi
dental. >' " V '"' :
G. W. Luce, general fi eight and passen
ger agent of the Southern Pacific at L03
Angeles, Is in town for a few days.
¦\V. - M. Lampton, assistant general
freight agent of the Denver and Rio
Grande at Denver, is at the Palace.
Charles F. Saylor of Pasadena, who is
connected with the Department of Agri
culture, is stopping at the Grand for a few
days.
H. R. Williams, general manager of the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
road, is in town. He is here with his fam
ily on pleasure.
T. M. Schumacher and D. W. Hitch
cock, freight and passenger agents of the
Union Pacific in this My, have appointed
George Lapg, formerly agent at Portland,
general agent of the Union Pacific linea
at Los Angeles. The appointment will
take effect February 1.
Dr. W. B. Lovett of Paradise. Butte
County. Is at the Occidental.
Louis Kahn, an Oakdale banker. Is at
the Lick.
L. D. Bendlxsen, ship builder of Eureka,
Is at the Grand.
Sheriff E. C. Ivins of San Luis Oblspo
Is at the Grand.
Mark R. Plalsted of the iresno Demo
crat Is at the California.
John Cuslck, a Slssons lumber mill man.
Is registered at the Grand. a,
PERSONAL MENTION.
It all means that he regards himself as a great
public necessity and is of the opinion that the coun
try will languish and fade away unless he is made
President. He is entirely unaware that the best in
fluences in his party are more than mildly disgusted
with him. The Chicago Chronicle, one of the ablest
party papers, declares that Bryan's ideas are reflected
only by the "hired men" around the committee head
quarters, who "profess great surprise that anybody
not a Populist or a tocialist should presume to in
timate that the present management of the Democratic
party can be improved upon. Of course if the ser
vants of the house are to direcf its management w»
may look for no change in its affairs.; The hired
men at Democratic headquarters of late have not been
Democrats, nor have they represented Democrats.
They have embraced alKthe isms, from Populism to
anarchism. They have come from the far West and
the far South. They have had as associates from the
North and East a few socialists and other dreamers
and schemers, but it is literally true that Northern
Democrats and Northern Democratic ideas have had
no place in 4 the headquarters of a party which finds
three-fourths of its voters in the, Northern States"
All that is true, and it explains Bryan's posing.
He has effected a party organization that exults and
When all other means fail he may visit the Sphinx
and the pyramids, and with pot and brush inscribe
himself there.
He announces now that he is going abroad to meet
President Kruger. The old gentleman is in a position
to be useful as a sandwich-man, and Bryan will not
let him escape.
He is the best advertiser of himself that has ap
peared in this country. He knows to a nicety just how
to use events as a curtain on which to display him
self. For this purpose he used the death of Victoria,
uttering some dull commonplaces and wiring them
to the country. We may expect to get his opinion
of the new King of England, for he really takes him
self seriously, and seems to think that people hold in
abeyance their formation of an opinion until they h'ear
from him.
His weekly paper has been in the press dispatches
and photographed on films and wet plates and dry,
in all its stages. If he went to the imposing stone. to
inspect the forms it was with an Associated Press
agent on one side and a photographer in front. If he
touched the sheep shank and mallet he let the world
know it, per wire. When his paper was put to p-ess
he tried to feed the white sheets of print, and p-e
scnted copies to all present, verified with his signa
ture. Nothing is wired about the contents of the
paper, which are probably of the same style as his
tiresome speeches, and it is evident that he values the
rewspaper project solely as a means of getting that
public notice which is necessary to his excessive
vanity.
ADVERTISING BRYAN.
:
I J HEN EVER Bryan has changed his vocation
\ A / or made a public appearance he has had in
y ¦ view the presence of the camera., His farming
operations were carried on before the lens, and when
he stood forth in all the brazen glory of a colonel's
uniform he bravely faced the man behind the camera.
It made no difference that he knew nothing about
farming, and nothing about regimental tactics, and
that he learned neither. The chance to pose was the
one thing desirable.
(~~* EXATOR YESi, who represents an inland
State where navigation is carried on in farm
* — wagons, has risen in his place to denounce the
oil! which :s intended to restore American maritime
supremacy.
Senator Vest is a great speechmaker. He is hardly
second to Bryan in that respect. But he producer
nothing hut speeches, and they do not swelfr our ex
port trade. The last great speech he made was in the
session of 1893, when he brought what his admirers
call his "rare powers*' to bear in denouncing Cleve
land, the gold standard 2nd sound money. In that he
(iramaticaily informed the administration that he and
it had reached "the parting of the ways.*' He pic
iured the *oe. starvation and national decay that would
follow adoption of the gold standard. It was a fine
speech, a great oratorical effort, but in warp and woof
it was folly, ignorance and nonsense.
The gold standard is adopted, and among its tz
sults are our control of the world's trade, our trans
formation from a debtor to a creditor nation and the
transfer of the world's clearing-house from Londot;
to N'cw York. All this has come to pass instead of
the national decav which Vest predicted. As a result
of controlling the world's trade we are compelled to
jn.y lo foreign ship-owners $160,000,000 a year in
ocean freights. If, by the expenditure of $40,000,000
in a lump, we can keep that $160,000,000 a year in our
own hands, to be fper.t for the profit of Americans
irstead of foreigner*, people who are not orators nor
Missouri statesmen will sr?y it is economy to spend
the $40,000,000.
But Vest differs. He is an orator and a manufac
turer of figure? of speech. He excels in sarcasm and
i<= a professional denouncer. But while he orates the
procession moves on, made up of the busy workers
of the country who have pushed it to the front among
The time may come when will no loncer
send to the benate two men who l:vc in small country
towns ar.d have no conception of the size of the na
tion and the magnitude of its business interests.
VEST ON ShIPS.
FASHION HINTS PROM PARIS.
No argument against the continuance of the Grand
Jury system has ever fully satisfied the American
people, because it has never yet been shown how the
duties expected of a Grand Jury could be better ful
filled. Accordingly the people have maintained the
system and hoped for the coming of better things.
It now appears the good times are coming. When
in New York, St. Louis, Baltimore and Richmond
grand juries can accomplish great movements toward
reform, it is not to be doubted that in other cities the
same good may be attained.
On this coast, so far as we remember, there have
never been any grave scandals affecting the personal
honor of grand juries; 'but, on the other hand,
grand juries have never been of any notable service in
exposing such wrongs and outrages as go on among
us. Chinatown stands as a continuous reminder of the
inefficiency of San Francisco grand juries; nor does
it stand alone. Time after time has a Grand Jury
gene out of office with afinal report asserting on the
part of the jurors a moral conviction of wrongdoing
among public officials, but without submitting a tru?
bill against anybody or revealing by its investigations
the full extent of the evils of which it complained.
Such reports are encouraging. It is not to be de
nied that the American people have been for a long
time skeptical of the u?es of grand juries, and in many
cases it is known they have been as great an evil
as any they were called upon to remedy. Last year
there was an elaborate discussion of the subject in
Pennsylvania brought about by a declaration from a
Judge of the Superior Court that grand juries are no
longer serviceable to American communities. During
the discussion evidence was submitted showing that
juries are frequently packed by political bosses and
used for the purpose of forcing violators of the law
tr. pay tribute to avoid indictment, and that some
times "even innocent parties have been threatened
into the payment of blackmail.
The pities in which these rare and wonderful tHings
have occurred are New York, St. Louis, Baltimore
and Richmond. In New York the jury has brought
to light the horrible nnstreatment of patients at Belle
vue Hospital and has made an investigation seem
ingly without fear or favor, so that a great wrong
in that city is in a fairway to be righted and the re
sponsible parties brought to punishment. In St.
Louis the jury has examined into charges against the
police force and it is said has revealed not only a
general system of corruption but the practice of
wholesale violations nf the election laws. In Balti
more, according to the Sun of that city, the last Grand
Jury "proved of invaluable service in pointing out
many abuses and suggesting remedies for existing
evils"; w'hile from Richmond comes the announce
ment that the city has been shaken from center to
circumference by Grand Jury disclosures.
EXTRAORDINARY GRAND JURIES.
WITH the new century there have come from
Several grand juries in the East reports that
may be truly called sensational. They have
been valuable reports. They have won the commen
dation of the public. They have actually acomplished
some good. Such, at any rate, are the statements that
come to us from the Eastern press, and, while state
ments from that source are not always accurate,
there will be in this case a general inclination to
accept them. A valuable Grand Jury rs something
this country has lacked for so long a time that the
show of as many as four of them at one season is too
attractive to be met with skepticism.
FRIDAY JANUARY 25, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
liiTtu All CcBBS&intiess U W. 6. LEAEE. Kt=a«r.
HmCKH'» OFFrCE .Tel * pb^ o> ¦ > e Prf««2M
I'IULICAT1O.\ OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone- Preti 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 *« «*t Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«« 202.
Oelt-r^rv'4 ?»••- rmrri ••»•¦. IK r~vtt» Ver TVeefc.
*ln«rl^ rapl'«. B 0>nt«.
Term* t>r Mnll. Inelndtnr Tontnget
TJAFLT CaUj tlnctaStriK Ponilay). ec# yearl S*.«
PAI1.T CALX, rtncladin* PundayJ. • month* t.m
DAILT CALL Csdodicr Furjay). * tooothm. ............ l.W
DAXLT CALL-Bj Bisrl* Mtct* ««
FfVDAT CALL. Or. 7>«r 1-M
WEEKLT CALL. O?j« Tear l-9»
AJ* poatwwtg'y nrf Knthnric^d to rff ©e*I ?•
«oh«crlpt1on«.
Eispi* eepfw will fc» fenrarded Then requested.
rartlcBl«r to rfv» beth NT-TW AND CLO ADDRESS In ord»T
te msim a prccct and crrrert remjllaaea with their reqceit.
UAKLAMJ OFFICE 1118 Broadnrtr
C. ORORGE KHOGSES*.
Etsiftr Fcr*:pB t,trtrlit'.z%. YtTtztV* Bsiliisg. Cfciup,
<Lceg f:j!»!!e» T»iT>j>uu» "'Centra.! 2tl1."\
KKW TORK CCKP.EPPONDKKT:
«~ C. CAIiLTO.V Herald Square
JCEW TORK REPRESKSTATIVE:
WEPHE5 It. SMITH 2u Tribune Balldtw
KITW TORK NEWS RTANT>8:
Wa^orT-Artori* Hotel; A. Ertntino, C Union Sqnmr*"
Mtsrrmr EX1 Hotel.
CHICAGO VEW6 FTAJfDS:
Et«m«a Hou»»: P. O. K>wi Co.: Great Northern Hot»l:
FY#=icnl Iii-.i«. AuiUtMicsi Hot**.
WASHIVCTOV 'D. C.\ OFF1CK I4A1 G *«„ 5. W.
MOUTON E. CRAVE. Correspondent.
ttR*«v«-rr ornrr.* — ~r ifr>ntr<-tr»TT. ~vr7t~r ~r ci«t. or*^
estfl t:« cVlorfc. 290 Hay»*. cpea cctll 1:18 o'clock. CB
JicAUist^r. cr*n until Ut o'clock. CIS Lsrkln. cpen an'l!
»:r^.c* clock. :*4t Mlsrioc. open until 10 o'clock. »tl M«rk»t.
Tner Elxre^ctii. rr-'i nntn • o'clock. IC9« Valeac'.m, oj>»a
PcttH t o'clock. !« E^erer.th. cp»n ostll 9 r/ clock. ?OV. cor
«** «"»«.' tl nujuud ard K^ctucky. e-xn oaUl » o'clock.
"Righteous Indignation."
Human nature Is zntzch the «arne East
or West, North or South. The lyncal.iz
of the negro Alexander, had It occurred
In Georgia, would call for rlrhteous Ia
disrnation from the press of Kansas. A*
It Is the press of Georgrla will probablv
teem with -cathlnir comment on the Sun
flower State's disgrace.— Kansas Uty
World.
Beward for Neutrality.
From Berlin comes a confirmation nf
the story lately told that Great Britain is
Soin? to turn Zanzibar over to Germany
as a reward for neutrality durtns tn-2
Transvaal war. Alons with the connrrna
tlon comes the furtaer statement that
England is going to throw In Penjba- an
other Island thirty miles north of
bar. -with 10.0OJ inhabitant*. Now. what
la England *oinp to eive Frajn~». Russia,
the United State? an.J all the other coun
tries as a reward for their neutrality ?-
Chicago Chronicle.
3ffay Suppress Bullfights.
The march of civilization seems to hav-j
reached Spain, fcr there is a strong movv
ment to abolish the national snort. tn<»
famous bullfluht. A mass-meeting ha.-*
been held In Barcelona. th«* home of sev
eral prominent matadors and the scene
of many a hard-fought battle, for the pur
pose or formulating a demand on thj
Government to puppres.i bcllagrht*. Promi
nent citizens addressed the meetlnr ar<l
expressed the hope thai this nations!
spectacle would aoon dtsaspear from tft
country forever.— Boston Post. '
White Mark for Rockefeller.
The Rockefeller wedding ceremony on
Thursday was simple, decorous and unoj
tentatious. as a weddlne should alwa> *
be. Mr. Rockefeller has been visited with
much censure In the public press and else
where because of his merciless dealinz*
with competitors and of alleged seer?:
dealings with rai'roads which have en
abled him to build up a colossal fortune.
However this may be. In his orlvate 111-?
Mr. Rockefeller has s?t an example- which
men with less wealth ar.d greater preten
sions would do well to imitate.— Chleag >
Tribune.
Progressive Tax on Bachelors.
A bill to Impose a tax of J5 a head on
bachelors is before the Michigan Lesrtsla
ture. "Wu Tins Fanp. the Chinese Minis
ter at Washington, is an ardent advocate
of this discourager of slngrle blessedness.
The other day he told DavSd B. Hill that
be ought to marry and that while he re
mained a bachelor h« should be made to
pay a good stiff tax for his freedom, ris
ing with age to a verv high rate. Mr.
Wu's plan of a progressive tax is the only
practical way to accomplish the result.
If the tax Is only S3 almost any bachelor
will pay it cheerfully rather than face the
bills for dry goods and baby carriages
which come In after the wedding. A tax
on bachelors, .however. If established,
should be accompanied by one on old
maids. In these days, when women ar
so very Independent, preferring "career"
to wlrehood and motherhood, they. too.
should pay for their freedom. If the man
is gander enough to remain single give
him a dose of tobasco: and if the woman
Is goo?e enough to do likewise why not
make her swallow the same sauce?— St.
Louis Post-IHspatcn.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
is in raptures when he is photographed milking a
cow or trying to feed a printing press. But sensible
men who are aware that minions of better men have
milked cows and fed presses are simply disgusted with
his advertising methods. But it is safe to say that the
"hired men" at headquarters will manage the next
convention, and that the great and peerless photo
graphed will be there and will be the nominee.
The Pacific Coast i? impatient at the delay. We
want a shorter water route in order that our ocean
facilities may be best utilized. Our exports are
needed to swell the foreign trade of the country, and
will increase with the better facility for their trans
portation. We have many forms of merchandise that
will not bear rail transportation, and are therefore of
but little value beyond their local use. With .the canal
completed our lumber and timber output will greativ
increase, because we can reach the lumber consuming
side of the continent with cheaper freights than can
be had by rail from the timber regions in the middle
of the continent. Our base ores, canned goods and
other great supplies that are germinated in our varied
resources will receive value by use of the canal, and
our people are impatient with the policy which, under
a pretense of patriotism,* is blocking the project in
the interest of its enemies.
If the treaty had been promptly ratified, as it should
hrve been, the canal bill would now be the law. and
work on the great project would be ready to begin.
The President and Secretary of State see this, and
the administration his pressed forward in good faith
io secure the speedy beginning and completion of the
canal. Their reward has been a tempest of lampoons,
in which they are represented as English lackeys and
servitors of royalty. By and by the people will see
that the canal project is impeded by this pseudo-
Americanism, which calls bad faith patriotism, and
then several politicians who are serving the enemies
of the canal and injuring the people will hear of some
thing to their disadvantage.
This country need not expect a speedy conclusion
in the British Cabinet upon the amended Hay-
Pauncefote .treaty. The amendments were the most
effective means that could have been used to delay
the canal. Direct opposition to the project, per se,
vould not have succeeded. The best way in which
to get this country to injure itself is by making the
politicians believe they are injuring some other coun
try. This method was adopted by the enemies of the
canal, and its success has been complete.
However, the change wrought in English affairs
by the death of Victoria will probably suffice to hold
the whole subject in tbeyance until the present Con
gress expires. The corning to power of a new sov
ereign implies changes in the British administration
that will delay all international matters indefiniteb'.
The new King and Lord Salisbury have never been
or. cordial terms, and the venerable Prime Minister
may choose to voluntarily retire, or Edward may
choose to suggest that he needs rest from official la
bors that have borne heavily upon him. .
The Democratic members of the Senate regard it
a? good policy to pr<-« abrogation. The better way
would be to consult Great Britain, the party of the
second part of the agreement, and endeavor to gei
her consent to a mutual cancellation of the treaty.
This would be an innocent and orderly process, con
sistent with honor and good faith, but it would not
be what Mr. Bryan regards as "good politics."'
THE C0NAL
THERE is but little prospect of canal legislation
by* this session of Congress. Under normal cir
cumstances it would have been surprising had
the British Cabinet acted upon the amended treaty in
time for Congress to proceed. If the amendments
are not accepted we would have to make a new treaty
or abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer convention. Making
a new treaty requires time, and there is a sense cf
honor that revolts at abrogating the old one, •which
was made at our instance. Of course nations can re
fuse to keep their word; they can do that which is
forbidden to individuals and can break promises and
keep bad faith instead of good. But it has not vet
teen agreed that they can do so and retain the re
spect of the world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 15)01.
St. Giles 5 , Cripplegate, Which Holds Mil
ton's Remains, Doomed to Be Razed.
BUILDING BOOM MENACES
A POET'S BURIAL PLACE
ST. GILES' CHURCH, in Crlpplegate. London, the burial place of John Mil
ton, the poet, is soon to be torn down to make room for modern buildings.
The church was built in 1030 by Alfunc, proctor of St. BarthoJomew*B. In
1392 it was almost entirely reconstructed It passed unharmed through the great
fire of 1666 and was threatened by fire In 1837. It is one of the oldest churches
In London.
South Carolina Is making progress In
the line of educating its rising: genera
tions. On the public school enrollments
In the State there are 125,235 white puplU
and 135,602 colored.
6
RECENT KANSAS LYNCHING.
Pastor of First African M E. Z'on Church
Commends The Call's Stand.
EDITOR CALL: I have read with great Interest the editorial In Sun
day's Call of the 20th inst. on Ihe grrave subject of lynching In .Kansas. I
have also considered the Import of th« language used, and I must confess,
sir, that It Is one of the fairest and best articles of Its kind that I have ever
read from the pen of any newspaper writer of the country; and I have read
quite a number of them, from both newspapers and magazines from all over
the country and also England. And therefore, on the part of my church and
the people at large In the city and State, I express to you their sentiments
of high appreciation for you and your paper and for the manly and digni
fied stand which you have taken In defense of my race and justice toward
them.
Xo Intelligent, honest, upright, cultured- negro, who maintains a high con
ception of morality and religion and intellectual refinement, would dare sup
port one of bis race in rape or any crime In violating the laws of any
land. I, with an untold number of my race, am willing to banish every rap
ist from the face of the globe, be> he black or white; but give him Justice
before the law. Give him a fair trial, and then If he cannot prove himself
innocent he must suffer the consequences of the law. Or render unto the
negro the thing that belongs to the negro and unto the white man the thing
that belongs to the white man: or. In other words, give every man equal justice
before the law. ,
And since your paper. The Call, demands It, yes, Justice to my race. Long
may your paper live to do much good as an evangelistic organ, advocating
the practice of exact justice to all American citizens alike. I am respectfully
your obedient servant, . ¦ T. BRO"W>»,
Pastor of First A. M. E. Zion Church.
San Francisco, January 23, 1901. • :
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
BABY WANTS
nothing but steady contin-
uous care with regular food
and sleep; he wants no variety
— nothing but rest and food,
good air, soft water, and gentle
friction.
His dainty pink skin re-
sponds with the glow of health.
When the least bit off, as
babies are occasionally, use
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver oil.
Well send yen a little to try, If yon Eke.
SCOTT & EOW2JE. m Pearl «tie*u \*w YorS.
ASTPSEJttENTS.
I Columbia— •'Way Down E2st."
Tivoli— -The Fencinc Matter."
•Vr.tra! Tbezt«-r— "Lwirkfcst Russia."
<alifcTnU-"IJecky Sharp."
( >t: h->urr.— Vaudeville.
Grand Otx>ra-hcu*<»— "The Moth and the Flacc.'!
Alhcir.Vira— "Th* Ftar BoanJer."
A!<-azar— "Fw^t Lav«-n<I»r."
Giyrrpia. rorr.er Mas^n ani EM-iy street*-Speria!t:<?s.
Chute*. Zoo an<5 Theater— Vau<Je<.'!!!e every afternoon and
•renJr£. r
Fl^We-VaudevlIl*.
Metrr>;#ol;tan Temple — Lecture by Rev. I»»ter C. Torke.
Thursday f-v«-nir.t. February 7.
Tar-foran I'erk— liaces to-<5ay.United States Coast and Oeodetle Survey-
Times and Heights of High . and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published " by ' official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the name at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 7 days from Coos
Bay. •
Schr Berwick, Brown. 13 days from CoquUle
Schr Gotoma. Setnsen, 7 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Lily. Bottger. 7 days from Umpqua.
Bchr John F Miller. Hanson, 13 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Gen Banning, Bennerwltz, 30 days from
Manzanlllo.
Schr Fortuna, Luberg, 7 days from Eureka.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 14 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 4 days from Iver-
Bens Landing. t
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 6 days from
Bowens Landing. ,
Schr Viklnir, Mortenson. 7 days from Coos
Schr Bansor. Turloff, 7 days from Port Had
lock.
Schr Ethel Zane, Holmstrom, 14 days from
Tacoma,
Schr Metha Nelson. Christenaen, 19 day*
from Kahulul.
Schr Challenger, Anderson. 10 days from Port
Blakeley, via Clallam Bay 7 days.
Schr Repeat, Oleen, 7 flays from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Bchr Marlon. Topfer, 10 days from Port
Hadlock.
Schr Halcyon. Mellln, 26 days from La Paz.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 24.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. . «
Stmr Sonoma. Van Oterendorp, Honolulu and
Sydney; J V> Spreckels & Bros Co.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer. Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong; W H Avery.
Br shlu Flintshire, Jones, Queenstown; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn XV. H I>lmond. Hanson, Honolulu; 3 D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen, Kahulul: Alex
ander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
- Thursday, January 24.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort' Bragg.
fStmr Samoa, Hlgglns, .
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, Seattle. - U:^
Stmr Oeo Loomis. Brld&ett. Ventura.
Stmr Sonoma, Von Oterendorp. Sydney.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen. San Pedro.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong.
Ship Bohemia. Whalman, Oyster Harbor.
Br BhlD Cromartyshlre. Reed. Queenstown.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen. Kahulul.
Schr La Gironde, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan *4. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 36 miles.
MISCELLANKOUS.
SEATTLE. Jan 24— Br ship Castle Rock.
from Hongkong, for Victoria, is reported off
Cape Beale. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS. N -
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 24— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from Hongkong-.
Arrived Jan 24— U S stmr Iowa, from Mazat
lan.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan It— Qer ship Alster
kamp, from San Diego.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 24— Btmr Robert Dol
lar, for Port Hadlock.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Pomona,
hence Jan 23: schr Allen A. from Honolulu;
schr J G Wall, hence Jan 20.
Balled Jan 24— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
CLALLAM— Passed in Jan 24— Br Btmr Aor
anifi, from Sydney, for Victoria.
CASPAR— Arrived . Jan 24— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Jan 23. t
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan 24— Bark Un
daunted, hence Jan 17, for Comox; ship Santa
Clara, hence Jan 13, for Oyster Harbor.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 1^-Bark Carrollton. for
Honolulu. Jan 24— Nor stmr Horda. for Tallen
Wan.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Jan 24— Bktn
Gardiner City, hence' Jan 13, for Seattle.
Balled Jan 24— Br stmr Glenfarg, for China.
Passed in Jan 24 — Jap stmr Toza Maru, from
China. s ¦
Sailed out Jan 24— BriK Courtney Ford, for
Sallna Crus.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWEERP— Arrived Jan 22— Br ship Craig
erne, hence Sept 1.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Roanoke,
hence Jan 9.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 23— Jap
stmr Idzuma Maru, from Tacoma.
Sailed Jan 5— Nor stmr Bereenhaus, for
Kobe.
TOCOPILLA— Sailed Jan 8— Br bark Wanlock.
for Port Townsend.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Lil
lebonne, from Grays Harbor. Jan 23— Schr
Philippine, from Grays Harbor.
NANAIMO— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr San Mateo,
for Port Los Ang-eles.
Arrived Jan 24— Br stmr Alffoa, henoe Jan 19.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed -Jan 23— Jao stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr L'Afjul
taine, for Havre; stmr Karlruhe, for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr N«derland.
from Philadelphia.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 24 — Stmr Menomlnee,
from New York. ¦
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Minneapolis, for New
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 24 — Stmr La Oascogne,
for New York. ¦ - v
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Teu
tonic for New York; stmr Belcenland, for
Philadelphia: both from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr West
ernland. from Antwerp, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 24— stmr Nomadic,
for New York. _ - '
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
as well as thirst for wider dominion
prompted this occupation of what In Eu
ropean eyes was a new continent. No one
nation was able to appropriate and secure
the whole. Each grasped what it could.
Nor were all the acquisitions of any sln
§le states contiguous to one another. They
otted the surface in seizures of various
dimensions. Thus the African map re
sembles a crazy quilt in its delineation o*
frontiers. Sometimes the boundary line
follows the course of stream or the bar
riers of mountains. More often, it is deter
mined by meridians and parallels of lat
itude, irrespective of the ground.
In this recent race for empire three na
tions . have led the van— Oreat Britain.
! France and Germany. None of them had
much to do with the circumnavigation and
investigation of Africa in the period of
great discoveries four centuries ago. Great
Britain and France, liKe Spain, were first
to devote their energies to reslons wea*
of the Atlantic Portugal, which found
the southern route to India, circled Africa
with its factories. Holland, escaping from
the tyranny of Spain, mads settlements
at the extreme south. Reminders of thes^
Portuguese conquests still exist In Angola
and Portuguese East Africa on opposite
sides of tha peninsula. All that Holland
possessed passed to Great Britain at th->
close of the Napoleonic wars and became
the nucleus of what is now the colony of
the Cape of Good Hopa. Finally th» Dutcn
colonists, called the Boers, detesting the
British yoke, trekked to the east. After
countless hardships and vicissitudes they
pressed Inland and founded tha two re
publics of the Orange Free State and the
Transvaal. The Ottoman empire in thi
reign of Selim the Ferocious conquered
Egypt and by that acquisition won for Its
Sultan the title and rank of v_alti>h. Un
der the Corsair Khalredden Pasha, better
known as Barbarossa, it subdued the
whole western coast of Africa In the oaya
of Francis I and Charles V. Broken up
Into various Barbary States those pet'.y
countries terrorized the Mediterranean
and acknowledged only nominal subjec
tion to the Sultan. Afterward France
completed what our own Commodore D«
catur had begun. She -humbled the Dey o!
Algiers and in 1S30 took permanent pos
session of his capital and country.
Yet even then, at a time so recent, de
sire for the acquisition of Africa hardiv
existed among the European states. Great
Britain Indeed wished to retain the colon-,*
of Sierra Leone, which had been founded,
like Liberia, as an asylum of emancipated
slaves. Also she jealously guarded the
Cape of Good Hope because of Its
strategic Importance. But In 1540 she for
mally withdrew from tha rising colony of
Natal. In 1354 the British— Parliament
voted the British colonists then resident in
the Orange Free State the sum of £43.000
aa Indemnity for the withdrawal of Brit
ish protection. It was then deemed expe
dient to avoid all lncumbering responsi
bilities in the heart of Africa.
To this temporary Indifference on the
part of Great Britain, and to this absten
tion on the part of France, the story of
the last thirty years presents a marvelous
contrast. Disunited Germany In 1S71 found
herself a consolidated nation on the proc
lamation of William I as German Emperor
at Versailles. She, who had counted little
in the political congress of the peoples,
now became a world power. She was
ardent to extend beyond the contracted
limits of her old boundaries. France, di
minished in area and enfeebled by a dis
astrous war, sought reparation and con*
solation anywhere for what she had lost.
Great Britain had mean time become as
eager for African territory as were the
French Chamber of Deputies and the Ger
man Kaiser.
It would be tedious to narrate the subse
quent steps in the partition of a continent.
Starting from Abyssinia as a base, France
has pushed toward the equator and
reached the Ivory coast of Upper Guinea.
Beginning from Lake Tchad, she has oc
cupied all the northern or right bank of
the Congo. Also between the German
province of Togoland and .the British ter
ritories on the Niger she has absorbed tha
kingdom of Dahomey, of execrable mem
cry. She deposed the Dey of Tunis and
annexed his territory, thereby Incurring:
the lasting resentment of Italy, who had
counted on Tunis as sure to fall to her.
Altogether France is acknowledged as su
preme over more than 2,900,000 square
miles In Africa. The German empire has
taken 1,000,000 square miles, comprised In
four great provinces— Togoland between
the right bank of the Niger and the Gulf
of Guinea; Kamerun. northeast of the
Gulf of Guinea and west of the French
Congo; German Southwest Africa, which
reaches from Portuguese Angola to tha
Orange River north of the colony of Good
Hope; German East Africa, south of Lake
Victoria Nyanza and north of the Portu
guese province on the channel of Mozam
bique. But Great Britain, in extent of ter
ritory, in importance of position and In
undeveloped resources, has absorbed for
herself the lion's share. The statement
that more than 3,000,OIX) square miles are
already British conveys little appreciation
of her relative paramountcy. The list of
her African colonies, protectorates and
dependencies serves rather to fatigue than
to enlighten. Between the Orange and
Limpopo rivers the still unconquered
Boers resist her domination, as their an
cestors three centuries ago contended
against the might of Spain. But she en
velops the mainland with her islands, con
trols almost every harbor and with a sin
gle break of only a few hundred miles
spans the prodigious area from the
mouth of the Nile to the Cape of Good
Hope.
In the very heart of Africa, Intersected
by the equator, is the Congo Free State
wedging Its way to the shore. It com
prises about 900,000 square miles" and is
subject to the King of Belgium. South of
the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden are
Italian Eritrea and Italian Somaliland,
wrested at a terrible price from Abyssinia
and more associated with disaster than
success. "We3t of the channel of Mozam
bique Is the French island of Madagascar
larger than France. Off the northwestern
coast are the Spanish Canaries and tha
Portuguese Madeiras and Cape Verdes.
No single word indicates the nature of
the dominion which the different states
assert. Egypt, owning the Ottoman Sul
tan as its nominal suzerain, Is as definite
ly British as India or Hongkong. Lower
Egypt Is denoted as held by "British oc
cupation." Upper Egypt Is under the "An
glo-Egyptian 'condominium.' " The Nila
above Fashoda Is a "British sphere of In
fluence," which five degrees from the
equator Is called a "British protectorate."
Despite international* conventions and
definition of frontiers, political and Indus
trial Africa Is still In a chaotic state. Its
future is an enigma like Its Sphinx.
EDWIN A. 4SROSVENOR.
Amherst College.
Moreover, prolific Durop« was over
crowded with population. New fields of
habitation were necessary for Its super
fluous life. The current of emigration had
set overwhelmingly across the Atlantic to
the United States. The emigrants were
thus I lost to their native country. Optn
up Africa and the pioneers and colonists
might then strengthen the forces and
Increase the wealth of the countries from
which they came. Sound statesmanship
Nor does It have primary reference to
the value of the land appropriated and to
Its capability of development or coloniza
tion. Each nation seeks to forestall the
others, so that In the contingencies of the
future It may be found in prior possession.
A greed or lust for acquisition was . a
main characteristic of European nations
during the last decades of the nineteenth
century. The glob* was growing small In
its capabilities of appeasing the spirit of
national expansion. Compared with the
rest of the world Africa was virgin soil.
And so the western powers resembled the
colonists who poured over the boundaries
of Oklahoma. Each obtained what It
could, not entirely because such posses
sion was desired, but to prevent any other
from obtaining it. The- barren Island, the
candy desert, the naked rock, were no
less eagerly seized upon and possessed
than the fertile plain or the bank of navi
crable rivers.
This "occupation" Is up to the present
day a thing denoted on the face of the
map rather than an accomplished fact.
It does not mean that the laws of the
foreign possessor are enforced, or that his
flag floats over all the territory to which
he has asserted pretensions. It Indicates
a measure in view of future action rather
than present enjoyment. It Is a declara
tion of what is hereafter to be done, rath
er than a doing of it to-day.
No census of the population ever has
been or could be taken. Any estimate
must be based upon conjecture, and is
entitled to no more credit than an Intelli
gent guess. These guesses range from
126,000.000 to 165.000.000 as the probable num
ber of the inhabitants. Morocco Is the
country nearest Europe, and has been
known slnte the time of the Romans. Of
its people it might be presumed we should
have definite information. But the Moor
ish Sultan. Mulal-Abd-el-Azlz, cannot tell
whether 2,750,000 or 9,400,000 human beings
are subject to his scepter. Thus much
do the best authorities differ as to the
population of this one little state. The
Abyssinian Menelek II rules over from 3,
000,000 to 6.000,000 souls. In Liberia it i»
supposed there are between 1,000,000 and
2.OUO.0O0, and in the unconquered part of
the Sahara probably l.OOO.OoO more. Thus
in these four states, or districts. Includ
ing altogether less than 1,000,000 square
miles ofterritory. there are from 8,000,000
to 17.000,000 persons. All the rest of the
African continent, about 10.000,000 square
miles, is claimed as their territorial prop
erty by the European states. All the rest
of the African people-from 115,000,000 to
150,000,000— are asserted by those, states to
bo their tributaries and vassals. These
statistics of dimensions and numbers
might be dull, were it not that they dem
onstrate as nothing can the resistless ar
rogance and self-assertlveness of Euro
pean brawn and brain.
This foreign domination or appropria
tion of Africa is commonly Indicated by
the term ".occupation." A foreign state
puts forth a claim to certain territory.
This claim Is acknowledged by other
foreign states or by that foreign state
which has an adjacent claim. The wishes
of the inhabitant3 are not consulted m
the matter. They are not supposed to
enjoy and do not exercise any influence
in the decision which profoundly affects
themselves and their property. In the
vast majority of cases they do not know
that they have passed from a condition
of savage independence Into subjection to
some sovereign or nation, of which maybe
they have never heard. But the claim
once recognized in Europe at a conference
called a convention, the map Is adjusted
to indicate the new supremacy. The sov
ereignty over the native becomes trans
ferred. If on Bome future day he resists
a representative of his self-appointed rul
er, he is regarded and probably treated as
a rebel. He cannot appeal to Internation
al law, whclh knowB him not. He has no
hope except in the humanity and gener
osity of his master. In other words, the
same principle and practice have been ap
plied In our day to Africa which In the
sixteenth century were applied by the
European states to the newly discovered
Western hemisphere.
The lahd In America was regarded as
destitute of Inhabitants, or, at most, lived
upon by Inhabitants who had no political
and almost no other lights. Treaties with
the natives were in general only addition
al precautions for the defense of the new
comer. Some nations were less Inhuman
than others, but the process of convert-
Ing the "unoccupied" into the "occupied"
was everywhere the same. The Justice
or Injustice of the process has never
changed. If It was wrong when, at the
end of the middle ages, undreamed-of re
gions were revealed to the wonder of
Europe, it is wrong now. It was no more
and no less right then than it is now.
But let one glance at the political map
of Africa. At the extreme northwest Is
the Mussulman kingdom of Morocco,
whence In the eighth century the Moors
poured Into Spain. At the extreme east,
cut off from the sea and shut up In its
mountains, la the Christian kingdom of
Abyssinia. At the southern extremity of
the great western bulge la the petty re
public cf Liberia, founded early In the
nineteenth century by American philan
thropists as a home for freed or recap
tured slaves, and enjoying still the pro
tection of the United States. In the vague
Sahara, south of the Turkish province of
Tripoli and northeast of Lake Tchad. Is
a sandy tract left to the unconquered Be
douin. Save these four regions of Insig
nificant extent— Morocco, Abyssinia, Li
beria and a part of the Sahara — the whole
expanse of the map is marked over 'with
the names of those European powers
which assume to be the proprietors, the
real though distant landlords of this con
tinental estate. Except in those four re
gions nothing is left as the political pos
seeajon of the African, to be administered
In some primitive fashion by himself. He
has thus become the subject of the Euro
pean. The European continent impends
over the African continent as its master.
The area o« Africa is 11.514.000 square
miles. Hence, with the exception of Asia,
it is the largest of the continents, and
occupies more than a fifth of the entire
land surface of the globe. Europe is small
in comparison, being less than a third as
large.
Second Lesson in the War Geography
of the Africa of the New
Century.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
For quality variety and price see onr
trunks, valises, traveling bags, dress suit
cases, belts, pocketbooks, purses billbooks
and letter cases. Your name In sold letters
tree of charge. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Trunks and Valisss.
Xo extra chars* <> made for riding en tfc*
California Limited of the Santa Fa. although
th* superiority ot the ienrlce la really worm
something more. *
California Limited.
la the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrqgrraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 24, 1901.
< The time ball on tha tower of the now Ferry
buildlnr was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
!.-«., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charre-
Overdues Are Arriving.
At sunset last night there was a big
overdue fleet of coasters outside. Among
them were the schooners Metha Nelson,
Ethel Zane, Challenger, Marlon. Viking
and Bangor. ships Glory of the Seas and
Sintram and*bark Mauna Ala. The Ital
ian ship Salvatore Clampi.was also in the
offlng.
The schooner Bender Brothers, over
There were some narrow escapes on the
bay yesterday. About 4 a. m. the fog be
gan to roll In and three hours later , it
was "thick enough to cut," as the boat
men say. The tug Sea King was on her
way to sea with the ship Cromartyshire,
when along came the tank steamer
George Loomis. But tug and steamer
were blowing their whistles, but there was
a misunderstanding somewhere and the
Loomis crashed Into the Sea King. The
latter lost part of her rail, but was not
seriously damaged, and went to sea with
her tow. - The Loomis was not hurt to
any extent and she also continued on her
way to Ventura.
Smuggled Goods Seized on the Hero.
Eighty-three packages containing Jap
anese and Chinese cunoa were seized yes
terday on the ship Hero by Customs In
spectors as smuggled soods. The Hero
arrived recently from the . Orient.
Together in Fog on Bay.
Sea King and George Loomis Come
VESSELS IN COLLISION.
For Shanghai — F. A. Botsch. !
For Hongkong— Leon Brock, Mrs. Leon
Brock. W. H. Mitchell, A. J. Barron, Mrs.
S. P. Lawrence, Haldennan O'Connor, Mra.
H^lderman O'Connor, W. A. Plemondon, Miss
L. L. Melllns, G. H. Rlttner, Mrs. A. Clay.
Miss Frances H. Gray, Albert H. Sllebitz.
Among those on the Hongkong Maru
are eighteen engineers connected with the
Oriental Consolidated Mining Company.
They are going to Korea to operate some
mines and mining plants there. Harry R.
Bostwick and his bride are also en route
to Korea.
As usual, the bridal chamber of the
Hongkong Maru was occupied. On this
occasion A. R. Manlce and bride from Ne
vada secured the room at the last moment
and sailed on the steamship.
For Honolulu— Miss Alexander, A. H. Bach
elder, Mrs. C. D. Badgley, H. P. Baldwin and
wife. Mrs. O. I>. Bancroft,. Mrs. U. A. Bortb
wlck, K.I Brown and -wife, K. B. Bull. Mrs.
L. H. Burns, S. B. Cannell and wife, Mrs. R.
Catton and two children, G. R. Carter and
wife. Miss Catton, Dr. E. 3. Chapman and
wife. C. D. Chase. L. Chase. W. O. Cooke and
wife. L. R. Crawford, Mrs. W. E. Davis, C. S.
Desky, James Doyle and wife, C. B. Dyke and
wife and maid, George E. Fletcher, John Gait
and wife. Miss G. Gait, C. A. Glover, W. J.
Halloran, Miss Halloran. Dr. Jesse Hawes and
wife, S. Henery and wife, Theodore Holz
hausen and wife, F. L. Hoogs and wife and
child, H. Jacobs, Miss H. E. James, Miss B.
Johnson, E. Kennelly. H. Ktmball and wife,
J. M. Levy, F. M. Lewis, J. P. McCoy, A.
McNally, Miss H. Meade, Mrs. E. Mutr, Miss
Mulr, Miss E. N'effe, Henry Newell artd wife,
W. H. Newell. Joseph Niessen, Miss C.' Pal
eckl, J. II. Payne, Ed Petchouz, Miss L.
Pitkin, \V. E. Ransome, R. C. Rawlings, Dr.
F. J. Rayner and -wife, Mrs. B. Rhodes, A. W.
Rice, Miss H. T. Rice, B. W. Ripley and
wife. Miss M. B. Simonds, F. M. Smith, C. F.
Solomon. J. C. Spencer and wife; J. B. Stet
son, .wife, child and maid; E. F. Sweeney,
Miss L. A. Tlsdale, E. A. von Armln, Charles
Wall. C. B. Welmer, Miss Dr. Wells, J. M.
Whlted, A. W. Wilson and wife, O. H. Win
ston and Dr, B. F. Sandow and wife.
For Pago Pago— Hon. Gilbert Rollo.
For Auckland — A. R. Craddock, R. Forbes,
wife and child, and A. P. Williams and wife.
For Sydney— Mrs. F. Bell, D. J.. D. Bevan,
L. R. O. Bevan, Miss R. A. Buisson, P. Car
ter and wife, F. H. Cherry. John Derrig, Mrs.
F. W. Forster, P. F. Gibbon, H. S. Godfrey.
J. D. Gougrar and wife, K. T. Hughes and
wife, L.. Knight, P. Lamb and wife, V. J.
Martin, R. G. Miller, H. B. Moore. H. B.
Morley, C. E. Muggerldge and wife, E. Setzke,
F. Boues. Mrs. C. E3. Stokes; C. M. Tolman,
wife and two children; L. C. Trent and wife,
G. Trent. M. Trent, W. Trent, Miss Trent.
Miss F. Trent, Miss H, Trent, Miss Inez V.
Trent, Miss Leila Trent and Arthur West
and wife.
To Join at Honolulu for Auckland — E. 8.
Grogan and wife and E. J. Watt.
To Join at Honolulu for Sydney— D. W,
Dcnsifc and Charles Schleslnger.
The following named went away on the
Hongkong Maru:
For Yokohama— A. R. Manlce, Mrs. A. R.
Manlce. H. R. Bostwick, Mrs. H. R, Boet
wlck, Mr. Matsumato, Iida Sohlnchl. Frederick
Taylor, Mrs. Taylor, Captain T. Kltakoga, Mr.
Klnoshita. l
For Kobe— S. Matsumoto, J. C. Bockman, M,
Daniels, E. Grant, J. Lower, B, L. Stoner K.
Wymkoop. F. Hunt. J. F. Bowlby, F. Deal,
C. W. Hess, R. Oliver, L. Waugh, C Ander
son P. Clapham, A. E. Deardorf, W. La Joy
T. Shephard, C. Wood ford.
For Nagasaki — A. Botsleman.
THE officers of the ToyO KIsen
Kaisha steamship Hongkong- Maru
asserted at noon yesterday that
she was not going to make any
thing but her usual time to Hono
lulu. She went out under easy steam, but
when last seen by the Merchants' Ex
change lookout at Point Lobos there was
a line of smoke a quarter of a mile long
behind her. -The Hongkong- Maru Is go
iriK to make time to Honolulu.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's new
mall boat Sonoma left port Just 2 hours 3
minutes behind the Hongkong Maru. The
former made a record run from Philadel
phia to San Francisco, but then she is
brand new and it will take her six months
to "find herself." All the parts do not
work in harmony, and until these differ
ences have been adjusted the Sonoma will
not be able to show what a really mag
nlflcent liner she Is.
In spite of the fact that the Sonoma's
bottom is still rough and that she has
still to "find herself," bets were freely
made yesterday that she would beat the
Hongkong Maru all the way from eight
to twelve hours to Honolulu. The officers
on the Sonoma said that she would run
on schedule time, but the lookout at Point
JLobos reported that when Pilot Jordan
went aboard the America the mall boat
also began to "smoke up," and when last
seen she was making at least seventeen
knots an hour.
The Sutioma took away the following
named passengers in the nrst cabin:
Thursday. January *4.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena. ,.«
Stmr Jeanle, Mason, 110 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 40 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
.Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey and way ports.', .
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 14 hours from
Little River. '-¦ a \
Stmr Aberdeen. Hnns*n. 27 hours from Eu
reka; bound south ; put in to land passengers.
Ship Sintram. Meyer, 10 days from Tacoma,
via Clallam Bay 7 days. •
8h!p Glory of the Seas. Hall. 17 days from
Oomox. . '
Ship Luclle, Anderson, ,15 days. from Seattle.
¦ Ital ship Sal vatore Clampa, Caflero, 3S days
from Talcahuano. *
Bark Mauna Ala, 1 Smith. 24 days from Hono
lulu. • . , .
'¦' Bark ¦ St Katherine, Saunders, 18 days from
Honolulu.
• Ger bark J C Glade. Stege, 23 days from
Honolulu. -; ¦ ¦ .
•Bktn'Tam o f . Shanter, Wilson, .7 days from
Columbia River.
¦ Brig Pitcairn,- Thomson, 23 dayslfrom Tres
Marias. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamer Sonoma sailed yesterday for Syd
ney and way ports with a general cargo man
ifested as follows: For Australia, $98,255; for
New Zealand, $104,906: for Samoa, $2467; for
Fiji Islands, $728; total value, $206,356. The
following were the principal shipments:
For Australia— 100 tons asphaltum, 220 csks
bottled beer, 33.600 lbs bluestone, 3666 Iba beans,
531 cs boots and shoes, 4500 lbs codflsh, 60 colls
cordage, 333 cs canned goods. 40 cs cash reg
isters. 89 bdls broomcorn, 47 bdls broom handles,
16,250 lbs dried fruit. 45 pkgs 7178 pes millwork.
25 cs drygoods, 30 pkjs groceries and pro
visions, 23,372, lbs hops, 14 rolls leather, 4000 ft
lumber, lfc pkgs machinery. 350 cs 1350 lbs
mlllstuffs. 258 pkgs metal polish, 489 rolls 641
bales newspaper, 89 bxs raisins, 3466 lbs seeds,
13 cs salmon; 15 bbls whale oil.
For New Zealand— 3 cs erms and ammunition,
155 cs beer, 4 crs bicycles and sundries, 10
bdls broomcorn, 28 cs boots and shoes. 1400 Tbs
codflsh, 1315 cs canned Broods, 75 pkgs car ma
terial, 28,775 lbs dried fruit, 9 ca drygoods. 5
cs groceries and provisions, 1834 lbs hops, 20
pkgs machinery, -320 rolls 64 bales newspaper,
22 cs photo goods, 13 crp paper, 385 bxs raisins.
250 cs 30 bbls salmon, 200 tbs seed.
For Samoa— 28 cs salmon, 600 lbs bread, 64
bbls flour, 220 Tbs malt, 72 cs canned goods, 4
bxs raisins, 14 pkgs groceries and provisions,
30 sheets galvanized Iron, 10 sks potatoes, 2
crs onions, 85 pkes millwork.
For FIJI Islands— 99 cf- salmon, 77 cs canned
goods, SS7 IbB dried fruit, 230 lbs bacon. 1 cs
drygoeds. -^-
Departure of the Sonoma.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Japanese liner Hongkong Maru sailed
yesterday for China and Japan with a general
cargo valued at $167,772. manifested as follows:
For China, $74,387: for Japan, $30,148: for Ma
nila, $32,914; for East Indies, $2370; for Vladi
vostok. $7,297; for Korea, $656. The following
wero the principal shipments:
For China — 7 cs agricultural implements, 120
b.VH apples, 4 crs bicycles, 220S Iba beans, 1251
cr canned goods,' 620 Its codfish, 10 cs 6755 Tbs
cheese, 25 cs cognac, (*00 Its dried fruit, 8743
bills flour, 604 pkgs groceries and provisions,
£55 It- a hops, 14,708 lbtf ham and bacon, 11 cs
household goods, 16 rolls leather, 1500 tbs lard,
6594 lbs malt, 10,350 lbs pearl barley, 13,110 lbs
dried peas, 67 en paper, 7 pkgs saddlery, 560
bdls shook*, 90 cs salmon, 100 bbls sauerkraut.
2703 gals wine.
For Japan— 8000 lbs ! abalone meat, 41 crs bi
cycles and sundries, 13 cs canned goods, 310
bales compressed cott3n, 1148 lbs cheese, 10 ca
electrical goods, 3635 bbls flour, 89 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 215 rolls leather, 10 bbls
oil, 22,054 feet lumber, IS pkgtt machinery. 3400
kegs nails, 6 pkgs 30 bbls phpnograph goods,
7253 lbs sugar, 300 cs soap, 100 bbls sauerkraut.
102,246 lbs soda ash, 243.6S0 tbs tanbark, 7 cs
whisky, 50 calf wine.
For Manila— 1900 csks bottled beer, 1021 lbs
hops, 181 bxs lemons, 44.0S8 lbs malt, 3 cs
photo goods, 6000 era potatoes, 7 cs stationery
and paper, 54 ca whisky.
For Kast Indies— 206 cs salmon. 311 cs canned
goods,' 9 bdls iron, 2000 lbs dried peas, 6 pkgs
groceries and provision)!, 4S5 gals wine.
For Vladivostok— 3 cs photo goods, 108 ca
canned roods, 300 tbs millstulTs, 7107 lbs ham
and bacon, 137 pkg3 machinery.
For Korea— 3 cs whisky, 1 cr bicycles, 2 cs
household goods, 525 lbs millstuffs, 1 pkg gro
ceries, 4 bbla cement.
The La Rochefoucauld loads wheat at Fort
land for Burope, 41s o-l; the Jabez Howes, coal
at Tacoma for Honolulu; the Austrian steamer
Olifa, wheat at this port lot St. Vincent for
orders, 37s 6d, rechartered.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
PORT TOWNSEND, Jan. 24.-The Brit
ish ship Castle Rock. Captain Johns,
ninety days from Yokohama, bound lor
Victoria, was sighted this morning off the
Vancouver coast with all well on board.
The rate of 50 per cent had been offered
on reinsurance on this vessel and the tuss
have been on special lookout. for her for
weeks.
Been Offered for Reinsurance
Is Safe. -M- >x y;
Vessel on Which 50 Per Cent Has
G. E. Beach, the papular ticketf agent
of the Southern Pacific at the ferries,
came home from a well earned vacation
yesterday. He has been to Saratoga
Springs for a fortnight.
The British bark Auldgarth arrived
from Port Stanley yesterday. She brings
here the cargo of the Mistley Hall, which
came near to belne wrecked in the At
lantic. It was only by the hardest kind
of work that captain and crew got the
battered hull into the harbor of refuge.
P. Beula. an upholsterer employed in
the Palace Hotel, fell down the stairs in
his home at 42S Broadway and broke his
leg. He was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital by Drs. Robinson and Bauer.
BRITISH SHIP CAS3XE
ROCK NEABINQ PORT
which there was some anxiety, also got
in, and the ship Castle Rock, on which 63
per cent reinsurance was paid, is reported
off Cape Beale. The latter vessel is now
out 93 days from Hongkong for Portland.
>
"Water Front Notes.
STEAMSHIPS SONOMA AND HONGKONG MARU LEAVING PORT. THE FORMER IS BOUND FOR AUSTRALIA,
VIA HAWAII, SAMOA AND NEW ZEALAND, AND THE LATTER FOR CHINA, VIA HAWAII AND JAPAN.'
THERE IS BETTING AS TO WHICH WILL REACH HONOLULU FIRST. / ,
Oceanic Company s Sonomaand Japanese Mail Boat Hong
kong Maru Sail for Honolulu, and There Is Betting
as to Which Will First Arrive.
MAIL STEAMSHIPS ARE NOT RAGING,
BUT A CLOSE FINISH IS EXPECTED
NOTE^-In the" above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order ¦ of occurrence as to time of
day," the third , time column gives the last tide
of the day. i except when there are but . three
tides, as sometimes Occurs.* The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States ; Coast Survey charts, except . when a
minus sign ( — ) precedes : the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by , the charts. :- The plane of reference
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
TO SAIL.
XIV.
7
FRIDAY. JANUARY 25.
Sun i
Sun i
Moon
Ises
IStB...
Beta. ...... .......
¦.V.'.V.'.'.V.V.V.V.Vll :3l" ' t
..7:19
..5:25
'. m.
pa
!?
25™.
26 ...
27 ...
28 ...
Time Time
Ft.
H-W , t, W
3:05 S.5 9:10
3:50 5.6 10:17
, 4:SS 5.7 11:31
5:37 5.9 12:44
L W - H W
0:00 2.7 6:31
1:10 2.9 7:31
2:11 3.9 8:31
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H IV L. W
1.3 3:3) 4.6 9:09
1.0 4:39 4.2 9:59
0.7 6:09 - 3.9 10:SC
I 0.3 7:34 4.0
i L. W H W
6:0 1:48—0.1 8:40
6.1 2:45-0.4 9:48
6.2 3:37 —0.6 10:37
Ft
1.3
1.9
2.3
.....
29 ...
30 ...
31 ...
4.1
4.3
4.7
Steamer. - From. jj Due.
W. H. Kroner.. Grays Harbor. Jan. 23
China China and Japan Jan. 2S
[}. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria. Jan. 23
Argyll Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 35
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 26
Sesostris... Hamburg & "Way Ports Jan. IS
ritanla.. .. Nanalmo Jan. 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
ilueen San Diego Jan. S?
EJonlta. Newport : Jan. 27
San Pedro Humboldt :..... Jan. 27
Victoria Oyster Harbor ~ Jan. 17
/trcata ..' Coos Bay Jan. 28
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 23
Alliance. Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 28
Carlisle City.;.. China via San Diego. Jan. 28
IVashtenaw Tacoma j an . 28
Empire ..Coos Bay Jan. 13
Curacao ...Mexican Ports... Jan. 2S
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 23
Argo..... Coqullle River Jan. 29
Mandalay....... Coquille River Jan. 29
[Oureka '. .. Humboldt Jan. 29
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 30
Columbia....... Portland and A«torta... Jan. 30
Mexico.. ..n Mexican Ports Jan. SO
Corona — Newport .-.....;..; Jan. 30
CJlty of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports- Jan. 31
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena... Jan. 31
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.) Pier
.lannnrr 25.
coronaao ."Jrays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
£?"?? a .W Harbor....... ID am Pier 10
corona Newport 3 am Pier U
x- .%. t- ,. January 28.
Humbolflt 9 am Pier 3
I 1 * 1 * °/ Cal - Puget Bound Porta U am PUr i
Point Arena.. Point Arena 3 nm PUr 2
=? reka v Humbert »SSp}"lI
Despatch...... Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 20
Junnnry 27. j I '
Santa Barbar Humfcoldt 10 am Pier 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Jnnnnry 2S.
W. H. Krngei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 13 m PMS3
O. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria 11 am Pier 2*
Pomona Humbo!4t 3 pm Pier »
Jnnnnry . 29.
St. Paul M. T. via Panama S pm Pier U
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 19 am Pier 13
Jannary SO.
Queen San Dietca 9 am Pier 11
Arcata.: Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Carlisle City. China and Japan
Jnnnnrr 31.
Walla Walla. Punet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier •
FRIDAY. JANUARY 25.
Sun i
Sun i
Moon
Ises
IStB...
Beta. ...... .......
¦.V.'.V.'.'.V.V.V.V.Vll :3l" ' t
..7:19
..5:25
'. m.
pa
!?
25™.
26 ...
27 ...
28 ...
Time Time
Ft.
H-W , t, W
3:05 S.5 9:10
3:50 5.6 10:17
, 4:SS 5.7 11:31
5:37 5.9 12:44
L W - H W
0:00 2.7 6:31
1:10 2.9 7:31
2:11 3.9 8:31
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H IV L. W
1.3 3:3) 4.6 9:09
1.0 4:39 4.2 9:59
0.7 6:09 - 3.9 10:SC
I 0.3 7:34 4.0
i L. W H W
6:0 1:48—0.1 8:40
6.1 2:45-0.4 9:48
6.2 3:37 —0.6 10:37
Ft
1.3
1.9
2.3
.....
29 ...
30 ...
31 ...
4.1
4.3
4.7
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.) Pier
.lannnrr 25.
coronaao ."Jrays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
£?"?? a .W Harbor....... ID am Pier 10
corona Newport 3 am Pier U
x- .%. t- ,. January 28.
Humbolflt 9 am Pier 3
I 1 * 1 * °/ Cal - Puget Bound Porta U am PUr i
Point Arena.. Point Arena 3 nm PUr 2
=? reka v Humbert »SSp}"lI
Despatch...... Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 20
Junnnry 27. j I '
Santa Barbar Humfcoldt 10 am Pier 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Jnnnnry 2S.
W. H. Krngei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 13 m PMS3
O. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria 11 am Pier 2*
Pomona Humbo!4t 3 pm Pier »
Jnnnnry . 29.
St. Paul M. T. via Panama S pm Pier U
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 19 am Pier 13
Jannary SO.
Queen San Dietca 9 am Pier 11
Arcata.: Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Carlisle City. China and Japan
Jnnnnrr 31.
Walla Walla. Punet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier •
Steamer. - From. jj Due.
W. H. Kroner.. Grays Harbor. Jan. 23
China China and Japan Jan. 2S
[}. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria. Jan. 23
Argyll Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 35
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 26
Sesostris... Hamburg & "Way Ports Jan. IS
ritanla.. .. Nanalmo Jan. 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
ilueen San Diego Jan. S?
EJonlta. Newport : Jan. 27
San Pedro Humboldt :..... Jan. 27
Victoria Oyster Harbor ~ Jan. 17
/trcata ..' Coos Bay Jan. 28
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 23
Alliance. Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 28
Carlisle City.;.. China via San Diego. Jan. 28
IVashtenaw Tacoma j an . 28
Empire ..Coos Bay Jan. 13
Curacao ...Mexican Ports... Jan. 2S
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 23
Argo..... Coqullle River Jan. 29
Mandalay....... Coquille River Jan. 29
[Oureka '. .. Humboldt Jan. 29
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 30
Columbia....... Portland and A«torta... Jan. 30
Mexico.. ..n Mexican Ports Jan. SO
Corona — Newport .-.....;..; Jan. 30
CJlty of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports- Jan. 31
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 31
Point Arena.... Point Arena... Jan. 31
Steamer.
From.
AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT CTMEDT AKD MUSICAL HIT.
EVENINGS at 8. MATIXEE SATURDAT at 2.
1 1 1 Q
By the Authors of "Robin Hood."
POrULAR PRICES 25 and DO cent.
Telephone— Bufh 9.
A MEW BILL A*D THE BEST EVER.
MONTMAItTilOIS TRIO. HACKEIt AND
!.E?TER. WAKREN AND BLAXCHARD,
PAV1OKTTE AND CI-ARK. SCHUMANN
LADIES' QtrAHTET. EUGENE O'ROURKE
AND COMPANY. BILLY LINK. THE
AMERICAN E1OCP.APH AXD
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELFPHAHTS :
H«serred *eats, 2Sc; balcony. 10c; opera
r»tt!rs and bcx ecats, tt*.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Stinday.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
SKOOXD WEEK OF THE 1TNGAGEXIENT OF
MRS. FISKE
In the P!av In Four Acts.
BECKY SHARP.
• Four.Sed on Thackeray's "Vanttj- Fair.")
MATINEE TO-MORROW .SATURDAY). AT
: P. M. SHAItP.
Curtsin at 8 p. m. sharp. Carriages at 11 p. m.
C 0 L t! ! fct' i lS 1 A LEAD! ' 8 THEATRE
THE CHARMING PASTORAL!
DRAMA, •
¦& "WAY
>™ no wn i
EAST."
The -".--¦ Perfcrroance of This Great Success
Takes Place Sunday Nierht.
NEXT MONDAY—
LOUIS JAMES nJ KATHRYN KIDDER
In a. M&Kr.lflcent Production of
"A MIDSUMMER KMT'S DREAM."
QRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES EATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
1-A6T THREE XTGHTS.
HERBERT KELCEY and EFFIE EHAS-
NONS GREAT SUCCESS,
THE MOTH AND THE FLAME
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, EOe,
A few frcnt rows in orchestra 75c. Good re-
served Feat in orchestra at all matinees 35c.
Branch TJcket Office — Emporium.
MONDAY— CHARLES ERIN VERNER. the
Greatest Irish Comedian of the Day,
in "AURAH NA-POGUE."
Alf. E::'.r.phouse. Prop, and Manager.
THONE BOUTH 770
THIS EVENING AT 8:15— MATINEE SAT.,
The Bright Musical Farce-Comedy Success,
Th'E STAR BOARDER
By a company of cle\*er comedians and a bevy
of pretty girls. New music. New
Specialties.
KVENIXn 2S<?. SSe, 50e and T5c
MATINEE ...15c. rsc. 33c and 50c
N<»rt Fnnfiay Afternoon,
"THE BIG FUN SHOW."
Bevea BaptT Day* With Those Funny Fellows.
MURRAY AND MACK
Ar3 Their Elg Company cf 37 People, in
"StiOOTiHG THE CHUTES."
r&5? M EAT R eT*A ?
LAFT THREE NIGHTS
GUTIVEES TO-yORllOWand SUNDAY.
The New Tcrk and London Success.
SWEET LAVENDER
. PRETTY GOWNS— NEW SCENERY.
6 EATS— 13c. 25c. 23c, DOc.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
N"E32CT "WEEK-
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME,"
BBLASCO *"*> THALESs: P *iWE?
inM"g't^lh Ok P Ijiji*'-"" 1 """ 1 "^
i »*^ VKXTt crnr tiAis
Phone South 533.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
LAST 3 NIGHTS^
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SCNDAT,
Oi:e of the Greatest Plays Ever Written.
OABKEST RUSSIA.
Thrilling Fituation*: Bright Comedy; Gorreous
Costumes; a Great Scenic Production.
PhIPPS Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 60c
I IUVlJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 2Se
NEXT MONDAY— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
First Appearance In Y«=ar» of the Popular
Irish Comedian. JAMES M. WARD.
THE PRISON JF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For tae Benefit of ST. JOHN'S PARISH. L
{Bar. Father Brady, Rector.) -^
Thursday Evening, F ?M901,
At S o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Flftb and Jessie Streets.
TICKETS C0o
CHUTES AND^OO "SF £ Sg»
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW AFTERJJOOX.
JUVENILE PERFORMERS' DAY.
TO-MORROW KIGHT.
MONSTER CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Scats, Park 3.
CaU,$1.00 per Year*
I Don't j
i Continually j
I Make the 1
j Mistake !
* Next time you J
« buy a Mantle J
! Buy the j
J Look Sharp I £
0 There Are Counterfeits t *
J The genuine has the name «
2 "Welsbach" stamped on the J
J Mantle and is packed in a. 5
J sealed box. •
« Look for the Name 0
a Look for the Seal •
: WelsbachCompany !
: 138-140 Ellis St. :
• and all dealers •
•••••••••••••••••••••••A**
|1eNTLEH: "1
: Buy your clothes •where you get i
j the best for your money. [
ijOE POHEIM,
ft THE TAILOR, ;
? Makes 813.50. 815.50 and j
1 S17.5O suits, which are the best
tn the city. They are all wool and '¦
; make a fine business suit. . '
i i For dress purposes we make you 1
i a suit for £20.00. .S25.00. 1
! i $30.00. 835.OO that you can- .
I not duplicate in the United States. !
i A full line of new goods Just In. ]
Perfect fit and best of workman- i
'¦ ship guaranteed or no sale.
f JOE POHEiM, The Tailor,
201 and 203 Montgomery, eor. i
Bush; 1U0 and 1112 Market St.. S. F. [
143 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. «
lofi» «B
DAI k f»C ' These hotels pos-
rALAut f s . es ; e att t ribut «
, that tourists and
Qnn travelers appreciate
""" —central location,
R R A M fl Iibcral manage-
UnHliU ment, modern ap-
II ft TCI 0 pointments and
flUltLOi p er . f . ect c^ s^
> American and Eu-
SSll FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
W^I^HHu^r removes the stomach \
L-l^?^| S Pirj terror of lard— made
>g^s^ PAINLESS
! . EXTRACTION
gSgfSnjr Our $5.00 Plates
0B- 8 - L- WALSH
n - r '~ gjj^ GEART BTREET
.Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1135.
IA/. T. HBSS,
kotabt pobli; Ajo ATroaNsr-Ar-nw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Bpreckela Bldg.
Telephone Brown S31.
Residence. &21 California st.. below Powell. .
„¦ . - i . Ban Francisco.
« DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
ETRICTURES and analogous complaints ot the
Organs of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For sale by drupslets.
AMTJSEKENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETING.
Uonday, January Jl, to Saturday, February
9. Inclusive. / -: k.'_-,:
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events, Thre« Hurdle Racea and
81x Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:40. 11:30 a. m., 1, 1:30
and 2 p. in. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
Ban Frar-'"--* at 4:15 p. m.. followed after the
la*t race at Intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral eped&ls. Seats in rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course.
Including railroad fare, 11.25.
MILTOX 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWER. Racing Secretary.
FISCHER'S =°^5J.^ e:
Hanlon and Singer, Ida Howell. Waterman
Plsters. Utti» Alma %Vuthrlch, Hal Coolett.
Ahern and Patrick' and Hinrlchs' Orchestra.
P.eierved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.tion from the downward course was due to
purely technical causes. Even the opening
advance In prices was largely due to manipula
tion, which began in the London market on
cabled order* from here before the New York
market opened. The general steadiness In the
London market, the rapid recuperation In the
condition of the Back of England and the
continued ease of money, in spite of large
withdrawals from the market by the bank,
point to an early reduction In the Bank of
England rate. The opening prices of otockt
here proved In most ca»*-s to be the highest.
The weakness of the steel 6tock». which began
from the opening, proved a disappointment for
those speculators who had hoped that the
group would assume the ;<?adershtp of a new
a/Ivance in prices txx-ause of the strength
fhown fcy the leading M»?*l storks yesterday.
Yesterday's advance proved sufficient to bring
in buying orders and 'the speculative backers
of these stocks seemed Indisposed to offer very
vigorous support. The coterie which bought
stocks on Monday were credited with celling
to realize, and there were large Belling orders
all day which was attributed to Chicago ec
count. The reported illness of the larpf-st ln
•lividual orx?iiitor In the street and who' has
been suppowd to be long on stocks had con
siderable influence en sentiment, but the real
basis of the reaction was the failure to at
tract any renewed cutslde speculation, as
r!e«j-!y demon«trated by the_marice<l decline in
tee «etl% - lty In the trarket. Some attention
was given to the reports of friction between
the English and Russian admirals in Chinese
waters. Tne day's statement of Treasury
operation* reflected the payments en account
of gold withdrawn for export, which more than
¦wiped out the previous week's ea.ln by th«»
banks. A notable feature of the current tnon*y
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— The realizing of epec
uUtive profits proceeded steadily to-day at a
resulting expense of prices. The only varia-
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Jan. 24.— May wheat opened H®
Me lower at 74%o, influenced by Liverpool
cables, which ignored the advance here yes
terday. While the Liverpool market was again
open business there was at a standstill and
this condition had much to do in the dullness
which pervaded the local pit during the fore
noon. There was.some lalrly important buying
by bulls on the falling off in Northwest re
ceipts, but Bcalpers were bearish and did most
of the selling;, the market thus being confined
to local hands. May rallied during the fore
noon to 75c, but trade was dull. Later trade
was more active, some early settlers covering
because of lighter receipts at primary Western
points and seaboard clearances of 739,000 bushels
in wheat and flour. May ascended to 75Hc and
closed strong, HSHc up at 75Uc.
Corn was moderately active. The wheat
strength was accountable in a measure for -the
firmness, but the market also showed consid
erable Independent strength. There was enough
selling to have developed weakness had there
been any, but liberal offerings were well taken
Shippers were ' fair buyers and there was a
good cash demand while the country movement
was reported slow. May sold a shade higher
at the close. -
Oats were strong, but the market was local
and narrow. Sympathy with wheat and corn
was the chief factor. May closed %®Uc higher
Provisions were dull, narrow and bare of
futures. May pork closed 15c lower, May lard
6C?7l4c down and May ribs 5c depresssd
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Northern CaJifomia— Fair Friday, fresh north
erly winds; light frost in the Interior Friday
rooming.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday, cooler;
light northerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy unsettled weather Friday,
with showers in northern portion; cooler.
Arizona— Cloudy unsettled weather Friday.
Vtah— Cloudy unsettled weather Friday;
cooler. r
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday,
cooler; fresh northwest winds.
ALEKANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
7&st twelve hours over all of the western half
<f the country except a narrow strip of the
coaet from Cai« Mendocino to Cape Blanco,
nvhere there has been as abrupt and unusual
rlee.
The temperature has fallen rapidly from the
northern tnd of th<? Sacramento Valley to the
Washington line and if the sky continues clear
3tght to heavy frost* will occur generally over
the northern half of California on Friday
mcrnlng.
Rain has fallen from Eureka northward. A
light eho«er is r**;>orte<l at Phoenix.
A marked obscuration of the eky occurred
Thursday nocn at San Francisco, due to fog
end emoke.
The following maximum velocities are report
ed: Eureka, forty mllee per hour from the
northwest; Mount TamalpaJs, fifty-five north
vest; Point Reyes, sixty-five northwest; Port
land, thirty-four northwest, and Neah Bay
thirty west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours engine irldr.ieht January IS:
FORECAST.
Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
minimum, 42; mean.' 48.
"H"EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
¦ The market for evaporated apples ruled slow.
f&^rsSy?-^ 41401 prlmei 6 ® 5 * c: choiee -
California dried fruits, dull but steady at un
changed prices.
PRUNES— 3V;@«%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
7%^12o; Moorpark. ««i@
PEACHES— Peeled. 14® 18c; unpeeled. 6%@10cl
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE-Spot. firm; No. 7 lnvoica. 7Hc;
mild market, quiet. Cordova. SS12%e Fu
tures closed steady, with price unchanged to
5 romts higher. Total sales. 18.250 bags in
cluding: January, $5 40; February J5 40-
March. 7 &i 50; May. JS 50; July. J5 6oT's*ptem:
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fe.ir refining. 3%o; een
trlfugal, 9t> test, 4Vic; molasses sugar SUe
Refined.- quiet. • ™
BUTTER-Recelpts. 46S2 packages; market
y -fac?oryrn@14c. 6 ® 22C: ""^ lJ
EGGS— Receipts. 4967 packages; firmer- West
em, average packed, at mark. 18'4®l&4o- West
ern, loss off, 20c. ...
Options, after steady opening, advanced mod
erately all day in face of a small trade, un
changed cables and small export business. Bull
influences, the small Northwestern receipts
predictions for a decrease In the visible, large
clearances and a persistent short demand were
most prominent. Closed steady. H@%c ne"
higher. January closed 79Hc; March 7ST4o-
Msy, 79%««0 3-16c, closed 80?sc; July 79%c
HOPS— Quiet. J> >tC *
HIDES— Quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 51.900 bushels; exports.
130.400 buehels; epot. strong. No. S red. 80?ic
f. o. b. afloat and 7&%c elevator; >,'o. 1 North
ern Duluth. 86%c f. o. b. aHoat; No. 1 North
ern hard. S9%c f. o. b. afloat.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,700 barrels; exports, 16,600; steady.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 31%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8SVi
Sterling Cables — 4 89V4
New York Exchange, sight — 17^i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Sliver, per ounce — t . 61T»
Mexican Dollars, nominal SO^ <Q 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firm, Paris lower
and New York higher.
Chicago was firm, owing to the lack of sell-
Ing orders. The movement was fair, but de
creasing Winter .Wheat was reported In good
condition. Minneapolis millers reported the
demand for Flour bad, but at the same time
are taking all the cash Wheat they can grind,
and are even taking It out of storage.
The United States Consul at Bremen report*
the world's crop for 1300 at 300,000,000 bushels
I lrss than in 1S99.
In this market futures were somewhat higher,
but shipping quotations stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 974c; milling, Jl@l 03
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales, v..*
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 03T4: 8000.
Jl 04. December-2000, U 07%; 14.000, $1 08.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
J104U: 4000, $104%; U.OOO, *1 0*\i. December—
6000. $1 OS»A.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, Jl 04%. De
cember—8000. U 08>4; 6000, Jl OSH- N
BARLEY— OrterinRS of the best grades of
Feed are acaln light and the market Is conse
quently firm.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72V*@T3%c for No,
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grcdes. 77%SjR2V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD" SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 1000 ctls, 73e.
OATS— Arrival of another lot of 2500 ctls
from the East. In transit to Honolulu for the
army. Other lots are reported on the way.
The market continues as before, being quiet,
but firmly held.
White, Jl 30JH 00; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 2E01 40 for Feed and Jl 35^1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed. Jl 17&01 20;
for P«><»d. *t r.iif?l 30 per ctl.
CORN— Holders are asking higher prices, aa
arrivals have been light of late.
Yellow, Jl 15; White, $115; Eastern mixed,
Jl 12Mi per ctl.
RYE— 65@S7V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 85 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 25©
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15<S3 25,
Oregon, $2 7B@2 85 per barrel for family ani
J2 7. r .@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', J2 73 ¦
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 "5; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. J7: Corn Meal. J2 75;
extra cream do. J3 50: Oat Groats, Jl 50: Hom
iny, {3 60@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, H<gA ".>;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6®
7 25; in sacks, 15 75®7: Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran le firm at the advance already , noted.
Hay is steady at previous quotations, with
sufficient receipts. ¦
BRAN-J15ffl6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J16 C0@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $1«®17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal, at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing
JSf E0; Cocoanut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal J25
025 60; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed
|15®16.
HAY— Volunteer. J5®8; Wheat. J11Q13 60;
Wheat and Oat. $10<fil2 5O: Oat. $9612: Cluver
nominal: Alfalfa, JS®9 E0; Barley, J7 50®9 50
per ton. -
STRAW— 33@47ttc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue - firmly at ' unchanged
quotations, and dealers report a fair move
ment. .
* BEANS— Bayos, J2 50@3 75:: Small White.
J4 60@4 90; Large White, $4@4 23; Pink". J2 15®
2 15; Red,- J3 2503 50; ; Blackeye, J3@3 23; Llrnas.'
15 OOiJTS 70:- Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. J3 7M?« ¦: per < ctl. • =-•••• •.
SEEDS— ;J3rown Mustard, nominal; ¦ Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 5023: Canary. 8H®
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat*. as cempared with these of same date
laFt season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) *.
SAN FRANCISC. Jan. 24—6 p. m.
Weather Report.
•"Nuts are quiet. Almonds show firmness
tnrough the whole list, with a tendency to
higher prices. Shelled almonds particularly
are firm, and under the cost of Importation.
The market In Sicilr has advanced Ss to 10s
during the past few days, according to
cables. Jordans and Valencia shelled are very
ftrcng on the cth»r s";de also. The weather
along the Mediterranean is reported unusually
cold."
Mall eSvices from New York say: "Trade
continues slow. Some Inquiry Is noted for Cal
ifornia loose raisins, but holders decline to
meet buyers' ideas. Bids of S?»c for 3-crown
goods of fair quality were turned down yes
terday, the holder asking 6c firm. Offerings
»t the latter quotation are not numerous, many
asking 6Uc and some even higher for best
etock. Prunes are virtually dead on the epot.
Coast advices Ftatc that outside holders have
made reductions on their holdings equivalent
to those recently made by the association.' so
that their prices are now correspondingly as
much under the association list as they were
previous to the late <!iop on large and email
Fires. Currants are stronger abroad, but there
is only a very Fmall demand on the epot, and
the market shews no change for the better.
Good stock is about steady. Poor quality goods
are ea«y. Evaporated apples are quiet, with
quotations as last reported.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Foreign imports at this port during 1500 were
$3S.C4.450. aralnet $4E.tJ7S,O00 in 1S39, the lead
ing sources b«>!ng as follows: Japan, $S.313,6O0;
China. $7.2M>,C00; Hawaiian Islands <six
month*). JS.M-S.&vO; Frcr.ee, I1.316.COO: Germany.
I1.48S.200; Central America. J2.33o.300: British
Columbia. $2,580,200; East Indies. $3,272. 400;
Great Britain. J2.7«l.S0O.
Foreign Imports.
Exports of lumber from this port In 3900 were
25.SS3.O0O feet, valued at S5S3.000, against 22.-
CILOOO feet at $610,100 In 1S59.
Exports of Lumber.
Exports of Rataon from this port by sea in
IVO were K".6.600 cases and 13.714 packages,
vaiued £t I3.f.D1.575. »§a.:nst 703.350 cases and
ie.r60 packages at t2.S71.2t-0 in 1S99.
Experts of Salmon.
Treasure Shipment.
The Hcnjrkong Maru took out a treasure list
ef $103,347, consisting of $1C2,SC5 la Mexican dol
lars and !'•¦- in gold ccin.
eituation is the heavy reflux of national i>ank
notes. Yesterday's Treasury statement shows
that reeelDts of bank notes for current re
demotion thus far this month have amounted
to JUJ.Sfl,60S. For the six months ending
January 1 the total was SC3.333.S4S. The aver- |
age per working day previous to this month j
was a little over 1120.000. while for this month
thus far the average Is considerably over J700,- !
000 per working day. Experience shows that J
this return movement of bank notes is likely
to continue heavy during February and March,
and in view of the expansion under the new
law of about $5-5.000.000 in national bank note
Issues. It Is likely to be aggravated this year.
The limitation of J3.000.000 per month as the
maximum allowed for retirement of bank notes
remains in the law and will act as an obstacle
to the contraction of circulation. The current
redemption of bank notes plays a large part in
the great gains made by New York banks t
on sub-Treasury operations, as New York I
banks receive a large proportion of interior
bank notes by return shipment, and besides .
receive drafts on account of bank notes re- j
ceived by their Interior correspondents. This 1
lanre return of bank notes from circulation I
and the restriction on their retirement is ex- !
pected to stimulate the pressure to place loans
In the money market and will operate to fos
ter the tendency to ship gold abroad notwith
standing continued ease in foreign money mar
kets. Extreme declines reached 4^i in St.
Paul, 4H in Brooklyn Transit, 2% in Steel and
Wire, 2^ in Federal Steel and Manhattan, 2\
In Northern Pacific. 2 In Great Northern pre
ferred. 2U in Sugar and from 1 to 2 in a large
number of active stocks. Kansas and Texas
preferred made some show of strength.
The bond market was reactionary in spots
In Ejmpathy with stocks, but advanced at
others. Total Bales. $0,675,000. United States |
new 4s advanced *-i on the last call. ;
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
SO.C'JO Atchison — 44**
14.7W) AVchison prefd 64^
1S.TCK) Baltimore & Ohio $414
Canadian Pacific 88^ !
200 Canadian Southern 66* 4 i
2,C» Chesapeake & Ohio 3SV«
1.000 Chicago Great Western 17v>
14,800 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 141H
100 Chicago, Ind Si Louis 24
Chicago. Irid & Louis prefd 60
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92
300 Chicago *c Northwestern 170
6,900 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 118»i
700 C C O & St Louis 75 ]
800 Colorado Southern '.. 6"i j
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41 j
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
1,000 Delaware & Hudson 150 j
Delaware, Lack & Western 191 |
1.800 Denver & Rio Grande 39}±
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 51 Vi
37.&OO Erie 2S
11.000 Erie 1st prefd 62H
1,000 Great Northern prefd 192 |
Hocking Coal Wi !
100 Hocking Valley 42'.i
1.200 Illinois Central 129%
400 I owa Central 23^i
Iowa Central prefd 49
£00 Lake Erie &. Western 42^
Lake Erie & Western prefd 108
Lake Shore 210U
6.800 Louisville & Nashville 8SV»
17.600 Manhattan L 113Va
3,400 Metropolitan Street Railway 161»»
200 Mexican Central IS
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 67*i
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 105
14,600 Missouri Pacific £5
700 Mobile & Ohio 45**
1.200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10?*
2X.E00 MiESOurl, Kansas & Texas prefd... 4S\
New Jersey Central 145
1.000 New York Central 14O'4
2.490 Norfolk & Western 44
Norfolk & WeFtern prefd S3
65.300 Northern Pacific 80%
2.000 Northern Pacino prefd 85>i I
11.430 Ontario & Western 30*4 !
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42 j
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
10.500 Pennsylvania 144%
11.000 Reading 21H
U.8W Reading 1st prefd 70^
9,700 Reading 2d prefd 41%. j
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 92 !
3,300 St Louis & San Francisco 26<£
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 79
1.200 Bt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 68H
1.500 St Louis Southwestern 22»i
1.000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 50%
7S.700 St Paul 1474
St Paul prefd 1S7
St Paul & Omaha. 130
46,100 Southern Pacific 43V»
6,400 Southern Railway 19*4
S.200 Southern Railway prefd «i»i
8,900 Texas & Pacific 26>i
51.300 Union Paclflo 82V4
3,200 Union Pacific prefd S2H
300 Wabash 12V
8.100 WabaKh prefd 26% j
2.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11*4 i
1,300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2S% |
Wisconsin Central 14
100 Third Avenue 121 !
401 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 84\i :
6.SC0 National Tube ES«4 I
tOO National Tube prefd 07
Express comr>anles^ —
* Adams ISO
100 American 177>4
United States 54
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
4,200 American Cotton Oil 30%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 88
American Malting 4Vj
American Malting prefd 24V4
4.200 American Smelting & Refln 62%
300 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. S7T»
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd I. 17
2,900 American Steel Hoop 26
American Steel Hoop prefd 72 .
27,100 American Steel & Wire 39>,4
1.0CO American Steel & Wire prefd S4
2,000 American Tin Plate 59
200 American Tin Plate prefd 88
5.600 American Tobacco 113%
American Tobacco prefd 140
1,000 Anaconda Mining Co 42%
62,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7C- 4
3.150 Colorado Fuel & Iron ; 44S
12.500 Continental Tobacco 43^4
1.000 Continental Tobacco prefd $4
27.700 Federal Steel 47Vi
3.100 Federal Steel prefd 69^4
100 General Electric :..1£7
400 Glucose Sugar 47
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 96
1.J00 International Paper 21k
600 International Paper prefd 70
Laclcde Gas 22
SOO National Biscuit 38
1C0 National Biscuit prefd 92
100 National Lead tfi*
100 National Lead prefd 85
1.200 National Steel 39
SOO National Steel prefd 90
New York Air Brake 148
700 North American lOTi
Pacific Coa«t 54'
1 ....... Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coa«t 2d prefd 63
i 1,000 I"acinc Mail 4214
10 900 People's Gas ssu
2.700 Pressed Steel Car 37^4
400 Pressed SteM Car prefd 7SV4
' Pullman Palace Car iss "
....... Standard Rope & Twine 371
S2.800 Sugar 1321*
Sugar prefd ...; n$i^
4. COO Tennessee Coal & Iron ts%,
4.G00 United States Leather H7i
j t<i0 United States Leather prefd .. 7314
; 1.100 United Hlates Rubber 20ft
i SCO United States Rubber prefd &)V>
! C.4T0 Western Union
j 4.200 Amalgamated Copper iS"*
" l.r-00 Republic Iron fk Steel Co 13U
1 800 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd..... 57
P C C & St L ...54
SC4.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref reg 2» 105H1N Y C lsts.......';. 106*4
Do couDon. ........ 10524! N J C gen 5s.v...,.127!4
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change there was a marked advance in Gas
and Electric an'd Spring Valley Water, th»
former selling at $47#47 75 and the latter at
JS2 50@93. Oceanic Steamship was also higher
at $100 50^101. Trading was rather more active
than of late.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric advanced
to J48 and Spring Va'.l«y Water declined to
J02. There were sales of California Fruit Can
ners' at Jlf>6 50W1C6.
On the morning session cf thff Oil Exchange
there was the usual good business, with a
slight advance in Monarch of Arizona at 82©
85c. In the afternoon Monte Crlsto advanced
to $3 60.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a dividend of 33c per share,
payable February 1. At the organization of
the new board of directors J. B. Crockett was
re-elected president; A. H. Payson. vice presi
dent, and William G. Barrett, secretary and
treasurer.
The California Wine Association has declared
a dividend of 60c per share, payable on Feb
ruary 11. This la tho eighteenth dividend.
The Standard Con. Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 10c.
STOCK A2JD "BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS
Bid. Ask | Bid. Ask.
is quar coup..H3HH4H;4s do cj> (n»w)137?ilT^^
4s do reg 113Vill4V4!3s do coup UOViUHa
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCo6s.l06 — [Oak Water 5s.l01!4102H
Cal-st Cab 6S.116 — Oceanic SS £3.10S?,108\
C C Water 5S.106U — Om C Ry 6S...12S —
Ed L &. P 6s.. 131 133 Pac G Imj> 4s.lOO —
F & Cl Ry 6s.U4^ — P & Cl Ry 63.105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R 6a. — —
H C & S 5%s.lOS*4 - Powell-st R 6s.l204 -
Do 5s 104*4 — Sac E G&R 5s. — 9SVi
L A R 5s 1UH — S F & SJV as.120 —
L A L Co 6s... — — S P. of Cal «s.U0 —
Do cntd 63.. — 104 S P R of A 6s.llO% —
Do 63 — — S P C 6s (1S05.
L A P R R lB.101}i — Series A) 1C3H —
Market Cab 6s — 124 Do (Series BHIO14 —
Do 1st M 5s. — 122 Do (19O5) 112*, —
N C N G R 7s. — 113H Do (1912) 121»« — •
N R of Cal 6s.lll% — S P R 1st g 5s.lO7 ' 108H
Do 5s. 120 120t$!s P B R C 6s.l31H —
N P C R R 6S.1014 — |S V Water 6s.ll4H —
Do 5s lOSVi — I Do 4s 104 —
N Cal Ry 5s.. .110** — Do 3d mtg..lOS —
O S L & II Ss.llOfi — Stktn Gas 6s..lC3 —
Oak Tran 6s... 114 115U
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — — ' (Spring Valley. 9» 91%
Marln County. 52 — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pac L Co 42^i —
Eqult G L Co. 2H — Sac E G&RCo. — V'i
Mutual El Co.. t\i 7 S F G & E..~ 47*1 4S*%
O G L Sc H... — 50U San Francisco. 4»i 49»
Pac Gas Imp.. 44H — Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.. 232 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 75 79 Lon P £ A 14J —
Bank of Cal... 409 411 Merchants* Ex 16 —
Cal S D & T..105U — S F Nat Bk...l2O IK
First National — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1S50 Sav & L So.... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk....27S —
Mut Sav Bk... W — Union T Co... — —
B F Sav U....510 — •
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
gillfornla 133 — tO S L. & H... 41 —
eary-st 47*4 — IPresidio 17H 20
Market-st GS?« — |
}.i 1. POWDER STOCKS, f
California 150 — IVlgorit .U VA —
Giant Con Co. S2»4 S3H I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 8 Kilauea 3 Co.. «H 22
Haw C&S Co. — 90 Makawell S Co 42H —
Honokaa S Co. 31U 32 Onomea S Co. Z7\ 2SVi
Hutch S P Co. 26»4 — Paauhau S Co. 32H 32**
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125 — lOceanio SS C0.IMKIOI
Cal Fruit Asn.luSH — Pao A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co 153 154
Mer Ex Assn.. 95 — JPar Paint Co. 13H —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con — X3 37*4
30 Giant Powder Con 83 60
35 Hana Plantation Co 7 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 26 75
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 120 23
10 Oceanic S S Co 100 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 101 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
23 S F Gas & Electric Co.. M 47 SO
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 «2H
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
5 Spring Valley Water 92 50
15 Spring Valley Water' 92 87^
24 Spring Valley Water 1 S3 00
6 Vigorit ~ J 25
Street—
45 Pacific Lighting 43 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5*....~ 105 00
5 California Fruit Canners' 1C6 50
10 California Fruit Canner*' 1C« 25
16 California Fruit Canners' .....106 00
15 Cal Safe Deposit 105 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 73
$2500 Hawaiian C & S CO 5»£s 10S 25
23 Hutchinson S P Co 2« 75
150 Kilauea S P Co 21 50
75 Mutual Electric Light 6 75
2S5 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3 4S CO
25 Spring Valley .Water 12 50
6 Spring Valley Water 92 25
20 Spring Valley Water »2 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Black Jack 1 50
600 Cala-Standard 37
100 Caribou 62
100 Caribou 54
50 El Dorado 1 80
2 Hanford 117 00
600 Independence 20
600 Junction 94
10 Kern Oil Company 12 23
20 Kern Oil Company H 87>4
1600 Lion Oil Company 25
100 Lion Oil Company 26
1000 Lion Oil Company. b60 26
67 McKlttrick J3
400 McKittrtck Consolidated 20
210O Monarch of Arizona *5
300 Monarch of Arizona 13
500 Monarch of Arizona h
75 Monarch of Arizona 32
50 Monte Cristo 2 30
600 Occidental and West Va 65
20 Peerless 8 75
20 Peerless S 50
2000 Petroleum Center ¦. 25
5000 Petroleum Center 24
20<)0 Reed Crude Oil. Company <s
600 Reed Crude Oil Company 64
100 Shamrock •. 90
250 Thirty-Three 13 23
* Street—
100 Monarch of Arizona gs
200 Junction 95
Afternoon Session.
'." •'¦. "•¦; Board—
700 Aetna 1 45
1000 Cala-Standard 33
958 Four Oil Company 55
S5S Four Oil Company (9
200 Home Oil ; 4 15
500 Independence 21
200 Junction 14
50 Junction 90 e
200 Kern Oil Company 12 00
10 Kern River ..: u 50
1000 Lion Oil Company 24
1300 Lion Oil Company .' 25
20 Los Angeles O. and T. Company.... 4 00
Mil McKlttrick Consolidated 20
1100 Monarch of Arizona $«
200 Monarch of Arizona.. gj
: 600 Monarch of Arizona 85
200 Monte •Crlsto ; 235
225 Monte Cristo 2 50
150 Monte Cristo 2 63
100 Monte Cristo. s 90 250
100 Monte Crlsto. ¦ 30 2 50
200 Occidental and West Va 75
DO Peerless g 50
3000 Petroleum Center 25
1300 Reed Crude Oil Company n
35 Thirty-Three u 25
500 Yukon 65
300 Yukon 53
Street—
100 Independence 21
800 Junction ,. 90
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 24—2:30 p. m.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Shipment of $103,347 to China.
Wheat futures firmer. Barley growing stronger.
Merc Oats from the East for Honolulu.
Corn quoted firmer wider ligktci' arrivals.
Bran firm and Hay steady and unchanged.
Bcaus firmly held at prez'ious quotations.
Onions rather weaker again.
Potatoes unchanged. Vegetables high.
No further cliange in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Seven cars of Eastern Poultry in thus far this week.
Game in lighter supply, but dull and weak.
Sez'eii cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Good Apples getting scarce. Bananas still plentiful.
Provisions continue firm at previous prices.
Hides easy and in ample supply.
Increased exports of Salmon last year.
Linseed Oil marked up.
STOCK MARKET.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
oats. 24VS®24Hc: No. 2 white. 27^c: No. »
white, 26H®27c; No. 2 rye. EOc: fair to choice
malting barlev. 50®62c; No. 1 flaxseed, tl 75@
1 764; No. 1 ¦ Northwestern, $1 77; prime tim
othy seed, $4 65; meso pork, per bbl. $13 SO®
13 90: lard, aer 100 lbs, J7 27V4@7 30; short ribs
tides (loose), $8 87%@7 12V4: dry salted should
ers (boxed). 6Vl@6Vic; short clear sides (boxed).;
J7 25SJ7 35; whisky, baels of high wines, II 27;
clover, contract grade, $11. : ___-
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27.000 28.000
Wheat, bushels 48.000 27.000
Corn. • bushels ¦ 315.000 12-s.oco
Oats, bushels 216,000 180.000
Rye, bushels 5.0C0 2.000
Barley, bushOels 36.000 26,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries, 14@20c; "a'r» e f;
11H018C. Eggs, quiet; fresh, 17c. Cheese. 10%
@ll%o.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 £ 6 1
Closing 6 *i. olH
PARIS.
wheat- J-11. Ma L"'Ii >ne#
Opening 19 00 ,20 00
Closing 19 00 19 9j
Flour— ' .,'-•''"'¦>''
Opening 24 50 25 45
Closing 24 45 2a 45
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts. 16.
500; choice steers about steady, others slow;
butchers' stock, firm to a Rhade higher; good
to prime steers. $5 25©-3: poor to medium. S3 50®
5 15; stockers and feeders. J3I&4 60; cows. $2 75®
4 25; heifers, $2 75@4 oO; cannere, $2@2 70; bulls,
$2 Wtf-4 50; calves, $4£5 75; Texa6 fed steers,
$4#4 75: Texas graas steers, $3 35®4; Texas
bulls. $2 50@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 26.000; to-morrow,
23.0C0; left over, 5000; market opened a shade
higher and closed weak; top price, $5 35; mixed
and butchers, $5 10<g5 35: good to choice heavy,
J5 20ig:5 S3; light, 55 lO^fo SO; bulk of sales,
J5 2O!g5 27%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; sheep steady, lambs
mostly 10c lower; good to choice wethers. $3 70®
4 50; fair to choice mixed. $3 40@3 80; Western
sheep. $3 75Q>4 40; Texas sheep. J2 60@3 50; na
tive lambs, $4{j5 50: "Western lambs. $5@5 50.
Nrdv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 84.— Business In the local
metal market was generally slack. Demand
from the interior continues of hand-to-mouth
order and speculation was. generally speaking,
out of the market. Tin at London declined
£1 12s 6d, closing weak, at the decline. This
influenced the local market for that metal in
the direction of lower prices, but trading at the
decline was slow, and the market closed dull
and easy at $26 C24(g26 76.
Copper was dull at 17c for Lake and 16Hc
for casting.
Spelter was dull at $4<?T4 10.
Lead continues dull at $4 37%.
Pig iron warrants were unchanged at $9 50
©10 DO; Northern foundry, $15@16 10.
Nrw York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— The cotton market.
after opening steady at an advance of two
points to a decline of two points, ruled gener
ally firm on covering with the near positions
leading In further manipulation of January
contracts, which advanced that option 10 points,
while the remainder of the list scored a gain
of 1@7 points. There were intervals of weak
nese, but the market was finally quiet, closing
with quotations 10 points higher to 3 points
lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 24.— Clearings. $273,905; bal
ances, 161,784.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 24.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Walla Walla, 54V£O'55c; bluestem, 57c.
Cleared— Ship Lika. 100,378 bushels of barley
and 18.428 bushels wheat for Queenstown:
steamer Mllos, 20,450 barrels of flour and 17,470
bushels of wheat for Hongkong.
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 6S1.62S bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 24.— WHEAT— Steady and
quiet; bluestem, 57c; club, 55c
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 24.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 California. 6s 4d; No. 2 red Western winter,
6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 8Hd. Futures,
steady; March. 6s %d; May. 6s 1%<1.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
Ss 10«id; American mixed, old, 3s ll%d. Fu
tures, steady; January. 2s 10 l ,id; March, Zi 9&d;
May. 3s &tfd. ¦ •¦
Condition- of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance. $137,794,176; gold. $73,100,969.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— Money on call easy
at l?i«?2 per cent; prime mercantile paper. *%Q>
414 per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with ac
tual business in bankers' bills at $4 87*4 for de
mand and at $4 $3%. tor sixty days; ported
rates. $4 S4Vi<@4 $S. Commercial bills. $4 S3®
4 8314. Silver certificates. 63>4'365c. Bar silver,
61 7 /ic. Mexican dollars, 4S%c. • Government
bonds, strong; State bonds, inactive; railroad
bonds, steady.
The Evening Post says: Although sterling
exchange reached $4 874 to-day foreign bank
ers thought, it unlikely that any more gold
wold go out this week. They said this after
noon that New York was still a considerable
distance away from the point where gold ship
ments to London could profitably be mad».
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. *4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was fairly brisk to
day, and there was a general Improvement in
prices all around. This was on the feeling
that the Queen's death had been over-dis
counted and the bank return, which was
very strong. Americans were good, Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul leading on
talk of 7 per cent dividend for that stock.- This
department moved up steadily until the New
York opening. When that came in flat, the
rise here was stopped. It was assumed that
the cause of the reaction In New York was
the gold shipments to Paris. Toward the close
here and in the Etreet aiterward the break waa
very sharp.
Call money was stronger at 3 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 24.— Atchison, 46T4; Canadian
Pacific, 91V4; Union Pacific preferred, 85'4s
Northern Pacific preferred, SS 1^; Grand Trunk,
7; Anaconda, S%; bar silver, quiet, 2SUd per
outce; money, 2H ! 2?3 per cent.
London Market.
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 15
Deadwood Terra.... 62 Sierra Nevada. 18
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 63 Standard 4 10
Leadvllle Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Pacific 82^i
Call loans 8 @4!Union Land.. 2'^
Time loans SV4S4 West End..... 93
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch T & Sta. Fe.. 45 Atchison 4s 102
Do prefd 84S N E Gas &.C 5s... 6«
American Sugar... 132»V Mining Shares-
Do prefd llS»i I Adventure 9%
Bell Telephone 160HBInpham Mln Co... 15H
Boston Elevated lCl'fciAjnalg Copper 88V4
BoBton & Maine. ..litl (Atlantic 27Vi
Chi B & Q Hl%i Boston & Mont....51J
Dominion Coal 34HlButte & Boston.... Ilhi
Do prefd 10S Calumet & Hecla..835
Federal Steel 47 Centennial '21*i
Do prefd 6»>4 Franklin 16»4
Fitchburg prefd. ...140 Osceola 8Us
Gen Electric prefd.153 I^arrot 47
Ed Elec 111 230 Qulncy 165
Mexican Central... 13U Sta Fe Copper 6
N E Gas & Coke.. 11H Tamarack 323
Old Colony .....207 Utah Mining....... 32%
Old Dominion So Winona 5
Rubber 2!)U Wolverines 4S%
U S 3s reg 109\N Pacific Ss 70%
Do 3s coupon 110U Do 4s 105
Do new 4s reg-...130% N Y C & St L 4S..106H
Do new 4s coup..lS7 3 i N & W con 4s 100>i
Do old 4s reg....H3'/.;Or Nav lsts.... 109
Do old 4s coup. ..ims Do 4s 103'.4
Do Es reg HO^iOr Short Line 6b. .121^
Do 5s coupon 113?il Do con 5s 118
DlFt of Col 3.G5s... 125 i Heading gen 4s Wi
Atchlson Ren 4s 103»j,jR G W iRts 99'i
Do adj 4s S9 7 i St L & I M con 5«.114»i
Canada So 2ds Ill' |5t L & S F gen 6s. 123
Ches & O 4K S 105 St Paul cons 182^
Do 5s I2u7i g t P C & P lsts...HS
Chi & N con 7b 133Ui Do 5s IW«4
Do S P deb 58. ...124 IB Pacific 4s S4»i
Chicago Term 4s... 93 S Railway Cs 113
Colnrado S.3 4s S4«i Stand K & T 6s... 65*4
D & R G 4s l«i^ Tex & Pac lsts....H6'.l
Erie gen 4s $3>A Do 2ds< 95
K W & D C lsts... 79 ItT raciHc 4s 106^
Gen Electric 5s lie iWabafh lsts lWVi
Iowa Central Ists..ll5'i' Do 2ds 109',^
L & N unl 4s 100V West Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 7SV4 Wise Cent lsts..... S6tf
Do is ." S7 IVa Centuries 96
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20; Little Chief 16
Alice 45iOntario 6 75
Breece 2 OolOphlr EO
Brunswick Con 25'Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04;Potoei 08
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SSc for Eastern: Alfalfa. ' 7>&®9ttc: Rape. 2®
2iic; Hamp. 2H@3%c; Timothy, 6ftc.
DRIED PEAS— ..Nlles. »2©2 50; Green. *2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are again quoted easier. Fine Aus
tralian browns would bring over the quotations,
but there are not enough coming in to quote.
Potatoes show little change. Sweet are weak
at a ellsht decline.
Vegetables are bringing high prices, owlne
to light arrivals.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65075c; Burbanks.
350450 for River and S5c@$l 15 per Ctl for
Salinas and 75c®»l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles
from Oregon, 85©90c; Sweets. S5c@U for Mer-
ONIONS— $1 83@2 10 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1 25
@l SO per ctl.
VHX5ETABLES- Rhubarb. ; Asparagus.
from Sacramento. 15@30c per lb: Green Peas.
B(S"ec per lb; String Beans, 10@15c; Cabbag*.
We; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 50(7X3 per crate;
EffR Plant'. I»s Angeles, 15c per lb; Green Pep
pers. Los An&elPE. 10@12>4c per lb for Chile
and 15c for Bell; Dried Peupers. 9®llc; Dry
Okra. 10^15c per lb; Carrots. lot^oc per box;
Hothouse Cucumbers, Jl 2502 per dozen; bum
mer Squash. *2 per box; Garlic. S'i'&lc per lb;
Merrowfat Squash, $126-0 per ton; Mushrooms,
5@15c per lb. • ¦ '¦ ¦¦:-¦¦. -•' \:r
\ Poultry and Game.
Though arrivals oi Game were lighter than
for some time, beinc only 95 sUf, the market
was dull and weak, as will be seen by the
quotations.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came in, mak
ing seven, thus far this week, and sales were
made at »t$12o for Turkeys. $5 to for Ducks,
Hens and Young: Roosters, $2 25 for Geese and
U BO for old Roosters.
Local Poultry continued weak and depressed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOfcllc f«r Gob
blers and ll®13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
12'J13c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, SI 75
@2; Ducks, $4^o for old and $506 5o for voun?:
Hens, $3 60<84 60; Young Roosters, M B0®5; Old
Roosters, J3 50®4; Fryers. $4 50: Broilers, $4
34 60 for large and %2<Q3 SO for small: Pigeons.
%VQ\ 25 per dozen for old and {2 2592 75 for
GAME-^uall, fl for Valley and $2 for Moun
tain; Mallard. : S3@3 BO; Canvasback. $2@3;
Sprig. 12 50; Teal. $1 50; Widgeon. {1 50; Small
Duck. $1; Black Jack. U 23: Gray Geese. J3
@3 25: White Geese. Jl@l 25; Brant, $1 50@
1 75 for small and {2 for large; Honkers, til?
4(0; English Snipe, {3; Jack Snipe, $150.
Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, J1®1 50 for Cottontail
and $1 for Brush; Doves, 75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for everything stand the same.
Creamery Butter is firm and the medium
grades steady, but held goods continue ir
regular and 'unquotable, as dealers are selling
at all sorts of prices.
Cheese and Eggs are both quoted steady,
with moderate supplies arid a, fair demand.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Kxchange
were 33,300 pounds Butter, 543 cases California
Eggs, — cases Eastern Eggs, 12,334 pounds
California Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, 18c; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15o; seconds. 14c;
store. 12c.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; first*. ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, — — .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, HV4c: choice.
10c; common, nominal: Young Americas. 12c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@1<3%c per lb.
EGGS-
Califo-nia ranch— Selected white, 27c; mixed,
colors, 25c oer dozen.
California gathered — Selected, 25c; standard.
23c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, " .
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, 20c; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Seven cars of Oranges are announced for
to-day's auction. All Citrus Fruits stand
about the same, supplies being ample for
all current needs.
Good Applea continue scarce and firm and
would protably bring over the quotations.
Bananas are as plentiful as ever.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 35@C5c per box for common and 75o
@S1 50 for good to choice: Spltzenbergs, $1 I5@
1 75: Oregon Spltzenbergs, II 5O@l 75.
PEARS— 60c@Jl 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wiseonslns,. $13 50 per bar
rel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oraneres. «Jt2:
Seedlings 50cg$l; Tangerines. 75c@$l 25; Man
darins. 7nc@$l; Lemons, 25c$)l 25 for common
and $1 5OJ}2 for good to choice: Grane Fruit.
$1SJ; Mexican Limes, $4 5005;
Limes. 25® 35o: Bananas. 50c®»l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, T5c^}?2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There may be nibbling at the market, but
it Is slight at best. Prices stand unchanged.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
30-iOs, 7c; 40-SOs, 6V4C: E0-60s, 4>4c: 60-70s, 8*C;
70-SOs. 3Uc: SO-903. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2»ie; 100-120s,
l}4o; rubles, %c premium; Sonomas, He and
San Joaqulns V t c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6$8c for Royals and 10@10V6c for Moor
pal ks; Evaporated Apples, 4S5V4c; sun-dried.
1%@2%c; Peaches, 4®5c for standard. 6@6c for
choice and &HriF7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7a;
Plt'ms, pitted. 8©<Hc: unpitted. l@l%c; Nec
tarines.* 6<£f5.Hc for red and 5H@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lOHc per
lb; choice, 9Vsc; standard. 83£c; prime, 8c: un
blc&ched Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 60-Ib boxes,
6^0; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Vic; 2-crown, 6c
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 CO; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dchesa, $2 50; Im
perial S3. ¦ All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9@10c per lb for Italian;
hardshell. 10c: No. 2, 7%c; Almonds, 12@13e for
papershell. 9@llo for softshell: Peanuts. E#6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. 11® 13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 13tt@»%c for bright and 12H
@13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7V<£Sc; light amber extracted. 6V4S7c: dark.
BEES WAX— 24®26c per lb.
Hams are stong. but no higher.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^ll'^c per lb for
heavy. HV4®12c for light medium. 12«4©13c for
light, 13V4<91-lc for extra light and 15®15Uc for
supar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
12c; Mess Beef. 112 per barrel:, extra Mess, $13;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $15@15 50; extra
clear, $19 50@20; Mess, 117; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6*4<36Sic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half- barrels, pure,
9Uc: 10-lb tins, 9*ic; 5-lb tins. 9'4c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. S%o; three
half-barrels, Sc; one tierce. 7?ic; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue easy and in ample supply.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9Hc; medium, 9c; light, 8@8%c; Cow Hides.
8Hp for heavy and 8©8Vjc for light; Stags, 6®
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15'^c; Culls, 13>£c; dry
Kip. 15c: Dry Calf. 16@17c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20«3<)o each; short
Wool, 20@55c each; medium, 60@75c: long Wool,
TSe'gJl each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50(32 75 for
laige and $2@2 25 for medium, $1©1 25 for small
and 50c for colts; Horse Hide3, dry. $175 for
large. SI 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for colts. I Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smcoth. 50c; medium, 35c.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4H©S%c per lb-
No. 2, 3V»c; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL-Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12©
14c; Middle County, free, 15316c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12®14c: Southern Mountain 12
months', 9Ql0c; Southern Mountain, free," 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9#llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
@17c: Nevada, 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V4(g>8c: do lambs. t&
9c: Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain
free, 10®llc; Southern Mountain, 7V»®SUc'
Humboldt and Mendoclno, •ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12016c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices remain the same, with a firm market.
- BEEF— 7«s©8Vic for Steers and"6&?i*c per ib
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8Q9c;' small. 9©llc per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 9H@10c; Ewes, 9@9U, C
per pound. . . '*
LAMB— 10©llc per lb: spring. 12'4@l5c Der lh
POKK-Uve Hoci STjSDc for small and 5%»
6c for medium and B*4®o*ic for larze- stock
Hogs and feeders, CVi@5%c; dressed Hogs 7>:
©SWtC ; . . *-'¦.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bans. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bars. June and July. S*ic; Wool Bass
30032140; Fleece Twine, "He.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant $7- Coos
Bay. JS 50; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative 'Walls
end. J3:. Cumberland. $12 In bulk and J1S 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14- Can
nel $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions $S43
per 2C00 lbs and $S 50 per • ton. accordin* to
brand. ¦ . •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany, quotes, per Ib. In ICO-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25ci Powdered. B.SScj Candy Gran-
ulated. o.S3c; Dry Granulated, 5. 75c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.75c; Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C.
5.25c; Golden C. 5.13c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; SO-lb bagSj
10c more. No orders taken for lees than 7a
barrels or its equivalent. Dominoc. half-bar
rcls. 6.30c: boxe*. 6.75e per Ib.
OILS— Linseed Is higher at 70c for raw, and
72c per gallon for boiled in barrels; cases, 5c
more. Mineral Seal is now quoted at 19V*c per
gallon in bulk, 22c in wooden barrels and 29!£c
In cases. Mineral Sperm, lc higher.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY U.
Flour, qr sks .' 5.SS0 1 Shorts, ska 25
Wheat, ctls 2.SIO1W00I. sks 72
Barley, ctls C4.e45 Brandy. gals..... 750
Oats, East, ctls. 2.500 Wine, gals 112,200
Potatoes, sks 3.953 Tallow, etls 260
Onions, sks 323 Sugar, ctls 4.R30
Bran, sks 2,270 Quicksilver, flsks 1«
Hay. tons 450 Leather, rolls 4*
Straw, tons 10 Hides, No 132
Middlings, skc... 520 Pelts, bdls. $0
MININO STOCKS.
Following were the ?a!ea In rh<» San Frin
c!sco Stock ard Ex^hane* Ho-ird yesurrtay:
MornipK Pmlrn. s
3<*> Belcher 0:»;2ioo Opri^ontal W
4W Con Cal & Va..t te, W Oph!r ' "*" <u
JCO Con Cal & Va..l «•'» S™ 8a*an ' '""" in
Injustice «a' iiirt Pnton Con •-
100 Mexican 19: ICO Yellow Jscket." 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge IS IQOOpblr ei
<W> Ccn Cal & Va..l 60 1400 Potosl " " on
200 Gould & Curry. 45' 300 Savage i%
3C0 Hale & Norcrs. IS* 200 Sliver Hill... " 49
4X> Mexican 2*1 WO fnion Con.. ' rj
200 Ocf idental 03' SOO Tel'.o-w Jacket.. 13
Following WfW the sal?s In the Pacific 3tocic
Exchange yesterday:
• Morning Session.
400 Best & Belchsr 24 ; VH Mexican r>
JCO Chollar 10 m Pot?si 03
1600 Con Cal A V...X 65 SOO Savage 1}
I0O Con Cal & V.I CHl «C0 Sierra- Nevada. '1
400 Gould & Curry. 43 i
Afternoon Session.
2S0O Con Cal & Vt..l 80 WOO Ophi- 53
200 Gould & Curry. 45 5C0 Ophir «t
TOO Gould & Curry. 4« 100 Potosi ff>
15'm> Mexican 2* 500 Umon Con 2*
200 Mexican » KO Yellow Jacket., li
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAT, Jan. 24—4 p. m.
Bid Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 06: Justice 05 07
Alta C3 03^KentucJc Cl C2
Andes M 03 Lady Wash - 02
Belcher CS C3 Mexican 2S 2t»
Best & Belcher 23 25 : Occidental 03 03
Bullion C2 M'Ophir ..... S3 61
Caledonia to 87 Overman 13 1*
Challenge Con.. IT IS Potosl 09 19
Chollar 11 12 Savage 13 8)
Confidence 52 5S Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 ftVSeur Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 03 Sierra Nevada. 2n 21
Con New York. 01 M 1 Silver Hill 4* 5ft
Crown Point... 10 11 St Louis — w
Kurcka. Con.... — 33[S:andard 4 CO 4 4->
Exchequer — 02 'Syndicate — 10
Gould & Carry. 4t 45 Union Con 13 2<
Hale & Norcrs. 17 13 Utah CS M
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 13 19
THIS »AJN Jb'JKANUlSCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY * 25, 19O1.
Chicago Grain Market.
Cash Quotations were ns follows: Flour. dull-
No. 3 spring, wheat, S4@72c; No. 2 red/ 74675c:
No. 2 corn. 37U.c: No. : 2 yellow: 88c: . No. 2
8
Articles— Open. Hlisrh. • Low.
Wheat No. J-
January 72*4 73 72H
February 72H v 73 • 72%
May 74^ 75% 74*4
Corn No. 2— . .
January 37H 37H 37H
February 37V4, 37>4 37Vi
May 3S-4 39 3S%
Oats No. 2—
January 2S% 2374 23%
May 25 25Vi •. 25'
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January ....
May 13 95 13 97^ 13 80
Lard, p«r 100 lbs—
January ....7 30 7 80 7 27*4
March ...: ....
Short Ribs, per 100 lb»—
January .....
May 7 05 7 05 « 87*4
Close.
73
73
7u&
m
2ST4
23%
13 75
. 13 80
. 7 27^
7 30 .-
8 87>J
7 00 ¦
STC-XJK.H. | Bid. AsklMi
' I •
American Fuel & OH Company 20 23
Buckhorn — J 90
Burlington — jo
California-Standard 17 '33
Cnrtbou :.-........; S3 _
El Dorado 150 180
Ynw Oil Co 63 -2*
Hartford • 115 CO 113 00
Harforci-Fresno-Kern River.... — 35
Home Oil 4 10 4 15
Homestrxke .".... — 10 «i'
Independence ,.. 20 21
Kern Oil Co [
Kern River !
L4on Oil Co : il
Ijoh Anseles O & T Company..
McKlttrtck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Aetna
Bear Flag ¦
Black Jack ".
Junction'
McKlttrlck """
Wolverine ""
Mcr.tc Crlsto
Occidental of W Va
OU City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Producers' & Consumers'
Reed Crui*e Oil Co
San Joaquin O & D Company..
Shamrock
Sterling O * D Company
Twenty- Eight
Westluke
\Vest5hore
Yukon
Centra! Point
Continental
12 00
U 50
24
3 ZO
20
84
42
1 JO
90
r.
isa
2 SO
72
33 00
:i
K. \
12 12^
3 .W '
2W
21
4 25
12 25
2G
4 :.¦!
21
18
43
;s
1 33
93
170
34 H
13
10 0«
«7
12 V
<:
3 5*
iX
5 i*
t ti
1 ;¦
**1
Peerless
Senator
* 50
2 W) I
Last I This I Last
£4 Hours] Season. I Season
STATK
ONS.
Eurek* ....
J!*d Bluff ..
*- _» _
facrsmer.to
S&n Franc!
0.16 30.22 23.72
Trace 15.13 14.65
0.00 11.22 13.31
0.00 13.01 14.28
O.C0 7.21 6.1$
0.00 4.63 2.09
0.00 21.44 12.50
0.00 E.Il 4.67
0.00 3.19 2.60
Fresno
* resno
In(!er*ni!er.c
Obispo
ZjOt Ar-gele
••an Difreo
Articles— Open. Hlisrh. • Low.
Wheat No. J-
January 72*4 73 72H
February 72H v 73 • 72%
May 74^ 75% 74*4
Corn No. 2— . .
January 37H 37H 37H
February 37V4, 37>4 37Vi
May 3S-4 39 3S%
Oats No. 2—
January 2S% 2374 23%
May 25 25Vi •. 25'
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January ....
May 13 95 13 97^ 13 80
Lard, p«r 100 lbs—
January ....7 30 7 80 7 27*4
March ...: ....
Short Ribs, per 100 lb»—
January .....
May 7 05 7 05 « 87*4
Close.
73
73
7u&
m
2ST4
23%
13 75
. 13 80
. 7 27^
7 30 .-
8 87>J
7 00 ¦
Last I This I Last
£4 Hours] Season. I Season
STATK
ONS.
Eurek* ....
J!*d Bluff ..
*- _» _
facrsmer.to
S&n Franc!
0.16 30.22 23.72
Trace 15.13 14.65
0.00 11.22 13.31
0.00 13.01 14.28
O.C0 7.21 6.1$
0.00 4.63 2.09
0.00 21.44 12.50
0.00 E.Il 4.67
0.00 3.19 2.60
Fresno
* resno
In(!er*ni!er.c
Obispo
ZjOt Ar-gele
••an Difreo
STC-XJK.H. | Bid. AsklMi
' I •
American Fuel & OH Company 20 23
Buckhorn — J 90
Burlington — jo
California-Standard 17 '33
Cnrtbou :.-........; S3 _
El Dorado 150 180
Ynw Oil Co 63 -2*
Hartford • 115 CO 113 00
Harforci-Fresno-Kern River.... — 35
Home Oil 4 10 4 15
Homestrxke .".... — 10 «i'
Independence ,.. 20 21
Kern Oil Co [
Kern River !
L4on Oil Co : il
Ijoh Anseles O & T Company..
McKlttrtck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Aetna
Bear Flag ¦
Black Jack ".
Junction'
McKlttrlck """
Wolverine ""
Mcr.tc Crlsto
Occidental of W Va
OU City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Producers' & Consumers'
Reed Crui*e Oil Co
San Joaquin O & D Company..
Shamrock
Sterling O * D Company
Twenty- Eight
Westluke
\Vest5hore
Yukon
Centra! Point
Continental
12 00
U 50
24
3 ZO
20
84
42
1 JO
90
r.
isa
2 SO
72
33 00
:i
K. \
12 12^
3 .W '
2W
21
4 25
12 25
2G
4 :.¦!
21
18
43
;s
1 33
93
170
34 H
13
10 0«
«7
12 V
<:
3 5*
iX
5 i*
t ti
1 ;¦
**1
Peerless
Senator
* 50
2 W) I
' OGEA2T TEATEL ;?.*.£
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leave Broadway
n}k tvharf. San Francisco.
I^5^S»w f * or Alankan Ports — 11 a. m..
8 fifFff*^ Jan - :S - 31 » Feb - 3 - Char! * 9 t0
fl Ei5'»W^!?k company's steamers at Seattle.
B W1V\ fiBtii\*V3 For Victoria, Vancouver i B.
jj f*ra3<\j«! c >- Port Tovrr.send. Seattle.
il jirtjP' tffYTli Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrteu
Uf and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
'"•"Uiql 11 a. m., Jan. 2S. 31. Feb. 5.
and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle for this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at SeattT*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Jan. 2S.
Feb. 2. and enrery fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoa. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavt-
ota. Santa. Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.>— 10 a.m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers, sailing datas and hours of salting,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteiV
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gon. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r> o :r, n-« j_, .a. :ism
From Spear-street Wart at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
JrinC $3 Second Class and M«als.
GEO. VT. ELDER Sails Jan. 2S
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. 2
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Buttw.
Helena and all points in tne Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
CO Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
mr T0BK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSD0S. PA3I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
New York Feb. « New York Feb. 17
Kensington .....Feb. 13 Vadrrland ....March «
St. Louis Feb. W St. Louis March 13
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwai>
From New Tork Bv«ry Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westemland ...Feb. 8|iFrtes!and y eo> j?
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark ...March «
Noordland Feb. 30 JWesternlaad.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHA3 D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
SO Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILli LEAVE WHARF, COR-
nrr First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March 15. 190X
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
Cl Market street, corner First.
WT. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AAAonfp C C Pt\ HV **"« SAM3 *- Nr4
oeeanieyyio. fsss^s^sst
S3. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February J. t p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Friday. February S. 4 p. m.
SS VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. February 13, at ) p. ra.
4. 0. SPREMEIS & BSOS. CO., Esreral Innts. 327 Hartal St
Su'l Passenger Oifin, 643 Market SI, Pier la. 7. Pacifc St
PANAMA R. R. S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct,
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $7o.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 23.
S. S. ROANQKE sails February 19.
Ftotn wharf, foot of Fremont »t.. at J n. no.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
PACiriO BTXAJt 5A71QATI0S CO. A5S
COKPAJJIA SXm AXXXUCA5A OX VAP0RS3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From foot of Fre-
mont «treet. Sailing: _ ,„,
F. S. GUATEMALA — ? e 5 m *!J J* H£
S. S. PALEMA 1^ M
8. S. COLOMBIA - M»™ '• *£\
a o tttappIi Marcn JO, 18PI
S -Th-e S2Ss"i» 'bint «9^j' *JLS«-
compag:iis oiKiaALS rBA58ATLANTiaxra.
S«S5 , mVer foot ef Morton ttreet. First clasa
w Ha^l 155 and upward. Second claw to
MiJ^^ui and upward. GENERAL AOENCTT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
£™rfway (Hudson building. New York. J.
? vrOAZ A CO.. Pacific Coast Ajents. 5
Montgomery arenue. San Francisco. Tickets
KTlUllwH Ticket Agent*.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEEa
5tea~— " M o-t!ce'lf».**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Tfeurs. and Sat at •:«
a. m.. *:15. 8:30 P- m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:SO a. m.. %
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street IXicXr
Pier No. 1 Telephoo* Main UCa>Found in Room Packing
Clothes.
William White and George Lawrence
were arrested last night at the Franklin
Hotel, on Pacific street, near Sansome, by
Officer Skaln and charged at the Hall of
Justice with burglary. The men were
caught ransacking a room In the hotel by
the proprietor, who held them • until the
arrival of the police.
Roomers at the Franklin have for some
time past been suffering from visits of
thieves, and it is believed these two men
have been committing the crimes. One of
them was seen loitering about the halls of
the rooming-house, and to the inquiries
as to his business stated he was visiting
a friend and was looking for room 54. The
room was pointed out to him, but he was
watched and detected entering room 60.
When caught he and his partner, who had
evidently entered the room before him,
had a quantity of clothing belonging to
the occupant of the room done up in bun
dles.
SOMNAMBULIST TRIES .
TO JUMP OVERBOARD
Woman's Life Saved by a Passenger
on the Steamship City of
.Seattle.
SEATTLE, Jan. 24.— On the last trip
down of the steamer City of Seattle from
Alaska, while the vessel was passing
through Seymour Narrows,' Mrs. Loa A.
Thompson, wife of Thomas Thompson,
formerly steward of the ill-fated steamer
City of Kingston, attempted to jump over
board while walking in her sleep. She
was prevented taking a fatal plunge by
George E. Hays of Atlin.
Mr. and Mrs. Hays and two friends saw
Mrs. Thompson come out from her state
room thinly clad at midnight, walk the
entire length of the cabin and disappear
outside. Mr. Hays followed, and. as he
reached the deck, found Mrs. Thompson
climbing upon the rail. Just as she was
about to spring Mr. Hays caught her.
Upon being rescued. Mrs. Thompson
fainted. After recovering her senses she
became hysterical, remaining in that con
dition almost to the end of the trip. She
had not the slightest recollection of her
attempt to jump overboard. She was ac
companied by her son, Charles, and was
on the way to visit friends In Seattle.
REFUSES TO SIGN
HER TESTIMONY
Startling Reversal in the Richardson
Murder Case at Savan
nah. ¦",;,'¦ -\.
SAVANNAH, Mo., Jan. 24.— A startling
reversal In the Richardson murder case
came to light last night, when Prosecut
ing Attorney Booher took the evidence
given before the Coroner's jury by Mrs.
Addle Richardson, widow of Frank Rich
ardson, the millionaire merchant, to the
Richardson homo to have her swear to it.
He was met with a flat refusal on the
part of the defendant.
"I will neither swear to or sign that
statement," she said, when the typewrit
ten copy was handed to her. The state
ment was not given her to be sworn to
before on account of her illness and the
attorneys had Tier statement typewritten
before submittinff it to her. '
The attorneys for both sides of the
Richardson case, which will come up for
a hearing before Justice Majors to-mor
row, claim to have startling evidence to
produce at the preliminary hearing.
Mrs. Sarah J. McClure.
SEATTLE, Jan. 24.— Mrs. Sarah J. Mc-
Clure, a pioneer of California and Oregon,
died to-night at her home in this city.
Her maiden name was Dillard and her
father was Henry Dillard. a pioneer of
Tennessee. She was born in Tennessee In
1837. With her parents she came across
the country by ox team in 1855 and settled
near Petaluma, Cal. Two years later she
moved into the Willamette Valley, set
tling near I^ane County, Ore. Later she
was married to A..S. McClure, and from
the union were born eleven children. Ona
of the sons, Edgac was well known In*
Oregon, where he was professor of chem
istry in the University of Oregon. He
gained high distinction as an educator,
but lost his life while ascending Mount
Rainier In July, 1S97.
Mrs. Alice McCart.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 24-Newsi was re
ceived here lnst night of the death of Mrs.
Alice McCart, wife of Peter McCart, at
Bakersfield. She was the daughter of
Mrs. Martin Kinsley of this city and was
very popular. She was married three
months ago in this city and went to Ba
kersfleld to reside. - -
E. M. Jackson.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 24.— E. M. Jackson,
general superintendent of the /Chicago
Telephone Company, died here last night
Interment will take place on Friday at
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. Mr.
Jackson was here for his. health.
Peter Levreau.
SANTA ANA. Jan. 24.— Peter Levreau,
a rancher of Westminster, dropped dead
last evening at the bedside of • his wife
The deceased was 62 ¦ years old. Heart
failure was the cause of death.
Benjamin Silliman.
NEW YORK. Jan. , 24— Benjamin SII1I
man, the oldest graduate of .Yale College,
died to-day in his ninety-sixth year at his
home in Brooklyn ' of • bronchial ¦ pneumo
nia. ' ¦ ...¦;. . - , ¦ , .
JUDGE CONDEMNS
FELLOW-SERVANT LAW
Hands Down Opinion in Case of Den
nis Maher "Who Was Injured ¦
in a Collision.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 24.— In passing upon
the case of Dennis A. Maher, a fireman
on the Union Pacific-road, who lost his
legs in a collision near Trinidad, Colo.,
Judge Calflwellof the United States Court
of Appeals, to-day vigorously condemned
the fellow-servant law. Maher was on a
passenger train that collided with a
freight, the crew of which had misread
the orders. Had the orders from the train
dispatcher been faulty the fellow-servant
law could not have been pleaded.
In Judge Caldwell's opinion, which Is
concurred in by Judges Sanborn and
Thayer, he says;
"It is conceded that the plaintiff was In
the strict line of his duty when he re
ceived his injury, and nothing but the
common law fellow-servant doctrine, as
that is construed by the Supreme Court of
the United States, stands in the way of
recovery. That rule is, in the judgment of
the writer of this opinion, extremely un
just. The rule has been abrogated in a
good many jurisdictions, and in the opin
ion of the writer ought to b« abrogated
in all."
Frank Hagerty, Hailing From San
Francisco, Comes to Grief
in Denver.
CAUGHT STEALING
AN EXPRESS PACKAGE
SAYS MILLIONAIRES ARE
RUINING UNIVERSITIES
DENVER, Colo.. Jan. 24.— Frank Hag
erty, who came here from San Francisco
two weeks ago, was arrested to-night,
caught in the act of stealing a package
from a Wells-Fargo express wagon. A
large number of express packages have
been stolen In Denver lately. The police
have wired San Francisco to learn Hag
erty's record. The prisoner says he works
as a waiter and a bartender.
A Wells-Fargo wagon was backed up
in front of the market on Arapahoe street,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
About 8 o'clock to-night Driver Lewis was
in the market delivering a package. He
left his brother, Ed Lewis, in the wagon.
On Wednesday night the same wagon was
robbed of two parcels. Ed Lewis con
cealed himself under the packages in the
wagon, revolver in hand. Presently an
active young man climbed up en the seat
and was in the act of reaching down into
the wagonbed for a package when Ed
Lewis appeared from cover, and threaten
ing to shoot, ordered him to surrender.
The stranger leaped from the wag-on and
dashed up Arapahoe 6treet to Seven
teenth. Lewis started in pursuit and he
gained on the fugitive, who, seeing that
his chance of escaping was small, threw
up his hands.
Representatives of the Pacific, Wells-
Fargo and the United States Express
companies visited headquarters this even
ing to see the prisoner.
Dr. E. A. White Protests Against
Subsidizing of Institutions
of Learning. .
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— Dr. R. A. White of
the Stewart Avenue Universalist Church,
in a speech before the Midcontlnent Con
gress of Religions mx the Fullerton Ave
nue Presbyterian Church, declared against
the subsidizing of great American uni
versities by American millionaires. .In
stitutions which have been so endowed
&nd subsidized "Are to lose their [tower
of spreading education; are to become
narrow and restricted, and finally are to
suffer absolute disintegration." were the
views Dr. White expressed. He declared
that events at various universities and
colleges had caused a suspicion In the
public mind that an autocratic influence
had already been thrown over professors
and students.
Rev. Jenkins Lloyd Jones, who followed,
raid: "I do not look for absolute corecion
in the American universities which have
been richly subsidized, but that thing
which I do fear is suggestiveness. Pic
tures of a great benefactor in the chapel,
in the library and halls, together with
eulogies now and then by professors,
might mold the mind after a time until
this 6Uggeetlveness might have the same
effect as coercion."
DEPOSITORS SUE STOCKHOLDERS
Litigation Growing Out of the Union
Savings Bank Collapse.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.— The organized de
positors of the defunct Union Savings
Bank to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against Howard A. Alexander and
seventy-six other stockholders of that in
stitution and the Union Savings Bank to
collect $60 per share unpaid on the bank's
capital stock.
The complaint states that on January
IS last the State Bank Commissioners
ordered the directors of the Union Sav
ings Bank to call In the whole of the un
paid subscriptions of the capital stock of
the bank, but the directors have failed
and refuse to do bo. The depositors have
also made repeated demands that this be
done to meet their claims, but the direct
ors have Ignored their requests. The ac
tion filed to-day is to compel the bank
to take such action and to force the stock
holders to pay un the amount due.
The Union Bank/was capitalized at $1,
000,000, divided into 100,000 shares of the
par value of $100. So far only $30 per
share has been paid on the stock, leaving
$70 per share unpaid. The plaintiffs ask
that K>0 per share be called In.
If the suit Is successful and the amount
collected it will result in depositors being
paid in full.
WEDDING AT CORONADO.
William O. Walker of Boston and
Miss Edith Kirby United.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 24.— The marriage of
William Granvllle Walker of Boston to
Miss Edith E. Kirby of Coronado took
place to-day at 11 o'clock at Christ Epis
copal Church. Coronado, Rev. Charles T.
Spauldlng , officiating. Miss Kirby has
been one of the leaders of the younger
set at the resort for some time.
After a wedding breakfast at the home
of the bride's mother the couple departed
for the North tuid East on their wedding
trip, which will be, extended through the
larger cities of the East. It Is expected
that they will reach Boston about the
1st of March, where they will make their
home.
DISASTEOTJS STOBM
SWEEPS OVER HERRO
Thirty-Five Persons Perish, Houses
Are Blown Away and Boats
Go Down.
TRONDHJIM, Norway, Jan. 24.—Thirty
five persons perished in a hurricane at
Herro January 22.- Sixty boats were sunk
In the harbor and eight bouses were blown
away.
BELIEVED BOERS WILL
TRY TO LAND ARMS
Reason Given for the Presence of a
Large Force on the Western
Coast.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 24.— It is believed
that the presence of invading Boers in
proximity to the western coast ls-due to
preconcerted plans with European filibus
ters to land a large consignment of arms
ar.d ammunition at some point between
Port Nolloth and Lamberts Bay!
Many traitors have succeeded in enlist
ing in the local forces, and there have
been numerous arrests. The sale of Rey
nolds Weekly Newspaper of London and
Review of Reviews and Truth has been
prohibited here, as it was feared that
they have been circulating among the
Dutch.
Han Who Attempts to Assanlt a
MOB WREAKS QUICK
VENGEANCE ON NEGRO
Woman Is Captured and
Slain.
MIXDKN. La.. Jan. 24.— At Doylins, a
station on the Vicki=burg. Shreveport and
Parlf.c Railr'xi'1, about ten milea from
here, a young negro named Larkington
etrcmjvtpd an assault on the wife of a
yotr.i? farmer named Walker, but was
frightened away.
To-day he was identified by Mrs.
Walker, and, in charpe of eeveral citizens
wes being brought to the Mlnden Jail,
when The party was overtaken and the
negro shot to pieces by a crowd of men.
INTERESTS THE COAST
WASHINGTON,- Jan. 24.— Postofflces to
he discontinued February ?— San Pasqual,
San Diepo County. California; send nvtfl to
Kpcondido. Ravenna. King County, Wash
ington; fend mail to Seattle. February 28 —
Gihsonville, Sierra County, California;
per.d mall to Eclipse, Plumas County.
Pike. Sierra County. California; send mall
to <"amptonvllle. Yuba County.
roFtmafters commissioned: Oregon—
EWrtdge W. Follett. New Pine Creek.
Washington— William J. McKenna, Bay
View; Richard Connell. Odessa.
Pensions issued: California — Original —
M. George Manning. San Francisco, $8:
Howard B. Masters, San Francisco. $6;
Cherles Willey. Hopland. $6: Richard N.
Ropers. San Francisco. $6; William Jor
dan. San Francisco, IS; Owen Connor,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles $8. Mexican
war widows— Beatrice Mosher. Nevada
City. 18.
Orfgcn- Original— Charles C. McFall.
Laprande. $*>. War with Spain, original-
Everett Millard, Sheridan. 516.
Washington— Original— Willis Trlpp. El
lensnurg. $*; Luther L. Scott. Auburn, JS.
Army orders— Captain Harry B. Cham
berlin. assistant quartermaster. United
Ftates Volunteers, will proceed w San
Francisco ar.d report for duty not later
than January ?l as quartermaster of. the
transport Ijiwton.
CHRISTENING OF
MURIEL VANDERBILT
Father Murphy, Who Married Miss
Fair and William Vanderbilt
Jr., Officiates.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Mr. and Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. participated to
day in the Interesting ceremony of the
christening of their infant daughter. The
service was performed by Father Murphy
In the private chapel adjoining St. Pat
rick's Cathedral, at 2 o'clock in the after
noon. The baby was named Muriel, that
being the choice of both father and moth
er. The godparents were Miss Isabel
Kemp and Clarence H. Mackay. Father
Murphy was assisted by two acolytes.
Masters J. Donovan Swanton and John
Kehoe.
Mrs. Vanderbilt wore a walking cos
tume of black broadcloth, with a jacket
of baby lamb, collar of ermine and hat of
black velvet and tulle. Father Murphy,
who was father confessor of Mrs. Van
derbilt when she was Miss Virginia Fair
and officiated at her marriage to Mr. Van
derbilt. came purposely from San Fran
cisco to baptize the little daughter. He
wore the same vestments he used at the
wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt on
April 4. 1S99— a cape and. stole of heavy
white satin, embroidered In seed pearls
and ' cold bullion - over, the . surplice of
white crepe Hsse and lace. These vest
ments, which are known as the "Colum
bus set." were presented to the church In
1892. and were, made by the nuns of Hunts
Point, who were occupied eight years in
the task. The acolytes were robed In
white moire antique and lace. Little Miss
Vanderbilt wore regulation baby frock of
white lace, trimmed. Mrs. Hermann Oel
rlchs, the baby's aunt, was present.
SERIOUS LANDSLIDE
ON GREAT NORTHERN
One Man Loses -His Life and a Por
tion of a Freight Train Is
Derailed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 24.— The landslide re
ported near Edmonds, on the Great
Northern, last night, and said to have
occasioned only • a two hours' delay,
proves to have been one of the worst that
ever occurred on the road, being 400 feet
long and twenty-five feet deep at some
places. R. Tanlguche was killed. Before
the slide was discovered a freight train
ran into it, derailing two cars and the
tender of the engine, and before they
could be extricated additional slides com
pletely buried • them. One hundred and
fifty laborers have been at work trying
"to clear the track. i •
SOCIALIST ADVOCATE
! GOES TO COUNTY PRISON
Sentenced for Blockading' the Side
walk by Holding a Street
Meeting-.
SAN JOSB. Jan. 24.— T. Joseph O'Brien,
one of the three Socialists who were ar
rested for blockading the sidewalks with
street meetings, was sentenced to pay a
fine of $30 or' spend thirty days In Jail by
Justice Cobb to-day. Although the So
cialists had the necessary funds on de
posit to pay the fine. O'Brien chose the
Jail sentence. He remarked that the jail
was good enough 'for him, and the money
could be used for advancing the cause o'f
Socialism.
• F. C. Malkmes and Harry Ryan, the
other two, arrested, have not yet been
tried. O'Brien's case probably will be ap
pealed and the ¦ constitutionality of the
ordinance tested.
VERDI SUFFERS
ANOTHER REiLAPSE
¦ ¦¦ i V-7 ¦ .- ¦ — . . . ¦- ¦ ¦
Friends Gather at Hia Bedside and
the End of the Composer
Is Near.
MILAN. Jan. 25.— It is announced that
Verdi, the composer; has suffered another
relapse and a' fatal issue is imminent.
His friends are gathered at his bedside. ¦
OOMFLATN-AITT PLATE . -[;
i ';;¦; ACCUSED OF.PERJUIIT
W. H. Wright, Defendant in Sensa
tional Civil Suit, Asks Redress
in Criminal Court.
W. H. Wright, against whtim sensa
tional charges were made by K. H. Plate
In copnection with the management of the
San Jose Fruit Packing Company, yester
day applied for a warrant for the arrest
of Plate on a, charge of perjury.
Wright alleges that Plate committed
f>erjury when he verified the . complaint
n which he charged Wright with miscon
duct in' the management of the affairs of
the packing company. . Wright further
alleges' that Plate knew that the charges
made by him were untrue and that the
said charges were made with malicious
intent- , •
Suicide Identified by Widow.
The remains of . a man discovered ' In
Golden Gate" Park on October 31 ' of last
year, and . since buried in V the potter's
field without identification, were identified
yesterday by Mrs. Harry t W. Hackett of
22% Quincy place, who after consulting
the records declared" they were those of
her husband. She was living apart \ from
her husband when he : disappeared: • •
. Cameras, ; i photographic supplies, -books
on photography, and' books . for, unmounted
photographs. 'Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn. Vail&
Co.; 741 Market street. - - S! i*»
MANILA, Jan. 24. — General MacArthur
has ordered the deportation to the United
States of George T. Rice, editor of the
Daily Bulletin, a marine Journal. Rice
will sail on the Pennsylvania on Monday.
The order characterizes him aa a "danger
ous incendiary and a menace to the mili
tary situation."
Rice's offense was publishing a state
ment that Lieutenant Braunersreuther,
captain of the port, had charged excessive
pilotage fees, a percentage of which he
had kept for himself.
The report of Major Mills, inspector gen
eral, who Investigated the allegation, com
pletely exonerated the captain of the port
and contradicted the editor and the mer
chants who had given him information
and who had been misled by figuring the
rates upon the net instead of the gross
tonnage, the latter being specified under
the Spanish law. ¦ *
Rice was summoned to the office of the
governor general's military secretary
and was called upon to promise that he
would publish no more such articles. He
declined to give such a pledge, but insist
ed that the article was truthful and took
up a defiant attitude when threatened
with deportation. ¦
The deportation order was then issued,
and Rice is now awaiting the departure
of the Pennsylvania. When seen" in jail
to-day he reiterated his statement that
the charges were "true, and declared that
in any event the severity of the sentence
was unmerited. Rice came originally from
Red Wing. Minn., and was formerly" a
member of the Minnesota Volunteers.
The hearing of the municipal govern
ment bill to-day developed an attempt on
the part of prominent Filipinos to secure
a delay of two years before taxing- land
where the owners are unable to cultivate
on account of the dangerous situation in
the fighting territory. The bill originally
deferred taxation for a year.
The Commissioners adopted an amend
ment providing that land owners who are
not implicated in the insurrection after
March and prove that the unsettled con
ditions prevented the working of the land
be exempted for the second year.
Lieutenant Steele with ten men of the
Forty-third Regiment and seven native
soldiers fought a fierce half-hour's en
gagement with a large force of Filipinos
at Tenaguna. island of Leyte, January 8,
which resulted in the killing of more than
100 insurgents. Private Edward McGugie
of Company M was killed.
The condition In the Island of Samar
Bince the arrival of troops has been quiet.
Lukban's forces are hiding.
Captures, arrests and seizures of arms
continue In the unpaclfled districts of the
isle of Luzon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— A cablegram
received to-day at the Navy Department
from Admiral Remey at Manila announces
the departure of the ship Solace for Guam
with ten Filipino political prisoners, de
ported by order of General MacArthur and
charged with having agitated the move
ments In the Philippines.
Commissioners Provide for Exemp
tion From Taxation of Land
Owners Not Implicated in
Insurrection.
Griorge T. Rict Chargtd
With Being a Dangerous
N Incendiary.
EDITOR MUST
LEAVE MANILA
.Ml of the Oil Land Within Twenty
Hiles of the Beaumont
• Gusher Has Been
Secured.
Epedal Dispatch to Tb« Call.
AUSTIN, Tex.. Jan. 24.— The recent
"bringing In" of the great oil gusher near
Beaumont and the demonstration that
That oil field promises to soon rival any
in the United States in point of produc
tion, together with the xurther evidence
that the Corsicana district Is growing
rapidly in the production of the product,
has rausefl a movement to be inaugurated
by the several private Individuals and in
dependent companies who have producing
c!I wells in Texas toward organizing a
combine with a view of shutting the
Standard Oil Company out of Texas en
tirely. Immediately upon the discovery
of the great oil well near Beaumont there
vap a rush of representatives of the Stan
dard OH Company to Jiat region, but they
found that ail the prospective oil lands
•within twenty miles of the gusher had
already been leased to representatives of
independent companies, many of whom
rushed from Corsieana to the new district
fi? Foon as word was obtained of the won
derful discovery. It is asserted that the
owners of the great gusher propose to
operate independently of th« Standard
Oil Company and that it was with that
view that a pipe line company was re
cently organized Jor the purpose of con
ducting the oil to Port Arthur, where the
product will be loaded on tnnk boats
ready for the markets of the world.
An independent company also proposes
to build a large oil refinery at Beaumont.
The refinery at Corsiran.'i as well aa the
pipe lines "in i he Corsicana district are
owned by th*> Standard Oil Company, but
it is proposed. If the present movement
looking to the consolidation of the inde
pendent companies is successful, to erect
e rival refinery in that field.
The representatives of the Standard Oil
Company since they w^re thut out of the
best oil "lands in the Beaumont district,
have pone into Grimes and other counties
•where there is ptronp evidence of the
presence of nil beneath the surface, and
obtained leases on many thousands of
ecres of land, which is to be thoroughly
prospected for <>!I.
Texas Operators Plan to Act
Indtpt ndently of the
Trust.
WILL SHUT OUT
STANDARD OIL
FAVORITE ACTRESS
WILL TOUR WORLD
FLORENCE ROBERTS, the favor
ite actress who has been achiev
ing artistic successes , by her per
formances at the Alcazar Thea
ter, will sail for Honolulu on Feb
ruary 23 and produce d number of plays
In that city under the management of
Belasco & Thall. She will be supported
by twenty well-known players, and the
scenery used in all the productions will
be the same as that utilized at the local
playhouse.
Frederick Belasco. one of the lessees of
the Alcazar and Central theaters, will
look aftqr the interests of the company.
He will leave for Honolulu on February 2.'
The company i3 to open at the ; Honolulu
Opera-house on March 5. The repertoire
consists of "Sapho," "Nell Gwynne," "A
Country Girl," "A Suit of Sable," "Ca
mllle," "Carmen," "Frou Frou," "Ingo
mar" and "Under Two Flags." •
Miss Juliet Crosby, the Alcazar favorite,
will accompany Miss Roberts on her long
journey and will appear in all the pro
ductions. At the reauest of the man
agement of the Honolulu Theater, Miss
Crosby will appear in David Belasco's
dramatization of John Luther Long's pa
thetic and beautiful story of "Madam
Butterfly."
The Belasco & Thall Company will re
main in Honolulu three weeks and upon
their return to this city will tour the
Northwest. At the close of the tour it
is the intention of Messrs. Belasco and
Thall to take their organization 6x\ a tour
of the world. They expect to sail from
Vancouver some time In April for China,
thence they will journey to India, Austra
lia and South Africa. At the close of the
tour the company will return to this city
and Miss Roberts will reopen at the Al
cazar in a new play by Charlotte Thomp
son, the author of "Nell Gwynne," "A
Suit of Sable" and other successes.
Mark Thall stated yesterday that the
company to be sent with Miss Roberts
will be composed of some of the cleverest
players now appearing In this city. All
are eager to go and the chosen ones are
busily engaged preparing for their long
journey.
Florence Roberts and Strong Company
Going Abroad for Plaudits and
DRIVES OUT WIFE
AND CHILDREN
Former Policeman Giorge
Lillie Runs Amuck and
Wrecks Mis Home.
Children Are Afflicted With Measles
and Exposure May Bring Seri
ous Results — Inhuman
Father Arrested. „
After Llllie was overcome by the police
officers" clubs he wa3 removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where Dr. McElroy
treated him for thr«e extensive lacera
tions of the scalp. The minor charge of
disturbing the peace was placed against
his name on the prison register.
Mrs. LIHie. fearing that her children
would be killed, grabbed the two suffering
with measles and carried them through
the co!d night air to the house of a
neighbor. The exposure, it is feared, may
result in dangerous complications.
Yells of distress cumin? from his hous*
in the early part of the evening e&Bari
the police to the place. Officers Fanning.
Lord and Lycett responded from the
North End station and when th»y Arrived
at Lillle'3 residence found th'at he hail
intrenched himself against all opposition.
Through the aid of one cf his children an
entrance was effected by jumping over a.
fence and going through a rear window.
Lillle was not In a disposition to be sub
dued. He ran after the officers with knife
in hand and was finally overcome in ths
hallway after a running nght through al!
the rooms. Blood wa<* everywhere, on
walls, floor and carpets, and the furniture
looked as if it liad passed through a
Galveston cyclone.
Lillle, since he was discharged from the
Receiving Hospital, has been working as
a plumber on the I'nlted States Govern
ment vessels leaving this port on short
tnps. His work ana conduct on the ves
sels were not satisfactory and he was dis
charged. Since then he has been at home
and has en different occasions made life
miserable for hia family.
George Lillle. a former police officer,
and for a time after being on the force
driver of the ambulance attached to the
Harbor Front Receiving Hospital, ran
amuck last night at his residence. 3022
Buchanan street, between Union and Fil
bert, drove his wife and two chil
dren, sick with measles, from the house
and proceeded to wreck the place until
subdued by the clubs of three police offi
cers.
HIS OWN LAWYER
DISBELIEVES HIM
Jim Yup Tries to Swear His
Way. Into America as a
Nativil Born. ¦':•?[
Poses as the Son 'of a Dead Man
and Then Says That His
Father Is Alive in
China.
The bureau reported unfavorably and
the Collector denied a landing. The bov
had given a different man as his father
and had said that his father was alive.
The case went before Judge Heacock on
habeas corpus, and the boy in trying to
cover up the discrepancies in his former
testimony told such an altogether differ
ent story that his attorney lost patience
and after referring to his client as a liar
asked that a commission in lunacy be ap
pointed to examine Into hi3 sanity. Judge
Heacock appointed Dr. John E. Gardiner
and David D. Jones, Chinese interpreters,
as the commission, with instructions t>.
report at an early date.
The speaker was William M. Gibson,
who is associated with G. W. Schell in
the attempt to land Jim Yup as a native
born. Jim arrived on the Coptic on De
cember 14 of last year, and* testified be
fore the Chinese Bureau that he was born
in 1880 in Oakdale, Stanislaus County, his
father being Yip Fong and his mother
a small-footed woman. He swore that his
father and mother took him to China
when he was two years old ond that hJ <
parents were alive in China at the present
time.
The friends of Jim Yup presented to the
bureau affidavits of C. S. S. Hill. Samuel
Coffin, W. A. Griffin and other respectable
and prominent citizens of the foothill
town to the effect that about twenty-one
years ago a Chinese merchant named
Shing Yup lived. in Oakdale with his wife,
a large-footed woman, and a son was
born to them in 1881 or 18S2. When the
son was two years old he was taken to
China by his parents. The father re
turned to Oakdale a year afterward and
died and was buried in Oakdale two years
afterward. The witnesses further swore
that the picture of the twenty-one year
old Jim Yup bore a strong family resem
blance -to their recollection of Shing Yup,
who died fifteen years ago.
The astounding phenomenon of an attor
ney for a Chinese immigrant denouncing
his client in open court as an unmitigated
liar was witnessed in Court Commissioner
Heacock's chambers yesterday morning.
"I desire to say to your Honor that my
client is the most unmitigated, wanton
and reckless liar I ever saw in my life."
tory Work.
The regular annual meeting cf the di
rectors of the California Girls' Training
School was held yesterday. The reports
of the officers show the work accom
plished during the last year was of the
most satisfactory nature, notwithstand
ing the out-of-the-way location of the
school and its woeful lack of necessary
accommodations. In the last year fifty
eight girls found shelter and instruction
in the school. An effort will be made
during the coming- year to raise funds
for the construction of a new school build
ing in a more convenient locality.
The entire support of the school is de
rived from the charity of individuals and
churches anjl the directors at the meet-
Ing yesterday adopted a resolution of
thanks to the various benefactors of the
institution — especially to those who have
contributed regularly daily, weekly and
monthly.
The officers elected for the ensuing term
were: President. Mr*. L. M. Howard: re
cording secretary. Mrs. Frances Gllley:
corresponding secretary. Mrs. L. H.
Jacobi; treasurer. Mrs. J. C. Mason: di
rectors—Mrs. Frances Gilley, Mrs. C. B.
Cheek. Mrs. F. J. Bachelor. Mrs. Marion
Irving. Mrs. E. S. Wilson. Mrs. D. J.
Walker. Mrs. G. K. Fitch, Mrs. W. J.
Gunn. Mrs. L. M. Howard. Mrs. L. H.
Jacobi and Mrs. J. C. Mason.
Reports Show the Institution Pros
perous and Doing Satisfac-
GIRLS' TRAINING SCHOOL
LACKS ACCOMMODATIONS
Captain A. H. Payson. .vice president of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company, appeared before
the Supervisors' Street Committee yester
day to urge favorable action on the com
pany's application for a permit to build
twelve tracks across Bryant street to con
nect with Its terminals. Captain Payson
stated that the tracks would be operated
at the pleasure of the Harbor Commis
sioners and the company would not ac
quire any rights or privileges under the
franchise. He directed attention to the'
large number of tracks of the Southern
Pacific Company which cross the road
way of Fourth street. Action on the ap
plication was postponed for one week.
The clerk was directed to communicate
with James L. Flood to ascertain if he in
tends to improve the old Baldwin Hotel
property. The order for the removal of
the fence thereon was postponed.
The .committee recommended that the
Mayor's veto of the ordinance regulating
the use of public streets for the purpose
of placing -therein pipes and other con
duits be sustained.
The Fire Committee referred the appli
cations x>t < the New England Soap Com
pany and the board of managers of the
Lane Hospital for permission to erect
tanks for storing oil to be used as fuel
under boilers to the fire marshal for ac
tion. The City Engineer wa3 directed to
investigate the petition of the North Cen
tral- Improvement Association for more
adequate fire protection in the downtown
district.
It was decided to prepare an ordinance
for the Inspection of gasoline engines by
the fire marshal once in every three
months.
San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company Urges
Favorable Action.
ASKS PERMIT TO BUTLD
ACROSS BRYANT STREET
She Demands a Divorce and He Seeks
* to Recover Thousands of ; .
Dollars.
Charles A. Anderson, the KlondP:*
capitalist, augmented his "multiplicity" of
suits against his wife. Grace M.Anderson,
yesterday by instituting another action
covering at least a portion of $G3.G(X>.
which, he alleges, he placed in her
hands in trust, but which, he claims, she
appropriated to her own use. Special in
terest is added to the suit by the fact
that shortly after lta filing Mrs. Ander
son coupled her husband as defendant
in an action for absolute divorce.
In her action for divorce Mrs. Ander
son alleges that since their marriage her
husband has treated her in a cruel and
Inhuman manner. Inflicting grievous
mental as well as physical abuse* upon
her. In addition to a decree of divorce,
she asks for a division of their property,
together with a Judgment for alimony.
Anderson in his suit repeats his alle
gation that he left J63.000 in his wife's
keeping, and has since been denied the
! pleasure of its use. The difference be
tween this action and others filed by
him is only technical, the object of this
suit being to close another channel
through which he believed' the money in
question might escape In event judgment
in the other suits filed by him went in
favor of his wife, the defendant.
— I
ANDERSON AND WIFE
EACH FILE A STJTT
An order for the arrest of Dr. William
H. Newell, the aged physician, now an in
mate of the Old 'People's Home at Pine
and Pierce streets, who is charged with
felony embezzlement by Frank D. Shel
don, as published in full in yesterday's
Call, was issued by Judge Sloss yesterday
morning. Sheldon filed his action for the
recovery of the $3000 he alleges Dr. Newell
embezzled from him, together with hla pe
tition for the arrest of the defendant.
Judge Sloss fortwith Issued the order
for Newell's arrest and it was placed In
the hands of the Sheriff for service. A
deputy sheriff was ordered to place
Newell under arrest and confine him in
the County Jail pending the further order
of the court, but 1 when the deputy called
at the Old People's Home he was In
formed that Newell had departed. Ef
forts were made in other directions to dis
cover him, but without success.
Judge Sloss directed that the order of
arrest be returned in his court Monday
morning, but present indications are that
a continuance will be taken in the case to
await the discovery of the whereabouts ot
the defendant.
Aged Physician Accused of Embez
zlement by Frank D. Sheldon
; Cannot Be Found.
COURT ORDERS ARREST
OF DR. W. H. NEWELL
Captain Nicholas T. Smith, treasurer of
the Southern Pacific and Market Street
Railway system, is seriously ill at
his home in San Carlos. He was taken
with a severe chill about ten days ago
which was followed by an attack of grip
and a complication of troubles. It was
stated at his office yesterday that he was
more comfortable, but he Is still a very
sick man. -. ':
Captain Nicholas T. Sraith Suffers
Bad Chill Which Is Followed
by Grip.
RAILROAD TREASURER
REPORTED VERT ILL
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Mary C. Levva from Chester J.
Levva for desertion. Jennettle Fraser
from Robert Fraser for cruelty. Mary C.
Smith from George C. Smith for willful
neglect and John Griffin from Addle Grif
fin for cruelty. Suits for divorce were
filed by Minnie A. Clark against Samuel
P. B. Clark for desertion. Catherlno Zirn
mer against John Zlmmer for cruelty,
George Burke against Alice Burke for de
sertion and Pauline Glesel against .Wil
liam J. Giesel for cruelty. The motion of
George F. Gray for an order modifying
a decree of" divorce granted his wire.
Madge Gray, and permitting; him to as
sume control of his minor children, was
argued before Judge Troutt yesterday and
continued until next week. The action
for divorce instituted by Carrie M. Crouch
against Benjamin F. Crouch is on trial
before Judge Troutt.
In the Divorce Court.
At a meeting of representatives of th«
lodges of Knights of Pythias in this city
and vicinity held Tuesday night a com
mittee of one from each lodge was ap
pointed to make arrangements to help re
ceive and properly entertain President
McKinley when he visits thia city in May
The following named weTe elected officers
of the general committee: W. H. Bod
fish of Damon Lodge, president; A. J. Lu
cas of California Lodge, vice president;
M. A. Samuels of Golden Gate Lodge, sec
retary, and Dr. A. S. Tuchier of Golden
City Lodge, treasurer. The commutes
will present a plan at its next meeting to
be held in Pythian Castle next Sunday.
Pythians and the President
The police yesterday Investigated a case
of destitution reported at the Seven
teenth-street station and found Mrs. Ellr
abeth G. Lane, residing at 10 Barner alley
a small street off Twenty-fourth, with her
four children, the oldest being but eight
years of age, suffering from lack of food.
The woman had been deserted by her
husband before the last child was born
and had been making strenuous efforts to
provide them with the necessaries of life,
but she was taken sick, and had It not
been for the kindness of neighbors would
have starved to- death.
Poor Woman in Need of Charity.
At the annual meeting of the Young
Men's Republican League of San Fran
cisco Clubs, held Wednesday evening, the
following officers were elected by ballot
for the ensuing year: President, Frank K.
Spencer: first vice president. Harold D.
Mitchell: second vice president. Frank E.
Cordea; secretary. Charles K. Holsman,
M. D.; assistant secretary, Edwin E.
Aubrey: treasurer, Edward T. Dudley;
sergeant at arms. George W. Hayden;
assistant sergeant at arms. William A.
Johns. The newly elected officers were
banqueted.
Resolutions were adopted commendlnsr
the action of the newspapers In exposing
the civil service scandals.
Young Republicans.
.Mrs. S."R. Howell. the mining woman
who became deranged at the Palace a few
days ago and who was taken to a private
sanitarium, has escaped from ' custody
and all attempts to locate her have prov
en futile. The police have been asked to
make a thorough search for her. Mrs.
Calhoun. her mother-in-law, has arrived
here from Chicago and is at the Palace
She declined to talk when seen last even
ing. The deranged woman's husband is
also said to be in the city.
Mrs. Hou-ell Disappears.
Edwin Lewis, knpwn as the "Major."
had his preliminary examination before
Judge Fritx yesterday afternoon on th*
charge of forgery and wu held to an
swer before the Superior Court In $3000
bonds. He was accused of forging thj
name' of Meyer Lewis to a deed convey
ing to Alexander Aronson a b.o«k of lan-1
in the neighborhood of Laurel. Jackson
and Washington streets belonging to the
Meyer Lewis estate. A strorur caj« waa
made out against htm.
"Major" Lewis Held to Answer.
Graham Again Ahead.
In the contest between Dalngerfleld and
Graham - for . the • Superior Judgeship the
latter gained enough votes yesterday and
last night to again place him in the lead
by four votes. There are yet forty-four
precincts to be counted.
Sp«dal tMspatoh to The Call.
PEKING, Jan. 24.— Germany has put
the screws on England with the result
that negotiations have retrograded. The
demand for the death penalty will be
preferred against all leaders mentioned
in the decree, in addition to posthumous
degradation for such anti-foreign lead
ens as have committed suicide.
Mr. Conger stated at a meeting of the
Ministers that he could not support the
demand if It should be made in writing,
but verballv he would do so with heart
and soul. This is the situation now and
will continue to be for six months or more
unless the American plan for a change of
venue finds acceptance.
Tung Fu Siang. whose head Is asked
for. disposes of more real power and
more troops than any other man in China.
Moreover, the Emperor is at present in
his custody, yet he is expected, with his
scribes and eunuchs, to overpower the
Kar.su army and behead its general.
Count von Waldereee is making osten
tatious preparations to leave, but his
evacuation Is not near. Possibly the de
mand will be refused by the Chinese.
Certainly they cannot comply with it.
Peace and tranquillity of the country are
farther away than ever. :
BERLIN* Jan. 24. — Count von Waider-
Fee. in a dispatch to the War Office from
Peking, January 21, says:
"There are many bands of robbers in
the province of Chili. The British lost
two men while engaging the robbers near
Shanhaikwan."
He alludes to three German columns
moving throughout the province.
PORTSMOUTH. Eng., Jan. 24.— It is
said here that the first-class battleships
Ocon and Canopus have been ordered to
hurry to Chinese waters from the Med
iterranean in connection with the dispute
with Russia over the Elliott and Blonde
islands.
LONDON. Jan. 25.— Dr. Morrison, in a
dispatch to the Times from Peking, com
plains that Great Britain had withdrawn
her protest in the Shanhaikwan rail
road affair, thus facilitating Russia's de
signs in Manchuria-
It Is Impossible for the Emperor
to Comply With the Demand
for Tung 1 Fu Slant's .
Execution.
Peaci in China Now Setms
Farther Away Than
Eyer.
COMPLICATIONS
IN THE ORIENT
THE SA^N FKA^UISCJU CAL.L., FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS,
THE ALCAZAR FAVORITE.
(Photo by Bushnell.)
NEGRO TRIES TO CUT
A WOMAN'S THROAT
Colored Barber Attempts to Kill Belle
Naylor, With Whom He Had
Been Living.
Belle Naylor, a colored woman, residing
at 231 Montgomery avenue, •was severely
cut about the neck and shoulders last
night by William Scott, a colored barber,
with whom she had been living. The
woman met Scott near her home and told
him she intended to leave him. Scott
grew angry and selling the woman threw
her down and attempted to cut her
throat. The arrival of Officers David and
Fowl© prevented the negro from killing
the .woman. He was taken to the Hall of
Justice and charged with an attempt to
commit murder. The woman was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where she de
clined treatment. - " .
• ? »
McKTNXEY EXECUTIVE
COMMITTEE APPOINTED
Irving M. Scott Announces Names of
Men Who Will Prepare for
President's Reception.
, In accordance with resolutions passed
at a meeting cf the citizens' committee
held at the Mayor's office January 22. Irv
ing M. Scott has appointed the following
named gentlemen to comprise the execu
tive committee which will make arrange
ments for the reception and entertain
ment of President McKinley and party,
who will visit this city In May:
Claus SDreckels. A. A. Watklns. Georsre A.
Newhall. Horace Davis, F. W. Dohrmann,
A. Sbarboro. R. H. Warfleld.' J. M. Cleaves
and P.' M. McCarthy.
It in announced that the President will
come to this city via the Southern Pa
ciflc's Sunset. houte. returning via Port-
Iand. . _¦ _ _ ¦ . *
SUPERINTENDENT WEBSTER
CANNOT BE REPRESENTED
Court Holds That Deputy Kingsbury
Has No Bight to Sit in Board
Meetings.
Superintendent of Schools 'Reginald HY
Webster is not entitled by ' law to dele
gate his official powers to his deputy, "W.
D. Kingsbury.i Judge Hunt handed down
an opinion yesterday In which he held
that Webster is not entitled to represen
tation in the meetings ¦ of the Board of
Education in the event of,, his absence.
Though he may delegate certain func
tions, to his deputy, the court holds that
the right to sit in meetings of the board
is not one iwhlch may be conferred upon
the deputy, and ¦ hence Superintendent
Webster's petition for a writ of mandate
to compel the recognition of Kingsbury
during, his : absence was denied. -
Teamsters Install Officers.
The Teamsters' and Draymen's , Union
have installed . the following- named , offi- ;
cers: President, D.; Keating: vice presi
dent," J." Stewart; treasurer. J. 1 S. French;
financial secretary. D.-FMtrgerald; record
ing : secretary. 1 wy : Dooly; sergeant-at
arms. C.vJ.-.Baine. V,- s ' 1
BOLD HOTEL THIEVES
ARE NEATLY CAUGHT
William White and George Lawrence
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
POSTTJM CEREAL-
STURDY BLACKSMITHS
Learn Facts About Coffee.
Two blacksmiths of Northampton,
Mas*.', Messrs. Thayer and McGrath, both
discovered that coffee was the cause of
heartburn and sour stomach continually
troubling them In spite of active exercise.-
They left off the coffee and began taking
Postum Food Coffee. The trouble disap-
peared at once, and both men are now :
er.thuF'.9Ft!r over Postum.
If powerful men like blacksmiths are
affect «»<1 by the drugs contained in ordin-
ary coffee it would Keem folly for brain
worker* to try to withstand the effects of
it.
Hiram Day, a man 75 years old, also of
Northampton, tad used coffee for a great
many years, and developed eerious bilious
troubles. A few months ago he left off
coffee and began using Postum Food Cof-
fee. He has recovered his health and con-
siders Poetum in every way superior to
ordinary coffee.
Edson P. Clark, also of Northampton,
Mass.. a pencil manufacturer, was trou-
bled with dyspepsia and kidney disorders.
He waa Induced to leave off coffee and us«
Postum Food Coffee In its place. He says
h* has never been as well in twenty-five
year* as he is- at present, and gives the
er.tire credit to Postum. ,;
Nearly every coffee' user is HI in some
part cf the body. Coffee does not directly
affect the same organ* in every man or
weman, but the effect Is first en the stom-
ach, and from that to the nervous eys-
tem. When the nerves are out of order
it may show In the different organs, like
the kidneys, liver, heart, lungs, bowels or
some other part of the body, or the trou-
ble may show itself in a general njrvous
and unbalanced condition. When coffee Is
dispensed with and nature begins to set
up a cure it is very greatly helped In this
work by the uee of Postum Food Coffee.
for it contains certain elements that the
life force uses to build up the cells and
the gr»y matter In the nerve center*. Any
person cen prove this same by trial.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANTJARYQ25, .1901.
10
BAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSXXESS OmCB of Tit Baa F^aactooo
Call, comer of Market and Third straets; open,
ur.tll 11 o'clock every night In the year.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 627 Moatcomery strMt,
oorner Clay; open until »:30 p. xn.
300 Bayes street; open ubIU >:S0 p. m.
CCS McAllister street; open, until 9:S0 p. m.
CIS Lerk'.n street; open until 9:30 p. xn.
1M1 Mleelon street: open until 10 p. m.
TL'l Market street, oorner Sixteenth; open
until t i>. no.
106 Eleventh street; open until * p. in.
Z.0A Valencia street; open until • p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
MKETUG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. •
T.. * Foot St.— Regular assembly THIS (gfljfK
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, jra
Order of the Temple. All fraters M
courteously Invited. By order of the •*
cozzixa&ader. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Reo.
APOLLO Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. F. rf**ffiS«v
—First <ierrte THIS (FRIDAY)
NIGHT, at i o'clcx-k. Members
and visit ore cordially invited.
February 1st. amendments to by-laws ooo-
tidertd. REMEMBER.
CHAS. E. PERRY. N. O.
W. P. yORCROSS. Reo. 6ec
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
er* of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
ben Fraacisco will be held at the offlce of
the company In the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Sfonturomery. Post and Mar-
ket »ts.. Ban Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY,
the 4th day cf February. 1901, at the hour of
. 2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to eerve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the company and the transaction of such
ether butlnes? a« may come before the meet-
Ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL rreeting— P.ejrular annual meeting of
the ttockfco!d»r« of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. ZTl Market et.. Ran Francisco. Cal..
en MONDAY, the 25th day of January. 1901.
at the hour of 31 o"clock e.. m.. for the pur-
pose of elect'r.s a Board of Directors to r-erve
for the »nsu;r.g year and the transaction of
euch other tiUrineEs as may come before the
me<Hlr.B. Transfer bookv will close on Thurs-
oay. JtLSUcry 37. KML. at S o'clock p. tn.
• E. H. gKELOON. Secretary.
TO the ctockbolders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Conimr.y, a corporation: Notice Is
hereby given tliat a per.eral meeting of the
stockholders ar.d members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corpcratlon. will be held at its
effiee and place of business. No. 1200 Market
rt.. In the city and county of San Francisco.
Ptate of California, en EATX'RDAY. the S6th
day of January. 1901. et the hour of '.I
o'clock m.. the object of said meeting being
the removal from efflce cf the fcllovrir.g
named directors of eald coporation. to wit:
C. H. Koehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhrman. an* that at
«»ch meeting it Is the Intention of the under-
elcn«d to propose the removal of each cf faid
directors, and al»o at Bald meetlnc the repeal,
amendmect and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
Pre*!d*Tit C. F. Kapp Company.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENT In every town; new Imported houss-
hold necessity; best thing on the coast.
Aggress Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
tTM> TO SyQ rer Ta^nth: men or women: salary
cr oorr.mii-«icn or both. ?Z7 Market tt.. r. 615.
ADOPTIOX.
HnALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DR^
FUN KB. 14 W Eighth Et.. Alamete.
ATTOJfXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no f>» without Fucc-P5s: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at Invr. S5T- Jlark-t. cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH, mlnlrs and probate law a
Specialty. Mills Mg.. r. 3. 4th nr. ; tel. Red 3618.
XDVICn free: no charge unless successful. TV.
W. DAVIPSON'. 22~ Market Ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Sprockets bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. : ror.s'jltatirm trc: no fees In advance.
ASPHALTIM UOOFIXG,
Z. PELTIER, aspnslt rocflng. Etdewalks re-
pa'.Twi: t>-.ftal. 11-6 Mission; tel. Folsora 1607.
BATH CABIXETS.
ELECTRIC^Ught bath caWnets to let and for
taie. ir.36 Point Lohos ave.
BOARDING FOR CIHLDKEX.
GIRL 12 cr 12 years old can have good home
with privilege of going to school In exchange
lor light services. Address N. H. L., Shell-
ville. f'cnotaa County.
GOOD home for Ftnall girl; object company:
2 in family. Address or call at 71EA Castro
«.. Oakland.
DISIM2SS CUAJSCES.
A— $500; CANDY and icecream parlor; rent $28;
a place wrtW years and doing a good busi-
ness; cwm-r compelled to leave cltv at once;
rare charsr-?. R. G, "WILKK. 26 1 * Kearny et.
A— tSJOO; CHOP house and oyster grotto: near
Emporium; rent $1^; leas*: dally receipts
$100. Particulars R. C. WILKH. 2C>.i Kearny.
A — SSOO; CO3'.. butcher shop, in northern p»rt of
city; rent t29; horse, car:; selling 4 cattle
ar,<5 cbout 1.". shetn per week: a cash custom.
Call R. G. TT1LKE. IC^ Kt-arny st.
A— ?S7>C: \VIXi: and liquor business In Oakland,
with apency for cne cf the lcrpest wineries
In the State; a rosiiriz bar trade and large
' route nt private customers : located on prin-
cipal ftrfct. Call R. G. W1LKE. 26Vs Kearny.
A — CM; THIRD Interest In laundry company;
<Jcli:c a flr-Ft-cl^s* bUFln«"E5: retiring partner
to I«ave for New York. Apply R. G. WILKE,
J(?t Kearny ft.
A — ON'E of the best ssJocns with commercial
Junch; close to Palace Hotel; rent ISO: owner
tick in ted; a. preat Fac-lflce; <m'« $509 cash
down n<~(2ea. It. (1. W1LKE. 2C^ Kearny s{.
A— tSOO: CORNER grocery and bar on Lang-ton
St.; rent $30; plac-e »-ftab. 10 years; must sell,
¦s owwr wants to r*tiro and give long lease
to right rarty. R. G. WIL.KE, 16^4 Kearny.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; eUpact fixtures: must
sell before February 1; ctiier must go north;
tritl given: eas-y terms: pee this bars&ln.
Apply to DECKER, 1<EO Market Et.
REETAI.'RANT for rale; fine location; dolnjr
a eood-raylr.;: business. H. C. DECKER,
1CI3 Market rt.
TO buy. sell cr exchange real estate, store or
business I'lace call on II. C. DECKER. 1020
MatfeCt £t. No charfie* fcr advertising.
PAHTXFK wa.nte<J In a lar^e, old •'established
rrnf!iab!<> business, controlling a good, Eafe.
roUA end rt-iiable tradr-; owing- to retirement
or fonr.cr manager owner has decided to sell
Hr Interest to an acceptable party; duties
will be the kToing of accounts and assist-
ing generally in the management of the busi-
nees; capita! required 15009 t« 110.000: fu'l
value In sicht; tx>r>ks ar.1 business open for
investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. C21 Market st.
1-TVAKTED — A good tenant for grand corner
store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
rror^ry business; sr<«clal Inducements. An-
Ply EI'ECK & CO.. CG7 Market et.
S?Cf>— PARTNER -rranted: can make J1C0 per
nv-mth: cnly good, active man need apply.
California EuEir.ei«s Aes'n. S66 Market et.
rW-PARTNER wanted: llpht business: 115 to
ty> a week each: no experience required; trial
given. S Geaj-y nt., room 2.
$<r.ft— LAtrXDRY route, with good horse and
wagon. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
rOR sale— An oM-e*tabl!shed laundry, com-
plete In all details; rood-paying route; to be
•ojd on account of eic^nees. F"or further par-
ticulars arply to MTtS. LOUISE SELDEL.
1010 Florida st.. Vaiicjo. Cal.
CT— TSir>n route on thia paper for sal*. Apply
Call Business OMce?
GENERAL merchandise etore for eale et In-
voice price for $2000; part down, balance on
eaey terms; 7 years established. Address
P. 0. box S, Brentwood, CaL
AA— MM: grand opportunity for lady or rvnt.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions
Waiting-room. 23d av«. station, E. Oakland.
PARTNER wanted— Wholesale ind retail es-
tablished pickle business j email capital re-
qulrod. Box UM. CaU. V
$80 WI\S SSO» per mouth. at races; references
given. Information Lyons. Wl Marktt, r. 4.
POOP ealooo for eale. Apply at <» Fourth rt.
COMPLETE grocer's outflt tor sal*. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama, sts.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for eale.
Apply business office.
JSrO—CORNER caloon; sunny living rooms-
must be sold before February 1. 654 Fxmrth.
FOR Sale— Restaurant doing: sood business;
present owner been there S years: «ale on ac-
count of leaving city. Box 1378. Call offlce.
f30fr-HALF interest In Job printing office; long
established; plenty work. 43! McAllister st.
WHITE Front ealoon for sale. &39 Washing-
ton et.: no agents: a good plaoe.^
A TVELL established eraa'4 Jewelry store at a
reasonable price. Call at 106 Eleventh et
A. BRA1CCH ofSlce for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions ham been MtabUahed at 1096
Valencia st. y
CHEAPEST end be«t la America— Th« TVtekly
Call. It pages, tent to any address la tt*
L'tltefl Btalea, ju»tpfcl<V tor fl per rear.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
M-ROOM houeeY clears $100: Pine st.!. $S50
16 rooms; north of Market st...... 750
60-room boarding-house; clears $300....... COM
10-room flat; downtown '. 500
14 rooms; on Mission st 600
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 each 2600
18 rooms; on Third st 111 600
46 rooms; fine corner: clears $J0».. S500
U rooms; on Geary st.; clear* $150 1800
W rooms; on Kearny st: clears $150 1600
S3 rooms; on Market st 1400
12 rooms; clears $75 450
600 others— Prices from $100 to 13.000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES-
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 7M.
WINDSOR HOTEL
By order from court we are authorized to sell
the Windsor Hotel, .corner Market and Fifth
sta., San Francisco, to the highest and best
bidder; contains 165 rooms; rent $600; long
leaee: fine business; nicely furnished. DAVIS
& RIVES. Columbian bldg.. 916 Market st.
19 ROOMB; newly furnished; payments.... $150
CS rooms: clears $300: will loan half 6500
10 rooms; very cheap; only $250 cash 600
$50,000 to loan at 1H p«r cent: tel. Main 128^
DAVI3 & RIVES, 916 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
suit all buyer* ; employ 5 persons who are
dally adding new houses to list; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyers;
bo fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms l-». M7 Market st. tel. Mint 1»U.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1028 Market st.
Telephone Mint 1591 ¦
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700
60 rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner 2* 00
SI rooms; worth $2500; reduced to 1300
SO rooms; corner (new); rent $65 1300
60 ROOMB; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
87 rooms; money-mak?r; near Market.... 1800
ID rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.. 950
16 rooms: Leavenworth: rent $57 50 PW
10 rooms, $450: 10 rooms, quick B50
FISHER Sz CO.. 1032 Market st.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
any Jjrice. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth st. -:-- - ;-
ANDREW PRICE & CO., SO Kearny St., room
6— Big bargain list in offlce; money loaned;
clear title: -houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE fc CO.. 30 Kearny St., rm.6.
18 RCOMS, $S00; $300 down, bal. 1%; good pay-
ing house: cause of selling, sickness; call to-
day. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market, room 1.
FOR *al<? — A 11-room house, well furnished;
piano: flrst-claes location: good paying house;
price $1000. Box 1S47, Call offlce.
jrr(v_;< ROOMS: fine location; well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BAEILE. S Eddy st.
16-ROOM lodging-house; nicely furnished; all
occupied ; cheap rent. Call- 251 Third ,st.
NEWLY furnished house 10 rooms: a sacrt-
flce; rent $20; good location. 637 Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., JVed.. Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
513 Eddy et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MRS. HARLAXD'S circle to-night; prophetio
tests, 10c; business readings, 50c, !L 148 6th.
CIRCLE to-night. R sharp, 10c; readings daily.
MME. MARQUISE, 6 Hyde St.. nr. McAllister.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister St., room 35;
circles to-flay, 2 and S p. in.; sittings dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p. m.;
60c. 10S9 Bush St.. near Leavenworth.
MR?. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; tests to all to-night: lOo.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally: circle every
eve., 10c, except Wed. ; devel. circle. 221 Turk,
MME. YOUNG, convincing test circle to-night.
605 McAllister Bt.; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
leadings daily, 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seajice Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, sifted spiritual medium,
bealer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers. 113*4 Oak. trance medium;
readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, A
THE FAMOUS
C'.alrvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently locatsd at 17 Third st, next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the > future. Xf you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied in life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mail; write for informa-
tion; 2Jc upr perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant aad palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the'
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional
and business men, to wives and lovers: follow
her advice and you will make no mistake.
1104 Market Bt-, corner Mason, room 28.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the -well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
truaranteed by ma.ll; rend stamp fcr pam-
phlet with ppeclal terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bora with double veil — second sight;
diagno:>es disease with life reading: ladles.oOc,
genta $1; palm, and clair. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 6. p. m.
MME. LAROPE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MRP. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. SCHAF7ER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
MRS. Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th ;Gerxnan spoken ; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. KABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
leaves; business advice. 1S04 Market, r. 21-32.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1148 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 313-557 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40i
CARPETP cleaned nt 3o per yard, laid at 60.
BTRATTOX'S. 8 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie- 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; teL Mission 74,
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
teL Main -394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 338 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale— Fine top buggy, piano box, rubber
tires, first-class condition; bargain. Inquire
Nevada Btables. Market et. opp. Seventh.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness ; wagons,
carts.. buggies, surreys, horses. . 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, tranlons, Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency^NoThargeun^
less sucoesefuL Room 810. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAlcrCLlNIC^ 809 Mar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty ; gold crowns,
$3 to up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays,, 9 to I
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. Se« our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 EO: fillings. 60c; plates.
15. full get; all work palnlesn and ¦warranted.
j Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
j wonderful eecret, painless method; 20. years'
i experience; no students; advice free; prices
: cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
j PR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
i —No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like. new;. teeth
from $8 per »et; extracting. EOc; gas given.
i DR. H. O. TRUEM AN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
, amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
; A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.. 1206 Market bC— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and bridgawork.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, epr.VBush—
; Full Bet of teeth, $4; crowns. $i; fillings. 25c
TAN VROOM— "Palnleoa" : evenings and Bna-
1 caj-a, 10C1 Market wC, corner glxtn.
DENTISTS.
THE New York Dentists have ( moved I to 969
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, COo. '
BET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st .-¦¦¦-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
' EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING f BCHOOL. sTfT ~ BU8nsfESi*lx>]£
LEGE, 1238 Market St.; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got portions. SAN FRANCISCO BU8I-
NES3 COLLEGE, 1236 Market St. .
AYREB' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses ; 154 positions secured for our students
during the pyt 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, U Post St.,
B. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,,
electrical and mining engineering, etc ; day
and night sessions; new 80- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford, professor. Phelan building.
CALDTORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract
and can "therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln at
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teaeh-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. r. 58.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct. 820 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. 1664.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT.. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
. porters' best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prao-
tlce. Merkl, reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc Prof. DeFlllppe' sAcademy
of languages, 320 Post; estab'dlE71; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish, 137 Mont'y. El M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible nous "cleaning co. ; est
1S70; practical recommend: try them:. removed
to 419 Devisadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Bt.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flcs; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 6183.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce: Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FE3IALE.
DANISH house girl and cook wants situation
In family near Halght st.. $20. $25. Phone
Main 1575, MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 333
Geary «t
WOMAN wishes place to assist with houRe-
work and care of children; $10 to $12. MRS.
NORTON, S18 Butter st
WELL educated business woman will assist
with general offlce -work a part of each day
In return for desk room and use of typewriter.
Box 133S, Call offlce. - ¦ - . ¦
A GERMAN lady with a girl of 7 wishes situa^
tlon as cook or housekeeper; city or country.
8259 Sacramento fit.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced young
lady as seamstress; willing to assist with
other' work. 1211 MUslon St., near Ninth.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do house-
work and cooking In small family. RUBIE,
23% Sixth st, room 10.
YOUNG woman wishes to go out by the day
washing or Ironing. Please call or address 141
Hawthorn* st, bet FolBom and Harrison.
BY competent nurse. Invalid or any kind of
nursing; good cook and housekeeper. Address
Nurse, 620 Van Ness ave. ,
DRESSMAKER wishes more engagements;
city or country: $1 W per day. Address Z.,
box 1337. Call office.
SINGLE woman wishes situation as cook; good
baker. -161 Seventh Et.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation; flrst-
clafa cook; good references. Box 1357, Call.
A GIRL from the East wishes a position as a
seamstress or chambermaid or general house-
work In a small family. Call or address
25SH Tehama at .
MIDDLE-AGED 'woman wishes situation as
housekeeper; small family; wages no object.
Box 1393. Call. .
EASTERN girl wishes a situation in a small
American family of adults. 26 Antonla »t.,
off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
A YOUNG woman with a small child wishes a
place as working housekeeper. 8 Seventh st.
AN experienced and neat sewer wants work
In shop. Apply 312 H Eighth st.
LADY, age SO, would like position as house-
keeper in city. Address box 1391, Call office;
no triflers.
YOUNG lady wants typewriting at home. Ad-
dress L. N., j box 803, Berkeley.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Ma£
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 E>0 night. $1 50 to M
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. %
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER and all round mechanic and elec-
trician. No. 1 city and country references,
would like position in healthy locality; saw-
mill, mines or oountry town, preferred. Ad-
dress E. B. H., 1124 Thirteenth ave., East
Oakland.
YOUNG married man, small business, desires
position In wholesale dear, crocery or sta-
tionery house. I Address box C, Call branch,
300 Hayes st. .
WANTED— Position as expert bookkeeper and
accountant by a university graduate. Ad-
dress .R. J. G. WOODWARD, general de-
livery, P. O., City.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work on a gen-
tleman's place; good references from last
place. Box 1334, Call.
CARPENTER, good workman, who Is also a
practical house painter and glazier, wants
¦work on ranch or country place; single; mid-
dle-aged and of steady habits; has good out-
fit of tools; price moderate. Box "1349, Call
Offlce.
SITUATION wanted by strong, honest man of
good habits: no objection to Mexico or South
America. Box 1377, Call offlce. .
FIRST-CLASS mice blacksmith and tool
sharpener or general Jobber wants position;
references given If required. Address box
1290, CaU. . ¦ - ¦ . . .
BARTENDER. • German, would like position;
city or country; best of references. Address
Q. M.. 1104 Larkln st • ;-
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer wants posi-
tion In a hotel; references for first-class work;
email wages. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st.
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er in gen. mdse. store In country by reliable
American; «lnsle: 30 yrs. age; 12 yrs. experl-
ence; good refs. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
RELIABLE industrious gardener wants posi-
tion as coachman: ; can milk; general work;
private place; references; city or country.
Box 12S2. Call, of flee.
SITUATION wanted by a first -class German
gardener; sood propagator v~»i can take care
of horBes. Address Gan*'._-.', box lies, Call.
ENGINEER wants situation to run gasoline en-
gine. Box 1S0S, Call. ; • . ... --.- -¦- J ,-" ;
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy at
housework. . ¦ O. ; H., 22 .Prospect place. ",
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia street. . > ¦ ¦ ¦-:'.'.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
1 their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary .process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 ; Stevenson st. :.--,.
FOR SALE OR: EXCHANGE. .
FOR sale or exchange for San : Francisco or
Oakland property— 20 •, acres ; near "Applegate,
. Placer County: . highly Improved and ; In per-
fect condition: entirely fenced; complete Irri-
gation - system; ,' new modern villa, - 6 ¦ rooms
and bath; barn,- hones,- cows. Implements,
etc ; must be told - at : one* oa \ account , of
death of owner and impossibility of properly
caring for property. " HERON ft HOLCOMB,
1060 Broadway. Oakland. ..,..:.-
PLATS TO LET.
TO let — New flats on Buchanan sL, between
McAllister • and Golden - Gate ave. ; 5 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 100*
McAllister Bt. Apply G. H, UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st,
$10— COTTAGE of three sunny room*. 134 Rose
ave. ; 1H blocks from Market st, bet Gough
and Octavla. ••.'..-¦ <"
B R?. H V, 12< £ H ~ F1 * t of 4 rooms; rent $10; Apply
1218 Bugh st. basement, up garden. '
MODERN flat; 8 rooms bath; good order. 1123
Howard st. near Seventh. , *
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FPRSITURB FOR. SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 1 rooms uA kitohen,
glassware and crockery Included; in good
condition. Box 13S5, Call offlce.
A BARGAIN in furniture and location; flva-
roora cottage furnished; rent $8; roomer pays
$8. At 125 Lundy lane, S. F.
FINE B-room flat, completely furnished; two
bedroom sets; good furniture and carpets.
Call 11 to 3, no dealers, 1411 Mason st.
4 ROOMS furnished' in oak $4S 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED. 1
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture &. furn'd houses bought: Bpot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Bt. ; tel. Jessie 781.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for Eecond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1S54."
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.'.'. . .Tphon'e Main 1575
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 more waitresses, Los Angeles, $20, special
rates
. 2 waitresses, country, |22 SO; j waitresses,
city and country, JUO; 4 chambermaids to
wait $20; chambermaid, $18; lunch and din-
ner waitress, $20. . » ' "
••••••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small family, $S0; cook, small Ameri-
can family, Santa Cruz, $25, fare paid, aee
party here 10:20; 5 house girls, $20, $25. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
AT C. RAHANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 waitresses, Los Angeles.... $30, rate tickets
Waitress, Arizona $20, free fare
Waitress, Fresno fare advanced
Waitresses, Holllster, Hopland $20
6 head waitresses $25 and $30
4 waitresses, city $20
¦2 chambermaids to wait
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
German chambermaid for private family.. $23
Cooks, houseglrls. second girls, nurse girls.
Cook for 8 people fare paia
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, Institution, $30; BOO housegirls, 50 sep-
ond girls, 25 cooks, 10 nurseglrls, good wages.
I MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ¦
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 13.
Waitresses, city hotels. $20.
WANTED— Competent girl tor general house-
- work; small family; wages $20. Call 2515
Broadway, near Scott
A FEW experienced operators, and also girla
for Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fao-
tory. cor. Gough and Grove, sts.
WANTED— Milliner; first-class head trimmer;
state experience, reference and salary ex-
pected. Box 1336, Call offlce. :
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and as-
sist In housework; small family; good wages.
2C27 California at.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; 4" in
family; $25. 3740 'Twenty-fifth st, corner
Fair Oaks.
GIRL for light housework. Call 1000 Noe st.
- corner Twenty-third.
: WANTED— Girl tor general housework and
j plain cooking. 3C5 Bcott st.
WANTED— A good llrst-claes waitress at 804
Mason st; wages $7 a week.
MACHINE operators wanted at Busby's Glove
Factory, 207 Sacramento st.
A NEAT servant girl Tor light housework.
1060 Capp st.
WANTED— Neat young girl; light housekeep'
Ing; good home; $12. 4038 Seventeenth at.
\ > =
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Cp.'s overall factory, 82H Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
S -. ¦ . -,
{ GIRLS of 13 to 16 years of age to wind yarn,
to learn, to knit and to finish goods. Apply
to J. J.>PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Folk
st. San Francisco, Cal.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
¦ chines on shirts and overalls, at GREENE-
DAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS. 531 MUslon.
WANTED— Experienced paper box makers.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS corset canvassers; commission.
130 Powell at.; afternoon.
WANTED— Services of an experienced business
woman. Address Traveler, box 1382, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework.
716 Franklin at, near Golden Gate ave.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoelved at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fi.'lmore st.
A BRANCH offlce fo'r Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. ¦
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.' S . . Phone Grant 185
Gang of Railroad Laborers.
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
4 lumber pliers and graders, $2 a day; 2
Swiss milkers, south, $30; man and wife, pri-
vate family, see party here.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and assistant institution, $55; fry
cooks, broilers, $45 and $50; second cook, $60;
right cook, $8 a week; head. cook, country
hotel, fare advanced, $50; apprentice cook for
large country hotel, one who has had experi-
ence In kitchen cold meat room, $30, found '
and fare; upstairs porter who can hang cur-
talns-for hotel, $25; bellman with references,
$30; small bellboys, $8. $10 and $12; waiters,
city and country, $25 to $40; v pot washer i who
speaks French, $30; marker, country laundry.
$30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary st.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A, M. TO-DAY
Carpenter, city Job, call early. .$52 and found
Ranch blacksmith $40 and found
Tank maker ." I.Choreboys
Man and wife, private place. ...$40 and found
Butter-maker and milker 4 farm hands
WOODCHOPPERS TIEM AKER3
Grocery clerk, city experience.. $8 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED ; ,
Carpenter, finishing, long job, $3 50 a day;
fanner for orchard, $40; fanner and wife,
light place for wife, $30; milk wagon driver.
$23 and found; 2 woodchoppers. $1 50 a cord;
German- man about place, $25; pruner and"
steady work on vineyard, $20 to $25; 2 tin-
emlths, $3 a day; milkers. $25 and $27 50: Eu-
ropean married vlneyardlrt, $30 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
A— 1 UPHOLSTERER. 1 sticker hand; non-
', union; no office fees. Mechanics' Reglstra-
tlon Bureau. 410 Kearny Bt.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel.. Folsom 1883. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' ' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SHOE SALESMAN.
SHOE SALESMAN.
Old-established house wants experienced
talesman to sell well-advertised line of boots
and shoes. Liberal commission. Good terri-
tory. Address, with reference. Box 2229.
Boston, Mass. ' ¦• -. ¦
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced chicken
man to run chicken ranch on shares, or
would sell out and rent place, .Address
Owner, box 1331. Call office. '¦ *¦ -" ' - - ¦
ERIGHT, Intelligent young- man, 13 to SO years
of age^ f or offlce work; salary to commence
$30. Box J346, Call of flee.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In plain cash
business; -will pay $15 to $13 per week; $125
cash required. 1016 Market St.. room |0;
BOY wanted at BUSBY'S glove factory. 207
Sacramento st. . • . - •
TA BLB cutter wanted at BUSBY'S glove fac-
; tory. ¦ 207 Sacramento st; steady, work.
BOY wanted. J LEVI . STRAUSS & CO., 86ft
¦Fremont 1 st ¦ , >
WANTED— Porter at BRETT'S cafe, 810 Mont-
gomery st.; experience necessary*. . -/ . <¦ "
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to EOc. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.* ;
COATMAKER wanted " at < 520 I ¦ Kearny St.,
, -room 1. :' .¦ ..-.¦• .. - .•¦; -.. ..". . ., ¦..--.: .7 .
627 BROADWAY, near Montgomery ave.— Bar-
bers wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
WANTED— 2 lunch - waiters at : - 618 Sixth. St. .'
WANTED— 2 good ' barbers for Saturday. 797
; Mission \ st. . '
WANTED— Bright boy 16 • years - old to . learn
: good trade. ¦• 13 Trinity it "~lC£jHKm^K!tV^
WANTED— Firat-class taxidermist; : - state ex-
perience and wage*. 'Address Box 1833. Call.
1 CUtHWAKFTnTl -wanted at 422 Sfcctfc it, -..'
HELP WANTED-M ALB.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and $5; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In height; able to read, write and
•peak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. > San Francisco. Cal.
MEN -OR WOMEN.....'.
.........Paid Big Commissions...
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY, 21 Epear st. . .
COLORED boy; short hours; light work; apply
early. . SMITH. Polk and Bush sts. * - : -
ONE-CSAIR barbershop; fine business; awful
cheap. Apply corner Turk and FUlmore sts.
A— HONEST man wanted to take interest In
real estate' and business agency: must have
$150; can make good wages. 90S Market r. 8.
BARBER shop and baths; central location;
fine paying business; must be sold at once on
account of departure; sacrificed. ¦ Box 1350,
Call office,
BARBERS, attention— First-class barber shop:
choice location; Market st. ; E chairs; newly-
fitted up; good trade; no agts. Box 1240, Call.
COMPLETE outflt for barber shop; 2 chairs.
CaU at 3152 Sixteenth st. '
2-CHAIR barber shop for eale ; object of sell-
ing, going to Bakersfield. 105 Ninth st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver* House, 217 Third St.: 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; SI to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between S and
9 a. in. at 2)2 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C62 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY to learn printing trade thoroughly; one
with experience , preferred. . Box 1356, Call.
COAT basters and coat finishers. 24 Hayes st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. 741A Howard St. .
GENT to "solicit for a new and popular Jour-
nal. Apply 519 Filbert st. /
A STRONG- boy to be useful In retail store;
wages $5. Box 13S8. Call offlce. , • ¦
WANTED — Two good trunk makers. D. D.
WHITNEY, Los Angelea, Cal. ¦ ¦ '
C1GARMAKERS. 328 Bush St., third floor,
room 4. ¦ . •
BARBERS' complete 3-chalr outfit for sale
cheap. Apply 902 Larkln st , '
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15o and
20c Boston House, 930 Howard St.
PF.NSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world.- HERMAN'S, 26 Eteuart
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry." -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eutscrtptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia -st. .
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles, pTle«T^ver~200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth et; auction sales every Wednesday.
. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale at a sacrifice on account of not hav-
ing stable room, team of standard bred bay
maree, -2-seated surrey and harness. Inquire
P. O. box 141. San Rafael, Cal. "¦'
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harness In good order, for sale (heap. STAN-
LY MAYALL, G126 Kearny Et..< S. F. . -
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st. %
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
GROVE, 825— House of 9 sunny rooms; modern
improvements. Apply 823 Grove st.
SUNNY corner; 8 rooms and bath, yard,*etc. :
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st and
San Jose ave., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
6 ROOMS, bath and basement; 14 Reed st:
rent $15. Apply at 1325 Washington st.
i!vVJ HO^IJSECLEAXIXG.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1890;
. removed to 419 Devlsadero St., tel. Fell 138.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND; teaches hypnotism & ma;-
netlc healing for $5; five lessons. 997 Market.
..LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A brown water spaniel dog Sunday at
122 Utah St., with white spot on breast and
sore ear; liberal reward. Return to 122
Utah st.
LOST— On Flllmore st. bet. Halght and Oak"
a pair of gold eyeglasses, with chain. Re-
turn to 21 Spear St.; reward.
LOST— January 24, small silver cross; valuable
¦only to owner through associations. Box
1341. Call office. -
LOST— Certificate No. 876 for 15 shares of capl-
. tal stock of The National Ice Co., standing in
the name of J. H. and M. Knief. Finder
will please return same to The National Ice
Co.. 327 Market: reward. ¦
LOST— A sunburst pin, diamond, surrounded
by pearls, Frl. eve., Jan. 18, at Cotillion
¦ Hall or on Bush, bet Octavla and Polk; lib-
*eral reward. Return 1707 Bush St. ,
LOST — Pair opera glasses, in fair leather case
' (Warner & Swasey make), between Sutter
st. and Cliff House. Return to Cliff House
and receive $5 reward.
LOST— A pair of gold lorgnettes on Jackson.
Buchanan* or' Pacific ave. Return to 1817
JacJtson St.; suitable reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog; tag No. 36S7.
Reward at .500 Minnesota st. .
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MATTUESSES AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWsT^eT?^outh ; 792?
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and . hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKB BROS.. 31S and 320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL. "
DR. G. W. O*DONNELL, moved to 1018 Market.
/opp. 5th; world-renowfled ladles' specialist;
uafe, reliable: practiced In San •Francisco* for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
frae. After all others fall call' on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market st. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5: positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. PR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. V., a
cure guaranteed: $5 at office; have cured thou-
gandg of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. -WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce, JE; any aliment; home for patients ;con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
HR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 33 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; . ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, clr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; eafe and sure cure. $5; best care; low
fees ; when all : others fail consult free. "
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA . TOUR, ladles*
. specialists;* new process; sure cure; no medi-
' cine ;every woman her own physician. 823Keamy
MRS. DR. ; G vv X KU, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. E04 Bddy et *
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herba;
advice free.- 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
;¦., '¦¦-.; MINES AND MINING. ~
LEARN" something this week about Montexuma
I copper; I we;il : give you Information. . AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO.; selling
: agents,' «310 Safe Deposit building, S. F.
ONE-QUARTER interest in 5 placer claims
(Trinity . County) for $700; : money to go for-
equipment. ¦ etc. Box 13S4. .Call offlce. .
""MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAIiB.
BOILERS, engines, Sd-hand machinery. . Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars,' mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum. ; new and second-hand ; we . always
'have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
'32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything 'ln-14 1 hours. J.
; NOONAN. 1017, 1019/, 1021. 1023 , Mission st,
above Sixth; , TSTite , for catalogue."
BUT ai brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$6 per month;: write for ' catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER. HXCHAJTGE.- 408 • California
et; rentals^ new machines, $3 per month.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE!.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. iis Spear st.
AN elegant 5-stone diamond ring, a beauty, for
only $40; former price $S0. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave.
SALOON and fixtures; Georgia st. In Vallejo;
rare chance; party changing business; no
agents. - St. Germain Billiard Co.. 409 Market.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
FOR SALE — A good mastiff watchdog. Ad-
dress C. P. CHKISTENSEN, Santa Rosa. Cal.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at a bargain. 634 Mission st.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.. sell
at low figures all makes Sd-hand typewriters.
GASOLINE engines, new & Sd-hand: all sizes;
cheap;, guaranteed. NEWELL, E3 Bluxome.
NINE weeks' old cocker pups; black and red;
champion stock. ROBINSON, 1S23 Turk st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Cc
ID-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 61S Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 189 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131«Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. .109-111 Market st, San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, brlc-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Sixth st. ; phone Jessie 14L
BOWS Si arrows. Woman's Archery Club. Unl-
verslty of Cal. Box 2077. Call office, Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. SUverman. 934 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
w^ rrBD -UprtSht piano for cash. H. L.'
WIIITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MOXEV TO LOA.%.
¦*¦— MONEY to loan at rates which people can.
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
andyou will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market at.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
1 Interest in Estates
......Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and slzea
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, id and 3d mort-
gages. undivided Interest, real. estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies ; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, privat* place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamor^s. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S48 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A — $3C0,00O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tiaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture. • pianos; no removal: monej
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2
LOANS, lat or 2d mtga; city, country: 6%: undl.
vided Ints.; estates. HARPER, 837 Parrott big
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3S8 Parrott build
Ing; men can secure loans on personal notes
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan
THE TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
MONEY" to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market st. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note withoo
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building
TO salaried people without collateral or In
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelart big
BIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
raTcKERiNo^^ ...^...?.^.. J .:..... ...:...::.„ $7"
Great Union 9
Halnes Bros 10
Hallett & Davis *...... 13
-Sherwood & Son 15
Kramer Bros IS
Benrlder '. 19
Arion 19
Schiedemeyer .......'....,.. 13
Sterling K
Curtaz ; !4
Standard ! 33
Conover 23*
Easy payments If desired. It will p»y yot
, to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. UO'Farrel
»t. Checkering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Ga.'a wltt
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the besi
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
$(S per month. We offer to sell some pood
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter «ts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. uaJt-
land. . . ; ,
A NOVELLA upright J«
Weber v . *¦ •ZzirrSS,
Two Heines *3W- »**
Three Steinways »50» $275. t3X
30 a new "at ' $152! " j HEINE PIANO 'CO..
217 Geary st., agents Hallet-Davis, oldest
exclusive, most famous piano In existence.
Our rent contract— you have privilege to ex-
change piano if not satisfied. Old pianos
taken In exchange, Hallet-Davis prefer-
red. HEINE PIAN'O CO.. 217 Geary st
THE Zeno Mauvais Music Co.. 769 Market St.
are offering the best barsalns In pianos that
are to be found In this city. They offer nne
Decker & Son. Packard. Baumeister, Straube.
Gilmore or Arlington, at lowest prices and
allow you to pay In small Installments If you
prefer. Any piano sold will be taken In ex-
change for a Decker at any .time Second-
hand Instruments at special bargains always
on hand. . x
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
weit of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. M.
29 and 30 O'Farrell st : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. ¦
WAJJTED-To rent, upright piano, in Berke-
ley; state terms. Box 1379, Call offlce.
ON sale— $2S5: Hallet-Davis upright; cost $875.
» Rcom 38, 217 Geary St.
HI0H-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post
FOR sale or rent— A fine upright piano; terms
moderate. 858 Mission St. '__
BARGAIN— Must be aold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 218 McAllUtar st.
ELEGANT 3-pedal uprirht: sacrifice: leaving
city; standard make. . 82* Golden Gata ave.
A CLEARING out sal* of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market at-
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gable? and Spellman pianos. 808 Post
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $1SO. BRUENN. 208 Post st
S-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission tt
AT KEKFFE*8. 933 Market *t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shontngar agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $J per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. E60 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. • H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— The Weekly
" Call. 16 pages. 6ent to any \ address la th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
po'ftagp paid. ¦ '
OFFICES XSXi STOBES^TO X/ET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. : occupied as grocery and . bar , for past
SO years; r*nt $20: water free.. Apply to G.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. _
NEW store, 4 rooms, bath, yard; splendid lo-
cation for grocery xr butcher, pork, produce,
delicacy business. Apply 290 Crescent ave. „ ~
SMALL store: -central location: cheap rent; S
living rooms; large yard. 409 Sutter »t.
OIL LA.VD8 FOR SALE. «
20 OR 40 acres for sale in 24— 2S— 27, Kern Rlver
OU District: a grand chance for a company If
taken Immediately. J.. S. EWEN, 123 Call-
¦ torn la St.* room 407. San • Francisco. Cal.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. k!
Newton* Caress * Soznav r. 154, Ch™^ r j^
OIL. _
OCClDEtNTAL Exploration Co. buys, develop-,
exploits and sells oil lands; has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern caplt-l »»
proved fields; communications confidential. K.
H. Han-man. Sec.. 8th floor, r. IS, Mills bldg. -
INCORPORATOR3— Mining and oil companl-S
Incorporated and books opened for same; cor-
poration books exported: highest refarencea
given. W. C. STADTFELP. r. 67. Nevada blk.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL BXCH-OIGB.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil land: J3 to J3000 per acre. W.
C HAMILTON, g Flood .gliding.
' PAIXTEnS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen ft Bath. JOS Sixth at.: open even1n_».
palmisthy.
MRS. BALDWIN, late of the Chiroloslcal Col-
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school ia
this city: scientific palmistry taught; read-
ings: hours 10-12 and 1-5. 309 Powell st.
Arrived— Prof. A. Myers, the celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation fl.
.1425 Mission, nr. 11th: 10 to 12m. 2 to 6 p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmUt. 5U
Taylor at., bet. Geary and Post: tet. Black 5g_
PATENTS AXD PEA'SIOXS.
ADVICE fr*_; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Kxamlner bis.
PERSONALS.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 70O rooms:
23c to $l 5a per night: fl 50 to J8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE suits-. $10; dress pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— » £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. CO Kearny st.. near Pine. ¦
WHY guess? You are- certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. »2 25. EASTERN OUTF1TTINO
CO.. 1310-131- Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer, has returned
and will be glad to see old patients: head
troubles; weak eyes. 843 McAllister st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY. 3o7 Jessie st.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful Investiga-
tor; low rates. Box 139S, Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes.- play books.- wigs;
country orders. 'KJLDSTEIN Sc. CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Its natural color: U: at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C CDONNELL-Offle^ and residence^
ICilH Market st. between Sixth and Sevpnth.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
NORTH of the Park and not far out. cholc-
lots: graded; ready for building; streets
graded, macadamised and sewered; electric-
ity, gas and water ready to turn on;, cable
cars pass in front every few minutes: also
the Geary-st. cars within 240 feet: thre-
frontages to select from; north side A St..
west sida Sixth ave.. east side Seventh ave.:
sizes 25x100 and 25x120; the cheapest lots la
the city. Think of it! $6_> to $560 each:
easy payments; first Installment $_>: about
six years ago these lots were appraised in
the Probate Court at t900 each: purchasers
can have use of abstract of title prepared!
by Simpson & Millar; no expense for deeds,
contracts of sale or notary fees; any sav-
ings bank will lend a large portion of th«
purchase money: they are the cream of
Richmond property; the attention of build-
ers, contractors and carpenters is called to
these lots because they are choice, well lo-
cated, easy of access and very cheap: house.*
would sell long before they were finished: to
those under salaries who have ambition to
live in their own home and save money tha
opportunity is offered. W. J. GUXN. G30
California st., between Montgomery and
Kearny.
IK you have property north of the Park and.
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. E30 California st.
CALL on W. J. GTJNN and purchase one or
two of those very choice lota in ¦Hichmcnd
that are being sold sa cheap, with the cable
cars passing In front and within 240 ft of th»
Geary-st. cars: why yon can almost borrow
the- amount of the purchase money In any
. savings bank. The lots are graded and all
the street work Is done. You can pay cash
or in easy Installments. So far all the lots
sold have been for cash, a few days more, as
more lota are sold, up win jro the prices tor
the few left. "W. J. OUNN". SJO California St..
between Montgomery and Kearny.
FOR Sale— An exceptional bargain In that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date residence. 773 Cola
St.: new; elegantly decorated: open daily.
MODERN houses built; Icwest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call IS paces, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY — For S_.l_
A "SNAP" — Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to sacrifice at half actual value 72** acres
(might subdivide) very best land and location
In the "lovely Napa Valley." adjoining R. R.
station, near Napa City and steamer landing,
within free mall delivery: ail highly c_!tivat-
ed level loam, now In crop; not Inch of waste;
unequaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home:
has rented for $19 acre: offered for $60; could
not buy adjoining land for less than $150.
REMEMBER — I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agents in S. F. ; 3000
ranches on my Us?. State what's wanted;
and get reliable descriptions of bargains. /
N. D. STCKELS. the Land Agent. S Geary st.
M. GRIFFIN, 713 Market st. sells and ex-
changes city and country realty; prtntefl
lists: Sonoma. Santa Clara. Shasta and Ml
other counties. _ -.- '¦: -. - ¦
FOR rent — Profitable fruit and hay ranch, near
city; cash or shares. D. S.. box 1339. Call.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th* ,
United State* or Canada or* year for $1.
HEAL ESTATE WASTED.
CITY property; wlli~pay "good Interest on
110.000; owners only. Box 1344. Call.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE^ "
TO EXCHANGE— Two (2) choice building lots
ln Oakland for Tacoma or Seattle property.
C P. CCRTISS, 1104 Pacific ave.. Tacoma,
Wash. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
————————————— —___—__ _ _ — ——____ — ___^__
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES FOR RENT. — — — ~~
$9 — 4 rooms and bath. $12— « rooms.
M8 — « rooms, etc. S22 — 7 rooms. '
S33 — 7 rooms, etc $25 — 8 rooms.
ISO— 12 rooms, etc. $30—3 rooms, modern.
FOR SALE.
$1100— Cottage of 6 rooms. ¦ , .
I130O— H0U3* of 7 rooms.
11500— Store and living rooms.
12700 — 7-room cottage; lot 59x130; Morton 9ta»
EXCHANGE.
1(0 acres: Lake County; living rprings and
running water: plenty of timber; near school.
200 acres: Mendoclno County; heavily tim-
bered; springs and running water.
to acres; all tn choice fruit: Vacarllle
CHAS. APAM9 & CO.. Bay Sta.. Alameda.
IV yon want cheap lots w« have them— 33xino.
oorner. 1300. terms: 25x108 ($250). $40 eaah. HO
per month; offer wanted for choice new hous«
of 8 rooms. J. H. YOUXO, Builder. 1343 Park.
ALAMEDA ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
WE offer elegant sufte of rooms and board tn
select private home In Alameda to refined
conple; references required. Box >83. CalL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEHKEtET REAL ESTATE.
B-ROOMED bay-wtn2oir cottar*, bath; mantle.'
Cne well, tank and wtndmHl: lot 40x133; S
minutes' walk to station: this plac« cost
$2100; owner going away; will sell for $1500:
$20 cash, balance $15 monthly: now Is your
chance to buy a fine home cheap and p*y for
same as rent. OELLKKICH St PERKINS.
NEW 4-room bay-window cottage: hall. bath,
large pantry, high banement: electric wired:
right up to date; right at .railroad depot and
electric cars, stores, churches and schools;
fine well, tank and frame; lot 50x100; this
Is cheap; going at S1600; terms to suit;
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station.
QTTT.T.y.TtlCH A PERKINS. r
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY..
OAKLAND FVRXITERB FOR SALES.
AN Introduction to ynu from H. ScJs»lUx*a*. tc»ARRIVED,
Thursday. January 24.'
Schr Bertha Dolbeer, Mattlson. 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Veca, Erratt, 7 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Mayflower. Olsen. 6 days from Coquille
River."- - - ¦- ¦-.¦¦¦.. . ¦¦-¦ - • -
SAILED. *«3i!
: .':='¦•; Thursday, January 24. „
Stmr South Portland, .
Etmr ' Coronado. .
" MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr Chas R Wilson dragged her anchor and
collided with Br ship Montgomeryshire. Parted
by tug Sea King. Damage unknown.
. DOMESTIC : PORTS.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived Jan 24— Schr
Alcalde, from : San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 24— Schr Sailor
Boy.- for. San Francisco. < » , -
~ ". OCEAN "STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Lahn,
from Bremen and Southampton.
LATE SHIPPHTO INTELLIGENCE.
STOCKTON. Jan. 24.— Mrs. Ella M. Cor
coran' brought suit to-day for divorce
from H. J. Corcoran, the former manager
of the Navigation Company. It is said that
the ground alleged is mental cruelty.' The
couple are reported to have arrived at an
agreement to disagree and all their prop
erty interests have been ¦ settled. Mrs.
Corcoran brought a similar suit some
time ago,' but a compromise was effected
on that occasion.
Mrs. Corcoran Sues for Divorce.
I>. Edward Collins of Oakland read tho
State report. W. M. Parsons, head of the
State organization, made a short talk. The
feature of the evening was the address
by -Thomas B.' Hutchinson of Napa on
"The Battle Lines of the Twentieth Cen
tury." -'¦¦-¦ '¦.".-'" ¦--¦
STOCKTON, Jan. 24.— The State con
vention of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation convened this evening : In tho
Auditorium of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church. About sixty delegates
were present and more are due to arrive
to-morrow.
T. M. C. A. Convention.
WASHINGTON, Jan. ,24.— By a party
vote of 9 to 6, the House Committee on
Coinage to-day ordered a favorable report
on the bill of Representative Hill of Con
necticut, "to maintain the silver dollar at
parity with gold."
Favors Hill's Money Bill.
The committee adjourned until next
Monday, when the bill will be considered
by Bectlons and doubtless reported soon
thereafter.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.-A large and
Influential delegation representing those
Interested In the Louisiana Purchase
"World's Exposition, to be held In St. L.ouis
In 1903, was heard to-day by the special
commltte* of the House' of Representa
tives having charge of that question. The
exposition is designed on a scale of un
usual magnitude, ?15,000,000 already being
assured for lt by the United States Gov
ernment and the city of St. Louis. It will
partake of the international scope of the
Paris Exposition and the Chicago World's
Fair.
The delegation present to-day included
former Governor D. R. Francis nt Missmi.
ri; Charles W. Knapp, president of the St.
Louis Republic; ex-Representative" Na
than Frank who was one of the Con
gressmen who framed the Chicago expo
sition legislation; ex-Representative Seth
W. Cobb • of Missouri and James Hager
man and C. H. Spencer. Chairman Taw
ney of the Congressional committee ex
plained the present status of the measure.
The sundry civil bill of last year con
tained a provision pledging the United
States Government to appropriate J5.000.000
when the- local authorities had provided
$10,000,000 to the satisfaction of the Secre
tary of the Treasury. The present bill con
templates carrying out this pledge by
making the appropriation- of $5,000,000, and
at the same time providing a comprehen
sive plan of Government participation
along the lines of the participation at Chi-
C8.ET0 " ' * ¦
Governor Francis addressed the commit
tee, pointing out that the $10,000,000 had
been secured by the local authorities. Of
this amount $5,000,000 had been raised by
popular subscription and $5,000,000 by tho
issue of bonds.
gressmen.
Special Committee Confers "With Con-
ST. LOUIS' WORLD'S PAIR.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Smith, Truckee
C L Butler, S Dak
G I White, S Dak
A R Hess, S Dak
J G Holbert, Mont,
O Oliver, Cal •
Mrs Oliver, Cal
T H Wheeler.. Minn
J Davltt. Bakersneld
Mrs E Rowlson, Cal
W McHush, Wls
P Foley, Fresno
J A . Scott, --Fresno ,
R E Queen, Idaho
M Prengel, Seattle
Mrs Prengel, Seattle
A Douglass, Seattle*
C Dankert, Seattle
O B Flnberg, Cal -
E Ganomeg, Pleato
TO Keef e, Morong
C R Cooley, Kans
A Ogden, Cal
Mrs Oeden,' Cal
H B Staffs. N J
J "VV Doremus, N J
C E McGall, Illinois
Mrs McGall, Illinois
R T Faulkner, 111
G F McCullogh. L Ang
Miss M Vincent, Sacto
G B Colllngwood San J
A T Watson, Sacto
Mrs ¦\Vat«on, Sacto
J Quinn, Mass •
C« Edwards. Chicago
P A Doughtry. Neb
Mrs Doughtry, Neb
A J Johnson, Oregon •
Miss Johnson, Oregon
A C Ell, San Jose
J Taylor, Ind
PAIiACE HOTEL.
M E "Wallace & w,
Canada
C "W Bruese, Amsterd
J Flnnell & w. fct Jhn
A P Maginnis. Fresno
C F WiUard. Denver
Mrs T Molllnelle.Wash
Mrs L Smyth, S Lornz
O W Mupenberc. Alma
H E Henoch, Chicago
O D Eaton, Los Ang
B T Brooks. Bkrsfld
J A Balllaicen. Seattle
T Bourke & w. Seattle
C Thome. Tacoma
W F Kendrlck. Denver
Mrs E L Lobdell.Chgo
C "W Lobdell. ChKO
W P Hammond, Orovl
Mrs Hammond. Orovll
G W Clarke & w. N T
Lt J T Parker, USA
Mrs Parker. USA
E R Abadle. Berkeley
J "VV Knox. Merced
W C Henshaw. Oaklnd
W H Armstrony. Pa
A K McClure. Pa
Mrs W C Porter. Del
Mies A Porter. Del
Miss C Snencer. Pa
Miss C Xewbold. Pa
C Du Pont. Del
H L Holden. Ind
M A Macner. N T
C L Knobe. Chicago
J L Templeton & w,
St Louis
J 8 Macomber. Sonoma
\V Brophy. Paso Robls
C Snuhn, Paso Robles
M Harolamb, Burlngm
S T Britten. Menlo Pk
Miss Rooker.. Menlo P
D Pepper Jr. Pa "-
GRAND HOTEL.
J Kullman, Benlcia I
E Brendon, Petaluma
M L Wigle. Tulare
P Dlerssen, Sacto
R S Sweet. Berkeley
I Goodman, Berkeley ¦
H Donahue, Cal
A J Bowen. Los Ang
0 F Snyder. S Andreas
B P Shepherd Jr, Cal
C Teague, Fresno
H McClurr Sr, Cal
E C Ivins, Cal
J Cresslck, Slssons
T M Thatcher, Chlco
P B Philpot. China
Mrs W B Glafe & ch,
Portland
L Thome. W'abash
f "W Forn, Ohio
C F Saylor, Pasadena
G J Well, Buffalo
C R. Bunting, Victoria
J Hamer, Los Ang
G Borden, Los Ans
T T Lans. Mexico
J C Shepherd, Cal
W A Wilcox. Cal
A B Alexander, Cal
E- A Major. S5t Louis
G F If uber &. w. Cal
\V J Holden, San Jose
H M lieece. Cal
A Johnson, Phlla
J C Schiffer, Cal
Edith Orr, Vlsalla
J F Condon, Nevada
O E Horton, Reno
G W Towle. Towle
E T Robie, Towle
K L Langan &w, Minn
F C Gates & w, Ohio
F Malcolm & w, Cal
J W Malcolm & w. 111
II M Lee. Illinois
JV G XVhitney. Oakland
It Harris, Merced
M I^ehman, Cal
H T Bayley, Alameda
A Baltzell, Reddlnir
R T Wheeler. Stocktn
J Kngnl, Alaska
F L/undstrom & w,
Sweden
F Eschenburgr ft w,
Chicago
L C Kobergr. Cal
T Morgan & w, Cal
H E Pickett, Cal
Miss Pickett. Cal
A L Frost, Sacto
J H Roberts & w. Sac
J H Behan, China
G V Calhoun. Sutter '
S G Beach, Placerville
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— Hon. Samuel
M. Shortrldg-e, messenger of tho Electoral
College of California, bearing the electoral
vote of that State, arrived here to-day
and will deliver the vote into the custody
of President Pro Tem. Frye of the Senate
to-morrow. Later, In company with the
California delegation, he will visit Presi
dent McKinley and present him with a
magnificent gold-mounted box in which
the electoral vote was brought to "Wash
ington.
Electoral College, Reaches
"Washington.
CAUBXES CALIFORNIA'S VOTE.
Samual M. Shortridge, Messenger of
Measure as AgTeed TTpon by the Con
ferees of Both Houses Will
Probably Have an Early
Hearing.
1 .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Cnalrman Hull
of the House Military Committee thus
sums up the essential points of the army
reorganization bill, on which an agree
ment was reached yesterday by the con
ferees of the two houses:
"The artillery corps organization is
adopted, with a chief of artillery, who
will «erv© on the staff of the general com
manding the army. The battery becomes
the unit of artillery organization. The
strength of the staff corps is left as the
two houses provided, except the quarter
master's department, in which a compro
mise Is made, uddlng two majors and six
captains and providing for twenty-five
volunteer quartermasters as long as their
services are needed.
"In the nurse corps provision is made
that the heads should be a graduate of a
hospital training school of two years' ser
vice.
"The Senate provision of veterinary sur
geons is retained.
"The pay corps Is left as provided by
the Senate, except that the number of
majors is to be twenty Instead of nine, as
adopted by the Senate.
"The signal corps is finally fixed to In
clude one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
four majors, fourteen captains, fourteen
first lieutenants, with authority to retain
five first and five second volunteer Kleu
tenants as required.
"The detail system of the staff Is ac
cepted, with a provision that all appoint
ments to original vacancies created by
this act shall form part of the permanent
staff and not be subject to detail. All de
tails to the staff are to be for two years,
the words 'unless sooner removed'x being
stricken out. . Instead of the present sys
tem of chiefs of staff they are to be ap
pointed by the President and confirmed by'
the Senate, for a term of four years, and
as long as the permanent staffs remain
the chiefs shall be chosen from the staffs.
Lieutenants appointed to the line are to
be chosen from first and second lieuten
ants under 40 years of age. and enlisted
men of the regulars or volunteers may be
appointed, subject to the laws now In
force, except that one year's service qual
ifies Instead of two, as now required. The
advancement and retirement of Generals
Shatter, Lee and Wilson is assured by the
retention of the provision for two briga
dier generals retired and one major gen
eral."
Hull expects to get the agreement before
the House at once.
Chairman Hull's Summary
of the Essential
Points.
GENERAL EFFECT
OF ARMY BILL
Wellington then, at 5:10 d. m., forced an
djournment by raising the point of no
quorum.
Pettigrew offered an amendment pro
viding that the Dawes commission shall
file an Itemized statement of Its exnendi
tureswto January 1. 1901, and annually
thereafter. The amendmentfras accepted
and an amendment maklnsr the total ap
propriation for the commission $324,000 was
adopted. •
Stewart of Nevada endeavored to secure
an order for a night session for the read
ing of the District of Columbia code bill,
but Wellington of Maryland had deter
mined there should be »a auorum in the
Senate present for all matters and forced
several rollcalls, one of which drew from
Pettigrew the statement that a night ses
sion would be of no avail unless a quorum
was present, as no business would be
transacted. He did not Intend to filllbus
ter, he said, or to compel the Indian ap
propriation bill to make vicarious vatone
ment for other measures. .* ¦
Aldrich of Rhode Island reported th-3
war revenue regulation bill from the Com
mittee on Finance and gave notice that h.?
would call up the measure the first o"
next week. He added that the committea
had an amendment covering the sale of
stock and merchandise under considera
tion which would bo < submitted at an
early stage. "
Jones of Arkansas maintained that the
criticism by Pettigrew of the Dawc*
commission was not well founded in any
respect. The expenditures made by the
commission for the appraisal of lands
were, he maintained, ctbsolutely necessary
In order that the distribution of the In
dian lands might be made Justly and with
careful regard to the rights of the tens
of thousands of persons Interested. Tho
work, Jones said, was being done econ
omically and thoroughly.
Pettigrew expressed the opinion that
the* whole Indian school system ought
to be overhauled, and was inclined to
believe that many of the Indian schools
in the East would better be abolished,
and In this connection he referred par
ticularly to the Carlisle school.
Pettigrew made a vigorous attack upon
the Dawes Indian Commission, asserting
that there was no more corrupt or extrav
agant body in the service of the United
States than that commission. He at
tacked the Increase from $30,000 to $300,OCO
of the appropriation for the commission.
He believed the work done by the ap
praisers of the Indian lands could be done
for 10 per cent of what the Government
was paying for it.
Jones of Arkansas added that he knew
many Indian T'chlldren who had freckled
faces, blue eyes and red hair.
Butler insisted that many of the chil
dren who were attending the schools were
white, and that trie abuse of the Indian
school appropriation was notorious.
Teller of Colorado was satisfied Butler
was mistaken. He knew personally, he
said, that children were not admitted to
the Indian schools whose parents did not
maintain their tribal relations.
Thurston answered that no children are
received upless they are Indians? no mat
ter how slight the mixture of Indian
blood. He had, he said, seen in a tepee,
with a woman evidently an Indian squaw,
children of hers which had red hair. It
was impossible, he said, to exclude chil
dren from the schools merely because
they might have red hair or a light skin.
At the opening- to-day the Senate adopt
ed the Pettigrew resolution concerning
the reported deportation of A. Mabini, a
citizen of the Philippines, to Guam.
During the consideration of the appro
priation for Indian schools Butler said
he had visited such schools and ob
served that there were children at pres
ent taking advantage of the benefit who
were not Indians, and asked what pro
portion of Indian blood was necessary to
secure admission to such schools.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— In the Sen
ate to-day the Indian appropriation bill
made fair progress. The feature of the
debate ..was a sharp attack by Pettigrew
on the Dawes Commission, which, ho
said, was very extravagant and was ac
complishing little in the way of results.
The shipping bill was not taken up, bui
to-morrow will witness a""speech on it by
Depew. It will then give way to appro
priation bills, Frye saying that he did
not wish to delay them.
Butler Asserts That Many "White
Children Attend the Schools,
Wnich Is Denied by
Thurston.
Dawes Commission Must
File Statement of Ex
penditures.
INDIAN SCHOOL
APPROPRIATIONS
"With $753,000,000 of appropriations, in
cluding provision for the sinking fund,
now in sight for tho coming fiscal year,"
said he, "and we are to reduce taxation,
we should Inquire diligently Into all these
matters and not go beyond that which is
necessary for the protection, glory and
honor of the country."
The Rlxey amendment was lost on a rls
lne vote^ — 46 to 94.
vandever of Missouri moved to strike
out the provision for the construction of
two armored cruisers. Lost.
Fitzgerald of New York offered an
amendment providing that the ships
might be built In the Government navy
yards. Lost, 67 to 54.
After completing the bill, with the ex
ception of a single paragraph, the House
at 5:30 p. m. adjourned.
"William J. Bryan," retorted Wheeler,
"is a great, pure and able Democrat, but
he Is not the Democratic party." (Re
publican laughter and cries of "We
thought he was."
"That statement excites merriment on
the Republican side of the House," con
tinued Wheeler, "because men who recog
nize as their party shiDboleth and main
spring of action the will of one man,
Marcus Aurellus Hanna, do not under
stand how Democrats can recognize a dis
tinguished citizen and leader and at the
same time differ with him on questions of
policy."
Rixey offered an amendment to strike
out the provision for an increase of the
navy.
Cannon, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, said he was for a sufficient
navy. But when It was sufficient, he was
in" favor of stopping. Since 1876, when the
new navy began to be built, $227,000,000 had
been appropriated for "ships (including the
provisions in the bill, but not including
$53,000,000 still due on contracts.)
Wheeler interrupted him to inquire to
whom the credit of the inauguration of
the new navy was due.
Cannon replied rather Impatiently that
the country at large did not care "*hree
hurrahs in a hot place to whom the credit
belonged." Cannon said he did riot think
Congress had appropriated too much for
the navy, but he did not think the United
States needed the largest navy in the
world. We would not be called upon to
light England. But we need a strong
navy, we had the ships andwe were going
to keep them. We. could not get rid of
them If we desired to. But we did not
want a larger navy than was needed, and
after the ships now authorized and to be
authorized by this bill had been com-
Eleted he thought the time to stop would
ave arrived.
Rlxey of Virginia, a member of the Na
val Committee, opposed tne Item for an
increase of the navy on the ground that
the recent contracts let would absorb for
the present the capabilitie3*of our ship
yards. Rixey said that if the building of
the navy was rushed along at "an inordi
nate rate in a few years new Inventions
might make many of our. new ships obso
lete. He was In favor of going slower.
Wheeler CD.) of Kentucky replied to
Rixey, contending that the Democratic
party always had been in favor of a
etrong navy.
"Is the gentleman aware, Interposed
Foss, "that William J. Bryan, on the floor
of this House in 1890, opposed further con
struction of ships?"
Speaking to a pro forma amendment,
William A. Smith of Michigan brought up
at the opening of the day's session the
question of the abrogation of the treaty
of 1817 prohibiting the maintenance of war
vessels upon the Great Lakes. Smith said
the treaty was an imposition upon the
shipbuilding and . commercial interests of
the lakes, against which he protested.
The treaty was originally made in the
Interest of peace and was very properly
negotiated. The reasons which then ex
isted have passed away. He desired to
see the shipyards of the Great Lakes par
ticipate in the building of war vessel*.
Foss, in charge of the bill, Bald the
question of a modification of the treaty
of 1817 was discussed by the Government
Commission a few years ago. It was a
matter for the State Department, not the
Naval Committee, to consider.
Some opposition was manifested to any
Increase of the navy, and Cannon of Illi
nois sounded a note of warning as to
the size of the appropriations and an
nounced that with the present appropria
tion, $320,000,000, would have been spent on
our navy and we should stop.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— The House
considered the naval appropriation bill
all day and completed it with the
exception of one paragraph. The item. for
an increase of the navy will remain as
reported, namely, two battleships and two
cruisers.
Heferen.ce to Bryan as the Whole
Democratiq Party Provokes
Merriment Among Be
- publicans.
Disposes of It With the
Exc«ption of One Para
. graph.
HOUSE CONSIDERS
THE NAVAL BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1901.
11
ItOOMS FOR nOCSEKEEPIJVG. i
KLLIE. Ki— a newly furnished iulte of 8
rocrr.fi housekeeping; 12Z K>; ea s.
ET.LI3. T15— ! or 3 unfurnished sunny house- 1
keep 11 * rooms; cheap.
HATE?. S37. near Fillmore— Elegantly fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms; also singe rooms.
KQtVARP £27A— 1 front housekeeping room. $2.
HYDE. 410— Pur.ny frcnt alcove 6Uite. com-
p!f.» for houfekeeiilng; no children.
MINNA. :~7 bet. 3d and 4th (New Tork House)
—Single, ccub'.f and housekeeping rooms.
MISSION. H2S& near l"th-2 ssurmy furnished
housf keeping rooms; bath: laundry; JS.
OOTAVIA, 1403. cor. Gf>ary— Laire furnished
bay window, man tie. Vrclsbacii. kitchen, op-
1 ional.
POLK. E22— Desirable unfurnished and fur-
nished rooms.
£Ol.'TH PARK, 177—5 furnished 500ms. eom-
p>te for housekeeping; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
n-ccived at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I nfnrn.
>HLBOR>T HOTEL. 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
roome EOc up; flret-cl&ss meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRU7CSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per n'.Rht; II 23 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
rCRNETT. 14:6 Market fold No. 1SS4>— Fur-
ciEhed ran., tultes, single; also unfurnished.
EfSH. ECO (Th* IT.k)— Nicely furnished eunny
rmi; day CSc up; wk. $1 5u up. Mrs. P. Uanft.
GEARY. 405(The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rm«: cuitee or single: travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 40i— Parlor floor cf 4
large, partly furnished rocrr.s.
GRAND 6OCTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
and SlisEion sts.— Sunny rooms, en tuite or
eingle; ladies' pcrlor; reading-room: elevator.
GROVE, ris. b«t. Octavla and Laguna— Larg*
furnished room to let: rer.t >4.
GUERRERO. 215. near Fourteenth — Sunny
front alcove room.
JESSIE. JC3. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
roams ; }4 and t5 per month.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market et.— Suite cf 1 or »
rm«; private; bath: Bin. rms; board optional.
LE\VIS rlace. 18. off Taylor, near Poet— Fur-
nished ana unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en eulte. _____^__
MASOX, 515— Sunny furnished room; rae,
bath; also eir.gle room; private family.
McALLISTE-R, 903»fc— Lorco t>ay--window room;
ga«, bath, prate; rent J^
KEW ARLINGTON. 1*:5 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms. I? a week up: S5c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric litrhts; day, irk., mo.
PINE, 2?14, near Bro<5»rick— Nicly furnished
sunny front room, with bath. 18.
rtOFEDAT-E House 21?-cn Ellis St.— Rooms,
Right. 25c to tl: week, tt £5 to >4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis Ft —Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per ntefct. 3r>c to Jl 50: week. IS to
?S; month. JS to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rootng with hot and cold water; baths.
F.HERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market — FtiraiFhed cr unfurnished.
FTOCKTON. IS'*?— Nice front furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
Cl'ICVY front rooms; nicely furnished; cen-
trally located. Box 1343. Call office.
EUTTEU. 2204— Chanppd hrin**: newly reno-
vated; elngle rooms, $8: suites. $12 to 125 mo.
TAYLOR. Cll (Konronfl) — Rooms en suite and
TURK. CIS— 2 eunny furnished rooms, house-
keeping, tl2 month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH olfic* for Call adrfrtlsementg and
ruhscrintlons has been established at 1096
ValTf't gt.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
rr.»>riT« with or without board: cuisine un«-
*~eJ]«p<S jlOSij Rropdwav. ccr. 12th St.. Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON, Prop.
AT the old Ftevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex f-7 California st.. may
be found a ranst fxceptionally grood table, at-
tractive and fightiy icoiat at moJegt rates.
HANDSOMELY furnished mr>dern suite; two
other rooms; quiet, refined home: private
fami'y; excellent home cookingr. 1312 Ellis.
fjrtOMS er:d board; prices reasonable. 415
Flr?t ft.
CHFAPnRT ar.1 best in America— The Weekly
fn'A. 1£ nates, sent to any address In the
T*T-1*»fl )=?¦*»*. iwwtf»M for «1 r>er v«»*r
ROOMS AXD DOARD WANTED.
V>;rrrD — 2 sunny rooms, ¦with board, in prl-
iate family. Address, giving full particu-
lars, box 13S3. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
67NGLE rentleman wants finely furniBhed
room with bath, sunny and heated, with or
vtthout boerd. In section bounded by Van
Nees ave.. Buchanan, Jackson and Post its.
Box 1342. Call office.
KEAT sir.jrle room wanted: private; near Cali-
fornia sxid Powell; reasonable; references.
Box 133?. Call.
LADY wants two «unny front housekeeping
roomi"- «r-_». bath; private family. Box 1322.
Call race.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, »ent to any address In the
TTnlted States or Canada one year for tl.
pn^tur* t>«1d.
SPECIAL \OTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC CorXECTIOX CO..
«".S *r«Ptrom*TT rt.. room* <>-¦»>: tel. ESM.
6EU1XG MACHINES AXD Sl'PPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. eoM and repairing guaran-
teed. Charlea Plambectc, 1513 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bourht, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOl'OHT. sol<5. rented, repaired; needles and
shuttle?: reduced rair*. us cth: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
P1ERCE-RODOLFH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Poit and Powell «s.; tel. Main 1112.
WILSON BROS., ttorase and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; fhone Fouth 7G2.
JJT-'KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
»«>!. Matn 1M1: *hirtr>*-.r at cnt rates.
TELEPnOSES.
TELEPHONES, houee cr private lines, H M a
*«t: electrical work lnFtslW. 1536 Pt. L^bos.
TVPE«niTEK^SD^UPPUES.
greatTeajroains in typetvriters— we
tell better marolnei for leti money than any
house In the city: rentals, $8. The Typewriter
Exchange. C*6 California: telephone Main ?6».
DIVIDEND SOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notic«.— California Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of eixty cents per
share haa been declared, and is payable on
and after Monday, February 11, 1901, at the
Union Trust Company* of Ean Francisco.
Stock books will close on Tuesday. February
6. 13C1. at t o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers cf stock may b« made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
HcyKY VAX BEftCPf. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend ICO. 11* <flfty
cents r>er share) of the Oceanic Eteamshlp
Company, will be payable at the office of
the company, S27 Market St.. on and after
Friday. February L 1901. Transfer book* will
close on Eaturday, January 26 1*31 at 12
o'clock ra. E.H. SHELDON*; Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~~~ ~
ft, „ ,, m
ZTTE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
procee* from Peter H. Russell, in the Dad's
Gulch mine, near Camptonville, Yuba Co
to deposit tailings In Brandy Creek; from
Wm. Abbott and Louis W. Clark, in the
Gold Hill placer mine, near Rackerby, Yuba
Ca, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine, and from E. C. and P. J. Rlgney. in
the Maxey mine, near Mountain Ranch, Cal-
everaa Co.. to depoc'.t tailings in O" Nell's
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
fceld. at room CS. Flood building, San FTan-
dsco. CaL, on February 11« 1901. at 1:SO p. m.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 22. 190JL—
Bealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
n. W01, and then. opened, for construction of
a Tjuildlng for chapel and reading-room at
the Presidio of fian Kranclseo. Cal. Govern-
ment reserves ris/ht to reject or accept any
or all blls.in whole or in part. Preference
Clven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality fincludlng in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being equal, and such preference
if.ven to articles of American production pro-
duced en the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to J.
14. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
•rmi. Oilef Q. M,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry, Depot.
Local Llm'dlOvrl'd Local
Deily. Dally. 1 Daily. Daily.
L.V. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
~ Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
'* Chicago .[ 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. ra. train Is the California Limited,
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cara and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second clas3
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:49 a. ra. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
Jand.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« S«u*alU« F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET-
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
• WEEK DATS— 6:55. •SilS, 11:00 a. m.. 'I:**.
3-15 4:00, 5:1S, *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00, •10:00. .*ll:30 a. m.. 'las.
8:15, *4:45, 6:30,. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN" RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:30. 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30, 1:45. »3:30, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:20. *8:00, 'lO^CO, 11:45 a. m.,
•1:40, *2:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 9:30 a. m.,
12:35, 2:10, 3:30. 4:54. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15. 3:30.
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way-
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
Are You
Interested in
iflGXlCO #
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March 1st. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F. W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent.
641 Market st.
MOUNT •yiMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, ¦ via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. ..-.3:00, 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San FrancUco^to Summit and return,
$1 40. - •-•
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market St., Sau3alito Ferry.
Thomas O'Connell, beloved son of the late
Timothy and Mary Ann O'Connell. and
brother of Mrs. Jane Lee and the late Nellie
O'Connell, a native of San Francisco, aged 43
years and 8 months. A member of Rinooa
Parlor No. 72, N. 8. G. W.
¦ C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. Jane Lee. 823 O'Farrell
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 23, 1901,
Catherine, beloved wife of John O'Connor,
and mother of Dennis. John, Michael. James
and Mary O'Connor and Mrs. Thomas Quinn.
a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. (Grass
Valley, Cal., papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 130S% Mission street, thence to St. .
Joeeph's Church, where a eolemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RANK— In this city, January 24. 1901. Harry
E., youngest and beloved son of A. C. and
E. L. Rank, and brother of Bertrand L. and
Lela Gladys* Rank, a native of South Dakota,
aged 17 years 7 months and 25 days.
READ— In this city, January 24, 1901, Hasel
M., beloved daughter of John H. and Mar-
garet J. Read, and Bister of John W.. May
and Pere«y Read, a native of California,
aged 7 years 7 months and 19 'days. (Canada
papers please copy.) • -
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 422 Capp Btreet. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RICE— In this city, January 24, 1901, Mrs,
Rebecka Amelia Rice, a native of Chicago,
111.
RICE— In this city. January 24, 1901. Rebecca,
beloved wife of Michel D. Rice, and mother
of Charles E. and George El Rice, a native
of New Brunswick, aged 64 years 11 months
and t days.
RODGERS-In this city. January 24, 1901,
Thomas J. Rodgers, son of Frank D. "Ward
of Oakland, and brother of Mrs. R. J. Ward,
a native of Connecticut, aged 85 years and 6
months.
ROEHUNG- In this city. January 24. 1901,
Jacob Roehling, a native of Hessen. Ger-
many, aged 40 years 7 months and 2 days.
{CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister
street, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 o'clock.
SCHILLER— In this city. January 23, 1901,
Mariana Schiller, beloved wife of the late
Francis Schiller, and mother of Mrs. A.
Fischer and Charles, Albert, Henry and the
late Joseph Schiller, a native of Germany,
aged £5 years 1 month and 23 days.
SHIPMAN— In this city, January 23, 190L
Charles Golden, beloved husband of Rebecca
A. Shipman, and father of Charles H. Shlp-
man, a native of New Haven, Conn., aged
TO years 11 months and 6 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
BULLIVAN-In this city, January 24, 1901.
Charles. C, beloved son of th» late Daniel
and Ellen Sullivan, and brother of Daniel
and Nellie Sullivan, Mrs. F. W. Weber and
the late Maurice Sullivan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years and 6 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Et. Rose's Church for eer%
vices at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. »
¦WHITE— In this city, January 24, 1901, Wade
"White, dearly beloved father of Mrs. W. J.
Howard and Henry, Chesley and "William
White, a native of Cannonsbursr, Ky., aped
67 years. A member of Mountain Brow Lodge
No. S2. I. O. O. F.. and Yosemite Lodge No.
30, K. of P.
fc7" Remains at tho funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street. Interment at Mer-
ced.
"WINKGAR— Entered into rest. In Oakland,
January 24. 1901, Mrs. O. M. Wlnegar, mother
of Mrs. A. M. Magrgs, a native of New York
State, aged 78 years 1 month and 29 days.
ZIMMER— In Lbrin. January 24, 1901, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Christopher
! Zlmmer, and mother of Mrs. K. Ritter and
John and Louise Zlmmer. a native of Ger-
many, aged 73 ye|rs.
KNIGHTS TBBIPLAK SENT>
INVITATION TO McKINTjET
California Commandery Requests
Him to Meet With. It During
Visit to This Coast
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Among the
callers at the White House to-day was
Captain O. J. Humphrey of San Fran-
cisco, who \raa presented to the President
by Senator Perkins. Captain Humphrey
visited tho Executive Mansion as the spe-
cial envoy of California Commandery No.
1, Knights Templar of San Francisco, to
personally present to President McKinley
an Invitation from the commandery to
meet with it upon his visit to the Pacific
Coast In the coming spring.
The card of Invitation which he handed
to Sir Knight McKinley is a solid
gold plate, 3*ri by 6V6"inches and about an
eighth of an inch in thlckne-ss. In the
upper right hand corner is an enameled
Maltese cross, with the usual Insignia of
the order, having In the center a fine dia-
mond of about one karat in weight. The
"card" is beautifully engraved with the
following Inscription:
"Sir Knight William McKinley— Dear
Sir and Frater: California Commandery
No. 1, Knights Templar, requests the
honor of your presence at a stated as-
sembly of our commandery Friday even-
ing, May 17, 1901. Yours fraternally,
"W. H. FRANK TITUS.
"Eminent Commander.
"HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder."
The card is inclosed in a handsome case,
bearing on its cover the superscription In
gold letters:
"Sir "William McKinley."
It is probable that the President will
accept the invitation and he may hold a
reception in the commandery asylum.
¦ ? ¦
KEAL ESTATE TKA1TS ACTIONS.
Catherine Bonnet to Bonnet Bonnet, lot on
5 line of Turk street. 22:10 W of Buchanan, W
23 by S 56:6; *3000.
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaao
Anderson, lot on W line of Bteiner street, 28S:S
6 of Waller. S E by W 91:3 (hospital lot): $400.
Mary Pmlth (wife of John J.) to John J.
Bmlth (husband), lot on N lino of .Nineteenth
street, 30 B of Stevenson, B 23 by N 85; gift.
Marie G. and John F. Kesslng to G. F. and
Bine OchB, lot on NE corner of Cumberland
and Dolores streets, E 23 by N 114. to correct
error In deed of October 13, 1887; Jl.
Michael A. and Annie McEvoy to Kitty Hall,
lot on E line of Sharon street, 225 8 of Fif-
teenth, S £5 by R 125; $2500.
Patrick Mitchell to Pacific States Telephone
and Telegraph Company (a corporation), lot
on SE line of Minna street, 421:9 NB of Third,
NE 19:6 by SB 70; $1900.
GEanville B. and P. Carrie Gllman to Michael
Kelly, lot on N lino of Twenty-fourth (So-
noma) street, 60 E of San Bruno avenue (No--
braeka), E 25 by N 110: flOOO.
William C. and Helen w. Pond to Bethlehem
Congregational Church, lot on W lino of Ver-
mont street, 250 N of Yolo, N 60 by W 100.
quitclaim deed; ?1GOO.
Maggie Bannan to Gilbert Flndlay. lot on E
line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 223 N of Cali-
fornia etreet; N-25 by E 120; $500.
Ellen Conwell to Thomas and Agnes Kilken-
ny, lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue, 67:6
E Of Ninth avenue. E 25 by 8 100; $10.
"Wlllard V. and Mario L. Huntington to H.
V. Ramsdell. lot on W line of Fifteenth ave-
nue. 176 N of B etreet. N 50 by W 127:6; also
lot on S line of B street.. 77:6 W of Fifteenth
avenue, W 50 by B 100; $2000.
Albert Meyer to Herbert F. Brown, lot on
W line of Nineteenth avenue, 125 N of I
Btreet. N 25 by W 120; $1000.
Mary T. Smith (wife of John J.) to John J.
Bmlth (husband), lot on N line of Eighteenth
street. 150 W of Hattle, W 25. N 83:9, B 23:1,
8 82.27, block B, Park Lane Tract; gift.
II. and Fanny Brandensteln to William W.
Coates lot on NE line of Fifteenth avenue, 175
NW of H Btreet, NW 25 by NE 100, block 285,
South San Francisco Homestead Railroad As-
sociation; also lot on 8W line of Twenty-
sixth avenue, 30 SE of M street, 1 SE 30 by B\V
100 block 496, Bay City Homestead; $500.
William W. Coates to Southern Pacific Com-
pany, lot on NB line of Fifteenth avenue, 175
NW of H street. NW 25 by NE 100. block 283,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) with Wybro-Hen-
dy Company (a corporation) (contractors), ar-
chitect Henry H. Meyers— Iron conduits and
electrio wiring for an eleven-story and base-.,
ment fireproof building on NB corner of Cali-
fornia and Montgomery street!. N 93 by E
87:6; 17809. -
Paul Strlckert (owner) with G. P. W. Jensen
(contractor), architects, Salfleld & Kohlbergr—
Excavations, brick, carpenter and mill work,
tinning, roofing, plastering, etc.. for a three-
story frame building (3 flats) on E line of Jes-
sie street, 88:4 S of Thirteenth, S 25 'by E 70;
|2720. •¦¦¦¦¦:-:•:,
Herbert F. Brown (owner) with E. B. Hal-
lett (contractor), architects Dunn & Schroep-
fer— All work except ga» fixtures, mantels, fln-
Ir.ii hardware and shades for a two-story frams
building on W line of Nineteenth avenue bou-
levard, 128 N of I street. N 25 by W 120; $2090.
Joseph R. and A. Delucchl (owners) '• with
A. Caocla (contractor),- architect H. Hess— All
work except en* fixtures and shades for: a
lwo-«tory frame houeo and stable on lot . on
W lln* of Lyon street, 25 8 of Grove,* 25 by
1J2-.6; »3«S0.
Medrich Meinlte rowner) with Carl N. P.
AhlK.ren (contractor), architect Augru«t Nor-
dln— All work except ulumbine, gasflttlng,
sewering, pointing, mantels, shade* and gai
fixtures for a two-*tory<and basement frame
bulMlne and barn and sh»d on lot. on N line
of norland «r»et, J85 13 of Dolores, N 115. B
M. 8 115, - M to b^lnnlnir. M B 79; $1225.
SLolBRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John S. Greene. 82. Honolulu, and Henrietta
Zangenberg, 23, city.
John D. Azevedo, 45. Presidio, and Rosa
Dugean. S3, city.
Mathew Lund, 49. Soquel. and Clara H.
Baker. 27. 1401 Gough street.
Manuel a. Freitas. 30. 63 Jackson street, and
Adelaide Rosa. 20. 65 Jackson street.
Lambroe Haralambos. 38, Benlcia, and May
Casey. 25, 122V4 Gilbert street.
Antone D. Gularte, n. 450H Powell street,
and Mathilda Green. 17, 1412 Powell street.
Alexander E. Kennedy, 28, C01 Waller street,
and Lillian B. Williams, 29. ES7 Waller street.
Edwin M. Dunkle. 25. Denver, and Helen H.
Jackson, 23. Denver.
Max E. Llcht, 31. 145 Second street, and
Annie King, 24. £24 *«ol3om street.
Joseph Pelrs.no, 29, 1317 Dupont street, and
Mary Tomel. 21. 9 Medau place.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices -and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COBLKXTZ-ln Seattle. January 18. 1301. to
the wife cf Alex Coblentz. a daughter. ¦:
MARRIED.
LIPMAK— LESSER— In this city. January 20,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Bainuel M
Llpman and Irene M. Lesser.
DIED.
Bowers. Augusta Marchand. Desire- C.
D«bant. Salavtore Marrett. Mrs. E\
Denicke. Rudolf F.H. Merk. Augusta
Dillon. Margaret Xoakes. Cornelius F.
Durkin. James O'Connell. Thomas
Figueiredo (nee- Glo- O'Connor. Catherine
ver). Mary Rank. Harry B.
Flshel. Benjamin Read. Hazel M.
Frankenthal, Jacob Rice. Mrs. Rebecka
Gibbons, Miss Mary Rice. Rebecca
Griffin, Henry Rodgers. Thomas J.
Hansen. Severene Roehllnt, Jacob
Harrlgan, Dennis Schiller. Mariana
Kennessy, Chas. A- Shlpman. Charle* O.
Hurley, Patrick Sullivan. Charles a
Johnston. Erldget White. Wade
Karr. Lovlna Wlnegar. Mrs. O. M.
Killchine. Eliza Zlmmer. Margaret
Mackay. Walter
BOWERS— In Ocean View. December 25. 1900,
Augusta. Bowers (nee Patton). the late wife
of J. A. Bowers, and daughter of James and
Barah Patton, a native of Dumbarton. Scot-
land, agred 3! years. (Dumbarton, Scotland,
papers please copy.)
CyFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a solemn requiem
ir.afs for the repose of her eoul at St. Mich-
ael's Church, Ocean View, to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery at 11 o'clock.
DEBAXT-In the City and County Hospital,
January 24, 1901. Ealvatore Debant, a native
of Argentina, aged 40 yean.
DENICKE— In this city. January 23, 190L Ru-
dolf F. Herman Denicke, dearly beloved hus-
band of Dora Denicke. a. native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 43 years and S months. A
number of the German Kriegsr Vereln, Han-
noveraner Vereln and Beer Drivers' Benevo-
lnt Association.
JC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 27, at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral ser-
vices will bt; held under the auspices of the
German Krieger Vereln. Cremation I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Pleaee omit flowers. Remains
at the oarlors of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228
McAllister street.
DILLON'— In this city. January 23. 1301, Mar-
taret Dillon, beloved dauehter of the late
James and Anasta^ia Dillon, and sister of
James Dillon, a native of San Francisco.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from St. Francis Church, where a
high requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repoee of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG Ladies' Institute No. 7— Sisters: You
are reauested to attend the funeral of our
deceased eister. Marearet Dillon, this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St- Francis
Church, Vallejo street and Montgomery ave-
nue. KATE BUCKLEY. Pres.
KITTTE BURKB, Rec. Sec
DUUKIX — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of the eoul
of the late James Durkln, to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, near Howard. Friends are in-
vited to attend.
FIOUEIREDO (nee GLOVER) — An anniversary
requiem mass will be celebrated to-morrow
(Saturday), at Et. Francis Church. Vallejo
street, at 9 o'clock, for the repose of the
eoul of the late Mary Flsruelredo. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend.
FISHEL—In this city, January J4. 190L Ben-
jamin Fishel, beloved father of David Flshel.
a native of Bohemia, aged 67 years.
FRAXKENTHAL-In this city, January 23.
1901. Jacob Frankenthal, beloved brother of
Mrs. J. Adelsdorfer and Fred and Charles
frankenthal, a native- of Fuerth.- Bavaria,
aged 67 years 10 months and 12 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mn. J. Adelsdorfer. 1718 Bush
Etreet. Interment nrlvate.
GIBBOXB— In this city; January 22. 1901. Miss
Mary Ann. dauehter of the late Captain F.
W. and Margaret Gibbons, and loving sister
of Miss Winefred Gibbons, a native of Cleve-
land, Ohio. (Cleveland. Toledo and Chicago
papers please copy.)
tTTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S40 Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass ¦will be celebrated for
the repoee of her eouI, commencing at 10
o'clock. ' Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
GRIFFIN 1 — In this city, January 23, 1B01, Henry
Grlfnn, a native of England, agred 35 years.
HANSEN— In this city, January 23. 1901, Sever-
er.e,beloved wife of Ole Hansen. and mother
of Thomas and Olga Hansen. a native of
Xorway. aged 50 years 10 months and 3 days.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 215 Fell etreet, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services at 1 o'clock.' Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARRIGAN— In this city, January 22. 1901,
Dennis Cornelius Harridan, dearly beloved
husband of Mary Harrigan, beloved father of
Georgie and John Harrigan. son of Dennis
Harrigan. and brother of Daniel and the late
John Harriran. Mrs. Julius Trost. Mrs.
Charles Clark and Mrs. J. Fogarty, a native
cf California, aged 85 years and 2 days. A
member of Harmony Lodffe No. 9, A. O.
u. w.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 412 Pixley avenue, between Fillmore
and Steiner streets. Interment National
Cemetery-
HKXNESST— In this city, January 24, 1901,
Charles A., husband of Nellie F. Hennessy,
and father of Harold F. and Eileen M. Hen-
nessy. a native of New York. x
DThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of bis soul. Interment
. private.
HURLEY- In tills' city. January 24. 1901. Pat-
rick Hurley, beloved brother of Dennis, Jere-
miah and James Hurley. and Mrs, Sullivan
cf Vlnrinla city, a native of the parish of
Cahereagh. County Cork, Ireland, aged 67
years.
JOHNSTON- In this city, January 24. 1901.
Brfdjret, beloved wife of Thomas Johnston,
and s!iter of Mrs. P. R. Savage, a native of
Ireland, aged 50 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence;. 1223 Mlsclon street, thenc* to Bt.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repoee
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KARR— In this city, January 13, 1301, Lwina,
Infant daughter of Carrie D. and the lata
John J. Karr. aged 1 month and 14 days.
KILLCHINE— In this city. January 24. 1901. at
her residence, 122' Anderson street, off Cort-
land avenue. Eliza, beloved wife of Joseph
Killchlne. daughter of Eliza and Aleck Hol-
verson. and sister nt Mrs. B. Barsantl a
native of San Francisco.
MACKAY— In this city. Januarv 24, 1801, Wal-
ter Mackay, a native of Scotland, aced €9
years.
MARCHAND- In this city. January 23, 1901.
Desire C. Marchand, & native of Belgium,
ared €4 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock^ from the parlors of
Car«w & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARRBTT— In this city. Mrs. Frances Mar-
rett, beloved wife of Henry W. Marrett, aged
48 years 8 months and 8 days.
MERK— In this city. January 22. xsol Au-
gueta, beloved wife of the late John Mem
end mother cf Albert. Annie, John, Joseph
and LUlle Merk and Mrs. J. Rowe. a native
of G«rmany. aged 44 years 7 months and 27
days.
irrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at J o'clock, from the parlor* of
II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be.
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
NOAKES— In this city, January J4, 1901 Cbrne-
ltus F.. beloved son of James O. and Johanna
Koaken, a native of Antioch. Cal., aged U
years 7 months and 19 days.
E^Notlce of fun«aJ hereafter.
CCONNISLL— In this city. January t», isq^
HBNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
{Successor to Flannagan * Gallagher. j
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIUECTOIIS AND EMHALMER8.
id Fifth at., opposile Lincoln School.
• Tflopban* Houth 80.
McAUOV 4c CO.. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER8. |
1238 Market St.. between 8th and Sth. I
Telephone South 247. C
RATLWAY TBAVEL.
- HARK?NG
HOME
On the Santa Fe
You can hark to Chicago
In 3 days 1 — 3 happy days
On the
California
Limited
oovTHKKx i»A«!iriu conrAiT.
(PACIFIC SY4TK1O -•-.
Train* lei* *•• »*i»tl «*r« ••«•• »• itrflf* •«
. MAM FIIANCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) •
LCATS — FBOU JiSTAHY 1. 1901. — i»»m
Ti30a Benld*, Suiaun, Elmlia. T«c»t111«,
Rumiey ami Sacramento T«43p
7 :2Oa Da?u, Woodland. KnigbM Ltadlai,
MujiTille. Oroiille 7i43p
-f:3O* Atlautio Kxpresa — Ogiieu and EU*» lXtlSp
£i:uo a Martinez, Sau itauiou, Vallejo, Sapa,
L'allatoea and ttauta Rosa •tlSp
S:O<» a KQes, Livermor j, Tr*cy. lathrop,
Stockton ?«!»»
S:SOa Shasta I xpreu— DwtIs. WiUlams (fo»
iiArtlett Sprinss). WIUow*. lleU
Blufl. Portland. Tl4»F
«::h»a Sail .lose. U»rrmor-\ dtoektou,
lone, Sacramento, PlaeerfUl*,
¦ Mi»rj»»!!K Chieo, Ke<l Bluff 4il»p
fttSOA Oakdale, Ghineae. aonora. Carters... 4slBr
Iimmi* Hajwartls, Mies and Way Stations. 1 1>43a
ViDOa Los Angeles Kxprus — M tr'.lnez,
Tracy Liihrop, Stockton, Meroed
Fresno and Los Angeles 7il3r
9in«A Vall-j .. Martinez ami War Stationa »'•»»
¦ UsUttA The OTerUml LJir.ited— Ogden, Den-
w, Omaha. Chicago MSr
IIiO»a NlUs, Stockton, riairameoto, Man-
dot*. Fresno, Uantuid. Vlaalla.
:.->' -.- VorteoUie 4il3r
IIiOOa Ll»ennore. Baneer. Gonhen Juno-
tiim. B«kersaeld, Los Aius'.es
fl:OOp Sacramento (liter Steamers fBlOO*
3:<>»r Hs;ward«, Niles and Way StiMoni. 3i l.lp
4:O<»r Maiciuoz. Hau lUiuon. Vallajo,
Kai.*. C«U"t<>c*. Santa Uoaa »•!!»»
4i«Ur Benicla. Winters, HaotamentOb
Woodland, KnlxliU Landing,
Marysfiile, Orotille !•:«*
•liSUp H«jrv? Aidn, Nile* ai»l San Jose lf'12 A
3«O«p Nilea. liTermore, Stockton Lodl ... l«wlaA
aSsWOrUunset Limited. El Paaow New .__._
Orleans and East «1»»13a
5:Oi»rThe Owl Llmlted-Traef. Fresno.
BakernfielJ. Kangus for Santa Bar-
bara, Ia* Angles. 1»«I3»
StOOr New Orl«inf Express— Haker»B«ld.
NanU H»r»i»ra, l.«s Ang-lm. Dom-
ing, El Pmo. Now Odeaus aud
Ea,t 7i«-1a
6:O0r Harvard*. Nilei and Saa Jose .T'i 11 *
4«tOOr V»l!«jo •-. Il»4S»
«>U«r Oriental Mall-Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chlc»go l«ilB»
•zOOp Oriental Mall-Osden, Donter,
Omaha. Chicago. «tlo»
' TiOOr Oreguii and CalUurnla Bxpreu.Hae-
iiuiiBiit.., Marjn«III«. Kb.I.Hhj.
furtlaiui. Pnget Hound ami Kaat S>43a
SiOSpSan Pablo. P'>»» Costa, MirUnea
and Wi| HUUons 11 '13*
:*;OSr ValH« .. •* 7>4af
COAST IUVIsMM (Narrow <J»U(re).
(Foot nt Market Streg>.>
Us I •¦» a Newark.CVnteriiile.SaD .Joss, f'lton,
Boulder Oreek.SauUOrus and Way
Stations -••¦• •«»•»
|X:l.lr Newark, Center»llle. Ban J<»e, Nbw
Almadea, Felton. Houtder Creek.
Sauta Crui and Principal Way
Stations t'2'?2*
4ilSp Newark. H«n Joiie. Los Gatos Bi*Qk
aW:SOp Hanten' Ei«!ur»lon. San Joae and ._ ___
WayStationa • V*****
.CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSl! rHttClSCO— r««t if tarkfrl Strut ( i\if 8)—
t7.15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 3:00 5:13p.m.
From Oakland — Koot of Broealwray.— tfl tS t8^05
10:fOa-ja. 12:00 2:00 4:00p.m.
COAST DIVISION (CroafHJaiiira).
flhlnl nt-d Townweml St«.)
tO: I U.\ Ocm» V 1««. Hwita »»u Kr»uci»ci... 1«»ia»F
7iOOA Sail Jo»e a...l Way 8taU..ns (Now
Almadea Wetlnemlajs onlj) Ii»wF
BittU Han Joie. Tres I'lnos. H»nta Crni.
racir.e <3rnta. I'aao ICiiblrs. Han
I.uia Oliiapo. Surf. Lompoo aud
1'rii.olj.al Way Stations J'*f*
ioil»* Ban J»s« and Way Stations ««3»a
I 1:30a San Jose ami Waj .Stations ....•••• o>30r
y-iilZr San Mateo. lUttwooil. Meulo Park,
Palo Alto, danta Clara. Man Jose.
Trea Finos, S»uta Crux, Sailuaa.
Monterey ami PaclBo Gro»« I'S'Si*
?SxlWp San Jose ami Way Stations ........ **™r
H:l5f San Joseaml Principal WaySlattons »i*3k
«3:OOrSan Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* 'Z S 5i*
StSOp San Joae and Principal Way Stations •»*•?»
6i»or San Jose ami WayStatlons *5 ! «t*
Oll:4.5-g»n Jose ami Way Stations <:3»f
~: A for Momiug. 1» for A rtenioon.
t Sunday etei-pted. t &«ud»i onjf .
g Mondays Wednesdayn. Fridays.
c Tu- kUj*, Tbnnaajs. d jncUj*.
a Saturday only
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTERK RT. Ca
SAH FRANCISCO AND HGRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COA1PANY.
Tlburon F'rry. Foot of Market St
Sf»i Prnnciscr* tr> S»n Rafnel.
TIEURON FERRT-FOOT OF 1UBKCT BT.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00 11:00 a. m.; 1J:35, 3:30,
5:1!), «:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:39
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p- m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, »:30. «^>0,
6:20 p. m.
¦San Rafuel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:19. 7:30, 9:20. 11:10 a. a.-. 13r45,
3:40. 5:10 ;¦. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:-i
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m. ; 1:43, 3:40. 5:05,
6:25 p. m. <¦
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrrr»
Saa Francisco. | Nov. 7, 1300. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j I Sun- I Wwk
Days. I days. [ Destination. [ days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 ptn C:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
* Fii'.ton. «*.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:25 ta
Healdsburs, "• . -i
GeyservlUs.
8:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 prn 8:31pm
7:30 am! | Hopland I |
I 8:00 am] and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm| 1:22 pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm 8:82 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am! 3:40 am
and |
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:06 pm| (:33 pm
7:30 am 8:C0am[ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprirgs arid White Sulphur Springs; at Ftiltoc
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville fcr Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdal»
for the Geysers; at Hopland fr* Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnjrs, Kelseyvjle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprinss; at ITklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fpriiigs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerlejr's, Bueknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe.Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Brags, Westport. Usal.
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs;
Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
ducted rates.
On Sundays, round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st., Chronicle build-
in*. * R. X. RYAN.
• H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Axt.
Gen. Manager.
S^^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i? _J§a C2O HEARST ST. Established
£e*J**%«\hi 1*3 I fortbe treatment of Private
raJV^W Diseases. Lo<t Manhdbd. Debility or
hAf5fe^S3c?*'1'^''a' 0 wesrtagon body and mind and
»^U/-?.^t£*,S skln Disease* Thel>octorcure!»when
H\£*£?Xif$ r >theTa fall. Try him. ('barges low.
Pi®5^^Cnrr« jru»r»ntrr«l. Call or wri*^.
Dr. J. 1'. O1B11O.V, tjau JFraociaco. CaL
The Weekly Call.
$1 per Ycap.Trial In Justices' Court Discloses Al
leged Fraud in Connection Witn
Street-Car Accident.
The suit of Mrs. Deborah Simon against
Mrs. Nettie Rauda. her sister, was on
trial before Justice of the Peace Daniels
yesterday, and the evidence disclosed a
startling allegation of fraud in connection
with a Sutter-street car accident which
befell Mrs. Rauda on September 4 last.
Mrs. Simon has sued Mrs. Rauda for $299
for services rendered ln nursing the last
named while she was lying ill.
Mrs. Simon testified that immediately
after the accident Mrs. Rauda called her
m to nurse her. and at once confided to
ner tnat she desired to settle with th*
Butter Street Railwav Company for $23) •
also that when Dr. Dorn. the companv'9
physician, called Mrs. Rauda only pre
tended to be unconscious, when in r#alltv
2?*..!PVL n °t. loured at all. Mrs. Simon
Si ?fc bat i 8 ? e cnt , e red Into an agreement
with the slater whereby ahe was to re
ceive one-third of whatever amount of
damages she might recover. Mrs. Simon
alleged that Mrs. Rauda had finally com
promised her claim, but had not paid her
for her services. After Annie Schink ani
Rebecca Simon had been put on th« stand
to prove Mrs. Simon's allegations the case
w f n^1 ve^. ToT , ? ne weelc - that evidence
might be heard in rebuttal
* Forty c»nts for .«-' share of'-ttoek ln th«
Versuvlus OH Company Is a good * Investment.
Address > Dr. J. S. Potts, Parrott building. •
- " .¦¦¦¦•¦ -.-s ¦¦•',-¦¦#• ' . -
Spreckels Gets Judgment.
A verdict in favor of, John D. SpreckeN
In the action Instituted against him by
the Wlttram Propeller Company was
found by a jury in Judee Hunt's court
yesterday. The plaintiff corporation, at
the -instance of Frederick Wittram. sued
to recover on an assessment levied on
stock held by the defendant. Mr.
Fpreekels set ud allegations of fraud and
the 'verdict of the ilury was in nis favor.
Ready-Made Frames.
Ready-made frames In every variety of
finish for. cabinet and Paris panel photo
graphs, all complete, with glass, mats
and wire stands: 23 cents each. An Im
mense variety of other styles and prices;
mouldings for framing, pictures to order
In all the new shapes and every tint and
color of mat board and binding paper.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
California will have an opportunity to
entertain some of the leading ¦ llroad men
of the country in March, when the Trans
continental Passenger Association will
hold its ouarterly meT-tin* at Monterey.
From fifty to one hundred heads of vari
ous railroad passenger departments will
be here with their vnves and many wiM
stop over ln this city a day or two either
before or after the meeting.
R. A. Donaldson, assistant general pas
senger traffic manager, and Chief Clerk
W: G. Gardiner of the Southern Pacific
returned last evening from New Orleans,
where the Transcontinental Association
has been in session the last two weeks
Bu«iness of : considerable interor' to the
people of this city and State was trans
acted, i ' " .
The nWtter of flxin* the colonists rates
came" up and the date* for colonist travel
were fixed for even' Tuesday from Feb
ruarv 12 to April 30 at the. following rat-«:
One wiv. second class, from Chicago. *»:
from Missouri River points $25: from S*.
Louis and" New Orleans. *27 «»; These rate*
have been tendered It all Eastern roads.
Francisco to the same pojnt by oO cents
per 100 ..pounds. Alcohol takes a rate
from New York and other Eastern points
to common.. Oriental piints of SO cents.
The rate "on the same from New York to
San Francisco is S5 cents. Liquors, not
otherwise mentioned, can. go from * the
East and Middle West to the Orient for
SO cents' while the rate to San Francisco
Is $1 15 • .Agricultural Implements have a
« rate 1 from the East to the Orient, while i
the rate from Chicago to San Francisco
on the sam*;' is $1.15. Plows go to' the !
Orient'-from the East at W cents, but the
freight from the East to San Francisco is
85 cents per . 100 ; pounds. The same dls
crimina<ions are noticeable in beer.ship
ments. .' iron and steel . and machinery —
the last.hamed actually costing 25 per cent
more freight money to lay it, down In San
Francisco- than in the Orient from the
same points in the East So It Is with
condensed milk rates; i so with nails and
spikes and "through a long list, which it
is unnecessary to run down in full detail
There are also "bugs" in the commodltv
rates, from the East to the Orient which
are .not all .located yet. but . these also
work'iniury to San Francisco. ' •
Merchants -see .clearly that the Or1«nf
gets lower freight- rates from the East
than 'San: Francisco. > They, also- see that
to mo\ f e goods, on, they, must pay also
the :rate : - .from Bun Francisco to -Oriental
uoints. '"> These facts show;- ln some de-
which have been asked to sell through
tickets at- prnportlonnle prices.
For tho Episcopal church convention
which is to be held here next October ami
which will attract 1000 or 2000 delegate.*,
rates were arranged ns follows: From
Chicago, round trip. $50: Missouri River
points. $45: St. Louis and New Orleans),
$47 50. ...• , • -
The rates for the Epworth League con
vention to be hold here this summer,
which were recommended at the Novem
ber meeting were approved and In addl
t'on a rate was fixed for tickets via
Portland. The fare will be 53 more than
the direct line rates, which are: From.
Chicago. $50: Missouri River points, $45
ard St. Louis, $47 50.
The National Schuetzenbund. which is
to be held at Shell Mound in July, will bo
given the benefit of the Epworth Leagu-?
rates. J
A rate of $75 ftt. good for thtrtv days,
was fixed from this city to I»ulsville dur
ing the triennial Knights Templar con
clave there. Golden Gate Commandery
and California Commandery of this cltv
are expected to attend. For the Elki'
convention In 'Milwaukee the one standard
thirtv-day fare for a round trip was
voted. .
¦i-'i- :¦;¦! i ii m ; ;: i in..Hi : !-H-;:t
crce. the discrimination against the city,
but the full degree of this discrimination
cannot be accurately determined without
p study of the commodity rates, of which
little information has yet been received
in this city.
Crane's great wish that some day he
should return to this city well known ln
his profession. His •wish was nearly real
ized as he was shortly to have been en
gaged to play, important roles at the Al
cazar.'
There is no doubt that the funeral will
be largely attended by scores of his old
friends, who will take this step to show
their affection for one who endeared him
self to all who met him.
EDMUND CRANE. "WHOSE
DEATH CLOSELY FOLLOWED
HIS FIANCEE'S SUICIDE.
&r»«aHERE are many who will b«
I grieved to hear that Edmund
I Crane, the well-known actor, of
Jt this city died on January 12 at
Plttsfleld. 111., under most peculiar
circumstances. "Ed." as he was known
among his friends, was touring in the
East with a company . playing a version
of "Quo Vadls" written by himself.
On reaching Pittsfleld Crane received a
dispatch Informing him that his fiance
had committed: suicide. The young actor
was overcome, land when finally strick-n
with nervous orostratlnn a phvsiclan was
«ummoned. The nhyslcian administered
hypodermic Injections of morphine. Crani
went on the that evenintr to p'av
the leading role. At the close of the f*c
nnd act he fell unconscious on the staee.
The curtain was rung down and the young
man was carried to his dressing-room.
Later he. wast conveved to a hote.1. where
he apparently rallied. But pneumonia set
in and he 'hung between life and d°ath
for several days, attended by strangers,
his company going on. leaving him to
shift for himself.
Crane gradually sank, and appreciating
that his life was drawing to a close he
notified tho?e who were nursing nlm of his
mother's address in this city. The letter
Mrs Crane received announcing her son's
death was evidently written by some good
Samaritan. It states that the yourg actor,
in his last hour on earth, renuested that
tne windows In his room shouH b» onened.
He then recited "The Lord's Prayer" in a
firm voice. Hln last words were. "May
the Lord be merciful to all mankind." Ho
then asked to be laid down, and closing
his eyes passed awav.
Messrs. Belasco and Thall. on hearing of
his death, kindly volunteered to defray all
expenses of the shipment of the young
mRn's remains to th»s city. Thev will ar
rive b"re shortly. ' It has been decided to
burv the young mcr- by the side of h's
father, the late J. M. Crane, in Calvary
Crr-.etery.
Edmund Crane was only ?4 years of age.
He played at the Alcazar Theater for sev
eral vearsj but being ambitious h<» re
ceived his mother's consent to go East.
He met with immediate success. It wan
TRANSCONTINENTAL PASSENGER
ASSOCIATION TO MEET AT MONTEREY
LIFE'S CURTAIN IS RUNG DOWN
ON YOUNG ACTOR EDMUND CRANE
£T,/ i w i n8r stron 8"er in resources, industries
wL conce » sl ons, clamored for the privl-
Om «?°^ ht b >' Xew Y o^. and got them.
X"l of this two facts stand forth clearly.
tn f +. tb f l the ral1 carriers are willing
to jn.ow down San Francisco. The other
¦Thin £1 he P e °P'e of the East prefer to
nor? «£ Way of San Francisco, using this
Or"n a a i a ro 'ute' station on the road to tho
relch re tv, ls * a f? pIe evidence within ea«y
Srntnml at the rail carriers have been
the^iH^ Up , th<l East to BOt heights for
hnt» kL nt ' v ,' a Sln F-anclsco. These
wh^n'^h n t> ta^ en ln such quantities that
laSHrtn ? /i. kln^ Was in P° rt « beforo »»
mst trip to the Orient, San Francisco peo-
Frin.fi n( H 1 1 fied that no freight from San
thiV f i co ? h| PP«rs would be accepted for
in ?>, I P L Lar S e orders had been received
for th cl AL for gooda to be shipped hence
i." the Orient. Some of them were ur
?«^^«S rders - r «ceived by cable, calling
i«r^? ds w " rth f rom J20^0 to S3000 per car
iht i. ,?. ra nclscans had to Bubmlt to
c;,t t «lL mn!a , tl0 " of sending advices to their
thel ? ei i!i ln the Orlent to the effect that
thf 5 =» d not - * et the orders through on
tj 1 /: steamer of that date of sailing. Tho
£Tth * w o nt °.2 t through the Golden Gate
fnii« a ? an Fr ancisco freight and was
tini, t0 S^ a by the heartfelt maledic
if^ *2 an Fra ncisco merchants who be
fw Mlf n to have an 'nkllng of the policy
oKntaf'rJSS"""* thS ° arrler8 '" lh '
Many Excuses Made.
That was an object lesson of wide scope.
$L once 7, here arose a tumult In the bus>
ness section of the city. The Pacific Mall
people used up a great many excuses in
™" * to square themselves with an in
credulous and observing public. The fact
?« * hat »"» Pacific Mail turned down
San Francisco for Eastern freights. It be-
£ S , £PP aren t that the San Francisco
tf™ i# 8 w ? uld . bo forward some othe
time if not then, there being no choice
of routes for the San Franciscans, while
the Eastern man would not stand for anv
shfp hKoods"*' haVinK . ° ther way9 • lo
tv^VH whole Policy was to encouras*
uie Eastern shipper. Some merchant
would seem to have accepted the more cr
J.1i£ m Y, slb I? emanations that the Pa
fv.l?'^i an off , ered to wet the clamor of
their disappointed San Francisco natrons.
Others saw through the hole in the milj
stone and were not «t all deceived , or
placated They declare plainly that th->.
lesson of the episode Is that in all times
of emergency the steamships to the Ori
mm,]. D w ts * w ,l 1 H™ the Eastern and
.£» est shippers the preference over
iHf,,^. ac J flc . < f oas^ as lo . n * as the steam
sh p and railroad people think the coast
nnl P uf. rs T C £ n # b « 'mpowd upon with im
?n^ y V. The , v fac t J« Pointed out. in this
connection that the ca5>aclty of the Pa
cific Mall steamer was fullv known wKen
ni rn fW s that w "e destined
to crowd out the San Francisco business
tiZ^n ?" . onnort " nl ty to promptly reach
the Oriental markets -were accepted. They
£ j ay - hat th * entl *" e episode must have
a. bad effect on local interests when the
news reaches the Orient.
"Once give the East and Middle "West
an_open!n<r grip on the Oriental trade."
said a leading business man yesterday
and they will never let go. They will
work all they can to shut us out as much '
as possible." .
j r .L hls r * aROn the local merchants rc
fu « th ? Dol! ?y Pursued In the matter of
j ?itT ekln F wlth an « r « Tn<? outsider was
deliberately preferred rd the business man
of San Francisco. Viewed as a nrec-dent
to guide the Eastern and Middle Wept
business man and to Doint out to htm
what will.be done by the carriers when
the trade grows the affair is considerotl
with much exasperation
.». On .S T . esv }} : ot thls of palpable
discrimination Is talk In certain influen
tial quarters of the necessity for the or
ganization of Komebo<5v to take care of
the commercial interests of S« n Francis
co in the rate matter. Letters ore-now
passing and conferences are belnir held
on this subject. Out of the situation mav
and will grow, if the hopes of Rome mer
chants are realized, an organization to do
for the merchants anri shippers collect
ively what they are individually- unable
to effect for themselves. One merchant
said to a Call reporter that th« rail situa
tion Is more vulnerable now than It wai
some years ago, when other abuses forced
the citizens to form what was known as
the Traffic Association of California.
Merchants Have a Remedy. .
"The key to the whole situation " said
this merchant, "is the water. Our sea
facilities are increasing and are alrea^v
much better than thev were formerly Tf
the rail carriers declare war upon ' u<«
which is what they have virtually don?
in making un a schedule to tak«awav our
business and give it to the Ka«t. it must
not be thought that we are helpless to
?u lp »?i Un Vi lves In getting freights from
the Atlantic coast by sea. It Is easy to do
that satisfactory by ordering in time.
The huge modern steamers.' enrryhv
many times the capacity of the vessel*
of only a few years ago. have offered us
an alternative to the rai; routes whenever j
we pee fit to use it. The testimony la
tne St.. Louis rate case before the Inter
state Commerce Commissioners illustrated
our claim to be able to supply ourselves
by water, which is entirely f>nsihle "
Another merchant said: "It Is unto
President Hays now. His administration
as president of the Southern Pacific Com
nany begins just at the time when he can
help us mop* if h* feels so Inclined— Just
when the Middle West and the East are
prepared to take away from its the Ori
ental business. Tf. as President Hay*
says, the Southern Pacific Company
is going to act In such a manner as to heln
build un California, this is his eanv
chance to show us what ran he done T
have heard that there is already a great
deal of the passing of the buck in ex
plaining Oriental rates. The railway peo
ple ?av that they are compelled to make
the rates to meet the threatened competi
tion by th» Suez canal. Then thev ai«so
say. that Jim Hill began It. In former
times they said that they had to keen up
rates on account of their kicked Eastern
partners. Now they say that they havs
to nut. down rates , because of. another
wicked partner named Hill. So It goes."'
Local business men are already begin
ning seriously to fp*l the pirrh ofthe new
form of competition in the Orient bv rea
•on of the freight* that pass through San
Francisco from- the Eajst. One concern
reported yesterday the loss of a large
customer, in the Orient, who - had been
taken awav by Chienern ns the result of
the rates found In "Schedule F."
The schedule In question sets forth in
Us caption that it anpHes to Yokohama.
Kobe. Nagasaki. Shanghai and Hongkong.
Tt became effective ¦- December 1, 5900. A
carefur comparison shown that on many
commodities the rates from New York to
< he Orient are not only much less than
the* combined rates -from New' York to
Ran Francisco anfl from San Francisco
to the Orient, but tk*>t thev pre also actu
ally below the. rates from New York; 5 Chi
cago, etc.. t<> Ran Francisco. A few In-'
stances ' will iTh'^-ate tM* sufficiently.
Significant Facts.
Under "Schedule F" canned goods take
a rateof 90 cents. to the Orient from all
Eastern - points, while the rate ¦ on - the
fame goods from Eastern points -to, San
1 Francisco is ?1. Add to this the rate of
40 cents from San Francisco to the Orient
and.lt .will be seen that New York and its
allies really have a better rate than Ban
carriers as an incident to' the- Oriental en
terprises in which they are engaging.
There has been no lack of argument to
justify .the attempt to brea.k San Fran
cisco's commercial back.
New York has argued that the possibil
ity of shipping by the Suez canal entitled
It to rates across the continent, and also
across the Pacific on the Suez rate basis.
The Middle West, which is constantly
striving to take from San Fran
cisco Its trade territory. . have been
acquainted' with all the facts some weeks
and are already taking advantage of the
situation and getting the best scrip they
can upon the merchants of th»» Orient.
Topics of "Schedule F" have been sent to
them to encourage them to he!p build up
the overland freight business for the rail
THE document Issued by the
tr.iri?F<?rtation companies in
Ti-hich the new scheme against
thp prosperity of this community
is rrnbodied Is known as •'Sched
uIp F," which supersedes "Schfd
ti!e E." Exporters in New York. Chi
cago and £t. Louis and other Kastern
n rirt< pv«t eae-rlv and greedily
A n«w and dire peril confronts the 'commercial and manufacturing interests of San Francisco. Through the greed of the' transconti
nental carriers and their allies running lines of steamers from this port to the Orient, an arrangement has been effected and is now. in operation
which bestows upon New York, Chicago, St. Louis and other centers of vast commercial and manufacturing enterprises, lower freight rates to the
Orient tnan San Francisco has when the rate to the Orient from San Francisco is added to the through rate to San Francisco from the Atlantic
and Middle West States.
Had the Eastern and Middle West trade centers been moved over night to the Pacific Coast and fronting the Orient, as San Francisco
actually fronts it now, they could not have been better placed to destroy the jobbing industry of this city than they now are. The facts are just be
coming known to the business community of San Francisco and a .huge sensation is being caused by them. This city is so intent upon the building
up of its Oriental trade that it is particularly bitter over the scheme that has been adopted to hamper and cripple it A great portion of the trado
to -which this port is entitled by reason of its position on the map will be permanently diverted if some measure cannot be devised to secure its
natural rights. Such are the views entertained by many leading business men, manufacturers and producers who have talked with reporters of
The Call in the last few days. Not until the present week has the full import of the situation dawned upon many who are. now studying it in all its
phases. Those who have looked the matter up see it clearly enough now. ,
Rail Carriers, in Conjunction With Steamship Lines, Give to New York and
Chicago Freight Rates Whieh. Are Lower to the Oriental
Countries Than to the Pacific Coast.
SAN FRANCISCO IN DANGER OF LOSING
ITS TRADE WITH ORIENTAL COUNTRIES
ONE SISTER ACCUSES .
AJXOTHER OF DECEPTION"
12
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .. '.,^, .,-„-,^ ,,,,.,-,
mm WAIST nFPARTMFNT some surprising- nev/s from oua mm
®^ w , ucrMnimcni. flannelette gown counter. m®
SS^A make the occasion memorable by offerins .M-LEITE C.OW^b. regojin. p^^c . E^tS
values of the rarest and most emphatic ror i\Y»""UVi« gWW
. H^^:® description. Our waists are to be sold at They ar^ made of be-»t quality dainy Ifi^l
S«S?»5B a price without parallel in the waist his- clotn. double yoke, back and front. > oko Fft$~DS
MBglBja . tory of this store collar nml cuffs trimmed with featner- WPKfSB
ESI F °«- example. LADIES" WAISTS made l^^I!^ 1^^ 1^^ -?p i^Sl
(jemm of best quality soft taffeta, tucked front fmaU stores smallest price •»« ffi8&£&
ff^SWSRB an d hack, new Bishop sleeves, lined Wn Rnn't I iVa ti Rnact hilt Wp RP'A ill 5 B'wTiL*^
MVSSMS throughout and trlmm-d with tiny pearl " L """i U * 2 U B2 5 S »> DUI " B OtJl ' Ul "
JJlSSB^ naH heads, fancy adjustable collar. Colors RFST GLOVFS nil th a C03St at Im^PL.
mSSwIgBB black - "Pht blue, cerise and -laven^i. UUv *' ; i LU .' L _ 0 Uil | ' w _"""' Ol feeKcSS^i
green, cadet and white. A surprising bar- 1119 MOSt ReaSOHaule PriCaS. gPSfcSgffJW
ffiWSWSgffl n 8— *•» We are selUn B this week a regular St.^ Isifi&ilai
m§£9 OTHERS CHEAPER ?nd MORE EXPEN- f0^Vof-b^'R™i«"«d:"SS! WMM
MffiW • SIVE, al! bearing the Unmlstakath ffl 1 ; *£$?\£3&*ZF £%»¦ and 'iiS
Print of Sreat Reductions. Sff™. "!l!^.^.. t ." .T^..^?..^..|SS
1 Intensely Interesting News From Our <rfi§\ Also, Ladles' 20th CENTURY Tempting Values In Our Meckwair Dap! i
I VEILING DEPARTMENT. £fc^> EMPIRE or GIRDLE COR- • ye have just re- |
g BOO yards veiling In. all the newes? Wp *\ SETS, made Of COCd fast j&tSgL Amount *of V LA- % B
| meshes and designs, dotted or plain. f '. , 6 . .. &&=&& n i f q- <- v C. K VI
J, in best fast Mack mesnes. a regular p \ black sateen, double ' ¦.*?. f > e c . k yi
W QiTi^T^l!Xi^ r cEs:-irAT^ /i?^\ side s-e3!s, rust- j^Rj^S |
K^iV^orV^v^^ 5 - T0 ° 7^3L, P^f front steels. (P^gfi^ JtockS5wS?.%o^ 1
¦ T£t i SI Snrv ?»,- ' l.rWfP? 8 atn r!bbOn trIm " flP^' haVln « met Wlth U
' mat is me story. Below are tne i V \,:vSS>Ai? i •} * rormtriprnhi* h»i«v id
¦ M aSiE? q S^ U SLi.'f b t ks*FuM'\ med ' Plnk ' b!U " have only jU ,t r^ n hed«% 9 d t eI^ |
I" '-^^^'^r^'' rar^ wack and white a,- « »r^rW rt i ss,iiss r ?o 1< s5i if s2s a
• effect! 15 B f "es full tth""^ tOnIshin ? VaIU8S 45C a " thls Sek « eVen at a Ioss t0 OUr ' PI
rlatfv nrtiLf ' Ien 6 th - Sp«- » . telves. They are made of best qual- H
AGAIN TAnfFv'wnw *,* S CRCATCAIF OF FMRRnmFRIF 1 ? lty Liberty silk and crinkled valda: Eg
KtSvF^r^rn GREJTHFF FHBROIDEBIE. £ 'SXSK™,^^ lS J 1
less. Our matchlfss price.. '2Tn' .^S^rVJVI*^ principally reaucinff s.nrK j* i . »«* fc<
i j Jr i-iS^Ks^Aa Swiss cambric HXTK> SPECIAL. C
I Y/e Aiwayi Lead In Show ne Sometfiins: ' *&v*t*fi&3 ai i d nainsook - indies- collars, made o t best \
\ Vew to Our Patrons. R C^MlFW nn .^.^. v^ et :. 0^ g
i n p t^^a^. 11 W^- I b n a 3 bT lon w.dth^ in Our Knitted Undsmar Deo't. |
1 he^^ W T.J WENTIETH CEX- yw^Uvajwl medium widths LADIES' COMBINATION STTT3. £
h ? U ?I, Cp^T. m *t* of the best a ?A rZ} l e Ondta style, made of very ttneit S
fl fast black Jean, double side steels. f&SCBS&ggJ wintns. me ..e- r , cked Australian wool, steam shrunk t
rust-proof front steels, bias cut. hand l»IH§Pg ns ? r %,*l"t and medicated. htarh neck. Ion? f.
I ¦ Bored new low-sloping bust, new tic and. div erst- J^ ve J% nkU , length* neck crocheted |
5 straight front models-a most com- he T ¦ "~ s -^erns for baby wear »'" drawn through with silk wash %
toT^b\B--ana M^tBctoTyeor^To.^%.^^^^^"- Como ribbon; Colors whke ?nd Sny. An
! j be placed on sale to-morrow at In 4^ and 6 yard strips. article Bellins elsewhere for «2: our J
S| S1.OO 81noh«» 6c; 3 inehes lOc ; 7 lnehei ISc. special Sl.nO
I ofKTis^u&RBS.ir^pr ROQRNRRRn children's
| LAS. made of ' th. beat +J K^J E2j IT V^ C3 JC^ 1 H3 CL LV <-^ * RAINCOATS, I
a Italian twill cloth. . . . , . _ — _ m^ m m _^ J— _^ ___ ___ t,
H Bteel- rod and steel 3 1G IM JX R ' K. E?!T STFt^^T Made of the best
% frames, natural wood „ , '/^ M^f ,.^ n < .. T" «^.. J, -.,..«.«/» ' wIlled waterproof
I handles; our giving: Running Through to II O'Farrell St. PHELAN BUILDING, c i o th; was $3.50; r^- ?
3 a™* P rlce •• 4t)o I^A.IU OR,DEIR,S FIXjIjEID. duced to 81.75 \
H^^44fefe :^. A GREAT SALE FOR FRIDAY
EffiMSJ ffiR- AND SATIIROAV
I The Snappiest of • | <£f\ QC. !
• 0 V E R CO A T S. : l__'_i # _ ?
• S1O. Special, I S^ fet^f^^k P^^^ffl * Drx 1 C? 1
! nr* /VIPN'^ • ? Ca?i you picture any- \
J mClN t M^M^m^g^^ \thin? handsomer or J
• TROUSERS ; MM^m^^^^^M i dressierthaihtheR °v a }<
! FOR $2.75. : [that we'll guarantee}
• A great leader for these * P^^^^^^S ? <<? color f or all> 7)le ' j;
t days only. AH of our swell- W Nothing can equal it'
• est MenU $5.00 Trousers in, j * af $ 20 ' S P ecial with *
• Cif\ I C rv.^5. * )-^^33 cHftv? h/ I ti £^^L
« SO dnzin, Boys' Sweaters * VtM 1 9 ' t^T ' . *¦ *-*^*'^--^
• 7 73 tn'iny pretty colorings. ? ywysfl * t~tr^ n j ?~xr^ 4 4
• Cut price for this special * J*!&fi&^ * 1 »^| jr 1 Cl I 1^" !
| 49 C * : THE ' : Ml-ivool Bannock-/
- • y^ . \ burn Scotch Cheviots*
: ® PrF atwhIty * 1*^ liliii
i J^K^ ?1 ha P d ' omest | A ¦ WCiMI Y= so'd uv yZ-k
4 /i \\/ 1 / i A Suf ' a in blu ° I DOI I AP I to $5. n?XPf\ v
•'[/•'(j/ wiih * e P ara t° 1 KAvJL,A.lM < to 15 |v_ £ • . by^-j '
4 /6yg .L* ¦ t\ ~V/V doub'e breasted J T*/^ r > VA^ri—«^kB-^ 1 7J(inr<t \ 5 *—* L / '
mMm^m^i to=dayfor r^ jlr^il
: f ALi ' %& % " I ®A O - 1 p t l {ee for ' WKl"
te Fr ' da * and ? Jhi I Sk 4 these LJ \M ;
t W @ Saturday. ? %J^ JLJadm \days, I 1 ;
? II /li ust as Pictured above, \ CO CO ri m 1
? & V En/.CL!| : ™><'-de iii^ two weaves of k A/.tJll J} 4
? i v Hpiil-rvi the highest grade of Ox- V 4lWU U ::¦
1 ford Cheviot. ,\ i-._. T - , T T , , ....:;
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
A Parlor Is never compfete without a
Bay-Window Tabls. This beautiful tab.'e fc
genuine mahogany, blrdseys map!e or golden
oak, polish finish; can ba bought for $1.00.
less 10 per cant for cash. All other goods
In same proportion.
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPEN EVENINGS. Opp. Taylor ft.
I Quality I
Purest, sweetest, most i
Healthful Cooking Material jj
I "Ko-NuH
S A Sterilixed Cocoamit Fat for ; B
D Shortening, Frying and |
H General Cooking. ||
H Guaran'efd Free of An. mil Matter. M
i Fry MUSH In "KO-NUT," |
I it is a re v? Iation. g
3 Ask Your Grocer or Write. : S
| India Refining Co., 1
H Philadelphia. .V I
DRMONULTY.
THIS WfclX-KNOWN AND REUABLE OLD
I SppctaltotcwrejBlood Poison, (ionnrrhCBa.Ole-t.
Htrictar*. Mrrnliittl Weakneiw.ini potrnco and thalr
nlllsd Diwirdara. Book on Diaeaaps ot Men, fr<Nt
9to3<!»ily ;8:30to9.30«v' n Sondnrs, 10 to 12. CmsuU
UUon free and sacredly confidential. C»O or address
P.nosoOE MeNUI/TY. M.D.
«O>; Kcarny Mt., San Fraoclsco* Cat