VIENNA, Feb. 12.— In the lower
House of the Reichsrath to-day,
when Archduke Ferdinand's dec
laration relative to his marriage
to -the Countess Chotek and re
nunciation of the right of succession to
the throne was read, the young Czech3
arose in a body and walked out after their
spokesman had congratulated the Arch-
Walk Out in a Body When His Renunciation
of His Right of Succession to the
Throne' Is Read.
CZECHS IN AUSTRIAN
REICHSRATH REMAIN
LOYAL TO FERDINAND
ARCHDUKE FERDINAND OF AUS
TRIA AND THE COUNTESS CHO
TEK.
MAJOR GENERAL S. B. M. YOUNG, WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN AS GEN
ERAL SHAFTER'S SUCCESSOR IN COMMAND OF- THE DEPART
MENT OF CALIFORNIA.
General Shafter when seen last night
said he had not heard of the order from
Washington appointing General Young as
his successor, and that naturally he would
not have heard about it if the order was
Issued only yesterday. In relation to his
plans for the future. General Shafter said
he would remain in- California the greater
portion of the time. He already owns a
home In Kern County, near Bakersfleld,
and contemplates purchasing a residence
in San Francisco Immediately after hl3
retirement.
the reorganization law at the following
points: One each at Fort Meyer. Virginia.
Fort Sam Houston, Texas; Fort Leaven
worth, Kansas; Fort Meade, South Dako
ta: Fort Snelllng. Minnesota; Fort Ham
points: One each at Fort Meyer, Virginia:
Vancouver Barracks, Washington; Fort
Logan, Colorado, and Fort Ethan Allen,
V-rmont. and two each at Fort Pilov
Kansas, and at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco. ¦ '
" CRAWFORDSVILLE. Ind., Feb. 13.—
Maurice Thompson is now unconscious
and his 'physicians have given up all
hopes. (
Thompson's Death Is Near.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— It is said in
official. quarters to-night that General P.
C. Knox of PIttsburg. Pa., has been se
lected by the President to succeed Mr.
Grlggs as Attorney General after Mirrch
4. The President's first choice was Senator
Spoprfer, but the latter declined. The
President was anxious to have Knox for
his Attorney General four years ago.
.torney General.
Selected by the President to Be At*
XNOX TO SUCCEED GBIGGS.
earnest, as a large number of hitherto
peaceful Yaquis have Joined the warriors.
The Indians broke away from 500 Fed
eral troops, who' guarded them. • At" Slris
they ravaged .ranches, .stole horses and
provisions; and fled to the Yaqui River.
Several ' prominent ranchers were kilTed
by the Yaquis. ¦. Soldiers pursued the In
dians, but caught only a few.
People are excited at Hermosillo and ad
vices received by Tucson ; merchants to
day ; warn 'Americans, against going into
the mountains. It : is believed he-re that
the Yaqui warfare : has just begun • in
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 12.— Ignacio Gaxi
alo was ambushed and killetl by Yaqui
Indians at Slris, near Hermosillo. yester
day. General Torres made an effort to se
cure a large number of Yaqui Indians to
take them to "the interior of the republic,
the. Government hoping to stop the Yaqui
warfare by this plan. He brought the
Indians to Hermosillo after the soldiers
had killed Verde, aft old chief of the
Yaqulsat Hermosillo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MES. DEEXEL-BIDDLE.
TO BE DIVORCED
Will Hake No Contest and Will Im-
mediately Marry Farnando
Yznagtu
N"ETT TOKiC. Keb. 12— Dr. Clement Bld
«le of Philadelphia will secure an abso
lute divorce from his Trite. Mrs. Con
stu.nc« r>rexel-Bi«J^!e. on". February 2?
and immediately afterward Mrs. BIddle
¦will marry Fernando Trnaga.
Mrs. Biddle is at the Hotel Earlington.
She said: "Yes, it is true that as soon as
my husband secures his decree I will
marry Mr. Fernando Yznaga, who Is a
brother of the Dowager Duchess of Man
chester. It is also true that I will not
defend my husband's divorce suit against
me. I will allow him to procure the de
cree by default.
"I shall retire from the stage in a few
days. There are no real ladies and gen
tlemen on the stage."
Mr. Yzr.aga is a millionaire.
Mr?. Biddle was a Miss Morris, daugh
ter of Maurice Morris, a wealthy retired
rnf-rchent of Los Angeles. She has re
cently been playing In "Mme. Saccard,"
but was a wretched failure.
PT.ATJ- TO CONTROL I/AKES' ¦
OKE-CAEBYING TRADE
Humored Significance of the Proposed
Carnegie-Morgun Consolida
tion DeaL
PITTSBURG. Feb. 12.— A rumor reached
h*re to-flay that the proposed Carnegie-
Morgan deal contemplates the consolida
tion of the Plttsburg Steamship Company,
the Carnegie concern, the great Rocke
feller ore fleet and the fleet of the Ameri
can Steel and Wire Company. The new
organization' in that case will dominate
entirely the ore-carrying trade of the
preat -lakes.
It was stated by one of the minority
stockholders to-tfay that the deal Is of
much greater significance than has ever
been reported. He refused to specify, ex
plaining that he is bound by a promise
rot to disclose certain facts that came to
his knowledge through the company
channels.
At the Carnegie building an official said
that an announcement would be made the
latter t>a.rt of the week.
SOCIAL LIGHTS COMING
IN MAGNIFICENT TBAIN
"Dr. Seward Webb of New York In
augurates a Function Enjoyable
Only by Multi-Millionaires.
NEW YOKK. Feb. 12.— Dr. Seward,
Webb has originated a new social func
tion, one that only multi-millionaires can
enjoy. It Is a transcontinental private
train party. On Saturday a- train made
up of six of the finest private cars In the
•world will leave the Grand Central sta
tion for a run across the continent to Cal
ifornia and back. Dr. and Mrs. Webb and
about thirty of their closest friends in
the fashionable set will occupy the train.
The whole machinery of the New York
Central system is now at work to make
the train the most magnificent that ever
traveled over any railway. Not a single
luxury that can be had In the Waldorf-
Astoria will be lacking in the train, with
the possible exception of- a ballroom.
TATT WILL GOVEBN
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Civil Administration to Supplant the
Military When Army Bill
Passes.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— The President
will appoint Judge William II. Taft to be
Governor of the Philippine Islands as
FO<-.n as the army appropriation bill, car
rying the Spconcr amendment, becomes a
/law. Military rale in the Philippines will
V* supplanted by civilian administra
tion as completely as it Is now estab
lished la Porto Rico.
landed a stinging blew squarely on Fitz
slmmons' nose. Fitzslmmons was knocked
down. Before he could recover from -his
astonishment . and . before he could 'arise
Sweet whipped up.hla team and drove off.
The carriage passed over Fitzslmmons',
foot. About this time his train' arrived
and Fitzslmmons limped aboard, nursing
a bruised and bloody nose.
Sweet was in the act of climbing into
his seat when FItz&lmmons caught him
by the foot and with an offensive epithet
declared his intention to pull the livery
man.off the carriage and Blap his face.
Hanging to the. carriage with one hand.
Sweet partly turned and with the other
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
•ASHTABULA, Ohio. Feb. 12.— Bob Fitz
simmons, the ex-champion pugilist,
tackled the wrong man here this morning
and received a bloody nose as a result,
and that, too, from a man of very small
stature and* with a cork leg. It Is sup
posed that lack of appreciation of Fltz-
Simmons' show last night made the pu
gilist sullen. He was looking for trouble
this morning when he arrived at tha
Nickel Plate depot. Liveryman Clarence
Sweet supplied the carriage In which Bob
and Mrs. Flt4simmoii3 rode. Fitzslmmons
protested his charges, but after hot words
paid it. He followed Sweet out. to the
carriage, where the Quarrel was renewed.
Knocks Down the Pugilist and Then Whips Up
His Horses and Escapes.
Details of these extraordinary appro
priations were presented to. the House to
day by Representative McClellan of/New
York during the debate on the army ap
propriation bill, which carries appropria
tions aggregating $117,934,649. McClellan
showed that by adding to this appropria
tions for the Military Academy and ap
propriations carried In .the legislative,
executive and judicial and sundry civil
bills, directly chargeable to the adminis
tration of the army, the total cost of the
army proper during the next fiscal year,
assuming that there will be no deficlences
to be provided for. wiir be $121,572,300.
Adding to this the appropriation for for
tifications the total Is brought up to $123,-
ONE-LEGGED HACKMAN WORSTS
EX-CHAMPION FITZSIMM0NS
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET. N. W.. "WASHINGTON. Feb.
12.— Appropriations for purely military and
naval objects for the next fiscal year will
aggregate, approximately. $365,000,000. This
is leaving out of the calculation all de
ficiency appropriations for military and
naval objects made "by -the present session
of Congress, which -bring the total up to
the enormous sum of $405,000,000. ¦
Enormous Total of the Estimates That Are Made
for the Ensuing Fiscal Year.
MORE THAN FOUR HUNDRED
MILLIONS FOR ARMY AND NAVY
The retirement of Generals John M.
Wilson and Fitzhugh Lee will take effect
Immediately after the confirmation of
their nominations as brigadier generals by
the Senate. General Merriam. command
ing the Department of the Colorado, will
take charpe of the Department of the
Missouri, in conjunction with his present
duties, for the present.
Orders were issued at the War Depart
ment to-day for the location of the new
light batteries of artillery provided for in
: \t \f V ASHINGTON *- Feb - 12.-Gen-
N\ )\ / eral S. B. M. Young, who yes-
Yy terday was confirmed a major
general, has been chosen to
succeed General Shafter in command of
the Department of California, with head
quarters at San Francisco. He will re
lieve General Shafter about the middle of
March, and the latter will he appointed a
major general In the army and immedi
ately retired in accordance with the terms
of the army reorganization law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This Is the total cost of the present
military establishment. The military
budget, however, is" Increased by enor
mous expenditures growing out of the
past war's and M-cClellan showed that
these, including pensions, administration
of Pension Office, appropriations for
soldiers' homes and all other items grow
ing directly cMt of former wars, would
aggregate $154,052,094, bringing \ the total
military budget for. the next fiscal year,
exclusive of the navy, up to $282,851,855.
The cost of the navy during the next
fiscal year, including administration of
the Navy Department, will be more than
$180,000,000. McClellan pointed out that on
the basis of an army' of 100,000 men the
cost per soldier, exclusive of the cost of
fortifications . and . expenditures on ac
count of former wars, would be $1215 per
year, or 51 64 for each man, woman and
"child in the United States. The cost per
soldier. Including appropriations for f or
tificatipns and for former wars, will be
$2818, or $3 80 per capita. In the German
army the cost of each soldier Is only 5227
per year, or %2 59 per capita, and in the
French army the cost of each soldier is
$232, or $3 25 per capita. .
here.' regard with growing.; anxiety" the
development^ of Empress 'Frederick's ill
ness.*' Her old complaint recently, became
eggraVated by acute- heart 1 trouble.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
nid. Copyright. IMl.-by the Herald Pub
•, llihlnc Company. ....,.••
;.- BERLIN, ' Feb. 12.— The- Fraenkische
Kurler, which is. often .well informed, has
learned: from ' Berlin that court , circles
Old Complaint Recently Has Become
A ggravated by Acute Heart
' . ... Trouble.
ALARMED "AT EMPRESS
• FREDERICK'S ILLNESS
There were about 2000 orientals thus em
uloyed, and of these about 1500 have been
displaced by White men. It Is said that
Mr. Hill did not employ, these men from
choice, but because [t was impossible to
find white labor. The Japs performed Ie3s
work in a day. than their white com
panions, but they received less pay and
there was no objection on this point.
They were poor workm* . and great de
stroyers of raw material.
President Hill of the Great Northern
Agrees to Demands of the
Unions.
MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 12.— At the Great
Northern general offices It Is learned that
President J. J. Hill has acceded to the. de
mands of the labor unions in the North
western States and will dispense with
Japanese labor In tho 'shops and on tap
road. —
JAPS TO BE REPLACED
BT WHITE, LABORERS
Mr. and Mrs'.\Cteorg«:Cro"cker Give a
* Vaudeville; Breakfast" in New
York. ,\
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.— A very delight
ful entertainment upon the anniversary
of Lincoln's birthday was given by Mr.
.and Mrs. George Crocker at their home,
1 East Sixty-fourth street.. It was a vau
deville breakfast, or rather a vaudeville
entertainment ' after a most substantial
breakfast. Guests numbering sixty were
seated at small tables placed in the din
ing room and library. During the serv
ing of the breakfast an orchestra played
airs from various vaudeville seleciions
now so popular in New York.
After breakfast ; there was a regular
vaudeville performance. A stage was
erected In one corner of the drawing
room, where turns were given by favo
rites of the day. Miss Cecilia Loftus was
seen in her impersonations of famous
American actresses, Pat Rooney and
Mayme Ghrut gave some clever songs
and dances, Henry E. Dlxey some of his
sleight of hand tricks and Edgar Atchi
son Ely appeared In lightning change
scenes. The little nephew of the hostess,
Edgar Carroll, dressed like a page with
powdered hair, placed cards announcing
the 'various turns of the artists. The en
tertainment went off with a tremendous
snap. Among* the guests were Mr. an'd
Mrs. Charles B. Alexander, Mr. and Mrs.
William Pollock, Mr. and Mrs. John
Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. John Charles
Oelrichs, Mr. and Mrs. Lanfear Norrle,
Mr. and Mrs. Pembroke Jones, Baroness
de Selllere, Mr. and Mrs. F. Burrall Hoff
man, Mr. and Mrs. S. Barton French, Mr.
and Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, William P.
Douglass, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Chllds,
Colonel and Mrs. William Jay, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward J. Berwln, Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Seton, Mrs. Frederick Pearson,
Mr. and Mrs. William Street, Mr. . and
Mrs. James Splcer, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar
Carroll and Mr. and Mrs. Edward'Moore
Robinson. .-¦..•-:-'-* - 1 .',
ENTERTAIN. THEIR FRIENDS
IN* CHAR^UIITO
Band Escapes From Mexican Troops and Is Joined
, by Hitherto Friendly Indians. •'
MADRID, Feb. 12.— Whispered rumor*,
which are not supported, by tangible facts.
say that Madrid is on the verge of a tu
mult. The Government, -.however* Is
calmly- pr&c'eedins: to\ carry out the de
tails for the wedding- of the Princess of
the -Asturias: to Prince Charles of Bour
bon", but! the" 'street corners, the clubs and
the 'hotel.' coVridors. tsem with disturbing
stories. The .new shout. ••Lonff-llve the
army," Is the most serious sign. Should
It take a real hold on the people, and
should the fever reach the army Itself, Che
outcome would be threatening. The cur
rent talk represents the army as benv-f
dissatisfied and announcing that it doe3
not intend to take up arms aealnst the
people so- long as their opposition is di
rected against the Jesuits and the Count
of Caserta. The feeling against the for
mer is largely political, but a real and
deep-seated antagonism exists against the
former Carlist leader.
The decision of.tho High Court to-day
favoring the contention of the mother !n
the TJbao case, giving the daughter Into
her charge and releasing her from the
convent, is likely to have a soothing ef
fect. '
The signing at the palace to-night of the
civil contract in connection with the wed
ding wa3 a simple ceremony and was wit
nessed by only the members of the royal
family, the court officials, the Ministry,
the Count of Caserta omd his family and
the chosen legal witnesses of each party.
There were no Invited guests.
At 9 o'clock the assemblage —athered in
the Queen Regent's reception room, In
which had been placed a table containing
writing materials. The Regent entered,
escorted by court attendants and followed
by the Infantas Isabella, Eulalia an<l
Maria Teresa, th* Princess of the Astu
rias, Prince Charles, of Bourbon, the
Count and Countess of Caserta and their
three daughtprs, the Duke and Duchess
of . Calabria; Prince Genaro, younger
brother of the Count of Caserta: the
suite of the Count of Caserta, consisting
of Prince Bella Rocca and Marqrfls Im
pcri.-ile.; all members of the Cabinet: Gen
erals "Weyler, Echague. Bernal and Azura.
chosen as witnesses for the bridegroom.
When all had arrived Marquis del Va
dillo, Minister of Justice, acting as a no
tary Public for the Government, read
the ¦' document and announced the
formality * to be that of signing
it.. The Princess of Asturias first
YAQUIS MURDERING RANCHERS
IN THE HERMOSILLO DISTRICT
PRINCESS OF THE ASTURIAS
SIGNS MARRIAGE CONTRACT
duke and his wife and had declared that
the Czechs did not recognize the com-
petence of the Reichsrath to deal with
matters affecting the succession to the
throne In the dominions of the Bohemian
crown. The Premier, Dr. Coeber, subse
quently urged the House to proceed In a
parliamentary manner and deal ¦with the
budget and other 3erlous works.
Madrid on Verge of Tumult While Preparations
for Her Wedding to Prince Charles Continue.
signed her full legal name. Prince
Charles of Bourbon followed, and
then the Queen Recent, the members of
the Cabinet and the generals who wit
nessed the Instrument on behalf of the
Prince. When all the signatures had been
appended the Minister of Justice placed
his seal upon the document and the cere
mony was ended. Th*v document will b3
published to-morrow in the Official Ga
zette. -.. : '
POPULACE LACKS LEADEB.
Throughout M&drid.
Threatening Demonstrations Continue
MADRID, Feb. 12.-Elght hundred stu
dents, led by a woman and bearing French
and Spanish flags, assembled this after
noon in the Puerta del Sol and started
cries for the army and against the Jesuits
and the Count of Caserta. They were
quickly dispersed, but continued reassem
bling in Various parts of the city. The
afternoon was one of continual manifes
tations, though without serious incident.
During the entire day civil guards were
everywhere visible. The crowds were
largely composed of youths and street
idlers, but behind them were agitators and
the sentiment of the people.
This evening- 200 mounted civil guards
paraded Puerta del Sol with drawn
swords, preventing any collection of peo
ple. There can be no doubt that the feel-
Ing of the populace is deep-rooted, need
ing only a successful leader to encourage
the people to menacing deeds.
The Government has suppressed the Re
publican organ El- Pais. Senor Pi y Mar
gall, leader of the Federal Republicans,
speaking yesterday, said he believed the
present movement was the prelude of a
REVERSES LOWEB COURTS.
Popular -Decision Rendered in the
~ " TJbao Case.
MADRID. Feb. 12.— The High Court
has reversed the Judgment of the two
lower courts and has ordered the restitu
tion, of Senorita Ubao.
This case has been the occasion of much
disorder that has taken place in Madrid
recently. It is an action brought by a
mother to compel the Jesuits to give up
the custody of her daughter, who. It Is
alleged, was Induced by a zealous priest
to take the veil without the consent of
her parents. •
LONDON. Feb. 12.— General Kitchener.
In a dispatch from Pretoria, dated Febru
ary 12, ?ayg: "French has cap.tured a con
voy of fifty wagons and fifteen carts and
has made forty-three prisoners. We had
one man •wounded."
Plet Dewet has arrived at Cape Town
to engage the Afrikanders in the peace
rnovrment.
Two hundred Boers are raiding the
Prince Albert district, looting stores and
destroying orchards ar:d gardens. Several
¦were killed and wounded. Seven British
yeomanry, while Ekirmishing, were cap
tured by a commando near Vryburg,
¦which was forced to retire.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 12.-Twenty-seven
Australians.- Cape police and dragoons
were captured by Kreutzln^er's comman
do eight miles from Ballaspruit. en Feb
ruary €. after a fight in which three" Brit
ish and five Boers were killed. The Brit
ish were afterward released.
PRETORIA, Feb. 12.-General Christian
Dewet crossed Orange River Into Cape
Colony last night a few miles north of
Norvalspont and Is now making for the
Philipstown district. Generals Plumer,
Knox and Bruce-Ha.miHon are following
him. All drifts are guarded and mined.
Epec:«i IXspatch to The Call.
Armies oi Three Generals
Pursue the Intrepid
Patriot.
Dewet Joins the In
vaders in British
Territory,
BOER LEADER
CROSSES INTO
CAPE COLONY
The chairman of the National Commit
tee is now collecting material for the
preparation of an anti-trust bill which be
is to introduce in the Senate as soon as
the Fifty-seventh Congress shall have or
ganized. This measure :is to have the
support of Senators Tillman. Bailey, Dan
iel and other Bryanites jj ifii| the Senate,
and the leader of the party Is to advocate
It In the Commoner. Democratic leaders
know the bill cannot pass at any time
during McKlnley's second term, so it is
to be made sweeping in scope and ex~ t
trtmely radical sin policy.
The Bryanite programme Is to fteep.the
bill to the front, advocate'lt In and out
of Congress and use it as a means to re
vive the waning Bryan sentiment
throughout the country. '.-¦
Senator Jones of Arkansas, chairman of
the Democratic National Committee, is
to lead the fight for a third nomination
for Eryan. The Senator? has written to
prominent Bryanite Democrats In this
city outlining the Democratic, policy for
1904. The paramount issue'ls to be "war
against the trusts" and capital.., ¦
NEW YORK, Feb. 12*.— Projected move
ments for the reorganization of the Dem
ocratic party have been ''"abandoned by
some of the leading Gold Democrats of
this city because of advices from Wash
ington to the effect that >W. J. Bryan has
already made arrangements for. a third
nomination for President," and his policy
and the platform for 1904 are to be cre
ated In advance by his friends in the
United States Senate.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Leader Hopes to Ride Into
Power as aPoe.of .
Nebraskan's Friends
in Senate Begin
Campaign,
BRYAN'S PLAN
FOR A THIRD
NOMINATION
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 12.— The
primary election in Kansas City. Kans..
to-day was remarkable because of the ac
tivity of the women voters. Never before
since the women of Kansas were given
suffrage which made them eligible to vote
at . municipal and school elections has
there been such Interest • manifested
among the sex as In the present Mayor
alty contest. Eighteen hundred women
registered this year to vote at the pri
maries, .and many others voted to-day
who registered last year and were not
required to register. Many women clerks
were in evidence at the election booths.
*rhe saloons were closed during the pro
gress of the primaries.
Heavy Vote Cast in the Kansas City
. Primaries. '
WOMEN AT THE POLLS.
WICHITA. Feb. 12.— Mrs. Carrie Nation
will be sued for divorce by her 70-year
old husband If she dees not return from
the East at once. He Is very weary, he
says, of her manner of action there. Mr.
Nation was here to-day in consultation
with his attorneys relative, to his wife's
trial, and. It is said, made plans to have
divorce proceedings formulated In the
near future.
At midnight, accompanied by a few
women. Mrs. Nation went Into the levee
district. She entered a saloon operated
by John Juertsch. He was apparently
glad to see her and they indulged in a
quiet talk. As Mrs. Nation entered the
place a young man embraced her and
cr.'ed out, "How are you, grandma?"
The young man, who : Is manager for
Juertsch, was recogrnlzed by the crusader
as her husband's (David Nation's) grand-
Before entering the hall Mrs. Nation de
clared that it was her intention to get
the saloon-keepers of Chicago together and
talk to them. She was determined to do
this, she said, if shje was compelled to
remain In Chicago a week to accomplish
her purpose.
CHICAGO. Feb. 12.-Mrs. Carrie Nation
arrived in Chicago to-night and within
fifteen .minutes after reaching the city
she was facing a somewhat diminutive
audience gathered" under the auspices of
local members of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union in Willard Hall. Only
a very small crowd was at the depot and
the arrival of Mrs. Nation produced no
excitement whatever. At Willard Hall
a small crowd awaited her. She talked
strongly against the saloons and much
enthusiasm was worked up.
Small Crowd Gathers to Welcome Her
Arrival. ; •„ j
MRS. NATION IN CHICAGO.
The condition of Ryan Is serious and
he may not recover. Mrs. Snyder also
Is In a critical condition. The three sa
loons have closed and will not attempt to
open till law and order are restored. The
affair has created tr sensation, as those
who belong to the Carrie Nation Club aro
the most prominent women of the place.
Citizens say that if the saloons attempt
to reopen they will be dynamited. If
necessary. In order to abolish them. War
rants will be sworn out for the leaders
and those who participated in the fight.
A large crowd gathered upon the scene
and, a free-for-all fight ensued between
the saloon element and sympathizers of
the women. Bartender Ryan was knocked
down and kicked Into Insensibility by the
husband of Mrs. Snyder. Mrs. Stephen
Garrett was struck on the face by a
thrown beer bottle. The police were
powerless and the fight lasted half an
hour.
Meanwhile the women had gained ths
inside and demolished a large mirror and
emptied all of the bottles upon the floor.
Faucets in whisky barrels were turned
open and liquor and wines flooded the
floor. . •
Grimes, realizing that the wreck made
him a pauper, rushed Into the saloon and
choked Mrs. Snyder almost Into Insensi
bility, and dragged her from the place.
Her army was quick to tne rescue, how
ever, and with clubs and what brick*
were left beat him almost to death.
With Mrs. Snyder in the lead the army
advanced to the near-by saloon of Dan
Grimes, who had just opened a new
place with all modern Improvements.
Without a moment's warning a half-hun
dred bricks were hurled against the glass
front and before the astonished proprietpr
realized what was wrong the front of the
Faloon looked as if a cyclone had struck
it. The inmates scrambled through a rear
door.
special meeting held last night It was
voted to ¦wipe the three saloons in Jack
sonville off the earth. Mrs. James Sny
der, the president, addressed the" ladles.
who numbered more than a hundred. En
thusiasm ran hign and .to-day every
hatchet, ax, club and brlcR In the neigh
borhood was speedily collected.
CRAWFORDSVILLE. Ind.. Feb. . 12.—
Women of Jacksonville, near this city,"
recently, organized a Carrie Nation Club
and passed • resolutions .advocating the
methods of Mrs. N'atlon In . her crusade
against the saloons In Kansas. At &
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Beat -Bartender' Almost to
Death and a Free Fight
Follows.
Defend Their Leader
. Against a Vicious
Attack.
WOMEN RAID
SALOON AND
CAUSE RIOT
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
PRICE. FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— !N T O. 75.
Will Be Placed in Command of the Depart
ment of California About the
Middle of March.
MAJOR GENERAL YOUNG
NAMED AS SUCCESSOR
TO GENERAL SHAFTER
son.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.PERJURY IN ITS VARIETY, FROM THE SHAMELESS CONFESSION OF A -WHITE LIAR TO THE DIPLOMATIC
AND CHEERFUL FALSEHOOD OF CHINESE EVADERS OF THE TRUTH. MARKED THE POLICE INVESTI
GATION IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY.
Whom do you mean by 'they'?"
"The general blackguards." (Meaning
the highbinders.)
"How was the money divided?"
"Each man was assessed so much.
I don't know where it went. That
matter belongs to the internal ar
rangement."
"Were you not forced to Join the
highbinders and pay blackmail P"
WHITE WATCHMEN
'¦ : ; : "¦¦; i - foil BEScrrjE wobk
"I would not want to answer that.
I could not stay in Chinatown for a
day if I tell you."
"If you do answer that, would they
kill youP"
"That is so." ;;^
"Do you know where any of 'the
money raised for breaking Sergeant
Price went toP" Y\* -
"I don't know so as to say a posi
tive word about it."
"Don't you know who received the
money P" . ,!¦
After thinking over the question
for a few minutes, the witness an
swered: **I won't say a word about it.
If you look up the records and see
who tried to hurt Sergeant Price you
will not make any mistake. Tou will
not' be far from the men who got the
money." " •
This last statement of the witness
caused a sensation in the room.
Secretary Kane of Society for Preven-
tion of Vice Gives Important
Testimony.
Secretary Frank Kane of the Society
for the Prevention of Vice was then
called upon to testify. He stated that he
had been engaged in the rescue work of
slave girls for the past seven years. He
testified that he had made many arrests
and rescues in that time. ' .
"I had no difficulty to get In the broth
els. I showed my star and the doors were
opened. I have always found that the
white watchmen of the brothels would
give the alarm when I approached. I
know a man named'Flnn. tie looks after
the brothels. 1 always see him when I
go' to rescue a girl. When I, have gone
with the ladlea of the mission to rescue
some of the slave "girls Finn has run
ahead off us and given them the alarm;
When we would get in the houses the
girls would not be there."
(Finn is the man who testified that in
ten years' experience in Chinatown as a
special; watchman he did not- know of a
house of ill fame in the ; quarter. Finn
was placed on the witness • stand at the
request of Attorney Dunne, representing
the Folice Department.) « "-
Continuing, Secretary Kane said: "I
saw Flnnlast night on Dupont street He
said to me that there were lots of.whlto
slaves- (or me to : rescue. ' and wanted to
know why- 1 was after: the Chinese slave,
girls. < He said." 'I . suppose ?¦ there is lots
of money in it for you.' I retorted by
saying to him thathe made lots of money
out of the Chinese slave girls he, watched.
He: made . no answer '• to ' that.- When: I
went into Barrett, alley : last ; night ;Flnn
followed me and gave the alarm in. Chi
nese. When. I got to the houses I- found
them all closed." , ' •• - : ¦ ' ' -.--.«*: :
"Have you heard of a' fund for securing
innnunltv from arrest- for the houso3 of
ill fame'" " .. #?r ,--..-,
"The Chinese told me they paid for pro-'
vious witnesses as being one of the com
mittee appointed by the gamblera to ralso
a fund for the corruption of the police.)
"Do you mean to say that you have
never been in a club in Chinatown?"
"Never."
"Be careful what you say. Will you
swear you have never been In one of these
clubs?" -. . •¦-'¦-
"I will."
"Have you ever seen a game of fantap
played?"
"No, I have never seen the game."
"Will you swear that?"
"The trend of my life is not in that di
rection. I am not religious, but I attend
to my own business."
The palpable perjury of the witness was
apparent when he further stated that he
had- not been in a lottery place in China
town or seen Chinese lottery played. Hi*
reputation /is that he Is one of the princi
pal owners of the lottery games played In
Chinatown.
"Do you know that you will get Into
trouble if you commit perjury?"
"Yes."
"You will swear that In all your life you
have never seen a game of fantan or lot
tery played?"
"1 will state so positively."
The witness stated that he did not know
Watchman Finn or any of the police by
name.
"There are so many police it is difficult
to learn their names. I have heard of Ser
geant Brophy, but I don't know him. The
Chinese say that Brophy was very actlvo
In breaking up the gambling and lottery
dens."
The Chinese known as "Buck-eye" was
then called to the stand and his evidence
was as worthless as that of San Jose
Charlie. Buck-eye also has the reputation
of being a principal in conducting fantan
and lottery games in Chinatown, but he
would admit nothing. He stated that he
knew of the existence of the "clubs," but
that he seldom went to them. * -
"If I go there it is because I can speak
English and the members of the clubs
want me to act as Interpreter for them so
that they can speak to the gas men.
plumbers and painters who do work for
the clubs."
"Do you know of Chinese raising
money?" .'-' '. .-¦
"What money and what for"?
"Do you know of money being raised
for securing immunity?"
"No, certainly not..'
"Did you collect any money for that
purpose?"
"I collected money three years ago for
the purpose of defending some men ar
rested on the charge of gambling."
"How much?"
"About $300." ' ¦ j
"Was that money collected for any
ether purpose?"
"To whom was that money paid?"
"To Joe Coffey and Colonel Smith.
The witness then repeated the familiar
story of the many doors which exist in
' the gambling places, although he deslg
r ated them as "clubs." W hen asked why
the lookout did not open the doors when
the police desired to enter tha clubrooms
the witness in an Impudent manner said:
"I don't know. I don't sit alongside the
men to find out what they do."
Attorney Joseph Coffey then took the
v.-ltnes9 chair and in reply to questions
by Judge Laird said that he had acted
for the Chinese for many years, but Had
never acted as attorney for the Chief of
Police. "I was never offered money by
white men or Chinese to 'secure for the
Chinese gamblers or lottery men im
munity from arrest. In tho past two
>ears I have only appeared in three Chi
nese cases. I have represented Chinese
gamblers In the courts at tho request of
San Jose Charlie, Buck-Eye. Chan Chung
and Wong Fook. I never conferred with
the police on behalf of the men I have
mentioned.
"Have you jever played fantan or pl
gow?"
"Yes, I learned the games some years
ngo in order that I might intelligently
defend Chinese charged with playing
these games."
"Did the Chinese offer you $4S00 if you
• could secure the* reopening of the down
btairs 'clubs'?"
'"No, never."
"Was any offer ever made to you?
"A Chinese called at my office recent
ly and told me that I could make that
sum of money If the down-stairs clubs
v?ere reopened."
"Have you sent messages to th© Chi
nese gamblers In the past week -through
a man named Kelly?
WONG FOOK TELLS
INTERESTING STOBY
Readily Admits That He Buns Gamb-
"I have not." • • „ .
Police Sergeant Helms was then called
and testified that he had made raids on
houses of ill-fame in which Japanese girls
were kept. He denied the statement made
bv Secretary Kane of the Society for the
Prevention of Vice that he. the witness,
had refused to raid a certain house be
cause he was afraid to do bo.
"The interpreter for Kane told me ef
the house on Dupont street and said it
was a house of Ill-fame. I told him that
I had no evidence against It and even it
I hnd I would not raid It because I had
.no Instructions to do so. "It was In a
block where the houses were- all of that
kind and I had orders to raid the houses
on Pine street."
¦+
ling Clubs, but Denies Police
. : Corruption.
Wong Fook. another of: the men men
tioned by previous witnesses as being one
of the committee of Chinese gamblers who
raised a corruption' fund» was then ex~
tection of the houses of ill fame and also
for the gambling and lottery places."
"Who told you that?"
"Must I give the name."
"We would like to have it."
"To give the name of the Chinese who
told me that would mean his murder."'
Secretary Kane then saldr "My opinion
Is that the slaves are protected by the
police. They, the girls and their owner*
are lnfornuii qf all things that occur In
the courts. If a warrant is issued the
Chinese know of it at once. If a raid is
planned It Is the same thing. The police
are not zeaious. They always fln:i fault
with tha ago of the girl we want to se
cure. Thev always say she is over, agu
and should not be taken out of the
brothel. The allies of the police are the
white watchmen of the slave dens, and
they should not be allowed to exist.".
"Are they very friendly?"
"Very friendly." , . •
"Have you any proof outside of what
you have stated?"
"Nothing positive."
Secretary Kane was then excused, but
he stated to the committee that he de
sired to make a statement. He was given
permission to do so and created a sensa
tion by saying: "
•"The committee has not .touched at all
on the question of Japanese slavery
which exists in this city. For two years
I have tried to break up the traffic in
Japanese " girls. Many of them are
minors. \ During the crusade made by
Sergeant .Helms against the Japanese
houses of ill fame the house at 512 Dupont
street was not molested. This house, was
the worst of all. Sergeant Helms told
me that he was afraid to touch It. Some
time later, when I was prosecuting the
case of Yakota, who was charged with
the importation of a girl for Immoral pur
poses, lny interpreter was arrested and
charged- with blackmail. The police put
up a Job to have him arrested and
charged with blackmail. It is. strange
that 512 Dupont street was overlooked in
the crusade by Sergeant Helms and other
places were raided. I know that Captain
Wittman went to that house to hide and
put up a job on me, and I' am sorry he
is not here to hear what I say."
Captain Wittman, who was In the court
room, said, "I am here and listening, Sec
retary Kane."'
.'.'So much the -better. I swear what I
say Is true, so help me God, if I am
struck dead this minute—"
Chairman Knowland— We do not want
to hear, anv personal grievance of yours
against the" police. •• We object to your
conclusions. If you will give us proof of
corruption on the part of the police and
furnish facts we ¦ will ' investigate them.
Secretary Kane— I want to say that
Captain -Wlttman — . ¦ -
Chairman Knowland— We will now take
an adjournment until 2 p. m.
Secretary Kane was thus shut off from
making an arraignment of the Police De
partment; with whom he is not on friend
ly terms.
•• ' . ¦¦¦ . ' : — •
CHINESE COMMITS
PAI/PABiLE PEHJXTEY
Notorious . Den .Keeper Swears He
Never Saw Fantan or Lottery
v Played.
At the afternoon session. the first wit
ness called was a Chinese known as San
Jose Charlie. He was examined by Chair
man Knowland.' through Dr. Gardner the
interpreter, though "CharJIe" speaks Eng
lish fluently. San , Jose , Charlie told a
story ¦ that he • was a ; respectable grocer
and never had an; interest in the "clubs"
of ; Chinatown or --the lottery places. Al
though he was plied with many questions
he< was -as " uncommunicative as* -the
Sphinx. ; San-Jose. Charlie Raid that he did
not : know why the "clubs" ¦ were ordered
recently.' to move from tho ground floors
to; the floors above. and as a matter of
fact he ; did not, care. . .; «.' . .-¦
"I attend to my own business and. don't
bother .' about : the affairs of i anv one else
I i have never been in a club : and ¦ have ¦ no
interest in them.'" '(San Jose Charlie is
one of the men who was charced by ore-
"Some Chinese called on me and told me
that the 'pit-marked devil' (meaning
Price) was most active In breaking. up the
Rambling clubs and th« highbinders want
ed-him removed. .That Is. why: the money
was raised." • '
"Were you not forced to pay money for
this purpose? Were you . not . forced • to
join th/ highbinders?" ,'i
"A request was made of me, but I did
not pay." . • . : . .. . ? -.
"What was the amount of money raised
to brealc Sergeant Price?" x
"I heard it was $10.000."Ji^Hg
"Why did they want Price removed?"
"Because . he was > very strict and they
wanted him out of Chinatown."
"Did you do anything In the matter?"
"DoeB not the dealer of the fantan game
sit next the table with the drawers In It?"
The witness gave no answer. When the
question was repeated the witness said:
"How can I tell— I never saw the game
played."
The witness refused to state If he .had
Been a hopper in his clubrooms - which
led down to the sewer. He had seen
buckets of water in the rooms, but did
not know what they were used for. (The
evidence of the police shows that the hop
pers are used for destroying: the evidence
In the fantan games, and the water is for
the purpose of washing the materials
into the sewer.) •
The witness pleaded ignorance of any
knowledge of money being paid- for the
privilege of running. the gambling games.
"Who is there to pay money to, and
who would not take money if it was of
fered to him?"
"Did you ever pay any money to any
one in order to be allowed to run a fan
tan game?"
"I never paid money for that to any
one." .
The witness then stated that there were
many gambling places in Chinatown—pos
sibly more than a hundred,
"How many lottery places?"
"Thirty to forty."
"How many fantan places?"
"About seventy."
At this stage of his examination the
witness pointed out on a diagram the lo
cation of the various fantan and "lottery
places he was acquainted with. The com
mittee and public were astounded by the
revelations made by the witnesb - at this
point. . . . • ¦¦':'" - ¦¦'¦'¦
In reply to. questions by Judge Laird,
some of the most startling evidence of the
Investigation was given. • :
"Do you know of funds being raised for
the purpose of breaking Sergeant Price of
the Police Department?" / ¦ . ~ : . :
"I heard that a large sum of money was
raised."
"Did you not pay part of this money?"
"No. I did not." -;--:&&&&m&mmn&&$8
a Way Which Indicates
.Perjury.
to describe the lookout windows at the
top of the stairs leading to the gambling
clubs, most of his answers being evasive.
"Why do you have these thick doors
protected with locks?"
"Because things have been stolen in
Chinatown."
"Why do you keep these doors locked in
the evening, when you say your frlenda
are Inside engaged In ; friendly inter
course?"
"We do not always keep them locked."
"When do you keep them locked in the
evening?"
"When the members of the club hold a
deliberative session."
The witness was then askod as to th9
nature of the tables in the dubs he owned
and he gave a number of evasive answers.
He finally stated that tho tables were
square ones and were- covered with white
and black cloth. The witness would' not
admit that the clubrooms had a tablo
with a set of drawers in which money
was kept. He admitted that he had a safe
in the clubrooms. •-."¦"::,• '. ::
CLTJB-OWNER SAYS
-^ \ v HE NEVER SAW FANTAN
Childlike and Bland He Answers in
After being plied with a series "of ques
tions the witness admitted that- his dubs
had three or four doors, which were made
of thick oak and were protected with
spring locks of the best make:- He also
stated that the ¦ glass doors were covered
with wire netting to ' '.'prevent the glass
being broken." He then was compelled
"Certainly not.".
The witness then explained that he had
hoard that the gambling places had been
compelled to move from the ground floor
to the floor above, but he did not know
the reason why this, was done. He had
been sick at the time and his partners
had told him of the moving: of the clubs
he. the witness.' was Interested In. When
asked as to the use his clubs were put to
ar.d the furniture In them the witness
gave a series of diplomatic answers which
threw little light on the Investigation. He
told of costly furniture. Idols and engrav
ings on the walls, ebony chairs and tables,
but evaded the line of questions put to
him. When asked to what use the tables
were put the witness answered by saying
the tables were used . to place meals on.
When pressed for an answer the witness
admitted that 'the tables were used; for
dominoes, poker and perhaps fantan.
"Did you ever see fantan played In your
club?"
Chan Chung testified, through Or. Gard
ner, the interpreter, that he lived at 602
Jackson street and had lived in this city
for twenty-six years. He stated that he
was a merchant and owned the lease of
the Chinese Theater and had a partner's
interest in various clubs.
In reply to questions by Chairman
Knowland Chan . Chung said;* "I have
never played fantan. These clubs are for
social purposes. My friends meet thero
and talk. I have never seen fantan played
in my clubs or In any other clubs. I do
not play the game. I have never gam
bled In the ordinary sense of the word.
I have played a little poker for a drink
or for a dinner. I have no religious scru
ples against gambling, but I think It is
wrong. I am not in favor of gambling.
1 know Joe Coffey, the attorney. He has
done business for me in past years. I
generally engage Gaston Strauss to at
tend to my business, and Sam Shortrldge
also attends to my affairs. These attor
neys attend to the matter of drawing up
leases, attend to the business of the the
ater, and if any one is arrested wrong
fully by the police I get the lawyers to
help them. If the right man is arrested
the lawyers still have to attend to the
matter of fines. I do not know why the
gambler." were required to move upstairs.
1 have been sick for three montns and
have not paid much attention to any
thing. I don't listen to rumors. I attend
to my own business. I own property in
various parts of Chinatown. I lease prop
erty at 8H Washington street. 911 Dupont
street, C33 Jackson street, 710 Jackson
street and other places." - „ •
"Do you own an interest in any clubs?"
"A few."
"Where are they?"
"I don't know the names In English."
"Tell us where they are."
"One Is in St. Louis alley and the other
in Ross alley, near Jackson street."
"Are these clubs gambling places?" '
"Oh, no."
"Are you" Interested in any Chinese
houses of 111 fame?"
Chan Chung is an individual of greasy
and massive proportions, and even the
committee of investigation was forced to
laugh at the testimony of the Chinese.
If Chan Chung's evidence is to bo "be
lieved, Chinatown is as clean as the
Augean stables after Hercules finished his
work.
The first witness called was Chan
Chung, whom previous testimony had
placed in the category of gamblers who
had raised money to bribe the police.
The morning session of the investiga
tion of the legislative committee was pro
ductive of important testimony, and the
crowded courtroom listened with rapt at
tention to the proceedings.
So-Called "Clubs" Fails to Pro
duce the Truth.
Searching Examination of Owner of
CHINESE DENY
GAMBLING EXISTS
Frank Kane, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Suppression of Vice,
was also a witness and made serious alle
gations against Chief Sullivan, Captain
Wittman and other officers in connection
with Japanese offenders. Chief Sullivan
attempted to' reply In kind, but was pre
vented at a critical moment. The whole
inquiry had lost the dignity of an impar
tial investigation and had degenerated
into the nastiness of petty retaliation. -
when he sees It. One of the others, Chun
Chung by name, was an artist in perjury.
Diplomatic, suave, bland, consciously con
temptuous, he afforded a diversion that
would have been amusing if it had not
been serious. He was cleverer and wittier
than his questioners and left the stand
easily the master of the situation. He
announced that the Chinese collected a
fund of $10,000 with which to secure the re
moval of Sergeant Price from Chinatown.
When asked who received the money he
declared significantly that any one curious
enough to inquire might refer to the rec
ords, learn who were the opponents of
Price and be assured that the men who
received the money .were not far away.
The record Is so fresh in the public mind
that it is hardly necessary to tell who
were the opponents of Sergeant- Price.
This episode was practically a climax lo
a disagreeable day. For hours the com
mittee listened to perjury of the most
shameless, offensive character, while the
courtroom was convulsed in laughter,
l-'our notorious Chinese gamblers were on
the witness stand and only one of them
would admit that he knows a fantan game
This was the statement Cram related to
the police on Monday night. Then he was
permitted to go no one knows where, but
he svrore that for several days he had
been looking for the Examiner agent to
pet his money. He returned to the Hall
of Justice yesterday morning and was de
tained there until he went upon the wit
ness stand. Then, fn great agitation, he
swore that he had deliberately and ma
liciously lied to the police. In disgust the
committee dismissed hjm from the court
room, and Examiner agents in triumph
ushered him away. The whole affair had
simply been an exhibition of cheap sharp
practice, in which the Examiner had
proved itself in. that particular field more
cunning than the police.
He had usurped one of the most im
portant powers of the committee, and
took a reprimand with a composure which
might have been expected. It then devel
oped that on Monday night Cram had
made a statement to Chief of Police Sulli
van, Captain Wittman, Detective Wren
and Attorney Coffey and had declared
that the fantan game was simply a chea.i
tr.ck inspired and carried out by the Ex
aminer to impose upon Assemblyman
Wright. The Examiner had paid Cram
to arrang« the game, secure a crowd of
Chinese loafers to pose as players and to
Impress Wright v.-ith the wickedness of
it all. For thi3 Cram was to receive $400
from the Examiner and "Wright was to
fce permitted to win the few dollars he
took away.
An excited, trembling, stammering, con
fused young feliow was led into the court
room and in a few minutes was hustled to
the witness stand. He said his name was
Charles S. Cram, and that on the nig.it
before he had been Aibpenaed to attend
the session of the committee. The Assem
blymen were dumfounded. They had issued
no subpena and naturally wanted to know
who had done to. Captafn AVittman was
accused and was quick to deny the'accu
pation. Attorney Coffey then admitted
that he had assumed the responsibility.
In matter-of-fact contempt of the opin
ions of the committee, he declared that e
had ¦written on a Eubpena issued to him
the name of Cram.
The promise was net kept and yesterday
Joseph Dunne, who seems to have a fac
ulty of doing the wrong thing at the
right time, asked for the white mystery.
The Examiner representative said he
could not find him. whereupon Dunne
melodramatically announced that he
would produce the missing wonder within
three minute?. ' He did so and that pro
duced the sensation.
THE promised sensation in the
legislative Inquiry ir.to the af
fairs' of the Police Depart
ment has been give'n to the .
public, und while it was de
veloped from a distinctively
minor episode in the investi
gation it has served to reveal the motive
of the -whole affair and to expose the limit
to which the special prosecutor In the case
trill go to win a point. The Investigation
has <>serieratcd simply into a viciously
•vindictive attack upon the Police Depart
ment by the Examiner, which has not
f crupled to resort to questionable methods
to throw discredit upon its adversary.
The lncldcrlt out of which the sensation
was evolved was a simple pse. A fe\y
nights ago Assemblyman Wright, guided
by an Examiner lgent, was led into
Chinatown, introduced to a mysterious
•white man and initiated into a far.tan
gamp at *<">« r»upcnt street. Assemblyman
Wright was duly proud of h'.s achieve
ment, noticeably boastful of a winning of
a few dollar? and painfully pelf-conscious
of the notoriety th^t was his. The Ex
aminer was joyful and the police sus
picious. Representatives of the depart
ment demanded the nan\e of the mysteri
ous white man who 2ed the Assemblyman
to the gamhling hause. Tho Examiner
agent would not give the name, but prom-'
lf-ed more. He said that he would produce
the unknown in court that day.
POLICE INVESTIGATORS DEVOTE A DAY LISTENING
TO THE PERJURY OF WHITE AND YELLOW WITNESSES
amlned and. h© created ctpslderabla
laughter by admitting almost everything
asked of him. "With suavity le told oi
owning an interest in/gambllik places
and did not designate them as clubs. Ho
would not, however, answer thejquestions
until the committee assured hlrt that ho
¦ would not be molested. W'otg fooic
claims to be "a native born American,"
and speaks English fluently.
In reply to Chairman Knowlartf, Wong
Fook said: "I own two clubs 1% China
town. One js at 38 Ross alley ar.d the
other at 701 Jackson street. The' boya
come there and spend the eveninga They
play fantan, pi-gow and other games.
We have three thick doors to the rooms."
"Have you ever been raided?" "About
ten times." «
*T>o you have Iookout3?" "Yes. we
only admit members."
"Do you have lookouts to watch for the
police?" "We have him to keep any but
members out of the rooms."
."Why do you keep the doors locked
when the police come there?" "Because
we clay be playing a 'game and may be
arrested. The doors are for. protection."
"Do the police ever get In the rooms
when a game la being: played?" "Yes.
they do." <
"What becomes of the beans and sun
wads you use In fantan when the polico
Bet in the'rooms?" "T^ie beans and wads
go down the sewer." - - 1 •
"What do you do with the money?'
"Put It in our pockets.* Where do you
suppose wo put It."
''Where ig fantan played In China
town?" "In many places. It is played at
places on Ross alley, Waverly .place.
Washington street and Jackson street."
"Dia you ever hear of a fund beins
raised 1n Chinatown?" "A fund was
raised to defend men charged with
gambling by the Police."
"Did you ever hear of a fund belns
raised to secure immunity from arrest?"
"No, never.
At this « olnt of the investigation consid
erable !• rest was caused by the an
nounce «* T »t made by Assemblyman Wright
that he d* 1 nt know the name of the
white n. *» who had introduced him to a
game of nese fantan last week, when
he. the As!»«.nblyman. was taken by Re
porter Boyle of the Examiner to partici
pate in the game.
Attorney Dunne raid that as Boyle had
promised to fkid the man last week and
produce him at that time, that he shoula
be made to do so now.
Reporter Boyle — I have searched for this
man in vain and cannot find htm.
Attorney Dunne— If we produce this
man In three minutes I ask that he be put
on the stand and examined.
Ser*geant Brophy left the courtroom and
returned In a few minutes with a sllm
looklng younsr man. who was put forward
by Attorney Dunne as the party referred
to as having introduced Assemblyman
Wright and Reporter Boyle into a Chinese
fantan game.
Every one in the courtroom looked for a
sensation, and the general opinion wa3
that a "Job by the Examiner" had been
foiled by the police. The young man took
the witness stand and was examined by
Chairman Knowland. He gave his name
as Charles Cram, and trembled visibly aa
he demanded an attorney before answer
ing any questions.
¦ "I was subpenaed last night." Cram
said, "and I won't answer any questions
until I know what my rights are. I want
to be protected."
Mr. Knowland— Who subpenaed you? I
issued no subpena.
Witness — I had a subpena read to me by
Detective Wren.
Mr. Knowland— I want an explanation
of this. Who has dared to issue a sub
pena for this committee without my con
sent?
At this point Attorney Coffey addressed
the committee and said: "I want to make
an explanation. "I was subpenaed last
night while I was in the Chief's office.
This man Cram was there, and I knew
that he was wanted before this commit
tee. As no subpena had been issued for
him I suggested, as a matter of precau
tion, that his name be inserted in the sub
pena for me and that it be read to him."
This statement caused a loud dissent
In the courtroom.
Chairman Knowland— I think. Mr. Cof
fey. that' your conduct Is most reprehen
sible in interfering with the privileges of
this committee. You had no right to do
such a thing. This witness was not
subpenaed by me.
Witness Cram her© stated that the sub
pena was read to him in the presence of
Captain Wittman. Chief Sullivan, At
torney Coffey and Detective Wren.
Mr. Knowland— Did you sanction this.
Captain- Wittman? Did you sanction such
a proceeding as the insertion of this
man's name in a subpena Issued by this
committee for another party?
Captain Wittman— I did no wrong In
the matter. His name was inserted In
the subpena in the same way as is dona
In the courts. .
Judge Laird— I wish to say that when a
subpena is Issued it is legal for any one to
insert names other than the one original
ly written In.
This statement ended the excitement
which threatened at one time to end In
the arrest of some party by order of tho
committee.
Cram was then examined and his state
ment made to the police on Monday night,
which was in the hands of Mr. Know
lahd. was entirely repudiated by the wit
ness.
To the amazement of every one in the
courtroom Cram said: "I want to say
that the statement I made last night to
the police is false. The police took me
into the Chiefs office. . I knew I was a
witness for the Examiner. They had mo
In a hole. What could I do? The police
got at me and I was so scared that I did
anything to get away from them. They
did not threaten me, but kept on telling
me to tell the truth. »I saw the way the
police wanted a statement and I gave it
to them.. They put me In the sweatbox
and I did not tell them the truth. I lied
to them. Yes, I lied to them. I did not
known what to do. Coffey took down my
statement. He said he could prove that
I had been promised money by the Ex
aminer. I was in a hole and wanted to
get out and so I lied to them. I had been
looking for Boyle last night. I told Boyle
last week that if I Axed it so he and the
man of the committee could get -in a
fantan gamethat I would have to get out
of town." ¦ ' . .
Cram made a rambling statement, and
to experienced eyes it was evident that
he was an "opium fiend" such as can be
found in Chinatown.
Assemblyman Wright In a nervous man
ner auestioned Cram as to the- words
which had been spoken when they first
'met last week. Cram's statement In re-
Continued on Third Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .^WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY //13, . 1901.
THE legislative inquiry iuto the affairs of the Polic© Depart
ment deg-snerated yesterday into a shameful farce. The in
vestlgators were made the objects of the laughing scorn of
a crowded courtroom for hours. Chinese witnesses were on
the stand and in practically open contempt of their questioners
committed palpable perjury. A white -witness swore to tell the
truth and a moment after confessed that he was a deliberate, con
scienceless liar, who a few hours before had lied to tha police. An
attorney appeared before the investigating commission and with
insulting assurance announced that he had trifled with the pro-
Cesses of the committee and had issued a subpena in their name.
Witnesses blackguarded on? another and when the day was over
only one important issue had been removed from the realm of con
troversy. :}-.-.'¦
Until yesterday it was a question of honest dispute whether
the inquiry is an impartial, unprejudiced, investigation of .the Po
lice Department by a committee from th- State Assembly or a
bitter, vindictive prosecution of the Police Department by the Ex
aminer. The proceedings yesterday demonstrated that the whole af
fair is an assault upon the Police Department inspired and directed
by the Examiner, which shares -with the police a position not to b«
envied. . . ¦"
"No."
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
ISSi. Consultation
and private book
free, at office or by
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. 7J11 Mar-
ket street (elevator
entrance). San
Francisco.
To ; Prevent the '.Grip
I Laxative Bromo-Qulnine . removea the cause. •
This success has been secured entirely
upon Its merits as a digestive pure and
flmple. because there- can be no stomach
trouble if the fcod is promptly digested
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entirely
on the food eaten, digesting it completely
so that It can be assimilated into blood'
nerve and tissue. They cure, dyspepsia'
water brash, sour stomach, gas and bloat'
ing after mt-als, because they furnish the
digestive power which weak stomachs
lack, and unless that lack Is supplied it Is
useless to attempt to cure by the use of
"tonics," '"pills" and . cathartics, which
have absolutely no. digestive power.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
at all drugstores, and the regular use Of
one or two of them after meals will dem-
onstrate their merit better than any other
argument.
This Is the secret, If there is any se-
cret, cf the remarkable success of Stu-
ert'6 Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedv nrac-
ticaJly unknown a few years ago a"nd now
the most widely known of any treatmen*
for stomach weakness.
Stuart's Tablets do not act upon the
bowels like after-dinner pills and cheap
cathartics, which simply irritate and In-
r.?me the intestines without having any
effect whatever in digesting food or cur-
ing indigestion. -
If the stomach can be rested and as-
fisted in the work of digestion it will very
noon recover its normal vigor, as no or-
gan is 6o much abused and overworked
as the stomach.
The remedy is In the form of pleasant
tasting tablets or lozenges, containing
vegetable and fruit essences, pure aseptic
pepsin (Government test), golden seal and
dtastsrs*-. The tablets are sold by drug-
pists under the name of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets. Many Interesting experi-
ments to test the digestive power of Stu-
art's Tablets show that one grain of the
active principle contained In them Is suf-
ficient to thoroughly digest 3000 grains of
raw meat, eggs and other wholesome
food.
The remedy is not heralded as a wonder-
ful discovery, nor yet a secret patent
medicine, neither Is it clajraed to cure
anything except dyspepsia. Indigestion
and stomach troubles, with which nine but
of ten suffer.
the Treatment of Stomach
Troubles.
A Bernedy Which Has Revolutionized
STRANGER THAN FICTION
February
Is .a dangerous month from a health
standpoint.
The gripi coughs, colds, fevers and
all other germ diseases are especially
prevalent.
The sensible course for every person
of any age or either sex is to prevent
these troubles by taking Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. It makes the blood pure, and
keeps up the health tone so as to pre-
vent attacks of these insidious ene-
mies.
Hood's
Sarsapanlla
Purifies the blood. Hood's Pilh euro
all liver ills. Sold everywhere.
t ' ¦¦ .'• iSTATESMEN IN ACTION AND REPOSE.
VALLEJO, Feb. 12.— The estate of
Charles Smith of Vacavllle. valued at $13,
000. is tied up in the Superior Court of this
county in a queer way. Smith left a
widow in Vacaville with whom ha had
lived for many years.. It was presumed
Error.
First Wife Bases Her Claim on Legal
WANTS SMITH'S ESTATE.
that she was entitled to his estate*. "When
it came to distribution, a former wlfo of
Smith came and claimed the estate. Sho
lives in the East, and says she was never
legally divorced from Smith. There is a
decree of divorce, hut service of the sum
mons was by publication and was directed
to Esther Smith as defendant, whereas
her name Is Hester Smith. Tho attorneys
for the second Mrs. Smith say this is not
a sufficient error ami will oppose tho first
Mrs. Smith vigorously.
He came to ¦ tho saloon the following even-
Ing about 8 o'clock with another man, whom
I --'have since learned- was Assemblyman
Wright. Boyle Introduced him. Baying: "This
is Mr. Anderson. Can wo go up there now?"
I said: "Why, certainly."- I saw the'Chlna
man that afternoon about 5:30 o'clock in lha
room upstairs, and he asked me when I was
gslng to : bring .; my friend, back, about what
time would' we come, back, and I said in the
evening; I don't know exactly v.-hat time.
Boyl*. this man (Wright) and myself went
directly there. As wo went. In the restaurant
I saw a. Chinese lottery - ticket peddler./ He
said to me: '"Lai Suey Fooey Quy Chong?"
I said: "All right." * He took, me to a room,
and they followed, me. ¦ Boyle suggested to
Wright ' to buy a ticket, which Wright did.
On a previous occasion that evening Boyle
asked me to bring him to a -lottery place, and
I told him I-could not do it; that?all the
lottery t places were closed. - When t we went
into the ¦ restaurant Chuck . Sang, ; one of the
proprietors of -the. dub,- was sitting there. He
had seen Boyle the night before, and when we
camo In recognized him, «• saying: "Hello."
We then went upstairs, . and on . going to the
door I: said "Open the door". In Chinese.
"All right.'" We had.no difficulty In going In.
Nothing was going on when we -went In there.
The same bums that were there the night be
fore were there then, as also others.;- I recog
nized them,' as r they did us— that Is, Boyle
and myself..! commenced the play by betting
at . ple-gow. - The money ¦ I played ¦ Boyle 1 gave
me. • about. $3 50. We i all played ple-gow first.'
then-Dlayed tan afterward. -.-. .-¦-¦--•
Boyle threw dlme*,to the bums, as he did th©
night before. ". I won JC5. ; Boyle went broke
and then- borrowed ?21 -.from me. ."¦ He won,
Then the bums (after playing nle-gow for tho
time stated) took him (Boyle) over to another
table, saying: ."Come, you play 'em here." Ha
went over and a tan game was opened. We
both played tan. for about fifteen or twenty
minutes. Boyle won : at the Rams and pave
dimes to the Chinatown bums there. We went
out, and Boyle asked me where I would be th«
following nirht, and I said in the same place,
the saloon. He asked me about what time, and
I said any time; that I would be there all
evening. . ' • .
He played about twenty minutes. He won.
They let him win at the start. Boyle did not
know anything about the game or when he won
or lost. The only way he did know was when
the .Chinese took his money or paid him money.
While he was playing he threw dimes on the
floor. The bums picked them up and started to
play with the dimes.
Chief Sullivan then'asked\to be placed
on the stand, and with visible emotion
denied that Secretary Kane of the Society
for the Prevention of Vice had any rea
son; to denounce him. .The Chief went on
to explain ,that ' ho had befriended Kane
years ago and put him In his present po
sition, and ; was , on . the point of stating
that ; , Kane '.had~ ; been -accused of wrong
fully appropriating f unda of the society
when lie was interrupted by Jud^e Laird
and Chairman Kriowland; who stated
that Kane- had made no charge against
the Chief. -^*»!Ufe5S8§S!»*tfNl
¦--• > Chief ¦ Sullivan answered that he had .
Just heard that Kane had testified that
the "Chief was the most corrupt man In
the city." . . ¦ . :
: -When Informed that Kane had made no
such statement .the Chief, retired after
making an apolopy." ' "-• ¦
Qwong Iling, another of the alleged
committee of Chinese . who raised a cor
ruption fund, was also examined, and his
evidence- .was ; on the same lines as .that
gri^n ;¦ > by : his ¦ fellow countrymen. "It
amounted to nothing. .- ,
•¦¦¦ An adjournment was then ' taken until
this. morning at 10 o'clock.
He Wasi Never Accused by
Secretary Kane. ¦
CHIEF SULLIVAN
MAKES A DENIAL
Defends -Himself, but Learns Tnat
paylnsr me back my $11- and about $23 besides.
We remained there about twenty ¦ minutes.
We then went out. . I told the bums that
Boyle kept a. faro bank. ¦ We then went to
Clay and Waverly, and I told them thay
couldn't do it— the Chinamen would not let
them in. He and. Wright then left, ' Boyla
saying to me he would see me' again. . I have
been In the ! saloon every night ever since.
I have made this statement freely and volun
tarily, without any threats, menace or duress
or promise or hope of reward.
CHARLES CRAM.
• 1222 Golden Gate avenue.
¦Witness: E. J. Wren. ¦
Dated February 11. 1801. -
the country. I wanted enough to go to Aus
tralia and my expenses, about $400 In all. lie
eald he would have to go to the office and see
about It. It would be all right. He said he
would come back, and asked mo to wait for
him. He then went out and came back In
about an hour and met me in the saloon and
told me it would be all right. In the mean
time I went up into Chinatown to try and
make arrangements for him (Boyle) to get
in Borne of the clubs. I went to Waverly
place and could not get In there. From there
I went to SOS Dupont street. I saw one of the
Chinamen that runs the club, and asked him
to fix up a game and I would bring up two
men to play who had lots of money. He said
he did not want to do It at first, but I talked
him into it. I told him one of the men was
an Examiner man named Boyle, and told him
I did not know who the other man was. I
said he would get well paid 'for the job. I'd
fix it; It would be all right. If we got ar
rested there would be • a man there with
money to ball us out. I told him one of the
men would come to-night to make sure, and
that the two of them would come on. the fol
inwir.tr night. Boyle was the man who agreed
to have us balled out. The Chinaman said:
"AU right; I fix 'em; come up to-morrow
right." »I then left, went back to the saloon
I have mentioned ' and met Boyle tnd took
him up to the place. 806 Dupont street.
In the conversation with the Chinese I told
him that Boyle. wanted to get a game, no mat
ter how he got U. My object was to get a
game rigged up; that is, to have Chinese there.
I told the man to have some Chinese there,
as the men throw lots- of change away. After
meeting Boyle we walked alone Kearny ~ to
Clay and up Clay to Lhipont and over Dupont
and in through the restaurant door. This
place Is on the second floor of the restaurant,
the.Wooey Sen Low restaurant. "We went up
the restaurant stairs. As we passed thecor
r.er of Clay and Dupont streets we met tl\e Chi
nese to whom I had previously spoken about
bringing Boyle there. The Chinese agreed with
me to stand there and watch out for officers,
fo that officers wouldn't se« us. When we went
In there were about a dozen Chinatown bums.
There was no came eolpg on. The eame was
opened purposely for this man Boyle to play.
They started to play, ple-gow. I started first.
Boyle ga\*e mo the money, about $3 M or $4. I
won the first and second bets; first $2.' then J4.
The cashier took a commission out of the bets
I won, leaving me some dimes in change,- which
I gave to the bums standing , around. , I gave
four of them a dime each, and 1 they, commenced
playing. At the ' same time ' Boyle started in.
POLICE INVESTIGATORS DEVOTE A DAY TO LISTENING TO THE PERJURY OF WHITE AND YELLOW WITNESSES
Continued From Second Page.
For two hours the Commissioners and
their attorney were questioned by the
committeemen, and then action on tho
bills was deferred until to-morrow. •
Commissioners unless by the permission
of the Legislature. It was for this reason
that- Budd drew not only the bills sub
mitted, but also the constitutional amend
ment, for in his address to tho Judiciary
Committee this evening,- he said that to
make sure all was right and to protect the
city and State in every- way. he had drawn
up the amendment to the bills.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 12.— Ex-Governor Budd, at
torney for the Harbor Commission of San
Francisco, and Rudolph Herold, P. J.
Harney and Paris Kilbourn, members of
the commission, were before tho Senate
Judiciary Committee this evening to argue
In favor of Davis' bills, which make pos
sible the new lease of China basin.
Budd explained the history of the va
rious leases of the basin, and ended by
submitting the last, drawn up by himself,
and guaranteed to protect the city and
State, if the bills ratifying it be passed
and slfrned. The lease Includes the Hen of
the seawall, as well as twenty-four acres
of land which will have to be filled- In by
the lessees. The seawall strip, however,
Budd believes, is n thoroughfare, and as
such cannot be leased by the Harbor
To Be Hade Judge.
JONESBURY, Vt.. Feb. 12.-Former
Lieutenant Governor Bates was to-day
offered the position of Judge In the Phil
ippines and he will accept the appoint
ment. The salary will be J55O0 per year.
night and prepares the bill for submis
sion to the Governor, and this morning
bright and early, before the report of the
Assembly committee on mines could have
been put In and acted upon, the bill was
found .correctly enrolled and was taken
out -of committee and sent to the Gov
ernor.
In the Assembly a fight was on all the
morning over the two health bills of tne
Governor, favorably ¦ passed upon by the
Judiciary Committee last night, and
there was no chance for Ralston's motion
to come up for action. In the meantime
the bill was safe In the Governor's of
fice, and it now awaits his action. He
may hold the bill for ten days, which
during the session of the Legislature is
equivalent to signing it.
' Ralston declares that the letter from
Mansfield, published in The Call yester
day, is sufficient justification for his ef
fort to recall the bill. He still declares
that Colonel Heuer did state that the
$500,000 already • appropriated was avail
able, and that he never understood that
lleuer would not recommend that the
work proceed until the entire $500,000 had
been appropriated. >.':.¦
RALSTON IS OUTGENERALED
BY SENATE COMMITTEEMEN
ARGUE IN FAVOR OF A NEW
LEASE OF THE CHINA BASIN
CAT.L, HEADQUARTERS. , SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 12.— The $150,000 miners' ap
propriation bill has "gone to. the Governor
and all the efforts of friends andV'enemie*.
cannot bring It back. It has been fought
persistently all through Its course In both
houses, the idea being that at all hazards
it should be kept from going to the Gov
ernor and compelling him to sign or veto.
The Governor has posed as the friend
of the measure from the start, and his
friends in both houses have been laboring
hard to defeat it, so that the Governor
would still have the credit of being Its
friend without adding its amount to the
expenditures of his administration.
The action of the Assembly Committee
on Mines yesterday stirred the friends
of the measure in the Senate to action,
and some very pretty parliamentary
work was done. It was Ralston's Inten
tion to ask that the bill, which is a Sen
ate bill, should bo returned to the As
sembly. To guard against any such plan
being carried to a successful conclusion
Davis and Tyrrell of Nevada, with other
friends of the measure, got together last
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO. Feb. 12. — The
whole strength of the admin
istration was exerted to-day
to keep the Governor's pet
quarantine measures from go-
Ing down before the assaults
cf the opposition Into which
vitality has been Infused by the vigorous
attacks made upon the measures by the
commercial bodies of San Francisco. All
day the contest of parliamentary strategy
was waged, and at best the partisans of
the measure, aided as they were by inde-
Jen?!ble rulings of Speaker Pendleton.
could only protect the t>!ll against amend
ments proposed by its opponents.
The bills, Xcs. K>S and *>J\ were a special
crdcr, but No. ZoS was under consideration
till 5:20 o'clock this afternoon without the
amendments proposed by the solicitous
Judiciary Committee being reached. Con
sideration of the measures will proceed
to-morrow under the head of unfinished
business. The contest against them will
1/e continued then, and after they have
jiassed to third reading The real struggle
v.-ill coir.e. The friends of the bills showed
a. strength of thirty-two votes to-day.
They claim the forty-or.e necessary to
ihial passage, but the suspicion of bluff
attaches to euch assertions. The fact re
mains that the Speaker's ruling was all ,
that saved them at least once to-day.
Thf- opponents of the measure forced
the ha»:d of the Governor's friends by
falling attention rcjjeatediy to the attempt
n;ade in the bills to encroach upon tho i
province of the Federal «iuarantine. The j
r< ¦; iics ma-le to their arguments were]
worthy of ante-bellum days. State's |
rights were resurrected for the occasion.
When the Governor's bills, drafted for
him by Dr. Matthews of the Ptate Board
of Health and introduced for him, by
Speaker Pendieton. were first Fprutig on
*.h«» Legislature, the. sole argument fcr
th»»m was based on protection of San
i'rancis'-o's commercial interests".
Now that the business men have said
in- no uncertain tone that they do not
want a State quarantine trying to check
mate Federal quarantine, the argument
has been shifted to a new base. To-day
Johnson pleaded with tears In his eyes
for the protection of the health of the
renple of Oiliforr.la pprainst a plague that
do»s not exist, even should it take the
last dollar in the treasury. He begged the
members from the interior to stand their
ground for ;-":if r s:uar<js for the entire State,
whatever San Francisco's interests might
be. An<'. he asserted that the merchants
of San Francisco were aJways wrong, any
way, for "they pet their learning from
th<Mr ledgers and their inspiration from
thrir liank accounts."*
The Jfaders cracked their whips and the
k TUsh fell into line. Of the San Francisco
f>!cgation Brown. Eauer. Brady. Butler,
Kisk. Henry. Hourigan. Knight." Macbeth.
Tread well. Kvatt. Guilfoyle and Franklin
ifcrored the protests of their constituents
end followed the programme. Macbeth.
P.auer and Knight threw sops to their
consciences by the argument that the
commercial bodirs of £an Francisco were
esttefled with the bills as amended by the
Judiciary Committee. Collins of San
Francisco stood out against the measures
throughout the day in spite of appeals and
imprecations. He says his duty Is to his
C-.riFtltuems. not to the bosses.
Reebor of Sacramento bears the distlnc-
tlon of being the only Democrat who stood
in with the administration Republicans.
The contest opened with a motion by
Schleslnger that consideration of the
amendments offered by the Judiciary
Committee be postponed till to-morrow.
A battle royal followed. After-considera
ble debate the roll was called on Schles
inger's motion, and the vote was 34 to 24.
There was a call of the absentees and
then a call of the House. Twenty .were
absent, nine of them unexcused/ Ser
geants at arms scurried about and
brought In five In a bunch, then Hourl
gan by himself and finally Henry.
Hourigan was baited by members as he
stood at the bar of the Assembly. He
said he had been sick, but finally he be
came enraged at a request by Dunlap
that he speak up and give his excuse so
it could be heard. He shouted:
"I've beeen on a Junketing trip, that's
why. Youse don't think I'm afraid of
}ou, do youse? I defy the world."
Hourigan shook- his fist threateningly
at the world, and the Assembly excused
his- tardiness.
Johnson asked in dulcet tones for a
new rollcall, to avoid confusion .from
changes. Schleslnger and Sutro objected.
Sutro said Schlesinger's motion was al
ready carried. Speaker Pendleton took
umbrage at the statement, saying it was
a personal reflection on his rulings. An
derson of Solann said the rulings had
been fair and Sutro had not meant to
question them. Sutro said he had only
meant to give It as his opinion trom
keeping tab on the roll that the motion
Lad prevailed.
The speaker was molllfled, Schleslnger.
fell into Johnson's trap and withdrew his
objection, and the new rollcall was had.
Schlesinger's motion was lost this time
by 37 noes against 31 ayes.
Melick -forestalled the committee
amendments by offering one to strike out
all of section 2, which makes it a felony
to publish by writing or printing that
Asiatic cholera or bubonic plagues exists
until the State Board of Health has de
cided that the disease does exist and has
tntered It upon its records.
Brown of San Mateo, Schleslnger, Mel
ick. Foster and P>liz spoke In favor of
the amendment, Fisk and Carter oppos
ing it.
At 3.30 in the afternoon session, after
the Senate special file had been disposed
of. the debate was resumed.
James. Sutro. Sheridan. Chandler,
Brown of San MatPO and Radcllff made
pleas for llb«»rtv of speech and of the
press. Radcliff and Melick served notice
that they as editors, would stand on their
constitutional rights if the bills were
passed and publish the truth. If public in
terests demanded It. Johnson made an
effective plea for the bill as It stood.
The amendment finally came to a vote
somewhat after 5 o'clock, and the result
was 30 ayes to 22 noes. Sutro, Meltck.
Dunlap Feliz and others were on their
feet demanding a call of the house before
Pendleton had a chance to announce the
result. Johnson tried to coach the Speak
er to assert that he had announced the
result. Pendleton admitted that he had
not but proceeded to do so, and then de
clared the demand for the call of the
house was made too late.
"But I was on rr>y feet demanding the
call of the house before you announced
the result." protested Sutro, angrily.
"Yes, Mr. Sutro, but I did not recog
nize you." was the candid admission of
the Speaker.
On roll call on a motion to adjourn Su
tro refused to vote. He said:
"I refuse to vote because I have Just
boen refused recognition by the Speaker
when I was entitled to it."
Those who had heard Pendleton's earlier
outburst at a lancted reflection on the
Justness of his rulings ejepected an erup
tion, with fire and smoke and molten lava,
but none came. Except for the Speaker's
Intervention to prevent a call of the
house, which he hed so recently allowed
on demand of Ms side of the fight, the
amendment would probably have . pre-
vailed, as the absentees were mostly op
ponents of the bill.
The contest will go on to-morrow. Nu
merous amendments will be offered and
action on the committee amendments will
be delayed. Delegations from the San
Francisco commercial bodies are expected
up to explain how well satisfied they are
with the amended blllsl In a word,- the
programme measures that seemed on the
point of being passed with flashlight alac
rity have become the subject of the bit
terest contest of the session.
While it has had a course not always
plain and smooth, still the bill appropriat
ing $100,000 to protect the State from va
grant bacilli had met no setback until it
struck the Senate Finance Committee" to
day. It emerged from a hot executive
session after being beaten on a vote to
recommend that it do pass.
The vote was a close one and was taken
only after arguments pro and con had
befogged the Intellects of all the members
and they all went back to their original
ideas. There were thirteen members of
the committee present when it was
moved that tho bill be favorably recom
mended. Wolfe, Leavitt, Hoey, Byrnes.
Nutt, Tyrrell of Nevada and I^alrd voted
"aye" and Flint. Belshaw, Rowell, Luch
slnger, Greenwell and ' Smith of Kern
voted "no." It was 7 to 6 for the bill,
but before the vote was finished Sims
came in and by voting "no" tied the vote
and guve the bill its first defeat. Devlin
was absent. Had he been there he would
have voted for the bill and secured a fa
vorable report.
Successful In heading off a favorable re
port, the enemies of the measure then at
tempted to put through a motion to re
port tho bill back unfavorably, but this
motion was lost, for some of the com
mittee reasoned that the report of the
present commission investigating the sub
ject might make some appropriation nec
essary and therefore they did hot wish to
bo placed in a- position of antagonism.
The seven "ayes" were good Tor seven
"noes" on any adverse proposition, so the
motion was lost. And then a motion to
refer the bill back without recommenda
tion found favor and In that way the bill
will go on the file. And all the time
Devlin was upstairs at another committee
meeting.
Speaker Pendleton claims to-night that
the committee amendments were adopted
and he has ordered Assembly bill 558 en
grossed and to third reading. The oppo
sition regards this action as most arbi
trary and asserts that the bills are still
on the second reading file, regardless of
what juggling may have taken place. It
Is certainly true that after the all-day
debate • on Melick's . amendment the
Speaker made no query as to whether
there were more amendments to be of
fered and no announcement ordering the
bill to engrossment and third reading.
The opposition will contend that what
ever the fate of tha committee amend
ments the consideration of the bill is un
finished business and 'amendments are
still in order.
• Assembly bill 559, on special order this
morning, was not considered at all. If
the Speaker's action is upheld by the
Assembly In the morning, there. will be
no further consideration of bill 558 until It
comes up for final passage, some days in
the future. If it take the regular order, or
possibly Thursday. If It be made a special
order. The journal Is straight, according
to the Speaker's ruling. It shows that
bill 5&S has gone to engrossment' and
third reading, but those who were watch
ing for Just such an order heard none,
and half a dozen more Assemblymen
who had amendments to the bill and
were waiting for the call for more
amendments and the announcement. "If
there be no further amendments, the bill
will go to engrossment and third read
ing," in order to submit their amend
ments, heard no such announcement.
They' arc all of the opinion that the bill
Is still an inoompleted second reading and
cn file for further consideration to-mor
row. . --f.:
FRIENDS OF QUARANTINE BILL
CLAIM ENOUGH VOTES TO PASS IT
Mr name Is Charles Cram; my age Is 25.
The first time I met Mr. Boyle was during
the quarantine. I became slightly acquainted
with him then. l*taw him in Chinatown
often after. About a month ago Boyle said
to me: "You're working In the clubs all the
time?" and asked me If I could go In them
end play. I tali: "Not now, but I used to."
lie said he wanted to get In and was willing
to pay anybody to take hlm'ln. I told him I
couldn't get In— I was doing well If I got In
while I was working there.
About 8 p. m.. Thursday, February 7. 1901,
Boyle met me in the saloon on the northwest
corner of Commercial and K«*arny streets. I
sent to the Examiner of flee for him. I «ald
to him: "I can Bx It for you to go .Into a
club." He nald: "All right, how much will
It be?" I said: "That is a question." He
tb*« asked me how much I would want. ¦. I
said: "How much will there be In It?" Then
b* said: "That's a matter you -will have to
come down to the office about. Anyhow, I'll
have to go down to the office and see about
it myself. How much would you want?"- and
I replied that I wanted enough to get out of
Tells the Police- That the Examiner
Paid Him- to do Dirty
Work.
, In reply to further questions, Cram
said that he had not paid the Chinese
to "put up a game for the gentlemen,"
and that, as a matter of fact, he (Cram)
was able and had. played In every fantan
game in Chinatown.
Mr. Knowland— I guess we don't want
any more of you.
The statement made by Cram to the po
lice Monday night and which he repudi
ated in court yesterday was as follows:
• i
STATEMENT WHICH
• v CBAM REPUDIATES
ply to Wright's pointed questions was
that Wrleht did not ask to be taken "to
any tantan game except the one which
he (Wright) selected from the list men
tioned by Cram.
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
FINING BILL IS NOW IN THE GOVERNOR'S HANDS
3
Because if Kidney Tronbie Is Permitted to Continue
Fatal Results are Sore to Follow.
DO NOT NEGLECT "
YOUR KIDNEYS
your water frequently night and day,
smarting or Irritation in passing, brick-
dust or sediment in the urine, headache,
backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
tions from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
matism, diabetes, bloating, irritability,
wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
of flesh, sallow complexion, or Bright'a
disease. -
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it Is
evidence that your kldney3 and bladder
need Immediate attention.
If you have the slightest symptoms oi
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there is a
trace of it in your family history, send at
once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blrghamton,
N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mall,
immediately, without cost to you. a sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root and a book con-
taining many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from
men and women cured. Be sure to say
that you read this generous offer in th<»
San Francisco Daily Call.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is
for sale the world over at drugr^ts in
bottles of two -sizes and two prices— fifty
cents and one dollar. Remem.'^r tho
name, Swamp-Root, and tho address,
Blnghamton, N. Y.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root.
Bent free by mall, postpaid, by which you
may test its virtues for such disorders as
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases,
poor digestion, when obliged to pass
ROBERT EERNER.
"I have been Buffering severely from kidney
trouble. AH symptoms were on hand; my
former strength and power had left me; I
could hardly dras myself along-. Even my
mental capacity was Klvingr out. and often I
wished to die. It was then I taw an a^i-erttse-
ment of yours In a Xew York paper, but would
not have iciM any attention to It. had It not
promised a sworn jruarantee with every bottle
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp-
Hoot Is purely vegetable, and does not contain
any harmful drugs. I am seventy years and
four months old. and with aScood conscience I
can recommend Swump-Koit to all sufferers
from kidney troubles. Four members of my
family have been ustngr Swamp- Root for four
different kidney diseases, with the same good
With many thanks to you, I remain.
Very truly your".
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the preat kidney'
and bladder remedy. Is soon realized. It
stands the highest lor its wonderful cures
of the "most distressing cases. Swamp-
Root will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this Is a trial.
14 West li;tb St.. New York City.
Dear Sir: Oct. lath, 1900.
ness and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when
through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
It used to be considered that only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to ths kidneys, but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their beginning in tho disorder of
these most important organs.
Your othsr organs may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or *«feel badly,'* begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because:
as soon as your kidneys are weO they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will
Co for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May flaye a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for moro sick-
Weak Kidneys Caused by Overwork, by Lifting or a Strain*
DR. KILMES'S SWAMP-BOOT.
J Ml i- iri^^Rffii j ' Tlr 1 1 \
| Andrew Carnegie j
\ the great steel magnate
j "Ona essential for cheap production . -•» _>»Wf1^^v
I is magnitude; concerns making one t*l*--
thousand tons of steel per day have Aw$^' :^ : ';WM'h\
little chance against one making ten. /fw'^»^1\V^-^(':M
We see this law in all departments or' /rtV-i-i^mWiWlWivi !
industry."- Evening Post. Ml(l mMm'M Will A !' f
..This is remarkably true- MMXmlW
as regards the clothing bus- /52^ :^S r Wm^ /'/ 1 7
i iness. As an example take life^jil W§W
I 'our • .
made - to • order wmm
I suite at $10 fiP.
¦ Now, we buy the. cloth in big yilililllra-'
I quantities direct from the mills M 'J j/ !|jj ' J, J
for three large stores, and by HWii % \yvA\j
selling great numbers of the suits j il,] »j f,lj ; ] g jj|
i at close profits we can necessarily | j } f| j I | jiMf
' offer better values than smaller V- M T^ ipf'll
j stores — either better goods . for. - Wfl' ; ' II I'll I
the same money or the same iflfllMI
goois for less money. V^ |i ! [. 1 1
I Think this over if "you need \w Vr |jj
a; suit. Our whole tailoring Ijjj | vk :
I department offers you advan- \f, l\fj\ ' i
I ta^ es -' • ' • m tyM
j Come- and get our samples— j || '\3M :
; we are liberal with them. '^ijW
i Out-of-iown orders filled — write for JzMil&r
samples and self-measuring blank. uMfflr
: 718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts. !
a AFTER EXPOSURE. £
[*i October 12, zgoo. u
B Warner's Safe Cure Co. g
i) ¦ Rochester, N. JT.t U
g Gentlemen:— I suffered for B
g over five years yrith bilious- H
6* ness, and at times it upset W
g me so that I could not enjoy g
B life nor attend to my domes- gj
U tio or social duties. War- U
H ner's Safe Care vra.s brought h
pi to my notice through a R
fi friend and three bottles I
ra cured me. It is the favorite g
& household remedy aovr for gj
B my entire family. We find u
a it excellent for any stomach Pa
I or liver trouble, and a fevr M
1 doses after exposure to cold Bt
w ward off unpleasant conse- |
j3 quences. R
|| Mrs. H. BENNETT, |
Ja ' 3ft. Pleasant, Iovra. H
President, Aft. Fleaiant Social 13
K Economic Club. J3GEORGE McFADDEN", EAST
ERN LIGHTWEIGHT. SCHED
ULED TO FIGHT HAWKINS.
Steamer Beported' Ashore.
I LONDON. Feb. 12.— The British steamer
Spartan Prince, from NewYork January
29 for : Naples, Genoa, etc/, is reported
ashore at Ceuta, opposite Gibraltar, »at
the -entrance to the Mediterranean Sea.
Aisistance has been Bent. . - .
One mile and an eighth, gelling— Greyforge
won, Chorus Boy second. KlngElkwood third.
Time,. 2:05. • ' ., , . ¦ .
• One mile — Strangest won. Choice second. Eva
Rlcs-.ttylrd. Time, 1:49.
One m!l« and five-eighths, selllnsr— Frangible
won, Lancewood - second, Albert Vale third
Time, 3:04. -•,-...
Six ¦ furlongs, celling — E Come won. Prestar
second, Al Lone . third. Time, 1:1914. '
NEW • ORLEANS, ¦ Feb. 12.-SU and a half
furlongs— Braw Lad . won, Henry of Fransta
mar second. George B. Cox third. Time. 1:24%.
•One mile, selling— Soorpoletle won', Dr. Car
rick second. Georgia Gardner third. Time
1:62. ...
Winners at New Orleans.
Oakland Selections.
First race — Scallywag. Dunfree, Rathwar.' '.
Second race— Sea Lion, Rio Shannon, Coming
Third race— Victoria S, Fred Atterbury Pep
per Sauce. " /
Fourth race — Flamero, Campus, Loneliness. ' '.
Fifth race— True Blue', Gold Or, Bill Garret.
El»th race— Peace, Goal Runner, [ Mlsa Ro-'
wena. ¦¦¦ ¦• • ; ; •
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs- four,
year-olds and upward; selling. '
ii5i « e . ace n ."ljO758)Slr' Hampton.;.117
1430 Miss Rowena...ll2 (lG63)Sweet Canora lifi
17€8St. Wood :..121 1706 AlmoneV *™ m
1620 Looram ...113 1751 Goal Runner ii«
16S2 Mike Rice 118 1733 Soelalfat 7" • 119
J52J !; Don ' t Know.113 1632 Hry Thatcher.ilU
1763 Mrs. C .-...107 1577 Aurora B;...... ill
.... Kulah 106 .
¦ Fourth raee — One mile and a sixteenth; thres
j-ear-olds and upward; selling. . ¦
1797 Grand Sachem. 109 (1793)Flamero im
1727Cwnpu» 112 17?3 Loneliness '."" g?
1796 Sam Howard. ..104 1955 Jim McCleevy li»
1663 None Such 109^ 1799 The Buffoon 104
1523 Twinkle Twink.107 1733 Satan '.aoJ
Fifth race-Six furlongs; the Belmont Handi
cap; $1000. ... .
M72T.)Gold Or.... 1171 17M Meehanus . 102
U79f.)Frank Bell .110 (1718)Bill Garrrtt 115
(KCDIJanger's Maid. SB 1751 Loving Cud 87
1795 Yellowtail 103 1733 True Blue i?n
1784 Lennep ".102 '"','
Third race — Three furlongs; maiden two-'year
olds;. Felling.
1~,7 Victoria S f.lM| 1729 Prestene 100
1G72 I^ento 106) 1794 Fred Atterbury 100
Hard Knight.. .100 1620 Pepper Sauce.. 100
17S7 King Herald... 97 Marello 100
Kstado ,100 .... Alice Josephine.lOG
.1794 Monastic 115 1794 Hiss Brentw'd 97
1762 Prestonian 109! .... Bister Abble 97
.... Cathello 971
Becond race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
¦».-ir<l; selling.
(179«>Sea Llon.l .114 1796 Joe Rlpley 114
179* Rio Shannon. ..109 1796 Coming Event. 114
1719 Expedient ......106 1798 Urchin ......;..1O6
1807 Uarda ...., 109 1612 Evlrato 114
1674 Redemption '...HH 1796 Ringmaster ...ill
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-old's:
Eplline.
(1792)DUTifr«?# 1141 1773 Rathfrar Ill
1748 Scallywag: 114 1795 Matilda O......105
1K7 Litmus 1U".
Oakland Entries.
Victory. for Juniors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 12.—
The baseball game between the junior and
senior .classes here to-rday resulted In a
victory for the juniors by^a score of 9 to
5. The juniors did some heavy stick -work
in the third inning, which netted them plx
runs.- gaining a lead which they ' held
throughout the game. Tho teams were
. Tanforan Selections. V/ v
First Race— Salvado, Billy Moore, Saintly. "
•Second .Race— Sister Jeanie, Sol, Legal
Maxim. .
Third Race— Credo, JOC, Lothian.
Fourth Race— Canmore.
Fifth Race— Dangerfleld, Commuter. Cougar.
Sixth Race— Wyoming. Imperious, Fgndo.'
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
1764 Koenig Ill 1732 Fondo 82
1T90 Locochee ....:..1O9 (1779)Imperious 10i»
1BS3 McNamara 10* 1791 William Ack... 8S
1803 Osmond 100 (178l)Wyomin« 115
Fifth Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; purse: j i
1831 Straight Shot. .112 1748 Cougar 315
.... Commuter 115 1774 Courtier 102
17S3 Seide ...." 105 (HSODaingerfleld ...115
1740 Haralamb 102 1783 Argof ....100
1325 Piratta 105 1S01 Berendos .... .105
1785 The Hoodoo ...100
Fourth Race— One mile; match race; sweep
stakes of $100 each, with $1000 added:
<1747)Canmore .115 | 1747 Articulate '....115
Third Race — Steeplechasa handicap; about
two miles:
1763 Lothian 15f>, (1782)Credo 172
17S2 J O C .........12Sf 178! Periwig 130
Melloeole .132 156« Kva Mm 123
1743 L. Chesterfield. 130|
Second Tiace — Threo and a half furlongs-;
fa'o-y ear-olds; purRe:
.... Irma ! .....1151 1757 Sol 112
1787 Minerva ...103 1721 Sister J>anle...ll2
17S7 Legal Maxim.. .ioy 1787 Maraschino 106
Tanforan Entries.
.First Race— Six ami a half furlongs: four
yf-ar-olds and- up; selling:
1723 Llrm-liKht U2| IMS Llzella 110
1763 Hnlntly 119 1779 Billy Moore 109
1665 Jennie Reid ..110 1756 Vassal ii*
1734 Salvado 115
DAL HAWKIXS. tho California
lightweight boxer, has taken a
big contract on his hands In
agreeing to try for the scalp of
George McFadden, the Eastern
fighter, who arrived In this city last Mon
day. The ring devotees of this city have
great respect for Hawkins' left, but they
say that McFadden will block It with as
much ease as -.lid Frank Erne in the mem
orable battle fought In this city -some
years ago. Again, it is said that Hawkins
has not the strength and hitting powers
that he was once known to possess, and
It Is also said that he will need all these
and something more when he tackles such
a rugged fighter as McFadden.
HawkinV friends are more optimistic in
their views. They claim that Dal Is as
good as of yore and that he will make the
Easterner, "beware of him. Hawkins is
training at the Fourteen-mile House and
Is rapidly rounding into form. He has
taken excellent care of himself and la con
fident that he can take McFadden s meas
ure
McFadden did not waste a minute in se
curing training quarters He went to
Croll's Gardens, in Alaroeda. and before
the sun had reached its meridian was lim
bering up his muscles at the various ma
chines in tho gymnasium. The visiting
lightweight If a husky-looking fellow. De
termination is written on his face and his
countenance has been well seasoned by
jabs uppercuts and swings. He is not the
handsomest fellow in the ring, but he is
an ugly customer to tackle.
McFadden wi]l battle with Hawkins be
fore the Twentieth Century Club on the
evening of the 2Sth. They will fight in the
Mechanics' Pavilion.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 12.— War was de
clared here to-day by the owners of six
tracks against the Xcw Western Jockey
Club. The six members or tho Western
Jockey Club, who were not allotted dates
when the new jockey club was recently
cj-panized in Chicago, met an<J reorganized
thei old- American Turf Congress, perfect
ing their plans for tho circuit durinp the
oorrinp Eoason and aHottlnir the dates.
The contest now will be for recognition
by the Eastern Jockey Club. The reor
ganized American Turf Congress feels
confident that I>!raont and others in New
York will recognize it as against a West
ern jockoy club. As there are eight mem
bers In the latter, ns comrared with six
members In the former, there was some
rj-jcEtian cs to the power of the minority.
but legal advisers held the action of the
«irbt members in Chicago to be illegal
iin<2 the proceedings here to-day to be In
accordance with law. aJI of the b!x
jockey clubs r-'irticSpatinp to-day in the
reorganization of the American Turf Con
gress were represented In person or by
counsel. Resolutions were adopted as fol
lows:
Whereas. The American Turf Congress was
organized Xovember, 1SS3. and has continued In
existence since that time, and on January 1,
JS01, consisted of the following members: New
Louisville Jockey Club of Louisville, the Lato
nia Jockey Club of Covington. the St. Louis
Jockey Club of St. Louis, the Tennessee Breed
ers' Association of Nashville, Tenn. ; the New
MemphU Jockey Club of Memphis, the Arkan
sas Jockey Club of Little Rock, the New Loui
siana Jockey Club of New Orleans, the Queen
City Jockey Club of Newport, Ky. ; the Wash
ington Park Club of Chicago, the Chicago
Jockey Club of Chicago, the Harlem Jockey
Club cf Chicago, the Highland Park Club of
Detroit, the Western Turf Association of San
Francisco; and
Whereas, Every provision and regulation of
the constitution, by-laws or rules of the said
American Turf Congress Is for the single pur
pose of the maintenance of the declared object
cf that organization, which is the Improvement
of the breed and the development of horses
through promotion of the Interest of the Araeri
lcan racing turf, the prevention, detection and
punishment of fraud thereon and the adoption
of regulations and rules to be known as the
American racing rules for the uniform govern
ment of racins; and
Wfcereas. The administration of the affairs
of the American Turf Congress to that end has
not b*en questioned and may not be truthfully
questioned; and
Whereas. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
eight persons, to-wit: Lawrence- "Voung, George
G. Perkins, R. Fitzgerald, M. Nathanson, C
II. Bush, Robert Aull, S. R. Montgomery and
¦\\. K. Schulte haw lately met in Chicago and
undertaken to organize themselves into what
they call the "Western Jockey Club" with the
avowed purpose of superseding ¦ the American
Turf Congress and governing racing in the
West. and. with the dissimilation .that usually
characterizes unworthy action, pretended to
If acting as Individuals and not as representa
tives of the jockey clubs or associations of
which they are the leading members, though
but for that connection their pretensions
would tiut subject them to ridicule: and
Whereas. The undersigrfed members of the
American Turf Congress, confident that the
I'ublic must tee that the only purpose of their
ffllow members, the Xew Louisville Jockey
Club, the Latonla Jockey Club, the St. Louis
Jockev Club, the New Memphis Jockey Club,
the New Louisiana Jockey C'lab, the Chicago
Jeckey Club, the Washington Park Club and
the Harlem Jockey Club, through the individ
uals named above, is to oust them from par
ticipation in the regulation of racing in the
We*t, and having failed to find, cause for
expelling them from the American Turf Con
press and having without courage to them
s<-1vps withdrawn from the said congress and
f.pht for supremacy in the open; and notwith
standing that they have full control of the
offices of the congress and a two-thirds vote
in the organization, not daring , to pass any
rule or regulation they can live under which
the undersigned will not, they are given to the
unworthy and despicable method above recited
tr attempt the exclusion of the undesigned
from participating in regulations in the West;
therefore, be it
¦ Resolved; By the undersigned, as representa
tives of the following members of the Ameri
can Turf Congress: The Queen City Club of
Newport. Ky. ; the Tennessee Breeders' Asso
ciation of Nashville; the Arkansas Jockey
riub of Little Rock and. the Highland Park
Club of Detroit that, trusting to the intelli
gence and integrity of the horsemen of this
country to uphold us=. we' now declare our de
termination at all hazards and Rt whatever
cost to uphold the supremacy of the American
Turf Compress, and recognize no other author
ity on racing matters in the West, bo long as
that association Shall have for its object those
it now has; and, further
Resolved. That we call upon the press and
public to «tand by us, and we would further
sound a note of warning to some of those
olubs that oppose us and beg them to remem
»*r that the greed that flndu twelve too many
will soon become dissatisfied with eitfht. .
TENXESPKE BREEDERS' ASSOCIATION.
By MAY OVERTON and J. W. RUSS
WORM, Secretary.
ARKANSAS JOCKEY CLUH,
By C. A. TIL.LES. Oeneral Manager.
HIGHLAND PARK JOCKEY CLUB.
By GEORGE M. HEXDRIE, President,
and W. O. PAnMER. Secretary.
QUEEN CITY JOCKEY CLUH.
By F. F. FOWLEIt. General Manairer.
onrl ROGER SITLLIVAN, Secretary.
YO. th» underBisn'-fl racinsr association!! not
connected with either the American Turf Con
prepg or the Wosiprh Jockey Club, having con-
F.'dered the respective claims of the said or
ganizations to reirulate racing in the Wept,
are constrained by every principle of Justice
and the permanent pood of raeinR, to give our
allegiance to the American Turf Congress, and
now declare that we will race under its rules
and r^iralations.
FORT ERIE RACETRACK,
Y.y Highland Park Club. Lessees.
DEL. MAR JOCKEY CX.UB,
By S. W. ADLER. General Manager.
It was unanimously agreed that the
clubs signing these resolutions would fur
nish a full season's continuous racing and
care for and protect all owners and others
racing with them.
ACCUSED OF BIGAMY
AND OTHER MISDEEDS
% '
James A. Taylor, Formerly of Minne
sota, Is Arrested in Seattle and
Must Stand Trial.
SEATTLE. Feb. 12.— Through quick per-
ceptlon and a good memory, 'Chief of Po
lice Meredith this afternoon located here
James A. Taylor, whom the authorities
in several Minnesota cities claim to be an
accomplished swindler and bigamist.
Taylor contributed to his own undoing
by going to the police and complaining
that he had been robbed of a email sum
by a woman in a First-avenue saloon.
Taylor is a contractor on street work
in the suburbs of the city. He Is accused
of committtne bigamy in Duluth, Minn.
His lawful wife was a prominent society
woman of Spokane. She is in Seattle now
ar/i is unwilling to believe that the father
of her two children is wanted for bigamy.
Taylor denied the charge of bigamy, but
admitted that he had left DuUith with
many debts hanging over his head.
ASHORE OFF TATOOSH.
Collier Frederica Sights a Vessel in
Difficulties.
VICTORIA. B. C. Feb. 12.— The collier
Frederica, which has arrived from San
Francisco, reports having seen a shin
ashore off Tatoosh while bound In this
morning, but did not go near enough to
sr>eak to her.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAK3LANT) RACETRACK. Tuesday
February 12.— Weather line. Track
good.
18O-J. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs: selling;
maiden three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. hi- %• Fin.
1652 El Sonoro. 3. 101. Dom'k 112 12 13
1624 S. Lucia. 6, 116, Jonea.... 3 2 M 2 2 2 1
1761 Hilary, 4, 114, Jenkins.. 8 3 hi, 3 H 3 h
173S G. F'der, 4, 111. Materne 5 4 1 4 3 4 hi
1564 Illusion. 3. 101. Mounce.. 9 9 4 51 6 2
146$ Abba L, 3, 101, Brodien..l2 6 M 7 M 6 V4
1S40 El Karn. 3, 103, Kelly.... 1 7 14 8 n 7 1
Alpha Lee, 3, 101. Loguel3 12 10 hi 8 2
16SS Compa'n. 3, 10J, J. Daly. 7 5 % 6 9 J4
1774 Tristraln, 3, 106, Howell.15 11 1.9 10 1
1744 Blanda, 3. 101, Weir 11 10 1 11- 11 h
1638 Pegal'g, 3, 103, H. Bro'n.14 14 14 12 h
IKS Y. MoreUo. 4. 117. Fal'y. 4 8 1 12 13 4
1654 C. Lucas, 3. 101. Ransch. 10 15 15 14
1637 M. Con'rs, 3, 10L Stuart. 6 13 13 15
Time-Mi. :12H: %. :3G&: tt. V.02\i. Good
start. Wen cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, Doblo & Co.'s br. f. by Amigo-
Fame. Winner had most speed and slipped
away. Santa Lucia Is fast Hilary ran a fair
race. Abba L will do in cheap company.
Betting— El Sonoro, 2; Santa Lucia, 6; Hilary,
5; Gold Finder, 25; Illusion. 10; Abba L, 25;
Kl Karn, S; Alpha Lee, 60; Companion, 5;
Tristraln, 9; Blanda. 60; Pegalong. 60; Young
Morello, 30; Carrie Lucas, 60; Mollle Connors,
25. . • •
1SO3. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; Belllne;
four- year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- ?*• Fin.
16.'4 Marcato, 6, 104. Ransch-. 13 1 2 2 1H
1723 Alleviate, 6, 102, Howell. 5 6 h 4 hi 2 »i
1479 Ost. Joe. a, 10S, Bullman 4 7 2 6 h 3 4
1616 K. Gib'ns, 5. 102. Mo'nce.ll 6 2 7 hi . 4 n
1742 Nullah, 4, 100, Dom'ick. 2 11 11 6^
1470 Tizona. 4, 101. J. T. W'ds 7 8 5 6 h 6 1
nm Moringa, 6, 104. Wainw't 9 10 2 9 1 7 1,
17CS Un Cadea, 4, 101, J. Daly 6 2 n 3 1 8 1
17S3 Rosalbra, a, 107. Ross... 3 4 h 10 9H
1776 Del Vista, 4, 99, Stuart.. 10 11 11 10 4
1733 D. Luis, a, 106. McCarty.12 12 12 11 2
1271 Lit Sister, 6, 102, Kelly. 8 9 4 8 1 12 20
1617 J. McCabe, 5, 104, Brown.13 13 13 1>
Time— \, :25; hi, :4»U: H. 1:15V«. Fair start.
Won first three driving. Winner, Burns &
Waterhouse's br. g. by Duke of Montrose-
M.innehaha Belle. Nullah would probably have
won, but ran her race in false breakaways.
Ransch rode a nice race on the winner. Katie
Gibbons, with a better break, would have been
hard to beat. Scratched— Foul Play 99, Lost
Girl 102.
Betting— Marcato, 5; Alleviate, 13; Ostler Joe,
12; Kattle Gibbons, 7; Nullah. 6-5; Tizona. 15;
Moringa, 30; Un Cadeau, 10; Rosalbra, 50; Del
Vista. 20; Don Luis, E0; Little Sister, 50; Jack
McCabe, 100.
JSOO. TIimr> RACE— Three furlongs; two
year-olds;, purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. *i. Str. Fin.
.... Killdoe. 115, Jenkins 1 11 ... 1 hi
.... PL Pomona, 115, Howell. 4 3 2 ... 2 4
.... G. Green, US, Jones 5 2 1 ... 3 >a
Malaspina. 115, Kelly... 3 4 1 ... 4 2
Botany. 115, Mounce. ...10 6 1 ... & hi
.... B. C. Green, 118. Bed'br.ll 7 ',4 •-• 6 1
.... Post Hell, 115, Golden... 7 8 ... 7 X
.... Mariosa, 115, Devin 6 5 2 ... 8 1
.... Win'bell, 115. J. T. W'ds. 8 10 ... 8 2
Zirl. 115. Bullman 9 9' ... 10
Jar. d'Or, 115. Ruiz 2 11 ... 11
Huachuea, 118. J. Daly. .12 12 ... 12
.... Damly. 118, Ross 13 13 ... 13
.... Lady Carlo. 113, Fallehy.14 11 ... 14 .
Time— %. :12%i: %. :36U- Good start Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by imp. Foul Shot-
Dulcle Larondie. Winner away. well and excel
lently handled. Flora Pomona, was best, not
any will do. So will B. C. Green. Scratched—
LIlHe Dale 115.
Betting — Kllldoe, 10; Flora Pomona, 5-2; Gra
ham Green, 5; Malaspina, 30; Botany. 9: B. C.
Green, 100; Post Bell. 100; Mariosa. 23; Winna
bpll. 3C; Zlri, 7-2; Jarretierre d'Or, 7-2; Hua
chuea, 20; Dandy. 30; Lady- Carlo. 100.
1S07. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a quar
ter; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
$100.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
174H The Bobby. 4. 101. t>omk. 3 12 12 13
1727 Morinel. 6. 104, Mounce.. 4 3^34 2 Mt
1659 Espence. 4, 101. Ransch. 6 2 1 2 ifc 3 10
(1773H'arda. 6, 104. Robs 2 48 4 4 4 8
1790 Sprung. 4. 101. Howell... 16 6 6
Time— 14. :25H: H. -oOYt: ?i. 1:16: mile, 1:42V4:
l^m, 2:CS?i. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, Fred Cook's ch. g.
by Inspector H-Fansy Blossom. The Bobby
beet ridden. Mounce on Morinel waited too
long. KssMwe slow to break. Sprung will win
before springtime.
Betting— The Bobby, 7-10; Morinel, 2; Essence,
8; Uarda, 15; Sprung, 100.
1S08. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds: purse. $400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. Bt. %'. Str. Fin.
1785 Dandy Jim, 110, Mounce. 14 1 1 ft l U
1792 St. Rica. 110. Bullman... 2 1 n . 2 3 2 6
17S3 Homage. 99. Ransch 5 3 ',4 3 4 3 6
1730 C. Ooetz. 99. J. T. W'ds 3 2 1 4 2 4 4
1438 Lief Prince. 104. J. Daly. 4 5 5 5
Time-tf. :2SH; :49?«; %, 1:15%: m, 1:42%.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Hughes & Elliott's ch. c.
by Rowland-Frances Nichols. Dandy excel
lently ridden. St. Rica d.ld his best. Lief
Prince cut off early. Scratched— Bavassa 99.
Betting-Dandy Jim. 3-2; St. Rica, 11-5; Hom
age, 6; Cora Goetz, 50; Lief Prince, 3,
1SOJ>. SIXTH RACR-Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $400: »
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *£. Str. Fin
(16T.6) Horton, 5, 113, liullman 4 2 3 In 1 1H
(17R0) Torslna, a, 103, Mounce 7 6 4 3 4 2 ns
1674 MorrlE3»-y, a, 107, Jenk's 112 2 1 3 3
17S1 Kl Mido. 5. 107.. J. Daly 5 4 h 4 1 4 >4
1771 The Monk, 4, 107. Dmn'k 2 6 5 5 2 ,5 8
1733 Mitten, 4, 102, Soils 3 7 7 6 1
1671 J. Jingle, fi. l0r>, Devin. 6 3n C6 7
Time— H. .:U%: %. :36%; %. 1:01%,';. %. 1:2S.
Good start. AVon cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. McGov*>rn'B ch. h. by ni
Rryo-Fupillad^'s I^ast. Bullman on winner
rode «n excellent race. Torslna away poorly.
The Monk w.ls worked on, finishing, up one
mil« and a furlong. Scratched — Grand Sa
chem 107. ' • ' ¦
Betting— Horton. 13-5; Torslna, 7-5; Pat Mor
rissey. 9-2; El Mido. 30; The Monk, 4; Mitten.
100; Jingle Jingle, BO.
netting— Artllla. 2; Brownie Anderson, 7-10;
The Singer. 15; Rnpido. 300: Hohenloh*. 12;
Lady Meddlesome, 20; Osmond, 20: Sidelong, £0.
Time— V«. :2S4: ,H. :504: »4. 1:15%; mfle.
lMl'i. Fair start. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings &
Co.'s b. m. by imp. Artillery-Duchess of
Towers. Artllla was the .gftmest. Brownie
Andfrson much the best of the balance. The
Singer ran to- his "notch. Scratched— The
Phoenician 117, Wnlkensha-W 116.
I8O3. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $300:
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H. «f* Fin
1786 Artilla. 4, 104, Burns.... 2 lh 1H IS
(1749)B. Anrt's'n, 4. 106, Henry 123 2 3 2 2
17fi3 T.- Singer. 4. 106. O'Con'r 5 52 3 h 3 3
1779 Rnpido. u. 111. Murphy. 7 4 4 5 4 4 4
1734 Hoh'lohc. 6, 117, Turner 3 6^62 5 h
1763 L Mfd'sm, 5. 111. Woods 4 7 h 7-4 6 1
1754 Osmond. 5. Ill, Buchan' 8 3 1 4475
1722 Sidelong, E, 113, Fogg... 8 8 8 8
Time— 1-1C, :06%; 5-16, :31V4; 7-18. :44r 11-16.
1:09; m. l:41Vi; '1 l-16m. 1:48. Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving. Winner.
Louis & Obermpyer's br. g. by Tiger-Lucia dl
Lammermoor. Edgardo was heavily played
and ran a swell race. Handlcapper ran to
form. Owensboro not . much at present.
Scratched— Lamachus 8S.
Betting— Edgardo, 4; Handlcapper, 2; Owens
boro, 1; Sybarls, 30; Klckumbob. 100.
1SO2. FIFTH RACE— One and a. sixteenth
miles; ; selling; four-year-old's and up; purse,
$400:
Index. Hortft*. Wt, Jockey. St. %.¦ »4. Fin
1751 KdKardo. 4, 104. O'Con'r. 3 3 h 21 H«
1781 Handic'per, 4, 107, Bums 5 11 1 1*4 2 1
1781 Owcneboro, 4, 104, Henry 14 3 3 u 3 8
1768 Sybarts. 6. 97, WaUh... 4 2 »i 4 4 4 3
1766 Klckumbob, 4, 98, D'gmn 2 5 5 5
Betting— Raveling, 7-5;* Berendos. 30; Tola,
5-2; Argregor. 4; Aphrodls, 7; Sublime, 69;
Straight Shot, 40;. Byron Rose. 300; Carlovi
glan, 30.' ' - -
Time— 3-1(1, :W6; 7-16, :42tf; 5%f. 1:07%. Good
ptart. Won first threo driving. Winner, W
Shields' b. c; My Ravelston-Elmlnetta. Ravel
ing cut off a couple of times; was best. Ar
gregor went to the post lame.. Aphrodls ran a
fair race. Scratched— Sebastlana 100 Argot
107, Artena 100. -•
1801. FOURTH' RACE-Flve and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds; purse, $350:
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. y,. %. Fin.
1774 Raveling, 117, T. Burns. 4 4 h 3 1 13
— Bprendo?, 112, .Enos... ;.. 3 12 13 2 2
(1724)Tola, 114, Henry 1 2 2 23 3%
1729 Argregor, 117, N. Turner 9 8 1 6 1 4 2
1762 Aphrodia; 107. O'Connor. 5 3 1 4 S 5 3
1763 Sublime, 112. Fogg....... 2 6 1 8 6 6 1
1702 Straight Shot, 102, Burke 6 S l'i 7 1 7 2
.... Byron Rose, 1C9, Russell 8 7 Vt 5 M 8 2
844 Carloviglan, 109, Buch'an 7 9 9 9
BettinR— Waring,' 1-4; Kenllworth, 9-2; Spe
cific. 16: Rio 'do Altar, 30; Miss Madeline. 500;
Redwald, 100.
18OO. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, $400:
!mfiw H ?^'i n Jockey. .St. %. Str. Fin.
(1771) Waring, 4, 117, Henry... 6 6 1 h 1 2
™ ,P nlIw<h - 3 - 106. O'Con'r 3 3 1 2 1 2 8
1726 Specific, 4. 117, T. Burns. 12 2 31 38
\}ll £ Altar. 3, 106. Al'xdr 2 1 h 4 4 4 4
Jl« n * Iad , e J lne . *¦ » 7 . Fogg 4 4 H 5 3 5 6
1415 Redwald, 4, 117. Woods. 5 616 6
Time— VS. :24Vi; %, :36Vi; %. i:00H. Good
?M rt ' Won eas "y- Second and third driving.
U inner, S. C. Hildreth's b. h. by imp. llas
setto-The Sweeper. Waring much the best,
was cut off at etart by Redwald. and Inter
fered with in the stretch by Kenllworth. Spe
cific. ran well., Scratched— Janice 101, The
Lady 111 •
Betting— Antagone, 13-5; MacLaren, 11-5; For
matus. 7; Beautiful Bill, 12; Pallucas. 60; Ab
bylelx L, 40; Little Minch Jr., 4. .
Titne-U. :24U: %, :4S^; %. 1:14%. Good
start. Won ridden out. . Second and third
driving. Winner, Carruthers & Shields' b. m.
y ,!? p : T °PS an ant-Essay. Antagone had a
Ti ° « of Weed, but was ready to lie dotvn at
the finish. Minch got away all . tangled' up.
Formatus closed stoutly. Scratched— Matt
Jlogan 109.
1709. SECOND RACE-Slx furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400: * " -
Index, Horse, Wt," Jockey. St. *b. Str. Fin.
•:;• Antagone» 4, 105, Burr*. Ill 13 14
1^61 M Laren. 4, 112, O'Con'r 5 2 h 2 2 2 na
1770 Formatus, 4, 109. Tullet. 3 5 3 5 4 3 2
1742 B. Bill, 4. 112, Henry.. 2 3 2 3 2 4 h
&»5 ?tli" cas> 5< 107 ' Enos.... 4 4 1 4 Vi 5 10
1738 AbTl L, 4, 105, Tamplln 6 7 7 ' 6 3 "•
1742 Mlnch Jr, 5, 107, Buch'n 7 6h 6 2 7
Tlrae-tf. :13U; ',4. :25; %. :43V4; %. l:2SVi.
Good start. Won first three driving.- Winner,
D. H. Barnes' br. h. by Bersan-Fable. Bar
rack best. Henry nearly tossed the race off
by waiting too long. Racetto ran a smashing
race. . Scratched— Slsquoc 106.
Betting-Barrack, 13-20; Racetto, 4; Great
land, 10; Royal Prize, 20; Meadow Lark, 8;
Bobus Bill. 15; Dunboy, 20; Mary Klnsella, 50;
TANTORAN PARK. Tuesday, Febru
ary 12.-Weather fine. Track fast.
1708.. FIRST RACE-Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, 1350: -.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. y,. Str. Fin
.... Barrack, 4, 109, Henry.. 7 7^41 1 ns
17,0 Racetto. 4. 106. O'Connor 3 2 h 2 1 " 2 3
J™ 2 reat 1 r £» 5 - H2. Baa'ger. 4.34 : 3 hi 3 h
ill? Royal Prize. 6. 109. Enos 5 1 1 1 h 4 1
, \l™ «• Lar*. a, 109. Burns 6 6 tf G 1 5 1 :
VJi £ Og \. BHI ' *' m ' M «n>hy 1 5 17 1 6 2
,t?o P, un ,5 oy - a - 109 - Bucha'n 2 4 h - 5 V, 7 2
Ji» 8 £J- K' 118 ' 1 *. 6. 107. Burke 9 9 8 6 S 8
Ii61 Talma, 4, 103, Meade... S 8 3 9 9
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
The last'race of. the day, was'a splendid
victorv for Tommy .Burns on 'Artllla, the
second choice, ¦; Brownie Anderson, *wlth
Henry up, was Artilla'snemesis from the
time the bunch .was broken until the finish
of. the one mile course. Ajtllla was game
and the. Brownie could not overtake her.
Edgardo, Winnie O'Connor in the saddle,
won the mile and a sixteenth. The tip
went round the ring that Edgardo would
make a funeral- of the other four starters.
The opening price was 8 to 1,- but the best
that could be obtained when • the >• horses
were at the post was 4 to 1; Owensboro,
ridden by • Henry, sold the ; favorite, but
was at no: time within striking .distance.
Handieapper,; the second. choice, sent- glad
thrills down the backs of his supporters
until. the bunch" turned into the stretch.
Then Kdgardo moved up and passed under
the -wire a safe distance ahead of Handi
eapper, who was fighting it out with
Owensboro for ¦ the place. ... -
Tommy Burns steered Ravelling through
safe in the -fourth race, leaving Berendos,
a. 30 to 1 shot, the place and Tola the ?how
money. There was a heavy plav on Rav
ei.ing, which resulted in a backing down
from 3 to 1 to 7 to 5. The bunch of nine
got off well, Bcrendos moving up at the
tlrst station and holding the lead! until
the stretch, when Burns whipped up a
bit and passed him with Ravelling. The
course was five and a half furlongs.
The second race, a six furlong event,
was easy for Antagone, owned bv Caruth
ors & Shields. Burns had the leg and he
took a flying leap away from the bunch
at the start. Antagone was never headed.
Maclaren,^ the favorite, and Formatu?
made a driving finish, the former barely
saving the place. • • • •
The first race, over a seven furlongs
course, was won by Barrack, 7 to 10/ Until
tho stretch was reached Barrack was be
hind a strong gate, but broko through
at this point, winning from Racetto by a
single-jointed nose. The tip was out that
Greatland would do something brilliant
and the odd^ came down from 30 to 10.
Greatland passed tinder the wire a length
tnhind Racetto. . . .
The event of the day, the five-eighths
of a mile race for a WOO purse, was run
close to the Tanforan' record time. Sam
HSldreth's Waring, the 1 to 4 favorite,
piloted over the live-eighths route by Hen
ry, came home in this race with all the
honors and the money. O'Connor on Ken
llworth, the second choice, did some rough
riding 1 on the last turn, but Waring was
coming up tao fast to be headed otf, and
finished two full lengths ahead of O'Con
nor's mount. Tommy Burns, on Specific,
got the show. Rio de Altar, Miss Made
line and Redwald walked .in behind,
rtedwald and Rio were on their worst be
havior at the post, making the start a
long and painful one. Dwyer finally got
them all off together, however. . Tod
Sloan was to- pilot The Lady, but she
was not started. - .
A slight diminution In the crowd was
noticeable at Tanforan yesterday, but the
belting was brisk. , The same eleven
hooks with the two field operators were
in evidence and all doing a fair business.
The track was fast and the weather fine.
in the majority of races rode eas
ily one, two, three. Burns was mounted
on three winners, Henry on two, and
O'Connor on one. But a single race
movad away, from the ¦ favorites or sec
ond chok-os, and that was, the fifth,
which Edgardo won handily. . At the
opening Louis & -Obermeyer's entry sold
os high as 8 to 1. but there was plenty of
money in the ring and when the horses
vent to the post the best obtainable price
was' 4 to 1.
fp-rp^OMMY BURNS, with Henry and
I O'Connor, carried off the. saddle
I honors' at Tanforan yesterday.
LL They piloted all the winners and
By Louis Honig.
A great field promises to start in the
Burns handicap to be decided on Saturday
at the track across the bay. The follow
ing horses are still elifflbls: Beau Or
monde. Advance Guard, Waring, Yellow
.Tail, Florizar,' Specific, Greenock. Haji
dicapper. The Monk, Bathos, Mortgage,
Rio Shannon. Eddie Jones. Favonius, The
Fretter, St. Slmonlan, Sea LJon. Gauntlet,
Morinel and Scotch Plaid. >
Following are the entries for the San
Francisco handicap. $10,000 added, to' be
run at Tanforan Park Saturday, Feb
ruary 16, 1001, at one and a quarter miles:
Advance Guard. Vesuvlan, Vulcain. War-
Ing, Andrlsa. The Lady. Gonfalon, St.
Simonian, Autumn, Joe Frey, Owensboro,
Canmore, Handlcapper, Imperious, Green
ock, Vain, Star Chamber, Beau Ormonde
Brutal, Lavator, MacGyle, Florizar, Pre
clfic.
>
AT TANFORAN TRACK
¦ The feature at Tanforan to-day will be
the argument between Articulate and
Canmore over a mile for a purse of
now. . ...
Some time ago Charley Boots lost Ed
gardo from a selling race at Tanforan un
der the claiming clause. After the geld
ing won the fifth event yesterday t!ie
Elmwood farm owner boosted the winner
$300. but did not get the horse back. |
Track Notes.
Bookmaker Fred Cook's handy gelding
The Bobby downed game little Morinel
in the mile and a quarter run. The chest
nut gelding closed a 7 to 10 choice, and
after leading most of the way won ; by
threo open lengths .in 1 :OSVi- Essence,
with Ransch up, finished a close third.
Back again in the stable of his original
owners. Hughes & Elliott. Dandy Jim cel
ebrated the occasion by boating out St.
Rica in the mile selling affair, starting fa
vorite. Bullman cut out the running with
St. Rica, but his mount eould not stand
the pressure, losing the decision by half
a length. JAct Prince leceived some back
ing at oads of 4>i to 1 and then ran last.
Bullman got home first astride Horton
In the final seven furlong number. Mounce
did not sot away from the post any too
well with Torslna, tho favorite, finishing
over a length back of Horton at the close.
Pat Morrissey had all of his old-time
speed, failing to last the route, however.
Thirteen answered roll call in the six
furlong sprint following. Marcato, the
Burns & Waterhouse entry, undoubtedly
possessed the most class, but the suppo
sition was that Ransch couldn't handle
the big fellow. The smart money then
went in on Nullah, cutting her odds from
5 to 2 to 6 to 5. - There was a considerable
delay at the post and the warm one ruined
her chances in false breakaways. After
receding to 5, Marcato, well ridden, led
the 20 to 1 shot Alleviate out half a length.
Old Ostler Joe, piloted by Bullman; drop
ped into the show.- . ...
Very little was known about any par
ticular one of the fourteen starters in the
three-furlong spin, for. two-year-olds that
had never started. Flora Pomona, a su
perb looking filly by Imp. Florist, trained
by Joe Tighe. was- the tip, and her odd*
were gradually cut from.G to 13 to 5. She
was headed to the stretch turn and com
pelled to go wide, and then only lost out
by half a length to Killdoe. The winner,
a 10 to 1 shot from the Burns & 'Water
house stable, was Judiciously ridden by
Clem Jenkins. Eddie Jones finished third
on Graham Greene.
ble, and the betting . was near
ly if not quite as good as on the opening
day of the week. Mr. Caldwell had some
large. and unwieldy fields to dispatch, ac
quitting himself admirably. Favorites di
vided honors with longer priced ones in
the betting, capturing three of the purses.
The opening five-furlong scramble saw
fifteen lusty maidens of different sizes and
ages canter over to the post. It looked
as if El Sonoro, with Domlnick up, pos
sessed the largest consignment of speed,
and the filly was installed a 2 to 1 choice.
She tip-toed the delegation from' flag fall,
beating Santa Lucia to tho wire by two
lengths. Jenkins got third money with
Hilary. ...
THERE may have been a slight
falling off in the attendance at
Oakland track yesterday, but if
there was it was scarcely percep-
By P. E. Mulhollahd.
Two Exceptions Were Jenkins* Piloting of Kildoe, a 1O to 1 Shot,
Across the Bay, and O'Connor's Victory on Edgardo,
FIRST CHOICES RULE AT BOTH
TANFORAN AND OAKLAND TRACKS
Owners of Six Tracks Reorganize ' It and
Declare War on the Western
Jockey Club.
OLD TURF CONGRESS
IS GIVEN NEW LIFE
PREPARATIONS FOR
FIGHT GO MERRILY ON
pretty evenly matched and the game was
full of interest to the spectators, who, aa
usual, were divided into factions.
proceed to Cincinnati. Tha promoters ray
that they would In no event attempt to
pull off the flshrlf an Injunction should
Be issued against them. They would
await a decision on appeal first.
*There was the usual activity tc-day
around the training quarters The num
ber of visitors is increasing dally. Tho
members of the company that will sup
port Jeffries on the road arrived from
New York to-day and proceeded with
their rehearsals. If. the contest is noz
postponed next Friday night this com
pany will appear with Jeffrie3 on Satur
day night at Columbus and be here next
Ruhlln is scheduled to appear with
Martin at Marietta next Saturday and
also be on the road next week and there
after. The raanaper3 of the contest have
their dates fixed for next week and there-.,
after and are anxious to have the event
pulled off here on time.
Meanwhile There Is Much Comment Over
Governor Nash's Action in Hold
ing Tpdops.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Feb. 12.—Prepara
tions, for Friday's fights have proceeded
to-day the' same, as usual and the pro
moters expect the events to come off ac
cording to sohedule. Over $1000 was taken
In for tickets to-day. If the application
for an injunction is refused on Thursday
morning the promoters expect orders to
roll in that day and Friday.. While there
has been much talk about postponing the
contest -no action '.will be taken before
Friday afternoon.
If Judge Ifollister hands down a de
cision against the contest an appeal to a
higher court will be taken immediately,
and in. that event there is no doubt that
the date will he postponed for two or
three weeks. Mearirime there- is much
comment, over the active preparations of
Governor Nash' in having two or three
regiments of militia awaiting orders to
LIGHTWEIGHTS
IN TRAINING
FOR CONTEST
McFadden Working Hard
at Croll's Gar
dens.
EARLY DECISION XN THE '
.;1: WILCOX CASE EXPECTED
Hawaiian Delegate Files His Brief
and All the Evidence Is
Now In.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— D.elegate TV1T-
cox of Hawaii to-day filed his brief m
support of his right to hold a seat in Con
gress and in defense to the legal objec
tions raised In, petitions filed against him.
The document Is lengthy and says in part:
Th« Governor of Hawaii issuer! his procla
mation for the election in due form. Before
that time three separate parties had hel<1 their
nominating conventions and placed their re
spective candidates for delegates to Congress
la the field to be voted for. After a campaign
accompanied with the usual American cam
paign speaking, torchlight processions and.
parading of bands. In which the voting popu
lation vrey generally participated, and in
which campaign George D. Gear, who flies
the petition herein, stumped the Islands, urg
ing the people to vote for a. delegate to Con
gress to represent the Hawaiian people. tni
election was held, resulting in a majority for
Robert W. Wilcox. All th» election officers
cf Hawaii acted in good faith, as did the elec
tors and they were generally registered and
voted at the election and the Inspiration to
question the matter of election came after
the result had beerf announced.
The CommKtee on Elections now has all
the testimony and law on the case ana
an early decision Is expected.
Training Ship Is Safe.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The Navy De
partment has received a cablegram from
Commander 'Delano of the training ship
Topeka announcing his arrival at Barba
does. -The Topeka recently sailed from
Cape Verde, and apprehension was felt In
some quarters as to her safety.
NEW TURF CONGRESS AND OHIO'S PRIZEFIGHT PUZZLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
4
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL. LAND.
Controls 440 Bcre«. .Are drilllns. Some stock
le being sold at 60c r"-r share. Information and
prospectus furni5bed on application. No. Z,
Second Floor, Jl'.lls UulMSne. San Francisco.
THE WELLINGTON
Etock non-fi*ses*anle. Lands In Monterey and
Ban Lvl* Obtepo counties. Small amount of
rtock now w-Hing at lie- Prorpectu* and 'infor-
mation on application. NORMAL. COMPANr.
8C4 Parrott bufldlns. B. K.
NORMAL OIL COMPANY.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a ccmraor owr.lTWf producinc well.
Write or call for information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL. CO.. 477 Parrott Building.
SENT FREE JO MEN !
A Most Bemarkabld Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigro?
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekag-e Sent toy Mall
to All Who Writs.
Free trial packages of a mc3t remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write tha State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental ami
physical Eufterlng of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who -write It
is a home treatment, and all men who
sutler from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful lolly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the- desired location, giving: strength
and development Just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 32S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable vo leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable thorn
to sci how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free Eample, carefully sealed
In a plain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. •
ADVEETISEHBNTS.
Dr.PIERCES j',
GOLDEN
MEDICAL'
nm FOR THE
1 BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOItATIVE. 1NVIQORA-
tor and Nervine.
Tho most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tha Sexual OrK»n«. for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha KM.
neya and Bladder. Sills on its own merits. .
NABER. ALTS & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market it. 8. F.-(Send for Circulars.)
{ffFj&Jlaty injection. <
TaPERMANENT CURE f
> of the moat obetinato cases of GdnorrlioM 5
2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to O c
? days ; no other treatment reqnlred. s
C . Sold by all druggists. ¦ - S
IA/. T. HESS.
KOTABT PC3U3 AN3 ATTOESiy.AP-tATr, V.
Tenti Floor. Room 1015. Clan» Spreckrls Blda^
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence. S21 CalUonia st. below Pawiil, .
San Francisco. >
ADVERTTSEIVrRirrS.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
;« -¦ . ¦ - -'-Sy
Jmiv iiVi
Ladies 1 FurTrimmed
VIC! KID JULIETS
Keep your feet warm, for this Is th«
reason of the year when coughs and
colds are easily contracted. And how
cold It Is these morning's! You cer-
tainly require warm footwear, and
her* l» a special offer: Ladles' Viet
Kid Juliets, with seal fur trtmmlnp
coin toes and patent leather tips yel-
low elder down lining, hand furnM
soles and low heels. Reduced to S1.35
Sizes 3 to 8, widths I> and E.
HEAR YE WIVES
of Workingmen!
Does "yonr husband belong to a labor
union? If so come to us for shoes.
We carry Ladles', Misses' and Chil-
dren's shoes all bearing tho union
stamp and sold cheaper than shoes
made without tho stamp.
This store closes at 6 p. m. on week
days and 11 j». m. on Saturday, and
will continue to close at those hours
PROVIDED ALIj OTHER SHOE
STORES W1L.I.. TX> THE SAME.
Sale of LADIES* GOLF SHOES. 9
Inches high, still continues. Price $2,15.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
Directory
-..of....
Reputable
Companies:
CALIFORNIA FORTUNE OIL CO.
SO acres in Sun*et. J-0 acres in McKittrlck
Are now drilling in Pun*ct. Limited amount of
t»tock at DO<?. Information and prospectus fur-
ni«hed on application to K. DENICKB Secre-
tarr, at office of company, C14 Parrott building
£»u rrancifco. :
COLT-'PA CONSOLIDATED OIL and ROT.V.
ISO CO.— Owns 441t acres S mllr« wen of Ar-
huck'.e. Colura County. In tlie heart of th* oil
district. }'araf?r.e l.nre tSL Limited amount of
ftock Bt r.c; SO.Ono pharen foM in }0 dajs. In-
formation and proppcrtu!" furnishfj. Office 26
-.tont^rotnpry ptr«-t. entrance room R. <
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
Land* in heart of Kern Iliver District; *:o
acre*; lOfl.OOfl Fhsres capital Btnck; Umiti-i
amount of tr^sntiry Fto^k for «=ale at T5 cents
¦Write or cnii for information and jiroi=j>ectUR
CHAP. CONKL1.V. Soc. Genl. offlie. €67 Market.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.
LANDS AT IIcKITTHICK.
Rrr.all block of Ftock at l. r ,c; price will be
advanced to 20c March 1. If you want a pround
floor projKipitlon where the company mean bus!-
Pro*jx*-tus and information furnished on ap-
rllcatlon.
El., MKPIA OIL CO.,
Safe Permit Building. .32* Montgomery st.
Para F"ranci*co, Cal.
ESMERALDA
OIL AND DEVEI/.U'MENT CO.-Lands In San
Ber.lto County. Hmall Mock of treasury stock
for »ale. jr. Pronjircniz on application and in-
formation furnished at office <if A K1NGS-
Bl'HY. OSZ Parrott Building, San Franc'.FCO '
Famoso OH & Investment Co
LANDS IN" KERN" IUVER DISTRICT.
Oil atw<olut<?!j- furf; heart of producinc sec-
. tlon. Drillinc; be In oil rands in 15 days '
Email amourt treasury ftorlc, JOc. Write for
prospectus cr call. 833 I'arrctt bids.. S F
FHEEXO ALPHA OIL CO.. selling at $100
LONDOX OIL CO.. eelim* at E0
DET CRUDE OIL CO. wiling at itj
Prospectus and Information at Office.
O. A. LAXE. € an<J 7, 8th Cocr.Mills bldg.. S. F.
WENT CO.
GREAT AMCR1CAIM OIL AND DEVELOP-
Etock 30c. Inter Nor Oil & Development Co
Ftock 25c. Lands In. Monterey and Kern coun-
ties. ProMwctu* and Information at office o*
MOSI-ETTEH & ALLEN. EC5 and 5C6 Tarrott
build inc. F. F. *;.';
No Charge for Extraction.
Chalmers Dental Co.- f 1 S. p ~2,« •
OUR TBETH ON PLATES
Are highly satisfactory^ because correct
and High Grade in every detail.
WE FULLY GUARANTEE ALL WORK.
FULL SETS ON PLATES... ........$5.00
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES $5.00
**•*£* ¦**,". — . , *.»
Pleasing, or otherwise, is generally mad»
in laughing or speakinsr. We can
make' th& display plcasinsr. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ Dependable Drug*
Medicine
Economy
There is no economy -in paying
more for your drugs and medicines
than we charge. You cannot buy
hetter no matter how much you
pay, for the kind we sell is the best
that is made cr produced.
Anita Cream 40c
¦Malvina Cream 35c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
; Pinkham's Compound 75c
Cuticura Soap lie
Perjna 85c
Syrup of Figs 35c
Carter's Lithia Tablets 25c 3
SozoJont 20c
i Piso Cough Cure 20c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Castcria 25c
Kirk's Irish Moss 25c
Free Mlvery to railroad points within
100 Elles on ail criers of J5 or up.
/ J*yV 1128 Marhct Street
San Francisco
lOth and Broadway Oakland ,
l i |||W |M||||| m> \....^ Tr^J
A .DISPLAY OF THE TEETHgTessman at large instead of a , reappor
tlonment of the State into eight districts,
said Mr. "Woods. "This Congressman
should be the dean of the delegation rep
resenting the entire territory of Califor
nia. Of necessity there are antagonistic
interests existing between the Congres
sional districts. The placing of these In
terests in the hands of a Congressman at
large would unionize the work.
"If California wants to maintain influ
ence) in Congress she will have to d» as
other States do. by seeding her Repre
sentatives back from terra to term."
CONGRESSMAN S. D. "WOODS
OF THE SECOND DISTRICT.
WHO IS NOW HERE.
to^w^HE Hon. S. D. "Woods, Represen-
II tative of the Second Congressional
1 District of California, arrived from
Jl - "Washington, D. C, on the over
land train late Monday evening
and is stopping at the Grand.
The main" reason for Congressman
"Woods' return to California Is to endeavor
to make all commercial bodies in the State
send at once hearty Invitations to the
Congressional Committee on Rivers and
Harbors to pay a visit to California at the
close of the present session. Mr. "Woods
is working hard 5 toward this end, and
stated yesterday that the members of the
committee had all signified their consent
to pay a visit to California should they
receive an assu/ance that the. commercial
bodies of the State .were anxious for them
to do so.
"It would be of great benefit to Cali
fornia," said Congressman "Woods yester
day, "lf the committee made a visit, to
this State. The trouble In Congress Is the
want of knowledge of the need and neces
sities of California. . Congress must be
taught that the central point of the em
pire is the Pacific Coast, now that the
Philippines and the Hawaiian Islands are
American territory.
"In presenting arguments for the neces
sity of an appropriation for improvements
of rivers and harbors the committee needs
an object lesson. I talked the matter over
with members of the Rivers and Harbors
Committee. Including the chairman, the
Hon. T. E. Burton, and found they -were
all willing to come to California during
the present eprlng. I want to see the in
vitations extended before the adjournment
of Congress, which takes place March 3."
Sacramento has already sent an invita
tion to the committee; so has San Diego.
The Hon. R. J. Waters from the Sixth
District is now in. Los Angeles and Is tak
ing steps to see that an Invitation Is sent
from that city.
.To-day Congressman "Woods will wait
upon the San Francisco and the Oakland
¦Chambers of Commerce and In detail ex
plain to both bodies the great value It
will be to California to entertain the com
mittee out here.
"It would-be a wise move for Califor
nia to provide for the election of a Con-
CONGRESSMAN WOODS URGES
COMMERCIAL BODIES TO ACT
, To-day I will sell 500 pairs of my, own
make men's shoes, worth from $5 to J7,
for $1 EO; ladies' ties, black or tan, . for
50c; babies' soft shoes 10c. 224 Kearny st.*
Richard Pahl Quits.
Judge Murasky issued a writ of man
date yesterday under the complaint of
John F. Seyden against the Civil Service
Commissioners and '¦ Tax Collector Scott.
In his petition for ; the writ, which Is re
turnable to-day, Seyden asks' that the'de
fendants be compelled to reclasslfy the
places of employment in the Tax Collec
tor's ¦ office and . in ; future , hold examina
tions which shall ¦ be practical In their
character, the petitioned alleging that the
last were not practical or even fair and
Writ Against Commission.
LANSING, Mich.. Feb. 12.-Thd Michi
gan Supreme Court to-day handed down
an opinion affirming' the.' judgment of the
"Wayne County Circuit bench that fran
chises received from a city are taxable.
Franchises Are Taxable.
HELENA. Mont, Feb. 12.— Cattle rust
lers were given an unusually severe sen
tence here to-day. A. J. Kelly and George
Handschut were convicted of stealing
three calves., and were sentenced to four
teen years each .in the penitentiary by
Judge Henry Smith. " '
Given Heavy Sentence.
Judge Coffey made an order yesterday
appointing George \V. Kingsbury,' lessee
of the Lick House, administrator of the
estate of Samuel Stephens, who died re
cently, leaving an estate valued at $10,000.
Mr. Kingsbury was nominated by Eliza
beth Porter, decedent's niece. The Public
Administrator . opposed the appointment
of Kingsbury on the ground that Mrs.
Porter, who came here from Virginia
shortly before her uncle's death, was not
a resident of this State and hence was not
vested with power to nominate an admin
istrator. Mrs. Porter testified, however,
that she Intended living here permanently
and had rented apartments. Judge Cof
fey held this/showing to be sufficient and
Kingsbury was appointed, i Judge Coffey's
decision in this case sustains that of
Judge Troutt- appointing Ella F. Murray
as ¦ administratrix of . the estate of her
mother, the late Elmira S. Townsend.
Names Kingsbury Administrator.
THE HAGUE, Feb. 12.— It is rumored
that -the Queen Mother will go to Bonn
shortly to * undergo a serious operation,
the necessity for which is T the reason
Queen Wilhelmina's . marriage festivities
were not postponed as • they- otherwise
would have been because of the death of
Quee*n Victoria.
Best of Health.
Mother of Wilhelmina Not in the
TO TXNDEBGO OPERATION.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Regular army. '•medical department—Lieuten
ant Colonel Peter J. Clean*, deputy Burgeon
general; to be assistant surgeon general, with
rank of lieutenant colonel. ¦ _¦' •-_ ".¦• ¦-¦
Cavalry— Second Lieutenant Charles T. Boyd,
Fourth, and Henry C. Whitehead. Tenth, to
be first lleutenanta
\-olunteers— To be • assistant -surgeon. with
rank of captain— Justus M. Wheate of Indiana
/acting* assistant- surgeon, U. S. A.); Francis
M McCallum of Kansas (acting assistant sur
mon U. S. A.); Harry A. Llttlefleld of Ore-
Ion (late acting assistant surgeon; U. S. A.);
Frederick W. Cox of South Dakota, (late cap
tain and assistant surgeon First South Dakota
Volunteers); Gerry S. Driver . of the District
of Columbia (acting assistant Burgeon. U. S.
Revenue cutter service— Michael N. Uslna of
Georgia to be second assistant ; engineer.
Been Advanced.
Army and tfavy Officials Who Have
PROMOTED BY PRESIDENT.
Dinsmore-Cone Ceremony Witnessed
by Numbers of Friends Who .
Wish. Them Happiness.
"Walter R- Dinsmore, a young business
man of this city, and Mrs. N. H. Cone
were married yesterday at the Palace
Hotel, where both of the happy couple
reside as guests.
The wedding was solemnized In the par
lors of the bride's suite. Many friends
were present., to witness the ceremony.
Dinsmore has been connected for several
years with the Wetmore-Bowen Wine
Company of this city and is very popular.
The bride is as pretty as she Is talented
and is reputed to be quite wealthy.- The
happy couple left on the owl train for
Los Angeles last evening and will spend
their honeymoon In Southern California.
PALACE HOTEL SCENE
OF PRETTY WEDDING
MINNEAPOLIS. Feb. 12.— The prosecu
tion in the Hamilton murder case rested
tpnlay after introducing the sensational
testimony of Officer Thomas J. Rooney,
who testified that Hamilton said to him
when he was arre3ted: :
"I . will go with you. I am prepared to
take the consequences. IJet the law take
its course. 1 killed him, but I did it in
self-defense: This trouble Is all on ac
count of a girl." . . •
Hamilton listened to the statement with
a perfectly impassive face. Rooney's evi
dence related to the conversation with
Hamilton on the way from the West
Hotel to the police station.
Every effort is being made to have A.
M. Barbee, the, St. Louis traveling man,
brought here to testify. His evidence is
said to be of the highest importance to
the defense. Hamilton, It la said, will
take the stand and give his version of
the fight that ended in Day's death.
After court adjourned there was an im
pulsive movement toward Hamilton— men
vieing with women to shake his hand and
utter the hope that he would be able to
prove his innocence.- ¦ ' ' .
Sensational Confession Made
by Defendant to an
Officer.
MURDER DUE
TO A WOMAN
of That Unmusical Instrument,
the Piano.
Godowsky has come and Godowsky has
conquered! When the pianist camo out
on the platform yesterday afternoon at
Sherman-Clay Hall the audience found it
difficult, indeed, to realize that the small,
modest, eminently unassuming gentleman
quietly bowing his greeting to them was
the distinguished artist in whose praise
whole symphonies have been written by
the foremost critics of the old and the
new worlds. But his identity was
established as soon as he touched the
keys, and $hat. too, in despite of a lame
little finger from which the pianist was
suffering. 9
Godowsky is only to be described in the
superlative. Through him and the few
other elect of the earth like him that most
essentially unmusical Instrument that he
has chosen as his means of expression
justifies its existence. The pfano is trans
lated, sublimated, transformed into a
thing of beauty, a Joy for ever. Any
thing more exquisitely beautiful than
Godowsky's tone it is impossible to con
ceive. The soft depth of it, the round,
golden, velvety richness of it. This is, in
deed, where the peculiar marvel of his
technique comes In. As to the mere me
chanics of his trade, no one we have yet
heard here can approach him. "With, all
the poetry of Paderewski, he has twice
the facility; with the commanding virtu
osity of. Rosenthal. he has all the tech
nique of beauty ¦which the latter lacks.
GODOWSKY CONQUERS
AT FIRST APPEARANCE
Shows Himself a wonderful Master
XETT YORK, Feb. 12.— The Commer
cial Advertiser says to-day: "In acquiring
control of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, the Harriman syndicate also
obtained control of the Morgan Steam
ship Lino and the Pacific Mail Steamship
Line. It did not. however, secure any
control over the Mexican International
Railway nor of any of the property of- the
Pacific Improvement Company.
"The Mexican International Company,
which has about TOO miles of complete
road. i3 the only non-subsidized road in
Mexico. This railroad was built practi
cally' under the supervision of Collis P.
Huntington and it now belongs to the old
Pacific Improvement Company, the stock
of which is owned by the Huntington.
Mark Hopkins, Stanford and Crocker
estates. It is generally regarded as
the Mexican division of the Southern Pa
cific system, but actually the Southern
Pacific agreement has no control over the
Mexican International Company.
"It is likely that when the Pacific Im
provement Company winds up its affairs,
which will be done as soon as practicable,
the railroad and mining properties owned
by this comoany will be sold. Whether
or not the Southern Pacific Company will
acquire the Mexican road remains to bo
' prevails that after awhile the
Central Pacific lines will be taken out of
the Southern Pacific system and made a
nart of the Union Pacific system. The
Central Pacific, which extends from Ok
den to San Francisco, a distance of 1354
miles Is essential to the Union Pacific's
transcontinental system and its separa
tion from the Southern Pacific would
still leave the latter a complete trans
continental system. Although both of
these great systems are now under the
control of the same group of capitalists,
it Is safe to say that each corporation
will retain distinct traffic interests."
Recent Purchase of Southern
Pacific Included Steam-
HARRIMAN OWNS
PACIFIC MAIL
There are also , numberless pillows,
pieces of bric-a-brac and decorated china
that have been donated by the club mem
bers to be distributed for prizes.
Art piece. O'Hara & Livermore: sliver can
dlestick, Shreve & Co.; set of books, Payot.
Upham & Co.: knife. Clabrough, Golcher &
Co.; chafing dish. Goldberg:. Bowen & Co.; per
fumery, Bonton Co.; Jardiniere. Raphael Welll
A Co.; carved oak table, J. K. Roebllng &
Sons; vase. Mr. Lally; lady's or gentleman's
raglan, Pacific Coast Rubber Co.; parlor chair,
Fredericks & Co.; bronze vase. Gump & Co.;
gold lorgnettes in case. California Optical Co. ;
ornament, American Steel Wire Co.; lamp.
Josselyn & Co.: mandolin, Sherman. Clay &
Co.; violin, KoHler, CJiase & Co.; painting,
Charles Dlckman; panel pictures— W. K. Vick
ery. Bchuesler Bros., William Morris, Kennedy
& Co., Sanborn, Vail & Co; clock. Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar: picture, Herman
Cohen; piece of silverware, W. R. Vandersllce;
chocolate set, Hale Bros.; Persian rug, Mlhran
& Co.
A large committee of ladies Is hard at
work perfecting the plans for the im
mense party. It has been decided that
the room is to be divided in two and one
side set apart for the whist players and
the other for the devotees of euchre.
There are to be twelve tables for each
game. The ladles have collected many
unusually handsome and costly prizes and
four will go to each section.
Seventy-flve young ladies will do the
scoring:. George IS. Bates will distribute
the prizes and manage the games and In
this work he will be assisted by Henry
Payot, John Hanify, Philip Blankenshlp
and J. H. Harbor. *
Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. A. D. Sharon,
Mrs. George Law Smith, Mrs. John Russ,
Mrs. Paris Kilburn, Miss Bertha M.
Rickoff, Mrs. Grace Roberts Moore, Miss
Mary G. Gorham, Mrs. Hadwen Swain,
Miss Katherlne M. Ball, Mrs. Arthur W.
Cornwall and Dr. Dorothea Moore, of
ficers of the club, will act as a reception
committee. They will be assisted in
their pleasant duties by the following
ladles: Mrs. John Center, Mrs. Morris
Newton, Mrs. John Schroder, Mrs. D. J.
Murphy, Mrs. Sarah Reamer, Mrs. J. C.
Campbell. Mrs. George E. Bates, Mrs.
Robert White. Mrs. Cleon Kilburn, Mrs.
James Spear. Mrs. E. A. Blodgett, Mrs.
John Hoyt, Mrs. H. T. Lally, Mrs. J. G.
Scoville and Mrs. A. M. Burns.
Among the belles who will look after
the scoring are the Misses Bessie Bates,
Alleen Cotton, Helen Wright, Ruth Man
ning, Josephine Loudby, Laura Denson,
Edith Manning, Jane Barry. Ella Morgan,
Marie Meslck, Muriel Wemple, Laura
Taylor, Florence Bailey, Mabel Toy,
Grace WhitneS", Helen Davis, Reed
Hutchins, Ruth Geaney, Hattle
Currier, Llllie Downey, Aileen Day,
Ruby Sessions, Rachel Hovey, Bes3
Eby, Clarisse Eby, Enid Yale.' Clara
Yale. Ivy Bower, Edith Kelson. Ella
Thall, Clara Sharp, Ethel Mackay, Edith
McCabe and the Misses Van Winkle.
The following is the list of the prizes
and names of the donors:
The California Club has come to occupy
euch a state of strength and importance
in the community and Its membership list
Is so large that the ladles realize the ne
cessity of having a clubhouse of their
own. The whist section of the club has
taken the Initiative In the building: fund
matter and with, the proceeds of the pro
posed whist and euchre party will lay the
foundation of the fund that will make the
California Clubhouse a possibility of the
near future.
The whist section of the California Club
¦will give a big progressive whist and
euchre party In the great banquet hall of
the Palace Hotel on Monday evening, Feb
ruary IS. One thousand tickets for the
affair have been placed on sale at Jl
apiece, and the money realized will go to
start the building fund of tho California
Club.
Proceeds of th« Entertainment Will
I,ay the Foundation of the Cal
ifornia Club Building
Fund.
Club Women to Be Hostesses
at a One Thousand
Hand Gama.
IMMENSE EUCHRE
AND WHIST PARTY
LONDON, Feb. 12.— Professor . John
Fleming:, lecturing at- Liverpool yester
day, said he had Signor Marconi's per
mission to make the first mention of the
fact that on the first day of the reign of
King Edward VII Marconi accomplished
the astonishing 1 feat of sending . wireless
messages between St. Catherines, Isle
of Wight, and the Lizard, 200 miles. Per
fect communication between " the two
points has* since been established.
Announcement That He Sent *i Mes
sage Over Two Hundred
T*\, Miles.
MABCONI IMPBOVES , HIS
•V WIRELESS SERVICE
The American party alighted at San Fer
nando, passed under an arch of welcome
and was greeted by the military and hun
dreds pf children, waving American flags
and- singing "Hall, Columbia." The en
tire American party was then driven to
Bacolor. capital of the province of Pain
panga. where they will be cordially en
tertained to-morrow and until applying
the provincial government to Pampangvu
There will be a public discussion of tho
law enacted.
General Grant received information that
a band of Tarlac insurgents Is approach
ins for the purpose of harassing tee peo-
SAN FERNANDO, Province of Pam
r&r.pa. Island of Luzon. P. I.. Feb. 12.—
The Inhabitants of Bacolor and all the
towr.s adjacent to the railroad, the names
of which ar£ historic on account of tho
fierce battles of the earlier periods of the
American occupation, turned out to wel
come the Philippine Commission as It pro
ceeded northward on Its first trip to or
ganize provincial Eovc-rr.ment. At every
station. Including' the hamlets where the
train did not stop, there were bursts of
music from the native bands and cheer*
for the American Philippine Commission
and the Partido Federale. The crowd at
Maiolos. the former seat of the Insurgent
Government, was smaller in proportion to
the population than at the villages. At all
the stops addresses were delivered by na
tives and responses were made by Judce
Taft, the president of the commission.
Professor Worcester, General Flores,
Chief Justice Arellano and Dr. Tavera,
president of the Federal party. The na
tives repeatedly declared the people were
beginning to understand the purpose of
the Americans, adding that the commis
sion's acts showed their promises would
be kept. Judge Taft told the people ot tho
towns in Bulucan province that a provin
cial government would shortly be estab
lished there.
Cordial Greeting by Natives
to the Philippine Com
mission.
WELCOME ADVENT
OF AMERICANS
SEATTLE. Feb. 12.— Advlce.3 from Ma
nila, dated January 5, say: The Ameri
can ship Sea Witch was set on fire in the
harbor on Thursday night, presumably
by some member of the crew, ten of
whom are now under arrest. Launches
from the cruiser Brooklyn and the trans
ports Rosecrans and Meade towed the
burning vessel into twenty fathoms of
water on the west side of the Paslg's
mouth, where she was pumped full of
water. It is feared she will be a total
loss.
The Sea Witch was built at Boston in
1SS2 and is now owned by Edward Law
rence. She Is of 12S0 tons burden. 197 feet
In length, 37 feet beam and 24 feet depth
of hold. The dissatisfaction among the
crew was caused by five of them being
put in irons for refusing duty.
Ship Sea Witch May Prove to Be a
. • Total Loss.
BURNED BY THE CB.EW.
In a tight at Slbuyan, Batangas, the
rebel general Malbas is reported to have
been killed. Six insurgent officers and
twenty men were captured.
Mariquina Is the scene of an immense
peace meeting of the federal party.
The Women's Peace" League met at
Judge Taft's house to-day. Senorlta
Poble attempted to Introduce a resolution
requesting the release of the Imprisoned
insurgents. Mrs. Taft and other ladles
spoke on a resolution urging the insur
gents to surrender. This was adopted In
stead of Senorita Poble's.
MANILA, Feb. 12.— An Insurgent colo
nel, Simon Techon, seven insurgent offi
cers and seventy men, • with slxiy guns,
have surrendered unconditionally to Cap
tain Cooles-of the Thirty-fifth Regiment
at San Miguel de Mayumo.
Are Now Prisoners.
pie of Bacolor. He has sent scouts after
them.
REBEL OFFICERS SURRENDER.
Colonel Techon and Seven Others
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
5
I am Inclined to believe in the old adage
that "An ounce of prevention Is worth
more than a pound of cure." so when
there has been prevailing sickness in the
community, such as grippe, malaria, fev-
ers, etc., I take the compound, and thus
far have had none of these ailments, al-
though they have been prevalent all
around me. so that I have, great faith in
Paine's Celery Compound as a preventive.
I have recommended the compound to
very many of my friends, and I have the
Eatisfaction of knowing- that it has done
them very much good.
I was cashier of the bank in South
County for twenty-nine years, and for
the last fifteen years was secretary and
treasurer of the new savings bank, in
connection with the national bank.
My position* in the .banks was my last
work. I am S2 years old.
Most sincerely 5'ours.
J. B. POTTER.
last seven years. In 1S63 I had to give up
business on account of very poor health.
I was suffering from a number of old
chronic complaints. Among the rest 1
had complete nervous prostration, from
which I suffered for six years. In June,
1891. I commenced the use of'Paine's Cel-
ery Compound. • After taking a few bot-
tles I fpund that ihe old complaints be-
gan to ease up, which encouraged me to
keep on with the compound. I soon got
over all those troubles that had clung to
me for bo long, and got out and was more
like myself. Since then I have taken a
few bottles In the spring and fall as a
tonic, and sometimes a' few bottles be-
tween as a preventive.
VARICOCELE.
jrfnasv TUT? Ti TC I? AC U— Twisted or knotted, worm-like veins.
lllLj JJloil/ioIl Easily detected by feeling. Examine
Mf yourself carefully.
hL 0esm ttM TTC P A TTCT7-— Youthful dissipation, blows, falls, strains,
KJtSgjr fact 1 1 O LA U OIL excessive horseback or bicycle riding, etc
\» xrftfekl TTC T7CUTTPT— A. dull, heavy, dragging pain In small of
eK&^^Ta»ta llO Lri LL I back, extending down through Ioln3. Xovr
t&jf&i &£?8L. spirits, weakness of body and brain, nervous debility, par-
.d^Ztffcs^SgWK tial or complete loss of power, and often failure of general
DOCTOR SWEANY, TTC rTTDT?— lf y° u are a sufferer from varicocele. corae
"" , "' , " f « M ,,fcli Ho LUnt tomy office and let me explain to you my
™V.t .^«^ul and process- of curing it. You will then not wonder whx I have
«?uble sDMiallst in cured to stay cured more than &0O cases of varicocele dur-
' Diseases of men ! Ing the past twelve months. Under my treatment the pa-
" " • tlent Improves from the very beginning. A healthy clrcu-
' • lation of blood Is established.- Blood is life, and all soreness
. and swelling quickly subside; all other indications of the
disease and weakness vanish,- completely and forever, and In their stead com© tha
pride, the power and the pleasures of perfect health and restored vigor.
I also cure to stay cured STRICTURE. CONTAGIOTTS BLOOD POISON. NER-
VOUS DEBILITY. RUPTURE. KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES and all re-
1 flex complications and associate diseases and weaknesses of men. To these mala-
dies alone I have earnestly devoted 23 of the best years of my life. Physicians hav-
ing stubborn cases to tfeat are cordially invited to consult with me. I make no
charge for private counsel, and give to each patient a legal contract, backed by
abundant capital, to hold for my promise. Is it not wqrth your while to Jnvestlgata
a cure that has made life anew to multitudes?
References/best banks and leading business men of this city.
If you cannot call at my office, write m© your symptoms fully. My home treat-
ment by correspondence Is always successful. Address all letters to
P I -'SWFA-NV M h 737 MARKET STREET,
IV L. JWE/\1>I, iVl* L/ m 6aa Franet«co, Cat.
An improved appetite, sound digestion,
uninterrupted sleep and an energetic ner-
vous . condition invariably follow the use
of Paine's Celery Compound.
The heavy, alarming pain In the bach,
and loins disappears; the growing pale-
ness, nervousness and loss of flesh ts
stopped, and a bright, buoyant feeling
gradually takes the place of that unend-
ing sense of tire and nervous depression.
Its remarkable power over disease lies
in Its active replacing: of worn-out parts
by new, healthy ones, and Its healing and
purifying action among the most minute
tissues of the body.
Kothlng In the past has ever ap-
proached It In power of building up
weakened nerve tissues and giving
strength to the tired body. In severe
Cases of persistent headaches, dyspepsia,
neuralgia and sleeplessness, due to nerv-
ous feebleness. Paine's Celery Compound
has a record of rapid and lasting: cures
that embraces every city and town In
the wide sweep of the United States.
For recruiting the strength and spent
energies of men and women advanced In
years there can bo no substitute for
Paine's Celery Compound. It is th« one
preparation considered worthy the name
of a true nerve food and blood remedy by
physicians throughout the country. It la
prescribed by them in every State in the
Union to tone up the system, regrulate the
nerves and restore health and strength.
£ Bernhardt Panel VflUE EBflflMfelfeBB IAJI 1O Go ° a Smokes '%
J Photos $2.50 dor. 9 B3[ ffffllryi€B|Ji| u.a c J!f/s,^, «. |
K The very latest thing in photo- ' Bi P*^. m - ¦ <n.^vi «* «• * ttl we offcr e;:htr Cu - an Beauties, T^
tt graphic art; regular price $5.00 a tPOMleBIIClile VAZaAT* Camvn or Royer Bay # _ X
tf down. Com$ in and see them. CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA-S ORANDEST STORE. Cub Cpn—tOfOP IOC J
Jk[ ' ¦ » : . : - • ¦ <S
I Silk Remnants One-Quarter Valentines, i
& - f%M£ <?a»fj^««fili#l A*%*±jn.mMi4m»m**.mm4 ¦ The newest and prettiest styles of- lace V
I un—spienuia Assortment and ¦ vaLnne. di found 5
Sf tnn SsIg 7Vi— ff^ss i# on r^ e ' ar 2 = ta^* 5 * a ma^ al3 * e on J*
E Another very large assortment of choice Silk Rem- Lace valentines, each ic 2c, 3c 4e. 5c 5
S nants has accumulated and will be. disposed of to-day §
*£ at onr-quarter off the already reduced remnant prices. In the lot are pieces of jj
*£ this season's fancy taffetas and psau de soies, plain taffetas and corded silks, printed . Half PriCC for *
J£ Indias and foulards, plain black taffetas, gros grain, satin duchessc and peau de ' "*" »_ # - MB f IRJL'7'%.
* sole and a few remnants of evening silks. A great many waist lengths among ROSterS DrOS. l&*r£ £
$ them; also lengths suitable for linings and rufflings. TafolO SpOOttSm {j
| hoes One-Third Off Towel Specials. s5S= %v „._ 5*
S Regular Prices. n«k Towei*. fuiij bached, jammed ends, r E=2^£55aii*i§§5?S {5
. . , . r T ,, . , w- • c».« . size 20x43 inches, value $1.2; a dozen, 40 V>«»>W? 2X^ ""H^jrigay «J»
jf Hundreds of pa-rs of Ladhs* and Misses Shoes , J, ¦ '., • ,* ,-_j«_ Ti**^ # " 5
5 reduced for quick clearance to make room for £*J n "^ f n s^ zM iale JQq A imall lot of genuine "1847" Rog=n Bros.' $
i> new Spring and Summer stock now en route. r _ . 'n''''C'-T^.\L\\LyUuC~^J— -" -" Ttb'e and Dessert Spoons on special ta!e V
$ S co ti nSe. until cWn S .me S*^!*. **f «? «*~ °f £ f 3
Jf if quantity lastt. The lints of siks are comp.ete. * » ¦ JL^l,. ' „ _.-!,, r . exactly ha'.f regular pr.ee. £
I J-Ji Udits' Vici Kid Shoes-Lac-. 2?5^.?^ i^rf' *" GO Table Spoons, «t of 6. $1.53 *
J «££??{] „ button, cfth or kid tops", pat- "^ to-diy only, per yard • «*«? §J^ rf g; St.3t 5
%P \ v\\ #»nf l^athrr or Irid fiM. medium ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦— ¦ JJ
• 1 U\i learner or Kia u^"j **«.******** m m *^
U \\ flexible tola, narrow tnd medium 35 C HandlWrChieiS FliiC LaittpS £
I L m 0in "7^:-^" IBc. . One-Quarter Off. 3
AT |NU^ ; , # gt% <Q Jf *% Only 30 dozen of these all linen hemstitched Until closing time Saturday night, choice of *H j*
*>I Y?--Xf.^\& ... %P M B^r^F Handkerchicf3 lor ladies. They are dainty our fine cintsr draft ub!: ani banquet Lamps, -J|
j» s^-^^ >w Lad Us' Handkerchiefs, perfect in erery respect, and brass, enameled metal and porcelain painted, J5
2? Vcl Kid «!*"/>/ rCtal1 re S ular '-y a * 35= ea:h, _. thst s:ll regularly fr;m $6.00 ta $13.00
I Shotj-LaK or button, kid or alk £gj Wednesday only. ISO ..th, at ontqaartef off Iht rijnlar prlca. j
JSi^" 1 :*:'"'":^ Taitot* Dresses *e* *
f. coin toes, our regular low- t+PtfiJ ' ELM BJl W%i^. m fyxg^ \
fc » price J2.50 per pair, ta'.e S?^Cs MBG&BM i^f*#O€r 's
pnee. gf^ YQ jm\s Four Days Only Until J&^ ¦ 1
i Saturday Night. /STa S
i fSS Lacfor^nUSenin^ In order to reduce our stock. of fl , 5
SF ) patent leather tip, spring hee's, Dresses quickly, prices are half for ilfL^H $
»? / >A5^ . new co:n toes, uzes c j* in.i^ • *vlr " i %
I NJr^v 1 1^ to 2 , four days only; all this seasons U u 5
K \^T\ sa'.e price — per pair style?. 25 '{
*\ -j^fe ••••• f9j?£J <i 5 Taicr Dresses.. 5 7-50 fp Tai'or Dressu S20 A jl -J
V •••'•• JzZ^f J" Tailor Dresses $W $6o Taior DresieJ $3O / A j\ %
llPloiS^ Ml Other Specials in this DepaHm3nt // \ $
K tops, medium weight Jff \ jio.oo, $15.00 indfio.co new iilk-lined Jaekett...^5.00 A^O/ / \ 5
6 ,o!es, patent leader J&? [ $5-OO Rainy-Day Skirts £2.50 \_\ $
I 1 l§g *£-y^ , .WOO |
|: ::.::: ::::::::::::::::: 93c colored shirts Wednesday $
| Spachtel Scarfs 63c " M , Specials, \
5: 23 Cs JSJMi r^^^^i *®: Groceries, Liquors. •;
5" We have B.-cured about 250 Spachtfl Bureau g/^S+'y' borom Buiter. an extra good quality of Firkin Butter, ?S
K Scarfs, in a number o.' pretty designs, at UvS^\lM >i**^Jji^ sh " rts w ' th sold by the pounl, on special nle . -^
j; about fca'f^ their rral worth. Thes: scarfs XYuA^mW*: r&L&itf cuffi to " to-day (Wednesday) on'y, pound 22m AC "5
»,! are iSx 5+ inches, and were made to tell at W*VK\W f- ¦ r 7^ t J match, in Starch, loos; laundr/, 5 pounds 25c "^
fc>: 40c each; to-day, while quantity *y^ <///#'Ia\/ *> V * / the newest Catsup, mad: by National Fur: Food Company,
£ . lasts, special sae price *JC *y*MIW[p%~z/* * *J ipring ijyle none bett:r, rrgu'arly 25c bott c, to-dav. /C>' O •?
j^> c5SJ? 1 e C f! L *«• v7' tjr 63c; Salmon, pink Alaska, tin &q *„
j,* Q v^-^ w> ¦ \W/ C " '" / « > J J ust 11^ Corn, best Maine, rejular'y a tins 25c, to-day, V
9f R *-O5iiXi. tOWei \[ * f J of it! A tin 0 O )C
; I ft\ xL^E*^^ 6 tSPsstfir 9fi<i Of */* * 5v sample lin: Sujar Pea«, Go'den Rule, new pack, ba.lOo 5
'!»* \VyAx' n -*"*'** fiomoneof Raisins, loos: Muscatel, 3 poundj 25O %
\k \^m/\^/ This ¦ hardwood Rack, >ty the leading Whiskey, Wi!son Rye, bctt'xd at the dicTery, 'X
'¦ j *>* ptliif!'! finished in cak cr chtrry; manufacturers, repreientins a'l of the differ- rjgularlv I1.25 per bott e, to-day QQo •**
J» pHiiM r^ rec movable arnr.s, finished with ent qualities tint they make. The cheapest Holland Gin. the genu'ne imported, regularly 5
: ** ¦¦H'-I'l I bra3* screws and fancy brass knobs; »h rt in th: lot wcrta $ 1. 00, many of them . $3.00 a gallon, to-day $2.25 Jf
• * \\'\ K^'"y 35 C — to-day the $1.50 grade; all to-diy (Wcinesday) at Malt Extract, L : ebig's tc.t, excellent as a tonic *
t 1? KiVii- cn 'y . the jptdal sale price, each *3"O and for building up the svstem, regular'y •*
1 *» &fUii<2 O tfC 5 2 -4° * dozen, ta-dav *§ii.75 je
; *: ' • ~ *
THE EMPOBimi.
TH H J2MPOIOT7M.
PADTE'S CEIEEY COMPOUND.
Aged Bank Official Writes a Long, Grateful Letter to
Proprietors of Paine's Celery Compound,
TREASURER POTTER VIGOROUS AT 82.
Gentlemen: I. have the utmost faith In
Paine's Celery Compound, because of the
treat good that it has done me and many
others of my acquaintance that has come
under ray personal knowledge within the
That this remarkable immunity from
•weakness and disease, at such a time in
l:f>. has not happened by chance, no one
ksen better than the aged treasurer
hiir.se'.f. In June, 1S31, when suffering from
a number of eld chronic complaints, Mr.
Potter was induced by relatives to use
Paine's Celery Compound for the first
time. The effect was immediately bene-
ficial. The uninterrupted good health that
he has since enjoyed dates from that
time. Mr. Potter's grateful letter to the
proprietors of Paine's Celery Compound
Is based on long personal experience and
a!so a full knowledge of what it has done
for very many of his friends to whom he
has in turn recommended the great rem-
edy that made him well. Mr. Potter's let-
ter Is given In its entirety:
Centerville, R» X.
WeQx, Richardson & Co.,
Ar.d forty-five years— a life Epan for
most people— of hard work and responsi-
bility as a back cashier and treasurer to
3ook back upon.
For the past ten years Mr. Potter has
never known a day of serious sickness.
Previous to that tlrae he suffered from
nervous prostration that clung to him
for fix years.
Eighty-two years old, free from aches,
pains and feebleness! The last ten years
of his life the healthiest he has knowri.
THE W M POTtl IJ M_(Eire • -T^aasligie CteU
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 13. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor *
Ittrut 111 CcscEcieiuens to W. E. (EASE, Hmtgtr.
MAXAfinn'S OFFICE Trlpplione PreMSJVJ
rrBLICATlOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Vrrm»-'Ji01.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.-
Trlppbone Vrm* SOS.
Deilrered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelt.
Mnslf Coplen, 5 Cent*.
Termi by .Mnll. InrluillnR PoitaKei
PAJI/T CALL. (Including Sunday), one rear 18.00
PAII.T CALL (IadsOtnc Sunday). 6 months J.00
DAILY CALL (SncIudlrR Sundar), 3 months 1.60
I>ATLY CALL-By Single Month C5<J
61'JCIJAY CAX.L. One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All poatninKtcm nre antliorlzed to receive
• ubscrlptlona.
E&ispl* copies will- b- forwarded when requested.
Mall Butoerlhcrs In ordering char.pe of addresi Bhould 1« '
particular to giv» both KfSW AXD OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prorr.pt ani correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE: 11 IS Broadirnr
C. GCOIIGC KHOGVESS. .
XlStgtr foreign A£rtrtitiag. KtrqnetU Building. Chlctja,
<Locg; Distance Telephone •'Central £619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAItLTOX Hcmld Square
XEW T6RK nEPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN* D. SMITH. . . .' ;io Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦WTaidarf-Astcria Hotel; A. Brentano, ZL Union Gsuare;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EhemsAJi House: P. O. Kewi Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
LONDON PUNCH. IN ITS LATEST ISSUE TO REACH THIS PART OP
.THE WORLD,* SEEMS TO THINK THE OLD MAN IS THERE WITH A
CHIP ON HIS SHOULDER.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
cisco— E. H. Adams is at the Everett. H.
Dcrnham and wife are at the Savoy, J.
6. Dodge is at the' Victoria, B. Hlckmott
Is at the Grand Union, J. B. Murphy Is at
the Cadillac, D. M. Moses is at the Crite
rion.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.-From San Fran-
CAIilFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
¦ J. P. Treanor. a resident of Frultvale,
and J. G. Scott, connected with the paper
mill at Agnews, are at the California.
H. H. Knapp, a banker of Napa., accom
panied by hi3 wife, Is registered at the
PaJace-
"W. F. O'Leary, a prominent merchant
of Healdsburg, Is In the city on business.
Drury Melone of Napa arrived In the
city yesterday. He is at the Occidental.
James McCudden, a naval contractor of
Vallejo, Is registered at tho California.
Dr. Merrit Hitt of Los Angeles Is at the
Grand.
. W. J. B. Lee. an oil man of Bakersfleld,
is at the Palace. ¦'•:".'•<,
C. T. Stevenson, a capitalist of Oroville.
is at the California.
Frank P. Hazen and wife of Healdsburg
are at the California.
R. E. Hyde, a banker of Vlsalla, is reg
istered at the Palace.
, T. B. Bond, a prominent attorney of
Lakeport, is at the Grand.
J. "W. DInsmore, a young merchant of
San Jose, is at the Occidental.
James P. Peck, an attorney from Mer
ced, Is registered at the Lick.
R. G. Morrison, an oil operator of Ba
kersfleld, Is at the California.
W. D. Mincker, a mining' man of Su
sanville, Is a guest at the Grand.
II. H. Pratt of Fresno and Fred Foster
of Hanford are guests at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
AT ¦ HOTEL : DEL CORONADO the season is
now on at full Hide." .American add Eurou«m
plans. Best of everything, ; including the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montg-jm
ery st.. city.' for special ticket. " *•
"^— ** L -*— *"— **¦*— " 3 — m
It would be interesting and no doubt profitable to
the public to know by what train of reasoning a Chi
nese gambler and briber arrived at the conclusion that'
the safest course for.him to pursue was to attempt to
bribe.an ageritof Mayor* Phelah; ' *
A Chicago young man, in misapplied enthusiasm,
is trying to persuade the public that he is Charley
Ross. This seems to be rather a unique way to induce
one's friends to believe that he is a dead one..
The Federal authorities, it is said, have suppressed
four. American newspapers in Luzon. It is not be
yond the range of probability that the Filipinos con
sidered this to be a withdrawal of the invading force.
. That boy nature doesn't change much
from one. generation to another is shown
by Andrew Carnegie's story of how. he
first: became acquainted with the plays
of Shakespeare, : .*; When' I was carrying
messages as a boy in Pittsburgh he says
"it'was the rule when one had a telegram
for the manager he might go into the the
ater with it-if he arrived after the ! per
formance had begun. It was really sur
prising .how few dispatches that manager
got before the beginning, of the perform,
antes -and how many came to him iu«t
after the performance hnd- begun ¦- Some
tinu^ we -delayed them two hours'or more
to gain that privilege."— Boston Globe™
Carnegie as 'a Boy.
Ttie mantle represented is of nickel gray
cloth. The bolero is stitched, and has
alternate shawl lapels of gray and cream
colored panne. The mantle is made in
broad pleats over a dress of broadtail.
AUTOMOBILE MANTLE.
- Mr. Gotham— What has become of the
De Styles?
, Mrs. Gotham— I met Mrs. de Style on
the street yesterday. She said Mr de
Style's health had been so much improved
by the ocean air that they had concluded
to remain in their seaside cottage all win-
Mr. Gotham— Hum. Just as I thought
York C We S ekly? n that > hcat Ourry.-Xw
Bill— Tour wife used to have black hair
didn't i In " i \\\ lUih V TW,ifrUifl||fnU|Mi
Jill— Oh. yes: haven't you heard that
story about her hair?
"Oh, U It a chestnut now?"— Tonkers
Statesman.
"Have you ever heard PaderewaklT" In
quired the patron.
"No," replied the musical barber: "you
don't suppose I'd patronize a man who
wears his hair that way, do you?" — Cath
olic Standard. -vain
Blobbs— How does old Gotrox get along
with Lord Sllmpurse since his Lordship
married the old man's daughter? ,
Slobbs— Very well, indeed. You know
the Lord loveth a cheerful giver.—Phila
delphia Record.
, ? ln ! l .!l 1 £r I see tnat a lobster, which had
lain 100.000 years has been dug up at Eas
ton, Md.
SImpklns— I told you long ago that you
shouldn t give up hope.— Indianapolis
News. •
Cassldy— Phwat am 01?
Dugan-Yez are a funeral director.
Hang out yer sign.— Philadelphia Record.
Cas3ldy— Tho driver av the furst hack
asked me .the way to the clmltary. 01
towld him.
Duean— Thin yez are a hodcarrler no
more.
Mr. Porkham— Gee whiz! Now you'll be
able to quit palntin" and go Into some kind
of business, won't you? — Puck.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Artist (proudly)— I received $3000 for
that picture!
DURING the recent campaign nothing bothered
Colonel Bryan more than questions about the
disfranchisement of negroes in North Caro
lina. He faced every way in answering to avoid a col
lision with his^ Southern supporters. The constitution
I of that State was changed so as to disfranchise all
illiterates who are not descended from men qualified ro
vote in 1865. This leaves the ballot with ignorant
whites but takes it* from ignorant negroes. After it
was adopted the disfranchises, of North Carolina
found themselves in a peculiar position. The amend
ment was sure to be carried to the courts and as sure
to reach the Supreme Court of the State. That bodv
consisted of three Republicans (Faircloth, Furches
and Douglass), and a Democrat (Clark) and a Popu
list (Montgomery). As the Republicans have the ma
jority of the bench they must be driven off it be
fore the disfranchising amendment can reach them, as
they .would surely decide that it deprives the negro of
the ballot on account of the servitude of his ances
tors, which is forbidden by the Federal constitution.
Therefore these Republican Judges must be expelled*
¦ from the bench by impeachment. But there must be
! some excuse for such a proceeding; a case must be
made against them that will enable the partisan Legis
lature to keep a straight face and pretend that it is
acting in the public interest. The pretext for im
peachment is of interest in itself and for the use pro
posed to be made of it. Four years ago the fusionists
I in North Carolina elected Theophilus White State
j Fish Commissioner. Two years ago the Democrats
dropped fusion and carriecTthe State single-handed.
Then they wanted all the offices and proceeded to
; oust White in the middle of his term. But the case
was taken to the Supreme Court, which decided thar
he could not be deprived of his office until the expira
tion of his term. The Democrats, determined that if
one of them could not draw the salary no. one should,
thereupon passed a law forbidding the payment .of
White's salary. The matter again went to the Su
preme Court and the three Republican Judges issued
a mandamus ordering the Auditor to issue a warrant
for White's salary and the Treasurer to pay it out of
the shellfish fund. For this judicial act they are to
be impeached. The case against them is very appro-
FOL1TICAL IMPEACHMENT.
¦ The public, would of course be gratified, to have
taxes reduced in any way the reductions were made,
but the present outlook does not promise that full
satisfaction expected when the bill was first taken
under consideration. The Senate appears to be re
solved that the revised bill shall contain no provision
requiring express and telegraph companies to. pay
their share of the tax without shifting it upon the peo
ple, and the House can hardly force it to surrender the
point. The 4th of March is near at hand, and the
Representatives are more eager than the Senators to
pass the bill. Consequently the Senators have the ad
vantage, and they will doubtless make full use of it!
It is therefore almost certain that the bill' to be
agreed upon will be rr.uch more like the Senate" meas
ure than that framed by the House, and with that the
public must be content at present.
The objectors having been voted do^n, the bill is
not to be suspended — at least it is not suspended at
that point. It happens, however, that the life of this
Congress is now very short. There will be required
prompt work on the part of the conference to get. the
.houses into agreement in time for the passage of the
measure before the end comes, and it may yet be held
up in committee.
Such a decisive majority in favor of a conference
may be taken as a proof that the House is desirous
"of passing the bill at this session and is not unwilling
to agree upon a compromise. Richardson "of Ten
nessee expressed what is probably the opinion of a 1
majority of both parties when in opposing the consti
tutional objection he said: "The people ask relief from
the burden of excessive taxation, and Congress has
undertaken to provid: it. Now just as the relief is
about to be realized a fine drawn constitutional par
liamentary issue is raised. If the objection prevails
the friends of high taxation would rejoice, for by a
technicality they would have suspended the reduction
bill in' midair between the two houses."
AS was expected, the House has refused to. agree
to the alterations made by the Senate in the
war revenue bill and has asked for a confer
ence. There was, in fact, on the part of some of the
members a desire to reject the Senate bill summarily
as an unconstitutional measure. The^House has the
sole right of originating revenue measures. It framed
the bill providing for a reduction of the war taxes.
The Senate eliminated almost every line of the
original measure except the title and tly enacting
clause, and framed what is virtually a new bill.' Con
sequently the House had some show of right to reject
it on the score of a violation of the constitution. For
tunately, however, only a small fraction of the mem
bers present were in favor of fighting it on that
ground, and after a sharp debate a motion asking the
Senate for a conference was carried by a vote of 233
to 38.
WAR REVENUE REDUCTIONS.
The Call is not a chsmpion of the Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police or any other person whose
reputation is at stake in the im-estigation. It is, how
ever, the champion of fair dealing and justice. The
committee has r.o legal r.or moral right to permit
any man's reputation to be sworn away an hearsay evi
dence or the statements of unknown persons. If the
names of the Chinese informants cannot be made pub
lic without exposing them to peril of death, the
names should be given at least to the Police Commis
sioners, so that the accused may know how to re
fute it if it be refutable. V '- <
It is well known that after service in Chinatown
Sergeant Price of the police foree was broken upon
testimony given in secret by men with whom he was
not confronted and whose names he never knew, and
evidence was given yesterday that a big sum of money
was raised in Chinatown to have him removed because
he suppressed highbinders. That evidence should be
a warning to the committee. Already there are evi
dences cropping out that there is something of per
secution back of the investigation. The committee is
not suspected of being a party to the persecution, but
it must be careful to give the accused all the rights
to which strict justice entitles them. It should per
mit no man's reputation to be assailed by a hidden
witness.
The Chinese are not devoid of cunning. The mo
ment a police officer offends them by a strict perform
ance of his duty, or in any other way, they are prompt
to set about circulating stories to his discredit. That
fact is so well known that many of the most faithful
officers of the force avoid as far as possible doing duty
in Chinatown. It is easy for a yellow rascal to start
a lie, and the public mind prone to suspect evil is often
onlj- too ready to lend a credulous ear.
It is very well known in California that Chinese
testimony is not absolutely reliable under the best
of circumstances. It .is not always easy to get the
exact -truth from a Chinaman even when he is sub
jected to cross-examination in open court. What
reliance, then, can be placed upon charges made by
them in dark corners end under the seal of confidence?
The argument that the publication of the names of
the informants would place them in peril of their lives
is strong, but is not sufficient to excuse the publica
tion of their testimony without their names. If such
practices were admitted as a rule no man's reputation
would be safe against the slander of some cowardly
liar who would tell a story in confidence to an accus
ing official and then plead- that he be not confronted
with the accused Jest lie be placed in peril.
It can hardly be necessary to point out 'to the com
mittee that such testimonj- as that is valueless, and the
admission of it is opposed to all American precedent
and to all principles cf justice. An accused person
has a right to know the names o'f his accusers and to
be confronted by them. That right is thoroughly un
derstood by the public, and if it be not accorded to
all accused persons in this investigation public sym-
I>atli3' will rightly be on the side of the accused, and
the committee itself will be censured and condemned.
Such being the case it will be well for the commit
tee to beware of making any false step or mistake in
conducting the examination. There is danger that
such a step has been n:ade. The committee has per
mitted certain witnesses to testify that they were told
by Chinamen that bribes had been offered to the po
lice and at the same time have permitted the wit
nesses to withhold the names of the Chinamen who
pave the information.
RIGHTS OF THE ACCUSED.
WITH general satisfaction the people of San
Francisco welcomed the arrival of the Legisla
tive committee appointed to investigate ths
charges made against the police authorities of the city
in connection with their dealings with gambling and
other vices in Chinatown. The satisfaction was due
to the belief that the examination would be impartial,
thorough and fair. Anything therefore that suggests
I-'trsecution, or gives ground for a suspicion that the
desire of the committee is not so much to reveal the
whole truth as to make a case against the police, will
difgust the public and weaken the effect of any report
the committee mav make.
ment does not undertake to prescribe for
fiersons who are suffering: from indiges
lon or other diseases. Persons sometimes
are under the impression that they are
suffering from some particular ailment
and are ready to take any "cure" that is
suggested. The proper thing to do Is to
consult a reputable physician.
CHILBLAINS— Martha, City. Those
who are troubled with chilblains are re
quired to carefully protect hands and feet
against cold and are required to wash
hands and feet thoroughly and frequent
ly: they are not allowed to go near fire
when they are cold. They are treated by
the application of various stimulating ap
plications, such as citrine ointment, tinct
ure of iodine and solution of nltrata of
silver. These, however, should aot be ap
plied except under the advice and direc
tion of a reputable physician. .Sometimes
a surgical operation has to be resorted to.
INDIGESTION-.E., City.- This depart-
the Oceanic of the White Star line. She
measures 704 feet lonp. .63 feet breadth
and 41 feet depth. Her net tonnage Is
6036. and gross" 17.274. Her Indicated horse
power is 27.000 and her registered horse
power is 3014. v.'
REGULARS AND VOL.UNTJSKBS— R.
L. H., Fort McDowell. California, Regu
lars who enlisted between June 2 and
June 30, 1S99, in the United States army
will not be entitled to discharge from the
service on the 1st of next July. That ap
plies only to volunteers.
HAIGHT STREET BALL GROUND—
L. P. S.. City. The boundaries of what
was known as,the iiaieht street baseball
grounds were Cole street on the east,
Frederick on the south, Stanyan on the
west and Waller on the north. The
grounds included Shrader street, which
thtfn temporarily closed.
STAMP LANGUAGE-L. S. F., Goshen.
Cal.. and R. R. A., City. The language of
stamps, so called, is any combination that
may be agreed upon by two or more per
sons who may wish to correspond. They
can agree that the placing o.f stamps In
certain positions on envelopes may con
vey certain Ideas, understood by the
sender and the receiver.
THE LARGEST VESSEL— J. H. 0.,
O'Neals, Cal. The largest vessel afloat Is
mento. Cal. Those who desire tickets for
the bal masque to be given in the Hop
kins Art Institute should communicate
with the committee of arrangements. .
Sarah Bernhardt will not appear in Cleo
patra this season in San Francisco.
THE.BAL MASQUE-B. B.. Sacra-
ROYAL NAVY— J. H. 6.. OXeals. Ma
dera County. Cal. The British royal navy
has In all 526 vessels afloat and 47 build-
Ing. :_)¦:. a '
A* GAME OF CAHDS-H., City. The
game of "high five" described in letter of
Inquiry is not sufficiently set forth In
order to determine the status of each
player, therefore an answer cannot be
furnished. ; .."
NOT A CLOSE READER-G. H. I.,
City. Had you watched this department
closely, as you write you did. you would
have seen the answers to your question
February 9, under the title "San Bruno
Range— G. II. I., City."'
HUNTING OX SUNDAY— Correspond,
erit, Soulsbyvllle, Cal. This department ta
not in possession of any data to assert
"for a positive f«act that Theodore Roose
velt, Vice President-elect, hunted on Bun
days during his recent hunting trip."
RHUBARBS— Several Correspondents.
For information other than that which
appeared in The Call In regard to the
Australian crimson winter rhubarb com
municate with the agricultural experi
ment station at the University of Cali
fornia, Berkeley. : - ,' "
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
For the people of California the chance afforded at
Buffalo to find a profitable market for their goods is
an excellent one.. The task of providing an exhibi
tion of the industries of the State is in good hands,
and with a fair amount of co-operation on the part of
producers, manufacturers and merchants the exhibi
tion ought to attract to California not only a consid
erable number of home-seekers and capitalists seeking
investment, but also a much greater share of South
American trade than we have yet obtained..
Many reasons have been offered in explanation of
the rapid increase of German trade with South Amer
ica and the comparative stagnation oftmr own. It is
said the Germans have better Consuls, have more
thorough banking relations with those countries, and
have the further advantage of a merchant marine sup
ported.by the Government. Each of those reasons
undoubtedly counts for something, in the problem;
but all of them combined would not account for the
whole of it. It is indisputable that we have never
made a really resolute effort to get the Central and
South American trade. If now the Buffalo Exposi
tion leads to more comprehensive attempts in that
direction it can hardly fail to bring to the Unit:d
States much of the business that is now given to our
European competitors.
If that view be the correct one the Buffalo Exhi
bition may prove more beneficial than if its purposes
were the same as that of the great expositions at
Philadelphia and at Chicago. There is something
radically wrong in our trade relations with the coun
tries to the south of us. The great bulk of their im
ports are drawn from Europe, notwithstanding the
fact that the United States is much better -fitted to
supply their needs economically than is any country
of the 01c* World. Accordingly it is time for an ear
nest effort to be made to obtain our rightful share of
the trade.
Thus the Philadelphia .Public Ledger recently said:
"The Centennial Exhibition was less a Dazaar than a
great museum of the products of human activity. Sorau
exhibitors entered it in order to advertise and extend
their business, but there were many others who dis
regarded commercial interests and exhibited for the
honor of the nation. The Buffalo Exhibition will be
more in the nature of a bazaar, a commercial enter
prise for the promotion of trade! No one will be ex
pected to send exhibits to if unless he sees in it a
promise of some return for his investment, and it is
because the Pan- American Exhibition offers some
what exceptional opportunities to bring the products
of our mills and factories before the people of the
most populous States in the Union that Philadelphia
manufacturers ought to consider its value as an ad
vertising medium."
| — I ROM the tone of discussions in the East con-
I cerning the Buffalo Exposition it appears the
enterprise is" regarded in that section not so much
as a means of making a grand spectacular display of
the products of American. industry for the entertain
ment and enlightenment of the public as a commer
cial venture designed to promote immediate trade
among the countries of < this hemisphere/
THE BUFFALO EXPOSITION.
Dispute Over Definitions.
Dewet and the British authorities •»
having another dispute over- defl"i«-in«
What the Briti»h call Peare envo-- Dp
wet calls spies.— Detroit Free Press.
Encouraging Large Families.
The able statesmen of Wisconsin whr>
are forwarding measures to Hfm , r ''' 1 *" (>
rearing of large families should «r?r £®
vise means and opportunities for /k
port of such families according ?« l Up "
vailing standards by those who VVr ,>, pre "
Obviously the proposed State ~bourMo. era i
$10 a year to the mother of 3 V? P* ?? of
and J35 to those who bring forth tH? n
or more children will not go a *".,. 9
in disposing of the problem of saL??'
Springfield Republican! a^PPort.-
Temptation to Extravagance.
A treasury deficit Is to be far less Or***
ed by reasonable men than I3 an 'Ut>
mous treasury surplus. In a dAr^*
Is, at least, some defense againn extra*
agant expenditure. In the enormm« V r ~
¦cumulation of treasury surplus u f h ""
chief temptation to an expenditure ¦wMck
threatens in" this session of Congress V-i
reach $750,000,000. The treasury surplus is
both an incentive t» extravagance and an
obstacle to reduction of taxation — Phiia
delphla Record.
Selfishness or Devotion P
In Scott County, Kansas, ther* fs a
school district :n which there is onlv on*
family and three pupils. The teacher n
the mother of the scholars, and receiver
a salary for teaching them, In addition to
rent for the schoolhouse, which is her own
residence. A move is on foot to abolish
the, district. It ought not to succeed. Tho
wife and mother who would consent to
thus Isolate herself should receive soma
compensation, besides the children are en
titled to education.— St. Louis Star.
"Culture" In Foreign Husbands.
It did not need the Countess Frenfa
nelli-Cebo to tell us that American girls
choose foreign husbands because of the
superior culture and refinement of the Eu
ropean nobility. We have had several dis
tinguished examples of the Countess 1 the
ory, among whora It is only necessary to
mention Monsieur le Comte de Castellane
Prince Hatzfeldt and Prince What-d'ye
call-'em, the titled dago who married John
W. Mackay's daughter and beat her until
Mackay rescued her and brought, h*»r
home. The culture of these gentlemen 13
undeniable, only it is of the kind that in
this country gets a man thrashed two or
three times a week and finishes by landing
him In Jail. — Chicago Chronicle.
The Negro North and South.
Robert R. Church of Memphis. Tenn.,
who was born a slave and worked as a
slave In his boyhood.' has contributed OflOQ
toward the entertainment of the Confed
erate veterans who will gather in Mem
phis In the spring. It Is a' singular case.
Southern papers have seized upon It as
showing that the negro has begun to real
ize that his true friends are to be found
In" the Souths The "northern barbarities "
In New York. Akron, Leavenworth ani
Colorado are again referred to: and cer
tainly If they be taken as criteria, the
negro's lot In the North Is far from hope
ful. But the claim that the negro to-day
receives better treahnent south of Mason
and Dlxon's line than north of It Is a
doubtful one. — Springfield Republican.
New Mediterranean Alliance.
It seems that Mercler's plan for Invad
ing England has stirred up emulation
among the Gauls. Rear Admiral Revet!*
lere now has a beautiful plan for the par
tition of Turkey and the formation of a
new Mediterranean concert. Russia and
Germany are not to be In it. It Is no con
cern of Germany's, anyway, and Russia
is to be compensated with a free gift of
the Persian Gulf. Turkey proper would
go to Austria and Italy, and Spain would
get Morocco. Presumably France Is to be
actuated by pure humanitarianism: she
gets nothing In particular. This Medi
terranean reapportlonment. -with England
left out, is the kind of comicality in which
the French are always unable to see any
unreasonableness. The Napoleonic craze
for the national checkerboard crops up
regularly', fathered by some tasseled ad
miral or closet general, to be taken In
each new phase with serious, gravity and :
discussion in the Journal des Economtates
or the dally prints.— New York Press.
Unrewarded Heroes.
The letter of Secretary Long to Senator
Morgan In reference to the failure of Con
gress properly to recognize and reward
he naval herot-s at Santiago will be llke
y to revive discussion as to th«^ responat
jllity for that failure. The Secretary of
the Navv points out what has been dona
by the President and himself to secure
for those men the recognition they un
questionably merit, but. as everybody un
derstands, these efforts have been unavail
ing because of the feeling created by th©
unfortunate Sampson-Schley controversy,
and It appears very doubtful whether any
action will be taken by the present Con
gress, earnestly as Secretary Long pleads
for it. Perhaps the next Congress will bo
better disposed, The officers and men of
the Astatic squadron received the thanks
of the nation and medals of honor. There
was no controversy In regard to the
achievement at Manila, no question as to
whom belonged the honor and glory of
that victory. Had none been raised re
specting the equally Important and even
more brilliant achievement at Santiago
those who participated In It would long
since have been rewarded as they deserve.
It Js not worth while to discuss the re
sponsibility for this. There Is an obliga
tion of national prratltude due the men oC
the Santiago squadron and it should bo
paid. Congress ought to promptly heed
the appeal of Secretary Long:.— Oman*
Bea. • . :W:V^
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
By and by the Supreme Court of the United States
will pass on that disfranchising amendment and nul
lify it, and then it will appear' to the people of North
Carolina that they disgraced their State in this im
peachment for nothing. -
Such a prostitution of the power of impeachment
was never heard of in an American State before. But
it is necessary in order to disfranchise fifty thousand
colored voters and enable the Bryan party to hold its
grip on the State, so Mr. Craig plants his tar heel
on the neck of justice. '-.*:-.
priately in the hands of the .member for Buncombe
County, Mr.- Craig, who is an aspirant for the seat in
the United States. Senate 'now held by Pritchard. Miv
Craig regards it as important that he succeed in im
peaching the Judges fcr the White mandamus, as that
will advance his Senatorial fortunes.
We repeat that the country is not indulging in a
cheerful mood over the Cuban prospect. The an
nouncement that the treaty of Paris absolves us in
part from the obligation assumed to Cuba in the reso
lution declaring war against Spain is not well re
ceived. Nothing in the treaty of Paris compels us to
violate our^ promise unless we choose to so construe
it If any such clause appears in that treaty it is our
fault that it is there, for Spain was powerless to make
us consent to anything we did not wish. To fall back
upon such a technicality will not satisfy the country's
sense of honor.
The example is ancient, but may well be followed
by this country. The complications that will other
wise appear are most painful, and we, will be. in the
position of increasing our responsibilities and losing
our self-respect.
The country would rejoice if Congress, before it ad
journs, would indicate its views of the Cuban con
stitution and authorize the President to accept that
instrument upon conformity thereto and withdraw our
troops upon the organization of a government.
Therefore it was decreed that the Roman garrisons
should be withdrawn as speedily as possible and the
people be left free- to govern themselves.
But all this was before the Caesars, when Rome it
self was free.
Among the bright spots in the history of Rome
prior to her abandonment to a policy of causeless con
quest is her conduct under circumstances that sug
gest our relations with Cuba.
After Paulus Emilius had delivered Macedonia and
Illyria from the greed and tyranny of Perseus the
Roman Senate gave liberty to the people of those
countries "in order," as the decree recited, "that all
nations might know that the purpose of the Roman
arms was not to subject free people, but to deliver
such as were enslaved, so that the one under the pro
tection of the Roman name might always retain their
liberty, and the other, who were under the rule of
kings, might be treated with more lenity and justice
by them through consideration for the Romans, or
that whenever war should arise between' those kings
and the Roman people the nations might know that
the issue of those wars would be victory for the
Romans and liberty for them;"
Within the last few days there have been signs of
division among Republicans in Congress upon the ex
ternal policy of the Government The issues that
have come from the Spanish war are by no means
settled, nor is there unanimity of agreement, in the
party concerning them. It is not well to add a
wrong Cuban policy to the accumulating difficulties
and anxieties of the situation. We should make our
exit from Cuba as speedily and as gracefully as pos
sible consistent with the continued maintenance of
order there.
Certain ill advised utterances of Senator Beveridge
of Indiana in favor of holding on to Cuba regardless
of our promise are now recalled, and there is a general
feeling of disquiet at the outlook. It is said in some
quarters that there will be members of Congress who
will insist that the Cuban constitution shall contain
a gratitude clause, in express terms thanking the
United States for intervening in behalf of the island
against Spain. This is fantastic. If such a position
is taken it will subject the Republican party to a fo-m
of which will be found hard to answer or
explain. If Cuba, of her own motion, chose to ex
press gratitude to us, while one might question the
taste of putting it into the fundamental law, there
would be no valid objection to it. Even such an ex
pression, however, can neither make nor blot out his
tory, which will deal impartially with our motives and
our methods in the Spanish war, Cuba would bet
ter leave gratitude to us in the hearts of her people
and keep it out of the constitution. From our side
there is no defense possible of the position that we
would take in denying to Cuba the independence we
promised until she thanks us, constitutionally, for giv
ing it to her. Such an act would be the hissing and
byword of history. Thanks enforced in that way
would be without sincerity and without merit, and
such action would stamp Cuba with spaniel-like
cringing and present this country in an attitude for
which no apology can be made.
IT seems certain that the Cuban constitution cannot
be ready for submission to Congress in time for
action at this session. This is to be greatly re
gretted. It will mean our continued military occu
pancy and goyernment of the island for another year.
This will give strength to the suspicion that we do not
mean to keep faith. ••'"'"
It is believed that a party exists in Cuba that has
an understanding with annexationists in this country
and has been influential in delaying the work of the
constitutional convention in order to prolong Ameri
can occupancy and increase the chances of making it
permanent.
THE DELAY IN CUBA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
UNCLE SAM ON THE FENCE
6
A hole in the lungs, once
healed, is no worse than a too-
tight waist or waistcoat. Take
the emulsion and give it a
chance to heal the wound.
We'll send you » little to try, If you Ui«.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 PearirtiwJ, New Tart
Some change in way of life
and Scott's emulsion of cod*
liver oil.
What did it?
There are thousands of men
and women, as well as ever,
with holes in their lungs : con-
Sumption stopped.
HOLE IN THE LUNGS
Cfo to the Inauguration.
The Santa Fe will make excursion rates from
California points to Washington and return on
th» occasion of the reinauguration of President
McKlnley. March 4th. The tickets will be sold
on February 24th and 25th and will be good to
return, starting from Washington, not later
than March 8th. West «f Chicago, however. th»
tickets will be rood until March 25th. The**
tickets will be honored on the California Lim-
ited. ttSM
The production of soap In Great Brltala
Is about forty-five thousand tons a week,
of which between three thousand and four
thousand is made in London.
"That must have been a pretty poor va-
riety show you were with, remarked th»
stranded tragedian. "I understand at one
town they even threw rocks at you as you
appeared on tho stage."
"Yes." replied the comedian. "In their
determination to show their dlsapproral
they left no ;turn unstoned."— Cathollo
Standard.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tbo
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1041 : - •
' Valentines for old and young: th« b«st
we have ever shown. Sanborn. Vail & Co.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Towns«nd'«, Palace Hot*L*
Grtnd Opera-house — "L'Alglon." •
Alcazar— "4 Xlffht Off."
Tivo'.l— "Nell G-w-ynne.''
Central— "After Park."
California— "Tess of the d'Urbervllles."
Alhambra— Sousa'» Band.
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Olymj>!a, corner Mason aafl Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.lcs.
fiFcher'B— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Hensrhel's Recital tnls afternoon.
California Jockey" Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tar.fcran Park— nac<>s.
AMUSEBIENTS."WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.—Representa
tive Dick's bill concerning hazing at West
Point' Military Academy %as ' adopted to
day > by the conference of the i two . houses
of Congress on the miJltary academy | bill
in lieu of the. Senate '.provision ion the
question ; of hazing.?. Some changes were
made,' but the chances do -not alter the
spirit - of * the ; measure. ¦ -¦" The ¦ amendment
renders ¦ it '^mandatory. that ¦ the .superin
tendent of the. academy shall- suppress
"challenge ; fighting" and every *, form of
hazing: at the academy.
BI1L TO STOP HAZING.
' The Civil Service Commissioners . held
an examination yesterday for" the poslr
tion of chief of the Department dt ; Elec
tricity and ' for inspectors in that branch
of the city government. Five applicants
took the test for the first named posi
tion, among them being the incumbent.
Superintendent Hewitt. Ten entered the
lists. for inspectors. The questions cov
ered a range of subjects pertinent to the
duties required, and a practical knowledge
of electricity.. The board of examiners
consisted of William W\ Hanscom. chief
electrician of the Union Iron Works:
Fred ¦ Cartwright, chief electrician of the
Mutual - Electric Light Company, . and
John M. Klein, an electrician. The elig
ible list will be announced in. the course
of three or four weeks."
Civil Service Examination.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— King Edward and
Queen Alexandra, according to Truth,
will leave. England during March to visit
Dowager Empress Frederick. As already
cabled, they wilK: also visit the Grand
Duke and Grand Duchess of Hesse and
will spend the Easter holidays at Copen
hagen. Truth asserts that a .member of
the Cabinet, probably Lord James • of
Hereford .will accompany the King.
A special edition of the" Gazette an
nounces that by the King's demand a spe
cial statute, under the seal of the Order
of the Garter, shall be issued, conferring
upon the: Queen the title of lady of that
mostjioble order. ;
Lora Roberts* title Is gazetted as "Vis
countof St. Pierre and Earl of Kandahar
and Pretoria." .. -
of Kandahar and Pretoria.
Becomes Viscount St. Pierre and Earl
ROBERTS' NEW TITLE.
On my accession" to the throne of my ances
tors I am desirous of thanking the army for
the splendid service which It has rendered to
my beloved mother, the Queen, during her glo
rious reign of upward of 'sixty years. Her Ma
jesty Invariably evinced the warmest Interest
In her troops, especially while In active service,
both as a', sovereign and as the head of . her
army, and she was proud of the fact that she
was a soldier's daushter. To secure your best
Interests will be one of the jrreat objects of my
heart, and 1 can count on that loyal devotion
which you ever evinced toward your late sov
ereign. EDWARD, R. I.
HALIFAX. N. S., Feb. 12.— A letter from
King Edward VII, forwarded to the mil ¦
ltary headquarters here by Lord Roberts,
was read to the troops to-day. The letter
said: •
English Soldiers.
King Edward Addresses a Letter to
GREETS Hid ARMY.
sword of state. When the King is seated
on the throne the Duke of Devonshire,
bearing the cap of maintenance, will
stand on the steps of the throne. On the
right of the King will be the Marquis of
Londonderry with the sword of state. The
other officers of the household will arrange
themselves on each side of the throne. In
the rear of the great officers of state.
When the King retires the procession will
return to the robing- room, thence to the
state carriage, in the same order.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— King Edward" has
sanctioned the official programme of the
ceremony to be observed in the House of
Lords on Thursday upon the opening of
Parliament. The great officers of state
and others will assemble at the entrance
of the House of Lords. The King will
Sanctions the Official Pro-.
gramme for the Opening
of Parliament.
EDWARD AGREES
TO THE CEREMONY
of $50 a month, the other $10 a month.
She laid the facts of her case as abova
stated before the court, and then Stierlen
took her place on the stand and told ths
story of his home life with the first Mrs.
Stierlen.
When hp was worth about $27,000. he
said, he allowed his wife $10 a week to
pay all bills, including gas and water,
and about $100 a year for clothing. Ho
admitted that he had tired of her and
had purposely given her ground for di
vorce, but when she failed to take ad van.
tage of the opportunity be sought and se
cured a decree. >
He was forced to admit his fine in the
Federal Court for writing the indecent
letters referred to.
Attention was next turned to his bank
account. He stated that speculation in
oil had reduced his bank account to $3000.
He was- told to bring his bank account
and books into court this .morning, when
the hearing of the case will be concluded.
Everybody says how strange it is that
the Pattosien Company don't see any dull
times in business. Nothing strange about
it We do the business all the time, and
that is all there }s to it. The real secret
is our low rent gives us a chance to
undersell all. others. We know we are a
little out of the way, but ah, you know
when a woman can save $25 out of $100
she will go a little out of the way to do
it Just now the great Challenge Sale
brings the people to the corner of Six
teenth and Mission streets. • . • '
Strange, Strange, Strange!
The agreement was signed, she says,
and remembering the oft-told story of the
laxity of Dakota divorce laws, her hus
band went th^re and after a few weeks'
litigation secured hia decree. He forth
with returned to this city and married a
Miss Rosa Scott. The former Mrs. Stier
len waited until after Stlerlen'.s second
marriage had been solemnized. "It Is al
leged, and then went to Dakota and ln
' stituted proceedings to set aside the de-
I cree granted her husband. She produced
j the agreement and the final decree of the
Dakota Supreme Court adjudging that the
divorce had been procured by Stierlen
through collusion with Mrs. Stierlen, and
the decree was set aside.
In tlje meantime more trouble was brew
ing ftfr Stierlen. Prior to his second mar
riage Alfred Isson, a brother of his first
wife, sent his wife to this- city from Mex
ico to visit his sister, Mrs. Stierlen. She
j remained some time and finally departed
for home on the ill-fated Collma. Before
Stierlen learned that Mrs. Isson was
among the victims of that terrible disas
ter he mailed her several letters that were
subsequently the basis for the indictment
of the writer. The letters fell Into Isson'3
hands and he started to this city to make
things warm for Stierlen.
Arriving here, he was restrained from
doing violence to Stierlen, but caused his
arrest on a charge of sending Improper
letters through the mails. Stierlen plead
ed guilty to the charge In the United
States courts. A fine of £W was imposed
for this offense. Not hatisfled with hav
ing cost Stierlen J500 in payment of the
fine, together with attorney's fees and
sundry other expenses, Isson filed a suit
against Stierlen for- heavy damages for
alienation of his wife's affections.
The case was tried before Judge Sander
son, but as it was proved that Mrs.- Isson
was on her way back to her . husband
when she met her death, the court're
fused to accept the plaintiff's theory that
her affections 'had been alienated. Hence
he gave judgment for the defendant. The
letters, which were introduced in evidence,
were I curiosities which the court did not
believe should be permitted to again leave
the Jurisdiction of the court. He conse
quently ordered them impounded and they
are now lying in some dusty recess of
the public vaults. During the hearing of
this case the former Mrs. Stierlen was de
vising ways and means to give Stierlen
a little more trouble before abandoning
him to his happiness with his second wife.
Sha camo to this city and Instituted pro
ceedings for maintenance and support, de
manding $200 a month permanent alimony.
The case has dragged through the courts
for some time and is now on hearing be
fore Judge Hebbard. The rulings and ex
pressions of the court indicate that he Is
not in full sympathy with the decree of
the Dakota Supreme Court setting aside
the* divorce decree. Argument on the.is
sues Involved was not a sufficient basis,
however, for the court to file an opposing
opinion, that the final judj «nt of the
California Supreme- Court h ht be ob
tained. Judge Hebbard he » ordered
that the facts of the case be .aid before
the* court by way of testimony and docu
mentary evidence.
Mrs. Stierlen was called to the stand at
the opening of the session yesterday
morning.' She testified = that she received
J50U0 in cash and two pieces of property
valued at ?6p00, one bringing in an income
Mrs. Stierlen was on the stand yester
day morning In Judge Hebbard's court
filling out the details of her remarkable
story of the manner in which her hus
band obtained a divorce from her in the
North Dakota courts and how she subse
quently set the decree aside on the ground
of collusion and by so doing made a biga
mist out of her husband, who had mar
ried again. The case had its inception in
this city several years ago. Stierlen tired
of his wife and, according to her storyt
entered Into a collusive agreement with
her, by the terms of which she agreed to
relinquish all claim on his person and
estate without opposition for a considera
tion of $11,000.
George Stierlen, a contractor and builder
of this city and Los Angeles, is in a
"scrape." He has been In others. This
time Judge Hebbard has been called upon
to decide whether the North Dakota Su
preme Court was right when it technically
adjudged him a bigamist— whether the
first Mrs. Stierlen still has the right to
his support and protection, financial at
least, or whether that is the sole right
of her successor in Siierlen's affections.
After the King is robed, with the Duke
of Devonshire (Lord President of the
Council) carrying the Imperial crown, the
Procession will advance to the House of
Peers, the cap of maintenance being borne
before the King on the right hand of the
alight from tho state carriage and the
procession will move to the robing-room
as follows:
Pursuivants, heralds, the King's equer
ries, gentlemen ushers, grooms in waiting
and officers of the household, flanked by
the sergeant-at-arms. the Lord of the
Privy Seal, the Lord High Chancellor, the
Black Rod, the Garter King-of-Arma, the
Earl Marshal, the Lord Great Chamber
lain, the sword of. state, carried by the
Marquis of Londonderry; the King and
Queen, respectively attended by the mas
ter of the horse, the lord steward and the
lords and ladies in waiting, followed by
the pages of honor, the captain of the
Yeomen of the Guard, gold stick, the
captain of tho gentlemen-at-arms, silver
stick in waiting, the field officers in wait
ing, with officers, gentlemen-at-arms and
yeomen of the guard closing the proces
sion.
"No regal diadem rested on the brow
of Abraham Lincoln, no regal robes en
veloped him," said Mr. Shortridge. "We
should be thankful that such a. man was
born In this land, when we consider, had
his hand not been at the helm of the ship
of state when the crisis came, what might
have happened to our now glorious coun
try. Let us do our part in perpetuating
his memory. Let us resolve that this
Union shall be one of undivided States, no
more Mason and Dlxon's line, no bloody
chasm, and that the lields once red with
fratricidal 'carnage will* continue to be
decked with flowers growing under one
constitution and one flag."
. A lengthy musical programme was
opened by the children of the Everett
Grammar School, followed by a number
of artists from local theaters. During
the evening Chairman Cooney read a tel
egram from Frank J.' Brandon, secretary
of the Senate, announcing that Senator
Flint had introduced a bill making Lin
coln's birthday a legal holiday in Cali
fornia^
The pupils of the Humboldt Evening
L. I». Dow, W. A. Jacobs, F. F. Stone, J. J.
Scoville.
Broadway Grammar School— W. H. H. Hart,
R. R. Big'elow, G. B. Godfrey, E. E. Chever,
J. H Roberta.
Girls" Hlch School— E. S. Plllsbury. W. R.
Smedberg, J. C. Currier, N. P. Chipman, E. G.
Hursh.
Moulder Primary School— "W. w. Allen, O. T.
Lemcn, William Healey, H. M. Gregory, J.
L. Boone.
Sheridan Primary School— F. H. Merrill,
George Hardcastle, J. H, Carels, J. B. Plerre
pont. E. Wlllla. .
JAMES A. GARFIELD POST No. 34, G. A. R.
Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar School — A. E.
Conn.
Columbia Grammar School— Frank Elliott
Myers.
Franklin Grammar School— Andrew Sorensen.
Humboldt Primary School— SIk. L.. Simon.
Starr King Primary School— J. H. Hilton.
Fremont Primary School — Quetav Marck.
Garfleld Primary School— A. S. Isaacs.
Hawthorne Primary School— John Duncan.
COLOXEL CASS POST NO. 46, " G. A. R.
Lick Grammar School— George W. Arbuckle,
Charles M. I^eavy, Bruno Scholz.
Peabody Primary School— John Massey,
James Butler, W. H. Paty.
GENERAL GEORGE G. MEADE POST NO.
43, G. A. R.
Longfellow Grammar School — Thomas Mat
thews, Jacob Deutsch, Jesse Frye, Joseph
Washington, James Minigan, John Brannan.
Apassiz Primary School— William W. Free
land, P. M. Helton. W. S. Small, S. W. Wood.
i3. L,. Miller, "William Shlpstone, John C.
Scott, Robert Graham.
Dudley Stone Primary School— William J.
Ruddlck, R. P. Dewey, William H. Coles. D.
M. Cashln, John F. Shechan, Thomas Cllne,
Christian Spleijcl. Barton Wilmarth.
Henry Durant School — John Murphy, John F.
Gogr&in. James Kelley, William Telchert, J.
W. Short, S. W. Knowles, William F. Howe,
Edward Walsh.
LIBERTY POST NO. 133. G. A. R.
Everett Grammar School— S. C. Smith, J.
Toohey. H. T. Smith.
Cleveland School— L. C. Mersbon, J. Mc-
Donald.
Buena Vista School— William Hunt, R. F.
Hutchlna.
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge was the
orator at the exercises under the direc
tion of the Lincoln Monument League In
the evening at Metropolitan Temple. .He
paid a slowing tribute to Lincoln's worth
and character, and compared him to other
heroes dear to the American heart.
At Boston, under the auspices of the
Middlesex Club at Hotel Brunswick, to
night, the speakers were Hon. Joseph
Quarles, United States Senator from Wis
consin; Hon. H. E. Burnham. United
States Senator-elect from New Harrrrp
shlre; Hon. C. F. Warwick of .Philadel
phia, Hon. H. J. Hoiere of Virginia and
Hon. J). J: Foster of Vermont.
Lincoln day was celebrated In Denver
by two banquets, one by Colorado Com
mandery of the Loyal Legion at the
Windsor Hotel and the other under tfie
auspices of the Republican State Central
Committee at "the Brown Palace Hotel.
- The Republican Club of the city of New
York grave a banquet to-night at the Wal
dorf-Astoria in honor of Abraham Lin
coln's memory. General Henry E. Tre
main presided.
At Columbus, Ohio. Lincoln day was
celebrated by the Jefferson, Jackson and
Lincoln League with a dollar dinner at
the Columbus Auditorium. W. J. Bryan
received an ovation.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— Lincoln day was
generally observed throughout the coun
try. The third annual Lincoln-day dinner
of the Republican Club of East Orange,
N. J., was given to-day. .Postmaster Gen
eral Smith spoke on "Abraham Lincoln,"
and Congressman Charles B. Landis of
Indiana responded to the toast "The Re
public To-day." "Log Cabin Days" was
the toast to which Franklin Murphy re
sponded, and Congressman Richard
Wayne Parker responded to the "New
Jersey Republicans."
Lincoln Day Is Very Generally ob-
served Throughout the
Country.
HONOR THE MEMORY OF
THE MAETYE PRESIDENT
Superior Judge Seawell, on motion of
Attorney U. S. Foote, adjourned in mem
ory of the day.
The Loyal Legion observed the birth of
Abraham Lincoln with a social and ban
quet last evening in the Maple room of
the Palace. The assemblage was called
for 6:30 and the banquet at 7. The rooms
were beautifully decorated for the occa
sion with flags and choice hothouse floral
decorations. During the repast a stirring
speech was mado by General W. H. L.
Barnes. At the close of the repast the
gay party, which numbered over a hun
dred, adjourned to the reception rooms,
where an impromptu concert was given,
by an orchestra in attendance.
James A. Garfield Corps No. 21. "W R
C. of the Grand Army of the. Republic,
celebrated the anniversary of Lincoln's
birth List evening by a crystal social In
the social hall of the Alcazar building.
There'was an audience that filled the hall
comfortably. It was entertained by man
dolin selections by a club composed of
Maud A. MinlRan, Miss L. Minigan, Miss
M. O'Brien, Miss F. Barr. Miss L. Barr
a , n ", R * F 'nn: vocal selections by Gussle
zither solo by Minnie Hoffman
v 1 c . a i,. solo J , > ' v ATrs - M - F - Morris and
whistling d >y Messrs. Murphy and
Kops. Then 3 a good programme of
T? n^?. s .,, unt1ei * direction of Mrs. Dora
II. \v Ilkins, floor manager, assisted by
Lena McGovern and Mrs. M. F. Morse.
School aleo had a special celebration,
consisting of essays, music and declama
tions.
FLYING flags, booming guns, .ora
tory, music and banquet were the
distinguishing features of the
celebration yesterday of the birth
day of Abraham Lincoln. Under
•the direction of the Lincoln Monument
League an elaborate scheme of events
was arranged and successfully carried
out.
A national salute by the United States
chip Mohican ushered in the day, and
from, deck to her highest spar flags of air
colorB floated. Every schoolhouse In the
city had its exercises, and in order that
there might be uniformity, a general pro
gramme was arranged, added to by spe
cial features Introduced by principals and
teachers. In the main, patriotic songs
opened the exwciseB, all participants ris
ing when the "Star-Spangled Banner" was
sung, and Joining in the chorus. Ad
dresses were made by pupils, other pa
triotic features were included and busts
and pictures of him whose memory they
honored were unveiled.
Details from the various posts of the
Grand Army of the Republic were as-
Blgned as follows:
LINCOLN* POST NO. 1, O. A. R.
Lincoln Grammar School — William H.
WharfT. G. A. Stevens. H. D. Stewart, A. A.
McLean, J. B. Mulcahey.
Horace Mann Grammar School— C. N. Harris,
F. S. Bowley, J. H. Boardman. Thomas Cus
eack Victor de la Fontaine.'
Marshall Primary School — H. T. Hobbert. K.
A. Blanchard, 3. G. Barr, William Healy, P.
Bono.
Lafayette Primary School«-C. J. Handley; w.
H. Wiseman, Joseph White, W. H. Snyder, B.
F. Stromber*.
Hawthorne Primary School — S. "W. Carpenter,
Matthew Harris, T. L. Schuck, L. A. Snaer,
Nils Thom^Bon.
Pacific Heights Grammar School— Henry C.
Dibble. Victor Duhem, Harry Brewer, David
BeKUbl. T. H. Cralff.
Hamilton Grammar ' School — William Bur
fress T. D. Barnstead, M. 8. Blackburn, Phil
Burnett. George W. Carey.
HeniTt Grammar School— Dr. J. G. Crawford,
W. W. Stone, Charles Edelman, Carl Flick,
Louis Felling:.
Grant Primary School— "William V.. Kstes, It.
Wilson, F. W. Waddell, J. ' Donahue, J.
Schnoorenberjr.
Mission Primary School— Harry W. Mortimer,
A. g. PhMdon. W. H. Turner, A. S. Thompson,
A B. Van Flyke.
Bpring Valley Grammar School— George T.
Johnson. J. C. Bolles, M. R. Courtney, Eugene
<lu Crozet. Thomas Connors.
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST No. 2. G. A. R.
Denman Grammar School — W. R. \ Parnell, .T.
M. Bailey, Warren Olney, T. W. Novylln, H.
M. Burke.
Emerson Primary School— W. F. McNutt, W.
E. Lutz. Thomas Woodruff, James J. Bennett,
C. G. Btronc.
Whlttier Primary School — C. W. Gordon, John
Tuttle, E. H. Richardson, D. A. Twlgg.
Clement Grammar School— Bart Burke, A. T.
EgRleston. R. A. Sarle, F. J. gymmeB, J. M.
I»ng.
Crocker Grammar School — A. Mautner. W.
J. Watson, W. A. Treadwell, H. Bendel, L. L.
Brown. . .
John Swett Grammar School— A. J. Vlnlne.
C H. Peterson, Colonel Hubbard. H. Bews, C.
Trcell.
Washlngrton Grammar School— J. K. Wilson.
H. J. Judell, John Rush, George H. Powers,
J. D. 8or*r.
Hancock Grammar School— W. H. 1». Barnes,
First Woman to Take His Name Seeks Ali
mony and Adds to His Woes.
STIERLEN WOULD PROVE
HE HAS BUT ONE WIFE
UNITED STATES TRAINING SHIP MOHICAN FIRING A NATIONAL SALUTE IN HONOR OF LINCOLN'S DAT
SHE WAS DECKED WITH BUNTING FOR THE OCCASION AND ALMOST EVERY VESSEL IN PORT AND ALL
THE BUSINESS HOUSES ALONG THE FRONT FLEW THEIR FLAGS.
prepald.
The names of successful candidates -will be arranged in three groups accord-
Ing to order of merit as follows: (1) Excellent, (2) good, (3) fair.
Note— Any ten -questions will be consld-.
ered a full pap^*.
1. Describe briefly the evolution of the
German empire of to-day.
2. Name the countries of Europe whose
boundaries have changed slightly. If any,
during the nineteenth century.
3. Wri^e a note on the political career of
Empress Maria Theresa.
4. "Who was KoBCi'usko? .
5. What effect had the war of the Span
ish succession in changing the boundaries
and possessions of European countries?
6. At what time and under what ruler
did Russia enter actively Into the affairs
of European politics?
7. When and under what circumstances
did Poland pass from the map of Europe?
8. Name the allies in the struggle against
Napoleon. .Tell something of the recon-
struction period following the Napoleonic
wars.
S». Draw a sketch map of Europe show^
Ing the empire of Napoleon Bonaparte.
10. Write a brief account of the 'political
career of Prince Bismarck. What states
man bears the same relation to the polit
ical history of Italy that Bismarck does
to the political history of Germany?
11. Give some account ot the political
unification of Italy, and say to what ex
tent this unification has been accom
plished in the social and Industrial life of
the people.
12. Draw ! a map of the United State3
showing the several acquisitions of terri
tory from the revolutionary period to the
present tlmo.
13. What three European countries have
the largest control in the occupation of
Africa?
14. Write a brief review of Professor
Grosvenor's paper on "The Most "Vener
able of the Continents."
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Cer
tificates will be granted in each cou-se to students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle, "San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Examination."
DJreptlons — Write. with ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper Candidates writing . upon more than one
course should mall their examinations la separate paekages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fullv
Examination Questions Covering Pa
pers in Course on World's
War Geoorranhv
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
LINCOLN'S BIRTHDAY THEME
OF SCHOLARS AND ORATORS
Veterans of Grand Army of Republic Invite Younger Generation to
Review Events Which Marked the Struggles They Ehdured.
: i ¦ ¦.¦..¦,.¦: -,. . . : ..¦-...
THE SAN FR ANCISUO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
7
. — LAET WEEK——
MRS. FISKE
TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME,
TESSoftbeD'URBERVILLES.
¦mTREOAT. FTIIDAT AXD SATURDAT
ylGHTSi ALSO SATURDAY MATIXEE,
**BECKY SHARP."
ONL.T MATIXEE SATCRDAT.
Next Eiiniay Afternoon— The Big Pcenic £en-
M 'ticn "THE "VNA1FS OF NEW YORK."
At Cur Usual Popular Prices.
SPECIAL !
The World's Distinguished VIOLINIST,
LEONORA JACKSON
In two Recitals, Afternoon? of Monday.
TVl>ruary IS. and Wednesday. February 20.
by MISS JOSEPHINE ELBURNA,
5^prano, and MR. SELDEX TRATT, Accom-
tjanist.
. PRICES— tl 60. tl. We. Beats en sale Thurs-
day Moraine *t the box office of California
Theater.
•
j^^^^^j p^^ JQ Jm!5' T-*^e ff *^3^ f^tJta .A—^m
GRAND' OPEF2A. MOUSE
CURTAIN RISES at 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
fGOTTLOB, MARX & CO. and WALTER
MOROSCO Announce the Farewell
t Arr«arance in Tfcls City of ' I
V.ML SARAH BERNHARDT
AND
M. COQUELIN,
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Lest Matinees TO-DAY and SATURDAY.
"L'AIGLON."
SU3CDAT EVEXIXG.
"PHEDRE" and
"LESPRECIEUSES RIDICULES"
tIME. SARAH BERNHARDT and M. CO-
OUELIN* Will Appear at Everj-
Perf o rra ance .
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK.
Monday, "La Tosca"; Tuesday evening and ;
¦VTeflnescay matinee. "La Dame aui Ca-
raelias"; Wednesday. Thursday and Friday
evenings, •¦Cyrano de Bergerac"; Saturday
niatlnee. il Phe<lre" and ••I^e« Precieuees Ridi-
cules": Saturday eveninjf. Farewell ni?ht. Third
act cf ••Cvrano de Bergerac," Third act of
"La To«ca," monolojrue by M. Coquelln, I^ast
two acts of "1* Dame «»i (.>mel1«*.'
FEATS OX SALE TO-MORROW MORNING.
MATIXEE TO-DAT CWED.). FEB. IS.
Parquet, SSc, any eeat; balcor.y, 10c; children,
10c, any r^rt excejt reserved.
A Bill Guaranteed to Please Everybody.
IDALEXE COTTOX AXD XICK LOXQ.
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER, GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE. MURRAY AND LANE.
XATHRYN OSTERMAN. LIZZIE AND
VINIE DALT. EMPIRE CITT QUARTET.
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH-
LASX WEEK OF
THE NINE NELSONS.
SECOND WEEK-BIG HIT!
EVENING? AT 8. MATINEE SAT. AT 2.
THE PASTORAL HIT!
NELL
GWYNNE!
TCESDAT. Feb. 19— "EAGLES 1 KIOHT."
Monday, Feb. JS— WIZARD OF THE XILE.
with •¦HOOT MON" WHEELAN.
POPULAR PRICES 23 and SO cent*
Telephone— Bufh 8.
Alf. EJllnehouse Prop, and Manager
PHOXE. SOUTH -0.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
To-ncrrow Afternoon and Evening: Friday,
Matinee and Xleht. Feb. IS; Saturday, Mat-
inee and Xight, •"Farewell," Feb. 16.
oUUo A jf«g
AND HIS BAND 0V^^
BLANCHE DrFFIELD.. Soprano XjffEgi
BERTHA BUCKLIN....\nollnl«te *MSfS»»
.THE XE"CT POrSA MARCH— "HAIL TO THE
SPIRIT OF LIBERTY/'
75c J1.00. $1.50.
Next Sunday Afternocn, Feb. 17— "Uncle Josh
Ppniceby." Usual Alhainbra Popular Prices.
TO-KIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK,
A . AUGU5TIN
l\lL-in 1 BRIGHTEST
OFF I C0MEDY -
MATINHES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week-'TTHAT HAPPENED TO
JOXES."
BESASCOfi'BTHALCSjfejtffc
—Phone South £23 *
TO-XIGHT and Et-ery Evening- This Week.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Grand Production. Wm. A, Brady's Famoui
Success, .
, AFTER DARK.
% By Wllkle Collins and Dion Bouclcault.
CpP The London dock ecene with real
a-. a-, water, boats, etc., the tunnel scene
with the "Flying: Scotchman" and the music
hall ecene. Introducing specialties, boxing
tnatches, etc. A GREAT PRODUCTION.
BDirCC Evenln«rs 10c. lie. 25c, 83c, fOc
ifilvC^ Matlr.ees 10c. lie, 25c
Next Week— •'CinMMIE FADDEN."
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racing, Beginning Monday, Feb-
ruary 1L 190L
SrX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
E!x Stake Events, Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechases.
.FIRST RACE OF THE DAY % AT 2:10 P. M.
S Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for I
Tanfotan I-ark at 7. 11:«0, 11:30 a. m.. 1. 1:30
end 2 d. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
Fan Francisco at 4:15 P. m- followed after the
last race at Intervals ot a few minutes by sev-
eral eveci&lr. Seats In rear cars reserved for
la/iies and their escorti. Admission to course.
Including railroad fare, $1 25.
MILTON 6. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racing Secretary.
FI^CHFR'S! CONCERT HOUSE.
LA MONT JUVENILE CO. and Fairy Ballet,
Fred and Mrs. Georgle Cooper, All Zada, Sue
Harl. John Whalen, Lillian Levey and the
alareos.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
< SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S H4LL
TO-DAT AT 1:16— SECOXD nECITAL OF
GODOYVSKY, the Great Pinnfst.
fcAET RECITAL. FRIDAY AFTERNOON.
Reserved Seat*- JJ. tl to and JL On cal* at
Saerman. Clay & Co.'s. . .
@V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over OtW
years by tho leader's of th«
Mormon Church and. their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th*
worst cases In old and roans
- arising from ¦ effects ot self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clgarett^-smoklng. Cures Lose
Manhood. Impoteney. Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Erll Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltaes* to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. -— Vartcocela or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *3 g J rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects^J?« * r • immedUte.
Impart vljror and c f T3 potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a eun la at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box ; S for $2 SO by mail. X written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with < boxes.' Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ell!s
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
S3 and *0 Third sL
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
• of railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery 'street. *
restores health by feeding and building. up tho nerves,
which are the source of all strength and uealth. *
bold by druggists on aguiranteo. £au Miles medical Co., Elknart, InC
Little beginnings often lead to great; jresults. The tallest oak
was once a tiny acorn. Many serious diseases have their inceptior
in little ills. Headache, nervousness, indigestion, lost appetite
irritability, worry, anxiety, overwork and lack of sleap seem lit
tie ills but they wear out the nervous strength and destroy thY
vitality of the whole system. A little medicine, if it is the righ;
kind, will do wonders in overcoming: these disorders
" 1 paid no attention to the headaches, nervoua-
ness ancf inability to sleep, but kept right on working
until I wks fiat on my back. I was alct for weeks with
nervous prostration and my doctors did all they could for
me but without avail. Whan I began taking Dr. Miles'
Nervine I gained rapidly until I was well. 1 * *
;Hf« , yr.jr.iBKr Hayks. Blandinft^ffljs pi«-
AMUSEMENTS.
AD VEBTISEMENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The
H-0 Company's
crisp, short,
. tender
Pancakes
• More attractive
.than the-
A.
lorning Paper.
DYSPEPSIA
My DYSPEPSIA CURE "positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that
have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
Olanyon'a Drspcpsla Cure corrects bloatiugof
the stomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness of
breath, and all afiectioos of the heart caused by in-
digestion, wind on the stomach, belching wind ot
sour f ood.bad taste, oBensWc breath , loss of appetite,
faiatnest or weakness of the stomach, improper cir-
culation, coated tongue, } 4 art-burn or water-brash.
His Headache Cure sto*,s headache in 3 minutes.
Munyon's Pile Ointment cares all forms of piles.
Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood impurities.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious-
Ctss, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are guaranteed to
relieve asthma in three minutes and cure in five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail..
Munyon's Vitalize restores lost powers to weak
Den. Price, $1. 4)
Muaron has aeure for every disease. The GnMo
to Health (frer) tells of them. Cwes. mostly »j cts.
JInnyon, New York and Philadelphia.
huxtovs TvrMT.m wnr.s ctunnn.
1^'iftfWB'irr -fcBiifrii? nit^xrA-^^r
At the Head
Of all materials for Gen-
eral Cooking —
i"Kp-Nut"
I A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
I For Shortening:
fa and
I Frying
19 It has no equal. Our word
i for It, and all others who
EYour Grocer or Write.
3 Refining: Co.,
Philadelphia. .
IM«*g-js»y;qjag»i l »-uU l &t— ii'EtfiW 1 - 1 . f~J
ggBgg>^'~~S"AME SHAPiT^~<^Mllfi6aa
OUALITlES^^^»B||j[j|g
nil fl fl r These hotels pos-
¦ ALAul sess the at t" but «
- that tourists and
Jinn travelers appreciate
UHU — central location,
PRANfl liberal manage-
U II mil) meat, modern ap-
flfliT I (\ pointments and
nUTEIV *$0$m
S2II FrZnClSCO. ropean plans.
Aviair OR- JORDAN'S great*
IMUSEUa OF B HAT0tm
, i; Cg icsimmT6s.t)tt6im, s.r.u. a
CT The Largest Autom'.cal Museum In the \
i /A ri V/tnid. UtitiKtMi or »-iy contracted 4
" ifc2=lGy d'*e«e pe««l»«-lyewr»S>,ytbVoldeit *
g; fS kfl fcpeciiliu ci» the Cciti. E»t-36yoti». Q
I fl^» J B3.«'03BAN-?RiU!SS!$EASES$
ffflSr^S t-OTTOltstion freo «nd rtrirtly privite. \
#S JJf^f W Tr»»iment pmonnlly ot by Irteer. A/}
j| flr BU fm.tn* Own In ere*y case ucdertaicen. \
I ' % ff II S> W "t« for Book, rifLOSVPnVcfi
fall I1T SIABHIAGK, MAILED raSB. iAW
X A ji, ' vsluable book for mm; \
I * DR. XOBDAK dt V.. 10&1 JUarSpt St., a F. P
eOfh CHICHCQTER'S ENGLISH
Pehnvroyal pills
¦ <MSTk _.— .. Or****** ¦¦• Oulr Oeaolao.
AJl-o^av far CHICHESTEK'S KNUL1SH
&***2\jX'+l la KEO ici Cold B«i»i:ie bo»t.. Mild
~bk I?" 1 *l^I lbbon - Taken, other. lU-fu.a
[fr %K *>•"•• B»/ of jo«r l>rrj(r^ut. or Mod 4c la
\ V* , fr ud R * 11 « f for Ladles" «•» id'**, tr re-
A_l A' _ turn MalL. IO.OUU Tmlmooiali. 8*1* tj
iis^«ai.^^s^i^igj^Siteaag!gs
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets,
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Organs of Generation.
Prlc* tl a bottle. For sal» by druggists,
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING
ISCO-WINTEn MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. 11 TO FEB. 23. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racin? Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Kaces start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
II :M, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:80 and" 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. "Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and thilr escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo aventae
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda, mole con-
r.ect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
•Ed Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS- II. WILLIAMS JR,. President.
n. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTES AND_ZOO E ; a ?E^"
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL I
TO-MORROW NIGHT—
THE AMATEURS IN_A BROWNIE SHOW
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
THE HENSCHELS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THIS AFTBRNOON at 3:15.
LAST RECITAL :; - V > ' ' ;
. TO-MORROW EVENING AT 8i.l5.
PRICES 75c. HOT, "11.50, $I.W
Beats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.' a, But-
ter and Kearny streets.
|jj||! Dainty :
j^^^fe I Dresser
filliisilif ffVr'sa •
iN^^^eftfif^ mlm)r -
} -¦¦ .^A >v<^ V -rT~rft; I hundreds
I , '"^Sfevl^ 3>* "^ ? of bar-
F arniture and Carpets
We can saye you money. Let
us. estimate .on complete house- •
fumlshlRK-
Fre« delivery wUhln 200 miles
on £5 worth or over.
CASH or CREDIT.
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
338-342 Post St
Ojea iTsoiags. Kt«r FsviU.LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
•February, 1901,
CALL CALENDAR.
¦ Salmon • skin . is about , the; best water
proof material -that can be worn.. Tha
Eskimos use Itfor both boots and shirts.
Shouldiit Jsecorae the fashion outside of
the Arctic regions, -. however, ¦. the • chances
are that the. expense. would be too great
tor general ¦ utilization. .
•WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.-To-<lay'» statement j
Condition of the Treasury.
CHICAGO. Feb. 12— CATTLE— Receipts, 43C0.
including £00 Texana. Good to choice steers,
Ft»ady: others slow. Good to prime steers,
fS 0SS6: poor to medium, $3 4:tJ5; etocJcers and
feeders. J2 7^@4 i0; cows. $2 55-5* 25; heifers.
J2 65^4 40: canners. $1 90©i 60; bulls. J2 6004 40;
caJves. $4^6 12%:- Texas fed steers. Sitg4 75;
trnwers. $3 »«4; bulls. »2 Mff3 65. . -
HOGSJ— Recelpta to-day, 32.000: to-morrow, 30,
000 • left over, 2S00. Average shade lower, top.
J5S0 Mixed and butchers'. $5 25fl5 47^; good
to choice beav,-. «5 40Q-5M: rough heavy $5 25«
r. 3S: light. »5 2535 45; bulk of aalea. $5 37'iQi
6 Er^EEP-RecelptB. 12.000; uteady to 10c higher.
Good to Choice wethers. W S0«4 60; fair to
,-ho£# mixed $3 50Q4: Western eheep. $3 9004 SO;
TeiH ™£ep. CW» €0: native laabs. $4 25tf
C 80; Western lunba, t*@» SO.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Australian, acoured basis, spot r rices, comb-
Ing, superfine, nominal. 72®7ic; good, C7870c;
averarc. C4©C7c.
BOSTON. Feb. 12.— The wocl market here
ehowe only a fair amount of eteadlnees. al
though cor.sl'lera'oJe wool Is being talfea from
time to time. Prices cannot be quoted mate
rially lower, however, and many holders are
firm on the present basis of prices. Conditions
remain the same as lor the past few week^.
Manufacturers have no -stocks on hand. . but
they desire none until they sell the goods. At
present there Beeins no chance for prices ad
vancing and there U a_n absence of any epecula
t've feeling. Territory wools continued to held
the list of business transacted. Prices nr»
quoted at 4oQ4<ic for fine meUium and fine
scoured, with the strictly staple article at 4SQ
lOr. Fleece wools are slow at nominal prices.
Territory. •I'-oured basis. Montana and Wyom
ing, fine medium and fine. l£@i6c: scoured 45©
4Se: staple. 4S?i50c: ftah. fine medium and fin
15@16c; scoured. 43G46c: staple, 47tii0r; Idaho'
line medium and fine. IJi^iic; scoured, 44Q4ic;
etaple. 47© 50c.
Boston Wool Market.
BJd.Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
U S 4s coup...ll3V4U4H US 4s cp(new)137V4137%
Do 43 reg 113tell4'/4i Do 3s coup..llOV41ll%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P Co Rs.105 105 l ,fc Oak W Co 6s. — 102V*
Cal-st Cab Es.116 — ¦ Oceanic SS 5s.lOS —
C C Water Es.lO8U — Om C R 6s.... 128 —
Kd L & P Os.128%135 Pac G Imp 4s.lOO —
F & Cl Ry 6g.ll4',4 — Pk & Cl R 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st R is. Pk & O R 6s. - —
Haw C 5ViS..10S',i — Powell-st R 6sl20tf —
Do Cs 105% — S E O & R Bs — 100
L A R R ES..112V4 — S F & SJV Bsl20Vi —
L A Lt 6s... — — S R cr Cal 6s. 110 —
• Do gntd 63.. — 104 S Pof A 6s.. 112 —
Do gntd 5s.. — — S P C 6s (1905) .
LAPR 5s. ..102 — Series A ....1104 —
Markt-st C 6s. 126 4 — Do (SerlesB)lll'i — ?
Do 1st c 5s. .123 123^ Do (1906) ....113^4 —
N C N G R 7s — 113H Do (1912) ....122% —
N R of Cal 6s. 114' — S P O 1st g 5sl07 lOStf
Do Ba 110 — S P Br R 6s..l3U4 — ,
N P C R R Cs.lOl«4 — S P Water 6s. 114^ —
.Do 5s 108 — Do 4s ....... 103U — H
N C R *R 6s.. — 113 Do 3d' mtg..lO2V4 —
OGL& II 5s.U2 114 Stkn G & E 6s — 106
Oak Tr Co Gs.114, 115 .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. . 68H 70 i Spring Valley. K\i —
Marln County. E2U 53yJ. ' . • ;
. GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L. & P... 3 4 Pac Lt'Co 43tf — «
Eqult Gas 3 3tf Sac.E O & R. — 37*,£
MutEleoLt... 7 — S F G & E.... 4S"4 49Vi
O G L & H 50 — San Francisco. 4H 414
Pac Gas Imp. 44V4 45V4 Stktn O & E.. -r . U ,.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 232 — I '
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 ' — Lon P & A. ...143% — '
Bank of Cal. . .410 - — Mer Ex (Hq)..16 — .
Cal Safe Dep..lO5% — S F National.. — 125
1st NolS F.. — 312^4 : ¦¦'¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....... — 1850 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt ..... — •— , Security .......275 —
Mutual ........ CO ' — Union Trust... — — ,
S F Sav U....510 — *
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-Bt ..133 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
, Geary-st .'....: 4714 — Presidio — 20
- Market-st ..... 69Vi 70 ,
POWDER STOCKS.
California ....150 — IVlgorlt 1% —
Giant Con... .785 85Vil -¦• V . .
• SUGAR . STOCKS. '
Hana Plan..... 8% : » Kilauea ....... 23V4 —
Haw Com. 84 . 90 Makaweli 449» 43
Honokaa 1 ...... 32H 33 ¦-¦' Onomea ......*. 29 —
Hutch 8 P.... 27% 28V4 Paauhau ...... 34 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. .
Alaska P A...125»4 — lOceanic SS Co.100 101
Cal Fruit Can. — : 105H I Pac A FA.... » —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUESDAY, Feb. 12—2 p. m.
Business was heavy again on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with continuous
firmness In the sugar stocks, though beyond a
further advance In Kilauea to $23 60 there were
no pronounced gains. Contra Costa Water was
higher at $6"! 75^70, and Gas ,and Electric was
ilrm at $4S 75® l». ¦
In the afternoon Paauhau sold up to $34 and
Giant Powder to JS5.
The feeling in most of the oil stocks was easy
on the morning session and several showed
slight depreciations. There was no puf'lcular
change in the afternoon.
Alaska Packers' waa cx-dlvldend of 75c yes
terday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday, probably light showers:
light northerly, changing to southeasterly,
wir.ds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloutjy. unsettled
weather Wednesday, with light showers along
the coast north of San Francieco; light south
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
Rorth'erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesdar-
Utaii— Fair Wednesday.
Afirona— Fair Wednesday; wanner In north
ern portion. : ••¦ . - ¦¦- '
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for 30 hours,
ending midnight. February 13. 1901:
The temperature has risen in Southern Ari
zona and has fallen over Oregon and-Southern
Washington, elsewhere, it has remained nearly
stationary. Light showers arc reported along
the coa*t from Cape Mendoclno northward.
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the west
ern half of the country. In Wyoming and
Southern Utah the j'ressure exceeds 30.S0
Inches. No disturbance appears as yet on th<?
Pacinc Coast, but conditions are very favorable
for the rapid approach of. a storm, should one
develop over the Pacific.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature
E5. minimum 43, mean 4!«.
WEATHER CONDITIONS A.VD GENERAL
As far as known th* Governzirnt baa taken
Beans and Seeds.
The scarcity In Bran continues and the mar
ket is very firm. .
Arrivals of Hay continue moderate and deal
ers report a steady market In consequence.
BRAN— $15 50&16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17018: Corn Meal. $_>5
©25 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50®26; Mixed Feed,
$isei«.
HAY — Volunteer, $508; Wheat. $11©13;
Wheat and Oat. $9i&1»; Oat, $301160: Clover,
nominal: Alfalfa. $S@9 60; Barley, $7 5009 M
per ton.
STRAW— C5S47%c per bale.
FX/5UR— California Family Extras, $3 23®
3 SO .usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15^3 25;
Oregon, 12 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 73
0X
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 CO; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 £0; Hom
iny. $3 iO®3 73; Buckwheat Flour. $4©-4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 SO; Farina. M &0; Whole
Wheat Flour, 53 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks, ?5 75!g7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Pea?. JS; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— There Is no demand and quotations
continue largely nominal. Yellow, $1 12%@1 IS;
White. $1 15; Eastern, mixed, Jl 12V4 per ctl.
RYE— The market continues weak at £2H'5S5c
per ctl. with both farmers and shippers selling.
The crop outlook Is .so good that those farm
ers who have been holding are now letting go.
White, Jl 3Cffl SO; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25© 1 40 for Feed and $1350145 for Se*ed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed. U 17K@1 20;
for Seed, Jl 2531 30 pr ctl.
OATS— The .market drags along in the same
old rut and prices show no change from day
to day.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
70Hc; 2000, 70%c; 2000, 70»ic December— 2W0,
6S»ic.
Afternoon— May— 20C0 ctls, 70c. December—
20to. es^jc. •
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
¦ BARLEY— The market Is still characterized
by extreme dullness, and quotations are more
or less nominal. Offerings, however, are not
very large.
Feed. 75c for choice brlpht, 72V&S73?£c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. T7' / i4?S2Hc; Chevalier, nominal.
InformAl Session— "9:13 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 01. L>ecember— 2000. $1 0514.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
Jl 01. December— 2000. tl 00H.
Afternoon Session— l>ecember— 2000 ctls, $1 C5*».
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates are nominally
unchanged at 37s 6d©3Ss 9d, usual options. The
chartered wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 15,945, against 63,340 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 4000 tons,
agains't 4770; on the way to this port, 125,000
tons, against 161,600.
WHEAT — Yesterday was practically a closed
day In the Wheat trade, as the New York and
Chicago exchanges closed on account of Lin
coln's, birthday. The English markets were
about the same, bur Paris futures were higher.
The San Francisco market was dull, nominal
and unchanged, as might have been expected
with the Eastern exchanges closed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, S6'ic; milling, 9&\tC<&
$1 02>i per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Kxchangre. 60 days — $4 S5?i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 f?9V4
Sterling Cables -r- 4 90^,
New York Exchange. BiRht — 17Vs
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22*3
Silver, per ounce: — ei 1^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 10 <Q Cl
Exchange and Bullion.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session,
100 Best * Belcher 27 200 Ophlr 80
300 Challenge Con. 21 200 Ophir 79
100 Chollar 10 400 Ophir 78
150 Con Cal & Va..l 55 2C0 Overman 10
300 Crown Point... 16 400 Savage - 17
700 Gould & Curry. 40 300 Sliver Hill 43
100 Hale & Nor.... 20 300 Union Con 26
1C0 Mexican 27 D00 Utah 09
300 Mexican 2S
Afternoon Session,
Mornins Session,
1350 Best & Belcher 30 1C0 Mexican 30
100 Caledonia 77 150 Mexican 31
100 Challenge 22 1C0 Ophlr S3
300 Chollar 10 950 Ophir S3
8C0 Con Cal & Va..l C5 BW Overman 17
1250 Con Cal & Va..l 70 7C0 Potosi 07
100 Gould &" Curry. 44 COO Savage 19
300 Hale &. Nor.... 20 100 Slerca Nevada. 20
100 Hale & Nor j 21 1700 Union. Con 30
600 Mexican ....... 29 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
700 Andes 08 300 Gould & Curry 42
200 Belcher 19 200 Hale & Noro... 22
800 Best & Belcher 27 200 Hale & Norc... 21
200 Challenge Con.. 21 500 Mexican 2S
300 Chollar 10 SCO Ophir 82
100 Conlldence 80 300 Ophir ........... .9
BOO Con Imperial .. 02 400 Sierra Nevada. 18
3C0 Crown Point .. 17 1 .
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher -30 200 Ophlr 80
"00 Best & Belcher 31 100 Ophir 82
BOO Chollar 09 100 Ophlr 83
400 Con Cal & V.I m 400 Ophlr 84
4C0 Con Cal & Va..l Co 1000 Ophlr 8o
1C0 Con Cal & V.I 61M 700 Sierra Nevada. 20
200 Gould & Curry 46 200 Union Con 2S
100 Mexican ; 28 750 Yellow, Jacket.. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 12.
Did. Ask. Bid. Ask.
AlDhfl. 02 03 Justice ......... 07 C3
A lta 03 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes CS 09 Lady Wash — C2
Belcher 19 20 Mexican 30 SI
Be<»t & Belcher 30 31 Occidental ..... C6 07
Bullion ; 02 (MiOphlr S3 St
Caledonia, ...... 77 79 Overman 17 IS
Challenge Con. 2t 23 Potosi 07 08
Chollar 10 • H Savage IS 10
Confidence SO 85 Scorpion ....... — ' 04
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 20 21
Con New.Ynnt. 01 02 Silver Hill...... 42 43
Crown Point... 17 13 St Louis........ 05 10
Bureka Con.... 06 — Stancard .......4 25 • —
Kxchequer — C2:8yndlcate — 09
Gould & Curry. 46 47IUnlon Con 29 30
Hale '& Nor.... ' 21 23Utah ..'08 C9
Julia — 03, Yellow Jacket.. 30 32
WHEAT— Spot, dull: No. 1 California. 6s
2^d; No. 2 red Western, 5s ll%d; No. 1 North
ern spring. 6s 3d. Futures, quiet; February, 3s
lOd; March, 2s lOd; May. 2s S%4. *
LONDON. Feb. 12.— Silver. M l-16d; French
rentes lOIf 35c; cargoes on passage, steadier;
cargoes No. 1 standard California. 23s 7>4d;
English country markets, quiet.
UVERPOOL, Feb. 12.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, Ce 3d: wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, steady; weather in Enpland, frost.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 13-32d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Feb. 12.— Wheat; nothing doing
to-day, and pricea nominally unchanged. Blue
ett-m. £7^jc; club, E5c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Ore.. Feb. 12.— Wheat quota
tions remain nominal ar SlViffSSc for Walla
Walla.
Cleared: Bark La Rochefoucauld for
Queenstown with 1U.TS6 bushels of whaet.
OREGON'.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Ore.. Feb. 12.— Clearings, $311,
445; balances. $50,017.
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat— March. May.
Opening 6 ll*i S
Closing 6 11^ 6 11",
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. Apr. -May
<">rening 19 40 20 60
Closing 19 40 20 65
Flour—
Opening U PO 26 50
Closing «h 10 26 60
Portland's Business.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
<3at» last season, and rainfall in last 2i hours:
020th Meridian.. Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 12-5 P. m.
Weather Report.
"Currants are steadier. There is a fair trade
In cleaned currants in cartons. . A little busi
ness, is reported in unpeeled peaches in boxes
ct around s«c. and there is some buylns of aprl-
C"ts in a small way by jobbers. Dates are
fairly active at the present range of price?.
Prime evapcrared apples are dull at lower
prices, taks were reported yesterday at *Vic
end 4*»c. There are offerings of goods Just a
shade under prime at 4^c."
Mail rej»orts from New Tcrk Fay
"There Is rtUl on absence of any general
actix-ity In dried fruits and prices continue
largely in favor of buyers. The local market.
however. Is feeling a renewal of Inquiry for
loose California raisins from the Middle West,
where stocks are a?aln paid to be very light.
Although many holders ask 656^0 for 3-crown.
there are reported offerings at l\e. and BaJea
of two J.iV.-box lots were reported yesterday at
that quotation to co to a Western city. Prunes
continue to go out quite well to Jobbers, but
small orders are the rule. All sorts of prices
are obtainable and for large lots holders as a
general thing are disposed to meet buyers'
Ideas very quickly.
AYcc 1 York Dried Fruit Market.
"Farm work has been suspended during the
week, owing to the excessive rainfall, and in
Borne sections It Is reported that no furthet
irrsin, planting will t* possible, as the soil will
not dry out sufficiently in time for this work
to be done advantageously. In other sectlrms.
on the more sandy soiis. seeding will be i>—
fumpo shortly. It is rejK>rted that several
thousand acres of grain in San Luis Obisi>o
County have be^n washed out by the heavy
rains and replanting: will be necessary. Early
fonn grain continues (B excellent condition in
most |ilaces. but the later sown is needing
warmer weather and sunshine. Prospects are
stlil gc>od for large crops of wheat, barley and
nats. Pasturage is plentiful, but has maiie
slow growth during the week.
"Work In orchards and vineyards has been
temporarily susi-ended. Trees and vines are
In good condition and at ; resent the prospects
for heavy crops are excellent." .
"TCTipTaturfS considerably heloTr the nor
mal have prevailed in all par's of the State
during the week and severe fro?ts have oc
curred in many sections, but no damace to
cror* has rwn rer-orted. Rain has fallen ;:t
Interval* throughout the Ftate and In some
sections the precipitation has been unusually
heavy, causing rivers and creeks to overflow.
Bnow has fallf-n at many stations on the low.-r
l»veis and in the foothill and mountain dis
tricts the pnon-fall has been heavier thai
known for many years. Storage reservoirs in
some places have become full, and 4n other
sections are filling rapidly, giving assurance
of an abundant water supply for irrigation dur
ing the coming season.
The weekly rejicrt cf A. G. MrAdle. section
ilr^ctrr of the climate and crcp Fon-ice of the
¦Weather Bureau, Is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
LOVDOX, Feb. 12.— Atchison. ES: Canadian
Pacific, 94; Union Pacific preferred. 90\;
Northern Pacific preferred. 90*4: Grand Trunk.
S; Anaconda. 9 l j.
Bar silver, uncertain. IS l-16d per ounce.
Money. 3Vi©* l>er cent.
London Market.
of the treasury balances In the reneral fund.
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, 1144,515,559; gold, J75.SS1.947.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is . quotable as " follows:
Northern, free. 13@16c; Northern, defective 12®
14c;. Middle County. free.l5@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12S14c; " Southern Mountain. ¦ U
months', 9£fl6c; Southern Mountain, -. free, ¦ 7
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc 'under quotations. Heavy Salted
steers, 9H@10c; medium, 9c; light, 8@8V4c; Cow
Hides, 8Hc fer heavy and 8@$Hc for»llghf
Stags. 6<S£%c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9@
lCc: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 13U®16c-
Culls, 13'4@14c; dry Kip, 15<816c; Dry Calf. 16@
17c; culls and brands,. 14ijjl5c: Shfeepskins
shearlings, 20@3Oc >ach; short Wool, 30®50c
each; medium, eo@75c; long Wool, 75c©<1 each-
Horse Hides, salt, $2.60iJf2 75 for large and $2:8!
2 23 for medium, $1 25 for small "and 50c 'for
colts;. Horee Hides, dry. H 75 for', large, $1 &o
for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for -colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 70c; ' large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. , 4«,4@4?ic per lb:
No. 2, 4@4Uc; grease. 2@2Hc. ' - . .
The Hop market Is quoted firmly held by the
lecal trade. | Stocks are being steadily reduced,
ami are now about 1500 bales in the hands of
the growers In each of the three Pacific States,
or +500 bales In all. I The demand Is fair.
Wool continues dull and quotations are not
firm.
There is no change worthy of note In Hides,
the market being quiet.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 8Vic; three
half-barrels, Sc; one tierce, 7"4c; two tierces,
l\c; five tierces, 7*4c per lb. •
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at GWUWc per lb for
compound and 2',«c for pure; half-barrels pure
9U-c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. . 10Hc
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 11® 11 Vic 'per lb for
heavy, llH<312c for light medium, 12H@13c for
light, 13',i@14c for extra light and 15@15V»c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, . 12c;
Mess Beef. J12 per barrel; extra Mesa, |13;
Family, $14; extra prime Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear, $19 £0020; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
fer pound.
Dealers report a very quiet market for every
thing at unchanged quotations.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13Mj®14K-« for bright and 12',S
GIZc for light amber; water white extracted,
7^iiSc; light amber extracted, 6V£@7c; dark,
Cftti'/ic per lb. ".;;• ¦
BEESWAX— 24Q26e per lb. •
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
"ll-ompson'8 fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c p?r lb. Sultanas — Fancy, lOVJc per
lb; choice, 9'.4c; standard, 8%c; prime, Sc; un-
Meached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, EO-lb tiox*es,
S^c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6',ic; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. 5Hc, and
4-crown. l\ic; 6eeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce. oVic; choice, l"5-ounce,
C*»c; 12-ounce, 5',«c; London Layers, 2-crown,
$150 per box; 3-crown. $160; Fancy Clusters.
$2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points In California.
XUTS— Chestnuts. S^lCc per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1. eoftshell, 10c; No.* 2. 7',£c; No.
.1 hardshell, S'jc; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12@13c
frr xiapershell, 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts, 5
©6c for Eastern; 'Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts,
i;'c; Pecans, ll<913c: Coccanuts, $3 E0Q5.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c;
E0-4Cs, 7c; 40-50s. 6Vic; 50-60s. iy t c; 60-70s, 3*ic;
70-SCf, SUc; S0-90S, 2XC; 90-100s, 2%c; 100-120s,
l^ic;' rubies, >4<J premium; Sonomas %c and
Snn Joaquins ',4c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 1C0 and over, wlikrh stand the same. Apri
cots. CSSc for Royals and 10<ai0',iC for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4jlo>4c; suif-drled.
iVtViWl Peaches, 3#4c for standard, 3Vi(S5c for
choice, and RJ&®6tt<! for fancy; Pears, 2tf7c;
l'lums. pitted. 5(&6V4c; unpitted, l@l%e; Nec
tarines, 6©o%c for red and 5V4@"Cc for white.
Local dealers are quoting a neglected mar
ket for all descriptions quoted under this head,
though the demand for Prunes and Raisins is
elowly Improving in New York.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Four cars of Oranges will be put on to-day
at auction. The Orange market is net heavily
supplied, but the cold weather has been ruther
against the market. Lemons continue dull and
weak, but Limes lire firm, as recent receipts
¦u^re moderate.
The best grades of Apples continue firm and
In light supply.
DEC1DUOU8 FRUITS—
APPLES— R.'{£?C5c per box for common, 75c®
Jl MS for good to cholre and $1 75*^2 for fancy.
PEAKS— 6i.r«$l 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, Jll?2:
Feedline; 1 . Wcfijl; Tancarlnes. 75c(g$l b0: Jap
anese Mandarins. $1 50f/l 75; Lemons, 25cff?l 25
fcr common nnd $1 50©2 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. %\'U1\ Mexican Limes. $3 50: Cali
fornia Limes, 25(giOc; Bananas. T.ic'yJITo per
bunch; Pineapples. 73c®$2 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy. ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, j ; seconds.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 10c; choice,
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 1391614c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, ISc; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 17c; standard,
; peconds, .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Keg, per pound.
HL'TTER—
Creamery — Extras. 21c; firsts. 19c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds. ; dairy extras, . "
Pickle. per pound.
Kqceipts, as reported by the Dairy Ex
change, were 43,900 pounds Butter, 1167 cases
I'pgs and 3S0O pounds Cheese.
Prices for Butter. Cheese and Eggs remained
the eame yesterday. Receipts of all were
free. There are not many orders for elthsr
Butter or Eggs on the market at present,
hence stocks, particularly of the latter, are
liberal. T-he export demand tor Cheese Is also
light, so the market is dull all around. Stocks
of storage Butter are reported large, both here
ami up north, which tends to keep down the
consumption of the fresh praties.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50©l 73 for Valley and $2 50
for Mountain: Mallard. W35; Canvasback. $2 50
(53: Sprig. J2 50<Jf3; Teal, $2 60«?3; Wldpeon.
$2: Small Duck. $1 23^1 SO; Black Jack. Jl 50;
Gray Gwse. 50; White Geese. $l<i?l 50;
Brant, $1 60<ffl 75 for small and f2'5"2 50 for
large; Honkers. $3(f?4 50; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snlre, $1 60; Hare, tvgi 25: Rabbits. $1 50
for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves. 75c per
dozen; Wild Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen.
Game was In light receipt, only 83 sacks
coming in. and the market was firm.
One car of Eastern Poultry came In. making
four thus far this week.
Local Poultry continues In good shape for
sellers, young 6tock being particularly firm.
Hens and old Roosters are the least called, for
by buyers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. IOQ'IIc for Gob
blers and ll(J13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14f?16c; Geese, per pair, Jl 50^2; Goslings. $2 50
<3Z 73; Ducks, $3 50ff3 for old and 50 for
younp; Hens, $3 50^4 50; Youns Roosters. J5@
6; Old Roosters. $3 50@4 50: Fryers, ISO'S;
Broilers. $5(gj 50 for large and $3 50<??4 50 for
Email; Pigeons, JliSfl 50 per dozen for old and
$2 50ff3 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, ; Asparagrus,
from Sacramento, 15@3Oc per lb; from Ala
meda, ; Green Peas, 7@10c per lb; String
Beans, l5(g'2Oc; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes, Los
Angeles, 60cS$l 60 per crate; from Mexico,
J2 25@2 53 per crate; Egg Plant, .Los Angeles.
20c per lb; Green Peppers. Los Angeles, 23'2'30c
per lb for Chile and for Bell; Dried Pep
pers. 9®llc; Dry Okra, 10@15c per lb; Carrots.
So^SSc per box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 60tg2
per dozen; Summer Squash, Jl 75@2 per box;
Garlic, 3@3Hc per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20®
25 per ton; Mushrooms, 5@15c per lb.
Onlona are. firm at the advance. There Is no
further change In Potatoes. With tho excep
tion of Tomatoes, which are frostbitten. Veg
etables are selling at very good prices.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@75c; Burbanks,
35®G0c for River, $1@1 25 per ctl for Salinas
and €5c@$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, from
Oregon, 50>3>75c; Sweets, Jl@l Co; for Merced.
ONIONS— Jl 7»32 25 per ctl; Cut Onions, |1 25
per ctl.
60.000 pounds of large whit© Reans. Whether
It has riven any other orders Is not known to
the trade. Prices remain unchanged and tho
market Is reported dull. Seeds are neglected.
BEANS — Bayoa, $2 0002 75; Small Whit«.
$1 G0@4 SO; Large White. J4@4 25; Pink, $2 15®
2 33; Red, J3Q3 50; Blackeye. J3©3 25; Llmas.
$3 60(^3 70; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. $3 7S@'4 per ctl. ' #
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, Z\i«i
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, "HS^c; Rape, 2®
2&c: Hemp, 3\i<8Z\,c; Timothy, 6V4c. '
DRIEp PEAS— Nlles, |2@2 50; Green. 12 70
©3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange firm. Silver as before quoted.
Wheat market of a holiday character. Barley dull.
Oats and Corn inactive. Rye freely offered. ' .. ¦
Nothing nczi' in Beans and Seeds.
Bran still scarce and firm. Hay steady.
Onions steady at the advance.
Potatoes and Vegetables as before.
No further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs. •
Game in light receipt and firm. Young Poultry selling high.
Four cars of Oranges announced for to-day's aucticfa.
Oranges quiet, Lemons zveak and Limes firm.
Dried Fruit situation as before quoted.
Dealers quote a dull Provision market. $ •
Hops zi-ell held, with slowly decreasing stocks.
Mutton scarce and a fraction higher. Other meats unchanged.
Hides and Wool as previously quoted. '
Oil stocks selling moderately at easy prices.
Local stocks and bonds active and strong.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OREGON. ' -
Oats, ctls 6601 •
WASHINGTON. ' : "
Flour, qr aks.... 4,720 Middlings, sks ..
Oats, ctls 260
" ¦ ¦ .Mi 4 ¦•
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks 12,3G0!Hops. bales .55
Wheat. <"tls ...... 1.130: Hay. tons SSS
Barley, ctls 6.610 Lime, bbls 1S2
Oats, ctls 830 Wool, bales 11
Beans. Bks 649 Oulcksllver. flsks 25
Middlings, sks .. 2,655 Wine, gala 75.400
Corn, ctlt» .... Killyeather. rolls .... 114
Onions, sks 12lHlde8, No ...;... 183
Potatoes, ska 1.408 Pelts, bdls 26
Bran, sks 1,005
FOR MONDAV. FEBRUARY 12.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $16@17: extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $17©1S for No. 1 and {15Q
16 for No. 2; Lath. 4 1 feet. $3 B0@4; Pickets. $IS:
Shingles, $1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shake*, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
f20G26. .
Crushed. 6 25c; Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.?5c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.73c; Magnolia A, 6.S5c: Extra C.
5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; RO-lh bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than '.5
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. 6.50c; boxes, G.75c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7*4®
7}ic per lb; White Lead. 7®7?ic according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $47 5O04S 50 per- flask for lo
cal use and $45 for export. I »
SUGAR— The V?t stern , Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, per-lb. In 100-lb bags:
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 13c: Pearl OH,
case?. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star,
23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene, 21c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 14'/4c; cases, 20»ic; Benzine,
liulk, 13Uc; cases. 19^»c; S6-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c; caoes. 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 61c rx-r gallon in cases and
55c in drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. ¦ 1.
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
SOc; raw. TSc: cases, 5c more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 70c: cases, 75c;
China Nut, 6G'g66c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels, 65c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale OH. natural white, S7HQ42tt0 per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 35c: case?, 4Cc.
Salvador — 10S13Hc for good to prime washed:
S*iS9Vic for fair washed; llffl2V4c for good
to" prime washed peaberry; 9<S'->\c for good to
prime semi- washed; 8V4@S?i'c for superior un
washed; 8>ic for good green unwashed; 10fllO»4c
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6@7\i>c
for. common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 13@16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; 9»/4®12c nominal for fair to strictly
Kood washed; SfffS^c nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; KXglOVfcc nominal tor good to
prime unwashed peabefry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ISS'lSc for prime to
fancy washed: Iliffl2c for strictly pood washed;
1O4j1G?4c for good washed; 9(g9~»c for fair
washed; Sg^c for medium; 6<ff7»ic for in
ferior to ordinary; ll£13c for good to prime
washed "paberry: 10®10»4c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; 8»i®8*ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LKATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S®33o per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26S30c: Sole Leather, light.
2(Kg2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27<82Sc; Rough
leather, light, 25@i6c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32<JJ:r,Sc: Harness Leather. medium, 30Q37c;
Harness Leather,, light, SDijjSoc; Collar Leather,
15$7l6c per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40W50c per'-lb;
Veal, finished. Zflfc55c; Calf, finished. 73c@$l 20;
Sides, finished. I6@17c per foot; licit Knife
Splits, 14®16c; Rough Split.", SSlOc per lb.
TANBAItK- Ground, $:6<S2S per ton; Stick.
$l«@20 per cord.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12%c per lb;
Sisal Sizes and bale rope, 9c; Duplex, 8a
Terms, 60 dayg or IH per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c;
cases, regular. 4%c; cases, extra large, 6c;
c&ses. Eastern style, 694c: Boneless. 6c; "Nor
way." 6c; "Narrow Gauge," 6c; "Silver King,"
?Hc; blocks. "Oriental," 6V»c; blocks, "Sea
trlght," 6"*c; tablets 7c; middles, "Golden
State." 6c; middles. "White Seal." 8V4c; 5-lb
boxes. Fancy, Boneless, per lb, 9c; 2-lb boxes
Fancy. Boneless, per lb, 7c; Desiccated, per
flczen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Plclded Cod, half-barrels, each.. $4 25.
COFFEE— Costa i Rica— 13gUc nominal for
prime washed ;,--ll@12Vic nominal for good
washed; 12@13c nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; HS}"119ic nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10'.£igl2c for good to prime; 9'i
@10c nominal for good current mixed with
black beans; PifrlOc nominal for fair; 6@7*ic
nominal for common to ordinary.
BAGS-San Quentln Bags. $5T5; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6Hc; local make.
6%c; Wool Bags. 30@32i4c; Fleece Twine, 7J4c.
CANNED FRUIT-Extras in 2V4-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, Jl CO;- Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne: Grapes, $1 35:
Peaches, . 65@1 75; Pears. $1 85: Plums, $1 3o#
1 40; Quinces. $1 65; Strawberries, $1 75.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, 19; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $3 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 15 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $io per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$* 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 60 per ton, according: to
brand.
General Merchandise.
Mutton Is the scarcest article on the list at
the moment, and prices are a fraction higher.
Beef and Veal are In moderate supply and un
changed. » — -I vals of Hogs continue llgrht and
quotations rule firm. ' ...
BEEF— 7gsc for Steers and 637%c per lb
for »ows.
VEAL— Lcrge, 7@8c; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTOX-Wethers. 10@10V4c: Ewes. 10c per
pound.
LAMB— ll@12V4o per lb; spring. 12>i@15c per
pound. ¦:,.-i™.-,-Z~ ,«,
PORK-Llve Hogs 606Hc for small and 6®
6Hc for medium and 5*i@5vfl for large; stock
Hoirs. 5@5»'.<f- feeders. 5%@5',4c; dressed Hogs,
7H@9c. ' .
months" 11012c; Southern Mountain.' defective.
7 ' months', 9@ilc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
®17e: Nevada. 13016c per lb. '. :_,
¦ Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6>4®8e: do lambs ... f®
9c; Middle County. 9® 10c; Northern Mountain.
free. io@iic; . Southern Mountain, 7%iSSV4c.
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS-15@20c per lb.
v San Francisco Meat Market.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 12—2:30 p. m.
Morning: Session.
Board —
. 400 American Fuel 18'
. 60 American Fuel 25
100 Bear FJagr 43
60 Bear Flag •. 42
60 Bear Flag: 45
. 60 Caribou 80
100 Caribou : . •TS
150 Caribou .¦ 75
1E0E1 Dorado 2 O2V4
400 Four Oil Co 63
23 Four Oil Co fS
160 Four Oil Co ., 60
200 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River SO
200 Home Oil 4 S3
200 Independence 14
200 Junction ."r*. .;.. 81
700 Junction 80
. IPO Junction 79
' 100 Junction .: 78
iOOO Lion Oil Co 22
20 Los Angeles O & T Co 4 00
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 29
100 McKlttrick Consolidated : 21
650 Monarch of Arizona S3
70 Monarch of Arizona 82
615 Monte Crlsto 2 50
100 Occidental of West Virginia 71
25 011 City Petroleum 36 00
25 Peerless 8 75 ¦
6WW> Petroleum Center 20
104 Pan Jooquln Oil & Dev 12 50
60 Stcrllnit O & D Co 3 20
£0 Superior 31
GO Twenty-Eight 2 20
250 Twenty-Eight 2 \1\i
100 West Shore 4 £0
Street—
100 Rex 73
100 Peerless (B 30) 9 CO •
Afternoon ' Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 75 •
100 El Domdo , 2 02>4
3C0 Four OH Co £9
25 Home Oil 4 35
fO Homestake 9 CO
200 Junction : '...• 75
10O Junction 72
100 Kern Oil Co .-. 11 75
100 Lion OH Co 23
200 Monarch of Arizona 83
4C0 Monarch of Arizona ......; 82
. 100 Monarch of Arizona SI
10O Monarch of Arizona 78
200 Monte Cristo 2 r,5
550 Occidental of West' Virginia 71
10 Oil City Petroleum 36 00
3500 Petroleum Center 21
66C0 Petroleum Center 20
1000 Reed Crude OH Co " 6?
23 San Joaquln OH & I>ev 12 FO
2<O Sunset (original) 3*
1300 Superior 22
200 Superior . 31
1300 Superior 80
6C0 Wolverine 1 5( >
600 Wolverine. (B 6)...: 150
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE,
Mornins Session.
' ' - Board —
70 Cal Safe Depostt .....103 50
35 Contra Costa "Water. 68 75 .
. 25 Contra Costa "Water.... 69 25 ,
100 Contra Costa Water 69 E0
200 Contra Costa' Water 70 00
10 Contra Costa Water 69 .o
. 100 Hana Plantation Co 8 •»
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 105 50
EfiO Honokaa S Co 32 62V.
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 S7&
63 Kilauea Buear P Co , 23 25
275 Makawell ..• '. ** j->
10 Market-street Railway 69 50
J20OO Oceanic S S Bonds 1CS 25
100 Paauhau S P Co 33 75
50 R F Gas & Electric, a JO.. 48 75
125 S F Gas & Electric, s 90 43 00
125 S F Gas & Electric 43 00
$4000 S F & S J V Bonds .......120 50
$2000 S P of A Bonds... 112 0O
30 S V Water 92 50
2S V Water 92 00
Street—
$3000 Market-street R It Con 6s 123 25
. " Afternoon Session.
100 Cal Safe Deposit.: 105 BO
75 Equitable Gas 3 12V*
60 Giant Powder 8* 60
ISO Giant Powder 85 00.
150 Hana Plantation Co 8 75
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 105 50
250 Honokaa S Co ,. 32 75
250 Hutchinson S P Co. !.... 2S 00
630 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 50
200 Onomea Suear Co.. 29 00
325 Paauhau S P Co :.. 24 00 ,
SO Pacific Gas Imp : 44 00
1 > 10 Pacific Gas Imp 45 00
$1000 S F & S J V Bonds 120 50
" 75 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 43 00
60 8 F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 49 60.
110 8 V Water 92 60 .
10 S V Water 92 62%
Cal Wine Aen.100 — IPac C Bor Co.155 —
Her Ex Assn.. 100 — iParff Paint Co 12tf —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESbAY; FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
8
S.. M.IT.^W.IT.IF. IS.
"T ~ ~T": ~T ~T ~T| ~T
lo" IT IT IT 1* is r i«
/I^\ : F*ull ' Moon,
vy February I.
Moon's .Phases.
if? Last Quarter,-
February 11.
10
— i 1
17 IS 13 M n 22 |
"iTlTir 27 28
!5"l
•• I gb. New ! Moon.
23 18.
"ft First Quarter,
1 ""!J*< February 25^
STOCKS. . | Bid. I Asked.
STOCKS.
American Fuel & Oil Co 25 2S
Duckhorn — 3 60
Kurllngton s. — 16
California-Standard 33 39
Caribou 75 76
Cal Oil & Ga».... '. 1 2J —
Centtiry •"• •• — ;'•»*
Continental — 100
Kl Dorado ;.„ 2 02H —
Four Oil Co £9 W
Han ford-Fresno-Kern River... — US 00
Home OU - * 33 4 40
Homestake — 9 00 y
Independence IS 19 !
Kern Oil — UW
Uon Oil Co . 22 23
Ixin Angeles O & T Co 3 oO 4 oO
Monarch of Arizona "6 —
Hear FlaR <3 47
Central I'oint — 2 6( >
Ulnda .Vista. 1 J —
McKlttrlck , - ,,31
Thirty-Three Oil Co 12 50 13 00
Monte Crlsto - *'Vt 2 5a
Occidental of W Va .1 <2
Petroleum Center 20 Zl
Peerless — 8 (5
Reed Crude 63 63
IHan Francisco & McKlttrick.. — 2 00
gan Joanuln O & Co 12 37Vi . 12 oO
Shamrock — »»¦
Sterlins O & D Co 3 2j 3 V)
Senator 2 f. «. g
Superior i"rfi ,52'
Twenty-Eight-. J« . »
Westshore , ••• * 50 4 60
Westlake — *3
Wolverine •••• — 23
Yukon " I w I K ¦
• ¦
STATI'
)XS.
Last
24 Hours
| Thin
'i Season.
I Last
j Season.
a'
a:
jreka ...
*d Bluff
icramento
:n Franci 1
¦
isr
... Trace I
I 31.52
13.11
13.76
14.53
35.15
15.23
13.63
14.57
i«
¦e«no
m Luis C
>e Ajigele
in Diego
r>t-
e
blspo..
i
9. SO
4.(3
56.68
13.53
S.SO
6.15
2.03
12.50
2.C5
S.. M.IT.^W.IT.IF. IS.
"T ~ ~T": ~T ~T ~T| ~T
lo" IT IT IT 1* is r i«
/I^\ : F*ull ' Moon,
vy February I.
Moon's .Phases.
if? Last Quarter,-
February 11.
10
— i 1
17 IS 13 M n 22 |
"iTlTir 27 28
!5"l
•• I gb. New ! Moon.
23 18.
"ft First Quarter,
1 ""!J*< February 25^
STATI'
)XS.
Last
24 Hours
| Thin
'i Season.
I Last
j Season.
a'
a:
jreka ...
*d Bluff
icramento
:n Franci 1
¦
isr
... Trace I
I 31.52
13.11
13.76
14.53
35.15
15.23
13.63
14.57
i«
¦e«no
m Luis C
>e Ajigele
in Diego
r>t-
e
blspo..
i
9. SO
4.(3
56.68
13.53
S.SO
6.15
2.03
12.50
2.C5
STOCKS. . | Bid. I Asked.
STOCKS.
American Fuel & Oil Co 25 2S
Duckhorn — 3 60
Kurllngton s. — 16
California-Standard 33 39
Caribou 75 76
Cal Oil & Ga».... '. 1 2J —
Centtiry •"• •• — ;'•»*
Continental — 100
Kl Dorado ;.„ 2 02H —
Four Oil Co £9 W
Han ford-Fresno-Kern River... — US 00
Home OU - * 33 4 40
Homestake — 9 00 y
Independence IS 19 !
Kern Oil — UW
Uon Oil Co . 22 23
Ixin Angeles O & T Co 3 oO 4 oO
Monarch of Arizona "6 —
Hear FlaR <3 47
Central I'oint — 2 6( >
Ulnda .Vista. 1 J —
McKlttrlck , - ,,31
Thirty-Three Oil Co 12 50 13 00
Monte Crlsto - *'Vt 2 5a
Occidental of W Va .1 <2
Petroleum Center 20 Zl
Peerless — 8 (5
Reed Crude 63 63
IHan Francisco & McKlttrick.. — 2 00
gan Joanuln O & Co 12 37Vi . 12 oO
Shamrock — »»¦
Sterlins O & D Co 3 2j 3 V)
Senator 2 f. «. g
Superior i"rfi ,52'
Twenty-Eight-. J« . »
Westshore , ••• * 50 4 60
Westlake — *3
Wolverine •••• — 23
Yukon " I w I K ¦
• ¦
RAILWAY TBAVET*
SWIFT
AND
SPLENDID
To Chicago over the Santa Fe
You go In hours— 73
California
Limbed
I P
aomraxuM p«nnt! cojfriiT.
lr*cirtc it «tim.>
Trml^ ¦•¦>••> —_.i ___ «_ * _«
MAN I'KA >• !•«< O.
" (MalnU:.e, Foot of llariet Street)
*¦¦*?• - '*om Jaxcakt L 19CL — 4*it»i
7»»Oa Ber«lcU. SiiUun, Eirair*. VmcattUa,
Roniwy and s«cr*oi«nto 7i4Tp
TtSOA thtTls. Woo<ll»ud. Knight* Ltsdlai.
JlarjsfiJle. «>ru»li!« 7«lSp
T:30* AUautio liiyr-ss— i >^-l O ii aad Kaat 12; 15?
S:OU a Martinez. S»n U%mi<u, V*H^. ,. Kkp^
(;»lUtoga %tal S»ut» Una»". Oil.ip
8:OOa SQea. LlTermore. Tticj. r^th-or.
Stockton 7il3r
SiSOa Shasu | iprpu-DtTia, WilUims (tor
Uartlctt Sprlap), WiUowt, U*l
Bluff. PortUnd. ?i4Sr
¦ tS»A Ra>i .(use. lirermott. Htocktiu. {>
: , - ; - Ioti«. ««»»i"nito. PUertflUe.
M*ry»»lll«. Chloo. Ue.1 llhur 4:tti-
«:3<»» Omkdale, Chinese, bonora, Carters... 4:l.1r
U:»l»* HuTwanls. Niirs»od YVaj Stations. I |;|.i 4
U:uu a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracr. Latlirnp. rttocktna. Merced
Fresno »nil Lo« Angele* T:l.tp
»::i«>* V«Il,j... JUrtl.if* IM W«» Htailo... a: ».-j ; .
lOiOtta Tho Ofeilaiul Ll'nlted— Ogdeu, Una-
v«r, U'tiaba. Chicago tllf
11:OOa Sillrs, Stockton. Hocrameuto, M«n-
dola. Fresao. Haafurd, VIa»:!*»
rort««i!la «|13*
lliOO* Iirermnro. 8au(re». Goehea Jan»
Uon. Uikersfield. Los Angsles
f!:nOr Sacrain»nt<> ISItm St«*mef» t 3 >0fl4
.lioop H«7<r«riU, Nile* and Way KUtion*. 3: l.i f
4i««p M«rtiii««, hull lUinon. Vallejo,
Nana. Cali«l»i{», Smita ItoM Uil
4>oer BeuicU. Winters. Haoraiuentow
V,'u.«lla.i.:, KnlihU l^uidlDg.
MtTjmWr. OroTlKa 10: II*
4iSop H»yw«^d^ M!e» an<l San Jo«e...... ?»i«'!a
5:OOp NUes, lifermore, Stockton. Lodl ... 10:154
«3<«Or Buneet Limited. El Pajo. N«w
Orle*a» and Kijt «»»«13*
3:O«rTho Uwl Limited— Tracy. Fiesno.
lUkersdeUI. Haujii* for Sauta B»t-
btira, Ix>s AD«el«a ltiM*
S:oor Ka* Orlean* Expreis-IIakenn«l(L
Haiita llarli»ra, l.im Angile*. ihrjt.
Int. El r»io. Haw Otlsaua anil
Ka«t • 7»4i»»
A:AOp Hayirarda, Mien and Han Jcl9 "'¦* "» »
t«i©Or Valleji. Ili«4
ttiOttr Oriental M»ll-O.Jen. Cbeyenaa.
Omaha. Cblciga 13tl3p
«:OOr Oriental lUil— OgJen. Denter.
Omaba. Chlmao. 4il5r
7«O»p Oregon ami California Riprsu. H«> .
rainetitu. M»ryi»ll!e. J:«<Ming,
-¦'" l'nitliinil, riifet Hoiimt ami Kail Sl«3a
*>o.i r San Pablo. F»r» Cost*. Martlaea
and W>| StaUoiia *lt4."»*
!<;O3r V>JI>]r» 1t*3r
COAST DIT1SIO.1 (larrow (iange).
•.:-• (Fot)lnt Market Street.)
•siaaNewark.CVnterTlIle.^aj.ioao, Feltoo.
liotilder Creak.Sauta Crux and Way
SUtluim ••»•»
tailSr Newark. CauterTille, San Jote, New
Alnudan, Fellon, llouldar Creek. -
Santa Crus aad l'zloelcal Vi*t
SUtiOHS I'!*??*
4il»p Kewartr. San Jos«, IxsGatos Siao* .
«»i«Or Hunter*' Exsniaion, San Joso aad »
Way Stations t7t««y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtasn rimcisco— rnt »r uu'm zifns.it D—
t7:15 *:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 ' t:00 IrlSp m.
From Oakland— root ot Broadway.— fi » t>:W
13:C0a.m. 12:00 t:00 4:00p.m.
CO 1ST I»JTIM«5 (Broad flaage).
(Thlr.l »i>d Tovrnneml St».)
tO:UU (Jcean View, douth nan r'ranciacu.. flilWf
itOOA 8aii Jo«e a.ul Way SUtl.ms (New
Almatlen Wei!i>e*daj*only) ltSOy
••••« Han J.»«. Tree lino.. Hant» Cn».
raeiCe 4>n>ia. l'asn Ruble*. Han
I.iils OI>ia|H>. Surf. Lompoo and
Principal War Statltim 4il«»
|o:io» Saa Ji>ee and Way HtaUoua. JliSSa
I lia«»A Hau J.»e ».«« Wajr SUUoin ........ O«»«»r
rit-iir Han Matro. Kedwocxl. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Banta Clara. Ban Jom.
Tres Plnos. 8anU Crux, Sallnaa. •
Monterey ami I'acillo Ciroru tl*'* !t '>*
ts.snr Sao Jo.sa.id Way Stallone 7: ?' >f
t4:l3r San Joaeau.J Principal Way .Stallone Oi43a
*3:OOrSan Joae, Loa Gatoe and Priuclpal
Way SUUona f9:««»a
StSRp SanJLnte ami Principal Way Stations N:3-1a
H::i«r dan Joisaurt Way Stations f<:»»%
all»4.%p8an Jo»»an.l Way Stations ?»3OP
A for llorninr Plor A f Utnoon.
t Snnday eic«pted. I tmadaj ODtV.
t Monday*. Wednesday*, Tridays.
c TuMdaya. Thnndajt, Soadaji.
a Saturday only. - .
CALIFORNIA NORTflVESTERN RY. Ca
LESSSS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NQfiTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Mar'<et St.
' Knn Frnncisco to Son Kufnei.
TIBURON FKRBT— FOOT OF MARKET ST. '
WEEK DAY&-7:*;. t:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:15. 1:19.
>:10. 1:10 p. m. Thur»day»— Extra trip at 11 :*»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:W aad
U:S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 1 :30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. 1:10, 5:Mw
1:20 d. m.
•San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:W. 7:50. 1:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:tf.
1:43. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra tripa at 1:&S
and t:3S p. m.
EUNDATS-s:W, l:«o, 11:10 a. m,; 1:40. »:«, S:Q«.
C:2S p. m.
Between Saa Francisco and Schaetzaa Paxa.
same schedule aa above.
I*eave I In ESect I Arrlrs
Ban Francisco. | Nor. 7. 1900. | Saa Francisco.
Week I Ean- I J Sun- I Wee*
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Norato. 10:40 am 3:40 anx
1:20 pm »:30am Petalurna. 1:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:S pm «:22 om
Fnlton. ¦¦'
1 -M am Windsor. 19:i3aa
Healdaburs;
t Lytton.
Geyservllle.
t:JO pm »:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm <:23 pta
7X0 ami I Hopland I j
1 »:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:C pta
7 -20 am Vi'JZ am
1:00 am Guercsvllle. 7:15 pas
g:30 pm 6:22 pm
1:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 9:13 ami s:40 am 4
and '¦•
1:19 pm S:C0pm Olen Ellen. <:05pm|t:Cpm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amll0.25 am
S:30 pm| S:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm[ »:M pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
EpriEgs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurla: at Lytton for. Lytton Springs: «
GeysenrM* fcr Sluggs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelaeyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and BarUsK
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. W tter
BprlDga. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter »»«lsy.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bueknell j.
Sanhedrln HelRhts. Hullville. Or£a Hot Sprlnga.
Mendoclno City. Kort Brag*. WMtport. Uaal.
Wllletts, La-ytonvtlle. Cummlngs. Bell iSpriniv
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Bcotla and Eureka.
Baturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r#-
d^3n d B "da'ya. round-trip tickets to aa potats
beyond Ean Rafael at half »»«•";__,_.- K,, nA _
Ticket office. «30 Market st.. Chronicle brxflc*.
i.« It. A. KXA.i,
H. C WH1TINO. O' 0 - Pa » Alt.
• , G«n. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via SausaUto Ferry—Foot of Uaiket Sl
, Ban man ' «»it»»'"».
?«p-- \~ — WEEK DATS -I «=S?:2:
4loopl mI) Stay over nlghtat the mus (10:35 a.m.
8*00 A Ml I ' : ™'.'l'
«iSi : M^— i— SUNDAYS *g£*
I-IjTm') 15:S5p.m.
Fare San Francises to Summit and Rstnrn. $1.40.
Ticket OfiSces. 621 Market St., A Sansallto Ferry.
./^%^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fl -jm 6129 KEABST ST. EstablUhed
fcf*-*^^?,>1 1" l"3-» Jar the treatment nf ITivatav
JBJ (V mVf r>l'f use*,- I.o*t ilannood. Debility orM
IlirfflSEfcaciispas'* wearing on body and mind ana
Dis?ase3. The Docwrcnreswiiea
others fall. Try him. Chanre* low.
« ruaranlffil. Callorwrll*.
Dr. J. *'- UIBBOa.'bau Francisco. Cal. _
OCEAN TlRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
c» v Steamers leave Broadway '
fijv «harf? San Francisco:
IkJS*-^ For Ala.«kan Ports— U a. m..
¦ t^@)a. Feb - 10 - 13 - 20 - **' March J -
B FtS?K3cC3'y Change to company's it>amcra
I n ftg^, BS&n?5 at Seattle.
1 R^^3|f4^\g For v 'ctoria. Vancouver (B.
1*005*3^1^1 C -^ Port Town«end. Seattle.
r^**^ffiFi^i Tacoma. Kverett, AnacortM
and New Whatcom (W»sh.V-
n 11 a. m.. Feb. 10. 15. 20. 25.
March 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company** steamers
for Alaska and G. N". Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
ccma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1 p. m.. Feb. 12.
17. 22. 27. March 4. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
tara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loi An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ran Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo>. Gavi-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Ntwport— Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.;
eteamer Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For F-nsennda. Magdalena Bay. San 3rmm del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosal'a
end Guayrnas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. ¦
The companr reserves th- right to eh.^nire
steamers. salUnff dates and hours of aalllng
without previous notlpe.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street {Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO . G«n. Air*.*.
10 Market St.. Sin Franclico.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST ETEAMEH3 TO
DP O !R T H. -A.2STD
Krom 8pear-«treet XVTiarf at 11 a. m.
CADC * 12 Flrs * Clasi Including Berth
IMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Balls Feb. 1?. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 9
Short Lino to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all "points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Asrent,
. 630 Market st.
TOYO KISJLN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVK WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki nnd Shanghai, and
ronnectlng at Hongkong: with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
nf saillnir.
6S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. Februarv 19. 1301
PP. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday, March 15, 1901
SSf» HONGKONG MARU .'
Tuesday. April 9. 1*M
Round-trip tickets ot reduced rates. For
frelsrht nnd passage apply at company's ofllce,
4*1 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
IfiKW Y0KK. SOUTHAMPTON.' L0HD03. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever" Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb. 2<i«t. Louis March 13
New York Feb. 27 New York March 20
Vaderland March 6l Vaderland March 27
RED STAR LINE; '
New York and Antwen*.
From New 1 York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Vocrdland Feb. 2f>l Westernland ..March IS
Friesland Feb. 27 Kensington ...March n
Southwark ...March 6lNnordland ....March 27
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION' COMPANY.
U . CIIAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Aient Pacific Coast.
. 20 Montgomery street.
VVVIiUIV <7« V 90 V DiRECrLISHToTAMlH
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday. February 14, at 9 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA ( Honolulu only> • ¦
.....:..: Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p.m.
J. D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents. 327 Market St
gaol Paswger Otfia, 643 H*riet St., Pkr la. 7, Padfl; St
PANAMA R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. JJ1O5: Steerage,
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st., at I p. m.
Freight and pawngrr cfRce. 330 Market at.
. f. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COMPANIA 80D AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
2 Seawall. Salllne: .
c's PALENA • February 20. 1901
ks' COLOMBIA March 7. 1901
t^' TITCAPEL March 20> 1901
II ARE&UIPA April 4. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
DassenKer office. 31? California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agerrta.
C0MPAGNIS QENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT WNE TO HAVRE-PARIS ¦£*£*
Saillnc every Thursday, instp^d of <QyO23
Saturday. -at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ~~~ m *T ! *
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre J45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson buildins). New York. J.
F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacinc Coast Agent!". 5
Montgomery avenue. Snn Francisco. Tickets
pold by. all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
"bay and river steamers.
"^fOrUrsTHAVnARD AND VALLEJO.
Stea-*er "*'o»'t!cell»."
MON.. Tups., Wed., Than, and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. on. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1S0S.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'dlOvrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. I Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran T:20a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:2>>p 2:33 p 3:05 a
•• Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27-p 6:06a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
11 Kan. City 2:U a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a..m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeptnjr Cars and Dining
Cars throych to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding: train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 D. m. is the Overland Express,- with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
re*pondlng train arrives at i":55 p. m. daily.
7:20 n. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S^ 1 ) a. m. dally.
Offices— C41 Market street and In -Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 111S Bread way, Oak-
i land. ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
y : : V,Yt€ S*u»<jHt© F«rry. • *
Commencing September 30 1900
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:K;. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:45.
3 IS 400 E:15. "6:15. «:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael on Mondays.,- Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m. •
SUNDATS-'SiCO. "10:00. '11:30 a. in.. »1:15.
5:13, »4:45. 6:30, 9:C0 p. m. •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAM [FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:30. 7:45. »:30 a. m..
•12S0 1:45. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :».••»:». '10:00. '11:45 a. m..
»l-40 '2:15. 4M3. '6:30 p. m. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK. DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35 ' 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
ind Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:0a a. m.. 12:05, 2:15. 1:30,
5:00, 6:45 -p. .an. - •
f THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week , days— Cazadero aad way
stations. .
..-.1:45 .p. • m. Saturdays— Tomale* and way
stations. *
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.The Century Cotillon Club is an organi
zation composed mostly of students of
the Berkeley Commercial College. When
the members planned for their dance they
ordered 123 Invitations and 250 tickets. It
seems that some one raised the order for
•tickets to 500 and took the extra 250. which
are now in circulation. The members of
the club vow vengeance on those who did
the deed, and declare that If they are
found out they will, be expelled from the
organization.
. The' officers of the club are: President,
Edward Thomas; vice president. Charles
Lee: secretary. Miss Pearl Hlgglns; treas
urer, Henry Wilson. Among the prom
inent members are: Miss Louise Wright,
Miss Gertrude HIggins, Miss Elsie Mlddle
hoff, Miss Ida Turner. Miss Belle Brain
ard, William Turner, Leo Putzker, Philip
Levy. Charles Sleeper. Earle Mlddlehoff,
Charles Montgomery, Archie Taber, Ralnh
Chase and Lloyd Hawley. • .
BERKELEY, Feb. 12.— There Is Internal
warfare In the Century Cotillon Club. It
is accused that some of the members have
appropriated two hundred admission tick
ets to the cotillon which will be held
Thursday evening in the opera-house. The
members. In Indignation meeting assem
bled, voted that admission tickets be not
honored at the door, but that Invitations
themselves must be presented. In this
way they hope to keep out, thoso who
have secured tickets only.
Many Unauthorized Admis
sion' Tickets Out for
the Cotillon.
MUST PRESENT
THE INVITATION
¦ ANGELS CAMP, Feb. 12.-Percy Pucker
and a youth named Saber, while on a
hunting excursion yesterday, discovered .a
number of dynamite caps in^a cabin and
not being aware of the dangerous nature
of their find, exploded one. Pucker Is
suffering from ' a lacerated forehead and
may loso the Eight of one eye..
Injured by Dynamite.
AU8T.IN.Tex., Feb. 12.— A dispatch from
Marfa, Tex., says: , Representatives of
the Rothschilds syndicate who have been
In the new quicksilver district of this sec
tion of the State for several months have
secured an option on all the principal
quicksilver' mines here, . and several im
portant deals for the purchase "of mines
have already been closed. The amounts
Involved In the purchase of several prop
erties up to this time aggregate over ?o00,
000,
State of Texas.
Rothchilds Acquire Rich. Property in
BUY QUICKSILVEE MINES.
DENVER, Feb. 12.— The announcement
was mado here to-day for the first time
by Signor Domenlcino Rusbo and Slgnor
ina Estefana Collamarini that they are
husband and wife. As man and wife they
laugh and sing over the footlights as Don
Jose and Carmen. They i were quietly
married In San Francisco five months ago
and now they are singing "Carmen" to
gether here, and Don Jose kisses Carmen
when he pleases, regardless of the lines.
The courtship, they say, lasted four
years. Until last summer Collamarini
was cool toward the tenor and turned her
head and stamped her foot In anger when
he became too persistent. lie followed
her everywhere. They were engaged by
th« Lambardi Italian Opera Company and
traveled through South America and
Mexico. : She finally left the company
hoping to lose him. but he followed her.
She returned to the company, so did
Russo; she ran. so did Russo; she insisted
Russo persisted, po they were married *
To prove that his love has not- been
cooled by marriage, Russo Is madly jeal
ous. When Collamarlni received a bou
quet from an admirer In Victoria, B. C
the dispatches say the tenor struck her
as they were .in the elevator on the way
to their room at a hotel.
LOTTERY MEX FIXED.— William Johnson
was yesterday fined J10O by Ju<l(re Cab&nlsa for
keeplnK a lottery plac». at 2n* Pine »tre«t. ahd
Charles Allen was fined *30 for being a visitor.
TENOR RUSSO AND COLLAMARINI
ANNOUNCE THEIR MARRIAGE
Say They Were Secretly Made Husband and Wife
in San Francisco Five' Months Ago.
Henry Martin Made Grwk Consul.
Henry Martin. ex-Sheriff and gran!
treasurer of the N. S. O. W.. Is the redp!
ent of new honors. He has been appoint
ed Corisul for Greece In this city and ha*
already entered upon the discharge of the
duties of his office. Although be w«3
recommended for this position several
months ago the commission from h!3 Maj
esty King George cf Greece formally In
vesting him- with authority did not r.rrtv©
until last Monday.
McKenzie Must Pay Costs of Trial.
Alexander McKenzIe. ex-receiver of
Nome mines, and now undergoing Im
prisonment for contemm. had more
trouble plle<l upon his head yesterday In
the she*** of an order issued by tho
United "States Circuit Court of Appeals
directing him to pay all the costs of tha
contempt proceedings In the cases of
John I. Tornanses vs. Mousing et al. and
William A. KJellman vs. Henry Rogers.
The order Is based on the faqt that Me-
Kenzie made no settlement with parties
concerned in these cases. The costs
amount to about $1000.
Do the, Russian Government regulations have
euch a bearing upon the facts of the cate as
to bring Russian sugar within the intent of
the said law as disclosed by its terms? While
the question of Its initiative lies with the
administration of the Treasury Department,
the question is of a judicial rather than of
k.n administrative character, and Its import
ance demands determination by a judicial
Uibunal. The Board of General Appraisers
constitutes such a tribunal, and from Its de
cictons appeal may be taken to the. United
States ct#rts. .
As an admlnlsUative officer It Is my duty
to determine questions of doubt in favor of
the Government, the more so that if I err In
that direction the error can be readily cor
rected by a competent tribunal upon protest
and appeal by those adversely affected, while
if by any action the Interests of the Govern
ment are Injuriously affected there is no rem
fn the present case there seems to be no
other proper course than the one you are here
by Instructed to pursue. - It ought to bring the
whole question promptly before a body con
stituted to hear and determine disputed ques
tions of fact and of law. — •
Th« Jurisdiction of the Board of General
Appraisers to determine similar questions has
now been sustained by the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals, in the case of the
United States vs. the Hills Brothers Company,
decided on February 8, 1901 (unpublished), and
if appeal be taken from my ruling to that
body it will be your duty to facilitate in every
v.ay a prompt and final adjudication of such
appeal. ¦.¦-..¦ .
Russia, on the other hand, protests with
great vigor that by no. act of hers Is any
bounty or grant paid or bestowed on the ex
portation of sugar. It Is .represented that
Russian sugar Is sold for export at prices
considerably below the cost of production and
this phenomenon appears to be in some de
giee due to the regulation of the sugar in
dustry of that country by the Russian Gov
ernment.
In the present case the facts are involved
and the conclusions to be drawn from them
are correnporidlngly difficult. At the confer
ence of delegates on the question of sugar
bounties, held in Brussels in June, 1898, the
Belgian and Austrian delegates contended that
the Russian .Government regulations resulted
in an 'ndirect bounty on sugar exported equal
to the difference between the price (exclusive
of excise tax) of sugar sold in that country
for home consumption and the price of cugar
eold for export.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The Secretary
of the Treasury has imposed a counter
vailing duty of 64 kopecks, or about 32
cents, per pood (a little over thirty-six
pounds) on all refined sugars Imported
into the United States from Russia. Fol
lowing Is the order, addressed to O. L.
Spaulding, assistant secretary in charge
of customs:
You will Instruct collectors and other of
ficers of the customs that in pursuance of tho
provisions of section 5 of the act of July 24,
U»7 the amount of the bounty or rrant paid
or bestowed by Russia on -the export of sugar
is hereby declared to be 64 kopecks per pood
of refined sugar and that an additional duty
equivalent to such amount must be assessed
and collected under said section 5 of the act
of July 24. 1897. .
After Quoting the act the letter pro
ceeds:
Secretary of the Treasury
Issues Order to That
Effect.
RUSSIAN SUGAR
DUTY IS FIXED
— . — • — _ ¦ •
It Is now Incumbent upon A. E: Lovett
to resign from the Sari Francisco Fly
Castlng Club. By a vote of 42 to 2 he was
last night found to be an undesirable
member of the organization, and his resig
nation must follow.
Such was the result of the Investiga
tion into the charges made against Lovett
by Walter D. Mansfield, president of the
club. The executive committee had pre
viously decided that Mr. Lovett was In
disfavor, and the meeting held last even
ing in the California Hotel was for the
purpose of voting- on the findings of the
committee. The meetlns was a torrid
one. Several times during the three
hours' session the lie was passed and the
voices of tho members were heard- in
waim debate.
The specific chargos against Lovett
were that he had tamuered with Mr.
Mansfield's .paraphernalia during the.
journey from this city to Chicago, where
Mr. Mansfield was entered to compete In
the championship tournament. Mr. Lov
ett was further charged with unsports
manlike conduct, and he came to ;he
meeting last night ready, he declared, to
disprove the charges. He- was defended
by Merton C." Allen, whose eloquence was
all in vain. The committee had investi
gated the charges veFy thoroughly.
Shortly before midnight a ballot was
taken and the vote stood 42 In favor of the
findings and 2 against them.
Lovett Declared Undisir
able Member by the Fly-
Casting Club.
ASKED TO TENDER
HIS RESIGNATION
SANTA FE, New Mex.. Feb. 12.—Parti
cipation in a game of football, whether as
player, coacher or manager. Is made a
misdemeanor in a bill Introduced In the
New Mexico Territorial Legislature to
day by Valdea. There nas been .much
agitation here against the sport and. re
cently It was prohibited in all the public
schools and institutions. The proposed
legislation is considered fanatical and
freakish by the friends of the game, but
its author says he has enough votes to
assure its passage. Should the law be
come operative a man proved guilty of
playing football, good or bad. might be
Imprisoned for a year. •
Bill Introduced in Legislature of New
Mexico Intended to Prevent
the Game.
WOULD MAKE FOOTBALL
PLAYING A MISDEMEANOR
of Everett received word thi3 morning
from Sultan that two masked men en
tered the saloon of Hanson &. Brown last
night at 10 o'clock and at the point of a
gun forced the bartender to open his nafe
and deliver up to them $600 in cash and
checks. About half thl3 sum was In
checks drawn on the Caithness Dukelew
Bank of Sultan.
Sheriff Zimmerman notified the Sheriffs
of Seattle. Tacoma and Spokane by wire.
Although a great effort Is being made. to
capture the daring robbers the Seattle
police think It a hopeless task. Every
move Indicated thorough knowledge of
the business and not a clew was left to
establish Identity. Some watches were
taken, but they were undoubtedly dis
posed of or thrown away. The people in
the saloon at the time of the robbery were
scared almost to. death and could not giv©
accurate descriptions of the men.
Force the Bartender to Open the
Safe and Deliver
"'.- , ' Coin.
SEATTLE, Feb. 12.— Sheriff Zimmerman
TWO TVTARTTFrn MEN
HOLD TXP A SALOON
ANGELS CAMP. Feb. 12.-Last Satur
day an explosion of a charge of dynamite
in the San Justin mine opened a subter
ranean rived which flowed Into the mine
u..^ »i wun water. "The exact dam
age to the mine cannot be computed and
It will be several weeks before mining can
be resumed. . «
Mine Inundated.
The island Is six miles long and runs
from one to three miles In width an,d Is
adapted for all kinds of crops. -The-com
pany has put 300 acres in an orchard and
has nearly 1000 acres altogether ready for
cultivation this year, the power of the
Columbia River being used to operate an
irrigating plant. It is intended to make
the whole island productive, but before
continuing the work It has been deemed
advisable to exterminate the Jack-rabbit3,
'•"?tr'-tnlls ""'I coyotes which abound on
the place. Manv sports from Tacoma,
Seattle and Portland will take part in the
rabbit hunt. •--
PI»A1T RABBIT DRIVE
ON BLALOCK ISLAND
TACOMA, Feb. 12.— An old-fashioned
rabbit drive- will b^ held on Btalock Isl
and, in the Columbia River, on March 5,
in which more than 400 people will partici
pate. The Island Is In Kllckitat County
and Is owned by a company which la put
ting it under cultivation and. which is de
sirous of getting rid of a large number
of the frisky and destructive rabbits.
Mr. Seeley and Mrs. Ella Seeley were
divorced about ten years ago. Since then
Mrs. Seeley has spent much of the time
In Chicago, where she Is well known. She
is about 55 years old.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 12.-Mrg.
Ella Seeley to-night, shot and wounded
her former hirehaiAl. AW A. Seeley, chief
buyer for .the Swift Packing Company.
The shooting occurred at his residence.
1303 Holmes street, in this city. The
wound Is not serious, although the ball
passed through Seeley's arm.
Mrs. Seeley wore a beard and a cap
and was otherwise disguised as a man
when she was admitted to the Seeley res
idences by Mr. Seeley's present wife. The
disguised woman asked for Mr.. Seeley,
and when he- appeared she whipped a re
volver from her pocket, and fired one shot
at him. The bullet struck Seeley in th,e
right arm, just above the elbow. Befdre
she could shoot again Seeley, with the
assistance of his wife, succeeded in over
powering the woman. Mrs. Seeley was
arrested and taken to the City Jail,
where she is being-held. She refuses to
talk. The cause of the assault is not
known.
ly Wounded Above the Hight
Elbow.
DIVORCED WIFE SHOOTS
HER FOKMER HUSBAND
W. A. S;eley of Kansas City Is Slight-
Oregon — John H. Johnson, Sllverton,
mop wringer.
Washington— William R. Allen, Ho
quiam. cattle guard; same, nut lock; Per
ry Bartlett, Spokane, axle lubricator:
Charles Van Aradall, Enumclaw, tongue
or pole socket.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— George M. Walker, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles. $12: Curnel H. Mans
field Gorda. $S: Alvm Spear, Rohnervllle.
$6: "Clarence N. McCoy, Antloch, »6;
George W. Ireland, San Francisco, $10.
Additional— Aaron Bayles, Biggs, $10;
David M. Lacey, Hanford, $12; Phlnnon
S. Hulbert. Santa Rosa. $6. Original
widows— Eliza Finley. Visalia, $3; Minna
Cline, Oakland, $8.
Oregon— Original— George V. Grlswold.
Salem, $6; William Haynam, Greenville,
$8;"Abram Wymore, Tigardvllle, $8; An
gelo'Balmanno, Portland, $12.
. Washington — Original — Lewis Hoxs
worth, Sprlngdale, $6: Philip Masters.
Vancouver. $6; Thomas N. Ogle, Water
ville. .$S. Increase— Ansel H. Brown, Gig
Harbor, $8.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— Postoffice es
tablished: California— Pampa, Kern Coun
ty, Mary E. Philips, postmaster. Post
master commissioned: "Washington —
Henry J. Knox, Tampico. Appointed:
Oregon— T. H. Taylor, Box,' Lincoln Coun
ty, vice M. J. Grier, resigned.
Army orders: Chaplain Charle9 C.
Pierce, now at San Francisco on sick
leave, is relieved from further duty in the
Philippines and will proceed to Fort Myer,
Virginia, for duty; Major "Joseph S. Wil
kins, additional paymaster volunteers. Is
relieved from further duty in the Depart
ment of California and will proceed to
Manila by transport leaving San Fran
cisco about February 16. He will assume
charge of funds to be turned over to him
by the chief paymaster of the Department
of California for delivery to the chief pay
master. Department of the Philippines,
where Major Wilklns will be assigned to
duty.
Patents Issued to-day: . California—Cal
vin C. Bowen, Santa Monica, assignor to
Cyclone TraD Company, Los Angeles, an
imal trap; Archibald Campbell, Surf, as
saying device; Samuel Guthrie, San Fran
cisco, respirator: Kmil F. Kaiser, Fresno,
adjustible hanger for curtain rolls; Adolph
Llet2. assignor to A. LJetz Company, San
Francisco, compass -'aviation finder; Fer
dinand A. Lokcrt. :*-iional City, compo
sition of matter; John G. McMillan. San
Jose, bridge or wharf floor construction;
(reissue) Lida S. Reed. - Bakersfield, cor
set; William H. Wright, San Jose, crate;
Robert Wynell, 8an Francisco, gas cut
off.
sued and Army Orders.
Postmasters Appointed, Pensions Is-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
PREPARING REPORT ON
PARIS COMMISSION
Corrunitteemen Endeavor to Induce
Melick to Tone Down His
Views a Bit.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 12.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Commissions and Public Expendi
tures held a meeting ro-day to discuss
the report on the Paris Commission. It
was hoped to .have the document ready
for presentation by to-morrow or Thurs
day at the latest, but now it looks like
Friday as the earnest day. Molick has a
report written, which he fondly guards,
but admits that it is very like what The
Call has said it would be. It is a' bit too
radical, however, and as the ethers on
the committee have acrred to adopt his
principal ideas If he will tone them down
and thrcm out some of his smaller critl
ci^irip he ha? agreed to compromise.
A F'jbcnmrnittF-*? composed of Melick.
Tr?adw< 11 snd Stewart of Amador has
been appointed to draft the report. By
Friiay it will have been finished and the
member? of the committee zr.ing and gone
on junkets will have returned, so at that
tirr,e the report will probably see the
light.
LINER GOES ASHORE.
Passengers of the Spartan Prince
Saved With . Difficulty.
GinRAI-TAH; Feb. 12— The Prince line
Steamer Spartan Prince. Captain Miller,
from New York for Naples, Genoa, etc..
i!> ashore off Alcazar Point. Sh9 is in a
dar.perous position. All her holds are full
of water and her cargo is greatly danr
sprd
The papsengen?, Including ten Ameri
car<= in the first cabin, were saved with
considerable difficulty and landed at Gib
raltar.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 12.— The Senate Finance
Committee lias agreed upon a substitute
for ¦ Rowell's corporation tax . bill, and it
will be submitted to the Senate to-mor
row. The bill makes some minor changes
in the amounts of the taxes, which are
graduated In proportion to the capital
stock of the corporation and It provides
that $2300 a "year derived from this tax
shall be turned Into the library fund of
the university and tbo remainder Into the
general fund of the Institution. .
Substitute for Rowell's Bill.
It is claimed that the investment of
Stanford University funds In local bonds
made possible by this bill, will result in
an increase In the university's revenue of
some $150,000 per year, with only a nominal
loss to the State In taxes as a result of
this exemption measure.
The bill passed th«.- Senate January 31
with a single dissenting vote. It is now
ready for enrollment, after which it will
go to Governor Gac<-. ¦
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 12.-Cutter's Senate bill 23,
exempting from' taxation the buildings
and bonds of Stanford University was
passed by the Assembly this afternoon by
a vote of 67 ayes to 7 noes. There was
no ojiposition by way of fpeechmakltig
and the affirmative vote could have been
materially increased had there been any
occasion to hunt up absentees.
Governor.
Which It Will Go to the
Is Now Ready for Enrollment, After
In conclusion the report recommends
that a committee of three Senators be ap
pointed to fully investigate prison affairs
and present a record of the Investigation
to the Thirty-fifth Legislature, which will
convene in January, 1903.
The report wan ordered printed In the
Journal and will be made a special order
for to-morrow morning.
ASSEMBLY PASSES
THE STANFORD BILL
The discipline, sanitary conditions and
peneral conduct of affairs •were found to
be good. An electric light plant at San
Quentin Is recommended by the commit
tee. A reduction In the cost of fuel is also
suggested.
When the committee visited San Quen
tin prison the books of that Institution
were Jn the hands of experts, who were
tracing the delinquencies of C. J. Walden,
hence thc-re was no opportunity to make
proper examination of the account?.
The report Is signed by Belshaw, Nutt,
Luchs-Inger. John R. Tyrrell. Greenwell,
N>lson. S. C Smith and Plunkett.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 12.— The -report of the Sen
ate Prisons Committee, which has In
spected San Quentin and Folsom peniten
tiaries, was submitted to the Senate this
afternoon. ".'¦':
Quentin, but Report Discipline
as Excellent..
Unable to Examine Books at San
PRISONS COMMITTEE
PRESENTS ITS REPORT
The substitute bill provides that the pe
tition for county division on which the
election Is called must be signed by one
sixth of the electors . of the county, the
signers all being residents within the pro
posed new county. The original bill pro
vided that it must be signed by at least
50 per cent of the electors within the pro
posed new county.
The men who want a new county made
of the southern end of Santa Clara Coun
ty are resting on their oars. They want
nothing better than a measure of this
sort, and if it can be passed without their
active support so much the better for
them and their scheme. Broughton's
constituents who do not want county divi
sion in Los Angeles County are resting In
ignorance of their Assemblyman's still
hunt of votes for the bill which he was
afraid to Introduce.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 12.— Broughton's county di
vision bill, introduced by Schillig. has
been replaced by a committee substitute
presenting some modifications, and this
measure. Assembly bill 5SS. Is now on the
third reading tile. It is 115 on the file and
immediate action is not anticipated.'
Meanwhile the manipulators with county
division schemes up their sleeves are ly
ing low, waiting for Assemblymen to give
their support to the bill in the belief that
it is -wholesome legislation.
of Southern End of Santa
Clara Lying- Low.
Men Who Want New County Made
The Senate Committee on Fish and
Game has introduced a bill providing for
the appointment by the Governor of a
Game Commissioner, who may- appoint
deputies in each county, they to have all
the powers of county sheriffs. It is pro
vided that the Commissioner shall make
a report to the Governor every year.
COTJNTY DIVISION BILL
REPLACED BY SUBSTITUTE
Senator Caldwell's bill to establish a
reform school for girls at San Jacinto,
Riverside County, was introduced to-day.
The measure provides for, an initial appro
priation of $30,000.
Senator Flint has introduced a bill so
amending the Civil and Political Codes
&n4 the Code of Civil Procedure as to
make Lincoln"s birthday. February 12. one
of the legal holidays of the State's calen
dar. This is a holiday which has already
been added to the. calendars of several of
the; States, and the idea is meeting with
general favor.
No corporation, firm, employer or fore
man shall pay any employe or person his
wages, or part of his wages, while such
employe Is in any saloon, barroom or res
taurant doing business under license of
the State, city or county of the State of
California. Any person doing so shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction shall be fined not less
than $50 nor more than $500.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 12.— Senator Tyrrell of San
Francisco has introduced a bill designed
to keep •workingmen from spending their
wapes In drink by the simple expedient of
forbidding their payment in saloons and
such places. The bill is as follows:
Bill Introduced by Tyrrell for the
Protection of Work
ingraen.
PREVENTS PAYMENT OF
MEN IN SAXOONS
The Senate amendments to the naval
approprfatlon bill were disagreed to and
a conference was asked for. Ray of New
York then formally announced the death
of General Shaw of New York, com
mander of the Grand Army, and as a
mark of respect the House at 5:15 o'clock
adjourned.
At the conclusion of the general debate
upon the army appropriation bill on mo
tion of Fitzgerald of Massachusetts a res
olution was adopted to give the equiva
lent of two .months extra, pay to all sol
diers of the volunteer and regular estab
lishment who served beyond the limits of
the United States. It was further agreed
that $35 shall be paid to the nearest of
kin of any enlisted man and 175 to the
nearest of kin of any officer who may be
killed or die in service in thei Philippines
upon the delivery of the body to the fam
ily of deceased. The bill was passed and
consideration of th© sundry civil appro
priation bill began.
Cannon. In charge of the bill, made a
brief explanation, confining Ills remarks
practically to answering questions asked
of him. The bill carried $59,703,254. being
S10.SS9.017 less than the estimates and
$5,748,041 less than the current law. The
bill was then laid aside for the day.
Previous to consideration of the appro
priation bills the letter reflecting upon
Perry S. Heath, which Sulzer introduced
Into the proceedings yesterday, was ej
punged from the record. During the de
bate upon the motion- to expunge Sulzer
renewed his attack upon Mr. Heath, re
iterating the statements of yesterday that
he was willing to father the statements
in the letter and declaring that If action
was brought against him he would not
plead his constitutional Immunity.
WASHINGTON. Feb. ,12.-The House
to-day passed the army appropriation bill
and entered upon consideration of the
sundry civil bill, the last but one of the
big money bills. The debate on the army
bill was confined largely to a discussion
of the question of passing bills to remove
the charge of desertion against soldiers,
and was made notable by a statement of
McClellan' of New York, comparing the
cost of the soldier in European armies
with the cost. in the United States. Ac
cording to his figures, including the cost
of pensions, each United States soldier
involved an annual expense of J2828, while
a German soldier cost3 5227 and a French
soldier $222.
Per Capita Cost of American Soldier
Twelve Times More Than
That of the French
Soldier.
House Passes the Bill After
Long and Interesting ._
Debatt*^
FUNDS PROVIDED
FOR THE ARMY
Oakland Office San Francisco Calli
¦ '.-: 1113 Broadway, Feb. 12.
Jefferson D. Pierce of Washington. D.
C, chief organizer of the American Fed
eration of Labor, met with the Building:
Trades Council of this city to-night tnd
"delivered an exhaustive address upon th«
Importance to labor organisations of a
central and united front. '. : „¦¦.".'
In an interview Organizer Pierce said:
"The American Federation of Labor has
been so busy among the great Industrial
centers of the Bast during the last ten
years that the Pacific Coast and the West
ern States have not been given that at
tention which the rapidly increasing in
terests of labor demand.
"The purpose of my tour is to tanr*» If
I can upon the men who toil the necessity
of a strong central and representative or
ganization among them. I want to con
vince unorganized labor of the need of or
ganization, and I want to assist In the
v-ork of cementing the labor organiza
tions as they stand.
"Let me say that the feest evidence of
the strength that can be gained from or
ganization.is manifest in the great com
binations of capital. Ten years ago a mil
lion-dollar trust was looked upon as a.
, monstrosity. To-day we have a billton
dollar combination, and what the futnro
has in store for us who can say?
"Capital sees the advantage of combina
tion and leaves nothing undone to ac
complish that end. Tell me, why should
not labor?
"Right here In Oakland I am Informed
that labor is well organized, but we want
to Improve all along the line. The Amer
ican Federation of Labor hopes to place
labor unionism !n its true light before tha
American people. The settlement of labor
differences, not by strikes, but by arbitra
tion along legitimate and sound lines, is
our object. We believe that organization
on this line can be of benefit to the work
ingman. no matter what hl3 trade or his
employment."
Organizer Pierce was given a hearty re
ception this evening by the council. Dar
ing the week he will meet the various
trades ' unions and other labor organiza
tions. On Friday evening there will be a
meeting of the Alameda County Federated
Trades. The labor leaders her© are anx
ious for a public meeting, and plans to
this end were discussed at to-night's ses
sion of the Building Trades Council.
After completing his work in California
Mr. Pierce will go Cast by way of the
Northwest, visiting all of the labor or
ganizations in Oregon and Washington
and the Rocky Mountain States eastward.
Oakland Typographical Union No. 36,
the Bakers' Union and the Clgarraakers*
Union have Joined the State Federation
of Labor. : ; .
Chief Organizer Pierce oi
American Federation
Visits Oakland.
Points to Combinations of Capital a-s
Evidence That the Work
ingxnen Should
Unite.
URGES A UNION
OF ALL TOILERS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 12.
Captain Robert Simeon, une of the larg
est land owners in Aiameda County, and
a. very prominent resident, died to-day
rather suddenly, though his general
health has bern failing for some time.
He had reached the advanced age of S3
yean, and while he had been tailing
eradualiy for nearly six months the
actual iiiness that resulted in his death
was of les.s than an hour's duration.
Death occurred at his? magnificent home
iii the hills back of Mills College.
Captain Slmson was born In Oumfries,
Scotland, in l^3S. He came to this coun
trj during hii youth and entered Colum
bia College in New York, from which he
graduated and then took a course In the
4 ale OoIU-pe law school, from which he
secured a degree in law. He practiced
In New Ycrk lor some little time, and
then entered the United States Hrmy, se
curing :rt the Mexican War from actual
merit his rank of captain. At the close
ol this war. which secured for the l*nit<*d
ftates nearly all of its possessions on the
1'acUic Ocean, Captain Slmson decided to
come to California. Having helped con
quer this territory he decided to help fet
tje it. and in 1S43 he arrived In San Iran
cipco by a somewhat different route than
that usually taken by the argonauts. He
came overland from Mexico.
Naturally Captain Simson rlunged Into
the prevailing excitement of mining for
cold and made money. He then began
the practice of his profession in fc?an
Francisco, and found ample fortune in
mining law. He was a. c «oclated with C
Temp'.e Emmm and M. W. Chittenden at
different times. In 1S6« he retired, and
shortly afterward came to Alameda
County and purchased a tract of land
containing several hundred acres in the
hills back of Mill? College. He has lived
there with bis family ever since, making
of his mountain acres a magnificent
country home. He has served for many
jears as a trustee rf Mills College.
Only a few months ago Captain Sim
eon dlpposed of his home :md its broad
ec-res to the Realty Syndicate. This prop
erty was considered a? a possible park
rite for the city of Oakland, but Captain
Simson derided' that he could not afford
to wait until Oakland should make up
its mind to tuy a park and sold to the
rvndicate.
Captain Simpon leaves a wife and two
children. One. a ton. has been mining
in South Africa, but returned home some
time ago because of his father's failing
health. The daughter is the wife of Col
onel Redding, from whom the town of
Reddlne was named. The funeral will
tike place at 12:30 on Thursday from the
Church of the Advent.
Helps to Capture California From
the Mexicans and Then Aids in
Settlement of
State.
Pioneer Goes After a Life
of Excitement and Use
fulness.
It is very seriously doubted in Chinese
circles here that General Tung Fuh Slang
will apree to commit suicide. The army
worships him. He has absolute control of
the Mohammedans and is believed *o be
one himself. He refused to allow the dls
bandment of 5000 men, and the Emperor
ordered him far from the court. To at
tempt his execution, it is thought in Chi
nese circles, mlcht mean civil war.
PEKING, Feb. 12.-Prince Chlng and U
Huns Chang have received a long dis
patch from tho court, which they have
not disclosed to the foreign envoys. It is
understood, in addition to the recent ceie
brated reform decree, the message con
tains an account of how Emperor Kwang
8u hae sent a choice of methods of suicide
to all thope named for punishment by the
envoys, closing with the inquiry whether
Prince Chinj? and Li Hung Chang think
the envoys will be satisfied.
It is understood that the Chinese pleni
potentiaries In their reply to the court
said the foreign envoys could not object
strongly to an accomplished fact, but
that they would probably insist upon the
rcntenoe of execution being published
throughout the empire, and possibly upon
the heads of those condemned being ex
hibited at various points.
Would Have Those Whose Punish
ment Is Asked by the Powers
Make Away With
Themselves.
Plan Suggested by Chines*
Emperor to the Pleni
potentiaries.
OFFERS SUICIDE
AS COMPROMISE
Fred D. Crane and Fifteen-Year-Old Bessie Wood Leave Oakland
Together and Firs. Crane and Her Two Children Are in Want.
Upon their arrival here they were sent
there by Mrs. Schuyler. Mrs. F. Wet
more, from whom the little family rented
the place, dlscoveredthat they were with
out means, and put herself to much in?
convenience to make the place as com
fortable as possible. The husband was
out of employment and temporary work
was given him by Mrs. Wetmore's rela
tives! He earned enough to keep the fam
ily In food. His rent was due and- the
Wetmores did not press him for it, hop
ing that the husband would soon be In
easier circumstances.
Mrs. Crane had lived in Oakland for
several years before her marriage to' the
young Englishman at Grays, in March,
1S97. She was living with her younger sis
ter on a ranch belonging to their mother
at the time of the marriage. Crane came
there and the acquaintance ended in thi
union.
It was determined a short time ago to
send the younger sister back to California
for her health. According to the state
ments which Mrs. Crane made to the Wet
mores, there was a suspicion that Crane
had formed an attachment for his buxom
young sister-in-law because he at once de
cided that he would come to California.
That led to the migration of all the
family.
Crane had little or no money when he
departed. So far as the wife ascertained,
he had nothing but the few dollars he
raised by secretly selling a sewing ma
chine that was among their few posses
sions.
rf***: AKLAND, Feb. 12.— The story of
nf \\ a young wife's cruel abandon-
II II ment by a husband who eloped
with her 15-year-old sister was
related to-day to Chief of Police
Hodgkins by Mrs. Harriet M. Crane, who,
with her runaway spouse, Fred D. Crane,
the eloping sister, Miss Bessie Wood, and
the Crane's two babies, arrived here a
month ago from Grays, Idaho.
The desertion and elopement have left
the distracted woman destitute with one
of her children, a boy of three years, suf
fering, from pneumonia. The other child
is a girl one year old.
Chief Hodgkins has taken personal
charge of the case, which, he declares,
appeals to him as one of the saddest that
has ever been brought to his attention.
Mrs. Crane has been compelled to seek
shelter at the home of a sister, Mrs. C.
A. Schuyler, residing at 1562 Market street.
The shock has been so severe that, her
relatives fear she will break down under
the strain. •
The accused husband, who i3 24 years
old. and his gtfrl companion disappeared
simultaneously Sunday morning'. , That
they ran away together has been satis
factorily settled bo far as the wife is con
cerned. In her report to the police Mrs.
Crane said that early Sunday morning
her husband said he would go out for a
walk. An hour later the sister' went out,
making the same remark. Since then
nothing has been seen of either Crane or
the fflrl.
The Cranes had been living in . a little
cottage at the rear of 565 Eleventh street.
EL0PES WITH WIFE'S SISTER,
LEAVING FAMILY DESTITUTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
THE HUSBAND AND THE "WIFE, THE SISTER WHO ELOPED WITH
\ THE FORMER AND THE LITTLE SON OF THE SEPARATED COU
PLE. WHO IS VERY ILL.
CAPTAIN SIMSON
PASSES AWAY
C
9
HirayailiJan©!
Recommended for SO years by physicians all arer the world.
Used with marvelous restritsdurinj: La Grippe Epidemic in Europe, J889— 90.
Relieves Constipation and Cleanses the Whole System.
• . NATURAL IAXATITE WATER.
Is a Household NECESSITY in every family
where ff j[^Ci SriVVC ' * * s pre valent • '
i If your system is in good condition you will be less liable to contract this
dreaded disease. ( „
This, letter Is from the cashier of one
of the largest insurance companies in the
world, who requests that his name be
•withheld from print: given to Inquirers by
tha Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd.. at - Battle
Creek, Mich.
It !s w?ll for people to know that cooks
who first undertake to make Postum boil
It too. little and therefore do. not extract
The flavor and food value. It Is delicious
If prepared according to directions (and
that is easy).
"How many times we hear people com-
plain cf this and that obscure symptom cf
disease and wonder what can be the mat-
ter with them. In nine cases out of ten
it is due to nothing In the world but cof-
fee poisoning. I em sure. If all those who
have ails of one kind or another, serious
or trifling, would try the experiment that
I did, there would result an enormous ag-
gregate of improvement in health and
coffee would take Its proper place among
the other poisons."
"I can give the names of many persons
who have been bencSted by the change
from coff»»e to Postum end am never tlrctl
of making converts.
'The change was so complete and radl-
ral that I could not doubt the cause, which
lay fimply in the withdrawal of the poison
and the addition to my diet qt a nourlsh-
ir.£. health-giving, liquid food— Postum.
"One by one and day by flay all tho old
rymptr-ms disappeared. A feelingr of tran-
quil strength and oven temper replaced
the former un'natural conditions. Sleep
was complete and restful.
"If I fild leave off coffee for one hour
beyend the usual time in the morning. I
had the ir.f>Ft excruciating headache for
t. *¦ rest of the day. but I made the change
from coffee to Postum without the slight-
est inconvenience by first having the
Pcftum prepared with a little coffee
roix<»d Jn it. tSion the next day a little lens
and the next d3y a little less, until in less
than a month I was having the Postum
Simon Pure, and the cook got so she could
make it po strong and delicious that I
enjoyed my Postum better than I had
ever rnjoyrd the old-fashioned coffee that
had born undermining my health and ren-
dprirp life a burden.
"I had for a long time suffered from
paJpitation of the heart. Indigestion, bil-
iousness and Intense headaches and neu-
"'My f.f-st suspicion that coffee was pIow-
ly killing me came from reading in the
newspaper the experience of a person suf-
fering from the poison contained in coffee
and how he ha<l been relieved by leaving
cf? coffee an.1 taking Tostum Food Coffee.
THEY LEFT,
Vamoosed, Cleared Out and Quit.
EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
I ait qiaion, T^
j a fritter' Jp
M can be fried **+\\?/
|3 snccessivcly in >g| k\ yj
odorless §5 %L
vll/ c \ 1/ 1
p3 and one will not par- \ m j|j
&| be wed *gaJn and fe-, >A* . jgl
PJ again until thtf last V^K\\v^ 55
j friendly grocer for £$K 'S&Sv^sSl b|THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY; FEBRUARY 13, 1901.
10
SAJV' FRANCISCO CALL.
BCEINTBS OFFICE of The Ban FtmkIsco
Call corner of llartiet and Third etre«_; open
BEtn 11 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63 Montgomery •treet.
corner Clay; open until t:38 p. tn.
SM Hayes etreet; open until 9:89 p. m.
CSS McAllister -treet; open until »:M P- HL
f'.i Larkin street: open until 8:S0 p. m,
JMl Mission Btreet; open until 10 p. ra.
rtci Market rtreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntil * r>. m.
IC6 Kleventh etreet: open until t p. ra.
10S« Valencia rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-^second and Ken-
-treats: «tp*n until 9 p. rn-
MEETING >OT1CKS.
A REGULAR meeting of Godfrey H_S
«e St. Omar Council No. .1, n_«l
Knlphts Kadosh. A. and A. SLJELJl
Fcotiifh Kite of Freemasonry, JhJEBSnBBH
tv-.:; he helJ In <>ir.rr.an3erj- ji^fcl™-:;!
Hb!!. Masonic Temple. on w \fZ[ a
V.-EDNHSDAY EVENING. Feb- r_X_ti
' ruary 13. 1901. at 7:30 o'clock. — _w
for re»>ertlon of petitions. __
HENRY BURNER. Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting cf Yerba _
Paena Chapter No. 1, Rose Crolx. I j
A. and A. ScoUUh Rite of Free- , — >T~-|
masonry. ti_!1 be held In Cora- — S»— *
rn&nOry Mall, Msjsonle Temple. KJ
on WEDNESDAY EVENING. \(]
February 13. ISC1. at t o 1 clock- \J
Decree ISth. . LJ
KENRY BCRNER. Secretary. .
CROCKETT Lodee No. IS?. F. an- A. gk
M.-P. 1st THIS EVENING. Feb. IS. ~B^
at 7:30 o'clock. Py order of the W. M. TSJ
II. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. / ~r *
EXCTLPIOR Lodse No. 186. F. and A. JBI
M — PpeciaJ meeting THIS C~_DNES-^f%^
DAT) EVENING. rc-br_ary 13, at 7:30 TiJK
o'clock. First Degree. ' v '
THEO. E. S— ITH. Secretary.
_I?5ION Loflee No. 163, F. und A. M-— «t
Called mcetins THIS OVEDNESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second jLj\
Degree. GEO. D. FLACK. Sec. /V>
HERMANN Locxe No. 1T7. F. and A. A
M —Called ir.eetlnjr THIS DAY __£%_,
riVednesday). Februarr :3. 1901. at lX5f
o'clock r. in., at the Masonic Temple, /^r >
for the funeral of our deceased brother.
JACOB GENGNAQEL. By order of the
TV*. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
TTiilPLAR Loflffe No. 17. I. O.
O. 1". will have an initiation QyZi&$&-
t:::> 'Wednesday) even-^SSD {2?
TNG. Visiting brothers coT-1ial!y
irvited. WM. O. GRIFFITH. N. G.
j. m. mcqueen e. n<>c. sec.
1EP.RA Buer.a Lodge No. 15. I. O.
O. F. — Officers and member-: You^5*("»v*5fc3
(ire requested to attend the reeu-
!ar rr.-etfr-u THURSDAY. Feb. '**»»«*
14. Initiation. Visitors always welcome.
JOHN A. OIILSON. N. O.
ANNUAL Meeting — The reg-ular annual rneet-
ine of the stockholders of the Honolulu
riantstlcn Company will be held at the of-
fice if the company. S27 Market ft.. San
Franrleco. Cal., on WEDNESDAY. February
IT. irci. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. rn.. for •
th? purpose of rlectlnt a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
ncti^n rf puch otbpr business as may com*
Hefore the meeting. Transfer books will close
rn Saturday, February *<>, 1901. at 12
o"clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ;
NOTICE of rtockholders' meetlne— A special
meeting of th* stockholders of the Honolulu
F^c*r Comrsry is called for er.d wiil b«
lieia at the office of the company. No. 817
Market -t.. Fan Francleco. Cal., on MON-
DAY, February IS. 19C1. at 11:30 o'clock _
.m., for the purpose of considering a prepo-
sition to flie?clve the corporation and to con- j
*lder vuch other business as may come be- •
fore the meeting. By order of the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
Serreta— ¦ Honolulu Sugar Compsny.
T\»tefl Fan ~r»rc<«cn. February J. 1901.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGKNT. lafly, larpe Income, as county rrp'e-
sf-ntaTlve of local manufacturer. 161C, Call.
ASfizAL. nm nooFisc
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
rrirefl: r>o«.tal. i:SS MlxMon: tel. Folsom 1«17.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
liOWE. Rtty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. II. McKNIGIIT. collections: damages: es- I
tate*; mining: oi^en even. £.22 Parrott hMg. ]
FKANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a |
eneelalty. Mill* bi*.. r. 3. 4th flr.;t«l. Red 2516. j
ADVICE fr*-*-; no charre unless successful. W. ',
W. DAVIDSON'. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason, j
L H. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bide. 527 Mar- ]
' fcet «t.: cf>Ti?_lt£tton free: no fees in advance. ¦,
¦ — -— — — i i
XIOAKDIXG FOR CHILDICK.V. \
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
a cfciM nnt under 1 >rar o!d: references fur-
nfsheft. _1 Natoma st. ; ring lop bell.
LADY would Hk» 1 or 2 children to board: .'
r^od care. HST2 Va'lejo. Golden Gate. Oaklnd. ;
*~" —^ — — —^__i — - __— — — — — — »_, ,
UlSl.t-SS CIJ— _C_S.
A — ITOTHL nl^'Jt 3" rr.:ie« from cltv. 33 rooms. '
dtnir.jr-rocm. kitchen, fras plant, livery etable. 1
ptc. ; price jJOffl; cash tiiOO; balance on rnort- |
rae-; rare chance. Call K. G. WILKIE. 26^ ;
Ker.my rt. • •
A — tC;CC>; Fulefrnoxn of hujreies. eurreys. phae- 1
tenp. etc.. n< ~ and second-hand; place estab.
B yearf; clearing about J4'0 i>er month; actu- ,
si! valu* sliout Sif'tO; Investigate. . R- G. ¦
vriLKr .G'-s Kearay Ft.
________________________ i
A— il:fS<; BAtXK>3( e?tab. rna.ny years and prv»i :
paying: Iori.tf-d c'.ose to Hall of Justice; full- :
ftt inveytization Fo!>c;ted; this la a rare :
chence Call R. G. WILKE. _6'A Kearny Ft. f
A— t' l)r ; yALF Interest in one of the best Ea- ;
ar.d k->o<! huMness man. Ca"ll U. ~G. WILKE. j
rc*i Kearny Ft.
A— GENERAL merchandise «tcre; about SO !
miles '. mm P. F. : pct&b. many years and do- I
ing a flryt-ciaFP paylnir buFiness: price J4000: 1
a. ver}- rare rhance and fullest investigation '
F<-!i<-;t~1. Call H. G. \VILKE. :C»4 Kearny. ;
A-S2T50; BAIOOK. few doors south of Market
rt.; Flare kept by owner 12 years and is do-
Jr.tr a rood business; sickness only cause of i
rale; ret r?nt |5S. Inquire It. G. WILKE, i
SCH Keerry Ft.
A-fs^O; CORNER b»:trher shop in northern \
r*r: cf city: rent V n : hcire, cart: selling 4 ;
cattle and about 3D «>heep per week: a cash i
-uytrrr.. Call R. G. WILKE, ICVi Kearny st. !
A-J1K0: REfvTAURANT and coffee saloon ;
close to Union Iron Works; rent $60; 4 years' !
Ira?"-, a Br_*ctasa paying: business: owner
nawt l^ave for N. V. to settle estate; mves- j
•tijrate and rncke cfTer. R. G.- WILKE. _6'4
• Kcamy Ft. !
PABTKEU vanted in « larjfs. old-establishM !
r-rofitable buFlnees, controlling a good, Faf», i
Folid end rellaMe tra-le: owing to retirement I
of former manager owner has decided to sell !
in Interest to an i-.oceptable party: duties i
will b* the.kecplne of accounts and assltt- ;
Im: fatenStr In the management of the bust- 1
nt-ft; cne acruEtcnvd to horses preferred; j
csp'tal required JiXiOQ to t!0,0>jO; full value in '
B'.ght; bocks ar.d buMnres open for inve-tigra- !
tior.. .?. IV. Dcanctly A: Co.. C32 Market et. j
A fartnrrEhip; profitable business; rash capital ;
r«yjuired $t r *; bal. can be paid from profits. ;
Particulars DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market.
1!ONEY saved to tajyerF: Sne openings In gro- I
cerlfs. saloons. dir»r stores, hotels and other |
businetses: investigate.
G. W. SCirvnCINIIAKD,
Phone M!nt 1511. 527 I.torket, btt &th & 6th.
A— f"50 — CANDY, i-tationery and clsrar stcr»* i
full value. M-LAUCHLIX, 777«i Market st. !
|4'*-L.*rNDRT. route; good horse and wagon, i
_ Mclaughlin _ Co.. 7:?^ -larket ft.
A SNAP— Hcuse of $ larpe rooms 16x20 each; j
rrnt free; jjround enough for 1000« chickens;
on chares. For full particulars ' apply to
JOHN CDEIl CO.. _2 Kearny st.. Room Ker.t-
sl Bureau.
tl OCO-PARTNER wanted lh old 'established
restaurant to attend cstb counter and look
after help: present owner viFhee to devote
hJ* time to buying and the kitchen; clears
1250 per month. 906 Market Bt., room 8.
HORSESHOEING efcop: cne of the b«Et shops
in the city en cr.e of the principal streets; will
fell cheap, an owner Is obllgred to leave city.
Box 3^31. Call office.
LARGE outride route for Mile. Apply at Call
Business Office.
J4^*— Manufacturing huplneFS partner wanted;
investigate; old-estab!!5hed; pood chance for
acceptable party. Donnelly Co., <22 Market.
A— S200; PARTNER wanted; $1S to I_ a week
f-m ':.: trial Riven; no experience required. 9
<3cary srt.. ruom 2.
ETEirAIlT. IS. 5 doers couth of Market: reg-
taurant Tor.fsle; in food order: price $200;
insured for tKO one year; rent paid.
FOR F.ale— One or the best located lunch and
oh"p houE«?: verv reasonable rent. Partlcu-
lars 1C30, Call office. - •
FOR RALE— Second hand clothing and Jewelry
buji'.nefji p_}-inc Sl?5 to JI&0 a month; $SCO to
KPtiO require . a.t once. M-. box 1O1. CalL
nXTL'KEK real estate office, books andbusi-
oe«»: bargains this day. 506 Market Bt., r. 8.
EALOON far tale; opposite the ferry. "Apply
311 Hart »t., north of Market; no agents.
KE2=TAi:RAXT: good location; cheap: I ain
leaving city. CIO Stanvan Bt.. end of Haieht.
CANDY and stationery etore, etock and fix-
tures' for «le cheap; no agents.. 203 Poik et.
A SNAP ior J400: oorner grocery and bar.'- Par-
ticulars 119 Valencia -U .- ~"
BCSHVX-SS CHAXCEs— COMIXUED.
A-T..... .^,........ LIST YOUR .V.i.V.iA
Store Saloon Business Place .,
City or country real estate with me......
I make no charges, for advertising
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth,
phone Mint 79&
A I SELL AND EXCHANGE A
..»S_oons,' Stores, Rooming-houses, Hotels...
.Real Estate and Business places
Give tne a call. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
j_ RESTAURANT A
Paying Business •..
Owner compelled to go East: make offer.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.
BALOON for pale; large stock: fine location;
pood fixtures: cash register: owner must sell;
has other Important bustness; pee this bar-
pain to-day. Apply to H. C. DECKEK. 1020
Market gt.
CORNER cigar stand, doing fair business,
near "Market st. : a bargain. Apply at 201
Ellis Bt. Good reason for selling.
GOOD chance for a man with $300 capital to
go in the commission business; pays well.
Call at 417 Davis et. ¦
FOR eal*— A fish and delicacy stor«. Address
C. M. W.. 346 Virginia st., Vallejo. - ,
A SHOE etore In country for sale; account of
sickness. Call at 28 Second st.; leather store.
$1750— CORNER saloon; no night work; good
location; good reason for selling; no agents.
Box 1579. . Call of flee.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; dally re-
ceipts about $60. C-Il at place, 410 Kearny.
OTTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business Office.
STATE rights: money-maVing patented in-
stantaneous freezer. S. SWEANY. French
HogpHal. _¦
AN energetic partner with $5000 to purchase
one-third interest in a profitable mercantile
business. Address Confidential, box 1796. Call.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
l>er stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. ft F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
TOBACCO and cipar store, with living rooms;
established; price $100. Box 1S00. Call office.
$650— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. S09. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and E to B:19.
$30 WINB *300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route en this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2,
near Call blflg. tel. Black 1S03. Money to loan.
87 rooms; rent $175; income S3S0 $2000
27 rooms; light. Gunny, money makers 1000
17 rooms; rent $60; clears $S5 month 600
9 rooms: central; paying house 350
A— COUNTRY hotel. In best mining town In
California. I2C00. For all particulars call on
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st- r. 1-2. to-day.
FOR SALE— LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS. BOARDING-HOUSES
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
From 3 to 250 Rooms
Prices from $50 to $20.000
Payments to suit. Give me a call
Money to loan at lowest rate
Call. I can 6ult you
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market gt.. opp. Fifth.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3500
JO rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra... 950
10 rooms, $460; 10 rooms, quick 850
Grand bargain: 14 rooms: steady roomers.:
clears $65 over all expenses; fine furniture;
fine carpets. FISHER - CO.. 1022 Market.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms: rent $.**: part cash J6M
28 rooms; rent $41; see it R00
26 rooms; rent $40; part cash 1600
"67 rooms; corner; rent $160 3003
WINSTON & WOLF. 1016 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit all
buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned buy-
era; before buying call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 817 Market et.. bet. Cth & Cth.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. ET-'REICA REAL ESTATE. 28
Sixth st.
$40^— LODGING house: 15 rooms; full of perma-
nent roomer-; barealn . on iiccount of other
business. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
$240 — 11 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
BARGAIN: 10 rooms; a money-maker; see it.
137 O'Farrell st.
15- ROOM house; fine location; well furnished;
full: going away. Box 1591. Call oHlce.
TO buy or sell business chances or lodging-
house- see ANDREW* PRICE. 30 Kearny Ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night: convincing test
readings, 1 to 5 p. m. 123$ Howard; ZIrs.
Maxwell. ; .
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's seance to-night at
; S o'clock sharp; 19c Hyde, nr. McAllister.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellle — Sittings
dally; seance Tuesday and ThursSay.
UBS. VIGOR'S spiritual test meeting to-night,
10c. 14S Cth et.. room 22; sittings dally.
JIP.S. LESTER — Readings. 50c; circle every eve
ex. Sat., 10c: devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful mpdlum and healer:
readings daily, 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
___, MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, healer
_nd card reader. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.medlum.llfe
reader, medical clairvoyant 11G4 O'Farrell.
C. Mayo-Steers. 1J2H Oak et.. trance medium;
readlrs" $1 : hours 1-& p. m. : tel. I Jowaxd 527.
FP.IENDSHIP Hall. ~5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M'ver: *i?Mnr« iS&fiv: f»?ts to nil to-n(eht;'.0c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The world's greatest living palmist and dalr-
voya'nt, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; be advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining pr lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the raoFt scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant Jr. the world to-day.
There is r j home so dreary or pad. no lift
so hard and bllphted, no heart fwj sad and
lonely, that cannct be set right and kept right
after a visit to this. Inspired prophet of modern
; times; all long-ptarding 'and chronic diseases
1 that have baffled the physician's skill cured
: without the usb of medicine; he reunites the
•separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
, speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
1 treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fit3;
| drunkenness cured without khe patient's
! knowledge: tells If your loved one is true: en- j
i you to -win the affection of any one you
i desire; also that.which a -person is best adapt-
' t-A for In life is pointed out; he enables you to
I overcome your enemies; no matter what your
j trouble Is, he can and will ht!p you or
• charge you nothing for his services,
i N. B. — Palmistry taught: mediumistle per-
! sons developed. "SV4 Kearny St., near Market.
I Readings by mall.
j If you rannot call, write. Give date of birth.
; Ftate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
I questions; inclose $1. 9 a. rn. to 8 p. m. '
I MME. M. EERSAHD. — —
i THE FAMOUS .': ' V
i Clalrvoyart and burJnpfB medium. 1" .perma-
j nently located ot 17 Third rt., next Examiner
i building. She reads your life correctly, gives
! an accurate description of the pant, reveals
j the present hapr>rnlngrs and portrays events
I to occur In the future. If you are In trouble,
j dlscontent«d. unhappy or not satisfied in life,
(or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told* how to overcome them. Valuable advice
In all affairs of life; _5e up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
CONSULT th* Quaker medium and palmist: she
will reunite y<* with your loved one; her ad-
vlre can bo relied upon In all business affairs,
tale* cf property, oil. mines aad lawsuits; do
you want a better position? Call and iearn how
to get It. MKS.E.SANDKRS.1104 Market, r. „.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket ft., corner of GoMen Gate ave.. rooms _
and 2C: take elevator.' Perfect satisfaction
—iarante«"d by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTEK. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
<31a— loses d'seesn with life reading; lidiesSOc,
cent* >': palm, and clalr. trit. Si 50. 1ZS Turk.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant Ptid
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op. !
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
; MT-in. I-AIiOSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
I fre«> tests 2He up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. Sixth. I
I MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
| present, future; 25c. 14? Sixth St.. room 14.
II MK. ZEREDA. the gvnsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant.' card reader;
sittings dally. ,44S^ Jessie St., bet tth & Ctb.
MRfi. Melvill. well-kncwn clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. Cth:Germ»ii spoken; tel. Howard 184C
1IRR. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
teller, hos removed to 222 Eddy st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth cr n_ pay; 2T.c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M DBVAL. clairvoyant, business me.
dlum: mlnlnir a specialty. 215 K»s.rny, r. 8-10.
MME. SYBILLE-Cra<5!e-to grave: future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladies. .914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; nar_es given; 3c ep. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG v A?f D . C-EANIJfG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
tng Works. 353-357 Tehama ft.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at- 3c per yard, laid at 6c
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth ;t. ; tel. Jefgle 344.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394." GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 .Golden
Gate' ave.: telephone East 126.- ' '
¦ cnmopomsTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts,' ch II-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLL E CT I O NO FFI CE S.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO^DEjTt AL^CLIN IC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly;' teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 EO up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. ra. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.'
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for JO years; crowns, $3 GO; fillings. 60c; plates,
$5/ full get: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago 1'ental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. .
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling*;, extractions or, fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method.; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st..
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to S63
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us oa crowns
and bridges; difficult plate • work solicited;
positive painless -extraction. 60o. ¦ .
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
' less extraction 60c;p!ates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. U; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— '•Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and beft In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. '.
KD17CATIOKAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market Ft.; Individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil sen-ice coaching; tuition J5 month.
ALL Etudenta but two taking full course this
year got positions. RAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12IG Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fborthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 34 Post st.
S. r.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegrapny. EtigllRh branches, clrll,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night cessions; r.ew £0-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the unlvernlty. law and medloal
colleges; references. President or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building..
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to It by rrrltten contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln St.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45
Parrott bids.; Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting be E lnners: business
college graduates; bookkeeplne-flgiires: short
time. TARR. exp. sect.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING Rchool of H. Hirsrhlng, 334 Kearny St.,
open; day and eve. rla«es; chemistry, llxlva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlnp.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: est. J884.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOI. 933 Market.
PIANO lessons' given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Box 1588, Call.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher. 10C8 Mission rt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlfslon. nr. 6Jh.
ILLUSTRATION'— PAKTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— ntrht class. Ki Pine Ft.
A WEEK'S news for G rents— The Weekly Call,
16 parres. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BJIPLOVMEJIT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37*.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of nil kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOICI & CO.. 4?1 Post ft.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office^
beet help. BIS O'Farrell gt. : tel. Hyde -191.
RELIABLC Japanese-Chlneee employment of-
fice: a'.l kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main G18J.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. ZH California; phone James 2S01.
ORPHKCM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter-.tel. Elack 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Bett help. 4UH O'Farre!! st. : tel. Bant 42(1.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
A TOUNG lady doing office work from 12 to 5
p. m. would like to assist In housework In the
forenoon fn exchange for a Rood pleasant
home. Call or address MISS BURGESS. SOT
Butter fit., from 3 to 6 p. m.
NEAT responsible middle-aged ladv would like
situation In small fan-lly to do cooking and
housework; in a real irood cook; capable of
taking full charge. Call or address MRS. W..
for one week at 230 Fell St.; references; car
fare. '
YOUNG lady, refined, capable; wishes position
as housekeeper or assistant In hotel, institu-
tion, family; Rood home more object -than
wages; references. Hot 2624, Call office.
COMPETENT nurse wants position at sani-
tarium or to care for invalid in city; bsst city
reference?. Inquire cr add. 739 Folsom St.,
b-stween Third and Fourth.
SOBER reliable young woman wants position
as cook; no work outside kitchen; best city
references; reasonable wages. Inquire at 739
Folsom et., between Third and . Fourth.
GERMAN cook and man h»Iper want places to-
gether In hotel or boarding-house; city or
country. 212 Xatoma Et., basement.
YOUNG girl to assist with upstairs work and
take, care of children. Call 19 Verona St.,
off Third. .
WOMAN wishes to cook and assist In house-
work for a family of adults. Please call at
7 Van Ness ave.. after 10 o'clock a, m.
SWEDISH woman wishes work; washing. Iron-
ing or housecleanlng; $1 „ day. Addjftsa
2.3 Minna at.
YOUNG woman, student, wishes otflca work to
occupy frur to six hours dally. Address P.
A. B- care Y. W. C. A.. 1259 O'Farrell st.
NORMAL graduate desires position, as book-
keeper or copyist, etc. ; recommendations.
MISS S.; CIO Connecticut St.. city.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
general housework; city or country; $20
; month. Call 924 York st. •
GIRL wnnts a situation to do general house-
work; Is. a good plain cook or second work.
Please call 95S Howard St.; wages $20. . '
AN . elderly Protestant woman; first-class
American cook: elegant baker: .clean and
careful; wages $3 per week. 3484 22d st.
TWO Swedish girls want places to do gen-
eral housework or second work; city or ncrocs
the bay. Call 3M7 24th St.. ne^r Sanchez.
COMPETENT woman wishes washing. Ironing
or hou?ecleanlnp. call or address Grocery,
ccr. Lacuna and Fulton sts. '
j WANTED— Situation to do housework. Call at
843 Franklin st.. Oakland: phone Red 2'*'
! . ~ .- ¦ .. nzm . . \ : * " .. -T
'DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class work,
j will go out by the da": tailor-made suits a
j specialty. U22 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like to take full
j charge of Infant or two children; best city
references; no postals. 10 Wetmore place. ¦
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wants a position
¦ to do housework; best of reference. Call at
¦- 1714 Octayla st. '
¦WOMAN would like situation to do "chamber
work or light housework. -.- Call 803 Turk st.-
[ WINCHESTER House.: 44 Third st near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 &0 night'.. $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
¦ and baggage to and from ferry. ..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056
Valencia st. . ¦ -. -' '* . , . •
• CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office, '2200 Flllmore ot.
CMPLOYMEyiy WAXTEP- -MA— S.
MAN and wife * wish situations; • woman ¦ good
housekeeper; man strong and able to do any
kind of laboring work; fair wages; good ref-.
enccs. , Box 1634. Call office. ¦ ¦¦¦..-¦
STEADY man who can give good references
wants position with undertaker; wants to
learn tha business. Box 1625, Call office.
STRONG young man of. 21 would like^a poel-
tlon of any kind. . Box 1622, Call otflca.
MIDDLE-AGED man. lively and of good hab-
its, wants place to work: handy at anything.
Address H. WICKS, 5G3 Sacramento st. ;
GOOD young- man wants work: will do any-
thing; city or country. Address box C, Call j
branch, 200 Hayes st. _____
BRIGHT boy wishes ¦ to ' learn tho Jewelry
trade; resides with parents. 1115 Stelner st.
EXPERIENCED boy, age 17 years, wls*es
situation in machine shop. Box 1600, Call.
BUTCHER wants position In city or country;
Scandinavian. Box , 1626, Ca.ll office. :¦¦¦, .. - .-; ;
YOUNG married man desires position as ship- j
ping clerk, bill clerk or assistant at books;
experienced ; good reference, . Address Box
15S3. Call office. . . ' . j
SITUATION, by middle-aged man; work about j
private place; good ¦ gardener; -take care,
horse; raise vegetables; refs. Box 1536, CaH.
SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants situ-
ation in small hotel, boarding-house or res-
taurant as dishwasher or. kKehen hand. . Ad- ;
.dress box 1575, Call office. '» ¦ |
TENOR soloist and choirmaster wants poel-
tlon In church. Box 1553. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia «t. ¦ -• - "*'"'" i
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats- on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.: S and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H.- UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10> 1002
. McAllister st. Apply. Q. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montsomery-st.
A CLEAN, sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath;
bay-window; $18 with water. 10'^ Rlngold St.,
off Eighth, between Folsom and Harrison.
GOLDEN GATE, 961, opp. Jefferson square-
Seven 8unny_ rooms and bath, ?32 60.
HILL, 5. corner Valencia— Sunny 7-room flat
and bath; rent $20.- ¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let i
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LEA VENWORTH, 1519%— Flat of 4 rooms; gas
and bath: rent $15; sunny Bide. j
LOWER flat of. 8. rooms. 123S Bush St.. near I
Larkln; rent til. . .
FEATHER riI.l.OW». j
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have j
•their feather pillows cleaned and renovated |
by the lstest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 2U Stevenson st.
- FPRNITIJItiil FOU SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. U27-U31 Market.
FOR uale— Furniture of 7-roorn house. 1S2
Turk st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent,13C5 Larkln: te!. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1M4.
. UELI' WASTKU FJi./IALE.
AT^cTRyHA^Js^N^_"cb7sT7!phVn€»''Gran'ri85
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses for first-class hotel, Los Ange-
les, $20 and free far-';
2 waitresses, same country hotel, short dis-
tance, fare advanced
2 waitresses. Institution, $20, room, board and
washing
3 waitresses, short distances, $20 and $25 a
month A
Waitress, north. $20 and fare paid
.Waitress for coffee parlor, $30, night watch..
1 waitresses, city, for hotels, and 5 wait-
resses for restaurant?, $20 a month and $7
a week "......»
2 chambermaids, country, *20 and) one-half
fare paid '.
............FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Seamstress and do light second work, $20 to
J25; French working housekeeper, $30; hoitas i
girls, second girls, nurse girls, city and coun-
. try; cook, $30; others
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1&4 Geary «t.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone. Main 1575
.......HOTEL DEPARTMENT
€ waitresses, flrst-class city hotels. $20: 2 more
waitresses, Santa Barbara, $10; 8 waitresses,
first-class country . hotels, $20 and $22 CO; 2
chambermaids to wait. $20; cook. $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook. $25; second girl, $20, same family,
country, see lady here, fare paid; 3 house
Klrls", $C5; 15 Blrls for housework and cooking.
815 to $25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
GIRL for small family, see party here to-day,
$25; girl, plain cook. 2 In family. $15; girl,
family of. 6, plain cooking, $25; o very nice
places, email families, nice sunny room for
Elrl. $20 a.nd $25. CALIFORNIA EMPLOY-
MEXT AGKXCY. C9 Third st.
WANTED— A German girl- for general house-
work In small family; one preferred that will
sleep home. Call after 9 a. m. at 766A Har-
¦ rlson Bt., between Third and Fourth.
'WANTED— Young lady to assist stockcuttep.
folding, wrapping, etc.; state wages nn<!
former occupation. Address Printer, box 1629,
Call office. • ¦_
WANTED— Young lady for office work; must
have some knowledge of shorthand and type-
writing; salary $4 per week. Box 1623, Call.
A GIRL to do plain sewing: must understand
running a machine. Apply 251 Jessie St.,
¦ near Fourth.
WANTED— A woman who is bright and dresses
neatly to travel for wholesale house. Box
1627. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do- housework;
small family; German preferred; call 9 to 11
a. m. 3G39 Army st., near Guerrero.
WANTED — A strong young girl to help take
care of a baby. Call Wednesday, from 10 to
12, at 1319 Uolden Gate ave.
WANTED— A first-class saleslady for an Oak-
land cloak and suit house; state experience
and where last employed. Eox 1606. Call.
PAPER BOX FACTORY— Experienced girls
wanted. 'Western Paper Box Co., SO Fremont.
YOUNG girl; 515; general housework. 3326
.Twenty-fifth Bt.; call between 10 and 12.
EXPERIENCED driving, glove makers wanted.
Globe Glove Co.. 62 First st. .
GOOD hands on vests by machine and hand;
also apprentices. 6411J • Stevenson st.
GIRL for general hou3ework; good plain cook;
C25. 1674 Washington st.
WANTED— First-class ironer. Standard Laun-
dry, 114 Hayes st.
WANTED— Girl to attend office and arsist In
laundry. Standard, 114 Hayeu st.
GIRL for cooking; ' assist housework; good
home; $12. .lOQSA Golden Gate ave.
EXPERIENCED tuckers to work In factory;
good wages. 723 Market St., room 35. *
BRIGHT woman to look over work. 723 Mar-
ket St.. room 33. . i.
GIRL for housework. ; Apply at _U7 Pine Bt.
COMPETENT girl U for general housework;
wages $25. 2323 Pine St. . •
AMATEUR sinters wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening. •
GIRL to assist with general housework; small
family. 1510 Pine st. - •
FIRST-CLASS waitress for restaurant. 43
Third st. -, . '.. ¦ , v;
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for laee and
embroidery department. Box 1633. Call.
WANTED — Two good waitresses; good wages
to right person?. Apply 20 Third street.
iWANTED— Bright apprentice girl for ladles'
. tailoring. COHN,- 332 Sutter st.
GIRL wanted' for light housework; good home.
C23 Hal_ht'st. - .- . - - . ,, /:
GOOD girl for general housework. 119 Larkin
. street.
WANTED — First-class talloress ' who can oper-
ate on custom coats. * 916 Market st., room 82.
GIRLS wanted.- St.* Nicholas" Laundry. Seven-
tcenth and Folsom sts.; '.
OPERATORS wanted on wrappers. Apply
. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery St. • . .
YOUNG " girl . to assist with housework . and
care of two children. 923B- Fulton st, • '
EXPERIENCED apprentice and i girls on clia-
tom coats: paid; while learning. 126 Russ 8t.
WANTED— A competent girl i for second work
-. , and assist with waiting : : reference required ;
.V call i from:! to'2.-;/H21 Sutter St. .
EXPER1ENCEDV girls wanted. WEMPB
BROS.' Paper Box Factory. 127. Mission st V..
GIRL. for light housework. Apply. at 1134 Turk
;-. street. ".-¦¦..¦ .-..-¦.¦.-.- • , . :-., , ¦,¦;:-
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. : '. 641 1 Market ; st. ,--, ¦'•.; - - - . . '^
FINISHERS on coats 'and pants and operator
¦ on- pants. -^641 Market, st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing • ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENB-
: BAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 631 Mlsslon.
APPRENTICE wanted for the corset trade;
will bo : paid '¦ what they' are worth. MRS.
FORD. Ml Post st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market st. room 85.
. • HKLH WASTiiU MALE.
AT C. R.- HANSEN _ CO.'S..Phone Grant 1S3
2oi colored coal miners, married and single,
for first-class mine; fare advanced; see party
here. Apply a R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. •
25 COAL miners, married and single; good
wares; cood mines: see party here. C. K.
HAXSEN & CO., 101 Geary st
AT C.^R. HANSEN & CO.. ....Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
<-ook and helper. " country • hotel. $73, see
party here; cake baker, country. $50; second
cook, country hotel. $40; lroner. country ho-
tel, $35; 3 bell boys," $10 and $15; houseman,
country hotel. $20; porter and drive bus.
country hotel, $20; neat porter, country hotel,
$»O. .
Engineer and machinist and run dynamos,
country $50 and found; man and wife, small
. ranch, $40; man and wife, private place. $30:
2 pruners, $1 a day and board; buttermaker
and milker, $35; 6 wood choppers, SOc to $1 25
a cord. , ..-¦>.
a\n. HAKSEN & CO 104 Geary st
WANTED— To hire 20 head of stock and har-
ness suitable for railroad work. Address
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. St.
A— WANTED ..., ;
| Iron molder, country. $3 to $3 50 a day.
• Scandinavian man and .wife for ranch.' $40.
Married farmer for orchard, $40; no work for
wife.
Pruner and plow orchard, $2t.
Pruner for vineyard', $28. ">
Milker. 20 to 2.3 cows, steady place. $25.
Laborer for foundry, city, $1 75 a "day.
.Chore boy and milk, near city, $15. '
Hostler, livery stable. $30 and found.
, 6 woodchoppers to go to-day,' fare paid. .
6 tie and post makers to go to-day, fare paid.
W. P. EWER ( & CO.. 610. Clay St.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED— 7 A. M. TO-DAY..
2 more machine miners ".
; $2 75 a day and found: fare paid
2 laborers ior the mines $35 and found
Foreman for wood and tie camp
see- boss here
Milker, run separator $23 and found
Gardener for nursery. San Mateo County....
see boss hera
4 farm and orchard hands
; $20 and $25 and found
Young man to work In stable and drive
$20 and found
" Butler and wife; married man for ranch on
shares; woodchoppers and tie makers., •
Bartender, country hotel $30
Cook, plain, hotel near city W>
Cook for the mines • .j $50
Walter, city. $25 "...: Dish washers
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
2 BRICKLAYERS and 1 helper, come ready to
work; l'flreman and 1 watchman for planlng-
mill: non-union; no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny St.. room 9.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
10 HAMMEItSMEN, free fare: man to work
on ranch; cook, waiter, man and wife, gentle-
man's place In th# country ; ferryboat cook,
$40; a butler, $40; yard man. 135 East st.
FIRST-CUASS coatmaker; also good bushel-
man for old and new work, for the country.
J. BAUMOARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery et.
WANTED— Bright, active boy about IS: good
appearance; apply 7:30 a.' m. S. N. WOOD
& CO. ,
WANTED— Smart young man as carriage
groom for a first-class place; state age and
height. Box 1C32. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS downtown barber srrap running
several chairs; bargain. D. STOLTZ, 63<
Market . st.
BOYS wanted. Globe Glove Co., C2 First 6t.
MAN, good appearance, for advertising house;
salary ami commission. 41 Third St.. room 10.
BOY wanted to learn tailoring. Apply 9E8 Mis-
sion 1 Bt. ;
$S:0— STEADY man partner: corner saloon.
Particulars cigar-store, 247 Fifth, cor. Folsom.
. 'WANTED— Harnessmaker at S95 Fourth st.
WANTED— Lunch cook, steady and sober, at
CCS Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to EOc. 5S2 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Walter, all-round work, restau-
rant; half day and night. 37 Eddy «t.
HOT for tailor shop. £3 Third st.
WAITER wanted for restaurant. 1550 Market
street. -
WALTER wanted at 422 Sixth St. ; '
BUSHELMAN at 231 Third st. Apply between
11 n. m. and 1 p. m. . .
WANTED— A bootblack for barber shop. 143
Larkln st.
GOOD porter wanted at Charleston Barber
Shcp. 871 Market st.
BOOKKEEPER, single and double entry:
good correspondent and typewriter; ref; state
salary; permanent position. Box 15S7, Call.
<F~TEAMSTERS at once: $175 per day. Cal..
.Emp. Agency, l>i Third st.; phone Red 3L
WANTED — Steady, reliable man to Join me In
small restaurant: $30 month: must have some
cash; no experience required. Apply 436 4th.
WANTED— 1C0 men to tnke rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 920 Howard st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap: 3 living-rooms.
1612V1 Folsom Bt.. near Twelfth.
BARBERS— A complete S-chalr outfit for sale
cheap. Apply 902 Larkin st.
WANTED — Bookkeeper: state age, experience
C and where last employed. Address box 208S,
Call office. Oakland. .
4-CHAIR barher shop for sale: cheap rent; ac-
count sickness. 755!* Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged,' half
price. 662 Mission Bt.: bet. \t\ and 2d ets.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 3 feet
1 inch In height: able to read, write and
epcak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco, Col. -
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the barber trade in two months, saving two
years: mailed free;, we have no 5c shop in
connection with our. college. . Moler's Barber
College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver i House. 217 Third st.; 130 large
rooms: 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address: i#>ney. ad-
vanced to right- pnrty. Call between % and
9 a. m. at 302 Post «t. _________'
UNDERFRESSERS on coats and vests.. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.
WANTED— Graduate optician: Al refraction-
Igt; $150 per month. Box 1505, Call office.
2-CIIAIR shop for sale cheap; doing good busi-
nesg. Inquire 394 Sixth st. •'.-'*
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. -808, Market/ room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and.— -een hands;
all parts: of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
WINCHESTER. House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; "CO rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
' 'bus and . bagxage to and from ferry.- .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at ¦: 1096
v HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES V for sale: -also . wagons. , buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
317-Slxth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE dray : and ' driving i horses. . ¦ Just ' from
- country ; .well matched and vounic. Apply, at
1523 Howard st;, PENN STABLES.
FOR Sale^— A stylish pair of coach horses. 1525"
California; st. '.
8. F." VETERINARY College wiil commence Its
. ?A session June 10. - Catalogue by applying to
•M. - L/ Paneoast, sec, ¦ BIO . Golden ¦ Gate ave.
A' NEW pneumatic-tired. road buggy. DR. L.
• KRAKER, veterinary dentist, 164 Golden
Gate ave.. ; corner Leavenworth st. • : - ¦.: •
STRONG bugpy horse ¦ and. harness, $60. In-
quire aty413_TWenty-nInthvst :^aftery 9 a. m.
THREE fast road * horses; ", also some good
: business horses at 721 Howard «t.
FOR : sale— A 1 Studebaker. carriage in fair con-
dition. ;. Box 1589. Call offic#. ..;
A— 100 . ; SETS second-hand V harness: wagons,
carts.; buggies, : surreys. ; horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN'A No.11 express : ;wagon," single."? also light
- camping . wagon, for sale cheap. -632 Mission.
¦ . HOUSES TO tET., - _
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN - CO., 14 Montgomery.-
BROADWAY, 1932,' near Laguna— _lght room-
bath, laundry: marine view: rent $43.
HOUSES TO LET- -KUIIKISHKD.
CALfFORNIATT'li. "near ~ ValT~Ness— 10-room
house, furnished. Call bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
" * HOOSB CXjISANIXG.
JAPANESE House' Cleaning Co., estab. 18»;
removed to 419 I>vl.«wd"O *t~ f»l- F»U 1M.
~
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent;
F. GOODBAX. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
. I( OST AXD FOCXD.
LOST Tuesday mornlng-A pu? dog wearing a
red leather collar mounted with b«Us; lock
and license. Finder please return to _19
Laguna st. and receive reward.
THE person who took the black Astrakan cape
from Saratoga Hall Saturday^ evenlnr to
known and to avoid arrest return to 109 \ an
Ness ave. .
LOST-A black cocker spaniel dog. Sunday
10th lnst.. on the corner of Twenty-fourth,
and Diamond sts. Return to 2. a Jersey st.
and reeclve reward. • -. • .
PARTY who took overcoat from Mechantes'
Institute will please- return the ««t of the
papers: part have been received from Rall-
¦ road ealoon. - ¦ -
LOST— Silver bead bracelet at Emporium. Feb.
12. Return to B. JOSE* at German Bank and
receive reward. ' . ¦
LOST— Black and white greyhound dog. Return
to 2023 Mission at.: reward. ¦ ¦
LOST— Gold pin; three hearts in <"J* : *° rKe *:
me-nots: reward. G. M. CUMMLNG. 143
Crocker building. ¦
FOUND— Brlndle bull pup: owner can hava
same by proving property and paying ex-.
penses. H. McGLAELAN. 233 Second st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. ?13 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
3IATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
M^LTTR^P^E^TnTTpiToistery; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-330 Eleventh st.
BIEDICAL.
DR and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market, the well-
known ladles' sseclalifts: 32 -years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat th<»mselve3 should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a >ure cure: gives instant relief: harm-
less: any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DRS. GOOnWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable: 10
years In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced In
S. F. since 1SS4; maternity home; fee low.
1007% MarkPt street, near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Market,
opp. 5th: world-renowned ladles' sp<>ciaUst:
cafe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
: years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fail call on htm.
MRS. DR. KOHL. »97 Market Bt.. cor. Sixth—
Eafe and reliable ladles' physician; 25 years*
successful practice: positive cure guaranteed;
when others fail consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment; home for Datlents; con-
sult free. 942 Po?t St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market.
bet. Taylor and Mason: 'ladles* specialist.
MATKIMOMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 1S76; reliable; con-
fldentlal lists, 10c. 323 Kearny st.. rms. 6-4.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz, 7W Ellis.
ailSC—LLAX—OL'S FOU SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Zil-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, .195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap— 1 Gray & Woods planer, 27
ft. bed; 1 sawmill for timber; 1 pat. dry
house. 30W ft. capacity: 1 Ccodall & Waters
lumber planer. CzS4; knife grinder; turning
lathe; upright borlntr machine. Iron frame and
table, pully. Style borer; Jointer; band saw;
cutoff and rip saws; band paw filer, and other
machinery. Apply to C. W. BURGESri. caret
P. A. Buell, Stockton. Cal. ' __^
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
• have a large stock of saloon c-'tilts on band;
S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can chip everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 103. 1023 Mission St..
' above Sixth: write for eatalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
JG per month; write for catalogue arid price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machine?, $3 per month.
American, men's size, 14 karat filled watches:
Boss or Crescent make, with Waltham or
Klirln movements: only $11 at UNCLE- HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, selis , or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear St.
A — 20-TON Howe ¦ waaron .scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California, st.
400.000 hard pecond-hand bricks: Baldwin site.
Apply on premises: JOHN MOORE.
FOR pale — 50,000 feet second-hand lumber at
foot of Second St.; old soap works.
CIGAR factory outfit for sale: tables, molds,
presses, etc. Inquire at "IS Sansome st.
40 II. P. boiler and engine complete cheap; can
be Men running. 204 Mission st.
A 15 AND 25 H. P. bcller; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, 133 Beaie st.
1 BARNES S-tn. swing lathe; 13 H. P. Hercules
gasoline eng. ; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 631 Mission.
ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery st.. sell
at low figures all makes M-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KUOGH MFO. Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 51« Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN 8AFE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento 'st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
. pictures. BULLARD &. ERECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES- New »nd second-hand: all sizen. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market »t.. San Fran.
I SCnLL^VKO^^^
WANTED — Small safe In good order; Inside
about 17x12x12. Box 13S4. Call office.
WANTED— A coupe or brougham cheap for
cash. Eox 15S0. Call office. . .
A — KLEIN pays best price fof clothing.- btic-a-
. brae, old (cold. 10» Sixth st. ; phone Jessie 14!.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought ft
fold. Sllverman. 9S4 Fol«om: tel. Folaom 1131.
MOXEV TO LOAN. '
A^MONEY to loan at rates which 'people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends Or you will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
.and you will be. better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Booms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any aniount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
¦ mortgages and secirrltles. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per centrist. ?d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R..McCOLQ.\N. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private -place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
st.;. tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— SSOO.000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages: notes, and col la t-
erls. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, .etc., by private
¦ party; no removal; no commission: «onflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HEUTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: .no removal; money
- quick: lowest Interest: eajy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 69.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, — n. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
.: low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sanaome, rm. z.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%. undi-
vided lnts.; estates. HARPER.397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New. York plan. THE
-TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
"MONET to loan on furniture \>y prlvte party
-low rate. ' 917 Market st,. room L
CAEH loaned to salaried people on note without
, tadorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner butldlnar.
TO : salaried people without collateral or In-
¦ dorser. S. F. Discount Ageacy. 113 Phelan big.'
BrCSICAL IX ST-,~M— ~T».
ANY person havlns use for a piano can b« ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay>_ Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of tbetr grade, from Stelnway r down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Bteinway any ttm*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold fir }S cash and
JG per month. We offer .to sell some irocd
pianos for 13, $4 and J5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
AT wholesale— 100 new pianos till March 1.
S13S ur>. -Greatest offer ever mada tn San
Francisco in prices, and terms.
1 Steinway. all uprights $1«
1 Novella 63
1 Hallet & Davla , 493
1 Ilatnes - 14-1
1 Chlckerins 340
"We handle all makes. Ajtents for soras of
the oldest pianos In existence— Hallet _ Davis.
Eehr Bro« . Jewett, etc.; agents wanted.'
HEINE PIANO COMPANY. 217 Geaxy st.
ON sale— Steinway upright. J1SS. »7 Geary »t..
room 3S.
IF its barsalns you want, read thesa prices:
Good square. JoC: French upright, small size.
tlOO: beautiful walnut Merleton. two flna
Decker & Son, almost Ilka new. and other
bargains that we will sho— you when you
Call. MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. <63 Market 3t.
SIEGEL plays the "Re^al." "
The " 'Recal' is best." says Slejel.
And you want the best mandolin. If you hav*
any at all: you want a "Resal.
We are agents for the "Regal ruitars ani
mandolins.
MAUVAIS* MUSIC CO.. 763 Market «t.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and la— rest hou*»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2«.
23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all —Tides
and prices: terms easy- prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. /
5 ORGANS, from J25 to J60.
5 second-hand pianos, from 175 to 1145.
4 new uprlgrhts from $130 to $193. ¦___._.,__.
Guaranteed: easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON. 16-1S-2O CFarreli st:
Chlckerins agency.
A BONA-FIDE cleaning, out removal sale of
second-hand pianos at low auction prices. CO
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1719
Market st-
W \NTEt>— Five cood square pianos for eoun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
PARTY goinfc East must sacrifice fine standard
make upright piano. 324 Golden Gat» av«.
HIGH-GRADE Dlanos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wilty B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAKl3tcr St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY now grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORN UNO. 21S McAllister.
BTRON MAl'ZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman Pianos. tO8 Post.
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions: se* our
leader, only t\l% BRUENN. 2C3 Post st.
3- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain: owner
leaving city. 2—3 Mission St.
AT KEEFFE'S. 133 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. '» per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes sx.
SUPERIOR Tlollns. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. - Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pagea. In wrnrrer. for mailing. fUper year.
~~ ainv_s a>d siiNiXG.
MINES bought ar.d sold: also stocks la mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. - 475-
470. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
OFFICES A>D STOIIES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. ; occupied as grocery and bar for past M
years; rent $20: water free. Apply to i». H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TWO offices and a showroom to let. Apply at
16 Second at.
CHEAP, light ofnees. Emma Spreckels bulld-
lng. 977 Market st. -
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 530 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2303 ACRES ell land: $5 to J3000 per acre. vF.
C. HAMILTON. 3 Flood buHdlng.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
ICEJiN" RiTer; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS A>_» DECOHATOR.S.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. S3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open eTenlr.ga.
TALMISTnY.
II. JEROME FOSSELLJ. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: trl. Black 681.
PATENTS. AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: -no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBE—U Lawyer.. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
IF you want to be successful in all your affairs
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
Is good within your reach, you must learn
how to Influence people: I will teach you
how. MRS. VALEEN. 215 Leavenworth «t.
ON and after this date I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted la my name,
'unless previously approved by my wife. an<2
thereafter Indorsed by the undersigned.
CIIA3. E. BOWEN.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. 728 Sixth ave..' Richmond District.
MAN wishes position as companion to gentle-
man of leisure: no objection to country or
travel. Box 1311. Call of flee. ¦''-... -
NOTARY to acknowledge pension papers arter
6 p. m. In hotel. Tucslays and Friday nights;
state terms. Box US.. Call office.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
A-$3 69 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Plneu.
FINE suits. J10: dress pants. J2 73. MI3FIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Tl Montgomery sU
ELECTRIC ll*ht in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 E0 per night; tl 50 to »5 per weeH:
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
WHITE enajnel iron bed-, single, three-tsuarter
or double. S. 25. EASTERN OUTFTTTINQ
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
MACHINE turning, metal splnnlnsr. brass fln-
Ishlng & models made. A. Qraff. 13 Stevenson.
HEALTHY Jboy -or girl bahy for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Aiameda 1
| SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 S-tter st.
MASQUERADE costume-, play books, wigs i;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 MUt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, th» best
corn enre; 2~: alt druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: r*st?~ s *™T
hair to Its natural color; «: at all druggists.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions-
received at Call branch office, KOO Flllmore- st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlco and residence.
1021H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE^ — CITY— FOR SALB.
BARGA1NS Gettlns More Scarce Dally.
A. M. Speck & Co.. «— Market St.
Opposite Kearny.-
Mission-street Corner.
$33,000— Refused $70,000 7 year* ago: corner
Mission and 14th sts.; 170x16-) feet: S
frontages: bank mortgage S-i.000: want
offer; must sell. .
Sutter-street Corner.
$.100,000— Three frontages; 137:6x373: finest tltt
In city for church or sanitarium.
Two Corners.
$75.000 — Xew Improvements; lot 80x123; rent*
5333.
$70.000— Reduced From SS2.CC0.
Choice corner lot. 75-foct front: within *4 blocS
of Market St.: with old Improvements;
rents about. MOO: the only corner that
can -be bought vicinity of Sixth street.
$35,000— Corner north of Market, east of Jones;
W-foot front; pays 6 per cent net.
Clay-atreet Corner.
137:6__7:S feet: NW. corner Clay and Gongh
sts.: magnificent marine view; cheap-
est 50-vara In the city for bon-ton resi-
dence or fiats; easily worth JVO.OCO.
Hotel Corner.
E0.000-€0 feet front: vicinity of Sutter st..
east of Leavenworth st,: finest hotel.
office or rooming-house site.
$12,500— Leavenworth St.; fine locality; rents
$1CO net.
Jackson-street Residence. . ;'.'" •
$11.000— Near Van Ness ave.; every mode— I
convenience: 14 rooms and 2 baths:
- built 6 years; mortgage $S0OO; lot 3Sx
120; building cost . more than prtcs
asked.
Building for sale; to be removed; No. 420
Eddy street.
• A. If. SPECK & CO..
867 Market Street, '
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park. _en
call on W. J. GUNS. _0 California st.Hickox Compromises.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 12.— The marital trou
bles of Mre. Etta Hlckox^and her hus
band; H.' O.Hickox.-the well-known cap
italist, ¦which culminated In a divorce suit
a few months ago, have been compromised
and he has agreed not to oppose his wife's
suit for divorce.
NAPA. Feb. 12.— Michael :Qulnn. a na
tive of Canada, aged 39,* a patient at the
Napa State Hospital, committed frora
Colusa County In March. 1S&6, ¦, committed
suicide by hanging yesterday.'
Patient Hangs Himself.
Smallpox at Vallejo.
chants' Exchange, San .Francisco. Cal..
February 12. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of th© new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the.lSOth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
CO. CALK1X8.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charza.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce, U. S. Jf., Mer-
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are <tlven in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The height* given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. Th» plane of reference
is the mean of the. lower low waters.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY U.
Sun rises ¦ 7:03
Sun sets : 5:45
Moon rises t:S a. m.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Waters at Fort Potnt. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official .au
thority of the Superintendent. • »l-
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Sun, Moon and Tide.
PALACE HOTEL.
R M Meln. Oakland i
T B Sweeney. W Vi '
D II Barnes, Chtcaco
I J Norton. Loa Anp
C M Stevenson, Stanfd
W.E SchoeolCe'. N T
Miss McRae. Portland
D McRac. Portland
T Hill. Tosemite
W T Hill. Tosemlta
W J Frances, Lcs Ang
J Clark & w. Spokane
C D Bell. Spokane
J L Sale. Dawsoa
J Lloyd £ w. Cal
G Loeb. San Jose
Mr A Mrs Canfteld & ;
•on. Wash. DC •
T O Foeger. Prk Rldre
M Lawrence ft w. Cal
W S Bralnard & w, O,
L Detz. Philadelphia, j
F S Glass. Berkeley I
M B Ktrr. G Valley I
J Welnsbiln. G Valley
G Moore, Omaha
C H Roonnr. Phlla
J H Wag-ner, Australia.
B t, Me-r-r. Kr
W E Moore. Ill
C H Birelow & w. St
Paul
S M Rabbins. B C
E C Burnslde ft w.
Seattle ¦
F Burnslde.- Seattle
W B Jerome. Chicago
R Watchorn. Wash. DC
R E Hyde. Vlsalla,
R L Lucas. N C
H M Clay. Salt Lake
H B Maxson, V s A
L F Coburn. Tr«ka
M C Burn. Cal
T R Shepard. Cal
W W Reed. Astoria,
Mrs C Maekay. Wl*
F J Maekay & w,.Wli
P C Drescher. Sacto
Mrs J B Wright Sac
Miss Drescher. Sacto
S H Jenka A w. R I
E Q Jecka. R I
iH B Wheelock. Chin
'D Munson & w. K T
E D Wheeler & w.MJcl*
|H Wheeler. Mich
]A B Cohen. N T
!H H Knapp & w.Nao*
;H L Whitman. Ma
S Schlmmel. X T
W Gilbert. Irleand
C A Hawkins, Canter
bury
E H Pearse. Perw>y
j B 8 Wood. Plttsburg
W B Caste!. Cleveland
D W Steven*. WaahLC
(Mrs C L Stanley. JJ T
IT Hemey * w, 8 Jcse
!C A Miller. Los Any
Mrs S M Thomas. Chle
W W Wrfght. Pomona
T> F Warnock. Chicago
jMrs H J Booth. N T
1 P A Staike. Or
S S Gordon, Astoria
I M Henry ft w. Or
P t. McDermott. .N T
s L Hellman. Ky
8 J Burhes. N T
O E Edward A w. Ma
Miss Col em an. Ma
E Durant. B C
W E Hampton ft w,
Lcs Anseles
S A Watson. PhHa
D Smiley. >S T
J E CollU. ClnclnaaU
D R Bean. Sacto
W J B Lee. BakersSM
Mrs W C Daniels. Colo
Miss M G Marsh. Colo
P Hersey. San Jo»«
Mrs G McNeil. S Cms
Mrs C Thomas, Tacom
Mrs H B Caldwell.
Tacoma
Dr W G Downlnr. Cal
Dr J W Stltt. Vicar
Mrs Stltt. Vacaville
J W Moor* ft w. Seattl
C E Shephard, Seattle
C A Riddle. Seattlt
D J Bonsfleld. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Sea well A w. Cal,
T J Sheridan & w.Cal
A D Lovejoy. Stanfrd
Mrs Flower. Sacto
Miss Flower, Sacto
B W Flower. Sactc? ,
C Scimster ft w. WTs
Mm L Malloiix. Mo
H G Lncas. Los Ang
H D Klrmser. Alaska
Mrs T Clark Placenr!
E A WalromS. Fresno
F M Helm. Fresno
Mrs W A Shamond.
Lea Ancelts
L L Cody & w.Fresno
O Bauer, w A daucn,
Colo.
Mrs L Grant. MtVlrw
B Fordham. Alma
Mrs M Cook. Wash-
Mrs J E Burr. Brkley
Dr T J Clark & w.
-Berkeley
Mr* G A Carder. Cal
Mrs C B Eaton. Cal
Mix* F Carder. Cal
Miss V Orier. Sn Jose
Miss M Ocler.Sn Jos*
C S Osier. San Jose
M J CRlelly. Cal
A S CoopeT, Oakland
B Ricks. Cal
W B Mlniler. Cal
A Mayer iw. Ark
F Foster. Hanford
D L iJackjon. Hanfrft
Mrs R P Hill. Cal
J P Fowler * w. Or
W A FUh. Red BlufT
F C Brewer. Tacoma
G W Muckley. Mo
Mrs A C Brown. Mo
A M Broira. Hollister
W L Morris. Woodlnd
E L Hawk & w. 8«to
J W Saerart. Cal
G H Andrews. Detroit
J M Adams. Chicago
E T Drenbox. P Alto
L A Lac?. San Jos*
H". VT King. Uilah
S Miles. River* ids
C D Owen. JJ J
A B Menier, Los Ang
M Brooker A w. Ca)
L H Applerat*. M«rod
Mrs T H Mill*. Artc
A J Morse. Saa Jos*
T Bond. LaXe Port
R C Meysenbeir. IU
M L Helman. Butts
J Sendler. Cal
J McDonald Uealo P
M Schloss, Chlearo
Dr M Hute, Los An*
E H Minor. Los Aac
J M Jones, Coins*.
F-T Wilson * w.
Tfcccm* • i.- *
HOTEL ABETVALS.
TO SAIL.
"Was Done.
SEATTLE. Feb. 12.— Details of the re-
I cent earthquake which gave the little
| town of "White Horse. Alaska, a hard
shaking up have Just reached Seattle.
The severity of the shock was not appre
ciated fully when first reported.
For fully thirty seconds the earth was
moving about In that peculiar and dedd
edry unpleasant way earthquakes have.
The shock came most unexpectedly and
threw the town Into the wildest kind of
excitement.
Men on the street were thrown down,
horses stood paralyzed or stumbled and
fell, houses swayed backward and for
ward, dishes were thrown from cupboards
and smashed en the floor. The ofSce of
the Tribune was hit the hardest. The
type was pled, and matter already on th»
stone was scattered about in a confused
mess.
Gain for Corbett.
BALEM.Or.. Feb. 12.— The Senatorial
ballot to-day brought another change of
the McBrlde forces and another break la
the ballot. The McBrlde men went to
Blnger Hermann, while Black, who has
been voting for Hermann, went to Cor
bett. Edson. Orton and Watson, who are
Democrats, voted for R. D. Inman. The
Corbert forces remain solid, and with tha
gain of one to-day now constitute a ma
jority of all the Republican members.
The vote was as follows: Corbett 32.
Bmlth 22. Hermann 23. R. D. Inman 3,
Williams 1. not voting 1. absent 2.
TEMBLOR AT WJAITJC HOUSE
WAS VEST SEVERE
Vibrations Lasted for Thirty Seconds,
but Little Serious Damage
attack the decree, which they agreed to
do next Monday, waiving notice of hear
ing and proceed at once to trial of the
petition for decree and distribution. The
special Intent will b* to determln* what
Interest Lydla C. \Vickersham took In tha
estate of her husband, the late Petaluraa
banker.
the matter of the estate of Lydia C.
TVickersham. Attorneys Metson ami
Lippitt & Llppitt. representing the de
fense, took ten days to answer. They
then insisted that the contest of th© -will
of the late I. G. "Wlckersham was ready
for trial and they chould proceed at once.
The plaintiff agreed to dismiss thl3 con
test if the attorneys for the defense
would Immediately tile final account and
decree of distribution so that he could
Plaintiff Decides to Attack the X>«
cree of Distribution and Not
the Will.
SANTA ROSA. Feb, 12.— The Wicker
sham will contests came up for trial this
morning In Judge Burnett'3 department
of the Superior Court, but a new nova
on the part of the plaintiff's attorney
made another mlssflre In the salt. Francis
J. Haney. attorney for the plaintiff, Cora
L. TA'lckersham, widow of the late Frank.
P. Wlckersham, who la contesting the
wills of the late I. G. Wickersham and his
•wife. Lydla C. "Wickerahara, was per
mitted to file an amended complaint In
ANOTHEE MOVE IN THE
WICK t-rffJTrT A "W CONTEST
SEATTLE. Feb. 12.— The Pacific Cliprer
line has secured three of tha largest ves
sels of the Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany, which have been plying between
San Francisco and the lsthmns of Pan
ama. These vessels are to be used by tha
Pacific Clipper line la th# Nome trade dur
ing th« coming summer. They are the
Pern, the City of Sydney and tha City of
Para.
The negotiations for the vessels were
concluded last night. These vessels will
be reinforced by a fourth, which the com
pany has purchased for the Nome nrn.
The departure of the City of Sydney. th«
first or the fleet to sail for Nome, has
been scheduled for the 1st of June. She
is 353 feet long and has 2017 tons gross
tonnage. She can carry 700 passengers.
The Peru and the City of Para, which
are sister ships to the City of Sydney, are
of 3352 tons gross capacity. Each of them
can take 700 passengers. They will follow
the Sydney in their sailings.
Captain E. E. Caine. president of the*
Pacific Clipper line, has" been busy some
time securing these vessels. He will put
the fourth on the run during the last of
April, the earliest sailing date for Noma
during the cording season. From present
Indications the Nome fleet Is to be aug
mented by still mora bottoms this year,
as some of the companies are now look
ing for other ships.
Fleet of the Pacific Clipper
Line Is Considerably
Augmented.
Captain Cains Purchases the Peru,
City of Sydney and City oX
Para From Pacific
epedal Dispatch to The CalL
MORE VESSELS
FOR NOME RUN
TUESDAY, February 12.
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Diejo; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Pejr
kins & Co.
Ger stmr -Eva, Peterson. Hontfconr: Myer.
"Wilson & Co.
Bark Mauna Ala. Smith, Honolulu; J D
Epreckels & Brcs Co.
• • . • SAILED.
•lUESDAT. February Jt
Stmr Coos Bay, Nieolson, San Pedro.
SUrr Pomona, fchea. Eureka.
Stmr Glpsey, Leland, Santa Crux.
Stmr South Coast. Olaen.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, Trinidad.
Stmr Columbia, Dor^n. Astoria.
Ship Cavaliere Ciamua. Maresca. • Queens
town. - ¦ "
Ship Isaac Reed. Holmqulstp Seattle.
Bark Olympic, GIbbs, Honolulu.. • "
Fr bark Vendee. Le Hesarat, Queenstown.
Schr Laura' Madsen, Ayplund, Grays Harbor.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. Coca Bay. -sSBWii
Schr North Bend. Jackson, Willaoa Harbc.
Schr -W F Jewett, Nicolson. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.'
POINT LOBOS. Feb 12 (10 p. m.)— "Weather
cloudy; wind calm. " '
DISASTER. • .
"^VICTORIA. Feb 12— Stmr Frederlca report*
a Bhlp ashore off Tatoosh. ..-,.-.
. . MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA. Feb 11— Br ship Ilala, from Mon
tevideo for Vancouver, reported off Cape Beale
on the 11th lamt.1 1 HI* Hlfil )iiiiillimwhWi||ft|i|L ii I
- SPOKEN.
Dec 28. 35 S 36 'W—Br ; ship Wanderer, from
Tacoma for Bristol. • '¦¦ ¦ - ¦
. Feb ' 9, 61 N 16 > W—Br bark St Mary's Bay,
from Tacoma.' for Algoa Bay.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
TUESDAY. February 12.
Etmr Progress. Monroe, 89 hours from Ta-
Stm'r Roanoke, "Weaver.'' 11% day« from
Panama.-: '" i
Stmr DesDatcn, Johnson, 33 hours from San
, Pedro.
" Stmr : Leelanaw, Storrs. 92 hours from
Seattle.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey. 76 houn from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Monterer. Beck, 73 hours from Coos
Ba.
Schr Anteloce. Bjorkcren. 7 days from Ca-
Quille River.
Stmr John S Klmball, Twlng, 9 days and It
hours from Kahului.
Notice la hereby given that Berkeley Reef
Beacon, a slncle-plle beacon crossed with
boards, about 105 feet W S W. H W of reef, has
disappeared. This beacon will be rebuilt as
coon as practicable.
This notice affects ths List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 24.
By order of the Liththouse Board.
" U. SEBREE,
Commander, U. S. X..
Inspector Twelfth lighthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence.
BAY-CALJFORN I A
Notice to Mariners.
Office U. S. Lighthouse Inspector.
Twelfth District,
BAN . FTtAXCISCO, February 12.' 1901.
NOTICE TO MARINERS-SAN FRANCISCO
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Australia, which 6ailed Monday
for Tahiti, carried the following: merchandise,
valued tt {24.770: ¦ #
Forty-six bxs apples, 1S.2S4 lbs bread, 13 erf
bicycles, 177 ctls barley, 104 cs canned goods, is
cs candles, 7S cs ccal oil. 75 bdls cordage, S2S8
lbs beans, 4799 lbs bran, 7000 bricks, tl cs drujrs.
60 bales dry roods, 445 bbls flour. 303 pkrs gro
ceries and provisions. 7 bales hay. 89 cs hard
ware. 15.000 laths. IK. 114 ft lumber, 27 cs lamp
roods, 16 crs mill-work, 9 hers lead, 5 pkge ma
chinery. 29 crs onions, 39 cs 6 bbls oil. 66 crs
potatoes, 1491 lbs sugar, 3651 lbs salt. 6 cs sad
dlery, IS crs sewing machines. 10,000 shingles.
11 cs shoes, 10,733 lbs rice, 110 cs 6 bbls salmon.
145 cs soap. SCO lbs tea, 30 crs vegetables. 97 crs
wagon material, 627 rals wine. 14 ctls wheat.
The French bark Vendee sailed yesterday for
Queenstown for orders with C.362.ctls wheat,
valued at J61.S8O, and 23.000 It lumber aa dun
nage, valued at {330.
Wheat Shipments.
Shipping Merchants.
The British steamer Alm&nd Branch will load
lumber at Portland for Shanghai; the British
steamer Port Stephens, lumber on Pujet Sound
for Port Plrie. 5€s 3d: the Robert Sadden, lum
ber on Puget Sound for Sydney, 52s 6d, option
of Melbourne or Adelaide. 60s. prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer Zealandia will leave for
Port Los Angeles to-morrow afternoon.
At that point she will take on S00 Porto
Ricans, who are to work on the sugar
plantations In the Hawaiian Islands. The
passengers will be landed at various
plantations on the different islands, and
when the Zealandla's work is done she
will go to Honolulu and load for S«ia
Francisco.
"Water Front Notes,
The Humboldt Steamship Company's
Humboldt will come out of retirement to
morrow. She will at once go into com
mission and will sail from here for Eu
reka. Fr.om Eureka she will go to Seattle,
and then will resume her famous fast
runs between ihat point and Skaguay.
The rush of freight for the Ventura has
been something enormous during the last
twenty-four hours. Monday night a string
of laden wagons extended from the ferry
to Pacific Etreet, and yesterday evening
the line still extended from Washington
to Pacific In a. double row. The Ventura
will get away to-morrow night at 9
o'clock.
The old schooner Lily L, that for a
couple of winters served as an ark for
Donald Ross at Sausalito. is burled under
fourteen feet of Ice near Cape Xome, and
she may go to pieces In the spring. The
Lily L was formerly a sealer, but latterly
has been on a trading cruise to the Sibe
rian coast. Making Cape Nome she was
carried down by the tide and struck on
the stem of the tug Discovery. She sank,
and before any attempt could be made to
raise her the cold wave came and she waa
frozen in. . . , : .-^
Lily L Is Frozen' In.
The Mohican will take aboard about 250
apprentices here, and when everything Is
ready will start on a cruise to the South
ern Seas. She will call at Santa Barbara,
San Diego, Magdalena Bay and Honolulu.
On her return to San Francisco she will
go north, calling at all the Puget Sound
ports and stopping on the Columbia River
on her way home. Most of the voyaging}
will be done under sail, but the Mohican
has steam power that la calculated to
drive her at the rate of nine knots an
hour. '
• The United States training ship Mohican
Is down from Mare Island, and while to
all appearances she Is the same old-timer,
nevertheless there is not an old timber
left In her, and the sloop-of-war Is now
as good as the day she was launched.
Bark-rigged and presenting an appear
ance that recalls the Hartford and other
famous ships of the old days, she is one
of the most picturesque vessels in the bay.
Soon Start on Cruise.
Rebuilt at Mare Island, She Will
MOHICAN IS GOOD AS NEW.
Just as day ¦was breaking the deserters
were sighted. Their boat was under sail,
but when -they saw the other boat coming
they at 'once got out the oars and pulled
with their utmost strength. Captain
Munro caught ihem as they were making
a landing, but told them to keep on mov
ing, as all he wanted was his boat and the
ship's compass. Yesterday "the men
reached San Francisco, footsore and
weary- They are without money, and
some of them would be glad to bo back
on the Borealls again. "
About ten minutes after the men had
got away. Captain Munro came on deck
and walked aft to see how the schooner
was heading. When he found the com
pass gone and then, missed one of the
boats' be knew what was the matter and
called " all remaining hands. With three
hunters and a boat steerer he got into an
other boat and started in pursuit, after
telling the mate to-head the schooner In
shore. /
The British sealing schooner Borealls
has had a good season off the coast, but
still the men did not like the vessel, and
they were willing to forfeit ihelr "lay" If
they could only get ashore. Five of them
bribed the night watchman, and one night
last week -while the* schooner was off Fort
Ross they stole on* of the ship's boats
and the ship's compass and started for the
shore.
They Run Away With Schooner's Boat and
Compass, but Are Overtaken as They Are
Beaching Craft Near Fort Ross.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 12— Br stmr Almond
Branch, for Portland. Or.
UMPQU A— Arrived Feb >-Schr Lecy, from
San Pedro.
EAST SAN PEDRO-^SaHed Feb \ 11— Stmrs
Despatch and Samoa, for Saa Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed la Feb 12— Ship
W H Macy.
Arrived Feb 12— Bktn Robert Sodden, from
Honolulu: ship W H Macy. from Honolulu.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Feb X3— Stmr
Cre«cent City, for San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr
Rainier, hence Feb «.
FISHERMAN3 BAT— Sailed Feb 12— Bear
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Georgt
Loomis, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb 12— U S atmr
Gedney. from cruise.
Sailed Feb 12— U S «tmr Farragut.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr National
City, for Saa Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 12— Schr Fortuna.
hence Feb 4; stmr W H Kruger. from San
Pedro.
Sailed Feb 12— 6chr Lottie Carson, for Saa
Pedro: stmrs North Fork. Eureka and West
port, for San Francisco^
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr O W Elder.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 12— Tug Barapsea aad barge,
hence Feb $. ¦ -
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 12— 8tmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived F»b 12— 6tmr Se
quoia, hence Feb 1L
Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Sequoia, for Saa Fran
cisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Feb 12— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Feb 8.
Sailed Feb 12— Schrs Newark and Mary Etta,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled Feb 10-6ilp Reuce, for
Cape Town.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Repeat.
henc« Feb 2.
Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Rival, for Saa Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
SALINAS CRUZ— Sailed Feb 11— Scar C H
Merchant, fcr Port Townsend.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 11— Br ship Eudora,
hence gej>t 13.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Jan J-Br ship Carradale,
from Newcastle, Aua.
Sailed Dec n— Br shij> Scottish Glens, fer
Oregon. Jan 20— Ger bark Marco Polo, for San
Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Sonoma,
hence Jan 24.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Dec 23— Fr bark
Commandant Marcbant, for San Francisco.
In cort Jan 10. loading — Schr Defiance, bark
Hesper, schr Manila, bark Big Bonanza. Br
bark Battle Abbey, bark Alex McXeill. bktn
Louisiana, bark Highlands, all for Honolulu;
bktn Omega, for Lahalna; Fr bark Francois,
for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Feb 12— Bark Rafua E
¦Wood, from Chemalnus.
VICTORIA— Passed up Feb IS— Stmr Fred
erica, hence Feb 8; stmr Mlneola. from Port
Los Arceles.
Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Stat» of California,
hence Feb 10. ¦ .
AUCKLAND, N Z— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr
Sonoma, from San Francisco^ via Honolulu
and Apia, for Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK-Salled Feb 12— Stmr Cymric.
for Liverpool.
ALGIEKA— Arrived F»b 12— Stmr August*
Victoria, from New York, via Madeira. «tc
CAPTAIN OF A SEALER
CAPTURES DESERTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 190 J.
11
VAL.LEJO. Feb. 12.— A well developed
case of smallpox was discovered by
Health Officer Anderson to-day In a cabin
at the southeast. "corner of Marln and
Maine streets. The cabin Is occupied by
a colored family, named Tingle and the
patient Is J. H. - Tingle. 25 years of a^e.
He recently came from San Francisco,
where he was employed in a barber shop.
He 'lived at a boarding and rooming house
on Stevenson street, where there were two
cases recently..- All the inmates of the
house, including Tingle, were vaccinated,
but the latter had already contracted the
disease. ' - ¦
Steamer. | . Des:' nation. Sails. I Pier.
Febrnnry 13. S
Argo.... Coquille Rlrer 4 pm Pier 2
Centennial... Seattle & Tacorta... 10 am Pier I
New burg Grays Harbor Spm Pier 2
Queen .San Diego ;.... 9 am Pier 11
CoqullJe Rive Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 28
Kebrnarj- 1-4.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 am! Pier 7
February 15.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 1J
WalWWalla. Puget Sound Port« 11 am Pier *
Corona .Newport ? am Pier 11
Febrnarr 16. |
Kmplre ".. 'Coos Bay (10 am Pier 1»
Point Arena..! point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. HumfeoMt 9 am Pier 3
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City... Eureka » am Pier —
February 17. ] I
¦Alllnnc* Portland & Coos B 9 amJPler —
Pomona iHumboMt I 2 pm Pier 9
San Pedro.... IHumbolJt 13 am Pier Z
O. W. Elder, i Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San DlfKo I am Pier 11
F*bmary 18.
Arcata ICeos Bay 12 m Pier 13
City of Para. Panama & "Way Pis 12, in PMSS
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
February 10.
Roanoke Panama I pm Pier 34
Nippon Maru China & Japan 1 pmiPMS3
Bonlta Newport 9 amjPler 11
Steamer.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Lcelnnavr Seattle • £ 'Feb. II
Eureka... Bumboldt Feb. 13
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 13
Corona Xewport Feb. U
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. IS
Empire Coos Bay Feb. II
O. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 14
Palena Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Point Arena. .. Point Arena s IFeh. 14
Santa Rosa San DI»f» Feb. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Mattewan Tacoma, Feb. 14
Mandalay Coqutlle River Feb. 14
San Pedro Hnmboldt Feb. 14
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Feb. 14
Pomona Humtvoldt Feb. 13
LT mat Ilia Pmtet Sousd Ports Feb. 1«
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 18
Fulton Grays Harbor. Feb. IS
Bergrenbns China via San Diego... Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport -, Feb. 17
Queen San Dletto ' i Feb. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. F»b. 17
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. IS
Federlca Nanatino Feb. IS
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 19
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle [Feb. 19
— Time Time) Time Tlm«
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• JH W h VC H W 1L. Wl
iTTT. 6:09 6.2 1:3 0.5 8:42 4.1 ...... TTTTT
L W H V L W H W
14 ... 0:54 S.O 7:03 S.< J:1S 0.0 »:30 4.4
13... 2:00 2.» 8:00 5.S 3:01—0.2 10:11 4.7
15 ... 2:3! 2.7 S:S5 S.8 3:C— 0.4 10:47 5.0
17... S:40 S.2 >:4T 6.S 4:26—0.8 U:% 6.1
13... 4:2$ 1.8 10:1? 6.0 6:06 -0.J 11:58 5.4
19 ... 5:li| 1.4 11:29) 5.8 6:«| ' 0.0| :...
— Time Time) Time Tlm«
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• JH W h VC H W 1L. Wl
iTTT. 6:09 6.2 1:3 0.5 8:42 4.1 ...... TTTTT
L W H V L W H W
14 ... 0:54 S.O 7:03 S.< J:1S 0.0 »:30 4.4
13... 2:00 2.» 8:00 5.S 3:01—0.2 10:11 4.7
15 ... 2:3! 2.7 S:S5 S.8 3:C— 0.4 10:47 5.0
17... S:40 S.2 >:4T 6.S 4:26—0.8 U:% 6.1
13... 4:2$ 1.8 10:1? 6.0 6:06 -0.J 11:58 5.4
19 ... 5:li| 1.4 11:29) 5.8 6:«| ' 0.0| :...
Steamer. | . Des:' nation. Sails. I Pier.
Febrnnry 13. S
Argo.... Coquille Rlrer 4 pm Pier 2
Centennial... Seattle & Tacorta... 10 am Pier I
New burg Grays Harbor Spm Pier 2
Queen .San Diego ;.... 9 am Pier 11
CoqullJe Rive Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 28
Kebrnarj- 1-4.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 am! Pier 7
February 15.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 1J
WalWWalla. Puget Sound Port« 11 am Pier *
Corona .Newport ? am Pier 11
Febrnarr 16. |
Kmplre ".. 'Coos Bay (10 am Pier 1»
Point Arena..! point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. HumfeoMt 9 am Pier 3
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City... Eureka » am Pier —
February 17. ] I
¦Alllnnc* Portland & Coos B 9 amJPler —
Pomona iHumboMt I 2 pm Pier 9
San Pedro.... IHumbolJt 13 am Pier Z
O. W. Elder, i Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San DlfKo I am Pier 11
F*bmary 18.
Arcata ICeos Bay 12 m Pier 13
City of Para. Panama & "Way Pis 12, in PMSS
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
February 10.
Roanoke Panama I pm Pier 34
Nippon Maru China & Japan 1 pmiPMS3
Bonlta Newport 9 amjPler 11
Steamer.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Lcelnnavr Seattle • £ 'Feb. II
Eureka... Bumboldt Feb. 13
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 13
Corona Xewport Feb. U
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. IS
Empire Coos Bay Feb. II
O. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 14
Palena Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Point Arena. .. Point Arena s IFeh. 14
Santa Rosa San DI»f» Feb. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Mattewan Tacoma, Feb. 14
Mandalay Coqutlle River Feb. 14
San Pedro Hnmboldt Feb. 14
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Feb. 14
Pomona Humtvoldt Feb. 13
LT mat Ilia Pmtet Sousd Ports Feb. 1«
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 18
Fulton Grays Harbor. Feb. IS
Bergrenbns China via San Diego... Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport -, Feb. 17
Queen San Dletto ' i Feb. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. F»b. 17
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. IS
Federlca Nanatino Feb. IS
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 19
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle [Feb. 19
215-217 Sutter St.. Above Kea-ny,
else. We make a specialty
of selecting -the things you
are, most likely to need, and
we; want you to see what
we have.
You are always welcome.
Come here beforeyou de-
cide on your home or office
furnishing — we've exclusive
and novel goods in carpets,
rugs, curtains, linoleums,
mailings', etc — goods that
can't be purchased anywhere
Schluetei:
"gJ-rVST. h, « *• 4
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
this Cay (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at
chapel at Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
BRADT— In this city, February 12. 1901,
Richard, husband of the late Elirabeth A.
Brady, and father of Richard, Samuel. John.
Edward and Matthew Brady and the late
Matilda McKenna, a native of Ireland,
aged ftf years 4 months and 12 days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
CLEMENTZ— In this city, February 12. 1901.
George, beloved husband of Eliza Clements,
and father of Valentin* G.,- Edith R. and
Fred A. Clementz. a* native of Highland,
111., aged S7 years 10 months and 25 days.
CRANDALL— In this city. February 12. 1901,
W. G. Crandall. a, native of Rhode Island,
ased SB years.
DR SHIELDS— In this city. February 10. 1901.
Benjamin, beloved husband of Anna M. de
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:20 o'ejock. from Garibaldi
Hall, "423 Broadway, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Garibaldi Mu-
tual Benevolent Association. At 9:30 o'clock
the same day remains will be taken from his
late residence. 420 Union street, to Ets. Peter
and Paul"s Italian Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing, at 10 o'clock. Interment New
Italian Cemetery- Please- omit flowers.
BRASCHE— In San Mateo. February 10, 1901,
Charlotte, wife of the late G. Henry Brasche,
and aunt of Mrs. J. Claassen. Mrs. N. A.
Handy, Charles Haake and C. H. Poujol, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 82 years
and 5 months. -
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from Holy Cross
Church. Eddy street, between Scott and De-
visadero, for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BACIGALUPI— In this city. February 11. 1901.
Paolo, dearly beloved husband of Rosa Bacl-
galuDl. and father of Antone. John. Frank,
Frtd and Eda Baclcalupl and Mrs. A
Mitchell, a .native of Italy, ased 67 years S
months and 15 days.
BENSEN — In Stockton. February 11, 1901,
Benjamin C. Bensen, a native of Norway,
aged 60 years 4 months and 27 days.
Crandall, W. G. . Nelson, Thomas
De Shields. Benjamin Osborn. Be*»le C.
Doyle. John R. Preston. Ernest J.
Garson. Henry Price. Frank B.
Gensmapel. Jacob Ross, William
Grady. Nellie Swanson. John
GlannetU. JoseDh Slmson, Robert
Green, Charles Spreckles. Rudolph
Harry. Christine Teller. John DeP.
Klngsley. Peter J. Tolford. I'errha B.
DIED.
"Bf-nrtn, Benjamin C. Leonard, Lizzie
Baclgalupl. Paolo Lyons, Edward T.
Brasche, Charlotte Messic. Captain L G
Brady. Richard Millark. Frank A. -
Clementz. George. McGrath. Kllen
MABBIED.
CALLINAN — CODDIXGTON — la this city,
January 3. 1901. by the Rev. J. N. Beard.
D. D., Herbert E. Cailinan and Ella Cod-
filntton. both of San Francisco.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
UABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaRe licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William A. Shannon. 88, and Lena A. Reese,
35. both of Los Anpelea,
Edward W. r>. Cusheon, 42. Ban Francisco.
and Jennie Boyd, 35, 28 Eighth street.
James F. Lawlor. 13. 18 Heron street, and
Alice M. Feltcn, 22. it Bruce place.
Walter R. Dlnmore. 49,' San Francisco, and
Mag-delene Con*. 25. Denver. Colo.
George A. Marshall. ,25. and Perle E. WH-
llams. 24, both of Portland. Or.
James Murphy, 8L £C3 Bryant itreet, and
Bridget English. 24. C3 Baker street.
Marshall Rice. 87, and Frances Sulllraa. 2S,
both of Gllroy.
Celestlno Sonorainl, 67. and Maria Tama-
sini. 37, both of Eanta Cruz.
PROPOSALS for coal— Office cf General Su-
perintendent Army Transport Service Ban
Francisco. Cal.. February 1. 1901: Sealed pro-
posals In triplicate for furnishing and de-
livering en board army transports at San
Francisco. California, thirty thousand tons,
more or less, average steam coal, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 12 m.. February IS.
1P01.- and then opened. Information furnished
<;n acrllcatlon. Envelopes containing propo-
sals should be indorsed. "Proposals fftr
CoaI," and addreFsed to OSCAR F. LONO,
General Superintendent.
REAL ESTATE CITT FOR SALE.
EAETCN', IXCRIDGE & -CO..
GS Market at.
nr>DT STREET FLATS.
J1C.E0C— TT ~f* mofiera Sat* cf 7 and t rooms
cr.- bath; lot 2£xl29 to rear street;
rfiis VA per month.
rr.ANKLJN ETREET INVESTMENT.
ItOOe— Kear Hayca et.: three Cats of I rooms
«ri bath; Jot 2^x107 :« reet; S5000 mort-
gife.
BEArnrvL 'western addition resi-
dence SNAP.
s , -^_^ r . p C3 tt et. ; hanlscme bay-w'.n'swed
hcuse. S rooms and bath, porcelain
•-ubs. two £ae mantels, etc.; bitumen
street. s
PATS ZS PER CENT.
POWELL ETKLXT CORNER.
SSOX— F.rctj flW) per jncnth: three etores and
JoCglng-house tt 1? rooms aad base-
meat; brick fcureatlca. "j;
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
Z7XX>— Two C-e we'.!-»-_::t Tr.ofiem Cats of I
aad < rooms er>i bath: rents $42 E0 per
month; Bari>*t st.. near Twenty- first.
CEAXCE OF A LlFnTIME.
CUXLAJTrST XXJT IN THE CTTT.
CE3— ThtrJt cf Jt; a lot 2x145 on Market et.
SOUTH OT MAKKET INVESTMENT.
- CT;5— Hc-*e of T r^cms anil pcreelala bath,
rater.t cif*ets, etc; rear houae cf 4
Toczze: rents 5£T W per month; lot ££xS0;
r.ear F?'-r:h and Howard ets.
aH^KFZST LOT ON FCLTON ETREET.
IZS30— Xcrih tide Fultoa rt.. 25x137 :l feet;
c*ir.est w&lk, bitumen etreet; JSOO mort-
gtfe c£.a remain.
FRETTT MISSION HOME.
HS»— Ccttage cf ( roDms tafi bath, ttatlcnary
WBsixtt&c; haif-fclcck cf two car lines.
COZT BOtTTH OF MARKET HOME.
f^^A'^TfcttJve cottage cf 6 rocms; bltusnea
•trett; near Seventh and Howard sts.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦ ess M&ricet st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AtrcnoN.
AtrcnoN.
AUCTION.
EAETON, ELDFJDGE & CO,
C28 Market Street.
February 26. 1901.
At 12 o'ciock r.oon.
Jkt crit ¦sJesTooci. 63S Market street.
PAGE-ffmETT FXSrPENCE.
Jfo. K4 Page ft., near Devjsaflero; haEissra*
•essence cf S rocms trd bath; rents $J0; lot
GHEEN-STREET INVESTMENT.
Net. 1T5-E0 Grr« rt.. rear La.-kir: 2 weil-
t*Eiit houses cf 6 rrvrr-s and bath each; rest*
tu per morth; lot S4:"x60 to rear etreet.
McAXi,I=TER-STRinrT LOT.
North tide McA"!«er pt. ; i50 feet east cf
Lrcs; level Jet; feet.
PAKE* PANHANDLE CORNHR RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner; No. 6CI Cole and Pa«re etc.:
large t«*.utlf-jl fjr.ar residence cf * rooms and
bath: rents ta per mrnth; lot SxlC€:3 feet.
MISSION FLATS.
Km. CSS-ST-22-S4 Nineteenth et.. near Pan-
ch^i; two j*Jr» cf Tats an<£ lot to be eold
F»P*ra.t*'y; 4 arid 5 rooms and b&th each; rents
J-T sad tZ; lots each 25x114 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
JSK cash; balance as rent. No. SSI Jersey «t..
near Castro: two-story house cf 6 rooms and
baih: ont-halT block Ircrn Castro-Market cars;
IflC 2ixU4.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
TVest elie Ontra: ave.; 100 south c* Waller
«t. t ;ot I£xlC7 :£ feet.
FVLTON-ETREET CORNER.
Northeast corner Fulton and Parker ave.:
large vac&st «rner; lOSxltS feet; cae block
from Golden Gate Park: McAllister cars pass.
FINE LOT EOXTTH OF THE PARK.
VTeei tide Twelfth ave.; 175 feet north cf M
rt.; lot 2;xioe feet.
KSSSKKa CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
Northwest corner; No. lflS-20 Church and
Valley ets. ; Ftor* end Z rooms and upper fiata
-¦>: 4 womi aal b&rb; also cottage of 4 rooms;
lot l'\: ¦ feet.
BAT VTETT EOatESTEAD LOTS.
Fcur lets on VascouTer and Gaaialoupe ete.;
ISO feet iLcnh of Basta rt.
Cctalog-aes with full ptrtlcclars tt effloe.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CS Market street.
EALDTTIN & EO-PTELL,
15 Mcstg-omery street.
C5.030— REACTS XXX
Peyt ever C"-» per cent net: new 4-stcry-and-
batement fc-jiliisg; dote to Turk and Joaea.
CS.CO0— rKDTTNTOTTN CORNER.
XTjthln one blocic cf "«rktt and Fifth eta. :
2 etcr»s and lodpingrs above; worth Investigat-
ing; weU rented.
C1.K&-PXNTS SS4 PER MONTH.
Corner weli licproved. very close ta new
PoEtcfSce: s-v.i-i rented; store, fiat and 2-
etory Irciuse.
iSZU— RENTS JJX- PER TEAR.
Two aJzawt new fiats; twell location; la best
psrt cf Western Addition, near Washington
et- ; lot I." j- . : •¦ . best flats offered for sale.
CT.OCO— RENTS KSC3 PER TEAR.
lArge ccrr.er, £7:6x87:6, fully Improved and
»!»¦«•£ rentes; en car line. In Wcstera Audi-
tor., r.csr Pierce it.; must be scld.
K2.K>0— F.ENTS I1C0 PER TEAR.
Pert 1 per cent per month net over all ex-
pense; rr.oifra up-to-date corner flats of 7
«.24 v rooms — bath, billiard-room, attic, eta-
each; separate entrances oa both etreets; no
rep&jrs to building tar years; only catural
expenses— water, t&xee and Insurance; here is
the crpcrtunity you have been looking lor;
1 block from Hadgnt-et. ci-rs.
S14,W0-EENTS T.C20 PER TEAR.
Two v>-to-(iate modern fiats, fadn* Alt*
plaza, tear WafhlEgtea St.; rented, under
lease; very swell.
S400&— COTTAGE HOME.
Neat modem tu^sy cottage cf ( rocrai and
bath; high basemer.t, garden, etc.; modern
plumbing; close ta Broierick aad Washington
ets.; 00 better locatlci;; we b*re JSTZ* cSereo;
c«s It at ence.
CK9— A KWELL INVESTMENT.
Ccttagt reztirg fer 119 per mouth; extra
large 1:4, KxZ:-- ; must be cold to cloet aa
estate; near Fclsora asd Eighth ets.
t775&-RE?TTS SS£4 PER TEAR.
Her* are large returns Icr your Investment;
extra lot. 42x7S; well Improved aafl always
rertefl: csly 2M feet from corner cf Mission
C4.000— RENTS J12J0 PER ANNXTM.
Three e>ct-t new substantially bdlt fiata.
with every cccreslesce, on Jacksoa St.. be-
tweea Lerkla aad Polk rta, ; eostaialEg 7 aad
f T'.-zzrji sxS bath each; lot 2£xl27:S^: owaer
meet sell; go:^g to Europe; a perfectly safe
Investment.
*r
taoa— FRH.l'1'X COTTAGE.
Ccttage cf t rooms, baeemeat. eto.; 1 block
trca Fccrta-«. electric cart., 1a Pctrtro.
JS5-KCT CORNER HOtTEH
3-rtory and basetnent; new residence of "
rooirj fcna bath; corner oa 7*wenty- third et..
Bear IXlcre*; lot S7:Sx<3.
o^.. !*¦ CAE n-^CE COTTAGS.
•J^V^?* i, 1 ", 0031 ': rTOl » 51° Per xaoath: price
»CC9 rests per arrem; wtn pay
. . m 10 per cent net; Nob HilL -
£lx neis fiats.
HIsjh, tightly elevation: e>jrar.t
¦rlew; swell aelgfcbcrhood; rated
Cream cf Park Lota
On>os!te n<rw Park entrance.
Rare chance fcr hcme-bullders and
lrjvestir.er.t-seekers.
Choicest bu'JcUsg lots ca very eaty
payments; oa the H-st. electric
care an a fronting Golden
Gate Park aad the new
Nlncteeath-ave. boule-
vard.
Lots aafl streets oa official grades;
macadamized; plank eidewalks.
sras and water service.
Low prices— bound to Increase la
value.
Tour own terms; laterest caly f "'¦¦'¦
per cent.
Jiraey tfit-aaccd for bullfilax pur-
poses.
Call at once it our branch office,
cpen week day*. Sundays aad holl-
ca>-s). comer H rt. and Ninth ave.,
' t '.1:, of Golden Gate Park, and ask
to be fhewn these beautiful lets.
FuH particulars and price lirt» at
our orac*.
BALDWIN *- HOWELL.
10 Moatgemery rt. <
S>*EW op-UKcate houses. 7 aad » rooms; well
bu!lt: fine ilew; po and see tbeza acd you
- will buy. For further Information see owner
cs premise* or JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Mont-
gomery *t.
FOR the best located lets la Richmond end the
cheapest can on W. J. GUNN. CSO California. I
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office. S6 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. February *, 1901 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
received at this, office until 10 o'clock a. m.
*Monday. February 25, 1901. Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Rub-
ber Ponchos. Brown Cotton Stockings, Garri-
son Flags, Post Flags, Storm and Recruiting
Flags. Quantities to be subject to E0 per
rent increase, if desired, by this department
Bids will be- opened for the delivery of the
same articles at either the San Francisco
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia Depots. To
avoid misunderstanding- as to the exact na-
ture of the articles to be furnished, bidder*
will carefully examine the standard samples
and specifications, so that proposals may be
submitted by them with a full knowledge of
what will be required. In the matter of Pon-
chos the attention of bidders Is called to the
fact that the sealed samples do not strictly
conform to the specifications, that the latter
will govern exclusively, and further that
th'- samples show only the general character
of the Ponchos to be furnished. Bids upon
samples differing from specifications • and
samples upon which 'bids are Invited will un-
der no circumstances be entertained, nor will
ucmiaranteed bids be considered. Proposals
for less quantities than advertised for will
he entertained. Bi3s for delivery or Inspec-
tion at other points than those named above
will . not be considered. Early deliveries are
essential. Bidders must state In their prooo-
rals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition should be made which they are
net positive that they can absolutely fulfill"
Preference will be riven to articles of <3om»sl
tie Droductlon and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality being equal (Including
In the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the dtty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced en the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the publl<r service there The
United States reserves the right to accept cr
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
1 of. Information and blanks fcr proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals .will be endorsed "Pro-
posals No. UTl," and addressed to Maior
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S.
Vcls., DeDot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 18 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Co.. will be payable at the offlce
of the company. 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday. February IS. 1901. Transfer books
eloped Friday. February S, 1901. at 3 o'clock
. P- m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.
10; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mls-
tlcn st; tel. Mint 182L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van 1
tel. Main 1S4
STORAGE AXD WAP.EHOPSES._
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
XOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The public are hereby notified that shares
of stock In the Stanley Aerial Navigation
Company are now selling at J10 pen share,
the price having increased from *5 since Feb-
ruary 8. 1501.
CHARLES NEWMAN. Secretary.
1150.000 TO loan en 1st mortgages; will loan on
80 per cent; easy payments: mutual plan.
Apply M. J., Box 1476, Call offlce.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10: tel. 5583.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday). *at 1:SO o'clock, from his late
residence. 1414 Hyde street, between Wash-
ington and Jackson. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.-
CTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
TOLFORD— In this city. February 12, 1901.
Persha B.. beloved husband of Olive Tol-
ford. and father of Edna E. TolfcnV a na-
tive of New Brunswick, ¦ aged SS years. (New
Brunswick papers please copy.)
CTFriends ar« respectfully Invited to at-
tend th? funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, 'at the Church of
the Advent (Episcopal). Twelfth avenue and
.Eatt Sixteenth street. East Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
SPRECKLES— In this city, February 12. 190L
Rudolph, Bon of Rudolph and Eleanor J.
Spreckles, aged Z years and 11 months.
TELLER— In Alameda. February 12, 1901. Jphn
DiPuyster Teller, a native of Orange County,
New York, aged S2 years.
tETTrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitfrt to attend the funeral this dsy
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halstert & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SIMSON— At his home, • near Mills Collere,
February li. 1901. Robert Slmson. * native
of Dumfries, Scotland, aged 81 years and
I -.nonths.
£7Interment private.
PRICE— In Oakland. February 12. 1901, Frank
B., Infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank S.
Price, a native of California, aged 1 year
2 months and 9 days.
ROSS— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruiry 12, 1901. William Ross, a native of
California, aged 44 years.
SWAXSOX— In this city. February 10. 1901.
John, beloved brother of August Swanson, a
native of Oland. Sweden, aged 46 years.
E7"Remalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
PRESTON— In this city. February 12. 1901.
Ernest J.. beloved husband of Camllle Ral-
ston Preston, and eon of tba late Otis J.
and Hester J. Preston.
CTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital.
February 12, 1901, Thomas Nelson, a native
cf Denmark, aged 62 years.
O5BORX— In this city, February 12. 1901,
Bessie C. beloved wife of Lincoln E.
Oeborn <nee Day), a native of London.
England, aged 25 years 4 months and 26
days.
CyKemalns at the ¦• funeral narlon of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. BIS Mason street.
between O'Farrell and Geary. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
McGRATH— In this city, February 11, 1801.
Ellen McGrath, a native of Ireland, aged
75 years.
C7The funeral "will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. P. B. Tulley, Sixth street. Gllroy.
under the auspices of Keith Lodge Xo. 15",
F. and A. M.
MILLARK— In this city, February 12. 1991,
Frank A., beloved son of Julius and Matilda
Millark, a native of Prussia, aged 19 years
and 9 months. . .
CTTrrends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from" his late
residence. t63tj Bryant street." thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem man
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10- o'clock. . Interment Mounl
Cialvary Cemetery.
MESSIC— In Santa Cruz. February 8. 1901,
Captain I. G. Messic, a native of Georgia,
aged "S years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerad to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet.
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Cavalry Cemetery.
LEONARD— In this city. February 1L 1901.
Lizzie Leonard, beloved infant child of
James F. and Lizzie Leonard, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 months.
C7Frien«te and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite"! to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 1223 Filbert street, be-
tween* Hyde and Larkin. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LYOXS-In this city, February 11, 1901. Ed-
ward F.. beloved eon of Edward and Mary
Lyons, and brother of William. John,
Thomas. Norah and Mary Lyons, a native of
San Francisco, aged 31 years 5 months and 22
days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HARRT— In the City and County Hospital.
February U. 1901. Christine Harry. » native
of Denmark, aged 39 years.
KIXGSLEY— In this city. February U 1901.
Peter J.. . beloved husband of Elizabeth
Kingsley, aad father of Mrs. D. Hennessey,
Mrs. ' F. L. Young, Thomas H., William,
Joseph and the late Baj-ney Klngsley, a n&-
tive cf New Jersey, aged 63 years 7 months
and 7 days. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of Valente, Marir.l &
Co., 1224 .Stockton street, near Union, thence
to National Cemetery, Presidio.
GREEN — In this city. February 11, ltd,
Charles Green, beloved husband of Agnes
Green, and father of Karl Green, a native of
Copenhagen, Denmark, aged - 87 year* 3
months and 24 days. (Denver. Colo., papers
please copy.)
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thit day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Herrmann Lodge No. 127, F. and
A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GRADY— In this city, February 12, 1901, Nellie
Grady. a native of Boston, aged 3S years.
Cyrhe funeral will take place to-morrow
'Thursday), at -10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf J. C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
Etreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 train from Third, and Townsend streets.
GIAXXETTI— In this city. February li, 1901.
Joseph, dearly, beloved husband of Lizzie
Glannettl, and father of ilyra, Josle, Ernest,
Eleanor and Catherine Glannettl. a native
of Bientlna, Italy, aged. 47 yean 6 months
and 25 days. • ¦•
CTTriends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth (street, thence to , St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repese of his soul at 8 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GENGNAGEL- In this city, February 1L 1901.
at his residence. 1008 Valencia street near
Twenty-first. Jacob, beloved husband of
Charlotte Genjnagel. a native of Baltimore.
Md., aged 61 years 1 month and 9 days.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• -fully Invited to attend the furaerjj this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1S75 McAllister street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets, where - a solemn re-
quiem high' mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. • ¦
GARSON— In this city. February 11, 1901.
Henry, beloved husband of Jane Garson, and
father of Mrs. J. X. Ough, a native of Ger-
many, agea 59 years and 6 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvit'ed to attend the fim>>rai tl.is day
(Wednesday). - at l:J0 o"clock, trom Howard-
street M. E. Church, between Second and
Third. Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of the Craig & Cochran
Company. S6 Mint avenue. ¦
DOTLE— In this city. February 1L 1901, John
R.. beloved husband of Mary A. Doyle, and
father . of Mrs. Harry Young, Mrs. W. I.
Bterett. Mr?. C. Achard and Llllie, Louise
and Anna Doyle.
Shields, and father of Ivan and Bernlce de
Shields, a native of Xew Jersey, aged 6S
years 7 months and 8 days. (Xew Jersey and
Boston papers please copy.) N
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
CHOICE loti for building and very cheap and
*il well located: north or sunny side Union"
»t^. on the hill, near Scott; 2SH10; only J1600;
£1 i.* 1 "*!* * rorlt <5one; stone pavement: basalt
j oiock; fi D « marine view. West side Eleventh
JJ'-ij a ? nh of Clement. 2 fine lots, only $1525
xor both; elevated ground; marine view; |4»
first payment. West eide Tenth ave.. close
to Clement. 1 lot well located: $SO0: $20 first
payment. Two lots north or sunny side of A
*U near Seventh ave: $20 first payment.
Two lots Eighteenth ave.. necr A St.; JSOO
lor both. W. J. GUNN. 530 California St..
between Montgomery and Kearny.
MODERN flats; rents S33 rer month: always
rented: eiectrte car lire: fine view: cost J5000;
Price only moo. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
2 LOTS, 23xi;5 each; Lobog st., nr. Plymouth:
— : ONLY HS5 EACH
Worth $400. H. c. DECKER. 1023 Market.
REAL ESTATE COl'XTRY — For Sale
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; Just think of it, only *60
per acre for 100 acres adjoining city ilmlts;
now in big demand and easily salable • la
rmall tracts at J200 and over per acre; or—
as it Is first-class, hlphly cultivated, level
loam, all In crop— it's making of very cheap,
profitable and lovely home ranch: take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make ¦ tlO.OOO by
purchasing: this; easy terms Jf desired.
Remember. I am accurately acquainted
with more country prcpertr for sale and -ex-
change than all other agents in S. F.: 3000
ranches on my lift: state what's wanted and
' pet reliable descriptions cf bargains.
.N. D. SICKELS. the Lar.d Agent. 6 Geary.
FARM for saJ* at puVAe auction March I. 1301—
Half mile Sor.cma: ST acres In orchard and
vineyard; furnished hoiiM 11 rooms, !-rtory;
barn 45x£0; horees. waron?. poultry, farming
Implements" sale ca premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
-A BARGAIN —
i houses and lets at Crockett, Contra Costa
Co'jntr: r»r.te<5 for J3I per month; price J3500.
DAVID BU5H & SOX. 10 Montg-omery St.
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. E26 Turk ft.. S. F. ;
"WFtlTE J. W. HOH-N. E12 Main. PeUUuma. for
free cory of Sorcma Co. real estate harming.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
, ; I
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
ROOMS AAD BOARD.
LARGE alcove room; two single rooms; excel -
lest board. 113 Jefferson st.
OAKLAAD FIRXITCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
S6O9— TO close as estate: Ss* building- corner
let. 43x100; bet. railroads; 2 blocks High
E choc I; street wcrk complete: bargain. Set
eweer. A. G. BURNS. 1M1 Park st. Alameda.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— TWO sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping: rtnt $r £3 per week; also ein-
ple rooms. $1 per week. Apply shoestore. DC2
Mission St.. between First and Second sts.
BUSH. 1303 — Two cr mere rooms for housekeep-
ing; hath and gas.
CTjlARa, E3— S cr 4 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping:.
EDDT. P3S— Floor of 4 newly papered rooms;
furnished; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, Ct— 3 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
ELLIS, C2l— Front suite, 3 rooms; newly fur-
nlrhed for heavy houeekeeplng; gas; J*2 50.
GOLDEN GATE ave., €35— Large punny back
parlor, nicely furnished, with kitchen.
GUERRERO, 11S4, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
suite of rooms and kitchen: connecting; J15.
HOWARD. 1JH — 2 or 3 large sunny rooms;
partly fum. for houselcpff. ; rent reasonable.
OAK. US — One sunny basement room and stove;
furnished for housekeeping: dry and clean; J-i.
OCTAVIA, 14C3. cor. Geary — Furnished bay-
window; run all day; large sunny room and
kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 742—2 or Z furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping, rear parlor floors.
POST, 3C1S — Eunny furzii&bed rooms: «ulte» and
single; also houseketrvlng; private family.
SIXTH. 13$— Scary rooms -for light housekeep-
ing; also room for
EMALL shop, with 2 11 vlnir rms. : suitable shoe-
maker, barber; opp. cjtrhouee. 1000 McAllister.
6TOCKTON. 6C3— Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms, single or en suite: also housekeeping
rocms with all convenience*.
TO let— ? furnished or unfurnished housekeep-
lcg rooms. £E. cor. Point Lcbos and 8th ares.
TWENTY-THIRD, «Tt6. nr. Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore St.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Fnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms Kc
to tl i«er nleht: tl 25 to Jo p*r week, and light
housekeeping; opea all night.
AHLBORK HOTEL, Z2\ Grant ave.— Best dollar
a fiav family hotel in city; polite attendance:
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
BRYANT, COT— *S monthly; front furnished
I room In pleasant American family.
BrRXETT. 1426 Market (old Xo. ««)— Fur-
nlshed rn-.s.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BVSH, 00 rrhe Elk)— Changed hands: nicely
Jam. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY. 430— Elegant furnished rooms; single
cr en suite; suitable for physician cr dentist.
ELLIS. 70S — Xlcely furnished back parlor: suit-
able for 2 rentlemen; bath and sejs.
GEART.405 fThe Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAXD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Pliurle; ladies' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
HAIGHT. 104H — To let. sunny front room,
furnished. ~ :-''.
HOWARD. 728— N'ewly furnished rooms to let;
private; quiet: H, So and tlO a month. '
JESSIE. ZtZ. nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
room $4 per month; hopsekeeplng. S9.
MCALLISTER, Gil— Sunny front room; suitable
for lady cr gentleman.
XEW ARLINGTON. 1C1S Market St.— Xlcely
fumiehed rooms. Jl a w#ek up: 85c a day up.
XETVX.T furnished front rooms. Apply 1603
Sacramento tt.. cor. Larkln.
O'FARRELL. 20-Bunny furnished rooms and
of flees: elevator: elec. lights: day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. TTO— Nicely furnished room; Eras,
running water; gentlemen preferred; rent *10.
ROYAL House. 12S EUis— Incandescent light;
reailng-rocm. emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per n'rht. 2*c to Jl 50; week. $2 to
SS; month. SI to $30: eJevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 215-221 Eills St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to U; treek. »1 25 to M; open night.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EMALL furnished room to let; $5; Protestant;
Christian preferred. C31 Post st,
SUTTER. SMU-Chaneefl hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $?: suites. J12 to S25 mo.
ETTTTER. TIT — A choice raany room: running
water, bath; appreciated If xeen; til.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlpticns has been established at 10/6
Valencia st. • -.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Gracs
Cnnrch. with annex 8C7 California st.. may
be found a mot: exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest tatet.
ELEGANTLY A newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. UCJti Broadway, cor. ISth St.. Oak-
land. top Soor: MRS. M. C. ROBINSON.Prop.
ROOMS with board, bath. gas. $18, J20; private
family; gentlemen only. I1DH McAllister.
ROOMS and beard: prices reasonable.' 415
rirrt rt. - . ¦
ROOMS WAX TED.
"PTAJCTEO— By youna lady. 2 unfurnished
room*, centrally located, north of Market at.,
running water. AdJreas Call Branch OfSce,
200 Hayes et. •
QUIET couple want 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping with refined private family;
u»e of bath. Box 1586. Call ofHce.
SEWISG MACniXES ASP SUPPLIES.
ALL .. kl 5 at boortt. sold and repairing guaran-
tf »°- Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission. nr.lSth.
ALL\lnfij bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repalrti; needle* and
chuttles; reduced rates. 1« ttb: phone Mint 5.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS .IN "tTPEWr' ITERS^fe
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; renuls. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53« California: telephone Main 268.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor rb Flannaganft Oallagber.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
to Fifth Et.. opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, g
Tt and » Fifth st. Tel South 167. I
IUSERAL DIKE0T0R3 AND EHBALHE31. ' I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates., jj
fflcAVOY A. CO.. g
FUKERAL DinECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
-12SS Market si., between 8th and "9th. I
' Telephone South 247. I
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemstery Association,
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charre for cremation to church memberi
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families is
JSO. All others $3i Expensive coffins and or-
naments-are seldom used. A niche , in the Co-
lumbarlan is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and Its care and stone work. Send for
circular. • . -. . .
GEORGE R, FLETCHER. ManagerPRINCIPALS IN VULCAN SMELT
ING COMPANY LITIGATION.
PARTRIDGE CLAIMS HE WAS
HYPNOTIZED. -
"We do not care to speak about the
matter at present." said Page. "Go and
see George W. Baker, the vice president."
As to the alleged hypnotic Influence of
Mrs. Page on young Partridge, ail were
equally as reticent.
Baker was closeted in his offices In the
Mills building most of the afternoon, but
could not be communicated wjth. lie
went early to his home In Oakland.
I>r. Kodley's Case Argued.
Argument in the case of Dr. J. Ellis
Rodley. ex-Mayor of Chico, convicted In
the Superior Court of perjury, was heard
before Chief Justice Beatty' of the Su
preme Court yesterday and the case was
taken under advisement.
Officer Deely Loses Star.
The Police Commissioners met last night
and as a result of their deliberations a
number of licenses were granted, one of
ficer lost his star and another was fined
$100. Officer Deely was the unlucky one,
his star being taken from him on account
of previous complaints and a final charge
of reporting- off late and being intoxicated.
Officer Patrick Butler lost his month's sal
ary through his failure to report an at
tempted burglary.
A remarkable case' of asphyxiation oc
curred in a residence at 529 Stevenson
street, near Sixth, yesterday. In which a
boarder, William Millark. suffered death
and- another boarder named John Dresch
was so overcome that at a late hour last
night his" life was despaired of; The fam
ily of William Ervin, consisting of his
wife, two sons and a daughter, were also
overcome, but were removed in time to
prevent fatal consequences.
The strange part of the affair is that
in the house there are no gas fixtures,
the presence of the deadly vapor being
due to a leak' in the gas main in the
street, through which tne gas escaped
and entered tne house through the 'sewer
pipe,' in whlcn there was also a leak.
Another strange feature is the fact that
those who suffered mostly from the In
halation of the monoxide roomed on the
feecond floor, llils is accounted for by the
fact that the gas rose to the floor above
the entrance ot the sewer pipe and gath
ered there.
When the presence of the fluid was first
discovered tne matter was reported, but
no attention was paid' to the complaint.
The family, tearing no serious conse
quences, paid no further attention to the
matter and retired to rest at the usual
time. Shortly afterward Mrs. Ervln be
came very ill and had to be carried out
Into the open air before she recovered.
Erv'ln, though scarcely able to stand,
summoned his, eldest son, William Ervln,
and both went to Investigate the cause of
groans coming from other rooms.
After breaking: open the doors they
found Millark and I I>resch unconscious.
The police were immediately notified and
the two unfortunate men were .removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where every
thing 'possible was done to resuscitate
them.
Mlllark died last night at 8:3(S but at a
late hour the efforts to restore Dresch
had met with little success.
Mlllark was about 19 years of age, and
was employed by Strode '& "Westerfeld.
Dresch Kept a restaurant at 631 Bills
street.
William Millark Is Killed by Fluid,
John Dresch." May 3>ie, and
Several Others
Leaks Into Sewer Pipe
and Reaches the Inte
rior of a House.
GAS FROM MAIN
CARRIES DEATH
CAPTAIN MILLER'S SUSPEXSIOX SUS
TAINED.— Supervising Inspector Bermingham
has sustained the action of Captains Bolles and
puller in euitpendlnc for a year the license of
Captain F. Miller, late master, of the steamer
Cleonc, and In refusing to grant him a license
as d. master of eailinar, vessels.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
' . WANTS LEASE RATIFIED
Resolutions Regarding China j Basin
Are Adopted and Sent to the
¦•/Legislature.
The board of directors of the Mer
chants' Association held a meeting yes
terday and unanimously adopted the fol
lowlnp petition to the Legislature In favor
of ratifying the lease by the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners to the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company, and a copy will be sent to
each member of the Senate and Assem
bly: ,]>_¦ -.-:
•Gentlemen: The harbor facilities of . San
Francisco .have become Inadequate to the rap
,'ldly growing shipping requirements of this
port. The conditions of the lease recently
granted by the State of California to the San
Franclrco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company for apportion of the water front of
this city will result In the extension of th«
roawall and increase these much-needed harbor
facilities.
We blleve, therefore, that the lease, dated
November 21. 1900. made by the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners to the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company Is
hlKhly advantageou* to the commercial Inter
rots of this port. We would respectfully and
earnestly request that you endeavor to have
this lease ratified and approved by the State
Legislature at this sesslan. Very truly yours
MERCHANTS* ASSOCIATION.
PRINCE CARNIVAL
FORMS HIS COURT
Charlis \ Dickman Perfeots
Plans for the Mardi
Gras Ball.
In spite of the mask prohibition at the
bal masque at Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art next Tuesday evening. Bohemia is
promising itself a pretty good time. Bo
hemia's Interest* are In the competent
hands of one of their number, and no less
a personage than Prince Carnival, other
wise known as Charles M. DIckman, art
ist. Mr. Dickman' has planned a hlghly
origlnal and what promises to be a most
successful opening ceremony for ye gay
carnival. Though the gentleman is by
no, means forward, he has not the least
intention of having his first parliamen
tary effort lost in the confusion which
has invariably greeted the opening
speeches of the former Princes of Carni
val at these artistic festivals; therefore
will sweet harmony be programmed to
assist. A chorus of twelve good members
of Bohemia will proclaim the approach of
royalty to the Carnival. The herald, not
yet appointed, will chant his customary
command of silence to the revelers, and
the King himself will wield a good bari
tone in his maiden throne speech. The
musical arrangements are in the capable
charge of WrfHace A. Sabln. F. C. O., and
It is expected this feature will add much
to the beauty and gayety of the affair.
Prince Carnival will be clad in the us
ual courtly fashion, with more than the
usual color about the costume. A mag
nificent mantle, white silk tights, and
what Mr. Dickman describes as a blue
silk "corsage," will be its chief features.
One McKlnnon, with no other discover
able cognomen than "Blnky," will serve
ns jester for the evening, and'a favorite
Bohemian, with a serviceable baritone, is
mentioned as the probable ' herald. The
decorations are , to -ibe 'as novel as the
opening ceremony,;, and are coming on
apace. For the. first time In bal masque
annals of. the Institute, floral and other
vegetable decorations will . be in the
ascendant. Some brilliant lighting effects
on the opening. pageant are planned, and
the halls- am now- a particolored and
hopeless mass of red. and yellow bunt
ing. Chinese, lanterns, electric wires, be
lated landscapes, carnival beraldry. and
all the other gallant prophecies • of the
gay. good time coming for Tuesday even-'
lng« next. ¦ v"
The ladies of the San Francisco Protes
tant Orphan Asylum Society held their
annual business meeting in the guild room
of Trinity Episcopal Church yesterday
afternoon. The meeting was called to or
der by the president of the society, Mrs.
William Alvord, after which occurred the
reading ofthe reports of the secretary and
the treasurer and the election of officers
for the ensuing year.
The secretary'. Mrs. Frederick MacCrel
lish, gave in her report a brief history of
the work of the society since Its Inception,
exactly llfty years ago, together with the
statistics for the last year. The charity
had a very small beginning, in humble
surroundings, with only, a few destitute
children, but since 1S54, when State aid
was first given and when the asylum was
moved to Its present site, the growth of
means has been steady and the work
most successful.
In the* history of the society 3516 home
less orphans have been cared for, andj
with few exceptions, have proved In after
life the. benefits of their early training.
During the last year 259 children have
been received into the asylum, of whom
there remain 165. Improvements are be
ing made constantly and everything pos
sible is being done for the mental and
physical welfare of the Inmates.
A touching tribute was paid to the mem
ories of Alrs.C. V. Glllesple of the society
and Albert Shaw of the trustees, who have
passed away dvrlng the year. Mrs. Gil
lespie was one of. the founders and char
ter members, and throughout her life was
always constant and faithful in her de
votion to the cause. . The society sus
tained an irreparable loss In her death
The report of Mrs. Kirkham Wright,
the secretary, showed that $34.087 04 had
been spent during the year on the various
features of the work, leaving a balance
on hand over the income of $758 62.
The reports were accepted unanimously,
and the wish was expressed that the pub
lic visit the asylum and observe .the
methods of work. .The meeting then pro
ceeded to the election of officers for the
ensuing year, which resulted as follows:
President, Mrs. William Alvord: first vice
president, Mrs. William Ashburner; sec
ond vice president, Mrs. C. O. Gerberding*
treasurer. Mrs. Kirkham Wright; secre
tary, Mrs. Frederick MacCrellish; assist
ant secretary. Mrs. A. T. Spotta; direc
tors—Miss Agnes Center, Mrs.' Horace
Davis, Mrs. C. P. Eells. Mies Anna P;
Greer. Mrs. Henry Halght. Mrs: D. "W.
Horsburgh, Mrs. Louis Monteagle,. Mra.
John Moss. Mrs. C. W. Slack, Miss Nellie
Stow Mrs. W. R. Smedberg and Mrs. A;
N. Talbot.
Work of Last Year Holds
Encouragement for the
Charity.
ORPHAN ASYLUM
LADIES MEET
Lcs Angeles Has No Redress.
The Railroad Commissioners, at the reg
vlar monthly meeting yesterday, read the
opinion of Attorney General Tirey L,. Ford
in referer.ee to the protest of the I/is
Anprfles Traffic Association against the
Southern Pacific Oornr>any.
The complaint was filed the latter part
of last year and the Las Angeles Traffic
Af-Fcciation then argued that the distance
from Visalia to I>os Ang-eW and from VI
t t'.'.r. to San r"raneisco were the sam.e,
but the freight rate from Visalia to Ijos
In Attorney General Ford's written
opinion the complaint is insufficient and
advises that no action should be taken by
the R,allroad Commissioners.
The hearing of th« case in reference to
the abandonment of the track by the
Santa. F*e between In^lewood Junction and
Santa Monica was laid over until April 9.
Angeles was 27 cents per hundred pounds
while to San Francisco the rate was only
6*5 cents. The complainants alleged that
there was discrimination shown.
A warrant was Issued yesterday by
Judg^ Cabajiiss on the complaint of Man,
Sadler & Co.. wholesale grocers, for the
arrest of E. Strauss, one of their outside
salesmen, on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. He is accused of collecting $427 7*
and appropriating the money to his own
use.
Accuse One of Their Salesmen.
H0BACE G. PLATT MAY
YET SUCCEED CBOCKEB
Earner in Circulation That He Will
Become Hcr.d of Pacific Ira
pro vement Company.
Horace Cl. Platt. th»- well-knovrn attor
ney, club ir.an and orator, is t=jx>ken of as
t?r> next president of the Pacific Improve
ment Company.
The position is at present held by
Georpe Crocker, but the latter has given
".;p his refejdrncf In 1Mb city and now lives
in Xew York. Plait is the coast repre
sentative of (lenerai Huhhard. who has
the care of the Searles interests, and. it is
hence believed that the directors will
make- Platt president of the company.
The salary of the president is SIO.OCO a
yesr.
Mr. Platt stated last ovonlns that he
Y.r.i not been notified of the appointment,
but that he was i«<» representative of
General Iltibbsrd on th«» roast. Should ft
be tendered him. no said, he would cer
tainly accept the presidency.
RIVAL claimants and opposing lit
igants occupied adjoining: apart
ments In the offices of the Vulcan
Smelting and Kenning Company
yesterday. Young Partridge and
Attorney Cochran© secured an entrance
to the offices at 306 Pine street early- in
the day. They occupied one room, while
Frank W. Page, his wife Lillian, who is
alleged to have exerted sufficient hypnotic
or other influence over Partridge to se
cure the making of a will In favor of her
self and husband, and Secretary Harry
L. Baker occupied another apartment.
Partridge and Attorney Cochrane went
over such books as they could obtain and
claimed at the close of the day's work to
have secured Indisputable evidence of
fraud, as set forth in their complaint.
"The transfers of stock to third parties
Is one of the most peculiar features In the
case," said Attorney Savage of counsel
last night. "Our developments to-day
were of a startling character, but we are
not prepared to make our discoveries pub
lic as yet. We have learned enough for
us to say that a series of criminal actions
will follow."
Neither Page nor his wife would make
a statement. Both were uneasy In their
demeanor. Secretary and Treasurer Ba
ker was likewise uncommunicative.
Opposing Litigants Meet in the Office of the Company and Glower
at One Another From Points of Vantage in Their Offices.
The stabling of William Walker on
Ellis street, near Powell, Monday night
is surrounded by mystery. Mllo Waldron.
formor proprietor of the Majestic saloon,
¦was arrested yesterday morning:, it being
supposed that he committed the crime,
and was charged with an assault with
intent to commit murder. He was sub
sequently released on furnishing J200 cash
ball as Walker la not as seriously wound
td as was lirst reported.
Wnldro:i says that he was in hi5 home
ct 714 ESaiis strec-t »hc!i Walker was cut.
\\'a!krr refuses to divuipe the name of his
ossa!la:it. There th« matter rests.
The police authorities are not making
any attempt to unravel the mystery. It
Is more than probable that th* charge
will ho dismissed, for when Walker was
arrested last November for cutting Wal
<iron there was nu prosecution. The
friends of Walker say, however, that
when he is abl*> to leave the hospital he
will Either kill Waldron or get killed iiim
*">lf.
Notwithstanding the fact that Walker
¦uas v-i.ihhed shortly after 9 o'clock Mon
day r.ight the police did not learn of th?
nffray unt!! many bours afterward. They
Thon trK'phoned to \V;ildrf>n ar.«i informeii
him that h«» was v.^nted by them. Htr
very jiccornmodatiti^ly walked to the eor
r.rr rf Powell an<l Ellis streets and met
IirtPCtive Wren, and 1'oliceman Bell, who
¦were waitinp f<>r him. He expressed grreat
siirprise at beinp railed out of b«»d at 3
<j"elock in tho morning and said, that he
kv.ew nothing of th? cuttine. He was at
Jiis home at th«» time it occurred, he said.
WalkT Is Ft ill in the Krench Hospital.
nnd alttK>up:h ho 5s nut Ferlr>-.i«;]y wounded
the police w?rc refused permission to see
him yesterriay. His friemls. however.
«cre allowed in visit h"'s room. Officer
lie!! was oetailed to vet a statement from
"VYalker. but the res.'dert physician re
fused him »coe««! t>» iho mum ¦while ad
ir.MTing that Walker was not severely in
jured.
"He Js cut over and under the right
o<-«- and on thf> eyelid." paid the phyplclan.
"'The oye is not Ivjri In the least.."
Trench Hospital Officials Refuse Po
lice Permission to See Wounded
Man and Get His
Statement.
Says That He Was Homa at
Time of the Stabbing
Affray.
WALDRON DENIES
CUTTING WA L K E R
PARTRIDGE GAINS ACCESS
TO LONG CONCEALED BOOKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13J l»Ol.
12
ABViJBTISEMENTS.
This week we will have on sale
some elegant lines of New Goods.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING:
NEW NOVELTY SILKS.
FIGURED GROS de LONDRES, In solid colors and
white shot; FIGURED SATIN LOUISINE, In white
snot effects, all new 'colorings and latest soft finish.
Prices $1.35 and $1.5O Yard.
NEW WASHABLE SILK FLANNEL,
An elegant assortment of NEW WOVEN DOT wash-
able SILK FLANNEL, in White and Gold, White
and BlaGk, White and Turauoise, White and Navg
and White and Red,
Price 81.25 Yard.
NEW DRESS GOODS.
50 pieces NEW FRENCH SATIN SOLEIL, 45 Inches
wide, in the following shades: Seal, Golden, Auto-
mobile Red, Reseda, Grau, Tan, French Blue and Nam
Price $1.OO Yard.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. m,
7 cases NEW SHIRT WAISTS, from the Yeru hest
Eastern manufacturers. These Waists are In Lawn,
Cheviot, Chamhrau and Percale, both white and
colors, all yeru handsomelu trimmed.
Prices 75c to 54.50 Each.
SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL.
225 pieces NEW SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL Thesa
Flannels are In a great varletu of stules, ape per-
fectlu fast colors, width 30 inches.
Price 35c Yard,
9 -"-
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
i. peers electric belt
? America Ahead of the World in Electrical Inven- •
? tlons! Everybodr knows thj»! uur new Body-'
; Battery, (l\ 8. *atent) is itriotly an American J
\ Invention— Til K Belt i of the Century. It tends a <
, powerful, Teversible current through the human ,
? hpdy from Ilrn.i to foot, ruricc Chronic and 4
> Nervous Diseases and nvaknesnof JXale or >"emale <
- ;s If by Magic So posture are we that no other 1
« belt to the eqnal of " I)r. l'lerre V that we will »<rid *
'it OS API'UOVAI, lor comparison with any belt'
I now sold In America. ¦ "S*etos U Believing." [
> NOTE.— We never send beltn "On Trial." there--
. fore In ordering "Dr. Fierce 's" no risk is run of •
•contracting MJn IH«eu«e or other DiwnJen by '
•nslnR an appliancs prerlon^lr w»'» bv othrr"
' p«r«nn». CalL.orwnaaSe. ttampforneiv •'Booklet,
;>*o.2.' - Address: PIKltOfc; KI.KC3TRIC CO.J
. 1 145 Ttrojtrlwiiy. (near 36th Si.) New York, 4
I Or O2O Market Street, San Francisco. 1
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
IV-EARNT AND WASHINGTON "BTa.— RE-
I\ modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50a to $1 50 day -
Ji to S3 week; S3 to S3) month. Free baths; hot
and colri water every room: fire prates In every
room; elevator runs all alsht.
DDTTCUI7Q ron barbers, bak-
XjIlU Oili^O f". bootblacks, bat.1-
****** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannen.
dyers., fiocrmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tax-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. G09 Sacramento St.
DR. WONO W00 TEA AKD HERB SASITAEIUJI.
• * 764-768 CLAY 8TBEBT.
jGT3?&^ ban Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
Emr~j]\ . To aM'whom it may concern:
f . *VP in December, 1S39. I was taken
'liR a *»ck wltn Black Typhoid Fever.
fTJ; y the roost vlTUlent type known to
l£2 Jl. medical science. I had hemor-
Jtd»» rhas^s. both nasal and lnteatl-
*d/$&ffiS'>*\* nal. elcht of the latter occur.
'tt'lsffiVifry rlns In one day. Dr. Won*
»#/rS.VjVj|A Woo. the eminent Chines* phy-
sician was called, and with onj dose of his
tea »topp«4 the flow ct blood, thereby savins
my life, a* I had- been given up by my .white
physician, as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wons Woo*s
wonderful skill he saved my life trom this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation In «lx months from the time I went to
bed. and now I weigh 203 pounds, more than I
had ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. "Won* Woo to any one In need
of a first-class physician for any cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH N. FOLKS, 313 Golden Gat*
av*- K&n Francisco. Cal.
DR.MCOTLTY.
T'HIS WKLL-KXO WN ANDBKLXABLE OLD
J- &P«cUllsteure«B!ood Poison. (jonorrhoa.Gieet.
Ptricturp, ."Seminal Weal:n<>s<. Impot^nc* and their
• niprt Dlwird^rs. r.ook on Diseases ot Men. fr*«.
OTer20T»»r^>xp«iHetice.TPrnn rpa*>nable. Ilonr*.
9to3rtall7;6:a0to.*.30<«T 1 irn.Sand«T«.l0to 12. Cnnmil-
Lationfreean.isacredlTcoaCdcntl.il. Call oraiirest
F. ROSCOE aicXn.TY. 31. D.
fin JJ Kcarny Nt., SanFrsm:l»co,<:?l
'Phone" Howard 1021.
. ¦ 119 TAYLOR STREET. ,
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
¦EGGS LOWER EVERY* DAY.
PfirXCC Vcr >' "best Java arfd or A
Unffrr Mocha, pound.. J(\K
uvi ILL Posltlvel l y 35c quallty# *.OU
Fresh. Pure. Faber's Price. •
SAVING MONEY IS MAKING. IT.
OnCCtC Java" and Mocha, "Bro-rfl-
uUrTtt ken " 3 pounds •niin
UW ' ' uw I5est value In town. Full UUU
strength and flavor. Standing special.
16 OUNCES TO 1 POUND.
MlllOBest Eastern, pound....:... fl^
ilAIYlO An I'rands-ln stock. Supar 1 1 R
" tf cured, lean, sweet, tender. IIU
not salty. Wednesday •-
MISTAKES GLADLY CORRECTED.
CORN MEAL |Qq
PINT BEST WHISK Y< 40c.
, Genuine Marrow fat.- Quick uw
lunch. ' . ..;•..• ! -
BEST COMB HONEY 12Mc
fllTO "Mother's" Crushed, 2-nr.
UA I o p° u »d pks. < for.............. /nn
Steam cooked. Fresh and fcWW
sweet.
3 LBS. BEST DRIED PEACHES 25c.
CRACKERSI^I^S'lOc
TUB BUTTER, 5 LBS. $1.00.
Qini/I |TO Home made, sweet, ORn
OIOLf I CO Home ..made. sour, |C n
lbKL^v^ b esi::>::::::::::;:: J5C
FANCY WHISK BROOMS 15c
0 1 1 Q CT St - J u »en Vintage 1S96. Mf\ n
COc regular. • '
OR ANGE ' MARMALADE : 10c
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
; HOUSE.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE
FOR THE NEXT 15 DAYS.
We will givo 20 pcpjccnt dis-
count \f or cash on Bedroom
Suits and Chiffoniers until next
Wednesday, February I3th,
When we will discontinue this dis-
count on Bedroom Suits and' Chiffon-
iers, and Rive you the extra discount
on other pieces of Furniture for a few
days only.
•• Call on us and we will tell the rea-
son WHY.
Don't miss this opportunity to save
money. " ¦ \
All our *oods are the latest deslens
Every article marked In plain figures!
Remember we give you 10 per
cent for cash on every other
article of furniture anyway.
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
' \l 1015-1017 Market Street,
Opposite Tay!or, Can Francisco.
1510 Seventh St. v ; ',1
ALAMEDA-13SS Park St.
6AN RAFAEL— B St., near Fourth.
VQ Othor Branch Stores.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
IO«3 WashlnCton St 1237 Broadway.
11S3 23rd Ave. 616 E. 12th St.
CITY STORES.
'210 Grant Ave, b: t. Post and Suttei
861 Market St., opp." Powell.
!<?OSiKthSt. 14IOPo1kSt.
X12 Third St. 1819 Devisadero 8t.
14fl Ninth St. 2008 Flllmoro 6t.
3006 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery Av,
2516 .Mission St. 3285 Mission St.
7OC Larkln St. 2T32 24th St.
055 Hayes St. 475 Halght St.
\^/ Coffees
Apices
I S? J xtracts
Soda
¦Premiums! D3Klllg
\ With In ,
\-~jJ rowder
Great American Importini Tea Go.
jESsl \\ . ft % » " v$ "^-' : Jh i < ,.' f « '"iV Nn
fweGarryaRUI Line "1
I of Bar Outfits in Stock.!
I You can make your selection If
I from about 50 styles. We B
§3 ship immediately upon order. II
I Orders can be for any length, in oak, mahogany or S
B Positively the Lowest Prices on tho Coast and Q
¦ Satisfaction Guaranteed. o
1 THE J, NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc. 8
M IO17-1O23 MISSION STREET, ||
H^ Phone— South 14. Abo-re 6th, San Frand«co. fflj
I Iflppi ¦ *~' I
U Polished Brass Top Rod and Knobs, White Enameled Beds. A |
B pleasing shape, a durable make. Regular price $7.50, now $4.10 |
M Other RedUCtiOnS Through mistake of Eastern Factories furniture \
I we'd bought for Spring trade is coming in a month ahead of time. Our
1 warehouses are already crowded, so we have got to make room by mak- 9
E Ing reductions on things you want. It's your opportunity. " 1
I Dining Table Sofid Oak. New design— regular *8. 50 $4.95 3
0 Dr<>«?<5Pr Solid oak. Large mirror. Easy running, roomy otn or 1
1 UreSSer drawers. You'ld like, it at regular price, f 17.5b fclO.^O \
P Parlor Table Dainty design, Golden oak. Regular S3.00 $1.45 U
E nanpnnnrh Mahogany finish; Velour covered. Six feet coo en fa
§ U aD e n P0n: O f comfort & elegance. Reduced from 535.00 9^-50 |
I Rocoro flrmrii Comfortable Coucn for a tired woman or on oc U
¦ KOCOCO l^OUCll aIazyman . Bright Velour. Was $17.50 ? 9 - J6 |
Big Rugs and Little Rugs I
I Colors to match any room and patterns to please every taste * |]
I TAPESTRY 27x50 in. Fringed ends Sold at $1.00, 5O Cts I
t BODY BRUSSELS 2^x50 in. Fringed Sold at $1.25, 65 Cts j
i AXMINSTER 27x50 in. Fringed ends Sold at $1.25, 65 Cts I
VELVET 27x50 inches Fringed ends Sold at $1.25,- 65 Cts |
Oriental colors to brighten Western homes :
I JUTE ORIENTAL 27x54 in. Bound ends Sold at $1.50, 95 Cts I
1 JUTE ORIENTAL 27x54 in. Fringed Sold at $1.75, $|.|Q I
§ JUTE SMYRNA 3(JX60 in. Reversible. Sold at $2.25, S I -25 8
! Biz enough to cover a small floor; good enough for any floor ' 1
1 JUTE SMYRNA Choicest Turkish patterns, these Big Rugs— 6x9 I
I '* feet, $10.00. now $5.40. 7^X10 feet, $12.50, now $7.50. I
9X10 feat, $14.00, S9.OO. 9X12 feet, $16.50, now $ | O.8O J
Cuts in Curtains |
* Choice patterns in Battenberg and Arabian effects. Pairs Q
that'were $3.00 now $2.00 that w cre $3.75. now $2.75 |
that were $4.00 now $3.OO wcre $5.00 now $3.5O 9
that were $5.50 now $3.50 that were $6.00 now $4.50 I
9 that were $6.50 now $5.50 that were $8.50 now $6.50 1
• Free delivery Oakland Alameda Berkeley ¦ %
?£?£&?¦ M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
*" (Incorporated) , 13
ADVEBTISEMENTS.