: Do you 'ask: what the_ feeling Is in Lon->
don? It was one of most extraordinary sur
prise.'. It seemed almost a sort of-callous
ness.* I happened to be afa big luncheon
where,' were •". assembled • several • leading
.diplomats., , 'All were, astonished at the, ex*
traordinary calm that London showed un
der^ such 'trying, circumstances. . '.
As" a ; rule . they^ Insisted that he had news
he ¦» was withholding, v ¦ . * •
Special Cabl? to The Call -and; New Yort Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Publishing- Company.
what a dignified and august attitude h»
will adopt. If you only listen to such talk
you will hear It in every drawing-room.
The entire conversations will give you an
idea of the extraordinary callousness of
the. English upper classes; but not so
with -the plain people.
- Throughout the day many, expressions
were heard resenting an article published
in the Paris Matin," which said:
.. 'The* Queen's weeds are stained with
blood."
Judgment must be reserved until on«
sees the paper, because one can scarcely
believe that "a paper having an office la
London and paying the Times a conaider-
SURPRISING CALM SETTLES
UPON THE LONDON POPULACE
AS THE QUEENS LIFE EBB5
The Queen's strong constltutio'n mani
fested the first symptoms of serious de
cav during the stay of the, court at Wind
sor, in November and' December of 18S9,
when evil tidings ' of ¦ the i South African
war, which began tue previous October,
arrived In rapid succession. . It , waa
at this time that;. trie Queen had! fits
of crying In an aggravated form which
Immediately preceded her present critical
illness. ;¦
The assassination of the King of, Italy
last July shocked her deeply.^ Later came
the death of her. second son, .the Duke of
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha (Edinburgh), , : ) which
in a few, weeks was followed by the death
of her grandson,, Prince Christian vyictor.'
. The prospect of , an indefinite prolonga
tion of the war v was the trial under which
her '¦ healtn again : began I to sink In 'j No
vember last. ' Her sDirit ¦ remained un
daunted, and .when It was "reported ; that
President Kruger had said the;war would
claim her aa one of its victims the Queen
declared:, ••':-. .
"I may/div but Mr. f Kruger : won't : kill*
me.'\.''' : ' ..';",! '"'¦ ••"-•¦ '"•¦¦"¦' ¦"¦/ '¦ / :' ? !
' In December her jfeebleness^ rapidly fin
creased.* Sleepless .nights .were f passed ' in'
prayer. and; tears. ' ' • "^*$^^
. The facts given to-night place the ill
ness of the venerable Queen in a start
ling and pathetic light. They show that
her mind has been falling for some time.
Even'before her visit to Ireland she had
been a mental wreck for months. When
ever it was officially announced that- she
made felicitous responses to speeches at
public functions It Is a matter of cold
fact that, the poor old Queen was in such
a daze that all she could say to her com
panions was: "Where am I?" . Several
times when she appeared in public during
the past - six * or eight : months I she haa
fallen asleep. Had It been any one else
but. the Queen. of England it would have
been' plain long ago that 'her malady was
senile decay. And that, truthfully, is
what afflicts Victoria. But 'for her phys
ical breaking up . of the past: week, an
attack of paralysis; in , the left side, it
would have j been | possible for the : court
and the royal household to have kept
from the British people knowledge of her
mental decay for an Indefinite period.
For the Queen had lapses of Intellectual
vigor, . but these were more - distressing
to her than her periods of mental density
When her ¦ brain j was clear she immedi
ately reverted to the horrors of the. war
in South Africa. Again and again she
harped upon the war." This war. which
she strove with all her power, to avert,
made the last hours of England's Queen
most wretched and miserable. .In her lu
cid ¦ intervals . it haunted her Incessantly.
statement bears out the Information
which has been cabled to the W° r ld dur
ing the past six weeks of the causes of
the Queen's illness. ;<: y::. >^;'- ; -v
"The prayers of the congregation are
asked for tier Majesty, the Queen, the
condition of whose health is . a cause of
anxiety and sorrow to us all. "We pray
that by God's help her Majesty's recovery
may be speedy and complete."
The Dean of St. George's Chapel, Wind
sor, read the prayer for a sick person
when there is little hope of recovery, be
ginning: "For as much In all appear
ances, the time of her dissolution draw
etji near."
The following notice was read In the
Roman Catholic Pro-Cathedral at Kings
ton:
In churches of all denominations pray
ers were offered at the morning services,
and in most of them the latest bulletin
regarding the Queen's condition wa» read.
The chief rabbi resquested special pray
ers.
The rumors that the Marquis of. Salis
bury and the Archbishop of Canterbury
had been summoned to Osborne House
were Incorrect.
During the day the members of the
diplomatic corps and other notable per
sons entered their names in the visitors'
book at Buckingham Palace.
Emperor William stepped out of a sa
loon carriage wearing a traveling suit.
He saluted the Prince of Wales by kiss
ing him on both cheeks, and the Prince
returned a similar salutation. He then
embraced the Duke of York and shook
hands with the others. The people who
looked on as the carriages drove off un
covered their heads, and Emperor Wil
liam and the Prince of Wales acknowl
edged the courtesy by removing their
hats. No cheers broke the mournful si-;
lence. The crowd in the vicinity of Buck
ingham Palace maintained the same de
meanor when the Emperor and \ the
Prince of Wales retired togeher. At 10
p. m. the Prince . began a conversation
with Osborne House which "lasted nearly
an hour. As a result of this the Em
peror and Prince decided to start for Os
borne this (Monday) morning. .Orders
were given that a royal yacht should txj
kept in waiting to convey them to the
Isle of Wight.
the train entered the station. The Duke
of Tork. Prince Christian. Prince Albert
of Schleswlg-Holstein and Prince Arthur
of Connaught completed the group of roy
al personages.
LOTvDON. Jan. 21.— Throughout
the United Kingdom yester
day (Sunday) was one of
anxiety and suspense. No
one in England, outside the
circle of the court, knew the
real condition of the Queen
or the nature of her disease.
XiOnflon newspapers had not learned that
her Majesty had suffered a stroke of par
aJysis. Extra editions of the Sunday pa
pers contained no Information, but there
wer« many of the official bulletins and
they were eagerly bought.
There were small gathering in the vicin
ity of Buckingham Palace and Marlbor
ough House, as well as other centers
where the bulletins were posted. Crowds
assembled to witness the arrival of Em
percr William. Apart from such incidents,
however, the customary quiet of a Lon
don Sunday was not disturbed.
The most alarming reports of the day
came in the form of telegrams from the
Princesses at Osborne House. The com
ing of Emperor William and the news that
King L»eopold was about starting for Lon
don Inspired fears that death was at hand.
On the other hand, the fact that the
Prince of Wales was able to leave Os
borne House had an encouraging effect.
When the Prince arrived at Victoria sta
tion, London, at 4 o'clock with Sir Francis
Knollys attending, several hundred peo
pie were there to greet him. But there
was no demonstration beyond a respectful
raising of hats. The Earl of Clarendon
and the Earl of Pembroke received the
Prince. When they inquired regarding the
Queue's condition, he replied: ¦
"You see they have let me come away."
The Government had arranged to send
the fast cruiser Minerva to bring Emperor
William, but he embarked on a mail pack
et before he learned of the plans, being
accompanied by the Duke of Connaught.
The steamer had a. rough passage and
on entering fiheemess harbor she .went
by the warships •without any ceremonies.
Admiral Kennedy and Count von MIrbach,
of the German Embassy, received the Em
peror and escorted him to a special wait
ing room.
Two hours before ' his Majesty's train
was due in London, people began to gather
about Charing Cross etatlon-The crowd
Included not only the usual hangers-on,
but many fashionable people and hundreds
of Germans, anxious to see the Emperor
on his first appearance in London in years.
The throng became bo large that the
authorities erected wooden barriers and
a hundred of the tallest police of the Met
ropolitan force, with squads of mounted
men. lined up the people on the streets,
forming a lane for two blocks to Nelson's
monument In Trafalgar Square. Through
this lane moved a procession of royal car
riages, each bearing two footmen in yel
low liveries behind. The carriages entered
the railway station and drew up near the
track.
The Prince of Wales arrived Just before
EMPEROR WILLIAM ARRIVE5
POST HASTE IN ENGLAND TO
VISIT THE DYING QUEEN
• Isle of Wight. Jan. 21,
. JT --^W ;7:5O a.m.-The Queen Is still
: /| alive, but all hopes, are gone.
Bl ') Doubts i are expressed ; as : to
V whether the Prince of Wales
nnrl Emperor Willlsim will ar
¦- ¦ -¦ : - rive here' before the end.
An enormous; crowd of news
paper representatives and others with
carriages, bicycles' and .lanterns has col
lected at -the. lodge gates waiting. In in
tense excitement to convey the , news,
momentarily expected, that the Queen
has breathed her last. » . . •'> • .' '
¦ LONDON, Jan.^: 21. 8:25 a., m.— A special
train left the Victoria station, for , Os
borne at" 8 o'clock this morning with Em
peror William.; the Prince. of Wales, the
Duke of ; York and the Duke of Connaught
aboard. -.
COWES, ; Isle 'of Wight, Jan. 21, 5:15. a.
m.— The members of the royal family are
gathered ! In a room adjoining the : Queen's
bedchamber. > Her. Majesty Is unconscious
and the end Is expected at any, moment:
Immediately 'on; thei occurrence of i the'
Queen's ; collapse, at about 10 o'clock last
evening, i a" message was sent * to : London
summoning the Prince of : Wales a~hd;Em
peror/William.*; The .Prince of ..Wales \ was
In such a condition of health that; it' was
utterly Impossible for him to" leave Lon
don-at that hour. , . -. ' •
.!' It * Is '.understood J that the . physicians
have resorted to artificial methods to pro
long life, such as are used only in extreme
casesI.i.V ¦' ,'x; ¦¦ _ .-. -•-•,*¦."¦¦¦:
",;; Arrangements "-. have • been ;. made ; with 5 a
local undertaker to haLveallJthe^prellmlna
ries to burial '.' ready,.' In case , of ; an* emery
! gency. !r '..'• .".,. ' '•**" " "'- .-': .¦'¦"¦ - -'¦:".;-."! \. .'
; LONDON, "Jan. 2L— The ; Dally, Chronicle
has \ received j the ! following , dispatch \ from
CoweVf. dated* 12:46 1 aT! m; : ; "The \ Queen ' Is
reported \ to -be * sinking": fast. "/, TheSrdctor
of ;,Whippingham Jwaa { summoned fat "mid
night, and; he has; Jujsti arrived ln!one: of
. the Queen's carriages." \ '
InyalidiHas a Sinking:
Spell Which Brings
on Unconsciousness
Night of Anxiety for
the Members of the
Queen's Household
AWAITING
THE CALL
OF DEATH
TO PROCLAIM
EDWARD KING
OF BRITAIN
LONDON, Jan. 21 (Special
cablegram to the New York
World). — The privy council
h as already prepared its pro
clamation announcing the ac
cession of the Prince of [Wales
to the throne. It is as fol
lows: ''% -!**-;\; :-. ': ' ¦" ¦
"Whereas, It '> has '. pleased
Almighty God to call to his
mercy our late sovereign lady,
Queen Victoria, of . blessed
and*; glorious memory, by
whose decease -the imperial
crown of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland is
solely and rightfully: come* to
the high and mighty.: Prince
Albert Edward,' -we,, there
fore, the lords spir
itual and temporal ; of .-. this
realm,.' bsing, here '.with ¦ those
of her] . late ' ma j esty's tpjiVy
council, with numberWTjbf other
principal, gentlemen jot-* qual
ity, .with the Loridj Mayor,' Al r
dermen and citizens of Lon
don, do now hereby with' nne
voice and consent of tongue
and. heart publish, and pro
claim that this , . high ',; and
mighty Prince Albert Edward
is • now, by * the death of .our
late sovereign of happy mem
ory, become our only lawful
and rightful liege .Lord Ed
ward, by grace of God King 1 of
the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, defender
of the faith, to whom we do ac
knowledge all faith and con
stant obedience with all hear
ty and humble affection, be
seeching God, by whom Kings
and Queens do reign, to bless
our Royal King Edward with
long and happy years to reign
over us.\' .
QUEEN CLING TO LIFE,
BUT ALL HOPE IS GONE
PIUCE^^^E^cfelS'
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, } JANUARY/; 1 21;' :1?6:L
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 52.
The San Francisco Call
-THE PRINCE AND PRINCESS OF WALES.
QUEEN VICTORIA IN HER CORONATION ROBES.
THE PICTURE-IS FROM A PAINTING BY SIR. "WILLIAM HATTER, THAT "WAS PRESENTED BT THE QUEE2T-TO THE
BRITISH.. RATIONAL PORTRAIT GALLERY. REPRODUCED FROM THE LONDON .O RAPHIC. - r>- ; ' : 7
, Continued on Fourth Pass* W%\
the New York World).— A World corre
spondent obtained to-night from'a source
within court ¦ circles the ; first ; comprehen-*
sive and actuar account; of the^Queen's
Illness that has been • given: out. -^ Thla
/
LONDON, Jan. 20 (Special Cablegram to
HAS BEEN ILL
FOR MONTHS
-mg> ONDON, Monday, j Jan. 2L—
H l; '^f vr The "announcement'' about the*
El ¦ > Queen *,that ? greeted • clubmen
;H •", ; as. they hastily.- rushed -.toHhe
H .^'. telegraph -board "this morning
JLm^ seemed \ to extinguish all . hope
/:¦ .* in* those \whoVread»lt. 'jlt'was:
/ ¦' > .. 1 ".'7:15 ; ;ai:?rn.— The^Queen • Is
allve't but ' her •* condition'; Is • very '-' grave.'!
r -i Therekwas a crowd outside 3 Of IBucklng-;
ham '{• Palace V,' arid Marlborough '.^ House.
Many: persons I had i waited: all night./ .The
notices glyen^were ¦ on; white sheets -of .pa-;
per ."and I were t posted f on" small | boards , six
Inches Jsby^ twelve, 'as.HJrimltrve ¦'. as v any-^
thing could be".? Poor, "Bobby" , had a ¦ veryj
hard * of i lt.>. Persons ; in s the 'crowd
kept asking him a multitude' of questions.'
;ThereL was' really .more talk- lii society
tc-day: about what the_Prince of Wales
would ;'do * when : he . came to the throne
.than .-about ¦ anything el»e. , Already two
camps Yare"forraedTon~ this' subject— those
whofsay^the Prince Iwlll -remain "exactly
what. he has. been and those who say the
world ', will; be :. astonished when~lt sees
C0WE5, Isle of Wight, Jan. 21, 8 a.'m.===The;:death of the Queen 15 near at hand. She is alive, but unconscious.Victoria Believsd That She "Would
Die in January and in the
Afternoon.
Special Cable to Tha Call and N> w Tor , u "*J
al.l. Copyright. 1501. by the HeraM Pub-
U-ihlnz Company.
LONDON. Jan. /!.— It was said yester
day that the death month of the pwaent
English royal family i» January «nd that
the Queen had that Idea. Put this is not
In the least confirmed by perusal of the
Almanach d'Gothn. It Is ntilte true that
Prince Henry of Batt'n^F^'T 1 ln . J * RU 
ary. so did Prince "EcHle (Duke of Clar
ence), but the Prince Consort died on De
cember It forty years ago. It was on a
Saturday, and the people did not know e-f
his death until his namj was omitted
from prayers on the Sunday mornimr fol
lowing The Duke of Albany died tn
March.' and so on. However, the Queen
held that she would die In January, ana
perhaps in the afternoon.
KI1IG LEOPOLD TO START.
BRUSSELS. Jan. 20.— King Leopold,
who Is kept fully informed regarding tho
condition of Queen Victoria. . will pro
ceed to Osborne House immediately. Tho
ro y«l yacht Is waiting with steam up.
Hia Majesty will be accompanied by Count
d'Oultremont, grand roawhal of the
court, and Count d'Asschth master of
ceremonies. :
DEATH MONTH
FOR ROYALTY
I will not be the first to remind her of her
altered position." "
Her First CotrneU of State.". X
Only after this was done was the. girl
Queen at liberty to go and finish her tnilf t
and talk over her changed fortune with
her beloved mother. At nine, homnr,
she had to see the Prime Minister, and
at eleven her first council was held. The
crowds of peers and high officials who
came to that council ¦was almost Incred
ible, for all were curious to see how the
young girl, of whose Inner nature so little
was known, would demean herself. Ens
land had aeen wom^n mnunt the throne
before, but then they had never been .*o
young. Even Mr. Orfvllle. present on thl=»
occasion, and who has left behind him .in
acid diary In which he abuses most
things, has only words of praise to b<
stow. The simp!* dignity with which she
went through the Ions ordeal of this mul
titude of men swearing allegiance an-i
kissing her hand, the charm of voice a~d.
delivery with which she read her first
speech/earner! her the praise of all pres
ent. Indeed, the beauty of her voice. U>e
clearness of her enunciation in public,
speaking, have ever been a thrme of
praise. When her aged uncles knelt to dr»
her homage she was visibly affected and
blushed up to the eyes, as though she felt
the contrast between their civil and natu
ral relations. But this was the only sfga
of emotion she evinced..
Xext day the ceremony of proclamation
took place, when, -according to custom,
the Queen had to appear at the open win
dow of the Presence Chamber In St.
James' Palace, surrounded by her great
nobles in their state robes. She herself.
and her mother, who stood beside her.
were simply dressed in mourning. Vflovr
were heralds and trumpeters ready to pro
claim to all men: "Th« King la dead!
l.or.s live the Queen!" Hundreds of gruiiS
repeated the record, and loud acclama
tions from the populace rent the at-. Th<s
last " sovereigns had not gained lbs love
or esteem of the people; it wns hoped,
and not in vain, that this new ruter wot:!*
prove more constitutional, and would ob-
Hteratrs all unhappy recollectlon3.
One result of the Queen's accsaslon ivaa
that the connection of the English crown
with Hanover, so hated by the English
people, and which in later tines* woulu
have drawn the country Into continental
troubles, was severed, since In th;u little
kingdom the Eallc law was In fore*. Th>>
crown was therefore assumed ry . th*
Queen's uncle, the unpopular Duka c
Cumberland.
. , -., who. In the lkte
jfll bleak days of "March. 1£1>..
/«L./ traversed the highroads that
f^jL He between Amorbach,
,/^^^Ql capital of the tiny principality
iJL. "¦ ¦ JEuk of Lelnlngen. and the Dutch
seacoast, might have encoun
tered an old-fashioned.; heavy
traveling; coach, driven; by a- tall, stout."
baldheaded. red-faced^ elderly, gentleman.
He would. scarcely, ' however, have imag
ined;that this, coachman was no! less a
perspnage than hl« Royal r Highness- the
1 Duke- of Kent, fourth' son' of .the then
reigning -English sovereign. G«orge HI.
If he, was indiscreet enough to ; peep Into
j the carrlace'.hB would^have seen.; that Us
occupant ..was a ? lady^ whey still ."possessed
much* youthful grace and fbeaifty^'though
she bad / passed Cher prime, and ! , h« migh t
further have* observe,d that she was about
to become a mother. "• This lady was Vic
toria of the, house of Saxe-Coburg, widow
of ifa'Pripcti qt vLejnlngen; and wife- of
her 'amateur, coachman', -who wasdrlvlng
her ( thus \ carefully- j himself ! for . fear ( of
those untoward accidents not rare; In pra
rallway " days. ~] ¦!¦'¦ .The ; Duke" wa« aiixiQua :
nhat his expected offspring should be born
on Eneltsh soil. .-for it was by:no;means
! Improbable that this unborn child^wouia
some day sit upon the throne of England.
The journey was Indeed -accomplished | In
safety, though hampered serious pe
cuniary difficulties. - '}. -'
Duke Not a Favorite; ¦} j
It seems strange that this should have
been the case with a royal Prince, but
the Drke was no favorite with his fam
ily, and, mofeovr. jealousy and Hl-feel
lns of all-kinds- were rife among the royal
brothers of England on account of this
expected child, each desiring to be the.
father of the future sovereign. For. not
withstanding the fact that George III.
and his, royal spouse. Queen Charlotte,
had been most prolific, the younger mem
bers of the family were few. The long
continental war and . the royal marriage
,act passed by the King himself had kept
the younger princes unmarried till they
were middle-aged men. The heir to the
throne In those davs was first George,
Prince of Wales,. for some time Regent,
owing to his father's Insanity, and then
hia only daughter Charlotte, who In 1S15
married Leopold., afterwards Klng'of the
Belgians. Bu * when In the winter of 1S17
Princess Charlotte was laid In eternal
rest, her still-born infant in her arms, it
was perceived with consternation .that
there was no young heir to the throne.
Immediately the royal princes who were
still unmarried hurried to look around
them for suitable connections, and early
the next year the Dukes of, Clarence,
Kent and Cambridge married three prin
cesses. Indeed, the two former were mar
ried on the same day. .The Duke of Kent,
however, had stolen a march upon his
brother, for. he had a> few montha previ
ously married his bride In. Germany, the
English ceremony being merely a formula
to render yet more . legal the possible
fruit of the union. For all these men were
far aflva need In the fifties; had led disci
puted lives and offspring was no certainty.
Th* Duke of Kent was by far th* best
and most, moral of the- royal princes;
though it can scarcely be said .that he was
! popular. He had not : been ..a -favorite
child with his parents, and had thus per
haps escaped, the evil effects of court flat
tery and home Indulgence. His, leanings
were Liberal — nt that;tlm« an object of
loathing to ¦ rayojty,- and on. this account
tie was cut off with a. niggardly allowance
quite unfitting his rank. His tastes were
continental rather than English— another
cause for unpopularity, the nation In
those days having a -great distaste for
everything 'not Insular.' The coarseness
cf the age preferred the home-bred ex
travagances and even vices of his broth
ers to his more' decorous and moral con
duct. It was therefore not quite seen with
favor that he : might be the father of the
future sovereign. And, indeed, the' Duke
of Clarence, his elder, who had forestalled
hlm.by.a'few weeks In becoming- a father,"
might yet have other children.. though. his
baby had died erethe Duke of Kent's saw
the.: light. Still, 'when his own little
daughter^ was : born, ''the 'Duke regarded
her.'hlgh destiny as such a settled thing
that he ,was..wont to hold In -hi*
arms and say: "Look^at" her well:" she
will yet be Queen of ; England."- -And, in
deed, the sickly; Clarence . Princess ;' who"
followed her sister also faded in : baby-'
hood Into "an early grave. , ': >
¦ .Birth. of the "May Blossom."
"It-was when th« horsechestnut trees." for
which Kensington Gardens -are,; famous,'
wero in fuir snowy bloom ; that' there 1 was
born (May 24, 1819) • in th«v, old red-brick;
Dutch-looking ' : abode of , Kensington Pal
ace/. London,* the infant whom her • Ger
man relations loved to : call the "May blos
som." ';.TWe baby!s birth .was a matter, of
no small national moment;; It was to Inau
gurate' a' reign that has proved one of . the
longest;' noblest,^ mostf^ prosperous ; % and
most 1^stirring ; lni; England's,; "proud -; story.'
Yet when ¦ those [ blue : eyes \ first ¦ opened ' to
the light of day \ matters^lboked 'anything
, but halcyon ; for: Britain. 'True.l Napoleon, i
teaching her one day she was very Impa
tient for: the lesson to be over— one* or
twice rather refractory. The Duchess of
Kent came In and asked how she had be
haved. Lehzen said, 'Oh. once she was
rather troublesome.' The Princess touched
her and nald, 'No, Lehzen. twice, don't
you remember?'" French, Italian. Latin,
Gret?k, mathematics, music and drawing
were the- chief studies pursued. In the
two, latter especially she made good prog"
ress. The. Queen 1" a fair musician and
draughtswoman, and to this day employs
her leisure in these accomplishments. A
tender consideration for others /vas also
Inculcated In the Princess, .08 wellaa
strict economy and the habit of cash pay^
ment. This was all the, more remarkable
in an age when spendthrift extravagance
was held a princely virtue. She was also
taught to finish whatever she was doing
before she began anything, else— a rule
that was applied even to' her amusements.
Indeed, It would '.have been difficult for
her .mother . to -have educated her with
more prudence and. wisdom, and she grew
up submissive to 'authority -and happy In
the' pleasures. "of. tier- 'age. All knowledge
of her probable future dignity wns care
fully . kept from her. ' As she "grew old
enough to notice It, It puzzled her that
when *ho and her sister. were out together
the gentlemen took off their hats to.her
(Victoria) and not to the elder Jady. ' But
when it was explained to her that she was
a royal Princess of England, and her half
sister a German and of lower rank, she
was satisfied.
* Faults and Virtues.
Yet even the most careful training can
not make' children angels. The Princess
Victoria had . her\ faults like other chil
dren, and these faults have remained with
her through life, though In changed form
—that Is to say. she was Impulsive. -and
sometimes not a little willful and . impe
rious. But as the affections are strong
and the head well trained, these matters
always righted themselves. She has an
Ingrained sense. of justice which can al
ways redress the 'balance.
In 1820 William IV. ascended the throne,
and" It was then that both mother and
governess held that the Princess Victoria
ought' to be Informed of her high rank.
One day, therefore, the genealogical table
of England, till then carefully kept "from
her, was purposely put Into her. lesson
book. The Princess opening it and seeing
the" additional paper said:
"I never saw that before." s
"It was not held necessary you should.
Princess." replied Fraulein Lehzen.
"1 see I am nearer the throne than I
The young girl was quiet awhile, and
then paid:
"How. many- a child would boast! But
they ; don't know the difficulty. There la
much splendor, but there Is more respon
sibility."
The Princess, having lifted up' the fore
finger of her right hand while she spoke,
gave that. hand to her governess, say
ing:
"I will be good. I understand now. why
you ur^ed me so- much to learn, even
Latin. My Aunts'Augusta and Mary never
did. but you told me Latin Is T the founda
tion of English grammar and of all the
elegant expressions, and I; learned It, as
youwlshed It. but I understand all bet
ter now." Again she repeated, "I will
be rood."
"But your Aunt Adelaide is still
young," ¦; said, the governess, j "and " may
have children, and of course they would
ascend the" throne after their father, "Wil
liam IV., and not you, Princess."
¦To which tho girl replied:
"And if itwasso I should never '.'. feel
disappointed, for I know by the love Aunt
Adelaide bears me how fond she Is of
children." ' ¦
: *lt , now' became j needful for ¦ the ' little
Princess, as acknowledged heiress, : to be
seen sometimes at court and In public, but
her mopier took care. that these Interrup
tions to her. studies should be as rare as
possible.- Nor was the court °' the coarse
languaged William a more fit place for a
young, girl: than "that • of his dissipated
brother.; Certainly few maidens have been
reared so quietly. At sixteen she went to
her first ball, r and.even then was sent off
to bed after one dance.
Albert Visits Kensington.
- It' was ; In ; 1836 that the destined Prince
came' first r to ' the' quiet J shades of - Ken
sington.- Albert of Saxe-Coburg: was, first
cousin to the Queen on. her mother's side,
and. both their common uncle Leopold and
his ;. Intimate - : adviser. Baron ;; Stockmar,
had formed \ the Idea of -uniting these .two
cousins , in : marriage "from the tlm* they
were / .babies/; They : were > born ; - within
three months of each other, nursed by the
same nurses,--; reared , on \ the same system.
It; Is true. that It seemed something: of. a
mesalliance ; for : the Queen of ', England to
marry »a. petty German Prince, but as the
youth grew- up\ he gave such evident signs
ofiaaperiorjrmentaj capacity, that; It':. was
felt ? that'^ he : would '- make-up,; In ? wisdom
what hp lacked In birth. ;It.waa,:however,'
agreed * that 'neither should I know Jot ; the
plani but" that 'as soon v as possible the
the great 'disturber of the peace of > 1
tions, wan' enjoying, ample lelsuce o- ' the
rock of St. Helena to meditate upon. the
seas of blood with which he had IniquR
bu'sly- deluged Europe, and It was Kng
land ' that, almost unassisted, had wittiT
stood him and pinned him captive; but as
Inevitable reaction after a long war. there
was misery in the. land; taxes were high,
food was dear, trade was at a standstill.
The reigning King was old.; blind- arid
crazy; the Regent an elderly profligate.
No brilliant outlook, truly. ; .
It was a month after her birth that the j
small* royal Highness was baptized with
all pomp Jn : the grand saloon of Kensing
ton Palace." The royal gold font, long un
used, was' brought from the tower on
purpose, and archbishops and bishops per
formed the ceremony.
¦There ! was some little trouble about
finding a' name for the baby. . The father
# wishedtb"cali her Elizabeth, thinking that
from '( iti^glorious tradition : that would
proveajidme. to please] people"' should. she
occupy. th« throne. : But jthe, Prince Re
gent. who 1 * was; godfather -together with
the Emperor^df. RussJa.V gave' only the
name of Alexandrlna to the clergy. • Th*
father pleaded that another name be add-',
ed, and proposed the feminine form of the
Regent's own name, Gcorglna. But' tho
Regent said his name could not come in
the second . place, and as the Emperor's
must take precedence. If the baby had to
have. another name,- "give her her moth
er's." So the Princess came. to be called
Al^xandrina Victoria, and in infancy was
known as the Princess Drina, a name
she dropped after her accession.
D?ath of Victoria's Father.
It v/as the first winter after her birth
that the baby Princess went with her pa
rents to pass the cold months In the
•prety seacoast town of Sldmouth in Dev
onshire. The visit was to have a fatal
termination. The father, who was devot
ed to his child, came in one day wet after
walking In a storm, and instead of chang
ing his clothes lingered to play with the
baby. A chill struck- him, Inflammation
set in, und in January. 1S20. he died. leav
ing his six months' old child an orphan
in poor circumstances, under the sole
guardianship of her mother. Prince Leo
pold, brother of the widow, and ever af
ter the faithful friend and guide of mother
and daughter, came at once to be beside
his sister In the hour of- her sorrow, it
was he who advised that the Duchess
should stay on In England, that her child
might have an English education—expedi
ent, seeing how near she. stood to the
crown. Two days after. the death, there
fore, the Duchess and her babe returned
to London. The Infant held up at the car
riage window tx> bid farewell to the as
sembled population of. Sldmputh laughed
Joyously and patted the glasses with her
dimpled hands, In utter unconsciousness
of her bereavement. On the very day the
party arrived in London (January 29, 1821)
George III. was at last gathered to his
fathers, the worst, and happily last,
of the 'Georges ascended the throne.
Knowing the impurity of his court, the
Duohess of Kent, resolved from the first
to keep herself [- absent from it for. her
daughter's sake, and for this- her widow
hood and her very restricted pecuniary
means gave her a' good pretext. -The posi
tion of the Duchess was certainly a sad
and difficult one. She had resigned, her
German home and jointure, and was now
alone In a i foreign: land,' the 'language of
which she could hardly speak, with the
charge of bringing up its probable heir.
Kensington Palace .was assigned to , her
as a residence, and -here she received the
official deputation of condolence that wait
ed upon her. To spectators the; contrast
was painful between the tear-stained, face
of the mother and the smiling baby face
of the child. Here. In Kensington, with
frequent changes of scene in the sumnier,
the infant years of the Princess Victoria
were; passed.- In company -¦ of her mother
and her half-sister Feodore. It was no
infrequent sight to : see the ' two in 'the
gardens, the elder drawing. the younger. in
a little .carriage, . or. walking beside her
donkey chair. The baby^ liked; to be: no
ticed, and answered all vmo spoke 'to" her,
holding out her soft 'dimpled hand' to "be
kissed: Life passed quietly and somewhat
monotonously : at >the palace. The^ Queen
herself has. told us that her, childhood was
lonely and sad. ' Simplicity and regularity
were .the ;> marked - features ; of , her : early
life, that hadtone great.! want— that of a
companion'; of -her/own; age. .;¦ There; was
plenty ;of, r outdoor j exercise fas '.well; as j of
good .teaching and study. • .The.* child" rath
er objected to; regular instruction atflrst;
and "was ; inclined to"; ask,' "after."' the ' style
of v her grandfather, ! George III.", V "What
good '_ this? -what good \ that?"; but . was ; at
last convinced ; of. the, need of Ue'arnlng.'Of
her^ governess,'; a 'wise and excellent : wo
man.' who remained with her till after her
marriage; -i the :r , after";' Queen 'wrote: "I
adored ! her,*: though I .was greatly in \ awe
of her." At the ; age of ' five I she 'was En
trusted *to an ? English ; tutqr^-yery.; need-'
ful;' .as 'both ¦- mother ;'• and .governess') were
Germans.' [; £ This - ; tutor T related ; ;"> how : the,
Princess; had alwaysa; most strict regard
for.: truth. * "I remember when : I had been
ness has been present," said the corre
spondent.-"that. you were continually
smiling during the proceedings and
seomed to be enjoying yourself very
much."
"Te3," replied the Prince, a shade of
I weariness creeping into h!S eyes, "that 13
where I act. If only you knew how terri
bly bored I am by the inordinate length
of snmo of there dinners and the speeches
and how I am all the time longing to pet
away, you would be really sorry for me.
But. there. I must not say too much on
that subject."
"With regard to horae-raclng and bet
; ting, your Royal Highness?" :»,, '
"I think ractFK- Is the finest sport tn th»f
1 world, and I only regret that it shoulfl bo
harmed by the amount of bettlntr which
goes on. Personally I am stronely averse
to the practice, and I always. use wha.
Influence I possess to discountenance it
among my personal friends. especlaUy
when it is made a recular practice of and
the stakes are "arse."
"There are many people who think thnt
your Royal Tlishness has a very easy II f«
of. It. »nd that the hardest duties which,
you have to perform are attending statt*
functions."
."Now. here in some Information for
you/' said the Prince. "Do you know that
I myself s«;e every, letter which is ad
dressed to me, and In the majority of In
stances dictate the reply? When the mail
arrives in the morning it la opened by my
secretary's staff and sorted into three
group?— letters from personal friend* and
relative^ tho?? .bearing on state, affairs.
and. thirdly, bogging letters and peti
tions — and I mnke it my business to maka
myself aware of the contents of each.
This of itself Is no light task, when you
take into consideration the fact that each,
morning's mall consists of some hun
dreds of letter*. So that those who aajr
mine is an idle life malign me."
A«kert hia opinion on South African af
fairs, he smilingly shook his head and re
fused to be drawn out. But he said that,
he should always remember with the
deepest affection and regard the heroic
conduct ef the troops in the campaign.
"One more question." said the corre
spondent. "What Is your Royal Highness*
favorite recreation?"
"Shooting." he replied, unhesitatingly.
"There" Is nothing I like better than a
good day's hunt. It seems th« only thlnjr
which takes me out of myself and makes
me forget the cares and responsibilities
of my position."
There was one more remark that tha
Prince made which will he of Interest. a3
It bears on the America's cup. for. al
though his Royal Highness has not taken
so much Interest In yacht racing since tht>
pritannia. he openly confesses that "th»rn
are few things which I would like better
i than to see the America's cup come home
j again."
" ONDOX. Friday. Jan. 11.— The .
p| following Is the substance of j
H : an Interview with the Prince j
Kg ! of Wales which Is, to appear)
• g^ : \*M shortly In a London magazine, j
There is every reason to he- '
";. -; Ileve It Is i perfectly genuine.,
and It is -understood to , be the first
interview In which. 'his Royal Highness
has bepn directly quoted:
A correspondent who had been priv'
leged to • meet -the Prince of Wales on
more than. one occasion had an Interview
with England's future King at Marlbor
ough. House, his Rqyal Highness" Lort
don residence. • some' days 1 ago.' The
Prince talked with great frankness con
cerning himself and his views on various
subjects. If any. one 'ever deserved the
appellation of "a busy man." the Prince
does, and there are few city merchants
or business men who work harder thi»n
he does, and even the London public has:
no idea of the quantify of work he gets
through In the course of a day. It Is only
by following a; moat methodical arrange
ment that he Is able to do so much us h*> 1
does In the time. As a matter of fact, all I
his engagements are made weeks and I
sometimes months ahead, and every hour,
almost every minute. Is mapped' out for
him.
,yvvhen the correspondent was ushered
Into his study at Marlbcrough House the
Prince was seated at an old-fashioned
pedestal writing desk, the fac simile of |
the one used, by his father, the late Pfince
Consort, which was piled high with pa
pers, and. documents -of all descriptions.
He wore a black morning coat and vest.
dark gray Jrousere, square fronted col
lar, with a 'white spotted black bow tie,
and patent leather shces. and in his fin
gers he held the Inevitable cigar. His
greetipj was kind In the. extreme. It -was
merely like an' elderly business man!
amiUnfr a kindly welcome to some young
and «tarJnEf mtrduer. \ .
. "Well, what do you want me to say?"
was hi? K'«yal Highness' auery as soon
as the r«xHro.lnary greeting was over.
: 'Tim correspondent launched forth his
iiuc>«tions, l>«-slnninpr with inquiries about
the numerous public dinners which the
Prince attended, and alluding to the
published statement that the Prince held 1
the record for obtaining the largest
sum of money ever .collected at one ban
quet.
"Yes, that's . quite . correct. I certainly
hold the record In that respect," said the
Prince. "And > presiding at dinners, etc..
for the benefit of charities, especially
Masonic ones. Is almost a pleasure to
me. The only part, which I do. not llk»
about tho proceedings Is if the dinner
drags Itself out to a considerable length
That I do not like, and when dining In
private lit home . the meal seldom lasts
more than an hour." '_..'¦
"I have, read many, time* In reports of
dinners, etc, at which your Royal High-
young people should meet and see if they
couid love each other before making any
other arrangements. Shrewd Baron Stock
mar, who gave this advice, was well
aware of the potency j of the spell the
young Prince bore about with him, name
ly that of great personal beauty and sim
ple, charming manners. So in 1836 Prince
Albert/and his brother Erneet.. lads of
sixteen and seventeen, were sent to Eng
land to see the country and visit their re
lations. A pleapant month passed, during
which the cousins *aw much of each oth
er, singing and drawing together and vls
ittns the sights. They evMentlr came to
some understanding, for among the rings
the Queer} wears to this day Is one. a
small enamel with a tiny diamond In the
center, given her by Prince Albert when
he flrst'eame to England as a lad of sev
enteen. Still nothing was ssttled. and
nothing, it seems, was said to the Prince,
who returned to his studies at Bonn Uni
versity-. The King of the Belgians, how
ever, had confided his pet scheme to his
niece, who,* In a letter to him (Jttne 7,
1S36), acknowledges her affection for her
cousin. "I have only now. to beg you. my
dearest uncle," It concludes, "to take care
of the health of one now so dear to' me,
and to take him under your special pro
tection. I hope and trust that all will go
on prosperously and well on this sub
ject, now of so much Importance to me."
.' In consequence of this letter, of which
Prince Albert, however, was ignorant, a
turn was given to hLs studies that should
prepare him for his future exalted posi
tion.
Princess Comes of Age.
¦ Meantime, in May, 1S37,- the Princess
came of age; for royal folk, for reasons
unexplained, are allowed this privilege
three years earlier than common people.'
There were great national rejoicing*, and
a state ball was given: but at this neither
King nor Queen were Rble to be present,
for rough-spoken" William IV. lay upon
v;hat was to prove his deathbed. He had,
however, attained his dsstre — to see the
Princess of age ere his death, for he did
not wi&h that the sister-in-law he most
unjustly hated should hold • the reins of
government. The festivities over, the
Princess Victoria returned once more to
the' privacy of her life at Kensington Pal
ace. . But It was not to be of long dura
tion. " In the early dawn of June M tbe
gate porter was roused by a knockirfg.
which, like that In "Macbeth," was sig
nificant of a King's death. A coach and
four had dashed full speed up the great
central avenue. Its occupants grave men
who listened not to the birds/ morning
songs, nor noticed the sweetness of thu
flower-scented rooming air. They heeded
only the importance of their solemn er
rand. "They knocked, they rang, they
thumped for a considerable time before
they could : rouse the porter at the gate;
they were again kept waiting in th»
courtyard; then -turned into • one of the
Iqwer rooms, where tney seemed to be for
gotten by everybody. They rang the bell,
and" desired that' the attendant of tho
Princess Victoria might be sent to Inform
her royal Highness that they " re'iues'ted
an audience on business of* Imuortnnce.
After anqther delay and another ringing
to Jnculre ; the cause, the attendant was
summoned.' who stated that the Tilncess
was in such a »we«t sleep that she could
not venture to disturb her. Then tht/
eald, .'We are; come on ' business of Htatci
to the Queen, and even . her sleep must
give way to'that.' U did; and 10 prove
that she did not keep them waiting. In a
few moments »he came Into therwrn in a
loose white nightgown and shawl, her
nightcap thrown off, and her hair .- falling
upon; her. shoulders, her. feet" in «J!ppi>r«.
tears In .her eye*., but, perfectly 'collected
and dignified." She listened t0.tht.ncW9
they communicated with tender sympathv
for her Aunt Adelaide, and it. Is Maid that
she asked the. archbishop to .pray with
her. . ISSSftBPflBfllBBnBH
Her first: act after. the announcement o;
her,' accession w«s to .write to her aunt.
Queen Adelaide, a tender letter of condol
ence, begging her to remain at*Wtni!air as
long, as < she pleased. ..- She addressed It
"To ' Her, Majesty the Queen" at .Windsor
Castle. .Told that she . ought to -write;
t'Tp* Her .•¦• Majesty the fQueen-D&xagfir."
she answered; •*! am aware of that: /but
• ; Condolence.
Lord Pauncefote the -Recipient of
- Many Messages of
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— Beyond the of
ficial bulletins Issued by the Queen's phy
sicians no reports regarding the condition
of Queen Victoria wefe" received by Lord
Pauncefote, the British *Kmbassador, to
day. In view o' her Majesty's serious con
dition and her advanced age the officials
of the embassy have little' hope of her re
covery, and they are in hourly expectation
of advices announcing, that her death has
occurred. • No 'decision relative to the cer
emony, of mourning \ which will be ob
served has been nnnounced. and It Is ex
pected that thi3 will he-made uniform by
instructions to be sent from London.-
Among the officials "great^ sympathy is
expressed for the royal family and ¦ the
English people. The embassy has found
that In affliction the sympathy of the
American people goes out to their cousins
across the Atlantic. 1 Lord Pauncefote to
day received ¦ many messages of condo
lence, which added the hope that the
Queen would recover.
GRIEF AT CAPETOWN,
"CAPE: TOWN. Jan. ; 20. —The 'news of
Queen Victoria's illness caused consterna
tion in Cape Town. Sir Alfred Milner and
his staff attended services In the Cathe
dral, where prayers were offered for her
Majesty's recovery. »
SYMPATHY AT
WASHINGTON
turned to Parliament, where before there
were only CO. ,
Disraeli did not wait for. the new Par
liament. He resigned a? Premier, and
Mr. Gladstone was at once, sent for, ac
cepted the" Premiership and went to worl
to formulate his famous Irish polio
After five years of power, having aceom
pllshed great things, having seen tho
beginning of the Irish Home Rule- party,
Gladstone's lease cf oITlce was terminated
by a vote in the Irish University. - -
The accession of the second conserva
tive Ministry of Disraeli .found the budget
with a balance of £60,000,000. Sugar .du
ties were abolished, and the income tax
reduced to 2d on,- the pound.. This.- the
ninth Parliament of. Queen Victoria, sat
for six years. Dl?raeli, now come to be
the Earl of Beaconsfield. giving' the coun
try some occasional "surprises. . One of
these' was the llnancial coup by which he
purchased from the Khedive' of .Egypt
his interest In the Suez canal., rudely
awakening the French from their dream
of control. Another was the; acquisition
of the Turkish IfIc of Cypress, handed
over for a guarantee to Turkey of' her
Asiatic provinces in the evc-nt of any
future Russian encroachments.-
Notwithstanding these performances,
the Beaeonsfleld Ministry went down be
fore the flood of Irish debates, and Glad
stone assumed office In 1SS0, ' "carrying
through both houses that measure known
as the Irish land act.two new men being
in his Cabinet in the persons of Joseph
Chamberlain and Sir Charles DHke.
The Eastern question had-'kept'all'Eu
rope busy for some years, as It seems
destined to do for many more, and Eng
lish Ministries were hard worked; but
they kept pegging away at this and that
reform, despite the fact that their armies
were engaged, and not al w.i y« success
fully. - . - v ".<¦ '- ¦¦¦¦ -
Fp.ll of Khartoum. '
Almost simultaneously with " the as
sembling-of Parliament on February 19.
18S5, came the news of the fan; of Khar
toum and the. death of "Chinese" Gordon.
These terrible events sent. a thrill .of hor
ror through the country-;, and the Govern
ment was severely condemned for its pro
crastination. Mr." Gladstone appealed for
a vote of confidence. Financial questions
were embarrassing, and when. In April,
the budget was ready. It showed proposals
for an augmentation of the spirit
duties; 'Country members were dis
satisfied, and agricultural and whisky "in
terests were discontented. ' The Chancel
lor made some concessions, but they were
not regarded as sufficient, and, the opposi
tion joined battle.. Mr. Gladstone stated
at the close of the debate that the-Gov
ernment would reeign If ; defeated. The
amendment was carried against, them,
end the Ministry went out. Lord ' Salis
bury becoming Premier. His Government
lasted till January, 18S5, . whea it was de
feated.* Mr. Gladstone forming . his last
Ministry.- . ' "
On March 29 Mr. Gladstone 1 announced
that on. April 8 he would ask leave to
bring in; a bill to amend .th^e 'provision
of the future Government of Ireland, and
that on the 15th. he would, ask leave to
bring in a measure to' make .'amended pro
vision for the sale and purchase of land
in Ireland. The same, day Mr. Chamber
lain and Mr. Trevelyan resigned, and.op
position to Mr. Gladstone's policy rapid
ly took form In his own party." The de
bate In the House on the home rule bill
ended June? in the defeat of the Govern
ment. The "grand old man" appealed to
the country, but the elections were against
him. resulting In the alignment of Par
liament as follows: Home Rule Liberals,
or Gladstonians, 194; "Irish Nationalists,
85; total. 279. Seceding Liberals, 75; Con
servatives, 316; total, 391. Gladstone and
his colleagues resigned, and Lord Salis
bury's Government became organized. Ita
following taking the' "name of Liberal
Unionists. • .. • ..
Mr. Gladstone Resigns.
With the Irish question always to the
fore, controversies with the United States
on boundary and fisheries questions kept
the Salisbury Government reasonably
busy until its dissolution, in 1892, having
been In existence since 1S86. , Great excite-;
ment prevailed in' thw ensuing, election,
the. Gladstone, or Liberal party,'' favoring
home rule, winning . by a' majority 42
in the House. As a result,-Lord'Salis
bury resigned and Mr. Gladstone, formed
the Government, but it was not' until Feb
ruary. 1893, that he Introduced and carried
through the Commons his home rule bill.
The bill was rejected in the Lords. : Fall
ing eyesight and hearing caused Mr. Glad
stone to resign in March. 1854, Lord Rose
bury, much against the opposition of La
bouchere and others who had no liking
for a Lord, succeeding him. Despite the
troubles from Irish Nationalists, 8cotch
crofters and Welch churchmen, Lord
Rosebury stuck at the helm for a year,
when, displeased at criticisms from Glad
stone, who did not like the. : inaction of
the Ministry on the Armenian atrocities,
he resigned. . ¦ : /* . '¦'
Lord Salisbury was again entrusted with
the formation of a Cabinet. .It is unneces
sary to enumerate the task of this Min
istry. Dn the whole, even allowing for the
war fever, tha' triumphant vindication of
its war policy at the polls Is an Indication
that the pedple of Great Britain think tha
work well done. i'.^'-fi-v-^
TEN Prime Ministers. WTii*
aftfrRS'4 (Liberal) and Con
servative, were called during
the Jong reigtt of Quern-Vic
toria, to form the twenty Min
istries under which the Go\*
ernrncntal affairs of the United
Kingdom were transacted. Be-
Einninir with Lord Melbourne and endinp
¦with Salisbury, the ablest statesmen of
KrsRlar.d received from the hands of the
Queen the direction of affairs, and despite
the fact that several of them were heart
ily detected for pome of their acts the af
fairs of the kingdom have gone on apace.
The Whig: Ministry of Lord Melbourne
went out in 1S39, after failure to bring to
Fucoessful conclusion a bill to suspend the
constitution of Jamaica. The Queen pent
for the Duke of Wellington and he advised
her to f»nd for Sir Robert Peel. Peel ac
cepted the task of forming- a Ministry ajid
almost Immediately came the famous dis
pute — singular coincidence in the reifjn of
a supposedly weak younu woman — known
as the "Bedchamber question." the "ques
tion de jupons." The Queen wished to re
tain her ladies In waiting. Peel insisted
there must be pome change. Two of these
lafiies were closely related to Whig states
man, whose policy was. of course, opposed
to Peel on no less Important a. question
than the government of Ireland. Peel In
sisted that he could not undertake to gov
ern under such conditions. The Queen,
acting <m advice, would not jrtve way. The
Importance of this dispute ww that Peel
•was equally obstinate, and the "Whig Min
istry had to come back, discredited at
that, as Melbourne Kay*, "behind the pet
ticoaU of the laidies in waiting."
The Chartist Agitation.
Direful predictions, fortified by this Indr
dent, seemed nure of realization In a con-,
tinued petticoat grovernment under the
youn£ Que«n. Other and more important
issues came on with the opening of Parlia
ment. "Chartism" was the subject of the
Queen's message. The doctrine was em
bodied Jn a bill calling for universal suf
frage, excluding, however, women; divi
sion of the .United Kingdom into, eqjial
electoral districts; vote by ballot: annual
Parliaments; no property qualifications
for members: and a payment to every
member for his legislative service. The
principles so quickly recommended them
selves to the working classes that, in the.
session of 1SS3 the signatures to a petition
to Parliament numbered upward of a mil
lion and a quarter. The chartlaU divided
themselves into physical force and moral
force winss, the former coming . into
physical contact with the Government on
several occasions, on one occasion ten be
ing killed and fifty wounded. Hundreds
of others were tried and convicted all over
the kingdom. As a result the Whigs were
heartily hated and In 1S42 the second Mel
bourne Ministry came a cropper on chart
ism and tariff legislation. 4*
In came Peel— end of "petticoat" govern
ment—and out, of their ovra accord, went
three ladles in waiting— the Duchess of
Bedford, the Duchess of Sutherland . and>
Lady Normandy.
The day the bill repealing the obnoxious
corn laws was read for the third time in
the House of Lords (Juna 26. 1S46) saw the
fall of the Peel Ministry on the coercion
bill for Ireland. The attack on Peel was
led by Sir Georse BerUnck and Benjamin
Disraeli, then Just making himself felt. in
the House of Commons. Peel was defeat
ed by an overwhelming majority.
Lord Sas sell's Ministry.
Lord John Russell was intrusted with
the next Ministry, which lasted till 1B52,
¦when It went down before the opposition
of Lord Palmerston on the militia, bill. In
the new Cabinet, of which Lord Derby
was chief, Dieracll became Chancellor of
the Exchequer. After a short and stormy
administration, after failure to compro
mise with Palmerston and the Peelltes
owing to the veto of the Queen, Lord
Derbys Ministry fell.
Civil service reform, abandonment of
protection!^ by the Conservatives, the
Crimean war, with all th« accompanying
public dissatisfaction at its management,
Ferv*-d to overturn, one after another, the
Ministries of Lord" Aberdeen and Palm
rrston. but not before the putting down
of the Sepoy mutiny and th« assumption
cf the government of India by the Crown.
Lord Derby cam? in again and soon fell.
to be succeeded by Palmerston, who, old
and feeble as he was, formed the strongest
Ministry of modern time*. *o far as the
individual ability of its members was con
cerned. Russell went to the Foreign Of
fice and Gladstone to the Exchequer.
The civil war in America and the conse
quent cotton famine which *hut down
English mills', gave this administration
enough to do. Its dealings with the North
and South are well known to every child
in the United States. On the death of
Lord Palmerston in 1SC5 the Premiership
was again intrusted to Lord John Russell,
with Mr. Gladstone, as leader in the House
¦rt Commons. Parliament was opened on
February 6, iS66, and on March 12 follow
ing Mr. Gladstone brought forward his
f^hera* cf reform, proposing to extend the
franchise in counties and boroughs. The
opposition, however, of the Moderate Lib
erals and their junction with the Con
servatives proved fatal to the measure,
and the Ministry of Earl Russell r«e!gned
and for the third jlrco Earl Derby came
in at the head of a Ministry, Mr. Disraeli
apain taking the Chancellorship of the
Exchequer.
The failure of this bill brought Lord
Rustell's political career to a close. He
formally handed over the leadership of the
party to Gladstone. Lord Derby, his op
ponent, soon followed his example, and the
long-standing duel between -Gladstone and
Disraeli took the center of the Parlia
mentary Ktace.
(Victory of Gladstone.
Agitation fpr reform bills for Scotland
and IrelafW. as well as England, kept the
Derby-Disraeli Ministry in power until
M?rch. 18CS, when the crisis came In a
remarkable debate that had for Its sub
ject the condition of Ireland. It was in
troduced by a series of resolutions ' pro
posed tay John Francis Maffuire, an Irish
member. It was not till the fourth night
of the debate that the Importance of the.
debate became manifest. Then it was
that Mr. Gladstone spoke. He declared
that, in his opinion, the time had come
when the Irish church, as a state insti
tution, must cease. Men only waited to
s?Ae how he would procure its fall. A few
days later he proposed . resolutions to
that effect. An amendment proposed by
Lord Stanley, declaring that the matter
ought to be reserved for the decision of
the next Parliament, proclaimed even
more purely than the resolutions the Im
pending fall of the Irish church. .
On the division there were 270 votes for
the amendment and 231 against'. A month
later Mr. Gladstone's first resolution came
up and was carried— 330 votes for to 263'
against. • .
The dissolution came on the laat day
of July, the elections in November. Not
for many years had there been such an
important election. The new constituen
cies created by the reform bilhgave their
votes f cr the first time, and they gave
them so consistently * for Mr.- Gladstone's
party that 12) of its members were re-
Tells, of His Likes and Dislikes and of the
Laborious Duties He Performs*
ALBERT EDWARD TALKS
WITH AN INTERVIEWER
England's Nineteenth Century Statesmen and
Their Services Under the Queen*
RECORD OF MINISTRIES
OF VICTORIAN PERIOD
INCIDENTS IN THE GREAT QUEEN'S CAREER
VICTORIES, LIFE FROM THE CRADLE
TO HER ACCESSION TO THE THRONE
Girlhood. Days of .the Princess -and Her First Experiences as Sov
ereign or the y, United xvingqom^ ;
OSBORNB HOUSE ON THE ISLE OF WIGHT.
THE SAST FRANCISCO jCALL. MONDAY/ JANUARY 21, 1901.
2
To Prevent the Grip
Laxatlvo Bromo-yuinlne removes th« causo. •
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo . Quinine .Tablet*. All
drucriBta refur.d; ih« money if It fall* tti cure
K. W. Grove's signature ia oa eaen box. 25c •BUENOS AYRES. Jan. 20.— The Argen
tina wheat crop, it is estimated, will yield
2.600.000 ton*.
Argentina's Wheat Crop.
BUIiIiETixrS^ TNI '. CHURCH.
.VICTORIA, Jan. 20.— Bulletins regarding
the condition of^the* Queen were read at
intervals -dufinsr', the " service ; In I all \ the
churches • here Uhis evening and ; were lis
tened 5 to ? r wlth*' every i manifestation^ of
grief.' Crowds 1 surrounded ;,the .¦ telegrapn
office tor itoe latest news' from : Cowes.
tow iiinirwiimrntiiiwum wifii 1 1 i r
TRIBUTE TO
DYING QUEEN
Is Received on the
Continent.
Sow the Hews From Osborno House
VIENNA. Jan. 21.— The announcement
cf the dangerous illness of Queen Victoria
caused a feeling of consternation in VI
enr.a. Emperor Francis Joseph, who was
profoundly moved, cent Incessant mess
ages to the British Embassy yesterday for
news.
It Is believed the great court ball, fixed
for to-day (Monday), will be countermand
ed. The Emperor, on receipt of a tele
gram from London last evening. Immedi
ately" broke up a circle which- had been
formed after the banquet at the Hofburg.
The Austrian papers publish touching
tributes to the Queen's wonderful place in
the affections of her people, and the poli
tics of the world.
"There can be no question." says the
ICetie Freie Presse, "that England is nor7
on the eve of a great turning point in her
fate. Russia la pressing her ciosely in
ABla. France is inveterately hostile,
while a fresh rival ha* sprung up In the
shape of Imperial North America. Em
peror William's visit to England, how
e\-er. trill Inspire a hope that she need
not fear the hostility ol Germany."
On the Verge of a Breakdown Be
cause of the Strain He Is
Undergoing.
LONDON. Jen. 21.— In the closing rr.o
rnents of Queen Victoria's life another
grave portent arises, namely, the serious
indisposition of the Princo of Wales. So
worried, tired and exhausted ; as he last
evening thr.t he couU' not respond Imme
diately to the summons from Osborne
House. The most he could do was to
promise that ne would leave London at
S o'clock this morning if possible..
It Is worthy of , note t'.at even to-day
the London papers do not mention, by
even the most veiled a', usior.s, the fact
that the Queen has had a paralytic stroke.
Pages are devoted to the mournful
scenes at Osborne House and to lescrlp
tlcns of occurrences here, as well as to
the telegrams from the cd!-- '-» and for
eign countries testifying' to the sympathy
everywhere evoked. According to the
Dally Telegraph, Emperor William, who
has expressed a desirs to be received at
Osborne House not as an Emperor, but as
a grandson,: aid on hearing of the Queen's
illness:
"I am my grandmother's eldest grand
son, and my mother is unable from illness
to hasten to her bedsi.c."
WALES NOT IN
GOOD HEALTH
IRISH PEOPLE
SHOW GRIEF
-¦ * . ' . - : ¦ . --- ¦ ¦ '
Newspaper. Offices Besieged by Anx-
ious Inquirers After the In
valid's Condition.
DUBLIN, -Jan. 21.— A deep. and very
painful sensation followed | the receipt of
the alarming * news ; from ' Osborne House,
the newspapers here publishing frequent
editions , and , their " offices were ! besieged
all day by- anxious > inquirers.
The shock to ¦ the Irish people
was all . the greater because . Queen Vic
toria, "on . her visit to Ireland lost .April,
gave i many ¦ instances of . surprising ; vital
ity" and she was understood to have been
greatly.beneflted ;by the tour/. The city
yesterday "wore, an .'unwonted aspect of
gloom, the streets being swept'with con
tinuous'gusts of : rain and -wind.
The ') Nationalists ; have been generous ; In
their,'. expressions , of -sympathy j and the
Nationalist' press, -an, a whole.risfespect
fullyl silent.' 1 0nly ; the, Dublin
offers an i exception by making the Queen's
illness * the text ; of » an • attack upon the
South 'African policy of the; British Gov
ernment^ : ' '
Refuses to Permit News of Her Ill
ness to Interfere With Bi
centenary Fetes.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. CopyrUht. 1S01, by the Herald: Fub
llshins Company.
LONDON. Jan. 21.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily Express says that
knowledge of the Queen's illness was kept
back by her Majesty's desire, in order
that no shadow might be cast over the bi
centenary festivities. This has deeply
touched the Germans. The papers dwell
on the , kinship .with the reigning house,
affirming that - the Kaiser's grandmother
is especially dear to Germans.' Echoes of
much the same sentiment were heard yes
terday when the 'German Emperor, In the
midst of his rejoicing over the great an
niversary in his own land, left all to go
in hot haste to the "house where :hls
grandmother lay stricken down by Ill
ness. • •
CAMBRIDGE TABBIES.
PARIS. Jan. ; 20.— The Duk6 of Cam
bridge, who arrived , here ; last evening on
his way to the Riverla, ; received a" tele
gram for htm : to. return; at once. '.He was
preparing to start,\when ; another/ dis
patch reached him this evening of a more
favorable character,' and '.he/ decided to
wait further advices before returning, to
England.. 1 When seen at the Hotel Bristol
his demeanor . intimated ; that . he thought
the outlook was more hopeful; : ~j"i?
¦ /
¦ .r. ' I ¦. -¦>¦* .
QUEEN TOUCHES
GERMAN HEART
THE following are the wars In
which England has engaged
during Victoria's reign:
War in Canada, 1837-38.
Grievances of a few agi
tators and leaders among the
French Canadians led to a rebellion under
Papincau. The British fleet menaced Que
bec and several land engagements were
fought, ending in the defeat of the revo
lutionary element.
Crimean War, ! 854-56.
In this war England joined with^Erance
In defense of Turkey, which was at war
with Russia. The cause was a conflict
of authority over the Christians- in Tur
key. England employed vast land and
naval forces. The war ended with the
siege and fall of Sebastopol.
Wars in India, 1848 and 1S78.
Generally caused by breach of faith on
the part of some native chiefs or atroc
ities practiced on English residents. , The
Punjaub campaign ending with the fall
of Cabul was one important feature.
Indian Mutiny War in 1857.
Caused by native hate of Christians,
ended with capture of Delhi after a long
siege.
War in China, 1840 and 1860.
" Caused by disputes over British trade
rights. Large British fleet destroyed forts
and peace came with capture of Nankin.
Ashantee War, 1863-64.
Caused by raid on British dominions by
forces of King of Ashantee. With the
taking of Coomarfsle by the British peace
came. :NVr^W- ¦'•>.
Abysinian War, 1867-68.
This was a bloody conflict, ending with
the fall of Magdala.
Wars in South Africa, 1845 and 1900.
War with the Kaffirs broke out In 1S4G.
Many disasters befell tho British forces
during the Zulu war in 1S76. Peace came
with the fall of Cetewayo in 1S79. Trouble
with the Boers in "the Transvaal began in
.1S£O. and culminated at the battle of Ma-
Juba Hill In February. 1881, when Sir
George Colley was killed and tho British
were 'defeated in an attempt to relieve
Pretoria. Jameson's raid into the Trans
vaal occurred in 1836. The present and
CHURCHILL ON
BRITISH POLICY
Does Not Believe Parliament Will
Be Dissolved on the Queen's ,
Death.
MINNEAPOLIS. Jan. 20.— Winston
Churchill. theEngllfch war correspondent
and lecturer, is greatly concerned over
the reports of the Queen's falling- health.
J'ln the event of the Queen's demise."
he said, "the natural 'sequence would be
the dissolving- of Parliament. Whether
this Is done' In accordance with \ a statute
or as a matter of precedent. I cannot say.
However, those in Great Britain who
know what :thl3, .'would, mean would not,
I. amtsure, -desire '.buch'! a thing. There
is absolutely "noT question that the Con-'
servatives would be . again In power If
another- general election were ordered,
but, knowing the : ; facts as I do. I .• will
say that 'in opinion v Parliament . will
not be dissolved.' Whatever comes I know
that the continued 'policy of the Govern
ment ls'assured.".'..',.
':- Mr. Churchill 'left at 7:30 o'clock thl«
evening for -Winnipeg. : If the Queen died
he will return to England at once.
TO PBEPAJtE FOB SEA.
BERLIN. Jan: 20.— The Lokal Anzelger
says ': the ' German imperial yacht Hohen
zollern. the ; cruiser r Nyraphe and '. / the
torpedo boat Slelpner.. now, at Kiel, have
received orders toj prepare^ f or / sea/; ahd
it is understood ' the orders are "connected
with the; condition' of. Queen Victoria. '._, -.
•¦";*-*.. V ,'¦.» .::-T".".,.. .¦. ', ., .•¦',¦.•.•'¦¦¦¦ ¦...-*;¦ •,.»¦•;.< .-i ¦
From 1S41 to 1861- there was desultory
fighting In; New. Zealand against* savage
tribes there, necessitating the presence of
a larger English, force. . Similar troubles
in Burmah occurred. from 1852 to 1836.
; The rising of the Mahdi and the ¦ war
in the Soudan began in , 1SS3. The Nile
expedition occurred in ¦ 1SS4-S5. '
Caused by a rebellion against the Khe
dive by Arab! Pasha. An army of 40,000
English, was landed in the country to
support the Khedive and' the war, ended
with the fall of Tei-El Kebtr.
Soudan "War and Fights With Savages
War in Egypt, 1882-85.
most; important wax hv South Africa be
gan In October. 1S39.
Rebellion in Canada the First Serious Outbreak Following the
Young Sovereign's Accession to the Throne*
WARS OF GREAT BRITAIN DURING
THE REIGN OF QUEEN VICTORIA
GRATEFUL
TO KAISER
WILLIAM
London Fress Praises
the Empsror's
Display of Sympathy
Endears Him to
Englishmen*
LONDON'. Jan. 21,-Thls morn
ire's newspapers dropped all
pretense of any possibility of
the Queen's recovery 1 and they
fadly admitted that the end
rr.!»:ht come at any moment.
Therefore the papers pro
ceed to review her Majesty's
long end illustrious reign as though *he
was no more, nnrt to dilate upon the won
derful influence she wielded in European
politic* for ko many years.
"We all knov.-." rr.ys the Pally Mall.
"that there Is danger of losing perhaps
the greatest personal f<rce of our time."
The Dally News recalls the fact that
even Bismarck. v:ho detested feminine In
terference In politic*, formed an *>Ptimate
of the Queen after a personal Interview
¦rlth her which bordered on the idola
trtus, and It adds: "This Is one of the
most rtrlUlr.g tributes ever paid to a great
character."
A bright ppr.t in the universal gloom was
the unexpectedly prompt empathy dis
played by Emperor William in giving up
Important entrn cements to come to the
deathbed of bis grandmother.
"This." eays the Daily Mail. "Is calculat
ed to ende.ir his name to every Engllsh
mnn. and t-c fe«-l at ?uch an hour what
trui* »«yrr;>p.Thy m°an«."
The Times say?: "There is but ono sen
tlmfnt to-day !n the hearts of Engllsh
preakir.s p^nple throughout the ¦world.
Their rjrea are turned in keen anxiety to
the sickbed where lles< the venerable sov
ereljm who commands not only the loy
alty but the personal affection of count
ies millions. ]t needs no great medical
fcp.ewledse to understand the meaning of
th» last bulletin. We must admit, how
*ver, that all our hopes and fears are
ntlke ba&M upon imperfect knowledge.
We can only await the result nnd bear the
painful 6utsp*nee. with such calmness and
fortitude as we are able to summon to our
a!d.
"History nfTords but few examples of
rulers who have ¦won the deep personal
affection and regard enjoyed by our be
loved Queen. Even among those not of
cur blood or sr-eech. even among those
who hav» Uttle that i«= kind to Pay of the
British people, there are unstinted praise
anrt wnrm rrgnrfl for the British Queen.
"\V#>re we rr.rre like her. were our of
fleial and individual relations with for
r<£r+ra carrie-fi on with more of her ur
*«RnJty and graeiousr.ess. who knows but
that we. too. «houM win something of
th«» kindly rejrard testified to-day In ev
txy fiirf'-Kn csrttta.1T'
Rff<*rrir.g to th» preper.ee of the Ka'ser,
the Time? «=aye: "His presence Is Ger
many V hf irape to those verr human f<»#»l-
It.jtf Rr..1 Fvmpathlcs po uniformly dis
lilayefl by the Queen. As such it will be
understood here and be nl! the more hon
ored a'.'A annreoiated because it Involves
a eer'aln lofty disregard for mere poll
tir-n Af> Furh we doubt not It will be un
der*:-^xi In all other countries, and It will
b* watr!;M with respectful sympathy."
Th- Btandcrd pays: "If the Queen were
pwar* of the. German Emperor's arrival
the cfrr^mFtance could hardly fall to
ljrir.se r^rr : f satisfaction to her mind. It f«
a C0»*alatJon in thfs hour of national dis
tress t« listen to the universal chorus of
r"Fr"ct ful rjsteem which her Majesty's
illr.**?* ha? evoked abroad. In the United
S:at*« th* progress of the patient has
been wntrVed as RnxlouM^ rh J n London,
end the bitterest critics of England have
cr.Iy wcrcs of respect for England's
QVffTl."
The Morning Post says: "Out of the
most reverent and pronounced respect for
oar Fnv^reign we must stand silent for
the Formw which holds us. The love and
admiration of her pubjects are. unhappi
ly, of T!o avail. Nothing these, dark days
Tll " l n sorrow i«= heavy on us, will have
so 5-xePt an effect on the minds of the
Queen's subjects throughout the world as
tho arrival of Emperor William."
Th* Daily Telegraph 5ays: "A precious
sr.l beloved existence hovers r.t last up
<rn the fcrink of the great mystery. A
lif<* nf Urea is drooping toward the val
ley of the Fhadow. and the empire awaits
in its Ei!one« and sorrow.
"But beyond the empire are the unex
r ipled sympathy, concern and wonder
cf the homage of mankind. Emperor
William, above all, has expressed th's
wonderful feellns. not in words, but In
«.ct. with a fervor of natural affection
which England will never forget. It in
one of the raddest circumstances of the
hour that Empress Frederick is not able
to be present. Therefore Emperor Wil
liam's presence is doubly dutiful, and at
Opborne it will be doubly dear."
' Proceeding to refer in detail to the i=yrn-
j-cthy displayed in all parts of the globe.
it pays:
"For the American people the charac
ter and domestic example of the Queen
have boon a consecration of the Anglo-
Baxcn ideal. They have been regarded
as hardly loss the possession of the
United States than of ourselves, and they
have gone far to restore the moral unity
of the race and to heal the worst effects
cf its political ppparntior.."
LINKED WITH THE ADVANCEMENT BRITAIN
THE SAX FBAyCISCO CALL t MOKDAY, JANUARY 21, 1901.
Message for the Royal
Family.
Telegraphs to Cardinal Vaughan a
ROME. Jan. 21.— The Pope yesterday
telegraphed Cardinal Vaushan In London
to express to the British royal family tha
feeling of sorrow which all Christendom
shared with England, adding:
"The liberal reign of the vjueen, which
has permitted the Catholic church still to
Increase In the United Kingdom will
leave an Indelible trace upon all Christian
hearts."
POPE EXPRESSES
DEEP SORROW
TiK news of the serious Illness
of the Queen of- Great Britain
has been received with the
deepest concern by the many
British residents in this city,
and' their" solicitude is in
creased by the distance which
separates them from the '
mother country. Residents of many year?
in this citv. they have not forgotten the
country of their birth, and though their
Inerests and homes are on the Pacific
Slope, ¦ their ; hearts are centered on the
small island on the south coast of Eng
land, where .the sovereign ruler of. the
British Empire lies awaiting the call of
the King of Kings.
The long . reign of Queen Victoria, her
many virtues and the great achievements
in science and art. fostered by the aged
monarch, have endeared her to her sub
jects and to those who have adopted other
countries as "their" homes, and wherever
an Englishman "was to be found In this
city yesterday, there was one paramount
hope in his mind— that the ruler of Great
Britain might be spared by providence for
many years to come.
A number of prominent citizens of Eng
lish birth yesterday spoke with deep fsel
ing of the aged Queen.
James McNab said: "The reign of the
Queen ahd the noble traits she possesses
have exerted - a pronounced Influence
throughout the Trhole world. She has been
a prominent, factor In doing good and
all Englishmen know that she has done
thousands of kindly acts which have nevtr
been made public. If providence decides
to call her to her rest, millions will be
stricken with grief— not only her subjects
but the people of all nations.1 Her per
sonal character has been a most remark
able one and she has always been in every
sense a good and noble woman. As a
monarch she has ever displayed a
strength of power. Even her Ministers at
tWbes have been obliged to yield to the
CJueen <pn matters of vital import.
Thrpughout the whole world, under mon
archy *or" " republic, there has been for
many years the deepest reverence for the
Queen on account of her age and her
splendid reign.
"The demise of the Queen will not. In
my mind, affect the policy of England's
Government. I have often heard It said
that with the death of Victoria. England
would become a republic. I was In Eng
land recently and was struck by the enor
mous popularity of the Prince of Wales.
There is no more popular man in Eng
land, and while the subjects of the Queen
will deeply deplore her death, yet the'ac
cession of the Prince of . Wales to the
throne will soothe tile universal grief. I
have never seen a' picture of the Prince
which conveys a true Idea of his charac
ter. His photographs convey the Idea that
he is a dull man. ' He is just the con
trary. He is full of life, and as I watched
him a few months ago on the Ascot race
course he seemed to have a word for
every one who surrounded him. The Prin
cess of "Wales is beloved by the English
people and her actions have served In
many ways to counteract the feeling
which was exnressed at one time over
the mode of- life of the Prince. The Eng
lish people know that he will make a
good sovereign, for he is liberal in thought
and is a patron of the arts and sciences.
Although death comes to all, I can but
hope that providence will spare the Queen
to her subjects, for to quote the Bard of
Avon, the world will never see her like
again."
"The subjects and former subjects of
Queen Victoria." said Andrew WUkle last
night, "have always revered her as a
woman, for she was of a kindly disposi
tion. There Is no question but that th»
Boer trouble has been mainly instrument
al in her breaking down at this time. It
is particularly ead that she should pass
away with England at war with another
nation. The British people In common
¦with others have always wondered at th»
gTeat vitality and strength shown by her.
"Many another woman would hav»
years ago given way under the great
mental stretch and strain sh« has
borne. Perhaps It would have been
tetter If she had abdicated tha
throne In favor of th« Princs
of Wales some years asto. but who can
tell? She has rounded out a life of use
fulness and the tears of many million
people will best express their love and
reverence for her."
The Rev. Dr. John Hemphlll said:
"Queen Victoria was the grandest wom
an that ever sat en the throne of Eng
land and her passing away will end th»
career of one of the finest characters In
English history- She has done more than
any other woman or man for the moral
and spiritual uplifting of England. This
fact will become more apparent even af
ter she has ceased to exist, for It Is only
then we will arrive at a full realization
of her true worth.
"Queen Victoria has started a good In
fluence In England that will live Ions
after she has gone. She la beloved and
honored, not only In the land over which
she has reigned with such honor for so>
many years, but other lands wh.ere her
true womanly nature has come to be best
understood, hold her In the highest re
gard and sincerest veneration.
"My hope and prayer !s that her suc
cessor, forgetting the follies and frivoli
ties of earlier life, may rise to the situa
tion and waJk in the footsteps of his Illus
trious and magnificent mother. He could,
wish for no better example, for with her
as a pattern, the glorious record of Eng
lish royalty as exemplified by Victoria
will be perpetuated and ever be worthy
of the commendation of all people."
Though Separated by Distance Their Hearts
Sympathize With the Mother Country.
BRITISH-AMERICANS
FEEL DEEP CONCERN
QUEEN VICTORIA AND THREE DIRECT DESCENDANTS IN THE MALE LINE. %
THE ABOVE ILLUSTRATION SHOWS THE BRITISH SOVEREIGN. THE PRINCE OF WALES, THE DUKE OF YORK AND THE LATTER'S SON. PRINCE EDWARD.
3
•'.'• ; ,^|i^'-.' r$.ore of
tliose $ 1O
jpEp|L order
¦JnHHL, 9 * 11 *
Si wJdWm0^ ment Of doth that we
'^ilLs^ffi' iftMfy wi!1 make int0 suits
I 'nhw for $io.oo.
Ill till J/i\§ "
. fflfim] | | mlivRJ Our former made-to-
Wii I' ftS»' IllliOl order $iooo . suits were
111 Jn^Wilnl alwaysextreme values and
['/' i vi$nHat were very popular, but we
'li!^ a consider these the best for
*.| I it j pjiijj/,| the money that we have
KM Jt'l^'Iii^ Sf ever had, both in the cloth
¦ HUf'wil^ it?elf and m lhe S ene ral
" : fi'fii''H-fJP! rnake.
'! If \niW They comprise all-wool
i I'll I Jill black cheviots, and fancy
Jj || 'ijflf/ tweeds in checks and
I I if! m p stripes cf dark and light
' I if! If' it — shades, so about every
llj III j| I tas'e is represented.
||| III Every suit bears a "Year-
jl ||| jfj |\ good" label — you know
M pi > what this means and so
\Ml WWSA oes everv customer w ho
\W has reaped benefit from it.
• i^^ ;*£«*' Come in and look over
'¦•'" - : '' '-w^Sr our line and get some of
r^^ . . our samples.
Gui-of-town orders t fitted — write us.
Iy 718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.Mrs. Sarah Elphick.
PENNGROVE. Jan. 20.— Mrs. Sarah El
phick, one.of the best known pioneer
women of Vallejo Township; passed away
at her home here yesterday morning after
an illness of a few hours. Deceased was a
native of Pennsylvania,- aged 79 year^,
and has resided in California for upward
of thirty years. A husband and a num
ber of grown children survive her.
Son. John X«eisenring.
PHILADELPHIA, Jar. 20.— Hon. John
Leisenring, the well-known mine owner
of Luze'rne County and member of Con
gress from the- Luzerne district Tn the
fifty-fourth Congress, died at the Univer
sity Hospital In this city last night. He
had been a sufferer for a lone time from
heart and kidney troubles. , ,
Dr. Robert Graham.
i LEXINGTON, Ky.; Jan/ 20.— Dr. Robert
Graham, aged 79 years, who was for many
years president of the Kentucky Univer
sity and also president of the College of
the Bible and Hocker Female College, died
to-day at Pittsburg, where he was visit
ing.' . '¦¦'¦ I-;----.-.-:..-.- .- ' - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ i : ,'.- '¦ ¦ '
Receives a Tidy Legacy.
PENNGROVE, Jan. 20.— Adam Baitln
ger, an old German laborer, who has been
employed for a number of years on tha
ranch of Fount Cook, five miles north cf
Penngrove. on the Santa Rosa road, ha*
just received notice that he has been left
a tidy sum of money by the death of his
father, a prominent resident of Wurtem
burg. Germany. The legacy will amount
to several thousand dollars. It la ovor
forty years since Baltinger departed from
the land of his birth.
Manager Nevin TJL
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— TV. G. Nevtn,
general manager of the Santa Fe system,
has been granted a six months" leave of
absence on account of ill health and will
go abroad shortly to recuperate. His office
during his absence will be filled by A. G.
Wells, general superintendent, and J. E.
Hurley, superintendent of the New Mexico
division, will temporarily assume tho du
ties of general superintendent.
Catherine Miller Ashore.
SAN RAFAEL., Jan. 20.— Last night tha
schooner Catherine Miller went ashore at
the mouth of San Rafael Creek. She car
ried a cargo of coal consigned to Cheda &
Co. It Is believed that the boat will be
saved with but little damage.
Princess' Son Prevents the Invalid
Sinking Into a Fatal
Slumber.
COWES, Isle, of Wight. Jan. 21. 12:50
a. m.— The Queen's extreme weakness
has caused almost more, alarm than the
paralysis. '" Much ; difficulty has been ex
perienced In administering nourishment.
To this weakness were probably due the
long spells of unconsciousness through
which she has passed, although it Is al
most impossible to distinguish these from
'ti.e insidious encroachments of paralysis.
For more than a week the court at
tendants have had hard work to prevent
her sleeping at the wrong time. The last
time she drove out the villagers were
astounded to hear the clear treble of the
son of the . Princess of Battenberg ' sing
ing ¦ popular songs from the royal car
riage. The explanation is that he was
singing to keep his grandmother awake.
Now and again she dozeu, awakening to
teii the boy to keep up his chant, which,
to the onlookers, contained a world r>t
pathos.
emperor William, the Prince of Wales
and Duke of VorK are all expected to ar
rive at Osborne House to-uay * (Monday).
The only , royal -personage who arrived
yesterdav was Prince Victoria of Schless
iiolstein, wno arrived, during, the after
noon.
Yesterday at Osborne, hedged arounJ
with Intense secrecv. began with a touch
! Inf scene.. Among the bright sunshine, ?n
marked contrast to the 'gloomy skies uf
Saturday, there drove out* from the pal
ace ¦ grounds a carriage ;. containing
wreaths tor the tomb of Prince Henry oi
Battenburp in the little church at Whip
pingham about ten minutes' ride : from
the royal residence. _". Then followed car
riages containing - the Princess . of Walts,
the Princess or Battenburg, Princess
Louise and others, all dressed in the deep
est black. The face of the Prlncessof
.Wales showed signs' of 'the anxiety she
was undergoing.. ' ' . . . :. :'.".- -
: The. annual memorial service for. Prince
Henry,' always a sad. occasion, was more
than usually sorrowful, for the shadow
of a still greater bereavement -was up
permost in all minds. The Princess of
Wales I and j the .Princess . of Battenburg
sobbed bitterly, rand i there was' scarcely
one of; those royal heads:bent in prayer
that -did -not; shake "with a- grief which
could not: be suppressed. -
a The ' departure of the Prince . of Wales
for London shortly after. 2 o'clock .to" meet
Emperor -William, was quietly accomplish
ed.--.. The Queen had been : Informed of the
Kaiser's ¦ coming and had ¦- signified " her
able sum for Its news service could pos
sibly publish an article . so brutally
cruel at a moment when the whole coun
try is so full of sorrow.
In reference to the report that the
Prince of Wales did not see the Queen
when he went down to Osborne yesterday,
all sorts of reasons are suggested. One
which had currency was that the Queen
was entirely out of her mind. Another
and more probable explanation Is that
every attempt Is being made to conceal
the seriousness of her condition from her
and that none of the royal family except
her constant attendant. Princess Beatrice,
have up to the present, been allowed in
the sick chamber. People are asking why
it was the Princess of Wales was driven
at a hard gallop from the East- Cowes
Landing stage up to Osborne.
All London listens for the tolling of the
great bell, known as "Big Tom,"
whiqh hangs in St. Paul's Cathedral and
which will ring its toll, telling of the
death of the Queen and Empress.
SINGS TO SAVE
VICTORIA'S LIFE
Quiet at* Salem.
SALEM. Or., Jan. 20.— Although nearly
all the members of the Legislature re
turned to Salem to-night all has been
quiet around the hotel corridors. The con
test over a Republican Senatorial cau
cus will take place to-morrow. Those
who favor a caucus still claim to be con
fident of securing forty-six signatures to
the caucus call, while the opponents* of
the caucus to all appearances have no
fears. The Legislature will convene at 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The first
ballot for United States Senator will be
taken In separate sessions Tuesday at
noon.
Killed by a FalL
MERCED, Jan. 20.— John Mailer, a
pioneer resident of this community, was
found dead this morning a few miles from
his home, -which 13 four miles south of
Hornitos In Mariposa County. Mr. Mul
ler came to Merced on a business trip a
few days ago and started home Friday
evening. Saturday morning his team was
found near his home and a search was
made for the owner, which was continued
until this morning, when his body was
found a half mile off the main road and
about seven miles from the Muller home.
An Inquest was held this afternoon and
it was found that Muller had. met acci
dental death by being 1 tipped out ot his
rig, which ran Into a steep gully. His
skull was crushed and neck broken- It
is thought he was asleep and that tho
horses wandered off the main road. Tha
finding of $60 on his person removes all
suspicion of foul play.
one and turn the extra Assemblyman over
to San Bernardino. Justifying it not only
by present population but by the proba
bilities for the immediate future as well,
as he points out that San Bernardino
County is growing in population much
faster than Humboldt.
Carter groups Yolo and Butter together,
and Yuba and Butte. Cutter puts Yuba
and Sutter together, although their com
bined population is only 13.000, and leaves
Butte an Assemblyman by Itself.
Alpine, Mono and Inyo axe grouped by
Carter on account of convenience of travel
and common interests. Cutter takes Inyo
and places it with Tulare, Ignoring, Car
ter claims, lack of community Interests
and the long distance between Independ
ence and Vlsalla. the county, seats.
Cutter puts Mono In with Tuolumne,
Martpoea and Madera. Carter points out
that to go from Mono to Tuolumne one
must cross the summit of the Slerra3 and
traverse nearly. eighty mil«s of mountain
road. r^: _~ :
Carter leaves Tuolumne and Marlposa In
one district, as at present. He will prob
ably put Amador In with Calaveras. Cut
ter puts Alpine also In with these two.
and Carter objects to this grouping on
account' of the remoteness of Alpine.
Carter will also- take up the Senatorial
districts next, and then the Congressional
districts. As to the latter, whatever else
is done, Los Angeles will be constituted a
separate district, which is also Intended
by the author of the Cutter bill.
desire that the Prince should go to meet
him. Rather against his will, the man
who for the moment was practically the
King of England obeyed his mother's
wishes. It was rumored that the Queen
wanted the Emperor to postpone his vHlt
to Osborne House, as she did not wish
to receive him In her present condition.
Apparently in her lucid moments she be
lieved that she would be able to conquer
the dread disease which had fastened It
self upon her.
During the afternoon the long hilly
road to the palace grounds was crowded
with people, particularly young men and
women arrayed in their Sunday garb, dot
ting the landscape with vivid patches of
color. The local gentry after church ser
vices wrote their names in the visitors'
book at the lodge, which contains no sig
nature that would mean anything to the
world outside of the Isle of Wight.
Inquiries of importance all came by tel
esxam. and these were legion. Hundreds
of people of all sorts and conditions, cler
gymen predominating, flooded Cowes with
telegrams asking for the latest news. A
swarm of people, among them correspond
ents from all quarters of the globe, con
verged toward the lodge gates. Their in
quiries generally took the form of a timid
"How is she?" addressed to the police
man, who barred all comers, and an in
quirer who had been answered would be
immediately surrounded by others, less
bold, who sought the news.
When night fell the country became de
serted except for the newspaper writers,
who waited wearily in the lodge.
PRAY FOR
THE QUEEN
_
Loyal Subjects in the City of Denver
Hold Impressive Service for
DENVER, Jan. 20.— Many subjects of
Great Britain and naturalized Englishmen
in Denver joined to-day In the special
prayers for the recovery of Queen Victo
ria. In'St. Barnabas, the leading chapel
of the Church of England in Denver, the
rector. Rev. Charles Marshall, prefaced
the morning and evening services with a
brief review of the reign of Victoria.
Then followed the prayers for the Queen
as laid down in the ritual of the church.
The large congregation repeated each
word reverently after the rector. makln<*
a most impressive service. This is the
first time in Mr. Marshall's pastorate that
the ceremony has been observed. <
SEES BRITAIN'S
POWER TOPPLE
Chancellor of Nebraska University
, Predicts the Disintegration of
the Empire. /
LINCOLN. Neb.. Jan. 20.— Dr. E. B. An
drews, chancellor of the University of
Nebraska, preached to-night at the First
Baptist Church on the. life of Queen Vic
toria. "She hath done what she could,"
was the chosen text of Dr.- Andrews. The
chancellor, predicted that after her death
the empire would gradually disintegrate.
Australia would first seek independence*,
and then . South Africa and perhaps Pan
ada would follow. This, he thought would
come to pass because there was "no like
lihood of such another ruler as th»
Queen." : _¦- -. . a
HIGHEST OF
FREE MASONS
Prince of Wales Is Grand Master of
the Grand Lodges of the
United ¦ Kingdom.
Albert. Edward. Prlnc* of Wales, is th»
most prominent living Free Mason not
only by reason of ths fact that be may
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— Although the
cartoon bill has been dead since
the day after its passage, a bill
will be introduced in the Senate
by Davis to-morrow giving it the official
ax. No one ever minded it, its provisions
have never been sought by any one whose
features or feelings were hurt by the
artist's pencil and it has not had even the
poor pleasure of goiner before the Supreme
Court and being knocked out in a free le-
gal fight.
Davis' measure is in the form of a bill
to repeal section 1 of an act entitlea
"An act to add a new section to the Penal
Code, to be known as section 25V relating
to the publication of portraits and carica
tures," approved February 23, 1899.
The cartoon act was a measure rushed
through the last session of the Legislature
trouble from both sides. Dunlap's idea
lumps the Sacramento Valley with Pla
cer, El Dorado, Sierra. Calaveras, Ama
dor and half a dozen other mining coun
ties that will not stand for it any mora
than the valley counties will stand for the
miners. And In making a fourth and fifth
district Dunlap would take the northern
half of San Francisco and put it In with
Marin and with the southern half he
would link San Mateo. The constitution
says that when more than one Congres
sional District is contained within, the
boundaries of a countv the district shall
first bfe carved out and then the remain
der of the county shall be linked with con
tiguous territory. One district may be
made in the southern part of San Francis
co and the remainder to the north joined
to Marin, or vice versa, and the remain
der to the south joined to San Matco or
even a district mav be made to the west
and the eastern portion may be Joined to
Alameda. a proposal that has raised
trouble from Alameda more than once,
but no would-be apportloner can split the
city in the middle and divide the halves
with the countrv.
The Franchise Bill.
In the franchise bill there is a lull, pos
sibly before a storm, but it looks now as
if the south may achieve by amendment
what it was at first thought it would have
to iicht for.
Could the term fight be applied to th<»
university legislative campaign it wouH
be apt, for there is every prospect that
the State's "educational crown" will have
to get down with the rest and scran for
the bones. It seems Ihe intention of the
Governor to go as far as possible toward,
getting the university into politics.
A little last session, ft little mora
this. Just an inch more .if he should get
In again and another after that, and th*
institution will be on a par with State
hospitals, insane asylums and peniten
tiaries. It is the Governor's idea that
the university should come to every ses
sion with palm extended asking for
enough to live on for the two ye"ars com
ing, and unless past and present method?
change there will be no lark of strings
upon what will be given. The Governor
has offered the money for the Governor s
mansion and he has offered other an-f
equally glittering gifts, but what the uni
versity wants is not alms but income;
something by right and not by favorj
something to count on and not hope for.
The Alameda delegation, it is suspected,
at the Insulration of the Governor, has
caucused and discussed and conferred and
meditated, but so far there has been no
result except to provoke the inquiry as
to why Alameda is consulted to the ex
clusion of the remainder of the. State. 'It
Is not an Alameda institution, despite Al
ameda*s Justifiable pride of possession,
and others more distant but- not less in
terested are beginning to wonder when
they will be allowed to say a word. The
measures proposed bv the Reerents». the
alumni and the organized friends of the
university have been passed by and the
needs of the institution are being pro
vided for in the same old way.
MORE THAN A MILLION
IN APPROPRIATIONS
Liong List of Bills Presented to As
sembly and Mora Are in
_ . '-.'••'' 4 Preparation.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Appropriation bills to
date provide for expenditures amounting
to $1,775,000. and there still remain numer
ous Items for the support of State-institu
tions that must be introduced, and mem
bers have In course of preparation many
additional bills for appropriations not
falling within the ordinary reckoning of
State expenditures. On top of all this will
probably come a lump sum of $200,000 for
the University of California, to be expend
ed In the two succeeding fiscal -years. -;
Proposed State highways and a pro
posed State highway system figure large
ly in the appropriation bills, footing up a
total of $506,0(in. It is already proposed to
appropriate J235.000 for the State. normal
schools. State Insane hospital appropria
tions aggregate $250,000. The system of
Impounding and restraining dams for min
ing debris calls for $150,000. and water and
forestry Investigation $130,000 - more. -A
little item of $100,000 is a proposed expen
diture on the > Agricultural Park, to ac
quire title to it from the State Agricultur
al Society.
The normal school expenditures are dis
tributed as follows: San Francisco State
Normal School; $100,000 for a new building,
$50,000 for maintenance; San Diego State
Normal School, $50,000 for ¦ addition to
building; Chico State Normal School, for
new building, $25,000: Los Angeles State
Normal School, $10,000 ¦ for improvements.
An expenditure of $100,000 for the estab
lishment of a State system of highways. is
proposed In a bill introduced by. Johnson
Proposed expenditures for individual State
highways are as follows: Highway, con
necting the ' county • highway * systems « of
Santa Barbara and : Kern • counties, $S5,-
on the wave of feeling arising from the
Burns Senatorial campaign. No one ever
thought it was a good measure, and when
it was finally rushed through those who
spoke in its favor and voted for; it were
willing to declare it would always be a
dead letter. Tts passage was the signal
for much oratory, good and bad, : and a
great deal of congratulation among those
who hoped under its protecting wing^to
escape much of the castigating they
would deserve in the future, as they ihad
deserved In the past. It was hurried to
the Governor, and he set aside a half-hun
dred good bills tha* had been passed by
the House to sign the measure, and amid
great satisfaction it became a law.
Since then it has lain inactive, like a
toad in a cellar, and in being brought out
to be done away with it Is serving its best
purpose. The signature law. which is
one of the same stripe, will probably be
put on the same toboggan.
000; Salinas to San Miguel, $50,000; Merced
??lv l^^ un r da , ry^ f Yosemite National
Park, $o0.000: Lake Tahoe road, from near
Myers Station to Tahoe City, $36,000: Fol
sZ.r&r^ o'SSEES ggSS
& Ul ?20 R cK er ' mW}: L0S Ban ° StO H01 -
A. proposed expenditure of $75,000 for a
hospital' for insane convicts- is embodied
in Assembly Bill No. 153. introduced by
Johnson. John has introduced a bill ap
propriating $50,000 for a polytechnic school
at San Luis Obispo. The sum of $67,000
's to be appropriated for the salaries of
the Supreme Court Commissioners for
two consecutive fiscal years. Improved
machinery for the State Printing Office at
a cost of $60,000 Is proposed.
A new building for the Veterans' Home
at lountville ia proposed, to cost $50,000,
and other expenditures" for that institu
tion will aggregate $l$,000. in addition to
the $45,000 regularly allowed by the State
for maintenance of veterans there.
A nroposed new dairy school, in Kings
County, is to cost $20,000, and dairy Inspec
tion is proposed, to cost $16,000 in two
3'ears. . . . -
WTLIi OPPOSE TAX ON
TRAVELING SALESMEN
President Bavis of the Coast Com-
mercial Travelers' Association,
Arrives in Sacramento.
CALL HEAQUARTERS. SACRAMEN
TO. Jan. 20.— Robert H. Davis of Oak
land, president of the Pacific Coast Com
mercial Travelers' Association, arrived
this evening. He will have the final draft
of a bill made and introduced, the pur-,
pose of which is to prevent Boards of
Supervisors or Town Trustees from im
posing a tax upon commercial travelers.
The measure will be carefully drawn, in
order not to exempt solicitors and ped
dlers from license ordinances, the ex
emption applying only to those who deal
exclusively with retailers.'
Hull McClaughry cam? up from San
Francisco to-night to represent W. D.
Wasson in his contest for the seat held
by L. A. Henry of the Forty-second As
sembly district. •
John Morton of J*os Angeles is here to
look after the interests of the Southern
Callfocnia-State Hospital at Patton. San
Bernardino. County, for which appropria
tion bills aggregating $192,500 have been
introduced.
Senator Wolfe came back from San
Francisco to-night with a bill which he
will introduce appropriating $1000 for a
State trophy to be offered at the National
Scheutzenbund festival. . which is I to be
held aL San Francisco in May. \
Continued From First Page.
CALM SETTLES UPON LONDON
jm~ ALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
£. \* MENTO, Jan. 20.— Caxter of Los
ft . Angeles, chairman of the Assem-
bly Committee on Apportionment
. and Census, is working on an ap
portionment bill which will present radi
cal departures from the lines laid down
by the Cutter bill. He has practically
completed the division of the State into
Assembly districts, but as yet he has not
touched upon Senatorial and Congres
sional districts. " .
Carter, has attempted in his- bill to group
the counties with small population into
Assembly districts according to their com
munity of interests." Mining counties are
grouped and agricultural counties put in
other districts as much as possible. He
has attempted to give as equable repre
sentation according to population as pos
sible, and to some extent has taken -into
consideration the probabilities . as to
growth in population of ;various sections
within the next four years. .
• Cutter's bill gives San Bernardino Coun
ty but one Assemblyman. while/Carter
will give it two. vThe county's population
is 27,927. The population per Assembly
man for the whole State is 18,563.- Carter
points out that Cutter gives Humboldt
County, with 27.104 population, nearly 1000
less than San Bernardino, two Assembly
men. Carter would reduce Humboldt to
Groups Small Counties With Regard to
Community Interests.
GARTER PREPARES NEW
APPORTIONMENT BILL
USELESS ANTI-CARTOON
BILL MAY BE REPEALED
Proposition to Wipe Out Law Restricting
Fresdom^of the Press.
7m"RT.T'T> DOW2T THE
SIDE OF A HTLL
Thomas Roy Meets With an Accident
and Barely Escapes With His
Life.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 2a— An old resident
of this county, Thomas Roy, met with a
bad accident on White's Hill this after
noon and barely escaped with his life.
While crossing the hill his horse became
frightened and plunged over the embank
ment. Horse, driver and vehicle rolled
down the gulch. Mr. Roy was thrown
out and terribly cut and bruised. Tho
horse struggled to his feet and scrambled
back to the road, drawing with, him th»
shafts and front wheels. After reaching
the road the animal commenced a furious
pace down the grade. Several teams had
narrow escapes from collision with the
runaway. The Injured man was removed
to his brother's home and medical aid
summoned.
Sl*«*.i*J Dispatch to Th* Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— While the thir
ty-fourth session made a good
ftart and a quick one. it seems to
. have lost its first energy and
elaxkened its pace. Two weeks have gone
by and Ftill no bill of importance has
parsed either house, no committee has got
down to Its work and some have not even
organized. The only activity is shown In
the introduction of bills, and from the
character of most of them it is apparent
that but few will ever reach the Governor.
No orator has so far developed among
the new men. and the silver-tongued of
the old members have had no opportunity
for flights of fancy. The session has hard
ly been serious so far. and. lacking the
recesFity for close attention to work, the
thoughts of the legislators have been
¦v/andering. One genius in the Assembly
has figured that it costs the State $70
every time Clio Lloyd, chief clerk of the
Assembly, calls the roll of that body.
Lloyd is new to the desk, but he is learn
ing, and he will be able to reduce the
amount by nearly J50 before the first
month has passed.
The attention of the Assembly has also
wandered to the "consideration of sten
ographers, directed thither by an incident
attending the death of Collins of Butte
last week. When on the morning after
Collins died the roll was called Johnson
arose at the mention of the deceased
member's name and In a short address in
formed the members of the break in their
ranks ar.d spoke a few touching words of
the life and deeds of the dead. The news
paper representatives took notes of what
Johnson said, some in longhand and some
In shorthand, but when Chief Clerk Llovd
announced after the roll call that tho
ppeech had been taken down by one of the
official stenographers of the Assembly all
gladly accepted the offer of a verbatim
copy.
How the Stenographer Worked.
The copy was not forthcoming at 10:30,
nor at 11. nor yet at U o'clock, but when
th» noon recess had been declared the
official stenographer of the Assembly was
seen busily writing at the dictation of one
of the Can Francsico newspaper men.
The newspaper man was slowly dictating
Johnson's speech from the notes he had
taken, and the stenographer was taking
his words down in longhand.
After the recess, there were passed
around to the newspaper men typewritten
copies of Johnson's words, with the com
pliments of the official stenographer. Thev
were accepted with profuse gratitude, but
the story got out, and now the shorthand
people of the lower house are being ex
amined.
The ceremonies of the Electoral College,
fceld last Monday, were the subject of
much favorable comment, spiced with a
single protest— one against the propriety
of Frank McGowan's address. He had
been warned not to make it political, and
In his opening f entence he announced that
he had been asked not -to Include politics,
end having said it he launched into a
eulogy of the Republican party that would
have made pood campaign stuff In the end
of October.- but was just poor, taste last
Monday. The keynote of the exercises
was the will of the majority as expressed
la s=t Nm ember becoming the will of all in
March, and in everything done and said
party was lost sight of and the choice of
McKinley was looked upen as the choice
of Republicans and Democrats alike. In
Shortridsre's address, which was a tact
ful, graceful effort, party names were
mentioned not once, and all he said con
veyed the idoa that whatever the strug
gles of the campaign when the result was
announced it was announced as the choice
of the whole people. His address showed
in marked contrast to that of McGowan
which closely followed it. And after the
exercises as pleased a man as could be
found in Sacramento was Shortridge. for
he was received with the demonstration
of the day.
In marked contrast to the enthusiastic
audience that filled the Assembly cham
ber on Monday afternoon was that which
gathered there Frid.iy afternoon to honor
the nu-mory of a departed member. It
was a beautiful service that speeded Col
lms of Butte to his last rest and one not
often seen. He is but the second that has
met the reaper while sitting in a house
cf the Legislature.
Legislators Want Protection.
Following the death of Collins has come
a demand that something be done to pro
tect the health cf men who leave a genial
Climate or at least one they are accus
tomed to. and come to Sacramento during
two of the worst months of the year, and
th.s demand has taken form In the con
stitutional amendments mentioned in yes
terday's dispatches to The Call and to be
introduced to-morrow. There is not a
legislator who has not a cold in the head
or in the feet or or the chest or lungs.
Mia these lesser ailments are complicated
by symptoms of Kryi and chills and -a
variety of other thing-s numerous enough
to warrant an oppuient air among the
medical men. Several members of both
houses, among them Senator Muenter.
who hap been in beil over a week with
rnfumonia, have b*»»«ii given leaves of ab
sence, and the sudden death of Collins?,
who caine hero a healthy man at the open-
Ing cf the session, has emphasized the
need of some improvement in the time of
meeting.
The nghts Jn the legislature bo far
sepm to be centered around the franchise
bill, the apportionment, and perhaps the
contest for Gardner's; seat in the Senate
by Ben P. Tabor of Placer, although this
last is very much like a contest in name
only. Lardner won by one vote. He is
a Republican. Tabor, the Democrat, is
contesting before the Senate Committee
on Elections, which has for members
Devlin (chairman). Taylor, Burnett. Smith
of Los Angeles. Selvage. Corlett. Davis.
Nutt and Ashe. Of these nine but the
lonely Ashe Is a Democrat. Truly Tabor
resembles the snowball eo often referred
to as being in the custody of his Satanic
majesty, if the vote were not so clo?e
there might be some chance, for the com
mittee is composed of men as fair as the
Senate can furnish, but that does not
make it a fair committee, and when it
may ccme to a matter of judgment It
would look better if It came from more
than one source.
Appointment Schemes.
As to apportionment, a new element
will enter the field, probably to-morrow,
when Carter of Los Angeiee. chairman of
the House Committee on Apportionment
takes a hand. Carter has a bill of his
own which he will submit, and then he
End his Assemblymen can fight Cutter and
his Senators, while a bevy of the dele
gations gathers around, each one stirring
up the mud in Its own puddle and de
manding much more than It will get or
even hopes to reach. Alameda wants an
other Assemblyman and she doesn't care
where she gets him.- San Francisco
threatens the direst vengeance If any. one
should rob her of a Senator, although
no one has seriously threatened that ru
£?»• . R fi cUff^ of 6i *nta Cruz and Senator
I lint of San Benito declare their counties
will never come together to form but ona
Assembly district that Alameda may
profit by the move. Senator Luehslnger
is sure his beloved SoJano is big enough
for a Senatorial district all by herself
And there are others whose wails are not
yet distinguishable in the general clamor
As to Congressional districts, about th?
only new thing ia Dunlap's proposed bill
one that will never be presented; «,t>least
in the form announced, for it violates the
constitution In one place and runs against
°lf« . acc f P ted , thory of apportionment
which will rule this session. It is tadtiy
igreed that the mining counties of tlt-a
north and the.vallev counties of Sacra
mento valley shall not be- put • together
ind if the Attempt be made there will be
Makes 1 a Good Start
but Slackens Its
Pace.
Legislature Not Yet
Down to Hard
Work.
IN NEED
OF MORE
ENERGY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia will com* up from Berkeley to-mor
row, arriving at 12:55 o'clock. He has ex
pressed a desire to meet the members of
each branch of the Legislature and to
talk with them upon the needs of the uni
versity and the character of the meas
ures best fitted to provide necessary reve
nue. If consent be given he will address
both the Senate and the Assembly during:
the course of the afternoon and will give
any information he possesses on the sub
ject In hand In answer to inquiries by the
members.
The conference with the Alameda Coun
ty delegation to-morrow night at which.
Senator Rowell and Assemblyman Alder*
Anderson having the university bills in,
charge were to be present, may possibly
be abandoned. Whether or not it will be
held will depend somewhat upon the de
velopments of to-morrow afternoon's ses
sion. Governor Gage's absence practi
cally blocks any effort* toward effecting
a compromise in the matter ot university
legislation.
Intends Addressing
Senate and As
sembly.
President Wheeler to
Visit the State
Capital.
WILL WORK
IN AID OF
UNIVERSITY
Sperlal Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— The question of the
election of a United States Senator will
be brought up again at this session, this
time by Senator- Davis, who has a plan
that has proven efficacious in the case of
Presidential Electors and should -work
as well In the cholce'of a Senator. '-'. Davis'
plan would simply transfer to the section
of the United States constitution that re
fers to the selection of a Senator the lan
guage used in the section referring to the
selection of Electors, which would ' have
a. Senator by appointment by the Legis
lature or by popular election' at 'the op
tlo n . ., of the Legislature.
Article I, section 3, subdivision^ of the
United States constitution says: '.The
Senate of the United States shallbe" com
posed . of; two Senators from each State
¦chosen by the Legislature thereof for six
years and each Senator shall have one
vote." - •
j There can be no doubt of the Intention
In regard to Senators under this language,
but with Electors it is different. Article
II, section 1, subdivision 2 of the consti
tution says:
"Each Btate shall appoint in such man
ner as the Legislature thereof may direct
a number of Electors equal to the whole
number of Senators and Representatives
tp which the State may be entitled in the
Congress."
-Under this -section it is made optional
with Legislatures whether they shall ap
point Electors or the Electors shall be
elected by popular vote. Senator Davis,
would have practically the same language
apply to each and upon this idea he has
framed the following joint resolution,
which will be submitted to the Senate to
morrow: ¦ ¦ :
Senate Joint i No. , relative to
the appointment of United States Senators by
each State.
Resolved, By the Senate and Assembly Joint
ly, that article 1, section 3, subdivision 1 of the
constitution of . tho United States should be
amended to read cs follows:
The Senate of, the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State.
Each State shall appoint In such manner as
the Legislature may direct said two Senators
for six. years ard each Senator Bhall have
one vote. .'
By placing Senators upon the plane
originally occupied by Electors, Senator
Davis believes that in the course of time
political evolution will bring about the
electon of Senators by popular vote just
as it has brought about the election of
Electors. .--'.¦ . .
"Originally Legislatures appointed the
Electoral College directly," said, Senator
Davis this afternoon, "but after a few
years it got so that many of them left
that power to the people-, but as late as
1S32 a number appointed the Electors.
"There never was a national nominat
ing convention until 1S32, when Andrew
Jackson ran for President, and was nomi
nated, for the office by the Democratic
party- in a convention held in Baltimore,
and up to 1860. at the brealting out of the
rebellion, the Legislature of South Caro
lina appointed, her . Electors.-.- ;_ ;. .• .
.. "If,: we, adopt ., the same'.law and apply
it to thej selection of a United States Sen
ator, the selection in e,ach State ultimate
ly passing into the hands of the people
will be but a repetition of history.
"The trouble in getting the section re
lating "to- the selection of a- Senator
amended:has always been because of the
Senate itself. A great and respectable
portion of that body has come from the
.New England States and the South,
where polities are settled and where the
appointment, of a Senator by the Legis
lature has been most satisfactory. With
this resolution there Is no reason why the
conservative members of the States of
New England or the South or anywhere
else should raise opposition to 'the plan
because its adoption will pass up to each
Legislature the question of whether It
shall appoint directly by its own voice
or indirectly by the votes of the people.
Just as in the case of the Presidential
Electors. The question of the selection of
a United States Senator by the people
would thus work itself out as naturally
and as easily as the question of the elec
tion of Presidential Electors by the peo
ple has worked itself out."
Senator Davis' idea is a new one and
strictly in line with the tendency of the
constitution to let each State regulate its
own affairs in its own way. By the
amendment the conservative States could
go on as they have been doing and the
greater number of others that are agitat
ing the question of a selection of their
Senators by a direct voto of the people
can work out their will, leaving no radi
cal change in the system. • Senator Davis
considers his amendment an entering
wed«re. >•
Revamping of the
Present Electoral *
Law.
Davis Prepares a
Compromise Reso
lution,
NEW PLAN
TO SELECT
SENATORS
PROFITLESS TWO WEEKS AT THE STATE CAPITOL
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1901
RAIN FALLS IN THE SOUTH.
San Diego and Los Angeles Receivo
. Welcome Drenching.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— Rain j began
falling at 5 o'clock this morning and has
continued at intervals throughout the day
Reports Indicate that the precipitation is
general throughout Southern California.
.At 5 o'clock this afternon, when the last
measurement was taken by • the local
weather bureau, .the rainfall was .22 of an
Inch : f or ; thp stonn and 8.07. Inches 'for the
season, against^ 4.57 inches to 'the same
date last season. Slnco 5 o'clock probably
a tenth of an Inch has fallen,' and the in
dications are favorable for a continuation
of the storm. .-¦ . -•
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 20— A brisk rainstorm
came up ;* from? the south this; afternoon,
and - from 2 ; o'clock until 5 ' there was a
precipitation' of -.28 of. an inch in this city.
Reports : from - the ' : country . indicate .that
about .the same amount -fell there. -; The
rain i. la .needed. Vindications are that the
storm will continue during the. night.- The
¦ storm prevented, the'San Diego-San Ber
nardino-ball game. \~ *>v -.-¦¦¦
Copper Interests Will Do Much Lob-
WANT COUNTIES DIVIDED.
bying at Phosnix.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 20.— The twenty
first session of the "Arizona Legislature
begins to-morrow. The legislators have
all arrived and have been busy caucusing
over the selection of a President of the
Council ar.d a Speaker of the House.
• Eugene S. Ives of New York will likely
be made President of the Council and P.
P.' Parker of Phoenix Speaker of- the
House. The > complexion of both houses
Is decidedly Democratic. . '
The most important matters before this
session will be a reapportionment'blli
and the question of dividing certain coun
ties. Representatives of various copper
camps are present to press claims for
county division. There -seems to be a
strong disposition on the part "of the cop
per camps to= form themselves I into • new
counties to escape , heavy • taxation
Jerome, Clifton and Bisbee are the camps
most active in seeking county division.
LIBRARY FOR MONTEREY.
MONTEREY, Jan.* 20.— A number- of
ladies, of- this -city- have' organized a li
brary association, the object of which is
to found a permanent public library In
Monterey. The officers of the new organ
ization are- Mrs. Charles P.- Henry presi
dent; Mrs.. M. M. Grogg,; vice president:
Mrs. Joseph F. Moore, secretary; Mrs. J
P. Sargent, treasurer.
A book committee composed of Mrs W
T.< Read. Mrs.^M. Harris. Mrs. William
Kay, Mrs. J. Zimmerman and Mrs "Wal
lace C." Brown has been appointed and the
Intention Is to put the j new prpject on a
practical | and substantial footing at once
Steps have already been' taken to secure
a. building, and a large number of books
havo'been purchased.
Barge ; Strikes . a ' Bridge.
. I COL.USA." Jan." 20-— A barge In tow' of the
eteamer Dover ran against, the end'of.the
old drawbridge ; here ¦ last; night, '• knocking
the pilot house from - the. barge and seri
ously "injuring the barge: pilot, Charles
RodgerB. The bridge was not damaged.- ,
Injured in a Mine.
• MARIPOSA. Jan. 20.— W. T. Berkln and
a man named Kelly were Injured by a
cave-in at the Marlposa mine this after
noon. Kelly suffered the fracture of two
ribs and one leg. Berkin is believed to bo
fatally injured.
coon become King of England, but be
cause he is grand master of the Gran-1
Lodges of England, Ireland, Scotland anil
"Wales, and is also grand prior of the aj-
der of Knights Templar In England an<l
grand patron of the Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry in tha
United Kingdom, having received the
thirty-third and last degree in that brancn
of Freemasonry.
For more than thlrtv-two years he has
been identified with the Masonic order.
There is not a member throughout tho
world who takes deeDer or more actlvrt
interest in its welfare. In the exalte 1
position which he occupies by reason of
his royal station and his high office in
Masonry he fully exemplifies through hi*
personal contact with his Masonic breth
ren when visiting various bodies wit'i
which he Is affiliated the eqnality upon
which all Free Masons stand when meet
ing as such, social lines being relaxed
to a remarkable degree. Masonry every
where receives his hearty and unqualified,
support and his presence at important
Masonic functions is always sought for
and usually with success. Like his grand
father, the Duke of Kent, his royal High
ness was admitted Into a fraternity under
a foreign constitution. He was initiat9:l
Into the mysteries of Freemasonry by
his. My esty the King of Sweden while on
a vliC to Stockholm in December 13GS
In September. 1S69, the Grand Lodge of
England conferred upon him the rank of
past grand master and in December o*
the same year he becime grand ma3te
being Invested with the Insignia of his
Masonic rank by Grand Master the Earl
of Zetland at the grand quarterly commu
nication. In the previous month, on the
motion of the Duke of Leinster. grand
master of the Grand Lodge of ?reland. th»
title of patron of the order in Ireland was
conferred upon his royal Highness by thrt
Grand Lodge of Ireland, his lnvestur*
taking place at a. grand communication
held in Dublin August 14, 1SH. H« was
subsequently elected worshipful master
of Royal Alpha Lodge No. 18 fn Willis
Rooms. London, and later worshipful
master of Apollo University Lodge No. 337
Oxford. Queen Victoria la a patroness of
Has o n ry . : ; - v
It. "N. Sayer.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.-L. N. Sayer. a
well known contractor and prominent Re
publican politician, dropped dead at his
home, 1040 East Fiftieth street, at 5:30
o'clock to-night of apoplexy. Mr. Sayer
was a member of the State, County and
Citj' Republican Committees and was an
earnest worker in the party. He Was ap
parently in the best of health up to the
time he died, and his death was a great
shock to his family. He leaves a wife and
five children. The deceased was a promi
nent Mason. ¦<...:
4Exhausted by a Night's Exposure to the Rain and Cold
Warburton No Longer Seeks Escape From a Posse.
MATTHEW REILLY'S SLAYER GIVES
HIMSELF UP TO MARIN'S SHERIFF
PORTRAIT OP W. F. WARBURTON. SKETCHED FROM LIFE BY A
CALL ARTIST; HIS VICTIM. MATTHEW REILLY, AND THE SCENE
OF THE RECENT FATAL SHOOTING AFFRAY.
SAN JOSE,. Jan. - 20. — The cottage ' of : H.
F. Moultlne on Delmas avenue was'de
stroyed by fire this evening. Loss $3000,
no Insurance. ' •
— Fire at San Jose.
ST. GEORGE, -Utah, Jan. 20.— Martin
Wrighf , late Social ;' candidate for . Gov
ernor of Utah, who -was en ; route to ''¦ Los
Angeles with : his two sons.' was instantly
killed by the accidental discharge of a re
volver whlph fell from* his -pocket; while
he was preparing dinner, at their, camp.- ¦
¦ ¦• ¦ ¦.-•¦-¦¦ --•.-•'•
Meets "Untimely Death..
Late Candidate for Governor of Utah
ACCIDENT AXLY, KILLS HIMSELF.
Drowned in Salinas River.
WATSONVILLE. Jan. 20.— J. W. Watts,
a. livery stable man of this city, was
drowned at Metr station, about six miles
Tielow S^lodad, while trying to ford th'e
SalinaF River. Deceased was a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 35 years. He left this
place yesterday with a double team to
drive to Trmpleton. Intending to bring
back Fomc horses. He was accompanied
by a Spanish boy. Particulars of the ac
cident have not been heard here. The body
has b*»en r«*-overed and will be forwarded
for burial. Deceased was a popular young
man and was to have been married to a
young lady of this place in a few days.
Prisoner Is D?.n Durham.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 2).— A prisoner
In the Yuma penitentiary giving the name
of Thomas Hart has been Identified by
oth«»r prisoners as Dan Durham of Globe,
A. T., vrho served one term in the Arizona
prison and is now held for the murder
of. Under Sheriff M- B. Devane last wtxk.
Bridge Problem Unsettled. ,
WOODLAND. Jan. 20.— The Supervisors
of Yolo and Sutter counties are confront
ed with a problem.. In a few months the
term during which the two counties and
the railroad company were to maintain
Jointly a railroad^ and wagon bridge over
the Sacramento River at Knights Landing
will expire. The company has notified the
counties that it will build a new bridge
for Its own use. but that it will not be a
combination bridge. If the corporation
adheres to its decision in this matter the
two counties will be compelled to 'either
construct a new bridge or maintain a free
ferry. The latter plan will be very unsat
isfactory, but a bridge will be. so expen
sive that one teems out of the question
for the present. An effort will be made
to induce the railroad company, to Join
with the 'two counties in the construction
of a combination bridge-
ST.. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 20.— Mri- Mamie
Drungold j of , Joliet," . 111., .who. arrived * at
the Union station this morning: from Seat
tle en" route to her' home,'. shortly after
,ward made her way. to the : second floor
of .the station, opened a window; and
threw herself on the tracks below. She
struck ,,on her . head: and fractured her
skull and received other, injuries, -from
whlch'physiclans say she cannot recover."
Passengers ¦ who traveled on the same
train ¦ with -. Mrs. . Drungold say that • she
acted in a peculiar fashion during the en
tire; Journey, 7 and it 'is believed her mind
was unbalanced;^ .;.-.* ; . » ; .
INSANE WOMA3I SEEKS
TO END HER LIFE
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 20.— Bleeding and
almost in a rtyintr condition. Oliver John
eon rede on horseback twenty-eight miles
from Mott's ranch to the ranch of Wil
liam McGee on Big Sandy River and was
th^n taken sevc-nty-flve miles in a buck
tx>ard to Kinsman before he received sur
gical attention. Johnson was shot by
Fteve Mott. his employer, with whom he
had had several quarrels. Trouble was
brewing for several weeks and finally
Johnson challenged Mott to a. nstlo com
bat. The challenge was rejected, but as
Johnson started to leave the place on
riorsfhaek, Mott raised a shotgun and
poured the contents of both barrels into
Lla body and face. Johnson may recover.
Injured Man's Long Ride.
The problem which now confronts the
people of Yolo County is a serious one
and demands prompt and decisive action.
For two or three years the rainfall has
Tx'-en inFUfficlent. The result has been
short crops of cereals and much damage
to tree? and vine?. In view of the fact
that water sufficient to Irrigate every acre
cf lard In Yolo annually runs to waste, it
Is inconceivable that the people of Yolo
County will permit present conditions to
exist. The facilities for winter irrigation
are easily within grasp. All needed to be
done is to utilize them. There may be
many seasons when irrigation is not nec
essary, but by using the advantages that
nature has placed within reach there will
be r.o turn thing in the future as short
crops cr dead fruit trees on account of a
lack of sufficient moisture.
WOODLAND. Jan. 20.— An Irrigation
meeting was held in this city yesterday
Under tho. auspices of the Chamber of
Commerce. There was a large attendance
of representative citizens. The purpose of
the meeting was to have some under-
Ftanding with the trustees of the Moore
O'tch as to whether or not permanent Im
provements will be made. Owins to the
absence of the trustees but little was ac
complished, but at a meeting to be held
Boon it is probable that some agreement
nay be reached.
"VTMle Rainfall Has Been Insufficient,
"Water Is Running to "Waste
Each. Year. - / ¦""
IRRIGATION PROBLEM
IN YOIX> COUNTY
Superintendent Rogers of the railway
was reported snowbound at the summit
of the mountain pass« of the road. He
and other officials found it practically
impossible to do anything to relieve the
situation during tho progress of the storm.
Snow shovelers were scarce and every
thing indicated that the road, under most
favorable circumstances, would not be in
operation for several days after the sail
ing of the City of Seattle, January. 14.
The nearest engine was fifteen miles, out
from Skaguay, with trains, engines and
rotaries every fifteen or twenty miles, al
most buried in the snow, all the way to
White Horse. The last passenger train
reached White Horse January s 9. Mean
while passengers bound for the Klondike
were arriving at Skaguay by, the score.
All told eight engines and two or. three
rotaries are reported stalled In the snow.
The new rotary, sent nortn from this city
about a month ago, was blocked at Gla
cier. Many of the engines ran" out of
water, having to depend upon . melted
snow. ¦
Frequent winds, at times of almost hur
ricane force, accompanied the snowfall.
The Dominion telegraph wires went down
January. 10 below White Horse, shutting
off communication ' with Dawaon; ¦ As
heavy winter travel^ began just after Jan
uary 1 not less than 500 travelers going in
or coming out were caught between LakA
Bennett and Dawson. Little ' danger to
them is apprehended as roadhouses au
numerous. ' • ¦• '-..¦..-' y
Train after train was held by 'the ob
structive elements as follows: No. 1, two
miles above Fraser; No. 2, at Pennington;
a special train at Bennett; rotary No. 1,
disabled near Bennett; rotary No. 2, one
mile above Glacier.
TACOMA, Jan. 20.— One of the heaviest
snows ever known in Alaska has fallen
In the Lynn Canal section, extending hun
dreds of miles to the interior, down the
Yukon as far as Dawson and probably
below the Klondike metropolis. The
White Pass and Yukon Railroad Is tied
up its entire length, not an engine mov
ing from Skaguay to White Horse, the In
terior terminus of the railway. News of
the blockade was brought by the steamer
City' of Seattle, which arrived from Lynn
Canal last night.
Snow began falling Monday, January 7,
and with distressing regularity kept com
ing down for the next four or five days.
Wednesday night. January 9, the regular
passenger train arrived at Skaguay four
hours late, having nad an extremely hard
fight to reach Bennett.
The following day came the first actual
tie-up of the season. Beyond Fraser, on
the mountain division of the road; an im
penetrable snowbank brought the»regular
passenger train to a standstill, resisting
the -efforts of the rotary plow and. all
other snow-fighting devices. There ¦were
twelve passengers on the train and they
had to be supplied with food from
Fraser. ...-i- ;.'•:.«¦.'¦
Special rrtspatch to The Call
Hundreds of Travelers to
the Klondike Are
Snowbound.
SEVERE STORM
IN THE NORTH
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 20.— J. R. Lynch, a
rancher living near the Mexican line, and
his divorced wife, Sela Lynch, were the
principals .In a shooting scrape at mid
night last night. The woman Is In jail in
default of a $400 bond, and the man's left
hand Is in a sling. .
The trouble grew out of the custody of
their 4-year-old child, which was awarded
to the, father at the time a divorce was
granted a month ago. Mrs. Lynch had
eloped from Tla Juana with a man by the
name of Menslr, who deserted his own
wife and family at the same time. They
went to Oceanside, where Mensir was em
ployed for a time on the ranch of Jacob
Gruendike as a horse trainer. It is un
derstood that he has since left the woman
and is now in Arizona.
Because of the desertion with another
man Mr. Lynch secured a divorce, the de
cree having been signed about a month
ago. ¦ '
Last night, according to the story of
Mrs. Lynch, she went to the ranch to see
her son but be -was not there. Lynch
told her that the boy was In Los Angeles
with his sister, and that he had written to
the sister to keep the child away from Its
mother, even if she should. call there to
see it.' Mrs. "Lynch says that she picked
up a picture of the boy. and when she
learned what her former husband pro
posed to do she crumpled the picture in
her hand and threw, It on the floor. For
this act Lynch had struck her, and be
cause hie seemed. inclined to follow up. the
chastisement she had fired a shot into the
ceiling,' one Into the side of the room and
another into the floor. She said she car
ried the revolver because Lynch had
threatened to- kill her if she did not re
turn to him. •-.">•
Lynch's story of what happened last
night is quite different from that of his
former wife. He agrees that the dispute
was about the boy. that Mrs.' Lynch came
to the house about 9 o'clock. and that the
shooting took place about midnight. The
intervening time was spent hv a rehearsal
of her -troubles by the woman. . Tne cul
mination came when she. ordered- him to
write ; a note to i his . sister by I which - she
could secure possession of the boy , from
her. He "refused to' write the. order, and
the revolver was then. brought Into play.
Mrs. Lynch will be arraigned before Jus-
I tlce Murdock to-morrow:
¦' ' " — — ' ; :: ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern California Woman
Trie3 to Kill Former
Husband.
DIVORCED WIFE
USES A PISTOL
quest to-morrow.
The wife of the deceased has nearly lost
her reason. She Is under a physician's
care. A strange thing occurred in connec
tion with the affair. A young sister of
the deceased was placed In a hypnotic
condition by Dr. Clark of San Francisco.
While in this condition she described
Warburton's flight and his wanderings,
at last saying: "Yes; I see him; he is
coming to San Rafael; he is driving along
the road." .
When she said this Warburton was act
ually on the road to this city. Acting
upon what the young woman said," her
brother went to the jail and saw War
burton as he went in.
The prosecution in the case Js active al
ready. They claim to have several wit
nesses who will swear that. Warburtqn
showed them his pistol yesterday, say
ing: "I'll get one of the Relllys before
long." If all. reports- are true one of the
most sensational cases ever tried here
will result from the killing of Reilly. \ '
The committee will hold the next meet
ing in the room of tha Committee on In
terstate and Foreign Commerce at Wash
ington at 10 o'clock oh Tuesday morning.
They expect to make their report In about
ten days, and it is said on good authority
they will recommend that the number of
tacticaj officers at' the 'West Point acad
emy be increased. It Is also said that they
will report that the deaths of former Ca
dets Booz . and Breth were not caused by
the hazing they, received [ at West Point.
In the case of Booz the testimony showed
that he was not very strong at any time,
and It is said the members of tha commit
tee believe that his -health had been in
jured by his treatment at the hands of his
fellow cadets ) in the . academy. At tho
same time it is claimed that the commit
tee has failed to discover any connection
between the swallowing of tobasco sauce
and the subsequent death of Booz from
tuberculosis. • , '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.—Representa
tive Dick of Ohio and other members of
tbe House special committee 'which . has
been investigating hazing practices at
West Point, returned to the city to
night. Asked . concerning the recom
mendations the committee would make.
Colonel Ertck answered in a- general -way
that he believed tho committee would rec
ommend that such legislation be enacted
as would put a stop.to>lhe practice of
tidzincr *¦¦..:¦
"I have no doubt." 'he said, "that Con
gress will pass such laws as will make
forever impossible - a " repetition of the
practices that the committee's Inquiry
disclosed at West . Point. I believe the
report of the committee 1 will be unani
mous, both as to findings and recommend
ations. - '-, ¦ ¦•
"The committee .was- very favorably im
pressed .with the" frankness of all the
cadents 'placed upon . tho ' stand. What
ever may be said r of the hazing methods
practiced, those young fellows at. the aca
demy tell the truth unflinchingly. . ,Whlle
a cadet on the stand would shield a com
rade so far as he ¦ truthfully could, when
it came to a question .concerning himself
he was perfectly frank and absolutely
truthful. ". • • - .•¦¦".• ¦ . , ¦*¦ ...
"I am firmly convinced that th© resolu
tions to abandon the practice of hazing,
which were adopted . by .the cadets and
slgrned by the class presidents, will -be
rigidly observed - by every cadet in the
institution. But cadets to enter hereafter
would 'not be bound by those. resolutions
and for the future of the- academy, I be
lieve there should be changes in the laws
and regulations ¦ governing It
"It . is only Justice . to say that Col
onel Mills, superintendent . of the aca
demy, and Colonel Hein, the commandant
of the cadets, have done much during the
past two years to put a stop to hazing."
WEST POINT, N. Y., Jan. 20.— The Con
gressional committee left here to-day for
Washington, after. having concluded the
mission of Investigation at the United
States Military Academy. Before their
departure, however, through a voluntary
agreement of the cadets, hazing was
abolished. Ever since .the members of
Congress came here they have worked
nearly sixteen hours dflly in public and
executive sessions. . .
Probable Report to Be Made
by the Congressional
Committet. -
DEATH NOT DUE
TO THE HAZING
at His Home in
Canto.
CAHTO, Jan. 20.— While William Curts I
and his 10-year-old son were hunting on j
Big Mountain near* here- they suddenly ,
came upon a large mountain lion with her .
two young ones. As soon as the mother i
saw the hunters she: showed fight. Mr. \
Curts put his dog after her and she ran ;
around for a short distance, coming back [
to where Curts and his son were. The ani
mal crouched close behind an old log and |
began to sway her long tail to and fro. |
Mr. Curts took deliberate aim and killed |
her. ¦. "-. ¦¦
The dogs were again let loose and treed
one of the kittens. Gene, the son. was i
called upon to shoot this time. He was
not accustomed to using a gun. but he
took aim and fired. The ball struck the
lion in the neck. The third animal was |
captured alive and taken home. J
To Entertain . the Drummers.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 20.— Preliminary
steps have been . taken, by the leading I
business men cf the city, with the co
operation of Governor Wells and Mayor
Thompson. In arranging some form of en
tertainment for the members of the Chi
cago Commercial Club, who are to visit
this city as the guests of the Western
railroads early in March. —
William Curts Has a Dangerous Pet j
HUNTERS CAPTUBE j
YOD1TQ MOXTNTAIN" LION j
The present trial is the Finnell suit and
Is to decide the title to the property.
Tuesday morning, after the jury had been
secured. . Mr.' Finnell was placed on the
stand to : give his ; testimony. In the case.
His counsel introduced a deed which
showed that the land was purchased by
the plaintiff, ¦ and which Mr. Finnell said
was the instrument by which he came in
to and held possession, of the property In
litigation. Here the defense rested... '
• Numerous witnesses were then called
for,' the; defense. Mr. Saffold was on the
witness' stand. .for « several . days relating
how. the place "was to In time be his.'
,The case was given into the hands of the
jury Saturday morning at 11 o'clock, and
it, has '-not -yet agreed upon- a' verdict.
NAPA, Jan. 20.— For a third time the
case of John Finnell vs. R. B. Saffold has
occupied the attention of the Superior
Court and a Jury here during the past
week. The litigation Is over the owner
ship of a large ranch located near Yount
vllle In this county, valued In the neigh
borhood of $30,000. On. account of the
prominence of the two parties the case
has; attracted considerable attention arid
interest among the people of this commu
nity. Finnell Is. the big wheat grower of
Tehama County and Saffold Is his son-ln
law.- Eminent counsel has been employed
by' both parties, and the case has been bit
terly, fought. Mrs. Saffold was one of the.
chief witnesses for the defense, testifying
agaJnst her father. This she did at the
former. trials also. Judge Buckles of So
lano County presided at the present trial,
which began last Tuesday morning.
The evidence was to the effect that in
the '80s the plaintiff engaged his Bon-in
law to run a ranch in Colusa County for
him at a stated salary. But Mrs. Saffold's
health failed, and she was obliged to seek
another climate. Her father agreed, ac
cording . to the testimony, to . release Mr.
Saffold from his contract to superintend
the Colusa ranch, and let them move to,
the Napa County ranch of plaintiff.- The
Saffolds have lived on It ever since, and
many improvements are alleged to have
been made. Saffold claimed that Finnell
had agreed . before he left-. the Colusa
ranch that he (SafCold) was to get the
Napa ranch after he had Improved It and
lived on It so many years, and also made
certain payments to Finnell.
In tho- latter part of last year Saffold
filed suit against Finnell for possession
of the ranch. Then Finnell filed a cross
complaint to have the court set aside the
ranch to him. The Saffold suit was tried
first, and the jury gave a verdict for Fin
nell.; -- . '. ¦ ; v .. .'.-*¦• . . ¦ ¦:.; '-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Napa Ranch Is In
•il volved.
FINNELL CASE
GOES TO JURY
Ownership of a Valuable
been charged against me. I suppose it
will all come out at the trial, • and that
the case will be most sensational."
When told that Rellly's face was pow
der burnt from the shot he said: "Doesn't
that show that he was coming toward me
and very close?"
He denied that he held his pistol pointed
at the fallen man, and also that he covered
the other people in the room and backed
out. In reference to the" shooting, ho
-said: . • . . •. , •
"Reilly said he wanted to talk to me.
• I told him to keep away. He then ad
vanced, and I fired. My memory . from
there on is a blank. AH night I wandered
as one in a dream. I don't know where I
went. It was like a horrible nightmare.
The first I really knew was late this fore
noon, when I reached Shaffers, Grove. My
main thought here was to give myself up,
and. with that end In view I was driven
here. . "
"I am sorry that it happened, but it
was forced upon me. Physically. I was
SAX RAFAEL. Jan. 20.— Exhausted
by a. night's exposure to the rain
and cold, W. F. Warburton, the
slayer of Matthew Reilly, sur
rendered himself at the Sheriff's of
fice in this city this afternoon. He was
driven to the Jail by Matthew Lindsey of
Shaffers Grove, near Ross Landing. Late
in the forenoon he arrived at Lindsey's
place, where he obtained a dry pair of
stockings and took a little rest. Later
he was driven here. He was driven along
Fifth street and taken to the side en
trance of the jail. A large crowd quick
ly assembled, however, and Warburton
was hurried into the Sheriff's office,
where the doors were locked. The halls
of the courthouse were quickly filled with
curious people. After considerable ef
fort on the part of Deputy Sheriffs Mar
tin and Lichtenberg \he building was
closed and tho doors locked.
When searched a 32-caliber revolver was
found in the waistband of Warburton's
trousers. It was fully loaded, the empty
shell from last night's shooting having
been replaced by a fresh one. In his
pockets were also found $36 40. All through
the searching and locking up in the cell
below the accused man was as cool as
usual. He smiled and Bmoked cigarettes,
never exhibiting the slightest concern ex
cept when the people flocked Into the
building. He seemed to be laboring un
der the impression that an attempt would
be made to mob him.
Several hours later Sheriff Taylor and
District Attorney Mclsaac interviewed
him in the upper office. An effort was
made to secure a statement from him con
cerning the shooting. He declined firm
ly but politely to discuss his case, saying
that at the proper time he would talk.
"While in the Sheriff's office he posed for
a Call artist for a sketch. He took much
interest in the growth of the picture, and
asked to be allowed to correct it. Taking
the pencil he shaded a little here and
with the rubber erased certain features
that did not please him.
In an interview to-night he said: "No
man who is a man can stand the sting
of slander. For several months I have
been held up In this community as base
and vile. Things too vile to repeat have
Masuras was examined by the police
and as a result the warrants were issued.
Joseph and James KSptaukas and Frank
Hestaigus were arrested by the police.
One other Yonkers man and two New
Yorkers were named on other warrants
and the police are searching for them.
The police assert that they believe the
story told, by Masuras and they say that
the affair has led to the discovery of an
anarchist band of a dangerous character.
Masuras was apparently willing to tell
more about the society, but Judge Kel
logg adjourned the hearing and committed
the prisoner to Jail pending further ex
amination. :'••
On the stand Masuras said that In
Greece he had been a member of an
anarchist society. Some time ago it fell
to his lot to kill a public man In the
United States and he was ordered to come
to this country and place himself under
the orders of the American branch of the
society. He had never heard the name
of the man he was to murder and un
derstood that as in other cases the man
who was to be the victim was to be
selected after his arrival in this country.
After reaching America Masuras, accord
ing to his own story, went to Yonkers and
affiliated himself with a branch of the or
ganization, as well as one in New York.
Finally he became lrightened, withdrew
and .refused to carry Out the mission en
trusted to him. From the time he left
the organization he claims he wan an
noyed and threatened by members of the
society. He remained firm In his deter
mination not to obey the orders, how
ever, and yesterday eix of the men came
here and beg-ged him to return. When he
still refused one of the six, ¦which one he
could not say, attempted to stab him.
The blow was aimed too high, however.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— Ellas Masuras,
a Greek, the complainant In an assault
case which came before Judge Kellogg
of Yonkers. N. Y., this morning, told a
startling tale of a plot of Greek anarch
ists to kill prominent Americans and
would have told more had the court not
stopped him and turned him over to the
police that they might quietly investi
gate the cas>e. Several arrests have al
ready been made and a number more are
planned.
Thres Men Arrested and
Police Search for Two
The Chilean Minister to Bolivia has left <
his post on leave, iut it Is understood
that he will be directed to return to La
Par, perhaps, with new propositions. The
reported rejection by the Chilean Con
gress of the protocol relative to the
plebiscite to be held in the provinces of
Tacna and Arica. has not been confirmed
and It is believed here that foe notion
taken was rather in the way of a refusal
to give approval to the instrument. As
suming this to be the case, it Is said that
the matter will return to a stage of nego
tiation and Chile will make a strong effort
to secure a peaceful solution.
ANARCHIST BAND
IS DISCOVERED
"The Government of Chile," he said, "in
a circular to the diplomatic corps of
Chile, dated September 29 last, has stated
Its policy and the attitude It will observe
with regard to the difficulties pending
between Chile and Bolivia and Chile and
Peru. According to that document,
which has been communicated to all for
eign governments, the intentions of Chile
toward Bolivia are most respectful and
most generous. There is no word even
of denunciation of the treaty of truce,
no word of the partition of Bolivia. On
the contrary, the Intention expressed by
Chile in that document is that of finding
some means of satisfying Bolivia in a
way that may be compatible with the
vital necessities and interests of Chile.
We offer Bolivia a railroad, we offer free
entrance for Bolivian goods, we offer pay
ment of external debts, all of which will
cost Chile from $14,uOO.OC9 to $16,000,000. In
addition, we offer her very favorable
commercial treaties and franchises. Chile
getting in return only the most favored
treatment and recognition of our sover
eignty over the geographical degree of
territory which Chile cannot part with be
cause it would endanger her existence.
The representative of the Minister for
Foreign Affairs in Peru cannot possibly
have placed himself In antagonism to his
chief by proposing the partition of Boli
via when he has just received the diplo
matic circular to which I have re
ferred."
The controversy between Chile, Bolivia
and Peru is acknowledged to be In a seri
ous etage. but it is asserted that the San
tiago Government is making an earnest
effort to bring about a pacific settlement.
Senor I>on Carlos Morla Vicuna, Chilean
Minister in Washington, says the Chilean
Minister in Lima could not have proposed
to Peru the partition of Bolivia because
Euch a proposal would be in direct viola
tion of the diplomatic circular sent by
Chile to the powers regarding the contro
versy with Bolivia.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of
Bolivia, who urged the acceptance of the
Chilean proposal, has, in consequence of
the adverse action of Congress of his
country, resigned his office.
C\IL HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET. NT. W., WASHINGTON,. Jan.
2i).— Bolivia has rejected the proposal of
Chile contemplating payment by the lat
ter country of the Bolivian bonded d*ebt,
the construction of a railroad connecting
Bolivia with a Pacific port, the free en
try of goods and the establishment of
custom houses in exchange for recogni
tion by the La Paz Government of Chil
ean sovereignty over the territory in dis
pute between them.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Controversy Between the
Two Governments \
Grows Serious.
Bolivia Rejects Pro
posals Made by
Chile. ¦•
DISPUTE MAY
LEAD TO CLASH
OF REPUBLICS
This is the second case of poisoning
from a similar cause in this locality Uts
season. The doctors are doing everything
possible for the afflicted family. From
what can be learned, the mushrooms
cooked by the Morrises were of the or
dinary variety. They had often eaten
them and had every -reason to believe
that they knew the poisonous varieties.
This is what puzzles people here. It. 1 is
feared that some dangerous and unknown
fungus has made Its appearance In tne
county. Manuel Morris, the father. Is a
Portuguese. He has followed the occupa
tion of well borer in this county for some
years. ; ¦-•-¦"• " " '
Dr. H. O. Howltt. who is at present at
tending the family, says that they are |
greatly prostrated and can retain no
nourishment. The symptoms of poison
ing are very pronounced. The case has |
excited much Interest.- .
Thursday the children went out to gath
er mushrooms and. returned with a good
supply, which was cooked and partaken
of with fatal results. . ¦
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 20.— One child has
died and six other members of the Mor
ris family are lyingp at their home In this
city dangerously ill, as the result of eat
ing. some poisonous- fungus last Friday. On
that day they cooked and ate what they
thought was a mess cf mushrooms. Short- j
ly afterward they were/taken ill. Thi3 |
morning Ida, the little flve-year-old girl,
died! The father, Manuel Morris, is not
expected to live. . The: mother and other
children are, however, expected to re
cover.
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
MUSHROOMS
CAUSE DEATH
OF CHILD
Family of Manuel
Morris at San Ra
lael Is 111.
Fear a New aD$l Poisonous
Fungus Has Appeared
in Marin County.
Count 6e Lubersac a few days previously
fought with and wounded M. MichaWJ
EptireufFl. and a third duel, arising from
the Fame controversy, wa* fought between
3«f. de Dion ar.d M. de Saint Alaxey, In
which the latter was wounded.
A duel followed between Count de Lu
bersac and Baron Edouard de Rothschild
on April 12 of last year, in which the lat
ter was plightl*- wounded In the forearm
In the first bout.
Letters of Baron Robert to his seconds
and to th» Count added fuel to the flames
end the Count announced his purpose to
again send his seconds when the Baron
fhould attain 'his majority. He also wrote
to Baron Robert's cousin. Baron Edouard
d» Rothschild, son of Baron Alphonse de
Rothschild, stating that as the son of the
head of the Rothschild family he should
hold him responsible and should insult
him at their first meeting.
Ill feeling was revived after they left
co'.lege by an expression attributed to
Baron Robert de Roihsehild respecting
Count de Lubersac, wh.ch was repeated
to the iatter socn efter his admission to
the Jockey Club. The Count then wrota
a letter in which he s-nnounced himself
ready to meet the Baron on tbe field of
honor, although, as ho expressed it, "you
know how you and your people inspire me
with disgust."
Baron de Rothschild sent as his second3
MM. Saint AJery and De Xuflise to Count
de Lubersao. who appointed Count de
Dion and Count Bor.i de Castellane as hi>»
seconds. Baron Robert de Rothschild's
eeconris stated In a letter subsequently
X>ubllshed that their efforts to secure an
encounter had failed because of the re
fusal of Count de Lubtrsac's seconds to
•allow the duel to take place when thev
discovered that Baron de Rothschild wa»
etlll a minor.
The Rothschlld-L-ubertac Incident. whlc?i
brought out a remarkable crop of dueis,
had its origin In a boy's quarrel dating
Crom the lime when Count de L.ubersac
and Baron de Rothschild were at the
fame college. They quarreled one day In
repard to a tennis court which was oc
cupied by Rothschild and which Count de
Lubersac wanted. During the quarrel
Lubersac called his adversary "Sale Julf"
(dirty Jew).
The duel began at 11 o'clock and lasted
ten minutes, when Count de Lubersac re
ceived a lunge perforating his arm at the
elbow to the arm Dit. The duel was then
stopped. Both the Count and the Baron
fought determinedly; neither flinched and
neither showed the shEhttst desire n
spare the other. Sixteen engagements
t<xjk place, all of a desperate character.
The combatants attackeu each other furi
ously. The sleeves ot ihcir shirts were
literally torn to pieces by the points of
their Swords as the duelists repeatedly
lunged at each other. Several times they
came to close Quarters and tneir seconds
were obliged to separate them.
At the sixteenth onslaujht Baron as
Rothschild Iungei at the- Count, who tried
to parry, but failed, and the Baron 9
sword pen<-iratoa his arm Just above tlu»
elbow and issued at the armpit. The spec
tators hastened urour.ci the wounded man
end two well-known physicians— Drs.
Berger a:id Poirrier — examined the wound.
The doctors said the Count's life was not
in danger, but it was impossible to con
tir.ue the duel. Count de Lubersac was
then driven back to Pans.
Baron de Rothschild Is still perfecting
military service with the Fifty-fourth
ll< ir'.rrunt of Infantry, in garrison at Cora
pkgne. He attained his majority only
yesterday and lost no time In settling hi3
Account with Count de Lubersac
PABIS. Jan. 20.— The long expected duel
between the Count <3e L-ubersac and
Baron Robert de Rothschild was fought
¦with swords at 11 o'clock this morning
on Baron Edmund dc RoCbscfcCtTfl estate
at Boulojrr.e Sur Some. The carriages
with the principals, seconds, doctors and
a few friends arrived there from Paris
shortly before 11 o'clock. Count de L.u
bersac's seconds were M. Scheme ani
Count de L>al>orde and those of liaron «la
Rothschild were Baron Leor.ino and
Viscount de Bondy.
Hastens to Wipe Out Old
Scores on Attaining
His Majority.
Baron Robert Vic
tor in a Pierce
Combat. .
ROTHSCHILD
IN DUEL WITH
DE LUBERSAC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1901.
not afraid - of Rellly. I believe h© In
tended to kill me. and that be and Keogh
followed me for that purpose." "
After Warburton surrendered word was
' cent to the posse, and they returned wet
and weary.- Travel would haverbeen Im
possible for the. accused.- as every-ave
nue of escape was guarded. The morgue
was thronged | to-day with people . who
viewed Rellly'a remains.
* Coroner Eden will probably hold an In-
5
- - 4 AD V K KTISEM KN '1 3.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33. j
'*&& CO.**
222-224 SUTTER ST.
The foundation to health is PURE
GROCERIES. They make- wholesome-
food possible. We supply the best.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY--TUESDAY— WEilNESDAY.
BACON. "Fenh," reg. 2Cc 18c Ib
Finest Eastern.
RjCHHD RYE, rear. $100 85c tot
Ceres raids. "A pr*pft-at!on >>f German
Rock Candy and Pure Wnlak;f.
SAf DIMES. French 3 fins 25c
Res. 10c. Imported fresh fish.
TOOTHPICKS, reg. 25c tig pk* 20c
"AVorlds." Known to be the b»t made.
TOOTHPLKHCLQERS, each (Oc
Res. ire. Porcelain. New rczfl noveV—
th? point of the toothslck ts never
handled.
6.UN3:GR!EB~cN. reg. $1 qt Jar 65c
la-ported.
PRUNES. ItallH. reg. \m Ib 3 lbs 25c
Thl3 season's — larce alze.
UYABINE, rcg; !0c each 3 'pftgs 25c
Use liks PearKne. Maices waahtor easy.
G'JESTKUTi, it2l!sn, raj ISc ISc I!)
S3CI:TY PICKLES, large wrtefrjar 40c
Bowie & Friedlander'a highest, grade of
SCOTcFwHISKY. reg. SI.50 $l.|5fcot
Finest old Glenlivet; Slater. Rcger & Co
RICE. Caroiim, 5-lb pkg 45c
Rerr. 10c ib.
"Xew Kra" brand— in If, .J., OC-
the finest quality— IU"iil |)Ag OuC
njnrq To ctcse out entire line at S
liltO per rent reduction.
Why don't you |
I use I
" Ko=Nut" |
A sterilized Cocoanut Fat for ¦
Shortening ond Frying. E
Try it, and you will never a
use Butter or Lard again. H
Never gets rancid. 0
Guaranteed free from Ani- H
mal Matter. |j
Ask your grocer or write 0
India. Refining: Co., |
Philadelphia. |
** 8K'*'^h II s5^jS5 2 •"
C O J£j*J!ii8S3. 1 1 ffrKjpn H
fVlVf, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures tha
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects «f self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Curea Loat
Manhood. tmpotrncy, Lost
Power, NUht Losses. Insom-
nia. Paln» In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, -am Varlcocel* or Con-
stipation. Stops Me *^ %^M rvons ¦ Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects XwrMrm* r * » mmedlatB -
Impart vijror and CEflT3 potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cu.r« Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c »
box 1 4 for $2 50 by mall. A written icuarantee to>
euro or money refunded with 8 boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. Ban Francisco. CaL. GRANT DRCO CO..
3S and 40 Third st.
I^Ep^v ONE PPOCO
T'^^g^gv BOTTLE LUnCO
/ ;§||i§a MCBURNEY'S \
i$£L SV*<?/ k r ir!r»«av an<l3 ' a(Id » f
/ T * S) W Wflne JCURE
T?\ tfv ' A thorough euro tar
¦N tT P a * ns IB tii0 back,
VJ J i BBICHT'S DISEASE.
_^S^ ¦ 24 r, J female troubles, ineon-
tlueaca Of tulne. brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of cHildren, gravel, gaU atoaea,
dropsy. dlabetP*. «nrt rhenmatisia.
FOU SALE AT [
THE OWL DRTJO CO.. 113 Market St..
AND AT • f
DAHLEENDER DRUG CO-. 114 Kaarny «.,
Send ffic In 2c stamps to W*. F. McBurjiey.
41S B. Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.. for I
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 SO. Druggists.
DR.METEBS&CO, .^jpP£%
Specialists. Disease *Sg? i
and weakness of ggjfr
men- Established TrSfif, f^x&gvnS.
1881. Consultation Wffi fQ? 9
and privato book \3S»\ \ XfiSi I
free, at office or by r«flli jQSsULu
mall. Cure* guar- VSBWrTnKat
anteed. 7H1 Max- N&v3#?iJ»
ket street (.elevator jiS^FW^^Sy
entrance), San vTlSSS^
vis)? DR- JORDAN'S crkato
HUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
gfr !CSSIA2XSTBS.tBt.&i*?2L3Jf.feJ. A
t t$f r Tbe L*rxnt Anatomical Museum in tbe \
World. W»t»imi at *i» contracted Q
-Jgggfl disen* p«»JU»»ly cand hy the ofctmt
ISwl bsKUaJhtcaUwCeMb Esta&jtsxs. ,9
0 A£3?| Oft- WSDAH-FRTtATS OISSASES*
> « C^j£-9 u Cmvtiltstlon fret sod strictly pi tv&itt. \
A 3 iSif H 'frtmnent perwnally or by letter. A Q
f I VC^rn &»¦***• tVrfltn r»«7 mh nadmUm. \
SPB u ft w *« *» Bnok > r ¦««.<*«• «•»* •* 4
¦r| ll^i MABBl.tt.K. MA1UO VaSB. lAf
X Jt fi ' wiuabia book foe an) . i
7 DR JVRDAIf *t €•.. OH Market 3t.,& W. f
0 <sfr'^*» < »- < O^s>^^^^^^%^%»
.« , mm Bltf S Is ft non-pnfanneras)
r^raedj for Gonorrhoe*,
<J3&rcC&Es* l l£& CT»et, Spsrmatorrhot*,
jBtiw, In lt» 4 d»r«-«9 White*, unnatural dto-
S&Bb GurutMd H charf* . or aay inft*cam»-
awmi oat to nilsiare. tion. | citation or ulcer*-
: |^|?m«u cnutuo. tion .f ma con* men-
\ gTotmEvmCHiHirHCa. br » BM - *on-Mtring«nc.
; l|AftciiicMMn.o.ES5g *° Id * y »"int»«^
: «£>k. C.8.A. 3&T or »« nt la 5UIa W £ W ? < ''
Jftalk; 1^§*T3 *>y «pr««», prepaid, fo*
> 4£lflmtafl0?VM& tl.on. or 3 bottlu. ti.Tx
'^slllijStiy^' 64 „ slir cont on rsqoes*.
' DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
- For tbe care ' of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
'. STRICTURES and anal ;£ous complaint* ot U*
> Organ* cf. Generation. . .
' Pric* U a bottle. For sate by drurrlit*. ,The season la • now on at full [ tide. ""American
and ; European plan*. The best of . everything.
Including the, character of entertainment. Ap
ply at : 4 New Montgomery street.-' city, for spe
dal ticket.' ;^¦BMBftBBfflfenl
At Hotel Dsl Coronado
The promoters of the brilliantly hued scheme to
import coolies into Mexico should. have reflected, in
trying to induce local Chinese merchants to spen-1
money for stock in the concern,' that while our
Chinese speculator is always looking for a good thing
it is a matter of conscience with him not to be taken
for one himself.
, Clerk Waldcn, the ex-convict and rascally employe'
o? San Quentin penitentiary/evidently thought" it^ a
policy of wisdom while among thieves to act the thief :
The ¦ stripes appear to have had very little corrective
influence upon •him. ; '' ' ' '
•Governor Gage has expressed the opinion that "the
University of California has been a gross offender
in > maintaining an aggressive and not too scrupulous
lobby at Sacramento. It-^ould be interesting: to
know '.who -made such a deplorable condition neces
sary. . V ¦ ••;.: ' - - ,-;- "- : ¦; -V / ;; . ¦
German statesmen express the fearthat the United
States : is making such rapid 'strides in commerce and
industrial competition that she will soon be the cred
itor nation of the vvoild. It is to be hoped that Ger
many will be equally concerned about her abilityVp
settle with her creditor.
The health authorities of Honolulu are accused,
upori serious evidence, of having been grossly dere
lict in their treatment of contagious diseases,
threatening the lives of the people of the city. The
accused gentlemen -'have probably taken, the actions
of our local board too literally as a standard. ,
The Legislature has before it a measure designed
to clear away the marital muddle created by Reno
marriages by repealing the law which raised the row.
Recent developments indicate that the bill will have
the _ advocacy of an army of couples 'who have only
concluded their honeymoon in the Sierras.
Our worthy legislators at Sacramento have already
introduced measures providing for considerably more
than half a million dollars in appropriations. Before
they return to their homes they will be very firmly
convinced that there is a big difference sometimes be
tween what a fellow wants and what he gets.
A bill has been introduced in the Legislature at
Sacramento making it illegal for any one to have
lobsters in his possession from April 1 to August 15.
This measure seems to be a serious injustice, sinct
from the peculiar mental make-up of some of our
statesmen they insist upon being with us always.
"No," he said, "I'm not sure whether
my wife's Christmas gift to me was
meant ; to pleas© me 'or -to humble my
pride." • . ¦' • , - ;
"What did she give you?", asked his
friend. : . V,
had a crayon portrait of me made
by an amateur artist."— Catholic Standard
and Times., . -
Schoolteacher (to boy at head of class,
the lesson being philosophy)— How many
kinds of forces are there?
Boy— Three, sir. V
Teacher — Name them.
Boy— Bodily force, mental force and the
police force.— Boston Journal.
CHANCE TO SMILE.
Sappington— Your sister looks sweet
enough to eat. '
Little Rodney— She does eat.— Judge.
j she— The Count, you know, can trace his
family back 800 years. '_
He — Ah! through the Bankruptcy Court
records. I suppose.— New York Times.
She— Ethel and Harrv are engaged, but
they have decided to keep their engage
ment a secret. Kthel told me so.
He— Yes, I know; Harry told me.— Tlt-
Kindllman — What's the matter, my little
man? You seem to be In great pain.
Little boy (groaning dismally)— No, I
ain't, but dey seems ter be a great pain In
me.— Philadelphia Press.
Husband— Aren't you going to church to
day?
Wife—No: 'I am not feeling well.
Husband— Then call a messenger boy
and send him. The family must be repre
sented.— New York "Weekly.
"Look after your own grammar, George
Ferguson!" exclaimed the irate Mrs. F.
"You make a business of ¦ picking me up
on little blunders!"
"On the contrary, my dear," soothingly
replied Mr. Ferguson, "I make a recrea
tion of it."— Tit-Bits.
'"Do- you know what I would do if I
owned 'this place?" said Mrs. Gaswell,
turning enthusiastically to the guide who
was showing her the wonders of the Brit
ish Museum: '-"I'd hold the . biggest rum
mago sale that was ever seen on this
green earth!"— Chicago Tribune.
"And did you marry your ideal, Mrs.
FHghtlngton?'.' ¦
"Well, no— but I flatter myself that I
married the ideal of a girl who used to put
on a good many airs and think she had
me passed up to where the sha-dows were
dark and thick."— Chicago Times-Herald.
"Madam, are you a woman suffragist?"
"No, sir: I haven't time to be.".'i
"Haven't time? Well, if you .had the
privilege of voting, whom would you sup
port ?*,'
"The same man I have supported for
the last ten years— my husband."— Modes
and Fabrics.
The issue is not a; slight one. It involves some
thing more than the value of the sacks that were
stolen. It is a question affecting the whole system
of management at San Quentin and the personal hon-
It is to be borne in mind that the frauds which
have been exposed do* not stand alone as isolated
cases. On the contrary there ,ls around each one of
them a web; of suspicious circumstances which sug
gests that there are other frauds bound up with those
that have been revealed. Not until the whole tangled
web has been unraveled can it be determined to
what extent the State has suffered loss; nor can it
be decided upon whom the blame shall rest.
From the facts that have been disclosed there can
be drawn the conclusion, amounting to a moral cer
tainty, that something like a- conspiracy has existed
between certain officials at the prison and certain
parties in this city to defraud the State, and the
conspiracy has been worked successfully for a long
time by reason of the lax methods of supervision at
the prison. With such facts already exposed a public
examination and investigation is necessary in order
that the people may know accurately who has been
negligent of duty, who has been criminal and who
should be condemned.
In an interview' with a representative of The Call
on Saturday, Warden Aguirre spoke of the examin
ation now being carried on by experts as a matter
whose results might or might not be made public. \\z
said: "When they have finished their examination
they will report to the Directors. If the Directors
then see fit to make known the result of the .investi
gation, the public will through the columns of the
newspapers know the condition of affairs. The report
if given out will be read at a public meeting."
That statement was of course quite proper from
the Warden, for of course authority to make known
the report of the experts rests with the Directors of
the prison, and not with him. Nevertheless there
is too much of uncertainty in the statement to be satis
factory. At this juncture it should not be left to the
discretion of any one to determfne whether the people
of California shall know how San Quentin Prison has
been managed. It should be understood from th»
start that the people have a right to know the whole
truth, so that they may know how such frauds could
have been carried on for so long a time without de
tection.
1 >^ ISCLOSURES made concerning the manage-
I ) ment, or mismanagement, of San Quentin
* — /{.. Prison are sufficient to justify the public de
mand for a comprehensive investigation of the whole
subject. The real issue now before the Legislature
is not whether there shall be an investigation, but.
how the required investigation can be made most
speedily and most effectively.
SAN QUENTIN SCANDALS.
"\V. H. Storms, a wealthy mining man
of Slitter Creek, is among the guests at
tho Lick. ¦ ¦ ¦
I,. Ti. Green, the Oroville banker, Is at
the Grand. V«
¦ H. C. Ross. a. Sacramento attorney, is
a guest at the Grand.
' p. \V. Reinhart. the Los Angeles oil
n.an. Is at the Grand.
R. H. Herran. a wealthy oil man of Los
Angeles, Is at the Palace.
W. W. Whitson, a San Diego business
man, is staying at the Palace.
If. E. Robinson,, a. business man of
Gilroy, is registered at the Lick.
. A. P. Cohn, a well-known merchant of
St. Joseph, Mo., is registered at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION
Only four sloops of E230 tons were
launched during th« past year at the dock
yards, and seventeen British, war vessels
of 30,374 tons from private yards In Great
Britain, but this small tonnage put afloat
does not indicate that navy building is
-slacking up In England. During th« pre
ceding year six battleships of 66,900 tona
were launched at thy dockyards and twelvo
vessels of 53,222 tons at private yards,
and these eighteen ships, with several
others, are being completed. It Is tha
Intention to launch during th© present year
six battleships, six armored cruisers and
four protected cruisers, which will com
pensate for the apparent shortcoming of
last year and bring the new tonnage up
to more than its annual average.
width of entrance and will have 37 feet
depth of water over the sill.
Two Immense drydocks are In course of
construction ¦ at Liverpool that will -ac
commodate the largest ships yet built or
contemplated and have plenty of room to
spare. Tho Canada dock, almost ready
for use. is 825 feet 6 Inches in length, 124
feet 2 inches wide at the top and 94 feet
wide, at the- bottom. The entrance Is 9|
feet In .width and carries 32 feet of water
over the ' sill. The material la Portland
cement and concrete in parts, of eight to
one, finished with parts of six to one. Tha
dock has three centrifugal pumps, cap
able of: discharging 3.500,000 cubic feet of
water in one and a half hours.- The sec
ond dock _'] Is 1000 feet; In length, 95 feet
A remarkable feature about the recent
trial of the British armored cruiser Cressy
was the evenness with which the two sets
of engines worked. During the eight
hours' full power run the starboard en
gines developed an average of 10.473 horse
power and the port engines 10.767, giving
a i speed of 20.7 knots. At the thirty
hours' coal consumption trial, <under four
flfths power, *\he starboard engines gave
8141 horsepower, the port engines 8123, and
the revolutions of both screws were 114.6,
Tho coal consumption under full power
was 1.93 pounds and 1.79 pounds ' under
four-flfths power.
• . • *
At the present time there are forty-four
vessels of all classes building for tho
British navy, none."of which have yet been
launched. Seven battleships, of 103.G0O tons,
are at the dockyards and four of 56,000
tons at private yards. Five armored
cruisers of 53,300 tons and fourteen of the
same class of 158,'JOO tons are at dock
yards and orivate yards, and fourteen
smaller vessels of 13,700 tons, of which
six of 15.4S0 tons at dockyards are being
built. The total tonnage of the- vessels
not yet launched foots up SSD.940 tons.
The engines for the new British cruiser
Pandora, of 2200 tons, were built at tho
Portsmouth dockyard and are said to
have given satisfaction on the prelimin
ary thirty-hours' trial. They are to de
velop 7000 horsepower. The boilers are of
the Reed type and appear to have given
no better econlmlcal results than the
Belleville, as they showed a consumption
of 2.11 pounds per unit of horsepower.
One of the cruisers to be built for the
Russian navy at the Black Sea will bo
of the Bogatyr type, but of somewhat less
displacement.' ThQ Bogyatyr Is 6600 tons.
416 feet by &4 feet, and the new cruiser
Is to be 6250 tons. 436 feet length and 54
feet team. These dimensions and small
displacement will give unusually fine
lines and Insure a realization of the calcu
lated speed of 23 knots.
The Inflexible Is being reconstructed at
a considerable cost and the ancient Glat
ton. built of Iron In 1S72 and protected by
12-inch iron armor, has received new
boilers and undergone several alterations.
The difficulty will be to utilize this old
slow craft for any other purpose than
that of a guard sjilp.
The great works of Krupp employed an
average' of 46,679 persons last year, the
most important, at Essen, having 27,462.
the armor factory of Gruson 3475 and the
Germania shipyard at Kiel 3450..
The Italian armored cruiser Varesa has
had her steam trials, developing 13.8S5
horsepower and 20.02 knots speed under
full power and 9479 horsepower and 1S.83
knots under natural draught.
Japan has adopted high explosive shells
for all guns up to and including 8-lnch.
The explosive Is a Japanese Invention,
said to equal melenitu in Its effects.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
ship China, which Is expected on Friday.
is* bringing Mrs. McNutt and Ruth honw
once more. J I understand that among tho
luggage is a goodly sized box of wedding
cake, which is to be distributed to th<>
friends of Mamie McNutt and Lieutenant
Potter.
The girls are expecting big things of tha
entertainment the Olympic clubmen aro
preparing for their especial delight. I
understand it fs to happen early In March
and Is to take the shape of an old-fash
ioned circus. The big gymnasium la to be
turned ln$o an Immense sawdust ring, and
there are to be any number of sideshows.
Then, too, all the wits of the club are to
get up a burlesque, and the born come
dians who do not take part In the show
win turn their attention to spieling for
the side Issues.
This entertainment takes place on tha
last ladles' night of the season. I predict
a. tremendous success.
Edna Hopkins 13 getting together the
last pieces of her wonderful trousseau and
In other ways is preparing to make Will
Taylor the happiest of men some time In
February. I stand reany to wager that
never was more elegant trousseau pre
pared for a bride. Georglana brought
back many beautiful "sets" on her recent
return from the East, but the major por
tion of the sweet girl's wardrobe was pur
chased right here. In the purchasing of
all that which goes to make a bride happy
Miss Edna has had the advice and assist
ance of her elder sister. Helen Taylor.
I have always considered the Hopkins
girls quite the best dressed of all the girls
of the exclusive set. There Is a certain
air to their clothes that tells of wealth
and taste.
• • •
The friends of the McNutta are prepar
ing 1 to welcome them home. The steam-
There was very little change in the staples. Woo!
showed more firmness in sympathy with a gain of
from 5 to 7I2 per cent at the London sales, and trans
actions were somewhat larger, though the deman-i
is slack at best. Cotton weakened under larger
flocks in the South. The boot and shoe trade was
reported in good shape, and leather was firm. Hides,
however, were weak. There was some depressing
sentiment in the iron trade, with indications of fric
tion between the emplo3-ers and men on the subject
of wages. Orr the other hand the railroads keep up
their increase in earnings, and the retail trade has'
rot declined as much cs usual at this time of the year.
Our local situation stands the same as for weeks.
Both wholesale and retail business arc reported good
and the export trade of the port continues large.
Money is in ample supply, failures are few and gen
erally small, and collections quite up to the average.
The weather is all that could be desired by the farmer
and merchant alike.
General trade throughout the country made a very
good showing during the week. The retail business
was Teported active, except in heavy winter goods,
and the bank clearings showed an increase of 52.3 per
cent over the same week last year, this being the
largest increase for many months. The gain at New
York was 77.3 per cent and at Pittsburg 33.6, and
every important city in the country except Milwaukee
?.r.d St. Paul exhibited a gain. This is a very fine
showing for the condition of business throughout the
country, and is a much better record than that made
by the failures, which were 325, against 242 for' the
same week in 1900.
The liquidation in sto'eks in Wall street accom
panied the first reaction since the election, a period of
over two months. Ostensibly this liquidation was
caused by disappointment over the failure of certain
anticipated railroad deals to materialize, but it was
admitted that the heavy speculation of the past two
months had led into the market many speculators
whose holdings had become too extended, and whose
margins were weak. Some large speculators became
bearish and began to sell short; the public grew wary
and commenced to withdraw; the banks and other
controlling interests, while not selling, did not over
exert themselves to protect their properties in the
face of the growing liquidation, and realizing on an
extensive scale set in. The situation was peculiar, inas
much as the condition of the money market did not
appear to cut much of a figure in the liquidation.
Funds have lately been flowing, back to New York
from the interior, and the banks arc expecting an ac
cumulation of money during the next month or so
Indeed, the m.irket is so well supplied and easy tint
the shipment of $1,600,000 in gold to Paris did nor
csuse a ripple, and it was felt that the loss of $10,000,
000 or $15,000,000 in gold to Europe would not
materially affect the present situation. It was the
general belief that the liquidation was merely tempo
rary and devoid of se:ious significance.
LIQUIDATION was the feature of trade last
week. There was liquidation in wheat at Chi
cago and in stocks in Wall street. During the
previous fortnight Wall street interests, supposedly
led by Keene, purchased large lines of wheat on the
Chicago Board of Trade, Early last week under
bearish aspects of the market the Chicago holders sold
out to a man, but the Wall street interests held on.
In a d?.y or so, however, the latter also began to let
go, and by Saturday the whole line had been quietly
cumped -on the market. By this time sanguine local
panics had again begun to buy, and the situation be
came confused, though the range of values for the
week was generally lower.
LIQUIDATION. BUT ACTIVITY.
MISS BEATRICE BACHS, WHO SHARES HONORS WITH MRS. JOE TO
BIX.AS THE MOST STYLISH AND BEST DRESSED LADY IN SAN
FKANCISCO. ;-'
It is to be borne in mind in this connection that
the Republican platform adopted at Philadelphia last
June declares: "The Dingley act, amended to pro
vide sufficient revenue for the conduct of the war, has
so well performed its work that it has been possible
to reduce the war debt in the sum of $40,000,000. Sr>
ample are the Government's revenues and so great
is the public confidence in the integrity of its obli
gations that its newly funded two per cent bonds sell
at. a premium. The country is now justified in ex
pecting, and it will be the policy of the Republican
party to bring about, n reduction of the war revenues."
The people being justified by that pledge in expect
ing a reduction of taxes, it behooves the Republicans
of the Senate to act with the House in keeping the
pledge. The treasury is already overloaded with
money. A surplus of $20,000,000 in six months is too
much. The money will be much more useful in the
hands of the people and in the channels of trade.
Such being the situation, it would appear thai
Hoards of Trade and ether industrial and commercial
organizations of the people would be justified in urg-'
ing the Senate to take action upon the. bill at this
session. There is seemingly no reason why the tax
should not be reduced at least to the extent recom
mended by. Secretary Gage. The surplus revenue
for the first half of the current fiscal year amounts 10
upward of $20,000,000, and, that being so, there 5s
certainly no reason why the more vexatious taxes of
the war revenue act should continue.
While the correspondent of the American Econo
mist is of the opinion the Senate will act upon the
¦jbill; and the Times m?n is inclined to believe there
will be no action, they agree that a considerable pres
sure is being brought upon the Senators by the beer
and the tobacco men to have the tax upon their
products lightened, if not- removed altogether. In
tact, the writer for the Economist says: "The pressure
for a still further reduction in the beer tax down to
$1 50 continues, and seems likely to succeed. This
piospect has encouraged the tobacco manufacturers
to make strong efforts for further reductions in th*
taxes on their commodities.'-
A still more unfavorable report of the situation is
made by the Washington correspondent of the New
York Times. He says: "At the treasury the notion
is entertained that there will not be any reduction
at all in the revenues for the next fiscal year — that is,
until after June 30, 1Q02— and he adds: "A Senator
on the Finance Committee said that it was his impres
sion, from hints offered to him, that when required
to choose between a bill that took off $40,000,000 or
nothing, the Finance Committee decided that it should
be nothing. Then the pressure of beer men and
ether interests to be taken care of by the Senate has
made it difficult to report the bill as passed by the
House."
The reason given foi the delay on the part of the
Senate is that the administration is unwilling to lose
so large a portion of the war revenue as the House
bill surrenders. It will be remembered that Secretary
Gage recommended a reduction of $30,000,000, or $10.
000,000 less than the reduction proposed by the
House. Some members of the Senate committee, it
is said, will favor reductions not exceeding those ad
vised by the Secretary of the Treasury; while others,
who are willing to go as far as the House went in the
way of reducing taxes, are opposed to the way in
which the reductions were made and will insist upon
changing the House bill with respect to many im
portant items.
When the reduction bill went up from the House
:i was at once refe-red to the Senate Committee oil
Finance, and there it has been held ever since. The
Washington correspondent of the American Econo
mist says it is understood to be the purpose of the
Senate committee to make such radical changes" in
the measure that the Ways and Means Committee of
the House which framed the bill will not recognize
it when it comes back from the Senate.
THE SENATE AN J THE WAR TAXES.
WHEN the House of Representatives revised
the war revenue act and reduced the taxes im
posed by it to an amount estimated at $40,000,
000 a year there was general gratification throughout
the country. It now appears, however, that the Sen
ate is not likely, to approve so great a reduction in
revenue, and a prolonged contest on the subject may
take place between the two Houses.
MO girl ever showed her love In more
graceful or nobler fashion than di<l
winsome Margaret Cole for tha
dashing lieutenant whose bride she
became on Wednesday last. Lieu
tenant Crlmmlns comes from a
ramily that for. many generations has
loved and stood by the church of Rome.
Marparet Cole knew this and so. wish
ing. to show her respect for the church of
the man she roved, she decided to become
a Catholic. No one prompted the tender,
loving girl. The act was entirely of her
own volition. Howeve-, when the rela
tives In New York heard that their loved
one was to be united to a girl whose
church was their church they were more
than pleased. If you listen to those who
know, you will learn that Margaret Cola
has made the' most brilliant match" or
many seasons. The name of Crimmina
pere. they claim, is good for a round ten
millions on 'Change. Lieutenant Crim
mins is nof an only child, but he is a
favorite one, and. anyway, ten* millions
can stand several divisions.
I think that the Cole-Crimmins wed
ding gave Peter Martin his first great les
son and showed him that his will must
now and then give way to another's. It
was this way: All the young folks at the
wedding took a hand in decorating the
bride and groom's carriage. Slippers,
white satin ribbon, confetti and a splen
did supply of rice did the business in •%.
most effective way. Crimmlns suspected
that such a thing might happen and took
means to circumvent the merry younar
people. Two blocks down the street wa3
his own private carriage, spick and, span
and neat and in the charge of his own
man. Martin got an inkling of thi3
change of carriages, and when the first
vehicle was put in a condition to adver
tise its occupants he started down the
street to. pay a similar attention to the
other one. But he never even tied a
satin slipper to the lieutenant's own car
riage. He found himself checkmated by
the lieutenant's man, whom neither tips
nor entreaties could move, and so ¦was
forced to return and use his extra sup
ply of shoes and rice in pelting the de
pa s "'" ""*- ... • .
A pretty token of friendship was that
which the Jolliffe girls offered to their
most intimate girl friend. Lieutenant
Crlmmins' fair young bride. They did
every bit of the decorations for her wed
ding, and did it In a fashion to turn every
professional decorator green with envy.
Everybody always knew that the Joll fl-3s
were artistic, but that they could rear
so graceful a bower as the one beneath
which their friend plighted her troth
well, it needed demonstration to be cred
ited. It was not only in the artistic ar
rangement that the girls showed to the
best advantage. Their mingling of colors
was superb. The wedding bell which
swung airy and graceful above the new
ly wedded couple was a thing of rare
beauty, while the arrangement of the
long-stemmed American Beauties that
;eemed to spring from every nook and
corner was a distinct artistic achleve-
It is no longer trie-thing for swell brides
and grooms to spend the honeymoon in
the land of orange blossoms. "Going
south for the bridal trip" is altogether a
thing of the last century. Going south
became too general,. and that la what
killed It. Now that the orange and lemon
groves are tabooed Del Monte has again
sprung into favor. Senor and Mrs. Roble
do were the first bridal couple, to turn
their happy faces toward Monterey, and
they were promptly followed by Lieuten
ant and Mrs. Crlmmins. In the last few
years one niet mostly tourists at Del
Monte." Now, however, that the newly
¦wed have turned to it gay times may
come to the watering place once more.
SOCIETY:
MOST GRACEFUL ACT
OF A SOLDIERS BRIDE
BY SALLY SHARP.
While in our democratic philosophy we hold there
is no essential difference between royal blood and
common blood, we cannot be indifferent to the fact
that high station gives to personal influence a far
reaching power that affects the minds of men who
are not by any means directly subject to the rule of
that person. Victoria, from the greatest throne on
earth, has affected society wherever civilization exists.
Consequently we in America have lost something in
the passing of a woman whose influence has been so
helpful and so yood, and may well share in the sor
row of her people.
Arnericans cannot understand the loyalty which
from British hearts c oes out so abundantly to their
sovereign, and which has been toward Victoria inter
fused with feelings of reverence for her pure woman
hood manifested at every period of her career, and
of love for that motherly quality which in later years
has shown itself in her dealings with her people. Her
death is going to be mourned with a profounder
sorrow than has ever attended the death of any other
sovereign since the world began. It is going to be
felt as a personal loss in homes all over the globe,
from the frozen wilds of Northern Canada, through
out India and tropic islands, in the East and the West
Indies, southward to the far stations where the British
banner flies from posts almost within the sweep of the
Antarctic Circle.
Such being the case, it is natural the people of
the wide-spread empire of Great Britain should look
upon the Victorian era with the proudest patriotic
gratification, and note every sign of its passing with
more than ordinary sorrow. The greatest era in
British history virtually began with Victoria's reign
and will close with the closing of that reign. The
passing away of the great sovereign Queen and
Empress corresponds so closely with the passing of
British supremacy in the world that the one event
can hardly fail to appear a symbol of the other.
place among the nations.
When the last guns fired on the field of Waterloo
scattered the final rally of Napoleon, Great Britain
stood not only victor on the field but as the great
est of the 'nations of Europe. At that moment of
supremacy the British people had the wisdom to usa
their energies and their power for commercial and in
dustrial enterprises rather than for military under
takings. In a comparatively short time they made
their country the foremost manufacturing nation on
the globe, and their proud claim upon the empire of
the seas was justified by their commerce even more
than by their navies. Thus Great Britain advanced
from a European to a "world power," and during th?
whole of the Victorian era she^has held the foremost
place among the nations.
Signs and portents along the horizon all around
the globe and visible from every point of vjew give,
warning to the British that their supremacy is about
to end. They will doubtless be absolutely more rich
and more powerful :n the future than in the past,
for they are not by any means a decadent people;
but their rivals in the United States and in Russia,
and also in Germany, are growing faster than them
selves. In a time not far distant supremacy in Europe
will pass to Germany, dominion in Asia will be ;n
the hands of Russia, and the empire of the seas will
be controlled in war and in commerce by ships that
bear the banntr of the United States.
It is true that the past century was in its thirty
seventh year when Victoria ascended the throne, but
those early years constituted a period of reaction
from the strenuous Napoleonic wars, and were not
strongly marked by that tremendous human move
ment which distinguishes the nineteenth century. a f ter
the civilized nations had recovered from the effects
of the old wars and started forward on the path of
utilitarianism, guided by science and stimulated by
liberty. As a consequence the Victorian era covers
nearly the whole period occupied in bringing about
that vast revolution in commerce, industry, politics
and philosophy which has so materially changed
human conditions as to virtually constitute a new
civilization.
BY a coincidence of some interest the Victorian
era of British history will correspond almost
exactly with the nineteenth, century, and the
era of Edward VII will begin with the twentieth, if,
indeed, the reign of the coming King should prove
long enough and important enough to constitute
an era.
THE VICTORIAN ERfl
esty of one or. more of i the officials. ' Now a secret
examination into a scandal of that kind, whether the.
examination result in a . "whitewash" report or in
the sacrifice of some minor person as a scapegoat,
will not be satisfactory to the public. Upon an issue
of this kind the people have a right to judge for
themselves concerning the innocence or the guilt of
all parties concerned in the administration of the
prison, and consequently they have also the right to
demand a full and open" examination into the whole
THE SAN FIlAycISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 11)01.
MONDAY JANUARY 21, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELSb Proprietor.
Itittn All CeBScnlettioa* U W. E. LEAKE, Mutgtr.
I'lULlt.VTIOX OFFICR...M»rkft and Third. S. **.
Telephone I're*» 201.
CHITOniAL ROOM* 217 «o 221 SteTeBiOB St.
Telephone Pre« 2O2.
D*I!Tcr»«5 ?•*¦ Currier^. IK Onf« Per Week.
5Inrrl*- Copied. B Out".
Term* fcr Mall. Including- Pontacret
©ATL.T CALT. «re»aatnr Fnnday), one year V *8.«J
I>An.T CALt, rincludinr Sunday). « months 1.09
PAILT CAti. (Including Sunday). I month* l.K>
X>ATT,Y CALJj— By Flr.ple Month «*"
fCTCDAT CALU Oa« Tear 1-S>
WEEKLY CALU One Year I.W
All podmailem are nnthnrlied to receive
•ubxcrlptlon*.
ftir.pl* copies will be forwarded irben reqneeted.
Slafi csbeerfb^r* in <r«1»r1sr ohanr* cf *ear+** rrewilil >*
r*rtlcular to five both NEXT AND OLD ADDItESS In order
to :cture a prompt and acrrert compliance with their request.
OAKXA.VD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE ICROGCT2SS.
Kuipt Tcrrgn Adrtrtitlcg. Ktrfnett* Bslldlag. CMeigt,
(Lore Distance Telephone •'Central t619.">
JCEW TORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C CAHl/rOX nerald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tXEPnCV 11. SMITH SU Tribune Dnlldlns
NEW TORK KEWS BTAND8:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. n Union Square;
Ifumy 11IU UoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eberman Houre: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fmncnt Bouse: Auditorium Hotel.
.VTASBIKCTOV O>. C> OFFICB....14M O St.. 7f. W.
11OBTOS 1Z. CHAXF!. Correspondent.
BRAXCn OFFICES—- WT Montgomery, ccrn*r it Clar, op***
orrt'l S:Sft o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until t:SO o'clock. €33
MeAUlrter. open until »:S0 o'clock. SIS Larkln, open until
t:rt) o'clock. IMl Mission, open until IB o'clock. »61 Market.
ccrner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1C94 Valencia, opea
cr.tl! • o'clock. IOC Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. oor
oer Twer.ty-eecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
• * •
• •
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Olurr.r>'.a— "Way Pown East."
Tlvoli— "The Fencing Master."
Or.tral Theater— "r>arkeet Bussla, **
California — "Burky Phan>."
On>h<-um — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Moth and the name."
Alhatnbra — "The Star Boarder."
Alcazar — "S»-e«"t I^avender."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy etreets^ — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ercr.lne.
FiWfcer's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temrl« — I>^ture by Rev. Peter C Torke,
Thurf'Say evfr.in*. February 7.
Tsnforan Park— Races to-day.
AUCTION SAXES.
By A- TT. Locd^back— This day. at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m..
Oriental Ru«rs. at SW. corner G»ary and Stockton streets.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil is one of the principal
means of cure.
There are other helps: dry
air,- sunshine, country, sleep,
regular habits, right clothing.
» WTWusirft IWBWW— nr- • 0
The people don't know it
yet. They have been told;
but they don't believe it ; they
don't act on it.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSUMPTION
is almost as deadly as ever, al-
though physicians know they
can cure it generally, beginning
when most of the lungs are
still sound, and even some-
times when a great deal of
damage is done.
The Chicago Man— That lady over thera
is from Chicaeo. Her foot ia used as a
model.
The St. Louis Man— Model of what— a
gunboat? — Tonkers Statesman.
Gas Consumers' Association. 344 Post at.. r+-
duces ft* bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas aad
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to.*
Th© Fair Northerner— I think It's per-
fectly barbarous the way people are
lynched around here.
Southerner — I think s» myself, ma'am,
but after the last lynchln'. when I sug-
gested that we chip In an' buy an electric
chair, the boys darn near lynched me!—
Puck. ' • -J
Tha reir Santa F» train known as tia Cali-
fornia J-itznUed affords service very much gape.
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. •
New Santa Fe Train.
Choice candles. Townsend'n.Paiac* Hotel.*
¦ ? •
"Wllgus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 2406. «
Best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 40c. Look
out for 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. «
ToTnj»end*s California glace fruits. 50c 9.
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern mend*.
(33 Market Rtreet. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tQQ
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-*
gomery Bt. Telephone Main 1042. ••• No extra • chargiftAis made* for riding on the
California ; Limited- of ;the Santa Fe, although
th»; superiority • of the service ;ls really, worth
some thing more. v " •
California Limited.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Jan. 20.—Con
rress has -approved . the Budget'-* for the
present year, amounting ' to ' 115,000,00.)
pesos. . 7 <v< . • ¦
New Budget for Chile.
Mrs. Apple Lunstedt, district deputy
grand president, assisted by Mrs. C.
Boldemann and Anna Betkowskl. In
stalled the -officers of Calaveras Parlor of
Native Daughters in Native Sons' build
in? Friday nicht in the presence of many
of the members and a large number of In
vited guests. After the Installation Miss
Frank, the retiring president, was pre
pented a token of appreciation arid esteem
in the Bhape of a diamon(\and ruby mar
quise riner, after which Miss Sophie Struss.
on behalf of the parlor, presented a beau
tifully decorated chocolate set to the In
stalling otticer.
In thp same building there was a pub
lir installation of the officers of Oro Fine
Parlor. N. D. G. "W.. in their hall. The
installing officer was Mrs. Mary Meyer,
D. D. G. P., assisted by Mrs. Isabel
Pomeroy. Miss Eliza D. Keith, Miss Dolly
Kradley and Mrs. Aigeltinger. After tho
installation retiring President Alice
Croney was made the recipient of a beau
tiful pin-a diamond solitaire, surrounded
with Oriental pearls— a token of the
friendship of the members for her. An
iir.mfnpe bouquet of Russian violets was
presented to the installing officers, after
which then* was an entertainment and
refreshments.
Native Daughters Installed.
Destroyed by Fire.
CHICAGO. Jan.. 20.— The" Oakdale ele
vator," at Nineteenth ; street and Harvard
avenue.' ¦ was destroyed by flre to-nlarht.
Loss, 550,000. - ¦¦¦.;¦-¦ ¦¦¦¦-• ¦-. - "~ •-¦¦'¦
. It is said that for a long time the North
western has been working to secure full
claim to the Omaha, but. the questions of
stock transfers haa been a stumbling
blocks Now, \ Inasmuch as the common
stock: of the two roads are drawing near
er, each | other • in .value, it* Is believed that
the necessary transfers can be made sat
isfactorily. • :-. . - ':¦* ¦¦'.';'!'¦'¦.¦¦ " : ' ¦¦¦ ,-'¦. ¦,"¦; - s , L ,,.':
It ; Is said that the Northwestern hold-
Ings of Omaha stock are 53.800 shares of
preferred and 93.200 shares of common. At
current' quotations the; 147,000 shares are
valued at $21,850,000. ...
CHICAGO, Jan. 2O.-Final negotiations
for the complete absorption of the Chi
cago. St. Paul, -Minneapolis and Omaha
line by the Chicago and Northwestern
Company, it Is reported, are being carried
on in New York,: the home of the ruling
powers behind the Northwest' rn sysiem.
Since 1SS2 the Northwestern has controlled
the Omaha, which has a trackage of 1537
miles. •^PMUiMWu'ii'BS^, '; . ..'¦.; . ,'-.-..
the Chicago, St. Paul and
Omaha Line.
NEGOTIATE TO ABSORB
BIG B.AIXWAY SYSTEM
Chicago and Northwestern to Taks in
Domestic loans are strong 1 . The Bava
rian loan was a great step and lower sub
scriptions have been so heavy that the al
lotments will be of tho smallest amount.
BERLIN. Jan. 20.— Business on, lh<?
Bourse during the week was stagnant,
but prices were firmer. Outsiders show
less Inclination to sell shares and the vol
ume of business has ounk to low propor
tions.
T.OXDOX. Jan. 20.— The stock market
managed to get through the settlement
more comfortably than had been expected.
While more time than usual was required
to arrange the heavy accounts few peo
ple had believed that few defaults woulJ
occur. Prices were very irregular. Con
sols closed at 96%, this being lower than
they had been since 1892. Americans were
unsettled and distinctly lower owlne to
realizations, but thev closed above the
worst 'figures. St. Paul and Denver pre
ferred fell one point, Northern Pacific
three-quarters and Southern Pacific live
eighths. Union Pacific rose three-eiKhths
and Reading firsts one-half. Minus
showed siens of recoverv Saturday.
nant, but Prices Remain Much
Firmer.
Business on the Berlin Bourse Stag-
MARKET SHOWS BETTER
TONE THAN EXPECTED
The pressure has risen slightly over the Pa
cific elope and fallen over the southern pla
teau region.
Cloudy weather prevails generally over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Light
rain has fallen throughout California and
Southern Oregon and rain or snow in Western
Nevada.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in all district*.
Conditions are favorable for rain in Cali
fornia Monday.
Forecast ma<l« at San Francisco for thirty
hours endinjf midnight, January 21. 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy, with rain Mon
day; fresh southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy, with rain Mon
day; light southerly wind.
Nevada— Rain or snow Monday. ¦
Utah— Cloudy Monday, with snow In the
mountains.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday, with snow in the
mountains of the north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, with
rein Monday: lljcht to fresh southerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
50: minimum, 46; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
SANTIAGO DB CUBA, Jan. 20.— This
section is now': suffering from the severest
cold. known here for years. Much distress
has been caused among the natives, 5 who
are ; entirely without . protection ] from the
flteors of the climate. .. ~ •
Ta. telephonic message from the Guaya
mas mine,; forty miles. west, reports snow
onthe summit of xdount Torquino. at an
altitude of 8000 feet. > Telegraphic reports
from the north -coast say. that a . severe
norther Is raging and that shipping Is de
layed.- " / .
Natives, Who Are Without
. Protection.
Much Distress Caused Among the
SANTIAGO SUFFERING
FROM COLD ' WEATHER
NEW YORK. Jan. 20. — AcceDtanca of
40 cents on tho dollar by th« creditors of
W L Strong is recommended by the ad
visory committee appointed to inquire into
the affairs of the firm of which tho former
Mayor was the principal member.
The book accounts, the cash In the
bank the various clalma represented Dy
note the interest in mills now in operation
and an insurance policy on the life of a
debtor foot uj> S7SI.U0. The liabilities,
which include secured and unsecured
creditors, are 781.415, leaving an actual de
noit of $305. .
The Indorsement of Stott'a notes for
more than . $1,000,000 was the chief cause
of the failure of the former Mayor's flnn.
mendation That th: Offer Ba
•-¦: ' ' " Accepted.
Advisory Committee Makes Recom-
STRONG'S CREDITORS WILL
GET FORTY PEE. CENT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Tb© State De
partment has received a cablegram from
Commercial Agent Greener at Vladi
vostok to the effect that the- customs
tariff which it had been proposed to Im
pose at that port will not take effect for
the present. According to an imperial de
cree, the free ports of Siberia were to be
closed this month, but the municipal au
thorities united with the leading mer
chants in a petition to the Russian Min
ister of Finance to kt-ep the ports open,
with the results here stated.
Vladivostok.
Kussia Will Not Impose Customs at
NOT TO CLOSE FORTS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The Nova
Scotia coal strike Is made the subject of
an interesting- report to the Department
of "State by Commercial Agent Beutel
spatcher at Houston. The miners, It is
said demand a 12 per cent increase from
the first of the current year, with a still
further raise in their wages of 10 per
cent to take effect the first of April next.
Twelve hundred miners are on a strike
at Thorburn. Westvllle and Stellarton,
and It is feared that the strike will tie
up the railways connected with the mines
and Fcrrona. It is feared that the 3000
employes of the Cape Breton Company
may be Induced to strike also, in which
case a serious coal famine In Nova Scotia
undoubtedly would ensue. Coal for gen
eral consumption has not been so scarce
In the maritime provinces and Newfound
land for many years.
comes V«ry Scarce in Maritime
Provinces and Newfoundland.
Product for General Consumption Be-
COAIi FAMINE CAUSED
BY MINEES' STRIKE
Mrs. David Dent, Wife of a Saloon.
Keeper, Gashes Scalp of
William Roberts.
With a heavy oaken chair Mrs. David
Dent, the wife* of a saloon-keeper at 26
Steuart street, last night attacked Wil
liam Roberts, cook of the ship Condor,
in the family flat nt 2004 Leavenworth
street, near Union. Roberts la in the Re
ceiving Hospital with five ugly scalp
wounds on his head and Mrs. Dent Is
Buffering from nervous prostration.
Roberts says he arrived here a few days
apo and went to Dent's saloon. He ex
pected to be paid off on Saturday, but
the ghost failed to perambulate. Dent
knowing, he says that there was enough
coming to make nis board good. Invited
him to his house with the understandinn
that plumduff, lobdeoupe and other deli
cacies would be evolved from the sea
cook's fertile brain.
Mrs. Dent says she was lylnpr 111 In. bed
and that Roberts went to her room. She
raised an outcry and then used the chair
with telling effect. It did not take long
for her to notify her husband, call the
police and have Roberts sent away In a
patrol wagon. If Dent and his wife agree
upon the charge to be put against Roberta
he may be prosecuted.
SHIP'S COOK ATTACKED
BY WOMAN WITH CHAIR
¦ NOTE — In tha above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
d»y tn the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 20-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared -with those of tame date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hcurs: ,
MONDAY. JANUARY 21
Sun rises ":22
Sun. sets 5:20
Moon sets 6:56 p. m.
Unitrd States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort l'olnt, entrance to San
FrancUco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
bright of tide la the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SAIL.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— ine Senate
Finance Committee was In session the
greater part of to-day making an effort
to complete consideration of the war rev
enue reduction bill In order to be able to
present Its report to-morrow. Ii did not
Bucceed, but the work was so nearly com
pleteu that it Is believed one or two more
meetings will suffice for that purpose.
There are still many Items of the bill
which have not been finally passed upon,
but all of them have been so completely
canvassed that there will not be great
difficulty In reaching- a conclusion. The
committee is still withholding official an
nouncement of its proceedings from the
public, but some facts concerning Its con
clusions are known. It Is not probable
that there will be a very much greater
total reduction than was made by the bill
as it passed the House, but the reduction
will be differently distributed. .The most
important conclusion reached is to re
duce from 19 to 9 cents the tax on tobac
co. There is also to be a reduction of the
tax on Jtigars and snuff. The House left
all these articles untouched. The Senate
committee's decision as to those articles
will reduce the revenue receipts about $10,
000.000. This reduction will be made up
by declining to accept all the House re
ductions. Consequently all the articles
from which the House took off all the tax
will be given half the former rate by the
Senate committee.
It is probable that on proprietary arti
cles, the formulae of which Is public, the
tax will be entirely removed, while upon
those, the formulae of which is secret, the
tax will be retained entirely. The tax on
steamship tickets will be reduced. The
tax on steerage tickets will be removed
entirely. The tax on stock transfers prob
ably will be continued on the par value of
the shares as at present, but this matter
has not been definitely passed upon.
The members of the committee express
the opinion that to place the tax upon the
selling value of stocks would be an invi
tation to fraud. The beer tax has been
discussed at considerable length, but no
absolute decision has been reached. The
present tendency is to leave the rate as
fixed . by the House. The tax on tele
grams also remains undecided. Some of
the members have made an effort to- have
the law amended so as to reduce the tax
to a half-cent >, per message, but to make
the • telegraph companies pay it. This
proposition has not been accepted In Ita
entirety, but the reduction seems prob
able. v
The form of the bill will be altered ma
terially. ,
Possible Change Relative to
Stamps Required on
Telegrams.
MAY PLACE TAX
ON THE COMPANY
If then the word "hero" means an Ideal j
being of imaginary perfections, we may
admit at once that Shakespeare has no
heroes. And this is. the meaning that
Ruskin seems to attach to It. But the
word Is really the equivalent of the Latin
"vir," and means, first of all, a man. .Not
that every man was a hero, even in the
beginning. Only for freeborn men. for
men worthy of honor, especially for war
riors, is the word used by Homer. Later
.generations came to attach to this word
"a connotation of superhuman, or seml
dlvtne. humanity, ana this unreal aspect
has made Itself apparent from time to
time in literature, notably in such figures
as Sir Galahad to the Grail romances, in
the superhuman characters of Dryden s
so-called heroic plays. In Sir Charles
Grandison and his limitless progeny In fic
tion. But the true sense of the word re
mains to-day very near what It was in
Homer's time— a hero is a man remark
able Tor bravery or greatness of soul a
man admired and venerated for his noble
qualities.
Now, Shakespeare is our greatest poet,
perhaps also our greatest thinker and
teacher. It would be a terrible testimony
against humanity if his eye, sweeping all
the varied ways of men. found no hero in
them all. But what reader of Shakespeare
cannot call to mind name after name of
men remarkable for bravery and great
ness of soul? And our task now is not so
much to demonstrate that there are he
roes in Shakespeare as to consider the
qualities that make these men heroic. .
In Shakespeare's earliest plays we flnn
no truly- heroic figures. There Is Indeed,
no place for them In such light and grace
ful work as "Love's Labor'3 Lost and
"Two Gentlemen of Verona." or In the,
rude and unformed h.storles that deal
with the wars of the roses. In "Richard
III" the whole interest of the dramatist
is centered en the great central figure of
the usurping King. To have made a hero
of Richmond, his antagonist, would have
distracted too much the attention of the
1 reader and marred the unity of the play.
Romeo is an unformed youth, possessing
indeed some of the noblest qualities —
bravery courtesy, fidelity to a friend, pas
sionate devotion to a mistress— but he has
not the power to fuse these qualities into
a whole of heroic manhood, and through
out the play he is the sport of an un
kindly fate. It is not until we reach the
best If not perhaps the latest, play of the
first period that we meet the first of
Shakespeare's heroes— Duke Theseus of
I "Midsummer Night's Dream."
I Theseus Is Shakespeare's study of the
I hero in repose. He does little in the play.
i but he is much. Around him cluster all
the figures of the action— Oberon and Tita
1 nla have come from fairyland to honor his
nuptials, the rude mechanic crew of
Athens strain their poor abilities to pleas
ure him and the destinies of the mortal
lovers hang upon his words. And he is
worthy of his place, a noble lover, a just
judge a kindly ruler over his people. He
has the large utterance of the antique
world— calm, self-possessed, incapable of
meanness. His character seems to have
haunted the mind of Shakespeare, for he
returned to it in the last years of his life.
In the "Two Noble Kinsmen" the "same
kindly and knightly Duke Theseus rises
before us, a stronger and a more heroic
figure. In the larger canvass of the later
drama, there Is room for the display of
qualities only guessed at in the earlfer.
and we find here, not a portrait of the
hero in repose, but a splendid presentment
of the hero in action, the warrior vrho
fights to redress not only his own wrongs
but another's, the victor who pours balm
into the wounds of his enemies. 'the calm
arbiter between the fury of contending
rivals. And the deeper note, which runs
through all Shakespeare's latest work, of
reverent wonder at the mysteries of life
is not lacking in this just and gentle fig
ure. It Is no mere soldier or man of the
world who winds up the tragic tale of
Palomon and Arclte with the address to
the gods that Shakespeare has put into
the mouth of Theseus.
Shakespeare's next hero is cast in a very
different mold, "the pattern of a perfect
.If an essay on this subject were to be
written by a devout believer in the gos
pel according to Ruskin it would be as
short as the famous chapter on "Snakes
In Ireland." "Shakespeare has no heroes,"
says the great apostle of the beautiful;
"he has only heroines."
There Is Indeed a certain grain of truth
in this statement, as there is In all that
Ruskin says. Shakespeare's men lack the
ideal beauty of his womankind- They are
more faulty in manners and In morals,
more prone to error and to misdoing. But
their very faults testify to their human
ity. Shakespeare, 'it would seem, was more
Interested in men than in women. He
studied them more closely and drew their
portraits with more scrupulous care for
reality. Shakespeare's men are the pro
duct of his Imagination working upon the
materials afforded him by H'e; his women,
with some few exceptions, are the crea
tures of his free Imagination.
SAVED BY SALT TREATMENT.
HAMILTON. Ohio. Jan. 20.— Marcus
Sauer. the man afflicted with dropsy, who
was revived after apparent dissolution by
the Injection of a solution of sodium
chloride on January 11, is still alive. Since
his resuscitation he has steadily gained in
vibor and the acute symptoms of hU
dropsical affliction are disappearing.
There Is every prospect that Sauer*» Ilia
will be prolonged for some time.
Note— This study by Dr. T. SI. Parrott
of Princeton University will be concluded
on Thursday next.
English warrior." Falconbrtdge in "Kins
John" is as true an Englishman as The
seus is a Greek of the heroic age— a good.
blunt fellow, somewhat reckless at first of
nice points of honor, preferring to be
called, as in the truth he la, the son of
Coetir de Lion than to enjoy the broad
lands of his reputed father. He 13 very
much a man of this world, ready to
play his part in the hurly-burly and rise
to honor In the exchange of blows. There
la a iough but wholesome humor in his
broad jests, a grasp of the realities of
life in his counsel to the wrangling kings,
an honest , scorn of the- hypocrisy that
masks its 'own self-interest under tha
cloak of charity. Honest, manly qualities. .
but If these were all, hardly enough to
make a hero. But as the action of tho
play grows darker and more bloody his
nobler qualities come to light. His loyalty
and his tender pity shine out like stars
against the gloomy blackground of tha
cruel cowardice of his king and the shift-
Ing faith of the English nobles. For an
Instant even his quenchless courage fal
tera over the sight of Arthur dead; that
damned and bloody work wrings frura him,
one momentary cry of doubt:
Among the thorns and dancers of this world.
I am amazed, methjnks, and lose my way
But his love of England gulde3 him along
the right path through this labyrinth or"
crime and treachery. He rises to the
height of glory in the darkest hours of his
country's shame, when he spurns the in
glorious league that John has made with,
Rome, pours Into the dastard king soma
portion of his own fiery spirit, and in spita
of spite uphold the day against the invad
ers of France and the revolts of England.
All the Elizabethan daring and defiance,
all Shakespeare's own patriotism and,
pride in England'3 glory ring out In tha
splendid words with which this truly Eng
lish hero sums up the tragic reign and
points his country forward to a dawn of
nobler promise.
Shakes-peare # s most finished picture of
the hero as King has so recently been dis
cussed in these studies that we need not
here do more than call attention ¦ tr>
Henry V as Prince and Klngr. Ru3kln.
In the same passage -where he asserts
that Shakespeare has no heroes, makes
a possible exception in favor of what ha
calls the "slight sketch of Henry V ex
aggerated for the purposes of the stage.'
If enouph had not been said already to
show how far Ruskin errs from tha
truth in his sweeping statement we might
pause here to point out the absurdity of
his styling the character of Henry V.
eo carefully developed through two pla>-3
and expanded in a third, "a slight sketch
—an absurdity only greater than the in
sinuation that a striving after stags ef
fect led Shakespeare tf> exaggerate tho
character of the hero King. As a. mat
ter of fact "Henry X" is one of the least
dramatic of Shakespeare's* plays. The
very perfection of the hero's nature re
moves the possibility of tragic struggle,
and, as has been often pointed out. the
play is rather a dramatized epic than a
drama proper. ... »,.
One Is almost temptM to Include In the
muster roll of Shakespeare's heroes the
name of Benedick. He is "of a noble
strain, of approved valor and confirmed
honesty." He" has the true Shakespearean
worn for shams and affectations. Hla
diatribes against love In the earlier part
of the piay are not s«r> much against the
true passion as against the counterfeit
presentment, against the follies and af
fectations which men practice in tha
r.am** of love. Hls« own sincere affection
for the noble Beatrice is seen from the be
plnninjr struggling against his prejudices
and his fear of a scornful repulse, the
trick by which the two are brought to
pether "is only a part of the comic action
of the play— the real bond of their union
Is their common sympathy for a slandered
lady When Hero's lover deserts her at
the altar, when her credulous father
pours out reproaches upon her shame.
Benedick alone of the men who gather
round refuses to believe the story of her
guilt His quick wit suspects the source
of slander and his true heart accepts thn
solemn asseveration of Beatrice as proof
conclusive of her cousin's innocence. Once
satisfied of the justice of his cause, his
way Is clear; he breaks with his former
friends and challenges Claudlo with a
fixed composure that only half conceals
the horest anger of his heart. AH the
world knows how the slander is revealed
and the duel averted, and all the world
feels sure that had It come to blows Ben
edick -would have carved his petulant,
boyish adversary like the veriest capon
ever served upon a Prince's table. There
is something unsatisfactory to the mod
ern miml In the patched-up marriage of
Claudlo and Hero, the device which makes
"much ado about nothing" of all the
slander and Injured Innocence and noble
resentment of the play, but there la m>
tinge of dissatisfaction In the union of
Benedick and Beatrice. Both brave, both
witty, both generous and sincere, their
earlier reluctance Is a "better pledge of
happiness in marriage than the soon
fired, sooh-quenched passion of Claudio
for his bride.
DENVER. Col... Jan. 20.— Little Eva is
married. She has been srolng to heaven
nightly at the .Denver Theater for the
last week In a blaze of somewhat Inap
propriate red fire, but last night she fell
out with the manager, stern-hearted Si
mon Lepree and refused to make the
trip. Legree decided that in thls-Uncie.
Tom's Cabin Company ' this * Little 'Eva
wag a luxury that could be dispensed
with. So Little Kva.*> whose real name
is Mademoiselle Eileen Marie dePedro
rena of San Franciscoo. married the head
violinist, "who figured in the cake walk,
which is part of the tip-to-date Uncle
Tom show. The violinist is Earl O.:Ew
inp: of Wichita. Kans. .-He "will take his
bride to New York and Simon'Legree will
have to find another Little Eva. •/.";,',
Prominent Msmbers.
Company .Loses Two of Its
Up-to-I>ate "Uncle Tom's Cabin*'
ATLANTA. Ga.. Jan. 20.— X. H. Fraser
of Union Springs, Ala., whose son Bass
was kidnaped several weeks ago while a
student at the technological school here,
has apparently lost $500 by a decoy letter
sent him. Mr.Fraser received a letter stat
ing that if he would place $500 In gold, the
amount he offered for his son. In a. sack
with potatoes and proceed alons: the road
near the United States Federal prison,
ecveral miles from i this city, he would be
met by a negro who would ask: "Massa,
has you got dem potatoes?"
He was to deliver the sack and Its con
tents to the negro and his son would ap
pear at a hotel In this city, looking, for his
father at an early hour Sunday morning.
The letter was signed "Packiird," mailed
in Atlanta dated January .16 and the In
structions were Fpecinc.
Mr. Frascr's son, a brother of the kid
naped boy, carried out the plan to the let
ter, met the negro as arranged and gave
him the money and potatoes Saturday
night. This morning he was at the hotel
mentioned, hut no trace of the boy or the
persons who received the $500 can" be
found. "¦ ":•' -,.', ,
LITTLE EVA WEDDED
TO THE FIRST VIOLIN
Letter.
PAYS RANSOM BUT HIS
SON IS NOT RETURNED
Father of a Kidnaped Boy Iioses $500
by Complying With a Decoy
Sunday. January 20.
Ptnir Columbia, L>oran. 53 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 43 hours.
Strr.r South Coast, Olsen, SS hours from San
Pedro.
Ptmr Alcatraz, Carlsen, 37 hours from £an
Pedro.
Stirr Xavarro, Green, 15 hcurs from Bawens
lAPdirr.
i-tmr Hyades. Garlich, 9S hours from Seattle.
Ptmr Coronado, Johnson. 74 hours from Moss
Landtnr-
Stmr Glrsy, Lfland, 24 hours from Moss
Laruilns.
Stinr Bonlta, Xopander. 60 hours from New
port and way i>ortp.
Slrnr Que<?n. Thomas, 40 hour s from San
Di*K<> end way ports.
Stmr Argo. Olsen, 24 days from Coqullle
River.
Hark Olympic, Glbbs. 19 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Mary C Campbell. * hours from Bodega.
SAILED.
Sunday, January 20.
Stmr 5-anta Ro?a, Alexander. San Diego.
Ptrnr South .Coast, Ols*-n. Eureka.
Stmr Luella. Madsen, Caspar.
Br Ftmr Bristol, Mclntyre. Chemalnus.
Pr bark Melenope, Robinson, Sydney.
Schr J G Wall. Hansen. Eureka.
Schr W F AVitzmann, Daecerwitz, Port Had
lock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 20-10 p m— Weather
cloudy, wind ralm. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOW.N'SESD- Arrived Jan 20— Schr
Okanogan. from Honolulu; ship Standard,
from Honolulu. Sailed outward— Schr J M
Weatherwax, for San Diego. Passed in Jan
20 — Ship Jabpz Howes, from Honolulu; ship
Uerlln. hence Jaj» 12. for Tacoma; Bhip John
C Potter, from Honolulu. Sailed outward —
Schr Sehome, from Vancouver, for Valparaiso.
SAN l'BDRO-Arrived Jan 20—Stmr Samoa,
hence Jan 15.
GRAYS HARBOft-Arrtwd Jan 1»— Bktn
Gleaner, from Honolulu. Palled — Stmr Ful
yon, .tfir San Francisco; echr Esther Buhne,
for San Francisco; stmr Ooqullle River, ¦ for
San Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco.
¦ FORT BRAGG — Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 20— Ship Jabez Howes,
from Honolulu.
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan 20— Br bark Queen
Victoria, from Nagasaki; stmr G W Elder,
hence Jan 38; tug Lome, with barge. Sailed—
IJr ship Scottish Isles, for Queenstown; Btmr
Despatch, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Jan 20— Stmr
Greenwood, from. . Sailed— Stmr Mlneola,
for Nanalmo. '
BANDON. Or.— Arrived Jan 18— Schr Corin
thian, hence Jan 10.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Jan 1&— Stmr
Olympla, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 1*— Br
stmr Cootie, hence Dec 22.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr 1/Aqui
taine. from Havre.
QUEENSTOW.N— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Etru
rla from Liverpool, for New York. Arrived—
Stmr Pervla. from New York, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Nomadic,
from New York; stmr Philadelphia, from New
York.
Shipping Merchants.
ARRIVED.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Bark Mjlanope Sails.
The British bark Melanope sailed for
Sydney, N. S. W.. yesterday. She is the
boat on which Captain Oratgen and a fe
male companion sailed from England for
Australia and from the island continent
went to Panama. At the isthmus the cap
tain died, and u few days after the vessel
got to f=ea the woman passed away. Chief
Officer Green then brought the ship to
San Francisco, where she was sold on
owner's account. She is now flying J. J.
Moore & Co.'s flag.
Michael Walsh ahd Tim Murphy of th«
transport Lawton got into a drunken
quarrel at 22S Brannan street yesterday.
They had been having a good time and
Walsh got quarrelsome. Murphy pulled a
sheath knife and making a lunge at
Walsh cut him from the lip to the eye.
"Walsh was taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where his wound was dressed, while Mur
phy was taken to the Hall of Justice and
charged with an assault to commit mur
der.
Transport Men at War.
Outside of the Olympic there was riot
an arrival of a sailing ship recorded yes
terday. Two schooners were reported but
side last night, but it will be early morn
ing before they make port on the flood
tide. The steamer Coronado was bar
bound for nearly a fortnight at Grays
Harbor, and the Xavarro and AJcatraz.
that had to stand off shore when the jrale
came up. both made up for lost time when
there was a smooth «en.
The four-masted bark Olympic arrived
from Honolulu- yesterday after a run of
nineteen days. There, -was considerable
betting along the front over a race be
tween the Olympic, the four-masted
schooner Rosamond and the bark Mauna
Ala. Two days ago the Rosamond was
reported "arrived." but it turned out that
the schooner spoken was the Lottie Ben
nett, so the Olympic has won the race.
Strange to say, the captain of the bark
reports nothing but light winds and calms,
while along the coast a storm of hurricane
force has raged for nearly a month.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
The Labor Council convened In extra
session >esterday afternoon and declared.
a boycott against certain store? proprie
tors who have persistently refused to
comply with the requests of the Retail
C'erks" I'nion and grant their employes
shorter hours. Since the crusade for
shorter hours was Inaugurated the ma
jority of clothing stores have agreed to
close. Only a few now remain open and
it is against these that the boycott is
launched. This action on the part of the
union has been impending for a number
of days. On Friday a meeting was h?ld
and the proprietors were sent warning
that they must accede or the union Tien
would be forbidden to patronize their
stores. The offending proprietors claim
that compliance means Irreparable injury
to them, inasmuch as the greater part of
their bUFiriess is transacted after the clos
ing hour, prescribed by the union.
Boycott Declared.
The committee was allowed until Sun
day next to complete the constitution and
by-laws.
The matter of initiation fees also pro
voked a lengthy argument. It was finally
decided to place the charter fees at $5
for each union in the organization.
The committee appointed to draft a
constitution and by-laws for the govern-
Tnent of the City Front Federation, which
embraces all the trades and crafts di
rectly connected with the shipping inter
ests of the port, made a progressive re
port yesterday afternoon* to the general
body. The committee report was the
subject of four hours' discussion, the
principal matter of debate being the sec
tion relating to the representation to be
given each organization in the federa
tion.
It was the opinion of the majority of
the members of the committee that there
should be a system of proportionate rep
resentation. They recommended that
each organization be allowed one repre
sentative in the federation and one ad
ditional representative for each 100 mem
bers or fractional part less than 100,
providing, however, that no society be
entitled to more than ten representatives.
This part of the report was strongly ob
jected to by the majority of, the delegates
present. They argued that there should
not be any discrimination In the matter
of representation in the federation. It
was the opinion of the majority that each
organization should ha.ve .the same rep
resentation. It was contended that large
orpanlzatior.s. like the Sailors' Union,
would be entitled to ten representatives,
while some of the unions embraced in the
federation would not be entitled to more
than two delegates under the proportion-
U system. The opponents of the system
argued that if it was adopted there would
always? exist the danger of two or more
large organizations combining and over
riding the wishes of smaller unions. After
a discussion lasting over two hours it
was decided to amend the committee re
port In that respect and give each organ
ization three delegates, irrespective of
the membership of the unions. v
Majority of Delegates Strongly Op
poses Any Action That Savors
of Discrimination in,
Representation.
City Front Federation Al
lows Each Society Three
Representatives.
UNIONS GIVEN
EQUAL FOOTING
"With Senate Amendments.
WASHINGTON, Ian. 20.— The House
will devote most of its attention durin?
the coming week to appropriation bills,
most of them for the District of Columbia,
fortifications, naval, oostofflce and ag
rucultural departments being ready for
consideration. At the outset, however,
there will be day or two given to other
measures having right of way.
.The army reorganization bill will be re
ported back promptly from the Committee
on Military Affairs, probably to-morrov;,
and sent to conference with a general dis
agreement to all Senate amendments. It
may be reported back durinp the latter
part of the week and a sharp contest 13
promised, Richardson of Tennessee, the
minority leader, having Intimated that
there will be a discussion of each para
graph.
The Distlct of Columbia is entitled to
to-morrow and will soek to hold the day
to the consideration of local measures.
The bulky postal codification bill Is als.->
before the House as a continuing order
and will require mucn of the time not
given to appropriation bills. Efforts an*
making to have the bill to promote the
efficiency of the revenue cutter service
made a special order for Tuesday.
The appropriation bills above referred
to will consume the time during the rest
of the week, except Friday, which Is pri
vate pension day, and Saturday, when eu
logies to the memory of the" late Senator
Gear of Iowa will be pronounced.
Report on' Army Bill Will Disagree
Renewed efforts will be made Monday or
Tuesday in executive session to secure
the confirmation of J. S. Harlan as At
torney General for Porto Rico and also
to secure ratification of the treaty with
Spain for the cession of the remaining
islands of the Philippine group.
WORK BEFORE THE HOUSE.
Morgan has not indicated his purpose
with reference to the Nicaragua canal
bill, but his friends say that he will de
lay a reasonable time and that if England
does not act upon the amendments to the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty he then will, move
consideration of the canal bill.
Aldnch, chairman of the Finance Com
mittee, probably will report the war rev
enue reduction bill on Tuesday and he
will ask immediate consideration for that
measure. The rulea of the Senate give
preference to revenue bills, as they do to
appropriation bills, and no order- of th*
Senate will be necessary to make a place
for that bill. It is not probable that any
effort will be made to displace appropria
tion bills with that measure, but all Sen
ators seem united in the opinion that it
necessarily must become a law during the
session, and if there should be an oc
casion when it woui'I be necessary to de
cide between it an.l some bill other than
an appropriation bill the preference al
most certainly would be given to the rev
enue bill. Ine present impression, how
ever, is that this bill will be soon disposed
of. Democratic Senators probably will
make an effort to secure additional reduc
tions, but falling in this will vote for the
bill. The pension and military academy
appropriation bills are also on the calen
dar and will receive early attention. The
Indian appropriation bill will be reported
early in the week, but will not be pressed.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The Senate
will take up the legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill Monday as soon
as possible after convening. There is lit
tle in the bill that ordinarily would create
debate, but it does not seem improbable
that several days may be required to act
on it because of the desire on the part
of some Senators to postpone considera
tion of the ship subsidy bill as long- as
possible. The shipping bill will be made
the unfinished business whenever, in the
opinion of the friends of that measure, it
is wise to give it that place: but in view
of the fact that it will be displaced by
appropriation bills whenever Senators in
charge of these measures. desire to take
them up, it is probable that the motion to
give the bill the place of vantage will be
postponed until after the consideration of
the legislative bill. , .
Propose to Consume Time by Debat
ing Sections That Ordinarily
-" /," 'Would Be Disposed Of
Very Quickly.
Certain Senators May Pro
long Action on Appro
- priation Measures.
SEEK TO DELAY
SUBSIDY BILL
Qualities of the Men in the Plays of
Shakespeare That Make Those
Characters Heroic.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Four-Masted Bark Gomes in Ahead of
Her Foiir-Masted Schooner Rival
on Run From Honolulu.
OLYMPIC WINS RAGE
FROM THE ROSAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO QALI;, MONDAY, JANUARY «J1, 1901.
Id
XXV.
7
Steamer. Destination. I sail 1. 1 Pier.
Jnnaary 21. I |
Umatllla Victoria & Pgt Sd 11 amlPler 9
Eureka Humboldt u nil Pier \i
Kaimer Seattle & N What. 5 pm Pier • 2
.(an an ry 'Z'Z. i
Bonlta Newport •. 9 ami Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 2
Han Pedro.... Humboldt ..-. 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Argo Coqullle River..... 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
Jannnry 5£."l. • ¦ | •
Columbia.. .. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Queen R« n Diego 0 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney &• Way Pts 9 pmlPler 7
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm|Pier 9
Coronado Grays Harbor S pmlPier 2
Santa Ana... 'Honolulu v. Pj?t Sd 12 m|Pler 2
Arcata Coos Bay \i m Pier li
Jiuionry 24. j
Honpk'g Mar China and Japan.. 1 pmiPMSS
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pnilPler 23
January '2.T,. I
N*>rth Fork... Humboldt .^ 9 amlPier 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
January 20.
State of Cal.. Victoria &. Pgt Sd 11 am Pier 9
XV. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier —
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pmjPler 2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mackinaw...... Seattle .:.. |Jan*21
Arcata Coos Bay |j an , 2 l
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City j an ." 21
Pomona Humboldt Jan" 21
North l<"okk Humboldt j an .' «2
Ftate of Cal Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 24
Fulton Grays Harbor j an , 2'
Tellua Oyster Harbor Jan". 22
Corona Newport Jan" 2*t
Jcanle Seattle j an ' 23
St. Paul Panama 'Jan. U
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 13
Santa Rosa San Dlejro iJan! 24
Eureka Humboldt Jan! M
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan! 24
China China and Japan Jan. 25
G. \V. EMcr.... Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan 23
Carlisle City... China via. Pan Dlefco.. Jan 26
Mexico Mexican Ports ... .. Jan 26
n ITIme Time Time I Time
o I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
J H W L W H W L, Wj
KT.. 0:40 6.1 5:27 2.3 11:30 6.0 6:14* -0.6
22... 1:14 B.3 6:1S 2.1 12:21 5.7 6:53—0.3
23 . 1:49 5.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 5.4 7:34 0.2
24 .. 2:25 5.5 8:OP 1:6 2:14 5.0 8:19 0.7
25 ... 3:03 5.5 9:10 1.3 3:20 4.6 9:09 1.3
23 ... 3:50 5.6 10:17 1.0 4:S!> 4.2 9:58 1.9
27 ... 4:3S 5.7| 11:31 0.7 6:03 3.9 10:56 2.3
Last I This I Last
24 Hours! Season. I Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka
R«d Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Oblnpo..-.
Los Angeles
San Diego
"is
.18
- .25
.0«
.OS
.09
.22
.28.
16.05
10.52
11.85 ¦
7.09 "
4.49
20.9S
8.07
2.73
33.45
14. S3
13.27
14.28
6.13
2.09
12.50
4.57
2.50
n ITIme Time Time I Time
o I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
J H W L W H W L, Wj
KT.. 0:40 6.1 5:27 2.3 11:30 6.0 6:14* -0.6
22... 1:14 B.3 6:1S 2.1 12:21 5.7 6:53—0.3
23 . 1:49 5.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 5.4 7:34 0.2
24 .. 2:25 5.5 8:OP 1:6 2:14 5.0 8:19 0.7
25 ... 3:03 5.5 9:10 1.3 3:20 4.6 9:09 1.3
23 ... 3:50 5.6 10:17 1.0 4:S!> 4.2 9:58 1.9
27 ... 4:3S 5.7| 11:31 0.7 6:03 3.9 10:56 2.3
Last I This I Last
24 Hours! Season. I Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka
R«d Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Oblnpo..-.
Los Angeles
San Diego
"is
.18
- .25
.0«
.OS
.09
.22
.28.
16.05
10.52
11.85 ¦
7.09 "
4.49
20.9S
8.07
2.73
33.45
14. S3
13.27
14.28
6.13
2.09
12.50
4.57
2.50
Steamer. Destination. I sail 1. 1 Pier.
Jnnaary 21. I |
Umatllla Victoria & Pgt Sd 11 amlPler 9
Eureka Humboldt u nil Pier \i
Kaimer Seattle & N What. 5 pm Pier • 2
.(an an ry 'Z'Z. i
Bonlta Newport •. 9 ami Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 2
Han Pedro.... Humboldt ..-. 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Argo Coqullle River..... 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
Jannnry 5£."l. • ¦ | •
Columbia.. .. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Queen R« n Diego 0 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney &• Way Pts 9 pmlPler 7
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm|Pier 9
Coronado Grays Harbor S pmlPier 2
Santa Ana... 'Honolulu v. Pj?t Sd 12 m|Pler 2
Arcata Coos Bay \i m Pier li
Jiuionry 24. j
Honpk'g Mar China and Japan.. 1 pmiPMSS
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pnilPler 23
January '2.T,. I
N*>rth Fork... Humboldt .^ 9 amlPier 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
January 20.
State of Cal.. Victoria &. Pgt Sd 11 am Pier 9
XV. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier —
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pmjPler 2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mackinaw...... Seattle .:.. |Jan*21
Arcata Coos Bay |j an , 2 l
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City j an ." 21
Pomona Humboldt Jan" 21
North l<"okk Humboldt j an .' «2
Ftate of Cal Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 24
Fulton Grays Harbor j an , 2'
Tellua Oyster Harbor Jan". 22
Corona Newport Jan" 2*t
Jcanle Seattle j an ' 23
St. Paul Panama 'Jan. U
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 13
Santa Rosa San Dlejro iJan! 24
Eureka Humboldt Jan! M
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan! 24
China China and Japan Jan. 25
G. \V. EMcr.... Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan 23
Carlisle City... China via. Pan Dlefco.. Jan 26
Mexico Mexican Ports ... .. Jan 26
FHINT1.NO.
EC HUGHES. niB J5SSS75!- fc ».
KADWAI'S ilKADV RE 1*1 Kb' has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO year* a* a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. . Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Palru. All druggists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETING.
9, Inclusive,
Monday. January 21. to Saturday. February
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events, Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third, and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 1, 10:40, 11:30 a, m.. 1. 1:30
and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
Kan Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after the
last race at Intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral specials. Scats In rear cars reserved for
icdu-s and their escorts. Admission ~io course,
including railroad fare, $1.25.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWER. Racing Secretary.
FISCHFRN CONCERT HOUSE
The Ehlrlejrs, Hanlon and ¦ Sinirer. Ida ¦ Ho w-
elU Waterman Sisters. Little Alma" Wuthrlch,
Hal Conlett and Ahern and Patrick.
Reserved . BeaU T^c Matinee Sunday.
Between Hyds
Telephone . Polk 1135.
, SO cts.
Our $5.00 Platss
fit like a glovt.
DR. R. L. WALSfl
813% GEARY STREET
and Lorkln.
PAINLESS
EXTRACTION
WHITE 15H STEAM COAL. SS?&aS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la til* Best Coal la th«
market. Office and Yards — 150 Main street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c g oSr° PARTRIDGE "• S£r u
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First it.. Ban Francisco.
Telephone for Beats-Park a.
AMATEUR NIGHT, TfiORSDAY.
THE ALCEDOS, ORO, BEBNARD
AND ORO, WTLLETTE CHAR-
TERS, DAVE BARTON, MI.IiE.
AIXTEDO, JAMES GODFREY,
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
EVERY AFTEKNOOX AND EVENING.
CHUTES and ZOO
OILS.
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD A 'ELLIS.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phon« Main 1719.
AMUSEMENTS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I 4 C PA VPC * Ct\ EhiPPln* Butcher*. 104
JA5« DU I C3 fit WU- CUT. Tel. Mala 1294.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IROX
J. C WILSON SCO-. TilephonrMala ISM.
jajffTJSEarENTs.
*"T! WO LI*
TO-JS1GHT! MONDATi JANUABT T1ST.
EVSKXKO8 at s. MATINEE BATORDAY at 2.
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION OF
Tv th» Authors or "I^bln HorwJ."
POP"L_\n PRTCi:p.."...T £5 and JO cents
_ Trteqihoct— Bnsh X
A NEW BILL AND THE BEST EVER.
MoxTMAn-rnois rnro. hackku axt»
LKSTEK WARREN AND BLANCIIARD.
6WIGETTE AND OI.ARiC. POHl'MANX
LADIE9* QCARTET. EUOJSXEO'ROURKB
ANI» COUPANT. HILLY LINK. THE
AMERICAN EKHJRAPH AND
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS
Reserved P'-at*. cr»c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs an*1 Vr.x Scats, r>0o.
Matinrrs Wednesday. Saturday and Punday.
TO-NIGHT at 8 sharp,
riF.ST APPEARANCE OF
MRS. FISKE
In the PUy In Four Acts,
BECKY SHARP.
miens c lint It. tsc, »c
Carr1ac<><< at 11 r*. m.
OXLT MATINEE SATtTRPAT.
Alf F!T.'r«r*-"i:! : <". Prop, and Manairer.
PIIONH SOUTH .......: 770
THIS nvrNINT, AT K -.13— MATINEE SAT.,
"THE REAL Kl'N SHOW.**
The H-ipht Murfral Farcc-Com«iy Success.
"THE STAR BOARDER"
of pretty pir!?. XfT music New
Specialties.
EVEXTVO 2*c. r.F>. Sic and 73?
MATINKK ISC. rSc She and 50c
N-~xt fciKiay Aftfrno<in — Dci»«u Harpy Days
With Those Funny Follows,
MURRAY AND MACK
Ati.I Thrir T>'e Company, in
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
' I
THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
™,,,' " WA Y
i.i- ,::::: down
BsL I EAST."
NEXT .MONDAY—
LOUIS JAHESri KATHRYH K1DDER
I\- -A inDSCinCER NIGHT'S DREAM."
G!RAND' OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIS EVENING.
EFFIH BHA1CKON and HHTtnF/RT KEL-
THE MOTH AND THE FLAME
KirFt Time st Popular FYIeea.
5Ce*t Wedr— CHARLES ERIN VCRNER In
"ARKAH NA POGUE."
PBICES-rSkV, V,c. 2.V. BOc
A TV»w Frrmt Rout In Orchestra 75;.
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All Mati-
nees 25e.
Ernnch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Coining — Bernhardt and Coqnelin.
'JJ#V m0* B— > fS! £\ T 3pt tS 1^4 &
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT.
Rearrearance of LI LA. CONVERE
In the New York and London Success,
SWEET LAVENDER
rP.KTTY OOWNS-NEW SCENERY.
ilATINKES FATCP.DAY AND SUNDAY.
FEATS SOW SELLING.
NEXT WEBK-
* 'ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
BES.&SCO akd TH&lLSjfcjtffr
>^ attsrtctmuux
Pfcon«» South. SX'.
SCOW THOBOCaHLT HEATEHWITHSTEAM
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT— Eirry Evening
TIM* \V«k.
MATIN' F!K SATURDAY AND FUND AT.
Ob* of the Oriatjjt FUyc Ever Wri^n with toe plot
n ; £. j:v draws from the ltnd cJ tte K uetriti.
"DARKEST RUSSIA"
A Ft'T-rirjr F«>rW of Intonseiy Dramatic
Fronc« airi Inoi1<>nts, Happily nif-nd^d With
the P.rlphter? <\igir<1y.
A GREAT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
PBirf^ I'^'-ninps 30c. I5c. 2.V. SSo, 5flc
IfllbLJ Ma'1nf-«>s 10c. j.%o Zic
N?xt Week— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
THE PR1S0NJIF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit of ET. JOHN'S PARISH.
CRev. Father Bra<3y, Ilector.)
Thursday Evening,^- 1901,
At S o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Jessie Street*.
TICKETS 10c
R A I f fi f* These hotels pos-
rAI flLr sess the attributes
* J* that to«r«t* and
Onf] travelers appreciate
8"U — central location,
P D A tl n liberal manage-
UR ft It U ment, modern ap-
SjnTPI O pointments a n J
nlHfclOl P crf .« c t cuisine.
' American and Ea-
Sgfl FrgnCJSSO. ropean plans.America's Eastern shore and traveled
rapidly westward, narrowing its track as
it proceeded through New York, Pennsyl
vania. "Ohio. Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Ne
braska and so on to the Rocky Mountains,
where it was nearly lost, appearing In
comparatively few cases when it reached
the Pacific Cpast.
ward until it reaches a point at the Pa
cific. .According: to the latest reports there
are to-day within this -belt 564,000 persons
ill with the grip, and the mortality Is
higher than it has been during any pro
vlous visitation of the disease, says the
New York Herald.
As is usual, the grip began its attack on
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 20.— T. E. Dundon of
Canada broke the mile skating record for
professionals at the rink here to-day
making the distance in 2:41. -J. T. Con
way of Butte, his competitor, made it in
2:46.
New Skating Record.
DENVER. Jan. 20.— George Bick, a
member of the Overland Bowling Club of
this city, bowled 289 in a practice game on
a regulation alley to-day. ' The Overland
team will contest for the State champion
ship with Pueblo next week and were
practicing to-day for that event. .The rec
ord is believed to be the ¦ best ever made
in a regulation game.
Good Bowling.
The Twentieth Century V Club received
word last night from Jim ; Kennedy, ' its
official match-maker, .that a contract. has
been . signed between £ McGovern, repre
sented by Manager Harris, and the Twen
tieth Century Club for a fight in this city
on April 1 30. ¦-'¦<.•¦ . r ' .: V o
The ' terms are not yet known. The
Twentieth -' Century r Club will- look for
Erne for the- match/' ~ .. . ..•'•¦
With the Twentieth Century
Club. '!
His Manager Signs an. Agreement
TERRY McGOVERN WILL
FIGHT HERE IN APRIL
Sunday at Park and Beach.
But few people sought entertainment at
the park and beach yesterday. Those who
did were orderly and hence no accidents
nor arrests were reported during the. day.
Quite a large crowd enjoyed the day at
the Chutes. The results of the contests
at Sutro Baths follow: Fifty-yard race
B. Ward first. J. Do well second; 100
yard dash — J. Hunt first. Tv Rose second;
under-water race— J. Jackson first. T.
Rollans second; tub race— T. Hunter first.
C. • Rohr second; springboard diving— C.
Lewis first, J. Levy second; high-diving—
S. Doyle first. J. O'Connell second. .
Olympic Matches Continue — A Day's
Work at the San Francisco
Club.
The fourth Ferlcs of matches of the
Olympic Club handball tournament was
played yesterday morning and afternoon
before a crowded *rallery. The surprise of
the day was W. Kennedy's defeat of John
Glcason. The score:
It. Bournan 21 21
Tom Walsh 12 g
W. Kennedy 21 2j
Jotn Glcason 7 14
A. Duffy •! 21
Tom Kennedy U jj
George Littlefleld forfeited to Phil Neu
xnan.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following matches were played:
C. Martin and P. McKlnnon....21 ? a n 21
V. Chapman and T. Perry 10 21 1J 21 is
J. J. Kavmnanrti and H. U. Lds»ner...a 21 21
¦\V. Walsh and E. McGlnty 20 is u
W. F. Stapff ana W. Darneal..21 a 13 19* 21
JC. D. CarJisl* and F. V. Stapff.17 1* 21 a 12
D. Connelly and W. TVilliama 21 u a
M. Joyce and M. Basch 1J a 17
E. White and J. Glynn a a IS 16 21
\V. Johnson and O. Green 11 17 a a 20
.W. H. Slcberst and E. J. Murphy.. 21 a a a
XI. Longabach and J. McCarthy 13 1G 20 15
"W. Fisher and It- Harzigan.. ..a 19*a
V>'. Etansr/ury and C. Lakin- IS 21 17
T. Serre* and J. Broyer 21 a a
A. Whlteman and J. Foley ......18 15 13
7. Rlordan and Mldiry 2£&gB!re..21 21 n U 16
J. C Nealon and J. Har low.... U 17 U 21 21
TOURNAMENT PLAY ON
THE TTANDBAIil, COURTS
* * * ¦ * ¦ ¦ ,. . \ '
Harding to her Chicagro home, her hus
band requested her. to sign a mortgage on
a valuable Illinois farm. She refused to
do so because Mr. Hardlnsr's father had
requested that the farm be kept for the
children. He thereupon refused her the
use of the carriages, and asked her to sign
any j number of deeds and mortgages on
property valued at betwee^i $700,000 and
$900,000. She was refused credit at the
stores and the father withheld everything
from the children unless they aided with
him.
Because "she refused to sign the deeds
all the servants but the ¦ washerwoman
were discharged in 1889. and she had to
do $he housework for ten weeks. In three
months she was asked to sign more papers
than in thirty-three years before. r Her
life was made miserable. He drove the
daughter Adelaide away from the house
and denounced her because she sided with
her mother. He called Mrs. Harding a
liar, thief and beggar before the daugh
ters. This incident followed her. visit to
the Mentone flats to see the furniture that
Mr. Harding had imported from Paris for
Mme. von. Louie. The second time she
visited. the flats she was. refused admit
tance. She later saw the Paris furniture
at 3S15 Wabash avenue, where Mme. von
Louie lived. Mrs. Harding had used the
furniture during a year's, residence . in
Paris. ¦ . . - ¦ •. ¦• ¦ : '... . •:. ¦,•:;<¦' ;. -.•¦ ¦:-¦¦'¦-.
When Mr. Harding was confronted with
these evidences he said all could be easily
explained, but he never explained. Mrs.
Harding was compelled to do. the cooking
and even to serve the washerwoman, be
sides answering, the door bell. She also
had to carry coal into the house. While
doing this s"he causrht cold and had-lum
bago. She took sick a second time and
Mr. Harding did not see her, although he
was in : the house. He said if sho would
sign the papers he would get the servants
back; but she refused.'- He threatened to
disinherit the children If they did not aid©
with him.
The case is not yet concluded.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20.— The suit by which
Millionaire George Harding, formerly of
Chicago and .still a resident there, accord
ing to the claims of his wife's attorneys,
is trying to get a legal separation from
his wife iscreatlng a sensation in quiet
San Diego. Some years apo Mrs. Harding'
in a suit In Illinois secured an allowance
of $360 per month from her husband. She
has-been living apart from him and de
clares that she has had ample reason for
doing so. She is now a resident of Italy,
but has to fight the case here. He claims
the divorce on the . ground of desertion,
and she alleges that she did not desert
him but that he deserted her and in a
way that, according to the laws of IIli T
nois, gare her. the right to live apart from
Her testimony at the time of the; suit
in Illinois has been made a part of the
case here. She testified that they, had
lived almost extravagantly and had moved
in the best society in Chicago. Their
home contained fifteen or seventeen rooms
and they had everything In the world that
could be desired, in the way of horses,
carriages, servants,; etc.. They kept five
or six horses always , and » Mrs. Harding
had a carriage of her own which cost $2000.
The observance of their silver wedding
anniversary cost them $1200: Every sum
mer they went to the seashore or abroJR
and Mr. Harding always went along. -
During the summer of lS8S;is when the
trouble first began. While on the Massa
chusetts coast Mrs. Harding learned, that
her husband was paying attentions to an
other woman, named- Mme. ,von - • Louie,
Their son, Victor, turned over a valise one
day in the house and* found three tickets
for passage ' between Chicago , and " San
Francisco. Mr. : Harding left on. this Jour
ney on February 11 and came back March
25. ' -¦ " :..; '' ' ¦¦¦..--• ¦•¦ i. ¦¦: . ¦ ¦ i
A short time after the return : of Mrs.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Compelled to Do Her Own
Housework and Answer
the Bell.
MRS. HARDING'S
TALE OF CRUELTY
WESTWARD the grip emplro
takes its way. This dlseas?
has now belted the continent
with a band of illness that Is
three hundred miles wid« at
its Eastern end. covering nearly all of
New York and all of Pennsylvania and
gradually narrowing as it extends west-
More Than Half a Million Persons Are 111 With the Disease
" ;
in the States Fi;om New York to Oregon.
GRIP BELTS NORTH AMERICA
FROM ATLANTIC TO PACIFIC
WHEN the "Westminster Kennel Club opens its annual great bench show in Madison Square Garden, in New Tork
City, on February 19 next, the Duchess of Newcastle win take her place among the judges of the blue-blooded
dogs.
The Duchess has won many prizes at European shows with her handsome Borzls, and is qualified to decide
on the fine poirtts of a dog almost as well as any breeder in the country.
The Duchess will be accompanied from England' and assisted by Mrs. Oughton Giles of London.
THE DUCHESS OF NEWCASTLE. ONE OF GREAT BRITAIN'S EXPERTS ON THE FINE POINTS OF DOGS
OF HIGH DEGREE. WHO WILL. GO. TO NEW YORK TO BE ONE OF THE JUDGES AT THE BENCH
SHOW.
Fifth race— El Toplo, Haafilcapper, Fondo.
Sixth rs.ee— Tcr? Ida. Scotch Plaid, Cutake.
Probable Winners.
First race— The Pride, Thwry. Gold Or.
Second race — Vincitor. Et. Elmonian. Rapldo
Third race— P&llucas, Ix>mo. Granger.
Fourth rac*— Boundlee. Bersota, Mocorito.
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
jrar-olds ar.d up; selling:
14f3 Fonfio 8S 1<37 Th* Buffoon. ...lft*
1643 Maydine 102 1548 Gold Kinder 104
1648 El Topio ?2 1660 Mike Rice 107
1589 Alaria 105 1527 The Singer 1C4
|CO Handlcapper ..UO U54S)Artilla 1C2
Introductor 104'- .
Sixth rmee — One mile; four-year-old« and up;
matter.
1643 Dunblan* 104| 1E24 Sir Kingston. '.. 104
<ieS9)A*tor V*' 1674 Tortida 107
nf.6C)F*r** Lance 109! ir.85 Don Luis 106
1524 McNamin. 101 j 1SS3 Scotch Plaid. ...106
jr>95 Tom Cal vert.... J0« l«C5 Cat-take 106
?7J Flora Bird 104! 15C8 J'dge Shr'pshir.112
1SU Hohenlohe 103!
Fourth rac* — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olde and up: celling:
1C£ Our t.lzzl» 1% lees Mocorito 105
1629 Montallade ....W 14/.S M&xello 107
OV-7)Ada K *» 1M6 Novia 105
36SS Boun«Jl»e lMnttfjBernota 95
1IS8 Cora Goetz S3i 16CS Osmond 107
Third rac*— Mile and three-quarters: hurdle:
1579 IVithian 139! .... Wm. O B 1SS
Pallucas 13« 9S5 Granger 155
(15M)May Boy ISSi 14C2 Maccabee 136
1554 L«oino 155'- 1032 Negligence ....143
Second rac« — Mi!* ar.d an eighth; four-year
cMs and up; purse:
JGM Fam Howard. ..li: 1597 Acrobat 11!
IS23G*a*t Dance. ...I1J UM Charles Le Bel.ltt
1!«S Rapldo 122 1C45 St. Slmonlan...ll3
1470 Slsquoc 112 (i:.66)Credo 112
1595 R del Ban"dos.ll2! 1543 Vincitor 115
three weeks to come. Racine Secretary
Power has arranged a very attractive
card for the opeot&S day and despite thai
discouraging weather outlook the fields
give promise of affording some excellent
sport. In addition to five flat events a
hurdle number is down for decision.
One result of Saturday's race at Oak
land, in which Articulate finished last,
will be to detract just one-half as a draw-
Ing card from the four-cornered rae«?
shortly tc be given at Tanforan. Give Bill
Garrett all the credit due and he is only
a. sellinjr jslater and perhaps none too ¦
game at that, as was illustrated in his :
finish with Gold Or. Still, on Saturday, I
the Missouri KoMir.e catches the water
rirst, with Rolling Boor taking his wash
the entire course, and as the finish :s j
passed Articulate, hopeicssiy beaten. Is
only Just about turning the stake boat.
Were the Derby to be decided next Sat
urday the honors of favoritism would ilfl
between Canmore and Prince Poniatow-
BkTa eelding Brutal. Since leaving the
maiden class in November last the latts."
three-year-old has not been beaten and
eax-h succeedins race has been an im
provement over the preceding one. On
Christmas day he woi: the Westchester
handicap at seven furlongs, carrying 10'.
pound?, beating Canmore three lengths in
1:2^. Four days later the son of Brutus
picked up 119 pounds and took down the
Juvenile Champion stake ,%also at seven
furlongs, while behind him came Can
more. Rolling Boer, Golden Age. Kenil
worth and Bedeck, and so it can be seen
that from an obscure maiden in November
the Prince's horse has shown steady and
pronounced improvement until to-day he
is probably the best of the three-year
olds in training. In the mud Articulat?
is better than an ordinary colt, but is not
to be mentioned in the same breath wiih
a Crescendo or an El Rio Rev. Canmoro
is both game and fast, but like a called
pokr-r player seems to have shown his
hand. It may be that the Derby has been
picked for Holliner Boer and that the
eturdy little bay has been taking it easy
of late. If such is not the case Brutal wi'l
take his measure.
<Jarnrt Ft-rguson has retired from the
list of active owners for a time, at least
On Saturday he disposed of Quiz II,
Jack Crane being the purchaser, and Alee
will henceforth be seen with the colors of
Dr. Rowell up. The useful mare Maui
Kertruson will be bred.
The very fast two-vear-old filly Yankee
Dame, which finished second to Dorene,
In a dash at Oakland. !a owned In part by
Mrs. R. J. Havey. wife of the starter
Trainer William Murray of Sacrament.')
is the other interested party.
Edwin F. Gaylord. the Denver turfman
end lessee of Overland Park, is spending
two weeks in California. At Terra Haul*?
last summer Mr. Gaylord drove "the flying
pacer Coney to wagon in 2:03*4. the
world's record for a pacer ha.-dled by an
amateur reinsman. The Denver horseman
pays the Fprir.sr race meeting to be held
In that city next June will be the greatest
ever held there.
Charley Ellison is undoubtedly the
heaviest bettor and biggest winner on the
local tracks. On top of his many other
extensive or.slauphts on the ring Charley
won over $3000 Satutday when Specific
took the Lissak handicap.
Tommy Burns will be seen In the saddle
to-day. Milt Henry will also have so;ne
mcunts. Vincitor will likely be one of
them.
The dissolution of the American Turf
Congress was predicted in The Call of
January 7; also the succeeding events
which transpired.
Following are the entries:
First -race— Six furlongs; four-year-cldi and
tip: puree:
1677 Ordnung 1151 1*«4 Pidalia 10*
Jftfl Gold r,ace 105 1C75 Prejudice 102
(16C3)The Pride 112!a.*.S6>Gold Or 11!
.... Salvado 110' <l«rr3)Theory 110
1W5 Casda> 107' 13CS Erenhilda 105
i;S0 True Blue 1C7
Beginning this afternoon Tamoran Park
•tvill be the haven of raoeKoers for th«
B"X" T*. H3. MTJXjXIOT-iXjA.I'TID
Articulate Has Lost Prestige and
Now Brutal Looms TJp as
the Coming Three-
Year-Old.
Reopening Day Represented
by Large Fields to
Pick From.
TANFORAN PARK
RACING EVENTS
Final — Thunderbolt beat TTronlte.
In the consolation stake Fireside was first.
Lexington second. Cash In third, Arno fourth.
First round — Cash In beat Fireside; Mon
tana. Jack beat Milton Boy; Ltnton beat Fire
fly: Tap Out beat Sarah Gold; St. Oran beat
Springtime; Glen Roy beat Emma M; Thun
derbolt beat Aliesander: Arno boat Vino; Lex
ington beat Wheel of Fortune; Terronlte _b*at
Katie R; Fair Glen beat Cash Day; Bill Fos
ter beat Lilac: Scotch Reel beat Leah; For
give be*t Joker; Burton baat Bounding Belle.
Second round— Montana Jack beat Cash In;
Tap Out beat Llnton: St. Oran beat Glen: Roy;
Thunderbolt beat Arno: Terronite beat Lexing
ton; Fair Glen beat Bill Foster; Scotch Reel
beat Forgive: Buxton a bye.
Third round— Montana Jack beat Tap Out;
Thunderbolt beat St. Oran; Teironite beat
Fair Glen; Buxton beat Scotch Reel.
Fourth round— Thunderbolt ¦ beat Montana
Jack: Terronitp beat Buxton.
Deciding Course of the Stake.
STOCKTON*. Jan.- 20.— Results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day are
as follows: :.t.>
STOCKTON COURSINQ.
Thunderbolt Beats Terroniite in the
Fourth round — Ben Lomond beat Daisy
Claire. 8-6; Warpath beat Controller. 4-3: Palo
Alto beat Herschel's Pride. 8-0; Mac's Melody
beat Liberator. 10-4; Lady Claln» twat Cast
away. 10-7; Wedgewood beat Shadow, 3-2;
Greenhall beat Echo. 5-0; America beat
Erotup, 8-6.
Fifth round— Warpath beat Ben Lomond,
U-4; Palo Alto beat Mac's Melody. 6-0; Lady
ClaJre beat Wedgewood. 3-2; Greenhall beat
America. 4-0. .
Sixth round— Palo Alto a. bye; Lady Claire a
bye.
Deciding course— Palo Alto won by default.
Lady Claire withdrawn.
Open stake, second round— George Pa kln- r
*•<•«•« Bpu Lomond beat F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys. 7-1; P. J. Rellly's The Grafter beat
fc_ ia.. kfiii'tt;"* Sweet i.mrna. 3-2; G. Len
1'in's Half Moon a bye; Kussell & Allen's
Daisy Claire beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca, 5-4;
F. Price's Forget beat Russell & Allen's Wed
d:ng Bells. 10-4; Curtis & Sons' Warpath beat
J. R. Bmlth's Password, 9-2: Pasha Kennels'
Kacy Anecdote a bye; J. H. Perlgo'B Con
troller beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen, 6-0; F. A.
McComb's Little Sifter beat Russell & Allen's
Spiteful. S-I; J. Button's Herschel's Pride beat
P. J. Reilly's Honesty. 6-3: E. Geary's Palo
Alto beat H. A. DeckPlman"s Snapshot, S-2;
W. C Glasson's Dewdrop beat Wa]^h & Hee
ran's Sacramento Boy, 4-0; T. Tlerney'fc Lu
cretla Borgia beat Pasha Kennels' Random
Aim. 6-2; T. W. Bartels' Mac's Melody beat
J. R. Smith's Sylvanuc, 3-0: P. Doyle's Lib
oralor beat George Sharznan's St. Ives. 6-2;
Gtorge Sharman's Clack Flush beat Curtis &
Sons' War 'Eagle. 1J-7; H. A. Deckelman's
Master Rocket beat Gecrtre Nethercott'6 Flood-
ECte, 15-12: RuBsell & Allen's Castaway beat
P.. E. de B. Lopez's Eager. 6-2: D. J. Healey's
Ledy Claire beat Maher & Reid's Uncle Ful
ler. 6-2; J. Hurley's Gramercy beat -Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt, 6-4; J. R. Smith's
F>tronlus beat F. A. McComb's Royal Flash.
7-5; F. Jones' Wedtrewood beat Curtis & Sons'
Charta. 12-9; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
beat D. J. Healey's Nicaclo, 3-2: Curtis &
Sons' Shadow beat Chiarini Brothers' San
tonin. 6-4; P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat
Russell & Allen's First Foot. 8-4; CurtJs &
Sons' Echo beat T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee.
5-1; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat Maher &
Reid's Bad Boy, 6-3; George Sharman's Chi
cago Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Roundabout
4-0; Pa»ha Kennels' Rural Artist beat E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 5-2: E. Geary's America
beat Curtis & Sons' Anchor. 6-1: F. Price's
Brutus beat P. J- Rellly's Loughneagh. 7-1;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat W. Cairnes'
Imperial, 5-L
Third round-t-Ben Lomond beat The Grafter.
e-0: Daisy Claire beat Half Moon. 6-5: War
path beat Fonret. 10-3; Controller bent Racy
Anecdote. 8-0; Herschel's Pride beat Little Sis
ter, S-l; Palo Alto beat Dewdrop. 5-0;\Mac's
Melody beat Lucretia Borgia. 4-1: Liberator
beat Black Flush. 3-2; Castaway beat Master
Rocket, 5-1; Lady Claire beat Gramercy, 8-4;
Wedg-ewood beat Petronius, 4-0; Shadow beat
Roman Athlete. 4-1; Echo a bye; Greenhall
beat Chicago Boy, 4-0; America beat Rural
Artist. 9-5; Brutus beat Sleety Mist. 6-0.
In the afternoon Ben Lomond beat The
Grafter and Daisy Claire, Greenhall beat
Chicago Boy, Lady Claire beat Wedge
weed at 5 to 4 and America beat Brutus
at 5 to 2.
The day's results, with Judge Grace's
official scores, follow:
The morning's work brought out a
bunch of short ends. Herschel's Pride
beat Honestv at 4 to 1, Liberator beat
St. Ives, Black Flush beat War Eagle.
Petronius beat Royal Flush at 3 to 1
Dewdrop beat Sacramento Boy, Master
Rocket beat Floodgate at 2 to 1, Ben
Lomond beat Harlean Gladys, America
beat Anchor at 5 to 2. Lucretla Borgia
beat Random Aim, Gramercy beat Risky
Attempt and Shadow beat Santonin at
5 to 3.
America has caused the wise ones to
study a bit. Of late he has been improv
ing greatly in his work, and he Is about
due to add his name to the list of win
ners. He is a brother of Palo Alto and
Ireland, and those who have been watch
ing him feel that he will sustain the fam
ily reputation.
Warpath and Greenhall performed well,
but were unfortunate in getting hard
courses at critical times.
Though she won the course, to follow
with severe work against Palo Alto in
his great form was considered too much,
and she was withdrawn.
Palo Alto, the speediest of the get of
the greatest of sires, Emln Pasha, an
nexed the 128-dog open stake at the
Union Coursing Park yesterday, going
through the finals at such a heart-break
ing pace that his strongest opponent ap
peared a weakling against him.
Fast as "ever, the great courser seemed
encowed with considerable more lire and
flash than he has heretofore displayed,
and he virtually ran away from the
best in the stake. The ofl-fjuoted pre
diction when Palo Alto is entered In an
event that if at himself there would be
nothing to touch him was amply verified
yesterday.
Snapshot, v.'ho ran with him in the
morning, managed to ecore two points
against the ilyer, but after that and un
til the victory was awarded* to Geary's
dog-, by the withdrawal of Lady Claire
Judge Grace was saved the trouble of
counting pcints scored except for Palo
Alto. In all his work the winner con
sumed SI seconds in bringing his five
courses to a linish and landing first
prize in the event. N •
l>ady Claire, by reaching second
place, added more glory and fame
to the record of the king of
sires. She showed fast and strong, and
many thought she might have a fair
chance in the final. Luck was against
her. however, for in the semi-finals, after
having beaten Wedgewood against the
judgment of the form players, she was
given the hardest kind of going by Ki
caslo in a bye. •
Lady Claire Is Withdrawn in the
Final of the Big Stake—Lsash
raen Enjoy Good
Speedy as Usual the Great
Hound. Outfoots His
Opponents.
PALO ALTD WINS
AN EASY VICTORY
ENGLISH DUCHESS IS TO JUDGE
BLUE-BLOODED DOGS AT NEW YORK
Milady of Newcastle Will Be -One of Those Who Will Offi
ciate at Westminster Kennel Club's Show. .3
SPORTING EVENTS AND GOSSIP OF RING AND TRACK
SILVER WINGS
ON FIGHT MONEY
Strange Disappearance Out
of the Guarantee Fund
Is a Puzzle.
Two Hundred Dollars Is Missing
and No Accounting Can Be
Made for the
. ' Mystsry.
When Manager Rattigan. who looks out
for the interests of pugilist George Byers,
and Manager Lou Hcuseman, who keeps
an eye on Jack Root's pugilistic welfare,
•divided up the money that came to them
frcm the fight Friday night they found
themselves $200 shy. Where the money
went is a mystery which 19 not solved.
Piled up in glistening gold and shinlns
sliver J. J. Groom counted out $3000 a.s
the guarantee money before the Crlbb-
Thurston tornado blew over the ropes.
Houseman's and RattSgan's representa
tives were eatisned with the count. After
that they counted the money again and
all that was in the measured pile was
J2S0O. Several times they counted the
money and the repetition brought the
same, addition on every occasion. Where
the money went nobody knows. Groom
tagged up $3000 on his count before the
representatives of Rattigan and House
man and they were satlsiled that the pile
represented $3000.
When Groom counted out the money
originally, measuring it out In stacks as
it came into the box office, he laid away
J3000 for the guaranteed amount. One
of the men who was there in represensa
tlve capacity said there was but S2S0O In
the pile. Then It was that Groom counted
it out officially and all were satisfied tha»
the full $3000 waa there. In the presence
of all the third count was made and J2O)
was missing. Subsequent counts showed
the same amount. Groom was watched by
the representatives of Houseman and
Rattigan, each one of them kept an eye
upon the other and Groom on both.
Where did the money go? The pile was
made up of $1000 in gold and the rest In
silver. Houseman says it's a mystery
which his brain -cannot solve. Groom says
he counted out the $3000 and the others
say they saw him do It. The other counts
showed the deflclP, but where that $200
went is a problem in projectile disappear
ance.
San Diego Now Has an Almost In-
SOUTHERN TEAM STRONG.
vincible Inn»ld.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20.— The arrival of
Truck Eagan to play with the San Diego
team in the winter league has made quite
a change in the team. Eagan and Dever
eaux are the shortstop and third-baseman
of the winning Sacramento team and they
will hold down those two positions for
San Diego. "With Arrellanes of Oakland
on second and Mike Donlin of St. LouH
on nrst the southernmost team In the
State has about as invincible an ln
fleld as could be put together.
Bowman, who was with the Oaklands
last year, has not been re-signed by Cal
Ewing and it is said that he was dropped
on account of his batting, or rather, on
account of his failure to hit the ball. It
must have been a failure in the North
ern League, for he has not failed down
here. He has been smashing the ball out
for two and three bags right along, and
he has more "homers" to his credit than
any one In the league thus far.
Frank Chance has returned from Fresno
and is again in the game." His head hurt
him a great deal after he was hit by the
pitcher in one of the Los Angeles games
and he thought that he was out of it -for
a month or two at least, but the pain has
left and he has come back. ' He desires to
remain in the play in Southern California
In order to be in good condition for the
opening of the season in the East.
Mike Donlln has not been placed yet,
but hopes to be able to remain on the
coast next summer. Seville, one of the
pitchers of the San Bernardino team, is
one of the blacklisted boys and will not
be able to play in the Northern League
when it opens.
There is a wee bit of a girl up at the
home of Catcher Tom Works of the San
Diego team, and she is only nine days
old. She is charged up with no errors on
the scorebook, but the fans declare thac
she is responsible for the loss of three
games for the San Diego team. In two
games Tom did not catch because of the
expected arrival of the baby, and In the
third he did not catch because she had
Just arrived. Substitute catchers had to
be put in and none of them could hold
Pitcher Taylor. In the three game3 the
catchers are charged with six errors and
eight passed balls, and that was where
the games went. Tom doesn't like to see
games lost, but he declares that the babe
is worth half a dozen at least.
Pacific Lodge of Masons.
The following named officers of Pacific
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons, were
installed»Friday night by Charles Jelllnek,
the retiring roaster: Israel J. Asheim.
worshipful master; J. P. Kincaid, senior,
and W. T. Baggett, Junior warden; J. F.
Kennedy, treasurer: George Penlington.
secretary; H. R. Hathaway, marshal;
George L. Darling, senior, and F. L. Han
son, Junior deacon: C. E. Daly and A. W.
Turpln, stewards, and P. Rlegelnaupt,
tyler. After the ceremonies were con
cluded the retiring mastt?r was presented
a costly Jewel of the past master's rank.
After an address by tiie new master,
there was an adjournment to Assembly
Hall of the B'nai B'rith building, where
a supper was served to nearly 200 mem
bers. Walker C. Graves was the toast
master.
There were responses to toasts by Rev.
J. Voorsanger. Rev. J. Nieto, Richard
Faulkner, George Louis Darling. E. My
rcn Wolf. David C. Hlrshberg and Madi
son Babock. Vocal music was furnished
by Samuel D. Mayer. J. R. Oglevle, J. C.
Hughes and J. R. Jones.
NAVAL MILITIA
ATTACKS TARGETS
Headquarters' Staff and Band
Try Their Skill With
Revolver.
Troop A, Cavalry, and Company P,
Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, Hold
Monthly Shoots at Shell
Mound Range. ¦ %'¦
.The headquarters' staff and band of
the Naval Militia tepan their State shoot
yesterday at Shell Mound range. Not
withstanding the inclement weather there
was a fair representation of officers who
tried their skill with the revolver at fifty
yards. The rain and a poor light were not
conducive to good score3. The shoot waa
under the direction of Lieutenant W. G.
Morrison, inspector of rifle practice. Tho
members of Troop A. cavalry, also held
their pistol shoot and those of Company F,
Fifth Infantry, Regiment. N. G. C. their
monthly rifle shoot. The scores of the
day follow;
Headquarters' Staff and Band Naval Militia
in State Shoot— Executive OMeer T. A. Ner
ney. 40: Lieutenant Surgeon (senior trade) J.
G. MorVlssey. IB, 44; Lieutenant Surgeon (Ju
nior grade) T. B. W. Lelcnd. t% 44; Boats-wain
Richard Schnalle. 28. 19; Pharmacist D. N. Mc-
Millan. 11. 10; Carpenter J. W. E. Stance. 23.
26: Chief Master at Arms Joneph Brophy. S5.
44; Chief Quartermaster William Lindecker.
22. 33; Pay Yeoman J. M. Corcoran. 21. 24;
Hospital Steward J. M. McMahon, 33, 37; First
Musician Fouts. 23, 33.
Troop A. cavalry. In revolver shoot—Lieu
tenant E. A. Pierre. 42: Lieutenant E. H. Carr.
-0; First Sergeant R. C. Greimlnger. 30; Quar
termaster Sergeant S. E. Cooke, 20: Serjeant
J. P. E. Spaar. 39; Sergeant H. B. Taylor. $*;
Corporal H. Bayes. 29: Corporal A. N. Smith.
19: Corporal H. Puckhaber. 36: Farrier John
Murray. 13: Trumpeter F. T. Kngle. 33; Band
man C. Becker. 35: P. Sammann. 35; Privates
F. C. Sherwood, IS; J. Ritchie. 30; R. Can.
42: L. McKlnlcy, 10; T. J. Fltzpatrick. M; T.
Lehmann. tf. C. Anderson, 22: It. Gerck«. 13;
H. L. Detrick. 26: G. J. Lorshetter. 23; F.
Thomason, 41: E. W. Jensen. 21: C. O*«joo<1.
23; E. A. Schmidt, 36; A. J. Martin. 23; A.
Henry. 22; C. Nlcolal, 37; A. J. Kluns, 23; H.
A. R. Hanson, 15.
Company F. Fifth Infantry Regiment. N. O.
C, In monthly shoot with rifle at 203 yards—
O. Hanson. 31: E. Williams. J2; F. Howe* IS;
X. Klmc, 27; W. J. Garabaldl, 36: A. Hanson.
38; E. I, ark In. 24; R. Chubb. 23; H. Johansvn.
38; R. B. Morrlll. 2S; M. Rasmussen. 27; F.
Kayser. 21; G. Medau, IS: W. NortSluxxJ. 35;
J. BaumKarten, 33; B. Abbott, 23; E. W. Da
vis, 37. _
SCHUETZEN" PAP.E SHOOTING.
San Francisco Grutli and the Turner
Sections in Monthly' Events.
The San Francisco Turner Schuetzen
Club shot at the Schuetzen Park ranges
yesterday at San Rafael. Tho bullsey©
shooting resulted as follows:
G. Tammeyer. 198: Phllo Jacoby. 573: J.
Straub. 6SS: H. Enjrte. 10X2: Charles Peach.
1422; F. Kommer, 1235; Charles Sasrehorn, 1577;
Charles Xelson, 1695; J. Gassner, 929; A.
Brehm.» 2211; F. A. Scheunigf. 1T63; A. Utschlg,
2337; Captain F. Attlnger, 21S3; Otto Burmels
ter. 2927.
The point shooting resulted as follows:
C. H. Sasehom,' 1313: T. J. Carroll. 861;
O. Tammeyer, 103: H. Engle. 1«3; J. C. Wal
ler. 668: L. Reubold. 1491; J. Rachmann. 1»I9;
John Horstmann. S33: A. Rahwyler, 133: A.
Gehrel. 124D; Phllo Jacoby. 1S38; L. C. Babia.
149S: B. Lander, 1532; C. Gut, 1336; C. M. Hen
derson, 823: H. Schroder. 1233: R. Stettin. 1311;
F. A. Schrumpf. 1353: Captain F. Atttng»r.
1954: O. Burmetster. 1O4S; A. von Weyl. 395;
W. Ehrenpfort. 2313: F. C. Hasjerup. 2389; F.
Levers. 1ST"; M. Reubold, 213: A. Strecker.
415: A. Utacnlgr. 574: D. B. Fsktor, 940; F. D.
Smith. 2T.36; Jce Straub. 28ST: A. Bertelsen.
1S26; A. Brehn. 23T5. Cadets— H. Becker. 1023;
The bullseye shooting of the San Fran
cisco Grutll Shooting: Section resulted as
follows, winners getting prizes in order
named: John Bruger. L. Hauser. Charles
Gut, R. Hauser, A. von Wye. J. Bachman,
Theodore Simmen. O. Imdorf, A. Gehret.
A2JNTJAI. BAT.T, OP
SCHTJETZEN" VEREIN
Popular German Organization Gives
Successful Dane? at Califor
nia Hall.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Voreln
gave its forty-second annual subscription
ball at California Hall. (20 Bush street,
last Saturday evening. The hall had been
beautifuliy decorated for the occasion and
an excellent orchestra played popular se
lections for the reception concert, which,
preceded the ball and for the dancing
which followed. Two hundred and fifty
couples participated in the grand march,
which was led by Captain J. H. Thode and
his wife. The members were all attired in
their Schuetzen company uniform.
At midnight a supper was served in tha
banquet hall and after full justice had
been done to a splendid menu -speeches
were made by Ferdinand Rathgen. presi
dent of the San Francisco Schuetzen Ve
rein: William Garms. president of tho
Norddeutscher Vereln; Henry Stelllng.
Captain J. H. Thode. George Alpers. vice
president cf the San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein. and Kaufman Wertheimer. The
committees to which the success of tho
affair was due were matle up as follows:
Arrangements— George Alpert. chairman; K.
TVerthtimer. secretary: U. Stettin, treasurer;
Captain John Thode, Lieutenant H. Stettin*.
Lieutenant K. Ipsen; Lieutenant D. Salfleld.
Lieutenant E. H. Goetze. VT. J. Goetze. F. H.
Crani. L. Bauer. H. Meyer. S. Hetno. F. Pap«
and H. Huber.
Reception— J. Tho£e. H. Stelllnr. E. Ipsen.
T. SalSeld. ,E. H. Goette and F. Pape.
Floor — F. 'H. Cranz, manager: II. Meyer. 8.
Helno. H. Huber. W. J. Goetze. R. StetUa and
L. Bauer.
Columbia Scores.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its first shoot of the year yesterday at
Harbor View. A: B. Dorrell took the hon
ors with the rifle, making the splendid
score of 42 on a 4.2-lnch ring average.
His shots were 4-3-7-5-2-3-3-3-5-7. his best
official score to date. F. S. Washburn. a
comparatively new hand, won second
place with the pistol. G. M. Barley beat
ing him by 4 points. E. A. Allen won first
place with the .22 rifle.
Rifle. 200 yards. 10-shot scores. Columbia
target— A. B. Dorrell. 42-59-«>-«7: F. O.
Young. 53; C. M. Dalss. 5i>-57; G. Mannel,
61-W-72; Captain Fred Kuhl. 74-S5: G.
Hoadley. US: P. Becker. 116-136; Dr. J. F.
Twist. J37-131: E. A. Allen. 134. Rifle. 3
shot scores— F. O. Young. 12: Captain
Kuhl. 19-19.
Pistol. 50 yards— G. M. Barley. 39-30: F.
S. Washburn, 43-53-54; F. O. Younsr. 44-45
47-48-50; P. A. Eeckcr. 52-o£-53-&>: Mrs.. O.
Manuel, 61-71-76.
Twenty-two and .23-callber rifle— E. A.
Allen. 26-48; Mrs. G. Manuel, 31-40-43.
Revolver. 50 yard3— F. O. Young, 50-53
>S-62.
Army and Navy Installation.
The recently . elected officers of Army
and Navy Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West were , Installed by Dis
trict Deputy Grand President Wynne in
the presence of a large number of the
friends of the members in the Shasta Hall
of the Native Sons' building Friday night.
The new. officers are: P. L. Badt. P. P;
Frank S. Drady. P.; H. M. Brace, E. D.
Crowley and H. L* Deitriek,.V. P.'s; J. N.
Foley. R. S.: R. J. Cline. F. S.; L. B.
Simon: J. M. Ledden. M.; M. J. Shea
han, W. H. Wilkin and T. Kerrigan, trus
tees; Drs. T. Rethers and C. D. McGet
tlgan, surgeons; H. L. Auerbach, I. S.; J.
McAvoy. O. S.
When the proclamation of Installation
had been made. Harry F. McGucrren. the
retiring past president, was in behalf or
the parlor presented with a sold and dia
mond badge of his rank. The ceremonies
were followed by dancing and refresh
ments.
This parlor h«s arranged a minstrel
show and dance to be gtven in Native
Sons' Hall on the night of the 6th of Feb
ruary.
NEGRO IS SHOT
BY A CONSTABLE
An Officer's Action Excites
Much Indignation at
Merced.
MERCED. Jan. 20.— John George, con
stable of Livingston, shot Henry. Buchan
an, a negro.' this afternoon. When the
afternoon Southern Pacific passenger
train pulled into Livingston the negro
was caught stealing a ride on top of one
of the cars.
Constable George happened along and
commanded him to come down. The
negro complied with the constable's de
mand and then started to runl- George
pursued and fired two shots, one of which
struck the negro in the back and brought
him to the ground. The injured man was
brought to Merced on the same train on
which, he was taking a free ride" and it
was found that. the constable's bullet had
inflicted a flesh wound which- is not con
sidered danserous.
Constable vieorge was placed under ar
rest. The affair has aroused considerable
indignation among the citizens of Merced
generally, who assert that constables are
too free with their guns. The trainmen
and others vwho witnessed the shooting
declare that it .was entirely unprovoked.
The Loyal Legion.
The commandery of the State of Cali
fornia. Military Order cf the Loyal Legion
of the United States, will at Its meeting
on the 7th prox. nominate officers, who
are to be elected at the annual meeting in
May; consider proposed amendments to
the constitution, and elect three delegates
to the ninth quadrennial congress of the
order, to be held in Washington. D. c
April 10.
The membership of the order at the
close of 1000 was 900S, distributed in twenty
commanderies as follows: Pennsylvania,
1159; New York. 1304; Maine, 171; Massa
chusetts. 917; California. 714- Wisconsin.
211 ;• Illinois. 64S: District of Columbia, 762;
Ohio £27: Michigan. 306: Minnesota, 200;
Oregon, 6S; Missouri. S03; Nebraska. 109;
Kansas. 219; Iowa. 257: Colorado, 239; In
diana, 331; Washington. 63. and Ver
mont, 9S.
Quarryman Missing.
The relatives of Angelo Pascalletti of
2308% " Taylor street reported to the police
Saturday that he had been missing, from
his homo for. t wo davs and they fear ho
has made away, with himself. • John Pas
calletti," brother of .the missing man 'said
that Angelo tried; to- commit suicide by
taking poison a month ago. : His'wife died
six months ago, and he has been acting
peculiarly since. The missing man is
about 40 J years . old, 5 feet .•* 8 : inches in
height, aini;, world weigh about 175
pounds. He : had two small children and
was" employed by .Gray, Brothers as a
quarryman. I 1 ;.- ¦ • v '. " •;
Roundey Elected President.
The Mission Federation of Improve
ment Clubs at lta meeting: Saturday elect
ed the following officers " for the ensuing
six months: President. George H. Roun
dey of University Mound Club; vice presi
dent, Gus Schnee; recording secretary
Joseph P. Tuohey; financial secretary H
B. Winkler: treasurer. ¦ W. Tollwedjra
sergeant at arms. Thomas Gainer. '
Florence Crittenton Home.
- The thirteenth annual meeting of the
Florence Crittenton Home Association.,
held in the assembly room of the Mills
building Saturday, was well attended. In
teresting reports telling of the noble work
being done by the society were read. It
was shown that 103 children and more
than 200 grown people were cared for dur
ing the last year by the society. There
are thirty children at the home of the as
sociation, which is located at 3325 Twenty
fourth street. A . special effort is being
made to procure a better house, and an
appeal will be made to some benefactor
to contribute sufficient money to aid the
association in securing better accommo
dations. The officers of the society are-
Charles N. Crittenton, president. New
lork City: George S. Montgomery, vice
president: Virginia W. Smiley. M. D., sec
retary;- ¦ Cyrus W. ' Carmany, treasurer'
directors— Alexander McAdie, Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst. Mrs. C.T. Mills Rev. Frederick
\V. Clampett and Lucia M. Une, D. D.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1901.
8
.The more checks a spendthrift has the
faster he goes. /^cjHB^sBgiaESieSBMiMBflMaw
¦ . There ar« not ten men in every - thou-
sand so ;' built r. that -they, can .go without
suspenders.FOOLHARDY MAN IS
DROWNED AT NIAGARA
At a meeting last night of the board of
directors of the Old Friends it was de
cided that the pre3ent officers of the so
ciety should hold for another term. A
committee was appointed consisting of
Captain J. W. Howel!. Governor E. S. Sal
omon. Robert Ferral. Senator W. D.
Grady, Dr. F. F. Lofd. J. M. Wllkens.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell and Charles Kauf
mann. with Melville Hermann and J. E.
Slinkey, president and secretary, ex
offlcio, to represent the Old Friends In
the matter of the reception of President
McKinley in May next, the President be
ing an honorary member of the society.
To attend the launching of the Ohio the
Old Friends will run an excursion boat
around the bay.
Old Friends to Greet McKinley.
BERKELEY. Jan. 20.— Hart Greensfeld
er, a freshman at the State University,
was Injured Saturday night while at
tempting to board the 10 o'clock train for
San Francisco at Berkeley Station. The
train had attained considerable speed
when Greensf elder jumped for the steps.
He missed his footing and was thrown
heavily to the ground, one of the steps
striking ¦ him in the face and cutting a
gash above and below the right eye. His
scalp was also cut open. .
A Wolfskin, Greensfelder's classmate,
who was with him at the time of the acci
dent assisted in moving the injured stu
dent to his boarding place, 2130 Oxford
street, where Df. H. N. Bowell was sum
moned. ' . . . ' ' ._
Greensfelder's parents reside In San
Francisco at 2323 Pine street.
Student Injured by Train.
The presentation, of the big silver cup
to the most popular rider at the jockeys*
ball on Saturday took place amid much
merriment In Odd Fellows' Hall at the
close of the festivities. The trophy fell
to Spencer, who received "264 votes. Jen
kins was second with 2210. The presenta
tion was made by James Tierney.
The winner gallantly filled the cup with
wine three times and his friends quaffed
heartily to his health. The other jockeys
in the contest received votes as follows:
Coburn 2w8. PiKgott 1S0O, Burns 700, Bu
chanan 610. Bullman 609. Dominick 400.
Jones 200, Mounce 19S, Walsh 3. Bergen 1.
.Trophy for the Most Popular Rider
Is Presented After the
Ball.
JOCKEY'S SILVER CUP
IS "WON BY SPENCER
I M. B. Corinth, the blind Philadelphia
capitalist whose sensational offer of a
large sum to any man who could cure his
affliction, is in the city and is staying at
the Palace. When seen last night Mr.
Corinth said he was too tired to talk
much, but stated he was on a visit to the
coast for pleasure, and after a brief stay
here would take a trip to Southern* Cali
fornia.
The blind capitalist is of venerable ap
pearance and those unacquainted with his
Infirmity would hardly realize his mis
fortune. Mr. Corinth greatly regrets the
publicity his offer gave him. He only
made it, he ¦ said, as a last resort. Last
night he stated that he was now recon
ciled to his lot, though his offer still held
good to specialists of the world.
M. B. Corinth, Who Once Offered
Large Sum for Relief, Visits
the Coast.
BLIND CAPITALIST OF
PHILADELPHIA IS HEBE
build a three-story basement and attic
building on the northwest corner of Cali
fornia and Leavenworth streets. The out
lay will be $7500.
Uoardman Bros. & Co. is the name
adopted by Boanlman, Hooper' & Co.. Ed
ward J. Hooper. having withdrawn to en
gage in the making of loans and to deal
in oil lands. Mr. Hooper will retain an
interest in the firm.
A. M. Speck is back from a. trip to Ari
zona and Southern California.
Easton, Eldrtdge & Co. will auction real
estate next Tuesday .
Mrs. M. Estes. formerly . with David
Stern & Son. and recently with G. H.
I'mhsen & Co., has returned from Sacra
mento and is with the firm of A. J. Rich
& Co., where she will nave complete
charge of an Important department of the
office.
Eight flats will be built by Charles T.
Rodolph en the north side of Eddy street,
100 feet east from Fillmore.
The larger mortgages of tho week
placed on record were^as follows:
Isabella Levy and TJeuben H. Lloyd to the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society. $13,000 on
property on the south line of Union Square
avenue. S5 feet west from Grant avenue. 45:5x
CO; Dnnipl F. Walker to Isnac Kohn. $35,000 on
the pouthea^t corner of Montgomery and Clay'
Ftreet*. 50x59:6: Henry £-nd Lena Wahmuth to
the Hibernia Havings and Loan Society for
$15,500, the northeast enrner of Grove and Polk
rtreets and the southeast line of Park avenue,
100 feet northeast from City Hall avenue, 26x
100; Julius Abrams ami Carrie Hairls to
Nathan Dunenbery, for $23,000, southeast corner
of Sutter arid- Lnxk!n fitieets: a deed of trust
has been executed for $10,000 by th« W. W.
Chape. Company to the Home Mutual Building
and Loan Ars-vlation. of property 30x163 on the
west line of Mission btreet, 83 feet north from
Twenty-first.
Some of the most important releases of
the week have been recorded as follows:
Hlhernla Pavings and Loan Society to Asa
n. Wella and llonson Russell, for $10,000. north
west line of Mission street. 27R feet northeast
from Fifth, 37:6xlG0; Aclolph Meyer to Adolph
and Carrie Harria and Julius and Augusta
Abrams, for $25,000. southeast corner of Sutter
and Larkln streets, 70x137:6; Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society to Joseph A. Oliver, for
$58,000. undivided on^-half of the southwest
corner of Mission and Eighth streets, '-375x275;
German Savings and Loan Society to William
.McCafferty. for $20,000, property on the west
line of Mission street, ?5 feet north from
Twenty-flrst, 30x165; Empire Bulldlnir and Loan
Association to Setta F. and F. A. Haber, for
$16,200, west line of Buehanan street, 65:814 feet
south from ' Clay. 31x107:6.
Every real estate broker in San Fran
cisco is looking forward with the expec
tation that the future will realize hopes
lone entertained. There are many rea
finn? to justify this, among ¦which are the
actual transactions in business properties
In the past few months and the rapidly
devdoping oil resources, which will ren
der *t possible for San Francisco to be
the scene of greater manufacturing enter
prises than now exist here. A sign equally
e'.jrnificant is the increai53 in shipping and
the broadening of markets in all direc
tions as a natural sequence. There are no
very striking sales to record this week.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
reports the following sales:
Xonh«aEt corner of Leavenworth and Clay.
V:y&. for William Hencke to the Mercantile
Trutt Company for $14,000; north line of Na
toma street, southwest from Tenth, 50x75, for
Thoma* Rychold to John Kane for $6000; eaj-t
line of Van Nets avenue, Z!:h^ south from Pa
cific. ZoxViO. for Bertha Schmid to Henry E.
Bothin. JCiOO: east line of Scott place, between
Bro«uJtt-ay and Pacific, XStX, $1600: south line
of Vallejo. between Kearny and Dupont, 20x€0,
for Kneario awl Antonio G. Mlnore to Aujnis
tlno A Ceregtilno. J200C: east line of Dupont,
70 :« feet south from Filbert. 27x00, for the c
tate of Rrtdg«=t Alvey. $3000; north line of Clay,
e» feet wept from Stockton. 19:5xCS:». for W. H.
Hardy to Stephen Lagomarsino, 12700; east line
cf Stockton, between Filbert and Greenwich.
r7:«xSl:6. for J. H. Gibbons to Mrs. P. Bar
betta, K1<X>; wwt line of r>ujxmt. 46 feet north
from Filbert. Sl:€x77 and 4 to 10 Medau place,
lor F. Fr.rmhals to B. Huth. $13,K».
David Bufh & Eon have sold Dr. T. J. Fras
*r's rcRiderce, on the north JIne of Clay, be
tween Laurel and Walnut, the lot being 2ix
IT. :*V*. to Dr. FVxxl for SSW). They have also
sold tract? in the S?.n Martin ranch in Santa
Clara County to E. B. Neal and W. B. Trum
bull. at the rate of $100 per acre.
Sales are reported by Madison & Burke
bs follows:
Lot 20xW), trtth foar-story frame build
irjr. en the south line of Micslon street. 117:6
m*-st of Second, from 1.11 iza Furxer to Henry
E. Botnln, for S2O.000; a residence and a lot
S4:4^8xTrO on the north line of Eddy street. 1>»
t»e*-n Franklin and Oough, from E. Mansbach
to J. Lennon. for JSOOO; an undivided half in
ter»"yt in the property on the southwest corner
Of Greenwich and Stockton streets. 44:Sx70,
*ith stores ar.d flats, fcr $2300: a lot I'.'sVi. with
Sal*, on Hampton court, eff Fclsoni street, for
12HG; lot 2Kx27:C. with building. In the south
line of JesFie, between First an<l New Anthony.
«o H. Uorwh,- for $3000: house and lot ZfclGO on
the west line of Xoe street, between Twenty
first and Hill, from A. Berkman to Samuel H.
Curtis, for J2700; a lot 20x70. with lmprove
inenti!. cr. the north line of Natoma. 107:6 west
ft New M^miromery. for M. C. Duffley, for
16000; lot 2r,xi27:e and flats on tho south line
of California. b«»twrc-n Haker and Lyon. to J.
II. Sh^ehan. for tcir*. and flats and lot 23X137:*;
en the north lin« of Po«. 187:6 ea»t of Larkfn.
frnm J. W. I'.j-rne to Joseph Palger, for $3000.
E. E. Cook and Mrs. Clementine
Bruntsch will build a four-story and base
ment brick huild\r.fr on the northwest side
nf Market street. f*»et southwest from
Powell. Th<> contracts art- out to M
Kf-atinge & Leonard. P. Noble, the Mc-
Phfe Company and Torrill Hrothors. The
<-ost will approximate SS.OoO. Fred II.
Mover is the architect.
Emanucl and Theresa I^-wls have con
veyed to tne Emanucl Lewis Investment
Company the following properties: Lot I
on southeast corner of Kdinburgh sstroet '
and India avenue, cast £») by south COO
bV<ck 43. Excrlpior Homestead; lot on
eouthcast corner of Paris strc-et and Per
sia avenue. *;outh 300 by east 2*). block 20
ExcrlsJor Howftead; lot on northwest
corner of Ix>ndon street and Brazil ave
nue, rcrth 200 by west 100. block 2. Exccl
elor Homestead; lot on north corner of |
Edinburgh r.treet and India avenue, north- I
nest IW by northeast 150. block 33. Excel
pior Homestead; lot on ea?t line of county
road 'Mission!, 75 feet south of Brazil ave
rue, south 75 by cast 209. block 3, Excelsior
Homestead; lot on northeast corner of
Mission street and Brazil avenue, north
75 by east Ki:6, block 2. Excelsior Horac-
Ftead; lot on southeast line of Mission i
street. 75 iff-t northeast of Brazil avenue. !
northeast 7",. southeast 83:6. northeast 150, !
toutlieast 1W. southwest 200, northwest KJO, I
fcouthwest 25. northwest 83:6, block 3, Ex
celsior Homestead: lot on southwest cor
ner of Forty-fourth avenue and \V street,
fouth I2R. west 120. north 2?. cast 62:6.
north KW. east 57:6; lot on west line of!
Forty-third avenue, 125 south of W street, |
ecuth 107:4. northwest 240:5, north 43:10.
*<i±i J20. north 10, cast 120; lot on west line j
SHOOTS AN ATTOENEY.
Husband Enraged Because His Wife
Sought to Sue for a Divorce.
LA PORTE, Ind:, Jan. 20.— Ellsworth K.
Weir, a prominent attorney of this city,
was shot and probably fatally injured ;t«
nlght by Joseph W. Brill of Cleveland.
Brill, who had become estranged from his
wife, who is well known here, had been
advised that Mrs. Brill had consulted the
lawyer with reference to bringing an
action for divorce. He came to La Porte
and secured an interview with Attorney
Weir, during which Brill became angered
and shot the lawyer, -the bullet passing
through the body above the heart. Mrs.
Brill and her two children reside in Cleve
land. /
President Much Better.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— President Mc-
Klnley - Is -¦ convalescing "rapidly from ; his
recent attack of the grip.- To-day was his
best day for- several ¦weeks. To-morrow
the President will spend a short time in
his office, and gradually will increase the
period of actual work.
Present From a King*.
"BERLIN, Jan. 20.— The correspondent of
the ' Associated Press here learns from'
Vienna that Emperor Francis Joseph -ha*
presented to James A.' Bailey, the Ameri
can circus proprietor, ¦¦ a ¦¦ gold cigar ! caae
Ret . with diamonds, rubles and sapphlre3?
accompanied by an autograph letter. 1 '
Canadians Leave Cape Town.
: CAPE TOWN. I Jan. 20.— The British
Fteamshlp-Lake Erie sailed for Canada to
day, carrying 400 of Strathcona's Horse. *'
of Forty-pecond avenue. 100 south of W
street, south 50 by weft 120.
James Keith has bought from George
R. and Jennie L. Shreve and Jerome W.
Watson the southwest corner of Vallejo
and Baker streets. 77:3x137:6. for $4000.
The hotel building to be erected on the
eaj=t line of Van Ness avenue, just south
from Sutter street, by H. H. Bancroft and
Paul Bancroft, will be seven stories high,
with attic and basement. The cost will
be about $55,0rt0. Clinton Day is the archi
tect. The contracts are awarded.
Eleanor S. Freeborn has arranged to
elt»r and add to make a three-story and
bapement brick building on the south line
of Pine street, 160:5 feet west from Mont
gomery, the improvements to cost $3100.
The price paid by Frank Conklin to
Thomas W. Mahoney for the west corner
of Sixth and Eryant streets, the lot being
90x73 feet, was $15,000.
Frances B. Rank has purchased from
Daniel and Ellen Einstein property on the
w*>st line of Ashbury street. S5 feet south
from Page. 25xS7:6 feet, for $7500.
Improvements in the building line are
being made close to the retail section of
the city. On Union Square avenue Miss
Isabella Levy, a progressive business
woman, set the example of bringing this
place into prominence by the erection of
{ a six-Ftory brick building on the west
side. She is now erecting a large slx-
Ftory brick building on the south side
which will be used as a storehouse by a
large furniture factory. The architect Is
Hermann Kohlberg. The structure will
be of pressed brick front, having a front
age of 90x60 feet. On the opposite side of
this avenue another ?ix-storv building, of
brick, is being built by J. W. Miller for
! A. Aronson. This structure will be also
used as a warehouse for a furniture firm.
By the erection of these two buildings
that portion of the avenue between
Grant avenue and Stockton street has as
sumed a business appearance.
A deed has been placed on record by
which the estate of Susan H. Faull con
veys to Martin Krotoszyner 68:9x120 feet
on the south line of Sutter street, 68:9 west
of Polk, the consideration being $23,000.
W. W. Chape has conveyed to the W.
W. Chase corporation property on the
west line of Mission stret-t.'S0xl65 feet, the
property being ST. feet north from Twenty-,
llrst Ftreet, for flO.000.
Contracts have been recorded for- the
construction of a four-story-and-base
ment brick building for the Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar, to cost, exclusive of
elevators. $3fi."/>0. to stand on the north
west line of Mission street. 270 feet north
east from Fifth. Albert Pissls is the ar
chitect. •
The properties belonging to the estate
of Thomas A. Porter which are involved
in the decree of distribution, to be divided
equally between Susan Hay ward and Nel
lie Perry, Include lots on Army, Fountain.
Howard, Noe and Frederick streets and
properties in San Mateo County.
The Woman's Home Missionary Society
of the Methodist Kplscopal Church has
contracted for alterations and nddltlons
to the building at 912 Washington street,
to cost $53»).
The realty market in Ix>s Angeles is de
scribed this week by the Los Angeles
Times as dull and featureless. The Times
says that the oil business has captured a
large number of Investors and speculators
who were ¦wont to dabble in real estate.
The market has also been made dull by
the tendency to invest in lands In Mexico
and the Philippines.
The new high school building for Berke
ley will be built by Robert Greic under
contract. The cost will be $38.00.
By recent ruling the Los Angeles au
thorities set forth that before the. Sup
erintendent of Buildings will Issue a per
mit the applicants must have . the lot,
block and tract verified by the City As
sessor. - - . .
The officers of the Pacific Loan Associa
tion have made their sixteenth annual re
port, showing that its assets amount to
S1&3.0C7 91. There are 136S shares In force,
of which 585% are pledged with mort
gagees. The mortgages amount to $117,100.
lay will be $7500.
.Isaac Liebes will improve his residence
on the north line of Pacific avenue, .west
from Franklin street, at a cost of about
$10,000. • . .
Eight flats will be built by the Meyer.
Estate Company on the south side of Post
street, 120 feet east from Fillmore, at- a
cost of about $29,000. " " • •
The Mercantile Trust Company will
Review of the Prevalent Conditions and Some of the Big Sales
During the Past Week.
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
Edward Llchtenberg, who has the con
tract to supply the dan Quentin Prison
with jute for the mill, was seen yester
dav at his residence at 2520 Green street.
"I knew very little of Walden," h«
said. "I saw the man seldom, and never
had anything to do with him in a bus
iness way. I always transacted my bus
iness with the directors."
Mrs. Walden is a sister of a member of
the firm of Lundberg & Lee. jewelers, at
232 Post street. Lundberg resides at 1323
Pine street, and it is conjectured by the
police that when Walden left t4e prison
he came to this city and went to the
Lundberg residence, where he later met
hi3 wife.
Captain Seymour, after a long delay,
was consulted by Prison Director Fitz
gerald and requested to do his uest to
land Walden behind the bars. But Sey
mour is badly handicapped, as It was
only in the past few days that he was
asked to make the desired arrest, and in
that short space of time Walden, who »r»
conceded to be a clever crook, has had
ample time to get into a safe hiding
place.
The police are of the opinion, however,
that Walden is not far away, and that
if he Is being hidden by his relatives in
this city he is somewhere In the vicinity
of San Francisco and his arrest Is ex
pected at any time. ......
When Warden Aguirre came to tho
conclusion that Walden was a thief and
had stolen from the prison property val
ued at thousands of dollars, he took no
steps to arrest the man. and Mrs. Walden
was allowed to leave San Quentin. move
to San Francisco and then disappear as
mysteriously as her husband without a
watch being put on her movements for a
moment. That Mrs. Walden was In com
munication with her husband after his
disappearance is believed by everybody
conversant with the case. She evidently
at his bidding made the necessary ar
rangements for her departure, and later
joined her fugitive spouse.
Present Indications point strongly to
the conclusion that C. J. Walden, the ab
sconding clerk of the Jute mill at San
Quentin, was aided and abetted in all
his crooked transactions by confederates
Inside a? well as outside the prison walls.
It is also believed that the peculations
were going on while Walden was yet a
convict, and that he held the information"
he then acquired as a club over the heads
of certain officials, forcing them to assist
him in securing a pardon and the soft
berth he held for so many years.
Prison Officials Are Slow in
Beginning Search for
Missing Man.
POLICE BELIEVE
WALDEH IS HEAR
The Southern Pacific Company has prac
tically decided not to enforce its new pen
sion scheme, which, was but the old in
surance scheme in disguise. About a
month ago the pension scheme was
evolved and an effort made to interest the
unorganized men in the West Oakland
yards. The insurance 3cheme having been
absolutely . repudiated by the organiza
tions, the company turned its attention to
the unorganized men. Circulars were is
sued and notices posted all through ths
yards explaining the arrangement, and
blanks were given out upon which the
men might make application for member
ship.
But the effort was unproductive of re
sult. The men did not take kindly to the
scheme and so few applications were re
ceived that the plan has been dropped.
The men feared for a time that partici
pation In the pension and* insurance
schemes would be made obligatory upon
the new employes, thus getting around
the possibility of offending the organized
railroad men. But the railroad seems to
have abandoned all intention of forcing
matters. Whether anything will be at
tempted in the future is a question, but
nothing has been done for nearly a month,
and as the men have put. the stamp of
their disapproval upon all phases of the
Insurance plan the whole project may be
dropped. . . -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 20. ;
Railroad Employes Refuse
to Sign Application
Blanks.
PENSION SCHEME
IS ALSO DROPPED
. 9 t
Advices from Washington represent
that Captain G. B. Baldwin will be ap
pointed United States Marshal for the
Nome district of Alaska. The California
delegation in Congress has requested the
President to appoint him.
Senator Bard recently * accompanied
Captain Baldwin to the White House and
presented the applicant for the Alaskan
Marshalship to the President. Captain
Baldwin has also secured the indorsement
of Senator Stewart of Nevada and has
been commended by influential members
of Congress from New York and other
States.
Immediately after the President called
for volunteers 'o serve In the Spanish
War, Captain Baldwin, who was then
well known as a capable drill officer of
the San Francisco police force, tendered
his services to Governor Budd. He was
subsequently commissioned captain of
Company M. Eighth California Infantry.
Regiment of Volunteers, and rendered
faithful service in that command.
In the fire which, destroyed the Bald
win Hotel early in the morning of Novem
ber 24, 189S, Captain Baldwin distinguished
himself in successful effort3 to save
human life. With singular coolness he
went about the hotel giving warning of
the danger and his calm demeanor seemed
to quell th*» f*>ars of frantic guests. *
Will Be Made Marshal for
Nome District by the
President.
CAPTAIN BALDWIN
TO BE APPOINTED
Among the new performers at Fischer's
The performance of Lockhart's baby ele
phants, one of the cleverest animal acts
ever seen here, will be at the Orpheum
for a second week. The Schumann Ladies'
Quartet. Montmartois Trio in grand and
comic opera selections: Warren and
Blanchard. Swigett and Clark, Hacker and
Lester. Eugene O'Rourke and company,
and Billy Link complete an attractive
bill.
up to-nlzht at the Central Theater. "In
Darkest Russia" is the title, and good
staging and costuming are part of the
programme.
The new hill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes the Aleedos in a laugh
able sketch entitled. "On Parade": Wil
lette Charters, bailadist; Oro. Bernard and
Oro, in "A Visit to Chinatown": Dave
Barton, colored comedian; Godfrey, aerial
balancer; Mile. Alcedo. in a globe-walking
act, and new comic moving pictures.
Anita George, Querita Vincent. Mabel
Hudson and the Morrisas are at the Olym
pia this week.
• • •
Concert-house this week are the Shlrleys.
Ida Howell. Waterman sisters, little Alma
Wuthrich, Hal Conlett and Ahern and
Patrick.
Its officers believe they have captured the
most important Invention since that of the
telephone itself. They expect it to revolu
tionize the entire telephone business.
Engineers are busily at work on plans
for the utilization of Professor Pupin's
* ¦ ; -
FIVE hundred thousand dollars is
the price Professor Michael I.
\ Pupin has received for his inven
' tlon for telephoning across the
ocean. The Bell Telephone Com
pany was the purchaser of his secret, and
PROFESSOR MICHAEL I. PUPIN. FOR WHOSE INVENTION OF
TRANS-OCEAN TELEPHONY THE BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY
HAS JUST PAID A COOL HALF-MILLION DOLLARS.
ESMERALDA SISTERS. MABEL. AND EDNA. WHO GIVE "TERPSI
CHOREAN EVOLUTIONS" QUITE WORTHY OF THE NAME IN
"THE STAR BOARDER." NOW ROLLICKING AT THE ALHAMBRA.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— Aside from a
brief dispatch from the commander of the
gunboat Scorpion, which is- now at La
Guayara. Venezuela, there was no news
of importance received here to-day of the
asphalt concessions in that country. This
dispatch came to Secretary Ixmg and re
ported that the latest news from Caracas
indicated that all was quiet there. The
Scorpion, her commander said, would pro
ceed to Curacao for coal. After this it is
expected the vessel will return - to I,a
Guayara. where she will await the de
partment's orders.
Commander of the Vessel Reports
s That Everything Is Quiet at
Port of Caracas.
GUNBOAT SCORPION
NOW AT LA GTJAYARA
CHICAGO. Jan.. 20.— Joseph Brucker.
mana-glng editor of the Illinois Staats
Zeltung, is to establish a commercial em
bassy in Berlin and publish a weekly pa
per to be known as Columbia, which shall
have for its object the promotion of
friendly relations between Europe and
America and their trade interests. As the
commercial treaty between the United
States and Germany must be renewed in
1903,- andas the "German Parliament will
consider the question at its fall session,
when the Agrarians are expected strong
lv to oppose clauses now favorable yj
American interests, it 1? Brucker's inten
tion to begin his work at the earliest pos
sible moment with the object of counter
acting such opposition.
Mr. Brucker's supporters in the project
are manufacturers and merchants inter
ested in the export trade.
Editor Brucker Going to Germany to
Combat Opposition to the Rs
newal of Trade Relations.
PAPER TO ASSIST IN
RENEWING A TREATY
Charles R. Flint of the Flint Line of
Steamers Said to Bo Interested
in the Project.'
NEW YORK, Jan. 20. — It was; reported
that a renewed attempt was being made
to bring about the consolidation of a num
ber of shipbuilding yards throughout the
country for the purpose of bringing them
under the same management and dividing
the work in such a manner that each yard
shall have a distinct class of work. Cap
ital amounting to about $60,000, <,»./. it is
said, will be invested in the enterprise.
While the Cramp Shipbuilding Company
of Philadelphia will be regarded as tho
principal competitor. It is expected that
negotiations will be concluded which will
result in that concern and. the, proposed
combination working in harmony.
Charles R. Flint, of Flint. Dearborn &
Co., chief owners of the American Steam
ship Company, which operates a line of
vessels between New York and San Fran
cisco and Honolulu, is said to be largely
interested in the negotiations that- are
pending. Mr. Flint said last night that he
could say nothing about the subject at
this time. Undue publicity at present.
It is thought, might injure i.ie chances of
the passage of the ship subsidy bill. It
Is understood that a firm of well known
lawyers is engaged in arranging the legiJ
preliminaries.
RENEWED ATTEMPT TO
CONSOLIDATE SHIPYARDS
has been in charge of the money order
department of the Havana Postoffice, wes
arrested to-day and formally charged
with the theft of $1300 sent from the post
master at Guantanamo December 6, $1235
in cash and $65 in checks. He has con
fessed his guilt and admits having de
stroyed the check.
Sheridan was appointed from the Boston
office on the organization of the service
in Cuba. He was made postmaster at
Matanzas. . About a year ago he was
placed at the head of the money order
department at Havana with a salary of
$1000. He seemed to be a trustworthy man
and the authorities considered the expe
diency of appointing him postmaster at
the time former Postmaster Thomas was
removed.
An investment of $1800 in stocks in Bos
ton first attracted suspicion to Sheridan.
He now offers to refund what he has ta
ken.
A mass meeting of planters, merchants
and representatives of the various polit
ical parties held in Havana to-day adopt
ed resolutions asking the United States
to lower its duty on Cuban products and
advocating the suppression of the export
tax on tobacco. One member of each of
the bodies participating in the meeting
was appointed as a delegate to go to
Washington to lay before Congress argu
ments in favor of the tariff reductions.
John Sheridan, Head of the Money
Ordsr Department, Steals
$13OO.
HAVANA, Jan. 20.— John Sheridan, who
HAVANA POSTAL CLERK '
CONFESSES TO THEFT
"Sending a cable is a slow matter, you
know." said he. "for the cable has to be
charged at each click of the key. Each
click exhausts the cur-ent. This has been
attributed to what electricians call the
'capacity' of the cable. To illustrate wha;
is meant by 'capacity*: Blow In a rubber
bag which has a hole at the other end.
The wind will begin to escape throujrh
lhat hole only when the bag 1 is filled. In
the same way the cable has to be charged
at the sending end to Its capacity before
the current Is felt at the receiving end.
Any hastening mixes things.
"The problem I had to solve was to re
duce the 'capacity' so that a messags
could be transmitted clearly and rapidly.
I discovered at the outset that the slow
ness of transmission was due to loss of
energy by conversion into heat and other
wise. The puzzle was to preserve thi.i
energy. By mathematical calculation I
demonstrated that this could be done by
means of a 'choke' coll placed at regular
intervals along the line. These 'choke*
coils are of wire around a core of metal.
On a cable line they should be at Interval-*
of an eighth of a mile; on land lines at In
tervals of a mile."
"I have been at work on the Invention,
for five years," said Professor Pupln In
an Interview In the New York "World. "I
conducted all the experiments in this
building and the boys here helped me.
They deserve a great deal of the credit.
The Invention not only makes an ocean
telephone possible, but it will save a for
tune In the construction of long-dlstanca
land lines. Just to give you an idea: My
.process will effect a saving of $120,000 on
each land circuit between New York and
Chicago. The saving on every 1000 miles
of land circuit will be in equal proportion
to that between Chicago and New York."
The problem which Professor Pupin has
solved Is that of maintaining electrical
energy in transmission. The Invention
is simple, merely being a plan for renew
ing the electrical waves by inserting every
eighth of a mile on the cable a coll of wire
known as the Inductance coll. Theso coils
act simply as relays, giving the electrical
waves fresh ImDetua.
Professor Pupln is professor of electrical
engineering at Columbia College and lives
at Yonkera. He Is about 35 years old, ath
letic of figure, with dark complexion,
black mustache and hair and humorous
black eyes. He is a friend of Professor
Tesla and is regarded by the latter as one
of the most promising: men In the scientific
world.
That ocean telephony can be success
fully accomplished by Professor Pupin's
Invention has already been demonstrated.
Tests covering almost a year were made
before the American Telephone Company,
the parent Bell Company, agreed to pur
chase the invention.
invention In a telephone line to Europe.
They are preparing estimates and maps,
and as soon as their work is finished the
Bell Company will be prepared to make
a definite announcement regarding tho
Inevitable trans-Atlantic telephone line.
The Tivoli Opera-bouse has a strong at
traction this week with which to open the
comic or^ra season— Smith and De
Koven's "The Fencing Master." The opera
has nevr before been given here at pop
ular prices, and a worthy presentment in
Ell regards is promised.
• • •
At the Alcazar this evening Miss IJla
Convere reappears In the pretty play.
"Fweet Lavender." The Alcazar manage
ment announces that matinees will now
be piven on Saturday and Sunday after
noons, until further notice. Florence Rob
erts will leave San Francisco to-day for
the East, wh<*re she goes to obtain new
plays for her summer season at the Alca
zar Theater.
• • •
A Russian melodrama, with court in
trigues, nihilists, impending Siberias.
American heroes, secret police and the
thrilling rest of it for material, will open
A. Targe and fashionable audience will
greet Mrs. Flyke to-night in "Becky
isharp" at the California Theater. The
Fiske engagement is undoubtedly one of
the most notable events of the dramatic
season, and much curiosity Is in evidence
botn as to Mrs. VUkm'm powers and as
to The worth of the new piay. Thackeray
lovers will be there to pass upon the
merits and demerits of this I^anedon
Mitchell arrangement of the favorite
"Var.lty Fair;" first-nighters of all kinds
Trill be there, together with a number of
Xolks whom curiosity as to the personality
of the one big star who is fighting the
theatrical syndicate, will attract. The
public 1? earnestly requested to be seated
by 8 o'clock, as "the play Is reasonably
long, ar.ii carriages may be ordered for 11
o'clock. 1
SINCE Walter Jones done gone and
Kot himself married last year,
nothing better In the late lament
cd*B line has been done than
Char'.es Boyle's Ch:iuncey Depot.
In "The Star Hoarder." which piece was
presumed at the Altuimbra last night. Mr.
Hoyle is also rc?i»or.?lble for the new
"farce." which is pimply a collection ot
ppecialties strung on a clever title. There
if n<> jilot; there is no "hoarder" to speak
of, thoiiRli Jhere sire, "stars" a-plenty, and
but one bnarding-house jest— the ancient
and adamantine biscuit that mother never
made — in the whole show. But there is
S r »"1 <1:incin^ calore, the omnipresent cake
walk in its variety, some clever coon
shouts, fun. fast and furious, from start
to finish, and s-r>m«? genuine new jokes.
Hoyle has a Sousa specialty which Is
extra vnpantly funny, and with others does
an excellent parody on the "Old Ken
tucky" goaiteta with which the latter day
pastoraJs are lr.fe.sted. Bert Swor does
some coon songs in uway-up fashion, llu
has the voice, the insinuating darky
twang, and an eloquent pair of heels to
cssist. and reminds one of Billy Van In
the tricks of his trade.
Of the women in the cast. Sue Belle
3>lead as the bewildering soubrette takes
chief place. She sings. The Ksmeralda
Flsters give some "terpsichorean evolu
tions" Quite worthy the name, the exhibi
tion being remarkably clever after its
kind. There are songs by Carrie Franklin
and Lillian Grist, and choruses by the
company, which completes the catalogued
list of attractions.
Next week Murray and Mack v.ill pro
vide the entertainment.
Half Million Dollars the Price Professor Pupin Receives
From the Bell Company for His Patent
Fashionable Audience Will Greet, Mrs. Fiske and Curiosity
Is Rife as to Her Powers in Becky Sharp Role.
A sensational incident occurred In this
connection at the hospital while the ln
luries were being attended to. A man
brandishing an Immense stock knife made
his appearance and wildly crying out
that he was the brother of Miss Ruggles
demanded to see her. He was asked to
relinquish the knife, but refused abso
lutely to do so. After a prolonged strug
gle the ¦ knife was wrenched from , his
grasp and he was sent to jail pending the
result of the police Investigation.
Detectives were detailed on the- case,
but up to an early hour no clew had been
found which might lead to tho apprehen
sion of the midnight assailant. .
Cart, who lives at 1314 Mason street,
was escorting Miss Ruggles to her home
at 1215A Broadway when the stabbing oc
curred. They had reached j Pacific and
Jor.es streets, when a man whom neither
of them had noticed until that minute
came up swiftly and without a word be
gan to plunge his dagger into Cart's body,
lhe girl screamed for aid and the fellow
Hed, not. however, until he had stabbed
Ca FA so seriously that death may result.
\v hen assistance came Cart was found
to be bleeding profusely and a call for the
ambulance was sent In. At me Receiving
Hospital his • wounds were treated, and
while they may prove fatal hope is enter
tained for his life.
A stabbing affray in which the identity
of the assailant is a: mystery occurred
about midnight at Pacific and Jones
streets. Miss Carrie Rugglcs and John
Cart were the victims, the former receiv
ing a slight cut in the wrist, the latter
being severely stabbed in the back and
chest with a dirk.
Girl and Her Escort Victims
of a Vicious Assault at
INOrill Jt)98,Cfl.
Sensational Seen© at Receiving Hos
pital When Alleged Brother of
the Girl Threatens Revenge
With a Knife.
STABBED I N BACK
BY UNKNOWN MAN
TRANS -OCEANIC TELEPHONE
SECRET ENRICHES INVENTOR
BISCUIT JOKE IS THE ONLY OLD
FRIEND IN THE "STAR BOARDER"
THE SAN. FRAOSrCISCO CATLIi, MONDAY, -JANUARY 21, 1901.
BERKELEY, Jan. 20.— Mrs. Spencer, the
wife- of Henry: Spencer, the r jockey, was
badly ' Injured - by ¦• being ¦ thrown from ; her
horse, while t riding along San Pablo ave
nue to-day noon. w She was picked up un
conscious . and removed .to her home in
Peralta Park. *-> Her face was cut and she
was badly bruised. ,< > *: .r
'The accident was caused, by Mrs. Spen
cer's horse taking the bit in his teeth and
running away. . * , •
Thrown From Her Horse.
The cards * are out for the masquerade
ball that is to be given on the night
of the 24th Inst. by the members of Cal.
fornla, Council of the Daughters of Lib
erty In the Laurel Hall of ; the Shieia
building. The committee. In charge whl
award a prize for ' the lady's most orig
inal costume and one for the gentleman's
¦most original. -.- ; - - ; • - ¦
Daughters of Idberty.
In lapan the telegraph was first-estab
lished In 1863. when a line was built be
tween Yokohama and Toklo by English
engineers.
• WASHINGTON. 5 Jan. 2Q;---Corigre3sman
Burtons who j has been ill for Beveral ' day?
with grip,, was able 'to leave the hospital
to-day. Congressman" Neville of Nebraska,
though slightly: improved,- is still .very : ill.
Burton Leaves the Hospital.
MONTEREY, Jan. 20.— F. A. Botsch of
this city, a member of the Board of City
Trustees and secretary of : the Monterey
and Pacific Grove Street Railroad - Com
pany, • leaves San Francisco on Thursday
next -for Tientsin,' China; to 'take, a posi
tion as cashier for a large American con
cern in that city. ,'
PEORIA. 111.,- Jan. 21.— The town of
Henry. IH-. forty _. miles north of this city.
Is burning. The : fire started at 11 p. m.
and is now; beyond control. The Peoria
department was asked for assistance and
at 2 a. m. sent one steamer and two hose
wagons on a special train.
Will. Gk>' to ; China.
TOWN. IN IXAMES.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— The County Board
of Education has announced the following
new teachers 1 certificates:
High School— Miss Eunice Hodgson,
Edith V.- Henricl. - Thomas S. Elston.
Thomas D. Mansfield and Mary W. Tyr
rell ¦¦'¦.¦ ¦ ¦¦''¦¦'". ' ¦ ¦ '¦ . :¦• '-'¦ '
Grammar grades— Kenneth F. Reynolds.
Jenella^ Bishop. Hallie B. Porter and
Queen C. Montgomery. ~
Renewals— Eulalia Sutphen and Gertrude
• Recommended to State board for gram
mar grade life diploma— E. L. . Shearer. •
> Special— B. . H. Twlght. • . : .'. ¦
New Teachers' Certificates.
'Portola Council of the Young Men's In
stitute has -elected the following name!
as Its" officers for the current term: E.
Fitzgerald, president; W. H.'Cusick, first
vice president; Frank P. Scully, second
vice president; James J. Cant Ian, finan
cial secretary;- Daniel T. Powers, record
ing secretary; Jerome J. Sullivan, corre
sponding secretary; John G. Stumle,
treasurer: F. J. Lawlor, marshal: John
J. Riley, inside sentinel; John J. Connell
outside sentinel: George Mayerle. Thomas
J. Kennedy and Robert A. Cahalan, trus
tees; Dr. B. F. Fleming, medical exam
iner. .
Toting Hen's Institute.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— Jim Jeffries, his
brother Jack and Trainer Delaney started
for Cincinnati this afternoon. The cham
pion hopes that the Saengerfest Club will
be able to pull off his flsrht with Ruhlln
there on . February 15. As yet the cham
pion has practically done no training, but
he is in good condition and says he could
go into the ring at a moment's notice. .
Jeff Go?s to Cincinnati.
The men were nearly half way across
the river when their boat was caught In
powerhouse both men got out on the
powerhouse both men pot out onto the
floating ice. The two men floated down
the river, side by side. Marsh was oW
feet from the shore and Wiser was at
least twenty feet further away. At Wll
low Island several men formed a line
and with the aid oc a lonsr pole succeeded
in getting near enough to Marsh to res
cue him. Wiser dun* to the ice until ha
was tossea off Into the water and drifted
over the brink.
NIAGARA FALLS. N. Y.. Jan. 20.— John
Wiser and John Marsh of this c!ty at
tempted to cross Niagara River above
the falls to-day. They lost control of
their boat and were carried Into the rap-
Ids. "Wiser, who was unable to swim,
was swept over tfcj falls and drowned.
Marsh, after a desperate struggle In the '
\r- water, was rescued by persons along
the shore.
With a Companion Tries to Cross In.
a, Small Boat, but Is Swept
Over the Falls.
• •
9
The artist Is progressing finely when he
is able to draw a' salary.-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1901.
10
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. ¦
WANTED— On fruit farm near San Jos* for a
family of eight, a middle-aged woman to cook
and do general housework; references; no
washing; wages $25. > Call at 1300 Taylor gt.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing at once. Box
1261. Call office. ¦
WANTED— German woman; good plain cook;
from 6 a. m. to 2 p.- m. 7 Hardie place, off
Kearny, bet. Sutter and Bush.
WANTED— A good German girl for upstairs
work and attending to children; good wages.
Please call Monday at 3601 Clay st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in care of j
baby and light houeework; family of two.
Call Tuesday. 1 and 3 p. m. at 310 Fulton st.
, A NEAT young girl for housework. 710 Hyde
street. '
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and' overalls at GREENE-
BAUM, & MICHAELS. 631 Mission.
LADY solicitors and agents for city and coun-
try; rood commission and salary. Monday
10 to 5. room 16. 418 Sutter st.
WANTED— A woman for light housework ;
good home and fair pay for right party. Call
after 2 p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— Hair dresser and manicurist; wages
no' object; state where * last employed. 220
Mason st. •¦
WANTED— Elderly lady to take care of woman
patient; state terms. Box 1277. Call offlce.
NEAT girl; general housework; small family.
503 Guerrero st.
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay st.
¦-GERMAN Kirl to do plain cooking and house-
work: bakery. . 3150 Twenty"-second St.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping; small
wages; 3-room flat. Box 12S0. Call office.
WANTED- Players for amateur orchestra.
631A Ellis at.
FIRST-CLASS 2d trimmers,- makers and sales-
ladles for millinery; year round. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED — Young woman to dr> light house-
work; wages $15. 539 San, Brur.o ave.
GERMAN woman: light housework; one 3-
year-old child. . 204 Sixth st.
WANTED— Button sewers at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S, 36V. Fremont st.
LADIES wishing to marry |^ood^ men call or
write MRS. HERTZ.' ',(!(. Ellis St.: no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertlEement3 and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A. BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ , -
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
- ¦ ' ' „.,__„
A— OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY 10 A. M.
Wanted — A pantryman, country hotel; see
party here: $25 to $30 a month. -
C. R. HAKSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN £ CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. !
Second cook, hotel, $50; broiler. . hotel, $50;
head cook, $50; baker, $40; dishwasher, $20.
same country hotel, one-half fare paid;
butcher, country hotel, $o0; barkeeper, $50;
head waiter, $C0; German waiter, country ho-
tel, $25; 2 colored waiters, country club, $.J5
each.
Gardener, good references, private place, 1
$40; Scandinavian or German coachman, good !
references. $G0.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 18^ |
Houseman, first-class place, city. J35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. !
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents., i
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Machinist, city shop ;
Blacksmith helper.. Blacksmith shop
Man and wife on share?, epp bocs here....
4 strong boys for factory' JC week
Gardener, Alameda County.... $28 and faun I
Milkers and buttcrmakers $30 and found
Plow teamsters " Farm hands
Woodchoppers Tiomakers
MURRAY -ft READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chief cook, mine $50 and found
Baker's helper, country shop.. $25 and found
5 cooks, city and country
$30 to $50 and found
Man to open oysters; waiters, $25 and $30
and found .*.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED 77
2 Portuguese milkers, Marln County, $25 to
$27 f>0; dairyman for small private ranch, J23
to $30: 4 woodchoppers, year's work, tools,
grub and fare advanced; man about place,
with reference?, $25; pruner and vineyard
work. $20 to $25. W. D. EWER & CO.. 61)
Claj- st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Man and wife ccoks. country. $65; chef, $30;
broiler. $60; runner. $30.
JOURN EYM EN Barbers' Union No. 148 meets
Monday evening, Janunry 21. at 32 O'Farrell
Bt. Hoeclal business. I. LESS, Secretary-
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Young man who is at present em-
ployed as lunch waiter with few spare hours
in morning to clean up saloon; state where
at' present employed. Box 1295, Call office.
BIG Inducement for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor. 1215 Market St., between
Elrhth and Ninth.
WANTED— 'a boy who hns' worked in the Jew-
elry trade. 23 Stevenson St.. room 17.
GOOD dishwasher who can cook short orders;
call early. Commercial Cafe, 39 Market st.
MAN to wash dishes and make himself gener-
ally useful. 44 Stockton st.
TAILOR to work on custom made military
blouses. 2822 Greenwich St., near Presidio.
TAILORS wanted for sitting room; every con-
venience. 411>i Kearny st., top floor.
BOY for German printing offlce. Room 4, 535
California st. .
FIUST-CLASS " dishwasher. restaurant. 2S
First st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 17 Washington st.
WANTED— Boy to vset type. Apply \t 632
Commercial st.
YOUjfG man to drive milk wagon; call after
2 p. m.. 1037 Valencia st.
GOOD second baker. 142 Second st.
WANTED— A man who understands nursery
work and jobbing gardening. Call COO Halght.
WANTED— A steady barber. 402 Brannan it.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried 'men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
.1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further. Information ap-
- ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce. 40 EUls
st.. J San Francisco. Cal.
BRIGHT men of good address: a splendid offer
for th* month of January; $1CO a month. In
addition to Falary and commission: do -not
call unless you are a flrst-clasx solicitor ot
good address;, references. 59 Columbian bids.
MEN OR WOMEN..:.........:....
.....Paid Big Commissions..
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. . ¦ - v -
THE Pasture Stock Ford Co., 32» Times build-
Ing, Chicago,; offer $1*> per week and 10 per
cent on all rales for a man with horse and
t-uggy. to s»!l Pasture Ptock Food.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed'.Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs' Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS,: attention — First-class barber shop:
choice location: Market st. : 5 chairs: n«wly
• fitted up; good trade; no agts. Box 1240, Call.
BRIGHT men , of good nd<1ress: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
.!. • a.'frn. at T02 Post st.
CIGARMAKERS. 228 Bush st77 third floor,
room i 4." - '
CARVER wanted: first-class man. FINK £
/..gCHlKDLER, 1309 Market St.
BARBER set for. sale, cheap, at Railroad and
."".Thirty-second 'aves.. South Pan Francisco.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 3058
Twenty-fourth st. : •. . ¦
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. : 10c, 13c and
v 20c.' Boston : . House, 330 , Howard • st; ,
GET your fhoes . half-soled while waiting; 25e
to 50c. v.Ki. Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop for sale: complete with fixtures.
' ¦.; Ml^Castro st.V-.cor.", Eighteenth:, sacrifice.
ALL Mres men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ,662 Mlsslcn St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. -.
PF,NSIONS^-J. II."- Shepard & Co., old reliable
; firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learri barber trade. 741A Howard st..
,; S. ; F. : Barber School. v
SAILORP.'- ordinary seamen and green hands;
? all parts of ¦¦ world, r. HERMAN'S. : 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar7
ket: 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
. 'bus and baggage to and ; froir 1 ferry. : _ - v
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has s. been : established ; at ' 1096
.Valencia st.* '. - - . .. ....
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and *nbs<-r1ptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at."
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years', experience : her knowledge of- the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional and !
business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
advirp and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market et.. corner Mason, room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card '¦
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. LAttOSE, clairvoyant, card reader: best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth.
MRS. Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant. watJT |
reader. ll,6th;German spoken; tel. Howard 1846.
MME. FABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
leaves; business advice. 1504 Market, r. 31-32. ,
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past, !
present, future; _3c 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c, 7 Seventh St.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card render; readings
daily. 109 Fifth st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
I band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant; card reader and -
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St.. rocms S-10. I
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings daily. 448-£ Jessie ft.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
edvlre; - names given: 25c tin. 5 Fourth Ft.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOX3. !
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, bungles, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
TOP buggy, piano box, nearly new, at a bar-
gain, 832 Market St.. room 6.
CAItTET HEATING AXD CLEAXIXO.
WHEN' you become distrusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-157 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per ynrd, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Elshth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCIIELK Carnet-B»ating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 4C2 Sutter st.;
tel. Main ??4. OF.O. WALCOM. Proprietor.
j CONKLIN'S Cnrpet-BeatlnK Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 1?B. I
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ineruwn nails, warts, chll-
hlnlns: rnlnl^S"! ri;r.» T)r. Duncan. 41S Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leys yucceygful. rto^m am. 927 Market st.
j COTTAGES TO LET.
! TWENTY-FIFTH. 3S33— Cottage of 3 rooms:
j large yard; rent $3.
I $14— SUNNY cottage. 4 rooms and bath: water
free. 637 Dolores *t., below Twentieth.
j DENTISTS.
I AT, the JELECT^O-DE^Xl-CLIJ?IC.',^0» -Mar- j
1 ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can |
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth 1
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, j
$3 .'0 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of- |
flre hcurs, 9 a. m. tn ll» p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2 I
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager, j
; A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all i
; plates, crowns and bridjeework. See our new j
unbreakable plate. th» Rose Pearl, warranted
j for 20 years; crowns, fi 50; fillings. Me; plates. |
• $•>. full set: all work painless and warranted.
! Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
] EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges ;
I and fillings: extracil.ins or fillings by my {
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years' j
experience; no students: advice free: prices 1
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. ;
I DR. GEORGE W. LKKKj 20 O'Farrell st. j
j DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh j
!. —No charge for extracting when plates ar» <
made; old pistes made over ll'ce new: teeth ,
from $S jier set: extracting, v 3Cc: gas given. '¦
i THE New York D»nt;«ts have moved to 969 j
I Mission Ft., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns j
and bridges: difficult, plate work solicited; |
! positive painleFe extraction. 50c. 1
DR. 11. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, th'.rd floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. 1
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S., 1206 Market St.— Ex- i
pert tooth extractor: crown and brldgework. |
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Burn—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Palnlf i-«" : evenings and Sun- j
days. 1C01 Market el., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES j
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School; 1
patterns cut; evening rlass. 1019 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
EA'El^G^icH^oiCr^r^Tiiiu^UVE^'cbL-
LEGE. 1236 Market Bt. ; Individual instruction t
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English brandies; |
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month. j
ALL students but two taking full course Oils
year get positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1230 Market St. |
AYRES' Business Collej:?, 723 Market st.—Day I
and evening; $? per month; $j0 life scholar- |
ship Guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand I
coursi-w; 17.4 rosltlons secured for our student^ j
durim; the past 5 months; catalogue free. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.— |
Shorthand, typing and liookkeeplng; Robert F. j
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand. 1 eportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post %t.. I
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, Ian- j
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day '
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free, j
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
nchool for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan 'or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
petitions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPINO or shorthand; Pitman nye-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teuch-
er. M. W. COBNT.LU 126 Kearny St.. r. S3.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeplng-flirures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mtning.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve;; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market. ,
MIPS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessone by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 802 Montgy.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merki, reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFlllppe'sAeademy
of languages,320 Postiestab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Fhorthand, Typlr.if Bookkep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. yrpenter. pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; f 5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Rt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The V.'eekly Call.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES?"^ •
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng Co.; eat.
1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 138. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cocks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Dugh 135.
JAPANESE ard Chinese employment offlce;
best help. f,;ti Q'Farrell St.; trl. Hyde 2191.
P.ELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Srockton: Main 518S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. §44 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE ami Japanese ¦ Employment I Offlce —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell Pt.: tel. East 426. ;;!
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG woman wishes place on a ranches
cook for men; good, references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter gt.
WOMAN with a child: good cook* and hou*e-
worker. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A— COMPETENT cook desires situation, hotel
or boardlng-houBP; good references. MISS
CULLEN; 225 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl want* a situation to
do upstairs work; - wage* $15. . Call , at 2725
Twenty-second st., corner Bryant.\
EXPERIENCED laundrers *a/id housecleaner
wishes work by the day; postals answered.
316 Minna gt. .; ?-XEfS£KBKa<>&atlHJ»;* ¦
YOUNG lady desires copying to do at home;
neat penman. Box 1232, . Call of flee. ...
A NEAT girl lately from Huneary wishes. a
• situation tfs general worker. : 1309 Stockton; ':•-'
GERMAN woman wanto situation to take care
' of an elderly lady and assist housework: 726
- Washington Bt., first floor.
PLAIN washing and mending done. 786V4 Fol-
som st.; ifpstairs.
HEMORRHOIDS.
XNTe^roTpilearpl^Pii^rP"**: "TTq**
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be intervi ewed .
no surgerj'. salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. .For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 19A CalL
HORSES. UVE STOCK. Kto— for »»le
iTHORSES for sale; also wagons bu.W
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hcr« 'Market.
.327 Sixth /t.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE, gentle- horse, together with surrey and
harness in good order for sale cheap. STAN-
LY MAYALL. G126 Kearny st.. 8. P.
BAY mare; gentle, handsome, speedy. Intelli-
gent and sound : good for pleasure or busi-
ness: $S0. 433 Third st.
FOR sale- A fine Jersey cow. Apply at 2S22
, Greenwich st. \
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
FOR sale-4 fresh cows, with calves If desired.
J. F. PERLE. Angel Island.
HOt'SKS TO *^, T j;
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for dr-
cul"r G H. UMRSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE. S25— Houfe of 9 sunny rooms; modern
Improvements. Apply «3 Grove st.
6 ROOMS, bath and basement; 14 Reed St.:
rent $15. Apply at 1325 Washington st.
$I2-REAR sunny house. 5 rooms. 2310 Callfor-
nla st.: apply middle flat.
~~~ HOUSES WAXTEn.,
WANTED— House in Belvedere, rent not_ io
ceed $.To. by tha year. Address box 125o. can.
nOUSE CLEAMXG.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1SW0:
removed to 419 Devlsadero st.. tel. Fell l»6.
~~~~~ HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND: teaches hypnotism ft mag-
netic healing for $5; five lessons. 997 Market.
' *~— ~~~~* —-———-¦—-—¦¦— --¦•*"*" l "*~~~~~*'~~~'~"*"^ g
LOST AND FOUXP.
LOST— January 20 St. Bernard dog. Please
return to 1501 Folsom st. ; reward.
LOST— Saturday forenoon In San Francisco, ft
gold watch attached to nugget pin. Liberal
reward will be given by the owner. 1177
Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland, Cal.
LOST— Black and white English setter deg;
liberal reward. 3214 Jackson st.
FOUND— O. and C. R. R. No. 6224 baggage
check. Owner apply at ' &7S Howard st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Ma-on.
OLD gold, silver, diamond* and precloua stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia »t. '
MEDICAL.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp 6th: world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
f r S». .After all others fall call on him.
MR3. DR. KOHL. 997 Market «t., cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5- positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice In S. F.: a
cure guaranteed: $5 at offlce: have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment «t
offlce 15; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 PoJt St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists: 82 years" practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return same
day.' HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, clr.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists: new process; sure cure: no medl-
cine;every woman her own physician. S23Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 103S Market— Ladles' »pe-
olallst: rafe and sur«» cure. *5: best care: low
fees: when all ethers fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYEP. ladles' specialist: home
for parents. SQ4 Fddy st.
DR NO TOY KER cures disease hv herbs:
artvW fr»». 7fl4 g^r— .— ..^to «t.. near Kwrnr.
BII5CELLAXEOUS — FOH SALE.-/;;
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand' machinery.. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bar?, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stuck of saloon outfits on hand;
I S2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1I)W, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price. '
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 CalifojTJia
st. : rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A WRITTEN guarantee given with everything
sold: your money back If not as represented;
estab. 1851. UNCLE HARRIS, la Grant ave.
FOR SALE— 1342 Seventeenth st.. a handsome
walnut sideboard; cost $350: will sell at a
bargain. Call between 12 and 5 p. m. .
GASOLINE engines, new and second-hand: all
plzes; cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56
Bluxome st. . j
ALEXANDER 8c CO., 110 Montgomery st.. sell
at low figures all makes of second-hand
typewriters.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
FINE diip for sale. 153 Tehama -St.. be-low
Third, flat 5. *
NINE weeks' old cocker pups: black and red;
champion stock. ROBINSON. 1823 Turk st.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch Collie dog. S months
old. 1425 Grove St., North Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sol A KROGH MFG. CO-
ON E 2V4 h. p. Hercules; 1 4 h. p. Hicks gaso-
line engine-; good order; bargain. 634 Mission.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 316 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers. lathes; 2d-hand. J. B"urke. 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
i MAGIC lanterns, new' and 2d-hand moving
I pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pout st.
SA FES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac old gold. 109 Sixth st : phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
I:'
MIXKS AXD MIXING.
LEARN something this. week about Montezuma
copper; we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO.. selling
agents. 310 Safe Deposit building. San Fran-
cisco.
FOR ! sale or exchange— Claim on well-known
stream In Klondike; owner in city. Address
box 1251. Call offlce.
VO>RV TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
". Interest in Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. : do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. DA> Market st.
ANY amount at « per cent: 1st. 2d and 3-1 mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: yet my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24, Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chnttel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY . respectab'e. private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, lewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry* Stor*. 846 Market
>t.: tel. Main 1C44. Branch 13 Third st
A— J-'^O.OOO ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mnrtsras^s; nctes and collat-
eral*. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rate*' on*, furniture,'. etc.. 'by private
party: no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. ». Room 3. ' Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable ; placi to I borrow I on - diamond*
watches, jewelry. V." J. . HESTHAL. 10 Sixth-
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamond*.'
ON r furniture. piano«: no •• removal; money
quirk: lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. U70 Market »U. room W.
EMPLO YBIEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
I5ESPECrABLE^Mtera'^'adV.'wisn^"a"poiiN
tlon as housekeeper. Address R.. postofflce
box S20, Sacramento, Cal. ~ ' - " "
WINCHESTER House. 44, Third st, near Mar-
,.ket-200 rooms; 25c to fl 50 night, $150 to $6
we « k J convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been Established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and *ub«cript!ons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore *t.
_ _ B . MP *'O'y_«EWT WAXTED— .MALE.
A— COMPETENT German and wife desire sit-
uations; understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butty St.
YOUNG man, German, wishes to do general
housework: speaks good English. Address
box 1292. Call office.
BY a young Englishman, situation In private
family as second butler. Box 1234. Call.
RELIABLE industrious gardener wants posi-
tion as coachman; can milk: General work;
private place: references; city or country.
Iiox 12D2. Call offlce. ¦--.
GENTLEMAN; 2S years; speaks German. Eng-
llsh, French: wishes position as cashier or
chief clerk; references given. Box 1243. Call.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker, wide experience
In woodworking, young: man, wants a situa-
tion of any kind; city or country. Address
724 Mission st.
MARRIED man wants work of some kind at
I living wages; good engineer or driver. Ad-
dress II. H. Ii.. 2SCS Laguim ct. -
A COOK wishes a situation In hotel, boarding-
house or restaurant; city or country. C2 Sec-
ond St.. room 14.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
Eardener; good propagator and can tnke care
of. horses. Address Gardener, box 12«S. Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachman by a flrst-
class man; best of references. Address box
2C76. Call office, Oakland.
FAINTER and paperhanerer wants work: has
complete -outfit tools and scaffolding. MERI-
GAN. 1202 Webster St.
WANTED— Position aa salesman and bookkeep-
er In cen. mdse. store in country by reliable
American: single; 30 yrs. are: 12 yrs. exp«rt-
ence; good refe. Address L. F., box 1223, Call.
YOUNG man speaking English, German and
Danish 'u&nt? position; good reference; long
experience In livery stable. Box 1224, Call.
AN" elderly man seeks employment of any
klr.d. C2C Sacramento st.
BAKER, foreman, reliable and steady, wants
situation: city or country. Address 1 Baker,
225 Third Bt.. Oakland.
WOULD like to have place as Janitor, watch-*
man or club waiter. Address Sunshine Court,
room 3.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllmore st>
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. -
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest Fanltary process may address
FKATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson *t.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT lower flat; 6 rooms and bath; mod-
ern; 1701 Oak st.. opposite Park Panhandle.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgom-
ery st. ¦
TO let— New flats on Buchanan *t., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.: 5 and 6
rooms and bnth: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. •
NICE cozy flats; 3 rooms; rent only 110. 118
Juniper st.. off Hanlson, between Tenth and
• Eleventh, opposite schoolhcuye.
KLAT, 3 large roorm: water free. I2i Linden
ave.: key at C24 Fell 6t.
NEW flat, 4 larrre sunny rodms: water free. 22
Fumner nt.. oft Howard, near Eighth.
IF you want to move g?t printed llFt flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat: 8 rooms, bath: good order. 1128
Howard st.. near Seventh.
SACRAMENTO. 1365-t-Two bay-window flats of
three -rxires: gas; rent S7 and $12 60.
$10 — COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave., HA blocks from Market, between Goush
and OctAvla.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
/y^^^LEjDJft EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco or
Oakland property— 20 acres, near Applegate,
Plai-er County; highly Improved and In per-
feqt condition: entirely fenced; complete irri-
gation system: new modern villa, fi rooms
and bath: barn, horses, cows. Implements,
rtc. : must be sold at once ¦ on account of
death of owner and impossibility of protwrly
oaring for property. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1C60 Broadway. Oakland.
furniture: for sale.
FURNITURE, bedding, etc.. cf 4 roams for
pale: $100. Call or address . PROCTOR. ',%
Webster Ft.
NICELY furnished flat of S rooms. 1411 Mason
st.; call between 11 and 3: no dealers.
4 ROOMS furnlrhed In oak $48 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of C rooms, partly rented: rent
$11 month. 94 Zoe st.. corner Brannan.
furniture: wanted.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture &. furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
fete; see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 335.1.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pay* highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GAS EXGINES.
NOTICE to gas engine buyers — The J. von Ser-
key. combination gas engine Is the latest in-
! vention; It Is the best and cheapest; It Is self-
starting under full load and reverse without
! cluthches or gearing; Is noiseless and is very
economizing and simple. 108 Main St., San
| Francisco, Cal. Price $40 per horse power for
medium sires. .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE).
! MRS. M. E. DAT & CO... PHONE MAIN 1575
! HOTEL DEPARTMENT
; Waitresses, chambermaids and other help for
i city and country hotels
ALSO
First-class family help of air kinds
MRS. M. E. DAY wishes to notiry her
friends and the public that she has opened
a first-class employment agency at 335 Geary
St.. where she will be pleased to see all old
and new customers.
M. E. PAY & CO 335 Oeary st.
WOMAN with a child/country, $15; 10 cham-
bermaids and waitresses, city and country.
$20 and $23: second girl, sleep home J15
nurse, Oakland. $20;. nureegirl. country. $15;
nurse, one child, city. $20; housework, Berke-
ley, $25; housework, Alhmeda. $23; housework,
city. »30. 2 in family. MISS CULLEN. 323
i Sutter et.
TWO second elrls, $25 each; second girl, two
In family, }20: two houseglrls. $30 each; 6
cooks, $30 and S3.V. 50 housework girls, $20, $23
and $30; housegirl. Oakland. $30;' houseglrl.
City, $25, two in family, .no washing; woman
with a child. $15; ranch cook; Chambermaid,
$20: waitress. $20; nurseglrl, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. - , .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
i Waitresses, city and country, $20, free fare;
chambermalda, city, $17 50. •
¦ • \ ¦
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Ktraurs & Co.'* overall factory, 32% Fremont
•st. - ; . Apply to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED girl who can sew and make
up blank books; steady work; $9 week. Elnd-
-ery, Oakland Enquirer, 416 Tenth St., Oakl'd.
APPRENTICE wanted for corset making. 247
Geary St.; call after 9a.; m.- . • :'.
YOUNG girl for. small family; plain cooking and
housework. Call 0 to 12 a. m. at 1810 ; Laguna.
G1R1, 'i for General * housework; no cooking.
Apply,9 to 11.. 2643 Bryant st. • ¦ - r '
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1211 Ma-
sonlc ave., near Halght st. ;-
WANTED— Assistant coat operators ; on shop
work. , 870 Folsom st. : /
APPRENTICES • and finishers '„ on coats. 117
Russ . st.. - Monday. >' -
GIRL wanted for ! candy ' store; '- experience nbt
necessary. , Call after 8 a. m. at 187 Seventh.
WANTED- Competent girl for ! general house-
work; small family; $20. - Call 251S Broadway/
.YOUNG, girl ; for general ¦ housework. 1747
"POBt St.- /;¦•.- ;. --: ¦:-.:...'... ' '
GIRL for general- housework. , $15. 219 Hayes
: street. ¦ '¦ .-.•¦• .... ..---.:.•¦
NEAT willing gir< for general housework, $15.
'.1420 Post St. ¦¦; ' \ v ... ,-¦; "¦¦" ... .•• •'_<¦; '£,'
FfRST-CLASS talloress and apprentices on cusi
;tom coat*; steady. work. 186 Shipley, off 5thi
'¦¦¦¦¦ ¦•.... . j. ,- ,. - . . -.- -
SAX TRAXCISCO CALL.
PUFINEPS OFFICE or The Ban Francisco
OH. ccmer of Market and Third street*: oj»n,
cnt!I 12 o'clock every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CT7 Montgomery ttreet.
comer Clay; cpen until $:S9 p. m.
fCO Hayes rtreet: open until 9:10 p. m.
ftf McAllister ttreet: open until 9:50 i>, m.
• *..' Larkin ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
::-<! Mleiion ctreet: open until 10 p. s-
2JC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
crtil S p. ra.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ~_
IK'S Valencia street: ©pen until I p. xa.
Northwest corner Twenty-second aad Ken-
?ncky streetr: open until 9 p. m.
mSSTiaiG AOTICBS.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. _=.
K. T.. Golden Gate building. CS Sut- Sg^
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- £~|
ING. _t 6 o'clock. A.11 fratt-rs are cour- &0
leoutly invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
\~_L T. FONDA, Recorder.
BAN KnANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Roy-J-^X- i
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. }LJ\
Buslses. and M. M. decree.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. •
II. — O'.fiCfrs r.ad ni'mbors a.re notified - t Jf\ r
to Btter.d the funeral ot i«r lute lC ._*;
brother, JOHN KOBINSON BRETT, f^r *
at Mountain View Cemetery. MONDAY. Jan- \
ua.ry 21. Take 3:15 nirrow-eauge boat to
Oakland, liy order of the MASTER.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. BJid A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at -^V,
7:30 o'clock, th:r<l dp-give. Master Ma- }Lj\
bo_s cordiaily invited. By order of the ' >
V.'. M. WALTER O. ANDERSON. Sec
HEP.JIAXK Lodge No. 12T. F. and A. ft
M-— C_lled rcertiiii THIS DAT (MON- J\_
DAT). J_nuery 2L 1*OL «t 7:20 o'e!<«-k. jSJC
Degree L By order of the W. M. /XT >
L. gCHUMAOHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2S0, F. M
and A. M.. Fmnklln Hall. Flllmore __IV_
et.. between Ru*h and Butter— First tZJc
Cegree THIS EVENING at T:SO o'clock. /^F>
HARKY BAEHR. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. iTo. O. -«_*,
F.— Meet'.r.g of ?r«c;_l lir.p^nauce
MONDAY NIGHT. January 2L
All members earnestly requested 'wiivr-
to extend. W. El WE1CHHART. N. O.
C. L. ZIEGLEH. R. S.
THE 6t. Andrew's Society will ceW _ _.
Irate the U2<5 anniversary cf th«?V,&t£j
birth of ROBERT BURNS on FRI-
DAY BVKKXXQ. 25th of Januarj-. '***?•
In Scottish Uall. 107 Larkin it., by a concert
an- dance. ALLAN POLLOK. Pres.
GEO. St. J. BREMXER. Secretary.
THE regular -nnual meeting of the ftockhold-
er* of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
San Francisco will be held at tile offlce of
the company in the Union Trust Company's
. building, corner Montgomery, Post and Mar-
ket ».ta.. San Francisco, C_l., on MONDAY,
the «th day of February. 1W1. at the hour of
r o'clock p. rn., for the purpoee of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the company and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
_ tng. I. W. HEI.LMAX JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company -.ill be held at the office of the
con-.rany. 327 Market *t.. San Francisco. Cal..
on MONDAY, the 2Sth day of January. 1901,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to ?erve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business n may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
<Uy. January 1". IWL, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing cf the stockholder* of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany, ~; Market ct.. Ean Francisco, on Tues-
day. January 2*. 1WL at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve f<Jp the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of cuch other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office K2 Market St., San Francisco, C*L
January 10. 1S01.
TO the ctockholders and members of the C F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice Is
hereby gl-en that a general meeting of th»
rtockholders end member* of the C F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at it*
efftee and place of business. No. 1200 Market
rt.. In the city and county of San Francisco,
etate of California, on SATURDAY, the 26th
<!ay cf Jaauary. 13C1. at the hour of li
o'clock m.. tne object of said meeting betng
the removal from office cf the following
r_— led directors of said coporatlon. to wit:
C. II. Koehncke, Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
11-jeller and Alfred Fuhrman. and that at
r uch — :eeting it Is the intention of the under-
fflgned to propose the removal of each of said
directors, and also at said meeting the repeal.
amendment and adoption of new by-lawn will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
ship Company will be held at the offlce ot
the cornDaar. ZT! Market rt.. Pan Francisco.
California, en MONDAY. January 21. 1D01. at
the hour ef 11 o'clock a. ra.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Br>ard of Director) « tn serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
fuch other business as may come before the
meetirur. Tr»n«fer hock* -rill rlone on Thur»-
cay, January 10. 1!>C1. at S o'clock p. ra.
V.. H. PTI-T.no»;. Pecretury
AGI3XTS WAXTED.
AGENTS with a little rr.orey to handle a. new
household article; newly patented. CALI-
FORNIA MANUFACTURING CO., 825 Mis-
rion ft-
VT ANTED — Ace-it* In California. Oregon
Washfrrtor: ereat proposition. Call or ad.
AMOS CURRIER. 6 Ed<jy St.. r. 52. S-10 a. m.
SKW TO *.VW rx>r month: men nr «omon: calnrv
nr roimr1«rinn nr both. o~f MsrVet «t.. r. IIS.
ADOPTIOX.
HEALTHY b*by fnr adoption! MRS. d£
FT'NKE. H:C Eighth rt.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LA.W.
R. VT. KING. 527 Market St.. Cth floor, room 657
— Estates, damagefi, attarhments, bankruptcy,
ro'.lectlor.s; all <*e.«es; fair fee; no advance,
chanrer: loans on estate?. Tel. Howard 1j37.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without -ucceey; collectlors. <>. W.
HOWE, atty st law. 8.10 Market, cor. Sto-.ktn.
FRANK W. SMITH: mining and probat* law a
rpeclalty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir. : tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: ro charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market rU. cpp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.: *v-inMj!t»t!fn free: no fees In advance.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXO.
3. PELTIER, asphalt rocfing. sidewalks re-
paired: rnstxi 11RC Ml**l"n- t_L Folsom 1WT.
BATH CABIX'ETS.
ELECTRIC light bcth cabinets in let and for
ral>. ir.SC Point Lotv-s ave.
IIOARUIXG FOR CUILDRCX.
RESPECTABLE German lady would like a
baby or 2 sm-.ll children to board: a g-ood
home. Corner Third ave. and California
et. south, Richmond District, city.
KEFINED home; English: musical; reason-
able. KfS Clay rt.. Oakland.
DCSIHBSS CUAXCES.
A— J30O0: CHOP house and oyster grotto; near
Emr>orlum: rent }1£>; lease: dally receipts
$100. Particular* R. <j. WIL.KE. 26 1 * Kearny.
A— 1700; COR. butcher Fhop, In northern part of
city; rent t?0: horse, cart: Belling 4 cattle
miii R bout 15 sheep per week; a cash custom.
Call K. «. WILKE. 2CH Kearny gt.
A— S35W: WINE and liquor buelnees in Oakland,
with a-rncy for on* of the largest wineries
in the Stcte; a rushing bar trade and large
route of urlvate customer*; located on prin-
clpal ctreet. Call R. O. WILKE, 26V4 Ke«rny.
A— 5000; THIRD interest In laundry company;
doing a flrct-clas* businest: retiring partner
to leave for New Tork. Apply R. G. WILKE.
£S% Kearny gt. ¦ *
A— ONE nr the best seloon* with commercial
lunch: close to Palace Hotel; rent J50; owner
tick In bed: a «rr*_t sacrifice; only &00 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— ISOO: CORNER grocery and bar on L-ncton
rt. ; rent $30: place e-ta.b. 20 year*; must b«-11
C5 owner vants to retire and rive long lease
to right party. R. G. \YILKE> 26Vj Kearny.
A— GROCERY and bar with 4 living rooms-
rent 120: do« a good buxiness 'tSSO
putcher *hop in Mission; dally pales $10 to
$00; rent $15; fine lixtures; *nap t»oo
CiJ-ber shop on Market «.; clears $60 month;
rent Il»: nice location 't2Z& .
MARION GRIFFIN. 718 Market *t.. room 1. j
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., near Call bldg j
Kaloon in best part of city; does a very fine
husinra; estab. 6 years; price $1000. which is i
leys than one-half cost of the fixtures.
FIRST -CLAFR saloon; elegant fixtures ; must I
eell before February 1: owner must go north; I
trial given; easy terms: see this bargain. •
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market et.
RESTAURANT for Kale; fine location: doing
a good-paying business. H. C DECKER,
1C20 Market *t.
TO buy. sell cr exchange real estate, store or
business place call on H. C. DECKER, 1C20
Market st. No charge* for advertising.
A CORNER grocery; beat i>art city; living
rooms. COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt. .
k RESTAURANT: heart of city: best bargain
ever offered. COWING &. CO.. 719 Market- rt.
BCSIM2SS CHAXCES—CONTIPfCED.
PARTNER wanted in a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a' good. safe,
eolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
ef lorraer manager owner has decided to sell
. an Interest to an acceptable party: duties will
be the keeplnc of accounts and assisting:
generally in the management of the business;
capital required $5000 to {10.CC0; full value in
sight; books and buMnees open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632
Market gt. ' . ¦
SALOON and merchants' lunch: good fixtures:
good stock of liquors; paying business; good
re-aeons for selllne: rent $40; price $400; many
choice business opportunities. Call G. W.
SCHWEINHARD. rooms 1-2. 917 Market st.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
etore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
irrocery bualnefs: Epeclal Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
$450— LAUNDRY route, with good horse and
wagen. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'j Market.
$1100 — Butcher shop; country town: business
31200 mo. Mclaughlin & co., 7774 Market.
$200— CORNER saloon; must be sold at once on
account of sickness; investigate. Call at
170 Seventh et.
jeoo— PARTNER wanted; flrst-claEs paloon; fine
location; receipts $900 to $1000 month. Box
12S6. Call offlce.
AN Investment of 12500 in a business ready for
operation will return above amount back to
investor within 8 months: bona fide; will
stand Investigation, i-27 Market St.. r. 613.
A PARTNER In a first-class butcher business
in a thriving city on this coast; practical man
preferred: capital required $lS00 to $2C00. Box
11?4. Call offlce.
AA— J4C0: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
W*ltlng-room. 23d ave. station. E. Oakland.
PRACTICAL poultry man wants active or si-
lent" partner, lady or gentleman, with $400 to
start ixiultry ranch. Box 1267, Call office.
PRACTICAL farmer will take well stocked
dairy or poultry ranch in shares. Box .126:*.
Call offlce.
GOOD paying restaurant on Keamy st. for
File or exchange for lodging houf>e. A. L.
WILLEY, 516 Market et.. room IS.
RESTAURANT; good business; student trade;
muit be gold; will iell cheap. 2157 Center
St.. Berkeley.
GROCERY store for sale; bargain; cause of
sale elckne*?; no s gents. Call on Owner,
12S7 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
STATIONERY, notions and cigar store; good
location; with 3 living rooms. Address box
A. Call branch offlce. 100 Hayes st.
ROTTTE on Chronicle. 687A Natoma st.
A WELL established, small Jewelery store at
_ a. reasonable price. Call- at 106 Eleventh st.
SALOON for sale; opposite the Ferry. Apply
HI Eact st, north of Market.
OUTSIDE route for sale on this paper. Apply
Call office.
$C50— RESTAURANT for Bale. Box 1176, Call
offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale, whole or half; will
give trial. 869 Howard st.
$30 WINS $300 pe r month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r.' 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription.*
received at Call branch offlce. 23X) Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1C06
Valencia n.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
3G-ROOM house; clears $100: Pine st.^T^TTva}
15 rooms: north of Market Bt 750
EO-room boarding-hou;e; clears $300 1000
10-room flat; downtown EOft
14 rooms; on Mlp«lon Ft 3C0
E0 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2E0O
JS rooms; on Third st 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3300
24 rooms; on Geary st.: clears $150 1900
28 rooms; on Kearny st. ; clears $150 1600
33 rooms; on Market st 1400
12 rooms; clears $75 1^0
600 others— Prices from $1CO to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market; phone Mint 7?6.
718 Market: tel. Black 1S03: near Call building.
6-room flat*. $500. $250, $225. $300 and J2W
10 rooms. Income $70. rent $40 S50
12 rms. Income $S8. death of owner, bargain.
14 rooms, clean, sunny, clears $J3 month. 700
16 rooms, nice, ¦ H cash, clears $:><5 month. 1000
16 rooms, rent t'A clears $61 75 per month S.V>
TO rooms, central, clean, coins money 12CO
24 rooms, near Market St., clears $130 1800
£5 rooms, nice Sutter-?t. residence. If you
want the beit see this elegant house.
S8 room*, rent $44, ?0 steady roomers 700
40 rooms, fine house. eleg"t fur., rent $150 4500
CO ROOMS; newly furnished; rent Sl.Q $3000
S7 rooms: money-maker; near Market 1900
SO rooms; Van Nwi; finely furn.: extra.. 950
15 rooms; L*avenworth; rent $57 CO WOO
10 room*; $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
20 rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only }65 month; clears $100 month: special
Fncp. FISHER & CO. 1002 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; ran
tuit all buyers: employ 5 Derpons who are
dally adding new house? to list: title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyers;
no fak» pricey; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced. G. W.
SCmVEIKHARI). rooms 1-2. 917 Market St..
telephone Mint 1 Q 11.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st. ~
Telephone Mint U»l
47 room*: Al location: part cash $2700
V> rooms; north of Market 27CO
26 rooms; sunny corner •. 2100
31 rooms; worth $2!<X): reduced to 1300
20 rooms; i-orner (new); rent $KD 1300
10 ROOMS, newly furnished: payments JSoO
Co rooms; clears $300; will loan half 6500
10 rooms; very cheap; only $2.".O cash 500
$50.0<'i0 to l<-an at \\(, per cent: tel. Main 12S.
DAVIS & RIVES. 91fi Market st.
CALL and <*>•<• our lift of bargains in houses;
we have them tn any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Sixth st.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St.. room
6. Eig bargains: list In offlce; money loaned;
clear title; houses e!l full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny st., rm. 6.
DEPARTMENT house for Kale of 62 room*:
eplendld lecallty: big bargain; $2500. JOHN
KLDER CO.. «SC Market Ft.
FOR sale cheap — A fine 12-room lodging-houce;
respectable and first-class; bent of reasons
for eellirg; no agents need apply. SIS O'Far-
rell st.
A-$4fiO: GREATEST bargain In town; U
rocms and bath: new furniture; must be sold.
SPfl Market st.. room S. ,
NEWLY furnished houee of 10 rooms for sale
at a Facriflce on account of sickness. ' 637
Howard Et ; good location.
FOR Sale — New. modem fc-room flat, nicely fur-
nished: rent very cheap. Call 732 Ellis St..
between 1 and 5 p. m.; no agents.
j2<"«ftO— H6 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
13-ROOM house: always full; good location;
every room light and sunny. E04 Third st.
WILL pay cash for good paying lodnrtng-house
or hotel. Address box 1012. Call office.
$€.%0— LODCING-HOTTSE o'. 76 room*; $250 ln-
rome. 105 New Montgoriery st.
GREAT racrlfice; 16 rooms; must sell. 133
Hyde st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. worid-.-enowned spldu
ual medium: advice In all affairs of life, law-
suit*, divorces, deaths; unites the eepnratei;
mining a specialty 1 ; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
£22 Kddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; ceance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER-Readlngs dally; circle every
ev»., 10c. except Wed.; devel. circle. 222 Turk.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak. trance* medium;
readings $1; hour* 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP HrII. 335 McAllfster—Mrs. C. J.
Mtyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; lOo.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
life reader. — led. «»l»i— -«v»nt. 11«4 O'Farrell.
' CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. ' ~* T
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third Bt,. next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
| rectly. gives an accurate description of the
' past, reveal* the present happening* and por-
j tray* event* to occur in the future. If you
j are in trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
catlsfied In life, or have domestic, love or busl-
, ness troubles, consult this , great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
\ aluable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by n.all; write for Informa-
j tlon; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MKS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1208 Mar-
ket et.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
an-l 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for patn-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MADAM LOUISA, clairvoyant, palmist "and
card reader; circles Monday. Wednesday and
Thursday; ¦ mall orders. 509 Shotwell st..
near Nineteenth.
IS MAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
I almiet, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY loaned salaried p«opl« without seeurUr.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 1.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6"%: undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 368 Parrott build-
Ing; men can secure loans on personal notr*.
CASH leaned on salaries; New York plan.
! THE TOITSI.EY CO.. 321 Parrott blilg.
; MONEY t«. loan on furniture by private party;
low nte. 917 Market st.. room L
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
I lndorser. MORRELL. 609 E— aminer building.
1 TO salaried people without collateral or I-i-
d^rrT. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b\z.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
CHICXERING -..* J75
Great Union 94
Haines Bros 109
Hallett & Davis _ t.W
Sherwood & Son — i.-r»
Kramer Bros — isi>
Benrider - 13-)
Arlon - ijf>
Schledemeyer •' - igii
Sterling ~ 2:3
Curtaz - ZV>
Standard — 2s*
Conover • 2^>
Easy payments if df«lr*»d. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CUIiTAZ &, SON. 15 O'Farre!!
st. . Checkering Agency.
1 ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway do-wn. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlm»
within three years from date of purchasf.
Beautiful new uprights sold (or $3 cash and
$t> per month. We offer to sell aom« good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stetnwav dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
AN opportunity of a lifetime. Will sell th<*
following pianos: Guild $37 50
Novella upright .-. 87 CO
Weber 125 00
2 Helnes $230 and 490 00
Hallet-Davls 49S CO
SO new pianos at $1S2. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st., agents Hallet-Davla, oldest and
most famous pianos In existence. Our new
rent contract you have privilege to return
piano If not satisfied.
THE Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 769 Market st.
are offering the best bargains In piano* that
are to be found in this city. They offer fln<»
Decker & Son. Packard, Baumeister. Straube.
Gllmore or Arlington, at lowest price* and
allow you to pay In small Installments If you
prefer. Any piano sold will be taken in ex-
change for a Decker at any time. Second-
hand instruments at special bargain* always
on hand.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
'west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2S.
23 and 30 O'Farrell st: pianos. or~ans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy this
customer. '
AN elegant stock of new uprights; also a fsw
fine second-hand, from $50 up. Call on u«
before buying and pave, money. J. DEWTNQ
CO., 12 Flood building.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; SJeck. Haniman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Po»t.
LEFT on sale. $2SS. Hall-t & DaTl» upright;
cost $675. Room SS. 217 Geary St.
FOR sale or rent— A fine upright piano; terms
moderate. K3 Mission St.
BARGAIN— Must b» sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright ch»ap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright: sacrifice; leaving
city; standard make. 32t Golden Gate ave.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
P.YRON MAUZY. agency Pohmer & Co.. Bvrort
Mauzy. Gabl»r and Spellman ptanoaL 3C8 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
lead»r. only $1SO. BRUENN. 203 Post st.
J-PEPAL .nprigbt : nearlv new; bargain; owner
it leaving city. 22S3 Mission st.
A3P KF.EFFES. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
: rights at your own prio. Shoninger agency.
! BEST rent *tnck In city: now planes. $3 per
j month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SrPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 1«
r>n •*<•-. In — — p-~»- ?«- mit Mine*. *• T»#- v*%T.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
NEW store. 4 rooms, bath, yard; splendid lo-
cation for grocery cr butcher, pork, produce.
delicacy business. Apply 290 Crescent ave.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops.
exoloits and sells otl lands; has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields; communication.- confidential. F.
H. Hausman. Sec, 8th floor, r. 32. Mills bldff.
JOSEPH B. TOPLTTZ. $30 Pine street.
MEMEER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHASOS.
Countrv correspondence solicited.
OIL LA.YI1S FOR SALE.
20 OR 40 acres for sale in 24—23—27. Kern River
Oil District: a grand chance for a company It
taken immediately. I. S. EWEN. 123. Cali-
fornia St.. rocn? 4"-:. San Francisco. CaU -—
KERN River; proven territory: line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A Somea. r. 104. Chronicle.
; PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. S3
ko. Jensen & Bath. 303 Sixth nt. : nnen evenings.
PALMISTRY.
\IRS. BALDWIN, late of the Chirologioal Col-
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school In
this city; scientific palmistry taught; read-
ings; hours 10-12 and 1-3. 309 Powell St.
Arrived— Prof. A. Myers, th? celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation $_,
1425 Mission, nr. 11th: 10 to 12m. 2 to 5 p. ra.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmlot. SIS
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5«_
PATEXTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OEO. r>. CAMPEKU* lawyer. Examiner big.
~~~ PERSONALS.
THE willow BARK CO. will paj Jioo tn.
any one treated by them and not cured of
ABSINTHE, Liquor. Opium. Morphine; pri-
vate or at sanitarium, 1SX) Polk st., San
Francisco.
ARE you bald? Is your hair gray or falling?
Have you dandruff? I. guarantee a cure.
1 MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy St.. rooma 73-74.
FINE suits. $t0: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
15c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tho ferry.
V. CONDORY. M. D., assistant physician to
Dr W. T. Garwood : offlce hours, 10 to 12. S to
4. 6 to 8 p. m. : tel. Prown 131. 301 Sutter st.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns; February style,
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 103 Market st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quartet"
-cr double. $2 2i EASTERN . OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 3i7 Jessie st.
GREAT curiosity; a petrlfled fish; fe« 25c 830
Market st., parlor 37.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole- destroyed with
electric neerlle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. t_« best
corn cure: 230:^11 druggist*.
MME.HOPKINS' new discovery for rheumatism:
positive cure. 90S Market, office 22. 2d noor.
ALFREDUMS Egyntlan Henna: restore* gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th»
United .ctafes or Canada one year for $t
.PHYS1CIAXS AMD SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONN"LL— Office and residence^
Ifl21*4 Market »t. between Sixth and Seventh.
HUOPEKTV WAXTED.
WANTED— Income rmp»rty for cash: must b«
bargain. A. ?*. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market.
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR S1LI3,
11'" - you have property north of the Park and
you wish. to »ell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California «t.
FOR sale— A magnificent piece of Chinatown
property: rents over $3C0 a menth. Box 1-5S.
Call office.
FOR sale— An exceptional bargain In that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date residence, 775 Col*
st. ; .new: elegantly decorated: open dally.
FOR sale — S lots In Richmond district; owner
. going to Nome. Bos 12S7, Call ofile*' The . officers of Liberty Lodge of the
Knights of Honor, have been installed by
Deputy Learned, . assisted " k by,: a /number
of the Rraryl officers. > The ceremony was
followed by a social hour. Ben I. .Salo
mon, for- a number of -; years the very
active reporter of this lodge, retired from
active, loageroorn work by declining a re
nomlnation. j : V . ¦ =
Deputy. Bummers ;has' Installed the of
ficers .- of" Yerba ,' Buena ¦ I^odge . with the
assistance- of the grand 'Officers. The tn-
Btallatlon banquet will be held to-morrow
night, at; which time .th«rei- will be a pre
sentation to F. F. Wedeklnd.' the retired
past dictator.. .. ¦-• . • > , . - . - .--*„-.*
¦Germania >L<xJjre- had-. Its oftlcerw" \t\
stalled;-by Grand Dictator Archibald and
a>lull corps of grand -officers. , The In
stallation- was followed by, a German suo
per. v at which- Dr. :, Kichler - presided ¦- as
toastmaater." ,,Those who attended as vis'
itors-had an opportunity to learn. what
German hospitality, Is. ".. ¦'':¦¦ .,.-.¦¦¦
Last Thursday, nights the officers of "the
lodges at" Petaluroa were installed for the
current'_Lterrn.~ ¦ :. ' ' ;. " - .--*•¦¦-¦•.•
•: a Last .'; week > Grand Dictator' < Arcblba] 1
paidfa'vistt.to.the lodgejn Fresno.' wher.3
there awa»:; the r initiation of a class ,tjf i
twenty-two. candidates..' The lodge adopt- ¦
fd a plan to' make lodge meetings Inter
et ting; and : to - increase the membership, i
Knights of Honor, at Work,
GRAND HOTEL.
G WinVtel & w, Cal I Miss Sherwood & e.
R T Anderson. Oakld Berkeley
C T Noyes, Sacto T D CofTman, Cal
R Reynolds, Pasadena G J Weil. N T
R J Ward. L Ane ' . 1 W B Guild. Boston
E Nu»bamer, Oakland I Dr Wlleox & w.
W- Moldrup. Alameda G F Young, Modesto
W B Harrub. Oakland |C H Wright. Wls
W G Woods, Sacto H C Ross, Sacto
C E Ackerman, Cal B F Shepherd. Fresno
D R Gill, Oakland W. W Lean & d. Iowa
R T Todd, Oakland G V.' Lean, Iowa
F J Settelle. El Paso R L Nlcar & w. Wash
L L Green, Oroville S G Marschultz. L A
G Berg. Panoehe R T Dandermade, Can
H C Mitchell. Cal F C Gates & w. Ohio
G E Mitchell. Cal F Mist. Stockton
J H Chinn. S Diego W F Knox, Saeto
G Relnhardt & w. Cal \V Bucher & w, Cal
Dr Merryman & w, 151 A Crum. Templcton
R Forbes, w & c. LA|J M Canty, Grayson
E Clark.: S L Obispo Mre E Jones, Stent
A Dermott & w, B C M Mayfleld, Alameda
J H Conley, Oakdale W Johnson & f. Nev
E J Bates, Cal L Erelsson. Salt Lake
J Ersktne. Salt Lake Mrs Winchester, Cal
R Lauren. Stockton J Werde, - Benlcla
J H Smith, Stockton H Dinkelspiel, Suisun
C M Sullivan, Benicia F E Provost, Cal
J McDonnell, . Menlo . W Bale, St Helena
Miss Blethen A s. Seat M Selander, St Helena
W Edinger, Jackson S Mclvor. Minn '
S Urer, Sacto • J Jubal & d, Minn
C J Pearl, Sacto C Kolberg. Healdsbrg
G B Smyth. Denver B Mugeles, Sissons
G P Jones; Denver C Hart, Sacto
H M Barry, Oakland B - Unpmann. Woodld
H T Smith, Cal F U'atklns, Woodland
PALACE HOTEI*
C.B Eplivado & w^CalrJ B Steenbock. Cal
C J Smith, Berkeley y 5 M Newmark. Ls Ang
TV Cames. Oakland R N. Heron, Los Anr
E W Churchill St w.Cal R B McKay, Cinn
F W Leavitt, 0akl4nd J S Balckan, Scotland
E B Gaje & w, Ariz E TV Gllmore, Los Ang
B Cueklninl, " Emer'yvil AS Uttlefleld, Chtcag
CGoslinir, Chicaso - EM Fry. ChicaBO
J C K Van E>, Cal . Mrs J Chilbers, Seattle
E W Shea. ¦ Milwaukee Mrs W Reinhirt, Seatt
W Seig, Milwaukee W F Jones & w, N J
P Elftman, Minn J M Meigher. Grovelnd
H L Packard. Cal E Taussi* & w, NY
H I> Thomas Jr. NY W M Sampson, t>env«r
T E Jefferson Spokane Miss W Ledbetter, Tex
i D Farrell, Seattle E B Overstreet; Mo
Miss M Strain, Mont J M Dougherty Texas
C L Young. N Y P H Perkins, Colo
A Wyckes, NT' ' W A Whltson. S Diego
W J Walsh,' NY J Flnneil. Tehama
J A Lewis. NY H W- Robinson, Ohio
J EChilberg. Seattle • W B Parsons Jr <fc w.
S H Shoenlnger, 111 New York
H Herbert'* w. - Waab W- B Counth, Phils.
F H Yost,' Stanford •' Mine Counth. Phlla
Mrs J P. Jaramlllo.Colo R Roberts; . Madera
MUs Jaramlllo, Colo F S Johnson & w, Cal
Mies 'M Patler. Oa J Roslyn. Oroville
Mrs Sllverhorn, Cal Miss Peyton. ¦ Spokana
Mies Stlverhorn, Cal Miss Smith. Spokana
E K Snylor. B Cr J H Peet. Spokane I
M N Gerhard. NY
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
Bernard S. ' Miller to" Henrletts-^IJchtensteln
and Charlotte Elsenbers, lot on N.'llnc of -Po*t
street, 103:1%. W. of -Hyde, W 34MV4 by N I37;6;
gift." ¦- -¦ ¦'- -¦;¦' '• "V.-.l* ¦ •
Christian and L«cy Mailer to .Marten B.
Jooet, lot S, Wock IS, Market-street. HomeeteaU;
WQ. • ¦ • ¦ ¦ ' '
Jchn Murray to Gottlieb Brackrog, let on SE
line of California avenue, 121 S of Eve street,
S 2S by E 132: *S*V :
Famu'l J. Kingston *to Henry F. " Blanchet
Jr.. block 839. Salt Marsh and Tide Lands; $300.
Patrick Plover to Jane and John Plover., lot
on NW line of Market street, 6:11HE: of Fell,
N W:11H, E 55. S 60:*, S\V *7:9Vi: »!.•
Cal\-ln E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Mary
E Talbot, lot on E line of Van N>«s avenue,
75 N Of Green. N 25 by E IK: $12,5W,
ElUa J. Ellerhorft to Zachsrls Nouque, lot
on S line of Pine ftreet, SO E of Laguna, E
!7:« by S 137:6: $10. ' ¦¦. " ¦ - .
Louis Tlnnemann to Bertha Tlnnemann, lot
on E" line of Devtfadero street, 87:6 N of Sut
ler. N 25 by E 87:6; gift. .
, James and Mrs. G. H. Tyson to F. M.
Ames, lot on N line of Green street, 30 -\V of
Scott. W 2:6 by N 107:6; |U
George L. Sharp to. Sarah S, Nortqn. undi
vided U In reversionary interest blocks 78 and
73. map of»January 15, 51 W of Larkln street;
Francisco Arata to -Georgre TV. Call, lot on
N line of.Pariflc street, 4) E of Ohio place
(Preetoo). N S7:8 by E 4^ Inches; J50;
Patrick Plover to Katie V. Plover, lot on 3
line of -Broadway. U0:lfl W of Kearny street.
\V t*:6%. S 61:3. SB 37:4%, E 21:7*;; $1.
Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Ruby Hill
Vineyard Company j (a corporation), lot on N
corner of Mission and Annie streets, NE 57:8
by NW SO; $100,000. •
Patrick . riover to Mary J. Plo\-er. lot on S
corner, of Howard and Langton streets, SW 75
by SE 100; SI.
San Francisco I.and: C< • to Annie A.
Vanderllp- (wife of John J.'. lot on W line of
Tenth avenue. 150 S of California, street. S 2S
by W 120; *300. . i
Homer S. and Mlttle B. Klnjt and Wells,
Fargo & Co. to Frederlka E. Krueger (wife
of G. F.). lot on W line of Sixth avenue." 100
5 of California ntreet. S 20 hy \V 120: 11550.
Jennie and Isidore Aseh to Morris Feintuch.
lot on N line of J ftreet. J2:6 W of Forty-sixth
avenue, W 50 by N 100; $500.
T. A. and Amelia Kirkpatrlck to A. B.
Hunt, lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 175
6 of K street. S 25 by E 120: $330. . -
Charles W. and Charlotte M. Taber. to Hen
ry F.-Blanchet Jr., lot on SW corner of Way
land and Ooettlngen streets. S 200 by W 123.
block 119. University Mound zJlf).
Ellen A. Sullivan «trife of Michael) to Brook
lyn Investment and Loan Association, lot on
SW corner, of Farallones and Plymouth streets,
W 123. S 123. E 125. N 50. W 100. N J7:«, E 10).
N S7:S. block J, Railroad Homestead Associa
tion i Sieo.
I.illla and* John S. Hand to James Baseh.
lota 5, 10 and li block 4<53: lots 2 and 7, block
4S7; lots 2 and •. block 45«; lots 7 to 14, block
431; Bay View Homestead; $300.
Buildtrs' Contracts.
Man' Burton Harrison to Henry T. 8cott
and Charles E. Green (as guardians estates
of Charles T. and Jennie A- Crocker. • minors)
<owners> with Steiger Terra Cotta and Pottery
AVorks (contractors), architects Bliss & Fa
vllle — Terra Cotta - work . for a • five-story and
basement brick 'building on BE corner of
•First and Mission street?. S 187:6, E 273,' — '60,
W 137:8.- N 1S7:6, W 137:«: IM.73O.
Same owners with N. ¦ Clark & Pons (corpor
ation) (contractors), architects same — Furnish
gray pressed brick and same for the Jack and
circular arches delivered on street In fnont of
building for -same on. same: $—.
P. T. Spraifue (owner) wi(h Charles M.
Lindsay (contractor). -architect C. A. M«uss
dorffer—All work except painting, electrical
work, hardware, mantels, -gas fixtures - and
shades for a two-story and basement residence,
on N lin«» of Green street, 80 W of Webster.
W 27:8 by N 110; J3S80.
RZAIi ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
The British four-masted iron ship Muel
tryvan. Captain James, of 1568 tons net
register, arrived at Antwerp December 0
from Icuique. She was owned by Rob
erts,. Owen & Co. of Carnavon and was
built at Sunderland in 1SS4. She was 25S
feet long, had 3S feet beam and was about
23 feet deep. She was last surveyed at
New York in July. 1S0S. .
CHERBOURG, Jan. 20.— The British
four-masted ship Mueltryvan has foun
dered In the channel. Seven out of her
crew of eiehteen were saved. They were
picked ud while clinging to the keel oT
one of the ship's boata and were landed
here. - . - '
Channel and Eig-htein Men Are
Probably Lost.
BUT SEVEN OF A
SHIPS .CREW SAVED
¦
Mueltryvan Founders in the English
It is thought that the trial of Cegrge
J. Kerr for his participation in the events
preceding the death of Jennie Bos
schieter will begin a week from to
morrow. - ' ' . \
Campbell from the first thought the
jury wxiuld let him off with a lighter
verdict than any of the others, and he
was much -excited on the night the ver
dict was rendered. While the people of
Paterson generally think the men fortu
nate in escaping the gallows, the pris
oners pretend to say that never did they
entertain the slightest idea of being con
victed of murder in the first degree.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— Andrew Camp
bell, one of the convicted murderers cf
Jennie Bosschieter. is slowing breaking
down in the county. jail at Patcrson. N
J., his face showing unmistakable signs
of collapse since the, verdict of the jury
wag delivered adjudging him guilty of
murder In the second degree with McAl
ister and Death. Campbell \* suffering
from a great disappointment In not be
ingr set at liberty.'
Case Andrew Campbell Has
Slowly Collapsed.
Since the Verdict in the Bosschieter
CONVICTED MUEDEREB
IS BREAKING DOWN
Less than a month ago several men
boarded the West bound express at Rock
Springs, grouping at either end of the ex
press car. The guards, however, made a
prompt show of force and the" men, leap-
Ing off the train, disappeared in the dark
ness. Thes'e roughs are not mere tramps.
Several of them have been recognized by
the guards as known criminals, and the
fact that they appear jn the general vicin
ity of the big robberies at Rock. Springs
and Table Rock last summer have made
the authorities suspicious.
Three men sprang on the platform of
the East bound express No. 102 at Medi
cine Bow, but were discovered "by train
men and driven off after a short fight.
On several occasions desperate looking
men have been seen along the route, al
ways, the employes say, on the nighta
when the treasure carried was heavy.
Some of the employes of the road think
that the robbers are watching the ship
ments of valuable express matter with a
view to attacking tht trams.
CHEYENNE, W/o.. Jan. 20.-The sec
ond attempt within a month made by
train robbers to rob the express safe of
the Union Pacific occurred early Saturday
morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Officials Believe Tljat Shipments of
Treasure Are Being 1 Noted and
Become Apprshensiye of
Further Trouble.
Union Pacific Guards Foil
Attack- of Desparate
Criminals. '
SECOND ATTEMPT
TO ROB A TRAIN
THE SAN FRAXCISCO£ CALL,, MONDAY, JANUARY 2i; lOQll.
11
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
. Alcs/%VOlr\ v A"C:o:, .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS *: EMBALMERS.
12S3 Market ct.. 'between Stb and 3th.
" : v Telephone : South i 2*7. V:.>,^ ,
(Successor to Flannas.in * Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. ! Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
St Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. '
K£S0&!S6ew&TelepfK!ne South H,^HNMHI
HENRY J. GALLACHERCO.
Saritk Fe
Trains-Daily.
Lea»» . Market- Street Ferry. Depot. ,
Local Urn'rl Ovrl'd I^oeai
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Pan Fran. 7:20 a 1:00 a «:0C p 4:*3p
Ar. Stockton . 10: *5 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 v
••-^Merced .. U:25 p 1:17 p l:lSa ...,
""Fresno:.. !;SOp t:3Sp 1:06 a
••Hanford. <:» p 1:27 p 7:M a ......:.
•* Vlsalla :. 4:10 p 4:19 p 4;Ua
: " .Tulare ... 4:J7 p 4:17 p S:05 a ........
" Bksfleld -. f:(0p S:M p 7:30 a ........
•' Kan. City , *:« a 7:M a ,.
: ?" Chicago ......... t:« p »:00p
, a (or morntne. p for afternoon. .
- »:00 a: m. train ta the California Limited.'
"Carrying Palac* Sleeping C"" and Dlnln*
'Cars through s to Chlcaao. Cbalr. Car . runs
• to Bakersfleld 4 for accommodation of ' local
flrst ' cl«s» paisenrers. - N» aecond : ela?i
¦ tickets ar* honored nn ! his train. , - Cor*
respondlne train arrives at S:S> p. m. dally.
i 4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arr|Te« 11:0$ a, m. dally. ;
' |:M p.* m. Is the Overland Exprw*. wltf»
through Palace and Tourist -Sleepers and
'¦ f re* "- Uecllnlnc ! Chair ¦ Car. ' al«o Palas*
f>!«er>er. <wbleb"cut» ont ar Fresno. : Car-i
¦ reapoudln* train arrive* at »:8S p. m. dally,:
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld - Locnl. stepping
•t all. points In Ban- Joaquln - Valley,. « Cor-
respondlns train arrives at 8;10 a, m. dally.
Of fice»—*U : Market . street and In; Ferry
Depot.* Baa rraodsee: U1I Broadway, Oak-
.|»«jii;v:Vi.v..-.;/-:J>' i .;' .-¦- ¦ .- ¦-.
>^|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MsiCVatk**"** KE.4BSV ST. KvablMied
•Ull'Sj'" l * 54 forth* treatment of ITivate
&H1> w Dh«fa»efl, Ur*i ManDmxi. I)*hii!tr or
9SE2«a (1l ""* a! ''* wesi'ingnn Iwl.v ami mln.1 and
VD «K9^' (in I>ts».i«5. The t)octnrcnre<i when
IrI"""" ' Atl * * rry h ' m - t'barpr* low.
<^V9B3B<'»rr> ;anrnnlrr0, Callorwrite.
Dr. J. JT. tilBBUA.bau Francisco. CbL _ -
AH LUCH—In the City and County Hospital.
January 20, 1901, Ah Loch, a native of China.
. DIED.
Ah Luch - Joneo. Margaret
Arnold, Emily P. Klundgen, Jennie
Barry, Patrick Lo;an, Mary
Beeherer. Charles V. Lynch. Mrs. Mary J.
Bowen. Thomas W. Lynch. Sarah T.
Brett. John R. McMaster. France* W
Buckley, Mary A. Magulre. George E.
Chase. Earah . . Merrill. Mrs. C. S. .
Cchn. Louis ... Orr, George A.
OlauHnann. Em!U • Plnsonneault. Ludger
<""uddy, Catherine , Pottkamp, Adolf
Kmium, Mery . Radk*. Robert
Fleres. Marlannlna . Reilly, Matthew W.
Fox. Thomas . Plebm, Ann|e
Fries. Annie Fmlth. Mary T.
fillkyoon. Ruth • StrohmaJer. Charlea
Goodin. Mrs. Eliza. ,V. Taylor. Geonre F.
Gordon. Alexander C. Tlnnemann, Ludwig
Hanvn, Em 1 ! Tobin, Annie
Henderson. Mrs. C. Trefenia. Ethtl -
Huber. Pearl E. - Werner, Catherine
Jens, Emma
ROO?J1S^TO LET Fnrn. and Cnfars.
L.VS PALMAS. 1820 Market ft.— Suite of 2 or »
in»; private; bath; sin. rmt; board optional.
LEWIS place. IS. oft Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nifhed-and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
McALLISTER, W-J furnished rocmB. 1 house-
keeping; bath, ras; reasonable. .
MCALLISTER, 471— JJack parlor and stngle
room: suitable for c«ntlemen.
MINNA. 6f7. corner Elschth-Nowjy furnlfhrt
bay-window room: $1 per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C13 Market st— Nicely
fci-iUhed roomg. fl a week up: 85c a day op.
O'FARRELL, 30— Sunny furnished room* and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk...-mo.
O'FARRKLL, 631— Front parlor and basement
room for housekeeping-; rent 110 and »2.
ROSEDALE House J1S-S21 Ellis Ft.^Room!-.
night. *5c to SI: week. II 25 to %i: open night.
ROTAL House. 116 Ellis Et.— Incandescent light;
readlnK-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlsht, S5c to $1 50; week. $« to
IS: month, ts to J30: elevator «n ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
! S. F. ROOM-RRNTl.VO nureau. 927 Market
si., room 204— IM choice roomy; frre list
{"HERMAN Apartment House. 2S Elehth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
! SIXTEENTH. J56J. near Cpjstro— A nice sunny
I furnished ror.m: near cars; rent So.
SIJTTFR. 3^4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: singje rocnif. IS; suites. S12 to $C3 mo.
VAN NESS «ve.. |OW fiutiny comer rooms for
r-r.tlen-.en and light housekwplnsr suite; jeas.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rH-rlvfl ct Call branch office. ??00 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f<ib?rr!ptinns has been • established at 10?8
\"sler«-'.i "*.
ROOMS AXD nOARD.
' WANTrr-A roupie to occury a large newly
i furnished room In a private house; modern
j kccf>mmr>4a.Ucr.f. phone, gas-, running wat«r.
I r-aih etc. : very desirable location on Halght
j Ft. Bex ini. Call office. . r
I AT th» old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
; Church, with annex Ki" California st.. may
i re found a mo«t exceptionally good table, at-
I tractive end rishtly itioms at modest rates.
PLEASANT tunny room for one or two gen-
tlemen, with board; reasonable,: references.
171 Hawthorne st.. near Harrison.
TI'RK. 113— Board and room, ?30; home cooking;
al«'-> finale rooms.
R<">OMS and board; pr!:es reasonable. 415
Firrt st.
IIOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man 'with good reference" d»«lre«
sunny room and 2 meals In refined family;
state terms. Box 1253. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
THF. Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived into the orphanage from "July 1. 1300.
to Dec. 31. 1S00: Bertha Wess, 11 yrs.; Fred-
erick. 4. and Ray O'Brien. 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Celia. 4. and V."illle Fljnn. 2 yrs.: Mary Me-
Langhlln, 11 yrs. t mos. :' Mamie Mullaney. 7;
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mrv ; Christopher Mul-
laney. i yr*. : Jim Power, 2 yrs. 1 mo. : Violet.
€ 5-rs.. and Bert Rlppon. 4 yrs.: Irene Pel-
man. 3 yrs. 10 mos.; Mary Purdy, S yrs 1
mo., end Alice Purdy, 1 yr. 6 mo.: Ethel. <
yrs.. end Clar Johnson. S yrs.; Maria A!- 1
tarh. « yr*. 1 mo.; Joseph. 5 yrs. • mos., and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos.: Ha.zpl Adams,
11 yrs. : Llllle Albertien. 7 yrs. 4 mos.: Ann'.e
DefTechia. 9 yrs. S mos. ; Hilda. 3 yrs. 10 mos..
«n<! Myrtle Deffechla. 2 yrs.: Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mos., Louis. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. Delia Jeffers, 10
yr*. : Elwood. 5 yrs., Howard, fi yrs.. and
Mautfe Wesley. 3 yrs.: Rose Hurbert. 5 yr*
I 4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo.. «nd Rachel Vall-
t vard. 1 yr. : Joseph MacCort. 6 yrs. 1 mo.;
I Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 3 moe.. and Addle Hyn»s.
! i yrs. 8 mon.: Irene Moody, s yrs. 1 mo.:
¦ Frank Balenjar. I yrs. : Joseph. 10 yrs. '0
mee.. Luke. 4 yrs.. and Fanny Vydan. 2 yrs. ;
Eurene Gibbs, 1 vr. * mos.: Mary, 5 yrs., Jo-
**r>h. 2 yrs.. and Marraretta <">l««?n. 6 yr».:
I L<llian Radcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
, can. J yrs. 8 mos.: Alfred Rrellla. 3 yrs.;
j Willie O'Farrell. S yrs. 2 mos.: Man*. 5 yrs..
Eth*!. 4 yrs. 1"> mos.. and Kate Rrwan. 3
vrs. 2 mos.: Eva Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos. : Ger-
tr-jd«. 4 >t».. and Jim Dalv, 2 yn«. « mos.;
I Clara, t yrs.. and Marv Lonta. « yrs.: George,
; 4 yr*.. srd Hubert KannfeM. 2 yrs. 2 mos.:
i Fred Eraser. 5 yrs. 3 mos. : Maria S<-hoof er, 10
i yn>. : Marv Co^>nan. 4 yrs. 7 mo?.: Msv. 7 yrs.
4 rec«.. Jn»ech. 4 yrs.. and Agnes Filling. <
yi-«. < moo. •
B>P tenants ejerteri fo- »4: i~o!lertinn« mid**:
city nr wiuiUy. PACIFIC COLT.rCTION CO..
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bourht. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Char!e« Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. ISth.
ALL kinds bought, soli, rented, exchanged, re- '
paired: open even.; phene Rlack 1124. 2^5 4th.
BOUGHT, sold. rent»d. rertalred: needles and
**-'i»»t»«". .¦^'«»*e<1 r«*** M.' fthr n^^re M'"* S.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
P1KRCE-RODOLPH Storage and^Ioving^Co. ;
cBlce. Prst and Powell sts.: tel. Main 6713.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South "?2.
BF.KIXS Van and Storage Co.. 725 Mission St.:
tel. Main 1*4": uhlrnhf »t «".it nt»*.
TELEPHOXE5.
TELEPHONES, house cr private lines. J« M a
set: electrical work in»t»'le^. 1S3S Pt. Lobos.
TYPE>VRITEKS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^INS^IN~TTPE\VRITERS--We
sell better marhines for lera money than any
house tn the city: rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S3* California; telephone Main 2S«.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Si vmEXD NOTICE— DlvWend~Nor^f"'<twen~
ty-t5ve cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Eupar Plantation Company will be payable
at the ofSce of the company. 327 Market st.
Pan Francisco. ' Cal.. on and after Monday.
January 21. 1301. Transfer books close on
Tuesday. January IS. 1V41. at S o'clock p. ra.
E. H PHELDON. Secretary-
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage. De-
pot Quartermaster's Office, 25 New Mont-
gomery *t.. San Franelico, Cal.. January 19,
1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
recei\-ed at this office until I 1 ) o'clock a. m..
Friday. February' S, 1301^- Paclflc Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Wool-
en Blankets, Drab Campaign Hats, Black
cak and chrome tanned Calfskin Shoes. Rus-
set Shoe*. Nainsook Undershirts. Nainsook
r>rawers and Chambray Shirts. Quantities to
be subject to an Increase of 20 per cent If
desired by this Department. Unguaranteed
bidj gnd bids upon samples dlfferlr.g from
standards and specifications, will under no
circumstances be considered: proposals for
less quantities than advertised for will bo
! entertained. Bids will b« opened for the de-
livery of the same articles at rlther the San
Francisco. Boi>tcn. Chicago and Philadelphia
Depots, but none will be sclven consideration
for lmpection or delivery at other points
than those named above. Early deliveries
are essential. The rate and time of deliv-
ery must be stated by bidders In their pro-
pesal*. and no p(oposltion should be made
which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference wlil be given
to articles of domestic production and mar.'i-
facture, conditions of prire and quality be-
ing equal (Including in the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on>. and such preference will be given to ar-
ticles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent of tha consumption required by the. pub-
lic service there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. .Information and
blanks for proposals vr\\\ be furnished on
application Envelope* containing proposals
1 *** * ndor ".'^ -'Propoe*!, No. 465,'^and
addressed to MAJOR OSCAH F. LONG
Quartermaster, U. S. Vo'.i., Depot Quarter-
master.
BIRTHS— MARmAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
JEPPERSON— In this city. January 14, 190L to
the wife ft A. Jegperson. a rtaught-r. •
~~ MAEEIEIX
JETER— UcKNIGHT— In this city. January I»
1*«U by Rev. Dr. John A. R. Wilson. Henry
Edwin Jeter of San Franeieco and Mary E
McKnlght of San Jose. ,
BAILWAY TBAVEL,
CAL1F0HN1A NORTHWESTEHN BT. CO.
5AH FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ferry. Foot of Mark.et St.
Ran Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FEMK*— >OOT OF JiAKKKT 8T.
WEtK DAYS— I JO. »:C«. ll:«0 a. m.; IJ:B. IJ9,
S:10. 1:10 p. B. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:3»
p. pa. Saturdays— Extra, trios at 1:M and
U:» d. m.
SUNDAYS-* :00. »:». 11:80 a. m.; 1:JO. 3:3«. i.90,
«:?> p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK UAls-tau. 1:M. fcA 11: w a. ra.; UAS.
S:4J, »:19 p. rn. Saturdays — Extra, trip* at 1:33
and •:» p. nx ¦ --
.'I'NDAYS— 8:10. 9:13. U:10 a. m.; 1:«, S:», $:0S.
(:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetxea Park.
¦«r» M-hednl^ as shirr*. .
Leave I In £Seet j ArrtTe
Pan Francisco. I Nov. T. 1»A ' San Franilac*.
~Veek I Sun- 1 I Sun- I We*!t
Days. I days. I Pentlnattoo. | daya. I Days.
t:J»sml i:0Oam| Novata. jja:« am) *.vt am
' IM pmt S:J1 am] Petaluma. I <:05 pm 10:2% am
• •.in i>m( S:00 pm! Fanta It -"a. ¦ 7:SS pm] IJ3 pm
T:3O *sa Windsor. 19:23 am
H»s!iJsbar5.
Lyttoa.
OeyaerTtlle.
» M pr> »:W srn Clovrjale. 7:W pm «:S3 pm
1:M<dl J Heplaod i T
j S:00^m{ and I.'kian. I 7:3Spm| l:Spm
TiJOain! j i I19:3i am
J >:M am, Gucrscrille. I 1:X& pm)
JStt mtii » I t *:n t»n
I:30aml »:Wam' uouom* ! S;15 ami S;40am
! ar.d
I-.T0 cm! $:<» pm' Cl»n Flien. I I:«S pmf •:*! pnt
i:S» am! I:W ami 1I"):4" am|w:r» am
S:20 pn. 1:1)0 r-m! 5«ba3topot. ' 7:13 pmf C:S ptn
tjtages connect at canta Rosa for Mark VTest
£prlni:s and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
:or AltrarU: at Lytton for Lyttan Sprts*?: at
Gey<ervll> for £kar?s FDiin«s; at Cloverd^i*
tor the Geyxers; at rTspltnd for Duncan
Eprtntrt. Highland Sprln.T?. KelseyvtJIe, Carls-
bad Springs, Rod* Bay. Lakepcrt and BarUe:t
sprlncs; at Uktah for Vichy Eprlaxa. Saratoca.
fc'jrtcRS. Hla« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fprlns». I^pper Lake. Porno. Pottwr Valley.
Jobn Day**. Rl»er»td». Lterieya, PackaelVa.
Hachedrln Heigh?!". HullvJUe,Orr'a Hot Spring.
Wendodno City, Fort Bracjr. Weatport. ITul.
fVHIetta. LaTtomrtlle. Camming*. Bell's Spria««.
Hsrrl*. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
MituiC'ay ta Monday rounJ-trla Ucketa a: r*~
duced rj;.?!.
On Fundays. round-trip ticket* ta ail points
beyond San Raf*e| at half rates.
Ticket office. CSO Market St.. ChronteTv build*
lrg K- X. RTAN.
H. C. WHITINO. Oea. Pass. Act.
f}er<- Man:»r»T. ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦*• -
OCEAN TRAVEL. t
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
r. Steamers leave BroadaraT!
wharf. ?an Francisco:
Wfca-, Fcr Alaskan Forts— U a. rs..'
grfVfehk Jan - :i - M - 31 - F « b - 5 - C» ar "'»
rfe*jwyT3*» to company's steamers at £e-
fss£33 jpvl For Victoria, Vancouver <Tt.
3g2wf£e3aJ C) - Port Townsend. 3»attle.
If Tacoma, -Everett. Anacortee.
and New 'Whateom CWash.V- •
11 a. m.. Jan. a. 35. a. Feb..
5. and every, fifth day thereafter. Change, at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Al vka.
and G. ft. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. &*,
, Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Jan 1%
23. 28, Feb. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Pan D!e*o. stonptns only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Arf!«« ,->nd Redondo <Loa An>
ireIes>-'Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 5 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crtu. Monterey. Pan Simeon, Cay-«
uco«. Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo). Qavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenem*. San Pedro.-
East San Pedro (Loe) Ar.geies) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 3 a. m. ; steamer 1
Bonita. Ttie«days. 9 a. m.
For tTnsenada. Majrdalena Bay. Saa Jose det
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia,
and Ouaymas (M«t) — JO a. m.. "th each month.
For further information obtain company'*
foMers.
The company re»»nrea the rlfht ta ehansa
• teamers, salllnr dates and hours ot sailing*,
without rre.vlo«» noflee.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery:
street <Pa1a;e Hnt»l>.
COODALL. PIPKINS & CO.. O<-n. Agt9..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
j 3 o :r, tl a. 1st id
From SDMtr-stre«t Wharf at 11 a. m.
CJtDC S12 First Class Inciueilng Bsrth
IMliC S3 Second Class aqd Mtatz.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. 2J. Feb. J
GEO. W. ELDER Palls .....Jan. VS. U
Short Line to Walla Wal!a. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throush tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Ae^nt.
¦\':'\a *30 llarkat tt.
TOYO KISJLN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILI. LEAVE TTHARF. COH-
ser First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllss- at
Kcbe <Kioso), Kaxasakt and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steaasers for In-
dia, etc. No careo received en board on day
of sailing.
ES. HONGKONG MART?
Thursday. Jamiary 24, V6i
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. I'm
i SS. AMERICA MARL*
Friday. March 15. 1301
R<jar.d-tT'.? tickets at reduced rates. For
freijrht and passage apply at company's offlc*.
ill Market street, corner First.
W. H AVERT. Gtneral Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HTXW TORZ. SOCTHAKPTOS. L05D05, PASTS
Stoppin* at Cherbourg, westtwand.
From New Tork E»ery Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Vaderland .....Jan. 3f»iSt. Loula Feb. t>
New Tork Feb. < New York Feb. V
Kensington Feb. 131 Vaderland ....March •
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwarp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, u noon.
Westernland ...Feb. «IFrles!and Feb. 27
Kensington F«b. IS Sourhwartc — Mar-h «
Noordland F»b. 20l Westerc!an<J.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CAMPANT.
CHAS- D. TATLOR.
General Agent Paclflc Coast.
• SO Monta~cm«ry street.
I ¦ — '
AA4.an?!> C Q Pfi "*'**"• 8JU: '' Rra
1 OCCan!CS.S.CO.»;»;;,;v n 's
< SS SONOMA, for Her.olulu. Samoa. !few
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. January 13. at 9 p. m.
SS. MABIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 2. J p. m-
SS " XlTS^^^:/F°r r l dIt? l F.bVuaryV;i-p: m.
I uhllllil k mUl, Gaar.1 ISgeatJ, 327 Uirbt St
fra'l Paasijjr G!Ba. S« iirfet $L, fisr la. 7, Pack St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATKVH CO.
! AND «UD AMERICANA DB VAPORS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Cjutra!
i snd South American ports. From foot of Fre-
mont utreet. saitinz: _
R «• GITATKMALA February 7. l*t
8 S. PALENA:..... .....February V*. in
f. p COt/JMRIA. March 7. m
S a TUCAPEL March JO. l*>t
Th««» Bteamers are "built expressly for Cen-
tral and aouth American p«asen(rer serrlce-.
(No change at Acapulrc* or Panama. 1 * Freight
and passenger office. 318 Callfetpla street.
BALFOLR. GtTHRIE A CO .. Agents.
PANAMA R, R,™
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails Jwnrj 29.
S.S. ROANOKE sails Fe'iruw 19.
From wharf, feet of Fremcnt st. at t p. m.
Freight and passene^r office, 230 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paetac Coa,st Aggnt.
C0MFAGME SE^SXAL". T3AM3ATLASTI3C2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sallins e%?ry Thursday. Instead ft «*jtTtj
Paturday. «t W a. n>.. from Pier *~~r_r 1 r*
Ncrth River, foot of Morton street. First eUs«
ta Havre S£> and upward. Second class t >
Havre. Jt3 and upward. GENERAL AGENCX
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. «
Broadway /Hudson bulldln*). New TotX. J^
&£££?, tv^Si;. %S!*t£&~Ft&*£
»olrt hT all Rallrool Ticket Aganta.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
-FOB U. S, HAYY YARD AMD VAUEJO.
MON.. Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at >:43
a.' m.. 3:15. 8:OT pu m. (e-s. Thurs. nisht>; Fri-
days.- 1 p.. m. and 8:SF: Sundays. tO:2D a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and offlr*. Mlsnlon'Street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main UM.
FARE Me.
I Weekly Call, $1 per Year
REAL ESTATE CI»V FOR P-VLI5.
RJiAL ESTATE BARGAINS!
A. M. HPECK & CO,
6fT MARKET ST.. OPPOPITE KEARXY.
Kiov-REDITED.FROM 1^6©
F"t:r flats; rents S3f>: »U rented
13600.
Tour Data: rents $4": dowTitomn, near 4th et.
Thr»* rholcr flat?: near Tott and Taylor sts.;
pays » r*r cvr.t: J7 f»^-t Trent: oTTt wanted.
5-:«-htde-st. eon.vER.
Il-r'-^m house; lot 4«r?fl fe^t
lu.wo.
tetter *t.. r«»ar Taylor; very ch«>ap
fll.o<P-3 BRAXD-.VJ-W FLATS.
R«f3ta4 under l^as* f cr Jlf2 a month; half
O-.-1-. required.
rists: brsnd new: east of Van Ne«» are.;
rfits $TT: all rented.
_ t*a» CEPCcgD moM ji«.?oo.
• Jrsnd H-r^m refldence **n JacVscn et.-
fp."M tis.soa
BusinF5s property: tszme tenanls for yta.n.
•tcre and roomlng'-hniire.
Grand r-rrrer: L*av«i»-orth »t.: f» ***t front:
*",' r«-r.tp<1 f<~r JO; mortfizt $r»C»TO can remain
*t 6 j*t »-«nt.
f^.ofJV- REDl'C'EP FROM Jtt.CflO.
Cn^ice comer Int. T5-foot front; within half a
birck of Market f.: with c'.<i imptnvea.fnts;
rtnts about U r >»; the • r!y earner that can b«
bcusht vieinUy of Sntih *t.
;i2.f<oo.
Herts J1C0; 2 new n«T«: choice locality.
rjaflftf
Corr.« 1 r, *A f«^>t frort; vicinity Sutter ft., east
of Hyfl»; (rrand h"f<*!, office Or rooming-house
*.te; rents $1(*
S3.CM IWESTF.n.
OrariS ccrn^r; b«-snd-new builijlr.ff: guaraa-
tfM leas* paj-F Jjv. a month net.
$X5.«»-Vl<riNITT SECOND ST.
Ctm»r fc»xto2 f»^t. with improvements; rect-
tee :- n"J* p«-r nrnnth.
Thl* flstrict Is booming.
iU^f-SKAH tEOQXO AXD MISSION
L<!t ti«7l» feet; rents nominal, a sure inan.
F'j»t»r-*t. rons'r: *7:«x«7:f: elepant lmprote-
xaents; rer.t* 11^00 r*r annum.
$i«s.rcc.
Market tt.. r^ar t^all; 5 p»r cer.t net
A. M. Pr'E'.'K & CO..
**T M^rkft « . opposite Ke*my.
ItCAL EST.4TI-: lOIATIU — K«r Sale
A '?N'AP"- Pe<-atJar <n*cnmata.nce» cause own-
er to earriflre at half actual ralue TIij srrei'
• micht *titxJivlde> very best land and location
In rite "lively Napa Valley." adjoir.lnr R R.
t-ta'Ion. rear Kap* CMy and steamer landlni?.
¦within fr»# rr.aii del'.verj'; all hiuhir cultlvat-
«nJ level !i-»am. no* in crop; r.ot inch «f » - a«te;
¦ur.t-Tjaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home;
h.ss rfr.tfd for JW a~ie: offered for $00: could
r.ot buy «<1join!r.t land for I?s* than $150.
PTIilEMBKR— I am accurately arquainted
*'lth racr* cour.try vrcj-erty fcr sale and ex- -
chance than a!l other iffau In S?. F. ; XW* 1 !
ranch*? on my list. S:at* what's wanted ]
und p»>t r»l!ab!e <1e*cr1rtl"nF of harealns. :
N. T>. 5I<~KFLP. th^ Land A»r»r.t. S Gearj' St. j
31. ORIPTIX. n»~~!iIarVet rt.. fells and ex-
c^anires city an4 country realty; rnnt«-1 '
lists: Sin^-irji. Santa Clura, Shasta and all
ocSwr counti^p.
tZ AN acre, isn acres, ir*»**4 homestead: clear
creek land, for vegetables. Coos Co.. Oregon.
M. ORIFFIN. 71? Market, nr. Call building, i
TMIITE J. W~HOn.V, «12 Main. Petaluma. for
fr»» trrpT cf ?r>n^m» C* real estate ban^alns.
RKALTV TO EXCH4XGB.
TO EXfHAM^-Tir') «J) choice buiMlns lots
In Oakland for Taccnvi or Seattle property.
f P. CUBTISS, V.*t Paclflc ave.. Tacoma. j
(Task.
aiambaIdvertisementsI
AL.tUF.Dt ROOMS A\D BOARD.
V'E rffcr e'ecar.t suite of ream* and board in
F*;«^t rrivare home ir. Alameda to refined
"¦¦a: i»: p-^rrn^j r*^;u'r^il. Ttr-x 3Si. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IlKRKELCY REAL KSTATC
PKPKF.LFT— New mo<i?rn J-«tr>ry hous«, or.ly
1 t-V-.-k south r>t the unfverritv; only built
tw»> yesrs airo: con W«C0; will b* boI<" for
tOO, ar.d i? worth fcWO to-dav- th'.n would
nstf a fine Investment. JAS. S.S'AISMITH.
4.T N*r.th ft-. Oakland.
*-ROOM corta«-e. t«nk ar.d win<lmfn on |r<wi
I«t; or r»'-'d street: in rood order; on'y
CUM. MAT & MORTIMER. ZIZ Center st.,
Bertrdejr. J
OAKLAND illVERTISEMENTS. j
CFFiCE — 1113 BROADWAY.
|
OAKLA\D FfRXITCHE FOR SALK. j
AX iErro-iuctioTi to you trora II. Sch»llhaaj«. th« I
furriture 6»-a1er. Ilth ar.i Franklin. Oakland, j
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALTON, :*>4 MrAIliirter— Sunny front suite; j
also yunny front suite fcr houEeke»pirur. $3. I
EDDY, IT— Nicely furr.ishe<1 front room; run-
nlr.ir water; gas; Lain; light housekeeping
al!cm-e4 : cheep.
ELLI?. 11^7— Hou«|rpir: r.icely fur. front room, |
»Ub kitefcea attached: bath, yard and grate.
ULLMOP.E, 61*. near Hayes— 2 housekeepinc I
r.->cjir.R. furnished cornpiete; cbe&p; refin»3
larr.tlr-
F<^LS0M. ~S'i— 2 neatly furniehed connecting
rocm* f->r hoiiaekf^r-'.nif. with iw«; rwi».
GI-KIN ri.KK ave.. S. eff Ilthiand ilisilan— 3
ur.furr.irho'l clean sunny rooms; closet. i
15ARTHA p!»ct, 3. eX Geary ft— Sunny heuae-
ke»r'"r rocmt and other room*; reasonable.
ITcALI-ISTER. SOT — On* or two pleasant bay-
window room* compete or for two greets;
lawwjry; $S to tl2.
kteALUSTER. W". cor. Central ave.— 2 nictly j
fuiT.. r^rmf for housekeepiat: J8.
5IIXNA. Fur.r.v furni»he<l vlnfrle an-1 house-
kee ; .'.r.«; rooms, "T-c and $1 t>*t week.
1I1NNA. 1ST. r*t. Sd and 4th (New Tork House)
— Single. il»uh!» *n<l housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 8i5-Fror.t room with folding bed
er.d kltrhep., complete.
NINETEENTH. S6«-fcnnny frrnt and back
r.-^jni fcr hougekpg: uve r-ath and coal rtove.
ETO<:kton. to— meaty fura!shM sunny
nxmi; sinrl* or suite; also hou!>ekrr rooma.
TENTH. 13*— I^rre sunny front room for
housefceefiin*-; also sinrle.
VAN NESS ave.. HV-Larpe sunny parlor;
rbor.« aid ri*no; r*ffr<?nc»«.
VAN .VESS ave.. KC1 And 143. XW. cor Bash
— FT!=jrar.t »unnjr ffiilf*« and apjrtm»r.n tor
housekeeping: private baths: telephone; elec-
tric lirht*: sun a!l day: gaa ranges; running
water in every room: «'lll be arranged, .'lean-
ed, painted and newiy furnished to cult.
Y^'HY «t»r yourself out hunting for rooms?
V-> win do that for ynu. ELDER RENTAL
INFORMATION BUREAU, «36 Market at.;
trl. red 2T>4.
A BRAV<~ZI off.ee for Call advert! semen ts an.5
f'jhfrr.piicri has been established at 1W<
Valencia etreet.
n.A?«IFIED a^.v»rtifi*mer.t» and subwrlrtlonj
T+'f\v*4 at Call B-anch efflce. 2200 Fillmore wt.
HOUMS Tt» LET — Fnrn. ami I'nfnrn.
AHLPORN HOTEL, «X Grant »ve.-Be«t dol-
lar a isy family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: lexre rooms: modern conveniences:
rocm* Vsc up: flr»t-class meals 2Sc; free coach.
>— BRl'NSWICK Hou«. US glzth-Roomt :Sc
t-« fl per nicht: t: :: t . n per week, aad light
rworckeepsnir; open all nlgTit.
irtRSKTT. ICt Market <old No. 1*54)— Fur-
r -r< t rms.. suites, siaele; also unfurnished.
I;T'?H. VSts (The Elk)— Ntc*ly. furnlihed ninny
rm»: day £5c qp; wk. t\ 50 up. Mrs. P. Pantt.
CHEPTXLT. ?6t near nupont-Large sunny
fr^nt r»vim. furnished, double bed. M month.
EDDY, ttr.— Front Iwy-wlndow and side rooms;
with ct without board. ¦
ELLIS. TOfr— Back parlor an<J sunny hall room;
-«itable for rentlera*:i: lirtee « and IS.
I HNISHJvD room, modern; private family:
-. ..(•:«- <*. ..ten-— : (rent'.emea only. Address
box 1:71. Call office. _^
CEARY, 4ir.<The Kavarre>~Elerantly furnlthed
rm«: ru!to« cr fins'.*; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. "1 — \jlt%i ban»l«>iije runny rocm.
FJittMf for two ir»ntlrmen; bath. .
CEART, ri)S— Errall front rutt«; «unay; nlctly
furnished; board oj»tl«naJ.- - -
CltANIJ (gOJJTHEIiN. soutbeast eorner Serenth
and Motion *ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
•!r.glf; ladies' parlor; re«dlmc-rooaa: elerator.
HARTtlET^ S3S, Plrth and Seventh.
Rrjant and Brannan— « roonra newly papered.
HTDE, e*i— Furnished room for gentleman;
rent rea»fnable.
JESSIF-. ?.S». near Fifth anl Market-r*ur^
nigfaefl rooms. 14 and ts: houeekeeplnr. J>.
JOHN ELDER CO.. Rental Information Bu-
rtan. OS Market rt.. opp. Talace ' HoteU-
Panles havisx furnithed er unfurnished
rooms, flats, houses or business property for
reist p!ea>»* list with o«; we have ¦ perfect
Jacl'.itlea »n the city for securing desirable
tcsante; tel. Hed JS34. /. -. |
MOUTH Kit* l*A«:ir!C I'OntABT,
(piuirm jv.vrstu .1
Trata* !••»»«• »••¦•« mrm'ttm- *• arrive a«
M4> rit 4 *«•!*«'«».
(Main Line, foot of Market Street.)
LKATB - FBOil JAKVAKT 1, 1901. - AKBITa j
~:3<»* Bri>id». Siiiaun. KiffilM,. V»e»iiUe.
Knnisey and S»<a-*ui«uf> 7i|.1r
«-3«a D»fis, Woodland, Knight* Landing,
M»rM*ille. Or.nltle. 7:ISr
f::»u» A tin. .tic Kipreai— Ujleii and Kut ISsI •">»
(J:OO a M iriii.e*. S»U U km.m, V *:>jo. Napa.
«'»li»u .«•« aii'iHauut Koi*... • a>|3r
8:00a Nile*. Li»eiajor->, Tr.cy, Lathrop.
Stockton ••• ":«3r
•sBOa 8hwt« i iprrsa-IHtia. W-Uami((or
' B&rliett Bpringa), Wiifuwa. Ked
'¦'.:'. i- Blufl, PorM*>^l. 7ti»r
¦ ¦ma* Ran .lint, 1-iirrmorc, Stijcktim, '
lime. HaersmrutiK FlaetrrriUe,
M:irj»»IHe. Chico. lt-1 IHutT
»i3O* Oakdalr, Chinese. Botion. Carters... 4: irir
!»;IHI» H*y*arla. Nilm.nid War St*tl.i>i«. IIsIS*
»:OOa los Angeles Exi<ro»» — M*rt|M«t. ;
TrftCT, l.alirap. rtto-rWt.iii, M-rc«u
Fr»«no and Lo« Ajigtt'ea 7:l-lr
»j»O* Vall-Jo. JUHinex »iirt Way station, »:«5r
imiiUi Tln» OterUn-l Limited— Ogrten. Dea-
fer, O'»»ha. Chieagt •**»*
|I:OOa Niltn, SUjoton. »acram<-nt". Men-
i!ut». Frtauo, ll»ufoitl, Vnalia.
ferteMlila....'. ««l»f
II:OOa Li'ermore, Sarg-r. Gwhea Jane-
tioa. Bilcert&eld, Los Angele*
«I:(M»F H.icr»n>rii'» i:|fer6te»ow«, t 3iO "*
' 3:O»r HijirsriU, Nilrt snd Way 8Utlooj. Dis.lr
4t«Hr Marlins*. S*n lUtno.i. V»!lejo.
S.|.».i;»H.n»(». SwiUltnn SslO*
4,oor It nici*. Winter*, 8aer»nianto,
WiMHllmnil, KnlvliU lauding,
M»ry«»illr, Oiniitl* IO:I^%
4i.l'*r H«r*ir'li Ni1eo««.l f»o Jt«e 1«'«"»*
3:Oai> Nue»- llrvrmon. 8">ck»«m Lodi ...» »»43a
j.»:OOp Bu-fet titnited. El Pun ?»«¦»
(>r:e»s» and Kist <I«:13a
,"i:«(»pTliM Owl 14uiite«l— Tr»ey. fr««no.
rukendelil. nuig'in f (.-r »tnt$> iUr-
b»r». l*s An«elos- 1»jI3»
SiOopNcw Orl-anr Expreas-lukerwn-M.
HauU lUrltaia. ).«>» Anfelea. I ><""'•
hiK. El Ytto. New OTleaus and
K«st ; 2« i! »*
«i("»r H>>nr<ia, Ml^i »»<1 rfnu Jus*..,... .•••¦>•
(diOUr Vulluj.. llr*34 i
SiOOr Oriental M»U-Og!en. Cb«I«noe.
Orn»h»,Cliie«g-o... I«sl3r
• :OOp Orient il Mull— O^den. Denter.
Omal»«, Cl»ic«*(> , *tt*r
7:O«r Ori-Ktm ami California Knt't—m.Huo.
ruueutn. ?Uria»HI-. Ite.l.Iln*.
l-oitlitii.l, l*ii|«t Hun«d snd Ka.it »:4*k
MtnSrSan P*b:o. P"» »;«•»•, M«rUaes
ami H'*r rtl.tioiil 11:45*
l<;O5p Val)-).. ~U»r
CUAKT DITISIOri l.iirrmi »ia««e).
(Fixtttif Market Str««t.>
•i 1.1* Nevr»rk.(>.iit«riilli;.fj»ti.lfw«,reltoo,
IIo.«lJ«rCri:e«.HaiiUCru*«ndWs»
HutlMto ... ••«•*
f3>l.1r Kewittk. CenterTille, Ban Jm N-«
Alir.a<leo. Krltmi, Ikialtlar t'rrok,
SmU (.'ruz and 1'rludpal W»f
8utio..s t »•««•»
I 4il»r Nmtk. N>n Jnw. Im OitM »i»«A
rtO:".»Or Hunter;" Ezeunion, Sao Jose and
WaySUt'Qi* '• 1'**°*
CREEK ROUTE FERflY.
TttmSl* falSClSeO— r»«l «f auk«t Xlreti ftlij S)~
t7:13 9:0t) - ll.-OO*.*. 1:03 3:13 S:CSr.i..
frtaOUUHi— r«lti»rMi».j.— t«:W)* J8:OO 13:03
10:C0>.w. 12:C3 2:83 I.S1 3:»r.H.
COAST IUVIMOS (Itroadltaiigr).
(Thlril nnH Toyinxm-I St« )
tr.il«A Ocean View, rtoitn nan rrauciM>i.. 1»:awr
?:OOa Kan Jo«e »»d Way 8Ull.mii (K«w
A!i.i:i.1.:i W»l»e<daj«fHilT) l:30p
»¦••* Hau Jfiso. Tim I'iiMW. HiwtM Crux,
I'aiif.c «Jrn»«. r«s.> lt»H!e«. Man
l,ui» OMuim., Hurf. Ixwnpoc and
I'riiich«l Way HUtfniM *>i»T
l«ili»i Ban J<wo «"J Way Ktatlaus «!i:t.1»
I 1:3»a tUn Jom au.l Way St»tim.» tti»Or
ta<4»r 8an tltfrn, i:r(iwn»l, Mr-nlo Park.
" . Palo Alto, rianta Clara. **•» .1 ••<•«.
Tree Finos. H»»u Unu, S»Hna*.
Momerei ai«<1 iwiie tlnw H»i*«»
?ail«pHaaJo««aii.t Way 8tat»o..s '«3j*r
H:l.ir B«iiJnw»ii.l Principal Way Stations 9:4.V*
t--i:u»p B*n Joi», Ix» Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations.- !»:«•«
3i3Hp S»n.liw- »u.l Prineipal Way Stttiom J«9«
«:aof .S*n.lo»«nn.l Way Hlatloi(S tHi»»«»\
OH;4."»I» 9 an Jfaaau-I Way Statlwin <:3(>p
' A for Morning. : P f o» Afternoon,
t Sun-lay eieepted. X bai^daj oaJ».
g Mond»j«, w«dae9d»y^ Frld»n-
.cTa»»dJTs.Thar»d»j«. SaodAja. ">
a S»twd»y only. ;
Are You
interested in
¦
Mexico ?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F. W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
6J.I Market st.
NORlifACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via S«u>allte F«rry.
' Commenclns* beptember 14. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAX RAFAEL.
¦ WEEK DATS— 6:55. •»:«. J1.-00 a. m.. «l:ii.
1:15. 4:C0. »:1S. ««:15. «:<0 p. ra.
EXTRA TKIPS-For Mill Vallty anil San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Hat-
urdaya at t:09 and 11:33 p. m.
8UNDATS— »S:0O. •1C:CO. »U:» «. m.. *1:U.
J:1S. MMS. t:Vi, 3:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Qu»ntln.
FROM SAK RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:M. »«:J0. T:43. i.lO a. m..
•l!:S0 1:45. *3:S0. 4:30. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, -Wednesdays
ap<1 Saturdays nt S:45 and 10:»> 9. m.
SC.N'DAYS-e:», •SrtJe. 10:09. »U:U «. m.,
•L'40. ¦•8:15, .4:45. : •»:*>' p. m.
Trains niarked (•) start from San Quentln,
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAM FRA J«'CISCTX
i WEKK BATS-JrO. «MS. 7:». »:»- «. in..
I 12:83. *:10. J:3O. •»:&«. •:» u. m.
EXTRA TRIP? on Moneys. U'ecJaesd.js
and Faturd*ys at 7:10 an4 10:10 p, ra.
£L'XDAyS-S:05. W:C6 a. m.. U:0i» tM, SM,
*-.' THROUGH TRAINS.
! <:I9 a. m. w««k dajra— Caaadero and "way
i ttattrns. ' ••• ; : ¦ • . "' "¦¦
! 1:43. p. o. Eatnrdars— Tomalea and way
ttatlons. . .¦-'. - - -
8 :<^0 a. tn. Sundays— TomaUa and way
stations. ¦ -- . _^__ '¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.• Uavea ban I-'ranclsco, via Samallto Ferry:
"WEKK DATS 3:15 a. m. ; 1:45 an4 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDATS.......«;(K). W;». H:M and 1:15 p. ni.
- Fare, - San Franelaee ta Summit - and return.
»l 40. '-_ .
NEW TAVERN' Or TA1IALPATS SOW OPEN.
Santa Fe
«
Swift and splendid polling on
the California Limited
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 houi's .
Rolling
Inn
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun-ral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. S221 Oreenwich street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WERNER— January 20. 1901. at .her residence.
East Oakland. Catherine, wife cf F. F.
Werner (maiden nam, Sweeney), and mother
of D. J. Quill and the late Mrs. Nellie Morse,
a native of Bally vourney.. County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 67 years 1 month and 2 days
(Bostcn. Ma?c, and St. Joseph, Mo., papers
please copy) w --•>
Zy Notice of funeral hereafter.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3454 Nineteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem mass
wlil be celebrated for the repose of her eoul.
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery/
ETItOHMAIER— In this city, January 20, 'MM.
Charles beloved son of Charles and Annie
f-'trohmaier, and brother of Amelia. George.
Willie, Herman. Marttn.Chrtstie. Edgar and
Walter Strohmaier. a native of San Frun-
cJbccs aged 15 "Pars 4 months and 21 days.
O^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to att«nd the furterai to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 418 Brannan street. Interment Cy-
r>ress Lawn Cemetery ¦ by- ll:J0 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
TAYLOR— In this city. January 20, 1901. Georgj
F beloved husband of Lizzie Taylor, and
father of George and Ralph Taylor, and
brother of Edward. Joseph. William. Charles
an! Mark Taylor, Mrs. J- Kelleher and Mrs.
H. McGee. a native of England, aged 33
years 2 mrnths and T> days.
TOBIN— In this city, January 20. 1301. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of Michael J. Tobin. and
daughter of the late StaWchl an<1 Delia. Do-
lan and sister of Peter M. Dolan, and niece
of Annie and Magsle Flaherty and Law-
rence and the late John Dolan. a native of
Antioch. Cal.. aged 32 years 1 month and 21
days.
11^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 415 Baker street, thence to St. Agnes
Church. where a solemn . reqntern high
ma«s will be celebrated for the repose ot
her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
TIN'NEMAN.V— In this city. January 13. 1801.
Ludwig Theodore, dearly beloved husband o!
B?rtha Tlnnemann. and father of Otto " T.
Tinr.emann. and brother-in-law of Mrs. John
Lutjens, a native of Stadt Vechte. Olden-
burg, Germany, aged 57 years 7 months and
10 dare. . - - .
(TTFrUnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street* be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd
Fellows' CemeteVy.
TP.EGENZA-In this city, January 13, 1301,
Ethel Tregenia, beloved child of Thomas and
Clara Tre*enza. and Bister of William,
Thomas, Joseph and Arthur TreRJnza, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7 month*
and ti days. ' .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from ths resident*
of hec. mother. -470 Tehama street. Interment
Laurel Hill 'Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. January 20, 1901. Mary
Teresa, betevod wife of JohnJ. Smith, and
¦ cister of William and Eugene Coffev and
Mrs. Edward Hannins and Leonard Tracey
of Brooklyn. N. Y.. a native of Ireland.
: lETN'otlce "of funeral hereafter.
SIEBF.RT— In this city, at Waldeck Sanato-
rium. January 20. 1901. Annie, dearly beloved
. intended wife of John P.. Beck, and daughter
of John and Caroline Slebert. and • slzter ¦ of
Dnniel J., Mamie, Fred, John. Arthur. Blr-
dle; Carrie and Josle Slebert and Mrs. Frank
Hembold, Mrs. Kate Smith, Mrs. Lizzie
Uhrlg and Mrs. William Bergland. 'a native
of East .St. Louis, Mo., aged 23 years. (Mis-
souri papers please copy.) •
January 20. 1901/ Adolf '. Pottkamp, a native
- of Germany aged 4S years.. ,. . * ¦:
PINSONNEAIJLT— In Oakland. January 19
1901/. Ludger, .-beloved e brother ? of the- • law
Prosper Pinsonneault, and coualn of Edward
¦ Pirsonneault, a native: of Canada, .aged K
years. .'»¦¦•¦•-<.- - : ' -< » •- . . ._-, , .„-, >,.^
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to -attend the funeral this -day
(Monday).' at. 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
J parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy, 87J Washing-
ton . street, thence to St.' COlumba's Church,
where; a requiem, high' mass . will be - cele-
brated for the repose of. his soul, commen-
cing at 10 o'clock. " Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery! Oakland. ¦. •. x _ ' _
RADKK— In this city. "January ' 20. 1901. Robert
Radke. beloved husband of the late Gretchen
Radke, and father of Albert, William. Ed-
ward. Richard, August . and Minnie Radke
and Mrs. C. N. Pickett and Mrs. H. . H.
Adams, a native of Germany, aged 75 years
2 months and 25 days. .
REILLY— In San Rafael, January 2a, 1901.
Matthew W., beloved, husband of -Annje
Rellly, and father of Bemice Rellly. and son
of Katherlne and the late Bernard Reilly.
a Dative of. San Rafael, aged 30 years and
11 months. . .
FRIEP— In this city. January 19. 1901. Annie.
beloved v.ife of Harry L. Fries, and beloved
daughter of Timothy Duane and the late
Bridget Duane, and sister cf Mr». V. T. G1I-
ehrtEt and James A. Duane, a native of New
York, aged 33 years 5 months and 2S days.
CyFriends find acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
d»ne*. 32 Ringold street, off Eighth, between
FMsom and Harrison, thence- to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mase will
be celebrated for the rrpose of her soul, com-
mencing at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GILKYSON— In San Jose. Cal.. January 19,
1301. Ruth, beloved wife of J. W. GJIkyson,
and mother cf A. R.. J. W., Winifred and
Xit* GilVs"n « nd Ml* Foley. Mrs. Palg".
Mrs. Rideout and Mrs. Sayers, a native of
Mtchiran. ased 61 years. (Chlco and Berke-
ley papers please copy.)
C7Intermem at Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock'.
GOODIX— In Oakland. January 20. 1901. Mr«.
Eltra Virginia W. Ooodin. a native of New
Orleans, aged SO years. .
GORDON— At St. Luke's Hospital, January
20, Alexander Chase Gordon, beloved husband
of Melissa D. Gordon, a native of New
Hampshire-, aged 7« years 9 months" and 18
davy. A veteran o,f the Mexican War.
HANSKN— In this city. January IS, 1901, Emi!
Hansen. a native of Denmark, aged 31 years
3 months and 15 days. A member of Dan-
mark No. 2, Danla.
fyFriends and acquaintances and member*
of Danmark No. ' I, Danla, are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day
v (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of H.
P. Petersen & Co.. 22S McAllister street,
where funeral services will be held, under
the auspices of Danmark No. 2, Danla. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENDERSON— January 20, 1S01. Mrs. Cather-
ine Henderson, aged 87 years 6 months and
¦ 4 days.
HU3EK— In Alameda. January 20. 1301, Pearl
Estelle, only daughter of William I H. and
Annie Huber, a .native of San Francisco.
JENS— In thi» city, January 19, 1801. Emma,
dearly beloved and only daughter of William
and Elise Jens, and sister of William Jens
Jr., a native of Ban Francisco, aged S years
2 months and 2S days.
t7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral this day
(Mqnday), at. 2 o'clock, from the residence o*
her parents, 1219 Pierce street, between Eddy
and Ellis. Interment Odd Fellows* Ceme-
tery.
JOXES— In this city. January 20. 1901. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of J. P. Jones, mother
of Mrs. Thomas Nlcholle. Mrs. J. P. Hughes
and Mary Jones, and grandmother of Mm.
Etta Tumelty and Albert and George Jones
and Laura, Milton. Marguerite and Flossie
Hughes, a native of Wales, aged SO years 5
months and 7 days.
(£7 Friends an-l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
• dence, Ct> Twelfth street, between Market and
Mission. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omtt flowers.
KLUNDGEN— In this city. January It, 1901.
Jennie, beloved mother of Lawrence Klund-
gen, Mrs. EM Goldenson and Mrs.' J. Isola, a
native of Paris, France, aged 62 years 10
months and 7 days.-
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this .day
(Mor.dcy), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. "259 Clementina st. -¦ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by carriage.
LOGAN— In this city, January 19. 1901, Mary,
daughter of Edward and the late Maria Lo-
gan, and sister of Annie and Edward Logan,
and ntee* of Anna, and Emma McMahon and
Louis* Kernan, a native of San Francisco.
aged 19 years 9 months and 17 days.
£XFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to ¦ attend ¦ the funeral this flay
(Monday), »t 8:30 o'clock, from her lste rest-
der.w. 23 Shipley W«t, thence to Pt. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
ma«s will be celebrated for the repoee of her
soul commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . .
LYNCH— In th'.s city. January 19. im. Mrs.
¦Mary J. Lynch,' widow of John W. Lynch, a
native of Ohio.
rjrThe funeral services will be held this
day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from 1774 Howard
street. Interment private.
LYNCH— In this city. January 29, • 1901,, Sarah
Th'-repa, beloved daughter of George J. and
Surie Lynch, 1 a native of San FranciscQ. aged
2 years and 2 months.
JlcVASTER— In Oakland, January 20, 1901.
Frances W. McMaster. beloved sister of
James W. William and Joseph McManter. a
native of Altaieda,. Cal., aged 33 years and S
months. , ¦
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from her brother's
residence 872 Henry street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
MAGUIRE— In Santa Barbara, January IS,
* 1«C1 George Edward, beloved husband of
PoDhle E Jlaeuire. a native of Boston.
Mass.. aged S3 years 9 months and 1 day.
er Funeral this day <Monday), . at Z:W
o'clock, from his late residence. 2415 Califor-
nia street. Interment nrivate. '
M FRRILL-In Oakland, . at 835 Center street.
January » 19C1. Mrs. Caroline S. Merrill, a
native, of California, aged 46 years 10 months
and S days.
ORK— In this city. January 19. 1901, George A..
beloved husband of Victoria Orr. and father
of Victoria and Oeorrette Orr. and eldest
ton of Elizabeth and the late James Orr, a
native of New York.
C7Frienas and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun«ral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock," from his late resi-
dence, S2S Greenwich street, thence .to ' St.
Francis Church, corner of Montgomery ave-
nue and-ValleJo street, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero .streets.
POTTKAMP-In the City and County Hospital.
ARXOLD-In Oakland", January 20. iwn. Emily
P.. beloved wife of Oscar D. ArneM. und
mother of Ora A:. Eugene L., AJma P., Del-
bert O., Harriet M.. Henry ? A. and ' Cxrus
Arnold, a native of Iowa, apod 61 years and
1J dej-s. •
BARRY— There will bs an anniversary requiem
high mass celebrated in St. Rose's Church,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of Patrick Barry- Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend. .
BDCHERER- In . this city, January M, 1S01,
Charles F. Becherer, brother-in-law of Au-
Ctsst and Albert Mack, a native of Braun-
echwelg, Germany, aged 75 years. '
ICTNotice of funeral h»n?after. Remains
at th* funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt,
2656 Mission Ftreet.
BOWEN— In Oakland. January 29. 1901. Thomas
W., beloved husband of Mary E. Bowen. anJ
father of Lulu. Lottie and Daisy Bowen, a
native- of Chester, N. J., aged 72 years. 1
icrxotice of funeral hereafter.
BRETT— in Menlo Park, Cal. January 19. 1901,
John n. Brett, beloved father of Mrs. E. H.
Marwedel and Mrs. Ellwood Varney, a native
of Maine. «*#d *2 years.
JCTInterment private, at Mountain View
Crmetery this (Monday) afternoon. •
BUCKLEY-ln this city, January 20. 1901.
Mary Alice, dearly beloved daughter of P.
A. and Lizzie Bucicley. and sister cf Ray-
mond J.. Evelyna and Mabel -K. Buckley, a
native of San Franclseo, aged 11 months and
20 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. K2 Filbert street, theace to Holy
Crc*s Cemetery.
CHASE-In this city. January 19. 1901. Sarah
ChaEe. beloved wife of the late William Chase,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Lew Mu-
sante. and grandmother of Lily Lester and
Raymond Mut'ante. a native of Xew Hamp-
shire, aged 63 years 2 months and 1 day.
(Calaveras papers please cony.)
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitod to attend the funeral this day
(Monday). -at 11 o'clock, from her 'late resi-
dence. 4*0 McA-Ilister street, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CLAl'SMAXX — An anniversary high requiem
mass will be celebrated to-morrow (Tues-
day), at Xotre Dame des V'ictolres French
Church. Bush street. ¦ for the repose or the
soul of Bmlle Clausmann, commencing at 9
o'clock. By invitation of his grandmother.
Mrs. Marie Clausmann. and his sisters, Ma-
ria Clausmann and Mrs. Alice Bertin.
COHN— In this city, January 20. 19C1. Louis
Cohn. bPlov*<l husband of Etta Conn, and
father of Annie. Nathan and Emily Oohn.
and brother of Mis. IX. Harris and Joseph and
Solomon Cohn, a native of Nakel, Pruisla,
aged 75 years.
CUDDY— In this city, Jenuarj 1?. W«L CatV
erlr.e, dearly belo\ed wifa of the late
John Cuddy, and mother of William Cuddy
and Mrs. P.. M. Gaffney, and grandmother of
John P.. James P., Michael J., Catherine and
Annie Gaffney, a native of Queens County,
Ireland, a Bed 75 years.
£3>"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdays at 8:30 o'clock, from h«r lat« resi-
dence. 6 Alice streets thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass »vlll be
celabrated for the repose of her soul, com-
nunelnjr at 9 o'clock, ftiterment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EMMANS— In this city. January 19. 1901, Mary
Eirm«ns. beloved mother of Charles and
Minnie Kmmans, a native cf Xew Jersey,
aged 38 years.
¦ £7Tbe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission " street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by 10:4ft
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
FLERES— In this city. January 20. 1901. Marl-
ar:r.ir>'>, beloved wife of Antonio Fleres, and
mother of Mrs. T. Mollnelll. Mrs. S. Chla-
rlni, Mrs. F. Powers and John Fleres, a na-
tive of Palermo, Italy, aged 72 years and 6
months.
(£7 Funeral and interment private.
FOX— In this city. January ' 20. 1S01. Thomas
Fox, a natlv? of Xew York, aged 60 years.
C^Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor A Co.. 767, Mission street. Notice of fun-
BAII.WAY TBAVZL-SCENE AT FORTY-EIGHTH ANNI
VERSARY CELEBRATION OF THE
Y. M. C. A.
St. Ignatius College.
It is found unavoidably necessary to
postpone the college play which was / to
have taken place next Wednesday, • to 8
o'clock Friday evening, the 25th lrtat,- •
Visionary Dream of a Beggar.
; Charles Meyer. , am inmate i \ of fc x the
Branch; County 'Jail serving a. sentence
of six; months for the offense . o( begging,
is now. an ' inmate of a padded" cell wait
ing an examination* by the Commissioners
of. Insanity." Meyers claims to have beon
visited by an 1 angel who revealed to him
a" spot ' on . earth -where : there are millions
of; dollars 1 stored. He: will not tell where
this place Is. he says, until the end of the
present';- century. ¦¦-... Superintendents A' ¦¦ J
Martin of the branch Jail was fearful that
Meyer mteht commit suicide.- , -.:,-..
I ;
Night Watchman Expires.
Charles F. BechereK a widower, aged
76 years, succumbed to an attack of acute
pneumonia Saturday night at the City and
County Hospital. While acting as a
watchman last Christmas morning at the
Pacific Coast Packing House 1 he . was at
tacked and thrown down- by Victor Nel
son, who 1 was formerly/ watchman there
and who at the time was Intoxicated."* In
falling Becherer sustained a fractured hip
and was removed to the hospital. 'A war-'
rant was Issued 1 for his assailant's arrest
at tho time of the assault, butvthe police
have been -unable to locate shim. It was
at first thought that Becherer*s death was
the result of the fall, but ¦ the ' autopsy
showed. otherwise. ;,; .; - •
Extension of Found Limits.
The Supervisors' Police Committee rec
ommended on Saturday for passage the
ordinance regulating and providing for
pound limits to take In the entire city and
county. Garret McEnerney addressed the
committee in opposition to the -ordinance
on behalf of the dairymen, who claimed
that It would injure their business, as the
Poundkeeper would be . continually im
pounding their cattle. John A. Partrldg.-j
urged the passage of the ordinance on the
ground that the people should be protect
ed against the nuisance of cattle running
at large.
The committee renorted In favor of
completing the Seventeenth-street police
station at once. - provided the 1 estimated
cost of $3000 may be made payable out of
the urgent necessity iund.
A Rebekah Installation.
Memorial Hall. Odd FellowsV building,
was crowded Saturday evening on the
occasion of , the public installation , of the
officers of Templar Rebekah Lodge by
District : Deputy President Mrs. Eola'M.
Cyrus, assisted by Alma Isabel Jensen as
marshal and a full corps of officers." The
Installing officers were all attired In white
snu wore beautifully embroidered' regalia;
and v as they; filled, their -respective sta
tions and the officers-elect stood : at the
altar in the' hall; which was tastefully
decorated with pink and hlle - green. 1 the
colors of the order, and Lwith flowers and
evergreens, they madeup a very pleasing
picture. The new officers who are to con
trol the lodge for the current term! are:
Tressle Hopkins, P. : O.: Wlnnlfred M.
Dowle.'N. G.: -.Geneva H. Ashworth. V.
G. ; Bessie • Monroe, - R.* S. ; • Delia Spinney,
T-; Effle.Tunniston, R. Sr to N. G.: Elmer
Drees; L. S. to N.G.: Mollle Black. R. S.
, to V. G. : little ' Carson,' L. : 8. to V. G. :
Dale Warford, chaplain: Lottio Farr. W.;
Mary Herringer, conductor. ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
_ Alter ; the ceremonies : Brigadier General
Brower; P. M.V on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented a beautiful past smfcjid's richly, em
broidered r collar ;~ to ¦ the - : retiring ~. noble
f rand; Mrs. I Tressle | Hopkins, . after., which
Major/ Jack ; Thompson ¦ presented I an I ele
gant jewel to Mrs.' Dale iWarf ord, ; : the re
tiring past grand."" The ceremony. was fol
lowed by dancing. - .:"
Tieath": Comes Swiftly.
Mrs. Mary T. Smith, wife of John J.
Smith. 3454 Nineteenth j street, died unex
pectedly >at an early hour yesterday morn-.
Ing. About 3 o'clock - her husband was
awakened by the odor of gas in his bed
room and he went to his wife's apartment
to see what was the matter. She was not
In bed and he struck a match and llerhted
the gas, which was escaping. ' --Mrs.- Smith
was seated on a chair with her elbow rest
ing on a table. Her husband called In Dr.
Hansen, who; found that she was dead.
She had apparently risen from bed to light
the gas and while turning it on had faint
ed and ' fall en Into the chair. ¦ An autopsy
by Dr.Baclgalupl showed that death waa
due s to fatty degeneration of the heart;
and not gas suffocation. She was 49 years
of age. fe<IW*W>*<WWteWB^a^HbJB8ta
Fred Tolfers, a grocery clerk employed
by Henry Elmers, his uncle, at the north
east corner of Harrison and Beale streets,
died at the City and County Hospital at
10:15 o'clock last night as the result of
pulling' a gun out of a boat with the
muzzle toward him. A full charge of bird
shot entered his left arm and side and
penetrated his vital organs. Dr. T. D.
Maher, the resident physician, who at
tended him, had no hope of saving his
life when he was brought In:
Tolfers, In company with Fred Gaffkln,
who Is employed at Stelllng's grocery, at
the corner of Folsom and Langton streets,
went hunting -yesterday on lslois Creek
and the marshes abutting on the old San
Bruno road. - They left their boat and
guns tied up at the beach and went to
take a drink. - . %¦ ¦,
Then Tolfers, on returning, picked up
his shotRun by the muzzle, an£ pulled It
against one of ¦ the seats. . A hammer
caught, the gun went off and Tolfers re
ceived the full load of shot. He fell on
the road and laid there for fully twenty
minutes before his companion could se
cure assistance. Finally a rancher In the
neighborhood hitched^ up a team, tele
phoned for the ambulance at the Receiv
ing Hospital and brought the wounded
man to the nearest accessible point. • .
So. desperate was -his condition at <thla
time that It was deemed expedient to
hasten Tolfers to the nearest hospital.
He was very weak from loss of blood and
after beincr laid upon the operating table
sank rapidly. .'. :
The body was removed, to the Morgue.
Fred Tolfers, Grocery Clerk,
Is Victim of Fatal
Accident.
PULLS A LOADED
GUN TOWARD HIM
Iicfore c-:ilf-ring the service Baytel was
a bookkeeper. H<» has a sister residing
at 271 Stevoiiron rtreet, Pullman, 111.
Baytel was a native of Warsaw, Russia.
*2 years cf age. He enlisted in Chicago
and whs aligned to Company E, Thlrty
s-evrr.th Infantry. He saw. considerable
service and was wounded, in the knee.
Such Is the strength of a shot from a
Krag-Jorgensen. tnat the bullet, after
passing through Baytci's skull passed
through the floor of the story above,
through a hair mattress three Inches
thick, through still another floor and out
through the roof.
Baytel was evidently suffering from
melancholia, a form of insanity peculiar
to those who spend any length of time
soldiering in Manila. He was to have
been discharged to-day, and had been
told so repeatedly by the lirst sergeant
of the convalescent company of which he
was a member, but the information did
not seem to afford him relief. »
. While his comrades were at lunch he
secured a' rifle from the arm rack. loadeuT
k and took it to his cot. Sitting on thj
edge of the bed, he bent over and plac
ing the muzzle of the gun to his left
temple, pulled the trigger. The report
brought the men running from- the din
ing room and they found him lying on the
bed with the top of hi3 head literally
blown oft. Death must have been instan
taneous. ¦ - ¦¦ .
Brooding over a shattered constitution
caused by fourteen months' service in the
Philippines and the prospect of going
through life a cripple, owing to a gunshot
wound received in the service of Uncle
Sam, are the supposed causes of the sui
cide of Edward M. Baytel, a convalescent
soldier, at ¦ the Presidio yesterday. He
used a Krag-Jorgenson rifle to do the
deed.
Demented Soldier Blows Out
His Brains on last Day
of Service.
EIDS LIFE WITH
KRAG-JORGENSON
TEAMSTER FALLS
THIRTY-FOUR FEET
THE celebration of the forty-eighth
anniversary of the founding" of
the- Young -Men's Christian Asso
,'ciation in this city was held yes
.terday.evening at. the association
building, Ellis and- Mason streets, the. ex
ercises being attended -by a large number
of members and their friends. , , . . .
of the spirit which animates the mem
bers of the association all over the world
From a small beginning the association
in this city had gone forward by strides
and to-day It stands as a monument of
which all might be proud. The speaker
reviewed. the work 'of the association anl
pointed out the many benefits which ac
crued to all who Joined the organiza
tion. Young men were benefited in many
ways. In the rooms of the association
they found spiritual guidance and also
enjoyed physical comforts and training.
There was plenty of room for the youns
men to keep on in their work and induce
others to join the association. A fea
ture of all large cities was the work
achieved by the Young Men's Christian
Association and the glorious record to
the credit • of • the organization in San
Francisco should increase in the future.
The exercises closed with the singing
Lands on Top of His Head
on Cement Pavement*
and Still Lives.
Edward Burke, a laboringman who re
sides at 322 Rltch street, i3 at the Receiv
ing Hospital with a badly battered head,
which may later develop into a fractured
skull. He will be removed to-day, to the
City and County Hospital, there to await
the results of his Injuries.
Burke is a teamster, and longshoreman,
and occupied a room on the third floor of
the lodging house. He claims, that late
Saturday night his room became overheat
ed and he opened the window. While he
was sitting on the window sill to cool off
he lost his balance and fell to the cement
walk below, a distance of thlrty-f«ur feet.
He landed on the top of his head, and peo
ple in the neighborhood say that the re
sounding whack on the pavement . could
bo heard a block off. '••'*, '¦'*'¦
Burke was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital by Policeman T. !.•. Murphy, and
there Doctors Starr and Boskowitz diag
nosed his case as lacerations of the scalp,
with the possibility of a fracture of the
upper portion of the skull. \
That Burke was not: instantly Killed Is
remarkable, considering the distance , he
fell and the manner in which he struck on
the cement sidewalk. Burke is about 45
years of age and weigh In the neighbor
hood of 175 pounds. Last November- he
lost his wife and things have not been
going well with him lateiy, He has a
young son living with relatives in the
country. \ -.-.-• •,-¦¦•.
Burke has been brooding over his family
and financial nffairs for the last two
months, and while he claims that his fall
was accidental, his increasing melancholia
gave rise to the suspicion -. that ¦< design
rather than accident, was the cause. •His
reputation in the neighborhood and among
the other roomers In the . houca is excel
lent He was not known as a. drinking
man, and no evidences of liquor were dis
cernable on him when he was brought to
the Receiving Hospital. - . r.
The extraordinary thickness of his skull
Is. in the opinion of the attending physi
cians, the only .thing that . saved him
from imme3?at<?.f^«ith. , -
There is good In all of them. But this
good must be refined from the dross of
ages, errors pruned, from the doctrines
tnught and ¦ religion . rid of superstition.
No church can be ideal unless It is broad
and fair minded.
"The best religion and the best church
is the one that produces the best good
among men. The doctrines taught must
appeal to. the intelligence of strong, bold
and self-reliant men and women. In the
ideal churjeh there will be no changes as
men become more enlightened and skep
ticism passes away. I believe that the
time is fast approaching when the church,
as at present constituted, will disappear
and in -its stead there will be a mightier
church, based on the broad plan of love
for fellow man."
Fred; B. Smith to Talk Again.
Fred B. Smith of Chicago, who has de
livered a number of addresses before the
members of the Young Men's' Christian
Association, will- deliver his last address
at the Association Auditorium this even
ing. • - -,
The greatest Interest has been created
among the members of the association by
the addresses of Mr. Smith and he has
spoken to large audiences.The subject of
the address to be given to-night is "A
Strong Man," and will be for men only.
Seats are free.
With tears streaming down his cheeks
Frank Huntsman, a soldier attached to
CoiKpany C, Fourth Casuals, stationed at
the "presidio, accosted Policeman James
Cavanaugh on Kearny street near the
Hall of Justice early yesterday morning,
end pointing to a well dressed young
woman who stood a few feet away begged
him to give her lodging In the City Prison.
"She is my wife," tearfully remarked
the soldier, "For God's sake see that she
teis a oiace to sleep."
in answer to the officer's Questions the
roldier said that he and the woman, whose
maiden name was Alice Starratt, were
married last Wednesday. The few dol
lars he had saved went to provide for his
wife ar>.d he soon found himself penniless.
After tramping the streets for hours with
out means to hire a room for his bride,
Huntsman suggested that ehe sleep in the
City Prison. Hungry ana tired the un
fortunate woman consented, and together
They started lor the Hall of Justice. Meet-
Ing Policeman Cavanaugh, the soldier tim
idly approached him and asked him to
provide shelter for bis bride.
"Has she no relatives here?" Inquired
Cavanaugh as he cast a sympathetic
glance at the woman.
"Her parents live In Berkeley," tearfully
remarked Huntsman, "but they -have no
use for her, as she left them to marry
sue."
Touched by the pitiful appeal the big
hearted policeman at first started to reach
for his purse, but not^wanting to offend
\'Le bride and her husband he asked them
to accompany him to the police station.
To LJeutenant Martin the soldier repeated
bis strange request for lodgings for his
vife.
"I know it is a tough proposition," he re
marked as he noticed the look of disgust
on the face of the oflicsr. "but I can't
l**- :p it."
"bee that she is well taken care of."
ordered the lieutenant, addressing the
policeman. "Tell them to give her the
best b*-d in the house."
With faltering steps Mrs. Huntsman
was led to the elevator that is used for
carrying persons to the City Prison. At
the door of the casre Huntsman tenderly
kissed his bride, telling her he would call
again in the morning and endeavor to pro
vide her with better accommodations.
"Don't worry about me, George," an
swered the hapless bride, as tears coursed
cown her cheeks; "they can't separate us.
even if I am forced to ask for a bed in
the City Prison."
A moment after she entered the prison
The woman, evidently horrified by the
gloomy surroundings, emitted a scream
that could be beard on the floor below,
and fearing: she was about to collapse
Desk Sergeant Brown summoned Matron
Kabian, who escorted her to the apart
ments set aside for women. As the
•woman had not eaten for twenty-four
hours the kind hearted matron sent to a
neighboring restaurant for a bountiful re
past for her unfortunate lodger.
While partaking of the meal Mr«=.
Huntsman said she first met her soldier
husband in Chicago. She became madly
infatuated with him and despite the blt
ler opposition of her mother she consent
ed to become his wife. While she was
thinking of her impending marriage Fho
received a short but loving note from her
lover. Informing her that he had been
<alled to Denver. Determined to make him
keep his word, she packed her trunk and
followed him. She found Huntsman with
a company of "casuals" who were pre
paring to come to this city. He promised
i hat unless he was sent to Manila ho
would make her his wife as soon as they
reached this city. She arrived here last
Tuesday, and meeting Huntsman on the
following day asked h!m to ke<»p h's
promise. Huntsman went to the City
Hall and obtained the necessary license
and they were married that afternoon.
The newly m:irried pair visited the wo
man's mother in Berkeley, but she woull
not receive her new son-in-law. Hunts
man then installed his bride in a south of
-Market street lodging house, while he re
turned to the Presidio to join his com
pany. Saturday night, finding herself
without money to pay the rent of h-^r
room, the luckless bride went to the Pro
eidlo and poured her troubles into her
husband's ears. They came back to the
city together and finally found a tempo
rary haven for the woman in the City
Prison.
On lravlng the prison yesterday morning
Mrs. Huntsman profusely thanked the
prison keepers and the matron for their
kindness.
Mrs. V. D. FIrslow, mother of the girl,
¦who resides at 1707 Virginia street, Berke
ley, said last nljrht:
"My daughter has committed blcamy In
Tnarrylng Huntsman. She Is Mrs. Alice
Petzlaff, wife of a station agent at An-
FPlm. N. D.. who is now suing her for a
rtlvoree on the ground of desertion. She
is about 21 years old- The srirl was left bv
xne with my father several years apo. He
was a wealthy merchant of Copenhagen
•where h* recently died. There wero fam
ily troubles that separated Mr. Starratt
her father, and myself. She was educated"
In one of the finest academies of France
After my separation I adopted my father's
name.
"Huntsman was here last Tuesday, and
nn Wednesday they were married at tie
Presidio by an army chaplain. Hur.tsmin
knew my daughter was not divorced for
I told h!m so. Thursday they came here
during my absence and stayed all nVht'
"When I found that out I protested. T t«»l-
OKraphed yesterday to the County Clerk
at Ufbon, X. D., and received the reply
that the decree had not been granted.
"When I found that this was the case I
simply refused to allow Huntsman to stay
in the house. I did not drive my daughter
away. Neither 5he nor Huntsman has any
ripht to accuse me of turning her out.
under the circumstances I could not do
otherwise than to refuse to receive Hunts
man."
Walk the Streets All Night Until
' Tired and Hungry They
Throw All Pride to
the Winds.
Penniless Soldier Appeals to
Police for Lodging for
His Wife.
BRIDE SLEEPS
ON PRISON COT
torium arid a Vast Audienee Listens to a Most
Stirring Address by Fred B. Smith of Chieago
Speeial Serviees Are Held in the Headquarters Audi-
Fred B. Smith of Chicasro delivered the
anniversary address and spoke eloquently
Superintendent Henry J. McCoy- read
the scripture lesson, which was Psalm
xlvl. Another selection by the quartet
was followed by a few remarks by Pres
ident "Watt of the association. He con
gratulated all present on the fact of the
members of the association having such
splendid headquarters, which compared
favorably with any in the country. Pres
ident "Watt reviewed the building up of the
association In this city and trusted that
the members would be as earnest, in the
future as they had been in the past.
The association auditorium was crowd
ed to the -doors. The exercises opened
with the singing of the hymn, "Onward
Go," In which the entire. audience Joined,
and was followed by a selection rendered
by the Calvary Church quartet.
Henry t N. Clement, an attorney, occu
pied the pulph last night in the* Second
Unitarian Church, corner of Capp and
Twenty-second streets; He chose for the
subject of his sermon "The Ideal Church."
and discussed church affairs from the
standpoint of a layman. . In opening his
discourse; he said that he did not assume
to speak as one. in authority, and added
that his hearers were not bound to accept
his views.
"The same ultimate aim and purpose,"
said he, "is at the base of all religions.
Expresses His Views as to; What
Should Constitute the Ideal
Church.
ATTORNEY H. N. \ CLEMENT
OCCUPIES THE PTTLPIT
of the hymn "Throw Out the L.lfe T,tne"
and the Doxology by the entire audience.
MEMBERS OF THE YOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION CELEBRATE
FORTY-EIGHT YEARS OF GOOD WORK
Trouble is already brewing for the new
president of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. Charles M. Hays, and the' echo
of the welcome accorded to him on his ar
rival here has. not had time to die away
ere a bomb of discord has been thrown
right at his feet.
Walter Morshead has come all the way
from England to stir up the machinery of
the law against the Southern Pacific
road. - ( ,
Mr. Morshead is one of the English hold
ers of Central, Pacific stock who was bit
terly opposed to the absorption of - the
Central Pacific by* the late C. P. Hunting
ton, and the absorption of that road by
the Southern' Pacific Company of Ken
tucky.
When the famous "funding bill" was
before Congress Morshead put up a strong
fight against the measure and was assist
ed by many English holders of Central
Pacific bonds. Morshead and His friends
were not satisfied with the defeat of the
funding bill and in June, 1899, a suit was
entered by Morshead in the United States
Circuit Court to restrain Huntlngton and
his associates from absorbing the Central
Pacific into the Southern Pacific system,
and to stop the payment of interest on the
new bonds or .mortgages which Hunting
ton proposed to issue to settle his In
debtedness to the Federal Government.
The suit promised one of the- biggest
fights in railroad history in the country
and a. decision has not yet been handed
down by the Circuit Court.
Morshead has now taken another en
tirely different step and has come all the
from. .London to San Francisco to
throw the gage of battle down to Presi
dent Hays and also to make an appeal to
the public.
Morshead is at the Grand Hotel and
yesterday he gave out for publication the
following statement, which he had served
by mall on the parties interested in the
sale of or holding of bonds of the South
ern Pacific Railroad: ',
: . . issue of
$10,000,000 bonds of the
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMKVNY.,
To Messrs. Speyer &- Co. of New York, th<»
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, and
Istaics \V. Hellman, president of that bank, and
the Central Trust Company of New York: Take
notice that as a shareholder In the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company of California I object
to the Issue or sale, as advertised, of the above
mentioned J10.000.000, or any other bonds which
are or may be secured, or deemed to be se
cured, directly or indirectly, by the assets,
stocks or bonds of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company of California, or the Central Pacific
Hallway Company of Uta"h. - -
And I make this objection for the following,
among other reasons, viz., because:
1. The conveyance, dated 29th of July, ISO?,
from the Central Pacific Railroad Company of
California, purporting to convey all its prop
erty and franchises to the Central Pacific Rail
way Company of Utah, for the consideration
of one dollar, was an Illegal and fraudulent
device adopted for the purpose of evading the
laws of California, by which these properties
were protected, and carrying Into effect a
scheme for confiscating the Interests of the
Central Pacific shareholders for the benefit of
"the predaceous and fraudulent, concern"
known as the Southern Pacific Company.
2. tlpward of 377,000 $100 shares in the. Cen
tral Paclflo Railroad of Calfornia have been
obtained by false and fraudulent representa
tions from the shareholders, to whom they
were sold at high prices by the late Mr. Hunt
ington and his associates, throug-h Messrs.
Speyer some years since, and in furtherance of
the 'scheme promoted by Mr. Huntlnston and
Messrs. Speyer have been, or are Intended to
be, exchanged for a like amount In par value
of. Southern Pacific stock, which is abOslutely
valueless. I
3. Two hundred thousand shares, aggregat
ing J20.000.000, In the Central Pacific Railway,
purporting to be entitled to priority both as
regards dividends and capital, have in fur
therances of the Huntington-Speyer scheme,
been Illegally Issued and have been or 'are
Intended to be delivered to the Southern Pa
cific Company In exchange for a like amount
In par value of Southern Pacific bonds, which
as . well as the stock of that company, ara
absolutely valueless.
4. Apart from the credit derived from the
assets, stock or bonds of the Central Pacific
Railroad of California. Illegally and fraudu
lently conveyed and obtained ns aforesaid (and
to which the Southern Pacific Company can
make no title), the proposed new Issue of bonds
Is absolutely unsecured, the properties of that
company being already bonded over and over
ajrain far beyond their value.
5. The control pt the Central Pacific Rail
road by a rival and comneting; company obtaln
fH'by the aforesaid Illegal and fraudulent
methods Is destructive of the Interests of the
Central Pacific shareholders, and If the'Hunt
lnitton-Speyer scheme Is consummated, past
frauds of Breat magnitude will be riveted upon
us and we shall b« deprived of all chance of
past or future dividends.
. 6. Bills arc now ponding In. the Circuit Court
of California fa) impeaching these and other
frauds In connection with the attempted ab
sorption of the Central Pacific by the South
ern Pacific Company,, and (b) raising the
question whether this gigantic theft. suroas§
lnK In * Its audacity the achievements of the
robber barons of the middle ages, can b>» suc
cessfully consummated under. American law In
the twentieth, century.
7. This notice Is Issued, and by the cour
tesy of the press. : will be published, to pre
vent as far as practicable, pending a Judicial
decision. - any of the bonds of " the - proposed
new Issue passing into- the hands of persons
who may claim to be purchasers for value
without notice of the rights which belong to
the shareholders of the : Central Pacific Rail
road of California. ¦ \V. MORSHEAD.
Albany, Plcadllly,- London. Bntcland.
Grand Hotel, San Francisco, Cal., j January
21, 1301. . ' ¦ ¦ . .
W. Morshead Comes From London to
Issue an Ultimatum to the Rail
road and Warns the Public.
Makes. Strenuous Objection
to the Sale ol Central
Pacific Bonds.
An Englisli Holder ol
Stock Is on the
Warpath,
SOUTHERN
PACIFIC IS
DENOUNCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO/CALL; MONDAY, .JANUAEY- 21, 1901.
12
DR.MCNULTY.
i.^?* 01 * ltat «V«Blyxl Poison. OonorrbOM.CIeet,
S i t i^ e i n^r >M !l mj "" IV '*^* Jtn "W.Iinpot»'nc« and their
Mlled Disorders. Book on Disease of Me». free.
9?Z*P,7* n Fl*x9**<c n e*.T*rm* reannnabie. HonrN
?fi , 7 :6:a> "»*- a>««v'K«. SundjiT^ 10 to »i Coniral-
tuuoulreeandsacredly conflclentiai. Can oe mddxes*
P. KO8COB aicXULTT, 31. D.
20>; Kearny St.. San rranel»co,CeL
DR.PIERCtS
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOD.11VER.3.UMGS.
¦ i T>o? nothing} vrhen 1 angry i- and you will
have the less to undo. ...
¦
I Trapper'a Oil cures rheumatism and neuralda.
Drug-data, EOo Cask. Richards A Co., 406 Clay. •
Weafe Men and Women
CHbCLD r USE DAMIANA BITTKR3. THB
O n eat Mexican remedy; Rivea health and
¦trenita to sexual organs. Depot, J33 Market.
- There ¦ .!¦ ¦ oil all around -. the -Veauvlm. • Buy
the ' stock > before • they .strike oil, ' 40 cents." See
Dr.'' 3:-S.\ Potts. 46l : Parrott'. building;. ':•-.
ff^k I I A B &§ Laflln & Rand -Waterproof
I ¦¦ IWa^k m °kel*»?s Powder. In butk
I m a 1 IM aml loa(1) ' d In «hells. S?nd
fill ffi ¦ f] Hjn for «»«loBue of sportlnt-
Vv' Mw' poods. OEO. W. SHREVE
739 Market street.
3?') MARKFT ST. SJ
DEWEY,STR0NG&C0.,
DIPT nni/l! Fourth and
I AUk UIIVAI Market. 3. p. Try
Unl L llUinU ftram and Laicw.
5c. Overcoat* and
rallses checked frea
1A/. T. HESS.
S0TA&T PSJLI; A.1J ATt\i£X.it-\:- T »iir,
Tenth Floor. Room 101S. Clans Spnckela Bids.
Telephone Crown S21.
Residence. «2l California at., below Powell.
San Francisco. •
119 TAYLOR STREET.
'Phone Howard J021.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GREATEST DRIED FRUIT
SALE OF SEASON.
THIS ENTIRE WEEK.
2 tons on sale; 5c regular. Direct from
orchard.
BEST P. R. BUTTER, square 2Dv
APRIGOTS^.A. :: S 9C
BEST EGGS AGAIX LOWER.
DCAPLICC Far »c>' Crawford. pound -7^
rCAuntO^« tetter at any [Q
HAM-OUR PRICK IS LOWEST
ADDI CC Best Evaporated, white. "7_
kYflth K U r n iucei,idp,ei 'C
WHY PAY MORE FOR GROCERIES -
DCADC5 artlett pound o^
! CAnu SeI *f t<v<1 fruIt ; delicious Hn
CASH PRICES ALWAYS.
riAQ "Mountain." white or black. A _
FULL WEIGHTS AND MEASURES
NECTARINES y • ¦ 7c
. . Most tasty of f u
fruits.
WATCH FOR WEDNESDAY'S AD
WHISKEY Si^rr,",^™;- nsc
Come, Send op Phona Tour Orders.
BOWEM
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
H a^m s
Old Dominion — .' -, «•/-.
reg'ly 15c Ib I Z,C -
Goose-liver
Puree de foies gras— onr
reg'ly 25c can zu^
Co f f e e
Pasha blend— nn 1 **
reg'ly 35c Ib 2/ 2 C
Borax soap
Snowflake — 7 cakes o m r
reg'ly 5 for 25c z 5 *-
Baking powder
Excelsior— 1 and 5 Ib cans o oc
good quality 2^C
1 e a s
World brand — 1 Ib tins t o 1 *-
Extra sifted— reg'ly 15c can x * c
DCL- Gln ' l
OlfTom-reg'lyJi 9OC
) S a 1 m o n
Choice quality— t rtr-
1 Ib cans— reg ly T2lc *
R o y a n s
Sardines with truffle and > ¦ L' 1
pickle— reg'ly 15c I 2 a C
M u s h r o o m s
F. Lecourt— 1
reg'ly 25c*can 2 2 a C
R a i si n s
Seeded — , - f nr , _ • _
reg'ly ioc carton • 3 tOT 1 $C
v Apr i c o t s
World brand— 3 Ib cans— «CC
sliced-reg'ly 30c v ->^
-W hi sky
bourbon— '
reg'ly $r bottle gallon -j
$4 gallon , J
S t u f f e d o 1 i y e s
Teyssonneau— 0 nr a - f
Olives with anchovies 6 U *~ 4-J> c
in oil ¦ ' . \i ' i
H a m a in e 1 is.
(Extract of witch-hazel)
i pint pint* quart
15c 256 40c
L a vender s alts
a nd5oc- 2 5cand4 5 c
4J3 Pine »3i Snttw a8oo California San FraacitCf
-:_V 'Tblrtecntta and Clay Streets Oakland
Advance in
Oil Stocks
The offices of the company, room 7.
ground floor. Mills building, San Francis-
co. Cal., present a busy scene, giving In-
formation and prospectus to Intending
purchasers.
The necessary machinery, derrick, tim-
bers and drilling tools of the Bella Vista
Oil Syndicate are being placed In position,
and actual operations In San Ma-
teo County have commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this company will
be advanced to 23 centa a share not later
tban February 1. and In all probability
much sooner, as several large blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue, and notice of this" fact has
been sent to the stockholders, many o£
whom are doubling their holdings by the
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now fa your last chance.
Broken
Eyeglass
l>n*»« r»pl»e#«l tor CO erata. • : k»-
Abt A«t!«rnatlo Jensen duplicated (Or SldOQ
and 91JBO.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory «
pramlaea. Quick repairing. Phone, Mala IX
642.Market»5t. ihmrumcnts
on Dtp CHROwcii Bmu)tM6. CaTAICGUJ Fr£C.
LADIES'
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR:
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE.
On MONDAY, Januaru 2lst, and continuing all the
halance of this month, we will have our SEMI-ANNUAL
SALE OF LADIES' FINE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. We
will show a veru large varletu of GOWNS, CORSET
COVERS, CHEMISES, SKIRTS AND DRAWERS, all
trimmed with the latest patterns of Emhrolderles and
Laces.* All our Underwear is made from a superior
Quality of CamhPlc and Muslin, Is well made and win
he sold at EXCEEDINGLY L0W.PRICES.
Price $2.50 Each.
-LADIES' DRAWERS, made from extra heavu muslin,
¦ with lawn ruffles, and trimmed with lace Inser-
tion and edging.
Price $1.00 Pair.
flounces and trimmed with. lace 7 inches deep.
Price $1.00 Each.
LADIES' SKIRTS, made with deep lawn flounces,
six rows of tucking and trimmed with flneem-
hroideru 7 Inches In depth. Wh^
Price $LT5 Each.
-LADIES' SKIRTS^ made with deep tucked lawn
of muslin, also cambrlG, yokes trimmed, wim em-
hrolderU) also tucked and hemstitched.
FOUR SPECIMEN VALUES.
LADIES' NIGHT DRESSES, made of a veru fine analltu
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET.
advertisements: