to their doom: they sipped the gre«a
spirits and tbc5r fiarr.r? faculties were
thus spurred to greater d««ds b» the greea
terror. Dut they Invariably paid the us
•jai penalty — dtathln the madhouse or ia
\ v ..(- slums. Another cf its fffects capti
vates novices: taken , In £mall quantities
it has no apparent: effect on the gait of
the drinker; they iiever reel or stagger,
er.d there is no sign about them to fce
tray the fact that they are under the In
fluence of an Intoxicant. Each drinker,
however, can ptand only a certain amount
ni the drug. If he ventures a half-grass
more than this amount the chances are
that be wi:! drop , to the floor a* though
felled by a bludgeon, all. bis faculties par
alyzed and entirely unconscious. He will
remain in this condition/ for hours, and
when h!s t^-r.ses return. -"'he, will feel as
thouph suffering som« agonizing illness.
Franre has just entered upon a nation
al crusade EgaJn* t tiie green terror. No
other country on earth. Is ouch' a victim
to this insidious monster." Imagine a na
tion the elze of France that annually con
r-j.-r.es 10^)50,000 quarts of absinthe. A.
zna.n doea not have to be an Emlle Zola
with a mind to picture the horrors of aJ>
¦ir.tbe drinldar &a set forth in "L'Aaso
r.-iolr" to know what a dreadful situation
this mnzaM U9> It amounts to one quart
mt abetsthe to each three lnh&bit&nts, ln
cindir.r men. women and children. The
reports of the Mlnltter of Flntnoe show
CbAt there to «a ehmnche —tier to •very
• -
three buildings ; Farie, 'That » mean*
nrore absinthe shops ttan there are v.his
ky mills on. our notorious Barbary coast.
Consider; how* much *ni6re, deadly is tr»«
effect of absinthe' than whisky and think
what that means to the French nation.
It means %the near wreck of," the nation
In mind, bo<Jy"and bouI. At least • thatV
what her^ legislators foresee In the start
tins and liorrlble •ituation. They hav*»
grappled with the 'terrifying monster as-,
gresslvely and actively and have just
passed a bill- in vthe' House' of Deputies
forbidding the. manufacture or sale of ab
sinthe, which Is pronounced "dangerous"
by the Academy of Medicine. It is un<|er
stood among the Goverifcient offlclals«Chat
this means that the academy' must now
promptly do, everything possible 'to res
cue France from the eolli of the VGreen
Terror.**
It wu by no ordinary mean*, that
absinthe drinking , was Introduced Into
France. Th« .; «tory .befliM back in
UU. when the 'French * troop* were
fighting la iUs«rla> Th» soldi «r« were
rre&tlr bothered § br>the aemdly 'Xrrl
c*n fevers. The beet preventive * Alt
covered waa abetnthe. At that time the
Freach soldiers had not eren b«*rd of *i>-
ftsth*. and w%«a tn« Aootora orthrrta tnras
to taX* ¦¦ a, \ f »w drops In their J claret ! ttuoh
&mt th«gr fou^bc •toutly «*»Jn»t 'tit* bm4- <
iete«," Wm thoo«1j ft was supposed ti?b«
•flectlT* la : aruarflinf ; off the f •v«r.\- Onul
uaily th*y acquired the uauai- tact* for
'."¦'-'- -¦ .¦', -. /:: ¦' '. ':-¦ - " '¦¦¦¦¦¦¦?=:.;-';-".¦ •} . ¦" : > ' ¦"
SX may be truly said, thai if alco
holismV: is moral decay, {absinth
t . .isnijis its triple distillate; for of all
the : essences br^ liqueurs none are ; so
pernicious, \ botn in J their • moral • and
physical -effects _ upon ; the 'human
economy,- as absinthe.. .
Its ; degenerative effects are"proba
bly most intensely impressed upon
the nervous ' system, a s well evidenced
in twitching : of .^ the * muscles,', the.
"lockjaw" spasms [of "the trunk; legs
and" • These "-' ultimately become
grouped" into ; a": result r which f: very
closely ; re»«n bles , the ; attacks of * epi-*
kpsy^r" "falling sickness.*!
Absinthe, ¦ while" not : truly; (ia\th«
chemical sense) an alcohol' proper, yet
from actual, demont tratioas of its ef
f«ct* upba animal life, hlghtr and
lower, gives results which are closely
allied to these obtained in. the inves
tigations of the effects « of amyllc
alcohol.. Perhaps one cf the most pe
culiar.of these is one not unknown to
chronic absinthites, viz. that which
might be termed divided conscious
ness, where the victim performs some
act'which he " had catsf ully ' planned
some time. previously," and at present
performs, but '. is absolutely , uncon
scious that he is doing so.- It being as
if the* brain had impressed upon tho
body/ something to be done, and then
went asleep. Thebody^ some time
later," machine- like, carries out tha
impress, while th« /patient's mind
talcea no notice of what is being done.
This automatic seanoo is a weird dslu
sion which mxke* ih* Tictiza - a
strange enijjnia to the jurist and to
the psychologist. *
"Absinthe, although mildly named
a benevolent liqueur, is a demon in
disguise, and "its addition to the list
of Intoxicants is ' an act of a moat
criminal character, for it is certainly
cne of. the hideous aids by which
roan's inhumanity to man makss
countless thousands mourn. Icde-d,
surely will the nation or the individ
ual > which becomes sotted and de
based with absinth© realize In their
degeneration that the- bitterness of
"wormwood" is irremedlaJly their
portion. If the salt of poisons is
guarded and restricted, why should
then* deleterious aewnts b* had tot
the tiifiTiyr - ¦
the Insidious stuff and In a year or so they
wete more willing to- give up their allow
ance of .'claret than tfce- "green medicine'.','
When, they returned" to France' they'car
tifd the habit of ''absinthe drinking along
with * them and i quickly spread . it among
their fellowii , in the various, garrisons,
Very soon absinthe, drinking 'became such
nn evil In the army that regulations were
framed entirely forbidding It. lender these
regulations .French soldiers and sailors
who are' caught driVjklng it are severely
punished. v . •;-:...:
Absinthe wa3 discovored and started on
its, carVer as an old woman's remedy j for
fever. ..Like many otherdcadly drugs. : Jt
Is j a wholcpom« specific for. certain . ail-:
ments f when" ¦ ii.v^n ir. t-mperate quantl-
ties, its abuse by Its victims Is what
make* it such a deadly scourge. Its first
makers, according t6 history, were two
.old crones In the Swiss" Mountains. They
gathered and brewed herbs for a precari
ous living and among other discoveries
they •¦ found thaU brewed wormwood was
good for fevers. They gathered the leaves
and flowering tops mixed, them with va
rious other aromatic plants, and pounded
the mass! , Th* bruised particles were af
terward'covered with alcohol and soaked
for eight day3. A green llqUor was- then
distilled/ to- which, a' certain percentage
of anise Feed .oil was, addod. These old
women sold the absinthe, roughly brewed,
to their customers strickpn with' fever.
The patlents'wore solemnly, warned,' how-
- The pijrmy aids made a rush at th»
absinthe victim, his hair rose en end and
with a wl:<1 yeil he ma>"e a leap for tha
window and jumped out.
One story tcld of rne young ab^lr.th*
victim who shot himself in tho i'iwell
strret resort illustrated the kind of hallu
cinations with which ne was constantly
terrorized. He was sitting in hia room
one night when suddenly ha heard tha
sound of apnro.ichtr? rnu3io. Pr>«erjtly
a full bras3 band yof p gmy r:.u _,"ci.i:i »
marched gayly into aio room, ev«»y in
strument blarlnq Its screechy best. Fol
lowing the fcar.ii w.is an open barouche
drawn by four horses beautifully capari
soned. In the vehicle was a little p:gtny.
who alighted, bowed solemnly to tha
dazed absinthe victim and politely an
nounced that there was goir.s to be a
hanging. Several aids stepped forward
and with thair assistance a caiiows wu
erected on the chandelier.
Meanwhile the band had disappeared
As soon as the executioner announced
that the callows was ready, the music
was again heard approaching In the dis
tance. Thl? time the bar.d was playing
a funeral march. It marched, in solemn! v,
followed by two pigmy prisoners heavily
Iror.ed. They were duly and impressively
hanged from the gallows. And asnin tb*
band marched out. The little executioner
bowed cerpmonioualy and solemnly an
nounced that there would be another
hacgir.g. Again tr=e mu^lc was heard ap
proaching In the distance and playing a
dismal fur.era". march. The bard marched
In a5 before, but this time no ->ismy prla
oners !r. chafn? follow u.
-The absinthe victim loeke* around curi
ously and then said: "Who's gains to b»
harped T'
¦ "You," answered the executioner. "Step
forward, pleiise." And the band started
up vigorously, "See, tho Conriuerins Hero
Comes:"
Alfred D. Musset, the famous poet, was
another victim of ;h^" fe!l destroyer. Reg
ularly, night afier ni&nt, he went to the
cafe and consumed .¦lass after s.ass of
the green liquor, whica he frequently sai-l
was dragging him to in early deaih. Fin
ally he succumbed completely to thij
green terror and was often picked up un
conscious on the .streets. 3o the green
terror destroyed one of the greatest poet.3
of France.
In the old Parisian days Tortonfa fam
ous cafe we* the resort of writers and ar
tlsis. who went there before the tlinner
hour to drink their absinthe. For many
years the green li'juor was drawn frora
the same <4 I barrel, which was periodi
cally filled Kvith aosintne brought from
Neufcha:el. Among tne your.R men who
were present every evening in the crowd
were Theodore Harriere. Famous as ha
wis he became one of the most notab'a
victims nt tho sreen terror ana many wer«
uie stories tcld around the cafes of th»
*terr'fylntc dreams antt visions he ha.I.
One night, so it^is related, be was lytr.5
Inbed reatlinj? by iht gas*ight when ha
fancied he tuw a lar^re baboon corns
Loundine , into the* room.- The baboon
looked rarefulb* about, then made a baclc
oomersault and diaappeured through a
wall bf tne room.- r'redjnlly he appeared
cressrd' In evening attire— ailk hat ar<l
monocle — and leatl:ng another baboon at
tlrei! as a danseuse. The first animal
carefully removed his silrf hat and mor
ocle.went to a pipe lying on the tabl»
and began to Craw fruni it a long rope,
with the ulrs and graces of a prestuiiglta
teur. When he had urawn oui some thir
ty feet of rope tne iwj baboons seized tht»
ends and stretched it as a Ugh: rooe ba
tween the sides of the room just abova
Barriert's bed. Then a trumpet blared, a
ehout .went up and the animals from
Noah's ark began to walk through tha
JBldea of the room and across tho tight
rope. Barriere sa'.v coons, monkeys, spar
rows, ca.ts-and dcg3 go over the bendi \g
rope, but when a g^sa-nilc elephant ap
peared and clumsily tool; the first step
over his bed he gave a wild yell of terror,
which brousht in his attendant from. a*»
adjoining room.
Tne recent s-talUtics taken by the Got
eminent cf the nnrnBers of absinthe drink
ers a ad sellers and aJ?a «i the amount of
Via deaoly liquor manufactured hat'9
fr.ghtcRfd the lawnakT.i and a? ! 1-1
France as a naticn is roused. la Jt t#j
late? These v.ho have studied the fate of
China In the grip of th° opium terror
think that it is. They point to the fact
thai statistics! already show that tho
amount of absinthe '•'jnjumerl is tremen
dous ami that not only has It played havoo
among: the worklnc people, -but that tha
nv:st brill ant mir.ri.* of the country, such
as Alfred de Mussel. Guy <i? Maupassant.
'ihetaore iiarriere. An»ire-.v Oil!. Baude
laire, who translated tne. w«jrk3 of Poe
Into French, ami a host of other men of
letters and of genius burned the'.r brains
away with ilt» green (!a:ae and died mis
erable deaths.
U is only within the last half dozen
yrars that the kt;;> of al>s*;tthe on the na
tion haa aroused t'rance, to the reaUzatioa
that 11 i:i in deadly peril. Four years ago
Henri Kocheforc' reco rnized the Insidious
work of the deadly li.;t:or on the Frencn
people and vigorously- started a crusada
against it. This' warning: cry was: "Atv
smthe is the tar.e of tne nation and la
killing France. Reuse up and do battle
flgainst th.a deadly enemy before it la too
late- and we arc lost."
¦
ever, to take only a few drops in watar
three times a -lay. Gradually the remedy
found favor, bin it was not till the 5'renca
soldiers in Algeria discovered its stimu
lating effects thvt its use as s, drink bo
came genetal. That was some fifty years
ago. In that time tho green terror has
overrun the country to which It was in
troduced and tiireatens to demoralize tne
ration..
ITS SaV Frandfffo'ln the. prlp of the
I Grotn Terror* :'-¦•="
Society is nil agnfr over the recent
/ ruu-overy that a. coterie of girls In a
fashionable apt wn boarding school have
h^n cauRii? tir>pling absinthe. The a_h
rlntbp habit has existed for 5on\« time-in
rertala Btr&tas of society, nut this Is the
first Intimation that the insliious grepn
terror is dorn^ralizhig the young. To say
tVirtt society Is shocked Is putting It
mildly.
Every effort hns b<*n made t> hush tM
p andaJ. but it has leaked out. Just ho*
ih. girl? succurnt>ed t? the srwn terror
ls< rot known, t»ut they probably tastM
:t 'Must fcr fun" r.t a mUlnJg^ le&si. It
rich!!arateu th<rm r»nd polished thf!r Bit*.
The next lafk was nnt cnmpleTP without
Bb5im.hr-. Then they found that it stlmu
'r'M their faculties bofnre an "r-x" ami
they covertly partook of !t. In a short
time the green terror bad them recure In
lt!> fanes. s
Now one of the frlri!'. whose nervo-n
fy^tcm has become compV'cly shattered.
Is in a Fjiiiitarlum fightSrp to escape from
th«> destroyiriK pr!p of tne green terror.
Two of the other girl? arc home threat
ened with nervous r^^ation. for th<>:r
rfi--ke<l nerves aro at the mercy of th<*
terrible dreams pictured by their lively
and overwrought imagination?.
This Is not the first time by any means
that society has been shocked by the dis
covery th>-.i the creen terror was Insidi
ously et »ork h«>re. Not two years &*o
the wcekiy paper*, carefully concealing
e:i names.: published the f^ory of a very
•weaJihy J'a'-iSc avenue wonan wbo be
came the victim of abrintbe tippling. One
day sha created a memoraUe scene among
• .i fnghrened guests. Physicians
•¦ •¦ hurr:« -lly ?v:mmnnr»d and she was
carried raving In delirium to her rooms
end later 10 a sanitarium. Another nota
ble recent case is that of the son of n
prominent rni'.iionaire Market street mer
oi.ar.i, who shot himself In a. Powell street*
resort while erased with drink, in the
pr:i> of the green terror.
Opium, morphine and cocaine are no
more !i;s:^ous and deadly In wrecking the
hums: 1 , system than is absinthe. Whisky
and other ppirltous liquors are as mineral
wa-.tr? compared with it. Fancy a. light
preen crink that Is prepared in a score of
tempting- ways, one of which is bound to
tickle the palate of the drinker. To Its de
votee It rapidly becomes the first neces
t;ty of i:fe. To get it they will sacrifice
anything.
For a time Its effects on the novice are
pleasing, alluring and genial. The brain
»nd ;;:! the physical functions are stlmu
lat'-<3 and a dull person tinder its effects
may zeezn almost brilliant. It was thjs
well-known s-i'mulatir.c rffrct that 1'Jred
i ..,. of the- most brOllaiit inlhdVof Paris^
SAN FRANCISCO IN THE
GRIP OF THE
GREEN
TERRORTHE SU2V0AY CALL.
EVERYBODY in Portugal knew that
it? Queen was clever .yid beautiful
i and rhanninc. Tlipy have only now
<3if=covprpd, hoTrrver, that'slr? if the
firft distinguiphed heroine of the. new cen
tury. . -V
It happened at Casoaos.
This is Tort ukp.I's Newport. Ilefp. is a
royni palac* built, a pndare to l>o used in
ri;ffisi('rilr.p, whon Usbon's court circles
prow du3l in the heat of the year. Be
eiure royalty has chosen Cascnes, for Its
Fummer lazinfFs "all fashionable I^sbon
flocUs tn «'a:-caes likewfFe and strclls
upon'itp sands and bathes' in its surf.
Summer lingers in Portugal. Deep into
November iip walks are thronged, ' it3
•water rotted. Df-pp' into November Queen
Am^lif may he Been r at T her dally plunge,
l^a^fng a fashion that others try to copy
an<i in the trying fail. For Queen Amelie
is a swimmer par excellence. If she had
happened to be born in another phase of
life Fhe -would have turned out a prize
diver to r-<? exhibitor. As it is. she swims
for pleasure, not for profit, and an ad
miring crowd always gathers on the
beach when she appears on the porch of
the royal bathhouse. Dozens of field
glasgpg are leveled, at her. for everybody
has heard of the way she swims on her
Fide and the way she floats and the way
Fhe dive s. Tho?" who have heard want to
see, and those who have seen want to see
acain. -" c'^J
"She moves !n water like a cat on dry
land," a traveler says. "She glides and
slides, and you can't. tell exactly how she
movfc?, but she goes surprisingly fast.
"And graceful! There Isn't a fish in the
seven seas that looks more at his case,
out for a stroll In the water. She looks
back and laushs at the court ladles" who
grasp behind her. trying to keep up."
The royal palace at Cascaes, Felix
Trigucro says, is a summer residence on
a large scale. Around it and as near as
Its -royal dignity permits are other sum
mer homes of Portugal's swelldom. For
then there are bathhouses along the
beach. . For the royal family a bathhouse
has bfen built about half a mile out in
the water, and the royal bathers are
row«d back and forth between It and the
beach. ¦ ,
Tliis bathhouse is a little island all by
Its-elf. It stands high upon a foundation
of piles, and is a brightly colored dot on
the big, blue water. The Queen likes
cheerful colors, and she is said to have
ordered the painting of the bathhouse.
Year after year the Queen spends her
ummers at Cascaes, and every summer
day sees her in the water. Her swim
ming is only one of her many accomplish
ments to the world. It does not surprise
her people much, for they expect her to
do something clever. She has always
been doing clever things ever since Don
Carlos brought her home with him to the
Lisbon palace. She capped the climax,
however, when she paved Catalao's life.
It was on a day when she had hesitated
a little about going- to the bathhouse.
"It .looks threatening above," 8 he said,
thinking out loud, as she stood by the
•window. An ugly colored cloud had
sneaked in front of the sun and made the
sky look dreary. ~
"It appears to be much too threatening
for your Majesty to trust herself out
of doors." put in a lady of the court, one
«;ho is always poking in her oar like a
fussy grandmother. That settled it.
"No risk whatever," sa!d the Queen.
"I shall go. Suppose I do get wet. what
rf It? Won't I dry? To be sure I will.
FuppoFe the waves are heavy? What
cf that? All the more fun swimming.* I
shall be able to keep my head, above the
vater. never fear. And all the ladies will
try to keep up,' and they will bo slapped
In the face by the rough waves and they
•will have to go back to the bathhouse.
Won't you. ladles?" she cried tauntingly,
and 'off she -went with a laugh and gave
her maid orders to make her ready.
The maid was Immensely pleased,
though she had to look like a 'sphinx."*
Ebe liked her tall, bright-eyed Queen, and
what she especially llk^d was her spirit
At social functions she is, th« life of the
company. In her hbm"; lifp Bhn is a ruler
without need of title. IhtMftr" sports «h9
i:« fearless. Np wonder her maid adores
her. " * . "'¦ - ' - .';•'.;
By the time tho: royal rowboat; pushed
away from shore theugjy little cloud had
slipped 'away from the ; sun and the
weather looked more' hopeful. The fussy
court lady- was '.dit-appolh ted because. .it
looked as if she '. would have- no : chance
to thin-f, "I. told you : sn."- This is thg
most satisfaction that: a court lady can;
get out of being in the right She would
never dare say so. .'* -
Jose Catalao wae thefinan,who rowed
her out to the bathing place.' lie always
is the man. He has been employed us
the Queen's boatman. for a long. time, for
lie is trustworthy and the Quefen is loyal
to any servant who is loynl- tr) her. ' So
while Catalao is a good and willing boat-
inan.hr knows that np. man can take his
place. He was pretty sure of this before,
much surer now since the; famous rescue.
Jose has. a family living, in 'Caseaes.
They are poor, but what they, have from
his income is sure. -'During the -season
when royalty shines * in the Ushnn pal
ace Jose picks up all ; sort3 of jobs about*
town and his wife takes in washing some
times. The whole family are - so ¦ p» oud -
ot having Jose work for the Queen that
once'hiiJ wife refused a high-priced wash
ing . from one of her neighbors ; because
the neighbor's husband merely owned a
boathouse on the beach— one which roy
alty did not patronize, although the boat
man's income was three times as large
as Jose's.
Before Jose. pushed off on the day of
the. accident 'he remarked i that there
would' be a rough sea 'soon.' •
"The cloud has passed," *aid the Queen.
"Yes, H'our Majesty; but: the^ water
grows dark and there are flecks, of 'foam
on the waves." : . .
"Are you afraid, Jose?" questioned the
Queen ln.her most withering .inflection./'
But Jose knew his sovereign too well. to
be withered. He ywas only.dclighted'at
the implication j that sho was not afraid.
He tried to'aecept the reproof with -/ a
properly humble bow, but a twinkle of en-
joyment would Bteal into his eyes,' despite
his efforts, and the dimple next: to the
corner of his ! mouth would show. - . Some
how the -Queen cauRht his eye and they
both laughed together. -~\
- She is itlways doing this kind of.thlng,
and a fevwho had loved the. older. Queen,
to. the disadvantage. of the; younger, have
said at times that she lacked dignity, -it
U certain that she possesses a sense of
humor. • . _ -7
"If you're mot afraid, I'm not, Jose,"
said she. * , ¦ ••
He . wu . charnied. He "dipped l his ' bars *
In and pulled on them, in big. stronjf tugs.
Cor the Water resisted ! heavily." ' *'O
!?f^HflHHH0Bt3B£illi^H
The Queen was in glorious spirits.' She
liked the way the boat '--J rocked : and the
boatman pulled.- " - When shft got on her
bathing suit she, ran laughing 'out upon
the veranda and called to all who darcd'to
_ follow her. Tho ladies- dipped squeamish
ly into the.w.aves. . Some struck out, but
all gave up after a few strokes.
Never had Amelie --swum so daringly.
She was more Iove.lv. in the water than
ever before. ' She' frolicked* like a dolphin,
laughed in. the-facje' qf»*cvery wave that
grew, bold and kefit sufficient .breath to
shout mockingly to' her timid followers. -
So for a splendid 'half; hour she played
and did' not notice that the rv.ere
heavier. ¦ .
'-'It's getting, cold,*' 'she cried at last,
feeling a sudden chill of incoming water.
-' She swam relucta'ntfy backto the hou.<e.
Catalao was anxiously, watching sky and
water.
"J6se is still fearful," she said with a
taunting little shrug as she passed into
her apartments.
When - she came out she was dressed
warmly, even heavily.; Sliehadan extra
wrap about her shoulders;. for the air had
turned gharply; cold> • The weight of her
dressing. had its significance later on.
* The'row back- to. the beach was a fight
— thVoars agalnstthe waves. The strut?
,gle' was hard/ Queen Amelie watched
contentedly. . She likes . stormy weather
almost'. as well 'as bright :.. not* that - ; she
enjoys melancholy, but she throws ' her
own sunshine 'over the grayest . kind of a >
day.* and_she' rather enjoys'seelng'that the
globmiesFklnd of a croaker, cannot; resist
hpf. 5 . She .: cuddled farther down in . her
wraps and watched the '.muscles; shift "in-'
Jose's. bigr'arms. \- t ; : -i -- --.'.. -y" '• ; :
.It isonly half a mile back to thebeach,
but evenvln 1 the short time of; rowing a
great change was -noticed in ; the waves. , -
- It was; not until the boat \ was within'; a
few \ yards of ,' ehore | that - a wave . proved
too much for, it. They saw the great white
topped : thins coming '.toward 'them,* but
they never doubted the. Httie. boat's trujt-;
worthiness. came, darVand i heavy!
it[ growled - sulkily. Then, it ', struck and
there was a crash.: ' ".."-'"/¦:''." " r
For an instant nobody was conaclouaof 11
she, Would ha v» fainted promptly, the res
cue' to«ingf ' achieved. "But Queen Amelia
did n6 such thing. t
.', -"res.I'nia lUtle ? <5amp." she said, "but
that doean't^matttr; - I haven't time to
think about that until >i ie«e "that this poor
'man is taken caffe of. .You See hts leg is
broken',^ that 1.1a': plain." - ie why he
could not eave himself/-! He- mint be taken
to the hospital at once.'.'.' '¦
And having personally^ attended t6 his
installment, in the CaScaes Hospital she
changed her clothes. v
Her glory at. this point had reach«d,'tts
,climax,^nd;if glory WftSjftir that "Amell*
'wanted she mrfpht hr.ve forgotten Catalno
then and there. The .newspapers of Por
tugal . would ¦' have printed , just as big
headllneM and her friends , would have
pushed just as much. .
,.Butshe had not finished- her work. She
knew 'thaLCatalao's, wages were the sup
ports of 'his family. >S,he -saw. to It that
they/received the full amount : and will
continue doing so until he Is able to earn
them ajjain. . \\;
When he recovered enough to be, moved
she had him brought to the palace," "where
he could be better taken care of. He Is
fairly purring now in the midst of - jellies
anrt soups and wines.- SlSS
If! this were a fairy Itory It would have
been the humble boatman who • rescued
the Queen and was presented .with a pal
ace in return/ .Thlft 18 ' not a fairy story. v
4! ,The!only "building at Spitzbcrgen- is a
tourists' hut About 500 mlle3 from civillza-"
't!(Jrii'" r v il .\ !..'¦•¦¦" ¦"?-.- r.:A~: .':'.'.' '¦ ¦', \
In cor.seQUehce : of th«, increasing cost
of Holland oysters American oysters are
coming more and more Into yogus in 'Ger
many. ' •" '¦ ' ' . .:,"-/' '¦ ¦ '
anything except .big , noises arid much
water and then ' being < flung about and
hurled against hard things. The boat had
been overturned! l "-"¦¦' V< ' , •
Queen Amelle' recovered -her. self-pos
session.; She struggjed*a moment before
she could .strike .out.' for her, cloak bourid
her. Sh»> tried , to ; throw it off, but it
clung 1 . Then,, seeing r that .she coukl not
rid herself of it. she flung her. arms out
free and swam toward 1 the beach;- >
Suddenly she • heard shouts behind her.
"Help! 1 'She knew the voice of her loyal
boatman, calling to pe'opie on the beach.
Hertirst. thought , was" that he called, for
her,, which .was. indeed: true. But as-tlie
cries grew more despairing she turned th
call back proudly' that she did not riecd
help. -In turning she saw* that- Josq /did
not follow.' * . .',.,,-¦
He, was clinging to the 'boat. As she
looked his hold loosened^ and she saw him
dragged down by tne Undertow. \ '
• Queen Amelije never V h«?«itflted.- ¦ "He
has been faithful to rceY I will be faithful
to him," was what she would i have said
If - she ; had ¦ spoken. ;- She f , made one : more
futile; attempt* to fllhg 6ff hcivfcloakr then
she swam back toward the drowning 1 man.
- People . on rihore'./were '.watching breath
lessly. It allhappenedBo quickly 'th^t rib
one- could- interfere. '.'< Help , came running
down to the beach, but ; When f they : got
there the Queen' waS far out; in "the' Water.
"The ronlookers ;sawjher7ip^ar?ahd dis
appear.; Then;she came swTnVrnlng toward
them: One of the royal handa; was under,
the boatman's": chin.' The* other/was strik
ing desperately foreshore. . ' ;; \ .
Not a person aided in the . rescue. V; She
had k Jose Catalao - back . upon ¦ the - beach
before) any. one^ was able to give. help. '
If ' any other \! woman- had done the ; thing
HOW THE QUEEN OF PORTUGAL SAVED
THE LIFE
OF HER
BOAT
MAN
2r - KsV&i - • ¦ ¦...',,¦..
Around the Tree in a Rush With the Bear In Close "Pursiiitand the. Dog After the Bear.
to the trap had caught between the two.
and so h!d progress had been impeded.
Grizzly did not intend to be caught nap
ping that way. and so had jnuiv/ed one
tree down and linding that he was not
much bettor off. proceeded to do likewise
with the other.
The tracks were so fresh that we were
greatly encouraged, and rushed on with
increased vigor. Presently the dogs set
up a "Yap, yap!" and simply, flew over
the ground with an exceed crowd at their
heels. When we reached the top of -the
hill there was Mr. Grizzly hard at work,
lie apparently found the tree that he was
dragging rather in the way, and so de
tt-rmiiied to. rid himself of a nuisance. -
When he heard the dogs he gave a few
frantic chews, and then rushed down the
hill at full speed, leaving the tree behind
him. But as he ran the sharp end of the
trap gouged his sides at each step, and
he left a bloody trail behind him.
He took to the brush, and it was al-
most Impossible to follow through the
tangle of briar and overgrown trees. But
for the trail we would have been baffled
again. After a day's hard tramping, the
loss of a dog or two and a lively skir
mish, the bear was finally killed, and we
went home tired but joyful.
scarcely see.
All the time 1 was pumping cartridges
Into the air as fast as I could, trusting to
luck to hit -her. Xow and then she would
turn round and give the dog a slap for
hanging on to her heels, but the chase
was a merry one. In the course of tha
merry-go-round the dog gava a howl and
I saw the two animals go down in a heap
That was my opportunity and it didn't
take me long to take advantage of it.
EDW. DONAHOE
HAD FUN WITH
A GRIZZLY
THE best bear hunt that 1 have ever
participated in took place In the
northern nart of Sisklyou County.
Thfre ver«? two grizzlies that caused
the farmers a treat deal of trouble and
succeeded in petting away with the be?t
beef in the whole country. After many
unsuccessful attempts to kill them ths
valley put its heads together and made a
jilan tu catch Messrs. Grizzly.
One of them was killed by a half-breei
and the other took many of us on a Ion-?
chase. We selected a place that was fre
quented by hi-? royal highness and put a
trap under the water In such a fashion
that It could not be seen. To one end
of it we fastened a tre* about twenty
feet long, and a good heavy one at that.
Immediately over the whole affair v.-e
placed a tempting p!ece of meat, and then
wont home well pleased with our day'.s
v.ork.
The next morning bright and rarly v:c
were all out well armed and with every
available dos in the territory. When wo
reached the place where wp h:n;l placed
the l>ait It was plain to be t-cc-n that our
friend had been there before us. Trap.
bait and bear were all gone, but a heavy
cut showed us his :euie.
We thought he couldn't possibly go
over a few miles, but we found out to our
sorrow that few thiriRs will stop a griz
zly when he has made up his mind to take
a trip.
On and on we wont, until we reached a
place where two fallen trees attracted our
attention. From appearances we knew
that the bear tried to get between them,
end that the clog that was fastened
W. L. PRATHER
TELLS QUITE A
GOOD ONE.
- t? HAVE heard dozens of good bear
stories that discount mine all to pieces.
][ but I will tell you what I consider my
most exciting experience.
It happened about s»x years ago. when
I was hunting . in the northern part of
this State. One day I took a young dog
out, thinking that I would see if he could
do anything. We loitered along through
the woods and as there didn't seem to be
ar.y game about I decided to go home.
Just about that t!nic the dog commenced
to bay and started tor a small tree only
a few yards away. I couldn't see a thing,
ond after calling him several times gava
him a good thrashing for being so per
sistent. But it didn't seem to take tha
idea out of his heaJ and he kept jumping
around like a crazy creature.
I wondered if thi-re was anything up
there and commenced to poke a piece oC
mistletoe. A queer noise rewarded ma
and I found a cub hidden m the branches.
It Jook but a few minutes to finish him.
and Iras ttlclng ray time, when I heard
a noise behind me th^t caused mo to turn
about in a Hurry.
The old bear was coming at a furious
rate. It was too late for me to aim at
her. so I went around the tree In a ruah
with the bear In close pursuit and the
dog after the beax. We made a rapl.l
trio. I have often laugued at the pictura
we must have- presented. Round an-1
round we flew until tha dirt went In all
directions and I was sa dizzy that I could
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Jlr. Grizzly Apparently Found. the Tree That He Was Dragging Rather In the Way.'
The Bear W23 Very Lean;
&r. Chismore CfiVes One Vhai J4e J4eard,
DR. CHISMORE says that In all his
years of bear hunting he-has had
practically no thrilling adventurer.
While he gave up counting tl*e
bears that he killed years ago, he simply
Koea out -now and kills them with ;t no
ado. fc
However, he told a very clever story of
old Seth Kinman. the pioneer hunter i of
% Humboldt County, which, he says. 13 one
of the best bear stories he has ever heard.
Seth' was the famous hunter who sent so
many. chairs made of elk horns to a num
ber of the Presidents of the United States.
This Is the -story as ho related It to Dr.
chismore.
"You fellers ' talkln', about bars Jeat
makes . me . think of a racket I . onct was
mixed up In with an olecrittur that had
grown gray, ramblin'- over the mountains
and hunting berries to knep.fat.
"B'ar River runs west along the sea fori
I reckon. Jest about twenty-flve miles, and
•Elk River runs parylel to.lt.
"That's whar we used to hunt, as a
gineral rule.
"The elk came out o' the green timbers
every . mornin' ; and; evenln', v and >; thar. , we
used to lay fer, 'em and ketch 'em.to.JWa
-killed nigh unto 300 dtween us in one year.
"Well, one arternoon we had Just.mauc
a camp; when one o* the -Injuns that «a
had' fetched along to.pack, sezr 'Sei^ that
bar.' j >'
, "Right below us on the peralrie about
400 yards off "thar. war a, big grizzly . a
ncratchinVfer mice.;-* He war throwin' out
the dirt likeTa- dog a-diggin" fer a wood
chuck; and ; he war half J covered with dirt*
when VI-' seed him.:- -,: / ¦; .:
:*¦ "The Injuns were powerful crazy, to bor
rer our, 'guns, to shoot-him," and my pard;
was as anxious to let .'em have ¦ 'em • as
they ¦ was t to get <i hold {of: 'em.' I glvelln,
although': I diSn't precisely ; like ' the i idea'
of makin' a - racket so nigh : nightfall fer
fear o 1 scaring < all ' the; elk away, v but he \
said, we'd see'some fun, : 'so-I give In.
"Wewatched. them Injuns as they start
ed off. t.They war plum np.cked to a-breech-
clout; .anVf got within I fifteen ; or '¦ twenty
feet o' old - grizzly i ; before I flrln'. . Then; I'll'
be; gosh darned if both of 'em didn't turn;
loose at'onct.
."One - hit t him through; the ; flesh and "
t'other, ripped him down belly, cuttln'
a gaehl'bout eight -inches; long. ¦ ',
•'A^ \ that - war * the V first r the " old . stag'er ,,
kno wed - o'-t it,-" you ; jest : oughter ? seed ' the 'I
dirt fly.' -Went : in ; every, direction ' at i onct. %
He came out o' the hole and in two jumos
had one of them' Injuns.. '
"The : Injun "war an ole hand'atftghtin'
himself, an' he war game, all right. .He
dropped flat on ; his belly Jest : as the b'ar
got up to him, and thar he laid; and nev
er , moved. - Ole Ephraim ' grabbed him by
the .biggest part of his ;body .and shook
him like^a dog would a skunk.'
.'"Golly, but r l eeed daylight atween that
Injun .and. the groun' lots o' times.
/'I noticed- that- the ;- b'ar would walk
away : a f e w, feet from • the poor Injun, and
then stop -and .'go 'back and. bite,-- scratch,
gnaw ;an'i"shake the feller. r ag'ln and ag'ln.
::"l ' diuh't ' know/-. what ; . ter : make v of ' It,
as ! If had never seed ¦ a ny f oolin' ' like > that
before 1 , an' as soon' as I got the 'gun load
ed- I'went down * to -within" twenty r feet' of
him ' and . nhot ' him in ; the • butt : of the ; ear.
He Jest; fell In a' heap and ¦ straightened
out.;- As '.Boon' as.lv.seed; that 'the Injun
wasn't ¦ dead but was ; jest : shooked up,- I
went up' to i Bee ' what-ma.de that ] b'ar. act
so ' queer, i '*%tJB&8&&BF&H0&R
; ..''One/of-them balls from* the;* Injun's
gun ¦ had cut a ';• long /gash* In ; the • b'nr's
belly, ; and -when, he would ¦¦walk 'away the
pain ;. would •-' make ! him 1 ' sit \ : down on ' ; hl3
haunches. Then when ¦ he "j would seejthe
big , hole/ he ' would get so} crazy . mad ; that
tie ;would go back "and : begin 'all over,, with*
the; redskin.' \v He didn't' know' jest .what to
do^with; himself/ \\.\ ,./.v;.-;Vi'-,'V-."-.V ',':,:
¦ "Seeni* kinder queer. ; but it'» a fact"
£>r; &. q.McConneU Cfelis an Odd One.
*jr=5\ R- E. G. McCONNELL te!l3 a good
II l) " tory tn 'at a hunter told him a
V=z&' -lew years w ago when they/ were
.scouring the sides of Shasta.
One cold day only the most enthusi
astic member of the party started out
for a tramp. ' He ' took the dogs and car
ried enough provisions to last over night.
In case he should' be caught out. u When
he showed up In camp ait last he told them
this story: " 1
V/'lVas entering a ravine when I sud
denly, spied ' a* cliff of rocks.; ; It
surprised' me, "• as 'I thought I knew .the
country fairly* well. as I looked the
rocks moved and I saw that my cliff was
a huge grizzly bear."
. l'I fired just as fast as I could, and then
that animal did a queer thin?— it cut loose
and ran. * It was so large and ran with 4o
much ; yeloclty a that It set the woods ail
about • on ' fire. Didn't : you ' notice it?
"I couldn't follow him after dark,- but
the next' morning * I ; set ' the dogs on the
trail ; and followed him. . EventuaJly" I
killed rilin.; It:/was about noon, and I aet
to work to skin him. All afternoon I
\ - ¦ • . ¦•¦¦-. * ¦ ¦ *
worked on his hide and camped there at
night. The next day I started it again,
and worked until nightfall. After that It
was Impossible to work on him any mora
as the odor was entirely too offenslva.
After all . that time I had succeeded. Jn,
getting only about half of his skin off,
so you can Imagine what a big fellow ha
was. .Why, if I had wanted to save tho
oil- I' should have been obliged to plpo
It over the mountain."
• . ¦ ? »
"I'm afraid me daughter Moya is get
tin* 'so- she stutters." said Mr. Dolan.
"She do be recitin* too much Latin an*
geomethry at the high school."
/'Whin did yez notice it first?" inquired
Mr. Rafferty. .:3£fl|
"This mornin', when she got a letter, I
Interrogated her concernin* It, an' sho
said something about 'Billy Doo.* I know
betther. It wor 'Bill Dooley.' "—Wash
ington Star.
"It takes four persona a whole year to
make a high-grade cashmere shawL"
' "That's . all - right; my wife bought on»
and it took me four years to pay lor It."
—Detroit Frea Press.
HENRY E. HIGHTON HAD A RATHER
DRAMATIC EXPERIENCE ONCE.
T? N fifty years I have met with but few
dramatic experiences in the woods. I
ii have listened to many bear stories in
front of camp fires, but most of thorn
easily surpassed any dangers or embar
rappmerits I have ever encountered.
I remember but one incident in my hunt
ing that is worth recalling, and that is
trifiirg compared to the reminiscences of
others. About thirty-two years ago I was
after deer at a point nearly sixty miles
nnrthwcFt from Lakeport. I carried a
Spencer rifle, which held seven cartridges
when the macarine was full.
My companion was an old Rooky Moun
tain tra;jj>er of unquestionable courage
and experience. About sundown. I skirted
the he*6 of a canyon $ill«';d with email
trees and brush, near the top of a ridge.
1 had but one cartridge left In my gun.
Suddenly, at a distance of about forty
yard?, a grizzly emerged from the brush
and confronted me.
It was in the month of June and the
bear v.as very lean. and. in places, the
hair was rubbed off from his hide. He
weighed then. I should Judge, about 600
iwur.ds, but if Jt had been October cr No
vpmber, after the mast had fallen, his
weight would have been probably double.
When I first saw him he was feeing mr-,
and without time to reflect I fired my last
cartridge at him and struck him In the
mus-iles of the breast. He bawled and
xnaae straight for me. ' .*•"£¦¦
My*comnanion, who had a good muzzle
leader, ran away, and from that day to
this I have never seen him. My opinion
is that he was stampeded, as I have seen
cattle and buffaloes stampeded on tho
plains, and that when he reached the
camp he was so ashamed of his desertion
that he did not like to meet me. At any
rate, when I got there he was gone an<l
had taken his horse and h!s blankets whh
him.
To return to the bear. Of course, I had
to stand my ground, although, if the op
portunity had been given me. I could have
made fa.st time.
Fortunately, in the hip pocket of my
hunting trousers I had a Colt's navy re
volver, and when he was within eight or
ten feet of me 1 Hred directly inhis face
without really taking aim. The ball hap
pened to strike him in the left eye an 1
penetrated his brain. He dropped almost
at my feet and I cut off his claws and
tail and left with gratitude in my heart
for so lucky an escape.
This is the only bear story I know.
¦ » « .
"Professor, how did you come to ' pro
pose to me In the face of my continued
indifference?"
"I proceeded on the general proposition
that whatever a woman seems to be she
isn't."— Chicago Record.
.7 ¦ m ¦
Tess— She's awful nervous, Isn't she?
Jess— My goodness, yes. She has no
nerves at all.— Philadelphia Press.
3
MY MOST THRILLING BEAR STORY"Love of Comrades," by Frank Mathew,
Is a pretty Jlttle tale reci.ting the adven
tures of Miss Margery Taiboti In the year
3(540. Lord Straff ord figures in the story,
but not to an extent sufficient to warrant
the term "historical novel," which has
come to be Ttgarded rather, with disfav.br
"by a =number ¦ of fiction- lovers.* whose
tastes in that line have ;• been satiated by
great number of works of this charac-'
tor which of late have been flooding tho
market.
Miss. Margery Is really a notable young
lady for' any .period! of the world's, his
tory, and as a young lady of quality and
of but 16-ycars; performs acts '.certainly
; remarkable,' to say the least. -In fact, the
; reader's credulity, is apt to be' so strained
that finally he - will stop V weighing < the
chances of -probability In his mind;ana
; give himself up wholly to believeall that
the author tells , him without I question. ; ¦
In .order to carry. a.mes?age of -impor
tance which has already caused the death
of her. brother, who endeavored to ,exe-
Icute the commission, Miss, Margery 'dons
the ' say ' garb '; of a.~ cavalier. -- Fitted V out
-with hword * and a knowledge of ; fence
learned .from .a ..male) cousin,; she
forth on her, perilous". task and encounters
more • adventures :, to .the :page.- than ", any
; other. heroine whom "It has; ever been cur
pleasure • to ¦ meet. ' One ; ' excitement ' is
hardly: over ; ere another-iS' well fon 'its^
heel^, and the reader. will find that he has
¦ all -that The' can, do ; to . keep: the different
' points In ; mrnd without 1 caviling at Baron
¦Munchaufcen; effects. v^^g^^jgggSPKB
,'tMLss-Taibot hides her identity well, but
Love of Comrades.
the preatpr part the collection is made
up of sketches,- poems and short prose.;
which have no connectloh.' but. range from
one topic ; to another, with tlie proverbial :
latitude. of«daily; newspaper.- matter. , VA =
reader : by turning the pages "can find -for
¦every day and moment i Komethlns' just
puited to his: mood. It would be a mis
take to commence at page 1 'of volume I
and rrad conscientiously through to tho
last page of volume II: dip Into. the books
as your, humor dictatpa, and -you have
many a brigrht hour : In , store' for you.
(Published by Charles Scribner'n Sons,
New York. In two volumes, price. J2 50.) '
Th» B*rnbardt mjcaKeTnent has brought out
nil lh« French scholars In Chicago. ' Never b<«- '
fore hud : w* - sttupected ;- that : th«>r** were m
many able linguist* In the midst of _iw. G*n
f-ral Stilus, JJ*j havft, joet discovered, . speaks
French Ilk* • native of Paris (Vermilion Coun
ty). Ho attended the "Froufrou" . perform
ance last evenlnr with hl« fritnd Jnipp
PrendergRSt. "Hie Jurtg* Is a proficient Greek
and Latin scholar, but he knows! little of
French, his , vocabulary boln* limited to «uch
phrateR a« "fo |iar." "liaison." "kelky Phoze"
and "oily bonnur," so General Stiles had to
explain the play to him as it progressed last
eve.nln#r. . ' : , ¦ ' .. ''. i'. r . \ '-ii-'V^
. "Noxv what Is Fhe savins?" the JuiJge would
ask.
"She eaid, 'Good evening' " the general
would answer. . 2
"Does* 'Burnt swor' .'mean 'Good evening'?"
the Judge would inquire.
. "Yes." .'¦;;:¦ t ¦ ... . ' / VV';/
"Oh, what rot!", the Judge would ex
claim, and then a dude ueher in one' of WIN ,
loughby & Hill's 119 dress suits would teeter
down the aisle, and warn the gentlemen not
to .whisper so. loud: •¦ - < ; ; "•
Presently " Colonel William ' Penn » Nl«on, tho
gifted editor, of the -: Inter Ocean, came along
and slipped into the seat*, next' to General
Stiles. He" had- an opera-glass/ and i ho^lev-^
eled It at once at Bcrnhardt's red hair. % :
"Do you epcak French?',' ;, asked; General
Stiles, in the confidential tone of a member
of the Citizens' Committee. . ._'.
"Oony poo,'.' said Colonel Xlxon, guard
edly.
• "Vooley-voo v donnymoy voter >ver ' de'
lopera?" asked, tha general, motioning toward .
the opera -glass. • , ' . . ¦ . ,'.;, •
"Se« nay perzoon - ver de lopera," . protested
the colonel. "Say -lay . zboomels." ¦ •
"Mongr doo! •. What -do I' want of zhoomels?"
cried General Stiles. "Zhoomels is twins.*', -r.
, "Parbloo!" v nald ; Colonel Nixon. - "it is not
. 'twine; it 1b opera-glaiBea."
'.'You're air wrong:,'. William.'.', urged the g*n
. «ral. ; . "Th« j French Idiom ¦ is ' 'the s glass - of the
. opera," Ver " la 'glass,* ' and de ? I' opera? 1st 'of:
the c^eral' " .
; "I hav§ heard them 'called lornyets,'.' sujc
«ested Judx* - Prsnd«rxast. . In '. the - deferential '
MISS MTUTCCNt W. SHYNN-
ISS MILICENT WASHBUKN
//Y(\ SHINN has written in "The
11 lti> V Biograph of a Baby", a book
that will interest both the scientific
investigator of the dawning of intel
ligence in a child nnd the larger circle
of untrained observers whoss study
of the doings of children is guided
by the loving sympathy which shows
itself ns instinctive wisdom. The
"Biogrophy"i3 the history of the first
year of the life of the author's niecs.
It notes in a scientific wny the signifi
cance of the repetition in each normal
child of the gradual unfolding of in
telligence which has difEerentiatsd
man from tho brute. Miss Shinn ts
fortunate in her treatment of her sub-
jtct, for she shows not only the
trained ability of the scholar, but al
sc the sympathetic insight into the
problems of human nature when re
duced* to their simplest form, which
•will makaihsr jvork interesting for
one who is neither a spicial investi
gator, nor admiring friend of babies.
Miss Shinn is a graduate ol the
Universityof California, and was the
first woman to rec'ive from' th«?re the
degree of doctor of philosophy. It is
from her connection -with the Over
land Monthly that Miss Shinn is best
known, for she was its editor; during
"some of the .bsst years of/its exist
ence. (Published by Houghton, Miff
lin & Co.. Boston. Price $1 50.)
not p!ck out for , itself and describe" In
detail to Its friend. HIp description of a
lJ<?rnh«rdt«n'en!ng.ts very enjoyable, and
as Mmc Bernhardt is soon to bo among
us It may be well'for us to s«elze the,op
portunity and "brush up'.'a little also:; -,
been somewhat simplified from the orig
inal. English sentences to be turned Into
Greek and designed to enrry the pupil
through a complete course of grammatical
training are included, together with notes
giving all needful help to the student.
(Published by the American Book Com
pany, New York. Price 73 cents.)
College Entrance Beqnirein?nts.
From the well-known eclectic English
classics. there have b*»en collected Burkea
"Conciliation With the American Cnin.
nles." Shakespeare's "Macbeth." Milton's
"Minor Poems." Macaulay's "Addlson"'
and Macaulay'3 "Milton." These consti
tute-the college entrance requirements Irj
English for study and practice. 190t-13n:,.
and have been bound together for th«
convenience of students who are prepar^By
ing themselves for these examinations.
(Published by the American Book Com
pany, New York. Price . $1.)
Literary Notes.
In a recent Interview Mrs. Florence
Finch Kelly, who wrote "With Hoops of
Steel." Is reported to have said that at
least two of the "three tall Texans" who
dash with such vigor through the paeea
of h^r latest story were drawn from life,
and she added: "They are Just as handy
with a rifle, in fact", as they are In fic
tion." . . v.
The story of "Mrs. Clyde." which D.
Appleton ft Co. will publish, next week,
is said to be founded on certain facts in
the career of a distinguished woman who
was equally well known In Boston. In New
York, In Philadelphia and on the Conti
nent. It is brilliantly written and pivos
authentic pictures of society In Its high
est grades. Soclf-ty will soon be occupied
In guessing who Mrs. Clyde was.
Several newspapers have recently at
tributed to Mr. Gribayedoff the vignette
portraits which- adorn the seven volumes
of the "Cyclopedia of American' Blogra
phy," published by D. Appleton & Co.
Mr. Gribayedoff made several of the full
page portraits, but It is only fair to make
public that all of the hundreds of vignette
illustrations were engraved by Jacques
Reich.
A notable series of articles covering the
eallent features of that trying epoch— the
reconstruction period— begins In the Jan
uary Atlantic. The authors are men of
national reputation, and although repre
penting various parties and actions, hav«
written in a spirit cf genuine patriotism.
Their review of tho reconstruction policy
and their judgment upon the vexed ques
tion of Its success are full of Interest to
every American.
Without Question tho main feature of
the current number of the Critic 13 S!r
George Murray Smith's* recollections. "In
the Early Forties." which contain tide
lights upon such figures us R. IT. ¦ Horn**.
Leigh Hunt, and chiefly Charlotte Bronte
and her sisters. Miss Bronte's flr3t vistt
to London, the disclosure of her identity
and her relations with Thackeray and
other literary men of the day furnish S!r
George with material for several piquant
stories, observations and episodes.
Mrs. Gilbert, who Is SO year* of ag».
and now acting with the Lyceum Com
pany, begins her "Stage Reminiscences"
In the February number of Scribner's.
These are set down just as she told them
to her friend. Mrs. Charlotte M. Martin,
and reveal all the vivacity, humor and
kindliness which peqple have so long: asso
ciated with that actress. Th« first chap
ter has to do principally with Mrs. Gil
bert's early life In America, la pioneer
theaters of Western cities.
The Poultry and Belgian Hare Stand
ard, published In Kansas City. 13 to tha
fore with the r.ew century. Poultrymen
and Belgian hare raisers will find much of
Interest in the January number, for the
greater part of the matter published
comes first hand from some of the most
ncted breeders in the country and con
tains excerpts of their' actual experience
In breeding the Belgian. The magazlna
is not limited to pen and Ink sketches of
the unsatisfactory sort, but contains half
tone reproductions of some- of the finest
Individual specimens.
In Camera Craft for January there ar*»
some hints for amateurs, which •will
doubtless find an appreciate audience, and
also some formulas given by "the Demon
strator" of use to the professlr.ial as well
as the experimenter. The excellent half
tone -work and fine paper a.nd brlnttns of
this magazine cannot be too Highly com
mended. Some of the reproductions In
the current number are well \ worth tha
trouble of mounting: on approprtat* mats
and even pood enough to put under glass.
Amhsret Webber Is the author of a
bright and entertaining: article In tha
January number of the North American
Review on "Some Interpreters of Wag
ner." Mr. Webber relates a number of
very interesting anecdotes and rexninls
cence-j of Wagner himself, and of some oC
the leading: artists who have sung to tht»
public the music of the great master— tho
De Resrke brothers. Lllll Lehmann. Maria
"Brema. Van Rooy and others. H« con
trasts .the method of presentation of tho
Wasnerian operas at Bayreuth and on,
other stages, and gives an account of tha
exacting work required by Jtme. Wagner
from those who aspire to take part In tho
Bayreuth performances. Of one of tho
advantages of the Bayreuth Theater ho
ears'-
. "Bayreuth Is the last place to go to for
the Ideal artist; and yet, though the Bay
reuth performances arc far from perfect,
those given elsewhere are alway3 some
thing: of 9. compromise In comparison. For.
in .the Bayreuth Theater, the slnger'3
chief : difficulty was solved by Warner
himself. By sinking: the orchestra In a
pit he made It possible for the- slnxer to
¦whisper If he wants to (and that is not
too often), and yet be heard above tho
orchestra. The effect, of this device la
astounding; the orchestration of Tristan.'
which elsewhere may seem an unwieldy
mass of sound that forces the singer to
t-hout or stand agape. Is at Bayreuth a
fine lacework accompaniment, full of won
derful detail and capable of the minutest
shades, it seems to be the most difficult
cf a conductor's many difficult duties to
obtain a real piano from a full Wagnerlan
orchestra; for It Is not until ©very mem
ber of the band has cot 'his part thor
oughly Into his head and on his fingers or
lips, as the case may be, that anything
approaching a. piano is to be hoped for.
In Tristan.' which Is very fully scored,
there are passages In which It Is well nigh
Impossible not to cover the voice. . How
seldom, outside Bayreuth, does Isolde
succeed 1<. making herself heard all
through the tJecestodl"
Books Eeceived.
DERELICTS OF DESTIXY— By Batter
man Lindsay. The Neely Comoanr Xew
York.
DEEDS OF VALOR-Compiled by Wal
ter F. Beyer and Oscar F. KeydeL Tha
Perrien-Keydel Publishing Co.. Detroit.
Part No. 1, 25 cents.
THE NEW ENGLAND PRIMER—
Twentieth Century Reprint. Ginn & Ox,
. In the "Story of Cyrus." adapted from
Xenophon's Cvropaedia by. Clarence W
Gleason. A. M.. and which has Just been
published, teachers will find a book which
will solve one of the greatest difficulties
which presents Itself. It furnishes an in
teresting and at the same time Instructive
text for use during the last half, of the
first year of Greek and the beginning of
the second. It will supplement the work
In the beginner's book and will fill happily
the Interval between that and the ' "Ana
basis" or the "Cyropaedla." 1 The text re
lates mainly to the most Interesting per
sonal history of Cyrus tha Great, and haa
The Story of Cyrus.
: All of the familiar Incidents are noted.
"such as the murder of Baron von Kette
!er, the scaling of the wall by the bugler,
Calvin Titus, the heroic death of Colonel
Liscum and others. The hero. Gilbert
' Pennlngton. is a young lieutenant In the
regular, army, who got* to China with the
Ninth ' Regiment. (Published by Lee &
Shepard. Boston. ' Price $1 25.)
A thoroughly , up to date book, full of
Incidents famlhar. to w«». Is "On to Pe
king." by Edward Straiemeyer. The style
cf the book, which is the last of the Old
Glory series, will suit boys as well as be
of interest to their parents. . .
Frank. Banfield bas contributed to the
"Westminster Biographies" a brief* but
well-considered sketch of John Wesley.
As the author says, no new facts about
John Wesl»y are likely to be brought to
light. He left abundant materials for his
biographers, which have been thoroughly
utilized. "Wesley was. according, to Mr.
Eanfield. In a specially manifest way an
Instrument of Providence. He helped ma
terially in the gradual lifting of Ando-
Sajcondom out of th* paganism In which
It was wallowing, part of 'the way back
toward a perfect Christianity. (Published
byj Small, 'Maynard & Co., Boston. Price
75 "cents.)
On to Peking.
There are, nearly twenty of these tale9
in his book, "Short Rails." and 4 although
they are of varying merit the a'utho;- de
serves great credit for his work. (Pub
lished bv Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. Price, Jl'25.)
John Wesley.
Mr. Warmah'showp a thorough knowl
edge of his subject, from the "wiper" In
the "roundhouse" t<£ the division super
intendent
Clinton Soollard deserves great praise
for his work In collecting poems that com
memorate some signal act of v;Uor his
torically accurate. It should appeal to
every studt-nt of American history. and to
nny one who has a love for heroism. The
work of rrcny prominent men Is Included,
but the field for such work is so wide that
It. has been necessary, to admit some bal
lads, of lesser literary value. The notes
contain , a short biographical notice of
each author,* with explanations of every
historical and local reference and of the
frvent which the poem describes. They are
adequate and concise and add materially
to the Interest of the book. (Published by
Silver. Burdctt & Co., New .York. Price
GO cents.) .
* Short Rails.
Cy. 'vVarnnn, who has already written
some very acceptable stones of railroad
life, brings but a new collection of short
stories, which has enough adventure anft
romance to satisfy the most exacting
lever of realistic fiction.
Ballads of American Bravery.
Seldom has a more charming little story
been published for use In school than
"Anfang and Erjde." by Paul Heyse. I,ik<»
his "I/Arrabbiata." published by thi3
house a phoft time ago, it Is unsurpassed,
both In Us poetical Idea and In Its form of
expression, v The present story has been
selected not only on account of Its exeep-'
tionally; large vocabulary and the great
number of Idioms presented In the text,
hut especially because It offers a charac
teristic specimen, of refined and animated
German conversation. The needful sug
gestions nnd helps will be found In the
foot notes and vocabulary. Few stories
can ordlnnrily bo read to so great an ad
vantage In the latter part of the second
year's German. (Published by the Amer
ican Book Company, New York. Price 30
cents.) " ;:.;-¦ .. vf- :
Anfan*? tmd Ends.
"Tales as old as the curlew's call are
to-day listened to around the 'hearths of
Donegal with the same keen and credu
lous easrerness with which they were
barkened to hundreds of years ago."
After you have read the "Donegal Fairy
Stories," which Seumas MacManus has
written, you will the better appreciate
this opening remark of his preface and
thank him for prolonging the life of these
same old Irish tales by Introducing them
to your own fireside. Thfs old Irish folk
lore a peculiar ring about It that
clings to the memory and tickles the
fancy. The wild imaginations and odd
conceits will be found pood reading alike
for young and old. The book Is illustrat
ed by Verbeck and the artist has succeed
ed well In carrying out the sentiment of
th" tales and endowing his pen skefehea
with the. real old flavor of the soil. (Pub
lished by McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York. Price $1.)
The Art of Writing English.
J. M. D. Meiklejohn. M. A., professor of
theory, history .and practice of education
in the University of St. Andrews, has just
written a manual for students on "The
Art of Writing English." His book in
cludes chapters on paraphrasing, essay
writing, precise writing, punctuation. Idi
omatic phrases, letter writing, common
errors, sentence structure, figures of
speech, style'and other matters. He gives
numerous examples to illustrate rules and
his treatment of the different subjects is
clear and Interesting. The book should
prove an aid to all who wish to write
good, clear and firm Ensrlish. (Published
by D. Appleton & Co., New York. Price
n so.)
Donegal Fairy Stories.
Kodaks.
"Kodaks" Is the title of a little book
recently published by Guy Alby Buell of
Stockton. Its contants are made up of
prose supposed to be. philosophical or fun
ny and verse In the same varying vein.
There Is one thing that Mr. Buell deserves
the highest compliment for and .nat is
being willlne.to place his name in large
letters on the front page of such'a collec
tion of twenty-year-ago junk as its page:?
offer. It takes realccurage for a man to
thus assume the responsibility of his acts.
It is said that newspaper book reviewer*
of the present day are prone to> mislead
their readers by praising even' volume
which comes to hanti. Let this be an
example. Do not waste your time look
ing for a copy of "Kodaks.", It is very
poor!
The stories are pictures rather than nar
ratives. What they lack In event they
make up In description' and character de
lineation. (Published by McClure. Phil
lips & Co. Price $1 25.)
between the old man and the> little Irish
cripple Is turned into a pastel by. Mr.
Duncan's delicate brush.
presses the average auditor much as the sub
joined dialogue will impress you, gentle reader:
Viola Allen— Tou rent for me. ' me Lord ?
Balvlnl (gloomily)— Si, Slgnora.
Viola Allen— Wherefore, I prithee, tell me?
Salvlnl* (seizing her by the arm) — Qiiosta in
fellce erarzlo gugllelmo cl glacomo puella leus
tra! v
" Viola Allen (deprecatlnply)— Oh, me LordJ ,
-. Salvlnl (with suppressed rage) — Sospiro, ah!
•m'appari — queeta adagio banana rodrlgo piano?
¦ Viola Allen (eagerly)— Oh, me' soul, I 'know
not! - . ,%¦;¦:
Salvlnl (glaring at h>r)— Ce la mortft soste-'
nuto miserere piazza milano presto . pattl ? .
Viola Allen (shuddering)— Me Lord. '¦ you
amaze me!
Salvlnl (dragging h»r to L. U. "E.)— Sperato
j hernanl gurstato habanl vigllogenoa Colombo
gue«ta grazzla nouvello!
Viola Allen-Oh!
Salvlnl— Descendo. crescendo et diminuendo
pianoforte! _.
Viola All»n— With a dagger, me Lord?
Salvlnl— Fortissimo.
Viola Allen— When' the- pale moon shines on
yon pallid corpse?
Salvlnl (frowningly and hoarsely)— Lazzaroni
pianissimo!
Viola Allen— H^nven'B will, be done! But
whit if he b^ar It not hith<*r?
Salvini (raising his sword on- high)— Questra
padre nouvello beila donna trovatore! Slgnora
die la mezza?
Viola Allen — Yes, my Lord.
Salvlnl— SI?
Viola Allen— Tes.
Salvlnl (approvingly)— SI? (Exeunt.) ' ". / '.«
By this fair sample of a Salvini play It can
be aefn that a man with a fertile Imagination
can derive a large amount of satisfaction from
the Dago drama If he Is willing to pay for the
pleasing experiment.
Field was an excellent dramatic critic
Inasmuch as he always sa.w Just the odd
points that struck the public most forci
bly and yet which that same public could
tone of a young barrister seeking a change. of
venue.
"Well. I don't know what the ceneral's
opera-glass. is." said Colonel Nixon, "but this
one of r mine Is a lay zhoomels."
"Call It what j-ovJ please," replied the Judge,.
Vlt Is dor tro.aa far as -I am concerned, until
the corpse de bally : makes its ontray."
"I thought you didn't speak French,"- *ald
General Stllea, turnlnu fiercely upon the Judge.
."Oh," ¦well,", the Judge explained apologetical
ly,' "I'm not what you and the colonel would
call oh fay— I'm a June primmer, at the busi
ness—but when the wind la southerly I reckon
I can tell a crlzet from a garaong." "
Chicago society is still in considerable doubt
a9 to where Berr.hardt ghould be located In
the ' artistic scale. A good : many of. the elite,
think that her Fedora is second to Fanny
imvenporfs, and there are very many who
prefer Clara Morris' Camllle. We notice that
the. popular inquiry In- cultured circles In.
"Have you been', to «ee.B#rnhardt?" not "Have
you h*«n'to hear Earnhardt?"
"Oh,' you don't know .how I enjoyed Bayern
hayerdt the other evening f exclaimed one ' of
our most twautlful and accomplished bellei..
"Her dresses are beautiful, and- they do say
she Is dreadfully nacghty!";
Field's newspaper pen was most prolific.
Six days of the week for twelve years
he ground out good material for his col
umn in the NewaA Mr. Thompson tells
us that the total number of words'written
during that time must have exceeded'7,
000,000. | and the variety of subjects dis
cussed in prose and verse are legion. The
last column made its appearance on No
vember 2. 1S95, and "two days later the
man who for twelve year? had filled it
with his odd conceits, his effervescent wit
and his thoroughly American humor, all.
expressed in faultless English, was dead."
In | the two books just published Mr.
Thompson has selected and grouped under
various heads stories and verses which
bear a "relation one to the other, but for
¦ "The Absence . of Mrs. Halloran" tells
'the -story . of the. old . Syrian : who i heard
M rs. Halloran • beating her Icrlppled '-. son
r and \visited ' him sneakingly ! in ":. the tnoth
or's absence. The friendshlD that ercw uo
1 They are pictures (of the" tenement life
among-.: the gentle* simple-minded, folk
who.'hall from" far away • Bible land?.
They are now; humorous, now serious,
always pathetic.
-The Syrlan'quarter.of New York is one
po little • known .to -. fiction - that ¦' Norman
Duncan had a broad -field lying open be
fore him when -he began his sketches.
Sketches , they - are. no more. ' these little
characteristic studies; • but' they ! are vivid
enough to leave a ! deeper impression than
many a three-volume novel. ;
The Soul -of tho Street.
Themain feature of, the work lies in the
illustrations; which "are large] ' numerous
and '_ well done. There are some 433
sketches and phototriaphs. thirty-four
f ul?-page . (size Sxl2), . lii black and whiie.
eighteen full-page, and sixteen of smaller
size in color. .These are made from origi
nal work by Klepper. Wenzell. Reuter
dahl: and Herrins.. The pictures cover, all
possible fields or! illustration from battles
to camp" scenes and. Individual photo
graphs. Pictorially considered the presetit
¦work is the best of ihe' kind v which ha?
made its- appearance.
»An Introduction of -value Has been writ
ten by Sir. John G. Bourlnot." K. C. M. G.,
LL.D..Lltt/ D., In which he brieily gives
the causes which led up tO; the struggle
and much data 'of- interest concerning the
development- of-' mining; and' the general
condition of the country. . (Price $5.) ,
A narrative of the ' Anjrlo-Boer War
from the , beginning of hostilities- to the
fall of Pretoria has just been issued In
fhther bulky though interesting form by
Peter Fenelon Collier & ; Son of New
York. ; Captain A.". T.Mahan, the "author,
le already ' widely known • and « favorably
considered as a writer of history. He
writes" vividly, although from the pro-
English standpoint, and It is evident that
his. matter has been taken almost entirely
from . English ; sources/ In consequence of
this, «6me of , the conclusions ; drawn have
not been substantiated by subsequent hap
penings, and later authentic news. His
narrative. Includes the first oueratlons ir.
Natal stakes the reader through the trou
ble in Cape Colony- and the fighting in the
southern part of the Fre©\ State "and so
on up. to: the time of the' occupancy of
Bloemfontein by. the; British.' The dilfer
ent sieges and battles are i given in detail.
The .War in South Africa.
A book that will appeal to farmers, sail-*
otp and all students of the art of weather
forecasting, is one", recently published by
Rand, McNally & Co.. New York, under
the title,; of i "Moore's Meteorological
Almanac and Weather Guide." This hook
comes from the pen of one who should be
bef>t Informed In such matters. Its author
being none other than Willis L. Moore.
Chief of the United State3 Weather
Bureau. Washington, D. C. It Is the
first guide to weather In the form of a
popular almanac which has as yet-made
its appearance. _ The contents include: A
calendar for each month.' with .tables
phowing the highest and lowest tempera
tures for each month at every Weather
Bureau station- In the United States; the
time of rising and setting of the sun:
moon signs and changes: a historical
sketch of the Weather Bureau and the
men who have developed it: the wonder
ful phenomena cf the air and an account
of curious scientific facts: : the construc
tion and uie of the weather map and how
to read it intelligently to make it of
practical value; the u?es and errors of
storm, warnings, tornadoes: long-range
foiecasts: a complete account of the Gal
veston hurricane, the great Hoods of the
United States: protection from frosts,
and numerous hints to the fruit raiser and
farmer on temperatures injurious to food
productsC^In which the question of the.
preservation of fruit, etc., in hot and cold
climates is discussed. Besides all this
there is considerable information given
regarding the use of the Weather Bureau
kite and other experiments. It is pub
lished in two forms; paper cover 25 cents,
in cloth 50 cents. u^;'
Moore's Meteorological Almanac.
" Judging from part 1 us a sample, the
work should nrove popular, for 'it is well
illustrated with half-tone, color cuts and
numerous photographs. Evidently the
publishers are taklnc special pains to se
cure the photographs of the medal of
honor men. The edition will.be complete
in two' sections. . Each section consist* of
twenty parts, thirty-two pages (size 8x12
Irenes) to the part. The pricf-wlll be $10
the set of forty parts, or 25 cents the part
—Issued weekly. -A*'
The medal of honor, like the Victoria
Cross of England, is familiar to every
ono. tbut little has been written of the
heroes and their heroic deeds, for which
the medal of honor was awarded by Con
gress. In the thirty-five years since the
clo?» of the war of the Rebellion no thor
ough and complete work of this kind h*3
been published. This series is intended to
cover exactly this point, and the stories
are to be historically correct, for they are
in the most case3 to be related by the
heroes tbempelvee. AH are substantiated
by the War Department records. An im
portant feature of the work will be a
short history "of our several war* laving
particular stress upon the battles, their
inception and their outcome.
The Perrien-Keydel Company of Detroit,
Mich., announces a very Interesting series
'of publications to be known as "Deeds of
Valor," of which one number will appear
each week.- Part 1 has just been Issued
and 'promises, well for the other numbers
which nro to follow. -Briefly outlined, this
work is a series of stories of the most
thrilling acts of ''heroism performed dur
ing- the war of the Rebellion, the Indian
wars and the war with Snain.
Deeds of Valor.
trary, notwithstanding. (Published by
John Lane. New York.): .
The book has enough of letting of blood
by sword Rnd pistol, deaths from the
plague, haunted glens, wicked men. plot
ting schemers and' general rattle of arms
of the middle ages to furnish material fof*
a" whole library of romantic fiction. It is
trash, ttut very good reading to the con-
is ever quick to take offense that she is
not, treated as a woman. .The lady tells
the story herself, 60 the; reader from the
very beginning" can rest' certain that th©
heroine at - least will come out with a
whole sk.ln despite the extraordinary
•amount of blood, which gives a crimson
dash to every page. ¦ The best work in the
story lies in the constant surprises which
greet the heroine when thus as . a man
, among men she finds none of the courtesy
she has been accustomed to. but is treated
as an undersized womanish .youth. This
i point is very well- worked out by the
author, for he places as a traveling com
panion for the maid a man toward /whom
her heart has had a leaning. • This bold
blade , gi^es her opinion of men many a
hard, rap by the unceremonlousi way in
which he criticizes her appearance | and
actions, but later redeems himself by sav
ing her ; life several times. And she in
turn rises in. his estimation as, a man
when, by clever sword play, she succeeds
"In killing one of the best swordsmen of
the day.
"In these days of prolific literature It
must be an omnivorous reader indeed
srbo would be QuallAed to select the best
He writes:
means the least appreciation of the de
lightful quality of his work has been
found in England, even in the day of
Maurice Hewlitt"
Hobart Chatfield Chatfleld-Taylor con
fesses to few books on his reading lists.
John Kendrlck Bangs eays: "I would
*ay that the best book of the year In my
Judgment Is 'The Cardinal's Snuff Box,'
by Henry Harland. The love story is as
delightful as It is delicate and is charrv
lnply told. I ehould call it a prose poem,
and consider It Immeasurably superior to
nny work produced by an American au
thor, from point of view, of conception,
construction and uterary style, in the last
ten years. It Is pleasant to note that its
author is an American, and that by no
AWIDE canvass of representative
professions made by the Chicago
Tribune would Indicate that tnere
wa3 no "book of the past year."
Jurists, statesmen, clergymen, authors,
critics and business men -were asked their
opinion as to the most interesting publi
cation during the twelve months, and
only two books arc mentioned twice,
l^ueU's "Paul Jones" and Foster'" "A
Century of American Diplomacy."
All the rest are a» sixes and sevens,
from William Jennings Bryan, with his
pref^r^nce for the "Jefferson Cyclopedia."
tr. <lus Ruhlin. with a pronounced ad
miration for "Fistiana."
Regarding Bull's book Secretary of the
Navy John I). Long and Horace White.
managing editor of the New York Even-
In? Post, are r.greed. Mr. White writes
of it at some length:
"It has Interested me, not because the
subject of the memoir was a tremendous
tighter— 'the wrathful Achilles of the Sea.'
«f the Duchess do Chartres styles him —
l-ut because to these qualities wore joined
cth*rs no less remarkable which the au
ihor has brought to the attention of his
reader w^th more perspicuity than any
ether biographer of that extraordinary
man.
"This sort of a poor Scotch fisherman
was n Chesterfield in manners, a j self
taught scholar and linguist, a wit, a
diplomatist of high abiiity an«I a lirst
ratc man of businesr. He, was warm
hearted, unselfish and one of nature's
jioblemrn in every sense. He was also
&n anti-slavery man at the time when
there were few such on either side of the
v.ctor. At the beginning of the war of
independence he owm*d a plantation v.lth
f laves In the Ranpahannocit. They had
toine to him by inheritance. I^ord Dun
more, an English naval officer, made a
tlepcpnt upon the property in Jones' ab
f^nee. burned the buildings, carried off
the nejrroes and sold them Into the dread
lul slavery of the West I.idies. During
the war Jones was obliged to mortgage
Ms plantation to William and Archibald
I'r&zlrr in older to ratee money for his
own expenses, as he served without pay.
Alter the war was ended ttie Fraziers
to him offering him favorable terms
In rejpect to the mortgage, suggesting his
return to the plantation, and saying
tint if he rhould come back any place of
1 ubiic trust In the gift of the people
vould be at his disposal. To the sugges
tion that he rhould again become a Vlr
g,mia planter Jones replied:
" "To do that with the prospect of suc
ce?«- under existing conditions would re
< uire me to make myself a beneficiary of
s-lsve labor— to b*> again a holder of prop
erty in human flesh and blood. 1 occu
lifd that attitude once, bu: It was at a.
tinv* v.hen my RenPlbllttles on that pcore
l:ad not been Fharpened as they have
finee been. *'.'<.'
" 'Lord Dunmore relieved me sadly an-1
violently, but no 1pf«> effect ualb', of the
main part of my offending as an owner
of human slaves. You are aware thkt
early !n J776 I *Pt free my only two re
maining boyjs. Cato'a.xi &eipio. at Provi
dence. It. 1. At this writing I must sav
that I havo struggled t>o lor.g and so doo
vera:ely for the cause of hum.wi liberty
in general and the right of man at lar^e
that 1 tan no longer bring myself to. a
distinction taped on color or misfortune
a? betwr-en men whom, as the good book
say*. "Gcd hath created in his own Im
age." * (Vol. II. page 123.)
"Thrse words. In th* time and oircum-
Ftancps in which Jhev were, written, en
noble Paul Jones an much as the victorv
cf the Bon Homme Richard over the Ser
£pSS."
S-crrtary L<ong eay* of the book that It
if= "one of the books of the year whicn
lias especially lnt«re*t«<i me." Dut it I*
the enly book he namod in hi3 letter to
th? Tribune.
Admiral George D**ey and President
A. 6. Draper of the Unlx-erslty of Illinois
are agreed as to the cjuality of Foster's
"A Century of Anerifaa Diplomacy." Of
tliif volume Admiral Dcwcy writes:
•*J think that Foster's 'A Centur>' cf
Amfrlcan Diplomacy' lull given me morn
I'lesfure than any bojk 1 have read this
y^ar."
I>r. Draper *a: - « of it:
"The book of the last year which I have
rca<3 with the most enjoyment Is former
£rcrrtary John W. Foster's 'Century of
.American Dlplcnaar-y. "
¦\vnilam Jennir.gs Ervan Is almost as
briff h* is Gu» Huhlin in ihe trire rinx.
Thf former candidate for the Presidency
¦writes. KOtentlOUSty: " *TKe Jeffersonlaii
Cjclopedla.' publirhcd bj- Funk & Was
rails." The prize fighter dimply noted
ever Ms rlenature: " ¦FiKtlana.' "
Bishop William E. M^Lsren of the Epi«
cops.1 Ciocepe of Chldjro
"The book I have read wltii most en
j-v.-rnrnt 'his y^ar Is 'The Little Flowers
of Esint Franclp of Asslsi': the one his
tory with moFt Inrtitiction. 'Memoirs of
the Two I-a?t Years of the R«*lpn of Kin^
Charles I.' by Elr Thomas Herbert: the
r.rie In psychology' with rnoEt interest.
•The Soul cf a Christian/ by Frank
Grunter."
T/n vole*? of thr» critics Is of interest.
Jrar.ette I... Glider asks: "Why didn't you
BPk me for the beft lwoks. rather" than
the best booh? There are m many po!nt«
ot view. The V»e*t book In tbe.way of b!
rcrnphy. I should say. wa« Morley'a
'Cromwell'; the best novel Mrs. Huni
phrjr'.Ward'n 'Eleanor." So far os m»re
enjoyment gcs. Mr. Howelln' 'Uterary
Fr'endu find Acquaintance*' fills the bill.
Of 3nolhtr class 'An Englishwoman's
Ixive Lettc re.' "
Cfcllde Ha*sarr». the art critic, says:
"The best book of the yrcr must be Hux
ley's 'Life and Lettera.' I cannot piv* an
cpinion of any of the suerrKpful chromes
of lifrstture, -for I have read but one. and
I should as Foon think of readlnjr the
others as of looking for a work of art
cmong the pictures of foreign mediocri
ties shown In the windowi* of the Fifth
Bvcnuo dealers. A book that I read ajr;i!n
this Bummer, and hope often to reread, is
Thoreau's 'Cape Cod.* Art is the contin
ual Ptrngele against shop."
Prof>ri«or W. P. Trent. of the chair of
English In Columbia University writes:
"I must confess that owing to change of
residence and other causes my reading of
contemporary books this year has been
neither systematic nor extensive. Of such
as I have read I Ehould select Lord. Rose
bery's 'Napoleon— the I^ast Phase* as the
one that has much interested me on the
•whole, although Dr. Edward Eggieston's
Transit of Civilization,' which I have
Just begun, bids fair to rival It in inter-
, But there are humorous features about these
Salvlnl entertainments which • partly compen
sate us for this other 'desecration. For in
stance, tha dUlccu* of a Sal vial tiaxsdy lm-
It is row many years since the old Sal
vlni days, when we all enjoyed, or those
¦who didn't tried toenjoy the one part
Italian dramas of the great tragedian; yet
Fleld'B description of the. "entertainment,"
as he calls it, is still tickling to the palate
of humor: . v
llr. Thompson has been careful in. his
work and omitted all that would need edi
torial footnotes, as. for Instance, the Pres
ident Arthur paragraph quoted above.
So It is in reading this collection of
poems and sketches we must remember
that when they were written they. were
for. the present only, being thoughts of
the hour for the readers of a daily news
paper. Still there is much in them worthy
of preservation and many readings.
Mr. Fleld'B early work had the character of
the breeziest Bart of table-talk. It consisted
cf dally goMlp about persons and ; things'.
From the President and aiTairs of state down
tr> the doorkeeper of a local theater and the
most trivial happening of the day, everything
was grist to his whimsical mind.
On Aueuft 20.. 1S8J, tha title "Current Gos
sip" save place to that of "Sharps and Flats,"
which was retained to the end. This heading
was taken from the title of a play by Clay M.
Greene and the writer, then being performed
by Messrs. Robson and Crane.
Them was the flavor of Field's peculiar hu
mor, which was still present In the last para
graph he ever wrote. To appreciate this hu
mor at ihls late date It needs to be recalled
that President Arthur, with a hunting party
of distinguished friends, was - In the Yellow
stone Park at that time.
"It In said, though not authorltativels*. that,
purely upon grounds of relf-protectlon. the
¦buffaloes are fleeing to Yellowstone Park In
great nurnbera"
Before coming to Chicago Kugene Field had
attracted noni* attention In the newspaper, of
fices of the country by his Denver Tribune
I'rlmer stories. But his renl career as a news
paper writer and author' dates from August,
1SS3. vhtn his connection with th* : Xewe flr»t
Trepan to show in paragraphs under tho com
monplace heading <ij "Current Gosislp." In
Euch a paragraph a« this (Augutt IV 1SS1):*.
An explanation taken from the preface
by Mr. Thompson may not be amiss In
th's connection: •
Some of the selections In the present
publication may seem rather uninterest
ing on account of time having placed the
subjects on the back shelf, but still
throughout all there is the kind light of
Field's genial humor, and from such u
pen eveifpast history burns brightly.
levers of the writings of Eugene Field
have ;\ treat in store for them in. two
volumog Just published of Ms "Sharps and
Flats." Originally all tli" ."Sharps and
Flats" published in these t wo volumes ap
peared" in the columns t't the Chicago
Dally News (now the Chicago Record),
together, with about 100 limes as many
more. These which now alpebr have been
collated by Slapon Thomson, a- personal
friend of Mr. Firld. wh& assisted over
eleven years ago in the publication of "A
I-Ittle Hook of Profitable !TaI<>3" -and "A
Little Book of Western Verse." .
Sharps and Fiats.
"I have read no many books in various
languages during the. flight of 1800 w!i!ch
I thoroughly enjoyed .that I am now un
able to recall which afforded 'me the
grfate*t degree of pleasure. Nor am I
competent to deride as to the relative
greatness of thr works I haye come
across. Jl should say that I have enjoyed
of the lfghter order most Intensely 'Tom
my and Grizel.' In EngliFh; D'AnunzIo's
'Fucco.' in Italian: and if I have not en
joyed I have at nil events read with deep
est interest Marcel Prevosfs 'Viergcs
Fort ps.' In French. I know of no really
great book to name. I believe only the
test of time will establish the hierarchy
of greatness* For this reason I cannot
pay which of the many othT professional,
theological, philological or sociological
bo.oks I have attempted to master de
serves the distinction." • -. .
"The books which have left the deepest
Impression on my mind and heart have
been those which tell of the progress of
the kingdom oT Jesus Chrifst. tho hcro'.sni
of Christian men and women and the
bravery of tho*e who have died as mar
tyrs for Christ."
Rabbi Emll'G. Hirsch writes:
Paul Laurence Dunbar. the negro poet,
writes: "I think the 'American Slave
Trade.' by John R. Spear?, far and above
the best and most significant book of the
year."
Bishop Whipple has no special favorite,
but says:
Secretary Wilson writes: "I have the
honor and pleasure to stale that the book
of the yrar which has given me the most
satisfaction anJ the keeho«t enjoyment is
the 'Yearbook of the Department of Agri
culture, 1S?»." " *
"The book that I think most important
to be read by the people of the United
States." writes Miss Anthony, "is 'The
History of Woman Suffrage,' the fourth
volume of which will soon be issued,
bringing the records down to the close of
the nineteenth century. There is no his
tory about which there is so much ignor
ance *i* this great movement for the es
tablishment of equal political rights for
women. 1 hope that the twentieth cen
tury will tee the triumph of our cause."
Miss Susan B. Anthony and Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson arc open to the charge
cf narrowness in their selections.
President M. E. Ingalls of the Big Four
Railroad system writes: "I think the book
that gave me the most pleasure was one
that was given to me as 1 was leaving on
the steamer, and that 1 read on the At
lantic, called -The Sky Pilot.' "
"There is no such thing as absolute
primacy of excellence among books. One
may be the best of the year in Its kind;
another the best of its kind. The 'best
philosophical work of the year and the
best potm or book of poems are incom
mensurable in quality. In power, how
ever, to interest a given person, this or
that book may well excel all others. The
most interesting book which I have read
during 1900 has been 'The lAle of General
Nathan Bedford Forrest, of the Confed
erate Army.' "
Dr. E. Benjamin Andrews denie3 the
absolute overtopping of any one book.
He says:
Professor Elisha Gray writes: "I, have
not rca-*. all the books of 1900. but of those
1 have read in the way of ficiion I have
enjoy*- d most 'Ebon Holden.' " I
"My reading the last year has been
exceedingly limited, owing to various
conditions, and any selection I might
make would be thoroughly unjust, not
only to the books, but to" myself. If. I
were to name one at all. I should say 'Man
and HIf Ancestor,' by Charles 'Morris."
Carroll D. Wright, United States Com
missioner of Labor, writes of his read-
Ings:
from among: the many volumes of Inter
est "which fill the book shops. Should it
be the best In purpose,- conception or
style? Should it be fiction, history, poetry
or belles lettres? To select the best of
any one of these, were the task conscien
tiously fulfilled, would in itself be the
labor of a year. Among the few modem
books I have read during' the year the
one which gave me the most pleasure was
Maurice Hewlltt's 'Little Novels of
Italy.' "
THE SUNDAY CALL.
cst."
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4pBVSPlHHfHBVIaraSHHHflRHpBUP^' - ¦¦-• ¦¦-.¦¦ • .¦¦-¦¦¦ •¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '.-¦*' --'¦ r^S8BSs^--^.yi.--c*
cabins is Keen nestling almost under: the spans .the -town. :¦'.-• Beyond -I this vvil- .Mne."W'A towering '.mountain -corned down
weblike ' supports of . the structure,- whlcn .-"lage is- one of .the' -.typical'^^ views of* the. "into the sea, -the; train a 'shallow'
WITH the laying cf the la«i Ta'.l
and the driving of the last spike,
on Friday. December r«. at the
:;nle town of Alcatraz, there was
completed one of the most gigantic enter
priser ir.aue-urated en tne Pacific Co;-.«t
since Us first transcontinental line cf rail
road was finished.
The almost Insurmountable obstacles of
tnGunt.-.in and canyon have b'een over
come, and through the expenditure of mil
lions of money, coupled with <?nr''neering
Fkill of the highest order, another line of
rsiilro&i has been driven through a por
tion ot nature's wonderland, as rnagnln
cent to contemplate as it was difficult to
ccnqu«r. The north and the eouth are
untied all the more firmly by . another
coir.mereial highway and new country is
ipent-d m\> ar.a brought Imo direct com
munication with the business world. Th?
"gap ' \)f iween Santa Barbara and Surf
ha-s btc-n closed and the new coast iine
of the Southern Pacific is an accom
plished fact.
For vre<-ks and months reports have
been published regarding the prosress of
construction of this wonderful bit cf
road, bat all have l*>en mere or le<s in
accurate. While not Intending to be
FecrKlvt, Southern Pacific officials have
preferred to avr&'t making definite an
nouncements until Chief Engineer Hood
could say to thom: "The pap is c'osed."
Tourists to the coa^t expect to see the
rtereotyped sights of California. Tourist
routes of. travel have been followed per
functorily in yeara past for the simple
reason that for the accomplishment of
great distances there was JHtle choice of
rouipf. iZi»fttern vitltor-j expect to we
th«? big trees and the Yoseraite. All who
have come before them have seen these
Fights and the average tourist doesn't
know that California possesses other
vrarier? equally Interesting. because
heretofore there have existed no means of
departing from the beaten paths, except
¦with much physical and financial cost. To
th* end ih.-it the scenic beauties of the
coast line through Central California
might be described and pictured and that
b hint of the commercial Importance of
this new field might be given, the writer
made th«* f.rst trip over the new coast
line of the Southern Pacific a week be
fore the gap was closed. It shall not be
the object nf this article to give a techni
cal description of the construction of the
road through the marvelously interesting
repior> whirh H penetrates, bjut rather to
describe Itrirfly some of the scenr-s which
•w!!l (rrf-ft the (jt of Jh^ tourist whose for
tune it may h* to witness the endless suc
<-e*>ion cf nature's masterpieces which
will ;>n«s before h!*n In review. Xew
loVa* of California will be pained, and «n-
Fipht Into the possibilities of Its compara
tively unknown valleys xri'tl be given, a
hint cf come of its natural wonders will
be elfaned anfl a route nf travel de-
Fcribed pos5e c . c itijr attractions for the
truvelf-r not hitherto adrrnced
The overland touri« having crossed the
Brest deavrt In the n't»ht arrives !n Ixds
Aa&eJea. the metropolis of Southern <~"all
foTia, find pwek^ns In a lnnd of enchant
ment. The- voprtatlmi he? all changed
ard \,f Fff-ks in vain for a elnr'e tree
Vfttl vhirh he Is fa"ii'!ir in the K:u<t or
ter a Jlo»/cr other than *h<? rose whose
l'ke h? hr.s !>«--cn u*e^ it s'-cing. The warm
rrr-ntli rf the pemMrop'c air reminds him
fnrrir,:-.' of the blizzards of the East so
ip.t^'y 'r-ft f*-h!nd and he realizes that he
Is <n r. new world — a world of flowers and
contentment. „ v
No to appear* to br in a hurry. Every
ojM* Mfsaa happy, srd t^iTe is a peculiar
f*t 'pfactlon to hi* senses in wcrtderlng
a^^iTt for the first tijrie !n a country
vhcre all is rcw. whee everything is
changed and where upon every hand a
rtv.- surprise awaits him. He finds, too.
that he is in a country of mapnJftc«>nt dls-
Tanf*^. The landmarks of California
which he has read so much at>out he now
discovers !f* hundreds of miles apart.
Hf- knows about the big trees, but
<l<>osn't know wh*>r* ihey are; Yosemite
is a byword, but he Is startled to learn
that «t is about 409 miles to the valley.
He at!:? 1f there is n 5t re**t car to Mon
t»rev or rornrodo nrd Is surprised ¦when
Informed that there isn't. He Imagines he
c&n po to San Francirco -in about the
rame t!m« that a trip from New York to
Albany or Rodon requires, and after a
low days' careful study of Itineraries
tjdets us the old routes toward the north.
lust r.« hundreds of thousand* of others
have cone, sees the sights they have seen
and rcturr.s tn his Eastern home with the
tame impressions of California that
thousands iof others have carried before
him.
The new coast line, however, has treas
ures In fctore not yet described in the
guide- . books. Summer resorts, magnifi
cent hotels, quaint old relics of Spanish
days, medicinal pprings. sanitariums for
the »«fnicted. tig trees that rival those of
YoseTiiite in eize if not In number, endless
fanorumas of prolific orchards and farms,
with intermingled visions of rugged
mountain and rolling surf that hereto
fore have been visited only by those who
s^ous. t out the side trips; the tedious
tta»;e routes or cross-country drives sel
dom given place on tcurists' maps.
From Los Angeles to Saugus. for the
present, the trains of the coast line will
follow the beaten track. When the great
tunnels in the Chatsworth Park cut-off
are finished the old line will be left at
Burbank, only a few miles north of Los
Angeles. From Saugus to San Buena
ventura there Is little to interest the
Fightseer. but from that point on as far
as Ellwood there is a succession of lemon
groves In the highest state of cultiva
tion. Dotted here and there in the end
less field cf green and yellow are little
villages and towns, all of modern build,
the red roofs of the cottages adding color
and life to the beauty of the landscape.
Kllwood has been the northern terminus
of the coast line for a number of year*.
From that point to Surf,' distant flfty-3.x
and two-tenths miles by rail, It was be
lieved impossible to build a road. Frown-
Ing mountains came jliruptly down to the
sea. affording practically no facilities for
grading a roadbed, and ten years ago it
was not even dreamed possible that a
continuous line wouid ever traverse tlw
rugged slopes and deep ravines and can
yons which have new been conquered. It
was the dream of Colhs P. i.untlngton's
life to fee this read /'put through, bir.
death claimed him bef.Jre his scheme was
realized. From Santa Barbara, one of the
oldest and prettiest little cities on th.)
Pacific Coast, to Point Conception the
coast line runs almost due wes». It would
seem that at some former period the foot
hills which elsewhere give gradual ap
proach to the coast ranrt" had here been
swallowed up by the Eea. Towering
mountains rise directly from the' boiling
surf and to precipitous arc their sid<?«t
at places that engineering skJU has been
taxed to Its utmost to find a foothold for
the road. . - >.
A series of immense ileel viaducts, how
ever, have biidged the canyons between
the mountains; tunnels and deep cuts, in
volving enormous expenditure of money
and labor, have solved the problem aud
this fifty-six miles of roadbed now com
pleted is perhaps the most costly -bit of
railroad on the Pacific Coast, not except
ing the famed Tehachapi. miltage being
equal. The road from Santa Barbara to
Ellvood. although originally constructed
(several years ago. has boen rebuilt, the
curves straightened and ihe grades equal
ized, so that from Santa Barbara through
it i? practically all new.
The first cf the larger viaducts ap
proached from the south Is the one -it
•""ementerla Canvon a'. Alcatraz. \Vh«-u
the writer visited the spot a week ago trvs
viaduct *vas in course of erection, only
about 150 feet of its <*W feet being up. Thu
accompanying photograph gives a betlur
Jdta tr.an description <an of the charac
ter of the country *hroji?h which thli
portion of the new roaiiruns. A Record
photograph. In .v/h!ch the nler of the via
duct, at the northern end cf the road Is
shown, Elves an Idea of its- Immensi
length. Within five days aftc". the pic
tures were made, however, the entire
viaduct was in place, although not riv
eted. JTTiir n~ii p. Jii»iaiiiiiiflri|iiiawiIIJllnf1ltfi
From Cement*>rla to Gavlota th<»re is a
bench along the beach which has been
taken advantage of by the. engineers. On
this section of the road the, passenger In
afforded a view of -the roughest surf
known on the California, coast south of
San Francisco, except possibly at. the
town of Surf, thirty ..miles further on. The
elevation of the train above the Pacific is
just enough to afford the best. light and
the most desirable - view. '-- the angle • of
vision causing rainbows of every sire to
form in clouds of epray above the rolling
breakers. At Gaviota another great via
duct, 810 feet in length, is crossed and the
little Spanish settlement of . shacks and
Through trains will be running early In
February. The daylight run will cover
the distance from San Francisco to Santa
Barbara.' and the running time to Los
Angeles for regular trains will be four
teen - hoars. Material changes will ba
made in through train arrangements, al
though the officials have not determined
at this date just 'what these changes will
be.- In • all - probability - the overland to
and -from New Orleans will nse the new
line, and in addition there will be express
train service and local trains between San
Francisco and Los Angeles. The new
road means much to the eommercfa!
world, as it opens up a new territory for
through business, ami' will enable produc
ers In Santa Clara. Monterey, San Luis
Obispo and. Santa. Barbara counties to
more , promptly market i their commodities
as well as to . compete with their more*
favored; brethren In the San Joaquln and
Sacramento valleys, who have -been on
trunk lines of railroads forbears;. — -
At Felton. Boulder. Ben Lomond. Glen
wood and other stations on. this line, sum
mer resort hotels abound and everv at
traction that magnificent mountain resorts
can offer are at the tourist's disposal.
The de3ceiit from the mountains toward
the Santa Clara Valley is gradual and th4
scenery is grand. When the valley is
reached tr-c traveler enters a succession
of gardens, prune groves, apricot orchards
and vineyards reaching almost to. the
hills that surround San Francisco. It is
California's garden spot with something
new, something grand, something attrac
tive to see at every turn.
Between San Jose and San Francisco the
road la well known. No changes have yet
been made, but the tunnel.-* now being
driven through the hills at South San
Francisco, when completed, will shorten,
the line somewhat and straighten it not
a little. :
The line front Santa Cruz to San Jos»«
Is claimed by many to be the most pictur
esque piece of road controlled bv the
Southern Pacific. The Santa Cruz Moun
tains are abrupt and rugged and afford
a panorama • of mountain scer.ery un
equaled on the* coast. At Ble Tree Sta
tion, only a few miles from Santa Cruz,
some of th« largest of California's bis
trees are to b* found and at various points
of the Santa. Cruz line forests «f giant red
woods are passed through. Some of these
latter are from twelve to fifteen feet In
dinmetrr, BsBHHtt
bridges and viaducts all Indicate that the"
new road is built not only for heavy
travel, but for speed as well.
An hour's run north, from San Luis
Oblspo and Paso Robles la reached. Hero
has been erected a magnificent sanitarium
and hotel at a cost of nearly a quarter
of a million dollars, uhere are medicinal
springs to the number of a score or more,
whose waters are said to cure many of
the Ills of mankind. At Santa Ysabel.
three miles away, there are other springs
of similar character, but the place la still
undeveloped. A few miles farther on la
t»e little hamlet of San Miguel, with It3
old mission, still In excellent preservation
and used as a place of worship to this day.
Beginning here and extending as far north,
as King City there are numerous oil fields
under process of development, and the dis
trict promises to become a factor In the
oil world at .no far distant day. Thence
northward the tourist is whirled throushi
the great sugar beet fields of California.
AH the way to Salinas the land is rich
and level and devoted almost entirely to
beets and craln. ¦ The largest beet sugar
plant In the world Is located near Sal'ias.
The industry Is gaining In volume every
year and the acreage to be seeded to beets
this year Is fully one-third larger than has
heretofore been applied to that purpose.
From Castroville. a few miles abov»
Salinas, tourists will be taken direct to
Monterey and Hotel del Monte, one of the
finest summer and winter- resorts In the
world. Hotel del Monte has been so much
written about that It Is comparatively
well known, but Pacific Grove, which lies
near it on the point and which Is the
Chautauqua of the West, will become
much more favorably known now that it
Is on a direct through line of travel. The
bay of Monterey !a a fisherman's para
dise, and from the fact that In it are
found almost every variety of fish In the
Pacifc Is known as Nature's aquarium.
On the northern : point of the bay Is the*
little cityfs of Santa Cruz, resembling a.
New England town of five thousand. It
abounds In place* of Interest to visitors.
cut Immediately after leaving the biff
l>ii<ir,t., j>.u v,i.er. a' curve .s roundeu.
away off across miles of moving water,
the sun shining upon Its whitened walls,
is seen the Point Conception lighthouse.
Apparently It stands upon a peninsula
that juts far cut into the sea. but this is
caused by me fact that the train makes
an abrupt turn iiist,at this point, winding
around the mountain side. Near Agua
Callente the mountain range seems to di
vide, and a canyon of great width and
depth is spanned by another of those tre
mendous viaducts. 'With no support visi
ble from the Interior of the car, the tour
ist is whirled across this abyss, a hundred
feet in the air, with nothing in view be
low but a narrow strip of sand and the
rearing surf of the Pacific. To describe
this .succession of mountains, cuts, fills
and viaducts would be redundant. No
one can remember them all in a single
trip, nor a half-dozen for that matter.
They are all intt-reftlng and each one
fhows sorao new beauty of sea or mpun
tain to chain the attention of the pas
senger. Jt may be of interest to note,
however, that on; of the largest railway
fills in th» world is found on this line. It
is near Cajo. Th» length of the fill Is
nbout lfOO fe^t. height 74 feet and It re
quired 275.C00 cubic yards of earth and
rock to build it. Another fill at Gold Tree
station contains 24S.C00 cubic yards. An
other item of no small account is the
bridge that crosses the Santa Maria Riv
er. It is composed of seven spans and is
12*50 feet long. To. complete the 56.2 miles
cf new road in the sixteen months that
have been required to build It an average
. forre of 3000 horses and a corresponding
number of men have* been constantly em
ployed. ; ' . .
" At -Surf, where, the new track joins the
old. one of the finest marine views in the
world is to be seen. All the currents of
the sea appear, bent upon coming ashore
at this point, and it is said to be impos
sible.for any living thing to swim in the
turbulent waters. Surf is at present an
enterprising: town of :. three or four in
habitants^ in addition to the railway lm
ployes'stationed there. • The most im
portant'Individual is a white bull dog,
and his owner is next in public esteem.
The. buildings of the Southern Pacific
Company • are substantial : and . commodi
ous, but -aside .from these, two or three
shacks and a saloon .comprise the .town.
As soon as the regular, traffic of the road
Is under way.' however. Surf promises to
become' a -place of "some- importance as
th^re Is, some good- farming country just
"to the north of It.. The- new Government
lighthouse at Point Arguello is visible
from this place. '
".The 'immediate coast line is followed
toward the north from »Surf to ¦within a
few miles of San Luis * ooisp'u. The same
magnificent land and marine. views. obtain
nearly • all the way, but- when the valley
south of San. Luis.Obispo is .entered the
sea -Is left ~ and the tourist Ms afforded an
entire change. San Luis Obfspo is one of
the " oldest; settlements: onv the coast.
Nestling, in a beautiful valley, almost sur
rounded, by toweMng mountain peaks, it
Is an ideal spot for the artist or for > the
tourist in search of ttuiet and'rest. Th«
old Franciscan mission still stands, a
portion; of it rebuilt, but the old adobe
walls, still intact." as used by; former .wor
shipers- a century ago. The town is pret
tily laid out,, has good hotels and stores
and ¦'!$ a prosperous '". community. The
railway shops give employment to a great
number !of. men. The Ramona, a superb
modern hotel, -is. much frequented by
tourists and Eastern . people and is con
sidered one of the popular resorts of Cali
fornia." . - *.*¦>".*¦ ' . "
" Leaving" San' Luis Oolspo the traveler
plunges 'almost ¦immediately ."Into a suc
cession, of mountain canyons*so winding
and Interminable as to cause h!m to won
der how the" 1 engineers ever got out of the
maze .'they' had- made.. . The. mountain
passes are wild and "rugged and* at one
point * almost ' above t he . town there ' is a
horseshoe , curve that ' dwarfs . anything of
» *\ similar r character , in ."-the AUeghanies.
The old stage road to Santa Barbara runs
through these mountains, but it will soon
lose its usefulness.- ; A" number of \ tunnels
pass 'the; road ithrough the summit of the
Coast >Range and the train emerges upon
a.: high plateau which* gradually, descends
to J the , level valleys . beyond.' At ; no point
on the road from end to end islthere more
than a; one per cent grade, and the. heavy
; steel ,' weighing seventy-five pounds ' to the
vnrd thfi : rock ' ballast - ami — snhstantinl
THE SUNDAY CALL;
5
CALIFORNIA'S NEW COAST LINE COMPLETED."My friend, Glover, did not tell me that
fcis fiancee was a type-writing girl."
"Sad end to a financial career, Dex
'"very."
Though she had no experience of a
cross-examination In court. Zella was
bracing hefself to that kind of ordeal.
Lorrimcr surveyed her for a moment
tnrouph his eye-glass and then dropped
It; which simply suggested to her a con
juring trick. The monocle fascinated and
puzzled her
"You have seen the reports of his
death?"
ited him with making histrionic play with
U especially when cross-examlnins a wit
ness. There was, by the way, something
an inquisitorial and doubtiai; manner
in his reception of Philip Grey.
"Miss Zella Brunneji's cousin?" he
faid while untying a bundle of papers
marked "Brunnen, Glover and Dankes."
•"Came over In the Umbria?"
HE was slightly above the medium
height and suggested a county
magnate or a country squire rath
er than a professional man of the
city of London. A round, cheery coun
tenance, penetrating eyes with marked
eyebrows, a clean-shaven face, full
lips, a somewhat stumpy nose. ' In
business he had a calm, astute manner,
rarely smiling, but outside the trammels
of work a frank, open, mirthful expres
sion. Though the use of his monocole was
perfectly natural to him. his critics cred-
CHAPTER XLII-Contlnued.
Copyright, 13M, by Joseph Hatton.
"I find myself growing very curious
about this remarkable young lady," said
Lorrimer to. himself. " 'Not sick/ Grey
says, 'but fanciful; not yet recovered from
the shock of Ned Glover's death, though
bho finds the change Is doing; her good.'
A woman' in ten thousand, ; evidently.
Writes a capital letter,* well-educated, and
has quite a pretty way of turning a sen
tence; a fine bold hand, too! Poor Ned, to
arrive, with wealth and beauty and every
. thing a man can desire, and be wrecked
in port! It makes one's heart bleed. Won
der how much the young lady is, like her
cousin? Grey Bays she is very like him. An
odd thing for Grey to say, when he hasn't
- an"atom of vanity; and Zella Brunnen Is a
beauty! Well, ; if she's as good a fellow,
using the' term In its best sense, as he Is,
.why, heaven -has been bountiful to what
they call 'the' great and glorious West.' "
"Herewith I send you two letters and
cables for Miss Brunnen," he eaid, dic
tating to his clerk a note to Philip Grey,
"and a cable for yourself. Will you kind
ly, forward the former to your cousin.
Miss Zella Brunnen, and say how much
I desire to see her. If she does not feel
disposed to come up to town I will wait
upon her at Bournemouth or Eastbourne,
or anywhere else she may appoint. Ques
tions must presently arise of importance
in connection with her property in Platts
Valley and Prudents Gulch, and Miss
Brunnen's still more important Inherit
ance under the late Hiram Dexter's will
— questions which we (Miss Brunnen,
yourself and myself) should discuss to
gether. I am not now writing for the
firm, but simply between ourselves; and
I therefore add that. If Miss Brunnen
would caro to have some friends of mine
at Eastbourne call upon her, I shall be
delighted to try and make the city by the
sea more cheerful than it can be .with, a3
you tell me, only one visitor, and that a
medical man. Also, let' mo say how
pleased T shall be if you will dine with
me at -the. club to-night, to meet one or
two . fellows, whose acquaintance may be
agreeable to you." '
/"Transcribe that at once, and let me
have it."
"Yes, sir," said the clerk, and left the
room.
Mr.. Richard- Lorrlmer took his seat be
fore a heavy mall and flashed his eye
glass at It with a sprightliness quite in
keeping with the exhilarating morning. A
shorthand clerk sat opposite to him. Mr.
Lorrimer thrust a small silver. paperknlfe
Into the envelopes, and almost simultan
eously Bcemed to dictate his replies. As
he rattled on he laid aside several letters
and telegrams addressed to the care of
the firm. These were for Mis3 Zella Brun
nen. After dealing with the pile of cor
respondence he turned them over curious
ly and looked at their, postmarks. They
were all from Chicago, letters and cables.
One ¦ of them was addressed "Philip
Grey." There was no reason why that
should strike him as odd, but it did.
They were all very early birds at Bed
ford row, lawyers and sparrows; and the
Eprlng adjacent trees came out as. green
and chirpy as if they were country born
and bred. 1 .
"ALL ABOARD!"
It was a busy night with Zella. Until
quite late she was at packing find unpack
ing, writing letters and looking at time
tables and tasking questions. She was
evidently bent upon flight.
¦ Zella, full of her schemes for the fu
ture, made her way into the Strand, and
thence to her hotel. She ordered her bill.
Then she went to her room. She began
to overhaul her trunks. She paid her bill
but she did not give up her rooms. She
would speak with the manager, she said.
Then she went out. and made many pur
chases. \ Hitherto she had not been able
to make up her mind what kind of pres
ents she would take home, for Bridget
and the ; Parkside people; for the Man
ageress Of the Athletic Club, for the two
professors, for Mr. Storey, for Joe Will
iams, for her partner Dankes, for Cap
tain Dan, for Dave, and for Mickey, who
had "Hoorroohed after poor *Ned and
wished him luck. • • • She found -that
she would require a large sum of money
the next day from Lorrimer. The account
of Philip Grey was getting low at tho
National Provincial Bank. Drexel, Mor
gan & Co. had cashed Zella's latest draft
But Philip, it is hardly necessary to say,
could sign Zella's name for any amount.
Lorrlnier had intimated that, apart from
the deposit Philip Grey had made on her
behalf and the securities in his hands.
Miss Brunnen's name was goocP for .'any
amount that her cousin might ¦' require.
Zella had kept up the reality of her own
position and personality by . correspon
dence .with' great care and skill. She
had | even gone down to Eastbourne once
to mail two letters thence | to Straker,
Love and Lorrimer: but. as Philip. .she
generally received Instructions by letter
direct, and as Philip she had sent Zella's
letters to her "dear cousin Phil" on to
Lorrlmer. One day Lorrimer asked her
what Miss __Brunnen would be likely to do
with the great wealth which been be
queathed her. As Philip she had replied
that really neither of them cared much
about money; it was quite possible that
Zella would hand the disposition of it over
to him (Philip), but of course he should
consult her in everything, and he should
not be at all surprised that she would de
vote a great deal of it to some' national
purpose. Taking this magnanimous view
of SJiss Brunnen's dealing with her great
fortune, Philip Grey had gone up tremen
dously Mn Lorrlmer's good opinion. In
deed, Lorrlmer had quite bored his Eisier
and one or two friends with his constant
references, to the young American; no
wonder America was the nation it was
when It could boast of such sons as Philip
Grey, who combined In his character all
the reverence that culture should have
for art and literature and antiquities of
the Old World with all that was : high
minded and progressive and young and
hopeful and ambitious in the New!'
"I should thinK so, you young. hass!"
he exclaimed, as he gathered himself and
his. load together.
tlons hot .. from the press; for Zella had
turned into one of the side streets
toward the Strand.
Zeila little knew what an Impression she
had made on Lorrimer. "What a hand
some youngster!" he had said to himself,
as he walked. from his office in the after
noon, for app of tf-a at his club and to
order dinner, and then to his chambers
in Whitehall Court. "If Miss Zella Briin
ncn is anything like Philip Grey she is all
poor Ned described her. And clever, too
by Jove! For a minute It seemed as If
I was cross-examining him in court; but
the rest of the time 1- felt as If he were
cross-examining me! Hang me,. If I ever
remember being so impressed with a
young fellow! -And he has Just a bit of
music in his American accent that one
notices In a cultivated Scotchman's soup
con of dialect; or one of our dear Irish
girl's touch of the brogue. His 'I guess'
was fairly musical. Well-dressed, too!
They say America Isn't great in tailoring,
but Poole couldn't have made a better
frockcoat, nor old Sandeman better fitting
breeches. Well.' -wo .-shall see if he im
proves on acquaintance."
Zella, having no idea that she had
mad* a good impression on Ned's dearest
friend, did not look ; forward to meeting
him again with any , great expectations
of relief from the gloom that was settling
down upon her, notwithstanding th«
glory of the London * streets ., and tho
pageantry of the park. Perhaps the very
brightness of the strange city.H blossom
ing into its annual season of fashion and
furbelows, of gayeties and social -.func
tions, of balls and parties, of plays and
? BBBBMBHMeiSMMHSBBI
But, oh, she was very lonely! The one
reed that she had looked to lean upon in
I/omlon broke at the first touch. If only
Ned's friend, Lorrimer, had said even a
few sympathetic nothings to her. It was
true he had unbent at last; it was true
she was going to dine with him; it was
true he had expressed an intention to be
kind to hor and show her some. hospital
ity; but, oh, she was pad and lonely! It
had even been a relief to sppak with the
coachman. She wondered if it had not
been better to have come as herself, Zellu
Brunnen. In that position she would as
suredly have 'commanded at least the
gentler attentions of Richard Lorrimer.
How disappointed bhe was in him! Not
in his appearance. He was not what
might be called handso'me; but he had
fine eyes, his manners were reflned, he
was evidently a gentleman.
DICK LORRIMER AND HIS GUEST.
CHAPTER XLIII.
"Her Majesty don't care for Buckln'em
Palace, but London loves her Just the
same."
Then Wellington on his horse and the
four typical warriors at the base of the
equestrian figure, recalling memories of
her father's oft-repeated saying, "Almost
the only people we ever fought were your
English mother's countrymen, and In
whom Prussia never had braver or truer
allies; a great people, the English." • • •
Oh, that he, or her mother or- Ned, or
some dear friend, were with her — even Mr.
Storey or Glencoe or Bridget— that she'
might have some one to "speak to, some
one with whom she might relieve, in
words, • the . deep emotions of her heart.
Sho seemed so lonely amidst tho great
and brilliant crowd. She had never imag
ined anything so imposing as Hyde
Park, with Its procession of carriages,
three or four abreast, and Its splendid ar
ray of horses, its superb toilets, its
handsome women, its gallant men and Its
multitude of gayly attired people on the
Fidcwalks, the brilliant array of sun
shades and parasols, backed by orna
mental trees in the first freshness of
spring leaves, and here and there great
patches of crocuses ana tulips. A new
world to Zella. • • • Presently, in obe
dience to an official hand, the autocrat of
the streets, there was a gradual suspen
sion of movement, a passage way was
made, a number of outriders cantered by;
then every hat was raised, and it seemed
to Zella as If every lady rose to her feet.
A carriage, drawn by four white horses
ridden by postillions, came along. An
elderly lady was bowing right and left,
with a young demoiselle hy her side and
on the opposite seat an officer In a bright
uniform. The elderly* lady was bowing
right and left, a pleasant smile lighting
up a benevolent face; It was her Majesty
the Queen of England, with the Princess
Beatrice and the Duke of Connaught.
Zella at once guessed it was the Queen,
and as her Majesty left the park she
heard the great burst of cheering that
greeted her at Hyde Park Corner and fol
lowed her on her way to Buckingham
palace, where, the coachman told her. the
Queen was to stay the night. "A great
event for London," he said.
In Pall Mall Zella met a squadron of
cavalry, marching to the strains of their
fine mounted band. Some special function
was being celebrated, she thought. Other
flags were flying from the club houses.
Her coachman had to pull up near St.
James Palace. More troops came swing
ing round into Pall Mall, from the Park.
The eight of the worn old historic pile,
the inspiring strains of the military band,
followed presently by the wild swirl of
the bagpipes and the tramp of a company
of Gordon Highlanders overcame her; she
had to mop her face with her handker
chief. • • • Her carriage now threaded
its way along St. James street: and It
seemed to her that the entire region was
peopled with ghosts of past days, ghosts
of buildings, ghosts of great events, ghosts
of famous people, ghosts of her mother's
ancestors, the dead, patient little woman
she Just remembered, with her sweet
English voice; the ghosts of Glover's for
bears, and the realities, too, of the Lon
don he was to reveal to her. Then round
Into Piccadilly, with scores of equipages,
beautiful women In gorgeous attire, pow
dered footmen, smart victorias, family
chariots with armorially decorated pan
els, and on the pavement a well-dressed,
throng of pedestrians. On one hand tho
Green Park, on the other a row of pal
aces.
And she was there, punctually; and with
considerably revised opinions of both Lor
rlmer and London from those he and the
great city had at first inspired. During
the day she had found her way to West
minster and the Thames embankment, to
Oliver Goldsmith's grave In the Temple,
to St. Paul's completing her experiences
in an open barouche, provided by the ho
tel, along the Mall and Piccadilly to the
Park. April was verging Into May. It
was nearing the height of the London
season. The sun shone warm on the gray
streets. Every other shop seemed to be
a goldsmith's, or to flash with silver,
when It was not bright with flowers or
gay with costly fabrics and pictures.
Here and there tho Stars and Stripes
flaunted high up against the blue sky,
making her heart beat the quicker. Oh,
If Ned Glover could have been by her
Fide! Sometimes she thought he was.
Once she was sure she heard his voice. It
was like a joyous whisper of content that
she should at last have seen his beautiful
London, from which Fleet street had ban
ished him, but to which he had meant to
return a conqueror, hand In hand ¦with the
loveliest woman in the world.
"I will be there," said Zella.
"Not at all; the kindness will be on your
side. The .Sheridan is close to Covent
Garden? But every cabman knows It.
Where nre you staying, may I ask?"
"At the Grand Hotel." said Zella.
"Only a walk to the Sheridan. Then,
I Ehall expect you?"
will dine with me to-ni«rht. Now. don't
Eay you are otherwise engaged. I have
so much to say to you and you must have
plenty to say to me. E.ght o'clock at the
Sheridan Club, eh?"
"Oh. thank you," said Zella, "yon are
very kind."
players, of picture exhibitions, of royal
levees, and the time for debutantes and
society, weddings and aristocratic high-
Jinks, had got upon her nerve3. She had
never before felt so solitary. The lake of
Chicago, miles and miles* away from
shore, the woods of Platts Valley, silent
as the grave, had never once seemed lone
ly; nor had the great prairie over which
she had. roamed, beyond Chicago's
furthest outposts; nor the vast wastes
she remembered, when a girl, on the
skirts of the frontier, made* a solitude to
her so profound as London, with all Its
hum of voices, the thunder of its streets
and the multitudes of its people.
"We don't treat strangers as hospitably
In our clubs. as you do in America," said
Lorrimer, when they had adjourned to
the 6moking-room of the Sheridan. "You
give us the run of your entire house; we
set apart , special rooms for you — 'strang
ers' rooms' ¦ we call them— and we treat
you as strangers. It Is a' survival of an
old custom of clubs, like a bit of the Brit
ish constitution; it seems ; to work fairly
well, ¦ however. We are a ; conservative
people and an exclusive."
"I don't know much of club life," said
Zella; "your rooms seem, to me to be
very charming; I have never seen any
so crowded with pictures; and, I may
say, without, I hope, offense, ' that the
dinner was excellent, the fish remarkable,
the poufflet perfect. I am not sure that
It Is what you call the right thing for a
guest to comment on his entertainment."
"Oh! yes, quite the correct thing, I as
sure you," said Lorrlmer, ¦with a laugh.
"And now what will you take with your
coffee? Benedictine, chartreuse,-kum
mel?"
"A little benedlctlne, thank you," said
Zella, taking out her cigarette case.
"Won't you smoke a. cigar?"
"No, thank you. I am not a great
smoker, and I generally carry my own
mild cigarettes."
"Well, as you please. May I Join "you?
A cigarette is a. good preliminary to a
cigar."
.Zella passed ¦ her case, and Lorrimer
commended tli3 flavor of the tobacco*
"Few strangers dining to-night," he
said. " and they all appear to be going
to the opera— a Pattl night. We might
have gone, but I thought we would have
a quiet chat. And we are in the way of
it; evidently got the emoking room to our
selves. I hope Miss Brunnen Is better?"
"Yes, thank you. She seems to feel
lonely; I suppose one does in a strange
city, where one has no friends."
"But she shall make friends. My sister
shall call upon her. My sister's a 'rare
gossip; knows everybody worth knowing;
a regular gadabout, but as good a crea
ture as ever lived. Single, like myself;
but the liveliest old / maid Imaginable.
Could have married a dozen times; Is only
forty now, and looks ' twenty. I am sure
Miss Brunnen will like her; and you, too.
Oh! we'lj soon surround both of you with
friends."
Zella was amazed at the change In Lor
rimer—"Dick," as .one or two clubmen
called him, men who were entertaining
strangers.' He was full of high spirits;
natural, unstrained; and his laugh was
fairly catching. With Lorrlmer's exuber
ance Zella'? spirits rose, and she detected,
fcr the first time, something of the brogue
he' had himself spoken of In his speech,
lie was an Irishman, who knew nothing
of Ireland; had nfcver set foot In It since
he left It as a lad, and, was never sus
pectod of his nationality. He was not
ashamed of it; but be was at heart a Lon
doner, by Instinct and habits a very Cock
ney: knew I^ondon Inside out, and could
quote you almost avery poetic tribute the
Muses had ever paid to it.
"You are not a marrying family, then?"
said Zella; so like a. woman to take hold
of this casually dropped word about mar
riage.
"My youngest sister Is married, and I
have a brother living happily in that
pleasant state. As for myself, well, I
have never seen my fate. You haven't a
sister, eh?"
"No. Why?"
"Life is full of surprises. I shouldn't
have wondered that, if you had a sister,
she might have influenced my destiny,"
and he laughed heartily at the notion.
"That confirmed old bachelor, Richard
Lorrimcr," he said, "to Miss Emily or
Elmlra. or Jane, or whatever it might be.
Grey, at St. George's, Hanover Square;
no cards! Sounds interesting, eh?"
"Then I may conclude you do not dis
approve ( of Philip Grey? And I thought
you hated me this morning." --.¦ *r'
"Was I so horribly brutal? They tell
me I am low, In business; positively low,
don't you know!" And he fixed his eye
glass at Zella; not defiantly, but with a
kind of apologetic meekness.
"You have made up for It since, Mr.
Lorrlmer. And I am much indebted to
you; for I was very, lonely and depressed
when I came here to dinner."
"Were you, now? And it was my fault.
I must really try and # correct that Infernal
professional habit of mine."
Ho dropped his glass, almost indignant
ly, and turned to light a cigar.
"Oh! no; you are not to blame In tha
least. I felt lonely, that is all; 1 ] and — -"
"Oh! by-the way," he said t suddenly,
"that comes of separating one's self so
entirely from business when one leaves
it; I had forgotten a most important
thing. I positively believe, sometimes,
my dear Mr. Giey, that I am two per
sons—one a 'confounded martinet in tho
bonds of red tape,' and the, other a
thoughtless; Idiot. I make.lt a rule never
to talk shop when I'm out/of it; but there
are exceptions to every rule. Here's a
cable I received only an hour ago. My
friend. Straker, considered It of sufficient
Importance to send It- to- my chambers,
with instructions that if I was not , at
home it was to be sent to the .club.VVl
thrust it into my pocket. .And here it is,
by Jove! Can Miss Brunnen - stand a
shock? Not a disagreeable one, mind
you; but a shock, nevertheless?" '
"I guess she's Just about as nervous as
I am. What is; it?", said Zella. ,
"Shall I read it?" asked Lorrlmer.' un
folding a cable jnessage. <. "It's great
news; but Joy hurts, as well as pain.' they
say. And I suspect : you will feel very
elated, though you are only her; couslni"
TyeeWRlT-5R. V-5RSU.S THE P5N.
that a policeman had not told her and
with a courtesy that, compared with Chi
cago and -New -York, ' was . as if London
policemen had been trained 'In : a school
'of 'good manners. On that nlgBt when,
loslng'her fear, she stood for a few min
utes at. Piccadilly Circus after an even
ing at the theater she had heard young
men chaff policeman to such an extent
that shf> had expected every moment to
see them beaten to death. If they had
said one tithe of what they said to Lon
don officers to New York or Chicago men
they would first have been clubbed into
insensibility and then dragged to the near
est police station.
Downing street, the official residence of
the great' Minister, was easy to find,
though 'It did 'not convey to Zella's mind
anything like the Arabian Nights' scene
Ned had depicted. It Is. true she had only
the exterior of the place to go by, but the
broad street .that -led. to- It, the imposing
sentinels of the Horse Guards, the For
eign Ofllce on the right, the sad, sad win
dow on the left, where the poor, foolish
King had stepped out to the headsman,
the Abbey beyond, the, palace of Parlia
ment, the historic Thames, Westminster
bridge, the view up and down the river,
the bright blue sky, the happy faces of
the people, the, enormous traffic — it was
far beyond anything Ned Glover had
promised her. She held her course hither
and thither h's one In a dream or as one
who had died and had arrived in another
world. Oh. If that might have been and
Nod was there. • ? ? She walked along
the Thames embankment, and paused by
the Obelisk to say to herself In very con
ventional commonplace words, "What
does it matter? It all comes to naught.
By comparison one's life Is no more than
a butterfly's; just a passing day, and then
you are forgotten.** • •_ But how 'much
happiness may be compressed into one
day; if not for one's self for others.
• • • What shall I do with that money
of Dexter's? • • • First, with Its magic
wand convert Parksldo Into a palace and
Bridget Into the queen thereof, with Old
Glencoe,. Mrs. Ferguson and the Senator
for Kentucky as. princely guests. Poor
Bridget! She can have but few more years
to live; but they shall be happy years If
money Is the talisman they say. but
which I take leave to' doubt. . • • , • ¦ And
then We'li see what Mr. Storey lacks to
make the Mall the Journal of his high
est ambition; nnd how]to make Joe Wil
liams happy, in spite'of his being out of
the way when moat I required him for
the Women's Athletic Club, • • ? And
theti, oh. . for Old Prudent's Gulch, the
Valley, and Blind Man's Drift and the
Ridge! • •, .*; Mr. Storey shall advise
me. We'll make, the three camps and Old
Prudent's Gulch a city, one and the same,
and : we'll v call lt-Jfa'hat shall we call; it?
Gloverstown? Or ' Edwlnstown. • * •
It_ shall ; be put to lho- vote. Dahkes/ and
Captain Dan, and/Dave and Storey shall
decide, and Old Glencoe shall have a voice
in It, and he shall go along with the bosses
and advisers, and thq ' engineers and the
lawyers, when I make my re-entryi into
Colorado as ZellaBrunnen!". 1
\ "Hello! -Where- the/blazes are you a-
Ehovin' lo?" exclaimed a f volce from the
real world which isne; had forgotten.' *
¦. ; '"I/beg your- pardon," she said;.* with
a startled glance at the man she had run
Into, staggering under a load of-publica-
tomers sufficient to keep such warehouses
going! And the book shops, the picture
galleries, the collections of bric-a-brac-^ln
short, the engrossing things that were to
be seen for nothing; the' British 'Museum",
that made her head ache; South Kensing
ton., that made her legs ache, and slums
that made her heart ache.- .
What' a strange, contradictory town, It
was! She walked about Fleet street, won
dering from which newspaper office Ned
Glover had been discharged. Sho asked a
policeman_to direct „ her to the Daily
Times; but there was the Times, and with
his guidance she eventually found her way
to. Printing House square. - The Times!
There it was! It looked just the kind of
hard and matter-of-fact building that
would inclose the sort of editor who drove
Ned out into the world beyond, the sea.
Then she remembered that but for the
Times discipline she, would never have
known the English journalist. 1 Would It
have been better never to have, known
him than" to love him and to lose him as
she had lost him— and at the handa of an
infamous countryman ' of her own? One
night: she heard the bells of St. Clement
Danes. She asked a policeman. Never
once had ehe wanted to know anything
"Please read it," said Zella.
"Hlldyards, Chicago, to Straker, ¦' Love
and Lorrimer. Acquaint Zella Brunnen
with the fact that Dexter has bequeathed
to her: one-half of his real and personal
estate, which is expected to realize not
less than ten million dollars." ,
CHAPTER XLIV.
"THE MYSTIC DOMINION OF
> CLOTHES. -
Zella found It more and more>mbar
rasslng to maintain her disguise. ;> She
carried it off well enough. No one ever
for a moment suspected her.. If her mas
culine coura&e and physique had been put
to, the test we know how*well she could
have acquitted herself. But behind her
mask there was a true woman. If she
.wore her breeches with a' manly air she
could wear her petticoat with a finer
grace. Her womanly instincts, let alone
her, conscience, began tto trouble her. .
> . There was reason and courag-e and even
nobility In her masculine- armor, when
It was donned for love of Ned Glover and
justice to his memory; but what would
he have thought of her . masquerading
about London as Philip Grey? This re
flection haunted her. She began to de
spise herself, all the more so that she had
to' confess she was enjoying her wander-
Ings" about the great town. The shops
were a perpetual wonder to her. Now and
then, as a young man, she found herself
taking an undue interest in the drapers'
and • millinery , stores. Then she blushed
and hurried on, as if she had betrayed
herself. The jewelry stores amazedand
delighted her. Where ciould all the v/on
derful and beautiful things come . from?
What a rich country it must be, with cus-
"I don't quite know 'how' I feel " sail
Lorrimer. "I am . a . bachelor, gentlemen
and with; no Inteniicn of ever changing
that independent state; but only the other
evening I said to Philip Grey, as much In
earnest as in jest, that If he had a slater
"A woman, by all that's wonderful!"
exclaimed Lorrlrner, his face flushed, his
eyeglass dangling at the back of his neck;
his hands shaking, as he laid the paper
down. "A woman! .What an ass I have
been! . And 1 had got to like the young
ster. Have you seen Philip Grey— I mean
Miss Brunnen as Philip" Grey?"
"No !* V they both exclaimed.
; VThen . you may . not think me such an
ass as I feel myself to be,". t
"It may^well make you feel wild." said
Williams. "I _ should want to kick my.
self: If I'd been done to: that extent."
"Like the cheap theaters up In the East
End there. I must; take you to" one.
Tragedy first, comic piece to follow.
Poor Glover! What a treasure he lost."
"By Jupiter! What a time he's having!"
said Storey. "It's as good a3 a play;
just only look at him. . 'Philip Grey In
daily correspondence with Zella!' Great
Scott,' what a comedy, eh?"
"More show than use. I guess," said
Williams. "Gives a feller time to think;
takes off his opponent's attention."
"Don't eeem to want his old pane of
glass to lead by," remarked* Storey, In a
whisper.
He stood poring over the paper, intense
ly engrossed, for nearly half an hour.
His face was a study. Both Williams and
Storey turned from the window to watch
It.
He directed Lorrlmer's attention to a
heavily headlined half-page of the paper,
and Lorrimer read^ "THE ROMANCE
OP PLATTS VALLEY— Vengeance is
mine, sal th the American Girl — The Mur
derer of Edwin Glover Brought to Book
—ZELLA BRUNNEN, the Lady Athlete,
IN MALE ATTIRE— A Heroine in
Breeches— Duel to the Death with Bow
ies— History of the Long and Deadly
Knife— Tributes of Admiration from the
Camps— CAPTAIN DAN and OLD PRU
DENT—ZELLA BRUNNEN'S Leave
takings-Sails for Europe— How the
Camps Promised to Keep Her SECRET;
How an Enterprising Reporter Rooted It
Out— Good Luck to Zella. and a Safe Re
turn!"
"Look here, Mr.. lorrlmer," said Storey,
pulling out a Denver newspaper from his
coat pocket; "Just throw ;your eye over
that, while we survey Bedford row from
your window." 5699
"Mr. Storey Is not given to fits of this
kind, I assure you," said Williams, "and
my profession Is almost as serious as
your own; so you may conclude there Is
a Joke lying around somewhere," said
Williams.
"Forgive our seeming rudeness, Mr.
Lorrlmer. Don't get mad, sir." said Stor*
cy, sitting* down and fairly shaking with
laughter.
"Really, gentlemen," he said, "If there
is a Joke going I may be glad to partici
pate In your mirth, if I am permitted to
share your secret?"
"Really! Is he, indeed?" said Storey,
unable to control his laughter. "Her
cousin, Mr. Philip Grey, is In dally corre
spondence with her." eh. Joe?"
He turned his beaming face to the de
tective, and they both laughed heartily.
Lorrimer. his glass glued to his eye. con
templated them with anything but an ap
proving expression.
"I have seen letters from her; and her
cousin. Mr. Philip Grey, is In daily com
munication with her."
"Excuse me," said Storey, "If I seem to
be too curious, but how do you know she
is at Eastbourne?"
"And Mr. Storey never had a . more
promising recruit from your side the fer
ry, sir. Would have made a great pobl
tion. if-but. Lord, life is full of if s!—
what's the kooU of speculating on what
might have been! No use in grumbling
over the past. No time, either, with" the
call of tne futurer constantly ringing in
yur ears! • • . • Well. now. Mr. Lor
rlmer. we. are anxious to see Miss Brun
nen.. I suppose you know that I am one
or the trustees under Edwin Glover's wlH.
and that I have interests In connection
with Dexter's will that Jump somewhat
with her own: but, apart from all this, I
would eay that I and my wife, Mrs.
Storey, have a deep and affectionate re
gard for the girl."
"Part of which I know, sir: and all of
which interests me," said Lorriraer.
"And where is Miss Brunnen, may I
ask?" said Storey.
"At Eastbourne, I believe," Lorrlmer re
plied.
"At Eastbourne, eh? And when, ilr,
dld'you see her last?"
"I have not seen her at alL"
"Not seen her!" exclaimed Storey and
Williams together.
They were a remarkable pair, as the
reader well knows. Storey and Williams:
Story, long, bony, angular, but with a
fine head and a strong, frank face; Wil
liams, dapper, smart, alert and "dressy"
—"decidedly dressy"— as Story had com
mented, when they met. accidentally at
the Langham, Storey just arrived from
Chicago and Williams from Vienna. Dur
ing hia absence he had been appointed to
Washington, and Storey had been,
furthermore, glad to learn that the case
wnich had called him away from America
had come to a satisfactory conclusion,
giving Williams both kudos and money.
They had very surprising stories to tell
each other, and they were now about to
very much astonish the popular Junior
partner of Straker, Love and Lorrimer.
"Often heard of you, from my dear
frienu, Glover," said Williams. "Seems
like a message' from the dead to present
his card to you and his few words of In
troduction." i \
"Indeed, it does." said Lorrlmer. "Ha
mentioned you to me In one of the very
few letters I received from him."
"He had no better friend that Mr.
Storey," said Williams.
Lorrimer put out his hand and wel
comed his visitors with unusual geniality,
though he staggered Storey for a moment
with a critical survey through his mon
ocle.
"I am Storey," said, the Chicago Jour
nalist, "and this Is my friend, Mr. Wil
liams, the head of the Secret Service De
partment of Washington, recently ap
pointed from Chicago." .
"Good morning, gentlemen." eald LorTl
mer, going forward to meet them, with
more of the manner of "Dick" than of
Richard Lorrimer. "1 am glad to aeo
you."
, "Indeed; Is that bo? Well, well.' •how
them in," said Lorrlmer, not attempting
to conceal his surprise.
"Yes, sir, 1 * bald toe porter, who re
turned almost Immediately, ushering in,
with much ceremony, the American detec
tive, and the editor-proprietor of the Chi
cago Daily Mail.
He had left his chair, and walked about
the room as he soliloquized, and would
evidently have gone on neglecting his
business ever so long, but for the return
of his clerk with the transcript of his let
ter to. Philip Grey. He read It over.
signed It. placed it, with the letters and
telegrams to which it referred, in a large
envelope, which he directed and sealed.
"By messenger, at once, to Mr. Philip
Grey. Grand Hotel," he said, handing It
to his clerk, "and wait for an answer."
As the clerk left the room the liveried
porter, who seemed to have caught the
lively spirit of the morning, entered with
an elastic step and head erect to an
nounce. 'Two gentlemen, without an ap
pointment, but must see you, they say; ail
the way from Chicago for that purpose-
Mr. Amos V. Storey and Mr. Joseph Will
iams, and Mr. Williams has an Introduc
tion to you from the late Mr. Edwin Glo
ver."
For the moment Lorrlmer was quite ob
livious of the presence of Storey and
Williams. They had been too much taken
aback by the appearance of Zella, and
the perfectly calm and gracious way in
which sho had received them — "like a
queen In her own right," aa Storey re
marked afterward— that they "gave th«
London lawyer the floor." as Williams ob
served. And Ix>rrimer made the best of
his opportunity.
"Whatever your feelings may be. Miss
Zella, In regard to that rash, and per
haps unpardonable, declaration, don't dis
miss me; let me help you. I will devoto
my life to your Interests, and never again
annoy you with any reference to my ad
miration for your person, or "
"Speak of It some other time, Mr. Lor
rimer." Bhe said, lnterruptln? him— "a
year hence, perhaps. I am not angry; I
am proud of your good opinion."
Then, turning: to her other visitors sha
saJd. "Arid now. Mr. Storey, and dear Mr 8
Williams, though you w fe r© not on hand
when I wanted you badly "
"Which will remain tho one deep re
gret of my life." said Williams
"Do you think Chicago will forgive me?"
"Chicago will raise a statuo to you "
said Storey. "But it was too bad to dis
appoint us; we wanted to be Introduced
to Mr. Philip Grey. How did you know
your secret had been annexed by that all.
tired Denver reporter?"
"I had wired nay address to Solomon
Dankes, and last night I received a letter
from him. denouncing that truthful his
torian, but at the same time sending ma
the report, which, under the circum
stances, the dear old fellow says, wa3 not
so bad. and gave me wnat Platts Valley
considered to be a gcod send-off, though
unauthorized, and in regard to •which they
await my instructions."
"Bo merciful, as you are powerful •*
said Storey.
"And when do we return home?" asked
Zella.
"Whenever you please." Storey replied
"With you and Mr. Williams, as my «sl
cort?"
"Why. certainly." said .Williams.
"I have Important business In America *•
said Lorrimer. "Won't you permit me to
be one of the company?"
"Oh. yes. certainly; by all means." Zella
replied. "What do you say. Mr. Storey?"
"Whatever you say,' my child."
"Then all go away, and pack. I am dy
ing to see Tarkslde and dear. old Bridget
once more, and longing to begin the
transformation of Platts Valley and Blind
Man's Drift."
THE END."
As they entered a handsome and stately
lady came forward to receive them.
There was nothing of the Amazon In her
appearance. As In her beautiful face, so
In her dress, there was a note of serious
ness. Her (town -was of white crep« da
chine; a trailing gown, that at the sama
time set rather clo3e to her graceful
figure. It was white, with a white fichu.
edged with black velvet ribbon. At her
walstbelt she wore a bouquet of violets,
and around her neck a black band with a
diamond pendant. Her wealth of hair was
tied up In a knot, hlsh upon her head.
The general effect of her appearance was
that of a young lady of distinction, whose
beauty needed jio artificial aids. Storey,
for a moment, hardly knew the hand-mmj
young woman of Parkslde, and Lorrlmer
and the other visitors were each equally
amazed.
Taking them all Into one welcoming.
but surprised survey, Zella exclaimed, her
face wreathed In smiles, "Why, Mr.
Storey! And Mr. Williams! Well, this la
delightful. I am real glad to see you!
She took both their hands ar.d shook;
them heartily.
They said nothing:: but looked around
at Lorrimer.
"Mr. Lorrlmer. I guess I don't know
whether to be glad to see you or not,"
she said. "I fear you will never forgive
me; Indeed. I can hardly forgive myself."
"Miss Zella Brunnen." said Lorrlmer.
"there's nothing In the wide world I could
r.ot forgive you! You well nigh made a
willing slave of me aa Philip Grey; but
as Zella Brunnen! Well, there. I don't
know what to say to you!"
"Only say you don't despise me, Jlr.
Lorrimer." said Zella, putting out her
hand, her lip trembling as she spoke.
"Despise you!" he exclaimed, pressing
his lips to her hand. "I admire you be
yond all women— X love you."
as good-looking as himself and as pleas
ant and companionable, the fact might
possibly have a 'serious Influence on my
destiny."
"My dear sir," said Storey. "th« girl
.couldn't help b«ing lovely, whatever char
acter she might assume. If MI33 Brunnen
is In Eastbourne, whera is Mr. Philip
Grey?"
"At tho Grand Hotel," said Lorrlmer.
"I have only just sent some letters and
cables, to him— er— I mean, to her. Mv
dear sirs, both of you. I beg you won't
talk about this; I mean, so far aa I am
concerned; I shall be the laughing-stock
of the town."
"That goes. Mr. Lorrimer. And I don't
know as It would be good for Zella *o
have It known In Chicago she carried h^r
masquerade further than her splendid act
of love and vengeance."
"I assure you. gentlemen, she — er— ha
has been most circumspect, delicate and
discreet"
"Why, of coarse," said Storey. "Not a
better girl lives, not a more reflned— for
an Amazon; eh. JoeT*
"That's so; but, as you say, an Amazon
after all. And I speak from practical
knowledge."
"Come along. Mr. Lorrimer. What do
you Bay? Will you Join us? I propose to
ro •traiffhtway to the Grand Hotel."
"Do you think we ought to go without
letting Mr. Grey — er»— I mean, the lady —
know of our Intention to call?"
•Why, certainly! Do you think we
should find her otherwise?"
"ICo, sir; no warning- "TC> are her
friends, and I have the dignity of belns
one of her trustees. Can't we call a cab?"'
A cab was called, and straightway, aa
Mr. Storey had proposed, they went to
the Grand.
"Mr. Philip Grey." *ald Lorrlmer at the
desk. "Is he in?"
"Mr. Philip. Grey left the hotel late last
night." said tho clerk.
"Left!" exclaimed Storey. "Where for?"
"Eastbourne. Beg pardon, but la one of
you gentlemen named Mr. Joseph Wil
liams?"
"Yes. Why?" William* replied.
"You telegraphed here from Paris?"
"Yes. sir: and Mr. Grey was at the desk
talking to the clerk when your measago
came, and he said he knew you and that
you would probably call upon him: and
that If you did so. whether he was In or
out, you should b« shown to his slttlns
room."
"Then he has not given up his rooma?"
"No; h» has been expecting his cousin
to occupy them. But please to bo up.
Boy!"
"Yes. sir."
"Show these gentlemen to Mr. Grey's
room." ". •;',
And away they went to the elevator.
less jubilant than before, but more pu*
zled.
"The blrd'a flown." tiald. Storey;- "all*
through you, you dude! Why couldn't
you have wired to every other hotel ex
cept the Grand?"
"I have stayed here several times.**
"Confound you!" saia Storey.
The boy knocked at the door.
"Come!" said a voice from within.
The boy opened the door and stood
aside. \ The three visitors, each pushing
with a certain timidity to give the other
first place, stepped In.
THE SUNDAY CALL;
«rs ANY literary men, scientists/ phy--
//\//\ siclans and others-.whoso profes-
11 )L\ slons Involve 'a*large' amount of
il \> ,"° n.? *~ -'^ •¦*'£, IT ¦ found ••'
writing, and who have, found,
really competent amanuenses .too rexpen—
Blve', haveiturned to the typewriter to af
ford them relief from the irksome labor of \
uslng the pen; continuously.] for^ long-pe- 5
Hod? in v Knrnn " oncrpntlonal eases »hp-
M°r™i I J ?5it aJ}l~? w !h! ¦
change has proved satisfactory, but the -
great. majority find; that! even * after." they
have acquired t considerable < proficiency; In -
the operation of; the their ideas /
flow far less" -'readily- than when" they
wrTte their^d T aSstwried^ay^
?r lnelrola > ac^ u stoniea «?*•;¦,
Various 'explanations; have been offered
for this curious phenomenon, chief among
them being that \ persons accustomed to i
peeing before: them -what they; have" writ-
ten are at sea. to- somo • extent when "do
' rLa^ e n^^hhir«n™?nt^e S^^^v
fho mnnotonm,^^
as ii™nSM^rltinr n? of thek ***;****::
the same difficulty has been experienced, ¦;¦
f-nd[ T a \, > a. recent! conference of physicians'.
l n '*IaJ Ie l ne '• matter was *; made : sub:;:
iect ot exhaustive: discussion.'- Many:rea-.,
sons were advanoed similar toithose^al-C
ready., mentioned,- and -particular - stress
was laid on:the difficulty of readily mak- • "
In K necessary elisions,'insertions and cor-
5 e -Sl io"e- "S ' ¦ •¦""" '^,. ' „ ' ; ' ,
. cse > nowever» are, after all, -merely •
mecnan!cal drawbacks/ which, it would,
seem; might? be readily: overcome .with
practice, as' they, do not necessarily; affect r
* nft \ flow; of ¦ thought.'•'.- The \ true •« reason V
Sff™?. to = lie .deeper, and fs probably; sup-
Pued 'by; the i theory, advanced by Dr. See-,
llgmuller who has evidently made a pro-;
found study;of the subject.' ' <> --..;,
According; to ; his • idea, as • each half i of
the body,, is controlled; by.'the Uobe of;the
brainon- the opposite side, the right hand-
;l»c,ont. ro?led hy .I*." 6 " left-- hemisphere of ¦
I her brain. In writing with a pen,'the left .
h»nd remains at rtst.' thus;only .the,left -
In addition, to controlling the? mere me- ;
ing appears to be in that side of the brain
and, through early,- training and constant
practice * the < part of • theinervous system
thus called Into play has been brought
to "perform these co-ordinate functions
very Bmoothlv. , ;, ; :
•"•;Now,- In operating a typewriter.Hhe left
hand also;comes into;use and this Is ac
tua ted. from-the I right: side: of * the brain.
Consequently, .as • we are 'accustomed to
using only the left side of the brain while
writing, the thoughts there engendered
must ;be transferred ¦ to'- lta i right Bide In
order that; the nerves; controlling' the left
hand^may j be actuated. .For.; this pur
pose,' it is true, there : are. certain con
necting nerves in'thebraln.but as these
are used'veryilittle they^do not perform
their functions - readily and the result is
elowness or difficulty in composition
uThis ~ explanation 'chimesTin with the
fact that young persons who ' have : not
used tho pen much-find It more 'easy to
:compose on the typewriter,than older per
is absolutely, neceasary to make handwrit-
SCIENTISTS SHY COMPOSITION IS VERY MUCH
EASIER WITFt: Tf-HE LATTER.
"Hut that Is not our business at the mo
ir.ont. What have you to say to me, Mr.
Grey?"
"I guess I was expecting that j-oj
¦would have something to say to me," Zel
la re plir i. looking him squarely In the
face. "You received my cousin's letter
from New York?"
"AccrcdltU.jr you. as her representative;
yes. '
"Have you, may I ask, received any
telegrams from Chicago?"
This was a speculative shot of Zell&'s
en the strength of several cables that
wore docketed among Lorrimen's bundle
of papers.
"Vos," he said, turning 1 over the mes-
Hpes which Zella had noticed, and ex
amining them by the aid of his glass.
"One from Storey, Dally Mail, -one from
Bridget O'Hagan, one from Hlldyards.
Mifp Brunnen's Chicago lawyers: each
more or Ies3 urgent, all asking: my firm
If they had seen or heard from Miss
iirunncn."
"Zc!!a In Just a little erratic. Anxious
to be free for awhile she delayed her
journey; but this morning she cabled to
them full particulars of her arrival in
London and requested them to address
any messages or letters to her to your
care."
"In town, is she?"
"Ye?: In London."
"Came over with you?"
"She couldn't come •without me."
"Indeed'." said Lorrlmer, contemplating
Tier, glass In eye. with a puzzled expres
sion. "Then t=he was actually on board
the rmhria when Dexter, the millionaire,
committed suicide?"
"Here is the passenger list."
Lorrimcr took the paper from her and
examined it as if it might have been a
document in evidence that he would pres
ently hand up to the bench.
"Don't eea the name of Philip Grey," he
paid: which for a moment flurried Zella,
who began to think he suspected her.
"Here is a corrected list," she said,
handing him the second roll of passen
gers.
"Grey— and no Brunnen. But why these
trilling details, Mr. Grey?" ' <:.
"Just what I was asking myself," Zella
rer>'ip<l.
"Keg pardon," said Lorrlmer, as If ad
dressing the other Fide. "I suppose I
Khali see Miss Brunnen shortly; to-mor
row, say?"
"At present she is not quite well; rather
dif.-mpointcd with London, I think "
"Nias.ira has disappointed some travel
ers. I believe."
"So I am told," paid Zella. with a touch
of asperity in her manner. "My cousin
may po to Eastbourne or Bournemouth
lor a few days; she is advised that the
charge will be good for her."
"She is well advised no doubt And
now, what can I do for you. Mr. Grey?
Or for MIps Brunnen between now and
the day when she honors me with a call?"
Zellr. felt It was time to establish tho
Vona-fldes of Philip Grey in such a way as
to entirely win the lawyer's confidence. .
"My cousin," she said, taking from her
breast pocket a bundle of papers, "has
intrusted mo with the documents at pres
ort In her possession rtlatinsr to poor Mr.
Clover's will and his partnership with
Solomcn Dar.kes, together with certain
bonds and scrip in Platts Valley mines,
a;id a note for twenty thousand dollars,
which I hive deposited for her this mom
ins with Drexell, Morgan & Co."
"I appreciate Miss Brunnen'a confluence
In my firm." said "Lorrlmer. opening an
iron rate and placing the documents
therein.
"Miss Brunnen has the very highest
opinion of you and your firm, sir."
"We Fhall strive to Justify her good
opinion. Mr. Grey." he said, locking tha
pafe. leaving his table desk and passing
round to the side of the room where sh*
was Kitting. "And I think that brines
our bufiness interview to an end."
"I think so," said Zolla, a cold chill at
her heart as she rose to take her leave.
"Don't po for a minute, please." said
Lorrimor in another ton« of voice and
with a genial manner that surprised her.
"In the first place let us shake hands " "
She put out her hand in a perfunctory
kind of manner. He pressed it cordially
Welcome to London! It is your flr*«t
visit. I understand. As a stranger and tho
cousin of my interestsne client I shall
hope to show you some little hospitality
I have been twice in America and never
lose an opportunity of showing my grati
tude to your people for their kindness to
me by returning some cf it to any Ameri
can who may bring me an introduction.
Moreover, we have other ties, Mr Grey
On« of the best fellows that ever lived*
engaged to be married to your cousin*
was a dear friend ot mine. His death
touched me deeply."
Zella lowered her eyes. Lorrlmer
walked about tho room.
"She must be a wonderful creature, this
Zrlla Brunnen, "ho continued; "a beauty
abnormally clever, a linguist, an athlete*
with a romantic career: her father a
great Koldler— I am Quoting Glover's let
ters: The poor fellow was madly in love
with her; yet he never told me that she
was a typewriting girl In Dexter's office."
"That lowers her very much In your
estimation, 1 suppose T' said Zella. sum
moning all her presence of mind and men
tal resource under the pressure of other
feelings than her remark indicated, which
were awakened by Lerrtmer's references
to Glover's love for her.
"Not at all, I assuixj you." said Lorri
mer. "In London It would have ruined
her social status; In America you take
a higher and better view of social worth
and the career 6f a clever woman. But
there. Mr. Grey. I must not keep you
row. nor must you keep me. I have sev
eral clients waiting to see me. A both
ering and exciting business, you know,
law. whether one Is English or "Ameri
can; but I want you to promise thai ycu
"Odd, when he appeared to have told
rifi everything else about her. Rather a
remarkable young person?"
"Yes."
"Yes."
"Ve«."
-No?"
IN MALE ATTIRE
6the Var.dhPrbilks 'II wake up and folnd
thimsel's not in id at »»1, at all, Mrs. Mc-
Glaggerty. He uxpecrs to be a millynaire
an' havo.all the cigaroots he wants to
shmoke, an' go to the eerku3 twolct a
day. an' wear yally shoes an' yochtluq
caps all the year, around; In fact, to do
nr.nythin' an' uvrythin' that money kin
buy tir riches command, an' laid a lolf*
that'll be wan oontliivubl round av.. J'y.%
An' how d'ye think he manes to do id,
Mr«. McGlaggcrty? J'e bettin' an tht
harse races. He haves llorris Pa-ark an'
Sheepshead Bay an the brain, so he ha3,
an* he kicks in his sleep loike a crazy, man
roidln' a caar horse In front av a mad
bull. He's dhralmln* that he's a Jackey
an tap av.Ethelbairt ir Imp. an' the way,
he cuts up is a caution, to the cats. It'3 ,
a pud thing he shleeps an the flyure. for
Ccd knows he kick a bedahtcad to
pieces the way he fling* his shanks/about.
"But that'd malte'no deff rine<v Mrs. Me-
Glasgerty, aff he'd only lave his poor
owlfl mother, ar.d har few "little 'pinnies
alone. Here he cums In to.meyistherda.',
an' ' 'Mudder,' ecz'ho— lie always calls ina
C 5 ID ye see Tammr. that b'y av
1 jj moir.e. aroun<J auyfwh<Te this
Jl — y mawrnln". Mrs. McGlaggcr
ty?" the widow Inquired ar.x
icuf'.y."
"No, ma'am. I did r.ot. Mrs. Magoogin,"
the neighbor repJ'-ed.
"Turra! Yurra'. Turra! But fwherc Is
he. I dunro?"
"An* for fwhy are yc so put out about
h'.rr.? Is he lost?"
"That's fwhat I'm afeert av. Mrs. Me-
Clagg»r!y," said th« widow, wiping her
eyes with the tack of Iier hand: "Me wint
out lasht noight afore his supper an* I
haven't Bet eyes nn him since. Howld an
a bit an' 1*11 tell ye how it'happint. Mrs.
McGlaggerty. Tammy, d'ye moind. has
a great oldaya that Ivj's cut out to be a
big foinar.perr. an' ho sex hlnrsei' that
fcoznc av these folne days Russell Sage an'
sex he. *A fwhat?' sea I. 'A soobway
stlnch.' sez he. 'An' sure an' f what's that.
Tammy, alanna?' ¦ ses 1. "A dead suro
thing,! »ei he. ¦ 'Is it work ye're talk!n"
abcut, agrah?' sez I. 'Naw,' sez he, /It's
the race*. I have a sthralght tip that
Bluddy Bones, the fciiiest harss on the
toorf, 'ill win the fu3ht race.' sez he. 'An*
fwhat av that?* scz I. 'Oh. aff I only haJ
a couple av dollars,' sez he. 'Ol'd make
a hundhrt sure as shootin".' sez he. 'How
is that, me bucko?* sea I. 'Qi'd bet It on
Bluddy Bones at to 1. an' he'll win In
a walk or Ol'll shprlnkle powdhered sugar
en the top av me hat.' dez he. 'an' ate id,'
sez he. Begorry. he 1 talked so nolce an*
plausible loike that I sev him the 12. un"
ashe wint.out I towit him not to conra
back wldout id or the hundhert as ha
vallyd his lolfe. WVsll. fwhat Co you
ithlnk. Mrs. ilcGlasssriV; ha feein nous
wldout a pinny an* tnrcted to give mi
some shtiff or other about Bluddy Bocc?
beln' toled to a posht ur" r.ot gettia* a
praper shtart. "Fwhere's me two dollars.*
sez I. *I losht it,' ses he. Wld that I up
an' hit him in the nick" wld the shtora
ltftber an' he rcn from the house bellow
in' loike a shtuck p!c. 1 haven't seen him
since, an' I'm thinkin' it'll not be well
fur him fwhin I do. ayther. Think av
It. me frlnd: Ehpind'a' me folne two doi
lars an the robbln" bwJj races! Sure, an'
they have thlm races all flxt up to shoot
th'.mseVs. They're cruked as a ram 9
horn, so they yar\ Bur nuver moind, I'll
howld ye that I'll knew betther next
tcime. Wurrab, woman. I'd a nuver given
him tho two but Ot -.nousht fur sartln'
he'd bring me back a hundhred. Oh. but
is a mane an* «le^altful an' thievin*
wurruld, Mrs. McGIamgerty."
JOHN J. JENNING3.
mufldT, the' poor ; eror.iinah. bekase, his
tongue's twishted an' ht can't say nioolh
er—'Mudder,' oez he, 'I have a stlnch,'
MEN WITH GREEN. HAIR.
ep» rroRVlSG to Professor L. L«?win
// \\ of Berlin, a distinguished German
i! f i«?ntist, th*» hair of pome copper
workers is almost certain to tarn
preen pooner or later. The professor has
been studying the subject for the last few
years, and he tells the result of his inves
tigations in the current .number of tho
Deu!5rhe Medlr'-.liLil* WOCllCHBChnfL
"For renriy 250 years." he says, "pci
entlsts have known that the hair of per-
sons employed In copp«r works Is apt to
become green— a eurlous fact and one
which Is especially Interesting from a bio
logical point of view. The general belief,
however, that the hair becomes green
after a few days' work in summer Ic er
roneous. Workmen perspire freely during
the summer, and the dust from the cop
per naturally clings to their skin and
tend* to give their h«lr a greenish hue.
This j,;ccn, however, can be easily washed
off.
"The true green does not appear In the
hair of workmen until they have been
pome years at th» business, and neither
by wrshing- nor by the. use of chemlculs
can they ever wholly rid themselves of it.
I have exe mined over 300 workmen, and
yet I find that only eight of them had any
trace of green in their hair. I examined
one men. a brass polisher, .who had been
twenty-seven years in the factory, and I
found his hair of .1 natural color. On the
other hand. I found another polisher who
had a green Lcard. ISvon animals' hair
becomes green under j«u«*h condlt'ons Th's
was clearly proved to me by the d-scolored
hair of a goat which used to frequent a
certain copper factory and which used to
drink daily without any evil reaulrs the
water in which the copper was washed.
"In the case of workmen the hair of the
head and beard changes color 'more often
than that of the eyebrows, and. as a rule,
the beard changes first. On men with
white or fair hair the change can be no
ticed more readily than on those, with
dark hair. Another peculiar fact Is' that
after some yenrB the green may disappear
from th* ba'.r, prftvlded the workman Is
no longer employed at fhis trade. I knew
one old man whd*e hair, which was very
gTeen while ho was working at copper,
became snow white soon after he ceased
to work. On the ether hand, a story Is
told of a workman whose hair, which waa
whit* while he was at work, became green
within five months after he had stopped
working. "~
"In the cases which 1 studied the green
was spread evenly over the whole halt,
which is curioua In view of the fact that
two other scientists who have been study
ing this subject discovered more green at
the roots of the hair than any where ~e'!»*.
The color Itself, I found, varied from. the
lightest gr««u to tho very darkest green."
THE PRICE OP SPIDERS.
*jn? DEALER in natural history specl
/L\ mens who has a little shoo in the
Jl East End of London has discovered
that there is a market for spiders.
Th» spiders are sold by the hundred, thy
prices ranging from 2z fid to 3s. and the
buyers are small firms of wine merchants.
These merchants stock, their cellars with
new. freshly labeled »vlne, sprinkle du«>t
upon the bins and admit the spider*, who
weave their webs from cork to cork.
The cobwebs natural'v lead the custom
ers to believe that the wine has be?n
stored for years and higher Drlces arn
therefore obtained.
The insects are collected from all parts,
and some of the large ones of the garden
variety are particular!:* prized, as they
weave a particularly strong, thick web.
When received these spiders are placeii
in a larye cage cf very nne wire netting
and are fed dally on small in3ecta.—Ar.
fcprer*.
enough to. buy turnip* at 30 cents a bushel,
but I rntber think I'll astonish you."
Mrs. Bower realised that the experi
ment would Ue carried to somp sort of a
finish, no matter what she said, and she
therefore heUi her peace, and Mr. Bow
tcr gathered up his specimens and de
scended to the basement.
"And now is It another fcolln' around
with the hot-water pipes or the gas« me
ter?" asked the cook, who knew some
thing of bis experimental nature.
"My dear woman. I am going to aston
ish/and benefit you," replied Mr. Bowser,
as he npproached the range. •
"You'vo nsteniphed me before, sir. find
I want no more of it. Is it the coal gas
you are goin* to try. and bottle up and
make a cure for the whoopin' cough?"
"Be calm and fear not. You see thif
stuff? It is a new fuel to take the place «
of coal. It gives out five times the heat
and leaves no ashes. No more lugging
"You can't be insensible to the honor of.
marrying Into the Smith family." the ar
dent young lover said, partly In Jest, but
more in earnest. "It's a great faintly.
There are fourteen millions of us In tha
•*orM."
"Then there ere enough already," re
sponded the young woman with decision.
And she refused to enter tlJ3 famllv.—
Chicago Tribune.
part of what this means to the civilized
world?"
The cook had opened her mouth to say
that she thought her wage* ought to be
raised 52 p»r month, when there was a
low rumbling, a trembling of the who's
ranjre, and next instant the covers flew
up to the ceiling, the doora banged open
and a burst of flame filled the kitchen.
Mrs. Bowser from the room above heard
a howl from the cat. a scream from tha
cook and a yell from Mr. Bowser, and she
knew what had happened. She couldn't
go down for the smoke, but as she opened
the front door the trio came flying out of
the basement to roll in the snow In tha
front yard.
It wasn't much of a fire. Th© seven or
eight pedestrians who rushed in and up
set everything and flooded water all over
the floors soon had it out. and in the
course of a quarter of an hour the open
doors and windows had freed the hou3«
of smcke. Mr. Bowser sat on the lounge,
with red eyes ar.d slnsed hair, and Mrs.
Bowser finally faced him and asked:
"Well. sir. any further experiments this
evening, or will you wait until to-mor
row nirht?"
"Wo-wo- woman!" he gasped as he lifted
his hands and bulged eyes, but that was
the end. His words had gone up with hla
fuel.
"Well." he replied. "I will simply say to
you this evening that I will heat our
house from now on for 10 cents per •week,
and I will run" a steamboat from New
York to London for $25. I am now going
down to the kitchen to experiment a lit
tle with the range. Seeing 13 believing,
and I may call you in about half an hour.
I think I'll be able to prove to you that I
haven't be«Mi wasting' my money on a
spring tonic or a lightning rod. You've
somehow got tht idea that I don't know
And he thrust nil thumbs into the arm
holes of his vest and walked up and down
before her. and the cat came out from
unrter the piano and walked after him.
"Well? " she asked to break the Ions si
lence.
"Oh. you did? Very kind of you. in
deed! Well, tny friend. I'm going to dis
appoint you this tirr.o. I'm going to revo
lutlonlz? the fuel of the world. I'm going
to knock out coal until it won't b« worth
50 cents a ton. Right there beforo your
eyes is somethjng which Is going to bring
me in millions of dollars in the next few
years and make the name of Bowser a
household world nil over the civilized
world. Millions. Mrs. Bowser, millions'."
¦
five time", the heat and left no ashes be
hind? TVhat would that substitute be
worth to America— to the world at large?
No dust, no ashes, no giving 1700 pounds
for a ton. no clinkers and no waste."
"I thought you'd been taken In again,*'
replied Mrs. Bowser with a sigh.
'Copyright. 1W1. by C. B. Lewie.)
*?T was 7 o'clock the ether evening when
I a bny Wt a heavy pack of something
i> at the basement door of the Bowser
mansion, and Mr. Bowser loft no time
In conveying Fpeclmcr.s cf it to the sit-'
ting-room for Mrs. Bowser's, inspection.
They looked like chunks of asphalt dug up
' from an old pavement, and sha turned
lrom them uith the remark:
"I Fuppore somebody has been after you
sjra'.n -with a patent pemething or other."
"Have you the slightest Idea what that
something or other is?" asked Mr. Bow
ser with a pmiie cf complacency..
**Xs it p-aster to fix the holes In the cel
lar f.ocr?"
"My dear worr.an. I am not in the plas
ter business this evening. It is not plas
ter or compressed food for the cnt. It
Isn't a microbe killer r.or a moth de-
Etroyer. Will you kindly listen to me for
a. moment while I give you a few facts
ar.d figures'?"
"Go en." she raid.
"To heat this house and do your cook
lr.p we consume twenty tons cf cca! per
year. The ccal man cheats us out of at
least four tors. That coal must be dug
from the bowels cf the earth, rafsed to
the surface, loaded on cars, unloaded
Spain, loaded into carts and delivered,
ar.d even then mu.<t *¦>• hand!r<l j»cain.*u>
Kay nnthinar of the ashes. Can't you sea
why ii co^ts fo much?"
"Of course."
"\Y«? are only one of 5.009.000 families
¦usinjj coal, and there are all the shops and
factories b<?sid<"-?. Suppose we had a
eubstitute for coal, something which
ceefied ffrarrfi'y ¦»¦'¦>• »• :.--">y 1 fc »v* out
THE SUNDAY CALL.
WINDOW MAGOOGIN SON TOMMY LOSES TWQ *
DOLLARS or MER TINE MONEY*
up. coal, no more ashes to bother with.
It will be a snap to -work In this kitchen
after this. Just rake out what little fire
there Is. will you. so that I can start
afresh?" ; /;
"There'll be a bobbery of some sort."
protested the cook as she obeyed. "You
know there allua Is."
"Never mind about bobberies. I've got
a dead sure thins in thl<n and there's
barrels of. money in It. You came from
Ireland, I believe?"
"I did, sir."
* "Well, within two weeks all Ireland will
be talking about Bowser's new fuel, and
It will probably be mentioned In the pa
pers that you were the first cook In the
world to use it."
"It's more likely they will be sayin*
I've left my place, but git along with it
and have it over with," >
Mr. Bowser put in paper and kindlings,
added a liberal quantity of bis new fuel
and then stood back. Things went off
with a rush, and he stood back and
rubbed hla hands and whispered:
"Only one pound of my patent fuel in
there, and Just feel tho heat: The fuel
Question is solved. You could put a
roast of beef in that oven and have it
fit for the table In an hour. My dear
jvoman. I'll be running cotton factories for
i5 cents a day and driving locomotives
liHX) miles fcr a dollar. Do you observe?
Do you feel? Do you realize a hundredth
MR. BOWSERS TRIBULATIONS
7kept strictly parallel and as close together
as possible and should not be lifted from
the ground— like Canadian sr.owshoes. On
flat ground they should constantly be kept
gliding over the surface of the snow,
while being driven forward by alternate
strokes from the hips and thighs, and the
body is thrown forward ; in each stride.
The length of the stride may be Increased
by the propulsion of the. staff which the
ski runner carries In his hand.
Up hill. If the gradient be steeo. tha ski
* HBHKKAB
runner will have to tacK rrom i mae to
side, following a zigzag course or go ' side
ways, bringing the ski {almost : to a right
angle with the' slope. : . But'down hillUhe
ski runner often goes with a tremendous
speed, and then it • may.; well, be: possible
that ' he cpulrt "outstrip... the birds in
flight." The ski ;now i slide readily,- and
the' steeper the slope the » greater, .the
speed, the one .tiling necessary.; being /to
maintain the balance and to steer 'clear of
all difficulties, ¦' such as" trees and ¦ preci-
pices.. The ski runner can fc-o everywhere,
over, hill > and-; valley,^ and » nothing ; stops
him so long as there" Is sufficient 'snow; t.>
move over.
A great art in ski running is tha" jump-
Ing upon :. ski. ¦ It is generally, done down
steep hillsides,- which Mh the; middle have
some'? natural' breaks; in the' ground.^ or
wherefa !bank of snow, is^ built. : ; Sliding
with ' a ¦'"great pace from : the "i top ; of the
hill*, to "this : bank, the > jumper ;s owing .'to
the sudden break in the ground. Is thrown
far ; into itne? air, and. after a longer or
shorter Journey .'. through; space he alights
on 1 the '..¦ slope';-;-. below^ arid cdntlnues . his
headlong course at, an even greater speed
tha n before. As a rule, . he* will even very
much- Increase." tbe : length of .his leap by
taking a spring Just as he leaves the pro-'
jecting,bank. .The'Iength: of. s"uch jumps
is ;very/ generally ; seventyVor ; eighty! feet. :
and in the later, years' jumps 1<W
feet ' are" : recorded. — Dr. ¦- Naiiscn ln ". Land v
and \\Vater.'
Once they have disappeared In a Jungle
pursuit Is hopeless, but it sometimes oc
curs that they find themselves closely
pursued across an open plain, where even
the tall, rank grass has been burnt ud bv
the fearful heat. It. is then that their In
genuity /is most apparent. In these
scorched and burnt up stretches of plain
the only thing that : breaks the -horizon
line ls ; the occasional , group ¦ of charr«»«l
trunks with. their paunt short limbs stand
Ins out against tho sky.
Onions should not be added to a stew :
or put In to cook with anything else until
*hey have first been boiled for about tea
minutes and the water thrown, away.
' City cooks too frequently fail to prop
erly "string" beans before cooklns them.
This Is annoying at the table.'
Cabbages are better if boiled with meat
: Potatoes shoul<j alwava b« boiled sepa
rately. Otherwise they are. sodden and
unpalatable.
'See that cucumbers are sliced aa thin
as possible and put cracked Ice over them
table,*" r ° • tLey com * to S
this very clever ruse of theirs Th wur
sult had completely lost sight of the rob
bvrs. and finally the party drew rein £
a clump of gnarled and bent tree trunks
tired and hot from their hard exert toS"
The officer in charge took off his hi and
K™ mW h V nd of a broken ««*•
nff^rM? nt V h K re Wa " a wllrt scream
£•?*,«; , the tree trurks su^enly
J?S vanished In the dark
er * hat . th * on ? cer took for a tree limb
was a human limb, and he had hung his
hat on a Bhrel robber's toes
?* , CS( L? hecl rcb *>"s are very proud of
#*• "^ ln P |lf «l«*. and openly boa*t
of It. One of them once told an English
o.r»cer that he could steal his blanket
from under him and net even wake him
up.
The officer laughed and bet him he couM
not do It.
That night, when the dfficer was fast
asleep, the Bheel robber cut a hole In his
tent, crept noiselessly ln and gently tick
led the hands and feet of the sleeping
man. The officer stirred uneasily and:
turned over. In this way the Bhe«l was
able to pull the blanket out a little way
By repeating this performance he finally
succeeded In "coaxing" the blanket com
pletely from under. the sleeper!
The Norwegian then put them on and
proposed to race with the Indians and
they were quite willing. But the surprise
of thes* swift Indians on their light snow
shoes was great when they discovered
that they were only able to keep pace
with him for a few hundred yards and
then rapidly Cropped behind, even though
*
by a loop for the toe, rtx^l near the en
ter of the ski, and a lur.J which pn^es
from this around behind the heel ct the
shoe and which can be tied very tight.
I remember an Incident which happened
to an acquaintance of mine in America,
many >ears ago. He was an. engineer,
and was surveying for a railway far west
on the prairies. The winter had ent In
and deep snow had covered the fields.
Being c skillful ski runner, he made him
self a pair of ski. The same day he had
bwn out trying these for the first time a
group of Indians carae upon a track con
sisting of two parallel grooves or furrows
In the Know, and never having seen a
similar track l>*fore they followed it tip
to make out what kind of an animal it
might originate from. They followed the
track to the door of the Norwegian's t-ot
taRc. whore- they par/ two strlj.>« of wood
leaning against the wall. They measured
the U*€k and th*n measured these wood
en thir.?p. and found that they were ex
actly the famo breadth.
And now followed a. very close Invent! .
gallon of these marvelous creatures,
which were carefully mt- usured on i all
Fide.s. When th* Norwegian, as by
chsiict-. t-jiinc out of his cottage door the
native* darted away from the ski and
looked at something el8«. pretending not
even to have noticed them. The Norwe
gian showsd Ihom. however: the tski and
how they were used. They wished now
to try them, but UEirg them as they were
accustomed to do their snowfihoes they
made slow progress and found them poor
and slippery.
=i=J HB"c!overe?t and most- Ingenious
robbers in the world. are the rovln? 1
II bands of Bheels in Southern Bom
bay, India, as the English soldiers i
.lave learned by bitter^ experience. !
When cut looking for plunder . these 1
Bhcel robbers wear no clothing and their i
bodies are ribbed with oil, so that should '
they be surprised and seized they would 1
be able to slip away from their captors.
AVhen the dull clatter cf t/ie English
mounted troops Is heard paining on them
these dark-skinned rascals conceal their
scant clothing under their small round
shields and scatter them about to reseni
ble stones or bowldera. Then picking up
a few twigs— If there are any to be had—
they, assume all sorts of grotesque atti
tudes, their almost fieshlesa limbs silhou
etted against the dark night sky closely
resembling the charred limbs of a tree.
Absolutely motionless, they hold their po
sitions until the enemy has passed them.
This,'- of course, is an old, trick, and no
lenger fools the English; but It is only a
few years since a most laughable thins
happened to -an English officer through
BHELL ROBBERS
OF BOMBAY.
BOILED LAMB AND CHESTNUTS.
Place a Joint of lamb in boiling- water,
to which add six cloves, one onion, a car
rot and a bunch of herbs; simmer con
stantly, for fifteen minutes for every
pound. When done, drain; thicken the
strained liquor and season with butter;
garnish leg with parsley, p'm-olas. lemon,
boiled and blanched chestnuts.
An odd little entree «s found In the form
of tarts.
MADELAINE TARTLETS.
Cut circles from pie paste, cutting holes
In centers cf those which are to serve as
tops; bake, brush the circles with egff
whites and place totts upon bottom*,
When ready to serve fill with chicken or
turkey livers stewed with French pear?
and seasoned; serve hot.
Of all desserts in the world a hot pud
ding reigns supreme i:z winter. The fol
lowinc involves labor, like all good thlng3,
but the result pavs.
* FRUIT PUDDING.
One pound bread crumbs, one pound
brown sugar, one poui-a beef suet mlnce-J
Inc. three ounces-citron shaved very thin,
grated rind of one lemon, half ounce grai-
ed nutmeg:, half ounce pulverized cinna
mon, half ounce bittsr almonds crusned
fine, one and a half p:ur.d3 raisins stoned
but not chopped, ions pound dried cur
rants, quarter of a pint brandy, eight
eggs. Mix all dry Ingredients Jogetner,
beat In the eggs*, add the brandy and mix;
pour Into a buttered mold closely cov
ered and steam steadily eight hours; «n
mold, stick branch of holly In top: pour
cupful of brandy over and Ignite Just be
fore carrying to table. Serve with hard
sauce flavored with lemon juice.
Pies come next In line to> puddings. A
novelty among them Is:,
MACAROON PIE.
Crush twelve stale macaroons and add
one cupful apple sauce, tjree well-beaten
e?gs, Juice of one lemon and one cupful
cream; line a crust and bake; spread with
a meringue; brown in oven: servo cold
with garnish of English walnuts and
holly.
Then for the finale of your dlnne»:
A DISH OF FRUIT AND NUTS.
A pretty dessert Is polished* nuts ami
fruit served In a cut class bowl an«t
topped with an orange opened to repre
sent a Illy.
n T is a very difficult thing to cx-
Ij plain to one who has never seen
jl fcki or ski running what it really
** means. Skis air really very
simple instruments. They consist of
two long, narrow strips of wood, pointed
and curved upward in front. In Norway
the ski is generally about seven or eight
feet in length a::d from three to four
inches in breadth. At the cent*r under
the foot they will be about an inch thief,
or a little more, beveling off <to about a
Charter of an inch at either end. The un
dfr surface Is fiat, often with a groove
along the middle, and Ls made as smooth
as possible. They are fastened to the feet
they were racing over their well-known
prairies. Afterward the Norwegian help
ed them to make ski and some of the In
dians le.'trned to use them tolerably well,
although men who are not trained to us*
ski from early boyhood very seldom be
come skillful ski runners.
The motion employed in ski-ing has no
resemblance to that employed in, skating.
While they are moved the ski are a.'way*
NORWEGIAN SKI
RUNNING.
WITH a wind blowing that would
driv«? on any lazttard of an ap
petite.' the housekeeper of this
winter smson turns to thoughts
of hearty roasts and roj-ul good pucdings.
such as stearSed on the boards of ye mer
rl« Ens'.ande in her merrie dayes The
months of chilled sa!a^s and Iced desserts
and all those snbtta delicacies are forgot
ten now, and it's ho! for the lire that
roars rnd the table that groans welcome
to husky hungers.
i To be sure, thtre i5 a salad for form's
pake, but it is a. hearty or.e. with chicken
cs a basis, and it. is named r.s befits the
season of red berries and redder faces.
YULE TIDE SALAD.
Mix one cupful cold cooked chicken with
one-half cupful diced celery, one-haif cup
ful boiled, blanched and split almonds
and chestnuts; heap upon a plate, mr.sk
with a boiled cream dressing, ga'rnlsh
with walnut meats, pickled cucumbers,
hard-boiled egc slices and olives.
There is a 3Ish beloved by our good
friends who welcome Kr's Krlng'.e in-
Ftead of Santa Claus. It is too good to
let them keep it to thomsclves. Of what-
ever race you be. just try some of these
KIDNEYS. GERMAN STYLE.
Simmer lambs' kidneys in cold water
until almost tender; drain, split and brush
with butter, then broil. Have ready twi
cupfuls of lentils cooked and seasoned.
When the kidneys are browned return to
water and simmer for ten minutes, with
a s'.ice of onion, tablespoonful of vinegar,
salt, pepper and butter. Drain kidneys,
strain liquor, thicken It and pour over
meat. Place lentils and potato dumplings
about and garnish the whole v.ith hard
boiled eggs.
Remember that the turkey and goose
are r.ot the only birOs to be considered at
this time of year. Here is a good rule for
( % -t ROA3TKD DUCK.
Mix two cupfuls stale breadcrumbs with
one minced onion, one teaspoonfui sage,
one teaspoonfui salt, one-half teaspoonfui
pepper, one tabie=peonful minced fat ba
con: stuff the duck with this dressing,
spread outside with flour and roast. Gar
rii'rh with celery pinnies, fclices of celery.
olives p.nd fried apple slice's.
And here Is another ;rood dinner founda-
. THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
FROM ROAST DUCK TO DESSERTSsimply braces up and tells a, good one.
So finished Is his art that.he can looli
his fair auditor straight In the face with
the Innocence of a blue-eyed wax doll and
never flinch. If there is any; truth in tha
statement that' Jonah dared not look his
wife In the face wncn he told her about
the whale then prlmttiveness alone Is re
sponsible. -Certainly man's
along that line has not been neglected
6lnce.
"Were a woman to prevaricate according
to man's method she would be a flat fail
ure because ehe Jacks 'the generations and
generations of practice her noble lord has
etiquette that it Is not polite to do ?o.
Then he sits up very straight on the edge
of a. chair, his knees tightly pinned to
gether, holds his headland neck well up
out " of his conventional black .coat, an*l
deliberately relates several chapters of
the . story of his life. . I would that we
could listen as cheerfully, but we are
busy sympathizing, with tha fellow mor
tal who said:
."There is no objection, to a man blow
ing his own horn, but It Is the tune he al
ways selects that nmkes us tired!"
Still, he means well, the stupid younj?
man, and that is Just what saves him.
, Sometimes he asks us , to gp with him
to tha vaudeville when we Crave grand
opera, but we decide not to annihilate
' him " simply because he ; forgets we . aro
.inusical. . He prefers tratnp sketches be
cause he . "likes the ¦ jokes."-
There Ms one fault, however, he must'
not possess: he must not have the "pun"
habit. If he willfully , creates infantile
r puns, or perhaps .reproduces feeble, .antl
. qua ted ; Jokes, . he is no longer harmless
:Vand musf be dealt with accordingly.
,Of such an individual I heard a young
married woman say (very feelingly) a few
days ago: ;- ¦;>'/.
,- -"I should think she would nearly die.
with having Mr. call so frequently. - It
must be. almost a.« nauseating, as seeing
one's husband about all the •time!"'
And that irrepressible married man!
"What shall we, do with .him? How much
'time must elapse before he discovers that
he is no longer eligible? Why does he re
fuse to be withered! but' seem to regard
brilliant (?) Jokes at her expense.
All the way home he speculates upon
the present status of Corallne" » heart. Ho
wonders If she does not wish - aha had
been the one to accept the stupendous of
fer of his name and honor in exchange
for her Identity; heart, soul and life. * Ha
regards such an offering a noble sacrifice
on his part, but one usually observes that
he makes the choice.
He may have won the limpid, pale-eyed
E9sie for his wife because her weak lit tla
mind was readily overcome by hl3 strong
er will. This does not occur to him: but
if he recalls an instance where Corallna
neglects to lionize a man (perhaps be
cause she is not seeking the position or
keeper and lion-tamer), he only decide?*
that she must be strons-minded and,
therefore, unfit for domestic life.
Say. what you will of our folly, but do
- not charge us with "Impossible Ideals."
You might do 30 If we were looking for. an
honest man. a lover who would not lie to>
u?; but poor Dlosrenes spent his life In
such a quest, which proved fruitless, and
we mean to profit by his experience.. Still.
If .by accident, w© . shSuld ever discover
, thl3 rarest of beings, a truthful maiT,
there would be great danger of our mak
ing love to him violently. Conventional
ity alone might save him.
But we are not looking for men without
faults (that would be a wild-goose chasa
after a rainbow). What we are clamor
ing for Is a more complete optical Illusion
—one underneath which we do not see taa
b^ny framework too »a»lly.
- If you must deceive us. do It well.
king of beasts waves them away wita a
sweep of bis majestic hand.
! "ScaIchi," he tells- his fair listener,,
"never had any Idea of singing; and I am
tired of Nordlca. ( If you. Ukc. good music
you ought to. have : hoard those Zerrahn '
symphony concerts^ in v Boston twenty
years ago."
As though a- grlrl would ever. wish her- •
self old enough to remember those con- :
certs! And as though she 'would be at
tractive to this time-worn music lover, if
such antiquity were hers! ¦ ;
. v"War.derlng in dreamland, wher» happi
ness is cheap." These words in the' song
suggest themselves to me as I picture the
men -who,'; when they, are depressed,; seek ;
•out feminine drawing-rooms, where "hap
piness is cheap." Had they dropped in to
see the* educated monkeys on a vaudeville
progrRnime they would have paid for ad
mission.
And the. trained human monkeys of us
who "study -to please"— are we not as free
ly, condemned at , a ¦ quiet club dinner for
anTunsatisfactory performance as though
r " we charged for seats, like our. woolly, com
petitors, the professional monkeys?
" However, . we have more remuneration
than, the dear men . are • aware of giving—
more : thaiT.we can \ tell - them ; of— f or , t hey
;'grea«y amuse w', although. unconsciously/
perhaDs! when we dare not let them know
at. all withered, but offer hlmi a glass,
which I observe he empties twice,' re
. marking that my glasses are ridiculously -
small. -,
As the play proceeds, I am glad to note
"that .my,, applause has not. been in vain,
for^rny would-be tragedian is beginning
to feel better. I feel certain of this, be
• cause he indulges . in pleasantries; he
:llkes - to see his intellect at play. After
hurling In. my direction considerable re
parteo (for the brilliancy of which he Is
noted), my guest departs, 'less* bearing
.than before. ' He murmurs something ¦
abouthls "lonely club." , V
• •¦Perhaps," on leaving, he would not apolo
gize, as< he does, for inflicting his moods ¦
. upon me. dld;he"realize ( that I . feel greatly v
(indebted to "him for much genuine am'use
-nient, at what I "consider, a special matt-.
' nee. ¦ • .' "., .-¦;.-¦ - - ' • ' ¦ • .-,"
, In striking contrast to the blase club.
man Is the stupidly tame young man. We
¦ all- know him,' but by different 'names,"
perhaps. . It is well that he does not know!
what names we callhlm— well for. him, I
mean; pejhionally we have nothing to fear,
.-; for ;- ho -^is perfectly;^ harmless. ,1- have >
.' heard' .him ¦ described ' as the Vgood-for
: nothing'.' good 'young man"; but. this Is
quite -unfair, because' he Is useful and
*.' really, has his good points."> ?,'"
• J- ; He. is always, on hand.' That Is Justhis
"trouble, ' and ' becomes , ours,'- too, '¦ in ¦ time : '
t f or ';, he wants It understood that he ; Is
~;"keeDlMr > company."/' For an ambitious
closed one of his failings. Such a blunder
would have proved disastrous ¦ to their
friendship. ' . .
- The masculine caller Is especially liberal
•with his advice. True ho' would not allow
others to Inflict thta unwelcome? article
upon him without saying that "advice; is
one of those things it Is so much, easier,
to give than to receive," but being a- man
<of the. world his suggestions, he; feels
quite sure, are Invaluable to others. :
He warns.his fair. friend against every
one ' except himself. ' She must not; ~ he
tells her,, be eeen much In "the company
of gentlemen; she mjrht Dlace : herself in
number of compliments, to all of which
rr>n laughingly replies, but secretly mar
vels at the self-assurance 'her flatterer
must possess to Imagine that she believes
his j>retty pleasantries.
Perhaps for the sake of arriving at his
point of view, Ehe studies his redeem
ing- features, and in discussing them pays
him a few compliments «o extravagant
that her conscience would only- pardon
them on the ground that it Is sometimes
necessary to exaggerate for emphasis
when talking to certain people. She is
nearly convulsed to find that he indorses
every word ehe tias uttered, and Is ad
miring her keen powers of ' discernment
while audibly he only half admits that
thPBe adorable virtue* are his.
Men and women flatter as differently
** they go about telling a falsehood. We
know thai when a man tells a II© ho
ions in one corner and smilingly regards
his fair physician, wondering 1 what an'J
dote fhe wilV administer to alleviate his
particular case. If she looks good
natured, he takes advantage of the fact
and obtains permission to light a cigar
ette. He remarks her. indulgence In per
mitting him to smoke, and pays her a
who call? with his wife, knowing we
•would refuse to entertain him otherwise?
We all know the club man. who drops
in to pee us when he has b*»on bored
everywhere else. I recall a number of
girls vrho are pitied by their friends bA
exu^e they are called upon by this Indl
vMur.l. and must exercise their wits to
rescue him from boredem. but such pity
is only wasted, for the young ladles have
a creat deal of pport over their tasks.
Tfci* m&seullne caller enters the draw-
Ing room with a distingue air which will
eerve to remind his young hostess how
important an «»vent Is coming into her
life, and she must not overlook the fact-
He J«ocn plants himself among the cush-
married man ("all smiley 'round the lips")
.— .. — HB dear men! I* It tneir numoeness.
faults that a!waye command fem
1> ir.ine attention, or Is it our optimis
tic search for their virtues which
consume* our lives?
Tt vras not a woman who said. "What
« piefe of work is man." but. long be
fore Pope's' philosophy, ¦when It became
Evf « province to f.atter men, tlij we be
piti ih n analytical process, and we have
bwn picking him to pl»ees— praising and
li'.irr.inK him — ever finer. There is no de
nying that the problrm is interesting to
us. no matter how unsatisfactory the re
sult? may tx?. Yes. we rather like to
study men. «nd perhaps we have spoiled
them into expecting It. We like to watch
the kaleidoscopic changes of their re
fjKmEive hearts. We like to train our
pe!vrs to mess, with a fair degree of ac
curacy, ¦what move they will make next,
hut. like all important speculations, this
one I? accompanied by uncertainty—per
mit me to Fay. delightful uncertainty.
I •vror.d» > r which class of subjects proven
most amusing to us for a character
>tu<Jy: The club man, with his eventful
pa?t and blase manner, or the stupidly
tame young man ¦who counts on "keep-
Ins steady company." cr the irrepressible
what ; a perfectly ' gorgeous time we are
having at their expense. ,
A San Francisco man, whom I< recall at
this moment; handsome and distinguished.
Is made very, comfortable at the Bohemian
Club, but in spite' of this- fact he has
moods. At|tlmes he is .decidedly bearish.
I have noticed that he does not hide hlm
.self in a cave during these ..'.spells, al
though, like his fellows, he believes tho
ladles should never appear' unless they
can be charming.- As for. himself, this. Is
Just the- time he must be entertained. He
therefore. calls ; upon his friends— in fact,
he sometimes honors'me with/ his danger
ous'moods. , *-'
After greeting me in a glum sort of way,
accompanied by whatever politeness I
command, he hastens to inform me (and
needlessly) that he Is out- of humor. ' In
other words, I must prepare for the worst
and make agreeable speeches, whether or
no ; but I must not expect a , great effort
toward affability on his part,. because, he
is an old friend of the family. Deliver me
from eld friends of the family! ,
My , masculine'; caller flops into a chair
as heavily as though he meant to commit
suicide by dropping through the earth. He
assumes tho much abused air of a mar
tyr who regards a living death as a little
out of his line, and agrees with Byron
that ."," 'Twere better not to be!"
Seeing that my visitor glances tolerant
ly toward a decanter, I offer, him a glass
of. sherry, which )\e does me the honor
to accept. • 'i hen settles back and fixes his
gaze dejectedly upon the rug. He evl
' dently 'is giving me an' imitation of a
man toppling over the brink of despair,
but I do not srrasp the pathos of the situ
ation. Instead, I see only the delicious
comedy of a well groomed man trying to
look neglected: an epicure vainly en
deavoring to look pinched and starved;
a man who is* unusually successful in life,
feeling- a heartrending' pity for himself
without knowing what for, yet expecting
others to understand and sympathize in
his dark hour. However, I dare not laugh
at him Ie3t tho comedy change to tragedy,
for, as 1 say, he is extremely dangerous at
such times. I must enjoy the picture in
secret while I talk, incessantly.
"'/What I say; to him matters little, for
he does not expect me to say much of
anything. In his present mood he re
gards women as hopelessly foolish and is
not at all reluctant about expressing him
self upon the subject. I suppose this is
. one of the woes of frankness and untram
meled bachelorhood. When I have cheer
fully exaggerated all his good qualities
and paid him several of the most delicate
ly wrought compliments I can possibly
produce, he satirically remarks:
"Delicious! .Very lovely, indeed!" mean
ing the compliments, unfortunately.
The scene changes and my comedy goes
on, every moment bringing some fresh in
congruity of speech or action. The lonely
star now deigns to notice another bottle,
, which happens to contain my most
precious brand of sweet wine. He take3
a sniff and bluntly ejaculates:
••This Hweet wine of yours smells very
much like hair oil to me!"
Jinowing the vintage, however.I am not
•
bank clerk to be always on hand counts
for something, but for the hopelessly un
interesting tame young man to appear
regularly before our tired. vision is. fatal
to his cause. '• Vy*
He usually rocks (rocking belnjria sem
blance of activity)— rocks and smiles con
stantly. I used to discriminate between
good and bad boys by their smiles, when
I was young; but as I was npt a "won
derfully precocious child" my^rule is sub
mitted with apprehension. I found that
the good boys always' looked pleasant
smiled very hard all the time; while the
bad boys, when I approached, took on an
earnest, confidently sanctimonious expres
sion* which might absolve them from -any
accusation of hiding my Jumping-rope.
The tarn^ young man does not always
rock. He may have read in same book of
Although their eyes ar© not open for a
month, they can cling to a branch when
but a few days old. After they get their
sight they become playful and frisky, and
they may soon be^seen chasing one an
other about the tree near the ne"st. They
$tay with, the mother for several months,
and In th'o autumn make nests for them
selves and go to sleep for the winter.
ERNEST HAROLD BAYNES.
They are born blind and entirely naked.
The first hair to appear is the whiskers,
but the soft fur of the body soon follows.
Flying sauirrels go to sleep all winter
In nests of leaves or soft bark, which
they make in the autumn. Sometimes the
nest is built in the branches of a live
tree, but more often in a hole in a de
cayed stump or branch. The hole dug out
by a downy woodpecker is freQuently
chosen by flying squirrels, and in such a
place as this the young ones are born in
the early spring.
The movement from one tree to another
is always downward, and tha farther
away the trunk to which he is sailing
the nearer the gTound he will bo when
he reaches it.
rel. HJs round, black eyes are
large and prominent and his tall Is fiat
and featherllke. But the most remarka
ble fact about him is that he has two
delicate fur-covered membranes which ex
tend one from each of the wrists of the
fore legs to the wrists of the correspond
ing ; hind legs. These membranes, when
not in use. axe folded close asalnst the
sides, and do not interfere with the move
ments of the squirrel when he is climb
ing. He runs up a. tree to the top or near
it and jumps in the direction of another
tree, perhaps fifty feet away. As he
jumpa he stretches out his legs sideways
as far as he can, thus unfolding the mem
branes, on which he is then able to sail
through the air as with a parachute.
Have you ever
seen the
Funny Little
Flying Squirrel?
ONE of the prettiest, gentlest and
most interesting of the- little wild
folks is the common flying squir-
himself as mor© Jrre«<«stlble than ever?
The only reason (aside, from egotlsnu of
¦which it would never do to accuse him) Is
that bis wife has praised him until he be
lieves himself an Ideal Romeo who would
be very much In demand if the bachelor
girls only' knew what an artist In love
making he had become!
He seems to persist In seeing 1 his old
sweethearts. He must droo in "Just- for
the sake of old times." he explains. If
Corallne. whom he would bewilder with
his charms, declines to receive him with
out his wife, he brings her alone to act
as guardian angel. Then the Irrepressible
admirer grins so enthusiastically at ev
erything his bachelor hostess says that
he fails to direct a single remark to his
wife during their call, unless, perhaps.
others address her; whereupon ha makei
He overlooks the fact that she \s a good
listener, for he concedes to himse'f that
he Is an interesting talker. When famous
operatic tiara are being discussed this
It would seem that the only thing re
maining for her to do Is to Bit up and look
pleasant when this particular' man favors
her with a call. She must not expect him
to fall in love with her;' this would be
presjming, ancl ; she must never presume.
He expects her to be delighted to see him.
whether he "calls often or seldom. He de
vours her with ravishing glances. He
fairly hangs" upon her words, and, being a
woman, s>he might almost be foolish
enough to think him, Interested psychi
cally did she iiot know otherwise.
"I. would not like to have you."
a bad light before. the public. Of course
she may do as she likes, he says, but he
certainly '¦' would " not advise her to eat
luncheon or attend the theater with his
friends. As to riding; in the park with
any gentleman (except himself) it is out
of. the question/ He is disappointed In her
that she could tolerate the idea, adding
that he had known al 1 along that women
were, foolish, but had hoped she. might
prove an exception. Sometimes he merely
gives as his reason:, ¦ . '. y-^'i
But to look in again on the club man
who forgets ' for the hour that he was
*blase. while his hostess reiterated the
Virtues that entitled him to the rank of
"Prince Charming.*; I need hardly say
"virtues." for we never expected her to
touch upon his faults, although he had
stated that he liked to be analyzed and
wanted her frank character opinion.
Frank, indeed! She nearly gasped at the
thoueht ol the consequences had she dis-
The same basic principles apply to mas
culine' and feminine flattery. A man
wishes to say something nice to a woman
and he says it without confining himself
too strictly to existing circumstances.
When a woman wishes to return this com
pliment she feebly gropes around, looking
for a good point in the gallant knight's
character to hang u upon; then she en
larges the quality enough to be attractive,
reconciles herself to the exaggeration,
and, lo! the charming speech is ready to
present and "Quebec is hers." She docs
nut consider it flattery, however; It be
comes expressed appreciation instead.
made the most of. Her succets depends
upon compromising with her conscience
first. Not until she has 'tapght herself
to believe the statement can she tell it
with great success.
WHAT A PIECE OF WORK IS MAN
¦ •
THE SUNDAY CAtL.
9; i.uintwr by from a aozen to . a score ot
souls. And so It Is that 1 1 am glad that
I did not. atteo4 their banquet, ¦ for be-
many hundreds of .miles distant from clv
llizatiun. .The : penalty for their, crimed will
urobably bu tha further reduction of their
tween the Mexicans and the Indiana ther«
might have been very little left ot mt to
return to civilization." : y
that^the middle toes tire Invariably the
longest.^I saw the a\g fellow,whom I
measured ran' barefooted over a patch of
sharp stubble*left by stalks of the rat tall
flag, which had been burned. He ,was
hunting wild hoes and his foet —ero not
hurt in the least. It was common to see
the men eom£ to our camp fire and pone
the coals with their naked toes. One fi!l-
low had thus burned all of his toe nails
black, although his, net were otherwise
uninjured. The toes of theso people -ar-
remarkable also on account of their nim-
bleness. I>aw one man nick up a'red no:
coal with his foot to light his cigarette,
Another, walking alone a road, thus
clutched a stick which he -wanted; to.use
for a cane. He raised it to his hand ami
continued on his way. 1 gave" a" child a
lump of sugar; he flopped it, but the
nimble toes caught it and brought, it;to
his hand.
¦ "The burial customs o£ the Cocopas are
very interesting-... ITncni. '.he death of .one
of the tribe his kinsmen all cut their Ion;?
hair to ashortness proportionate to'the
closeness of; the relationship of each : 10.
the deceased. If the dead should;be pos-
sessed of property,It: Is given away to tho,
different membersof-the tribe* but never
to his relatives. This is a clever devic<>
to prevent a family dispute as'to; owner-
ship of any of the property. Many/pilnii
tiye people have_ taken-such precaution
against the. possible division of a hoiiso-
hold against itself, as,"for instance; ;tho
mother-in-law taboo of certain Indian
tribes. This prevents any Jexchance of
word* and any association whatever 'a
tweon mother-in-law anc child-in-law.
"These people "are- ostensibly : monog-a
mous. Of their polygamy; in which state
they formerly lived oier.ly. there are yet
traces, kept in the background out of de
ferencc to the Mexican iaw.
"They have prescribed a strange"ordeal
which must be undergone by every, Coco
pa girl before she can be considered to'fce
marriageable. When she is ready to take
a husband a hole is dus in the.ground an.i
in it Ib built a fire, kept burning until the
surrounding earth has been ;thoroughly
warmed:'.\ The fire is then extinguishc:!
i and the bride-elect placed in the pit. She
is buried to her neck and.in this condi
tion Isrteft standing over: night. After be
dug out the next morning she is ready
for the connubial state
/'Each ;Cocopa family is boundjby^a
strict-law pertaining to piroperty> rights
N ~Strictly domestic property belongs: to" th<!
woman,- farmstead property.Uo the .man.
"During my stay among them the.Co
.eppas. had. a great feast, out in- the: ex
trc-me-. northwestern •part , of "their teVri
tory, at a, point seventy-live ml'.es from
Color.ia Lcrdo. I contemplated attending
this' jollltication.-but changed my mii.fl
and later had reason to be thankful thai
I had thup reconsidered. One of the s tribe
' committed a depredation, for which three
of the Mexican rural' police undertook; to
arrest • him:' •; His", cdrn'caliioiia i rescued ¦him
and tore the police utterly.:.to.pieces!' Th«
Mexicans willTof course, punish theCo
couas for this, although the' latter- ara
4— .p. HP/ Cocopas, a very queer people,
living In the valley of the Colorado
11 River— partly la Lower California
and partly In Mexico— have just been
brought to light by Professor W. I.
McGee, the well-known ethnologist. Tie
had just returned from an Inter
esting visit among them when he chattel
with me a day or two ago. He is the first
* cter.tlfic man who has studied them and
noted their remarkable customs. Profes
sor McGee said:
"Crossing the Mexican boundary at San
to r>om!ngo we struck out as directly as
might bft for the Tejjoka country, on.*
hundred cr.d fifty milts Wow. The next
water was at Quitoboc, a Papsgo village,
thirty-five miles distant, and there w«
found warm mineral springs. Thirty
miles farther southward we found Cozon,
another vll!age of the Papagoes. Then we
passed on to a little stnisp mill known a3
I-as Tajita^. a*»d from there to Caborea.
the westernmost tow.i of the river cf
Northern Sonora, known as Rio San
Ignacio, or Rio Altar. At Caborea fiv-j
years ago I had.learr.cd that the T«?i>oka3
Indians were still; extent, eighty miles
down on the Gulf of California coast. i?u
I. now pushed down ir.to their alleged
country by a four days' Journey. I founl
remains of their huts and some accumula
tions of shells and from what I saw
roughly estimated that the Tepokas must
baye been extinct or hav«'det»arted ten
years e.so. r -"^ie •' then t eturned to • Santo
Domlnco. /
"We next struck -westward along the
boundary line, taking the old Yuma tral!,
the ancient highway of communication,be
tween Mexico and California. We were
now faced by a ninety-mile jaunt withou:
a spot which offered . water. Half the dis
tance was over exceedingly heavy sand
and a quarter was over volcanic flows.
We had three successive dry camps and
It was noon of the fourth day before w«»
struck water. It hanuened to. be bumid
and stormy and our "blankets were wet
the whole distance. Two days ' and an
other dry camp brought us to Tumar at
the affluence of the Colorado and u.la. W,j
outfitted and went, down the Colorado
seventy miles by road to a -Mace some
times called Colonla Lei do. where the Cp
copa people live. ;
"The Cocopas greatlv surprised me.
Living so near to'the pulf I supposed, of
course, that they were fishing people/ T
found them essentially They
were cultivating corn, beans, peas and
squashes; they were ',nar vesting live d'tf-.
ferent kinds of grasses for their seed.!.
They had located theirj little farms 'ac
cording to the caprice of the floods fre
quently occurring In this valley. ;- They
professed to be strongly Inimical- to /the
Mexican Government <n>d to be anxious to
emigrate to the United States.
"The Cocopas are eenerally of fine
physique. The men axe talYand robust. I
measured one and four^d him- to stand six
feet three. Their -sklno are dark. They
hav« very large feet, notable for u.e fact
Wn.\f different amoitlon? are cher
ished l>y children from those that
animate them in later years!
The average child wishes to be
a confectioner or a candy merchant, that
he may pratify his taste for sweets; or
tlso he wants to be a circus ridrr in span
gles or a down, to make the people laugh
all the time. Later on comes the desire
to efalne in the great world as a lawyer,
doctor or minister. The little girl who
plays with dolls is already, in her mind's
eye. a housekeeper and mother. Whether
of h!f,h or low degree, the juvenile ambf
ticn Is very similar.
Visits to the homes of wealthy Califor
r.ians reveal many interesting nursery
UBbUlon& Ore child draws pictures of
his brothers and says he will be a great
ertist when he grows up. Another tot.
v ho excels as a story teller, intends to be
an author. But, as a rule, the ambition
of the^hild tends foward candy making
or selling, circus riding or soldiering and
eai'orinjj. I
"I'll be like Bobby Shcfter and go to sea
In a boat." says or.o millionaire's son.
"I'll be a great big lady." says his sis
ter, "and wear beautiful growns, like ray
mamma, end a prince will fall in love
with me and marry m^."
Some of those children. may become, as
years pass by, what they now fancy they
will be. Others may change their m'.nds
¦when education, culture and experience
have come to them.'
Little Mark Gerstle says he will be a
musician. He loves music, and though he
Is bright In his other studies, that is
where h'.s real ambition lies.
Willie Van Fleet, whose father Is a
Judge, win be a soldier or a sailor.
Maurice Dore. grandjen of the pioneer
real estate man, the late Maurice Dore.
always desirf-s to be a soldier or. a saUor
Jn the United States army or
rsavy. Maurice's lather. the late
Charles Dore, was a Hne amateur mu
elclan and a clever composer. His moth
er, now Mrs. Frank s. Johnson of San Ra
fael, Is also an accomplished musician.
Maurice inherits their talent, but he
¦would not care to be a musician when he
prows /jp; his ideas run to the active field
of life. In the meantime he goes to school,
enjoys football and po!f and dreams of
the army or navy. '•';*
Sylvia Talbot. the lovely little daughter
Of the F. C. Talfcots, ! as= wonderful mu
sical talent and is a graceful dancer. She
can play cards, too, like an experjenced
clubman, even the national game of poker.
Sylvia thinks jrhe will l-ave to be "Just a
society woman" when riie grows up.
Little MIxi Fox Tar has decided idea*
of her own about r.hat she will be when
ehe attains the age of maturity.
"I shall bo a mamma," she says, "and
I'll have a!l girls. If one boy comes in
my house m drive him ort with a broom
stick."
"I shall he a hourekeever." says little
Margaret Casey. Little Margaret, by the
way. lives in one of the most luxurious
homes In San Francisco. Her mother Is
Mrs. Maurice Casey.
The little son of the Harry Sherwoods
hap a musical ambition. He loves church
music and is one of the choristers in the
church he attends with his parents. He is
also a clever violinist.
Willie Talbot wants to be a carpenter.
Willie is the son of the W. H. Talbots. He
lives In a beautiful house on Jackson
street, corner of Scott, during the winli-r
ar.d his summers are spent at his parents*
lovely country place in Redwood City—
"Ca=a |*amona." Willie knows all about
horses,- can ride and drive and he is sur
rounded by every enjoyment and luxuiy
wealth can bring. And Willie wants to be
a carpenter.
ArabcHe Morrow, daughter of W. .H.
Morrow and granddaughter of Hon. W.
'»'. Morrow, one of California's most dis
tinsulsh^d jurists, is a lively littlo
girl, fond of play and out-of-door sports.
"You ran sav I want to be a circus
rider." paid Arabelle. "There are lots of
things I'd like to be. but that seems to
mo the nicest. I shall turn bars., walk
tight ropes and all that."
Rimer Curtaz. son if Mr. and Mrs.
Harry J. Curtaz, w^ll be an electrician.
He understands all'- about electrics and
has a railroad run hv electricity In the
bafement of his home which is his pride
and joy. He fixes lights for. hip mother
to read by and all that. Elmer's litt'e
sister Ruth can sing ar.d play. She in
tends to be a great opera singer when she
grows uo. ,
The children of Mr. ar.d Mrs. Frederick
M. Johnson, grandchildren of Charles
Gibbs, the pioneer, have different ambi
tions from those of the average juvenile.
Helen will be a professional nurse or a
doctor, she says. Her brother Fred "will
be a naturalist, like Agassiz or Thoreau.
He has a den off his oedroom whicft is ail
fitted up in. redwood and which contain:?
cuiios from all over '.he world/ He take 3
delight In his rhells, birds' eggs and nest?.
He has also a splendid collection - of old
armor,. swords. pistotoand Tndian curios.
Uttle Miss Balayed, who?e parents own
one of the largest "and most magnificent
country places In San Mateo, already dig*
plays artistic talent, and intends to -go to
Paris and study art." ¦"' - ' ' '''¦¦'.'
A PEOPLE WHO PICK UP THE COALS WITH TOES AND WHO BURY THEIR
MARRIAGEABLE WOMAN IN THE EARTH OVER NIGHT.
THE SUNDAY CALTi.
10
WHAT SOME OF SAN FRANCISCO'S RICH LITTLE CHILDREN
WISH TO BE WHEN THEY GROW UPPECK'S BAD BOY AND THE
GROCERYMAN START TO SEE
A VAUDEVILLE SHOW
The person who live j on hope U seldom
troubled with obesity.
A PASIXLT AftOUMENT.
"Clara, you know I'm rig&t."
"Of course. Clarence; that's what nuJces .
me get so. mad."— Chl<*a*o Record.
man. hasti'y, "I remember all about it.
What was it you w2s sayin* about this
new sort of show:"
"Vaudeville? • Wl:y. it's a*ort of show
where you can lean back and smoke and
watch a bunch of girl? sine 'Dear Little
Girls With Curly Curls. 4 and a man with
a cable-car face tell how 'he wss iu;t
coming up the street when he saw Mo
riartyand Mcriariy says to him — .and
where acrobats tnake pyramids out of
their hind legs, and -"
"Hcre'#"'thout«d the old crocervman.
"That's no vodyveal! That's iust a c'.ain
o!d-feshioned Variety. SIiow *ucli as we
used to hev.to the Town Hall at honiel"
"Same thing!" agreed the bov. "Onlv
when peqjilC; tired il the variety shows
the managers gave them Vaudeville for a
change. Thai's! the only difference."
"Say! Speaking of the ol ! Town Ha:!,
did I ever f*e!l you the time I carried a
note from pa to 1. Mttlfi actrc*3 in one
of the variety ."shows there? Ha had met
her when kt- was awav on a business
trip it Milwaukee. Now pa was as «on<\
a man heart as ever.htppened: but he
usc4 tn try real hard to appear bad. So
he rfWn't do a thing that "tittie at Mil
waukee but buy' that little a: tress a whole
pint of champagne. She drank it and
then called him 'Whiskers' and t6!d'hr.n
to run away home, as he did.,
"But when her came' to our
a few minutes out3ide on the brilliantly
lightly psveiriem. wat^iine the crowd. _
Two policemen, , strolling along, eyed
the old countryman curiously and cast
a second" loflk on, his sprucely dressed
companion.
• As the policemen, still eying th».n.
passed cut of earshot, th^ old man drew
forth a N \vad of biils of herculean pro
portions. ; : v #
"Here," he whiJpered to the Bad Bov.
"you take charce of these. In a crowd
tike this I'm afeared some one may" pick
¦ my pockets.'* ¦
T-he :Bad Boy took the money," thrust :
¦it into his trousers' pocket arid patted the
bid groceryman on the back.
"That's ¦ fight S", he exclaimed. . "You
put your trust in me and you'll never
/loSe. "I'm glad to see you arebeginnisirfi
to'havc:faith ? in me once niore. -If you
had only— •'!.-.;•¦ ' V
' "Exfiusejme. constable.',* .remarked the
groceryman.*humbly fireciinc one pt.the."
blue'coat^. "but you know^U'the famous
.men':in;Xew York; I suppose?"
' " Byl iighti ; anyhow." = replied, the po
liceman. "What's th« iaat»cf ?"
"See that- flashily dressed voiinx chip
over there, leanih ' against that-pill.<r t .
smokin' a cigarette?" indicating the Bad
Boy.
"Yes. - What oi.-him?'-
town pa was afra:d «hed rccoen>.e him
and ..thut siory about the^champag-ie
•noujd get to sna's.ear*. So he writes
her a 'lote warning her. to kceo mum
and sends it behind^the' scenes bv me,
Wei!. I'd «een!the a^t/She \vaj> in befdr*.
and I knew there \va»'a place in it where
a servant brings her In a. letter and Jhe
opens it and reads it aloud and it's from
her lon^-iost husband.
"Well, 1 pot behind»the «cenes. and I
saw where the property man had put the
'props' for that act, and I sneaked awav
the fake' letter and put pa's letter in :»s
place. Thcn-I went backslo the audience
and sat down beside pa and ma and
Deacon Sheffield., ;.• v
"Well,. when her ect began, on comes
the actress and she savs.'r -Five *lon^.
weary yeah* since me poor husband left
me sonjysteriouily. .".tid not one word
from him. ; Ha! A letter? 'Tis in hU
own dear handwriting! What does lie,
f ay ' to the lpvifig little wife he has not
seen for so long?' And she tears 'open [
the letter the sen*ant gives her and
j reads: ':
My own- litt'eblrd: Don't let on yftu've
f vf r seen. me before or. that I bought you
win*. Myf.ife's in t£*.aud!6nfc6&n<l she's
wor%6 t flan a bunch ot wildcats and uglleri
tbaii a Populist's, whiskers. ' So; keep still
about me. lovey-dovey, - and - you 7 shall *
swim in champagne nest time we meet.
Lovingly, -——•'
"And then canic pa"« name siimcd in
lull. . Wc!i!, Maybe ours wasn't a hapuv
little homfHhat nit?ht! I went to stav
with another boy for the next week, and
when I came back pa said he'd been jo
near death he didn't have the heart r r>
send me through the Pearlv Gates ahead
of h:m. and he let me o* wjth an exter
nal application of barrel staves^"
"But about this vaudeville business.
H<w*d you 'like i to. take in a show to
night? Glorious girls—fine sh3oes—
?ongs that'll make you sit up—decol
lete———" ¦ -.
"You're on I" interrupted the old ero
cen*man. "I'm with you everv time. Is
it another of them show* where I've Kot
to.cro*-d into a hard-boiled, shirtTand a
claw-hammer coat? 'Cause that fresh
constable pulled both tails off mv coJt
at the Opera-house last nieht-:^ "
¦'Then you can, wear it a* a Tuxedo
and be tight in the swim." suggested the
Bad Boy- "We'll dine here at the hotel
and start for the theater at 8. So long!
I've' got to lunch .with George Gould
arid 'attend a dogfight this afternoon at
Mrs. Astdr's. Take care ;of yourself to
day and if any one asks^vour name sav
you're Jisn: Jeffries. Then no one \nll
pick a iiuarrei with you • (o r evervbo J\»
knows a champion can't fitrht without
three month's' free advertising in the pa
per*. Bye-bye."
r Promptly; at 8 that evening* the'two
ctifted: for the' theater. The Bad; Bov
was»iinU?us,lly polite to his old frien'l.
Sornudilso that. the 'did man/ who wns
used to watching f for luch.'svnlbtom*.*
began to look out for trouble. ' *¦
They reached^the Music Hall a little
too early for the performance and stood
(CcpyTigkt, 1901. by the Press Pub
lishing Cezxpany, New York
World. All rights reserved and
irfriEg'ers -will b« prosecuted.)
T 5? AVE you ever been to a vsude*
; ville showr" a*ked the Bad Bov,
** a«-he z.nd ihe old crocerj'man
met 2t breakfa*t rest morr.ine and were
plar.nin^ the day's entertainment.
The boy asked the question nervouMj
~t. i there was a certain note of propitia
tion in hi$ manner; for the old jroCrrv
man wa* behaving in a way he did no«
ci:'*f under'tand.
t>1d man did not rep!r at once.
All morning he had been unusually
silem and seemed to be revblvine «om*
matter in his mind. At time* his' ere.
would h^ht on the Bad Br»v uith an ex
pression the latter couM net quite make
out.
"Ever been to a vaudeville show?"
repeated the bov.
•Wo." replied the sroccrvmin shortly.
'What sort of thing U it? Another
scheme for palming ir.e off as a harm
less lunatic or only a plan to 2e^.me
thrown out of a opery-hou$e or a sleep
in' car?"
The Bad Boy whistled softly to him
self. He uw by the old'srocervman's
speech that the worm was turning an4
saw he mast throw in the soft-soap.
•Now. fee here, old chap." h e 5a ;^
persuasively, "you . don't want to j*tt
cheuinji the rac over little thinza like
that. You pot 3*our«flf into thoie
scrape*, and then alone came I and ao:
you out; and now you fhove the blame
on me. No* that isn't $QTivt. If I'd
wanted to get you in trouble do~ you
suppose I'd have broucnt v6u ail thc
uay to New York to do^t? Whv. I
used to find it easy ehouch to plav hor>e
with you without taking you one step
z'tvay "from your native town. you
remember ho* I used to- — r"
"Yes," intcrruotcd the old sroccrv-
*he weather
HERE art tome cf tfi« tartnts in
»t!ch Mllort hav% lofla* b*ll*v«4;
Tnunder on Sunday 1> considered
by the weath«rw!ie th« ?!sn of the
death of a great man; on Monday th«
death cf a woman: on Tuesday, tf In -ar!v
fur.m»r. It foretells an abundance of
grain: on Wednesday, warfare Is threat*
ened: on Thursday, an abundance of
*heep and corn tn* farmer may rtckou
upon: tin- Friday toma fMai rain will b«
murdered; on Saturday a g?ner»l pesti
lence *nJ great mortality.
Friday's westher •hows what nuy b«
expected the following* Sunday: that is.
If It rains Knday noon, ther* wilt b* rain
on Sunday, but if Friday C* clesr. Son
day will be fine.
No weather U IU if the wind !• ¦tilt
If the tuil moon shall rtt« red. expect
wind
The sharper tise blast th» toaatri't is
A Hint yfllow »Xy a: lur.ict prelates
wind. *
Wht-n you »«« northern li< at* you may
cxptct cold •*#tth«r.
Haxy weather It thought topre^flosti
cat« frost In winter, taow !n spring.
f4ir weather In lumm-r and rain ifl au
tumn.,^ , t
8tnrm« that clear In th« ri^bt will bo
followed by a rainstorm/ ~"~<>- ¦*
Tnr«« foggy raofnints^wUl^luflly be
ZolKrvtd by a rafnatorm.
Whfn tha iky I* full of «t*n» expect
raln«.
If a cat waihe» heritlf calmly a,nd
•moothly th# wtath«r «tU b« fair, t! «h»
wt*l«s tl«r»*lf "*«*Jrtit t£« rf»!n* t*lta
your macklntoih with you. tf «n* lies
with her back to Ue flr» ta«re will be a
sfjuall.
''Wejl. is he John Jacob Aster ?"
"No, you old hayseed! -Of course he
ain't."
"He told me he *a«. Said he'd a
scheme to make ray fortune if I'd onlv
give him $100."
"What!!" yelled both '. blueco&ts in a
breath. gripping their clubs. •
"So I.give him the ruor.cv: but then I
got just a little bit suspicious and I
thought I'd ask you gentlemen."
By this time the 'policemen had borne
down upon the hapless boy tnd seized,
him by the coat.
• "Hello!" cried the Bad Boy. "what's
up? Has the old fellow sot into trouble
again? Don't mind him. . He's only a
harmless "
"Shut. up!" commanded one of the
policemen, while the other ; added:
"r""l saw the oM man give him the
money."
"Certainly he save it to me." agreed
the puzzled Bad Boy, "and I — — "
"Here, you green (roods sharp!" in
terrupted the first policeman, "anvthlna
you say now it liable to be used asrainst
you at your trial."
''Come along." said the second blue
coat, /'there's a crowd collecting We'll
have him searched at the station-house.
Old man. you come. too. and make the
charge. Why, where js the old man?" .
The groceryman hud vanished."
. At midnight the Bad Bov (after
spending three hours in a cell and bein*
searched and plied with a million ques
tions at the police station, and ha vine at
fast secured bail), returned in a state at
white fury to his hotel, v
jThere he ; : found, the old erocerrman
calmly^ awaiting his arrival.
"Thought fye'd^ turn uo sooner or
later*.'' cried the RrOcery'man in welcome.
before the Bad B6y could frame words
.of a hue blue, enough for the occasion.
"I've had a most inttfestin 1 evenin* .u
that vodyveel show of ours. No one to
cet.me in trouble. No one to make. a
fool of me: no one to make me Go erarr
things. It was a refreshin* season. And
now sr: tight down and tell me aU about a
what's happened to you. You loox
kinder peevish.- I hope - nothin't cone
wrong." GEORGE \V. PECK.
THE SUNDA Y CALL.
11THE SUNDAY CALL.
12VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 51.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901— THIRTY-TWO, .PAGES.
QUEEN VICTORIA, ENGLAND'S STRICKEN SOVEREIGN,
. . Continued on : Page : Twenty-five*
IMPORTANT CHANGES
, IN MEXICAN CABINET
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 19.— A dispatch from
Monterey, Mexico, says: It Is stated in
Government official circles that . a. number
of changes,' In the Cabinet of President
Diaz will occur just prior to his departure
for Europe, which will be 1 within the next
few. weeks. »' El ,T*ais of • the City of Mex
ico publishes the following proposed'Cab
in^t changes: Igriaclo Mariscal, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, will' be appointed Min
isters, of. Communications and Public
Works, which' corresponds with that of
Secretary ;;of 'the -Interior in the United
States;! General Mena, whom he will suc 7
ceed, will . be /appointed Minister Plenipo
tentiary, and ;Envoy Extraordinary of
Mexico at .' Berlin ; Jose Ives \ LJmantour^
Minister of , Finance, .will remain Minister
of Finance. , It is announced that General
Manuel Gonzales iOosio.i Minister of ', the
Interior, will accompany President, Diaz
on his trip' abroad, and ,Guillermo?Delan- ;
day ;Escandon ¦. will -be' appointed ¦ Minister
of 1 the Interior. Jose . lyes: B. Limantour
•will by virtue of , the' law act as President
of \ the < republic * during ' President i Diaz's
absence. <^UHSH&^ifi£^:
forbade those around her to eay that she
was ill. The Queen Victorian tradition
and etiquette decreed that she is never ill
and so with dogged determination she
fought off the ravages that worry over
the Boer war, the deaths in her own fam
ily and her Increasing years have brought
upon her. But against the ruthless hand
of nature even the Imperial resolve of the
ruler of the great empire . proved f uttla
and with a pitiful realization of the inev
itable she shut herself off from her en
tourage. For two nights she dined alona
and never stirred from the apartments
she occupied at Osborne.
Humbly— for this woman ruled her court
with no uncertain hand— her court officials
implored her to seek medical advice.
These messages she steadfastly Ignored,
and though to-night her condition is ad
mitted to be most serious there are in at
tendance only E>rs. . Powell and Reid.
Doubtless the Princo of Wales will to
morrow secure additional medical talent.
Her Majesty I lies helpless and almost
speechless in her bed in Osborne House,
surrounded by every comfort Fruit,
flowers, ice and all the accessories of
modern medicine are at hand. Osborne
House is buried amid a , gloomy park of
flr%; The wind comes up from the chan
nel and surges through the trees like ' a
Engllsh without the august presence o*
one who has endeared herself to her peo
ple'in a peculiar manner and to a degree
unattainable by the sovereign of any
other land."
The Sunday Special says: "Under the
circumstances the nation may mourn for
the sovereign they have lost; but surely
the sovereign is as happy in her death as"
In life, nor has there ever been a ruler
more worthy of the epitaph Sir Henry
Lawrence wished to be his. the nobest a
man or woman can desire, 'She tried to do
her duty.' "
Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper says: "His
tory will proclaim, in the words of the
poet, 'She wrought her people lasting,
good.' There can be.no gainsaying the
fact that the people in return love the
Queen as no sovereign was ever loved be
fore." ,
.. The Observer says: "Th« temoprary
deprivation of her Majesty's guidance and
counsel in the present circumstances must
be a serious blow to the Govercjient. It
is well known that she has personally ex
ercised a profound Influence on the policy
of the country, both internal and external.
If her health should, unhappily, necessi
tate a temporary reltnquishment of the
cares and exhausting routine of the state,
we may console ourselves that she has
marked out the path of duty which her
representative will only- have to follow to
achieve assured specess."
_ ONDON. Jan. 20,-9 a. m.— The
H official bulletins . regarding the
I , Queen, posted at the Mansion
I House and Marlborough House
¦¦¦¦^ on Saturdny, were read with ev-
ident. anxiety and discussed by
the large crowds constantly surrounding
them until a late hour of the night. At
the clubs the last\bulletln, saying there
was „ a "slight' improvement," , was re
ceived with" some incredulity, as more
than one private telegram: was shown ex
pressing »the-, most unfavorable view - of
the progress of her Majesty's illness^
-. Among; the '¦ominous . news of ,, the .pre
vious evening was the statement that the
Rev. Thomas < Davidson , %; D.;D., Bishop of
Winchester, 1 had been summoned and • had
reached Osborne late last night.
':, Some'of the newspapers issued editions
as ¦ late as 11 o'clock; 'and these i were ; eag
erly bought. They contained nothing, how
ever, to satisfy] the' pained '-. interest. The
Duke, of /, York'., was" .at ' York; House
late 'In' the evening, when it was an
nounced that-*he was not going to Osborne
until, to-day.'
¦ Besides : giving columns filled with the
latest" scraps ' of. * information., concerning
her^ Majesty's • condition^: the ; movements
of members ¦ of^ the royal i family, and per
sons connected "3 with ; the > court,' all ' this
xnornlnsr's' newspapers reflect -the fears of
the nation of a fatal termination of the
illness which has so unexpectedly stricken
down the aged monarch. They dwell at
length upon the deep love and. reverence
which the people cherish for the sovereign
who so long has guided the ship of state.
, The Sunday Times says: "The news
from Osborne House in the last few hours
has sent a thrill of anxiety not only
throughout these realms but wherever
the electric wires have flashed the intelli
gence. . There will be keen .suspense and
anxiety among her subjects until it i3
known Uhat she is out of danger. Queen
Victoria is not only revered by her own
people, but, without exception, is the most
universally beloved living. monarch Even
the country's present enemy. Kruser.the
'consequences " % of whose fatal ultimatum
caused no small part of her Majesty's suf
ferings, has frequently spoken admirably
of her. ; "Whatever ,may be the feeling on
the Continent about our countrymen, the
Queen Is an object of veneration and re
spect, and. it .'would excite universal sor
row were her, Majesty now, to pass away."
The Sunday Sun says: "There never was
a time when the Queen was more beloved.
Never has she been so near her people In
the course'of her long reign as during the
course of the war which has knit the em
pire together. It is impossible for any on©
to seriously consider 'Fin gland, and the
The information obtained by ¦: Router's
Telegram Company to the effect that it is
paralysis from which ; the] Queen is suf
fering is .based upon -the highest possible
authority. , By , Monday it » is ' likely ' that
The official bulletins may. safely be de
scribed as . optimistic. C Their,, vaguness ; in
describing the Queen's ailment may be
accepted as merely official evasions of the
facts.
Beyond , the bulletins nothing official Js
obtainable,. but : not a soul connected in
any way with Osborne House seems to
believe that her Majesty can survive this
attack. In fact,- locally, the announcement
of her death is awaited with something
approaching equanimity. Never in the
memory of her subjects has the Queen
been ill before, and now that at her ad
vanced agre she -has been stricken :" : it
seems to those who have lived around her
that it is Impossible for her to recover.
The village; wiseacres, who have seen her
from girlhood, wag their heads and say
it Is a sad day for] England.'. -?\
death dirge. A rails away stands the
lodge. Beyond its portals none but the
household can pass. ¦ On these portals,
without the. sovereign's knowing, are
posted bulletins announcing her condition.
London Press Dwells at Length Upon the Love of the British
c i People for Their Stricken Sovereign*
Forbids Those Around Her to Say That She Is 111 and Despite Their
Pleadings Steadfastly Refuses to Seek Medical Advice*
COWES, Jan. 19, midnight— A lo
cal' rumor, purveyed by Os
bofne House employes, declares
that the Queen cannot lire un
til Monday, but this receives
no official confirmation, though
It is admitted that it is scarcely
even likely that the Queen, if she recovers
a.t all, will regain the use of those vigor
ous faculties which have distinguished
fcpr among the women of all time.
Gathered at her bedside are the Prince
I end PrinceES of Wales. Princess Louise
and other members of the royal family,
while Mr. Ritchie, the Secretary of State
for Home Affairs, officially represents the
Cabinet. Lord Salisbury is in constant
telephonic communication with Osborne
House ar.il It wa's rumcred that he had ar
rived at Osborne House, but this does not
Ieppear to be true. Tht arrival of Em
pf ror William and other members of the
royal family Is anxiously awaited.
For three days the Queen ; has been kept
strictly to herself. The last time she
drove out in Cowea the rain beat down
heavily upon her. Even the natives, who
have grown to look upon her Majesty as
tn ordinary body, have noticed that she
Koked more delicate and shrunken than
t— a mere shadow cf her former self;
,: with feminine persistence the Queen
QUEEN'S IRON WILL IS UNSHAKEN
EVEN AT THE APPROACH OF DEATH
MOURNING IN ENGLAND'S CAPITAL
OVER THE NEWS FROM OSBORNE
ALBERT EDWARD, THE PRINCE OF WALES.
PARALYSIS
HASTENS
THE END
No Word of Hope
Comes From the
Royal Mansion*
? —
COWES. Isle of Wight. Jan. 19.
midnight.— The Queen lies at
death's door. She was stricken
with paralysis to-night.- Reu
ter's Telegram Company under
stands that the Prince of
Wales has received authority
to act in' her Majesty's stead, and thus
there has been created a practical though
not constitutional regency. '.¦'.
The Prince of Wales will go to, London
this morning,' where, with '.the Duke; of
York,- he will meet Emperor William.
Whether the Emperor will proceed^to Os
borne depends upon the result, of thin
.Interview. ;-.,-V-V>-'^_v^, ..... „ /¦!¦ ; '-;v?f*""^^sr-
XCOWES;.Isle bf~Wight,-Jan._20, la. m.—
TSpeciar cablegram to', the New York
World.)-7-Queen -Victoria is » t veryv near
death^ She suffered a second stroke of
paralysis, to-night.
The of Wales; has already been
given authority' to act In her "stead, thus
becoming actually, although not finally,
Regent of the empire.
A professional gentleman employed at
Osborne House was asked by the
World correspondent for the latest news
from the royal sickroom. His answer was:
"All majesty Is gone. Queen Victoria Is
sinjply an old woman, sleeping away the
last remaining days of her long life."
Orders have been sent to the Foreign
Office and the Colonial Office to have spe
cial staffs of clerks on duty to-day (Sun
day). This Is interpreted to Indicate the
expectation that tidings of the Queen's
death will have. to be sent to-day to the
colonies and to foreign powers.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— The ."World's corre
spondent can state on the best of author
ity thatdurlng'the past fortnlRht there
was a sinking on the left side of the body,
rendering the Queen practically helpless.
It Is understood that she had a slight
paralytic stroke in her sleep. Her time
has been passed since then in crying and
praying; especially : since the successive
.visits of Mr. Chamberlain. and Lord. Rob
erts she has been inconsolable.
The name of. Queen Victoria may, in
fact, be added with perfect justice to the
South African casualty list.
LONDON, Jan. 20, .12:30 a. m.— G. T.
Ritchie, Secretary, of State for the Home
Department, will arrive at Osborne to-day
an<l It Is expected Lord Salisbury will ac
company him. The Princess of Wales
has arrived at Osborne.
VIENNA PAPER
PRAISES QUEEN
Says She Labored at All Times for
the Alleviation of Human. .
Sufferings.
VIENNA, Jan. 19.— The Aftenblatt says:
During the many years of Victoria's reign
she has given so many proofs In unending
succession of her enlightened constitution
al understanding in all circumstances that
not even war or political passion can de
ter any one from absolving the Queen of
all responsibility for wrong or In honor
ing her In the high-minded lady who la
bored with all her strength at all ,tim23
for the alleviation of human suffering's.
LATEST BULLETIN FROM THE BEDSIDE OF GREAT BRITAIN'S DYING T1ONARCH.
• - -„•--... 4
LONDON, Jan. 20, 8:50 A. M.— A dispatch to the Exchange Telegraph Company from Cowes says: "It is learned unofficially this morning that
the Queen was alive at 7:15 A. M. Hsv condition is extremely grave and hopes are growing fainter."
Aged Sovereign Surfers Two Strokes of Paralysis and All England Realizes That the End of
Her Long Reign Is at Hand™ Weeping arid Praying Continually the Royal Invalid at Osborne
Awaits the Final Summons— Prince Albert Edward Is Placed in Charge of Affairs of State
QUEEN VICTORIA SLOWLY SINKING
INTO THE SLEEP OF DEATH AND
WALES ASS UMES THE REGENCY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to^The , rehabilitation of , monarchy in Brit
ain, which has | been one of ; the moat re-,
markable features of the last quarter of a
century,; is> due to :a variety* of : caus«»s,
most of which are obvious", enoughs First
and foremost, there was the superb exam."
pie furnished by the German armies ot the
efficiency and economy/ of ; a : system In i$jj
essence . monarchical. v-English avmpathy
was unmistakably.' with . the, Germans
against : the French, and ; although' certain
weaklings changed sides after Sedan,"! the
nation as a; whole was profoundly lm
presned; by ,the \ magnificent s spectacle : of
German loyalty and German discipline,* as
contrasted . with the immeasurable cor-
During the sixties I passed through my
teens; I attained my majority a few days
before 'ho declaration of war against
PrtiBPia, which revolutionized the map of
Europe. -destroyed the French empire and
established the third republic. So far as
I may he regarded as a sample unit of the
millions of undistinguished subjects of her
Majesty, tho crown had distinctly lost
ground since the Prince's marriage. The
death of the Prince Consort, the retreat
of the Queen, the reports widely, current
.is to the self-indulgent. '.habits ' of.thft
Prince. of Wales, had effaced much of. tho
good impression that' had been produced
between 1850 and 1861. * People said frankly
that the monarchy was safe enough as
long as the Queenlived, but that"as for
that young man, England -would - never
tolerate another Charles II or Prlnco Re
gent." The Prince was believed to ad
mire the fast life that was the rule at
Paris in the closing days of the third em
pire. Tomahawk published a cartoon rep
resenting the Prince as Hamlet, exclaim
ing to the ghost of George IV, "Nay, 1 I'll
.follow thee." The ' popularity . . of the
Princess of Wales tended to swell the re-,
action against her. husband. And all th»*
while the Queen moodily meditated in her
Highland retreat over her irreparable loss.
did not feel that we w»ri* within a meav
urable distance of an orderly but rapid
revolution. The recently published letter*
of Archbishop Magee have reminded us of
the. lugubrious forebodings with which the
sudden triumph of the radical reformers
filled the heart of many an acute observer.
The enfranchisement of- the .working
classes was followed by the. return of Mr.
Gladstone to power ' with a majority or
more ihnn a hundred.' The Conservatives
beheld with niotis horror, the ax of the
reformer laid at the root of the Irish
church, the Irish land system, university
teats and purchase in the army. National
education was taken in hand; the House
of Peers was openly threatened. The old
monarchy Itself seemed likely. In no short
Mme to he the object of attack. '
Then for a period the crown of England
went into eclipse. The retirement of the
Queen from the ceremonial of the court
and from all but the indispensable duties
of her position led after a 1 few. years had
passed to the circulation of -malicious -ru
mors not to be repeated here. "The nation,
escaping from the spell of Lord Palmer
ston's long ascendency, began -to : bestir
itself. When tha disfranchised million
clamored for their admission within the
pale of the . constitution .there was scant
leisure for noting the grace or the'gilding
of the royal coat of arms' that ¦ towered
aloft. The Queen by necessity of her
position took no public part for, or against
reform." .When" Hyde . Pa rk rail ing* ! went
down there .were, many who regarded their
fall as a portent foreshadowing- the speedy
overthrow of much 'more ancient- Insti
tutions. When Disraeli,' placed in power
by the party opposed to. a 'moderate Pre
form, dished -the Whigs "j, by, 'carrying
household suffrage there were - few who
Que*n in Mourning.
dreary day. But what matters mud under
foot when the. mind of youth 1s on high
amid the stars musing on thrones where
princes Bit and palaces where beauteous
princesses await their lords? It was a
day of intense delight, delight which'cul
minated when the. volunteers fired a feu
de joie. /It was but a sputtering and Ir
regular ..Volley of blank cartridge, but
what memories did the flashing: muzzle?
and tho smell of , powder arouse. In the
boyish rrilnd!" They were but AVakefield
volunteers firing a feu do joie, but they
represented the whole British army to. me,
and In the. rolling volley I heard echoes
of HotiRomont, and saw again tho fire
fringed line before which Napoleon's cuir
assiers recoiled smitten »nd broken into
Irremediable ruin. Then, at night" the Il
luminations v.ere to me mnrvelous excpeii-
Inffly. with the blazing pas jets festooned
Into Prince of Wales* feathers 'or* running
Ilk* a fringe of lambent light- to the very
summit of the lofty spire. Even now,
after the lapse of thirty-three years.' 1
can feel my pulse beat faster at the mem
ory of that great.. day, with its bonfires
and its bands, its banners and the roar, of
saluting cannon. It was a. royal day in
deed, worthy to be ever remembered for
holiday and festive sport, still gleaming
bright across tho years with a radiance
that nothing can extinguish. Thus the
work wont on — grief and joy, death and
love, weaving together ever closer and
closer the nation and the; family at its
head. Funeral 'cars and wedding coaches
were alike but shuttles in the hands of the
Master Weaver. Whether the thread wag
white or black, tha work of the loom went
on.
When the destinies decide to do- a thing
thoroughly they, neglect no'means to se
cure their end, taking as much care about
the thrums and tatters as about the warp
and .woof. Hence it U necessary in this
survey; of the pilgrimage of a republican
to the monarchy to call attention to an
incident which, compared with the events
just describcd,\ partakes. of. thelnature-of
the ludicrous. ".; It was Justat the very
turning point'Of the crisis — the watershed
between . the two systems— that^ the mali
cious fates deemed. Uniting td use one
The Dllke Campaign.
While this great object lesson was burn
ing itself with cannon flash and bursting
shell Into the mind of the nation the per
versity of the House of Lords suddenly
compelled Mr. Gladstone to resort to the
royal prerogative for the purpose of abol
ishing purchase in the army. Then it was
discovered by. our democracy, almost for
the first time, that the power of the crown
Is a great latent force at the command
of the people. The royal prerogative, and
the royal prerogative alone,, can cut the
gordian knot of the rival authority of
Lords and- Commons. The scepter of the
sovereign' is by our "constitution wielded
bythe elect of the people/ Thus at the
same time that .the Germans had "demon
strated that kingship was a living reality
capable of standing the severest tests, the
English suddenly, discovered that in, their
monarchy they had In reserve an Invinci
ble reinforcement for the cause of the
people. ¦_ _ ¦ ••¦¦•¦'•
ruption, treachery- and inefficiency of the
French, who, although under the empire,
were essentially democratic. For a little
while It was possible 1 that the French re
public might, by raising again the old
Hag of the revolution, evoke the potent
passions which in 1843 shook Europe to its
center. The expectation was disappointed.
Garibaldi took the field as an ally of the
republic, but j his countrymen • occupied
Romp ill virtual alliance with Germany
and that was nil. All hope from that quar
ter was dashed to the ground by the mad
outbreak of the Commune. Paris after 1871
was no longer the storm center of Europe.
The republic was only a republic in name.
It r was controlled, by men who detested
every Idea that had made republicanism
the ideal of our youth.. The glamour wa$
gone. Judged by the supreme test of
wager of nnttle. the ideas of our modern
democrats had been found woefully want
ing. The institution of/kingship was vin
dicated in full day not as a belated suv
vivalor an antiquarian curiosity but as a
supremely capable-institution as helpful
to the modern man as to his progenitor
in the days of Charlemagne.
The Prince did not die, but .we all wrote
obituary notices at great length, and had
leading articles in type headed "Death of
the Prince of Wales." Then night after
night we went down and waited till the
last bulletin came to hand before writing:
another leader. And I verily believe that
the suspense, prolonged for nearly a whole
week, with the Intense realizing sense of
all that was involved in the struggle for
life' that- went on in the sickbed at Sand
ringham, finally extinguished the last
smoldering embers of republicanism In
England. The typhoid fever did more for
the monarchy than the monarchy had
done for itself, and when the solemn
thanksgiving wm held in St. Paul's for
the Prince's recovery, tha cation gave
thanks not merely for the Prince restored
to health but for the deliverance, of tha
British monarchy from the danger which
had apparently menaced its security.
It was shortly after the recovery of the
Prince of Wales, that. I -.first saw the.
Queen. The moment was one when I was
suffering the full force of the cruel disil
lusion that overwhelmed all ardent Radi
cals after the general election of 1S74. It
is difficult to-day to recall the implicit
faith with which, after the establishment
of household suffrage and tha election of
the Radical Parliament of 1369. it waa*fle
lievt-d that the nation had entered upon an
Then it was that the opportune illness
of the Prince of Wales gave the final blow
to the house of cards which the republi
cans had been so assiduously building. It
sounds very brutal to say it, but there
were many who, when, the disease first
seemed likely to be » fatal, were by no
means disposed to regret a demise which
would deliver the. nation from a ruler
whom they believed unworthy to be the
sovereign of a Christian land. I wellire
member in those days a stalwart Radical
coming into the editorial sanctum of the
Northern Echo and saying. "What are
you going to say in your obituary leader?"
I said I had not made up my mind. Tho
¦Prince^was not dead yet. "Well." said
my visitor, "take my advice and just print
a column blank or with asterisks. Then
in the center print this, 'De mortuls nil
nl?l bonunu' " So saying my Radical
friend went his way.
Just about this' time the finishing stroke
was given to the last lingering remnant
of the old guard of republicans. In the
interviews and articles which In thosa
days used to appear In the press dlscuss-
Jng the probable date for the' overthrow
of the monarchy It was openly eaid that
while the Queen lived nothing would be
done. "But mark my words, sir," the re
publican apostles, would declare, "that
young- man will never ascend the throne.
It will never be permitted." The reports
about the Prince were relied upon as the
trump cards of the party of the revolu
tion. "We will not have this man to
reign over us," was an expression heard
in many places usually free from the con
tagion of republican bias.
The intrinsic absurdities of the Dllke
campaign contributed to swell the force
of the opposing current. It became evi
dent that the events of the previous year
had taught their lesson. There waa no
republican ralb 1 * in the provinces. The
Radicals carped at royal allowances, de
siring,' as the Spectator used to say, to
keep the throne, but to drape it in cotton
velvet; but even this pinch-penny repub
lican propaganda dwindled away and died.
familiar with the scathing "Impeachment
of the House of Brunswick." by Mr.
Bradlaugh, reveled In. the youthful baro
net's elaborate demonstration that Gold
stleks-ln-Walting were more expensive
than footmen, and that the trappings of
a constitutional monarchy cost ever bo
many more pence than the somber habili
ments of the president of a republic. I
remember leaving the meeting with a
sense of bitter humiliation. To this depth
of inane trifling then had sunk the repub
lican enthusiasm that had flamed heaven
high in 1S4S! Elaborate arithmetical cal
culations that we might possibly, by dis
pensing with the monarchy, save our
selves the cost of an extra pot of beer!
Twopence halfpenny per head all round
as the inducement to rouse the British
nation to an attack upon the monarchy
of Alfred, of tha Edwards, of Elizabeth
and of Victoria— the Inducement was too
ridiculous, and even if It had been ade
quate it would have been unspeakably
sordid. ' ¦; ¦ •
"been much more than a name to me. hut
the sudden .quickening *ense in sympathy
with those who were mourning their, dead
revealed the existence of a new link.
Queen arid plebeian, we stood equal before
the bier of death. How that bell tolled,
tolled, -tolled that night; each iloiw and
heavy stroke falling heavy on tho'achinR
heart, reviving tin- memories of the de
parted, and .blending; sovereign ami sub
ject in the communion of a common grief.
Lcn than two year? passed and joy had
succeeded mourning and the bridal blos
som phone brightly instead of the widow's
weeds. What a sudden thrill of delight
there ran through the school when.it wag
announced that the marriage of the
Prince of Wales to the Princess Alexan
dra was to be kept as a public holiday, In
which the school was to share. A whole
holiday at Silcoates in mid-term was a
rare, almost unprecedented event, a boon
from the gods not to be credited easily or
spoken of lightly. Not only were there to
be no lessons all day, not even prepara
tion at night, but the boys were to go to
town to see the procession, to admire the
decorations, and possibly— although this
was hardly to be hoped for— to see the il
luminations. I think we mads more fuss
in anticipation over the 'Prince's wedding
than ten years after I made about my
own. The Sea King's daughter from over
the sea was the universal heroine. Her
beauty, her simplicity, her goodness all
helped to idealize her to an extent some
what overshadowing, the .bridegroom?
When the eventful day "came and the
Joy bells' pealed from the steeple -the
streets wera filled with eager multitudes,
of whom there was no one more eager and
keen than I. It was the first great pop
ular function at which I had ever taken
part even as a spectator. It was all so
wonderfully novel, so strange.so thrilling.
Not even the marvelous spectacle of the
abbey on jubilee day, when the Queen and
all her children knelt „ in thanksgiving'
before , Almighty God in th« presence of
all the notables of the empire, affected
me so, much as the humble attempt at
decoration and- the* simple procession
through the streets of Wakefield twenty
one years before. It was a somewhat
Nor was it only In pleasurable incidents
that the family Justified its position. The
bond 'was drawn dill more closely by
death than by wedlock. Of this I can
speak from personal experience. When a
boy of twelve I was sent from home for
the first time In my life to a boardins
tcboo! in Yorkshire. A few months later,
ns we r.-ero poincr Into supper one night,
the passing boll began to toll, and thu
Tiewi spread, from mouth". to mouth that
Prince Albert was dead. He had never
A Boyal "Wedding.
The next day in my calenda'r was the
first wedding in the royal family. I was
then a boy of ten or eleven. We kept up
a kind of make-believe that we did not
care about such trivialities, but as a mat
ter of fact we carefully cherished a col
ored print of the Princess Royal, and
worked ourselves up into quite a state of
excitement over her future. We did not
like the look of the Prince of Prussia as
he appeared in the prints. He did not
seem good enough for her. And my
father, who was ever much exercised in.
his dear old heart about German neology,
shook his head gravely over the marriage.
Mother did not like it either, and I think
we should have all been devoutly glad if It
had been broken oft. But It came to pass,
and It Is a curious instance of the hold
the family had established even in that
republican household that I remember the
Incident of the royal marriage far more
vividly to-day,, than even . any of the
ghastly incidents of the Indian mutiny.
We had already begun to take a personal
interest in the family. It was our family.
Republicans though we were, we were
English, and as long "as the monarchy
lasted." etc. Such were the salves with
which we plastered our consciences. But
looking back upon it now, after the lapse
of thirty years, I can better appreciate the
inestimable political and imperial advan
tage of having at the forotop of the state
not a politician, but a family, every do
mestic episode in the life of whose mem
bers weaves a new thread of living: inter
est between the head of the state and the
humblest of tho citizens.
saw and marveled and, rejoiced it. was a
portent indeed.
The exhibition wa» the Prince Consort's
child. -It was his Idea,, and Its, success
was in no small measure the result of -his
untiring energy, his sagacious prescience
e.r.d his capacity to oversee and overrule.
Prince Albert could never have achieved
-this treat result had he not been Prince
Consort It was from the steps of the
throne he waa able to inaugurate and -to
direct an enterprise which to the imagin
ation of our fathers seemed to promise
the full significance of which is to this
day but imperfectly appreciated.
family at "Windsor. Tha first great in
ternational exhibition of 1651 was an event
Insensibly brought the republican family
on Tyneside into touch with the royal
war, but otherwise my personal associa
tion with the Crimean war is of the
slightest. The Indian mutiny is not link
td with the Queen in my memory.
' I have, however, omitted mentioning
one notable link In the chain that almost
ery- A Russian battery was built at Jar
row, shipyard too late to take part In the
part, and my memory vaguely conjures
Dp associations of her Majesty bidding
farewell to a one-armed general, and hav
ing something to say to Lord Colin Camp
bell, who, why I don't remember, was
much the most popular hero in our nurs-
kh<? the Queen of England!
The Crimean war came on. A child of
five or even ft boy of seven hears but
vajrue echoes of thcFe far-off events. But
I remember a picture of the Queen on a
white horse reviewing troops about to de-
ceptible now. bat unsuspected then, the
first KTm of the sense of otrnersnip In
lh»> ' Quern r whf<h when- fully developed
jrsskes every . Kngllshmnn a prouder man
to-Jay wh<ii tie' refleSks; upon the glories
of the reign. -Kttt »n my ra>r- the budding
rense of identity with the Quern;, as rep
jesentativ* of the whole nation, Jjegan
with a feeling of anything but pride,
rather. Indeed, a feeling- of humiliation
1hat she had let that fellow kiss her, and
felt, and in that there lay, plainly per-
lic was the avowed ideal of my father's
poUtfcml dreams. He was born the son of
a Sheffield cutler, in the days when Shef
field cutlers were Radicals much Riven to
rattf-ning. He shared the political pas-
Fions of Kbenezer Klllott. and to his dying
day he never could free himself from his
prejudice against the Torv aristocracy as
the class that taxed the people's bread.
•' 'Twould be a good thing for England,"
he used to eay in his prim, jocular fash
ion, "if our whole aristocracy could be put
¦nn board an old hu!k and scuttled in mid
Atlantic" As for the Queen, his note was
one of contemptuous toleration rather
than of active dislike. "A pood woman.
no doubt," he said, "but she has only to
t-ign her name. Any goose that could
Msrn her name would do. as well." Not
withstanding which political heresies
based on sheer lack of information and
the distorting influences of early environ
ment, my father was one of the best of
men. the most law-abiding of citizens, and
the kindest parent boy could ever have.
Kissed by Napoleon.
It is necessary To make this explanation
to render conceivable the curious, little
feeling of resentment which is the very
first feeling I can remember associating
with the person of her Majesty. It must
be more than forty years ago. If it is a
day, but I remember as well as if it only
happened yesterday the odd boyish feel
ing that something had gone wrong some
how in the world at larpe when the news
tame that our Quern Victoria had gone
over to Franco and had been kissed — ac
tually been kissed— by Ix>uis Napoleon.
Who I^ouis Napoleon was 1 at that time
could have no notion. But to my parents
he was the man of December 2. the crim
inal of the Coup d'Etat, the usurper who
had strangled the republic in the night
after he had tworn before, high heaven
to defend Jt to the death. In common
with many others they resented— and
rightly— the haste with which Lord Palm
efston condoned the trrarherous assassi-.
ration of the republic, and they bitterly
irrudBod the embrace which our pood
Queen Rave to the usurper whose fingers
Ktlll dripped with the blood of hi* mas
sacred fellow citizens. "She ought not
to ha T e let him kiss her," was all that 1
ONE cf the most graphic re
views of th© principal inci
dent* in the reign of Queen
Victoria appeared In the
March <1WT> number of the
Review of Reviews. It waa
by William T. Stead, a
well-known English jour
nalist. After a general Introduction he
proceeded as follows:
How and when and where it was that I
first conceived any deflnite idea of the
Queen as a visualized entity actually ex
isting in material shape on the surface of
this' planet I do not remember. But I can
remember very well the first picture . of
tho Queen that ever attracted my atten
tion. It is the portrait by which she is
best known to millions, the only picture
of their sovereign indeed which many of
them have ever -seen. It is the Queen's
head on the penny postage stamp. The
old unperforated red 6tamp was com
monly called In our home a Queen's
Head. I remfmber being told when I
:-.sked if the Queen was like that that she
was not so good looking. For there was
to idealizing of royalty in our home. Chil
dren nowadays, thank? to photography
and illustrated journalism, are familiar
•with the features cf the Queen. Hut in
those days it was otherwise.
In St. Petersburg in every Government
office and police station you are confront
ed with the painted or printed picture of
the Czar, who pilently looks down upon
you from the wall as if \o emphasize the
fact that everything Is done by his auto
cratic authority. The Queen's portrait
confronted us nowhere. Only on the nost
sje stamp did we pee the semblance of
¦the Queen's head. And how many mil
lions I wonder to this very hour, all our
modern appliances notwithstanding, have
never seen any ether portrait of her Ma
jesty but that on a-postage stamp? An
other image, however, must not be omit
ted. The conception produced by the
jvptag-e stamp was modified by the effigy
•rn the penny. They were gr^at big cart
wheels of copper in those days, bearing
in high relief the uncrowned head of her
Majesty. The difference between the two
¦omewbat puzzled the youthful mind,
which was thus early introduced to dif
fering authorities.
Thus equipped, with due foundation of
nursery rhyme and Bible stories and
lamiliarized by postage stamp and penny
jjiece with the Queen's image. I embarked
upon the next stape in the voyage of lite
—that critical section wherein the vast
I'nknown world of the printed page optns
its marvels to the eye, and the child
learns to read. Reading soon became a
delight, and in reading history my ideas
of queens began to expand.
This brings me to the political starting
point which 1 found waiting for me when
] began to think of things. Independent*
—my father was an Independent minister
—were by tradition opponents of the mon
archy. Oliver Cromwell is the hero saint
<-.f the denomination, which kept his mem
ory prffn during the dismal years that
passed before Thomas Cailyle arose to
<i!.=inter the Lord Protector from the rub-
I'ish heap under which Ills memory hail
Veen buried. Add to th'.s that I was born
in the midst of a passionate upheaval of
republican enthusiasm. I wag a child of
1S4S-H. Down to the seventies my political
heroes were the republican apostles, the
Mazzini*. the Garibaldis, the Kossuths,
The Victor Hugos of the European revo
lution. In our home the American repub-
the dawn of millennial peace.. The dream
passed. But the memory of the vision and
of its artificer remained. In" the 'record
of the re-establlshment of the prestige of
the constitutional monarchy in this coun
try the exhibition "of 1S51 will occupy ' a
more prominent position than any that
has yet been accorded to it. It may not
have Impressed the statesman and the
diplomat. But to the silent million which
Xor was that tha only causa ror a
change of sentiment, which Is important
merely because of the unimportance of
the individual who is thus narrating his
pilgrimage from republicanism to mon
archy. If I had been any one exceptional
either by birth, education or opportunity,
these confessions would have been less
interesting. It Is just becausa I was an
ordinary, average Knglish boy. born In a
remote village and reared outslda tho con
ventional "loyal" pale, that I have deemed
it worth while to begin my aeries of
studies of the Queen and the Queen's
reign by explaining exactly where I stood
and where I stand, in the hope lhat a
frank personal survey of tha step^ which
led me from ona position to tha other
may help us to understand the great
change that has taken place in the last
fifty years In the attitude of the radical
masses toward the crown.
It may at least be said for monarchy,
as it has been said for the stage— it has
given woman an opportunity and a ca
reer denied her elsewhere. No system of
government as yet devised by man. save
monarchy alone, could have secured for
a woman such an inning as our Queen
has had. All existing republican systems
have carefully provided against tha pos
slbility of any woman ever having ami
sucb chance tv denying to all won- •
But elsewhere! To this hour I cannot
recall without pain the memory of that
overwhelming disappointment. The re
turn of Mr. Disraeli to power at the head
of a Conservative majority shattered
everything at one fell blow. It seemed as
if the underpinning of the world had given
way as if the sun had reversed its course
through the sky. Where then was cur
falth in the people? What had become of
our fond confidence In the democracy.
What could be thought of the sovereign
electorate which had elected such a man
as Disraeli to rule over them? Sick an.l
sad at heart I was pondering these ques
tions when, In a holiday taken after tha
general election. I came to Windsor and
saw the Queen.
I saw her at Windsor railway station.
and was not impressed. I was not in my
idealizing humor. My old idol had fallen
shattered, but the ruins rendered Impos
sible the installation of a new idol in tha
vacant shrine. The familiar scene, tha
small crowd, the red carpet, the liveriel
servants, the little figure in black—walk
ing slowly across the platform to th© car
riage into which she disappeared from
view— that was all. "So that was tha
Queen!" Like the jrussy cat of the nursery
rhyme I had been to London and had seen
the Queen— and thought nothing of it.-
But next Sunday at the Congregational
Church in Windsor I heard the minister
pray for the Queen and all the royal fam
ily, not as if they were a coat of arms,
but as if they .were living human beings,
friends and neighbors of us all. I remem
ber feeling as if for the first time I real
ized the personality of the Queen as a liv
ing woman.
Republican enthusiasm was sick xm*o
death. The Pari*an Commune had
burned up the faith that might have In
spired the French resublic Across the
Atlantic the monstrous peculation of
Tammany obscured the fair ideal of th*
men of the Mayflower. At home, what
could be thought of a democracy that
made tha Barabbas choice of Disraeli?
But I was very far from caring much for
tha monarchy, and any nascent uncon
scious faith I might have had in its pos
sibilities of usefulness was rudely tried by
the policy of Disraeli. The alteration of
the royal title began It. and the sickening
orgie of Jingoism ended it. The detesta
' tion which Lord Beaconsfleld inspired in
tha Gladstonians In those days was like
nothing else In our time. The early Rad
icals hated Castlereagh as much; they
could not hate him more. To our thinking
Disraeli had tarnished tha crown, dis
graced the country, betrayed the cause of
humanity in the East, embarked on wan
ton wars. and. to crown all. had made tha
very name of imperialism to stink in tho
nostrils of all sane and sober Englishmen.
And through that discreditable chapter of
British history the Quaen was paraded as
tho special friend of tha evil Minister.
Whence sprang "Verax" pamphlets and
newspaper articles innumerable, to which,
mayhap. I In my small way contributed
my full share.
But the blight passed. Lord Beacons
field fell to rise no more, and the evil
taint of hia administration lingered but
for a short space around the throne.
Within a few months of the formation of
the Gladstona administration I was lr.
London, and what followed, can ba told /
in a few sentences. The nearer I came
to the center and heart of the. adminis
tration, the more closely I was able to sea
tha actual workings of the executive gov
ernment, the more I learned to appreciate
the inestimable advantage of having in the
very Innermost sanctuary of tha empire
a human being, head of a family which
will not pass with an adverse election,
with whom in all the graver affairs of
state Ministers must take counsel befora
they act. I realized more clearly than
ever before how the security, the con
tinuity and th© prosperity of Britain de
pended much less upon tha politicians and
much more upon tha permanent^ the per
manent family above and the permanent
services below. When I went abroad and"
especially when 1 visited the great repub
lic of my earlier ideals I realized as I had
never done before the^enormous advantage .
of having the national unity and our im
perial greatness embodied in a person who
is carefully trained for that position from
the cradle, and who in attaining It Is not
compelled to maka Intense political ene
mies of one-half of tha nation. To have
created a center of equilibrium in the
midst of »11 tha forces which surge and
sway hither and thither. in the turmoil
and strain of modern life, to have mad*
this central point the source of all honor
and the symbol of all dominion, and to
have secured it at once from the strife
of tongues and tha conflict of parties,
without at the same time endangering th«
liberties of the subject or the supremacvj
of law— this. Indeed, I hav© learned to r*.H
gard as one of the most signal achieve
ments of our race.
Study of the Reign.
era In which such thing* as Conservative
majorities were to be as Impossible as the
return of the mastodon. In the north of
England this belief was a fixed idea. Mr.
Gladstone was not advanced enough, for
the dwellers between the Tyne and th»
Tees He was too tender to the estab
lishment. He was even in things political
a Conservative at heart. He was too
much given to compromise.^ But let the
people speak, then we should sea all this
hesitating, half-hearted shilly-shallying
swept by the board, and the enfranchise*
democracy would make short work ofal!
that stood in the way of "fora. Jh»
working classes were sound at heart. Tha
mere suggestion of a Conservative work
ingman was hailed with derisive laughter.
An appeal to the constituencies was al
ways la our idea, in those deluded days.
to be to the Liberal party like the rein
vigoratlng contact between the brawny
Antaeus and mother earth. When Mr.
Gladstone dissolved Parliament in the
early months of 1874 we all bellied tha*
he had taken a short cut to certain vic
tory. So far as the north was conce.nM
we were right. We knew our 0*™**°?%
The county of Durham in the fell hour of
Conservative reaction returned an un
broken phalanx of thirteen Radical mem
bers to the new Parliament.
Disraeli's Return.
MASTERLY REVIEW OF THE LONGEST REIGN IN ALL HISTORY
Events in the Royal Family
Breezily Chronicled,
who was*hen a rising Radical pollUcian
for the purpose' of forcing home to the
sober sens© of the nation the lesson of re
cent events. It was my fortune to be
present at the lecture room. Newcastle
on-Tyne, when Sir Charles Dllke. Bart.,
M P., launched his famous diatribe
against the cost of the crown. The meet
ing was crowded and enthusiastic The
lecture room audiences, In those days
English Journalist's Study of
Victorian Period.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
14Annual Banquet and Meeting of
American Chamber of Com
merce in Paris.
PARIS. Jan. .19. — The annual; banquet
and meeting of the American Chamber of
Commerce In Paris was held to-night.
There was a large .; attendance. Henry
Peartree, president of *the chamber, occu
pied the chair. "William Seligman and
United States Consul General Gowdy. were
the only speakers, the former replying to
a toast to the Franco-American relations.
Mr. Gowdy, In the course of his remarks,
produced figures 6howlng an • increase \ in
exports from France. to the United States
In 1900 of 4,000,000 francs over those of 1SS9.
INCREASE TS EXPORTS
FROM FRANCE TO AMERICA
Edison In Contempt.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Thomas A. Edi
son Jr. has been adjudged in contempt by
Judge Fteedman of the Supreme Court for
failing to obey an order which directed
him to surrender $400,000 of the stock of
the Steel and Iron Process Company, and
an order has been entered against him
Comparing the exports for the years 1S94
tc 189G, Inclusive with those of 1S9S to 1900,
Inclusive, he showed that there had been
an increase for the latter period of 85,0u0,
000 francs. .
v Mr. Peartree voluntarily relinquished
the presidency of tho chamber after his
long term of service, and Francis Jvimball
was elected president and Henry Ca chard
vice president. The other officers retain
their positions.
Just as the banquet was breaking up
Consul Genern.1 Gowdy aaked those pres
ent to raise their glasses, but not to drink,
as an expression of hope for the recovery
of the health of Queen Victoria. All re
sponded, standing silently with their
glasses upraised for an instant.
?
Wire Works Burned.
NEW YORK. Jan. 1!).— The W. A. Clark
Wire Works at Elizabeth, N. J., were
burned to-night. Loss $50,000.
Continued on Page TVenty-flve.
The continued . necessity for ' an ' emer
gency fund Is found to exist in the unset
tled state of affairs in the Far East to
enable •¦ the department to meet contin
gencies which it is Impossible to antici
pate with sufficient accuracy to specific
ally estimate for. . - •
The following places receive appropria
tions for naval work:' Portsmouth, $378,-
S00: Boston. $52(5.000: New York. $1,009,000;
League Island. 5G05.230; Washington. $31S.-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— The naval ap
propriation bill was reported to the House
to-day with an elaborate statement of its
plans by Chairman Fosa of the Naval
Committee. The bill carries $77,016,635, the
largest amount ever reported to the House
from the Committee on Naval Affaire.
This Is $11,865,718 above the bill of last
year and $10,229,395 below the estimates
submitted by the Navy Department.
Concerning the new ships for the navy
the report saj-s:
"For the purpose of further Increasing
the naval strength of the United States
the committee recommends that the
President be authorized to have built by
contract two unsheathed sea-gclng bat
tleships, carrying the heaviest armor
and the most powerful ordnance for ves
sels of their class, upon a trial displace
ment of about 14,000 tons each, to havo
the highest practicable speed and great
est radius V of action, and to cost, ex
clusive of armor and armament, not ex
ceeding $3,850,000 each, and two unsheathed
armor cruisers, carrying tho heaviest
armor' and most powerful ordnance for
vessels of their class, upon a, trial dis
placement of about 14,000 tons each, and
to have the highest practicable speed
and greatest radius of action, and to cost,
exclusive of armor and armament, not
I excec-Ging $4,0W,<A p y. Tne maximum cost of
1 the vessels herein authorized, exclusive
of armor and armament, will be $15,700,-
The bill provides that not more than
one battlesnlp or armored cruiser shall
bo built in one yard or. by one party, and
the usual provision is made that at least
one and not more than two, of the bat
tleships and armored cruisers shall b«
built on the Pacific Coast.
Of the appropriations for the various
branches of the service the principal
item is $25,400,000 for the increase of the
navy. The pay of the navy is increased
;2.4W,3S7 over the appropriations for the
same objoct last year, and ia accounted
for bv the authority granted to. the de
partment to eniist 5000 additional 3eamen
and llfty warrant machinists to meet tho
necessity of properly manning- the new
ehlps soon to be added to the navy.
; To meet the emergency of the' lack of
officers for the new ships the bill provides
that the two cadet ' classes now at sea,
which have completed their four \ years'
course at ; the naval academy, shall be
commissioned. This will provide for. the
new officers desired by the department,
and In the Judgment of the committee
will meet all the exigencies of the pres
ent situation. . .
Urge?, the Construction of
Two First -Class
Battleships.
HOUSE RECEIVES
THE NAVAL BILL
210; Norfolk, $594,260; Key West. $144,400;
Mare Island. $3SU60; Puget Sound. $275.
000; San Juan. $40,000; Pensaeola, $»1.500;
Algiers, $230,000; Dry Tortugas, $100,000;
Hawaii, $107,300; Tutuila, $255,000.
For th" four new drydocks now build-
Ing at Portsmouth, Boston. League Isl
and Mare Island' $1,000,000 Is provided.
The committee recommends this year an
appropriation of $3,O0O.OCO for the rebuilding
of the naval academy. In List year's bill
$350,000 was appropriated, prior to that
time $1,220,000. making a total appropria
tion of $1,570,000 prior to the present bill.
The report says In part as to the armor:
"Your committee also provides, under
the Increase of the navy, an appropriation
of $4,000,000 for armor and armament for
ships now under construction. It will be>
remembered that Congress wisely solved
the perplexing question of providing ar
mor'plate for our ships last year by the
enactment of a provision giving the Sec
retary of the Navy full power to buy ar
mor at such price as in his Judgment
might seem reasonable and Just, or to
build an armor .plate factory, toward
which $4,000,000 was appropriated. It
ought to be a matter of guneral congratu
lation that the armor plate question has
been settled through the skill, firmness
and excellent Judgment of the Secretary
of the Navy In carrying out the evident
purposes of Coneresa."
The citizens became enraged at the lo
cation of the building- within the city lim
its, and Friday night an attempt was
made to burn tho structure, but It was
saved by the prompt action of tho flra
department. To-night a crowd of men
gathered near the building, overpowered
the guards stationed Inside, stood off tho
police with guns and' again set the build-
Ing on flre. They quietly watched th«
building burn to the ground and then cit*
pcrsed. No arrests have been mad©.
OMAHA. Neb., Jan. 19.— Two hundred
masked men armed with guns to-ijjght
stood off the guards and police and burned
the pesthouse at South Omaha. The
building was a small one, recently pur
chased by the city as an emergency hos
pital for the reception of smallpox pa
tients, and was to have been put Into use
to-day.
Corporate Limit3 of South
Omaha.
MASKED MEN" BXTKN"
A NEBBASKA PESTHOXJSE
Object to Its Location Within tho
requiring his Immediate Imprisonment un
til he does so. William McMahon sued
Edison and William Halser to recover the
stock, alleging that it was promised to
him. pursuant to an agreement for serv
ices which he rendered to the company
in floating its stock. The company was
incorporated with a capital of $1,000,000.
and a Judgment was taken by default,
which reouired the stock to be delivered
to McMahon.
vast edifice was crowded with a great
multitude of the picked men of the realm
and of the empire. No department of the
state, no colony, no dependency, was un
represented In that brilliant. throng. Era
ba?Fadors and Governors, princes and po
tentates, dusky Oriental rajahs blazing in
Jewel?. English nobles and the great no
bles of the democracy mustered In troops
t;> the great thanksgiving. When all were
assembled beneath the storied roof of the
ancient Abbey, and the long aisles framed
a marvelous picture of life and color the
Queen -entered. The whole assemblage
rose to their feet as the familiar figure of
the mother of her people slowly passed
down the nave to take her place before
the altar, where, in the midst of her chil
dren, .she offered thanks. -And as the
Queen — the highest on earth — knelt be
fore the Lord God of heaven, all thought
of her majesty and her might and of her
empire over land and sea,^disappeared,
and we saw only the plain little loving
hearted woman, who. as maid, wife and
widow had' for fifty years shared, *more
than any, all the Joys, the sorrows, tho
hopes and fears, the trying vicissitudes
and glowing aspirations which make up
the sum of the private and public, life of
her people. And as she Joined In the Jubi
lant anthem- of praise to Him who alone
Is the giver of all good gifts, it was as If
I saw a new and more glorious rendering
of the old painting I had seen In my
youth. For that which was then declared
to be the secret of England's greatness
was now In the fullness of the years pro
claimed to bo also the secret, the open se
cret, of the greatness "and glory of the
reign. , • . ' W. T. STEAD.
A resolution offered by Kyle of South
Dakota was adopted, calling upon the Sec
retary of War for copies of the report of
General MacArthur and the reports of
other- officers upon educational work In
the Philippines.
A concurrent resolution offered a few
days ago by Lindsay of Kentucky, provid
ing for the celebration on February 4 next
of the one hundredth anniversary of the
assumption of the Chief Justiceship of the
United States by John Marshall, was
called up. ", „ * ,
Lindsay made a brief statement In sup
port of the resolution.
Hale, who had objected to the resolu
tion, said he felt it unlikely that Congress,
under the great pressure of public busi
ness, would have a day even for so good
and laudable a purpose a3 that contem
plated by the resolution. However, he
would yield hi3 objection.
The resolution was adopted without fur
ther debate.
Allison then, at the conclusion of routine
business, presented resolutions expressive
of the regret of the Senate at the death of
Senator 5ear and- providing that the busi
ness- of tho Senate be suspended In order
that his associates might pay fitting
tribute to his memory.
Senator Gear was much beloved by his
colleagues in the Senate and the tributes
paid to his character and distinguished
services were heartfelt and eloqtcnt.
Those who paid tribute to his memory
were Senators Allison of Iowa, Platt of
Connecticut. Cockrell of Missouri, . Nelson
of Minnesota, Spooner . of Wisconsin,
Morgan of Alabama, Mason - of Illinois,
Clay of Georgia and Dolliver of Iowa.
WASHINGTON', Jan. 19.— Under a spe
cial order the Senate devoted the greater
part of its session to-day to eulogies upon
the late Senator John H. Gear of Iowa,
who died last July.
Expressions of Regret on
the Death of John
PAY TRIBUTES
TO LATE SENATOR
The last occasion on which I savr htr
Majesty was on that high and solemn
festival when the Queen summoned to the
Abbey the representatives of all nations,
principalities and powers that own her
sway, in order to join with her In render-
Ing thanks to Almighty God for the mar
velous loving kindness and manifold mer
cies he had graciously vouchsafed to this
land of ours during the reign of fifty
year's. The memory of that stately
pageant Is still with me.. The gray old
Abbey, with all its associations -of genius
and of glory, never Inclosed within its
massive walls a scene more splendid and
Inspiring. Every nook and corner in the
a ..... .»..•••*•'••• ....... .»..?¦
The Golden Jubilee.
duly delivered up, England's demands
were complied with and there was no war.
This Incident, record of which was per
mitted In Sir Theodore Martin's "Life of
the Prince Consort," Is but one, although
the most important, of many such time
ly Interventions. Such a record, com
pared with the multitude of the unrecord
ed Instances of beneficent royal interven
tion, Is but as the summit of the Iceberg
which shows above the water compared
with the Immense mass that floats below.
Of this the nation is somewhat d'-»ily con
scious, ar.d our people at home and over
the sea go about their daily labor In the
comfortable assurance that In addition to
all the visible and tangible apparatus on
¦which they can count for the purpose
of preserving the peace of the realm and
the defense of its rights and interests,
they can also confidently rely upon the
unceasing vigilance and incomparable ex
perience of an Invisible . helper, who,
though her action Is unseen, hovers like
a guardian anRel over the peace of the
nations that call her Queen.
Among these consequences there would
probably have to be reckoned the estab
lishment of the Confederate republic
with slavery as Its chief cornerstone and
the introduction of the standing army
system of Europe into the American hem
isphere. There would also have been a
bitter and deadly blood feud between
England and tho Northern States. From
all these evils the world was saved by
the direct personal intervention of her
Majesty. The hectoring dispatch which
Lord Palmerston had prepared to forward
to the American Government would, in
the then strained condition of interna
tional relations, have been resented as an
Intolerable affront. War would have fol
lowed directly or in a very short interval.
Fortunately for the race and for the mon
archy, the granddaughter of George III
was able and ready to arrest the threat
ened mischief. Instead of approving the
dispatch it was returned to the bellicose
Palmcrston with the advice of her Maj
esty that it should be modified. The royal
counselor was in a position from which
she could speak with more influence than
any other person resident In the realm.
Lord Palmerston took back his dispatch,
struck out the passages ¦which would have
provoked war and forwarded the emascu
lated version to Washington. The result,
as we all know, was a brilliant Justifica
tion of the wisdom of her Majesty's 'di
plomacy. The Confederate delegates were
lions of other common folk, to believe in
the monarchy, without saying at least a
passing word about the one well-known
occasion on which the Queen intervened
to save the English-speaking race from
the. Infinite disaster of a fratricidal war.
But for her prompt and decisive action
due, no doubt, primarily to the Initiative
of the Prince Consort— the seizure of the
Confederate envoys from the British ship
Trent, In the early days of the War of
Secession, would have Involved us In war
with the Government of Washington, the
ultimate consequences of which we can
only dimly Imagine.
Queen Victoria was married February 10, 1840, to Albert ct Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, who died December 14, 186L : Eighty
children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren, of whom seventy are living, were the fruits of that union. In the follow
ing table the Queen's children are printed in capitals, with numbers. Their children follow. The matrimonial alliances of
QUEEN VICTORIA AND HER FAMILY.
Graphic Story of an Eye- Witness to Rapidly Succeeding
Affairs of Momentous Interest to the World.
Nor can it be said that the Influence of
the Queen has only been Indirect or that
Fhe" has not again and again Interfered to
divert state policy from perilous paths
end to secure her empire's peace. Of that
I shall have more to say in subsequent
articles. But I cannot conclude this rapid
and fragmentary survey of the reasons
•which have led me. in common with mil-
Victoria Intervenes.
In many other ways the monarchy, es
pecially in the reign of the present sov
erciern. has contributed to the stability of
the realm and to the peace and content
ment of the people. Pre-eminent above
all other qualities which her Majesty has
displayed Is the supreme divine grace
of sympathy. The Queen. having
Buffered much, has sympathized the
more. Every gToat national disas
ter has evoked her warm-hearted
cuecor. If her Prime Minister has
been the head, her Majesty has ever
been the heart of the realm. It ¦was some
what touching!}' remarked tho other day
that from her earliest childhood the
Queen had hardly ever been out of mourn
lr.g. Her life Indeed has been passed in
the shadow of the tomb, which has
opened to receive in slow succession al
most all her contemporaries and not a
few of her own children and children's
children. But still from the unfailing
depths of her womanly sympathy she
draws consolation for the bereaved and
rorr.fcrt for the Forrowine. Thus the
prcu<3f>?t empire the world has over seen
fhas Installed as Its sovereign the incar
rate genius of womanly compass-ion.
BB7 right even to stand 1 as candidate for
supreme office. And from my point of
view th!a alone, other things being equal,
•would turn the balance in favor of the
Crown.
But other things are not equal. The
balance of advantage in such an empire
as ours in favor of the monarchy is un
mlstakable. Every year the proportion of
English speaking folk outside these lsl
an<5s Increases. And with every such In
crease the political or Imperial value of
the royal family rises. For the tie which
unites our world-scattered common
•weaJihs is not primarily political, neither
Is It krpt up by politics. It is a tl« in
Its nature domestic. It Is the English
epeak'.r.g family rather than an empire.
And the nexus !s the royal family rather
than the House of Commons. Every col
cry has Its ctvn legislative assembly.
None of th<?m has a queen and royal fam
ily. The Crown. lik»» Westminster Abbey,
Is one of th<» heirlooms of the whole race,
r.-hlch canr.ot be distributed. It must be
localized, and the mother country keeps
bcth. But If either the Crown or the Ab
bey diiappfared the sense of loss would
be felt as keenly In Winnipeg. In New
ZeaJar.d. !n Cape Colony and in Queens
land. To the eyes of the English speak
ing men who have made their homes at
the antipodes English politicians have not
the ln-.portance that they^ have at home.
Colonists have their own 'politicians, ar.d
es far away as England Is. the differences
between our politicians, even when seen
through the opera glass of the press tele
prams, are apt to eecra too infinitesimal
to be noticed. They xr.'.ght as well get up
sweepstakes about a race of mites acro?s
a. cheese. But high above all political
people there rises ever before the eyes of
every English-speaking man, whether re
publican or colonial or native to these
islands, the majestic fabric of the heredi
tary monarchy. It rises above the vast
democratic eteppe as the round tower of
Windsor ehows high over the Berkshire
plain. Its promlnente Is an element In Its
favor that is too often forgotten. Men
xr.ay come and men may go, Cabinets
emerge like fcamtells in the wave and
disappear, but the Queen is always there.
And when we have to do with many mil
lions, 5cattered over many continents, it
1b impossible to make any Impression on
the general mir.d by the fleeting phantoms
of evanescent ministries. To borrow an
illustration from photography, their ex
posure 1e not long enough. The plate is
r.ot £«:s;tlve enough for rapid photogra
phy. But the immobility, the massive
grandeur and the fierce light that beats
t round the throne, all facilitate the pro
duction cf a clear, xvpll-deiined image on
the mind cf our kin beyond the sea. Fa
miliarity is cf the essence of home. And
our progeny would feel themselves strang
ers in a. stranpe land if they were to re
turn to the old country, which they call
their motherland, only to f.nd. in place of
the Queen upon the throne. Mr. Chamber
lair, or Sir William Harcourt or Tittlebat
Tcmpkir.s sitting # n the Presidential chair
o:' ihc- British .-enublic.
FROM THE BEGINNING TO THE END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
15
NASIE. I Dora.
1
THE QVEES { 1819
¦•: .-¦ ¦ ¦."¦ -¦ .: ¦ ¦¦ ¦•¦ ¦ : i:-: ¦ .-¦¦¦¦¦• •¦¦¦ ...>-, ¦ . I
DESCENDANTS.
1. VICTORIA ADEUIDE, PRINCESS ROT At..... 1S40
Frederick William (successor as German Em-
peror, June, lsS8). (Issue, 6 sons, 1 daughter) 1S59
... .. .....
Charlotte. (Insue. 1 daug-hter) t isr.r.
Henry. (lecue, 2 sons) 1S62
Sip-iFmund 1S61
Victoria 18C0
WaliS'tnar 1£6S
Sophia Dorcthea. (Issue, 2 eons. 1 daughter).. 1879
Marraret. <Issue. 3 sons) 1ST2
2. ALBl'RT EDWARD PRINCE OF WALES 1R41
AlbTt Victor, Duke- of Clarrnoe Ii6l
Gecrgo l : Yederlck. Duke of Yorlt. (Issue, 2 sons.
1 daughter) | 1SC5
IjouIec Victoria. (Issue, 2 daughters) I Iff,"
Victoria Aitxanflra ISM
Msude Charlotte i<-6:»
Alexander I 1S71
I
S. ALJCE MAUD MART, GRAND DUCHESS OF] 1843
rir'coi!' f
HESSE. ; !
Victoria Alb»rta. (Issue 1 ecn, 2 daugrhters)..! ISff?
Klizabnh 1?64
Irene Marie. (Issue, 2 son?) | ISC'!
Kmest Ix>u1s, Grand Duke of Hesse 1SHS
Frederick William 1W
Victoria Alice. (Issue. 3 daughters) 1ST2
Mary Victoria 1S74
4. ALFRED. DUKE OF SAXE-COBURG-GOTHA. 1844
DUKE OF EDINBURGH.
Alfred Alexander 1574
Marie Alexandra Victoria. (Issue, 1 son, 1
daughter) 1S73
Victoria M^llta. (Issue, 1 daughter) 1S76
Alexandra Louise JR78
Beatrice 18«4
5. HELENA, PRINCESS CHRISTIAN I 1S40
Christian Victor I 18C7
Albert John 1S53
Victoria Louisa 1STO
Louise Augusta 1S72
Harold 1S7G
€. LOUISE. MARCHIONESS OF LORNE 1S4S
7. ARTHUR, DUKE OF CONN AUGHT 1S.".O
Marcaret 18S2
Artnur Patrick 1SSS
Victoria Patricia JSE6
8. LEOPOLD. DUKE OF ALBANY 1S03
Alice Mar> 1SS3
Leopold (posthumous), second Duke of Albany.. IRSt
9. BEATRICE MARY VICTORIA FEODORA 1857
Albert Alexander 1S81
Victoria Eugenie Julia Ena 1SS7
Leopold Arthur LouIh t$fd
Maurice V.ctor Donalfl 1S91
Dlel I ¦ Married. iDate
Married.
I Date
•»•»* i *»»!»••.>». " 1— —
i
Duka of Saxony, Prince of Baxe-Coburg-Gotha (died December
14. 1S61) ; i 1840
Crown Prince of Prurela (successor as German Emperor March,
1SSS. Died June, 1SSS) 1858
Princess August* of Schleswlg-Holsteln 1SS1
Prince of Spje-Meinlnpen, 1873
Princess Irene of Heree 1888
1S6S
Prince Adolphus of Schaumburg-Lippe 1S90
1ST9 .•-.:.¦¦•.¦¦¦.¦-,..--.-,-: :
Duke of Spatta. son cf King of the Greeks 18S9
." Prince Frederick. Charles of Hesse 1SS3
Princes* Alexandra of Denmark 1863
1832
_•„.... . _ . .. :-.
Princess Victoria Mary of Teck '. 1J93
Duke of Fife 1SS9
__, __ , , _ , -."¦/; V- ,„,
T:.. Prince Cbailes of Denmark ¦ 1S9S
1S7S Louis IV, Grand Duke of He»e (died March 13. 1832) 18C2
Prince Louis of Eattenberir 1SS4
! Grand Duke Sersius of Russia 1S84
Prince Henry of Prussia .' 1JSS
Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburgr-Qotha 1S34
! 1873
! Emperor Nicholas II of Russia 1S94
1*7<!
1900 Grand Duchtss Marie, daughter of Alexander II, Emperor of
Russia 1874
1S?3
F"erd!nar.d. Crown Pilnce of Itoumanla | 1803
Ernest Louis. Grand Duke of llssse | JS9J
Hcredltarj' Prince of Hchenlohe-Largenberg 1S96
Prince Frederick Chris-lian of SchleswiR--Holstfln 186?
iPrince Aribirt of Anhalt-Dessau 1SS1
1?76
"¦" ¦? .
|JIarqu!i of Lome *. 1S71
jPiir.cesa L.viise of Prussia .t 1S79
--' -.,:-.¦ :^y- ¦-¦ ¦ I
:::::::: -
.
15S4 Princess Helena of Waldeck-Pyrmont j 1S82
I • ¦:-:-:¦¦ ¦
::::::::
Prince Henrv of Battenbergr (died 1S96) 13S5
i:::::::: )
NASIE. I Dora.
1
THE QVEES { 1819
¦•: .-¦ ¦ ¦."¦ -¦ .: ¦ ¦¦ ¦•¦ ¦ : i:-: ¦ .-¦¦¦¦¦• •¦¦¦ ...>-, ¦ . I
DESCENDANTS.
1. VICTORIA ADEUIDE, PRINCESS ROT At..... 1S40
Frederick William (successor as German Em-
peror, June, lsS8). (Issue, 6 sons, 1 daughter) 1S59
... .. .....
Charlotte. (Insue. 1 daug-hter) t isr.r.
Henry. (lecue, 2 sons) 1S62
Sip-iFmund 1S61
Victoria 18C0
WaliS'tnar 1£6S
Sophia Dorcthea. (Issue, 2 eons. 1 daughter).. 1879
Marraret. <Issue. 3 sons) 1ST2
2. ALBl'RT EDWARD PRINCE OF WALES 1R41
AlbTt Victor, Duke- of Clarrnoe Ii6l
Gecrgo l : Yederlck. Duke of Yorlt. (Issue, 2 sons.
1 daughter) | 1SC5
IjouIec Victoria. (Issue, 2 daughters) I Iff,"
Victoria Aitxanflra ISM
Msude Charlotte i<-6:»
Alexander I 1S71
I
S. ALJCE MAUD MART, GRAND DUCHESS OF] 1843
rir'coi!' f
HESSE. ; !
Victoria Alb»rta. (Issue 1 ecn, 2 daugrhters)..! ISff?
Klizabnh 1?64
Irene Marie. (Issue, 2 son?) | ISC'!
Kmest Ix>u1s, Grand Duke of Hesse 1SHS
Frederick William 1W
Victoria Alice. (Issue. 3 daughters) 1ST2
Mary Victoria 1S74
4. ALFRED. DUKE OF SAXE-COBURG-GOTHA. 1844
DUKE OF EDINBURGH.
Alfred Alexander 1574
Marie Alexandra Victoria. (Issue, 1 son, 1
daughter) 1S73
Victoria M^llta. (Issue, 1 daughter) 1S76
Alexandra Louise JR78
Beatrice 18«4
5. HELENA, PRINCESS CHRISTIAN I 1S40
Christian Victor I 18C7
Albert John 1S53
Victoria Louisa 1STO
Louise Augusta 1S72
Harold 1S7G
€. LOUISE. MARCHIONESS OF LORNE 1S4S
7. ARTHUR, DUKE OF CONN AUGHT 1S.".O
Marcaret 18S2
Artnur Patrick 1SSS
Victoria Patricia JSE6
8. LEOPOLD. DUKE OF ALBANY 1S03
Alice Mar> 1SS3
Leopold (posthumous), second Duke of Albany.. IRSt
9. BEATRICE MARY VICTORIA FEODORA 1857
Albert Alexander 1S81
Victoria Eugenie Julia Ena 1SS7
Leopold Arthur LouIh t$fd
Maurice V.ctor Donalfl 1S91
Dlel I ¦ Married. iDate
Married.
I Date
•»•»* i *»»!»••.>». " 1— —
i
Duka of Saxony, Prince of Baxe-Coburg-Gotha (died December
14. 1S61) ; i 1840
Crown Prince of Prurela (successor as German Emperor March,
1SSS. Died June, 1SSS) 1858
Princess August* of Schleswlg-Holsteln 1SS1
Prince of Spje-Meinlnpen, 1873
Princess Irene of Heree 1888
1S6S
Prince Adolphus of Schaumburg-Lippe 1S90
1ST9 .•-.:.¦¦•.¦¦¦.¦-,..--.-,-: :
Duke of Spatta. son cf King of the Greeks 18S9
." Prince Frederick. Charles of Hesse 1SS3
Princes* Alexandra of Denmark 1863
1832
_•„.... . _ . .. :-.
Princess Victoria Mary of Teck '. 1J93
Duke of Fife 1SS9
__, __ , , _ , -."¦/; V- ,„,
T:.. Prince Cbailes of Denmark ¦ 1S9S
1S7S Louis IV, Grand Duke of He»e (died March 13. 1832) 18C2
Prince Louis of Eattenberir 1SS4
! Grand Duke Sersius of Russia 1S84
Prince Henry of Prussia .' 1JSS
Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburgr-Qotha 1S34
! 1873
! Emperor Nicholas II of Russia 1S94
1*7<!
1900 Grand Duchtss Marie, daughter of Alexander II, Emperor of
Russia 1874
1S?3
F"erd!nar.d. Crown Pilnce of Itoumanla | 1803
Ernest Louis. Grand Duke of llssse | JS9J
Hcredltarj' Prince of Hchenlohe-Largenberg 1S96
Prince Frederick Chris-lian of SchleswiR--Holstfln 186?
iPrince Aribirt of Anhalt-Dessau 1SS1
1?76
"¦" ¦? .
|JIarqu!i of Lome *. 1S71
jPiir.cesa L.viise of Prussia .t 1S79
--' -.,:-.¦ :^y- ¦-¦ ¦ I
:::::::: -
.
15S4 Princess Helena of Waldeck-Pyrmont j 1S82
I • ¦:-:-:¦¦ ¦
::::::::
Prince Henrv of Battenbergr (died 1S96) 13S5
i:::::::: )
Dr. Julius Remusson on this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality should eat
plenty of meat. If the direstlon is too
feeble at first It may be easily strength-
ened by the regular use of Stuart's Dys- !
pepsla Tablets after each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after dinner
¦will digest several thousand grains of
meat, eggs or other animal food in thrc\j
or four hours, while the molt diastase
also contained in Stuart's Tablets causes
the perfect digestion of starchy foods, like
potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how
weak the stomach may be, no trouble will
be experienced if a vtgular: practice is
made of using Stuart's Dye eps^a Tablets
because, thpy supply the pepsin and dias-
tase eo necessary to perfect digestion, an.l
any form of indigestion and stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach will
be overcome by thalr dally use. ¦
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
cat plenty of meat and insure its com-
plete digestion by the systematic use of
a safe, harmless dlgi stive medicine like
Htuart's Dyspepsia ¦ Tablets, composed of
the natural digestive principles, neptcnes
and diastase, which actually perform the
work of digestion and give the abused
stomach a -chance to rest "and to furnish
the body - and ; brain with the necessary
nutriment. ; Cheap cathartic medicines
masquerading under tne name of dyspep-
sia cures are useless for relief or cure of
indigestion because they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of food
Dyspepsia in all its forms is simply a
failure of the stomach to digest food ami
the sensible way to solve the riddle and
cure the indigestion "!s:to make dally use
at meal time' of a safe preparation which
is endorsed by the medical prc.'ession and"
known to contain active digestive prin-
ciples, and all this can truly, be said 'of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
All druggists throuRtaout the United
States, Canada and. Great Britain sell
them at the uniform price of fifty cenls
for full treatment. .
• As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat - furnishes the most nutriment in a
highly concentrated form and is digested
and assimilated ; more quickly than vege-
tables or trralns.
A healthy appetite and common sense
aro excellent guides to follow in matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and- meats 13 undoubtedly the best, In
spite of the claims made by vegetarians
and food cranks generally.
To Keep Healthy and Strong P
WHAT SHALL WE EAT
MENT '
Commencing on Monflau next, we offer
ONE THOUSAND PIECES of FURNITURE,
including handsome
DIVANS, BOOKCASES,
CHAIBS, -. SHAVING STANDS,
B.OCKEHE, CHINA CLOSETS,
TABLES, WAB.DHOBES,
DESKS, CHAMBER SETS,
SECRETARY BOOKCASES, BRASS BEDS,
And many desirable goods suitable for Library, Eining'-Itoom,
Eall and Bedroom Furnishings, made by the b;st manufactur-
ers in the country, at reductions of 25 per cent to 50 per cent
frcia rejjnlax prices.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
A FEW EXAMPLES:
Furniture Coverings reduced from ' 90c to 65c per yard.
Furniture Coverings reduced from $1.75 to $1.20 per yard.
Furniture Coverings reduced from $3.00 to $2.OO per yard.
An immense line of Corduroys, Velours, Armures, Tapes-
tries, etc., at values that will be appreciated.
"We particularly draw your attention to the REDUCED
PRICES throughout cur lines of LACE CURTAINS.
BIG ASSORTMENT OF MADE-UP CARPET RUGS at ONE-
HALF regular cost.
Bring dimensions of room so as to select a rug of suitable
Eise.
See our show window for display of special values.
Largest Stock on the Coast to select from.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS— FURNITURE-UPHOLSTERY.
114-116-118-120-122 Post Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WAS ALARMINGLY AFFLICTED WITH CATARRH OF THE LUNGS.
"'— -3p>S$&Y»y/ ) l ySJmwiv/fwf^iwfi /}\) t\L Ws/ lW/' /@§^f0^Wr?ft>K_ There ar« three roads -xhlch l«ad from
<~ZZ~il&!&Ba %l ) y I //^//yijMWYfilv^Xw'^/'/vAvv^^-" /)// £S2£^S35JS t*%4i§S l «w health to consumption. Over one of theat
''¦^ZZ22z*^&i7A(t(nfr'/£^^^^ rf,\>~ je^SSES^sSJllsSoES^^ roads pa.-a all of that great multitude of
'^^^^¦Wi : W'i (WM^««j5y/W^\\W^\^\,, Wv ££EExS5?Z&4\\0&£cZ£^ people die every year of consumption.
M&ls3Z^fSG%2ZZZP Each route begins with health anfl happl-
¦^Z^j&MMz™^^^^ ness and ends with disease ar.d d»-ath.
y^^/f^V^^^ I-*** the throat— hoarseness— short breath— con-
— " SU Tnousands e< have Just ntarted on one of
W^^m(lM//WJM^mm\l l m^{^^^^ !^^^^^ these roads, all of whom could he easiTy
AV^Vr >Vi)i))imWi^^//)M.7JV/»)//|/>ffA)AY>:gs^^iy^?!l2>v > y ~ cured by Peruna. Thousands more ari
Vy^|> '^AVflJB W l \/(t"JM)j^^^ J 'j- g -- :^\/~ r^ nalf way to the fatal end of one oC tn « 9 <>
v% K\r^\ 7i vir-^f * roads who are still curable by a course
p ' f . ' * SflLn QS eliQ Ti^Jir lur cnCX W HOBO 1a* t Q»yS
LJ y could be made bearable and hope of recov-
ery more probable by commencing Pe-
JUDGE W. G. DURHAM OF GEORGIA. runa without delay.
Cntnt*nh "r»$ -the* I iinrt«i Esther with the prominence of his many "FHendS Gave Me Up."
if " ° tnC LUCg^ friends as well as the, startling and dram- Mrs H elnzle. 2C5 East Fulton
the FlPSt Sta£e Of atlc features oC the unexpected cure st reet, Columbus. Ohio, writes: "About*
ua«v ¦ not v '*-' J t» v v * caused one of our leading newspapers ;o year ago I contracted a violent cold.
fnncninnfinn make inquiry into the facts. which settled on my lungs, and for four
V^<J>12OU1II|JI.IVJI1» months I ran down very rapidly. cou?h!r$r
The following written statement from up quantities of bloody mucus and fre-
the Judge himself sets forth the facts: nuently had hemorrhages from the lun£9.
I was on the verge of the grave. My hus-
CTr-k All /V9 #=» r\ i /•» «d 1 ,\,,, Greensboro, Ga., March 3, 1300. band and my friends had given me up
oO All medlCai All- . some one. however, who had tried your
4-1-.^% M 3+3 A^ HA- aA "Some time ago I contracted a Peruna. advised me to use it. As a last
tnorities Agree. severB eold which % 9Wed onm//ungs S^^S'i^S^-^^SSSf tS:
— a r. d in ?/? ead : I ' tried man y reme ; &*-?,?
Judge Durham, a well-lcnown .oca, n^!^^J^ m^^ Vi&Z^VSSSL 22d
Judge of Greensboro. Ga.. bad an exper- ' COnCIUaea that my COSO was Catarrh Iact . m y living at all. to the good effect
lence-with Peruna well worth reciting, of the head and lungs, and seeing of Peruna.'* ELIZA HEIVZLE
A report had become current among the p eruna s0 highly recommended I be- t- - * '
Judges friends that he was threatened -^ /f exper/encing ihe ver/ Luilff Trouble Cured.
with consumption.- It was feared for a ¦*» . • •*, . , ' ., r r: , ..; J _,, T __ .. .»„„ •»»
time that Georgia was to lose one of Its best results from the first bottle. Mss g 1 "^^ from Br7an *
most prominent and influential citizens. / continued using Peruna for a "For several years I have suffered with
It was also reported that the Judge had .L nn A w f,;u nnf i !,„„* ,,.„., f-// /a o throat and lung trouble caused from tak-
failed to B et any relief from any of tho short wf "' e * ana havQ never telt the tnir cold when conflned to my room with
medical aid at his command, that he hal least Symptoms of catarrh Since, measles. Peruna cured my throat, and T
made use of the now world tamous rem- p gruna is certa inly a good medicine, volcYwSfbe^enflre" JKSS toft hlTl
T?; 6^ and deserves the high praise which is $%£ £H^^ e $&t*i by Pe™*
medical circles especially, and the many t/V©/J it by tho general public." after repeated trials with many other ar-
frlends of . Judge Durham were not only a jar ticles without benefit.
exceedingly gratirted at his recovery, but Judge Durham has been Secretary and l e Xh»t i»°ii > rJ.ommVnriIS » e
were enthusiastic in their praises of the Treasurer of the city of Greensboro. Ga.. send to the Peruna Medicine Co Co-
remedy that had brought him relief. for the past three years, and has been a lumbus. Ohio, for a free book, written by
The»publlc Importance of the Judge, to- local Judge for ten years. I Dr. Hartman. on "Winter Catarrh."
A reward of $10,000 has been deposited in the Market Exchange Bank, Columbus, Ohio, as a
guarantee that the above testimonials are genuine ; that we hold in our possession authentic letters
certifying to the same. . During many years' advertisng we have never used, in part or in whole, a
sing.e spurious testimonial. Every one of our testimonials ars genuine and in the words of the one
whose name is appended.
yW%/*» r *-J r * ,*<-"~li»~ rm to '"l^Hii^ i N ¦ ¦«*"¦ i iu "« l ij» r 'ii<«~SL#*>>^«' f ~^IJU^%_|f**>i?
i "MARKED DOWN ! "I
( A MERCHANT once aeiveflisid a mark-down sale of S
\ \ shoes, and to explain the price said the leather "in somt vk
3 places" W2S rotten. However, the defect was really of m
no consequence, he added, but he couldn't conscientiously askff
|[ full price for them, etc. etc. ' \
j§ His charming irank ness wholly disarmed criticism. Butg
\v the I fat er was rotten all right, nevertheless. a
£t The.-i is never any mark-down sales of SOROSIS. You 'W
%, pay the same to-day as ycu did yesterday and will to-morrow. »
a We have never any apologies to make. Our leather's never i
%l rotten; we're never overstocked; we d^n't make cor sbo:s «
ff from job lot stock, consequently cai't say we took advantage a
u of some other f 'How's misfortune, and effer you the benefit, J
a One pric> one standard, one way cf dcing businrss all p
J the year through. And al- _ _^spfa §
|[ ways on tee basis of hon- Vj/*~~^rir I? S
lesty. i/l^&\£y&£? U
ii SO THIRD ST. I
9 SECOND SHOE STORE PROri HARKET; {Chicago ls trying to canal her way to
St. Louis before the Nicaragua project 1b
completed.
shall be apparent to the School Trusteea
and the Supervisors and provision is made
to have them and the salary of the at
tendance officer provided for ln the tax
levies.
The regulations governing the parental
schools are left in a great measure to tha
School Trustees.
FOE REGULATION OF
GAS- AND WATER RATES
Competition Against New
Companies.
James' Bill "Will Prevent Cutthroat
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEIs'TO, Jan. 19.— Assemblyman Frank
James of Los Angeles has introduced As
sembly bill 353. which is designed to pre
vent discrimination among the consumers
of gas, water or electric light. The meas
ure is in the nature of a grant of addl.
tional authority to the City Council or
governing body of a city extending Its
power from the simple fixing of the maxi
mum rate to the prevention of lowering
that rate in favor of certain consumers
unless the reduction is made general.
The bill stipulates that uniform rates
must prevail where the cost of the ser
vice in furnishing water, gas or electric
light ls the same. A reasonable differ
ence in the rate is permissible where in
accessibility or other conditions increase
the cost of service.
The granting of rebates is forbidden
and the author of the bill hopes to perfect
it to the degree that discrimination by
such methods can be prevented. He will
probably add two Important sections to
the measure before ft comes from the
Committee on Municipal Corporations.
One will make the power on regulation
extend to the furnishing 01 electric pow
er. The other will provide, within rea
sonable limits, that a rate once estab
lished must be maintained by a water,
gas or electric company, the object being
to prevent recourse to destructive compe
tition against a new company bv a well
established one that seeks to drive Its
rival out of business.
SAN QUENTIN APPATRS
MAY BE HTvTESTIQATED
Senator Belshaw Will Suggest a Visit
by the Committee on
Prisons.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 19.— Before the end of next
week some steps toward legislative In
vestigation of conditions existing at San
Quentln, as disclosed ln the disappearance
of Walden, the Jute mill clerk, will be
taken.' Senator Belshaw, chairman of the
committee on prisons,' will suggest a trip
of the committee to the prison to look
into Its affairs, and after this inspection
action on an Investigation probably will
be taken.
"I cannot say what I shall do ln the
matter," said Senator Belshaw, "but in
any case I shall wait until after the com
mittee has visited the prison."
Since the decision of United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow that the bonds of the
Modesto Irrigation District were legal the
feeling is that the irrigation system should
be completed as soon as possible. The sys
tem is partially completed. Eight hun
dred thousand dollars has been expended,
and It is estimated that $300,000 will com
plete the entire system and irrigate 80 000
acres of land.
MODESTO, Jan. 19.— Mandamus pro
ceedings were brought in the Superior
Court to-day to compel the directors of
the Modesto Irrigation District to call an
election for officers of the district. The
statutes set February 6 as the day for the
election, but the directors failed to order
one, acting under the recent ruling of Su
perior Judge Prewett of Placer County,
who enjoined them from performing the
duties of their office. Superior Judge Lor
igan of Santa Clara County presided to
day and decided that a writ of mandate
should be Issued compelling tho directors
to call such election. The board of direc
tors at present consists of four members,
only one of whom favored calling the elec
tion.
FIsk has another, doing away with the
compulsory year of single blessedness
after divorce. This may bring lobbies
from San Francisco and Reno with dif
ferent objects ln view. Carter has a bill
extending the statute of limitations on
unwritten contracts from two to four
years and on -written contracts from four
to eight years, and Bliss has a measure
which makes every male inhabitant, ex
cept Indians, Mongolians and the phys
ically and mentally Incapacitated, Instead
of every citizen, with the same excep
tions, liable for military duty In defense
of the State.
ORDERS A2T ELECTION.
includes second-hand dealers and Junk
dealers, as well as pawnbrokers, who
must keep an accurate description of per
fons selling anything to them and raising
the crime of violating this law from a
ml6demeanor to a felony.
January to the first Monday in April, and
(by Devlin) to the second Monday in
March. The proposed change is received
with much favor among the legislators
and the people of the capital, and there
Is reason to believe that it will at least
be submitted to the voters. The prev
alence of sickness, colds, grip and violent
and incipient pneumonia among the leg
islators Is the principal reason for sug
gesting the change.
. Senator Devlin points out many advant
ages of the proposed change. He said to
day: "The first of the year is devoted to
settling up affairs and neither legislators
nor those interested in legislation can
conveniently Rive up as much time as a
legislative session demands. Then, again,
there should be ample time between the
election of new members of the Legis
lature and the convening of that body for
the lawmakers to study the public needs
and to familiarize themselves with the
merits and defects of proposed legislation.
The Governor and other ' State officers
take office on January 1. A lapse of two
months would enable a new Governor to
investigate the needs of State institutions
and bo to be in a position to advise the
Legislature of desired legislation.
"The comfort and health of members
of the Legislature are an important con
sideration. This Is the worst season of
the year in Sacramento, and for almost
the entire session members are compelled
to expose themselves day and night, for
regular meetings and committee meet
ings, to the rain, cold -winds and fogs.
They go from heated committee rooms
late at night into cold air saturated with
these penetrating land fogs, and colds and
more serious aliments are prevalent.
Many cases of illness and occasional
deaths result and these would be almost
entirely avoided if the session began two
months later.
"If the session were to begin about the
second Monday in March the season of
heavy rains and disagreeable fogs would
be past and yet the sixty days of the ses-
Blon would be ended before the heat of
the summer becomes oppressive."
Members of both houses, attaches of the
two branches and citizens from all parts
of the State who have suffered from the
fogs and raw weather of this season of
the year in Sacramento greet the pro
posed change with decided favor. Sen
ator Devlin and Assemblyman Knowland
believe thoroughly In Its desirability and
•will strongly .urge the acceptance of the
amendment. ' . -;.;.,¦
• ? ¦ . .
DESIGNED TO PREVENT
TRUANCY OF SCHOLARS
Melick's Bill Would Put an End to
th.e Practice of "Playing
Hookey."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 19.— By a bill Introduced in
the Assembly by Mclick an attempt is
made to suppress truancy on th« part of
Bchool pupils and to provide some means
by which truants mav be kept under the
eye of the Bchool authorities when to give
them full liberty wouid but multiply op
portunities for them to repeat their of
fense. •
Melick's bill provides an "attendance of- j
fleer" In each county whose business it
will be to investigate all cases of truancy,
to arrest the offender and have him sent
to a "parental school." where he will l>e
kept until the end of the school year.
An "habitual truant" Is defined as a
pupil who has played truant more than
twice In a year, or who, after having been
arrested once, is absent two days or tardy
on three days during the remainder of the
year without a lawful excuse. . A lawful i
excuse includes sickness or physical in- !
capacity, distance to the school. . which";
must be over two miles, and a necessity
for the labor of the. child for the-support
of the family. A habitual truant Is liablv
under Melick's bill io 'confinement in a
parental school. •
A parental school, as provided for in the
bill. Is a school where the . truants are
kept apart from other pupils and whero I
tksx auat ste£ tQg various cerioda; not
ENJODTS ERECTION OP
OIL DERRICKS ON BEACH
Itecision Rendered by Judge Bay
Against a Company at Sum
merland.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 19.— Judgft
Day to-day rendered his decision ln the
Superior Court in the case of the San
Francisco Savings Union vs. the R. O. Q.
Petroleum and Minlncr Company of Sum
merland. The decision is for the plain
tiff and is of wide reaching importance to
owners of uplands upon the ocean beach
of California. It enables littoral or ripari
an owners on the beach to keep the water
front free from nuisances created in the
nature of oil derricks, platforms, wharves
and other structures built by locators on
lands of the State below high water
mark.
The suit was brought to enjoin the erec
tion of platforms and wharves. Judire
Day sustains the injunction and render*
judgment for plaintiff on the ground that
anything obstructing the owners of ripari
an rights from the freo use of navigable
waters and the beach is a nuisance.
Tries to End His Life.
8ANTA BARBARA, Jan. M.-Cteorse
"W. Borger attemMed suicide this morn
insr by shooting-. He was temporarily In
sane. Bargrer came to the coast nearly
twenty years ago with a fortune of $500,
000. He Improved a beautiful country seat
In Barker Canyon and prepared to spend
his old age in ease. Through financial
misfortunes his wealth has departed
leaving him little besides his home He
is about 50 years of ag-e. His mind ha<»
been unsettled for some time. EHirinir
rational periods he was aware of his de
fect and feared he would harm himself.
This morning while left alone he placed a
pistol ln his mouth and fired the bullet
coming out through his neck near the ver
tebra. Physicians aay he has good
chances of recovery.
MEASTJBE TO BELIEVE
BROOKLYN TOWNSHIP
Knowland Introduces a Bill Permit
ting Choice of Another Jus-
tice of Peace.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRX
MENTO, Jan. 19. — Assemblyman Know
land ha? introduced a measure designed
to relieve the needs of Brooklyn Town
ship In Alameda County ln the matter
of Justices' Courts. As the law stands
now a township containing within its
borders an incorporated town with a Re
corder la entitled to but one Justice of
the Peace. Ey JCnowiand's bill If there
be 8000 or more Inhabitants of the town
ship outside of the city limits a second
Justice of the Peace 1* allowed. Ai
Brooklyn Township is the only one where
such conditions exist at present It will
be the only one affected. The relief
sought Is mainly for the convenience and
better administration of Justice in FVuit
vale and adjoining portions of the town
.shlp.
Bheridan of Colusa, Glenn and Liake
< ountiea has introduced a bill. Assembly
bill No. 2C3. by which a board of super
visors or the people, by the referendum,
rr.ay adopt a county ordinance consolidat
ing certain offices by the following pos
sible combinations: Sheriff and Tax Col
lector; Auditor and Recorder; County
Clfrk, Auditor and Recorder; County
Clrrk cr.." Recorder; County Clerk and
Au' 1 i t or; Treasurer and Tax Collector;
Assessor and Tnx Collector; Public Ad
ministrator and Coroner; Supervisor and
Hosi CommiPKlonT.
There are wvera] Wlls pendlnsr In the
Assrmbly that pive rood promise of lob
ble>? bent on defeitlnc them. One of
th*>*e Ik by Eehlesinger of San Fran
riiTo, which raises the distance from the
main within which pas companies must
1 'jrrteh ras to houses from 100 feet to 3^0
feet. The gras companies will be heard
from on this.
Another I? by "Webber of Napa, which
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 19.— "When Broughton"s
franchise bill comes up before the Assem
bly committee next Tuesday its consider
ation will be. postponed for some days to
allow the Los Angeles delegation, which
will lead the opposition to the measure,
to arrive with proposed amendments. This
was the purpose of Ferd K. Rule's visit
here last evening, and having secured a
promise of postponement he left for San
Francisco this" morning by an early train.
It was not Mr. Rule's original intention
to come to Sacramento. He was bound
from Ik)s Angeles to San Francisco, but
when the gravity of the situation became
apparent to the companies he represents
they telegraphed him to proceed to Sac
ramento without delay.
The delegation from Los Angeles will be
up some time in the latter part of next
week. They have been furnished copies
of the bill and have been busy picking out
its defects and arranging amendments
that will make its provisions just and
equitable.
The southern delegation to the Legisla
ture is in a state of uncertainty regarding
just what course to take, as so far the
opponents of the bill have done nothing
more than to. condemn the bill and ask
for delay until they can get here. It was
believed that there was opposition to the
bill itself, and it amounted to practically
that at first, but it has been authorita
tively stated that there is no opposition
to a franchise biiv; and that the most the
delegations to arrive will do Is* to object to
its provisions and submit amendments to
them. When these amendments have all
gone in It is not probabie that there will
be much of the original bill left, for out
of the ten sections it will be sought to
amend seven in vital particulars. Of the
other three one relates to forfeiture sales,
one to punishments for violating 1 the pro
vlsionB of the act and the third repeals
acts in conflict with itself. Whenever the
bill refers to franchises, however, it fur
nishes a field for a luxuriant crop of
amendments, that promise to leave little
but the section numbers.
TO CETAJNGE TIME OF
LEGISLATURE'S SESSION
That Finds Favor Among the
Law-Makers.
Proposed Constitutional Amendment
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 19. — A proposed constitu
tional amendment has been prepared
•which will be Introduced in the Senate
on Monday by Senator Devlin and in the
Assembly by Knowland, by which the
date of the convening of the Legislature
may be changed (by Knowland) from the
first Monday following: the first day of
however, in any case to bo longer than
the time from the date of commitment un
til the end of the school year.
It is provided that when the truant
officer shall arrest any truant he »hall
take the culprit befora a Judge of the
Superior Court of the county - and tha
child shall be committed in due form to
the narental school. Confinement of the
child in these schools may be avoided by
the parents furnishing a suitable bond
in the sum of $200 engaging them to keep
the child at a public or private school or
have him educated at home. It Is pro
vided that these schools may be estab
lished in any county when the necessity
It Is Freely Predicted That but Little Will
Be Left of the Franchise Bill Originally
Introduced but the Section Numbers
SOUTHERN DELEGATION
IS COMING TO OPPOSE
BROUGHTON'S MEASURE
THE SA1ST FRAlSrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
16
revenue the Regents have control of spe-
cial funds such as the Wllmerdlng school
bequest, etc., amounting in the agrirro-
fate to $700,000. Moneys In tha special
unds contribute to the support of col-
leges and schools ln Ban Francisco. Tho
Flood mansion and grounds at Menlo
Park belong to the university, but th*
gift has not yet proved a source of profit
to the Institution. *«w«i
The new century may b« said t» look
already like 2fl ients.
HUMAN FOLLY!
THE FOUNTAIN HEAD OF WIDESPREAD, DESTRUCTIVE
EFFECTS THAT DAILY DRIVE VICTIMS
To Seek Cure of Varicocele, Stricture, Nervo-
Sexual Debility, Blood Poison and
Various Genito-Urinary Diseases.
THE PEER OF 20TH CENTURY SPECIALISTS,
The fruits of human folly, growing out of specific offenses agralnst nature and
of contagious Blood Poison, are conspicuously manifest ln an assembly of mal-
adies which rob man of health and manhood of power.
He whose feeble will ln youth afforded no protection to developing: manhood
or permitted the acquirement of Blood Poison, later ln life dl3covera himself ta
be the victim of one or more of the vitality-sapping Infirmities so prevalent ln
In this train of evils are Varicocele, Stricture, Nervo-Sexual Debility, Prostatlc
Disease Periodical or Contracted Vital Dralnagre. the Paralysis of Specific Blood
Poison and a number of sympathetic or or reflex nervous maladies.
Untold thousands of men. dismayed by the failure of insufficient treatment to
afford them escape from their partictilar affliction, have become resigned to their
apparent fate and a vast army of others ln the early grasp of decline would give
almost anything on earth in their possession to know where they may obtain
cur©
The acknowledged leader in the ranks of true Specialism of the twentieth cen-
tury Is F. L. Sweany, M. D.. who fnr more than a score of years has «mece<j« fully
combated the various forms of NERVOUS. CHRONIC ami SPECIFIC DISEASE*
Legions of men constantly carry intheir hearts unspeakable pratltnfle to him
for b!s masterful cure of their special -WEAKNESSES and DISEASES and for the
complete restoration of their health and Natural Powers.
F iii Co^ ¦
no M$$7 s^ XRFAX
T D CAT \ T« '¦» "*** \i %. t\ M I Y
DISEASES jflliQl^ CURE
BUT ™ EM
TREAT - KlSean^v^S cured -
Longest Established Most Successful and
Reliable Specialist in Diseases off Men.
My exhaustive study of man ln health and in dlseaae ha* enabled me to evorre
my own methods of conquering disease and my profound devotion to the Specialty
of "Dlsenses Peculiar to Men" haa siven me the mastery of Special and Spedfle
male maladies.
WADIPDPCI 1 I cure to stay cured by a painless, rapid, safe and reliable method
VnnluUuLLuof my own origination, by the use of which I spare th» Varicocele
patient the risks and suffering incident to the old-time. wtde-op«n operation with
the knife. The varicose or diseased and dilated veins are contracted and
strengthened, their elasticity ls restored and normal circulation and nutrition of
important orpans become re-established. Thus Varicocele is cured and recovery
of health and power Immediately follows.
CTDIHTIIIC 1 cure by the use of special curative remedies, which qnlcXly d!s-
• ?! ni * I Uflf. solve all unnatural and hardened stricture bands and cause their
absorption and removal, thus leaving the Urethra or Urinary Channel free for the
passage of urine and the secretions of the reproductive organs.
This treatment for Stricture ls a revelation In specialism. Those who> take ad-
vantage of this perfect means of cure are enabled to avoid the terrible suffering
caused by harsh. Bteel-sound treatment and cutting procedures, which to often en-
tall conditions worse than the original malady.
MC£\/n QCYIIAI nCCjIl ITY ls a combined term which signifies a decline
lit- VU-onAUAL UCUlU \ I of force ln the greneral system and also a loss of
certain special functions and powers.
No matter what the cause, it ls always necessary in such cases to correct the
defects by supplying elements of power. This is the keynote of success ln th»
treatment of Nervous and Seminal Debility. Premature Decline. Lost Power ana
other weaknesses included under the broad and sweeping term of Nervo-Sexual
Debility. The cure of these Infirmities singly or collectively Implies the restora-
tion of tone ln every organ of the body and the renewal ot the nerve impulse or
force which governs and controls all organs.
I solved this problem years ago by research alonir the line or animal chem-
istry, and my discovery was that of means by which I revitalize the powers of the
male organism so aa to cure any form or stage of Debility.
CDCPICIP Dl finn DniCniU ls cured by me without saturating the human
Or'ulr III DUHJU rUlcUH system with poisonous and destructive minerals,
which are so difficult for nature to remove from the tissues when once they have
been administered. My treatment for Blood Poison does not molest normal,
healthy tissues, but It has the wonderful property of antagonizing, destroying and
expelling blood poisons and blood taints.
SrQnnUA CUEIIM^TIQM and **»« countless skin diseases which are> due
nUrULfli " n L Um r) Mo ITl to blood poison yield to the Influence of my
treatment. The curative remedies which I use are purely botanical, possess won-
derful alterative, tonic and antl-toxlc properties and may be taken without Inter-
ruption until every drop of blood and every atom of tissue 1 ln the body is rendered
normal and pure.
COMPLICATING, ASSOCIATE AND REFLEX DISEASES.
Attending the principal affliction to be cured ls often some additional condition
or disease, which asyravates and favors the progress of the main malady.
I possess such skill that I am enabled to cure every disease which may have
associated Itself with or been caused by the original Infirmity or disease. 1 never
dismiss a case until cured in every particular to stay cured. This ia one secret
of my never falling to cure any man who applies to rne for treatment.
If the case be Varicocele. Stricture. Nervo-Sexual Decline or Prostatle Dis-
ease, and is complicated by Rupture, Hydrocele. Hemorrhoids (Piles), or other
rectal or pelvic diseases of any character. I always cure such additional malady
also, go that the cure may be perfect and permanent!
Reflex effects of all pelvic complaints are destructive to the tone of the vl'al
nerves, and often induce mental and nervous maladies, such as NEURASTHENIA
or NERVOUS EXHAUSTION", INSOMNIA and MELANCHOLY, sometimes AC-
TUAL INSANITY. . - w „ „ -^
No other human ills areso potent ln the dethronement of manhood as Vari-
cocele, Stricture, Prostatic Disease and other destructive maladies of the Oenlto-
Urinary system. -'• ¦ "-' ...
I understand the true nature of the causes and effects of these physical evil*,
and I have the requisite skill to restore all men victimized by their own folly or
by the innocent inheritance of blood taint. . • -
I am the friend of afflicted mankind and may be consulted free and in absolute
cfltoc. CAUTION!
The country ls full of doctors who live nowhere, go everywhere, force tbern-
selves upon you, promise anything and do nothing but get money, run
away and stay away. Dr. Sweany remains ln San Francisco.
wttho^t^layfor 3 WRITE gk£& ma^tment.
DR. F. L. SWEANY, 737 Market Street. San Francisco.
A great many women are subject to
spells of dizziness, spots before the eyes,
and a ringing noise in the head. These
¦vmptoms are commonly associated with
liver "trouble " as the result of a diseased
condition of the stomach and other or-
gans of digestion and nutrition.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery cures diseases of the stomach and the
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
It cures through the stomach diseases
seemingly remote from that organ, but
which liave their origin in a cliseased
condition of, the stomach and digestive
and nutritive system. Hence, cures of
heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, and other
organs are constantly effected by the
use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery.
There is no alcohol in the tt Discovery"
and it is free from opium, cocaine, and
all other narcotics.
Some dealers may offer a substitute as
" just as good " as Dr. Pierce's ' Golden
Medical Discovery. There's more profit
in substitutes for the dealer. There's
more health in the n Discovery " for you.
Don't be imposed on.
"It ia with the greatest pleasure I 'write you
the benefit mv mother has received from your
1 Golden Medical Discovery,' " says Miss Carrie
Tohnsonj of Lowesville, Atnherst Co., Virginia.
She suffered untold misery with uterine disease
and nervousness, and had I a constant roaring
and ringing noise in her head. After taking
six bottles of Dr. Picrce's Golden Medical Di*
covery she was entirely cured." '
When a laxative is ; required use Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
Vi ¦' ffir . , Th . e k" lure °* medicine, of quacks— and even of other so-call-ed electric
« \ \f belts— is no argument against Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt No other
h ¥\ 5i, « treatment, no other belt, is in the same class with it Everythinjr else mav
y Pi! \-~* H ""1 fail but Dr. McLaughlin's Belt will cure. It HAS cured thousands who
?V i tried other remedies without success. v
€k --FvXitwiA / Y our . most intim! «e friends are using it and being cured. They do not
g mention it, because few men want any one to know they are in need of such
£ '"^m^%i&^^ treatment. It makes men strong; it removes the effects of early habits dis-
S sipation. overwork, and all violation of the laws of nature. It helps nature
" ' \ '•'"••/ mend, and makes perfect. No man who is weak will make the rijrht effort
y \j\ / t0 r «£ am hls strength until he tries
I I ml m ' MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
2 '** f fysJi'} The rand ' Jnvljforatinsr Electric current !s given to the weakened
? & V'i J f^ ? rerves and or « ans ' and 1Is them with youthful energy. It makes old men
SIT/ Se»i young and young men viRorous. It is the essence of vital power which
I i-j£7 r '"'I i-.vakens the dormant energies, creates physical strength and elevates it to the
L i"S? V \i I highest standard. . c
! 4. A >. / . J 1 cures . to stay aired. Nervous Debility, Weakness of any kind whether
I \ j W. 7 in ? ei 7"' , S L°_ ma #' H "^' . Llvc T r or Kidneys. It cures Rheumatism. Pains
•' v\ '.j 7 I !ii Back and Shoulders. Sciatica. Lumbago; Indigestion, Neuralgia. Consti-
H ! / pation; Dyspepsia, and all troubles where new life can restore health
{ \ .1 V , CA J L 0R SI^> FOR FREE B0OK_If you are weak, if .you have
tf W, N^ V I -ame Back, Rheumatism. Weak Sromach, Dyspepsia; Sleeplessness Phy-
/ s ,' cal Decline. Loss of Energy and Ambition or any evidence of breakine
f.i m (!own of the physical or nervous system, COME AND SEE ME OP
g ¥ bI A XP K U S. S^H^sl^k!^ AND SVMPT8&
g DR M fi MrrAilliHMM 702 market street,
m Illli Hit Ui tlluLnUUHLyi^ San Francisco, Cal.
AI*AIOn>A DEDEQATION
SENDS FOB WHEELER
President of the University Beady to
Talk to Any Committee or to
the Whole Leglslature.
CAtil. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, Jan. 19.— Benjamin Ide "WTieeler,
president of tho State University, will ar-
rive here next Monday. He has been in-
vited to meet the Alameda delegation. In
accepting the Invitation ot the delegates
he said:
"I am ready and anxious to meet any
person, any body of persons, any commit-
tee or the whole Legislature, to frankly
discuss university affairs."
In connection with university topics, tha
fact ls mentioned that neither the Gov-
ernor nor the Controller has received a
financial report of the Institution for the
1 year 1900. The Controller ln his biennial
report for the two years ended June 80.
1900, fdves figures showing the revenue de-
rived by the university from the one cent
tax authorized in 1887 and the additional
one cent tax authorized in 1S97. Receipt*
for the fiftieth fiscal year amounted to
$219.058 41; for the fifty-first fiscal year,
I236.3SD 39. Apart from this tax the uni-
versity gets the interest on H.959.U4 (H,
that sum being the amount in the con-
solidated perpetual endowment fund. Tnls
fund consists of the following.
Bonds $«95.000 00
Mortpaffes S31.821 93
Buiiuini?s •J2-2S2 22
Diverted funds 79,TjO 00
Funds ln Savings Bank 1« 80
Caiih awaiting- investment* 42.K3 31
Total $1,959.114 04
In 1SS0 it was discovered that the State
Controller had U3ed $73,750 which belongs!
to the State University. By an act of the
Legislature of March 4. 1SS1. the 3tat-s
was authorized to pay the university <i
per cent interest on this sum until such
time as the principal should be paid. That
interest Is now being orawn on under the
title of "diverted funds."
The Controller in his last report directs
attention to tho fact that the money in
the consolidated perpetual nndowment
fund is controlled exclusively by the
Board of Regents, although into this fund
is paid the interest on bonds held in trust
by the State Treasurer for the benefit of
the university.
• Ia pAAiiirLi\ ta tilM. /nrag^rir. *"¦¦- 1 *ji
2^ Thousand* of thrifty choppers have been benefited by the marveloui offerings of our January Clearance ¦ Bale. Dependable -«•
•-_ merchandise, allied to eoooomic&l prices, haa riven us unprecedented patronage. A determination to make the coming week A
ZZZ WKK^ OF GREAT SELLING leadi us to offer you these remarkably rood values at extremely low prices. Don't miss them. — J
I I 50c TRICOT FLANNEL I PHENOMENAL DRESS GOODS OFFERING, lsi-35 Gloves for-89TraF1 1
E Far 59c Yard. $18.00 AND $20.00 SUIT PATTERNS FOR $6.95 EACH JUST5^JS M 'S?j55Sr
£ TTe offer another lot of the*e ™«7 e # *• £" t !2,,S£" ZE i?!* 0 "?**? '^ 8 -
•»-- chnW el! xrnoi Tricot Fi»n- 150 of tfce choicest— distinct, rare French novelties that were fan v. nwT , r rkv n-r M<wi """•
y- (See 'Window Display.) ' H^J
£ IMMENSE SILK VALUES. » ODCAT WRAPPFR QAI E %
ST Lart w*ok-f Bale, mafle a new record ln cllk vellinr for H U'lLH I if llHrrLlI OHLLl =55
y^ th'.s etore: beyond all expectations. Ajraln to-ir.orrow. _ot
y piA U n . 8 |*« S !l Ve Oft V*l l0 ° J" anj8 choice and Our entire etock of FUnnel Wrappera to be closed out at
._ nSull f»Ul .IIJ OllKS. hMP Yfl 'xqu'slte hlRh grade half price. Every rarment cut liberally; no skimp skirts— r2
£ Wrrtk$L25« B «a00.fcrU3b lUi "^.^^fwj • no te th^ price,. 3
»— rtylM and weare*; ln beautiful rolor combinations, OChf» ZZS
SZ that readily eold at tl 25 and Jl.W. To clow> Yard. \JG'^ ffl TC u/ r ,-- 3 -« SS dozen ladle*' flannelette wrappers, ln the -*«
**— -I,*', Cl~t.*nr' TiVfii af% Wl P*> yarfld 24 -lneh / nn r"^L b * Bt dark coloring, finished with deep :^g
— B!2CK Flajrei Taffeta. R On Yd ™** rU™* &?. for 98c Each. *Z5? a %*»i2z- Were *hl% \° 98c
S^ *-«-«rlnr 'Ilk: on- that we can recommend: «u1tah> for dre«T>e* $"] c fl F'SJIH* 5 ! WnDPPFS Th '" ¥e are ma<3e of the best quality ;-ej
;r~ "RBirt* anfl I!n1nr. F!rerr yard -worth 75c and 85c. A Q-, f.'f i ft- r I. '• O»rman eiderdown flannel. in
2= To rlo« Yard. TrOC IGT v>l .9 "» t3Cll. stripes and nfrure.«»ln rich, dark . :3
£ Black Peso d? Sole, 0| |Q VA Ufttt SS " m eold at WB $! ~ i
fc: WcrthS1.50. To-norrjw Olllv .1 111 gnit^i^S' .^4. f 0 R'tll Roh fl S Lad1 "' R " W001 bath *<>**¦*¦ finished with 3
g 5P4?3?££5^§Hs5g£«SS SB for $2.98 Each. S'ST.r^' W:',,%.%$.l"i I
S cu-^ R »w T n 0 DiN R nw ?*ccc A CLE * f|JJP GF mmi * »» FLANNEL WAISTS GREAT! Y REDUCED
£ SHOT AND PILLOW CASES. FLANNELETTE &H3 FRENCH FUNNELS ,£& «»«« «« i* itM & 3
«h_ The anniTinremcrt of Inr* Treble that we p._._ cV «^ , „„*,, ,„ v , . clasped with the odd lots and priced ac- --•
2E: wi«H *<-H Sb^t? an/, rf!Ir,w Ci.?e» for !p«i 1 ! Bh f rt -» en^ th w '» be cVwd out to- Cf^rdinirly. Not a Ffnffle carment will be :*»
JZZ than ptwf-t mill prtr-B brontctat hundreds 5^5™ „ -- i , redu . ctlon °' 2» per cent. rc?rr\ed. All the dainty and stylish waists _^
rt= ,f rarr mtra,^. We rhall re r -at this ?JZv'n.. w * rt «5 t*™? 1^, '' nil ? h ' In re<3uo '' lJ as 'ollows:
£ SSs'jsrsSS'^^ SSSSSaSSaS?^ °*Ms$MMM$m 3.
n-.n^-rrt n-!ii A" mp.rtfft to-morrow one-quarter off. "i £.acn vi^ « —^ ¦
»^- frlr """ ra trIU 4O . R r h j"__ m , 7 _ v. rH Our ;« 00 and $5 00. Waists for po.95 -J?
+T- t.t> dir ITeached !~h-et«. P ! S e Mx AClr* KiDOOn IOr \tC Yard E h g)t5
J2 pri - «rortlJ fSc. F.a> prtM....narh "'iv The FT«at»rt of all ribbon offerlnint-you " " US
§ ?^S h H3Sf2S i% C T Sn S3.00 PETTICOATS FOR SU*. 3|
A a S3ftS& B 5SaS 57iC $1.00 Vests and Pant, 69= Earh &!£ff$82Z£St SSS^S 3 .
»^_ ::n Art.. r>1eRoh->.1 Pillnir Oases, \t\r- -, 15 flo1 - L * dl( * B Natural"Wool Vests and oyr.ino and black. Regular $3 00 ' d 1 O5 :^
«^— <rx'.«. wrrfh is-. Fai. prt^...Kach Iv7^ Pnnts. a nice, soft quality, perfect flnlnh<«d sklrta for Each tj> I -*•
SZ !« <3r?.. BieRch^l Pillow Of^x, lO»/> ''am". *U *I«« >9 : the tl qualltv. f>Q r '
Sz f^xSR. ¦worth 16e. Pale price.. Kach 1 -i«»C r or KachVJc/V^ „,««, nnrA «,.. n »,„«...... -Si
M n «l,Tn- a 1e « 6or >n-im^ Hu.k Children's 20r School Hose He Pair LADIES' WOOL DRESSING S4GQUES. =3
S^r riU ..¥. tOre'S. Tc*fli, F i»e I?x36. the be»t _^ special purchase of Rood weartn^ We have taken all our « E0 and t3 00 t£k
Jt; vr.lue offend thus far; well w^rth C1.7.'» ? .°k, i '^ ," 5 }<> '.warranted PacqueK. made of the t*st all-wool Rlppl* -*
mZ !!I,NH File prlc» Dozen © ¦ — f-'.s. b srkdoublf Iraees and double || r Eiderdown Flannel, and cut them to U 93 rS
y- T«M» ni«,rl A splendid wuaMty -0- " : h °**' X ° Cl ° 9 ' at Palr W Mch - They are nnlshed In the best pos-
Ta^Ie DaniirK. , nf r B WrtS T.M- Silk Mcreen slbl« style. with appllqued and satin- = -g
J^: T.'nen. In rh^e patterns. a linen We will offer to-irorrow the bert 10c and ?T und P 5" ar> ln 6h . adl * n of cardinaK pink. -^,
— yru r«r.n«t duplicate ur.der 75c =Q r »e gra^e of Fllk Moreen for 42c yard. £ u * *" fl **$"• *£ • lzes; JT cr « 5
g~ yard. Pal- price Yard OJW About 12 of the leading shades to select fiM and ** °°- To close.. ..Each <Q> 1 r^
*«— cj tin r^m'ntprk fnr S! 1O farh frtim: so much ln demand for pet- A O<-»
fc $ V>^T h e Or ra Twee,c S w?^e a „ " YS ' v T* EMBROIDERY BrRSAINS. 2^
£- 6otn oamlortm. extra larre Use. min 20c Skirt Lining 12c Yard ftr Jr 1 "-"' "„:."' " " " ' R =3
r^- with rure white scttnn. with entirely new SMnrh Fllk Premier Fklrt Lining a de- 25C EMBRO D^RY FOR FC YfiRQ H2
— - ooverinre; vei-e bourht to be onia pendnMe wearing quality, ln all the lead- * -- Z"L r '~' , \., „ . T := «
«t »! 50. Redured for this sale Of.19 In* i=hadee. Including black. Pr>*- « t> ~ ~ on een * afford to mlm thin offerlnR. It -««•
"— to Each Ol clal rrice to clow Yard £ -*S^' Involves a patherlm: of 12C0 yards of new
g= I5r Crash for 9c Yard EXTRA SPICUL BUCK GOODS OFFER. Sf SfflSSEK^S&KS SLBS 3
fc iJ^Z? X^tTrEZ w ? l -f°,, CH f n S T r0R , 69C n, YA v R^ I
2^ Fperla! for ....Yard«iC This Is by far the grrandeet Black Goods regularly 25c yard. To-morrow.. Yd ¦ &C 3
T*ie unne In ert-a he.w a rood w«u- ba^a-ln. and we fcave plven you some sreat -^
"~ l-rm"r«n« fuiW lS^nThei' wide ones - w * clc6ed out for 6 P 0t ca * h K c " a =3
in»r trarte and rully IS inches wide. at one . t h!rd less than import price. Extra 0C r Al I -OVFR ! APF 4Q* Y*Rn
MarCP T l!o<: Ol'IlfC Extra larjre slie En*- hea\->- Rlack Cheviot. £0 Inches wide, a ° ' b HLL u ' tn "-HUE. HOj InnU, _-*•
• r OIOjilKr? I^LIIId. jiFh Marselllee Quilts. Rood and dependable wearing quality. Imitation Duchesse, Renalssanoe and — «
\ZZ Quite heavy, twelve choice desljrns to <>n special sale to-morrow, also nn. Point de Paris All Over Lace, ln pretty -*•
»_ relent from: wer* $2 t9. Reduced <2I-9.'> Tue»lar, If quantity lasts, at.. Yd vJcJC deeltma, that oriplnally sold at 85c A O/-.
JET for this sale Each V» Regular value $1.00. a yard. To close Yard H»7t _^ .
l! GLEARINB CF SILK country orders receive promptTttention, S5.03 BLACK 3
WA'STS VV * LKIMG C KIRT^ "~*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v^JfflHEfiS^iMi/i'^^^V-^i^KsB^^^ t?wW%
8 4^C 50 "^'vc^iKv^
1 3=Piece Parlor Sets j
I Beautifully flnlihed mahogany; cov-
1 er«4 with fine silk Ujwstry clots. .
| SWEEPING RhDUGIlONS
I in FURNITURE and CARPETS
S Estimates on complete housefurniah-
3 ZK C e ?I?EDIT EXTENDED.
S Free delivery within 2M nilies en J2i
8 wortn and over.
I T. Brilliant Farnitnre Co.,
1 338-342 Post St. i o^E^^a K «.dty of Louisville Is turned to Wat-
WATCHMAN PERISHES
WHXLE FIOHTJJilO' FIBE
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 19.-John Vallar.
with his six horses and a wagon laden
with lumber, went through the bridge
over Bear Creek to-day. Vallar was In
jured and four horses killed.
Goes Through a Bridge.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jan. 19.-C. W.
Kouns, superintendent of the car service
for the Santa Fe, has been appointed to
the position of assistant general superin
tendent of the Santa Fe system, with
headquarters in Topeka. .
Kouns Is Promoted.
PARIS, Jan. 19.— In the first chamber of
the Civil Tribunal yesterday Maitre De
cori asked the court to nullify the mar
riage of M. George Roussel, secretary of
the Society of American Dentists In Paris,
and Mrs. Harrison, a widow, and daughter
of an English admiral. Mr. Roussel Is a
Frenchman and a graduate ln dental
surgery of Parts and New York, with a
large American clientele. Counsel asserted
that his client thought he was only going
through a mock marriage ln 1899 when tha
ceremony took place. The case was ad
journed for a fortnight to hear counsel
for the defense, the defendant not being
represented.
Unable to Aid Vlgilanda.
HAVANA, Jan. 19.— Tugs and lighters
have been unable to get alongside the
Ward line steamer Vlgilanda, which is
aground about eight miles west of Ha
vana, for the last two days. The crew
of the steamer have not been taken off,
and many cattle and much freight are
still iiliniiiil .liMiUJTELUIHmlMi
Storm on the Channel.
LONDON, Jan. 19.— The steamer service
across the pbannel has been Interrupted
by a gale, which Is Increasing ln violence
Several minor disasters are reported.
- *
M. George Roussel Sues to Have His
Marriage to Mrs. Harrison
Ann Tilled.
CLAIMS TO BE VICTIM
OF A MOCK WEDDING
¦Vv-ASHTNOTOM. Jan. 13.— The session of
of House to-day was devoted chiefly to
the postal codification bill, which waa
about half completed. The discussion
turned mainly on the proposition to com
pel star route contracts to be let to per
sons living contiguous to the route, but
the proposition was defeated after extend
ed debate. Among the bills passed was
the granting; of fifteen days' annual leavs>
to employes of navy-yards, arsenals, etc
to Employ** of Navy
Yards.
Fifteen Bays Annnal Leavs Granted
HOUSE CONSIDERS
THE POSTAL BILL
The delay in the publication of the en
cyclical on "Christian Democracy," which
caused a great deal of comment, was thus
explained yesterday by Cardinal Agllardi,
who has been assisting his Holiness in its
preparation: - -
"At the last Vatican reception I asked
the Pope when he expected to be able to
give the encyclical to the world. He re
plied he had considei'ed it necessary to
Introduce several further modifications in
order to, make it clearer and to leave no
room for conflicting interpretations. We,
await," added his Holiness, "a favorable
moment for publication. Affairs in the
French Chamber keep us very • preoccu
pied. We must have a little patience*.".
Cardinal ARliardi's personal -opinion is
that the encyclical will not : be published
until -the . question now at issue between
the Vatican and the French Government
and Chamber of Peputies is settled.
The Pope spoke an hour and a half.
After the reception each Cardinal as he
left was observed to have a folded paper
sealed heavily with the papal arms. These
mysterious proceedings, which naturally
aroused the deepest interest, are consum
ing Kcnve with curiosity, ln the hope of
throwing some llcht on the matter a call
was' made on Cardinal Macchi, who Is
usually the most affable and accessible
of the Prince" 3 Church, but bis Eminence
absolutely declined to say a word on the
subject. The private secretary of one of
tho members of the sacred college, while
not professing to speak with authority,
expressed the opinion that the document
contained the Pope's political testament —
that is to say, set forth his views as to
his successor and the policy of the church
in matters in the immediate future. The
document will not be opened until after
Leo XIIl's death.
The report current ln Vatican circles Is
to the effect that the Pope, on handing
the paper to each Cardinal, merely re
marked that the seal would be Droken at
his demise, which he had no reason to
suppose would be delayed beyond this
year, and that, in view of the gravity of
the outlook for the church, it will be pre
pared for a conclave. Messengers left
Rome Tuesday wi-h documents for foreign
Cardinals throughout Christendom.
ROME, Jan. 19.— Exceptional Importance
was attached by the Vatican to the recep
tion last Tuesday by the Pope, unusual
precautions being taken to maintain so-,
crecy as to the proceedings. Two days
previous Cardinal Rampolla, Papal Secre
tary of State, sent a note to all the Car
dinals urging on them the necessity of at
tending, as the Pope was desirous of mak
ing- a communication of exceptional grav
ity. Consequently none of the twenty-five
Cardinals who were then in Rome was
absent, even Monslgnor Oreglla, Paxocchi
and Ledochowskl, all of whom have been
on the sick list for some time, managing
to be present. Only the Cardinals and hia
Holiness were present.- Even the trusted
officers of the papal household, who or
dinarily are present on these occasions,
were excluded Tuesday.
His Holiness Said to
Have Predicted His
Early Demise.
Each Is Handed a
Sealed Doeu
mPTit,
111 Oil u.
CARDINALS
MEET POPE
IN SECRET
MANILA. Jan. 19.— The section of the
municipal code relating to the qualifica
tions, of electors was much discussed to
day before the Philippine Commission,
The bill requires voters to own real estate
to the value of 600 peso*, or to pay taxes
to the amount of SO pesos and upward,
and be males of upward of 28 years of
age, who speak, read and write English
or Spanish. All are required to swear al
legiance to the United States.
Judge Taft, president of the commission,
promised to amend the bill so as to In
clude men paying 20 pesos taxes.
Buencamlna and other Federal party
leaders object to the feature empowering
the provincial governors to determine the
legality of the elections of the local of
ficers.
The effect of the section covering the
taxation of church properties will be to
largely put the assessment ln country dis
tricts on persons to whom friars have
nominally transferred the largre tracts of
land which they formerly claimed to own.
The friars left all the country districts
during the disturbed periods. Large hold
ings of land and business property la
Manila are owned directly by the church,
and as a similar provision for the taxation
of church properties will be Included ln a
separate bill for the civil government of
Manila, that question will then be more
directly at issue.
Lieutenant Morrison was a native of
Iowa and was graduated ln the military
academy in June, 1896. He was assigned
to the Third Cavalry and served with that
regiment ln the campaign ag-atn*t Santi
ago. In February. 1900, a few months after
he had reached the grade of first lieuten
ant, he was transferred to the Fourth
Cavalry and served with that regiment ln
the Philippine Islands up to the time of
his death.
WASHINGTON. Jan. ».— Adjutant Gen
eral Corbln received a cable messag*
from General MacArthur at Manila to
day saying that First Lieutenant John,
Morrison Jr. of the Fourth Cavalry was
killed near Gapan, P. I., yesterday. No
particulars are given, but It Is supposed
the officer was shot from ambush while
he was away from his company.
Philippine Commission Considers Sec
tion of the Code Relating to
Qualifications for
Electors.
Lieutenant John Morrison
Is Shot Down From
Ambush.
FILIPINOS KILL
YOUNG OFFICER
THE HAGUE. Jan. 19.— Duke Henry of
Mecklenburg-Schwerln will arrive here
January SO to attend the festivities pre
liminary to his marriage to Queen WH
helmina. It is officially announced that
Immediately after the marriage the Queen
will confer upon him the title of Prince
and give him high military and naval
rank.
High Rank for Duke Henry.
QUEEKSTO^TN. Jan. IS.— Siffmund
Herta of Kew Tork City, who was arrest
ed shortly aXter his arrival here Thursday
evening on the Allan steamer Corinthian,
from Halifax January 7. charged with
forgery In tbe United States. aj>i>«ared In
the police court to-finy and was handed
over to the Scotland Yard detective who
had come here for the purpose of taking
the prisoner to L-ondon for extradition
When the depositions were read Hertz re
plied: "I have nothing to say."
His wife, who .had accompanied him
across the ocean, was present la court
duxinjr the proceedings.
SIG^TCTND HEETZ IS
GIVSN A HEAUING
PARIS, Jan. 19.— A tragic Incident oc
curred at the College of France this af
ternoon. A young Russian girl student,
Vera Gelo, tried to assassinate an aged
professor. Senator Emllft Deschanel. fath
er of the president of the Chamber of
Deputies. The professor had Just con
cluded a lecture on French literature
when Vera Gelo, who was one of the au
dience, pointed a revolver at him. Her
friend, another Russian student, noticing?
the movement, sacrificed herself by Inter
vening and received a bullet In the chest.
She fell at Professor Deschanel's feet,
bleeding profusely. Vera Gelo was ar
rested. It appears she is mentally de
ranged. She said Professor Deschanel
had slandered her and added, ln heart
broken tones: "I have wounded my
friend."
AnotherStudent Receives
the Bullet in Her
Chest
Vera Gelo Tries to
Kill Her Teaeher.
GIRL SHOOTS
AT AN AGED
PROFESSOR
Recruits for Far East.
¦WTLHELMSHAVEX. Jan. 19.— The
Xorth German Lloyd steamer H. H.
Meier, Captain Formes, sailed for the Far
East to-day with 500 naval recruits on
board.
prostration been so conservatively treated
in the newspapers as here, where It Is of
the most vital Importance^ The papers,
like her subjects, hesitate to speak plainly
of the fears oppressing them regarding
the Queen. The headlines of moat of the
afternoon papers to-day were confined to
non-committal words in big type, like
"Her Majesty's Condition," but the. news
venders were doing tremendous business
with every edition. It was a gloomy day
for London. The anxiety on every face
from the East End workman to the fre
auenters of the St. James Club comported
with the drizzling rain. London's com
ment on yesterday's official statement was
that it might mean little or much. The
bulletin of to-day forced the conviction
on the nubile mind that it meant much.
The officials told the newspaper corre
spondents that they hoped for the best,
but their manner showed they feared the
worst. Withal, the intelligence ( dld not
surprise people. The unanimous e-omment
was that they feared it. While thv» Queen
was wonderfully strong physically for her
age, the cares and sorrows not only of
the war but arising from the death of
her grandson In South Africa and of her
favorite lady In waiting. Lady Churchill,
at Christmas, affected her vitally, and the
empire awaited the news from Osborne
with the keenest suspense, in memory of
the Queen's subjects.
The Xlcaragua treaty was never rated
in the public mind here as an issue of
overwhelming importance. It was com
pletely forgotten before the supreme
topic. But to-day's developments confirm
the forecasts, and the Cabinet Is likely to
hold the question under consideration dur
ing several meetings. In the meantime
the chief desire of Englishmen appears to
be for an amicable settlement.
Petition Withdrawn.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— The petition re
cently presented for the compulsory wind-
Ing up of the affairs of the London and
Globe Finance Corporation, limited, has
been withdrawn and the court haa ordered
the voluntary winding up of the com
pany's affairs to proceed under the super
vision of the court.
All Important Questions
Put Aside by Fears
* for Queen.
# —
lOXDOX, Jan. 19.— Probably nowhere
elee In the world has Queen Victoria's
British Cabinet Is
Not Fully De
eided.
NICARAGUA
TREATY HELD
IN ABEYANCE
BERLIN , Jan. 19.— The Prussian bi
centenary celebrations drove out for a
time, almost completely, public Interest
for anything else. The Socialist and
part of the ultra-Radical press made an
attempt to show that the fetes were pure
ly dynastic, but this Is not- true. The-!
liagein;? and decorating throughout fier- j
Un, even In the poorest laborers' houses, j
and the general Illuminating last even- '
ing proved the contrary, as also did the !
Immense crowds thronging the streets (
until midnight. Among the fla^s the i
German tri-color predominated largely, i
the Prussian white and black being &een j
only occasionally. The Kreuz Keltung\ !
which Is narrowly .Prussian, deplores '
this, saying-: "In a similar fete in Sax- i
ony or Bavaria the Saxon or Bavarian
flags would appear in the majority."
About the Emperor's address of Thurs- i
day to the officers, an official who was
present says that his Majestv empha
sized that during the 200 years of their ex- !
Istence the Prussian Kings had often j
been forced to draw the sword to be
come what they are to-day. The Prus- I
sian officers' corps, he added, had a large
¦ban in this Ion? combat for Prussia's
I greatness and power, but now, when Ger- 1
, many and Prussia's main tasks are the '
maintenance of peace, it has become the
principal duty for the Prussian officers' !
corps to develop the army in all which ;
braces the body and soul. The army, he !
continued, was also the best school for i
monarchic sentiment and a strict fulfill- !
ment of duty. j
Part of the press to-day criticizes Em
peror William's rescripts to the navy and
army, the Socialistic Vorwaerts point
ing out that, in spita of hia Majesty's
claim that the army is the best support
of the state, there was a time when the
army and state miserably foundered.
Anent the navy rescripts the Vor
waerts says: "Since the Emperor now
openly acknowledges he wants to make
the navv as formidable a weapon as the
army, the Emperor must have another,
further-reaching-, programme for navy
expansion."
It became known to-day that Emperor
William yesterday afternoon, while driv
ing, ran into a heavy cart, injuring a lad,
Herman Linde, who was driving-. Al
though the fault lay with the driver of
the cart, his Majesty sent him a hand
some present.
From an unexceptionable source it Is
learned that Germany, neither in the past
nor In the future, has Interposed or will
offer any obstacle to Russia's claim on
Manchuria. Count von Bulow has given
the Russian Embassador repeated assur
ances since ths beginning of the Chines*
troubles, and quite recently again, that
Manchuria lies out of Germany's lnter
commerclal sphere and that it Is no way
touched on by the Anglo-German agree
ment.
The project of a net of cables to cover
the world Is being diligently pursued by
Germany and is most actively furthered
by the Emperor, who made some signifi
cant utterances on the subject to Privy
Postal Counselor Streiker recently. The
latest shape of the project so' far as the Far
East Is concerned is as follows: Germany
and the Netherlands are Jointly to lay a
cable which will go through the Dutch
Indies, touching at the Natunas Islands,
Billotln, Palemburg, Batavia, Macassar,
German New Guinea and the Carolines,
with a central point at Shanghai, then
branching from Klaochau easterly ft Ja^
pan and America. The Dutch Government
will lay the cable through its own colo
nies and Germany will do the rest. The
financing of this project is about consti
tuted.
In principle the plan of General von
Podbielskl, the Imperial Postmaster Gen
eral, for gradually raising the annual ap
propriations to a maximum of 6,000.000
marks in 1902 has been approved by Em
peror William, but If private companies
with a estate subvention will undertake
the work the Postmaster General will not
object
Another misunderstanding has arisen
with Bavaria. Prince Alphonse. nephew
of the Prince Regent, who attended the
funeral of the Grand Duke of Saxe-
Weimar, who died January 5, claims he
was snubbed by the Emperor's represent
atives. General von "Willlch and Prince
Regent Albrecht, etiquette and questions
of precedence being involved. On return
ing to Bavaria. Prince Alphonse resigned
command of the First Bavarian Cavalry
Brigade, with the approval of the Prince
Regent, who conferred on him a higher
but inactive rank and also bestowed on
him the highest decoration.
Foreign Office officials here know noth
ing of the alleged telegram from Em
peror Kwang Bu to the Embassadors re
garding the occupation of the Taku forts,
but they say the Chinese Commissioners
ha\-e written to the Embassadors ex
pressing certain wishes, which will be dis-
CUSBed during the peace negotiations.
The Foreign Office discredits the state
ment that fresh German troops are '.bout
to be sent to China for the relief of sick 1
wounded and returned soldiers. Only slip- '
plies for the troops will be sent hereafter.
No plans exist for the withdrawal of the
German troops or the return of Field Mar- i
shal Count von Waldersee. ' ¦ |
Germany has no plans In this connection
apart from the powers, and will. not take
independent action. How long the Ger
man troops will remain In China depend*
upon the Chinese themselves. ;
Project for a Net of Cables
to Cover the World Is
Diligently Pursued.
No Obstacle to the
Russian Claim to
Manehuria.
KAISER NOT
TO OPPOSE
THE CZAR
p THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
IN FOREIGN CAPITALS
er's Edge at Her Dock at
Ben ton Harbor.
BENTON HARBOR, Mich... Jan. 18.—
The Graham & Mortdh steamer City of
Louisville) burned to the water's* ed*e
early Saturday at the dock, where she
was laid uj> for . the winter. Charles
Bouthworth o* Saui^atuck, the watchman
r.as burned to death.
When the fire was discovered by persons
on the dock the pumps in the vessel were
working, showing that "Watchman South
worth had been flgrhtlnj? the fire. It Is sup
posed he was first overcome by smoke
and then burned. The City of Louisville
w»s valued at JlQOjOOO.
17
S. T.. December 4. 1S9»— Dr. Wong Hhj*. U5-
1XT Mason «.. S. T.. Cal.— Dear 8ir: For tb^
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my casa. which was heart trtrabl*. Aft»r treat-
ing with six eminent physicians my caso was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won*
Him. and his wonderful cures. I decided to trv
his herb treatment. He did all he eialwed. and
after treating six months I am now well and
strong. ¦ Tours, rpiipect fully.
December 13, 1W6- This Is t» c»rt«y that I
was suffering for flftesa ytan (Hb Bright s
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording ran any relief That
six months ago I applied ta Dr. Wong Him of
U3-U7 Mason street. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I wrtta this in
my appreciation of Dr. TToag Htas. and that
other sufferers may be relieved, and I will D «
glad to certify to this tn person ta any on*
tbat may call upon ma at my residence
"-ii H 11 ?: JOHN ALLAN3ON.
Orchard arenas. Elmhurjt. Alameda Co.. C»J.
BJLii FRANCISCO.. Oct.
A>w%in •• X50O— To whom It may
fiffli^ llt Xl coccern: This U to emiry
f that DR. WOXO HIM or
V?S)C I 113-117 Maaon street. Saa
mi_ A.T I Francisco, has cured m»
gyfe^O f of kldnrr trouble ansj
/^N»~/ rJieumatljin and I am
A^. happy to make thl« »tat»-
>p?2^r^^5o*^ a»«»t. »¦ I find the Ooctor
CbS^SW^^ strictly hon««t In «»«ry
Mu« at Um word «nd an
j hoaorahU man «u all hN
TO THE PUBLIC!
DR. UWS 2£INVlG0BAT0B£&£g
' lv« hundred rem-ard for any *^^*55-
ci»- »e cannot cure. This eecret |P*I mSM
ren.tdy stops all leases In 24 hours, I 8
cures Eciieaion*. Irnjx>tency. Vari- ''B^ YS^X
cocele. Oocorrhcxta. Gleet, Fits, 5Tf?
ftr.ctirres, W»t Manhood snd all SU* Ji^
»astlng ttttcXM of »eir-*buse or a^B * ;i
i irrf.H. 6cst sealed. K bottle; 2 UESKCi
»jott!»:«, SS; ruaranteed to cure any ca»e. Ad-
f'-r*fi» HALL'S MEDICAL. IXSTITUTE, 85*
iRromiway. OaVland. Cal. Aleo for *aJe at 107JH
T^«jket rt.. 6. F. AU rrtvate diseases oulckly
CSred. ttr.d for free bock.
/*f"^V Ban Francisco. Deo. M. lMo.
ifiSgSS^I To all whom it rnay ooncm:
f ~^Bf In December, ISW, . I was taken
Kp • sick with Black Typhoid Fever,
flV 9 the most virulent type known to
xJ~^i medical seieaoe. I bad hemer-
JJs^&^k rh»*»«. both r.»«a.l and Inte«tl-
¦ t^ffjj&f^ytf nal, eight of tbe Utter occur-
Vmf'j&iit&fi' rlr * ln on# ***• Dr - woo*
*br~nL*± « woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
rician v.as called, acd with one Cose of bia
Lea stepped tbe Sow of blood, thereby saving
ir.y lite, as I had been riven up by my white
phyciclan. as well as by all my friends. Was
ur.coc*c!cus four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo's
\rocder?cl skill he saved tny life frc»i this most
ratal of all fevers. Although I was connned to
my bed three months. «u able to resume my
vocation in s!x months from the time I went to
bfd. and cow I weirh 252 pounfl*. more than I
rsS ever attained r»r<r*1ous!y. I would cheerfully
i -commend Or. VVong 'Woo to any one ln need
cf a fir«t-c!as» physician for any cause what«o-
«ver.— RALPH W. FOLKS. Si5 Golden Gats
ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
Z?.. WCrO WOO TEA 1KB EERB SiNITABICX.
nsVm CLAY ETBEET.
Selling Out
MEXICAN STORE.
114 Stockton St.
WE VACATE JAN. 29.
Carved Leatber Goods
Linen Hand - Draws
Work
Fire Opals
Jewelry and Carlos
Indian Baskets
Mexican Figures
Fine goods at
less than whole-
sale cost
Fins Ctrrtd Leather
Belts, chsip at
$l : 50-Lart-oiaao»
prisa - - . Too
Remarkable Remedy That Makes the Hair Long, Soft,
Silky and Giossy — Msn, Women or Children, Even
Bald Heads, Can Have a Fine Head cf Hair.
Free Trial Package of This Wonderful Preparation Is Mailed Free to
All— Send Name and Address.
A r«m«dy has b~ ti tom& that make, hair i bewitching* personality, sayai "1 procured a
gnrw lonr and beautifully luxuriant. Tho pro- set of th» Foso Remedies while touring the
prietors will mall to any one who sends nam» States and they actually caused my hair to
end tfidrees a free trial package of the rem- grow anew. We have la Paris snch a bewil-
«<5y, bo that a test can be made of Us remark- during array of hair dressings tt seems strange
able lnfinenoe la stimulating the hair growth. w» must go to the States for one that will
As It Is a p«re vegetable t>roduct you need rr.a.ke the hair rrow. I had for several years
have no bwltancy ln using It freely, as It can- b«en losing my hair, had tried everything and
cot harm tbe most tender scalp. «u finally obliged to wear switches to keep
6end your name and address to tbe Alten- up appearances. I am happy to say that with
helm Medical Dispensary, tiSi Butterfleld the Foso Remedies my hair Is now more lux-
Bulldlog. Cincinnati. Ohio. Inclosing a 2-cent urlant than It rrer was and am thankful to
etamp to cover postage, and they will forward feel that It Is all my own and cannot fall off
the free trial package at oaee. There Is no to embarrass ma,"
rood reason why you or your children should Oeo. N. Thatcher of Covlngton, Ky., a prom-
hare poor hair. It ts necessary as a protection lr.ent railway official, says:
In both ninuinr and winter, and without a "I was getting so bald and snch a shining
rood growth of hair a child or adult Is always mark for my friends that I , was forced Into
i;able to colds. Sickness of the mother or using hair remedies. I tried a doien or more
cWld often rtuns or paralyies the hair roots, before I ran acroas the Foeo Treatment, and
and years are required for nature to overcome nm glad to say that I was well" rewarded.
ib# loss. Who can doubt the merits of this My entire scalp Is now thickly covered with
wonderful remedy when we have thousands of long, dark hair of the natural shade and I
ti Ktlmonialt from such unQuestlocabla peopls know beyond question that the Foeo Remedies
as the fallowing: caused this result. I do not hesitate to lend
Sa>B Professor Turner, President of Fair- my name and Influence to these thoroughly
mount College, Sulphur, Ky.: "After being trustworthy hair growers."
bsJd for thirty years I began using the remedy With this new remedy the hair roots are
ln U35, and in a few weeks thereafter my en- stimulated to a most gratifying degree. The
tire scalp was covered with a thick, downy young hair shoots forth and grows with sur-
trrowth of new hair. The whole of my hair jrlsing rapidity. Mothers of little girls whose
*ra« rose except a fringe around the hat line, hair Is short and apparently almost lifeless
In six weeks the bald spot was entirely cov- v-IH be particularly delighted with the wonder-
ered. I had been bald for thirty years, and ful effect of this marvelous remedy. While
when hair can be made to grow oa such a head the preparation U mainly Intended for the cure
as mine no bald-Hea£ed person need fear the 01* dandruff, falling hair and baldness ln older
results." people It Is desired to acquaint" the mother
MUe. Rlva, 149 Avecus des Champs Elyeees, with a preparation that will provide her little
the famous Parlflab Contralto. ¦. whose wonder- Uts with beautifying trepses. Do not neglect
fully luxuriant tresses add charm to a mpst v» write at wwa tar tha free trial package.
Our Annual
Discount and Over
...On...
Art Goods
And Pictures,
Crockery and
Glassware.
Commencing
Monday, January 21.
S. & G. GUMP CO.
113 Geary Street.
ADVESTISEMEirrS.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of Swamp=Root
To Prove What the World- Famous Discovery, SWAMP-ROOT, Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of the •• Call " May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Reporters fiaye Coniinclng Interviews With Prominent People Regarding Wonderful Cues by Swamp-Root
T^ la^Uis^*! \V/ \f E£&£>^*L- \> '* used to b? considered that only nrtn-
'f-fj .^*^*5S^u' / \ -^^^^^^S \ try and bla<i3er troubles were to b» trac»>4
/' tSP'^'HML s "*^ • >t P^^f^nP* I *° 1 " Jrt^ ne 3 r '« u * now oodrm dcl^nc*
(^ r y . *^T • | \§L. ?!& 1 ? I* f P* 0 ™ that nearly all diseases have their
(t !i£S5 r' ''v I &£& "*« If $ -^5^ r'rfsy J t^slr.nfr.ir lu th»> d!sortJer of the«»« most
Bu*L'n A\%s j£ \ ftf/i 7§fc^ m^\ A / J v***"^" JLifir \ Important organs.
I <> }%!^£$t$v W^&i A :^$*6W^n^k*? J Tbe kl(!neys fllter and purtfy th * hlood -
Mi^^^^^^S^^S^^^S^S^^^ are w«*X or
of or<3er ycu « a tmawitand how qtrfrkly
yJ^/^ /^»c^*^' *^ yonr entire body Is affected, and how
'¦" every ors^n seetca to fall to do Its duty.
RTH POLICE PRECINCT. Tf you are »!ck or "feel badly" berln
! _ . „ , w GREATER NEW TORK, Oct 11, 1900. ; takhtg the famous nev dlscorerr. T>r. TO1-
: Dr Kilmer & Co.. B!n B hanjton. N. T.: mer , 9 Swamp . Root> becanse M , oon a .
Gentlemen— Tn Justice to you. I feel It ts my duty to send you an acknowleds*- __„_ vi^t,--— .~ — ti ?*— — rn y. t~ -n
! ment of the receipt of the sample bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I rour M<Sne y* ar * ™ 11 tn *T *** "«'? «"
had been cut of health for the past five years with kidney and bladder trouble. Had th * oth «r organs to health. A trial will
, our beat physlciar.s prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but convince any one.
j the old complaint would Jn a short time return again. I sent for a sample bottle of "Weak and unhealthy kidneys «tr* r*-
| Swamp-Root, and I found It did me a world of gcod. Since then I have taken eight mr ,f>nm^hi» #«• *»«*.» .t.v^L^ .->» ¦'T.rr.'f.J
| Rmall bottles bought at my drugstore, and I consider myself permanently cured. It f P CI »"Dle ro*" more elcKne*s tnd snTerfnc
[ eeemed as though my back would break In two after stooping:. I do not have to get than any other disease, and If permtrt«d
up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three or four times a night, but to confirm* fatal rnnit* «r- mrm to fol-
now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in every way I am a , con " n ' n * r * tal re s «'«' "^ "^e to roi-
I jiew man. Two of my brother officers are still usingr Swamp-Root They, Ilk© my- low ' K'aney trouble Irritates the r.erve*.
i self, cannot say too much ln praise of It. It Is a boon to mankind. We recommend It makes vou dizzy restTes* •sl"et)!p^ and
: to all humanity who are suffering from any kidney, liver or bladder troubles. .^^?«vi^ xr-v— - „ ~,J_ . #?
i My. brother pfflcers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself. Irritable. Makes yon pass water often
: thank you for the blessiner you have brought to the human race In tbe compounding; during the day and ©bltg-e* yon to *"»t uo
j of Swamp-Root. We remain, yours very truly m t , mM &urlng th , R| ht CamM
JAiui(b COOK.
Officers of the 63th Poilce Precinct. HUGH E. BOTLD. putty or dark circles under tn« #yM.
Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN. rheumatism, irravei. catarrh of the blafl-
DIDN'T KNOW SHE HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE. W0£$££$0M
back ache. canse« Indlffestfon. stomach
| Women as Well as Men Are Made Miserable by SSSS^SiSfSSi^Sg
Kidney and Bladder Trouble. ? on hAA fcfart t"" 1^: ran may hare
J plenty of ambition, but no strength: set
"Ton have no Idea how wen I feel. I weak and waste away.
am satisfied that I do not need anv mere v^L- i*Tr^afS& .m. » *v . v« . •»»_
medicine, as I nm in as pood healih as I y^S^PS^?^ Th* rur- for thw t«mb!«i !- Dr. KU
ever v- a3 in my life." So S ay 3 Mrs. Mary /V^^^B&^^V^^ . ""•f" Sw^mp-Root the wnrU-t»mcnn kM-
Engelhardt of 2835 Xladi^on street. SI. A^^^P^*I^%. Vfi^ n ' y r / m< * rty " X ? t \ W , T5l? p^-^-R^t yr.«
. Louis, Mo., to a reporter of the St. Louis / Jmf%%$WjE^^^ c J" a ? u P f ° C~
'¦. GlobelDemocrat. lwf'i^&kg£gik \\ Swamp-Root « the rnc«t r-r>ct h-al-r
"For more than ten vears I had suffered I ffM^^W^S^^^mi \\ T ?,* , / W<Jn^ that ! »
! with what the doctors tfrmed / E«fr-f'//&r^ \\ t«TT medical -dene-.
: trouble; also heart trouble, with xwelllmr / lill^i rfT^fe^^^fi \\ there s any d^ibt In yw ra'nd -• to
I of the feet and limb-. Last surnn^r I Mt MS |^5J I T " Ur co " dlt! f n ; tnkp tnm *™ 7 "y** on
not affected, but I felt B ure that they were \ V \Mk *" / *' " Particles float about !a it. your
the cause of my trouble. A friend recom- \\ iBw^rtSgg!^^ are ln need of immediate atten-
mended me to tr>' Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- \\ *\,L?*tf .^i«P0Jz>*^. if < l n ' _ , , . . . .
Root, end I must say I derived Immense A V^f^v Y, mX il , Ot 1? T T"?. i "" 1*
¦ benefits almost from the first week. I "^i '" !r f h '^ re«)mrn«ld-
continued the medicine, taking it regular- * tlW/ T P^^"" ' n th " r T?™', pr * ctI 5*
Pains sna acucs nave oil gone. 1 nave rcc- vrajv^A - a \J£^ s ¦ ¦ •*. A »_ *. >» - .
ommended Swamp-Root to all my friends. ( %^2lfe>? / n!za '" ! J 1 *?} * nd T$ ~ CCM9ful
and told them what It has done for me. * " ~~-^rZZZZ~^ remedy for kidney. Uver and bladder tron-
I will gladly answer any one who desires MRS : \rt fnoft Hinnr olea.
! to write me reerardln* my case. I most ' eisqelhardt. If you ar# , lr , aay convinced that
! heartily Indorse Swanip-Root from every weak spots and drives them out of the Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
standpoint. There Is such a pleasant taste system.", purchase the regular 58-cent and H «!*•
J to Swamp-Root, and it goes right to the MRS. MART ENOELHARDT. bottles at Urn drugstore* •verywhere.
i EDITORIAL NOTICE.— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Lirer and Bladder Remedy. Is so remarkably successful that a
| special arrangement has been mode by which all readers of the "Call " who hare not already tried it may hare a sample bottle sent
| absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubhs and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters receired from men and women cured by Swamp-Root Be sure and mention reading this generous
I offer in the San Francisco Sunday "Call" when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. T.
DB. KXLMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
WoM Famous' Marian) Tonic
S^ FOR BODY AND BRAIN
i^ 1 * JSS3, Eadcrsed by Medical Profession.
lasting efficacious agreeable
At Druggists Er*rvrrlir r -\ J? fit «' Substitutes.
iBm fi'^Ksi Al I |L Jay rf^^^T^a
ADVi^itTISEnTKNTa.
DR-PIEBCE'SjQBODT-BARM
<A \ ih&i A,pao4srn a»-
Br '"—"¦r vt "SlX.AdjiSLf olUnoa! It
3et au; At- ''.•a-T^^ flth **cctrio-
pwerf ui cu»- Mwl^US to t «"'«'»
met d aleo- , OyVvdb^ warmth and
irtcttrnwrkt / i^m^SikS etrea«-thtoail
c«sv«t»4 to NgSi&gfz"»3! »bo U»a 1C
ear pfcrt of I^^/F 2^ =pee4nyc«rM
ttt if-tr fc j I tngf I Lv v.nthoutcrug>
¦ -» vtutr, I A* \ i' ajkdlsascood
tRBB faeafi to \J*J 1 iij tor wvman
i'*o\ m tt-r-tr;-- \\\ llj'l as for men.
isftrtUt I ,- |jj Prtc«s rta-
'itiliy:: \€ |U •oocble. Ko
to fc.: waek \ \}' "T r • a** or
part* at a \ \fkj "Half Prlca"
trTring »w«.\ tr*i \ Y$L* otlmn made
icln saS wTj "vzaf- to **n this
ptia* kM U Ttt BELT. If
fcr maffia. U^fK r°* want tfaa
C7Our n*w "Book- BBfiT, you
Ua. Xa. f »l*a» Cell la- tau»t kin
fcnuexloo. rrt» at of- ~Dr. Pl«ro»*s."
£.-• or Ktl'.rl to say sA&it— -for a I-o*nt
r.&=-- > Cell or *A&r*m PISRCK EL£C-
TKIC CO« n« Brca4wsj' (abor* 38ti it->.
K««- Tork- Psvcafic Coast orfioc CO Mar-
ket St. toppoatla Falaoa B«t«l). Ban Fraa-
eiscot,
Wbea wrttlnc, klatty ratatloo this paper.
A TWITR/l* I JfffTW K hi 1->LBy A. W. Xjooderback— Monday, Jan. 21. at U
m. m. and 7 p. ra.. Oriental Huge, at SW. corner
Geary and Stockton streets.
ATJCTIOH" SAXES.
"J. J. Crowe was the wrong bird," re
marked Squlldig. "Young Cudahy has
exonerated him and he has been set at
liberty."
"Queer bird, too," added McSwllllgen.
"I don't follow you."
"He is a couple of J's as well as » a
Crowe."— Chornlcla-TelecxaDh.
The Government of San Domingo is experiencing great difficulty in making American
corporations, resident in the southern republic, pay their taxes. Investigation* .will probably prove
that the derelict corporations are express companies, closely advised by the home offices.
The local thief who stole, a truckload of salt the other day must have had an overwhelming
notion of his own freshness until the police pounced upon him. -•
"Yes, suh," said the colored porter of
the sleeping car, briskly applying the
whisk broom to the illustrious man's gar
ments. "Nex" t'lng I reckon dey'll be
sayin' it's a crime for a honest statesman
to give a pore man $3 for 'is vote."
" 'M— here's a dollar, 'Lige," said the
Senator, eyelnp him rather suspiciously.
— Minneapolis Tribune.
"I suppose you know, 'Lige," remarked
Senator Lotsmun, "that the legislatures of
the States are beginning to make laws de
claring the practice . of giving tips a
crime?"
AMUSEMENTS.
TJvcll— "Cinderella." /
Certral Theater— "The Two Orphans."
Orphtum — Vaudeville.
Gr&ad Opera House — "The Rogue's Comedy."
Alcazar— "Nell Gwynne."
Alhambr*— "The Etar Boarder."
California— "Becky Sharp" to-morrow Bight.
Columbia.— "Way Down Hast."
Olympl*, corner 2£asoa and ddy streets —
fijx-ci&ltles.
Clrjtes. Zoo ar.d Theater— Vaudeville every
afttrnoon and evenlos.
FlBcher"*— VajadevUle.
Metropolitan Temple— Lector* by Rev. Peter
C Torke, Thursday evening, February 7.
Union CoaralEg Park— Coursing to-day.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York: E. Good-
Tc-ln and wife are at the New Amsterdam,
M. C. Harrison and wife and F. N. Har
rison are at the Imperial. H. Ach is at
the Hoffman, F. W. Ely is at the Herald
Square, A- Gartenlaub is at the Imperial,
E. H. Mattner and wife axe at the Grand.
Miss Oppenheimer and Miss Rosenberg
are at the Marlbcrough, W. Mark is at
the Savoy, D. McLeod is at the Navarre,
A- A. Scheinder Is at the Netherland— all
from San Francisco; G. G. McKay of Los
Angeles is at the NetheriaJid; R. C. Allen
of San Diego is at the Victoria.
CAUTOIlUXAirS IN 2TEW YORK.
It is therefore, with 'minds freed from any fears of political disturbance that the British
people will read the bulletins of the sick room,. and in their sorrow for the'failing Queen they will
have the sympathy of the rest of the civilized world: BBS !
VICTORIA, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and Empress of India, has been for so long
a time identified with British sovereignty that men of this generation will find it difficult to
think of any one else in that position. To the popular imagination she has been for many
years something like an abstraction, a, part of the government rather than a mortal woman. She
% has been for so long a time in virtual retirement so far as social functions are concerned that her
name is associated mainly with grand ceremonials, and few Jiave ever taken the trouble to fore
cast what changes would be likely to occur when in the course of nature she closes a reign the
longest in the, annals of British history and goes to rest with her predecessors in the tomb.
The bulletins that are now being issued from Osborne have changed her relations to her
kingdom and to the world. The public sees her now a feeble old woman near to death's door,
and the sympathy that goes out to her will be that which is instinctive to the human heart, and
which in its tender pulsations knows no difference between royalty and democracy.
Should the death of the Queen occur it would make little difference to international pol
itics, or even to her own nation, for the time has long gone by when British politics and for
eign policies were to any considerable extent dependent upon the personality of the sovereign.
The chief political effect of her death would be the dissolution of Parliament and the election of a
new one. It is not likely, however, that the result of the election would materially, alter the Gov
ernment, for Salisbury has so recently been given a new lease of; power it is not likely he would
be defeated in the new contest.
THE FAILING QUEEN.
C. W. Nelson, formerly clerk In the
freight traffic department of the Southern
Pacific, has been appointed contracting
freight agent for the Illinois Central In
this city.
Dr. W. A. Hendryx, a. prominent Los
Angeles physician, is spending a -few days
at the Palace with his wife.
The Revs. P. S. Dagnault and A. Paulln
of Iron Mountain, Mich., are late arrivals
at the California.
G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles, high
chief ranger of the Foresters, is registered
«it the Grand.
George S. Nixon, a prominent Nevada
l>anker. is stopping at the Palace for a
few days.
I>r. J. J. Miller of San Jose Is at the Oc
cidental.
Colonel A. IC Whitton of San Jose Is at
the California.
E. A. Morris, a mining man of Victoria,
Is at the Palace.
Frank H. Webster, a lineyardist of Mln
turn. is at the Grand.
A, P. Herbert, a mining man of Mexico,
Is rrsistcred at the Palace.
Clio Lloyd, a Santa Barbara newspaper
Iran, is registered at the Occidental.
TWO SENTENCES— Subscriber, City.
This department- does not know of any
thing to prevent you from speaking or
writing: "My brother will be gone two
years next June." if you feel like using
that kind of English, but it would be
more grammatical to cay or write: "My
brother will have been gone two years
next June." If you will examine any
grammar In the conjugation of "to be"
you will find that "bean" in tho sentence
is In the indicative mood, future anterior
tense.
EXCUSE— J. R.*, Upper Mattole, Cal.
One who wishes to observe the rule of
politeness, If he Is in "a room where there
are a number of persons with whom he
has been spending the evening and he de
sires to- retire before the general break
ing up of the assemblage, will aris*
and excuse himself. That Is, he will give
some excuse for taking his leave before
the rest.
PADEREWSKI-A. S.. Elk. Cal. The
majority of people pronounce the name of
Paderewski, the Russian musician, as if
written Pa-dare-whos-key, but the Cen
tury Encyclopedia of Names says It is
pronounced as If written Pa-de-ref-Bke,
with the sound of a as in fat and that of
e as In meat.
MAIL TO DAWSON— H. E. R.. San
Lorenzo, Cal. Only first-class matter is
carried through\the malls to Dawson dur
ing the winter, or when the river naviga
tion Is stopped. The mail is forwarded
regularly to the nearest distributing point.
Letters for Dawson may be d«#oslted in
the mail at any time.
SARAH BERNHARDT— A. B. C. Mon
terey, Cal. According to the latest ac
counts Sarah Bemhardt will be In San
Francisco about the middle of February.
She will probably remain two weeks.
WITHOUT. CENTS-F.- M.. Oakland.
Cal. A five-cent nickel of 1S33 or of any
other date without the word cents Is not
a premium coin/^.
LONG AND SHORT M. K.. City.
The longest day in the year is June HI,
and the shortest December 2L
FEED— J. R.. Upper Mattole. Cal. Forage
or stock food Is called feed because it is a
noun. Feed is also a verb.
SAXCHO PEDRO— F. M.. Oakland. Cal.
In the came of sancho pedro the nine
counts before the five.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PERSONAL MENTION
Housekeeper— I'd Just like to know why
you go trampin.T through the country?
Moldy Mike— Well. mum. I've heard that
these "ere palace cars is rather stuffy
mum.— New York Weekly. *
. Mra. Benham— Not one woman in a thou
sand marries the man she wants.
Benhara — She don't want to marry the
man she wants. She wants to marry the
man some other woman wants. — Brooklyn
Life.
Mr. Roosevelt will begrtn on mountain
lions and gradually work his way up to
United States Senators.— Washington Star.
"Mr. Wogirs. I understand your w!Te ha*
made a record of 900 pies baked this
year?"
"Made a record! Well, where do I
come in? I eat 'em."*
"Well, professor, how do you like my
way of playlnff music at sight?"
The Professor— Wonderfully; only the
music must be full of typographical blun
ders.— Heitere Welt.
The trolley car stops; an Irish lady and
ten children climb in.
Conductor— Are those your children.
madam, or Is It a picnic?
The Lady— They ar my children, and It's
no picnic— The Schoolmaster.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The country will be glad that Mr. Quay returns to the Senate by action of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, and not on the Governors appointment. He lost something in public interest
when he attempted to return to his seat over the ruins of Senatorial precedent and constitutional
provision. But, like Clark, he fairly won out in his State, and natural politics required his regu
lar return. In these elections the Republicans lose Carter in Montana and Shoup in Idaho. Turn
ing to Colorado, Wolcott goes down before the Populist Patterson, so that three seats go to the
opposition.' The balance will be restored and more by Republicans elected in South Dakota, Ne
braska, Kansas and Utah.
A very interesting side light to Clark's victory is the defeat of Senator Chandler of New
Hampshire. During last winter's investigation' of Clark's first election Chandler, for the Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections, pursued him with an energy which soon degenerated into per
sonal rancor. To such an extent was this carried that members of the. committee, though op
posed to seating Clark, were equally opposed to Chandler's conduct and methods. He has long
been at feud with his colleague, Dr. Gallinger, and it is very probable that New Hampshire is re
lieved that he is retired to exploit his growing irascibility of temper in private life '
Clark of Montana is a man whom the country Is likely to respect more upon further
acquaintance. He is really a man of qualities and accomplishments. Granted that he took Mon
tana politics as he found it and by no means made it more vestal, yet he has won at the polls bv his
own force, and the country will think better of him that he thanks Bryan for nothing except
a covert opposition. This was manifested through the president of the National Association of
Bryan Clubs, who in the midst of the campaign expelled Mr. Clark from the position of treasurer
of that organization and elected to the place his great rival, Marcus Daly. This was intended to
weaken Clark in Montana, but it had the opposite effect. /
The natural choice of Idaho would have been Governor Steunenberg. Indeed, it may be
said that, so far, no public man has appeared in the intermountain region who is«his peer in char
acter, courage and ability. But Bran considers no interest but his own, and has dictated the re
turn to the Senate of Dubois, who served there before without impression upon that body or the
THE election of the members of the next Senate so far is largely the happening of the
expected. Quay, Clark and Dubois were so securely slated before the November electfon
that their choice is simply a ratification. The selection of Dubois has features that make
it not creditable to Idaho. It was dictated by Colonel Bryan last summer. The Silver Republi
can element of that State made pilgrimage to- Bryan in Chicago, and made his indorsement of
Dubois the price of supporting him for President. Towne had just been crowded out of the Vice
Presidential race and something had to be done to conciliate the Silver Republicans; so Idaho
was traded as boys swap jackknives, and Mr. Bryan issued his rescript electing Dubois.
THE SENATORS-ELECT.
The time has gone by when the subject can be dismissed by criticism of the communities in
which- these things occur. Indeed, one is led to confess that burning at the stake is liable to ap
pear in anv part of the Union where the same provocation appears.
* ... ..-¦--.- *¦ ---,»¦¦* - * * * . ,
In the more cheerful view it must be admitted that a large part of the blacks have not only
not parted with the civilizing effect of slavery, but have grown and gone forward into the better
civilization of liberty. With such members of the race as Booker T. Washington and Thomas For
tune, as an example of its capacity, the country should not sit, down in despair of advancing the
whole negro body to a point at which it will have none in its ranks capable of the horror which
leads white men to the horror of retaliation.
It cannot be denied that a portion of the negro population is becoming less civilized than
when in slavery. A portion of our black people are retrograding. They are exhibiting the same
atavism that appeared in Hayti and San Domingo and among the maroons of Jamaica.
Colorado in fact and Kansas virtually abolished the death penalty a few years ago, and
the Governors. of the two States assign that as the cause of these awful lynchings, and say that if
the death penalty were restored they would not occur, and the people would be willing for the law
to take its course. We do not regard this conclusion as sound. Negroes have been burned in
Texas, Alabama and other States where the death penalty is in force, and there is no assurance that
it would be different' in Kansas and Colorado. The commission of the crime for which lynching
is the popularly accepted punishment is an outbreak of the brutal among the negroes. When a
radical remedy is sought it must be sought among them. Lynching, no matter under what re
lentless and horrible circumstances, is no remedy, as is* proved by the constant recurrence of the
crime notwithstanding the certainty and severity of its punishment. We see no reliable remedy
except the elevation and advancement of the whole body of negroes.
No more unpleasant subject has ever been forced upon public attention than these lynch
ings. The incidents are revolting and horrible, from the commission of the crime to its awful ex
piation. Nearly a dozen burnings at- the stake have now occurred, and it promises in such cases
to substitute all other forms of lynching for the offense it is intended to punish.
THE Colorado horror has been matched by the burning- to death of a negro in Kansas at
Leavenworth. The compunction shown by the cremators in Kansas was less than that of
their predecessors in Colorado. In the latter case the negro confessed his crime. The
Leavenworth negro was identified as having attempted an assault, but the scene of his offense was
in the vicinity where, a white woman was found atrociously murdered two months ago. He stoutly
denied to the last his guilt of the murder. But he was taken to the spot where the murdered girl
was found and then bound with wire to an iron stake, he was soaked in kerosene, the father 'of the
murdered girl applied the torch and in a few minutes he was dead.
THE KANSAS LYNCHING.
Between dramatic writers who in many
respects differ so widely as Dryden and
Dumas fils there is In one respect a cu
rlous likeness— that their robust critical
sense often leads. them to put into the
prefaces to their plays better material
than they put into the playe themselves.
I was forcibly reminded of this the other
day when looking over the new and de
finitive edition of Dumas' works, recently
published by Cs'.mann Lev?-. In the re
vised preface to "Le Demi-Monde" Dumas
!s writing about the attempt of M. Leon
Fancher to Improve the morals of the
Ftage by offering a prize of 5000 francs for
a play "of euch a nature that it shall sup
ply instruction to the laboring classes by
the propagation of healthy ideas and the
spectacle cf g-ood examples." "This," says
Dumas, "was perfectly absurd. To draw
up a programme of this kind one needs to
be as ignorant of art matters as was M.
Fancier. "What kind of an art work Is
that, 'represented with success at Paris'
or elsewhere, which shall be 'of such a
nature that it shall supply instruction to
the laboring classes by the propagation of
healthy Ideas and the spectacle of good
examples'? Is art, especially theatric art,
charged with purifying the morals of the
laborirg classes? Does not art address
Itself especially to the Intelligence, the
feeling, the Judgment of the educated and
the refined? Show me a masterpiece, rec
ognized as such, which could obtain M.
Far.cher's prize. Shall It be Tartufe,'
'Kamiet.' 'LeMariage de Figaro.' "Phedre,"
'Athalie,' 'Le Misanthrope,' 'Polyeucte'?
Are they of a nature to -supply Informa
tion to the laboring- classes by the propa
gation of healthy Ideas? Will these
classes understand these masterpieces?
I suggest to the Tlvoli management a
Gilbert and Sullivan revival, the operas
to be given in chronological order. That
¦would be a blessed relief after De Kovei
and Smith.
The more you hear Sullivan's music,
the better It wears. No other composer.
French or German, has ever turned out
more good work in light opera than has
he. The comparison between Sullivan
end Mozart, suggested bv Vernon Black
burn, Is certainly net far-fetched and the
eulogy pronounced upon his work by Sir
<j<"orge Grove will appeal, I am sure, to
many as absolutely true: "Form and
t-yznmetry lie seems to posses by Instinct:
rhythm and melody clothe everything he
Touches: the music shows not only sympa
thetic genius, but sense. Judgment, pro
portion and a complete absence of pedan
try and pretension, while the orchestra
tion is distinguished by a happy and orig
inal beauty hardly surpassed by the
greatest masters."
fJT the January Bookman Lewis
M. Isaacs has a sympathetic and
well written article on the late
Sir Arthur Sullivan, That tal
ented musician was bo well
known as the composer of the
most euccwFsful light opera* of
the century that we are apt to forget that
he excelled in other branches of music
a!so — r.ay. that an important reason for his
liavirR: fxcell^d In light opera, composition
wm that he "had broadened his natural
talents by exercising them in ciany
branch«»s of his art."
As long- agt> as 1S56 Sullivan, then only
34. carried off the Mendelssohn scholar
ship against sixteen competitors. This
Insured him the prlv!!epe of studying
¦xrith Moscheles, Iiietz and Hauptmann.
fiuch good progress did he make that at
Z 1 ) he was able to have his "Tempest"
music publicly performed. Of this Chori
lpy wrote: "There has been no such first
eppearance in our time." The "Tempest"
music was followed in rapid succession by
the symphony in E. the overtures to
"liarmion" nnd "Di Ballo," and the oro
torios "The Prodigal Ron" and "The Light
cf the World." These works brought
Balllvan reputation but little or no
money, so he turned to stag« music as a
means of livelihood. To this happy ne
cessity we owe the music to "Cox &. Box"
do Burnand's libretto), and to "Thespls."
his first effort with Gilbert. "Thespis" is
now forpotten except for one charming
eons. "The Little I.lald of Arcadie"; not
so with "Trial by Jury." which is often
given in England and might profitably be
given here. In 1S7S came "Pinafore," and
after that the long list of triumphs too
well known to need recapitulation.
The sale of seats for the Henscfeels' re
citals next month has been unusually
large. The sale of sirgrle seats will be
gin to-morrow morning.
On Friday evening cext the sixth and
last concert of the Mlnetti quartet seriaa
of chamber music concerts will be given
at Sherman & Clay's Hall. The pro
gramme will Include a new Russian piano
trio by Arensky, and by request the love
ly "Souvenir de Florence" of Tschalkow
sky, given at the first concert of the
series, will be repeated. It Is announce-!
that subscribers wishing to Invite friends
may obtain extra tickets at the box offica
on the evening of the concert.
To-morrow afternoon young Albert El
kus. the promising boy composer, will
play before the Sorosis Club members.
The programme will consist chiefly of
original compositions and will Inclu-Ja
both vocal and Instrumental numbers.
Young Elkus will also give a Tschaiknw
sky concerto, in which he will be accom
panied on a second piano by hi3 mother,
also a talented pianist.
An event of considerable interest to lov
ers of oratorio will be the presentation of
r>r. H. J. Stewart's "The Nativity." al3o
at Trinity Church, and to be sung next
Sunday afternoon. The oratorio la highly
spoken of and la now in press, soon to be
published by the Jonn Church Company
of Chicago.
• • •
At Trinity Church this afternoon tht
programme for the half-hour organ re
cital after the service will be: "Toccata
and Fugue." D minor. Bach; "Hymne."
Meyer-Helmund: "Album I^af." Schar
wenka; and "Scherzo Symphonique." Ke
naud.
An interesting programme will be given
at the Metropolitan Ttmple on Thursciay
evening next tnder the direction of Pro
fessor Herman Genss. The following ar
tists will take part: Miss Mar^arethe
Bruntsch, contralto; Harry Samuels, vio
linist; Herman Genss, pianist: Emlle Ba'
rangon. tenor, and Arthur We!ss, c?!li3t.
Gabrllowltsch. dated to appear later. !s
now not so certain of appearance at all.
but a prominent manager is makln?
strenuous efforts to bring out the yours,?
Russian genius and the Kneisel Quart at
from Boston to appear in concert together
—which is very good hearing.
Among comlnjc events In the concert
line the Leopold Godowsky piano recitals,
now definitely announced for February 12.
13 and 15. at Sherman & Clay Hall, will
not be least Interesting. Godowsky's rep
ertoire, modestly advertised as Includir.jr
the whole of tba worthv literature of hit
Instrument (!)• is, indeed, unique. Beside j
the aforesaid Inclusive repertoire Godow
sky, axnonsr other herculean efforts, ha*
taken the most difficult of the Chopin
strides— those in which apparently ths
limit of technical possibilities had air-pad? 1
been reached— and has doubled and trebled
their characteristic difficulties in a ncsi
tlvely fiendish fashion. These arrange
ments he plays himself with & superb ea»»
of mastery that drives the average tech
nician to despair, which becomes all but
hopeless when the said technician Is con
fronted with . the written record of th^»
awful steeplechasing those flying finspr*
have accomplished with such laughably
facility. One curious point In Godowsky 1
interpretations has attracted the attention
of an eminent Eastern critic. Jamci
Huneker. this, namely— that in polyphonic
playing, by reason of the artist's intimata
sympathy with the Inner melodies, th3
air, tune, so to speak, is sometimes lost
sight of. His appreciation of each mel
ody Is so acute that the player can with
difficulty persuade himself to sacrifice ths
tJeauties of one part to that which fcr
the time should dominate ar.d a lack of
fine balance Is the occasional result.
color, gives excellent promise for the fu
ture.
The Paris Figaro recently published a
list of the members of the Comedle Fran
caise, from which we learn that the so
cletaires now number twenty-six, seven
teen of whom are gentlemen and nine
ladles. The penslounaires number thirty
— twelve gentVemen and eighteen ladies.
This makes the total of the company
fifty-six— all thoroughly trained and com
petent actors, no one of whom is required
to play more than three or four times a
¦week and each one of whom has, there
fore, timo to breathe, to eat, to sleep, to
read and even to think! Can you^ imagine
such an existence, you my friends of the
profession in America, who have to play
nine times a week— sometimes twelve— In
addition to rehearsing three or four hours
every day? Is it credible by you that
such an actorial paradise can exist, not
only in the wild Imaginings of poets, not
only In the dreams of the happy dead,
but aJso on this poor old worn-out earth
of ours? Whether you can imagine or be
lieve it or not it does exist in Paris and
it could just as easily exist in the United
States. It exists In Paris because a large
majority of the French people are willing
to tax themselves that the drama may be
supported in a manner dignified and
worthy as a fine art; it does not exist in
the United States because of the many
rich men who last year gave away a total
of $00,000,000 not one cared enough about
the drama to give it 6 cents.
Madeline Lucette H-yley. authoress of
this and many other good plays, has res
urrected from history the romantic story
of Savage's alleged inhuman mother, who
persecuted her illegitimate son. Like Dr.
Johnson, the biographer of Savage, she
has accepted as true the remarkable story
the vagabond poet delighted to relate, of
that strange mother, a "wretch who had.
without scruple, proclaimed herself an
adultress, and who had first endeavored
to starve her son, then to transport him,
and afterward to hong him." as Dr. John
son says. Although history mid Boswell
discredit this story and pronounce Savage
a vagabond impostor, winning sympathy
and aid by this extravagant yarn, it
makes a 'very striking background for a
costume parlor melodrama of that period.
Mrs. Ryley has taken the most favorable
view of the poet, and presents him as a
character sympathetic, lovable, admira
ble — in fact, a perfect dashing hero ready
to avenge his wrongs with a flashing
sword, make love like a gallant cavalier
to the girl of his choice and die like a
martyr in the end.
The following- account of Henry Mil
ler's new play, "Richard Savage," is from
the Washington Post:
Will they come to see them when repre
sented? And can such masterpieces be
turned out for 5000 francs? Five thousand
francs! Why not some bread tickets or a
perpetual registration at the charity of
fice for the poet and his family? • • • If
you wish to establish money prizes for lit
erature, establish prizes worthy of the
artist and of yourselves, which shall not
be like the prizes you give to Jockeys.
Give two, three, five hundred thousand
francs, not to the most moral work, but
to the most beautiful— that which Is abso
lutely beautiful being never immoral;
know that one© for all. The first condi
tion of genius Is sincerity, and that which
is sincere Is always chaste. The emotion
caused by the painting of a true passion,
¦whatever be the order of that passion,
from the moment that It Is expressed in
beautiful language, translated into beau
tiful movement. Is worth more than all
the ready-made tirades you demand from
us at cost price, like scaled proposals for
municipal works; and this emotion will
make man moral In far different fashion,
forcing him to iook ¦within himself, bring
ing to the surface his mysterious, hidden
thoughts and stirring up the depths of
human nature. * • • "Tls your duty,
leaders of society, 'tis your duty, all who
make public profession and place your
pelves above others, to enlighten the la
boring classes, to give them good exam
ples and to Instruct thorn so that they
shall prefer our harmless works to that
dangers of the tavern, the slums and all
the bad places you authorize. Purify tho
morals of others and your own at the
same time; then we painters of morals
will paint pure morals. Aristophanes is
for Athens and not for Sparta."
ES Nordau Is comfortably dis
tant, though not yet decently
dead, one may venture to
give again a discreet, small
wave to the red rag of a "leit
motiv" without fear* of being
compelled to »make vicarious
argumentative atonement for the virtues
of Wagner In this direction. It Is only a
very small wave, however, but It oc
curred to me the other day that had Wag
ner chosen to give expression to Mile.
Dolores' "characteristic theme" he would
simply have anticipated a few merry
measures of the "Laughing Song" she
sings so well, for the singer of sorrowful
name herself seems laughter Incarnate.
I found her the other day. after a long
recital, entertaining with an admirable
good humor the usual behind-the-scenes
crowd of worshipers. For my part. I was
there for a chat with the singer about
herself and the recent musical happening
In the East, but a person with the autog
raph habit had precedence of me and my
small concerns.
"Where shall I write?" Inquired Tre
belll. smiling at the autograph hunter In
her infectious fashion.
"Here, If you will." said the delighted
autogTapher, unfolding an ambiguous af
fair In linen about the size of a large ta
blecloth, and scrawled all over with dis
tinguished names embroidered In silk.
"Here Is Nordlca and Schumann-Helnk
and Strauss — no. not there — here with
Maurice Grau," the autographer directed.
And the prima donna, with no more ado
than the smallest of small girls, knelt
down In her pretty finery before a travel-
Ing trunk, smoothed out the creased linen
and wrote— not "Dolores" but her own and
mother's name. "Antoinette TrebelU."
There Is the same charming simplicity
about everything she does. She sings be
cause she loves to sing, In the same frank,
simple, whole-hearted fashion. And she
looks that way. A sonsle. bonnle face,
with the clearest blue eyes Imaginable,
the merriest smile, and round cheeks ut
terly innocent of "make-up." she im
presses one with a delightful sense of
health and wholesomeness. After the
autograph incident she turned to me, and
I began hurriedly— having forgotten my
errand:
"Well, mademoiselle. I had a. thousand
things to ask—"
"Ask them," she laughed.
"Do you stay long 1 here this time, to
be«rin with?" .
"We go to Ix)s Angeles on Sunday, but
return here to give some recitals in Feb
ruary," said the singer. "Then we go to
Australia, my third visit, and then on a
delightful trip to India. Sumatra and all
sorts of place?. I do not come here for
three years more after that. I think, or
you will be tired of me. and I do not want
that, for San Francisco Is a charming 1
city."
"You come now from the East, made
moiselle?"
"Yes. and I have Just heard Jean de
Reszke again on his reappearance In New
York. Ah! there is an artist!"
"It Is not true, then, about his voice
failing?"
"Bah! no!" and for the first time a lit
tle frown appeared on Dolores' face. "He
is wonderful." and she clasped her hands
with a frank enthusiasm. "It was
'Lohengrin,' Nordlca was In the cast.
Schumann-Heink was In the east.
Edouard de Reszke was In the cast, but
when Jean came on the stager-nobody
was there but him. It Is not the voice,
so much, but art; all art. Wonderful!"
"You are generous, mademoiselle: but
let us hear what Jean de Reszke has to
say about you."
"Ah! he does not know, probably, that
there is any I," laughed Dolores.
"We had all the Grau people out here,"
I proudly Informed the singer.
"Yes, that was splendid." she said.
"Nordlca, you must like her— with her ex
cellent art, -though not so perfect voice?
Wagner Is cruel to the singers, but it is
beautiful music. Then Schumann-Helnk,
that splendid temperament, and Melba—
ah:— that is the perfect voice."
"Some found her cold here," I ventured,
"not that I am of them."
"Well, no one can be perfect. Not any
one is perfect. But so clear, so pure a
voice as Melba's, one must thank God for
It," the singer replied simply.
"We have wondered sometimes,
mademoiselle, that you, yourself, did not
go on the stage?"
"Ah.-no!" she replied. "The concert
room is better. It is true. I was edu
cated for the stage, but you know how
It is— one may be a saint on the stage, but?
nobody will believe it Generally, that is.
And I am freer this way. I sing the
songs I please, go where I choose and no
one says me nay."
"You sins so many charming old Eng
lish songs, mademoiselle, and speak Kngr
llsh so well; also French, also Italian:
which are you?"
"My mother was . French, my father
Italian, and I learned English in Eng
land," laughed the •artist. "My new
name. Dolores— you know, I charged my
name because people Imagined I was my
own mother!— was that of my grand
mother." '¦
And then, before leave-taking. Mile.
Trebelll told me that she takes with her
to Australia as accompanist and solo
pianist, a talented young Callfornlan,
Robert Clarence Newell. Mr. Newell is a
pupil of that eccentric Bostonlan. Alvah
Glover Salmon, who came out here in
search of health some years ago. He has
been occupied in playing and teaching the
piano in Oakland, also presiding over the
choir and organ of St. Paul's Church
there and conducting the Orpheus Glee
Club.
Mile, TrebelH Is in excellent voice this
time. Her already exceptionally large
repertoire has been enlarged and she is
singing with all that admirable freedom,
certainty, purity of method and sympathy
which has always distinguished her work.
From Tschalkowsky to Purcell, from
Handel to Chaminade, from Verdi to
Grieg, singer seems equally at home
and any of her recitals is an admirable
object lesson for the singer. Mr. Newell's
accompaniments are characterized by a
nice discretion and restraint and his solo
work, while evincing yet some lack of
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY, «JA5«rAKY ao, lwi.
SUNDAY ......................... ...:....... .-;-.. . .-. . . . ...;;....; . .7. . . .". ..... . . . : . . • • JANUARY 20. 100't
¦ .'ff-'; • ¦ ;' , : JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor. -
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE .Market and Third, San Fi»»ncteeo
BY BLANCHE PARTIN-TON.
A CHAT WITH CHARMING
ANTOINETTE TREBELLI,
SWEET-VOICED DEVOTEE TO MUSIC.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
A TRIBUTE TO
SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN
AND OTHER MATTERS THEATRIC.
18
An uptown elrl who Is very freckled
calls the freckles "polka dots," and feels
more reconcilsd. Polka dots are all the
rage. — Atchison Globe.
Hew Santa Pe Train.
The new Santa Fe train known as the Cali-
fornia Umited affords service very much eupe.
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. .
All the Princes of the Caucasus claim
direct descent from Klnc David accord-
ing to the Vienna Xeue Frele Presse antf-
some of them base their descent from
Noah or the landing of the ark on Ararat
which is near by. t .
LAST DAYS
ALTERATION SALE
~..... f\T
E, MESSAGER'S Cloak and Suit House,
145 F»OST STREET.
250 WAISTS, all this season's nuke;' flannel and cashmere; fancy
braided effects; $ 1. 25. Reduced from $3.00 and S4.00.
150 WAISTS, all this mason's styles; 58 silk, balance French flannel,
cashmere, etc.; $2,00, Reduced from 53 50, $4.50, $5 50
and 5650.
NEW BOX GOATS, ma^e cf all-wool kersey, in colors of castor,
black and blue; $8.50. Reduced from S12.501
ALL OUR SUITS, ALL THIS SEASON'S STYLES, REDUCED
ONE-HALF.
SA T.E BEGINS 9 0' CLOCK MONDAY MORNING.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
eomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California elace fruit*. j>c \
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
63a Market street. Palace Hotel building ¦•
Wllrus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 240&. •
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hot*:California Limited.
No extra charge is > made for riding on the
California .Limited of the Santa Fe, . although
thc : superiority of the service is really worth
simetbinK more. •
Heggerty Makes a Mistake.
Charles H. Myer. a druggist of New
York, on a visit to this city, appeared be
fore Judge Cabanips yesterday on a
charge of attempting to commit grand
larceny. Myer was at the fistic exhibi
tion at Woodward's Pavilion Friday night
and during the excitement occasioned by
a possible knockout in the Root-Byers
controversy, he, among others, rose from
their seats to leave. Robert D. Heg
gerty, saloon-keeper, 105 Sansome street,
was among the number, and he . claimed
that some one attempted to extract his
diamond pin. He pointed out Myer to
Policeman Scully and Myer was arrested.
Heggerty refused to prosecute the case
yesterday, as he confessed he was mis
taken, and the Judge dismissed the case.
The greatest interest in California oil
fields continues to be centered in Kern
River, while the other districts have
prominence according to their demon
strated productiveness. The Standard Oil
Company is, seemingly, as much con
cerned in that section as any one can be.
A local writer reports that at least 100
men are laying pipe for the great con
cern in the Kern River district, and that
the company "Is moving heaven and earth
to criss-cross the district with pipe lines."
Thc Standard Oil has already secured
many rights of way, and owners continue
to sign. To what extent the owner parts
with his own right to lay pipe on his
property appears to be debatable. At
least there is considerable talk at Bakers
field on that point. While the Kern dis
tricts have the center of the stage the
claim is advanced for the Summerland
district that it is one. of the most favor
able points for oil operators, principally
because of the small expense entailed in
handling the business. The truth is that
good things can be justly said of all the
producing districts.
The experiment has been successfully
tried in the Kern River district of using
drive pipe. A company failed twice in at
tempts to drill with casing.
Local interest in oil developments is
manifested by the second oil exchange to
be established and also by the rumor that
two new journals devoted to "the oil in
dustry will come into existence.
The Los Angeles oil men are in trouble
concerning a city license on the local oil
wells. Wht-n the tax was new Us pur
pose was to provide for the payment of an
oil Inspector. The collections during .the
term of Inspector Monlux amounted to
$14,270. while the expense of maintaining
the office was only about half that sum
leaving $T000 net to the city. There is
some talk of going to law to have the tax
removed.
The filings on oil land in Carriso Creek
district, In San Diego County, now amount
to nearly 100,000 acres. The claims are
somewhat scattered.
Stocks of oil in Kern County are in
creasing, notwithstanding that many cars
have been brought in from Eastern lines.
Thirty carloads per day go out from the
Kern River field.; At McKittrick several
companies are overloaded > with surplus
oil and tankage is lacking. The double
capacity tank cars that the Southern Pa
cific Company will soon have in use are
expected. to materially help in getting the
product of Kern County to market. These
double capacity cars will carry 13,000 gal
lons each. The- lenpth of the cars will be
.forty feet on the floor, the tanks being
two feet shorter.
The Black Hills country in Yavapai
County, Arizona, is about to be* exploited
for oil. Emile Rautman, who has been
largely interested in the Corslcana field,
!s one' of , those. concerned, in testing in
Arizona. .
The oil and stock exchange building to
SEARCH FOR OIL
DOES NOT FLAG
Many Localities Working in
Expectation of Very
Rich Strikes.
be erected at Bakersfield will be a four
story structure, Eurmounted by a roof
garden. The exchange will be on the
ground floor.
The transfer of 15,000 acres of land in
the southern part of Humboldt County to
Los Angeles parties would seem to in
dicate that considerable, activity may be
anticipated in that section during the
coming months.
Th© Whittler field is gradually being ex
tended. Something more than thirty
strings of tools are going day and night.
The Stockton Record says that there
are indications of a new field on the
Threlfall ranch, about half way between
the old Twenty-six-mile House on the
Sonora road and Knights Ferry on the
Stanislaus River.
The electric light company at Monterey
will use petroleum for fuel and will have
a 10,000 gallon reservoir for storage. .
According to the Redding Searchlight,
County Recorder Lowdon is kept busy
recording mining locations, of which many
are for petroleum. C. R. Briggs. J. H.
Hunter. C. C. Did well. W. C. Welch. J.
W. Fitzpatrick, T. B. Loftus. H. R. Be
mis, Louis Moore, Nellie Halcumb and
Eva A. Hall have between them filed upon
the whole of section 34, township 33 north,
range 2 west, and of section 2, township
32 north, range 2 west, the quarter sec
tions being divided into eight claims. D.
P. Anderline, F. F. Anderline. M. R. Ad
ams.- E. V. Owens, Fred Eckels, M. A.
Hearne and E. R. Merrill have located
the Ohio petroleum placer claim in sec
tion 4, township 31 north, range 3 west.
Manuel Ponte and wife. Miss M. E. Ppnte
and J. O. Ponte have located the Long
Ridge petroleum claim in section 22. town
ship 30 north, range 6 west, in the Igo dis
trict. The southwest quarter of section
30. township 32 north, range 2 west, has
been located by Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Stone
and Mrs. A. Hunt as the Live Oak petro
leum placer claim. ¦
Oil is reported to have been struck in the
San Ardo district. Monterey County, at
the depth of 700 feet.
The Bakersfield California n reports that
some of the companies operating in the
territory tributary to the section 32 gulch
are determined to have a railroad built
into that locality and pledges have already
been given amounting to three-fourths ot
the, cost of the needed track.
The Napa Register says that drilling Is
about to begin on the Harris ranch in
Berryeasa Valley. The Register is san
guine that an oil boom is about to strike
Nnpa County. _*
According to the Mendocino Beacon,
there is considerable excitement through
out the northern part of Mendocino Coun
ty over the discovery of natural gas on
the Redemeyer ranch, near Laytonville.
in Long Valley. Prospectors have viewed
the place and consider the chances good
for striking oil there.
pany met yesterday afternoon and for
mally ratified an agreement for the sale
and conveyance to the Santa Fe Company
of the railroad property and franchises
of the San Joaauln Company. Of the
24,652 shares, all but nineteen were repre
sented. Robert Watt was chosen chair
man of the meeting and Alexander Macki«
secretary.
LINCOLN LEAGUE MAKES
READY TO CELEBRATE
School Children Are Invited to Honor
. the Memory of the Great x
Emancipator.
The executive board of the Lincoln
League met yesterday afternoon in Judge
Cooney's office and'listened to pleasing re
ports concerning the proposed participa
tion of the school children of California
in the approaching Lincoln day observ
ances. Judge Cooney, "William Burgess,
Dr. Fred Baird and \V. F. Howe reported
that they had waited upon Mrs. Kincald,
president of the Board of Education, and
aleo on Superintendent Webster, and that
they had been assured that an effort
would be made to further the plans of
the league. A circular will be issued to
school principals during the present week
in reference to the matter. A letter was
read that had been received from Lieu
tenant Governor Neff. dated at Sacra
mento. In part the letter is as follows:
"I am Informed that the feeling here is
quite general in favor of your proposi
tion, and I believe that a -general move
by the superintendents of the schools all
over the State will make the celebration
of Lincoln day a success. I have con
versed with a number of members of the
Legislature and they all heartily indorse
the move that is being made in that direc
tion and promise to. aid all that they can
to further the enterprise."
President Stone reported that arrange
ments are making for details of veterans
from Lincoln, George H. Thomas, Meade
and Cass posts to visit schools on Lin
coln day. This example will be followed
very generally by the Grand Army posts
throughout the State. It was also re
ported that several artists have volun
teered to take part in the evening exer
cises at Metropolitan Hall, and there will
be choruses by the 'children of the Ever
ett and Burnett schools. Eight thousand
copies of a circular have been printed for
State Superintendent Kirk to be sent to
every school in the State.
The will of Inez Oppenheimer, who died
recently leaving: an estate exceeding $10.
000 in value, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent bequeaths So to each of
her half-sisters, Eunice, Georgia, Ada and
Florence Holton. Floretta Hamber and
Flora Hadden. The residue is devised and
bequeathed to decedent's daughter. Ruth
Z. Oppenheimer: her sisters, Mrs. Ella Z.
Sample, Anna Grifllng and Jessie O!m
stc-ad; her mother. Sarah Holton; her
brother^ Ernest Grifllng, and her friend,
J. P. O'Neill of Kansas City. Isham
Reavis of Falls City, Neb., is named as
executor.
Inez Oppenheimer's Will.
Henry C. Dibble has been sued by the
Indianapolis Furniture Company to fore
close a chattel mortgage for $225 on fur
niture at 1S12 Vallejo street.
Ex- Assemblyman Dibble Sued.
A Snap for Hotels or Lodging-Houses
The prices of furniture and carpets be
ing bo low now at the great challenge sal°
of the Pattosien Company that no one
should miss it. Corner Sixteenth . and
Mission. .:¦*¦•
Accused of Perjury.
Mrs. Armida Bartocchi, of Lombard and
Kearny streets, swore to a complaint in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday for the ar
rest of G. Temponl, a tailor and a neigh
bor, on the charge of perjury. It is al
leged that during the trial of a divorce
suit brought by Mrs. Bartocchi against
her husband in Judge Troutt's court Texn-
A well-attended meeting of the alumni
of the University of California was held
last evening at the Hopkins Institute of
Art, the main subjects discussed being the
revision of the constitution and the con
sideration of the proposed plan to erect
an alumni building in the grand scheme of
university buildings.
President Charles S. Greene announced
that President B. I. Wheeler was unable
to be present on account of illness, but
that he had sent a letter heartily favor
ing the proposed erection of an alumni
building.
The committee appointed at the la*:
meeting of the association presented Its
report on the revision of the constitu
tion, the various changes suggested by the
committee being to simplify the constitu
tion and to give greater power to the presi
dent and trustees. The report was
unanimously accepted and was ordered
printed for the use of members.
The question of raising $100,000 for the
purpose of erecting an alumni building
at Berkeley was then discussed and was
participated In by J. K. Moffltt '86. L. H.
Jacobs '96, Rev. \V. A. Brewer 'hh, George
Clark '86, II. E. C. Feusler 'S5, George
Merrill '8$. Frank Dunn 'So and L. Stoney
'87. It was finally decided that a com
mittee be appointed to inquire as to the
proposed erection of a building- and also
to formulate plans for the best means of
raising the requisite amount. The presi
dent appointed Frank Dunn and L.
Stoney, the two other members of the
committee being the president and Secre
tary Sutton.
The resignation of Harry Torrey as a
trustee was accepted and Anson Blake '91
was elected to the vacancy. Mrs. G. W.
Slack also resigned as a member of the
council and C. M. Bakewell was elected to
succeed her. - :
Committees were appointed to draft
resolutions thanking Mrs. Jane Korn
Sather for her recent munificent glft3 to
the State University and al3o to express
confidence in the future policy President
Wheeler might take as regards the tax
bills now before the Legislature in the
Interests of the State University. Reso
lutions were also drafted requesting the
Governor and Legislature to Increase the
appropriations to \ the university and
thanking the many distinguished citizens
who recently held a meeting to devise
plans to assist the university in its pres
ent financial difficulties. Resolutions
were also passed expressing confidence In
the trustees of the university and the
faculty.
Former Students of State
University Discuss the
Subject
PLAN TO ERECT
ALUMNI BUILDING
Stockholders Ratify Transfer.
The stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
The National Guard.
Drills in the Fifst Infantry Regiment
start in well this month, tne attendance
being much better than it has been for
Home time. The captains of the several
companits have been recruiting and quite
a number cf recruits have been accepted.
Colonel O'Neil has be'n devoting much
time to the several companies and he is
urging the officers to bring their compa
nies to a creditable standard.
Frank S. Drady, who was second lieu
tenant of Company L. Eighth California
Volunteers, has bten named as lieutenant
and commissary on the staff of the colonel
of the Klrst Infantry, and Rev. Joseph
McQuade, who was with the volunteers in
the Philippines, has been named for regi
mental chaplain.
Captain Henry T. Bennett, commanding
Company F. Fifth Infantry, Oakland, has
tendered his resignation, i
BATTLES HARD FOR
HER CHILD'S LIFE
Mother Is Compelled to
Beat a Ferocious Dog
Into Insensibility.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 19.
Mrs. J. J. Manning had a desperate bat
tle this morning to save her child from a
vicious dog which had attacked the little
one with all the ferocity of a wild beast.
The child, a little boy 4 years of ag-e,
was playing with hiB mother in the yard
of their home at 818 Brush street when the
attack occurred. The dog, which is kept
chained on account of its ugly temper,
was feeding at the time, and. annoyed by
the child's running near his kennel, made
a savage rush at the little fellow. The
heavy chain by which the brute, was
fastened snapped and he sprang at the
child's throat.
Mrs. Manning screamed at the dog and
eelzed a stick 10 frighten him away, but
he paid no attention to her. The little
boy, as the beast rushed upon him,
fought blindly with hie naked hands, but,
of course, could do nothing. He was
j knocked down and frlghtfuly mangled
! about the fa^e. neck and hands. The fren
zied mother kept beating the dog about
the head with her utmost strength, but
not until she had almost stunned the
brute was she abie to drive him from his
victim. Then she caught up the child
and hurried to the Rcct-iving Hospital.
Steward Borchert cleansed the wounds
to prevent blood poisoning. In dressing
them it was found necessary to take sev
eral stitchep, especially in the right cheek.
The dog is a large, powerful animal and
has attacked several persons previously
to Its almost fniectpsful attempt on the
life of its young master.
The child's parents have heretofore val
ued the animal because it so effectually
protected the premises from thieves.
The physicians do not expect serious re
mits fn r~* the child's wounds. - Tl*« -*»r
' vous s';oek from frlsnt is his wore Injury
Annual Banquet of Freight Men-
The frp'.jrht men of the several railroad
offices in th's city hold their annual ban
quet at S37 California Ftreet last eveniryr.
A!- ut f rty were present and an excellent
menu wa« ?*>rved. Officers were elected
i'-r the ensuing j-ear as follows: President,
John A. Gill; vice president. John G.
F-uhb?: secretary, W. B. Ifinchman;
surer. CorRelius Roxan; directors—
i. Z. Booze, J. H. O'Brien. X. W. Hall
S - O. Johnson and L,. E. Stanton. Presi
rifnt Gill rirf-sided and there were toa?ts
by Frank T:v>bcts. J. H. O'Brien. E. H
orrx-y. \y. F. Town* and oth-rs.
poni swore that the plaintiff was drunk
every day. which is the foundation for the>
charge of perjury.
Amendments Prepared XThicli Will
Change Conduct of Courts -Martial
and Alter Scheme of Mak
ing Appointments.
Major General John H. Dickinson, Ma
jor Desbroush cf las Third Brigade,
Lieutenant Commander T. AJ Nerney ai;d
Captain D. A. Smith of the Fifth Infant
ry, composing the sub-committee of the
OtSccTs' Associatica of Natiundl Guards
rneii of the fitate of California, at a raett
ir.g Friday afternoon, for the purpo&e
of revising the National Gukrd law and
preparing a bill to be presented to the
Le£i£i&ture. decided that the law should
be amended so as to bring the guard un
der the rules and regulations of tiit
United 6ta.t66 army and that any changts
tc&do In such rules ana regulations sna>l
::. future prevail in the guard. Th% idea
is to p^ace the guard on a. footing wlttt
tha regular aui:;\
In acditlon it wu deddtd to rcakt th«
:::iL-»:r.g chances in the- law as it how
¦Laxxds:
Pa-ra«TS.ph ZXt. Th* fallvwtec otfloer* may
appoint ccurts-ssartlai: Tht oommander in
chief Icr the trial ot all cfaoeri of \bt Hi
tiosal Guard aad Kaval MUltla. of retired of-
Ccars and ofScers of th« staJS of the coin
r.».-4er la chief.
The major general fer the trial ef all offi
cers ar. j enlisted men of the National Ouard
i.r.1 Naval Militia except retired efflcers and
cfflcers of the staff of the commander In chief.
BrijeOr j-ecersls for the trial of all offi
cers in their respective brigades except field
officers.
The coramaading officers of regiments anl of
the Naval Militia and unattached battalions,
for the trial of all enllatrd men in their re
«p«ctlve commands. For the trial cf all en
listed men or battalions, the cerr.rr.anaing ot
ticers thereof may &t ajiy time appoint a sum
mary court-martial to coniist of an officer
»-ho« rank la not b«low tfcat of captain. For
the trial cf enlist*-d rn«-n cf unattached com
ranies, troops or batteriea. the brigade com
m*jider may at any tim* arroint a Eummarr
coxirt-martial to cocsift ef a first lieutenant of
such company, troop or batt«?ry.
2^77 — Courts-martial arpo'.r.tel under the pro-
Visions of this paragraph or organized in like
rr.anntr, ar.d subject to ;he rules ar.3 regula
tions and article* o: war fc-'jvtrnir,ff courts-mar,
tial In th« United 5tate« army, have the
same power ar.d aulhori:y as such courts-mar
tial as far as the sarr.e rr.ay ba applicable
and not ineonslftent with the laws of this
£iate. The?' have the same power to compel
the attendance of witn»-Fse5 ' » hen suminoned
ly them, to preeer\e order in and about the
courtroom during sessions, and to punish for
coctfir.pt es the Ju2g«s of Superior Courts
have under the laws cf this State.
li-lT — His staff (the commander in chief) shall
coraiFi of adjutant £.~-n€ral with the rank of
bripadier eeneral, chief engineer, paymaster,
jucge advocate. issf>ectcr general of rifle prac
tice acd surgeon general with the rank of col
onel, sixteen aids ce camp with the rack cf
Jn-utenant colonel, and one aid de camp with
the rank of lieutenant commander, appointed
by and ho'Cint office at the pleasure of the
corr.Tr.ander in chief or urtil their successors
«r» api-ointed and qualified.
ISIS— The commander la chief, by and ¦with
the consent of the Senate, must appoint one
major jrenera!. and for each brigade of the
National Guard of California, one brigadier
l^ereral. who must be citizens of the United
State* and of the Etate, enl have served at
least four years a* officers, either In the Na
tional Guard of California cr in the United
States military service, or both, ar.d the brig
adier t^r.f-rale must be residents of the locali
ties for which they are appointed. They take
rank accordinj: to the date assigned them in
their commissions, which date shall be from
the time of their appointment, and hold their
ofS<-* until their successors are appointed and
Cua:!Sed.
IJ-M-The officers and enlisted rnen of a regi
ment and of the battalions and companies
ecmjXM?inff the same, shall be the same as are
now provided for by the laws and regulations
Eovernir;? the United States army, and the
pttff of a colonel commanding a regiment
eha!!. at all times, be the same aa that of a
<-o;onel commanding a regiment in the United
Ftate* army; provided that where there are
troop* cf cavalry, slgT.al corps, sanitary or
rr.edical ecrps, bat not sufficient to constitute
a regiment, each may b« organized by the
coramanii-r '.n chief into a battalion and be
command by a major and such other offi
cer* ?.- the commander in chief shall from
time to tirr.t designate; provided that when a
r»*£im>-nt :« c^rr. posed of less than twelve com
parles tht number of officers of such reyi
m«>rit thaH be proportionately less; provided
further, that the corcinarider in chief may, in
his discretion, at any time, reduce or in
crease the number of enlisted men and non
oonmdMdancd officers provided for.
No person shall be eligible for election aa a
f.f-ld off.-er until he shall have served at least
ttvo years in the National Guard of this State.
Atl regimental or battalion staff officers shall
be Bonbsatad by their respective commander*,
and *urh rorr.l nation be approved by the com
rr^ndrr in '•hief. They shall be commissioned
ac?or-!ir.ply and shell hold office at the pleas
tr» of [he officer making the nomination or
vrtil tteir successors are appointed or quali
fied.
lsjo— p.*r-ai»«.
Officers' Association Will
Ask Legislature to
Revise Laws.
WILL PUT GUARD
ON ARMY FOOTING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, .1901.
19
CHANGE OF CLIMATE
Mot Necessary in Order to Cure
Catarrh..
The popular Idea that the only care for
chronic catarrh Is a change of climate is a
tainly return,
mistake, because catarrh is found in all
climates in all : actions of the country,
ar.d even if a change of climate should
benef.t for a time, the catarrh will cer-
Catarrh may be r^adilj cured in any cli-
mate, but the only way to do it is to (!e-
Ftroy or remove from the system the ca-
tarrhal gerzsa which cause all the mla-
chitt.
The trtatment by inhalers, sprays, pow-
ders end washee has been proven almost
t«-i«-sf In making a permanent cure as
they do rot reach the seat of disease,
which is in the blood end can be reached
only by an Internal remedy, which acts
through th«» stomach upon tie blood and
eastern generally.
A new discovery which Is neetln* with
remarkable success in curing catarrh of
the head, throat and bronchial tube* and
also catarrh of the etomach is «old by
crag-gists under name ot Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets.
These tablet*, which are pleasant and
harmlesj to take, owe their efficiency to
the active medicinal principles of Blood
Root. Red Gum and a new specific called
Gualacol. which, together with valuable
antiseptics, are combined In convenient
palatable tablet form and as valuable for
children as for adults.
Mr. A. R. Fernbank of Columbus, Ohio
pa ye: I suffered so many winters frcm
Catarrh that I took it as a matter of
course and that nothing would cure it
• xcept a thanre of climate, which my
lusir.esB affairs would not permit me to
lake.
My noFtrllB were almost always cloejred
up. I had to breathe througrh the mouth
• eufcir.p an inflamed. Irritated throat. The
thought of eating breakfast often nause-
ate me. and the catarrh gradually gc-t-
ttr.c into my stomach took away my ap-
I ftlte an«S d!gre*tlon.
My <irus^isr advised me to try a 53-cent
t ox of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because
h* thml ':¦<¦ had eo many customers who
had b«r<rrs cured of Catarrh by the use of
th*-s* tab>ts that he felt he could honest-
ly recommend them. I took his advice
and used several boxes, with results that
surprised and delighted tr.e.
I always keep a box of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets in the house, and the whoie fam-
ily use th^m freeiy on the first appearance
of a cough or cold in the h^ad.
With our children we think there is
nothine; so cafe arid re liable as Stuart's
/Catarrh Tablets to ward off croup and
A colds; and with older people I have known
Jsi'i cases where the hearing had been se-
riouj.lv impaired Ly chronic catarrh cured
•ntireiy by this new remedy.
ADVEBTISE1IENT&
THE EMPORITJlfi.
THE EUFOBIUHL
THE EMTORIUM.
TEE EMPOKITJM,
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIT7M.
| The New Ribbons Good W11F FMTCMMfrlB JRi? st $3.G@ Shoes
*E Several large sKipments of fancy ribbons ju«t received, in- Clock ill WstT* m _j§ nim ¦ 4O» §<fg CflncliCS k^ies' fine Vid Kid Lace Shoes, ekher 1/ I
*f eluding many new weaves of liberty and merveilleux satin mL*L mM4%V4i4t>.W*f^^ BP4* nfrfi^ # j»L doth or kid tops, worked eyelets, made /jwV^ \
i ribbons 7OC CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE 35C it® <?'* c ncw , ™ m jot lasts, with WXtJ
ti f&G*. /<£&£k_ aooo yards of extreme nove'tisi — - ¦ ' '. • . ¦ kid Ops and flexible soles, neat, j£2^-~¥stf
£ ribt * ns in r ' ch c ° lcr5n f com - dressy 53.00 Shoes, in all sizes, /^^/4^
\ Wl W "^fc^ • AHvanoea Display and Sale S^
X f^^i 4^^o^^i stripes and Jactjuird weaves— %MM M %7%* M *&*Mn9j Js##^Cv0<9 CJfC#CfC#0 StMiU —
I ||P^^ ft^t^rSo^ • • .wash Fabrics. Furniture Spaaats
* nln .0-0 yards au.nk T^uRihi>;;-FuiV 4 fnfhfs A stream of newness L is pouring into San Francisco's grandest shopping place. p Qr Jfyg s Week,
it" / IViV u-ije—hu-h luster— -a complex uae of curings w This week v">u will enjiv the firs' «hnwinp of the iooi Wa^h Fabrics and a goodl- ,_ ... ,-¦•. .... . ,.
i 5; \f \\ neckwear-pr ce, per yatd 2G C displav of the advanced styles of thc Silks and Woolen Dress Goods that are To be worn during thc coming Spring and I eUm f "ducnons on various lines of superior quality,
JJ. y \ ffowMaWiy-WeHtnowlnooducJngmjny s The dainty up-to-date Wash Fabrics arc here in liberal quantities, large variety and come direct from the wc "^ c Furniture that was already low priced Sales
i| ' * g . vviU be heavy m this department dunng coming week.
jj our bow-making department has hadyc.n ,of Eastern Leno Weave Z.phyn, wih silk stripes, yard .. EnibrOtdcrQtJ Silk AU of the popu'ar colors for the coming S ea- to *e"bea Q tr Y**K
'* exD-rience and we art sa f e In saying that the most artistic nbbon bows on ...OUO ar**— _ —*— ion are shown: ver va f d .... • c j- • v _iiu~^T_i_
!J EmVroid^dSwiWNov^/lighVand^Lk «af?»O/S. SSol *LoO *nd ($1.25 Jl^nS {>^^S
j 5 — " colorings, yard OUO ¦Kntireljr new effect, dainty colored dots on light nicture (~r instanr ' «J f J^g^f 3 ' = * =g^^^A
I JTW**** f?fe»nJEr*»# ifnlBlftCZ Scotch Zephyrs, Roval Fabric etc yard ground, a, inches wide, .one of the softest and NsWSSt DrCSS GOOttS. Lctrf .i ta tl* 'p^ £l£ SF I ,^&U' f^
\$ A't-r-stock-taking value* from our Blanket Department— cottofFc" verf^lTh, yard. . . .<?OC " " '"- ' **"*° in light »ad »«h.m gray, Wjenit, Fiench prettydeagn ,*j » regular $a S .oo b&s 'vr- -
ij some large lot. of finely made, reliable bed covering at Foulard Unis, a p'-aiTweave in fancy and solid Wash Silks. ' "««»<» -ed. mixtures, splend.d ra.u^ $JS.8S \€ gg^g)
i tf prices which mean a dedded saving to those who come in colors cotton Foulards, yard. . ... 35p N«arly 150 pieces of new Wuh Silks, bright - g.^ 'aE-worf' Dotted' 'Henriettas' the new . " '_" \*3k -'¦"' J^'" $S
5 rime. C °^ 11 ' AmenCU1 m ' de ' Colorin «' Md « W «r i« both plaid, 3 ipling coloring., wkh ' black prlnid **, a ft _ 0 \ f 0 , 5\ ?Z &gffc
\l 98 pin good wh-te Blanks, a litde cotton b the warp, sire 7 »*8 4 ' ? M * , ,,V ' ' ' " ' ' V " f r fHFlF ** ¥ "? "iT * *. for the price, per yard. .. .75O f ffjp |^ \A JaX© -X
S inche,; 5^ in. wdght, ,4 $3.ooU^gw White Goods, New ™f«T^ a f? Q l! v 8^ i™* im P° r ed suk striped chaiik, « ? uWt. I >C I
I 60 p*. of fc.lifcmlam.de gray w^l Banket., , lha. weight, ' p e rC<lleS , U^W OrgaftdUS , Z£ tor^ S »Z™^£: £~ In th. new , ring Coring., gjf.^ f (fc (3) If [»/ 0&fa jA
g i»o"r*in ierr'eieianrwh-te Blinke^ ' be« * CWif^it' '^ool, S " lb.. fife, ftC. SSSSi^ -M 0 T >u IT j&& Wl
J weight, rak « „, i.^ /j^,,^;--- «hUri» I dww, po ysrf SOD weight and quality, warranted not to ahrink I jQ^S^^^BETVl WWS
\se 58 pair, of gr.v California wool Bt.nket., raiiy j a., weight, . nice now Spring UronacSinos. Satin Finish Fnuterds. w f^ y* rd BO ° V irTI" cSfi^i * U is= z^&U— I —zt\
\K liver grav, pair $5.8 3 The first -large shipment ot Black Grenadinea tJ ** 1 'nrwnMSKW roui&rUBm jo^nch Black Chewt, iB-wool, iptendM ihaie i— V ./A. . |T I * =m g>>
i J- Two cases 11-4 fine grai'e Califorah white Bianketi, 71 inches wife, for Spring arrived last wrek — plain iron Another spring novelty, 14 inchra wide, rich of black, a fabric that wil give the most /^.^N j W^ T*~" \i yj
I j^ a verv desirable si.i and make for family use, pair $6.35 frame and a large asortment of the new cameo printed effect., patterns that were de- satisfactory wear, yard 7 5O ' . = ~ — j^. J^. / =: I U-" l" ]i li^
j j^ 4 C asfs ftill si»e white GrOChOt SprOStdSf hemmed ready for stripe and check eflfects, in large demand for tigned ly the best French fabric artists and 51-inch Black Ve-.etian Cloth, perfect dye and = = ¦ " |= =f ! 1 O-**'
jlf us?, an ci:ra va'ue, each $1*00 evening wear, width 44 inches, prce, yard .. are confined to us exclusively, among them finiah, best values in the city, yard .fl^. ;-o 0 6 ft 6'fc-A;
:$ 2 cases ul s« Marseilles Spreads, well made and will $1,25, $1.50, SI. 75, $2,00 elaborate designs for street and theater d: esses; $I.OU and $U25 fl^ A Enamoiod Bod—
Jf « ear well, each &1.GO ¦ — « \ This Enameled B«4,
*•* _____^________— — — — — a strictly new design «-^^ j?9&x*^mei
\ New Laco Curtains. $12.50 and $15.00 Suits $10. 75. f^ a & 5KS
| 5000 Pairs at Dep't Store Prioes. Still overstocked in these two lines, hence the sale con- -g* 1| \?J[ Smmed 1 " wi'th "SS %%'i
fc* h^ are .ome of the b«t vai»e. in tinues for another week—the coats are either single cr double J^Ov «^c7o-.Ldfipri« *&*r*
!l Wfi§b\ i**t breasted, are stylishly designed, hand-tailored and made of /^fry^^>\ -"Srg ' jIl^EI^F^
n w-'l^^fS? uock of choice deigns for 1901-imita- all-wool cheviot, cassimeres, vicuna Oxf Td and Cam u rids;e /IK/ f>° ( ' &*o*7o j^L^ j^zzdj^' \^j^f
' ffi "Jt^^J^C^^ " on ruc|e - t » s * 1 Point. Real Arabian, mixtures. They are the correct styles for the pr.-sent season and come in all regular / ff / > / J f^" 5^ g t "S^^t^-j.
i iPH^^i "oo1^S»' g °b."tf^^ .!«=; Oolong and s-tasnd short , n ds«ou, : pcrftc, fitting S , 2 . 5 o £«Q J- Ai „ M- » o M^RMmJM
'SE /^8 r* Ijr^iir^J T - $1>QO I* 5-°° suits— Monday and during entire week. *fyM%jrMM*Jr/r? V ?? 14x30 Inch beveled-edge 1"^^ 1 |ha^
I* mvX^PW'TFLw «5«o pita Nottingham Lace Curtoint— Great Ov<*l*COat Sale— Unreserved choice of any Kersey or Covert T#^ 5 O d pU , te mi^ ot - . Th f Ujj£~4l L
•f ••/ ft\ l'"'"''/i \ i^iLS-f/ pay SI'SO «?•»* %**•*.* »*«•»«? / j it \ IL neatly carved set ta made -Vf -^^1
*' fi* 7/'MTO/\ W4i 5~ pain' Nct^V^m We' Cumins- Cloth Overcoat in our Clothing Department at OHS-gi/^^ \A \V jf / «f elected ah, goldea fe-
K Hl'!\Oj^& P^ S2.OO blue, black or brown all-wool Kerseys and all shades of Covert cloth. Some of these M \ ' , , „ .,/--/ "^ lah, and would be an excel-
* //// "HHlVxJI IImF^^) 5°° P* 1 " Nottingham Lace Curtains— coats are silk lined throughout and they all are the product of the best manufacturing \ \ \ \\ '\ \ 7] " >v Unt ynlw *t $*$.oQ t ttyl*
1 ffllll'W^J 5 Q wholes tailors in thc East. ' \ V \ U |\ W aT^_SL- j«« h pfct-j-vil
i» ; .)¦ : -?v b A'*«?/ 500 ptirt No:tin t -ham Lace Currair.s — m , „ — ..__ ., _— -5 pr.ee ail th:s wsk,
II Books at Gut Prices. Carpet Specials |_ Mt-' ffl D 3£«£2J'8Z
\i tern, ot e^edaJy good heavy Arabian <<Th(i Rolgn of Law **— James Lane Allen'a kteit and KT*%B+ 'W&BMGZl VMf<a*»Zr Ul Q" <T soUd oak table with fiv.
* Li-t Cunaini-per Vtr $6.50 W $12*50 best work, pub.ishei at $1.50, on jpecial sale Monday *»£),-> f WlT SMB3& WVdrQirffim © g» heavy flur.-d legs, highly
Sk~ r on i v Q%i3?g0 _ . _ - t. „ r ,, , j- t • V&>^ o finished 41-inch to? aai a
; tC ¦ " ' y Body BrU*>SBlS — F*"l S frame, aH leading makes, large yanety "^^ " .ulcndid Talne *t to ea—
I Monday's PHce-Gutting on Staple fS0Mm^M^^m^^Wf^ «^ W *< * ** ™* •• S7 65
\i tr+mmn^-^umSe*** **t*%*i § E*mwark—C£ "Ri<Jp«h's History of the Unted Sutes," a complete history up to Axmln&ter OaroetS-A full line of elegant colorings in * *
I *•* 1URm1lM%m*2B »C?«& «*#«*# mmfljmmjFB <£? 1000, including a fu'l account of the Spamsh-Amtncan War, com- ca : nty choic; pa^ems, with cr without borders to match, _ _
f% %£^$SBFin££' % fi Z^ttr!^^ Men's Furnishings.
3 SCM °^ f0I1 5C, Monday, 5 tins... ¥& L best work, of its kind ever pubUshed- oar prices: lm 5 of patterns, worth at .east ,..oo a yard aUth:s week «&C 29
iv /0hM n'y o;-- '2 « ° SS Cloth. $7.50 Half Morocco.. $W. OO Sheep. $12.50 l* n ** fn OarpOtS-A 1 wool, worth 8 5 C a yarJ, ~ n Mon's Working Shirts >n plaid cassimcre patterns; aJio
! h /M . -^ \ G™* String Beans— Regu- Iggl *- y.** '**** * * special thb week. O UG a lot of heary Cheviot Shit, in medium colors, all made with yokea
X Y^*- -^ '" y * tini l3r a 5 c i Monday, 5 MfiEA m «» If. grain OarnOtS— Heavy quality, in serviceable col- „__ an d extension' bands, cut long and full, a .hilt that will . _ _
K V */) tins for 50O / : f^\ S^ff^BVSP^fniBUSS *Wfi\Wf , m«Kl crs - wcrt1 S5C V"d, this week ,** U *S stand rough wear, special price *r3G
\i xv T l r Su .9 a S ? or SlT Kti *~ M M\ „ „ , 7 nr,K r$\ Scotch Axmmstcr Rugs— 9x10 feet in size Se&mless Cotton Sooka-Good heavy quality, tans
1 ?. *=$: larly ioc t:n, Monday, 4. tin S. . . ?= : 5^'- A Here fa a Mantis that will out!a<t any that you ever /• • \ »!»»«.« HAinillOlBrnilua ' Alu lral "* *"- c » or hjclc remi'ar » ier
ij. ' 29O i- owned. It i. the U-C-A Double Framed Mantle for a regular $40. OO va ue, marked" to ** rf£ gm -jg* our' special' price S OO
j If Singapcre Sliced Pineapple — 3 lb. tins, Monday, :^ :^ Weibach and other burners. They ar; made like 0-^fr close out thU week, each , t *P£m*Mm%J%0 ( ~^^^~^ Mon'i G/OVOS— An averted
¦\S 3 tins SOO "tt^is**" the be»t Welsl-ach Mantles, the advantage over the, „„,„„ Art SQUarOS—Bnnd new stock of all the late patterns and CS^>v* v^C "Z^^~^ ** of Men's Goatskin Wcrkn?
jft 5artf/fieS— Fine imported, Monday, 3 f/HS... 3&e<&»' ordinary .ngle wire being that they do not bend a* the " colorings— . V>Ox Gloves, with leather stride fasten-
\i - % r-C-Vr 'Bii° §&*" single ones do in time and sp.il the m a ntle.-ioo 7K»9 f«t, worth | 4 . 5 o, thb week. $3,00 i>C **^O<^ ings, and Grat3kin Glove, fleeced
j *: Claret-Om popular land, gal.on 3Uo 'cABTft cand:e-power mantle 3Bo ' " . ' , \. , %% Tr*Z% \ X^^ B««». ««h button f^teninp, aw
I £ Wilson Rye Whlskev— Bottled at the d:«- -Cg- -^ 800 of the Twentieth Century Mantle, also (nade iilce the • 9*9 worth 15.50, thii week 93*15 O \V— ¦^^^^f 2 ff b<»>»' *«** Kid Glovea in lars-
Jf ti!lenr, regularly fi.a 5 bottle, Monday Q7O U-C-A ani 100 cande-power, each 2BO &S& 9x10^ feet, worth J6.OO, this week S4.2O «««, en special sale Mo.dav and
! * Baron Ro:der Git imp *. tJttC — An excellent domestic product, on Corns IB and see them burning. \^*-&£<> ' iLZm 74 «1 during w-ek while
I K Moniay, pints 35Of quart. BOO Crockery Department— Main Root, rear of Rotunda. 9 XI * fcet » *<>«« $6- 5°. «h» weck $}»*&•* SO quantity lasti, 'per pair. . 23 C
B. KATSCHINSKI, f
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. j
10 Third St.. San Francisc*- \
J V \ t\f% H
Men's Shoes Worm $5 9
Reduced to 90 Cents. I
That sounds like a big reduction but tj
it is a fact and in accordance with »
our desire to close out a'l broken lines Pi
before stock taking. MEN'S FRENCH M
CALF BUTTON SHOES, with London. U
or broad toes, with or without tlp9. and H
Congress Gaiters with narrow, toes and M
' tips, all hand-sewed and made by M
Edwin Clapp and Stacy. Adams * Co. ; a
have been reduced from $5.00 and $104 H
to OOc. Sizes »H to 8. widths B to EE. t
Ladies' Sandals 80 Gents I
LADIES' KID OXE-STRAP 8AM- E
DALS. with bnT, coin toes, turned ' H
soles and low heel*, reduced to 80c. C
Sizes 3 to 8. widths B to C SJ
PATENT LEATHER PUMPS for boy» f
and men, with turned solos and plain I
toes: J?
Boys' size* 11 to 13 ROe U
Men's sizes 6 to S 6O0 rt
The lady who lost $5.00 in our store fj
on Saturday evening. January IX U \
requested to call at her earliest cob- t
?enlence. U
We do not guarantee to flll country H
orders. a
None of thes* bargains will k* sold ¦
retail shoe dealers. W
NOTICE— This store closes at « p. m. Ij
on week days and 11 p. m. on Satur- ;
day. and* will continue to clew* at tho*« Ij
hours. PROVIDED ALL. OTHEn SHOE D
| STORES WILL DO THE SAME. m
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
10 THIRD ST.", San Francisco, jjAnnuity Fund Running Low.
The Teachers' Annuity and Retirement
Fund Commission met yesterday and
drew checks for thirty-one annuitants,
amounting to $4339 20. There is now only
5700 Z2 remaining In the fund. The Income
is $320 a month, and of this 25 per cent
goes to the permanent fund, the balance
being transferred to the -annuity fund.
There are now thirty annuitants, one
having; died this month, and It will re
quire fl3S5 a month to pay their pensions.
I The commission will be obliged to pro
j rate the amount available after this
1 month.
for the Production.
The pupils in the elocution classes of St.
Ignatius College will give a splendid pro
duction of "Julius Caesar" in the college
hall on Van Ness avenue next Wednesday
evening. The students who are to take
part in the performance are letter perfect
and have been busy rehearsins for the
last four weeks. The respective char
acters in the play are sure to be well sus
tained. Special scenery has been painted
for the production and the six scenes will
sho-w a street in Rome, the orchard of
Brutus, the Roman Senate, a room In
Caesar's palace, the Roman Forum, the
tent of Brutus in the camp of Sardis and
the fWd of PhilirDl. Between, the acts
the college orchestra, consisting of a score
of young musicians under the direction of
the Rev. Father AJlen, S. J., will render
the latest popular selections. Following
Is the cast, together with th.6 eiass to
which each pupil belongs: <
Caeyar. G, Svetenich, rhetoric: Brutus, P
Churchill, philosophy: Antony. T. Murphy
poetry; Cassius. D. Murphy, rhetoric; Casca'
A. Smith, poetry: Trebonlus, J. Whelan, hu
manif.es; Dcclus, W. Rreen, rhetoric; Metelluo
C. Lorlgan. special; Clnna, . R. Kennedy, spe
cial; Octavius, K. Ryan, poetry: Popillus, E.
Bresnean. first academic; PublluB, J. Fay, first
academic: Pindarus. E. Drusco. humanities ;
Flavlus. W. Sullivan, humanities; Lucius, A.
Coghlan, second academic; first citizen, C.
Schoen, humanities; second citizen. T. Murphy,
humanities; third citizen. H. Ereen, second
academic: fourth citizen. V. 'White, humanl
| tlen: soothsayers, senators, citizens, soldiers,
guards, by students; muitle, college orchestra.
Students in Elocution Classes of St.
Ignatius College Preparing
COIiX.EGIANS TO PRESENT
PLAY "JULIUS CAESAR"
Acquit Two Chinese.
Mar Chin and Woo Sheak, Chinese,
charged with the murder of Ah Soo on
Jackson street, near Sullivan alley, on
February 28 last, were acquitted by a Jury
In Judge Dunno's court yesterday.
LIVERMORE, Jan. 19.— Great indigna
tion Is manifested among citizens of Liv
ermore because of the haste of Revenue
Officer William G. Hawkett in his seizure
of the late Wendell Jordan's brewery
while the family of the dead brewer was
prostrated and helpless from the terrible
j affliction. Friends of Jordan do not hesi
tate to declare that the official's act was,
under the circumstances, cold-blooded, to
say the least. Hawkett haa offered no
public explanation of his conduct.
It Is understood that the Federal offi
cials have released the brewery and that
arrangements have Deen made to contiue
the business which Jordan conducted for
twenty-six years undisturbed by officious
revenue Inspectors or any one else.
The townspeople testified their Bym
pathy and respect to-day by attending 1 tho
funeral of the dead brewer In large num
bers. From all portions of Livermore Val
ley came scores of Jordan's friends and
there was hardly standing room at Ma
sonic Hall, where the services were con
ducted. The funersJ was In charge of
Masonic Lodge No. 218, but many mem
bers of the Odd Fellows, Sons of Hermann
and American Lepion of Honor also paid
their fraternal tributes. The floral dis
play was or.e of the most beautiful ever
made In this valley.
Every place of business In the town was
eloped to-day. Services were conducted
by Rev. Arthur Hicks at the Jordan resi
dence. The Masonic ritual was observed
at the public exercises. The pall-bearers
were John Aylward, Professor Cornell.
I>r. Savage, Theodore Corner, Frederick
Mallcy and Benjamin Barker. The body
will be sent to San Francisco for crema
tion.
An inciuest was held to-day before Jus
tice J. H. Taylor, a verdict of accidental
death being rendered by the jury.
Livermore Citiztns Indig
nant Over Inspector
Hawkett's Haste.
CONDEMN REVENUE
OFFICER'S DEED
Committee.
Mayor Phclan has ?cr»it out an Invitation
for a citizens' committee of arrangements
for tho reception of President McKinley.
The members ar«» requested to meet at the
Mayor's office Tuesday, January 22, at 4
p. m.. to consider plans for the entertain
ment of the President en the occasion of
his promised visit to this city durinjr tho
month of May. Besides the Mayor thi
committee appointed will consist of the
JoHowlns named:
A?a R. "VV^lls. Joseph S. Tobin, H. V. Eran
flesstda end Ma^or Charles Boxton, repre
*«>r.tlr4r the city Bovcrr.ment; George A. New
l:a'i. Chamber of Commerce; A- Sbarboro.
Ilanafacturers' find Producers' Association; A.
A. Watkins. Board of Trade; F. \Y. Dohr
rnann. Merchants' Association; J. M. Gleaves,
Ohio Society: Her.ry Lunstedt, Native Sons
Oolden \\>st; E. V.\ McKinstry, Society Cali
fornia Piorif>Ts; Irvtrsg M. Scott. Union Iron
•Works ; P. II. McCarthy,. Building Trades
Council: General W*. R. Shafter, U. S. A.;
Gtneral R. H. Warfleld, brigade commander,
IC. '1. C. ; Colonel < v'orce Ptone, Grand Army
cf the Republic: Colonel "tV. R.. Smedberg,
Jyoyai I.*grion; \V. H. Jordan. Borss of Ameri
can Revolution; President C. M. Hays. South
*rn Paciflc C'jnipar.j ; A. H. Payson. Santa Fe.
Railwiy; Clau* Ppreckels. L»-«-ls Gerstle. S.
d. Mur^.hy. W. II. Cro<ker. Horace Davis, J>
F. Myrtle. rroFider.t Press Club; J. W. P^rne,
\'cr!'Jer!yn Ftr.w, Simon N'eivman and James
J,!. Seavall, representing social clubs.
WILL AESANGE FOR THE
PRESIDENT'S RECEPTION
Mayer Pkdan Appoints Those Who
Will Serve on the Citizens'
The American Cereal Company has been
anxious to get Into the cereal specialty
business for some time. Xot ions' ago
they made a direct offer of Jl.500,000 for
the Postum Cereal business, which was
the third offer made. — Grocery World of
Philadelphia.
Rev. E. H. Avery. pastor of the "West
minster Presbyterian Church, will preach
at the evening services on "John Bnnyan
and His Wonderful Allegory."
Rev. T. Brown, pastor of the A. M. E.
ZIon Church, S05 Stockton street, will
preach this morning on "Hold Fast to the
Faith," and in the evening on "The In
herited Right of the Saint's Rest."
Rev. J. Vernon Jones of Park Congrega
tional Church will preach this evening on
"Anchors."
"A Nineteenth Century Retrospect and
tho Twentieth Century Prospect" will be
the topic of the sermon to be preached
this morning by Rev. John Hemphill. pas
ter of the Calvary Presbyterian Church.
Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Gongregational Church, will preach
this morning on "No Haste With God.'
In the evenlnpr he will preach on "Christ
In You, the Hope of Glory."
sion at the services held this morning at
223 Sutter street by the First Church of
Christ, Scientist.
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California M. E.
Church will preach on "The Nazarite
Vow." and in the evening on "Christian
ity Judged by Its Knemies."
Rev. Frank K. Baker, pastor of the
First M. E. Church, will preach this morn
ing on "The Christian's Credentials." and
in the evening on "Victory Through
Christ."
"The Christian's Yoke" will be the sub
ject of a sermon to be preached this morn
ing by Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Ep
worth M. K. Church.
Rev. E. A. Woods, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, will preach at both serv
ices. In the morning he will discuss "Re
ligious Progress in the Nineteenth Cen
tury-" In the evening "The Power of the
Cross" will be his subject.
"Truth" will be the subject of dlscus-
i Rev. Milton D. Buck, pastor of Trinity
M. E. Church, will preach this morning
on "We Shall Live Forever." In the even-
Ing his subject will be "Praying, but Not
Answered." . -„ •
Rev, John Stephens, pastor of Slrrrpson
Memorial Church, will preach at both
sen-ices. In the morning his subject will
be "Called by Name," and In the evening
his topic will be "Another Mystery."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of How
ard M. E. Church, will preach this morn-
Ing on "A World-sought Personality," and
in the evening on "Sin of Sins."
Rev. J. N; Beard, pastor of Grace M. E.
Church, has prepared an excellent pro
gramme of Sunday evening sermons by
ministers of all denominations. This even
ing Rev. A. H. Briggs will open the series
by preaching on "God Our Father." In
the morning Rev. Dr. Beard will preach
on "Doctrine and Life."
The feast of the holy name of Jesus will
be celebrated with special solemnity in St.
Ignatius Church this morning. The Arch
bishop will assist at the 10:3o mass; Very
Rev. J. P. Frieden will be celebrant, Rev.
Father Bell deacon. Rev. Fred Ruppert
sub-deacon. The sermon will be delivered
by Rev. Charles A. Ramm of the cathe
dral. In the evening at 7;30 o'clock there
will be a solemn vespers sermon by Rev.
Father Ford of Santa Clara College and
solemn benediction. A two woeks" mission
will be preached in St. Ignatius by two
Jesuit missionaries from the East. It will
bcRln January 27.
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Churcn, will preach at
both services to-day. In the morning he
will speak on "The Business Man— His
Place in the Religious Life of the Twen
tieth-Century." in the evening he will
discuss "Titian and the City of Venice." \
Rev. F. S. Ford, pastor of the First
Christian Church, will preach this morn
ing on "What Can I Do to Save Souls?"
and in the evening on "Saved by Faith."
Rev. \V. E. Dugan, pastor of the Stewart
Memorial Churcn, will preach at 11 a. m.
on "A Kind of Death All Should Die." In
the evening he will preach on "The Golden
Climax and Crown of All Things."
"A Straight Talk to Men" will be given
this afternoon at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association by Fred B. Smith of Chi
cago, religious work secretary of the in
ternational committee. Mr. timlth is an
interesting speaker. In the evening the
forty-eighth anniversary of the San l?*ran
cisco Young Men's Christian Association
will be observed. President Holla V. Watt
will preside, and there will be an interest
ing programme of music by the Calvary
Church choir. Fred B. Smith will deliver
the annual address.
Henry N. Clement, the lawyer, will oc
cupy the pulpit of the Second Unitarian
Church this evening and deliver an ad
dress on "The Ideal Church." Mr. Clem
ent will present" the matter from a lay
man's point of view. In the morning Rev.
K» S. L»unsmuir, pastor of the churcn. will
preach on "The Human Brotherhood."
Archbishop Riordan to Assist in the
Services at St. Ignatius — Ser
mons to Be Preachtd
To-Day._
The Local Lawyer Will
Give His Views on the
Ideal Church.
CLEMENT TO TALK
FROM THE PULPIT
A policeman named Lynch, whose beat
lies on Mission street, was another of Mc-
Allister's victims. Suit was actually com
menced acalnst him, but a nonsuit re
sulted. An ex-Supervisor is said to havo
also listened too confidingly to McAllis
ter, and only the bill collecting agency
knows how many others.
Moritz sees a whole lot of reasons whv
he should not pay it. He says he wishes
he had his life insured, as then he would
drown or otherwise remove himself and
send his wife to Europe on the proceeds.
Mr. H. F. W. Moritz, city— Dear Sir: In the
matter of the note of H. L.. McAllister. $5 87
and Interest, we beg: leave to advise you that
unless you call at our office and make some
satisfactory arrangements concerning the pay
ment of this obligation, either in weekly or
monthly Installments, we shall positively sue
you. We understand you are amply able to
pay your obligations and we see no reason why
you should not pay this.
Yesterday came a letter to Moritz from
a local bill collector. This is how it read:
His interest, however, in Moritz's con
tinuance in the mortal coil must .-have
languished with his departure, for though
it was for many days a vexed question
with Herr and Frau Moritz as to whether
or no the night cook of the Branch should
carry a price on his' head. McAllister
never came back to see what thev were
going to do about it.
A guileless appearing: insurance agent of
Ingratiating address put in an appearance
at the Branch Cafe on Fifth street some
time aeo. His name was McAllister, H.
I* McAllister, representing the New York
Mutual Life Insurance, Company, he said
to the young lady behind the cash regis
ter, who announced the fact to a waiter,
who told It to another waiter, who told
it to the dishwasher, who in an ill-starred
moment confided the fact to H. F. W.
Moritz, the nig-ht cook. Moritz, feeling
his occupation a hazardous one, had for
some time been hesitating on the brink
of a plunte into life Insurance and
thought he saw his chance to make a
dicker In the matter of taking out a pol
icy. McAllister proved accommodating,
but Moritz hesitated and finally, being a
wise man, decided to talk »it over with
his wife before doing anything rash. To
this McAllister was perfectly agreeable,
but in case he might forget Moritz In the
whirl of business cares he would ask the
favor of his autograph.
Moritz saw nothing Irregular in this,
and so ¦wrote his name on a piece of paper
McAllister handed to him. Then McAllis
ter, all smiles and bows, departed, say
ing he would come back to hear whether
Moritz and his better half had arrived at
a decision.
Once more has the 'clever confidence op
erator found a harvest in this city. The
number of his victims is not known, but
they may be many. His method of shear-
Ing the sheep he had selected was like all
truly great plans, simple.
Cook and Policeman Among Those
Victimized^TJnder Impression
They Would Get Their
Lives Insured.
Clever Operator Gets Notes
Indorsed by a Simple
Scheme.
SHARPER LEAVES
ANGRY VICTIMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
20
of ready=to=wear
The sweeping reductions in the price of these stylish,
well-made garments filled our stores all last week. We want
to close them out entirely, and by adding new garments to
some of the lots we leel that we are reasonably surr of suit-
ing you during this week. Monday and Tuesday's business
will affect the assortment greatly, of course, but that must
De expected. If you call on those days, however, you ought
to have no trouble in selecting.
Ladies' Waists
French Twilled Taffeta Silk
Flannel Waists, 82.1O Waists, $4.75
One style tucked fronts am! Very superior quality— cluster
backs — another with French pleats tucked all over. Very swell styles
ar.d trimmed with buttons. Bishop in black and white and colors.
sleeve and cuff. All colors. Price was $7-50. Now ?4.«o
cxcentional waist at $3.00. Nowj_ • _....
on sa^e at $2.io|Fancy Silk
. Waists, $7.50
Tsffetn ur beautiful line of fancy silk
* * .1, . 'Jl' !: Waists, formerly $1500. $12.00 and
Silk Waist, 83.50 $1000. Now 97.50
Extra qualitv TafTcta silk waists. .. ¦ wr^'~4-~ ci m
trimmed with" cluster rucks and A!paC3 WaiStS, §1.10
hemstitched. New Bishop sleeve A few more Alpaca waists in
and cuff. All choice colorings black and nav\% braid trimmed,
and black and white. A splendid sizes 34, 36 and 38. Worth^$i.7i.
value at ?5.oo. Sale price. .?3..1O Now J?1.1O
Tai!or=Made Suits
A'.l of our handsome styles, in splendid quality broad-
cloth, pebble serge and Venetian Cloth tailored suits; some
p!ain, others handsomely trimmed, and all made for the late
fali and winter business, are now marked exceedingly low
in order to close before our first spring arrivals. You can
only appreciate these suits by seeing them.
$22.50 and $20.00 suits at ."..$14.75
$17.00 and $15.00 suits at O.73
At both our Market street and Post street stores. Free delivery in city
and bay towns.
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap exciirsion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F. \V. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
641 Market st. \
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« Sauaolito F«rry. «>
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM 8AN FRAMCISCO TO MILi. VAJULET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-<:55, »9:1S. 11:00 a. m.. 1:*.
t:15. 4:00. 6:15. -i:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mcndaya, Wednesdays and Sa.:-
unlays at 9:C0 and 11:33 p. m.
FUNDATS~*3:0O. •10:00, *\X.Vi a. nu. 1OK
2:15. *4M5. (:30. 9:00 p. m.
Tralrui marked (•) run to San Qnentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»:». M:J0. 7:431 »:» a. nt.
•12:80. 1:45. *3:30. 4:30. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wadaeadaya
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:» P- ™-
6UXUATS— «:20. *S:CO. •»:<». '11:4s ¦» »»,.
•1:40. *2:13 4:45. t:Zt p. »-
Trains rrar*?d <•) •*rt* T 2 m % . 8 Zl,?2!£!} Xa -
FROM MILL V ALLEY TO SAN FRAj\'CI3CO,
WEKK DATS-i:4S. «:4J. 7:4*.. »:» a. m,
1S-23 J-lft 1:SO. 4:54. »:!0 o- m.
EXTKA TRIPS on Mondays Wedaaadara
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10.W »-. «•
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12.06, la*. t-JO,
1:00. *:45 P. n^ OCCH^TRAIK3.
«:E5 a. m- week days—Caiadero aa4 w»y
'^'"p. m. Saturdays-Tomalt. and wa,
m. 8unday»-Tooale. and way
Amount tahaipais railway
Lt-aves San Francisco, via tiauaallto Ferry:
WK12K. DAYS »:li »- ra-J >S4S and 1:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS » :0O. 10;00, 11:30 and 1:J5 p. ra.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
NKW TAVERS OF TAJIALPAI9 SOW OWST.
617 Market Zt. General Aj-nt Pacific Gxzxt
ralaee Hotel SAX FRAXCZ-iCO
Chicago
in 3 Days
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North- Western Line
T~\OUBLE Dra-aing'T^oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, 1 making aud Library
J -*' Cars, with tarbtr. Di-ing Cars —
meals a h carte. Vailv Tourtst Car
Service and Persorullv Conducted Ex-
cursions eotrv vcteh from San Francisco
a- 6 p. m. Tht best of ererrthing.
K. n. RITCHIE
Santa Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local LJm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lt. Ban Fran. T:V> a t:00a S:00 p *:V> o
At. Stockton . 10:33 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 9
" Merced .. 12::.-. p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 1:3) p *:35 p 1:05 a
" Hanford . <:!2 p 1:J7 p 7:C« a
•' Vlsella .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:4S a
" Tulan* ... 4:J7 p 4:Z7 p 5.05 a .......
" Bksfleld . «:50p »:»p 7:» a ........
" Kan. City 8:41a 7:S0 a
" Chicago |M5p »-«>p
a for morninz. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train to Us« California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeptnr Can and Dints*
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car toes
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first clasa passengers. No •econd clasa
tickets nr- honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. rn. dally.
4:20 p. m. 1* Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing 1 train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
g:0O p. m. Is the Overland Exoreva. with
throuch Patac« and Tourist Sleepers and
free Kecllnln* Chair Car. also Pa!ac<i
Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Cor-
respondins train arrives at 5:55 p. re. dallr.
?:*0 a. m. is Bakerafleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaoain Valley. Cor-
re'iwndlr.K train arrlven at 8:40 a. m. datly
Offices— «1 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 111S Broadway, Oax-
lanA
It r-on haven't a rrutar. healthy toovecjent of the
bo^clu tT*ry tlty, joa're II! or will fcc Eerp your
borrcleopcn. cr.d'bc wcIL Forcr, In the ehapeof rio-
lc«t pbTSie or pill pcSt-on, is uaiiKtrous. Tho cmooth-
est.catlrrt, rnottt.K'rJoctvay of keeping the bowels
ek ir acd cle&n is to take
/f%^$ CATHARTIC *
EAT *EWl LIKE CANDY
nem*M»t. Pal«taMc. Potent. Ta»tc Oocd. Do Good.
Fever Slcfcri. W'eairca. or Gripe. 19, VZi. and 6J rents
p'r box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
tcilta. Address O
FIXIIU50 BCrCDT COSrAST. CnirAGO er SEW TOnt.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
EVERY WOMAN
is interested ar.d should know
j^c'S^Sk about the wouderful
/¦¦ v '.Vi The new VajlttJil Syrisce.
I ¦¦*•¦• t^L • ¦'• '-'fl Jnjectio* and Suction:
\"\^S- '•'•' §>-,•? Best— Safest— Most Con-
v>\v C^>^JV venient. It Cleanses
St '<^id?^ 5^^r r "7r' 1^ Instanlly.
At k year £nr£r!st lor It. y- lt^S» "- ¦ ' — **
Jf h» nrnil ?upii!r the NjB<i^*V '"''/•/ '¦'/', f5
KARVi:l. irrrptno \A.. '>-— fr>
o'Jit. *n!t srnd *U.iip fornit?- \* jf "'':, ','\s
trtt-otook— •r > »l»>a. Jtrirr$f>ill \\ I ''.jf
r"nri;i 3 5inif»»<i(:.,.Vi'wTnrl! o^^mr
DDTTCUCQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
D£iUOil£it3 era. bootblacks, bath-
bousea, billiard tablea.
brewers, bookbindors. candy-makers, canners.
dyer*. flounnUl*. foundries, laundrtrs, paper-
hangers, printer*, painters, shoe factories, sta-
bltmen, 'tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors, etc.
fitjC.iANA.N UROa..
Crush Menuracturers, G09 £:cnmjnto s;
Purely recetable, mild and reliable. Canss
perfect dice* tion, complete absorption and)
besJthfai rcxularity.
For the cure of al! disorders of the Stomach.
Uver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
Terularitles. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
Ulraticn, Piles and all dor&rigementB of th»
Internal Viscera. 2-'c a box. At DruKfflsts. or
ij mail. RADWAY & CO.. New York-
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
CALIFORNIA N0RTRWESTE2N EY. CO.
Lj3SS3ID
SAH FBAHGiSCO AND hliRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ferry. Foot of A\ar'<2t St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON KEKHY— FOOT OF JIAKKKT ST.
WEfcK DAYS— 7:30. S:CO. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35. 3:S0.
6:10. t::o p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:33
p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aaJ
11:30 d. m.
SXTNDATS— S:00. »:*>. U:00 a. m.: X:M. J:3ft. 5:04.
• :J0 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYj3-C:10. ?:»0. »:«). U:W a. in.; 12M&.
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tzlpa at 1:53
and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 1:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
(:2S p. rn.
I Between San Francisco and Schcetzea Park.
rame ncfcedul* as «bf>ve.
Leave I la Effect I Arrlre
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1300. | San Francisco.
"%%'eek 1 Sun- j i Sun- I Week
Days. | days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:20 am Petalurna. 8:05 pin 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa ?lo?a. 7:23 pm S:23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg;.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
S:a0cm 8:W am Clcverdale. 7:3Spm 8:g pm
7:30 am) j Hopland j j
I S:00 nmf and Uklah. I 7:23 pm| «:Z2 pm
7:30 ami 10:23 am
I *:00 am GuerneTille. 7:35 pm •-
3:20 pmj ¦ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am t:wim
and
E:10 pm C:0Opm Glen Ellen. 8:C5 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:03 ami il0:40 amil":-."> am
S:SO pml S:00 pm) Sebastopol. | 7:35 pml 8:C pm
Stages ccncect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«st '
Sprinits and White Sulphur Sprlnsra; at Fulton
tor Altmrla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlmrs; at
GeyserrlUe for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geyaers; at Hopland for Duscan
Fprinxa. Hlchland Pprlaps. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Sprlnes. Saratoga
Eprlrss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Eprine»> Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day"8. RJversM*. Liprlsy**, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville.Orr's Hot Sprlno,
Mendocloo City. Fort Braes. Westport. Usal,
WlUetts. Laytonvllle. Cutntnlncs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsena, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafnel at halt rates.
Ticket office. 610 Market St.. Chronicle bullj-
me. R. x. rtan,
H. C. ¦WIIITIXO. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manazer.
a b
I Compares III .1 Iw As
g , With the K M^JTA |
1 A Perfect Shoe for Women. I
a ' Je v \ ¦¦..¦ sa
B ¦ K
I Mr. Pipher Consults With a Call Reporter. |
g Mr. Pipher, manager of the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Marke: street, in consulta- §j
I tion with a Call reporter, claims that no shoe ever worn by women can compare with |
§ the Ultra for stvie, elegance, comfori a-id durabilitv. §
SI Every woman has heard of the "Ultra". Shoe for women, made in all the many new and shapely lasts and H
S of all the substantial and beautiful leathers. Made and sold for .$3.50. The fame of this shoe has preceded it to J8
g San Francisco, and as a special price shoe it has IonR distanced all competitors in the East. Of course the styles r£
25 embrace all the'new shapes— the mannish, sturdy walking shapes as well as the dainty dress shoe — but thev are all £1
¦g comfortable; they .'all' fit the foot. |j
B ~' # We carry themiin;all widths and sizes— because we are the sole ajrents in this city for the' "Ultra" and must |]
BS satisfy all people wishine to -buy them. £J
B You know that these "shoes are made in Heyl's patent and enamel calf as well as in black and tan chrome kid.- B
g The tops, when cloth 'is used, are of a heavy imported corkscrew cloth, while the soles are all welted, and they are B
H made in lowwalking shoes as well as in boots.
' H " • e w » sn you to call arid see this shoe before you buy your next pair. V ¦ m
q', ' ' , " " - ' ¦ ¦ '-.:'''¦.:-:'' : . : - v - . - . - 9 CI
I ' f H.,, LESSER, Proprietor. 1
I 717 MARKET STREET :::: San Fi-ancisco. I
B NEAR THIRD STREET. . |
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
KorTHKRi rAviriv coji^aht.
(rACtno svhtrk.i
Trniaa %**i* nnd ar» Uno «• arrlr* at
MAM ii:*stiv».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Sir-et)
UATX — FBOK JAITPAXT 1, 1301. — 1MITI
7:3Oa BerlcJiv Baianii. Elmirt. VaemrUla.
Kumsey »n<l Bacrauiento 7i43r
?>3Oa DmTla. Woodland. Knights Laading.
Marystille, Orotllie.. 7:l-1p
1 :30* AtlftBtio Express— Ofden and Rut lSil.lr
»:Oi»a Martinez, San Uam0n.VaIlei0.Sk9a.
t'alistcg»aii«l.S^ut» Kou SilSp
S:OOa JTilw. Livermor*. Tncy. Lathrop.
Stockton 7sl5r
¦:30a ShuU ? wret*- D*Tis, Williams (for
Bartlett Spring). WUlow^ BeU
Bluff, Portland. 7t45p
SiSOa San Jose. Lltermore, Htoekton.
lone Sacrameuto, Pi»c-tTlile.
M*rrs»iHe. Chioo, Hed Waff 4:l*r
dsSff* Oak<lale, Chinese. Sonora. Carters... 4:15?
»-oo* Ilaywania, Nilesnnd Way Statioua. ll>4.1«
•>;<ii» .» Los Angelea Express — Maninez.
Tracy, Lathrop. rttockton, Mstot-il
Vrexuo anU Loa Auzeles "JilV
»t1«A Vallf)<i Martlne* ane» Way Stotioc* SslSr
I »:O»» Tho OTetl%ud Llmlted-Osden. Den-
»er, O'aaha. Chicsn 6:4-»p
H:OOA Nilrs. Stockton, ttacramento. Men-
dot*. Fresno, lUnforil. Vballa,
Por-eMilla ; ... ........... 4»l»f
I 1 :»O» LlTermore. 3aDg«. Goahen Juno-
tloo. Bakenaeld, Los Angeiea
f | : nnp Saoramenio Itirer Ste«iii«r»... '? : °™*
3:'>Or Hajwaida. Nilrs and Way SUUoni. a«4»P
4:O»r Marline*. Han lUmon. Vailejo,
S»p«, Cali»».^«. Santa Itoaa ».I»»
4tOOr Benkia. Wlntera, Haoramenl^
Wourilaiid. KnUIils Laudinc
Maryiif illi". Oro»IIl« 12'f 2*
4.3OP ntyrrards. Nil™ and Han Jose...... tj'^*
»J:«op aur.»-t lioiitort. EX Paso. Hew
Orleans and East el»il3*
A:oopThn Owl Limited— Tracy, Fiwno.
JUVer'fleUI, Saugua for banta Bar-
bara, Ix)S Aaielea. .-- 1»»I»A
.liOop New Orleane Express— Itaker»«eld.
Siiiita H.«rh»r*. J.os Aug-!e». Dem*
Int. El Paso, Mow Otleau* aud
jr.it 7»«-"»*
«:««r najwanl*. NileiandBaa Joae ?*??¦
1O:O»r Vaflejrt llrt»4
tti»or Oriental Mafl— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Oraaha, ChJonifo t IStl.^p
•:OOp Orieutal Mail— Osden. Denver.
Omaha. Cbic*»o. 4J1SP
T;OOp Oregon and Uaiifnrnta Ki|>ra*a,Hae-
nuttMita, MariR<llle, l:«.<l.lln k '.
r..rH«n.!.-r>'g«S Mom. a a<«l Kant 8i4Sa
RtAApSan P.b'o. Port CoaU. Mutioes •
and Way Htatlooa Ili4»*
HiMf Tall«-}.> 7»43p
COAST DITISina (Nnrrrm Uiiaz«).
(FoototM^fketStrxit.)
m 1 1 a a lfaai«i>.l*»iilai tUta.tl— .lose. V rltmi,
IJoul i Irr Crrek.Sauta Crux and Way
BUUona •i»»F
fSiISp Newark. Ca»i ( »r»l!le, flan Joae, Nnw
Almaaeo. Folton. T.«o;<W Vn^k.
Santa Crux antl Principal Way
8taUoi>a t ••«'»"»
4tl.V Newark, 8an Jos». LoaGatoa 8>5«4
a'JsSQr HunteM* Ezmrjlos, San Jono and
Way 3t%tlona ««»aOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmStl rKilieiSCO — r««t *r Virkat Strttl (S!i» t)—
T7:15 0:00 11:004.11. 1:83 J.23 8:33 p.m.
rnmStlUIB— f«»l»fBf *»iw*j.— f<<:00 f-00 t9.0S
lQCOt.M. XZ.ZZ 2:C3 t.S3 S:13r.a.
C'UAVr DIVISION (!!ron.Mi*nsf).
(Thlr.l and Towiweml 3t<.>
t«: I Oa f^cean View, di»i»n t>*i» * t^uoliioj.. t«»«^W
?:OU« Hau Joi« ami Way Htetlmi* (New
Alin*.leii We«liie«layaoiily) li»»F
•<••* Hau Joao. Trea Pinoa. HauU C'nia,
Paoine Urox). I'aan Itoblna. Sau
l.nla <)i.i->i»>. Hurf. Lompoo awl
Princ!;>al Way Skatinna 4ttOr
I«:IOa Ban Joaa ami Way Htatiotia «::W»
11:30* Han Joss and Way SUtlons 3i3Op
t'JUSpHaii Matro, Kedwooi!. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .!<>••.
Trea Vinos. Hanta Cruz, Salinaa.
Monteray ami I'acinc GroT« tlVst'tA
fTtianp Kan Jose aud Way Station* 7>3Op
t4slSpSauJoaeanil Principal Way .Stations Hi43a
t.1:OOrSan Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?O:Oi»»
S:SOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* J»i3S »
«:::or San Josh ami Way Stations t* :OI »A
qll:t5pSan Joao and Way Stations 7iS0p
A for Muminc P f or A t ternooa.
t nniHlay airapwd. I aund»i ooj».
I Mon<lay», Wednesdays, Fridaya.
c Tuuday*. Thursdaji, Soadan. ¦*
a Satnrday only.
§ Jllils? "'^^ 7-ji MARKET STREET #
§ e?s§|3$yi|SpC SPECIALISTS... g
|,H EVERY FORM OF WEAK- §
§> rV*^'- 1 J^"^ NESS AND DISEASES OF S
% %S£fl%i 4^»* MEN 0NLY> io:
§ \7i^^0H^>\ *!W^^^M.S II you havp an allm'r.t recently contracted i%
M MlMfepliWi do not delay in seekimc the skilled a!d of doc- #
1 T¥^v5^*^i > 5w®5'^ tors who can make you sound and well In a $
« OTi^«Mil/TO^ short time. Dr. Meyer* & Co. can do thte for K
Q p2£%m\ R^^S^^^^ compotent doctors until it h.as h-come chronic «
f\S^^l^>^ and danserous. do not despair but consult
s DR. mtiYijKo o* vU. §
%> V
• *>' It has been by the curtair of Just such difficult troubles that they have built up a g
5^ ?reat business and become famous all over California.- ££
I MEN WHO ARE NOT REAL MEN. g
S Thousands of men. In all walks of life, vainly try to Hide a humiliating weakness g
« which shows upon them In spite of all they cms do. A secret, shameful affliction g
« that has deprlvp.d them of true manhood, or which is rapidly dra*g!n? them to that «
» awful condition. To such unfortunates Dr. Meyers /k Co. extend a helpinir hand: «
g orrer new life, new ambitions and youthful powers with all their attending pleasures. g
I THE CURSE OF NERVOUS DEBILITY. |
5 The apimllinx results of this depiorable affliction arw numerous.' Everr year It q
O sends thousands of men to the insane asylum or madhouse, and annually fills a «
« jarye number of suicides" irraves. Men of all ages and wallci of life feel its remorse- S>
8 less grip upon their verj' vitals and have sought vainly for relief until Dr. Meyers & <z$
g Co. perfected their successful treatment. " jt
I DANGEROUS SYMPTOMS ARE THE FOLLOWING: I
6 Absent Mindedness. Confusion or Ideas. Bashfulness. S
W piz2in»F», Pain In th« Back. Palpitatfon of tha heart. O
« Loss of Flesh. Nervousness. Black Heads. Pimples. «
« Drowsiness after Meals, Sleeplessness, ; Loss of Ambition. £j;
Q ? But there ar? other and more dangerous symptoms— oymptoms which every man $5
« unoerstands. Hew is It with you? If you need the skill of a preat doctor, if you O
O S'£ nt to strong In every way, eonsiult the famous specialists or t)r. Meyers & Co. o
g They can conquer your dread enemy, can stop those deadly drains and losses and W
cp make true men cf the weak. Incompetent and puny. X
I CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON. |
§> DR. METERS cures this ' humiliating and ofttlmes deadJy atnictlon rapidly and ner- O
O' jn-inently at any stage— primary, secondary or tertiary. Inherited or contracted. This O
A loathsome disease has b«en checked and driven from the surface, but never perma- O
« nently cured until PP.. MEYERS made his discovery. If the blood has but been tt
0 ? .u f ' d v by . thls d f adlv curSP u is lia ble to break out any time and end In softening g
« of the brain or a lingering, shameful death. Why die mlseraDle or spend hundreds nf ft
y, dollars for quack nostrums, or in visiting the hot springs op.iy to pet temporary re- v»
V Her. when DR. JIEYKRS can make you whole and clean by driving the poison for- *
Js> .ever from your rystem? Amont; th» symptoms are lar^e or small ulcers, in the mouth. w
O; on the lips or elsewhere. lo«s cf hair on the -head and other r>arts of the body dark O
A or copper rpcts rn the skin, aching of "the bones and Joints. O
ty DR. 1IEYEKS & CO. treat diseases and weaknesses of men and nothing else. Their '<$
g cures are made In a short time and are permanent. Prices and terms reasonable. Q
g TO SHOW THEIR GOOD FAITH |
g- THEY NEVER ASK FOR A DOLLAR UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED' g
1 HOME CURBS— FREE ADVICE. |
Q Our home cure system is marvelously successful. If you cannot visit Pan Fran- £t
0 clsco write us in confidence and we will send you. sealed, by mail, a booklet which O
£v contains a treatise on all disease and weaknesses of men. and a great deal of other tt
$5 valuable information. K
1 HO/} MARKET STREET, ELEVATOR Hours-s to 5. Daily, g
§ /Ol san francisco, ENTRANCE, su'nday^t, 0^ p
KATE WAY TEAVEL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A , j
[Sweeping i
Train \
I San Francisco to ',
I Chicago on the
I Santa Fe-she sweeps |
In 3 days. \\
It seems but one on the I
California §
Limited
ITO SAIL.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Tiroes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
FrancUee- Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flv« minutes later than a.t Fort Point; the
height of tide ls the same at both places.
BUNDAY, JANUARY 20.
Bun rls«» 7:23
Bun sets 5:19
Moon sets (new) :.....0:00 p. m.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling B0 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. Tho flgurea are
from" J. B. Llpplncott, hydrojrapher of the
United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Branch Ilydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 19. 1901.
The time ball was not dropped to-day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
» ;¦;..•¦--:¦
Flow of Rivers.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In tbe ! above exposition of the tides
th« early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and tbe successive tides of tbe
day in tbe order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the^ast tide
of tha day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on tbe United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign ( — ) precedes tbe height, and then
the number given is subtracted from tho depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is tba mean of the lower low waters.
Planting FloweTs for McKinley.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19.— Seeds are being
distributed. and flowers planted for the
floral fete to be held In honor of Presi
dent McKinley's visit to California next
May. Every section of the county has
signified its intention to participate in the
floral pageant and it ls expected that at
l*>ast fifty magnificent floats will be In the
parade. Besides these there will be great
floral arches. Thousands of dollars are
to be raised by subscription for the pur
pose. It is not known just what day the
President will be here, but probably on
May 15. - If he can be induced to stay over
night a ball and banquet will be given in
hie honor.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 19.— The resldtnco
of - Charles Bach, the San Francisco
merchant, was destroyed by fire early this
evening at Tamalpais. Nothing was saved
but a little furniture. The bulldlnjr was
portly fnsured. Tha loss will arrount to
rnkny thousand? of dollars. The fire
started In a defective flue and rapidly
spread over the entire structure, soon re
ducing it to ashes.
Contents Destroyed.
Residence of Charles Bach and Its
FIRE AT TAMALPAIS.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19.— The well from
which natural graa is issuing at Alum
Rock Park may be dynamited in the hope
of obtaining a greater flow of gas. The
Park Commissioners are considering the
question. There i3.no money available
for boring purposes, and many believe dy
namiting would accomplish the same end.
A number of sticks of dynamite will ba
sunk. in. the : well, attached to an electric
wire for exploding it, and the well filled
with water, to act as a resistance to the
upward force of the dynamite.
The gas evidently comes into the well
through a fissure in the ground, and an
explosion would undoubtedly open the
aperture and let in a bigger flow. An ex
plosion would raise the water in the well
high In the air. and the dynamiting of
the well will be made the. event of a gen
eral outing of the people.
ers Expect to Obtain a
Greater Flow.
How Alum Rock Park Commission-
WXLIi PROSPECT FOR
GAS WITH DYNAMITE
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 19.— A special
from Vernon, B. C, says: Lee English, 20
years old, shot Thomas Carson, his
brother-in-law, three times through the
body, killing him instantly and fatally
wounding William Carson, who was In
Thomas' company. The affair took place
on the street and was the outcome of the
charges of Ill-treatment of Mra. Carson,
English's sister, by her husband. Young
English bought a revolver several days
ago, saying- that he feared Carson would
kill him. It is said that Carson struck
English with a club before the shooting
began. The deceased had a club firmly
clasped in his hands -when picked up and
with this weapon he Is supposed to have
inflicted a wound which appears upon
English's head.
at Vefnbn.
and "Wounds Another Man
Lee English Kills Thomas Carson
TAKES THE LITE OF
HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW
BAN JOSE. Jan. 19.— There are an un
usually large Influx of robins this year,
and they are playing havoc with the olive
orchards. In the vicinity of El Quito olive
farm, In the southwestern foothills, there
are thousands of the birds, and -" men
armed with shotguns are employed to kill
them. E. E. Qoodrlch, the owner of the
place, estimates he has lost one-fourth of.
his crop, the financial loss being: "about
$6000. The Masson orchard of seven acres
adjoining, which a few weeks ago gave
promise of a large crop, has been entirely
stripped of its fruit. At the Goodrich
place a number of armed guards are
maintained to keep the birds on the flight,
and a general invitation has been extend
ed to the hunters of this city to join in
the sport. It 13 said nearly 3000 of tho
birds were killed there last Sunday.
The idea that has prevailed for years
that the robin was a benefit to the fruit
growers and the orchards is being rap
idly dlfpelled. The robia»ls a migratory
bird and appears in this valley at this
time of the year only, at which season
he does great harm to the olives. It ls
further declared that the birds are de-
Btroyin? the ladybirds ' and ladybugti
which were imported to war on fruit
peets.
The Grange and Farmers' Club recently
passed resolutions favoring the protection
of the robin, and this has aroused the .ire
of the olive-growers. An opposite view
was taken by the Fish and Game Protec
tive Association last night, and it appoint
ed a committee to wait upon the Farm
ers' Club and the grange and urge them
to rescind their action. Horticultural
Commissioner Ehrhorn also declares the
robin destructive and deprecates its pro
tection. Olive-growers declare that with
protection the robin in a few years would
become a serious pest.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Growers Are Employing Men Armed
With. Shotguns to K«ep the ''
Birds on the
Move.
Destroying Crops in. the
Foothills of Santa
Clara Valley.
ROBINS RAIDING
OLIVE ORCHARDS
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
PUJJLJX— Arrived Jan 17— Br ship 'Windsor
Parke. hence July 23. ¦ __«_.-
FALIIOUTH— Arrived Jan 1>— Ft bark La
Bruyere, hence Sept 20. • '_ . _
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan U— Schr Wm
Bowdcn. for Port Gamble.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Jan 1*— Br «tmr Port
Albert, from Manila,, for Seattle. :
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 17— Br ih!»
Eeeehbank, hence Aug- IS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan IS— Bktn J L Eviston.
from I?u:«ka_ _
CENTRAL. AMERICA- Sailed Jan 4 — Oer
stmr Nelco, for Hamburg.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 13— Schr O
W Wateon. hence Dec M.
MELBOURXB- Arrived Jan 19— ShlB Ha
waiian Isle*, from Chenulnui. with bulwarks
damaged and part of deckload cone. .
OUATMAB-ealled Jan l7-8tmr Curacao, tor
Ban Francisco.
OCEAN" STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 1>— Stmr Mar«u»tt«,
for London; atmr Spaardam. for Rotterdam;
stmr Umbria, for Liverpool; itmr California,
for MarF(*illes; Etmr Werra, for Naples, etc.;
etmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg.
UVERPOOI^- Arrived Jan 19— Btmr Corin
thian, from Portland. Maine. Sailed Jan 19 —
Ptmr Taurie, lor N>w York; stmr Etrurla. for
New York.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Pakllng.
from Manila, for S<"attle.
GEXiO A— Sailed Jan 1«— Stmr Aller. for New
York.
ANTWEHP-Salled Jan 19— 6tmr_ Bwltser
land. for Philadelphia; Btmr Weiternland, for
New York.
— Polled Jan 19— Stmr St Liouis, .
from Southampton, for New Tork.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous to January 15
—Stmr America Maru, from Pan Francisco,
via Honolulu, for Hongkong; stmr Olympla,
from Tacoraa. for Hongkong:.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 19— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Jan l»-6tmr Bel
eenland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL"— Sailed Jan 19— Gtmr Numldlan.
for Portland.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan 18. Balled— Stmr Sequoia, for San
Kraneleco.
COOS BAT— Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan U— Stmr Cres
cent City, for Ban Francisco.
PORT TO WNSEXD— Sailed Jan 1»— Schr Re
porter, for Honolulu.
ASTORIA— Arrived- Jan 13 — Br stmr Arsrl.
frr>m Honpkonr. Sailed— Br ship Comllebank,
for . • - \
NKAII BAT— Passed In Jan 19 — Etmr Ameri
can, her.ee Jan 1C. for Nanaimo; ehlp Stand
ard, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 1&— Stmr Jennte. for
San Francisco. Arrlved-Stmr City of Seattle,
from Alaska.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 1&-G«r bark Husla,
from Hakodate. galled— Br bark Blairboyle,
for .
EVERETT— Arrived Jan 18— Tug Tatoosh,
hfnee Jan 11.
COQUILL.E RIVER— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr
Arro. for San Francisco.
EC'REKA— Arrl\-ed Jan 13— Etmr Pomona,
hence Jan II; stmr Aberdeen, hence Jan 18.
SOUTH BEND-Salled Jan 1»-Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
SAILED.
Saturday, Jan. 13.
Stmr Geo loomls, Brlo>ett, Ventura.
Rmr Brunswick, Andresen. San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Ftmr Callforniaii. Morrison, Honolulu.
rtr etmr Ale "a, Nanaimo.
Hr stmr Victoria, Blakey. Chemalnus.
Hark Gatherer, •YoungKren. Taeoma.
Pchr Facramento. Gru^fel, Sluslaw RlT«r. '
Schr Sparrow, Dart, Kureka.
Echr "VN'ebfoct, llerc«r. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO9. Jan 1»— 10 p m— "Weather
hazy, wind- northeast, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 24 hours from
Fureka, bound to Ban Dlero; put in to land
pa t senders.
Bark Annie Johnson. Kelson. 16 days from
Hilo.
Schr Archie & Pontle, Johanneen. 40 hours
from Fort Ross.
Schr Volunteer. Brlssexn, 10 days from Coos
Bay.
CLEARED.
- Eaturdar, Jan, 19.
Pr etmr Alcoa, Hansford, Kar.almo; P M
S S Co.
Ptmr Californlan, Morrison. Honolulu; Wil
liams. Dimond & Co.
Br Etmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Oie-malnus; R
Dunrmulr Son's Co.
Br bark Melanoo*. Itoblnson, Sydney; J J
Moore & Co.
Saturday, Jan. 1?.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 26 hour* from Eureka.
Stror Mattewan, Croasctip, *S hours from
Taccma.
.Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 67 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Acaculro, Russell. 19 days 9 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 9 hours.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 40 tours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Scotia, 'Walvig-, 49 hour* from Crescent
City.
Snipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The BrltlEh bark Melanop* cleared yetterday
for Sydney with tbe following cargo, raJued at
J47.1K:
1500 cs cann«4 fruit, 11M Mis broom handles,
40 bales broom corn, £1,000 ehingles, 10,33$ doors,
21.S0O lbs heps, 7C2.223 ft 6203 peg lumber.
Merchandise for Sydney.
for Europe, 40t, prior to arrival; th« Joseph
Ruse, railroad ties for Saline* Cruz.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th« Qy«+n Victoria loads wheat at Taeoma
Th* Harbor Commissioners will have to
rrrnntie-l th« float at the foot of Folsom
street. When the bl? eteamers of the
American-Hawaiian Line get in on one
EWe of the slip and the big Government
transports on the other there is no room
for the men-of-war and revenue cutter
launches to come and go. Were the float
in position now one side of it would be
touching the California in her dock. In
order to obviate the difficulty the float will
hav- to be moved couth about ten feet.
The Mail Company's big tramp Algoa
pops to Nanaimo. B. C. where she will
lofid 10.000 tons of coal for the Southern
Pacific. The coal is to be delivered at
iv.j-t Ivos> AngeleB.
Kepairs on the ship Flintshire are al
most completed. 6he waa dismasted in
r gaJe off the coast while on her way to
Errand. Since her return she has been
overhauled and will start again this week
for Cork with her cargo of wheat
Water Front Notes.
n;d ri?hcrmea's vrharf will begin to dls
appear to-morrow. The structure must
be removed in order to make room for the
thrrr new modern wharves that are to be
built and the fishermen will migrate to
JC< rth Beach. At the Jatt<T place a se
cure haven has been made for them by
mfans of a breakwater an<1 wharves and
<ir>-lng ehed have been erected. There is
now a rush for homes on the westerly
f'^.» of Telegraph Hill and In a month
fmm now the easterly side will have
1:"usps to let.
Fishermen's Wharf Doomed.
Ad other Wreck Sighted.
Thp Merchants' Exchange received news
of the San Francisco owned eteel four
malted bark Hawaiian Isle* at Mel
bourne. She left Puget Sound for Aus
tralia mere than two months ago -frith a
carpo of lumber. Off Flatter}- she was
raueht In a heavy storm and the deck
load was Tt-aehed away, taking with it
nearly all the starboard bulwarks. The
vessel was not otherwise tianiaged and
will be repaired and load coal at New
castle for Honolulu.
Th» Hydrographlc Office makes the fol
lotiine report under date of January 19:
*"<"ar i tain Voss of the German steamer
Hathor reports to the Branch Hydro
graphic Office that on December 21, 1900,
at E30 p. m.. when in latitude north 32 de
grr<--<=s . r .« minutes, longitude west 113 de-
PT<-<-.= :: - 2 rr.lnute6. or twenty miles south
cast from San Nicholas Island, he passed
a larpe floating mass, probably a cap
'rlzed resseL The captain and the chief
rfficcr <-ould not discern It distinctly in
thp £arkr.«=s."
The Hathor left here for Hamburg, by
way cf Cape Horn, en December 20 last.
MORE DISASTERS BEPOBTED.
Ship Hawaiian Isles In Trouble and
The Etcam schooner Lakme was thirty
hours coming from Eureka. The San
Pedro was twenty-Sve hours, the Bruns
wick twenty-four and the Eureka twenty
t--ix hours from the same port. It was nip
and tuck between . the last three all the
¦way down the coast, but the Brunswick
•ncn out and had her passengers landed
pnd -was on her way down the coast again
xvhen the others tvere passing In.
The Bcotla was forty hours coming from
Crescent City and the Luella forty hours
coming from San Pedro. All of the fleet
but the San Pedro were detained In port
by the recent gale, but now the captains
expect to run on schedule time.
A FLEET of overdue steam schoon
er* rr.ade rort yesterday. Nearly
all of them had been bar-bound,
while one or two were kept out
side by stress of weather. All
the captains join In faying- that It ls Ideal
¦R-oather outside Just now. There is no
•wind to ppeak of and nothing but the
©rdJr.ary sweU of old ocean to contend
wtQL Crossing some cf the bars up the
coast there were some ticklish minutes,
but all the vessels passed out in safety.
-'. Robert Llnehan. a younp man who has
a penchant for robbing telephone boxes,
was conviQte<T by Judge Mogan yesterday
of 'vagrancy. He was sentenced to sixty
days In the County Jail. lie was caught
In the act of breaking open: a telephone
box at the ferry. He had been arrested
before for similar offenses.
' Bobs* Telephone Boxes.
Suits— men's suits— suitable for men. and
gentlemen, worth $20, each one of them.
To-morrow the assignee of .the Boston
Clothing Company will sell all-wool clay
worsted, satin lined men's gults, sold for
S20 in any clothing house in this city, for
$7 65. Only 250 suits will be on sale to-ipor
row at the assignee : clothing • sale of the
Boston, 775 Market street, near. Fourth. •
Who Will • Miss ThisP
The horeo transport Leelanaw waa re
leased by the Government yesterday. She
will probably go into the coal trade.
The transport Lawton came off the dry
dock yesterday and will be. fixed up and
made ready ;to sail for Manila on Feb
ruary l. ,. ' . i .
The tramp steamer Oopack has been re
chartered by the Government and will
load 700 horses for the Philippines.
Movements of Transports.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JEL.LY8 FERRY.
The leading mining paper of Montana,
the "Western Mining "World, published at
Butte, laments over the fact that outside
of the Clark and Ilelnze properties thero
Is hardly a ' dollar coming to Butte as
dividends from the Butte copper mines to
original holders of shares. This is claimed
to be "appalling" because not less than
$100,000,000 have been paid in dividends by
these mines during the last fifteen years.
The remedy proposed for the apathy
which has deprived Montana mining prop
erties of local support is a mining ex
change. There are but two or three stock
brokers In Butte. The accusation' ls made
by the Montana paper that "there ls not
sufficient Interest . taken in Butte among
those able to- carry out such a project to
organize a mining exchange. This is not
only the condition of affairs to-day, but
never in the history, of Butte. have they
been different. What a woeful condition
of affairs in the greatest mining camp on
earth, where the pay roll amounts to fully
$20,000,000 a 'year, ; - and its mines earn an
nually many "times that amount. On the
other hand, observe what Is' fast ¦building
up a rival to Butte. In Cripple Creek
over M cents of every dollar produced dur
ing last" year from Its mines belong to
the people of the Immediate vicinity. The
lethargy existing In Butte among its mon
eyed men and influential citizens is appall
ing in this regard." .
A .deal. for., the .sale of the Mammoth
mine and' half a dozen : minor properties
on the copper belt in Shasta County is
described by the local Journals as one of
the largest that has ever taken place In
the county. . No figures are given.' Mor
ton Llndley is engineering^ the' deal.;; A
smelter to be placed conveniently la talked
of by the Intending purchasers.
A case which has excited much Interest
In Shasta County has come to trial in the
Superior : Court. The title of the case is
CD. Galbralth vs. the Shasta Iron Com
pany. The ownership -of a valuable-de
posit Of iron ore In the Plttsburg mining
district, near the United States flsn hatch
ery at Baird. is involved; "Many years
ago this prospect was discovered by Alvln
Potter ; and ' Mr. Lavery, pioneer, prospec
tors of this county. • A ; ; few years after
ward the discoverers disposed of their In
terests to . a party of men who organized
the Shasta Iron Company and Immedi
ately made application ifor -a-' patent/to
the i land | covered by the ' claim. This . be
ing before the township In which the land
was - located ; had . been "surveyed by , the
Government. . the corner post of an • ad
joining township- was made'; the ,base" of
the survey - submitted to the Land v De
partment with the application for a pat
ent. The patent was granted. After sev
eral years, when' the Government survey
r-w-as made and the township established.
It was "discovered that the Shasta Iron
Company's patent covered ground ; other,
than* that on <¦ ..which their _ claim was Jo
eated." Th« Government > ordered the , sur
render of the patent, and also that a : sec
ond' application with now proofs be made
for. b. u.atent'.tQ/the JanC ;deslrejj.^ "\Yhen
The Norrie mine in the Gogeblc range
has the record of being the greatest iron
ore producing mine in .the world. In
twelve months it has turned out 1,000.000
tona of ore. Every day morn than 3000
tons are mined shipped. The Norrie
Includes .workings in what were once four 1
separate mines. Mining never ceases
there. It is operated in the Carnegie In
terest and yields one-fifth of the annual
supply of the Carnegie Steel Company.
The Cooper and Boom mines, in Am*dor
John Henry Bender writes to the Merced
Evening Sun .that a project ls entertained
to work the - gravel deposit on a large
scale .which Hob In the bed of the Merced
River. No particulars are given.
The Denver News ls certain the absorp
tion of the Guggenheim smelting plants
has been accomplished ¦ by the American
Smelting Trust. The. etory • la that the
Guggenheim* are given 35 per cent, and
the capitalization, of the company will b«
$100,000.
A lease has been effected of the Los
Osos copper mine, in San Luis Oblspo
County. The property ls about eight miles
west from San Lula Oblspo. The work of
development has begun.--
An Important discovery of gold, stiver
and copper ls reported to have been made
at Bennett Camp, forty miles north from
Globe, Ariz.
The Midnight Owl mine at Kenworth.
San Bernardino County.' Is to be operated
again. J. L.tHarman and E. B. Oakley,
Superintendent of Schools at San Jacinto,
are ' principally concerned in the enter
prise. A new company has been organized
In the East. •--¦--.¦- .
The Superior Court has confirmed the
sale of the Gentle Annie mine and other
mineral properties In El Dorado County
belonginR to the estate of John Melton to
Thomas Clark for $55,000.
The Little Giant mine, near the Prus
sian Hill mine, in Calaveras County, has
been bonded to B. C. O'Nem of Jackson.
The Yuma Sun c 'ves currency to rumors
that there has been a rich copper discov
ery at Desert "Wells or vicinity, Arizona.
The property hns been bonded.
The. first steam whistle ever, heard In
Weaverville. pays the Redding Free Press.
cojtips from the Galvln dredger, on "Weav
er Creek. This Is an enterprise that prom
ises much for Trinity County, and in the
success of it the people are much Inter
ested. Galvin has leased properties other
than those on. Weaver Creek. The Last
Chance Company is developing a gTave*
body near Ix>w<len's ranch.
The Great Channel Mining Company of
Chicago, -which bought the grravel mine of
the Selllers In Placer County, is preparing
to work the property. The Selllers were
in gravel when the water drove them out.
Reports from Manvel, San Bernardino
County, indicate tnat a great deal of worlc
ls going on in that section. Prospectors
are out In all directions examining the
country. The New York Mountains, four
miles away, are also the Bceno of pros
pecting-.
The Garlock mill at Garlock has, accord
ing to the Randsburg Miner, been leased
by the Exploration Company, which will
•work It with ores from Its mine.
the regular notice of the application was
made, C. D. and C. P. Galbralth appeared
before the local Land Office and objected
to the Issuance of a patent, alleging that
the applicants' lines overlapped a claim
of theirs.
MINES OF THE COAST ARE DEVELOPING
County, have resumed operations after
Inactivity lasting a year.
Operations have be^n resumed by th»
wm er £, G £ ld * Ilnln * Company at Gold
Hill, El Dorado County.
The first meet'ng of the reorganized
Santa Ysabel Gold JUninsr Company will
be held at Pueblo on the 31st ln«t. to rat
. y i. he Purchase of the Santa Tsabel mine,
in Tuolumne County.
There la some mining: activity at Dia
mond Mountain, four miles north of Bu
sanville. as reported by the Pacific Coast
Miner. R. L. Shinn formerly had some
mining experience at the mountain and
was ' favorably impressed with the char
acter of the country. He relocated a
former location and bonded It to J. E.
Humphreys of Truckle, who la developing
the mine, Shinn acting as superintendent.
Cattle-Growers Organize.
VISALIA. Jan. 19.— Cattle grower* of the.
San Joaquln Valley met in this city to
day to organize an association for Central
California. Charles Adams of Vlsalia
waB elected president. Sussman Mitchell
of Visa Ha and Curtis Vise of Reedley
vice presidents. V. D. Knupp of Porter
ville secretary, T. A. Elliott. E. O. Lar
kln and B«rt Murray committee on by
laws. They adjourned to meet In -Fresno
on Saturday. Febreuary 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, J^ffUARY 20, 1901.
Fleet of Craft From/ Eureka and Other Points
Up the Coast Report Fair Weather.
BAR-BOUND STEAM SCHOONERS
BEGINNING TO MAKE PORT
feTEAM SCHOONERS THAT WERE BAR-BOU>TD AT UP-COABT PORTS DURING THE RECENT SOUTHEASTER
ENTERING THE HARBOR. ALL OF THE CAPTAINS REPORT FINE WEATHER FROM GRAYS HARBOR
DOWN TO THE GOLDEN GATE.
21
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Hyades
Argo
Mackinaw
Coronado
Columbia
Bonlta
Queen
Arcata
South Portland.
Crescent City..
Pomona
North Fork
State of Cal
Fulton
Tellus
Corona
Jeanle
SU Paul
W. H. Kruger..
Santa Rosa.;...
Eureka
Point Arena
China
O. W. Elder....
Carlisle City....
Mexico..'.
t**". 1 ,'? •»; J *a- »
JoqullI* Rtver Jan. 20
Seattle Jan . m
..rays Harbor £ j an> 23
Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 20
Xewport . Jan. 20
San Diego j an . 30
Coo« Bay Jan. n .
Portland and Astoria... Jan. 21
Crescent City Jan. 21
Humbolnt Jan. 21
Humboldt Jan. 22
Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
Grays Harbor Jan. 23
Oyster Harbor Jan. 22
Newport Jan. 23
Seattle .' Jan. 23
Panama. Jan. 23
Grays Harbor Jan. 23
San- Diego Jan. 24
Humboldt Jan. 24
Point Arena Jan. 24
China and Japan Jan. 2S
Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. IS
China via. Ban Diego.. Jan. 28
Mexican Torts ......... Jan. 2f
.earner.
Destination.
{Sails.
Pier.
January 20.
BwURMi... Ban Diego 9 amlPier 11
Jnmmry 21. I 1
TJmatllla Victoria & Pgt BdU am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Plar 13
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle &. N "What. E pm Pier 2
Czarina. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier t
January 22.
Bonlta Newport .*. i am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay. 6 pm Pier 13
January 23.
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Queen... Ban Diego 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts » pm Pier 7
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Coronado Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana... Honolulu v. Pgt Sd 12 m Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay 12 -m Pier 13
January 24.
HonKlc*g Max China and Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 20
January 25.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport .* 9 am Pier 11
January 26.
State of Cal.. Victoria & Pgt Sd 11 am Pier 9
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier —
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
a Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
S H .W! L, W H W L. W
fO ... 0:04 5.0 4:39 2.5 10:41 6.0 6:31—0.9
U ... 0:40 5.1 5:27 2.S 11:30 6.0 6:14 — O.S
22... 1:14 "6.3 6:18 2.1 12:21 5.7 6:53—0.3
2S ... 1:49. 5.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 6.4 7:34 0.2
24 ... 2:25 5.5 8:09 1:6 2:14 6.0 8:19 0.7
25... 3:05 6.5 9:10 .1.3 3:20 4.6 9:09 1.3
28 ... ¦ 8:50 5.6 10:17 1.0 4:S9 4.2 9:59 • 1.9
Second Keet.
DATE. Mn'gCo. Total
1900. 1901. CanaL 1301.
January*.... MM 18.2S0 10. 18,290
January 7.... 2924 16.6SO 10 1S.S90
January 8 2719 6415 10 6425
January 9.... 25M 4320 10 4330
January 10... 2104 3315 10 3353
January 11... 1924 8100 10 SU0
January 12... 1704 3590 10 3600
DATE.
Second Feet.
1800. ( 1901.
January 6
January 7...
January 8
January 9
January 10
January 11
January 12...
3250 6183
V*4 11,900
3Hi>J E525
27r,o snoo
znn 2410
2070 1?*)
1610 .lSJO
Second Feet.
DATE. -.
1300. . 1901.
January t BS.200 21.S80
January 7. 65,250 19.460
January 8 39.200 15,600
January 9...; 80,400 14.200
January 10 26,000 12,200
January 11 12.600 12.S0O
January 12 29.420 13,700
DATE.
a Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
S H .W! L, W H W L. W
fO ... 0:04 5.0 4:39 2.5 10:41 6.0 6:31—0.9
U ... 0:40 5.1 5:27 2.S 11:30 6.0 6:14 — O.S
22... 1:14 "6.3 6:18 2.1 12:21 5.7 6:53—0.3
2S ... 1:49. 5.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 6.4 7:34 0.2
24 ... 2:25 5.5 8:09 1:6 2:14 6.0 8:19 0.7
25... 3:05 6.5 9:10 .1.3 3:20 4.6 9:09 1.3
28 ... ¦ 8:50 5.6 10:17 1.0 4:S9 4.2 9:59 • 1.9
Second Keet.
DATE. Mn'gCo. Total
1900. 1901. CanaL 1301.
January*.... MM 18.2S0 10. 18,290
January 7.... 2924 16.6SO 10 1S.S90
January 8 2719 6415 10 6425
January 9.... 25M 4320 10 4330
January 10... 2104 3315 10 3353
January 11... 1924 8100 10 SU0
January 12... 1704 3590 10 3600
DATE.
Second Feet.
1800. ( 1901.
January 6
January 7...
January 8
January 9
January 10
January 11
January 12...
3250 6183
V*4 11,900
3Hi>J E525
27r,o snoo
znn 2410
2070 1?*)
1610 .lSJO
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Hyades
Argo
Mackinaw
Coronado
Columbia
Bonlta
Queen
Arcata
South Portland.
Crescent City..
Pomona
North Fork
State of Cal
Fulton
Tellus
Corona
Jeanle
SU Paul
W. H. Kruger..
Santa Rosa.;...
Eureka
Point Arena
China
O. W. Elder....
Carlisle City....
Mexico..'.
t**". 1 ,'? •»; J *a- »
JoqullI* Rtver Jan. 20
Seattle Jan . m
..rays Harbor £ j an> 23
Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 20
Xewport . Jan. 20
San Diego j an . 30
Coo« Bay Jan. n .
Portland and Astoria... Jan. 21
Crescent City Jan. 21
Humbolnt Jan. 21
Humboldt Jan. 22
Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
Grays Harbor Jan. 23
Oyster Harbor Jan. 22
Newport Jan. 23
Seattle .' Jan. 23
Panama. Jan. 23
Grays Harbor Jan. 23
San- Diego Jan. 24
Humboldt Jan. 24
Point Arena Jan. 24
China and Japan Jan. 2S
Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. IS
China via. Ban Diego.. Jan. 28
Mexican Torts ......... Jan. 2f
Second Feet.
DATE. -.
1300. . 1901.
January t BS.200 21.S80
January 7. 65,250 19.460
January 8 39.200 15,600
January 9...; 80,400 14.200
January 10 26,000 12,200
January 11 12.600 12.S0O
January 12 29.420 13,700
DATE.
.earner.
Destination.
{Sails.
Pier.
January 20.
BwURMi... Ban Diego 9 amlPier 11
Jnmmry 21. I 1
TJmatllla Victoria & Pgt BdU am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Plar 13
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle &. N "What. E pm Pier 2
Czarina. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier t
January 22.
Bonlta Newport .*. i am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay. 6 pm Pier 13
January 23.
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Queen... Ban Diego 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts » pm Pier 7
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Coronado Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana... Honolulu v. Pgt Sd 12 m Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay 12 -m Pier 13
January 24.
HonKlc*g Max China and Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 20
January 25.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport .* 9 am Pier 11
January 26.
State of Cal.. Victoria & Pgt Sd 11 am Pier 9
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier —
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
••Both tho doctor and myself eiv* the
credit to the Grape-Nuts food- - To be
mr?, I took outdoor exercise, and this no
rfoubt helped me some, but with all the
< 'ixdoor air ar.d exercise in the world I
could not build up ray blood to a condition
where it would kill off the bacilli unless
I had rood food of the character of
Grape-Nuts to do It on. For family rea-
porss I wish to avoid having: my name ap-
pear In public print." Postum Cereal Co.,
Ltd., Battle Creek, MJcn., will, furnish
ibis name upon application. ...
*'I went into camp and used Grape-Nuts
cm I would meat, bread or potatoes. I was
careful not to overeat, but used the food
three times a. day. and at tbe end of 10
weeks went for a new examination; when
r.ot a trace of tuberculosis could be found.
My physician looked at me and eald, 'I
don't beMeve there is such a marvelous
case es this on record.'
It -would haj-dly ee«m possible to some
j~rople that a man could, on food, cure
himself of tuberculosis. "I was aent by
my doctor to camp in the mountains 'and.
to live largely on Grape-Xuts food. My
case Tras tuberculosis of ths
l.ladder by a famous New York specialist,
the best authority of all American special -
l>?t« In that Xin«.
CAMP AND FOOD.
* Getting Close to Nature.
OKAPE-NUTS.
visit OR- JORDAN'S orkat
HUSEUH OMNATOMY
Q% %10Sl«US]XT8X.tat.ett*7th.S.r0al.
t» The Largest AnttotniCMl Mujeum in Ifce
j^jJLk World. ¦ WeikneiJSi cr any contracted
*£ X® diif a« po*lll'»»ly lured by thr oldeU
fWJgl ijptcfcliMcstbc Co«tt Est.36yoarf.
&*M9l US.iIORDAil-PfllViS.TE DISEASES
9^S£lB Caaiultatlon fren and itrictly prirat«T*
I liWB Tr» iiuicnt p«r«or»lly or by letter. A
B flr W H /am. f w« Curt in every case uodertakea, -¦
I M ' I B, Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY «f
¦ | |« X*nai*B(, NAU.IO FJW. (A
O • U''' ' T * |B * b| "' book * or ¦"¦ ) . ' . * ,'
OBJOBDAVAl'*.. 1051 Market St.. a F.
BEFORE IT STOPS YOU.
StopTobaceo
Our old Trlnter enemy. Grip, ls at hand,
and In his wake will follow his twin
brother. . What is termed * an "ordinary
cold" ls usually the first warning:, and In
a few flays Pneumonia follows.
The main trouble ls centered In the
neglect of the first symptoms. The latter
are more ominous of evil In proportion to
the age of the patient. Past 50 years of
age Pneumonia is a very fatal malady;
The" man who gets thoroughly chilled
after exposure to Inclement weather must
needs concern, himself as to the ultimate
outcome, especially if high temperature,
cough and difficult respiration supervene.
The only-. safety." lies In. the prompt use of
"Seventy-Seven," Dr. Humphreys', famous
specific- for the cure of Grip and. the pre-
vention of Pneumonia. At all drugstores,
or by mall, 25c.
Z3 Pocket Manual mailed free.
Humphreys' j Homeopathlo Medicine Co. , Cor.
William and John Sts.', New York.
Danger of Pneumonia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, A new remedy has been discovered that ls
odorless and tasteless, can b« mixed with
coffe* or food,, and when taken into ths ¦>•*-
J0§%£§Z&&i&'J. cannot us*
*^^wi Vtf7/^ simply an
'fOTfSrl « ' \ffl/ - antidote for
' /* * A«.tv jL °* tobacco
>ttTA //i«ii \o*:fc>^ an<1 tak«i
T%U f~ 'Jy TE*y JV Oteotlne out
Ifx Blv \^Z/Y«t Jh(» gyt-
v k jf* t«m. it win
X /, I >T^2^=C: >^h*bit in any
V\ ft «aaaC^*ssVTl^* ft * o rn». »Ter»
| \ the conflnn-
* 1 <5a-T*^ * d «l»»rett»
V ' ™ fJ - flecd. and Is
V.y^- "- rf " a> Ooliaad
. J to mothers
STOP BEFORE YOU COME TO frowlni
LOOK LIKE THISt Sd**!
smoklns; of cljrarettesT A fre« trial Mckao
Of the rtmedr will be mailed prsp&id upon
cpplicatlon to Rogers Drug ft Chemical Co..
16W Fifth and Rae* Sta., Cincinnati. Ohio.
This will help any woman to . »olv» ta« Brob-
lem of curlns her hunband, «>n or brother ot
ji habit that tind ermines the health. l«a.TlnK
the body tnsoeptlbU to numeroua ltngettaf and
Jjlll^^iKf ADVANTAGES
« SOLACES .Knitted Underwear and Hosiery at „ a word fro* our B
I W nt prices no woman c=?n afford ta Ignore- lMuslin Underwear Dept.f
m WW d •— 1,\ TOADIES' SILK VESTS LADIES" GOTTN'S. nuu!a of best B
\£tmW*«k xSKr urn r ' «&.-^ m n <iA nf v,re hwt rmniitv «oft bleached muslin, double yoke »
3 /HftA HALF %*X* Amertc^Ins^k Tow neck back, front yoke of solid tucksf fln- %
JB vASl§S9HBr — -'¦ \L t nr> fllp«»v^q neck and arm lanea with ruffle Of good camortO
m <<Mili<r PRICFi A*K Size flashed wUh T embroidery; collar, front and sleeves
S «@PP fUlWU. ffflfev crocheted edre drawn trimmed with embroidery; extra %
I Here are ¦omTof the offerin ga -oth- fc|\ thSSSn"^with^»llk tape: ion*, full width. Attractively priced - M
H ers space prevents mention of to-day. ft-Mill.'/Fi colors, ririft. B iiy and * »>c . m
¦ but will be ready for your choosing \\W'*x4?J cream. Socially priced... AT^fiO LADTHS' m
a when you reach the store: ! WVi^r 4JJc »\ #7 ._V^l*. "TJ. .TT M
H 5000 yards ALL, PURE LINEN % \nM) •. \\ / 1 OOBSET COVER, m
H LACE AND INSERTION, hand- WlM ALSO LADIES' VESTS. > / %—j/ \ --.j. .* __,,, Z7Z »
B& made. In all the newest and finest ;'/'l.'i,7 made of best quality Per- L pT \ maae 01 gooa sort B
Pm patterns, suftable for trimming un- Jl'.i !// uvian yarn, high neck. J bleached muslin «
¦9 derwear, children's dreases and fancy \C; I lone slepves, neck flclshed Wff/*^ . . . ' £3
OS summer dresses. , w.-:,f with crocheted edpe and fSrfii Wja or low V- Cf
m Regular 65c lace or insertion... aOc w\ drawn through with silk //'T\i\\. *h*-n»A n.<.v .n H
M Regular BOc lace now 25c V'i t Q P«- Unsurpassed value- // \\ \ V\ anaped neclc, all m
a Regular 25c lace now 12Hc \*j -at 48c ' \\ \J»* neatly sewed and
I This is the store wliere you get a ,K> ab^ T8 i n 8 k a , me f^t " flnl8he<L 0lxl77Cents - m
B little better than the best. v French b a a?id.!.... e .. n .^sc LADIES, Here Is a chance not to be C
¦¦i tfiSB com'SSS^h: -OUR SUIT DEPARTMENT. OTsrlooked. A rare bargain .1
» £sm?K makers of the eel- 25 SUITS, made extra quality wool | n clu, O
•H (fief) i brated "Majesty" serge, lined throughout, jacket lined m »»nil Id* Ig
' B v r corset. That ls rec- vith extra fine Farmer satin, the LADIES* DRESS SKIRTS, made ri
JB 7l x ° tnmendation natty Eton or Jacket effect, velvet of best quality all-wool gray cheviot, Y»
gj§ J N. enough. It ls post- collar, skirt stitched, welted seams, trimmed with applique of black taf- fa
B Jjh^^zxzfK tively the best $1.59 . new back, bottom neatly bound, all feta silk, lined throughout and well hi
Mb C; j -»£-i*» corset procurable. strictly man tailored. A suit you cant bound; all well made and thoroughly Km
¦ ;; 7" r -'/x.''.'ii. •VjilSl f 1 * ls "i 3 -^ 6 ot best duplicate in town under H0.0O. Ro- finished. Astonishingly low.. .83.95 If
n I AS«aSia>i7?A French zateen, senberg's price 85. 5O - .* -ji
¦L' •¦' I / sfs&Jff/^K double side bteols. Sale Second Floor O'Farrell street REDUCTIONS IIS - -
B V «Vc lust proof front entrance. *¦ r»iir> lviiex rktrnAn-rB.ac-a.i-i- B
H \\&S$M \( steels, and boned ... . . . . n u- . OUR WAIST DlPARTMENT H
B i^v^i throughout with We are ovsrstocked in Battenberg prior to stock-taking. B
M \?& \ stfel Equai^oYS ' TfdieS. Note ttie BriCeS. Our entire line- of WOOL WAISTS. M
Isneoal HAND-MAdVbItSbER G I^HaVT^T &Se \
II HERB'is < sbVlETHING > FOR^LA- T1DY « mado of be J st W?-}^ " ne 4 n prices all have been cut in half: for H
1 DIES WHO CANNOT STAND THE braW. with center of pure linen Ux2i Instance our re^gular J4.00 FRENCH §
B S D U^R O SET| TI^I, H n E eft^I ° f™^l£ SJg '™£^$M f
B {Snc°hj5aS'no I t t he l aX a bon O ed. St* BeUing pW..... WE ' AR^OF^ERINO 8 B^S J§
r^WlSaiS^ Values That Tell— Prices, ladies; S ii^wii STS miia9 et ff
» hose supporters. The small stored That <Joll best quality soft finished silk taffeta. »
M p r i ce . ,«;x qq I lldL ocll* tucked and hemstitched, fancy front. B
M Bale "at* O'FarreU 'street "entrance. LADIES' SKIRTS, made, of bast new bishop sleeves, lined throughout. . ¦
¦ quality mercerized sateen accordeon adjustable collar; colors, rose, black. ff
0 The Sam3 KOOd ValU8 fOr little flounce, extra dust ruffle, full width, white and blue, regular JS.50 waist: M
fir m!ri«l» miili.4 1 il JI " good length: colors, green, cerise and attractively priced S3.75 M
9 money 1 metnod reigns In our new blue.* special..... osc . ., t « m
% Vnsiprv ppnartmpnt .. »• i a j A lucky purchase enables ns to offer m
I iWs? »oTS, % b ,,t Here iir-mi Mm priced anfler J0 J \ m Htra gMl) m k B
m quality fast black Peruvian cotton. CQSl 8(10 0TT6reQ II I ITiagnlllCent Vpl»ot Pihhnn «L.
Sm hlsh spliced heel, double sole, full »J u .,i! n »^n n * 4*r +«il<» iJo«?rtman» 161181 nlJQOn. \\
« length, extra elastic. The ver>- best aflYgnlSement lor tills department. These ribbons wi/f go on sale at prices §f
H again? 0 ' cSldken ; s"hoot! < pairs LADIES' that will arrest the attention of every B
« made of very best extra weight. 'KtelllS § ) i m , w "p.h economically inclined woman in Frisco. §3
B SacP 1 doubto" 0^. To^Tand^kners 1 ™**' S5fe 600 yards VELVET RIBBON, very 1
A lt aC^a d n U AmerfcIn tSl^SS ftU «"« clasp: the most best fat .black iatln back ribbon ea
B p U a r B fes b^ me^r a o%^ k Tose an a d t^ " W SSS^ « J RWaV & ' Wl^tif K............. ..lgJ4c 1
¦ rime^r^enh^rTrice^Only.Vs^ « l0 ™ no^ - ellIn » ««' »»« wi d*th 12" «»e' 8
m JUST ARRIVED— Another case of i^-^^-i.--* o««^«. «*.«««««? wlGin " .— MC B
m children's polka dot hose, important announcement WftPn Ppnu niTI > «
Bmade of .very best 3-thread lisle, ab- ;„ __,,_ |/5_,« na n an + A WOKD **«"*» UUK H
MS Holutfly stainless, in red polka dot in OUT KimOfia UepL. HanHLprrhipf Df>niirtmpnt £3
m or black and white dot. double heels. LADIES' KIMONASj made "anUKerLIliei UCpdrimeni M
¦f toes and knees. Our qulck-selllnf: o f goo< j quality flannelette, pin-dot LADIES* HANDKERCHTEFS, ff
M price -5o pattern, well made and finished; col- made of good Irish lawn, hand Inl- W
¦ r-Ar»-ro b.i/\t rii/rc ors, blue and red. Note the price.... tlaled. unlaundered: special at..6V»O t%
m FACTS, NUl rAKto, 59c H
B In Oup Wrapper Department. Ladies' Flannelette '' ' 3U P r5C *' G ? eCOiliJIiljf, fiJ
m. i^adies' flan- » n . ¦•-. pome hprp B
I.nelette wrap- Dressing Jacket. ™ ™j "Hfr H
m PERS; made of the gj Made of best quality Daisy Cloth, hnn maS of th« v#rr b#at French »
& best fleeced . Une-1 Jmn&im, sailor collar, fitted back, loose front: S fist blac^ on^7 It will Say VI
EV flannelette In flsureri '$%{&& collar, front and sleeve trimmed '"J to lav In a sudSv at th^ orFc*. M
« and striped effpet: mfcWMS with satin ribbon; colors, pink, blue J..°, a *° .ii," th^ MS
¦^ ppaulMtes on shoul- /z$J&$Kn and cream. Highly special GOc width »4V» Inches wide 15c #¥
B Sottom e ?igh°t u nttin° e - ¦ \ m * startling Values abound In enr wldth 1W " 5 Inche9 wld9 1Oc 1
a some are trimmed f\lf[ x «J|J\ OOlUB OiaiUing VaiUBS dOOUUD 10 CUl AWVritI , o . rt -. II
H with braid. Our chal- <£Z/J h fff/flV fftrcot npnartmont ANOTHER LOT. H
M lensre offer: These $1 ~7 ,| [Iff |\ tDISBl UUpdllliieill- j^o yards AU-slllc Taffeta Ribbon. »f
A and $1.60 wrappers for )1J I I CHILITS FERRIS WAIST, made In 5 different shades of grreen, 3 §9
m Monday and Tuesday fl/ /I 11**$ of best twill doth, good, strong bone of gray, brown, tan, violet and cadet. ttf
K ' Felling* 7r>c 1 j 1 ,^^J* buttons fastened with patent tape mode and castor. On© of the great- V
Bf Sale at O'Farrell- V«« If / Xr fasteners. A sample of low Belllns;.. est bargain. Far less than cost JO
EH street entrance. * - ¦ v 25c 12VaC S3
1 IOF PO^FIVRFPO V
B FREE Jv/Ltf 1\V/*J-U1 1 iJL4i\vi 9 Ask to See M
f Sample Card B9KPT dTF?F?F?T ° Ur GlrdIe f
¦ Safety Pins. o/O MAtXt\ELM & i iXIZtZ I , Corset..45c a
IS . Running Through to 11 O'Farrell St. PHELAN BUILDING, B
A T> V K'ttTTSTTM RMTOThe Milkers' Union is endeavoring to
Induce the Legislature to enact a law
making It a misdemeanor punishable by a
fine of $500 or six months' Imprisonment
for any proprietor or manager to so neg
lect the sanitary conditions of his dairy
a» to endanger the health of his employes
The law will also prohibit the sale of milk
taken from Improperly fed cows.
Dairy Begulations.
Severely Injured "While Fighting.
Thomas Lyons, residing at 224 Riteli
street, sustained serious injuries while en
gaged in a street fight last evening with
a lad named John Kelly. The two were
In front of an undertaking establishment
at 33 Eddy street, and Lyons, in making
a swing at his opponent, put his hand
through the plate glass window of the
store. Lyons ran down Market and Third
streets to Mission, blood flowing freely
from his wrist, and he there fell exhaust
ed. Police Officer Harrison discovered
the ¦wounded man and sent him to the Re
ceiving Hospital. Dr. Boskowltz was
Obliged to put thirty stitches in Lyons'
wrist ere the flow of blood was stopped.
Lyons and Kelly were both charged by
the police with disturbing the peace.
street, called upon On "Wo. 22 Row alley,
yesterday afternoon to collect a bill. On
Wo got mad and attacked Hoo Poo with
a hatchet and a pair of shears, inflicting a
wound on his scalp. On Wo waa arrested
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon and the hatchet was booked as
evidence against him.
Chinese Way of Paying Debts.
Hoo Poo, a merchant at 1107 ¦ Stockton
Music in the Park.
The park band will render the, following
programme this afternoon, weather per
mlttine:
March, "American Republic" Thiere
Overture, "Merry Wives of Windsor".. Nicola!
Selection. "The Black Hussar" Milloecker
Waltz, "Artists' Life"... Strauss
Descriptive, "Musical Tour of Kurope". Conrad 1
Overture, "Morning, Noon and Night".... Suppe
Song. "La Noel" Adam
Themes from "Faust" Gounod
Intermezzo, "Salome' ' Ix>ralne
March, "Salute to San Francisco"
1 E. I* Merrltt
The Cox Seed Company of 411-413-415
Sansome street has issued its annual il
lustrated catalogue of seeds and plants.
Artistically and typographically It is a
perfect specimen of the printer's art It
contains a complete price list of all the
seeds and plants grown on the Paciilc
Coasti" The Cox Seed Company Is among
the largest growers and dealers of the
best seeds and plants in the West, and
their business is rapidly increasing owing
to the fact that growers are giving tho
preference to native grown seeds over th«
Eastern product. .
A copy of the new catalogue will be
mailed free to any address sent to the
company's headauarters in San- Fran
cisco, i . - *
Seeds and Plants.
Monday morning upon the body of Flor
ence Bell, the young girl who killed her
eelf •with ' carbolic acid last Wednesday
because she discovered that her sweet
heart. Robert Blum, was a married man.
Mrs. Kate Sere, a sister of tho dead girl,
called at the ' Coroner's office yesterday
morning and left with Chief Deputy Mc-
Cormick an anonymous letter which John
Bell, her -brother, had received. It was
printed with pen and ink and misspelled.
The following is a corrected copy:
CITY, Jan.* 18. ¦ 1901.
As I knew what your feeling must be about
your sister's death and as there is no way
to get even by the law, and as I have a bone
to pick with Blum myself, I shall, it this finds
you, do my best to help- you along. Here Is
my: Idea: He has a part of a saloon at Car
ters, a small city up toward the mountains.
Take train '. at Stockton.- I shall see by the
papers what you will do. I am pretty sure
that you will find him there, and I shall find
out later for sure if he is there, and see If you
want him very badly. You will surely find
him there.
It is believed by Bell's friends that the
letter is a decoy, sent to entice him into
the mountains, where he might be foully
dealt with.
JOHN" BELL RECEIVES
AN ANONYMOUS LETTER
Alleged Attempt to Entice the Broth
er of Girl Suicide Into
Mountains.
Coroner Leland will h,old an inquest
formal note to the Venezuelan Govern
ment, and certainly nothing In the nature
of an ultimatum. The Secretary of State
Baid that Minister Loomis' instructions so
far have been telegraphic and have- direct
ed him to protest to the Venezuelan
authorities against any disturbance of
American rights and property. Further
than this the State Department has not
sent forward any definite instructions as
to the next step to be taken If the Min
ister's negotiations do not meet satisfac
tory compliance.
Loomis Not Instructed to Present a
Formal Note.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— It Is said to
night that this Government has not
authorized Minister Loomis to present a
ACTION TJNATJTHOHIZED.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 19.— Officers
of the United States gunboat Scorpion
say that the situation is grave. Minister
Loomis in consequence of instructions
from Washington has made four protests
against the Government decree annulling
the concession of the New York and "Ber
mudez Asphalt Company. The protests
were based on the fact that Venezuela
acted without the approval of the Su
preme Court.
Minister Loomis has made an imperative
demand, practically an ultimatum, that
the Venezuelan Government would not
dispossess the New York and Bermudez
Company before the authorities in Wash
ington could investigate the case. It was
urged by Mr. Loomis that the New' Tork
and Bermudez Company should be per
mitted by Venezuela to remain in posses
sion of the asphalt property until the con
troversy has been settled In court. Vene
zuela has defied the United States and has
Riven apparently no consideration to the
demands from Washington.
Dispatches to-day from Guanaco indi
cate that troubles are imminent. Guer
rilla bands are threatening to destroy the
asphalt refining plant. The political band
which is harassing the New York and
Bermudez Company offers to restore the
asphalt properties and to give full protec
tion upon the payment of $400,000.
There is no trouble in Caracas and busi
ness conditions are excellent.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Minister Loomis' Demand
Is Practically an
Ultimatum.
' . - v ¦
Guerrilla Bands Are Threatening to
Destroy the Plant of the New
York and Bermudez
Asphalt Company.
GRAVE CRISIS
IN VENEZUELA
GOES ABROAD TO REST
AND ENJOY THE SIGHTS
R. J. R. Aden Starts for the Old World in
Search of Health and Recreation.
THE SAN FEANQISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
William Mitchell, & real estate agent at
1206 Market street, was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detective Crockett on a war
rant from Visalia charging' him with* the
felony of obtaining money by 'false pre
tenses. The complaining. witness 1 is O. R.
Cross, and he alleges that \ Mitchell sold
Wanted in Visalia.
Th* Spider and a Fly.
"Won't you walk Into the narlor?" said
the spider to the fly. "Won't you open an
account with us?" jaid the installment
dealer to his victim. You can have furni
ture, pay a little at a time; but when paid
nearly all the Sheriff will walk Into your
parlor and take your furniture back to
the little-at-a-time store. It is then when
the spider holds the fly. - This is not th<s
way you are done by by the Pattoslen
Company. GoodB you buy there are your3.
You don't have to worry about the Sher
iff. Just now is the time to see this firm
while the big* challenge sale Is going on.
Corner Sixteenth and Mission streets. •
Young Ladies at Home.
The members of Young Ladles' Institute
No. 7 will be at" home to their friends In
Loyola Hall, Tenth and Market streets,
next Wednesday night, on which occa
sion the officers for the ensuing term will
be installed In public.
Ladies' Kid Gloves.
For a Monday and Tuesday special we
place on sale ladles' two-clasp kid gloves
in black, white, brown, tan, mode and
red; a regular $1 glove for 63 cents.
MOSS' GLOVE STORE.
1210 Market st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
N. B.— Customers unable to purchase
last Monday, take advantage. •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Hat
tie C. Tates against Homer Yates for cru
elty, Martha C. Benjamin against Charles
F. Benjamin for cruelty and Mrs. L. Wat
son against A. D. Watson for desertion..
Sues His Assailant.
"W. P. Hadlcy has sued Giuseppe Guldi
for $50,000 damages for personal injuries.
Hadley alleges that Guidl assaulted him
on January 24, 1S99. knocked him down and
fractured his collarbone. Hence the suit.
The committee then adjourned to meet
.again In .Washington at 10 o'clock Monday
morning. -" ¦ - ¦-. ¦" " :
Cadets Bettison, Mahaffey, Gray and
Atkins, the presidents and representatives
of the four classes, were called before the
committee and addressed by General Dick,
who thanked them for their action in
abolishing hazing at the academy and
said that Congress would recognize and
adopt what they had done. -
He also thanked Colonel Mills • for the
kindness and courtesy shown the commit
tee since it had come here. He also said
the committee would go back to Congress
with the kindest feelings and best wishes
for the academy and all connected with it.
This voluntary act of the corps has so Im
pressed the committee that it ha* every
reason to believe that in spirit and in letter
It will be carried out by those cadets who
are now" at the military academy. This action
of the men is greatly commended by the com
mittee and will be read by the country with
feelings of merited approbation.
WEST POINT, Jan. 19.— To the Superin
tendent of the United States Military Academy:
Having become cognizant of the manner in
which the system of hazing, as practiced at
the military academy, Is regarded by the peo
ple of the United States we, the cadets of
the United States Military Academy, while
maintaining that we have pursued our system
from the best motives, yet realizing that the
deliberate Judgment of the people should In
a countiy like ours be above other considera
tions, do reaffirm our former action abolish
ing the practice of exercising fourth class men
and do further agree to discontinue hazing and
compelling: fourth class men to eat anything
against their desire and the practice of "calling
out" fourth class men by claas action I and
that we will not devise similar practices to
replace those abandoned.'
After reading tho communication Gen
eral Dick said: ¦•,:?, ¦¦.-'^ •»• ¦ -;. ..;/ :.-. .^.j
As soon as Colonel Hein concluded his
testimony Colonel Mills, superintendent of
the academy, handed the following docu
ment, signed by the president of each of
the classes, to Colonel Dick, chairman of
the committee:
Lieutenant Colonel Otto Hein, com
mandant of cadets, was the next witness.
General Dick told him that the commit
tee had decided to adopt his testimony as
reported in the records of the military
court of inquiry and that he could amplify
it in any way he desired. The witness
said he was surprised at the number of
fights which had occurred in the last
three years, according to evidence ad
duced at the sessions of the committee.
It was a revelation to him and he added
that the cadets evaded all the watchful
ness of the tactful officers which vigor
ously tried to discover such breaches of
the rules and regulations.
General Dick asked Burnet If he had
anything further to add to his testimony
and the witness replied:
I would like to say that Congress and the
people do not understand West Point.
In response to your own suggestion that
Congress and the people do not seem to under
stand West Point, said General Dick, let me
gar to ycu that cadets at West Point seem,
until recently, to have failed to understand the
people. Congress, not wishing to be hasty in
the matter, sent this committee here to in
quire as to the exact condition of things and
to inquire into all these many charges that
were laid at the door of West Point. This
committee has been diligent in Its Inquiry now
for close- on to three weeks. We have had to
make this Investigation a searching one, with
out fear or favor, and certainly without preju
dice against, the institution. We are all proud
of it, and the American people have a great
Interest in It. One hundred years Have testi
fied to Its worth and to its value to the coun
try- It has produced great men and it will
continue to do so unless Its purpose in per
verted. It seldom comes to any set of men
to have such an opportunity as that which
presents itself at ¦ this time to the cadets at
West Point to render this institution and the
country so great a service by resolving now
and here that no charges as serious as these
shall, if they can help It, ever be laid at West
Point's doors again.
Yes, sir. I believe that Is so.
Will you tell tie If yoa desired to help a
fourth claaa man. why it would not be better
to ebollsh all social distinction * between the.
classes and by thus associating- with the fourth
class impress on its members the sense of
honor and the moral principles which actuate
the corps?
As army officers can teach their men, main
taining this distinction between them, so the
upper classes can better Instruct the fourth
class by maintaining the first class distinc
tion.
Did the Savior believe that he could better
impress hln moral code upon the people by
associating with publicans and sinners than
ho could by keeping himself at a distance from
them?
RJ. R. ADEN of the Piper-Aden-
Goodall Company, and one of
the most popular men in all
3 Solano County, left on last
night's overland train for New
York. Mr. Aden is taking a well earned
rest after nearly forty years of work in
this State, and will travel extensively be
fore returning to this city.
Mr. Aden is one of the best known men
about the bay. He is part owner of ths
ferry system between Vallejo and Mare
Island, and largely Interested in the
steamers running between this city and
Vallejo, and in the largest fleet of bay
schooners west of the Great Lakes. He
is also a large property owner in Vallejo
and San Francisco.
that Cadet Prentice, upon whose word he
(the witness) had relied when he wrote
of the alleged incident to Rev. Mr. Allison,
had edmltted on the witness stand that
he was mistaken.
Judge Smith, during his examination of
Burnet, said:
him a patent oil burner for $250. which
was found to be valueless. Mitchell ap
plied to Judge Lawlor to be released on
bonds, but the Judjte decided that he could
not Interfere, and Mitchell was locked up
In the City . Prison. Constable Douglass
will take him to Visalia to-day.
From Naples Mr. Aden goes to his old
home in Germany and will then return
to San Francisco by way of New York.
Mr.- Aden will be away several months.
More than a hundred of his friends were
down to see him off.
During his Journeyings Mr. Aden will
visit New York, Gibraltar, Genoa, Naples,
Alexandria. Cairo (including a trip up the
Nile to the first cataract and return),
Jaffa, Jerusalem, Jericho, the Dead Sea,
Jordan, Bethlehem, Narblous, Dothan,
Mount Tabor, Sea of Galilee, Nazareth,
Mount Carmel, Acre, Tyre. SIdon, Bey
rout. Smyrna. Constantinople, Athena,
Corfu, Brlndisi and Naples.
Everybody in San Francisco and So
lano knows "Joe" Aden, and it is safe
to say that out of the whole aggregation
there Is not one but what will wish him
godspeed and a safe return.
said Dr. Allison had scored the cadets
without being in possession of the full
facts of Booz's life at the academy. The
witness stated that Booz had told official
and private falsehoods. One falsehood
was the filing of an incorrect statement in
answer to a report charging him with not
observing the rules at a change of sentry
posts. The witness considered Booz's ac
tions in his fight with Keller as discred
itable to him. He held that Booz should
have stayed in the fight until he was
knocked senseless. The witness also ex
pressed the opinion that it was discredit
able in Booz to read a novel held inside
the covers of a Bible. The witness was
surprised when Chairman Dick told him
WEST POINT, N. Y., Jan. 19.— The Con
gressional investigation of the West
Point Military Academy has borne fruit
rather unexpectedly. To-night when the
Congressmen were hurrying their in
quiries to a termination the cadets of all
four classes held a meeting in Grant Hall
and unanimously decided to abolish hai
ing of every form, as well as the practice
of "calling out" fourth class men. This
Is exactly what General Dick and the
other members of the Congressional com
mittee have beerOtrying to Impress upon
the cadets who have testified before
them as the only course open to them if
they desired to see the fair name of the
United States Military Academy unsullied
and above reproach. The communication
was addressed to Superintendent A. L..
Mills, who returned from Washington
only this afternoon, and he quickly
brought it to General Dick. The commit
teemen are delighted at the action of the
cadet?, and General Dick In a few words
said they would all go back to the House
of Representatives hoping that in spirit
and letter the agreement would be kept
by the cadets who made it voluntarily.
The first witness examined this morn
ing was Cadet Paul D. Bunker of Massa
chusetts, who is a member of the present
third class. Last night some of the plebes
told the committee that Bunker had
braced them and given them tobasco
sauce during: the encampment last sum
mer. Cadet Dillon said he was compelled
by Bunker to swallow from a half to a
teaspoonful of the sauce, given him in a
camp spoon, which la about the size of a
dessert spoon.
Bunker acknowledged having braced
some of the plebes, but denied ever hav
ing given more than fifteen drops of sauce
to any one, and when Judge Smith con
fronted him with Dillon's testimony the
witness said he did not recollect ever hav
ing given such a large quantity to Dillon
or to any other plebe. . , „.
Bunker, who said he weighs about 200
pounds and measures five feet eleven and
a quarter inches, only remembered having
hazed two men who .were his equal m
nhvsique. The other plebes whom he hazed
were small men. He had never engaged
in fights, either as principal or assistant.
His hazing repertoire was rather limited,
as he had confined himself to bracing,
making men sing out their wash lists to
popular airs, ride broomsticks, stand on
their heads and charge sparrows witn
fixed bayonets. . .
radet Charles Burnet. appointed from
Illinois, president of the Cadet Branch of
the Young Men's Christian Association,
at Chairman Dick's request, read the cor
respondence, heretofore published, be
tween himself and Dr. Allfson of Bristol,
Pa. When the witness concluded Gen
eral Dick handed to him and asked him
to read several letters written by Booz
to members of his family during the time
he was attending the academy. In them
Booz said that the other cadets were
tyrants, brutes and bullies and said they
were doing their best to kill him. He
told of his fight, in a letter written the
day after it occurred, and said that he
had to give up after being winded. He
asked permission to resign, saying there
was no honor in his staying at West Point
any longer and that the Military Academy
was no place for parents to send a boy.
Then the chairman requested the wit
neeg to read from the military regula
tions the sections which prohibit fighting,
hazing, etc., and the oath which a cadet
takes on entering the academy. When
this reading was finished. Chairman Dick,
saying to the witness that he had been
mentioned to the committee as one of the
principal hazers in the academy, handed
him a list of the corps of cadets with
the request that he point out the names
of those who are noted for their hazing
proclivities. The witness replied that,
having in mind the time when hazing was
in vogue, he might have to name every
one in the upper classes. I>urlngthe past
year, however, ail vigorous" forms of haz
ing have become obsolete.
Referring to Rev. Dr. Allison's letter,
Chairman Dick asked the witness if he
knew of the word "Bible" having been
used sarcastically In reference to former
Cadet Booz.
"No, sir," replied the witness. "I
never heard him called 'Bibles' and if he
was It would have been done thoughtless
lv by some cadet."
"If any cadet were subjected to ridicule
or any "inconvenience on account of his
religion, could he escape or avoid it?"
"It would come to the ears of the heads
of the Y. M. C. A. sooner or later and the
president of his class would be notified.
This would result in the president taking
measures to stop any further molesta
tions." •
The witness was then taken to task for
statements in his letter to Dr. Allison. He
late Its Beport.
in Washington and Formu-
Congressional Inquiry at
West Point Bears
Fruit.
»
After Hearing Additional Evidence
the Committee Adjourns to Meet
CADETS AGREE
T0 STOP HAZING
R. J. R. ADEN OF VAL.L.EJO AND SAN FRANCISCO. WHO AFTER FOR
TY TEARS OF HARD WORK, IS NOW TAKING A WELL EARNED
VACATION.
The Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive "Works
Instituted three suits yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court against
Charles H. Souther for an injunction and
an acountlng, alleging that the respondent
Infringed upon a gold dredging and gold
saving apparatus. . .
Patent Infringement Suit.
22
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, Me flaak. Richards & Co.. 40« Clay. •
No one who has ever been In San Fran-
cisco has created so much interest in
palmistry and c'airvoyancy as Ismax, the
celebrated Egyptian seeress.
Her Ability Is Unmatchable'
Her Powers Almost
Unlimited.
ISMAR
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton.
On account of forced removal, Mlhran'a
Block selling at (treat sacrifice.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
RUGS
AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
MONDAY, Jan. 21,
At 11 a. in. and 2 p. m.
ORIENTAL
t Successor to Dr. LAI Po TAL
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very suc?«"
lul practice of many yean in
China, has located in Ban
Eranclsco. The eurprtslns and
marvelous cure« effected by
hi* herbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. Thes«
berba cure over 400 different
i£W t 1*i>WiFh <5l6««Lses. Including Bri*ht'a
ittfyRivSr Disease. Diabetes, Consump.
B*atafi£J» tlon. Asthma, ParalyiU, Brala.
JCerve, Cancer*. Tumon, Blood, Mule and Fe-
cale Xzh ¦• r. All persons afflicted with any
}>::.•: c: malady whatsoever are invited to calL
Office. 727 Washington st. Office hours— 9 a.
rs. to 12 rr... 1 to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to
12 ::.. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of aeveral years* standing
A. DAHLET. San Rafaet
TONC F»O CHI"V.
I^HIB WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
. Specialist ewret Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea.Gleet,
nrtctnr*. Hemliial Weakness. Impotence and their
tilled Dlaorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fre«.
}verCOyearsVxper«ence.TeTnn reasonable. Hoar*.
' toSdally ; 6:30to i. 30 eT'rs. Su ndnjr*. 10 to 12. On su 1-
atioo tree and sacredly confidential. Can or addxesa
P. ROSCOE aicXULTT. 31. D.
SO>£ Kearay St., San Francisco, CfiL
DR.MOTLTY.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| b A GKEAT KESTOUATIVE. INVIGOKA-
• tor and Xervlne.
The znost wonderful aphrodisi&c and Special
Tonic for th« Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
t< yt and Bladder. Bella en Its own merits.
KABER, AI*F6 & BRUNE. Amenta.
ISS X£arket at.. B. F.— <Sen4 for Circular*.)
It matters not what you want to find
out. she will give you satisfaction. Mys-
teries of all kinds are solved so easily
that you stand aghast. Our best citizens
have called upon her and marvel at the
wonderful power displayed. She reads
your destiny like an open book. Business
undertakings, unseen dangers, crises In
life's experience are safely met when
guided by the marvelous powers of this
•Egyptian seeress. Don't fail to grasp the
opportunity offered of consulting her.'
ISMAR can be consulted dally from 10
a, m. to 5 p. m. at her office, 1148 Market
street, two doors below Weinstock & Lu-
hln's; Sundays by appointment only.
Incandescent light wiring; a specialty. Eleo-
trical Engineering Co.. 509-511 Howard at •
Not for the monthly troubles alone
are Mrs. Pinkham's medicines and ad-
vice r,f so much value, nor is it only
those that made women old before their
time. All those female disorders that
r.re so prevalent among our sex add
Just po much to our age, and should be
cured. The dragging-down pains from
which women puffer so much, head-
aches, backaches, and the various un-
natural discharges, are all direct causes
of the old ape that creeps upon women
only too quickly. These things can all
be cured by the use of Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine, and I hope every reader of
this paper who suffers in this way will
take my advice and secure for herself
that youth that is the greatest charm
of women. HELEN MARVIN.
There is no one living who knows
more about these matters than Mrs.
Pinkham. and I would like every
Tinman who wishes to retain her youth-
ful beauty to write to her. Mrs. Pink-
ham will know just what is best to
do. Her m*»dicinp has taken the care-
worn look from many a woman's face,
end has relieved the sufferer from pains
that made her look ten j-ears older
than slip was.
When the monthly illness arrives,
there should be no pain. This to most
women, who are used to considering
these pains as their inheritance from
Mother Eve, will come as a surprise.
But it is certain that this event should
come upon us as easily as the dawn
ifid just as regularly, if women would
find in it a mear.s of beauty. When it
does not so arrive. It is a sign of trou-
ble, and should be attended to at once.
It Is absolutely necessary that a -wo-
man should be regular, if she would be
>outhful. Having three weeks elapse
at one time, and six at another. Is
bound to result in mischief, and the
woman who lets this condition con-
tinue is sure to grow old before her
time. Flooding- is equally dang-erous *o
the youthful appearance of women, and
El.ould be stopped.
Hut most important of all in a wo-
man's efforts to keep young must be
considered her monthly illness. This is
Nature's definite provision for secur-
ing to our sex perpetual youth. Tet,
unless the various organs of our sex
v.ork naturally, without pain or hind-
rance of any kind, the desired result
will not be accomplished, and a woman
will crow old rather than young.
Never worry. Worry never improved
matters, and if you stop to think a
minute, you can almost always count
up more blessings than troubles. Be-
sides, worn.- usually unfits a woman for
prond. rational thinking, and therefore
nften hinders instead of helps. Many
\von:<=n find themselves unable to stop
worrying; This is directly traceable to
nervousness, and is an illness that
Fhould be cured. It causes a woman to
grow old, and thin, and irritable. If
you worry and cannot stop it. take Ly-
dia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
That wjll make your nerves strong, and
you \\i!l find yourself growing 1 young
un<ier the treatment.
Esthe immediately upon rising in the
morning, and take a hard rubdown aft-
erward. This won't take more than
five or ten minutes. Then put on a
Ic.nse pown through which the air can
pass freely, and work around in that
for an hour or two. This air bath will
take years from a woman's face.
Kxercise every day in the open air.
Take a Fhort, brisk walk. If you can-
not find time, let one room go unswept,
or prepare a more simple meal. A
charming, rosy woman is always more
pleasing to a man when he reaches
home than the most immaculate house
or th<» most elaborate of dinners.
In the first place, a woman should
rever overwork herself. True, many of
us have too much to do. But when you
find your strength privini? out. sit down.
If you are very tired, lie down, with
the hips hijrher than the shoulders, for
jvihaps five minutes. Don't fuss over
your work. No matter how much you
have to do, do it quietly. The great-
est amount of fussinj? never got the
work dime more quickly, and it cer-
tainly has Riven Time an opportunity
to put his hand upon many a woman's
fare.
Not at all. Men may grow old, if
they wish. "With them it Is strength
and wisdom rather than youth that Is
attractive. For women Xature has
made definite provision, that they may
keep youthful.
Tet, I hear a number of women ex-
claim, how cam I keep from growing
o!d? Isn't It the fate of all that we
should prow old?
Our sex should follow the example
set by Holmes, vrho spoke of himself
as being so many years young, not old.
A -woman rhould never grow old, need
never grow old. Experience may put
lines of wisdom upon her face, but they
will enhance its beauty. The wither-
ing hand of ape, which would disfigure
these lines and take glow of youth from
the flesh, should never appear.
Helen Marvin Explains How
Her Sex May Secure a Youth-
ful Appearance and Keep It.
PERPETUAL YOUTH FOR WOMEN
ADVEHTTSEMETrrS.
MUSLIN
underwear:
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE.
On MONDAY, January 21st, and continuing all th8
talance of tnls montli, we will haye our SEMI-ANNDAL
SALE OF LADIES 1 FINE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. We
will show a vern large varletg or GOWNS, CORSET
COVERS, CHEMISES, SKIRTS AND DRAWERS, all
trlmmel with the latest patterns of Embroideries and
Laces. All our Underwear Is made from a superior
trualltu or Camhrlc and Muslin, Is well made and will,
he SOld at EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES.
FOUR SPECIMEN VALUES.
LADIES' NIGHT DRESSES, made or a verg Hne quailtg
. of muslin, also cambric, uokes trimmed with em-
hrolderu, also tucked and hemstitched.
Price $1.00 Each.
LADIES' SKIRTS, made with deep lawn flounces,
six rows or tuGklng and trimmed with fine em-
hpolderu 7 lnGhes In depth.
Price $1.75 Each.
LADIES' SKIRTS, made with deep tucked, lawn
flounces and trimmed with lace 7 Inches deep.
Price $2.50 Each.
LADIES' DRAWERS, made from extra heavu muslin,
with lawn rurries, and trimmed with lace Inser-
tion and edging.
Price $1.00 Pair.
111; 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
l THE I
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
I 1106 Market Street. I
I TetEPHOME SOUTH 473. If
1 NEW BLACK" SILKS. 1
H oiiKS which we recommend for wear H
« appearance and lownes* of price. ' P
1 2 °- Inch Black \
1 S$ Slik Taffeta |
I J%£ .. -65c Yard |
I u^Hi 21-Inch French 1
I //\p Taff8 *a Silk I
1 All 24 " lD * Un&r8a)( " 1
H \ I I able Taffeta I
| y I .-51.00 Yard |
1 x^& >A 6enolne Fr8n d> 1
| Vv^\ PeaB de Sole |
I ..$1.50 Yard I
1 Costumes, Dress Skirts and WaUts I
•j or above materials to order at I
•A most moderate prices. \
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY, j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ISMAIL
The Most Popular Book in America
By IRVING BACHELLER
Gonseeutive Business Days
1S£itio« gold, lettered on red cloth, gilt top, $1.50.
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY/ Boston
CASH ORUTTLE-AT-A-TTME.
¦VT* are now rapidly dlipoaia*
of our thirtieth carload of^
STOVES and
RANGES,
Among which ar« th» popular
Charm. Flora, Mono and other
famous stoves. We have posi-
tively the largest Una of stoves
and ranges la the city at th*
lowest prices.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.,
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above 6th. San Francisco.
PHONE— SOUTH 1*.Music Teachers Elect Officers.
The Music Teachers', Association of Cal
ifornia ; held , a meeting yesterday after
noon and. elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: H. W. Patrick, presi
dent; A. Spadlna, : vice president; Mrs. J.
A. Whlteslde, secretary; Mrs. P. O. Peter
son, treasurer; • Mme. Ellen Coursen
Roeckel, 8. L. Herzog and V. A. H.Hoff
meyer, directors; •¦> . ; , v :
A grand vaudeville entertainment will
be given next ' Tuesday night - at Native
Sons' Hall for the benefit of the Fran
cesca Training School. This institution
wa3 organized two years ago under the
auspices of the ¦ Jesuit fathers • and was
made a branch of.; the Francesca Relief
Society. The proceeds of. Tuesday night's
performance will be applied toward fitting
up a kitchen where scientific cooking may
be taught. The best of talent has been
secured for the show and a splendid per
formance will be given. Tickets are £0
cents, and may be obtained at 919 Market
street", IS McAllister street, , St. Ignatius
College and 1019 Van Ness avenue. Re
served seats may be obtained at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s to-morrow and Tuesday.
Francesca Vaudeville.
grandmother at Natchez. The party will
spend a week or two here, returning East
by way of Salt Lake City.
President Ripley of the Santa Te wired
Captain Payson of the local office yester
day that he would be in San Francisco
within the next ten days. Mr. Ripley will
spend several days here and some of his
time will be occupied in making arrange
ments for the entertainment of a large
party of Chicago commercial men, wiio
are coming to the coast the latter part
of February or early In March as the
guests of the presidents of five big West
ern railroads. The companies are the
Southern Pacific, Union Pacific,. Denver
and Rio Grande, Chicago and Northwest
ern and the Santa Fe. •
inent will have to be provided for by the
local diocese.
«t T i^'P^ esen i conv ention will be opened
at 10.3J Tuesday morning by a celebration
vim, i & commu nion with Bishop
«£S K as ' he celebrant, after which a
ftT^PnrV^n^- Dr - clam Pett of Trin
i'Jn.iin n ?,wl" b t de "vered. The con
\ention will then be organized for busi
ness.
In the evening at 8 o'clock a general
meeting in the Interest of Sunday School
work with a reorganization of the Dioce
san Sunday School Institute, will be ef
fected. Short addresses will be made by
the Bishop. Rev. F. W. Clampet™ D. D^
Dean Lion and Rev. L. C. Sanford.
On Wednesday at 9 a. m.. after a brief
service, the convention will proceed with
unfinished business, and at 11 o'clock a
missionary meeting will be held at
which the Bishop urges there be a large
attendance. At this meeting addresses
will be made by Rev. E. L. Parsons
Rev. T. J. Loucey. Rev. F. W. Clampett
D.D., Rev. B. M. Weedon of San Jose and
Houseman said he was willing toimatch
his man, and -gave his unqualified word.
Pooler would not give a decided answer,
as ne wished to wire Moffatt i concerning
tho fight before pledging himself. He said
he was not sure about the condition of
Mcffatt's arm. but that if Moffatt thought
he would be able to fight at the end of
February he . would go ahead with the
match. Pooler wired : Moffatt last nJght
and an answer is expected to-day.
The match. that will be substituted for
the McCoy-Sharkey fight" before the
Twentieth Century Athletic Club on Feb
ruary 28 will in all probability be Root
end Moffatt. Lou Houseman; represent
ing Jack Root, and Sam Pooler, acting in
like capacity for Moffatt, met last night
with John Gleason, president of the Twen
tieth Century Club, to make prellminary
arranfjements. ": .-..-. .•
tieth, Century Club.
STJBSTITTJTE MATCH.
Moffatt and Root Wanted by Twen-
On Friday at 10 a. m. a general meeting
of the Woman's Auxiliary will receive
holy communion at St. Paul's Church.
Bishop Nichols, assisted by Rev. W. M.
Reilly, rector of the church, will cele
brate. Business meetings at 11 a. m. and
2:30 p. m. will conclude the services.
Lunch at St. Paul's will be provided by
the ladies of the church. Two hundred
and fifty delegates from every church in
the diocese are expected to be in attend
ance at the convention.
Messrs. A. N., Drown and Major
Hooper.
In the evening at the Occidental Hotel
Bishop and Mrs. Nichols will entertain
the convention and all the church people
of the diocese.
On Thursday at 9 a. in. the convention
will assemble for business, and conclud*
the session, and at 7:30 p. m. a united ser
vice In the interests of the Brotherhood
of St Andrew and the Daughters of the
King will be held, at which brief ad
dresses will be made by members of each
order. - . .. . \
The fifty-first annual convention of the
Episcopal Diocese of California will con
vene in Grace Church next Tuesday and
will continue in session four days."
Business of great Importance to the
dloc«se will come before the con
vention and the sessions are expected
to prove as interesting or even more so
j^han any former gathering of the kind.
P rfpeclally important will be the legisla
tion necessary for the reception of the
great triennial convention of the whole
church in the United States, to be held
in thi* city In October of the present
year, when the' bishops for Hawaii,
Pcrto PJco and probably the Philippines
tre to be chosen, and at which nearly a
thousand delegates, including all the
bishops of the church and many of the
more prominent of the clergy and laity
will be present. These delegates are to be
the guests of the Dioo»se of California
jj.nd the amount required for entertain-
3UKE OF MANCHESTER
COMING WITH DUCHESS
Papa Zimmerman Will Accompany
Party, Which Is Daily Ex
pected to Arrive.
Word has bof-n received by the South
ern Pacific officials that the Duke and the
Duchess cf Manchester are en route for
Th»» coaFt. Their arrival is daily expected.
A number of letters have been received
for the Duke and Mr. Zimmerman, father
of the Duchess. One missive has been re
ceived by E. O. McCormick. passenger
trafflc manager of the Southern Pacific
f-nd It is expected that Mr. McCormick
v.lll entertain the titled visitors during
t heir stay here.
The Duke and Duchess are making a
tjtour of the country. They have been In
' C'w York and Cincinnati and when last
v*ix& from were vlsitins the Duke's
Will Arrange for the Great Council of the Whole Church in
United States to Be Held in This City in October.
Overture. "Stars ; and Stripes," Professor
von der Mehden's orchestra; vocal solo, select
ed. Jack Harris;' fancy -dance, Master Monta
gue Barton; specialties, Georjre Mund; tenor
solo, selected, William *J.. O'Brien; recitation,
selected, Thomas . W. -Hlckey; flute solo, se
lected. Brother Herman Shafer; . "Tog-ether
Side by Each,"' George McGee and Harry
Cooper; cornet solo. Miss Alice Xeuhau.se, ac
companied by MIbs Tille: Meyer; vocal solo.
Master Charles Ooettlng; Harmony Quartet—
R. . H. Hunt, George Gunn. P. H. Efckonroth
'Jr. and W. E. Smith; remarks, "Our Friend,"
Richard I. Whelan ; specialties, selected.
George Hammersmith; specialties, Kelly and
Marlow; entertainment at 8 p. m. and dancing
and social at 10 p. m. -
LETTER-CARRIERS WILX
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY
Mutual Aid Association to Give En
[ tertainment and Ball in Native
Sons' Hall. . : .
The Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Asso
ciation will give its thirteenth annual an
niversary entertainment and ball Satur
day evening, January 26, In Native Sons'
Hall. As all the entertainments of this
society In previous years have been most
successful and enjoyable, a delightful
time Is anticipated. The committees on
arrangements have already beeen appoint
ed and are diligently at work. The pro
gramme ls as follows:
missing. When the directors appointed
the expert to look over Walden's
books and accounts I gave them
the keys to the safe In which
all the prison records are kept. I fur
ther told them that if at any- time there
was anything needed to assist them In
their Investigation to call on me and I
would give them every help In my power.
At present they are the custodians of the
books of the prison. They have not as
yet called upon m^ to fuijiish anything
that is not within their reach."
"How far back have they cone in their
investigation and examination of Wai
den's accounts?"
Working on Books of 1897.
"I do not know," replied Ajrulrre, "but
In passing through the office to-day I no
ticed that they were working on, or, at
least, had before them, the books of 1897."
"Had the experts discovered anything
wrong In the accounts would they have
made a report to you?"
EPISCOPALIANS OF THE DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA
TO MEET HERE IN ANNUAL CONVENTION TUESDAY
THE San Quentin Jute mill I
scandal as It progresses I
daily, assumes more gigantic
proportions. There seems to
fce tut little doubt that the
beginning of Walden's pecu
lations dates back to a pe
riod lopjr before the time he
Prst occupied the position of a free man at
tXM penitentiary* There are rumors that j
-¦< em to point tSthe fact that there was j
a systematic scheme of robbery of the
State, and that the missing clerk had
ronfederates both Inside and outside the
walls of the jaiL There is a persistent
assertion on the part of those interested
that they have no knowledge of any
nTonpdo:r.g on the part of Walden, other
than that of the Levy transaction.
It Is rumored on apparently good au- !
thnrity that the investigation now in j
fi-oerress will result in showing- but a small ;
portion of the crooked work. It is said ,
mat certain books that should now be in i
the office of the warden are missing. ¦
Whether they disappeared prior to the j
abrupt departure of Walden or afterward j
Ls a matter of conjecture. Warden Aguirre j
K.ivs that if any books or accounts are !
missing he knows nothing of the matter. '
He even goes so far as to deny- that he J
has ever beard of anything being missing
from the records of his office.
"It is Just tills way," said he yesterday. )
I know nothing concerning the admlnis- i
I ation of the affairs of the prison prior j
9 rr.y coming- here as warden in July. 1S39.
I accepted In faith with the duties of
>ffice"the books, records and property
Luraed over to me by my predecessor."
• on at that time have an inventory j
¦f the sacks in the prison ware*- I
house?" was ask<vl of the Warden
"I did," he repltea.
Discrepancy of One Eale.
"W ss thr-T'- any discrepancy between j
the numebr of sacks on hand and the ,
number that there should have been in
the warehouse, according to the figures in
the stockbook?"
"There was one bale missing."
"Was the missing bale ever found?"
"No."
"How, then, was It that the expert ac
countant of the board was able to render
periodically a true balance sheet? • Must
there not have been a discrepancy that
should have at that time been followed
up and investigated?"
"I made inquiries about the matter and
learned that the missing bale had disap
peared years ago. It had been carried
over on the books from one administra
tion-to another, and I accepted it as part
of the emoluments of the office. You
must understand that the Warden Is in
a great measure dependent on the reports
of the experts appointed by the Prison
Commissioners. They are supposed to un
derstand their business. After they look
over the books and accounts of the prison
it Js not part of the duty of the Warden to
check these up and see that the report
made Is correct. The Commissioners re
ceive the reports of the expert, pass upon
them and then the Warden can no longer
be held responsible for anything that may
have goqe wrong in the financial manage
ment of the prison. I am under $120,000
bonds, and if for one moment I suspected
that any of the employes under me were
pruilty of wrongdoing I would Immedi
ately suspend them or discharge them in
ordfr to protect the sureties on my bond."
"Is It not a fact. Warden, that you either
know personally or have been informed
that certain books and records are miss
inp from your office?"
"No."
"Have you not heard a rumor to the
effect that certain books belonging to the
office have been either stolen or de
stroyed?"
"No," replied the Warden, "I have no
knowledge of any books or records being
Rumor Has It That Important Books and Records of Penitentiary Are Missing and That the
Work of Expert Accountants Will Never Reveal the True Inwardness of Affairs — Evi
dence at Hand bnows lhat Clerk Walden Had Influential Accomplices on the Outside
SAN QUENTIN PRISON SCANDAL LS
NOW ASSUMING LARGER PROPORTIONS
Pages 23 to 32
Red : Men's Grand ,*Ball.
The grand ball of the Red Men held at
Turk-street Turn Vereln Hall last night
was a great success. A large number were
present and enjoyed themselves to the
fullest. The following named were the
committee of arrangements: J. Uldag. A.
Hildebrandt. H. Hoffmann. H. Hilde
brandt,. R. ; Putzmann, ;c. Fleisher, .'J.
Hauenholz, B. • Schoenberg, G. Laudolt.
W. Geistluk, J. Busk, H. Wulf> I* Paul,
H. Schaffe, G. Riegelhuth. H. Moser and
I* Barnstein. The floor : managers were
C. Fleischer, J. Busk. H. : Sehaff e and L.
Paul Jr.
PRETORIA. Jan. 19.— The Boers have
captured a train laden with mt^tpg ma
terial between Brugsprult and Balmoral.
The passengers were robbed of •very
thing.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— The Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs concluded its
consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill, but will not report to the Senate be
fore Tuesday because of the large num
ber of amendments to be recommended by
the committeemen. Among the amend
ments agreed to are the following:
Providing for a dam across the Gila
River at the San Carlos River to supply
water for Irrigation to the 4000 Indians on
that reservation; authorizing the Secre
tary of the Interior to permit prospecting
and mining for gold or silver ana other
minerals on all Indian reservations: re
storing the Lemhl. Idaho, and Mission
Tule River. California.' agencies.
BOERS CAPTURE TRAIN.
Senate Committee Concludes Consid
eration of Bill, but Does
Not Report. <fr. : i*
APPROPRIATIONS TOR
INDIAN RESERVATIONS
Phelan; assistant librarians— John ' Chorland,
Robert J. Wright.. T. S. Sheehan. Thomas J.
Lydon and Charles F. "Weld; assistant . roll pre
fects—B. A. Bralnard, John P. Hlggiss, L. J.
Henrioulle and Louis Heal y; assistant mar
shals— M. J. "Warren and Jera Looney; assist
ant vestry prefects— J. McMannus. H. McMan
nus, Dennis Campbell and .; Edward Haynes;
standard ¦ bearers — Thomas Fay, John K.
Vevoda and James Kehoe; choir members— J.
A. Carroll. Georsre Connolly, J. J. Cunningham.
Thomas Foley, Joseph F. : Gallagher, Robert
Hay, John L. Jan net. Joseph Lawless. H. A.
Byrnes, R.. J." Longabaugh, K. J. McCarthy,
John A. McCarthy, .Thomas J. O'Brien, Thomas
Panzini, George ¦ A. Rice, . Frank . J. Somers.
Thomas J. Walsh, Theodore Wll tz and George
"Woods. - • • ' -
new medical association proposes to hold
annual meetings, together with special
meetings at the call of the chair. It will
not conflict -with any other medical or
ganization. It is intended to take in all
physicians in good standing in the "West
ern States and in the island possessions
and its objects are to promote the inter
est in and the development of medical
science in this part of America. Two
weeks from this date Dr. W. P. McNutt,
who was last night appointed temporary
chair, ' will nominate a committee of fif
teen to prepare plans for perfecting: a per
manent organization. Dr. R. "W.- Payne
Prefect, James -R. Kelly; first assistant pre
fect/ J. ' E. Fltzpatrlck; second . assistant pre
fect, John Coulson; secretary, Maurice J. Pope;
assistant secretary, Frank L. Fenton; ' treasur
er, James H. Dlgnan; librarian, John- S. Wel
bank; , roll .-prefect, »¦ Charles - H. Beardsley;
guardian of probationers. F. C. Cleary: asslst
ajit guardian ' of I probationers, James Powers;
organist, Charles L. Ebner; marshal, Lawrence
Walsh; assistant marshal, M. i Carrick; vestry
prefect, W. W.n Hancock: senior guardian, first
division, J. K. Lavlolette;. Junior guardian,
flrst.division, Thomas Elston; guardian, second
division. Dr. i S." J. Cunningham; senior.- guar
dlan, third division, R.ODriscoll; Junior guar
dian.-third division. Dr. J. F. Douglass; senior
guardian, fourth division. J. J. O'Brien; Junior
guardian, ¦ fourth division, • Mart(ji Fennell Jr. ;
Kiiardian, fifth division, J. H. McGlnney; sen
ior guardian, sixth division. Thomas C. O'Con
nor;- Junior guardian, sixth division, J. JJ. J.
The Feast of the Holy Name of Jesus
will be celebrated this morning at the
Gentlemen's Modality Chapel of ' St.
Ignatius Church. An Installation of the
following named officers will take place
during the mass, at which there will be a
short address:
College Will Install
-* Officers.
ABE TO . CELEBRATE
; ,.?; FEAST OF HOLY NAME
Gentlemen's Sodality of i St. . Ignatius
An Important organization was effected
in the hair of the Young Men's Christian
Association building last night when a
number of the most Influential physicians
of the city met and formed the Pacific
Coast Medical Association. Many who
were unable to be present sent letters ex
pressing cordial indorsement of the ob
jects of the" association and promlsfng
their hearty co-operation. At the next
meeting, to be held in August, a perma
nent organization will be effected. The
was chosen to fill the position of tem
porary secretary:"
The following: physicians were present
at last night's meeting:
r>r. Jules Rosenstlra, Dr. O. W. Davis. Dr.
Louis Kengrla, Dr. C O. Kenyon. Dr. H.
Kreutzman, Dr. A. W. Morton, Dr. S. O. L.
Potter. Dr. A. P. "Woodward, Dr. D. "W.
Montgomery. Dr. J. P. MeCone. Dr. Dudley
Talt. Dr. "W. F. Southard. Dr. Teaman*. Dr.
P. de Veechi. Dr. Pawlickl. Dr. George C.
McDonald. Dr. E. S. Plllsbury, Dr. J. Henry
Barbat, Dr. McQuesten. Dr. T. Byron d*
Witt. Dr. W«nple, Dr. R. F. Bunker, Dr.
George Adams. San Francisco: Dr. Cromptom.
Bausallto; Dr. McElroy and Dr. Fowler. Utah.
Important Organization Effected by Physicians of Assured Stand
ing to Promote Interests of Profession.
"No, I cannot;" said MacLaren. "I am
working for the Directors. If you want
any information go to them. This is a
caso of bread and butter to me. I am not
talking to any reporters. If it was my
own brother I would not tell him any
thing./ You may be rightly Informed as
to the 15,000 sacks proposition, but you
cannot verify It by me."
"Are any books or records missing from
the office ?" was asked. \ .
After Bread and Butter.
"Can you not Inform The Call whether
It is true that in October, 1898, Walden
sold to Levy 15,000 sacks, which he
claimed were the property of a man
named Browning, who had authorized him
to sell them?"
ing prison affairs had not the books and
records been before him.
"There is nothing to be told by me," said
he, "for I am in the employ of the di
rectors. Any information to be given out
will come from them."
Expert McLaren, when seen a few min
utes later, looked wise and undoubtedly
would have denied that he was investigat-
"No," answered Aguirre. "When they
have finished their examination they will
report to the directors. If the directors
then see fit to make known the result of
the investigation the public will, through
the columns of the newspapers, know the
condition of affairs. The report. If given
out, will be read at a public meeting. As
I told you before, I know nothing of the
prison records other than since the time
I assumed the duties of Warden. There
might be some books or records missing,
because I never had an inventory made of
the records in the ofllce. I have surren
dered to the experts the keys of the safe
in which the books are kept. They have
not informed me that anything Is missing
nor called my attention to any discrepan
cies. You might see Expert MacLaren.
If anything wrong has been discovered
outside of what you aaeady know he will
be able to tell you."
ASSOCIATION OF PROMINENT DOCTORS IS FORMED
TO INCLUDE MEDICOS OF ALL WESTERN STATES
bought from Warden Hale 50.000 sacks at
the then market price of 4% cents, the
total being 12230. For this merchandise
he gave a check payable to Warden Hale.
On the same day Levy drew a check for
$660 in favor of C. J. Walden and bought
15,000 sacks at 13 cents a hundred less than
he was paying Hale. The latter sale was
made, the cash paid and the deal closed
apparently before even Levy received the
sacks. The receipted bill for the 15,000
sacks Is dated October 15— a. day after the
check was drawn.
Levy, as usual, was profuse yesterday
In excuses to the police as to how he came
to buy the 15.000 sacks far below the mar
ket price. The Junk dealer claims that
Walden told him the same old story — "that
a J. R. Browning was overstocked with
sacks and that he could dispose of them
at a low figure."
"Where Walden has gone- to is a mystery.
The general belief is that he is hidden
somewhere in or near the city and that
he has been Joined in his seclusion by his
wife and his two children. A friend of
his stated yesterday that he was sure the
man was not far away and that he was
in constant communication with friends
in the city.
Walden's wife's maiden name was Lun
berg. and she has several brothers and
sisters in this city. Arthur L. Lunbers
of the firm of Lunberg & Lee. Jewelers at
232 Post street, is a brother-in-law of the
absconder. When asked where Mrs. Wal
den was he stated that she was "across
the bay."
Prison Director Wilklns was In the city
yesterday working hard on the Walden
case. He had no news to furnish. He is
very much annoyed at a purported Inter
view that recently appeared in a morning 1
paper. WHkins emphatically states that
he was misquoted from beginning to end
in the article and that he and Warden
Agulrre have had no misunderstanding,
and that he never spoke of the "Warden
or his administration in the manner al
leged in the article.
The facts brought out by Captain Sey
mour are these: On October 14, 1893, Levy
The story that was published In The Call
recently stating that Levy had purchased
15,003 sacks from Walden in October of
1898 was proven absolutely true yesterday.
Levy was Interviewed at his residence the
night before and declared that he had
bought sacks from Walden but twice, both
these purchases being In the fail of last
year. Yesterday he was ordered to ap
pear before Captain Seymour and explain
about the sale of 15,000 sacks in the month
of October, 1898.
Joseph Levy, the junk dealer of Clay
street, is getting deeper and deeper into
the scandal. In the eyes of the police
and the prison directors he is a guilty
man. He is believed by them to be a
confederate of Walden who secured all
the stolen plunder that he could lay his
hands upon.
Levy Held Guilty by Police.
Notwithstanding the reticence of those
who should be acquainted with the
inside history of the scandal caused by
the disappearance of Walden, it is gen
erally known that it Is but the matter of
a few days until the proof will be forth
coming that there has been a systematic
robbing of the prison. "While it is true
that some of the people who are by Dame
Rumor connected with the peculations of
Walden are dead, there is an Intent upon
the part of those who ; are forcing the
present investigation to probe to the bot
tom of the matter. When the truth is
known it will be a surprise to many peo
ple to learn that within the clique weie
citizens whose honesty has never been
doubted by them.
"You have not heard as yet that I have
asked the Warden for any books, have
you?" counter-queried j MacLaren as he
grabbed up his hat and ran out of the of
fice to catch the late train to San Fran
cisco.
AN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
BILLS AND CHECK STUBS THAT FORM MORE DOCUMENTARY PROOF OF ILLICIT TRANSACTIONS CAR
RIED ON BETO'EEN AGED JUNK-DEALER JOSEPH LEVY OF CLAY STREET AND C. J. WALDEN, THE
ABSCONDING CLERK OF THE JUTE MILL IN SAN QUENTIN.
The Sack-sewers' Union No. 1 has
elefcted the following 1 officers: President.
B. L. McLaughlin; vice president, George
McDonald; secretary, Dan Day; financial
secretary. George Klrgusde.
SackBewers'Union's Officers.
Pages 1&mJAPANESE SMTJGOLEH
CAPTUB.ED BY ENLOW
Another petty emug-g-ler haa been cap
tured through the vigilance of Customs
inspector Enlo\r. The Inspector was on
su&rd on the Hongkong Maru at 5 o'clock
Steamboat Joiners Elect Officers. .
• At the last reffular^ meeting '.of the
Steamboat Joiners' Union the following
named officers were elected: President, J.
Cattran; vice president. S.: Graham; re
cording: secretary, T. Westoby ; * financial
secretary, C. F. Mann; treasurer, W. J.
Clark. Congratulatory addresses were
made by several of the officers and mem
bera on the wroe perl tv of the union dur
lngr the last year.
Artist . Seriously! Injured.
.. William Curran, an artist In the employ
of : Sanborn & Vail, -was seriously injured
last night In a collision : betTveen a How
ard-street car and an express wagon on
which he was riding. Patrick Conlan. tha
driver of • the • wagon, attempted to , cross
in front of the-car,,whlch struck the rear
end : of the wagon and | precipitated young
Curran to the ground with great violence.
He was bruised about the -left 'Bid a of tho
body and rendered unconscious. ¦•< After ha
had been restored to consciousness he was
removed to the Railroad Hospital.
Overturned Load of Furniture.
A wagon loaded with household furni
ture, while moving along Howard street
at 7 o'clock last night was hit by trolley
car No. 1034 at Twelfth street and over
turned. The wagon wan owned by Mark
Conlan and with him on the seat was
William Curran. who was thrown to the
street and ceceived lniurtes which neces
sitated his removal to the Railroad Hospi
tal. Dr. Alderson of : the : hospital staff
attended to him for some slight -wounds,
after which he waa removed to his horns
at 68 Herman street.
FAVORS PROPOSALS FOR
BALLOT-PAPER CONTRACT
State Senator Tyrrell Approves Reso-
lution of Board of
Supervisors.
The Board of SuDervlsors received • a
communication yesterday from State Sen
ator John R. . Tyrrell acknowledging the
receipt of the resolution adopted by the
board on December 10, 1900, requesting the
Legislature to pass a law requiring tho
Secretary of 'State to advertise for pro
posals for furnishing "ballot paper, and to
award the contract therefor to tne low
est responsible bidder."
The resolution was -adopted as a re
sult of the exorbitant charge of $725 by th»
Secretary of 8tate for the ballot paper
furnished to this city at the last election.
Kvidence was submitted to the Supervis
ors that the market rrlce'of the paper
was only half the amount charged anj
the demand was accordingly cut to' $362 GO
by the board. Senator Tyrrell Informs tho
supervisors in his communication that he
has carefully considered the resolution
and that he is thoroughly In accord with
its provisions.
Kripp Sues Beebe.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.-E. H. Kripp
to-day commenced eult against Arthur N.
Beebe to secure the leform and amend
ment of an agreement entered into last
February with James -W. Butler. Kripp's
complaint alleges that his agreement with
Butler was to sell to the Tatter for $430
his franchise for 1900 for the playing of
the games of the baseball league at tha
Oak Park Athletic grounds, which he had
leased. He claims that Butler made out
the written agreement and' Instead : of
drawing It up i according to the original
understanding he made it to cover four
years— 1900, 1901, 1902 and 1903. Last April
he sold the assignment to Beebe, • whom
Kripp claims to have notified at the time
of the mistake in the agreement. ' Now
Kripp sues for the reforming of the agree
ment, claiming that If it is not done he
.will lose the benefit of his membership in
the league and his lease. of the grounds.
Challenge to Bowl.
There is considerable Interest in bowl
ing circles over the challenge issued by
the Bohemian Bowling Club to the Echo
bowling organization. The latter has some
of the champions of tne coast among: ita
members. -There are to be nine games.
The contest will extend over three nights,
three contests on each night; best two out
of three to. win. The contest' will take
place at the Coronado bowling alley and
the date of the flrst game has yet to be
fixed.: Tony Ranzulo ¦will captain the Bo
hemians and Jake Pike the Echoa. Both
captains - will select their ' teams of five
men each. , * •'•
Tanforan racecourse never presented a
more picturesque appearance than It did
yesterday afternoon, the occasion being
the regular meet of the San Mateo
County Hunt. The majority of the
club members* wore the scarlet coat, and
velvet can which is 1.he accepted garb
of the fashionable hunts the world over.
They lent. a warmth of color to the. ani
mated scenu which heightened the .effect
and mad© a picture worth going a day's
journey to see.
Francis J. Carolan. master of the hunt,
arrived from th« East on Thursday, and
huntpd his gallant pack for the first time
this season. The field was all well mount
ed, .while the hounds showed to better
advantage than at any other time in
their history, on this coast. Every condi
tion was propitious for a grand after
noon's sport, and at the close of the run
all who had the. good fortune to be pres
ent declared it one of the best hunts ever
held here.
The course lay over the undulating land
between Tanforan and the ocean. The
fences were taken as found, no attempt
being made to lower the top rail. The
run occupied nearly three hours, Includ
ing some checks, during which the horses
and men recovered quickly from their ex
ertions. «.
Contrary to all expectations, only one
lady graced the occasion with her pres
ence. Princess Ponlatowski drove over
from Burlingame, and, with George Hall
as her guest, caught an occasional
glimpse of the hunt as the field made its
BANNER IS WELL"
RECEIVED AT BERLIN
Critics Prophesy a Brilliant Future
for the San Francisco
Violinist., - ; M
BERLIN. Jan. 19.— Michael Banner, tha
San Francisco violinist, appeared In con
cert this evening before a distinguished
audience at the Beethovensaal, with the
Philharmonic Orchestra. He played tha
Beethoven concerto, the . Mendelssohn
concerto and the first movement of
Brahms' concerto. Much enthusiasm was
shown, and It is the general opinion that
Banner has developed into one of the
foremost violinists of the world. I
Banner will start for London soon on a
concert tour. .
Results at Hew Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 19.— Results:
Mile, ¦elllnr— Emigre "won, Frank McConnell
second. Waterhouse third. Time. 1:43%.
Three furlongs, two-year-olds — Haydon won.
The Hoyden second. Fullen third. Time. :38.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course— Don
Clarenclo won, Brakeman second, Divertise
ment third. ,. Time. 3:20.
> Mile and an' eighth, the Live Oak handicap-
Ben Chance won, : Sir -. Gatian second. B.
Gates third. Time. 1:56%.
Six furlongs— Bummer won, Charlie O'Brien
second. : Mordelmo third. Time, 1:15U- '
Seven furlongs,* selling— Algle M won. Porter
B second. Assessment third. Time, 1:31;
Vallejo Coursing Club.
VALl/EJO. Jan. 19.— The Vallejo Cours
ing Club perfected organization to-day
with the election of the following officers:
President, : John , Kennedy; vice president,"
T. uP. Grennan; secretary, Frank Brew;
treasurer. J. H.'McDume: directors— John
Kennedy. J. H. ' Rhorer. Kenry Connolly,
J..H. McDuffie, Thomas. P. Grennan.' The
club has been incorporated and has -a
promising future. W. ¦!* Chapman of San
Francisco i assisted the members In get*,
tins affair* started.
way toward Burllngame clubhouse.
There was a noticeable Improvement In
the hunting etiquette of the field bver that
shown at th»» meet held at Ingleslde last
year. This may have been caused by the
absence of ladies, both at the meet and In
uie field, and the consequent lack of op
portunity to play to th« gallery. Certain
it, is there was no riding down of hounds,
as on former occasions, and the hunt ser
vants. Jerry Keating, the huntsman, and
Richards, the whlpper-ln, were not Inter
fered with in the performance of their
duties.
»The only smart turnout at the meet was
the pony four-in-hand tooled by the mas
ter of the hunt. Richard Graham, the In
imitable ringmaster at all the fashionable
horse shows held here, sounded the coach
ing horn and awoke echoes from the sur
rounding hills.
The field Included Francis J. Carolan,
Prlnc© Poniatowjki, W. F. Hobart. J.
Downey Harvey, George Parsons. J. J.
Moore. Peter D. Martin, E. T>. Beylard,
Charles Dr.nphy. John I*awsr>n. Duncan
Hayne, Lawrence McCreery. Walter Me- *
Creery. Joseph Dyer. Mr. Fitzpatrtek of
Ireland. Mr. Crimmins of New York and »
Mr. Whitney. f
Mr. Carolan rode Merry Boy and mount-'
ed Prince Ponlatowskl on his good horse.
Scarboro. He also provided mounts for
two other members of the field" with 'Di
ana and Sunshine. All the horses wers
admirably turned out by James McCul
lough. Mr. Carolan's head groom.
Walter Hobart used his gray horse Roy
alty, a veteran of several seasons. J. J.
Monre> rode his bay mare Bridesmaid,
while Peter Martin was carried comfort
ably by his Eastern purchase, Monta
Carlo. Downey Harvey entrusted hia ro
tund form to Bally Bey.
Conditions All Favor One of the Most Satisfactory Meets of the
Draghounds Ever Held on This Coast.
The Graft«r beat A. Buker's Kanaka; O. I>n
non's Half Moon b*at J. fane's Master Iiaven
pirt; nupsHI * Allen's Daisy Clair beat T. J.
Oronin'n Daisy Pale; 1). J. Healy's Tarloca
beat R. I* Taylor's Beauty Spot; F. Prince's
Forjret beat Pasha Kennels' Roguish Antics;
Ruwell & Allen'* Wedding BellB beat J. R.
McCarthy's John Doe; Curtis & Sons' War
path beat Chlarlni Bros.' Brass Button: Curtis
& Sons' Flying Fox, a double bye with Curtis
& Sons' War Eagle, RUey Grannan and War
rlgo withdrawn; J. R. Smith's Pass Word beat
J. fimlth's Master Workman: Pasha Kennels'
Raov Anecdote b«>at McCarthy. & . Dlval's
Prairie Pr!n<"<>>s: T. " J. f'ronin's Vlx«»n beat
Aeneid Kennels' A<*hlll*?:: J. H. Perlgo's Con
troller beat P. Plll'in's Challenger: F. A. Mr-
Comb's Little FIster beat Connell Bros.' White
Hat: Russell A All»n'R Spiteful beat F. Mc
fool's Fin McCool; P. J. Ttellly's Honesty beat
R. Ll Taylor's Mose; J. Sutton's Herschel's
Pride beat George Sharman's Bowery Boy; E.
Geary's Palo Alto beat P. Brophy's Benleia
Boy: II. A- Reckelman's " Snapshot beat J.
Hurley's O. K. Capitol; Walsh & Ileenan's
Sacramento Boy beat J. H. Perlgo's 7/ady
Pavenpcrt; W. C. Glas.«on's Dewdrop beat Rus
f»1I A- Allen's Strayaway: T. Tiemey's Lu
<ret!a Borgia boat H. A. I>rk»lman'» Ben
Kirby; Pasha K«nn»-l»" Random Aim beat P.
J. KMlly's Peter West; J. R. Smith's Sylvanus
beat C. n. Peterson's Silver Cloud: T. W. Bar
t»l> Mao's Melody h*at A. Vandenvhlte's
I>ear Kinsr: P. Poyie'y Liberator beat Curtis
& Sons' Kibosh: George Sharman's St. Ives
beat R. F. Bartel's Beer Brewer; George Shar
man's Black Flush beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fir*; II. A. 'Deckel man's Master Rocket beat
Connell Bros.'. Mamie Pleasant: Georga Nether
cott's Floodgate beat Pasha Kennels' Rival's
yesterday morning, and the saloon watch
man, a Japanese ' named Enada Enoske.
walked down the gangplank with an
overcoat on- his arm nnd-a basket of rice
calces* In his hand. Enlow stopped and
searched -him and found concealed under
the overcoat throe pieces of fancy figured
kimono cloth. The Japanese was arrest
ed and will be taken before United States
Court Commissioner. Heacock , to-morrow
morning for examination. -y. ¦ :\ '..
Customs Surveyor Spear -says that he
has received but little encouragement
from Federal grand juries -In his effort*
to stop the, petty smuggling of silks and
cigars that seems to be continually going (
on and that is fostered, and encouraged
by the failure of tho Federal authorities/'
to punish the offenders,- but In spite or
that fact he will continue to make arrests,
for If men are allowed to smuggle a few
boxes of cigars or a few bolts of silk they.
will smuggle diamonds and opium. Mr.
Bpear has therefore requested Deputy
Surveyor St. John to use trie utmost vigi
lance. In the detection of all smugglers,
large and small, and to appear personally
at all examinations before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock in order to
protect -his office from the Imputations
that have been permitted to be cast upon
It by defendants and others.
AnFxi-er: Russell * A1W* Castaway b»at J.
Cane's Victor Queen; K. E. de B. Lope?. &
Son'* Eager b».-at B. Silvia's n«?annex; P. J.
Healy's I^ady Clare beat T. J. Cronln's Van
dal; Matter & Reid's TTncle Fuller beat R. L.
Taylor's Bir Van; J. Hurley's Gramercy beat
T. Barre's Walt-a-Little; Pasha Kennels'
Risky Attempt beat J. Hurley's Hurricane:
F. A. McCorab's Royal Flush beat Curtis k
Sons' Cash: J. R. Smith's Petronlus beat D. J.
Healy*s Urania; Curtis & Sons' Charta beat
It. E. de Lopez & Son's Sweetness; F. Jones'
Wedgewood beat J. Smith's Boney Boy; Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete beat Aeneid Kennels'
Aethra: D. J. Healy's Nlcaslo beat J. K. Hodgr
kins' Kin* Cashier; Curtis *: Sons' Shadow
beat Chfarinl Bros.' B«nco Bill; Chlarlni Bros.'
Santonin beat II. A. L)erkelman's Lawrence;
P. Jackson's Honor Brijrht heat Connell Bros.'
Ix)B Boy; Russell & Allen's First Foot beat
J. A. Klein's Coronado; Curtis * Sons' Echo
beat Pasha Kennels' neady Always; T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee beat Russell &
Allen's Scotland Tet: Maher & Reid's Bart
Boy beat F. A. McCorab's Bona Fide; Captain
Cane's Greenhall beat Ersklne & Jones'
Lavender; George gharrr-an's Chicago Boy beat
Ksy Bros.' Hawker; Pasha Kennels' Round
About best Curtis & Sons' McKtnley; E
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Pasha Kennels'
ROTa] Anne: Pasha KennoU' Rural ArtlM beat
P. Bteinhoffs Veto; Curtis «t Sons Anchor
bpat Paaha Kennels' Rm&i Article: E. Geary's
America beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead-
P. J. Rellly's Loughneagh beat J. Lennon'a
Sir Crawford: F. Price's Brutus beat C. Bon-
Hal's Wild Norah; 8t«rl & KnowleV Blesty
Mist beat A. Vanderwhlte's Montana Belle;
"W. Calrna* Imperial beat E. M. Kellogr's
Iowa Boy.
MINNEAPOLIS "FARMER"
ACCUSED OF BURGLARY
¦Walter- Jergensen arrived here from
Minneapolis about three months ago and
took up his Quarters at 108 Sixth street.
He Bald he was a farmer and had come
here to see If he could buy a ranch on
reasonable terms.
Since then the police allege that the un
sophisticated "farmer" has committed
about forty petty burglaries and that he is
an adept at the business. He was arrested
Friday night on Geary street by Police
man Hurd and .locked up in the "tanks."
Yesterday Jergensen was . identified In
the City Prison by several pawnbrokers
and was booked on three charges of burg
lary by Detectives O'Dea and Riordan and
Policeman Hurd, He is accused of break-
Ing Into rooms at 108 Sixth street, where
he- roomed, and stealing clothing and
other articles; also Into the houses at 955
Howard street, 328 Eddy street and, 602
Taylor street. He broke Into the latter
house twice and on the second occasion
last Friday, he was seen by Mrs. Hop
kins, the landlady, who got the Chinese
servant to follow him. He dropped a bun
dle In an alley off Eddy street, which was
picked up by the Chinese and found to
contain skeleton keys and a steel punch
about eight Inches lone. In his room the
officers found a mask and a "Jimmy."
Strong Hares Provide Long Courses at UnionPark and Upset Cal
culations of Men Who Bet on Greyhounds f.
L/org rrrirfp? and a fair sized bunch of
winnine shnrt-enders marked the cours
ing yesterday at Union Park. Some of
th*» courses were particularly hard on the
dogs, as the hares proved unusually,
strong.
P«!o Alto showed good form with Be
nir-!a Boy and has been made the stake
favorite at odds of 4 to 1. Wedgewood
«nd Flying: Fox are next on the list, be
:i£T quoted at 6 to 1. Then come Honesty.
Jlrutus. I^ady Olair and I^ittlo Bister, at
5 to 1. Pacramento p.oy lias b^en nuoted
at 10 to 1 op nrrount of a hard course with
J,arty Davenport.
Th«> short -^nd winners which caught the
money were Fwcet Emma from Maud S,
»t S to 1; Petronius from Urania, 4 to J;
Honesty from Mos<*. "Wedding Bells from
John Doe. Black Flush from Fine Fire,
Kager from Re-Annex. Round About from
MrKinl^y. S to 1; Sylvanus from Silver
• 'loiid. Imperial from Iowa Boy and Pass
Word from Master Workman. 2 to 1;
<"»ram«>rcy frr»m Wnit-a-I.Mtle. 5 to 2;
N'irRpio from King ''ashlor and I^ough
npaeh from Sir rvawford. 5 to 3. The
<?<*>-> running rr*ulted as follows:
F. Jonas' Harlean Gladys beat E. Roy Har
rison's Briar Root; George Parkinson's Ben
J<onum0 beat HarriFan & Wleeand's Overture;
Tl. M. Ke'.logir'* Sweet Emma beat Curtis &
Sons' Maufl R; E. M. Keller's Kid McCoy
b«at J. HohJen's 6cotUsh Chief; P. J. Rellly*B
After the flrst three couples had fin
ished their matches, a foursome was made
up, J. "W. Byrne and B. D. Adamson play
ing against E. R. Folger and F. S. Strat
ton. The two San Francisco men won 2
up on nine holes.
Though the weather was pleasant It was
not bright, and few spectators were out.
PALO ALTO IS THE STAKE FAVORITE
IN AN IMPORTANT COURSING EVENT
SAN DIEGO TAKES FALL
OUT OF TOP NOTCHEES
Some Exciting Baseball Played by
Teams in the Southern
League.
SAN* DIEGO, Jan. 19.— The San Diego
baseball team took a fall out of the lead
ers to-day in the race for the Southern
League pennant by a score of 7 t,o 2. The
locals presented a lineup and battery
order which was strong in every par
ticular. All of the players are known in
San Francisco except Works and Klauber
who are local men.
Taylor, who has been signed by Cal
K wing to play with' Oakland next sum
mer/ was in the box foe San Diego, and
though ho was touched up for bIx hits
l.o seemed to have, the visitors at his
mercy all of the time. When strike-outs
were needed. they were forthcoming. Most
of the time that the ball waa met it was
for a fly ball or an infield 'hit. which
meant an out each time.
The particular feature of the game' was
the poor playing of King, who had the
sulks or the grip or some other malady.
He had five chances and missed two of
them. To-morrow Charley Doyle will de
liver the goods for San Diego and Bell
vllle will pitch for San Bernardino. The
score:
SAN DIEGO.-
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pevereaux, s. B 3 3 2 l 2 3 1
Donlin, lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
£asan. 3b 3 0: 0 112 1
Brennan. c. f 4 12 3 3 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b ,3 0 1 0 2 t -2
Bon-man, I. f 3 10 3 4 0 0
Klauber. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Works, c 4 11 0 4 2 o
Taylor, p S 1 0 0 2 8 0
Totals «1 7 8 I 27 11 ~i
SAN BERNARDINO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f 4 0 1 0 4 1 Q
Knl»r. h. s 4 0 0 0 0 3 2
Hutohinson, lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 0
Franrks, 2b 4 1 1 0 2 3 0
Dunleavy, r. f 4 0 10 l o. ft
Kflly. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 l l
Mangerina, c 3 0 0 0 6 0° 1
Jones, ' p 3 12 0 0 4 1
Totals S3 2 6, 0 24 . 12 , 5
RUNS BV INNINGS.
San Bernardino 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 1—2
Ban Diego 10 10 4 0 0 1 »-7
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Pan niegn 2, San B»rnard!no 1.
Three-base hltx— Deverfanx. Donlin, Krnncks.
Two-base hit?— LT^nnan, Arrellanes, Dunleavy.
Struck out— By Taylor 3. by Jones 5. Bnseg on
ball* — By Jones A. Passed balls — Works 1.
Mangerina 1. Left on bases— San Diego 1, San
Bernardino 5. Time, of (fame— 1:55. Umpire—
L» J. Sylvester. Scorer— W. H. Russell.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— The Levya de
feated the Maier & Zobelelns to-day In a
loosely' played game by a score of 10 to 3.
Little's second base play and Lehman's
throwing to bases were the -features.
Score:
Ltvy 4 0 3 0 0 0 0 1 2-10
Hits. 8. Errors, 6.
M. & Z 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
Hltf>, «. Errors, S.
Batteries — Smiley and Lohman; Babbitt and
Adams. Umpire— Earl ey.
SANTA BAP.PARA. Jan. 19.— Willie
A. Smith and David RH1 arrived
to-lay from Ijos Angeles, where
they have been «a great attraction
<->n the Fnuthem California links.
Fince tli«» opening: of the Arlington links
lirre golfing has become very popular,
f-'mith and BeJl will play a one week's en
tcap< v ment her© a.nd several local golfers
have signed to play against them. To
morrow will be spent in exhibition play.
During their exhibition matches on the
links of the I>os Angeles Country Club re
aently, la a four-ball foursome between.
ih* 1 professionals and C. E. Maud of Riv
• rskle and C. E. Orr of Pasadena, ama
teurs, Smith established a new record for
the course by making a score of 79 for the
*~itrhtpen holes. Bogey for the course is
M, and the record heretofore has been 82.
The professionals won the match by 3 up
and 2 to play In a brilliant game. Smith
played Harry Grindlay, the I^os Angeles
professional, an eighteen-hole- match, win
ning by 3 up and 2 to play. Bell essayed
The best ball of E. B. Tufts and R. II. II.
Chapman for eighteen holes, the game re
sulting in a tie.
It is ejrp»»ct#»d the two professionals will
b.ive riojrrroble in lowering the record of
the new Arlington links. Society lovers
of the game are greatly interested' in their
!•!»>• and will turn out in force to witness
the exhibition matches.
*
OAKLAND GOLFERS WIN.
In the flrst half of the home-and-home
tournament between teams of six men
and holed out. making the hole In 2, or
one less than bogey. The other incident
befell J. ,V\\ Byrne and F. 8. Stratton,
who -were all square at the sevpnteenth
hole. Stratton, one stroke to the good,
putted for the eighteenth hole, his ball
coming to rest an inch short of the cup.
Then Byrne putted, earroming -oft Strat
ton's ball into the hole. Stratton's ball,
however, fell over into the cup, thus giv
ing the Oaklander the hole and the match.
The San Francisco team was weakened
by the absence of John Lawson, H. B.
Goodwin and II. C. Golcher. E. J. Mc-
Cutchen also found himself unable to
play, and R. G. Brown played in his stead.
Next Saturday the Oakland team will
visit the Presidio links, where the city
players will probably be ready with a
stronger team. The full details are given
in the table:
representing the San Francisco and Oak
land Golf Clubs played yesterday on the
Point Adams links a series of interesting
matches terminated in favor of the OaJc
la.nd toajn 4 up. Of the San Francisco rep
resentatives only two scored against
their opponents, B. D. Adamson beatinK
K. R. Folger 5 up and R. Gilman Brown
defeating- T. Jl. Hutchinson 2 up. The
pain of Adamson was offset by W. P.
Johnson of the Oakland team, who scored
6 up against S. L. Abbot Jr. R. G.
Brown's pain of 2 up was counterbal
anced by F. S. Stratton, who scored 1 up
against J. "\V. Byrne, and C. P. Hubbard,
who beat L. O. Kellopg: 1 up. R. M. Fitz
perald's good pcore of 4 up against H. D.
Plllsbury thus became the turning-point
of the contest. After the first two couples
had handed in their scores neither team
had scored any advantage. When the.
third pair came In Oakland was 1 up, and
at the conclusion of the fourth match In
creased Its lead to 5 up. C. P. Hubbard
raised the total Jn favor of Oakland to 6
up, but R. G. Brown reduced it to 4 up.
The course was in excellent condition
and the day hishly favorable to golfing,
the sky beinp gray. Two remarkable in
cidents occurred during the play. On
driving off to the ninth green L. O. Kei
lopg, captain of the San Francisco team.
sliced his ball, which fell among some
bushes off the course; he played It out
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACCT^ACT^^ATPRDAXJAyUART tk-^jrtatt«r fla^ ,_¦***?* *"*•„
KtTS. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs: two-year-olds; Barn. 1400.
Pol ' I L " ¦Betting
Index Horse and Weight Pit St. *4. X. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1662) Dorene 115 12 1 ... 3t ... 1*4 Buchanan t • U-5 1
(1644) Sol LIchtensteln..U3 2 3 ... 41 ... 1 Vi O'Connor ... «-6 1-2 S-l l-j
1C44 Dr Scharft 108 5 2 ... 11 ... S3 Mounce ..._ 10 13 13 4
(1631) J^V. Kirby 112 3 8 ... 5 5 ... 4 4 Jenkins . — 7-J 13 »- . •
1644 Mike Murphy 100 7 4 ... 2 3 ... 5 8 Domlnlclc .. 10 10 I |'
.... Lady Bird 105 15 ... « 2 ... « 1 Bergen 40 *0 40 80
1644 Mona«tio 105 6 10 ... 8 • ... 7 1 Coburn 20^ <O O 20
1620 Lento 104 4 $ ... » 6 ... « • Bassing«r 80 100 190 40
1602 Earl W 108 10 7 ... 7 3 ... 3 4 J. Miller..*.. 80 100 100 80
Nar>y . . . 1(C 9 9 ... 10 < ... 10 1 Meany 30 100 100 49
.... Prestonlan 105 11 12 ... 11 10 ... 11 18 J. Woods.... 20 100 73 45
1844 Dr. McN'utt 110 1 11 ... 12 ••• IS Bullmaa ...( 6 10 10 4
Time H :24; % '48%. Bad start. Won first threw driving. Winner. Burns A Waterhaas»'«
b f. by Torso-Decoy Duck. Buchanan on winner beat his field away tar«e lengths. Uch
tensteln made up six lengths from stretch turn. Dr. Scharff fast, but Inclined to rua ;
_ out._ Lady^ Bird will bear patching. -w-o^.r^->_^-o-^r,_r-o-i J -o-^^
1673. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: telling: four-year-olds and up; purse. HOP.
j PoT : / Betting -^
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. a. PI.
1€69 Theory. 5 101 32 2h In 1 H 1 J Mounc* 2 » J T-10
1«71 Soclallat. < 103 1|R 4h 41 4H 2*4 Coburn .5 7 71
C€41) Tlburon, 5 98 S3 82 »* 21 32 Domlnlck .. 8-2 13-5 13-5 7-1'i
.... Goal Runner. 8. .103 41 « 5h 6 44 O'Connor ... 2 13-5 12-5 4-5
1626 Devereaux 4 95 14 11 lh 32 52 Ransch SO 130 100 f)
1M7 Esplrando. 5 93 6 6 5 H < t h 6 J. T. Woods' 8 40 40 13
Time — K. :23?i; H.. :«"%: K. 1:13V4. Good start. 'Won ridden out. Second arid third driv
ing. Winner D. A Honi^s b. m. by Imp. F.»her-Morning Glory. Theory always did Im
prove with a race. Socialist not bothered to-ciay. Tiburon wa» outfooted. Goal Runner
will Improve. .-y^jo^jx^rt^vjLn^
1074. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four-> ear-olds and up; pane. |350.
P<T /——Betting ,
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. «4. ' H. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1C34 Donator. 6 106 21 lh 31 lh 11 Mounce. I 4 S 4-5
1S17 Torslda. a 104 « 6, 4H 41 5H 28 Coburn 4 7-3 7-2 1
1593 Campus. 6 109 12 21 lh 34 3h Domlnlck ..844 «-5
1C4G Pat Morrlssey, a.106 5 4 Sh 2 J 2h 4h Buchanan ..2 « 5 2
1574 Koenlg, 4 106 75 72 5h 4H 52 J. Miller.... « 7 7 5-3
1834 Expedient. 4 104 8 3 !!i il ?B «12 Bassinger .. 30 190 40 15
VM Redemption. 6. ...110 47 8 8 7 3 73 Romero .... 60 2iX> 209 50
1622 Mitten. 4 100 3 S 8 h 7 h S 8 Sol la 20 200 ZOO 50
Time— %. :26: '4. :50U; '*i. 1:154; mile. 1:42%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. C. Mulholland's br. g. by imp. Brutus-Maria. Winner perfectly rid
den. Torsida swerved the last part. Campus sore In warming up. Koenlp pocketed Into
the stretch or he might have b*en closer up. Scratched — Sybarls 106._Frank _Wooda_ ioi.
1075. FOURTH RACE — One mile; Llasak handicap: three-year-olds and up: purse. $1300.
' j IPo.l i Betting >
Index Horse, Age. Weight. jPstlSt. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1604 Specific. 4 104 3 6 32 21 2 H 1 ns Domlnlck .. J • • 5 3
14*4 Vulcain, 4 112 7 5 2'ilh lh 21 Bullman ... 6-3 7-5 «-5 «-5
(1.-.C3) The Lady, 4 113 5 41h 31 3h 3h Bergen 3 4 4 7-5
l«. r ,0 iPreJudice. 4 102 43 4h 51 4h 41 O'Connor ..4 8 % 5-2
1K3S Urn. Broadbrim. 5.103 12 7h 8 53 53 J. Woods... 13 20 » .- 11
1671 IMaoGyle. 4 99 6 7,«1 4^B2 62 Ransch « 13 13 4
16T> lOolden Ag<», 3 107 21 5h *ij72 73 Coburn ...:. • • • 4-5
1KGI IFocmero. 5 110| 8 8 8 7 18 8 Mounce. 7 13 13 4
Time—^i. :25'i; %. :50; *i, 1:15; mile, l:41'i. Good start. Won flrst three driving. Winner.
C. R. Ellison's b. h. by St. Florian-Speclalty. Specific ran around his field at th« turn
and stood a lonjr drive. Vulcain had no excuses. The Lady cut ofT several times from
stretch turn home. Prejudice ran a swell race. So did MacGyla after a stormy trip.
Golden Age no speed. Scratched— Gonfalon 112, Cougar 90. "Coupled with Vulcain.
167G. FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; San Leandro selling handicap; four-year
olds and up; purse. $300.
) Po.l \ | 1/ ¦ Betting >
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst| St. «. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1*60 IGrand Sachem. 6. 92! 13 13 12 11 1V4 Redfern ....f 10 15 13 3
16S« ll.»na. a 108! 41 21 22 2*4 21 Mounce 8-2 4 4 4-5
<1«3) lOpponent. 6 lOol 24 4 4 3 1 3^ O'Connor ... 6-6 6-5 «-5 1-4
(1585) |Flush of Gold. 4.108! 3 2 3 *j 3 M 4 4 Coburn 3-2 2 2 1-2
Time— M, :13; H, :37'i; «g. 1:03; V g . 1:»; m. 1:43; lMttt. l:54«i. Fair start. Won flrst thres
drivlntr. Winner. J. J. Moran's b. tc. by Tammany-Belinda. Sachem left his wigwam and
made the palefaces look cheap. Lena on her Rood behavior. O'Connor and Coburn both
finished with hard luck stories about being carried In and out.
1077. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up: purse, 3400.
f Pol ~~ ~~ < Betting —^^
Index I Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. *J. H- Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
Ixis Bill Garrett. 4... ?« 22 21 11 11 12 Domlnlck .. 6-2 8 13-5 4-8
iffiB Rolling Boer. 3.. 90 11 lh *h 2% m Coburn 2 2 3 S-5
164? r.raftor. 3 s:, ?. 4 ." 5 5 33 Ransch 13 25 3 •
(1K4S> lOrdnunjr. 5 1W 45 3h 4h 41 42 J. Miller — 4 . 8 8 5-2
< 1«S9> jArtlcnlato. 3.:.. -104| 5|3 41 31 3h 5 Mounc« .... «2 U-fr 2 7-10
Tim©— '», :12*i : *;. :37; H. l:01«i; l:58*i. Good start. Won easily. sAnnd and third
drlvlnsr. Winner. Godfrey & Co.'s rh. te. by Housatonlr-Bessle Baker. Wll Garrett was
as elusive as the Rhost that appeared with Booth and Barrett. Rolling Boer not at his
twst. for Grafter grave him a stiff argument. Ordnung took the elevator, got off at the
eighth floor, and stayed there. Articulate couldn't give the weight away.
BY E\ EJ. MUIjHOIjIjA.N'D
WITH the Lissak handicap
down for decision and the
possibilities of witnessing a
battle royal between the
crack three-year-olds Rolling
Boer and Articulate in another event a
very large crowd viewed the racing at
Oakland yesterday. The handicap fur
nished a splendid contest,' resulting in a
victory for Charley Ellison's Specific, rid
den by- Domlnlck, but Articulate reward
ed the hopes of his iollowers by finishing
last of a field of five.
The track was not fast and favorites
displayed very poor form, bat two purae.3
going to short-priced horses. Grand Sa
chem, the Montana wizard, ran away
from his field in the San Leandro selling
handicap at odds of 15 to 1 and honest,
plodding Bill Garrett made all fifteen
thousand dollar horses look alike in th-s
Articulate-Rolling: Boer race.
In the speculating on the Lissak handi
cap, which was worth $1200 to the winner,
Sam Hildreth's pair. Vuieain. with 112 up,
and Golden Age carrying 107, ruled pro
nounced favorites, coupled. The Lady,
with Marty Bergen in the saddle, had
many friends and the game little mare
played in the toughest sort of racing luck.
A nice start was made by Mr. CaldweU
after a slight delay, Golden Age being
first away. According to instructions
Dominick. on Specific, made a play for
the lead, but found a stubborn contender
in Vulcain, ridden by Bullman. In fact,
ft was a two-horse race for the last six
furlongs, with Specific outgamlng Vul
cain finally and winning by a nose. The
J^ady had many har<i knocks from the
head of the stretch in, but landed her 113
pounds In the &how, a head before Preju
dice. The wlnninr was as good as 6 to
1 in the betting and Dominick is entitled
to much praise for his splendid handling
of tho Ellison entry.
Not until the last event on the pro
gramme did Articulate and Rolling Boer
meet. The distance was seven furlongs
and the brown colt was asked to concede
ten pounds to the Boer and larger chunkj
to Bill Garrett, Grafter and Ordnung. in
the betting it was 2 to 1, and your pick
hetween the Boer; and Articulate, while
as good as 3 could be had about Bill Gar
rett. By many it was predicted that Ar
ticulate would fall and he did. Dominick.
on Bill Garrett, failed away in the lead
with his 98 pounds and though Coburn,
with Itolling Boer, always had a lottery
chance. Garrett won quite easily in 1:26> + .
Grafter finished third, behind Rolling
Boer, then followed Cvdnung and Articu
late.
According to the "dope" and all other
signs, 'Grand Sachem most assuredly Hke3
a light Impost. In the selling handicap
Rertfern had the leg up on the gelding
and won from start to finish. Lena was
dangerously close at the wire, losing by
half a length only, with the 6 to 5 choice.
Opponent, at her heels.
Dorene, the fast two-year-old filly by
Torso, from the Burns & Waterhouse
stable, captured the opening kindergarten
number. Buchanan beat the other riders
away and In a furious drive, got the ver
dict from Sol Lichtenstein, the favorite,
by half a length. Dr. Scharff showed an
amazing turn of speed as usual, taking
the show.
Friday's race seemed to have done Dan
Honlp's mare Theory a world of good, for
she cleverly outfooted the other starters
in the six-furlong sprint which followed.
Closing a Flight favorite over Goal
Runner, Theory took the lead from Dever
eaux at will, beating Socialist at the wire
by two lengths in 1:13'£. Tiburon finished
ahead of Goal Runner for third place.
Unquestionably In better condition than
the balance of the starters in the mile
selling affair. Donator, with Mnunce up,
scored a' very clean-cut V'in. The brown
gelding was backed from 4 to 2. and a"fter
waiting on Campus and Pat Morrlssey
to the stretch, Mounce made ,his move
and with several points to spare led
Torsida out a length at the wire. Campus,
notwithstanding that he showed signs of
soreness, ran a fair third.
5AN MATEO COUNTY HUNT ATTRACTS
A BRILLIANT FIELD OF HORSEMEN
... -
Articulate Upsets Calculations by Finishing
Last, Bill Garrett Winning Easily,
"Kid" McCoy will not be allowed to"
fight in San Francisco, at least during- the
regime of the present Board of Super
visors. The Supervisors' Tollce Commit
tee decided yesterday not to revoke the
permit heretofore granted; to the newly
organized Twentieth Century Athletic
Club, but only on condition that the club
will withdraw McCoy as one of the prin
cipals in the proposed contest with Shar
key to be given under Its auspices next
month. The managers of the club were
cited to appear and show cause why their
license for a light in February should not
be revoked.
In stating the objection of the commit
tee against McCoy being brought to this
city to box, Chairman Tobin said the com
mittee did not wish to discourage legiti
mate boxing, but objected seriously to al
lowing pugilists of McCoy's' reputation to
fight in San Francisco.
"Personally," said Tobin, "I am opposed
to all boxing contests in the manner they
imve recently been conducted, and unless
they are squarely held I would abolish
them altogether."
Herbert Choynskl, attorney for the club,
represented that McCoy Is a clever boxer
and that there was no evidence before the
committee that McCoy is a "faker," ex
cept the unsupported testimony of his
wife and that of Corbett's better half.
John Gleason. president of the club, quot
ed a well known sporting authority to
prove that McCoy had acted squarely in
his contest with qorbett.
"We will promise that not the slightest
suspicion will attach to the McCoy-Shar
key contest," said Mr. -Gleason. "If any
develops we will donate the purse to some
charity. The contest will be a skillful ex
hibition by two clever boxers." . • -
"We gave you your permit." said Super
visor Reed, "with the understanding that
we would tolerate no "fake" contests un
der your management. We do not con
sider McCoy a proper person to bo signed
by an up-to-date athletic club/ and we re
fuse to be a party to bringing him out."
Supervisor Stafford agreed with his as
sociates in their stand. The committee
finally agTeed to allow a license to be Is
sued by the Tax Collector only after
Gleason had given the positive assurance
of the club directors that they will cease
negotiations with McCoy and at no time
permit him to engage In any contest un
der their auspices.
Allows Twentieth Century Athletic
Club to Retain Its Permit Only
on Condition That "Kid"
Is "Withdrawn.
Supervisors' Police Commit
tee Is Opposed to His
Appearance-
McCOY CANNOT
BOX IN THIS CITY
SPECIFIC, RIDDEN BY DOMINICK,
CAPTURES THE LISSAK HANDICAP
ON THE LINKS AND THE RACE COURSE AT OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, VTANUABY 20, 1901.
'Willie A. Smith and David Bell to Open an Ex
hibition Engagement o£r Arlington Grounds.
GOLF EXPERTS WILL PLAY
ON SANTA BARBARA LINKS
\
TVTLLIE A. SMITH AND DAVID BELL. THE PROFESSIONAL GOLFERS, WHO HAVE ARRIVED AT SANTA«BAR
BARA TO OPKN A OXE-WEEK ENGAGEMENT ON THE ARLINGTON LINKS. THE PLATER ADDRESS
ING THE BALL IS SMITH. AND BELL IS THE PLAYER IN FRONT OF HIM.
(Photb by Graham, Los Angeles.)
24
6.
F. Golf Club. lUpliOaklnd Golf Club.lUp
i _
B. D. Adamson... 5 E. R. Folger .' 0
P. I*. Abbot Jr.... 0 W. P. Johnson S
J. W. Byrne 0 F. S. Stratton 1
IL D. Plllsbury... 0 R. M. Fitzgerald.. 4
1*. O. KpIIokk 0 C. P. Hubbard.... 1
R. G. Brown 2 T. R. Hutchlnson. 0
Total 7 Total 11
6.
F. Golf Club. lUpliOaklnd Golf Club.lUp
i _
B. D. Adamson... 5 E. R. Folger .' 0
P. I*. Abbot Jr.... 0 W. P. Johnson S
J. W. Byrne 0 F. S. Stratton 1
IL D. Plllsbury... 0 R. M. Fitzgerald.. 4
1*. O. KpIIokk 0 C. P. Hubbard.... 1
R. G. Brown 2 T. R. Hutchlnson. 0
Total 7 Total 11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
Why th2 Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
.__ ; "We answer the ques- Cf t-i<-f ..#•£»
£^^^^s tions briefly. If you OiriCLUrc
r < i"j* s^A. cut an arter y ln In 15 days, without pain, injury «r lneon-
/ ""^W^ your *? n ? ou d< ? venience. The bougies are Inserted at
(L^ «&«§» not^. take lnternal nlfht and act while you sleep. "Gran-
J^fc J&SSiW medicine to "top the Solvent" removes every .ymptom cj^j
/^" »3*^ysHf flow of blood - YOU stricture, lnvinr th<» canal a* health^*
VX <C&"J$ USE LOCAL AP- as when nature Formed it NO BRUTAU '
tS Igjf PLICATIONS. Sim- CUTTING OR DILATING VO IVJEC-
d J^ A marly when the ure- TIONS TO IRRITATE ' THE MEM-
Vsj^f >O, thral duets become BRANE. NO INTERNAL ORUGOINO
2t\ /&jfoit* r e *V} ed i an< L. re ~ ?° RUIN TIIE STOMACH. The St.
axed " , ls . ridlru : J ; ime3 treatment is local, direct and potl-
— -** w^-'- j ous to take internal tive. •
treatment, which must pass through the l/»»«S-^._; t
stomach and urine before It reaches th« VUrlCOCele.
seat of disease. The seminal ducts project Varlcocele Is an accumulation of ilur-
into the urethral canal through the Pros- gish blood In the vtlns Tof thi^scrotum
very narrow, .mooth. flexible and wholly ea». \r, only " t.mDorary and no m?-
soluble. which are Inserted Into the water chanlell device y.T d°Ic^«ed has cu?ed
ana^noVit^r'-mTdlc^lon^n f^M I " ln * 1 * «" ' T a»?-sSlwnt nel^tS
.trtneth f.L th f. jne* 110811011 ln lta *u» Prostate and restores healthy circulation,
strength upon the Varlcocele disappears and the sluggish
Prostate Gland, redTioo* tton is replaced by pure# health>%
Fo n n?vV" H B 1^ 1 !^ th^. dllc . ts - 19 - 846 men «t rl c tured - w ' ak - wasting and
*Oilt,VfcR,STO**l > l?»G drains and emls- deaDondent ware cured and rntnr«4 Ki»
" Or' a r d rr U r r - 1 . nB .^ h r«n t 5n 1 v P ,r n t J» nt "*?& the^" jimeTroeS Ia5t yeaV.^A^va^t
Dr. Carters Gran-Solvent' soluble army of men In whom the ll«ht of url
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever h« W.tfaUd the feTrful nightmare o!
remove . urecnrai and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- ran o^ ww mma
able St. James treatment In urethal diseases. Every sufferer ¦ ¦ ¦ B^ B^
from Stricture and its offspring. Prostatltia and Seminal Weak- E S 8 fl S
ness, should write to the St. James Association. X. W. cor. Fifth £U O& En ft»
and Elm streets; Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated ST 1 fi^| H^ gp
work showing the parts of the human system Involved in urethal ¦ hi y H H
ailments, which they will send securely wrapped in plain pack- B H D KV,. jp
HOME i TREATMFNT CA2T BB r81S10 BT ™ as sitg
lIViTiui i i\unilTlc;n 1 CKSSJ-UIXY, AS BY OUESELYJL3.
St. James , Assn., 25O Elm St., Cincinnati, O. ±,
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Bemarkablo Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigror
to Men.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are beSnr; mailed to air who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured eo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute fre«
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result
ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cur*
themselves at bome.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect .cf warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving Etrenjrth
end development Just where It Is needed.
Jt cures all the ins and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all casei. A request to the State Medical
Jn«tltute. 828 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
firous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samplcwill enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness vchen the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will t>«
tent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write wlth-
eut delay- ¦ • -Inauest on Father Biegol.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 19.— The Coroner
to-day held an Inquest in the case of
Father Riegol. the Roman Catholic priest,
whose body waa found in the hallway of
a house on North Eighth street,' two
weeks ago, stripped of his outer clothing
and minus a considerable sum of money
and other valuables. Tho Jury brought In
a verdict that his death waa due to opium
poisoning. Six persons are under arrest,
charged with the crime.
Column of Hot "Water.
RENO, Nev., Jan. . 19.^-Steamboat
Springs is now shooting hot water v flfty
feet Into the air from ¦ a c«5'ser struck
this morning by borlngr.
The Archbishop and the Lord Chamber
lain bent the kr.ee. and the former. In a
few words. Informed her that the Kins
¦was dead and that 6he was Queen. For
a nonent there was silence, and then
the your.g Queen, turning to the Arch
blshop. "R-lth tean in her eyes, said: "I
A few moments later the Princess en
tered the room in a loose, white night
pnwn end shawl, her niphtcap thrown oft
find her hair falling upon her shoulders,
her feet In slippers; yet, in spite of this
summary attire, the was perfectly col
lected and dignified.
"Even her sleep must frive way to the
business of state upon which we are
ccme." they said. "Go and wake her."
There was another delay ar.d another
rinsing to inquire the cause. The attend-
Er.t wrs summoned, and stated that the
Princess was In such a sweet sleep she
tviu'd not Venture to disturb her.
They were shown into one of the lower
T' ras. ¦rhere they ser-ra to have been for-
Aftor a time they mr.g the bell
r.'.] ce: red that the attendant cf the
Princess Victoria mljrht be sent to inform
her that they requested an audience on
Jrr.prrtar.t business.
The rr'.g-n of Q'jeen Victoria was longer
than that of any other British sovereign.
G^crcr* III Eat upon the throne fifty-nine
year?, three rr.onths and r.ine days. On
th«* CSd of September. 1SS7. Queen Victoria
bad equaled his record. It was at 5
o'clock in the morning of June 20. 1SS7,
that she. then a pirl of 1?. was awakened
frnrn her slumbers and told that she was
Queen of England. A vigorous knocking
f .• ringing- at the sate of Kensington
T'rT.ac" broke the stillness of that early
At ler.gth the sleepy porter was
aroused, ar.d was not a little astonished
to Cl : himself face to face with the Arch
blshop of Canterbury (Dr. Hawley) and
the Lord Chamberlain (Marquis of Con
ham). King William IV had died two
hoi S and a half br-fere. ar.d they had
ira'reied pest haste from Windsor.
The Uongest Beijrn-
The f.rst domestic grief which her Ma
jesty suffered vras the loss of her mother,
the Duchess cf Iver.t, after a short illness,
M.".rch 16. 1S51. followed fcy the sudden
death cf the Prince Consort, to the great
Rr:ef of the entire kingdom, December 14,
Jr. the same year. Her Majesty's intense
ecrrow for her irreparable loss, although
it has In a gTeat degTee disqualified her
from appearing: In public ar.d at court
crononlals end has imposed on her the
habits cf a life of comparative seclusion.
has. however, never been cllowed by her
to Interfere with the performance of her
Impcrtar.t duties as a sovereign.
VICTORIA ALKXANTDRIXA,
Queen cf Great Britain and
Irelar.fl ar.d Empress of In
dia. Daly child cf the
Duke of ICcr.t. third son of
George IV, and of the Prin
cess IyOv.'.Fa Victoria of P^se-
Cob-jrg. was fcorr. at Ken
s'.r.gron Palace. May T4. 1S19: her parents,
nt.o had been f^r some time residing
Rbroad. baring hastened to E^c'^nd In
order that their child might "be born a.
Brlton.7 The Duke cf Kent died Jar.uary
C3. 1S2\>. ar.d the per.erul education of the
your.g Princess was directed, under her
mother's care, by the Duchoss of Xorth
vnir-orlar.d. wife of the third Duke. Until
within a few we~kf> of h<?r elevation to the
th.rcne her life wa? fpor.t in comparative
rctiremcntf varied by tours through differ
ent parts cf the kingdom.
<5i!e«ri Victoria Eucceedod her uncle.
William IV. June 20. 1S37. as Victoria I.
Bad her coronation was celebrated in
Westminster Abbey June Hi. 1S2S. Her
Majesty trmm married February 10. lM^. to
h '.-:¦ it>te Royal Highness Prince Albert of
Baxe-Cobarc*CSo£ha« by whom her Majes
ty had Issue: I— H«r Royal Highness Vic
toria Adcla'.do Uary Louisa. Princess
Hoyal, born November a. 3S«0. married
January 3. 1S58. to hi? Royai Highness
the Crotrn Prince Frederick William of
Prussia <he £1ed June IS. I^SU 2— His
Tjoy&\ Hirh^-F* Albert Edward. Prir.ce of
"Wales, born November ?. ISO. married
Marc-h 10. l-r. the Prir.cf?s Alexandra of
Denmark; S— Her Royal HH*»ees Prin
cess Alice Maud Mr»ry. born April lo. i^«.
married July I. ISC to Prince Louis of
Hesse-Darmstadt tsbe died December 14,
:-:... <-JIis Royal Highness Prince AI
:rvd Ernest Albert, born August 6, 1M4.
created Dr.ke of Bdlnborsti BtoJ -?• 1S6G 
and Duke cf Saxe-Cohur? August 22. 1S.-3.
r~.arr:r-d January C?. 1ST'., the Grand Duoli
« ss ?:rrie Alexautf rovra, sister of the late
<"7ar cf Russia (his Royal Hiphness died
July CO. 1300); 5—Ker Royal Ilighr.os? Prm
crss Hcena Augusta Victoria, born May
28. IMG. married July 5. 1SCC. to Prince
Christian of Scfcleswfg-HolsteUi; 6— Her
Royal HlfThru-fs Princess Louisa Caroline
Alberta. ?:om March 14. IMS. married to
the Marquis of Lome March £1. 1831: 7 —
His Royal Hiehneps Prir.ce Arthur Wil
liam Patrick Albert. Duke of Cor.r.aught.
bora May 1. ISO. married March 17. 1S79.
the Princess Louise Morparet Alexandra
Victoria Acnes, tfc!r<3 daughter of Prince
Frederick Charles of Prussia: S— His
Royal EUgbneas Prince Leopold George
Duncan Albert. Duke of Albany, born j
April 7. 1S^. mp-xriea April 12, 1SS2, the
Princess Helen Trcderica Augusta,
cnuphter of s the Prince of WaldecSt ar.d
PyrrnoTjj (bis Royal Highnc-ss died March
28, : ; Mi; and Hrr P.oyal Highness Prin
cf;s Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodcre. born
April Zt, 1K7, married Juiy 23. ISSo. to
Prir.ce Henry Maurice of Battenberg
<5ir.ee dead).
Final Chapters.
And last of all— and bloodiest— the Boer
•war. The English commander-In-chlef
has proclaimed that It was over, but the
daily skirmishes und the growing addi
tions to the list of more than 20,000 British
d*^a.d on the South African veldt speak
otherwise.
Each and all of these conflicts neces
sarily caused the British Queen the keen
est anxiety, and as she resects upon them
and upon the condition of Europe, always
on the verge of a general war, she must
have remembered that many of the mon
archs who were responsible for a good
deal of this dreadful bloodshed have long
since rendered their account to the King
of Kings, and that, in the presence of that
grim leveler. I>ea.th, they were no more
than the least of their subjects.
Since Victoria ascended the throne three
Czars bave pressed with Iron heel upon
the necka'of their hapless subjects during
her beneficent reign over her own vast
empire, which she can proudly boast
stretches from sunrise tosunrise, a girdle
about the earth— first, Alexander II (as
sassinated), Alexander III and Nicholas
II; that she has seen five rulers of Ger
many—Frederick William III. Frederick
William IV, William 1, Frederick I. and
William II; In France, one King (Louis-
Philippe), one Emperor, (Napoleon III)
and two republics, the present with bIx
Presidents — Thiers, McMahon, Grevy,
Carnot, Caslmlr Perier, Faure and Lou
bet: five successors to St. Peter's chair,
viz: Pope Leo XII. Plus VIII, Gregory
XVI, Plus IX and Leo XIII; In the'United
States seventeen Presidents— Van Buren,
William Henry Harrison, Tyler, Polk,
Taylor, Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan. Lin-
Lincoln, Johnson, Grant. Hayes, Garfleld,
Arthur, Benjamin Harrison, Cleveland
(twice elected), and McKinley (twice
elected).
It is a long record, and covers pages of
historical happenings that appear Very
distant to the present generation.
Life of the Sovereign as Sketched From the Cradle to
the Sunset of Her Career.
ask your prayers on my behalf," and they
knelt and prayed together.
The next day the meeting of her first
council was held, and she was formally
proclaimed Queen of Great Britain and
Ireland from St. James' Palace. Amid
the thurder of cannon and the cheers of
the multitude she appeared at the window
of the presence chamber, supported by
Lord Melbourne and Lord I.ansdowne,
She looked pale, and while the official an
nouncement proclaiming the death of the
ICir.g- and her accession was being read.
she wept.
Thus was h*r reign Inaugurated. -It Is
not possible in the limits of a brief news
paper article even to summarize the
evenls of universal Interest that have oc
curred s'.r.ce then. All that can be done
is to merely mention tho mest important
of them.
Tne Coronation.
Queen Victoria was crowned with great
pomp at Westminster Abbey on June 28.
3-^S. Twenty months hiter fhe was mar
ried to hrr c<n:?!n. Prince Albort of Saxe-
Comirg-Gotha. ;
It was wholly a love match. She had
loved him for years before he had the
felicity cf leading- her to the altar. He
reciprocated her affection with equal ar
dor, but he could not prepese to her. TF12
gulf between their positions could not be
bridged by him. He was but an obscure
end ponni'.^ss German princeling, and
there were royal and wealthy suitors for
her hand without number. There was no
alternative; the Queen herself got over
the difficulty and proposed to Albert. She
<]Jd it In the graceful and modest manner
that was only to be expected of such a
maiden.
It was at r state ball. The young
couple had wandered from the throng of
dancers to a more secluded spot, when
Victoria, taking a rose from a little bou
quet that nestled on her breast, coyly
handed it to her partner. The young
Prince ecstatically cut open his tunic and
placed the flower next his heart. On the
following day it was known that they
were engaged.
After the ball she wrote to the Prince's
friend and mentor. Baron Stockmar:
"Albert has completely won my heart,
and all was settled between us this morn
ing. I feel certain he will make me happy.
I wish I could feel as certain of making
Mm happy." -
Victoria did everything in her power to
promote the well-being of her own peo
ple. She never ceased to keep herself
thoroughly posted on the social,
economical and political conditions of the
other nations of the world and more than
once her great influence and power was
exerted to maintain peace. During our
own Civil War she prevented her Gov
ernment from interfering in favor of the
South, and In 1S73, as has recently been
shown by the exposure of German state
secrets, she protested with the greatest
energy to Emperor William I against
Bismarck's scheme for the final conquest
and division of France. Tho "Man of
Blood and Iron" never forgave her for
thwarting his plans.
If any further proof Is needed that she
was always thoroughly conversant with
what was being done at the Foreign Of
fice. It is to be found In the manner in
which. In IS30. she put the brake upon
Lord Palmerston, then Foreign Secretary.
Palmerson had been taking things too
much into his own hands ar.d practically
lgrored the Premier, Lord John Russell.
The Queen had warned him. but he kept
on his ¦way, and then she •"ut her foot
down.
Puts Her Foot Down.
On August 15. 1830, she wrote the fol
lowing:
"The Queen thinks It Is right. In order
to prevent any mistake for the future, to
explain what It Is she expects from tha
Foreign Secretary.
"She requires, first, that he will dis
tinctly state what he proposes to do In
a given case, in order that the Queen
may know as distinctly to what ehe has
piven her royal sanction; second, having
once given her sanction to a measure,
that it be not arbitrarily altered or mod
ified by the Minister. Such an act she
must consider as failure In sincerity
toward the crown, and Justly to be visited
by the exercise of her constitutional right
of dismissing that Minister. She expects
to be kept Informed of what passes be
tween him and the foreign Ministers be
fore Important decisions are taken based
upon that Intercourse."
She was. In fact, every Inch a Queen.
N>ver tinder any circumstances did she
permit any relaxation of the rigid eti
quette of the court, not even to the
changing of a feather in the headdress
of a debutante of the highest rank and
But the year of Victoria's advent was
narked by the introduction of Cooke and
Wheatstone's improvement upon the elec
tric telegraph invented by Morse In 1S3*J.
rhe following: year Bethell's creosotirg
patent was taken out, Jacobi tried mag
netic propulsion, the first tran.*-Atlantic
steamer trip rvas made, and Degrand in
vent** his woodpaper. In 1S39 Heath's Iron
and steel patent excited attention, ozone
was discovered, the daguerreotype (pre
cursor of the modern photograph and
cinematogrraphe) was patented, and Tal
bct's Invention announced, wood paving
was introduced and that Inestimable boon,
the penny post, was started.
Next, in 1S40. envelopes came into gen
eral use. and Bain's printing telegraph
was shown; 1S42 brought forth Mont
gomery's jrutta-perrha and Nasmyth's
steam hammer; 1K-S4. Hancock's first
jpjtta-percha patent and the Anastatic
printing patent; 1S43. Schonbein's gun cot
ton; then in the following order came
Greener & Stnlte's citric lirrht. Howe's
sewing machine, chloroform as an anaes
thetic (applied by Dr. Simpson), Claudet's
foclmctor, paraffin oil for burning pur
poses, ICrupp's cast-steel patent, 'first In
ternational'exhibition (held in London,
1ST.1), Whltworth's gun patent, Besse
mer's f.rst Iron patent. Hugon's gas pat
ent, storm warnings (first Issued in Hol
land, lSRO). ppectrum analysis (invented
by Bunsen and Kirchoff), Lumley's rud
der patent, Snlder's rifle pnt?nt. the d's
covery of the source of the Nile (1SG5).
Atlantic cable connecting- England ann
America (lSUG), invention of dynamite by
Nobel, Achard's railway brake, refriger
ating process of preserving: meat (cargo
sent from Australia to England. 1S73). In
troduction on the London market of pre-
Ferved American meat (1S75), steam tram
ways, Crooke's radiator, photography by
electric l'pht. Edlscn's phonograph- (1S77),
Bell's telephone, Hughes' microphone,
Bach's resonator, electric railway (Berlin,
1SS1), tho telemeteorgraph. Pasteur's in
oculations apalnst hydrophobia, and other
marvelous discoveries of too recent date
to require recapitulation.
Tlie Victorian Era.
Then the Victorian era Is associated
with names that are household words
wherever EnKl'sh is spoken, that have
maintained the superiority of our litera
ture, that we ela!m equally with the
English people and they with us; for
these masters of noble therught and
pathos and humor to whom" we owe so
much, who have so often lifted us above
the trials and worries and struggles of
our feverish existence, who appeal to our
better nature and inspire us with lofty
ideals, arc the appurtenance of our com
mon race, of our common tongue.
Be they llvinq: or be they dead, they are
friends we have always with us, who have
never failed us and never will. How fa
miliar their names sound as we run over
those that occur to us. English and Amer
ican, haphazard, pelJmell, just as they
surge Into our mind — Dickens, Thackeray,
Longfellow. Tennyson, Nathaniel Haw
thorne, Thomas Moore, Wordsworth (al
though the two latter perhaps properly
belong to George IV's reign, their best
¦work having been accomplished before
Victoria's time), Washington Irving. The
odore Hook, Lever, George Eliot, Bulwer
(Lord Lytton). Swinburne, Emerson, Bry
ant. Whlttier. Thomas Carlyle. Browning.
Captain Marryat. Southey. Channlng,
James Russell Lowell. Macaulay. George
Meredith. Hood. Alnsworth, Oliver Wen
dell Holmes, Reade et a!.— a' brilliant list,
of which any race might and would be
proud.
The civil war between Spain and Portu
gal was In progress when Victoria ascend
ed the throne. This was succeeded by the
opium war between England and China;
the disaster (followed by war)* in Afghan
istan, when out of 16,000 men, women and
children who set out In midwinter from
Cabul only one survivor reached Jellaha
bad in safety, all the others having suc
cumbed either to the hardships of the ter
rible journey or the bullets of the treach
erous Afghans; the French conquest of
Algeria: the revolutionary outburst in IMS
that shook the monarchical system of Eu
rope to Its foundations: Napolean Ill's
coup d'etat; the Crimean war; the terri
ble Indian mutiny; the Anglo-French war
with China; the war between France and
Austria; the great American civil strife;
the wars between Prussia and Austria;
France and Mexico, Brazil and Paraguay,
France and Germany, Russia and Turkey.
Chile and Peru, France and China and
China and Japan, not to speak of the re
bellion In Canada and other minor cam
paigns in Asia and Africa, all more or less
savage and sanguinary, but too numerous
to mention.
the bluest of blue blood; not even to the
changing of a button on the uniform of
the Prince of Wales, her son, and heir to
her throne. Her experience of Orientals
and their ceremonious customs paved her
from »ven making the slightest lapsus in
her dealings with them.
During Li Hung Chang's tour through
Europe he was received with courteous
empressement by the other rulers whose
courts he vts'ted. Each and all made the
gross mistake o* shaking hands with him
•and treating him almost as an equal.
When the Viceroy was ushered Into Vic
toria's presence chamber she remained
seated, wrapped In the imperial dignity
that has awed mightier men than he. The
intelligent Celestial grasped his position
at once. He groveled to the British Em
press-Queen as he would have groveled
to his maBter, or the Dowager Empress,
; and when the interview was over and he
had bowed himself out backward, he,
deeply impressed, remarked to his en
tourage: "Her Malesty is the only real
monarch of them all."
But, eway from the exigencies of her
court, Queen Victoria was "just a
woman." a simple, benevolent old lady,
who knitted stockings for the children of
her tenants at Balmoral, and took tea and
gossiped familiarly with their mothers, in
teresting herself in their Joys and troubles
and always welcomed for the sunshine
her presence brought Into their homes.
The Empress of India.
In 1876 the addition of Empress 6f In
dia was made to her titles by Disraeli,
who was rewarded with the title of Eari
of Beaconsfleld.
And now having dealt with the person
ality of the sovereign, let us briefly sur
vey the economical and social changes
that ha\*e been effected since her acces
sion, and the cataclysms and upheavals
that have diverted tlie course of the na
tions and transformed the map of the
world.
To begin with, in 1837 the population of
London was only a milHon and a half.
Now the number of persons within tin
metropolitan and city police districts Is
over elx millions. The people, now as
free as we "are, and enjeying as fully the
blessings of self-government, had no vote.
Flogging at the cartwheel was still in
order for both sexes: hanging was the
penalty for the most trivial offenses: men
were Imprisoned for debt; flogging was
in force In the army and navy; women
and children slaved for fifteen hours a
day In the mines; steam was In its in
fancy'; what Is now regarded as the most
ordinary and Indispensable adjuncts to
our comfort and civilization were un
known. . . . .
INCIDENTS OF QUEEN
VICTORIA'S LONG REIGN
1892.
Duke of Clarence died.
Agreement with the United States to ar
bitrate the Behrlns Sea seal fisheries dis
pute.
Gladstone succeeded Salisbury as Pre
mier.
1893.
Queen opened Imperial Institute.
Home rule bill introduced.
Behrlng Sea arbitration awarded ajralr.st
America.
British East Africa Company defeated
ICing of Matabeleland.
1894.
Queen formally Inaugurated the Man
chester ship canal.
Prince Edward of Tork born, June 23.
Rosebery succeeded Gladstone as Pr»
mier. t
1895.
Salisbury succeeded Rosebery.
President Cleveland sent messtaar* to
Britain regarding Venezuelan boundary
dispute.
1896.
Queen received LI Hung Chang.
Queen on the 22d of September had
reigned longer than any British sover
eign.
American demand for Venezuelan arbi
tration.
Jamieson's raid.
Ashantis compelled to accept British
sovereignty.
Kitchener occupied Dongola.
1897.
Queen's diamond Jubilee celebrated.
Senate rejected Anglo-American general
arbitration treaty.
Autonomy of Crete declared fcy powers.
Grand Duchess Tatiar.a of Russia, the
Queen's thirtieth great-great-grandchild,
born.
Revolt of Indian hill tribes on th© Af
ghan frontier.
1898.
Two-cent postage went Into effect be
tween Great Britain and the colonies.
1809.
Dervish force surrendered.
Venezuelan arbitration award a com
promise.
Transvaal declared war October 1L
Colonies rallied to support Britain.
Agreement with America and Germany
for partitlcm of Samca.
1000.
Queen welcomed In Ireland-
International expedition occupied Pe
king.
Primitive expedition against Ashantis.
Australian colonies formed common
wealth of Australia.
Transvaal and Orange. Fre* State move
ment.
1886.
Queen opened Jubilee.
Queen sent 'the Duke of Tork to con
gratulate the Pope upon his ecclesiastical
jubilee.
18S8.
. Queen present at the celebration of the
Prince of Wales' silver weddlncr.
Fisheries treaty with the United States
rejected by the Senate.
Oman Digna defeated near Suaklau
1839.
British collision with Portugal In Sonfft
east Africa.
Samoan conference with the United
States and Germany.
1890.
Portugal yielded to British demands.
Treaty with Germany defining spheres In
Africa and ceding Heligoland to Germany.
Protectorate over Zanzibar assumed.
1891.
Queen reviewed the French fleet.
Osrnan Dlgna completely defeated.
Settlement effected.
RIel rebellion In Canada.
Salisbury succeeded Gladstone as Pre>
rater.
Conouest of Burmah.
Canadian Pacific Railway completed.
1869.
Irish church disestablished, to take ef
fect 1871.
Pacific railway and Suez canal com
pleted.
1870.
. Empress Eugenie visited Queen.
fl Irish land act. f '¦ •
Elementary education act for England
and Wales.
Baker led expedition up the Nile.
1871.
Former Emperor Louis Napoleon visited
Queen.
Treaty of "Washington to settle the Ala
bama question.
Stanley found Livingstone.
Grave condition of Queen's health an
nounced and Prince of Wales had typhoid
fever.
1872. •
Queen present at a thanksgiving for the
Prince of Wales' recovery.
United States obtained the Alabama
award.
Ballot bill passed.
1874.
Disraeli succeeded Gladstone as Pre-
Britaln annexed Fiji Islands.
Ashantl war ended.
1875.
Britain bought Sultan's share In Suez
canal.
1876.
Queen proclaimed Empress of India In
London.
Constantinople conference opened; closed
next year.
1877.
Queen received General Grant.
British took Transvaal Republic
1878.
Britain occupied Cyprus.
Treaty of Berlin.
War against Afghanistan.
1879.
"War against Zulus.
Queen's first great-great-grandchild
born. Princess Charlotte of. Saxe-Meln
lngen. May 12.
Gladstone succeeded Beaconsfleld as
Premier.
Active agrarian movement In Ireland.
Roberts entered Candahar.
Transvaal uprising.
1881.
Queen telegraphed sympathy on Presi
dent Garfleld's death and court went Into
mourning.
British defeated by Boers at Majuba
Hill. Autonomy granted.
Irish land bill passed.
Parnell imprisoned.
Land Leagne manifested.
British evacuated Candahar.
Mahdi revolt- in Soudan.
1882.
Roderick MacLean shot at tha Queen.
Europeans massacred in Alexandria.
War against Arabl Pasha, who was de
feated.
Parnell released.
Lord Cavendish murdered In Dublin.
Irish .National League formed.
18S3.
Queen Injured by flipping on stairs.
1834.
Gordon shut uo In Khartoum.
Franchise bill passed.
1885.
Irish dynamite outrages in London.
Mahdl captured Khartoum.
Gordon killed.
British force withdrew from Soudan.
Death of Mahdl.
British prepared to meet Russian ad
vance on Herat.
Outbreak of Abyssinian -war, ended next
year.
1868.
Disraeli succeeded Derby as Premier.
Reform act for Scotland and .Ireland.
Gladstone succeeded Disraeli.
England's Progress Under the Monarch Who Has
Reached the End of Life's Journey.
THE following is a chronological
record of the historical events
occurring during Queen Vic
toria's reign:
1819.
Future Queen born May 24.
1837.
Accession to the throne June 2\.
1838.
Coronation at Westminster Abbey.
June2S -- 1839.
i Trans-Atlantic steam navigation in
a afadman arrested trying to enter Buck
ingham. Palace.
Anti-Corn League formed.
British forces occupied Kabul.
British took possession of Aden.
1840.
Queen married to Prince Albert, Feb-
n in?ane boy tries to shoot King and
Q Cheap 'postage Introduced In Bngland.
Princess Royal born, later Empress
Frederick, November 21. _,,?•„„ ?„
British and Austrian expedition to
Syria.
Mehemet Ali sue? for peace,
1841.
Sir Robert Peel succeeded Lord Mel
bourne as Premier.
Princo of AVales born. Tsovember 8.
Successful insurrection in Kabul.
British took Canton and Amoy.
1842.
John Francis tried to shoot the Queen.
1 John William Bean pointed a pistol at
the Queen, July 3.
British withdrew from Afghanistan.
Hongkong ceded to England.
Chinese ports opened.
British took Boer republic In Natal.
1843.
Princess Alice Maud Mary born,
Sclnde" annexed to British India.
1844.
The Queen and Prince Albert visited
the Kins and Queen of France.
Prince Alfred born, August 6.
Louis Philippe visited the Queen, Au
1845.
Seals of the Colonial Office given to Mr.
Gladstone. ..
England and France made war on the
Dictator of the Argentine Republic.
Outbreak of the first Sikh war.
1846.
Princess Helena born. May 25.
Anglo-American treaty settling nortn
west boundary of the United States.
Great famine in Ireland.
Corn laws repealed.
Sikhs defeated; ceded territory to East
India Company.
1847.
Queen headed cash famine subscription.
1848.
Princess Louise born. March 18.
Queen and Prince Albert visited fugitive
French royal family at Claremont.
Great Chartist demonstration in Lcn-
Insurrection In Ireland attempted.
Outbreak second Sikh war.
Orange River sovereignty proclaimed.
Boers established Transvaal republic.
1849.
Hamilton fired at Queen.
Queen first visited Ireland.
Blkhs defeated. t '. v .i
Punjaub annexed to British India.
1850.
Prince Arthur born. May 1.
Robert Pate attacked Queen with stick.
Clayton-Bulwer treaty concluded.
Taiping rebellion, China.
Queen opened great exposition.
Burmah provoked British hostilities.
Gold found In Australia.
1852.
First Derby ministry succeeded Russell
administration.
Aberdeen succeeded Derby.
London protocol on succession In Den
mark and Schleswig-Holstein.
British victors In Burmah.
Pegu acquired.
Prince Leopold born. April 7.
Royal family visited Ireland.
1854.
Crimean war formally begun by the dec
laration of England and France against
Russia.
British-Japanese treaty.
British permitted Orange River repub
lic
Commander McClur© accomplished
northwest passage. ;¦ k .
1855.
French Emperor and Empress visited
Queen at Windsor, and the visit was re
turned in Paris.
Palmerston succeeded Aberdeen as l*re-
m LivIngstone discovered Victoria Falls.
1856.
Treaty of Paris ended Crimean war.
Oude annexed to British India.
Outbreak of the second war of England
against China.
Persians occupied Herat, Involved In
war with Government of India, success
fully ended by the British the next year.
1857. *
Outbreak of Indian mutiny. _
Canton occupied by British and French.
Princess Beatrice born April 14.
1858.
Second Derby Ministry succeeded Palm
ei Hebrew disability In Britain removed,
Indian mutiny virtually suppressed and
Government transferred from East India
Company to the Crown.
Treaty with China,
Queen congratulated American Presi
dent over new trans-Atlantio cable Aug-
US , t£5L 1859.-
Queen's first grandchild, now Emperor
William III, born January 27.
Palmerston succeeded Derby as Premier
in D?fncultles with China.
Invitation of President Buchanan for
Prince of Wales to Visit America accept
ed by the Queen. '
Anglo-French expedition occupied P»
klns - 1861. .•;'.' "-;.,>
Duchess of Kent, Queen's mother, died.
Queen's third visit to Ireland.
Prince Consort died December 3L
England, France and Spain sent fleets
to Mexico. 1862 .
United States granted British demand
for release of Mason and Slidell.
v , :r- 1863.
Prince of Wales married March 10.
France declared war on Mexico. Eng
land and Spain withdrew forces.
Britain renounced protectorate over
Ionian Islands.
Baker discovered Lake Albert Xyanza.
Measures taken to suppress Fenians In
Ireland. "
Palmerston died. -
¦ Russell Premier for ¦ the second time.
1866.
Queen thanked George Peabody, Amer?
lean philanthropist, for gifts to London
PJ Fenlans attempted '• Invasion of Canada.
Russell resigned. * . .
Third ' Derby Ministry. ¦.-•
Successf til establishment of telegraphy
between Europe and. America.
;1887.
Fenian Insurrection In Ireland, Domin
ion of Canada constituted. Reform act
CHRONOLOGICAL RECORD
OF THE QUEEN'S REIGN
ARMY AT MATTILA
IS IN GOOD CONDITION
MacArthur Makes Prompt and Satis
factory Beply to General Cor
bin's Inquiry.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— In view of the
debate In the Senate over the alleged
drunkenness and licentiousness in the
Philippines and lack of definite Informa
tion as to tha condition of affairs In the
respects mentioned Adjutant General Cor
bin, on the 16th lnst., cabled General Mac-
Arthur at Manila as follows:
Telegraph the condition of the army in Ma
nila and elsewhere In tho Philippines with ref
erence to drunkenness and use of Intoxicating
liquors. Are disorderly houses licensed pro
tected or in any way encouraged by the mili
tary authorities? CORB1N.
General MacArthur replied as follows:
MANILA, Jan. 17.— Adjutant General, Wash
ington: With reference to your telegram of
the 16th, drunkenness In this army ]g no more
noticeable here than in garrisons In the United
States; considering the whole rorce as a
unit probably very . much less, in Manila
'drunken men are very noticeable. The effect
of one drunkard in a public place creates the
Impression among citizens of extensive disor
ders throughout the whole force, which Is not
llio case." The army Is in splendid condition
and a high state of efficiency, doing the hard
est kind of service in a most faithful and ln
rrirlng manner. Disorderly/houses are not li
censed protected or encouraged.
MACARTHUR.
Strike Is Ended.
FLORENCE,' Colo., Jan. 19.— The strike
of the millmen of Florence was settled
to-day. President: Garman of the State
Federation of Labor, who has been here In
conference with both sides, announced to
night that the mill managers had signed
an agreement granting the main demands
of the men. including the eight-hour day
and the union wage scale./ The mills will
resume work at once. ..The agreement Is
for one year.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The report
from Havana that the Cuban constitution
may be completed In time to be consid
ered at this session of Congress has led
to discussion in Washington circles as to
the procedure likely to be adopted on a
document of this character. It is expect
ed that the constitution will be forwarded
to the President and by him submitted
to Congress, probably with recommenda
tions. In the House the understanding
prevails that any action on tho subject
would be framed by the InBUlar Commit
tee, but it is not clear what action. If
any, la called for relative to the constitu
tion of what is held to be foreign terri
tory, except as It contains provisions re
garding the United States. Chairman
Cooper of the Insular Committee says It
would not be for Congress to pass upon
or ratify the constitution, as it la for the
Cubans to do this for themselves. He
thinks It probable, however, that a de
claratory resolution could be framed, ex
pressing the views of Congress as to the
sufficiency of the constitution In insuring
a stable and pacific government for Cuba,
and perhaps laying down the general plan
of turning over the island affairs to the
Cubans as soon as their constitutional
system is put into practice.
In this, however, the purpose would not
be so much to pass on the constitution
as to see that the United States pledges
of a pacific government were carried out.
In case the constitution provides for an
American protectorate, or gives other pro
visions relating to the United States, spe
cial action might be required bevond the
mere resolution approving the system pro
posed.
Chairman Knox of the Committee on
Territories expressed the belief that there
is not the slightest chance of advancing
the constitution bo that it can be con
sidered at this session of Congress, and
he expects a Fabian policy by which the
Cubans will slowly perfect their system,
and the United States will gradually de
termine upon the ultimate relations which
are to exist between this country and
Cuba.
May Be Presented for Con
sideration at This
Session. *
the- truth will be annonunced to the na
tion. The extreme weakness of her Maj
esty and the loss of her faculties ap
pear to be at present the chief causes
of anxiety. Stimulants are being freely
administered.
In the opinion of those best qualified to
Judge, the Queen's present serious con
dition was precipitated by intense worry
over the losses and hardships suffered by
the British troops In South Africa. Fre
quently she has remarked to the court
attaches that another war would kill
her. ,
In this connection Reuter's Telegram
Company learns that she was most se
riously 11! while at Balmoral In the au
tumn. No word of this became public,
but it appears that she was then, almost
dying, though that rigorous etiquette
which she imposes alike upon her family
and attendants prevented her condition
even being spoken of as dangerous. The
present stroke Is a sequel to that which
occurred at Balmoral. If she survives it
she will not only be the longest-lived
monarch in England's history, but also
possessed of the most marvelous consti
tution of which woman- was ever en
dowed. Locally It i3 taken to be a coin
cidence that Sunday is the anniversary
of the death of Prince Henry of Batten
berg, for whom special memorial ser
vices are always held.
The arrival of the Prince oft Wales at
Osborne this evening, accompanied by
Home Secretary Ritchie, and the arrival
of the Princess of "Wales at 10 o'clock
to-night, occasioned no scenes of any kind.
They embarked upon the royal yacht Al
berta, and went up the little river sepa
rating Cowes from Osborne. Entering
royal carriages they were, driven through
the half gale which prevailed straight- to
the royal residence.
Mr. Ritchie, It Is understood, was es
pecially summoned to supervise the de
tails of the handing over to the Prince
of Wales the necessary authority to
transact state business.
Though no announcement of this trans
fer appears to be constitutionally neces
sary, or likely to be made, the tiny town
of Cowes, and, across the Medina 'River
separating them, East Cowes, are both
filling up with correspondents from all
parts of the world, and rents have risen
to fabulous prices.
Fearful sorrow, not unmixed with ex
pectation. Is written broadly upon every
face. That official secrecy which stops
all callers at the lodge gates does not
serve to mitigate the peneral dread that
pervades the Islands. Located almost as
Key West Is to the United States, they
hold in their 'bosom the most precious
and revered personality that a nation ever
worshiped, and It is the general Impres
sion that forty-eight hours will bring the
crisis of that feeble life upon which so
many International threads hang. The
country women paused In their Saturday
night shopping tours to pray that the
hand from death might be stayed from
falling on the big house over the Medina
River, but their prayers find little echo
in hope, for those who have seen the
Queen down here say she was only a
Fhadow of death. Yet the policeman ree
fers all callers to the bulletins and says
to all mechanically, "Slight Improve
ment." The dread word "paralysis" Is
carefully kept from the nation.
FATE OF CUBA'S
NEW CONSTITUTION
THE SAIN ]: R AXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
EVENTS OF THE VICTORIAN ERA IN BRITISH HISTORY
Continued from Page 'Thirteen.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S IB0HW1LL
25
A pile cure which Is painless and harm-
Jess but aJToris inirae<Uate relief and In
jnost cases a cornplete cure In a very
short time is sold by druggists under the
r.ame of Pyramid Pile Cure.
It Is In suppository form, to be applied
6t nigfct and its regular use has cured
thousands of obstinate, long Btandlng
c "-,«=e« end It seems to be equally effective
ir"a'"i'*he various forms of piles, whether
lt'e v 'l*-g bleeding or protruding.
The Pvramld Pile Cure allays the in-
flammation .ind intolerable Itching, re-
iu-es the little tumors, and its astringent
properties cause the enlarged blooa ves-
llls ito contract to a normal, healthy con-
di A°Baltlmore gentleman relates his ex-
r>«-ri«»nc«» in these words:
"It affords me unusual pleasure to add
my indorsement to those of others rela-
tive to the really remarkable cures made
for y^ars until told by
ft fellow salesman or the Pyramid Pile
Cure. . _ .
"It has f-ntlrely cured me, ana i cneer-
fUlly send this for publication If you wish
to use ft in that direction. I wish you
would send roe one of your little books on
cause ar.d cure of piles; I cesire to shoxv
It to some friends. '
Aev sufferer from p!le« may use the
PvrEir.ld with certainty that It will give
inVtant relief and its regular use a per-
manent cure, ii nd the further assurance
that It contains no cocaine, morphine or
other metallic or mineral poison.
All druggists 6*11 the Pyramid Pile Cure
et £0 cents pt*r package.
A little book on cause and cure of piles
¦will be mailed free by addressing the
Pyramid Drue Co. of Marshall, Mich.
\7ticli 3£ay Be Tried at
Small Expense.
A Discovery for the Cure of Piles
COSTS BUT LITTLE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism Cured by a Simple Remedy That You May
Try Without Spending a Cent— Cured Many Gases
' of 30 and 40 Years' Standing.
82 Years of Afts. Bntlrely Cared of Rhturn itism After Having Suffered 42 Years*
On the theory "that welng is bellerlns.** he purchased more, and the result was aston-
,oha Smith of M«lwanW ? ™oji .very I-MnfcJH. rSUTJ^SaT^ £& 'EX
ona to try b\a remedy for the cure of rheu- Umf) he j^ fceen , endlnK ont j^, .ampto
matlsm at his expense. For that reason ne packages to all who apply. It cured Miss
proposes to distribute 25,000 free sample Emma Callender at Xo. 130 Oak at., Vincennea.
packages among all persons sending' him their Ind., who. after spending; over 500 dollars with
address. Mr. Smith has suffered all the agony doctors, had been given up to die. In Fros-
and torture from rheumatism, tried all the ser. Nebr., It curort Mm. Carl Morlts. a lady
remedies known and yet utterly failed. to find of 67, who had suffered 53 years. In Fountain
relief. City, Wla., It cured Hon. Jacob Sexauer. a
At times ha was so -helpless that ha had gentleman of 70, who nuffered for 33 years.
to take morphine and after considerable doc- Rev. C. Sund of Harrtsville. \V1>»., tested this
torlng he grave up In despair. He began remarkable cure on two members of his con-
itudyins Into the causes of rheumatism and rregatlon, one . who had suffered \Y and the
after much experimenting he finally hit upon other S years: both were completely cured,
a combination of drugs which completely cured Even prominent physicians had to admit that
him. The result was so beneficial to his en- "Gloria Tonic" Is a positive success, among
tire system that he called his new-found rem- them Dr. Qulntero of the University of Ven-
edy "Gloria Tonic" Those of his friends and exuela. to whom it was recommended by the
relatives and neighbors suffering from rheu- United 8tates Consul. In thousands of other
matlsm were next cured, and Mr. Smith con- Instances the result has been the same. It
eluded to offer his remedy to the world. But cured many cases which defied Hospitals,
he found the task a difficult one. as nearly Drugs, Electricity and Medical Skill, aaor.j
everybody had tried a hundred or more reme- them persons over 75 years old.
dies and they couldn't be made to believe that Mr. Smith will sen* a trial package abso-
there was such a thing as a cure for rheums.- lutely* free of charge to any reader of The
tslm. But an old gentleman from Sesuln. Sunday Call, for he is anxious that everybody
Texas, wrote him saying If Mr. Smith would should profit by his good fortune. It Is a re-
sendjhlm a sample he would try It.. but as he markable remedy and there is no doubt but
had suffered over forty yean and wasted a that It will cure any case of rheumatism, no
fortune with doctors and advertised remedies, matter how severe It may be. ilr. Smith's
he wouldn't buy anything: more until h» knew address in. full is JOHJJ A. SMITH. 1CM GSIt-
It was worth something-. Th* sample was sent, MANIA BUX3.. MILWAUKEE. WI3.Miss Lillian Homer, who has been tour
ing Europe and the States extensively for
the past year, has returned and will re
ceive on the flrj-t and third Thursdays at
her home. 2223 California street.
Miss Nellie A. Sullivan, who has been
traveling in Europe for the past seven
months, is spending the winter In Nlca
and Monte Carlo.
Dr. and Mra. J. S. Green will receive
this afternoon and evening at their resi
dence. 1443 Fifth street. Alameda.
Mrs. J. Levy of Lakeport Is visiting her
parents. Mr. and Mrs. William Wolff of
1315B Ellis street, where she will be
pleased to receive her friends.
II. A. Boat wick sailed on the steamer
Sonoma for Honolulu, where he expects
to make a stay of several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Mark E. Levy of Port
Townsend. Wash., arrived in this city last
Thursday and are stopping at the resi
dence of Rabbi and Mrs. M. C. Levy.
Mrs. Albert Klngsford and daughter
Claire have returned after a four months'
visit In New York City.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Lewis Emarttiel
have returned from their southern trip
and will be at home at the Hotel Granada
afternoons and evenings of the first and
third Mondays.
Personals.
given on Tuesday evening. February 5, at
Cotillon Hall.
The Izlngart Cotillon Club will hold its
next assembly at Cotillon Hall Tuesday
evening-, January 23.
bestowed on the succ«8sful contestants.
At a late hour all repaired to th© table,
where, after partaking of a bountiful sup
per, many toasts were offered and re
sponded to. After supper dancing was
again Indulged In till an early hour.
The Lndies' Twentieth Century Whist
Club of San Francisco met at the resi
dence of Mrs. G. W. Arper. 1219 Magnolia
street, 'Oakland, Friday afternoon. Jan
uary 18, and elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: Mra. H. J. Henry,
president; Mrs. J. Roylance. secretary:
Mrs. C. H. Morey, treasurer. Meetings
will be held once every two weeks.
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Goldsmith will be
pleased to see their friends at their resi
dence, 1802 O'Farrell street, on Sunday,
January 27, In honor of the twenty-fifth
anniversary of their marriage. Owing to
the recent bereavement In. the family no
cards have been Issued.
On Wednesday evening, January SO, the
Newport Club will hold its first reception
of the season at Mission Opera Hall. A
delightful time is anticipated. The com
mittee of arrangements is as follows:
Earl Bartlett. Harry M. Locke, George
II. Sandy, E. M. St. Ledger and Charles
B. Trull.
The Astorias announce their thirteenth
assembly Tuesday evening, February 5,
at Golden Gate Hall.
The members cf the Entre Nous Cotillon
will give their fourth assembly and.ger
man on Friday evening. January 25, at
the Palace Hotel. Several new and pret
ty figures of the cotillon will be danced.
Invitations will be issued shortly by the
members of the N. S. L*. "K. 10 for
their twelfth anniversary reception, to be
entertained on Thursday evening, January
10, at their home, 1510 Harrison street.
Lieutenants J. W. McClaskey and O. Kip,
U. S. N., of Washington, D. C.
Club Parties. \
On Friday evening, January 11, the
"Newport Club" entertained Its lady
friends at a delightful theater party given
In honor of Its first anniversary. An elab
orate repast followed at a downtown res
taurant. Those attending were: Misses
Elsie Bohn, Marie Bonifleld, Blanche Ed
wards, Rena Fauve. Estelle Kahn, Pearl
Johnson, Mabelle Morrison, Hilda Mor
rison, Mae Parkersburg, Janette Prohl,
Daisy M. Rogers and Maud Tates;
Messrs. Earl Bartlett, August Cooper,
J. C. Edwards. Dr. S. L. Goldstein. Har
ry M. Locke. Ray Morrison. Jack Rogers.
George H. Sandy, Will Stack. E. M. St.
ledger, Charles B. Trull, Dr. A. M.
Trlpp.
The fifteenth assembly of the Deux
Temps was held at Golden Gate Hall
last Friday evening. Despite the
weather, the dance was well attended.
The hall was handsomely decorated. The
march was led by Al Schoenfeld and Miss
Erma Alexander. The floor was un
der the able management of Edgar Getz,
assisted by Joseph Eber.
The Fortnightly Six Double Three gave
Its first at-home of the new century by
entertaining a large party of friends at
the residence of one of Its members on
Jackson street last Tuesday evening. The
guests assembled In the ballroom, which
was elaborately decorated with large silk
national banners and pennants. Some en
tirely original forms of amusement filled
in the time, and appropriate favors were
honeymoon the young couple will reside
at 1806 Eddy street.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Smith of 657 Madi
son ¦treet, Oakland, announce the en
gagement of their daughter Hattle to Ed
ward H. Morrea of San Francisco.
The engagement la announced of Miss
Minnie Feder, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
S. Feder, to Slgmund Cahen. A reception
will bfe held Sunday, January 20, and
Tuesday. January 22. from 2 to 5 p. m., at
1224 Golden Gate avenue.
A reception will be Blven In honor of
the engagement of Miss Hattle Cohen and
Jacob Turkman at the family residence,
S16 Jessie street, Sunday, January 27, from
2 to 5 p. m_
Wedding Bells.
A very pretty wedding occurred on the
evening of January 13 at 7 o'clock when
Miss Gertrude L. Ritchie became the wife
of Charles EX Shields, The wedding took
place at St. Francis Church. Rev. Father
McMahon performing the ceremony. Tha
bride was gowned In white organdie over
white silk. Her costume was completed
with a long tulle veil fastened with or
ange blossoms. George A. Shields waa
best man and Miss Annie Campbell offi
ciated as bridesmaid. A supper followed
the ceremony at the residence of the
groom, 844 Howard street. Mr. and Mrs.
Shields received many handsome and val
uable presents. The happy couple left
for Southern California, where the honey
moon will be spent. Later they will make
their home in this citv.
Last Sunday evening at 7 o'clock Roy F.
Oakley of this city and Miss Marguerite
E. Kelgho of San Rafael were quietly
married at the home of William Lannon,
2130 O'Fafrrell street. Rev. Father Welch
of St. Dominic's parish performing the
ceremony. Harry E. Jarman of San Jose
acted as best man and Miss Anita Kelgho,
sister of the bride, was bridesmaid. The
couple were the recipients of many hand
some gifts. After returning from Monte
rey, where they will spend their honey
moon, Mr. and Mrs. Oakley will reside at
941 Oak street. Miss Marguerite E. Kelgho
is one of San Rafael's fairest daughters
and Roy Oakley Is from San Jose, but for
the past five years has been identified with
the men's furnishing goods trade of this
city.
Home Gatherings.
The family of Morris Levy -met at hla
residence, 830 Broderlck street, on Satur
day evening, January 12, to celebrate the
anniversary of his birth. At midnight a
bountiful repast was partaken of at which
toasts were made by Ills son, Eugene W.
Levy, W. J. Tuska and others.
A very pretty violet luncheon was re
cently given by the young lady graduate*
of the Girls' High School under the direc
tion of Miss Mary Blake, president; Mi39
Mabel McFadden, treasurer; Miss Eliza
beth F. Sullivan, secretary. The hall waa
decorated with ferns, ootted plants and
smilax and the tables were arranged In
the form of a square, which Inclosed an
immense fan palm. Tlie souvenirs were
dainty bunches of violets clapped with
pretty pins. Among fhose Invited were:
Klisha Brooks. Mrs. Mary Prae, Mis'?
Helen Thompson. F. Goldstein, G. Mitch
ell. Miss Mary Rlake. Misa Mabel Mc-
Fadden Miss Elizabeth Sullivan, Miss
Lucy Hall, Miss Addi«» Casamajou, MIs3
Lucille O'Connell. Misa Mary Kryne, Miss
Blanche Curry, Mtss Maude Cornish, Mis.i
Dora Wolters, Miss 3Cthel Perkins, Misa
Laura Call, Miss Rebe McFeely, Mra.
M. Robinson, Mrs. D. Crane, Miss Flor
ence Hess, Miss Pauline Coblentz, Miss
Krnily Coey, Miss Theresa Klopstock and
Miss Get tie Stoddard.
Mrs. W. H. Dunlap gave a birthday
party in honor of the seventh anniversary
of her son, "WIllar<i Karl Dunlao, on Sat
urday, January 12. at her residence, 213
Sanchez street. The affair was replete
with enjoyment, being participated In by
quite a happy coterie of children, who
were gladdened with music, danclngr.
games, refreshments and a charming
souvenir suitable to the occasion. The
decorations were unique and artistic.
Those present were: Shirley and Marion
Gray, Claro and Florence Richardson,
May and Eddie Donlan, Gertrude Dohney,
Kvelyn, L«eonette and Ada Cavalll, Alice
Nunan, Mrytle Mitchell. "Willard Karl
l>unlap, Ernest Langenbach, Felton Mor
ris. Ernest and George Goasen, Robert
Brown, Harry Knubel, Harold "Waters.
George Noonan, Herman Arst, Joe and
Jack Hornlein. Austin Teel and Harold
Dunlap.
The Misses Hannah and Agnes Murphy
, geon. After installation the members
went to a rotisserie where a first-class
supper, for the Nationals never have any
thing that is not first-class, was served.
During the evening' there was the pre
sentation of an elegant gold and diamond
set badge to D. F. Nunan, the retiring
past president; addresses by Grand Sec
retary Lunstedt. H. Pernau. D. D. G. P.:
"William Hobro Jr., Past Presidents \Y.
J. Snook, P. G. Du Puy and Colonel
Charles Boxton, a cakewalk by profps
sionals, songs byj. B. VliitmoVe srif't
grandson of Commodore Sloat, and music
by an orchestra.
Greenwood Parlor of Greenwood at its
meeting on the 11th Inst. initiated a can
didate. The parlor was organized about
two months ago.
American Companions.
During the past week Grand Sub Chief
Companion Miss Alice Ticoulet paid three
official visits to circles, namely. Bay City,
Palo Alto and- Hamlet, the first two in
this city and the last named In Alameda.
At Bay City the hall was tastefully deco
rated and there were present many of
the member of the order, who witnessed
the Initiation of two candidates In a man
ner that won the admiration of all pres
ent. The visiting sub chief delivered a
logical address that was full of good sug
gestions, and she was followed by Grand
Treasurer Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee, Grand
Trustee Mrs. Helena Worms and many
of the visitors, after which the circle, to
show Its appreciation of the work for the
order and circle of the grand sub chief,
presented her a beautiful vase. Thera
was also the presentation of a gold badge
to Past Chief Companion Miss Bessie Bor
ren. There was a social hour and a colla
tion. »
At the second visit the officers' of Palo
Alto were Installed and there was a mock
Initiation to show how well the new offl
cers were up In their work. There were
addresses by the grand sub chief. Grand
Treasurer Mrs. Kemp Van Ee, Grand
Trustees Mrs. Worms and Mra. Jennie
Weisel, Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Agnes Harrington and Mrs. Don-
Ian, grand organist. The business of tho
evening was rushed through to serve lea
cream end cakes.
Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Har
rington has instituted a new circle at
Grass Valley with the largest number of,
names on a petition that has ever before
Ueen presented for a charter. It had upon
It sixty-three names. Fifty-one of the ap
plicants were Initiated on the night of the
institution and the others are to be in
itiated at the next meeting, together with
several others who have since applied for
admission. The Instituting officer was as
sisted by Mrs. Tremaine of Freedom Clr
cle of Nevada City and a number of the
members of that circle. After the cere
mony a collation was served. The offlcers
of the new circle are: T. F. Blake. C. C:
Mamie McBrath, S. C; Lizzie Steele. H.
G. ; Annie Williams. L. G.: Alice Guerln.
I. G.; A. Vivian. O. G.; John P. Oliver.
Tr.; Emily Collins, F. S.; Ada Temby, R.
B.: T. Stewart, Mrs.' Haub and Mrs. Ste
vens, trustees: Dr. J. Jones, physician. On
the day following the installation a ban
quet waa tendered • the instituting officer,
and at its close she was presented a beau
tiful silver pitcher In appreciation of her
visit to put the petitioners on the proper
fraternal road.
The Rebekahs.
The offlcers of Mission Rebekah Lodge
were Installed In private on the night of
the 11th inst. by Mrs. Cyrus, D. D. P.,
and her corps of offlcers. After the in-
Etallation there was presented by Grand
Master Watson on behalf of the lodge a
beautiful emblematic pin to Miss Parthe
nta Burkhardt. the retiring past grand,
and Mrs. L. B. Holcomb presnted a past
grand collar to Mrs. W. W. Watson, the
outgoing noble gTand, one of the most
gracious ladles who ever filled such a
t.ositicn, and then Dr. Frost surprised
Past Grand Mrs. Willlston by presenting
her on behalf of the lodge a very hand
some collar to replace one that was dam
aged by the rain on the day of the Odd
Fellows' Golden Jubilee procession. A
banquet followed the presentations.
On the night of the 26th Walhalla Re
bekah Lodge will give an entertainment
and dance In its hall in the Odd Fellows'
building, on which occasion an interest
ing programme will be presented.
In Druids' Groves.
Templar Grove No. 19 of the United An
cient Order of Druids will celebrate the
thirtieth anniversary of Its institution by
a ball in Union Square Hall on the night
of the 26th inst.
The P^t Arch Association No. 1 will
slve Its first grand ball on the night of
Saturday, February 2, in Union-square
Hall.
Noble Grand Arch Lange, In company
of a number of the past arches of St.
Helena Grove, paid an official visit to Wil
liam Tell and Fraternity groves in Napa,
meeting in Masonic Hall, which was
crowded with members of the order from
both cities. Two strangers received the
first degree, a?ter which the noble grand
arch delivered a very logical address,
which was responded to by George Cald
well of Fraternity Grove. A banquet and
a general good time followed the meeting-.
Olympla Grove at Its last held meeting
Initiated four strangers. Mayfleld Grove
received a like number by initiation, flut
ter Creek Grove added ten to Its member
ship by Initiation and received six peti
tions, and Mendocino Grove at a recent
special meeting initiated fourteen strang
ers. From the reports that are being re
ceived the indications are there will be a
good increase showing presented at the
next session of the Grand Grove,
At the recent initiation of candidates in
Sutter Creek Grove. Past Arches 8. Cam
panella and V. A. Marlnl of Jackson
Grove, Jackson, were present to assist the
offlcers of the new grove.
During the month of November Mendo
cino Grove initiated twelve strangers and
since then fourteen, making twenty-six In
all to date.
Hartnagle S. A. Chapter No. 3 at Its
meeting on the Hth Inst. admitted eight
by initiation and received several proposi
tions for membership. .
• On the night of the 25th Inst. the Past
Arches' Association will pay a fraternal
visit to Laurel Grove. It is expected that
a large membership will greet the vis
itors.
Past Noble Grand Arch George W. Lovie
is recoving from a severe attack of
pneumonia.
El Dorado Circle has reopened its char
ter and the .members propose to make a
grand effort to Increase the membership.
Brothers Martinoni and Gosh have of
fered a beautiful emblematic medal to the
one who shall bring in the greatest num
ber of strangers In excess of fourteen. :
Golden Gate Circle at its last held meet
ing Initiated one stranger.
With the Native Sons.
The offlcers of that' wide awake parlor.
The Nationals, were installed on ' the
night of the thirteenth anniversary of
its institution. The offlcers inducted into
office are: J. F. SUvey, P. P.; George W.
Koch. P.; R. L. Radke.W. O. Dixon and
William Patterson, V. P's.; James ; B.
Whlttemore. M. ; William Larkins. F. S. ;
W. V. Dougherty, F. 8.; P.O. Du Puy.Tr.;
D. F. Nunan, E. D. . Knight and Fred
Krueer, trustees; Dr. N. ~ Rodgers,' eur-
McKee W.; William Rotrosky. C; L. A.
O. Hoffman, I. G.; W. G. Benn. R. S. to N.
G.; Samuel Hfrtop, L. S. to N. G.; James
E. Lloyd. R. S. to V. G.; Arnold Garlitz,
L. S. to V. G.; H. W. Quitzow, E. S. S.;
J. J. Young, L. S. S.
tUITE th« most charming de
butante of the season made
her initial bow to society when
Miss Sophie Pierce, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce.
was formally presented to her
mother's large circle of friends
at an "at home" given yesterday after
noon at the Pierce home at 1730 Jackson
street. The hours for the reception were
from 4 till 7. Those who assisted Mrs.
Pierce in receiving were: Mrs. Cyru>
Walker. Mm. A. J. Pope, Mrs. H. L.
Dodge, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Mrs. A.
P. Talbot, Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Mrs. F. A.
1 Frank, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs. Keyes,
Mrs. A. N. Talbot. Mrs. G. A. Pope. Mrs.
Charles Josselyn, Mrs. Henry F. Dutton,
Mrs. J. D, Fry, Mrs G. Martin, Miss
Mary Scott. Miss Lucy King, Miss Salis
bury, the Misses Morgan, the Misses Caro
lan, the Misses Spreckels, Miss Taylor,
Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Anna Voorhles,
Miss Brig-ham, MIes Blakeman, Misa
Elena Robinson and Miss Breokenrldge.
A number of dinners have recently been
given complimentary to Miss Edna Hop
kins end W. H. Taylor Jr., who are to be
married the middle of next month. Cap
tain and Mrs. W. H. Taylor gave a din
ner in their honor on Wednesday evening,
January 16, at their home. 2701 California
Btreet. The thirty-six guests were seated
at three large tables, each of which was
decorated in a different color. An orches
tra discoursed music and later the guests
were entertained with a vaudeville per
formance. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope, Mr. and
Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Miss Georgia Hop
kins, Miss Frances Hopkins. Miss Caro
lan. Miss Genevieve Garolan, Miss Edith
McBean, Misa Taylor, Miss Mary Scott.
Mias Cadwalader, Miss Lillie Spreckels,
Miss Ella Morgan, Miss Cora Smedberg.
Miss Schuster, E. W. Hopkins. Harry
eimpkins. Dr. Harry Tevis, E. M. Green
way, Thomas Breeze, W. R. Heath, Harry
Poett, Samuel H. Boardman. Lawrence
E. Scott, Frank L. Owen. Walter S. Mar
tin, A. H. Wilcox, Harry N. Stetson,
Fred W. McNear and Phil Tompklns.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott also gave
a dinner party at their residence, corner
of Laguna and Clay streets, on Friday
evening, January 11, in honor of Miss
Edna liopkins and W. H. Taylor Jr. The
rooms were beautifully decorated, and the
guests, some twenty-six In number, were
teated at two round tables, which were
artistically ornamented with orchids, and
during the evening a string orchestra dis
coursed music. Those invited to meet
Miss Hopkins and Mr. Taylor were: Mr.
and Mrs. Augustus Taylor. Miss McBean,
Miss Carolan, Miss Genevieve Carolan,
Miss Frances Hopkins, Miss Georgia Hop
'kins. Miss Caro Crockett, Miss Kittle,
Miss Linda Cadwalader, Miss Carrie Tay
lor, Miss Mary Scott. Walter Martin.
Lawrence E. Scott, E. M. Greenway, Ger
ald Rathbone, Fred W. McN'ear, Samuel
H. Boardman, Harry N. Stetson, Frank
L. Owen. A. H. Wilcox and Harry Scott.
The second meeting of "La Jeunesse" I
Cotillon was held on Friday night, Janu
ary 11, at Native Sons' Hall, on Mason
street, and was largely attended. The
guests and members were received by the
lady patronesses—Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mrs.
J. W. McClung, Mrs. A. W. Foster, Mrs.
W. A. McKittrldc and Mrs. A. H. Voor
h'.PS. Several unique army and navy fip
urea wore arranged by Lieutenant J. P.
Mains, who came tip from San Diego for
the occasion, und among those in the first
sot of tho cotillon were Miss Anna Voor
hies, the Misses Frances and Georgie Hop
kins. Miss Florence Whittell, Miss Anita
Meyers, Miss Alma McClung, Miss Alice
Masten, Miss Katharine • Glass, Miss
Bertha Goodrich. Miss Elise Gregory, Miss
Mary Fester, Miss Marie Wilson. Miss
Frances Allen. Miss Eleanor Morrow, Miss
Jessie Wright, Miss FJorence Brower,
Miss Ardella Mills, Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood, Miss Bessie Mills. Miss Lleb, Miss
Florence Park and Miss Redmond. The
next meeting- of "I>a Jeunesse" will take
place at Native Sons' Hall on Friday, Feb
ruary 8.
They're Engaged.
The weddlr.c of Miss Nettle Morris,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Morris, and
Louis Etting will take place this
afternoon at 2 o'clock, at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 755 McAllis
ter street. Upon their return from their
IN SOCIETY
An application has been received for a
warrant to have a new canton of the Pa
triarchs Militant at Napa.
The following named have been Installed
as officers of Templar Lodge: Thomas B
W. Leland, A. P. G.: W. G. Griffith. N. G •
Fred W. Stowell, V. G.; J. M. McQueen
reoordins secretary: C. F. O'Nell. finan
cial secretary: C. A. Sumner, B. Searle
and Charles II. Mason, trustees; Samuel
The decree team of Salinas Lodge will
visit the lodge at King City to install its
offlcers and confer degrees on candidates.
The grand secretary will be present
Brlgradler General H. O. Brower P M
and staff will muster In the new' canton
of the Patriarchs Militant recently or
ganized at Vallejo. This will take place
on the 2d of February. A number of chev
aliers from Oakland and this city will be
in attendance.
Last Monday Grand Master W. W Wat
son paid an official visit to California
Lodpe, and on Wednesday he visited
Farnsworth Lodg-e. His address in each
lodge was a remarkable variation from
the addresses of previous officers in that
position, and they were listened to with
marked attention and profit. They were
very favorably commented upon
Grand Secretary Shaw was a special
guest at the Installation ceremonies of
the subordinate and the Rebekah lodge;)
at Antioch last week, and he was a guest
of .honor at the grand banquet that fol
lowed.
The following named were installed In
private by District Deputy Northrup as
the officers of Morse Lodge: Thomas
Fisher, P. G.; Mark Devlne. N. G.; J H
Branstedt. V, G.; C. Blind, R. S.; J M
Wilson. F. S.; H. Spellman, treasurer; j!
E. Wilson. R. 6. to N. G.; A. L. Selling
L. S. to N. G.; G. A. Elander. R. S. to V
G.; A Peterson. L. S. to V. G. ; L. Wildear
C; John Greenless, W.; John Temple, C;
Robert Burns, orpanist.
The officers of Spartan Lodge have been
Installed by District Deputy Grand Mas
ter A. J. Stychc.
Golden Gate Encampment has Btarted
out well with the new year. Its new chief
patriarch, F. L. Turpin, on the night of
installation presented two petitions and
Intimated that there- were more coming
Under his administration he will do what
he can to make Golden Gate the largest
encampment in the jurisdiction. The new
officers for the current term are: F L.
Turpin, chiefpatriarch; 8. J. Haywards
high priest; W. P. Humphreys Jr., senior
warden; F. E. Hlggins, junior warden; C.
B. Benedict, treasurer; Henry C. George
scribe; Charles A. Stahle. guide; A. H.
Breckwoldt. first watch; V. F. Northrup
second watch; John leas, third watch; G.'
A. N. Gall, fourth watch; Dr. W. R. Jam
ison, first guard of the tent; Hezeklah
Down, second g^iard of the tent; H. B
Larsen, Inside sentinuel; J. C. Norman
outside Bentlnel. Canton No. 5 assisted
at the Installation. After the ceremonies
there was an excellent banquet. Grand
Scribe Barnes delivered an eloquent ad
dress.
The public installation of the officers of
Parker Lodge last Wednesday night at
tracted the attention of an audience that
crowded Memorial Hall to Us limit. The
installation ceremony was, In a very Im
pressive way, conducted by District
Deputy Grand Master V. F. Northrup,
assisted by J. F. Nichols as grand mar
shal, M. T. Moses as grand warden. J.
Gibson as grand secretary, A. 1L Breck
woldt at grand treasurer and T. R. Mann
as grand guardian, the latter being at his
post with a glittering sword, which, it is
said, was captured at Manila when Dewey
destroyed the Spanish fleet. The new
officers are: A. A. Friedlander. P. X. G. ;
J. H. Hutaff, N. G.; S. B. Russell, V. G.;
J. M. Murphy, T.; J. F. Nichols, R S.; C.
S. Stemfels. R. S.; A. B. Richet right and
J. Geisman left S. to NT. G.; B. Collins
right and J. H. Cope left S. to V. G. ; Carl
Jacobson, conductor, and W. W. Whan,
chaplain. The new noble grand is a
young man, one very energetic in fra
ternal work, and who, It Is be'leved, will
do much during his term to advance the
interests of Parker Lodge and make it
what It once was, the banner lodge of the
city. During the past term this lodge
made the greatest net gain. After the
Installation there were addreseses by the
district deputy, by M. T. Moses and J.
Gibson, after which tho audience waa en
tertained with music, songs and recita
tions by Miss Sternfels. the Columbia
Quartet. Miss Bessie Northrup and Miss
O.blentz. Then there was dancing and
refreshments.
After the installation of the officers of
Ophlr Lodge No. 17L I. O. O. F.. George
W. Collier, tho retiring noble grand, was
presented by the lodge, through J. B. Rus
sell, a signet ring in token of apprecia
tion of him as a presiding officer and ad
miration of him as ail Odd Fellow. The
presentation speech, an eloquent oratori
cal tribute to the outgoing noble grand,
was feelingly responded to.
The following named offlcers of Golden
West Lodge nave been installed by J.
Thompson, D. D. G. M.: Clarkson Dye,
J. P. G.; J. H. Thrane. N. G.; E. K.
Rountree, V. G. ; E. C. Andrews. R. S.;.W.
H. Manuell. F. S.; F. R. Parker, T.; G. H.
Andrews, W.; J. P. Whitney, I. G.; J. O.
Dunn. O. G.; Louis Schultz. R. S. to N.
G.: E. D. Knight. L. S. to N. G.; R. K.
Schermer, R. S. to V. G.; J. C. Shea, L.
B. to V. G.
Odd Fellows Lodges.
There Is some talk of a new chapter at
Tehachapl In the near future.
first Wednesday for initiation and other
business and the third for social enter
tainment principally. At the last held
meeting four petitions were received and
upon the closing of the chapter the two
hundred and fifty members of th« order
¦who ¦were present were welcomed by the
entertainment committee, consisting of
Miss O'Keefe and Mrs. Lake, who fur
nished a most pleasing night of enjoy
ment. There were games, guessing con
tests and literary and musical numbers.
There were short addresses by John H.
and Mrs, Gray of Ivy Chapter, Mrs. Per
kins, A. W. Lechtl and Frederick Drink
house, an original poem by Mrs. Martha
B. Blade, P. M.; piano selections by
Sophie Newman and Bertha Hobro, reci
tations by Daisy A. Doud and Mae
O'Keefe and vocalizations by Charlotte
Morris and Miss Athearos. This chapter,
though not so strong numerically as some
of the older ones. Is doing good work and
expects In the near future to move onward
for greater popularity.
King Solomon Chapter, under the min
istration of Mrs. Annette Wood, recently
Installed as worthy matron, proposes to
b« In the forefront. Upon the sugges
tion of the matron, who Is anxious that
each meeting shall be Interesting and en
tertaining, It has been decided to have the
Eastern Star.
Faulkner, E. Myron Wolf, George L.
Darling, David Hirshbera; and Madison
Babcock. There waa music by Samuel D.
Mayer, J. R. Ogilvle, J. C. Hughes and
J. R. Jones and instrumental selections
by Samuel Adelsteln.
FRATERNAL
MT the Installation of th« ofilcera
of San Frandico Chapter No.
1 of the Royai Arch Masons
last week Ju<S&« James M.
Troutt, the retiring high
priest, wu the installlne; offi
cer, and he was assisted lrj the
beautiful ceremony by G. H. Urabsen, P.
EL P. The new offlcers axe:
H5rh priest. Charles "Wesley Taber:
king, Brainaxd Xithan Rowley; scribe,
Charle* Campbell Mcl>ougall; treasurer,
Benjamin Harris: secretary. Henry Gil
man Prince; captain of the host. James
Inward Gordon; principal lojoumer,
Gust&ve Gur.tendorfer; royal arch cap
tain. Ernest August Buchse; master third
vail, Thomas Henry Browne; master sec
ond vail, Edward John Vogel; master first
vail, Frank Culver Pa*ue; organist. Theo
core Edward Smith; ruard, Edward Gll
t-eris.
: Th« cerenuonle* over, there was present
ed to the retiring high priest a case of
e'.lver table service and a student's lanoi>
as a token of the high appreciation In
which he Is held by bis fraters. After
that Theodore E. Smith, who for a quar
ter of a century has, been the organist
of the chapter, was presented a set of
silver knives, forks and spoons. This was
followed by an elaborate supper at the
California Hotel, where Judge Troutt
acted as toastmaster. Toasts were re
sponded to by Past Grand High Priest
florin L. Jones, Joseph C. Campbell, M.
S. Eisner, Major E. A. Sherman, L. M.
Hoeffler and G. H. Umbsen.
On the night of the 15th inst. nearly two
hundred fraters witnessed the installation
of the new offlcers of Pacific Lodge of
Free and Accepted Masons in the B'nai
ITrlth Hall. The retiring master. Charles
Jelllnek, was the Installing officer, and
the new officers are; L J. Aschheim. W.
M.; J. P. Kincaid. 6. W.; W. T. Baffgett,
J. W.; J. F. Kennedy, T.; George Pen
itngton. secretary; H. R. Hathaway. M.;
G. L. Darling:. S. £>.; F. L. Hanson, J. D.;
C. E. Daly and A. \V. Turpln, stewards,
and P. Rlgelhaupt, tyier. After the pre
sentation of a beautiful Jewel to the re
tiring master there was an address by
the new master and a banquet, at which
Walker C. Graves was the toastmaster.
The speakers of th« evening were Rev.
J. Voorsajiger, Rev. J. Nieto. Richard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Raphael have returned
from their European trip. Mrs. B. Ra
phael will receive her friends on the last
Thursday of each month at her residence.
1211 Pacific avenue, Alameda.
26
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
WRINKLEST
PIMPLES,
TAN,
Positively prevented by using M*
i k ' n _ *° 0<i ' n LOLA MONTEZ
CREME. This creme removes age
traces, prevents wrinkles, keeps the
skin smooth and healthy thus insur-
laz a complexion, permanently,
beautiful— 75c a Jar. Lasts 3 month*
Soothes and relieves all skin irrita-
tion. Good for insect bites. Jar
75c, all druggists and hairdresser*.
Trial Jar Free
LADIES sending this ad. with lOctj
In stamps, will receive a book of In-
structions and a box of Skin Food
ma Face Powder free.
T^^^Hair Restorer
It Is not a dye, but In a natural way
(t acts on the roots, compelling thi
secretion of the pigments that give
life and color to the hair — in foui
days — $1 a bottle, at all druggisti
tnd hairdressers
SUPERFLUOUS
LI A i D That er«»t«st of nil dis.
Ib f\ f SB '^S^remonts of «. -cro-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ man's face, periaanentlj
removed. In the only snocetafal iiraj
—witk the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, «u
• perated by Mrs. Harrison.
Warts, Freoklet , Molesj Piuplm
and Wrinkle* quickly removed nndei
my pen.ona.1 troatment at xay Dar>
Bratological Parlors.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST
78 and 80 Ceary Street
SAN FRANCISCO
&& NEW STYLES
Straight - Front
44 C0RSETS -
/ Sapphire, Bonton and
I y\r>w3 Royal "Wo!-ce«tep«.
I ( VwJA PRICES: $1.00 t» $15.00
y^/%, 6 GEARY ST.,
// A CORNER KEARNT.
l^xz>j \ '? CHESTER F. WRiGHT,
/Wf'T^JI Royal Worcester Corset -
**—*- ' Flttln« Parlor*.
BPECIAL JAKDAHT BtLE AT St.OO FEE PUB.
Fine lot. some 2000 pairs of new shapes.
Many of them are slightly soiled samples,
Just received from the Chicago wholesale
department. Will be cleared out at (1 a
pair during this month.
a *n ypyR.*T r T g ' t;rM " p '-' WTT ' n
Broken .
Eyeglass
Lffise* mtlaced for 60 crate.
Any AftUrrnatio lesaes <!upUcat«d for f 1.<>O
end fi^.o.
Guaranteed correct and best Quality.
Oculist** pr**cr!ptlcns filled. Factory oti
premises. Quick repalrlEg. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS>rw^APf APPAR «W.
64Z Market 5t. instruments
•JNDtB CHROMtCU BJ'i-O'Kfi. C'«*''-0*" t f D *T.
S| CNtCMrtTTKR'S CROUCH
'imiWNii pills
._£,"~V OrlgiKul and Only BesmlBe.
77"JtvN"'*f*E- Ai»»Ttp»;UM« ].killK.utl>rtrr<<i
** CmCULL^TElf-, rLNGLUH
fVS^WSA^ BED »nd Cold »ulll( tarn, mlrt
£V — - V* i «7*J> •>:«• ribboa. Take !>• otaer. KeTBta
r i "-* %U Davgcreas ScWUtat-'e/ift «ad Jmlu-
I / fW tle»». B1.7 ef your Dro«(iit. or *rr>4 4r. I*
VW fp ~«!" Keller ItrLMUn/uitocr.^r^
Keaios tut \,h\*x. HUUtu tm.rc i IilLA w i-.'Z
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 CO day;
U to ii week; IS to 120 month. Free baths: hot !
• Dd cold water every room: fire grates to ereryij
ssnoxa; elevator roam all night.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and . MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market at., cor. Taylor, rooms
ZS-29. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin ¦ food and tissue builder. .
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It : renden : the skin soft. • ¦¦ - - *¦¦-'¦ - . ¦ . ¦¦-
tiuooth. clear, white and 1
youthful and cures Poison *5*^t\.'K~N
Oak and Eczema. It is a fASaS^sSf'fV
liquid. Any cream of the ;»SSb3«»^SkI
consistency of butter will r5¥SaP*^» ' > '|f
stimulate the growth of Jt'j4i*~ : *#iBs?f< 6 *'
hair on the face. Brah- %wv "% vKfrw
man Toilet Cream is iliHi 1jC3fr!!&n^
guaranteed not to do so. fcSiJv **3rfS5i**
Price 60c. Brahman . H^T^ifo^JfiJBV^
Tooth Powder. 25c. All 1<Vw&aff*£?v3?
druggists and at office of . —--——— ,- ,
A.TW. TRAVERSE. M. t>. , Lar*» stock always
at J. B. Potts'. Drug Co- i
I Iwil ° Ur G!^ ant!c H ALF-PRICB SALE of Rainy-Day IS
I! M^^ffi Dresses, Tramping Dresses and Golf in£ Dresses If
11 Wp^lwA commences Monday at^ 9 a. m. They're all this BS
SI *riP»S\ season's styles and made of specially Imported Si
II )^^^ffli P!ald Back Cloth8 » Eton op Blouse Effects. ft
II •®®fJw'i\ $15.00 styles now $7.KO I $20.00 styles now 910.00 If
11 mMMlUi WiM'^M " 22 -5o styles now .'..91 1- 50 1 $25.00 styles now $12.50 #3
IliHwP^k TAILOR-MADE DRESSES. AlJTO BOX JACKETS. If
laft3£S*s2*ll;'' < ' ¦'-¦^-S2?P! IM.M Blouse Dresses r.ow §12-10 $15.00 Plaid Back Otrr«rt Cloth JacXsst* SB
H| IgyilPilaidLiE^sSglsiis&l 116.50 Cheviot Dresses now S12.5O now 910.00 »3
DP Src.SO Trlmm«d Dresses now HUB .00 $18.50 Kereey Jackets. nUn Un«4. now Si
BH . 1^' J30.00 Velvet Trimmed Dresses now.^22^XO $12JiO H3
fig i Tf^fcTV* „.. ' ¦ , »20W K«rs«7 Jacketi. Ttrr ttejiiht. now... Ml
II $ RAINY-DAY SKIRTS. \ " ' •"*• II
SB --«Jby All our $7.50 and JS.M Rainy Day BWrt» IfiNfi Al VTf\ MrtDII F rAtTC SI
fee # „. now , fs.oo Lvmu f\\j i \j MUolLt. CvJAIo. Bl
MM An our H1.00 and $12.50 Rainy Day Skirts; J22.50 Lonf Anto Coata. black* and tana> 11
Sfi FUR CAPES AND JACKETS with new yoke Rnd /buckle effects. now _ (1S.OO Bl
If All our $5.Vto 110.00 Fur Col- D ° W * rJi ° J3S -°° n * Aato Co * ta - -«¦ UMd i£S3© \\
If SILK AND CLOTH WAISTS. 11
Bi A lot of 16-lnch deep plain A choice lot of $5.00. 18.00 and »1M quality 93
[3| China Peal Fur Cape*, also Taffeta Silk Waist* now *.1.75 THIS SFASflVQ lA^KFTS 1Q
Hi China Seal Fur. with Astra- All our Fln« Cloth and Flannel Waists. ¦ ¦•¦«J Ol /».3V"r* O J/**-l\l- I *5. HO
MB kan Yoke, satin lined, worth former price $1.15. J1.75 and J2.50. J10.0O Tan CoTert Cloth Jackata now.8S.OOr B9
&fl $15.00: now... ...$10.04) now $1.00. 91.23 and 91.75 $12:50 Kersey Cloth Jackat* Bov....f7.50 ¦¦
tagl Eleirant 16-lnch deep Electric ' — — 3^
1| - ufni i^Bian a^b W yoke K a e nd COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED. II
g. US - collars, satin , . lined, were ¦ m ' aa a. B ' I 1 |B
II SiT^;S K-'Olllf : Ja I IQhQQ clMk aal Soit Hons^ 1
HK! with real mink storm col- 11 Si j 1 Q fi^ja m 8 fin ? G Ks M inn L' .^ .-.*, — .. C?.*. R *1
« ffi m lara and reveres, now „.. fl%VllW Wlf &¦ I U M W I3SU Keamy St. |Uj
¦laisffUHiuinmii ¦¦"-nnm IWI> " 11 "" ' r " " ""nwimiill.inin mil mm ¦mini ¦¦¦#
.Dyspeptic «^^B \
i Women of refinement who regard healthful
cooking as z paramount duty; good cooks,
leading clubs and hotel chefs, and cooking j
authorities everywhere earnestly recommend
' Wesson's Salad Oil »» better value than
the inost delicately flavored Imported Olive J
Oil tnd costs very much less. Send for book-
let, which contains exceptional recipes, by ¦
i LfldaAmesWUlis,NatiohalFoo<lWriter,Lec-
4 turerand Demonstrator; Mrs. S. T. Rorer,
j Principal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. ,
Mantz, Steward and Manager Rittenhouse >
Club, and other valuable information free.
Ask your niendly grocer for Wesson's Oils
and avoid unhealthful cooking fats. •
H S^S that In addressing Llrsm Pinkham ||j
H / y y**** arB cors^ aln & y° UI l private Ms p|
H / *° ° woman — a woman whoso oxpe- |>j
if / / mmms&ts&a rlenoe In treating woman's diseases |>^
*MI<<-f j^^^^^^^^^^^k 3 O rGa^ Gr afl that of any living per- 1^
MjAi m^^^^^^^^^^^^sA You can talk freely to a woman when it i3 revoftioGT to |?£
'f& " re^ a^ e your private troubles to a man ; besides, a man does f^ri
'&« iHHl si S |%gy|ify|«ai Every one will agree that there are the strongest of all Ipl
;|i £^Mm^& HI SaaPlMalla rs® 80118 w^y» w0 axe iH> we should appeal to the person |w5
£*! iP^ilili*^ «l is IPIScIEh w^° now ? tn® most about the kind of illness with which rai
¦$£ >^^^^^^^^^^^ 3§iy§ilylP! we are afflicted — one who has had the greatest experience Fuj
i^W^^M^^^^^^^^^^ * n trea^ u £> J ust suc^ cases ant * meeting just the symptoms Sf|
*$k $%&* JK^^^ffi^^^^^^^^M^S What confidence does one gain by consulting 0219 who lifi
mi^^^P^^^^^ ilill^ffli has occasionally met a case iust like ours, but has had no |~"
great experience ? None whatever. All treatment under f^
to^b^^^^^^^^^l&lifisi&a such a person must of necessity be experimental. As a SfM
i «?^^^Sw^^m^Sl matter of fact, in the treatment of female ills Mrs. Pinkham Kjs
naa k R< * . more experience than any one person in the world. &|
'^W^^ : k^^^^'**^^^ or a P? r * Of * °f over twenty- five years women have been |Si
% 'ii^* K * constantly in correspondence and consultation with her; and it is &j
$f J0-^^tjM0^'^ 8a^° *° sav there is not a case or complication of female derangements **|
r^i^^^i^v with which she is not familiar, and it is a positive fact, easily verified, that !p*1
WJ&^?t$W' wi'thin the last few months eho, with her corps of trained women assistants, have *gj|
':$(&0iijf* * treated over one hundred thousand cases, and that more than a million women
•f^fWt °^ 1)8 coun try owe the restoration of their health to her advice and Lydia E. |gj
*j&L Now, if a woman is ill and miserable, it seems to us only pimple justice to herself that £«|j
$|| sho should avail herself of the help of a woman of such enormous experience. t/J
§| MRS. PINKHAAVS STANDING INVITATION. M
k% Women suffering from any form of female weakness are invited to promptly commnnl- R$a
$$ cato witk Mra. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass. Sho asks nothing in return, except tiieir good will, tgl
j&wjj and her advice has relieved thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor, is very foolish if fej*|
|s| she does not take advantage of this generous offer of assistance. tr -.]
*0. If you are influenced t>y the advertising of Lydia E. Pinkham 's Vegetable Compound, fv*
10 and tho testimonials published in favor of it. and go to p. store to buy it, do not allow a clerk in^ £v|
•£>$ a drug store to induce you to buy something about which you know nothing — only what he* |?$
£|j tells you. His reason for wishing you to buy tho medicine is because he can make more money F^-jj
Mg on it. He does not care a fig about your getting well, only to make hi3 sale. Remember that g|Sj
H LjfdHi® E. PsssEshstm'Q V&gatafolQ €®mp®ziind! |f
K has absolutely cured more cases cf female Ills than i
e $. - any other one medicine fst the world. p|tory Is Appointed.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 19.—Seventeen Sta.te3
and Territories were represented at the
National Wool-growers' Convention which
met here to-day.
Vice President E. F. Bennett delivered
the opening address.
Among the subjects discussed outside of
the detail work connected with the va
rious committees were: Sheep-raining: in
forest reserves, freight rates, the skirt
ing clause, Government inspection of
sheep, leasing of Government lands and
the tariff ouestlon as affecting the sheep
industry.
An executive committee was appointed
with one member from each State and
Territory represented. Senator Francis
E. "Warren of Wyoming was elected pres
ident and F. P. Bennett of Alassachxisetts
vice president.
, ?
.
Hope Hanch Improvements.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 19.—The story
Is revived here to the effect that the Pa
cific Improvement Company, owner of
Hope ranch and five thousand acres at the
headwaters of four principal streams out
of the Santa Ynez Mountains, is about lt>
improve Hope ranch. This tract com
prises two thousand acres four miles weat
of town. The company has spent $30,000
in developing water, having run a tunnel
In San Rooue Canyon six miles from the
ranch, which furnishes an unlimited sup
ply. This Is to connect with a reservoir
on the ranch, from which point all of
Santa Barbara and Goleta valleys can
be irrigated. Hope ranch is to be broken
up Into tracts of suitable size and sold on
the provision that extensive improvements
be made. It will form a suburb rivaling
El Montecito.
WOOiL-GKOWEHS IN
SESSION AT SALT LAKE
Executive Committee With One Mem
ber From Each State and Terri-
CHICAGO ; Jan. 19.— Radical reductions
in passenger rates between Chicago, and
California points will go into effect' over
the Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific
and the latter's connections next month.
The fares announced are the lowest ever
made from this city to California.
The one way from Chicago to California
during March and April will be $30. From
St. Louis, Memphis and New Orleans the
fare will be $L'7 50, and from all Missouri
River points if will be ?23. •
The lowest Becond class rate from Chi
cago to California now is $52 60, the cut
meaning a reduction of $22 50, or $45 in the
round trip charge.
Tickets at the cut rate will be sold every
Tuesday during February, March and
April, the first selling date being Febru
ary 12. Tickets will be honored for pas
sage via the Santa Fe and Albuquerque,
the Southern Pacific via El Paso and
Demlng and via all lines from Chicago
connecting with the Southern Pacific in
Ogden.
Just now there is a lively fight on be
tween Chicago-Florida lines and th© Chi
cago-California lines over winter resort
business. While the Florida roads have
done a good business since the inaugura
tion of their limited train service, the Cali
fornia lines say it has not hurt the travel
over, the latter.
Pares Announced Between Chicago
and California Are the Low
est Ever Made On
Either Line.
Agreement Bitwem South
«rn Pacific and Santa
Fe Companies.
CUT IN RATES
TO THE EAST
Postafflce Changes and List of Pen-
sions Issued.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Percy Davis,
Coultcrville. Oregon — David Morgan,
Looking Glass. Washington— Richard H.
Blake, Dungeness. Postmaster appointed:
California— M. E. Sartoris, Nashville, El
Dorado County, vice L. G. Sartoris, de
ceased.
Rural free delivery will be established
at Halsey, Linn County, Oregon, on Feb
ruary 15.
Army orders: The following named of
ficers will report in person to Colonel Ja
cob B. Rawles, Third Artillery, president
of the examining board appointed to meet
at the Presidio, San Francisco, for exam'
inatlon for promotion: First Lieutenant
John P. Hafnea, Thl-a Artillery; Second
Lieutenant Harry L. James, Third Artil
lery.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Jefferson Varnum, Hydesville, $6; John
Cartwripht, Malaga, $8; Henry Roe, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $10: James G.
Headley, Pasadena, W. Widows, etc.—
Caroline A. Richardson (mother) wood
land $12; Mary E. Stratham, Los Angeles.
$8. War with Spain— Original— Gustave
Asmuseen, San Francisco, $12.
Oregon— Orignal— Thomas Boyles, New
port, $6. Increase— Francis Mengoz. Ellis
ton, $8.
Washington— Additional— Lewis Warrenj"
Kent. 512. Reissue— James H. Mason,
Ororido, $8. Original widows-^Julia Mar
sllliat, Theon. IS. — ,
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Governor Dockery Says the Requisi
tion Papers Are Not in
Legal Form.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 19.—Gov
ernor Dockery. after listening to a dra
matlo recital of the story of Miss Alma
Bowman, now of St. Louis, who recently
fled from her home In Shepardstown. Ky.,
to avoid the alleged cruel treatment of
relatives, to-day refused the requisition of
the Governor of Kentucky for the return
to that State of her brother-in-law, Asa
Buchanan, who is charged in a warrant
with having assaulted the girl. The
charge against Buchanan was preferred
by his sister-in-law. Mrs. Bowman. Gov
ernor Dockery's refusal to honor the re
quisition was because the papers i were
not In legal form. Buchanan is now un
der arrest in St. Louis. .
Miss Bowman, accompanied by her sis
ter, Mrs. Asa Buchanan, and her attor
ney, former Mayor B. A. Noonan of St.
Louis, together with Sheriff Collins of
Bullitt County, Kentucky, presented the
case to the Governor.
"It is a conspiracy. Governor," said Mrs.
Buchanan, "to do away with my husband.
Mr. Governor, If you put your signature
to any paper for the return of my hus
band to Kentucky you will be signing his
death warrant."
REFUSES TO RETURN
BUCHANAN TO KENTUCKY
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 19.—Rear Ad
miral George W. Sumner to-day suc
ceeded Rear Admiral Casey in the com
mand of the Philadelphia navy-yard. Ad
miral Casey has been transferred
to the Pacific station. The . cere
mony of exchanging commanders was
formal but simple in character.
In full uniform Admiral Casey await
ed the new commandant In the ad
ministration building. Admiral Sumner
on his arrival read his orders notifying
him to assume command of the naval sta
tion and Admiral Casey read the orders
notifying him of his new post of duty.
Following this a salute of twenty-six
guns, thirteen for each admiral, was
flred. Immediately afterward Admiral
Casey left the yard.
Hophouse Burned.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—During the ab
sence from home to-day of George Menke
and family their hophouse east of Per
kins was burned, together with a quan
tity of farm implements and machinery.
The loss is about $C000 and Insurance $4000.
There Is no clew to the origin of the fire.
Bticceeds Rear Admiral Casey, Who
Will Command the Pacific
Station.
XKW YORK. Jan. 19.— Judge La
combe In the United States Circuit Court
to-day signed an order vacating the or
der of arrest in the civil suit against C.
F. W. Neely. under which he was held tn
550.000 ball. The motion was made by
John D. Lindsay, counsel for Neely, and
United States District Attorney Burnett.
Later they appeared before United States
Commissioner Shields and moved for a
dismissal of the case before him In which
Neely was originally arraigned on a
charge of larceny in stealing the post
office funds at Havana.
He was arrested In Rochester on this
charge In May last. Neely deposited $20,
000 cash ball with the clerk of the court
and was released. That money is still
held by the clerk, but it has been attaohed
on behalf of the Government. Commis
sioner Shields granted the motion. Neely
Is now in Ludlow street Jail on an order
of arrest Issued under the special extra
dition act paused on June 0 last. Judge
Lacombe ordered that he be sent back to
Cuba for trial.
An appeal was taken to the United
StateB Supreme Court, which recently
confirmed the decision of the lower court.
Neely Trill remain In . the custody of
United States Marshal Henkel until a '
formal order has been received from tho
State Department at Washington direct-
Ing bis return to Cuba.
CTVTL BUTT AGAINST
NEELY IS DISMISSED
"Will Be Taken to Cuba as Soon as
the Necessary Order Is
B«ceived.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 19.— The Bailey In
vestigating committee is not a unit in the
matter of the report it is to 'submit to the
Legislature. The committee agrees as to
the complete vindication of ; Congressman
Bailey and the other State officials in the
matter of having perpetrated no fraud in
assisting in securing a permit for the
Waters-Pierce Oil Company, but Repre
sentative I>ecker of .the committee objects
to a paragraph in the majority report cen
suring all those who have criticized the
defendants prior to and during the inves
tigation.
BAN JOSH, Jan. 19.— W. 0. Hibblsh to
day applied to the Superior Court for a
temporary Injunction to prevent the Sun
rise Oil and ! Development Company from
selling Its oil boring outfit and to prevent
the directors from resigning and electing
others to sell such outfit. Hibblsh holds
15,000 shares of stock. O. F. Baker, R D
McCarthy, Guy H. Salisbury, J. M. Has
kins and M. G. Kimball are the directors
The company owns a large amount of
personal property, known as a Standard
rig for oil well boring, worth 14500. Plain
tiff charges that defendants are about to
sell this property, now In Kern County, to
fellow conspirators, and receive nothing
for it. . , . .
Judge Rhodes granted the injunction. •
Vindicates Bailey.
011 Company Enjoined.
WITNESSES TO KENTUCKY
BI0T ABE SUMMONED
Jail at Corbln StiU Strongly Chiarded,
but Trouble Is Expected When
Trial Begins.
WILLIAM9BURG, Ky., Jan. 19.— Over
one hundred witnesses have been sum
moned to appear before the Grand Jury
here next Monday, when it Is expected
that those of the Shotwell and of the
White factions who were engaged in the
troubles at Corbln this week will be in
dicted. After the arrest last night at Cor
bln of Paris Shotwell, Willis Cochran
John Bryant and Clay Kincaid, the last
two colored and all belonging to the Shot
well faction, It has been quiet here to-day
The Jailer heard voices during the nlgbt
and he thinks they were the voices of
friends of the Shotwells, who had come
over from Corbln to lynch White but
they found the Jail strongly guarded and
every preparation to receive a tnob. Each
faction is still accusing the other of pre
paring for violence, and there are some
who apprehend collisions when court con
venes next Monday. Although the troops
have been withdrawn the Sheriff has a
large force of deputies, and it is generally
believed that he is able to maintain peace
Meantime most of the disturbing elements
have been transferred from Corbin to the
Jail In this city.
The first to weigh in was Mike Coburn.
His wardrobe would beggar description
and must nearly have him. Black was
not de rigueur on the floor of Odd Fellows'
Hall, which lent a pleasant air of origi
nality to the proceeding. Light spring
suiting with something red In the color
scheme found favor. The sable coat of
Billy Shields was starter, with Abe
Levy. Jerome Basslty, Dave Harris. Joe
Cahill, Sandy McXaughton, Nat Boas,
Tom Burns, Tom Johnson, Jack Travis,
Billy Williams and Gene Heagerty as
assistants.
THE Jockeys and their friends got
away In a bunch at their annual
ball held at Odd Fellows' Hall
last night The only ones who
were left af the post were those "turned
down" on Invitations. They were many
and noisy over their disappointment. The
ball was the liveliest social function of
its kind ever held In this city and
It could not ¦well help being racy.
There were Jockeys of every color, weight
and degree, and the ladles were there In
like number, and gowns that made the
arc lights woozy. There were no bad
actors and everybody got away well, al
though the running was pretty tame un
til they reached the half. Then the pace
began to crawl up. The orchestra played
Junk-time or any old time. It was all
one to the dancers. They were setting
such a gait that no collection of union
carded fiddlers could hope to keep In
the fleld. There were thirty dances on
the programme and after the last an
"etc."
The following well-known sportinp men
acted as Judges to count the votes cast
for the cup to be presented the favorite
Jockey: William (Kid) Nelson. George
Wller, William Lyons, J. Ladarre and
Edward Greaney.
Tod Sloan had to shoot clay pigeons to
day, otherwise he might have come to
show them how the thing Is done across
the blue Atlantic.
convention was "caviare to the general,"
entered for the "Spieler's stakes.
Jockeys were ever dear to the feminine
heart and last night proved no exception.
Eddie Jones, ; Skeets Martin, Mounce,
Clem Jenking, Joe Piggott, Tommy Burns
and Johnny Bullman had "the ladles
copped," as the man who sells overnight
entries remarked. He and- his colleagues
were classed as selling platers by the
haut ton. and consequently were spiteful
Among the guests who took part in the
festivities were: Johnny Bullman. Tom
my Burns, Henry Shields, Joe Plggott
Clem Jenkins, Henry Spencer. Ed Ro«s*
J. Miller. Eddie Jones, J. Martin. W
O Connor, J. Lopue. Jockeys Mounce
Domlnick, Buchanan, Ranch, McDonald
and Turner.
CMld Eats Concentrated Lye.
BA2CTA ROSA. Jan. 19.— The two-year
old fon of Mr. and Mrs. William Oeorgia.
:\iio reside on a. small place near the
<"ounty Farm, got hoM of a can of concen
t rated lye to-day and attempted to eat it.
Physicians wore Immediately summoned
snd although the child Is horrfbly burned
rlMiut the mouth It probably will recover.
Mrs. Warburton. the mother of the man
•who did the killine:, ¦when informed of the
affair aTrp^arcd culte calm. She said that
f=r.e had expected pomethir.g of th<» kind.
Her per. this morning; had told her that
he would do some killir.G- before to-night.
Fh<? also Fald that the dead man called at
the villa this morning for his brother
Jack's clothes and thct Eh<* had warned
him to look out for her son, as he had
threatened to do him harm. She seemed
to believe that her eon was insane. She
hlro fciatod that it would have been much
tetter if he had killed himself and saved
others th» sorrow his act entailed. As
time parses w'th no word a.fi to the cap
ture of the hunted man the belief here is
that he will take his life ard that his
body will be found in the rooming some
vrh*-r<? on the outskirts of the town.
r>«»Mn* runs high here to-night. Groups
of txelted men throng the corners and
Threats fill the air. Sheriff Taylor and his
deputies are blocking every avenue of
escape and if Warburton does not sur
render he will soon be captured.
It 1* said that Warburten was seen to
exhibit a pistol !n town to-night, making
the remark. 'Somebody will get this." So
much shooting talk has taken place over
the affair during the last month that lit
tle attention was paid to the ramark at
the time.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. JJ.— W. B. Warbur
toa to-nljht ahot and killed Matthew
Reilly at Billy Shannon's resort at Wut
End In this city. Warburtoa Is the pro
prietor of the Cyprets Villa and his vlo-
Uni was a young and popular blacksmith,
¦who crew up In this community. The
cause of the trouble can only be guessed
at. The etory as told by the eyewitnesses,
Thomas Kecgh and William Shannon,
ehow that Warburton was In the saloon
drinking. Reilly came In and spoke to
every one. Beelns Wartourton he said:
"Say. Warburton. I'd like to «ee you."
Warburton replied. "I don't want any
thing to do with you." Reilly then ad
vanced as thoug-h to remonstrate when
Warburton drew a pistol from the waist
band of his trousers and fired. The bullet
t ntered the elde of Reilly's head and he
:eil lifeless to the floor. Warburton then
cocked his revolver and backed out of
the place btA disappeared In the dark
r.ess. The ehootlng took place at about
U o'clock. Shortly afterward Sheriff Tay
lor arrived on the *cene and posted men
to watch for the missing man.
There is a long story, and as rumor
fays, a strange one back of the present
t hooting. About three weeks ago War
burton made a vidcus assault upon John
Reillr. a brother of the deceased. He
knocked him down and kicked him across
:).e sidewalk. It was thought at the time
that he Intended lo kill him. Previous
to the assault It is said that he had fol
lowed young Reilly all over town. Fear
for his life. It Is btlleved, caused John
Reilly to leave this city. It Is presumed
that Matt Reilly wanted to speak about
the affair to Warburton to-night and that
this led to the shooting.
Wartmrton is a man weighing about 220
pounds and Is quite an athlete. It is said
that he has lived at Santa Rosa. Sacra
ir.er.to and San Francisco, where he wan
once a member of the Olympic Club. He
has a mother living In this city. Reilly,
the deceased, -was one of the most popu
lar young men In this city. He leaves a
wife and two Email children. He was In
dustrious and peaceable and was In busi
ness for himself en Third street In this
city.
8p«54*l Dtagwftob t» The Call
Slayer and Brother of Victim Had
Recently Had a Quarrel and
Shooting Is Probably a
Seq-oel to It.
W. B. Warburton Kills Mat
thew Reilly at San
Rafael.
MURDER DONE
IN MARIN SALOON
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
Knights of the Pigskin Exchange Entry Card
for Dance Programme "With Great Eclat.
BIG FIELD OF THOROUGHBREDS
GETS AWAY AT JOCKEYS' BALL
*
ETJJfl-NKB TRANSFERRED
TO PTTTT, A TYFTT.yTTT A
27
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT OF
"CINDERELLA"
TO-MORROW, Jan, 21,^1.0^
Smith A De Koven's Celebrated Comic Opara,
®v f o
I THE §
V) f\
O L.S
Qeoooeeoeeeoaoeaooodo*
Ccmpanton Opera to ''ROBIN HOOD."
PERFECT CAST!
THIRTY PRETTY GIRLS!
BIG MALE CHORUS!
TBS RENOWNED TIVOLI ORCHESTRA.
BE SURE AND SEE:
THE LADY FENCERS !
THE FUNNY CARNIVAL CLOWNS !
A Perfect Production of a Great Piece.
POPULAR PRICES - - 23 and 50 Cents
Ereaingi at 8 Katlnic Bitardsy at Z,
Telephone Bush 9.
Alf. Elllnxhouse. Proprietor an.l Manacer.
Phone South 770.
starti-a MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE FUN'VIEST OP THEM ALL.
Charles H. Boyle and His Cle-rer Company of
Comedians In the Latest Musical Karce
Comedy Success.
tTP TO THE MOMENT
PRETTY GIRLS— NEW MUSIC
NEW SPECIALTIES
EVE 2Sc. 33c. EOo and 75c
MAT 15c. 25c. S5c and We
Next 8nn<!ay Afternoon— Seven Happy Days
With" Those Funny Fellows,
MURRAY AND MACK.
f*ftl 1IB9SI A SAIFIMCISCO'S
VULU itf a DIM LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT~^. d 1 MORE WEEK
£MhA "U/ZIV
MATINEE VW /"\ M
SATURDAY.
ssaa DOWN
play of rurmJ M^ V^ WW i H
UnT llfe S * CT i\ <K T 9 f
ever seen, M^ Jr\ d3^ 1 m
LAST TIME NEXT BUNDAT NIGHT.
MONDAY, January M
LOUIS JAMESioti KATHRYN KIDDER
IN A MTDStnfcuER'S NIGHTS DREAM."
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
/VVATINEE TO-DAY
Last NlE-ht of
•THB ROGUE'S COMEDY."
To-monow Evening*
First Production In this City at Popular Prices
of Herbert Kelcey and Effie Shannon's
Great Success,
"THE MOTH AND THE FLAME."
Monday, Jan. 28th— Charles Erin Vemsr In
"ARRAH NA POGUB."
PRICES— 10c 16c *5o. Mo: a fsw front rows
In Orchestra, 7Eo. Good r—rvd seat In Or-
chestra at all Matinees. SSo.
Branch Ticket Offloo— Emporium.
Coming — Bernhardt and Coqnelia.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY).
Florence Roberts—^''Nell Gwynne,"
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT.
Reappearance of LILA CONVERE
In the New York and London Success,
SWEET LAVENDER
. PRETTY GOWNS— NEW SCENERY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
FISCHER'S COI i^, R J,. n H Sc USE -
The Shlrleys. Hanlon and Singer, Ida How-
ell, Waterman Sisters, Little Alma Wuthrich,
Hal Conlett and Ahern and Patrick.
Reserved . Seats 15c. Matinee Sunday.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Beginning TO-MORROW NIGHT. Mathes SftTURBAY QHtY.
ENGAGEMENT OT
hi the Play, in Poor Acts, Entitled
rj CLii j 1%. Y
| JB a ML "^ M
OTT A IDT)
Wi $. XL fl. 1 M
(Founded on Thackeray'a "Vanity P«fa**),by Langdon Mitchell.
A«t I.— Miss Crawler's reejdrac* ta Park I Art ITI.— «eaa« I. B*eky's Ikmm 1b Corwn
Lane. London. May. 1815. | street. Mayfalr. London. 1823.
IBcen« 2. The raro«. three weeks later.
Act IV.— Becky's lodrtnss Jn Pumpernlc*-
ut «.. „.„«..,. - u «.^ .„ ~~~. *l. 1S28.
SEATS, S3. 81.5O, 81. 73e mad 6Oe. »* BOX urriCC, S» A. Jt. U 1O P. U.
CURTAIN RISES— EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP; MATINEE AT 2.
C:n-rli» s e» May U« Ordered at 1 1 P. M.
Out or the chaon of old-time failure comes a
new and startling cure for rupture. Dr. W. 8
Rice, 418 N. Main St.. Adama, N. Y., haa in-
vented a method that cures without pain.
Famous Method Free to All.
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Dr. W. S. Riee, the Well Known Au-
Ruptured
Free to the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
danger, operation or an hour's loss of time
from the day's work. To avoid all questions of
doubt he sends free to every suflerer a fre*
trial of his method and there can be no earthly
reason why any one. rich or poor, should not
avail themselves of this generous offer. As an
Instance of this remarkable method, the cure
of Charles Lange, Morrison, Ills., is a welcome
piece of intelligence. •
Mr. Lanjre Is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 years of age, and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short use of the Rlc*
method the left rupture healed entirely and the
right was almost closed in a few weeks. To-
day he Is as sound as a dollar, wears no truss
or other support and his cure is only on* of
hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the Rica method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will surprise
you with Its wonderful power to heal. And If
you know of other ruptured people ask them
to writ* or write for them. Do not fail to
write at once: do so to-day.
11R. CHA8. LANGE.
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
sale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN ft SOMES (S. C MASON, agent),
101 Chronicle bide. Ban Francisco.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
AMUSEMENTS.
KJ Mm* m IV3M^MA4i con. masok
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
QUERITAlnNCENT,
A favorite whose popularity never fades.
MABEL~HUDSON,
A girl who sings conga as they should be sungr.
THE MORRIS'
Famous representation of gladiators as they
should be. ja&sglKjtfg
ANBTTB GEORGE,
One of the Klrls that makes vaudeville popular
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. .
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
FRISTS.
Two-thirds of\ the public schools in Bel-
gium have savings banks for the reception
of the hoards of th* mipils.
nil iap These hotels po
r ALAut "" the ««ribun
, that tourists ant
fllm r travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location.
RRAMR Iib€ral rta nag«
Ullnlill . merit, modern ap-
UflTCI O pointments a n «1
HUltLOl P^fect caisinc.
1 American and Eu-
Sail FranClSCO. ropean plans. .
Commencing Matin»e TO-DAT. BUMDAT,
January 20th,
A NEW BILL AND THE BEST EYE*.
MONTMARTROIS TRIO
MARIUS DELAUR AND THE SISTERS DEB-
RIMONT.
In popular selections from Grand and Comto
Opera.
HACKER and LESTER
Comedy acrobatlo cyclist*. Direct from Berlin.
WARREN~and BLANCHARD
Lyric comedians ar.d famous fun makers.
First appearance on th« PaclSo Coast.
SWIGBTTE and CLARK
Presenting an original sketch with tmltatiena
of BU Hopkins.
EllGEKE~d 7 ROUR K E & CO.
Pmwctlns: an original sketch.
In a new monolnsu*.
THE GREAT AMERICAN~BI0(3BAPH
The most successful attraction ths Orpheuia
ever ha<L
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS
Th« Greatest aslmal act tn th* world.
Parquet. 25 cents, any Mat; balcony, 10
cents: children. 13 cents, any part except re-
served. A few front orchestra rows reserved.
E0 cents; front rows of balcony reserved. 25
cents.
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - January 20th.
\ | Record j
ijij Stake! jlj!
A'j_ r (<
128-N0MINATI0NS-.128
SI500 B SI500
TRAIN BERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 9:13 a. m.
and 10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 13 m. and 1 o. m.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the laat
course. San Mateo electric cars tvtry r.x
minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
B£lASCO**°TNAirSy:? A i]l&
Phon« South 533.
KOWTHOROUOHLT HEATED WITH STEAM
MATINIErra TO-DAT— 10c, 15o, JSo.
TO-NIOHT— LA9T PERFORMANCE
The moat brilliant pla7 of the century,
THE T\A/Q ORPHftNS.
Magmlflcent Scenery, GorKeous Costuma*. *ta.
pDirL'C Evenings— 10c, 15c. 23c. Sic, 50c.
inlVLJ Matlnee-lOc. 15c. Co.
Week Btftnnlni TO-MORROW <MO>n>AT>
On* of the Greatest Plays Ever Written, Wlta>
Its Plot and Story Drawn From tb«
Land of tho Muscovite,
"DARKEST RUSSIA"
A ORBAT SCENIC PRODPCTION.
MATTNES TO-DAT, AND TO-NIOHT.
"A BREEZY TIJV\E. W
Bestnalnc MO»TDAT NIGHT. Jan. R.
MRS. FISKE
In tli* Play tn Four Aota.
"BECKY SHARP,"
Curtain at S sharps Carrta* •* at 11 p. n*.
_¦ ;:¦ prices— p. nn.C7So.uo.
BEATS NOW OS SALE.
CHUTES_and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
INCLUDING
HAJJIjON A27T> SIUGHR, JOCEQ3' W.
WHALEN, ATTrTRN AND PAT-
RICK, DAVE BARTON, ROSE
T.TTF. TYLER, JA3TES GODFREY,
ttat. CONIiETT, NEW MOVXNQ
Thursday Night, ths Amateurs
- nXEPHONX FOR BEATS. PARK &
V Ti'i Market St. 8.F. j Shsttuclt Ar.BTkelejf
l.'th & Was'h'n.Gak Central Av. Aiameda. A
f ."th & Wood. Oak. j 19 S. 1st St.. San Jo*e. f
917 tVikbhinetoa Street, Oakland. A
/) Pennsylvania Coal Oil a
,4 &SS3?i£ 5 gallons 8oc$
. Hifch fire trat. Including can. \
|» Water white. Monday and Tuesday.^
$ lava and Mocha Coffee
0 !S^#S2ta pound 2 5 ci
A quality. No lircit^o quantity. i
™ Top-nctch of economy for price f
A cheapness. Monday aud Tuesday. '¦'¦' A
Flour 50 lb sk 8oc^
El Capitan Vrand. Guaranteed "
Q absolutely t&l right Sperry'B A
. products gives you b«6t and \
0 quickest results every tima. A
Cup Cream A
A Eraportt^a and rteralizod. r « — - r \
V Can be tised 6arae as fresh *-&¦'* «J "
a milk — and price is even lawer. a
r In any quantity. 0
Asparagus can i5cr
A Selected lare« Trhit«. J__ tf_ £^.A
A A delicacy for the palate. A
Figs lb pkg 5cJ
* California Grown. Specially selected. \
0 Tied with fancy ribbons. Eeg. 10c. 4
t Sardines 3 cans 25ci
A Geanine Imported, "tt. Jean" \
W . brand — finest quality in pur© V
A ollre oil. Small si*e fish
a Vulcan Parlor Matches
\ Swedish. Used _i,_ ~\/J
0 exclusively in U. S. P«g 3/2 C i
» Anay aad Kavy— 12 beses in p Vg. '
JUncolored Japan Tea JgJ ( '
5 iS^2 tt 'S 1 £. pound 3 5c^
f leave*. We dm co premiums to Bell f
A onr Utkti or ceffeos-no need of them. \
v Tour full inoney'H worth with Q
A every purchase. Regular iOo. \
jYellow Corn Meal J
J SeilS 0^, lolbskiycj
feweet — bright yeHvw. V
f New York Cream Cheese t
9 TM» Is real old nn ,.-J _ cn B
\ fashioned eastern pOUna I5 C \
cheese— snide from cream-^iot #
» Ekira mflk — medium strong. \
JOld Crow Whiskey J
a full quart bottle
* Dlst£U"d 1890. Gotranteed r
A genuine. Iieptlar 11.-5. A
Malt Whiskey \
9 gSRgffiSSSwr bottle 850^
x diktillera. It's ljcyond doubt tho i
¥ berc and purest of all knoi«*n branos y
a of nuUt whlakiea. Ketruiur %lXb. \
Wine gallon 35c?
" Mild— smooth— clear, orient color. V
A Good for bottling. Reg-ular SOo. A
/fSauterne gallon qoci
\ From LlvermcTe Valley VfneyartL \
V Veryoid. This price is absolutely 4
y cost to us. Huy enough to last you .
9 a few weeks or months. Eeg. fro. 9
9 Beech Falls Whiskey <*
$ bSSSSL gallon §i.oof
A Distilled 1804. Monday and TuesdV-i
I* Remiiar $3.(iO. f
AMTJSEKENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1001.
28
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MAIjC
3AKER, foreman, reliable and steady, wants
situation; city or country. Address Baker,
225 Third st.. Oakland.
iVOULD like to have place as Janitor, watch-
man or club waiter. Address Sunshine Court,
room 3.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese good cook to
do housework, etc. ; references. T. O. B21 Jes-
sle at. -
[APANESE young man wants a place as school
boy. S. N.. 1329 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUmore st
FEATHBU PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sajiltary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY, 244 Stevenson st.
FIXAXCIAL.
TO CAPITALISTS^-A $30,000 Interest for sale
in a well-known and prosperous business la
this city: an opportunity for establishing a
son In one of the largest concerns of the
State Apply to MCAFEE BROS., US Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco.
$2500 INVESTED now will secure you a year-
ly Income of flve hundred dollar!.: ample
security. Address box 1206. Call office.
~ FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT lower flat; 6 rooms and bath: mod-
ern- 1701 Oak st., opposite Park Panhandle.
I APPly ' O. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgom-
ery st.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate are.; 5 and «
rooms and bath; all the latest improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1« Montgomery.
TO let-Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent «r 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. _^ ;
MCE cczy flats: 3 rooms; rent only $10. IIS
Juniper St., off Harrison, between Tenth and
Eleventh, cppcslte schoolhousg.
FLAT of 4 rooms to let and furniture for sale;
rent $10. S4S Larkln tt., flat D.
FLAT, 3 large room-*: water free. 523 Linden
ave.; key at 624 Fell St.
NEW Cat, 4 large sunny rooms: water free. 22
Eumner st.. off Howard, near Eighth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOTVELU 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat: 8 rooms, bath; good ©rtfer. 1123
Howard St., near Seventh. ¦*
NEW flat. 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner St., off Howard, near Eighth.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Two bay-window flats of
three -oorns; gas; rent $7 and $12 50.
SUNNY rear fiat. ? rooms. 113 Leavenworth
street.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave., 1V& blocks from Markst, between Gough
and Octavia.
$30— ELEGANT upper flat of 7 large sunny
rooms and bath. 2213 Sutter it.
FOR salo or exchange for San Francisco or
Oakland property— 20 acres near Applegate.
Placer County: highly Improved and In per-
fect condition; entirely fenced: complete Irri-
gation system: new modern villa, S rooms
and bath; barn, horses, cows. Implements,
etc.; must be sold at once on account of
death of owner and impossibility of properly
caring for property. HERON & HOLCOMB.
lOfiO Broadway. Oakland.
FURXITCRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, tvddlng. etc.. of Tnoini for
sale: $100. Call or address PROCTOR, 78
Webster ut.
NICELY furnished flat of 5 rooms. 1411 Mason
st. ; call between 11 and S; no dealers.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $43 40. with No. «
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1121 Market.
FURNITURE of « rooms, partly rented: rent
$14 month. 94 Zoe at., corner Brannan.
FURXITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S06 Larkln: tel.Polk 694,
furniture & fum'd houses bought: spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
fete, see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buy* your furniture, carpet*,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market »t. ; tel. Jessie .61.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays h!sh»«t
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
GAS ENGINES.
NOTICE to gas engine buyers— The J. von Ser-
key combination gas engine Is the latest In-
vention; it la the best and cheapest: it Is self-
starting under full load and reverse without
cluthches or gearing; Is noiseless and ts very
economizing and simple. 1CS Main St., 8an
Francisco. Cal. Price $10 per hcrse power for
medium sizes.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R, IIANSEN A CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress. $50; 10 first-class waitresses
for Los Angeles and Pasadena, $20: 8 wait-
resses, first-class city hotels. |20; 7 waitresses,
different commercial hotels, 820. many fare
paid; 2 restaurant waiirerses. J". and $$; 2
chambermaids, $15 and $17 &0; Z chamber-
maids to wait. $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
S nurnegirls, country, $15, $20; German second
and care of chllren, $20: nurs»glrl, care one
child and upstairs work. $3); cook, same
place. S3O. see party here: houseglrls. Plarer
Co. and Healdsburg, see parties heT^; others.
C. R. IIAN3EN & CO.. 104 Geary gt.
A— WANTED
Middle-aged waitress for officers' dining-room
In Institution, country. $25 per month, board,
room and laundry. W. D. EWER & CO
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Lody. 16 to 13, good figure, good
looking and intelligent, to take charge of
offlce business during frequent absence of
manager; permanent position; wages* no ob-
ject to right party: no objection to party In
country >t outside of State: must be of ir-
reproachable character and honesty: none
others need apply. Box 1274. Call offlce.
LADY or gentleman, a select dancing teacher.
to organize an.1 teach Wednesday and Sat-
* urday afternoon classes. Hoover Hall. 1327
Market st.
A LADY free from hom« cares can secure per- ;
rranent position by addressing at once. Box
12C1. Call office. :
WANTED— Active an.l enterprising lnfiy can- j
vasswrs for a new magazine; liberal conditions
and success guaranteed. Address Manager,
box 12;», Call offlce.
WANTED — German woman; good plain cook: ;
from 6 a. m. to 2 p. m. 7 Hxrdle place, off
Kearny, bet. Sutter and Bush.^ I
WANTED-fMlddle-aged lady to teach 4 chil-
dren; music also; comfortable country home;
small salary. Box I2"l. Call office.
OPERATORS on wat«t« and girls to sew on
buttons; good work. NEWBAUER BROS.
IS First «t.
WANTED—On fruit farm near San Joso for a
family of eight, a middle-aged woman to cook
and do general housework: references; no
washing; wages $25. Call at 1800 Taylor st.
WANTED— A good German girl for upstairs
work and attending to childr«n:good wages.
Pleaso call Monday at S601 Clay st.
NEAT girl; general housawork; small family.
(03 Guerrero st.
GIRL for Housework. 1157 Valencia street.
"WANTED— A young girl to assist In care of
baby and light housework; family of two.
Call Tuesday. 1 and 3 p. m. at 310 Fulton st.
A NEAT young girl for housework. 710 Hyde
street.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS. ESI Mission.
COMPETENT girl, cooking, genera! housework;
email family. Monday morning, 1S68 Vallejo.
SMALL girl to assist in light housework; sleep
at home. 304 Sixth st.
NEAT lady for offlce; one who can loan em-
, ployer S300. Box 1203. Call offlce.
JEWISH or German girl for light housework.
1 Hollls st., bet. Buchanan and Webster.
WANTED— Neat, competent girl for general
housework; small family. Apply 2834 How-
ard st.
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery. 638 Clay it.
WANTED— Elderly lady to take care of woman
patient; state terms. Box 1277. Call office.
GERMAN girl to do plain cooking and house-
work: bakery. 3150 Twenty-second st.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping; small
wages: 3-room flat. Box 1130. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced saleswomen for cloaks
and suits: reference required. Apply cloak
department. White House.
WANTED— Players for amateur orchestra.
631A Ellis st. '
NEAT young sir! for light housework; 2 la
family. 4SS Frederick, nr. Stanyan.
FIRST-CLASS 2d trimmers, makers and sales-
ladlgs for millinery; year round. 130 Sixth st.
BRIGHT young lady wanted to keep books ar.d
do typewriting. Box 12S6, Call offlce.
LADY solicitors and agents for city and coun-
try; good commission and salary. Monday
'10 to 5. room 18. 418 Sutter st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .^
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
1S70; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Pevlsadcro; tel. Felt 136. F. HAMAPA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. Ut.u.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 13a.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 628 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flcc; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powcll.nr.Sutter: tel.Black 6071.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A— COMPETENT cook desires situation, hotel
or boarding house; good references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ? -
SITUATION wanted to do general work in
American family; good cook; city or Oak-
land; wages from $12 to $15; car fare ex-
. pectcd. Box 1262, Call office. -
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation for second
work; is able to assist echool children . in
their studies or assist In housework. Please
apply at 40 Lower" Terrace, bet. Sixteenth and
fceventeenth sta., near Aahbury. .
LADY wishes to learn millinery; will work
cheap. Address box 1250. Call offlce.
AMERICAN middle-aged women with girl of
. 12 years wants place as working housekeeper
or cook on a ranch. 14 Pearl st.
LADIES' tailor, first-class cutter and fitter,
wants work In families; terms reasonable.
30S Fulton st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
wash. Iron and house-cleaning. Box 1237, Call.
LADY, thoroughly respectable and capable of
ell household duties, desires a position as
housekeeper; would prefer one child In fam-
lly. Box 1254. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper. Address
MRS. REED. IPS McAllister St.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position aa
housekeeper for widower or old couple. 140
Seventh st.. room 20. ,
SITUATION wanted; Eastern woman: general
housework; plain cook. Addreta 21 Franklin.
PLAIN washing and mending done. 788^4 Fol-
som st.. upstairs. ¦
STRONO reliable woman wants housework by
,the day; good laundress. Box 1257, Call.
A NEAT and respectable girl would like to do
chamber work In a first-class hotel; wages
*I5 to $20. 11 Hyde st.
RELIABLE woman wants position aa house-
keeper in widower's family; city or country.
P. P.. 619 Eighth Bt, Oakland.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
washing. Ironing and house-cleaning or nurs-
ing. 619 Eighth St.. Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wlshen a place for second work
or would do general housework In a small
family; pleaso call at 12 Rltch st., off Fol-
som. between Third and Fourth.
GERMAN woman wants situation to take can
of an elderly lady and assist housework. 72C
Washington Bt., first floor.
ANY one desiring services of an offlce assist-
ant who is accurate and experienced, rapid
penman, etc., address box 1300. Call office;
no stenography; operate Remington type-
writer.
EXPERIENCED young woman; position ai
waitress; hotel or restaurant: city or coun-
try: wages $25 per month. Address E. la.,
£0 Hardy »t.
RESPECTABLE Eastern lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper. Address It., postofflc*
box E20, Sacramento, Cal.
RELIABLE lady would like a position ai
housekeeper. W. G. J., 1293 Folsom st. .
ELDERLY lady- wishes to assist In light
housework in small American family; smal
pay. 29 Eddy st., room 40, second floor.
POSITION wanted by reliable and experienced
restaurant woman as cashier and stewardess
Box 1152. Call offlce.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave
YOUNG Scandinavian lady wishes to do secon<
work or general housework. 1S44 Howard st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar
ket-2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night. $1 50 to $
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bui
and baggage to and from ferry.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an(
1 subscriptions has been established at 109
j Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription:
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
EMPLOYMENT WAXTKD—MALK.
A — COMPETENT German and wife desire sit-
uations; unedrstand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
! RELIABLE industrious gardener wants posi-
tion as coachman; can milk: general 'work;
private place: references; city or country.
Box 1212. Call office.
1 GENTLEMAN: 23 years; speaks German, Eng-
lish, French; wishes position as cashier or
j chief clerk; references given. Box 1249, Call.
YOUNG man of 23, an expert stenographer
ai'd typewriter, first-rate bookkeeper, famil-
iar with all sorts of office work, desires posi-
tion; bank and other references; 6 years ex-
perience in country bank and city wholesale
rouses; own typewriter; mean business; per-
manent. Easterner, box 1253, Call offlce.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker, wide experience
In woodworking, young man, v.-ants a situa-
tion of any kind; city or country. Address
724 Mission st.
MARRIED man wants work of some kind at
living wages; good engineer or driver. Ad-
dress H. II. B., 2S0S Laguna et.
CARPENTER and Joiner; formerly foreman;
I can do any kind of woodwork: wants steady
work with some company; knowledge of ma-
chinery: wages reasonable. Address box 1223,
Call office.
! A COOK wishes a situation In hotal. boarding-
house or restaurant; city or country. 65 Sec-
ond st., room 14.
! POSITION wanted by middle-aged man on
j gentleman's place; can handle engine, horses,
stock and poultry: good references. C. S.,
j box 1266. Call office.
j SITUATION ' wanted by a first-class German
j Eardener; good propagator and can take care
j of horses. Address Gardener, box 1268, Call.
t COOK, young man, wants situation in private
boarding hou5e or hotel restaurant; reliable,
competent pastry cook; will assist. Box
1275, Call offlce.
GARDNER (German) wants any situation;
! would like to work In a. nursery- Box 12S2,
{ Call office.
, i POULTRY— Steady man of 26 would like work
to raise chickens; understands horses, cows,
and a good milker. IJr.x 12S4, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as coachman by a first-
class man: best of references. Address bos
5C76. Call office, Oakland.
I PAINTER and paperhanger wants work; has
complete outfit tools and scaffolding. MERI-
GAN, 1202 Webster st.
¦ WANTED — Work as choreman; good milker;
care horse, furnace; age SO; single; strictly
temperate. Box. 1291. Call offlce. -
WANTED— Work as choreman; understands
wood cuttir-g. .horses, cows and fowls; 45; sin-
gle and strictly temperate; will come recom-
merded from last employers. Address box
' 11'32, Call offlce.
' WANTED — Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. mdse. store in country" by reliable
¦ American; single; SO yrs. zge; 12 yrs. experi-
ence; good refs. Address L. F., box 1223, Call.
¦ YOUNG man speaking English, German and
Danish wants position; good reference; long
experience in livery stable. Box 1224, Call.
¦ YOUNG man of 20 would like position around
private p'ace in city. Box 1184. Call offlce.
• AN eidsrly man seeks employment of any
klr.d. C26 Sacramento st.
• A YOUNG man wishes a position in office as
v Janitor and errand boy. 706 Larkln.
A YOUNG man wishes a position aa ¦ errand
boy | or as waiter in restaurant. 706 Larkln.
. BY ' a practical gardener: 3 years foreman In
a city park; experienced In all floral signs.
¦ new lawns, etc.; would take charge of large
• place; first-class references. Address Gar-
: dener, SI Natoma st.
- GOOD ' reliable man ' wishes position* In private
family or as assistant gardener; understands
plain gardening, horses: can milk; excellent
references. A. ANTHONY. 14S Sixth st.
I YOUNG married couple, German, wish posi-
tions in hotel; man as runner or porter, wife
.' • ' as ¦ chambermaid and sewing. 520 Bush St.,
room- 86. '
, BAKER.' first-class confectioner and pastry
cook, excellent reference, wants work; city
• or country, hotel or. catering place. Address
' "Confectioner. 1S4 South Park.
EXPERIENCED milk or bakery wagon driver.
' German, would like position; well acquainted
. in city: Box 1217. Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.' silver.
1 sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
r Grant ave. -
I. A GENTLEMAN of address and business : cx-
. I perience desires occupptlon: amount of salary
, I , not Important. Box 1181. Call ; office.
, BARTENDER with experience and references
: wants position. Address E. D.,.25 East st.
I I BAKER wants position as first or second hand
* -j. on bread. . Address Baker. 609 Stockton st.
ntJSINESS CHANCES— CONTnTOED.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, elegant fixtures 1 must
/eell before Feb. 1; owner must go north; trial
• given; eaey terms; see tills bargain. Apply
to DECKER. 1020 Market et.
RESTAURANT for Bale; fin* location; dolr.g
a good paylrsg business. H. C. -DECKER,
1C20 Market Et. --— '
TO buy, sell or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on H. C. DECKER, 1C20
Market st. No charges for advertising.
815,000 — BEST country hotel property in Cali-
fornia, with fine bar trade, stock on hand,
etc. Apply ALDEN CO., HIS 'Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ - -
GOOD paying restaurant on ICearny st. for
sale or exchange for lodging house. A. L.
WILLET. 918 Market st., room 18.
ROUTE on Chronicle. E87A Natoma. st.
SOBER, Industrious man wants, ranch to run
on shares. Box 1227, Call office. -
$S0 IN cash or pay your own expense; a dra-
matic company will take a talented lady or
gent amateur with them on the above terms.
Address box 1231, Call office.
R ESTAURANT; good business; student trade ;
must be sold; will sell cheap. 2137 Center
ft., - Berkeley.
GROCERY Etore for sale; bargain; cause of
sale sickness; no Agents. Ca.ll on Owner.
12S7 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. ;
$175 WILL buy cigar, stationery and notion
store; 155 Fifth st; rent $11; must be sold.
A WELL established, small Jewelery store at
a reasonable price. Call at 108 Eleventh st.
8ALO0N for sale; opposite the Ferry. Apply
111 East St.. .north of Market.
CALL on Cal. Business Assn.. E65 Market St.,
for rooming-houses, saloons, candy and no-
tion stores : all kinds business opportunities.
A PARTNER In a -, first-class butcher business
In a thriving city on this coast: practical man
preferred; capital required $1500 to $2000. Box
1194, Call office.
STATIONERY, notions and cigar store; good
location; with 3 living rooms. Address box
A, Call branch offlce. 300 Hayes St.
AA— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
1S50— MEAT market; finest In city; 6 blocks
from Call bldg. ; rent {15; strictly cash trade.
Inquire 109 Buchanan st.
OUTSIDE route for sala on this paper. Apply
Call offlce.
AN active young man with capital wants . to
Invest in lucrative business. Box 1185, Call.
$250— RESTAURANT for sale. Box 1176, Call
office.
RESTAURANT for sale, whole or half; will
give trial. 969 Howard st.
FOR sale — Fine grocery, bar and living rooms;
cause, sickness. E51 Geary st.
$20 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSE* FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market: tel. Black 1S03: near Call building.
6-room flats, $5C0. $250, $225, $300 and.... $200
30 rooms, Income $70, rent $40 350
12 rmi, Income $SS, death of owner, bargain.
34 rooms, clean, sunny, clears $39 month. 700
1« rooms, nice. '4 cash, clears $56 month. 1000
IS rooms, rent $S0, clears $61 75 per month 850
20 rooms, central, clean, coins money.... 1200
14 rooms, near Market it., clears $130 1800
25 rooms, nice Sutter-st. residence. If you
want the best see th;s elegant house.
SS rwms, rent $44. 33 eteady roomers 700
40 rooms, fine house, eleg*t fur., rent $150 4500
10-ROOM flat: downtown J.V0
14 rooms on Mission st COO
f.f> rooms; new furniture; J10C0 cash 2600
15 rooms on Third St.... 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3.100
24 rooms on Geary st. ; clears $l"0 1900
IS rooms on Kearny et. ; clears $150 1600
33 rooms on Market st 14<X»
12 rooms; clears $75 450
WO rthers— Prices from $100 to $2f>.000.
MOXKT TO I/)AN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKEn, 1020 Market: phone Mint. 79S.
CO ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
S7 rooir.s; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
10 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.; extra.. 9M
15 rooms: Leavenworth: rent $57 60 900
30 rooms; $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
20 rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest Hat of lodging-houses and hotels; can
fuH all buyers; employ 6 persons who are
daily addlncr new houses to Hat; title given
with each house sold; money lonned buyers:
nr> fake prices; valuo given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced. G. W.
Sf*HWEINHARI>, rooms 1-2, 917 Market St.,
telephone Mint 1911.
WINSTON & "WOLF. 1026 Market St.
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700
CO rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner 2100
81 rooms; worth $2500; reduced to '.... 13O
£0 rooms; corner (new); rent $65 1300
10 ROOMS, newly furnished; payments.... $350
65 rooms; clears $300; will loan half 8500
10 rooms; very cheap: only $250 cash £00
$50,000 to loan at 1H p*"r cent; tel. Main 12S.
DAVIS & RIVES, 91fi Market St.
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23
Sixth st.
ANDREW PRICK *-. CO., 30 Kearny St.. room
6. Big bargains: list in ofllce; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO., 30 Kearny St.. rm. «.
FOR Sale— New, modern 8-Voom flat, nicely fur-
nished; rent very cheap. Call 732 Ellis st,
betvreen 1 and C p. m. ; no agents.
DEPARTMENT house for sale of Ii2 rooms:
eplendld Iccallty: big bargain; $2500. JOHN
ELDER CO.. (28 Market fit.
FOR sale cheap — A fine 12-room lodging-house;
respectable and flrFt-class; beet of "reasons
for selling; no agents need apply. 333 O'Far-
rell St.
A-54OO; GREATEST bargain in town; M
rocms and bath: new furniture; must be sold.
906 Market St.. room 8.
LADY wants to buy rooming-house; 13 to 24
rooms: v.'ell furnished: north of Market; cash
paid. Box 1219. Call office.
13-ROOM house: always full; good location;
every room light and sunny. 604 Third st
SALOON, lodging-house; assist rood man.
Corner First and Federal sts.. Mall Dock.
WILL pay cash for good paying lodging-house
or hotel. Address box 1012. Call offlce.
$850— LODGING-HOTTSE of 76 rooms; $250 ln-
corae. 105 New Montgomery st.
GREAT Racriflce; 16 rooms; must 133
Hyde Et.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAJTIJTOJ
WHEN you become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 853-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth ?t. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works, 833 Oolden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. •
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, " warts, chil-
blains: pnlnless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
SPIRITUALISM.,
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
.cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty: clrs. 8un., Wed.; Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
CIS Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
B. B, H. STODDARD, 278 Ninth st. ; circle!
10c; Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday; convincing
tests to all ; reading dally. . -
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and .healer
readings daily, 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14
EARLB, 305 Taylor St., corner Ellis— Slttlngi
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday
I MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium
'! healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st
• j MRS. LESTER— Readings dally ; circle ¦ even
I eve., 10c, except Wed. ; devel. circle. 222 Turk
. 1
1 ; C. Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak, trance medium:
t j readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527
: ! FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.J
Meyer; sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c
j ' MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium
j life reader, med. ri!»!rvnv«nt. 1164 O'Farrell
: I CLAIRVOYANTS.
. ! MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc*
; medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar
s ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 2!
and 26: take elevator. Perfect eatlsfactloi
guaranteed by mall: send stamp . for pam
I phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday
I MME: PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & cart
reader, born with- double ¦. veil— second sight
I diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles &0c
1 gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk
HELP WAITED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker In small estab-
llshment. Box issi. Call offlce.
WANTED—OIrl to learn dressmaking. S E<My
at., rooms 96-97.
WANTED— A woman for light housework:
good home and fair pay for right party. Call
after 2 p. m., 115 Taylor st.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL'
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
Is giving more to its patrons than ever be:or<?;
t pedal class rates for this month. J12 and $1."".:
rraatlcal business course in millinery; now is
the time to prepare for spring work: late pat-
terns frcm N. Y. Just received : patterns- cut to
order; linings fitted. McDOWELL' S. 1013 Market.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed cf
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
A FEW experienced operators, and also gtrU
for Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— German girl for general housework
*jid plain cooking. Call between S and 1" at
7WA Harrison st.
WANTED— Hair dresser and manicurist: wa;r»9
no object; state where last employed. 2C3
Mason at.
WANTED— Touns woman to dr> light house-
work; wages $15. 539 San Bruno ave.
GERMAN woman: light housework; ore 3-
y ear-old child. 204 Shtth st.
SEWIN^G machine ooerators wanted at Levt
Strauss & Co."» overall factory. 2JV4 Fremont
St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
BORROW on planoa. furniture. dtamcr.4*.
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant av.
WANTED— Button sewers at LEVI STRAINS
& CO.'g. 36H Fremont st.
ELDTrRX.Y German Catholic woman, house-
work; no washing: sleep home; US. 732 Fulton.
LADIES wlshlrst to marry good men call or
write MRS. KSP.T2. 1M Ellis St.; no chargas.
CLASSIFIED adverttsem-r.ts and subscriptions
rerwlved at Call branch offlce. Z7X Flllmore st.
IIELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5SU
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Machinist, city shop
Blacksmith helper Blacksmith shop
Man and wife on shares, see boos hero....
4 strong boys for factory jit we»'c
Gardener, Alameda County $:s and foun I
Milkers and buttermakers too and foun!
Plo-w tsamsters Farm hands
Woodchoppers Tlemaker*
MURRAY A READY 6C4-6C6 Clay «t.
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chief cook, mine ' J3O and found
Baker's helper, country shop.. 123 and fourvl
5 cooks, city and country
$30 to $50 and found
Man to open oysters: waiters. $3 and ISO
and found
MURRAY A READY C4-S3S C!ay St.
A-OFFICH OPEN TODAY 10 A. M.
Wanted — A pantryman, country hotel; •<"»
party here: $35 to $30 a month.
C. R. HASSES & CO. 1!H O«ary St.
AT C. R. HANSEX & CO. Phcn» Grant 133
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Second cook, hotel. JSO; broiler, hotel. $T.0;
head cook. $30: taker. 140: dishwasher. tr>.
earn* country hotel, one-half far* paid;
butcher, country hotel, $30; barkeeper, %Zd;
head waiter, $£0; German waiter, country ho.
tel. $2S; B colored waiters, country club, 133
each.
Gardener, irood referencw, private placa.
t¥>: Scandinavian or. German coachman, food
references. *3O.
C. R. HAXgEX A CO —...104 Qe«try st-
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment: only recc»nl*ed union. 1!5
Turk; tel. Folsom 1IS3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progresstvo Union — T*r*« employ-
ment. H. Bernard, fee, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 158.
A— HIOH-CLASS salesman or solicitor to pre-
sent a htgh-clasa educational enterprise to
specially selected Individuals. It 13 not honsw
to houso canvassing; a fine, opportunity for
advancement for one possessing necessary
qualifications. SYNDICATE COMPANY. S
Market St.
SALESMEN to sell Imported and domestic
llqucre, principally fine Kentucky whiskies
and blends, ense and barrel goods, to Jobbers
and saloon trade; rood chance to the rijrht
man: salary or commission. R. 9. BTRADER
& SON, 83-71 E. "Water St., Lexington. Ky.
ENGINEERS. flr»men, maeninlsta tad el«c-
trlclans— New 40-pa^a pamphlet containing
questions asked by examining board of en-
gineers; sent free. GEO. A. ZELLER, pub-
lisher, Et. Louis. Mo.
EARN better salary A position: study electric-
ity, mechanical engineering A drawing horn*
by correspondence: T. A. Edison Indorses In-
stitute; book "Can I Becoms an Electrical
Engineer?" free. Elec. Engineer Inst, X. Y.
"WANTED— Man. uprlsht character, to manajr«
business old-established house: $13 a week &
expenses, payable wkly from headquarters:
expense money advanced; permansnt; r;f.
Standard House, 201 Caxton bldy, Chicago.
BOY wanted to learn painting and dacoratlng.
Box 1244. Call office.
TWO good canvassers: new line. Address I*
S., box 1238, Call offic*.
CIGARMAKERSw J28 Bush stU third f.oor.
room 4.
SEVERAL r3spon8ible men to drive and solicit;
references required. US Point Lcbos ave.
"WANTED— First-class barber at 10O Market et.
Mcnilay morning.
WANTED— A street fakir with a location. Box
1*«. Call office.
WANTED — Dishwasher and porter; day trork.
212 O'Farrell st.
CARVER wanted: first-class man. FINK &
BCIIINDLER, 1309 Market st.
HEAD night bellman wanted; flrst-claas club.
Box 1276, Call office.
STEADY boy tn learn trade: paid while learn-
ing. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market Bt.
WELL-KNOWN professional gentleman to tnk«
treatment fcr drag«hablt: permanent cura
free to the proper party; others need not ap-
ply. Pox 1S3. Call office.
"WANTED— window dresser for department
store: state experience and salary expected
Address box M75. Call office.
BRIGHT hoy wanted. Apply this morning be-
tween 10 and II. B. L. FIFIELD & CO.. B3
Stevenson st.
BOY about 15 years old for broker's offlce.
Apply In own handwriting, box l^S. Call.
2 GOOD cabinet-makers wanted. S33 Folsom
St., near Batsman.
BARBERS, attention— First-class barber ?hop;
cholca location: Market st. : S charm: new!y
fitted up; good trade; no agts. Box 12»0. Call.
BARBER net for sale, cheap, at Railroad an<J
Thirty-second aves.. South San Francisco.
GOVERNMENT positions — Thousands of ap-
pointments frcm Civil Service examinations-
be held every where In March and April; cata-
logue. Information free. Columbian Corre-
spondence College. Washington, D. C.
GENTLEMAN of lndomltabla eneray and push;
good opportunity to right man. S". PERSON
room 412, Parrott building.
LAUNDRYMAN as second washer and starch-
er fcr Stanford Hand Laundry. Palo Alto.
RESIDJTNT salesman, every county In Stat«,
to represent large corporation; excellent op-
portunity to party capable handling !arg»
deals. Box 1233, Call office.
THE Pasture Stock Food Co., 324 Times bul'.d-
inr. Chicago, offer $15 per week and 19 per
cent on all «aW for & man with horse and
tuggy to sell Pasture Stock Feed.
WANTED— In a wholesale dry and fancy goods
house, an unmarried man as caller In entry
room; references required; state age. Id-
dress S. S., box 1222. Call efflce.
WANTED— Bill clerk la wholesale hous*: one
with experience who writes a jroofl rapid
hand snd quick at figures. Address box
1133. Call office.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. J««
Twenty-fourth st.
S LIGHT harness makers and machine opera-'
tor. Seattle Harness Co.. Seattle. Wash,
YOUNO German-American. IS to 13. t» worU
In florirt store ar.d nursery. S32 Valencia it.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
2Cc. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st.
BRIGHT men of good address: a pplendtd offer
for th* month of January: $1CO a month, in
addition to salary and commission; do not
call unless yon are a first-clans solicitor of.
good address; references. 19 Columbian bids.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLEK'sJ
BARBER COLLEGE. KS Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics .to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor sttll
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150*lar"9
rooms; 23c per night; «1 tn C per week.
WANTED— Dress goods salesman; state experi-
ence, reference, salary expected. Box 12:8.
Call office.
BOY wanted to learn c&rriaga blacksmith
trade. WALCOM BROS.. Z17 Ellis nu - a
WANTED— Boy Is or IT; references. Hoover's
Pharmacy. California, and DevUadjtro ata.
BAX FRAACISCO CALL.
HUCTNES3 OFFICE cf The San Francisco
CbII, corner of Market and Third streets; cpea
BStfl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
rorrier Clay; open until 9:10 p. m.
fX Hayre etreet: open wntil »:J0 P. m-
«3D McAllister etreet: open until »:«> P- m-
R£ Larkta street: open until 8:J9 p. m.
llil Mission street: open until 1» p. m.
C« Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
ertil S p. m.
J06 Eleventh strwt; cpen until 9 p. m.
1K-6 Valencia etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
JCcrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *treetc; open until S p. tn.
CHURCH SE 11^^^
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, Oak and
Bs-ker ets.— Sunday school at 9'30. Morning
*erv!c« at 11 o'clock; preaching by Rev <reo.
a. Eidrldge of St- John's Church. Christian
J^oeavor meeting nt 8:45. Evening service
et 7:45; serrcon by Kev. J. S. Tbcmas, pas-
tor on "How One Man With Deeds Sur-
parsed Two Men With Creeds." Wednesday
eves'.r.g meeting at 7:«6. All axe_welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church at Y. M. C.
A bulK.mg. Masca and El'.is st«.— Rev. John
Hemphtll. D.D.. pastor, will preac.i at 11
o'clock. Topic. "Nineteenth Century Retro-
spect cn<5 Twentieth Century Prospect. In
the evening at 7:80 the forty-eighth anniver-
sary meeting of the Young Men s Christian
Afro-lation. Address by Fr»d B. Smith, sec-
retary ft the International committee of the
T M C A. Special music Sabbath school
arirl Mr. Johnston's Bible class. 12.20. Chris-
ten Kndravor, «:». Wednesday evening
prayer me^tlr.g. B o'clock. Young men tpe-
c!afly lnvittd. Come and receive a blessing.
T1TIFT Congregational Church, corner Post end j
Mason sts. — Hev. •Jeors'e C. Adams, I>.L>.. j
j.attor. Will preach at both services. At 11 |
a. m therae "No Haete- With CoJ." At
7:30 i<. m.. •"Christ In You the Hope of
O!ory." All ore cordially invited^
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mascn and Ellis
«s.— Grar.d rr.afs meeting this afternoon at
3 o'clock for rr.on only; confidential talk by :
Fre-i B. Pmith of Chicago en *Tne Supper j
r>f r>eath " « frcheetral ir.u*1c end selections ;
by the Knickerbocker Ma'.e Quartet. All I
Mcns men invited. This evening at 7:30 !
r.'elork the forty-eifrh'.h anniversary of the (
t^an Fraroi*ro Young Men's Christian Afso- ,
<-!atlon will be observd with Mcrclses opon i
free to the public. Address by Fred B. Smith;
rrv.isie by th- Calvnry Church choir. Prefl- j
fi.r.: R. V. Watt will preside. The public j
invited to the service this evening. ]
T1IE Th*os<>phl<-al Foctety— To-n!sht at 8 j
o'clock in C»2d Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and j
Seventh f?s., Mr. Chas. W. Leadbeater of j
Ixm.ion. the <5!stlrgulEhed Tlieosophlst, will
l<^ture - subject. "Dn>amB." Admission
twenty-five cents. Tuewiay. Jan. tl. Oakland.
Hamilton Hal'., cor. Thl-teentn and Jefferson
Ms : subject, "Some M!recnc?ptlor.s About
I>eath." Course No. 2, "The Other Side of
Death." begins Thursday, S p. m.. Odd Fel-
lows' building. __^
FEYENTH Day Adventist Church, 914 I/tguna
st., bet. McAllister Et. and Go! Jen Gate ave.
Preaching this /Sunday) evenins at
7:33 o'clock, bjr the ra«or. E. J. O. Corliss.
Subject. 'The Object of Prophecies." A
rrrd'al invitation is extended to all Seats ,
, f^- !
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central ]
liiock TZZ Sutter Ft., between Kfarny fit. and
(Trent eve.— Christian Pcleace Bible lesson at j
11 a. m. ; subject, "Truth." Funday school for t
r-hillren st the same hcur. WeJnesday even- \
ir.R mwtings at 8 o'clock. Free readlnc- J
rrv-m. 106 Kearny. room E10. Ail are Tif'fomt.
REORGANIZED Church of Je?us Christ, 2:0 '
Port tt.. Golden West Hall-Preaching. 11
a. m. and 7:20 p. in. A. H. Frr.ith may be i
jires^nt. TTiis ch'jrch was organized bj- cm- I
rran.* of Ood Asril 6, A- D. 3*30. to preach i
the everlasting gospel to every nation, tongue j
and people as a "witness** cf the near ap- :
rr.'-a'-h of Jpfus Christ. A'l welcome.
CHI'RCH of J^up Ohrtrt or La.tter-Day Halr^ts
5*rvicei* every Sunday at 7:45 p. m. In K. of
P. Hall. $¦» Market st. Subject. "General
Fr.5va.tlon." preached by Hld-r John E.
S:>"H». All welcome. No collections.
THE Flrrt Mental Scientist Terrrle meets in
Golden Gate Hall, O Sutter ft., at U e. m.
(Vmc ar.d hear Dr. J. M. Ctis 1 ; p?eak en
•¦H->v.- to Kp<t From Pying." Seats free.
HKETWGS SCXUAY.
DIL J DHPEW KERGAN lectures this even-
ing or. "Tho Kidneys. Tfcelt- Function* and
Mf.i-a.W (illustrated). Crystal HaJl. Pythian
<"a5:tle. P0? Markf t Ft. ; followed by a magnifl-
cf-r.tly Illustrated vifit to the London Zoologi-
cal Gardens: free tickets will be distributed
for X Hay exhibition at sanitarium nest
Tuesday evening: «»ats frre: no collection.
A— PH. P.IN"S* Spiritual Society. 909 Market:
11 free; 2-8. 10c; 7 good mediums; all wel-
< .-me; ordnaticn and charter given out.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing France. 8 p. m.,
50c. !0<>l Bush Ft., near L^avf-nvrorth.
WMF. YOUNG'S convincing test c'rc'.e to-
r.ight. GC5 McAllister et.. 10c; come, ekeptlcs.
KATIE HETTKEMAXN'S circle to-night, 23c.
U!4 R'jsf oif Howprd. near Cth; Fittings dal'y.
ilUP. GILLIN'GHAM— Spiritual test meeting;
brins f^aJed Question. SOS Larkln; S p. m. : 10c.
KARL EtwrhaT-at's test circle to-night: 39c. 2250
Twenty-secnnd Bt., bet. Mission and Valencia.
Mrs. Kvans removed from 105 to 120 Blxth; cir-
cles to-day, 2 & S. 10c: also to-morrow eve.
AT Whitney Hall. 11€4 O'Farrell St.: meeting
to-ni£ht; Mrs. J. J. Whitney, medium.
HARLE — fiance to-night. 305 Taylor st.
MP.S. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night. 10c. 14S
Fiith Ft., room 22; fittings dally.
HXSKTOXGS I'DlTcranl Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society will give by request
the Grtek symposium, "Hypatia," la archaic
cisturr.e, at Academy cf Sciences Hall. tiS
Market St.. Funday. Jan. 50. 8 p. m.; musical
wl^-tinn* : all invite : hoadTnarter* In rm. 80.
MEUTIXG NOTICES.
PAN FRA-NCISCO Consistory «fTT>
I^o. 1. A. ar.d A., Scottish /<¦ jAftL^JV
Rite of Freemasonry — or:!e>-rs Cv*\£C$iA l 'V
and members, you are here- feVjjsjfoffiXj-l
by notified to assemble at ftf* t\g?*?Fj
Commandery Hall, Masonic W -r/t^'Lr-H
T«?rnrle, EUICDA.Y. January s3.yr*n~<£
2"), 1*01, at 1 o'clock p. m., to
take part In the funeral ob-
teenies of our late brother, JOSEPH FRED-
ERICKS. ZT. FKAXK H. LADD. !2*.
Master of the KaJosh.
HEXRT BURXER, Registrar.
HERMANN Lodffe No. 127. F. and A. a
M.— Called meetlnr THIS DAY <Sun-_jC\
riar). January ;0. 1901. at 1:30 o'clock
p. m., at Masonic Temple. for the f v
funeral of our deceased brother, JOSEPH
FREDERICKS. Uy order of the "W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No! Sio! T. I3^Zj~Z~
O. O. F.— Initiation MONDAY -">?2SJ?^
NIGHT. January 21, et b o'clock. ?£%8%~-p
Members ar.d visitors cordially
Invited. T. C. NIXON. Jf. O.
S. SCOTT. R. S.
GOLDITN CITY LODGE No. €3. K. of Jjt-
P.— Members and vieltlng Knights will 5. j&
assemble at Third and Townser.d S^f>>&»
nr&ets on SUNDAY MORNING. <^gvT7>
Jan. ZO. at U o'clock, for tae purpose of at-
tending the fur.eril of our late brother.
GEOR<J£ CBSSSB.
GEORGE THOMSON. K. of It. fc S.
6T. PATRICK'S day convention— In r? f- Ti
accordance with the resolution \-\\\\jf.
a4cFt~i by the St. Patrick's day <&>.«
convention of 1800, a convention com- c£\wj
; •r J **<l of flv* delegates from each of : sTTS*
the Irish civic and military organizations of
this city and county and of, the officers of
the convention of 1300 Is respectfully ln-
vltcd to assemble on SUNDAY, January 27,
1901. at 2 o'clock p. m.. at KnlghU of the
lied Branch Hall, 1133 Mission St.. for the
purpose of orgarjration and to take steps
for the celebration cf St. Patrick's day, 190L
A'.l Irish civic and military organisations are
earnestly Invited and requested to selact and
send fivo delegates to such- convention.
TUOS. F. BARRY. President.
CHARLES J. COLLINS, Secretary.
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- -
brate the 142d anniversary cf the 3L I* iXJ
birth of ROBERT BURNS on FRI- %Lrfv£
1MY EVENING. 25th of January. *«W*
In Scottish Hall, 107 Lerkln et.. by a concert
and fiance. ALLAJC POLLOK. Pres.
GrX>. Et. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers cf the UNION TRUST COMPANT ol
Pan Francisco will be held at the office ol
the company In th« Union Trust Company*!
building, corner Montgomery, Post and Mar-
ket ets., San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY
the 4th <!ay of February. 1E01. at the hour oi
? o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
lrtg year, the amendment of the by-laws ol
the company and the transaction of euer
ether business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
PILnDRIVERS and Brldgebullders— Notice
Officers and members are hereby notified t<
rttend the funeral of our late brothe < -
FttEDERICK CLARK, SUNDAY. Januarj
SC. at l:t0 p. tn.. from the undertaking par-
lors of Theodore Dlerks, S57 Mission et.. be-
twecr. Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laure
11111 Cemetery- By order
T. J. DENAHEY. President.
J. r. BECIE. Secretary.
.ANNUAL meeting— Regular anrual meeting ol
the rtockholders of the Honolulu Plantatlor
Company will be held at the office of th<
cotr.pany. 227 Market rt-, San Francisco. Cal.,
*<n MONDAY, the 28th day of January. 1901,
«t the liour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur
pore of electing a Board of Directors to servi
for the ensuing year and the transaction o!
ruch other business as may come before th<
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thuri'
day. January M. 19CL at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretarr.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
¦ ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead: happlners and sucoess
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where sue- ;
cess Is pobBlble were it not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not eatls- .
fled in life, consult ISMAR,' for she Is a proph- .
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
oome a proverb in thousands of homes mace :
happy by her old and advice. : ISM AR can be •
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 114S
Market st, opp. Sixth. By mall three ques- j
tlona answered, $1. Full life reading. $3. See
my display ad on page 22. '
MME. M. BERNARD, «
THE FAMOUS .^W ,.. .
Clairvoyant and' Business Medium,
Is oermanently located at 17 Third St.. next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description ol the
past, reveals the" present happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, I unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in -all affairs of life.
Full life reading by n.all; write for informa-
tlon; 25o up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.
215 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Los Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
present and future life, diagnoses, diseases,
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles In
the path of your life she can tell you how
to overcome them and how to avoid them.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully In
Los Angeles for the past nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as those
In the highest society, and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give her
valuable advice.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 16 years' experience: her knowledge of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers: follow h>»r
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market st., corner Mason, room 28.
MADAM LOUISA, clairvoyant, palmist and
card roader; circles Monday, Wednesday and
Thursday; mall orders. CC9 Shotwell St.,
near Nineteenth.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MME. FABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
leaves; business advice. 1504 Market, r. 81-32.
CATHERINE DEAN, scientific life and card
reader. 9S9 Howard St., cor. Sixth., office 23.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 2Sc. 148 Sixth Bt., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, Is the frreat palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRP. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
daily. 109 Fifth St., room 2.
MRS. Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant, water,
reader. 11.6th;German spoken; tel.Howard 1S4S.
MME. SYBII.LE — Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladlee. 914 O'Farrell st.
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy; private en-
trance: private rooms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st.. rooms 8-10.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: namn given: 25c up. 5 Fourth nt.
I * CAIIRIAGE3 ? AJfD WAGO.\S.
I A— 100 SETS Becond-hand harness; wagons,
I carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
I AN A No*. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
TOP buggy, piano box, nearly new, at a bar-
i gain. 632 Market et.. room 6.
! COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE AV. KELLY'S Acency— No charge un-
l»a« rucrer^ful. Itorm 310. 9J7 Market wt.
j COTTAGES TO LKT.
I SUNNY rear 5-room cottarc: car* pass door;
reasonable. 4220 Twenty-fourth Et.
TEHAMA, 9— Cottagp, 6 mtnny rooms, yard;
I business location; rent cheap.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3S33— Cottage of 8 rooms;
large yard: rent $8. ;
$11— 4-ROOM cottage; stable In rear. York &t., 1
between Twenty-third ar.d Twenty-fourth. '
$14— SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath; water 1
free. C27 Dolores St., below Twentieth. j
COTTAGE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Chea^; "cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
barn and chicken-house; high basement. 401S j
Folsom st.. off Cortland ave. |
TJRN'TISTS.
AT~the iELOTTRO^DENTAL"ciriN ICrio9~Ma £
! ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
' have your extractions done painlessly: teeth 1
! without plates our specialty; gold crowns, j
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 BO up; of- .
flee hours, 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 !
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
A — DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 f>0; fillings. 60c; plates.
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental v Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and flllingB; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless mpthod; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth |
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns i
nnd bridges; difficult plate work solicited; j
positive painless extraction. 50c. :
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex- !
Bminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. I
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.. 1206 Market at.—Kx- \
pert tooth extractor: crown and bridcework. 1
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set oj teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evrnlnrs and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st.
DItESSMAKERS AJVI> SKAMSTRBSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
EPUCATIONA.1,.
EVENING SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1238 Market St.: individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service couching; tuition $3 month. /-
ALL students but two taking full course tliU
year got position?. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12S» Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.~Day
and evening; $S per month; $00 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses: 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bockkeeplng, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post bt.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. : day
- and ntght sessions; new 80-page catalogue freo.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has po&l-
ttons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
petitions to all Its graduates. 3C-5 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman b-ye^
tcm; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St., r. E3.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. _
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mlninn^mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve>: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS MG. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
¦ lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
¦ 15 Grant ave. . . ¦ "
SUPERIOR violin, either, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin less. ; D0c.» W. P. Chambers, 204 Sutter.
PRIVATE instruction by experienced teacher,
25c per hour. Box 1290, ! Call offlce. •
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tlce. Merkl. , reliable teacher, 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcaiiemy
of languages.320 Post:estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand, Typing Bookkep-
:lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y.' E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. , 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S -DAY and
ILLUSTRATION—; night class. 424 Pine st.
MEETING NOTICES.
STOCKHOLDERS' ileetlag— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany, 221 Market St.. San Francisco, on Tues-
day. January TS. 1S01, at 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing year, end for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN, Secretary.
Offlce Rl Market st.. Ean Ftanclsoo. Cal. .
January 10. 1901. *__.
TO the stockholders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby given that a general meeting of the
rtockholdtrs and members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will bo held at Its
efflce and place of business. No. 1200 Market
ft.. In the city and county of San Francisco,
Btate of California, on jSATURDAY. the 2«th
<Iay of Januarj'. 1301. at the hour of 12
o'clock m.. the object of said meeting being
the removal from office of the following
earned directors of eald eoporatlon, to wit:
C. H. Koehncxe, Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhrman, and that at
such meeting It ts the Intention of the under-
rlgned to propone the removal of each of said
directors, and also at said meeting the repeal,
amendment and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP,
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
*hlp Company win be held at the offlce of
the company. 3!7- Market «t.. 8an Francisco.
California, on MONDAY. January 21. IM1. at
the hour of 31 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pcte of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
wch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. January 10, 1901. »t S o'clock p. m.
E. H. BHELDON. Secretary.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy: prl-
TBt» ertmnce. UN-TK HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
AGKVTS V/AXTKD.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing sunerfluous hair: will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin: personal demonstrations free; agents
".anted. Ontario Cliem. Co., asrey.. 426 Ellis.
AGENTS with a little money to handle a new
hrmpehold article; n^wly patented. CALI-
FORNIA MANUFACTURING CO., 825 Mis-
Blon st. ¦
WANTED — Agents In California. Oregon
"SVashtnjrtcn; ereat proposition. Call or ad.
AMOS CURRIER, 6 Eddy St.. r. 62. 9-10 a. m.
AGENTS' supplies, staple and s!de lines and
/ waterproof self-nhlnlnt; shoe polishers: agents
wanted. Q. PALMER. 6S? 13th St.. Oakland.
AGKNTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to jell than books or insur-
ar.ee? Add. F. PERSON.' r. 412. Parrott bldg.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSOX. Niagara. Per-
fection and others. Agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
$200 TO $500 per month: men or women: salary
nr rommlsi'lon or both. 927 Market St.. r. <!15.
ADOPTION.
HEALTHY baby " for~adoptioa MRS TDK.
FTTNKE. 1418 Eighth st.. Alameda.
ATTOBXEYS AT LAW.
It. W. KING. P27 Market St., 6th floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all ca-es; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;,
no ff* without fuecess; collections. G. WI
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Sto^ktn.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
epeclalty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. ; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
TV. DAVIDSON. S27 Market »t.. opp. Mason.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma SprecUels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advsr.ee.
ASPHALTU3I KOOKIXG.
J. TELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ra1r*<l: rK'-Mnl. 1W MfF«ion- tel. Fnl^om 1S07.
BATH CAUIXETS.
EliECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
gale. 11S8 Point Lobes ave.
noARUixr. for cniLDHES.
RESPECTABLE German lady would like a
Laby or 2 small children to board: a good
home Corner Third ave. and California
<=t. couth. Richmond District, city.
LADY with own home would like one or two
email children to board; good care. 321S
Sixteenth st.
HEFINED home: English; musical; reason-
able. SOS Clay St.. Oakland.
1USIXESS CHAXCES.
A — GROCERY and bar with 4 living rooms:
rent $20; does a good business $850
P-utchtr shop In Mission; daily sales $10 to
t*0; rent $15: fine fixtures: snap $200
Barber shop on Market Et.: clears $60 month;
rent $15; nice location $250
MARION GRIFFIN, 718 Market St., room L
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., near Call bldg.
Saloon In best part of city; does a very fine
business; estab. 6 years; price $1000. which is
less than one-half cost of the fixtures.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
rolid ar.d reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally la the management of the business;
capital i-equlred $SC0O to $10,000; full value in
tlon. ' Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632
Market st.
$200— CYCLERY: good-paying Kislners and
splendid location; must sell on account of de-
.parture. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
$450— LAUNDRY route, with good horse and
wagon. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777>.i Market.
$1100 — Butcher shop; country town:" business
$1200 mo. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777»4 Market.
A— FALOON; best bargain ever offered; $125;
j complete. COWING A: CO.. 713 Market st.
A CORNER grocery; best part city: living
rooms. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A RESTAURANT; heart of city; best bargalr
! ever offered. COWING & CO., 719 Market et
I JiOCO—READ THIS.
W<? have for sale an undertaking buslnew,
flrst-clPfs in every particular and will aver-
age $1000 per month; expenses about $10(
monthly: full Investigation of books and ac-
counts fre<?ly given and guaranteed correci.;
old established stand; severe Elckness th«
cause of quick sale; would exchange for good
6tock ranch in Northern California; cast
burls. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
SALOON and merchants' lunch; good fixtures:
good stock of liquors; paying business; good
reasons for selling; rent $40; price $4C0; manj
choice business opportunities. Call G. V\ .
ECHWraXIIARD, rooms 1-2. 917 Market et.
A— AV ANTED— A good tenant for grand cornei
stcre and basement, with fixtures suitable foi
grocery business: special inducements. Ap
ply SPECK & CO.. 6CT Market st.
A GENTLEMAN of recognized ability and In-
tegrity desires to meet a party, (lady or gen
tleman) with $10,000 cash whni they would
be willing to invest in the. promotion of t
strictly safe and legltlmate'enterprise; thli
cum being required for expenses only; sun
and satisfactory returns guaranteed and li
short time. Box 1260, Call office.
zzz •
A KERN Co. Oil Syndicate of twenty subscrib-
ers now forming have five interests yet open
for subscription at $275 each; amount sub-
scribed secures land, a block of stock and
pays for first well; a ground floor proposition;
land proven and numerous producing wells
adjoining; each Interest should be worth fSOOO
In 90 days; Investigation solicited. Address
box 1248. Call offlce.
FOR sale— A first-class cafe and grillroom: lo-
cated In large city on the coast; fully
equipped and splendidly furnished; only place
of kind In town; average business $215 per
day; bar receipts $110; under good manage-
ment this can be Increased; lease and reason-
able rent; owner's time taken up with other
business. Inquire 3)15 Market st.. room 91.
GROCERY and bar; receipts $30 per day; flrst-
I claes running order; must be sold; this is a
; rare opportunity; cause of selling, sickness:
best location in city. Apply to J. K. TAT-
' LOR. retail grocer, 214 California st. ¦
AN investment of $2500 In a business ready for
' operation will return above amount back to
; Investor within 8 months; bona. fide; will
stand Investigation. 927 Market St., r. (15.
J IF you have a specialty to Introduce to the 1
New England trade please write to E. Ij. j
POND. 11 Franklin bt., Boston, Mass.; cre-
dentials exchanged. j
. 1 1
i MUST have money; will sacrifice 1300 shares ;
Diamond oil stock at 20 cents per share if i
r taken at once; company's price 75 cents. Box
. 1242. Call office. I
j PRACTICAL poultry man. wants active or el- j
lent partner, lady or gentleman, with $400 -to |
Etart poultry ranch. • Box 12C7, Call office. j
, PARTY having 1250 can make J50 per month; {
¦ no experience necessary. Call or write Brun- !
; ner Company. 477 Parrott building. "•>.-. > j
1 FOR Sale— A cash grocery and liquor store;
doing a good business: fine location. Inquire
1 D. J. BTANDISH. 1000 Larkln st.
J PRACTICAL farmer will take well stocked
t dairy or coultry ranch In shares. Box 12W, 1
» Call offlce. j
SMALL etore: central location; cheap rent; J
living rooms; large yard. 409 . Sutter. st.Tlffi SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1901.
29
B.EAX ESTATE. — CITY — FOR sVALB.
BASTTON, BLDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market Street
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$10.210— Bush st, near Taylor: double frontage;
present rents $S5 per month.
ELEGANT LTON-ST. FLATS.
$8000— Two new elegant modern flats of T and
8 rooms and bath; rents $840 per annum;
near Halght St.; lot JSxlOO feet
FORCED SALE— ELEGANT RESIDENCE*
•7800— Large elegant modern residence of 10
rooms and bath; every modern Improve-
ment; Fulton st; lot 38:SxlW feet, back
to Ash ave.
' tngt PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
17500— Itents JSC5 per annum; elegant modern
porcelain tubs; frescoed dome ceilings,
etc; Aehbury st; 8fixlC«:3.
A GREAT BIO BARGAIN.
$5200— Rents 1(24 per annum; t flne bay-wtn-
dovred fiats of B. 5 6 rooms and bath;
Minna st, near Ninth.
NEW ELEGANT MODERN' COTTAGE.
$2500— 6 rooms and bath; porcelain tub; ti'.e
mantels; every modern improvement:
light and sunny; level lot; close to 2
• car lines.
PAGD-8T. LOT.
¦1 - ¦ —
$1250— Fine lsvel lot; block from Park Pan-
handle; lot 25x100 feet
NEW MODERN RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$2C00— Five rooms and bath and finished base-
ment porcelain bath, tiled mantels.
etc.; half cash, balance as rent; half
block butter and Geary sts.; flats.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
OREATEST BARGAIN EVER OPTERSD.
triSd— BEAUTIFUL MODERN FLATS— 4*140
- OXLT SSOO CASH NEEDED.
Two flats, with porcelain tubs, til* mantel*,
patent closets, fine gas fixture.*, frescoed walls,
eto. ; Mlsslon-st cars 1 block.
Agent on premises from I until t w-olock.
Location— No. U09-U Sanchei st, oor. tttlu
BASTON. ELDRTDOZ * CO..
138 Market st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
«3s market street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION
i^^ auction!
TTTESDAT. January M, 1901.
'_ At 13 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market 8treet
_ „_,, .PROBATE SALES.
The following property must be sold to eloee
the following estates— proceeds to be divided
among the heirs.
NINETEENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
.Estate of Mary Ryan. Deceased.
New. J364-66-68-70 Nineteenth St.. near Mission;
2 flats,4 and S rooms and bath, and t houses of
8 rooms; rents $S5 per month.
TWENTT-FIRST-3TREET FT^ATS.
Estate of Stanislaus Stroymskl, Deceased.
Nos. S23»-41 Twenty-first St.. near Valencia:
: Oats of 5 and • rooms and bath; S3:« ft wide;
rents $40 per month: lot 83:9x80 ft
ESTATE OF EDWIN L. HES3. DECEASED.
Undivided one-half Interest in two following
unimproved lots:
South side Aldlne (formerly Tyler); 1» ft
east of Wlllard et: lot 27x123 ft
East side Thirteenth are., U0 ff north of J
st; lot 2Sxl2O ft
BRANNAN-STREHT INVESTMENT.
Estate ot Dartd Rey. Deceased.
No. 319 Brannan st, near Third; 4 flats of S
rooms; rents $S2 per month; lot $7:6xl37:« ft,
running back to Clarence place.
eOUTH PARK INVESTMENT.
Etstate of David Rey, Deceased.
Noe. 119-31 Eouth Park, near Third st; I-
etcry brick building containing 3 fi&u of S
rooms and bath; always rented for $33; running
back to rear street.
POWELL-STREET CORNER.
Estate of Mary Dailey, Deceased.
Southeast corner Pacific and Powell sts.: (-
story and basement building, containing 3
stores and lodging-house of 19 rooms: rents $30.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
Northwest corner (No. 421) Ashbury and Page
sts.; large elegant corner residence of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 2sxlM:S ft
RICHMOND BUILDINO LOTS.
East side Eighteenth ave.: 7S ft north ot
Clement et: 3 lots. 21x129 each.
SEVENTEENTH- STREET FLATS.
Nos. 3568-70 Seventeenth st. near Guerrero;
2 modern flats of S and & rooms and bath: rents
$4S per month; 23x126:5 ft
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Lots 2-3-4-5-?. block 14, West End Map No. I.
Nearly 3 acres of land; dose to electrlo cars.
Further particulars and catalogues of sale at
EASTON. ELDRIDQE & CO..
<33 Market street
MoAFED BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st, 8. F.
J30.000 — Fine coming business corner downtown;
ready now for modern building: old Im-
provements renting for $135 month.
$11.000— A splendid corner lot on Pacific ave.,
with marine and city view; size 45x100.
$10.000 — Home on Laguna st.. near Broadway:
12 rooms; lot 27:5x173.
$7100— Two new modern flats In Panhandle dis-
trict: rented $70 month; rood investment.
ttCOO— Brand new; 2 flats of f and ( rooms In
fine renting location; rented for K! 50
month; they must be sold at once; also
2 more flats just building; price $4300.
$4500— 7-roorn house on Btelner st, near O'Far-
rell.
nsso— A pretty cottage of • rooms In the
Mission, on Twenty*-thtrd st; In Srst-
class condition. .
$1500— Four lots on Dolores st, with view of
olty; level and ready to build on; very
cheap lots.
$750— Lot on Twentieth st, near Church; 23
xlH; sunny side.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lots In Pacific and Presidio Heights,
all sixes and prices. Sen& for list
McAFETJ BROTHERS,
* . " 103 Montgomery st.
$29,000.
Fine "Western Addition corner: nicely Im-
proved; 5 modern bay-window houses; rents
1156 per month; lot £7:6- foot front; In excel-
lent order; must be sold to close an estate.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st
HOOKER & LENT 14 Post st
$65,000— Perhaps a little less; wholesale prop-
erty; north of market; 1 tenant; $330
net
$42,500— A flne larte property; I corners; ISO- ft
front: all rented; produces $3C0 per
month steadily; no better income prop-
osition to be had.
$39,500— A north corner; east of Leavenworth;
flne Improvements; rents $200.
$21.100— Rents $190; McAllister st: In the mid-
dle of business; fine Improvements.
$19,000— Hayes- rt. business property; rents $143.
$18,000— Near Ellis and Leavenworth; leased ene
tenant; large lot 50x120; sure to be
worth more.
$U.K»— CSoee to Butter and Van Ness; large
lot 60xlC0; rents $100; must be sold-
make an offer for It
$9710— Three new flats; rents $92 50.
HOOKER A LENT. U Post st
RA.TM0ND, BALDWIN A CO.,
13« MONTOOMERT BT.
$4«t«0»— Downtown business property; lot 3Sx
137:8; substantial Improvements; annual
rents $3SC0.
$10,000— Howard st; downtown; improved
property of store and lodging rooms;
offered low to close estate.
$5,150— Mission warm belt, near Fourteenth
st; flats; annual rents $(12; a flne
investment
$4.500— Good corner near the new postofflce-
23x80; store and Cats; annual rents $738
$8,000— Near Third and Bryant sts; lot 40x73
feetriO tenements; 2 stores; all good
tenants; annual rents $1150; a fine In-
vestment
$3, 909— 23x114 feet; on Twenty-eecond st: I
flats; bath tn each; annual rents $436
K6O0— Howard st: Mission warm belt; flats
and cottage in the rear; 27:7^x115 feet-
annual rents $600; $3000 ean remain.
HtO*->Jones st; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each and lot: annual rents $312.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN A CO..
' 138 Montgomery st
THE COMINO CITY SANTA FE
At Point Richmond, terminus of Santa Fe
Railroad.
Bound to grow. Lou are bouad to Increase.
Railroad carshops located here.
An Important railroad terminus and head-
cuartera. Manufacturing and shipping In-
terests sure to Increase: lots $125: all level;
streets graded: $10 cash $6 monthly
UcEWEN BROS., lla Montgomery st
Business property on Pacific st, eloee to
Battery; lot 43x91 feet; rents $600 per annum-
mortgage of $«000 on the property In the
Hibernia Bank at ( per cent can remain if
desired: for sale for a few days only. O H
UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st '
FOR sale— A magnificent piece of Chinatown
property; rents over $300 a month. Box 12S8.
Call efflce.
$4500— GUERRERO st, bet. 14th and 15th- cot-
tage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x137. '
A 8NAP for a workingman: $1800 cash, balance
of $1800 can remain at «- per cent; Income
property; small street I blocks from new
City Hall. Box 1235. Call efflce. ¦
FOR sale— I lots In Richmond district! owner
going to Nome. Box 12S7. - Call offloe.
FOR sale— Bargain; near the new San Mat**
carhouse; modern cottage; 10 rooms, green-
house, stable, outhouces: with flan pasturaga
for horse and cow; lot .73x112:8. 8i Lee ivt.
south of, Ingleside Coursing Park.
Ml«CEU.A\EOfS POn RALB.
LOOK at that beautiful two-etone diamond and
turquclee Klpgy rina f Or J40. worth $S5. at
UN--LE HARRIS'. 1; Grant ave.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine, foldlng-
t'Qrt. buivau and lounge; bargains. 700 Eddy.
GASOLINE >.i;lnr-!. new and second-hand; all
*ise»; cheaj.; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56
Bluxome st
ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery st. sell
at low figures all makes of second-hand
typewriters.
FOR rale— Lace curtain*, parlor tables, parlor
clock^flne canary lingers. 140 Seventh st.
BICYCLE— Fine, high rrad* rent's" wheel, good
jas new. cheap for oash. Box 1S73. Call offlce.
NINE weeks' old cocker pups; black and red;
6tock. ROBINSON, 1S23 Turk Et^
THOROVGHRRED Scotch Collie doe. S months
old. 142.-. Grove st. North Berkeley.
A— 2P-TON Howe wagon ncale; compound
beam. Apply at £18 CallforrJa >t
THRIX a<-tfn rhoire layinn pullets for sale
<-heap. 7*SU Fourteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS second-bana 1 modern entries and
I boiler* boupht and soH. KP.OGH MFG. CO.
1 ONE ru h. p. Hercules; 1 4 h. p. Hicks gaso-
line .-r.sine: good order: bnryriin. Ct Ml"ton.
I SD-HAXD fteam. pa?. «!!. water ar.d air ma-
chinery boucht and soul. White, 51S Mission.
POP.TARLE CTBlnrs. boilers; iron an-1 wood
planers, lathe?; Id-hand. J. Burke, 129 Iieale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern eDods
bought sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
PAFKS— New ar.1 second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-433 Pacramer.to **..
MAGTO larrein* new ar.d Jd-hand moving
pictures. BVLLAKP * BHECK. 131 Po«- nt.
SAFES'— New and -.-ron-i hand: all size*. THE
WAI.TZ SAFE. 3 S-111 Market «.. San Fran.
$StISCBL£A*~E6C9 \VA.\TS.
WaXTED — Good gentle horse suitable for lady
to drive: ptate color, age and price. Ap-
ply bax 1H4. Call offlce.
TVAXTED — A lathe for light machine work
tbat can be run by foot or electric power. Ad-
dress Box 12T>. Call office.
A-KLEIN pays be*t price for clothing, bric-a-
brac cid gold. 10? Sixth st. : phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' nr.d cents' cast-ofT clothing bought &
sold. Pnvcrrran, SS4 Folsom: te!. Folsom 11S1.
WANTED- rprlght piar.n for cash. 5! ll
¦WHTTKH-RAn -iTin Market >t.
BUSES aM) MIM\G.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
TThy not ask questions about them?
? \f t ? ? ? ? •
VTe can answer them to the point!
!!!!!!!!!
That means to your satisfaction.
Every buyer of these stocks— and there are
hunfir-fls of them— ia pleased with his In-
vestment
PAT AS YOU OO.
The cash nrioe for January la six cents.
BUT ON THE INSTALLMENT PLAN.
Seven cents Is the prioe for January,
Installments to suit
It Is easily bought either way.
The Honteruma Mining Co. is out of debt
now, ar.d will nerer go Into debt; its IS fine
properties fifty miles from Tacoma carry from
15 to ZS i>er cent copper; under the laws of
Washington the stock Is non-aasessable.
ilONTEZUJtA COPPER IS A MONET
MAKER.
Call or send for printed matter, and learn
something about copper that you •
don't know cot.
The tnfrrrmatien shan't cost yoa a cent and
you can do as you please about buying.
THE AMERICAN GCARANTY &TRTJSTCO
SeT'rg A rents,
313 Safe DepoKlt Building.
San Franclsocs Cat
MIXTNTJ PROPOSITION.
$35,000— Goli mire In Calaveras Coonty for
Bile: purchaser can put tfp small deposit and
work the mine 1 year without additional pay-
ment; this Is a firnt-class opportunity for the
right man. ALDEN CO., 111S Broadway, Oak-
land.
FOR sale or exchange — Claim on well-known
stream in Klondike; owner In city. Address
box 1ZS1. Call office.
Mn\K V Til 1 LOA*.
AA — BEST rates p.nd easiest terms.
Beccni Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial prrfbleTcs of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHT, 630 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay en furniture, pianos, etc.: do
I not borrow of your friends or you will Io6e
their friendship; do businens with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms t and 10, 90S Market st
ANT amount at ( per cent: 1st td and Sd mort-
ga«re«. undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; moruragee and legacies bought; no de-
lay; yet my terms before doing bucinens else-
wherr, R. McCOLGAN. U Montgomery, r. 1
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORA.'N A OLSEN.
HIGHLT respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
e«t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Rtore. 84« Market
et.; tel. Main 1M4. Branch 19 Third st
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONB. 11 Montgomery st
MOST reliable rlaee to borrow on diamonds
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
"highest price fcr oil gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal; no commission: strictly conflden-
tlat Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. »01 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Bt, room M.
1100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver.
»*alBklns, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant av*.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' . Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. tn Sansome, rm. 2.
U>ANS. 1st or 2d mtgti; city, country; «%; undi-
vji*ed tnts. : ertateg. HARPER, 337 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Ealary Loan Co.. 3C6 Parrott build-
ing-; men can secure loans on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salarle": New Tork plan.
THE TOUgLET CO..' 3M Parrott bldg.
MONET t«. lo*n on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lrflorser. MORRELL. «03 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. B. F. DSnyunt Agency. 143 Phelan big.
Ml'SICAL I.VSTRUMEXTS. j
CHTCKERINO J75
Great Union 90
Haines Bros i00
Hallett A Davis iss
Fherwood * Son......... 151)
Kramer Bros '..... ISO
Benrlder 190
Arlon 190
Schledemeyer l?0
Rterling 225
Curtax 240
Standard 2S5
OMiover 230
Easy payments If desired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell
st. Checkering Agency. '
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
•asiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of the'.r grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new &teinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold 'or $6 cash snd
$* per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAT A CO., 8telnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter *t*.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land. ¦
>.BSOLCTELT the oldest and Unrest houoe
west of Chicago Is KOHLER * CHASE'S. 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrell et. : pianos, organs and
all rther musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
LEFT on sale. «S5. Hnllet & Davis upright;
coat $675. Room 1%, 21" Geary st.
NEW upright Rohmer. half price; causa, death
> In family. £640 Nineteenth street
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SA»ja.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
215-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
113,000— Northwest corner of Jones and Wash-
ington sts.; corner; 68:9xi:7:S feet; elegant lo-
cation to build flats; grand marine view.
JSOCO— Valencia St.. near Fourteenth; lot $0x
ICO feet to twenty-foot street In rear; terms.
$3500 cash, balance on bank mortgage at 4 per
cent
$410*— Lot SB. corner Washington and Lyon
sts.: a corner 21:2x1.0:4 ft: very cheap.
J3S00 — Lot and Imps. ; north line of Washing-
ton st, near Leavenworth; sold to close estate.
$3760— Lot west line of Van Ness ave.. neax
Union st; $3x105 ft; ready to build.
We have a number of very choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we are>
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at office.
$9000— Pacific ave.. near Pierce st: 40xl37:§ 1 -4
feet: beautiful residence lot; best portion of the
avenue; price reduced to make quick sale.
*40CO— Corner Oak and Baker sts. ; 2SxM:10H:
facing Park Panhandle.
$10,500— Liberty St., near Guerrero; the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114: residence of 11
rooms and bath.
$2000— West line Chnrch st. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15: modern: lot 23x100; a bargain.
$20.000— Reduced from $23.0(W: north side Sac-
ramento st., near Van Ness ave.; fine resi-
dence: large let. 63:3x12? zsH-
$l»o*— Price reduced from $2350; modern cot-
tage on Second ave . near Point Lobos: 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x12*: or 50x120 for $2750.
$8000— Thre* modern flats; Jackson St.. near
Broderlck; rents $7» aO: for sale at lesa than
cost
$5000— Marine view: modern cottage: Chestnut
st. near Hyde; 6 rooms and bath; lot 27 :i
mil
$2730 — Marine view: corner of Vallejo st. near
Jones: 14:6 front: Improvements rent for $21.
$12.500— NW. cor. Page and Lyon sts. ; modern
residence: 12 roorrs and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms; lot 32:SxS5.
$22,500— California, and Octavla sts.; 6S. cor.;
fine residence lot; building now on lot to b-»
removed; size 63:9x137:6.
$21C0— And your own terms; new cottage, 5
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
sts.; lot 26x126.
$3X000 — Sutter-st Investment: monthly wits
$305; will pay about 9 per cent net; lot 40x110
feet: with substantial of flee building; always
rented.
$23.500— Third st : 2-story brick building: rents
to one tenant S139: lot 2Sx75 feet
$3259— Reduced from $3000; elegant Presidto
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout: finished base,
menl with furnace, etc; lot S4:4Uxl27:S 1 *: fln«
marine view.
$7000 — Very pretty home on Ashbury Height*
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furnished; let
J3xlSfi:S. to rear street.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
IIS -220 Montgomery st. Mills building.
MADISON A BURKE.
Established January, 1IS3.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
656 Market st, op^oeite Palace HoteL
$3530— Ellis st, near Hough; front and rear
house; rent $30; lot 23x13): with small expens*
this can be made to r«y well.
$2300 — Broadway, r.car Jones: must be sold;
rent $18; thl3 is in pood condition.
$<C0O— Pine st., near Bcott; S flats: rents
$37 SI; lot 25x187 :«.
$7100— 3 flats: near OTarrsll and Webster:
well rented; lot 23x90.
Laundry building with S Cowing wells of At
water, tanks, barn and lot lMxlSO, on north
line of Lombard st, bet FMmore and Steln-
er: also lot 152xlM on Chestnut st. in roar:
rents $73 per month; must be sold on account
of non-residence.
Bush-st. corner, near Keamy: lot €0x70. with
large, substantial bulliilnga; rents $230 per
month.
Ulsslon-st bargain, near Twelfth; large lor:
new Improvements, store and Cats; rent $110;
price $13,000.
$19,600— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90,
with 2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich st3. ;
Just the place for a grocery.
$S.">00— An elegant north corner In the Presidio
Heights district: 60x00; this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
$SM0~Bush st., near Webster; t rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior: 27x100.
$7000— Harriet St. near Howard: lot 50x73;
rent $s«.
$18,000— An elegant marine view house. In the
best of condition: will take a smaller house
for part pay If not too far out
Sutter rt. . corner of Buchanan: 85x37 :<: only
$3X10. MADISON A BURKE. «28 Market st.
HOOKER & LENT 14 Poet st.
j;00. 000— Near Market and Kearny: rents $1300.
$37.EflO— Kearny-st corner; rents $330.
J25.000 — Corner near Leavenworth and Taylor.
$17.500 — ElllB-st. eoroe/r; rents $155.
$15.<yiO— Larkin st, near Turk; rents $90.
$13,000— Near Sutter and Taylor: rents $140.
$18.500— Near Van Ness and Sutter: rents $1"".
$11.800 — Haight-et. cor., or. Market: rents $3J.
$9.750 — New flats; near Park; rents $32 SO.
$7,700— New flats; Poet st: rents KX
$2,150— Harrison-st fiat?; rents $C".
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Pest st
$lS,e<50— RENTS $380 PER ANNUM.
Two nice bay-wicdaw houses en the sunnr
side of Pine st; must be sold to close sn
estate: lot 55x110; will sell separately. G. II.
UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New Resolutions for the New Tear.
Invest Your-Surolus In a Good Lot
$1PO. $2» and $300— Very best Ocean Boulevard
residence lots: none can beat us; only $3
monthly.
$3C0 to $300— Graded Sunset. 19th ave. Boule-
vard and Richmond lots; $19 monthly.
$73' to $100— Level lots near Mission and Saa
Maleo electric ears; $5 monthly.
$300. $750. CCCO and $1500 each— 4 splendid eot-
tages; good locations: near cars; large lots;
payments same as rent
Branch offlce— •th ave., near H st. Sunset
POL OETZ A BROTH FR,
Room S4. Chronicle building.
$J50ft-RENTS $1238 PER ANNX'M. '
To close the estate the price has been
greatly reduced; substantial Improvements;
10 flats; always rented: near First and How-
ard sts.; mortgage ot $5100 can remain; this
property will pay fully 15 per cent per an-
num net: one cf the best paying Investments
i In the ctty: 5CxS0. O. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st v - ¦
HAVE you a medium-sized residence either on
Guerrero. San Jose ave.. Church. Chatta-
noo;a. Fair Oaks or cross streets, not b--
yond 24th, that l« modern built that yoa ar»
wllllni to sell very ch»ap? Then call on
W. J. GUNN. E3rt California St.. betweea
Montgomery and Kearny.
II' you have property north of the Park an 1
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. KO California st
$7CX>.
Coxy Western Addition residence, near
Webster and Pine sts.: lot 27:tt-foot front:
. sunny side of the street: owner a non-ro-
dent: will accept part cash. O. H. UMBSEN
A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— An exceptions! bargain tn that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date resMence. TJ5' Cole
st; new; elegantly decorated: open dally.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans an>t
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1H7 Mission.
REAL ESTATE (OIVTHV — for Sale
O. H. UMB8EN * CO..
14 Montgoraerr st.
$4*00—12 acres tn town of Ple«santon: all tn
full bearing; prunes, cherries, plums.
peach»e and apricots: over 13C0 trees;
good (-rocm house, large barn: all highly
Improved: price has been reduced from
$. r sco: this will not last leng.
$1300— Good 2-story house and large lot; off
Red wood road.
$3400—4 acres, near Haywards; all tn full bear-
ing fruit; g-*vl house; well watered.
$13 per acre: 134 acres, near Willows. Glenn
County, all rich farming land; this la
a bargain for a wheat farm.
$14T*— 30 acres, just north of Uklah. Mendoclno
County: half mile from railroad: new
t-story houae; larse barn: all fenced and
tn grain; near school: flne ehlcxea ranch.
$1200—160 acres, net far from Lower Lake, Lak«
County; 80 acres fenced; house and barn;
a splendid bargain for 10 days only.
$2500— New. house of t rooms with has?ment and
attic; In flne location In Belmont
$3CC0— IS acres en Menlo road, near Redwood
City; Improved.
13009 — « acres, near Los Outre; 10 acres In
prune* and reaches: in good eondltirn;
10 acres hay land; good house, barn an i
outbnildlnsa.
$5C0 — 10 acres) at San Martin. Santa Clara
County.
$7»>-*0 acres, almost adjoining Redding 1 ; 10
acres under cultivation.
All of the above are bargains.
Call er write for our new catalogue
containing splendid bftrxalns in many of
the best counties in California.
R. S. BROWNE.
Manager Country Department
14 M^ntg^mery st
FINE residence for sale In Loa Gatoe: nine-
room house with modern conveniences: lot
£0x120; choice variety of bearing fruit trew;
five minutes' walk from depot: price $22X>.
Inc/Jire of W. C. CAMPBELL. Los Gatoa. or
F. MASON. *!S Maine st. Vallejo. Cat
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, sells and «x-
changes city and country realty; printed
lists: Sonoma, Santa Clara, Shasta and all
other counties,
$3 AN acre." l?0 acres, deerted homestead; clear
ereek land, for vegetables; Coos Co., Oregon.
M. GRIFFIN. 711 Msritet. nr. Call bulldin?.
FINE, complete home. 7^ acres: hearts* tre«s:
good buildings. M. NORTHRUP. Dimona
P. P.. Frnitvale.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty.
. MBSICAL IXSTItCMESTS.
AN opportunity of a lifetime. Will sell the
following pianos: Guild $87 M
Novella upright 67 00
Weber 123 00
2 Heincs :$290 and 490 00
Hallet-Dovls 498 CO
SO new pianos at $152. HEINE PIANO CO..
I 217 Geary ,t.. agents Hallet-Davis, oldest and
I most famous pianos in existence. Our new
I rent contract you have privilege to return
! piano if not satisfied.
.THE Zeno Mauvais Music Co.. 769 Market st,
are offering the best bargains In planon that
are to be found In this city. They offer flne
Decker & Son. Packard, Baumelster. Straube.
Gilmore or. Arlington, at lowest prices and
allow you to pay in small Installments if you
I prefer. Any piano sold will be taken In ex-
, chanre for a Decker at any time. Pecond-
| hand instruments at special bargains always
on hand.
AN elegant stock of new uprights: also a few
flne second-hand, from $50 up. Call on us
before buying and save money. J. DEWING
CO., 18 Flood building.
FOR ?ale or r»nt— A flne upright piano; terms
moderate. 858 Mission st 1 ¦
BARGAIN— Mu«Fbe gold: nice uprirht piano.
SCHmTZ. 16 McVlllfter st. next Hib.BanH.
A NEARLY new irrand nr.riTht cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HOHNT'NO. SIS MjAlllster st.
I-XECiAN'T 2-pedal upricht: sa<M-in><«: leavln?
city: ftanJarrt rr«ke. 3*4 Golden Gate «ve.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos in storage;
dirt cheap. 'Wilson's Storage. 1T10 Market st.
P.YRON MAUZY. agency Pohroer & Co.. Byron
Slauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. 808 Poet
SPECIAL sale — Imra-nse reductions: see our
lead»r. only $UX). BHCEXN. gO8 Post st.
I IVFEDAL aarllht: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving e'.ty. 2IC3 Mifslcn at.
i I.'IOH-nP.Ar.E p'aTicB-. St»ck. Han!a»n. Con-
| ever * oth-rs. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
AT KEPFFE'S. ?:3 Market ct.. 4 elegant up-
rtirhts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
PEPT rent Ff>ck in <-!ty: new pianos, S3 per
month. gCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
ST*PF.RIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WKEJfP news fo* S cents — The Weekly Call.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO^LETj^
NEW rtore, 4 rooms, bath, yard; splendid lo-
cal ion for grocery cr butcher, pork, produce,
delicacy business. Apply 230 Crescent ave.
FOR RENT; $12 — Store and three living rooms;
larce yard and stable. S3O6 Twenty-third st
$1S-8TORE. 3 rooms, bath, cellar. 1417 Pacific
st. near Hyde.
$15 — CORNER store, 3 rooms. 323 Bryant st,
between First and Se<"ond.
. OIL.
PROBATE sale of oil stocks belonging to the
estate of H. L. Woods; 400 shares of Diamond
Star. 100 shares of Sovereign, 2000 shares of
California, 5000 shares of Sur.?et King; call
and make an offer. C. F. MOORE, 985 Mar-
ket st., rocm •-
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil lands; has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital in
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman. Sec, 8th floor, r. 33, Mills bldg.
10, W) SHARES oil stock; 2 pumping wells, third
dri'.llrp, contract let for more; should soon
ray dividends: solid company, owns valuable
lands: office price 25c. my price 13c, par value
II. Box 1273, Call office.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANOR.
Country eorrewwindence -solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24 — tS — TT, Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a company If
taken immediately. J. S. EWEN, 123 Cali-
fornia St.. room 407. Ean Francisco, Cal.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. R.
TJeTTtnn. Csrroen & Pomw, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAIXTEIIS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall p«E>er. window shades; rooms papered. $2
up. J>rmti & Bath. y>« Sixth lit. : open evening*.
i 1
PALMISTRY. %
MRS. BALDWIN, late of the Chlrologlcal Col-
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school in
thi« city: scientific palmistry taught; read-
ing hours 10-12 and 1-5. 209 Powell st
Arrived— Prof. A_ Myers, the celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation $1.
1425 Mission, nr. nth; 10 to 12m. 2 to S p. m.
H. JF.ROME FOSSELLJ. sclentlflo palmist, S15
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Pout: tcl. Black 561.
PARTJTERS WANTED.
WANTED— Will give moneyed man a half In-
terest, If he will back me in a more aggres-
sive real estate business than I am now con-
ducting.' Larger office, more extensive adver-
tising contracts and additional employes re-
quired, and this takes money. Prospects for
a flne paying business in Ban Francisco realty
never brighter. I know my business and am
well equipped. Address Realty, box 1272, Call.
PARTNER wanted; tanbarit and hotel site.
Address P. LUPTON. Acorn P. P.. Cal.
PATEXTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GFO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
INFORMATION wanted of DAVID OR JO8A-
FETA MULFORD; lived In or near San
Francisco within eight years; give present
address of either or time and place of death;
property Involved. M. C, box 1241, Call.
REFINED young widow desires acquaintance
of gentleman of means; references ex-
changed; object matrimony. Box 1245, Call.
TOUNG man, 32, wishes correspondence with
young lady; object matrimony. Box 1188, Call.
THE Star Hair Remedy can be had at all lead-
Ing drugglEts and hairdressers; it is guaran-
teed to restore gray and faded hair to natural
color, cure dandruff, stop falling and grow
new hair; ask for tt; take no other. The
Etar Remedy Co., San Francisco.
ARE you bald? Is your hair gray or falllngT
Have you dandruff? I guarantee a cure.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 6 Eddy Bt.. rooms 73-74.
PRETTY little girl baby for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth et, Alameda.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
person* addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE, 726 Blxth ave., Richmond District.
KAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-eecond it, N. T.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st
GENTS' tailoring cut evenings; piece work or
patterns cut reasonable. Box 1270, Call office.
18 OR $8000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
FINE suits. $10; drees pants, $2 7$. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it.
A— $3 tO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st. near Pine.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
V. CONDORY, M. D.. assistant physician to
Dr. W. T. Garwood; office hours. 10 to 12, 2 to
4, 6 to 8 p. m.; tel. P.rown 131. 801 Butter st. i
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
GREAT curiosity; a pi-trlfled fish; fee 25c. 830
Market St.. parlor 37. •
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE coetumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 783 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'B French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
MME. HOPKINS" new discovery for rheumatism;
positive cure. 9C6 Market, office 22. 2d floor.
ALFREDUMB Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Us natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and b*ft in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United gtates or Canada one year for $1.
HHYSICIA.%8 AND SURGEONS.
-DRTcTa~O'DONNELL- Office and residence,
If2m Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
PKOPEHp' WANTED.
WANTED— Income property for cash: roust be
bargain. A. }'.. 6PECK * CO.. SS7 Market
REALTY TO EXCHANGE. . v
TO ' EXCHANGE— Two (2) choice building lots
in Oakland for Tacoma or Seattle property.
• C. P. CURTISS, 1104 Pacific ave.. Tacoma.
Wash.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st
BOVEB, TOT & BONNTAO,
Real Estate Arents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market St.
$?1,000— Lot 46:10x117:8 feet on Spear st. near
Howard ; this is one of the finest lots in th«
district.
IIO.CCO— Broadway-et. corner; lot 137:6x137:8
feet, with residence of 10 rooms; 2 flats and
a cottage; but one-half of the ground Is Im-
proved; this is a bargain and a good invest-
ment: pays well.
$18,000— Lot and Improvements on Steiner-st
corner: lot 31x120 feet; 8 cottages and t flats;
rents $118 per month.
$15,00O-Powell st.. near Sutter; lot 8tx77 feet
with house and ! flats on; renting for $90 per
month; mortgage of $5000 can remain.
$12. 00©— Ninth et.. near Howard; lot 37:6x100
feet, with 2-story building; rents $S3 per
month.
$12.UD— Ellis st., north side, near Oough; lot
«xl27:Sii feet.
110.000 — Lot and Improvements on Harrison
Bt. : store and flats above ; rents for SSI per
menth; lot Z5xS0 feet
$3000— Lot 50xlW feet on Twenty- fourth st,
near Bryant: 1 dwelling of IS rooms and I
fltts; rents for 165 per month.
J ¦>.>¦: O— Webster si- . near Post; lot 23x90 feet;
t flne flats of S and 6 rooms and bath each;
rents for $55 per month.
$T7o0— Grove-ct. flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
bflth each; rents for 179 50 per month, over 1
per cent per month on Investment; lot 25x120
feet.
$S75O-Lot»and improvements on Twenty-sixth
rt., near Mission; lot 44x165 feet: S flats; rents
$U5 per month: mortgaged fcr 14000.
S5SG0 — Masonic ave.- brand-new house of 10
100ms and bath: modern in every respect; lot
£5x100; to be sold at a bargain.*
$'250— California St.. near Larkln; lot 23x80
ft-et; old improvement*: renting at $50 per
month; can be Improved to pay well.
$3000— Clinton Park, near Guerrero st ; house
of 7 rooms ar.d bath; rents $27 50 per month;
let K:ta75 feet
$I5C0— Twenty-sixth it, near Guerrero; lot
JSxlOO feet; 1 -story cottage of 7 rooms; »ents
$Ifl per month.
$2500— Hyde st. near Union; lot 42x88 feet;
Email cottage of 3 rooms. '
$700— Lot on Twenty-second st. near Doug-
l&ss: lot 26x85 feet
$700 each — On easy terms; lots 25x114 feet; on
Tenth ave., near California st
Further particulars of . BOVEE^ TOT S tt
BONNTAG. . - .
LTON A HOAO.
114 Montgomery st
CHOICE INVESTMENT— VICINITY PINB
AND POLK.
J8500— Extra large lot £0x137:8: rent J60 net;
- no water; no repairs; land alone worth
the money; lot only partially Improved;
rent can be Increased at a small ex-
penditure.
GREAT BARGAIN.
$3500 — Mono cash, balance monthly; Presidio
Heights residence; Laurel st, near Sac-
ramento; 1^-etory house. « rooms, "bath;
10-foot basement; lot 25x112:6.
NEW CORNER FLATS.
$4250— $500 cash, balance monthly; Noe st,
one block from Castro-st cars; up-to-
date In every re.iix>ect; rents well.
$2350 — A great banraiu; cottage 6 rooms and
bath: lot 30x100; Twenty-fourth St.,
near Mission; land alone worth $2750.
$4(00— Rent $54; fine interest-paying property;
Vallejo st, near Mason; Improvements,
flats and houses; lot 4IxlS7:6; very
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$10,000— Prominent corner at the Mission; sub-
stantial building; grocery and saloon; I
flats above; lot 60x80; rent $100.
PATS 9 PER CENT.
$14,500— Three handaoro* corner flats, front Park
Panhandle; sun all day; contains 8
rooms, baths and all conveniences; lot
32xlC0: offer wanted.
CHOICE MODERN FLATS.
$5600— Rents JS7 50; close to Panhandle; three
' handsome flats: lot 27:6x100; a good,
steady investment
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$4000— A splendid Investment; 8 stores, ooeu-
pled by barber, shoemaker and crock-
ery; rent $40; lot 44x80; good location;
prominent strett at the Mission.
MODERN COTTAGE.
$S00O— Second ave.. near Clement; contains <
rooms and bath; lot $5x130.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Pays 11 per cent; 8 swell flats; up-to-
date in every detail: kitchen In center
of building; one of the best Investments
on the market
LTON A HOAG.
114 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.)
51$ CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20. COO — Corner on Montgomery ave.| stores
and lodging-house; rents $178 60.
$13.000— Broadway, near Mason: 84:4^x117:*;
8 new flats and rear house; rents $145.
$18,500— Comer Stelner and Waller sts.; 4Sx81|
store and 2 flats: rents $63 90.
$12.000— Union st, near Taylor; 88:0xl28:tr S
modem flats and rear house; rents $99 60. ¦
$10, 000— Stockton st, near Sacramento; 40x187:1
with L 26:3x56 on Prospect place; old improve-
ments; rents $25.
$6000— Lombard et., near Dupont; 40x90 to rear
street; 4 flats; rents $59.
$6CC0— Green st. near Dupont; 16:6x80; 8 bay-
window flats; rents $55.
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats: rents $4L
$4500— Keamy 6t\ near Union; 10x50 to rear
street; 8 houses; rents $3? 25.
UNIMPROVED.
$30.000— Corner Broadway and Broderlck stx
187: 6x275.
$12,600— Corner Clay st. and Central are.; 86:8
x!30: will BuWivide.
SSOOO— Cor. Cole and Carl; 10O:7x87:S.
$1.600— Greenwich St.. near Taylor; 45:10x117:6.
$£000— Polk St.. near Chestnut: 107:6x87:6.
$3500— Fulton St.. near FUlmore: 82:6x137:1.
. $3000— Laguna st. near Page; 28x100.
$8000— Stelner st. near Waller: 24x81.
$2780 each— Post st. near Devlsadero; t lota.
J?COO— Waller st, near Stanyan: 15x100.
$lE00— Butter. St.. near Lyon; 35:$xl00.
$500— Clement st, near 24th ave.; 25x100.
JOHN PFORR. 408 Pine St.. near Montgomery.
$70,000— A centrally located property; a bar-
gain.
$10,000—6 cottages and lot 100 ft front by 82 :«
ft depth; on Eddy st, near Scott.
$575&-Rent $535 per annum; a flne 8-story
house, store and 8 flats upstairs; on Geary st.
Dear Flllmore. ..
$5750— A flne two-flat house; on sunny side of
Post st., near Webster.
$4000— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle prop,
erty on Oak st. near Central ave.; flne cottage
of 6 rooms and bath: lot 25x110.
$11,000— Rent $123; corner property In a grow-
ing manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
flats. . -, . -
$3500.
Corner In a choice part of Point Lobos
ave., consisting of grocery store and flat of
6 rooms and bath; renting for $31 per month;
lot 25x125. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
$1600— BARGAIN; cottage of 5 rooms and bath
In good condition; lot £2x114; tn the warm belt
of the Mission: near 2 lines of cars. Apply to
H. L. -REA. 403 Washington st
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent 824 Montgomery st.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114 faet.
$1600— North line Carl st, near Stanyan; 25x
1*7:6 feet.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHT. CO Market; 3d mortgages; estate*.
I1H1.P WAWTKO— MAL3E.
WANTED-Recrults for the Marine Corps. U.
B. Nsvy. able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the agee of Jl and 15; not
l^^e than i feet 4 lnchrs and not over 6 feet
1 inch !n height: able to read, write and
rr*«k Fngllrh. For further information sp-
l'y at ite V.srtne Recruiting Oiflce 40 Ellis
ft... Fan Fmnc'.sco, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced stationery salesman:
state <"xper!encw, reference, ulary. Box 1215,
Ca" <-r.ce.
WANTED— Experienced draper and drapery
«!-?tr.iui; Mate experience, reference, salary-
r x :r:4. Can efflce.
TRAVELING eale?ma.n in the drygoM* line.
with reference. to take a rood side line.
Bos IIP. Call one*.
ANY arr.our.t to Joan rn your <!!amond«- low
:r.;<?rm. UNCLE HARRIP. IS Grant ave.
GKT your ebc~* half-soied while waltlnr: 2S«
T- SC«c, K2 Mission »t.. bet. :«t and £d *tg.
JAVITOR in large bulldlr.r: exp»ri*noe !n ma-
rhinery 4<>s'.rM. IW qbj, c&\\ offlce.
A MAX to Vast cut rtumps. Box 1I1S. Call
rfr.c*.
TARBER *h p ror sal*: complete with fixtures.
•1 Caytro r\.. <v>r. F1gnt»«T.th: *a orifice. •
EP.IHHT men of poo-! address: money ad-
vam-e-l to rljrV.t ;arty. Call between S and
• a. m at 3^ r<:st ct.
ALL «ls** men"? show. *lieht!y damsr-d half
prioe. tc; Mission St., bet 3st and Id sts.
PKNE1OCCS-J. R. Phepard & Co., old rellsble
firm, fty Market, rocm W. Phr'.xn building.
V"N" tn >am bart>»r trade. 7«A Howard st
B. F. Bartw School.
PATI/1P.S cnJlr.ary ?Mrr!*n an1 gT**n har.dj
_«i: ran* of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Stenart!
TVI SVHrPTCP. Hrw. <4 Third rt.. near Mir-
k«-t: Ton rr^rr« Be nirht: r-adfnsr-rocms; free
'bus «n1 barrage to an4 from ferry.
A BRANCH oit:* lor Osll advert:»ements an.1
sutaeriBtiocs h&s beta established at ie<S
Val>nr*.a ft.
CHFKFEST ar.d b*st in Atr.oica-Tfce \7eekly
fall. 1$ pages, sent te any address In th*
T nitfMi =•»•»« or Canada one year for tl
t>«>r> raid.
nn>ionni:oiDs.
ANT caa* of Piles. Piles. Pllea. PU«T orer~»e
r»rca.-!fr.t r-sres amor.c bus'nese men cf Pan
Frtnrtwo alor.e: men vrho can be !nt*rv1etre!l;
r.o surrery. ?alve« cr otrtrrer.t*: r.o lrrterfer-
pne* with b«5'.ne»« durtne treatment For far-
¦;»¦<>*• narV'-y'a'-* ail. PbvyViyr b"S 7V3. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For S«le
4* HQP.S'EI? for sale: also war^ns. ba*rie»,
carts, harr.e**. Grand Arcade Horse Market
S*T FfTtr. r'.: anrtl^n eaJe* every Wednesday.
F!"IJ.IVAS & riOTLE. Aact:oneers.
A— TROTTING horse fit to ro la train'.r.r fnr
Py fall rac'ng: F^e^dy ar.4 reliafc'e. R. W.
5COTT. Gayiord Stahies, Uth an3 Harrison.
KTVE. irentle horee. toe-«theT with snrre-v and
harr.ejs ir p*>od crier, for fs> ch«ar- STAN- ]
[XX MATALL, G::€ Kearsy ft. 9. F.
BAT mar*: «-rr:tle. fcai3dsr>Tij«. speedy. lnte'.U-
rert sr.d BuuisS: p<v>d for pleasure or busl-
r»?s: $> 1 - 43! Third st
TTT.KF. fart road harts; *!*o some good
bu-'i-epf h.irses, at 723 Howard st
FOH rs'.e-V'ood family ow. fresh. !26S Fol-
F*rn n.. bet. tith *vA 2?rh.
F---R «*•*— « tnA «»». with calves if desired.
J. F. TTTR1.K. Ar-r*l IfJanfi.
F<~'T? sale — Durban !-e1?er T* months old. Apply
JtStstaa Betel, Harbor View.
F^'PPTT cow ar.d two «a!ve.« for sale. Car.
TrrrrtJ'th an«1 Minn»*ota rts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-Pr.INTED LIST Reuses to let: send for cir-
™!»r G. H. CTCaMOg * O. 14 M^ntiromery.
GROVic. «;»_ Rouse c* • rar.T.j rxrss; modern
irrprm-ener.tt. Apply GS Orove st
FOLSOM. SJ-S — Bay wlad<r«r hosae. I rooms
acd bath: rent J2S.
S BOOMS, bath: r:* Gre*«.wi;h. ne*r Buehan-
ee: K-\ THE MCCARTHY CO.. «46 Market
< ROOSTS, hath and h*«ro«it: 14 Reed st:
rem tlk Apply at 1J2S 'Wasbinetnn rt.
13-BEAB Rmay hone. 3 rooms. 25:0 Califor-
r'a >t.: irrW rr!d<:ie fi*t
HOCSES TO IJETT FTR.\I$HED.
l»— rURNTFHED aUSi* Sat 6 rooms and
bathj Leaver -or nrth St., near Ca!!iV?rnla. F.
I? BCRKf HSIEL :i? M?ntfom»n' st.
HOUSES WATTED.
WAN 1 ; i:L> — ncnjse in rSelveflTe. rent not to ex-
cc*d rs. by the year. Adir»~sf< box-lT». CalL
VANTET>-f J '-jsi> cf 9 or 10 rocir.sr rer.t $40;
V.p^err. AHiticn. Bex 1TJ>. Call efflce.
TVANTET>— Pn-ni»he<« h^el i^ear Saa Fran-
r/.aoc. I\ct 122«. Call offle*.
norsE cleaning.
JAPA.NT'K Hoom Cleaning Co.. estab. ir»;
rer n .crr»'« to <"S OeTi^adero St.. tel. Fell 138.
HYPNOTISM.
PTtOF. RAYMOND: teaches hypnotism A majr-
netic k<^a:iTig for $5; five lessors. SS7 Market
LOST A.VD KOt.VD.
LO?T-In Oakland. January ». lady's gold
wintry.; No. of works. 1455TS5; marked MolUe
E Frost Ban Frandsoo. Nov. U. 1SS4. Re-
turn to :yy;H Po'.k St. San Frandsoo. or 568
Eirtiteecth st. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST-Huil'leT'e speciflcetior.s. The finder will
be rewarded by lfavlr.g at ny office, 415
Mortgorrery st C. GEDDES, architect
LOPT— Toto'.s* shell lonrnette <eye-glassAS>,
on LeaTenworth St.. between Clay and Pine.
Reward if returned to 232 Union st
LO?T — Fat-crday forenoon In San Francisco, a
t'M'J watch attached to nnppet pin. Liberal
reward will »>e riven by the owner, 1177
Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. Cal.
$.", TtETVART>— Lost Jan. 15 from 7700 Twenty-
fWM^ond st.. cor. Tork. Ll»wllyn setter pup;
lic<*n?e YZA: no q«e»tlons asked.
LOST— E'.ark and white Er^llsh setter deg;
UV^ral reward. S214 Jarkitcn Bt.
T"nT~NT> — Ftsjrhocnd : owner can have same by
Identifying ar.d paying expenses. 41 Sutter st
ANT old thing: alfco diamnnds. sealskins: mosey
on them: privat* entrance; perfect secrecy.
I'XCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
Wanted— OM gold for manufarturlng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. Sit O'Farre!!. bet. Powelf and Mason.
OLP crnld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
b"jgr.t J. R. JENKKU 817 Market st
A BRANCH offic« fcr Call advertisement! an4
subecrirtloRs has been established at IBM
Va !»nr!» St.
MEDICAL.
t>R. G. W. ODOXXELU moved to 10U Market,
opp. Cth; world -renowned ladles' speclaltct;
eafe, reliable; practloed in Ean Francisco for
years; treated thousands of eases successfully;
treatment can be used at borne; consultation
''¦»' After all ethers fall call on him.
KP.S. DP.. K<">HL, «37 Market rt.. cor. Sixth—
Bafe anfl reliable lailee' physician: treatment
tf : t ¦-•'t:ve cur* fruaranteed: when others fail
cr-,nrv\t free. imS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIK, 1MTH Market, expert en dis-
eases of women; IS years' practice In 8. F.. a
eure sruarante«d: XL at office; have cured thou-
fards cf resey; unexcelled suoceen; s«« free.
MR?. DR. WTETH. reliable upecialist: 2S yrs.'
srjoceesful practice: raaranteed treatment at
efflce. C; ary ».:itnent; botne for patients; con-
gu:t free. MI V^rx tt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln
EJt AND MBS. DAVTEfl. 122* Market— Ladle*'
¦peeialists: a years' practice; positive cure
ruaranteed: ladle* treated ean return san.e
gay; HTNTXX) HERn home cure; stamps, dr.
Xm. POTPER. MPJ?. PH. LA TOUR, ladles'
rpcciaVsts: new process; cure: no medi-
«lne:eyery woman her own physlcian.Sageamy.
KP.S PR. ALLEN. 1C3S Market-Ladleg' sne-
c'.a'irt: safe and sure ctin», IS; best <>are- low
f»*«: wten all rther* fail consult tr+». '¦
MW. DR. OWTCT. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st
DR NO TOT KFE rcren d!se« M by herbn;
anSCELLAJTEOCS FOR SALbI
BOILERS, engines. Sd-hand machinery i&o-
IN'TOFH * WOLPMAN, 195-187 Fremont st
BARK, back bars, mirrors, ehowcace!. counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
83 complete outf.t* on one floor, ready made;
we ran rh!p everything In S4 hours. j.
KOONAN, 1017. 1011, 1021. 1«$ Mission St.,
above Blxth; write for catalogue. .
BTT a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
V prr month; write for catalogue and price.
TTPEWRITini EXCHANGE. 419 California
st. ; rertals. new machines. $1 per month.
SAILING launch hull: 32 long and S-foot beam;
perfectly sound. Inquire at A. O. & P. Co.'s
cnekhouse at Mare Island, or address €!S
Florida »t. Vailejo. Cal.
FOR PALE- 3S42 Seventeenth st. a handsome
weJnut e13*board; cost $K9; will se)i at a
bargain. Call between 12 and S p.. m.
A — BTJTS. sells or rents gear machinery.' *n-
g'.atm, boilcrw. we ter pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAVf, OS Epear st
REAL ESTATE- -CUT fOil SALE.
BALDWIN 4 HOWElX,"~ '
10 Montgomery street.
$11.ECO— Laguna st. near Golden Gate ave.: 1st
30x87:6; 3 flats; rents $86.
$4,00O-Tehama st; rents $4«; lot 25xM.
$20,000-8eventh st near Mission; 100 feet front-
age; frame Improvements; rents $125;
near new Postofnce.
*7,K»— Corner Second and Silver ave.; lot
70xS5 ; 2-story bouse. -
$7.000— Rents $86; lot 60x75; store and fiats on
Ritch st.
$5,500— Rush, near Howard; lot SOxlOfi large
house.
$5,500— Rents $66; Natoma, near Blxth; eslen-
did improvements.
$3.300— Folsom. near Third; store and flat;
rents $30.
' $15,000 — Lot 25x73; store and lodging house; half
block from Fifth and Market sts.
$4,750— Rents $40; Brannan st. near Third;
four tenements: lot 37:6x137:6.
$3,000— Twenty-fourth, near Sanchez; lot 25x
114; two fiats; must be sold.
$5,600— Rents $54; Guerrero st; business prop-
erty, stores and flats; lot 37x87.
$12,600— Howard st business corner; rents $90;
store and flats.
$S.25O — Seventeenth st business corner, store
and flats; rents $70.
$3,000-Shotwell st; splendid block; lot SOx
122:6; house, driveway, stable, etc.
$1,500 — Easy terms; new cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; lot 2jx1uC; Mission warm belt.
$1.750— Dolores St.; nice cottage; lot 25x100.
$1,750— Church Et. ; big bargain; nouse, S rooms
and bath.
$6,000— Washington st, near corner: two-story
brick building, near Hall of Justice.
$45.000 — Sutter St.; down town; rents $210; busi-
ness property.
$11600— Rents $120; business corner on Wash-
ington st; brick building.
M.6CO — Rents $80; Sacramento st; nice loca-
tion; lot 35x137:6: five flats.
$4,200— Rents $57 50; beet bargain yet: corner
store and dwelling; down town location,
Sacramento st.
$350 — Cottage of four rooms, near Hyde and
Union sts.
$5,750— Rents $45; Pine st, near Taylor; fine
location for flats.
$17,500— Four large down town flats; rents $140
per months; extra large lot; Powell st;
flne view.
$10,000— O'Farrell. near Jones; three flats; pays
8 per cent net
$l«,MO~Rents $150; lot 61x1374; Montgomery,
near Jackson; large three-story brick
building.
$32.500— Lot 60x87 :«; McAllister st, opposite City
Hall; frame Improvements.
$37,600— Rents $250; near Larkln and Ellis ets.i
large lot: frame improvements.
W. 500— Rents $62 50; very cheap; three flats
near Larkln and Washington sts.
$14,500 — Business property on Larkln st; three-
story building.
$12,000— Rents $120; near Jackson and Kearny
sts. ; three-story brick.
$2,800 — Jones St., near Union: marine view;
house, six rooms and bath.
$14,000— Jackson et, near Hyde; three new flats;
rents $102 SO.
$19.000— Rents $177 50; three new flats: Califor-
nia and Jones sts.
$13,000 — Bush, near Powell; four-story and base-
ment; pays well.
$6,000— Pierce, near Halght; nice two-story
house, seven rooms and bath.
$3,500 — Marine view residence; Vallejo near
Buchanan; lot 40s 137: 6.
$3.600— Half cash; nice cottage; Frederick st.,
near Athbury.
$4.000— Broderlck st, near Washington ; cottage
of six rooms and bath.
$15,000 — Rents $110; Sacramento, near Devlsa-
dero: lot 56x177:8^.
$20,000— Sutter st corner, five houses; rents $160;
must be sold to close an estate; large
lot
$14.000 — Rents $110; elegant new flats opposite
Alamo Square, Scott st.
$12,000— Octavla st. corner, near Halghtt frame
improvements; large lot
$S.50O— McAllister st. near Laguna; rants $85;
lot 27:4x120 to rear street
$5,600— Lyon St., near Hayes; three Cats;
rents $60.
$14,5OO-Three flats, Hayes st; lot $5x127:?;
rents $100.
$8,000— Big bargain; two flats; Halght near
stelner.
$13,000— Rents $90; three-story frame building,
store, etc.; Halght st. corner.
$14,600— Rents $1CS; lot 55x100: Bush st corner;
store and flats.
$13, 500— Post st: lot 50x81 :«; three houses;
: down town.
j $1$, 600— Rents $114; three flats and two-story
house; Devlsadero st, near Geary.
$26,000— Large business corner on Flllmore sts
frame Improvements.
17,000— Rents W2; Fulton st, near Ootavla;
flats* etc
$6,000— Rents $43 60; two new flats. Golden
Gate ave.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE
Rare chance for home-builders and
Investment seekers. •
Choicest building lots on very easy
payments: on the H-street elec-
tric ears and fronting Gold-
en Gate Park and the
new 19th-avenue
boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades;
macadamised; plank sidewalks.
gas and water service.
Low Drioes— bound to increase In
value.
YOUR OWN TERMS. INTEREST
ONLT SIX PER CENT.
MONEY ADVANCED FOR BUILD-
ING PURPOSES.
Call at ones at our branch office
(open week days. Sundays and hol-
idays), corner H street and 9th ave-
nue, south of Golden Gate Park,
and ask. to be shown these beautiful
lots. Full particulars and price
lists also at our office.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
¦ 10 Montgomery street
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.'
A. M. SPECK A CO..
687 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KHARNY
12100-REDUCED FROM $2600.
Four flats; rents $30; all rented.
$3600.
Four flats; rents $43: downtown, near 4th st
Three choice flats; near Post and Taylor sts. I
pays 18 per cent:« feet front; offer wantedT
$5500-HTDE-ST. CORNER.
U-room house; lot 40x90 feet
Butter st. near Taylor; 'r«ry cheap.
$ll.060-$ BRAND-NEW FLATS.
Rented under lease for $102 a month- half
ca»h required.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness ava.i
rents $72; all rented. '
$9600— REDUCED FROM $1«,00<X
Market-st corner, store and flat.
$14,000.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson st
$14.O0O-REDUCED FROM $18,500.
Business property: same tenants for years-
store and rooming-house.
$l*.000.
Grand corner: Leavenworth St.; 80 feet front*
all rented for $123; mortgage $9000 can remain
at ( per cent.
$75,000— REDUCED FROM $$2,000.
Choice corner lot. 76-foot front; within half a
blcck of Market st; with old Improvements;
rents about JICO; the only corner that can b«
bought vicinity of Sixth st
$12,000.
Rents $100; > new flats: choice locality.
$20,000.
Corner, M feet front; vicinity Butter st, east
of Hyde; grand hotel, office or rooming-house
site; rents $107.
$53,000 INVESTED.
Grand corner: brand-new ¦ building; guaraa-
Ued lease pays $500 a month net
$15.000-VICINITY SECOND ST.
Corner 86x103 feet, with Improvements; rent-
ing for $150 per month.
This district is booming. :'?*¦.-.
$14.0OO-NEAR SECOND ANT> MISSION,
Lot 45x70 feet; rents nominal; a sure snan.
$20,000.
Sutter-st corner: S7:txE7:8; elegant improve-
ments; rents $1800 per annum.
$105,000.
Market st. near Call: 5 per cent nst.
A. M, SPECK A CO.,
667 Market st. opposite Keamy.
Correspondence solicited.
HAWKS A 8K ELTON/
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken ot
• t^ Property.
$17,000— Business property; Flllmore st, near
California; never vacant: rents $1450 per
annum; pays double what banks do.
13,500— Cottage and flats: O'Farrell st., near
Buchanan; rents $50; good Investment '
$i,000— North side of California St.. near Web-
ster; 10 rooms: in fin* condition.
$2,600— Corner lot; Larkin and Filbert sts. |
41x63 feet; very cheap; view of bay
$8,600— NW. corner Hyde and Filbert ets.' 60x
137:1 feet: flne view southward.
11,100— Lot; Stockton st; near Chestnut: KxiSi
flats on it would pay well.
$600— I/Ot on London st. near Russia; GOxlOOi
electrio care: ready to build on.
$9,000— Scott st, near Washington; facing
pretty park; choice neighborhood; ele-
gant home; I rooms.
$5,500— Nice home; Octavla st, near Broad-
way; 8 rooms, etc.; good neighborhood.
HAWK8 A SKELTON. 223 Montgomery st
MAKE A START AB OTHERS DID.
Instead of paying rent apply the same
money in paying off a new 5-room and bath
house on Hoffman are., near eleotrla car.
Twenty- second st
Four-room and bath on Hoffman ave.
Agent on Herman Tract
JACOB HEYMAN. 11T Butter si.
BOULEVARD lots fronting the ocean beach:
only a few left: street graded. JACOB HDY-
MAN. 117 Butter st
$S50— 4-ROOM house and lot 25x120, on Forty-
seventh ave. and J st.; Ocean Beach: on easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Butter st
" . . 36C00. ~~~
3 . flats en the north side of FW1 «t», ep-
peslte the Park Panhandle, containlns 4 and
I rooms and bath each; rents $43 per month;
lot 25x100. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
; gomery st . . ' . _ ' .'-----.
FOR a nice 4-room cottage on easy terms look
at tM Crescent ave.
$400— EQUITY; store and flat on Paelflo st;
mortgage 13500. Box 1283, Call office.
:-.,:,.,,/ ... ..... .. . X4C00. ~ ~~*
To eloee an estate; near Market and Seven-
teenth sts.; store and cottage; lot 50x100;
part - vacant Q. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14
Montgomery st
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
REAL ESTATE AQENTB.
14 MONTGOMERY BT.
CHHJAP COTTAGES.
$2300— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, near De-
vlsadero and Turk sts.; lot 25x90.
$1400— Neat cottage on Eighteenth st, near
Caatro-et cars; containing 4 rooms: lot
25x100.
$1300— Cottage of 3 rooms on Twenty-third it,
near Diamond; lot 25xUl
$1900— Bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
on McAllister St.. near the Park: lot SS
foot front; will arrange monthly pay-
ments If desired.
$3000— Bay-wjndow cottage on Bush st, In the
Western Addition: containing 6 rooms
end bath: lot 23x100.
J2500— Bay- window cottage of 8 rooms and bath:
on Twentieth St.. close to Castro-st cars;
' installments if deMred.
CHEAP RESIDENCES.
$3300— Cozy bay-window residence of • rooms
and bath; on Larkln st., near Lombard;
mortgage of $2200 at 6 per cent In a bank
can remain If desired; terms, cash; lot
{4000 — Nice residence of 7 rooms and bath on
Pine St.. close to Baker; mortgage o f
J2J0O can remain If desired; lot 25x137:6.
FLATS.
$4000— Three flats on Guy place, near Pirst and
Harrison ets. : rents J42 per month; lot
$40CO— SIt tenements near Sixth and Bryant
sts.; Jot iOxSO; rents $52 per month.
$3500— Rents %Zi per menth; 5 tenements near
Clay and Taylor sts.
f&OO — Five flats on Natoma st. ; renting for 143
per month.
$2000— Four flats on Dore st, near Harrison;
renting for $34 per month; lot 25x$5.
iiyy) — Make an offer; 2 nice flats and cottage
on small street In rear; near Greenwich
and Flllmore sts.; flats containing- 6 and
i rooms and bath each and cottage of 4
rooms: lot 37:6x120. to rear small street;
rents $32 per month: part cash.
S35O0 — Rents 132 per month: Z nice flats of 4
and S rooms and bath each; on Guerrero
ft., close to Twenty-second; in the warm
belt of the Mission; half a block from
Tw-enty-second-st. electric cars and the
Guerrero-st electrio cars pass the door.
$1200 — Two nice tenements of 4 rooms each in
South San Francisco; rents $16; lot 30x100
feet; must be sold to close an estate.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit
Now pocket map of San Frandsoo County tSo.
Call and cbtaln one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE
2£xlC5:».
13x70In Corneo and Labuan postage stampi
to the value of J10O.C0O were sold last year.
though the postage on the mall from
these two countries does not exceed WQ0O
a year. It Is the collectors who buy the
stamps.
OAKLANT>, Jan. 19.— Judge Hall has
cited City Auditor Breed to show cause
¦why he should not pav the -warrant of
Contractor Worthlng-ton for work done
on th» citv wharf.
This Is the payment which the Auditor
held up on the protest of the Building
Trades Council, alleging that Worthlnjr
tbn had worked his men more than eight
hours a day. The ca«<? Involves the con
stitutionality of the Slate eight-hour law.
Judge Hall will try It nest Monday.
Involves Eight-Hour ILaw.
She asked how the store got It and
learned from whom it was bought. Sha
immediately reported the matter to the
school principal. After conferring with
his associates the principal decided not to
prosecute the thief unitss forced to da so
by tho young man's own conduct.
OAKLAXD. Jan. 19.-The High School
authorities have for some weeks been
looking for a thief who has been taking
books from the desks of the pupils in the
school and have finally traced at least one
of the thefts to a boy In a lower class.
They decline to make his name public,
as they propose to give him a chance to
reform before taking: action In the mat
ter.
Tho losses of tha High School student?
since the depredations began have been
serious. Last Monday a young lady- In the
senior class lost a new book and the next
day went to a local store dealing In
second-hand school supplies to replace it.
The clerk handed her the volume, which
she at once recognized as the- one she had
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT
CONVICTED OF THEFT
The Retail Clerks' Association • of Oak
land ha3 elected the following- new board
of officers: President. H. Cabe; vice pres
ident, Ixmis Scheellne; recording secre
tary, F. A. Sinclair; financial secretary.
Harry Roesner; guide. W. Moore: guard
ian. James de La Rue. The association
will give a public Installation and smoker
on January 2S.
The sick benefit section of the. Alameda.
County Teachers' Association has selected
the following committees to have charge
of their work until the next semi-annual
meeting in August: Finance— Miss Ma
mie Campbell. Miss C. P. Leet. Miss M.
S. Pullman; petitions— Miss C. L. Betan
cue, Mlsa F. C. Sutherland. Miss A." 11
Richardson: appeals— Miss E. H. Hilton.
Miss Grace? Campbell. Miss A. B. McDon
ald; by-laws — Miss Mabel "Walton. MI33 S.
J. Hodgson. Mrs. E. D. Reynolds.
Tho Nile Club has elected the same
board of . directors that has served for
the last year— Abe P. Leach, Ben F. Wool
ner, Arthur H. Breed. W. R. Hume and
FTank Umphred. This board made th«
arrangements for the new rooms and put
the ciub In such prosperous condition
that the entire board was returned to of
fice. The Nile Club is in more prosperous
condition than ever before.
Mrs. 'William H. Friend, the head of the
architecture section of the Ebell Society,
has arranged an afternoon of unusual in
terest for January 28 next. In the selec
tion of her speakers and her subject Mrs.
Friend has been most wise. She has
chosen for her top!c "Library Architec
ture." a subject that Is near to Oakland,
as the new Carnegie Library building 19
approaching completion, and It is partic
ularly of interest to tho Ebelt Society,
for It •was the effort of that organiza
tion that purchased a site for th« new
structure. Mrs. Friend has used *reat
Judgment in selecting her speakers. V*.
B. Favllle of BII33 & Favllle. designers
of, tiia Carnegie Library, will tell some
thing about library architecture In gen
eral and the Oakland Library in particu
lar; Professor William D. Armes, a mem
ber of the board of library trustees that
? a S J . char ea the erection of the new
building, will also make a few remarks.
The third speaker will be Miss Mary
Floyd Williams. Tea will be served by
the ladies of the society from 3 until 5
o'clock. The decoration committee con
sists of Mrs. Gilbert Curtiss, Mrs W V.
Witcher, Mrs. A. Sutton and Mrs. C. L.
Jansen.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. 19.
The Ebell Society Will Have an After
noon Devoted to Library Archi
tecture-*-Ne-w Officers
Chosen. j
What Is Going on Among
the Organizations of
Oakland.
CLUB ELECTIONS
AND CLUB PLANS
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 1903.
lost
30
REAL ESTATE COUXTIIY — For Sale
A "PNAP"— Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to sacrifice at haJf actual vaiu» 72vt acres
<ml»rht FUbdlvlde) very best land and location
in the '•lovely Napa Valley." adjoining R. R.
station, near Napii City and steamer landing,
within free mail delivery; all highly cultivat-
ed level loam, new in crcp: not Inch of wa*te;
unequaJed fcr fruit, vines, corn, lovely home:
has rented for tlO a^re: oftered for $60; could
not buy adjoining land for less than 1150.
REMEMBER— I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
chaiiCT than ell other agent* !n S. F. ; 3000
ranches on my l!«t- State what's wanted
and pet reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. D. EICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary et.
WRITE or call tor Hst of
PAN" MATEO RESIDENCES.
FARMS. GRAZING AND MARSH LANDS.
ORANGES. LEMONS.
Buy a home In the orange and lemon colony of
Northern Callfnrria; no *oale; no frosts;
abundance of water for irrigation; In tracts
cf .'¦ acres and upward.
MrAFKR BROTHERS.
3OS Montgomery St.. S. F.
rORnCT/>PI"nr: rule Of tnall fruit ranch;
prrat bargain. JAMES MORSE. C3I Market
¦t.. room R.
BARGAIN'S — Country r«*al estate; sale or fx-
rhatiF'. ANT»nnw PRICE & OO.. 3n Krarny.
WRITE J. W. HORN. K12 Main. Petaluma, for
frre copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
$^"v>_|(-;j>r"AT bHrcain. SO fibres groin and
jrrape?: »-afy payment*. Rox 1283. Call.
CHF-ATEST and tw>5t In America— The Weekly
Call. 1* r»ees, sent to any address In the
T'r.ited Ftnt-*. »vgt^^1d. for SI rer year.
aiamedTadyertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
EVERYBODY SATISFIED.
G:tat BarKS.!r.s In Homes Sold Lart Week.
Money Refunded If Not Satisfied. j
Now I* the tin* to purchase a cheap bouse
or lot. Call and see us at cace.
Scree one's mirfortur.e your gain; you can
Kt cheeper r.cw than ?.t any time before.
Great barsrains in reajty: homes for sale be-
low cost. Here la a few of them.
$1650.
A f.ne 6-roora cottage; lot 45x13; all coni-
tiete; rcsdy to move into,
nir.o.
<; f ,.-en-r.--OTn colonial rryie cottaire; lot 42x113;
stable; en or^e cf the bo-st Ftrcets; snap.
esn.
Tfr.-rc>orn c'ttag'?; larre lot: r.ear Morton-st.
•Nation; must be sold to close estate.
Kl^gunt home r>* 7 t<>"<cts nnd bath; a choice
f'rr* of F!" o r*rty; lot CCxlIO; mast be eoM;
owner going East.
$;tta
TV-aut'.ful 10-room bouse; lot EOxlaO: best It>-
cation In Alameda; co«t fsooO; will be sacrificed.
An e!»rar.t residenc* of 1! rooms; beautiful
e-jrwufidmirF: stable and extra larre lot; cost
cricinally JI3..VO. Will be sold regardless of
If you fleslre c cottage horr.<" cr house In
Alasieaa be Fure and see us without delay.
We guarantee to sav? you money. Houses
fc-ji'.t, rented r.r.<2 fxcharipe'l.
ALAMEDA LA.VD CO1IPANT.
im Park ft.. AlaTie-la. and r> Post El.. S. F.
OfSce cpen Sundays ar.d evcnlr.ss.
ISM — COTTAGC * roorr.e an<3 bath; near 6chool
and rtalinn: fC*>0 cash, balance Jli £0 per
month; lot 31x127 :C.
tiHOO— TVith'.n the average man's Income; r.ew
modem up-to-date ccttsec. I rooms and bath;
near station and school; S230 cash, balance
e?rr.e as rent.
j;'T<V— Absolute b.irsain; In course of con-
Ftructl^n: cottage C rooms and bath: In warm
b^lt; ail street work done; basement all floored,
etc. ; lot 40xlW.
?3*iM— Elepant t-story house !> rooms and bath;
r'.l strr»t wcrk done; worth f.'OOO; near station
end echool: lot 30x108.
Ileuses to let in nil parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
lirr Parlc ft., Alpmeda. Cal.
TARGATNS for ir.vertrrs.
Pargaine fcr hemescekers.
Homes built on terms to rait.
Apply to G. R. DETN'KK. West Alameda
r.ejj n?tate Office. Webster st. and Cen-
tral ave.
Jimo— GOOD cottage. 6 rooms; lot <SxTM: S301
rash. 12". per month. JIS 1^— New cottage. 5
rooms; fir«» location: ICOO cash. New house S
rooms. SS-ri cash, $M r*r rror.th. J. H.
TOfyO. btilldT. li«2 Park st.
AL'i.MEDV FLATS.
T.'PPER flat. 4 ronn-.s ar.d bath: separate yard
and Pta.t>le. 1416 Ninth st.. Alain«-<2a_
ALAMEBA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
X\~Fl effer elerar.t ?u!t» of rooms and board in
r»!ect private home in Alameda to refined
'ouple: rffercr.ve!' required. Box CCt, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ICTTW neat cozy cottage: 5 rooms, Bath, larg*
hall, pantry, folding doers, pretty wooden
mantel, tiled Fink, porcelain bath, gas or
electric lights t>.rourrhcut the house, station-
ary waahstand and tubs, hot and cold water,
brick foundation, high basement; lot 40x110;
5 blocks frum ftaticn. school, stores an«l
churches: 1 block from electric cars; price
fl?00; only flM cash, balance $17 monthly:
rtop paying rent and be your own landlord;
take Berkeley train and pet off a.t I.#orin sta-
tion: ask for RI'DOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON: o?£c«» ciifn Sundays.
ICICE new cottage of E rooms, close to 6tation
end street cars; if sold at o=ce will take J1300,
i:00 down, balance Jlo per month. Take Eerke-
!ey train: get off at Lorin and Inquire for
RUT>OLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
MODERN eottasre of 5 rooms, high basement,
bath, pantry, closets: let 4!>sl25; good wind-
mill, tank an4 well: clace fenced end is a
pood home, close to local trains and street
cars, for some one; price tV/w, $100 «lown. bal-
ance ?15 per month. RUDOLPH. PERKINS
6 LYON. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
This Is our bargain day. and only one piece
like this will be cold; a fine corner 130x120,
with well, windmill and tank of water, en
the tunry side of the street, ar.d street work
<Jon* on frontage ; right In the heart of town,
and only SU0O.
To close an estate. 100 feet frontage, south-
ern «xx>C!wre. in the very choicest part of the
town, only three blocks from University
rround*. half way between two line of electric
railroad, offered $23 a foot less than adjoining
property to make quick sale; a thoroughly
po-xJ Investment: lose no time, for only one
person can buy It.
$4S00— In the lovrly Daley Scenic Park Tract
new house of 8 rooms arid bath, flne corner
lot. grand view, near President Wheeler's
house.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN, ad-
joining Portofflc*. Berkeley.
J400— Lot In Scenic Park, two blocks of Col-
legre.
$1000— Fine building eiu close to college
WtcISS.
$1600— Lot 40x119. en Cn!on et.. one-half
block of College: Telegraph and Dana etreet
electric cars; street work all don©; worth
ftooo.
?:.0C0— Modern up to «ate mansion: etreet
ful'.y improved and near University
!2a#— Finest, most sightly building- E ite In
town: 100x125; etreet work and cement walks \
done; a ena?.
MAT & MORTIMER
fFcrrartr O. Q. M^ * (jo*) * 8Utl0B -
flSOO— NEW 5-rooa eottag* on eunny elde of
street. 2 blocks to cars; $100 cash, balance $l£
per month. W. C. MORAN.
$3300— XETT 8-room house, double parlors
r.atural wood finish dining room, fine mantel
and sideboard, porcelain bath, tiled sink, fine
wa«h room; cement sidewalk all around. the
rlice; 2 blocks to c*rB; ureet work all d ( -ne-
on* of th* beet streets In the city; bank
loaned T3000 on this place; J500 cash, balaoco
f49 per month: place win rent for JIG a month
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
FT^RKE'LEY — New modern 2-«tory bouse, only
1 block pouth of the university; only built
two years ago; cost $4800; will be sold for
(CS0. and Is worth JSCOO to-day; this would
make a f.ne Investment. JAS. S. NAISMITH
<r,2 Ninth st.. Oakland.
6- ROOM cottage, tank and windmill oa rood
lot; on paved etreet; In pood order; only
?:2tt). MAY & MORTIMER, 213 Center st
Ii<>rkeley.
OAKLAXD ADVERTISEMENT!
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL. ESTATE.
I $753 CASH, balance $13 M monthly till paid;
cottage of 4 large rooms; nice high basement,
brick foundations; large new barn: flne
chicken houses; 4 fln« brooderles. chicken
shr-Os and chicken runs; plenty of fine water;
near a f.ne school house, wide avenue and
boulevard; 1*4 acres more or less, all fenced;
rite, climate and soil the very best; this Is a
property w#ll worth 'ceelng, and Is a very
great bargain; with a nice younir fruit or-
chard In bearing: price all told, jlSOO. Call
or eenfl for circular for cheap lots, 455 Sev-
enth et., Oakland; Proadway etatlon; car-
riage Zrea. II. Z. JONES, Owner.
ROOMS FOR"; HOUSEKEEPING.
WILLOW. 10. off Larkin. near Eddy-2 rocms
for general housekeeping; ?12.
WHY ivear yourself out huntlr.fr for rooms?
We will do that for you. ELDER RENTAL
INFORMATION BUREAU, . C26 Market et. ;
tel. red 2334. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia street. '
ROOMS TO LET Kuril, and Unfnrn.
ARK you looking for rooms, furnished or un-
furnished? V>'e have 500 choice rooms all
over the city. Call and get list: no oharE?.
S. F. Room Rentlne Bureau, room £04. !>J.
Market Bt., phone South 760.
A LADT having new sunny corner flat In Vt'est-
ern Addition desires one or two lady roomers:
one emploj"ed during 1 day preferred; references
exchanged. Box 1217, Call office.^
AHLBORN HOTEL. Kl Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
! ance; large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up: flrst-class meals 13c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK Hou^e. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to Jl per night; $123 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all nighty
EUItNETT. HI6 Market (ol-J Xo. 1JGO— Fur-
nished rms.. rultes, • singrle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, S20 (The E!k)-Nlcely furnished .sunny
rms; day 25c up; wk. $1 ?0 up. Mr3. P. Ranft.
CITKKTNUT. IC6, rear nupont— Larce minny
front room, furnished, double bed, J4 month.
DORLAND. 25. off Guerrero, between 17th and
ISth — 2 furnished rooms: reasonable.
EDDT, €07 — Front bay-window and side rooms;
with or without board.
EDDT. 732— J6; newly furnished room In ele-
eant modern flat; with breakfast >9. ¦
ELMS, E71 — Furn, rooms; priv. family; modern
Improvements; phone; owner occupant; refs.
ELLIS, 708— Back parlor and sunny hall room;
eultable for gentlemen; price $S and $6.
FOURTH, 157— A lame sunny front room to
let: door to left.
FURNISHED- room, modern; private family;
¦walking distance: gentlemen only. Address
box 1271. Call orSce.
GEARY, 405(The Navarre;— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, RG7 — Large sunny suite; piano; flne
place: J1S; others, Jl 50 a week.
GEARY. R22— Double parlors; suitable for phy-
sician; also 2 basement houyekpg. rmi.: refs.
GEARY. 777 — Larse hp.ndscme sunny room,
suitable fcr two gentlemen; bath.
GEARY. SP8— Email front 6ultc; sunny; nicely
furnished; bonrd optional.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 717 — A larfre sunny fur-
nished room; gas and bath; rent J8.
GRAND SOUTHERN*, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRIET. 333, between Sixth and Seventh,
Bryant and Brannan — J rooms newly papered.
HAYES, 4C9 — Furnished front room to let.
HOWARD. 1C63H— Completely furnished sunny
front bay-window room; electric lights; rea-
sonable.
HYDE, 6^4 — Furnished room for gentleman;
rent reasonable.
JESSIE. 363, near 5th and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and fa: housekeeping, $3.
JOHX ELDER ' CO., Rental Information BiT
reau, 636 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel-
Parties having furnished or unfurnished
rooms, fiats, houses or business property for
rent please list with us; .we have perfect
facilities in the city for securing desirable
tenants; tel. Red 2334.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms: private; bath; sin. rms: board optional.
LEWIS place, IS. off Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
MCALLISTER. 30 — 3 furnished rooms, 1 house-
keeping; bath, eras; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 471-Back parlor and single
room; suitable for gentlemen.
MINNA. 6C7. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 173S — Large sunny furnished room;
suitable for 2, $S; also single. $5; modern.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 29— Sunny furnished rooms and
ofSces; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. C31— Front parlor and basement
room for housekeeping; rent $10 and $12.
PINE, 9!V) — Leree side room for gentleman;
ne*w flat; private family.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, rmoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to |1 50; week. 12 to
$?; month. $S to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
S. F. ROOM-RENTING Bureau. 927 Market
st.. room 204 — 500 choice rooms; free list
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth, st,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 3CC2, near Castro — A nice sunny
furnished room; near ears; rent $5.
STEVENSON. C31'4B-2 newly furnished rooms
to rent; reasonable: use of kitchen.
SUTTER. 320% — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $8; suites. $12 to $25 mo.
VAN NESS ave., low — Sunny corner rooms for
gentlemen and light housekeeping suite; reas.
$7 A MONTH; sitting and bed room, finely fur-
nlshed: nanny; Mason st, near Bush. Box
H49, Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C paeef. In wrapper, for mailing. llp»r year.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
WANTED— A couple to occupy a large newly
. furnished room In a pri\-ate house; modern
accommodations; phone, gas, running water,
bath, etc.; very desirable location on Haight
st. Box 1212, Call office.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SOT California Et.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
PLEASANT sunny room for one or two gen-
tlemen, with board; reasonable; references.
172 Hawthorne st, near Harrison.
TURK, 12.*— Board and room, $30: home cooking;
alw slnsrle rooms.
ROOMS and board ; prices reasonable. 415
First st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and room by young lady; terms mod-
erate; references. Box 1209, Call office.
ROOMS AVAXTED.
GENTLEMAN wants medium-sized sunny
room: not to exceed $8 a month. Address
box 1213. Call of flee.
TOUNG man wishes room; good location; with
German private family. Box 1240. Call office.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived into the orphanage from July 1, 19C.
to Dec. 31, 1900: Bertha Wess, 11 yrs.; Fred-
erick. 4, and Ray O'Brien. 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Ceila. 4. and Willie Flynn. 2 yrs.: Mary lie-
Lauphlln. 11 yrs. 8 mos.; Mamie Mullaney. 7;
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Christopher Mul-
laney, 6 yrs.; Jim Power. 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Violet,
6 yrs., and Bert Rlppon, 4 yrs.; Irene Pel-
man, 3 yrs. 10 mos. ; Mary Purdy, 6 yrs. 1
mo., and Alice, Purdy, 1 yr. « mo.: Ethel, 0
yra.. end Clar Johnson. 8 yrs.; Maria Al-
. bach, 6 yrr. 1 mo,; Joseph, 5 yrs. 2 mos., and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Hazel Adams.
11 yrs.: Llllle Altxrtien. 7 yrs. 4 mos.: Annie
DelTochia. 9 yrs. 3 mos.: Hilda. 3 yrs. 10 mm.,
and Myrtle Deffechia, 2 yrs.; Joseph, ¦ 2. yrs. 4
mos., Louis, '4 yrs. 10 mos.. Delia Jeffers, 10
vrn. ; Elwood. 5 yrs.. Howard. ' 6. yrs., and
Maude Wesley, 3 yrs. ; Rose Hurbert. 5 yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel Vall-
vard. 1 yr. ; Joseph MacCort. 6 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 3 mos., and Addle Hynes,
z yrs. 8 mos.; Irene Moody. 8 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Balenjar, 5 yr3. : Joseph. 10 yrs. 10
mos.. Luke. 4 yrs.. and Fanny Vydan. 2 vt^.;
Eucene Glbbs, 1 yr. « mos.: Mary, 5 yrs., Jo-
peph, 2 yrs.. and Margaretta^ Olson. & yrs.;
Lillian Radcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
can. 3 yrs. 8 mos. : Alfred Brellla. 6 yrs.;
Willie O'Fnrrell. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Mary,- 6 yrs..
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. and Kate Rowan. 3
yrs. 2 mos. : Eva. Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos. ; Ger-
trude, 4 yrs.. and Jim Daly, 2 yrs. fi mos.;
Clare. 8 yrs.. and Mary Lonta, 6 yrs.: George,
4 yrs.. and Hubert Kannfeld. 2 yrs. 2 mos.:
Fred Frar.er. 5 yrs. 3 mos. : Maria Rohoof er. 10
yrs.: Mary Coonan. 4 yrs. 7 mcs. : Mar. 7 ym.
4 mos., .Tofenh, 4 yrs., and Agnes Filling, 6
yrs. 6 mos.
LADIF.R— Ohlehesfr English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: irafe. reliable- . take no other:
oend 4c stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drusr-
glsts. Chlchofter Chemical Co.. Phlladcl.. Pa.
WAREHOUSEMAN— Owner of comer lot SOxSO
on water front would build brick: warehouse
to suit tenant, between Santo ' Fe depot and
Mall Dock. Box 1233. Call office.
FREE clinics for the deserving poor will -re-
open Feb. 1 at the Pacific Coast Regular Col-
lege of Medicine, S18 - Howard, st., > near
Fourth. X ' ' -' - ,-' ¦. ¦¦-' ¦.:-.- ¦¦¦• ¦¦-. ¦-¦' .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
r-Hy «r <v>untry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. S3S0.
Stock Takings
Reductions
In order to close out all of this season's tailor made and rainy
day suits prior to stock taking, we have marked down every suit
in the store below cost; following are the prices for such colors
and sizes as we have on hand:
Tailor-Made Suits Rainy-Day Suits
Reduced from $13.50 to $ 7.5O Reduced from $12. 50 to$ 7.5O
Reduced from 15.00 to 9.00 Reducedfrom 17.00 to 10.00
Reduced from 16.75 t° 10.00 Reducedfrom 17.75 to 11.00
Reduced from 20.00 to 12.50 Reducedfrom 21. 50 to 12.5O
Reduced from 27.00 to 17.00 Reducedfrom 23.50^ 14.00
Reduced from 35.00 to 21.50 Reducedfrom 24.75 to 15.00 I
Bargains in ) Small Gloves j
This is an opportunity which no lady, wearing a very small
glove should allow to pass; neither should the values in misses
gloves be overlooked on this occasion. At this sale you will find
ladies' dressed and undressed kid gloves in sizes 5# and 5^,
worth $1.50, $i-75» and $2.00, reduced to 60c a pair; also misses
dressed and undressed kid gloves in all sizes, reduced from Si. 00/
and $1.25 to >T
OOc a pair
Every pair guaranteed and fitted if desired.
Tapestry Portieres
Roman striped tapestry portieres, three yards long, fringed top
and bottom, these goods are finished alike on both sides and come
in a great variety of beautiful colorings, at
p 2.7 a pair
Derby Tapestry Portieres
A large variety of conventional, Oriental and Bagdad effects,
full width, three yards long, fringed both top and bottom, reduced to
OO a pair
Table Covers
A good wearing, reversible mercerized tapestry fringed table
cover, 1^3 yards square, reduced to
$1.50 each
Wool Skirts
Ladies' all wool woven underskirts, in a good variety of colors,
such as white, navy and light blue, pink and cardinal, reduced to
$I.OO each
Immense Reductions
In Ladies' Underwear and Hosiery in Odd Sizes
We have made still further reductions in our odd sizes of ladies'
underwear and hosiery, as these goods must be closed out before
stocktaking on February 2nd; the present reduced prices will
do this.
Trimmings and Beaded Ne'ts
Reduced one-half
From now until stock taking February 2d, 1 901, we will sell
short lengths- and odd patterns of last season's beaded laces and
dress trimmings at about one-half the price charged last fall for
the same goods.
Watch our show windows for stock taking bargains.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny Street
'SHAVING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, soM and' repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palreil; open even.; ><hone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOU'IHT. sold, rented, repaired; needles and
Khutties: rfriluogd rates 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
ofBce. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main S713.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.:
lei, arnln ]S4Q: shlpplr.r at cut rates.
TELEPHqXES.
TELEPHONES, house cr private lines. $4 50 a
set: electrical work ln«t»Upil. l.*«S8 Pt. Lobos.
— — «; — — — -^— —
TVPEAVRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
i GREAT BARGAINS ""lN~TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. GT.S California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND " NOTICES.
DI VinENlT^OTTc^^TjrvTu^nd^No. 87~<twen"-
ty-flve cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the office of the company. 327 Market St..
Pan Francisco. Cal.. on and after Monday,
January 21. 1901. Transfer books close on
Tuesday. January 15. 1WH. nt S o'clock p. m.
: E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Fred M. Tibbey, 31, 1503 Scott street, and
Mary J. Scott, 20, 2277 Geary street.
Gustav Selo, 34, 1318A O'Farrell street, and
Jennie Sternberg, 28, 1313 A OTarrell street.
Gianbatista Demartinl. 31, 11 Hlnckley street,
and Candida Demartinl, 25. 647 Chestnut street.
Henry E. Jeter. 27. 253 Thirteenth street, and
Mary E. Knight. 22, San Jose.
Peter J. Johnson, 33, 943 Sanchez street, and
Masrete G. Olsen, 24, 943 Sanchez street.
Hans G; H. Wlnkel. 34, 400 Oak street, and
Gertrude M. H. Uhlenberg. 17. 18V4 Rlncon
place.
Joseph B. Iffla, 22. 100 Sixth street, and An-
nie L. Hogan, 21, 1737 Hyde street.
Richard F. Weber, 21, G12A Fourth street,
and Emma A. Anderson, 19, 012A Fourth
: street.
Fred H. Barr, 24. 1210 Stanyan street, end
Elenore J. Laznnsky, 22. 1210 Stanyan street.
Thomas F. Flaherty. 39. 501 Post street, and
Annie M. Dougherty. 32. 1303 Octavln. street.
. liRfHSHJARRMES-DEAM
BOWEN— In this city, January 18, 1P01. to the
wife of William U. Bowen (r.ee Fitzgerald),
a E<jn.
BLOHM— In Watsonvllle. Cal.. January 9, 1901.
to the wife of F. H. Blohm. a son.
BRAINERD— In this city. January 16. 190L to
the wife of Fred G. Brainerd, a son.
CHAPINS— In this city. January 14. 1901. to the
wife of Francis A- Chapins, a daughter.
I CLARK— In this city. January 16, 1501, to the
' wife of James Clark, a daughter.
HEAVEY— In this city, January 3. 1901. to the
wife of Martin J. Heavey, a son.
LEARY— In this city. January 17. 1301, to the
wife of J. C. Leary, a daughter.
LUHMAN— In this city, January 12, 1901, to the
wife E. J. Luhman, a son.
ODELL— In this city, January 11, 190L to the
wife of W. H. Odell. a son.
REKS— In thla city, January 8, 1901, to the
wife o* Mark Rees. a daughter.
REINHEIMER— In this city. December 12. 1500.
to the wife of M. Relnhelmer. a daughter. -
RUPERT— In this city, to the wife of John F.
Rupert, a daughter.
SMITH-In this city. January 17, 1901, to the
wife of James F. Smith, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 17. 1901, to
the wife of J. J. Sullivan, a son.
"WERNER— In this city, January 12, 1901, to
the wife of Philip Werner, a daughter.
WRIGHT— In Sacramento. Cal.. January 13.
1901. to the wife of H. R. Wright, a son.
_— ___
BRINKMANN— RIDLINGTON— In this city,
January 17, 1901, by Rev. J. Fuendellng,
August F. Brlnkmann and Carrie L. Rid-
lincton.
FALK— STERN— In this city. January 17. 1901.
by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Henry L. Kalk of
Boise City, Idaho, and Lena Stern of San
Francisco.
LOGIE— IRVIND-In this city, January 12,
1901. by the Rev. John Hemphill. D.D.,
Thomas P. Logie and Mary R. Irvine, both
of San Francisco.
LORENSEN— FAEUND— In this city. January
17, 1901, by Rev. O. Groensberg, Peter Loren-
sen and Anna Marl* Faeund.
MAHAN— HESKETH— In this city. January 7.
1001. by the Rev. Father Lumy. James F.
Mahan of Santa Cruz and Grace Beatrice
Hesketh of San Francisco.
SLATER— TOUHILL— In this city. January' 13
1301, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by tho Rev. J.
J. Prendergnst. V. G., William Edward Sla-
ter and Anita Butler Touhill.
WALLIN— METZLER— In this city. January
16. l'.'Ol, by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Carl Wallin
and Carolina Christina Metzler. ',
ZIMMERMANN— PEDRUZZI— In this city
January 17, 1901. by Rev. J. Fuendellng. Wil-
liam C. Zlmmermann and Josebulne E
Pedruzzi.
DIED.
Ackerman. Gottlieb Herlot. George O.
Barron. Declan Htlplsch. Jacob
Berwick. Henrietta Jens. Emma
Boscus, Minnie A. Klundgen. Jennie
Bowen (infant) Lozan. Mary
Britt. John It. McKvoy. Mary E.
Bruce. Mrs. Abigail McGonlclev Phil
Chase. Sarah Maguire, George E.
Clark. Frederick Meyerhoff. Helene
Clausmann. Emllo Murphy, David :
Cresse, George O'Brien. Mary
Cuddy, Catherine Orr, George A.
Edwards. Wlihelm Plnsonneault, Ludger
Egan, Mrs. Bridget Relnhetmer (infant)
Emmans. Mary Rischmuller. Mrs. B.
Engier, Anna T. Scott, Emma D.
Fredericks. Joseph Tinnemann, L. T.
Ferroni. Gelsumino Thompson. Frances
Foley. Dennis J. ' Tomb. Annetta I.
Fries. Annie ¦'i'.i.'Z Tregenza, Ethel
Hansen. Emil Williams. Frank J.
ACKERMAN— In Eldridsre, Cal.. Gottlieb, be-
lovod husband of Mary Ackerman. and
father of Ethel and Raymond Ackerman, a
native of Germany, aged 54 years. (Chlco
papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the- parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, where funeral services will
be held at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BARRON— In this city, January 17. 1901. Dec-
Inn Barron, beloved brother of Stephen. John,
Thomas, Michael, Mary. Bridget and Ellen
Barron, and uncle of Stephen, Michael.
James, Walter and Kate Barron. a native of
Dungarvan. County Waterford. Ireland, aged
£4 yoars.
[CTFrlrncl!" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1205 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church - for services at- 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
BERWICK— In this city. January 19, 1901. Hen-
rietta, beloved sister of R. C. and G. C. Ber-
wick and Mrs. George T. Jeffries, a native of
San Francisco, aged 44 years and 4 days.
BOSCUS— In this city, January 15, 1001. Min-
nie A., wife of John M. Boscus. a native of
New .lersey, aged S5 years. >
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
Ifalsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
. Koly Cross Cemetery.
BOWEN— In this city, January 18, 1901, Infant
son of William U. and Julia G. Bowen (nes
Fltrserald.)
BRITT 1 — In Mento Park. Cal., January 19, 1901,
John R. Britt, beloved father of Mrs. E. H.
Marwedel and Mrs. Ellwood Varney, a native
of Maine, aged 82 years.
BRUCIO— In this city. January 16.-1901. Mrs.
Abigail Rruce, a native of Maine, aged 78
years 7 months and 25 days.
CTTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thts day
(Sunday), at % o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co... 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
. rel Hill Cemetery.'
CHASE— In this city, January 19. 1301. Sarah
Chase, beloved wife of the late William Chase,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Lew Mu-
. sante. and ¦ grandmother of Lily Lester and
Raymond Jlurante, a native of New Hamp-
shire, - aged 65 years 2 months and 1 day.
(Calaveras papers please copy.) „
(cyKrlends and acquaintances are renpect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 420 i McAllister street, between Polk
street :, and Van Ness avenue. . Interment
Mount ' Olivet . Cemetery.
CLAUSMANN— An anniversary high requiem
mass will be celebrated Tuesday, January 22,
1001, at Notre . Dame ; des Victolres French
Church, Bush street, for. the repose of tho
eouI nt ETnlle Clausmann. commencing at 9
o'clock. By .Invitation of his grandmother,
T.Irs. Marie Clausmann, and his sisters, Ma-
rie Clausmann and Mrs. Alice Bertin.
CLARK— In this city. January 17. 1501, Freder-
¦ lck Clark, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 3>
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
: (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
• ¦ DANIEL P.' DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
: ; Telephone South SO.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS, -
1 V and J9 Fifth st. Tel.- South 187.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST; OWNERS FORCING SALES.
$2500— Linda Vista; beautiful, modern, 7-room
home; mortgage J2300; contractor must have
r«oney.
J12.C00 — Fine Lakeside district residence;
owner must sell : take good home part payment.
J18.0CO— Cost $27,0C0; the finest residence buy
ever offered In Oakland; superb location.
JS50— Snap; North Oakland: cottagre. 4 rooms,
bath, basement; new windmill, tank: lot 50x
JZ3.
JC2T.0— Five minutes' walk Broadway and
Fcurt->enth ,st. ; neat cottage, & rooms; rents
trO: mortgage J1GG0; bargain.
5300c — Improved business corner: SO feet: rents
f^2; land worth J5000;. rapidly improving loca-
tion.
$1450— New Dutch Colonial; 4 rooms; porcelain
bath: mantel: bank mortgage $1200; near San
Pablo avc.
JiSCO— Foreclosure; bargain; near Clinton Fta-
tion; neat cottage. 5 rooms, bath; must sell.
$;.'00— Cost $3r<X>: foreclosure; comfortable 7-
rtv>m cottage: elegant lot. 50xl€S: fine location;
between Grove St. and Tele*rraph ave.; must
Facriflce: sna.p.
$"r,o— Lakeside district; flne. new, modern 8-
room home; never before offered.
$17."iA— Architect's cory home; new; 2 story:
6 room?: porcelain bath; sras: mantel; choicely
situate roar Telegraph ave.; must sell; to eee
is to buy.
Call or write for information.
LATMASCE HEAL ESTATE CO..
Offlce-saleoroom. 4GO-4G2 Eighth ft.. Oakland.
5ZT.0— PRESENT cash value (3000; a new Swiss
chateau; sunny exposure; large lot: 5 room3
and bath; open plumbing; unique design and
beautifully arranged; epace will not permit
of extolling its charming qualities; 5 min-
utes' walk to Fourteenth and Broadway;
cIofs to cars, schools, etc.; seeing Is
lieving; call early. See J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
52200— CHEAP for $3000; new Dutch bungalow
cottage with the latest Ideas In architec-
tural design and finish: interior finish and
d-co-atJone; beautiful; lot 38x120: close to
business center, schools, cars and local
trains to San Francisco; terms, $300 cash;
offered at these terms and price for one
week only: withdrawn If not sold within the
time" first come firft served. See J. S.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Proadway. Oakland.
$iS fl O— FOR a $10,000 property; large corner lot;
10-room house: near business center ar.d lo-
cal trains: positively a great bargain; space
will not permit extolling its good qualities.
If a No. 1 house and a bargain Is wanted
In a flrst-class neighborhood call oarly; see-
Ing Is believing. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway, Oakland^
$24CO-PAYMENTS SAME AS RENT-$:4W.
A nearly new colonial style cottage of <J
rooms and every modern convenience; enam-
eled bath. etc.. etc.; lot p.bove street grade;
nice open lawn; street work all done; stone^
walks laid, etc.; electric cars In front; easy
w»0k to local station; this Is bank property;
liberal discount for spot cash: se« it at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
The House Renters.
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
OIL land: deeded: Kern River District; $23 per
B<-r»; 3 miles from land they are asking
flOOO per acre for. C. K. KING, 932 Bread-
way. Oakland.
6 1-3 ACRES: Walnut Creek fruit and chicken
ranch; all tools, horpes, cow and furniture,
J1S03. C. K. KING, 952 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FCRXITCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRDlfmEAWERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE RKAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL Notice.
The Home Building Company has removed
Its office to south side of railroad track, on
Fruitvale avenue.
$400 — House. 3 rooms; lot 50x150. all fenced:
flne view; terms flOO cash, balance J1.20
per month.
$Z0O— House, 5 rooms; lot 50x130; chicken
houses: good well: three blocks from car
line: reasonable terms.
$150— Lots 25x125: SO minutes' walk from
Fruitvale station.
$13t>0— House. S rooms and bath; lot 30x175;
large barn; terms $350 cash, balance $14
per month.
$S00 — House, 4 rooms; large lot; 1 b!ock from
car line; must be sold this week; terms
to iruit.
1600 — House. 4 rooms; lot SOxCO: good well;
$1("«) ca?h, balance $7 per month.
JCuO— House. 4 rooms; large lot; barn; 1
block from Fruitvale avenue; $150 cash,
bclance $7 per month; just like rent.
$1290 — One acre; chicken ranch; 2 good
houses: chlek«»n-houses: flne well of
clear water; good view; this Is a bar-
gain.
f900— New houFc. 5 rooms; lot 43x145; good
place for chickens; terms to suit.
SIZOO— Modern house. 5 rooms, hard wood
mantel: bath; high, basement; chicken-
houses: corher lotj 2 blocks from station;
good sidewalk.
$1000 — New house. S rooms, bath; stationary
wash tubs; large lot; near station; your
own terms.
$509— Nice home, 8 rooms, bath; flne place
for chlrkens; lot 50x150: city water; we
will loan you the money to buy this
home.
J1500 — One of the nicest homes In Fruitvale;
mortgage cale; must eell; 1 block from
Fourteenth E^reet.
Koupcs of all kinds for rent. Remember
this address:
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
South Side of Railroad Track,
Fruitvale avenue.
"W. E. RtTDELL,
Fruitvale, Cal.
PLEITNER HEIGHTS TRACT.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN FRUITVALE
Half-acre and acre lots, $75 and upward, only
$23 down, remainder $5 monthly. This prop-
erty ppssesses great attractions for residence
uses, as It -commands an extensive view of
the beautiful scenery all around, with the
best of Boll for gardening; planted with bear-
Ing fruit trees, while the climate is genial,
being In the famed thermal warm belt: free
from fosr. For particulars see owner, H. A.
PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$S.V>— COZT cottage of 3 rooms and bath; high
basement; good brick foundation: fine well,
windmill and tank; stable. *hed, chicken-
house; IS fruit trees; lot 75x100: all fenced.
$1000— For sale In East Oakland, cottcge of
6 rooms and bath; barn and chicken house;
street work and cement walks all complete;
large lot; 20 foot alley In rear; this Is a bar-
gain.
Chicken ranch of 2',4 acres; good house of 4
large rooms: barn, 10 chicken houses, good
well, windmill and tank; for rent at $12 per
month; stock and fixtures for sale, consisting
of 4j0 chickens, large brooder house, 2 Incu-
bators. 9 chicken coops and fencing, etc.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALTON. 3)4 McAllister— Sunny front suite;
also sunny front suite for housekeeping. $25.
EDDT. 207— Nicely furnished front room; run-
ning water; gas; bath; light ' housekeeping
allowed; cheap.
ELLIS. C3S — A parlor housekeeping: suite;
eunry.
ELLIS. 1127— Housekpg: nicely fur. front room,
with kitchen attach?fl; bath, yard and grate.
ELLIS. 1472— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; furnished; use of parlor, bath, yard
and telephone; rent $15.
FTFTII. ZZ2 — Two furnished housekeeping $12-
also 3 Tor $14; single. $4 to $7. '
FILLMORE, CIS. near Hayes— 2 housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete;* cheap; refined
family.
FOLSOM. 776^4— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping, with stove; reas.
GEARY, €91— Housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms; rent reasonable.
GLEN PARK ave.. 5, off 12th and Mission— 3
unfurnished clean sunny rooms; closet.
HOWARD. 10C3S4— 2 completely furnished houiie-
keeplng rooms;, running water and range:
also others.
HYDE. 408— Sunny front aloove suite; complete
for housekeeping; no children; $20. .
MARTHA place, 3. off Geary at.— Sunny house-
keeping roomi and other rocms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 2000. cor. Central ave.— 2 nicely
furn. room* for housekeeping; $6.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished single and house-
koepins rooms. 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA. 237. bet. 3d and 4th fNew York House).
— Single, double and housekeeping rooms.
NINETEENTH, 3640— Sunny front and back
room for housekpg; use bath and coal stove.
POLK, 622— Desirable unfurnished and fur-
nished rooms.
6ECOND, ri2— Neatly furnished rooms; clean
ana respectable; reasonable.
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; slnsle or milte; also housekpg rooms.
TAYLOR, 1132, between Sacramento and Clay—
2 rooms furnished for housekeeping.
TURK. 613— Two eunny furnished housekeeping
roomi: S10 per month. ' .
VAN NESS ave., Sli-Large sunny parlor;
phone and piano; references.
VAN NESS ave.. 1401 and 1403. NW. cor Bush
—Elegant sunny suites and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths; telephone; elec-
tric lights: eun all day: gas ranges; running
water In erery room; will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted end newly furnished to suit -
D., beloved wife of Captain S. F. Scott of
St. John. N. B.. late of Vancouver. B. C.
and second daughter of Captain E. • J. Locke
of , Halifax, Nova Scotia, a native of Hall-
fax, Nova Scotia, ag^l 39 years 3 months
and 8 days. (Victoria and Vancouver, B. C.
papers please copy.) -,ial*&SE49MMgMP
CTThe funeral . will take - place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the - California Undertaking Company, 406
Powell street, near Post. Interment private.
TINNEMANN— In this city. January 19. 190L
Ludwis Theodore, dearly beloved husband of
dence of Mr. Fred Becker. 12i3 Grove street.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. ¦
SCOTT— In this city, January 17, 1301. Emma
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at tha resi-
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy,- 873 Washing-
ton street, thence to St. Columba's Church,
where a requiem high mass • will be cele-
brated fcr the repose of his soul, commen-
cing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
REINHEIMER— In this city, December 12,
19C0, ¦ Infant - daughter of M. and Ella Rein-
' helmer.
RISCHMULLER— In Oakland. January 17. 1301,
Mrs. Betty Rlschmuller. beloved ; mother of
Mrs. Fred Becker and George. Diedrich and
Henry Rischmuller, a native of Bremen.
¦ Germany, aged 89 years 5 months and 27
days. .-¦••• ttMOM
Itir Friends and acquaintances are respec'-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BUIEN— In this city, January 18. 1901, Mary
O'Brien, beloved daughter of Mrs. Mary
BoHz. and fister of Henry and William
BoHz, a native of San Francisco, aced S7
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4319 Twer.ty-second street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ORR— In this city, January 19, 1901, George A..
beloved husband of Victoria Orr. and father
of Victoria and Georgette Orr. and eldest
son of Elizabeth and the late James Orr, a
native of New York.
PINSONNEAULT— In Oakland. January 1!».
1001 Ludser, beloved brother of tho lnte
Prosper Plnsonneault, and cousin of Edward
Plr.sonneault, a native of ' Canada, aged 62
years.
(CyFrieTids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the-Jmwral par-
lors ofll. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. -»«r
Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via electric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.-^.
MURPHY— In this city, January IS. l?01, Da-
vid beloved son of Mrs. Margaret Warener,
and' stepbrother of Peter Warener, and hus-
band of the late Agnes Murphy, and father
of John and Maggie Murphy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 31 years and 6 months.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltfrt to attend th« funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Ml= *
eion street, thence to Bt. Rose's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGUIRE— In Eanta Barbara. January 19.
1901. George Edward, beloved husband of
Sophie E. Maerulce, a native of Boston.
Mass., aged 33 years 9 months and 1 day.
MEYERHOFF— In this city. January 17. 1901.
Helene Meverhoff (nee Wild), beloved wife
of Robert Meyerhoff. a native of Switzerland.
' asred 74 yemrs 4 months and 2 days.
CJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
yhll McGonlglo, beloved brother of Thomas.
Hugh and Bernard McGonigle and Mrs. Mary
Rodden. a natl\-e of Clonmeney. County
Ooneeal. Ireland, aged 44 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 10G5 Broadway, near Jones street,
thence to St. Francis Church. Vallejo Btreet
and Montgomery avenue, where funeral ser-
vices will be held at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGONlGLE 1 — In this city, January 17. 1901.
IE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 259 Clementina st. Interment Holy
v Cross Cemetery by carriage.
LOGAN— In this city. January 19. 1901. Mary,
daughter of Edward and the late Maria Lo-
gan and sister of 'Annie and Edward^ Logan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 9
months and 17 days.
McEVOY— I" ;;i!s city. January 17. 1901. Mary
K., beloved wife of Edward A. McEvoy.
mother of Leonard. Francis. Edward, Rich-
ard, Elmer and Gladys McEvoy, and sister of
John J. and Thomas F. Boyle, a native of
Boston. Mass., aged 44 years 9 months and
24 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1219 Pierce street, between Eddy
and Ellis. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
KLUNDGEN— In this city. January 19. 1301.
Jennie, beloved mother of Lawrence Klund-
gen, Mrs. Ed Goldenson and Mrs. J. Isola, a
native of Paris, France, aged 62 years 10
months and 7 days.
. ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 19 Fa.-ren avenue, thence to B'nai
B'rtth Hall. 121 Eddy street, where funeral
services will be held under the ausnlces of
the German Krieser Verein. commencing at
2 o'clock. Cremation I. ~ O. F. Cemetery.
Plen«e omit flowers.
JENS— In this city. January IS, 1901. Emma,
dearlv beloved and only daughter of William
and Ellse Jens, and sister of William Jens
Jr.. a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years
2 months and 29 days.
C7Frtends and acquaintances and members
of Danmark No. 2, Danla, are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 2 o'clock, at the parlors of H.
_P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street,
¦where funeral services will be held, under
the auspices of Danmark No. 2, Dania. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HERIOT— In this city, January 19, 1901, George
Oldfield Herlot. infant son of R. H. and B.
C. Herlct, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year
2 months and 1 day.
HILPISCH-In this city, January 18, 1901,
Jacob HllDlech. beloved husband of Eliza
HilplEch, . and father of Carl and Julius Hll-
plsch, a native of Hessen. Germany, aged
B2 years 0 "months and 7 days. A member of
the German Krleger Verein.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 219 Montcalrn street, between
Twenty-eighth street and Precita avenue,
thence »"> St. Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth
and Alabama streets, for services at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
FRIES— In this city, January 19, 1901. Annie,
beloved wife of Harry L. Fries, and daugh-
ter of Timothy Duane. a native of New
York, acred 36 years.
HANSEN— In this city. January 18. 1901, Emll
Hansen, a native of Denmark, aged 31 years
S months and 15 days. A member of Dan-
mark No. 2, Danla.
E7"Ftlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from. Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where the funeral services win be held under
the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127, F.
and A. M. Interment private.
FOLET— Dennis J., dearly beloved son' of Den-
nis J. and Mary Foley, and loving brother
of Mrs. Josesh Frasrley. Mrs. Henry Hen-
drickson and Mary. George and John Foley,
a native of Eureka, Cal., aged 24 years 8
months and 16 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 225 Fourth street, between
Howard and Folsom. Interment I. k O. O. F.
Cemetery.
FERRONI— In this city. January 19, 1901. Gel-
sumlno Ferroni, beloved son of Gluseppl and
Favera Ferroni, and brother of Vincent and
Ferrucclo Ferroni and Mrs. Gelsuralna Eo-
manl, a native of Italy, aged IS years 4
months and 7 days.
FREDERICKS— In this city, January 18. 190L
Joseph Fredericks, beloved husband of the
late Josephine Fredericks, father of Charles
B. and A. Remy Fredericks and Mrs. W. E.
Llchtenberg, and brother of Frank Freder-
icks of Virginia City, Nev.. a native of
Westphalia. Germany, aged 70 years and 11
months. (New York and Virginia City, Nev..
pp.pers please copy.)
E5"Thp funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
ENGLER— In thts city, Januarr 16. 1901, Anna
T., dearly beloved and only child of Bene-
dict and Henrietta Engler. granddaughter oi
Mrs. Lorenz Engler and V. J. Hohmann, and
niece of Mrs. F. Laub and Katharine and
German Engler. a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 6 months and 24 days.
C?" Friends end acquaintances and members
of above union are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend • the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
' o'clock, from the parlors of Theodor Dlcrks,
957 Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CRESSE— In this city, January 17, 1901. George,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Cresse. and
father of Joseph Crease, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 55 years 2 months and 17
days. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E7"Funeral takes place this day (Sun-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late residence,
9G Freelon street, between Bryant and Bran-
nan and Third and Fourth, ¦ under the aus-
pices of Golden City Lodge No. 63, K. of P..
thence to Third nnd Townsend streets to 11:30
o'clock train. Please omit •flowers. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CUDDY— In this city, January 19, 190L Cath-
erine Cuddy, dearly beloved wife of the late
John Cuddy, and mother of William Cuddy
and Mrs. P. M. Gaffney, and grandmother of
John P.. James P., Michael J.. Catherine and
Annie Gaffney, a native of Queens County,
Ireland, aged 73 years.
EDWARDS-In thl3 city. January 13. 1901,
Wlihelm Edwards, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 29 years 2 months and 5 flays.
EGAN — An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of Mrs.
Bridget Esan, p.t Holy Cross Church. Eddy
street, to-morrow (Monday), at 8 o'clock.
Frier-Is are invited to attend.
EMMANS— In this city. January 19. 15f>l. Mary
Emmans. beloved mother of Charles and
Minnie Emmans, a native of New Jersey,
aged 3S years.
years. A member of Piledrlvers' and Bridge-
builders' Union No. 1 of San Francisco.
CTFrionds p.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tue-.lay.
January 22. 1901. at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2221 Greenwich street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WILLIAMS-In thl3 city. January 17. 1901,
Frank J , beloved husband of Ellen \\ 11-
liams. ar.d son of the late Georse and Eliza-
beth Williams, and brother of Kate\ Josle
an<t Richard Williams, Mrs. J. V. McGlnnls
and Mrs. J. J. Amend, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 7 months and C
days.
(rjyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at. 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 430 Jersey street, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Calvary
Cemetery. - -
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd
Fellows" Cemetery- '
THIESSEN — We desire to convey our heartfelt
thanks to all friends, and especially to tho
members of the Y. L. A. S. of St. Paul's
German EvanKellcal Lutheran Church. 1413
Howard street, for the love and sympathy
that were shown to us at the loss of our dear
daughter and sister. Lizzie.
MRS. BARBARA THIESSEN.
MISS EMMA THIESSEN.
HENRY THIESSEN.
THOMPSON — In the City and County Hospital.
January 19, 1901. Frances Thompson, a nattva
of California, aged 4 months.
TOMB— In this city. January IX 1901. Annetta
Irwln Tomb, beloved wife of Georsre W.
Tomb, and daughter of "William and Rebecca
Irwin, and sister of W. A.. John and Edward
Irwin and Mrs. E. P. Levy, a native of Mar-
lpcsa County, Cal., ased 41 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sundav) at 3 o'clock, from her late resl-
• dence 1306 Oary street. Interment private.
TREGENZA-In this city. January 19, ISO!.
Ethel Tregenza, beloved child of Thoma3 and
Clara TYeKonza. and sister of William.
Thomas. Joseph and Arthur Trer^nza. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged S years . months
ami 23 days.
Bertha Tinnemann. and father of Otto T.
Tinnemann, a native of 8tadt F«cktor,
Oldenburg, Germany, aged 57 years 7 months
and to days.Two colored men on a late Lorn? street
car were congratulating one another. Tha
last to talk was newly wedded.
"Sam, l'«e understand you'39 tookln*
unto youseaelf a new woman?" said Mr.
Johnston.
"I'll kunfess I'se guilty," meekly replied
Sam, his countenance covered with a
broad grin.
"Did you-all get a grood start?"
Sam was apparently very anxloua to an
swer this question, and In a much louder
tone said:
"Well, I should saj^I did «t a food
start. I grot an old woman wld eleben lit
tle pickaninnies."
Kverybody who heard the remark was
satisfied Sam had really a good start.—
Columbus Dispatch.
Matrimonial Bargain
HAD A GOOT> START.
An Ohio Negro Who Appreciated r
Jtlso circulate reports (afterward ehown to be
rroundlpfE) that President McKlnley had had
a relapse with the grip and the professional
manipulative tactics were manifest In other
rw;ard» whioh were put afloat. At the opening
of the market there was an urgent demand for
notne of the jstwl Etocks on the report that the
Ff-deral Ste*"l Company would absorb the Steel
and Wir»? Company. Steel and Wire advanced
•n extreme ;'» and FtedersJ Fteel I»,4- Missouri
i't-.-'.f.c, Wab&eh preferred and debenture bonds
JCETT TORK. Jan. 1J>— The stock market vu
rxcited and nen-ous throughout the short ees
e!on to-day under the varjing fortunes of the
«r*culat!ve contest wared between the bulls
and the bears. Tne bulls made a. determined
etand In the early dealings, supporting the
weak epct* by liberal orders and causing sharp
advances In epectal stocks, which had a sus
taining Influence on the general market. The
unwieldy ehort Interest was made uneasy by
this show of strength and bought urgently to
cover. When the bank statement appeared
thfre were mixed opinions present of the bear
ing . of the large changes disclosed, but th<»
beju-s detected selling to realize by the Inter
ests which had been opposing them and they
fell on the market with animation. Prices
broke violently under a flood of celling orders
tor both accounts and the market dosed active
and *ernl-demorallzed with prices for the most
part at the low point. The serious ill-health
of Queen Victoria caused uneasiness as to
tho possible bad effect on foreign markets
whicn might be reflected bere. The bears
Nrjj York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 7« — .Lon P A A 143 145
Bank of Cal.40« [Merchants' Ex 18 —
Cal S D A T.104H- S F Nat BkTT -!• 1J3
First Kationl. -33 "*
INSURANCE STOCKS,
Flrem'B Tani.ZSl " — | ; ;
Cent ¦ I* & P Co — .4 Pao I* Co 44.
Eqult G L Co. 2*4 3 Sac E G&KCo — 4«»
Mutual El Co. fli'T-.'STOtB.: 47U i7«
O G L & H... 4J»i SOU San Francisco! tK vt
Pao Gas Imp. 43 48 Stktn -G A E. 14
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
WATER, STOCKS.
Contra, Costa.^ 79 70HjSpTlnff VaHar. «U 81
Marln County. 61H - I w * "
Bay Co FCo5s.l04% — Oak Water «s.lO2VilO3i£
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic S3 ES.108H109'
C C Water 5S.106K — Om C Ry 8s. ..123 — -
Ed L &. V 1%. .131 135 Pao O Imp 4s. 100 —
P & ci Ry 68..11414 — p & ci Rv es.105 —
Geary-*t R 6s. — — P & O R R im. — —
HCaS 6H«. — — Powell-«t R <a.l2t>H —
Do Es 104H — Sao E GAR Ss. 9$ M
L A Ry Bs U1H - 8 P * SJV S«.120 —
Do gntd «s... — 104 8 R of Cal 6s.U0 —
Do to.. ...... ,~— — S P R of A Sa.lWWilim
L A P R R 5S.101H — S P C sa <1905.
Markt Cab 6s.l2« — I Series A) 109W —
Do 1st M 6S.122 — I Do (Series B)110'4 —
N C N G R 7s. - USH Do (190fi).....mu —
N R of Cal «s.H2 113 Do (1*12)..... in«i —
Do Es ....120 — 3 P R 1st n Ss.107 10S«i
N P C R R 6s.lOl«i — S P B R C «s.131H —
Do 6s. ...... ..107 — 3 V Water SS..U4H —
N Cal Ry Bs..ll0H — Do 4 im —
O O L ft II Ss.110% — Do 3d ratge..iaHi —
Oak Traa 6a... — 115 Stktn Gas 8s..l0i _
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qtiar coup..ll3Vsll4H Ms do cp (new)l37'/il33
4s do res 113^114*4 3s do coup 110 111
UNITED STATES BONDS,
SATURDAY, Jan. W— II m.
It Is rumored that the Southern Paciflo R. R.
will declare a 2 per cent dividend within a. few
days.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange Gaa and
Electric wu the active stock again, but lower
at $49047 60, falling figures. Th» other stockj
were dull.
Petroleum Center was the- lively stock on the
Oil Exchange, selling at 2J«33c, a decline.
Junction. Kern Rlrer and Sterling were higher
Business continued good on this exchange.
American Fuel Oil was ex-dlvldend of lo on
the 18th.
THE STOCK MARKET.
HOTEL A-R-R-nrATj*
PALACE HOTEL.
P W Harvey, N C J W Hes», Plttsbarg
W P Nott. N C DrWA Hendryx ft w.
W O Htoitaaw. Oakld Los AzLgales
C Monroe. Los Ang T Tupper. N Orleans
C B Shaver, Fresno A C Palfrey, Lot An*
H P Wright, Kans Cty F A Ford. Stanford
C B FInley. Kans Clty,G S Nixon. Nevada
E A iforris. Victoria. W H Raymond, Mont
R Mann Jr, Lewlston H J Small. Sacto
O H Rlttner. London W J Cihlll, N Y
A P Herbert, Mexico G J Denis. Los Ang
F J Bettelle. Kl Paso E Gaytord. Denver
E C Klauber * w. HI H 8 Oreene. Chicajro
R H Blakesle*. Pa W F Steeie. N Y
W H Fish. Chicago W E Hampton. La
J B GUdersleev*. Stnfd E W Churchill. Nap*
W Pearce. Baltimore T T Danrie. Oakland
P H Ellis. USA Miss E Shaver. Fresno
O Lafldn. St LouU J J Mack. Bakersfieia
L L Moore. Seattle .
GRAND HOTEL.
S Conradl, Los Ang W F Coutts, Cal
DrAB Chamberlin. Tex O A McSlfresh. L. Aas
W F Coutts, Cal D II Batr, Sacto
E R Hewston, Cal A Murdet, N T
Mrs Hewston, Cal J P Pearson. Gait
I U Colemaa. 3 Mateo R Joy. Sacto
Un Coleman. S Mateo J II Cook. Portland
O T Harrell. Merced W Bowan. Seattle
F A Losekamp, L An? " M Lindberr, Cal
B W Leavltt, Sacto Mrs F Ow#n. Sao Jo*«
P W Goodwin. 3 Jose Miss A Owen. 3 Joa*
F Parker, Sacto B Owen. San Jose
"A II Man. Oakland Mrs Shedd. San Jose
J H Keefe, Cal T Gilbert, Berkeley
W E Rooker, Menlo J Grover, CoIuSa
E T Britten. Menlo Miss Grover. Colusa
N WTieeler, Cal J M Beaton. Portland
D H Dollar. Cal ME McOrath. Denver
V H Webater. Cal L W Burna. Chicago
W B Hampton. L Ang Miss Hollenbeck. Man
W O Blaslngame, Cal A M Dow. Boston
R R Hose. Portland T R Scott. Chicago
8 M Mears, Portland S A Carman, Seattle
H ds Leland. NY T D Petch. Zkzraka
Mrs de Leland, NT G A Rlchardjon. Via
G A Douglass, Wis Mrs Richardson. Vie
P H Mack. Cal J B Glllesple. Texaa
D Lindner. NY N C M Queen. Cal
C Maglll. Reno Mrs Magtll. Reno
Foreign Markets.
LONDON.. Jan. 19.— Consols, 98 ;7-16; Silvec,
TACOMA, Jan. 19.— Wheat steady and un
changed; Bluesteny 67&o;. Club, E5c
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, . vJan. W.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 54%c and 65c;-Bluestem. " 57c.V
Cleared— Ship County of Roxburgh,. with 117.
619 bushels ; of wheat; ship Luclpara, with 109'
328 bushels of 'wheat, both for Queenstown. '
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. $261,923;
balances, . $89,695. ,
Portland's Business.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— Offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day -numbered 13,169 bales.
Sellers In some cases asked an advance with
out result. / Asa consequence 2510 bales were
withdrawn.* Competition • for fine scoured was
good, but common grades, which wer« In large
supply, were low. Merinos sold freely at full
rates. Cross breds, which totaled over one
third of the offerings, sold largely to York
shire. Suitable : good - creasy .s was taken by
American purchasers. - The offerings next week
are announced as 81,000 bales.
London Wool Sales.
¦ NEW ¦ YORK. Jan. 19. — The. cotton market
closed quiet with, prices unchanged..
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— In the absence of
advices from abroad, the local market for
metals was for the most part a nominal and
featureless affair. Trading was confined to
sales of small lots. Throughout the general
list of metals were unchanged. Tin. dull at
$26 37%; lead and spelter. Inactive, J4 37*4 and
$4 10 respectively. Copper, quiet, $17 for Lake
and J16 62% for casting. Pigiron warrants,
$3 50@10 50; Northern foundry, $15@16 50.
New York Metal Market.
SHI3EP— Receipts. 17,000. Sheep and lambs
stronger. Yearlings, $5 30; good to choice
wethers. $3 75@4 65;" fair to choice mixed, $3 60
(S3 80; Western sheet). $3 75@1 60: Texas sheep,
12 5O®3 CO; natives, 14 25@4 60; "Western lambs,
$5@&60. .
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 700.
Nominally steady. Oood to prime steers, $5 20
@6 10; poor to medium. ?3 55«?5 10; stockers and
feeders, It 70®4 60; cows, $2 7S@4 25; heifers,
$2 75@4 60; bulls, $2 65@4 25; calves. $3 75@6 10;
Texas steers. $4@4 75; grassers, S3 S0®4; bulls,
$2 50(^3 60. .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16.000: Monday, 87,000
estimated; left over 2000. Market 2^o higher.
Mixed and butchers, $5 15@5 42H". good to
choice heavy, $5 3(Xff5 45; rough heavy. $5 15®
6 25: light, $5 15®5 40; bulk. 15 30S5 37V4.
Chicago Livestock Market.
* LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 «4 6 T 4
Closing * % 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening ~ 19 05 20 15
Closing 19 20 20 20
Flour—
Opening 24 55 25 60
Closing -i 60 25 70
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
?
Pan Franeis<v» and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Sunday; probably light rain;
frets eoutheast winds
Northern California*— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Punday; probably rain on the coast; fresh
southeast wind.
Pouthern California — Cloudy Sunday; fresh
southeast wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday.
I'tah— Fair Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
B Vranciscn data— Maximum temperature
¦ : ?r.i-imum. 45: m»»n, 50.
v.kathkii coxnrrinxs axd general,
FORECAST.
Ire prewur* !~ai> fallen Flowly along the
roay imm Point Conception northward except
in Southern Oregon, where there has b*en a
fdght ttm. An area of high pressure overlies
tne Rocky Mountain region and Is apparently,
moving but Jtewly eastward. Although the 1
rressure ¦ has fa!!fn along the coast of North
ern <_a.l.orr.Ja vhcre are as yet no Indications
fci a storm at tea.
The temperature has remained nearly station
try 0TW the ?r.tire ccuntr>- west of the Rociy
Mountains. In thp ereat valleys of California
fxcppt in the vicinity of Sacramento the tern.
p-raturo* are many degrees above the normal
Rain is falling at Neah Bay, but with this
? xceptlon no rain has fallen west of the Rocky
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hount enatn* mldnljrht. January 20. 1901:
SATURDAY. Jan. 13-12 m.
Bld-Ask. , Bld.As!c
Alpha 03 05'justlce M a*
Alta 03 03|Kentuck 01 Kl
Andes 07 PSII^idy Wash .... — W
Belcher 10 lCjMexlcan t% r>
Best ft Belcher 21 23 j Occidental 04 <r.
Bulllon ft2 K?!ophtr «1 «2
Caledonia. 70 72, Overman 14 13
Challenge Con.. IS 20'PotOBl 08 10
iChollar 19 U Savage l* 17
Confidence- 50 — Scorpion — C4
Con Cal A Va..l 65 1 «0 Seg Belcher.... 93 64
Con Imperial... 01 03 Sierra. Nevada. 21 22
Con New York. — 02, Sliver Hill .... 44 4T.
Crown Point.... 13 14i?t Louts — 10
Eureka Con.... — 35 Standard 4 S3 —
Exchequer — OSiSyndlcatc — 10
Gould & Curry S7 3* Union Con 21 Ti
Hale ft Norc... 18 17 Utah ...., 03 f<5
Julia 02 03 Yellow .Jacket.. 14 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Morning Session.
600 Andes GS| 100 Ophir M
1S00 Best ft Belcher HI 100 Ophir 59
200 Caledonia 70i 7^0 Ophlr &»
800 Con Cal ft Va..l 55: 800 Sierra Nevada. 1"»
1S00 Con Cal ft V.I 62H | 700 Sierra Nevad«i"l3
1500 Mexican 27| 400 Sierra Ne-radi. 20
200 Mexican 28 1 13)0 Union Con 23
The foUowlnr were the sales In the PaeifJa
8toek Exchange yesterday:
, Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 20 UOO Ophlr (0
100 Caledonia 70 30ft Ophir «
100 Challenge 20 100 Overman 14
100 Challenge 19 SCO Savage 17
1250 Con Cal ft Va..l &5 400 Sierra Nevada. C-t
100 Con Cal ft Va..l SO 100 Standard 4 ta
200 Gould ft Curry 37 UOO Union Con 24
800 Mexican 28 I «00 Tel low Jacket.. 15
tOO Mexican 271
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS,
SAVINGS BANKS.
O»r B * t, — 185U Sav A I. S*... — —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Ek..:T5 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U...S10 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....135 — lOILt H.... 49 —
Geary-st 474 - Presidio — 23
Markst-st .... 69 83 s i,
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — — |Vl«orlt »H *T«
Giant Con Co. 83 4 84>4|
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. ?H V\ Kilauea. S Co 21% Jl'-i
Haw C & S Co — 94 Makawell S C 41H •*-' •
Honokaa S Co Zl%i 33 Onomea 3 Co. 3&L —
Hutch S P Co H»i — Paauhau S Co KR4 -
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125 1234 Pao A K A.. 1 —
Cal Fruit Asn — 107 Pao Bor Co. .153 15*
Cal Wino Asn.100 — Par Paint Co. 12*i — .
Mer Ex Assn. 97 —
Oceanic SS Co. ICO —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 13 U
100 Cal Win* Assn 100 00
15 Contra Costa Water 17 15
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Ill 50
30 Oceania S S Co V# V*
SISF Gas & Electric Co U 44 ha
19 S F Gas & Electrio Co 49 00
5 S F Oaa & Electrio Co 48 iZ'-z
5 B F Ou *: Electric Co 48 25
(3 S F Gas & Electrio Co 48 04
25 S F Gas <fc Klectric Co 47 75
S5 8 F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
SO S F Gaa £ Electric Co 47 «2'4j
25 S V Water SI <X>
¦ MS V Water *> 87Hl
Street—
4 German Savings St Loan 1830 CO
5 Market Street Railway «» on
20 Oakland Gaa 50 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE,
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard $9
100 Central P & Con J CS
2C0 Central P ft Con , 3 00
400 Four Oil Co 57
20O Four Oil Co „.... 6*
2 Hanford 110 Ort
10 Hanford. s 20 110 m
X>0 Home Oil 4 15
1450 Junction >'¦
950 Junction 90
SO Junction SS
350 Kern Oil Co 11 15
33 Kern River 13 50
100 Lion Oil Co 21
700 Lion Oil Co 22
460 McKlttrtck Consolidated 20
900 Monarch of Arizona 78
100 Monte Crlsto 115
150 Peerless f 5ii
50 Peerless » S2'4
1700 Petroleum Center 23
21,200 Petroleum Center 23
60 Reed Crude Oil Co 71
200 Sterling O & D Co 3 2."
70O Sterling O Jt D Co 3 40
TOO Twenty-Eight J S3
100 Wolverine 1 72'$
Street—
100 Central P tc Con }M
BOO Lion Oil Co 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. 19—11 a. m.
; CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— Under close scrutiny a
steadier tone could be detected In the market
for wheat to-itey. Not that demand has im
proved, but the liquidation of long stuff dur
ing the day has the appearance of tall-end
holdings being thrown overboard to clear the
decks. May wheat opened H6Hc higher, at
74iiS74Hc and touched 74%c, the trade being
impressed by the firmness of cables, compared
I with weakness on this Bide yesterday. The
j bulge met slack support and a decline to 73%c
ensued. Heavy receipts, too, aided in depress
; Ing prices, but a very moderate amount of
! buying at the bottom near the end of the ses
sion caused a rally to 74Vi@74'/;c, and the close
was steady at »ic lower, at 74 l^c.
While corn was a very narrow market. mo«t
j ly within local confines and somewhat inclined
to hearken to the voice of the declining mar-
I ket. the tone was firm. Long stuff was firmly
i held.
May cloeed a shade higher.
Business In the oats market was very quiet.
Slay closed unchanged at 25*tiC. '
Provisions were quiet. The openintr was
firm, on light bog receipts and firm prices at
the stock yards. Hogs were weaker later and
they had an effect on provisions. May pork
closed 12>.^c lower, lard Be lower and May ribs
7%c lower.
Tho leading futures ranged as follows :
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No- 2— k~
January 71 T 4 71T4 71% 71H
February 72 - 72V« 714 71»i
May 74% 74% 73% " 74H
Corn No. 2—
January 3 S % S&*i S6% 86%
I February 37 37H 37 37
j May 38T» 38T* Z%% 38%
Oats No. 2—
j January 23S 23H 23H 23H
(May 25U 25U 25% 25%
t Mess Pork, per barrel—
(January 14 05 14 05 13 77% 13 77%
I May 14 20 14 20 14 00 14 05
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 7 40 7 40 7 35 =7 35
March 7 42V£ 7 424 7 374 7 37%
Itay 7 524 7 524 7 45 7 45
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January .... .... 8 974
May 7 174 7 20 7 074 7 10
Cash quotations were as • follows: Flour,
dull : winter patents. *3 60@3 R0; straights. $3 20
#3 55; clears, *2 70^3 30: spring specials. $4 40^
4 50; patents, $3 G0S3 80; straights, $3 io®3 40:
r-nkerst', $2 20fj2 60; .No. .3 spring wheat. S3®
71c * No. 2 red. 78fW4"4ejTNov 2 corn. 37@3?Uc;
No. 2 yellow, 37«j?37Hc; No. 2 oats, 24Vi?J24V.e;
No. 2 white, 26%«27c; No. 3 white. 264927c;
No. 2 rye, EOfr-olcf fair to choice malting bar
! ley. T>0©6Oc; No. 1 flaxseed. 11 65; No. 1 North
! western. SI 66: prime timothy seed, $4 65; mess
rork. per barrel. ?13 S5@13 90; lard, per 100
pounds, J7 35j?7 374; short-rib sides (loose),
$"ig>7 20: dry salted shoulders (boxed), $fi 25<3>
6 50: short clear sides (boxed), $7 25@7 35:
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade,,. $11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 2S.C00 ?8.0*v)
[Wheat, bushels .'. 45.000 16,on(i
J Corn, bushels 41R.000 134.000
Onts bushels 280.000 ISO, 000
Rye. bushels 6.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 63.000 25.000
On the l/roduce Bxchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creamery. 14320c; dairy,
114@lSc. Cheese, dull, 10U@ll%c. Eggs,
quiet; fresh, We.
<i:oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 19—5 p. m.
Th* following are the r»asonal rainfalls to
<at». as compared with those cf same date
t e^a*cn. and rainfall in laEt twenty-four
boors;
J Last ! This ! Last
STATIONS. ;24 Hoursj Season. Poason.
Eureka [ o.OO i «*.;* j 33.46
P.- 1 R!uff j O.IV) j 15. 6» { 14. K3
Farrmnmtto I O.no J io.3S !' 33 27
Ban Francisco J 0.<yi 1 n.eo 1 14 ""i
F>-«n« ! O.r«) I 7.03 | «.»
Tr^or^rr1»>nc*» I n.(V) 4 41 ; i.Gi
Baa L-JlF Obispo i •.<» j 2o!t3 j 12 'st
Loa \nK->lp S • «.<?> 1 7.SS , 4.f.7
Ran I'ircr, j p.oo \ 5.45 2.69
Weather Report.
The regular anr.ual statement cf the produe
i'.vn cf precious metals en the coast In 1900
i-.as been issued by Wells. Fargo & Co., as fol
iOWS t
CtlifcrrJa $18,890,754
£•*¦** 3.703,937
•^fcn 2.436.C34
PTaBhlngton 676.16")
>:a*ka 7.C85.310
I^-aho 11.616.S00
Mf.ntana f7»s.i50
I tah 17.61S.37S
< olrraflo 47.S16.2X0
New Mexico 3.349.M3
Arizona 21.206.029
SSouth Dakota 6 365 000
Texas 198.390
« yomir.g 610.000
British Columbia, Tukon Territory... S*>,2!>7,?10
Total $2^,315.427
This fe the largest product ever reported by
trat ap<>n<-y, whi--h h** made reports for thir
ty-five ypars. In mnktnp up the value of th-s >
rr-^tal* th» commercial rrice of silver ha* been
«>*timat»d at 61 cents r*r ounce, copper 18 cents
I»t ib, and Ipad »4 R7 per VtO lbs. The descrip
tions compare as follows with the previous
year:
im i»oo.
G"M I30.1BA.1S7 J?9.100 733
Bilver M.8f<4.4»9 42,402 602
Or-rr E9,244.9!>4 CJ.7F.2 284
J>«1 15,302.248 W.OSS.30S
T»>tal t2 l B.541.9C7 |22J,315,427
The r.»»t gain Is f25,S00,O00. including an ln
cr^af* of SS.OOQ.OriO in gold. I3.WO.OO0 in silver.
"¦ BM In copper and *2.700.»>0 In lead. La*t
rear f>ld formed <3.n per irnt of the total.
rilver :* 4? prr cent, copr«er sn.<; p^ r cent, and
If-a.'i 7.B per cent.
Metal Product in ipoo
• Apricots ar* firm but quiet so far a* local
trace !f concerned. Kxport demand is better.
both 'or Rfrieots and other lines. Peaches are
F'.chtlv flr-Tr^r, though there is apparently no
tusinoj-s of ar.y particular account being done.
Evaporated apples are quiet and easier."
*"Th* ra!s!n situation gained considerably in
MrT.gth Ian ¦neck, and there now seem* no
<ju<>Fti"r. that the outlook is decidedly improved
fcoth here and on the coast. The better feel
lr.jr at prPcTit Es largely confined to 2-crown
and S-crr>wn lr>ofe muscatels, demand for which
is deci^ediy more active. Inquiry from the
X\'p?t ffmf to have ceased, prices here being
hf'A firm above the W«»Ftem«r» # ideas.
Mali advices from New Tork say:
"So far as can be discovered tte reduction
tsy the Cured Fruit Association of prices on
Jsrge f!ze and email size prunes has brought
about no particular charge In the spot mar
ket. The sentiment wfmf practicaily unani
mous that the lowering of prices just made
¦will not r-e sufficient to heip prunes- move
from the ccapt to any extent, and that a con
*-!o«»ra.bie further reduction must be made be
f"r the trade can he induced to buy 'or more
than temporary wants.
The local Bank Clearings for the pact week
«r»re f22,0€2,445, Bfaiast t:o,i::,!T2 for the came
week last year.
Prunes and Raisins in New York.
Local Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK STOCK^, LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks — Bid.
10.9"9 Atchison ". '. 43H
7.««> Atchison prefd '. St
7,100 Baltimore & Ohio :.... 86*;
Canadian Pacific gSVfc
IOO' Canada Southern E8
600 Chesapeake & Ohio 37^4
4. £00 Chicago Great Western 16Mi
I.500 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 141%
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville 2S
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 59
....... Chk-airo & Eastern Illinois 92H
200 CTiif-ago & North westei-n 16»
7,700 Chfrago Rock Island & Pacific 117 l ,i
300 C C C & St Louis... 76>i
200 Colorado Southern ..* 6T»
£00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd IB
2.6W Delaware & Hudson lW
200 Delaware Lack & Western 193
S09 Denver & Rla Grande 23«
400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 81
I5.S09 Erie 27
10,200 Erie 1st prefd ;. 61%
600 Great Northern prefd 130%
Hocking Coal 15%
2<>0 Hocking Valley "." 431?
Illinois Central " t^>ia
200 Iowa Central 22&
Iowa Central prefd ."" 4*14
SfK) Lake Erie & Western 41
Lake Erie & Western prefd 108
Lake Shore 210>£
3,SfW) Louisville & Nashville.. . """if*
20.S00 Manhattan L . ' """"112
J-200 Metropolitan Street Railway! '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 159%
1,200 Mexican Central .... i«
S00 Minneapolis &- St Louis 67«a
•«7.-f66 M!^ e u 1 rT 5 V^fic 8t .. L<JUl8Pr;;f<i:::::::i 2L
Mobile & Ohio .;;¦ 4?^ ,
€00 Missouri Kansas & Texas "' iv
l.fiOO Missouri Kansas & Texas pnfd'.'.'.'. 45**
100 New Jersey Central .. i-j *
3,100 New York Central .. """ lin
4,100 Norfolk & Western !! ;?«
Norfolk & Western prefd..'. "*" g*
28.J00 Northern Pacific |S W
•W Northern Pacific prefd *"* c-i?
13.000 Ontario & Western $3
Oregon Railway & Nav... 4*
Oregon Railway A Nav prefd!!"" 76
1L200 Pennsylvania "us*/
12.400 Reading ." ao it
14.700 Reading 1st. prefd.. 6 o2
3,SW Reading 2d prefd ' ' 4a /?
Rio Grande Western .'£' t~*
Rio Grande Western prefd....! ' 9»
1,400 St Louis & San Fran ,-*¦' njji,
100 St Louis & Pan Fran 1st prefd 79
(too Ft Louis & San Fran 2d prefd Rftu
1,700 Kt Louis Southwestern 20%
8,300 St Louis Southwestern prefd, 49
19,600 St Paul 1 148
Pt Paul prefd ...; jg$
St Paul & Omaha. jjj
15.790 Southern Pacific 42
6,500 Southern Railway lg>4
3.4f>0 Southern Railway prefd ,. 6<,u
7,400 Texas & Pacific 25>4
30.000 T»riion Pacific sjtj
2,100 Union Pacific prefd.-. 8314
1,500 Wabarh .;;.».......... n%
7.900 Wahash prefd ..;. nH
400 Wheeling * Lake Erie....... ni;
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 78'
Wisconsin Central .. -i n%
?09 Third Avpme :........ .120
408 Baltimore & Ohio 84%
1,<XW National Tube 5fi
COO National : Tube prefd 9~*i
Kxpress Companies — . . '
400 Adams ........................116
1 and Texas and Pacific were also Btrong at ad
var.ce» of 3V4 for Missouri Pacific; Wabash pre
ferred 2V» and Texas Pacific 2H- The violent
break in Anaconda and Amalgamated Copper
had th<» first unsettling Influence on the mar
ket. The weakness was attributed to London
selling on account of the dull conditions In
the copper rtlarket. Anaconda broke 3«4 and
Amalgamated Copper 4^4. Both stocks rallied
in sympathy with the general utrength of the
market. In the final break declines resulted
In Brooklyn Transit of 5 points. Metropolitan,
4; Manhattan, 3^; St. Paul preferred, 4; Mis
souri Pacific, 3^; Steel and Wire, Z%; Federal
Steel. Erie first and Sugar, 2'4; Northern Pa
cific, 2H: Rock Island, 2^4, and a large number
of active stocks from 1 to 2 points. In the face
of the stock market liquidation, the enormous
Increase In the loan account of the banks of
152,841.000 waB a disagreeable shock to specu
lative sentiment and served to offset the cash
gain of nearly $14,000,000. There has been lar^e
placing of loans abroad during the week, but
special operations must be looked to explain
the loan Item. The payment on account of the
Pennsylvania Coal Company purchase and
larse borrowings by one of the great railroad
companies to carry purchases of stocks of other
railroads made last year are supposed to ac
count for some part of the increase.
The etock market during the week has shown
a state cf nervous apprehension among specu
lators of long stocks on a margin and a marked
failing off In the general demand for stock
which afforded a sure market for so prolonged
a period of extraordinary activity In trading.
The conviction had steadily gained force that
the prices reached by many stocks were in
flated and that the demand which lifted them
to that point was purely speculative.
The Belling has been largely forced by the
declines which the bear element has caused by
manipulation, thereby uncovering stop-loss or
ders and dislodging long Blocks. The bear tac
tics have been resisted by powerful speculative
interests which hav* been supporting orders in
the market. The bear element itself has been
so eager to anticipate the culmination of the
rise that they have kept the short account in
the market very large. This in Itself is a
powerful sustaining factor and represents a
practical discounting of the threatened liquida
tion. As a consequence there are large buying
i orders to take profits for short account at even
slight declines. The bear leadership has not
been bold or aggressive up to this time. The
influences have served to offset to a degree the
underlying weakness of the market. Various
developments during the week have demon
strated that speculators have misplaced their
confidence in many rumors that have been
afloat. Expected dividends have not been forth
coming; much herawd consolidations have
been disclaimed. The leading Incidents of this
class have been. the assertions by President
Hill of the Great Northern that he never
owned a share of Ft. Paul stock in his life:
the denial by an official of tha Metropolitan
street railway cf the reported lease of the Man
hattan: the lack of expected provision by the
Federal Steel directors for the quarterly dividend
on t^ie common stock during the coming year
and subsequent rumors of a bond issue and a
suspension of dividends In the future, and the
failure of the Erie directors to take any ac
tion on a dividend. There were so many other
unconfirmed predictions that speculative con
fidence was very much undermined. The com
mencement of gold exports had little effect on
the market.
Without doubt the most potent Influence on
speculation has been the disquieting evidence
of hostile conditions amonis the pr*at iron and
steel combinations. Mr. Carnegie's epigram,
"Iron Is either a kins or a pauper," directs at
tention to the periods of extreme depression to
which the Iron Industry has been subject in
th« past and causes anxiety for the future of
the highly capitalized steel industrials, divi
dends on which are dependent upon a highly
prosperous condition of the industry. It Is evi
dent, also, that the division of business among
the great eteei corporations Is a subject of
friction and threatens competition and reprisals
that would demoralize profits in the Industry-
The announcement of a projected tube mill
by the Carnegie Interests at Conneaut, Ohio,
has be«m supplemented by rumors of further
incursions Into the field of the various depart
ments. The admipslon by the Federal Steel
authorities of a contemplated bond issue I* ac
cepted as a note of preparation for a conflict.
From the speculative point it Is a matter of
notoriety In Wall street that there, are ani
mosities among the steel interests which are
ranged refpectlvely on the bull and the biar
sides of the market. The etock market has
felt the sympathetic effect of the violent fluc
tuations in the steel stocks, but the uneasiness
over the Iron an1 Fteel trade outlook has been
evpn more rffertive on speculatlce sentiment.
Bonds have moved in sympathy -with stocks.
i:nit«v1 Stales -refunding 2s declined %; o*d 4s
H and the Ss %.
There Is nothing new la Apples and P«ara.
V DECIDUOUS FRUITS— . -
' APPLES— 85e«So per box for common and 75o
©SI 6© for good to choice; . Spttsenbergs , $1 s«
1 75; t Oregon Spitzenbergs, . $1 50@l 73.
PEAjRS-SOcigU 50 per box.; , ¦- .
Six : cars of Oranges will be offered : to-mor
iow at the auction. The market for all citrus
fruits continues dull and Lemons are especially
weak "at the decline > already ': noted, rv ¦
¦ Bananas are still hanging- up thickly In front
ot the stores and the peddlers are selling them
along the streets at. 10c -per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus; Fruits.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 25c; mixed
colors, 23c per dozen.
California ¦ gathered— Selected, 22c: standard,
21c; seconds, . •-'-..
:Fiesh Eastern— Fancy, — ; standard, - ;
seconds, — .
Storage— California fancy. 5 standard, ¦ •
Eastern fancy, : 20c; ¦ standard. ; seconds.
CHEESE— Fancy, full, cream. 12o; choice,
10c; ¦ common, nominal; 'Young- Americas
12c; Eastern, full cream, 15&l6%c per lb.
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, 18c; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 12c. - . -
Storage — Creamery extras. Mo; firsts, 17c
seconds, ; dairy extras, — %
Pickle— 17o per lb.
Keg— 18c per lb. " ."
Cheese, continues weak ¦ and unchanged.
Eggs are in lighter supply and firmer, with
an advanc* In standard gathered. There ar«
no more fresh v Eastern here and receipts 6f
the home product are not sufficient to supply
the deficiency, henca the Improvement
Receipts as reported by the Dairy , Exchange
were 26,800 pounds Butter, 489 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Egrgs, 5925 pounds
California Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese. ' .*
The Butter situation' seems to bo clearing.
Stocks have become considerably reduced and
the feeling Is steadier all around. Prices stand
the same. ' •- ' . '-¦'¦--
The Poultry market closed the week de
pressed, with more or less stock carried
over. Dressed Turkeys were lower again.
Game, on the contrary, was In quick demand
end higher, though receipts were 225 sacks.
POULTRY— Live. Turkeys, lO^llc for Gob
blers and ll@12Hc for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
U@14c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2: Goslings, $1 75
Cr2; Ducks, $4@5 for -old and $086 for young:
Hens, $3 5005; Young Roosters. $4 MfflS; Old
Roosters, $3 50®4; Fryers, $4@3; Broilers,
S4@4 60 for large and . $3@3 50 for small ;
Pigeons. Jl@l 25 per dozen for old. and $2 25
ff'i 75 for Squabs. ¦ . .
GAME-Quail, $1@1 25 for Valley and — for
Mountain; Mallard. $3^4 50; Canvasback. I] (0
©4: Sprig, $394: -.Teal. $2 60@3 75: Widgeon.
S2@>2 50: Small Duck. $1 25©1 60; Black Jack!
$175; Gray Geese, $S(JI« TS; White Geese, $129
1 60; Brant, $1 80 for small and $232 J3 for
large; Honkers, $4 50@6; English Snipe. $23
$2 60; Jack Snipe, $1 50: Hare. $1 2531 SO; Rab
bits. . 11 60 ; for Cottontail and $1 for. Brush;
Doves, 75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry ami Game.
Receipts of Potatoes were extremely large,
amounting to over 13,000 sacks, but prices did
not change. Onions were steady. Vegetables
ruled firm, and Asparagus had a wide range,
according to quality axid size of sale.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65®75c; Burbanks,
33fr50c for River and 85c@$l 10 per ctl for
Salinas and 75c@$l 12V4 for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles, from Oregon, 90c@$l 10; Sweets, $110
for MfTced. \
ONIONS— $1 90@2 25 per ctl: Cut Onions, $1 25
©1 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus from Sacramento.
10£30o per lb: Green Peas, 6*870 per lb; String
Beans, 12H@20e; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes. Los
Angeles, $1 25©? 25 per crate; Egg Plant. Los
Angeles, 10{fl2Vic per lb; Green PeppeTS, Los
Angeles, SwlOc per lb for Chile and 15c
for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@01c; Dty -Ckra. 10
©15c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per box: Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1 25®1 5o per dozen: Summer
Squash, $1 60@3 per box; Garlic. 4c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $12f 20 per ton; Mushrooms,
7%©15c per lb.
I'EANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White,
$4 60®4 90; Large White, $4@4 25; Pink. $2 15
@'2 25; Red. $2 75@3; Blackey«, $3; Llmas, $5 73
<as 80: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3HO
t\.c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H@9Hc: Rape. 29
2%c: Hemp, 3%@3%c: Timothy. 6Hc
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2®2 50; Green. $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers reported the Government still hot
after white Beans, and quoted a further ad
vance, the top figures representing the ask
ing prices. Colored remain quiet and un
changed.
The feeling In Hay was steadier, receipts be
ing lighter, but quotations were unchanged.
Bran was quoted very firm and likely to go
still higher, in anticipation of limited ar
rivals in the near future.
BRAN— $15©15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25®26: Jobbing,
$:6 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $259
25 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50®2jS; Mixed Feed.
$15®16.
HAY— Volunteer. $508: Wheat, $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10@13 60; Oat, $9012,- Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley. $7 5009 50 per
C STRAW— $5©47%o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15^3 25;
Oregon. $2 75@3 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 foe bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
MILLRTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3- per -100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 6003 75: Buckwheat Flour. $4S4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; in sacks. $5 75@7: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
"WHEAT— New York and Liverpool stood
about the same, but Paris futures were higher.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad
vices. The demand was moderate.' The com
mission houses had a few buying orders, but
th« local crowd sold. There were large orders
for May. Cables from -Antwerp reported that
market short and bullish on Anrentlne news.
The PlllBbury people report sales of BO.OOO bar
rels of Flour for export. It is the belief that
the unusual liquidation Is over, and It Is now
said that the Wall street holdings are closed
out. and gone into new hands.
This market was neglected and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9"Hc; milling $1®1 03
per ctl. *
1 CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 4000
ctls, $1 07*«.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 W»g.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 03«K.
BARLEY — The market continues In a most
unsatisfactory condition, being neglected and
weak. >
Feed. 75o for choice bright, 72H@73%e for No.
I and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77V>@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
\ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. '
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS— It is reported that more Oats will ar
rive here in transit for the army at Honolulu.
The market continues quiet and firmly held.
White. $130@150: Surprise, nominal; Red.
II 25@1 40 for Feed and $1 S5@l 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, $1 17H®1 20;
lor Seed. $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Neglected and more or less nom
inal. Yellow. $1 12H: White. $1 lOfl 15; East
ern mixed. $1 12% per ctl.
RTB- Quoted at 82 1 -i@87%c p«r ctl. with sales
at the top figure. There 13 not much demand.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 85 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Wheat and Other Grains,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4H
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 8S^
Sterling Cables « «,. — 4 89^4
New York Exchange, sight V" — . 17V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 50% 0 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and' Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley neglected and weak.
Oats firm and quiet. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay 'steadier and Bran showing signs of an advance.
Government demands for White Beans keep them very firm.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables steady.
Butter arm, Cheese weak and Eggs doing better.
Poultry closes the week depressed. Game firm and in demand.
Fresh Fruits quiet and plentiful.
No better demand for Prunes follows the cut.
Provisions still quiet at the old prices.
Wocl, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meats very firm, with small stocks.
Local bank clearings shozv a gain for the week.
Oil stocks still active and generally firm.
Local stocks and bonds not over active.
Raisin quotations shozv some change.
NEW YORK. * Jan. " 19.— Exports ; of gold \ and
silver from this port ' to all countries for tho
NEW YORK. Jan. 19. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened weak to-day, but
were firmer later on the better news • about
the Quwn. Consols were ,% . down. , There
were small purchases »of Americans at; the
lower level. Union . Pacifies and Erles being
better. Copper shares were | Irregular, Ana
condas belrig weak. Money was rather harder.
CLOSING. '
Atchlson. 45H: Canadian Pacific.* 91U: Union
PaclHc, 85; Northern Pacific • preferred, 87V4;
Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda,' 8%. Bar sliver,
steady, 23 ll-16d per ounce. " Money. 2@2V4
per cent. \
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan:, 19.— To-day's Treasury
statement- shows: Available cash' balance
»137,m.555; gold, $77,663,331. '
Exports and Imports, t
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— The weekly statement
of averages of tha Associated Banks shows:
Loans, $830,873,400; Increase. - $22,841,000. De
posits, $921,781,200; Increase, $36,451,000. Circu
lation. $30,973,200; Increase, $23™. Legal tend
ers, $73,050,600; increase,' $2,476, <VW. Specie. $154,
652,R00; increase, tll,4!»o,300. Total reserve, $257.
703,400; increase, $13,971,300. Reserve required,
$230.446.^00;' Increase. $9.112.S50. Surplus reserve,
$27.2i>6,6'>0; Increase, $4,S5S,ooO.
The Financier says:
The statement of the New Yorkclearlng-hous-e
banks for the week ended January 19 is the
most remarkable in several respects ever is-
Fiied. Not only were the. fluctuations Mn loans
and deposits the heaviest on record, but the
aggregate totals of these items are also the
highest known in the history of the. New York
barks. Significant as these figures are. how
ever, of the great volume, of business passing
through the banks, tlip result 1 ? as revealed In
the standing of the Institutions are even more
worthy of note. In the face- of an advance
in nft deposits amounting to $36,431,000, which
required an additional cash reserve of more
than nine million dollar*, the banks have been
sble to add $4.S5?,5. r i0 to their exceRS reserve,
the cash grnin having been almost fourteen
millions. The cash expansion reflects rather
correctly the gains the banks have made in
their dealings with the Interior and the sub-
Treasury, and the Item would have been higher
had it not been for the exports of specie earlier
in the week. The loan increase was $22,841,000,
and was brought about for the most part by
the financing of the Jersey Central and Penn
sylvania coal deals, both operations of unusual
magnitude. The pains in the leading items
were confined principally to half a dozen large
banks. Owing to the fact that the cash ex
pansion was not disturbed among the banks In
proportion to their increase In other Items, the
reserve percentages have undergone wide
fluctuations as compared with the usual
changes. The Btatement, despite tha record
brecklng figures, really indicates continued easy
money if tho accumulation of Idle cash In the
banks is taken as a criterion. The total specie
and letrals held by the clearing-houae now
amount In round numbers to $257,750,000. It Is
not surprising that Europe turns to this ac
cumulation as the representative of a store
of national wealth upon which drafts may be
made to meet emergencies. In passing it may
be said that the increase alone in the de
poFlts of the Sew York banks last week
anr.ounta to more than the aggregate deposits
of all the banks in quite a number of reserve
cities throughout . the United States.
To-day's bank statement showed record fluc
tuations In loans and deposits as compared
with the changes of any previous week of
clearing-house history. Bank officers were
puzzled by the $22,841,000 fraln In loans during
a period of considerable stock market liquida
tion and couM not -account for the showing
except by the fact that It indicated prepara
tions to finance some sort of a private rallroa.l
deal. In this connection It was -pointed out
that one Wall street bank to-day and yester
day had a credit balance at the clearing-house
aggregating £14,000,000. The Btatement also
showed a gain of $13,971,300 In cash holdings,
with an Increase of $4,853,550 In surplus bank
Associated Banks' Statement.
American ' 173
United States 55
Wells-Fargo 183
Miscellaneous — / ¦
400 American Cotton Oil 27%
American Cotton Oil prefd 87
American Malting *M
American Malting prefd 24
2,"C0 American Smelting & ReHn 61
1,500 American Smeltfng & Refln prefd.. 97%
....... American Spirits^. ; 2
American Spirits prefd 17
j 1,100 American Steel Hoop 24^4
... American Steel Hoop prefd 70^4
15,500 American Steel & Wire 33 s i
1,000 American Steel & Wire prefd 85%
*,:00 American Tin Plate 59
400 American Tin Plate 87fi
E.SOO American Tobacco 111%
American Tobacco prefd 136
4.6C0 Anaconda Mining Co 42
46.S00 Brooklyn Rapid -Transit 75H
1.S00 Colorado Fuel A Iron 44>i
4,300 Continental Tobacco 41%
Continental Tobacco prefd 93H
27.500 Federal Steel 4G»i
2,800 Federal Steel prefd 69%
General Electric 186
Glucose Sugar .' 47
' Glucose Sugar prefd S5V£
€00 International Paper 22Vi
400 International Paper prefd 70
I^eciede Gae 72
100 National Biscuit 37»^
COO National Biscuit prefd 92
National Lead MY*
National Lead rrefd 84
1.SO0 National Steel 3S
200 National Pteel prefd 90
New York Air Brake 149
North American 19%
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 89
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
100 Pacific Mail 40
7,500 People's Gas 97
460 Pressed Steel- Car 40^
200 Pressed Steel Car 77
Pullman Palace Car 195
200 Standard Rope & Twine 3^
13,400 Sugar 132V4
Sugar prefd llS'fc
2.300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55
1.S00 United States Leather 11*4
200 United States leather prefd 73Vi
700 United States Rubber 21
100 United States Rubber prefd 60^
3,000 Western Union SHi
950 Republic Iron & Steel... ll^i
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 57Vi
PC C & St Louis 5i
48,400 Amalgamated Copper 87
640,000. Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref reg IOS^iN Y Cent lsts.... 106%
Do coud 105*1 !N J Cent ten 5s... 128
U S 3s rep lns^iKor Pac 3s 70
I>» coud ,...110 I Do 4s 104^
V S new 4s reg..l36» 3 ;N y. C & St L 4S..10SVJ
Do coup 1374iN r or & West con 4s W*i
U S old 4s reg m^Oregon Nav lsts..US
Do coup iisi^t Do 4s l<mi
U S 5s reg llOVfc. Oregon S L 6s 12!H4
Do coup ni% no con 6s UG^
Dlst of Col 3 60s. ..125 Reading gen 4s.... 93
Atchlson gen 4s lGI'^iR G W lsts 9)
Do adj 4s SS»i'St L & I M con 5s. 11114
Canada Sou 2nds...llO :St L & S F gen 6s. 123
Ches & Ohio 4U S ...i04%iS!t Paul con 1S3H
I>o Bs 120V4!St P, C & P lsts. .US
C & NW con 7s 135UJ Do 5s 110'4
Do S F deb 3& 123 "jSo Pac 4s 83V4
Chi Terminal 4s 9;«i'Po Ry 5s 112U
Colo Southern 4s.. 84W Stan R & T 6e 6T.
I>&RG4s 100U, Xex & Pac l8ts...llj?i!
Kr1e gen 4s S3 Do 2nds 90
F W & D C 1st S3 Un Pac 4s 105*4
Gen El ec 6s 155 Wabash lists US 1 *
Iowa Cent lsts — 115 Do 2nds iO>>»4
L & n uni 4s 93% West Shore 4s. ...114
M K & T 2nds 76U Wis Central 4s 85*i
Do 4s it>t Vlr Centuries 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Oon 20 Little Chief 16
Alice 40 Ontario 6 25
Broeee 2 00 Ophlr 60
Brunswick Con 26|Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04!Pootsl 10
Con Cal and Va....l 50 j Savage 15
I>adwr>od Terra 63 i Sierra Ne\-ada 15
Horn Silver 1 10 ; Small Hones 70
Iron Silver .; 65 Standard 4 15
Leadville Con 06 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 93
Call loans 3 ®4% Bonds—
Time loans 3^@4' / 4 Atchlson 4s lOiyi
Stocks— N E Gas & C 6s. 65>4
A T & St Fe 43 Minlnp Shares—'
Do prefd *3 Adventure 9Vs
*mer Sugar 132H AUouez MIn Co... 15%
Do rrefd 118 Amal Copper 87'«
Hell Tel 157 Atlantic 27'4
Boston & Albany. 254',4 Hoston & Mont ..307
Boston El 142 Butte & Boston .. 78VJ
Chi Bur & Q 141»i Calumet & Hecla.Sr.5
Dominion Coal 3514: Centennial 214
Do prefd 108 Franklin 15?4
Federal Steel 46^1 Humboldt 50
Do prefd 63^i Osceola 80%
Fltchburg prefd. ..139^ Parrott 46
Gen Elec prefd... 158^4 Qulncy 173
Ed Elec 111 215 Santa Fe Copper.. 6
Old Colony 207 Tamarack 330
Old Dominion 29\£ Utah Mining .... 32
Rubber 21 Wlnona 0
Union Pacific .... S1H Wolverines 47%
Union Land "2U
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
17,450 barrels; exports. 13,862; nominal; un
changed. Minnesota patents, $4@4 25; do
bakers'. $3@3 35; winter patents, $3 60@4; do
straights, $3 4Q@3 60; do extras, $2 60@2 90; do
low grades, $2 45@-2 65.
i WHEAT- Receipts, 85,500 bushels; exports,
I2S.SS0 bushels: sjjot, dull. No. 2 red 79Uc
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 'red, 77%c elevator- No.
1 Northern Duluth. S5^c f. 0. b.; No. 1 North
ern Duluth hard, SS%c.f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened firm on covering, but yielded
to unloading and ruled weak all the forenoon
closing weak %c net advance. January, 78 S 4
©78 7-16c, closed 78%c; March, 78%<279 l-16c
closed 7S%c; May, closed 79<4c; July, closed
7Sc. . -
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice. 1900
crop. 165J21C; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop l»«19c
HIDES— Firm; Galveston, 18%®l9c- Califor
nia, 19c; Texas* 15c. '
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Dull ; spot, No. 7 Invoice, 714c:
milJ market, quiet. Cordova, 8®8Ho. Futures
closed inactive, unchanged to 5 points lower.
January, $5 70; March. $5 80; May, $5 90* July
$5 9D: October, $6; December, 16 10. .
SUGAR— Raw, easy. Refined, 3 II-I60; centri
fugal, 96 test, 4 ll-16c; molasses sugar 3 9-16c
Refined, quiet; No. 6, 4.95c; No. 7, 4.75c; No 8
4.75c; No. 9, 4.70c; No. 10, 4.65c: No. 11 4 60c-
No. 12, 4.55c; No. 13. 4.56c; No. 14. 4.50c; etand
erd A. 5.30c; confectioners' A, 5.S0c; mold A
5.85c: cut loaf, 6c; crushed, 6c; powdered 6 60c;
granulated. 5.50c; cubes, 5.50c
BUTTER-Recelpts, 2134 packages; firms
creamer}'. 16@23c; June creamery. lS^'Oc- fac
tory. ll@14c.
EGGS- Receipts. S4D9 packages; firm. West
ern average packed, at mark, 22®23»4c; West
ern, loss off, 24c.
DRIED FRUIT.
Evaporated apples, dull and unchanged.
1 California dried fruits, inactive.
J PIIUNFS— 3^g8c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8U®
""PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 6%®10c.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Crushed, 6.2Sc; Powdered, 5.83c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75e ; Magnolia A, 5.35c: Extra C.
E.ZSc; Golden C, 5.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders . taken for less than 7J
barrels or its' equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 19.
Flour, qr ska.... .4.905 Straw, tons ..'.... 15
Wheat, ctls 510 Wool, bales 34
Barley, ctla 1,130 Pelts, bdls ?s
Oats, ctls 140(Hldes. No 303
Beans, rks S.240tLim». bbls 273
Rye, ctls S60 Suyar. ctla 330
Potatoes, eks 13,094 [Tallow, ctls 11
Onions, sks 50 'Leather, rolls ... 72
Bran, sks 1.525iWlna, gals ...... H.190
Middlings, sks .. W3 Quicksilver, fisks 80
Hay. tons 2691
SALMON — Round Jots are quoted aa follows:
Alaska, red. $1 20; medium do, $1 10; pink. 95c;
Columbia River, Chinook, $1 75 for tails and
SI So for flats: barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Pujrar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
RICE— China mixed. XI 2094 (5; No. I, $4 T0$
4 85; extra, $5®5 SO; Japanese, $4 95© 5 SO; Louis
iana. $4® 8 50: Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9: Co-operative "Walls
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, (15 per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 SO per ton. according to
brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags.
281i@32Ho; Fleece Twine. 7%c.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— 10©llo per lb: spring. l«4@15o per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. 8%©Sc for small and 5"4O
6c for medium and S*&Q5*£c for lartre; stock
Hogs and feeders. 5>;&3Hc: dressed Hogs, 7U
©8V4c
All quotations remain as before, with small
supplies and a firm tone.
BEEF— 7H®8Hc for Steers and «©7% per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Lance. 809c; email. 95?llo per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers, 9H«?10c; Ewes, 9<39^c
per ponnd.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. <R4®8c: do lambs, S3
8c; Middle County. 9®10e; Northern Mountain,
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7^@8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16o per lb.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15®Uc; Northern, defective 12a
14c; Middle Connty. free. IWIISc; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12914c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9©10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 11812c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9® lie: Humboldt and Mendocino. II
617c: Nevada, 13916c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9%c; medium. 9c; light. 8@SVjc; Cow Hides.
8%e. for heavy and 8©Stte for light; Stags «a
6Hc: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9o: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. lS^c; culls, 134c; dry
kip, 16; Dry Calf, 15??17c; culls and brands
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20fi30c each; short
Wool. SOgsSo each; medium. 6CN§75c: long Wool
75c*g$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $3 B0©2 75 for
large and $2J?2 25 for medium. $l$l ti for small
and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, $1 60 for medium. $1 25 for small and Me
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 8S0;
fall or medium sklsa, 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, «4®44c per lb:
No. 2, 3Ho; grease. 2@24c.
LAItD— Tierces quoted at suas^c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure
9Vic: 10-lb tins, »%e; 6-lb tins, 9*ic.
¦ COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8*£e: three
half -barrels, 8c: one tierce. 7Tic; two tierces.
7**c; live tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@li>ic per lb for
heavy. ll%@12c for light medium. lZ%@13c for
light, 13M.-QHC for extra light and ISSla'ie for
rugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11^9
12c; Mees Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13*
Family. {14; extra Prime Pork. $15#15 50; extra
clear, $19 60(f 20; Uess, $17; Smoked Beef, lie
per pound.
Continue quiet at unchanged quotations.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9@10c per lb for Italian
hardshell. 10c: No. 2. V,$c: Almonds. 12guc for
papershell. 9S11C for softshell: Peanuts 5«ttc
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans ll«J13c: Cocoanuts. $3 J<V©3.
* HONEY-Comb. 13t4©U%e for bright and 13%
©13c for light amber; water white extracted
7%iftSc; light amber extracted, «H67c; dark'
StgSHc per lb.
BEESWAX- 24®28o per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claran. 4 (H*es. Sc:
30-40s, 10c: 40-BOs, Vie; W-SOs. *Me; 60-70*. S^ie:
70-SOs. SHc; 80-903. 2*c: 90-100s. 2%c- 10O-120s
liic; rubles. Vio premium: Ponomaa. 140 and
Ean Joaqulns He less than Santa Claras ex
cept 100 and over, whlcb stand the aams Apri
cots. 6®8e for Royals and 10®10Uc for Mocr
parks; evaporated Apples, ofj«c~; sun-dried
SMt©*He: Peaches. 4®5c for standard. 5©Sc for
choice and 6H@7c lor fancy; Pears 297c-
Plums, pitted, 6@6Hc; unpltted. liQl^c: Nec
tarines. Efface for red and 5H@«c for white
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers" Association
fcas established the following prices: Bleached
Thompsons fancy, 12c per 1b; choice, lie
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9e p»r lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lWic per
lb: choice, 9Hc: standard. 8Hc: prime, go; un
bleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless. 3Mb boxes,
•He: 4-crown, 7c; 8-crown, 6>jc: 2-crown, 6e.
Paciflo Brand, 4-crown. B^4c; 3-crown, 5*4c:
2-crown. 5c. London Layers. 2-crown. Jl SO
per box; 3-crown. $160; Fancy Clusters. $2;
Dehe«a. $2 SO; Imperial. $3. All prices f. a.
b. at common shipping points in California.
According to the report from the East In
the first column the cut In Prunes has nst re
sulted in any Improvement in tha demand,
which is still very slack. It is the experience
of veterans In trade, and It has almost become
ar. axiom in certain lines, that when any com
modity gets dirt cheap It does no good to still
further cheapen It, for no increase in the de
mand is evex-notlced. while the cut reduces the
proceeds to the producer Just so much more.
Experience Is the great teacher In trade, as
well as in other thinrs.
The Raisin Association has made several
changes and added the Pacific Brand to the
list . »
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsin*. J13 50; Cap*
Cod. $14 per barrel.
CITRUS ' FRUIT! 5 — Navel Oranges. $132;
Seedlings. 50c® $1; Tangerines, nominal: Man
darins, 75cQSl; Lemons, 23c©Jl 23 for common
and $1 S0®2 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
SOcSJl 60: Mexican Limes. $4 5(*g5: California
Limes, 25335c; Bananas, 2ScG$l per bunch;
Pineapples, 75c<ft3 per dozen. „.;.;; -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new,
Ss lid ; American mixed old, 4s. Futures-
Steady; January. 3s l%d; March, 3s 9%d; May.
Ss 9%d.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California, 8s
4d; No. I red Western winter, 9a Id; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s . SHd. Futures— Quiet ;
March 8a Ha;. May. 6s %d.y
; LIVERPOOL, Jan. 19.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 4dfi 6s *W; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Parfe, steady; weather
In England, rainy. . . ¦
. COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-3M. ¦
CLOSING. -
23 1-164; French rentes, lOlf 92He: wheat car
sroes on passage. Quieter, hardly any demand:
Erurllah country markets,, quiet. . :
The Imports - of dry goods and merchandise
to the port of New York for the week were
valued at $10,988,978.
week apffresate $1,115,968 ellvtr bars and coin
and $1,664,672 gold. \ . :¦"•_•» ¦:¦-:
The Imports of specie this week were (14.430
gold and J14, 126 silver.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JANUARY 20, 1901.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
31
E> 1 in. 1V.-4. ¦ ;
H-.'l. AskPrL
Blue Goose !
Buckhorn |
Burlington
California Standard
Caribou
El Dorado
Four
Hanford
Hanford, Fresno. Kern River..
Home
Homestake ,.
Independence
Kern
Kern River
Lion Oil Co
McKlttrlck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Bear Flag
Black Jack
McKlttrlck
Wolverine
Monte Criato
Occidental (of West Va)
Oil City Petroleum
Reed Crude
San Joarjuln O & D Co..........
Shamrock
Sterling O A D Co
Sunset Original
Twenty-Eight
Westlake
Westshore
Yukon
Cal Oil & Gas ,..
Century 4..T
Peerless ....|
Queen Esther j
Senator
Superior
Thirty-three Oil Co
— 3J-1
— JW
! 33 39
m —
1 73 1 »S
n ss
Ul 00 —
— 42
4 10 4 15
— 12 W
20 n
u 12^' ii r.
16 50 If "y
51 22
20 22
47 S2
1 72H ITS
: is 2 :•
w —
— 1300
13 71
13 12% 13 50
80 —
340 S43
— 45
ISO 2 174
4 10 S 00
50 —
200 1(0
— 1 13
9 50 » *: • i
U50 —
E> 1 in. 1V.-4. ¦ ;
H-.'l. AskPrL
Blue Goose !
Buckhorn |
Burlington
California Standard
Caribou
El Dorado
Four
Hanford
Hanford, Fresno. Kern River..
Home
Homestake ,.
Independence
Kern
Kern River
Lion Oil Co
McKlttrlck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Bear Flag
Black Jack
McKlttrlck
Wolverine
Monte Criato
Occidental (of West Va)
Oil City Petroleum
Reed Crude
San Joarjuln O & D Co..........
Shamrock
Sterling O A D Co
Sunset Original
Twenty-Eight
Westlake
Westshore
Yukon
Cal Oil & Gas ,..
Century 4..T
Peerless ....|
Queen Esther j
Senator
Superior
Thirty-three Oil Co
— 3J-1
— JW
! 33 39
m —
1 73 1 »S
n ss
Ul 00 —
— 42
4 10 4 15
— 12 W
20 n
u 12^' ii r.
16 50 If "y
51 22
20 22
47 S2
1 72H ITS
: is 2 :•
w —
— 1300
13 71
13 12% 13 50
80 —
340 S43
— 45
ISO 2 174
4 10 S 00
50 —
200 1(0
— 1 13
9 50 » *: • i
U50 —The Director General came to this city
In a private car over the Southern Pa
cific, with which line he seemed pleased.
He was met at Oakland by Mr. Sanborn
of the Burlington. He expects to confer
with President Hays and other local rail
road officials before departing for the Or
ient. ¦ :
planning extensions, and besides this they
are continually making improvements to
the lines already in operation. It seems
to me as if the territory ought to be pret
ty well covered by this time. The Impe
rial Government controls about 1000 miles
of railway, over which I have entire su
pervision."
I will sell to-morrow 1000 pairs of shoes
for 50 cents a pair. You * will find: amons:
them ladies', misses' and - children's shoes
worth none less than. $2 for ; only 5O.cents>
a nair, at the bankruoti shoe sale of the
California" Shoe Company, . 1506 Market
street, near City; Hall avenue. Frank -W.
Plpher. receiver, "
At the Bankrupt Shoe Sale.
. John Brady, alias - "Cocky" . Brady,
pleaded guilty to burglary and was .sen
tenced to five years in San Quentin. He
and Edward Shay broke into a car on
the water front on November 11 and stole
a case of evaporated milk. . They were
caught in . the act and ' jumped ¦ into I the
bay from Fishermen's wharf to ¦ escape
the officers. Shay's trial will be held on
January 23. . V. >
Maude Adams, who was convicted of
petty larceny by a jury In" Judge Cook's
court for stealing : diamonds from Frank
Rhodes Jr. of Sacramento, was sentenced
to six months In the County Jail yester
day. ; . - . ¦ ' - ' ¦- ¦¦=:¦'
In Judge La.wlor'8 court Frank Tierney
was sentenced to two and a half years in
Ban Quenttn for burglary for breaking
into a saloon at Fifth and Clara streets. .
Prisoners Sentenced.
; "To ' me ; the most striking.-, feature of
American railroads \ Is : the ; advancements
they are continually, making.; It seems as
if the owners were never satisfied .with the
length of \ their.; roads. '.-. They are always
While in Paris Matsomoto attended the
International Congress of ; Railways. He
has spent, a month:' in *,the^ United States
and la now •-. en ¦¦¦¦"? ronte .--for,- the. Orient.
Speaking of his observations in this coun
try, he said: . , .
"You : have some splendid railroad lines
in v- America.. ¦'¦ One of the -best," I think,- Is
the Pennsylvania. >. ; The president -of .the
Pennsylvania ; is a graduate of - the same
institute that: I attended. It Is difficult
to" compare your 'roads with; those, of - Ja
pan. - The ¦ conditions there are : so : differ
ent; and the' environment of a railway has
much to do with the way it is conducted.
I ; notice , the difference - even ' here In the
West; as compared : with the roads in - the
East..;-- .¦¦¦¦ ;;,.¦¦;-¦;;¦¦¦"'¦ •>.••;¦ •'.-"¦ : "'.-.-¦¦ I- ¦
Matsomoto , Is a : graduate* of the Poly
technic Institute at Troy,, N. T., and , he
was appointed to his present position by
the Japanese Government a year ago. In
July he began a ''.tour >of the : European
and American cities with" a view toward
obtaining | railway Information. He g has
made a careful Btudy; of modern railway^
methods and will recommend to his ' Gov
ernment . the '- adoption ¦ of some of the
American Ways:.
S. Matsomoto, Director General of the
Imperial Government railroads In Japan,
arrived In this city . last evening ; and put
up at' the Occidental. He Is accompanied
by his private secretary, Y.Klnoshlta,
Director General of thi
Imperial Government
PRAISES FINE
AMERICAN ROADS
Lieutenant Ira L. Reeves has been as
signed to duty as quartermaster of the
camp set aside for the occupancy of the
returning volunteers.
Lieutenant Paul A. Barry. Fourth In
fantry, quartermaster ot- the transport
Calif ornlan, has been detached from that
vessel and assigned to duty with I the
Second Provisional Battalion, as has also
Lieutenant Tenney Ross, Third Infantry,'
quartermaster of the transport Leelanaw.
Patrick Larkln, a discharged soldier,
died yesterday at the general hospital.
Death was ca.used by a cancerous growth
In the throat. •. ' *'r->r*'»
The condition of Clarence W. Bailey, the
young recruit who attempted to kill hitn
sejf, has not shown any improvement.
The bullet penetrated the lung arid has
been located, but will not be removed un
til the patient shows some sign of im
provement.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William F.
Graham has been assigned to temporary
duty at the Presidio, awaiting transporta
tion abroad. . .
A sergeant and three privates, with a
hospital steward and two Hospital Corps
men, left the general hospital yesterday
with fifteen Insane soldiers en route to
Washington, where the demented men will
be confined in the Government Hospital
for the Insane. None of the men are
violent, but ea«h of the guards •was pro
vided with a set of mufflers and straps for
protection against any sudden change in
the condition of the men. ,,
National Hospital for the
Insane.
Afflicted Men Will Be Confined in the
DEMENTED SOLDIEUS
SEKTT TO WASHINGTON
l>avis' Successor Chosen.
ST. PAiri-, Jan. 19.— The Republican
memben- of the Legislature at their cau
cus to-day unanimously nominated Gen
eral M. B. Clapp of St. Paul for United
States Senator to succeed Senator Davis.
The address on a letter mailed sev
eral days later at the Red Bud post
office, by an unknown man, who had
been under suspicion, was compared
with that received by Banker Schrie-
V»er. Both were apparently written by
the Fame person. Detectives on the
case followed th* letter, which was de
livered in East St. Louis, but they were
not allowed to see the contents. Mr.
Bohrieber has been advised to Institute
proceedings Is the State courts of Illinois.
Last Monday Sir. Schrleber received
a letter bearing the Red Bud post
mark. He was told that if on a certain
night he did not place $2500, "one-half
In silver and the other half in gold, in
a buggy and drive to a. certain place
where he would find a white lantern
and there deposit the money his home
would be blown up with dynamite.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 19. — Herman Schrie
ber, a wealthy banker of Red Bud, 111 .
has invoked the aid of the St. Louis de
tectives and postal Inspectors in bring
ing- to Justice the person who wrote a
letter threatening to blow up his home
with dynamite unless he delivered to them
(2500.
DEMANDS COIN
OF RICH BANKER
The Board of Trade is still waiting for
an answer to a communication addressed
to the Pacific Mall Steamship Company
in reference to the establishment of direct
steamship connection between San F"ran
cisco and Manila. Henry Payot of Payot
& Uphaxn, who has just returned from
the Orient, having completed his third
tour around the world, brings valuable In
formation about transportation lines and
conditions relating tc the Philippine Isl
ands trade. He has talked with the ac
tive movers in the Board of Trade for a
through line and they are more convinced
than before that the through line is an
urgency. So said several members of the
board yesterday.
Mr. Payot said: "The only direct Amer
ican line running to Manila when I was
there was from New York. The vessels
from New York are carrying immense
careoes. The Japanese are running great
steamers from Yokohama to Manila.
They go full of Japanese goods. The
British India Steamship Company, run
ning to Singapore, Calcutta and Rangoon,
also goes to Manila. From Hongkong
there are two lines to Manila, and the
vessels of both lines go full every trip.
The North German Lloyds, which has
purchased many large steamshipB that
have been flying the British flag, will also
do business at Manila. There Is also a
French line. From Hongkong it is a jour
ney of only two days to Manila. Through
Fteamers to Manila would help to give
San Francisco the great trade that is
almost within its reach.
MANILA'S TRADE
PAYOT'S THEME
The Board of Supervisors, sitting as a
committee of the whole, yesterday after
noon resumed the investigation as to the
value of the property of the Spring Valley
"Water Company for the purpose of fixing
the water rates for the coming fiscal year
and also for tho proposed acquisition of
the water system by the city.
In the 'absence of Mayor Phelan, Super
visor Connor presided, the Super visors
present being Braunhart, Dwyer, Curtis,
Wilson. Jennings, McCarty. Boxton,
D'Ancona and Reed. Commissioners Men
dell, Manson and Maguire of the Board
of Public Works and City Engineer
Grunsky were also present.
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring
Valley Water Company was the only wit
ness examined at the meeting. The wit
ness stated that he had prepared a state
ment, as requested at the previous meet
ing, showing the value of the system of
the company he represented, but that the
statement was not complete. He asked
leave to read it. Supervisor Reed, who
conducted the examination, was opposed
to this, maintaining that the witness
should first answer the question as to the
total value of the water system, and that
any statement the engineer had prepared
should be filed with the board so that the
members might study it. A long argu
ment ensued between Reed and Schussler,
and as the engineer of the water company
could not give a definite answer as to the
value of the plant it was decided that he
be ! requested to finish the itemized state
ment and file it with the board at "the
next meeting.
Supervisor Reed then asked Engineer
Schussler to give a reason why in the city
of New York water was collected at a cost
of $29 per million gallons and sold to the
consumers for 55S, while in the city of San
Francisco the consumers were obliged to
pay $211 per million gallons. Engineer
Schussler entered into an elaborate state
ment, giving the cost of labor and mate
rial and varied climatic conditions as the
reason for the increased, cost of water to
the San Francisco consumer.
Various questions propounded by Super
visor Reed were characterized by En
gineer Schussler as being hpotheticaland
incorrect, and considerable time was spent
without eliciting any information from^the
witness.
Engineer Schussler then stated that the
Spring Valley Ccmpany should be allowed
to enjoy the profits of the increased value
of its property. /
He denied that the company had aban
doned the Point Lobos water system,
which it had acquired some years ago by
purchase. It was not being used at pres
ent but would be used In the near future.
Supervisor Reed then asked the witness
if it would not be a fair proposition for
the Supervisors to fix a water rate which
would pay the water company 5 per cent
on the total amount of money It had In
vested, plus the cost of operating and
taxes. To this question Engineer Schuss
ler answered in the negative.
The witness insisted that the company
should receive a profit from the increased
value of its lands, and that any property
it might use in the future but which It
was not using at present should be figured
on in arriving- at the value of the water
system. He denied that the Point Lobos
Creek water was contaminated by the
cemeteries or that the water taken from
Sunol Creek was not pure. If the city of
San Francisco could secure a water sys
tem sufficient for all purposes for $20,000,
000 he would not accept that figure as the
value of the Spring Valley plant, even if
his company had not Invested that
amount of money. The present daily
average capacity of the Spring Valley
Company was 20,000,000 gallons, and the
witness was requested to present figures
at the next meeting to snow what the
cost would be to increase the supply to
50,000,000 gallons.
When asked if the Spring Valley Com
pany had ever received less than 5 per
cent on Its total Investment Engineer
Schussler said he knew nothing 1 about the
receipts, and referred the Supervisors to
the cashier of the company. Supervisor
Reed and the witness had a long argu
ment as to the manner of fixing the valu
ation of the Spring Valley system, the
Supervisor scoring a point by stating that
the company had purchased its lands at a
low rate for water supply and that the
company could not sell an inch of the
ground for real estate purposes. The Su
preme Court had decided that In the pur
chase of a water system. by a city from a
company the basis of valuation must be
the amount of money actually expended,
and not the value placed upon the land
and plant by the water company.
Supervisor Reed Introduced a resolution
that the Board of Public Works be re
quested to furnish' a definite statement as
to the rates paid for water by banks, sta
bles, etc., under the fluctuating schedule
provided In the water ordinance, and re
port to the board as to whether a definite
rate cbuld not be fixed for this class of
consumers. Under the water ordinance
the water company has the right to
charge from 90 cents to $6. The investiga
tion will be resumed next Monday.
Engineer Schussler Says That Sys
tem Is Worth Far More Than
the Sum Expended
Upon It.
Supervisors Resume Inquiry
as to Spring Valley
Ll 1 n y\ i
TRYING T0 FIX
THE WATER RATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 20, 190i:
In the poorer quarters of London a
shave costs only 2 cents. 1
32
i. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Gineral Agents, 327 Market St
Gen'l Passenger Qtfiw, 643 Market St., Piar No. 7, Pacifi: St
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, - Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia.
..Wednesday, January 23. at 9 p. m.
SS. MAR IPOS A (Honolulu only)
Saturday, February J,' 2 p. m..
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti............
.;.... .-. ....^Friday, February 8. 4 p. m.
AAAHniA CC i*A "AWAII, SAMOA, NEW
oceanic s.s.co. k»«s?
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broad-way
%b^_ - ; -wharf, San Francisco:
Egto)*^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
KS^SSfck J an - 21. 26, 31, Feb. S. Change
mK^VS^ to company's steamers at Se-
ly&jSB8_\jal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
iQH^^^i C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
I Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes,
and New 'Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m. . Jan. 21. 26. 31. Feb.
S, and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Jan IS.
23, 28, Feb. ». and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, i Wednesdays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucosf. Port Harford (San Luts Oblspo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and. Newport-
steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. : steamer
Bonlta. -Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jo«e. del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For .further information obtain company's
folders.
The . company reserves the risht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — » New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •¦¦•¦
. GOODALL, PERKINS tc CO.. Gen. Asts..
10 Market st, San Francisco.
COXPASRIS GESERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jt^m^
Salllns: every Thursday. Instead of 4^Jj^%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "-J^S»3Pt
JMortb River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, 153 and upward. Second class ; to
Havre. $45 and upward.' GENERAL AGEXCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. »
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
M'ontKomery avenue. San Francisco. Ticket*
gold by. all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEJE& STEAMERS.
FOB U.S.1aV? YARD AND YALLEJOr
Stear"<»r ".'•orttfcetlra."
.' MON.. Tues.. "Wed.. • Thars. - and 8*t. at 9-45
o. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p.m. (ex. Tnurt. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m,, g
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala IMS. *~v*.
FA21B.. .Me.
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane*. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
<30 Market at.
ranr $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnC S3 Second Class ood Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails .Jan. 13. 8. Feb. 2
OEO. W. ELDER Sails... Jan. IS. 2S
From SDear-street 'Wharf at 11 a. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IP O rt T I- -A.-STID
THE 0. R. & n. GO.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
¦Westernland ...Feb. 8 Frtesland Feb. 31
Kensington ....Feb. 13 Soutawarlt ....March 9
Noordland Ftb. 20 Westernland.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION' CAMPANT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paciao Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
RED STAR LINE;
Now York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From I»ew York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Vaderland Jan. SO] St. Louis Feb. 20
New York Feb. «| New Tor* F«b- 27
Kensington ....Feb. 131 Vaderland ....March <
AMERICAN LINE.
ITSW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASIS.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
PANAMA R.R.S"
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29, ;
S. S/ROANOKE sails February 19. :
From •wharf,' foot , of Fremont »t.,' at 3 p.~ m.
| Freight and passenger office, 330 Market St.,
"Pacific Steam Navigation Co. and Sud Ameri-
cana , de Vapores. ; To .Valparaiso, stopping at
Mexican, Central i and South American ¦ ports.
From ¦ foot ; of : Fremont i st. Sailing— 6. .8.
"Guatemala." 1 Feb. * 7, 1901;S. S. "Columbia."
March 7, 1901; S. S. "Palena." Feb. 20. : 1901;
S. S. ;"Tucapel,"' March 20, ' 1901. : These steam-
ers are '. built • expressly, for i Central • and South
American passenger : service. - No * change • at
'Acapulco . or Panama^ Freight and .passenger
of flee,"' 316 5 California' »t: * BAXiFOUR, GOTH-
RIE:& CO.;A*er.t».' .
XBBBDSaEnBaEHnaESaHHBBBHBHCSnHHHlBCBlHilBBBBa
.u. , ¦ i .I, „¦„¦ — H
; ; ~ •; "/-. D
' B
rntir *» ¦ ¦¦!¦ HmiwiniWBm— o
•a; '¦¦ • ri'^l "" B
H
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST., |
* B
Is meeting with PHENOMENAL SUCCESS for the simole reason that g
the goods that have been almost GIVEN AWAY were fully appreciated -Hi
by a discrinnnatins: public , fg
THE SALE IS NOW IN FULL SWING 1 1
THIS WEEK WE OFFER : |
$iS.oo ALL WOOL SUITS at... ..$5.95 £
The jacket is lined with Rood quality fancy Taffeta Silk, the skirt with 0
mercerized sateen. - ~ ~: . . H
$12 50 BLACK BROADCLOTH SUITS at ..$6.05 B
$750 BLACK ETON SUITS at .....93.O5 ¦
EXTRA SPECIAL IN SUITS FOR MONDAVI I
50 FINE TAILOR-MADE SUITS in a variety of styles and colorings .-g
that were S25.00. S20.00. SiS.ou, at $J).J>5 E
$10.00 TAN WHIPCORD JACKETS, silk lined, at. .#4.95 S
$15.00 HEAVY BLACK CHEVIOT JACKETS, high collar, lanje S
roeres. fine Taffeta Silk lined, at $G.S>5 ' ¦
$5.00 COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, Velvet Collar, at.......... $-.45 H
$4.00 BLUE KERSEY JACKETS at .......$1.75 ¦
Lots of SKIRTS, lined throughout with good Percaline, $2.00. $2. j^o, . E
$^.00 quality, at .7r»«; S
$2.50 BLACK HOMESPUN at ;.'.' .95c-2
$ 5 .co ALL-WOOL GOLF SKIRTS, at .....$_.9r» a
.¦'..¦•..¦ ';•- m
¦ • * - ' ' ' ' ' : B
STEAMERS .WlXi. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
Ber First and Brannan streets, at X p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki / and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No careo received on board on day
of naillns.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.......
- \.\:::.;: ....Thursday, January 24. 1M-
SS '¦NIPPON MARtJ.....---- •
V. .uT/T.V. .\?~?. . .Tuesday, February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU..."..-
..Friday. March 15. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company*g office.
421 1 Market" street, corner First. ¦ :
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Hale's.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAIT TRAVEL.
¦•- ~'' WIllLC MIC. l-/r%^ff^^
f* \ v Continuation of the most successful sale of muslin under- \(M\f \ " \
) <: iZ^: wear in the history of Hale's— the biggest selling on record tW * 1
S This week new lots of crisp, beautiful, Immaculate garments— so fresh »
from the work rooms that you can almost hear the click of the shears and
stitch of the needles— brighten the spots made dull by last week's great selling, and the economies will be as pronounced
and plentiful as the most thrifty could desire.
25c each for fine cambric corset covers— made with round yoke ° $1.25 each for fine cambric skirt ch«niser-made with .round
and trimmed at neck and armholes with cambric ruffle and lace— a £ yoke, which is trimmed with deep lawn ruffle and lace insertion— fin-
French reproduction. Value 35c each. > ? ished at bottom with deep lawn flounce. The neck and armholes are
'48c each- for fine cambric corset covers— the body is composed ° trimmed with lace and baby ribbon. Very beautiful,
of four rows of lace insertion and the neck and armholes are trimmed * 88c each for eood cambric skirts— made with fourteen inch lawn
with . lace. New French style. ? ruffle and eieht rows of hemstitched tucks broken in the middle with
45c each for soft, finish muslin chemise— made with deep yoke of . ° lace insertion. Unmatchable. ;
embroidery and trimmed at nsck and armholes with fine plaited ruffle. £ $1.50 each for handsome walking skirts of fine, soft muslin— two
Verv dainty. 4 different styles. One has deep lace flounce with bias rows of lace
22c for good muslin drawers— finished with deep hem and stitched ° insertion above— the other is made with twelve inch embroidery ruffle,
cambric flounce. Splendid value. . o Strong value. _,_
39c a pair for umbrella sryle drawers — made of good, soft muslin, + : . 35c each for eood muslin chemise^ — made with round voke of lace
with deep flounce wbich is finished with four rows of hemstitched tucks. ° '-•¦' and insertion and lace trimmed neck and armholes. Unmistakably
A very exceptional value. o underpriced.
50c a pair for umbrella style drawers— made of fine, soft muslin, 4 45e each for srood mushn nightgowns— made with V neck and
with deep hemstitched cambric flounce which is trimmed at bottom o square yoke of hemstitched tucks — collar and cuffs trimmed with
with rich embroidery.. Worth 75c a pair. £ hemstitched ruffle. Exceptional value.
13c each for muslin corset covers— two styles. .One has V-shaped } 8Sc each for fine muslin nightgowns— made with high, low. V or
neck which is trimmed with embroidery — the other . is trimmed with ° . square necks. Some are richly trimmed with lace — others with em-
lsce. You'd never jruess their goodness from the price. broidery .and ribbon. The best gowns for the money we ever offered.
cloaks and suits ? op rftn /l W Pp1r ftf flip pmhrnidprv SalP » silks and dress goods
Certain lots pf ladies' wrap- ? bwtUlIU WCClV UM11C CUIUlUlUOlj SdlO ? The economy of large buy-
pers, waists, skirts, jackets and ? ' ,,,,.* /¦, , . _, 1. • ? ing and large selh'ner is the se-
children's dresses have been £ The second and better half of that famous fifteen thousand yard purchase o f . -.. . . _ n _ r ...
most tellingly reduced in an ef- ? has been tumbled upon the sales tables for you to pick over and buy from ? * ine 1UUC P™es anacnea
fort to make the waning sea- ° t hi s wee k. Sometimes a third can be saved, sometimes more, but the aver- f *°^ t | lese new and beautitul
son clean up the fragments it i age ; s - & q u arteT . We could easily sell these embroideries at full regular ° fabrics, other cheapening
has made. The story's brief— ? Jces but .^ the theory a nd practice of the Hale store to share its savings o process is ever countenanced
iSn't tkim Ihe'miighdy "*" J with those who gave it success-the people-and that bars us from asking ? by this store.
Ladies' German flannelette ? all they would bring. . ? French chudda cloths in
wrappers in designs that are as Hamburg and cambric embroideries— Hamburg and cambric embroideries— ? polka dots and small figured
oriental as one of Kipling s o c dgings and insertions— scores of differ- edgings and insertions— I to f, inches ? designs— a new century crea-
stories— four different color- ? en ° patterns in both sheer and heavy ef- wide— all new and very handsome oat- o tl ?" for waists— 27 inches
ings. Made with full front, + f ec ts— I to 2 inches wide— thousands of terns— 3800 yards in the lot— all to go. ? wide— our price, per yard. Toe
princess back, deep flounce o ds in the i ot _ c hoice. per yard..6^c regardless of value, at, per yard.l2i/c ° Gra _ ;te su ; t5njr , :_ t ul i9f ' t
around bottom and trimmed ? * c" :„ nainsook and cambric em- o granite suitings, m the latent
with fancy braid. Were $.roo ? hroSerieSdrines and Nainsook and cambric embroideries ? spring colonnjrs— 48 inches
each-now ..•...,$2.45 o patteSnclud- -edgings and insertions-half a hun- ? wxde-our price, per yard.S5c
Ladies' flannel waists in ? • bowknots. scrolls, leaves and dots— &td Aaerent patterns— all new and o Satin finish Venetian cloth*
black, red. blue and dark ? * 6 inches w i de _choice. oer vard beautiful— ij4 to 3 inches wide— a really * in the newest shades of reseda.
green— now. each 9oc o 17c remarkable lot— choice, per yd..S l-3c rose, mode, etc— our price
KnV^siz^ ° ¦'Swis S ;" C ambric"and . nainsook, em- Swi nainsook and cambric cm . ° per yard $1.50
ion' ° style f bnV -?he materials o - fdginw, insertions and hroider ( cs _^ dg - mgs and insert ; ons _ 2 Black taffeta silks-27 inches
Vood [and delirTbl f the ? beadmgs m ¦ the daintiest ;»a»nable neat and dai a C signs-aIso showy ? wide— a very special value at.
them.can.be altered -into- the o Un^^r tuddn g s-i8 to 22 inches wide-choice, per swrd; 35c o S ilk finished English mo-
prevailing fashion at small ex- o w j de _ se vcral different styles to chooso All over embroideries — 18 to 22 inches ° reens in black and white^ — also
pense— former value up *o + j rom evtry yar( j cr isp and fresh — wide— many different patterns— all im- * staple and fancy colors — for
$15.00 each— now... .......... o an o flf er i ng t hat simply upsets all past ported foi this season's business;— it will ? skirts and linings— worth 63c
. . .Jpo.OO, if^.tiO and JpX.OU ? standards of value — while they last, oer be extravagant to disregard this offer- <> a yard— our price 5Oc
Children's plaid dresses— + varr i ..25c ing— per yard. 75c ? c ... - . . , . n A '.-.'-
made with full gathered skirt, o yad •" ' . . . . . ' . t . ? Sllk finished tafTeta skirt
ruffle over shoulders and trim- ? All over tuckings— 18 to 22 inches wide— fresh, crisp, dainty and tempting ? linings in black and colors—
med with braid apes 4 to 14 * ' —the maker let down the once that we might make this sale as interestine as « 36 inche3 wide — worth isc a
years— now, each... y .. $1 .OO o possible— per yard • 3Oc o yard— our price 10c
now the linen store joins hands with the other departments that offer nninnal economies- to housekeepers this month.
Vast preparations have been made for our first January linen sale in the new store.^ With doubled selling space and quadrupled stocks we
offer linens spun, woven and finished by makers who are acknowledged to be the best in the world, together with chance lots secured at rare con-
cessions at prices far more likely to yield us business than, immediate profit But we re to build m this sale, as we have always builded. for the orofit
that pay's in the long run— the trade that comes back again and aeam.
, , . ¦ . ' , , vOu Bleached table damask — all pure linen — 70 inches wide-
Cream table damask— 70 inches wide— worth 45c a vard— worth 65c a yard— white goods sale price 49c
white eoods sale price \ «5«jc Hvut- „ , c .. /--...,... ,
..' XXJL -'¦' Heavy and fine satin finished bleached damask — every
Heavy bleached satin | damask— 72 inches wide — extra #2n thread linen— very beautiful designs— worth $1.2.; a vard—
fine and in beautiful designs — never before less than Si .00 7) white goods sale price $1.00
per yard— white eoods sale price.... ...T8c il Jt^lHf&&^n\ size naokins to m a t( :h, per dozen $3.5O
Very fine bleached damask— 72 inches wide— new and H Very fine and heavy bleached damask— two yards wide
really elegant desig'ns— a better value than you or we have ;|>j|^-^^!j§S^^ — P ew an( * strikingly beautiful designs — specially priced for
known ' in many a season— white goods sale price. ¦ oer t^ 1 * s w^* te sa ' e at « P er yard §>1«*»**
yard $1.25 .¥^^^^^ | Vx size napkins to match, per dozen $4.23
'^size napkins to match, per dozen ....$4.50 Q Tl ¥tiptnd huck towels-size 18x36 inches-worth «c each
Very fine Irish and Scotch bleached satin damask — two V \ \\ — white eoods sale price lie
yards wide-handsome enough for the table of royalty it- fe^H^LW Roller crash toweling— 12 inches wide— extra heavy-a
self— white goods sale price, per yard .>-.lMl 7> *^ap- : -Ct» - a good absorbent— worth izj^c each— white goods sale
54 size naokins to match, per dozen. ,.$6.OO price lOc
.¦^.Jii?^ 1 }^ 1 JLJ^ urn^IL ¦¦¦¦ I
" Beds of Beauty " are our new designs in Metal E
Beds. The shapes, colors and combinations makes |
< metal beds more desirable than ever. This one in "moss" I
green bronze and polished brass is a "bed of beauty." Price, $43.00. g
Many shapes and combinations for much more, and, as little as $2.75 g
A Good Chance |
for the worn carpet in parlor or dining room to be i
moved up stairs while it can still do good service |
in a less conspicuous place. You can get a new |
one to replace it for less than you ever thought of 1
I At Our Stock-Taking Carpet Sale 1
3 patterns of Savonnerie Axminster, regular $1.75, S I .40 ||
3 patterns of Hartford Axminster, regularly $1.50, $ | .20 i
3 patterns of Smith's Axminster, regularly $1.35, $ | . | 5 |
3 patterns of Wilton Velvet, regular price $1.25, $ I . I O §
4 patterns of Lowell Body Brussels, regular $1.50, $ | . | 0 I
8 patterns of Smith's best Tapestry, regular $1.00, 75 c - ' i
3 patterns of 8 Wire Tapestry, regularly 85 C. 65 ' c - I
2 patterns of Ingrain, regularly 85 C. 65 C. w
3 patterns of Ingrain, regularly 75 C. 55 C. Ej
Prices Include Sewing, Lining and Laying |
Free delivery Oakland Alameda Berkeley Ed
EBR3 M. fRIEBiAN & CO. & 1
(Incorporated ' J5