PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Route of the Procession Extended and
Al! Draperies Displayed by Citizens
Will Be Purple.
ALL LONDON TO VIEW
THE FUNERAL PAGEANT
GOVERNOR STANLEY OF KAN
SAS, WHO "WAS WORRIED BY
MRS. NATION. *
Kans., Jan. 2S.— Mrs. ; Car-
I rie Nation to-day invaded the of-
II " flee of "Governor Stanley In his
chambers In the Capitol building
and for a solid hour arraigned the
chief executive of the State for his failure
to close the saloons of Kansas. Then in
turn she visited the offices of Attorney
General Goddard, County Attorney Nich
ols and Sheriff Porter and demanded of
each that they close the saloons. •
."When, Mrs. . Nation entered Governor
Stanley's office she was followed by a
crowd of newspaper reporters and others.
By turns she administered to Governor
Stanley a tongue-lashing for his -failure
to uphold. the laws against liquor. selling
or begged him for aid to carry on her
crusade. She put " her questions with
| fierceness and answered them herself
without giving the Governor time- to utter
a complete sentence in his own defense.
Mrs. Nation accused Governor Stanley
of branding her a law-breaker and de
manded to know if he had a better method
than she of ridding the State of saloons.
. "Do you think my method is right?" she
asked.
"No, I don't," replied the Governor.
"Well, Governor, have you a better
one?"
As the Governor turned In his chair to
make answer every one listened intently.
"No, I don't think I have," he finally re
plied.
Continuing, he managed to edge in a
few words more. "What can I do? I am
powerless. The law does not allow me to
do what I desire. The law gives me no
privileges. What can I do?"
V'lf necessary call out the militia," was
Mrs. Nation's prompt reply.
Then this crusader began'a philippic that
caused Governor Stanley's anger to rise
and the crowd grouped about his desk to
look on in wonder.
"You can close every joint in Kansas if
you will. Governor Stanley," she said with
force. "You can do it if you want to, but
you won't. But you are a law-breaker
yourself If you don't. You took your oath
of office to keep the law."
As Mrs. Nation proceeded she became
more vehement and her voice quivered.
She rose from her chair and looked full
in the face of Governor Stanley, and
pointing her linger at him called him
"law breaker" and "perjurer" without the
least show of fear. She repeated these
words of accusation again and again. He
tried to make reply, but she gave him no
chance, | the words of Invective pouring
frpm: her with a. rush . that would not be
stemmed. - ; - •• •
Finally, his temper gone, Governor
Stanley, arose from his seat and shouted
back: '/..'¦
"You cannot come here and talk that
way to me. You cannot talk , to me this
way, I -say. You are a woman; but I
<$von't stand it. You will have to leave if
you cannot."
- "I am a mother. I am a grandmother.
And I represent the mothers of the State."
"You don't, you don't represent them,"
almost shouted the Governor.
The words flew back and forth with such
fierceness that it was impossible to dis
tinguish them. The room was in an up
roar.
Then Mrs. Nation talked more calmly,
pleading with the Governor to aid her.
"You come with me and help smash sa
loons," she urged. And then she added:
"If you won't help us, if you won't help
me, I'll go around and I'll smash, smash,
smash, Governor. The devil seems to
have a cinch on the men, but he hasn't a
cinch on the hatchets and rocks."
Finally Governor Stanley volunteered:
"You get the Prosecuting "Attorneys of
the : different counties ¦ to put the joint
keepers In Jail, and I'll use my power as
Governor to keep them In. I'll see that
they are not pardoned out." ; ;
This promise Instantly transformed Mrs.
Nation. She fairly beamed with Joy, and
thanking the Governor started for the of-
Demands That the Governor Call Out
the Militia and Invites Him to Join
in Smashing Saloons.
MRS. NATION ARRAIGNS
OFFICIALS OF KANSAS
"LOTTA" SERIOUSLY
ILL IN NEW YORS
Retired Actress Who Made Her Debut
in California Suffering From
Gastritis.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— Charlotte Crab
tree, the retired actress, better known as
Lotta, is ill of acute gastritis at her apart
ment* In the Hotel Navarre. She became
suddenly ill Sunday night while dining
out. Dr. Gibbs. the hotel physician, at
tending Miss Crabtree, said to-night that
her illness is not yet serious, but requires
close watching.
Lotta was born in this city In 1S47. Her
first stage experience was at Petaluma.
Cal., when she was six years old. Ten
years later she made her debut in this
city at Nlblo's Garden. She retired sev
eral years ago with a fortune, supposed
to be about $1,000,000. much of which U
Invested in New York City real estate.
DAILY ENCOUNTERS
WITH REBEL BANDS
Hundreds of People Have Reen Killed
and Many Prisoners
Taken.
COLON. Colombia, Jan. 23.— The insur
gents have encounters with the Govern
ment troops almost daily near the line of
the canal. It Is estimated that there have
been 300 casualties. Several prisoner*
have been taken on both aides. The peo
ple are anxious, but the presence of the
American warships Philadelphia and
Bancroft have so far prevented a catas
trophe. _ V
Muellers Sentenced.
BERLJX. Jan. 28.— The trial at Goerlltz
of Mueller, and his son, bankrupt banker*.
has resulted In the wntence of both to
ten years' Imprisonment in a penitentiary.
"As the demand now stands." says tha
Gazette, "there may b6 a difference of
opinion as to whether or not Tuns Fuh
Tslang is included. As for Prince Tuan.
the chief of sinners, his name has not
even been mentioned. It is known that
the Chinese peace commissioners havo
definite Imperial instructions not to con-
Sent to a severer punishment of princea
of tha royal blood than imprisonment."
The Gazette, discussing the peace terras,
criticizes them for tixir omissions only,
pointing out that the officials who are to
be punished should have been designated
by name and the nature of the punish
ment specified.
Princes of Royal Blood May Escapa
With Imprisonment.
SEATTLE. Jan. 23.— The Universal
Gagette of Peking Is authority for
the statement that the Chinese peaca
commissioners have received defin
ite Imperial instructions not. to consent
to any punishment heavier than imprison
ment for princes of the royal blood. ThU
news reached Seattle late last night on
the United States tran^uort Arab.
TO ESCAPE DECAPITATION.
A Shanghai special says: A dispatch to
the North China Dallv News of this city
from Peking says that Li Hung Chang is
sijffering from fever and is delirious, hi.-*
life being despaired of.
"Strong evidence exists," lays the
Shanghai correspondent of the Morning
Post, "that negotiations are on foot be
tween China and Russia with regard to
the cession of three eastern provinces."
"As Tseng Chi rejected these conditions
LJ Hung! Chan's or dwed Cfco Hat Pau . tha
new Tartar general at Hallungkar.?. to
undertake the negotiations."
LONDON, Jan- 29.— The Dally News pub
lishes the following from its Shanghai
correspondent: "Sheng. the taotal. has
received a telegram from Li Hung Chans
saying that the Russian representatives
in Manchuria piesented to Tseng Chi, tha
Tartar general at Shenking. nine peaca
conditions, restoring Manchuria to China
but giving Russia absolute control of tha
province, she undertaking in case of war
to support China.
Russia's Scheme to Gain Absoluts
Control of Manchuria.
NINE PEACE CONDITIONS.
The Germans to-day began building bar
racks for the legation guards. Reports
from the province of Honan say the na
tive Christiana there are not molested,
but that they are boycotted and are suf
fering much distress in consequence.
LI .Hung Chang and Prince Chlngr have,
on their request, had Sheng and Chou Fu
appointed to assist in the negotiations.
Chou Fu is the newly appointed treasurer
of Chill and was formerly Chinese Min
ister to Korea.
PEKING, Jan. 23.— A meeting of the for
eign envoys was held this morning, at
tended only by those whose fellow-coun
trymen have been killed in the Interior
provinces, the object being to decide what
punishment should be inflicted upon miner
officials. A report will be made to a gen
eral meeting of the Ministers, to be held
probably after the" funeral of Queen Vic
toria. The Ministers refuse to state the
decisions arrived at, but It is believed few
will be beheaded, and certainly not tha
highest officials.
Meanwhile Russia Is Play
ingaGametoSecure'Con-
trol ol Manchuria.
Envoys Are Deciding
Upon Modes of
Punisliment,
FEW BOXER
CHIEFS ARE TO
BE BEHEADED
"Under the sway of this monarchy there
have been ; forty coercion acts /depriving
Ireland of her. constitutional rights.
/{"What; has! converted .Canada from • a
land of rebellion toa happy ¦colony* would
transform- Ireland: to-morrow -from' a' dis
affected to a contented' landi" .':* \ •
"It Is because the>eign which is just
closed has been for • Ireland ' : and all the
Irish race more disastrous than any reign
In three hundred years. During this reign
a million" and a half of our : people have
perished by famine; five millions have
emigrated to other lands. „
"Ask your English rulers why. It is not
because the. Irish 7 race is hard of heart
and cold of nature; it Is not because of
any want of renpect.for.the personal vir
tues of the lady from whose weary, hand
the scepter of power is snatched by death.
"All the world assembled In London, not
in triumph, but in sorrow, around the bier
of her who to English people at least will
live in history^ as, a .great constitutional
sovereign. But Ireland was absent/ Ire
land o"f all her empire stood apart, sullen
and dissatisfied.
DUBLIN, Jan. 28.— John Redmond, lead
er of the United Irish party, speaking at
Wexford said:' •
Emerald Isle.
Redmond Tells of the Woes of tha
• WHY IRELAND IS ABSENT.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2S.— The Municipal
Council to-night refused to pass a resolu
tion cf sympathy with the people of the
British empire on the death of Queen Vic
toria. The motion to suspend the rules
lacked five of the necessary two-thirds.
Chicago Council's Action.
Miss Hall Bald she <Sid not believe the
eandbarclng had anything to do with
I Tall '8 death.
UNIQUE VERDICT OF
A CORONER'S JURY
Agrees Murray Hall Died of Natural
Causes and "He Was a Lady."
ICKW YORK. Jan. 28.— "Murray Hall
came to her death by natural causes. He
was a lady."
This was the verdict returned by a Cor
oner's Jury to-fiay in the inquest Into the
death of Murray Hall, a woman who for
thirty-five years passed as a man, was
prominent In. politics and a member of the
general committee of Tammany Hall. The
case. Coroner Zucca said, was not proper
ly one for Mm to have had. the question
of sex and . rumor of foul play having
caused him to take It up.
In his speech to the Jury, as well as
throughout the entire proceedings, the
Coroner continually mixed his genders In
referring ,to deceased, cften using neuter
as a means of escape.
Miss Minnie Hall, an adopted daughter,
testified that she had lived with Hall flf.
teen years and never suspected he was a
lady.
A note in Hall's handwriting was pro
duced in wjiich he complained that he had
been sandbagged and almost disabled for
[lie "by that wicked villain, William
Reno."
LONDON, Jan. 28.— The ceremony of
proclaiming King Edward VII as
King of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland and
Emperor of India continues In all
centers of the kingdom. The impressive
function took place in the royal borough
of Windsor at noon. Thousands witnessed,
the historic proceedings. The Mayor read
the proclamation from the ba»e of the
Queen's statue on Castle Hill, and the
recorder read it at Henry VII's gate. Fan
fares of trumpets and cheers for his Ma
jesty, in which the Eton boys took' a
prominent part, closed the ceremony.
According to the present arrangements
the United States is the only country
which will not be specially represented at
the funeral of Queen Victoria, The United
States Embassy has received no instruc
tions so far, and it is supposed that only
the United States Embassador, Joseph H.
Choate. and his staff .will be present.^
Practically all business will be suspend
ed Saturday. The stores will not open ex
cept in the poorer Quarter.-
In order to give Londoners a full oppor
tunity to witness the funeral procession
it has been decided to extend the. route,
which is now fixed to pass : Buckingham
Palace, through St. James Park and past
St. James Palace to Piccadilly, then along
Piccadilly to Hyde Park corner, through
Hyue Park, emerging at the 'marble arch,
then along Edgeware road to Paddington
station. This is double the length -_of the
route originally intended, and will con
sume fully two hours. For similar rea
sons the route at Windsor has ' been ex
tended to Include High street, Park street
and Long Walk before entering the 'castle.
It was officially announced late this,
evening that King Edward had ordered
Saturday to be observed as a day of gen
eral mourning. All the banks will be
closed and business suspended. The ar
rangements for the funeral have been only
partially determined. Almost everything
thus far is provisional and subject to the
approval of the King, who will come to
London to-morrow "to look over what has
been proposed and give his decision.
By order of the King the oftlcer^f works
desires that all draperies displayed by
citizens shall be purple.
The procession from the St. George's
Chapel Royal, at Windsor, to Frogmofe
has been abandoned, and the coffin will
remain in the chapel until the day of in
terment,, which will probably be Monday.
Emperor William has commanded Count
von Wagcl, master of horse, to bring six
of his Majesty's chargers from Berlin, and
the Kaiser, the Crown Prince -and other
Germans, in official attendance at the
funeral will ride in the procession. The
gun carriages to be used at Cowes and
Windsor and in London ¦ will be painted
the color of khaki and fitted with rubber
tires.
A supplement of the Gazette this after
noon announces that it is not desired that
the public wear deep mourning after
March 6. but that half mourning should
be worn until April 17.
There, has been a strong outcry from
manufacturers and merchants at a" pro
longed period of ' mourning.- The dealers
regarded the first edict with dismay, and
great injury to the colored goods trade, in
many cases actual ruin, was predicted.
Following the precedent of 176S. when the
city merchants petitioned * Georgre III to
curtail the period of mourning, trade'cir
cles in the United Kingdom had already
started a petition to King* Edward VII
An order issued by Admiral Sir Charles
Frederick Hothani shows that tnlrty-elght
British vessels will take part In the naval
display. i '•">'¦<.:
¦ The funeral procession will leave Os
borne House Friday at 2 p. m. From the
house" to 'the. pier will be lined with
troops, and the royal personages will fol
low the coffin on foot. «
• The grand court marshal of Prussia,
Count von Eutenberg, Is on his way here
to Join the suite of Emperor William. The
latter accompanied the Crown Prince on
a" long ramDle through the Osborne House
grounds to-day. Hls'MaJesty later board
ed'; the" Hohenzollern •' to transact urgent
state business. '<¦?¦.'>.¦'¦*¦
" While the Crown Prince knelt before the
King to receive the insignia his Majesty
addressed a few cordial words to the
Prince, and then, • turning to Emperor
William, in touching. terms he thanked
him for his visit at this , time of sorrow
and bereavement and dwelt on the per
sonal and other ties uniting Germany and
Great Britain. . •
It Is said that Emperor William will be
stow the . Order of the Red Eagle on
Prince Arthur' of Connaught (the son of
the Duke of Connaught).
begging him to limit the period of national
mourning. On . previous occasions the
King, as Prince of Wales, used his influ
ence In this direction, and now, as King,
he has asserted his well-known opposition
to the observance of long periods of of
ficial mourning.
INVESTED WITH THE GARTER.
Crown . Prince" of Germany Is Deco
rated by King Edward.
COWES. Isle *of Wight. Jan. 28.— The
Crown Prince of Germany, Frederick Wil
liam, was invested with the-Order of the
Garter to-day by King Edward VII. The
Investiture occurred in the council cham
ber of Osborne House and was a brilliant
function. The high officers "of the house
hold, military and civil functionaries and
the Emperor's entourage, including a par
ty from the imperiar yacht Hohenzollern,
were present, all in full uniform.
CROWN PRINCE FREDERICK WILLIAM OF GERMANY, WHO "WAS IN
VESTED WITH THE ORDER OF THE GARTER BY KING EDWARD
N VII AT CO WES. ...... " .... - ..-- . .. - - . '
.LONDON, Jan. 28.— There is riot the
slightest foundation, . the . Associated Press
Is officially informed,^ for ' the statement
that 'iiord Salisbury* will resign. Z Further,
It is "officially set' forth that -the Premier's
absence from. Osborrie at the time, of the
death 'of Queen .Victoria* was due to, the
urgent -request of .; King, Edward, ,, who
feared Lord Salisbury's health .might be
impaired : by: the trying ' journey, . as -sea
trips {go 'particularly hard with Uhe Pre
mier. 'v '-Besldeis^H: "was bitterly- ; cold ; at
Cbwes. ' ; TheV most <" cordial | relations i pre-f
yaift between '-.King , Edward ' and A Lord
Salisbury/'. "^ *'_¦¦'' ; .' ' ¦
and the King.
Cordial Relations Between Salisbury
PREMIER WILL NOT RESIGN.
It has been decided that the -funeral
services here in memory of: the Queen
shall take place in St. John's Episcopal
Church, February 2. coincident with* the
services in England. "; -J_ ..f-, -."•<
Secretary Hay has charged Embassador
Choate ;to represent the Government of
the United. States and the President at
the , services at Windsor. For lack of
time a special. Embassador will not be
sent. i ;
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28.— It has been
decided that'Mr..Ctioate should have new
credentials. His old credentials accredited
him to the , Queen. He will • now be ac
credited as United States' Embassador at
.the court of EdwarJ VII. Lord Paunoe
fote, it Is expected, will receive new cre
dentials as Embassador to the United
States,, his present commission being
signed by the Queen.
Charged, to B-epresent "America at the
Queen's Funeral.
The movement was bo quick that it
seemed incredible It had taken place, but
both knew It had gone home.
NTbW CREDENTIALS FOR CHOATE
Then, tiger swift, the whole body of the
Italian was flung forward in a movement
that seemed to bring him into a straight
line, sloping upward from the tip of his
left shoe to the point of his cruel bluish
sword, which was buried or flashed under
Damotte's right armpit.
"Huh," said he.
Always impetuous "La Farla Slclllana"
Malata attacked at once. The clangor of
the battle became so rapid as to become
almost continuous.
Damotte's sword, however, had again
been damaged and had to be exchanged.
This was the second round.
The fight had ¦ begun. Courage . was
equal and skill was equal.' :If Damotte
gave •way, a;*I.ittle .. J a*nd ;-rost"' ; fgrour>a
slightly it was only because nothing short
of a vital thrust could not be given, for
the point of -that glittering yard of, steel
circled around, deadly, ; menacing, always
seeking an opening and never finding one,
but ever preventing Damotte from profit
ing from the dangerdusly deceptive ¦- ex
posure of his adversary. Time and again
a clear ping of the point on the swonl
guard or the rapid beating of blada
against blade rang out, or the almost bar
baric "huh huh" of the flery young Sici
lian told that he had lunged.
"Halt" It was the first round. Da
motte's sword point had been blunted by
the shock against the guard of his oppo
nent's weapon. It was soon changed, the
combatants meantime standing approxi
mately where they were when the halt
was called, protected with great coats
.from the deluge that continued to fall.
Swords were again put into position and
the second reprise began.
Then suddenly every muscle seemed to
spring to life. With the right foot ad
vanced, the left hand flung upward In
counterpoise, the whole body balanced ele
gantly and the blade licking in and out,
the young man— no, both men— presented
a picture glorious In its very savagery.
To Damotte, as the offended, party, had
been accorded the right of imposing con
ditions, which were accepted.^ So the duel
was- to be fought In the open; air, the an
tagonists were to use swords!' to which
they were accustomed,', "corps- a corps"
was forbidden, the ground gained was to
be retained and each adversary was to
wear an unstarched shirt and gloves fin
ishing at the wrist.
At 3:30 o'clock M. Ayat, who .had been
chosen direcfeur de combat. . pronounced
the words "allez, messieurs^"
Damotte at once assumed his position,
but to the surprise of the onlookers the
young Italian, -holding his ; sword still
stretched at 'arm's length^ -gracefujly,
courteously and superbly brought It
around In a semi-circular, sweeping salu
tation to the crowd, a salute that was In
stinct with splendid gallantry, with the
"panache" of the chivalrous epoch.
PARIS, Jan. 28.— In the presence of a
hundred and odd onlookers and standing
drenched and chilled to the .'bone by a
ceaseless downpour of" rain > that turned
the triangular space behind the tribunes
at the Pare des Princes Velodrome into
an ankle-deep mud bath, a_ duel" between
Fencing^ Masters Damotte and Athos de
San Malata took place this afternoon.
Special Dlsratch to The Call
Alter; a Great Display of
Skill the Italian
Frenchman's Armpit
Rival Fencing; Mas
ters Met in Furi
ous Combat.
FIERCE DUEL
IS FOUGHT BY
TWO EXPERTS
"Take the car right back and breathe
rot a single word to any one, as we will
make it so much worse for you. We are
¦waiting to see. Heed this. We want
money and will spare you.
"BLACK CAPS."
being dismembered of some of your eyes
cr ears, etc., in fact be tortured for re
fusing our request, you will meet our ds
rr.ands and not be bothered any more and
r.one will find cut as we don't give away
secrets. Do not trifle with this request
or you will be sorry for not giving us
money. We can easily get you and wi.l
do v.-orse than kidnap you. We are watch
ing you and we will not spare you if you
refuse to give us the money. We will not
pay a word about it but will leave you in
peace In the future. Make no howl about
this or there will be sorrow in your Cher
ry-street home by Sunday or some day
next week. Pay us $2000 in paper money
and $500 in gold. Wrap it up in as small
a package as possible and carry out this
plan.: Take the Madison c»r to Eighteenth
{-¦*r«x?t. get off at Eighteenth and between
Kighteer.th and Nineteenth we have put
a can. an old rusty one with the top
jitrshed in and a brick on top. Place the
ir.oney in it and push it back into the
brush eo no one will see it and we can
got it- There is a little path not far from
the sidewalk in the middle of Eighteenth
and Nineteenth to your left. Do this be
tween 5 and 6 o'clock to-morrow night
(Saturday night) and we will watch to see
you put it there.
"Mr. Lippy: We understand and know
that you are a wealthy man. and it is our
business to Inform you that we are se
to have you give us a bounty in the shape
of gSTfej by Saturday night. January !hi.
1?OL Should you scorn our request and
pet after us you will only make it worse
fcr yourself. We llule value a rich man's
life who refuses to meet our demands. If
you wish to live a whole person without
While it was realized that the whole af
fair might be nothing but the notion of a
crar.k, the police took no chances. De
tective? were detailed to follow Mr. Lippy
at all times and keep a guard over his
hoiiFc. Other detectives were sent to the
appointed place with instructions to ar
rept ar.y suspicious characters. Xo one
appeared, but as Mr. Lfppy did not keep
his appointment the police are still in
dcubt as to whether any blackmailers
v.ere in the vicinity.
The letter received by the millionaire 1«
as follows:
The writer signed the name "Black
Caps." The paper used was of fine qual
ity, with the heading torn off. The writ
:r.g was good and the construction gram
matical.
Every feature of the case resembles the
celebrated kidnaping of young Cudahy,
except that Llpr>* was the direct object
of the plotters. He was threatened with
torture and the loss of his eyes and ears
if he U'.d not deliver over the money in a
lonely spot last Saturday night. The let
ter was received Friday, the 23th inst.,
and almost immediately placed In the
hands of Acting Chief cf Police Meredith.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2S.— T. S. Lippy, the
Klondike millionaire who lives In a pala
tial residence in this city, has been close
ly guarded by detectives for four days.
The reason for this extraordinary caution
en the part cf the police is that a bold
attempt has been made to extort £503
from the gold king. Great efforts have
been made to keep the matter out of print
Si*cl«l Disr-aieh to The Call
T. S. Lippy Given t&e Choice
oi Paying $B500 or Los
ing Byes and Ears.
An Attempt to Ex
tort Money From
a Klondiker. .
MILLIONAIRE
IS THREATENED
WITH TORTURE
The two girls ; have .managed to excite
each "other's animosity to a degree which
seems i to -Justify their clashing In some
secluded •fdell.'- 5 - • . ' V'-V'. ,
' Kvery afternoon for the last three weeks
- Miss , Schrader ' expresses the opinion
that • Miss Mower has ; not . altered much
since 1 her 'amateur days,' and recalls that
In ;thoise ; days'Miss Mower did most of
her fencing conversationally.
ST. PAUL', Minn., Jan. 23.— Louise
Schrader. . smarting under the taunts of
Alicia Mower, her. former Chicago rival,
has challenged the latter to mortal com
bat. Bare tipped foils are named as the
weapons, and there is every prospect of
an exciting affair when Miss Schrader and
Miss Mower come together. FriSids of
Louise assert that Alicia needs a pinking
which; Louise Is entirely capable of ad
ministering. .. , • V.C-".
Miss Schrader is a Minneapolis girl, who
gives instructions in fencing, corrective
gymnastics, etc. She is a pupil of Otto
Mauthe, whose habit It was during : his
residence here . to resent all pretensions
to superiority, on "the part of professional
hi»l'.polloi. ; Miss Schrader imbibed with
her' Instruction from ; Professor Mauthe
something of the latter's asscrtiveness.
She ; finds no merit in the pretensions of
the Chicago, girl,, with whom she was
formerly a \ pupil In one of the '; Chicago
schools. The Chicago, woman Insists, she
was always able to beat Miss Schrader
at :the fencing game, and expresses con
fldencejn her ability, to do the trick again.
Miss \Schrader has been practicing hard
with one of the best male fencers in the
city.
As the affair stands at present, It Is ar
ranged that' Miss Mower shall meet Miss
Schrader in three separate engagements.
The first of these will be brought off in
Minneapolis, the second In St. Paul and
the third according to the toss of a coin
at. the conclusion of the second meeting.
ETHDOOIES IN MZMOBY
1^*! 0* 1 GIUSEPPI VEBDI
Chamber of Deputies Suspends busi
ness to Honor Italy's Great
Composer.
ROME, Jan. 28.— The Chamber of Depu
ties was crowded to-dav when. the presi
dent, SIgnor Villa, the Minister of Educa
tion. Slgnor Gallo. and Deputies of all
parties -eulogized ¦ ¦ the late Giuseppe
Verdi. It was 'i decided to drape
the chamber in mourning for a
week, to send a Celesation to. the
funeral and { to hold u* solemn memorial
celebration a month after the funeral,
which, in accordance- with Verdi's, re
quest, will be most oimple. The session
of the House .was th«»n suspended •
Illuminations Postponed.
THE HAQUE,. Jan. 28.— The illumina
tions .in honor of the marriage, of Queen
Wllhelmina to Duke Henry of " Mecklen
burg-Schwerin ' have ' been postponed to
Febiruary~4 out'of respect to Queen Vic
toria's funeral.- •"-¦¦- »
Series of Encounters Between the Misses
' Schrader and Mower.
GIRL FENCERS TO MEET
IN "MORTAL" COMBATS
Mrs. Nation Speaks Before the State
Temperance Union. ¦
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 28.— Mrs. Nation
made a, short address at the meeting of
the State Temperance Union to-day and
created much enthusiasm. Her address
was mainly an account of her experiences
during the past few months. Mrs. . C. B.
Hoffman of Enterprise made a sensational
address, heartily • concurring with the
work of Mrs. Nation. She aided Mrs. Na
tion in her work at Enterprise.
• ¦• . . . ¦ *
flee of Attorney General Goddard. The
Attorney General ' was engaged, but she
forced her way Into his private office and
Introduced herself with these words:
"We want you to close these joints —
these murder shops." -
She demanded that he remove those of
ficials who neglected their'duty In allow
ing the saloons to run, and when he evad
ed her direct questions and referred her
to the County Attorney Mrs. Nation
asked:
_"Mr. Attorney General, you're hot dodg
ing, are you? Now, don't dodge."
With a parting Injunction to do what
he had sworn to do on . taking his oath,
Mrs/ Nation, followed by an army of peo
ple, with a bodyguard of newspaper men,
started for the County Attorney's office.
"The Governor and the Attorney Gen
eral are dodging," she said, "but there's
no dodging In any hatchet."
She had lost her wraps and her veil dur
ing her raid on the State House, but she
wasted no time In looking for them.
To County Attorney Nichols she repeat
ed, her demands, and- finally said ¦ *she
wished to swear a warrant for the saloon
keeper's wife who had attacked her Sat
urday night with a broomstick. With a
few words of warning, Mrs. Nation and
her train were again on their 'way, this
time headed toward ' the office of Sheriff
Porter S. Cook.
The Sheriff was'ln a rage., and at last,
boiling over with anger under her scorch
ing attack, he broke away 'and rushing
toward a newspaper man in the crowd
who had pointed at him seized the of
fender's collar and made a motion to
strike him. Others interfered, and Cook,
returning to Mrs. Nation's side, asked her
to his private office to continue the argu
ment alone.
The Chief of Police was picked out for
the next onslaught, but his office was
found locked, and Mrs. Nation harangued
a crowd that had gathered In the street
near the County Jail. «
CREATES MUCH ENTHUSIASM.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 60.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY^ JANUARY 29, 1901.
The San Francisco CallROTTERDAM, Jan. 28.— The steamer
Holland, from London, was wrecked at
the northern pier while entering Nleuwe
waterweg,;at. the : entrance of the river
Maas to-day. The captain and six men
have been saved. The Holland parted
amidships and sixteen of those on board
were drowned.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— It Is reported from
Londonderry that a steam : trawler has
foundered off Dunaff Head, all hands be
ing lost. ¦ ¦¦' • "¦ '•; -. - :.-.':~
Dispatches from Holland say. that a ter
rible hurricane Is raging along the coast,
doing enormous damage. ' Several' small
shipping casualties are reported. .
SIXTEEN PEBISH k.2^Z
ON SINKING VESSEL
Steamer Holland Farts Amidships
While Entering the Maas
River.
VENTERSBURO ROAD. Orange River
Colony, Jan. 26 (Saturday).— Generals De
Wet and Paterson, with 500 Boers, crossed
the railroad between here and Halfonteln
January 23. Twenty-five Briffsh in am
bush killed five of the Boers.
PRETORIA, Jan. 28.— General Smlth-
Dorrien has occupied Carolina after a
stout resistance. - ,
CAPE TOWN, Jan. M.-It is reported
that the Invaders have reached the Ondt
shoorn district, where they had a slight
skirmish with. the defendins forces. 1
General Smith-Dorrien Succeeds in
Occupying Carolina Stout
i Resistance.
BEITISH SOLDIERS KILL
BOERS FKOM AMBUSH
Grave diarges Against the Euperin
tsndent of Indiana Girls' Indus
trial School.
IJCDIAN'APOLIS. Ind.. Jan. 28— The re
port of the legislative committee which
has visited the State Institutions was
handed over to Governor Durbin to-night.
The report charges that Mrs. Sarah
Ke^iey superintendent of the Indiana
Romans Prison and Girls* Industrial
School, has been guilty of stripping eirls
r.afced and flogglnjr them on their naked
backs. The report - also charges cruol
treatment in other ways.
PIEATES ATTACK A ""
EUROPEAN* HOUSEBOAT
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2S.-The following
cablegram was received at the' State De
partment to-day from United States Con
sul McWafle at Canton, dated to-day
"Pirates at Samyonke, near Camachuk
attacked a European houseboat early
Sunday. They killed a Chinese boatman
and wounded sevoiely Brockhurst and
Epalinger. Europeans. Piracies occur
dally In the vicinity of Canton."
GIELS STRIPPED AND
BRUTALLY BEATEN
rado Legislature Providing for
Board of Medical Examiners.
DENVER, Jan. 28.— Spea'ker Montgom
ery Introduced in the Colorado House of
Representatives to-day a bill to mak<":
marriage an expensive luxury. „
Should his bin become a law. it will cost
about $75. as well as much humiliation, for
a loving couple to enter the wedded state.
His bill is to provide for a board of medi
cal examiner*, which shall sit ten day«
a month to examine the physical qualifi
cations of all the candidates for. marriage.
Montgomery places this Hm.t because he
wishes to s« persons contemplating mar
riage properly deliberate.
If the medical board should find that
cither party to an engagement is suffering
from any of a long list of diseases which
the bill enumerates. It will iisue an order
forbidding that person ever to marry. The
fee for the medical examination Is to ba
f13. whether the candidate passes or not
If both candidates are found fit to marry
they must then insert for ten days in
*ome newspaper of general circulation an
advertisement In this form: "I, Jo>m
Jones, being desirous oi marrying Sadl<;
Fmith. do hereby apply for a niarriagc li
cense."
If nobody appears durlnir this ten days
to object to the engagement, the pair may
feourc a marriage Iicer.se by paying afc"
of ?10.
Mr. Montgomery is 36 years of age a
widower, with one son.
WOULD MAKE MARRIAGE
AN EXPENSIVE LUXURY
Montgomery Introduces Bill in Colo-
to-day sent - the following nominations ; to
the Senajte: Daniel B.""McCann:of*"Mon
tanal'to be Register'of the Land Office at
Rampart City, Alaska; Thomas J. HUde
brand i of California, *» Receiver- of -Public
Moneys at .St. /Michael.-- Alaska, .-War
artillery promotions: : " Major' 1 E.W. "An
drews, 'Fourth Artillery,* to *; be lieutenant
colonel; Captain i Frank Thorp. Fifth "Ar
tillery, to be major; First Lieutenant John
E.- McMahon " ; Fourth Artillery, to be cap
tain ; Second Lieutenant Fox ; Connor,
Second Artillery, to be first lieutenant. ' •
President Makes Nominations.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The President
erick, Maryland. andV Philadelphia strain,,
leaving here at 3 o'clock this evening over
the Pennsylvania , ; road, encountered :'¦ a
snowdrift at Sharretts Cut, twenty; miles';
north,' where j It | became : completely snow
bound and remained so until v 10 . o'clock
this evening, when the four coaqhes with
their, passengers were ' extricated 1 from
their perilous position. The engineer at
tempted ' to plow his = way- through the
drift,' but before he got far^ he found ,the
track completely.^ choked up and the rear
rapidly lining with- the drifting snow.
Within half an hour the snow, was seven
feet deep, and the passenger* were greatly
alarmed, as they could -see: nothing -but
huge sheets of snow sweeping down from
the mountains. ; A relief crew was sent
from Frederick, : and . after - hazardous
work ; the train , was . brought back -: to
Bruceville. "~ All the - freight and " south
bound trains from Philadelphia over the
Frederick division of the Pensylvanla sys
tem were sidetracked at Taneytown^ on
account of the drifts. -.-'•_> - ; .<:,-¦ .-
Fasseng-ars "Are Rescued 5 by a *Relie£.
-•- Crew After , Hazardous -
: ). Work.'' . : - '{% ' •-
FREDERICK, Md.; • Jan.; 28.— The Fred-
MABYLAND'' TRAIN IS ~'-'J-.
STALLED 'IN SNOWSTORM
JHoughen Reports Bill for Their Ad-
judication, but No Action Is
Taken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.-More than
$100,000,000 will be the amount of claims
filed against the United States under ar
ticle 7 of the treaty of peace between the
United States and Spain, j according to a
statement made in the House to-day by
Haugen of Iowa, member of- the Com
mittee on War Claims.
A bill drawn by the late Senator Davis
to confer upon a special commission juris
diction to adjudicate these claims was re
ported to the House at the last session. It
received very rough handling and was
sent back to the Committee on War
Claims, with instructions to report a bill
providing that the Court of. Claims shall
have jurisdiction.
Haugen reported the bill to-day accord
ing to instructions, but immediately took
the floor and argued against the amend
ment. He said $31,000,000 in claims had al
ready been reported to the State Depart
ment. ' .
Underwood of Georgia hinted that a sep
arate commission instituted for the spe
cial purpose of adjudicating these claims
would result in a scandalous • waste of
Government money. ; He • charged • unfair
ness on the part of the - committee in
"springing" th<J>ill on the. House when
only a ¦ few '. members r.were- present, and
without warning. - ....... , - - '
Underwood yielded the floor for a mo
tion ! to postpone further consideration for
one week, which was adopted. v
MILLIONS IN CLAIMS
I AGAINST GOVERNMENT
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2S.—Representa
tive Hull to-day Introduced In the House
a bill for pay of the travel expenses on
the discharge from the army of volun
teers, officers and men. who re-entered the
service in the Philippines.
WI1#LOWS, Jan. 23.— Frank Snearley, s
young man employed on the O. F. Packer ranct
near Butte City, committed suicide last even
ing by cutting: hia throat.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28.— The House
Committee on Patents to-day killed tho
bill to extend the life of the Hyatt patent,
on which over 250 cities and towns are
paying royalties In connection with their
nitration plants. The bill was vigorously
opposed by the municipalities interested.
Committee Kills Hyatt Bill.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— There ar«
whispers of trouble in the official ranks
of the Red Cross Association growing- out
of the adjustment of accounts ia connec
tion with the expenditures for the Gal
veston relief fund. "While tha officers of
the association decline to Insinuate that
Miss Clara Barton, president of the as
sociation, has been guilty of maladminis
tration in the dlMch.irsre of her duties it
Is stated that the national board of con
trol has called upon Miss Barton for a
detailed statement of her accounts, which
she ia now engaged in preparing.
B. H. Warner, vice president of the
national board, said to-day: "There la no
friction between Miss Barton and the
members of the national board. Since
the reorganization of the national board,
soon after the Spanish war. a new system
was introduced into the administration of
Red Cross • affairs • and the association is
endeavoring to ctmduct its affairs on prac
tical business principles."
Detailed Statement of Her
Accounts.
National Board Ask3 Miss Barton for
WHISPERS OF TROUBLE
IK RANKS OF RED CROSS
"Nosman.'no party, no nation, can es
cape accountability for actions by attrib
uting their, origin to any other source
than -'human motives and human Judg
ment. The policy i of. the administration
toward, the Filipinos. must be justified— if
ever justified at, all— in the form of the
reason and the conscience of mankind."
Town e ¦ declared that . upon the ar
rival of General Merritt at Manila, "a dis
tinct; change of tone was observable" be
tween-the United States officials and tho
Filipinos, the,. altered attitude " being a?
marked~as'to "force" the conclusion "that
part of Generar-Mcnltt's prearranged
task was: to maneuver -out of an awk
ward .^friendliness- .with; Agulnaldo," an.i
thus' to reach a footing for the conven
ient development r of -some secret pollcy
with which he .had. come fresh-freighted
from Washington.".' 1 .
9 If there was doubt^of the prearrange
ment of the plan," if was banished. In
»Towne's* opinion,- by the President him
self." .The third article of the protocol
with. S?ain reads:.-..
"The vUnitedi" States will occupy an>l
hold the- cjty.^ bay- and harbor of Manila,
pending " the .- conclusion -of a treaty of
peace which shall "determine the control,
disposition and -government of the Phil
ippines.".* .-••>-,¦ %
Yet, despite that definite provision., the
President, the' Senator- urged. Issued on
December 21," 1898, his famous "benevolent
assimilation"; proclamation. *
: "Thus," he continued, "the dilemma Is
this: ¦ Either that article of the protocol
does not mean;what it says, or the Pres
ident of ;the. United States, in causing the
issuance of proclamation to which
I have referred;* broke .the plighted faith
of .this ", Government. >« It ¦.¦ is not agreeable
to me to use ' this '-language; but I , de
voutly believe that' the republic Is at the
gravest - crisis ¦ of > its > history, and I feel
that , a necessary, preliminary to its get
ting safely: out is to cause the people to
realise how- It- came to get In.".:.,:^- ¦ ¦ ' ; ;
*:% Towne. said of sthc President's proclama
tion;, that "among the roses of its" soft
rhetoric of love^ Its 'fair, speech about our
coming 'notas Invaders pr.conquerors but
as ¦ friends,' of the i'mild , sway of justice,*
and >of:. 'benevolent^ assimilation,' the al
ready justly awakened distrust of the Fil
ipinos clearly' beheld '- the "unsheathed ' uncl
glittering steel of despotism."- :¦
, Towne a closed • at : 3:15 p. vm., having
spoken . Just three hours. . There - was a
round of aDDlause / shortly before he
¦ "It Is not easy to fix with accuracy the
time when the design was formed to take
forcible possession of the Philippine Isl
ands, nor to ascertain the mind in whose
'gloomy recesses' this enterprise of sac
rilege and violence '. first gathered form
and pressure. There has indeed* been evi
denced a disposition by its most illustrious
sponsors, as if their prophetic souls al
ready trembled at the inquisition of after
ages, to impute the dubious responsibility
to -Providence itself. I know not' which
to admire the more, whether the modesty
which disclaims credit for the policy, or
the colossal presumption which, challenges
and betrays the vaunted confidence of the
Almighty. .
Referring to Admiral Dewey's denial
tha.t he had ever, treated the insurgents
as allies, Towne said sarcastically:
"I fear the honest sailor's terminology
has suffered from recent contact with the
nice discriminations of administration- di
plomacy." .
Discussing the acquisition of the Philip
pines, Towne said:
Tae Senator declared that we "were in
alliance with the Filipinos, an alliance
sought by ourselves, availed of by U3 for
our own advantage and finally, to our
everlasting shame in the estimation of
honorable men, repudiated by us when we
found it no longer necessary and when
lust of empire had so blunted our moral
sensibilities that we could mount from an
act of perfidy to the grand larceny of a
nation."
While discussing the events which led
the United States forces to the Philip
pines, Towne referred with particularity
to the charge that Agulnaldo had sold his
country to the Spaniards for a bribe. He
declared the accusation was "gratuitous
In Its calumny, when we consider that the
official publications of our own Govern
ment contradict and destroy it."
The rest of the day was devoted to the
Indian appropriation bill, the discussion
turning on irrigation, and little progress
being made.
In opening his address. Towne referred
to the. petition presented to the Senate a
few days ago by 2005 Filipinos for a ces
sation Of hostilities and for the granting
of independence to the people of the Phil
ippines. He maintained It would "prove
a quickening appeal to the ancient spirit
of- the republic, or its rejection must dedi
cate the twentieth century to a reaction
prejudicial, if not fatal, to free'Irisntu
tions." - - • .-.¦•'.. ; . .
Immediately following Towne's speech
the credentials of his successor,, Clapp,
were presented, 'and after being'sworn in
thd new Senator took his seat and Towne
retired.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The
Senate turned from the grind
of appropriations to listen to
a speech which partook of
the character of an oration
by Towne of Minnesota. Since he entered
the Senate a few weeks ago on appoint
ment of Governor Llnd, the young Min
nesotan has had little opportunity to dis
play his talents. As his reputation as an
orator had preceded him, there was much
interest in his speech to-day, which was
in advocacy of his resolution for a cessa
tion of hostilities in the Philippines. The
floor was crowded with Senators and
members of the House. The galleries,
public and private, were crowded to over
flowing. The Senators on the Democratic
side gave Towne marked attention. On
the Republican side the attention Was
less notable, although Hoar and Hale at
first followed the speech closely, at times
exchanging smiling comments on some of
the utterances.' Towne's style of . deliv
ery was clear and forcible. Although re
stricted by manuscript, he had the sub
ject well in hand and rolled out the fine
periods with a fervor that sent them echo
ing through the chamber. The speech
abounded in apostrophes to liberty and
patriotism and scathing and scornful ar
raignment of the policy by which the Fil
ipinos were being annihilated.
Chandler gave notice that if the Indian
appropriation bill were not disposed of
to-morrow \he would ask for niffht ses
sions.
The Senate, at S o'clock, finding Itself
without a. auorum. adjourned until to
morrow.
The -Ban Carlos irrigation amendment
was agreed to. with changes providing
that the surveys shall not commit tU~
United States to the execution of the plan
of irrigation.
Thurston proposed an amendment au
thorizing a Joint commission of three Sen
ators and three Representatives to inves
tigate the questions of forests and agri
cukure on Indian reservations. This and
several other amendments went over.
The general subject of irrigation was
discussed, Jones of Arkansas arguing
that the subject was too important to be
dealt with in an amendment to the Indian
bill, and Teller urging that it could beat
be dealt with by applying it to special
localities.
closed, which the presiding officer checked
with a warning to the galleries, but the
galleries broke again into applause a*
rowne closed/He was heartily congratu
lated by Senators anil Representatives.
Almost following Towne's speech, the
credentials of his successor, Moses i?.
Clapp of Minnesota, were presented and
he was duly sworn In. . .
The credentials of Joseph W. Bailey as
Senator from Texa-i and of F. W. Sim
mons as Senator from North Carolina
were also presented. McComas of Mary
land created something of a stfr by mov
ing that the credentials of the North Car
olina Senator b© referred to the Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections.
Hoar of Massachusetts emphatically
objected, saying the people had a right to
change the present complexion of tho
Senate every two years, and that there
should be no interruption in the reception
of credentials except under most urgent
conditions and after full explanation.-*.
McComas withdrew his motion. Chandler,
chairman of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, giving- assurance that no
rights would be waived by the present
reading of the credentials.
The Indian- appropriation bill was then
taken up, the pending amendment relat
ing to irrigation aloii£ the San Carlos
River for the benefit of the Indian land?.
Spooner and Carter urged that the broad,
general question of Irrigation should not
be prejudiced by dealing with separate
features of the subject. When the debate
had run on some time, Pettlsrew re
marked Ironically, that he was convinced
that the ship subsidy bill had been aban
doned by Republican Senators as th?y
had taken two days \o discuss this minor
amendment.
FRESNO.Jan. 28.— HI Rapelji; the hack
man, and Charley. Quong,,; the.; Chines©
highbinder, who together, abducted a Chi
nese girl from Miss Cameron of the Pres-
byterian Rescue Home in. this city on the
morning of January . 6, :,were held to -'an
swer to a charge of conspiracy before the
Superior Court- this ; afternoon by Justice
of the Peace St. John. ; /:.;": . ••-, ' . • . .
Abductors Held f or Trial. ;-
. SANTA ANA, Jan. 28.— Santa" Aria Val
ley has received another ¦ good ; soaking,
rain having fallen gently during the last
twenty-four hours.; There.is plenty, of
moisture here now to insure feed on graz
ing land/ and to guarantee a good grain
crop. More land will be cultivated in this
county this year than ever, before/. ,;
. RIVERSIDE, Jan. 28.-The rainfall last
night amounted to .60 of an inch f and
greatly benefits grain which .are
more promising. than for years."
Bain at the South.
Across the face of Miss Ackerman's let
ter Wentworth wrote, "I love Louise and
will marry her as soon as I can get rid
of my wire." .. ' . /
The letter was . as follows: : * "Dear
Auntie: Send my things to 202 Edge
combe avenue,' St. Louis, and please don't
forget my dolla and dollhouse. " George
and I are living hero together, and iii
sight of God we are one by reason of our
great love. I am perfectly happy and you
needn't come after in«. Lovingly", Louise "
Miss Ackerman will, get her "things "
together with her "dolls and dollhouse"
without delay, but it is not probable the
latter part of her request will be com
piled with. In fact Misa Llllie-A. Clarlc
of 68 West Eighty-eighth street,* the girl's
niece and one of her guardians, Is already
making preparations to go to St. Louis
and bring 1 her home. Miss Clark says
Wentwprth's statement that he wouM
marry Miss Ackerman as , soon as : he.
"could get rid of his wife" branded him,
In her estimation. ?.s a thorough villain
She says she will never consent to any
such marriage. : . ,-*.
It appears that after leaving their
homes the couple went to 'the. Morton
House and spent three days there. They
then visited; Chicago -and , several other
Western towns before going to St. Louis.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.-A letter received
In this city to-day by Mrs. Katherine" Fay
of 20 West Fifteenth street conveyed to
relatives and guardians the first informa
tion as to the present whereabouts of
Miss Louise Ackerman. The latter Is a
New To rk heiress , who left two weeks
ago with George Wentworth, a Nassau
street lawyer, who haiFbeen married for
six years. . „ : ,
With a Nassau-Street
Lawyer.
Left Her Home in New York
MISSING HEIRESS
LOCATED AT ST. LOUIS
Other towns in Indiana along the rivar
are taking steps to drive the worst ele
ment or negroes away. In some towns no
negroes are permitted to live. Vigilance
committees have been appointed at Grand
View. Enterprise, Tell City and Leaven
worth. Since the recent trouble at New
burg, many of the colored people have
left that town. • ¦
IXDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan! 28.—A.spe
cial to the Sentinel from Evansville, Ind.,
says: Cities and towns along the Ohio
Klver have begun a crusade tsalnst th9
negroes. The entire trouble dates back
to the lynchings of ihe negroes .at Roi^k
port and Booneville for the murder of the
white barber, Simmons, at Rockport; one.
night Mast month.
The Board of Safety of this city has or
dered the police to arrest all stranee ne
groes and bring them before the City Po
lice Judge. If they cannot give any rea
son for being here, they will be sestenced
to the rockpile. The object of this order
Is to rid the town of an obnoxious clasa.
of negroes. It is estimated that there are
2000 colored men In this city who abso
lutely refuse to work. They spend their
time in the colored saicons and low dives
of the city. The Board of Safety wa.s
prompted to this sten by the action of the
Spencer County Grand Jury In, indicting
139 negroes of Rockuort for selling their
votes on last election day. The citizens
have been actively at work for the past
month arranging the preliminary evi
dence to be presented fo the Grand Jury.
It Is said an attempt will be made to have
the blacks who are Indicted arraigned in
court at one time, and it is the desire" that
they be sent to State Prison at the sama
time.
Crusade Started in Towns
Along the Ohio
STRANGE NEGROES
TO BE ARRESTED
Government Claims to Knew Nothing of
Seizure -of British Subjects. ,
VENEZUELAN REBELS
ARE MASTERS OF THE COAST
KERR MAY GET
SHORT SENTENCE
Pleads Non Vult tor As
saulting Miss Bos
schieter.
PATERSON, N. J., Jan. 23.— George J.
Kerr. who was jointly 4ndicted with' Mc-
Allster, Campbell and Death on a charge
oj criminal assault and murder In th*
first degree, in connection with the death
of Jennie Bosschleter. was unexpectedly
brought into court to-day before Judge
Dixon. when be pLeaded non vult to the
charge of assault. John M. Hardlmr,
counsel for the prisoner, addressed the
court and said that Kerr was not pres
ent when the "knockout drops" were ad
ministered to Jennie Bosscnleter and
neither did he assault the girl when sht:
was taken from the carriage on the rock
road. Counsel said that he hoped that
the prosecutor would take this into con
sideration and accept a plea of non vult.
Public Prosecutor Emiev said that white
he had made every preparation vo place
Kerr on trial on the indictment found
against him, he felt inclined to accept the
plea of r.on vult in view of the statements
by counsel as to Kerr's connection with
the girl's death, which seemed to be cor
roborated by the general facts -of tha
case. - "
Judge Dixon, after Prosecutor Emley
had accepted the plea of non vult. re
ferred to the trial of McAilster, Deam
and Campbell, and sajd that if he had
been on the jury that tried them he would
have found a verdict of murder in the
iirst degree. Judge Dixon said that as far
us Kerr was concerned the Prosecutor
had no evidence by which he could con
nect him with the drugging of Jennie
Bosschleter. Consequently the charge of
murder was eliminated from the Indict
ment. The Judge said that Sculthorpo,
the hackman, was guilty with the other 1 ;,
but that he had come forward and told
a true story of what had occurred on ths
night of the murder. Oa account of thi3
action the Prosecutor had very properly
decided not to prosecute him.
Kerr was then remanded for sentence.
He can receive a ounishment of fifteen
years.
Prosecutor Emley announced that he
would have McAilster,, Kerr, Campbell
and Death arraigned In court to-morrow
and would move that sentence be pro
nounced at once. .
It is the general opinion that all 4 the
prisoners except Kerr will receive the ex
treme penalty for murder in the second
degree, of which they were convicted. Tho
full penalty Is thirty years' imprisonment
at hard labor. It is also believed that
Kerr will be sentenced to the full penaiiy
of the law on the charge to which he has
pleaded non vult, which is fifteen. years'
Imprisonment at hard labor.
Kerr's plan of non vult contendere to
the charge of assault has the same effect
as a plea pf guilty, although technlcal'y
It is not an admission of the crime. In
effect It is an announcement that no de
fense would be offered. on- trial. In view
of the acceptance of this plea, on the
charge of assault Kerr will not be callel
upon to answer the indictment accusing
him ol murder.
Campbell's sister 1* circulating a peti
tion which will be presented to Judge
Dixon asking for clemency > for her
brother. - -.*« :¦••
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Missouri Valley;' the Oregon Short LIna,
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany, and a dozen others. The Vanderbilt
interests control most of these lines to
day, and the others are held by the great
Harriman syndicate. • . ; ,
• The Great Northern. Northern Pacific
and "Soo" Pacific, which President J." J.
Hill of the first named dominates, are
likely to be included in the great consol
idation. President Hill Is said to have mat
Vanderbilt and Harriman at Hot Springs,
South Dakota, last week. Two days were
spent there and all arrangements are said
to have been completed. .
"Railroad consolidation with Mr. Harri
man and Mr. Hill?" repeated Mr. Vander
bilt, with a shade of anxiety in his vole*.
"Oh, no; nothing at present. Nothing def
inite yet. We are just looking about, ycu
know."
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 2S.— Police Officer
George Cooley made a neat capture to
day when he arrested John Muller, who,
it is alleged, has been traveling down the
roast and representing himself to be "a
Catholic priest. He has collected much
money for the "Contra Costa Orphan
Asylum," an Institution which does not
txist. N^t only has he swindled people
In this Tnanner, but he has defrauded
them in other ways— so says Detective F.
J. Talamantes of Los Angeles, who ar
rived to take Muller back to Los Angeles,
•where he was very successful in his op
erations.
At Muller's room in this city was found
a trunk full of plunder, representing a
value of more than 5400. Included in the
lot is a finf realskin coat, three gold
watches, a number of razors and a costly
priest outfit. At Lcs Angeles Muller
called at the pawnbroker store of L. B.
Oohn and took out a. line gold watch,
•which he said -he desired to show to a
brother priest who was anxious to buy a
watch. The timepiece was not returned.
He also made collections for the alleged
Contra Costa Orphan Asylum anfl fount!
the people very generous in their contri
butions.
Bishop Montgomery was consulted and
he paid, that the man was not a priest and
•was not authorized to make any collec
tions. It ie said that Muller played the
tame game at all the principal cltits and
towns from San Francisco down the coast.
He fs known to have obtained some razors
at Santa Barbara.
Swindler Takes Subscrip
tions for an Imaginary
Orphanage.
B;*»c!iU Dispatch * > The Call
POLICE ARREST
A BOGUS PRIEST
curve on ¦ heavy down grade and at the
tnd of a bridge. The third section of No.
J-7 was on the siding at Petroleum with
orders to wait there until the second sec r
ticn of No. SS passed east. Engineer Da
vi<ison. who escaped, with slight Injuries,
¦was the onsrineer on No. S7, and went to
sleep en the siding. When the first sec
tion went by he thought it was the sec
ond and Etarte-d out on to the main track.
His fireman and forward brakeman, both
of whom were killed, must have also been
« sleep, for they allowed him to take the
train out. The conductor of the first sec-
Ticm. No. ?*, after he passed saw David
pon pulling out and tried to wave him to
Ktop, but failed. The conductor on- the
fourth section. No. 87, seeing the third
pulling out, ran forward after it as fast
as possible, his engineer whistling down
lirakes. and the conductor of the wrecked
train ran over the tops of the cars until
he reached the car next to the last one
wrecked in his attempt to stop the engi
neer, but nore of them attracted his at
t*-ntion in time.
Conductor Lang managed to jump In
titne to save his life.
The fast trains to-night were sent
sround the wreck by way of Moundsville
and the Ohio River Railroad.
M. COURTNEY, Parkersburg. brake
man on No. SS
J. T. BAILEY, Parkersburg, fireman on
No. 87.
J. G. BAILEY, Kanawha, brakeman- on
No. ss.
The injured: Ike Davidson of Grafton.
engineer on No. S7, burned, cut and
bruised; "Mill recover.
All live men kllied were pinned under
the wreck and at a late hour to-night
only one of the borlles had been recovered.
The accident occurred in a cut on a
from Grafton.
W. W. CUNNINGHAM, fireman on
No. BS.
Engineer Mistakes the First for the
Second Section of a Passenger
Train and Moves From
a Siding.
PARKERSBURG. W. Va., Jan. 2S.-Five
persons were killed and one severely in
jured and two engines and ten loaded
cars were wrecked by the mistake of n
train crew* this afternoon between Petro
leum and Voloino junction, on the Balti
more and OhfV Railroad. The engineer
•was asleep at his post and mistook the
first section of a passenger train for the
second. Thinking both • had passed, he
pulled his train on to the main track and
s=pod onward to what would seem to have
necessarily been his death. The dead:
J. B. WATKINS, engineer train > r o. 3S,
Fatal Collision on the
Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad.
ERROR CAUSES
FIVE DEATHS
Shephard of Texas offered an amend
ment providing ¦ that a postmaster shall
have resided within the delivery of his
office for six months prior to the appoint
ment; Some 'of the Southern members,
notably Bartlett of Georgia, supported
amendment warmly, urging that it would
put an end to carpetbagging in the Sout!>.
The amendment was defeated— 36 to 45.
A rather sensational passage occurred
between Flynn, delegate from Oklahoma,
and Stephens of Texas during the de
bate. , It arose out of the refusal of
Stephens early in the day to give unani
mous consent for consideration of an
Oklahoma bill.
Flynn declared that the proposed !egls •
lation was imperative, and ?aid if it
failed he (Stephens) would be responsible.
He. then attacked Stephens personally,
charging that he had placed In the Fort
Hall reservation bill surreptitlousy a sec
tion which no one knew was in the bill
.•'Then, 1 '.; he continued, "lie telegraphed
a man In Texas that he. had got the
section,in .the bill, advising- him to throw
up his job, locate a claim, and said that
he (Stephens) was 'in with it.' "
"Any • one who makes that statement,
no matter who'he is." shouted Stephens,
jumping to his feet, ."tells a willful false
hood."
¦"Do you deny that you telegraphed to
a blacksmith to that effect?" asked Flynn
'.'I reiterate that It is a falsehood."
"I received my information of tho man
to whom the blacksmith sold out " re
plied Flynn; "but if the gentleman says
It is untrue, , I will take hia word for It"
The incident ended here.
The postal codification bill was passed.
The Senate bill to place brevet Colonel
Thomas P. O'Reilly on the retired list of
the army as a second lieutenant was
passed. O'Reilly was a lieutenant in the
Twenty-second Infantry in 1S72 and was
dismissed on charges preferred by Gen
eral E. S. Otis, then a major of the
Twenty-second Infantry.
Hopkins asked ••-"•Mmous consent that
tne bill be postponed for one week. There
was no objection and the bill went over.
The House then, after parsing some Dis
trict of Columbia bills, resumed considera
tion of the, bill to revise and codifv the
postal laws. ,-
Underwood of Alabama, In oppftsing the
bill, recalled the history of the bill at the
last session, pointing out the great oppo
sition which it developed anu the large
majority by which It was recommitted
with Instructions. While the committee
was obeying the letter of *.»e instructions,
it was breaking it in spirit. Members had
been taicen completely by surprise, he
said, by the way in which it was now pro
posed to procure a vote on the original
bill. ,
The Senate bill to confer upon the court
of claims jurisdiction to adjudicate claims
of citizens of the United States, which the
United States agreed to settle by the
terms of article 7 of the treaty of Paris,
aroused "* considerable " discussion. The
original Senate bill for the appointment of
a commission- to investigate the claims,
which already aggregate $28,000,000. was
recommitted to the Committee on War
Claims, with instructions to report back
a bill to refer the claims to the court of
claims. After Haugen of Iowa had ob
tained unanimous consent for the con
sideration of the •» mended bill as reported
back -by the ? committee, stating that it
complied with the instructions of the
House, he took the floor and argued
against the amended bill on the ground
that the court of claims already was over
loaded with work and that to refer thj
claims to that" court turely amounted to
repudiation. He asked the House to vote
down the amended bill and pass the origi
nal bill for the appointment of a com
mittee.
A bill was to authorize deputy
clerks of United States courts to adminis
ter oaths. '¦ v
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— The. major
portion of Uhe day"' in the House was oc
cupied Un. the .-transaction, of District of
Columbia business. The bill to revise and
codify^the postal. laws, which has been
under consideration at intervals for. ten
days, was finally -passed to-day. Its
friends succeeded in confining the measure
strictly to the purpose for'- which It was
framed— a codification and revision of ex
isting laws. All attempts to amend It In
any vital particular failed.
Delegate FJynn of .Oklahoma and
Stephens of Texas Have Spirited
Tiff in WMch Lie' Is
. Passed.'
All Attempts. to Amend the
Measure Mttt With
HOUSE PASSES
THE POSTAL BILL
The opinion was handed down by Jus
tice Shlras, the Chief Justice, and Jus
tices Harlan and White united In a dis
senting- opinion.
Attorney William M. Springer, repre
senting the State of Illinois and the Sani
tary District of Chicago, was present ia
the Supreme Court to-day when the
court's opinions in the case were rendered.
He asked' leave to/tile an answer to tho
bill, and this being, granted, he immediate
ly tiled It. having it already prepared. In
his capacity as a representative of th>?
State, he admits among other things that
in the territory of iho State of Missouri.
1 and on the banks of the Mississippi River
; and below the mouth of the Illinois ,tr >
many cities and towns and many thou
sands of persons who rely upon the wa
ters of the Mississippi River for their
daily necessary supply of water for drinl;
ing and all other purposes. He also says
that it is matter for proof whether tha
people of Missouri are compiled to use
the waters of the Mississippi as is als'j
the fact as to whether the waters of the
Mississippi are injured by the dralnagd
canal. He contends that the adaptability
of the waters of tha Mississippi for do
mestic purposes would be in no wise im
paired by the canal.
Springer said:*
"To-day's decision merely brings, the
case to a point wher» it will have to be
tried on its merits. Our contention will be
that, instead of inflicting damages, the
flow of the lake water has actually im
proved the conditions in the Illinois and
Silssissippi rivers both as to navigation
and from a sanitary standpoint."
CHICAGO. "Jan. 28.— President Alexan
der J. Jones of the Sanitary District
said: "The decision is somewnat of a sur
prise to us, but after all it simply means
that the case must now be tried on Its
merits. Henceforth the inaulry of tha
committee will be directed to the ques
tion of whether or not. the opening of tha
channel and the sending of Chica
go's sewage down the Illinois and Missis
sippi rivers has really resulted In tho
pollution of St. Louis* water supply.
"If so. equity will justify the griev
ances of St. Louis and the State of Mij
sourl and the Sanitary District will hava
to find some remedy to prevent further
pollution." --y- ;
WASHINGTON", Jan. 2S.— The United
States Supreme Court to-dav rendered an
opinion In the case of the Chicago Drain
age Canal, overruling the demurrers filed
In the case by the State of Illinois and
the Chicago Drainage Canal District
Board. The proceeding was brought £>y
the State of Missouri asralnst the State
of Illinois and the Drainage Board, tha
end sought being to prevent the use of
the canal because of supposed pollution
of the drinking water of St. Louis. The
effect of the decision is to sustain th-j
contention of the State of Missouri.
Demurrers Are Overruled and
tie Case .Will Novr Be
Heard on Its
Merits. ' \'.'Ct
Supreme Court's Opinion
Regarding Drainage
Canal.
FIRST VICTORY
FOR MISSOURI
Twenty-five roads arc included In this
reported combination, and their value ag
gregates five hundred millions. Among
these roads are the Union Pacific, the
Northwestern, the Alton, the New York
Central, the Michigan Central, the Illinois
Central, the Lake Shore, the West Shore,
the Nickel Plate, the Big Four, the Chesa
peake and Ohio, the Kansas City South
ern, the Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis
and Omaha: the Tremont, Elkhorn and
DENVER. Jan. 28.— W. K. Vanderbilt
spent to-day in Colorado, going through
the Royal Gorge on a pleasure trip. At 11
o'clock to-night he went to Kansas City.
The visit of the millionaire was supposed
to be In connection with a projected com
bination of railroads, and E. H. Harri
man's presence with him gave color to the
report.
PROJECTED COMBINATION
OF TWENTY-FIVE RAILROADS
Vanderbilt Interests May Unite With Lines
in the Harriman Syndicate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL: TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1901.
TOWNE MAKES A PLEA
FOR PEACE IN PHILIPPINES
At Its Conclusion the Minnesotan Retires
and His Successor Is Seated. }¦ .
CHARLES A. TJDWNE OF MINNESOTA, WHO IN CONCLUDING THE
' SHORTEST, TERM ON RECORD IN THE U. S. SENATE ARRAIGNED
THE ADMINISTRATION ON THE PHILIPPINE QUESTION.
ARACAS, Venezuela." Jan. 28. via
/f ~ Haytien Cable.— The Venezuelan
(I . Government professes to have no
Information regarding the report
. ed seizure cf British subjects in
Pate Island by an armed expedition from
the Venezuelan gunboat Augusto or the
reported - occupation of Guiria, on the
Gulf of Paria, by the Insurgents. />
The British and American legations also
assert that they have no dertnite knowl
edge on either subject.
On the northern shore of the Gulf of
Paria the rebels, by a succession of quick
movements and smtll but decisive vic
tories, have made themselves masters of
the two principal ports on that part of
the coast, Irapa and Guiria. To the south
of the gulf some twenty miles lie the
asphalt lakes, over the possession of
which serious complications are threat-
ened. These are in the former State of
Bermudez, about midway between- the
Maturin and Guarar.uano rivers. The
part claimed by the trust under the con
cession which has been annulled by the
Venezuelan Government Is about four
miles square.
The asphalt trust has built a railroad,
ten miles in length, from the asphalt lake
to the Maturln 'River, on which the vlP
lag*? of Guanaco is located. The trust has
millions of dollars invested in the rail
road, asphalt refineries, docks and the
steamships which sail between Guanaco
and New York. One-third of the asphalt
lake, nearest the Guaraguano River, is
claimed by the American capitalists, who
have bought "La Felicidad" concession.
The promoters purpose to build a railroad
from the asphalt deposit to the Guara
guano River, which is also navigable.
Further proceedings on the part of all
parties to the dispute may be indefinitely
suspended by the rtbel movement which
has now come so near them. ' >
2
"At Sloane's"
CARPETS.
20 patterns Highest Grade Tapestry —
Regular price $i.oo per yard.
To close at ...,75c per yard.
Sewed, lined and laid.
patterns Body Brussels of the Highest Grades^ —
Regular price $t-5o per yard.
To close at 91.25 per yard,
- Sewed, lined and -laid.
io patterns Lowell Axminster —
To close at..... $1.50 per yard.
Sewed, lined and laid.
Bring dimensions of room if possibla
FURNITURE SPECIALTIES.
We are displaying HUNDREDS OF PIECES of FURNITURE
In the latest and most correct designs — goods made by the best
manufacturers in the country— at REDUCTIONS of 25 to 50 Per
Cent off regular prices.
DRAPERY FABRICS.
An immense line of Corduroys, Velours, Armares, Tapestries, etc.
at values that will be appreciated.
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
LARGE ASSORTMENT at REDUCTIONS of 33 1-3 P«s
Cent off regular prices.
LACE CURTAINS.
We particularly draw your attention to the REDUCED
PRICES throughout our lines of LACE CURTAINS.
; BIG ASSORTMENT OF MADE-UP CARPET RUGS at
7 ONE-HALF regular cost.
Bring Dimensions of room so as to select a Rug of suitable size. •
See our show window for display of special values.
Largest Stock on the Coast to Select From.
W. & J. SLO ANE & CO.,
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery,
114-116-118-120-122 POST STREET.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take I-axative Brorao Quinine Tablets. " AH
6rur*r!ets refund the mon«»y if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove' ¦ signature is on each box. 25c. •
\
. To Cure th» Grip in Two Days .
Laxative Eromo-Quinine removes the cause.*GILROT. Jan. 28.— George M. Be vans, a
laborer, aged 25 years, was found dead In
bed this afternoon. He was alone In tha
house and during the night fell from his
bed in an epileptic fit, breaking his neck.
Finance Committee Puts
.Off Action on ProDosed
ADDroDriation,
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan.^ 28.— There was
quite an audience' before the Sen
ate Finance Committee this even-
Ing- when the question of appro
priating $100,000 for the benefit of
the State Agricultural Society and its
debt came up for consideration. The bill
is one that provides for .an appropriation
to pay debts and to make improvements,
but with the money appropriated to make
Improvements the society wishes to pur
chase lands. The expectation is that It
could sell certain portions of the present
tract and, with the money so obtained,
reimburse the Stafe for what it may put
up for repairs, #mt the society wishes to
purchase the land at once.
The bill was advocated by Frederick
Cox, Dr. W. P. Mathews and J. "W. Wil
son, members of the society, and Judge
Peter J. Shields, w-ho recently was Its
secretary. These gentlemen were closely
questioned br the members o* the com
mittee, and th© needs of the appropria
tion were finally narrowed down to these:
The society Is $10,000 in debt and wishes
to pay this sum out of the appropriation,
and it also desires to expend $t>O,Oyu in im
provements.
There was a great deal of misunder
standing: over the question of title to the
lands. It appears that while the, society
Is a State institution, the property it holds
is in the individual names of the members
of the society. It was asked why the
property was not held in the name of the
State, If the State was to pay the debts
the institution had incurred, and the an
swer was that should the State get held
of the land and it should increase In value
It would be possible for tho State to sell
the land for what purpose it pleased, but
so long as the land was held in the name
of the society the Institution could be car
ried on.
'Tou are not willing, then, to trust the
State in the future management of this
fair?" queried Senator Rowell when this
explanation had been made.
It was also asked why the society had
allowed Its debts to run along until they
had assumed such large proportions and
it was further demanded why, if what, tho
society wanted was money for improve
ments and to pay debts, it did not put in
a bill for that purpose without loading it
down with irrelevant ana complicating
provisions. Then Rowell asked plalnly
if. should tli« State pay the $40,000 for
which the society were Indebted, the so
ciety would turn over the land.
"Not for $40,000," was the answer.
"Then this is a speculation." said Row
ell.
"Xo, It Is not a speculation,'! said Dr.
Matthews, "but the land is worth more
than that."
"But if the society is a State institution.
has not the State the right to take It any
way?"
"That would be to abolish the society,"
said Matthews.
"But has not the State the right to abol
ish the society?" persisted Rowell.
Dr. Matthews looked knowingly at his
colleagues.
"1 don't know about that." heeald.
It was finally intimated that if the soci
ety would be willing to listen to a proposi
tion for an appropriation of $40,000, the
socieiy to deed the land in Sacramento t>
the state and Che State to take a hand -n
future State fair ventures, some consid
eration, might be given it and then the
question was laid over until next Friday.
The committee is not satisfied with the
land-purchase scheme, and probably w 11
not accept the bill in anything 1 like Its
present Ehape.
Provides for "State Agents."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator Nelson Intro
duced a' bill to-day designed to do away
with claims for the transportation of
felons and places that work In the hands
of "State agents." The bill provides that
its provisions Ehall apply only<i> cities
having more than 200,000 inhabitants,
which means San Francisco. The State
agents, the bill provides, shall receive $123
a month.
SENATORS
PROPOUND
QUESTIONS
Interrogate Agricul
tural Society's Rep
resentatives.
DEADLOCK ON FREE, '.;% £ , :
CONFERENCE STELI. ON
Senate Refuses to Recede, and It Is
the Assembly's Turn to
Move.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 25.— The Joint rule regard
ing free conference committees came up
in the Senate this morning on the report
of the Freo Conference Committee ap
pointed last Friday. The committee re
ported It could not agree, and then
Smith tof Kern moved that another com
mittee be appointed, in order to reach
some conclusion before the session had
progressed too far. Ills motion was lost
and now it is up to the Assembly to make
the next move.
There were not many over a quorum in
the Senate when the roll was called, so
most of the bills on the file were left ud
considered. Cutter's bill to grant to tne
Stanford University corporate powers was
finally passed, as was Lukens' bill to re
establish the Supreme Court Commission.
Shortridge's bill to appropriate 53000 to
pay the claim of J. E.' Edson was amend
ed on third reading by cutting the amount
In half.
Oneal introduced two bills, appropriating
$S5,000 for the State Normal School at San
Jose. Of this $35,0(X) is asked for to erect
a building to be used as a library and
gymnasium and for classrooms.
Muenter Introduced three bills, appro
priating $29,000 for improvements and re
pairs to the State Hospital at Stockton.
Lukens introduced a bill appropriating
$10,800 to erect a hospital at the asylum
for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind st
Berkeley, and another appropriating $15,000
for the erection of a workshop at the
same Institution. Smith of Los Angeles
Introduced a bill appropriating $25,0uO to
build a road from San Fernando to con
nect with the Fort Tejon road.
Nelson Introduced a bill making It" a
misdemeanor to drop petroleum, bitumen
or other carbonaceous substances In tho
waters of navigable bays and rivers. He
fixes the maximum penalty at $1000 fine
or one year's Imprisonment.
ASSEMBLY PASSES
THE BARBERS' BILL
Favors the Licensing 1 of Razor-wield
ers After They Have Passed
Examinations.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S.— The Assembly succeed
ed this morning in passing a few more
bills, all of them, comparatively unimport
ant. All measures on which th'ere is a
contest were passed on the file, on account
of the small number of Assemblymen
present
Bchlllig's Assembly bill Xo. 21, appro
priating Jiw 3S to pay the claims of Com
panies B and D, Secoi\d Infantry Regi
ment, National Guard of California, for
services rendered at Colusa in 1897, In de
fending prisoners in the County Jail from
mob violence, was passed.
Schlesinger's bill No. 240. providing for
the licensing of barbers after an appren
ticeship of three years or the completion
of a regular specified course in a barbers'
school, went through. The bill was dratt
ed by the Journeymen Barbers' Union of
San Francisco. The Senate bill was Intro
duced by Wolfe.
Assembly bill No. 137. introduced by
Knowland. appropriating J23I5 75 to pay
the claim of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company for loss of merchandise in the
collapse of a portion of Pier 9, San Fran
cisco, was passed: also Assembly ,blll No.
363, by Higby, making- an appropriation
for the deficiency for the transportation of
insane and feeble-minded children.
A resolution offered by Fisl; to compel
the gatekeepers and porters of the Assem
bly to wear distinctive badges was
adopted.
Irish offered a resolution that every As
semblyman should keep his own desk
dusted and cleared of waste paper, but
the "Speaker declared it out of order be
fore Irish had a chance to explain that
ho did it In view of inability to get the
porters appointed under the liberal pat
ronage scheme to do that work.
Savage Introduced his proposed consti
tutional amendment, fixing the minimum
time for the use of a textbook in the pub
lic echools at six instead of four years.
PROTECTION AGAINST
ANONYMOUS WEITEES
Devlin "Would Make the Circulation
. of Unsigned Attacks a Mis
demeanor*.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. BACRA
MENTO, Jan. 28.— Senator- Devlin* has in
troduced a bil', taken from tho Massa
chusetts election law, which is designed
to etop the circulation of anonymous and
personal circulars. The provisions of the
bill are as follows:
Every person who intentionally writes, prints,
poets or distributes, or causes to bo written,
printed, posted or distributed, any circular,
pamphlet, letter or poster which is designed
cr intended to Injure or defeat any candidate
for nomination or election to any public office
by reflecting on his personal character or politi
cal action, unless there appears upon such cir
cular, pamphlet, letter or poster, in a conspicu
ous place, either the name of the chairman and
secretary or the names of ftfo officers at least
of the political or other organization issuing
the earae, or the name and residence, with
tho street and number thereof, of any, or iom«
voter of this Etate, and responsible therefor,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
E%ery person who prints any circular, pam
phlet, letter or poster of the kind or character
mentioned In section 6J ot this cpde (the Penal
Code) without addlnc thereto his name, show
ing the printing office at which the earn* was
printed. 1» rullty of a misdemeanor.
DEFINES THE POWERS
BESTING nr THE STATE
Proposed Amendments to Prevent
Conflict With .City Charters
• and Ordinances. -
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEKTO. Jan. 28.— Assemblyman Savage
has introduced the following constitu
tional amendment, designed to • prevent
conflict between the constitution and the
State law and city charters or ordinances:
Section 36. The protection and safety of life,
liberty, property, health and morals; the se
curing of freedom and fairness in and at all
elections; the administration of Justice; the
protection and regulation of commerce; - th«
maintenance and execution of measures for the
FUppreiuslon of vice arrd crime (subject to any
exclusive power of • Jurisdiction of the Uhited
States) are functions and affairs of the State;
and no restriction of legislative power aa to
municipal affairs shall deprive the Legislature
of power to provide by law for such protection,
safety, security, regulation and execution. The
enumeration of . the f oregotng powers shall not
b« construed to exclude any other power, iurls
dlctlon or sovereignty bclonjrlne or pertaining
to the State. ' ttBSKBttBISM
It out. Brady says he has only two or
three questions to ask, but they will be
to the point.
At first, sessions of the committee will
be held In the afternoons only., though
night sessions are likely to follow within
a day or two. If the investigation takes
a wide scene and • promises to be pro
lonf-^, morning sessions will be. held.
EjeeUl Ditpatch to Th* CeII
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 6ACRA
ilENTO, Jan. 28.— A flock of pre
sumptive defendants In tha Paris
Commission Investigation arrived
to-night, armed with vouchers and
clothed with confidence.. There
were Commissioner E. W. Runyon: Var
r.ey Gaskill, secretary of the commission;
L» A. Enalay, who was In charge of the
agricultural end horticultural exhibit;
Adolph Ekman, who was In charge of the
mining exhibit: Robert Ross, and W. E.
Dargle Jr., and on a later train caipe W.
TV. Foote.
"Charges" are what the parties defend
ant are looking for, and charge* there are
none. It was pointed out that they need
not have come In view of the fact that no
charges have been filed, but they are here.
That does not mean, however, that they
will answer any questions until charges
are forthcoming, eo that the investigation
may not go along bo smoothly after all.
It Is agrreed that the Investigation can
not proceed -without something definite to
go upon, and the only one who so far has
ehown a willingness to make anything
like definite statements is far away In
Spain. Joseph- Lynch of the Western
Graphic comes next after Truman, but he
has but hearsay to back his etatements,
and while there are several more who
would be wiUing to make complaint if
they could, there is no one available who
can open the main Question— that of the
expenditure of the $116,000. The Commis
sioners tave vouchers to answer this, and
to fa~ r.o authority that can refute them
has ajpeaxed.
Should the Ccnunlssloners refuse to aa
ewt-r Questions until deHnlte and properly
verified charges have been made the in
vestigation may not get much further
than the rollcalL
Focte an3 Runyon ear they expected to
tee Lynch here, and they express sur
prise &i his absence. The Governor had
un informal talk with Varney Oaski.ll on
tiie sidewalk in front of the Capital Hotel
*6< .. aner the early train came in, and
i«u<-r, when Foote arrived, the two had a
lor.^ conference In I"oote"s room la the
hottil, but any questions touching what
wits Mid Foote answered with force and
itviing, but Ms replies carried no informa
tion.
'i lie members of the Committee oa Com
missions and Expenditures have been
DUSUJT preparing lor to-morrow's besin
u:i:j£ of me investigation. Melick returned
ttum morcing trotn. a. .hurried trip to JL«os
-i. r 1 ¦¦ ¦"• ana at 2 o'clock this afternoon
an executive session of the committee was
i.eld. The plan or procedure in the inves
tigation was Uiscussed and the following*
i t>oi Li lion wjis ttdopteti:
Resolved. That this committee permit no
QUejttOBi lo it ttskeJ of a witness except by
me ...::.:. or eome member of tie com
m:it«-tf. ana it any <m« else aesires a. Question
..i r ¦¦ : cl a. witness then tins um« lotty be
fcubniittei in writing to any member ot the
iuuini.ti.ee. who may propound the same if l.u
Chairman Bliss explained afterward
that it was not the committee's Intention
to shut out any attempt to aid the com
jp.itu-e in its work; but* in order that the
investigation might proceed in aa orderly
manner, it was deemed best to adopt a
one which would prevent overzealoua in
dividuals with grievances, or attorneys
representing sucn individuals, jumping in
¦uitii questions Irrespective ot their bear-«
ing- oa the general line of the investiga
tion.
The committee decided that the inter
rogating should be of a nature to draw
out answers to the following questions:
1. Was a proper exhibit made — one
•within the meaning of the act creating
the commission?
2. Was the appropriation honestly ex
pended to that end?
3. Did the Commissioners and their at
taches by their conduct, while in Paris,
disgrace themselves and the State which
they represented?
Members of the committee hint myste
riously of having letters in their posses
sion which %rl!i place those connected
vith the commission in a bad light. Those
letters are said to bear upon the award
ing t»f premiums and medals, which
•would suggest a line of questioning not
ir.dicatcd under the three heads outlined
fcy the committee to-day.
Comrmtteeman Melicic went south to
pather up information from the Truman
camp, but he found cold comfort there.
He subpenaed young Robert Ross, son of
Judpe Ersklne Uoss. to tell of things
which transpired while he was an at
tache of the commission. Melick talked
with George Rice, publisher of the West
ern Graphic, the paper whose publication
in detail of Major Ben C. Truman's bitter 1
trralenments of his colleagues started
the clamor which ended in the Investiga
tion being ordered by the Assembly.
Melick's purpose was to get the letters ;
nnd whatever documentary evidence Tru
man had sent to Joseph E. Lynch, the
editor of Rice's paper.
Rice asked If Lynch was not to be sub
penacd. and Melick said that would be
useless, as Lynch had no personal knowl
edge of the Commissioners' conduct- Rice
said thry wore willing the 'documents in
1 htlr possession should be taken to Sacra
ncnto if they could go In lunch's posses
rinn. and if LjTich coulcj appear at the
investigation to look out for Truman's
interests, but not otherwise.
MclSck replied that Lynch could appear
lwfore the committee at his owa expense.
1 ut that he was not willing to place the
< ornrr.ittfce in the position of paying the
« xpenws of a man to look out for tha ln
zFTcr'e n? the Commissioner from South
« rn California.
It developed that Truman had sent
Lynch a set of questions which he wanted
put to Foote and Runvon, but Rice said
ihoir nnture would rot be disclosed un
1«»fs I^ynch should appear before the com
mitifo. Up eaid they could not afford to
OKWee the character of their evidence
rn!cs.« they were sure it would be prop
« r' A- npfd.
;.ifli<lc's solution of the problem was to
leave a Fubpcna. for Lynch In the hands
rf the Los Angelas Sheriff, to be served
upon the order of th? committee.
At th<» rr.petln*r tb!si afternoon the com
mittee drcirled that for the present Lynch
would rot bp Mibpenaed. Chairman Bliss
reported that Foote. Runyon and Gasklll
}-p<1 expressed their willingness to appear
TWore :h? ccmmlttee at 2 o'clock to-mor
row. Tho investigation will begin with
< r.p r>( the commissioners on the stand.
r.n<1 It i.« believed th« eornmitte.c will ]o*e
re time In cettini? down to business. Me!-
ha? a renutation ns an unfaltering: Ifi
rrfsltdr. and. although l'P went into this
fafc reluctantly, he has been dpvotinjr all
r>t h!s J'tne to it for xeveral days past.
T'vo^c'.'.rlon runs hlqh as to the contribu
"n" that will '•« tnndc to the palety nf
¦•"''•t.s vh'-r 1 M^llck I* pins to lead W.
v.\ FVr,te bark "ver ib? mazy path alleged
", K*-i-e h,r-r.r imrt t>y the commissioners
Mri'^'r -"-iJl n^ f b? 4|o^« In the task of
'"•v-'st'rTrMrTv Tr*adwel1 l« earnest and
i -•»•¦• »•-;--«>«* if -our" rmhlMon and I*»pnl
••Witty. F'ewprt cf Airadnr Js a brlfht
tnwffT. v.ho v.'i'I mrj lo know at every
•nm whether or not things wpr«» done resr
'¦larlv. -«*'i«h tlir proper legal warrant.
"Colonel" Ilrady hns be«»n a detective as
ttpII n« a statesman, and. bc»t«»r still, he
ran tell n primrose path In th»» dark. If
«nv considerable portion ' of California's
?' 30.000 went to k*»ep corks popping: and to
Five Parisian b*>a«tlrs a proper regard
tcr California's gallants, Brady will find
Commissioners Mau De
mand That Specific
Charges Be Filed.
Committee Decides to
Do the Question
ing Itself.
OUTSIDERS
WILL HAVE
NO VOICE
BURGLARS FAIL TO GET
STOCK OF DIAMONDS
Foiled by a Small Spring in the Safe
of a Seattle Manufacturer
of Jewels. •
SEATTLE. Jan. a.— A little spring, re
cently introduced into the mechanism of
"burglar-proof" safSs, proved a stumbling
block to expert robbers who were after
$10,000 worth of uncut diamonds and other
Jewelry owned by Henry Hensel, a man
ufacturing Jeweler In the Hlnckley block.
The burglars left most of their tools be
hind, a seven and a half pound sledge
hammer, a thirty-Inch crowbar, eight
steel drills, two punches and a wood bit
being found in front of the safe.
The attempted burglary was unusually
bold. The Hlnckler block la on Second
avenue and Columbia street, in the heart
of the business district, where there are
many passers-by at all hours of the night.
The burglars began their attack on the
safe by attaching clamps to the combina
tion knob and" tearing it from its socket.
The force necessary to do this was so
great that three small holes were gouged
in the front of the safe at tho points
where the clamps rested. After remov
ing the knob the burglars, with the aid
of a steel punch and sledge hammer,
drove the combination pin out, exposing
the combination. r ,. : - v:
The safe Itself was op to date in its
fittings and besides being unusually strong
contained a burglar proof contrivance in
troduced only recently by . the manu
facturers. There Is a secret spring con
tained In the mechanism which operates
the lever that falls and locks the bolts
after the tumblers have been released in
any violent manner — that -13, unless they
are released by properly working 1 the
combination. . .
After the robbers had succeeded in pry
ing out the knob and releasing the tumb
lers in the same this spring fell and held
the bolts despite the efforts of the safe
crackers, who probably were not aware of
Its existence. _
LOCKS UP CASHIER ¦ -> j •?¦
AND POCKETS THE COIN
Daring Robbery in. Kansas City Of-
fico of Standard Oil Com
pany.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 23.— At tha of
fice of the Standard Oil Company in tho
southern part of the city this afternoon
a young man forced Cashier Irvin. at th«
point of a revolver, into a closet, and af
ter locking him in made off with between
$300 and 5700 in cash. . ¦'¦¦:.
lrvln was preparing his cash for the
bank when, at 2:45 o'clock, a young man.
probably 24 years oW. entered the office
quietly and, placing a revolver at th*
cashier's head, ordering- him to retreat to
a small closet a few feet away. Irvin
complied promptly and the robber turned
the key on him. Then, placing tb« money
In- sight in his pocket, the robber walked
from the office a hundred feet to the rail
road tracks, where he boarded a passing
freight train. Irvin/was alone and it waa
some time before he attracted passers
by to release him and made the robbery
known to the police.
Ched Coverdale and Ralph Myer -were
arrested near the Union station on sus
picion of being guilty of the robbery.
Later Cashier Irvin positively Identified
Coverdale as the n-san who entered the
office and robbed him. It is supposed that
Myers was a confederate stationed near
by. "When arrested the men had $174 and
they tried. to bribe their captors.
The police believe they have the right
men and that' the rest of the money will
be recovered.' Myer is well known to the
police, having been arrested here several
times.. Both men are young.
TRAINS ABE BUNNHTO
ON WHITE PASS LINE
Snow Blockade Is Raised and the
First Train Out Brings Daw
sonites Witli Gold.
PORT TOW'NSEN'D, Jan. 23.— The
steamer Victorian, which was reported
disabled ¦' in Alaska, arrived last night
from Skaguay. The Victorian reports the
snow blockade on the White Pass and
Yukon Railroad has been raised and
trains are running through. A train ar
rived from "White ! Horse on January 25
bringing fifty Klondlkers.' most of whom
came down on the.3 r ictor1an. Sixty thou
sand dollars in dust. was in the steamer's
safe,' and it is estimated an'equal amount
was brought by the passengers. -
Returning passengers . report that the
Klondike is free from smallpox. and the
TAXPAYERS OF .TXTBA
WANT SAL ABIES CUT
Lively Argument Occurs B;fors the
' Joint Committee on County
Government.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 28.— There was a lively row
before the joint committee on county
government this afternoon. On one side
were some taxpayers of Tuba, who want
ed official salaries cut, and on the other
Senator Cutter, who is one of the officials,
and Mr. Forbes, who came to help Cut
ter. The row was over a bill so amend
ing the county government act as to re
duce salaries in Yuba County.
It was shown that the assessment roll
was growing smaller, while salaries
were at the same standard, and the tax
paying contingent thought all should go
down together. Cutter and Forbes said
the roll was going down because people
were dodging ta.xes and the visiting dele
gation retaliated by saying Cutt*-r and
Forbes were of the "Courthouse" ring. A
call from the Senate intervened to break
up the meeting, and the question will be
fought out later.
quarantine has been raised. Xo deaths
from the disease have occurred la tha
Yukon Valley and not a caso has been re
ported for six weeks.
The cold wave continues In. the Tukon
Valley. Telegraphic advices receiTed »t
Skaguay on January 24 announce that tho
temperature at Dawson was Zi degrees be
low zero.
The damage to the steamship Senator,
which went ashore at the southeast end
of Shelter Island on January 22. Is Blight.
DYNAXIITE HXPIX5SIO2T.
Buildings at a Calaveras County
Hine Demolished.
A.VGELS CAMP, Jan. 3,— About two
hundred pounds of dynamite exploded at
the Lone Star mine at West Point, and
that it did not cause loss of life Is littla
short of a miracle. The powder had been.
distributed on the benches of tho hanging
rim to thaw out while the men were at
breakfast in the boarding 1 house near by.
In some unaccountable manner It explod
ed with a terrific report. The buildirsKS
around the changing room were demol
ished and several narrow escapes are re
ported. Foreman King was tyinsj hia
shoe In the bunkhouse and escaped -with,
a window frame hanging nbout his neck.
Huntsman Badly Wounded.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 2S.— C. Alkens. aa ex
pressman of this city, had a narrow es
cape from death while hunting in the Cal
averas Valley yesterday. As It wn? ha
received a bad gunshot wound in the up
per left arm, from the elbow to the shoul
der, and suffered greatly from loss of
blood. As Aikena and a companion were
driven over a rough road his gun. which
rested at his left side, was exploded by
the Jolt of the wagon and the charge en
tered his arm. He will be laid up for
some time.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 28.— Johnson Intro
duced Assembly bill No. WM this
morning to amend section 330 of
the Penal Code, to read as follows:
Every person who deals, plays or carries on.
opens, or causes to be opened, or who conducts,
either as owner or' employer, whether for h!re
or not. any frame of faro, monte. roulette,
lansquenet, rouse et noir, rondo, tan, rantan,
Ftud-horse poker, seven-and-a-half, twenty-one,
hokey-pokev or any niclwl-ln-the-slot machine
or device or any banking or percentage game
nla-ej with cards, .lire, or any device, for
money checks or credit, or other representative
of vaiue nnd every person who plays or bets at
or against any of said prohibited, games. Is
kuIHv of a miwlemeanor, and shall b» punish
able "by a tine of not leas than IIGO nor more
than $500 or by imprisonment In the c;ounty
Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such
line and imprisonment.
Greer is the author of a. bill (Assembly
bill No 513) repealing the act creating the
State Department of Highways, approved
April 1, 1S&7. Greer, who Is well known
over California as the president of the
State tirans**, believes that the Depart
ment of Highways has accomplished noth
ing, find his object In introducing this
measure Is to put the department on the
defensive and compel it to render an ac
counting to the legislature of its expend
itures and the results it has accomplished.
The bill was referre'd to the Committee on
Roads and Highways, but Greer expects
It to go ultimately to the Committee on
Commissions and Expenditures and he an
ticipates pome Lexowing in that direction
after the Paris Commission affairs shall
have been duly probed. \
Cromwell is the author of Assembly bill
No. 512, another measure In line with
those previously introduced by the mem
ber from Sonoma for the protection of the
hen. It provides that the owner of a dog
which shall "worry, wound or kill any
domestic fowl" shall be liable to the
owner of the fowl for damages and cost
of suit; and any person finding a dog
worrying, wounding or killing a fowl not
on the premises of the owner of the dog
may kill the dog.-and the owner of the
canine shall sustain no action for damages
und>r such circumstances. The Speaker
referred the bill to the Committee on Fish
and Game, but on second thought decided
it should go to the Committee on Agri
culture.
Cowan Introduced a measure empower
ing the Board of Trustees of the Home
for. Feeble-minded Children to create a
contingent fund from the regular appro
priations in order that any saving that
may be made may be applied to perma
nent* Improvements.
More Coyote Scalp Claims.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2S.— Senator Flint has added
to the coyote scalp claims, and Assem
blyman Greer also has contributed. Flint
to-day Introduced a hill to providing for
an appropriation of $10,920 to pay coyote
scalp claims from the counties of San
Bcnito and Monterey. Greer's bill Is to
appropriate $10,710 to pay claims from
Tehama County. .
Greer Wants the State De
partment of Highways
Lexowed.
Johnson Introduces
an Anti-Gambling
Measure.
STRIKES
AT NICKEL
MACHINES
Epeclol Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, .Jan. 28.— The Assembly
Commlttee , on Mines and- Mining
this afternoon decided to recom
mend for passage three bills affect-
ing the. Debris Commission. They
are 'Assembly. : bills- 297, 403 and 435. .The
first and last are measures introduced by
Irish and Ralston, which will in effect
abolish the Debris Commission as at pres
ent constituted and give to the Governor,
the right of appointment—Immediately If
he >j cares to exercise.lt — ot a new Debris
Commissioner, who/nust be a competent
civil and mining engineer. Tho Commis
sioner will serve for four years and will
receive a salary of JCOO per year, accord
ing to the terms of Kalston's bill. The
supervision of the construction of the
debris impounding system will' be in
charge of government engineers, and the
Debris Commissioner will have only the
duty of inspecting and making formal re
ports to the State. The miners say that a
nrst-class mining engineer will" accept the
ofhee for the honor tnere is in it. John F.
Kidder of Grass Valley has held the office
for eight years past at a yearly salary of
$3600.
Assembly bill 403, by Schlllig, merely
provides tor vesting the title of all sites
purchased for the wonts of the impound
ing system in the name of the .federal
Government. -
The Irrigation Committee of the Assem
bly to-day. appointed a sub-committee to
take in hand seven bills, providing a legal
method for the disorganization of Irriua
tion districts formed under the Wright
act, and to draft from them one bill com
bining the best features of the seven.
The committee decided -to recommend
for passage Brougiuim's bill, compelling
the capping of artesian wells, the now of
which wouid go to waste.
The Assembly Commiitee'on Roads and
Highways recommended to-day that the
following bills pass: .Duryea's bill, ap
propriating $3«,000 for the Uike Tahoe
road; Kay's bill, appropriating JjO.000 for
a road from Merced i'\iits to the boundary
Una of the Yo-emite National Park: Hal
ey's bill, appropriat'n? ?30.0i.i0 for a road
from I,lck Observatory to the San Joa
quin River; Merrftt's bill, appropriating
JS5.000 for a road oonnoctingthe road sys
tems' of Santa Barbara and Kern coun
ties, and Haley's bill for the construction
of a road from Holllsrer to.Los Angeics,
amended, however, to carry an appropria
tion of $10,000 instead of $20,000. '
•The Assembly Judiciary Committee met
to-night and considered a large number
of bills. Schlesinger's bills, Nos. 223 and
17, relating to th« liability of employers
for Injuries inflicted through the careless
ness o^ employes; were under considera
tion for some time, but were iinally left
over till next Thursday night. Schlesln
ger was. present and explained his bilU,
the purpose of . which is to legalize puni
tive as well as actual damages. He read
a letter from Judge L>;i!ngerneld, express
ing Interest in the proposed law and say
ing in explanation that his political death
and that of Judge Va.n Fleft were due to
the statute in its present farm.
The Judiciary Committee recommends
that the following pass: Cowan's bills
2^3 and 2S5. making the changing of the
brand on .a sheep, hog or goat a misde
meanor instead of a felony; James' con
stitutional amendment and the corre
sponding bill, No. 250, establishing a court
ot appeals: Sheridan and Bauer's kid
naping bills; Grove L. Johnson's com
munity property bills.
The Assembly Committee on State
Prisons and Reformatories decided to
night to visit Kolsom on "Wednesday and
to leave on Friday for its trip to the
Whittler State School.
The Senate Committee on Banks and
Banking will recommend that Muentner's
bill repealing the act creating the Bank
Commission do not pass. The Senate
Committee on Elections will recommend
for passage Cutty's bill repealing the
purity of election laws. -Cutter's theory
Is that all the valuable 1 provisions ot that
xystem are already in the, codes,' and as
for the other*, among them that requir
ing a statement of election expenses,
they better be left out, as he considers
them but so many Incentives to perjury.
STKONGLY OPPOSED TO
THE FEANCHISE BIIX
Los Angeles Improvement Associa
tion Urges That the Measure
J Be Defeated,
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.-*The Angeleno
Heights Improvement Association to-day
presented a petition to the Council stroner
ly urging that body to take prompt action
to obtain such alterations in the present
franchise law as to correct defects and
permit citizens to obtain the sale of street
railway • -¦ franchises. The communication
asserts that citizens of the Second, Fourth
and Sixth wards have been striving for
years to obtain additional street-railway
facilities, and have uniformly failed. Xow
a bill is pending before the Legislature
which will. greatly increase the difficulty
of obtaining . street-railway franchises.
The petition urges a prompt movement by
the Council to avert the threatened action.
I Chairman Bowen of the Board of Public
Works explained that he was acting in
conjunction with. the City Attorney's of
fice in preparing amendments that seemed
desirable to the franchise bill now pend
ing, known as the Broughton law.
. , .¦ '¦? —
JTJNXETING COMMITTEE
AT WJtixTTIEB SCHOOL
Legislators Learn From the Board of
Trustees the Needs of the
Institution.
I LOS ANGELES. Jan. 28.— The Legisla
tive Investigating- committee which ar
rived here last evening visited the 'State
Reform School at Whittler, to-day. . Most
of the party remained' at the school over
night.": .The ; 515.000 . appropriation for the
building to replace the dlninic-hall,. burned
some- time ago.: has already passed -the
Legislature, but the committee listened
patiently to the 'representations of <the
trustees that a number of other exten
sions were imperatively needed. .The com
mittee promised to recommend an appro
priation for the improvement of the car
penter and blacksmith shops. _ The com
mittee will go to San Diego to-morrow. -'
PBOVTDES ' FOB -LEGAL r ;
. LEASE OF '. CHTNTAJ BASIltf
Text of a Constitutional Amendment
Proposed i by • Senator
1 ; ¦ ¦: :. : ¦ ''}•' ¦:."¦¦. ' Davis./-.'
> call; headquarters. Sacra
mento! 'Jan. 28.— Senator Davis ". intro
duced - in the Senate to-day '-. several * bills
bo; amending the^codes' as "to".: empower
boards • of \ harbor commissioners * to leaso
portions of the water, fronts or tide lands
under . their ' control to railroad . companies
that will use the lands so leased. for ter
minal purposes. ¦, _ ,. .. ; ./
;? Thecode amendments are to makepos
slble* the* legal .leasa of/the: China -Basin
to i the * San • Francisco and r San Joaquin
Valley i Railroad and to , ratify the same.
The-lease has already been made, but It
¦was necessary | to ' obtain legislative | sanc
i tion- and^ to make doubly sure that all
i would-be right Davis. introduced his con
stitutional amendment of to-day. *
One Abolishes Debris Com
mission as at Present
Constituted.
Assembly Committee
Sanctions Three
Bins; '
REPORTS
ON MINING
MEASURES
THE SAN FRANCISCCV 'C^LIi, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1901.
ALL IS IN READINESS FOR THE PARIS INQUIRY
3
OLD PEOPLE
Have a charm of their own when they
are not weak and feeble, but hale and
hearty, enjoying the sports and pleasures
of yoath though they cannot participate
in them. * The whole secret of a sturdy
old age is this : Keep the stomach and
organs of digestion and nutrition In per-
fect order. The yotrae man who does
not think of his stomach will be made to
think of it as he grows old. It is tha
n weak " stomach, incapable of supplying
the adequate nutrition for the body,
which causes the weakness and feeble-
ness of old age.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
makes the " weak " stomach strong, and
so enables the body to be fully nourished
and strengthened by the food which is
eaten. - . •
" I suffered for six years with constipation tad
indigestion, during which time I employed
several physicians, but they conld not reach
my case" write* Mr. O. Popplewsll, of Enrein
Springs. Carroll Co.. Art. "I felt th«* there
was no help for me, conld not retain food on my
stomach ; bad vertigo and wotild fall helpless to
the floor. Two years ago I commenced taking
Doctor Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and
little 'Pellet*,* and improved from the start.
Afler tating twelye bottles of the * Discovery* I
was able to do light work, and have been im-
proving ever since. I am now In rood health
for one of my age — to years. I owe It all to Dr.
Pierce's medicines.".
Dr. Pi-rce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free oa
receipt cf" at one-cent stamps. to pay
expense of mailing only. Aadress Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
CCI I IVfi ruiT Mexican Store, 114 Stock-
JCLLinU UU1 ton st. We racmts Janu-
ary S9. Carved Leather Goods. Linen Hand-
drawn "Work. Flr« Orals, Jewelry *nd Curios.
Indian Baskets. Mexican Flsur*«- Fine g-xxls at
lesa than wholesale co«t. Fine Carved Leather
Belts, cheap at |1 60; last ch&nc* price, 75a.
MEN
FREE TO
WHEN TOU ARE .TIRED OF BEIXO
humbugged - and impending large sums of
money with physician.* who give no relief, you
will at last. U you desire a car*, be obliged to
use the VITAL, RESTORATIVE treatment,
which Is the only certain cure for weakening
drains, lost po4fr and phj slcal decay.
Call or write for book of special advice: also
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE, and be convlried. Ad-
dress DR. COOPER ft CO.. J1S Keamy «t.. S.F.
APVlSKTISrTMT'.NTS.GOVERNOR NASH OF OHIO.
"WHO SEEKS TO PREVENT
JEFFRIES-RUHLIN FIGHT.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN- PARK, MONDAY, JANUARY SS.— Weathy flnc. : 'Track fast, y _ y_ _
1714. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-clds. and up; purge. $400. ;
. , . po'' ~ *''• - ~ t ' ." . ~. ! .' ¦' ", -Betting - »
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. H. %.. Str. Fin. JocJteys.' Op. HI. CI. PI.
1669 Joe Trey, S S4 7 5 51 4 2 3 3 . 1.2 .T.Walsh.... 2 ' 6-2 2.7-10
1701 Sad Bam. 3 91 ,1 3 In 2 4 22 2 h 3. Daly...... 15-40 40 10
1645 Prank-Bell,- 5 1» -I" :!' :i 4 — 1 n- in- 32' T. Burns 3 . 9-2 • 4 S-2
1S80 True Blue, a 1M 6 4 ;'SW : 3n 42 42 Henry 8-5 11-5 2 7-10
1C96 Pupil, -4 .....109 3 6 6$ '63 SI 61 Coburn 30.^50 .60 15
1S61 Andrattus, 3...... 91 5 7 7 7 7 6n Ransch .... 12 20 20 S
lf-78 Gold Lace. 4.. ...104 4 2 4 1 7 O'Connor ... 6 . 10 . 10 »
Time — «4, :23H: H. :47>4; »i. 1:12%. Good start. "Won easily. Second ¦ and third driving.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's b. c. by B»lvidere-lm;-. Lady Hawkstone. -Frey. came on and won
as he pleased. Sad Sam forced! Frank Bell tiito his corner by the clip. True Blue not at
his best. Andrattus no speed. !Gold.Lace net-In eood shape. Ssratched-^f oah 91. Salvado
112, Waring 109. S!y IW^RedwaldJlMr ¦ [¦__¦¦_ • • „
1715. SECOND .RACE— One mile; three-yfar-oldg; purse. flOO. " ¦ * ¦
• p 0 . ~ ~ , Betting
Index HoreeMge/ Weight. P«t St. hi. %. 8tr. • Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1705 Bab ......: 117 514 31 2% - Vi 11 Miller .'..... 3 18-5 18-5 4-5
169S Tony Leppinj 115 3 3 lh 1 H Tn 2h Mounce'..... 7 13-2 « 6 6-5
16J5 Slap Dash 119 2 1 2 hi 81 41 8 ns See 30 100 60 12
(lfi?4) Marshal Nell 322 1 25 4tt 38 4n • Bullman ... 8-5 9-10 7-10 1-4
1514 Golden ...107 4 5 4 1^ J 5 S O'Connor ... 10 10 10 2
Tlme-»i, :26H: #. :62; %, l:lS»i; mil*. 1:43*. Good start. Wen first three driving. Win
ner, J. F. Schorr's b. f. by Belvldere-Imp. Pcnlnah. Race was a ridiculous one from every
standpoint. Had Willie See on Slap Dr.sh net been blind that horse would have won. He
took up with everybody walking. Marshal Neil ran as If his shoes pinched hla corns.
17KI. THIRD RACE>-Two and a half -niles; steeplechase; 4-yearroldg and'up; purse, $400.
~ Po.' • j i r • • Betting — —^>
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. W.J. 8 J. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . . Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1710 Credo. 6 163 5S \Vi \K 110 115 Sutherland. 6-5 6-5 1 2-5
(1M4) May Boy. 6 156 1 2 3 10 2 3 2 2 2 1 Worth'Kton 8 13 12 S
1W3 Mestor, a 14S 3 5 5 6 . ?¦ 20 3 10 G. Wilson.. 7 7 18-6 1
U66 I/d Chest'fleld. «.157 2 1 2 1 3 15 4 CO 4 100. IC. Brown ... 8-5 16-5 16-5 1
3692 William O'B. a.. 153 44 41 <1 5 5 ICooper 12 80 ' 30 7
Time— 4:58. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, C. B. Durnell's
b. gr. by Morello-Prize. Credo much the best. May Boy ran well. Lord Chesterfield gave
ou^ScratcHed— J O C 163. ManehlelSO^ -^
1717. FOURTH RACK — One mile and a quarter; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, >400.
[_ j , Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. PBt St. Std. tt. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
-1C37 The Bobby. 4 100 11 31 31 In 11 Domlnick ... S 0-2 9-2 7-5
170t Formero, 5 112 5 7 1^11 !H li»' Henry 5 5 9-2 3-2
(1700) Wyoming, a ....111 7 5 6H 4n 42 Sltf O'Connor... 6 5 5 2
U670) Owensboro. 4 ....103 0 4 21 2n32.4-4 Coburn 3-8 8-5 7-5 3-3
lose Ulm. o 105 33 62 6 Va •" 1 53 Mouniv ..... 40 60 £0 15
1651 Ix>cochee. 5 106 X27 7 62 65T. Burns 12 12 IS 4
1874 JKoenlg. 4 107 46 42 61 7 7 -jj.. Miller... > 12 15 15 8
Time— H. :25; H. :5O»4; %i irlJtf! mile, 1:42^4: l^m. 2:07V t . Good start. Won first three driv
ing-. Winner, Fred Cook's ch. g. by Inspector B-Paney Blossom. Weight and track suited Th*
Bobby. Formero showed Improvement. Wyoming ran toJorm. Owensboro had enough
•when a mile had been covered. Ix>cochee bad "Injun." "Scratched — Topmast 107.
171S# FIFTH RACE— 8even and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
IPo.l " " I, Betting >
Index: Horse, Age. Weight.! Pst! St. Vi. >i. 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1677) BUI Garrett, 4. ..Ill 3 2 11V4HH12 11 Domlnick ... 8-5 8-5 7-5 1-4
(1686) Oold Or. 4 114 11 22 23 23 28 Jenkins ....; 7-10 1 11-4
(16SS) Ordnung. 5 119| 2 3 3 3 3 3 |J. Miller.... S 6 a 1
Time— 1-16, :07: 3-ie, :19; 7-18. :43; ~W. 1:33\. Good start. Won cleverly. Second driving.
Winner. M. Godfrey & Co."s ch. g. by Housatonlc-Bessle Baker. Garrett had race In hand
from the Jump. Gold Or probably short. Ordnung never looked dangerous. Scratched—
. Vu'caln U4. l^~^~~^^^, '___
1T1J>.. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; four- year-olds and up; purse, $400.
— — . — — — . - j Betting ¦ ¦ s
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. K. %. Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(18S2) Handlcapper, . 4...105 5" 7n 62 31. In O'Connor ... 8 18-5 -18-5 6-5
(1713) Scotch Plaid, 6. .109 2 651 4h 2h 2 H Jenkins 7-5 8-5 8-5 3-5
16C8 Vohicer, 4 100 76 SI 3h 11 32 Coburn 6 8 7 3
1701 Uarda. 6 103 11 41 62 51 4n Mounce 12 20 M 6
13S0 Torslnn, a 10T» 6 2 22 In 4>4 5>4 Henry J e 5 8-6
160S Caatake. 6 101 4 4. In 2 2 8 2 6 4 Domlnick ... 8 8 6 2
3«74 Expedient. 4 .....101 8 8 .8 8 73 74 F. Kelly.... £0 100 100 25
1C34 JLfldy Med'som. 5.103 3 3 6h 7 4 8 . s J.' Miller.... 7 15 15 i
Tlme-1-1G, :06%; 6-16. :8l; 9-16, :44; 11-16, l:O0U; mile. 1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:47%. Good start.
Wen first three driving. Winner, W. Shields' b. jr. by Strathmore-Zuhlan. O'Connor put
up a remarkably vigorous flninh on -winner. Jenkins on favorite saved no ground. Vohicer
ran well. Torslna "dicky" In front. Castake quit. Scratched— Artllla 99, Walkenshaw
104. McN'Amara 57, Plan 97. -
NEW YORK, Jan. 2S.— James Rowe.
representing James R. Keene, "has wired
Walter Jennings ah offer of a two Years*
contract for Owen Mounce, the jockey, at
a i salary of $8000. It Is probable . that
Mounce will accept. His contract with
Jennings wilt expire in February. He can
ride at 105 pounds. His father, a prosper
ous Idaho ranchman,' declares. he will not
permit him to reduce In order to make
Contract With tie Jockey.
Keene Wishes to Make , Two-Tear
MOUNCE GETS GOOD OFFEB.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 2S.— Late to-ntght
both Jeftries and Ruhlln' were arrested on
a warrant sworn out by several persons
interested in the coming fight, who acted
at the instigation of the Saengerfest Ath
letic Association, charging them with be
ing In training for a prizefight, which Is
a violation of the law in this State. The
two fighters were taken before Squire
Roebllng, who released both on bond, fur
nished by one James Wilder. A test case
is to be made of their arrest. Roebllns
Is a magistrate in Delhi Township, with
an office not far from Jeffries' training
quarters.-
It is not' known to-night what action,
if ' any, the opposition to the fight will
take to-morrow.
The. bonds were fixed at I1GO0 each and
the men were ordered to appear for trial
on Thursday morning. ' '
lin at Cincinnati.
Warrants Sarved on Jeffries and Ruh-
Both fighters \ took things easy to-day.
Ruhlin took the road for about ten miles
this morning, 'and in the afternoon re
mained Indoors. Jeffries while playing
handball yesterday, wrenched his 1 knee.
The injury, though not serious, will com
pel the champion to stdp his road work
several days. He put In the day at his
quarters, punching the bag and using the
wrist machine.. ,. '>,
PRINCIPALS ABE ARRESTED.
Manager Cook has received orders for
tickets from nearly every State In the
Union.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 28.— The sale of seats
for the . Jeftries-Ruhlln contest opened
early this morning and passed all expecta
tions. Over ?S0OO worth, of seats were dis
posed of within the first hour. Manager
Cook stated to-night that the sale for tho
day was about $20,000. There were several
applicants for $5 seats, but no general ad
mission tickets will be sold until the day
of the contest. No seats have been served
on orders, nor will there be until tho local
demand has been satisfied.
This action was taken by the Governor
In responsa,to the solicitations of a num
ber of leadlns attorneys of Cincinnati.
The petition in the case will be immed
iately filed In the courts at Cincinnati.
The suit will be entitled the State ex rel.
the Attorney General vs. J. J. Jeffries,-
Gus Ruhlln, William N. Hobart, George
Quggrenheimer, Leopold Kleibolt. Bernard
Bettman, George F. Dleterle, F. A. Lee.
Fenton T. Lawson, Rev. B. A. Eisenlohr
and thirty-one others, associates In the
management of the Cincinnati Saenger
fest Company. The form of the suit will
be a petition for an injunction against the
persons named, based on the claim that
they are about to perpetrate a public
nuisance. It Is on thl3 claim of nuisance
that It Is hoped to, avoid the question of
whether the contest is a prize fight or a
boxing contest.
The attorneys who were In consultation
with Governor Nash and Attorney General
Sheets at the State capital to-day In ref
erence to the proposed Jeffries-Ruhlin
fight in this city, returned to Cincinnati
to-night, but too late to file- the petition
for an Injunction. The suit against the
directors and members of the Saengerfest
Club will be brought in one of the local
courts. One of the local Judges recently
instructed the Grand Jury to bring: In
dictments-against the members of the
Saengerfest Athletic Association, and the
promoters of the ficht feel that they
would be enjoined at once if the Injunc
tion was asked for in his court. The dis
position of the different Judges has been
much commented upon to-dav. and It Is
thought by some that there are one or two
Judges. who approve of the Instructions to
the Grand Jury, though it is said that
most of the Judges here did not approve
of that action. At any rate, according to
the street talk to-night; much depends
upon the judge before whom the petition
for an Injunction is heard, as' the Rt«
tofneys who present the petition represent
the ministers and all others opposing the
prize flght, it is generally conceded that
they wtll go into the courts In which they
think they have the best chance to secure
an injunction.-
While the drift of local opinion is that
the flght will be pulled off here on Febru
ary 15, yet the proceedings in Columbus
to-day throw another obstacle in the
way of tne promoter?. It Is believed that
the athletic association will reply to the
petition promptly without claiming time
for preparation, jo that all doubts will be
removed as soon as possible. It is thought
that the present legal proceedings will be
over within two or three days.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 23.— Action
was taken by Governor Nash to
day to prevent the Jeffrles-Ruhlin
fight at Cincinnati on February 15.
The Governor has been opposed to
the fight being held In the State, and to
day he sent the following letter to At
torney General Sheets:
"It has come to my knowledge that cer
tain persons In Cincinnati are to conduct
an enterprise In that city on the 15th of
February next which has all the ear
marks of being a prize fl*ht. Such an
event would be a dl6»race to the State of
Ohio as well as a violation of the law,
and I hereby authorize and request you
to take such steps and commence such
action at law, civil or criminal, as may
be necessary to prevent this occurrence,
and In so doing to use the name of the
State. Very respectfully yours.
"GEORGE K. NASH."
SAX JOSE. Jan. 2S.— The Merchants'
Athletic Club, which waa recently organ
ized with a membership of 250. filed arti
cles of Incorporation to-day. Its life is
placed at fifty years. The directors for
the first year are: Loui3 \V. Bond, Gus
Lion. C. H. Hogre, E. M. Rosenthal. T. J.
McGeoghegan. G. I* Barker and E. 91
Rea. A bulldlns: on Third street, near
San Fernando, has been engaged for club
rooms. The oreanizatlon will be fash
ioned after the Olympic Club of San Fran
cisco, with reading rooms, baths and ffym
naslum. . --';
Athletic Club Incorporates.
weight. California turfmen 'predict • a
great future for trie Idaho, boy.
Instructs Attorney General to Proceed
III Against Promoters of the
Fistic Carnival.
NASH IS OPPOSED
TO THE BIG FIGHT
SPORTS RACING, HANDBALL, BASEBALL, BOXING SPORTS
CART WRIGHT IS IN THE LEAD
FOR HANDBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
Olympic Club Tournament Is Drawing to a Close— James,
Russ and Butz Still in the\Fight With About Even.
Chances for Second Honors.
When .built., will prove, tho link between pros
perity, and many people. It will prove .a
blessing to humanity- In general. Improving the
condition of the nation, as Hostetter's Btom
ach Bitters do«s that of the Individual. Noth
ing to. equal thit remedy has ever been dis
covered for all ailments of tb« atomach, liver,
bowels - and kidneys, . It will quickly cleans*
the blood and sharpen tho appetite. Sett that
oqr Private Revenua Stamp covers the neck
of th» bottla. "• * ¦? ' : ¦
The Nicaragua Canal,
,\ LONDON. Jan." 28.— The American trot
ters which ibeloneed- to. the' late Lord Wil
liam Beresford- were sold 'at -auction to
day. I Plloter. brought: 557 guineas, Harry
440 guineas and Dupree 105 guineas. -
Beresf ord's ) Trotters Sold.
ST. PAUL. Jan. 28.-A: L. Craig, assist
ant general passenger agent of the North
ern Pacific Railway Company, has ten
dered his resignation, to take effect Feb
ruary 15. Mr. Craig will become general
passenger agent of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, with headquar
ters at Portland, Oregon.
Government "Willing to ; Buy.
WINNEPEG, -Jan. 28.— Premier Robltn
to-day stated that the Manitoba. Govern
ment wan making attempts' to purchase
the Northern- Pacific Railway in Mani
toba, but so far, he said, nothing definite
has been dona. '
Craig Resigns.
GILROY,. Jan. 28.— A daring daylight
robbery occurred about two miles north of
Sargents station, on the Monterey road,
this afternoon. Edward Riffe. a laboring
man from Salinae, traveling by bicycle to
San Jose, had dismounted from his wheel
when two men stepped from the side of
the road and relieved him of a silver
watch, a gold badge nnd $3 in coin. Rlffe
describes one man as tall and clean-shav
en.' The other was stout and short and
weighed about 170 pounds. Riite told 'his
story to local officers, and It was found
that two men answering the -description
had eaten at noontime at the .Bloomfleld
farm. They fied southward. 1 >
Sargents Station.
Robbed by Two Highwaymen Near
WHEELMAN HELD < UP.
OPPOSITION TO SALE OF
r DANISH INDIES SLIGHT
But One Member of the Finance Com
mittee of the Folkethingv Desires
: ' Their Retantlon. ¦¦'-.
COPET^HAGEN, Jan. [ 28.— It appear?
that only a single member out of the fif
teen comprising the Finance - Committee
of the Folkethlng^opposes the ! sale ¦ of ¦ tho
Danish West Indies 'to the United States.
The objector is Btavtlng a newspaper
Campaign for their retention, but the
Finance Committee of the Landsthlng will
shortly report in favor of the sale of tho
islands.^ The agitation of the inhabitant*
of the islands against their, sale is largelv
artificial and therefore of.' not much
Shoots a Burglar.
ST. JOBEP.H, Mo „ Jan. 28.— F. A.'Olden;
a prominent 'business man of this city,
in a pistol duel with a' burglar 'at;, his
home, to-night, l fatallv\ wounded tho rob
ber and' himself received a broken leg.
The burglar turned out to bo "Curley"
Pryor, well known us a crook. ' '
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen
sions Issued.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— Postmasters
appointed : Calif ornla— Martin R. Wlton,
Banning, Riverside County, vice John C.
McMullen. removed; W. T. Bailey, Requa,
Del Norte County, vice James N. ,Otto,
resigned. "Washington— Mrs. Maggie' Kay
ner* Block House, Klickltat County, vice
Lewis Seitslnger, resigned.
Pensions Issued* California: Addi
tional—Frank H. Ellis, San Francisco, U.
Increase— Washington J. Nutt, Los Ange
les. $8; Oliver A. Whitney. Gllroy, $10;
Henry Williams. Cherokee, $8. Original
widows— Vitallne Lawlor, Sacramento, J8;
Ellen L. Meech, Fort Bragg, $8; Melinda
S. Lambert, South Pasadena, $8.
Oregon: Increase — John L. Pennington,
Ashland. $10: Hiram W. White. Albany,
S12; Jacob Mills, Oregon City, $10; Presley
M. Burleigh, Enterprise, $10. Original
widow— rMary J. -Harrington, Coqullle, $s.
War with Spain widow— Mahala J. Chand
ler. Junction City. $12. : ¦ .,. J ,
Naval orders: The following officers are
detached to duty in connection vwlth the
Wisconslp "arid to duty as namedwhen she
Is placed in commission: Captain G. C.
Reiter, 1n command; Lieutenant Com
mander. J. B. Mllton v executive officer;
Lieutenant H. T. Mayo, navigating officer;
Lieutenant G. W. McElroy, In -charge of
engineering;- Paymaster J. C. Sulfivan,
pay officer; Gunner, H.B.'Soule. Assistant
Gunner J.- F. Daniels. Assistant Boat
swain A. H. Hewson, Assistant Carpenter
L. S. Warford; Warrant Machinist J. J.
Fuller. Assistant Warrant Machinist »Gi
H;« Helnen, Assistant' Warrant Machinist
J. B. Jones, on board.
The ladies of the San Francisco Golf
Club held a combined approaching and
putting competition yesterday on the Pre
sidio • links,*. each)- contestant*; holing " out
three balls from . a' distance % of seventy
flye yards . from! 1 the third green I and the
same number . ; from'* k.-'dlstance ? of *¦ forty
yards from the seventh green." The com
petition was won. by Miss Caro' Crockett,
who holed out the six balls In 22 strokes,
LADY GOLFERS APPBOACH v ;
l>-h J AND PUT AT PRESIDIO
Miss Crockett Wins ; First Prize : and
H.Miss O^Oonnor; Captures Second ;. :
'-'¦'" Awardi" • ;
"Plunger" McManus concluded to take
another whack at the game andcut;ln
again yesterday.
Domlnick was the only rider to pilot two
winners. ' .' ' v v "
Sad Sam ran for the first time : In the
Track Notes.
BILL GARRETT. the consistent
Missouri-bred Reldlng 1 . started the
week well at Tanforan Park yes
terday by defeating Gold Or arid
Ordnung in the seven and one
half furlong purse run. For reasons es
sentially their own the owners of Garrett
start him In no selling events, even
though his name is not coupled with the
stake division. Gold Or, ridden by Clem
Jenkins, was favorite in the betting, but
ran as if not keyed to concert pitch. Bill
Oarrett, with 111 pounds in the saddle,
won nil the way.
Young Domlnick ha-J the leg up on the
winner, and the pair constitute a formid
able combination. Since the season
opened Hill has competed In eight ra'cef",
six of them resulting in victories. Ord
nunpr tvas never a contender.
It was ndt much of an afternoon for fa
vorites, as Joe Frey and Credo, the Jump
er, were the only 3hort-prlced ones to
earn brackets. Even with four upset*
the ring is reported 10 have experienced
another unprofitable Inning.
True Blue and Joe Frey see-sawed for
the honors of favoritism in the betting in
the first event, a six-furlong run. At
post time It was 2 to 1 and take your pick.
J. Walsh had the mount on Joe Frey and
after Frank Bell and Sad Sam had hud
enough of the clip they set, came on, win
ning hands down In 1:12%, a new track
record. True Blue was outfooted from
the start.
. Undoubtedly the worst performance of
the day from a time standpoint was the
win of Bab in the mile event. Marshal
Neil looked pounds and away the best.
but was afflicted with no speed whatever.
Tony Lepping made the running, only to
be downed alength at the end. in l:43?i.
Had W. See. on the 100 to 1 shot Slap
Dash, had any conception of pace, the out
sider could have won with ease.* • Instead
of going out In the lead when he could
have done so; See took his mount bqck
and was then pockettd. As It was. he
finished a fast closing third.* .:
The steeplechase, over two and a half
miles, went to Credo, carrying 163 pounds
and an even money favorite. The Morello
gelding took all of the Humps out in front
of his field ; and finished with pounds to
spare fifteen lengths .before 'May I 'Boy.
When Lord. Chesterfield tired old Mestor
drifted into the show. . • ; .
Sam Hlldreth's chestnut horse Owens
boro'was looke.l upon as a real good thing
for the mile and :a- quarter/ selling affair.
He trailed along with: Formero for nearly
a mile * find i then gave It up completely.
Domlnick : i On j. The -^ Bobby then I tackled
Formero, and in a mild drive got home
first by a length. : Wyoming ; found the
route a trifle too far. still, he lost the place
by- a narrow; margin only." -The"; Bobby
went. to the post at odds of 4V4 to 1. ;
: Winnie O'Connor's excellentihandling of
Handicapper -contributed largely to the
success of that horse In the finalmile and
a sixteenth run. decided under selling con
ditions. Getting away from the post none
too well, he gradually worked to the front,
and driving hard defeated 'the. favorite.
Scotch Plaid, a head: Wohlcer ran a close
third. ¦ - : \ -_•¦¦' ,"_' ¦'." :j,:; : . ••,. ¦' -,"."':
second • place belnr taken by Mlea O'Con
nor' with 24 strokes. • " Mrs. R. Gllman
Brown's score was 25. Mies Drum's 28 and
Miss Howe's 29.- Miss Morgan and Miss
Josaely n ¦ competed;* but made . no returns.
There were two prizes. ;
On Sunday the magnificent condition of
the. course tempted ! many grolfers. An In
teresting' foursome ¦ over eighteen holes
was 'played; In -• which - ; J.'-'"VvY: Byrne and
Robert Johnstone . defeated B. D. Adam
son and H. B., Goodwin t up.v.' ¦ . ,,
, NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 28.— Results:
. One" mlla.V selling— Egyptian Princess won.
Porter B second, John B third. Time. 1:43%.
Six ¦ furlongs, sailing— Trladltia" won, W. J.
Debo« second/ Alex third. Time, HU. • , . .
One mile and an eighth, selling— Pat Garrett
won,- Major Manslr - second, Leon Ferguson
third.; Tlm<* 1:66U. -
" Six and a half furlongs— Tom Kingsley won.
Aloha II second. Weldeman third. Time, 1:M4.
Seven . furlongs,"- selling— Thurles won. Tlllie
W second. -Ctfeyforge third.- Tlm«, .1:28&
¦•" One mile, ' selling— Jo« ¦* Collins won, ¦ Gray
Dally second, '. Zaclc Phelps third. -Time, 1:43.
Rssults at New Orleans.
¦ First rac« — Tyr. Compass. Scallywag.
Second " race— Rosewar, Cunard,. Cbrrlgan. ;
Third race— Josephine B, Torsida, Torsina.
Fourth race— Good Hope. La Mascotta, In
victus./ _.'' ' -. ' ,..'.'. : ,
Fifth race^-Sunello. Bnmhllda, . Skip Me.
Sixth racei-Artllla. Sam Howard, Fllle d'Or.
Probable Winners.
I Sixth race-rMile and & sixteenth; four-year
olds and. up; purse:
. 1713 Charles Le Bel.lOfl 1462 Maecabee 101
1630 Burdock ........101 -..; The .Phoene'cn.106
1660 Flile d'Or....... 99 1VV> Fnrmatus ......101
1682 Artilta ......... 99 1691 Sam Howard.. .101
1666 Hindoo Pr"ceS8. 99 '
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
1707 Bogus Bill...... 104 1708 Klngstelle .....81
1712 Invictus 98 1575 Sunello ....I... .101
1570 Dlomed 107 1706 Our Lizzie 102
1589 Limelight 101 1707 Racetto 104
1653 La Maacotta.... 99 1589 Good Hope 99
1539 Alleviate 102 1552 Meadow Lark. .104
Fifth race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
olds and up; 'purse:
1678 Brtnhllda ..107 1348 Katie Walcott.lM
1691 Cerrosanta 91 1155 Thornwlld 91
Porphyry 89 -Raclvo 106
1708 Florista : 89 1688 Skip Me 89
.... Sebastlana ..... 89 1703 Tola 91
15«9 Clarello ........107 1C64 Annello 8»
. Third race— Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
cld* and- up; selling: ...
1709 Tofslda 110! 1719 Torslna HO
127« Sidelong ........mi 1683 Free Lance 115
(17(X)Jo8ephlne B 110 (1686)R. del Band'os.112
George Bennett, the Western turfman
and bookmaker, who has been trying to
engage "Monk' Coburn for some time,
has finally succeeded. Tommy Lottrldge
of the firm of Atkins & Lottrldge stated
yesterday that they had disposed of their
contract on the boy's services to Bennett
and that the deal would be consummated
to-day. Something over $2000 was paid for
the California lad's release. Coburn Is
riding in excellent form and ought to be
one of the star jockeys on the Western
tracks the coming season. . ¦
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-old« ;
rurse:
1469 Tyr 1121 1453 Poynta 112
1695 Phil Archibald. 112 1705 Luca 107
lew Scallywag 109 1706 Homage 107
I6C5 Compass 107 1583 Oscar Tolle 112
1CS2 El Topio... 112
Second race— Three furlongs;' two-year-olds;
purse: - •, . ¦
1BS5 Cunard 113 ....Ogle I. ...118
| 1703 Rosewar 115 .1663 Larghetta. 115
1703 Snoo2e 110 .... Bister Jeante...U5
.... TyramiB ..115 .... Maraachina ....118
.... Muslque 115 1685 Corrigan 113
1685 Legal Maxim.. .110 .... Trsula 115
colors of Brown & Liger, and compelled
Joe Frey to make a new track record.
Slap Dash was well played at 100 to 1
and with an intelligent ride could have
won. ,
BY F. • E. MULHOLLAND.
It wan arranged to cover the ten-year
agreement, and -provides for placing the
practical control of each club in the hands
of the league. Bach club agreed to de
pesit with the president of the league In
trust the. leases of all its plants and 51
per cent of Its capital stock and uniform
figures on the plant and franchise, which
riven the league the right to buy any
franchise should a club denlre to eell out.
and the prospective purchasers ¦ be con
sidered undesirable to the other members
of the league. • • ¦ < .
At the night ' aesslon the constitution
waa read and adopted section by section.
A committee consisting of Comiskey.
Mack and J. J. McGraw was appointed
to revise the playing rules and' report at
the schedule meeting of the league, the
date of which has notybeen fixed. The
new' board of directors will be made up
of representatives of Baltimore. Washing
ton. Chleago and Milwaukee. These, with
President Johnson, will constitute the
governing board of the league. It waa
voted that the championship schedules
shall Include 140 games, the same as last
year. A 'resolution was passed limiting
the number of players of each" club to
fourteen. •-- -
CHICAGO, Jan. 2S.— The meeting of tho
mas nates of the American League opened
at noon to-day, and with the exception of
a short recess In the evening, It continued
until nearly midnight.
Those present at the meeting were: S.
S. Franks, H. Goldman. J. J. McGraw, C.
W. Sams, S. Miles Brlnkley, from Balti
more; James Burn?. Detroit: James
Franklin. Buffalo; C. Mack, Philadelphia;
James Manning, Washington; J. F. Kll
foyle and C. W. Somers, Cleveland; Matt
Kllllio, Milwaukee: B. B. Johnson and
Charles Comiskey, Chicago.
A new circuit was arranged In accord
ance with the report of the circuit com
mittee. Baltimore, Philadelphia and Bos
ton were admitted and Indianapolis, Buf
falo and Minneapolis were dropped. Man
ning's Kansas City franchise having been
transferred to Washington at a previous
meeting.
The new franchises were granted as fol
lows: Baltimore, to the new corporation
of which Sidney Franks Is president;
Philadelphia, C. Mack; Boston, Charles
W. Somers. /
The discussion over the constitution
took up most of the time In the afternoon
and evening.
Thrie Cities Dropped From
tho American Baseball
League.
MAGNATES AGREE
ON NEW CIRCUIT
. ; ; r
out by the Pacific Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation as Bome of the young men have
placed themselves und?r the ban by box
ing before the so-called amateur athletic
clubs for medals that were later convert
ed into money.
CANDIDATES FOR HANDBALL
HONORS WHO "WILL. PLAY
TO-XIGHT.
Puppr atake. forty-elRht entries: Gaffney &
Hawkins' Spartan vs. Oorge Wood's Mosquito;
Pasha Kennels' Rival' r Answer V*. The Star
Kennels' Game Boy; F. Montn'a Gold Dollar
r». W. C. Glacson's lone; Yo*i<»mite Kennels'
Blr Van vs. George Sharman'B Th« ' Doctor;
Georre Wood's Tom Thumb vs. Curtis &
Sono" Tellow Kid; Yosemlte ¦ Kennele' Rebecca
vs. Georjfe H. Starr's Whoop La; II. Merrill's
Plying Bell vs. Yonernlte Kenneln" Freedom's
Banner; J. Strahl's Lady Friend vs. J.' Strahl's
Lady Russell; James Dean's Grey f eld vs. G.
I^eonard's Sir Crawford; George H. Starr'B
Friendly L&sp vs. Curtis & Sons' Roxinante; J.
McCormick's Little Dolly vs. T. Flynn's 9an
cho; O. E. Wiley's Buckles vs. Curtis & Sons'
Vagrant (late Director); Starr Kennels' Fonte
noy vs. J.'HoldPn's Royalist; W. Carmlchael'B
Royal Best vs. Kerrigan & Meharry*s KroS; J.
Kerrigan's Melpomene vs. J. Kerrigan's Rox
ana; P. Joyner"s Frisco Boy vs. F. AUtagne's
Flamore; 1>. Dillon's Granuvllla vs. 1*.
Doyle's White Ribbon: R. E. de B. Lope* A
Son's Jewegs vs. -M. Monach's Florence Flat
terer- It. E. de B. Lopez & Son's The Levlte
vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Alec; B. Silver's
Good Hope vs. Curtis & Sons' Fashion Plate;
Yo*emlte Kennels' Nordlca vs. F. A. McComb's
Royal Fashion; T. X Gaffney'a Milllngton v«.
E. N. KellOKK's Crawford Belle; George Shar>
man's Black Flush v*. Pasha Kennels' rtepent
Again; Beck & Hoffman's Momus vs." F.
Moran's Grand Duchess. /
Bapling stake, twenty-three entries: D. ; E.
Wiley's Lady Sylvanus vs. Yosemlte Kannels"
Street I^icust; Curtis & Sons' Wapsee vs. W.
Carmlchael's Glimpse at Glory; Captain Clark
son's Miss Brummel vs. D. Chello'e May liloft
10m; J. Dean's Dorothy M vs. William Mc-
Donald's Goldey Mac; Captain Clarkson's
Prompto vs. Sterl & Knowles' The Iceman; A.
Vanderberu's Preclta Maid vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Andromeda; Yoeemlte Kennels' Merriwa v«.
Bterl & Knowles' Freete Out; Sterl & Knowl**'
For Liberty vs. J. Horn's Bonus; Yosemlte
KrnnelH Pa viola vs. Captain Clarkson's Hap
hazard; It. Prlngle's Rickety Jig vs. Captain
Clarkson's Lady Nell: William McDonald's
Billy Me vs. E. H. Mulcaster's The Moor; R.
Prlngle's Morning Dawn, a bye.- .
Many of the saplings and puppies offere-1
were refused by the management, aa the
owners forgot to take the precaution to
have them registered. The. California
coursing committee will not permit doga
to run unles<e they have been duly regis
tered. Coursing will begin on tho arrival
of the 10:15 train. There will be no cours
ing on Saturday. The regular weekly
stake will be run off on Friday and Sun
dav. ThiB is to accommodate the dog
owners and betting element, who are de
sirous of attending the special horse race.
Following Is the result of last evening's
drawing: . .'
For the first time in many months tho
Union Coursing: Park management' will
run off sapling and puppy stakes on their
grounds to-morrow. There are forty
eight entries in the puppy class and - the
talent will have its hands busy picking
winners. It will practically be the initial
appearance of the young dogs. Great
things are expected of some of the entries
as they come of fine stock.
Puppies and Saplings Are to
Contest at Union Cours
ing Park.
DOUBLE STAKE
TO BE RUN OFF
The sound of the. gong and the shouts
3f facetted spectators -vill be heard in the
pymr.aFium of the Olympic Cub to-mor
row night. A four day?' tournament of
ooxir.g is to be inaugurated and the clev
erest amateur slugceis fn thl* vicinity
•rill exchange jabs ami uppercuts. Thero
are over seventy entries in the different
rla??es and some warm fighting is antici
pated by the members cf the c!ub.
The contestants will battle three rounds
each, and if necessary .< fourth round ¦mill
be called for by the |udns. Medals and
trophies vfU be awarded the victors in
their classes. They will also bav«_tho
privilege of doing battle with Scholes.
Oukelow and the other Kasterners, wiio
ire expected here in the latter part 0*
Uarch.
A number of tho entries will be thrown
Olympic Club Boxing.
NEVER before in the history of
the Olympic Club has a hand
ball tournament excited more
Interest than the one that Is
now drawing to a close. The de
voters of the Irish frame have crowded
the splendid court of the club during the
prepress of the games and have cheered
the playrrs on to victory. The contest
ants have struggled hard to win the hand
pctne trophy offered by the club and of
the score of experts who entered the tour
nament but four remain to Ftrupgle for
honor*.
William CartwrlBtit. Oeorge James,
Henry BXttM and Fred Butz are the con
testants who ar? still in the ring. Cart
•wrljfht has the championship we!' in hand
and if he defeats EtBsa to-night he will
be declared the- Winner Of the tournament.
It will then be a tight for coeond honors
between Russ, James and Butz, with the
t-hanres very -evenly divided.
CartwriRht admits that his "mitts" are
very sore and he i^ plad the ordeal is
nearly over. The other members left in
the flcht are also praying for the end.
All have trained faithfully for the
matches and. with the exception of stout
Fred Butz, fhow (be effect of their hard
training.
Th^ tournament has done a prrat deal
cf rood for the sport. EVery day the
larfre court !«= crowde.i with players and
the tmoact of the cork ball against the
hard wall Is heard continuously. The poft
ball game also has it? devotee* and the
two courts on the roof are always in de
mand. !i is understood that at the close
Df the hard ball tournament the experts
with the toft ball will be Riven an oppor
tunity to t*M=t their Fkill for a handsome
trophy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDA^Y, JANUARY 29, 1901.
Four Choices Fall; by the; Wayside at
fl&Tanforan |||
Bennett {>
FAST ONES LOSE
TO BILL GARRETT
4
EVERY WOMAN
AUVEBTISSaiENTS. '£
>£<&Uvtsl7 cored by tbete
lAttle Pills.
. IV7 abowlieve Distrcssfroa VjKxp&Z
taSigfstiaa aad Too Hearty Eating. Aper.
fiect rcxikdy fear Diertaess, Nausea, DrcnrsJ.
nesa, Bad Taste in the Btoath, Coated Tcngns
Pain fn the Side. TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowda» . Purely Vegetable. :
8mattPin, Small Dose.
\8maH PglgQ*^
GENTLEMEN: |
Buy your clothes -where you set
the best for your money.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR,
Makes 8in.{»0. 81o.."»0 and i
JH17.50 sult.A which are the best \
In the city. They are all wool and J
make a fine business suit. •
For dress purposes we make you
a suit for #:»O.O(>. S25.0O. ,
SSO.OO, 83^.00 that you can- I
not duplicate In the United States.
A full line of new goods Just In.
Perfect fit and best of workman- ,
ship guaranteed or no sale.
I JOE POHElOiB Tailor,
201 and 203 Montgomery. cor.
Bush; 1110 and 1112 Market St.. S. F.
143 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles. • "
— — — •
t Cured While
You Slssp
In Fifteen Days
"Grmn-«olTent- <lls«olTes Stricture ll*« snow b«-
oeata tho nn. reduceo Kn larked Prostave »n«
Str>n«tb«BS th« Seailnal Ducts, iiopplss Drains ao4
Emissions In Fifteen Days. ,
Wo drnn to mtn the stomaeb, bnt » direct local
and posittTe application to the entire uretbraUrac*
Oran-BolTent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared it
the form of Crayon* or Pencil*, smootli »«<» a«x:bl»
•ad so n»rrow as to pass the closest stricture.
Every Man Should Know Hinuclf.
T»« BV James Am. Box 834. Cincinnati. O.. h.«
yTCMrid a» «re»t expense ao c.ha^M- Pnrrl
*y«tem, whleb Uw wlU send to * n ' rilLsU I
¦ale applicant, s ¦¦•¦¦¦¦
ti ii..u iC^V 2SO EL.M ST..
31. JA.11CO A3J^.« Cincinnati, Ohio,
i IL. EZ-,^^
Any one knows and knows when cured. VTm
have offered a reward of $23 for •« years h»r«
In Los Angeles to any one with Piles who eauld
not be cured with i Box o£ Verus Pile Cvn.
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and wiU pay »ny one su£erlna
with Plies $30 who cannot toe cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record shows o*er 10.000 cured.
Write for Information. Perhaps ws hava you*
retshbor'a testimonial. Price $3. postpaid.
YEEUS PILE CUE CO., EOOI 226, Wilsoa BU
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO.. Wholesale and
Retail Druggists.- Acts.. Fourth and
Spring Sts.. Los Angelc*. Cat.
¦ tV^^^ijfc,, «4» O O
A visit OR- JORDAN'S great
f KOSEUi OF fiHftTOSYJ
\ Hr^ -The Larrctt Anatomical MaMam hi ib« T
M -*"iTni>i World. WefcJiaetM* a* *-^» contnetsd 4
i fS^SS di»«aijp««« tlwl ' 1 ? 31ir<M2 ' 1 y">»«iii9»«x
6 sffK?i C8.«030A.H-PRrfATEC!SHAS£S4
\ »M^Sin Cco«u!!0tioo frio ind jtrittly prtT»t«. \
¦A Bt2wH Tuamem prrsonal^r ft by l*1trr. Afl
V fl Or X| H /•*«»• tW*iaerer]rc»*eumiertaken. \
> B I 11 H WrMfM»ock.PB(LOiHi;»»'««» ( J
9 • li ItI asAuaiAti*;, miito #«aa. i A ¥
X A JL "• valuable boo!: lor mra/ \
7 DJB JOEDA5 A €•.. 1CU Mark«tSt.,a f. f
\SBr230 MARKET ST. aF.^^i^
ji^^^v about the wonderful
4Kt?^M\\\. HAPUn WHIRLING
,#?^^V'A'\ *"ftM» tL SPRAY
tvi'i'i 1 «S*Hrj-i;|ft The new Vaclaal SyriBfe.
Pif ' vS V'.W-fS"' '» Kl Injection and Suction.
IV-!^3^- S^.4* Best-Safest— Most Con-
\-enieIu ItCXeaasei
X^j^K^"^xVr7r>^ Icsttttlj-.
ilk J9ot druulst f cr It . \H f&fflm ' >/ „ l .w}>^ 0 ~~'
Fbr cannot mpply the "''¦''}/' "<2 i
tABVEI*. sctrpt n» V "'S—-^?** —
ther. hot »end ttam^ fcr Clo*- \J,. * g '"''•/,% / '\j
»rticul«r» ad < - *r»iti-n« In-.Tlutb!* (J V'# /S
plinth- ' nAnvri, m..
ton viu'nn «t.. San Francisco.
BHau, Sadler, &Co. 1
i 5ANRANCISC0,CAL. I
HDiSTCi^TERS^iLOS ANGELES. Jan." 28.— Officials of
the new Salt Lake, Los Angelea and San
Pedro road to-day awarded the contract
for the first seventy-five miles of rails to
the Illinois Steel Company. A. northern
contractor of California received a con
tract for C0.000 redwood ties and bids
were opened and considered. for ¦ Fpikes,
bolts, fishplates and other material,' but
action was postponed. - ¦
Lets Contract for Rails.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Jan. 28.— A fatal
shooting affray occurred at Big Bug to
day, in which M. Miller, a miner and
stockman, emptied a load of ; slugs from
a shotgun Into the back of a miner named
Schaif. The latter In repairing a' ditch
used far carrying water for placer mining
(¦polled a road leading into . Miller's - field
and refused to repair It, though repeat
edly requested to do so. This "angered
Miller and he resolved to kill Schaif. - The
latter'a wounds axe fatal?.
Fatal Shooting Affray.)
Youth ' Borrows Horso . and " Saddle to
Follow a Miss and Gets 1
.'.'¦ Into.. Trouble/ _ .. r
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 28.— Love of a Sal
vation Army lassie has^brought
to O. .D. Lee of Santa; Barbara,-^ >The
young woman. Miss Fannie Coney,"- was
stationed at that 'city \ tor' a. long "time.
Recently, she was transferred ' to \ Pasa
dena, and Lee's heart: yearned, for a [Visit
to tha Crown . of _ the ->Valley. ,~ - He . bar
gained for a horse, giving his note In pay
ment'for the animal, borrowed -a" saddle
on the ground that he ."wanted, to; go and
gee hla girl about' six; miles iaway,".:be
strode the beast- and set forth toward love
UNREQUITED LOVE LEADS
O'ER A PATH OF THORNS
HOSPITAL ATTACHES
CONTRACT DIPHTHERIA
Brave Nurses and Interne Down as
Result of Attending a
Patient.
Two nurses and one interne are down
with diphtheria at the City and County
Hospital and grave fears are felt for their
safety. They are Misses Edith Wildes
and Ethel Green and Vr- Louis Saph
They all 'contracted the dreaded disea«x;
through a patient named George Rugglcs,
who is Ftill suffering from it and likely
to die. It is feared that other cases will
develop in the hospital.
The matter was- so serious that It was
especially considered by the Board of
Health yesterday forenoon and it was re-
Folvod to appeal to the Supervisors :o
have a building erected on the hospital
grounds for contagious cases other than
smallpox. One of the unfortunate nurses
is now battling against death In a rickety
election booth.
Th<» Supervisors yesterday afternoon ap
propriated $2500 to be used In erecting such
a building as asked for by the Health
Board. -' . .
It seems fairly certain, according to
downtown rumors, which are not denied
by members of tho firm, that the big dry
goeds establishment of Raphael Weill &
Co.. which has under the name of "The
White House" been a familiar landmark
In the shopping district for many years,
will soon seek new quarters. The store
will be moved. It is said, to the newly
planned Flood building as soon as It is
completed. The new building will be on
the site of the old Baldwin Hotel at Mar
ket and Powell streets. When Been lat>t
ni>;ht Eugene Gailols, first vice president
of the White House firm, tacitly admitted
that the rumor was substantially correct.
Just what will take the place of the
White House is not known, but to old
timers on the parade the corner of Post
and Kearny streets will look strange
without the big store, its windows filled
with fabrics of gorgeous hue, its great
plate glass windows and crowd of eager
buyers.
WHITE HOUSE CORNER MAY
BE VACANT BEFOBE LONG
Rumor That Big Store Will Move
to Projected Flood
Building.
Yangtze River.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28.— The new German
steamer Suishlang was wrecked sixty
miles above Ichang among the rapids of
the Yangtze gorges, according to the
Shanghai Mercury of December 29. and Is
a total loss. All on board were saved ex
cept Captain Breytag. who lost his life
thaf others might live.
The Suishiang was bound from Ichang
to Chungking. It was her maiden triD.
She had on board a cargo of merchandise
and a number of passengers. Including
several missionaries, who were on their
way to resume their labors in the province
of Szechucn.
Captain .Perishes in the Gorges of the
GEBMAN STEAMER LOST.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.— A little more
than a week ago the home of Frank I.
Smith at Santa Anita was one 'of the
model buildings of the San Gabriel Val
ley. The family consisted of the father,
the mother and a son of 4 years. To-day
the child is dead, the mother is In an In
sane asylum and the father in his lone
some home is striving vainly to forget his
grief. Mrs. Smith during a fit of insanity
last Wednesday shot her boy and then
turned the revolver on herself, making an
ugly-looking but not serious wound above
the eye. She was sent to-day to the asy
lum at Highland.
Mrs. Smith had read the accounts of the
Cudahy kidnaping case and worked her
self up to such a stage of fear that her
boy would be stolen that she took his life
"to save it," she said.
Woman Who Killed Her Boy and At
tempted Suicide Is Adjudged
Insane.
MBS. FBANK I. SMITH
GOES TO AN ASYLUM
Pleads Guilty and Gets a Year's
Imprisonment.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.— B. C. Whit
ney, the embezzling Postmaster of Cam
bria, was arraigned before Judge Well
born In the United States District 'Courv
to-day and pleaded guilty. He asked the
court to send him to the San Luis Oblspo
Jail instead of to the Los Angelas Jail.
Whitney is about 60 years of age. and
was charged with embezzling $390 91 and
failing to deposit other funds of the Post
office Department, making the total
amount of his shortage $600. The amount
has been made good to the Government
by Whitney's bondsmen, to whom he
turned over what little property he had.
Whitney Is a cripple and walks with the
aid of two canes. One foot and leg are
badly withered and about half the size of
the other leg. Unlteo. States District At
torney Flint informed the court that there
were extenuating circumstances in the
case of Whitney, which made it hard to
ask for ,,the maximum sentence of ten
years' imprisonment; that the man was a
cripple, had four children and had never
before been convicted of a crime.
Judge Wellborn sentenced him to a
year's Imprisonment and a fine of $390 9L
Ex-Postmaster Whitney of Cambria
COURT SHOWS MERCY
TO AGED EMBEZZLER
GKOCEBY CLERKS MEET.
Twenty-Five Hew Applications Hade
for Membership.
The Retail Grocers' Clerks' Association
met in B'nai B'rith Hall last night. The
members were greatly encouraged by the
announcement by the secretary. of twenty
five new applications for membership.
The association has been in existence
but a short time, but Is now one of the
strongest in the city.
Several communications were read from
interior points, suggesting that the asso
ciation be made a State instead of, as at
present, a local affair. These communi
cations were referred to the executive
committee. While the association has
been daily growing In strength, It was
decided to divide the city into five dis
tricts and appoint commltteemen in each
district to invite all grocery clerks to
Join the organization. The following wefe
appointed on the committee:
First district— P. J. McElroy. H. Palmer.
J. J. Shechan.
Ec cond district— H. J. Hayes, Frank B.
Connelly.
Third district— H. Hammond, C. H. Kcn
drlck. C. A_ Swett.
Fourth district — James Hannon, A.
Hoppe. C. H. Kendrlck.
Fifth dlstrict-E. C. Rust. W. Watkins.
F. A. Gore. :" -..J ""—*
To Close Side Entrances.
SAN, JOSE. Jan. 28.— At the meeting of
the City Council to-day an ordinance was
Introduced closing the ladles' or side en
trances to saloons. : A violation of it Is
punishable by a fine of not exceeding $100
or thirty days in Jatl. The licenses of of
fenders will also be revoked.
Admission to Exercises in Honor of
Queen Victoria Restricted to
Ticket-Holders.
The general committee In charge of the
Queen Victoria funeral service, to be held
next Saturday afternoon at the Mechan
ics* Pavilion, will meet this evening in the
office of Dr. F. YV. d'Evelyn in the Phelan
building, when it is expected that all the
arrangements will be completed. ;
Owing to the great demand for tickets
of admission to the funeral service, the
committee desires to announce that only
holders of invitations will be admitted tD
the pavilion. The suggestion made by th<>
committee that business houses and re
tail stores close on Saturday during the
hours of the service la likely to be gen
erally carried out, many wholesale houses
having signified their intention to pay that
mark of respeci to the late Queen of Eng
i land.
THOUSANDS EXPECTED
AT FTJNEBAL SERVICE
SAN JOSE, Jan. 28.— The Rev. Burr M.
Weeden, rector of- Trinity Episcopal
Church here,' Has received a call from St.
Luke's Episcopal Church, in San Fran
cisco. Rev. Mr. Weeden has been in Ban
Joseabout a year. His congregation was
loth to part with him and made every
effort to retain the young minister, but
at a meetlngof the vestrymen of .Trinity
Episcopal Church tp-nlght Rev. Mr. Wee
den presented his resignation, which was
reluctantly accepted. He will leave San
Jose as soon as . his successor to installed.
Rev. Mr. Weeden recommended . Rev.
C H Mockridge of St.- Paul's -Church of
Water town, N. Y., as his successor here.
The vestrymen at once extended a call
to the Rev. Mr. Mockridge.
Special IMspatch to Ths Call
New Rector Chosen for Si
Luke's Episcopal
Church.
ACCEPTS A SAN
FRANClSCO CALL
A CELEBRATED i CASE." by the
author of the "Two Orphans,"
drew a crowded house at the Cen
tral Theater last night, and the
audience enjoyed the old favor
ite melodrama ¦with much 'applauding of
the hero and heroine and much execration
cf the villain and a display of .wet hand
kerchiefs that caused the sobbing actors
and actresses to smile behind their tears.
For a first-night performance the play
went remarkably well, not a single nitch
occurring through the prologue and the
lour equally as long acts that follow It.
The house rose up on the appearance of
the old favorite, James M. Ward, the
Irish comedian, who not only talks the
brogue naturally, but acts the Irishman
"to the Queen's taste." The rousing re
ception he received brought tears to the
eyes of the veteran. The company fits
the play like a glove. There Is not a
weak character in it. Miss Fay Courtney
as Adrienne. Howard Hall as the un
justly condemned Jean Renaud and Mlron
Leffingwell as the bogus Count de Mor
nay shared the honors of the piece. Lit
tle five-year-old Baby Martine gave a
wonderful exhibition of acting, her enun
ciation being remarkably distinct. "A
Celebrated Case" has caught on.
. California.
Mrs. Fiske began the second week of
her brilliant performance of the name
role in "Becky Sharp" last evening at
the California Theater. A most enthusi
astic house greeted -the -efforts of the
actress in her marvelous rendering of the
philosophical adventuress' part, and the
wiuy speeches which Langdon Mitchell
has given to Thackeray's naughty heroine
were received with a continuous ripple of
laughter throughout- the entire evening.
This is the last week of the play, which
will be followed by Mrs. Flske's earliest
and perhaps greatest success, "Tess of
the d'Urbervilles." "Tess" affords a val
ued opportunity for others In the com
pany, among them Francesca Lincoln, a
California girl, whose Marian has been
much admired by the critics. The sale
of f-eats for "Tess" will begin on Thurs
day morning next.
Tivoli.
The opera "The Fencing Master," with
its pretty scenery, fetching costumes and
new lighting effects, commenced Its sec
ond week at the Tivoli Opera-house last
night. The house was crowded. Ferris
Hartman, Edward Webb, Maud Williams,
Tom Greene. Annie Myers, Bernicc
Holmes and the other principals were
loudly applauded, and encores were num
erous.
Alcazar.
William Gillette's farcical comedy, "All
the Comforts of Home," was appreciative
ly received at the "Alcazar last night.
The play has apparently lost none of Its
popularity, and went with a swing from
the beginning of the first act. _*, j '~V
Frank Curtis, who appeared In San
Francisco for the first time, quite filled
the part of Theodore Bender, a. retired
produce dealer, and got a gratifying re
ception. - .* , . .
As Robert Pittlbone. a peculiarly jeal
ous man. Richard Webster shared with
Miss Juliet Crosby, as Ro3abelle Pltti
bone, his second wife, the clever rendition
of the principal characters.
Howard Scott as Christopher Dabney,
Now the officers of Santa Barbara have
swooped down upon him for embezzling
the saddle. The owner became tired- of
waiting for Its return and swore out a
complaint '(Charging >, him with petit lar
ceny. The '.worst of it all is that the girl
for whose smiles he yearned never recip
rocated his passion. * She is attending
strictly to the sale of War Crys and to
the other duties of her religious engage
ments. . ' : ¦ ¦
¦ •¦¦ ¦-¦»¦•' ' -:.
and sunshine. At Calabasas he left the
saddle as a , pledge of payment for a
night's lodging. Riding bareback for the
rest of the way. Lee arrived safely in the
foothill town and cot a place as dish
washer In a local" restaurant. ' The horse
he staked out on a vacant lot.
Arrangements are comp-leted - for. the
forthcoming appearance of Sousa and his
famous band at the Alhambra for ten con
certs, commencing Sunday, February 10.
There Is a good show at the Olympia
this week .and last night a large crowd at
tested to Its popularity. Querita Vincent
Is singing new songs, which promise to be
big favorites. Mabel . Hudson, the Mor
rlss»es and Anette George are still favor
ites.
'¦ '* •»''
Sousa Coming.
Olympia.
The, headllner at this popular place this
week Is Mile. Esmeralda. the musical
queen, who scored a big hit in her won
derful playing of Liszt's Rhapsodie No. 2
on the xylophone and by her solos on the
aluminum chimes. William de Boe, the
upside-down man. does a daring head
balancing act on the flying trapeze. Bert
liwor, monologist. tells several funny
stories and sings new coon songs. Other
good numbers are Oro, Barnard and Oro,
in their laughable Chinese act; the Al
cedos, sketch artists, and the comic mov
ing pictures.
Chutes.
Charles Erin Verner made his reappear
ance jn this city last night at the. Grand
Opera-house ! In Boucicaulfs comedy
drama. "Arra^gh-na-Pogue."
Grand Opera-House.
"A Midsummer Night's Dream" was
given at the Columbia Theater with Louis
James and Kathryn Kidder in the cast.
The performance had both good and bad
points.
The nine Nelsons, whirlwind acrobats,
are the star attraction at the Orpheum
this week. Their movements are so rapid
and their feats so clever and daring that
the audience Is kept in a fever of enthus
iasm all the time they are on the stage.
Two small boy3 and a" girl are wonders
in their way. The Learner sisters, who
bear a strong: resemblance to two of the
Nelsons, are clever contortionists, and
Lizzie and Vinie Daly are terpsicnorean
artists hard to beat. Foy and Clark ap
pear in a funny sketch, "In the Spring of
Youth," showing the effects- of different
waters upon the body and mind. These
are the newcomers, and the holdovers had
something new. The Montmartrois trio had
two new selections which were loudly ap
plauded last night, and they sang two of
the old favorites. Sam Lockhart made
his baby elephants perform some fresh
tricks, among them the "table "d'hote."
which was clever and amusing. -Swigette
and Clark were as funny as ever in their
sketch. Hacker and Lester, comedy acro
batic cyclists, did a new and daring act,
and Warren and . Blanchard introduced
new songs.
. . , Columbia.
Orpheum.
Miss Marie Howe, as Josephine Bender,
made a- most pleasing Impression, and
from Its reception last night it looks as if
"AH the Comforts of Home" Is assured
a successful run of a week. ¦
an itinerant music teacher, acquitted him
self most creditably, and -James Home,
a protege of Alfred Hastings, a nephew
of Plttibone's. humorously managed by
Lucius Henderson, seemed at home in in
numerable ludicrous situations. j
THE POPULAR IRISH COMEDIAN WHO APPEARED LAST NIGHT AT
BELASCO & THALL'S CENTRAL THEATER IN THE ROLE OF SER
GEANT O'ROURKE IN "A CELEBRATED CASE." .
The communication filed by Joseph W.
Goldstein, with notice of judgment ob
tained against St. Mary's Park fund, was
referred to the City Attorney for his opin
ion as to the power of the board to ap
prove the claim.
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to install twelve coal oil stoves in
the Recorder's office was opposed by
Brandensteln, who held that there would
be danger from fire if they were used.
The resolution was amended so as to di
rect the Board of Works to Install a gas
heating plant to cost $1000.
The application of the Olympic Club to
be allowed to give a boxing exhibition
from January 30 to February 2 was
granted.
The 1 ordinance providing for the con
struction and control of automatic sprink
ler equipments in manufacturing plants
was finally passed.
The ordinance to prevent the manufac
ture and sale of any food adulterant or
preservative was deferred for one week
in order to give the packing interests an
opportunity to be heard.
The resolution providing for the erection
of a nurses' building in connection with
the City and County Hospital, at a cost
of $2000, was finally passed.
The Mayor's veto of the ordinance reg
ulating the use of streets for the pur
pose of placing therein pipes and other
conduits was sustained. An amended ord
inance was passed to print which com
plies with the charter in that it compels
the Board of Public Works to perform
the ¦work of tearlne: up the streets for
purposes other than the laying of pipes
lor supplying light and water.
The ordinance establishing _ regulations
for the construction and maintenance, of
dairies was passed to print. Hotaling op
posed its passage because it was intro
duced at the request of the Milkers' Un
ion. The ordinance requires dairy owners
to provide clean quarters for their milk
men and forbids the taking of milk from
any cow not in a clean condition.
The board reconsidered the ordinance
extending the pound limits to the county
line, which was defeated at the last meet
ing. The measure was finally passed on
reconsideration, after Comte had spoken
in favor of It, by the following vote:
Ayes — Booth, Brandensteln, Braunhart,
Comte, Connor, Hotaling, McCarthy, Staf
ford, Tobln and Wilson; noes— Boxton,
Curtis, D'Ancona, Dwyer and Jennings.
Braunhart's ordinance fixing the rate of
etreet car fare to be charged to pupils
attending public and private schools at
2^2 cents was finally passed by the Board
of Supervisors yesterday. The measure
will not become a law. however, until
the Mayor has affixed his signature there
to. The vote on final passage was taken
without any comment, ft being as fol
lows: Ayes— Booth, Boxton, Branden
stein, Braunhart, Comte, Connor, Curtis,
D'Ancona, Dwyer, Tobln and Wilson;
noes— Hotaling. Jennings, McCarthy and
Stafford.
Pound Limits Are Extended to the
County Line— Regulations for
Maintenance of Dairies
Are Adopted.
0rdinanc8 Is Finally Passed
bj the Board of Super
visors.
PUPILS TO RIDE
FOR HALF FARE
Ordinance Granting Site for State
Ncnnal School to Be Reconsidered.
Provision for Inspection of
Gasoline Engines.
?
Assessor Dodge's expensive cabinet
¦which is to be used in connection, with the
new "card Eystem," which has thus far
proved impracticable in his office, was the
r-ubject of discussion at the meeting of
i he Board of Supervisors yesterday. The
matter came up when a resolution was
introduced authorizing the payment of
Jia» in addition to the original cost of 5208.
as bid by the lirm of Payot. Upham & Co.
Hen Upham endeavored to explain the ap
plication for the increased allowance, but
with poor success. Deputy Assessor
Ginty stated that the firm had bid on
specifications as originally prepared by
him, but these had been changed by a
specialty company at his instigation.
Ciinty -would not answer when Supervisor
Stafford asked him why he had not re
ferred the matter to the board when the
sj>ec»:cations were changed. It developed
th«±t the cabinet had. been ordered by the
Priming Committee, though the Building
ComrrJttee was the proper body to make
the authorization. The cabinet is to be
I>aid out of the urgent necessity fund,
though it can hardly be considered an
urgent necessity, as xt has not yet been
put In actual use. The resolution, autnor
lzlng the additional expenditure of $KS
was dtfeated.
Another erroneous assessment levied by
Assessor Dodge was corrected by the
adoption of a resolution reducing the levy
of $7000 on the estate of Angus tH. McMil
lan to iZjir: The difference represents the
assessed valuation cf solvent credits er
roneously duplicated on the roll and en
tered under the bead of personal property.
Supervisor McCarthy directed attention
to two demands for the refunding of
duplicate poll. taxes to James Palmer and
Robert Irishman, which the Auditor re
luses to audit. The Auditor, while recog
nizing the justice of the claims, contends
that they call for the sum of J4. whereas
only *3 40 went into the States coffers, j
The other CO cents is in the city treasury I
tfr.d represents the Assessor's commls- <
£io;is lor collecting the taxes. The amount
is included In some $13,000 which the Su- :
preme Court is to decide whether it be
longs to the city or to the Assessor. Me-
Carthy introduced a resolution directing
that when poll taxes are to be refunded
the Assessor be directed to turn over the
commission to the Treasurer.
The ordinance granting ar.d transferring
a lot of land adjoining the Girls' Hign
tSchool on u'Karrell street for use as a site
whereon to erect the San Francisco State
Normal School was rereierred to the Judi
ciary Committee. State Normal School
Trus:«v» Cooney will appear before the
committee to discuss the legal phase of the
ordinance. Brandenstein asked that such
fcetion be taken, as there is some doubt
whether the board has the right to trans
it r the site, there being a Supreme Court
decision which holds that the board has
i:ot the power.
The resolution memorializing the Legis
lature to pass the act appropriating $100,
(*M fur the construction of a normal school
building was referred to the Judiciary
O inm:ttee.
The sum of JGOOO was appropriated from
the urgent necessity fund to furnish with
ct-!!s, interior fittings and office apparatus
the Mission police station.
The ordinance providing for the inspec
tion of steam boilers and gasoline engines
by the Fire Marshal every three months
was passed to print.
Clitup Harbour was appointed to revise
the ordinances to comply with the charter
iii a salary of $100 per month for four
months.
The Park Commissioners were author
ized to improve Bernal Park and to draw
on the fund of J25CW for the work.
The board adjourned, to meet on Satur
day afternoon at 2 o'clock to take up the
¦water rate Investigation.
Original Bid on Assessor's
Expensive Cabinet
to Stand.
BOARD REFUSES
TO RAISE DEMAND
ganization of Sacramento Lodge Xo. 2. I find
by looking over the roll that there is no
brother now living who assisted in the organ
ization of Sacramento Lodge, on January 28,
1851. I Joined the order by initiation on the
2Sth day «l January. 1853. forty-eight . years
ago, and I regret to say that there 13 not an
other member now living who was a member
at that time. I have also examined the ros
ter of California Lodge No. 1, of San Fran
cisco, and I find that no member now living
was a member of that lodge In 1833.
I fine from tradition that Odd Fellowship
had its bpglnnnlng in the year A. D. 55..- It
was. first established by the Roman soldiers.
In the camp In that year, during the reign of
Nero.' They were called Fellow I Citizens. In
the j'^ar 79 Titus Caesar gave them the name
of Odd Fellows, from their singularity of no
tions, and from their knowing each other by
day or night, and for their fidelity to him
and their country he not only gave them the
name of Odd Fellows, but at the same time,
as a pledge of friendship, presented them with
a .'llipensation, engraved on a plate of gold,
leaiins different emblems, such as the sun.
moi.n, stars, the lamb, the lion, the dove, and
the emblems of mortality, and most of these
emblems are In use In our order to-day.
The first account of the order being spread
- In other countries'ls In the fifth century, when
. It was established In the Spanish dominions,
and In the twelfth century it was established
In France— and afterward, .by De Novllla, in
J'nglana. attended by five knights from France,
who formed a Loyal Grand Lodge of Honor
In • London, which order remained "until the
eighteenth century (In the reign of George
III), ufe*n a part of them began to form
themselves Into a union known as the Man
chester Unity, which is really the parent of
the Incependent Order of Odd Fellows in our
own country. .
The first meeting of the order in California
was held In San Francisco, In 1847, at the
Portsmouth House. This lodge had a member
ship of thirty in 1848. but on the discovery of
gold every member left for the mines. Their
building and regalia . were ' destroyed by fire
and the by-laws and constitution Io3t. This
lodge never had a charter.
In the latter part of 1848 another lodge was
Instituted under the same name. California
No. 1, and this lodge was the first' to receive
a dispensation.
As you. know, our lodge was the second
lodge organized in the State of California,
fifty years ago to-day.
On August 20, 1849, a general meeting was
held of all Odd Fellows in this city to take
measures - 'or , the relief of the sickness and
destitution prevalent to a frightful degree In
their midst. The city government was power
leF" — had, in fact, scarcely made an effort to
do anything. Hundreds were sick, lying In
their blankets. An association of sixty mem
bers was formed, .with A. M. AVinn as presi
dent, and they worked nobly and sacrificed
their time for the cause to . which they had
pledged themselves. Their labor and self
denial, their kindly syirpathles and ready aid
form one of the few bright spots in that era
of supreme selfishness.
An Odd Fellows' and Masons' hospital was
afterward erected at- a cost of $36,000. and It
is estimated that the association . spent not
less than $200,000 in charitable purposes during
1849.
Taken Into consideration that all of the pio
neers came to California to dig gold and re
turn home, as the people now go to Alaska
to dig gold and return home, too much praise
cannot be given to the early Odd Fellows and
Masons of California, who fed the hungry,
clothed the naked and burled the dead. - . .
On May 17, 1S53, the past grands of eight
lodges met and formed the Grand Lodge of
California. In 1S98 we had 386 lodges in Cal
ifornia, all in a flourishing condition, and more
have been organized since 1S93, the number
of which I do not knew. .
In September, 1851, the Rebekah Degree of
Odd Fellowship was authorized through the
efforts of Schuyler Cclf ax. In the year 1S97
the Rebekahs of the Grand Jurisdiction of
America expended J51.0CO In relief. This rep
resents only a portion of the work done as
benevolence and human sympathy cannot be
estimated In dollars and cents.. The Orphans*
Home at Gllroy, dedicated October 27, 1S37,
is "a lasting monument to the Daughters of
Rebekah.
¦The Odd Fellows' Home at- Thermalito was
dedicated on January 26, 1S95. This home pro
vides a home for those brothers who have
been . overtaken by sickness or ¦ old age and
glvts them a home where, they can spend their
declining years In peace and happiness.
Brothers, I will say : In conclusion that at
the centennial celebration of Sacramento Lodge
No. 2, fifty years from now. that I will not be
here, but' I hope that some, of the brothers
may live to be present at that time and will
speak a good .word for the absent ones who
have joined the large majority and who tried
to fulfill our duties to our Maker and our kind.
The celebration closed with a splendM
banquet. -.. . ¦ • '
SACRAMENTO, Jon. 2S.-The fiftieth
anniversary of the institution of Sacra
mento Lodge Xo. 2. Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, 'was celebrated In this city
to-night with exercises and festivities that
promise to remain long remembered . in
the annals of Odd Fellowship in this
State. Odd Fellows'. Temple at Ninth and
K : streets, one of the largest and most
substantial buildings in the city, "was the
scene of a reception, at which there were
present a number, of the -grand, officers
of , the order and hundreds of members
of the lodges In this city, and surrounding
localities. Among the grand officers. were:
W. .W. Watson of San Francisco, Vrantl
master; AVilliam Nicholls Jr. 'of Dutch
Flat, deputy grand master; M. G. Gale of
Red Bluff, grand warden;- George T.
Shaw of Sa"n Francisco, .grand secretary;
James W. Harris of San Francisco, grand
treasurer. - ¦ .' . ..,-¦",
An interesting feature of the programme
was the reading: of the old form "of ritual
of the order, which proved something of
a revelation to the younger members.
"William Beckman, president. of the Peo
ple's Bank of this city and former. Rail
road Commissioner, was one of the most
interesting personages present. Mr. Beck
man has the distinction of being the old
est Odd Fallow in the State, based upon
the date of a member's admission to the
organization 4n California. Mr. Beckman
delivered an address which dealt with in
teresting phases of the history of Odd Fel
lowship in this State. He spoke in part as
follows:
This is the fiftieth anniversary of the or-
Sr»cclal Dispatch to The Cfell
William Beckman, Oldest Member of
the Order in This State, Gives
a Review of Its
• History.
Sacramento Lodge Number
Two Cilebrates Fiftieth^
Anniversary.
ODD FELLOWS
MAKE MERRY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1901.
OLD-TIME MELODRAMA
CLEVERLY PRESENTED
"A Celebrated Case" .Wins Plaudits' at tlie
Central Theater — Mrs. Fiske Begins
Second "Becky Sharp" Week.
5
BCTTLE CURES
/ MCBURNEY'S
CpA *yW A thorough cure for
bij . " f pains in the back,
VL JL BRICHT'S DISEASE,
-24 Vv- female troubles, incon-
tluence Of urine, brick dnst deposit*, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabeto*. an«i Thpnmatlsm. . . .
. FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DftUG CO., 112S Market St..
AND AT 1 :
DAHLBESDER UltUG CO.. 214 Kearny St..
j Send 25c In 2c stamps to'W. F. McBurney.
413 S. Spring st.. Los Anjr*!**. Cal.. for S
days' treatment. Prepaid t\ 50. Druggists.
pR,MEYERS&CO« Jf9%
Specialists. Disease %kj&T tf
and weakness of Jk5{# ' j&to
men. Established /vw *^7&0v*\
1S81. , Consultation Wm X2J0
and " private-, book vi«?ft, \ jCtm* 1
free, at otnee or by wi^'ji i£S!3l*.
mail. Cures guar- WliTw^T^^
ket street veievator .jf^Tgfc^vffl
tntrance), . San y^Nv/fpS"3#3v.
Francisco. -j^^l^Vifer^sBtSas •
DR. HALL'S StIN YIQOHATOEST^^
Five hundred reward' for any *St5«
case we cannot cure. This secret &•"¦ >**3
remedy itopa all losses In 24 hours. M
cures Emissions, Impoter.cy. Varl- »73 RSaj
coccle. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, rt* tr»fl\
Strictures. 'Lost Manhood and all ¦ .\'K tW!J
wasting effects of self-abuse or pt5J3_«s2
excesses. Sent sealed, }2 bcttle; 3 M»CSXat2i3
bott!es. |5;. guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Sii
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 10TJ -j
Market ft. S. F. All private* diseases quickfy
cured. Send for free book. -
itJjg^sgB^tek RUPTURE
jWSKTv 4 ,/<_**" "-¦'¦^S&a cannot be cured by
\T&S>£r i ~S^ S&&V lotions, com-
fiK^!5^X^v-*^W»ji^ men trusses, or
tl—^^aMttjESf-T*^ • "Quack" • operations.
H— <55R^V 7 "DR-" PIEF * CE ' S MAGNETIC
H /JftX ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
U /ffP< ft'ent It does the worK'
\ . C7-BOOKLET NC. 1" elves
; full information. Call • or writ*
' MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
. G2U Market at. (opp. Palac* Hotel). S. F. '
0 1 rr PI fl\# HI' Corner Fourth and
1 ALL 111 IV A I Market. S. F. Try
I . U r r n 1 1 1 U I our s p* ciai Brew -
Will L IIU I IlL- .Steam and Laser.
, ... ' . , ¦ ... 5c Overcoats' and
., ¦ ¦'¦ . valises checked fre«
1 d3fe n BKI A Laflln A Rand Waterproof
O| HnaS vi Smokeless Powder. In bulk
H g | a 8ryi >^ and loaded in shells. Send
Ban Olfll 1 for catalogue of sporting
«J 3 1 %7 E° ods - GE(X w - SHREVE.
'.j' ' 739 Market street.
Weak Men and: Women,
SHOULD ' USE ' DAMUSA BITTERS. THE!
Mexican 'remedy* ¦¦ gives I health and
•trength to sexual organs. * Depot. JI3 Market.
VDR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For ' the '¦ cure * o£ * GONORRHOEA. ¦ GLEETS.
STRICTURES and anal complaints of th*
. lTi;e tl a. bcttle. For Bale by dru exists.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hospitals in bur great cities are sad.places to visit.
Three-fourths of the patients lying on those snow-white,
beds are women and girls.
Why should this be the case ?
Because they have neglected themselves.
; Every one of these patients in the hospital beda-had'plenty
of warning in that bearing-down feeling, pain at the left or
right, of the womb, nervous exhaustion, pain in th© small of
the back. All of these things are indications of anamhealthy
condition of the ovaries or womb.
What, a terrifying thought ! * these poor souls are lying
there on those hospital beds awaiting a fearful operation.
Do not drag along at home or in your place of. employ-
ment until you are obliged to go to the hospital and submit to
an examination and possible operation. ; Build up the female
system, cure the derangements which have signified them-
selves by danger signals, and remember that I/ydia E,
Pinkham's vegetable Compound has saved thousands
of women from the hospital. Read the letter here published
with the »full consent of the writer, and see how she escaped
the knife by a faithful reliance on Mrs. Pinkham'seadvice.
and the consistent treatment of her medicines. ¦
Mrs. Knapp tells of her Great Gratitude.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I have'received much benefit from using your
Vegetable Compound and Sanative Wash. After my child was born, blood
¦ : -'. ' ' poison set in, which left me with granulated in-
[ ¦ g-.jgfa.gtu. f fl amma fci on °* the womb and congested ovaries.
fsSjS^PvFs&fc^ h a( l suffered from suppressed and painful
JUj^^p&^^Sj):^- menstruation from a girl. The doctors told me
ffi^^^^^-^^«^r^ *h e ovaries would have to be removed. I took
¦^^^df^^'^gjxJ: treatment two years to escape an operation,
*?$£^V^r^3s^4 j£ l k"* 1 still remained in miserable health in both
i^^ffl (s> body and mind, expecting- to part with my
• TOjIiiPr \\ reason with each coming- month. After vising
' " jfflrRlr \ \ °. ne b°^ e °* *ke Compound, I became entirely
S*lb ; ¦ ' rid of the trouble in my head. I continued to
vm^A *£5\ use your remedies until cured.
/&$$&$ j "The last nine months have been passed in
/^£&^?^^55— jpy^ perfect g-ood health. This. I know. I owe en-
tirely to Lvdla IS. Pinktiara's Vegc-
4z^$§&*%^^*v> table Compound.
¦^rP^-^-^^^V* 2vL- "My gratitude is great indeed to the one to
MRS. F.M. KNAPP I whom so many women owe their health and
... .... . . ~~ i happiness." — Mes. F. il. Kjtafp, 152S Kinnic-
kinnic Avenue, Milwaukee, Wis.
&& 533 /J?£l iSSDt £tS£m 5^ EP 1 %ft_^ A RJ Pi Owin;j to the fact that »orne tkefitical
>lk 13 Sm» I5l*3 Hb «f* &• ww Ba Ib U 3 P^P' 6 h^'.'e from time tu time questioned
fin?\ 3 23 K ill PS t? we a . re co ° si *atly publishing, we have
i tg •** r' M |g R3 Jr. deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass.. $5,000,
fl ri 'g i^E3t''tt which will be paid to any person who will shoir that the aboTe
tjLjy *'$¦'*} HSV *S« testimonial is net genuine, or was published b-fore obtaining the
.;. 'Sgiy 1 vX2J'.\fJ/ writer's special permission.— Lvdia E. Pinxham Mssicixs Co*
ST. VALENTINE'S DAYJ;
We hope will .bring us many new orders
for laundry .work. Drop us a line at any
time, and we will call for your soiled
linen/ and send It- home with such a"per-
fect finish and beautiful color upon It that
your Valentine will only be too, glad to
lay her head upon your shirt front.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts' If
you order It.
No saw edsres. . '. r. -.J .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street. '
Telephone— South 4-2O.' .• ';
Oakland Off lce-62 .San Pablo Ava
ft^FSSSfoftM w BI * ** ls » non-pelwyaoia
j&y3&&t M *^bZM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
>fJ!S^'cCliEt>^f« Oleet. S p«r matoi rhor*.
iJ5#*yin 1 to6d»T».^3l White*. onnaUnl di3-
iSitoU ¦ Goiraatnd xj cb.irgi , or anr inlLwasja-
£r&2f not ia itrtotar-. . tlon. l ritatiuQ or ulcerv
K» "g.'r.nnu conmnoo. tioa f mncom mem*
5?J'»4rKEEMi 1 i3CnE«!CuCo. traD»s. Xon-aatrinjient.
*Sg%. CINSISNiTJ.0 .S?v3l Sold by DrucslBU.
\Sffflk. C 8.4 jZZHr or ifat Ja P !v ' n wrapper,
' JSvflCn^ irf^Ti by csprt-ps, prepaid, for
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
; .on Application.. ,
COAL. COKE A.ND PIQ IROM.
J C W II ft m 9ca Battery Strsrt.
J->- fflLDU.l g WU-. Telephone Mala ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RJIYF^ fe ft) Si»iPPtn» Butchers. 104
Jit J- OU I C3 U VU- Clay. Tel. Mala 12M.
OILS.
L.UBRICATTNO OILS. LEONARD ft KLLJ3.
.418 Front it.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO.
E. c- HDGHES. H1 y .
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDPCO..
H. First at.. Ssn FrandKo.
. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telesrraphle PADTDITMiP !CS California
Code*. rAflHUUUE • . »tr««t.
WfflTE ASU STEAM COAL. ?£Z B § LA &
DIAMOND COAL. MIN1KG CO.. at Jt» OREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, ia the B«st Coal la til*
market. ODct and Yard*— CO Mmta street.
1 j| I'm going to quit the shoe business. I am 8^18
yL e! advanced; in years, sick and tired, of business. W M
l.wr^'M I want to get out, so to-morrow' I'll start ' 1 l|
B"i a sale to close out every shoe in my store at m ' : - «
m § prices that are bound to do ;it. Watch papers |' M
f 1 Richard pahlj 11
|i \ ' ;324 KEARNY; ST., Near Bush.: TAUNCLE' SAM (AFTKR CAREFUL SCRUTINY TO THE, OTHER INTER-
GENTLEMEN): "THEY SAY THEY'VE SIGNED IT, BUT
I HAVE THEY ?"-INDI AN APOLIH NEWS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— T. Dlckson o?
San Francisco and A. G. Steuder of San
Diego are at the National ; G. ,W. Max
well and wife : of Ix>s • Angeles, C. Knapp,
H. C.'Ke.ller,.Sf M. Shortrldge and George
Stone ' * of 't San i. Francisco ' and , Edmund
Burke of Los Angeles are at the Raleigh;
J. KelVer of Oakland is at the 'Arlington.
CAUTOTtNIANS IN WASHINOTON
YoungrLady-Glve me on© yard of—why!
haven't*I seen you before? .
Shop ri, Assistant— Oh ! : Maude, can '< you
have forgotten me? I -saved your life at
the seaside last summer? ¦
Young lady, (warmly— Why, of course,
you did!' You may, give me two yards of
this ribbon, please.— Tit-Bits.-.
/The young member of the San Francisco delegation
to the . State Assembly , who tried the other 'day to
trick some of the "older members Is probably
vinced now. in his- failure that-theffine^ art of/legisla
tive"tricjeery; like'othe'r fine arts, cannot be learned -in
a day k. •'-''¦¦ /•.¦-¦'¦--< ¦• >¦•; ¦¦< > ¦•> '.¦•,¦¦- .. -:,'»;'.. ; -. .¦¦"•
The young rascal of this city who admits that he
is a- bigamist, says that he does not care what be
comes of ; him. He may be assured that this is the
only particular part of his affairs in which the public
sympathizes and hopes that his" despondency may in,
jail feed upon itself. • .
Elvira (showing Pearl her photograph)—
Awful; isn't it? ...-.,-?. ,*\ f .
Pearl— Yes; but it's a splendid likeness.—
Stray Stories.".". • ,"-;¦ ¦¦¦--¦ ¦¦ .-,.*-
CAUFORNIANS I1T NEW YORS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2S.— The Calif ornlans
in New York are: From San Francisco—
R. J. Alden, at Imperial; A. H. Boomer,
at Gilsey; W. T. Backley, at Sturtevant;
Mrs. C B. Dexter, at Albert; Mrs. F. W.
Draper, at Park Avenue: M. S. Hewes, at
St. Denis; C' Hickmott. at Gerard; M.
Hoone. at Astor; H.E."' Huntington. at
Netherland ; J. Jacobs, at j Normandle ; a.
Karle, at Gerard; J. ; Leszynsky, at Xor
mandie: E. Murphy, at Imperial; H. Perin,
at Herald Square; Miss A. L. Stone, at
Victoria ; G. F. Sheolin, at Park \ Avenue ;
G. Q. Chase, L. Kohnan* E. Kern, F. 8.
Owles, at Herald Square; A. R. Whitmore
Jr., at St. Cloud.
From Los Angeles— "W. Woodard, at Im
perial. .
- From San Jose— L. Sonneksen, at Her
ald Square.
The Prima Donna (after the first act) — I
won't go on again unless that box party
make? less noise! I nearly had hysterics!
Tho Manager (In surprise)— I didn't hear
any noise.
The Prlma Donna— You didn't? Why,
they encored that upstart of a contralto
four times!— Puck.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"What is the- law of compensation T*
?'Well, hero's how it is: The things -w«
don't want ara gi v ®n " 3 to console us for
our lack of thu things w© want."—An
swers. ;.• :\'\!
Time is a scandal monger;
Alas! we lenow it well.
Though we may guard our secrets,
Old time- will surely tell. —Fan.
"The fact la," said the fat man, "I mar
ried because I was lonely as much as for
any other reason. To put it tersely, I mar
ried for sympathy." "Well," said the
lean nrfln, ''you have mine."— Stray
Stories. : ...;-^ vi.v.
"Why haven't you congratulated that
bridal couple?" •
. "Can't do it! I can't congratulate her
because I know him. and I can't congrat
ulate him because I knew her!" — Der
Floh.
"They say the cigarette habit la on the
wane."
"Yes. But no doubt you'll -find a corre
eponding Increase in other forms of. men
tal aberration.— Philadelphia State Jour
nal. '*' ;
"What do you find in that stupid old pa
per to keep you so busy?" petulantly
asked Mrs. Youngeouple.
"I was Just looking at the money mar
ket." he answered.
"Oh, do they have a money market? Are
there ever any bargains?"— Indianapolis
Press.
Dr Ende— There's nothing serious the
matter with Patsy. Mrs. Mulcahey.- I
think a little soap and water will do him
as much good as anything. _•
Mrs ilulcahey — Yis. docther; an •will
OI give It t' him befoor or afther bis
males?— Leslie's Weekly.
PERSONAL MENTION.
William H. Bonsall, director of the Old
Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica, is at the
Grand.
Judge F. M. Angellotti of San Rafael is
at the Occidental.
Circuit Judge W. B. Gilbert of Portland
is at the Occidental.
David Starr Jordan registered at the
Occidental yesterday.
Captain G. E. Ide of the United States
navy is registered at -the Grand.
Dr. J. L. Dlxon of New York is among
yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
Mrs. J. A. Nordln. proprietor of the
springs at Sonoma, is at the Grand. ¦
S. Rummelsberg. a Colusa merchant,' Is
stopping at the Grand for a few days.
~ W. J. * Sharwood, a mining man of
Marysvllle, Mont., is registered at the Oc
cidental. . '
C. L. Canfleld, general agent of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, has re
turned from Chicago and other 'Eastern
points.
Colonel A. B. Hotchklss, editor of Pub
lic Economy, published in Los Angeles, is
in this city for a few days. He is stopping
at the Lick.
Carlton C. Crane and John A. Gill, Pa
cific Coast representatives of the New
Tork Central lines, leave to-day on a
business trip through ¦ the San Joaquin
Valley. ' *>^.
Major and Mrs. O. E. "Wood will give a
reception to Alfred E. Buck, United States
Minister to Japan, -and his wife in the
Occidental Hotel parlors this afternoon
from 4 to S.
Captain II. T. Smith, treasurer of th«
Southern Pacific, who has been quite seri
ously ill, was able to go out for a short
walk yesterday. / He hopes to be able to
be at his office the last of the week.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AXTE MERIDIAN— G. H, I., City. The
abbreviation a. m. is from the Latin ante
meridian, before noon, and p. m. the ab
breviation of post meridian, from the
same language, meaning afternoon.
JACKRABBITS— J. G. S.. Tule Lake.
Or. This correspondent wants to know
if any reader of this department can fur
nish "a successful method of poisoning
Jackrabbits, which are the greatest pest
we have to deal with up here."
ELECTRICAL STORMS-J. W. B.. San
Luis Obispo, Cal. The recent electrical
storms which passed over San Francisco
extended to Alameda and Frultvale, in
Alameda fiounty. The wind storms were
not so severe there as they were in San
Francisco. Electrical storms are not con
fined to a small territor— like Frultvale,
but extend over a great territory-
ABANDONMENT— Reader, Dutch Flat,
Cal. At any time after six months from
entry and before the expiration of the
required five years of residence to per
fect title to a homestead under the
United States law, if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the Land Department
that the settler has changed his residence
or abandoned the land embraced in -his
homestead entry for more than six
months at any time, such entry, will l>e
canceled and the land revert to the
Government, . when another entry may
be filed upon it.
RURAL. FREE DELIVERY— S., Pa
checo. Cal. The following are the govern
mental instructions in regard to the estab
lishment of free rural delivery:
Present a petition, addressed to the First
Assistant Postmaster General, signed by those
who desire the service. This petition should
be signed only by heads of families and should
mention the number in each family. It should
get forth the natore of the country where the
delivery Is desired, whether densely or Bparnelv
populated. the principal avocations of the peo
ple, the. character of the roads and the dla
tancea which under existlnr conditions each
patron has to travel to receive his mall, and
should be accompanied wherever possible by a
rough map indicating: the route or routes pro
posed. TWa • petition, when properly signed,
should be sent to your Representative in Con
gress or to one of your Senators, with a re
quest that he Indorse thereon his recommenda
tion of the service . asked, and forward the
petition to the department. The free deliv
ery of walls in rural districts is not to rrant
a suburban delivery^to cities Included in the
free delivery service, nor to establish a village
free delivery. , Tie purpose of th« system Is *©
give postal facilities to those who have none;
to carry the mails daily to remote rural com
munities, the residents of which would other
wise have to travel from two to twelve miles
to receive their letters and newspapers. Ths
roads must be good. This Is an essential pre
requisite to any investigation. Xo route can
be established that Is less than SO to 23 miles
In" length I or which serves lesa than 100 fam
ilies. The route should be arranged that the
carrier will not be required to . travel o\'er the
fame ground twice on the same day. These
desiring the delivery must be prepared to put
up at. their own expense at some convenient
location which can be. reached by- the carrier
without dismounting from his* buggy appro
priate and secure boxes for the receDtlon of
the United States malls. Rural carriers an
not required to deliver mall *r> houses standing
back from the main road* /The service is one
of mutual accommodation, and the patrons are
expected to meet the department half way in
affording facilities for its establishment.
It does not necessarily follow that a
postoffles i need be discontinued because
the • rural free delivery route passes by
such office, but if it does, it generally re
duces the receipts of the office to such an
extent that sooner or later it Is discon
tinued for lack of patronage. - People
.will not travel any great distance to re
ceive mall from the postofflce when it can
be delivered at their door. It generally
takes frofn sixty to ninety days from the
time the petition 1* pent In till the route
asked for is established. Much depends
on tho amount of business on "hand. The
petitions are taken up in the order of fll
ingr. except E in cases where taken out of
order by special- request of Senators or
Congressmen in their district M d© la
Montanya Is the special agent for the Pa
cific Coast, or as It is called the Western
division. His headquarters axe at Denver
Colo. ' ' . . '•
e QUESTION OF DATES.
OUR esteemed contemporary the New -York
Times directs attention to the fact that if we
are going to be accurate in the matter of
c'ates we must celebrate Washington's birthday dur
ing this century on February 24 instead of February
¦22. The argument is that in this century the differ
ence between the Gregorian calendar and the Julian
calendar amounts to thirteen days, and since Washing
ton was born February 11, old style, in 1732, the anni
versary of his birth falls on the 24th.
The Cause of the shifting of the date is that in the
Gregorian calendar the leap year intercalation is
omitted three times in every 400 years, while there
was no such omission provided in the Julian sys
tem. When Gregory established his calendar in thf.
sixteenth century there was a difference of ten days
between the new style and the old. The year 1700 was
a leap year in the Julian calendar, but a common year
in the. Gregorian, so in' the eighteenth century the
difference between the two was eleven days.. The same
combination occurred in i§oo, and during the nine
teenth century the difference was twelve days, and
finally, as the year 1900 was not a leap year in pur
calendar but was a leap year in the old style, there. i»
one more day to be added to the increasing divergence
between the two, and we have now the" thirteen re
ferred to. . -,--_-,--
The introduction of this subject affords an oppor
tunity for those who delighted in the controversy con
cerning the date of the beginning of the century to
have another lively lot of calculations and confu
sions over the question of the anniversaries of events
which took place before the adoption of the new cal
endar.
By way of avoiding the confusion and shifting datei
it has been suggested that we adopt a conventional
date for the celebration of the birthday of Washing
ton and make it the 226. of February, regardless of the
variation of time. The same thing could be done alio
with other anniversaries of the kind, such as the
birthday of Franklin, which is» celebrated in some
States, the discovery of America"and the foundation
of our older colonial settlements. ; . - .. • '
Unless a conventional fixed date be agreed upon
Americans : are'Jikely to see strange things ; in the far
distant future. Thus the Times says: "If we make
Washington's* birthday a movable feast to keep- pace
with the slow procession » of the true anniversary,, in
about, 17,300 years Washington's birthday! would fall
on the Fourth of July." ; •
What kind of a combination hoiiday'would that be?
The very -''intimation of it is liable to produce confu
sion and perplexity in the minds v of those .who find
pleasure in looking ahead. It is to be hoped the mat
ter will be promptly settled by the general observance
of February 22 as Washington's birthday. There are
times when old dates are better than fresh ones.
PUNISHMENT OF KIDNAPERS.
|T~\EGULARLY with the assembling of the Leg
k-/ islatures of the Eastern States there comes a
revival of "the question of the advisability oi
establishing the whipping-post as a means of punish
ment for certain crimes which in the estimation, of
some people are inadequately dealt with by either fine
or imprisonment That discussion is now going on
at a lively rate in the East owing to the fact that hn
Delaware, where the pillory and the whipping-poit
are used as punishment, there is an agitation to abol
ish them; while-in Connecticut, where they do not
exist, there is a movement-! to establish »the v whip'ping
pqst, if not the pillory..' .."¦- ' ' V; '
The question has had a new, interest added to it
this time by the suggestion that" whipping be used as
a part of the punishmenttproyided for kidnaping." As
was pointed out by The Call immediately after the
Cudahy kidnaping case in Omaha, the existing laws
do not adequately provide for the punishment of that
offense. 'In nearly every State efforts will be made
during the present session of the Legislature to rem
edy the defect, and consequently in the East that issue
has naturally become involved in the whipping-post
discussion.
Judge Baldwin of Connecticut has strongly advo
cated the adoption by that State of the whipping-post
as a punishment for kidnapers who carry off children
with the intent to extort.ransom, and in defending his
proposition is reported to have said: "What are the
objections to such a penalty? That it would be in
human? There is nothing inhuman in using reason
able severity to punish physical outrages. It is s.o T
ciety striking back at the man that gave the first blow.
It is the natural impulse of every man to meet force
by force. That it would be unChristian? For an in
dividual to right his own wrongs in such a way per
haps might be; but the duty of the state to punish
criminal wrongdoers with the heavy hand is nowhere
proclaimed more explicitly than in the New Testa
ment. That it would degrade the kidnaper? De
grade him from what? What is his station, now?
Who is lower, baser, meaner, than the scoundrel who
steals away a child to extort money for his ransom?
That it is going back 1 to the dark ages? For some
things we may well go there and get light." .
A sidelight. upon the question is thrown by reports
that the whipping-post in Delaware causes all the
criminals of that State who if convicted would be
subject to it to leave Delaware and live in Maryland.
The report has stirred up the Marylanders and they
%e now asking one another whether it would be bet
ter to aid the movement for suppressing the whipping
post in Delaware or to establish "one in Maryland, and
so drive the criminals over the border into Pennsyl
vania.
Whether the whipping-post be established or no*,
it is certain something should be done for the punish
ment of kidnapers. It is' not likely the Cudahy af
fair will stand long as an isolated case. The success
of the criminals in obtaining a large ransom and get
ting away will be sure to encourage others to imitate
the example, and as a consequence some fitting pun
ishment for the crime should be provided this winter
in every State where the Legislature is in session.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Honor Among Thieves. .
Alabama kidnapers seem to lack the es
sential elements of honor as manifested
by the Omaha branch of the ilk. In the
Alabama case the father paid the ransom
demanded, but has not yet received bl3
6on In return. Thus -docs the "honor
among thieves" theory get another rude
jolt. — Omaha Bee.
Russian Diplomats Rewarded.
The Czar's presents to hl3 Ministers for
their successful diplomatic efforts touch
ing Manchuria were, of course, not be
stowed with the idea that Russia is to
withdraw from that province. A Russian
sovereign need never be suspected of giv
ing gifts to anybody who assists the Gov
ernment in retiring from captured terri
tory.—Providence Journal.
American Privileges.
It is announced that Delegate TVlleox
will appoint a native Hawaiian as a cadet
at West Point. By the time the unlucky
Kanaka Is "exercised," "eaglpd." called
out to fight a six-footer of the first class,
drinks a bottla of tobasco sauce, is put
through a few "safflmy races." does the
regulation amount of "choo-choolns" and
eats eighty-five prunes at one sitting ha
will begin to have some new ideas about
what it means to b« an American citizen.
—Stockton Mall.
Billions In Electricity.
Six hundred thousand persons are' em
ployed in the electrical Industries of the
United States and th» capital invested la
Eut at the following Immense figures:
treet railways. $1,800,000,000: lighting. $1.
200,000(000; telephony. $300,000,006; telegra
phy. $250 .000 .000; mining, power transmis
sion and plating. $250,000,000; manufactur
ing apparatus. $150,000,000; automobiles and
storage batteries. $23,000,000. This makes
a total of nearly $4,000,000,000. and shows
to what vast extents the electrical busi
ness of the country ha3 grown.—Provi
dence Journal. /.;¦;
Unattached Female Persons.
There is something delightfully and
characteristically, ponderous and solemn
In the title of an article which the Janu
ary Eclectic Magazine prints from the
Scottish Reyiew on "The Redundancy of
Spinster Gentlewomen." By way of deli
cately indicating to the reader his own
versatility In phrasemaklng the author in
another place refers to the problem as
"the surplusage of unattached female
persons among our upper and upper-mid
dle classes." All of which means that the
article has to do with the increase in tho
proportion of old maids in the better
classes of Great Britain.— Sioux City
Tribune.
Pope L«o's Will.
Pope Leo XIII bas made a v&Xl. In It
he has named the Cardinal he prefers as
his successor. A copy oi the document,
sealed, with solemn obligation on the re
cipient not to break the seal until the
Pope's demise, has been personally deliv
ered to each Cardinal present at the re
cent consistory. A copy similarly scaled
and conditioned has been dispatched hy
messenger to each absent Cardinal. Thus
Is created a dramatic suspense of the
keenest Interest to the entire world. He
whom Leo XIII has nominated as his suc
cessor is, therefore, a person of immense
importance to millions and of keen curios
ity to a still l.-rrger proportion of man
kind.—Chicago Chronicle.
The Presidential Succession.
If the President and Vice President were
to die on March 4 Secretary Hay— If he
did not die also— would become acting
President and would, in obedience to law.
convene Congress In extraordinary ses
sion. Congress doubtless would enact a
law for a special election, and until It was
held and a President and Vice President
chosen the Secretary of State wpuld be at
the head of the Government. So, if Bryan
and Stevenson had been elected and both
were to die on March 4 President McKln
ley would go out, but Secretary Hay,
would remain in, and a Republican admin
istration continue until a new election
could be ordered and held. An electloa
would be no doubt, even if one
house were Republican. Public sentiment
would demand a new election. Until it
had been held Democratic office-seekers
would have to possess their souls In pa
tience. — Chicago Tribune.
How Old World Cities Gro-w.
Americans ara accustomed to bellevo
that their cities increase in population
faster than those of any other country.
In this respect, however, we have a strong
rival In Germany. There are now thirty
three cities of the 100,000 class in Ger
many, and some of them, show most as
tonishing growth for the last five years.
Nuremberg, for example, is one of the
oldest towns In Europe, yet It Is growing
faster than any American city of the 100.
000 class did in the last decade. Nurem
berg has gained 9S.&7 peopla stnee 1S35.
or more than €0 per cent. Posen, another
ancient town, did nearly as well, with
58.6 per cent gain. Stettin gained nearly 50
per cent. Halle- nearly 35 per cent, Mann
helm over 43 per cent: Chemnitz. Cassel
and Dortmund nearly 30 per cent; Frank
fort and Kiel 23 per cent. Only one of the
thirty-three in the 100,000 class showed a
decline, and that was very small. Crefeld
had 358 fewer people than on December 1,
1S95.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
shrivel and . fade; away^ at the mafernal fountain gone
dry. The* horrible results 'of that original ' crime 7 of
forgery excel in ; cruelty all ; that- was wrought by the
Mongol conquerors. -Let pure Christianity rise in its
place in the nations and confess the crime committed
in its name and demand Christian justice instead of
unChristian oppression!.- - -
SOME time ago we said that it remained for
some voice of authority in Christendom to de
maiyl justice in China.
BISHOP POTTER'S VIEW.
It is gratifying that the Christian conscience has at
last found expressfon by an authority as respected as
Bishop Potter.
He declares that the cause of the trouble in Chim
criginated with the Christians and not with the p>
gans. It is true that he. does not specify the crime
that is the final cause of the causes that joined in pro
ducing the trouble. That crime was the forgery inter
polated in the treaty of i860 by a Christian mission
ary. We desire to repeat that the treaty clause per
mitting Christian missionaries to operate outside the
treaty ports and to enter and own compounds in the
interior was forged, and that the crime of forgery can
not find more flagrant expression than in the'sophis
tication of a treaty. That is the real cause of the spec
tacle of inhumanity that has appalled the thinking
world.
The student of physics knows that man endangers
his own existence by interfering too much with the
equilibrium of nature. Whether it is by the intro
duction of the water hyacinth in Louisiana, the rabbit
into Australia, the mongoose into Jamaica, the gipsy
moth into New England, or the draining of prairie
ponds in the Mississippi Valley, the deforestation of
the Sierras, or the washing down of mountains by
hydraulic mining, the disturbance of natural equili
brium brings loss and punishment.
In like manner the rude interference with conditions
in an old-established civilization like that of China
brings loss and punishment to those who interfere.
Why should we man-el that the Chinese resent com
mercial desecration of their sacred places and the vio
lation of their tombs?
The Christian world planned and carried out three
bloody crusades to rescue from the keeping of the
Saracen the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem. And cen
turies later the Christian nations themselves grappled,
in the Crimean war, over the question of, exclusive
jurisdiction of the same place, which is the holy
ground of the Christian world. Ships bring in. loads
of loot, rich spoils, taken from Chinese owners. A
petty lawsuit in this State discloses the»watch of the
Empress Dowager in the possession of an American.
We have' not been at war with China. No American
has the least shadow of moral or legal right to the
possession of a single penny's worth of Chinese prop
erty, as the spoil of a war that is not, and has never
been. . . . • .
As the Bishop puts it, these acts are not a happy
translation to pagans of the basic principles of Chris
tianity. .
Our administration at Washington has striven, "often
in the face of unjust attack, for the application of
the principles of justice to a Chinese settlement. The
first indorsement of its efforts to that end is now
uttered from the right quarter. We hope that Bishop
Potter's example will be speedily followed by'others,
and that the churches will declare that forgery,
vengeance and slaughter, are not among the methods
of the church," used for advancement of the kingdom.
Not only in the United States should this be done,
but from England, France, Germany and Russia
should come from every Christian v pulpit and altar the
same declaration. These united voices should be so
certain in their sound that 'civil government, in the
nominally Christian rations, will hear it and heed it.
Those^nations-have destroyed. in China' hundreds of
millions in property, and for. ; blood atonement have
takeji . scores of lives for each; one ended by the Chi
nese. The standing crops inf great districts, inhab
ited by millions of Chinese, have been destroyed, and
the dreadful pinch of famine has followed.
Women are ' dying of starvation, and .children
AAYOR PHELAX has issued an invitation to
"citizens interested in suppressing or regu
lating betting on horse races" to attend a
meeting to be held this evening at the chambers of
the Board of Supervisors. In a communication to
the board announcing the meeting the Mayor stated
that he would bring before the meeting the petition
of the Supervisors requesting the Legislature of the
State to pass a law limiting the racing season /o thirty
days in each count}-. He added that his own course
in the matter would be determined by the action of
the Legislature, and closed by saying: "The Legis
lature is the only bod}' that can properly regulati
racing or betting and make such regulations effective.
and the object of the meeting called is to influence the
Legislature to pas<; remedial laws."
The purport of the statement to the Supervisors can
hardly be mistaken by anybody. The meeting is
called for the purpose of getting what will at least
appear to be a representative body of San Francisco
citizens to petition the Legislature to adopt a meas
ure which, while nominally restricting racing, will vir
tually be a step toward reopening Ingleside track for
j-amWinp purposes.
The scheme 'is an ingenious one. By getting men
to support a measure that upon its face restricts
racing, bookmaking tnd pool-«elling, he will obtain
what he can readily distort irito a consent to the re
vival of gambling at Ingleside.
There is no need of State legislation on this sub
ject so far as this city is concerned. Racing is per
missible here, but pool-selling and bookmaking are
not. The gambling practices that in the past brought
so much of wretchedness, ruin, crime and suicide
upon the community have been effectually stopped by
the existing ordinance. That ordinance should be
maintained and enforced; and no good citizen should
give sanction and support to any petition which by
implication can be construed as signifying a consent
that gambling at the track should be permitted again
in this city for thirty days or any other period in a
year.
In a matter of this kind nothing should be left to
chance. Protests against the reopening of Ingleside
track have been filed with the Supervise, s, but ttie
men who framed and adopted them should not be
content with that. T!icy should appear with, their
friends -:nd supporters at the Mayor's meeting.
Thry ::ould be there to protest in person against the
wrong that is threatened, and they should make the
protest emphatic and clear.
It may be accounted certain that if the Mayor can
get tke meeting to petition the Legislature to limit
racing to thirty days in each county, and to intimate
that the municipal ordinance is not satisfactory, that
petition will be used afterward as an evidence that the
people arc willing to eUow a thirty days' racing 'sea
son at Ingleside. The people, therefore, should be
on their guard. They should attend the Mayor's
meeting and be prepared to vote down any suggestion,
that hints at the renewal of the old crime breeding
practices.
The issue concerns nearly all classes of citizens.
Business men whose employes are tempted into the
commission of frauds by the track Ramblers, parents
whose sons are led astray by the insidious vice < and
whose daughters even arc not wholly safe from it, the
pastors of churches who know how much of sorrow
hrs been caused smong families by this curse— and
in short, all men who stand for morality and virtue
should attend the Mayor's meeting and make it an
overwhelming demonstration against track gambling.
The day has come when men must 'stand forth to be
counted on the right side. Never mind what may
have been the Mayor's motive in calling the meeting.
Attend it and vote down any and every proposition
that even intimates- the reopening of Ingleside track
for n«>*J-*«llinar unA. booUmalcine.
THE AVflYOR'S MEETING.
(Eire "» --t^llllN • gfcil^
TUESDAY. JANUARY 29, xooi
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
kiiun All Ctma&tieitio&i to W. B. LEASE, Mtniger.
M*.\AGI*IfS OFFICE "E*!**}^?! 1 * ?—
1'IUUCAT1U.V OFFlCB.'..Market »n«l Third. S. V.
Telephone Press SOI. '
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenaon St
Telephone Press 2O2.
DellTerea w Cnrrlern. IK Ont« Per Week.
£lnc1» Copies. 5 Cents. '"- " >;V
Term* hr Matl. Including: Fo«<affCi
3AII.T CALF, rinchidlne Pcnday). one year fi.*J
DAILT CALL flnclufllnr Bandar). « months >-M
DAILT CALL Onclndln* Sunday). » month* 1-W
DAILY CALL— By Fin*!* Month ~ t^ e
BIKDAT CALL. One Tear 1- - M
WEEKLY CALU One Tear tM
All postmasters mrf authorised to recelr«
snbKcriptlons.
Sample ecplea will be forwarded Then request ed. .
Mall •sberrftwrr tn ordering chase* of *Mr+f* «hould i*
FtrUcnl&r to rira both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la ero>r
to jxutcr* a iTccapt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKJLAXD OFFICE 11X8 Broadway
C. GEORGB KROG1TESS.
raugir Ttttign Atortlfiag. Ktr S oettB BoOilBg. CfclMg*.
(l^or-t Distance Telephone "Central HB.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDESCT:
C C CARLTO.V. .................. Herald !qoar»
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
t-TEPIIEN IS. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnildin*
NEW TORK. 2CEWS STANDS:
TTalderf-Artorla Betel; A. BrenUno, a UnJoa &ja«j«:
Karrar BUI Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebencaa Bcuie: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fresxct House; Auditorium Hotel.
washhtctos o>. o> office. . . .i-*o« c st^ if. .w.
MOUTO.N K. CHASE, Correspondent.
8HAXCR OFFICES— 417 Moniromery. ecrner «if Clay. open
cr.t:i 1:!9 o'clock. 300 Hayec. opea until *:*0 o'clock. 633
XrAlHrter. cpen until >:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkta, open un'Jl
t:to o'clock. :?4l Mission. «pea until 10 o'clock. 2M1 Market,
ccrrer Sixteenth, open until * o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
tctU 9 o'clock. 106 Bleventh. open until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until s o'clock.
THE biennial visitation of State institutions by
legislative committees is now in progress and
the important work of providing for them will
soon be taken up in both houses. • '
There is a condition of anxiety in the State Uni
versity which we hope will soon be relieved. What
ever way of relief the Legislature may adopt should
be acted upon promptly. After the money now needed
is appropriated, as sppears to be likely, in l a lump
sum, there will be ample opportunity to study ways
and means for the' future. We think it will be found
worth while to study a change in our laws of incor
poration. New Jersey derives an income of over
two millions from a sliding scale charge on articles
"of incorporation. The charge runs in proportion to
the capital incorporated. Here the charge is uniform
at $5, and that fee goes to the State Library, produc
ing about $10,000 a year. Incorporation is a privilege
to capital for which it is willing to pay, as is proved
in New Jersey. To an inheritance tax on realty there
are some rational objections. The realty has paid its
taxes and borne its share of the public burden during
the lifetime of its cwner, and there may well be ques
tion of the right to burden it further on its passage
From the estate of the dead to that of .the living. No
such objection can be made to a corporation tax. The
law is liberal to the formation of corporations, and
they get valuable rights under it, for which they may
well pay, to support the university.
With more experience and a more deliberate dis
cussion between the university and the Governor u
plan may be ready for the next Legislature which will
relieve the institution of the necessity of lobbying at
every session for an appropriation to keep it running.
The State looks to the Legislature for a fair legis
lative and Congressional apportionment.- We hear of
the intrusion of personal and local ambitions into this
question. As it is a matter of law and figures, and
by their application justice is easily done, there should
be no greed, personal or local, in the matter.
The Republican party can better afford than ever
before to abstain from any gerrymander. Political
lightning in California is notoriously fickle, and Hie
history of the past proves that device and artifice have
never succeeded in holding on to power for the bene
fit of the party which employs them.
Let the whole people be considered, and their con
venience and interests served, by a natural apportion
ment, and the party will have deserved their favor
by doing its duty. To deserve public approbation is
better than to seduce it by artifice, or secure it by
indirection.
This State is just entering upon a new era and a
larger life. It is shedding and putting away many
methods that are obsolete, and looks with as much
hope to the future as it looks with pride upon the
past. It feels new energies, pulsates with resources
newly found, and has less patience with that which is
petty than ever before in its history. As it feels these
fiesh impulses it finds itself controlled by the Repub
lican party. Its government is the armor in which i*
advances to conquest its hopeful future. That armor
should be ample, and of pattern generous. Let tho.v:
who have in charge the party destiny make it part of
the State's destiny, by living up to the full measure,
of responsibility and opportunity.
LEGISLATIVE PROGRESS.
THE SAN VFRANCISCp;iCALi;, T^SD^^^^UARY 29^^^1901;
THOSE CHINESE SIGNATURES
6
AUCTION SAI.ES.
By A. W. Lo u<J«>rb2.ck— This day. at 11 a. ra. and I p. m...
Oriental Rug*, at SW. corner Geary and Stockton streets.
By Sullivan & I>oyle— Thursday. January 31. at 11 o'clock.
Palace Livery Stable, at US New Montgomery street.
Dr. Sanferd's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cor* for
liver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation.'
Gas Consumers* Association, ZH Post tt.. r*.
daces eas bills from 20 to 40 per cent. O*a aaa
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to.*
New Santa Fe Train.
The new Santa Fe train fcnown as the Cali-
fornia Limited afTords service very much supe-
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. _ •
A Western passenger ag«nt says that
his experience has shown that Friday is
the best day In the week for railway pas-
senger travel, and Wednesday the worst.
Special . information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clippinr Bureau (Allen's). olO Mont-
comery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. SOc a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel bulldlns.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
A2IUSEMENTS.
Central Theater— "A Celebrated Case."
California— "Becky Sharp."
Orpheuni— Vaudeville.
Grar.d Opera-hous<> — •"Arrah-na-Porue."
Alhainbra— "FhootiTtr the Chutes."
Alrarar— "All* the Comforts of Home."
• Columbia— "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
TivoJi — "The Fencing Matter."
Olympia, corner Mason and Kddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
J ifcher'e — Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C. Torke,
Thursday evening. February 7.
Tar.foran I J ark— Rar^s to-day.TO SAIL.
Bun rises.. • • 7:17
Pun sets 5:29
Moon gets.;.... *. — .2:49 a. m.
In thi Divorce Court.
A decree of divorce was granted yester
day to Charles : ; Graeber. .-• from- Louise
Graeber on the ground of desertion. Suits
for divorce were filed by Abraham Reiss
feld against Gussle Relssfeld for deser
tion." .Sarah Schwalbe against Paul
Schwalbe for failure : to provide, John' M.
Adler against Mary E. Adler, for ; deser
tion, ¦'¦' Oliva : Griffin against Henry Griffin
for 1 failure -to provide. Marie L. : Douglass
against Thomas H. \ Douglass "for deser
tion, Magdalene Fisher against George H.~
FisheV.-for cruelty; Hattie A.; Brown
against James H. : Brown for desertion.
California Limited.
','- No ; extra charB'e U , made • for ¦ riding on the
.California Limited of the Santa • Fe," although
the ¦ superiority of the" service ] Is : really worth
something" more. .." , '.: *
. COUNTERFEITER CURVESON RECAP
TURED.—The United ; States Marshal's office
In this city was notified by a telegram yester
day'that Field Deputy United States Marshal
(i. ».'W. 1 p Rager at Eureka, Humboldt County,
had ' captured Jamea Curveson,twho is \ wanted
here on a Federal Indictment for havlnr posses
sion • of • and "¦ passing . counterfeit coin. .
Not only maintaining Its long years'
leading position, but even beating its own
highest record, is what- G. H. MUMM'S
EXTRA DRY did in 1900. importing 119.441
cases, or 79,293 cases more than any other
brand. *
Phenomenal Champagne Imports.
"William Howard, an Ex-Convict,
Will Make a Statement to Di
rector Fitzgerald.
"William Howard, alias Harry .Davis, an
ex-convict who has twice done time- at •
San Quentin for burglary, called yester
day afternoon at the gtore of Joseph Levy,
who purchased the Jute bags from C. J.
"Walden. the defaulting bookkeeper at San
Quentin. He scared Levy by telling him
that he knew all about W alden'a Jute-bag
transactions. Levy ordered Howard out
of his store and told his son to follow him
till he met a policeman and them,' hava
him arrested.
Howard was taken by an officer to Cap
tain Seymour, who closely questioned him
as to what he knew about Walden'm deal
ings, but the ex-convlct declined to say
anything, remarking that ho would cail
upon Director Fitzgerald and" tell him all
about It. As Howard had not committed
any offense he was released. •
KNOWS ABOUT JUTE
BAGS IN SAN QTTENTIN
Is Probable. -
H. D. Loveland's proposition for the or
ganization of a freight bureau in this city
to keep track of all freight rates for the
information of the business community
and also to take up matters in which
freights and transportation problems are
concerned, bids fair to result in a meeting
of prominent business - m^n representing
all lines of trade and manufactures in the
city. .Many merchants eay that'' the
wonder is that the city has not already
something of the sort. There has been
emergencies when transportation lines to
the north of San Francisco have managed
to get away a large share of the jobbing
trade from San Francisco In their • imme
diate territory. An organization of the
merchants and manufacturers would have
been able, so the merchants say, to have;'
saved much. that has been lost.
. Mr. Loveland said last evening that' he
had already talked with leading men since
an interview with him appeared in The
Call on Sunday morning and they were
favorable to the idea. . The merits of an
organization competent to deal with' mat
ters that no single firm can cope with
separately was so obvious that he did not
nave to explain them to. any one. Other
cities have freight bureaus and they have
been I of . great benefit to those communi
ties. They were in a position to know all
that was going on and were in touch with
the business men and the transportation
lines also.' Mr.~ Loveland said that -if he
found a sufficient number of the business
men of the city in favor, of the establish
ment of a freight bureau in this city he
wouldcalla meeting to take the matter
up and see what could, be done.
OUTLOOK FOR FREIGHT .
BUREAU IS EXCELLENT
Merchants Favor Loveland's Idea,
and Meeting to Discuss It
"I have known Alice for some time," said
Molera. "and the recent trouble she ha»
passed through made me only the more
anxious to wed her. "We will live in Mer
ced, where there are plenty of rats, and
so my bride will never feel lonesome."
Alice J. Caranza of 2S7 Geary street.
who will be remembered aa the young
lady who was arrested on a cruelty
charge because she scalded trapped rats
to death, was yesterday licensed to wed
Miguel J. Molera. a swarthy young Span
iard of Merced. . Molera's years number
nearly 30. while his bride-elect is only 10.
but she is a young lady of determination
and her mamma, who accompanied the
lovers and watched "Cupid" Danforth
prepare the license, interposed no objec
tion to her daughter's union with Molera.
Miss Alice Caranza Will Become Wife
of Miguel J. Molera of
Merced.
GIRL WHO SCALDED
RATS IS TO MARRY
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer-
I chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
January 28, 1901.
The time'ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ¦
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in chars*.
In the general arrangement and punctu
ation of sentences students will gather
more help from observation and practice
than from any set of rules: With stenog-
The only way to learn to write -Is to
write, Just as the only way to learn to
swim is to plunge Into the water and
strike out.- Of course, until we know how
to swim ¦ If "will be safer to keep In shal
low water, and we may find it of value
to have a swimming teacher give ns di
rections as to our movements and per
haps to hold our chin up for a little; but
these directions are of value to us only
when we are actualjy in the water. So
it is with the writing of English. "We
may understand thoroughly all the rules
of syntax and the derivation and the use
of words, but these are of no more prac
tical value until we are actually writing
than are the rules of swimming until we
are actually in the water. Our own orlg
tnal thought bears the same relation to
writing that the water does to swtmmlng.
We must be almost wholly wrapped up
in it. The directions as to correct expres
sion are simply Incidental- Note the fol
1. Read. There is no better way to
gather new words and grow familiar with
their use. Head aloud as much as possi
ble. In this way you will become accus
tomed to the musical rhythm of words.
2. Talk. - Listen closely to the conversa
tion of good talkers and never talk your
self below your very best.
3. Study. Look up new words. Xj»e your
dictionary freely. . Never allow yourself to
hear a new word spoken without Jotting
it down for reference, and when you know
it use It yourself.
-•.4. Write. Take every possible opportun
ity, to express your - thought in. writing.
Many of the best writers of .to-day learned
to write through their eodal correspond
ence. aWtMft g *-W*JUM"JtWf > J-3W*'ff^flMlMS33
5. Memorize. -Whenever you find & beau
tiful thought in word preserve it by com
mitting it to memory. The thought an4
the language will each be seed in your
own garden. t ,'
XXXVm.— HOW TO PARAGRAPH
A' TYPEWRITTEN LETTER. .
The general rule for forming the pos
sessive Is to add an apostrophe and "s"
Cs)- The boy's hat; the children's play
ground: the lady's dress; DIckens's nov
els; Burns's birthplace.
Tho addins of the "s" in the last two
illustrations is wholly a matter of taste.
When tho additional syllable makes an
unpleasant sound tt Is customary to drop
the "a" and indicate the possessive by
the apostrophe alone. Note the following:
The ladles' waiting-room; the boys' play
ground. - , : - ;'¦ ' •'..
The apostrophe and s are always aoa
ed to the complete word. The complete
word in the first of the foregoing Illus
trations is ladies; not ladle: and in the
second, boys, not boy. The extra "a" is
dropped in each Instance because of tne
fact that it would be unpleasant to the
ear to sound it.
In names, such as "the Mechanics
Bank," there should be no apostrophe.
The name "Mechanics" is simply part of
the complete name of the bank and does
not denote possession in any sense.
XXXVTI.— HOW TO ACQTJIBE A
VOCABULARY.
1. From the table shown in this lesson
nnd the tax on properties assessed as fol
lows: (a) $3924, U>) $4976, (c) $8000, (d) $3643,
(e) $1984. , ,
2. The property of a certain city is as
sessed for $45.S0O.0O0. The tax to be raised
is $1,832,000. Find the tax rate per $1000.
3. Prepare a complete tax table for a
rate of 14?i mills on the dollar.
4 Find from your 'table the tax on each
of the following properties: (a) $45,600, (b)
$75,000. (C) $3854. (d) $13,640. ......
5 -The assessed valuation of a district Is
$894 600. What is the rate of taxation nec
essary to raise $16,000? . / ..•
XXXVI.— HOW TO FORM THE
POSSESSIVE CASE.
Exercises for Practice.
find the tax *»n $43. We look along the
fourth line— tnat Is, the 40 line— until we
reach the 6 column, and we find .5625. The
tax, then, is .66Vi, or 56}i cents. Again; If
we desire to find the tax on $3763 we look
along the third line of the 7 column and
find .4525 the tax for $37, or $45 25. the tax
for $3700; then we look along the sixth line
to the 3 column for .7875, or 78% cents, the
tax on $63- The total tax, then. Is
$45 25+7S% cents, or $46 03%.
Lesson No. XXXV. 1. (a) W3 05, (b>
$62 20. (c) $100. (d) $120 (51. (e)'$21 80. 2. $10.
4. (a) $672 60. (b) $1106 25, (p) $145 43. (d)
$274 £1. 5. 17 4-5 mills.
Lesson No. XXXIX. 1. $294. 8. $560 M.
3. 2400 barrels. 4. $551 35. 5. $80,000.
Answers.
for selling 42,000 bushels of potatoes at 23
cents a bushel?
2. A commission merchant sells t>o3
bushels of onions at 90 cents a bushel and
remits the proceeds eiler deducting hU
commission of 4~i per cent. "What was the
amount remitted?
3. A broker buys flour for a customer at
$3 30 a barrel, charging 2 per cent; the
bill, including commissions, is $307S «.
How many barrels aro bought?
4. "What is the net ttpceeda of a sale of
3121 pounds of butter at lSVa cents, com
mission 2% per cent and expenses $23 ID?
5. A commercial traveler sells eoods on
a commission of 3 t>er cent. What must
his yearly sales amount to that he may
have a salary 6f J2100?
NOTE— In ? the > above ; exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven in th* ' left
hand column and the successive tides of the
TUESDAY,"" JANUARY 29.
United State» Coast ¦ and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights ot High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. " ¦ \
jjOTE The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street. wharf) about twentv
flvo mlnute» v later than at' Fort ; Point; ¦ tht
height of tide Is the same at both places. ,'.;/r
Sun, Moon and Tide.
. Monday, January 28.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 11 days from Guay
mas, via Etisenada 45 hours.
Stmr Geo Loomis, • Bridgett, • 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Scotia, Walvie. 39 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 37 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr "NVashtenaw, Zolllng-, 86 hours from Ta
coraa.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, B0 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr . Procreso, Monroe, 92 hours from Ta
coma.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr S Danlelson, Hagerup, 5 days from
Slus law Blver.
CLEARED.
Monday. January 28.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Xopander, San Pedro; Ooodall,
Perkins & Co.
Btmr Acapulco. Russell. Panama and way
ports; Pad lie Mail S S Co.
Br ship Crown of Scotland, Jenkins, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Schr Jos Russ, Anderson, Sallna Cruz; C A
Hooper & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 23.
Stmr Acauulco, Russell, Panama.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Bureka.
Stmr Geo \V. Elder. Randall. Astoria,
Stmr WestDort. Ericsson, . . '
Br Bhlp Osborne, Scott, London.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 28, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 6 miles. .
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived" Jan 23— Stmr Let
tttla. hence Jan 15. Jan 27— Stmr Coronado,
hence Jan 24.
POINT ARE?*a|L— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Navar
ro, with schr Barbara Hernster in tow, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 28— Tug Rescu?,
with barge Santa Paula in tow, hence Jan 26.
! Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Aberdeen, for ; tug
i Rescue, with barge Santa Paula In tow, for
San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Luella, hence
Jan 27.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; BChr Melancthon, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 28— Br ship County of Dumfries,
from Shanghai.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 28— Br stmr Milton,
for Nanalmo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 26— Schr Sadie,
from Umpo.ua, Jan 27— Schr Louise, from
Umpqua.
Arrived Jan 28 — Schr Beulah. from-Umpqua;
BChr F 8 Redfleld. from Tacoma.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 2S-Br
stmr Warfleld. from Nanaimo. ¦':
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 28— Br ship An
dromeda, from Shanghai, for Puget Sound.
SEATTLE—Arrived Jan 27— Br Btmr Arab,
from Nagasaki; stmr Ruth, from Alaska; Btmr
Santa Ana, hence Jan 23.
Sailed Jan 28 — ShlD Isaac, for San " Fran
cisco. Jan 27— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
KAHULUI-Arrived Jan 13— Schr Robert R
Hind, from Port Gamble.
MA HURON A— Arrived Jan 14— Bris: Con
sueln. hence Dec 27.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 27.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 28— Bark Gatherer,
hence Jan 19.
Sailed' Jan 28 — Schr Gem, for San Fran
clsco. ¦
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 26-Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco. Jan 28— Schr Gem, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 2-S — Stmr South Coast, hence
Jan 25.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Jan 28— Stmr
Ellhu Thomson, from Honolulu; stmr Dlrigo,
from Alaska: stmr Victorian, from Alaska. •
Arrived Jan 2S— Br shiD Drumburton. hence
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Rob
ert Dollar, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 28— Br ship An
dromeda, from Shanghai. Tor Puget Sound. . :
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jan 2S— Chll bark
Hawaii, for Kihel. .
MAZATLAN- Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Cltv of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
EN3ENADA— Sailed Jan 27— Mex Btmr Mexi
co, for Ban Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Jan 26— Schr W II Smith,:
for Puiret Sound. ¦
COQUIMBO— Arrived Jan 24— Bktn Ruth E.
Godfrey, from New Whatcom.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 2o— Bark Ger Fair
child, from Port Hadlock. ¦
COMOX— Sailed Jan 27— Ship America, for
San Francisco. ' „. „
NANAIMO— Sailed Jan 2S— Br stmr Algoa,
for Port Los, Angeles. . • . ,/'
, OCEAN STEAMERS.
, BREMEN— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Koenlgen
' LuUe' for New York.
! GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Werra.
' from New York, for Naples and Genoa, and
P HONGKONG— Arrived • Jan 25— Stmr Belgian
King, from San Francisco.' via Yokohama;
stmr Monmouthshire, from Portland, Or, via
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 28— Stmrs Um
briai and Cevlc, from New York; Btmr Sax
onla. from Boston. .
NAPLES— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Fuerst Bis>
marck; for New Ycrk. ¦•
Shipping Intelligence.
In addition- to cargo previously reported the
steamer State of California which sailed Sat
urday for Victoria carried the following mer
chandise valued at $2686 : 7 cs arms and am
munition, 6 cs phonograph goods, 23 bxs raisins,
10S1 lbs butter, 5 bbls cocoanut oil, 6 pkgs ma
chinery. 17 "pkgs groceries and provisions, 269
feet Spanish cedar, Iti pkgs vegetables, 136
bxs oranges, 3 bbls baking powder, 700 lbs
dried fruit, 100 bxs paste, £(35 crs potatoes, 28
bxs fruit, 10 bxs lemons.
paper. 8 pkgs raisins. 122 pkgs railroad ma
terial. 5 cs stationery, 3 cs shoes. 100 cs soap,
6 bdls spices, 4 crs sewing machines, 63,419 lbs
tallow, 49 pkgs telephone material, 1 bbl 18 ci
whisky, 13 cs 1420 gals wine, 4 reels wire. In
transit— 7 cs silk, valued at $500.
For Panama— 7680 gals wine, 100 cs salmon,
14 pkgrs Chinese provisions, 5 cs Chinese wine,
18 cs dry goods, 2 half-bbls sugar. In transit—
60 cs Bilk, valued at $000.
For Callao — 25 bbls ahrlmps.
An Additional Manifest.
FERRY STEAMER TIBURON PICKING UP A IJEREJLICT WHITEHAL
OFP^ALCATRAZ YESTERDAY. THERE WERE BLOOD STAINS AN:
BLOODY GARMENTS IN THE ROWBOAT.
The steamer Acapulco Balled yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at . $52,217. manifested aa follows: . , For
Mexico. $12,549: for Central. America, $34.26$:
for Panama, 4730: for Callao. $670. The follow
ing were the principal shipments v
For Mexico— 60 bxs Apples. 4 plows, 8 cs am
munition, 70 cs beer, C coils cordage. 4 cows,
6 tons coal. 10 en dry goods, 27 cs drugs. 250
rt>s dried fruit, 30 cs electrical goods, 650 bhls
flour, 95 pkgs groceries and provisions. 200 bales
hay, 18.200 ft lumber, 82 . pkgs machinery, 20
cs mineral water. 11 crs onions, 126 crs po
tatoes, ' 7 bales paper. 3450 lbs salt, 40 cs sal
mon, 27 cs stationery, 1021 - lbs sago, 486 bdls
Fhookf, 2200 lbs soda ash, 15 cs soap, ¦ 13 bdls
gplces, 25,601 lbs tallow, 3 chests tea, 45 kegs
white lead, 22 cs whisky, 2310 gals wine, 400
reels barbed wire.
I For Central America — 45 bxs apples, 5 cs
arms and ammunition, 10 gals brandy,' 20 cs
beer, 4542 Tbs beans, 412 cs coal oil, 6 cs candles,
69 cs dry goods, 2364 bbls flour, 3SS pkgs groceries
arid provisions. 7 rolls leather, 42.0CO ft lumber.
1021 lbs millstuffs, 5 pkgs ¦ machinery, 8930 lbs
malt, 15 kegs nails, 16 crs onions, 521 crs po
tatoes, 8 cs photo goods,' 14 pkgs paste, 17 bales
Shipping Merchants.
The Helen N. Kimball and the A.; Allen will
load lumber at Eureka for HIIo; the Metha
Nelson, merchanarse for Honolulu.
Departure of - the Panama Steamer.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
''news of' the oceait.
The steamer Oopaok, under charter to
the Government, will not get away on
lime. Two of her furnaces are down and
the United States Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers will not grant her a license. It
will only take a few days to repair tha
damage and then the vessel will begin to
load mules for Manila. /
The steam schooner Navarro with tha
gasoline schooner Barbara Henster in tow
is on her way back to San Francisco. Tho
Hcrn8ter went ashore at Point Arena and
the Navarro and Point Arena' had a rac£
north to eet her off. The Navarro wor.
the prize and is now bi-inglng the aban
doned vessel back to port. It will not
take $1000 to put the Hernster in ship
shape and the Navarro will consequently
secure a good towage bill.
Wat?r Front Notes.
This is Mr. Curr's first visit to th.»
coast, and before leaving for San Fran
cisco he visited every shipyard in the
Eastern States. Mr. Curr says that tho
shipbuilding tooli for the new Risdon
shipyard are ahead of anything he has
eeen.
For some years he was manager of th<?
Globe Shipbuilding Company on the Great
Lakes, and latterly has been in charge of
a.i of the steamers controlled by th3
Rockefeller interests. He is practical, in
dustrious and ambitious, a first-class na
val architect and practical shipbuilder at
the same time.
One of the few men with an internation
al reputation as a shipbuilder arrived from
the East yesterday. "Xears ago he was
employed by Harlan & Wolff, the famous
shipbuilders of Belfast. Ireland, and later
inducements brought him to the Great
Lakes. Now he comes fo California to su
perintend one of the greatest shipbuilding
plants ever Installed on this coast.
Robert Curr. the new superintendent for
the Risdon Iron Work3" shipyard. Is the
man. He is well known among shipbuild
ers and shipowners on the lakes , on ac
count of the large amount of work in
trusted to him by shipowners and under
writers, looking after their interests in
the construction and repair of steel ves
i selss. - : . :**.'?:
The Marin shore is the great attraction
for the fishermen theso days. - The her
ring is making for the Sacramento and
San Joaquin rivers via Raccoon Straits
and the fishermen's nets cannot contain
all that come in on the tide. Nearly two
hundred boats are always at work be
tween Sausalito and California city and
some of the catches are phenomenal.
Boatload after boatload of the succulent
"salochi" Is unloaded at fisherman's
wharf and the canneries are now in full
swing. The whiles are following the
pprats and "whale stories" are again in
order.
The Eisdon in Luck. i,
The Curacao arrived from Mexican ports
yesterday, and the Mexico Is scheduled to
arrive to-morrow. Both vessels have been
running opposition and a bitter warfare
has been waged. The Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company .finally cut the rates in half
and the owners of the Mexico could not
call the hand. In consequence the Mexico
will lie up for a few weeks, and as soon
as the rates go up on the Curacao she
will go back on the run. Then when rates
are again cut she will lie up once more.
There is going to be lots of fun on the
Mexican run for months to come. Both
vessels have plenty of backing and the
chances are that the war will be a long
drawn out one.
Millions of Herring.
Opposition Will Cease.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
stock went up a point and a quarter yes
terday. This in spite of the fact that the
San Jose, San Juan, San Bias and City of
Panama are laid up and the Barracouta
and Costa Rica are coming here from Cen
tral America to take a rest. /The Mail
Company is at outs with the Panama
Railroad Company, and that concern is
running its own steamers, thus necessi
tating the withdrawal of six of the Mail
Company's fleqt. It Is said that all the
steamers named will be in operation again
next month, and New York freights will
be carried across the continent by an
other route, of which Guaymas will be the
Pacific Coast terminal. In spite of the
fact that six steamers are tied up, how
ever. Pacific Mall stock went up $1 25 a
share yesterday.
Ready to Spring on Opposition.
Company Has a Joker Up Its Sleeve
PACIFIC MAIL STOCK.
"There was plenty of whisky and con
siderable blood in the boat," said the cap
tain yesterday. "There was a piece of a
bloody shirt lying in the bottom of the
Whitehall which looked to have been torn
from somebody's back In a row. We took
the boat in tow and she is now at Tiburon
awaiting an owner. We do not know who
owns her, but I think some of the boys
along the water front will report a boat
missing to-day. It looks to me as though
somebody had gone out fishing and left
the boat insecurely fastened. She then
drifted away. The blood may be fish
blood, but there were no fish in the boat.
If there was a row then the rest of the
story is yet to be told."
and part of a bloody shirt, and
with blood stain3 on the thwarts and other
signs of. a struggle, was picked up by the
ferry steamer Tiburon yesterday. Captain
White of the ferry, steamer has no theory
to advance about the abandoned boat, but
whoever can prove ownership can have
her on application at the Tiburon ferry.
The Tiburon left here on her usual
morning run yesterday, and when ' just
north of Alcatraz the derelict Whitehall
was sighted. Captain White at once
stopped the ferry steamer and ordered one
of the lifeboats cleared away.
THERE Is another mystery on the
water front. A Whitehall boat
with the 'painter coiled up and
containing a. demijohn of whisky
V — 9 ¦¦ . . . .. , ..¦
Whitehall Containing Bloody Shirt and Signs of Blood on
the Gunwale Found Derelict by the Crew of the Ferry
Steamer Tiburon Off the End of Alcatraz.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Night School Course, Showing Ready
and Reliable Methods of
Figuring Taxes.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eatam.
raphers and corresponding clerks the par
agraph is a serious stumbling block. In
experienced stenographers fresh from
shorthand schools invariably chop up
their typewritten letters into altogether
too many paragraphs. The following gen
eral rules will be found valuable:
1. Make one paragraph, of the introduc
tion, tho "good-day" or "how do you do"
of your letter, If it has any.
2. Make one paragraph of the entire sub
ject of the letter. If the letter should
have two or more subjects, that is to say,
if it- should start, for Instance, with a
complaint about the quality of a cose of
dry goods received and should follow with
a discussion of the wisdom of starting ,i
branch store in the Philippines, the latter
might properly be considered a new sub
ject and should appear in a separate para
graph.
3. Make one paragraph of th» conclu
sion, the "good-by or "writ© soon" of
your letter, if it has any. ; ' : ;. *
XXXDC.-HOW TO RECKON COM-
MISSION.
Produce bought in Quantities or sent to
cities for sale is usually bought or soM
through commission merchants or brok
ers. Commission merchants usually hava
the goods consigned to them and sell
them in their own name. For this servico
they charge a fixed rate of commission.
Brokers do not usually receive the goods,
but sell for their customers and allow the
goods to be shipped direct to the buyer.
They also buy for their customers. Their
charge for this service is called broker
age. Commission and brokerage are recK
oned at a certain rata per cent on th<j
amount of money actually handled— that
is, of the amount paid in buying or real
ized in selling. The rate is often a charga
by the bushel, or pound, or ton. as tt:#»
case may be. rather than at a fixed per
cent.' The exercises given here refer par
ticularly to commission merchants and
brokers who deal in produce and other
merchandise.
Exercises for Practice.
L At 2}a per cent what is the brokerasa
XXXV.
Note — In general the arithmetic of taxes
is the same throughout the country, al
though the methods of "striking rates"
and making collections differ considerably
in different States and cities. . ,
Property, including land, buildings,
manufacturing plants and in some in
stances personal effects, is valued by a
board of assessors and upon this assessed
valuation a certain rate of taxation is
fixed. The rate U always a per cent of
the valuation, but • it is generally ex
pressed in mills on the dollar or in dollars
on each $100 or on each $1000. A rat© of 12
mills on the dollar is equal to a rate of
$1 20 on each $100 or a rate of $12 on each
$1000. The rate of taxation is found by di
viding the amount to be raised by the
total valuation. For instance, if the total
assessment of a city is $37,500,000 and the
amount of money needed for a particular
year is $487,500 the rate of taxation is
found by dividing as follows:
4S7.500
• 37,500,00p=$0.013 on the dollar.
The rate of taxation is, therefore, 13
mills on each dollar, or $1 30 on each $100
or. 113 on each $1000.. If a man has a house
and lot assessed for $3000 his taxes will
be 3X13, or $39.
Tax collectors find it to their advantage
to prepare a table similar to that shown
in the accompanying illustration. Tna
student will note carefully how the table
is made. The rate of 12^ mills on the dol
lar is expressed by th« decimal .0125 placed
under the figure 1 in the second column.
In the third column we have twice this
amount, in the fourth three times this
amount and so on to the extreme right.
Running down the left column we have
ten times .0125, or .1250, following the 1:
twenty times .0125. or .2500. following the
2; thirty times .0125. or .3750, following tho
3 and bo on. The tax on $7 is .0875
or -08»i: that is. 8% cents. The tax
on $70 (found in the first perpendicu
lar column) is .8750. or 87%; that is.
8J% cents. Now suppose we desire to
ANOTHER BAY MYSTERY IS BEING
WORKED UP ON THE WATER FRONT
THE SAKo FRANGISGO CALIi, TTJESJX&T^^ JANTOlRY^ ;29; r f 1901.
Steamer. Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given, by the charts. The plane of referenco
is the mean of the lower law waters. >
7
Time
TUne ¦
Ft. Ft.
H W
"'j.7 6:31 6:0
8.9 7:81 «.l
8.9 8:31 ' 6.2
1.8 9:25 6.1
2.7 10:16 ,'6.1
2.4 11:03 6.0
'¦!• H.-W >"* -
: 5.2 -5:34 fj.2
Time
L W
.«;
Time
H W
-
29 ...
80 ...
81 ...
:l ...
2 ...
s ...
0:00
1:10
3 2:11
3:10
4:00
4:4$
H W
0:84
1:48
2:45
3:37
. 4:20
S:00
5:36
H-W
11:50
—o.i
-«.4
—0.6
—0.7
-«.6
—0.4
8:49
- 9:48
10:37
11:20
11:58
4.1
4.5
4.T
6.0
6.1
1^.7
*:17
..:..
,'4 ...
l-o:i
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
January 2O.
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier * 2
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
St. Paul N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
January SO.
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt .: 10 am Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier S
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
January 31.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
February 1.
Corona.. Newport 9 am Pier 11
China; China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Mamlalay..... Coquilla River Pier t
February 2.
Marlposa...... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Australia & Ptlnd. 11 am Pier 24
Carlisle City.. China and Japan „..
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
February 3.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
.•February 4.
North. Fork.;. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Rainier Seattle & Tacoma
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Bristol Oyster Harbor ;.. Jan. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 29
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 29
Argo Coquilte River Jan. 29
Mandalay....... Coquille River Jan. 29
Kureka.'. Humboldt Jan. 29
Robert Dollar... Seattle ...¦ Jan. 30
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Jan. SO
Mexico.....'..... Mexican Ports Jan. 30
Corona Newport Jan. 30
New-burg 1 - Ventura Jan. 30
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego... Jan. 30
City of Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 31
banta Rosa San Diego Jan. 31
l'olnt Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 31
Pcmona Humboldt Jan. 31
Urnatilla Puget Sound Ports Ffcb^l
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt .' Feb. 1
Ralntcr Seattle & N. Whatcom Feb. 1
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Feb. 2
Doric... China and Japan Feb. 2
Australia Tahiti Feb. 2
Willamette Oyster Harbor Feb. 2
Hyades Seattle Feb. 3
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. Z
Bonlta Newport Feb. 3
Queen... San Diego Feb. 3
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 4
1 ;
,1
a
1
a
«
I
e
I
a
I
7
8
i
0
0000
— — — . 1 1 t 1
0125 0250 j 0875 0300 0625 j 0750 0875 1000
i
i
¦
1350
I
I
i
r
!
a
i
i
3
4523
W»Q.
i
t
I
S623 |
i
4
500O
I
.
I
t
5
025O
I
7123
I
l.
I
770O . 7875 J 8OOO
I
!•
700O
762S
I
H
I
7
8750
I
-
i
18
«
«
I
i
-
t
!
•
I
TAX TABLE^-12Va MILLS ON THE DOLLAIl.
Time
TUne ¦
Ft. Ft.
H W
"'j.7 6:31 6:0
8.9 7:81 «.l
8.9 8:31 ' 6.2
1.8 9:25 6.1
2.7 10:16 ,'6.1
2.4 11:03 6.0
'¦!• H.-W >"* -
: 5.2 -5:34 fj.2
Time
L W
.«;
Time
H W
-
29 ...
80 ...
81 ...
:l ...
2 ...
s ...
0:00
1:10
3 2:11
3:10
4:00
4:4$
H W
0:84
1:48
2:45
3:37
. 4:20
S:00
5:36
H-W
11:50
—o.i
-«.4
—0.6
—0.7
-«.6
—0.4
8:49
- 9:48
10:37
11:20
11:58
4.1
4.5
4.T
6.0
6.1
1^.7
*:17
..:..
,'4 ...
l-o:i
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
January 2O.
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier * 2
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 13
St. Paul N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
January SO.
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt .: 10 am Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier S
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
January 31.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
February 1.
Corona.. Newport 9 am Pier 11
China; China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Mamlalay..... Coquilla River Pier t
February 2.
Marlposa...... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Australia & Ptlnd. 11 am Pier 24
Carlisle City.. China and Japan „..
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
February 3.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
.•February 4.
North. Fork.;. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Rainier Seattle & Tacoma
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Bristol Oyster Harbor ;.. Jan. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 29
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 29
Argo Coquilte River Jan. 29
Mandalay....... Coquille River Jan. 29
Kureka.'. Humboldt Jan. 29
Robert Dollar... Seattle ...¦ Jan. 30
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Jan. SO
Mexico.....'..... Mexican Ports Jan. 30
Corona Newport Jan. 30
New-burg 1 - Ventura Jan. 30
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego... Jan. 30
City of Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 31
banta Rosa San Diego Jan. 31
l'olnt Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 31
Pcmona Humboldt Jan. 31
Urnatilla Puget Sound Ports Ffcb^l
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt .' Feb. 1
Ralntcr Seattle & N. Whatcom Feb. 1
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Feb. 2
Doric... China and Japan Feb. 2
Australia Tahiti Feb. 2
Willamette Oyster Harbor Feb. 2
Hyades Seattle Feb. 3
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. Z
Bonlta Newport Feb. 3
Queen... San Diego Feb. 3
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 4
1 ;
,1
a
1
a
«
I
e
I
a
I
7
8
i
0
0000
— — — . 1 1 t 1
0125 0250 j 0875 0300 0625 j 0750 0875 1000
i
i
¦
1350
I
I
i
r
!
a
i
i
3
4523
W»Q.
i
t
I
S623 |
i
4
500O
I
.
I
t
5
025O
I
7123
I
l.
I
770O . 7875 J 8OOO
I
!•
700O
762S
I
H
I
7
8750
I
-
i
18
«
«
I
i
-
t
!
•
I
TAX TABLE^-12Va MILLS ON THE DOLLAIl.
soap is not only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving ' stick
soap.
AH Borts of people use Pears* «oap, all sorts
of store* sell it, especially druggists.
AMUSEMENTS. *
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at :.
I IIP ar\
By th* Authors of "Robin Hood."
Next— Flanquette's Great Comic Opera,
"XEUi GWYNNK."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and CO cent*
Telephone— Bush 9.
fLV H EAT R £ >A ?
TO-NIGHT— FUN FOR ALLI
¦U*n:iam Gillette's Comedy,
ALL THE
COMFORTS «.*.
OF HOME! £"*-
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— Enpapernent of JOS. KILGOUR
*rh«ri triM be rree*>nte<l E. 6. Willard's suc-
«-*F!=, "JUDAH." Peats Now Ready.
GREATEST VATDKVILLE RHOW EVER IN
fiAN FRANCISCO.
THE NINE NELSONS.
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY. FOY AND
fURK. LEAMER SISTERS. MOXTMAR-
TRO1S TRIO. WARREN AND BLANCH.
ARI>. HACKER AND LESTER. SWIGETTE
AS1> CLARK.
Third ar.d Final Week of
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS.
P.eservfd seats. SSc: balcony. 10c; opera
ch.-Ur* an <\ hr-jc «>atf«. 5Oc.
Matinpff Wodnesday, Saturday and Sunday.
\jf U LU fH S3 1 A LUDIhG THEATRE
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TScjr seers Wag^nhals & Kemper present
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
And a eurerb company In a stupendous scenic
production of
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
rniCES— U SO. M. TSc. «>e. »c and 25c
GRAND' OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK.—
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
THE GREATEST LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN.
In Couclcault'B Famous Irish Drama,
ARRAH-NA-POGUE
AN UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS.
PRICES-:0c, 15<\ 25c. 50c.
A few front rows In orchestra, 75c
Good reserved seat In orchestra at all mati-
nees. Z^-..
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
hi < *^ ITKSTt CSTY HAIS
Phone South tS3.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
To-NI«rht and Every Evenlnjf This Week.
MATINEE PATfRDAI and SUNDAY.
Buptrrb Production IJ'Ennery'e Famous Drama,
A CELEBRATED CASE
ONE OF TDK GREATEST ROMANTIC
DRAMAS EVE8 WRITTEN.
Beautiful Sct-nery'. Rich Costumes'. Powerful
Ca?t!
Appearance, of the Popular Irish Comedian.
JAMES M. WARD.
PBirF^ Evening* 10c, lie, 25c, 23c, 60c
I IUwLJ Matinws 10c, i5 C( jjc
JCExt W>ck— "A Daughter of the Million."
THE 3AN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD M.EETINO. *
Voaday. January 21. to Saturday. February
$, Inclusive.
•6IX OR MOItE RACES EACH 17EEK DAT.
Elx Stake Events, Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechase*.
FIRST R--CE OF THE DAY AT 1:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at », 10:40. 11:39 a. m.. 1. J:30
end 2 p. tn. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
fcan Fra ¦¦•• -- at «:1S p. m., followed after the
lost race at intervals of a few minutes by sev>
• ral special*. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladieit asd their escorts. Admission to course.
Jr.c-iudir.s railroad fare, $1.2.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWAr.n POWER. P.aclnr Secretary.
Srcilioliffi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made from the choicest fTi •=-• «i t^^V
fruits and grains grown in / \
California. < I CEREAL]
The most wholesome \ TOFFFF /
and nutritious substitute for **
coffee and tea. '
Delicious flavor.
Free samples can be ob-
\r^ Ak tained of any grocer in the
a q^ if / o ' % city. Ask for one. ¦
|f * r\Il X 1 Boil from 5 to JO minutes only.
[1 4iA / I ALL GROCERS SELL
I %Qrail\5^ Figprune Cfereal.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
i r^ —^" J ~ 1J ~- —^-------~^-»- ~^- t
Jlll^j Is a HeaitlrfuS Drink. :';
1 E.»"-^r:^3 Recommended
' ' '^VJcinTi By Physicians, W
, -r^^T^j f ? r Gout and Rheuma- |v
gJ$J||&£3 tism, Indigestion nnd i ';'
||/||*jiM Stomach Disorders. ',
! ' |^t£3«^S Be\rarc of |
\ Cheap Substitutes. )
\ Vlctry is Only Imported in Bottlss, ;
' (So-called) Vie tar drawn from •
i the soda fountain or jmt up
! In srpboas. 18 NOT TICH7.
I The Only Qenaloe Vichy is sold ta Bottles ' |
like this cut, and not in any other form.
. '' General Agency, 520 Broad 'ny, N. T. ' J
nil inr These hotels pos-
I ALAtlL £ess attributes
, that tourists and
Cinji travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
HP A MR Iiberal raan age-
U rl H 1 1 U ment, modern ap-
liAjn A pointments a n «J
huilLoi p crfcct c « is^
7 American and Eu-
San FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
jg^^^i CANDY CATHARTIC nt
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just ts good.
| KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
Eale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent),
101 Chronicle bldgr.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST WEEK OF Vv, :
MRS. F1SKE
In the Play In Four Acts. Entitled
"BECKY SHARP."
(Founded on Thackeray's "Vanity Fair.")
LAST "BECXT SHARP" MATINEE SAT-
URDAY. f
MONDAY, FEB. 4.
MBS, FISKE in "IESS Of IEE D'UHBERYILLES,"
Seats on sale Thursday morning.
All ElllnehouM Prop, and Manager i
Phone South 770. , _
TO-NIGHT.
The Laughing Festival— Fast and Furious.
Every Evening this week Is a Jolly CARNI-
VAL. NIGHT
With Those Funny Fellows.
25— H ANDSOME GIRL S-23.
MURRAY AND MACK
And their Jolly company of 40 Girls and
Boys— 40, In the very best of musical ex-
travaganzas.
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES"
SNUFF SAID."
Evr— 2r>c, 2.'o, Z(*c and 75c.
Mat — 15c, 2ic. Soc and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon — Wm. A. Brady's
Krar.il production, "THE SORROWS OF
EATAN." __^__ !
THE PRISONJF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit of ST. JOHN'S PARISH.
(Rev. Father Brady, Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F ??- 1901,
At 8 o'clock.^ ,
METROPOLITANTEMPLE
Fifth and Jesslo Streets.
TICKETS v 50o
SALE OF SEATS NOW OPEN
At Shermao, Clay & Co.'s New Store
for the
HENSCHEL
Grand Vccal and Musical Recitals.
To be Given Jn February.
At METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FISCHFRN concert house.
fWtnDn D AdmUsfon !Oc.
' Xero. France* Harding, "Fairbanks Brothers,
Hanlon and Singer, Ida Howell. "Waterman
EirterB, Little Alma '.Wuthrich.. Hal Conlett,
Abern and Patrick and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reeerved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
Keep Your
Blaurvkets
t ad soft as new, by
washbg them in
i' •' ' "!•
GOLD DUST
Washing Powder^MONDAY, Jan. 28-2 p. ' m.
' -.'¦UNITED; STATES BONDS.,',.
: ".Bid.Ask. ; .-^Bld.Ask.
<s quar coup..U3HH4H 4s do cp (new)137?il3SVi
43 do rez.-...'..113HH4H 3s do coup...v.HO^lllil
STOCK - AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local! stocks and bends, .were dull and un
changed.' on the* morning session. In the after
noon : there . was more life, and ¦ Giant Powder
advanced to l&. - VfiHJfSStigs&SBUkttmMBUt
i The urual ¦ active business • was „ done on the
Oil .Exchange, Etna. ¦ Junction and Monarch
being the active * stocks." *' Etna? was lower at
<GS10c,"J There was no particular change In the
afternoon. ---,"-;¦¦
NEW YORK, Jan 28.— A' loss of about 13s
New York Metal Market:
CHICAGO. Jan. 2S.— CATTLE-Recelptfl, .21,
000; choice,- steady, others^ slow, 10c lower;
cows and heifers steady to strong for 'good to
choice; .Tesans steady, f. Good to prime steers,
$5 10^6; poor to medium, ?3 40®5; stockers and
feeders, bteady, Wn\ t,fi; cows, J2 50@4 lOvhelf
ere.' $2 70@4 50; canners*. Jl 9&S2 40: bulls ¦ $2 70
®4 40; calves, $4jJ5 75; Texas, fed -steers', $4®
4 90; Texas grass steers, ?3 35@4; Texas buIU
$2 WV53 75. : : ; .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow
38.000; left over. 4000; .top, '$5 35; average shade
higher. Mixed and butchers'.- $5 10!g'5 35; good
to choice heavy, $5 20^5 3T>; rough heavy, J5 0542
0 10; light, $6 10#5 30;. bulk of sales,. $5 25@5 36
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000; sheep : and lambs'
firm. Good to choice wether*. J3 75#4 45; fair to
choice mixed, ¦ $3 50@3 S5: Western .'Sheep $350
©4 50; Texas sheep, - 12 50®3 BO; native lambs
f 4 2; @5 50 ; Western ; lambs, $c@5 60. !
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦*"•; Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2H 6 2H
Closing. .... 6 1% , 6 1%
• KiS^ p ARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening IS 95 20 CO
Closing :.. 18 75 19.95
Flour —
Opening ....' 24 45 .25 65
Closing 24 00 25 50
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. . 28.— The fluctuations of
the January cotton option were far more vio
lent'than, ever before known. ; reaching a mat
ter of 255 points, amid Intense - excitement,
though singularly small trading. Shorts were
crazed in the first hour by sensational reports
of 15c being the price at which over-sold Jan
uary oi>erators were to be allowed to "settle"
and by claims. that the clique. would possibly
refuse to settle at all until the last moment.
March and May followed, but failed to de
velop abnormal strength. . The English market
steadied considerably in keeping with our early
display of pronounced strength, but closed • in
a non-committal sort of spirit ! with the Eu
ropean trade generally to us for In
centive. The private reports from* the South
declared that New York shorts had in several
Instances ordered cotton shipped at once by
express, the belief being that. a considerable
amount might yet be brought through In time
for delivery on contract. At the close the mar
ket was quiet and steady with. January net
S5. points ; higher and - other: months 1 point
higher to 3 points lower. During the rest of
the afternoon the cotton ¦ market ruled quiet.
January closed at 11.05c, a -net' advance of S5
points for the day. and the -other months 1
polct higher to 3 point* lower. In accordance
with the advance in January spot cotton sold
at 12c, an advance of l%c for the day. '
NEW TORK. Jen. 2S.— The huge proportions
of the dealings In St. Paul made It the domi
nant fatter in to-day's market. Its influence
¦»¦£« marked on a very few stocks nearly
affiliated with it. and the general list showed
a dragging tendency, but on the upward and
downward course. The violent and erratic
novem?r.t in St. Paul kept the market con
fused and unsettled for the greater part of
the day. Tliere were considerable gains estab
lished during the eaily dealings, and. later in
the day prices fell considerably b?low Satur
day'E lexel, Lut the net changes are for the
nioat :dii small and some Kains are mixed
with the preponderant losses. St. Paul was at
one time nearly 3 point* above Saturday and
at another time over 2 points below. It closed
the day with a net lose cf IK un sales of 2L2.-
COu shares. The intermediate movement* were
excessively erratic and feverish. A very no
ticeable leature of the trading in the stocks
way the much heavier volume of transactions
on the advance than on the decline. Very
heavy offerings had to be taken, in fact, before
the advance wm inaugurated, the price run
ning eff a point from the opening under the
crushing weight of the offerings and very
heavy blocks being taken at each stage of the
adv&nce. When the price had touched 15SH
the buying demand received an abrupt check
and was not at any time afterward equal to
thit of the first hour, although there were
considerable revivals cf demand from^ time to
time. On the downgrade from 15&H to 152H
the offerinirs did not appear to be of over
whelming volume, but there was not suffi
cient demand to absorb them. The tipsters
this morning put out statements In great de
tail of the completed plan for the transfer of
Et. Paul stock in exchange for bonds of the
Great Northern and Northern Pacific It was
further announced that the plan would bs of
ficially published to-day. Up to the close of
business the promised plan had not been pub
lished, and this was all the news of the I day
bearing on the stock. The movement of fit.
, Paul was sirorilemented by a strong rise in
Kaneae and Texas preferred and in 'Manhat
tan. The first irregularity of the market was
caueed by weakness in the steel group, in
which the openir.c pains had been moderate.
The session of the directors of the American
Wire and Steel Company focused the atten
tion of (peculators In that group. No decis
ion - was announced on the dividend question
before the market closed, but the stock, after
exiling down to 3S X «, had a rally to 41 in the
final dtalingF. The other steel stocks which
had weakened in sympathy, notably Federal
Steel, did not have time to respend before the
close. There was a sudden etiffening of South
ern Pacific in the final dealings atao. but the
clof'.ng generally was heavy and dull. London
was a fmall seller, but the further advance in
sterling exchange made It evident that the
homeward movement of securities continued
very h«-avy.
Business In railroad bonds continued large
&nr prices advanced in the early dealings, but
yielded in sympathy with stocks. Total sales.
JI.KX.OOO. United States bonds were all un
chai;ced.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. »
Frare* Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
r4.COO Atchlson 45T4
1«Q Atcbison prefd .....; 84%
300 Baltimore & Ohio &
Canadian Pacific 88'
. W0 Canada Fduthern 67li
2.OC1O Chrsape&ke & Ohio 3S>j
1.000 Chicago Great Western 17^,
«2,StX> Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 14J%
40*1 Chicago Ind & Louisville 2S
Jto Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd..... M
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois.".....' S2H
200 ChlcaKO A North western 171
21,300 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 121S
. 700 C C C & St Louis ;... 7«Vt
300 Colorado Southern ' 7^4
¦ ICO .Colorado Southern 1st prefd ,.. 42,
"X.SOO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 12
600 Delaware & Hudson 1I2H
. 100 'Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 1S6
Denver & Rio Grande '.: SH;
....... Denver & Rio Grande prefd %tKi
15,4.'*) ISrie ~ 2&iu
l&.Mw Erie in pn-fd ...:. ei\
13,2(0 Great Northern prefd : 195
.'. Hocking Cool ,:.-.. .14^4
.' Hoclcing Valley 42«
500 Illinois Central ...."..... ....;. ...130
Iowa Central ;.. 2**j
Iowa Central prefd 43'
.*».... Lake Erie & Western .:.*..; 40\
Lake Erie & Western . prefd 109
.:'..... Lake Shore 10M.
15.C00 Louisville 4 Nashville,. ."s7^
40,500 Manhattan Elevated ,116*i
Ncu.' York Stcck Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
January 37^ 37^ 37Vi 37V4
February 3"?i 37*4, 37H ST*<
May 33*i 30& 39 33U
Oats No. 2—
January 24 24 24 24
May 20S 25* 25 H 23H
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January ,,13 85 13 85 13 SS 13 90
May ..14 C2<4 14 15 14 O2V4 14 10
Lard, per 1C0 . lbs—
May 7 471* 7 52^ 7 474 [7 12%
January 7 37>4 7 42ft 7 37H " «Vi
March 7 45
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 95 8 95 6 95 6 95
May ..7 02VJ 7 12^ 7 05 7 07H
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, un
changed: No. 3 spring .wheat. G3074V4c; No. 2
red. 74>4@76^4c: No. 2 corn, 37Hc; No. 2 yellow.
37V»c; No. 2 oat?, 24%<S724"Vic: No. 2 white, 27%@
28c: No. 3 white, 2fi%<527%c;. No. 2 rye, 52c:
fair" to choice malting barley, EO®53c; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 72«?1 73: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 72:
prime timothy seed. $4 65: mess pork, per bbl.
J13 fiO<gl4; lard, per ICO lbs, $7 40; short ribs
nides (loose). $6 9507 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6&®6%c: short clear sides (boxed),
$7 25ft7 331 whisky, basis of high wines. Jl 27;
clover, contract grade. $11. - . ¦
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 10.000
Wheat, bushels 46,000 47,000
Corn, bushels 313.000 115.000
Oats, bushels 268.000 232.000
Rye. bushel3 .....* 6,000
Barley, bushels 65,000 11.000
On the Produce . Exchansre to-day the butter
market -waa dull; creamery.' 14@20e: dairy, 1H£
QHc. Cheese, quiet, l0«i®U*ic. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 18c.
Articles— 9 ' Open. High. Low. " Close.
Whent No. 2—
January 74>4 74Vi 73% 73*4
February 74H 744 73H 73«i
May 76% 77 - 76 .. . 76</»
Corn No. 2 —
Corn felt the wheat weakness, as well as
freer country offerings. Near the end of the
session rumors of cash inquiry caused covering
by shorts and the market reacted. May closed
%c lower.
Oats were quiet and steady. Independently of
otrtr markets. May sold between 25^@25Uc.
and closed a shade lower at 25U@25%c.
Provisions opened higher In sympathy with
an advance in hogs and held steady on local
buying. May .pork closed 12%c higher; May
lard 5@7%c higher and May ribs a shade im
proved.
The leading futures ranged as I follows:
CHICAGO. Ijan. 2S.— May wheat opened %©lc
lower at 77@76Hc. Offerings were liberal under
the influence of lower cables which camejin
the face of the advance here Saturday.- world's
shipments which, with Australia to hear from,
aggregated 7,262,000 bushels, and an increase of
C32.0CO bushels In the amount of wheat and flour
on ocean passage. Following the opening the
market recovered to 77c on moderate buying
by commission houses. This demand did not
last long and selling by longs caused a drop
during the forenoon to 76Uc, heavy primary
receipts being the chief factor. A decrease In
the visible of 405.000 bushels caused a mo
mentary rally to 76Hc, but it was not sup
ported, and May. went down again to 76c and
closed weak 1%&U4c lower at 76>4S76U<*. The
market was largely' a professional one with
the outside little interested.
Generally cloudy weather prevails south -of
the Tehachapl in California and throughout
Arlxcr.a; elsewhere wesl of the Rocky Moun
tains the weather ii? generally clear. Light
rain ha? fallen in Calif orr.ia from Fresno anU
Luis ObtsiM) Bouthward, Arizona and
Southern Utah.
The pressure has ri#en along the Central
Ctliforr.la c^mt and falj<?n over Arizona. Ne
vada and Utah. The degression over Southern
California appears to be moving eastward
through Arizona, and Southern Vl&h.
The temperature changts have Leva slight in
all districts.
Ccnditlons are favorable for fair weather in
Northern California and showers followed by
fair veatber In Southern (California Tuesday.
Fcrecart made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 28:
Northern •.¦alifomia— Fair Tuesday: light
r.nthwest wind.
Southern California— Cloudy with showers,
followed by fair weather Tuesday; light wt6t
wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday. except probably
6hcwers In couth jortlon.
Utah— Fair Tuescay, except showers in south
portion.
Arizona — Cloudy, ¦with showers Tuesday.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
light west tv!nfl.
G. IL WILLSOX. Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
| Last ! This | Lut
STATIONS. ,24 Hours | Season. | Season.
Eureka O.«;0 3C».36 34. CS
Rel IJluff O.0» 15.73 14.95
Pacrcmento .^ t.CO 11.32 13.31
San Francisco fl.W IS. 01 14.29
Pr*^r.o Trace 7.45 €.U
Independence t'.W 4.53 2.09
Han L,uis Obispo.... Trace p. 50 12.50
l>,s Angeics 0.60 | 'S.2S 4.57
San Pi-go 0.14 i 3.W 2.C-'
Sar, Kranclsoc data: Maximum temperature.
V>: minimum, 47; rr.ear, i4.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AN'D GENERAL
POULTRY— Live Turkeys,. 10® lie .for. Gob
hlprn and ll<Jl24cfor Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13<5 lie; -Geese, -per pair,.- tX 75f?2; ; - ". Gosllngs,-
II .i4iL;- I/ucKs, Mfi5 for- oldiand- $5Q$ DO im
young:' Hens, j $3 50@4 50;tToung Roosters," $4 5C
Roosters, ,-. $3 60<ff4; TFryers, ,-$4@4 60;
Broilers, $.4@4 CO. for large and • • $Jg3 W f or
A car ; of Eastern ' dressed Turkeys came In
and \ was quoted at ' 14c - ¦. Four .' cars of . Eastern
livestock came in, and : as • there , was i «tlll ;. a
Quantity of ¦ Eastern and local •-, fowl left ; over
from .last week=- the ; market. ; was depressed.
Sales ' of Eastern were • at SZ 50fS5 ; for • ..¦ Hens.
$4®4 50 f or . old , Roosters, Jofg-G 50 for ;"; your.g
do,' $4 60 , for Fryers and -large ¦ Broilers, s $3 '. for
email' Broilers. - $1 25 for Plgeor.8 and $2 23 for
Squabs, $4 S0O5 50 i for old j DuckB,- • $6 50@7 *. for
young do. Jt 75@2 ¦ for ! Geese/, and • lC®124c for
live Turkeys. ¦ . Iwiitl H_IJWimilH ft KB ' MinwUil 1
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Game were altogether too heavy
for Monday, being 200 sks, ¦ and the market con
tinued low in- consequence. •"• ¦
VEGKTABLES-rRhubarb. 8@10c; Asparagus,
from Sacramento. 1SiJ?25c per lb: Gre»n Pean,
5(5"cper lb; String Beans, . 10@15c; Cabbage,
90c; Tomatoes. Los AnReles, $1 25W2 per crate;
Egg Plant, Los Angeles. lr.^COc per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles. 124c per lb for Chile and
15c for Bell; Dried Peppers. -9@llc;. Dry Okra.
lOSIlJc per lb; Carrots, 25®35c - per box; i Hot
hou«e Cucumber?, • per dozen: Summer
Squash. |1 7502 per box; Garlic. 334c per' lb;
Marrowfat Squash, J12'g'2O per ton; Mushrooms,
5^15c per lb. ¦ ,
POTATOES-Early Row, 65fli75c: Burhanlrj.
3*i@45c for River and i 85c!S$l 10 per ctl for
Saltnns and 75^»11 for- Oresron: Onrart O«»«
from Oregon, 65®75c; Sweets, 90c®$l for Mer
ced. I ,
ONIONS-ll 50@2 per ctl; Cut Onions. $125
per ctl. . * :
Receipts of Potatoes were over 9600 sks, and
the feellnjr was easy In consequence. _ • Onions
stood about the same. There was little change
in Vegetables.'- . ' /
BEANS— Baycs, $2 &p©2 75; Small White.
$4 60@4 SO; Large White, $404 25; Pink, $2 15©
2 35; Red. $3 25G3 50; Blackeye. J3©3 25; Llmai,
$5 60@5 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. $3 75©4 ' per ctl. ' > ¦ .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 5003: Canary. 340
3?4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 74@94c; Rape.- 2g>
2He:iH*mp. 3\f«3\ic: Tlrrr-thy. €%c. . .. . ¦ . ¦ ¦¦-
DRIED PEAS-NIles, , $2@2 50; Green, $2 70
@3 per ctl; iiiackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans are qucted quiet, but firm.
Beans and Seeds.
¦ HAY— Volunteer, $.if3S: Wheat. $11013 50;
Wheat and- Oat, $10@12 60;' Oat. $3® 11 CO;
Clover, nominal: Alfalfa, JSS9 60; Barley. $7 50
®9 £0 per ton. ' - -
STRAW— 35®47%c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled. Barley. $16017 per
ten; Oilcake Meal, at the mill. $25026; Jobbing,
t-f 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn • Meal. • J2J
«25 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50® 26; Mixed . Feed,
$15016. ¦ - " ¦
¦ Hay was more or less soft, owing to receipts
of over 900 tons. Prices stood the same. Bran
continued firm. ,
BRAN— $15816 per ton.
¦ MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 CO per ton. •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLCwR— California Family Extras. |3 25Q
3 V, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25.
Oregon. J2 75#2 S5 per. barrel for family and
J2 7563 for bakers'; Washington, bakers", J2 7 j
@3. i
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in "sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, ?3 50; Oat Groats, Jl 50; Hom
iny, 13 5003 75; Buckwheat Flour, |4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, 1150; Whole
Wheat Flour. 13 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ti®
7 25; in sacks. J5 7507: Pearl Barley, J5; Hullt
Peas, $5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Chicago opened heavy, with local selling and
fair buyers at the decline. There was
realizing. The weakness In Corn affected
Wheat The American visible supply decreased
405.000 bushels. The world's shipments were:
Russian," 119,000 quarters; Argentine, 27,000.
In the local market, spot prices remained
unchanged, but futures were lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98?<c; milling; J1§1 05
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May-^-6000 ctls,
$1044: 14,000. $1 O4 1 ,4. December-20C0. $103%;
6000, |1 CS4: 8000. Jl (S.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, Jl 04H : 4000,
Jl 07%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY-rA lower rail rate to New York Is
announced, and this may help the market. Th?
feeling is firm and sales are at full figures.
Offerings are still moderate. '
Feed, "CUc for choice bright, 73X*575c for Xo.
I and 7C®72',ic for 'oft grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades'. 8<VJiS24c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. .
Second Session— No sales, j
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
' Afternoon Session — No sales.
¦ OATS— There Is nothing new to report, the
market remaining firm but quiet. White.
II JOfll 50; Surprise, nominal:' Red. |1 23@1 40
for Feed and $1 35ffl 45 for Seed; Gray, nominal:
Black, for Feed. $1 17!&®1 20; for Seed, Jl 2S&
1 30 per ctl. ¦
CORX— Yellow, 11 15; White, fl 15; Eastern
mixed. $1 124 I*r ctl. •
Yellow, $1 15; White, $1 15; Eastern mixed,
Jl 12V4 per ctl.
- RYE— «5<5S7Vic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 85 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York all
declined.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 63 days — $4 81\
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 &SVa
Sterling Cables — "4 894
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 224
Silver, per ounce — 61',i
Mexican Dollars, nominal E04 9 <u
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fist*, as compared with those of same date,
l«*t j-ear. and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
ttlOth Merifilar.— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2*—6 p. rn
Weather Report.
"Apricots and peaches are going out '«y
flowly, the buying being only for immediate
wants, prunes are scarcely wanted at a!!, with
the- maiket very easj. Prime evaporated •!••
I>ies are weak, with only a small Jobbing Oi:st
n*¦^6 reported. Choice and fancy grades are
firm on the fool, and advices from up the
State report an advance on those grades of H 4 -"-"
• Trade lacks any real sign of life ftnywbere
in the whole list. Loose raisins are -Crin-Jr if
anything, but quiet. The offerings of 3-cr>wn
loose muscatels at 6c are now very scarce.
Most holders ask €^c or better, seme quoting
t:p to 6*»c. Regular Jobbing demand for raisins
!s light. Currants in this market are ettll
oaaler, a lot of good cleaning quality that ar
rived yesterday on the steamer Rotterdam from
Rotterdam t?!ng offered as low as 9c. The ar
rivals from till* ecurce were 700 barrels.
Ma!! aflvlces frcrs New York say:
Dried Fruit in Xcnv York.
2.900 Metropolitan Street Railway 16«
400 Mexican Central 13
100 Minneapolis & Et Louis 69
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.:....106
1.500 Mlfgburi Pacific .; 854
I 2.000 Mobile & Ohio ***¦*
1 14.900 Missouri Kansas & Texas IS'
' 51.1C0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd ol' 2 |
New Jersey Central 150 1
1.900 New York Central 141U i
27.3.J0 Norfolk & Western 45& J
I Norfolk & -Western prefd £3** 1
S2.6M Northern Pacific MW
4.100 Northern Pacific prefd $7
S.200 Ontario & Western 31H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
I Oregon Railway & Nav prefd. 76
j 8.2CO Pennsylvania 143H
1 6.SC0 Reading 22 ]
; 6.«iO Reading 1st rrefd 7Hi I
j 4.ZW) Reading 2d prefd 42V»
j Rio Grande Western 65
. Rio Grande Western iirefd 92
i 7.000 f-'t Louis & Fan Fran 2SH !
ICO St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd. 7^ ¦
1.500 5t Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 5T% |
1.500 St Louis Southwestern 23 :
6.100 St Louis Southwestern prefd O" 1 *
2:2.000 St Paul 134'%
1.100 St Paul prefd 193
r St Paul & Omaha 130
I 60.730 Southern Pacific 45'i
7.500 Southern Railway .; 20
2.100 Southern Railway prefd 71
3.400 Texas &; Pacific ......: 72H
36.400 Union Pacific 83'i
I 1.500 Union Pacific prefd $Z\
2.000 Wabash 13V*
6.400 Wabash prefd 27H
l.fXiO Wheeling & Lake Erie 11*»
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2S i i
Wisconsin Central 15H
€00 Third-avenue ; 120
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 85
S.Urt National Tube Co 60
100 National Tube Co prefd 9S
Express Companies— ;"**/''¦
• ••.... Adams .loZ
100 American 1T3
United States 54
Wells Fargo ...124
Miscellaneous— .
SOO American Cotton Oil 30Vi
American Cctton Oil prefd SS
American Malting 4H
ICO American Malting prefd 24
15.500 American Smelting & Refining €0*i
1.500 American Smelting & Refining prefd S8>4
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
1.000 American Steel Hoop 26
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 71
4S.K"} American Steel & Wire 41
6C0 American Steel & Wire prefd 84
....... American Tin Plate.; , 67
l.CCO American Tin Plate prefd S7
100 American Tobacco 114*,4
€.1<X> Am*i lean Tobacco prefd 140
Anaconda Mining Co 41%
"00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 714
25.700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44%
2.000 Continental Tobacco 44%
11,700 Continental Tobacco prefd S4%
400 Federal Steel 42*»
23.8C0 Federal Steel prefd 7C>i
; 2.1W General Electric '. 1S9
SCO Glucose Sugar 49H
> ...f... Glucose Sugar prefd 96
International Paper 21
i 1,000 International Paper prefd 70
900 Laclede Gas 72
106- National Rlscuit 3S
National Biscuit prefd 92
300 National Lead 164
200 National Load prefd &3%
1,000 National Steel SSH
300 National Steel prefd 90
- ICO New York Air Brake 154
1.0C0 North American 20
Pacific Coast S3
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coart 2d prefd €3
' -5.600 Pacific Mall 45H
6,400 People's Gas 9S} t
4,000 Pressed Steel Car 37^
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 78H
400 Pullman Palace Car 1S9
> 600 Standard Rope & Twine 2%
11, WO Sugar 134>4
. K>0 Sugar prefd 118%
2,200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57Vi
, 15.1C0 United States Leather 13
I 3.300 United States Leather prerd 75U
1 800 XTnlted States Rubber 20
: 200 United States Rubber prefd GO
100 Western Union 83
; 400 American Copper S8"{
300 Rep Iron & Steel Co 13^4
100 Rep Iron & Steel Co prefd 58
1 P C C & St Louis 57
» LG06.700 Total Sales.
[ CLOSING BONDS.
1 U S 2s ref reg 105*4 NYC lsts 106%
i Do coupon 105% N J C gen 5s 127V4
. U S 3s reg 109% N Pacific 3s 7U£
• Do 3s coupon HOHj Do 4s 105^4
Do new 4s re»...HB«i N Y C & St L 4».10S>4
) Do new 4s coup..l37%N & W con 4s 100H
s Do old 4s reg....ll3Vi> Nav lsts.... 103
Do old 4s coup.. .11314 Do 4s 103H
; .Do h i-eg llQH;Or Short Line 6s.. 129V4
Do 5n. coupon...- 11 Hi I Do con 5s 116Vj
s Dist of Col 3.65s. ..125 gen 4s 94Vi
r Atchlson gen 4s....lO3^'R O W lFts 99%
> Do adj 4s 90 ?tL*I M con 5*. 115
, Canada So 2ds 110 jSt L & S F gen 6s.l2S
c Ches & O 4V4« 105V4|Pt Paul cons 190
> Do 5s.... 121 iSt P C & P lsts. .1184
I Chi & X con 7s....l$9tti Do 6« 119%
) Do S F deb 5s. ..124 IS Pacific 4s S5
c Chicago Term 4s.. 95*i 'S Railway 5s ..11374
- Colorado So 4s «ll Stand R & T 6s... €5
- D & R G 4s 101 Tex & Pac l*ts....lieii
» Erie gen 4s S3V4 Do 2ds 98
- F W & D C lsts... 80 U Pacific 4s 106
f G*n Electric 5s....l57Vi Wabanh lsts 119%
¦ Iowa Central lM-..nsVa Do 2ds 10S>«4
> L & N unl 4s 101 West' Shore 4s 115
• M-K & T 2ds 80 . Wise Cent 4s 87%
t Do 4s 9S^!Va Centuries 96
J MINING STOCKS.'
. Adams Con 20iLittle Chief... 14
i Alice 4 45|Ontario 6 60
• Breece 2 00 Ophlr 60
» Brunswick Con 25'Phoenix 10
i Comstnck Tunnel-. 04 ! Potos 1 08
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Ravage 15
> Dead wood Terra.... 52 sierra Nevada 17
- Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes....* 6a
- Iron Silver 65 Standard 4 15
I Leadvllle Con... 061 ;
j BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
> Money— | Union Land......... 2^'
1 Call loans 2 @4W'esf End 93U
• Time loans 3H®4 Westlnghse Elec... S4V4
¦ Stocks Bonds —
: Atch T & Sta F».. 457i'Atchlson 4s 102»4
» Do prefd .....65 N E Gas & C 5s.. 674
i American Sugar.. ..134 Mining Shares—
s Do prefd 118 Adventure 9hi
1 Amer Telephone. ..161*4 Allouez Min Co.... 15>4
Boston & Albany.. 254',^ lAmalg Copper S9
i Boston &. Maine. ..134 (Atlantic 27V4'
t Chi B &HJ 14?%'Boi«ton & Montana.314
• Dominion Coal 35>i;Butte & Boston..:. 77
• - Do prefd lOfcVfcj Calumet & Hecla..S50
Federal Steel 42%.] Centennial 21>4
Do pre/d... 70 Franklin :.. 16
i Gen Electric .1S9 Oaceola 87
Do prefd.... 159 Parrot *47
4 Ed Elec 111... 248 Quincy 166
» N E Gas & Coke.. 12. Fta Fe Copper". 5%
Old Colony......... 207 iTamarack .........330
Old Dominion...... 30V4 Utah Mining 32ft
I Rubber 194 Wlnona 5
t Union Pacific ... 83H Wolverines 454
Ndy York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28. — Money on call, steady,
¦ l\Q2 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 3H^
1 4VI per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
' actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at J4 8404 S4 4 for 60 daysf posted
rate*. $4 84U^4 85 and *4 fcS'4; commercial bills
• |4 83V464 S3%. , Silver certiHcates,' C34@65c; bar
1 silver, 61%c; Mexican dollars. 48c. Bonds—
. Government, steady; State, firm; railroad,
• eaeler. •
i Condition of the Treasury.
i WASHINGTON. Jan. 2S.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances . fhows: Available
j cash balance, 1140,648, 1»8; gold. $70,971,863.
4 London Market:
I NEW.TORK. "Jan.: 2S."— The Commercial Ad
i Yenisei- 1 ! ' Loodoa financial cablegram ' says:
THE CALL'S CALENDAR,
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The week opens
with trading in evaporated apples rather slow.
State, common. 3*i@i*ic; prime, 5@5*4c; cnoiee,
SVi'S'Gc: fancy, 6® 7c.
California dri<?d fruits weak.
PRUNES— SViSS^c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, SHflUc; Moorpark, S*i
tffl5e. ¦
PEACHES — Peeled. 14©lSc: unpeeled, 6V£@10c.
A T ezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
26.9C4 barrels ;• exports. . 14.500 "barrels; un
changed.
.WHEAT— Receipts, EO.OOO bushels; exports,
168,000 bushels. ' Spot— Weaker; No. 2 red, Sl&c
f. o. b. ' afloat;' No.'. 2 red. SOVic f. o. b. ele
vator; No. .1 .Northern Duluth, . S7V»c f. o. b.
afloat. Options— Ruled weak throughout the
entire day, influenced by long and short sell
ing. News .was unexpectedly bearish, includ
ing large world's - shipments, lower cables, a
disappointing reduction in the visible and In
different export demand. Closed easy at H4c
net decline. March. SOHfSlc, closed SO%c: May,
SO 9-l«@SlHc, closed SO%c; July,- 80V4<S81Vic.
dcied S0?ic. ' •
HOPS— wuiet. ......"
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFKE— Spot— Quiet: N6. 7 •invoice. 7c:
mild, -dull; Cordova,- 8S12«£c. - Future3— Closed
steady, net unchanged to 6 points lower. To
tal sales, 1S.500 bags, including: February,
15 £5; March. $5 45; May, Jo 55; July. S5 60:
August, ts 65: September. tJ 70; October, Jo 75;
December, Jo 85.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and barely -steady. Re
fined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, S142 packages: steady.
Creamery, 12@£?c; June creamery, 15@20c: fac
tory, ll«?14c.
EGGS — Receipts, 4771 packages; barely
steady. Western, at mark. 19®2Cc.
A ship's losr la arulnstrument for meas
uring the rate at which the vessel is go-
Ing and consists of three parts, viz.. the
logchip, the logllne and the log-glass. The
principle is simply this:
A light substance thrown from the ves
sel ceas-es to partake of the motion of the*
vessel as soon as it strikes the water ajid
will be left behind on the surface after a
certain Interval. . It the distance of the
ship front this stationary object be meas
ured the approximate rate of sailing will
be given.
The logchlp Is the float, the lopHne la \
the measure of the distance, and the log
glass defines the Interval of thne.
In the old days the heaving of the lo^
required skill and watchfulness, but since
the patent log has come into use no skill *
is required in finding the speed of a ves
sel. It is regulated by clockwork and the
number of knots the vessel sails per hour
Is recorded on the dial without any hand
touching it.
The Log of a Ship.
Oil stocks active as usual.
Salt advanced.
Silver declined.' No variation in Exchange.
Wheat futures burr. Barley firm and unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay soft under large receipts. Bran continues firm.
Potatoes in heavier receipt and zveak. Onions unchanged.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Heavy receipts of Game.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs arriving freely. [
Eight cars of Oranges auctioned at steady prices*
Fine Apples in light supply and firm.
Provisions firm, but not very active.
Meat market opens the zveck steady.
Local stocks and bonds auict.
Atchlson. 47H; Canadian Pacific. 90%: Union
Paciac preferred. 85V4 ; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 89$; ; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, $%.
Bar silver. 2S*id. Money, 3»4S3% per cent.
All the London exchanges will be closed on
February 2. »vi."rv ....- , .
CLOSING
The stock market here was ' narrow but firm
to-day. American shares were fairly active
until about 2 o'clock, when on early orders
from New York there was a sharp rally. This
was particularly true of Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul and Louisville and Nashville.
After that rally the American department
weakened and clOBlng heavy broke sharply in
the street. Money rates were shifter and the
market finally was borrowing from the bank
at 5 J .i per cent for four days.
SUMMARY OF -THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 28.— WHEAT.— Walla
Walla, JoftCGc; blue stem, £>?c.
TACOMA. Jan. 2S.-WHEAT-Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 5Sc: club, 55%c.
The British steamship Yamj-tze will sail to
morrow with the second largest cargo of wheat
ever sent foreign from Tacoma. She will clear
with 291, 2C0 bushels of wheat for some Medi
terranean port, by the way of the Straits of
Magellan. ¦ . -
The total wheat shipments for January ag
gregate 1.6S9.015 busheis, valued at $L010,2S0.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 2S.— Clearings, $367.
6CS; balances. $:9,454.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March, ts
l%d; May, 6* l%d. ' ;
CORN— Futures, steady; January, 3s ll'/iu;
March, 3s lOVid; May, 2s 9%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— Consols, 96%: silver.- 2S%;
French rentes. 101f'92%c; cargoes on passage,
firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 30s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 25s 3d;
English country market, steady; import . into
United Kingdom, wheat. 298,000; import into
United Kingdom. Hour. 293.0CO; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 2.690,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 770,000.
• LIVERPOOL, Jan. 2S.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California. 6s 4d(g6s 4Hd: wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; ' French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. SVid.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13.949 bales.
Competition was spirited and the demand
showed improvement."- Scoured recovered and
touched the recent high rates. Superior greasy
when put forward brought out active bidding
and some lots were taken ror America. Cross
breds were in small supply and owing to the
firmness of holders several parcels were bought
in. • A. large amount of Cape of Good Hope
and Natal wools was offered, but it was not
in good demand. ~A ¦
¦ Foreign Ma rkeis .
London Wool Sales.
NEW TORK. Jan. 28.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday is as follows: Wheat. 60.791.000 bush
els, decrease 405,000; corn, 14,137.000 bushels.
Increase 2,394,CW»; oats. 10,5S4,0CO bushels, in
creaE*^ 613,000: rye, 1,214,000 bushels, decrease
3000; barley, 1,399,000 , bushels, decrease 72,000.
Visible Grain Supply'.
was. reported at London to-day to. .£123. in tin.
The , local situation - was ; without ¦ particular
features cf . interest. Prices were practically
as they closed on Saturday, closing, quiet ana
easy* at 127 nominal.* Copper weak" at 516 S<Va
for lake, and casting $16 50. : Lead i was: un
changed at $4 S7',4: Spelter -dull and unchanged
at J4@4 JO. Pig Iron warrants nominal at
19 60@10 JO; Northern foundry, S15@16 50. ,,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCo5s.l05 ' — Oak Water 5s. — 103
Cal-st Cab 5S.116 — Oceanic SS 53.108^109
CC Water 5s. 10« — Om C Ry 6s. .123 —
Ed L & P 6s. .131 135 Pac G Imp 4s.lOO —
P & Ct Ry 6s.U4«4 — P, & a Ry 6s.lO5 —
G«-ary-st R fa. - — P ft O It R 6s. — —
H C& S 5HB.10SVI — Powell-st R 6».120H —
Do 5S..........10U4 — Sac E GAR 6s — —
L A.R 5s..... ,1U^ — . S F & SJV 5s.l20 —
L A L Co 6s.. — — "* S R of Cal 6s. 110 —
Do gtnd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A 6s. 110 111
Do 5s — — S P C 6s <1905.
L A P R R 5s. 101% — Series A)....109H —
Market Cab 6s. 126 — Do (Series BH1CU —
Do 1st M 58.122 — Do (1906) 112% —
N C N G R 7s. — 113H Do (1912) 121H —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2 — S PR 1st K 5s. 107 1M
Do os 120 — S P B R C 6S.1J1H -
N P C R R 6S.10U4 — S V Water «s.H4H —
Do 5s 108 109 Do 4s 104 —
N Cal Ry 5s. . .110^4 — Do 3d mtg...lO2 —
O G L & H 5s.H0% — Stktn Gas 6s. .103 —
Oak Tran 6s. ..114 115
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 70% Spring Valley. 32% — '
Marln County. 52^4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L& PCo— 4 Pac L Co 42% 43'4
Kquit G L Co. 2H 3% Sac E O&RCo. — 37H
Mutual El Co. 674 7 S F G & E... 47H 4»
O G L & H... — 50H San Francisco. 4% 4<4
Pac Gas Imp.. — 45 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS. .
Firem's Fund.. 232 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 77 — Lon P & A.... 143 —
Bank of Cal. ..410 — Merchants' Ex 18 —
Cal S D & T..105U — S F Nat Bk.. — 125
First Natlonl.. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S * L..... — 185D Sav & L So.... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk...275 —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 135 V — |O S L & 11... 41 —
Geary-st 47^ — Presidio 17% 20
Market-st ..'.. 68»i 63" |
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150. — Vigortt 2% 2%
Giant Cqn Co.. 83 83H
f • . SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 8 8Vi Kllauea S Co. 21\i —
Haw C & S Co — SO 57 >Iakawell S Co 43 42^
Honokaa S Co. 31\i — Onomea S Co. 27H —
Hutch S P Co. 28»4 — Paauhau S Co. 32V» — .
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 12«U Oceanic SS C.102 103V1
Cal Fruit Asn — 107 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine. Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co.. ..155 —
Mer Ex Assn. 95 — Par Paint Co.. 12H —
Morning Session.
10 Contra Costa Water 63 50
5 Giant Powder Con 82 CO
10 Honokaa Sugar Co M 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 47 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
CO Alaska Packers' Association 126 CO
BO Giant Powder Con 83 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co* •' 31 25
130 Hutchinson S P Co * 26 50
1M Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 50
j:(H.O Los Angeles' Railway 5s. cash Ill 50
¦5 Market Street Railway 63 50
275 Mutual Electric Light 6 75
$;<<•<) Oceanic Steamship Bonds lC-i 75
US Pacific Coast Borax 154 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax 153 0O
5 Pacific Lighting- 43 00
300 S F Gaslight "...V : 4 37?i
$1000 S F & S J V Bonds 120 CO
.5 Spring Valley Water 92 50
5 Spring Valley Water 92 75
Ju VIgont' Powder 2 SO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 Aetna 45
600 Aetna" 45
1300 Aetna. -.... 43 ,
1700 Aetna' 40
1000 Aetna : 41
300 El Dorado 1 SO
10O Four Oil Co 54
20C0 Four Oil Co 53
250 Home Oil 4 10
10O Independence 20
SOO Junction 92
20OJunction 94
100O Junction 95
100 Kern Oil Co 11 75
£0 Kern Oil C# 12 CO
20 Kern River IS 00
100 Kern River 17 73
100O Lion Oil Co 23
1200 Monarch of Arizona tS
1300 Monarch of Arizona ". 84
SOO Monarch cf Arizona, b GO S3
.*¦ n Monarch of Arizona, a 60 84
2."." Monte Cristo 2 45
1M> Occidental of W Va 80
20 Occidental of W Va 77
700 Reed Crude Oil Co 65
25 Fan Joaquln Oil & I>v 12 73
£0 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 S7'i
Street— ''..•.
100 Thirty-Three Oil Co 13 50
Afternoon Session.
"Board—
10CO Aetna 4»
2000 Aetna 39
100 Cala-Standard 37
20O Caribou 59
6CO Caribou «O
300 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 35
50 Home Oil ........,'. 4* 10
CO Junction 94
70 Kern Oil CO ". ......V. ;....'...... 12 00
10 Kern River IS »O
loOO Lion Oil Co 2«
300 Lion Oil Co 23
SCO Monarch of Arizona 85
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 90 87
100 Monarch of Arizona, b SO : 89
1P0 Occidental of W Va 73
30 Oil City Petroleum 33 CO
50 Peerless ...'.... 8 50
3000 Petroleum Center 24
70O Reed Crude Oil Co 66
1C0 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 13 00
200 Sterling O & D Co. b 30 3 45
2C0 Sterling O & D Co ; 3 35
Street — -• '
SOO Occidental of W Va 80
1000 Petroleum Center 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAT. Jan. 28—2:30 Dv m.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the ' sales In the Ban
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 25 140O Savage ....... is
200 Challenge Con. 17 100 Sierra. Nevada 19
1400 Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Silver Hill 51
300 Con Cal & Va..l 55 700 Union Con.... - 23
900 Mexican ....... 2S 300 Yellow Jacket.. 1«
700 Ophlr COl
Afternoon Session.
1C0 Andes 091 1Q0 Ophlr ' " f
ICO Belcher 08 30 Ophlr '.'.'. 60
500 Best & Belcher 2tJ 100 Silver Hill «
1200 Occidental 06 250 Yellow-Jacket.. 15
The ! following were the sales la the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
* .' Morning Session.
1300 Best:& Belcher 2411700 Ophir . 60
1S0O C C & Va 1 oO\ 400 Sierra Nevada! 19
600 C C & Va....l 52H| 300 (Union Con 23
SO C C & Va...'...l 457 600 Union Con 24
400 Mexican ....... 27j 200 Yellow Jacket.. 14
SOO Mpxtcnn ....... 2«!
Afternoon Session. .
500 Andes m 100 Mexican 29
300 Belcher 09 200 Ophlr 62
300 Best & Belcher 27 100 Ophir 61
. 500 Chollar .'.. .. 11 600 Potosl 10
200 C C & Va 1 52H 100 Ravage ,. 18
700 Gould & Curry. 3S 400 Sierra Nevada. 19
100 Hale & Nor.... 17 200 Union Con...... 24
400 Mexican ....... 23 200 Yellow Jacket.. 16
¦ CLOSING QVOTATIONS.
'MONDAY, Jan. 2»-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.j Bid. Ask.
....... .......... 03 06 Justice OS 08
Alta 03 05 Kentuck (M ty>
Andes • 08 09 Lady Wash.... — oi
Belcher ..;....:. 07 03 Mexican ....... 23 a
Best &. Belcher 26 27 Occidental 06 07
Bullion ..... 02 04 Ophlr •.... 62 63
Caledonia...... 65 70 Overman '...... 13 14
Challenge Con. 16 WlPotosl 09 " 10
Chollar .'. 10" 1". Savage ig 17
Confidence ..... 72 -74 1 Scorpion ...... «4
Con Cal 4Va..l 30 1 55|Seg Belcher.. 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada is v»
Con New Tork. — 01; Silver Hill...... '. 47 50
Crown Point..: 14 16 St Louis.... _1 in
Eureka Con.... 06 — ISUndard .....'.* 30 4 «
ExcWequer_...... — 02 Syndicate ...... — ?0
Gould & Curry. 40 41 Union Con.... 24 K
Hale &;Nor.... 17 19 Utah '....; ol fa
Julia ....:...... - 03 Yellow Jacket.. 3 18
AVheat, ctls 4,3301 Shorts, sks. 433
Barley, ctls 15,8401 Sugar, ctls 8J0
Beans, sks........ 63S| Tallow, ctls...... 20
Potatoes. sk» ' 9,615 Lime, bblg. .:.... 91
Oats, ctls — 4M Leather; rolls.... Ml
Onions, sks ... 63i);Pelts. bdls... 106
Bran. . sks......... l.SKij Hides, No........ 350
Middlings, sks... .520! Wool/, bales ,43
Hay, tons........ 90f> ; Wine. gals. 77,655
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 12.6701 ..
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska..... 6.1721 Oats, ctls 76fl
EASTERN*.
Oats,: ctls......... C.000)..
FOR : MONDAY. JANUARY 23.
Flour, qr Bks . 12.725 [Straw, tons...... 10
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6*4c; Wool Bags
8?<SS2Hc: Fleece Twine, 7&C '
COAL— Wellington. }9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington,. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, J7; Cocs
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $j: Cumberland. {12 In bulk and J13 25 in
tacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14;-Can
nel. $10. per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulls and
$18 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, ii 45
per 1 2C0O lbs ' and . $S 50 per ton. according to
brand. •
SALT — H. R.H. Salt ha* been advanced to
$12 75 per ton in 200-lb sacks and $13 75 In 50
lb sacks, an advance of \\ 25 per ton.
,¦ 'fcctiAit— ihe >v«rbi«rrii bug^r .i.eliu.ug Com
pany quotes.- per It). In 100-lb bags:
¦ CniFhed. 6.25c: Powdered. -5. 8Sc; Candy Gran
ulated. - B.SSc;. Dry .Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.75c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C.
B.25c; Golden C. 5.15c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c - more. No orders taken for • less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.S0c; boxes. 6.75c per lb. --.
Receipts 'of .Produce.
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 7(SSc for . Steers and 6S7HC per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Sc; small, 9c per lb.
.MUTTON— vVethcrs, S^Cli/c; Lwea. 9@3He
ner pound. ,
LAMB— lOSHc per lb; spring, 12H@14c per lb.
¦ PORK — Live Hocs.-»5"ii«i6c tor smait ana a'-vn
6c for medium and 5%©5%c for large; stock
Hbcs and feeders, 5K@5)4c; dressed Hogs, 7^
@S%c. ¦ ,
The week opened on a steady but unchanged
market.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
SHc; medium. 9ct light. SgSVfcc: Cow Hide*,
jiic for heavy and S0S%c for light; Stags. Cij
6iic: Salted Kip.-9e; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides. 15Hc; Culls. 13}jc; dry
Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. lCglTc; culls and brands,
14c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 2O@3Oc each; short
Wool. 30®55c each: medium, «0©75c; long Wool.
T5c«tl each: Horse -Hides, ei.it. *2 50@2 75 for
large and J2>&2 25 for medium n@l 25 for small
and JOc for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $175 for
large, Jl 50 for medium. SI K for small and GCc
for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins 35c
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins'
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4tftMttc per lb-
No. 2. 3%e: grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows*
Northern, free, 15®15c; Northern,. defective. 12©
14c- Middle County, free. 15@16c; Middle Conn
ty. defective. I2(gl4c: Southern Mountain 12
months'. 9010c: Southern Mountain. fre«.' 7
months'. Il(£fl2c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino, li
©17c:- Nevada. 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H®Sc: do lamb*. 8©
9c; Middle County. 9«10c; Northern Mountain
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain. 7u@8Hc-
Humboidt and Mendocino, Ilgl2o per lb".
HOPS-12016C per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new to report. The market
Is quiet but firm.
CUKEU MEATS-Bacon. ll@ll^c per lb for
heavy. UViQUc for light medium, 12H@13c for
light. "l3H©llc for extra light' and 15«?15Hc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams
v'c' Mess Beef. 112 per barrel; extra Mess, |U;
Family, ?H; extra Prime Pork. JliftU SO; extra
clear, $19 £0@20; Mess, J17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARI)— Tierces quoted at 6WS6«ic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
<iKc- 10-lb tins. 9$c; 5-lb tins, 9T»c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 5'4c; three
half -barrels, Sc; one tierce. 7Tic; two tierces,
7*-*c: five ¦tierces. 7Hc per lb.
FRUITS^-Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, -tc;
30-40s. 7c; 40-50s. 61ic; 50-60s. 4>4c; 6O-70s, 3%c;
79-S0e. 3Hc; S0-3O3, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2>ic; 100-120s.
l>jc; rubles, 'Ac premium; Sonomas, He and
Sa<i Joaqulns Vic less than Santa Claras, ex
cept ICO and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6-gSc for Royals and 10@10V4c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4j}5>Ac;' sun-dried.
1%'62'ic; Peaches, 4fiac for standard, B@8e for
choice and 6%@7c:for fancy; Pears. . 2©7=:
Pli-ma. pitted. 5©GUc; unpitted. 1©1Hc; Nec
tarines tCGVic for red and &%®Sc for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c ...per lb; : choice. He;
standard 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOVic per
lb; choice. Sftc: standard. i%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, CO-lb boxes,
6Vjc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown, 6c
London Layers. 2-crOTTi, Jl 50 per box: 3-crown
Jl CO; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa. J2 50; Im
perial II All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in Callfor-'a.
NUTS— Chestnuts. r310c per' lb for Italian:
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 7>/ic; Almonds. 12©13c for
papershell. 9^11c for softshell: Peanuts. £@6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13e; Filberts. 13c; Pe
can" WS\Zc: Cocoanuts. $3 £0$o.
HONEY— Comb. 13V4©HHe for bright and 12H
fE?13o for light amber ;• water white extracted.
73fc«3c; light amber extracted, 6}»O7c; dark,
VSWtC per lb. •
BEESWAX-24g2Cc per lb.
Provisions.
Eight cars of. Oranges. were auctioned as
follows: Fancy Navels, $1 30® 1 -90; choice do,
tl 1001 33; standard, 80c@$l 10; Tangerines,
Jl S3; Grape Fruit. Jl EC^l S5.
Citrus fruits and Bananas continue as before
quoted.
Fine Apples will brlng ; the top figure. Very
few Pears are seen now. ?
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— --.; V
APPLES— 23® C5c ; per box for common. 75c{?
$1 £0 for good to choice and Jl 75@2 for fancy.
PKAKt>— boot!* I w per dox.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsin*. J13 50 per bar
rel. -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $lfff2;
Seedlings,- DOciSJl; Tangerines. 75c@$l 50; Man
darins. 75c3$l; Lemons, 2"c' ! j Jl 25 for common
and $1 50® J for good to choice; Grape Fruit, $1®
2; Mexican Limes, S* 50435; California Limes. 25
©35c; Bananas. SOcfffl 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
75c© J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Quotations for . Butter. Cheese and Eggs re
mained precisely the " same til around. Re
ctipts of all three were large, as will be seen.
Eggs were tjuoted easy and Cheese weak.
L'xtra creamery Butter continued firm and the
ether grades steady.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 3S.SC0 pounds Butter, 7S0 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, H.2S0 pounds
California Cheese and — ; — pounds Eastern
Cheese. -
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts. 13c; seconds,
17c.-' ¦ ' ¦¦.-.'
Dairy— Extras, l"c; firsts, 15c; seconds. He;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, — r .
Pickle. — per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, lull cream, ll«4c: choice,
10c; common, nominal: Young America*. 12c;
Eastern. lull cream. lo©16V4c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 27c; mixed
colors. 25c per dozen. -¦¦
California gathered— Selected, 21c; standard,
22c; seconds, . ¦ ...
. Freeh j Eastern — Fancy, . ; standard. ;'
seconds, .
Storage— California fancy, ; standard. •
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
small ;: Pigeons. - $1@1 23 per doxen for old and
*2 5002 75 for Squab"- - • -- - • '„ '"
GAME— Quail. 73c@$t for Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard. *2 50®3; Canvasback t2&
3; Sprlfr. $2; Teal. $1 25*31, 50; '.Widgeon. Jl 2*0
ISO; Small Duck. '$1: Black Jack. *1 2a; Gray
Geese. S3: White Geese. $1 23; Brant. »1 uO f or
Email and $2 for large; Honkers. $3® 4 50; Eng
l'sh Snipe.. $2; Jack Snipe. ««1 50; Hare $1©
1'25; Rabbits.- $1' £331 SO for Cottontail and Jl
for 'Brush; Doves. 65@73c per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
8
STOCKS. | Bid. (Asked.
Bid.
American Fuel & Oil Co 3* 29
Aetna 40 —
Burlington' — 20
l>.ar Flag* ; • — 45
Black Jack. ..'...". — 1 45
California-Standard -~ 37 33
Caribou .; • 60 —
California Oil & Gas... 150 3 00
Continental — 1 10
Central Point ". — 8 90
Century — CO
Kl Dorado 173 2 00
Hanford ...; 122 00 130 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River... 30 33
Home Oil Co : 4 10 4 15
Ilomestake — 10 50
Independence — 20
Junction 95
Kern — 1187%
Kern River 13 75 —
Ii'on Oil Co 23 14
Los Angeles O. & T. Co 3 50 4 CO
McKlttrlcTc Consolidated S3 37
Monarch of Arizona 84 85
Monte Crlsto 140 2 60
Occidental of West Virginia... — 79
Oil City Petroleum — M 00
Petroleum Center 24 25
Producers & Consumers — 12 SO
Peerless 8 .37*4 —
Plttsbunt- 35 —
Cueen Esther — so
Reed Crude So- 87
Rex '60 .75
San Francisco & McKlttrlck.. — 2 25
San Joaquin O. & D. Co — 13 CO
Sunset Original 20 43
Senator 2 00 2 30
Twenty-eight 2 27H 2 35
Thirty-three Oil Ccn 12 75 14 00
West Lake •• _ 23 «4
West Shore :.:.... 4 23
Yukon 54 —
8. IM. |T. | -W.IT. |F. IS. I
-iJzzizizlz
Moon's Pbasea.
l| 7| 8 I, > I 10 ! 11 I 12 p\ Full Moon.
, | | j | | j W January 4.
13 | 14 i 15 | 15 ! 17 ! IS 1 13 fj Last Quarter.
1 1 [ 1 j | «¦ ¦ January IX
JL l 2L!Jl l -!L r .!l l 2L I _!Li® x £^ n *2*
STOCKS. | Bid. (Asked.
Bid.
American Fuel & Oil Co 3* 29
Aetna 40 —
Burlington' — 20
l>.ar Flag* ; • — 45
Black Jack. ..'...". — 1 45
California-Standard -~ 37 33
Caribou .; • 60 —
California Oil & Gas... 150 3 00
Continental — 1 10
Central Point ". — 8 90
Century — CO
Kl Dorado 173 2 00
Hanford ...; 122 00 130 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River... 30 33
Home Oil Co : 4 10 4 15
Ilomestake — 10 50
Independence — 20
Junction 95
Kern — 1187%
Kern River 13 75 —
Ii'on Oil Co 23 14
Los Angeles O. & T. Co 3 50 4 CO
McKlttrlcTc Consolidated S3 37
Monarch of Arizona 84 85
Monte Crlsto 140 2 60
Occidental of West Virginia... — 79
Oil City Petroleum — M 00
Petroleum Center 24 25
Producers & Consumers — 12 SO
Peerless 8 .37*4 —
Plttsbunt- 35 —
Cueen Esther — so
Reed Crude So- 87
Rex '60 .75
San Francisco & McKlttrlck.. — 2 25
San Joaquin O. & D. Co — 13 CO
Sunset Original 20 43
Senator 2 00 2 30
Twenty-eight 2 27H 2 35
Thirty-three Oil Ccn 12 75 14 00
West Lake •• _ 23 «4
West Shore :.:.... 4 23
Yukon 54 —
8. IM. |T. | -W.IT. |F. IS. I
-iJzzizizlz
Moon's Pbasea.
l| 7| 8 I, > I 10 ! 11 I 12 p\ Full Moon.
, | | j | | j W January 4.
13 | 14 i 15 | 15 ! 17 ! IS 1 13 fj Last Quarter.
1 1 [ 1 j | «¦ ¦ January IX
JL l 2L!Jl l -!L r .!l l 2L I _!Li® x £^ n *2*
THE 0. R. & B. CO.
DTSPATCM FAST STEAMERS TO
i 3 o :r t i_. r>
From Spear-»tre-t "Wharf at 11 a. m.
rinr $12 First Class Including Berth
in ilL $3 Second Class arjd Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. a
COLUMBIA SalU Feb. 2
Fhort Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and . all points in the Xorthwesc
Through ticKets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
S2> Market st.
occanits.3.co.iass
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu on!y) „
{Saturday. February 2. 2 j>. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Friday. February S, 4 p. m.
ES. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Xew
Zealand and Australia
-Wednesday. February 13. at 9 p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS & BHOS. CO., Bsseraf jtgsnis. 327 foist St
ggn'l Pasanger 313a, 643 Maricst SI., fbr lo. 7. hvlt St
c^p^^Tons
Monthly aallinft for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican portp. Central. South America, etc
PFSOSTRIS SAILS ABOUT February 3. 1301. •
J. 0. SPHECKELS & BE3S. CO.. Sar.eral Agents. 327 Varht St
' Cea't Passenosr Otto. 643 Harkst St., Fter Kg. 7. ?2cfi: St
AMERICAN LINE.
BIV TORS. BOUTHAMPTOa. LOJCDOIf. PA2I3.
Stoppinir at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Xew York Every Wednesday. 1) a, m.
New Tork..... "..Feb. «|Xew York Feb. 27
Kensington . Feb. 13JVaderland March •
St. Louis.. Feb. 20'st. Louis March IS
, RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From Mew Torte Every We<Inesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...Feb. SlFrlesland Feb. 27
Kenslnsrton Feb. M Southwark ...March «
NoordUnd :Feb. »' Westernland... March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAST.
CHA3. D. TATLOR. .
General Agent Pacific Coast.
J3 Montgomery street.
PANAMA R. R, S S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ARGYLL sails Febrnary 5.
S. S. EOAUOKE sails February 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont «t.. at J p. m.
-Freight and passenger office. 33d Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Ccast Agent.
PACI7IC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COJIPANIA SUD AXZSICAN1 OS VAP0HS3
To Valparaiso, stopplnfr at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From toot oj Fre-
mont . street. Sailing:
S. S. GUATEMALA February 7. 1301
S. S. PALEN'A February ». 1301
S. S. COLOMBIA March 7. 1301
8. 8. TCCAPEL March a>. 1901
These steamers are bnilt expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger »ervic«.
(No changa at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger efflc*. 31*5 California street.
DALFOUR. QCTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WIIARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 190^
SS. AMKRICA MARtT Friday. March 13. 1301
SS. HONGKONG JIARU
: Tuesday. April ». 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
ffeieht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
C0XPAO3IZ CSNSRAL3 TEAHSATLAJITHiCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR!?. ,^^_
eaillnj; every Thur'Uay. instfail of -<(J^t5*?!5
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, «««ss<S3S
North River, foot cf Morton street. First class
to Havre. V3 and upward. Second class to
Havre. 315 and BBWirt. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA 13
Droadway (Hudson butltlinsr). New York. J
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
*o!<1 hT »U Ral1rr>ad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
~~FORU. S^HAYnARoTHnALLEJO.
Stea~"- "l» t o'-t!ceno."
."m^l^i^* 3 - Thurs. and Sat. at 9:O
«r Steamers leav* Broadway
»fc. wharf. San Francisco.
fk^. For A'.askin Ports— 11 a. m..
6iKg2s. Jan - **• 31 - Feb - 5 - Chan ** t0
PitJf{2^3^. company's steamers at Seattle.
KSk BS?5\5M For Victoria,. Vancouver » B.
§iiS^5&i Tli C), Port Towa-wr.d. Seattle.
flBB^^JH&a Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes
* and Xew (Wa.«h.)-
/^PH 11 a. m.. Jan. 28. K. Feb. 5.
and every fifth day there-
after Chang* at Seattle for this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. T.y. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to K. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to
C P Ry.
For Enreka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan. a.
Feb. Z. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Rec!ondo <Los An-
geles) — steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 0 >. a:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Panta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
uccs. Port Harford <San Luis Oblspo). Gavi-
ota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneroe. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (I-os Angelas) »M
Newport — Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m. '
For Ensenada. M3gdalena Hay. San Jr>5« <W
Cabo. Mastatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa RosaJU
and Guaymas (lift)- 19 a.m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to cnango
steamers, sailing date* and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE-^4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN'S & CO.. On. A?ts..
!•> Market st.. San T^randsco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL flUCTION S« L E
AT g^^.
PAI^ACE LIVERY STABLE.
112 New Montgomery st.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 21 AT U A. M.
On account of the telephone company having
purchased the entire block for their now build-
Ings I am compelled to offer at auction the
contents of my entire * stable, consisting of
horses, buggies, surreys, rockaways. wagor.a.
harness, robes, etc. Also two good hacks.
This stock was recently purchased by me. Just
prior to the sale of the property, and is in first-
class condition. No reserve or limit.
ED nOHIFFS. Proprietor.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
» Livestock Auctioneers.
Office 227 Sixth St.. S. F. .
OCEAN TRAVEL.Priest's Henroost Robbed.
NOVATO. Jan. 38.— Rev. Father. Byrne's
poultry yard suffered r the loss of several
dozen valuable fowl* last evening. Some
one thoroughly familiar with .the- prem
ises must have been the culprit. No trace
of -the birds has been found. Constables
have instituted, a search In neighboring
towns.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28.— Miss Alice Park
er, for five years teacher in the State In
stitution for tho Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind, and Ray Carroll, who until two
years ago wbb Instructor In physical cul
ture at the same place, were married re-
Asylum Instructors Married.
Robert BDenry Hardin.
SEBASTOPOL, Jan. 28.— Robert Henry
Hardin died 'to-day. The "deceased Was a
native of, this State, aged il years. : :
E. J. Van Vleet.
ST. HELENA, Jan. 28.— E. J. Van Vleet,
a vlneyardlst," died at 'his home In Ruth
erford this ¦ morning. • Mr. Van Vleet was
born '. In ¦ New -York In . 1S2J and - came to
California in, 1850. • At one* time he owned
fifty-two . acres ¦ of' land, in the .. heart of
San Francisco, which he sold In the early
Ws for WOO. He was at one time em-
BERKELEY WILL : HAVE :
. SALOONS IN PLENTY
Trustees Grant Seventeen Liquor
Licenses,- the First Under the
, New x Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28.— The liquor fight
terminated to-night, when : the Trustees
granted seventeen licenses for saloons, the
first that- have -been -granted -under -the
new ordinance. Trustees. Turner 'and
Frame voted against the licenses and
Ho fT, Down and Marston for them,' .Le
Conte being absent.
Mrs.". Lease Must Appear.
- WICHITA. Kans.,; Jan. 28.— Judge Dale
of :the District Court to-day insisted tKat
Mrs ' ' Mary . E. r Lease must positively - be
present when her. petition for, a divorce is
taken, up. Her attorney sought to have
the court grant her a divorce without put
ting her to the expense or a journey from
New York. .'•¦ ¦-" ; - - .' ¦ '>. ;; \-;;
Pioneer, Physician's Illness.
OAKLAND. Jan. 28.— Dr. John F. Mehr
mann.ia 1 Pioneer -phvstclan of this city
and the father - of Coroner , H. B. - Mehr
mann, is seriously 111 at his residence. .152
Isabella street.".- The aged patient, is un
der the constant care of physicians and
nurses.* The. crisis is s expected to-be
reached very soon. „ '
Enelish Teachers Wanted in Japan.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28.— The university
has received a call for five men to teach
English in the Government high schools
of Yamaguchi prefecture, in the southern
part of Japan. The salar- will be »75 gold
(150 yen) per month, besides -the use of a
house rent free. The men must be on the
ground by April 1. The call has come to
the university through Galen M. Fisher,
a graduate of the class of '96. now hon
orary secretary of the student Young
Men's Christian Association union of Ja
pan, with headquarters nt Toklo.
Alumni Military Ball.
BERKELEY, Jan.28.— The Alumni Com
missioned Officers'. Association of. the Uni
versity of. California will give a military
ball on" Tuesday evening, February 12 in
Native Sons' Hall, San Francisco. The
committee in charge of the dance consists
of Lieutenant Colonel C.H. Murphy Ma
jor. Perclval Dolman, Major W. H. Hous
ton, Captain E. A. Denlcke. Captain J. w
Millar. Lieutenant J. D. Hatch and Lieu*
tenant J. A. McGee..
OAKLANIX Jan. 2S.— Alden D. Kllborn.
one of the oldest engineers In the South
ern Pacific Company, died yesterday at
the railroad hospital In San Francisco.
He was foreman of the round house at
Sacramento several years, subsequently
being installed as master mechanic at the
shops at Dunsmuir. . Deceased was 54
years of age, a native of Michigan. Hla
wife and five children survive. The fun
eral will be held to-morrow afternoon at
2 o'clock from the hall of Leland Stanford
Division No. 2S3, Brotherhood of Locomo
tive Engineers.
Death, of Pioneer Engineer.
SEMINAB.T RECEIVES .*.
-":¦ / SUBSTANTIAL BEQUEST
Miss Mary A. Meyers Leaves Amount
of Property to Berkeley The
ological School.
BERKELEY. Jan. 2S.— The Berkeley Bl-
ble Seminary has received $13,000 through
a bequest In the will of Miss Mary a.
Meyers, who died recently in Covirgton.
Ky. Miss Meyers was an Invalid and
came here f<yur years ago for her health.
She became greatly Interested In the work
of the seminar/ at that time, and ar a re
sult has left the greater part of her prop
erty to it.
The seminary was started several years
ago by the Christian church. It Is the
only theological Institution of that de
nomination on the coast. Its courses are
given in connection with the TTniversity
of California. When the seminary was
founded Dr. S. M. Jefferson was placed in
charge. About six months ago he re
signed to accept a professorship In the
East. Dr. Hiram Van Kirk was appointed
to succeed him.
CHRISTIE WILL TRAIN
. . BERKELEY ATHLETES
Well-Known Conditioner of Prince
ton and Other College Teams
Coming to Coast.
BERKELEY, Jan. 2S.-TValter Christie,
a well-known Eastern trainer, has been
secured to take charge of the University
of California athletes during training for
baseball, track and football. He will ar
rive here In about two weeks.
. While East on their last trip the mem
bers of the California track team met
Christie at Princeton and were delighted
with his training methods. His name was
suggested for Berkeley and Graduate
Manager Reno Hutchinson communicated
with him. Besides considering Califor
nia's terms favorable. Christie desired to
come "West. He wired Hutchinson to-day
that he would accept the offer of 41200" a
year for a two-year contract, and that
he could be here in a fortnight.
In auuitlon to taking charge of the phys
ical welfare of the Berkeley athletes In
all branches of sport, an entirely new
departure In athletic 'management Chris
tie will probably coach the baseball squad
He will also be a good track coach, as
he Is an experienced sprinter, with a 100
yard dash record of 9 3-5 seconds. During
the past season Christie has been train
ing the Annaoolis football squad, with
"Garry" Cochran as coach. For two full
years prior he was. with the Princeton
men. ¦ That college bid for him again this
year. He is one nf the best known train
era in the United States. .,
Christie's arrival in California will be
in good season, as baseball practice com
menced to-day. • By, the time he reaches
here the men will be in their positions for
the final trv outs.
Baseball Captain "W. C. Hunter got. the
men together and had them- sign for prac
tice. The following named are on'the roll 1
R. A. Roos, F. E. Talmage, Warren
Smith, Charles Hamilton; F. C. Doremu "
E. P. Gardiner. H. Hansen, C. R BroWn-
Ing, A. R. Powers, J. O. Hansen S H
Phelan, E. M. Hitting, ¦ M. A, Plumb L
J. Kennedy, Frank G. Kutz, T. L, Hatn
lin, Edward Fautz, D.Q. Adams' R p
Sherman," 1j.- -A.- Womble.E. R Kln»' w°
C. Wells. E. Duden. W. H. Ramsaur R
S. Jones. H. E. Scruggs, C. de Lancev' r'
W.- Ward well. G. R. BakerT L , W
Symmes, O. Overall, A. C. Wright : 'S*
C. Faneuf, Homer Hotchkiss, H. G But
ler, M. Warner.
COAST BREVITIES.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 28.— Ah Bow attacked
another Chinaman In "Watsonville with an ax,
to-day. Inflicting a dangerous wound in the
back. The wounded man's condition Is pre
carious.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 2S.-The City Trustees
to-nleht adopted a resolution of Intention to
call an election at which the cltliens will
vote on a proposition to isdue $750,000 in ttonds
for a new sewerage system,' water mains, city
hall and hlsh school.
SEATTLE. Jan. 28.— Word was received In
Seattle to-dav announcing the safe arrival In
Hcnolulu of the four-masted schooner. A. M.
Baxter, which left this port for that place No
vember 30 and for. the safety ot which con
siderable anxiety had been felt
ROSEBURG, Or.. Jan. 28. — John Bruntl.
aged 3S, a native of Scotland, was this morn
ing examined by Judge Robinett and com
mitted to the Insane asylum. Shortly after
noon he committed suicide by cutting his throat
with a piece of tin six inches long.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 2S.— The residence of Dr.
M. R. Stapp, at the corner of SL James and
Crlttenden streets, was destroyed by flre early
this morning. The loss Is about S3000. Just
how the fire started Is a mystery. . The family
was in Ean Francisco on a visit at the time.
VANCOUVER.- Jan. 28.— A petition was filed
in- the Superior Court of Clark County to-day
ty the Washington and Oregon Kallway Com
tany asking that condemnation proceedings be
Instituted for the acquisition of right of way
lor a railroad from Portland to Seattle.
SACRAMBNTO. Jan. 28.— Tim Sheld had his
rtRht foot cut oft by a train at Brighton
Junction to-nUht. and while being taken lo
the Recelvln* Hospital attempted suicide by
cutting his throat with a penknife because of
the pain he suffered, but was prevented, by
the police officers. : .
RUISUN Jan. 2S.— Last Anirust H. Jeff Dob-
Mrs shot "and killed E. Ball In Vaeavllle.
bobbins was tried in the Superior Court and
\»a« found KUilty of murder in the first de
eree with the" penalty fixed at imprisonment
for- 'lire To-day his counsel made a motion
for a new trial, which was denied by Judge
SAN DIEGO Jan. 28.— Stevedores dlschargrinB
the cargo of 'the Carlisle City have found con
.lderable damage.: done because of the rough
wftather through which the steamer passed.
About two carloads of matting- stored between
the decks has been discolored by water leak
ing through the decks. , , - ¦ .
SAN ' JOSE, Jan.- 28.— Mandamus proceedings
were commenced this afternoon by Mrs.' Emily
T Spring against Sheriff Langford to compel
that official to turn over to her the roods and
Droterty of the T. W. Spring Company which
coir prise the interest of her divorced husband.
H. M. .-N. Spring, who is in arrears .for ali
mony. - . .'.'¦¦. . ¦•
BANTA CRUZ, Jan. 23.— Detectives Hume
and Crowley are here assjstlnjr in the investi
gation in the burglaries of Aptos and Cap! tola
stations. »Charles MoKee, who - was arrested
in San Jose on suspicion, was brought here to
day. When asked why he ran away he said
he was in jail several years age* for beating 'a
man and the experience^ has made ¦ him wary
of jails. When Sheriff Besse spoke ' to him
the remembrance of his Jail experience caused
him to run away. ,• / - „•
NEW LIBRABY BTTLLDINQ
WORKMEN" ARE STRTKINQ .
Object to Handling Material Said to
Have Come From an Unfair
Mill.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— All of the men
employed on the new public library build
ing went on strike this afternoon, be
cause Contractor Barrett, they claimed*,
was using millwork from Nlehaus & Co..
Berkeley, a firm the Building Trades
Council had declared unfair during tba
mlllmen's strike.
The strike affects all members of th<s
trades unions affiliated with the cotinci!.
It Is one of the outcomes of the mlllmen'3
strike for an eight-hour day of employ
ment. The millmen have had pickets out
watching all building Jobs for evidence as
to the millwork used upon them. When
ever ¦work is sent out from mills on th»
"unfair" • list the job is declared unfair
and either a strike or a settlement with
the contractor ensues.
Contractor Barrett has not decided what
move he 'will make, except to ask for an
extension of time upon his contract from
the free library trustees.
ployed In the San Francisco Mint, and
for a number of years was engaged In
farming In Alameda and Napa counties
He had resided in this vicinity the past
twenty-one years.
DISCLOSE THE STORY
• OF A SECRET WEDDING
' OAKLAND. Jan. 28.— After a year of se
crecy, Will J. Quigley Jr. and his wife.
formerly Miss Jessie Howie, have an
nounced their marrlase- They were wed r
ded away from home, and returned after
ward to their respective residences. The
groom resides at 1765 Grove street. Mrs.
Quieley is the daughter of Thomas
Howie, a millwright, residing on Syca
more street: The parents were informed
of the marriage only a few days ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•».... HIS Broadway. Jan. 23.
"When the case of Contractor John
Worthlngton against the City Auditor wa3
Submitted to Judge Hall this afternoon
the court announced that on account or
the far-reaching significance of the suit
he would withhold his decision until: he
had examined the authorities- cited by
counsel on both sides.
"Worthlngton's attorney In his opening
argument last week attacked the validity
of the State eight-hour law, under which
the labor unions pfotested the payment of
Worthington's claim on the city treasury.
The unions, which are making the defense,
although the suit Is nominally against the
city, retained Attorney J. E. McElroy to
conduct their case, with State Commis
sioner of Labor F. V. Meyers as associate
counsel. *
Meyers- and McElroy directed their ar
guments to the constitutionality of the
eight-hour law and its application to the
present instance.
It was urged that a State or city has
the same right, under the constitution to
employ labor as the Individual, has, he'nc*
may say for what hours Us employes shall
work. Decisions of Federal and State Su
preme Courts were cited in support of
this principle. It was further contended
by the defense that this law applies to all
municipalities whose charters do not ex
pressly delegate the power of regulating
hours of labor to the city government
It was shown tnat the charter granted
to the city of Oakland contains no such
provision, and counsel argued that there
fore the general law- controlled the city in
that respect.
In reply to the argument of the plain
tiff's attorney that the Auditor had ex
ceeded • his prerogatives in rejecting
"TOorthlngton's claim, McElroy said that
all city officials were call#d upon to ex
ercise .their Judgment as to whether a
claim was just or not. and that as the
general law provided for a forfeiture on
the amount of a contract It was the duty
of the Auditor to withhold the amount of
tne forfeiture. . • -
The principle contention of the hearing
has related to the exercise of this func
tion by the City Auditor, the plaintiff
claiming that It was a Judicial function,
hence unconstitutional.
• Judge Hall Bald that apparently the
State Supreme Court had ruled that a
city official had no right to determine
what portion of a claim should be held
out, but- that If such were the case he
should refuse to follow the ruling, as it
appeared td him Invalid. His Honor said
that it was the obvious. duty of a city of
ficer to protect the city's interests. Should
a contest arise, .he said, the dissatisfied
party could always have recourse to the
courts. • ... .
Takes Under Advisement
Suit Involving State
Eight-Hour Law.
COURT WILL NOT
DECIDE AT ONCE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 28.
The Chief of Police started a nickel-ln
the-slot machine cruside to-day and made
a number of arrests and' seizures of ma
chines. This action was taken by the
Chief upon the evidence gathered by a
detail of policemen that the machines
were being operated contrary to a recent
decision given by Superior Judge Greene
In a test case.
The court in the specific case held that
a guarantee offered a player by a cigar
dealer of merchandise equal In value to
the amount hazarded In the machines
kept the devices outside of the pale of the
The Chief of Police claims that he has
evidence now that the boxes are being
played without the guarantee.
Policemen Boyee, Cox, Turner and Hen
derson were detailed to investigate. Upon
their reports the following named dealers
were complained against and warrants for
their arrest were issued:
O Bergsten, SeTfnth and Chester streets; O.
Cavaenaro. 1520 Seventh Hrreti A. O. Fergu
son 17M* Seventh etreet; Albert Fontlcr, Elev
enth-street and Broadway; C. E. Qulfflry.
Seventh and Washington etrwU; Joseph Rr>
senbenr 9«7 Broadway: H, Scharman, Twelfth
*»reet and Broadway: Fred Poehl. MacdonouRh
bullrtinjt: Polk Gray, Wjmhlngton «treet. near
Tenth; Frank rereira. Eighth and Washington
streetH 1 Itobert Kuerr^I, Klghth and Broad
way i D.-SSutHfte. Washington etreet, near
Seventh; J. D. Murray. P. Gordon and L.
Lorenz.
Alleged Failure to Offer
Guarantees Is Cause
of Action.
OAKLAKD, Jan. 28.— Cupid, with a
twentieth century hustle, caught
a couple of victims last week at
Haywards In record-breaking
time. Four days after- Miss Fran-,
ces Kelly, a plump and pretty young
waitress from San Francisco, arrived a-.
the Villa Hotel she was the betrothed of
Frank N. Jersey, head clerk of the Hay
wards hostelry. The next day there was
a wedding in the hotel parlors and all of
Haywards enjoyed the festivities that fol
lowed the romantic courtship and mar
riage.
It was the old story of love at first
Bight. Miss Kelly did not have to make
goo-goo eyes to win the handsome clenc.
In fact he says he just tumbled head over
heels in love as soon . as he caught a
glimpse of the new arrival from the city.
Indeed Miss Kelly was hardly Installed
in, her position before her admirer lost no
opportuntly to throw himself in the way
of his bright eyed enchantress.
Mine host, D. G. Frnntz, observed that
his clerk was mentally disturbed and
pressed the young man for an explana
tion. Jersey confided to the genial land-
POLICE SEIZE
SLOT MACHINES
lord that he was smitten beyond repair,
that the little love-god had shattered hts
heart and that the girl from Ban Francls
co only could rehabilitate it.
Frantz was willing to relieve tho love
lorn clerk and did not place any obstacles
in the way of the couple meeting. So Jer
sey, with a clear Held, went after the
prize. Within four days they were en
gaged. Frantz and his wife were at once
informed.
"'Now you've won her, ray boy," Bald
the landlord. "Don't lose any time."
Miss Kelly was consulted. Nothing loth,
she consented to the plan, so the fifth day
of the acquaintance was fixed upon for
the wedding.
Wednesday evening at 9 o'clock the
guests at the Villa were bidden to the
marriage feast. Rev. Father Lally offl
elated.' Miss Barbara Frates was the
bridesmaid and Victor La Grave acted as
best man. Afterward there was a wed
ding supper, at which Captain Richard
Barren v.'as tqastmaster.
The groom resided for many years at
Porterville, where he wax Chief of the
Fire Department. Miss Kelly's parents
were notified of the wedding after it took
place. ' ¦
cently in Montgomery, Ala. They will re
side in the East.
MRS. FRANK N. JERSEY, WHO LOST HER HEART AND BECAME A
BRIDE .IX FIVE DAYS, AND DID NOT NOTIFY HER PARENTS UN
TIL THE DEED WAS DONE.
DISAFFECTION IN THE .
INSURGENT CAMPS
One Thousand Filipinos Swear Alle
giance to the, United States
at Malabon.
MANILA, Jan. 2«.— Reports from South
ern Luzon 6ay there is much disaffection
in the insurgent camps. A thousand per
sons ewore allegiance to the United States
in a church at Malabon 8unday.
Calllrs Camp, near Ean Antonio, was
surprised and attacked Friday by a de
tachment of the Fifteenth Infantry. The
inpurgolits escaped, but a ecore o£ houses
were destroyed.
Detachments of the Fourth Infantry and
Fourth and Sixth Cavalry, with a platoon
of marine?, have captured 140 identified
insurgents and Ladrones in Cavite prov
ince. Twenty wire repairers were at
tacked recently south of San Pablo by 300
Insurgents, half of them armed with rifles.
Two Americans were wounded and one
was captured, but subsequently released
by reinforcements of the Forty-ninth Reg
iment. One native was killed, seven were
wounded and several were captured.
BURGLAR BOBS AN EDITOR.
Makes His Escape With a Little Sub
scription Money.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 2S.— A burglar en
tered the residence of. Duncan McPherson.
editor of the Sentinel, this rooming. He
took the editor's clothes from a bedroom
and carried them to F. A. Hlhn's place
on the Earae street, where he rifled the
pockets, obtaining %Z In coin. The clothes
were found, together with several checks
r.r.d keys, which the burglar left on the
floor.
HOPE TO STBIKE A GUSHER.
Eastern Capitalists ' Lease Oil Land
Near Gilroy.
GILROY. Jan. 28.— E. D. Crawford to
day bonded 1GG0 acres of the. mountain
ranch of Whltehurst & Hodges, west of
Gllroy. It is understood that Eastern
capitalists are back of the deal and that
the land will be developed for oil. An oil
cprlng bubbles out of the ground and nat
ural gas issues from the spring. It. Is In
tended to elnk a well here, and from the
Indications on the surface it would not be
surprising if a "gusher" were struck.
Killed by a Fall.
BUTTE. Jan. 28.— George KIngsbury and
Anthony Smale were Instantly killed this
morning In the L. E. R. mine by falling
from the cage while being hoisted toward
the eurface. It is supposed they were
overcome by gas.
CHOCTAWS THBEATEN
TO DESTEOY BAELROAD
They Have Planned a Raid on the
Missouri, Kansas and
Texas.
ST. LOT'IS. Jan. 2S. — Considerable anx
iety is felt by officials of the Missouri,
Kar.pas and Texas Railroad over the situ
ation in the Indian Territory. General
Attorney Clifford Jacksos of the road,
who Is on the ground, received definite
information from a full-blood Choctaw
Indian to the effect that a meeting of that
ration had decided to destroy the prop
erty of all railroads in the Territory, with
the exception of the Choctaw, Oklahoma
and Gu'.f and Santa F« roads.
In a letter dated Muskogee. January 2G,
to General Solicitor James Hagerman, Mr.
Jackson says:
"Last night United Etates Marshal Ben
nett ar.d Indian Agent Schoenfeldt inter
viewed a Choctaw, who pledged them to
keep his name secret, but who was anx
ious to place what Information he pos
pesped in the hands of Government offi
cials. He *aid there has been a. meeting
of full-blood Choctaws. In which the
cturse to be purpued- by them had been
determined. Among v other things it was
decided to run ail white- men out of
the nation. Only two railroads in the
Choctaw Nation, which had a right to be
constructed under the treaty of 1SG3. upon
which rbe full-b!oods claim to stand, are
the Choctaw. Oklahoma and Gulf Rail
road and the St. Louis and San Francisco
Railroad. They decided, therefore, to de
stroy the Missouri. Kansas and Texas
road. Six hundred light horsemen took
oath that they would at an appointed
time attack different parts of the Mis
souri. Kancas and Texas tracks and burn
bridges and trestles, liennett and Schoen
i'vit believe that this plan will be car
ried out within the next ten days. These
gentlemen believe that there is more dan
per in the valley of the Canadian River
and advise every possible precaution be
ing taken by the road."
• a LAMEDA. Jan. 28,-Mlss Llllie M.
f\ Sealy Is one of the soloists who
/.\\ have volunteered their services
AJA for the concert which Is to be
given by the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society Wednesday evening at Lafayette
Hall. Miss Sealy possesses a sweet
Boprano voice and is one of the young
singers of Alameda who are getting the
praise and attention of the concert-goers.
"She is the soprano in St. Joseph's Church
° Besides Miss Sealy the participants in
the concert will be Miss Madeline Cush
man pianist: Mrs. Edith Norman Klock.
soprano; Mrs. Alice Shed-Langstroth, elo
cutionist; Miss Leanor Center, pianist;
Miss Emma Hunter, the Misses Mecart
ney and Miss Elliot, stringed Quartet;
Miss Georgiana, Miss Center and Miss
Mayne Higglna, accompanists; Rev.
Father Sesnon, barytone:. S. J. Sandy,
banjoist and elocutionist; w. J. O'Brien,
tenor; Tom Hlckey, elocutionist; George
Clark, elocutionist; D. A. Campbell, trom
bone soloist.
The appearance of Father Sesnon Is at
tracting a great deal of Interest. His
years of study abroad gained for him the
approval of foreign critics, and hla voice
is said by those who have heard it to be
superb. " Since entering the priesthood.
Father Sesnon has not been heard in con
certs. It Is very unusual for Catholic
clergymen to sing at such affairs.
The ladles of the aid society are work
ing hard for the success of the concert-
They accomplish much effective and wldey
spread charitable work among the worthy
poor of Alameda.
MISS LILLIS M. SEALT, SOPRANO OB 1 ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH CHOIR,
WHO WILL SING AT THE CONCERT TO BE GIVEN BY THE CATHO
LIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
A1CATHAZ DRILL COBPS
IN BLACK-FACE SHOW
Clever Amateurs Entertain a Large
Audience With Bright and
Snappy Performance.
OAKLAND. Jan. 28.— Blackface was
king to-nisrht at Alcatraz Hall. The !a
dles of Alcatraz Drill CoVps care a genu
ine old-fashioned minstrel show, and the
entertainment was a success. The spa
clous hall was overtaxed by the crowd
that from the opening chorus to the last
line of the farce was kept amused to the
bursting point.
The hit of the evening was the minstrel
first part Forty young women, whose
natural charm of feature and complexion
¦was bidden behind, a solid coat ins of
black, held forth. Those who formed tli*
ends were: Bones— Captain Harry Ad
ams. Mrs. H. L. Whltehead. Miss Stella
Ltghtner. • Miss Vera Morino and Miss
Bertha Neal. Tambos— H. P. Hooe, H. L.
Whltehead, Miss Lizzie Madison, Mis*
Bella Ten Eyck and Miss Sadie Hallet*.
Miss Lulu Xeal led the 'way as Inter
locutor.
Among the singers were D. P. Hooe,
Miss Minnie Hallett, Miss May Peters.
Clarence Castell. Harrv Cooner, Georga
McGee. A. R. Newhard, George Farrell.
H. L. Whtt«head and Miss Helen New
hard. Miss Anita Jenkins gave some fancy
dancing. The stump speech of Mrs. Lulu
Adams was a. hit. Tho zoboo sextet, com
posed of Mrs. H. L. Whltehead. Miss A-R
nes Sterling, Miss Alice L© Noir. Miss
Agnes Brandt, H. L. Whitehead and Cap.
tain Harry Adams, won encores. Thera
wer© recitations and a cakewalk by Le
vtna Chapin and Geonro Parrell. Mrs.
H. L. Whltehead appeared in a musical
tableau. Mis9 Gertrude Summers, M'33
Robbins and the Newhards gave a double
duet. •*
The concluding number was the clever
handling of "The Jury Trial." a farce by
a local author, by the ' following cast:
Judce Frlcfc. Captain Harry Adams; Lawyer
Abe Leach, H. L. Whltehead: Lawyer Phil
Walsh. Bonea; Pat Crowe, P. D. Hooe; Officer
Mitchell. Miss Lulu Xeal; Clerk Hennessey.
Mrs. Madison: Foreman Walter Manuel. Miss
Sadie Hallett: Jury. Alcatraz Drill Corps.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 28.— Rear Admiral Si
las Casey is now in command of the Pa
cific squadron. Rear Admiral Kautz
has retired from active command and to
morrow will eo upon the retired list of
the navy, having reached the age limit.
The change took place at 11:30 o'clock this
forenoon, on the battleship Iowa. The
ceremonies were simple and strictly ln.ac
cordance wlfh naval regulations.
Admiral Kautz and Admiral Casey left
their hotel together, the latter ¦- be
ing accompanied by his aid. Lieutenant
Commander C. A.Tappln. who will act aa
flag lieutenant of the Iowa under Admiral
Casey. The officers' were attired in the
full uniform of their ranks. Bv the ttmo
they reached the battleship aa tne offi
cers and men were mustered on deck to
witness the ceremonies. These were con
ducted from the Quarterdeck of the ves
sel.
Admiral Kautz read the order from the
Navy Department detaching him from tho
service and placing him on the retired lls;
of naval officers. Immediately following'
this official declaration Admiral Casey
read the order of the department assign
ing him to the command of the Pacific
Coast Squadron and relieving Admiral
Kautz. A salute of . thirteen guns was
fired in honor of the retiring admiral anl
at the sound of the final gun • Admiral
Kautz's flag was hauled down. A salute
of thirteen guns was then fired in honor
of the new commander of the Pacific
Coast Squadron and at the sound of ths
last gun Admiral Casey's flag • was
hoisted. • .
Admiral Casey's first order was a sim
ple one, directing the dismissal of men
from muster. Captain Cooper oassed the
word to the first lieutenant and through
him along the line of officers down to the
boatswain's chief mate, who piped down
the crew and the ceremony was finished.
* Admiral Kautz and his wife will remain
here until May or June and will then
leave for the East and for Europe. After
a year abroad they expect to return to
San Dlesro to reside permanently.
The orders directing that the Iowa rjro
ceed to Puget Sound have been rescinded
and she will remain here for some weeks
at least.
ANDREW &LASSELL.
Pioneer Attorney Succumbs to Death
at Los Angeles. \ .
L«jS ANGELES, Jan. 2S.— Andrew Glas
sell of Los Angeles died at his home this
morning. Mr. Glassell has been 111 for
ten weeks.
Mr. Glassell was In his active life one of
the foremost attorneys of Los Angeles
and, before he came here, of Sacramento.
His name is indissolubly linked with the
settlement of the almost interminable
litigation and out-of-court adjudications
that had their origin in the old Spanish
grants. He was United States Attorney
at Sacramento during the, administrations
of Presidents Pierce and Buchanan, and
this work naturally fell to him.
Mr. Glassell was born in Virginia, Sep
tember 20, 1S29. Ills parents removed to
Alabama, and he was educated in that
State, graduating from the University of
Alabama. Soon after his graduation Mr.
Glassell decided to come to California.
He arrived in San Francisco in 1S51. His
appointment to the United States Attor
neyship soon followed. In 1S57 he married
a daugnter of Dr.* H. H. Toland, a pioneer
physician of San Francisco. Dr. Toland
¦was founder of the medical college bear
ing his name, ¦which is now a part of the
University of California. Several children
were born of this un.on. Of them there
are living Mrs. H. M. Mitchell. Mrs. Har
rington Brown and Hugh, Andrew. •'Wil
liam T. and Philip Glassell, all in Los
Angeles. Mr. Glassell was married again
in 1SS5 to Mrs. Virginia Ai.cou-Ring of
New Orleans. She died about four years
ago.
While practicing his profession Mr.
Glassell was the senior of the firm of
Glassell. Chapman & Smith. He was one
of the incorporators of and attorney for
the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank. He
also Incorporated the Los Angeles and San
Pedro Rallrdad, and was prominent in Its
management until it was absorber! by the
Southern Pacific Company!. When this
transfer was made he became chief coun
sel of the railroad company in Southern
California, and remained in that capacity
until he finally decided to retire. '
PASSING AWAY OF
MRS. MARY E. BEAMER
OAKLAND, Jan. 2S.— Mrs. "Mary E.
Beamer, wife of Richard H. Beamer,
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion, passed away this morning at 8
o'clock at the East Bay Sanitarium,
where she had been under care for six
weeks. Mrs. Beamer was taken ill with
the grip. Complications followed which
speedily rendered her condition very seri
ous. Every attention that medical skill
could give was utilized, but without avail.
The Family residence of the Beamers has
been for many years at Woodland, Re
cently they moved to Berkeley, taking a
home on Bancroft way. in order that
sons and a daughter might be near the
university.
Mrs. Beamer was born In Kentucky In
1851. In 1869 she was married to Mr.
Beamer and the family moved to Cali
fornia. The* surviving children are Rich
ard F. "Beamer, a student at the dental
college in San Francisco; Miss Blanche
Beamer. a student at the university; Mrs.
C. B. Hobson, and Joseph Beamer.
The funeral will be held at Woodland
on Wednesday.
James Broderick.
SAUSALITO, Jan. 28.— James Broderick,
a past president of Seapoint Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, was burled
here this morning. The funeral was head
ed by Richardson's band' and was largely
attended. The deceased was a son of John
Broderick. who came here in the '40's. He
was 30 years old.
Captain Wallace. j
LAFAYETTE. Ind.'. Jan. 28.— Captain
Wilson Dewitt Wallace. Judge of the Su
perior Court of Tippecanoe County, and
well known as an author, died to-night
from the effects of a fall.
Sir John McClure.
LONDON. Jan- 28.— Sir John McClure,
Conservative, member of : the House of
Commons for the Stratford division of
Southeast Lancashire., died this morning 1 ,
in the sixty-sixth year of his age.
ANGELS CAMP. Jan, 28.— Charles D.
Reynolds, a' mining man. died at Milton
on Saturday. He was a pioneer of Cala
veras County. .•
Charles D. Reynolds.
Vicomte de Bornier.
PARIS, Jan.' 28.— Vicomte Henri de Bor
nier, the poet, dramatist and member of
the French Academy, Is dead, aged '„ 75
years.' . '¦.-'•- - .' ¦-.' ¦'
Retiring Officer Will Spend a Year
in Europe and Then Make San '
Diego Has Permanent
, Home.
Assumes Command of the
Pacific Squadron, of
Warships.
ADMIRAL CASEY
SUCCEEDS KAUTZ
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Never did the
women of New York and vicinity make a
greater rush for a bargain counter than
hundreds made to-day to get the babies
offered free by George Blair, Superintend
ent of the Outdoor Poor. The» demand far
exceeded the supply, and two stray waifs
who were sent to Randalls Island Infant
Asylum on the noon boat wero "spoken
for" before they had been in the Institu
tion half an hour.
"I am very sorry," said Mrs. Mary C.
Dunphy, superintendent of -the institu
tion, to two women who called to select a
baby shortly after 1 o'clock, "but all the
babies have been selected already."
"If you wish-," Mrs. Dunphy continued.
"we will place your application on record,
and when we receive a baby correspond
ing with your description we will notify
you and you can come ami see If it la
what you want."
Thus wan started the "waiting: list."
Never probably did a waiting list grow
more rapidly. When night fell women ap
plicants for babies were still waiting- to
ha.Ve their names and addresses placetl
upon the schedule.
Superintendent Blair, anxious to have
the city relieved of some of the little
foundlings who are deserted every year,
builded better than he knew when ho in
vited the public through the Herald on
Sunday to Inspect his supply of babies.
He found his offlc« beslejrsd by applicants
this morning 1 - There were some men in
the crowd, but the great majority wero
TTcmen.
All were told that they would find a sup
ply of babies at Randalls Island, and Su
perintendent Blair furnished all applicants
with passes to the baby mecca.
Superintendent Blair Offers 'Waifs for
Adoption and Is Overwhelmed
by Applicants of Both
Sexes. "j _v£:j! -^
RUSH OF WOMEN
TO SELECT BABIES
Demand Far Exceeds - the
Supply on Randalls
Island.
GLAZE'S DEFENSE
IS COMMENCED
Attempt to Discredit Testi
mony of O'Connor, the
Bellboy.
Butcher Who Formerly Sold Meat to
Hot?l Says He Heard Trew
hella Threaten to Kill
Glaze.
Contrary to expectation the defense In
the ra*e of Robert "E. Glaze, charged with
the murder of his partner. William Trew
holta. at the Windsor Hotel, on the 14th
inst., commenced yesterday morning to
put witnesses on the stand in Judge Con
lan's court and it it intended to submit
the whole of the testimony In behalf of
the defendant. Tho first object was to
discredit the testimony of John H. O'Con
nor, the bellboy, and the second to show
by witnesses that Trewhella had threat
ened to kill Glare as far back as last Sep
tember.
O'Connor was called yesterday morning
tOT further cross-examination by Attor
:iew W. \V. Foote. O'Connor denied that
he had f=a1d to Mrs. Glaze in the presence
of !i?r daughter Mabel that he had not
fern anything of the shooting. Neither
did he recollect saying- anything of the
klr.d to a Mr. Lawton. He was so fright
em«d at the time that he did not know
really what he did say.
Kr>r the defense John S. Law-ton, a guest
at the Windsor, testltled that Fhortly
aftrr the shooting he had asked O'Connor
If he knew anything about It and O'Con
nor had replied that he did not. Christo
pher Merchant, butcher at 25 Sixth street,
u!sr> testified that he had asked O'Connor
¦ similar question and had received tne
same rt>p!y. He had conversations ¦with
Trewhe'la in September and December
and Trewhclla said that he would, have to
pell out to avoid trouble. Merchant ,sup
jtiied meat to the hotel..
Samuel Mayers, a former partner of
Merchant in the butcher business, test' •
tied that about last Admission day he was
at the Windsor and Trewhella came to
him and said: "You have trouble with
your partner Rnd 1 have trouble with
mine. Unless 1 get ray money out of the
, I will kill him." He told Glaze
what Trewhella had paid. He had visited
O!oz«? in the City Prison, he said on cross
fxair.ination.
Royden Porter, an ex-employe at the
"Windsor, testified that he was in the bar
room January 14 and heard five phots. Ke
ran downstairs and met O'Connor com
ing from the kitchen toward the office.
He had two or three conversations with
O'Connor about the Ehootlng and O'Con
nor had voluntarily told him he knew
nothing about it.
During cross-examination Porter said he
eaw Glaie coming from the kitchen with
a revolver in his hand. O'Connor was in
the door of the kitchen and Trewhella's
bofly was about six inches from the door.
This corroborated O'Connor's testimony.
Silas Hatch of Nebraska, who had been
employed by O'Connor to act as bellboy
In November and In the beginning of this
month, testified that on January 6 he
heard Glaze say to Trewhella: "What Is
the use of your threatening me? I al
¦vvays» treated you on the square." In No
vember he also saw them, talking in the
courtyard.
AtTorr.ey Foote said that he had about a
dozi-n other witnesses. Including the de
fendant and his wife, but a? he had to go
to Sacramento he asked for a continuance
an*1 the case was continued till Friday
morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, -JANUARY .29, 1901. C
Miss Eillie Sealy Among Those Who
Will Appear for Catholie Ladies 1
WELL KNOWN AMATEURS
TO SING AT CONCERT
Hay wards Hotel ' Clerk Woos, Wins
and Marries a Pretty Waitress
in Five Days.
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
CUPIDS QUICK WORK
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
WmUCATL ENTKEESl
g *nd delicious sauces easily mada by J|
EXTRACT of Beef ATHE SAK FKA&CISCO QAIjL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1901.
10
• HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG girl for small family; plain cooking and
i housework. Call 9 to 12 a. m. at 1810 Laguna.
• GIRL wanted to do general housework. 117
' Clipper, bet. 85th and 26th. Church & Sanchez.
• GIRL for plain sewing. Crescent Feather Co..
/ 152 New Montgomery st." .
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
¦ -827 . Hayea st. . j •
WANTED— Girl to do general housework. 1736
: Sutter st. . . •
: SMALL girl, assist in light housework ; good
• home; orphan preferred. 432 Fifth st.
i GIRL for general housework; 4 adults; refer-
; ence. 19SQ Sutter st. . ", ,
WANTED-A waitress for plain work. . _06
i Howard st., near First.
. EXPERIENCED apprentice girls and appren-
tices on custom coats; paid while learning.
; 126 Runs et., . •
, A NEAT young girl for housework; wages $12
' to $15. 710 Hyde st. . '
YOUNG lady . bookkeeper for laundry; refer-
i ences and wages.. Box 1366, Call offlce.
WANTED— A good girl for cboking and general
housework; good wages, f all 3601 Clay st.
\ WANTED— An experienced* saleslady in bak-
ery. Apply 133 O'Farrell st. • ¦ .¦
WANTED— An' experienced waitress; no other
need apply. ' 113 Turk St.- ; ...
, WOMAN or girl; general housework; $15 a
month; sleep home." 131A O'Farrell st. .
WANTED — German girl for general house-
work. Apply 414_ Van Ness ave., bet. 9 & 12. •
WANTED— Girl for shooting gallery; call 10 j
a. m. 424 Dupont st. '
GIRL for general 'housework. S6 Belvedere
St., bet. Frederick and Waller.
SEWING machine operators * wanted at I_e-1
6trauss & Co.'s overall: factory. 82H Fremont
it.' Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREKNE-
BAUM. W T EIL & MICHAELS. 631 'Mission.
WANTED — A reliable, earnest woman about
$30. Box 1423, Call.. • , . >
GIRLS to. sew on belts;, also corder. 12S1
Broadway, flat F. MRS. VEIRS.
WANTED-Coat finisher. 24 Hayes st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fi.'lmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call Advertisements and
subscriptions has been establish** at 1098
Valencia ft. ' . .
HELP ' WAXTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT'
Broiler, hotel, $80; roast cook, hotel, $60;
broiler, hotel, $50; fry cook, hotel. $45; vege-
table cook, hotel, $35; cook and helper. Insti-
tution. ?55, see party here;' cook, country ho-
tel, $50, fare advanced; -3 walterst $25; pol-
isher and starcher, $35.
English couple as coachman and cook, pri-
vate place, country; colored couple for pri-
vate place, country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. . ' ¦- . •:
A YOUNG man as assistant clerk: must be a
stenographer and typewriter; $30' and ln-
crease. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
...Leading Employment- and Labor Agents...
.-......;.:.. WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Young man. drive delivery wagon $9 week
2 coal miners, see boss here !
milker, 10c fare $30 and found
choreman, private place, see boss here
choreman and milk, $1 fare $23 and found
farmer and wife 3 farm hands & teamsters
butter-makers and milkers choreboys
woodchoppers and tiemakers, tools furnished.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay 8t.
A — CAMP cook, near city *.$45 and found
night cook, small place ...'.JS week
2- choreboys. Institution. ..$15 and found
7 cooks $45, $40 and $10 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— WANTED
6-horse plow teamsters, $26; milker, Oakland, j
$30; laborers for foundry. $1 75 a day, groom !
for trotters in training, barn. $20 and found; j
coal miner to Fink shaft; cook. $V); waiter, |
$30; German or Swiss vlneyardist and. wife,
$30; buggy washer, $50. W. D. EWER & CO..
€10 Clay st. "*¦
TAILOR on coats and vests for country: seo
* party here, 10 a. m., to-day. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 333 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for Central America, $60 per
n>onth;_ German or American, understanding
French kttchen; free transportation., A. F.
L-RAGO & CO., 24 Montgomery ave.
| JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
A FOREMAN carpenter, - 1 carpenter; non-
union; no ornee fee. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
CANVASSERS wanted for "Life and Reign of
Queen Victoria." by the eminent historians.
Prof. Chas. Morris & Murat Halstead; nearly
600 pgs; size 7x10; 100 richest Illustrations;
greatest & best; tremendous neller; only $1 10:
big book; big •commissions; credit given;
freight paid; outfits free. The Dominion Co..
Dept. V, 334 Dearborn St., Chicago.
WANTED— Active workers to take orders for
"Life of Queen Victoria." 600 pgs, 200 illus-
trations; lowest retail price; big commissions;
credit given; freight paid; outfit, postpaid,
free on application. Globe Bible Publishing
. Co., 723 Chestnut st., Philadelphia. Pa.
TWO boys, rome experience at carriage paint-
ing. B. GRAVE, 421 Paclflc st.
WANTED— A good bright office boy. 14 to 13
years old. Cal. Electrical Works, 409 Market.
WATfTED— Strong boy to deliver evening pa-
pers. 1511. Kearny St., top floor.
FOR sale — Barber shop, complete, with fix-
tures; sacrifice: $60. 601 Castro, cor. 18th.
WANTED— A cook at 1012 Battery st.
WAITER wanted for all round work in res-
' taurant. 37 Eddy st.
BOY wanted. Apply Crescent Feather Co.. 152
New Montgomery Et. '
PAINTER and paperlianger wants a partner;
business 'and store; established; work on
hand; must have small capital. Box 1462, Call.
WANTED — Steady man to assist in plain cash
business; will pay $15 to $1S per week; $125
cash required. 1016 Market St., room 10. I
COOK wanted at restaurant 107 Berry Bt.;
wages $10 Der week.
WANTED— First-clas3 barber. Third «t.
BARBER wanted. 14.',. First street.
WANTED— A good dishwasher.' 1 126 Ninth st,
WANTED— A good, strong blacksmith's helper.
1022 San Bruno road, near Army.
ERRAND boy , wanted ; good references. ' 724
Montgomery St., room 1.
STEADY waiter .wanted at 617 Montgomery st.
WANTED— An- all-around cook. .Call early?
K22 Kentucky st.' — '
WANTED— At once, good oysterman who un-
derstands making 1 salads. 13 Eddy. st.
U'ANTED-Ai young .man for night clerk.
• Dewey House, 32 East st.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chair barber shop.' choice lo-
catlon. a bargain, at DECKELMAN BROS.'
WANTED — A German pastry baker, a German
cook and a white dishwasher at once. 426
: Gearv St. . .- ' - ¦ . . .
GET 'your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
toeOc. . 662 Mission tt.. bet. 1st and 2d nts.
BARBERS, attention— For sale, 2-chalr shop,
with 3 living rooms. 1612% Folsom.' nr. 12th.
2-CHAIR barber shop for eale; object -of sell-
lng. going to Bakersfleld. 105 Ninth st.
WANTED— Recruits for I the Marine | Corps. U.
8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
. ¦ less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
: . 1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
; speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce. 40 Eliis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. .. '
MEN OR WOMEN...
. .;.. ..'...."....'. Paid Big Commissions...............
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. '.l.Snear st. '
MEN wanted' to-- learn barber trade; only eight
. weeks 'required; position guaranteed: special
-, Inducements; :' catalogue : free. - MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. • 10c/ 15c and
, 20c. Boston • House. 930 , Howard i st.
WANTED— Al I ref ractionlst graduate j optician •
salary $120 per month; Address box 1402,' Call.
WANTED— La borers and ¦* mechanics . to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor stiir
runs i Denver . House, ? 217 Third .'st. : 1 150 "large
'. rooms ;25» per night; tl to $2 per. week.: '-¦
BRIGHT^men of good address; money ad-
, vanced to right party. "Call -between i and
'¦->.; a. .¦rn.'-. at; 302: Post st, • -,
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. f«i2 Mission _t.y bet ; 1st and 2d nt». ¦
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
,at__. F.-i barber: school. <741A Howard-st. *
k^^ D -
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
WORK by- day. washing, : Ironing, '? sweeping,
etc., by German-American woman. 67 Rausch
st., between Seventh and Eighth. '.'¦.¦"¦¦.',.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
. 125 a month; references. . Box 1417; : Call offlce.
YOUNG lady, 3 years' experience, < desires situ-
ation as stenographer and typewriter; also
acquainted with bookkeeping; references." A.
M.. - care ALDEN CO.. "HIS Broadway. Oak-
l_nd. . . - . _ . ¦
FIRST-CLASS" dressmaker wishes work at
home. Address B43 Sutter St.; telephone Lar-
kln 962. '-; ,¦ -.'.-¦¦. ,-... ¦*¦;• ¦ . .- - ¦ - :
WINCH ESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; £6o to $1 CO night. $1 B0 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ¦ ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A'BRA-CCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
pubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . . -.- . ¦¦:. . ¦¦.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-^-MALE.
WANTED— A position to learn to clerk In shoe
store by 'country young man of good habits.
Apply 812 Kearny st. ' ' • .. : ' •
PROHPECTOR wants grub, stake: understands
placer and quartz. Address room- 305, Win-
chester Iloteh
WOOD pattern-maker wishes situation.- Ad-
drcsa F. AV. BOLAND. Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, builder and finisher
wishes position: is steady and has best of
references. 4047 Seventeenth st. -
A SOBER, steady, middle-aged- man wants sit-
uation v* dishwasher or kitchen hand . in
small lntei, boarding-house or restaurant.
Address box 1457, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address HENRY KIEHL,
New Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
GOOD, all-round ' house* 1- T>alnter wants steady
work; country preferred. Box 1407, Call.
MARRIED poultry man wants situation on
poultry ranch: capable of taking full charge;
wages or on shares; refa. Box 1443. Call.
PAPERHANGER and tlnter, first-class; wants
work; has tools. Box 1364, Call offlce. .,
SCANDINAVIAN^-wIshes situation where . a
. good, steady, reliable man is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
er;, willing to make himself useful in any
capacity; good references. Address box 1434,
Call office. •
COMPETENT man wants situation*, take care
of horses: good ' gardener: handy with tools,
or will take care of Invalid. Box 1433. Call.
ENGINEER and all round mechanic and elec-
trician. No. . 1 city and country references,
would like position in healthy locality; saw-
. mill, mines or country town preferred. Ad-
tlrons E. B. II., 1124 Thirteenth ave.. East
Oakland.
SITUATION by steady, sober man as foreman
on ranch or willing to do any kind of work;
handy with all kinds cf tools: first-class ref-
erence?. Address GEO. BURROWS, 417
Kearny st., city. j
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er in cen. mdse. store in country by reliable
American; Mngle ; 30 yrs. ape; 12 yrs. experi-
ence; good refs. Address L. F.. box 1223, Call.
YOUNG married man. small business, desires
position In wholesale clear. Kroeery or sta-
tionery house. Address box C, Call branch,
•300 Hayes st.
YOUNG man (German) would like position as
bartender; city or country. Box 1419. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, .200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has- been established at 1038
Valencia str<»«t. -
. FEATIIEI\ PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
. their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson mt.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 6 and *
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN 4; CO..
14 Montgomery st.
A— 5-ROOM flat for rent; price $10. 37 Norfolk
st.. between Eleventh and Twelfth.
BUSH. 12O9'/4— Flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. Apply
1213 Bush st, basement, up garden. '
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10: sunny; no children.
NEWLY renovated upper sunny flat, 6 rooms,
bath, garden, etc. ; $20. S23 Lombard st.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms: water free. 22
Sumner St., oft Howard, near Eighth.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath and cellar. In-
<iulre 130S Powell St., bet, Broadway and Pa-
. cine; rent $15. - '
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 11-S
Howard st, near Seventh. -
IF you want to move get- printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO, 1365—2 bay-window flats of 3
roorr.s; gas; rents $12 SO and $7.
$10 — COTTAGE of three sunny rooms. 134 Rose
bvp. ; 1^4 blocks from Market st., bet. Gough
and Octavia.
$14-SUNNY fiat. B large rooms; bath; gas;
larfre yard. 3S30 Nineteenth st., between Noe
and Sanchez.
J9 CO— SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 129 Ivy ave., cor-
ner Van Nr ss, near Hayes Bt.
$12 00. $10—289 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flats of
5 rooms, bath, fcas; sunny.
FLATS TO LET — FPI-XlSHIfD.
NEWLY furnished flat; responsible parties
. only. Call 1 to 5 p. m., 937 Hayes St., near
Flllmore. , ' ¦ ¦ . . ¦-. ¦'
FlinXITCRE FOR SALE. .
RARE CHANCE.
Brand new and elegant furnishings of mod-
ern 7-room flat for sale at a bargain; sun all
day; centrally located; rent of flat $30; all
cash not required If responsible. Inquire GU-
bert & Moore Stor. Co., Murphy big, 1236 Mkt.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 40, with No. t
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUnXITUIlE . WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture Sz. furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS.. LEVY . - buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc.- 1133 Market et.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 . Mission St., ' pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP. WANTED — FEMALE.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20, good place; 10
chambermaids to wall, city and country, $25
and $20; waitress, city hotel, $.25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
;> ........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..:..
6 more chambermaids, hotels, south, $20, half
fare free; 4 more chambermaids, Coronado
Beach, one-half fare free, | $20; 2 waitresses.
San Diego, free fare; 1 more waitress, Ari-
zona, $20| frep fare; 2 waitresses,- Fresno, fare
paid; 6 waitresses, different country hqtels,
$20.; . waiter and waitress, country hotel, $50;
2 waitresses, Pasadena, one-half faro' free;
cook and assistant, institution, $55, see party
here to-day; cook, resort,' $30; 2 head'walt-
, resses, $25; 6 waitresses and three chamber-
maids to wait,, city, $20 each; chambermaid
and young girl for cleaning. Institution, $20
each, see party here. -- -...- ' •
• .......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT...;......'.
Several neat nursegirls, ¦ with references, $15
to $20; working housekeeper, - see party here,
. $20; cooks, houseglrls, second r girls, young
girls to assist. C. • R. HANSEN & CO., 1M
¦ Geary stl" . ; ..,.'..; .-..-¦ ¦. : ¦.-;-; ;:... -.". .;
SWEDISH cook and second, $25 and $20, short
distance In country, see • party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. •
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .V...'... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ..;.......
6 waitresses. .Coronado 'Beach, $20,, half rate
fare; 3 waitresses, Pasadena, ' half rate fare;
6 waitresses, new ; hotel, for ' Feb. 10. $20: 2
¦waitresses, -country. $22 00: 5 waitresses, -city
and country, $20; 3 chambermaids, to wait.
$20; 2 chambermaids, $13;' Institution -cook,
$30, see party here. <
.'.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
15 house girls, $15, $20, $25; 2 cooks. $25 and-
$30. . MRS. M. E. DAY' & CO.'. S35 Geary st.
SEAMSTRESSS, $25; • 6 1 second glrla. $25 and
$20; cook and second girl, same house,' $25 and
$20: 10 cooks, j $30 ; and $35 ; second girl, Palo
Alto, $2j;'5'houseglrls, r " $30 and ' j-25; waitress,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .;'.-,
PRACTICAL Millinery School ; established 12
.yrs. ; : trade taught; 1 class now forming; terms
easy;; references- giren. " 1107 .Van Ness •- ave. '
OPERATORS on ladles' , underwear to work
In factory. - 723 Market - St.. . room 35. . ,.
GIRL for general : housework; no cooking.' Call
9 to 11; 2643 Bryant st. : .. . . ,
GIRL' for general housework.' 907 Devisadero
. street.. . -, ' ¦ • »;.. : ¦ . .- •_ ¦
'APPRENTICES wanted on custom I vests. 600
Kearny <st... room ;2.- ¦¦ ¦-.. --v-Hvv.- r,.. ¦
A '. COMPETENT, nurse to ¦ care J for child . 1%
years old and, boy 6 yeanrold. .Call Tuesday
morning, 1915, V»n Ness. ave., r, .'-;.. .-_¦/
YOUNG i -, girl ¦: for., general housework ; • , small ¦
family ; x wages \ moderate; • carfare paid.' : 3711
Clay- at.', near Spruce. ... ,
HELP WAyTED— MALE.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 80« Market, room 40. Fhelan building.
SAILORS ordinary eeamen and green hands;
all parts of world, HERMAN'S. -« Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third nt.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for^Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at 100-
Valencla St. " -_"
i ¦
HEMOnnilOIDS.
XN^^a^e^T^nesTPile''. Piles. Pile*: over 2C0
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Inter-le-r ed ;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with "business during treatment. For fur-
tber particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES" AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for »ale; also wagons. bu<gles.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade, Hor« Market.
ZZ7 Sixth St.; auction pales every >Vednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Cheap, frr want of use. pair youni? I
mules. 4S4 Merrlmac st.. Oakland; forenoons
or any time Sundays.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
. business horses, at 721 Howard St.
FOR Sale— One horse and wagon; very cheap.
Inquire at 1S77 Mission st.
>— 100- SETS t.-cond-hand harness: wagons.
cart-, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 * ol-om.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. -32 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular.' O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery-
HOWARD, 1103— Upper part house 5 sunny
rooms, bath, yard. Key at barber shop.
SUNNY corner: 6 rooms and bath, yard, etc.:
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
gan Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. estab. 1M0:
removedT to 419 Devlsadero St.. tel. Fell 136.
• LOST AXD FOeXD.
LOST— Party who found ornamental hairpin In
. dressing-room of Pearl Oyster House, 418 Plnp
st., »wlll receive liberal reward by returning
to cashier. '
LOST— Pair rimless eyeglasses, gold _pring,
near Zlnkand, Jan. 26. Return to B. HER-
MAN. 2749 Lombard St.: reward.
LOST— January 26. 1901. white and brlndle
greyhound bitch pup. Return to I. GORMAN.
1726 Bryant st.; rew.-.ri.
LOST— Lady's gold .watch.- with 2 pictures In
case. Return to 2404 Larkin. st.
THURSDAY night, corner Golden Gate ave.
and Market St.. young: pup, resemblinj St.
Bernard. "Reward if returned to- room 1. 702
Market. st> .
FOUND— Black spaniel Gog; owner can have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. Apply at 2717 Nineteenth st.
FOUND— At 737 Howard St.. pocketbook con-
taining money. -Owner can have same by
proving same at above address.
Wanted — Old Bold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and preciou* stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Filmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlsemrnts and
¦ subscriptions has been . established «t 1096
Valencia st.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order/ renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers nnd hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery: expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
IIOPKB RROS.. 31S and 320 Eleventh St.
! MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market.
I opp. 5th; world-renowned ladies* specialist;
rate, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. . After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market et.. cor. Sixth—
Fafe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$3; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1C07',. Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; se« free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yr_*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office. J3; any ailment; home for patients: con-
Eult free. 942 Post st.. bet, nyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market— LadieV
specialists;- 32 years' practice: positive cure
guaranteed; ladies treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, cir. |
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladies' »p«-
clalist: 5afe and sure cure. J5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladies"'
specialists: new process; sure cure: no medi-
clre;every woman her own physiclan.323Kearny
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; homo
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOT KKE cures dl^eajie by herbs;
advice free. 704^acramento St.. near Kearny.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
LEARN something this week about Montezuma
copper: we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO.. selling
events. 310 Safe Deposit building, c. F.
MISCELLAXEOITS— -FOR SALE.
.BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN.- 195-197 Fremont st-
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
- linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a larse stock of saloon outfits on hai-i;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. .019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
i FOR SALE — Furniture of 5 rooms complete;
1 Jieavy" double and buggy harness; baby car-
riage, etc. : must sell by Thursday, January
31. 1901. A. C. KULL. 3237H Sixteenth st.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for IS down and
So per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. : rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUTS. eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
A— OPEN-FACE 14-karat solid gold case spllt-
pecond horsetimer for SS_; cost originally $U3.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Gran* ave.
SFVERAL dozen laying hen- at Berkeley. For
nodi-ess write box 14SX, Call office.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
, beam. Apply at 216 California st.
FOR SALE — A good mastiff watchdog. Ad-
dress C. P. CHRISTENSEN. Santa Rosa, Cal.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
; at a bargain^. C2» Mission st.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st. sell
at low figures all makes 2J-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Cc.
2D-HAND steam, ga«, oil, water and air ma-
chlnery bought and sold. White. S18 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133, Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maslc lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and . second-hand. THE KER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns. . new . and 2d-hand moving
Pictures, BUI-LARD & BP.ECK. 131 Post it.
*«T F: T 3^ ew and sec «nd-hand; all'sizes. THB
WALT7: SAFE. lOiMll Market -t.. San Fran.
ailSCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
¦^7Ti5I* E Ji? p *,_" best prlce for -lothlng. brlc-a-
brae, old gold. 109 Sixth »_¦-. phone Jessie 141.
BOWS & arrows. Woman's Archery Club. UnN
verslty of Cal. Eox 2077, Call offlce. Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clotlHng bought &
sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom; tel Folaom 1191.
MOXE Y TO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates .which peopie~cairl
artord to pay on furniture, pianos, etc* do
nor borrow of your friends or you will 'lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. - Rooms 9 and 10, 308 Market st.
AA— BEST, rates and easiest terms. . ¦
• Second Mortgages
• ¦•• Interest ' in Estates .:..
-....Undivided -Interests In Real Estate. '.".'.'.
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHT. 630 Market!
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 percent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate Interest
m ln estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages 'and securities.' Room 16. 1»* noor
Chronicle building. HALLO RAN & OLSEX*.
A-J500.0CO ON city and country real estate an.l
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collit-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery «t.
LOWEST rates on furniture," etc.. by private
party; no. removal;. no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
sa\ rnAXCisco call. }
nfSINESS OITFICn of The San FrancJsco
Call, comer of 'Market and Third streets; open
-Mli 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
PRANCH'OFF.C_£--S.7 Montgomery street.
corner CJay: open until 6:30 p. m.
':00 Hnyc* rtrret; cpen ur.tll 9:30 p. ra.
(2% McAllister strert; open until 8:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; opfn until 9:30 p. m. .
T>«; MffflDn street; open until 10 p. m.
:_"6l Market street, corner Sixteenth;^, open
entil 9 ?. ra.
JM Eleventh street: cpen tinM 9 p. tn.
:PV€ Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. ;
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- j
tur'xy streets : opfn until 9 p. m. I
i
ILCBTUG XOTICKS. ;
CALIFORNIA Cherter No. 5. R. A. M., • '
will met-t Till? (TUEFDAT) V EN-^JP%_,
ING. January 2P. at 7:3J oclock. M. jK3T I
M.. P. SI. r.nJ 21. E. M. degrees. Uy'~ j
c:_cr of the ll.-Vr
FRANICLIN H. DAY. Secretary. |
COI-DKH Oate J_rsds» No. M. F. and A. « ,
M.— Called meetir.g THIS (TUESDAY) _*V_ '
JZVENING. at 7:M o'clock. D. 3. By jSJ« !
ire>r ol the W. M. /W * j
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. .
ORIENTAL XiO'lse'jCoTlTi. F. and A. M. #• !
-Tl.in! <teffree THIS (TUESDAY) !
EVENING, at 7:20 nV!^-k. ?Lj\ :
A. H. Ii:;i;»ARD, Secretary. /~y> !
Ol'FICEI'.S R.n<l members of Amity <*2_^5fc2> i
:'f>fic.h Lo-ge No. 5 f :. I. O. ¦^5_T'ijSS__- '
<t. F.. will meet at Odd FpMows* t
Halt TtnESDAT. January 29. -^v*^ ;
¦X ! :30 o'clock p. zn., to attend the funeral f
of rur late tiEter, JULIA Z. GIBBS. By or- j
C?r IDA M. ALLEN, N. G.
NOTICE— To the shareholders of »he_jC" v -> N^ !
:r.(l»pon_cnt He<l Men'e Hall >fso-^^«ij>»- «
c:at!or.: You are hereby notified — e_ — _~ ;
•.hat the. annual general rr.e»t!r.c of share- j
J:'-!ders of t!-» above association will take .
1 ".coe on TUESDAY, January 23. at S' p. m. .
In the Red Men's Hall. 510 Bunh Bt. ;
H. GRIEH. President. <
3. A FAMMANN. Secretary. '
TTin r,nr.-jol mcetiaj of the stockholders of •
t!:<> Sierra Hallway Company of California i
v.i'.l l>e he':d at the office of the company, (
iiumW-r .;» Crocker buiUlir.fr, City and C ?unty !
of 5an Francisco. State cf California, on :
MO.MMT. the llih riay of February. 1C-01. at J
the hour of 11 o'clock a. rr... fe-r the purpose j
of electing directors fcr the er.cuing year and j
the transaction -of such ether business as may '
ccme befmw said !ue«-tinp. :
S. M. ItlCKEY. Secretary. !
Dated January l'«. 19C_ J
jHH California Debris Commission, having re- j
reived applications to mine l>y the hydraulic t
procoss from Peter- H. Russell. In the Dad's j
Oulch mine, near t'amptonville. Yuba Co.. [
to deposit tailings Ir. lirandy Creek: from ¦
V.m. Abbott and Louis W. Clark, in the |
Gold Hill plac-er mine, near Rackerbr. Yuba ;
irine. and from iz. C. and P. J. Rign'r. in ¦
the Maxey m'.ne. near Mountain Ranch. Cal- ;
avtrai Co., it deposit tailings in O'Neil's i
Crffk. e'ves n^tire that a meeting- will be j
fceld at room 5!>. Flood build. ng. San Fran- I
Cisco, CaL, on February 11, 1SC1. at l:S0 p. m. I
THE regular annual TneetlnK of the stockhold- \
*r» of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of :
Fan Franrli«co will b»? held at the office of J
th« company in tho Union Trust Company's I
building, corner Montgomery. Post and Mar-
>et FU.. Ban Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY. |
the 4th day of February, t90L at the hour of j
I o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing •
a board of directors to serve for the follow- I
!r.g veer, the amendment of the by-laws of j
the company an4 the transaction of such |
ether business as mav rome before the meet- •
lnp. I. W. HKLLMAN JR.. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and bert in America— The Weekly ;
Call. IS p-", sent to any address la th. ;
fr^tc.1 Ptxtps or «7anada or.- year for $1. i
AGCNTS WAXTED. ;
AGENT !n every :o*n: new imported houee- j
hold r«-cessity: bfrt thins on the coast. ;
A:l^ress Dundee Mfs. to., 14 Flood ,bldgr., S.F. j
CAPAP-LE enersretlc a.c^nts for city and bay j
towns to represent reliable business. Ad- j
LAPY or Rentlrman to take orders; good open- '
9 tag for rurht r-srty. S17 Post Ft. j
I_O<1 TO V'OO per month: men or women; salary .
or corTimlsFliin or both. K7 Market St., r. 61a. j
ADOPTION. :
HEALTHY baby 7o7 a^Jcption. MRS. DR. j
FIXKE. 1416 Eighth Ft.. Alameda. |
1 ____________________ j
ASIMIALTl'M rtOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asrhalt roofing, sidewalks re-
rnlrp^.: portat 11^ Mission: tel. Folsom 1C0J. j
¦ i
&TTOBXEV8 AT LAW.
ADVICE fre^: divorce law a specialty; prij-ate; i
. no fee irtthoat s-ucceps; coilectioss. Q. W. (
HOWE, atty at law. 8_0 Market, cor. Stockton.
KHAN1C AV. SMITH, mining; and probate law a i
Facially. Mi!'.s bis., r. S. 4th fir.; UI. Red 3616. I
jflLDVXCE free; no rharee unless succei'jfu!. W. •
W. DAVIDSON. S_7 Market Ft., opp. Mason. .
L. R. CLARK. Kn-.ma Spreckels bids.. 027 Mar- i
kr-t Ft. : conciliation free; no fees In advance. \
UATII CAtllYSCTJi.
ELCCTBtC llC-t bath cabinets to let and for ,
rr.lr. 1'^j6 Point Lnbos ave. :
IIOARDIXG FOR CHILDnEN.
WANTED— By respectable married couple, a !
child to l»oard. over one year old; best care '
eivrn: r.o nther t-hildren in family; references
if r*-*i_irert. Cell or address MRS. K. YER- <
GASQX. i'2i Mte-tea ft., near Sixth. j
ni"SIXI-SS CHAXCES.
A— Vi' r <; SALOON; rent $30; place doing a bust- '
tif-FR cf $7)** per month; patronized by sailors
end FoldWs; about $3(Ki cleared in 30 daj-s. '¦
Call R. G. WILKE. _6>. Kearny tt.
A-^-flOW; toa, coffee and crockery etore, on j
Fto^kton st.: rcr.t $43; living rooms; fixtures ;
ar.d Ftock will invoice the price; owner «_.- j
(.•••i_<-: otherwise. Call R. U. WILKE 26% '
K«-arny et.
A— t3fiO: CANDY and icecream parlor; rent?.?; '
a phace ei-tabl. yearn and doing: a pood bu si- i
n«Ft; r-wner compelled to leave city at once-
i rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26 V - Kearny St.":
__~{SCO: CORNER butcher shop, in northern :
r»rt cf city: rent S2C>: horse, cart; Helling * :
cattle and about 15 sheep per weok; a cash :
custom. Call It. <i. WILKE, 2S"i Kearny 6 t. :
A-$3r.00; WINE and liquor business in Oakland^ ;
»ith a^f-n'-y for < ne of the larpi?st wineries :
in the State; a rushing bar trade and large '
ru-te of private customer*: located on p'rin-
cipal Ftrcet. Call R. G. WILKE, 26». Kearny. j
A— fKCi; CORNER~procery an d bar on Lanijtcn ;
Ft.; rent jrw»; plao> estab. 20 year*; must «ell. \
as owner war.ts to retire and give long »«_se i
to rl«ht party. R. G. WILKE, _C«4 Kearny. j
A-J12C0; RESTAURANT and ceffee saloon !
rlofe to I'tilon Iron Works: rent $60; 4 years' '¦
Iphsis a firM-clsss. paying business; owner •
man leave for U. T. to settle estate: laves- }
ticate and make offer. It. G. WILKE. 2C?. :
Keirny et. . . -' j
FIR.«T-CLA£!< saloon; elegant fixtures; must !
fell before February 1; owner must go north; j
trial Riven: rai»y term*; we this bargain, i
Apply to DECKER, 3020 Market et.
TO buy, sell or exchange real estate,' store or
business place call on H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market st. No charge for advertising.
A — HOTEL near Union Iron Works; big bar-
rain; come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT: north Markets with living
rooms. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st. '
A— HOME kitchen and delicacy etore; fine lo-
ca'lon. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
J2J00— BUTCHER shop: prosperous ciuntry
town: business over S1200 per month. Mc-
LAUGKL1N & CO.. 777»_ Market st.
A— WANTED— A rood tenant for grand corner
ftcre and ba*em*_t. with fixtures suitable, for
rnx—ry bu»lnes»; special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO., 667 Market st,
WANT partner, active or silent, man or wo-
man, to Etart poultry ranch; have some stock,
incubators, etc; $200 to J4S0 required. Box
1459. Call. . >-;.-. ..
PARTNER Jn wen equipped poultry ranch in
city limits, with 1109 to $200: man or woman;
furnished house; rent ?10. Pox 1444, Call.
JSW-RESTAURANT: block, so. Market; clears
»K)0 mo.; rent $40; 3 II v. rms. Baslle. 3 Eddy.
FOR Sale— Whole or half Interest wholesale !
fruit bus!nep-; 22 years estab. Box 14al. Call. '
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon ; dally re-
relpts about tGQ. Call at place. 410 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; bargain; paying business";
cheap rent: rood location. Apply 369 Hayes.
WAXTED-A partner for restaurant; ?2iO to
t-50 needed. I. SMITH. 625 Davis et.
hAlJyns for eale; opposite the Ferry. Apply
111 Kast rt.. north of Market.
ICO WANTED for email restaurant. 496 Fourth
rtrc-et. „
tZZU>— BOARDING and lodg-lng house, with bar
and bakery attached, including building and
long ground lea*e; pays well. Apply E. W.
HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery st,
AA — 1410: grand opportunity tor lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, gd ave. station. E. Oakland.
LONG-ESTAI5IJSHED watch _nd Jewelry re-
paJr ehep for eale; low rent: centrally lo-
cated. Address box 11CS, Call offlce. t?~
ESTAD. restaurant; suitable for couple; In-
eluding property- 614 Central ave.. nr. Hayes.
%'J*>— CANDT store; -choice location.. Call >27
Market, r. 209. 12 rn. to 1 p. m., and S to 8:30.'
| BCSIM.SS CHAJfCIvS— CONTINUED.
j PARTNER wanted In a. large, old-established
I profitable business, controlling: a good, safe,
¦ eolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest, to an acceptable . party; duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally In the management of the bust-
r.ess; capital required $5-M0 to $10,000; full
value In sight; books and business open for
lnvestlr--tlon. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &.
CO.. CS- Market f?t. . .
PARTNER wanted; export. Import business;
old established house. Box 1452. Call.
BAKERY at auction. 143 Third St.. Tuesday.
Jan. 2?. 11 a. in.: paying bus.; investigate.
I CORNER saloon; sunny, living rooihs; must
j be sold before February 1. 534 Fourth et.
I ~ ____
! ' - ¦
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business Office.
j TO lea?e— Hotel. ?1 rooms, .unfurnished; good
paying bar. furnished: San Rafael station.
J. SHEARER. San Rafael. ••¦-'¦- -
LAUNDRY route In largest and oldest estab-
lished laundry in city; 11.0. Address box 1325.
Call office. ,
fSO WINS $300 per month at races; .references
given. Information' Lyons, 821 Market r. 4. |
LARGE inside route on this paper -for sale., :
Apply business office." '"
5300— HALF interest in Job printing office; long
established; plenty work:. 432 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch ofnee. 2200 Fillmore »t.'
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias j t* en established at [ 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
LODGING-HOUSE owners— 'I have a number of
10 to 15 room houses and cash to exchange for
houses of 25 to 60 rooms.
Also ?5 acres; fruit land, nr. Santa Rosa;
price $1500
A Etock of general merchandise price $1000
A choice buildinfr lot. S. F price »SCO
2 good building lots, Oakland price $S00
Any of the above to exchange for lodging-
houses.
-' : G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market Bt., bet. Bth & 6th.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
suit all buyers; employ 5 persons who are
—ally adding new houses to list; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyers;
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. IV. SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2. S17 Market St., tel. Mint 1911.
2S-HOOM house, clearing $150
¦j per month. Price only $1450.
SC-roora. house, near O'Farrell and Powell.
Price only {1S0O.
16-room house; clears $100; price $"50
36-room house: clears $100; Pine Bt 850
16 rooms: north of Market et 730
M-room boarding-house; clears $300 5000
10-room flat; downtown 500
14 rooms; on Mission st... A., 500
M> rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash........ 2600
15 room?; on Third st 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3500
24 rooms;on Geary s_; clears $150 1900
2$ rooms; on Kearny st; clears $150 1600
33 rooms: on Market et 1400
It ronms: clears $73 '. 410
COO others — Prices from $100 to 125.000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES. ¦
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
SAMPLES — Call for list. Money loaned.
C2 rooms; Bush: rent $133; price $3000
IS rooms; Powell; rent 300; price 3100
4rt rooms; Ellis: rent 250; price.... C00<)
S" rooms: Pov.-ell ; . rent 175; price:... 1900
17 rooms; Van Ness; rent 90; price.... 1600
12 rooms; Mascn; rent S5; price.... 323
7 rooms; Hyde; rent 23; price.... 350
42 rooms; best paying location in the city; al-
ways full; *. cash, balance at 1 per cent; $4000.
LodKimj-house wanted for grocd as new all
modern home. 3 blocks from steam & electric.
And houses all locations, sizes and prices.
Restaurant for sale or exc. for ldg-house, ¦
A. L. W1LLEY. 916 Mkt.. phone Black 5215.
MARION GRIFFIN. MONET TO LOAN.
719 Market: near Call bldg.: tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms, rent $35: income $G0 $<C0
14 rms.,cor.G.G.ave.. rent $10; respectable 6C0
15 rms.. cor.; rent $53. income 1130, 1 floor;
J300 down and 1 per cent interest on b. SO0
23 rooms, rent $40, Income $116 7C0
27 rooms, velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
respectable: clears $174 month: snap.
4fi rooms; rent $100: a bonanza 1600
10 room*; fine as silk; clears $1S5 3C0O
A new houso of Co rooms full of roomers,
new furniture and fine carpets .000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 " Market St.
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location; part cash $2700
CO rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms: sunny corner _100 |
31 rooms; worth $2300; reduced to 1300
20 rooms; corner (new); rent. $65..' 1300
WINDSOR HOTEL
By crder from court we ar« authorized to sell
the Windsor Hotel, corner Market and Fifth
Ft5.. San Francisco, to the highest and best
bidder; contains 163 rooms; 'rent $600; long
lease: fine busino5.«: nicely furnished. DAVIS
& RIVES. Columbian bldg.. 916 Market St.
CO ROOMS: newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 reoms: Van Ness: finely furn.; extra.. 950
13 rooms; L»avenworth; rent $57 50 900
. 10 rooitf, J45O: 10 rooms, quick S50
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny st. room
6 — Big bargain list in office; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny.st.. rm. 6.
CALL and Fee our list, of bargains in houses:-
we hav them in any part of the city and at
any i.rice. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth st. ' x
36 ROOMS; MriO ca«h. balance $10 per mo.;
price $650. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market. '
$5T.O— - 24 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished; ¦
all rented: Mow rent. BARILE. 3 Eddy st.
; CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG. i
WHEN you become dlssrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.;^el. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned nt 8c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
i vating Co.. .40 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Clearrinif Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
; CONKLIN'S? Carpet -Beat in K Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 128. .
chiropodists]
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency — No charge un-
H less euccefsful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
| ——————— ———————— — ' ; ———_—_—__
! COTTAGES TO LET.-
$10— NEARLY new. of 4 rooms. 464 Douglass
! ft., near Twenty-first. Castro.-st, cars.
; SPIRITITALISM.
j MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world -renowned^ spirit^
I ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
Kulte. divorces, deaths; .unites the separated;
mining a specialty;-clrs. fr-un.. Wed.. Fri. ev's.
Come and be convince*!. Permanently located.
CIS Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
C V. MILLER, materializlns trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush, near Leavenworth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-ni«ht; also Wed.
eve.; grand tests. 10c: sittings dally. 148 6th.
MEETING to-nlffht, S; readings 1-5; 25c and -0e'
this week only. 12S8 Howard. MAXWELL.
MRS. DUNHAM* 14 McAllister St., 'room «5;
circles to-day, t and S p. m.; sittings dally.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
C05 McAllister. St.; 10c: come skeptics. :
W. G. KEEGAN'S spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.. 10c. 148 Sixth, .d floor.j
EARLE. 303 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally: seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. Glllingham; meetings Tues. and Thurs.
eves., 10c; developing dr. Frl. eve. .05 Larkin;
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. J. J.- WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
. life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164. O'Farrell.
URS. LESTER— Readings "SOc: circle. every eve,
| ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle' Wed, eve. 222 Turk.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual- medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st. ' .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyers sittings dally: tests to all to-night: 10c.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112% Oak. trance medium;
readings ft; hours 1-S p. m.: tel.. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYANT?/
MRS. DR. : F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms- 25
t and _«; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
i .guaranteed by mail; send, stamp for. pam-
phlet with, special -terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE CUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist: 15 years' experience: her knowledge of the
unseen forces is invaluable : to professional
. and business men. to wives and lovers; follow
her advice and you ; will make no mistake.
1104 Market st., corner Mason, room 28.-,
II Mi: PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
. reader, born with double veil— second sight -
' diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
i gents |l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy,' clairvoyant anj i
, palmist, permanently located 114S Market* 1 op.
• Cth: private reading! daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
_ MOyi-Y TO LOA5.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st.' 2d and U mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
'lay; get my terms berore doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
" liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable pU ic<» to borro— > on diamonds,
wstpes. Jewelry. "W. J. HE9THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond.*.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; rejiable party. 1170 Market at. rocm tS.
MONEY loaned salaried p»cple without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 4.1 California.
$;0O.0CO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bid?. Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
LOANS.lst or2dtntgs: city, country: 8%: undl-
vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. »97 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 358 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note*.
CASH loaned on salari**; New York Dlan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to lnan on furniture by private Darty;
| low rate. 917 Mark-t at., room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried peon!* on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6fc) Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
florser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 14- Phelan big.
MUSICAL I5STJIUME.VTS.
ANY person having _s« for a piano can be ac-
commodated: at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices andmost re-
liable makers to choose from. Eacn the b*st
of their grade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tin «•
within three years from date of purchase.
l*autlful new uprights (old for 19 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for *3. S4 and $5 per month. -SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth »t, Oak-
land.
A— GUILD square pz
Hazelton 93
Novella upright 73
Marshall & Warden small upright 135
3 Stelnways $„_, ns.\. 2*>
2 Chlckerings jns, jgs
1 Heine (over 5000 in use) 2S5
30 new pianos at $152. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary St.. agents Hallet A Davis, oldest,
exclusive and most famous piano In exist-
ence. Our new rent contract, you have priv-
ilege to exchange or return piano If not sat-
isfied. Old pianos taken In exchange, Hallet
& Davis, preferred.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hon-n
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE's. 2«.
_S and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of «11 grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
5 ORGANS, from $25 to $60.
] second-hand pianos, from $7" to $143.
4 new uprights, from {150 to $135.
Guaranteed; easy payments. BTOTJAMT?*
CURT A Z A SON. 16-1S-2O CFarrell St.:
Checkering agency.
TOR full particulars of the great piano ta!»
now going on at MAUVAIS* music store read
the- dlsolay advertisement in the Bulletin to-
day. Ii» the meantime go to the store, 7~»
Market st, and see the beautiful assortment
of pianos to select from.
QUEEN VICTORIA, her grand life and glori-
ous reign: send seven stamps for sample.
THK J. DEWING CO.. San Francisco.
A FINE stock of rew and second-hand piano*
at DEWINGS. 12 Flood building; a new up-
' right. $170. _^_^
ON SALE— $M3: Hallet-Davls upright; cost
' $675. Room 38, -17 Geary st
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steclc. Hardman. Con-
over and othersi Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next III-. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO, _1« McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sal« of pianos In storage:
dirt cheap. 'Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAU7.Y. agency Sohmer & Co.. Brron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 303 Post
SPECIAL SALE — Immense reductions; ¦«« our
leader, only $130. BRUENN, 29S Post st
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new: bargain; owner
* leaving city. 2233 Mission st
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Saonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CTTRTAZ. 5S0 Hayes ¦_
SUPERIOR violin."', zithers, old and new. H.
-lULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and .best In America — The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year /or $1.
postage paid. §
OFKICTES AND STORES TO 1.ET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
sts.: occupied as grocery and bar for past
30 yearn: rent $20: water free. Apply to G.
II. UMBSEN Sc CO., 14 Montgomery «t.
POWELL. 143—2 elgeant sultw of offices, partly
furn.; suitable for doctors, dentists, lawyers.
FIRST loft: 23x123: lifht all over. S79 M!s-
sion St.. opp. W. F. Express bulldinr.
OIL.
20-ACRE lease In s-ctlon s. 20 S, range 2S E,
Kern River district: Inw royalty o. JO per
cent: easy terms; on R. R. : water on land:
proven territory: U. VS. patent title; no land
can be had adjoining for lesa than 50 per
cent royalty: I have four of these twenty-
acre tracts, all in section 8, at this low roy-
alty, and want from six to twenty thousand
dollars to turn one or all over to a good com-
pany and take an interest In the company
and help promote: land adjoins section 5 and
the San Jcnquln Oil Co. : If you mean buslneira
come at once and Join — i* and you can make
money. S. T. ALLEN. 473 Parrott bldg.. 8. F.
WELL-KNOWN oil company now actively en-
gaged In drilling on Its property, located In
the heart of the best of the Sunset field, will
sell, at a low price, for purposes of additional
development. 10. 000 or 20, COO shares of Its
treasury stock; will bear the closest investi-
gation. For particulars addrems box 1481. Call
oftlce. -
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. SSO Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE-
Country correspondence solicited.
2ZG0 ACRES oil land: $2 to $3000 per acra. w7
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
• Ofl. LANDS FOR SALE!.
KERX River: proven territory; line of R. R.
Newtnn. Ca-men A 5*nm»s. r. 104. ChrnnlcU.
•PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall caper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen A P..ith.3C3 Sixth st. -.open evening*.
PALMISTRY.
FREE class In scientific palmistry opens for
work Friday. Feb. 1. at Chtrologlcal College,
309 Powell st.: students wishing to begin will
receive first lesson free; terms reasonable.
II. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor' St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black KU
~- PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
! GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
g l'EUSO.VVI..*.
IF ALBERT ELSET CARVElC who was re-
siding In and near Vancouver. British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1831 to 1395, anil
afterward In California, and was last heard
of In Sonora, Calaveras County. In California,
about June. ISM, will apply to tha _nder-
elgneij he will hear of something to his ad-
vantage. WELLS & HIND, solicitors, Not-
tlngha— i. Eng.
FOR adoption— Pretty little blue-eyed girl. X
year old; also healthy boy baby. MR.
ES*.^; P lease «-"• MRS. DR. FC-NKEV
1416 Eighth st,. Alameda.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3.7 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
2Sc to $1 £0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful tnvesUga-
tor; low rates. Box 1239, Call office.
FIXE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 43" Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERB% and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
*; lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Tine.
WHY guess? You are certain of styfe and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 10ZI Market st
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, thiw-quarter
or double. $2 13. EASTERN OUTFITTING'
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broad-ray.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutt?r st
MASQUERADE c£»tumi»s. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 M»t.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
corn cure: — >c: a-ll druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Hennaf restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all drugjrist*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. 0 > DONNEI__-Offlce and restdetsee.
lC2lt_ Market st. between Sixth and Seve___
CLAIRVOYANTS. b ,
MME. M. BERNARD. " ¦' * '.$ >'>-
: . THE - FAMOt^S
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third St., next
Examiner- building. 8h« reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the preseni happenings and por-
trays events to 'occur in the future. If you
are- In trouble, discontented, -unhappy or not
eatl-fled in life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, ' consult this great medium and
you will be told how 'to overcome- them.
• Valuable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall: write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader:
free tests 23c up. 472 Stevenson, cor. Sixth.
MRS. Melvill, well-known clairvoyant," water
' reader. 11, Cth;Germ_n spoken: tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 23c. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
MRS.VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card read-
er and magnetic healer. 215 Leaven worth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, la the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25e. 1 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium;. mining a specialty." 215 Kearny, r. S-10.
MME. SCHAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie- st. ¦
MME. SYB'ille— Cradle to grave; future, hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles." 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2.'c up. 5 Fourth st.'
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar- •
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
XI .0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent fpr 30. days on all
plates,- crowns and bridge worlc. S,ee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for £0 years; crowns. $3 60: fillings. C0c; plates.
45. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
¦and fillings; extraciisns or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
•experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; extracting. r.0c: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9C9
Mission St., cor. Sixth. - Consult us on crowns
and bridges; dlfllcult plate work solicited;
posltl\-e painless extraction. 50c. \ ¦ •
PARIS Dental Parlor. -235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Bet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly, in Murphy bid jr.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S.. 1206 Market st— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: frown and brldgework.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market -St.. corner Sixth.:
SET of teeth without plates. - DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ' ¦ ' .
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.: Individual instruction
in bookkeeping:, shorthand. English branches:
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
>ear got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NKSS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
nnd evening; $8 per month; $50 life ECholar-
rhip guarantees a complete business educa-^
tion. including the commercial- and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
• during the past 5 months; catalogue free; .
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeplns: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
bhorthand.: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee*
positions to all its graduates. - 305 Larkin st.
A — THE LYCEUM. 'an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. •'
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
college and civil s;rvice; backward pupils
taught; experience; credentials. Box 1358, Call.
BOOKKEEPING or Fhorthand; Pitman sys-
. tern; private lessons by au experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St., r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeepine-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. .
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN DKR NAILLEN SCHOOL. ?33 Market.
THE Silvan Guitar Book, by D. Mansfield; Just
out; 133 pretty and easy pieces; at the music
¦ stores. •
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl, reliable teacher, 1C0S Mission st.
FRENCH.Spanifih.etc. Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
. of languages, 320 Post; estab'/llS71; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION—, night class. 424 Pine st.
ESIPLOY3II3XT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help fum.; domestic servants; work executed
, with care, dispatch: 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est
1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136: F. IIAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of 'all . kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO. -
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help/ 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED—FEMALE.
COMPETENT cook deslrres situation in an In-
stitution; good city references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. •
MIDDLE-AGED .German woman; good cook;
. $15; references. Apply MRS. NORTON,' 313
• Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and seam-
- stress desires situation, good city references;
also. French nurse and seamstress, references.
¦ MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . ,- ¦
2 YOUNG ladles would like situations as cham-
¦bermalds in hotel; city . or country. 1539
Geary st.
YOUNG lady ' wishes situation as cashier or
saleslady la confectionery store, • bakery or
' restaurant. 1539 Geary at.
KEAT young girl wishes a place to do, light
housework. Please call at 554 Sixth Bt, bet.
• Bryant and Brannan. - , , . -
YOUNG girl wishes situation In smart respect-
able family; small wages. Call or address
23 Treadwell Bt. ''_.-' •:
GERMAN midwife wishes aome more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER, 132 Sixth st. .- .. ¦
A RESPECTABLE woman ¦' nurse would care
for invalid and assist with light work; call
before 8 p. m. 802 Geary st. ' ,
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
first-class laundress; makes herself generally
useful: best references given. Call 'at 120
"W'lldey st.', bet. Bush and Pine, near Stelner.
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing or housecleanlng. Call or address 62 Te-
- hama st, ¦-.•-•' ' ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ,- • - :¦ •' .
YOUNG woman with a small child "wishes a
position ' as housekeeper; city or country. - S
Seventh, st.', ; . -.¦,..."¦'--;"*'
GERMAN girl wants work In a Jewish family
to do housework. Cai! 115 Juniper st.-': .
LADY from the East wishes position for light
housework and sewing; Is a good dressmaker.
C20 Bush st.", . room 35. • Tffi>fitW*f*1- fc tffriPfr--ftWTfg
A GOOD reliable girl with children and willing
to assist with upstairs work. Call 460 Minna.
COMPETENT -girl wants place for. housework;
is good cook; wages $20 to $25. Box 1460, Call.
RESPECTABLE .woman wants, situation as
¦ fine cook' in: family, or will go on a ranch.
£30 Gough st. ;. '-.- * ¦¦..•¦':.•:¦. -¦' - y-; ¦¦¦¦
. REFINED young ; English •• lady ; would ¦ like to
be companion to lady, and' assist with light
housf-hbld duties. . Box '13C5,'- Call 'office. •' -
WANTED— Respectable lady .? wishes ¦ position
as.; housekeeper for elderly, gentleman. ; 520
BUBh.St . ¦'-.-, . . •.,..• y ..- .:¦:
I REFINED young lady studying, music would
I) like to devote afternoons -:to some lady as
companioa Address 1503 Larkin it.; at homo
mornings. •• If money talks," It ' Is ' probably a paying
teller.-;
Andrew ¦ Burch," a v ship ] carpenter em
ployed: at .the ..Union - Iron Works, was
killed by .'falling .'down .'stairs at "an early
hour yesterday, morning.' ; Burch, who had
been separated from bis wife 'and children
for some . time > ; past, '¦-¦< roomed at ' 50}
Twentieth 'street. '; In attempting to as
cend -, the : stairs to his room under
the influence of liquor he missed hia foot-
Ing and fell down? a 7 flight of thirteen
steps. . He was : conveyed to - the Emer-
Kency Hospital ! and - treated ¦ by Dr. Mc-
Elroy, -¦ who, : in • making i an v, examination,"
discovered a . fracture at { the ; base •. of ; the
skull. . Burch died a • few hours after, his
arrival. at; the hospital: and his body, was
removed ' to the Morgue;* ; ' ¦ . ' ,
Killed by a Fall.
HOTEL ABBIVAIiS.
GRANX) HOTElJ.
J E Cohn, Xapa C Fllnn, Cal '¦
r M Coleman & w, Cal J J Hebron Salinas
W McDuff. Cal ' JC Conklln, San Jost
E A Doody. Cal L W Bruns, Chicago
H J Bayly. Alameda Mrs M L Morris Cal
WE Moldrup, Ala J B Seymour & V. Sao
M F Cochrane, S Raf W E Hayes & w. Cal
J E Haver, San Raf A. H Price & w Cal
J J O'Brien,, Los Ang Miss E Price Cal
W B Ballon, Tucson . Mrs J Hart *«Jal
O H Foster & w, Cal , Mrs B RIcketta S Josa
D C Albert. Oregon N G RIcketts, Sn Jose
2 M McCllntock. Wise J P Treanor, San Jose
F W Bmythe. Seattle Mrs Wendell, Cal
Miss L Darden, Portldll'-n G Anzar Cal
C Brown & w, Portld E W WlnshJp, Napa
D McKeen. Cal . R' Benjamin. Napa
P E Clark. VIsaHa A J Lawson, Lodi
A J Bellah. Vlstlla : S B Foster. Cal
?S S"T' : £? ai 'W , I J H Ambrose. Maine
J H Cook, New York J McCarthy & w Cal
E L Hathaway, Or . I L. D Syle, Berkeley
W II Bonsall. Ls Ang.F E Simons, Salt Lake
P M Smith, VacavllIe'AG Campbell Cal
A Lelpsie. S Bernard jj W Jenkins Denver
S Rummelsberg. Car ! J E Koeberle, Ls Ang
G E I<3e. U S N 3 M Rohn. Santa Rosa
H E Hlgglns. ¦ Cal ¦ G H'Hazzard. CInn
Mrs J A Nordln, Cal i
. PALACE .. HOTEL.
E J Engle, Chicago MrsFRMcCullough LG
W E Burns, Chicago Mrs WPHammond' Cal
A F Jones, Oroville K H Carlisle N Y
Mrs; Jones, Orovllle- J XV Van Praag NT
Ii B Wood.. Ban Jose A Scheffer. €olo -
Mrs^Vood, San Jose Mrs Scheffer - Colo
E A Strout, S A T Gernon, N Y. •
J C Gamage, Chicago J E Ellis, N T "
G W Brlggn, N T W H Simpson, Cal '
R H Baxter, Bath • W H Llewellyn, Phlla
J Rosene, • Seattle G S Holmes, Salt Lake
H A Keller, Phlla . Mrs W E Gerber Sacto
J B Glldereleve, S A MI«s Gerber Sacto
H.C Earl, Minn_ E J Palmer,. B C
¦Mrs A C Morrison, NY Mrs; Palmer, B C
P ClagBton;. NY * G H Emerson. P A'ito
H W Toppong, St Paul W R Bergman. Omaha
Mrs Toppong, St Paul ,*. A.Moore, Indiana
J w Parmlee. Chicago >Irs Moore, Indiana
I, '' ll T I i? u ™ fin ' M « i v ; Wa >ter», Honolulu
Dr J T.nixonAN Y B J Hughes. N Y •
G T Luf kin, St Louis W~ E Johnson, ¦¦ Denver
H G ¦ Stevenson. ¦ Mf nlo Mrs Johnson, Denver -
Mrs Stevenson, Menlo p T Pearson, Salt Lake
C AV Freed, Salt Lake firs Pearson, Salt Lake
U T Graham, B Jose "ID H Barnes. Chicago
D 8 Ralston. St Louts JJ J Howe, Pasadena '
B A Stelnman," Sacto VV F. Kendrlck, Denver
.- v< ;/NEW,"v7ESTERN : . HOTEL- ;
W H Allen, Neb L C Dees, Vallejo '
J Murphy. San, Diego J Nelson. New York-
Mm F W, Hughes, 111 A Leroy. Boston
Miss M Ward. N J I J P> Walters,- Portland
P ; Coughlln,- Sacto ¦; H Wulff &.w.Solano
H Heln. Oakland '¦¦ ; R W Gates,= Chicago '
Miss, Howard. Sacto ¦ R- H : Herlot. Chicago -
Mis» Burton, - Sacto . - J S Hughes,' Oregon
E SeIenger.,Cal W Franke. IlllnoiB
G E Patterson. • Seattle J B Semorile, Cal
A Nelson, Vallejt> J IJ Wilson & w,- Sacto 1
Be Selected.
At a meeting of the Superior Judges in
bank yesterday the names of 144 citizens,
from among whom two new Grand Juries
will be drawn during the i ensuing year,
were selected and ordered placed in the
Grand Jury box. Those drawn by each of
the Superior Judges follow:
Judge Seawell — Thomas P. Woodward, 12 Sut
ter; u Wakefleld Baker, 2701 Pacific avenue;
James S. Severance, 722 Sutter; Robert B. Hule,
northeast corner California and Battery; Wil
liam B. Sanborn, 371 Ellis; F. W. Zeile, 236
Bush; James Butler, 3364 Twenty-sixth; John
M. Klein, 421 Montgomery; Howard G. Thomp
son. 952 Bush; Patrick J. Tomalty. 1059 Mission;
James N. Block, 205 Sansome; Louis S. Haas,
100 Front.
Judge Murasky— R. C. O' Connor, HibernJa
Bank: C. E. Morey. corner Laguna and McAl
lister; J. B. Duggan, 829 O'Farrell; A. P. Glan
nlni. 104 Washington; I. Zellerbach, 1550 Fell;
Philip J. Lawler. 314 Oak; A. J. Carmany, 2325
Bush; B. B. Sturdlvant, 728 Octavia; Andrew
Carrlgan, 2S40 Buchanan: Charles A. McLane.
1706 Fell; B. .H. Lichtenstein, 12CS Geary; Jos.
A. Stultz. S33 Montgomery avenue.
Judge Kerrigan— Fred J. Foster, 327 Market;
C. G. Clinch. 9 Front; R. B. Hale. 937 Market;
L. W. Neustadter, 1701 Van Ness avenue; E.
L. Wagner, 1915 Green; Henry M. Wreden,
southeast corner Lombard and Taylor; J. CB.
Gunn, 222 Market: Jacob Levi Jr., Palace Hotel;
Henry L. Day, 1904 Vallejo: Frederick BoecR
mann, 316 Front; A. Reid, 907 Market; John H.
Farnham. "K>4 Union.
Judge Hebbard— John A. Kennedy, 628 Ellis;
A. E. Buckingham, 2SC8 Jackson; Frank God*
frey O'Kane, 26 Golden Gate avenue; John H.
Sheehan, 801 Shrader; Sol J. Levy, 304 Mont
gomery; George L.' Wilson." 1517 Larkln; Henry
L. Brickwedel, 901 North Point; Gottfried
Ralsch. ; James A. Code. 1705 Oak:
Herman Hermansen, 700- Jones: Edwin W. Joy,
431 Kearny; William Cluff, 1916 Vallejo.
Judge Hunt-Joseph Felgenbaum, 120S Golden
Gate avenue: Mark Sheldon, 1001 Golden Gate
avenue; Solomon Cahen, 2222 California: Samuel
Irving, 328 Bush; Samuel P. Holden 2019 Sac
ramento; Roy T. Klmball. 1230 Geary: William
J. Bryan. 1822 Pine; A J. Rich. 108 Oak: Walter
B. Morrill, 1809A Eddy; Charles Sonntag, 114
Market; James Patterson, 924 Greenwich: A
W. Manning, 28 Eighth. ' -
Judge Dunne— E. F. Delger. Call building-
Milton H. Esberg. 23 Kearny ; George D. Cooper
2009 Buchanan: Harry B. Arnold. 949 Valencia'-
Edward Culin, 31 Market; Julius Flnck. 818
Market: CWYRunyon. 429 Fillmore: George V
Dow,- First and Natoma: E. P. Farnsworth
3019 Washington: Charles H. Wheeler 1206 Sut
ter; -Peter McHugh, 3908 Clay; Henry Wise 2719
•Pacific avenue. ,
Judge Graham— E. J. Smith. Eddy and Tay
lor streets; John G. Barker, Concordla Hotel -
F. J. Drlscoll.: 141Q Market; John T.-Gllmar
tln. 215 Bush; Frederick H. Bushnell 1510
Market; Thomas J. O'Dwyer, 772 Golden Gate
avtnue: S. B. Pauson, 200 Kearny; John N
Mueh, 2213 Brodertck; James H. O'Brien 312
Ninth; Rudolph H. Schlueter. 217 Sutter; James
C. Nealon, 928 Halght; William M. Cartwrlght
100 Main. •
Judge Sloan— Spencer C. Buckbee, 3504 Clay;
Warren D. Clark. 1732 Broadway; Edward B
Cutter, 2810 Washington; Eugene J. de Sabla
Jr., 1818 California; D. B. Faktor, 1231 McAl
linter;. Stanley Forbes. 2614 .Scott; Doming^
Goirardell!,. 2617 Laguna; Adolph Mack, 1916
Octavia; Kenneth Melrose. 2517 Octavia; -Wll
.liam G. Stafford. 112 Broderick: Frank J.
Symmes, 630 : Harrison; William R, Wheeler
1S15, Jones. - - .
Judge Coffey— Andrea Sbarboro. 3401 ¦ Wash
ington; A. S. Hubbard. 2012 Pierce; Henry
Dowden, 17 Rondel place; Ignatz Steinhart.
P16 Sutter: William Jay Smith. 1260 California-
K. • P. Roche. 1211% Mission; Michael J.
Vaughan. 3942 Twenty-third : L. V. : Merle. 810
Ixmbard; Peter J. Tormey. 8S2 Grove; Matthew
J.. O'Neill. 1128 Vallejo; Samuel Polack. 1415
Jackson; John Htgglns, 320 Oak.
Judge Troutt— Charles M. Plunv 1301 Market- ;
Henry, Payot, 204 Pine; LouIb La*k. 1235 Pine;
Robert D. Craneton. 1727 Page: William Lewis ¦
24- California; J. M. Kills. 323 Montgomery-
Charles -A. Murdock. 533 Clay: 8.- J. Hendy. 38 i
Fremont ; Charles H. '. Crowell.' Central avenue i
snd Bush; 8. Sternheim. 52S Market; J.. C. !
Wilson, 900 Battery; Joseph Elfelt, 614 Hyde. |
Judge Lawlor— Theodore F. Bonnet. 1019 Mar- !
ket;- James S. - Webster. 1825 . Pacific avenue-
Louis Rosentfial. 301 California; James. \V.
Finn. 1206 Fulton; Charles Caro. 3 Battery-
Charles J. McGIynn, 1500 Golden Gate avenue;
Landry C. . Bahln, 2415 Washington; Jeremiah
C O'Connor, 767 Mission: Hermar. 3chafCner
70 St. Ann's building; Thomae J. Welsh, 95
Flood building; John Perazzo, 802 Broadway;
Maurice Llebmann. 225 " Bush.
- Judge Cook — S. H. .Daniels. Bank of Cali
fornia; J. M. ''Strauss, 75 Fourth; I. W. Hell
man Jr., Union Trout Company; P_ B. Corn
wall. 450 Main; H. J. Owen, 205 Jones: James
McNab. 205 Davis; John F. 'Kennedy. 1727 Pine;
Jihn Tonnlngsen. 1626 Howard; H. W. West
rhal. 212 Clay; ,W. r J. Tiffany. . 2318 Sutter; i D.
Hewes, 413 Kearny: Charles Tay, 40 First.
SUPERIOR JUDGES MAKE
OUT GRAND JUBY LIST
List. of Names From Which. Two New
Inquisitorial Bodies Will
This oil pool covers several hundred
acres of . water and is a favorite harbor
of- refuge for coast craft in time of storm-
It is the accepted theory that the oil
comes from the bed of the gulf, and th«s
company now being organized proposes
to put down wells if any anchorage can
be secured for the well-drilling machinery.
The company will have a capital stock of
1500,000.
A number of Cleveland, Ohio, capitalists
are associated with Mr. Harpley. In the
enterprise. ' ¦ ¦"""• -
AUSTIX, Tex., Jan. 23.— The oil excite
ment is increasing throughout. Texas. It
is conservatively estimated by ' those
who have been keeping in close touch with
the movement that fully 5,000,000 acres of
prospective oil lands have been leased In
different parts of the State since the great
gusher near Beaumont was discovered
several days ago. The demand for well
drilling rigs is unprecedented. Scores of
these outfits are being shipped into the
State from Pennsylvania and Indiana.
There has been a big Jump In land values
In numerous prospective oil districts.
Thomas Harpley, a wealthy rice grower
of Louisiana, was here to-day on business
in connection with the organization of a
company /which proposes to put down oil
wells in the Gulf of Mexico about forty
flvo miles from Galveston. The proposed
site of these wells Is known to mariners
as "Oil Pool." from the fact that the sur
face of the gulf at that pofnt is covered
with oil.
Company Formed to Exploit the Oil
Pool in the Gulf of
Mexico.
OIL EXCITEMENT
SPREADS IN TEXAS
Lanslns O. Kellogg to Pacific Realty Com
pany (corporation), undivided five-sixteenths of
Western Addition blocks 172 and 173; rflso un
divided three-eighths of lot on 8E corner of
Chestnut and Octavia streets, E 206:3 by S
Wi'ntleld S. Keyes to John I. Sabln. lot on
N' line of California street. 106:3 W of Fill
more. W 50 by N 132 :8H: *S0©0.
Annie Madden (Kelly) and J. J. Madden to
C. B. Perkins, lot on N line of Height street,
1S7:6 W of Stelner. W 23 by N 137:6: J550O.
Olive K. and George B. Flint to 1 Andrew I,.
Kdwards, lot on E line of Masonic avenue,
339:8 S of "Waller street, S 25, E 112:8, NE 20,
NW 20. W 105; 11000.
Estate of Joseph M. Comerford (by Eliza C.
Herbert, executrix) to William O. and Ollle
Brink, lot on W line of Ban Jose avenue, 151:6
S of Army. S 25 by W 100; J3250.
George M. and Jennie 1». Havice to Har
riet E. Turnbull, : undivided half of lot on XV
line of Montgomery. 37:6 N of Filbert, X
25 by W 87:6; $10.
William T. and Luclnda P. Turner to Lulgl
Rettagllata, lot on N line of Greenwich street,
257:9% E of Dupont, E 17:2»,i by N 70; $1300.
Mary B. and Francis B. Harrison to Charles
T. and Jennie A. Crocker. . undivided third of
following: i<ot on NW. corner of Geary and
Powell streets, W 137:6 by N 137:«; also lot on
E corner of Mission and First utreets. NE
137:6. SB 137:6, NE 137:6, SE 50, SW 275. NW
1S7:6; also lot on XB corner of Bush and Bat
tery streets, N 82:6 by K ?0; J232,u62.
Same to samp, undivided third of lot on NE
line of First street. 162:6 NW of Natoma, NW
60:5 by NE 275, quitclaim deed: $10.
Hartland Law to' Sharon Estate Company
(corporation), lot beginning at a point 60 NW
of Mission and 56 SW of Annie. SW 1-6, NW
60. NE 25:0Vi. SE 1, SW 23:6%. SE 59; $300.
Elizabeth Blackwood (widow) to Laura Black
wood", lot.on.NW line of Uryant street, 250 NE
of Sixth, NE 2S by NW 75; also lotvon.NW
line of Bryant street. 223 NE of Sixth. NE 23
by NW 75; also lot on NE line of Morris ave
nue (Park), 75 NW of Bryant, NW 25 by NE
80; also lot on NE line of Morris avenue
(Park). 100 NW of Bryant, NW 25 by NE
80; eift.
Same to name, ¦ lot ¦ on N W corner of Bryant
street and Oak Grove avenue, SW 112 by NW
133:9; also lot on NW line of Folsom street,
200 NE of Fifth, NE 75 by NW 160; also lot on
NE line of Oak Grove avenue, 225 SE of Har
rison street. SE 75 by NE 112: gift. .
Andrew Graham to Carrie E. Bridge (wife
of Henry S.), lot on W. line of Michigan street.
350 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 20 W-68.
SW 21, E 69; $500. . •
Henry H. Hartmann to F. J. Castelhun, lot
on *E line of Eighteenth avenue, 28:11 N of
Clement street. N 50 by E 120: $500. :
Henry B. Sheldon to Margaret A. J Martin
(wife of P. J.), outside lands block 974,
bounded by O and P streets. Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth avenues, quitclaim deed; $100.
Eloise ,M. and Margaret A. Martin to Her
bert Deakyne, lot on SW corner of O street
and Twenty-ninth avenue, W 240. by S 600:
$3000. . . •. \
Jacob and Llna HeymarL/to . Jonathan A.
Brown, lot 5, ' Holdny Map A: $300.
Same to Georpe Letterell. lot 7, same: $500.
B. Kelsey to George D. Bliss, ' lot on 8 corner
of Fourth avenue and N Ftreet South, SE 115-7
SW 136:8. SW 67:1, NW 86:C, NE 200, block 82,
Butchers' Reservation, quitclaim deed; $10.
| Olive Verkouteren to Francois • Latapie, lot
on E corner of Twentieth avenue and J street
South. NE 100, SE 73, block 389, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $500. ,
Mary Qulnn to William J. Quinn, lot on NE
line- of Thirteenth avenue, 250 SE of M street
SE 50 by NE 100, block 24S, same; $500.
Gfermanla Building* and Loan Association to
Mary Myers (wife of Thomas), lot on S line
of N'ey street. 150 W of Congdon.'W 50 by S
110. block I, College Homestead: $800.
William and Rosey Magulre to same, same
quitclaim deed; $10.
Builders' Contracts. /v
William Ede Company (a corporation) (own
er™) with W. L. Hoi man (contractor), architect
Albert Farr— Elevator work for -a .four- story
brick warehouse factory on W corner of Mlnnu
and First streets, SW 150, NW 80, NW 75 <<K
Z5, NE 75, SB' 45: $2540. ,
EEAI ESTATE TBAUSACTIONS.
NEW "YTJRK. Jan. 2S-— Justice Beach In
the Supreme Court to-day handed down
a decision continuing the temporary in
junction restraining George J. Gould. Ed
win Gould, Howard Gould and Helen
Gould, as trustees of the estate of their
father, from paying over the Income of
the portion of the estate belonging to their
sister, Anna Gould, Countess de Castel-
Iane, pending the trial of an action
brought by Asher Werthelmer, a London
bric-a-brac dealer, against the Count and
Countess de Castellane for J318.000 for
paintings and bric-a-brac furnished them.
Judge Beach permits the payment of
$200,000 a year to the Countess for the sup
port of herself and children, pending the
trial of the action..
Judge. Beach in hi3 decision said the
objection of . trustees to. the court's juris
diction was not well tajcen, and concluded:
"The fifth clause of the first codicil In
the will of Jay Gould provides that the
income from the trust fund shall not be
liable in the hands of the executors and
trustees for any debt or liautilty of the
beneficiary (the Countess de Castellane).
"This declaration has -no protective
power in this State, although in some
others it has been held effective.
"The real ground upon which such es
tates have been declared alienable and
liable for debts is that inalienable rights
of property are opposed to the fundamen
tal principles of the common law, and
that It is against safety that a man should
have an estate to live on but not an es
tate- to pay debts with — that he should
have the benefits of wealth without the
responsibility. . • \..i
"Unless the injunction and action are
upheld the plaintiff and his assignor
(Wertheimer) despoiled of their property
will be absolutely remediless, with noth
ing left but the broken promises and th<3
commercial dishonor of their debtors." •
Judge Beach Holds It Is th.e Only
Method for Protecting the
Creditors of the ¦
Count.
Injunction Against Gould
Trustees Is Con
tinued. \
BONI'S INCOME
IS CUT DOWN
Armour Institute, tlie Pet Project of
the Late Millionaire Packer, Is
Not Mentioned in th.8
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— The .will of the late
millionaire packer and grain dealer, Philip
"D. Armour, disposes of an estate valued
at $15,000,000, according to statements made
in an application for l'ctters testamentary
filed In the Probate, Court here to-day by
Malvina' B. Armour, widow of deceased,
and J. Ogden Armour, his son. Mrs. Ar
mour and. J. Ogden. Armour are made ex
ecutrix and executor and are named as
legatees, each receiving one-half of the
estate. -
Of the testator's wealth $14,900,000 is In
personal property and $100,000 In realty.
P. D. Armour and Lester Armour, grand
sons by his- sob P. D. Armour Jr., who
died in - California a year airo, are not
made legatees directly in the will, but are
provided for handsomeiy by "charges on
the legatees." . . It - is urovided in these
"charges" that upon attaining the age of
25 years each of the grandchildren shall
receive, $1,000,000, half of this from Malvlna
B. Armour, their grandmother, and half
from J. Osrden Armour, their uncle.. At
30 years of p.ge each is to receive a similar
amount from grandmother and • uncle.
Should they live to attain the ages men
tioned, each will, therefore, receive an
aggregate of $2,000,000 from the estate. -As
a reason for not leaving- his grandchildren
more, the writer of the will explains th-it
their father, during his life, had already
received nearly all of jiis share in the es
tate. To this the children and the>r
mother are heirs.
The executrix and executor are. given
full power to manage the estate without
bond. The instrument is dated Pasadena,
California, Januarv 30. 1900.
Armour Institute, Mr. Armour's pet
project, which he fostered with a lavish
hand during life, is not mentioned in the
will, but it is regarded as certain that
provision for it was made before its pa
tron died.
A codicil to-the will, under date of Pas
adena, California, February 12. 1900. pro
vides . that the -executrix and executor
shall not be responsible to any court for
their handling of the estate and otherwise i
emphasizes the entire independence of the
legatees in dealing •with the property
which falls from him to them. -
L. C. Krauthoff, an attorney long In the
service of -Mr. Armour, declared that Mr.
Armour ¦ had made provision for the Ar
mour Institute before drawing his will at
Pasadena. In reference to the fact that
the will leaves nothing to charity, Mr.
Krauthoff said:
"Mr. Armour gave to charity during his
life rather than hold back the good It
would do until after his death. A day
never passed during his business career
that he did not give liberally to some
charity, and the aggregate of his gifts
of this character would mount well up
into the millions."
Widow and Sod, J. Ogden
I Irmour, Each Got
One-Half.
ARMOUR ESTATE
EVENLY DIVIDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL-Ii, TUESDATj JANIJARY 29, 1901.
11
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
(Successor to Flannatrnn & Gallagher.) ¦ '•'•'¦
-¦ DANIEL P." DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMERS.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
BAIXWAY' TRAVEL.
Santa Fe -
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local LlnVd Ovrl'd Local
v Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:2S a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:25 p
'••Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•' Fresno .. 1:20 p ?:35 p 3:05 a
•' Hanford. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:M a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•' Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
'• Bksfleld . «:50p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City JMla 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
9 00 a. m. train t« the- California Limited,
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to BakersSeld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4-20 p. m. 1« Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11035 a. m. daily.
8*00 p. tn. is the Overland Express, with
through Palac* and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
re*pondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln .Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. rtally.
Offlce«— Ml Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Franc!scc>-*riS Broadway, Oak-
land. .___ \
, „ 1 .
\CHICACO I
I" LESS th <">
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10A.M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North- Western Line .
J~\OWBLE Draving'T^oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buff etf^ making and Library
¦*— ' Cars, with barbir. Dicing Cars—
meals ah carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every week from San Francisco
at 6 p. tn. The best of everything.
rt. tt.' nircKis
617 Market St. General Agent Pacific Cbatt
Palace Hotel SAX FXAXCISCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S*J4J*allt« Ferry.
Commencing • September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO a TO a MIL L VALUCT
EXTRA THIPS-Fcr Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. ' , ; -- ;- ¦¦>¦.. .
• 8UNDAYS—«8:00. 10.Ce. ni:30 a. m.. f.tS.
J-15, *4:45. «:3O. 9:00 p. m. •
'1 Traln« marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
F WEEK DAY8-5:20. -. 7:45. 9:30 aTS:;
•12-30 1:45, *3:3O. 4:36. 5.- 20 p. m.
EXTRA TIUPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-«:20. •S:00. 'lO^. , niitt a.
"n:40. '2:1s.' 4:45. »«:30 p. m. '
7 Trains marked (•) start from San QuentJn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43, 7U3. 9:30 a. in/
12JS5. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m. . '
: EXTRA* TRIPS- on Mondays, -Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. *
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05.^ m., 12:05, 1:15. 2-an
5:00, 6:45 p. m. -T*
THROUGH . TRAINS.
t:S5 a. m. week days— Cazadero ¦ aad war
stations. . - - . ,--....'
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
Ftatlons. . - rYMT Tlf *1 i<ff*t^BnTB|iniOT
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. <
¦ODTHRBH rACiriO COJtFAMT.
(FAOirio siirfuf.)
Trataa Mat* »n«l i»r« 4n* lo nrrltt at
MAN KIUMi:i!«t'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Stoeoft.) v
liayi — From January 1. 130L — aisitj
TiSO* BrnicU. Sui«un, Elmlrk. YteaTiS*,
0 Bamwl toil :»cr»nieii«o 7illp
TiSOa Dm U, Woodlaad. Knights Landing.
MarjsYllle, oroflllo 7<l3p
TiSOa Atlantic Kxprasa— Ogden mad Kaat 12»15 r
»:«o » Martinez. biu llatuon, V»Uojo. Map*.
CaiUtoga and Santa Roaa O:I.Tr
»:00a Xflei. LiTermor?, Tracy, lathroft
Stockton 7il3*
SiSOa Shaata 1 xpreos— Daila, Williams (tot
• Bartlett Springs), Willows, Kml
Bluff. Portland. 7«t3p
¦ ISO* Bait Jose. LUermcre, Stockton, A
loot. Sacramento, Plaeenille,
JWrjulllo. Chleo, Itert Bluff 4il-1p
Bitin * Oakdale. Chinese, Sonora. Carter*... 4s 1.1 r
»:OO* naywanla. Nueaaad Wai Station*. 1 !:».¦>»
U:OOaLos ABgeies Express— Martlnes.
Tracy, Lathrop, ritockton, Merced
Fresno antl Los Angeles ?<l-lp
fiiunt XtXW J<>. Martinez ami Way Station* Sit.ir
I V;O»* Tho Orerlaud Llir.lted— Ordon. Dtia-
W, Omaha. Chicago »t*lt
11:00a Nile*. Stockton. .Sacramento, Man*
dots. Freano, IUnford. Vbalia,
Vorter»lllo «»I3»
It >OO A LlTercnore, Banger. Goahen Joao-
tlon. Bikersfield, Los Angslrs
fl:OOr Sftcratnento l!l»er Steamer*. t"* !< * 9 A
StOOp Hay w<trd», Nile* and War SUtloiw. 9: 1.1 p
J>;»nr Martluex. Man lUinon, Vallejo,
Ntrn, itellatn**. Haul* Rnra ViLia
«sf>*p Beuicla. Winter*, Sacrament
Wou.llaml. KnUhU Laodlaf,
M»ry»»lll«\ Oroillle K»:I3«
4i3»r Harwards. Mtoiaml San Jo«e ?»»«.•»*
3:OOr Nlles. Li»ermor». Stockfm. Lodl ... IOiIJ*
fSiOOroutuet Limiteo, El Paso. Kew _
Orleans and East. «1Oj13a
8: OOp TU« Owl Umited-Tracr. Vienna.
Bakeradeld. Haiigua for Santa U^r-
bara. Loa Anaetea. l»>19a
StO*rN«w Oilsane Einreia— BakereflelJ,
H»nt» liarbara, Loa Aneales. Denf
lu». El Pmo. New Orleaus and
Kaat.... 7i4»4
•:Mr Havwards, Nile* and Haa Jose 7i ••-> 4
4S;O«r Vaflojo Ili43*
«iO«rOrIenUl Jlsll-Ogden, Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:15/
«iO«t Oriental Matt— Ofden. Beaver.
Omaha. Chtaum. *il3r
7:00 r OreKoii aad Callfortita Kx|>r«w,Naa<
Mi.imito, KUoiTlIIe. UetMIng, ¦'
I'ort U11.I. Pii|«l Motuid ami Kaa« Sl43«
SiO-irSan Pablo. Pork Costa, MarUnea
. and Way Statfoua 11>434
I*:O3p Vallejo .?>» 7t*3T
COAST |tiriSI4>N (Narrow Usage).
> <r-oot at Attrkat 8U*o>->
St 1 3 a 2iewaxk.Center<Ul*.8aa Jo*».Felton,
. BonlderC)re«»,S»uUGrn»andW»«
Station. ••••• •«••»
taiISP Newark. CsiiterTills. 8a» .Icie, Naw
Almadan. Fvltoa. lloulder Creak.
8anU Croa and rrindpal W»f
Sutioni !»••»•*
4i1Sp Nawark, Han Jm«. LoiGatos SiSOa
«*>SOp Hantars' Exeanlon, San Jo«« and
WarBtatUrea fit***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtasii faiscisco-ri.t »f uui«t sumks:i» §)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 1:00 5:13p.m.
From Oakland — Foot of Broadway. — 1« IS 13:14
10:C0a.m. 12:00 Z:00 4:00p.nx.
COAST DITISIOX 7nr«adCa«n«>.
, f fhlrd »nd Tovrn«e«Mt Sta.)
40il«AOceau Viow. South nan JTranciaeo.. t«* : - Jl "
7lO»* Sail Jow a.ul W»r StaUom <N«w
Aliuadeu \Ve»liMwdaj» onlj) li»»»
••••a Man Josa. Trea Ftiioa. Santa Crua.
racite «3ro»a. l'aao !tohl««. Man
I.nlg Oblapo. Surf. Loinpoe awl
Prlnci;ial Way StaUnin «il»»
I ni«»* Ban Jo»e anil VTa/ SUtioua f 1 ?*!*
tliSOA 8au Jo*e aiuJ WajT^talloi* «i4»»
t'-it l»r Ban Mateo, IUdweo.1. Uenlo Park.
Palo Atto. flanU Clara, S»n .loa^
Tret Pinoa. 8auU Cm, Salto«*
Monterey *«,» PaeiBo Oro». !»•'*•»
fXiMr San Joa*aud War BUtlmia 2'?? r
t4:I5paanJo*eaiid Principal WayStatlona »:«3a
13tO«rS«n Jo»«, Lo» Oatoe and Priudpal -
WaySyitlont ?! t ?J*
SiSOp San Jote au.l PHnc(pal Way station* 3 **
•:a»p9ai»Jo«*au.l Way Stations *5 s t!t*
1lt45paan Joan awl Way HUtlons 7i»tt>
AforMoruiug. P {or Afternoon,
tftnnrfayexeented. X 8«nda J (BUT*
t Mondays. Wedaesdmjm, Friday*.
e Tuesdays. Tbnrsdays, anndaja.
a Situr Jay only.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTESiN ST. CO.
LESSEE!
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COWPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Martcet St
Snn Francisco tn Snn Rafael.
T1BURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATB— 7:30, 9M. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. J:JO.
8:10, <:30 p. tn. Thursday*- Extra trip at U:»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aatt
11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:00. »:». U:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:30. «.¦««.
1:20 p. m.
San Rafa;l to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:W. 7:J0, »:20. U:10 a. m.; 12-.1&.
3:<0. 3:10 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. in*
SUNDAYS— 8:10, »:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40, 8:0J.
t-ti p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
game schedule aa abore.
Leave \ In Effect I Arrtv»
San Francisco. I Nov. 7. 1300. | San Francl»co._
Week I Sun- I I Sun- J Week
Days. | day. | Destination. | day*, f Day*.
7:30 am 8:011 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 an
S:30 pra 9:30 am Petaiuma, «:05 pm 10:M am
4:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm «:33 ptn
Fulton. _
7:30 am Windsor. V):Z& an
Healdsburr.
Ly tton,
Geyserrtlle.
8:» ptn 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm »:iB pn
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
1 8:00 am| and Uldah. | 7:35 pm| <:22 pm
7-30 am ' ' 10:3 ana
8:00 am Guernavllle. 7:3S pm
1:30 pm X «=M P™
7:30 cm 8:00 am Sonoma 9:12 am 8:40 am
• ¦ • . and
1:10 pm S:0Opni Glen Ellen. 1:06 pm I:t3pm
?:30am| »:00am| 110:40 am!lf:l5 am
S:30pm( 5:00 pjn[ SebastopoL I 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Sprlr&-» and White Sulphur Springs : at Fulton
XorAltruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville fcr Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverda!*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprinss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlut
Springs: at Uklah for Vlchr Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wltt«r
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter VaJley.
John Day's, Riverside. L4eriey*a, BucknelVs.
Sanhedrln Heights. HallvHle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclso City. Fort Bragg. Weatport. Usal.
Willetts. Laytcnvtlle. Cumralngs. Bell's Sprlngst
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka,
¦Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket: office. C50 Market St., Chronicle build-
Ing. *l. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pa» Aft.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:13 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS..... .3:00, 10:00, 11:30 aad 1:13 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and return.
tl 40. • ..,»..
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 821 Market rt.. Sausalito Ferry.
ROOMS FOn HOUSEKEEPING.
TENTH, 13$— Sunny housekeeping rooms, large
yard; and other rooms. '
TURK. 332—1 large housekeeping room: 1 sun-
ny front room, suitable for dressmaker. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions- has. been established at 1W6
>alencla st.
"°" 3 - S - TO LET Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL^ 321 Grant ave.-Best doT
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
once: large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms SOc up; flrst-class meals S5c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth-Rooms 25o
to fl pe r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
- housekeeping; open all night.
ALTON. 204 McAllister— Larpe sunny well fur-
nished front suite: suitable for 3 or 4 adults.
BURNETT. 14M Market (old No. . 1364)— Fur-
njghed rms.. suites, ein^le; also unfurnished.
'bush. 520 (Tne Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vatcd; all cenven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
rOLSOM, 7S7A— Nicely furnished rooms, single
or rtj suit*, with bcth, ga^ and use of
kitchen; reasonable; no sign.
FULTON. C35— Sunny furnished room by a
young German couple; terms reasonable.
GEARY. 405(Th» Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites cr Flnsle; travelers accommodated.
COUGH. 1613— A larere nicely furnished front
room, with hot and cold water; very con-
venient for two gentlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and MlFFion sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
slnsle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO. 213. near Fourteenth — Sunny
front oleove room.
HOWARD. 113S — Sunny room suitable for two;
$1 TO p*r week.
JESSIE, ;66. first \floor— Furnished room for 3
gent>rr.en ; also single. .:.-• •
LAS PALM AS. 1K0 Market St.— Suite of J or 3
rms: private: bath; sin. rms; board optional.
MINNA. 6S7. corner Elghth-Newly furnished
bay-window room: Si per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished room« and
j offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. no.
i rixn. 2S14. near Broderick— Nicely furnished
j eur.ny front room, with bath, ?S.
j ROYAL Hcu?e. 12S K11U «>t.— Incandescent liahf.
: reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, rer nlrht. S5c to 11 60; week, S3 t»
j tS; rr.cnth. JS to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths. .»,.
EOfEDALE House. 819-3T1 Ellis et.— Rooms.
Eight. 25c to Jl: week., $1 25 to *4: open night.
SACRAMENTO, 1611— Two sunny furnished
rooms. * " ¦• : J ¦> - *
SEVENTH, ITS— Lars* furnished front room;
large closet; bclcony; bath; tl SO per week.
SEVENTH, 4SG — 4 Eunny rooms for housekeep-
<ng.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth. St..
neer Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice front furnished rooms
fcr housekeeping; rent cheap.
SUNNY front rooms; nicely furnished; cen-
trally located. Box 134S, Call office.
SITTER. 22t)«4— Cbanired hands; newly reno-
vated; tingle rooms.. J8; «ultes. $12 to S25 mo.
SUTTER. 717— Very choice room, Including
bath, eleeant houae. $&.
TAYLOR. 611 (Norwood) — Rooms en suite and
Eingle; phone: hot and cold water; sunny.
TURK. 543— Clean, larg* single room for gen-
tleman: U 50 per month.
WEDSTER. 2319— Large sunny bay-window
room: gas: bath: no other roomers.
BOOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SCT California «t.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and Flahtly rooms at modest rates. i
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 1103H Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204— Sunny suite par-
lors; alcove room; with or without board.
BOOMS end board; pr!res reasonable. 41S
First »t.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfurnished room*; sunny
Fide of Ftreet; light housekeeping; • north of
Market & east of Fillmore tt*. Box 1414. CalL
I WANTED— 2 to 5 centrally located unfurnished
j rooms: give full particulars. Box 1430. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pins
are the best: rafe, reliable; take no other:
tend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city nr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery rt.. rooms 9-10: tel. KSO.
SEWI.XG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds boutrht. Fold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought. *old, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented.' repaired; needles and
Fhuttles: reduced rate>. 145 fith: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERC^-RODOLPH~^toragT^id^fovInK~Co?;
office. Post and Powell stB.; tel. Main S71J.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
I;EKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st ;
tel. (Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHOXES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines. H M a
>»t: electrical work Installed. 1536 Pt. Loboa.
TYPEWBITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN T7PEWRITERS-W*
Fell better machines for lens money than any
house In the city: rentals. JJ. The Typewriter
Exchange, T3F> California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DTviD^Ni^"*Notlce^C^lfornia Wine* Assc-
clatlon.— Dividend No. 18 of sixty cents per
chare has been d>clared, and is payable on
and after Monday. February 1L 1901, at the
Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
Etcck books will close on. Tuesday, February
E. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.. up to which date
transfers of stock may be. made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
'DirectorF.
HENRY VAX BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 113 (fifty
cents per rhare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of
the company, 227 Market St.. on and after
Friday, February 1, 190L Transfer books will
close on Saturday. January 29. 1901. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
George S. Sullivan. 24, 543A Seventh street,
and Nellie Talbot, 2*. S43A Seventh street.
Miguel J. Molera. 29. Merced, and Alice M.
Caranza. 16. 2S7 Geary street.
-William L. Ebert. 27. 3.11 Fifth street, and
Frieda S. Praetorlus. IS. 20 Hartford street.
Thomas J. O' Boyle, 29, Vallejo, and Annie
E. Caveney. 22, city.
John Andres, 30, city, and Bertha Chapman.
35, cltj-. ¦ -
Henry B. Witt, 32, Oakland, and Sophie L.
Joost. 21, city.
David V. Hooper. 25, CI7 York street, and
Harriet C. Quteley. 20. 627 York.«treet.
John L. Vest. 22. 420 Sixth street, and Lorena
Lf*. 17. Kelgeyvllle. ¦ « . -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
fnail will not be Inserted. They must bg handed
tn at either of the publication offlce* and be
indori>«d with the name and residence of . per-
eens authorized to have the "game published.
ADDERLEY— In this city, January 28, 1901." to
the wife of Stanley Adderley. a daughter.
MARRIED. l
FULHAM— MARKLEY— In this city. December
9. 1900, by the Rev. Dr.. John A. B. Wilson.
Leo H. Fulham and Maude E. Markley, both
of San I'Yanclsco.
GULARTE- GREEN— In this city, January 27.
1901, by the Rev. F. Bonn. Antone D. Gularte
and Mathilda Green, both of San Francisco.
__ _
Bauer, August '. Gonzales.' Brazil
• Reanw. Mary E. Grannlss. Col.GeaW.
Bernard. Julia Hilmer. Chas. H. L.
Burch. -Andrew Horn. . Bernard
Cassidy. Phillo Hutter. Rosa ¦
Cassou, Bernard F. Jordan. Conrad
Crane. John F, Jordan (infant) -
CrocKer. Newell W. Koejrel. Frank ' A. ' '
OroMDy, George O. • Langlol. Edward
CuUen. Edward Mlllican. Annie M. ,
Cunningham, Eliza- ' Murray, Patrick
brth - Newg-ard, Louis C.
Cutting. Margaret ** O'Connor. " Mary
Dalmae. Laura Paullssen, Henry
De Luca, Iacooo • • -PolacI .- Pauline ,'R.
Fry, Charles T. Reid. H. C. ¦
Futzpatrick. Margaret Ryan. Michael
Gellert. Louis 1 Schachmayr. A.
Gibbs. Julia Z. Sullivan. Julia V.
BAUER— In this city, January 26, 1901, Au-
gust, beloved brother of Adolph, Henry and
the late Carl Bauer, a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 63 years 10 months and 3 days.'
K7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thlB day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II.. F... Suhr. & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
BEAMER— In Oakland.- January 28, 1901, Mary
E. beloved wife of R. H. Beamer of.Wood-
«¦ land. Cal.. and mother of Blanche. Fred and
Jo Beamer and Mrs. C. B. Hobson, a native
of Kentucky, aged 49 years 11 months and
8 days.
BERNARD-In this city, -January 28, 1901,
Julia, relict of the late H. M. Bernard of
fcacramento. and mother of Lizzie M. and
Harry R. Bernard, a native of St. Louis,
Mo., aged £7 years 8 months and 20 days.
BURCH— In this city, January 28, 1901, An-
drew Burch. beloved husband of Anna Burch.
? »* father of Mabel. Walter. Fred. La-
rayette. Bruce and Carrie Burch. a native of
Sweden, aged 54 years 9 months and 23
CASSIDY— A solemn month's mind requiem
mass will be celebrated to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at St. Joseph's ChurchT at 9 o'clock,
tor the repose -of the soul of the late Philip
casaldy. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
CASSOU— In Oakland, January 2S, 1901. Ber-
nard F. Cassou, son of Mr. and Mrs. J.
Catsou, grandson of Monnique Larborde, and
S£?i! ew of Mr - and Mrs - B - Cassou and 'Miss
Catherine Larborde, aged 2 months and 28
. Cp"Frlends and acquaintances a.re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at
the residence of Mrs. J. Cassou, 820 Frank-
lin street, corner Sixth. Interment St. Mary' a
Cemetery. Oakland.
CK^'E-In Pittsfleld, 111., January 10. 1901,
John Francis (Edmond). beloved son of Cath-
arine and the late John M. Crane, and
brother of Nora Crane, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years.
t E7"RemaIns at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company. 405 Powell street,
near Post. Notice of funeral hereafter.
CROCKER— In this city. January 25. 1901.
Newell. W. Crocker, a native of Maine, aged
C6 years. . ¦, ¦••• ¦< . .
ICr Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets,' under
the auspices of Doric Lodge No. 218, F. and
CROSBY— In this city. January 27, 1901. George
O. Crosby, father of Mrs. Jennie B. Taeker,
a native of Vermont, aged S2 year3 and 14
days.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
rully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of 3unker & Lunt, 2666 MIt-
eion street. Mission Masonic Temple. Inter-
ment private.
CULLEN— In this city. January 57. 1901. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of the late Annie Cul-
len, dearly beloved father of Thomas P.,
Mary T.. Katie A. and Edward Cullen. and
brother of Mra. M. Hanrahan. a native of
Erlingford. County Kilkenny. Ireland. a«ed
£>S j-ears.
Cp"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner of Army and • Missouri
streets, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. \ Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. January' 27. 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of John Cunningham,
and Flster of Joseph O'Connor and the late
Sister M. Victoria of Buffalo, N. Y.. an<l
Dennis O'Connor, a native of the parish of
Morey, County Wexford. Ireland, ated M
years. (Buffalo, *N. Y., papers please copy.)
C7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at ?:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 33IS6A Twenty-second street, between
Valencia and Guerrero, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing' at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crcss Cemetery.
CUTTING— In this city, January 2S, 1901, Mar-
garet Cutting, wife of C. XV. Cutting, and
mother of Mrs. A. C. Miller of New York,
Mrs. W. F. Johnson and the late Mrs. Grace
Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years
11 months and 15 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, thence to St. Charles Church, where
services will . be held at 9 o'clock. Intlr-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALXUS — In this city, January 27, 1901, Laura,
beloved wife of Charles Dalmas, a native of
San Francisco, aged 41 years 9 months and
9 da:s.
• (C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate. Undertaking Company, 2429
Mls3ion street, ntar Twenty-flrst. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.- • ¦
DE LUCA— Solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated at Saints Peter and Paul's Church,
corner Dupont and Filbert streets, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, for the late lacopo
de Luca. , . ..
FITZPATRICK— In this city, January 27. 1901.
Margaret, beloved daughter of Nora and th<?
late Francis Fitzpatrlck, and slxter of Mary
and Frank Fitzpatrick. a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 10 months and 3
days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1232 Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass win be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. , Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRY— In 'this clty.j January 2S, 1901, Charles
T., beloved son of George L. and Anna M.
Fry, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months.
GELLERT— In this city. January 28, 1901,
Louis, husband of the late Yetta Gellert, and
beloved father of Henry. Jaccb M. and Isaac
Gollert and Mrs. William Gumpert of Stock-
ton. Cal., a native of Krotoschln, Prussia,
aged 74 years and S months.
GIBBS— In this city, Januarv 27. 1901, Julia
Zlegler Glbbs, dearly beloved wife of W. G.
Glbbp, and mother of Dr. C. L. Zlejrler. a
native of Maine, aged 54 years and 10
months. A charter member of -Amity Re-
bekah Lodge No. 161. I. O. O. F.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where the funeral services will be held, under
the auspices of Amity Rebekah Lodee No.
161. I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. . - •
GONZALES— In the City and County Hospital,
January 27, 1501. Brazil Gonzales, a native of
Mexico, aged 23 years.
GRANNISS— In this city, January 26.. 1901.
Colonel George W. Grannlss, beloved husband
of Elizabeth I. Grannlss. and father of Mrs.
Alexander Center, a native of New Haven,
Conn., aged 75 years 8. months and 9 days.
KT Funeral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2260 Franklin street. * Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
HILMER— In this city. January 23. 1S01, at his
residence. 510B Fulton 6treet, Charles Henry
Ludwig, dearly beloved husband of Barbara
Hllmer, beloved father of Kate I*. Rosnlt;
M., Charles Henry Jr.. William A.. Frank
E. t Fred L., Emma H. and Louis O. Hilmer,
and brother of Fred Hllmer of Bremen. Ger-
many, Louis Hilmer of Petaiuma, Cal.. the
Rev. Herman Hllmer of Hanover. Germany,
and Louisa Rothkoppf of Burghdorf, Ger-
many, a native of Burghdorf, Germany, aged
£3 years and 10 days. A member of Madera
Lodge No. 279, A. O. U. W. (Los Angeles.
Anaheim and Medera papers please copy.)
(t7£*riends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 610B Fulton etreet. between Octavia
and Laguna, thence to St. Boniface's Chun/h,
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones ¦ an:l
Leavenworth streets, where > a solemn re-
qulem'hlgh mass will be celebrated for the
repese of his gouI, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
Funeral under, the auspices of Madera Lodge
No. 279. A. O. U. W. V
HORN— In this city, January 27, 1901, Bernard
Horn, relict of the late Elizabeth A. Horn, be-
loved father of Bernard J. Horn. Mrs. ii. H.
Powell and Elizabeth A. and Thomas Horn,
and brother of Mrs. J. Brlslan. a native of
Troy, N. Y., aged 66 years. ,-,¦•. ,-
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2S01 Marlposa street, corner of Florida,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, .where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
' repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock'
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, .- by special
car from Twenty-fifth and ; Valencia streets
at 11:50 o'clock. .'
HUTTER— In thls'clty. January 87, 1901, Rosa,
beloved wife of John Hutter Jr.. and mother
of Rosa. A. and - Frieda Hutter. a native of
EnKelberjr. 6chweiz,,aged,38 years 7. months
and 3 days. ¦¦-.<; • .
(t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this. day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from, the" parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
JORDAN— In this city. January 27, - 1901. Con-
rad Jordan, a native of Germany, aged 55
years.- • •' ... • " ¦ . i- ¦ ¦,- / ¦ : ¦ • ;:-¦
JORDAN— In this city, January JS. 1901, infant
dauchter of Lieutenant James H. and Mary
Jordan, a native ¦ of San Francisco, axed 1
day.- ' ¦ ' : ¦ .-- ' *¦•¦ ' -¦
KOEGEL— In .this city. January 28, 1901. Frank
A., beloved husband of Jane Koeeel,, nnd
father of Edward, David. Prank and Wil-
liam Koeeel and the late Mrs. • Nell C.
Whyte, a native of Baden. . Germany, aged
71 years. ,' *'IHUHfiVfMaP9i*ssfiBB^BHHKSMIS
ETFriends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday)-. at 1 trclock,". from the » family
residence, 1176 Harrison n street. > Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery,. by electric car from
Klrhth.nml Harrlson> streets. - .. .
LANGLOI— In this city. January 28, 1901, Ed-
¦ ward, husband of Matilda Lanfflol, nnd
BIRD
OF
PASSAGE
Passing on the Santa Fe
San Francisco to
Chicago in 3 days— tho
California
Limited
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAJLB.
HEAL ESTATE BARGAIN*.
A. M. FPECK & CO..
«7 MAP.KET ST^ OPPOSITE KEARNT.
Two nice fiat* neax'glxth st.; rei.'^J for $25;
*5 each.
¦ •"•¦, J3CG0.
Four Cats: rents %\%: downtown, near 4th et.
jeooo.
TT-.ree choice fiatr: near Post and Taylor ets.:
pojn 10 per cent: :7 feet front: offer wanted.
££00-HTDE-ST. CORNER.
ir-room houee; lot 40x90 feet.
jsooo.
Market et.: north eiie; Z9 tW front; near
\ alencla ct.
$11,000.
Sutler rt.. near Taylor: very cheap.
$11,000—3 BIUND-XF.W FLATS.
P.ectfd under lease lor JK'2 a month; halt
carh required.
_ t „ 5T50O.
- - at *i. crana new; east of Van Xess ave. ;
rent* J7I; all rerted.
Flats; few blocks frcm Van Ness ave.; rents
}-j; all rented; ', cai=h.
' fll.OCO.
Oranrt l«-room rcrMfnce on Jsckeon st.
PI/afr-REDUCED FROM 51S.55O.
r.urineps rrop.rty: fame tenants fcr years;
rtcre ar.d roomirc-hoi^e.
Jis.wo.
»irar.d corner: Lravcn worth Ft.: SO feet front:
r.U rcr.trd for flli; nicrtsage £3000 can. remain.
fit 6 jkt ornt.
• ST5.tt<V- REDT'CED FP.Oil JS2.C00.
Cho!« c->rn^r lat. T."-frot fror.t; within half a.
of Market Ft.: with old Improvement* ;
rents about J400; the only corner that can be
bejsht vicinity cf flxth Et.
si:.coo.
Ker.ts ttCO; 3 t.ctt flat-.-, choice locality.
$20,000.
Ccracr. d t<>rt Trent; vlrinlty Butter et., east
of Hyde: prand hcttl, o'fice or rcomlng-house
Site: rents J!C7.
t r r..r-oo irfvnsTED.
<3rar.3 corner: brand-new building-; guaran-
teed ka*^ r^> s ' V1 ft month r.ft.
flj.OOO— VICINITY SECOXD ST.
Corner K'.xic: feet, with Improvement!: rect-
Inc f>-r tV'O per tncntii.
This «5irtrlot ls hnnmirx.
IH.OOO—XEJm EGOOKD AXD MISSION*.
ZjcI CsTC feet} rents nnmlnal; & sure esap.
F-_-tter-st. ccrr-.pr; S7:6xS7:6: elegast improve-
rr:cnt»; rents S1SC0 ;»r arinura;
$l r '0.0C''.
Market «t.. near Ca!l; 5 p»r cent net.
A. M. FPECK A CO..
C€7 Mtrkft Et.. crpoeJte Kearny.
r 'Trerr< i r.«enre solicited.
rOTTACE house en Golflcn Gate ave.. near
First ave.. with 5 lot*. 2;xl37:« oaoh: on sun-
t-y side of street, contains 6 rooms, bath-
rnr-Tn. hlph basement; it was mcrtgappd for
tZ'Z9 end cau nw be rureha?=pd at the give
away price of $2^0. payab!" in easv Insir.U-
rr>crts; th«» rroperty ls aFsp«=Fod for J1S00: the
buyer could fc'.I one of ihe lots If he wanted
to reduce the com; the housf ronts for $12
rcr month and could easily rent for 525; $>V)
ha* been offered: it must be fiold this coming
v«k. W. J. GUNN. T.M Callforrila et., be-
tv«en Montgomery and Kearny.
THE cheapest lot^ !n Fan Francisco are those
w*Il-loeated and choice bulldlr.* sites that I
em offTins in Richmond at such low prices
that you can borrow nearly the whnl« ,
amount of the purrhaFe- meney. or you can
ray in Installments of J20; cable cars pass
!n frcr.t and the Gi«ar>--st. cars only Sift feet
to the east: all ¦ traded and street work all
done. VT. J. GUXK. MO California et.
CALL cb W. J. GUNK and purchase one or
two cf those very choice lota In Richmond
that are belni? sold Da cheap, with the cable
can pacing In front end within 240 ft. of the
Oeary-et. cars : why j ou can jilmoit borrow
the amount of the purchase m^ney In any
p&vinp* bank. The lots ar* graded ar.d all
the Ftreet work 1? Cone. You can pay cash
cr in <~aey Installments. So .far all the lots
Fcld have been for cash, a few days more, as
more lots are sold, '-jp will co the prices for '
t*-.e few left. W. J. GUVK. 630 California St..
between Montgomery end Kearny.
IF ycu have property north of the ParX and
ycti *i£h to eell quickly, then call on W. J.
GTTSJi. ESO California rt.
}W«-HOrFE and lot In the 9"0 block of Pine
Ft., on easy terms; S300. lot 10^x150. cor. Man-
«=f !1 and TMncetnn »;ts. PATTERSON' & CO.,
11 City Hail square.
TO l^t— A fine cite for a coal yard; lot on the
FOCtfc side cf Golden Gate ave.. near Larkln
Ft. : rer.t t!5. Inauire at 8CT Filbert st.
ftr^—I^OT feet, with 2 newly built mod-
em flats: rents $600 net: bank Interest 11X0:
lr.vrsUjrate this. Owner, t2S Lombard St.,
corner of Jones.
FOR Sale — An exceptional banraln In that ele-
rant l^-j-oom up-to-date residence. 775 Cole
et.; new; elegantly decorated; open daily.
A •WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The 'Weekly Call.
16 r*urey. In wrapper, for malllnir. II per year.
RCA.L ESTATE COLWTRY — For Sale
TO LET — A beautiful 4-room cottag-e. hard fln-
lfh'd. with hall, ham. chicken house and
fr.e well cf water: eff the Ran Leandro road;
SO minutes to Oakland and CO minutes to S. j
F. : to the rlpht party. r*>nt rearonabie. In-
q--Ire at f"7 Fiilx-rt »t.. Fan Francisco.
SL OMIFFIN". 719 Market, sells and exchanicet.
'ty and country realty; printed lists; Sonoma.
F^r.ta <~lara. Fha;=ta and other counties.
VRITE J. W. HORN, «2 Main, Petaiuma. for
*re» mrv of Sonoma Co. r»al estate barcralns.
REAL, ESTATE WAVTED.
"U'AKTnrv— Fand lots In part pay for house and
lot. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J2VW — ELEGANT new house. S rooms and bath;
W-ft. lot; palm and fruit tree*; K»9f>; new j
cott*^«>. « rr.om«. J300 cash. $30 per month.
J. H. ynrsC. rwr.er end builder. 1»48 Paik.
VERY Fr>e<-ial barpain*: foreclosure properties;
PTuir.e frapy; cnouph »ald, as I do net be-
liere in extended ads. J. A. REMMEL, Bay
Htaxlon. Alameda.
t*7f>— TO close an estate: flee building corner
let 4"xlO«; bet. railroads; 2 blocks High
Fchonl; str^t work complete; bargain. See
rwr.fr. A. G. nintXS. l£ f 1 Park Ft.. AUrneda.
fiiLKlYLLfcl AliiUKlloLMciylo
DERKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
Tilt barcains In P.erkr'ey or Oakland proper- ¦
ty »=*^ P.. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3 fourth
f.oor. Mills buU&DC San Francisco, or 4S7
Ninth n.. Oakland.
QAKliXMDYERTlSEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) III-; A I. ESTATE.
$*03 CASH. J7 £0 monthly till paid for: cottage
cf ." rooms and bath; large barn. Chicken
* hoafe and run; fruit trees and shrubbery; a
r.iee. cozy home In the rlfrht spot, beln*
healthful: 2 fine lots. 130 feet deep: picket
fence; city water and wwer; near a model
fcchcclhouse and electric cars; nice nelBb-
borhood; fandy loam noil; view somethlnx
prand; away from e^ld winds and fog; ad-
Jolnlr.jr Haft Oakland; call or send for circu-
Jcr for ohrap lota or acreare. 455 Seventh
«„ Oakland, Hro«4way station. Carriage
iTt*. H. Z. JONES, owner. ,
FOR barsains in IJ^rkeley or Oakland proper-
ty «e H. J. ilONTGOMEItY. room 3. fourth
floor. Mills »juiH!r.»r.. Kan Francisco, or 467
Ninth ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTCRE FOR SALE.
AH Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
TuT.lt v.rf flpaler. llth >nd Franklin. Oakland.
nOOMS_FOR_IIOlTSEKEEPrXG. "*•
HRANNAN. TZi, abeve ¥ixth— Sunny kitchen
and br-tliccm furnirhed. $7.
ri-LIsl Ctl— A newly furnished suite of »
rooms: housekeeping: $;2 M; ess.
FIFTH. 852— 3 furhlshrd connecting housekeep-
Inir rooms, $14: also single, u to $7.
ril-LI-fORE. sroi— Ilousckeeplnjc rooms; isrlKht
j.-tfl cunny.
FOURTEENTH. 216— T^are* tunny front room
and oonnectins room: nultable bousekeeplnic.
OfilitiKV GATE ave.. 7C8— Nice, tunny hous*-
kp<T)!ng room*; bath, era* stoves; reasonable.
HAHRIS^ON. 731— 4 rooms furnished complete
tor bouse::e»>pinc: yard: bath; rent 116.
HAYES. W7, nr. Fillmore— Elegantly furnished
hou*eke<»pinir rooms. Call after 1 p. m.
JEK5=in. 2C3. near Fifth and Market— Sunny
houRek«*ep!ng rooms, f* per month.
LARKIX. 804— Larsre sunny back room: fur-
n!shed; one i.r two persons; light house-
keeping: >C.
W1FFION, llZZ'hi— Housekeeping rooms, ' J2 and
Z2 tO per week.
JIIESIOX. I7T9^i, near Thirteenth— 1 sunny fur-
r1f.bed rootae; batb end laundry; $8.
OCTAVIA. 1403, for. Geary— Larffe, Funny bay-
window; also r'.ngle room: wjth kitchen.
CPARRELL. Zi2 — One large unfurnished bouse-
r. «¦• pir.p room; furniEhcd rooms for gentlemen.
J'OLK. EZT-Deslrabla unfurniihed and fur-
nisbed room*.
SIXTH. 13C— Sunry rooms for light faousekeejt-
lTur.
v f UTTER. 678— Floor for housekeeping and
ether rooms for gentlemen. •
E7"The funeral will take place "• to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Theodor
Dlerks' undertaking: parlors. 957 Mission
street.- Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 27, 1901,
Julia Virginia, beloved daughter of Timothy
and Mary Sullivan, and Bister of John. Aloy-
sius. May, Paul and Alice • Marguerite Sulli-
van, a native of San Francisco, aced S
years 10 months and 27 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the uarents. 2 California avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
lur Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend'the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2G66 Mission
street, near Twenty-third. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
RYAN— At his residence, 2034 Folsom street,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Ryan,
and father of Mamie. Josle. Hattie and the
late William and Maggie Ryan, a native of
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 62 years.
JETTuneral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 2034 Folsom street. Interment private.
SCIIACHMAYR — Mrs. Augusta Echaehmayr.
¦ from Berlin, slater of Edward Zschlesche,
aged 51 years.
PAULJSSEN— In 'this city, January 27 1901
Henry, dearly beloved * husband of the late
Petrontlla Paullssen. and father, of Constance
and Emil Paulissen. a native of Germany,
aged 75 years 5 months and 3 days.
inTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the, funeral takes place
to-morrow (Wednesday).- at .10 o'clock, from
his late residence. 360 Chestnut street, near
Stockton, thence to St. Francis Church cor-
ner Vallejo street and Montgomery avenue
where at 10:30 o'clock precisely a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ .'-"-y
POL.ACK— In this city, January 28, 1901, Pau-
line Rebekah : Polack, passed into peace
dearly beloved wife of Samuel Polack dar-
ling mother of Mrs. P. H. Bernsteinand Her-
man I>. Black, and Elster of Mrs. Solomon
Bernstein, a native of Prussia, aged 77 years.
E7"Notlee of funeral hereafter. Flowers
not accented. ,* ' • ¦ ¦ .- ¦
RKID— In this city, January 27, 1901, H. C.
beloved husband of Anna K. Reid, arid
father of H. Clay, William J. and Elmer W
Reid and "Mrs.. B. W\ Collins, a native of
New York, aged £2 years 9 months and 27
days. ¦ ¦ . ' ¦ .
. CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. \ '
MILJLTCAN— In v- this city.- January ¦ 28, 1901.'
Annie M. Mllllran. noble mother of Kenneth
A. Mlllican and Mrs. Annie May Leahy, a
native of England,' aged 61 'years 8 months
and 24 days. ,.
MURRAY— In this city, January 28. 1901. Pat-
rick Murray, beloved brother of Andrew
Murray and Mrs. Charles Sellara, and nephew
of Mrs. John Cogrgcr and Mrs. C. Carey, ¦ a
• native, of Ireland, aged 35 years and 6
- months. ¦ » . . ¦-¦ .: .¦_ .
NEWGARD— In the City and County Hospital,
January 28, 1901, Louis C. Newgard, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 53 years.
O'COXNOR— In this city, January 27. 1901.
Mary, . beloved daughter of Johrf and Mary
O'Connor, a native , of Ban Francisco, aged
20 years 9 1 months and 4 days.
(Cy Remains at the parlors of J.C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of fun-
father of 'Georjre Langlol, Mrs. ' V." Mooney,
Mrs. H. P. Pellerter and Mrs. . C. E. Duffy,
anatlveof. Prance, ' aged 69 years. ¦¦; j
SAHWAY TEAVEL
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1M5 1 for the treatment of Private
Dl.s-a*e*. Lo*t Mantiood. Debility or
li*f»as= vearlncon body and ntind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enreswhen
others fait. Try him. Charges low.
€ar*«snarant**d. Call or write,
Dr. 4. *". WiajiOA , Waa Fraaclsco. Cal. __He called at the Mohns store January 24
and represented that he was "J. C. Slms/j
a customer from the country, and had
called to pay his bill. It amounted to $63.
and he gave a check for $65 on the Wells-
Fargo bank, receiving the change of $2
and a bottle of whisky as a present. He
ordered $200 worth of goods and called
next day, borrowing $10. .
The goods were not forwarded, and Sat
urday the firm was. notified that the sig
nature of "J. C. Sims" to the check. was
forged. The firm Is -only out $12 and a
bottle of whisky, but as it- was learned
that other firms had been swindled in the
same way it was decided to prosecute him
If he could. be found. .
i The swindler is thoroughly familiar with
the liquor trade, dresses well and is a
good talker. In Marysville he represented
himself as agent for B. F. Kohlberg &
Co. of this city and Is wanted there for
passing a forged check. . *
Henry Mohns of Mohns & Mohns, wine
merchants. 29 Market street." secured a
warrant from Judge C&banlss yesterday
for the arrest of "John Doe" on a charge
of forgery. The swindler Is said to be
wanted in other cities and towns in the
State on a similar charge. ,_;
Crooked Operator on Charge
of Forgery. .
Warrant Secured for the Arrest of
SWINDLES A NTJMBEB
OF WINE MERCHANTS
, United States Judges Gilbert, Morrow
and Ross sat in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals yesterday and heard the
testimony and arguments In the contempt
case -of Alexander McKenzle. receiver in
the Nome mining cases. Thomas J. Geary
testified in, behalf of McKenzle, an i
Charles -Page, Deputy United States Mar
shal George H. {Jurnham and Samuel
Knight testified for, the other side.
Nothing new was elicited, the relevant
testimony: being similar to that «?iven In
the contempt case of Lawyer Dubose al
ready published. Mr. McKenzie by advice
of his counsel refrained ' from taking the
stand. The case was then arpued bv
Thomas J. Geary on one side and by Ed
ward J. McCutchen* on the other, and
submitted. ¦ .
» The defense of . McKenzie was that he
was. prevented by. an order issued out of
Judge Noyes' court from obeying the.writ
of suDersedeas and that the writ Issued
by thcTourtofjAppeais went beyond, the
powers of that court. The contemnt caso
of Lawyer Dubose' In the same matter will
be taken up to-day on the testimony tak
en before Commissioner Heacock.
Judges Gilbert, Morrow and Ross to
Take TJp the Dubose Con
tempt Matter.
ARGUMENT HEARD IN
THE McKENZIE CASE
The sale of tickets for the entertain
ment In aid of the Mount ZIon Hospital
land has 50 far been very satisfactory-.
A dainty supper will be served at small
tables from 11 to 1:30 o'clock and every
«fTort Is belruf made to make this the
charity event of the season.
Mount Zion's Benefit.
The Park Commissioners will be ap
pealed to by the automobilists of this city
for greater privileges. At a meeting of
the Automobile Club of California last
evening It was decided \o make every
effort to gain concessions for those who
operate the horselc33 carriage.
Mr. Johnson of New York attended the
meeting and enlightened the members
present on the manner In which the auto
mobilists of New York obtained certain
privileges In Central Park. He said they
went to the Park Commissioners one by
one and obtained permits to ride through
the park. He suggested that this plan
might be followed to advantage in this
city. The suggestion, however, was not
looked upon favorably. It was teemed
best to try some other plan to win over
the local Park Commissioners and the
members are racking their brains for a
plan that will be successful.
, At 'present automobiles are permitted
on the south drive of the park as far as
the main drive, a distance of about one
mile and a quarter. As this distance is
covered In eight minutes by the "autoa"
the devotees are anxious to obtain a
longer run. .... ¦
The constitution and by-laws of the club
were read and adopted. Members of the
organization are divided into four classe3,
viz.: Honorary, active, non-resident and
life members.- .The active members pay
an entrance fee of >15 and $2 50 per month
for dues. '• •',
ATJTOMOBILISTS TO ASK
FOR MORE PRIVILEGES
Devotees of tho Horseless Carriage
Me«t and Organizs for Mutual
Protection.
: A meeting of. ths Italian residents of
the city was held last night in Washing
ton Square Hall to make arrangements
for 'memorial services in honor of Verdi,
the great Italian composer, who died a
few days ago. E. C. Palmjeri was elected
president; J. Musso, vice 'president, and
F. Avedano, treasurer. It was decided to
have two orations delivered at the ser
vices; one in the Italian language and the
other in English. It was further decided
that all of the music rendered at the ser
vices be of Verdl'3 composition, outside
of the national anthems.
The following committee of twenty was
appointed to make the necessary arrange
ments and fix upon the date for the ser
vices: ,
Chevalier J. Calejarls, O. B. Levaygi. G.
Jaccheri, Andrea Sbarboro, A. Olmp, Chevalier
O. F. Fugazzi. Dr. P. de Vecchl. L. Demar
tlnl. C. _ Pedretti, Dr. G. C. Cagllerl. J. C.
Kola, G. Cadenarro, E. Patrizi. G. M. Cas
tronl, F. CavagnRro, J. Caronna, A. Manclnl,
U. Chell and C. O. Fauda.
The committee will hold its first-meet
ing to-night to arrange the preliminary
details for the services. '.
Committee Appointed by Italian
Residents to Make Arrange
• ments for Ceremonies.
WILL HOLD SERVICES
IN MEMORY OF VERDI
Graham cained 24 votes over Dalneer
fleld yesterday in the Superior Judgeship
contest. He leads Daingerfleld 43 votes
on the whole recount to date. There are
twenty-five precincts yet to be recounted.
Graham Still Gains.
AX INSOLVENT CLERK.— G. W. Smith,
clerk. Fan Francisco, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict court.' He owes $1634 S3 and has no assets.
JENNIE HOYTS KSTATE.— The inventory
and appraisement of the estate of the late
Jenrtie Hoyt< was fl!rd yesterday. The ap
praisers find the estate to b« worth J62.S:S *<7.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF THE EXPLOSION.
—Chin Low, one of the Chinamen injured last
Saturday in the gas explosion at R48Vs "Wash
ington street, died at 1:30 o'clock yesterday
mornlr~.
MUST ANSWER ROBBERY CHARGE.—
Angflo Jambruno was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Fritz yesterday
on a charge of robbery for knocklnff down
John Glbo, at Powell and Bay streets, and
stealing Jl SO from him.
HELD FOR BURGLARY.— William White
and George Lawrence, two young men, were
held to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conl&n yesterday on a charge of burg
lary for breaking into a room In the Franklin
Hotel, on Pacific street, last Friday.
LECTURE BY- DAVIDSON.— Professor Da
vidson will lecture before the Men's Club of
the -Good Samaritan Mission. Second and Fol
som streets, to-night, on the Nicaragua Canal
and its Influence on the commerce of the Pa
cific, particularly as relating to San Francisco.
MRS. HOWELL. GOES EAST— The petition
of Mrs. M. ,A. Calhoun for 4etters of guardian
ship upon the person and estate of Henrietta
R. Howell was dismissed by Judge Coffey yes
terday, as It was announced that Mrs. . Howell
was on her way to Chicago In the care of
friends. 1 , •
DONOVAN WILL CONTEST— The work of
empaneling a Jury to try the contest to the
will of the late M. J. Donovan was begun In
Judge Troutt's court yesterday. • Decedent's
will, which conveys his entire estate to his
second wife. Is being contested by the children
of his first wife.
BROOKS GETS OFF EASY.— Joseph Brooks,
who broke into the rooms occupied by Mrs.
Laura Badalre, 323 Montgomery avenue, Jan
uary 2. and was charged with burglary, plead
ed guilty to petty larceny In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday and was sent to the County
Jail for six months.
SUITS FOR INFRINGEMENT.— Suits were
fllod In the United States Circuit Court yester
day by the- Shannon Sectional Crossing Com
pany vs. .Alameda and San Joaquin Rail
road Cpmpany, and by National Tooth Crown
Company vis. Cly<Je S. Payne and Charlotte S.
Payne. Both suits are for infringement of
patents.
CRAVEN CASE AGAIN CONTINUED.—
When the case of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven,
charged with perjury, was called before Judge
Cook's court yesterday. District Attorney By
lngton asked for further time to file additional
authorities, and the Judge p'ostponed his deci
sion till to-morrow on the motion to quash the
Indictment. ;
VICTIM OF BUNKO MEN.-Frederlck Boeh
land, an old man from Freeport, 111., on his
way, to San Jose, fell into the hands of James
Hayes and James Watson, two bunko men.
yesterday, and they took him to 209 Grant ave
nue, where he soon ported vJth $21 and a draft
for $150. Hayes and\ u,tfo:i were arrested by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea . and booked for
petty larceny." Payment on the draft has been
stopped.
INJURED IN A RUNAWAY.— Mrs. Hodge
and her nephew, while driving on Clayton
street, yesterday afternoon, were thrown out
of .their buggy and severely Injured. The
accident was < caused by the horse becoming
frightened and getting . beyond their control.
The . buggy was overthrown and Mrs. Hodge
wan badly cut and bruised about the head,
-while her nephew sustained a fracture of his
right thigh.,
NEW BANKING INSTITUTION.— The Board
of . Bank Commissioners yesterday received
word from Secretary of State Charles F. Curry
that W. L. Campbell. Thomas Lovell, W. P.
Stafford, C. L. Heartwell,' W. W. Lowe a nd
John AVilson had incorporated a new banking
Institution under ' the name , of the Citizens'
Savings Bank of Long Beach. The capital stock
Is $25,000, shares are $30 each and $12,530 had
been paid. ; A; license .will bo granted.
ROBBED HIS COMRADE.— Michael ' Klndre
gan. who has been working at the Tesla coal
mlnas, - came • to this ¦ city Saturday night with
Joseph Gregson, another; laborer. They went
to the house of Kindregan's brother-in-law, at
1029 York street, and slept there. Sunday morn
ing. . while ' Klndregan " was ; In ¦ the bathroom
Gregson, . ho * alleges, stole $183/ ' which 1 he had
In- a 'bureau drawer, and skipped. Yesterday
Klndregan secured a warrant from Judge Fritz
for i Greg3on'S' arrest on "the charge . of grand
larceny. _ :¦
UNIDENTIFIED DROWNED MAN FOUND
—Captain A. Flanders of the tug Lottie/while
passing Lombard-street wharf yesterday morn
ing.- found the:; badly 1 decomposed body of a
man " floating .In - the ¦ water. The body was
taken to the Morgue. / but there was nothing
found in the pockets by: which it ; could be
Identified. The j man was 5 feet 4 inches ; tall
and weighed in the neighborhood of 150 pounds
The -clothing waa a black coat .and pants." but
the- vent -was- mining.-'- Under the black coat
was a ccat of -white cotton such as Is worn
by_walters on vessels.^The shirt was a black
and . white negligee .. and the * underwear was
WhltC . ;. ¦ i--'. ". -¦¦-:'
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
The Duke lunched In -his apartments
yesterday afternoon. The waiter had just
arrived with the eatables when a caher
rapped on the door of hid Grace's room.
1 ell him I'm at lunch," commanded the
Duke, but the visitor didn't need to be
told, for just then somebody upset the
dishes and the would-be caller made a
hurried exit without waiting for the
Duke's message.
"But they won't let you ride fast here
In the United States." said the Duko, In
telling of his trip ldst evening. "Over In
England," he continued. "I got arrested
three times in one day for riding faster
than the law allows. Young Vanderbilt
isn't In It when I get started. "We had a
very pleasant ride. We went the length
of Van .Ness avenue. Say. but I would
like to ride your City Fathers over those
crossings In the avenue. Talk about your
canyons In the Yosemlte Valley! Why,
they are not to be compared with the gul
lies that we went over."
The Duchess' condition was much Im
proved last evening and her physician
says she will be able to go out to-day. A
ride in tho Park is planned, after which
the party may dine with Mr. and Mrs. E.
O. McCormicK. It is planned to go to
Monterey to-morrow, where a short stay
will be made, after which the party will
go direct to Chicago.
The Duke of Manchester and Lord
Lambert enjoyed an automobile ride yes
terday afternoon. The Duke is an expert
in .handling the steam variety of self
moving vehicles, having taken lessons In
England. He made the dust fly as the
vehicle bowled through the streets, dart
ing In and out of narrow passages, be
tween cars and trucks and swinging
around corners with a velocity that made
one's hair stand up..
The Duchess Is Much Better and the
Party Will Leave for Del
Monte To-Morrow .
Morning.
Makes Dust Fiy and People
Stare on Van Ness
Avenue.
HIS GRACE RUNS
AN AUTOMOBILE
R. Gibson, George B. Boflnger, 1* r?.
Quimby, Norman McKellar. Mary K.
Quimby, Laura B. Wilbur. Eva E. Serr
and Johanna Kron^uist.
San Francisco Is to have a coffee club,
a substitute for saloons. Articles of In
corporation of The Coffee Club Associa
tion of San Francisco were recorded :*S3
terday and ways and means for the es
tablishment of a resort In keeping v-iih
tn© club's name will be devised at once.
In the articles It Is stated that tho ob
jects of the corporation are to offer a sub
stitute for saloons and to establish houses
and places of refreshment, recreation And
amusement where no Intoxicating liquors
or tobacco in any form will bo sold, jha
profits from ¦which resorts shall not be »V
vided, but continuously Invested with
view to establishing other places of ihe
same kind.
The directors ar© H. F. Chadbourne, F.
Corporation Formed for tlis Purposo
of Maintaining Temperance
Places Throughout
the City.
Resorts Planned in Which
Liquor and Tobacco Can
not Bs Had.
SALOONS MENACED
BY COFFEE CLUBS
"How does any one know what God
means?" asked the speaker. "The* only
way Is to find out what he has permitted
to take place. Practically all the doctrin
aire business has been swept out of ex
istence. Perhapa the most Important dis
covery in the century is the reality of ex
ternal things. The only God is- the god
of things as they are. The -first lesson
that the child learns— that . the surround
ing things will hurt and that certain
things taste sweet— is perhaps the last
lesson up to date of our civilization."
Professor Charles Mills Gayley of the
University of California discussed the
"Greatest Book of the Nineteenth Cen
tury." He took poetry as the . test and
paid attention to many great poets and
writers In very radical fashion. He found
Ruskln to be flabby; Tennyson was not :\
poet for men: Browning was a poet, but
could not write straight ahead; Byron
wrote froth and carried his heart on his
sleeve; Carlyle. Emerson, Harriet Beech
er Stowe, Balzac and Thackeray were net.
the best. Goethe took the first place in
Mr. Gayley'e ideas and his "Faust" was
the booK of the century.
The Rev. Charles Brown of Oakland
made a very eloquent talk, discussing the
"Greatest Man of the Nineteenth Cen
tury." He said that the greatest man
was the one who had exercised the great
est and most enduring influence on his
tory. Judging from this standpoint he
placed Abraham Lincoln at the head of
his list. Mr. Brown 'spoke so well that
he had the very unusual honor of a cur
tain call. After he had concluded the club
insisted on his standing up to be recog
nized again and then he had as many
cheers, hand clappings and handkerchief
wavings as a prinia donna on an opening
night of grand opera.
F. H. Wheelan discussed "The Greatest
Invention of the Nineteenth Century."
This he considered to be the discovery b;'
Bessemer of a cheap process of making
steel.
The Unitarian Club had a very Interest
ing time talking about the nineteenth cen
tury last evening in the banquet hall of
the Merchants' Club and discussing the
relative places to which the great men,
the great inventions and scientific dis
coveries of the century ought to be as
signed. President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University after a few words of
introduction by Warren Gregory, presi
dent of the club, discussed the "Greatest
Scientific Discovery of the Nineteenth
Century."
President Jordan spoke of the discovery
of extinct animals by Cuvier, the discov
eries of Lyell In geology, the discovery
that all forces are one in different form,
the discovery of the utility of democracy
and to each gave high place. But the
greatest discovery, he said, was evolution.
The idea did not belong to the nineteenth
century, being very much older, but the
century had discovered its practical ap
plication; more Important was the coinci
dent discovery of how to apply the human
mind to research. There was no way to
settle anything by authority any more.
It used to be thought that some religion,
some church, some god, could tell some
easier way to get knowledge. Now there
was no authority except such as rested
upon investigation.'
Speakers Give Their Ideas Concern
ing the Primacy to Which Vari
ous Historical Person
ages Are Entitled.
Discoveries, Books, Men
and Inventions Are
Discussed. \
CENTURY VIEWED
BY UNITARIANS
When the Board of Supervisors met yes
terday afternoon there was little to Indi
cate that a matter of such public moment
as the licensing of crime on a mammoth
scale was likely to be considered at the
session. . Much less than a quorum of the
this crime upon the city the gamblers
found yesterday no sponsor for their or
dinance and their scheme. Supervisor
Tobin said that he did not intend to intro
duce such an ordinance and was not con
cerned In one.
They have already won a victory, but
cannot afford to rest upon it. In the face
of the tremendous public opinion opposing
that from some district of the city will
come an advocacy of the gambling and
the track thievery Mayor Phelan expects
to construe this advocacy Into the en
lightened public opinion of San Francisco.
Decent people in this city cannot afford to
be misrepresented in this matter. They
should go, therefore,. to the mass-meeting
to-night.
McCormick and Is Given
Encouragement.
A committee representing the Knights
of Pythias held a conference with Passen
ger Traffic Manager K. O. McCormick
yesterday afternoon relative to fixing spe
cial rates for the Pythlans' conclave to. be
held In this cijy next year. Mr. McCor
mick gave the committee every - encour
agement and said that he would bring the
matter before the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association at its next meeting In
April. . .
A large number of special trains will be
run from Eastern points and between 10 •
000 and 15,000 visitors are expected Mr
McCormick assured the committee that
a fare as low as $50 for a round trip from
Missouri River points would be made. The
members of the committee present were
Charles Patten. General M. C. Glashan
of Truckee. W. C. Graves and H. Schaft
ner. , ; ' '• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. , . - ¦ -
Committee "Waits on Traffic Manager
PTTHIANS WANT LOW BATES.
were there and the Santa Fe was repre
sented by President E. P. Ripley, Vice
President J. M. Barr and Land Agent
Chambers. Prior to the meeting Presi
dents Hays and Ripley were In conference
together In Mr. Hays' office for two hours
and lunched together.
The meeting at the Palace lasted until
nearly midnight. Vice President Stubbs
went home at 11 o'clock. He appeared
very much onended when asked tne pur
pose of the meeting.
"I consider it the neight of impertinence
for the newspapers to go nosing into the
affairs of a lew business men wno get to
gether for the discussion of matters that
in no way interest the public," He said.
President nays was less reticent.
"The meetiiiK," he saia, "was lor the
purpose or taitung over a number or. mat
ters iu wnicn boin roads nave a common
interest. Trie two roads are tnrown more
or less togetner every year in one way or
anotner, ana we sunpiy discussed pians
by wnicn tnese relations might. t>e contin
ued to tne advantage ot botn roads."
aeverai rate questions were ajso dis
cussea, ana tne reauctlon in fares made
Dy the Great Nortnern and Northern Pa
cillc came in for a enare ot comment. Tne
colonists' rates that have been announced
have not Ueen maae to onset any cut in
rates made by tne Northern Pacirtc. The
idea ot a colonials' rate was suggested by
tne passenger tramc managers 01 the sev
eral \\ estern lines some time ago, and
with tne approval of tne heads or the mr
terent roaus was. ordered put into eftect
at the last meeting of the Transconti
nental Passenger Association in New Or
leans.
It Is the desire of both the Southern Pa
clrtc and. me Santa J?"e 10 encourage iu
every way possible colonization of tht
State, hence, if low far»»s-wiil accomplish
the desired end, the railioads are reaay 10
lend a helping hand. These special rates
are made tor only one way, and once the
traveler is got into tne £>iate every
thing-possible will be done to keep him
here.
The alleged shortage of oitru"? fruit cars
was also aiscuasea and the fact wu.-t
1 brought out mat botn companies were
never better equipped to hanaie tne busi
ness than this year. The Southern Pacllic
has 3600 cars in use, while the Santa Fe
owns nearly as many, but has been ham
pered some by the coal strike.. The South
ern Pacific has loaned the Santa Fe peo
ple a number of cars. ,
It is understood that Senator Clark's
new road from Salt Lake City to L»os An
geles will be the means of even closer re
lations between the Southern Pacific and
the Santa- Fe. It is a well-known fact
that both roads have given ' the matter
some attention of late and if the ClarK en
terprise turns out a reality, as it now
promises to be, it would not surprise the
railroad public to hear of a deal by which
the two Pacific Coast lines will be able
to compete more keenly with the Salt
Lake company.
Tt Is safe to say that one of the out
comes of last evening's •conference will be
closer relations between the two railroads,
all of which makes a combine of the two
lines less improbable in the near future.
President Charles M. Hays and Vice Pres
ident J. C. Stubbs of the Southern Pacific
night at the Palace Hotel of prominent
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe officials.
There was an important meeting last
Long Session of Prominent Officials
of the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe Roads at
the Palace.
Big Railroad Presidents Dis
cuss Matters of Mutual
Interest.
resentatlon. He says he intends to Invite
members of the various improvement
clubs. This means that he will try to
prove through these gentlemen that the
closing of Ingleside and the sweeping
away of its gamblers and thieves worked
a temporary disadvantage to the district
in which Ingleside track Is located.
This means that Mayor Phelan believes
that no source of money however despica
ble, dishonest or degrading should be re
moved from San Francisco. With a hope
HAYS AND RIPLEY
HOLD CONFERENCE
nas -oeen appointed to arrange - for a re
ception to the nation's chief 'executive.
The invitation has been conditionally ac
ceptea by the President, subject to th*.
programme that may be arranged by the
committee having in charge the itinerary
of his visit here. The Sir Kniehts select
ed for the purpose of waiting upon the
itinerary committee to insure the Presi
dent's acceptance and the arranging of
a reception that will give to California
Commandery No. 1 et least one hour of
his valuable time while in this city are
W. H. L. Barnes, Reuben H. Lloyd. Sam
uel M. Shortridge, Judge Carroll Cook,
George A. Knight, E. i<\ Preston. John D.
Spreckels, W. W. Montague, Charles W.
Slack, James M. Troutt. Charles IS.
Green. Thomas Morton. Asa R. Wells.
Timothy Hopkins, Arthur W. Foster, Rus
sell J. Wilson and H. G. Newhall.
In a circular Issued by Recorder H. T.
Graves to the members of the committee
an early meeting is suggested for the pur
pose of effecting organization and taking
such steps as will insure a grand recep
tion by the Knight-3 Templar to the Pres
ident. \
Native Sons to Confer.
E. Myron Wolf, John T. Harmes, Joseph
B. Keenan, Harry I. Mulcrevy, Adolph
Eberhart. P. G. Du Py and H. G. W.
Dinkelsplel of the Native Sons' general
committee on the reception of President
McKlnley have been appointed a sub
committee to con/er with the citizens'
general committee =of arrangements.
SWEETLY SINGS
CELTIC BALLADS
Father McLoughlin Charms
Large Audience With
Musical Lecture.
Airs of Old Bards Rendered as iu
Olden Times to the Accompani
ment of Harp and
Chorus.
The Rev. Thomas P. McLoughlln de-
livered the second of his musical lectures
before a large audience at the Native
Sons' Hall last evening, and more than
duplicated the success he achieved on a
former occasion.
The lecture last night was for the bene
fit of the Catholic Seamen's Institute and
Father McLoughlln's fine voice trolled
out "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep"
with a special emphasis which brought
him an enthusiastic encore, for which he
save another nautical melody.
The stage last night was made bright
by the smart frocks of a chorus of
twenty-one young ladles, who gave the
lecture a piquant setting and lent the
charm of their united voices to the re
frains of the quaint old ballads Father
McLoughlin selected to illustrate the text
of his lecture.
Speaking of national ballad music he
dwelt on the minor chords so plentiful
in the folk songs of Ireland and Scot
land, and which give the Celtic airs such
a pathetic quality. The English ballad
music, he said, was of a more cheerful
kind and without the Indefinite melan
choly of Ireland's native airs. He sang
"The Harp That Once Through Tara's
Halls" ana "Scots Wha Hae," besides
many other characteristic melodies.
An overture on the piano was rendered
by Misses Eleanor Gehrig and Marie
Glorgiani, who also played the "Wearing
of the Green" with fine effect as an ac
companiment, to the lecturer. Of. Mrs.
John B. Casserly's 1 harp accompaniment
the audience were loud in praise. The
lecture ended wJth the singing of ."Auld
Lang Syne" by all present.
METHODIST PREACHERS UNITE IN SOLEMN PROTEST.
I , . 1 .¦ ¦
The Methodist Preachers' Meeting: of San Francisco, the organized assembly of Methodist Episcopal churches and
societies of this citv, and" a body of recognized influence, met yesterday and adopted resolutions emphatically denounc
ing the proposed attempt to revive track gambling in San B'rancisco. A committee A)f three clergymen was appointed
to present these resolutions to the Board of Supervisors. The resolutions were duly presented and are as follows:
SAU" FRANCISCO, January 28, 1901.
WHEREAS, We, the San Francisco Methodist Preachers' Meeting, are reliably informed that a pro
posal is about to be made to you, the Honorable Board of Supervisors, 1 by the gamblers of this city asking
you to pass an ordinance reopening the race course at Inglesids and thus re-establish poolsslling against
the vote of the majority of the citizens of this city as expressed at the last election;
Therefore, in the name of the thousands of Christian and moral voters whom we represent, we en
treat you as our representatives to reject any such, measure which may be presented.
In their complaint William E. Lane, C.
C. Lane and Mrs. Lucy Clark, brothers
in-law and sister-in-law of the deceased.
plaintiff e in the action, allege, that the de
ceased was deceived and imposed upon by
Brundape. Thomas U. Sweeney at the
time of his death was 71 years of age and
left neither wife nor children, they allege,
and at the time of his death and for more
than four months prior thereto he 'was
confined to his bed and was continuously
feeble !n health, ar.d by reason of old
age, disease and weakness of mind inca
pable of transacting or understanding the
ordinary business of life or of personally
managing or taking care of himself or
property, and was therefore likely to be
deceived and imposed upon by artful and
designing persons.
During all of this time the deceased was
r.ursed ar.d taken care of by his nephew.
Charles S. Brundage. who had absolute
control over him. the complaint continues.
During this period the nephew obtained
from his uncle the deed to the property
now being sought to be recovered and re
conveyed to the plaintiffs.
In conclusion, the plaintiffs pray that
the deed be canceled and set aside, and
be adjudged and declared null and void
and to have been obtained and secured
by Brundage without consideration and by
fraud and deceit; that the plaintiffs are
the owners of In fee simple and entitled
to the possession of the property.
Actions will be filed in the Superior
Court to-day by devisees under the will
of the late Thomas U. Sweeney to set
aside a deed executed r<v' the deceased
shortly before his death conveying valua
ble property on K street, near Seventh
avenue, to his nephew. Charles S. Brun
dage. Joined with Brundatte as a defend
ant will be the California "Title Insurance
and Trust Company, executor «.f deced
ent's will, which, by virtue, of Its office,
has an Interest in the propei-ty.
Claim He Used Fraud and Deceit to
Procure Deed to Property on K
Street, Near Seventh.
Avenue.
Devisees Under Decedent's
Will Make His Nephew
a Defendant.
SEEK TO RECOVER
SWEENEY'S LANDS
PUBLIC opinion won a signal vic
tory yesterday over the gamblers
v.ho arc sce-k;ng to use the BoarJ
of Supervisors as instruments
with which to reopen Ingleside
with its booknaJdng and poolselling. But
the- fight 5s not yet won. The decent peo
pie of San Francisco have simply secured
a temporary triumph and to-night they
must show their earnestness, their de
termination and untiring purpose not to
»:iow a mammoth criminal agency to be
established in this city.
To-night the decent people of San Fran
cisco roust go to the chambers of the
Board of Supervisors and show by their
rxeFence and their words that they are
emphatically opposed to. a revival of
crjm* and Rambling In this city. Mayor
Phe'.an inviies them to do so and places
upon them the grave responsibility of
having the ;>roceedings of the meeting to
nipht go furth as the sentiment, of the
reputable public of San Francisco. Mayor
Phelan declares that this meeting will tell
whether or not the people of this city
want booJcmaklng. pooltelling and a race
track or none of them.
It is the duty theiefore of every min
ister and clergyman who spoke to con
gregations which ¦ aggregated thousands
of men and women on Sunday night to
go to the chambers of the Board of Su
pervisors to-night and speak for the peo
ple they represent in honest, upright life.
It if the duty of every merchant who
has been robbed by an employe through
the racotrack to be at this meeting. It
is the duty of every one who believes that
gambling, pocket-picking, dissipation and
crime should not be licensed in this city
to be at this meeting and voice his pro
test, for Mayor Phelan has not been fair
Mayor Phelan declares that he has been
i misrepresented. He does not tell by whom,
I but he certainly should invjte those who
j he believes misrepresented him. He ought
to know who they are if they exist, and he
ought to give them an opportunity to be
heard in reference to the alleged mlsrep-
Yet he demands that those whom he in
vites to be present shall represent intelli
gent public opinion in San Francisco. The
issue, therefor?. Is a critical one. which
the people of San Francisco cannot afford
to evade. Mayor Phelan has read the
stinging rebuke of his policy delivered
from pulpits In all parts of the city, still
by implication he declares that is not en
lightened public opinion. He has read the
denunciation by the press, and declares
that not to be enlightened public opinion.
It is a grave duty, therefore, since Mayor
Phelan has called a mass-meeting of the
people of the city to express enlightened
public opinion *jpon an issue of the great
est moment to the city, for the decent
people of San Francisco. In their own ca
pacity of by their leaders, to be repre
sented, or risk the serious danger of be
ing misrepresented.
Mayor Phelan has issued invitations to
certain people, and he arrogates A.he right
to declare that these people shall repre
sent the whole people of San Francisco.
Who these people are he will not tell. He
refused to do 33 yesterday on the ground
that he did not intend to give an advan
tage to what he is pleased to call "the
enemy." A representative of The Call
asked for the names of those whom he
intended to invite, and upon the ground
mentioned he refused to give them.
in his manner of calling a meeting which
he insists shall represent the public of
San Francisco.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco-
Gentlemen: I have invited ministers and other
Interested citizens to meet in the chambers of
the Board of Supervisors to-morrow (Tuesday)
evening, at 8 o'clock, to discuss the matter of.
The last and only remaining official in
cident of the session of the board In ref
erence to track gambling was a message
from Mayor Phelan announcing that he
had decided to call a mass meeting for
to-night at 8 o'clock to discuss track
gambling" and give forth an enlightened
public opinion on the subject. The mes
sage in full is as Allows:^^^
Then came the resolutions which were
adopted unanimously yesterday morning
by the pastors of every Methodist church
In San Francisco. These resolutions are
presented elsewhere and represent the
deliberate, earnest opinion of every Meth
odist preacher In San Francisco. This
document was also referred to the Com
mittee on Police.
board was present. Mayor Phelan, who
had given his Indorsement to thirty days
of legalized robbery, was absent and so
was Supervisor Joseph S. Tobin. who had
been chosen to introduce the proposed
ordinance. One by one the absent mem
bers straggled in. the Mayor appeared and
the board beean Its series business. ¦
Among the communications to the board
was one from the entire congregation of
tho First Methodist, Episcopal Church of
San Francisco. This communication was
the series of resolutions, so dramatically
and Impressively adopted by the people of
the First Methodist Church on Sunday
night. These resolutions were published
in full yesterday in The Call. They were
significantly referred to the Committee
on Police.
the regulation of racing. Tour honorable body
at the last meeting petitioned the Legislature
of the State to pass a law limiting th« racing
season to thirty days Jn each- county, and T
•will bring the matter of that petition b«for«
the meeting. The influence of an enlightened
public opinion is necessary to bring the issue
fairly before the Legislature.
As there have been misrepresentations made
I desire to Inform the Board of Supervisors
that the only position that I have taken on
this question, either publicly or privately. Is
that the racing eeason should be limited by the
Legislature and that poolselllns and booJcmaJt
lng be prohibited, as is done Ja the State if
New York. The action of the Legislature,
however, must determine my future course In
the premises, aa the city of San Francisco hns
no Jurisdiction outside of its own limits, but
its. citizens are the patrons of the racetracks,
both in Oaklantl and San Mateo.
The Legislature, therefore. Is the on:y body
that can properly regulate raclnff and betting
and make «uch regulation effective. A the
object of the meeting called Is to Influence
the Legislature to pass remedial laws. Re
spectfully submitted.
JAMES D. PIIELAN. Mayor.
At the conclusion of the meeting of th«
Board of Supervisors Mayor Phelan ex
tended an Invitation to every member of
the board to attend the mass meeting.
Supervisor Joseph S. Tobin was in nn»
of those jocose moods which is rapidly
earrlns him an Interesting sobriquet.
"Will the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson bo la
• "He will," replied Mayor Phelan.
••Then I won't come," was Mr. Tobln's
reply. And everybody has been trying to
guess his reason.
If Mr. Tobin will not attend citizens
who have much at stake must do so or
be represented by the elements which are
united to win thieving profit at the ex
pense of the city's best Interests.
they Postpone Presentation of Their Track Ordinance and Mayor. Phelan
Evolves Another Grave Issue for Decent People. -V,
GAMBLERS WEAKEN UNDER UNITED ATTACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO XALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1901.
George Lilly, an- ex-pollceman. was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant sworn out
by the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty, to' Children and charged .with cruelty
to a 1 minor child. ..The warrant was sworn
to by Officer Lycette. Last Thursday
night "Ully. while drunk, drove his wife
and two children, both of whom>were slok
with measles, from • their home on Bu
chanan street. He was released on fur
nishing $100 ball. jflftMfflJ'tf MMlAll.l U" 1 tyjBg
Lilly Charged With -Cruelty.
points Committee^ to Make
Arrangements. ''¦/
An Invitation having been extended to
President McKlnley .by>' California;; Conv -„
mandery No. 1, Knig-hts .Templarv to visit
the commandery while in? San ) Francisco
In May next, a committee of seventeen of
the 'leading members -of, the^ commandery
KNTCGHTS TEMPLAR WILL
ENTERTAIN - PRESIDENT
California Commandery No. 1 Ap-
Purlm Entertainment.
At the Purim entertainment and ball
to be- ¦ jflven , by the Maccabien Club on
March the 10th the Jewish Orphan Asy
lum-Band will play some selections. The
ball promises to be a tfrand affair. ¦ .
As a tonlr. nothing in tbc world beats Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey.' "
These are the British birds in the great
est danger of extinction: The chough,
golden ousel, hoopoe, osprey, kite buz
zard, bittern and ruff.
CHARGES DIKECTOBS WITH
COERCION OF, TEACHERS
Allegations Made by Deputy Super
intendent of Schools Hlngsbury
• Denied by Mark.
The Board of Education and Deputy
Superintendent Klngsbury have fallen
afoul of each other. Klngsbury charges
that . teachers have . been coerced by the
board into writing to Sacramento Iegi3
latora with a view to P r t ve^}P g » th ® £? a Z
sage of certain bills. The bills .to which
Kingsbury refers are probab y those
which affect the office of Superintendent
°MkV\% P enVe?the charge "in toto" and
defies hla- accuser to prove he ever wrote
Sr had written any J^ersln regard to the
hill* referred to. He admits, however,
that ne oolnly fought the proposed biff.
giving as a reason that he:thought such
matters were for honte. not . Sacramento,
adjustment: .. * ¦'
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000000000000000000000000
o o
• o
o 'rii *jL °
O * 1 ' ¦ ;'.O
1 Befooled !
o o
o ' o
g If you pay the g
g price, see that %
o you g
1 Get the j
1 Genuine f
IWelsbach f
I Mantle I
o °
6 How can you tell It ? g
o Why, easy enough I J>
8 I
g The name "Welsbach" Is 5
° stamped on each Mantle — it o
o is packed in a sealed box — o
o it gives a beautiful, pure g
g white light. g
o • . o
g Look for the Name g
o Look for the Sea! o
o o
o o
I WelsbachCompany I
o o
g 138-140 Ellis St. %
O and «n dealers ¦ O
o o
wOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOQ
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELt-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
Specialist pn-a B food Poison. UonorrhcBa.Gle*:,
stricture, HrmliiaJ Wtaknesn. Impotf ncsnnd their
nllled Dl*ord«r«. Book on l)ivase» ot Men. fr««.
OrrrI0year!»'pxper i et)C<?.T»rin^ reasonable. Hoors
Oto»daHy;6:30u>3.30*v > B*..'-»und»jr*,JOt«> 12. O>nsnl-
tallon freeandsacreiily conHden tlaL Call oraddxess
P. ROSCOE JIcXCLTY, 31. D.
20 }£ Kearny SU »aa Francisco, C£i*
1 instruments I
3 Sherman, Clay & Co. are the B
I] Pacific Coast dealers in Antoin n
U Courtois' Band Instruments B
f| Grouped on the wall ind sus- g
U pended from hooks are the va ft
H rious instruments, which are eas- u
[I ly taken down and examined. .A B
H visit to the Band Instrumen' EJ
fl rooms is very interesting — all art H
m welcome, especially musicians am g
fi Sherman, Clay & Co. are als-- H
rj dealers in these celebrated make nj
)i if Band InstrumentSy-Marbcau H
jflj Mahillon and Thibouville. £j
\a For accommodation to ther ¦
W Sand friends Sherman. Clay S B
3 Co. manufacture, repair and plat; B
18 3and Instruments of every de B
tl "»cription. The prices arc the low B
[1 'st. considering the material use? 1 fl
M nd the time of the experts re B
IS quired on the work. 0
M Mail orders carefully filled ¦
U Write or call for Band .Instrr. B
If nent catalogue — we solicit cor g
H "Sherman. Clay & Cc. |
« Stcinway Piano Dealers a
|] "lor. K*arny and Suttw «t«.. S. F.» 9
H -.or. J3th and BroKlnrtr. Oakland. II
n lor. Park and 'Washington. Portland. ¦
B 11 Second ave.. Seattle. g