MINISTER CONGER'S
DISOBEDIENT ACTS
THE IMPERIAL OWNER OF A MAILED FIST THAT IS NOW BEING
THRUST INTO THE 'FACE OF HARMONY AMONG THE POWERS
CONCERNED IN CHINA'S FUTURE.
"Affairs 5 at ; court," says . the Gazette,
"are in a decidedly mixed condition. Os
tensibly, Wang Wenshao and Lu Ch-Uan
lln ar« | at - the head of the affairs of ; the
Grand Council, but In reality air rewards
and punishments, promotions and degra-
SEATTLE, Jan. 11.— Oriental mall ad
vices dealing with the Chinese Imperial
court show that there is a decided conflict:
of opinion between the Empress Dowager
and the young Emperor, who recently haa
commenced to assert* his rights. The 8u
Pao says that the' Emperor is determined
to return to Peking, but that the Empress
Dowager is just as fixed in her determina
tion not to " do so. and j that : she declares
that' she will depart- from' this scene of
earthly activities rather than again cross
the borders of Tungkwan.
but Empress Will Not.
Kwang Su Will Rsturn to ; Peking,
EMPRESS AND EMPEROR DIFFER
"no."
In view of this extraordinary stand on
the part of America, France, Japan and
Russia, the powers which follow an In
telligent policy toward China, were
brought into line, by the old "bugaboo" of
the fear of breaking the concert.
Mr. Conger informed Washington that
he had signed the note, and was asked by
what authority. *
Conger then referred. to his Instructions,
which, he said, had reach him in- a man
gled form, but which he had not asked to
have repeated.
Secretary Hay cabled that no such in
structions were in the cipher and that he
had not given this' authority, to sign,
but, on the ; contrary! j had expressly, or
dered Mr. "Conger under no circumstances
to sign the note as long as It retained
the ultimatum form, further ordering him,
if not too late, to make good the blunder.
There was time, as the note was not
handed to the Chinese envoys until, four
days later, but during this time Mr. Con
ger made no effort to obey these instruc
tions.
It would be showing consideration for
Mr. Conger to displace him by a fresh
man, not simply, a State Department offi
cial, but a broad-gauged statesman . who
would approach the task with the con
viction that the history of the world, and
civilization depends upon the outcome.
PEKING, Jan. 10.— "While the dip
lomats are awaiting the decision
of the Emperor as to whether he
' prefers t« face war with the pow
ers or rebellion on the part of the
Viceroys, the extraordinary circumstances
under which Minister Conger signed the
demands so out of harmony with the pol
icy of President McKinley have become
known. The Germans inserted in the,col
lective note the word "irrevocable,"
changing Its purport from a mere prelim
inary basis for negotiations to an ultima
tum. Japan, Russia and France were
averse to signing it, and In view of Secre
tary Hay's note to the powers nobody
thought the American Minister would
sign, and that word, of such far-reaching
consequences, would undoubtedly havo
been eliminated, as was the German
threat to invade Shansi Province, had the
American representative obeyed his In
structions. Mr. Conger, however.' threw a
bombshell Into the council of Ministers by
announcing' that he had been Instructed
to sign the. ultimatum In the "Irrevoca
ble" form, which permitted ; the Chinese
to make rid "representations and allowed
them to reply by only a simple "yes" or
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— In regard to
the Berlin dispatch stating that the For
eign'Office there prefers ,to have the
Washington authorities give out the
text of the German answer to the recent
American proposition, the State. Depart
ment" adheres to • its first determination
that none of these answers shall be made
public,' nor Is there any desire to create
Invidious distinction by stating which
powers looked favorably, which unfavor
ably and -which held back their answers.
Now 1 that this proposition Is withdrawn
the entire subject is looked upon as a
closed incident The department has heard
nothing from Mr. Conger as (o the re
ported signing of the treaty by the peace
envoys.
. BERLIN, Jan. 1L— There seems no long
er, to be any doubt here that Germany de
clined the United States' proposal to sub
mit . the articles in the China agreement
relating to Indemnities and commercial
treaties to a conference to be held at
Washington or elsewhere, but It Is be
lieved that . Germany agrees to the new
American proposals for accelerating the
negotiations at Peking. The German For
eign Office, answering a direct question,
admitted that the German answer haa
been sent to. the United States, but de
clined to state the terms, leaving them
for the Washington authorities to publish.
It was Intimated, however, that the an
swer was not favorable. The exchange of
views * between the ' various Interested
Cabinets has been completed and the mat
ter is now regarded as ' ended. The For
eign^ Office : does not believe that the
United States lays great weight upon the
proposition or will press the same.
Being Hade Upon China,
"On-willing to Separate the Demands
Nothing is said in a direct way as to
what ' this something about to occur in,
but the presumption is that with the court
at war with itself and the foreign rela
tions i of the . country strained, trouble of
a serious nature ' may occur at any time.
NOT FAVORED BY GERMANY.
A letter from Tientsin to the Su Pao 13
in part as follows: "A conclusion of peace
is believed to be impossible. LI Hung
Chang has notified the members of the
Chinese Benevolent Society In the north
to finish their work and take themselves
out of the way as soon as possible before
something occurs."
Many of the Ministers In attendance on
the court now advocate a removal to Nan
king. .
The court is evidently weary of Si Ngan
Fu and In connection with the rupture be
tween the Emperor and the Dowager It
is reported that the Empress intends to
make her future home at "Wuchang, while
the Emperor will return to Peking and
try to make a settlement with the people
of the west.
Of late the Empress has not been In a
pleasant frame of mind, according to the
Su Pao. When the news of the treaty
made by the -Viceroys of the south and
east with the foreign authorities first
reached the Empress she flew into a rage
and was about to decree the dismissal ot
Viceroys Liu and Chang, but was held in
check by Prince Ching.
The Gazette says further that It has re
liable Information to the effect that the
Emperor has taken definite Issue with the
Empress and her party.
dations are meted out by LI Lionyin. the
Empress* favorite eunuch, wh-f m every
one has long believed dead."
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, IGOl.by
the Herald Publishing Company.
BY STEPHEN BONSAL.
Fails to Correct Blunder in Sign
ing Chinese Ultimatum After
Being Instructed.
LONDON, Jan. 12.— According to a dis
patch to the Daily Mail from Shanghai.
Captain Chou. who participated In the
Chuchou massacres, has been sentenced
to death.
SHANGHAI. Jan. 1L— The Mercury says
LI Hung Chang Is breaking down and his
death is imminent.
"I think that so far as Li Hung Chans
himself Is concerned he Is perfectly sin
cere in his position as mediator, but my
observation leads me to Judge that any
agreement the Chinese make now will be
kept by them no longer, than it suits their
convenience. The Empress Dowager will
by spring have a tremendous force of men
armed with modern rifles at her com
mand, and neither she nor Prince Tuan
has the slightest chance of falling Into
the hands of the allied forces. Next sum
mer will see the great struggle between
the well organized Boxers under the Em
press and Prince Tnan and the allied
forces in their attempt to seat the youns
Emperor firmly on the throne."
LI HUNG BREAKING DOWN.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. 11.— Captain
P. C Lockhart. correspondent of the Lon
don Times In China, who accompanied
General Gaselee's relief force, left for
New York en route to London to-day.
Speaking of the situation In China he
said:
PREDICTS A GREAT CONFLICT.
Killed for a Few Dollars.
Body Is Found by
Visitor.
The officers who are investigating the
murder have small hope of locating the
murderer as he left nothing behind him
which could be used as a clew, and haa
had twelve hours In which to make his
escape. The murder for robbery theory
is the only one that the officers can ac
cept, as Brodersen was a peaceable old
man and had no enemies. Brodersen was
a native of Denmark and aged about 63
years. His only relative Is a niece livtus
In Oakland whose name is not known.
The kitchen door was found w-ide open,
and there was no evidence of a struggle.
From the nature of the wound in the dead
man's neck death must have followed Im
mediately. The murderer used a gun
loaded with birdshot. The shot scattered
over a surface covering six Inches, and
there were no powder marks, which would
have been the case had the assassin been
closer to his victim. A muzzle-loading
shotgun was found in Brodersen's house,
but It showed no Indications of having
been recently used.
At a distance, partially covered with
sand, was a 10-cent piece. Grasped in
the right hand of the corpse, which re
clined upon' its back, was a tin candle
stick with a half-burned candle In It.
The murder was evidently committed the
night before. The clothing was saturated
with water, showing that It had been out
during the rainfall which occurred all of
Thursday night. Brodersen was prob
ably returning from his barn when he was
shot down. His horse and wagon were
In their accustomed places in the barn,
a distance of perhaps 200 feet from the
house, so that the murder was commit
ted as he was about to go to the house.
Manuel Martin went to Brodersen's
ranch this morning to buy some eggs.
First knocking at the front door and re
ceiving no response he went around to the
rear. As soon as he got around the aide
of the house he came upon Brodersen's
body, lying stiff and wet, abo 'it thirty f set
distant from the kitchen <ioor. Martin
made a hurried examination of his horri
fying discovery and found a gaping gun
shot wound in the neck. The outer gar
ments of the body consisted of a heavy
woolen shirt and trousers. The four pock
ets of the trousers were turned inside out.
Brodersen drank alone, and all those
who saw him say that he was perfectly
sober.
The last seen of Brodersen alive was
yesterday afternoon, about 5 o'clock. At
that hour he was on his way home from
one cf his daily peddling trips amons the
farmers along the Alvarado road. Ha
had stopped for a few minutes at what la
called the Halfway House, where he bor
rowed J5 from the landlady. After nego
tiating the loan Brodersen spent some of
the money over the bar for two or three
drinks. Then he resumed his homeward
Journey In the rig familiar to the people
of the district who patronized him. The
fact that he borrowed the money indicates
that all Brodersen had on his person at
the time he was killed was what be had
left after buying the drinks.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— The body of "Jess"
Brodersen, an old rancher living near Al
varado, was found in the yard of hl3
place to-day by Manuel Martin, who had
gone there to make a purchase. A gun
shot wound in the neck, just below the
right ear, and the pocketa emptied and
turned Inside out. told the story of murder
and robber)'. A ten-cent piece which was
picked up five or six feet from the body
¦was the only thing of value left by the
perpetrator of the crime on or near the
person of his victim.
Shot Down in Cold
Blood in His
Yard.
"Jess" Brodersen
Victim of As
sassin.
ALVARADO
FARMER IS
MURDERED
WORK OF ROBBER BANDS.
Reign of Terror and Bloodshed in
Many Sections of China.
SEATTLE, Jan. 11.— A correspondent of
the Shanghai Mercury writes from New
chang that the province Is in the hands
of robber bands. On the railway line near
Shlnmintun, a Russian patrol of twenty
men was attacked and only two escaped
with their lives.
The Russians seem to be utterly Inca
pable of dealing with the robbers, who
elude every effort made to capture them.
In some Instances pitched battles have oc
curred, In which the robbers have won.
Even in the Russian settlement robbers
Have made their appearance and night
shots are frequently heard.
A military corps consisting of Chinese
has been formed by the Russians with the
object of dealing with the robbers. A rob
ber chief and his followers have been en
listed, reducing the case to the proposi
tion of setting a thief to catch a thief.
At Heungshan two thieves went into the
house of Lao Shongsam, during his ab
sence and murdered eight persons, as fol
lows: Wife, three sons, the oldest of
whom was six years; two daughters and
two servant girls.
Robber bands are terrorizing Canton, in
side and outside the city. On one occa
sion they made a daring attempt to rob a
shop in the Fifth Ward. Meeting with
resistance, they killed two shopkeepers.
At a village outside the city the rob
bers killed one man, wounded two badly
and set fire to a house.
Word has been received at Canton from
Yingtak, on the North River, that a mem
ber of the Wesleyan Mission had been
beaten to death while resisting robbers.
SAN DOMINGO RULES
AGAINST AMERICANS
Go vernment Issues Decree Against
Collection of Duties by the Im-
provement Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
llshinr Company.
SANTO DOMINGO,' Jan. 11.— The Dom
inican Government has Issued a decree
against the collection of duties by the
San Domingo Improvement Company of
New York. There is intense excitement,
and tha anti-American feeling is strong.
The action Is due to the protest of the
Belgian bondholders. The duties will now
be collected' for treasury needs. A com
mission of Consuls and merchants has
been appointed to supervise the financial
affairs i until a final settlement is 'reached.
Congress is considering a demand of
the Government for the : credit ' required
for a settlement with the Improvement
Company.
COLON. Colombia, via Galveston, Jan.
11.— The few rebels who were outside tho
town of Panama have been driven back
to the bush by the Government troops.
There Is no extensive revolutionary move
ment.
Colombia.
tionary Movement in
There Is Now. No Extensive Revolu-
REBELS ABE DRIVEN BACK
BY GOVERNMENT TROOPS
tins of preserves, with wine and some ar
tichokes and oranges, a portion of the
cargo In the forehold. We passed an atro
cious night, but were rescued this morn
ing. All the cargo was lost, and. only a
part of the mail and the passengers'
baggage was saved. The accident was.djue
to mistaking the Faraman light for the
Planler light, a mistake which has caused
the loss and wreck of more than twenty
steamers and given the coast the name of
the mariners' graveyard.' "
The" authorities are doing all In their
power to meet the situation. Refugees
from Calvinia and Clanwilllam are flock-
Ing to the Plcquetberg road. They state
that many poor whites are certain to Join
the Boers as are also many bitter Bund
men in the neighborhood of Clanwilllam
and Malmesburg, who openly declare that
they intend to Join the invaders.
According to latest reliable reports an
other party of 500 Boers has reached the
Doom River, seventy miles south of Cal
vinla.
Hertzog's main body, 700 strong, with
two guns, has crossed the Roggeveld
Mountains and is now probably in the
neighborhood of Elandsdrift, forty miles
east of Clanwilllam. Hertzog's Intention,
apparently. Is to move toward Ceres and
Worchester. Only a few passes are pass
able for the guns and the whole country
Is difficult to traverse. The passes are
narrow and easily defended.
A special from Cape Town says: The
British warship Sybil has anchored in
Lamberts Bay and landed a force of blue-
Jackets and a number of guns. This force
has constructed entrenchments.
ing Post wires that a member of the
burgher peace committee whom he Inter
viewed frankly confessed that there was
r.o hope of many burghers surrendering.
Kitchener Organizing Big Force- of Irregular
Horse for Offensive Operations.
LONDON, Jan. 12, 4:50 a. m.— It Is un
derstood that Lord Kitchener now holds
securely all the railroad lines In South
Africa, having recovered possession of
the Delagoa Bay line which had been cut
January 7.
According to the Pretoria correspondent
of the Daily Mall Lord Kitchener is now
organizing a force of 30,000 irregular horse,
which will occupy some weeks. When
this force is ready he will resume offen
sive operations.
Meanwhile the invasion of Cape Colony
looks more threatening. The news that
Commandant Hertzog has two guns Is
rather startling, as It was formerly as
serted that the invaders had no guns.
The defenses of Cape Town, Including
two 4.2 naval guns, are now completed
and the recruiting of volunteers is active
throughout the colony.
According to dispatches to the Daily
Express the admiral of the Cape fleet is
prepared In an emergency to lend a naval
brigade of 2900 men, with six Hotchklss
guns.
A Murraysburg telegram this morning
says the Dutch there received the British
troops sullenly, and It reports that there
are rumors that tho colonial rebels of the
neighborhood are Joining the Invaders.
The Pretoria correspondent of the Morn-
fury and dashed over the vessel, which
was thumping on her starboard side, until
early In the morning, when the plates
gave way and the stern of the vessel went
to pieces. The utmost consternation now
prevailed among the passengers, who fled
to the forecastle deck amidships and the
foredeck. clinging to the rails and
stranchions. Again we witnessed desper
ate efforts all day long to rescue us.
"When night fell without a relief and
with the wildest tempest still raging the
scene on board was frightful. The' pas
sengers seemed heart-broken, the women
weepinR convulsively.
"Thursday morning the cruiser Galileo
hove In sight- Hope revived as 'she was
seen approaching us with engines re
versed. The water was too shallow and
the waves threatened to engulf her.. She
made for the open sea, and the passen
gers were again plunged into the deepest
despair.
"Our provisions were now almost ex
hausted. Wo had or:'y a few btscuite and
VIENNA, Jan. 1L — Viennese papers
comment extensively upon Sen
ator Lodge's ui&cussion of Ameri
ca's supremacy in the trade of the
world durlns the debate in the
United States Senate Monday on the bill
to increase the military establishment.
His utterances .are regarded as a serious
challenge and the papers advocate as tho
sole effective means of defense a Euro
pan customs union such as was recently
recomxnended by M. Leroy Beaulieu.
Tne Neues Wiener Tageblatt. which
considers the struggle between Europe
and America likelv to constitute the
"leading characteristic of the twentieth
century." Bays:
"The only object of the Immense econ
omic changes now occuirlng In the Unit
ed States is to flood Europe and the Eu
ropean markets in Asia with American
Industrial products."
CAPE COLONY INVASION
LOOKS MORE THREA TENING
It complains that no step has yet been
taken to realize the proposals put for
ward by Count Goluchcwsky, the Austro-
Hungarian Foreign Minister, and asserts
that continued European indifference can
only lead to disaster.
The Neues Wiener Tageblatt observes:
"Owirjg to the burden of taxation imposed
upon each European nation by militarism,
America is gradually becoming the cred
itor of the whole world. The approach
ing supremacy of the United States can
not be averted by the protectionist tariffs
advocated by the German and Austrian
agrarians. Count von Bulow, by assist
ing the agrarians, becomes the ally of
Senator Lodge. The only remedy is the
abolition of militarism, which is a can
cer upon European agriculture, trade and
industry-"
Senator Lodge's Utterances Are
Regarded in Europe as a
Serious Challenge.
SENATOR HENRY CABOT LODGE. WHOSE ADDRESS ON THD COM
ING SUPREMACY OF AMERICA IN THE TRADE OF THE WORLD
HAS STIRRED COMMERCIAL CENTERS OF EUROPE.
participated, in the 'Kansas "City senven
tion and the elements that did not, of the
elements that heartily supported the
ticket in the late campaign and the ele
ments that either voted for McKlnley or
did not vote at all.
"You know I regard Hill as the brain
iest Democrat In the country. I believe
his friends have taken hold of this mat
ter In earnest and are going to push his
claims for the nomination with great
vigor from this time on. I have not
heard a single objection to Hill's nomina
tion to-day and I have talked with many
leading Democrats from different parts of
the country. On the contrary what I
have heard to-day confirms me In the
belief that Hill will be the next nominee
of the Democratic party for President."
didate for the nomination for the Presi
dency. Others knew It already. He de
clared that Senator Hill's friends were at
work all over the country and that when
the time came to name the next national
ticket there would be practically no op
position to Hill.
The first three Senators with whom
Coler talked were Jones. Towne and Pet
tlgrew. and for more than an hour Coler
held a continuous reception in the marble
room of the Senate. Taken in connection
with the recent trip of Elliot Danforth
through the West and the passage yes
terday by the State Senate of Texas of
a resolution inviting Hill to address that
body on political topics the friends of W.
J. Bryan regard Coler's visit as showing
that an active Hill movement has been
started to cut the political ground from
under Bryan's feet and name Hill for
President.
"My visit has no significance." Coler
said to-night, "only I have been seeing
r>emocratic Senators and Representatives
to-day in the interest of David B. Hill's
nomination for President. I believe Hill
will be the nominee In 1904. I think he
will have the support of the Democrats
of every State in tho Union, I think he
will. have the support of the. elements that
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. Jan.. U.-Blrd S.
Coler, Controller of New York City, was
here to-day and saw nearly all the Dem
ocratic Senators?. He told some of them
that David B. Hill was the avowed can-*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bird S. Coler Goes to
Washington 10 Sound
Leaders.
Cutting the Ground
From Under
Bryan.
1904.
Democrats Seek
New Moses for
SENATOR
HILL FOR
PRESIDENT
"We passed the night In a state of the
deepest anguish. The waves Increased In
It was unfortunate that want of fore-
Eight resulted In all the nourishment be-
Jng kept at the lighthouse, two miles dis
tant, for the sufferer! had to walk there,
assisted by their friends, before restora
tives could be administered to them.
The four-cared boat next arrived with
seven more passengers, and the lifeboats
then made repeated Journeys until all
were saved and sheltered In the light
house.
MARSEILLES. Jan. 11.— The passengers
of the Russie arrived here by mall at 7:30
this evening. A great crowd was in wait
ing at the station to greet them. They
were loudly cheered as they left the train,
and inar.y touching scenes ensued when
the sufferers met their relatives. Lieuten
ant Gautberoit tells the following story
of the Russle's experiences:
"The steamer ran ashore at 11 o'clock
Monday morning. Only the watch was on
deck at the time. The passengers rushed
up undressed when the^y felt the shock.
and a panic ensued. The captain and of
ficers finally succeeded In calming the
people and the boats were prepared for
launching. It was found, however, that
the tea was too rough. As night came on
the KusEle began to sink. The afterhold
and the engine-room were Inundated, and
the vessel, which rolled badly, heeled to
the starboard. The passengers took refuge
in the first cabin and the smoking-room.
"Tuesday morning a \iolent wave burst
in the door of the saloon. The passengers,
who were again stricken with panic,
rushed on deck. We assured them and
then barricaded the doorway with mat
tresses. All day we were obliged help
lessly to watch attempts to reach us with
rockets and lifeboats from the shore and
by tugs.
A few minutes later the Carro boat left
the Russle's side heavily laden. As she
approached the shore the occupants were
f<-cn to be women and one baby. The en
t^uriasm was delirious. The spectators
P'.-jr.ged Into the sea. Some of them
dragged the lifeboat ashore and others
lifted the women out of the boat and car
ried them In their arms through the waves
to dry land. One woman was clasped in
the arms of her son. who had been wait
lr.g on shore since Monday. She owooned
and had to be transported on a stretcher,
hastily constructed from wreckage, and
covered with blankets, to the lighthouse.
The other women collapsed from fatigue,
cold and hunger. Their haggard faces
and trembling limbs told of the awful ex
periences they had gone through.
The heroism finally was rewarded, as,
with daybreak, the weather perceptlblv
moderated. The s«a became calmer and
the wind, having shifted from east to
north, the Carro fishermen at about 6:39
a. ia. again put out to tea. The specta
tors watched with fast-beating hearts as
the beat disappeared amid the waves.
More than once it was thought she was
engulfed, but the small craft always rose
In eight again en the crest of the waves,
approaching nearer to the Russie.
Then a rope was thrown, -which the fish
ermen caught, and the lifeboat soon after
ward was alongside. Then, above the
hcwling wind, rose cries of joy from
those on board the Russie, which were re
echoed by the crowd ashore. Another
boat, manned by four men. was then
launched and succeeded In reaching tho
wrecked vessel.
On rccelDt of this .-i^na! the fishermen
roa£e two more plucky launches of their
boat, but were beater, back, and as the
] lassie disappeared in the darkness those
rr. boaj-d apparently ¦were trying to launch
their only remaining boat. The storm
Tared with renewed fury during the
right, ar.d only those Tho were compelled
to do so stayed on the suore, part of them
huddled beneath a tarpaulin and others
seeking refuge from th» gale In the Fara
tr.f.n lighthouse. At r^lfinlght two floats
with line* attached to them were
launched, but both these attempts to
reach the Russie were fruitless.
In the early hours of the morning torches
•were lighted at the bow of the Russle,
and. In response to the signal, the fisher
men xsade Another effort to reach the
wreck. But they were again tossed
cohere and the men of the lifeboat, who
belcr.gr to the fishing- village of Cairo,
gathered round a bor.Cre made of wreck
age from the steamer, drenched to the
skin and with teeth chattering from cold.
but not discouraged..
FARAMAN. Bouenes-du-Rhor.e. Jan. U
—After a night of terrible suspense ail
cf the passengers ard crew cf the French
fcasishlp Russie. fr-jm Oran. Algeria,
¦which stranded near acre durine a vio
lent storm Mondar. have been safely
landed. A« tho life line connected from
the shore with "he steamer parted asr:U~
yesterday afternoon, A'hen r.lght set In
m communication will! the stranded ves
f*ol was possible. The last signaled mes
fcaicre read as fo!!oxv«:
"We have not a scran of food left. Coa-
ETrrnation prevails en 'ooard."
Survivors Tell of the
Terrible Ordeal en
the Wreck.
Ninety Persons Are
Landed by Hero
Fishermen.
Saving Lives in
Peril on the
Russie.
THRILLING
SCENES OF
RESCUE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 43.
AMERICA SUPREME
IN TRADE OF WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.MONTEREY. Jan. ll.-The City Board
of Trustees has unanimously adopted a
resolution calling upon the Mnnterev
Coynty delegation In the State Legislature
to cive its support to the movement for
the preservation of historic Colton Hall
and the old Cuitom-house by the Stats.
Monterey's Request.
A. n. 62, Irish— Appropriating $1957 01 to pay
the claim of the State Board of Horticulture.
A. B. 53. Irish— Amending section 34S8 of the
Political Code, relating to the reclamation of
marsh lands.
' A. B. M, Clarke— Amending the law of 1833
providing for tho recording of maps of cities
and towns and subdivisions of the same.
A. B. 65, Clarke— To prevent fraud on credi
tors and to provide for and regulate th« sale,
transfer and assignment of an entire or con
siderable portion of a stock of goods other than
In the usual course of trade.
A. B. 56, Flsk— Appropriating $351 75 for the
Attorney General.
A. B. 67, Flsk— Appropriating $2000 for the
State printing office.
A. B. 58, Flsk— Amending section 61 of the
Civil Code relating to divorces.
A. B. 69, Wade— Providing matrons for city
and county Jails and prisons.
A. B. 60, McVVade— Amending the county gov
ernment act of 1897,V^ .
A. B. 61, Myers— Amending the school law. .
"A. B. 62, Myers— Establishing a State dairy
school and experimenting farm. •
A. B. 63, -McNeil — Appropriating $2000 for tho
purpose of propagating steelhead trout at the
Stato hatchery on Eel River.
A. • B. 64, Wehbor— Appropriating $30,000 foi
the erection of ¦, a hospital building for the
Veterans' Home at yountville. - " •
A. B. 65, Webber— Appropriating $75 per an
num for every aged and indigent United States
fx-soldler. sailor v or marine residing at the
home at Yountville.: : •. - " ¦ -" .
. A. B. 66, Webber — Appropriating $2500 for the
Improvement of the grounds at the Veterans'
Home at Yountville.
Becond— There . was not only extravagance
but . downright dishonesty In many details of
the commission's work. What can be thought,
for Instance, of the raising of the salary of
Secretary Gasklll from $250 to $600 a month?
This may not be exactly stealing, but it has a
look very much like it. Perhaps it would be
better to call It exapproprlatlon ; or to em
ploy a euphemism Invented by Wilkle Collins,
"moral agriculture." Certainly- tho I^eglela-
First— From the very Initial the commission
was used for the advancement of a cabal in
that body, who spent money recklessly and
without regard to the object for which the
commission was organized. Mr. Varney Gas
kill, the secretary of the commission, and a
man absolutely unfitted for his position through
lack of experience and downright incapacity,
was allowed to run matters at his own sweet
will, despite all tha efforts of Commissioner
Truman to curb him within proper limits, Com
missioner Foote standing In with him and
Commissioner Runyon not caring to Interfere.
From the detail of the shipment of exhibits to
their storing and final disposition— from Al
pha to Omega— the affairs of the commission
were blundered. . The Graphic is in possession
of Information too direct and reliable to ad
mit of any doubt on this point.
sion, but it soon became known that the
early start after business meant that the
committee had its eye on no one but
**oote, Runyon and Gaskill.
The matter of an investigation haa
grown out of charges that appeared in
the Western Graphic of Los Angeles,
dated January 5, Truman's paper, in
which an Inquiry is demanded and the
following allegations are made:
ture, if its members had had the slightest idea
that their money was to be made ducks and
drakes of In this manner, would not have
passed tho bill which entrusted so large a
sum to the distribution of the California com
mlBston. They would have drawn their purse
strings tight. But, admitting, for* the sake of
argument, that this was only extravagance
and low-down jobbery, the Western Graphic
has positive Information that fully 120,000 was
thrown away in unnecessary expenses, which
could be called nothing but dishonest outlays.
This Is a large sum, but we are assured that
It Is a minimum summary of tha real facts
Third— The- Graphic is Informed and believes
that the atmosphere which surrounded the
headquarters of the California commission was
of a disgracefully Immoral kind. Orgies of a
peculiar and discreditable sort took place there.
The visitor waa liable to be shocked by tor
rents of raucous oaths and obscenities, and, at
least In one case, they might have witnessed
a physical assault of one commissioner upon
another.
A number of copies of th© paper con
taining these charges were sent to the
Assembly in the care of Mellck and he
distributed them. Just when or how the
committee will approach the subject has
not -been decided, but it 'Will not carry
any danger to the. commissioners unless
Melick and Bliss can get two more of the
commltteemen to help them. The ap-
polntment of the man vo succeed "Ander
son is awaited with interest. The mem
bers of the committee are now Hasson
Treadwell. Melick, Bliss, Irving and
Brady, with a vacancy made by Ander
son's resignation to-day, to bo filled.
A.' B. 67, "Webber — Amending section 180 of
th» county government act of 1897.'
A. B. 68. Webber— Amending section 604 of
the Penal Code, relating to the malicious de
struction of crops.'
A. B. 69, Webber^— Repealing sections 632. 633.
634 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to
court decisions. • .v :
A. B. 70. Webber— Amending section 1732 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to pub
llo administration. ! »«W-*sn»*,
A. B. 71, Webber— Amending sections 338 and
83? of the Penal Code relating to pawnbrokers.
A. B. 72, Sutro— Amandlng section 1665 of the
Political Code relatlnsr to. school studies.
A. B. 73. Sutro— Amending section 144 of the
Code of Civil Procedure providing quarters for
the Superior Courts.
A. B. 74, Sutro— Concerning attendance and
service of experts in I criminal cases and to
provide payment for the same.
A. B. .75.; Sutro— Amending section 686 of tHe
Penal Code relating to the rights of defendants
In 'criminal actions. •¦¦ --•..¦
A. B. 76, Sutro— Providing for the payment
of jurors' fees in criminal . cases In the Su
perior Courts.
A. B. .79, Carter— A lm-ndln* section 337 of
the Code of Civil Procedure prescribes the
A. n. 77, Putro— Amending Fictions lire, an j
1370 of the Penal Code providing for tho mre
of juries and relating to retrials of aecUK«d
persons adjudged iiuuine ami- afterward bc
comlns; Kane. ' / ---~-.
A. B. 78, Carter— "Amending an act pntitlpd
"An act to eFtabllsh a Code of Civil Procedure
hy amendlne section 333 i elating to the statute
of limitations." ; ¦ : , ..-..-
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— From the attitude of
the Assembly Committee on Commissions
and Public Expenditures, it Iooks as if an
interesting tale of the doings of the Paris
Exposition Commlsslcn were to supply
one of the interesting stories of the ses
sion. The committee haa about deter
mined to investigate the expenditure of
the $130,000 set aside for the expenses of
the commission. It has been charged that
the energies of the commissioners were
directed more to the matter of spending
the appropriation than oi having: it do the
most good, and the Assembly committee
will take up the matter -If It can do so.
Whether or not It can Is still a matter
of doubt, for there axe seven members of
tha committee and lour of these are of
the Pendleton party. Presumably the
latter favor the Governor's appointees,
and the Paris Commission was appointed
by him. Melick and Bliss are willing to
go ahead with the inquiry, but neither of
them Is willing to take up the investiga
tion * with nothing but a whitewash Jn
eight.
The possibility of an investigation ap
peared in the Assembly when Melick
moved that the Committee on Com
missions be given power to sum
mon witnesses ¦ and swear them,
and take their testimony. Nothing
was said- of the Paris Commis-
. . . ..............
clectrlo currents a misdemeanor.
A. B. 40, Fellz — Declaring void all sales and
deeds of real estate to the State for delinquent
taxes when title to euch property waa vested
In the United Btates. .
A. B. 41. Koeter— Appropriating 110,800 for the
deaf and dumb and blind asylum at Berkeley.
A. B. 42. Foster— Providing- for the listing 1 and
appraisement of property exempt from taxa
tion and reporting the same to the Legislature.
A, B. 43, Collins of Ban Francisco — Appro
priating $460 to pay. the claim of John Wilkln*.
A. B. 44, Roberts— Amending sections 256S,
2570 and 2571 of the Political Code, repealing
section 2588, and adding two new sections, all
relating to the Harbor Commissioners of. the
port of Eureka. . •
A. B. 45, Merritt— Appropriating $187 to pay
deficiency for pay of officer* and clerks of the
Assembly— thirty-third session, fiftieth fiscal
year.
A. B. 46. Irish— Appropriating $150,000 for re
straining and , impounding debris resulting
from mining operations, etc.
A. B, 47, Irish— Changing and permanently
locating the boundary between Plumas and
A. B. 48. Irish— Changing and permanently
locating the boundary between the counties of
Dutte and Plumas.
A. 1 B. 49, Irish— Permanently locating the
boundary between Hhaeta and Plumas coun
tlea. "TUIL^TtlpliTirJgMMllIP 'I
A. B. M, Irish — Changing and permanently
locating the boundary between •*>• counties of
Yuba and Flumas.
A. R. GO, Irish— Changing and permanently
locating tho boundary line between Flumas
and Tehama counties.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— Both houses of
the Legislature adjourned at
noon to-day for a recess until
Monday morning. They would
have made it Monday afternoon,
but the constitution forbids a re
cess of more than three days, so it had
to be Monday morning or nothing. As
soon as the houses adjourned Senators
and Aesemblymen started for the trains,
and now the hotel lobbies are as deserted
as a weekday picnic, as all the leaders
have taken themselves to their homes.
The one topic of interest here this even
ing is the^resignatlon of Alden Anderson
of Solano from membership in and the
chairmanship of the Committee on Com
missions and Public Expenditures. This
morning he handed to Pendleton this writ
ing:
"I hereby resign as chairman and mem
ber of the Committee on Commissions and
Public Expenditures."
There had been talk of suoh an action,
but still it was unexpected. Before the
fact was generally known, however. An
derson had left the capital, and every one
was speculating to no purpose on the
meaning and intent of his action.
Just who will get the chairmanship of
the committee in Anderson's place is a
matter for further speculation. There are
now on the committee Hasson. Brady,'
Treadwell, Melick, Bliss and Irving. Has
pon is already chairman of the Commit
tee on Public Health and Quarantine,
Brady has Commerce and Navigation,
Treadwell has Revision and Reform of
Laws and Irving is a Democrat. This
leaves Melick and Bliss in lino for the
place, with the preference for Melick if it
were not for the possibility of the Paris
Commission investigation. That may im
pel the appointment of an outsider to the
committee and to tbe chair.
The Legislature "has been unusually
quick at organizing this session. Every
thing is ready for a start Monday, and
from then on sessions of the Assembly
and the Senate and meetings. of commit
tees will keep the Legislature busv. There
are a few bits of patronage still coming
bits made up of a remaining dollar from
one man's allowance or a half-dollar from
another's. Older members are Industrious
ly gathering these in, and before long
even the crumbs will bo gone.
This evening's train brought Adolph B.
Spreckels ;*id General A. W. Barrett, who
come to attend the meeting of the State
Board of Agriculture to-morrow morning.
The mfetlng is important from the fact
that a secretary to fill the vacancy caused
by the resignation of Peter J. Shields may
he elected. The members of the board
profess ignorance as to candidates
for the place, nor will they say that the
election Is certain to be held. The
board will discuss the bill introduced in
the Senate by Devlin anri in the Assem
bly by Johnson appropriating $100,000 for
improving the State Pair buildings and
grounds, and for selling some of the more
valuable property and purchasing other
property, less valuable, adjoining. This is
the only bill the society is interested in.
Ben P. Tabor, who has tiled a contest
against the election of Senator Lardner,
came down from Placer County to-day.
INQUIRY INTO THE EXPENDITURES
OF CALIFORNIA'S PARIS COMMISSION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suisun Man Assigns No Reason for His Refusal
to Serve and Politicians Are Given Food
for Much Conjecture.
S. B. US. Smith of Xtrn-^Co fin 4efld«nc7 In
postage.
S. B. 156.. Smith of Kern— To tmand tha Cods
of Civil Procedure relating to attendance of
witnesses at trials.
S. B. 137, Smith of K>rn— R*Latl=«- to the com
pensation of the executive.
S. B. 158, Smith of Kem— Relating to th«
compensation of guardians.
8. B. 159, Smith of Kem— Relating to 2r»
companies in incorporated towns.
S. B. ISO. Flint— To pay tha claim of Claus
Spreckels against the State.
S. B. 181. Flint — Appropriating money to pur
chase lands for Sutter Fort. .
S. B. 182, Welch— Amending sections 1343 and
15S2 of the Political Code, relating to expense
accounts of county superintendents of schools.
8. B. 163, Welch— Amending sections 1544 and
1545 of the Political Code, relating to the du
ties of county superintendents of schools.
S. B. 184. Welch— Amending sections 1549 and
1550 of the Political Code, relating to appoint
ment of deputy superintendents of schools.
S. B. 185. Devlin— Appropriating money for a
drinking fountain In the Capitol grounds.
S. B. 166. Devlin— Relating to the discharge
of persons from prisons and reformatories.
S. B. 167, Devlin— Appropriating money to pay
for monuments at graves of E. G. Waite. Levi
Rackliffe and Dana Perkins.
S. B. 168, Lardner— To prevent the sale of
raw material to penal Institutions.
S. B. 163. Lardner— Relating to compilation of
school test-books.
Assembly bill No. 3, appropriating $13,000
for a refractory building at "Whlttler
School, was referred to the Committee on
Reformatories as an urgency measure.
Adjournment was taken until 11:30 a. m.
Monday.
tion of game la the national parks of Cali
fornia.
A. B. 117. Levlnson— Amending section 2KM of
the Political Code relating to roads crossing
canals, railroads, etc.
A. B. US. Treadwell— Revising the Code of
Civil Procedure.
A. B. 119. Treadwell— Revising the Civil Code.
A. B. 120, Treadwell— Revising the Penal
Code.
A. B. 121, Treadwell— Regarding primary elec
tions.
A. B. 122, Treadwell— Repealing sections 3S20.
3S21, SS22. 3X23, 3S24, 3825. 3S35, 3S27. 385« 3SC3.
3S31 of the Political Code, relating to taxes on
personal property.
A. B. 123, Treadwell— Amending sections «0->
to MS. inclusive, of the Civil Code, and re
pralinir section 64$«$, all relating to land and
building corporations.
A. B. 124. Greer— Arrropriatinsr $33.0CO for th«
construction of a model highway from Sacra
mento to Folsom.
A. B. 125. Greer— Appropriating $3),000 for
the purpose of purchasing and Improving land
about Sutter's Fort.
A. B. 126, Hanen— Amending tha veterinary
act of 1593.
A. B. 127, Hanen — ProTldln? a lunch hour for
laborers employed In sawmills, etc
A. B. 129, Hanen— Amending sections 1541.
1544. 154S, 15S3. 1S33, 1873. 1621. 1S71 of the Polit
ical Code.
A. B. 129. Haley— ProTldlny for th« construc
tion of a wagon road from Mount Hamilton to
the San Joaquln River.
A. B. 130, Haley— Providing for th* construc
tion of A wagon road from Lo» Banoa to Hol-
Uster.
A. B. 131, Haley— Amendin* tha county »ov
emment act of 1W7.
A. B. 133, Rutherford— Relatrr* to Stats
school text books.
A. B. 133. Rutherford— Amending; section 2T3
of the Penal Code, makinn It unlawful in cer
tain cases to employ children under 14 years
of age.
A B. 134. Rutherford— A mendlnc section 473
or the Political Code, defining duties of Attor
ney General.
A. T5. 123. Rutherford— Amending section 2734
of the Civil Code, relating to fire Insurance
Indemnity.
A. B. 136, Kno-irland— Amending section 1««5
and to repeal section 1668 of the Political Code.
A. B. 137, Knowland— Approprtatlnar $2345 to
pay the-'clalm Of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. • •
A. B. 13». Pendleton — Amending section 64? of
the Penal Code; relating to vagrancy.
A. B. 139. Pendleton— Amending section 103 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to Jus
tices' courts.
A. B. 140, Pendleton— Establishing polio
courts in cities of the second class.
A. B. 141. Pendleton— •?unending section Ml
of th« Penal Code, relating to vagTancy.
A. B. 142, Pendleton— Amending tha munici
pal classification act of 1*S3.
A. B. 143. Broughton— Providing for th» in
spection of Illuminating oils.
A. B. 144. Johnson— Appropriating $100.000 "to
purchase the agricultural park In Sacramento.
A. B. 143. Johnson— Appropriating $1120 to pay
the expenses Incurred by the commission for
the revision and reform of the law.
A. B. 146. Johnson— Amending section «90 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to ex
emptions from prosecution.
A. B. 147, Johnnoa^ — Amending the act to pre
vent the destruction of forest* by flr» in pub
lic lands, passed In 1S72," and extending Its
provisions to private lands^
CARTOONIST WARREN IN A RELIGIOUS MOOD.
tax exemption, introduced bv Wright: the
Rei5hawbill prohibiting the Felling nf pools
except under certain conditions: a meas
ure directing the *-mployrr.ent of at lea?t
twenty-five prisoners at San Quentin on
road buHdinsr, and one providing for dairy
inspection, all introduced by Atherton of
Marin: the code revision measures, as rec
emmended by the cornmipsion. introduced
by Trr-adtvcll of S-jn Krcncis^o: measures
by Webber appropriating SSOjQOO for the
erection of a hos-pital l»ui!dinp at the Vet
rrans' Home st YountvUle. and increasing
the appropriation for the support of vet
erans from MSjOM to $<W.<jO0 per year.
Melick of J^o«= Angeles introduced a
measure for the protection of forests,
making the malicious building or careless
leaving of a flr» that might start a forest
fire a misdemeanor, whether or not dam
age Is done. He introduced two measures
reconrmerdod by the California League of
Municipalities, one authorizing Town
Trustees to provide for street cleaning
and sprinkling, the cost to lie assessed
vpon property owners, and another pro
viding for the levying of a special tax for
permanent municipal improvements. Mel
ick also Introduced a bill making the
ct<loH*i<r nf a Hi/*i r r»lii tri~?ir\A lQff>onv
The primary election bills introduced
will afford one of the hard problems for
the Assembly to rolvc. Trcadwell. Sutro,
Johnson and Macbeth have Introduced
Fuch measures.
Johnson's primary election bills embody
the id^fiR of T. Carl Spoiling, for whom
Johnson cr>ns»»nTrrl to introrlurp th*»m.
Uaebetb'fl bil!« arc in harmony with those
Introduced by Senator Davis and arc
largely in the nature of amendments to
and repeals of old sections, clearing the
way for effective legislation.
Treadwell's bill provides for separate
hallnt-boxes. one for each party, and each
voter must declare h!s Intention and de
pesit his ballot in the party ballot-box.
All parties* are fciven representation lrre
fpectix'e of the vote cast at the previous
election, but to shut out "piece clubs" a
fee is to be required for a place on the
ticket. State, county and city conven
tions only are provided for, the necessity
fcr dletrlct conventions being obviated by
providing that delegates to State conven
tions ehall sit In district convention.
Sutro proposed a constitutional amend
ment baeed upon the Wisconsin primary
election law the feature of which Is a di
rect vote at the primary for candidates
instead of for delegates. The law Is said
to work most satisfactorily In Wisconsin.
The amendment proposed by Rutro is des
ignated as section 23i of article II, and is
£us follows:
Section 2\. Whenever any primary election
rha.il be held for the election of delegate* to
a. convention for the nomination of candlda-tea
for offlc* under the provisions of section 2V4
of this article the voters of «.ny party shall
have the rrivilee;e of voting directly for candl
<?atrs to be placrd upon the ticket of their
rerty fcr w.y office to be filled «t the en*u
in«- ejection. Any person who rwelven a ma
jority of vot»» of any r»rty for any oMee shall
».e placed upon the official ballot at the en
rulnj election is the candidate of such party
fnr rurh of rtce; provided, that the total vote
for n!<~h candidate shall be not !« than one
half of all the votes cast by such party for
delerate* to Its convention at the eald primary
If no r*reon receives a majority of the totai
vote cart by «uch party at raid primary, the
nomination to such office ehall be made by
the convention elected under the provisions of
section 2H-
Warren M. John of San Luis Obispo In
troduced a bill prepared by the Bar As
sociation of San Luis Obispo County,
amending *ection 727 of the Civil Code by
increasing the salary of the Superior
"Judge of that county from $3000 to $«000
p*>r annum. It is claimed that there are
thirteen counties In the State whose Su
perior Judges receive $4000, and the Supe
rior Courts of which have smaller volume
cf business than thai of San Luis Obispo
County.
Knowland of Alameda. Introduced two
bills drafted by Dr. O*?rge H. Martin of
Ban Francisco, touching the public school
system. One embodies a constitutional
amendment establishing 1 a State Board of
Ii.a'ucation. to consist of the Superintend
ent of PuMIr Instruction and three other
prrsnns to be appointed by th»> Governor.
BalarJfs of members are to be $3000 per
annum and the tprm of office twelve
vearF. The tx>ard Is to have control of
the State t*xtb<-<nks, the issuance of
teachers' certificates and euch other du
ti»>» a* may be prp*< v rlb«»d by law.
B&ut of San Francisco drafted and In
troduced a bill raisins the minimum pun-
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. ll.-The introduc
tion of bills began in the Assem
bly this morning. Two hundred
and fifteen measures were intro
duced, ranging from unimportant
amendment* to existing laws to
r.rw measures radical In character and
others appropriating large. sums of money.
At the close of the morning session ad
journment was taken until 11 o'clock Mon
cay. Little business will be transacted
then, as the Electoral College's ceremony
of casting it? vote will be held in the As
prrnbly chamber at 2 p. m.
Many of the bills introduced were meas
t:rrs corresponding to those introduced
yesterday by Senators. Among these are
the University of California measures,
y.rovidins Increased income, introduced by
.\nderpon; the Stanford University bill?,
prantir.g full corporate rowers and partial
ishment for kidnaping from one to five
years and the maximum from^en to forty
yi ars. w
Fisk of San Francisco has a measure
amending the present divorce laws by re
peal of the section which prevents remar
riage within a year after the date of the
divorce.
An act providing for municipal street
improvements was introduced by 'Walker
of Santa Clara. It is intended to be used
instead of the Vrooman act by email
towns, its use being optional. A distlnc
i tive feature of it is that providing for
; the collection of assessments in advance,
thus nutting such improvements on a cash
basis. Much preliminary work is elimi
nated. The bill was drafted by the Judi
ciary committee of the California League
of Municipalities and was approved In the
last convention of the league.
The appropriation bills introduced to
day aggregate more than a half million
dollars; in proposed direct expenditure.
For the most part the sums invoked are
not large enough to startle the legislators,
but the total Is somewhat alarming.
Johnson fathers two bills involving, the
largest expenditures. One measure intro
duced by him, Assembly bill No. 144, calls
for JlOO.uOO, and another. No. 14S, for $150;
(1K). The lirst bill provides for the pur
chase from the board of directors of the
California State Agricultural Society of the
blocks in Sacramento bounded on the
north by B street, on the east by Twenty
second street, on the south by H street
and on the west by Twentieth street; and
also the west half of the blocks lying
immediately east of this tract. The pur
pose of the bill is to acquire title for the
State of the agricultural fair grounds.
Johnson's other measure contemplates
the joint investigation with the Federal
Government of the water resources of the
State and tho question of forest preser
vation. The bill provides for the appoint
ment by the Governor of a Board of
Water Commissioners of three members,
which shall have power .to appoint a sec
retary and to direct such topographical
purveys as the Federal departments shall
recommend, the State's expenditures for
these purposes not to exceed the expend
itures of the Federal Government.
State highways are important among
tlie appropriation bills. Greer of Sacra
mento offers a measure appropriating
fC5.0-.fj for a road from Sacramento to Fol
som. to bo built as far as practicable of
crashed rock from Folsom. Haley of
Stanislaus and Merced introduced a bill
appropriating $30,000 for a road from Lick
Observatory to the San Joaquin River by
the most direct and practicable route to
connect with one of the Yosemite Valley
roadF. The same member offers a bill ap
propriating $20,000 for a road from Los
llanos to llollipter.
Webber introduced a bill appropriating
$.y).O'j<i for a hospital building at the Vet
erans* Home at Yountville.
John of San Luis Obispo County fathers
a scheme for the establishment of a poly
technic school at San Luis Obispo to cost
$50,000.
Three Assembly bills introduced by
Hanen appropriate $o~,000 for improve
ments at the State Hospital in Mendocino
County; $25/1X1 of it Is for a new building,
$21,00<i for additional land. $7000 for an elec
tric light plant and S-WOu for an ice plant-
A new building for the State Normal
School at Chico, proposed In a bill intro
duced by Collins of Butte. calls for $25,000.
Improvements at the Los Angeles State
Normal School, provided for in a bill in
troduced by Carter, will" cost 510,000.
.Myers of Tulare and Kings Introduced a
bill appropriating $20,000 for the establish
ment in XIngs County of a State Dairy
School aiyi Experiment Farm, to be under
the control of the Board of Regents of the
University of California.
The dairy inspection scheme embodied
In Assembly bill No. S9, introduced by
Atherton. involves the expenditure In twb
years of I1G.000.
(Jreer of S;uramento proposes the pur
chase of additional blocks for the Sutter
fort ground?, ;it a cost of $20,000.
Among the bills introduced to-day were
the following:
A. B. 4, Melick — Amending the forestry act
of 1=72.
A. B. 5, Mellrk— Amending section 4S7 of the
Penal Code, defining grand larceny.
A. B. 6, Melick— Appropriating 1300 to pay
the claim of A. \V. Itapelje.
A. B. 7, Melick— Authorizing Incorporated
cities and towns to titan or sprinkle streets
and to remove weeds therefrom.
A. B. 8. Melick— Authorizing the incurring of
Indebtedness by cities, towns and municipal
corporations for municipal improvements and
regulating the acquisition, construction and
completion thereof.
A. B. 9, Melick— Regulating the sale of crude
oil or petroleum that are used for illuminating
and fuel purposes.
A. B. 10, Melick— To enforce the educational
rights of children.
A. B. 11. Melirk— Amending portion of the
Political Code relating to the public schools.
A. B 12. Kellcy— Appropriating $60,000 to pur
chase machinery for the State printing olHce.
A. B. 13. Kelley— Repealing an act entitled
"An act making it unlawful to refuse admis
sion to places of amusement, approved March
23, 1*93."
A. B. 14. Kelley — To prevent tampering with
animal? and to prevent the giving or admin
istering of poison or drugs to animals except
for medicinal purposes, making the «ame a
felony.
A. n. is. Broughton— Providing for the sale
of utreet railroad and other franchises in
municipalities and providing conditions for the
Krantlrg of fuoIi franchise?, by legislative or
Otter governing bodies, and repealing conflict
ing acts.
A. B. lfi. Broughton— Regulating the Bale of
commercial fertilizers.
A» i B. 17, Fchleslnger— Amending section 377
of the Code of Civil Procedure relating to dam
ages that may be obtained for tho accidental
death of an adult person from tha person caus
ing hi »• death.
A. B. 18. Echlesinger— Amending section 629
cf the Civil Code relating to gas companies'
obligations.
A. B. 19, Schleelnger— Appropriating I10U to
pay the claim of Thomas D. Rlorian. \
A. B. 20. Schllllg— Amending sections (28, 832.
257 and 358 of the Code of Civil Procedure de
fining the statute of limitation as selecting
minors, lnscne persons, etc
A. B. 21, Schillig-ApproprlaUng $455 SS to
pay the claims and expenses of officers and
members of companies B and D, Second In
fantry. N. O. C. for active services rendered
In defending prisoners from mob 'violence in
the Coluaa County Jail In August, 1897.
A. B. 22. Bchlllig— Amending section of the
act cf 1S37 providing for the appointment of
an auditing board to the commissioner of
public work*.
A. B. 23. Echilllg— Providing for the quieting
and confirmation of titles to real property.
A. B. 24, Henry— Appropriating 1300 to pay
the claim of the American Type Foundry Com
pany, y
A. B. 25, Berry— Repealing the act of 1874
declaring Lake Earl in Del Xorte navigable.
A. B. 26. Berry— Making it a misdemeanor
to u»e a. livery teani for other purposes than
that for which It is hired.
A. B. 27. Berry— Appropriating $5000 to place
a flume and flood gates at the mouth of Lake
Earl, Del None County.
A. B. n. Ktewart of Amador — Appropriating
$3500 for Improvements at the Preston School
of Industry
A. B. 29, Stewart of Amador— Appropriating
SoOO for improvements on the laundry at tho
Preston School of Industry.
A. B. 80, Stewart of Araador— Amending seo
tion 1474 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to homestead titles.
A. B. 21, Stewart of Amador— Amending seo
tlon 370 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to a husband's Joint liability in suits
against his wife.
A. B. 32. Stewart of AmaSor— Amending sec
tion 252 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to the statute of limitations as applying to
civil actions by minors, etc.
A. B. S3, Btewart of Amador— Authorizing th«
taking of a deposition when the adverse party
ha« r.ot appeared, and . providing method of
procedure.
A. II. 34, Stewart of Amador — Amending sec
tion 8»9 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to the service cf summons.
A. B. 35. Ouryea— Preventing the sale of raw
materials to and tli» manufacture In penal ln
stitutionfi in the State of California of any
article of commerce other than Jute bags, and
prcvidtr.R for their rale at cost of production
A. R 3fi. Durya— Amending section 1402 of
the Civil Code, relating to the bonds of execu-
A. B. 87, Durjea— Itepeallng section 1401 of
the Civil Cod*, fame as A. B. 36.
A. B. 3*. Durjea— Amending section 14$ of the
Penal <*o<1«\ fixing punishment for Interference
A- li 3». Duryea— Making the stealing of.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Jan. 11.— The Senate
added to its file by a score or
more of bills this morning and
then adjourned until Monday.
The most important bill intro
duced was by* Simpson, who sub
mitted a measure pj«ulatlng the sa!e
of franchises and defining "gross
receipts." In thi3 Mil Simpson pro
vides that street railways, steam rail
ways, telegraph and telephone companies,
gas and water companies and all public
utilities shall pay to the State 2 per cent
of their gross receipts, after an interval
of live years from the commencement o».
their operation, and in case of a renewat,
from the date of renewal. When a fran
chise is to be part of a road or line of
pipes or wires, the gross receipts are to
be taken as that part of tlie gros3 re
ceipts of the whole which is proportional
to the relation of tho s>ize of the new fran
chise to the whole svutem.
The most important leature of the bill,
however, is a provision allowing any re
sponsible bidder, after the sealed bi-Jn
have been 'opened, to raise the highest
bid not less than 10 per cent. Any ona
else may raise this second bid not lesd
than 10 per cent, and .such raises will be
allowed until there are no further raises.
Then the franchise snail go to the highest
bidder.
Leavltt submitted a bill repealing' th->
act which compels th» admission to anv
place of public amusement of any one
who will pay the price of a ticket;. Thi*
bill is to enable race track associations tu
bar touts, discredited jockeys and book
makers and others equally objectionable.
There is a good deal. of latitude in the bill,
but it will be amende! in committee so as
to make certain the provisions regarding
the persons restricted. JLeavitt also in
troduced a bill making it a felony to poh»
on animals, which includes the "doping"
of dogs and horses at coursing parks ami
race courses.
Luchsinger introduced a constitutional
amendment providing that a majority of
the votes cast for a charter may carry
the measure, and that three-fifths of tho
votes cast on the amendment may amend
a charter. As it is now, it requires in one
case a majority and In the other three
fifths of the votes cast at the election.
Senator Flint of San Benito, whose dis
trict was the beneficiary of Claus Spreck
els' loan to the State three years ago,
introduced a bill to repay to Mr. Spreckels
that portion of the $25,000 he advanced
which had been expended In succoring the
drought-stricken districts. This claim
amounts to $11,675 S2. The money was ad
vanced at the request of Governor BudO,
then executive, and the unexpended bal
ance of the $25,000 was returned to Mr.
Spreckels. During the last Legislature
a bill providing for tho repayment of the
expended balance was introduced. It
passed both houses of the Legislature
without a dissenting voice and without
amendment, but the Governor pocketed it
and killed it. This session it appears not
from Claus Spreckels, for he refused to
have further dealing 'n the matter when
the bill did not become a law. but from
the f/iends of the Sta»e University, air.
Spreckels has turned the claim over to
the university and if the bill goe3 througn
it will get the money. The same bill was
introduced in the Assembly by John of
San Luis Obispo.
Smith of Los Angeles was tho first to
come to the aid of the newspaper men.
He submitted a resolution to-day provid
ing that accredited correspondents be giv
en copies of all bills, resolutions and doc
uments given to the senators. :
Davis' resolution urging Congress to al
low an appropriation to be expended In
protecting forests from fire and indis
criminate lumbering, and for the purchase
of the Big Tree gro'xs. was favorablv
reported upon this morning by the Com
mittee on Federal Relations, to which it
had been referred. It will be finally
passed Monday.
Senator Simpson presented a resolution
allowing each member $23 for contingent
expenses. The rules were suspended and
the resolution was adopted.
Senator Luchsinger presented a resolu
tion authorizing the sergeant-at-arms to
provide the press mailing clerks with ?40
worth of postage stamps for the use of
members, to be paid out of the contingent
fund". The resolution was referred to the
committee on contingent expenses.
The following are the bills that were in
troduced:
S. B. 143. Leavitt— To repeal an act relating to
admission to places of general amusement.
S. B. 144— Introduced yesterday. i
S. B. 113, Leavltt— To prevent giving poison
limits for civil actions upon contracts, etc.
A. B. 80. Carter— Appropriating $10,000 for the
improvements on the s.vmnaslum at the Nor
mal School at Los Ar.Reles.
A. B. 81, Carter— Providing for an additional
clerk for the Attorney General's office.
A. B. S2, Guilfoyle— Amending the Bureau of
Labor Statistics acts of 1S93.
A. B. S3, Bauer— Amending sections 1343 and
1345 of tlie Political Code relating to the duties
of the County Superintendents of Schools.
A. B. 84. Bauer— Amending sections 134S and
1552 of the Political Code relating to expense
accounts of County Superintendents of Schools.
A B. S5, Bauer— Amending sections 1549 and
1K0 of the Political Code relating to appoint
ment of Deputy Superintendents of Schools.
A. B. 86. Bauer — Amending section 208 of the
Penal Code relating to kidnaping.
A. B. 87, Atherton— Appropriating $3046 75 to
pay the claim or Maria County.
A. B. S8, Atherton— Directing the State Prison
directors to employ at least twenty-five, pris
oners in the repair and construction of roads
to the prison at San Quentln.
A. B. 89. Atherton— Providing for the Inspec
tion of dairies and dairy products and appro
priating IS00O for the purpose.
A- B. 90, Atherton— Amending section 1238 of
the Code of Civil Procedure relating to the
right of eminent domain as applied to canals,
reservoirs, etc.
A. B. 91. Atherton— Amending section 870 of
the municipal corporation act of 1S83.
A. B. K. Atherton— To prohibit tho »ellin« of
pools and bookmoklng.
A- B. 83, Hourigan— To secure to native-born
or naturalized cltlzor.s of the United States
the exclusive right to be employed in any de
partment of the State, county or town gov
ernment.
A B. 97, Bliss— Amending section 1633 of the
Political Code.
A. B. 88, Walker— Amending chapter 3 of
title 2, part 2 of tha Code of Civil Procedure
by adding a new section relating to the time of
commencing actions to contest assessments un
der "the local Improvement act" of 1901.
A. B. 99, Walker— Providing for local improve
ments upon streets, lanes, etc., and for the
construction of sewers within .municipalities,
the act to he known as "the local Improvement
act of 1801. ".' *•
A. B. 100, Walker— Providing for the publica
tion of legal and official advertising.
A. B. 101. B. Collins— Amending section 2645 of
the Political Code relating to the • duties of
oveiseer. ¦
A. B. 1P2, B. Collins— Amending section 634 of
the Penal Code as to how findings may be
waived.
A. B. 103. B. Collins— Amending section 3S39 of
the Political Code relating to polltax.
A. B. 104. B. Collins— Appropriating 1374 45 for
tht* forestry station at Chlco.
A. B. 105, Macbeth— Repealing sections 1357
and 13S3 of the Political Code relating to the
election laws.
A. B. 106, Macbeth— Relating to primary elec-
A.*B. 107, Macbeth-Amending section IMS of
the Political Code relating to nominations other
than by conventions."
A. B. 1CS, Macbeth— Relating to party con
ventions.
A. B. 109. Macbeth— Amending section 1186 of
the Political Code relating to nominations.
A. B. 110. Macbeth — Amending section 1113 of
the: Political Code.
A. B. 111. James— Providing for and regulat
ing admission to practice and the practice of
attorneys and counselors in the court* of Call-*
fornia. ' ' ' '
A B 112 James — Providing for and author
\r\\\Z the nominatlns of candidates for public,
elective off.ccH by a iHrcct vote of the people.
A. H. 113. .lame? — Ame/iuinff the Irrigation act
A* B • 114. James— Amending section <W of the
Code of civil Procedure relating to exemptions
from rxfr-uticn.
A B 115. Jamen— Amendltw the act of 1ST5
regulating contracts on- behalf of the State in
relation to erection of buildings, .approved
March 23, IS7«.
A. B. 116. Levlnson— Relating to the protec-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to horses or other animals except for medical
purposes.
Pe-iate constitutional Amendment No. 5. Sims
—Providing' for appointment of State Normal
School Trustees.
S. B. 14C. Leavltt— To amend the Code of
Civil Procedure, relating to appeals from Jus
i tices' and police courts to Superior Courts.
S. B. 147, Taylor— Providing matrons for city
jails.
S. n. US, Taylor— To amend county govern
ment act.
! S. B. 149. Byrnes — To pay the claim of John
Dullp.
S. B. 150, Simpson— Relating to street rail
road franchises.
S. B. 131, Simpson— Defining investment com
panies.
S. B. 152, Selvage — Relating to liens on real
property.
LuchMnger— Senate committee — Amendment
No 6 — Relating to city charters.
S. B. 153. «I>avis — Amending the county gov
ernment act.
S. B. 154, Smith of Kern— Appropriating
money to print the reports of the Attorney
General.
Gives the State Two Per Cent of Gross
Receipts of Public Utilities.
MEASURE REGULATING
SALE OF FRANCHISES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AVALANCHE OF BILLS
IN THE ASSEMBLY
Two Hundred and Twelve Measures
the Day's Total Output
ALDEN ANDERSON RESIGNS CHAIRMANSHIP OF ASSEMBLY
COMMITTEE ON COMMISSIONS AND PUBLIC EXPENDITURES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
2
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Erctno-Qulnir.e Tablet*. •STOCKTON. Jan. 11. — The negro burglar
Robinson, who was arrested here a few
days ago while leaving town with a lot
of stolen property, sawed through the
bars in his steel cell In the County Jail
this afternoon, and would have escaped
during the night If he had not been dis
covered at his work. How he smuggled
a saw into Jail is bothering: the Jailers.
Robinson was In court to-day, and It is
believed he carried the saw back with
him.
Saws Through Cell Bars.
advices received by the steamer Empress
of Japan a passenger boat on the Canton
River foundered on December 10. after
striking a rock, and cf the 500 Chinese on
board 100 were drowned. The passengers
ran to one side of the boat, causing It to
turn completely over.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan.- IL— According to
DISASTER ON" CA2TTO1T BIVER.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— PostofflceB dis
continued: California— Castle Crag. Shas
ta Countv: send mall to Caatella. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara County; send mail to Al
catraz Landing.
Postmasters commissioned: Washington
— Lonville. L. Austin. Edmonds; Georeo
M. Hubbard, Crlvtz.
Pensions issued: California— Additional-
George B. Chapman. San Diego. $S. In
crease — Thomas S. Allen. Berkeley, $3;
Emil Schmidt. Stockton, $10; George W.
Kelley. Veterans' Home, Napa, $8; Ed
ward S. Butler. San Jose. $10; Albert J.
Miller, San Diego. $12; William Happn.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12. Mexican
war survivors. Increase— Reuben H. How
ser, Wheatland, $12.
Oregon— Increase— Ebenezer N. Coleman.
Klamath Falls, $12: George M. Wright.
Ashland, $10. Original widows— Sarah J.
McN'utt, Forest Grove. JS.
Washington— Increase — Robert Dunscn,
Sumas, $10.
Naval orders — Lieutenant Commander
A. P. Osborne (retired), services not re
quired in the hydrographic office at San
Francisco. Ensign D. W. Todd to take
examination for promotion at the Mare
Island navy yard. Lieutenant Comman
der H. Allderdlce. Asiatic station, de
tached from the Glacier to the Newark.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 11.— That Eobprt 9to!K
who yesterday killed his daughter and
himself, contemplated murdering his en
tire family is evidenced by statements he
made to friends around the city. In the
last couple of weeks he has declared sev
eral times he would kill himself and his
family. Several weeks ago he attempted
to kill Mrs. Stolle because she refused to
give him some money. At that time he
fired a shot at her in the house, but
missed. Before he could use his revolver
again the woman rushed from the build
ing and remained away from home for
several days.
Mrs. Stolle, who waa prostrated by th©
news of the tragedy yesterday, said to-day
in an interview that she haa been In con
stant fear lor the lives of herself and,
daughter for several weeks.
ot"f, nre .? t3 a^'nst our lives." said Mrs.
btolle. were of almost dally occurrence
* or some time my huaband had beeii
making frequent demands upon me for
money. He would ask for sums of }3) and
more, and insisted on having them under
penalty of shooting me and killing my
daughter. 1 granted these requests out
?l «f£ J m aorry 1 did not ve bim
the $125 he demanded, for it might havd
saved my daughter's life. When my
daughter made to me and my friends the
confession of her father's guilt and he
learned that I had such knowledge he
threatened to kill us all and set the bouw
on tire.
Stolle tried to inveigle his wife back to
her home on Tuesday afternoon. It i3
believed he then had the tragedy planned
and meant to get her back to kill her. Ho
telephoned to Mrs. Stolle several times
and asked her to return to him. She re
fused to see him unless he gave up his
weapon to friends. He then proposed that
she come home and he would call in
friends and in her presence give them hia
revolver. Mrs. Stolle accused him of try-
Ing to deceive her and he became enraged
and told her over the phone that if «h©
did not come home he would call at Mrs
Garvey's house and kill her.
Mrs. Stolle believes that her husband
held the £lr! a prisoner in the house all
Tuesday and Wednesday.
"During Tuesday afternoon and even-
Ing, said Mrs. Stolie to-day, "some of
my friends and I tried to telephone to
Bertha to beg her to escape if she possi
bly could from her father. Her father
was there, and when he knew we were
talking to her he suddenly cut off the
telephone communication. I have no doubt
that he then had all the doors locked and
that she was a prisoner awaiting his sen
tence of d«ith, and escape for her was
Impossible."
The bodies of Stolle and his daughter
are still at the morgue, and will be buried
to-morrow afternoon. They have been
put Into plain but pood caskets and Ue
Fide by side. A wreath of smiiax and
lilies of the valley waa placed on the
breast of the dead girl.
The girl's life was insured for COO. This
policy was issued some months ago and
was payable to her mother.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Days Before Her Unnat
ural Parent Ends Her
Life.
Wife of San Jose Murderer
Refuses to Be Enticed
Home.
Daughter Is Kept a Prisoner for
CHEATS STOLLE
OF ONE VICTIM
JOHU R. MOTT TAI^KS
TO STANFOBD STUDENTS
Says College Men Are, Subject to
Greater Temptations Than
Any Other Class.
STANFORD TTNIVERSITT, Jan. 11.—
John R. Mott. secretary of the World's
Student Christian Federation, addressed
the men of Stanford University to-night
in the Assembly Hall on "The Battle
Ground of Student Life." Dr. Jordan pre
sided and .introduced Mr. Mott. He said
that he had known Mr. Mott as a Cornell
man and had hopes of knowing bJm as a
Stanford man.
Mr. Mott said that college men were
subject to greater temptations than any
other class. The habits formed by a man
while in college made or marred his after
life.
It is a well-known fact that Mr. Mott
was offered a professorship at Stanford.
He also has been offered professorships at
other universities and has been sought
for even the presidency'in one of the large
Eastern universities, but he has declined
all these offers for the sake of his larger
work. Without doubt he wields a greater
Influence upon college students than any
man In the world to-day.
Certain changes and increases in the
Signal Corps furnished a text for the ob
structionists and they proceeded to make
the most of the opportunity. All efforts
and propositions looking to an agreement
to take a final vote on the bill this week
have failed and the army bill will prob
ably occupy the time of the Senate durlnt,
the greater part of next week. /
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— One of the
surprises of the day in the Senate was the
adoption of an amendment proposed by
Senator Daniel of Virginia, f-hich permits
the designation of officers of the volun
teer service with the rank of captain for
appointment to the regular army.
Under a previous deal between the Re
publican leaders in the Senate and certain
Democratic Senators, who were inclined to
oppose the bill on general principles, 'A
was agreed that officers of the volunteer
army might enter the regular army at the
rank of first and second lieutenants. That
concession was very gratifying to a num
ber of Democratic Senators and it was be
lieved that it was satisfactory all around.
Senator Daniel's amendment makes It
possible for officers of tne volunteer ser
vice to be admitted to the regular army
with the rank of captain. There waa »
somewhat feeble opposition to the Daniel's
amendment and it was adopted by the very
close vote of 24 to 22. Those who are ex
perts in detecting legislative Jugglery as
sert that the Daniel amendment was per
mitted to go Into the bill without serious
contention with an understanding among
the Republican leaders that It shall be
knocked out in conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Amendment to Army
Bill Adopted by Close
Vote.
DANIEL SCORES
SIGNAL VICTORY
We. have the prettiest lot of ready
framed pictures In Flemish, old* Dutch,
ebony and gold that we have ever shown.
Also fine lamps, brass tables and statu
ary. Prices reasonable. - Sanborn, .Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . •
Ready-Framed Pictures.
MARTINEZ. Jan. 11.— The Board of.Su
pervisors of Contra Costa County to-day
appointed R. H. I^atlmer District Attor
ney, as successor to the late C. Y. Brown.
Latimer Gets an Office.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 11.— The con
tractors on the San Pedro harbor im
provements fired a blast of ten tons of
dynamite to-day at the Declez quarries,
twelve miles from this city, the concus
sion being felt here. Two hundred thou-»
sand tons of rock was broken ready. for
loading on the cars. Trains on the South
ern Pacific road were stopped ten miles
away from the explosion for fear of dam
age, j
Monster Blast Touched Off.
test as Senator McBride's
Opponent.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. ll.-The regular
biennial session of the Oregon Legislature
will convene at Salem on Monday next.
The most Important' matter to come be
fore the Legislature will be the election
<5f a United States Senator to succeed
George \V. McBride. The Legislature,
which Is overwhelmingly Republican in
both houses, will begin balloting for Sen
ator In separate session one week from
Tuesday, provided an organisation be ef
fected before next Tuesday.
Senator McBride Is on the cround con
ducting his own canvass for re-election.
Ex-Senator W. H. Corbett has also pub
licly announced his candidacy. Neither
claims to have a sufficient number of
votes to elect, and the indications, at pres
ent are for a protracted struggle. A call
for a caucus Is being circulated, but up to
this time less than thirty members have
signed It. It requires forty-six to elect,
and unless that number of signatures is
obtained the caucus probably will not be
called.
Ex-Senator W. H. Corbett In the Con-
OREGON'S SENATORIAL
FIGHT DRAWING ITEAIt
MANILA, Jan. 11.— Captain Joseph P.
O'Neil of .the Twenty-fifth Infantry re
ports that he had a. conference at San
Antonio with leading citizens of the prov
ince of Zambeles, at the conclusion of
which the citizens unanimously resolved
to send an ultimatum to the Insurgents
notifying: them that owing to the strict
observance by the American army of the
provisions of General MacArthur's proc
lamation they would give no further as
sistance to the insurgents.
Will Not Aid Insurgents.
dered by Judge Hyland to-day sustaining
th# classification committee of the City
Board cf Education in the dismissal of ten
of the teachers of th»» School Department
last summer. Miss Fannie Stockton, one
of those deposed, brought suit for rein-
FtaT^ment on the ground that the commit
tee had not complied with the charter in
that it had dismissed her without cause.
The court hf-ld that the action of the com
mittee was lffra\.
Decision Against a Teacher.
PAN JOS
PAN* JOSE. Jan. 11.— A decision was ren-
whole ¦week and others for two or three
Cays. The passengers were largely school
children and people going home for the
holidays.
School Children and Pleasure-Seeker3
Without Food in Southwest
ern Russia.
FT. PETERSBURG. Jan. 1L— Dispatches
from Sebastopol depict the sufferings of
3000 Fr.owbour.d passengers on ten trains
throughout th«? southwest as being ex
treme. One train was inaccessible for a
PASSENGERS SUi-b'-blt.
ON SNOWBOUND TEAINS
The following Californians are in New
York: San Francisco— Miss L. Bancroft,
Mrs. H. H. Bancroft, at Westminster; J.
F. English. Miss M. B. English, at St.
Denis; F. M. Farrar, at Netherland. O.
Abbott, at Broadway Central: A. H. Steel,
at Holland: Miss Blake, at St. Denis: D.
Libby Jr.. at Astor; G. Homage. Stockton,
at Normandle.
Ofndal statistics of the foreign trade of
the port of New York for the calendar
year of 1900 show an increase In the ag
rregate movement of merchandise to the
extent of over $67,000,000. The Increase In
1S93 over 1898 was about $17,000,000. Imports
of merchandise were $019,459,801, and ex
ports $541,054,544. Specie Imports were $29,
204.959. and specie exports $102,943,891. the
latter being a material gain over last year.
Calif ornians in New York.
It was just about a year ago that Miss
Condit Smith, in response to an Invitation
from her sister, wife of Lieutenant Keyes
of the navy, then stationed in Yokohama,
determined to leave this country and
travel in the Orient, it was after a visit
to Lieutenant and Mrs. Keyes that she ac
companied Mr. and Mrs. Squires to
Peking. She stayed with them at the ol j
temple on the great wall of China, nfteen
miles distant from Peking, from which
place the two women were rescued just
In time to save them from the Boxers and
conveyed to the British legation in Peking.
As soon as they were rescued Miss Condit
Smith started for her home in Washington
and arrived less than a fortnight ago, be
ing met In New York by Sergeant Hooker.
Big Sales of Coffee.
At the annual meeting of the New York
Coffee Exchange President Taylor report
ed that the past year has shown a very
marked Improvement in the business
transacted upon the exchange. The total
recorded sales amounted to 7,442,250 bags,
or over 3,000,000 bags more than in the pre
vious year. This is the largest business
recorded since 1831. It is further reported
that a movement that meets with general
favor is the decision of the tooard of man
agers to abolish the present system of
separate sets of Rio and Santos standards
and to establish In their place single ex
change standards from numbers 1 to 9,
upon which all coffee deliverable upon the
exchange shall be graded. The first tea
call of the exchange will be held on Janu-
Foreign Trade of New York.
Altogether the story of the love match
Is lively in detail. The young people have
known each o.vfcex since childhood. Ser
geant Hooker is the son of Mrs. Bessie
Stewart Hooker and grandson of Senator
Stewart of Nevada. In 1S97, when the
Klondike gold fever started the marine
went to the Klondike, where he remained
for about a year. Disposing of his outfit
and claim to advantage he came back to
civilization just at the outbreak of the
SpaniEh-Axnerlcan war, and it wasn't long
before he succeeded, with his grandfath
er's influence, in getting an appointmept
in the Marine Corps.
NEW YORK, Jan. 1L— "The cards an
nouncing the engagement between Miss
Mary Condit Smith and myself are being
printed." said Richard Stewart Hooker, In
an interview. "We are to be married In
February," he continued. "I believe the
President and Secretary Long are to be
present. I would prefer a quieter wed
ding, I think, as I'm rather bashful. It
was my love of army and navy life that
led me to enlist in the marines."
Love Match of Miss Mary
Condit Smith and Rich
ard Stewart Hooker.
BETROTHAL AFTER
MANY ADVENTURES
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11.— San Fran
ciscans who arrived to-night iden
tified the body of a young man who
committed suicide on the river bank
south of the city this morning as
that of "Jack" Robinson. He was recent
ly employed in the Russ House. Robin
eon came from the East not long ago and
was employed by railroad ticket agent
McCord of Market street. He disappeared
about two weeks ago. The cause of his
act is not known, except he was out of
money.
The Anchor line steamship Ethiopia.
Captain McKenzle. from Glasgow for New
Yor«c via Moville, which went ashore on
Holy Island, in the Firth of Clyde, has
been floated and returned to Glasgow.
A "Weimar special says: The obsequies
to-day of the Grand Duke Charles Alex
ander of Saxe-Welmar, who died January
5. were imposing. The ceremonies were
attended by representatives of Emperor
William, the foreign courts and numerous
military and other deputations.
Steamer Ethiopia Floated.
A Copenhagen special say*: The nego
tiations for the sale of the Danish West
Indies to the United States are seemingly
approaching a settlement. The matter
has been placed In the hands of the
Finance Committee of the Rigsdag with
the view of arranging the difference in
the price asked and offered. The Kins
and Ministry are in favor of the sale, but
final action may be delayed by powerful
opposition both in the Islands andhere.
Imposing Obsequies.
The basis of a report of an attempted
assassination of the rnnce of Wales
turns out to be that a harmless foreign
musician followed the Prince Wednesday
when he was returning from shooting on
the Duke of Devonshire's estate The
stranger ran when detectives went to
ward him. He eluded them, but was iden
tified later.
Sale of Danish. West Indies. ¦*_
The entertainment was noticeable for
the absence of the great leaders of so
ciety who in former years nocked to Mr.
Astor's musicales In Carlton House Ter
race and to the summer house parties at
Cliveden. Most of the great leaders of
society are at Chatsworth. the Duke of
Devonshire s country house, this week,
where the Prince of -Wales is the guest
of honor, and amateur theatricals, with
society men and women in the leading
roles, will be civen. One hundred and
fifty of Mr. Astor-s guests came from the
country around Cliveden. Taplow, Mar
lowe and Maidenhead, where many of the
so-called aristocratic country families
live. Mr. Astor's nearest neighbor Is W.
,J*l el h wnosie family are warm per
sonal friends of royalty. They were his
leading guests. Fifty persons went down
from London in a special train and thirty
of them remain as guests at Cliveden
Astor's house is guarded more than a
prince s. The entire week he has been de
voted to preparing the house to make the
scene as brilliant as possible. Every one
of the ninety-live rooms has been touched
up and many entirely refurnished. The
decorator's art was lavished chiefly on
the great hall, which is Mr. Astor's pride.
Supper was served at 11 o'clock and the
dancing continued until 2.
Followed the Prince of Wales.
LONDON. Jan. 11.— William Waldorf
Astor gave a ball last night at Cliveden,
his magnificent country place on the
banks of the Thames, twenty-five miles
from London. There were 200 guests.
This ball was the formal introduction Into
society of Miss Pauline Astor and Wal
dorf Astor Jr., who recently became of
age. Miss Astor acted as hostess and re
ceived the guests, with her father on one
side and her brother on the other. %
Brilliant Ball at Cliveden
on the Banks of the
Thames.
WILLIAM WALDORF
ASTOR'S FUNCTION
In one of the pockets of Robinson's
clothing was found the portrait of a
young crirl whose features resemble those
of the suicide. The photograph was taken
by Fowser at 337 Hayes street, San Fran
cisco. There was also a lock of auburn
hair and a pool ticket bought at Harry
Corbett's place.
Robinson's body was found this morn
ing on the river bank, opposite George
Quint's place, on the Riverside road. By
its side lay a 3S-caliber revolver with a
shell exploded. A ragged hole in the
young man's right temple told the story
of suicide.
Special Dispatch to Tne CalL
"JACK" ROBINSON, THE SACRAMENTO SUICIDE. AND THE YOUNG
WOMAN'S PORTRAIT FOUND IN A POCKET OF THE UNFORTU
NATE YOUNG MAN'S CLOTHING.
"Had it not been that African slavery
was involved," Mr. Carlisle said In con
clusion, "there would have been no dis
sent from the decision In the Dred Scott
case. Now we have a case with tfce ne
gro eliminated. We have a case wher*
citizens are taking their property Into the
territory of the United States, but in
which there Is no conflicting point like
slavery. The conditions are changed.
Then the unlimited .power ; of Congress
was urged by the advocates of slavery;
now It is urged by the advocates of free
dom. If It is true that there lies this ar
bitrary power in the constitution, wo
should be delighted that it was not dis
covered for more than 100 years, until we
had a great country made up of free
States and filled with free people."
He did not believe that the.framers of
the . constitution ever . meant to srive to
Congress unlimited power over the lives
and property of the people.
When Mr. Carlisle concluded. Senator
Lindsay of Kentucky began the argument
for the , plaintiff in | the next of the ¦ Porto
Rican cases; those of Huas. versus the
New York and Porto Rico Steamship
Company. ¦¦ .. .
The case Is one Involving the auestlon
of whether or not Congress had the right
to : make the trade .with the Island coast
ing trade or foreign tiade.'
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— To-day a vig
orous attack was made upon that portion
of the army reqrganizatlon bill which
confers upon the 'President discretionary
power to Increase the strength of the
army to the maximum limit fixed by the
bill. Bacon began the attack and Platt
of Connecticut, replying maintained that
discretionary power ought to be conferred
upon the President, and expressed aston
ishment that anybody should entertain a
fear that the power ever would be abutted.
Bacon declared he would rather see his
party condemned to universal and never
ending banishment from political power
man to see such authority placed in the
hands of the President. An amendment
opening the way to the appointment
of volunteer officers to grades as high as
captain in the regular army was adopted.
Carter of Montana called up the bill
apportioning the Representatives of the
United States among the several States.
Without debate, it was passed precisely
as It came from tne House. It now goes
to the President for his signature.
Only seventeen Senators appeared on the
floor at the opening of to-day's session.
The prevailing epidemic of the grip and
the Inclement weather accounted for the
absence of many.
Carter, chairman of the Committee on
Census, reported favorably the bill passed
by the House making an apportionment
of Representatives in the House among
the States of the Union. The Senate com
mittee had made no amendments to the
bill as passed by uie House. In view of
the importance of the measure, Carter
asked for immediate consideration of it.
Hawley, fearing tnat its consideration
might interfere with the army reorgan
ization bill, was inclined to object, but
was prevailed upon to withhold his ob
jection. . .
At the conclusion of the reading of the
measure, Pettus of Alabama objected to
Its further consideration, and it went
over.
The resolution offered by Teller of Colo
rado providing for the printing of the Fil
ipino appeal, presented yesterday, was by
consent laid over until next Monday.
Consideration then was resumed of the
army reorganization bill. Hawley, chair
man of the Committee on Military Affairs,
withdrew the committee amendment to
section 31 of the new bill, providing for
the retirement of officers, on the active
list of the army.
Senator Teller also withdrew his amend
ment to that section. Hoar of Massachu
setts formally offered the amendment of
which he had heretofore given notice, pro
viding that no further military force shall
be used in the Philippines, except such as
may be necessary to keep order In places
in the peaceable occupation of the United
States, etc.
Carter moved that the amendment be
laid on the table. The motion prevailed,
32 to 19.
Pettlgrew's amendment providing that
one-third of the appointments to commis
sioned rank In the regular army should
be made from officers of the volunteer
army— the amendment which was under
discussion when the Senate adjourned last
evening— was defeated, 33 to 16. /
Bacon moved to strike out the provision
that the President in his discretion may
increase the number of corporals In any
troop of cavalry to eight and the number
of privates to seventy-six.
In- response to a question by Berry of
Arkansas Platt said he feared the pending
bill did not confer upon the President the
authority to increase the army from
68,000 to 100,000 at any time. That power,
he thought, ought to bo conferred upon
the President.
Hoar thought an army of 100.000 at pres
ent would not make the executive more
formidable than he was made by an army
of 25,000 when that limit was fixed. He
did not regard an army of 100,000 as a
menace, as that number, in his judgment,
was far within the limit ot domestlo
safety to liberty. The bill. In addition,
authorized the . President to reduce the
number of, the army still lower," but on
account of the use to be mado of the army
he. would have to vote against the bill.
The army bill was then laid aside and the
reapportlonment bill passed without ob
jection.
The Senate then at 4:55 p. m. went Into
executive session and soon adjourned.
must follow every power."
The power of Congress to legislate must
be subject to all the limitations of the
constitution.
Says It Places Dangerous
Power in the Hands of
the President.
BACON ATTACKS
THE ARMY BILL
AMONG the most important mar
riages to take place this coming
summer will be that of Miss Jen
nie M. Graham and Frederick F.
Runyon. both of whom, are favor
ites in the younger social set of this city
and Marln County. The engagement of
the young couple was recently announced
and their many friends have overwhelmed
them with congratulation's.
Miss Graham, who is a beautiful and
talented girl, is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Irvine Graham of 1716 Vallejo street.
and the young lady's charming disposi
tion has endeared her to all who know
her.
• The gentleman to whom Miss Graham
has plighted her troth is. a well-known
young business man and is connected with
the firm of Blake. Moffltt & Towne. He
is a brother of Charles F. Runyon, sec
retary of the Goodyear Rubber Company
and vice president of the Western Ex
panded Metal Works.
When the engaged couple start on life's
journey together they will do so with the
well wishes of hosts of friends.
i-m-m-i-k -I- ¦!¦•!¦ •; i- : : i ; i : : m-h--i- ©
PROMINENT YOUNG MEMBERS OF THE SOCIAL. SET WHO HAVE
PLIGHTED THEIR TROTH AND ANNOUNCE THEIR WEDDING TO
TAKE PLACE IX THE SUMMER.
CALL BUREAU. 1V.*S G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON*. Jan. 11.— The mem
bers of the California Congressional dele
gation to-day received telegrams from all
of the sugar* companies doing business in
California, asking them to make an ef
fort to have Secretary of the Treasury
Gape countermand r.is ruling of last
April. suspending th« collection of coun
tervailing duties upon Russian sugar Im
ported Into this country. The California
eugar companies represented that the
Busper-slon cf countervailing duties has
hurt their business, a. great deal of Rus
clan Eucar comes into the United States,
r-early all cf It, however, comics: through
Germany.
Upon the receipt of the telegrams. Rep
resentatives Bargain, Needham, Waters,
Metcalf and Woods held a meeting and
decided to draw up a memorial to the
Secretary of the Treasury, to be Bigned
by all the members ol the California deie
eaticn. The memorial is ajj follows:
••Hon. Lrvman J. Gage, Secretary of the
Treasury— Dear Sir: At tne earned re
quest of all the beet-sugar producers of
t.ie State cf California, we respectfully
urge that the ruling marie on April 20.
1»j, suspending the countervailing duties
on Russian eugar, be withdrawn, as the
Eame operates greatly to t;ie detriment of
sugar industries in said State. The com
panies affected by said rulii:g are the fol
lowing: The Spreckels Sugar Company,
the American Beet cugar Company, the
Alameda Sugar Company. *he L'nion Su
gar Company, the California and Hawai
ian Sugar Reftnlngr Company, and the Los
Alamos Sugar Company."
This memorial, a^ter having been signed
by <everv member of the delegation, was
presented to the Secr«-tary of the Treas
ury this afternoon by Kepresentativea
Barnaul, Needham, Aleicalf. Waters and
Woods.
These gemiemcri presented the Califor
nia side cf the case to the Secretary, aud
he explained to them haw he came to is
sue his order. The Secretary said that if
any cour.;ry paid bounty upon goods ex
ported to the United fctates, he had a
right ur.dcr the law to discriminate
eg-air.st these goods. If no bounty Is paid
there can be no discrimination.
The Russian Government claims that it
pays no bounty, directly or indirectly, up
or. sugars. It is a fact, however, that the
IU:.-=siar. Government absolutely controls
The manufacture and sale of sugar in
Russia. It lixes the maximum price at
which sugar shall be cold in that country
a.nd provides that a reserve supply shall
ilnyi be kept on nand. In the event,
however, of overproduction, and if it be
comes necessary to «port the sugar to
other countries, the Government then
fixes an export duty to be paid upon such
exportation of sugar.
The result of all this is that the Govern
ment can say how mucn or how little su
par shall be sold, the price at which it
Fha'il be sold and everything appertaining
to the business.
So. while no dfrect bounty may be paid
by the Government, tbe sugar combina
tion collects what amounts to a bounty
by reason of the Government's setting
the price. The poir.t for the Secretary to
decide !s whether this constitutes a boun
ty. The matter has be«?n discussed by the
Cabinet, and the propctition has also been
submitted to the Attorney-General for his
opinion. Mr. Gaire told the members of
the delegation that a conclusion would
rrobahly be reached In three or four days.
The decision of the Secretary of th*
Treasury. wh*>n mace, will be final, from
which no appeal can be made, and f^r
that reason he is givirg it careful con
eideratlon.
• |
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Californian Delegation Takes Up the
Matter and Careful Consideration
and Early Ruling Aro
Promised.
Appeal to Secretary Gage
to Rescind His Former
Action.
SUGAR MAKERS
SEEK RELIEF
"We deny," he went on, "that Congress
has any right to impose any such tax up
on the trade between the States and Ter
ritories. Congress may regulate com
merce and may govern the territory, but
under the guise of governing that terri
tory may not govern the States of New
York or Pennsylvania.'- When It places a
tax upon the goods taken to Porto Rico
it is governing the State. The limitation
That the tax levied is a local tax was
denied, but it was denominated a tax for
local purposes.
Mr. Carlisle read the portions of the
Porto Rican act establishing the rates of
duty and disposition of the moneys col*
lected as a basis foP his complete argu
ment, and said the court would see that
on all goods from the United States to
Porto Rico there should be levied 15 per
cent of duties on foreign goods, with the
internal revenue of Porto Rico added, and
that goods from Porto Rico to the United
States enter upon the payment of 15 per
cent of customs, with Internal revenue
only added when the, goods are of Porto
Rican manufacture; while goods from
other countries paying the Porto Rico In
ternal revenue may come Into this coun
try without any internal revenue tax.
"We Insist," he added, "that this is not
the import duty. We object to the form
under which the Government seized our
goods and held them on their arrival at
Porto Rico until we paid them tribute in
the form of a tax."
An import Is something, he said, coming
from a foreign countrv. Porto Rico can
not be a foreign country, for Its courts
'send appeals to this body. This is, there
fore, not an import tax. but an export tax
upon goods sent out of these States, and
there are two specifications against sucn
export duties. . Opinions of the court wero
read to show that the tribunal had held
that no duty might be paid from one
State to another, as to a foreign country.
Argument was made that the tax was an
export tax and as such in direct violation
of the constitution of the United States
This tax, Mr. Carlisle said, which under
this law is Just as general as a tariff law,
is said to be a local tax. It is collected
everywhere, In every State and Territory
How can It be called local? Is the fact
that the proceeds of this tax are to be
used' for certain purposes of that conse
quence that the tax is laid first and ap
propriated afterward proof that this
is a local tax? More than half the gen
eral duties are, he said, collected at New
York, yet It Is not a local tax. but a tax
the proceeds of which may be used every
where.
Mr. Carlisle undertook to show that
both direct and indirect taxes had been
laid upon States and Territories alike, and
duties had been laid upon Imports into
Territories as well as States. Under the
contention of the Government that Terri
tories were not part of the United States
it might be taken that goods could go
free from Porto Rico to Alaska; but this
was not the case, for the same duties are
charged on goods from a Territory going
to Porto Rico as from a State.
On the point that the Territories were
not a part of the United States, Mr. Car
lisle read a history of the framing of the
constitution, showing that first it was the
Intention that "all acts and treaties"
should be the supreme law of the land.
This was before the word "constitution"
had been introduced, and he took it to
mean that it was the intention to have
the constitution apply to all parts of the
country, whether in the States or simply
in territory belonging to them.
Mr. Carlisle nryued that the constitution
must be interpreted as a whole and must
enable the Government to accomplish all
the purposes for which it- was framed.
It must be considered as an entirety, to
which all the agents of the Government
must look for power. International law,
he said, could not govern any agent of
this Government, but the court could look
to It for defining what the constitution
means. There would be two constitu
tions, he said, in the interpretation of the
counsel on the other side, one -for the
States and defining the powers and caring
for the rights of citizens, and the other
for the Territories. Riving no rights. Upon
the constitution there has been construct
ed a comprehensive system of laws gov
erning all the States and Territories, and
from the first Congress has made uniform
laws for tram's between States and Ter
ritories, as well as extradition, bank
ruptcy and naturalization laws. On the
latter point he paid that in the interpreta
tion of the Government there were sitting
courts outside the United States in a Ter
ritory granting citizenship in the United
States to a resident upon five years' in
habitation of a Territory outside the
United States.
Justice "White asked if the President
might acquire territory without the
consent of the treaty-making power, but
Mr. Carlisle said he was arguing that
peace obtained after the signing of the
protocol, that there was then no war,
and that the President could only create
a de facto government and have it gov
erned. While the constitution imposed
the duty upon Congress of regulating
commerce, yet since the signing of the
peace protocol the President, he said, has
exercised the powers of assessing duties
and carrying out all the duties of Con
gress. Mr. Carlisle said, the real ques
tion was not whether the constitution ex
tended to the inhabitants of Porto Rico,
but whether it extends over the Con
gress, the President and the Cabinet. The
contention is that the constitution pro
tects every person in the land in his per
sonal and property rights of the citizen.
When a Government takes from one man
more than it should, It is not taxation, but
it is taking his property without due pro
cess of law and giving him no compen
sation for It- .
Mr. Carlisle lirst took up the conditions
which led to the taking of the island and
read from proclamations of Generals Miles
and Wilson to show that the occupation
was meant to be permanent. The cession
of the island by Spain, he said, was com
plete and had been acknowledged by all
nations.
Hon. John G. Carlisle, chief attorney for
the plaintiffs, followed . Mr. Griggs. He
began by. saying that he would not discuss
questions ot policy, as they belonged to
another forum. The questions were to be
settled only on the constitution. He said
he had been as yet unable to form an
opinion as to the exact contention of the
Government. First, however, he believed
the contention was that the island of
Port6 Rico did not become a part of the
United States either on the signing of the
protocol or the ratification of the treaty of
Paris; that there was a condition existing
which placed the islands under the gen
eral protection and jurisdiction of the
United States, subject to certain limita
tions: that during a period between the
acquisition of the Territory and the pas
sage of laws by Congress the island might
be governed by the President, subject to
the laws of war, and that the island did
not become a part of the United States
until admitted by Congress, and until such
time as Congress may legislate for the
islands. From this it is argued, he said,
that, the islands not being a part of the
United States, Congress has a right to say
what taxes may be levied and collected. „
The Attorney General concluded by in
sisting that no private right would be con
served, but that the rights of the Govern
ment would be hampered, by the success
of the contention of the plaintiffs.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— Attorney Gen
eral Grlg-gs resumed his argument before
the United States Supreme Court to-day,
continuing his statement of the position
of the Government as to. the rule of uni
formity In tariff and internal revenue
taxes. He insisted that the application
of the internal revenue laws to Porto Rico
would be unwise and in many places un
profitable. A rule of uniformity In Inter
nal revenue taxes, he said, could be estab
lished when to be applied to contiguous
SStates, as the States were governed by
similar laws and similar conditions. But
when it came to applying these taxes to
widely separated territories inhabited by
polyglot races, a wide discretion was nec
essary and to endeavor to apply a system
of Internal taxes would be rather apply
ing a straitjaefcet than a constitution.
So, he said, the correct rule required ua
to consider the uniformity of the States,
but diversity was the necessary rule as to
Territories because of diversity as to
geography and racial characteristics ob
servable in the Territories.-
Attorney . General Says Victory for
Plaintiffs in Porto Rican Cases
Would Hamper Govern
ment.
Gnggs and Carlisle Ex
press Opinions on the
Subject.
CONGRESS' RIGHT
TO LEVY TAXES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12. 1901.
Body of a Sacramento Suicide Is Identified as
That of "Jack" Robinson.
SAN FRANCISCAN ENDS
LIFE WITH A BULLET
JENNIE M. GRAHAM WILL
MARRY IN SUMMER TIME
Frederick F. Runyon is the Man Who Has
Won the Heart of the Maid.
3
For a Cold In theHeai."
Laxative Iirorao-CJulrJna Tablets. "
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure e? Gonorrhoea, Gleots,
Stricture* and analogous complaints
of the Orttfl* of Generation.
Price tl a. bottle. For sal* by druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Looks irsore attractive than housework
for a ifoman, but it is also even more
exhausting. The work is often done
under high pressure, and the brightness
cf the eyes and the 1
flushed cheeks of jjgMJk l£i^3P
the attentive clerkjg!fp|pr pyS/^
indicate nervous- fe * {8fA ty'fp-
cess rather than j§jifi§' \ * u -''jf^*~'
health. If this is H^^^r^i^-P "
true under rao^tV^^^C^-Efe^
fa vorabl e condi- V f \\\jUX PP w *¦
tions, -what shall be fs/ ( /So '.*.•") »Cr
*aid of those o [''/^//;V,t/ IR--
suffer from woman- tv^AJF* rjj tU^
ly diseases, and who V/:''*/'. 1 '^- !lM~l v
endure headache, liT/?t*^i^^~^-^^ c^*
No sick -woman K|$H$g I
ihould neg'trct the {§$£*$$!
rr^cans of cjre for Kj£2J3KJ| ° 3
womanly diseases KHBSwS
offered in Doctor |ffi|Wl
Pierce's Favorite H^*S||b.
Prescription. It RftyJrS^gyjSK
regulates the peri- tfMltm'fKra
ods, dries enfeebl- ft9|rai!p3Q»m
ing drains, heals
inflammation and HraBMrBMBMBfy
ulceration, and WrrnFillffr ,
cures female weakness. It makes weak
women strong and sick women welL
"A heart over&ovring with gratitude, as well
as a sense of duty, urge* me to write to yon and
tell you of ray wonderful recovery," says Miss
Corinnc C. Hoolc, Orangvburg. Orangcbur^ Co..
South Carolina. "By the use of Dr. Piercc's
Favorite Prescription I am entirely a new being
compared with the poor miserable sufferer who
wrote you four months ago. I remark to my
parents almost every dar that it •rezns almost
111 imposslbi!itj for medicine to do a perion so
jnncfc good. During the whole summer I could
ncarcclT keep up to walk about the house, and
vetterday I walked four miles and felt better
Jrom the exercise. I now weigh 125 pounds.
Mine was a complicated caae of female disease
is its worst farm."
Doctor Pierce'a Pleaaal Pellets cure
biliousness.
Why a Cold Kills
At this season of the year coughs and
colds are prevalent because of a lowered
vitality. The cold does not yield and too
often pneumonia aupervenes. "Eventhen," i
says a high authority on this disease, " pneu*
monia does not ordinarily prove fatal except
in tne case of very old or very young people.
The danger arises when it is complicated by
. heart or Kfdney disease." This is the secret
• of the ravages of pneumonia. If the body ba
strong and the blood pure an ordinary cold is
immediately thrown off, but when the bodily
vigor is weakened by excessive worh, worry T
or grief and the blood is vitiated by acid /,
(which the kidneys ought to and will remove
when healthy, 'the'dread pneumonia too often *
claims its victim. If the blood be kept pure
by the use of that great kidney specific,
Warner's Safe Cure, a vigorous body will ( ol.
low and coughs, colds and attendant discom-
forts of the winter months be wholly pre-
vented. '¦;}
WARNrn-s S A r E Curb Co. •wttniVar 3. 1000
Gentlemen :-If I wa* the -chief "1 would, order ereryofHtfr
to keep a bottle of TV arni-rs Safe Curo on hand and there would
be but a few to " lay off " on account of ntcknem.
• Bui lie opposed to all kinds of wwither. exewive heat, and
sudden frost, or rain, it takes an Iron constitution to stand it.
I advocate Warnor s Sa^ Cnre as it kct.-jw the kldneyg in good
carried off from the system, thus niaintalnim: pood health. , '
tak« a dSTn& n «d then* aml "**" yOU tn gOOd health lf yo *
?i™ J iif nnV 1^ 1 " 7 I™" w £° has t0 *« otlt 0* doors most of the
> ha™d an the tinS "<**** t0 ket>P W » rner "« e *° <*» «»
, m Y onn t traly. THHS "W JOVCEi
"¦^— X>e*k Servant. 43rd Precinct,
FREE SAMPLE^ Chico Police Dep-t.Chfcaso.IlL
Send postal for trvr sample
Warner* a A re Cuke to
, WAnxER'sSArECirRECo. •'
Rochester, N,Y. Mention
thin paper. ,THE annual Pacific Coast .field
trials will be held at Coronado,
commencing January 14 and last-
ing all of next week. This will be
the eighteenth meeting of ¦ the
coast association, and there is every indl-
cation of it being far and away the most
successful of them all. -
¦ Before Coronado was selected as the
place for the' trials .the committee In
charge made every effort to secure some
near-by locality, but so completely has the
supply olj birds decreased all. over the ac-
cesslble parts .of the State that Coronado
was the only place,left offering suitable
conveniences for the.owners of dogs ancl
their trainers. The trials will be held on
the peninsula, a sand pit within easy
reach of Coronado. The ground is clean
with a low cover and the birds have been
preserved ¦ from the guns of the hunter.
Although the patch contains but 2^00
acres, the supply of birds is very abun-
dant.. . * v
Thomas Johnson, well'known all over
this country as a sportsman of the high-
est caliber, will Judge the trials. He came
out all the way from Winnipeg. Canada.
at the invitation of the Pacific Coast As-
sociation. After he finishes judging the
trials at Coronado he Will go to Missis-
sippl to Judge v the annual competitions in
that State. Besides b^ins a srear hunter,
Mr. Johnson has made hlm?elf famous as
the driver of a team of elks. |
The field trials at Coronado will consist -
of four events. In the derby there will
be twenty-two starters, in the all ape
twelve, in the member's seven and the
champion's three. The Stockdale and Van
Arsdale kennels are well represented and
the competition In nil events will b«» kern,
The al> age stake will have Buch dears as
these entered: XV. R. Teyjs' Cuba of
Kenwood. Frank Mn.xkpy's Lady Rods
choff, \\\ w. Van Arsdale's Count's Mark
Armand Decourtieux's .. Verona Cash,
Among the puppies will be Tod Sloan'3
Prince, a pointer of fine breeding and
great value: Will Tevis* Unnamed and J.
E. Terry's Lady.
Despite the distance fcom this city, tho
attendance of local enthusiasts will be
larger this year than ever before,
This year's meeting will last all of next
week. It Is expected that five days will
be consumed In the field trials proper,
Then a. general hunt for the sportsmen
present is on the programme. After that
a year's respite.
READY FOR PACIFIC COAST
FIELD TRIALS AT CORONADO
Entries Are Many and the Pointers and Setters in AllEvents Are of
, the Highest Class — Thomas Johnson Will Judge.
SPORTS: FIELD TRAILS, FIGHTING, COURSING, DUCK SHOOTING, GOLF AND ROWING
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.— George Bak«»r of
San Jose' and Tommy Cox." the Australian,
havobeen matched to meet in a fifteen
round go to-night -at the Reliance
Club. Followers of ring fortunes have
displayed unusual", tntfcresi in the match,
because of thereevnt good showing both
men have made.
Baker to Licet Cox.
SWIMMING RACES AT SUTRO'S.
At the Sutro Baths on Sunday, Jan
uary 13, the following swimming matches
will take Dlace:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— "W. Hay, "W.
Adams, H. Lynch. W. Armacost. F.
Burns, I* Collins. P. Hansen. J. Erasmy,
G. Moody, R Wells. E. Maulan. C. Dono
van, J. Goodal. J. Dlxon. J. Smith. S. Fln
nlgan. A. Springer. W. Boyle, D. Kerwin,
A. Martinez.
Under-water swlrnmlnjr. tub race and
high dlvinsr for boy*— Open to all.
One hundred-yard race, amateurs — E.
Winfleld. M. Carmody. 8. Grueman, D.
McCarthy,' L. Hanlon., F. Clough, P.
Ragan. P. Levin. IL Seebach. C. Carroll.
W. Dawsett. H. Beyer. B. Berry. J.
Crowder. 1>- Boudin; G. Wallace, G
Freeth. H. Lelcken. W. Cook. (i. Dough
erty, E. Klpp. J. Rlnjrrose.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving—
J. Dollar, M. Carmody. E. Winfield F
Paine. T. " McKillop, T. Thompson, f"
Ralston, W. Stockton. D. McCann l!
Hanlon, J. Collins, J. Sullivan, H. Wilson
C. Harnes
The San Mateo. County Hunt will meet
this afternoon at 2:30 at Moorraead. Fair
Oaks. On Wednesday, .January 16, the
rendezvous will be at the old Toil-Gate
House, on the Spanishtown road, at 2:30
p. m. Next Saturday there will be a table
d'hote luncheon at 12:30 p. m. at Tanforan
Park. San Bruno, after which the pack
will be laid on at -2:30. If the weather Is
flno many ladles will doubtless drive to
Tanforan Park to see the throw-off ana
witness the riders taking the first fences.
HUNT CLUB MEET AT FAIR OAKS
At the annual meeting of the California
Yacht Club the following named officers
were elected for the coming year: S. S.
Marshall, commodore: C. B. Clark, vici*
commodore; G. I* Wakeman, secretary;
J. J. Hanlfin Jr.. treasurer; Allen M. Clay,
port captain; C. A. Danly and H. L. Mar
tin, directors; J. T. Carrier, measurer;
August R, F. Branded, Eugene Flanders
and N. L. Mead, members of the regatta
committee.
At the Eame meeting the California
Yacht Club decided to withdraw from the
Pacific Inter-dub Yacht Association, as
the club takes little ?art in public regat
ta*, and is unwilling to pay the assess
ments for the annual races. Early in 1900
the club seriously considered the question
of leaving the association, but was per
suaded to stay in it on the understanding
that it would not be called on for mora
than {10. When It was found necessarv
to levy an assessment -of $30. the club de
cided to withdraw. As the Kncinal Yacht
Club will probably do, the same, the days
of the association appear to be numbered.
Anew body of yacht owners will, how-
YACHT CLUBS TO CONSOLIDATE
tional Shooting Bund was held last Thurs
day evening at California Hall on Bush
street and was attended by delegates
from all shooting societies of San Fran
cisco, Sacramento, San Jose, San Rafael
and other adjacent .towns.' Secretary
Haake submitted letters from New York.
Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Colorado
and other States, giving assurances that
meny of the noted rifle shots from all
pnrts of the United States will come to
California next July to participate in the
great tournament at Shell Mound Park
from July 14 to July 23, 1901.
D. B. Faktor, chairman of the prize
committee, announced the following addi
tional prizes received since the last meet
ing: Independent Rifles, $100; Sacramento
Helvetia Rifle Club, J100; Swiss Rifle Club,
$100; Eintracht Shooting Section, $50; Cap
tain F. Ruhstaller. Sacrameuto, a 1 com
plete silver service. The following new
delegate* presented credentials and were
declared entitled to represent their re
spective organizations: F. * Kaiser,
Deutscher Krieger Verein; C. M. Daiss,
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club; F." Schu
macher, A. E. Weber and George Keffel,
San Jose Rifle Club.
The semi-monthly meeting of the Na-
BUND SriOOTiNG PREPARATIONS
Foley. recording secretary: C. E. A.
Crelgton, financial secretary; Joseph
O'Dea, treasurer; S. V. Costello. Charles
Jenkins. A. M. McCulloch. Richard Cos
tello and A. H. Mellitz. members of bo.ird
of trustees; E. Scully, Captain James
Pallas, vie* captain; Stanley G. Scovern.
collector. The above is a strong board,
under whom the South End Rowing .Club
hopes to take an active part In aquatic
sport and to regain some of the many
rowing and sculling championships once
held by It. A contract for putting all the
barges and skiffs of the club into thor
ough repair has been made, and the In
tention la to hold try-outs each month,
and club regattas every month, at
which candidates for crews representa
tive of the club may gain experience In
racing and cockswains way become ac
customed to steering in the excitement of
contest. Senior. Junior and intermediate
barge crews are being made up and will
begin regular piactlce. Inasmuch as many
of the best known oarsmen of the South
Ends are be«iedlcts there will be a barge
race of married versus single.
At a meeting of the Alameda Boating
Club held on Tuesday night the following
named were elected to serve as officers
during the con:lng six months: Charles
H. Smith, presidpnt; Theodore A. Eisfeldt,
vice president; W. B. /Ilnchman. record
ing secretary: Charles J. Hague, financial
secretary; William C. Donnelly, treasurer;
James I-ewis, sergeant-at-arms: A. G.
Bell. F. S. Cort and G.H. Miller, mem
bers of the executive board: E. B. Thorn
ing, captain; G. Lewis, lieutenant captain.
President Smith has held that office for
seven consecur.vo terms, and though he
wished to make room for' another was
unanimously re-elected. W. B. Hinchman
At the .last meeting of the South End
Rowing Club the following named -were
elected to serve as officers during the
coming half-year: J. B. Feehan, presi
dent: William Mead, vice president; J. P.
ROWING CUBS ELECT OFF'CER.S
The annual meeting and election of of
ficers of the Olympic Club Wheelmen was
held Tuesday evening at the Post-street
clubhouse, a large number of the members
being present.
Great enthusiasm was evinced when
President Mullen read a letter from. Ed
F. Rups, the club's crack racer, dated
Los Angeles, January 7, stating what
marvelous success Olvmplc riders had at
the meet held at the Velodrome there the
night before. McKinney, a new star, won
the mile handicap in hollow fashion, and
Rues himself won his match with the
American amateur champion, F. B. Lake.
This practically makes Russ the Ameri
can champion, although the race Itself
was not a championship event.
Monday night Kuss and McKinney en
tered the mile team race and won It
"hands down."
The annual election resulted as follows:
James W. Mullen, president; Edwin Goel
: ler, vice president; H. C. Ramsay, secre
tary; Robert R, Russ, treasurer; Georgo
P. Fuller, captain; W. M. Mackie. F. G.
Montealegre and T. &. Spillane. execu
tive committee. ...
' The club voted a gold century bar to
L. H. Smith, who rode the first 100 miles
of the new century around the bay on
January 1 In 9 hours 25 minutes. This
ride was the first "century" made in the
United States for 1901.
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN ELECTION
Next Saturday the nrat halt of the first
match between the teams representing the
San Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs
will be played on the i'olnt Adams links.
The team will consist of six nten each, the
best player on one team being matched
against the best on the other, the second
nyainst the second and so on. The match
will be over eighteen holes. The Becond
half of the match will bo played on Sat
urday, the 2Cth, on the Presidio Jinks.
Willie Smith and David Bell, the cele
brated professional . golfers, reached Los
Angeles last Sunday, leaving for San I>i
ego next day. Last Sunday's rain served
to put the Coronado links into good con
dition. Willie Smith expressed himself
greatly pleased with the Coronado course,
which he pronounced much better than
the course in Florida. Many golf enthu
siasts followed the pair round tho course
during their first game in California. After
playing once round the . professionals
played an clghteen-hole match,, their
medal play scores being exactly equal.
At match play 'Smith won 1 up. In tho
afternoon Bell and Cotton: of Coronado
played a foursome against Smith . and
Bartlett Richards, the- former couple win
ning-* up; tho medal play scores being as
follows: Bell and Cotton 43. Smith and
Since the annual meeting held last Sat
urday at the clubhouse the council of the
San Francisco Golf Club has met ¦ and
chosen tho following officers: • J. W.
Byrne, president; Andrew Car rigan, sec
retary and treasurer; I>anslng O. Kellogg 1 ,
captain. The president- will appoint the
green committee, tournament, house and
other committees. The old board
having prepared the schedule of
events up to the end of 1900, the new coun
cil will soon get out a list of club con
tests. No event is Bet down for to-day,
but if the weather permits some matches
in the Round llobin tournament will be
played, and class B may hold a handicap
sweepstakes. For somo time class B
golfers held a tournament regularly each
week, but for the last three weeks or so
there have been no sweepstakes. ,
Golf Course.,
Cr)an)pior)s Smith and Bell
, . Play Over Coronado
TEflM MATCH NEAR HAND
CITY GOLFERS
CHOOSE NEW
CAPTAIN.
waiting eagerly for the law makers at
Sacramento to fasten their hammers on
the game and flsh anvils.
FAMOUS JUDGE WHO WILL,
PASS UPON THE FIELD
TRIALS AT CORONADO.
The California coursing committee has
passed upon 110 licenses for tralnere.
At the time this stake Is being run.
which will take three days, February 22,
23 and 24. the Belle Brandon stake for
saplings will also be on the programme.
From the present outlook the sapling
stake will very probably not reach a fig
ure over twenty-four entries. But they
will all be high class saplings. Before
the Belle Brandon Is coursed the Union
Coursing Park Association will hold two
distinct sapling stakes, one at the end of
this month and another the second week
in February. This will give the saplings
a bit of stake coursing experience.
stake, a handsome piece of silver plate
will go with it.
As the stake Is limited to nlnety-slx en
tries, nominations will have to be made
early and the committee will have to exer
cise the greatest care and Judgment In the
elimination. An entrance fee of $10 means
$960 toward the stake. There will be added
money by the park and the Interstate
Club.
Both men will return for the summer
golf season to the Midlothian Country
Club, Chicago. :
On Monday at the Presidio links the
qualifying round over eighteen holes,
medal play, for the Council's cup for
women, will be held, beginning at 9:30 In
the morning. The eight ladies making the
lowest scores wfll play the opening round
of the cup competition on Tuesday, and
the four winners will play- on Wednesday
morning.
January 10 to 17. at Los Angeles: January 1.
and IS. at Santa. Monica: January IS to 25. at
.Santa Barbara: January 27 and 28. at Uedlands:
January 29 and 30. at Ulversld>: January 31 to
February 8, at Pasadena; February 1 to 28, at
Del Monte: March 1 and 2, at Oakland: March
3 and 4. at Burlinjcame: March 3 and 6. at Pre
sidio link*. San Kranelseo; March g to 14^ at
I^oa Angeles: March 15 to 18, at Santa C»ta
llna; March 19 to 31, at Coronado Beach.
On Tuesday evening the Interstate
Coursing Clulf re-elected most of its of
ficers for the ensuing year and settled
definitely what the substitute stake for
the John Grace cup, run last February,
should be. As the John Grace cup will
hereafter mark an October date, another
big all-age event was wanting- for Feb
ruary 22.' The "California plate." it will
be called and It will be second only to the
John Grace cup. Besides the big prize
that will attach to the winner of the
Richards 45. Next day Bell and J. An
d«reton played an eighteen-hole match
against Smith and J. G. Blair. Alexander
Smith, brother of Willie, and instructor
of the Coronado Golf Club, was unable to
play from recent sickness. The time of
tho professionals will be arranged as fol
lows:" •»
scurried since then and enough
Jacks procured to Insure sport for the 12S
dogs in the big open stake that will be run
to-day and to-morrow. This stake will
be a crackajack for the usual regular
stake prizes.
A SCARCITY of .hares made the
holding of the midweek stake at
Union Park last Wednesday an
impossibility, but the plains were
California Plate for All Ages and Belle Brandon for Saplings Will Be
Important Special Events at Union Park.
The annual dinner and Installation of of
ficers" of the Dolphin Swimming and Boat
ing Club will be held this evening at a
downtown restaurant at 7 o'clock. Tha
following named are the offlcprs to be in
stalled: E. H. Coney, president; J S.
Earls, vice president: W. L* Bush, record
ing secretary:. F. C Staib. financial secre
tary; A. L. Schuppert, treasurer; W. O.
Patch, captain; T. R. Dixon. lieutenant
captain: P. H. Frcudenberg. sersreant-at
»rms:.C. M. Farrell and A. J. Brenran.
members of executive committee; Frank
Currv. G. C. Alferltz and A. W. Shields,
members of board of directors; A. P.
Rothkopf, A. W. Papo and J. Laib Jr..
delegates to Pacific Association of the>
Amateur Athletic Union.
was chosen secretary for the eleventh
time. In futuro all business connected
with the club will be transacted at th»
regular fortnightly • meetings, it bavins
been found that free discussion among the
members keeps the Interest in club affairs
alive. *
The case of J. Edwards against "W. I*
Stevens went over till next Thursday
evening;
W. C. Glasson filed a complaint with the
California coursing 1 committee against
Connell Bros, for the nonpayment of a
dog sold to them a year ago. The com
mittee refused consideration because the
agreement was not tiled.
many of which have not been called for.
Unless called for In ten days the licenses
will be canceled. Trainers will not be al
lowed more than two helpers and none un
der 18 years of age. In. the case of help
ers their names must be indorsed on the
trainers' licenses. The trainer will be
held responsible for hl3 helpers.
Captain Clarkson has registered five
puppies out of Lady Jane by Moondyne.
They are spoken of as strong, likely sap-
Ilng9.
James Hurley's request for the registra
tion of two litters, both havlnsr passed the
sixty days* time of notice, was allowed.
but Hurley was penalized JU for his
trangression.
BIG STAKES ARRANGED FOR
FOLLOWERS OF COURSING
Beat Frank Child*. J rounds, Kew York,
draw with Frank Childs, 6 rounds, Chicago,
both contests gave Childa thirty pounds; fought
two 15-round draws with Dick CVBrien .in
MaFFachufsetts; knocked out Dick O'Brien, 3
rounilR, Pawtucket. It- I.: knocked out Charles
Ftronjt. 130 rounds, 9 round?. Coney Island:
beat Charles Goflf. 2 rounds; knocked out Lon
Beckwith. 5 rounds; knocked out Harry Pep
pers, 19 soundi!, Connecticut; knocked out Mar
tin Mulverhlll, 2 rounds; knocked out Jack
George Byers is hard at work at the
Seal Rock House. On the sands of tha
beach, over the park roads and In the
minching-bag room he is making his mus
cVjs more and more sinewy. This colored
middleweight is a shifty, lithe eort of an
athlete, fast on his feet and with a keen,
quick eye. He did not arrive until Tues
day last, but since that time he has been
conditioning himself with consistent
work.
Jack Root is on the other side of the
bay— Alameda— and there he works in the
same steadfast manner as is his custom.
Root is the stronger of the two men, and
seemingly none the -worse In the measure
of agility and 6hiftiness. Besides, he Is a
hard hitter. His bag-puncmrig is well
worth looking at and he boxes cleverly.
Byers' record is as follows:
cisco saw a splendid example of manager
ial chicanery in the Ryan-Moffatt-Neill
fiasco. It will not Btand such another.
The card that the National Soortingr
Club will present on January 13 should
furnish the most satisfactory ring enter
tainment. Two events, with the contest
ants well matched — men of pronounced
ability in the big fight and popular "slug
gers" in the second— make a programme
which on paper gives token of a torrid
evening Inside the ropes. George- Byers
and Jack Koot will be the principals in
the principal event; "Dutch" Thurston
and Otto Cribb, the dove performers in
the event second in Importance but first
on the programme.
ciable.
The limitation criers laugh at this and
In turn advance this argument, that the
killing of breeders will deplete the sup
ply, whether the bird is migratory or not.
On these lines some elaborate legisla
tion Is prepared, and the eportamen are
<V>o<1 weather this for the ducks, but
not the shooters. The heavy rainstorms
of last week and their continuation in a
mild form this week has flooded the
marfhes. All the Suisun country is under
•water to the great disgust of the nlmrod
end practically the same conditions pre
vail in the Alvarado region. Early In the
wwk the water b^gan to pour out of the
shooting ponds, and there was a mite or
two of hope oxprtFFed that on Sunday
feme shoot inff Vnight be had. Thursday
night put an end to such hopes. The rain
came again.
Duck shooters lock their mouths these
flays about their kills. They fear the Leg
lc!ature and lts« restricting laws. That
there will be some legislation on the eud
jret there is hardly a doubt. Just what
i* keeping the shooters and the game pro
testors busy In advance thinking.
There are two kinds of pport.-«men, the
fictlve shooter who is out to kill and the
frame protector who is satisfied with a
limit. Ther will never agree. At the
game and fish conference held last spring
in this city Jt was decided to draft some
Buggcfitlons for legislation. The most im
portant clause of ull was the limitation
of all bags to twenty-five birds In a single
day. And here is the rock on which the
warring factions have Eplit. Both parties
will make an active fight at Sacramento,
one to kill the twenty-five limitation on
ducks, the other to effect its passage.
The men who declaim against this limi
tation reluctantly admit that fifty would
be a fair maximum number. They say
that through an entire season one gun
does not average twenty-five birds for
each day's ehoot. Another of th**ir con
tentions is that the frame is migratory
and no matter how big- the slaughter the
effect upon this order of birds is inappre-
Restrictive Aleasurcs Before
This Session of the
Legislature
FLOODS ON THE MARSHES
RAIN AND LAW
FOR DUCK
SHOOTER.
BEFORE next week has come and
g-one Ban Francisco ringgoers
will have seen the first series of
f.ghts under the new regime — for
Euch It Is styled by the purvey
ors of pugilism. On Friday evening, Jan
i/ary IS, the National Sporting Club of
Fan Francisco, limited, will clang tho bell
rnd then the game will begin anew on an
old field.
Just how many of .he promises of the
National Sportlr.g Club of San Francisco
will be fulfilled is a matter of ppeculation.
Fo many times have San Franciscans, full
«>f blown enthusiasm and fervent ecstasy,
been dumped bodily from high hopes into
ihe mire that they are a bit chary of the
fighting game. They no longer go into
raptures over the bellicose attitudes of
lighters on the show bills." Enthusiasm
has at last Wen tempered with a eober
• onsideration of the quality of the fistic
meal offered their palates and their Etom
arhs. They will try the meal another
time, but if it prove nauseating, let the
promoters of the gladiatorial sport look
to themselves and their wares. The har
vests they have set out to reap will show
Tiothing but sown whirlwinds.
It is high time for prizefight promoters
to unDeel their eyes and watch the. pu
piliets while they are in training. Of
« ourse, if the promoter is in league with
ih» fighter, the public might as well send
t.ut emissaries bearing the white flag, for
r.othinjr i* left to it in the way of security
cr protection. There are few figt^rs who
will not bear watching and thrrffire few
ir. a racer* of fight-giving club^ ¦who. If
th*>y watch trr»» men matched by them,
canr.ot unearth existing fraud. San Fran-
The San Francisco Yacht Club, at a
meeting held in the Merchants' Exchange
on Wednesday night, elected Dr. F. L
Platt. J. M. Punnett and A. Waters a
nominating committee to prepare a Us 1 
of candlcjates to be presented for election
at the annual meeting. At a meeting of
the directors held later Commodore W.
N. McCarthy was appointed a committee
of one to try to secure- from the Town
Trustees of SausaJito a Ieasa on the lot
adjoining tho San Francisco clubhouse
for the purpose of erecting thereon lock
ers, a storeroom for small boats and a
room for purposes of painting and repair
ing the equipment and sailing gear of
yachts.
A suggestion has oeen made that tho
California and Encinalyacht clubs should
be consolidated. The Encinals at present
occupy a bad anchorage on a lee shore,'
with a hard bottom, while the Californias
¦have from- thirty to forty minutes' work
in beating out from their club grounds
to the open bay. The idea Is to build a
new clubhouse at thu south side of tho
narrow-gauge mole and construct a
breakwater to protect the yachts lying
at their moorings. The clubhouse an ; i
anchorage at present occupied by the Cal
ifornias would be retained as winter quar
ters. The following named .members Df
the Californias have been appointed <i
committee to confer with a committee of
the Encinals: Commodore Sydney S.
Marshall, Port Captain A. M. Clay ex-
Commodore E. N. Walter, I* S. Sherman
and A. J. Story.
ever, be formed to hold the annual regat
ta and to accept tho Macdonough ard
Law cups.
The Supervisors have passed to print an
ordinance limiting professional fights to
one each month and amateur boxing con
tests once a month for clubs having gym
nasiums. So far the amateur club3 In the
field are the San Francisco ari*d the Bay
City. The San Francisco always was an
athletic club, but of the pugilistic type.
In order to come within the ordinance lUe
Bay City organization is casting an eyes
for gymnasium apparatus. v
The professional fight for February will
bo McCoy and Sharkey before the Twen
tieth Century Club, new to the business
and heavily stocked with Ideas of pugilis
tic purity and regeneration. Both Mc-
Coy and Sharkey need a succession of
confessional purgings. and if they can be
regenerated by righting before the Twen
tieth Century Club, two great and evenly
matched fighters who have fallen from
the high estate will again be placed upon
the boxer's pedestal. The Twentieth Cen
tury Club members are men of reputation
and integrity. Some of them are keen
business men. It is hard to keep Jobbery
and fraud out of prize flght3, but it can
be done. The Twentieth Century Club
promises an ever active surveillance over
fighters, matchmakers and referees.
Burk. 3 round?; beat T!m irurphy, 6 rounds,
Chicago: fought 20-round draw with Jack Ban
ner, sixteenth round broke his left arm.
More Interest is centered In the Crlbb-
Thurston light than is ordinarily be
stowed upon the second event of a fight
programme. Thumon. one of AIpc Gre«r
galns' own pets and a leal "slugger" of
the old school, will for the first time in
his short, inceptional career meet a man
who is a fiehter. Cr:bb demonstrated
when he met McConnell that he knew
something of the pugilistic g-ame. He hai
a boring style, hits fast and furiously
with either hand and knows how to pro
tect himself. Thurston fairly craves pun
ishment, has an arm and shoulder biff
enough to fell oxen. There -will certainly
be a clash when these two meet.
Jack Root and George Byers and Otto Cribb and "Dutch" Thurston
Will Start the Ball Rolling Next Friday Evening.
FIRST OF THE FIGHTS OF
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
4THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
I S>
1030. FIRST RACE— Futurity course: selling; three-year-olds asd up: purse. SSOO.
IjgexjHorse.Age. Weight, pgt St. -.%. %. str. Fla. Jockeys, '"op" Hl"^"" PL
1CC6 Isallne, 4 ;...1O1 19 "i i~xl Tj 1 4 \Toune» a «-? 4 « *
18? SSS&,i DaVta - S 1^ i I V * * 2 •'- * 2 aScnanW'." 7-5 II i ti
H?i }i onrovf T & 7 ¦••••'•-105 2 4 2 2 2 1 ... 3 ns Domlnlck .. 1 12 I? 5
\m ?1 5r B ' L1 ?f # *•" « ! * ? H 8 2 ... 4 3 O'Connor ... X, 13 12 - 5
]«i £ ll0 L' 4 1C3 ?««4 *1 ... «* Enoa 19 20 15 «
ins Dunboy. a 107 1 9 10 S ... 7 5 F Kelly "» 79 10 2O
1«15 Birdie Stone. 3... 95 5 10 IH IT. 8« J.T Woods 4 « • S
1«W Lit. MInch Jr.. 3.107 W 5 64 «J ... 9 2 J. Wooda^. 13 40 40 li
1C2« Juva, 5 105 3 g g 2 10 ... it) Frawley .... IS CO SO 13
Tfme-To U :22; to J4. :4«U: last H. 1:02*4: short *. 1:12*4. Good start. Won easily. S-c-
S?^r,w n i h drtvl " K - Wlnner : "*"- B - tan* Jr/s b. m. by Imp. Cleveden-P.ebecca. Tuallno
? £ , nt0 a A htnB but lack - Ma *g!e Davis was a naughty girl at the price Tirtr-a
1W Foui n pia. "wl ** aln " Blrdle StCn * U<: Dunbo * »ln»on left Scratched-DiUy Moore
1C31. SEOOXP RACE— Three furlongs; maiden two- year-o Ms ; purse. MOO.
Index jHorse and Weight. Pstjst. & %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. m' UC Cl~ pT
JH2 H- \- K!rb T "6 1 1 UH Ins It Shields.. •"" 3 8 8^S
YJ2 S 01 "chtensteln..llS 5 2 X 5 2 6 Buchanan .. 2 6-2 6-J 1
lb » Jorso Maid 115 3 3 2 H . 8 12 Domlnick.. 3 4 4 7-5
•••• 5 ., m 7 4 ••• ••• 4 10 4 12 Knos 10 JO SO I
;;;; 5K kll !£* -\: — m 4 6 5 B Rui » " » » «
J£X -Murphy 113 t I^ft O'Connor ... 3 7-2 7-2 1
irro Dr. Scharg us 6 I^ft Batrslnger .. 4 9-2 »-> 6-5
Time— U. :12>i; %. :3*U. Bad rtart. Won flret three <lrlv!n«;. Winner. C. E. Durneirs b. m.
ny imp Bassetlaw-Testro. Kirby was another one to catch 4-11-44. Shields beat the gat?.
iorso MaJd carried LJchtensteln wide Into tbe stretch and the assistant starter forrot to
-^S3^SI^2>S^2SLi^3L-^L l ll^.^ : 2i r^ h /- - yg^ejs^teln should havre wen. Rubino a stood looker.
1 B32. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; gelling; tl;ree-year^oidsT^ur5e?7So! n - vuvw<
. ! IPo1 ~~ I I. Betting '.
Index jHorsa and Weight. jPst|St. H. %. Str. Fin. I Jockeys- I Op. HI. Cl\ PI?
??}« S5f^ 105 1 1 1 63 53 «H 22 ICVConncr ... 8-5 3 8-3 1-2
Yhk 9t liZ * U m \ ' 6 ll :i SH 32 Enos S 20 20 «
}-!/! vi 1 ?. 3 *-^ 1C2 23 21 *HS2 42 Buchanan.. 10 20 *> «
JSj* Nellie Forest 102 87 4H 31.21 6 10 Domlnick 5 « « 8-5
¦ ?jS Im r Coat - 107 3 2 S1 a2 •* 63 J- Woods.... 8 13 13 S
1619 Billy Lyons lMJ 5 6 7 7 7 7 Logos . . . . .. JO 100 100 80
Time — '4. :25: V,. :Z0: %. 1:1SU- Good utart. Won first three driving. Winner. F. r>. Weir's
or c. by Emperor-Flattery. By actual computation according to the electric system of
Nikola Tesla. Mounce is fire pounds and two and one-third ounces better than J. Daly
O Conner rave Ada N' a Bowery ride, and It was surely toujrh. Quiz II ran better without
blinkers. NeHle Forest away poorly. Satin Ccat struck a hole, and had It been an abaa
coned well Woods would have hit the bottom.
1033. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and up; purse. $500.
_ l Po * 1 / Betting —^^
Index Horse. Age. Weight. jPst St. «. H. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
(1S16) Ordnung. 5 9*|3 3 12 1% J*4 11 [Buchanan .. 3 3 1 sljj
(1527) Rolling Boer. 3....SS 12 S X 1 14 2 3 |j. Martin... 7-10 4-5 7-10 —
1627 Lennep. 6 lMJ 2 1 23 2h 3 3 [O'Connor... 3 4 4 T-ia
Ttmn^-U. :25: M. :M; K. 1:1314: mile. 1:42U. Good start. Won driving. Winner. J. F.
Schorrs ch. g. by Jim Gore or Imp. Order-Imp. Highland Lore. Martin on the Boer vu
cut oft at start and then made bts ride too soon. Ordnunar can win in almost any man's
country. Comparing tlmo with that of the day before Lennep dldn"t make such "worso
ness." •
1034. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 50 yards; selling; three-y>ar-olds and up; purse. WOO.
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. PstlSt. ,*. 4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. hY.^cT PL
1K« Owensboro, 4 ....iCTj 717 28 12 15 15 iDomlnlck .. J IM} jTj^ gli
(1614) Galanthus. 3 .... S9| 3 2 S1H 4<{ 2 3 2 4 (Martin 3 C 3. «-5
l«05 Donator. 6 1M| 88 75 Cl 3 '4 3 4 |Mounc» .... 4 4 11
(15S9) Free Lance, a — 112! 53 4*»3h (444 (Buchanan 7 19 I %
1605 Klckumbob. 4... .104! <6 Ih 54 41 52 Inasslnger .. 13 30 23 <t
1619 Wallensteln.' 4....104! 4 5 3h 22 6 4 61 O'Connor... 4 1-2 9-2 S-5
1622 L. Meddlesome. 5.104! 2 4 S % 7 5 7 10 7 10 Ij. Miller.... • 10 9 4
1605 Expedient. 4 .... S9| 1 1 8 8 8 8 [Ransch 30 «3 SO 3)
TIme-50 yards. :04*i: %, :U\: 4. :204: %. 1:134: m. l:42«i; lm 50yds, 1:45^. Good star*
V>an easlm: up. Second and third driving Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's ch. h. by tap. X>Z
Beatrvolr-Fannle Lyons. Owensboro had the sharp skates on to-day. Galanthus ran game
ly. W»ll»nsteln not a good "mudder." Meddlesome won't do at present. Scratched—Caa
take 104, Mary Kins ell a 97.
1C35. SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth mllrs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. |4i».
Index {Horse. Age. Weight. [PstlSt. 14. 14. Btr. Kin. J Jockeys. ' Op. fu*." 11^ P?
(1615) Lou Rey, 5 107 3(1 lh .14 13 In Buchanan .. 3 3 IM Ti
I3?3 Opponent, 6 104 44 31 33 23 23 O'Connor ... 3 44 1
(1605) Morinel. 6 102 2 3 4 4 21 31 Mounce .... 3-3 3-S 13-10 2-S
1619 Grand Sachem. «.104| 12 26 21 4 4 Basslnrer ¦¦ * > t S
"".."fT*' : H2 : *• : F l J k ' 1:( ?iK- 1:30: ™. * : ": IHm. 1:57. Good start. Won first thre«
driving:. Winner. A. Simons* b. h. by El Rio Rey-Loulse M. Buchanan hustled Lou Rey
from the- start but won all out. Opponent away none too well. Morlnel found the- roini
too muddy.
Trunks and Valises.
For quality, variety «nd price see our
trunks, valises, traveling bags, dress-suit
case?, belts, pocketbooks. purses, bill
book* and letter cases. Your namein gold
letter* free of charge. Son born, Vau &
Co., ?U Market etreet. - . *
BAN JOSE. Jan. 13-— Con Brown, a
housemover, wu arrested to-day for
threatening to kill his wife, and while in
& remorseful mood attempted to hang hlm
pelf at the City Prison with a pair of
*ii?pendere. Brown made a noose of his
suspenders, climbed up In the cell and
fastened them to a grating. Then ha
jumped off. The suspenders broke, an!
he struck the cement floor. This Jarrsd
and bruised him considerably. The police
put him into a Btraitjacket and when
he had sobered xjp he liad lost all desire
for self-destruction.
Tries to Hang Himself.
PORTLAND, Jan. 11.— Tom Tracey of
Australia knocked out Dick Case of
Seattle this evening In the ninth round
ct a fast contest. Case met hia finish In
a heavy left swing on the Jaw. The six
round preliminary between Mose La Fon
tlse of Denver and Charles Jost OX Fort
land was declared a draw.
Dick Case Knocked Out.
STANFORD U2OVERSITT. Jan. 11.— W.
D. Mltchel. former manager and end of
the Columbia University football team,
registered to-day. Mitchel Is the most
successful football manager Columbia han
ever had. He brought his team out at th«
close of the last season J12.000 ahead.
Mltchel ia also a baseball player of son:o
note and will no doubt be- a great acquisi
tion to the Stanford nine, as a large num
ber of last year's team. Including the cap
tain, will not be back this year.
STANFORD'S ACQUISITION.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. XL— Results:
One mil*, selling— Heroics won. Ualers second
Lance wood third. Time, 1:M<4.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Valdea won
>arro second, Wooditlck third. Time. J83U
Mile and an elchth. •elllns— W. B. Gates
won. False Lead second, Phidias third. Time.
On» mile, handicap— Strangest won, Donna
Beay second, Empreis of Beauty tiilrd. Time.
Seven furlongs, handicap— Paiarro won. Sua
Johnson second. George B. Cox third. Time.
Seven furlong*, selling— Pandy won. Senator
Bererldge second, Eltholln third- Time. 1:40.
RESULTS AT NEW ORLEANS.
A letter from the president of the Ama
teur Athletic Union was read. In which tho
request Is made that all subscriptions to
the W. B. Curtis memorial be remitted to
the East not later than January 28. Sec
retary H. A. Keeler was Instructed to
write In reply that no subscription! have
been received. S. McBinney. secretary of
the Pacific Athletic Club, requited that
the case of R. B. Cornell, who desires re
instatement as an amateur, be investigat
ed, and if the circumstances permit, that
r:* b« reinstated. The question was re
ferred to the registration committee.
An application of the San Francisco
Athletic Club for membership in the asso
ciation was presented, it being stated that
the club is a bona fido &ma.teur organi
zation and offers medals as prizes for the
contests conducted by It. The matter was
referred to the registration committee
with instructions to report within a week,
the report to be then submitted to the
board by a mail vote. An application for
membership was also presented by the
Pacific Athletic Club, In regard to which
J. R. Bockman stated that at the request
of George James, captain of the Olympic
Club, he had visited the clubrooms, which
he had found suitably equipped. It was
also stated that the club hold* wrestling,
handball and other tournaments, for
¦which trophlea are awarded, and that It
neither gives nor Intends to give boxing
contests. The club was elected a member
cf the association. S. McBlnney being ac
cepted as its delegate and placed upon the
board of mar.ager*.
At the rer^ar monthly meeting of the
Pacific Association cf the Amateur Ath
letic Union held last night the following
members of the board of managers we<-«
present. W. B. Hlnchiran in the chair;
T. Sands. E. Scully, II. A. Keeler. V.
3Iai:ser. J. A. Oeddes. J. R. Bockman and
A. P. Rothkopf.
AA^ATEUR mTMLETES MEET.
BANTA BARBARA, Jan. tL— The
schooner Santa Cruz, Captain Magglolo,
plying between here and Santa Crux Isil
and. returned from a voyage across the
channel to-day and reported the loss of a
seaman . named Botelar. According to
Captain Maggiolo, I a heavy sea and a
etrong gale on the other side of the chan
nel maae it necessary to make everything
soug. This was done, and BoteJar was
left at tho whct-1 on deek. Later the ship
dove Into a heavy wave and- Botelar was
washed overboard. "The drowned man
leaves a widow and family her*.
Sailor Washed Overboard.
DENVER. Jan. 1L— Specials to th»
News report two fatal BnowBlides in the
western part of the State. William Tem
mat. an employe of the Tomboy mine near
Telluride. was caught by a slide whicn
carried away the blacksmith shop at the
mine at 3 o'dock this afternoon. His body
was recovered.
The other slide was near the Camp Bird
mine at Ouray. and the victim was J H
Collier, a miner. His body is supposed to
be buried under a vast mass of enow and
rock and It Is unlikely that it can be re
covered before late next summer.
Snow and Their Lives
Crushed Otit.
Two Miners Caught "Under Masses of
FATAL SNOWSLIDES
IN WESTERN COLOBADO
BERLIN, Jan. U.— To-day« debate Jn
the Reichstag upon a resolution submit
ted by Herr Nlssler, Conservative, to
amend the pension laws bo that every
veteran of the wars of 1&64. 1866 and 1870-71
who is an invalid an-1 unable to support
himself would receive 120 marks annually,
developed Into a terrible arraignment of
the Government. Speakers of all parties.
Conservatives. National- Liberals, Cen
trists and even Socialists, declared their
¦Rillingness to vote for pensions and cen-
Eured the Government for consistently ls
aorizig this debt of honor, unworthy, on
one speaker* said, of a country which bad
embarked on a world policy.
t,S the f .1?*^"^ decIa red that the atti
tude of the Bundesrath In steadily refuc
ine to provide pensions was inexplicable.
During the Ionr and heated debate the
r-L^i™ 1 " 5 ? th ® Cablnet w ere absent, tho
oovemment commissioners weakly de
fending themselves. The resolution was
referred to the Budget Committee.
vide a Pension for Invalid
Veterans.
Reichstag Discusses the Plan to Pro-
BITTER ATTACK ON
THE GOVEBNMENT
Probable Winners.
Pint race-Companion. InjUate. Kathertne
Kasls.
Second race— Essence. Th« Bobby, The Bai
ftr-n.
Third rtce-Oraylett*. Scctch Belle. Lltmua,
Fourth race— Hildreth Stable. Articulate.
Fifth race— Bathos. Herculean. Telamon.
Sixth race— Pat Morrlssey. Preitldlritator.
High Hoe.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and
up: telling:
J«5 Simon p lost 1591 Pat Morrtssey..lO»
lKJ£Ir<He stone.... 89 tf5J2)Tlburon ...K»
5J£S?Sr e l tl^i» tt * tor 1M; U3 ° Gre * 1 B « ad j»
(ltOC)Hlsh Ho«.......107i .... Verarua .... i<»
Fifth race-Mile and TO yards: three-year-olds
and up: the Candelaria Handicap:
«S?,!? rbart , 8 1C0 ! 1C7 T** Fretter....ll«
"""Herculean 105 1K3 Telamon 98
1604 Bathos 991 1623 Rio Chlco....... Si
Fourth rae»— S-ren furlones: three-year-olds
and up; the Follanabee Handicap; high weight •
n609>Golden Age 1221 IKS Telamon .. US
(159fl)Articulate 120 '(181!) Herculean . ."m
1S31 Gold Badge 1011 (liS€)Oold Or 133
1M6 Gibraltar 130 14S4 Vulcain 12S
1S11 Boundlee 108
Third race-Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
soiling:
1307 Sublime i«M mo Penlocc V2
£,\ fei tr S" 1<c 15S3 s«>teb Belie. ...loo
»W El Kara 102 ut4 Marlon BristoLlfO
1474 El Sonoro 100 ! 1364 Estelada .... 1C0
1514 Graylette IKi
Secocd race— Mile and an eighth; focr-year
olds and np; gelling:
HS £2 n * J? aeh lct ! 1829 Essence 1W
,}«* Th« Bobby 1<*! 1«U A»tor K*
cials. leaves for Chicago to-day to attend
the coming meeting of the American Turt
Congress.
Mounce and Buchanan divided the sad
>» ,?. nor r?- eacn rtd t n e a pair of winners.
t a N d^ e ruTn O i r nThe? S ch < a^. frOm "~ w
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Five furlongi; three-year-oMs
strlllns*
U57 Follow Me i«i 1325 Cath. Bt*to....10O
H£ Compaaioa ....100 1541 Kath. Ean!i...lO*
IKS Loneliness 100' US2 Instante irr»
959 Ltbble Elklns..lOO( 1223 Wardmaa I 125
ICU Dar>n- lOOi
Sol Lichtenstein ran In Dr. " Rowell's
colors. Sam Hildreth disposed of ¦ the
black colt for $1200^
Charley Ellison was said to have cleaned
up '$6000 over the win- of J. V. Kirby.
though, for some reason admitting to only
11400. Perhaps he was ashamed to take
it on account of the start.
The firm of Burns & Waterhouse pur
chased I Gibraltar and Bangor from Sam
Hildreth yesterday.
Owensboro, winner of the fifth race, was
bid up $400 over his entered selling price of
$300 by W. H. Llger. Sam Hildreth re
tained the chestnut horse. -
There , .was some more boosting after
Lou Rey had taken the final event. The
bay-horse was In to be' sold for $500. and
was bid up to $300 by "Dutch" Obermeyer.
Only a few days ago Albert Simons, pres
ent, owner of Lou Rey, took the animal
from Obermeyer after he had won a sell-
Ing affair. . . "
£. C Hopper, ono of tha Oakland ofa-
Track Notes.
THE continued success of the rainy
season Is no doubt working won
ders with the bean and pumpkin
crops in the upcountry districts,
but it is creating consternation
among the form players at Oakland track.
After his decisive victory over The Fret
ter and Lennep only the day before Billy
Cahlll's colt Rolling Boer, with 8S pounds
up, looked "In," and 'was plunged on to
win the mile run yesterday, this time
with Ordnung and Lennep to down. Not
much was thought of Fred Foster's mare,
but - Ordnung commanded considerable
backing at odds of 2% and 3 to 1. Un
fortunately for Rolling Boer he was shut
off right after the start and had to take
the mud for nearly half a mile. Then
"Jack" Martin got the colt in front and
all looked pleasant. In the stretch Martin
became scared and starting to make his
run too soon was nabbed and beaten out
a length by Buchanan on Ordnung In the
very fast time of 1M2U.
This is but one tale of woe due to the
muddy condition of the track, for four
other choices were defeated. The climatic
conditions did not dampen the ardor of
racegoers one whit, for the attendance
was again large.
Highly touted as the real thing in the
mud, Maggie Davis, carrying 105 pounds,
closed an even-money chance for the first
event, a sprint over the Futurity course.
Fortunately for the books Buchanan
brought the mare in second, th© purse
going to Isallne, a 4 to 1 chance, ridden
by Mounce. Old Monrovia nosed Ting-a-
Llng out for the show.
Through his ability to beat the barrier
Henry Shields had the mount on J. V.
Kirby* In the two-year-old spin at three
furlongs. Shields did all that was asked
of him, for outbreaking the bunch two
lengths his mount won down at the wire
by a nose from the favorite, Sol Uchten
steln. Th« start waa a poor, one, Mike
Murphy and Dr. ScharfC being left at the
post. ¦ ¦ ¦
On "Wednesday Flatterer, with J. Daly
up, ran unplaced In a six furlong sprint,
won by Rollick. Yesterday this nama
brown colt had Mounce in the saddle, and
heavily played at 3 to 2. had things his
own way In the selling event for three
year-olds at six furlong*. Aa It so hap
pens quite often of late, O'Connor on Ada
N, the 8 to 5 second choice, put up a
sloppy ride, and her stable folks might
better have clung, to F. Kelley. Qul» II
ran in improved form, taking third place.
Horses, like climate, seem to change
from one week to another. Not so very
long ago Owensboro found It difficult to
navigate through some sloppy going, yet
In the fifth number ran like a confirmed
mudlark. His odds were once as good as
6%' to 1. ' • Domlnlck had the Hildreth
horse In front alter a Quarter had been
covered: winning under restraint. Gal
anthus found It easy work taking second
place from Donator. "
With Morlnel the favorite. Lou Rey
went out In the closing mile and a fur
long run, and was never headed. Getting
away none too well from the- post, O'Con
nor came fast at the end with Opponent,
losing out by a neck only. The first choice
ran an Indifferent third.
BY F. e. MXJLHOLLAlSrD.
COLFERSAT DEL MONTE.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 1L— Arrangements
are now complete for a three weeks' stay
at this place of Willie Smith and Davis
Bell, the two professional- golfers now
making a tour of the Pacific Coast. Smith
and Bell will arrive about February 7 and
will remain until March 1. playing daily
exhibition games with Del Monte's pro
fessional. James Melville. A great many
crack amateur golfers of San Francisco
and vicinity are expected to be here to
witness the play of Bell and Smith.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— In the United
Bta'es Dintrict Court, K. L. Moor was this
morning appointed referee In bankruptcy for
Merced County.
Six Hundred Men Are Won Over by
N0N-UN.I0N BAKERS
JOIN THE STRIKERS
Joseph Baronders, "King of
th« Cloakmakers."
NEW YORK, Jan. • 11. — Excited by
speeches from Joseph Baronders, lor
merly "King of the Cloakmakers" and
leader of the Hebrew bakers' strike, 600
non-union Hebrew bakers, who had as
sembled at Victoria Hall. S2 Clinton street
to-day to participate in a parade ar
ranged by the employers' association,
went on strike. By striking the non
imion men tied up 150 bakeshops in ad
dition to the shops tied up by the strike
which has been in progress on the East
Side for two weeks.
The paraders had hardly assembled to
await instructions as to the time of start
ing and the formation of the parade,
when Joseph Baronders. accompanied by
Secretary Pugatzky and President Lurie
of the Hebrew Bakers' Union, entered
and asked for the privilege of the floor.
After much opposition this was accorded.
He soon had his audience won over.
Cheering wildly, the non-union men, de
spite the protests of the employers, de
cided to abandon the parade and' Join the
strikers.
HOUSE PASSES MANY
PRIVATE PENSION BILLS
Most Important Is That Relating to
General Bice, a Civil War
Veteran.
VTASH1XGTOX. Jan. 11.— Not since the
Fifty-first Congress nas the House passed
as many private pension bills at a single
sitting as it did to-dav. In all 170 special
pension bills were P3ssed to-day. The
most important one was to increase the
pension of General A. V. Rice from JJ5
to J100. General Ric» was wounded sev
eral times during the civil war and lost
a leg at Vicksburg. He was formerly a
member of Congress from Ohio and was
the author of the arrearages of pensions
act. The Senate had j-assed a bill to in
crease his pension to $60 and the House
raised the amount to 5100.
Favors Quiet Title.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The House
Committee on Public Lands to-dav favor
ably reported a bill to perfect title in cer
tain Chippewa scrip land locatfd Inside
the city of Salt Lake. This scrip land was
located and patented years ago and subse
quently laid out In town lots, sold and
built upon. The Supreme Court held that
the scrip had been improperly located and
was void. As many innocent purchasers
had Improved the property iiie commit
tee acted favorably upon the bill to quiet
title.
Roosevelt Leaves for Meeker.
RIFLE. Colo., Jan. 11. — Colonel Theo
dore Roosevelt and his hunting compan
ions left here this morning for Meeker in
a four-horse tally-ho. On their arrival at
Meeker the hunters will at once start wl h
Guide John Doff for Coyote Basin, where
(he hunt is to take place.
The pleasant ¦weather brought out a
large gallery. The links are in splendid
condition, softened by the late rains and
covered with an unusual carpet of grass.
Smith played Harry Grindlay, the local
professional, an eigrnteen-hole match, in
the morning, winning by 3 up and 2 to
play.
Bell essayed the best ball of E. B. Tufts
ttnd R. If. H. Chapman for eighteen holes,
the game resulting in a tie. Bell and
Smith will remain here until next
Wednesday as the guests of the Country
Club, playing matches each day. It is
expected that an even lower record will
be made by one or both of the profession
als before they leave.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 1L— David Bell
and Willie Smith, the noted professional
golf players, began a series of exhibition
matches at the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club to-day. In a four-ball four
some between the professionals and C. E.
Maud of Riverside and C. E. Orr of Pasa
dena, amateurs. Smith established a new
record for the course by making a score
of 73 for the eighteen holes. Bogey for
the course Is SO and the . record hereto
fore has been S2. The professionals won
the :nr.tch by 3 up and 2 to play In a bril
liant game.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call
dition and Spectators
Enjoy the Playing.
Links f?re in Excellent Con-
GflMES AT LOS ANGELES
come quite the thing for park drivers to
stop off and take a look at Byers at hit
dally exercise. He is a clever bag puncher
and his boxing bouts with his trainers
furnish more than ordinary amusement to
those who like to look upon the fighter be
fore he steps Into the ring.
SMITH BREAKS
THE GOLF
RECORD.
The following hanfibai! ir.a.tche« will be
played to-morrow at the San Francisco
courts:
M. Dillon and O. Hutchlnson vs. J.
Feenry and P. Kelly: W. H. Sieberst and
I». J. Sheehan vs. E. McDonough and J.
It. Bookman ; P. McKinncn and H. Ra
codUet vs. M. McNeil and L. Carraine;
E. Harry an<l J Kirby vs. D. Regan and
J Fo!«-y; O. B. I lay ward and M. Levy vs.
SI. IJas'ch and M. Joyce; W. Williams and
P. Bran vs. J. Lawless and D. Connelly;
A. McVJckw and Joe Condon vs. F.
I^ach ar.d T. Fol^y; J. Harlow and J.
Etonian vs. W. Magiiire and E. Curley;
J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kihjailon vs. J.
White and J. Collins.
WILL PLAY HANDBALL.
The Olympic Club will hold a big singles
handball tournament, commencing to
morrow afternoon. The draw 'was heM
last night at the club. The Sunday
xr.atches will be:
C. J. Lecari vs. Max Roser-feld: Thomas
J. Walsh vs. A. Duffy: George James v?
O. Crabb; William Cartwright vs. T. F.
Kennedy. On Monday evening the follow
ir.tr grames will be played: Phil Newman
vi R Bowman: George Llttlef:eld vs. T.
F'.evln: John Talt vs. H. V. Welch; Jack
Gleason vs. Fred Butz.
Tournament Play Will Begin
Sunday and Continue for
Many Days.
DRflW FOR T!-jE SINGLES.
QEORGE BYERS of Boston
reached Sun Francisco on Tues
day and went into training a.- 1
once. He Is colored and more of
the boxer type than the heavy
Bghter. Out at the Seal Roch House he is
grinding away at indoor work. It has be-
OLYMPICS ON
HANDBALL
COURTS
, KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 1L— Mrs. Lulu
Prince-Kennedy, who last evening shot
and killed her husband of a month, Philip
H. , Kennedy, 5 contracting: agent of the
Merchants' . Dispatch Transportation
Company, passed a restless night in jail.
She refused to talk of ; the murder to re
porters, except .to inquire with a emile,
"Did they get out an extra 'and did the
papers say I. was good-looking?" "I don't
want to talk to any man.'' said Mrs. Ken
nedy later; "I will let the other people do
the talking."" : ¦ - - - ¦
MBS. KENNEDY^ PASSES
RESTLESS NIGHT IN JAIL
- MANILA, Jan. 11.— The campaign In
Northern Mindanao Is conducted person
ally by. Brigadier General Kobbe,* with
headquarters at Cayagan. Colonel Brik
heimer with five companies of the Twen
ty-eighth Regiment has swept the country
and destroyed Filipino strongholds In the
vicinity of Santa Ana.
Major Case of the Fortieth Regiment Is
operating In - the mountainous region of
Southwest '¦: C3yagan. He has destroyed
several strongholds ; and captured some
prisoners.
v Minor captures and surrenders continue
In Luzon. '¦•¦}?•
Mindanao.
panies Sweeps Northern
Colonel Brikheimer With Five Com-
the Pan- American Steam
ship Company.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— General Edward
C. O'Brien a shareholder In the Pan-
American Steamship Company, which was
Incorporated In Trenton, N. J., on De
cember 22 last, announced the plan of the
corporation. It Is to establish a line of
freight steamships and maintain a weekly
service between this port and China.
Japan and the Philippine Islands. To do
this will require a large number of steam
ships, but General O'Brien said that al
ready the company had In view ten fast
twin screw steamships and others will be
built as they are needed. ¦ j
MOVEMENTS OF TROOPS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Edward O'Brien Outlines tha Plans of
WEEKLY SERVICE.
/TO THE FAS EAST
Will Refuse to Renew Expiring: Con
tracts and Purchase Long-Run
ning- Ones Outright.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— The Record to-mor
row will say: Absolute control of the vast
Interests of the nation's express <foxnpa
nies may fall into the hands of the rail
road financial powers. Preliminary steps
toward such an object are- said to have
been taken under the guidance of J. Pler
pont Morgan, James J. Hill and others,
who are figuring prominently in the re
cently reported railway deals, and the
general schema has been outlined. The
report has it that the powers intend to
conduct the express business of the coun
try as a regular department of railroad
operation, strong provisions being made
to have all roads act in harmony.
While nothing definite regarding the
plans is obtainable, it is claimed to be the
intention of the railroad officers to refuse
to renew contracts with the companies
where the remaining life of the contracts
is not long, and to make outright pur
chases of franchises where the contracts
still have long lives before them.
The express companies have contracts
ianging all the way from five to twenty
years, and at the expiration of their legal
agreements thev are at the mercy of the
railroad companies. ¦
Baron Currie Makes Explanation to
Italian Minister and Incident Is.
Considered Closed.
ROME, Jan. 11.— Replying to the press
criticisms on the presence of Baron Cur
rie, the British Embassador, at the re
cent soiree given by the Duke of Norfolk,
when, according to report, the Pope was
toasted, a semi-official note says:
"Baron Currie has visited Marquis Vls
conti Venosta (Italian Minister of For
eigner Affairs), and while disavowing the
words used by the Duke of Norfolk In the
address to the Pope at the presentation of
the English pilgrims, he explained that
no toast whatever had been given at the
soiree, adding that, had the Pope and
Queen Victoria been toasted, King Victor
Emmanuel would also have been toasted.
The incident is considered closed."
PARIS, Jan. 11.— La Hberte publishes
this evening a dispatch from Rome de
scribing a farewell meeting of mission
arles yesterday in the College of the Con
gregation de Propaganda Fide In the
presence of a number of Cardinals. Each
missionary spoke, but, when the turn
of a Boer priest came. Cardinal Vaughan.
Archbishop of Westminster, according to
the > dispatch. left the hall, followed by
several Englishmen. Those who re
mained, however, are said to have cheered
the Boer priest enthusiastically.
EAILWAYS TO "cOUTKOIi
NATION'S EXPRESS BUSINESS
NO TOASTS GIVEN
AT NORFOLK'S SOIBEE
I
GEORGE BYERS. THE BOSTON' MIDDLE-WEIGHT. WHO WILL. FIGHT
JACK ROOT NEXT WEEK. CAUGHT BY THE CAMERA IX A CHAR
ACTERISTIC POSE WHILE BOXING TTITH HIS TRAINERS
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Peter Maher. the
Irish champion, has been signed by Jim
Kennedy, matchmsker of the Twentieth
Century Club of San Francisco, to meet
the winner of the Pharkey-McCoy light,
which will be fought on or about Feb
ruary 2S next.
Maher Is Signed.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 11.'— The directors of
the Saengerfest Athletic Association of
Cincinnati . express the, fullest determina
tion to-night that the Jeffries-Ruhlln fight
will be pulled off here February 15, but
the preponderance of public sentiment Is
to the contrary. •
The ministers held an enthusiastic meet
ing to-day and the women's clubs , and
other organizations opposing the flgnts
were unusually active, but the contest is
now between Mayor Fleischmann and the
Saengcrfest Athletic Association. After
repeated conferences with their attorneys
these two elements finally met. To-night
the directors gave out the following:
"The members of the Saengerfest
Athletic Association Company to-day re
quested of Mayor Fleischmann the imme
diate issuance of a permit. The Mayor
declined to Issue the permit now, but re
affirmed his promise and assured the
committee that he would issue the permit
two days before the date of the proposed
contest. The directors yet hold that the
contest can and will take place in Cin
cinnati on February 15."
Since Mayor Fleischmann , has been le
gally advised that the fight for the cham
pionship of the ' world does not come
within the Ohio statutes for sparring ex
hibitions under the auspices of a bona
ride athletic club. It Is understood that it
is the only kind of permit that he would
give two days in advance, and would como
ur.der the Ohio law: letting, the directors
take the chances in proceeding under that
permit.
In addition to the conferences to-day
between counsel there was an informal
meeting of the members of the bar and an
opinion was sent to Mayor Fleischmann,
signed by twelve leading attorneys, in
cluding Judge Judson Harmon, who was
Attorney General under the Cleveland
administration, and other ex-Judges, not
ably John \V. Warrington. This opinion
holds that for the past twelve years the
laws of Ohio have been severe against
prizefighting, the only exception being for
f--parrin.tr exhibitions under the auspices of
a bona fide athletic club. The attorneys
hold that a contest for the championship
of the\ world would not be held by any
court to be a sparring exhibition, and it
further points out that the Saengerfest
Athletic Club was incorporated after the
articles of agreement were signed by Jeff
ries and Ruhlin.
Notwithstanding all the objections
which confront them, the directors of the
Saengerfest Athletic Club to-nlpht insist
that they will have the tight and work i»
still progressing at Saengcrfest Hall.
The remodeling will be completed next
week. The directors have made no over
tures to Manager Brady for relief and E.
G. Cook, who is representing Brady here,
is proceeding with his arrangements.
The directors and their friends insist to
night that there is an understanding
about the permit not being issued until a
day or two before P'ebruary 15, so as to
avoid interference or other obstructions.
In the contract of the Saensrerfest Club
*vlth the contestants, which includes $5000
forfeit, the club Is not held responsible if
the fight is prevented by the Governor or
Mayor, and there is much gossip about
these conditions having their influence at
this time.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Gus Ruhlin con
cluded his training in the East to-day and
will leave to-morrow for Cincinnati,
where he will bejrln final preparations for
his fight with Jeffries, which Is scheduled
for February 15.
The attorneys of the Evangelical Asso
ciation of this city have a warrant for
the arrest of Gus Ruhlin. who has an en
gagement to appear at the Irwln matinee
here next Saturday and at the perform
ances during the week while he in train
ing here. The Ohio statute makes it a
felony to be in training in this State for a
prizefight, and under this section the op
ponents of the fight propose to begin with
the prosecution of Ruhlin, even to the ex
tent of taking his case before the Grand
Jury, which is now In session.
Cincinnati's Mayor Unmoved
by Storm of Public
Disapproval.
FLEISCHMfiNN'S PROMISE
WILL ISSUE A
PERMIT TO
FIGHT.
First prize in the flve-men team went
to Chicago, as did that in the individual
bowling. N'cw York taking the champion
ship in the two-men contest.
Financially and in every other way the
tournament proved a decided success.
On two nights many people were turned
away who were not able to secure stand
ing room; and the receipts from admis
sions were considerably smaller than
would have been the case had the tour
nament taken place In a larger hall.
Individual prize winners:
P. Brill, Chicago Ms
J. KOdter. Xew York ..' 621
>i. G: Allen, Chlcngo 536
O. Williamson, Brooklyn J93
C. Shaffer. Sew York 6S0
U Shaffer, Xew York CSO
K. Silver. New York L7>»
D. Koster, Eri», Pa 577
B. Fancke, Belleville. Ill 674
T. C. Johannsmyer, Xew York 572
-\. Voilrath. Belleville. Ill is*
II. Colling. Columbus, O.... 669
V. Lee, Columbus 066
W .Taefrer, Chicago 554
U. D. Jones, Chicago 606
P. 1L Ilurson. Chicago 6M
8. ,I>. Blgby. Lansing 636
H. Saxby, Columbus , £92
CHICAGO, Jan. 1L— At the end. of the
bowling tournament to-night prize** were
awarded as follows: Five-men team prize
winners:"
Standard. Chicago »770
Crescent. Chicago 2692
Inter-State. Erie. Pa .' . 2678
Difficulty. Belleville 2660
Fellowship. Chicago 2KT»
Dlels. St. Louis 2627
Prosperity. Brooklyn 2616
Fidelia. New York 2S08
Two-men team prize winners:
Voorhees and Starr. Xew York 1103
Snlinan and Linden, Xew York 1137
RJcsek and Laughrey. Ohlcapo 1130
Brill and Coltel'.n, Chicago lHO
Klene and Ban3hart, Chicago UOO
Knox and Jay, Indianapolis 1108
>»enna and Haslain. Chicago 1103
Crawford and Bender. Chicago ...1094
Murray. & Weber., Chicago 1W0
Nowbery and Mcnnlnger, Detroit 1037
Alten and O'Rourke. Chicago 1078
He<-d and Collins, Columbus. 0 107S
Fluher and Broen, Xew York 1077
Bastlan and Jaeger, Chicago 1078
Many People fire Turned
flway, Unable to Secure
. Even Standing Roorr).
TOURNAMENT A SUCCESS
BOWLING PRIZE
IS WON BY
CHICAGO
DENVER, Jan. ll.-Rufe Turner of
Stockton, California, put out Otto Sleloff
of Chicago in the fourth round of what
was to have been a i<m-round go before
the Colorado Athletic Association hero
to-night. Otto fought his usual rushmsj
style and frequently clinched. He waT-»
tumbled over In the first round Jt>y a sharp
right uppercut into which he ducked after
missing a left jab to the bodr.
Turner did not try to land except when
Otto would rush at him until the third
round, when he assumed the aggresslva.
SielofT immediately resorted to cHnchir.s
and in the fourth Turner returned to hl-s
former plan of waiting ior a chance. Af
ter a sharp mix-ur> Otto started to duck
away and Rufe landed a right half swing
with full force on Otro's law.
The latter's head seemed to strike tho
floor before any other portion of his body
and the noise of the contact was plains
heard throughout the house.
He was counted out and was unable to
leave the ring for five minutes after tho
end of the light. Turner was almost a-j
fresh and free from Injury as wUen he en
tered the rirnr. "
Cl)icagoan Ducks Right Into
ai) Uppercut After Mlss
• ing a Left Jab.
RUFE TURNER TOO QUICK
SIELOFFLASTS
BUT FOUR
ROUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
J. V. Kirfcy a Ncse Ahead of Sol Lichtenstein
at the Wire— Five Choices Go Down.
ORDNUNG TOO FAST
FOR ROLLING BOER
iMiddle-Weight Fighter Is Conditioning Himself
Rapidly for His Match With Root.
GEORGE BYERS AT
HIS DAILY WORK
5
SUNDAY'S CALL
WHAT IS A CHRISTIAN?
By Kcr. Samuel Slocombc
A Colony of Chinese Pirates
in Our Midst.
The Best Known Dog on the
f Pacific Coast.
Treasures of the White
How to Teach Toe Dancing.
READ THE NEW SERIES OF
FUNNY STORIES i
"Mr. Bowser's Tribulations"
And
••Widow Magoogin Papers."
The Crack Amateur Rifle Shot
of America.
Peck's Bad Boy and theGro-
ceryman in New York.
IN ISSUE OF JANUARY THIRTEENTH.Among the primary laws which will be proposed at
this session of the Legislature is one providing for
the nomination of candidates without the intervening
uproar of conventions. Martin Kelly is not the
author of the bill.
So the Southern Pacific Company is out of politics.
It would be interesting to know, then, what it is
pleased to call the shameful business its agents are in
at the Capitol in Sacramento. Perhaps these agents
are farmers.
New York has been pronounced absolutely inco"
rigible.. It is announced on the highest authority that
only personal, Christian influence will purge the city
of the manifold evils which reflect tipoa its purity.
EMPIRE TEAGOWN.
The Empire teagewn represented is of
m&uve colored Liberty silk. In th» four
xeau style. Over the silk skirt, in tha
upper part, is a short skirt of white em
broidered tulle. The corsage Is a kind of
spencer, made of heavy guipure, embroid
ered with gold, with a purling of black
ribbon velvet. Tho skirt is edged round
the bottom with mauve muslin roses.
Cora— So you think the mistletoe is the
most appropriate decoration for the holi
days? - ,-
Merritt— Yes, my-dsar. It undoubtedly
smacks of Christmas. — Puck.'
—Philadelphia Record.
"I sometimes think I'd like to live on
the planet Uranus." s
"Why bo?"
"Weft, a fellow can claim he can see
four, moons up there without being con
sidered too convivial."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.. • V *4
Oh, Christmas-tide, thy discipline quite
moves my soul to weep;
We give away such loveiy things we mad
ly yearn to keep.
r. -^-Chicago Record.
Mrs. Tatum Mr. tarts
And suspected Master Tatum :
Asked him what he took 'em 4;
.Frankly he replied, "I 8 'em."
—Philadelphia Press.
VMlster." said Meandering Mike, "have
you got a quarter you could spare?"
"What do you want with It?"
"And : with £ a: look ¦ of ; pity and reproach
came the answer:
.'.'I Jes' wanted money enough to go be
fore a notary an' swear off nex' Now
Year day; dat's all."— Washington Star.
He married a girl who couldn't cook.
And thus his hopes ran high;
But alas! she bought a recipe book,
And lust began to try.
Poor chapli - *
She Just began to try.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PERSONAL. MENTION.
Dr. F. W. Richardson, U. S. A., is at the
Grand.
B. F. Brooks, a Bakersfleld oil man, is
at the Palace.
D. B. HajiBon, a Seattle lumber man, is
at the Grand.
Captain R. S. Spllman. U. 8. A., is at
the Occidental. O>;''\
J. "W. B. Montgomery, a Chlco rancher,
is at the Grand. .
Senator A. T. Currier of Los Angeles
!s at the California. ,
Miss Grace Hamilton of Manchester,
England, Is at the Palace.
R. C. Burgess, a beet sugar man at Con
cord. Is at the Occidental.
Senator J. B. Curtln of Sacramento Is
registered at the California,
Commander and Mrs.. F. G. Roberta of
Mare Island are at the Occidental.-
W. H. Hammond, a capitalist and land
owner at Eureka, is at the Grand.
James H. Hill and wife of Los Angeles
are spending a few days at the California.
E. A. Tuilan, United States Fish Com
missioner at Washington, Is at the Grand.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
McKINLET AND BRYAN— D. E. A..
Long Beach, and others. McKlnley's pop
ular vote in 1S56 was 7,104,779; in 1900, 7,
233,715. Bryan's vote was in 1S&6, 6,502,923
in 1900, 6,255,668.
THE HAGUE CONVENTION— F. B. R..
City. , Neither the Orange Free State nor
the Transvaal republic was represented
in the Peace Conference at The Hague
which commenced In May, 1S99.
NO SUCH CONFESSION-Clty "Sub-
scriber. City. The Rev. George J. Gibson
is not dead. He never made a confession
in connection with the murder of the two
girls In the Bartlett-street church.
POPULAR VOTE— J. M. "W., City. Tour
question and those of others aa to
the popular vote for President of the
United States at tho November election
1900, are deferred for answer until official
figures from' each Stale shall have been
obtained. .
MUST RENEW CITIZENSHIP— C. a.
Sacramento, Cal. If John Jacob Astor,
born in the United States, after going to
England and becoming a citizen of Great
Britain, should return to the United
States he would be an alien, and to re
sume his former American citizenship
would have to apply for naturalization
papers Just the same as any other alien.
HOMES FOR OLD MEN-A. 8., Los
Gatos. Cal. The Old People's Home, San
Francisco; Pacific Hebrew Home for
Aged and Infirm Israelites, San Francisco,
and the Aitenheim at Fruitvale receive
old men. The age of admission varies
from 60 to 63 years, and the amount to bo
paid for admission is according to condi
tions. For information as to such condi
tions address the superintendent of each
of these Institutions. /
LUMINOUS PAPER— F., Oakland, Cal.
The following is the manner in whtch
luminous, paper Is prepared:. Dry and
thoroughly mix by grinding three parts of
gelatine, three parts of potasstum bichro
mate and thirty-seven and one-half parts
of calcium sulphide. Stir one part of the
powder with . one and one-half parts of
boiling- water to a thickly fluid paint. Ap
ply one or two coats with a brush to the
paper or cardboard to be made luminous
Any druggist can put up this prepara
tion.
HOMESTEAD LANDS— B. M. M., City.
To ascertain where a certain piece of
homestead land l.i located as ' to section
and township apply at the office of the
United 8tates Land Surveyor In this city
To ascertain what land Is open to home
stead entry In .California send for a nlat
of lundn in each land district In the State
These are furnished at a cost of $1 each*
You probably have reference in your let
ter to subsidies that the Governmerst has
granted. According to the United States
land law decision* a divorced woman la
legally dead.-
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
The Native Sons of the Golden "West
have obtained a lease of the old custom
house at this place from the United States
Government, and at this session of the
Legislature a bill Is to be Introduced mak
ing an appropriation for Its restoration
and maintenance. At the same time an
effort is to be made to get an appropria
tion for the purpose of restoring and
maintaining Colton Hall. It is to be hoped
that these measures will pass without
opposition and will receive the prompt and
unqualified approval of Governor Gage.
No other of the early buildings have the
historic value of these structures, on one
of which was hoisted the flag that pro
claimed the sovereignty of the United
States over a wealthy and glorious em
pire, while In the other was framed the
constitution of the commonwealth. The
Legislature will certainly be remiss in Its
duties If It fails to provide for the pres
ervation of these buildings. — Monterey
New Era.
The people of Southern Santa Clara are
agitating county division. 'All the terri
tory south of a line running east and west
of Coyote will be In the new county. It Is
also proposed to take a slice of the north
ern end of this county. Gilroy will be the
county seat. The new county would have
a population of about 5000 and an assess
ment valuation of nearly JG.WO.OOO. An at
torney Is drawing up a county division bill
to be submitted to the present Legislature.
— Hollister Bee.
the part of some of the Senators. The In
cident Is not In Itself important, yet It ad
vertises California abroad as lacking In
particulars that a civilized State ought to
stand for.— Alameda Dally Argrua.
Southern California has the Speaker of
the House, the Governor and a United
States Senator. Good showing for one
fifth the population. — San Bernardino
Times-Index.
* • *
Governor Gage has something to say In
his message regarding legislative trading,
which deserves more attention than it is
likely to receive.— San Jose Herald.
• • •
There is no doubt that the Legislature
Is wide awake to the fact that the Chi
nese exclusion law Is near expiration and
that measures must be taken acordlngly.
California must not be backward about
expressing herself on the subject. — San
Jose Herald.
' "Caldwell of San Bernardino" Is the
way the Associated Press referred to the
Senator from this city. And so this Is the
outcome of our etruggles to have a states
man all our own. He goes up to Sacra
mento and loses his tag tha first day.—
Riverside Morning Enterprise.
The Swiate will have thirty-four com
mittees Instead of twenty-seven, as In
1S99. and as the number of Republican
Senators equals the number of commit
tees each member will have a chairman
ship. It remains to be seen whether or
not each committee will have a clerk.—
Sacramento^Record-Union.
The contretemps as to the Governor's
message will probably have aftermath.
The action of the Senate must have been
Inspired by Borne member who had an In
adequate Idea of the legislative amenities,
though doubtless tt was Inadvertent on
IT is suggested that the German Kaiser is influencing
the allies in China against the American policy ot
justice in dealing with that empire.
His original policy £01 setting up shambles in China,
and imitating Alaric, Attila, Genghiz Khan and Tam
erlane, having been defeated by the United States, he
is now believed to desire reprisals against us and is
i' sing for that purpose the quite general condition of
European jealousy of our trade supremacy.
As far as the American people are concerned, they
want their Government to stand, as it has from thi
beginning, for justice and right in China.
They recognize the ill effects of. the bloody policy of
Von Waldersee, who, under the pretense of hunting for
Boxers, has sent out punitive expeditions, which are
nothing less than slaughtering raids, in which men.
v.omen and children, innocent and guilty alike, are
crushed under the iron heel of his troopers.
If the Kaiser can influence Europe to enact inhuman
tragedies in China, let the responsibility be upon those
nations which gorge themselves with blood. The
United States may be powerless to prevent it, but our
hands will be kept clean.
The latest phase of the diplomatic tangle furnishes
room for believing that the United States may be
supported by Russia, and that if we withdraw from
the concert both will be out. Such action might, be
beneficial, as the rest of Europe would think twice
before plunging headlong against the protest of this
country and Russia.
The reasonable world is getting tired of the con
troversy and desires that it be settled. Responsibility
for the delay is constantly put upon China, but in
great part belongs to the other Governments, which
*re so watchful and suspicious of each other that they
delay decisions and make acute changes in their view
01 policy.
Meantime Chinese trade is suspended and commer
cial interests everywhere axe being sacrificed to Euro
pean politics.
One unaccountable feature in the present stage is
the hostile attitude of Austria toward the United
States. It was supposed that the incident of mutual
vithdrawal of diplomatic intercourse between the two
Governments which occurred some years ago had
passed, leaving no asperity of feeling. There have
been some minor troubles which do not justify the
her.t that seems to be shown at Vienna. This country
has received as immigrants a great many subjects of
Austria. One class of these, from old Bohemia, has
been out of favor at Vienna for a long time. But in
this country they Americanized and have furnished in
Wisconsin, Iowa, Texas and Nebraska many citizens
of prominence. Among them is Mr. Edward Rose
water of the Omaha Bee and Mr. Jonas of Wiscon
sin. President Cleveland sent Jonas as Consul to
Prague, his native city, and the Austrian Government
refused his exequatur and there was some rasping cor
respondence about it, ending in Jonas being accepted.
These incidents, however, do not furnish adequate
provocation for the reported Yankee-phobia which
seems to possess the Austrian court, and that feeling
must be referred to Berlin influence.
ANT1-0MERIC0N COMBINE.
THE NATIONAL GRAB GAME.
DEBATES in the House of Representatives on
the river and harbor bill have been fruitful of a
species of satire and a kind of humor that have
the advantage of being instructive as well as enter
taining. They go far toward demonstrating that ap
propriation bills for internal improvements are in the
nature of a national grab game, and that Congress
men who are most concerned in it are not so much
national statesmen as the mere representatives of con
stituencies.
In the debate on last Thursday, for example, Cush
man of Washington displayed before the House a
large chart containing figures of a size that
could be read easily by members in the re
motest part of the hall. On the chart were
displayed the names of the States having rep
resentatives on the River and Harbor Com
mittee, together with the amounts of appropriations
proposed for each. The figures showed that for those
States the bill carries direct appropriations of
$14,238,260, and authorized expenditures of $24,457,889.
For the remaining States the bill carries appropria
tions direct and authorized to the amount of $38,349.
000. Thus the members of the committee assigned
to their States about as much as they conceded to
all the rest of the Union, and there are ten States and
Territories that receive no appropriations whatever.
As for Washington, Mr. Cushman complained "it
has been overlooked like a white chip on a faro table."
He went on to say he .represents a city that has a
tonnage of 6,000,000, and it had been put off "with the
measly sum of $30,000." Then he shouted, "If you
think my vote can be bought at that price you are
off your base." Warming to his home theme he
added: "Imperial Caesar divided Gaul into three
parts, but he was an ancient and a provincial; had
he lived to the dawn of the twentieth century he would
have divided 'gall' into parts enough to give one to
each member of the River and Harbor Committee."
Perhaps the best contribution to the debate was
that of Hepburn of Iowa. That statesman attacked
the committee for granting such large appropriations
to the big cities of the Atlantic coast, and said the ap
propriations were made merely because "some freak
ship-builder saw fit to build an abnormal ship." He
declared: "Because a Scotch ship-building firm was
building a 6hip to draw thirty-four feet the last river
and harbor bill decided to increase the channel in New
York harbor to forty feet; now this bill proposed to
deepen the channel at the Boston harbor. Next yea*-
Philadelphia would demand deeper water; then Bal
timore, Charleston and New Orleans." In conclusion,
lie argued that ship-builders could be compelled to
conform the draught of their ships to the depth of the
water in the harbors they were to enter and not com
pel Governments to adapt the harbors to the draught
of the ships.
The idea that ships should be made to fit harbors
instead of making the harbors to fit the ships, is onfe
of those inland views of maritime problems that can
be best pictured in a comic paper. It has, however,
some basis of reason, for there must eventually be
some adaptation of the ship to the natural configura
tion of the world. We cannot remake the earth to suit
the ship-building trade.
Finally it was disclosed in the debate that one of
the members of the committee, Bishop of Michigan,
has in his district six counties fronting on the lake,
and he had put into the bill a harbor appropriation for
every one of them; while a member from Florida
on the committee had managed to obtain an appro
priation for a harbor that is not to be found on the
latest maps.
Such are the things a Representative has to meet
ir seeking to promote internal improvements in his
State. It it any wonder that men of long experiencl
are needed in Congress?. Is it strange that member
ship on the River and Harbor Committee is regarded
as a "pudding" in which none but old members are
entitled to share?
STATE PRESS COMMENTS
ANENT THE LEGISLATURE
THE METRIC SYSTEM.
WITH this Congress an earnest effort is to be
made to bring about the establishment in this
country of the metric system of weights and
measures. It is indeed time that something were
done in that direction. The Russian Government has
decided to establish it throughout the Czar's do
minions, and when it goes into effect there ourselves
and the British will be the only civilized people on*
earth who do not use it.
That there is a commercial advantage to be gained
by adopting it has long since been pointed out not
only by our Consuls but by British authorities who
have made a study of foreign markets. The machinery
made and used throughout Continental Europe is
gauged and constructed according to the metric sys
tem. The workmen «re familiar with the measure
ments of that system, while they do not know the
measures of America and Great Britain, and con
sequently if other things are all equal the articles that
conform to the metric system are preferred in the
market.
Some time ago it was reported from Germany that
the Iron and Steel Manufacturers' Union of- that
country had adopted a uniform system of metric di
mensions for all articles of universal consumption,
and it was announced at the time that the reason for
the step was that competition between great manu
facturing nations has now become so keen that every
point of advantage is a matter of importance, and
experience has shown that in dealing with people
who use the metric system there is a big advantage in
usinjj the same measurements. •
The market in which the metric system is used is
very large. It is estimated that two-thirds of the peo
ple living in civilized countries use that system, and
the number is increasing, for it is to be noted the
metric system is growing in favor in all parts of the
world. When it has been established in Russia there
will be another vast market using such measurements
It is clear, therefore, that if exporters of America and
Great Britain wish to compete on even terms with
their rivals they will have to follow the example of
the majority.
Of course it is not expected that the system could
be put into operation at once. The bill now in the
hands of the House Committee on Coinage, Weights
and Measures provides only for the use of the met
ric system in all transactions by and with the Gov
ernment after a fixed date. The operation of such
a law would compel the people to acquaint themselves
with the system and would thus; prepare the way for
the adoption of such measurements in private busi
ness.
It is probable the change in our weights and meas
ures could be effected with much less difficulty thin
appears at first thought. The terms, "Metres, grams,
kilos," etc., appear strange to us,,but we are a people
who easily adopt new words, and the . calculations
would be no trouble to us at all, for these are based
upon the decimal system with which our coinage has
made us thoroughly familiar. The greatest trouble
would be in getting our scales and measuring instru
ments changed and in applying ; the metric system to
our subdivisions of land, but even in those respects
the reform could doubtless be worked out without
entailing any great amount of confusion.
It is to be noted that the British are working for
the new system even more eagerly than ourselves.
Not long ago the Associated Chambers of Commerce
of Great Britain adopted resolutions declaring that
whereas the present system of British weights and
measures is "in the opinion of her Majesty's Cpnsuls
responsible for great injury to British trade, this as
sociation urges her Majesty's Government to intro
duce into and carry through Parliament as speedily
as possible a bill providing that the use of the metric
system of weights and measures shall be compulsory
within two years of the passage of the bill, and sug
gests that meanwhile the system should be adopted
ir. all specifications for Government : contracts."-
Since Russia has already acted and Great Britain is
preparing to act, it is surely time for the United States
to give the subject serious consideration. We rauat
keep up with the procession.
THE horoscope of the twentieth
century has been cast for the Bos
ton POst by a noted astrologer,
known in astrological literature
as "Hermes." .
Mercury stands In the tenth house of the
Zodiac, and Mars" In the seventh house,
both in angles. Mercury rules the desti
nies of the United States, and its dom
inant position over Mars shows that the
United States will rule the whole of North
and South America, but not without fight
ing with Germany and England, for Mars,
the ruler of those countries, stands in the
house of open enemies. Uranus, the ruler
of Russia, however, stands In the,power
ful ruling tenth house, and near to Mer
cury, showing a possible coalition between
Russia and the United States.
Uranus and Saturn, rulers of the rising
sign, portend universal changes In politi
cal and intellectual circles, and point to a
growth of \sociallsm.
The spread of education, commerce,
aerial and submarine navigation, increase
of mechanical Invention, are all Indicated
by Mercury strongly placed In the tenth
house elevated above all other planets.
Celibacy will increase, as is indicated
by. the conjunction of Venus with tha
moon In Mars' second house of Scorpio.
"Wars and rumors of wars and business
disasters are shown; the first by the po
sition of the sun in the house of con
gresses near to Saturn, and the second by
the position of a retrograde Neptune In
the house of speculation. Speculation In
general will be very active In the opening
years of the new century.
The outlook on the whole Is optimistic
and rose-colored, Sagktarlua rules the
eleventh house, the- house of hopes, am
bitions and of congresses, parliaments,
etc. Jupiter, Its ruler, applying to a con-
Junction of the sun, and the moon In con
junction with Venus In the ninth, are both
grand testimonies of an optimistic world
outlook for the twentieth century.
Governments will yield popular meas
ures to the people; religious creeds will
near a better point of common under
standing, and bigotry will decline.
WHAT THE PLANETS AND ZODIAC INDICATE WILL HAPPEN TO MEN
AND NATIONS DURING THE PRESENT CENTURY. ACCORDING TO
HERMES.
SATURDAY JANUARY 12. 1901
?OHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
Aidrtss All CcBBBCiesUe&a U W. S. LEASE, Ksaagtr.
MANAGISH'S OFFICE. ...... 204
I'lUMCATlUX OFFICE. . .Marlc^t «nd Third. S. F.
Trlrphoae Press 2O1.
HDTTORIAI. ROOMS 217 t« 221 Jteremoa it.
Telephone Prtii 2O2.
nrMrrrrfl tiy Carrier*, in Ont* Per We«lc
Stnirle Copien. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Postaires
OATLT CALti <JncIo«!lrr fiunday). one year .....$•••*
TJAILT CAL.I. <lnc!uilDK Sunday). «' months. ................. t.00
DAILT CALX* (lnelnfllnr Sunday), t month*.: l.M
2AILT CAIA-Br Single Month «c
6TODAT CALU One Tear 1-50
WEEKLT f»V One Tear »-*•
All poitmaiten are authorized to receive
subscription*.
Sampl* eoptes will be forwarded Then requested.
Mall rDbwril-r» fn erderlnr chanr* of adflretn rtionld
particular to *1vs both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to roeure a prozspt and correct compliance with their request.
OAICLAMl OFFICE X1X8 Brendrrar
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
Kitkftr T errlga A£rert:s:-g, KtrqnetU BoHllng. Cfcietgo.
il-ers Distance Telephone '"Central S61».">
N*EW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C C AFILTO X Herald S«vare
KETW TORK KEPREEENTATITB:
«-T»:rnnx B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldtnc
NTW TORK NEW8 STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Betel; A, Brent an o, XI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman I!obw: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fmnont House : Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. O OFFICE. . . .1406 G St.. 5. W.
HOUTO.V B. CHAM!. Correspondent.
ORAJrCH OFFICES— €27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
Cfitll 1:29 o'clock. SCO Hares, cpes until I:M o'clock. 633
McAllister, open vntll t :S0 o'clock. M Larkln. open nntll
t:JO o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
coiuei Sixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
cctll * o'clock. 106 Eleventh. op©n until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until > o'clock.
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
BY way of New Year greetings the Merchants'
Association Review presents to the people in
the January number an earnest plea for united
action in all movements tending to the advancement
of the city. It very justly says: "Mere location in the
highway of commerce will not of itself create 1
metropolis. Climate end soil will not determine the
result. Many of the worst failures in cities are the
world's ideal spot*; some of the most success
ful communities are almost barren of natural re
sources. That city carries off the palm whose citizens
seize the opportunity." '%'-}'
The Merchants' Association can with good grace
make this plea for unity and for action, since it has
itself practiced what it preaches and set the example
it desires others to follow. The Review states that
there are at present 2500 legitimate business houses in
San Francisco, and over half > of the number, have al
ready enrolled as members of the association. That
in itself is a record to be proud of. It is questionable
whether any other large city in the Union has an insti
tution devoted to the service of the public which has
been able to draw to its' membership so large a pro
portion of the business population..
The success which has attended the association is
due to what it has done for the public more than to
what it has done for its members. It is because it has
proven itself useful to the whole community that the
business men of the city have in such large numbers
united themselves with it, and that fact is creditable
alike to the organization as a whole and to the indi
viduals who compose it.
The success attained in the past gives promise of
greater successes to come. More than half the busi
ness houses of the city are now allied with the asso
ciation. Why should not all be allied with it?
The conditions of the commercial world at this time
render it important that San Francisco exert the full
force of all her enterprising men at this juncture.
The rapidity with which Pacinc Ocean trade is de
veloping and shaping its course makes this a critical
period in the history of the city. . As has been said by
the Review: "As certain as the earth's revolution, one
of the world's greatest cities will exist on the Pacific
Coast. Whether it will be on Puget Sound, or in
Oregon, or in Central or Southern California, will
depend upon the comparative capacity of the people
of Seattle, or Portland, Los Angeles or San Francisco
to win the prize."
Here, then, are a great issue and a golden oppor
tunity. We cannot meet the one with assurance of
victory nor fully profit by the other unless there be
unity of action among our citizens. The men who
have upheld the Merchants' Association in the past
should support it now with increased ardor, and those
who have hitherto held. aloof should now unite with
it and make up for former apathy by zeal in the
future.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Bewards of Journalism.
Edison, John Wanamaker and Richard
Watson Gilder were all amateur Journal
ists, each owning and editing a newspa
per before he was 16. Gilder alone stuck
to his boyhood profession, and the mem
ber who eventually got farthest away
from it is now- the wealthiest of tr.e
three— New York World.
Kipling's Prophficy.
Now that "Bobs" has become an Earl,
He'll wear a coronet
Where 'is 'elmet used to set.
But, as Kipling adds, he "won t forget,
will yer Bobs?" One of the peculiarity
of "Bobs" is that he stands up for every
body else who Is deserving. The other day
he spoke of the soldiers as his com
rades," and said they were "heroes on tha
field of battle and gentlemen on all other
occasions."— Toronto Mall.
A IMsgnsted Clergyman-
Rev Dr Parker of London is said to be
very much disgusted over the non-suc
cess of his venture as editor of the Lon
don Sun. He was given entire charge of
that paper, a la Sheldon, and started out
on his brief editorial career With a firm
determination to "elevate the standard of
Journalism." From all accounts— and
chiefly from his own testimony— he ap
pears not to have been any more success
ful in this undertaking than are some so
ciety actresses who essay to elevate the
stage.— New York Evening Post.
MdKlnley Is Brave.
The vexed question of precedence at of
ficial functions has been set at rest by
President McKinley. and ambitious con
sorts of Cabinet officers need struggle no
longer for social apples of Sodom. Mr.
McKinley merely accords "to the leading
executive. Judicial and legislative repre
sentatives of administrative authority the
social prerogatives which comport with
their high otHclal status and privileges;
and so ends happily— during the McKinley
regrime. at least— a complication calculated
to provoke mental stress and social tur
moil In Washington high life.— Chicago
Record.
Magic In a Kiss.
Is osculation intoxicating? It ha* fallen
under the ban of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union. In fact. It has been
made a subject of especial concern. There
Is poetry for it that there is magic in a
kiss. That It is an Impropriety— that is.
the promiscuous kind— Is admitted even
by the guilty kisser and the equally guilty
kissee in the caution, "Jvlss and never
tell." It is an acknowledged exhllarant. a
stolen sweet, a surreptitious delight, and
many other characterizations of a naught
iness that's nice, but It has not been re
garded of that class of Intoxicants against
which tho temperance crusade was being
waged. It certainly is not an inebnant. —
Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
Pope iLeo's Vitality.
The most interesting personal predic
tion of the new century fa that made by
Dr. Lapponl. the Pop* 1 * physician, who
declares It probable that Leo XIII will
live to the age of 100. He is now 90, and
has occupied the papal throne since 1S7A.
His remarkable record of recent activity
shows the Pop« to be & man of extraor
dinary vitality, and whether Or. Lapponi'9
prophecy Is literally fulfilled or not, ha
already holds a unique place in the annals
of longevity. He is the most distinguished
survivor in the new century of that fa
mous group of great rulers and statesmen
who dominated the last half of the cen
tury gone— Bismarck, Von Moltke, Glad
stone, Disraeli, Queen Victoria and Kra
peror Franz Josef. — Kansas City Times.
Demand for Pacific Cable.
Now that surveys have established tha
fact that a direct route for the Paciflo
cable from San Francisco to the Philip
pines is feasible, the demand for tha lay
ing of the line is increasing in our West
ern States. California i3 stretching out
its communications with the rest of the
world, and every day direct and quick
communication with the Orient la shown
to be the great need of the western coast
of the continent. San Francisco has been
called the "right hand of the continent."
though to Bpeak more correctly "left
hand" would seem the better title, for it
has been long in learning Its possibilities.
But now that it has started to press for
ward as a great exporting and importing
city, the need for the Pacific cable has be
come paramount. — Philadelphia Inquirer.
Great Year for Immigrants. *
According to the report from the bargs
office at Ellis Island. New York harbor,
during the year Just closed. 369,573 immi
grants were landed. This was an increasa
of 90,727 over 1S33, which, in its turn, was
marked by the heaviest influx of immi
grants since 1S92. The Hebrew immigra
tion is one-eighth of the total, and the
greater percentage of this class were Rus
elan Jews. The Irish, German and Scan
dinavian immigration has fallen off re
markably. Under the system that now
prevails undesirable or pauper immigrants
are not allowed to land. There were 734
deportations during the past »lx months.
It is also believed that the number of
"undesirables" who reach this country
from Canada is much less now than be
fore the Treasury Department adopted
the present regulations, and provided for
inspection at Canadian ports.— Buffalo
Commericlal.
EZJOREIGN ship-owning interests are working
1 hard to postpone, paralyze or in any way defeat
*• the bill to secure an American merchant marine.
Their stake is the largest held by any interest that
can be affected by Congressional legislation. Last
year we paid in freight to these foreign ship-owners
$160,000,000. That vast sum went abroad from this
country to pay the profits of foreign owners and ship
builders and the wages of foreign workmen. If by
some compulsion this country had been, laid under
tribute to Europe and compelled to pay that amount
in one year our people would be up in arms and ready
for war to end the drain forced under duress.
The interest on that sum at 5 per cent is $8,000,000
a year. The shipping bill proposes to assist American
ships by the payment of $9,000,000, or only $1,000,000
more than the interest on the money we pay to Europe
for transporting our merchandise to its market.
In fact, then, it is proposed to help shipping to the
extent of only one million a year, since keeping the
year's sum at home which we now pay to Europe adds
its increment to the national wealth..'
Great interests centered in New York and influenced
by the foreign shipping combine are on record to the
effect that "American cargoes under the American
flag" is a mere sentiment. It is a pretty good Ameri
can sentiment that will keep $160,000,000 a year at
home as profit to American ship-owners and wages to
American ship-builders instead of sending it abroad.
We are perfectly aware that no prejudice will be left
unappealed to by this foreign influence to defeat the
bill. Already Senator Hanna is being roundly abused
for advocating it, and even Republicans are whispered
into frantic declarations that he will ruin the party
by it.
If the party can be knlled by legislation that stop*
a foreign drain of $160,000,000 a year by spending
only $1,000,000 in excess of its interest, let its epitaph
be, "Blessed are' the dead that die in the Lord," for
no party ever laid down its life in a better cause.
We would like objectors to tell us why we need
a navy if we are to have no merchant marine? Do
not Americans see that the foreign argument against
merchant ships, if it prevail, supplies a home argu
ment against a navy, so that we are simply being used
a« tools by foreign Governments which fear our naval
supremacy and wish to avert it?
Last year American ships were paid only $15,000,000
for American freights, and it may well be asked why
we need a navy costing $200,000,000 to convoy and
stand ready to defend such a trifling American inter
est as that $15,000,000 represents.
This subject was thrashed over in the campaign
and every possible appeal was made to prejudice
against it. Can any one say that these appeals were
rcflected'in the vote?
The people want American money paid for freight
ing our goods in our own ships, because they want to
restore our merchant marine by the work of American
ship-builders.
It is time that the foreign influences at work against
our people should be uncovered and made to fight in
the open.
THE SHIPPING BILL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 11)01.
CENTURY'S HOROSCOPE
IS CAST BY HERMES
Uncle Sam and Celibacy.
Boston Astrologer Predicts Great Things for
6
AiTTJSEZilENTS,
Alharcbra— "Old Jed Prouty."
Alcazar- — "Nell Gxrynne."
Columbia — "TV ay Down Eat **
Tl veil— ' •Cinderella. "
Central Theater— "Wocum anfl Wine."
California— "Human Hearts."
Orohrum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Virginia Courtship.*"
Olympla, comer Mason asd Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo end Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.lns.
Fischer' a— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Benefit performance for families of
Gla«« Works accident, Thursday, January 17.
Metropolitan Temcle— Lecture by Her. Peter C. Torke,
Thursday evecln«, February "¦
California Jockey Club (Oakland) — Racem.
Keo£> looklnx young- and sa-rs your hair Its
eolor and beauty with Parker's Hair Ba4«*m
Hlndsrcona. tb» best our* for com*. 15 cU.
Russell Sage signalized the departure
of the nineteenth century by.maklnir tha
direct charge that Providence is responsi-
ble for the enormous fortune he has ac-
cumulated.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*, iu Mont-
gomery st Te>pnon« Main 1041 •
Townsend's California glace frulti. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched bozea or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
(39 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Best eyeglasses: specs. 20c to 50c. Look out
for 81 4th gt. (front of barber store. gro.)»
Choice candies. Townsend's.Palac» Hotel. >
AUCTION SALES.
By VTm. G. Layoff— Thin day. January 12. at 1J o'clock.
ThorcBc*:tyr»d Hordes, at Oakland Racetrack.
By F. H. Chaw? & Co.— This day, January 12, at 11 o'clock,
HorEfes, at Cordelia, tiolano County.THE LATE HENRY "W. SHAW,
BETTER KNOWN AS "JOSH
BILLINGS."
SATURDAY, JANUARY 12.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
TO ARRIVE.
- Sun,: Moon and Tide. •
United States Coast ¦ and Geodetic Survey—
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. . *
Mendel Ke-elected President.
The Board of Public Works met yester
day; arid : re-elected Commissioner Mendel
president. Commissioner Manson pre-
Bented his commission showing-, his ap
pointment for, three years more as a mem
ber of the board and It was ordered spread
upon the minutes. , • . .
Printing and Book Binding.
No better equipped shop for commercial
printing in this city than Sanborn .&
Vail's. They have Just added two more
new presses. For good work .and low
prices they are not equaled In this city. •
Heavy Damages Asked For.
The case of Fred Hartz vs. the Mount
Jefferson Gold | Mining and Development
Company is on trial in the United States
Circuit Court before Judge Morrow and a
Jury. , The plaintiff was Injured by the
overturning of a skip In the defendant's
mine In Tuolumne County and asks $21,000
damages and costs. ¦ ', "."¦•¦-;
Nfftr beinz built. U confidently expected to be
the faateat sailing vesael ever built. Its con
struction la being kept a aecret. but It U whia
pered that It will easily hold the cup. Amer
ica is rapidly coming to the front. A good
example of this is in that famous household
remedy. Hostttter'a Stomach Bitters, which
haa defended health for half a century past.
It holds th« record for the cur* of dyspepsia,
indigestion, constipation, nervousness, bilious
ness ar.d la grippe-
The New Cup Defender,
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. • N., Mer
chants" Exchange. Ban Francisco, Cal.,
January 11, ,1901.
The time j ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon today—
1. e.,' at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N.. In charge.
TUOLfclVfNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE^
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRT.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the succesMve tide* of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day.. the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides.- as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts,- except when 1 a
minus elgn (— > precedes the height, and then
the number given i« subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Flow of. Rivers.
Following la a atntement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second., or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llppincott, hydrographer of the
TTnlted States Geological Survey:
Sun rises 7:23
Pun sets 5:11
Moon rises (third quarter)... 0:00 a. m.
it have "sensibility— warm, tender fellow
feeling with all Its forms of existence."
Since the death of Shaw, in 1SS5. C. B.
Lewis, "the M Quad" of the Detroit Free
Press has been the most popular news
paper humorist. His first conspicuous suc
cess was in reporting the meetings of "tha
Limnkiln Club." and for a time Bro.
Gardner, the sable philosopher, became
widely known. Few phases of the comic
in the American negro have been Ignored
In the Limekiln papers. One may quote a
sample almost at random and run no risk
as to quality:
"It may be- well to menshun a leetle sarcum
stance right heah an* now." said Brother Gard
ner, as the nest meeting opened: "I want It
distinctly understood dat de rules of Congress
doan" govern d<» purcedlns of &'•* club only to a
sartln flggw. For Instance. If Calculation King
and Romance Floyd should make use of dla
floor to call each odder liars an' blackjuardj.
an' to make a display of muacle. an apology
nex' day would have no effect on dls club. Kaw
why? Kase d»» two members wouldn't b« heah
to apologize! Daf» de remark I war gwlne to
ret fo'th. an' we will now go on wid de regular
blznexs."
"M Quad" has also had his fun •with
the American German in the "Carl Thin
der" series, and with the various absurdi
ties of wild Western Journalism in . th©
"Arizona Kicker." There are few comic
fields that he has not at some time en
tered. His has teen the almost Impossible
task described so vividly by Lamb of fur
nishing weekly and almost dally columns
of facetious matter to the evanescent
pages of the press. Few have better stood
the test, yet after all surh matprlal is not
literature, nor is it humor. The field cov
ered by "M Quad" and hla school Is that
of broad farce. They supply the place
which the court Jester held in ancient
days and which the circus clown filled in
more modern days.
. Of much the same character as th©
writings of Lewis are those of scores of
literary comedians who during the period
since the war have risen from obscurity to
a place of wld<» recognition, many of them
to drop as quickly Into obscurity. Robert
J. Burdette. the funny man of tha Bur
lington Hawkeye. combines broad farca
with a view of Mriousness and true poetio
feeling. Matt Jturbnnk. with his epigram
matic wit: J. M. Bailey, the "Danbury
News Man." who arose ami disappeared
In a cometllke way: Onie Read of the Ar
kansaw Traveler: C. H. Clark, the "Max
Adeler" of "Out of the Hurly Burly": "Ell
Perkins," which concealed the irresistible
Melville D. Landon: Bill Nye. who so
lately was to be found in every comic
.lournal nnd. latest of all. John Kendrick
Bangs, the architect of the unlau©
"Houseboat on the Styx." are but th©
opening names of a well nigh endless list
of funny fellows whose work has amused
the present generation. It is useless to
treat each in detail. The work of one Is
the work of all. The multiplicity of cre
ators only serves to give the old materials
and the old Jokes new colorings and new
S *It is useless. Indeed, to try to look for
perfect originality in these latter days or
newspaper humor. New Jokes are almost
impossible. Wit. to be sure, is ephemeral,
but it is ephemeral only as to Its .form
and position. A true Joke Is Immortal,
but It travels down the centuries In con
stantly varying costume; to be presenta
ble It must follow the latest fashions.
Wendell Phillips has declared that all
Jokes can be traced to not over twenty
five parent witticisms, some of them as
old as history Itself. For Instance, in a
book published in the sixth century and
attributed to Hlerocles there are twenty
one Jokes which In modern dress ar« still
floating through our comic weeklies. Th©
wit of our facetious Journals moves
through a very narrow rank of subjects.
It consists largelv of illustrated puns and
variations on a' few laughable topics Uk»
the tramp, the mother-tn-law. th© wild
West desperado, the negro and the rural
inhabitant. Such work is not humor In ita
truest sense, and the creators of It can
expect to be remembered no longer .than
are the flying leaves for which thev write.
F. I* PATTEE.
i Pennsylvania State College.
• xm.
No other nation has produced so large a
mass of comic writings as has America
during the last four or five decades. Be
ginning with the mid years of the cen
tury, there arose a school of literary
comedians to which recruits hav© been
constantly added, and. as a result, news
papers and magazines and book stalls
have been flooded with burlesques and
witticisms. A mere list .of the literary
comedians who during the p«rtod arose
at all above obscurity would more than
fill the column.
, The first conspicuous flgiaro among
American newspaper comedians was
George H. Derby, who, beginning; In the
early '50s, wrote under the pseudonym
"John Phoenix" many ludicrous sketches
which, were widely copied both at home
and abroad. The fun In "Phoenlxlana."
published in 1855, and in- "Th© Squlbob
Papers" consists ., very often in an as
sumption of perfect innocence on the part
of the author and In a very plausible ex
planation of what on its face is absurd.
,For instance, Phoenix wishes to attend a
meeting of the "Ladies' Relief Society."
which Is to be exclusively for women, and
he, accordingly "from motives of delicacy
and a desire to avoid the appearance of
Intrusion," conceals himself on the floor
of one of the pews whejre he "lay perdue*
like an Innocent (green) snake among the
flowers listening to the merry laughter
and Innocent gurglings of delight"
. Another element of his humor lies in his
unexpected comparisons and ¦ his naive
drollery. He speaks of an angry mule
that is passionately attached to a dray.
"The wind blew," he declares, "like well
watered roses." The library of a dis
tinguished San Francisco lawyer consists
of one volume of "Hoyle's Games." He of
fers the following as an antidote for fleas:
"On feeling the bite of a flea thrust the
part bitten Immediately into boiling
water. The heat of the watetr destroys
the insect and Instantly removes the pain
of the bite."
Phoenix was the first conspicuous writer
to use exaggeration deliberately and free
ly as a provocative of laughter. Irving
had used it frequently, but in "Phoenix
ana" it amounts to a mannerism and one
which of late years has come to be re
garded as peculiarly American. A cer
tain dentist, declares Phoenix, had con
structed a tooth-extracting machine of
tremendous power.
One day an old lady, feeble and flaccid,
came in to have a tooth drawn, and think
ing It would come out very easy. Tush
maker concluded. Just by the way of va
riety, to try the machine. He did so. and
at the first turn drew the old lady's
skeleton completely and entirely out of
her body, leaving her a mass of quivering
Jelly in her chair. Tushmaker took her
home In a pillow case. She lived seven
years after that and. they called her the
"lndlarubber woman." The dentist there
upon made a fortune selling small models
of the machine for boning turkeys.
This sounds like Mark Twain and Bill
Nye. .
Phoenix also introduced the method of
specific exaggeration so much used by
later wits. Several men trip over a rope
and fall upon the deck "and then fol
lowed what. If published, would make two
closely printed royal octavo pawes of pro
fanity." So grpat. he declares, was the
call for the Phoenix Herald that "we
have now 782 Indians employed night and
day In mixing adobe for the type molds,
and as no Fultable metal Is to be'forjna
in San Diego to cast the stereotypes, we
have engaged 224.000 ball cartridges from
the mission for the sake of the lead."
To Phoenix nothing was sacred, not
even religion and the Bible, and in solemn
mlsstatement and seemingly unconscious
misrepresentation he had nothlne to learn
from his later brothers. Indeed. Ameri
can newspaper comedy has not added
much to what it Inherited from John
Phoenix.
EKirlnr the late fifties and ear]y sixties
thp most popular series of newspaper
romedlps was the "Widow Bedott Pa
pers." written by Mrs. F. M. Whitrher.
Much of their substance Is really nothing
but broad farce, vet in parts they are Irre
sistibly funny. The garrulous old dam*» la
In reality a descendant of Mrs. Caudle.
Tier manifold experiences and tribulations
have had a great charm- for American
readers, and oven now the book Is in con
stant demand.
Another humorous creation nearly con
temporaneous with "Tho Widow Bedott"
wns P B. Shlllaber's "Mrs. Partlngton."
the American Mrs. Malaprop. The first
book of - the series was published In 1834.
and for more than a quarter of a renturv
"Mrs. Partlnston" was a household word.
Th*> dear old lady has opinions on every
topic und<?-r the pun. but it Is her fate
never to pet the precise word for which
she Is striving, nor to say the Idea as it
lies In her really shrewd and observant
mind. She discusses diseases In this man
ner:
Diseases Is very various. The doctor tells me
that poor old Mrs. Haz* has got two buckles
on her lungs! It Is dreadful to think of. I de
clare. Th*» dlnenses Is so various! One way
we hear of people's dying of hermitage of the
limps, another way of the brown creatures;
here they tell us of the elementary canal be
ing out of order, and there about tonsors of the
throat; here w» hear of neurology In the head,
there of an embargo; one side of us we hear
of men being killed by getting a pound of
tough beef In the sarcofagu*. and there an
other kills himself by discovering his jocular
vein. ,
I am not so young aa I was once, she phil
osophizes, and I don't believe I *hal! evsr be,
if I live to the age of Famaon. which, heaven
knows, as well a» I do. I don't want to. for
I wduldn't be a centurlan or an octagon, and
survive any factories, and become Idiomatic.
by any means.
¦"Isaac." said the dame; "taka the big tub
and drownd them kittens." There was de
termination In her eye and authority In her
tone and she clapped h»r hands as he hastened
to obey her. "Ptop. Isaac, a minute." she
cried, "and I'll take the chin off the water;
It would be cruel to put 'em Into It stone cold."
Sbe took the steaming kettle from the stoVe
and emptied It Into the tub and left the rest
to Ike. iiV-iil
The popularity of Mrs. Partingrton was
almost eaual to that of the "Caudle Lec
tures" in England. There have been
many imitations, some of them of con
siderable originality — notably the 'Moslah
Allen's Wife" series by Marietta Holley.
"Peck's Bad Boy." which for a time gave
ax national circulation to Peck's Sun of
Milwaukee, was but a variation of the do-
Inss of Ike Partington. -» *
Doubtless the greatest of the distinc
tively newspaper comedians of America
has been Henry W. Shaw, who wrote un
der the pseudonym of "Josh Billings."
Shaw was a genuine philosopher— a liter
ary descendant from Franklin. His writ
ings are composed of homely common
sense, shrewd observation, outrageous
Bpelllng and comic and unexpected trains
of thought and illustration. Unlike the
majority of his brother comedians. Shaw,
with all of his buffoonery, has a basis of
real merit which will raise a part of his
work to the level of those creations which
the world will not willingly let die. Some
of his maxims are as good as Franklin's,
and his definitions are Irresistible. ¦ ;
Flattery 1* Hk* kolone water, tew bo smelt
of, not swallowed.
Anatomlkally konstdeird. Iafflnr. is the sen
sation ov pheellng good all over, and showing
It principally In one spot.
• He who by farmln wood get rich.
.Must dig, and ho. and plant, and stch;
Work hard awl Jay, sleep hard awl nlte.
Save every cent, and not git tlte.
As an example of Josh BMlnsrs at his
best one should read the "Essay on the
Muel" or "The Muskeeter":
Muskeeters are a game bug. but they won't
bite at a hook. Thar-? iz mlllyuns ov them
kaught every year, but not with a hook. This
makes the market for them unstlddy, the iun
ply always exceeding the demand. The mus
keeter 12 born on the sly, and cums to ma
turity quicker than enny othor ov the domes
tlk anlmlle*. .A muske*ter at S hour* old U
Just as reddy and anxious to go Into blzzness
for himself az ever h<j Iz, and bites the furst
time az sharp and natral as red pepper duz.
The ¦ muskeeter haz a good ear for muslck.
and sings without notes. The song of the mus
keeter Iz monotonous to sum folks, but In me
It. stirs up the meraorys ov other days. I
hav lade awake all nite long menny a time
and listened to the sweet anthems ov the mus
keeter. I am aatlsfled that there want nothing
made - In vain,- but I kant help thinking how
mig+.ty kluss- the muskctoze kum to it. Th«
mv^skeeter haz inhabited this world since its
kreaannn and will probably hang arouafl ber«
until blzzlsess closes. Whare the mnskesttr
goes to In the winter la a standing; konum
drum. which all the naturalists hav glv up.
but w« kno he don't go far. for ha la on
hand early each year with hia proba fri»hly
ground and polished. Mnskeeters must be one
ov the luxuries ov life, they certainly alnt one
of the necessary*, not if we kno ourselves.
Of Shaw— almost alone of bts trtb«— can
It be said that at times he Is a true hu
morist. He certainly based his writlnea
upon a large observation of human life,
and he was true to what he saw. It is
the first requisite of humor that It be ab
solutely true, and then. In the words of
Carlyle, Its remaining requirement Is that
Copyright, 1901, b y Seymour Eaton.
English and American Humor Exempli
fied by Newspaper Wits and
Literary Comedians.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
SLOOP YACHT FAWN IS RUN DOWN
BY SCOW SCHOONER AND ABANDONED
SLOOP YACHT FAWN. WHICH LEFT HERE ON A HUNTING CRUISE
NEARLY A WEEK AGO AND WAS RUN DOWN BY A SCOW
SCHOONER.
Times and Heights'' of High and Loti
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sai
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at th
rity front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; th
height of tide is the samn at both places.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIX LOBOS. Jan 11. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS. '
VALPARAISO. I>ec 30-Ger. bark Bertha,
from Seattle, for Queenstown, arrived here with
part «argo jettisoned to save vessel during a
gale.
VICTORIA. B C, Jon 11— Stmr Danube ar
rived from Alaska and reports stmr City of
Topeka floated Jan 4. Taken to Juneau.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Excelsior, for
Valdez; stmr Cottage City, for Sltka; stmr
Ruth, for Skasuay.
Sailed Jan 10— Schr Wawona, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 11— Br bark Dominion,
for Sydney.
PORT ULAKELEY— Arrived Jan 11— Bark
Abby Palm«T. from Quartermaster Harbor.
SAX DIEGO— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Jan 7.
PORT LUDLOW-Salled Jan 11— Schr Ex
ram>lon, for Pori Plrle. .
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 11— Tug Samson, with
barge WaFhougal In tow, hence Jan 7.
XEAH BAY— Passed In Jan U— Stmr Willa
mette, hence Jan 8.
Passed out Jan 11— Stmr John S .Klmball, for
Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE— Sailed Dec IS— Br bark Hou
gomont." for San FYanclsco.
ANTWERP— In port Dec 6— Br ship Allerton.
for San Francisco. ' . • ;.> . . '•
SAX SALVADOR— Arrived Jan 11— U S stmr
Iowa, from Santa Barbara: U S stmr Philadel
phia, from Santa Barbara.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan 10— Bktn John
Palmer, from Port Hadlock; Br stmr Warrl
moo, from Vancouver. , ¦ •
PORT ARTHtTR— Sailed Jan 11— Bark Will-
Fcott. for San Francisco. • ,
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 9— Br stmr Pak
Line, fnr Seattle.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan 11— Br ship Alice A
Leigh for Port Townsend.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 10 — U S stmr Sheridan,
for San Francleco. *
Arrived Jan 11— U 8 stmr Lngan. hence Dec
15; Br stmr LennoK. from Hiogo.
ACAPTTLCO— Sailed Jan »— Stmr Acapulco,
for Pan Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 11— Br stmr Glen-
Ogle, from Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMTSRS.
LONDON — Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Mesaba,
from New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Vic
toria, from New York, for Genoa.
, BOSTON— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Devonian,
from Liverpool: stmr Raxonla. from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived VJan 11— Stmr Ultonia.
from Boston; stmr Arcadian, from Portland.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr La Gascogne,
NSW— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr War
rimoo from Victoria, via Honolulu nnd Bris
bane*' stmr Sierra, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Auckland.
GFXOA— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Hohenzollern
Oate"Kaiser William II). for New York.
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Pak Ting,
from Manila, for. Seattle. '
GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Siberian, for
Qi:EENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Etru
rla. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. _^
ARRIVED. ,
Friday, January 1L
Btmr Ban Pedro, Zaddart. 37 hour* from Saa
Btmr Pomona, Bhea, 22 hour* from Eureka.
Btmr I/uella, Madaen. 40 hours from San
Btmr Noyo, Johnson, 28 hours from Fort
Bragg. , .
Br Btmr AlgTMt, Lockett, 4S days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 28 days.
' Schr Free Trade, Anuflndsen. •— days from
Eureka. , .
CLEARED.
FVlday, January 11. •
Br ship Helensburg, Jefferson, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Schr Fearless. Lilyqulst. Guaymas; E K
Wood Lumber Co.
BAILED.
Friday, January 11.
Stmr Jeanle, Manon, . .
Btmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Btate of California, JeDsen. Victoria.
Btmr Scotia, Walvig;. Trinidad. •
Btmr Santa Ana, Strand,' Eureka. . -
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Olnsy. Leland, Santa Cruz. ..
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. .
Stmr Sequoia, "Wlnkel, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Matteawan, Crosscup, Tacoma.
Tug Tatoosh, Bailey, Seattle, with .dredger
In tow. • ,- ¦¦-":¦.¦-.. • .-¦¦¦-. .-¦ : •_'
Br «hlo Fall* of Clyde. Vatson. Hllo.
Bchr TV F Jewett. Columbia River. - .
S>fcr Ji»wark, Beck, Bow ens - Landing. ;
The Invermark has been rechartered to load
wheat for Europe at 40s. The Charles E. Falk
will load lumber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu.
•
Shipment of Barley.
The British ship HelensburRh cleared yester
day for Cork for orders, with 65,231 ctls barley,
valued at {52,470. and 16,000 feet lumber as
dunnage, valued at $240.
Lumber for Mexico.
The echooner Fearless cleared yesterday for
Guaymas with 48,438 feet lumber, valued at
$696. The vessel also carried lumber, which was
loaded at Aberdeen. Washington, valued at
110,244.
Merchandise for Victoria,
The steamer State of California sailed yester-
flay for Victoria with the following cargo, .val
ued at $6155:
6 cs assay goods, 80 es arms and ammunition,
10 c« ralalns. 4 cs electrical goods, 8 cs candles,
8 ca dry Roods. 2000 lba b«ans. 480 lbs chocolate,
U cs hardware. 17 c» canned goods, 13 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 15 cs molasses, 10 ca
honey, 12 bxs fruit, 60,760 lbs malt. 84 bxa or
anges, 1200 lba nuta, 24 ca paint. 20 bxs lemons,
20 era potatoea. 40 ska shot, S flska quicksilver.
1850 lbs mlllstufTF, 275 tins matches, 90 .era vege
tables, 400 lbs sugar, 4 cs 691 pals wine..
» .
Shipping Intelligence.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
The hydropraphlc office has Just lsued
a "table of distances" between the princi
pal maritime ports. Distances are given
In nautical and statute miles and by the
shortest navigahle routes.
The wheat-laden ships Alclnous. Pericles
and Corunna came down from Port Costa
yesterday, while the Helensburgh and
Bermuda will come down this morning.
This means a fleet of nearlv a dozen ves
sels In the bay all ready for sea. Many
of them are having difficulty In securing
crews and the chances are It will be next
week before the last of them gets away.
THE sloop yacht Fawn caused con
siderable excitement along the
front yesterday. For a f ev, hours
It was feared that all the yachts
men had been drowned, but a
dose Investigation showed that all hands
were safe and the only damage was to the
yacht's Jlbbodm.
The Fawn left here - last "Wednesday
with a party of hunters, headed by C.
"Wyman, aboard. Thfy had some good
sport on the Alameda marshes and a "big
bag" was secured along the San Mateo
shore. On the way home the Fawn was
run down by n bcow schooner and her
bowsprit was carried away and her stand-
Ing rigging badly damaged. Captain Wy
man and his guests decided to go ashore
and seek assistance, and left the little
craft temporarily to Its fate. One of Tom
my Crowley - s launches was finally se
cured, but when the party returned to the
spot where the yacht had been abandoned
no trace of It could be found. The hunt
was kept t:p for five hours, and finally the
yacht was located tied up alongside a
schooner at Fremont-street wharf. As the
Fawn was a c'erellct the captain of the
schooner demands salvage, and there Is
likely to be a lawsuit over the matter.
When first picked up the Fawn showed
evidence of a hsuty departure on the part
of the creWi and that fact gave rise to
the rumor that all hands were lost
DIES IN A HOSPITAL.
Harold Hoffman Falls Three Stories
and Fractures His Skull.
A very rathetlc case was treated at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital yesterday.
Harold Hoffman, a lad still in his teens,
fell three stories down, an elevator shaft
and fractured his skull.
Young Hoffnu«n. whose home Is at 2013
Bush street, has been working for the C.
F. Marwedel Company. 58 First street, for
some time past. Yesterday he and Clay
McKenzie went to the third story of tho
building to have lunch. Harold looked
down through the half-open door of the
elevator shaft, end losing his balance fell
to the bottom of the well. The boy was
removed to the Harbor Hospital and later
to the Lane Hospital, where he died at 10
o'clock last night.
Algroa Arrives From Manila.
The steamer Algoa. chartered by the
United States as an army transport, ar
rived from via Nagasaki yester
day. She Is a big carrier, and rumor
has It that Uncle Sam has purchased
her for a cargo boat. The Algoa Is under
the British flag, but Is owned by the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company. She can
carry 10.000 tons of freight.
The Californian. owned by the Amerl
can-Hawf.llan line. Is one day behind the
Algoa. She should reach here to-night.
Rumor has It that she also will be added
to the transport fleet. The Californian is
even a bigger carrier than the Algoa.
Changes in Transport Captains.
Captain Schiller has been relieved from
the command of the transport Grant. In
fact, when the vessel came In Chief Of
ficer Brugnlere was In command and has
virtually been master ever since. It Is un
derstood that he will take command to
day and will be captain In name as well
as de facto.
There was - friction all throuph the
Grant's voyage between Captain Schiller
and Quartermaster Captain Baker. The
former was to llame for most of the trou
ble, or at least so the Government officials
have decided, and In consequence the res
ignation of Captain Schiller has been ac
cepted.
Captain Grant's resignation leaves a va
cancy on the 'Sherman, and It Is probable
that one of the mates scheduled for pro
motion will take her to Manila, and there
Captain Crosky of the hospital ship Relief
will take command. The man who takes
the Sherman to Manila will take com
mand of the Relief.
May Flint Libeled Again.
The Black Diamond Coal Company filed
a libel yesterday In the TTnlted States Dis
trict Court apatnst the ship May Flint to
recover $17.150 17 damasres for loss of a
cargo of coal when the May Flint was
sunk In a collision with the battleship
Iowa In Pan Francisco Bay on the night
of September 8 last. The complaint al
lep«=s that the collision was caused by the
neKlip-ertce and un!«klllfulncss of the mas
ter of tho May Flint, principally In fall
!ner to enpnge a tup to tow the ship safelv
to an anchoraeo pround. Captain M. H.
Woodpfde of the May Flint was Investi
gated recently by the T T nlted States local
Inspector of steam vessels and they sus
pended his license for one year, holding
that he waa to blame for the collision.
¦
Party of Hunters on the Pleasure Boat Let the Craft Go
Adrift and She Is. Picked Up as a Derelict
Salvage Is Claimed on Her. '<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
7
ie
O Time Time Time Time
e Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
<?HW LW HW LW
12 ... 4:58 6.2 11:31 2.2 5IM 3.6 10:40 J.O
13 ... 5:39 ' 5.3 12:30 1.3 7:02 3.5 11:31 2.4
14... «:!0! 6.4 1:28 0.9 8:15 3.7
L W ' H W'l L W H W
15... 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 4.0
1« ... 1:23 2.8 7:« 5.6 2:54 0.0 10:f« 4.3
17 ... 2:15! 2.9 S:26 5.8 3:34|— 0.41 10:49| 4.5
18 ...j' 3:06 3.0 9:10 6.0 i:U\— 0.7| 11:2S| 4.8
DATE
Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
December *0 14.3CO
December 31 13.1C0
1900.
January 1 64.200
January 2 119,700
January 3 103.200
January 4 ." 5S.20O
January 5 •> 88,720 |
10.400
9.»X>
191*1.
8.915
8.915
41.120
74.240
| 27,600
Second Feet.
DATE.
1899. 1900.
, I—
December 30.
December 31
January 1
January 2
January 3
'January 4
January 5 1
1363
1730
1900.
1S50
2o25 ¦
70r5
6672
3S75
mo
610
1901.
540
• 4S0
540
BIO
1350
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. I 1900.
December 30 2.BR4 572
December SI 1.834 672
1900. 1901.
January 1 1,834 572
January 2 1.73$ 520
January 3 12.7C0 672
January 4 •.. 4.6S0 672
January 5. 2.430 ll.SOO
DATE.
Second Feet.- . "
— 1 Mn'grCo. Total
1899. 1900. Canal. 1900.
Dec. 30
Dec. SI..
Jan. 1
Jan. 2
Jan. 3....:....
Jan. 4..
Jan. 6
S.S54 950
2.9*4 850
1900. 1901.
2.695 7S0
2.080 660
13.181 570
7.720 850
4.320 6090
10 .
10
10
10
10
10
10
960
860
1901.
760
670
580
860
6100
Second Feet.
DATE.
1899. 1900.
, I—
December 30.
December 31
January 1
January 2
January 3
'January 4
January 5 1
1363
1730
1900.
1S50
2o25 ¦
70r5
6672
3S75
mo
610
1901.
540
• 4S0
540
BIO
1350
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. I 1900.
December 30 2.BR4 572
December SI 1.834 672
1900. 1901.
January 1 1,834 572
January 2 1.73$ 520
January 3 12.7C0 672
January 4 •.. 4.6S0 672
January 5. 2.430 ll.SOO
DATE.
Second Feet.- . "
— 1 Mn'grCo. Total
1899. 1900. Canal. 1900.
Dec. 30
Dec. SI..
Jan. 1
Jan. 2
Jan. 3....:....
Jan. 4..
Jan. 6
S.S54 950
2.9*4 850
1900. 1901.
2.695 7S0
2.080 660
13.181 570
7.720 850
4.320 6090
10 .
10
10
10
10
10
10
960
860
1901.
760
670
580
860
6100
Another Greatjrpheom Show !
MXTTXITE TO-DAT (SATTRAT). Jan. 12.
Parquet, £5c, asy eeat; balconr, 10c; chlldrea.
lOo, any part except reserved.
THE FIVE OI.RACS. PrTTINA OERARD.
J. T. CROSBY jn.. INEZ FOIUCAM AND ;
OOMPANT. THE EVILLY COLLINIS. JOE
SANTLKT. THE PISTKKS 1IAWTHORNK.
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS. THE BIO-
GRAPH AXD RETURN ENGAGEMENT
OF EHEAX AJCD "WARREN.
OPENING TO-MORROW,
JSJA/VA LOCKHQPT'B
BABY ELEPHANTS!
First Appearance la San Francisco. The
World'* Greatest Animal Act.
___——— ; ¦ —— —
TO-DAT A"D T0-MIO-T— Last Times of
"HUMAN _HEARTS."
Co—^nenclc* TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AF-
TERNOON.
The L*tert Farce-CcTnf>1y Success From New
"A BREEZY TIME."
PRETTY GXRUS! PRETTY COSTUMES!
PRETTY SPECIALTIES'.
POPULAR PRICES.
Cotnmer.clrjr MON'DAY NIGHT. January 2L
MRS. FISKE-T.ECKY SHARP."
Fr»da.l Prices ft. Jl 50. Jl. 73c. ETC
Sa.le of Seat? Comrrfnces Thursilav Morning,
January 17. at ? a. m.
No orJer* taken by telephone,
FECOXT> ETMTION OF THE TREMENDOUS
HIT.
Erer.lns* at S Sharp.
Matins Saturday a.t 2 Sharp.
Ey FEP.niS HARTMAN.
HEAR THE NE"5V PONGS. JOKEP AND THE
GREAT 'CARMEN" BURLESQUE.
POPULAR PRICKS 15 and M cents.
TplTh^r.e — Bui=h >.
MATINEE TO-D/\Y
TO-NIGHT. BTTKBAT NTGHT AND ALL
NEXT WEEK.
The Charmliuc Paatoral Idrl.
EXTRA— 2 CHAND CONCERTS
Next Tuesday anfl Thursday Afternoons.
MDLLE. ANTONIA DOLORES
(ANTOINETTE TREBELLI.)
Eeets tl 50, Jl and 60c. Now ready.
¥°%±*r H EAT R £ y
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:16.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
SEATS ON KALE FIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
Next— SWEET LAVENDER
CHUTES^and ZOO
SPECIAL—THIS AFTERNOON.
...ESIG...
JUVENILE SHOW!
TO-NIGHT!
Monster Cakewalk!
2O STAR WALKERS— 20
Telephone for Prate, Park H>
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900- WINTER MEETING— 130L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 81 TO JAN. IS. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raxiccr Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Raia or ahlna.
Fire or mere races each da.y.
Race* start at 2:15 d. m. sharp.
Ferry-bcata !ea\-e San Francisco at 13 m. ana
XI*. L 1:30. 2. 2:30 and % p. m.. conaectln*
with tra-lna «topplns at the «itrance to th»
treck. L*rt two cars on train reserved for
!adi*« and their escorts: no eraokin*;. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Orkl&nd mole connect with Ean Pablo avenu«
*elctrlc ran «-t Serecth ar.1 Broadway, Oak-
land. Aim ell tra-Ine via Alameda mole oon-
b«rt with Pan Tablo aven-Je cara at Fourteenth
end Broadway. Oakland. These electric cart
Co direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Trains !eav«» th» track at 4:li and
4:42 r>. m. and !mm«wiia.trty after .the last rac*.
THOMAS II J TAM.S JR.. PreaJdent.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
PKrHPP'^ CONCERT HOUSE
ribUnllK O Admission lOc.
Oro, Bernard and Cro, Marie D. Wood, Bid
Baxter, Mile. Atlantle, Rousell Brother*, Nell
Montgomery and Axtonio and Conchita Mar-
tinst
n^yrrr-Wl r«»ttt» Wettn»* Ponflar.
*\l ttsndsrd remedy 'or Gleet, x-" »v |
>>•> Gonorrhoea and Runnings finnyl I
'<^Z- IN <8 HOURS. Cares Kid- [ndUlJ I
aey and Bladder Troubles. V«^ I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE.
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. Mo to f I SO day;
|S to |S week; $ i to JM month. Fre« baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre jratts la tTtry
room; elevator rv&* all night.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A3ITJSEMENTS.
A^IUSZIiTElTJTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of y£JLw^^
T«T « amsOI aaaat •* • mstj
to tAt* *3 rt^ar.
5t!: CARTERS for DinmEss. 3EC
CCkTmwc ®ITTLE ™ BIU0USME8S. rwI7W niVB
6ENDINE WfVER ™R torpid liyeb. GENUINE
I PILLS F0R COHSTIPATIOH.
WPAPPFR i m * FOR SALLOW SKIB. WRAPPFR
WKAfFtK !^r^ ireRTHECOMPLEXlOB WKAr " K
gs c«m I Purely ?cgetaftaB» v^a«vw«gw»»t^
"PRINTED O1T RE3D F^FETE^'
Alf. Elllnghouse Proprietor and Manager.
Phone_ South 770.
LAST TWO TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAT. TO-NIGHT.
RICHARD GOLDEN
In the BEST OV ALL DOWX EAST PLATS,
OLD JED PROUTY.
Tomorrow. Punrtay Afternoon — The New Tork
Manhattan Theater Succesa,
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND
Th« Funniest Farce Ever Written. First Time
In This City.
KVE 25c. 35c. SOc and 75c
MAT 15c. 25c, 85c and 60c.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Matinees To-Day and To-morrow.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
"A VIRGINIA
COURTSHIP."
MON'DAT EVENINXJ
First Production In this City of Henry Arthur
Jonew" Famous Play,
"THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
PRICES— 1O<\ 1 5c. a5o. SOc.
A Few Front Row» !n Orchestra 73c
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All Mati-
nees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
BELASCO mo THJU.C& jt-jrfWE?
i^ wtsn cnr hau
Phone South I3i.
Matinee TO-DAY and Sunday.
To-Nlpht and Sunday Ev's; — Last Performances
THE BIGGEST SUCCESS IX TEARS.
WOMAN AND WINE
Magnificent Scenery — Gorgeous Costumes — Great
Duel Scene, etc.
Over 100 People In This Bis Production.
PDIfl-'C Evenings— 10c. 15c. 2Sc, 35c, EOc.
IUlW>-O .Matinee— 10c. 15c. 2Sc.
NEXT MON'DAT— Grand Production of tho
most brilliant rlay of the century,
••THE TWO ORPHANS."
The Original Union Square Theater Version.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
,*4?=5^?*V about the wonderful
f MURUEI WHIRLING
i £•^ 5T \\ inanVtL spray
* i 'Ci-.' The new Vaeinal Syringe.
ti'i r,'i^ . \0vK> \. .1 Injection and Suction.
\ v «Sc : 2 C^41 Best-Safest-Most Con-
venient. ItClean.es
N V >^^^**h3s. )^^» Instantly.
AtkTtmrdrBjristfortt. \, . fl^^77r^r7^T>^~
If he cannot >'jpp!y the ' "iffMXi'
M A RVEU trreptno \, '¦£!*£?>*
other, but «nd v»n-v tot niu*. Xj.-, g W'/\/
tt»trd hook — ifiilfd. It yives IViIl \A. a /A
particular* an* <-:r*. t . ns invalnaHe Uv- / fa
toladie- JTAItVFI. CO.. W./;./, , m M
Kaiouior^l'liur* Kill,'.. \iw VorU ( -^<iL> lr
7) A I A Of These hotels pos-
rfll ALlL £css the attributes
1 "*•"«¦- t h a t tourists and
pnfl travelers appreciate
Q" U —central location,
PpA&jn liberal manage-
UrinlvU ment, modern ap-
IJfJTri O pointments and
M I tLo, s*p js*j|
$2H FrandSCQ. ropean plans.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
j -Gran-SolTenfdlsrojTM Stricture like enow b«-
; neatfa tbe ion. re<SDC*» Enlanred Prottate an«
»trercthen» tbe Seminal Dncts. stopping Drains aa«
i Km'.Mions In Flft#en Days.
No drugs to ruin the stomach, but t direct local
' »nd po»lure application to tbe entire urethra! tract
Gran-SoWent Is not a liquid. It is prepared 1«
tbe form of Crayon* or Pencil*, smooth and Hexl bia>
amd ao narrow aa to pasa tbe clo««st Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
•n» 8UJimc( Anan.. Bo* KM. Cincinnati. O_ hat
prepared at rreat expense an exhansv- rnrr I
Fre illustrated Treaxi&e upon tbe male LULL I
ttatem. which Urc will tead vo u; j n f_ \_ 1
BMie appttesM, • •¦¦¦¦¦¦
Nr Jltil'S A^N 250 ELM ST.,
5i. JAMO A33H., Cincinnati, Ohio.
4visst OR- JORDAN'S meat 9
ISQSEUa QF ANATOMY!
h Q) uaiuaszrct.ut.eA*7!k.s.r.cs3L4
\ ST TIm Largest Anstcmical Mussina In tbe \
9 <r<V9»v Wo>wl - w •**a«*«» o* asy eontractad A
JL fjCTKrf dltc»i«peBlU»»ly«»r»dbjr the oldest I
*' iksjLS! ipeuHUlcfcUta.Com. E»t36yoau» $
6 8*0&h Oft- JCRDAN--PRI¥ATE DISEASE8 0
!»W*S«Jk Cmmltatton fm» snd ttrl'tly pririte. \
I juraf D ~" nmeot personally or by letter. A M
S U n K *•».&•• CWsta e»«ry c*m usdertikca. \
r B llff- w '«ci« M.rBiLOii<)Piytij|
U 11 alAaBIAQB, MALL.&£» 9WLSM. i AW
X A /|/ uliiibie boos for mr-nj . . . \
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
>i>J&ffi»F2^r*r{ ! ™5Wfi£3 % . TRUl In your own hems, w«
B3i 3©SsJlwiStaB9«iun>i«l» the irennln* and
MSnlfU^il UQ CC&K-Ji : fcXECTRIC BELTS
iKTJSBS &4f4Twur to "T iwl« of thU paper.
V&Z^&^&ts" «»ai«>nfy la *dt> B c«; .fry low
<, i£i> -tr*'^ rc«ilipn«10»rs-liar»Bl»f. COSTS
< WiT\ < V ALMOST NOTKINO oomiMSia
vltn most aH other treatments, cam w hem ail otbrr •!•*>
trls I*"', applttacc* s»<« rcaradtrs fsiL QUICK CURE for
more than MaUmenta. OM.TBniEftRE'icr all Lcrroui
diseases. we«Jcoe«sea and disorders. For complete
¦eaJed confidential cat&loetie, ratUU UhI sa4 -»ll losa.
SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO., Chicago.
ra CHICM ESTER'S ENOUBH '- .. '
PEHfiYROYAL PILLS
KO*AKSAFE. Alwsy.relUbi.. LAlvsaUOranl.i
ff'^^hi^S^lo U£D and UoM mt\^.V.r, bci r . «,1M
»K^ —^>&*a with b-.v* rikWi. Take no other. Befata
1*1 9% «iJ J>a«»er»»s 8«baUtaU<Ms an 4 IralLs-
I / 7" • (u tl«"»- Bay af yonr Dnttin. or tni 4e. In
I » r Jf (Uiap* br rartlealan, TMtlaionlaJa
-X •*¦ If tan Mail. 1«.«OO TMtlataaiala. Ubr
x — — / all t»ruc«i»'«. Cklskoatar CkomUsU Oavl
tean ttli m-ti. UwUmi *«i«are, rilUJU *£.
El HMf m ViifS tS fit Mk \£lTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
8
the SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S GREAT OFFER
MHiMl GRAND ILLUSTRATED AND DESCRIPTIVE EDITION L^ip- I
money will be collected for Atlas until O I A I loTICS, iM APS>
* is delivered. | ...OR... jj \ DIAGRAMS, Etc.
¦ ¦ 'W^^^^fc w^^l ink. yw ' ¦
— V--* rv^^f-^j y l >^±^ , \ - ¦ — ¦ —
i . ' ¦ - ¦
READY FOR DELIVERY ABOUT MARCH 1st, 1901.
Complete Satisfaction to Every Subscriber. This cut is only on^^^ j t f rom any 0^ v sourcei
Also new and enlarged foreign maps, drawn from NO BETTER WORK WILL BE FOUND THAN Without such an Atlas no one can obtain an intelligent
charts of the Royal Geographical Society. w^ m« 9^^ knowledge of the World as it is to-day.
.-..- .... l4 •.. . • In securing Pacific Coast rights to the "Superior Atlas"
For this edition a new and complete Index has teen 1^ ¦ fiifl # /- ¦ i - ' ¦ a ¦ bb u * u *i , f . K
u j , VilliflPltll' S'&l^rt AT-' thn Ifif A^Ifl we have honest| y endeavored to give our patrons a good
prepared of over a hundred pages, showing how to find .J 19 II HI 111 R III Iflx 111' |||H Will ill P remium and f "rnish our agents with a publication They
every county, town, village and postoffice in the United vu r ul IWI fit III V Ul. KIIU 1 v Ul IU could recommend with a clear conscience and feel assured
States at a moment's glance and giving the population of for the reason that that it would give complete satisfaction to every sub-
the same according to the New Census of 1900. IT S CONTENTS, SO VALUABLE AND COMPLETE AND scriber *
ITS PRICE SO MODERATE The maps have been newly prepared and engraved
The Statistical Tables and Political History of the Make it the most satisfactory and Practical mMBMWM^^^^^^^^?^^^^^^
United States have been brought down to date, embracing Published, for it contains just the Geographical .nformation t^S^e unexcelled L The "ZZZ dTJT^!
all the data relating to the last Presidential Election. the great majority of People want, in a compact, con- tical Tables and Illustrations relate to a large variety of
venlenuform ' subjects of an interesting and instructive character, "and
These improvements and additions make the Atlas j± QOOD GENERA! ATI AS the Historical, Chronological and Descriptive matter relat-
without a competitor in real merit and practical value, k i-.i^i-f*/*iv /^ i Lfc/^° ing to the United States and the other countries of the
is safe to say triat'.no similar work contains maps on as - - «. _ 18 0NB 0I= THB world, recently, added to the work, largely increases its
large a scale or of equal merit and accuracy. M f) T)V DM Nf C P C Q Q I T I C Q value t0 evei^ y subscriber
111 \J ULt nil il £j U C p O 1 I 1 CO The publishers have improved and enlarged the Atlas
No similar work has ever been produced containinq in the * time to time, and added such interestins features as
such a vast amount of geographicannformation in so at- HOME, THE OFFICE and the PLACE OF BUSINESS. W' 1" * ""
tractive a form and at such a moderate expense. ' . h " v> " w »«w»^w '
'¦» " ' *».•¦»•*-' * . ' No family, no reader, no student can afford to be
Professional Men, Teachers, Students, Families and A ? , ° 1 i an Atlas is the most practical without the " Superior Atlas of the World" when it can
general readers of all classes who desire a Handy Refer- &S^S^ W^M^S^^^^^ be had on such easy terms as THE GALL offers.
nr"nr woridwiiifindthis%orkjust^
to tneir wants. the va.ue of every newspaper, magazine and book is doubled, tion to THE CALL
" The Superior Atlas " is handled only by ' regularly authorized agents of THE CALL; It there is no agent in your locality, write us and we will
. '•*", ¦ direct one to call.
Address THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL ATLAS DEPARTMENT,
o/i/v r/i4/y.C/SCO r CAL. _ t ' ¦ ¦ , * ¦ iTHE REV. DR. WILLIAM RADER DELIVERING AN ADDRESS AT THE AN
NUAL MEETING OF THE ASSOCIATED CHARITIES ON THE CAUSES
THAT LEAD TO POVERTY IN THIS CITY.
Delay in Improving Bernal Heights.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs' has directed the attention of the
Board of Supervisors. to the needless de
lay in expediting the Improvement of Ber
nal Park... There is $2500 in the , treasury
to the credit of the. park fund since Us
anorouriation on July L 1900. '
Choice Stationery.
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence stationery, fountain pens.
Koh-i-noor pencils, legal blanks, blank
books, typewriters' materials, diaries and
dally Journals for 1901. at the lowest poa
slble prices. Sanborn, Vail &. Co.. 741 Mar
ket stre«t. •
Chinese Robber Sentenced.
Chew Po, a Chinese who was convicted
by V jury in 'Judge Cook's • court on a
charge of robbery, for forcibly stealing a
gold hairpin from Ng Shee. a^ Chinese
woman.' appeared for sentence yesterday.
The Judge sent him to San Quentln for
six years.
Cahill Was Not a Burglar.
John Cahlll, a laborer, was charged In
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday with bur
glary. The evidence showed ; that - Cahill
broke the window in the" barber shop of
Jacob Ijevlvlch, 1055 Kolsom street. New
Year's morning and effected an entrance.
Thomas J. I Sullivan and John Tr I.,ahey.
two young men, found Cahlll in a barber's
chair drunk and - singing / so loudly - that
he could be heard two blocks away. .The
Judge dismissed. the case as nothing had
been stolen • and it- .was apparently a
drunken freak of Cahill.
Another Chinaman Escapes.
A Chinese member of the crew of the
Gaelic escaped from that vessel last Wed
nesday night by lettin? himself down the
Fide of the vessel, Retting on a barge near
by and rowing to shore in a small boat.
This escape makes the twelfth from the
custody of the steamship companies with
in the last two months.
Valley Road Desires
The San Francisco nnd San Joaquln Val
ley Railway . Company petitioned the
Board of Supervisors yesterday for a
franchise to operate twelve tracks from
the property acquired for terminal facili
ties on Bryant street, between Main and
Spear, thence across Bryant street to the
ferry slip and wharf assigned to the com
pany by the Harbor Commissioners. The
privilege asked for Is necessary In order
that the company may handle its busi
ness from the. : wharf. . A description of
the twelve tracks Is ehown on a blue print
accompanying its petition.
Indies' Bunder Prize Committee.
The committee in charge of the ladies'
prize feature of the National- Bunder
shoot, which takes place at Shell Mound
In July, mot last night at the house of
Mrs. J. Attinger, 1 1130 Turk street, and
having elected ( officers adjourned for a
month. The following named were the
officers chosen: President, Mrs. J.. At
tinser; vice president, Mrs. J. Kuhls: sec
retary," Miss . L." Kuhls; treasurer. Miss A
Becker. The committee will spare no ef
fort to induce an Interest in ..the ladles'
prize and will make a personal canvass
with that end in view. They will also
assume charge* of much of the entertain
ment of the delegates to the shooting fes
tival. -
Red Men's Installation.
Arapahoe Tribe No. 76, of the Improved
Order of Red Men, installed its officers
last night at Red Men's Hall, Post street.
The new officers are: Sachem, John Plcr
fcon: senior sachom, W. Ohlandt: Junior
sachem, Thomas J,ubach; prophet, GeorKO
Rosenbaum; captain of the team. Louis
Whitman; chief of records, H. Walker;
collector, W. Cole. After the installation
the members of the tribe, headed by
Police Jurig-e Cabaniss, adjourned to the
banquet room, where a feast awaited the
Red Men. There were songs, recitations
ar.d music during the evening. Kggf
THEOSOPHY'S. EXPONENT
ARRIVES TO LECTURE
C. W. Leadbetter, Famous Prophet of
the Cult, Conies to Pros
elyte. ¦ . ; '£ 'ij.
Theosophist C. *W. I^eadbetter arrived
here last night on the belated Oregon ex
press and went to 1776 California street,
where ho will stay during his four weeks'
vlsit.v '
The well known exponent of the doc
trines of theosophy is to deliver a series
of Sunday . lectures before the Theosoph
lcal Society, beginning to-morrow night,
In Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and llar-
• In addition to the Sunday lectures Mr.
Leadbetter will deliver expositions of the
science in the society's clubrooms in the
Odd Fellows' building-.
In the Divorce Court.
Armlda Bertocohl was jrranted a divorce
yesterday by Judpe Troutt from her hus
band. Giovanni Bertocchl, on the ground
of extreme cruelty. Witnesses were ex
amined on both sides, but the weight of
evidence clearly supported the conten
tions and allocations of the plaintiff.
Elizabeth Abbot was given a divorce from
her husband. W. K. Abbot, who had
failed to provide her with, necessaries of
life. Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Mrs. J. M. Gregg against William
B. Gregg for cruelty and Sabine L. Valle
against Peter "Valle on the same ground.
Chosen Friends Again Sued.
Another suit against the Supreme Coun
cil of the Order of- Chosen Friends was
instituted yesterday by Mra. Elizabeth
Donahue to recover $2000, for which her
husband, ns a member of the order, helil
a certificate. The defendants to the ac
tion are Matilda Koelzer, William Dev
lin. D. • E. Besecker, Clara McDonald,
Caroline Marks, Dora Sachs. Rebecca H.
Gallndo. Charles E., William and Mary
Hummell, who. the plaintiff alleges, have
attached the funds of the order. The
plaintiff, hopes, even if her claim Is not
allowed, that the court; will order the
funds to be distributed 'pro rata amons
all tho various claimants. Attorney
Charles A. Lee has been appointed re
ceiver, s. \
Rainstorm Is Nearly Over.
Weather Prophet McAdle expressed the
opinion yesterday that San Francisco was
rid of the cold wave and that tho rain
storm has practically spent its force. "It
will be cloudy to-morrow," he says. "Tho
storm is Roinp rapidly overland through
the British possessions. Rain or snow has
fallen over the entire country north of the
Tehachapl. A good deal of snow Is report
ed to have fallen in the northern part of
the Sacramento Valley. Thore has been
no rainfall in Southern California. San
Joaquln got a moderate fall of rain. There
has been a gooa deal of frost in Southern
California, but I think that section will
not suffer from it after to-morrow night."
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association has elected and installed the
following named as its officers for the
current year: B. M. Busln, president*
Martin Ranzulo, vice president; J. M
Russell, recording: secretary; S. Raice
vich, financial Becretary; J. Turato, treas
urer; G. Maretlch, conductor; M. Miladin,
sergeant at arms; M. Babadin, captain* T
ZIftra. first lieutenant: C. Kristaxrlch',
pfecond lieutenant: J. Slmcich, A. Bachia.
C Petrusich, C. Miclch and J. M. Sam
bralls. trustees. At the installation the
association's military band furnished the
music The report of the secretary showed
that during the year the membership was
Increased by forty-five, and that at the
close of the year the association had to
its credit the sum of 52000.
The Austrian Benevolent Society has
elected find Installed the following named
as its of3ccrs for the current year: M.
Scanallch. president; Joseph Boguslch,
vice president: John 1+ Radovich, treas
urer; Anton Francovich, financial secre
tary; De Witt W. Tell, recording secre
tary; Anton Kullclch, sergeant a.t arms;
XV. P. Wobber, conductor; J. \V. Staneart
P, C. Mlllojrlav, Ix)uls Navarro, J. Mat
covich. C. Schusslcr. M. Tomuslch, Au
fust Kisellch, P. Luslch and August
Ilkullch. trustees; l>r. J. E. Artlprues,
physician. After the installation tokens of
merit were given to John L. Radovlch, the
retiring president, and to Frank Roux
the retiring treasurer.
The Crotlan Benevolent Society Zvonl
mlr Ko. Cl, M. C. S., of the United States
of America, has elected the following: of
ficers for the current year: L. A, Kosovac,
president; N. P'llch, vice president: A.
Kentra, treasurer; M. Marinovich. record
ing eecretary; F. Milsslch. financial sec
retary; M. Yor.ke, M. Radovlch and Y.
Perslch, trustees; Dr. V. O.Veckl r physi
cian.
Societies Elect Officers.
The Good Templars of this district will
entertain thelr'Triends with a grand rally
and social on January 17 at Pythian Cas
tle. 909 Market Ftreet. Rev. Father Par
ish will deliver an address on temperance,
after which a programme of vocal and
Instrumental music, interspersed with
speeches from the grand officers of the
lodge, will be rendered.
Templars "Will Entertain.
TALENTED SINGES TTJBNS
FEOM CHURCH TO STAGE
Paris Preparatory to Joining
Grau's Forces.
Mrs. Alice Ziska J.enning-s Off for
Mrs. Alice Zlska Jennings leaves on
Monday for Xew York en route for Paris,
whlttnT Fhe goes by order of Impresario
Maurice Grau to prepare herself to Join
his mammoth operatic organization. When
Grau was here recently with his hlgh
priced pong birds the California girl sang:
for rim, and so pleased was the impre
sario with her splendid voice that he im
mediately closed with her. In Mrs. Jen
nings' contract there was a clause that
*aid that ehe must give one year to study
before she made her first professional ap
pearance. It is with the object of fulfill
ing her contract that Mrs. Jennings is go
ing to Paris.
Mrs. Jennings Is the daughter of the late
Madame B. Ziska. the noted educator. She
is charming and accomplished. In addi
tion to beinp the fortunate possessor of a
high soprano voice she ha» proved herself
to be a writer of very pleasing short
stories. During the past year Mrs. Jen
nlnps hns been one of the sopranos of
Trlnitv Church.
Tears Up the Roadbed and
Two Long Bridges on
His Land.
CRAWFORDSVIIXE, Ind.. Jan. 11.-
The rails of the Chicago and Southeastern
Railroad, which crosses the farm of Wes
ley Grantham, near this city, were torn
up and removed from 'the farm last
Wednesday night by Sheriff Canine, act
ing on a writ of ejectment secured by
Grantham In 1S34. All traffic, Including
the Government mail service, was effectu
ally blockaded.
Injunction proceedings were Immediate
ly filed against Grantham, but to-day.
in the 'Circuit Court, Judge West refused
to grant a temporary restraining order,
declaring that Grantham had already
been kept out of his property for seven
years, and that the constitution guaran
teed him certain rights with which the
court did not propose to interfere. The
road's attorney asked that an order be
made giving the road possession until the
land could be condemned, but the court
refused to do this, saying that the com
pany had had seven yeara to do this In
and had failed.
The court issued an order, however, for
bidding any further destruction of the
road's property.
Grantham's land Is gruarded by armed
men.
Last night two of the road's bridges
were blown up, one of them sixty feet
long and fifteen feet high. Many loads
of rails were carted off to a schoolhouse,
three miles from tho right of way.
Two hack loads of armed men went
down from Ladoga last night to the
Grantham farm. The road will be block
ed now for several days at least, and
Grantham's attorney declares possession
will not be relinquished untllthe road
pays $3000. \
FARMER BLOCKS
A RAILWAY LINE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Jan. U.— The residence
of Edward Cudahy was found to be on
fire to-night The flames were 'quickly
extinguished. The lire chief. Is not yet
satisfied as to whether the flre was of
incendiary origin or caused by spontan
eous combustion.
The incident has renewed the excite
ment over the famous Cudahy kidnaping
case as the elder Cudahy has been re
peatedly warned by letters from bandits
sincere offered the reward that his home
wouldybe burned If the reward was not
withdrawn. Mr. Cudahy gives it as his
personal opinion that the fire could not
have ,becn of incendiary origin. The fire
originated In the basement in a pile of
paper. In spite of this statement the im
pression is general in the city this even-
Ing that it is the work of kidnapers or
their Agents, In pursuance of their threats
to burn the Cudahy mansion unless the
reward for their apprehension was with
drawn. The flames were undoubtedly of
mysterious origin as a servant passed the
place a moment before the flames broke
out and detected no smoke, such as would
have been the caso in the event it had
been caused by spontaneous combustion.
Flames Break; Out in the
Basement of the Mansion
at Omaha.
MYSTERIOUS FIRE
IN CUDAHY HOME
TWO WOMEN FLOUT
THE MAJESTY OF THE LAW
Wherefore a Bench Warrant to Gather
Them In Is Issued by Judge
Mogan.
When the cases of Florence Cuslck and
Annie Scott, the. two young women arrest
ed in Hale Brothers' store and charged
with petty larceny, were called In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday the defendants
did not answer and bench warrants were
Issued for their arrest. The case was con ¦
tinued till January 18. It was said that
the two defandants had gone to Denve-.
Edward Willey, the sparring partner of
Ah Wing, the Chinese pugilist, was con
victed by Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses and sentenced to sixty days in the
County Jail. He secured %Z 50 from Mat
thew Kerr of the Club saloon, O'Farrell
street, on a note delivered by a messenger
boy and purporting to be signed by Eddie
Flynn.
Bertram Hamilton, alias George Smith,
the young New Yorker who was caught
stealing books from the news stand at the
Palace Hotel, had his case dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday. L. E. Lee, pro
prietor of the news stand, refused to tes
tify unless forced to uo so, as he did not
want to see the young man punished. Dr.
A. D. McLean promised to see the defend
ant sent off to his father in New York and
the defendant told the Judge he had got a
life lesson and would lead an honest life
in future.
"Billy" Abbott, the notorious dive keeD
er, appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday
on charges of disturbing the peace and
battery. He pleaded guilty to both
Ciiarges and was let off with a fine of J5
on each. In the early morning of Janu
ary 2, Abbott got into a fight with Joe
Narvaez on Stockton street and was ar
rested. After being balled out he met
Policeman Attridge. against whom he haa
a grudge. and*attacked him. Attridge laid
him . out with a blow on the chin and
when he recovered he was booked on a
charge of battery. He still shows the
effects of his controversy with Attridge.
August Petzold, who has erected larga
tenement houses at Franklin and Eddy
streets, was charged In Judge Conlan'a
court yesterday on complaint of the Fire
Wardens with not erecting proper fire
escapes. His attorney. Joseph CofTey.
raised the point that the charter had
taken the authority to order fire escapes
to be erected from the Fire Wardens an.l
givrn It to the Board of Public Works,
and he therefore asked that the case be
dismissed. The Judge reserved his de
cision till Monday.
Juror Nickels Is 111.
Owirg to the illness of J. F. N'ickels,
who is suffering from pleurisy, which, it
is sJU»jr*»d. hf contracted while Tloing jury
duty, the trial of Andrew Flatley In
Jt"3pc< Dunr.o's court was postponed" until
Monday. Nickel? was indisposed Wednes
day, and as Judge Dunne'e courtroom is
none too warm, his indisposition was con-
Fidersbly increased. It is scare* iy pos
pihle that the case will be taken up Mon
day, as Juror Nickels will probably be
oorfir.*>f5 t«j his bed for a considerable time.
PISTOL SHOT ALARMS
MISSION-STREET PEOPLE
Charles Breuning Fires Bullet Which
Crashes Into Casing of a
Saloon Door.
The sharp report of a pistol at the cor
ner of Third and Mission streets about 9
o'clock last night created considerable ex
citement in the neighborhood, but when
the fuss had subsided it was found that
no one had been injured and the fellow
who did the shooting was taken to police
headquarter^.
According to Charles Breuning, a sailor."
who fired the shot, he was attempting to
extract a cartridge from his revolver
when it exploded. Witnesses of the af
fair, however, tell a different story. They
say that Breuning acted very suspicious
ly He was «een to sneak* behind a boot
black stand on Mission street by Nick
Liiwler. who followed at a safe distance.
"Keep away from me," Lawler says
Breuning commanded, at the same time
brandishing the pistol.
Lawler dodged to one side and almost
simultaneously the shot was fired. The
bullet entered the casing of the door of
Pine & Schoen's saloon. Breuning then
coolly placed the smoking revolver In his
pocket and walked across the street. Per
sons who had been attracted by the
report seized him and held him until the
arrival of the patrol wagon.
MIMTTTI QTJABTET SERIES
PLEASES LABGE AUDIENCE
Fifth Chamber Mnsic Concert at Sher
man-Clay Hall Develops Unusu
ally Interesting Programme.
Tr.f fifth concert of the MinettI quartet
Furies of chamber music concerts was
jr.ven last evening at Sherman-Clay Hall
to a fairly large audience. An unusually
interesting programme was given, incluu
ir.g a new Russian quartet by Afanassieff,
the C min. piano and violin sonata of
Beethoven and the F min. piano quintet
cf Brahms. The cuartet was assisted by
Otto Bendix, pianist.
On January 25 the sixth and last con
cert cf the series will be given, and a rew
piano trio by Arensky will be then intro
duced. The programme also announced
That subscribers may obtain extra tickets
for th<? last concert, which will j* on sale
Et Sherman &: ("lay's mu?ie Ftor«
f ¦ -
Ah Tung, a Chinese about 40 years of
age, was arrested by Officer Mahoney yes
terday afternoon at 33 Spofford alley and"
taken to the Receiving Hospital. His
queer actions caused the doctors to doubt
his sanity and he was confined in the
insane ward. Shortly after midnight Ma
tron Bussenius heard a sound resembling
the falling of a chair coming from the
cell in which the Chinaman was confined".
Hastily summoning Steward Kahn, she
opened the cell door and found the Celes
tial hanging 1 from the grating forming the
roof of his cell. He was cut down and
after vigorous treatment restored to con
sciousness.
The Chinaman had taken a scarf from
about his waist ana, making a loop with
the aid of a large piece or jade stone with
a hole through the center, stood on the
chair and fastened the loose end of the
scarf to the grating. Jamming the stone
tight against his neck, he kicked the chair
from under him. He had been hanging
but a few momenta when he was cut
down. He is now occupying the cell, but
a 6traitjacket prevents any further at
tempts on his life.
While Confined in Hospital
Attempts to Hang
Himself.
THE annual meeting of the active
and contributing members of tho
Associated Charities was held yes
terday afternoon in the maple
hall of the Palace Hotel. Despite
the inclemency of the weather, there was
a large attendance of ladies and gentle
men who are interested in charity work.
The reports of the officers showed that
the society is in a prosperous condition
' and that much good was accomplished
during the past year. The report of the
registrar was particularly encouraging, as
it was shown that there was a noticeable
decrease in personal applications for aid.
This decrease is due to the improved! in
dustrial conditions.
During the year 1900 there were £61 new
and 439 recurrent cases reported and all
of them received the attention of the of
ficers of the society. Although the or
ganization has not been acting.in conjunc
tion with the Red Cross Society since Sep
tember last, the cases of 293 soldiers were
dealt with during the first three-quarters
of last year. The majority of the sol
dier applications were military offenders,
who had lost their pay for misdemeanors.
Work was secured for them through thd
efforts of the Associated Charities and the
Red Cross and they soon ceased to be de
pendent upon charity. There are forty
five churcho3 and societies now- acting in
co-operation with the organization' and
thanks were returned to them for the aid
extended. Among the new associations
to join hands with the Associated Chari
ties in the good work are the Chamber of
Commerce, Merchants' Association. Paul
lst Fathers and Emmanuel Baptist
INSANE CHINESE
TRIES SUICIDE
Church. Thanks were returned to the
heads of the several departments of the
municipal government and physicians
who gave their services to the poor and
needy.
Mrs. Thomas Cole, representing the
visiting nurse committee, reported that
every call had been cheerfully and will
ingly answered by the nurses, many of
whom gave more time to patients than
they could really spare In justice to them
selves. Many 'cases of sickness were
found to be due to poor sanitary condi
tions and when these cases were called to
the attention of the Board of Health the
defective plumbing was at once ordered
repaired. On the recommendation of Mrs.
Cole thanks were extended to the Univer
sity Dispensary for furnishing the society
with all drugs and medicines at cost.
The reuort of S. W» Levy, treasurer of
the society, showed that there is a balance
of $1014 26 on hand, as against $303 31 on
January 1, 1901. The receipts from all
sources for the year nmounted to $3723 23
and disbursements $3217 30. The principal
source of revenue was from the Mary A.
Crocker trust fund and from lira. Phebe
A. Hearst. • .
The following members were elected to
the central- council: Oliver Eldridge, - .T.
M. Burnett, B. »P. Flint, S. W. Levy, E.
J. Bowen. Miss Virginia Fitch. Mrs.
Thomas Cole, Mrs. Mary W. Kincaid,
Mrs. John Hays Hammond. Harold
Wheeler. Mrs. Warren Gregory. Mrs. C.
Regensburger, Mrs. Sylvaln Welll. Ogood
Putnam, Miss. Anna Head. G. C. .Wood
ward, Mrs. George H. Buckingham. Dr. C.
V. Cross. AlfredB. Ford. Henry N» Clem
ent, Dr. Margare,t".Mahopey and ¦ Charles
Murdock. The new directorate will be
composed of Oliver Eldrldge,- J. ,M. Bur,
nett, B. P. Flint. Osgood Putnam. S. W.
Levy, Misses. Vlrsrinla Fitch, E: J. Bowen,
Mrs. Mary : W. Kincaid and /Mrs.- William
Hardy. . •. , ,
At the conclusion of the business meet-
Ing the Rev. Dr. William Rader aBOressed
the members on "The Relation , of the
Churches to Associated Charity Work."
He said that while the church was In duty
bound to care for the poor and needy of
its members, there was a great deal of
money needlessly wasted because of lack
of a uniform and systematic method of
carrying on the philanthropic work.
"The pastor of a church." he said, "is
often Imposed upon by those who with a
glib tongue tell a Eton* of suffering that
appeals to his heart and his pocket. To
personally Investigate every case is im
possible and the really needy are often
times compelled to suffer for the wrong
doings of the unworthy."
The speaker then advocated the appoint
ment of friendly visiting committees in
districts to be establjshed throughout the
city. The members' of these committees
would soon learn of the cause of po\ r ertv
In each family and the work of removing
the cause could be commenced in an intel
ligent way. To remove poverty from our
midst.- can, in his opinion, 'only be accom
plished by destroying the cause.
"Tho principal causes of distress," said
Dr. Rader, "are the saloons, slum centers
and shylock money-lenders. Co-evil with
saloons and slums are the money-lendera.
who advance money to the honest and
temporarily needy at extortionate rates of
interest."
1 In conclusion Dr. Rader recommended
the establishment of a bank where the
1 poor but honest, v/ho are in straitened
circumstances, may borrow money, the
X same as the rich, at a 1us>t and legal rato
is of. Interest, instead of 5per cent per
: month, as at present. *
U..I he "£ ev ,- P: w - Clampett spoke at con
siderable length concerning the workings
of charity organizations in Baltimore and
Dr. Dorothea Moore told of the good
practical results to be obtained from
friendly vlRltinjr among the poor, as sue
gested by Dr. Rader.
FAVORS LIMITING HEIGHT
OF FENCES TO TEN FEET
Supervisors' Committee Recommends
That the Ordinance Go Into
Effect Immediately.
The Supervisors' Hospital and Health)
Committee recommended yesterday that
the ordinance limiting the height of fences
to ten feet, which is to go into effect on
July 1, 1901, be amended so that it be op
erative immediately. This action is in tho
nature of a compromise on the ordinance
introduced by Supervisor Booth intended
to limit the height of fences to ten feet.
Booth urged the adoption of his measure
on the ground that fences higher than
eight feet are a menace to life and limb
especially in windy weather.
Rev. Dr. Rader Urges the Establishment of a Bank That Will Ad
vance Money to the Honest Poor at Legal Kates of Interest
and. Save Them From the Hands of the Grasping Shylocks
Other Soldiers Will B» Sent Home
According to the Date of Their
Departure for the
Islands.
The homecoming of the volunteers in
the Philippines is now an assured fact.
A cablegram was received at army head
quarters yesterday announcing the depar
ture from Manila of the Thirty-seventh
Volunteer Infantry. The troops left on
the 10th lnst. on the transport Sheridan,
and are due to arrive here the early part
of February. The cable states that tha
regiment consist? of twenty-seven officers
and 654 men. under command of Colonel
J3.' Frank CheTatham. In all probability
th© men will be mustered out here, as
the regiment was organized in Manila.
The next regiments to leave will be tho
Thirty-sixth Infantry and the Eleventh
Cavalry, also organized in the Ulanda. In
addition to the volunteer troops, the Sher
idan carries 250 sick, seventeen Insane and
forty-four general prisoners. There ara
at present twenty-four regiments of vol
unteer infantry in Manila awaiting trans
portation home.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Shannon
Richmond, F. W. Richardson and R. S.
fe'pilman reported at headquarters yester
day for assignment to duty. Captain Ed
ward G. Beeson. assistant surgeon. U. S.'
V., reported from leave of absence ami
has been assigned to duty with the re
cruits at Model camp. Acting Assistant
Surgeons Lawrence McEvoy and Alfred
T. Short have been assigned to temporary
duty at the general hospital and Acting
Assistant Surgeon Compton Wilson has
been ordered to the Presidio, awaiting
transportation abroad.
Frederick Sullivan, private. Company I.
Twenty-first Infantry, and Corporal Gayle
E. Howard, Company K, Forty-fifth In
fantry, died yesterday at the general hos
pital. Their remains have been shipped
East for burial.
The descriptive lists of 125 convalescents
having arrived and their finals having
been mad© out. they will receive their dis
charges Monday. The services of three
paymasters will be required to pay the
men off.
Thirty-Seventh Regiment
Leaves Manila on Trans
port Sheridan.
VOLUNTEERS SAIL
FROM PHILIPPINES
There was a tie-up on the Mission-street
electric line last evening, and in conse
quence many residents of tho Mission dis
trict found cold suppers awaiting them
when thoy reached their homes. The tie
up was the result of an attempt made by
a motorman to knock a wagon heavily
loaded with lumber off the track. Tbat
the driver escaped injury was due to the
fact that he Jumped to the ground before
the car collided with his team. The col
lision occurred a few feet distant from
the crossing of Fourteenth Btreet,- and
witnesses pay that * was due to the care
lessness of the motorman. who was run
ning his car at too high a rate of speed.
The driver of the wagon was swinging
his team from the south to tho north side
of Mission street when an eastbound car
came thundering along the track. There
was no time for the driver to clear the
track, and he did the best thing possible
under the circumstances. He sprang from
his seat, and the next Instant the car
struck the hind part of the wagon with
sufficient force to break the axle and
turn the team upside down on the north
track.
The conductor of the car, notebook In
hand, ran to the driver and demanded of
him his namo and address. .
"You'll find out suon enough who I
«im." replied the man, as he coolly pro
ceeded to unhitch the horses from his
wrecked wagon.
"Where are you going now?" asked the
carman. ,
"Home." was the reply.
"Hut what about the blockade on our
line? What are we going to do with this
wagon and lumber?"
"Don't know," answered the teamster,
as he FtarUni off with his horses. "You
fellows dumped the load there," he added,
softly, "and you can do Just what you
please with it."
The teamster proceeded on his home
ward way. and the westbound cars com
menced riling up one behind the other.
There was a blockade so far as that part
of the line was concerned until the wagon
and pile of lumber were hauled out of the
way. There was a consultation between
the railroad men. One of them suggested
that it might be a good thing to leave
the wreck etand where it was until they
could hear from headquarters. While
considerable time would be lost and the
passengers inconvenienced, that would be
offset in the railroad eyes, he said, by
furnishing the company a chance to pre
sent a counter claim for damages against
the teamster for Interrupting traffic on
the line.
After a score of cars were standing one
behind the other, the railroad hands con
cluded to go to work and remove the
wreck. It took them quite a time to toss
the lumber aside and then drag the wagon
from the track. The passengers who
were delayed took some little satisfaction
out of jeering and laughing at the con
ductors and motormen as they labored as
lumber handlers. -
After the Smashing of His Wag-on in
a Collision He Unhitches His
Horses and Goes His
Ont Teamster Bids Defiance
to the Trolley Car
Corporation.
LEAVES WRECK
ON THE TRACK
6i*e!sJ biejsatch to The Call.
KCW YORK. Jan. II.— In the course of
a speech at a dinner Kiven by the Tatria
dob to-n1ght, L>r. JopJp.h Strong eaid:
"Th* twentieth century may make the
Tarinc a Mediterranean— a great inland
pea and the center of the civilized world.
\\> would further our facilities for reach
ing markets if we maintained a ei cat mer
* hant marine."'
He paid he believed that in the coming
century this nation will carry its own pro •
ducts on ffa instead of paying a vast euin
annually to France. Germany and Eng
land for doing so.
"With the ciscovery of America." the
speaker continued, • > ihe center of civillza
tion moved westward from the Mediter
ranean, which was the old midland sea. u
the AUantic. With the twentieth century
ihe center will move still further west
ward, and the Pacific will become the mid
land sea cf the new world life. It is al
ready now the center of the world's popu
laUon. Tho lands Jylng about the Pa
cific, In addition, are those most capable
"f sustaining an increased population.
North and &outh America togeWier aro
capable of sustaining, in addition to what
they already have, a population lar^T
than that of all Europe, and because able,
wiil be forced to do so when the old world
W-comes overpopulateu. Through Siberia.
that enormous territory, the Csar i.« build
ing his great trans-Siberian railroad and
ih offering extraordinary inducements to
immigrants. As soon as the last rail l:ns
been laid the influx to Siberia from the
hundred millions of Russia will bo enor
mrrus."
In epeaklr.e about China Dr. Strong
dwelt upon the gTeat market which had
been opened to us in that land through tno
cpen-coor policy.
"The Isolation of Clilr.a has ccme to an
end. The Chino-Japanese war Ftruck that
country a blow which was effective .n
cracking her shell of eelf-conceit and iso
lation. AVeptern civilization has been ad
mitted to China and cannot be cast out.
China, mere ancient than Abraham, will
F^on be traveling in lightning expresses
end eleetrir car?, and the Chinese will
road their Confucius by the light of Edi
fnn incandescent lamps."
"Europe, "the speaker paid, "will soon be
the baf k yard of the world, and while to
r'a' T we are pprakir.gr of San Francisco as
r>«:!ngT SiKX) miles distant from New York.
•u*» will In the twentieth century speak of
»w York as being that far distant from
Fan Francisco."
In a Speech at the Patria Club Dr.
JoEiah Strong Speaks of the Pos
sibilities of San Francisco
and the West.
Pacific Ocean to Beoom* tha
Center of the Civilized
World.
GREAT FUTURE
FOR THIS CITY
WORKERS IN THE FIELD OF CHARITY
RECEIVE REPORTS FROM OFFICERS OF
THE GOOD ACCOMPLISHED LAST YEAR
The idea of holding a floral congress in
conjunction with its annual spring floral
exhibition was the cnler topjc of discus
sion at the annual meeting of the State
Floral Society yesterday. The members
present, were enthusiastic and the idea
immediately took rtfet. Committees are
to be appointed and the work of arrang
ing for the .congress will be taken, up at
once. ~. , .
The congress will be the second ever
held in this country and the third ever
convened In the world. The floral con
gress held during the World's Fair at
Chicago In 1533 arousad the interest of
horticulturists throughout the civilized
world. Tha one held some months ago at
the Paris Exposition was not successful.
Judging by the reports received from the
French capital. It Is ihe intention of the
State society to make the third floral con
gress surpass in interest and usefulness
previous affairs of its kind.
In conjunction with the congress, the
society will hold its regular spring ex
hibition. The blooms of California will
be shown In all their glory and fragrance.
Invitations will be extended to- all horti
cultural societies west of the Rockies to
send delegates and it is confidently as
serted that many prominent horticultur
ists will attend.
Professor Emory E. Smith of Stanford,
who presided at the meeting yesterday,
talked ai length on the project. He said
the society would receive co-operation in
its undertaking and he prophesied suc
cess. He suggested tl-at a general com
mittee should be appointed to have charge
of the arrangements and that this com
mittee should be composed of representa
tive people interested in the various
phases of horticulture.
Acting on his suggestion, the chairman
whs empowered to aopolnt such a com
mittee. A number of pamphlets on fight-
Ing the frost were received from Director
McAdle of the Weather Bureau and dis
tributed among the members. Reports
were heard from different officers. Treas
urer J. Henderson's report showed that
the late flower show netted $63 72. He said
this was gratifying as it was usual for the
society to draw on its funds to meet the
expenses of a show. He said 5363 90 had
been expended during the past twelve
months and a balance of $196 21 was in
the treasury.
Mrs. H. J3. Trlcou and Mrs. L. Gunnison,
secretary and accountant, respectively,
presented reports. Tho secretary stated
that sixty new members had been re
ceived during: the year. The organization
lost one by death, eight resigned and five
were dropped for non-payment of dues,
leaving 139 members, ninety-five of whom
are residents of this city.
An expression of sympathy was ex
tended to Professor E. J. TVIekson, a
former president of the organization, who
was recently bereaved by the loss of his
mother. Mrs. L» O. Ilodgkins was re
quested to express the sorrow of the
members. —•
The following 1 nominations wer« made
of officers, who will be elected at the next
meeting:
President. Professor Emory E. Smith: first
vice president. Mrs. I* O. Hodrklns: second
vice president. Mrs. William Alvord; recording
secretary. Mrs. H. P. Trlcou; correspond inn
secretary. Mrs. XV. H. Wlester. Mrs. M.
Grcthwell; accountant, Mrs. 1» Qunnlson;
treasurer. J. Henderson. Mrs. M. Soerry and
John Hlnkle: directors — Mra. E. J. "W'lnicerter,
Mrs. T. Sachou, John Hlnkle, Mrs. C. Fried
man and Mrs. J. M. Martin.
The following committee was appointed
to arrange for the flower show: F. A.
Miller. C. Abrams, Mrs. \V. S. Chandler
Mrs. T. Sachou and E. Gill. A committee
on papers and subjects to be heard at the
cominjr congress, composed of Mrs. M.
Sperry, Mrs. L«. O. Ilodgkins and Mm.
E. W. Maslin, was also appointed by th»
chairman.
Interesting Discussion at the Annual
Meeting — Preparation for the
Regular Spring Horticul
tural Exhibition.
Proposition Is Enthusiastic
ally Received by State
FLOWER CONGRESS
IS NOW PROJECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901. .
Way.
9
'//
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For' a Cold in .the Head.
Laxative Brcmo-Quinlne Tablets. *
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets deFerye to head
the lift as a household remedy to check
end break up couphs and colds, because
unlike many other catarrh and cou*h
cures, these tablets contain no opiate,
«~oraine or any injurious* drujr.
An attorney and public Fp*>aker, who
r.nd been a catarrh sufferer for years
rays:
•"Every fall I rmiM catch a cold. whJf-h
¦w-o'jld settle in my h««ad and throat and
harp on all winter long, and every winter
it F'-rmoJ to pet a little worse. I was con-
Unually clearing my throat and my voice
li'-csrai" affected to frueh an extent as to
lnter!>r«* with my public speaking.
"I tried troches and cheap couph cures
r.r.d tometimes pot relief, but only for a
*hort time, until this winter, when I
Jfarnrf of the> new catarrh cure. Stuart'a
Catarrh Tablets, througrn a. newspaper ad-
vcn!5Pm<'nt Two fifty-cent boxes which
I boupht at my druggist's cleared my head
and throat in fine shape, and to iruard
spainf-'t a rrturn of my old trouble? I keep
a box of th« taW«rts on hand, and when-
rver I ratch a Httl* cold I take & tablet
cr two ar.d ward oft any serious develop-
ments."
L>r. Mclveraey advises catarrh sufferers
to use a new preparation, sold by drug-
rieti?. called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, be-
cause actual analysis has shown these
tablets to contain certain antiseptic qual-
ities of the. highest value, and being on
Internal remedy, pleasant to the taste
convenient and harmless, can bo u?ed as
freely as required, as well for children aa
for adults.
Catarrh of the throat and bronchial
«t*s as well as catarrh of the stomach
cr.d liver are ajmost as common a? nasal
catarrh end generally more difficult to
cure.
eaiarrh is undoubtedly a blood disease
»ric3 ran only be successfully eradicated
ly an ir.rerr.al treatment. Sprays, washes
tn<i powders are useless as far as reach-
ing the real seat of the disease is con-
cerned.
Catarrh !s at home anywhere and every-
•rhetc While more common in cold,
c-hangr-able climates, it Is by no means
confined to them, but is prevalent in every
State ruid Territory in the Union.
The common definition of catarrh is a
chronic cold in the head, which if long:
Xi«r.*rl< 3 <-ted often destroys the sense of rmell
end Scaring; but there are many other
forms of the disease, even more obstinate
and rianperous.
Catarrh Is Found Everywhere.
NOT DUE TO CLIMATE.
Ary one knows acd knows when cured. We
have oSered a reward of $25 for 4 years here
in Lrss Anjelei to unr one with Piles who could
net be cured trtth 1 Bf»x of Verns Pile Cure.
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any one suITerinr
v.th Piles I&0 who car.net be cured trtth Verus
Tile Cure. Our record shows over lO.COQ cured,
V.'rite for Information. I'crhzps we have your
reigrhbor'a testimonial. Price 12. postpaid.
YEEUS FILE CURE CO., EOOI 226, WOSOl BIk
Or ELLINGTON DIUJO CO.. Wholesale and
Retail Druggists. Apt*., Fourth and
Eprtnj? etc.. X»s Angele*. CaL
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Sped*]
I onlc tor the Sexual Orsrans, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
seys an«l Bladder. Fells on Its own merit*. .
> NABER, A3JFB A BUCKS. A«enU.
KJ Market et.. 6. F.— (Send tor Circular*.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I £ A GREAT RESTOUATJV'U INVIOORA-
¦ tor and Nervln*.
MR3. A2CSTE AaXGX.
toms. Her experience in treating fe-
male ills is greater than any other
living person. Following is a letter
from a woman who is thankful for
avoiding a terrible operation.
. "I was suffering to such an extent
from ovarian trouble that my physi-
cian thought an operation would be
necessary.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound having been recommended to
me, I decided to try it. After using"
several bottles I found that I was
cured. My entire system was toned
up, and I suffered no more •with my
ovaries."— Mrs. A?rs\ AsTox.Troy.Mo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A dull, throbbing pain, accompanied
by a sense of tenderness and heat low
down in the side, with an occasional
shooting pain, indicates inflammation.
On examination it will be found that
the region of pain shows some swell-
ing'. This is the first stage of oraritia,
inflammation of the ovary. If the roof
of your house leaks, my sister, you havo
it fixed at once ; why not pay the same
respect to your own body ?
You need not, you ought not to let
yourself go, when one of your own sex
holds out the helping- hand to you, and
will advise you without money, and
without price. Write to Mrs. Pinkhazn,
Lynn, Mass. , and tell her all your symp»
WHAT IS OVARITIS?
Sen! Iraf &^V«£Til
DR.MEYERS&.CO.
Specialists. Disease %&&* '
and weakness ol SS'}
men. Established T^gjr
and „ private book. v!«!*t, ijr_Xl
free, at office or by nBifflrl j!tfwRJ
mail. Cures guar- lwlkfiW*^'
ket street (elevator >v*?fcfei 1 Mr
5p Hoffmanettes &p
> Cigar.. ««
THE HILSON CO.. Mak.tr». H. Y.
KID. I1SXJ& k COL. Ei*l*liat.i* £*» #.»»«¦ —vL&CAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet's Financial Rrjmv.
Chicago Grain Market.
Continued on Page Thirteen
KEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Business 1? still of a between
ff-ason character In most lines, but a livening
of Interest In several trades has been noted
this week. Relatively l»est reports come 'from
the iron and eteel, lumber, leather and drug
traded, but there has been some enlargement
of wholesale distributive, trade on spring ac
count in the South and West. Spring: trade
in drysoods Is just opening up, and it is noted
that a heavy shipping movement on orders Is
now proceeding at the West. Some gain In
, INSURANCE STOCKS,
Flrem's Fund. 30 23S |
Bay Co PCoSs.104% — Oak Water 5*. 101 103
Cal-st Cab 6s.ll8 — Oceanic a 8 5s.l08%10»
C C Water Ss.10614 — Om C Ry to.. — 128H
Ed L & P 6S..131 135 Pac O Imp 4s.lM —
F & Cl Ry Ja.lHH — PAC1R7 6a.lO5 —
Geayr-st R 6s. — — PAORR «s. — -
H C & S &%*. — — Powell-st R to.ttS —
Do 5a 103*1 — Sac E OAR Ss. — 9f
Dogntdes..- = SPBjfAg.110%-
T. A P R*R 5a 100 — Series A) ...M»t4 —
Market-st SsT.lM — T» (Series B)U0^ —
Do 1st M 5s.l21%122H Do (1306) ....m 112%
NCNOR7S. - 113 Do (1912) ...120%-
N R of Cal 6S.1U 113 S P R 1st,* 5a,107 108H
r>o 5a 120 — S P B R C 6S.13H4 —
N P C R R 8S.W1H — B V Water «s..114H —
DoSs. VHM— Do 4s -104
N Cal Ry 6S..110&— Do 3d mtge. — 103
O O L * H 5s. — 111H Stktn Gaa es..l03 —
Oak Tran «*.. — 1"
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 TlVi I Spring Valley. 92% 93^4
Marln County. B1H — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L A P Co — *M Pac L Co «H 44*~i
Eqult O L Co. rH 3 Sac E OAR Co — —
Mutual El Co. 7 SH8FO4 E.... «U 45%
OOLs H.... « T /4 — San Francisco. 4% 414
Pao Gas Imp. 43*4 — Stktn O A B.. — 14
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. .lit 115 Us do ep (new)137^133H
4s do res 114 115 13s do coup. ...110 111
FRIDAY. Jan. 11— 3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONTJS.
STOCK MD BOND EXCHANGE.
The Bond Exchange did a fair business, but
there was little disturbance to raises.
On the Oil exchange Reed rolled up a last*
business at UO'Oc m. decline, and Cariboo aa
also lower at 45®4Sc California-Standard wu
higher at JS©40c Lion at 26©27o and Monarch
at 7SS81C
Trading continued good la the afternoon, wlta
less change In prices.
Dividends of 35c per share have been declared
by the Kllauea Sugar Company and the Hutch-
Inson Plantation Company, the former payable
on the Uth and the latter on the list.
M • #
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— There was a larger trade
In wheat than for days past, but It was of a
mysterious sort and confined largely to two
firms.
Otherwise the market was a, dull one. Ar
mour bought 1.500,000 bushels and a commis
sion firm sold about that much. Some thought
the buying was In the way of evening up
Armour's trades in order to settle the estate
of the late P. D. Armour. It was also re
ported that the operations had to do with
Judge Tulley's adverse warehouse decision an
nounced yesterday, although in what way was
not made plain. Outside Interests were not
In the market to any extent. Demand Invari
ably met with liberal response from longs
Lower cables, heavy receipts, Increased Ar
gentine shipments and favorable news from
that country were depressing factors. May,
having opened a shade to %@%c lower at 77V4
077%o, sold during the forenoon between 77U
©77&C and 77%c, later dropped to 76%c and
clcsed steady %<3%c lower at 77%c. The recov
ery from the bottom in the last few minutes
was on profit-taking by shorts.
Corn was quiet with the trade small In vol
ume and; without feature. The market was
Inclined to sympathize with wheat and to
weaken on the receipts, 6C0 cars, but the fear
of bad weather shutting oft the movement
tended to steady prices. May closed V»c lower
Oats were quiet and Bteady. Country offer-
Ings were light and there was a good demand
from shippers. Receipts were 358 cars. May
cloaed 'Ac lower.
Provisions were dull, opening lower In sym
pathy with lower hog prices, steadying on mod
erate bull support. May pork closed 6c higher
May ribs a shade improved and May lard a
shade up.
The leading- futures ranged as follows:
Articles- ¦ Open. High. Low. dose"
>> heat No. 2 —
January 74U 74% 74 74W
February 75^1 73% 74% 74?i
?coVnt N o?F; : -: 77% #¦/.«* "h
Su-ary-:::::::::: -88 j$ g* ' «a
M Oat,No."2- •"" »* ¦ ' ¦ ?* 38 * 8S £
January 23H .23^ 23Vi 23«
Ma^ ..25V, 25% 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 14 25 14 25 14 05: 14 05
Mny 13 93 14 10 13 95 1405
l^ird. rer 100 lbs— « >» .i« uo
January • 7 35 7 33 7 85 7 35
March 7 37V4 7 37^ 7 37H 7 87U
May ......7 40 7 47'A 7 40 7 ik
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .
January.:.- 7 00 .7 00 7 00 7 00
May .......:. 7 10 7 17& .7 10 7 12H
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour aulet
S"S -T*^ 1 No - 3 spring wheat. 72c: No. 2 red
.6@77^c; No. 2 corn. 37V4c; No. 2 yellow. 37Vic:
No. 2 cats, 24@24'4c; No. 2 white. 27027V4C
No. 3 white, 26i4©27Hc; No. 2, rye. 53c; fair to
STOCK MARKET.
Bonds have also been very strong and the
scarcity of offerlnirs of prime Issues is still a
feature. The etreet Itself seems less Inclined
to fear an Immediate culmination of the
"boom" than It was a few weeks aeo and the
activity on a scale which under or
dinary conditions mlzht have been sup
posed to mark the turning point In the
speculation created little actual misgivings on
the part of speculators. Pools in certain stocks
seem to have realized, but other securities have
been taken in hand and advanced In their
place, and the success with which it has been re
peated creates a feeling that the press can go
on for some time to come, though stocks which
have been unduly advanced recede to more mod
erate quotations and the market is a large suf
ferer from temporary general reactions. The
supcort given by large Interests to these sp«
eialttes has not, apparently, been withdrawn,
and new combinations among the railroads are
expected to be announced even if actual facts
In seme instances do not agree with specula
tive anticipations.
Trade upon a larger scale than Wall street
has ever seen marked the end of last week
and the beginning of the present one. The facts
that on last Saturday in the two hours of
business n.t the New York Stock Exchange
1.777.000 shares chanced hands, and that on
Monday, January 7, the high water mark for
a full day was reached with recorded dealings
of over 2.000,000 shares. Illustrates the size of the
present market. This was due to the effect on
speculation of the deal by which the Jersey
Central road has l>een acquired for the Reading
Company, supplemented by the general belief
thai a foundation existed for the rumors con
cerning the acquisition of the St. Paul Com
pany and perhaps of other western systems by
certain corporations. Enormous realizing sales
were met by buying on an equally remarkable
scale, and the public Interest appeared to be
Increasing its participation In the speculative
movement. Later in the week, while the vol
ume of transactions continued laree, the tone
became quieter and there was a subsidence of
the excitement, accompanied by more or less
reactionary tendencies. This was partly occa
rasloned by the fact that the growing ease of
money here and the tendency of funds to re
turn to New York from the interior Is in de
cided contrast to the continued pressure upon
the London money market, which creates an
urgent demand for our assistance there, re
flected in the further rapid rise of foreign ex
chanee rates at New York this week and the
prospect that some gold will have to be shipped
to the ether 6ide. While the bank statement
of last Saturday was satisfactory, and It is
felt that some specie can be loaned to London
without any risk of producing pressure in our
money market, the outlook Internationally Is
one which would tend to foster conservatism
Even more effective, however, were develop
ments which seemed to indicate that the street
was oversaneiilne about plans of the finan
ciers who were supposed to be preparing
fresh combinations concerning St. Paul ana
other railroads, and the announcement of pros
pective competition by the Carnegie Company
with the National Tube Company, the last
news belnK particularly depressing In Its ef
fects on the industrials. It must, however, be
admitted that at concessions there was appar
ently a good buying demand for stocks and
that the Investment market shows no exhaus
tion of the buying power. In fact, notwith
standing, large purchases apparently for Invest
ment have been seen in stocks which like Mis
souri Pacific have advanced on the strength of
Intimations that their restoration to the posi
tion . of dividend payers Is at hand.
NEW YORK, Jan. ll.-Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will «?ay:
Beans continue quiet but firmly held.
BEANS— Bayos. 12 60@2 70; Small White.
$4 XA'sH 65; Large' White, $3 6503 80; Pink. S3 20
02 35 ; Red. $2 75@3 ; Blackey e. S3 ; Llmaa. $5 50
if? 5 65: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75<g4 per ctl. '' !^RflBMttB*SMH r MMB
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Beans and Seeds.
BRAN— 114 60©15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, S25@26; jobbing
J26 CO; Cocoamit Cake, *17<SJ18; Corn Meal. 1260
26 50; Cracked Corn, $26 60@27; Mixed Feed
115(3:16, . ' ¦¦.-.¦• . ¦ , '
HAY— Volunteer. $508; Wheat. J11@13 50-
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 60; Oat, J9@12; Clover.'
nominal; Alfalfa, $S®9 50; Barley, $7 C0@0 60
per ton. '
STHAW-35@47%o per bale. .
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. The
rain tends . to check trade. ¦
Hay and Feedstuff s.
M1LLSTUKFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flair, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. |2 SO; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, S3 *<6;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny, t3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, • J4©4 25-
Cracked Wheat. |3 60; Farina. S4 60; Whole
Whoat Flour., {3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $tQ
7 25; In sacks, $5 7597; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, $5 E0 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, S3 23fl
3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (3 15®3 25;
Oregon, $2 7502 85 per barrel for family and
12 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2-J5
®3- . .
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls.
72Hc; 2000, 72Hc.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market stands precisely u be-
Whlte, U 30#l BO; Surprise, nominal; Red
U2C014O for Feed and Jl 35©1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, II 17H01 20;
for Seed. $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
CORN— There is no demand of any conse
quence. Yellow, $1 12H@1 15; White. |1 10®
1 15; Eastern mixed. $1 12% per ctl.
RYE— 85@87%c per ctl. Offerings are nu
merous and neglected.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at *1 83 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15' o'clock— May — 2000
Ctls, Jl 05H; 2000, $1 05H.
Second Session — May — SHOO ctls, $1 05H.
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
$1 05%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Quotations for Feed continue to
settle slowly, as the demand is practically nil.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 73%c for
No. 1 and 70@72Hc for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, S0@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and .Paris
firm. New York declined from 82-Hc to 81Hc.
Chicago was loss active but steady rn the
face of foreign advices. Argentine shipments
were larger and Northwestern receipts were
double those of last week. Minneapolis wired
an expected Increase of 350.000 bushels this
week. The feeling became weak, but the mar
ket yielded stubbornly to the bearish tono of
news, especially as Armour bought a million
bushels and other heavy buyers took large
lines. There was heavy selling by commission
houses.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping; Jlgl OlVi; milling,
Jl-02Hf 1 C5 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, €0 days, — Jt 84
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 8S
Sterling Cables ..: — 4 89
New York Exchange, slRht — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17H
Kino Silver, per ounce — C3H
Mexican Dollars, nominal COVs @ 01
Exchange and Bullion.
Business was confined chiefly to meeting Im
mediate wants of buyers, and the market for
evaporated apples ruled quiet, but steady, at
unchanged prices. State common was quoted
at 3%@49ic; prime, E@5?ic; choice, &*A<&$c, and
fancy, 6^70.
California dried fruits. Inactive.
PRUNES — 3U'3"S'4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%®12c; Moorpark, 8Vi0
15c. v
PEACHES— Peeled, 14018c; unreeled, 6tf®10c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Jan. .11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,034 barrels; exports, 4215 barrels. Weak and
5@10c lower, but still above buyers' views.
Minnesota patents, f4fH 35; winter extras, {2 SO
<S2 SO; Minnesota bakers', $3@3 35; winter low
grades, $2 45f&2 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 32,400 bushels; spot. weak.
No. 2 red, SIVic f. o. b. afloat: Xo. 2 red, 79>4c
elevator: No. 1 Northern Puluth, 86^«c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 90%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options were In a weak position all day suf
fering from Renewed liquidation, large North
west receipts, short selling, easier cables and
lack of outside support. Closed weak at 'i r <i
He net loss. March, SlVi'SSlVic, closed at SUic;
May. S1%@S2 7- 16c, closed £l%c; July closed
SO%c.
HOPS— Steady: Pacific Coast, 1900 crop. 15®
19c; JS99. lO^Hc; old. 2Q6c.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEL'M-Steady.
SUGAR— lied, firm but <iulet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice, 7Ho
nominal; mild, Cordova, 8Q"12c. CofTee futures
clored steady, with prices unchanged to 5
points net higher. Total sales, 16,500 bagu, in
cluding: January. J5 CO; February, Jo 70;
March. $5 70©-3 75; April. Jo S3; September. So 95;
OctolH-r. |C; November, *6 05; December, J6 03.
BUTTKIt— Receipts, 4757 packages; weak.
Cresmery. 16$j'23c; June creamery, lttg;21c; fac
tory, ll(£i 14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 640A packages: steady «t th»
decline. Western racked, at mark, 19^21c ;
"Western, loss oft, 22a
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— The furious buying of
Delaware and Hudson and Ontario and West
era In the last hour of the market saved the
day on the Etock Exchange from something
like positive dullness. After the recent high
level of speculative excitement, traders were
unable to di£tir-g"u!sh the tone of the market
froru dullness, so etrong was the contrast, and
j-«t there were notable advances In the price of
important Etocks tr.i a ccale of trading that
uouid have attracted marked attention previous
to last November. Tae recent attempts to
awaken a general speculation In the Southwest
em con-.rner.surate with that which has oc
curred in ether groops were apparently aban
doned to-day. The general decline In the buy-
Inx derr.&sd led to large selling to take profits,
end except lor the special points of strength
the market was under considerable pressure
from this selling. A growing Ekecticism re
tarding many at the confident statements
which have circulated regaxdinR coming com
binations in the railroad world was a fore
most motive cf the selllru: iSome effect was
X>roduced by the abser.ee fruu. the street with
an tttack of grip of an operator commonly ac
creiited with belnir deeply Involved In th« Ions
elde of the market and whose skill and bold
ness In man'&ulatlcn are much relied on for
leadership cf the market. But those conditions
led rather to a waiting policy than to any
very active a^gresFion on the part of the bears
Their accounts are already bo extensive that
the buying to cover Ehorts by that element
eervet es an effective prop !n the market at any
considerable reces-sicn. The timidity of the
bear* 1b also due to a prevalent belief that the
many rumor* current of Important develop
ments In railroad consolidation yet to come
have a basis In fact.
The market, therefor*, showed no acute weak
riess at any time and the. profit taking was well
absorbed under the eustalnlne' power of the
Fpecial etrer.gth. At various tlme» during the
day thl« was Ehown In the Pacifies, especially
Union Pacific, In Baltimore and Ohio, Chesa
peake and Ohio and Norfolk and Western and
in a number of less cromtnent etocks. lnclud
1nc Cleveland. Cincinnati. Chlcasro and St.
Louis, New York Central and Omaha on light
The absorption of Ontario asS Western was
very large end confident and vu by brokers
credited with trtlr.tr for the commanding figure
In the anthracite situation. The Increase of t
per cent In the yearly dividend on Delaware
sr.a Hudson caught a large short Interest acd
there were wild fluctuations in the etocks un
der the distressed bidding by this element.
Fuecessive Jumps of a half and even a full
point carried the etock up to 1E7. after a re
action of S. up again to 1E9H. where It closed.
The net gain Is thus 14 points. The other coal
«r» evmj>a.th'.zed. especially Ontario and West
erns, the Readings and the Erles. the latter
having been reactionary In the earlier part of
the fiey. The extreme advances were Ontario
end Western. Z\i: Erie eecond preferred, 4«4:
J-rie first preferred. 2%. and Erie common and
the Readings about 2 points each. Union Pa
cific roee to the be*t jwlce cf the day at the
clostriif. being then 3 points above the lowest,
but the market cenerally did not close at the
tt»p. The Indications of a rain In cash b/
the bank* cf over $3,000,000 during the week wa»
¦without rpe^lal effect on the market. a« the ln
creaslnc ease of money ha» clearly Indicate?
an abundance of funds.
The bond market was firm but notr very ac
tive. Total sales, par value, S3.02S.000. United
f tstes bonds were ail unchanged on the last
call. >>-. ......
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares Closing
Sold. Etocks— Bid.
1LT00 Atchlson 4S%
I'.t'.o Atchison prefd SfiL,
14,800 Baltimore & Ohio 81*»
Canadian Pacific 90H
1.2W Canada Southern 6$^
19 200' Chesapeake & Ohio i0%.
S.COO Chicago Oreat Western 16H
14.800 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 145
1,200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 28
800 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 60*4
600 Chicago & Eastern Illinois S5»4
1.000 Chicago & Northwestern 173
13 300 Chicago Rock Inland & Pacific 12s>4
700' CCCift Louis 77^
S.GOO Colorado Southern SK
1,800 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42%
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
CS.700 r»elaware A Hudson lSSVJ
l.S0# rviaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 198
2,100 Denver & KIo Grande 20%
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 83H
SO.fOO Erie 20
S5.4f«0 nrle 1st prefd 66%
100 Great Northern prefd 195
Hocking Coal 15
J.100 Hocking Valley 43%
B 500 Illinois Central 133H
8.IO0 Iowa Central _. 2414
TOO Iowa Central prefd ?.. 60
200 Lake Erie & Western 42
, Lake Erl<» & Western prefd HO
Lake Shore 230
2S.KO0 Louisville *r Nashville 90^4
37,100 Manhattan L 117
2 4f'O Metropolitan Street Railway 1C7T4
200 Mexican Central 15»4
200 Minn & fit Louts C8T«
..." Minn & fit Louis prefd 103
l,m Missouri Pacific K%
700 Mobile & Ohio 47%
?,2iO Missouri Kansas & Texas 16H
21.6C0 Missouri Kar.sas & Texa* prefd 47%
LO00 New Jereey Central 1£S%
10.900 New York Central 145ii
New York Stock Market.
Ectts arw lower. There- is a farther decTtn*
In Butter, and the tendency is downward, ow
ing to large and Increasing supplies. Cheese la
also going down In the wholesale market.
Poultry has been higher and rather scarcer
this week, but at the clow is In better supply
and rather cheaper. Game Is precisely the re
verse, being In lighter supply and dearer at
the close of the 'week.
Summer Veeetables are generally dearer, am
the kllllntr frosts in the southern ran of the
State are cutting down the receipts.
The market Is heavily supplied with Oranges,
Lemons and Bananas.
Mutton and Lamb are Terr dear and scarce.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel | 012 OOlSouthfleld
Wellington.. £11 00 Welllnjtfoa — eil 00
Seattle 9 00® JCoos Bay.....— Q 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, choice, sfj -13 <?;<>' Common Esgr»....2JSTI7
Do. good 35'5-t'J Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled 35<B40| dozen 30®S5
Tub. per lb 25-3 — Honey Comb, pet 1
Cheese. Cal 153171 pound 13©20
Cheese. Eastern. .17020 Do. extracted.. .10^12
Cheese. Swiss 20<g35
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 13@U|Round Steak 109—
Beef, choice 15©20 ! Sirloin Steak li^—
Do, good ........—^?12j Porterhouse do ...20®—
Corned Beef — ©3W Smoked Beef — Q1Z
Ham 12@15JPork. salt 12'tftf
Lard — ®13iPork Chops 13313
Mutton 125«!njPork Sausages.. 12u@io
Lamb 15® 25 Veal 12®15
Pork, fresh 15®— j
Poultry and Gam*—
Hens, each 60073 Doves, oer doz..T3cBJl
Young Roosters, Quail, per da...$iS2 75
each 6Ca73 English Snipe, per
Old IlooatTs. «&.. 50(360 dozen $2 5"t?3
Fryers, each W«$ — Jack Snipe jl 75@2
Broilers, each 40^30 Mallard. palr....75c3Jl
Turkeys, per lb. JT^OiCanvaaback ..75c®$l 2."»
Ducks, each &>@75lSprlK ........60<@Ki
Geese, each.. .SI KXffl Tj Teal BOrgSO
Pigeons, pair 40<3C0 Widgeon 5<ratiO
Rabbits, pair 40©— Small Duck 30^+)
Hare, each — ©20 Wild Geese, pair.— ©;C
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, per lb..l5<©20 Ltm#«. per aoa....l0®lS
Apt>le» 4^? 5 Lemons, doz 15@2S
Bananas, doz — 20«23 Raisins, per lb.... — (g—
Oranges, doa ....l^SO Walnuts, per lb..l5@2O
Vegetables —
AsparaKus.per lb.30© — I Peppers, cr. Ib-.l^H^ —
Artichokes.dz 75c©U ! Potatoes, psr lb.. 2@ —
Beets, doz log 1 — I Rhubarb. peT lb..— <??15
Beans, white. lb..lS<?20j Sweet Potatoes, lb S®—
Colored, per lb..lOS— Parsnips, ner dz.loS —
Lima, per lb 8@10.Radlsbes.dz bch.i.l'.-go
Cabbage, each .. 19 — ISas». 'do* bncri»..25SSO
Cauliflowers, ea... Bj® — [String Bean*. lb..20<Q25
Celery, head 5®— Summer Squash.
Cress, doz bnchs.l5#°0| per lb 13t?30
Cucumbers, pr dz..$2 00: Sprouts, per lb.... 5.t£—
Egg Plant. lb 2<>S?r> i Spinach, per lb.... 6 < a —
Green Peas, lb 10@15| Thyme, per lb 25830
Lettuce, per doz..l5t?20i Turnips, per <!oz..10$—
Onions, per lb — 2® 4 Tomatoes, per lb.20@—
Okra. dried, lb... — ®23i
Fish-
Barracuda, ....... .13915 Rhad STl^
Carp 8310 Sea Baas .......... — @13
Todflsh 12#13 Smelts 12B 1 —
Flounden 10Q1! [Soles 1(V§—
Halibut 10015 Fkates. each t@l2
Klngrflsh 9i« — Tomeod ..— «15
Mackerel 152 — Claras, gallon.. ...502 1 —
Do. Horsa ....12V4@- Do, hardshell, lb 8§ to
Perch 10®12 Crabs, each ....12H$—
Pomplno 90®—) Do. softshell. dz.40^—
Rockflsh 12H?J — Mussels, quart.... 5f?l>
Salmon, fresb. ....20d — Oysters. Cal. 100.. 40^^i
Do, smoked .... — @15 Do, Eastern, <3z.25@4i)
Shrimps 8010
Family Retail Market,
Weather Report.
OTOth Meridlas— raelf.c Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 11—5 p. m.
Tbe following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, £s coir.pareS with those of same date
le*t Ee&eon, end rainfall la last twenty-four
hourf :
' Last I This j Last
STATIONS. '24 Hours; Season, j Season.
l^reka .... SO.JJS
Ited Bluff O.€4 13.32 14.69
Sacramento 0.20 10.20 ' 13.19
San Francisco CM 11.45 14. 2S
Prfrao 0.08 7.C3 6.11
Independence COO 4.S5 2.09
Ean Luis Obis-po 0.C1 29.79 12.50
Los Angeles CM 7.S5 4.57
San Diego COO 2.45 2.60
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
47; minimum. 41 ; mean. 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pre**>ur* has risen slowly over the north
western portion of the country. The storm over
WaEhinpten ar.d Erltisn Columbia is apparent
ly moving rapidly eastward through the Brit
ish possessions.
The temperature is from 12 to 16 degrees
¦warmer over Nevada, Southern t'tah and Ari
zona. In the great vaileyg of Caiifornia the
temperatures continue from Z to 14 degrees be
low the ncrrr.al.
Snow ct rain has fallen renerally over the
Pacific 6!ope north ct the Ti-hachapl. Heavy
pnew is rej>crted In the northern end cf the
t-aerarcento Valley.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland. 22 miles per hour from the
fouth; Pocatello, S6 from the southeast, und
Winnemucca. 26 from the west.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hruis ending midnight January 12:
Northern California — Cloudy Saturday, with
light rain in northeastern r^-irtlon; warmer in
northern portion; fresh southwest winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday, wann
er: light westerly wind?.
Nevada — Lijrht enow or rain Saturday; brisk
wester:y winds.
Utah— Lig-ht snow or rain Saturday; brick
westerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Frsjicisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday;
fresa eyj:twe£t winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Failures for the week were 324 in the United
States, again 274 last year, and 37 In Canada,
against 25 last year.
Wool has ceased to decline and sales at the 1
three chief Eastern markets increased slightly
to 3.3CS.70O, against 3,121.000 in the week preced
ing. Manufacturers purchase with great cau
tion and domestic fleeces suffer by increased
competition of cheap wool from Australia and
China. Makers of boots and shoes insist on full
prices and as a result shipments from Boston
have declined 5450 cases for the week While the
[hide market at Chicago is unchanged the tone
Is Irrejrular.
Investment o<" Wall-street capital was ru
mored as supporting cotton and wheat, but
the eiTect was not permanent. Cotton ad
vanced temi>orarily, only to react when Liver
pool cables failed to respond. Wheat was agi
tated by reports of a corner in the May option
and for a time exhibited strength. A sharp
reaction followed, holders parting readily with
their contracts. Desnlte the advance of about
10 per cent over the price a year ago Atlantic
exports show an Increase of 3,255.053 bushels,
flour Included, against 2.315.9SS in 1900.
Construction of bridges and buildings, to
gether with contemplated track elevation,
crowds the capacity of all concerns making
structural shapes of iron and steel. Orders
for locomotives, cars, rail and all forms of
railway equipments- are also abundant, and
there Is no tlgn of reaction in the industry.
Plate and sheet mills have large business and
merchant steel Is in brisk demand. Competi
tion Is keen, however, and Increased operations
fail to affect prices. New schedules are prom
ised In the near future and lower freight rates
are anticipated. Stocks decreased slightly in
December, but there is fear of accumulation
and quotations at Plttsburg and Philadelphia
have declined during the past week.
Only In the textiles is special hesitation
Bhown. Staple products are firm, iron and
steel prices are h<?ld without trouble, boots and
shoes and wool are steady and all with fair
demands, so that manfacturers are busy. In
textiles, however, the improvement which
seemed to be promised with the new year is
still delayed and In cotton goods stocks are
growing In some quarters, though still not op
pressively heavy anywhere. Throughout the
country distribution of merchandise continues
on a good scale and collections are unusually
prominent.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— R. G. Dun & Co.'»
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Money on. call,
steady. Sff3>4 per cent: last loan. 3. Prime
mercantile paper. <%iff5 per cent. Sterling ex-
New York Money Market.
American shares were torpid. They opened
well under parity and there was a definite dis
position to sell here, but there was a sharp
rally after New York opened. New York
sent over buying orders In Union Pacific and
Norfolk and Westerns. After this department
gagged, rallied again and was quite strong.
Th* street In London regards the boom In
Americans as over and the latest news from
Hill is taken as evidence that the Morgan
people are out.
Money wan a little tight and the bank Is
etill borrowing to stiffen rates.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertlser** London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Idle to-day partly be
cause of the settlement which. In the begin
ning was heavy because contangoes In the
mining department were EO^stlff. but this was
not eo much because of the money rates as
because of the West Australian disaster.
London Market.
B7.300 Norfolk & Western 43%
ICO Norfolk & Western prefd 83
70,5(0 Northern Pacific 84^4
8.200 Northern Pacific prefd 87^
1C5.600 Ontario & Western 34»i
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
19,600 Pennsylvania \ 130%
21.200 Reading 34
23.500 Reading 1st prefd 73»,i
S.200 Reading 2d prefd 44%
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 32
2.2C0 St Louis & San Fran 24
2C® St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 80
1.2uO Bt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 56H
4.9jO St Louis Southwestern 2V*
11,500 St Louis Southwestern prefd 49T.
ES.SOO St Paul i54v?
400 St Paul prefd 130
200 St Paul & Omaha 133
21.700 Southern Pacific t2'i
8,500 Southern Railway 2iii
4.200 Southern Railway prefd 724.
14.SO0 Texas & Pacific 2s2
l>',900 Vnlon Pacific 85U
41.U00 Union Pacific prefd 84%
3,200 Wabash v»i?
£.200 Wabash prefd 27U
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie '..'.'.'.'.'. 12',
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2a
Wisconsin Central 15
10O Third Avenue 102
3.30U Baltimore & Ohio prefd 86*1
8ft) National Tube ss'
4.200 National Tube prefd S3V4
Express Companies—
Adams 143
American 175
United States 58
Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
000 American Cotton Oil 30
American Cotton Oil prefd S9
American Malting 4%
Arr.priean Malting prefd 2fl
17.900 American Smelting & Refining.... 594
3.2U0 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 97^4
American Spirits 2V4
American Spirit? prefd 17
COO Arr.erlcan Steel Hoop J9
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 7(5
2,100 American Steel & Wire 42*;
ZV) American Steel & Wire prefd S7H
2.500 American Tin Plate 531,
200 American Tin Plate prefd 90Vi
16,300 American .Tobacco 114^4
American Tobacco prefd !l39
1.201 Anaconda Mining Co 47
12.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S4U
1.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 52^4
18.400 Continental Tobacco 43*,
COO Continental Tobacco prefd 93
8,100 Federal Steel 51TJ
D.«) Federal Steel prefd 75s,
SOQ General Electric ISO'
200 Glucose Sugar 43
Glucose Sugar prefd 85
300 International Paper 23
1,200 International Paper prefd 72V4
Laclede Gas 70
500 National Biscuit 43
100 National Biscuit prefd 92
1.800 National Lead 1714
1.000 National Lead prefd S7»4
2.700 National Steel 40<i
200 National Steel prefd Sli^
New York Air Brake 154
1 8.S03 North American m;
Pacific Coast CO^
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 92
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
100 Pacific Mall 4!)
B.600 People's Gas !!!'.".1O4
3.200 Pressed Steel Car .V ; 431:
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 78'
100 Pullman Palace Car 199
700 Standard Rope & Twine 44
30.600 Sugar 1351;
200 Sugar prefd n*
9.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron r.6%
1.2X> TTnited States Leather 13
400 United States Leather prefd 75«
6,100 United States Rubber 21'
2.900 United States Rubber prefd 61U
15.900 Western Union ktu
13,250 Amalgamated Copper SIH
1.300 Republic Iron & Steel tfu
100 Republic Iron & Steel preM 61 '
u^;;. P c c & st l „ 59%
1.122. 100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 2s ref reg....lO5«i|N* Y Cent lsts 10654
Do coup 105^4 N J Cent gen Bs..l2SVi
Do 3s re* 1O9V4 Nor Pac 2s 70H
Do 3s coup 110 I Do 4s VH\
Do new 4s rrg..l374;N Y C & S L 4S.10S4
Do new 4s coup.l37H'Nor & W con 4s.. M%
Do old 4s reg 114 Or Nav lsts 105
Do old 4s coup ..114 Do 4s 103*i
Do 5s reg 112 O S Line 6s 129>i
Do Ds coup 112 Do con 5s ....."... II6W1
Dis of Col 3.65s. ..125 Reading Gen 4s... 94%
Atch gen 4s 10214 K G W lsts 99'i
Do adjt 4s S9 jS L & I M con £s.H4«4
Panada So Ms ...109?i,S L & B F Gen 6s.l2S
Ches & O 4%s 104Vi,Et Paul con 1S6
Do Es 120 Bt P C & P lsts. ..118
C & N con 7s 133«4 Do Ss 120
Do S F deb S8..123 So Pac 4s 84
Chicajro Term 4s.. 92^4 So Ry 5s 112Vi
Colo So 4s ........ 85 Standard R & T 6s 71
D4RQ 4s 109H Tex & Pac lsts ,115!i
Erie Gen 4s 84% Do 2ds 95
Ft W & D C lets. 81 Union Pac 4s ....'..lOfi
Gen Electric 5s 15S Wabash lsU IIS14
Iowa Cent lst« ..115H Do 2ds 109H
L & N Unl 4s lOOVi West Shore 4s ....114H
M K & T 2ds 77V4 WIs Cent lsta E5«i i
Do 4s 98 JVa Centuries 9C$»
MINING STOCKS.
Adam* Con 2<V Little Chief 16
Alice 45iOntario 6 00
Breece 2 00 Ophlr .A 80
Brunswick Con 25 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Potosi 12
Con Cal & Va 1 90 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra.... W Sierra. Nevada.... ?5
Horn Silver 1 10 i Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver 69 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con 08
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 85T4
Call loans 4#4H Union Land 2
Time loans 4S44 West End 92«
Stocks— Westlngbse Elec... 65
Atch T tc Eta I>.. 4SH Bonds-
Do prefd S6H Atchieon 4s 101%
American Sugar.. .138»4 N E Gas & C Es... 68
Do prefd 118 Mining Shares—
Amer Telephone.. .161% Adventure 10
Boston & Albany. .253 Bircharn Min Co.. 15%
Boeton Elevated... 159 Amalg Copper 91
Boston 4c Maine. ..195 Atlantic 2714
Chi B & Q 144T4 Boston & Mont.. ..317
Dominion Coal 37K Butte & Boston... 80
Do prefd 108 Calumet & Hecla..835
Federal Steel E4T4 Centennial 23%
Do prefd 75 Franklin 17
Fitchburg prefd. ..129 HumboJdt 60
Gen Electric 191% Osceola E2
Do prefd 158 Parrot 49
Ed Elec 111 225 Quincy ..179
Mexican Central... 15 Sta Fe Copper 6%
N E Gas & Coke... 13 Tamarack 335
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 83ty
Old Dominion 31H winona CM,
Rubber 20% Wolverines 4SV4
NEW YORK. Jan. ll.-The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all ; the principal cities for the week
ended January 10. with the percentage of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the
corresponding week last year:
r " Percentage.
v.~ v i , ' Amount. Inc. Dec
New York $l.S37,907,748 £6.5
"Pf ton 160,172.335 11.3
SvImJ 0 , "w 151.S25.273 4.6
Philadelphia 115.726,920 28.5 ¦ ....
=*• L ° uIs 4O.ir.5,927' 14.8 ....
Plttsburg 2C.026.698 28.5 ....
ualtlmore 25,765.093 19.0 ....
San Francisco 21.727.890 16.7
Cincinnati -.,.. 20.581,200 17.8 ....
Kansas C(ty 17.154.103 28.5 ....
New Orleans 13.192.161 17.4
Minneapolis 11.200.873 5.2
i* tro , lt 10.426.935 22.3
Cleveland 14.398.S01 22.9
Louisville 9.2S7.222 .... 2.5
P < r ° Vlt3enCe 6.976.500
Milwaukee f..7r.3.914 .... 2.3
St Paul 6.123.679
J? ufr t'° 6.63S.650 13.6
J'njaha ' 7.031,710 9.9 ....
Indianapolis 8.7S3.358 24.8 ....
Columbus. Ohio 6.056.S00 12.6 ....
Savannah 4 929 447* IS 8
i£ en L er . 4;516>S ...'. U.S
Hartford 3.227.804 .... 11.3
[Richmond .; 4,730.ns5 26 6
Memphis 4.537.771 20.2
Washington. 3,368,783 8 2 ., .
Peoria 2.60S.4C2 14.2 ....
Rochester 2.802.S90 27 4
New H.aven l!s44i472 Yo '.'.'.'.
\\orcester 3.30C.413 1.2
Atlanta 1,627.909 22 9
Salt Lake City 3.SS2.478 84.3
Springfield. Mass 1.504.802
Fort Worth 3.501.800 30.1
Portland, Me 1.518.738 7.1
Portland, Or 2.812,692 36.1
St. Joseph <!c3S,256 "i'c
Los Angeles 2.930.234 19 5
Norfolk l.es.-..sr-6 1.1
.Syracuse 1.E79.089 1.8
Des Moines 2,264,246 36 6
Nashville 1.S41.633 5.0
\Ulmlngton, Del 1,002,803 22.6
Fall River 1.071.658 11.7
Scranton 1.647.156 35.8
Grand Rapids 1,671,661 1.2
Augusta. Ga 1,496.587 26.2
Lowell 641. CCO .... 2.2
Dayton. Ohio 1.3T0.P66 E.S
Seattle 2.104,391 C.8 ¦ i
Tacoma l.:%-.7t'8 4.4
Spokane 1.083,345 .... 17 2
Sioux City 1,268.137 16.6
New Bedford ST4.S79 20 8 . :
Knoxville. Tenn 747.674 15.1
Topeka ' 1,132,869 90.2
Birmingham 1.136.7S3 2S.7
Wichita 4.17,?*) 8.0 .'.'.'.
Binphamton SCT.700 6.6
Lexington. Ky 763,956 66 0
Jacksonville, Fla 233,532
Kalamazoo 550.401 6 8 . " ''
Akron 679,000 51.9 . ;
Chattanooga 722.31S 18.1
Rockrord. Ill 2S6.133 .... 2.3'
Canton, Ohio 297,000 ... 14 6
Springfield, Ohio 264M20 24 2
Fargo, N. D 45S.791 .... a'.s
Sioux Falls, S. D 215.569 21.4
Fremont, Xebr 143.7(15 6 7
Davenport 1,292,421 23.4
Toledo 2,515,671 10.1
Galveston 8.740.000 14.0 . '
Houston 10,030.307 25.3
Evansvllle 907.706 l's
Macon 797,000 .... 2 3
Little Rock 774,846 .... 35.0
Helena 4S2.149 .... 10.9
Springfield. Ill B12.192 4.1
Toungston-n, Ohio 375,732 2.4
Colorado Springs 891,773
Totals. U. S $2,643,794,405 4U4 ;
Totals outside N. Y.. 78o.8S6.639 13 9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J19.149.171 14.1
Toronto 16.642.C22 46.3
Winnipeg 2. 489.398 .... 3.8
Halifax v'. 1.959,935 5.3
Hamilton 9S6.SS9 5.1
St. John, N. B 834,034 23 7
Vancouver 933.462 1C.8
Totals $43.^93,711 21.8 .:.. I
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY XL
Flour, qr sks 13.857! Hay. tons ISO
Wheat, otls 1.830 Wine, gals 17.900
Barley, ctls 70.7SO, Leather, rolls.... «4»
Oats, ctls 430, Hides, Xo 105
Beans, sks 689 Pelts, bdls 80
Potatoes, sks MTojLlme. bbls 1M
Onions, sks 887 1 Broomcorn. bis... 120
Bran, sks 827 ' Buckwheat, sks.. 407
Middlings. »3ts... 2701
Receipts of Produce.
LAMB— lOUfllc per lb; spring. 1244ff!5c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%e for small and 5%c for
medium and 6H'S5 ! Sc for large; stock Hogs «q4
feeders. 6V4c; dressed Hogs. 7};©S%c
BEEF— 7©So for Steers and 637c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8®9c: «mall. »©10o p«r 1*^
MUTTON— Wethers. »%©10c; Ewes, 9©3%»
per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Crushed. «.2Sc: Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.83c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C,
5.25c: Golden C, 5.13c; barrels. 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.73c per lb.
at an advance of about I shillings over last
year, has been contracted for into July next,
which signifies that they are not •oltdtous for
the California trade, as long as the West Cttfeat
and Valparaiso are euch eager buyers."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
fully 25 per cent below coal: this Is beln«
largely availed of by large and small factories.
aa a power producer, as the expense account
Is lessened thereby. English and Colonial
products are temporarily shut out of this mar
ket: their delivery coet cannot be paid by con
sumers. The entire output of Australian coal.
consumption of coal must be seriously dimin
ishing, aa the yards are all overladen, and
arrivals are fully equal I to all immediate re
quirements, hence stock* on hand are not les
sened. Jobbers are complaining about the vol
ume of business In all lines. Even In household
grades, which at this season should be exceed
ingly active, the sales are light. This may l>«
partially attributed to the increased introduc
tion of gas stoves, which always happens when
domestic fuel la high. Coal quotations for
steora purposes are low enough, lower than
la« year, and contracts are now being mads
at shaded prices for future delivery. This is
mainly caused by the Influx of fuel oil. which
is being freely offered delivered here, at price*
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
3s ll?«d: do old, 4s Id. Futures — Quiet: Jan
uary. 3s lid; March, 3s 10Hd; May. 3s 9Hd.
WHEAT— Spot, strong: No. 2 California, 6s
Bd; No. 2 red Western winter. 6s 2\«d; No. 1
Northern. 6s 44d. Futures— Dull; March, 6s
2»4d; May, 6s 2%d.
HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, steady. £2
os&£3 5s.
FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
8s 6d.
i LIVERPOOL. Jan. 11.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 5d@6s 5Hd; Wheat in
Paris, steady; Flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON-Uplanda. 5 9-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 11.— Consols. 97 3-16®97%; Sil
ver. 29^4d; French rentes, 102f 5c; wheat car
goes on passage, quieter, hardly any demand;
No. 1 Standard California. 30s $\%&; English
country markets, firm.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 11. '— "WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 55'4(?56c.
Cleared— Bark Cassard, for Bristol, with 107.
693 bushels of wheat: ship Tarpenbeck. for
Queenstown, with. 107.666 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 11.— WHEAT— Prices lc lower;
Blue Stem. 5Sc; Club. 57c.
Foreign Markets.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 11.— Clearings. $481,502; bal
ances. $94,457.
SHEEP— Receipts, EOQO; firm. Good to choice
wethers. $3 S0@4 85; fair to choice mixed, $3 50
&3 85; Western sheep, ?3 SagH 75; Texas sheep,
$2 5003 65; native lambs. $4 25@5 60; Texas
lambs, $4 2i>@'5 60; Western lambs, $53>5 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 29,000; to-morrow,
20.0C-0; left over, 5000; active at yesterday's
close. Top. Jo 42V4: mixed and butchers', $5 10
©5 42%; good to choice heavy, $5 15@5 40; rough
heavy, $5 O5.f?5 10; light. $5 10®5 35; bulk of
sales, $5 25@-5 30.
CHICAGO. Jan. 1L— CATTLE— Receipts. 2500:
steers, strong to 10c higher; butchers' stock
slow. Good to prime steers, $5 35®6 10; poor
to medium, $3 60@5 25: stockers and feeders,
»2 75<g* 40;_»ows. $2 65®4 15; heifers. $2 75@4 40:
earners', J2@2 80; bulls. $2 75@1 30; calves, $4
ig-6 So; Texas fed steers, $4 10@4 90; Texas grass
steers. $3 35@4; Texas bulls. $2 6035 60.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Cotton closed nom
inally steady. CQ9 points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— General conditions in
the local metal market continue In their nar
row rut. with sentiment on the whole of a
bearish average. Tin was 25 points lower again
as the result of a lack of buying orders and
ruled extremely dull all day and closed weak,
with sellers on the basis of $26 25 for spot tin.
At London, however, a rise of £1 was noted, to
£119 10s, presumably due to a speculative move
ment. At Philadelphia Iron was somewhat
lower and weak, following advices from Eng
land to the effect that iron at Glasgow was
again lower to 65s Id, and Mlddlesboro 4Ss.
Locally, however, business was dull, with prices
unchanged at $3 60@10 50. for piglron warrants;
Northern foundry, $16@16 50.
Lead was dull and easier. In sympathy with
the weakness abroad, closing at $4 37V4 here.
Spelter was inactive, both here and at London,
at $4 10@4 15.
A quiet and uninteresting market prevailed
for copper here, ' despite weak advices from
abroad, where prices closed at £71 17s 6d for
spot. Nominally Lake Superior copper .was
quoted at $17; casting, $16 62%.
New York Metal Market.
PARIS.
Wheat— . Jan. Mar.-Jun
Opening 19 40 20 65
Closing 19 35 20 60
Flour-
Opening 24 95 28 25
Closing 25 00 26 20
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening... 6 2% 6 2H
Closing :.. 6 214 6 2ft
Silver lower. Exchange as before.
Oil stocks still very lively. Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Il'fJicat dull and unchanged. Barley slowly weakening.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Nothing iiezL 1 in Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Beans and Seeds as prez'iously quoted.
Potatoes firm, Onions higher and Vegetables very strong. ¦
Cheese lozver. Butter and Eggs weak, but unchanged.
Poultry uraker. Game in light receipt and higher again.
Oranges, Lemons, Bananas and Pineapples plentiful and dull.
Project to work off small Prunes to distillers at very low prices.
Clear Perk in barrels selling below cost of production.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market firm at previous prices.
Coal weakening under increasing supplies.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
W ASHINGTON. Jan. ll.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in th-» general fund,
exclusive of the J150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $137,501,462; gold. $83 512 339
Condition of the Treasury. «
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
mi" f 4 8 ™. for demaad and at HJ&fi
?L S3 \ Ior slK 'y days. Posted rates. $4 84@
4 88 Commercial bills. $1 82tt@4 83. Silver
certificates. 64U@C5Hc. Bar silver, steady.
63Hc. Mexican dollars. 49Kc. Government
bonds, Bteady; State bonds. Inactive; railroad
bonds, firm.
BAGS— Ean Quentin Bags. $5 «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, «Hc; Wool Bags.
2SV4@32Hc; Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Somhfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. *7; Bryant, »7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel $10 y-r ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$18 'in sacks: Rocky Muontaln descriptions. $S 45
per 2000 lbs and $3 60 per ton. according to
brand. .'!_¦
Harrison's circular says: "Durln* th» week
there have been five arrivals of coal from
Washington, 15,700 tons; one from Oregon, €20
tons; one from British Columbia, 8450 tons;
one from Philadelphia, 2015 tons: one from
Australia, 42S3 tons; total. 28,063 ton*. The
General Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9V4c; medium. 9c: light, 8©Si4c: Cow Hides
8ttc for heavy and 8©8Hc for light; Stags 63
6Vic; Baited Kip. Oc; Salted Veal, Jc* Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. l5Hc; culls mic- Drv
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 15® 16c; culls «£ braid?
lie; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20tJ30c each- short
Wool. 20&55O each: medium. 60®75c: 1 on tc Wool
75c«»l each; Horse Hides, salt. « 5002 75 for
lar f 8 c£. n( i * 2 ® 2 , 23 for medium. $i®i 25 for small
and 50o for colts; Horse Hides, dry II 75 for
large. $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 60c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins 33c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c:
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 85c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. X
3<in<io; grease, 2@2%c
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15®16c: Northern, defective. U9
14o; Middle County, free. 15<gl6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 124? 14c; Southern Mountain. 1J
months', 9010c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll®12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. y©ilo; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
O17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln, 6m??c: da lambs. 89
9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain.
free. 10©llc: Southern Mountain. 7H©8Ho;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 11&12C per lb.
HOPS— 12®16o per lb.
Previous quotations rule, with Inactive mar
kets. • v.: ¦¦
COTTOLENE— One half- barrel. 8Uc thrt*
half -barrels, -8c; one tierce. 7%c; two'tlerce*:
7%c: five tlercea. 7Hc per lb. "«rce«.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H963&C per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, our*
9ttc: 10-lb tins. 9\c; 5-lb tins. Sftc '
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 11©11Hc per lb for
heavy. Htt@12c for light medium. 12HG13o for
light. 13V4©14c for extra light and 15©15U O for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar -cured Hams, 11U®
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mesa. Itt-
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. 115015 50-extra
clear. $13 50; Mess. $17; smoked Beef. Uo pep
pound.
There Is nothing new except that extra clear
Pork in barrels is selling below cost of pro
duction, owing to competition. The market la
quiet all around.
Provisions.
HONEY— £omb. 13H®14«ie for hrirht and 12*4
(fJ13o for light amber: water white extracted,
74i6Sc; light amber extracted, 6ViQ7c; dark
6&6HC per lb.
BEES\VAX-24326c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9o per lb for Italian:
Walnuts, No. 1 sottshell. He: Xo. J. 8c: No. 1
hard.«hell. 10c; No. 2. 7Hc: Almonds, 12913c for
papershell, 9@llc for soft shell; Peanuts, a©6o
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c: Pe
cans. inrai3c: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
Beason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, S^ic; primp, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. lOVic per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard. i\c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6V»c: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers.
2-crown. Jl SO per box: 3-crown. Jl CO; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa. J2 50: Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
FKL'ITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c-
S<MOs. 7c; 40-SOs. 6Uc; 50-60s, 4^e; 60-70s Z\c
70-SOs, 3»;c; SO-SOs. 2?ic: 90-lCCs. 2Uc; 100-120s'
lHc; rubles. Kc premium: Sonoma.*. He and
San Joaqulns less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Aprl
tcts. 6@Sc for Royals and 10<3tlOHc for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 5©6c; sun-dried
3Mi@4'-ic; Peaches. 4©5c for standard. 5@6c for
choice and 6Vg7c for fancy: Pears. £®7c;
Flums, pitted, r.t6\jc; unpltted. I1il'- i c; Xec
tarines, o@5*4c for red and 5%Q6c for white
It Is now reported that the association Is
considering the advisability of working; ofT
the extreme small sizes of Prunes — say those
from 120 to ISO— at a nominal price of flO per
ton to distillers. It seems as If the bottom
ought to be reached some time on these goods.
At present there is no demand whatever.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. tl©2:
Beedllngs. 50cf?$l 25: Tangerines, nominal: Man
darins. &5c$rSl: Lemons. 23cQll 25 for common
and $l 50®2 M for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
50c@$l 50: Mexican Limes, $4 50®5; California
Limes. 25@35c; Bananas. 50c@$l 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, 73c S $2 per dozen. *
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. J12: Wisconsin*.
$13 60; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, |2 50
Q2 75 per box.
iOcSJl per box.
APPLES — 30<g60c per box for common and 75c
©II 50 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 11 25®
1 75; Oregon SpiUenbergs, H 25©1 50; Lady Ap
r.Ies, fl@l50 per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Bananas continue to glut the market. Pine
apples are also lower. There la nothing new
in Apples and Pears.
Oranges and Lemons continue In large sup
ply, weak and dull.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned aa
follows: Fancy Navels, Jl 70®2 25; choice do,
tl 2C<21 60; standard, $1 OGigl 40; Lemons, Jl 23
<gl 40.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, 22Hc; standard. ; second*.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 12c: choice,
lO'.-ic; common, nominal; Young Americas
12Ho; Eastern, full cream. lS©16%c per lb.
LGGS-
Callfornla ranch— Selected white, 23c; mixed
colors, 26c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 25c; standard,
24c: seconds, 23c.
Fresh Eastern — Fancy. ; standard, — ;
seconds, .
Keg— 19c per lb.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 30,400 lbs Butter, S45 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs. 10.030 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 23c; firsts. 20c; seconds,
ISc.
Dairy— Extras. ISc; firsts, 17c; seconds, 15c;
store, 13c.
Storage— Creamery extras. 20c; firsts, 18c;
seconds, ; dairy extras. .
Pickle— ISc per lb.
There was no further decline In Butter, but
the market was depressed under heavy stocks.
Cheese declined again and was quoted weak.
Receipts sre Increasing.
Eggs are no lower, but the market Is weak,
and there Is no scarcity.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. Jl CO-SI 75 for Valley and $2 23
for Mountain; Mallard. $4 £6: Canvasback. 14
65: Sprig, $3; Teal. $2 60: Widgeon. $2^2 W:
Small Duck. $1 25@1 CO; Black Jack. U SO;
Gray Geere. $3@3 50; White Geese, H31 60;
Brant, f 1 60-fr2 for email and, |2®2 50 for large;
Honkers. *3©4 50; English Snipe. $1 50®2: Jack
Snipe, $1 25®1 SO; Hare. SI 2591 SO: Rabbits.
SI 50 for Cottontail and Jl for Brush; Doves,
75c rer dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10®12V4o for Gob
blers and 12®13c for Hens: Dressed Turkey*.
14816c; Geese, per pair. 11 75@2; Goslings, $1 73
©2; Ducks, Wai for old and S5&6 for young;
Hens. (4 B0<&«; Young Roosters, f5 KXQ9; Old
Roosters. J48>4 60; Fryers. *5 60©6; Broilers.
$4 oOige for large and $3 5034 for small; Pigeons,
Jlfil 23 per dozen for old and $1 50#2 25 for
Squabs.
Arrivals of Game continued moderate, being
85 ska, and prices were considerably higher as
a rule.
Poultry was generally weaker under larger
receipts and lessened demand. Receipts ol
Dressed Turkeys were 72 cases, the largest for
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6®10c per lb;
String Beans, 10#17Hc; Cabbage. 90c; Toma
toes, Los Angeles. |1@2 50 per crate; Egg Plant,
Los Angeles, 121515c per 1b; Green Peppers.
Los Angeles/ 6® 8c per lb for Chile and 12Hc
for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@llc; Dried Okra, 10
@15c per lb; Carrots. 25@3oc per box; Hothous«
Cucumbers, {1 50 per dozen; Summer Squash.
$1 75@2 per box; Garlic, 4c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash. $12Q20 per ton; Mushrooms, 10®SOc per
pound.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65@75c: River Reds.
90c©*l; Burbanks, 3S<g50c for River and 83c®
Jl 13 per ctl for Salinas' and 75c@$t for Oregon;
Sweets, 40@o0c for Rivers and aocQJl for Mer
ced.
ONIONS- U 83, 15 per ctl; Cut Onions. $1®
1 25. per ctl.
Onions are doing better again. Potatoes are
firm aa a rule, but quotations show little
change. Arrivals of Sweets are much lighter
than they have been.
Southern Vegetables continue to bring high
prices.
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 WQ*\ Canary.
3V4@S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%e9tfc; Rape.
2©2%c; Hemp, «%®3%c; Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $232 SO; Green. *3 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
choice malting barley. 68®61c: No. 1 flaxseed.
Jl 65: No. 1 Northwestern, Jl 67; prime timothy
seed, {4 75; mess pork, per bbl, $14@14 10; lard.
r*r 100 lbs. $7 35: short ribs sides (loose). »6 90®
7 20: dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6V4®6KO;
Fhort clear sides (boxed), »7 30@7 40; whisky,
basis of high wines. $1 27; clover, contract
grade. $10 75. '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26.000 40.000
Wheat, bushels 93.000 13.000
Corn, bushel 349.000 172.000
Oats, bushels 337.000 270.000
Rye. bushels :..... 11.000 4.000
Barley, bushels 79.000 19.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery. 14@22c; dairy, 12@
:0c. Cheese, dull; 10%@ll%c. Eggs, dull; fresh,
13c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
STMi
PEARS
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Bradstreefs on Trade.
¦wool sales is noted at Eastern markets, . but
weather conditions have not been favorable at
the East to business as a whole, except as
stimulating the retail trade In shoes and rub
ber roods. A special feature is the generally
good tenor of reports as to collections from all
Western and Southern points, from which it is
Inferred that trade relations to retailers must
hava been quite good. Summed up briefly the
situation 1b one of widespread confidence in
the general business outlook.
Cereals have given a further exhibition of
life thlB week, partly en light Northwestern
receipts and advices' that Argentine receipts
will not exceed 35,000.000 bushels, or about half
those of a year ago, but largely on the un
questionably heavier volume 6t "Wall street
money seeking an outlet In the grain market.
Fluctuations have been wider and It has been
essentially a traders' murket with net changes
for the week small. Corn is slightly higher in
sympathy with wheat and small receipts of
contract.
• Inquiry rather than active demand is a lead-
Ing feature In Iron and steel, but quite an
increase of activity is noted In Bessemer pig
Iron and billets at PHtsburg and In plates at
Chicago. No change i.i billets or plates has
been agreed on as yet. Iron production is in
creasing, but has not yrt overtaken consump
tion and stocks are reported smaller than a
month ago. There are only two Idle furnaces
now in the Chicago district.
Cotton has weakened on discouraged bull
liquidation due to largsr receipts, while cotton
goods have been quiet on the advices of a
backward spring trade in the East. Wool has
been in rather better demand than of late,
due to better buying by manufacturers. A
better business has been booked in overcoating
on next fall account ct lower prices, but the
regular heavyweight seaeon has not yet opened.
Plain dressgoods are being ordered quite freely,
but the fancies are neglected. Jobbing busi
ness In shoes Is quieter, but Is quite good, at
retail. Travelers are now going out with fall
styles of chocs, which will sell slightly lower
than last year.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 0,061,003 bushels, against 3,904,
301 bushels last week, 4,248.928 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1300, 5,647,071 bushel* in
1X99. 5.299,517 bushels in 1S9S and 3.940,154 bushels
in 1S97. From July 1 to date this season wheat
exports are 104.026, 851 bushels, against 110.552,-
S01 bushels last season and 134,026,048 bushels
in 1998-9.
Business failures in the United States for the
week number 322. against 268 last week, 295
In ltfOO, 304 in 1899, 322 in 1838-and 478 In 1897.
Canadian failures for the week number 36,
against 23 last week, 23 In this week a year
ago, 34 in 1899, £8 in 1893 and 69 in 1897.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
fe £* fe
OF ALL THE
THOHOUOHBREaS
In training belonging to Messrs. W. K. LA«-
ZALERE. P. KYAN and PHIL ARCHI-
BALD.
Consisting of such well-known ones •¦-
JINGLE JINGLE. ANDRATTUS. PL 0 **?*
SILVERTO.VE. CYRIL. SCALLYWAG. TOL-
LYTOT. THE FIDDLER. FINCH. ST. A>
TIIONY. THE GAFFIR. SYNIA. ILLtSION.
WERTHEIM. TRENTGOLD. DISCOS ERJ.
ORANASIA and several two-years-olds DT
Take Notice. General Miles. Dare. etc.
Horses are all In training and ready to rac«
now. '
Sale will tak* DJ*-— «t the Owklanrt Racetrjr*
THIS DAY (SATURDAY). January 13.
commencing at 12 o'clock noon.
Catalogue* now ready.
WILLIAM «. LATXO. Auctioneer.LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Brcuno-Qulcin* Tablets. •
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 11.— The second
trial of Jessie Morrison for the murder of
Mrs. Olin Castle will be held at the
March ' term In El Dorado. The District
Judge has ¦ formally, assigned the case to
a place on the docket. Miss Morrison has
given up her proposed trip to the East.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The Senate
Committee on Judiciary to-day authorized
a favorable report upon Senator Hoar's
bill for the punishment of train 'robbery.
The bill provides a penalty of twenty
years' Imprisonment and a fine of $5000,
or both, for the offense. ,, ;; ¦ •'--
Miss Morrison's Second Trial.
Favors Hoar's Bill.
"WOODLAND, Jan. 11.— As a result of a
disagreement between the City Trustees
and City Attorney Anderson, city finances
are involved In a hopeless tangle. Last
year both the County and City Assessors
listed a lot of wheat receipts in the pos
session of the Bank of Woodland on the
assumption that they are solvent credits.
The bank disputed the validity of the as
sessment. The District Attorney advised
the County Assessor that it was best to
assess the receipts and allow the courts
to pass on the validity of the assessment.
The bank paid the county and State tax
under protest. The City Attorney advised
the city board that the assessment was
illegal and the City Treasurer accepted
the bank's taxes on real estate, allowing
the tax on personal property to become
delinquent. As a result the city will bo
plaintiff in any proceedings that may be
taken In the courts. .'. Matters were still
further complicated to-day when the
Trustees served a demand upon the City
Treasurer requiring ; him to enforce the
collection of the tax. If he refuse to do
eo he will be served with a writ of manda
mus. ,
"Woodland Finances in a Tang-le.
Krlously GJsapppar«»d wnlle visiting the
yr-;ir.Ti-!=tone National Park last August.
Tho petition of John W. Piper, a brother,
for letter* of administration, which was
:ilfi h«-re on December 31. Is to be con
tost«-d by Public Administrator Boland of
Far. Krancis^o. who filed an answer and
DpnotUton to the petition this afternoon.
Thf- fPtate is worth about J75.000. Of this
\\y,Mi is ca-vn and a huslmss block In San
KranclF«-o Is worth J.w,000. The heirs are
Lillian Piper, the widow, and a child, now
in Ohio.
Boland contends that Leroy Piper was
a resident of Ohio, had no property In this
rounty and that his brother is not a resl
rtect of this State. Boland filed a petition
In San Francisco on December 15. He
rlaims he Is a rightful administrator un
rlT the law, ana wants Piper's petition
dismissed.
m
Oil Strike Near Colfax
SEATTLE. Jan. 11.— Coal oil— crufie pet
•oleum that burns tor hours in its natu
ral stat#» and given forth a bright light
md fierce heat— has been discovered with
in seven miles of Colfax. and there i&
excitement there In consequence.
'J he discovery was made on the farm of
Jamps H. HcCroskry yesterday and Me
t'roKkcy was in Colfax to-day trying to
make arrangements to have the find de
vrlopod. The oil bolls ud out of the
pround about ten feet from a spring.
Public Administrator Boland cf San
Francisco Institutes Legal
Fight.
SAN JOPE, Jan. 11.— A contest has com
menced over the administration of the
••¦prat* of L^roy Piper, deeeaeed, who mys->
CONTEST OVEB, MISSIN'O
LEEOY PIPER'S ESTATE
SHOPS COMING TO
POINT RICHMOND
Work of Transferring the
< Materials Is Already
Under Way.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 11.
The shops, roundhouses and division
headquarters of the Santa Fe Railroad
are being removed from Stockton, where
they have been located since the building
of the "Valley road. The shops and round
houses will be established at Point Rich
mond and the division headquarters at
Le Grande, a station midway between
Point Richmond and Bakersfleld.
The first trainload of .material from the
abandoned terminus at Stockton arrived
at Point Richmond to-day. As fast ait
It arrives It will be erected as quickly a«
the several hundred men collected at tho
point can handle it The roundhouses
will be moved in sections.
Employes numbering about 250 -will be
affected by the chance. Many have
already established their families In the
new town of Richmond, which means a
substantial increase to business enter
prises. A number of cottages have been
put up to accommodate the newcomers.
The new division headauarters at Le>
Grande will be made the terminus for the
run In either direction between the two
points. Roundhouses and the necessary
repair shops will also be built there and
the station, it Is expected, win soon be
come a village.
STILL MISSING
IS THE ANDRADA
Belief Is Bee: ming General
That the Ship Has
Gone Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Jan. 11.— The British ship
Andrada has now been missing about a
month and hope for the vessel has been
abandoned by many persons interested in
shipping. The Andrada is a ship of 2390
tons and reached the Columbia Just be
fore the gales which recently swept the
coast. Pilot Cordlner of this port was
taken aboard, but he never made port.
A great storm came up and the Andrada
disappeared.
The disappearance of this fine ship is
Identically the same as that of the Brit
ish bark Cadzow Forest, which appeared
off the Columbia in the fall of 1S95. Pilot
Grassman was taken aboard. The gales
which arose swept the Dark to the north,
and she was never again seen. A life
buoy found on the coast of Vancouver
Island told< the mute story of the gallant
vessel's hopeless struggle with the ele
ments.
There seems little doubt that the An
drada has met a similar fate. The reve
nue cutter Perry has gone out to search
for the missing ship. The belief is gen
eral that the Andrada has turned turtle,
and as she was a steel ship In all proba
bility she sank with all on board.
Cameras and Photographic Suppllw.
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
STARTS TO SWIM FROM
TACOMA TO SWEDEN
Andrew Petersen's Natatorial Effort
Lands Him in a Hospital for
the Insane.
TACOMA, Jan. 11.— Andrew Petersen, a
Gig Harbor farmer, yesterday Jumped into
Puget Sound and announced to his friends
on shore that he Intended -to swim back
to his old home in Sweden. He struck out
heroically toward the open sea and gave
evidence that he meant what he said.
Pet<*rs€n's friends on shore got a boat as
quickly as they could and went after him.
He resented their interference, and it was
some time before he could be induced to
leave the icy water and come into the boat.
On being landed he wanted to start for
Sweden again. ,
To-day Petersen was committed to the
insane asylum at Stellacoom. Petersen had
the hallucination that his neighbors we,re
trying to hang him, and frequently Im
agined that the rope was about his neck.
Several years ago a rock fell upon him
and Injured his spine. This, with other
troubles/dethroned his reason. %: v •
HELL ENTERS THE
SENATORIAL RACE
sets the Plans of Minnesota
Politicians.
President of the Great Northern Up-
ST. PAUL. Jan. 11.— Senatorial candi
dates were considerably disturbed to-day
when petitions began arriving from a
number of legislative districts directing
the members to support the candidacy
of J. J. H'jl. president of the Great
Northern Railroad. This was the first
evidence, that he was in the race.
Mr. Hill has a strong pull in this State,
and as several delegations are breaking
up and dividing their support hef may
gain a following. Though he supported
the Republican administration ana repu
diated Bryan ho has not announced his
conversion to Republicanism. He has a
barrel of money and his advent as a Sen
atorial candidate is viewed with consid
erable satisfaction. ';;;¦
TWO INDICTMENTS BT
FEDERAL GRAND JXTRY
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 1L— It is now
known that the United States Grand Jury
returned Indictments for conspiracy
against at least two persons in connection
with scrippers' cases, which were found
to lie within the jurisdiction of the United
States IMstrlct Court for this district. One
of the persons Indicted is Attorney J. A.
Hanna of Visalla, who was arrested this
morning. The name of the other is still
withheld, as his arrest has not been made.
The Indictments are based upon section
6440 of tho Revised Statutes, which reads
as follows:
If two or more persons consoir* either to
commit an offense aeainst the Lilted Statea
or to defraud • the United States in any man
ner or for any purpose, ruch persona are liable
to & fine of not mere than J10.000 or to Im
prisonment for not more than two years, or to
both fine and Imprisonment, at the discretion
President Improving.
According to the indictment, Attorney
Hanna. in connection with others,
scrlpped a Faction of Government land al
ready occupied as mining land, alleging
in affidavits that the land was agricultural
and not minera* which, according to the
evidence, was untrue, the affidavits being
made for the purpose of obtaining valu
able oil lands by the misrepresentation. .
There have been many similar caaea,
but a large number were found to have
occurred outside the Jurisdiction of tho
Grand Jury for this district and conse
quently no action could be taken upon
them.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— At 5 o'clock
this afternoon it was stated at the White
House that the President continues to
improve and that no fever or other un
favorable conditions have appeared. If
the present rate of Improvement Is con
tinued there is no doubt that he will be
permitted to leave his bed early In the
coming week.
Landslide Uncovers Coal Vein.
SANTA CRUZ.- Jan. 11.— Coal has been
discovered near Ben Lomond. During th«
late storm there was a big landslide on the
Sterling place. It uncovered a vein of
coal from six to eight feet in width.
Strauss Has Recovered.
DENVER. Jan. 11.— Eduard Strmuns,
the noted musical director, has so far re
covered from his recent illness to-night
as to personally direct the opening con
cert by bis orchestra at tfc© Broadway
Theater.
Reefs of Sullivan
Island.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. ll.-The steam
ship City of Topeka was successfully
raised on January 3 from her rocky berth
on Sullivan Island, where she struck early
last month. Captain Foot of the Danube,
which arrived to-day with a hole threo
feet square In her bow, two plates broken
and two fractures as a result of a col
lision with an iceberg, said that he met
the unlucky ship opposite Berners Bay
"The Topeka was in tow of the Flossie,"
said Captain Foot, "while the Rustler was
lashed alongside. The night was perfect
and as light as day, and the little proces
sion seemed to be mnklng good progress."
The Topeka probably will he beached
alongside the Cutch and further repairs
made before It is attempted to take her
to the Sound.
Rescued From Her Position en the
STEAMSHIP CITY OF
TOPEKA IS FLOATED
TWO SEATTLE GIBLS
LEAVE THEIR HOMES
Weary of Parental Restraint and
Strike Out to See the
"World.
SEATTLE, Jan. 11. — Home life undoubt
edly did not have the attractions for
pretty 15-year-old May Norton that it
should, for to-day that young lady is
missing, and a note left behind, addressed
to her mother, simply says:
"You will never see me strain. Maybe
some day I will coine home. By the time
you find this note I will be miles and miles
away. Your unhappy daughter,
"MAY."
Mrs. Norton is unable to advance any
reason why her daughter should run
away. She says the girl had everything
bTiq wished for, and as far as she knew
had no reason to be unhappy.
This afternoon the police received in
formation that Marie Hailstone, an 18
year-old girl. Is missing from her home.
An Investigation resulted In bringing to
light the fact that May Norton and Miss
Hailstone were very friendly, and fur
ther inquiries made by detectives show
that Miss Hailstone several days ago told
a number of her friends that it was her
Intention to leave Seattle soon, and that
they would never hear from her again.
She added that a girl friend, who was
very dear to her, would leave with her.
The police are certain that if the Hail
stone girl can be located the where
abouts of Miss Norton will be discovered.
Information was received at headquar
ters to-night to the effect that the girls
had pone to Portland. Both Miss Xorton
and Miss Hailstone are pretty. Little Is
known about Miss Hailstone.
Mr. Bennett has appued for letters pat
ent. He will explain this lawn saving de
vice at the next meeting of the Unitarian
Club. Mr. Bennett thinks that if the in
vention was tried on crts It would keep
them off the wood3heda and promote the
peace and quiet of the community.
Besides being an Inventor. Mr. Bennett
Is the discoverer of the secret of perpetual
youth. Ponce de Leon did not find what
he was looking for. but Mr. Bennett did.
He drinks olive oil and rubs his Joints
with distilled water.
redatlons of his too industrious chickens,
and he at once applied It. The next morn
ing two of his most prized roosters were
missing.
* Another disappeared the following day.
and Mr. Bennett began to wonder.
The mystery was not explained until he
found all of the colored population of Ala
meda waiting outside of his fence one aft
ernoon, until the muscular exertions of
the birds, aided by his prized invention,
carried them over the fence.
LONDON, Jan. 12.— A rumor has Just
started, said to emanate from well in
formed sources, that Lord Curzon is go-
Ing to resign the Viceroyalty of India
owing to the falling health of Lady Cur
zon, with whom the climate of India is
said not to have agreed. If 'so, it Is
thought that Lord Cadogan will be his
successor, or will at any rate be offered
the position upon the termination of his
reign in Ireland.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— The present ru
mor as to the health of Lady Curzon,
daughter of L. Z. Lelter of Washington,
is the revival of the reports printed sev
eral months ago. It was then denied by
members of Lady Curzon's family in the
United States that there was any founda
tion for the report that her ill health
would necessitate the resignation of the
Viceroy.
Five vears is the term of office for the
Governor General and Viceroy of India.
Lord Cur*on of Kedleston was appointed
in succession to the Earl of Elgin in Sep
tember 1898. and entered on his duties at
the beginning of 1S99. In his recent tour
through the Bombay presidency, where he
was accorded receptions of unusual en
thusiasm, he spoke, with muth hope of
continuing at his post until the natural
expiration of his term of office.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyripht. 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Climatt of India Does Not
Agree With Health of
His Wife.
LORD CURZON
MAY RESIGN
ALAMEDA. Jan. 11.— Sanford Ben
nett, capitalist and member of
the San Francisco firm of Dun
ham. Carrlgan & Hayden, is to
be hailed as one of the greatest
benefactors of mankind. He is the inven
tor of a machine that will keep chickens
from scratching up lawns. 1 For the crea
tion of this boon to his fellow beings Mr.
Bennett deserves to rank with the great
est inventors of the age— with Stevenson,
Morse and Edison.
A large expanse of green lawn stretches
in front of Mr. Bennett's fine home on
Buena Vista avenue. He Is a fancier of
fine breeds of chickens. He likes to have
the stock roam around the grounds, be
cause It looks picturesque: but he finds
that the greenness of the grass has be
come dimmed by the diligence of the poul
try with their feet. *In their quest for
ladybugs and ground worms the chicks
An Oregon boot, with a centrifugal
split second movement, fitted to the limbs
of a fowl, designed to automatically throw
the wearer out of the beaten track every
time it attempts to scratch. The machine
looks like a pneumatic overshoe. It Is
tied about the center of the legs of the
fowl by means of leather straps, being
prevented from sliding up or down by an
extra twist around the spur. Every time
the chicken stoops down, which nature
requires It to do before it commences to
work, it Inadvertently sticks the protrud
ing edge of Mr. Bennett's Invention into
the blue grass. The chick is then up
against it. The more it scratches the fas
ter it pushes Itself off the lawn. Under
forced draught this invention can get up
ten henpower.
Mr. Bennett was quite pleased with his
invention. He saw freedom from the dep
_•¦»» »»»»».»..
have scratched up great blotches of care
fully cultivated landscape gardening. To
prevent absolute destruction Mr. Bennett
schemed. The result was as follows:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 11.—
The university council met this afternoon
and conferred the degree of bachelor of
arts upon the following:
Classical philology— I. Passmore, Miss J.
Yoch, Miss E. Welges.
Latin— W. P. CampbelL Miss C. E. Cole
man, E. R. Flint. Miss E. Rider.
German— Miss K. Birdsall, Miss C. B.
Meyer, Miss B. Schofleld, Miss R. B.
Wigle.
Romanic languages— Miss G. McKee,
Miss M. E. Merritt, Miss J. M. TurcoL
English— L. E. Bassitt. Miss M. L. Cald
well. Miss E. M. Hobson, Miss E. U.
Lynn. Miss J. Mathews, Miss L. Patter
son. Miss M. M. Phelps, Miss E. J. Rusa,
H. D. Walter. • -
Education— K. Robson.
History— Miss C. G. Barnhisel, Miss M.
Conneau, Miss K- Daly, "Miss R. L. Davis,
Miss M. Kidder, Miss F. Patterson, Miss
G. Ramsey, Miss L. Wilson.
Chemistry— Miss J. A.- Moore.
Physiology— L. B. Ferguson, Miss C EL
Hogue. Miss H. P. Vlnyard.
Geology— C. C. Hhoms..
Zoology— R. E. Snod grass.
Mechanical engineering — C. W. Cross. .
Master of arts, Latin— Miss Elizabeth O.
Hill.
Doctor of philosophy— Jefferson Elmore.
a Large Class at Palo
Alto.
DEGREES CONFERRED
ON STANFORD STUDENTS
Gifts From the University Council to
mercial Company Resents
a Slur.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 11.— Th« corre
spondent of the Skaguay News at Daw
son sends to his paper under date of Jan
uary 4 the following:
"Another International complication has
arisen In Dawson, and, like many other
troubles, this arose at a errand dinner xt
postprandial speeches were being made.
The story of the occurrence only became
public to-day.
"On Christmas day, Major Z. C. Wood,
of the NorthweBt Mounted Police, gave a
dinner to the Yukon officials and a few
of his friends. All present were Canadi
ans with the exception of Manager Miz
ner of the Alaska Commercial Company.
There was a 'feast of reason and a flow
of soul.' until It came Sheriff Eilbeck'a
turn to respond to the toast: 'Govern
ment officials.' As the Sheriff warmed to
the occasion he did not overlook tho
American residents of the Yukon, whj
have taken the trouble to say things un
complimentary to the Yukon officials.
" 'It Is to be regretted,' said Sheriff
Ellbock. In his peroration, 'that all of the
American residents of Dawson are of the
''Snapy Smith" kind.'
"Mlzner jumped to his feet In a trice.
" 'Am I to be insulted?' he demanded.
"In the confusion vhich resulted the
Sheriff made a gesture as though to reit
erate his insult, anl Manager Mlzner,
dashing his uplifted glass to the table,
shattered it into fragments as he strode
from the room. The affair has bean tho
talk of the town." *-- ; Vr
SHEBIFF OF DA.WS0N
INSTJI/TS AMERICANS
Manager Mizner of the Alaska Coxn-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 11.— A bill providing for the
rebuilding and equipping of the refectory
building of the Whittier State School wa*
passed by the Assembly this morning.
The measure, known as Assembly bill No.
3, introduced by Broughton of Los Aa-
Provision Made for New
Refectory Building at
Whittier.
PASSED AS AN
URGENCY BILL
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 1L— In the Senate
to-day Senator Sims introduced a consti
tutional amendment making radical
change in the government of the State
normal schools. It is as follows:
All normal schools now established or here
after to be established by the State shall be.
under the control of a State Normal School
j Board, subject t» such regulations as shall
¦ be r rep <"ribed by law. which State Normal
School Board EhaJl consist of the Oo\-«rnor. the
Superintendent of Public Instruction and six
teen members to be appointed by the Governor,
with the consent of the Senate. The term of
Euch appointed members shall be sixteen years;
provided, that the sixteen members first ap
pointed rhall at the first meeting of the board
so classify themselves by lots that two of the
members so appointed shall go out of office at
the end of every successive two years. Va
cancies ehall be filled by appointment by the
Governor for the remainder of the term. Said
normal schools shall be entirely Independent of
all political or sectarian Influence and kept free
therefrom in the appointment of the members
of the said board.
All moneys appropriated for the support of
KB)d normal schools shall be appropriated icen
er&lly for that purpose, and shall be appor
tioned to the several normal schools by th*
said board as it shall deem best. At] moneys
appropriated for the purchase or Improve
ment of grounds for said normal schools or for
the purchase, erection or Improvement of or
addition to buildlngrs for paid normal schools
s-ha!l be appropriated generally for such pur
poFe or purposes, and shall be subject to ex
penditure by said board for the purpose or
I-urposes stated generally In the appropriation,
at such pla.ee or places and for such of said
normal schools as said board shall determine.
PRINCETON, Ind., Jan. ll.-^J. D. Kejth
was this afternoon convicted of murdering
Nora Kelfer and . sentenced to death.
Sentenced to Death.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 11.— The Cana
dian Pacific Railroad Company has ac
quired the Canadian Pacific Navigation
Company. The latter company has for
many years been operating the principal
steamship service between Victoria and
Vancouver and British Columbia coast
points. It Is understood that the Cana
dian Pacific Railway Company Intends to
add to the present fleet of thirteen vessels
and to largely Improve the service.
»
Absorbs a Steamship Line.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 11.— A fatal ac
cident occurred on the new Southern Pa
cific line near Ref ugio Canyon, . about
twenty miles north of here, to-day. The
water train, consisting of an engine, water
car and caboose, was rounding a curve
above a high embankment. The engine
passed over but the water car toppled and
rolled down, carrying with It four men—
a mason employed on the road and thrca
tramps, who were stealing a ride. The
mason and one tramp, sitting next to the
engine, were crushed to death In tha. de
scent and a third will die. The other
tramp escaped without a scratch. It is
claimed that the train was running at the
rate of only four miles. an hour, but the
new grading, softened by the recent rain"*,
gave way. The names of the unfortunate
men could not be learned. .
the Southern Pacific's New
Coast Road.
Two ULtn Killed in an Accident on
The truth of the- matter, which has Just
come to light from a reliable source,
shows the astuteness land business fore
sight of the financiers handling the en
terprise. A little matter of $15,000 or so
has stood In the way of the • Incorpora
tion—namely, the Internal revenue war
tax, which must be attached to the
papers.
Senator Clark and his associates knew
that one of the avowed Intentions of the
present session of Congress was to ma
terially reduce that tax, and, going on
the principle that a dollar saved Is a dol
lar earned, have deferred the filing of
articles until the proposed reduction be
came a law. . '¦ I
WATEE CAB TOPPLES
TX)WN AN EMBANKMENT
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 11.— From time to
time the announcement has been made
that articles of incorporation of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Kall
load would surely be filed in Salt Lake
City "the following week." When the
na to arrived and the papers were not
filed a great variety of excuses were ad
vanced by the promoters as a reason
therefor.
Is Delayed.
Angeles-Salt Lake Company-
Why the Incorporation of the L03
RAILWAY PROMOTERS
SHY AT THE WAR TAX
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11.— Senator Simp
son' says that his bill to prohibit in this
State the manufacture, sale or giving
away of cigarettes or cigarette paper is
substantially the same aa the Iowa law.
which has been found constitutional by
the Supreme Court of that State and also
by the Supreme Court of the United
States. It is so drawn, he says, as not to
Interfere with Interstate commerce.
Simpson's Anti-Cigarette Bill.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 11.— At a regu
lar meeting: of the Chamber of Commerce
to-night, a resolution was adopted asking
the Legislature to make an appropriation
to build a highway from Bakersfleld *o
Santa Barbara. The proposition has been
taken up at both ends of the line. The
Bakersfleld Board of Trade has worked
for It and Assemblyman Merrttt was
asked to support it. State Highway Com
missioner J. L. Maude has made two trips
here to look over the field, once going
over the proposed route with a committee
from the chamber. He reported favor
ably, and, it Is said, will support the
measure. The distance through the moun
tains is less than sixty miles. Roads con
nect with Bakersfleld and Santa Barbara
at either end.
Road Extending to
Bakersfleld.
Santa Barbara Wants a
WORKING FOR
NEW HIGHWAY
Kelley of Alameda offered a resolution
Increasing the membership of the Printing
Committee from seven to nine. It was
referred to the Committee on Rules.
geles, was pushed, to a vote as an urgency
measure. Broughton and Melick explained
that since the building was destroyed by
fire, the walls, which remain intact, had
been covered with corrugated Iron, to pro
vide temporary quarters for cooking and
dining. The bill was hurried over the the
Senate, where it was rushed to the Com
mittee on Reformatories.
INVENTOR BENNETT'S SUCCESSFUL TO PREVENT HIS PRIZE FOWL, FROM DESTROYING HIS
LAWN. WHICH IS FULLY APPRECIATED BT THE COLORED POPULATION OF AXAMEDA.4IF SOMEWHAT
1 PUZZLINO TO THE FEATHERED VICTIMS.
Radical Effect of Legislation Proposed by
State Senator Sims.
CHANGE IN GOVERNMENT
OF THE STATE NORMALS
The will was fi'.ed for probate this after
noon by C. A. Clausen. In addition to the
Favisalito real r state the property left by
Ropers eonplrts of cash in bank amount
injr to $450. promissory notes of a face
v&lue of «47X> and personal property ap
praisM at $300.
Samuel L. and Herbert Ropers, the sons
mentioned !n »he will, live at 1947 Ellis
etre«»t. San Francisco.
Hrre follows the unwarranted attack
upon the Marln County Superior J-udse.
Which The Call refuses to print.
The rofiflut of my property I rive to my
nephew*. Frank E., Samuel C. and Ixmis L..
e.n4 my decs, Annie Roper*, daughrer of my
fcrothrr Will H. Ropers, share ar.1 share alike.
To rr.y *on Herbert I irlve lot I*, block 15. in
FaiuA'.ito. Marfn County, conditioned that If
tre naid Herbert dies before his mother's
<Veth. nald lot shall then become the property
*»? rr.y ri<rh«»w. Frank E. Roper* of Oalesburg.
111., and Famuel C. Ropers of Norwich. Conn.
To one Mary E. Uc-fi-pr* 'nf* Mary E. Har
rir^rton). whom I unfortunately married Spp
ttn.t*T 8. 1ST1. and was rr*«l from September
4. ifSS. &» * rremento cf her conduct with Mo
rlno. Fry and Crowley. I leaxe my dylni? curse.
To her eon, Samuel L. Rogers. I give fl
a.f a remlrder of h!» !njrra.titude to me.
Hie only grievance against the latter
vr? that on one occasion he appeared be
fore him as a litigant and was compelled
to pay his wife, who had divorced him,
Xor the support of their child.
The will reads:
FRUITY ALE. May 1. 1SJ7.
Thl» Is rr.y l«*t will. I g\ve and b*cue«.th
to tr.y friend. Charles E. Clausen of Dlron.
Pol*no Count?-, all my library, bookcases and
furr.lt ure. and hereby rr.&ke and constitute him
exf-cutor of my last wil! without bonds.
F. L. Rogers, a lawyer, formerly of Sau
falito. apparently nursed hatreds formed
years apo up to the time of his death last
wreck at PVultvale. In a will filed this
afternoon he disinherits one eon and be-
Qupaths a cur*e to the mother of his two
tons and to a Superior Judge of Marln
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 11.
Pioneers Malediction for the
Wife Who Divorc«d
Him.
LEAVES HISCURSE
IN A TESTAMENT
A TEAMED A.. Jan. 11.— A flre that for a while threatened
to burn up everything In sight, including several mil
lion pallors of petroleum and refined oil, broke out this
afternoon at the Pacific Coast Oil Works at the ex
treme western end of the city. As it was, a building
that had just been completed was almost totally destroyed, en
;..-.•¦ l- a loss on the oil works company of alwut $5000.
The fire was caused by the overheating of a large quantity
cf oil that was going through the process of refinement in one
of the big stills at the works. The ga^es generated by the
heat from the oil did not escape quickly enough through the
venta made for tht-ir discharge, with the result that the man
hole cover at the tcp of the etill was forced off by the extraor
dinary pressure against It.
A moment later the flames from the white heat flre beneath
The' fire In the storage building was not got under control
until the structure had been nearly burned to the ground. It
contained only a lot of asphalt and some empty tanks.
the still communicated with the escaping gas and the flames
shot high In the air In an Immense column of fire that touched
the top of a 150-foot chimney which stands within a few feet
of the long row of stills in that department of the \rorks. The
southeast wind blew the flames over until they, licked the Bides
of the new corrugated iron storage building. 200 feet distant.
This structure was soon afire. While awaiting the arrival of
the local Fire Department the employes of the works did what
they could to save the other tanks and buildings from being
destroyed. The oil in the blazing still was drawn off from be
neath and conducted to another tank. As soon as the still was
emptied of the oil the fire went out.
Gas Thereby Generated Lifts
Off Manhole Cover and Is
Almost Instantly Ignited
Blaze Caused by the Overheat
ing of a Quantity of Oil
Which Was Being Refined
Storage Building Just Completed
at a Cost of F.ve Thousand
Dollars Burned to the Ground
"In such extreme cases," said the wit
ness. "I should say cruelty describes It
best, because it causes pain."
"Now. which of these describes the form
of hazing- practiced by West Point upper
classmen when a man Is pushed to the
limit of his endurance?"
Cadet Edward H. Dearmond of Missouri
said he had given fifteen drops of tropi
cal pepper sauce to Cadets Pegram and
Koselle, but to.no others. He also hazed
Williams, who' was afterward dismissed,
and a cadet named Davy. Congressman
Driggs asked the young Missourlan to
listen to his reading three words and
their meaning from the dictionary. The
words were: "Barbarous," "brutal" and
"cruel."
"He was the worst case here. He had
convulsions, and it took quite a while to
bring him around. I saw him In bed
whimpering hysterically."
"What about MacArthur?"
The witness said he had been dismissed
from the academy about a year, but had
gone to Washington and secured his re
instatement. His dismissal was connected
with hazing offenses of which the authori
ties had become cognizant.
Cadet O. N. Taylor of Maryland testi
fied that he had been eagled 4W times for
no offense at all, made to change from
a stretcher and made to do other things.
He came near fainting. Witness refused
to tell at first who hazed him, but the
committee decided he must answer and
he did. saying Cadet Evans, since ex
pelled, and Cadet A, J. Barry of the pres
ent first class were the hazers.
"Who hazed MacArthur?"
"There were two men, of whom Cadet
Dockery was one."
Taylor told of the hazing of Carpenter,
one of his classmates, when Cadet Myer
of the present first class Interrupted the
hazers and made them desist. Carpenter
was put to bed suffering from muscular
convulsions. He was also hysterical and
delirious.
Some of the Congressmen wanted to
know why the cadets did not settle "af
fairs of honor" with the army six-shooter,
but the witness said he thought In that
case the fourth class men would be at a
worse disadvantage than in a bare
knuckle contest-
Cadet Spauldlng said Mr. Huelzler of the
class of 1902, an unpopular man, had been
dismissed on account of demerits. Wit
ness admitted that officers were inclined
to ignore delinquencies except in cases of
unpopular nwn.
Cadet "Jphn K. Herr of New Jersey said
he hazed whenever he got a chance. Cadet
Grant was among his victims.
The testimony then reverted to the
Booz-Keller fight, bringing out nothing
new.
WEST POINT, N. Y., Jan. 11.— The Con
gressional committee which has been in
vestigating the hazing of West Point
cadets resumed its labors to-day. Cadet
George R. Spauldtng of Michigan, who
acted- as timekeeper at the Keller-Booz
fight, was the first witness called, and,
after being sworn, was examined by Con
gressman Wanger. He said he was an
ex-offlcio member of the "scrapping com
mittee," being vice president of his class.
"Is that a standing committee?"'
"Yes, sir, but there is not as much use
for it now as there was some time ago."
"Scrapping Committee" a Fixture of
the Institution, but Six-Shoot
ers Considered Dan-
Helpless Lower Classmin
Are Haz*d Until
Delirious.
CADETS TELL
OF CRUELTIES
SPECTACULAR FIRE IN WEST ALAMEDA
PARTIALLY DESTROYS THE PLANT OF
THE PACIFIC COAST OIL WORKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
Oregon Boot Device Attached to the Leg of a Fowl Prevents
Any Injury to the Blue Grass, but Causes a Rapid De
crease .. in the Visible Numbers of the Feathered Family
BENNETT'S CHICKENS WILL NO LONGER
MAR THE BEAUTY OF HIS GREEN LAWN
BY THEIR TOO ENERGETIC SCRATCHING
PLANT OF THE PACIFIC COAST OIL WORKS IN
WESTERN ALAMEDA, THAT WAS BADLY DAM
AGED BY FIRE YESTERDAY.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 11.
Stmr Crescent City, Btockfleth, E2 hours from
Crescent City.
11
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
eoap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all »orts of people are
using it-
j Immediately on Arising %
4 in the Morning Take # a Goblet of the 4
J BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN, i
W ¦ " . - - - "
t It is a "friend indeed" (the next morning) to the "diner-out." i '
' ' ? speedy, sure and gentle cure for all disorders of the stomach and llrer. It has 9
6 ' no equal as a remedy for i'
t Constipation and Biliousness* j
5 To Protect Yourself Agaiost Substitution g
| BE SURE AND USE THE FULL NAME- lf HUNYADI-JANOS" i
Y Label on Bottle Is Blue with Red Centre Panel. £
d/%%%'%'%%^H»-'%^^ / * "***%:*%'%'»'%%'%%%%'%%*'%%")THE SAN FT? ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 1 2, 1901.
12
, HELP • WANTED— FEMALE.
BEWINO machine operators wanted at Lev!
Strauss & Ca's overall factory, JJH Fremont
St. r Apply to MR. DAVIS.
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARP.IS CO..' 641 Market St.;
call upstairs. .* ¦¦ , : ¦ ' -•
ELDERLY lady to assist in housework; more |
of a home than wages. Address 1915 Delaware
St., Berkeley. •• - •• ¦ ~ ¦
A 'LADY for light housework; good home and
fair pay for right. party; call after 2 p. tn.
116 Taylor st.
WANTED— First-class apprentice on custom
coats. 222 Kearny at.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay St. (
CLASSIFIED advertisements and, subscriptions
received: at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an 1
subscriptions has been established : - at - lU'Jfi
Valencia st. '. <\< •. . . . .-
' HELP UAJfTEH-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/ S.. Phone Grant ISo
..;.: HOTEL DEPARTMENT :..
3 French- or Italian waiters, country restau-
rant," $11 a week; waiter, hotel in Nevada,
i *40; strong, active porter for saloon. $30;
hangerup, hotel laundry, country, $30; eleva-
: tor boy, country laundry, ?20; washer, coun-
try laundry, f JO to $33
Night' port?r, first-class country hotel, $25
and fare paid
Coachman and gardener, good reference. $35;
butter maker and milker, J30. C R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st. j
A— MURRAY & READY.... '....Phone Main 581S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Stableman for truck stables $50 to $60
Plow teamster. $1 fare ......$30 and found
Pruners for orchard
Man and wife for ranch on sharea
Woodchoppers Tlemakera, fare paid
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— TWO stenographers and typewritera, large
firm, country. JSO. aee bosa here. MURRAY
& READY. 834-626 Clay St.
A-WANTED
Working foreman for hay and grain ranch.
$30; gardener, private place, country, $25 and
found; 4 woodchoppers. (SOo and $125. fare,
tools and provisions advanced; cabinet maker,
custom work. W. D. EWER Sc CO.. 610 Clay.
A— MATCHER hand. 2 bench hands, 2 cabinet
makers, engineer for planing mill, electrician
' to take contract: all non-union: no office fee*.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny.
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $40; cook, $S0, free fare; pantry
bey. $15: waiters, country, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard, Sec.,' 104 7th: tel. Jessl* 152.
WANTED— Experienced milk wagon driver for
retail milk route; must be able to build up
route, have references and furnish cash bond;
good salary to right man. Address box 1107,
Call office. -
WANTED— Young man to travel with doctor;
salary and expenses; no experience; must In-
vest $30. Apply DR. CARTELL. 8 Eddy at.
A — GOOD watchmaker; state salary wanted and
references. Box 1099, Call office. . »
BUSHELMAN for clothing etore. Apply 81
.Third st
BOY wanted. Apply 29 Second st., upstairs.
BLACKSMITH finisher at O'BRIEN'S, 600
Golden Gate ave.
MAN to help in kitchen a few hours daily for
- board only. Restaurant, 496 Fourth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday at
402 Brannan at.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. I Jackson st.
WANTED— A waiter at 221 Grant ave.
"WANTED — Good, sober short-order night cook;
- wages $S per week. 304 Mason ct.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. £€2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTKD-^Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
St., Ban Francisco, Cal. ' '
WANTED — Man to manufacture first-class
soda; references necessary; good salary. Call
Grand Hotel, room SOO, between 8 and 9 a. m.
YOUNG man to drive and take care of horsea.
People's Market. 2599 Market St.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, lEc and
20c. Boston House, 030 Howard st.
WANTED— By large shipping house, experi-
enced cable clerk. Address Immediately box
1043. Call office. ¦ ¦
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening. 500 Halght at.
WANTED — A solicitor of high grade who can-
prwent a high class proposition to selected
Individuals; to canvassing; high pay for
right man. Room 5, 5 Market st. : ;
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. EC2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. . ¦
LADY or gentleman wanted: neat appearance;
security required. Box IOCS, Call.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
llrm, 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
15c BARBER shop: choice location: Market at.;
first-class trade; bargain. Box 1020, Call. .
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard at.,
. S. F. Barber School. -
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sul.scr'intlons has i be?n established at 1096 '
Valencia st. ¦ -• • "
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubfcrlntlons has been established at 1C06
Valencia st. '
iik.moAkuoids.
ANY car* of Plies, Piles. Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no lnterfer- ,
ence with business during treatment. For fur- ;
thor particulars odd. Physician, box 1930, Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
HORSES AND MULES.
Last few days of sale cf German Government
horses and mules; grand opportunity to get
good horses at reasonable price; horses from
$20 up; mules from $50 up. -Baden horse ranch,
at end of Ean Mateo electric line.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. . Grand A rcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FRESH Jersey cow and calf for sale. 3627
¦ Seventeenth st.
FOR sale— Fresh cow. Apply A. KRETH. 1443
Thirteenth ave.. South San Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PmNTlirD^TJsT^Hoiis^s^^
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
DRY,' warm, comfortable f>-room house for $S.
1»£9 Kearny St.. n?ar Greenwich.
IV VALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
)T— ~- ¦ .
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames trlcycie
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market at.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— On Post et.. between Kearny at. and
Grant ave.,a-package containing 16 gold and
filled fob guards.' Reward will be paid on
return of same . to SERGEANT JOHN T.
GREEN, Property Clerk's Office, Hall of
Justice. .
LOST— Large shepherd's crook .with diamond
settings.' -Reward of vf 100 will be given and
no questions ' asked upon return of same to
M. BERNARD. -Campbell, Metson & Camp-»
bell, 116 Crocker building. .
LOST— Three books, 1 ledger, 2 daybooks; name
. THOS. PRINGLE on outside. Return to
FISHER PACKING CO.. 503 Commercial at.;
good reward if returned . at once, ji- ' \ . ¦
LOST— Small white fox terrier; named Teddy;
' two. orange spots • on head ; • wore collar with
owner's. address. Return- Jo 600 Bush st. and
receive reward. ' . • , ¦ '. . »
LOST— A- diamond stud at Orpheum. Finder
by returning to D. M.,0SBORNE & CO., 13
Main at., will. receive reward.
LOST — On Miasion-at. cars or ¦ between Fourth ¦
and Fifth sts., small gold watch and chain,
1 valued as keepsake. Reward at 1096 Valencia.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED by Eastern woman— Position . as
managing or working housekeeper; city or
country; children preferred. Call or address,
25 Third et., room 8. . ' : • : , .';
WANTED— Position by competent young
woman. with a child 4 years; will do any kind.
• of housework; reasonable; can furnish refer-
encea if. required. Box 1008. Call office.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to do
at home. 851 Mission st. ' -¦ ; - "'
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes engagement
caring for lady or gentleman Invalid; rates
reasonable. : Box 1096. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
aa child's nurse. Address Nurse. 1223 Bush
st., city; rear house.
A -YOUNG woman lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005. Call office.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to 91 60 night. II 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH otfice for Call advertisements and
subscriDtions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • .
EMPLOYMENT WA\TED—MALE.
A ISTRONQ, reliable married man, 45, German,
would like any kind of position In wholesale
house or warehouse; always steady and sober;
good references. Box 2072, Call office. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work about place:
understands care of horses; can milk; good
gardener; handy with tools; good references.
R. Q., 2426 Buena Vista ave., Alameda.
COACHMAN, thoroughly experienced, best city
references, desires situation. NORMAN, box
1103, Call office. , ¦•
WANTBD— Position aa night watchman. Box
1101, Call office.
YOUNO German, handy with tools, wants
work in or near city. Address box 1100, Call.
WANTED— Position of night watchman; bonds
given. Address 3171 Mission, phone Church 911.
RELIABLE middle-asod man wishes position;
is a horso doctor; understands gardening,
carpenter work, painting, etc.; can do any
kind cf work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM, 4S East Ft.
SALESMAN wants position in country store;
best of city references; has been 15 years In
the last two situations. Address "box 954,
Call office. * ;
EMPLOYMENT wnnted by young man ex- :
perienced in hardware, stoves, tinware.
. agateware, china and crockery ware; city or
country. R. WOLF, 646 Folsom' st.
YOUNG man wishes position in retail mercan-
- tile hou3e; dry grocery preferred: references
given: only those meaning business reply.
Box 10S9. Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. ' _____^
PAINTER, paperhanger and whitener would
like to work for estate, hotel or Institution;
has his own tools. Box 1071, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS shoemaker would like to get
a steady position; is thoroughly sober man:
city or country. Box 1067, Call office.
A PRACTICAL, up-to-date machinist and tool-
maker desires to take charge of manufactur- i
Ing plant. Box 9S9. Call office. ¦
WANTED— By man 45 years old, employment
as watchman or night clerk; reference and
bonds given. Address box 1061. Call office.
"WANTED — A gentleman of address and busi-
ness experience desires occupation; amount
of salary not Important. Box 1090, Call office.
GENERAL painter, gralner and paperhanger
wishes a situation. Address box 1031. CalL
BAKER (bread and cakta) wants position. 313
Leavenworth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ! _.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmore st.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
..their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
•by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT lower Hat; «un all day: 4 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. KC20 Buchanan st.
Elegant- upper fiat; sunny; 7 rooms and
bath; 301S Buchanan st.: rent reasonable. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
; TO let — New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 5 and •
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I TO let— LOWER flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
MODERN flat; 8 room3, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St., near Seventh.
NEW fiat, 4 larjre sunny rooms; •water free. 22
Sumner St., eft Howard, near Eighth.'
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave., l'i blocks to Market St., Gough and Oc-
tavia. - -
$7— FLAT of 3 rooms. 244 Harriet St., between
Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and Bryant.
$7— 4-ROOM fiats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
II" you want to move get printed list flats to let
• from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
F&ATS WANTED.
WANTED- Small, neat, completely furnished
fiat: centrally located; about $30 per month.
Box 1079, Call office.
FDRMTt'RE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale— Flat to let; 6 rooms,
bath, yard. 3570 Seventeenth St., near Guer-
rero; apply 9 to Ha. m.
4 ROOMS furnished in cak J4S 40, with No. 7
rarge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S35 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought; spot cash.
FUKMTl'RE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpeta. etc.,
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3363.
CHAS. LEVY buys -your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission Et., pays highest
; price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red-13J4.
HELP. WAATED — FEMALE.
cTr? IIANPEN & CO........!. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; 4 waitresses, clt3\ J20; 2
waitresses, Fresno, $20; 5 waitresses, different
commercial hotels, $20: 2 chambermaids to
wait, 120; chambermaid to wait, $22 60; work-
ing housekeeper for 5 men, $20, fare paid;
cashier, restaurant, $3 week; 2 chambermaids,
first-class hotel, $15, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, $23; housegirl, American family, $25;
3 housegirle, $20 and {25; young girls to assist.
$12 to $20: second girl, $20. C. R. IIANSEN &
¦ CO., 104 Geary st. ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. IS.
Chambermaids, cltj- and country hotels, $13
i and $20; waitresses for San Diego, $20, free
fare.
WANTED — Good cook and laundress; German,
Swcdo or Norwegian; for small family: ref-
erences required; $30. Apply 2710 Broadway,
between 12 m. and 2 p, m.
WANTED — A German or Swedish girl to do
scrubbing, dishwashing and window cleaning;
wages $20. Apply between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
at Pacific Hebrew Orphanage, 600 Devlsadero.
COMPETENT rlrl; general, housework: small
American family; wasea $20. Call between 9
and It, 719 Cole st. '
WANTED— Experienced lady bookkeeper and
cashier; references required. Address box
1102. Call office. .'
EXPERIENCED girls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO & HARRIS CO., G41 Market (upstairs).
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coa'B
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market at." '
NEAT young girl: small family; second woman;
German preferred. 4237 Twentieth at.
STRONG young girl for general housework-
must be neat; $12, 2102 Golden Gate ave.
OPERATORS: shirts & overalls; Inexperienced
Instructed. Heynemann & Co.. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED millinery trimmers; must be
Al; good wages; long season. Box 1094. Call.
FIRST-CLASS 2d trimmers, makers and salea-
ladles for millinery; year round. 180 Sixth St.
BORROW on pianos, furniture/diamonds
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
WANTED— A waitress. , C19 Sacramento at. ;
no Sunday work.
Y ? Vj S C l e i. rI bPtw «* n 1* and 1« years to assist
In light housekeeping. 1914 Ellis st
WANTED— A good, first-class waitress ' at S04
Mason st. ; wages $7 a week.
WANTED-Conservatlve. well-read woman who
can assume responsibilities. . Box 1092.. Call.
STRONG girl to do housework; call between 3
and 4.' 326 Broadway.
- a JPJr"' wa , nte(1 '- '* or Ceneral housework. 83S
(J r arreii st. -¦>&BBB^*apiBifj]f'Uf^ffi/ffj/f
GIRL for housework from 10 .to 4:30: $8: car-
fare one way. 1511 Baker st.
BAS Fn.iS'CISCO CALL.
BUSECES9 OFFICE cf The San PraacUco
Call, corner of Market and Third streeta; open
crtll 12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street,
ccrner dor; open until I -89 p. m.
JPO Hnye* street: open until »:S0 p. ra.
C3» aicAlliater atreet; open until »:J0 p. m.
CIS Larkln *treet; open until t:S0 p. m.
:S41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ITCi Market street, ccrner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
JOC Eleventh rtreet: open until » p. m.
:05« Valencia street; open until • p. m,
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tuclcy ftreete: open until i p. m.
MKETIXG AOTICES.
nXCn^SIOR Lofipe No. 166, F. and A. ¦
Al. -Special meting THIS DAY <Sat-~*%_
urdsy). Jan. 1Z. at 1:30 y. m., for the TC2T
purpose ot conducting the funeral of / '
our deceased brother. S51MON JOHN LEVEY,
late a member «f Ancient Landmark Lodge,
tshasghal. China. Funeral committees please
take notice. By order of the Master.
TKEO. E. SMITH. See
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2.
I. <>. O. F. — liegular meeting tgyi/RS?
THIS iSATURDAY) EVENING. ~5£>«*5>
Ti:ird decree.
A. K. KTNGSFORP. P. M.
THE regu'.ar cnruial meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California .Schuetren Club Pork
find Duildlng Association will be held at Ein-
tracht Hall on WEDNESDAY. Jaciiiiry SO.
ISM. at » p. m.. for the purpose of electing
seven directors, and the transaction of such
tusiness as may come before the meeting.
PHILO JACOBY. President,
. O. BRDXR, Secretary. ;
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Union Iron
Wcrks m-lll be held at the office of the coin-
piny, E2 Market St.. San Francisco, on Tues-
day. January 22. ISCl. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Director*
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
come befor* the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 122 Market et.. Ean Frandeoo. CaL
January 10. 1*01. __^
70 the stockholders and members of the C. F.
K&pp Compeny. a corporation: Notice Is
hereby given that a general meeting cf the
etockholdera and members cf the C. F. ICapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at Its
ofSce end place cf business. No. 1200 Market
ft.. In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, en SATURDAY, the 2Cth
<!ay cf January. ISCl. et the hour of 12
o'clock m.. the object cf said meeting being
the removal from office of trie following
named directors cf said coycratlon. to wit:
C H. Koehncke. Drrtha Koehscke. Carl W.
Mueller ar.d Alfred Fuhrmar.. and that at
t uch rr.e«?tinp it is the intention of the under-
F!jrne<l to propose the removal of each of said
tiirertorp. and also a.t said meeting the repeil
amendment and adoption cf new fcy-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
I'ref='.drnt C. F. K&pp Company.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
Ing of the etockholders cf the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held et the office of
the company, ZT. Market et.. in the city and
county of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the
36th day of January. 1P01, at the hour of 11
o'clock tu m., for the purpose of electing a.
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
jew and the transaction of 6uch other busi-
nes« as may come befcre the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 5,
1901, ax 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ;
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing cf the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
ship Company will be held at the office of
the company. STT Market Ft.. San Francisco.
California, on MONDAY. January 21. 1901. at
the boar cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pcne of electing a Board of Directors to serve
f«r the ens-Jtng year, and the transaction of
• oh ether business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer bocks will close on Thurs-
day. January 10, 18(J1, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretory.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholder of The
Emporium an4 Golden Rule B« rn 11 ». a. Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
rr.e*-t!r.g of the stockholders of The Empo-
rium end Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will b# held at the principal office of the
compacy. In the Parrott building, located on
Market et.. between Fourth and Fifth. In the
rtty acd county of Ban Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January, ISCl. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of Euch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
cf the Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 3, 1?CL
NOTICE If hereby r:ven that a special meet-
ing cf the stockholders of The San Frandeco
end Can Joaquin Volley Railway Company
¦will be hell at the principal office of the
company in the city of Ean Francisco. Cal.
on FATCP.nAY. the nineteenth (19th) day of
January, EM. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur-
pose of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment for the c&le and conveyana.ee to and
purchase by The Atehlson, Topelta and Santa
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The San Francisco and
fan Joatjuln Valley Railway Company, and
to transact ar.y ether business that may
legally crme b»fnre the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary-
Pan Frandeco. January 4. 190L
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the offlce of the company. S27
Market rt.. San Francisco, on MONDAT, the
twenty-first day cf January. 19C1, at the hour
Ot 11 o'clock a. m., fcr the purpose of elect-
ir.r a board cf directors to serve for the
ensuing year ar.d ihe transaction of such
1 ther buair.ess as may come before the meet-
ir.g. The transfer books trill close on Friday,
January IS. 1K1. at S o'clock p. m.
W. II. HANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy; l>ri-
vnie entrance. I-~NCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
MEGTIXGS — Lntverxal Brotherhood.
AND Theosophlcal Society, 25th anniversary;
three days' Jubilee; Sunday evening, 13th,
eubje-t. "Twentieth Century Battles"; Mon-
day evening. 14th, "Hypatla," Greek sympo-
sium in costume; Tuesday, 15th. mystic in-
terpretation of "The Tempwt." tableaux;
Affeiiemy of Srienfe* Hall. S:? Market at.
AGEXTS WASTED.
FOLTCTTORS: ladies or gentlemen; big com-
missions. Utica Cleansing Compound Co., 21
Fpear st. y
PETTING machine and photo agents. Box
1015. Call office.
?2G0 TO SiOO per month; men or women; salary
or commission or both. $27 Market et.. r. 615.
lOFITIVE opportunity for a flr*t-class lady
ag-er.t. Dur.ijfg Mfr. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. 6. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for drl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Fur-.ke. me Eighth Ft.. Alameda.
ATTOHSEVS AT LAW.
It. W. KING. S27 Market et.. Cth floor, room €27
—Estates, damages, attachment*, bankruptcy,
collection?; all cares; fair fee: no advance
charter; loans en estates. Tel. Howard 1637.
ADVICE free: divorce law a Fpecialty; private:
ro fep without euceees; collections. G. W
HOWE, any at law, 8V> Market, ccr. Etocktn.
CfPTER, Herman J., attorney-at-law, 527 Mar-
ket. r. 706: open evenings; consultation free.
TRANK W. EMITII; mining and probate law a
ypeclalty. Mills big., r. 3, 4th fir. ; tel. R*d 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. 'W.
W. DAVIDSON. E27 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
I. DDT. JARRETT, Hearst building, Third
end Market pts.; phone Red £262.
I- ft CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 ilar-
k'.-t et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ASl'UALTtM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r«-
t aired: postal. i;vt MIsglw tel. Folsom 1607.
DATU CABIXETS.
ELECTr.IC light bath cabinets to let and for
f ale. 1SS< I'olnt ¦ Lobes qve. . .* ;.
BISIM2SS CHANCES. ~
PARTNER wanted In a large, cld-establ'shedC
profitable business, controlling a good, eate,
• aolid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to sell
*n Interest to aa acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the account* and assisting
penerolly in the management of the business-
capital required. JCOOO to J10.000: full value in
y'rht; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO. C32
Market «.
A— WANTED— A good tenant Tor grand corner
store acd basement, with fixtures tnjitable for
rrocrry business; special Inducements. Ai>-
£ty SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at. _"
A CANDT bakery; notion* and papers: laundry
office; barcain. COWING & CO.. 713 Market.
i:00— RESTAURANT proposition ; seldom offered ;
rent S3t>: payments. D. McRAE. E37 Mission 6t.
AA— *4r>0; grand opportunity Tor lady or gent.:
location perfect: cirars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, Hd ave. nation. E. Oakland.
FOR sale at a reasonable price— A fine ealoon
ot IIS Second St., corner Minna. F. KIlii; ,
proririetor.
RESTAURANT ' and coffee saloon; daily re-
celpts about $60. Call at place, 410 Kearny st.
CIGAR store; fine location; for aale; cheap.
2» Nlntn at.
POO— RESTAURANT; opposite railroad and
rte&mshlp landing, where 10CO men ¦vorkine;
no opposition; barraia. Apply flO Folsom.
BUSINESS CHANCES COXTIXUED.
A— $3500— CORNER saloon; choicest corner on
Market at; lease for t years and more; rent
$200: no better location and no better business
In this city. Call R. O. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— $2600— CORNER grocery and bar on Nine-
teenth Et., known as one of the best-paying
corner groceries in tbla city: rent $40; stock
will invoice $2000; horse, wagon; only reason
for selling, owner to retire. Call R. Q.
WILKE, :GH Kearny st.
A— $1400— DAILY produce store with branch
bakery and candy dept.: rent $40: 1 horse and
wagon; dally receipt* about $50: location close
to Palace Hotel. R. G. Wllke, 2»H Kearny at.
A— $1250— BAKERT and confectionery acres*
the bay; bucinecs established 20 years; 4
horses, 2 wagons; rent $45: baking 3V4 baj-rels
per day; a splendid opportunity. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26',$ Kearny at. '
A— $3000— HALF Interest in confectionery and
coffee parlors; Market and Kearny sts.: doing
large business; establ. many years: retiring
partner to leave city; a splendid chance. R.
G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st.
A— $3500; WINE and liquor business in Oakland,
with acency for ono of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
cipal street. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny.
A-$2500— CHOICEST aaloon on Keamy at.;
close to Chronicle building; established years;
3 years' lease: all ca*h down not necessary.
Call It. G. WILKE, SSV4 Keamy st.
A— $p00— THIRD Interest In laundry company;
doing a firet-class busineea; retiring partner
to leave for New Yori^. Apply R. O. WILKE,
£6^ Kearny Bt.
A— $1000— CORNER grocery and bar on Guerrero
et.; rent $40; large block, horse and wagon
and a flrst-clasa paying business; established
years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— ONE of the best ealoons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
elck In bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed. R. O. WILKE. S6H Kearny at.
A — $700; CORNER ealoon with 3 rooms; rent
$55; opp. factory employing £00 people; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A-$250— CIGAR etore on Market at..- rent $10;
a good-paying ctand. Call R. G. WILKE.
r«H Kearny «t.
A— JiOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
et.; rent $39; place estab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. Q. WILKE. :t\i Kearny.
A— $IC0— PARTNER wanted in an employment
office; can clear easily $150 per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
16H Kearny et.
A— $273 — CORNER saloon In the Mission: rent
$20: lease; good-paying business. Call R, G.
WILKE. ZZ\i Kearny £t.
A— 17^0— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, in
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for East: must sell quick; a. good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
FOR sale— An old established bakery busi-
ness, baking about one barrels of flour a day;
principally Etore trade; can be doubled by at-
tending to it. - Apply to IIARTTER &
HAYES. 216 Front st.
BUTCHER business In a country town; estab-
lished over 40 years: average sales $55 per
day: only shop in town; owner wishes to re-
tlr«; property will invoice price. Address box
1076. Coll office.^
$4^0— LAUNDRY across the bay, horee, wagon
and stock on hand worth $3-0; weekly average
receipts $70; must be fcold account of sickness;
long lease; rent $35. Elder Co.. 636 Market.
K.00— TOBACCO, cigars and notions; established
15 yrs; ll\-lng rooms; downtown location; 6afe
Investment: no agents. Box 1070, Call office.
FOR sale — Chophouse; good business; expenses
small; electric lights; $350 cash. Particulars
W. C. STEELE. 7 N. California et., Stockton.
FOR eale — Fixtures In a hardware atore; CO to
"5 per cent discount: register, safe, scales, etc
Box SP€7. Call office, Oakland.
PARTNER, lady or gent; gilt edge business;
safe: profitable. M. KASTL. 1215 Valencia at.
BOARDING-house for sale; bargain; half block
from ferry; rent cheap. 45 Sacramento at.
B A LOON for sale— Second door from Kearny;
$20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson et.
PARTNER wanted in real estate; good busi-
ness. Apply 635 Market Ft.
FIRST-CLASS butcher 6hop for eale: In good
location and good business. Box 1095. Call.
$100— OTSTER and chop house. 90S»4 Howard
at.; sickness the cause.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 403 Pacific at.
RESTAVRANT; bargain: paying business;
cheap rent; good location. Apply S69 Hayes.
RESTAURANT for eale at a bargain this week.
Call at 419 Keamy st.
S30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons, ?21 Market, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
CO ROOMS: newly furnished; rent $150...... $3000
87 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn. ; extra.. 930
15 rooms; Leavenworth: rent $37 60 900
10 rooms: $4iO; lOirooms, quick .- 85U
JO rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent enly $55 month; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1«6 Market 6t.
34 rooms; Geary st.: must sell $750
13 rooms; piano; rent $45; only 850
81 rooms: elegant corner 1000
49 rooms; great bargain; a snap ieO0
18 rooms; cheap rent; central 600
4G rooms; rent $60; ccrner 1100
MONET TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
A— 45 ROOMS; north of Market: Al furniture;
clear* $200 net; must be sold at once; reduced
to J2300; 20 new houses Just listed. REIN-
HOLD. SKIRM & SNYDER. 927 Market St..
room 218, second floor; phone Folsom 2011.
Also open evenings.
CALL and Fee our list of bargains in houses;
m have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth St.
AN Investment of $2250 will buy a lodging-
house of 40 rooms: centrally located; Income
$G00 per mo.: net $2^0 to $200: must be sold at
once; part cash. Box 10S7, Call.
FOR sale, cheap— Newly furnished 16-room
apartment house; permanently filled: must
be scld owing to other business. Call before
10 a. m. or after S p. m. at 1157 Octavia bt,
LARGEST list lodclng-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
nr.s. 1-2. !U7 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
I $1100—60 ROOMS; fine location: weU furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, V Eddy st.
A— NICELY furnished 9-room house; easy rent;
running water. 943 Post st.
BARGAIN; $850; lodging- house of 76 rooms; in-
vestigate. 105 New Montgomery st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs cf life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a ppeclalty: cir*. Sun.. Wed.. Frt. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily, 10 to 10. Vendome, 1104 Mar-
ket st., room 14. 5rvr<>"«
EARLE, 805 Taylor a,t.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy at.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally: circle every
eve.. 10c. except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
ALEXANDER CARTELL. healer & developer;
tliort time only: treats all diseases. 3 Eddy.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak, trance medium;
readings, $1; hours. 1-5 p. m.; teL Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 835 McAllister— Mra. C. J.
Meyer, Fittings daily:-testa to all to-night; 10c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bua. medium,
life reader, toed, clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
________ __
THE FIRST GRADUATED PALMIST EVEB
IN BAN FRANCISCO
And the Only Peychlc Palmist In the World.
PROF. JOHNS.
The world'a greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs ol
life. He advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.
Professor Johns is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist and
clairvoyant in the world to-day.
There la no home so dreary and sod, no life
80 hard and. blighted, no heart so tad and lonelj
that cannot be set right and kept right after s
{ visit to this inspired prophet of modern times.
All long-standing and chronlo diseases that
have baffled the physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine. He reunitea the separated,
settles lovers' quarrels, canses speedy and
har-py marriage, locates hidden treasures, re-
moves evil influences, cures fits; drunkennesi
cured without the patient's knowledge; tells II
your loved one is true, enables you to win th«
affection of any one you desire; also that which
a person Is best adapted for in life la pointed
out. He enables you to overcome your enemies:
no matter what your trouble la, he can. and will
help you or charge you nothing for his servloea.
N. B.— Palmistry taught; medlumlstlc persons
developed.
Office hours from 3 a. m. to % p. m.; Sunday
the same. Parlors 12S2 Market at.; prices within
reach of all.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave,. rooms £5
and 2$; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for . pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— Mrs. Dr.. Eaylor. queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula-
- tlon, business, law; evil Influence removed;
fee FOc mail II. 1S11H Market.* opp. Van Ness.
MUSICAL ISSTBPyESTg. ~
ANY pereon having u» for »p!M» ??f., b '*J?£
commidated at Sherman. Clay & Co. a wiu»
easiest payments, lowest : prices uda* t re-
liable makers to choose front.
of their grade, from Steinway down. Pr£-
pV^^oa^for^^S^w^ ££&.
within three years from date of P"" 1^
, B 5 Tr lfU month W & JLSgjg
mat c_y- r & s^SfesS
land. . .
PIANOS at 1100. $125 and $130 »« "^^ffe?
compared with the bargains that wa oner
you. Call on the ZENO MAUVAI3 Mt-SIC
CO., 7O Market st. .
DECKER & SON are the old reliable ni!w|
or flrst-clasa pianos. New styles and low
prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market at.
MUST sell our upright piano; almost new;
make offer. 815 Laguna at.
BEAUTIFUL Chickering upright; coat $47».
noVjA;. HEINE PIANO CO.. m Geary at.
A CLEANING out »al* of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market at.
BYROV MAUZY agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only |ia>. BRUENN. 208 Post at.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargain* In 2nd-hand I uprights:
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & oth-rs. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. IU Poat.
AT KEEFFB*S 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new planoe. J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes at.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*
BAJtOAlN— Must be sold: nice upriarht P** n p-
SCHMITZ, is McAllister at., next Hlb. BanH.
OIL.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develop*,
exploits and sella oil lands; haa exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Haiisman. Sec.. Jth floor, r. 32. Milla bldg.
20 OR 40 acres for sale in 24— IS— 27, Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a company If
taken immediately. J. S. EWEN. 10 Cali-
fornia St., room 1. San Francisco, CaL '
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 230 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
WANTED— 3000 shares cf the Occidental Oil Co.
of West Virginia atock. Address, stating
lowest bid. box 1023. Call office.
OIL LA.MJS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R_ R.-
Newton, Carmen A Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, $2
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth st. : open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELU. scientific paJmiet.'sS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black ML
PATENIS AND PENSIONS
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
MATTRESSES AND^PTLLOWS. teL South 79^
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 11th *t.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third at., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; U 50 to $1 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? you are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market at.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electrlo roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1113 Sutter.
FINE suits. $10: drea* pants. »2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery at.
A-W 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SUITS to order on Installments; {13 upward; IX
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton at., near Broadway.
$3 OR $5000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuable*. UNCLE HARRIS. 1J
Grant ave.
PRIVATE det:»ctlve work; reasonable ratea; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie »t.
VOICE culture, piano. French conversation by
Parisian teachers. 40S Golden Gate ave.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Its natural color: SI: at all druggi3ts.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. "33 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 23c: all drupel**.*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and resldenc-.
1021H Market *t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
«^^, —^ — > —^,
WANTED— By man and wife, small ranch,
ready furnished, on sharea: not over 75 miles
from San Francisco. Box 1097. Call office.
=_ ;
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
THE choicest lots in Richmond with all atre«t
work done and ready for building offered at
very low prices; a few steps from the cabl*
and electric cars, not far out: I can arrang*
for easy payments: sa\-e your money in this
way and get your home. \V. J. GUNN. 530
California St.. bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then -call on W. J.
OUXN. KM California at.
$1000— ONE lot. 23x137:*. on Carl street, between
Stanyan and Wlllaril street*; lot Improved
and ready to build en; street sewered. Ad-
: dress 308 Pacific at.
FOR sale — A new modern cottage on easy
terms: Fourth ave., bet. Geary and Clement
sts. Inquire 321 Fourth ave.
' FOR aale — An exceptional bargain in that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date residence. 775 Oole
at.; elegantly decorated; open daily.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
. estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
AT $4% per acre— 830 acres; nearly all tillable:
60 acres perfect garden soil; some timber;
best watered ranch In the county: good and
complete set of buildings; untqualed loca-
tion for roadside house. * hotel, etc.. If so
desired; it's an exceptional opportunity: take
my advice; don't delay. N. D. SICKELS —
the LAND AGENT. 8 Geary at.
SANTA CLARA Valley homes at $S0 an acre;
rich level fruit and vine land at San Martin
station; new depot: $3000 school; terms one-
third cash, balance Installments or term «f
years to suit purchaser: such chance unheard
of before: don't hesitate: write for catalogue.
WOOSTER tc WHITTON. San Jose. Cal.-
$300 FOR 120 acres of alfalfa, fruit and grain
land- fenced; on Irrigation ditch; 3 miles
from railroad town In Tulare Co.: appraised
at $20 per acre by S. F. bank. Address F. W.
STRATTON. Petaluma. Cal.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St..
for circulars of farms and city property. »
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
REAL estate auction sals of some choice pieces
of Alameda property on Saturday. Jan. 19.
1-101, at 4 p. m., at salesroom. 1W1 Park at..
Alr.meda, Cal., particulars later: aend for
catalogues. J. A. MONROE & CO.. auction- .
e*»rs. 15*1 Park St., Alameda. Telephone
Grand 176.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Thtre is in Alameda an elegant, modern. 8-
room dwelling. In tha very best location, that
will be sold at a great sacrifice If taken within
the next few days. LEONARD & LEONARD.
203 Montgomery at.. San Francisco. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$S30— A SMALL home of 4 room* and bath; most
be sold: 39th at., near Telegraph ave. : 25x100.
A. J. SNYDER & CO... Real Estate. 487 Ninth
at.. Oakland. Cal.
$750—4 ROOMS: 33x100; must be sold a j"
SNYDER & CO.. 467 Ninth »t.. Oakland?"
OAKLAND Fl'tlXITUHB FOR SALS}.
AN Introduction toyou7ronrH7^chVu^haa*rth^
furniture dealer. 11th and FrankUa. oSuSl
LOST AND FOUND.
$100 REWARD— Loat New Year's eve. a purse
- containing aolltaire diamond ring ana small
gold. Return to 19 Market st
LOST— Fox terrier, tan colored, with collar;
reward. : 1421 Buchanan at. ; LEPSIC BROS.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of SIMON MEYER: No. 231-577. The
- finder -will please return to bank. ¦
FOUND— A small Spanish dog with no hair.
• Owner can have same at 1133 Pacific *t-, near
Jones.
FOUND— A small barge adrift between Marin
Islands and San Quentln on Friday, Jan. 4.
by JOHN GEORGE, San Quentln. . ¦
FOUND— Fishing boat. 'Address COLEMAN &
OLSON. Long Wharf. Oaklanu^
ANY old thing; also diamonds, sealskins; money
on them: private entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ave.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stonea
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
WANTED — Old I gold for manufacturing. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farr»U st.
MEDICAL. -* - o*
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market,
cpp. 5th; world -renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fail call on him.
THE Great Mountain Warrior; wonderful cure
for rheumatism and all rheumatic pains: cure
guaranteed- apply externally. Price $1 per
bottle, prepaid, by E. M. DAVIS. 1413ft Baker
Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market st., cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$3; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sanda of casea; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable apeclallat; 15 yra.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office. 16; any ailment; home for patients; con-
*ult free. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists- 33 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; cafe and sure cure. $5; best care: low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny St.: call and see me.
MP.S. DR. OWYER. ladies' socialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento at., near Keamy.
j MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases., counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we con ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 102L 1C23 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BEAUTIFUL pair solitaire diamond screws
i for $55; the same cannot be duplicated In this
city for that price. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for 53 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— OVERCOATS; 350 unredeemed pledges; all
colors and sizes; worth from $10 to $49; for
sale from »1 to $5 each. CALIFORNIA LOAN
OFFICE, 32 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, aells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear at.
60,000-GALLON redwood tank; 12,000 feet 3. 4
and 6 inch pipe- and fittings. THOMPSON.
40 Main at. . •'
A 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply 213 California st.
2D-HAND ate&m. gas, oil, water and air nui-
cbinery bought and sold. White, 618 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand' moving
pictures^ BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
"WANTED — A second-hand photograph tent;
also canvas dark room. Call or address ED
M. WARREN, 565 Twelfth at., Oakland.
HOME wanted for an aged lady. Call between
7 and 9 p. in., 429>4j Tehama st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought JL
scld. Sllverman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market at.
HU.VUV TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
..¦ Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow ot your friends or you will lose
their fr«"?nd8>ii!p; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at « per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages,* undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
nurtgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st. ; teL Main 1C44. Branch 13 Third st.
A— $i00,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Moatgomery at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry, W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal; no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room £8.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, ! sliver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
lew rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansorae. rm. L.
CASH .loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
8% en furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st' or 2d mtgs; city, country: 6%; unrtl-
vldedlnts.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
Ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market at., room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO* salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 14? Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
CHICKERING "$75
1 Great Union 90
Halnea Bros -----•¦••
Hallett - & Davis .'".*.'.". 13:.
Sherwood & Son 150
Kramer Bros ; iso
Benrlder 190
Arlon 190
Schiedemeyer 180
Sterling 2^
Curtaz ' 240
! Standard 285
I Conover ; 290
Easy payments if desired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IS O'Farrell
. Bt., Checkering Agency.
AN opportunity of a' lifetime; will *ell oft the
following pianos. commencing Monday:
Guild, $37 60: Novella (upright). $67: Weber.
$125; 3 Steinways. $125. $1S5. $290; 2 Helnes.
$2S0. $470; 2 Chickerlnss. $175, $2S5; 1 Hailet tc
Davis, $498; 30 new pianos at $152. HEINE
PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.. agents for Hailet
& Davis, oldest an.l most famous pianos in
existence; rents anJ easy payments. -.^ .-.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house'
. west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
1 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every.'
j thing possible done to please and satiafvthe
• customer. *- ¦
PARTY going to New York; must sacrifice fine
3-pcdal upright piano. 22 1 Golden Gate ave.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. ™~~
THE FAMOU8 "
Clairvoyant and Business Medium. -
la permanently located at 17 Third at., -next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present nappenings and por-
trays event* to occur ' in . the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mail; write for lnformav
tlon; Zoo up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist ; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unaeen forces is invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers ;. follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market et., corner Mason, . room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with, life reading; ladles 50c,
¦gents si; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian pypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
ndvlce, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEBEDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
Ut and eajd reader; 2!^:. 7 Seventh st. -
MRS. B. BAUMANN, tho well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 308 O'Farrell at.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
prfgnt. future: 25c. 143 Sixth St.. room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT.' mineral psychometrist, palm-
lst and card reading, 25c. 1241H Market st,
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 103 Fifth st.. room 2.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 MUslon.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy; private en-
trance; private rooms. Unqle Harris, 15 Grant.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth st; German spoken.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms 8-10.
MME. 8CHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie st,
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ndvif***; nnmM irlv^n; 25o vit*. 5 Fourth ¦ st. *
CARrET HEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG~
WHEN you become dlig-UFted with poor work
send to PPAlTLpiNO'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, SE3-357 Tihuma St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main CS4. GEO. WALOOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-B*ctlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.. ; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOX3.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
chiropodists!
CORNS, bunions. Insi-own nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 827 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 laree rooms; large yard; rent
$9. Apply 1800 Florida St.. cor. Twenty-flfth.
TWENTY-FIFTH, SS23— Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard; rent $8.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAlTcLINIC, 809 ilar-
ket *t. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundava. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
A-DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Hose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings, EOc; plates,
$5, full set: all work rainless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fllllngs by my
wonderful eecret, painless method; SO 'years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LKEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates. made over like new;' teeth
I from ?8 per set; extracting, 50c; gaa given..
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, COc.
A. L. PIMPSON. D.D. 8.. 120S Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowpg, $3; fllllngs, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
I DKEKSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
| McDOWELL Dressmxklnr and Millinery School;
i patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market St..
ACCORDEON pleating, pinking. IIS McAUls-
j ter: branch 121 Post, over O'Connor, Moffatt.
EDUCATIOXAL.
EVENING SCHOOL^' fiT^nSuSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 123S Market St..
AVRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during 'the past 5 months; catalogue freu.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bids.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
• Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; buslneaa
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 230 Parrott. bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ;day. eve. ; ost. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. O. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand : Pitman sys-
tem: private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny St.. r. 53.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
FRENCH.Spanish.ete.Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcadem!*
of languages320Post;estab'dl871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VISITING governess: English branches, piano
and bookkeeping: £0c a lesson. Box 747, Call,
TEACHERS' Agcy. A. McNlell,Mgr.,r. 31,FIood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese emoloyment office;
best help. E28 O'Farrell at.-; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main C1S8.
, A B C EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2801.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. «<5 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese ¦ Employment Office —
Best help. 41114 O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE;
YOUNG lady from Hanover wishes a situation
as nursery governess for young child or as
lady's companion; best of references. Box
11 C«. Call office. - ¦
GOOD, reliable woman, good cook, would as-
sist with washing or do day's work. Call
two days. 141 Hyde at. ~ ,. r
WOMAN wants position to do chamberwork or
light housework. Call 803 Turk at.NORFOLK, Va., Jan. ll.-Captain V. F.
McBee. now superintendent nf the Sea
board Air Lino, has been temporarily ap
pointed vice president and general mana
ger to succeed E. St. John.
To Manage the Air Line.
PALACIJ HOTEL.
A Duret. Fresno
Mrs Johnson, Wlnnlp*
K P Pedersen. Oaklnd
Mrs Pedersen. Oaklnd
W J Ppellacy, Bkrsfld
J McFadden. Sta Ana
J Jones Jr. Fresno '
A J Keefe, Chicago
Mrs Keefe, Chicago
J A Lothian. L An*
T Vleaa. Los Angeles
C Kurt*. Los Angeles
XV R Ramedell, S Duo
D Dlnkeleplel, N Y
C C Cheney. Chicago
W L Van Schaak. ChR
Mrs J II Hartog. Chgo
Grace Hamilton, Bng
W Lang, New York
II II Martin. Ohio
i, A Hall. New York
Mrs Hall. New York
W M Laffan, N T. -V v;
H Brace. Pa
W O Henehaw, Oaklnd
F L Glass, Berkeley
C T Norrls. New York
J Cro«s. Los Angeles
C E Bllman. Stanford
J D Grissim. San Jose
A B Watson. San Jose
J Llnwood. Pasadena
C G Murphy, Stanford
K H Pearoe, Berkeley
F K Aspden} Chicago
Mrs H C Taft.v Oaklnd
Miss Taft. Oakland
Mlfs Valentine. . Oakld
C K Power. New York
E D Easton. N York
Mrs Easton. New York
Mrs D C Thome. N Y
J H Pace. Wls
Mrs Pare, Wls
J Mulr, Martinez
GRAND HOTEL. /
J Johnson * w, Spokna
J W McCormlck, N Y
Mrs Wheelock, Cal
F O Boggs, Ottawa
Mrs Ennery, Belmont
Miss Knnery, Belmont
A H Wright, Stockton
E A Gilbert, Sacto
F F Rogers. Sacto
XV Moldrup, Alameda
T J Drals, ForminKton
C L LaRue, Tountville
J Montgomery, Chico
E Meeker Jr, L Ang
C n Bushncll, S Cruz
Dr Richardson, St Paul
E T Wilson. Nebr
W C Bradbury. N Y
D B Hanson, Seattle
A Hammond. Eureka
B A Tullan, Cal
J XV Ryan. Humboldt \
J E Koeberle. L An*
J L Stubbs & w, Cal
D Brenton. Chicapo
F" Johnson & w, Cal
C Gammon, Denver
0 Woodward & w. Cal
Mrs White & s. Phiia
L J Rowley, , Cal
D . C Tucker. Fresno
Dr J G Pierce, Cal
H S Johnson, Nebr
\V F Parker, L Ang
J Shirley &>w. Omaha
H K Robin, Chicago
C XV Calvin, Joplin
C W EasUn', Modesto
(i Nathlnson, Stockton
IT C Sessions, Cal
HOTEL ABRTVAiLS.
The followlne were the sales in the Paclfio
Stock Board yesterday: * ,
Mornlnsr Session.
400 Andes ¦ 10 BOO Gould & Curry. 57
500 Belcher ......... 11 15C0 Mexican 41
400 Best & Belcher 32 600 Mexican 40
1100 C C & Va....2 17V4 1200 Ophir <. 85
1850 C C & Va 2 15 200 Ophlr .84
300 C C & Va....2 12V4 6TO Ophlr 87
300 C C & Va 2 20 400 Ophlr 86
2C0 C C & Va....2 22V4 600 Savajre 13
200 Gould & Curry- Wf 800 Yellow Jacket.. 18
200 Gould & Curry. 69.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Jan. 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. BldYAsk.
Alpha 03 05 Justice -... OS 09
Alta ••'... 04 C6 Kentuck ....;.'. 03 05
Andes 10 11 Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher .10 11 Mexican 42 43
Best 8c Belcher 31 S3 Occidental 04 05
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr S7 SS
Caledonia 84 85 Overman ....... 15 17
Challenge Con. 16 IS Potosi 14 15
Chollar ......... 14 15 Savaee 18 19
Confidence *..... 65 CO Scorpion — 04
Con Cal St Va..2 20 2 23 S<?K Belcher.... 03 04
Con -Imperial... -01 02 Sierra Nevada. 2S 29
Con New York. 01- — Silver Hill...... 45 4S
Crown Point... 13 14!St Louis CS —
Eureka Con....-— 35JStandard .......4 00 —
Excha*fuer ." — 02[Syndlcate 09 11
Gould & Curry. 57 Z9[ Union Con...... 27 28
Hale &. Nor..;. 20 23 Utah CO 08
Julia ......:.... 01- 03 Yellow Jacket... 16 " 17
Allan and Margaret McDonald (by H. S. Mar
tin, late Sheriff) to J. J. Rauer. lot on S line
of Ellis street, 81:3 W of Buchanan, \V 25 by
5 120; ?1CS.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to William F. and Maggie EBan. lot on S
line of Orolden Gate avenue. 132:6 \V of Bu
chanan. W 27:fi by S 137:6; M000.
James F. McDonald to Martha M. McDonald,
lot on SW cornfT cf Hayes and Fillmore streets,
6 23 by W 106:3: also lot on K line of Illinois
Btrwt, 200 S of Xapa, S 36 by E 100; Rift.
Estate of Bmil D. Kosmbaum (by Sarah, no
iwbaum and J. B. Uankershlm, executory) to
Bernard Faymonville, undivided eighteenth of
lot on N line of Broadway. 167:6 E of Pierce
street. E 67:6 by N 137:6; J3S3.
Joseph Brandenstein et a!, to same, all In
terest in lot on N line or Broadway. 187:6 W
of Steiner. N 137:6 by "W 57:6; $7300.
Carrie llund to H>rtha Derndt, lot on W line
of Scott street, 112:6 N of Haight, N 25 by XV
100; rift.
Estate of R. H. Plummer (by Belle H. Plum
mer. executrix) to West Side Christian Church,
lot on N line of Bush 6treet. 137:6 E of Devls
adero. E 85 by N 137:6; $7275.
May Bloom (single) to Pauline It. Bloom
(mother), lot on B line or Broderlck street, 87:6
S of Paee, S 25 by E 107:6: Rift.
"William Schultz to Paulina Schultz, lot on XV
line of Capp 6treet, 185 N of Twenty-second, W
122:6 by N 30; itlft.
Mary M.- Braun (Coyte) (Ryan) and A. Braun
to FrancPFco f'avagnaro, lot on E line of Fair
Oaks street, 244 S of Twenty-second, S 32 by
E 117:fi; ?2m
Harriet Pras to Augusta Pra*. lot on S line
of Chestnut street, 137:6 E of I'owell, E 133 by
S 120; t7500.
Thomas W\, Katherine A., Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Silvio Lazzarlni and Giuseppl
Tocchini, lot on E line of Hyde, street, 112:6 S
of North Point. S 25 by E 112:6; 11500.
Mary Warren to Thomas Callan, lot on EE
line of Silver street, 325 8W of Third, SW 25 by
BE SO; gift.
Grace Koch to Frederick C Janastn, lot on
FE line of Mission street, 175 XE of Sixth, NE
45 by SE SO; $1.
Regrlna Weber (wife of Adolph C> and Alex
ander and Nellie Bond to Frank Smith, lot on
NW line of Tehama street, 80 NE of Ninth, NE
15 by NW 76: J1000.
Georco A. Douclasi to W. A. H. Krabben
hoft, lot on N line of Twenty-second street
(Blerra), 23 E of Minnesota, E 25 by N 81:8;
$1000.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
' LONDON, Jan. 12.-^It is rumored thn t
Sir William Butler. ¦will be appointed lieu
tenant general, commanding troops In
Canada in succession to Lord . William
Frederick. Ernest Seymour.
To Command Troops in Canada.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— Three men were In
jured, two probably fatally, by the explo
sion to-day of the main boiler In thts
Bldar & Morensey ; Mill Company's plant
at Oak Park. The injured: Isaac Pro
quener, Charles Fuss,.: serious; Herman
Beck, serious. The cause of the explosion
Is unknown. • . '...¦-"
Injured by ; Boiler Explosion.
OMAHA, Jan. 11.— Notwithstanding the
decision of the Grand Army not to hold its
encampment at Denver, the Chicago and
Northwestern has Just Issued notice to the
effect that it will make a 1 cent per mile
rate to Denver in case the encampment is
hold there. This action of the Northwest
ern Is harmonious with that previously
taken by the Union Pacific, Rock Island
and Burlington. It la now believed recon
sideration will be given the subject of
holding the encampment in Denver.
¦ ?'"' — . -. . ¦.'¦¦;
Reduced Rats Offered.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— Representatives of
the new American Iron and Steel Com
pany, practically formed here recently,
will meet at Ottawa for the opening of
Parliament, February 6, with the object
of securing, if possible, an extension of tho
period of the Canadian Iron ¦ and steel
bounty law. In view of tho immense
amount of capital Invested, Mr. Pew and
others hope that the bounty will be ex
tended an additional live years, or that
the Canadian Parliament will enact a pro
tective tariff on Iron and steel equivalent
to the present American duties.
Want Bounty Extended.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 11.— The Attor
ney General has brought a suit in the
Supreme Court to test the validity of per
petual franchises In Ohio. The case In
point Is that of the State against the Cin
cinnati Edison Electric Company, being
an action in ouster. The important fea
ture Is that th» Supreme Court will be
called upon to pass upon^ the perpetual
franchise claim of various corporations
in streets of municipalities.
Court Against Cincinnati Elec
tric Company.
Attorney General Brings Suit In Ohio
TO TEST VALIDITY
OF PERPETUAL FRANCHISE
A now refinery, to be operated in con
nection with the smelter of the American
Smeltinc and Refining Company, formerly
own«d by M. Guggenheim's Sons & Co.,
situated here, is being constructed. It
will have an output of G00.000 ounces of re
fined Filver per month, all of which will
b« coined at the Government's branch
mint to bo estaolished here.
•AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 11.— A dispatch from
Monterey, Mexico, saye: The Government
has taken step3 toward the establishment
of a branch of the federal mint in Mon
terey for the coinage of silver money.
Its Establishment at Mon
terey.
Mexican- Government Takes Steps for
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Jan. 11.— Three fore
men and twenty-three workmen were pre
cipitated into the MononRahela River to
day while loading? a barge with steel rails
for the Carnegie Steel Company at Brad
dock. Two men are known to have been
drowned nnd a third was injured so badly
that he died a short time later. One other
is miselnpr, and it is feared that his body
Is beneath the rails at the bottom of the
river. The dead are:
EDWARD DUFFY.
WILLIAM POPE.
PATRICK MALLY.
The accident was caused by the barge
collapsing owing to the heavy cargo.
BRANCH MINT FOR
COINING OF SILVER
Barge With Rails.
gahela River While Loading a
Gang Is Precipitated Into the Monon-
THB-EE WORKMEN ;
LOSE THEIB LIVES
Continued Prom Page Ten.
BANK STOCKS.
Angrlo-Cal Ltd 78 — Lon P & A....143 —
Bank of Cal..'— 413 Merchants' Ex 18 — ;
Cal 8 D & T..104 — S F Nat Bank.120 -
First Natlonl.310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. —1840 Sav & L. So.. — —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk..2T5 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 60 - — Union T Co... — —
S F' Sav U..610 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. - ~
California ....184 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-at ...... 45 — Presidio — 20
Market-Bt 65% —
POWDER STOCKS. -
California — 160 (Vigorit 8 3%
Giant Con Co. 84% 83»;l
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6V4 7 Kilauea S Co. 21& -
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makaweli S Co — 41 .
Honokaa S Co 30% — Onomea S Co.. 28 2SVi
Hutch S P Co. 23% — Faauhau S Co 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
At Pack Assn.l25H — Oceanic S Co. — 102H
Cal Fruit Aan.103%105 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.ioo — pac Bor Co 153 154
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co. 12'4 —
Mornlns Session.
Board— '
: 5 California Street Railroad 135 00
15 Honokaa Sugar Co... 80 7S
15 Market Street Railway 68 50
ICO Market Street Railway..... 6S 75
10 Oakland Gas 4962%
70 Paauhau S P Co... si 25
65 Pacific Gas Improvement 4S 62<4
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 7»'
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90... 45 25
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co, cash 45 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 25
• 6 Spring Valley Water 93 00
Street—
25 Giant Powder Con 8 1; 25
S1000 Hawaiian C & S Co Es 103 75
$3000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 102 00
1 Afternoon Session.
Board—
- 6 California Street "Railroad.... 135 00
60 Giant Powder Con. 55 00
10 Hutehinson S P Co *5 75
130 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 25
30 Oakland Gas 50 00
100 pnomea Sugar Co 28 00
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 50
110.000 S F & S J V Bonds 120 25
Street— /
60 Paauhau S P Co 81 23
$40,000 S F & S J V Bonds 120 25
$1000 United States 3s <reg) 110 00 -
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
> Board — - .
1300 California-Standard S3
3000 California-Standard . 1..'. 36
4000 California-Standard, b 80 40
20C0 California-Standard 33
500 Caribou 46
100 Caribou 45
1000 Fcur Oil Co 57
200 Home Oil 390
100 Home Oil 4 CO
25 Home Oil ! 3 95
300 Junction 70
100 Kern Oil Co 11 00
10 Korn River 16 S7<4
200 Lion Oil Co : 26'
4700 Lion Oil Co 27
200 McKlttrlck 37
200 McKittrick- Consolidated 29
700 Monarch of Arizona 79
450 Monarch of Arizona 78
4<h) Monarch of Arizona ." SI
300 Mont* Cristo C 10'
5 Oil City Petroleum 34 m
6C0 Petroleum Center 27
500 Petroleum Center, b 80 28
MjO Queen Esther 55
200 Queen Esther 50
500 Queen Esther 40
100 Repd Crude Oil Co 70
500 Reed Crude Oil Co...... • 63
3»00 Re?d Crude Oil Co 67
7100 Reed Crude Oil Co 6fi
10CO Reed Crude Oil Co, b 30 63
20 San Joaquln Oil & Development 12 25
80 San Joaquln Oil & Development VI 50
100 Sterling O & D Co 3 50
50 Sterling'O & D Co... 3 45
250 Twenty-eight 2 35
150 Twenty-eight 2 37Va
200 wolverine 175
ICO Wolverine 1 77&
100 Wolverine 180
Street—
200 Petroleum Center 28
200 Occidental or West Virginia 63
200 Continental „ 115
• Afternoon Session.
Board —
1RC0 Bear Flag B0
200 Caribou 47
500 Caribou RO
£00 Caribou 51
31.'. Four Oil Co 56
1300 Four Oil Co.... 57
l.'O Home Oil 4 00
50 Home Oil 3 93
200 Junction > 75
SCO Lion Oil Co , t\
200 Lion Oil Co .10
2000 Won Oil Co..... 2V
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 25
500 Monarch of Arizona, b SO 81
K0 Monte Cristo 2 10
200 Occidental of West Virginia 62
350 Petroleum Center 27
16C0 Petroleum Center, b 3 2S
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 66
2i00 Reed Crude Oil Co (57
3(w0 Reed Crude Oil Co 68
50 San Joaquin Oil & Development 12 7»
200 Sterling O i 1) Co, b 60 ,. 3 60
Street-
WOO I/on Oil Co 28
100 Thirty-three 12 Ort
COO Four Oil Co 57
100 Wolverine 185
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 11-2:20 p. m.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning: Besslon.
1400 Andes 09 1000 Mexican 49
200 Belcher 11 700 Ophlr K3
300 Belcher 10 200 Ophlr ?6
900 Chollar 14 400 Potosi 15
10CO Con Cal & Va..l 15 800 Sierra Nevada. 2*
300 Exchequer 01 200 Silver Hill 47
• 800 Gould & Curry. 67 400 Yellow Jacket.. IS
700 Mexican ..' 41 : 100 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 03 BOO Mexican '43
1100 Andes ...'. 10 600 Occidental 03
600 Belcher 11 600 Occidental 01
400 Best '& Belcher 32 200 Ophir 89
200 Caledonia *5 100 Potosi 15
200 Caledonia -84 900 Savage 18
100 Challenge Con. 17 300 8eg Belcher.... 03
200 Chollar 131 800 Sierra Nevada. 28
3r>0 Con Cal & Va..l 251 2C0 Union Con...... 27
200 Gould & Curry. 67' ¦ i
ATLANTA, Ga_, Jan. ll.-Dr. Herbert
H. McAuley of Chicago, who recently re
turned to the United States from South
Africa, where he was engaged In the Red
Crcs3 service, has written the Associated
Press from Marietta, Ga,. regarding his
claim of $100,000 Indemnity against the
Portuguese Government for alleged false
Imprisonment. The doctor says the re
port that the Secretary of State at Wash
ington cabled him at Paris not to talk
about the matter Is untrue.
"I did go to "Washington," writes Dr.
McAuiey, "before I agreed not to talk
about my case and was cordially received
by the State Department. I received in
structions how to .proceed in the matter,
and am now having the proper affidavits
made out and In a few days my demand
for $100,000 indemnity will be made."
The Atlanta Journal this afternoon
printed an amplified statement from Dr.
McAuley regarding the affair. Phe doc
tor says In part:
"On reaching Lourenzo Marques, where
I expected to take ship for Europe on my
way home. I was arrested by an officer
and marched to jail. I demanded to know
for what reason I was detained, out no
satisfaction was given me. The same
evening I sent word to Mr. Hpllls, the
American Consul, to come to. the prison
to see me and then to forthwith demand
my release, as I had violated neither the
laws of Portugal nor the obligation which
I had taken.
"The Consul refused to come or In any
way to Interfere or intercede In my be
half. , . ' . *
"After having remained in prison for
two days I was informed that I would
be released providing I would remain. In
the company of an officer until the time
for the next transport to sail for Eu
rope. This conditional offer I declined
to accept, and was ordered to jail at the
police barracks, a prison for political of
fenders. From there I was ordered into
the presence of the Governor of Lourenzo
Marques, who again ordered my release
conditionally as stated. This I again de
clined and was returned to prison.
"After having demanded all that an
American citizen couK. demand under the
circumstances, I again appealed to the
Governor to allow me one of three things
as an American cltizon: First, to be re
leased unconditionally; second, to be
given a fair trial; third, to be allowed to
cable our Minister at Lisbon, all of which
was denied, and the guard was ordered
to carry me aboard the transport.
"I then asked to be allowed to appeal
to the British Consul. This was also de
nied, but while on my way to the vessel
my friend and I determined to appeal to
the British Consul, and, despite tho pro
tests of the guard, we went to the Con
sul, who at first refused to interfere, say-
Ing that it would be discourteous to the
American Consul. After showing him a
letter which General Roberts had given
me and which convinced him of my ser
vices to the sick and dying of- his coun
try, he made a request of the Governor
General, and his request was granted. 1
•was returned to the prison again, until
the first vessel for Europe sailed, when
I was furnished a first-class ticket and
a sum of money, this money having been
sent to me by the Boer commander, Gen
eral Botha.
"When ordered from the prison to the
ship on which I sailed I was not per
mitted to get any of my personal effects
or property."
Dr. McAuley expects to go to Wash
ington in a few days.
Portuguese Officials Refused to Give
Him a Trial or Allow Him
tire Freedom of the
City.
Dr. Herbert H.McAuley Was
Held Prisoner at Lou
renzo Marques.
AMERICAN SUES
FOR INDEMNITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1901.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
13
STOCKS. Kid.
A*Ked.
.
American Fuel & Oil Co 25
Kuckborn —
I/ear Flag SO
California-Standard 3S
Caribou E2
Continental .; —
Dominion • —
Four OH Co SS
Knnford —
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River .. 42
Home Oil Co —
Independence 21.
Junction 73
Ktrn Oil Co 1100
Kern River . v 16 no
Men Oil Co 27
McKittrlck —
McKlttrlck Consolidated 23
Monarch of Arizona 78
Monte CrlFto 2 05
Oil City Petroleum 34 BO
Peerless 7 25
Petroleum Center ..*. 27
Peed Crude Oil Co 67
Senator 2 00
San Joaquin O. & D. Co 12 75
RterlinK O. & V. Co 3 40
Twenty-eight .' 2 33
West I^ake 25
W'«rt Shore '• : * 00
Wolverine ISO
Yukon —
3 25
39
.'4
1 2!)
50
57
121 00
47
3 93
22 .
11 25
16 S74
28
40
so
2 10
7 75
2S
6S
13 CO
3 50
2 40
4 2S
1 874
55
a. m.. 3:15. 8:20 p. rn. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 13:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 130S.
FARE , 50c.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEB3.
FOR I). S. NAVY YARD AHD VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticelio. " ¦
MON., Tues., "Wed., Thurs. and 8at at »:43
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW Y03K, 80OTHAMPT0U. L0SD0H. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Southwark Jan. 23 1 Kensington Feb. 15
Vaderland Jan. 30 St. Louis Feb. M
New York Feb. 6jNew York Feb. 27
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Ev»ry Wednesday. 12 Noon.
Pouthwark Jan. 2S N'oordland Feb. 59
Westernland ...Feb. 6 Fries land Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 13
UTTERNAT1ONAL g^AW^C^AST.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
AAAnnlftC (7 4>A HAWAII, 8AMQ4, KM
V Vvuiaa v o.<y> vv» CIR r CIU1 £ T 9 TA Hm
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
ao Friday. January 13. 2 P^ m...
SS " SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia
-Wednesday, January 23. at 9 p. m.
A^:f.^^:FSda?. ah FVbruary--.;-«pV m.
i D SPBECKELS k BEDS. CO., Omen! Apt}, 327 Hirkst St
Esn'l Passsnjsr Gtfica, 643 Karkst SI, Fisr lo. 7. faofls St
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSBEl •
SAN FRANCISCO AND NuRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEfcK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:35, 1:30.
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:S0
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 d. m:
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30, B:00,
6:Z0 p. m.
San Rafae! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:30. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
S:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 3:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 6:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above^
Leave t In" Effect I Arrtr*
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
"~\Veek I Sun- I I Sun- 1 Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Pars.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
J:S9 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm[10:25 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Vtosa. 7:35 pmj 6:12 pm
Fulton.
7:50 am Windsor, W:K am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm t:23 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j j ~~
I 8:00 *m| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:M pm
7:30 am . I 10:25 am
S:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:M pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma »:15 ami 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:06 pm| 8:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 8:32 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Eprlngs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdals
for the G«ysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riveratde. L,lerley*s, Bucknell's,
fc'anhedrln Heights. Hullville*. Orr's Hot Spring*.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport.. Usal.
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Sprlnji,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket- of fice, 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. R- X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITINO, Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
PANAMA R. R. TS?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
S. S. ROANCXE sails February 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont et., at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 339 Market st.
F. V. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0KFA0MIE GENS3ALS TRANSATLANT^QCS.
DIRECT LINE TO
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of «~jS3!£
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier tX -*•¦»»•
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. J55. and upward. Second claw to
Havre. 143 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). Sew York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold bv all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BATXWAY TBAVEL.
§Dr. Gibl>9n's Dispensary,
629 KE4RXY NT. Established
In 1954 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
<11s*ms«-wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnreswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* guaranteed. Callorwrito.
Dr. Jf. f . (ilUCOM. saa Francisco, Cal. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLBY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— €:55. 11:00 a. m,. *1:4J,
2:15. 4:00, 5:K>. «G:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 0:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS~*3:eo. M^OO, . »U:33 a. m., 1:H,
«:1S. »4:45. 6:S0, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:20. •«:*>. 7:4J. t:30 a. m..
•12:S0 1:<S. »3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
.EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. •8:00. 'lO^. »U:« a. ra.,
•1:40. «2;1S 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains niwrked <•) start from San Quentin.
FP.OM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK <DAYS-5:45. 6:43, 7:55, 9.10 a. m..
12:!3, 2:10.^30. 4:54. S:20 n. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:C5. 2:15. 3:39.
6:00, (:45*p. m. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. ra. Sundays- Tomales and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS..:. 9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:03, p. m.
SUNDAYS.... .:.8:00. 10;00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San ' Francisco ' to Summit and return.
II 40. . "^Wr
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAiaTJipw OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market st., Sausallto Ferry.
¦ - •¦ - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - /•¦¦- v ¦
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
XV. II. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
cornecting at Jlongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. N.0 cargo received on board on day oj
SS. HONGKONG XIARU
Thursday, January 24, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARIT
Tuesday, February 19. 1901
ES. AMERICA MARU
Friday, March 13, 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helrna and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
PARC $12 F'rst Class Including Berth
Infill $8 Second Class and Aleals
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. 23. Feb. I
GEO. XV. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. IS. 28
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
p 3 o :r, rr l .a-Istd
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
p. Steamers leave Broadway
H^. -wharf. San Francisco:
pfflw F*or Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m.,
I^*5^?V Jan - "¦ 1S> :1 - 2S - 31 - Feb - 5 -
K^OyffSS Cham?e to company' 3 steamers
5'2<MSLt4^^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
K^M^T- c ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
r ~~^^fiW£Em Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes,
*Bd New 'Whatcom (Wash.)—
It a. ra.. Jan. 11. If. 21. 28. 31.
Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan 8.
13. IS. 23, 28. Feb. 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diesro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port I-03 Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. 'Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
Eteamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Matrdaiena Bay, Bar* Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosall*
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right t» Changs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel}.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
HOl'THKItN rAVIVIU llonrilT.
' (PACIFIC alSTCM.)
TrstlsM l«i»»« nuil nr« Uim l« nrrlv* «l
NAN FltANl'IJll'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lcatb — Fboic Jawuart L 190L — arbitb
7:80a Benlda, fiulaun, Elmlrt, Vas»f tUa,
Rumssy and 8»cr»monto 7i43r
7:3OADaTla, Woodlmnd. Knights Landing,
Muyatille, Orutill'. 7t43p
7sS0a Atlantic Kxptess— Ogden and East 12: Mr
»:•« a Martiuez, S»n lUmou, Vultejo. N»pa,
Callstoga and Santa Rosa fltlSp
8:OOa NIU'i, liTermors, Tricy, Lathrois
Stockton • • 7»13p
S:3U a Shasta [ Tpre»i—Da»is. WiUUm* (for
Daxtlett Sprliip). Willows, Ked
Bluff, Portland. 7:13r
¦ iSOA San .lose. Llfermore, Stockton,
lone. HmcrmiBUto. PlacerrUlB.
M»r>i!»Hl».. Chico. Itert nin« -iilSr
¦iSOa Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4tl3r
1»:<>0a Hayw*rUs, Nilesand Way8Utiont. IImSa
«:0W a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Traoy, Latlirop, Stockton. Meroed
Fresno aud Lc« Anzoles 7<13p
»i»Oa Vallejo. Martinez and War Stations D:«3r
IU:OUa The Oterlantl Limited— Ojden, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago 0s4J?
1 1 :00a Kll-fi, Stockton, Maeramento, Meo-
dota, Fresno, Hauford, Viialla,
PorterTllIs 4«l3r
IIiOOa LiTermore, BaDger, Oothen Juno-
tlon, Bskersfield, Loe Angeles .....
4l:00r Sacramento Kirer Steamsr* t^iOOA
3:00p Hayward*. Nile* and Waj BUtlon*. »i*3p
4:WUp Martlnex. Hau JUmou. ValUlo.
Na|.a. Oallnkngn. Hanta Itoaa l»il»»
4i«Op Beuicla, Winters, fiaorameuto.
Woi.illami, KulguU Landing,
Mary«Tllle, OroTllle IOUIJa
•liSOp Haywards, Nile* and Ban Jose...... t;»4»a
O:OOr Niles. LiTormore, Stockton, liodl ... IOi45a
a3:00p Huof et Limited, El Paao, New
Orleans and Rut c10:I3a
S-.OOrTha Owl Llmlted-Traer. Fiesuo.
BakersQeld. Haugus for Sauta Bar-
bar*. I«s Angeles ". 1»«1»A
3:OOr New Orleanc Express— Hakersfleld.
Hanta Barbara, I^js Angeles. l)em-
Ing, El I*uo, New Orleaus aud
E M t 7»<1a
«:oop Haywards, Nilesand San Jois .T'iiJ*
IKtUUi- Vallejo •-• Il«434
«iO«r Oriental Mall-Ogden. Cheyenne. (
Omaha, Cliicago 13il3p
0:00r Oriental Mail-OBden. Denrer.
Omaha. Chicago. «il3r
TiOOp Oregon and California ICipreu.Haa-
nuuauto. M«r»..llle. Kml.tlnn.
ruitluinl, riigek Hound and Kaat SI43A
Hi«5pSaa P»blo, Fort C'o«ta, Maxtlnei
and Way Stations 11»«a
t«;O3p Valli-lo 7»43p
COAST IHVISION (Narrow Uaase).
(Foot of Markut Street.)
¦ :l3ANetTark,Oeiitenllle.8auJo«o,FHton,
BouUerOreek.SautaOriiiauawray
SUtlona ••••• •'»•'
t»«l»p Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose New
AluiadeD, Feltoa, HnuMwr Cr«ek,
Santa Crux and 1'rlnoipal Way
SUUOUS fl«l3«JA
4>l»p Newark. 8»n Jone. LosOatoa SsSOa
oWxSOp Hunten' Excursion. San Jo»« and
Way Stations t«:»«r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmsii rsmcisco— r»t «r H»ck«i tUMt(Sii r i)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:03 5:33 r.«.
fromOilUIB— /nl »rBr«iwij.— 1«;00 18:00 tSKIS
10;00*.V. 12:00 2:03 1:03 5:18f.H.
COAST DIT1KIOH (Uroail Uauga).
(Thlnl nnd Towmeml Sts.)
1«:I«A Oceau View, South San Krauclaco.. 1«::»<»r
7:OOa Han Jo«o »i><l Way Sutl.ms (New
Almaileu We<lne«da»sonly) li*OP
BtvOA Kail .lose. Trea I'lmn, Hunt* Crm. -
racilic CJroiB. 1'aso Ituble*. Kan
l.nla Olilnpn, Hiirf. IiOOipoO aud
l'rlncl;al Way Stations 4iIsj?
IOi4»a 8an Ji>«« and Way Statloui 2"?J*
I l:»OA Sau Joan mi.l Way Station* ...•••.• »>-«OP
4'41-iapSaii Slati-o. lledwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos. SauU Crux. 8allnas,
Monterey and Pacific GroTo flOsHW*
t:tiS»r Han.Io»oand Way Stations .!?'
f^jISp San Joieau.l Principal Way Station* »:43a
i.t:ourSan Jo««, Los Gatos and riiuoipal
- WaySUtions t»:0«*
3:30p San Jme au<l Principal Way Statlou* »:»3»
«:»op San Jose ami WayStatious i»:Ol» A
ollt43pSan Jose and Way Station! »»»r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday eicepted. . t huuday only.
a Mondays, Wednesdayg, Fridays.
c Tutadiys. Thursdays. Sondaji. -
a Saturday only. t
IIOOMS FOR _HOU SEKEEPIXG.
XT^Pc-VLT 2SJ. North Beach— Furnished for
houV. -kerpirir. eunny corner house, quiet
r.eigT-V-crhood-
EDT ,Y*~K3_Fror.t rocnis. complete fcr house-
ketpirg^
_«> ?4J— Housekeeping and other sunny
fr*ocaa: rmt ree.gona.blc.
t-t»TH *«B — Front *u*.te of rooms and
k'Y-Vcr.: furnlEheJ fcr housekeeping: bath.
p^ T yc~~i~>_ House keep! rjt rooms and others;
bath:' *untr- .
L-frra _j enrner Larkin— Elnrle furnished
' E«s stove; Welsbach Ugrfit; week or
pcsti.
i-or <=r>M, 2*4? — I or 4 warvny rooms; cas etove;
r! ' ;,¦*;; without children.
y ifjiTH, rt5— Nice large housekeeping room.
w;:h lar^e c'.oset; rent reasonable.
tTol.rinN OATE avo.. CT2 — Sunny bay-window
m;;:p ot S rooms: ra*, running water; reason.
-¦\Tn CJ . <C:'— Large furnished front room with
u*-e of kitchen.
OAK. 11$— One very cunny room, furnished for
h^-sekeepln«; stove, closet, water; J$.
I'LK. 122— Unfurciehed and famishes room*
for housekeeping.
TVILLOW. 10. oJT I^arkin. near Eflfly — I rooms
for general housekeeping; no children; $12.
A BHANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fuhecriptlona has been e«tab'.4shed at 1C94
Valencia ef.
UOOMS TO LET — Pnrn. nnd Infarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. S21 Orar.t ave.-^Best dol-
lar a day ftniily hotel in c'.ty; polite attend-
ance; ia:j, rocine- ; modern conveniences;
rooms 60c up; first-class mea'.s 25c; f/ee coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms 25o
to Jl per r.ltrht; tl 25 to $5 per week, and Ucht
houwkeef.lr.g: open :.:t night.
brRXKTT. 1«« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
n'.shed rms., suites. Blngle; also unfurnished.
Bi:?H. .'20 (T. be EUO— XtoeJy furnished tunny
rat: day. t:-? up; wk. tl :.O up. Mrs. P. Hanft.
CLARA. MIA— Surny front room with use of
tath. Jl 15 per week.
•¦("•LINTON." 17 Polk. nr. Mkt.— Finely fum..
en euite. elr.Kle; reasonable: hot. cold water.
i:l.KGANTLY furr.lsbed rooms at reasonable
iricfs; crr.tral; at th» Warren. 4th & Jessie.
rLLlS. ?4S— Larpe front room for 1 cr 2 gen-
tlemen : rent reasonable.
i:iJ>IP. 705— Newly furnished room; private
fam'.lr: BW of piano and rarW; $7.
FOISQM. rrs— Large bay-windew fror.t room,
nicely furnished with all conveniences, for 2
jrer.tlernen; private family.
GEARY. 406 (The~NaT-s.rre>-EIesar.tly furnished
rms; rultes or clnirie; travelers accommodated.
GTtAXD POtTHERN. F/vjtheast corr.er Seventh
*ni Mission ftp.— Funny rooms, en FUite or
Klnp>; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
JESSXB, 1O. Vtmr Fifth and Market— Furr.lshed
roon-.p. t* and 15; housekeeping. 19.
L»S PAIAJAS 1K0 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrns; private; fcath: sin. rms; board optional.
I.nns plare. If— Furr.lfhed end unfurnished
room to l*t: Firple cr ea suite.
VINNA. ST7 bet. Si anfl «th cXew Tork House)
-Siryrle, drub!* ar.fl housekeeping rooms.
MIF?I<"*N. e:? 1 * — C'ean furnished rooms. W".
3. JOXES. prcprietoT.
JCEW ARLINGTON", 1«5 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rcmis, 12 a week tip; £5c a day up.
OTARBEXi* IP— Sunry furnished rooms and
. ot&oemi r>\-ator: electric lights: day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELXj, 814A— Beautifully furnished mn-
ry front rr>oms; reasonable.
<"'¦FAP.RKI.T-. S?3 — Cozy room for centlenoan;
rem r»ason»h!».
R.OFEDA—E House, U-Cl Ellis St.— Rooms,
r. chr. tie to $1; week, tl 25 to J4: open night
r,OTAL House. 128 E'!is tt. — Incandescent IlgnX:
r^&dlr.p-rootn, STr.'V.np-rooTn ar.d la/lies' par-
lor; r^orns, per clrtt, £5e to Jl BO; week, %2 to
I*: month. t3 to $W; elevator on ground floor;
ronma- with two* — ?4 cold water; baths.
FHKRMAN Apartment House. S3 Eigrhth. rt..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
ft'TTnR, ZZ'j'-rt— Changed hanfls; newly reno-
vated; r :-g> roods. JS: suites. S12 to ttS no.
TATI^OR. EirB — Bay-window parlor; piano,
prste; ~s-*; ?!!; large eunny rooms, tl9 and J6.
VAN NT^S ave.. 1401 asfl 14C8. NV 7. cor. Bosh
— n!e#rant runny suites Rnd apartments for
housekeeping; private baths; telephone: elec-
tric lljrhts; ran a!l day; e&s ranges; runningr
»ater !n every rocm: will be arrar.ged, clean-
el, painted and r.ewly furnished to suit.
A BRANCH office for Call adx-ertlsements and
fubtcrirtlor.B has been established at 109*
Valencia, «t-
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
fjbscrirtlons has been established at 10?«
VaTen<*la rt.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the oM Ftevenson mans'en. opp» Grace
CTrarfJi, with annex ?07 Caltforr.ia St., may
b» ro-:r.a a m^t excertionally rood tab>. at-
tii'-'vp t>."A fichtly rnoms at modest rateg.
ROOMS AM* BOARD WANTED.
MOTHEP. and dauchtT desire 6unny suite with
b^ard. in private faitily, centrally located.
Hr.x 1072. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — L£*rht housekeepingr rtom bounded
by Polk. Powell. Poet and Market sts.; or
from 4th to 12th on Mission or Howard; pri-
¦«-at<» family preferred; price J8. Box 1063,
Cr.M.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby fflvej notice that they have
admitted Into the Orphanage from July 1. l!»&0.
to December SI. IWKt, the following named or-
f-hans and half-orrhane, boys and girls:
Katie Stfin. 12 yrs. 2 mos.; Julia Stein, 10 yn.
F. mos.; Ida Ftein. S yr». 3 mos.: A. H. Frank.
11 5T*. S mas.; Una Frank, 10 >-r»>. ; Freder-
ick Behergall. 30 yr»<9 mos.; Dora Lev>-. 9
yrr. ' mat. ; Louis Jje\~y, 7 yrs. 10 mos. ; Jacob
Fhapbraa. U yr«. 3 mop.; Sam Phaphran. S
rra.; Annie Sharhran, 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Esther
F rmaa. 10 yrs. I mcs.; Etta Forman. 7 yrs.
* moa.; Bertha Fnrman. S yrs. 2 mos.; Motile
Forman, 2 yrs. 6 rnoe.; Frank Shnphran, 4 yn.
F ir. r '?.; Mars' Laser. 8 yrs. 3 mos.; Augusta
I^vr, f. yrs. 11 mos. ; Celia Laser, 10 yrs. 9
rr. :?.
JfOTICE is bctebr clvpn that th» Maria Kip
639 Lak» rt.. Pan Francisco. Cal .
hs» rrceivefl \bt> fallowing- oi-phans, one-ha'f
<Trhar »nd 8>T.T)i5one<J pirlF from Oct 1
l'*\ to .Ian. 1. isoi. Kltzai-ieih M. Godwin. 8
vfS'f 4 Btnntte; Mah^l G<v!w-in. 7 years 6
mrnthf: G'«r-o e c,<vjwln. R yearf. Ilildreth
<^!ark. IS veers: I-Illian Tl. 1Vo«vl. 11 years 2
month*: TIthel Wood, s yevrv 7 month*: Lau-
ra Srfcultz, 9 yearf< 6 months; Myrtle M«"J!en
11 year* 2 month*; Hazel W. \Ve*t. B years;
Zerneww K. Blyth, 9 rr-arr € months: "Kd'.th
M. cirthler. S years 7 months; Ruth Clothier,
S j-nni B months.
P.AD tenant* ejected for M: roll«>rticns made-
dry r, T rour.try. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41F Mnrtr^TTirry rt.. rooTnc J-10: tel. E5*9.
lEWISQ MACHIXE* AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL k!n<!* bouirht. sola and repairing ruaran-
te»d. Chariest Plamtoeek, ISIS Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bourht. eold. rented, exchan^rd, re-
paired; open even.; phene Black 1124. S05 4th.
BnfGHT. sold, rented, repaired: needles and
rhuttles; redueed rates. 145 «th; phone Mint B.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
nrRCE-P.ODOLPH Ptort^« and Moving Co.;
office. rc«t and Powfll sts.; tel. Main E713.
V.ILFON BHO^.. «tnra?e and movlnjr: covered
vs.nfi. T»r.th end Markt-t; phone South 762.
HFTKIN'P V»n and Ptorape Co.. 7Zt Mission et.:
te|. Main JWP; at rut rates.
TELEPHONES "
TKLEPHOXE8, hoi»» rr private lines. J4 60 a
ft; elertriral work lriFtsJIi»d. 1536 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
CUKAT BARGAINS IN TTPnWRITERS^wi
f\l better machines for !e»a mon»y than any
fc'-us* In the '¦Sty; rentals, 13. Th» Typewriter
nxchar.ge, C36 California: telephone Main 288.
ALWAYS bargains In "typewriter*; any make.
. Wrlte for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
11" Montcomery et. --\ -..
DIVI»C:.VD NOTICES. ~~
KIVIDEJCD notice— DUidend No. 17 ftw^nty-
fi"> cents per share) of the Kilauea Su»rar
Plantation Oo. will b» payable Bt the office
of the company. CJ7 Market et.. on and after
TCEKDAY, January 1.".. \'M>\. Transfer books
<los»d on Thursday. January l n . at 2 o'clock
p. ra. E_ II. SHELDON, Secretary.
1'IVIDENn NOTICE.— The Nevada National
Hank of San Francisco. — At a regular meeting
nf the Board of Director* of this Bank, held
January 8, 13C1, a dividend was declared for
the half-year, ending 21st J>eccmber. 1SC0, at
the rate cf sevca <T> per cent per annum, pay-
tbl<? on and after the ISth lnet. Transfer
t -.t-l.e will be cloned from tbe ltth to the lllh
inst., both flays inclusive.
GEOUGK GRANT. Secretary.
JcnaKry ». IS01.
JJlVin'nND NOTIct— Tjl\'ldend No. F7 {twen-
ty-five rent* per nhcre) of the Hutehinson
Fufiar 1'lantation Company will !>e payable
et the offlce of the curepany. S27 Market et.,
ran Francisco. Cal.. on and alter Monday.
, —'¦¦¦:• 2L 1S01. TranBter book* close on
•«' Tuettday. Jusuarr IS. J>OL at S oVlock-p. m.
E. II. FHELDON. Secretary.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness. Ban Francisco, Cal.— Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors, held oa the 17th day of December.
1900. aa assessment. No. 3, of one (Jl) dollar
per scare was levied upon the capital stock
of the corporation, payable Immediately In
United States gold coin, to the secretary, at
the office of the company, 527 Market street,
San Ftancisco. Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the SOth day of January.
19C1. will be delinquent and advertised for
tale at public auction, end unless payment ts
made before, will be sold on Tuesday, the
ISth day of February. 1901. to pay the de-
linquent assessment, together with the «xt
of advertising and expenses or sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at 227 Market street. San
Francisco. Cat.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
Ssjj Francisco. Cal.— Notice Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors,
held on the 17th day of I>ecember. 1900. an
assessment. N'o. It, of nine (J?) collars per
ehare was lwvled upon the capital etock of the
corporation, payable Immediately in United
States gold coin, to the secretary, at the of-
fice of the company. 827 Market street. San
F An^ 1 stoW C $£on wTilch this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the SOth day of January.
i«0L will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless Payment
Is made before will be sold on Tuesday, the
19th day of February. 1901. to pay the de-
linquent assessment, together with the cost
of advertising and expenses^ -gg^^
Francisco. Cal.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
vesterday:
* Albert P. RagaJa. 21, 65 Brosnan street, and
Lena Vmrel. 35. Uvermcre.
John A. KykUeek. 84. 130 Bernard street, and
-,_'. j pitterley, 27. S26 Minna street.
Michael Ourran. £», city, and Nellie O*Sul-
Ilvnn, U. city.
Thomas P. Robb. 89, city, and Eleanor In-
nfps 20. Clilcaso.
Harry O. Sherwood. 21, 737 Thirteenth street.
and I^Lura Khret. 20, 737 Thirteenth street.
John F. rhiff, SO, 1*« Fair Oaks street, and
Cora. F. Bendor. 19. 112 Tehama street.
William W. Paling. 31. Pocatello, Idaho, and
Fffle G. Bayhouse. £S. Hoise. Idaho.
John L. Jensen, tfi. 5P1A Xatoma street, and
Mary A. Anderson, IS, 116 Xatoma Ftreet.
Peter Petersr.n, S6, Suisun, and Maria A.
Yolo, It, Fulsun.
John Gerdts. 25, 2319 Jactaon street, and Mar-
tha a. Podil. 19. "712 Sacramento Ftreet.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b* Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
cons authorized lo have- the same published.
BORN.
BEAUCE-In this city, January 9, 1301. to tho
wife of Eugene A. Beauce. a daughter.
KUGEL— In this city. January 6. 1901, to the
wife of Jacob Kugel. a daughter.
LICHTEXBERG— In this city. January 8, 1S01,
to the wife of Edward LJchtenbers, a daug-h-
~* 5IAKBIED.
BOYSON— ARNBERG— In this city, January 8.
1501. by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud. John C.
Boyson and Idith Amberg. both of San Fran-
cisco.
JOSEPH— KOFOED— In this city. January 7.
1301. by the Rev. O. Groen6bers. Harry It.
¦I. ppph and Ethel M. Kofoed.
DIED.
Consonno. Paul M. Kindred, Kate P.
Cummln^s, Sarah Koch (Ccok), Wm.
nallamore. Elizabeth I^aneerrnann. H. F.
De Groof. Jennie Liebig. Robert F.
Oesmond. John Meehan. Peter
Ponr>hue, John Moulthrop, Mrs. C.
Er.sdahl. Arthur W. Price. MIsb Mary B.
Faraday. Jeanie B. Redlnrton, Francis
Fan-Is. CaDt. John Roberts, Abraham
Foge Christian Robinson. Geo. H.
Ford. Matthew W. Schuster. PhillD
Forsell, Elfrida M. Smith. Alice M.
Gee. Mllllcent Smith. Edward S.
Jamison. John W. Smith. Joseph W.
Johnson. Mary Speller. William R-
Kearney. James
CONSOKXO— In this city, January W. 1901.
Paul M. Consonno, beloved husband of Hen-
riette Consonno, a native of Italy.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Punday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence S65 Greenwich street, between Mason
end Taylor. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
CUMMINGS— In this city. January 11. 1901,
Parah Cummincs, a native of Ireland, aged
€1 years.
DALLAMORB-In Oakland, January 10, 1901,
Elizabeth Dallamore, beloved mother of
George C. Frederick J. and Mark Dallamore,
a native of Bath. England, aged 60 years 11
months and 12 days. *
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o" clock, from the parlors of
r-harle* J. B. Metzler. 63S Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DE GROOF— In this city, January 10, 1SC1, Jen-
nie de Groof. beloved sister of Mrs. F. Ed-
wards a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., ased 33
years 'o months and 3 days. (Brooklyn. N.
V., papers please copy.)
ETFYiends and, acquaintances are respec' -
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(<?tur<3ay). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlor? of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Gemetery.
DKPMOND- In this city, January 9, 1301, John
Des-nond. a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
t7FrI?nds and acquaintances are rcspe<U-
fuT'.y Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from Bt, Rose's Church. Bran-
nan street, near Fourth, where a requiem
1i!2-h mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Hoiy Croes Cemetery- Remains at the
parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllis-
ter street.
DONOHUE— In the City and County Hospital.
January 11. 1901. J"hn Donohue. a native of
Massachusetts', aired 47 years.
ENGDAHL— In this city. January 11. 1S01. Ar-
thur W. ETisrfiahl, beloved son of Swan and
Ellis Engdahl. aped 1 month.
FARADAY-In this city. January 10. 1901.
Jeanie B. Faraday, beloved daughter of Dan-
eil and Annie Mclntyre, and sister of Mrs.
Knuik Rowe and Archie. Arthur and Walter
Mclntyre. a native of Vallejo. Cal.. aged 17
years 2 months and 24 days. (Sacramento and
Vallejo. Cal.. papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late rem-
.{.¦'-'¦r- ~2* Hoff avenue, off Sixteenth street,
l^tween Mission and Valencia. Interment Cy-
Iirers Lawn Cemetery.
HARRIS— In Alameda. January 11. 1901. Cap-
tain John R. Farrtf. beloved husband of Har-
rl"t F IJ Karris, and father of Edward R-
,.n1 Homer R. Fan-Is, -a native of Virginia,
8"e<l 75 vears.
CTTrienflp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:39 o'clock, at the
residence. 7S0 Railroad avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
FOGE— In this city. January 10. 1901, Christian
Fop». dearly beloved son of Mathias and
Margarethe Foge, and beloved brother of
Mrs. C. Daehnke. Mrs. D. von der Mehden,
Mrs. B. Bruse, Mrs. H. Mohr and«John M.,
Jacob. Wilhelm, Freda and Amalle Foge, a
native of Hanover, Oermany, aged 20 years
and 10 daj-s.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Unlon-equare
Hall. 411 Post street, where services will b«
held under the auspices of the Hannoveraner
Vereln. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors, of H. P.
Maass, 917 Mission street.
FORD— In this city, January », 1901. Matthew
W. Ford, a native of New Tork, aged 63 years
S months and 17 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission, street.
Intermert Saa Francisco National Cemetery,
Presidio.
FORgELL— In this city, January 10, 1901. El-
frlda M.. beloved daughter of Gus and Hilda
Fprpfll. a natl\-<» of San Francisco, acred 6
months and 19 days.
C^TTrlPnas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parent*. 221V4 Clara street, near
Fifth. Interment M^nt Olivet Cemetery.
GEE-In this city. January 11, 1901, Mllllcent
' Gee. beloved wife of Thomas O<*. and mother
of Alfred and Earnest Gee of San Francisco
and Arthur Gee of England, a native of Eng*
land, aged 77 years 11 months and 4 days.
(CTRemains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 818 Mason street, be-
tween O*Farrell and Geary.
JAMISON— In, Haywards. January 10. 1901. John
William Jamison, -father of Homer H. H.,
Lore'.na and L. Mabel Jamison, aged 70 years.
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
ftilly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late home.
Interment Pen Lorenzo Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 11. 190L Mary,
beloved dauehter of Andrew and the late
Farah P. Johnson, and beloved sister of Ray-
mond Johnson, a native of San Francisco.
bf«<". « years 6 months and 7 days.
E7FTlen<5s and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
SO Fifth *t-. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 60.
* UNITED UNDERTAKERS, !
ft and 2J Fifth «t. Tsi. South 187.
rCKERAL DIRECT0R3 AND EMBALHERS.
r*!neyt Equipment at' Moderate Rates.
ICTFriends «nd acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. and companions of the Loyal
I^elon are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from B'nal B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Lincoln Post N>.
1, G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
Remains at funeral parlors of Porter &
White. 122 Eddy street.
SCHUSTER-In this city, January 11. 1901.
Philip, beloved husband of Esther Schuster,
and father of Louis P., Arthur F. and Bertha
A. Schuster, a native cf Germany, need to
years 7 months and 25 days.
6MITH— In this city. January 11. 1901. Alice
Margaret Smith, beloved daughter of Patrick
and Mary Smith, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 11 months.
SMITH— In this city. January 10, 1301. Edward
: Putton Smith, husband of Lucy 8mith, and
son of Mrs. L. B. Ayres and the late A. J.
Smith, a native of California, aged 35 years
1 month and 6 days. A member of the Team-
sters' Union.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at Y o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
1 pany. 2<23 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SMITH-In this city. January 10. 1901, Joseph
W.. beloved son of J. v R. and the late Mary
A. Smith, and brother of Thomas J., John J.,
Charlie. George and the late Martin F.
Smith, a native of Ht. Louis, aged 33 years.
ITT^Friends' and acquaintances "are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his .parent*. 620 Bryant street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, for services- at 10 o'clock.
InUrment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPELLER— In this city,' January 10, 1901, WIN
Ham R- Sweller, a native of London, aged 43
years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at in o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
I Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CT Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of II. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In, this city, January 9, 1901.
(!eor?e H.. beloved husband of Laura J, Rob-
inson, and father of Fred R... Harry A.,
James H. and George V. Robinson and Mrs.
de la Fontaine, a native of Shullsberg. Wis.,
aged R3 years 7 months and 4 days.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
"residence. 262 Fell street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, near Howard,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
tery.
ROBERTS— In this city, January 9. 1901, Abra-
ham RobertB, a native of Pittsburg, Pa., agred
70 years.
lC7"Funeral services to-morrow (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at A. Brown's undertaking parlors,
• Oakland. . • .
REDINGTON— In this city. January 9. 1901.
Francis, dearly beloved husband of Marsaret
Redlngton, loving father of Annie and Katie
Redtngton, Mrs. W. P. Blake and Mrs. Peter
Ke'.ly Jr.. and brother of Joseph Redington.
a native of Kings County, Ireland, aged 61
yearn and 5 months.
IC7"Funeral services will be held at her late
residence, 830 Bush street, to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock. Friends are invited to the
house. Interment private.
PRICE — In Bt. Luke's Hospital, January 11,
1901, Miss Mary B^lle Price, aged 44 years.
ITyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
Monday, January 14. at 9 o'clock, from his
. late residence. 1947 Stockton street, near
Chestnut, thence to St. Francis Church,
where at 10 o'clock a solemn requiem hleh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGERMANN— Near Aptos. January 6, ,1901.
Herman F. Langermann. beloved husbaad of
Mary Langrermann, and father of Herman.
Christian and Gustav Langennann, a native
of Germany, aced 69 years and 6 months.
LJEBIG— In this city. January 1L 1901. Robert
F.. infant son of Kate and Captain diaries
Emil Liebisr, and brother of Geonje and the
late Alice Liebifr. a native of California, aged
10 months and £2 days.
MEEHAN— lo this city, January 1L 1901. Peter,
beloved husband of Mary Meehan, and father
of Sarah and Rose Meehan and Mrs. J. T.
McGrath. a native of Ireland, aged "3 years.
(Providence, R. I., papers please copy.)
tGTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1513A Ho-n-ard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, thence to St.' Joseph's Church
• for services at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MOULTHROP— In this city. January 10. 1901.
Mrs. Carrie Moulthrop. wife t>f C. W. Moul-
throp. V
fcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 7:S0 o'clock, from- tho parlors
of H. T. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eirhth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church for services at i o'clock.
• Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
KINDRED— In AstCTla, Or.. January 8, 1901,
Kate P. Kindred, aged'EO years.
KOCH (COOK)— In this city. January II. 1901.
William Koch (known "a» William Cook).
<Jearly beloved husband of the. late Margaret
Kocn, father of Mrs. Mary Zwick and Wil-
liam and Charles Koch, and grandfather of
Nelson' and Grace Zwick and William, Ma-
mie and Annie Cook, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 83 years.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. Emma Peterson, 1107C Folsom street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. "
KEARNET— In Oakland. January 9, 1901,
James, beloved father of John J. and Mamie
Kearney, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
acrd 64 years. ; .
San Francisco. Leaves
w • ¦ o j every morning
I itnilPn at 9 o'clock.
JLllllliWU • See the Ticket
Agent at 641
Market street.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
! Local Llm'd Ovrl'd | Local
Dally. Daily. Daily, j Dally.
Lv. San Fran.) 7:20 a S:CO a 8.00 p 4:» p
Ar. Stockton . 10:23 a 11:43 a 11:03 p 7:25 p
•* Merced .. 12:!5 p 1:17 p 1:13 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0S a
" Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
11 Tular» ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksnetd . «:50p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p »:0O p
J a for inorninj. p for afternoon.
J:00 a. ra. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleepins Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicaso. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of loca!
first class passergers. No second c!s?s
tickets are honored en this train. C"o«-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. rr.. dally.
4:20 p. rr». is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing; train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. ts the Overland Express wit)-
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Recllnlne Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:Sfi p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
respondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— *41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1119 Broadway, Oak-
land.An Unrenearsed Scene Takes Place in "Cinderella" at the Tiyoli
and Hartman as Buttons Does an Old Trick With Such
Realism That Only Good Luck Prevents an Awful Tragedy
FERRIS HARTMAN BURIES A WOODEN AX
IN THE HEAD OF FRED KAVANAGH AND
QUICKLY PUTS HIM HORS DE COMBAT
ACTOR KAVANAGH IS SERIOUSLY
BUT UNINTENTIONALLY IN
JURED BY FERRIS HARTMAN.
The rooms of the Ethical Institute In
the Flood building were formally opened
last night, and from now on they will
be open day and evening to the members
and friends of the society. The welcom
ing address was delivered by James G.
Maguire, president of the institute. He
was . followed by Dr. Long, who briefly
narrated the history of the association
and outlined plans under consideration
looking toward its further enlargement.
The musical portion of the programme
was furnished by . Professor, Herman
Genss, D. N. Lawrence and Miss Blanche
Husted.
The Sunday evening 1 lectures of the In
stitute will be resumed on the 3d prox.
at Metropolitan Hall, and weekly meet
ings will be held Thursday night at head
quarters.
ETHICAL INSTITUTE
OPEUS ITS NEW ROOMS
Members Secure Convenient Quarters
for the Society in the Flood
Building.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
Learn What Are Their Be
ligious Duties.
"The Future of Relf'gion" was the sub
ject of an address by Rabbi Nleto at the"
synagogue at Post and Taylor streets last
evening. He eloquently dwelt on the man
ner in which religion Is practiced at the
present time and compared It with the re
ligion as practiced in Biblical times. He
stated that the world -was in need of a
true religion in every sense of the word;
not one as represented by building costly
houses of worship or the attendance In
these buildings on stated occasions. True
religion and the religion of the future
must be practical and not theoretical. We
must have something with which to train
our religious feelings and find some active
work to do and do it.
The claim for a new religion which must
be practical was not. however, a new idea.
It dated back to the time of Israel. The
true religion can be found in the Bible,
for it held out no hopes which cannot be
realized by man. To be honest and Just,
pure and moral, that your days may be
prolonged in the land, is the idea of the
future religion, and these precepts are to
be found in the sacred writings. Skepti
cism had so crept in that we must come
back to a reasonable acceptance of tho
ancient doctrines.
The writers of the Bible would not to
day recognize their work, so much have
the writings been twisted. While people
are willing to pay a large sum to hear
modern poets expounded and explained
they are not willing to pay for an ex
planation of the Bible. That great book,
venerated by countless millions, was less
thought of to-day than the writings of
modern poets. Sermons were but the ex
planation of a single thought- It rests
with the people to think 'out the problems
of the future religion.
At the Temple Emanu-El on Sutter
street the regular Friday night service
was held last evening, but Rev. Dr. Voor
sanger did not deliver an address.
RABBI NLETO SPEAKS ON
"THE FUTURE RELIGION"
Men and Women Must Themselves
Marriages and Divorces.
County Clerk Deane yesterday Issued a
statement of the number of marriage cer
tificates issued and divorce cases com
menced in the city and county of San
Francisco during the period from January
2 to December 21, 1900. The number of
marriage certificates Issued was 3533.
while the mismated couples who desired
legal separation were 1043.
John E. Bennett and their client, Wong
Chung, made another legal assault on
Federal Quarantine Officer J. J. Klnyoun
yesterday by filing an amended complaint
In the action against the Quarantine Of
ficer and the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany In the United States Circuit Court,
reciting that the steamship company and
Dr. Kinyoun have refused to deliver to
Wong Chung a cargo of Chinese food
stuffs " and other things shipped from
Hongkong on November 17, although the
vessel had been granted free pratique,
/'with exceptions that all dried fish, oys
ters, dried meats and vegetables from
Hongkong are not to be taken off the
vessel unless on special certificates, and
all Chinese and Japanese foodstuff, such
as yams, water chestnuts. Illy bulbs,
sugar cane, green ginger, bamboo shoots
and taro, to be landed only after a cer
tificate." I
The allegation Is made that the food
stuffs are wholesome and free from infec
tion or contagion, and that the bichloride
of mercury and other chemicals used in
fumigating are absolutely destructive of
food products. Hence Chung asks for a
mandatory writ commanding the defend
ants to release the goods, and enjoining
Dr. Kinyoun from fumigating or other
wise interfering with the same. The com
plaint asks also for J3000 damages.
*. , I* said yesterday that he had
held the goods on the Coptic because he
!\f d T r T e 9 el^ ed a letter from John w - K err,
the United States service officer at Hong
kong informing him that the foodstuffs
had been smuggled on board the Coptic
ft Hongkong, and that Dr. Kerr was
thereby prevented from inspecting the
same. He (Dr. Kerr) had therefore re
fused to grant free pratique to the Cop- :
tic, and it was upon this letter,
as well as instructions from the 'United
States Surgeon General at Washington,
that Dr. Kinyoun refused to allow the
goods to be delivered. Assistant United
States Attorney Banning will file answer
on behalf of the defendants, and the mat
ter will be argued before United States
Circuit Judge Morrow at 11 o'clock next
Monday morning. «
Quarantine Officer Maintains They
Were Smuggled Aboard at Hong
kong and That He Is Acting
Under Orders.
\
Attorneys Maguire & Gallagher and
Wong Chung Claims Goods
on Coptic Are Unlaw
fully Withheld.
ASKS FOR MANDATE
AGAINST KINYOUN
When the contest was instituted It was
intimated that the partisans of one of
the contesants had been guilty of gross
fraud, but as the lecount proceeded and
no revelation of dishonesty became ap
parent it began to be thought that these
suspicions were groundless. But yester
day's recount served to revive them. In
the Fourteenth Precinct of the Forty
fourth district twenty-two of Judge
Dalngerfield's votes were thrown out',
leaving him but twenty-six. According
to this count forty-iight votes must have
been cast for him during the election.
The election judges credited him with
only receiving thirtv-eight. On the other
hand the recount showed that Graham
had only received sixty votes In that pre
cinct, yet he was accredited with having
received sixty-four.
The only vestige of hope now for Gra
ham and his supporters is that when the
recount enters the districts which Dain
gerfleld carried the ratio of ballots thrown
out because of mistakes and distinguish- ,
ing marks will be against Daingerfleld.
This is indeed a forlorn hope, as those
districts are the homes of the mer'y.<»nts
and of men whose position in life render
them not liable to make mistakes in bal
loting.
At the close of yesterday's recount in tho
Superior Judgeship contest the total gain
of Judge DalngerfleM over hla opponent.
Thomas F. Graham, was nineteen votes.
The friends of Dalngeirteld are now san
guine of victory_^and are rejoicing and
receiving congraTulatlons. while the sup
porters of Graham are dejected and dis
couraged. It appears to be the consensus
of opinion at present, not only among the
friends and partisans of Daingerfleld. but
among <he disinterested spectators who
have followed the course of the canvass
from day to day. that when the final re
sult la ascertained he will, be shown to
have been elected beyond the shadow of
a doubt. Up to the present time, with not
one-half of the citv yet counted, he ha3
gained a total of 233 votes.
Rumors of Fraudulent Balloting Re
vived by Condition of Returns From
the Fourteenth Precinct of the
Forty-Fourth District.
Graham's Supporters Ready
to Concede Election ol
His Opponent.
DAINGERFIELD'S .
LEAD INCREASES
Director Mark says the Board of Edu
cation has not decided to deny leaves of
absence durinsr school terms. A rumor
to that effect probably originated In the
fact that one of the rules adopted last
July provides that a leave of absence
granted for a period exceeding ninety
days shall terminate at the beginning of
a term unless for good and valid reasons.
Graduation exercises were held yester
day in the advanced eighth grades of th©
public schools. Superintendent Webster
presided at the Franklin School.
Graduation Exercises.
Their watchword has ever been "Not
bow cheap, but How Good," and the
purity and satisfaction of their products
have entitled them to the patronage they
are receiving from a discriminating pub
lic in every country In the world.
During the year 1900 the output of this
association reached Its highest point,
which by far exceeds "that of any com
petitor at home or abroad.
The reference to the eagle will be read
ily recognized as applying to the well
known trade-mark of the largest brewing
association in any country. This trade
mark consists of a large A and an eagle
with wines outspread.
"The Anheuser-Busch Eagle heralds
loudly the praise of those who helped
make him famous throughout the world,
and extends hearty thanks and New Cen
tury greetings.
"ADOLPHUS BUSCH, Pres'f '
With the cominc of the New Tear the
president of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n sent to every •wholesale customer
the following: pleasant greeting by wire:
New Century Greetings.
The local branch of the Humane Edu
cation Association of this city Is making
a vigorous fight to have a bill passed at
the present w?ssior. of the Legislature
which will make the following subjects
e<impulsorv at all schools in the State:
Writing, orthography, arithmetic, geog
raphy, grammar, history of the Lnlted
States, elements of physiology' and
hygiene, with special Instructions as to
the nature of alcoholic drinks and nar
cotics and their effects on the human sys
tem; vocal music, elementary bookkeep
ing. Industrial drawing, humane educa
tion and civil government.
Humane Education Association.
Beautiful Picture Frames.
t The new shapes and finishes of the
frames Just received are the prettiest w©
have ever shown. .Exquisite designs in
oval, sauare and other odd shapes, fin
ished in dead black, grays and - greens,
with the daintiest gold-top ornaments and
festoonlngs, ¦ fitted - complete •with gold
beaded mats to match, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
Expenses of Sheriff's Office.
Sheriff Lackmann transmitted a state
ment of the . expenditures of the Sheriff's
department for the ' year 1900 to Mayor
Phelan yesterday. The report states that
the expenses - are less - by $15,901 20 thin
those of last year." Lackmann says he has
stopped the practice of contractors charg
ing "extra * rations" , for guards, trusties
and: United States prisoners, which he
claims to have been illegal. ~ssJssgga[-iSj
Incandescent light. wiring a specialty. Elec
rlcaPfenKlneerinsr Co.'." '609-511 Howard at. •
of William Harris for
Burglary.
In the preliminary examination of Wil
liam Harris on a charge of burglary' in
Judge Cor.Ian's court yesterday two sec
end-hand dealers— I. Friedman. 121 Russ
street, and Harris Rabbe, 1008 Howard
street — enlivened the proceedings by ex
pressing their opinions of each other.
Harris was arrested by detectives Ryan
and ODea for breaking into Friedman's
house and stealing a lot of clothing. Th.?
detectives recovered from Rabbe's - store
a gclf cape which was Identified by Fried
man as being one of the articles stolen
from his house. Rabbe was called as a
witness and waxed indignant against
Friedman, alleging that Friedman had em
ployed Harris to sell the cape to him and
thus get his good money for nothing.
Friedman Jumped to his feet and thexe
was a warm exchange of accusations be
tween them, which was tinally checked by
the Judge.
After hearing all the evidence the Judge
held Harris to answer before the Superior
Court on the charge of burglary In $1003
bonds.
Exciting Scene at th3 Examination
ACCUSES FRIEDMAN
OF UNFAIR DEALING
The trick of sticking an ax into the head
of another player has been seen many
times on the stage, but It always gets a
big laugh. The ax which Hartman uses
is made of wood and has two sharp nails
fitted in the edge of the weapon. The
actor w.ho receives the blow wears a
wooden block under his wig,' into which
the nails enter, leaving the weapon to all
purposes burled in the skull.
On Wednesday night the wooden block
which Kavanagh wore under his wig
slipped to the back of his head, Just be
fore Hartman was to do the "ax trick."
"Ha, ha," said Hartman as Buttons,
"here comes that ugly sister of 'Cinders.'
Just watch me swat her one on the head."
Creeping up , to Kavanagh, Hartman
p'Tf"^ HERE was an unrehearsed scene
I at the Tivoli on Wednesday night.
I which resulted in Actor Fred
JJL Kavanagh receiving- severe scalp
wounds inflicted with an ax wield
ed by Ferris Hartman. the comedian of
the company.
Kavanagh plays the part of one of th-s
sisters. of Cinderella and Hartman dis
ports In the revelry of the role of "But
tons," an attendant to the maid who wore
the glass slipper.
When Hartman wrote the play of "Cin
derella" for the Tlvoli, he arranged a
scene in which Buttons strikes Cinder
ella's sister on the head with an ax and
leaves the weapon sticking In the skull
of the actor who plays the part.
In the ten recent cases known as the
"handbook cases." In which the arrests
were made by Policeman Levings, eight
have been settled by the defendants plead
ing guilty and In the remaining: two the
defendants will . also plead guilty to-day
One of the defendants who pleaded guilty
in Judge Fritz's court yesterday was A.
Victor, who had demanded a trial by Jury,
and 175 talesman had been examined, but
only three Jurors were secured.
Chief Sullivan has gained a complete
victory over the poolsellers and this morn
ing all of the cases on the police court
calendars embraced in the much-talked-of
stipulation will be wiped out, Zick Abrams
having come to the conclusion that It is
not worth the candle to fight the Police
Department alone, even with Attorney
George D. Collins backing: him.
There were twenty-six cases on the cal
endars Wednesday 'and twenty-one of
them were then disposed of by the defend
ants pleading • guilty/ Zick Abrams had
five cases against himself and clerks and
in each case he demanded a Jury trial and
the cases were continued to be set. Yes
terday morningr Abrams told Attorney
Coffey, the special prosecutor, that he
would plead guilty in all of the five cases
and they were put back * on yesterday's
calendars. Two were disposed of and the
other three will be settled to-day, when
the defendants can appear In court.
"The other poolsellers have pleaded
guilty," said Abrams, "and If they think
I am fool enough to buck singly against
the Police Department they are very
much mistaken. I consider it the wiser
course to follow suit."
Zick Abrams, Last of the
Lot, Agrees to Stay by
vtbo Stipulation. ..
POOL SELLERS GIVE
UP THE FIGHT
Hartman realized that a serious accident
had happened, as Kavanagh lay uncon
scious on the stage. Fearing to alarm the
audience, Hartman, with presence of mind,
picked Kavanagh up and carried him to
the wings, the audience laughing as tho
comedian said. "Well, she's done for this
time."
"Doc" Leahy, the manager of the house,
took a hand in reviving Kavangh until a
real medico arrived. Some stitches were
put in Kavanagh's scalp, and though it
was feared yesterday that blood polsonlntr
might ensue from the wound, Kavanagh
was able to play last night, but the "ax
trick was cut out of the play.
brought the ax down on the little fellow's
head and Kavanagh rolled to the -floor.
"Well, wouldn't that bump you," Bald
Hartman, as the audience roared with
laughtc at the discomfiture of Kava
nagh in the role of "Cinders' " sister.
But the laughter vanished quickly from
Hartman's face as he saw a stream of
blood running down Kavanagh's head and
chest.
He also drew down a "fat" salary as
Ftenographer appointed to describe" th.?
lands in that vicinity. Reese, to those
who are not familiar* with the McKenzie
cas*> that was tried in Nome and in this
city, was the man that claimed that At
torney Sam Knight approached and of
fpred him a &W bribe. What the outcome
of the fipht will be fer the appointment
to the pffiee of Marshal at Nome is at
present very uncertain.
Senator Carter ha.5 not positively stated
that he is a Richard? man. although he
had had daily interviews with him ana
on the other hand when asked to support
Captain Goorpe B. Baldwin for the place
he claimed that he had another candidate
fn v.ew. It is very certain that the Pres
ident will shortly name the man to ¦en
force the laws "in the frozen north."
Should he appoint Richards to the offlc
those who are fiphtinjr McKenzie will cer
tair.Jy feel that they will have formidable
Iocs to de?l with.
Wheeler, who is one of the quartet when
!n Nome, was Judp? Ncyes' lieutenant.
He was the attorne> that the Judge
recommended to ail who were in search
of an attorney.
The man who employed the Pinker
ten detectives is in the city and
Fiates that he has knowledge that Sen
ator Carter had the resignation of Vaw
ter :n his possession for s-ome time pre
vious to Its being presented and that this
was done to form a pood outline of at
tack and to insure the appointment of
Richards when the resignation became
public property.
Senator Carter secured the appointment
of Judge Noyes as District Judge for
Norr.e. It was Judge Noyes that appoint
ed McKenzio as receiver and it is thought
that if Richards is appointed Marshal at
Kome they will have everything in their
own hands next summer. ,
Serpeant-at-Arm.-: Ramsdell of the
United States Senate la also. It 1? claimed.
a deeply interested man :n the appoint
ment of Richards tc the position he is at
tempting to secure from President Me-
Kinley. Bjunsdell every day. fo the re
tort goes, visits the National Hotel and
holds lorg consultations .with McKenzie
and hif= lieutenants.
These friends were four In number and
Included F. I.. Reese. C. S. Herrin, F. H.
Richard? anu Attorney Wheeler. It is
claimed that these men were watched and
that they had daily interviews with Sen
ator Carter, and that a. great deal of wire
pulling has been indulged in to perfect
plans for the appointment of Richards to
the office of United States Marshal of
Nome, made vacant by the resignation of
Marshal Vawter.
When McKenzie left here after the trial
In the Ur.ited Sta-cs District Court he
journeyed to Seattle. From there the
rath of his journey irmalned a mystery
and it was net until the early part of last
month that he was located. Pinkerton
detectives were put o.i his trail by a prom
inent man of this city who Is deeply In
terested in claims In Nome and it was
reported to him that McKenzie was con
coaled in V»'a?hinston. D. C. He was
traced to the National Hotel In that dis
trict and it was ascertained that he was
accompanied by all his boon companions
who assisted him in his operations In
Nome.
The dispatch recently published stating
that F. H. Richards of Spokane is in
Washington. D. C. fighting for appointment
es United States Marshal of Nome, makes
the situation serious for those who are
Interested In any of the claims that are
at present 5n litigation or are under the
receivership of Alexander McKenzie.
Detectives Locate Receiver of Many
Claims la Washington, "Where
He Is Surrounded by
His Friends.
McKenzie Anxious to Have
a Friend in Office at
Goldfitld.
RICHARDS WOULD
BE NOME MARSHAL
In a counter affidavit Moraghan quotes
the ante-nuptial agreement referred to
and sets forth his explanation of the way
In which It was destroyed. Continuing
he denies that he is trying to dispose of
his interest in his mother's estate to de
feat his wife's claim, but claims that he
is in receipt of only $60 a month, of which
$50 a month Is paid him for his services
as an employe of the Moraghan Oyster
Company and $10 a month comes to him
from his mother's estate.
His claim is supported by Henry B.
Clement and his brother, Charles A. Mor
aghan, who filed affidavits setting forth
the same facts. Young Moraghan, who Is
but 23 years of age, places special em
phasis on his assertion that all the
troubles between himself and. wife are due
to the interference and rapacity of his
parent8-ln-law and in conclusion he prays
that her prayer for a decree of divorce
and alimony pendente lite be denied.
After hearing the various affidavits read
Judge Seawell took the motion for ali
mony under advisement and will file his
opinion within a week.
In an affidavit filed yesterday on her
motion for alimony. Mrs. Moraghan says:
"The plaintiff admits that at various
times, and mostly when drunk, the de
fendant professed the utmost regard for
her, but since her marriage and as evi
dence of his warm affection for her he has
given her. in all, one dress of the value of
$14, and three several amounts of $3 each,
a total of $3, which, with the value
of the dress, makes $23 In all since she
was married." >
Young Moraghan enters a general denial
to all cf his wife's allegations, though he
admits "that when his wife Insisted on as
sociating with her mother} whom he con
siders an Improper person, he used strong
language." On November 25, 1900. their
baby daughter, Eugenia, was born, he
continues, and his wife added to his dis
comfort by threatening to get rid of the
child. This forced him to remove the
babe from their home "and support her
elsewhere at great expense," he says,
which made him extremely angry at his
wife. After making the charges stated
above he alleges that his wife was taken
from his home against hl3 will and
against hers by her father, "who is
largely responsible for their trouble."
After taking her away, he continues, she
was permitted to associate with her
mother, who lives at the Repeller Hotel,
greatly to his discomfort, and finally se
cured apartments at 632 Haight street,
where she lives, but which place Is closed
against him. He has frequently expressed
his regard for his wife, he alleges, and
still bears affection for her, but is pro
vented from conducting himself as he
would like, owing to the action of her
patents.
'"Owing to the drunken and degraded
habits of the defendant," she concludes,
"it is impossible to live at peace with him
and if she should presume to live with
him* It would be at the risk of her life."
In addition to a decree of divorce, Mrs.
Moraghan demands judgment for perma
nent alimony and an order restraining
her husband from incumbering his estate,
which, she alleges. Is valued at $20,000.
On one occasion, she contends, at their
heme, 132& Waller street, he seized her
by the throat and was only restrained
from injuring her by the immediate inter
ference of her father.
All of the facts of the unusual case de
veloped yesterday during the hearing of a
motion in Judge Seawell's court for an
order to compel young Moraghan to pay
his wife alimony pending the disposition
of Mrs. Morasrhan's action for divorce.
Mrs. Moraghan's complaint was first pro
duced and read for the Instruction of the
court. In this complaint Mrs. Moraghan
alleges that her husband "most continu
ously came home drunk, Insulted her,
called her vile names and indulged in
epithets unfit for repetition."
i He charges that she cast her baDy
daughter trom her br.-aet when her eyea
nrst opened to the light, rihe charges that
as she lay stricken with her pamyne stole
her babe away. He ;isserts that before
he married the young woman, he, for hid
own protection, secured lrom her a writ
ten waiver of ah Ciitlxu upon ins share In
the estate of his deceased mother, Julia
A. Moraghan. She, in answer, asserts
that he coerced her into signing the docu
ment. He charges that ner lather, ac
companied by a detective, by threats and
Intimidation, frightened him into surren
dering his wife's \vai\er of property right
in his estate. She avers that by dures?
he forced her to sign che document, but
later, when he saw nor suffering, he re
lented and righted the wrong he had done
her by destroying the document in her
presence with nls <«wn hands. He charges
ihat Ins present predrc&xsent is due to a
conspiracy between James Fay and the
woman Fay divorced ten years ago, to de
fraud him of his inteiebt in his mother's
estate, through the instrumentality of
their dausht.tr. who is now his wife. She
enters emphatic denial to this allegation
and points to his freyuent expressions of
regard for her. He lays the blame for
their separation upon her divorced pa
rents, but in answer t=lie claims that the
only objection they nave to him is re
sultant from his "drunken, boisterous
and dissipated habits." He makes the
final charge that her mother, separated
from her father, is not a lit ant' proper
person for his wife to associate v | h, but
Mrs. Moraghan retaliates with the'claim
thai her husband's h;ibit of indulging in
expressions unfit for » Jblication makes
him a being too unholy for her associa
tion and too dangerous to live with.
Their first meeting -cok place a little
more than a year ago, and their marriage
was solemnized October 10. 1500. Soon
thereafter a baby girl came into their
lives, not to give them comfort but to till
still fuller their cup of bitterness. After
eight weeks of married life they were
joined, not in happiness, but as plaintiff
and defendant in the divorce court. Each
has a story replete with dramatic incident
to tell and me criminations of one are
answered by the recriminations of tho
other.
It is a strange story that Is revealed by
the records of the divorce court in the
case of Moraghan vs. Moraghan— a story
of terribly dramatic episodes in the brief
honeymoon of James 1$. and Mary Gwen
dolen Moraghan. He Is the son of the
founder of the Moraghan Oyster Com
pany, born to wealth and affluence; she
is the daughter of Policeman Fay, who is
not rich in this world's goods.
and Blames Them for
His Trouble.
Accuses Parents-in-Law With Con
• spiring to Secure His Wealth
Sues Husband for Divorce
and He Responds With
Counter Charges.
MORAGHAH'S WIFE
AIRS A SCANDAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL f SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, i»01.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Office 1OO4. Market Street
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Our delivery man is met with smiles,
not with frowns, for what he presents
bring* certain satisfaction to wife and
mother, husband and brother. In two
words: It's right! That applies to every
single article washed, starched and ironed
in this establishment. Modern appliances
and skillful handling tell the story.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts U
you order it
No saw edres.
A WELCOME CALLER.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY andTUESDAY
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 18 lbs $1.00
Spreckels Reflnlnz.
BEST L. Bros, brand EASTERN HAMS. .12c
Every Ham Guaranteed. Reg. 14c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. . .45c
3 Squares $1.30. Regular C5c
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square. 35c
3 Squares $1.00. Regular 43c.
BEST CITY EGGS, doz 35c
From the Mission. Rerular 45c
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, doz 25c
Guaranteed. Regular 35c.
MOCHA AND JAVA, our best, COFFEE. .25c
By Special Request. Regular 83c
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, lb 40c
Six Kinds. Rrnlar 7Se.
SINGAPORE SLICED PINEAPPLE, can. ,15c
Extra SyniD. Regular 23c can.
HEART'S CONTENT WHISKEY, qt bot $1.00
. • Recrtilar $1.50.
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY. . ...10c
Rerular 15c. i .*. - • ¦
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY, qt bot . .90c
Regular $1.25.
BEST SUGAR PEAS, Petits P013, can 15c
Regular 2Cc can.
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, '15 bars. .25c
King of all Soaps. Lar^e Bar.
LA PORTE EXTRA SUGAR CORN, 3 cans 25c
Choice. Resrular 12Hc can.
JESSE MOORE A A WHISKEY 90c
Qts. Bot. Rejrular $1.13.
PURE CAL. OLIVE OIL, qt bo; 75c
Warranted El Pearl Farm.
Regular $1. Bot. 45c. Regular 60c
PORT AND SHERRY, 8 years old, bot ...25c
5 Bottles SI. Rerular 40c.
MY FAVORITE Salad Dressing, large bot 25c
Rerular 40c Bot.
MASTOMAT Dainty Table SAUCE, bot. . .25c
Outshines All. Pure. Regular 40c
CIGARS CUT, all 12£c size 10c
Cigars by the Box at Cut Prices.
OOR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these Special Sales
We ship Free of Charge with every Five
Dollars or more within 100 miles. Ask for
monthly price list — Free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone 3. Z92. Xo Branch Store*.
Tou never have a bead In the morning from
drinking Jease Moor* "XX" whiakur. Try It.
f Second Week .
GENERAL jjfi
f~*T "C A D A TV T7T7 j&Sxt fu
HERE ARE PRICES THAT SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES:
Children's Woolen Dresses Flannel Wrappers.
3 or 4 dozen CHILJ3 REN'S • PLAin ¦ e have Juet received ' a new lot of
WOOLEN DRESSES; lined throughout- WRAPPERS; all sizes; regular n*7Af+
all sizes; regular price $2 60 Cf CA quality— on sale.... (iW
-cut to .......; OlaOU FLANNEL WRAPPERS; re«u- qq-
• lar Jl 25 quality— on sale ; t/O C
FLANNEL "WRAPPERS; lined through-
Waists. $1 .50
.uS^uT^ 1^!^^-^ 6 ? 95c "Skirts
au S atuy- E Sl 00 ' 1 60C 2SC NAVT BLUE AND PURPLE MOREEN
quality, all size»-cut to AUt SKIRTS; regular $4 50 qual- CO RA
Beet quality FRENCH FLANNEL .< ' ity— cut to : tDZ.DU
WAISTS ; all lined: very latest style; re*- FANCY STRIPED SILK MOREEN
ular price *3 60-cut to §1.95 BKIRT S: ** Quality-cut to <1JQ fif\
'BLACK SATIN 'WAISTS; worth $4 We .-^......
have only a small lot left and C» O O«5T - ww . '¦' * ~ ' ' '
will sell them to-day at <t>-4*^O / HatS 2111(1 CflDS
CHILDREN' 8 SILK HATS, in very Pret-
f\^. • C ty shades; 75c and $1 quality— QHT«
Dressing Sacqnes. gg^izMiMM^
The stock Is retting: low, but vou can —cut to IOC
Hy v fo^^.^°f.^.!!.^: "60c l^^^^S^^Sf^
A Flannel Gown Snap. A Great Corset Snap.
LADIES' FLANNEL GOWNS; in all By chance w« bought about 300 CORSETS;
sire.,: pink and blue stripes— 75c JiC-V. »lzes from 18 to 27; in black only; they
quality-cut to :........ 45C ' are worth75c-on sale to-day.... OQ-
— A^k for theni. ''""*"""*
Children's Coats c Collarettes.
Our J5E0 Children's 3-4 lenRth AUTO- to^l^Heh^^^ZJ 1531 , w °* h
MOBILE COATS-«izes i to <EO Ptfk ' at ...... '.:?..^...^.! v.^~° n " 35C
"We have on hand about 2 dozen of those H •„ j .it j
children's jackets; worih from $3 w Hosiery wk Underwear.
to Jo—""On s&lc from * * •*,'.-
tin s\r\ -a ft /We^always' have bis bargains In these
€j>I«OCMo$2.OO !:' trtHh^uae." at our wl ? dow »- the y
1212=1214 MARKET STREET, Ta,ia^^ e s
• r ?ft_ MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE CAREFUL ATTENTION.
DR.MCNULTY.
rrnis well-known and reliable old
1 Specialist ewwBlood Poison. OonorrhoZouJl'
Stricture. Seminal Weakness. Impotence and thli.
aJlied DIsordera. Book o^DlseaSS Tofitf^K
Over?0 years 'experience. Terms reasnnahin jr^fvl-'
UtioDfreeand^redlyroafldeSSlioin^Sd^
P. ROHCOK MeXUI/TY.Sl.D
2« » Kenrny St.. S« Fm.etae,, CaX.
FLEMING MALT WHISKY.... 80c
Regular JI.OO per bottle.
GERMAN. SALAD POTATOES... Be
Regular 8c per lb.
BEZIERES >Tn e 2?r SARDINES 2t)c
Regular 23c per tin.
PATE de FOIE GRAS JACQUIT. I7ic
Regular 25c per tin.
APPET1TSILD, large lin- — 20c
jj Regular 25c per tin.
ALDEN DRIED APPLES...... 6iC
Regular 10c per lb.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES... 5c
Regular 8c per lb. .
GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE... 20c
Regular 25c per lb.
OLD PEPPER WHISKY...... $1.15
Regular Jl 50 per bottle.
A, Y.H. GIN, Genuine...... $1,45
Large) bottle. Regular $1 60.
Just received — New Goosebpeast
and German Metwurst.
Country orders promptly filled. Ask for our
monthly catalogue.
Telephone East 272. ¦«
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
1447-49 POLK STREET.
| .Sheet mvisic
> price
The "Blaek Cat" March ana
Two Step published by Sher-
man. Clay & Co. is a good, live-
ly piece that is making quite a
hit. It is written for tne piano
full band or email orchestra 1
step in and hear.lL
Incidentally Sherman, Clay &
Co. offer many advantages in
their Sheet Music Department;
largest utook went of Chicago,
quick intelligent service, prices
half off to everybody. The
"Black Cat" March is
25c
Sherman, Clay & Co,
\ Steisway Piaao Dealers,
Cor, Kearny and Butter Bt»., S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway, Oakland.
f^nr. Park and Washington. Portland.
711 Second ftve.. Seattle.