I WILL lift the Public Administrator's
office out of the turntoil into which
It has been drawn throug* long: as-
sociation with the two probate de
partments of this court. The people/ of
San Francisco, after this has been accom- ,
pllshed, will know that there, are two
Judges upon this bench who have escaped .'
the mesh of scandal which has ¦surrounded
this important office, the duties of which '
are to see to tbe safe and 'honest /distrl- '
buticn of the holdings Of the dead.to their'
lawful heirs." " , .
This remarkable statement was. made :
by Presiding Superior Judge . Frank H.
Dunne yesterday in Justification of his
action In refusing to further cases
in which the Public Administrator's of- •
flee was Involved to Probate Judges
James V. Coffey and James M. Troutt.
The application of the Public Adminis
trator for letters upon the estate of the
late Captain William Ward, commander
of the lost steamer Rio de JaneirOr was
assigned by Presiding Judge Dunne to
Judge Sloss' department for adjudication
and his petition for right to settle the
estate of the late John Harris was placed
for decision In the hands of Judge Mu
rasky, sitting in Department 2 of the Su
perior Court. . c ' " .
Says Public Cries for. a Change.
"Continuing, Judge rhinne said: "Myjac
tlon is in response to the public cry for a
change. I am tired . of constant com
plaints. -Like Presiding Judges before me,
I have been wearied by the frequent pro
tests of members of the bar and citizens
whose rights are or have been involved in
the probate departments of this court. I
have decided to make a change. • I have
selected two Judges, whom I know to be
above reproach,' to handle the business of
the Public Administrator's office and If
they fall I will bear the responsibility, but
I do not look forward to any such result:
"As to the assertion that one, member
of this bar .4s given all of tly? business in*
~ — ~~ . ¦ ?¦¦¦¦. -¦• ••• — . - .. /. — • - r< ? :- , ; -- : — : — — 1-
PRESIDING JUDGE i OF : THE SUPERIOR ' COURT* AND ' THE TWO 1
* JUDGES * HE I SAYS j SHALL! : HEAR \ NO \ NEW . PETITIONS FOR
' LETTERS FROM PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR. . ,'\\ ¦
Judge Troutt Says Little. ; ; .;f J
Judge Troutt, like Judge Coffeyj said
he- had.no. answer; to make; It would,
not "• look wellJ ".'• He '--only hoped that
the ' departments . to which the pre
siding ' Judge had announced his in
tention,, of ¦ assigning . Public Admin
istrator cases, in. the,° future would
spared the' .unfortunate episodes that- had
arisen in other, department's— his included..
He pointed to the ; Piper case as an Illus
tration of unfortunate conditions that
may^b© visited upon a' court at any time.
During his -absence from the city. Bald
Judge : Troutt, a will In favor of the natu
ral son of the deceased- was discovered.
Before he. returned to the city", the heirs
had compromised with - that natural : son
'and' a- threatened', controversy had been
;avoided.V,In ithis the ' court had ; hot been
'a participant; in others less so, yet criti
cism had; resulted; and now " t '.'£ public cry
-for', a', chancre" .'had been considered. '.¦;.;
\ i Doubtless; more V will be heard 1 of the
•controversy tb-da>".
which was patterned ' after the schedule
drawn up by. Judge". Coffey, was then cas
ually^ referred to' by him as at least a
grain of support to his stand and- a small
measure of comfort! to. him in the defense
he.is now making.; But in conclusion
Judge Coffey said he would rather remain
silent;, to;. answer would be °to violate
his views upon the right of "one to answer
an- accusation made by. Innuendo. .'
¦ 80,000.'.;..... 355
, •.B0,000.......'.....'....".'..........-...».V.... ; 6oS .
< 100,000.;.:.:... .»¦••••-••'•••••••"•••••••••••• 9M
i.coo.000..^.... ......:./.......;..'.•.. ..V.....3155 ;
: In all entattm < of I a - valuation -' intermediate
and ", above these ; figures the same ratio shall
obtain. " « -.'¦'
. October 12, 1898. .". ./ ¦..?'.-,'. j/ ; j^.,.. .., 'C^'~.
¦ A schedule . of; fees , as allowed . by the
'Superior' Court' of j Los' Angeles ' County,
From and after this date the following maxi
mum- standard of compensation . Is established
In estates in which the Public Administrator is
app^nUd-and qualified to act as administrator.
This'is to be. taken as a- guide , in all cases
where the conditions ore analorous:
Amount of . ; Maximum
Estate. ; " " ¦". -Attorney Fee.
11,000..... |25
2.000.... ;....... ,45
3,000. ..........••••••••••••••"vv"*» 6^
-¦,. 4.000.'..'..... ......•.¦*.•••••••• 85
5.000.. ••• 1C5
6.000.... .................................. 125
. 7,000......:...-....... • 145
- 8.000.... .....;. ..:....-............ ..165
9.000;..*.:..'.. ;:.'..;.•• :......;..'..... ws
.10.000 ........ .....:.........• 205
parrying to avoid a controversy, the_ Judgo
admitted that the' reference to complainti
as to a schedule! of. fees, made-by..Pre
siding Judge Dunne was evidently aimed
at his (Coffey's) court. ' His schedule of
attorney fees governing the compensation
of the Public Administrator for the set
tlement of estates ..upon .which letters
were granted to him was next produced.
It follows: ¦'"•'- ".*•' ."¦- ' 1 *'.-; ' • .' ' -•'¦
CONSTANTINOPLE; Feb. 27.— It Is set
tled . that • the Porte not having ""paid the
Installments 'due on the cruiser for which
a contract ..was signed recently with the
Cramp J 8hlp j Building Company of . Phila
delphia, the latter considers the contract
void rand repudiates all responsibility in
the matter. ° .- ; <
Refuses to Deliver Cruiser as Install-
ments Have Not Been Paid
- When Due. -A
CHAMP COMPANY S/^%%
° REPUDIATES CONTRACT
MILAN, Feb. 27.— The remains of Gul
seppi Verdi, the comooser were removed
with much ceremony to-day from the
cemetery to. the' Home for Aged Musi
cians, founded by Verdi. Troops lined the
route between the cemnery and the^home
and an Immense concourse of people wit
nessed, the ceremony. A choir of several
hundred voices sang one of Verdi's im
pressive compositions.
A detachment of troops headed the pro
cession. The soldiers were followed by
the students and various other associa
tions. <Then came a company of Infantry
with reversed arms and with their flax
draped with crape. The hearse. was fol
lowed by the Count of Turin and the Ger
man Consul in behalf of Emperor William
of Germany and representatives of France
and Austria, the Mayor of Milan; 'tha
presidents of the Senate and the Chamber
of 'Deputies and delecatlons from those
bodies and numerous other officials.
for Aged Musicians Founded
¦¦;, by the Composer.
Troops, Lino the Route to the Home
VERDI'S REMAINS
¦ TAKEN FROM CEMETERY
BERLIN, Feb. 27.— The War Office has
received the following from Count von
Waldersee, dated Peking, February 26:
."A patrol of eight Germans repulse^ an
attack by one hundred- and sixty Chinese
Imperial troops at Suling Pass, killing
twenty." 4s£>*:3 <»*" 6 }.
PEKING, Feb. 27.— The committees of
the Ministers met to-day to deeldo on the
general basis of the indemnities to be dis
cussed at the meeting of the Ministers to
morrow.
The accounts of the fearful famine In
the province of Shensl. where horses are
said to be dying from lack of food and
water, are not believed here. It is thought
the court ordered the publication of thes©
reports in order to frighten c8 fhfr espe
dition threatened. '
EIGHT GERMANS WHIP
BAND OF CHINESE TROOPS
council of the Industrial Institute and. the*
students to-day it was resolved to request
the' Government to prosecute the police,
who abused their , authority, respecting
students* bands. The students and others
afterward paraded through several streets
and gathered in front of the residence of
the Brazilian Consul, cheering for liberty
and denouncing the clericals. The mob
stoned the Catholic Association's build
ings' and made a demonstration in front
of the office of the Liberal newspapers,
shouting: "Long" live liberty!"
Mounted and dismounted police then
charged on -the manlfestants and dis
persed them. Numbers of persons -were
injured, four of them so seriously that
they had to be removed to a hospital.
Mob Stonss the Building of Catholic
Assemblage at Oporto and
Denounces Clericals. ' •
OPORTO, Feb. 27.— At a meeting of the
POLICE CHARGE ON
ASSEMBLAGE OF STUDENTS
cause of the encounter between \ Hay tian
and \ Dominican guards °on • the frontier,
near" Dajab'on. warlike ] preparations aro
being made by the Government of Santo
Domingo., The Vice President of the re
public haa started for, the scene of the
disturbance from Santiago with a force
of cavalrymen. The. Minister of War haa
sailed from the capital for Monte Crlsto
on a gunboat with other soldiers. There'
is great excitement throughout the coun-
Trobps 'Rushed to the Scene cf^the
Recent Encounter With Hay- "
tian Guards: 1 ='-•;_;-¦ A-y
.PORTO, PLATA. Haytl.: Feb. 27.— Be-
as Albert Co-wrm, Once Treated
for Insanity.
DENVER, Feb. 37.— Mrs. Josephine TJn-
ternahrer, one of the three wemen struck
down by a heavy Mow or> the head^ la .t
Friday night on Capitol Hill, tiled thla
afternoon In St. Joseph's Hosgttal. ¦¦ On<v
of the others,' Mrs. Mary Schort, died on
Saturday. The third victim. Miss Emma
Jdhnson, may recover from her injuries.
Albert Cowen, who- la charged with th3
murder of Mrs. Schort and suspected of
being the highwayman who has attacked
many women In this city during -the past
$ear, was identified to-day by Bartholo
mew Julien, foreman of Union Pacific car
Inspectors, as the man whom he saw run
ning away from tbe place. Mls,s Annl*
McAtee was .knocked down and seriously
Injured on the night of October 4 last.
When confronted with Julien and Albert
Frederick, who says he saw Cowen knock
down Mrs. Schort, the prisoner accused
them of lying. . t ' ,.' -° ' .
Dr. H. T. Pershlng, an insanity special
ist, said to-day that he treated Cowen
for paranoia six years ago at the County
Hospital. c . ..:»,
WARLIKE PREPARATIONS .,
MADE BY SANTO DOMINGO
Murderous Highwayman Identified
DEATH OF A VICTTM
OF THE DENVEB ; THUG
There is . but one schedule . of : fees en
forced In the ° Probate j Department j and
that Is in Judge Cofrey's court. In con
sequence after asserting that he was
Judge CoflEey 's Low Schedule.
Judge Coffey was not Inclined to make
a direct reply to thr statement of Pre
siding Judge Dunne, but' said that as it
had been stated that the Presiding Judge's
action was "in response to the public cry
/or a change" he might point those. In
terested to the public indorsement of his
policy and , record as contained in the
figures of the election commission on the
result of the last campaign. When the
full returns of the last election were. in* it
was found that Judge Coffey, after a almost
two decades upon the bench, had been re
turned to office - with " a \ plurality above
them all. -Hence-, he smiled , yesterday
when he asked from ' whence came "the
public cry" for a change.
Judge Dunne's utand j and \ statement
created an immense, sensation In the City
Hall yesterday. It was not wholly un
expected, but. came with a suddenness
that gave the principals Involved but-lit
tle time In which t<? prepare defense.
When their statements were made, how
ever, they contained an expressed dlsre*
gard for Judge Dunne's opinion or actipn
thai caused but little less sensation than,
the statement of the Presiding Judgo
which brought them forth._ .,.;-! v;v
Creates Immense Sensation.
j/'It is true that In .the other department
of the Probate Court the schedule of fees
haa caused much complaint. I hold that
the. laborer who performs his work well
should bo fully compensated" for the sweat
of his brow; I am, likewise, of the opinion
that the attorney who expends his ener^.
gles and learning in the settlement of pro
bate cases should be properly remuner
ated for his services. There is no differ T
encein the cases cited, though some may
hardly consider them analogous. The
rights of attorneys are recognized by the
law, "hence I will recognize them."
one 1 of the probate departments in cer
tain lines— such as appointments to the
office of attorney . for absent heirs, v ap-.
praiser of the collateral inheritance tax
and other similar duties— I have nothing
to say, except that this fact has been in
cluded among the. complaints laid before
me. . I- would like to have 'it understood
that my action is not resultant from my
own investigation, but is" based upon pub
lic complaint, which I now deem it my
duty to consider.
• Mrs. EUIs.hesItated a minute or two and
then continued: . "His trouble Is a men
tal one and all thls%talk just makes It so
much worse. He is subject to very severe
¦attacks of mental trouble. ~ ' .
"Oh. no,'/ she replied- quickly —to a
query, "that letter never could have been
written when he was having one of those
•attacks, because thev prostrate him ut
terly. He isn't able to attend to anything:.
I can't understand the letter.' It Is so ut
terly unlike anything he has ever done
and unlike what it seamed probable ha
would, do."
"We lived at Palmyra. N. Y., # and my
father owned and worked his own farm.
If he had time to spare he worked on
other farms. We feel terrible over all this
newspaper talk, because we know how U
hurts Will, though h«? doesn't make any
reply to It. His health is poor, so poor,
indeed, that we have given up hQpe that
he will ever be what he was before the
war."
A woman of gentle breeding Is the ad
mlral's sister, who is the wjfe of the
School Inspector ' f mm the Sixteenth
Ward. She evinced an Intense sisterly af
fection for her sailor brother.
DETBOIT. Mich.. Feb. 27.— "Nobody
ever denied that our family was poor,
least of all Will," said Mrs. Lucien EL El
lis of DOS Military avenue, when asked con
cerning her brother. Admiral Sampson,
and his home and family. "My father was
a laborer," she. went on quietly, "and
there was a large family of us to be taken
care off but none of us were ashamed of
it." ¦ "
Says the Admiral Is Subject to Men-
tal 5 Troubles.
SAMPSON'S SISTER TALKS.
dolph Wltthaus. th« chemist, has mado
a verbal report. supp!cm&ntar>' to his first
report and preliminary to his final report.'
to the District Attorney, in which he de
clares that enough mercury and other
poisons were found in the stomach of
William Marsh Rico toskill him. •
An affidavit charging Albert D. Patrick,
with murder in the first degree was sub^
mltted to Justice Jerome with an applica
tion for a warrant for;Patiick's rearrest.
The Justice Issued the warrant and it will
be served should ball be accepted , on the
forgery charge. . ',. - ¦ '/„ .• : -"-' j ' - • "v '..'•• ',£¦ '.¦•¦
The affidavit Is m.ade ;by ; Charles F.
Jones and reads that^on the, 23d. day, 'of
September. . 1900, at 50ft Madison- avenue;.
New York, he was employed -by- "William
M. Rice, who also resided ; at the, same
address, as private secretary and com
panion; that on the 23d day of September".
1900. Albert D., Patrlck;.caused.. the said
William M. Rice to iake.."a large quantity
of deadly poison "called." -mercury and
divers other deadly " poisons.'!*". ..The aflli
davit then charges mat Rice's death was
due to these poisons. •'-' ;• v : " ..• ';•' ':'. ; ':¦' '[
Patrick was taken before Judge "Mc-
Mahon in the Court of General Sessions.
His counsel asked that the Judge; causo
an order to be lssue-l so he could get back
the $10,000 cash deposited ".with, the '. CMy.
Chamberlain yestsroay to ball; Patrick^
The Judge Issued the necessary order and
Patrick" was taken back to the .Tombs.
, - ~ >~ . itearrescea. - •->—¦
" S NEW TORK, Feb. 27.— Professor Ru-
LAWYER PATRICK HELD •
FOB, THE MURDER OF RICE
If Released on Bail on the Forgery
Charge He Will Be Quickly ..
Lord Kitchener b&s been at Mlddles
turg for the- past three days, but' there is
*o Indication from any other quarters
fcan that relied upon by u the Daily.'Chron
fcle'that General Botha, has surrendered.
Croker Will Bctuxn.
LONDON, Feb. 2I.-Rlchard Croker
aiys he war return to America In gw>d
fime to take part' In the coming cam
saica, •¦•¦:;*: " •
Bf^t-'ii tjlspatches from Pretoria locate
General Botha, with a small force, north
of Midereburg. They point out that he is
probatl.'. inaklng for the headquarters of
Commandant :A'iljoen and the seat of the
Boei Govrnmcnt beyond Roossenkal. ':
"Th» Orange River remains high. Our
<:oiuxffiis ere tlgrhtening their grip -upon
Steyn. Dewet and Hertzog near Petrus
ville. and our patrols have been engaged.
I arrticpate that a general action is about
to be fcught, and that the collision is like
ly to Brove etIous.". • < c
Bennett Burleigrh wires -' to the Daily
Telegraph from De.Aar, under Tuesday's
date, as follows: . '.
"According to earlier information Gen
eral Botha was to have been received at
Ixrd Kitchener's camp about the end of
this week, but if the foregoing report is
correct, events have ripened with unex
pected rapidity." " •". •-
LONDON.. Ftb. 2&.^Tho . Daily Chron
iele. which" has. received -a report It be
]V?vcs trustworthy. ¦ though It has no
means of verification, that General Botha
has surrendered to Lord Kitchener, says:
Still in the Field.
It Is Probable, However, That HJe Is
EOTHA r S ALLEGED STJBRENDER.
: ' A.ep»ec}al ;jfrom"-.t)e'Ajir.." -.Cape Colony,
datfd;- February. ;>6;-' says: ¦• Thornycrof t's
xti.unih, ;when last, heard from, was a few
• hpurs" march Lchind Dewet. The other
-pc:\:tt;-nE have see.mins'v loft touch with
tiTTi-. Hnrtzog, the Boer commander. Is
rfr H 'r^cd to have jcr.«««ed the Orange River
ejtI appears to be still 'nside the rectangle
ff rmed by the railroads and river.
A Pert Elizabeth, Cape Colony, special
epys:. A private message received here
seys Schelpers Laager, near Willowmore,
hr.s V-een captures bv the British. The
nain hoiy of Boers was absent, but forty
burghers and the whole of the supplies
¦were taken. '¦•¦'•' • .
-;:.]y. r2.;Kl.Vehvpftr.;;i.'ho-."chief of ctaCfr was
i'Tf ¦?rr.tva1l\nfe*?thn'e; 1 -'if}. accordance witii
¦^«e;lr*tfcufe^oj^>"roriv<:^::e(l;to me' in your
pf>X<?<)t F«"br.U?fy .;i_T:."i..:fecbgn1zea -his sug
\g» o'nie : 5t!'r?^-a.s:coA\::eyibg.t ; ydtir-. L»ord
fehip's .oi^efP:dn"d'-apt.e<l!thereon."'' v • ;.:
lowerer, Every Independent
Band Must Be Taken
Belore War Ends.
LONDON", Feb. 27. — General French's
r.ost recent success, combined with th;
itht-r advantages gained by the British
In ¦ South Africa, have created a
i{.OFt hopeful feeling in the War Office here.
inrd Raglan, Under 'Secretary f or War,
described It to-day as being "the thin
4-ge of the wefige,^' and this also is thfl
Opinion of the military critics, who" reir
crate that while the war cannot be expect
ed to end -withr. a- sudden stroke this con
stant capturing ..of men, guns and : sup
plies and horses means that the, opera
tions will soon be ; reduced to. a dacott j
stag*. General 'French Is quite the hero
of tbe hour on .pill Wall, though of Cv-rsa
General Kitchener's controlling hand is
recognized under every circumstance. It
Is felt by Mr. Broderick and Lord Roberts
•Sat so long as the British forces are do
ir.g something to diminish the Boers' sup
ply of men. mounts and ammunition they,
are achieving the only possible objective;
at present in sight. • - ,' '•
It is not believed to be at all llkelytha:
General Kitchener will srrant any armis
tice as a preliminary to peace, or If he |
does he not let the War Office know,
of it until he learns the result. In fact,
fciall reliance is placed on such an offer,
lor even if General Bollia gave in the "War
Office is inclined to consider that his ac
tion would only affect tL<» forces under hfs
immediate individual command and that
th<? same policy which Is now being pur
fjed would have to be continued against
the ether Boer forces operating in vlcini
res far removed froxa the- Boer cogm-'
rr;ander-In -chief.
General Kitchener, telegraphing from
lliJdleburg (ia the Transvaal, on the rail
roa.d." bftween Pretoria and Portuguese
•eayp:; ; -"-);-:^<;-.> •::'•;,; ', ' ], _¦-.'
"The ''-'-i olio winff"' additional ca-Trturee' are
reported .t>y"-;K'r'cRth up to February ,23i-" : .
"Three >yr»<1r^i Bo^rs. EUtrendered; 'a. ::
13-twyndrr. Krup'p^ one howitzer, a Max
im, Vy.W r^u'r^ds tf.--Eir.adl arms ammiirti-j
tibn. ".;iS3v*r{ile'fi","-.:3!5i'-llbo.rses. - Sa4..trek"oxek:;-.:
tffll <~arr>. %BM 5b^f«i>.' : ar.d'-2S7 wasons.!anij"
ccLrt'?, The . Bnprs'./ic'aspaltles . were bur;
k!lUd a*l5ve,'woirndca''' • ;. . :;: . : '; •.'•¦';¦
-.Tii.eAy^r Office'. -seiected thp double >ain : -'
r.; vf-rf af :¦' ; of : ¦t+.ft^.tsftlp of ."Majub'a ' ttlll"'
and ¦Gtnpral Cnift^-'?'. surrender to publish'
Grri^ral. KK:iy-K"f.i?frv'"s dispatch \XO I<or<l '
R.ot'V-rts iirainie^i'vrh&lthe- events immed.t-'.
itf'y precfiirp th<i '*>urr«T.dEr. at Paarde
\ f re .:. T^o no news.'buv
.' It i^rr-arrr.s :.:"'>¦ r«ef»e'n" the" discussion- .re-"'
p.-jr-iing ilifi t*'r'i si ViJ! t '.i>nity.'. tor the attack
• 'Y> IV-'T ;:r/«_at Paa,rdeberff which:
V' r> -?:>• ;o lhc iiritish. : Only last'
ci pT.:r.s: . in t?v^.:lfeus? : '<5f . Cpnimons ;Mr.
!<ro.^r:'«, iti^. : ...^-aT.ScrTetar>', said.; that;
. •..<r;.r;i! ..1v'v1'j-vK«Ktiy:.-.\« r 3i:"'ln command;
; .pf^?j;rrab'y:.ii«».. *hjts','-'althouch his dl»-.
;>.;•¦ h.;.fon;eli}fie5- . as-FolipWsi;-''
Expect Operations to
! Be Reduced to a
1 Small Scale. \
BRITONS NOW
THINK BOERS
ARE CRUSHED
HAVANA, Feb. 27.— Clauses adopted by
the Cuban convention relating to rela
tions between the proposed Island repub
lic and the United " States will not be
satisfactory to the Washington Govern
ment.
. The scheme of relation was publicly ap
proved afternoon by the convention.
The preamble, which Is lengthy, sets
forth the receiving of letters from Gen
eral Wood outlining the wishes of the
Washington executive regarding, future
relations. It asserts the* -the convention
understood the desire of the executive
to be to bring about these specified rela
tions with°.;the object of preserving- the
independence, of Cuba, and that the sug
gestion as to the naval stations was
made on those lines.
'"But this In itself." the preamble goes
on to say,, "would militate against the
Independence- which c both parties desire
to. preserve."
V Regarding the other conditions for pre
serving peace, such as raising loans, the
preamble points out that these are fully
covered; by the constitution, which docu
ment, in the opinion, of' the- convention,
amply protects independence, Including
liberal laws as to the rights of foreigners
and -individual rights. / -v -?
- Regarding the sanitary question, the
preamble declares that the future gov
ernment should make arrangements with
the LTnited States to protect that country
as well as Cuba.'
.' The convention clearly implies that its
action would not bind the future govern
ment, for the last part of the preamble
reads:
"The convention considers that -rela
tions might exist if the first government
MnCe.r the republic thinks it advieable.^s^
Appended are the resolutions adopted
by the •convention relating to relations
With the;Unlted States:
.-TFlrst^T-The Government of Cuba will
tixoi make -.*' 'treaty or agreement. with any
foreign power which may compromise or
limit' the. -Independence of Cuba, or which
¦Way-, -permit or authorize any power to
¦oiitain, by. means of* colonization or mili
tary, .or -naval purposes, or in any other
¦manner, ,'a.ny foothold or authority, or
.right over any portion of Cuba,
y.f # Secohd' : -The government will not per
mit its territory to be used as a base of
¦ operations for war against the United
States'^ <>r against -.any foreign nation.
"' "Third— The Government of Cuba ac
cepts in tits, entirety the "treaty of Paris,
in which- are affirmed the rights of Cuba,
tothe extent" of the obligations which are
explicitly indicated in these, and especi
ally, those" which' the international law
imposed, for-;- the' protection of life and
property; -"ana substitutes itself ".for .'the
United.- States .in the pledge which they
assumed in that sense, "according to ar
ticles 12 arid. 16 of the treaty of Paris.
"Fourth— Cuba recognizes ," as • legally
valid alj'aots of the military govern
lient during the period of occupation, also
the. rights arising out of them, in con
formity with the Joint resolution and the
Foraker amendment -and the "• existing
laws of the country.
"Fifth— The Governments, of- the United
States and Cuba ought to regulate their
commercial relations by' means of a
treaty based on reciprocity 1 , and with
tendencies toward free trade in natural
and manufactured products, mutually a3-
Buring ample special advantages in their
respective markets." - ~
Request lor Naval "Stations
Turned Down and Future
GoTernment Not Bound.
Clauses Adopted on
Relations Are Not
Satisfactory.
CUBANS FAIL
TO HEED UNCLE
SAM'S WISHES
"It is by no means enough that an offi
cer of the navy should be a capable mari
ner," John Paul Jone-» declared. "He
must be that, of course, but also a great
deal- more!' He should be as well a gen
tleman of liberal education, refined man
ners, punctilious courtesy and the nicest
sense of personal honor. He should not
only be able to express himself clearly ami
with force in his own language both with
tongue and pen. Tbut he should also b*
versed in French and Spanish. He must
meet and mix with his Inferiors of rank
In society ashore and on such occasions
; he must have the tact to be easy and gra
] clou* with th«m, particularly when ladies
are present."
The friends of Rear Admiral Sampson
deplore the publication of his indorse
ment en Gunner Morgan's application for
his recommendation, trait they Insist tirit
his statements describe the exact situa
tion. They called attention to-day t» the
statements made /by John Paul Jones and
approved by General Washington, which
are almost identical with the views of
Admiral , Sampson.
-CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— There will
be no legislation In behalf of either Rear
Admiral Sampson or Rear Admiral Schlejr
at this session of Congress. The Senate
gave evidence of Us unwillingness to con
firm the nomination of these officers when
It declined to act upon them last night.'
but agreed tb the confirmation of all
other officers nominated by the President
for advancement. The refusal of the Sen
ate to confirm Sampson's and Schley's
nominations is . directly' traceable to the
former's expression of hla strong disap
proval of promotion -of enlisted men to
commissioned grades. ¦ ,..
Special ZMspatch to The Call.
But "Friends, ol ScWey Sup
mbM Shelving Presi
dent's Nomination.
Joliji: Paul Mes: Is
f OtioM to Justi^r
« s Sampson, v
NO PROMOTION
FOR ADMIRALS
THIS SESSION
HARRISBURG, Pa., Feb. Z7.-A bill was
Introduced In the Senate to-day making
the crime of kldnaplns and abduction for.
the purpose of extorting 1 mo\iey a felony,
and fixing the penalty like that of murder j
In the first degree. Ihe passage of the
bill will be expedited; It was drawn by
Judge Thayer of Philadelphia.
as Murder in First Degree.
Pennsylvania to Fir Penalty Sanra
, "I do not know whether the letteir !s au
thentic or a hoax," said Mr. Cudahy^ tp' a
reporter. "I will pay no attention! to Jt
and certainly have no Intention of letting
up on these men. The -writer or writers
of the letter directed m<* If agreeable \a
their prdposltion. to %t them know/by
means of ' personal advertisements ! liv
newspapers- of Omaha, Chicago and Mil
waukee, but I do not believe they will ever
have the pleasure of reading anything
from aia In th« advertising columns' of
¦any paper." , ' C' : -
KIDNAPING MADE A FELONY;
CHICAGO. Feb. 27.— E. A. Cudahy. th-3
Omaha packer, whose son was kidnaped
to secure a reward of $25,00). Is in receipt
of an anonymous letter declaring that
upon his assurance that the' kldnapera
would n.ot be punished all but $3000 of tha
ransom money would be returned to him.
The letter was mailed at. WaukeKan.IU.V
yesterday and sent to Omaha. Mr. Ciida- :
hy was In Chicago to-day and received, a
transcript of the letter by 'telegraph.'- %
Millionaire Packer -Refuses
to Seriously Consider
* tne Proposition.
KIDNAPERS
ARE ANXIOUS
TO ESCAPE
Mr. CMaliy Offered
$20,000|)|a]lOH
Detectives.
VOLUME LXXXJX-NO. 90.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, -FEBRUARY 28, 19^1 ''I
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CEiNTS.
Presiding Judge Dunne Makes a Sensational Order and
Explain^ It in a Statement That Prpduces >
a Furor in Legal Circles.
.«. ¦ ¦ ¦ - r • ¦ -1 ¦ -- - .-• -¦ - -¦ ¦ ¦ ' - * — J ;¦ " V," ' _ : -i- .t.
JUDGES TROUTT AND COFFEY
MAY NO MORE HEAR PETITIONS
OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATORSTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28/ 1901;
CORONE'S JURY CHARGES CAPTAIN AND PILOT OF RI O DE JANEIRO WITH CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE AND CENSURES THE PACIFIC MAIL
: * find fhat Sarah W. Wake fie Id came to hardeith in W Pacific fo^
the criminal negligence on the part of both Captain Ward? and Pilot Jordan , and we most strenuously censure the Pacific Mail Steamship Company for employing incompetent
W*<*e*reivs for saying human lives. .v ~- |l||| ¦ M ,^ ' "
y^t Signed: LEO GILBERT, GEORGE ' W. WISE, EC. TICKNOR, JULIUS SONNENBERG, S. C JAEGER, -W. H. DOUGLAS JR., W. W. f C0ULTER; S. H. COLL/NS (Foreman).
We came In at half speed. The fog lifted
once and"* then, came down on us
The witness then stated that he was
not nervous on account of the ship com
ing into port In a fog. because he felt he
was under experienced men. , He stated
that he had never entered the bay under
similar circumstances. The witness ex
plained the working of the telegraph sig
nal to the engine room from the bridge
and told how he had been in charge of the
Instrument oh Friday morning last. Con
tinuing, Coghlan said:
A.— The, pilot gave the order to the
first offlceir to take the anchor up.
The captain, had not reappeared. Cap
tain Ward came on th« bridge after
the anchor was up and the engines
had started. The captain took no
part in issuing orders. The pilot
seemed to be in command.
•O— Did the captain- interfere with the pilot?
•A.— I could see no Interference with : the
pilot by the captainl The pilot gave the orders
that morning. In my experience the pilot al
ways Issues the orders. ¦ • .,-¦.,
been at sea. since 1S89. I was In the navy
and also In the merchant marine. I have been
with the Pacific Mall Company for ,, fou^ ye '\ r J ! :
I was on watch below when the pilot Maraea
us last. Thursday evening. On Friday 1 1 came
on deck at 4 a. m. to relieve Third Officer
Holland. I called Captain Ward and also Pilot
Jordan. The- captain came on the bridge »»
minutes later. He looked around aw saw that
it was clear. We could see the Cliff House
lights plainly. Pilot Jordan had left word to 6*
called If the weather cleared. He came on
deck a few minutes before the captain, "hen
Jordan came on the bridge h* ordered the
anchor to be heaved. He gave the order to the
first officer,' who was forward. A few minutes
later Jordan ordered them, to stop heaving the
anchor and he went below. I presume he went
to see the captain. By this time the weath*r
had set In thick again. The pilot came bacR
In a few minutes alone.
Q.— What took place then?
The witness then described how ha was
trying to set the. wife of Consul Wildman
and her little boy. into a boat when the
Rio plunged down into the'bay. •.;
Q.— How long was it from the time the ship
struck until she sank? *
A. — About twenty minutes. . - . „... -. .
Q. — Could you not pet the passengers | in ' the
-boats In that time? v , .-. ,..-....
A.— We could . have done 'so. .but the passen
gers did not seem to realize the danger. There
was no panic The Chinese sailors were per
fectly orderly. I do not think a white crew
could have done any better 'than the Chinese
did. i It is not true that I said on Friday. that
neither the captain 'nor myself realized our
Q.— Did the captain order you to com* In?
A.— Te», he did.
Q.— What did he say?
A.— He said, "Let her go ahead." He or
dered the anchor up the eecond time. He
stld, "It will clear up soon." i
Q.— Did you advise him as to the danger?
A.— He could see for himself how thick it
vuf. All I could do was to act as adviser. I
tcld him tt was not saf«. I could not go con
trary to Ms order*. ; I never saw such a heavy
current. • >i - ', -" • *
, q.— Do you consider yourself responsible for
the 'laws' of the ship? • ' •
A.— No, I do not. I -did then what I have
dene" a hundred times before outside of the
eccentric current. *
Pilot Jordan then explained that there
was no law forbidding; . a ship, being
brought Into port in a fog, and that it
was a matter of Judgment.
At this point a. Juror questioned the wit
ness as to who gave the various orders for
the anchor to be Hoisted, and Coroner Le
land said: _ _ ...,;.,, '
It seems there was a conflict'- of authority.
You say you first ordered the chain "hauled In.
Then you • say « yon ; ordered it stopped. Then
you tell 'us the captain- ordered the anchor
hoisted. ',
Pilot Jordan— The captain ordered the anchor
up and .the thtp to go ahead . when .the fog
(f.me down:' .' £*,*-*•
The witness then explained the manner
of paying a pilot and told how all the
earnings of the pilots went into one fund
and was divided. . A ship like the Rio paid
$12U for pilotage.'' In reply to questions
the witness further said: -
If we had been going faster we would have
cvercome the tide. There is no ! way of es
timating * current when you cannot see It.'
I did not know of the strong current until we
struck. Information is only given to pilots
ah to high and low water."' After the ship
rtruck I told the captain I feared she would
drift off the rocks. I told him to blow the
danger signal. He blew a long, long blast.' -
Q.— Would that long, long blast be recognlxod
or the. coast as a danger signal? . *
A.— Certainly it would. - . '
Q.— %Vas 1t different from- the others?
, A. — Yes, .we had been blowing ordinary fog
signal*.' They 'lasted as -long as you- could
count* six", or,' seven. All* hands • went >to their
ptatlons -.when' the . danger signal. blew. •. It
lapted-a long time. -We started to clear th«
boats. ¦: t Bverythlng was" orderly. Every man
went, to his station..- I. roused, the passengers
and told them to hurry up. I went around the
deck/ while the whistle was blowing. I, helped
to' lower a boat.
Q. — How ' do you - explain that a - boat got
away with Chinese and no women or children?
A.— The ship went down as we were trying
to get them in. - . ;
A. — Because ho was late.
' Q.— What argument did he use to force you
to come in .against your better Judgment? ,-.
A.— He did not u*e. any arguments. I saw
h« was anxious to get in. ,
Pilot Jordan' then explained that ship
owners pay the pilot for services rendered.
and that a pilot was not paid extra to
bring a »hip Into port quickly. He said
that there was no reason for a pilot to i
proceed against his better Judgment ex
cept an anxiety to pjease his employers.
Pilot Jordan clung to .his testimony that
all he desired to do In bringing a vessel In
quickly was to please the owners of the
ship. .
Q.— 'Why was the captain anxious?
. Q.r-If you think it is not. altogether
safe to bring a vessel into port in a
log why did you jeopardize the lives
and property of the Bib? . ., •
..-A. — Well, the captain -was anxious
to come in. V ' • . • . / .
-j r— -. ; — r — . .• . ,
It Is misleading.. It "cannot be heard at any
diftance. . •
Q. (By a Juror)— Were your whistles going
as you came In? • ' -
A.— Ye*, every half-minute. .
Q.— *>' r hat Is your experience as a pilot?
A.-^I have served In this harbor for eleven
years. • In 1873 I commanded a coastwise ves
*el and remained commander for several year*.
I commanded thk "Wellington for two years
and have l?ad other ships. • I alwaj'* brnught
Bay own vessels Into port. I passed the pilot's
examination. . .
•¦g^ Do you consider It safe to come Into
prrt In a fog? Do pilots think It safe to do
thlfc if guided by the whistle*? Do .you think
it *afe? .-'.. ' •
•A.-^Yes. I think so. '¦ . t
Q.— Do you think. so absolutely?
.'A.— Well,- not. altogether eafe. ¦ • ' /: .
When Pilot Jordan came .ashore last
Friday he stated in positive, terms, -while
being interviewed at the Mail Dock, that
the ship had strucic on Mile Rock.. The
Mall Company or'y located the wreck on
Tuesday morning after the life-savers, un
der Camain Hodgnon, located the wreck
on Sunday. ConMnulnp, Pilot Jordan 8ald:
¦ Tht only way I can account for the accident
was the *wlrl of'the tide from Lime Point to
Fort Point and the fog which prevented us
seeing th* current on, the water.. .
Q.— Ton blame the "current, then? "
• A.— Entirely. ' . ¦ '> . ' - '
Q.— Do you blame an>thing else?
JLr- Yea," the imperfect whistle at Fort Point
Go on.
I knew I was past Mile Rock by the range
cf the whUtles. I tried to get an echo from
my whistle from Point rMablo. but I got- none.'
I then headed N. tt. E. for Lime Point In
crdtr to cut off the heavy tide. Captain Ward
and myself concluded that we were going
about four knot»-o\-er the ground, after allow
ing for the current. ' We were utlll «tecrtng
by the whlftles. The wind was S. E. and I
couia hear Llr;e Point whlstl« distinctly.. Part
of the crew wa* on deck. Seme of the men
¦were Chln»*e anfl some were white. Captain
Ward was op the bridge with me and the first
and recond officer* were also there. 1 asked
First Officer Johnron to ll«tcn on the etar
bcard «lde lor tl»e Fort Point bell. 1 felt per
fectly confident of my position at the time, it
confident aa if I was walking up the etrcei.
I went to Johnson every f«-w minutes .to ask
him If he had heard the bell, and he told me
no each time: Then we rtni'Vk .1 knew it
tvas en -Fort Point because I h-. -.rd . the ' bell
then' and n* the light.- : •¦-' ' . •
Coroner Leland— If you knew at that time
• *h»r* you struck why la tt tnateo many con-
CictinR ctatementa have been made as -to the
actual place where ¦ the ship grounded. Did
you - cot state last Friday that you had struck
on Mile Rock?
X t-aJd no>uch thing.' I knew exactly. where
we struck, tr.d when I went out yesterday in
the tug I located the wreck In fire minute*.
. Q.— Tell tie irnat harpened then.. .
X —Wo came on at half Fpeed. I started on
a northeast course and had L,lme Point straight
ahead and was running by the whistle on a
»orth?ast bearing. .-.
Q.—Do you usually take your bearings by the
6ound of whistle*? '.- . . _-.
. A.— Yes. when I know where I am.
A.— I told him that we yould not
go in. I said I would wait till day
iight.
Q.— What reply did Captain 'Ward
make to you then?
. A.— He said that it always cleared
at daylight and that we should go in.
Q.— Who was in absolute command
ct die ship at that timeP
A. — Captain Ward was in absolute
command. •• . • '
; I am a. pilot by profession. I live at 1716
» 11 etreet. I boarded the Rio de Janeiro on
.'Thursday, evening last about 5:30. I boarded
htr near th* uine-fa.thcm buoy and we ran
In -a si-.irf . diFtaace and went to anchor in
thirteen . falhcms <jf ¦ water. It w»a Vrt-y
¦ ti>itsr and we'' decided to stay there all niKht.
I knew- w«'»;^re Inside "the Inner bar buoy.
&s the .'-second . ma.te paid 'he saw the buoy as
«• p&ased it;, ij-left. orders to be called U the
weather: ctea.reA' ' : before 1 'retired. At 4 a. m.
«n Friday t:w4s called, and In ten minute*
I was on deck. I could ee« the lights, at the
CHff Houj<e. It w»s clear ill around. I asked
the xecond mate: it steam was up and he re
pcrte'l -thtt eteam ' would be up in half an
hour. In fifteen minutes he returned and fc&id
stefim'.'was up. •' I gave orders, to heave the an
tl.or.. fcivi while the ch&ln was being taken In
the fog came down and covered us completely
up. I sent forward to stop heaving- the an
chor a-mi Captain Ward came on the bridge at
that time. I tcld him what I had done.
Coroner Leland — What did you say
to the captain P t f
Pilot Frederick Jordan was the first wit
ness called by Cproaer Iceland and in an
swer to questions saidr ' . '
to Make Port. Caused Him to
Take Rio In.
Declares Captain.: Ward's Eagerness
PILOT JOBDAN TELUS : : -.' -. .
-: V HIS STOKY TO CORONER
: rUndor oath Pilot ; J ordan testified that
oil -."•Friday-- monjlns' last he '.had- advlst-d
Cajjtaia.'^ Ward -of . tnt llio de' Janeiro'not
lo.coRie' into port on accoinu of the foir.
Jle went- on to say that. Captain Ward ji;
tistipd on ccmhig.lnlo pprt'and that the
c>ptafn gave the order for the. anchor to
be nea.-vea up and for the ship to go ahead;
\ic6- President Scnw«Hn of the Pacific
3Iail v CAmivany. admitted on the'witn£*a
fctand that he did not believe a captain
vt big company would persist in coming
into- port -in face of a warning from -a
yilot, and Second.' OlHcer Ccghlan : testified
that it was Pilot Jordan : who gave ih«
Xinal order* fo-.t'alse ihe anchor and stai"..
the engines of ; th«- Rio de Janeiro when
th€- started :tohf-r s \intm. ¦-.':-.. . ¦ '•¦ s- .'•
Coroner- Lrf-la'hd. -p. eviotm-to calling wlt
nes^ps. explained to the jury 'that tne. in
vestigation was upon the body o£ Mrs.
Saran \V. Wdketicld, who had been
crowned by the ftnkmg of th^ Rlo.de
Janeiro, last l-'iidav, and that the -evi
dence would apply- to -the cases of ten
o«hcr bodies recovered from the wreck.
DESriTE the evidence of
Pilot . Kredcrlcic Jordan,
whoso testimony at the
Cfirrn«r"s incjuent on the
bodKf»<*of pome of the vic
tims of the Rio de Ja
neiro disaster yo.nerday
rast the entire blame for
: '; • ¦ . the disaster on the dead
. ; ....-.¦.••'.•.¦•."¦ capriiin of the steariishlp,
..V;-./t ¦'...•'. the jury charged the pilot
*ItX criminal ncgllstnce, -included the un
.iartUnsTe chip's commandof in the charge
and', .severely censured the Pacific Mall
" Steamship Company for employing Chi
nese crews on Us ships.
The investigation, as; conducted by Cor
•,oncr;.L<-l2r»d. was broad in Its scope ami
every facility was jriven by the Coroner
¦ : \k\ securing testimony, so that the public
mfght be Informed as to all the detail?
cf. the horror of la»i Friday which has
..thriH-iPdvthe entire world.. .,
, -..Baryiying offlccTs of the Rio de Janeiro
•end /spine' of her piste^igers were called
.!<« .give evlderrcp; testimony" "of" Pacific
-^Lstl -Company dhicials and pilots was
¦/Jiueird 'and-the lifeRav*rs were also called
tcVparjL. \o throw light. pnt. he early morning
; tragedy".;,. ':. ! • ¦-. -"\ •'..• •' '''•'''¦ . '.-•.;. i-\ '
The ; , £vidt»nce . showed., briefly" that pilots
. "ihatfe.. been.-; for many , : y^axs in the . Ita'bit
;'<>.f -i»riri-glns ;veEsels; 'Into vjKJrt in- dcn*e
'{6jcs,'.«Tell. 'khoWig the danger 'of such'.'a"
.jiro^eedi'ngy'lthit .the Rib de; Janeiro, after
.*ir4fc;a«^ soutid'eij Joud . distresa'signals,
> .tps h ic h. £¦" -al tho vigh : : '. heard" "• t» j ; * . '. the' ;• . 11 f e- '
¦ «avii^--'.ou.llo6k; ": : .wexe ; »C °ivq
: .tnV'..Gallihjg..-'oOut . -(hi. .lifeboats ° aind.
]"iix&:!? *£&??:'• ".'that; no ,: Bqundrngs.Vwere
': : %&ken'-',3)y. Jorder.. of-, .the "pilot or '¦ cap-.
'^talrt' : .in;irj'iirs to enter.'port;" that the trfjl
yemr^mwfipa^p^ to give/orders to, the
.V'<^Tpesfe,icrew..'of,.-the vessel owing to 'the
.;;ihiiijity>of"'ilie Waiter "to c-understand: the
. Iinelioh.;.lapguage;\that* but "-three boats
. .vre^eip-yertd struck,' and!
.ahatt^disast^iTnipht have bee"n averted .^
;¦; v ; tth'vithfe'Xi«ix:(s!&:.Qf.-<»rdinao* precautlpii:'
i ' : : ..<i..rahym:.'.Cpglilari; •¦¦t.ecbnd officer of ; th«
;. proved ;iite'srlf .year\*\y of . his flame in .the
.terrjO&le-sc.che.enacteji ©Jt -Fort Point .la*t \
ij'rjaay..' ipornins. and' : wa& ; commended --'toy . j
.•^th=e''...iur>-. for.lhis' bravery.:- : r \ : ; ' :. ¦ .;'•!• ; -. -.]
Second Officer Gives Straightforward
Account of ' "What Occurred on :
-:" * - ' Stekinahip's Bridge
"¦' Last Friday. Morning." ~ e " f
, Graham fCoghlan, second Officer of ' the
Rio de -Janeiro, ? was ; the first* witness
called arthe afternoon session. He testl
. fled • In part as follows: -\ •'¦ •
I was - second officer of the ship and have
• A.— I don't think one' of our .cap
tains would do any such thing. If a
pilot advised a captain not to gt> 'in
the*captain" would hot" do so. v
.Miss : Gabriello Leneroux " testified that
she. was a passenger on the Rio and that
she. was asleep in her berth when the ship
struck- She described how she rushed on
deck, and was placed in a boat; She could
not give "any Information as- to whether
the Chinese crew, was panic stricken. Miss
Leneroux gavevhejr evidence through a
French interpreter. • •- ° v .
,.- -,. ¦...-;¦-•¦ r -^ — "—— ¦*"¦ ¦•, "
COGHLAN SAYS PILOT . ¦
V . ' ALONE" GAVE: ORDERS
Ward would have acted contrary to
the advice of the. pilot P ' '
again. I saw no lighU until jar© ¦truck the
rock.' ,1 heard the fcg whistles going on. shore.
Ko "ouijdlngavwere taken as we' went In. I
saw the white light on Fort Point: about 'two
minutes ixlcit we «truck- When we struck
tlie car tain g-ve two long blasts en the whis
tla to t.binulrn ship. This signal called every
man to his pout. J They all responded promptly.
I went to the life . rafts to untlo.them. but
found that some one had already don« thl«.
I saw thre« boats on the starboard .side being
lowered. 'The other , boats forward could not
be lowered. .The bows of, the ship were down
in the water, and a man could not reach the*
boats. ¦ Four minutes after striking - the ¦ ship
was settling- rapidly. I* helped , to get two
boats> oft*. ¦ They were lowered in good order.
The crew acted in good style-. - They obeyed
orders and kept at thalr posts. The ship. went
down in ten minutes after striking. I bad my
boat ever in less than five mlnutM.. .'After.
Captalr Ward gave. the danger signal he tied
thai whistle ¦ £ord . down. I tied ¦ the cord of
the 'other whistle ', down, and both kept -blow-
Ing until > the steam , was exhausted. Any one
on shore would know that It was a dt*i??r
signal. -We were close in to Fort -Point light,
and the whistles must have been heard at the
Presidio. No soundings were taken ' as we
came- - In. though all the apparatus was - near
the chains. - 1 think the ship would have been
delayed by taking 'soundings. When !• got
my boat lowered I brought j her round to the
gangway and climbed back .on the ship. „ I
a captain If his ship is delayed. There Is no
reason for undue hi?te. A day or more makes
little difference to us.% No captain < Is .ever
blamed for being overdue. . , . .
Q.— Why do you employ Chinese? ; ¦¦ ; ¦ ¦*
¦¦ . A.— Because without them we. would have to
e> out of business. Other - companies employ
them and we could not pay high Wages /and
compete with these, companies. sWe ¦ pay a
Chinese rallor J9 a month and board. . A white
tailor gets S40 a month and board. ••
. Q. — Have you ever taken Into account; the
matter, of the, care of . passengers' lives when
ycu employ Chinese crews?- \ ¦•¦ . .. - ¦ •" '
, A.^— I have. had no reason to do so. Many
captains .prefer the Chinese crews. The Chi
nese have regular boat and fire, drills.' .We* do
not ¦ Consider, the lives-: of passengers * being
endangered on account of having Chinese sail
ors on our ships. 1 think women and children
- would N have -as -good -a chance for their* lives
with a . Chinese . crew • as they, would < with a
white crew. : I would be as willing to trust my
wife and children with a Chinese crew aa with
a white crew. Regarding' the currents. In the
bay it Is Impossible to keep track of them. 1 ' I
account f*>- the. wrecking, of the Rio -by. the
strong: ebb tide running and i no allowance be-
Ing.made for it. I. never had any doubt: as to
where .the 'ship "struck." »¦ JordAn '.told ¦ me ; on
Friday that 1 the' ship 'had 'run ion Mile -Rock—
do, ' pardon .me, j I mean Fort, Point, Rock. , -j
Q.— You have , heard Jordan - state • here that
Captain Ward said 'to hlm,»"L<et'us go: ahead,'
the fog will. clear. " ; Do you think Ward said
that? -¦•;•¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ' t ¦ . , o
-\ A.— It is hard for m# to say.'- %•*;.>,
;= Q.-^-Do 'you' thibk that ':/ Captaiu
PRINCIPAL WITNESSES WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY IN THE INVESTIGATION WHICH WAS HELD BY COR :
; ONER LELAND. TO PLACE THE BLAME FOR THE DEATHS OF THE MANY PERSONS DR0WNED : BY THE!
;t '"SINKING OF THE RIO DE JANEIRO. ' ki
Our' rules do not show who Is to take charge
of a ship - when a pilot goes on board. The
captain never loses the command of his ship.
The captain Is governed • by the revised laws
-ct the- United States rand <the pilot, by -the
"State laws. . A pilot is only an adviser, of the
captain. A pilot only has responsibility In re
gard to his position. and it' Is- In the. power ot
the Pilot Commission to punish him for will
ful neglect of duty. -Jordan Is one of the best
pilots on the bay. If, a dispute arises between
a captain and a pilot; In a ¦¦ dangerous place
the captain Is supreme. We employ pilots be
cause the law requires ub to take ; a - pilot ; or
pay half pilotage. 'As we have 'to pay for it
*«• take them on our ships.' »" The -underwriters
also consider It safer to have a pilot on board.
He IS considered to know the ; local conditions
better than a"' captain. •; Our positive : orders i to
captains and pilots - are that , they must \ nut
enter or leave." port " in ' a" fog. '. '.¦.".,. .*'.-¦
i Q.— Who - Is r responsible : for ¦ the -"' Rio * being
brought In on Friday. In a fog?. _- . •<, / , ¦-,¦.:.
A. — The pilot could not have done so -without
the caDtaln'eoennieiion. »1 don't .believe the
captain : would have done so if the -pilot had
civlsed against it. - There is no penalty for
-.R. P. Schwerin, vice president and gen-'
eral manager of the Pacific "Mail Steam
ship Company, was then called -to the wit
ness stand. In. reply to Coroner Leland
the witness said:' -l^fiB^RSK^^^^S
danger.' ' On the. contrary, as soon as we struck
I told the captain that the ship was gone. . .
Regarding the Chinese crews of the Mail
Company's ships. Pilot Jordan . averred
that he . never met' a | man of the' crews
who did not understand ; English. '. * . -^
¦•-': '¦" •* 'i m
SCHWEBIN • DISBELIEVES
0 f-J '¦¦' ', J JOBDAN'S * STATEMENTS
Does Not Think : a Captain of . Hi?
''Company Would, Against Pilot's -
Advice, Bring .; a^ Ship -
• " Ttitn Tr*rvrf • •' '. -i „ ¦ , '
JURY PRAISES
COGHLAN FOR
HIS BRAVERY
To the Press: "We, the jury,
extend. our /heartiest good will
to Graham Coghlan, second of
ficer . of the wrecked Bio/ de
Janiero, for his heroic actions
and conduct during the terri
ble disaster. ;¦''''.
LEO QILBEBT,
GEORGE W.'WISE,
- El C. TICKNOB,
JULIUS SONNENBEBG,
s. a jaegeb;
W." EL~ DOUGLAS JB.,
W. W. COULTER,
S. H. COLLINS (foreman) .
A similar verdict was returned In tn«
cases of Edward Barwlck, Angela Gu«
slno, Julia Dorman, J. Ailachl. Charles
Dowdali; Mrs. Alfred Hart. Sing L.ung
Ng. Chan Jun. Jeong On. Jow Dock.
The Jury further Issued a statement to
the press "complimenting Second Officer
O. Coghlan for his heroism In helping to
save life. "• ' ¦ ' • ¦
A few minutes after the Jury had ren
dered it? verdict Major Blakeney. Superin
tendent of the Twelfth Ufe-saving pis
trlct. entered the Coroner's office and with
out announcing himself asked the deputies
where- "his man Hodgson" was. When
told that Captain Hodgson had been ex
amined, as a witness at the Inquest and'
had departed the major dramatically de
clared that subpena or no subpent "his
man", had violated orders In leaviig the '
station without first receiving the permis
sion of his superior, the major. ACer ex
plaining to the deputies the importance
of bis position the major bade them good
day. but continued for half an lour to
criticise the testimony, of .those who had
said that they heard the Rio "blow her,
danger whistle" and every other witness
whose opinion differed with his. = v .
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
has .made arrangements with T; P. 3 H.
•Whltelaw, the wrecker, to salve'every
thing possible from the Rio : de Janeiro.
Mr. Whltelaw was busy all day yesterday
. getting his tools and appliances ready and
a start will be made as soon aa possible.
The first anarch 'Will be for the bodies of
the victims that are known to be confined
In the ¦ engine-rcom and steerage of the
ship. * Then the cargo will be salved stnd
lastly everything that can? be got out ot
the hull. ¦ -•-¦ :,.,k
Evidence Shows Apparent Neglect of
Duty on Part of • Lookout
Ellingson at ; Fort Point „.
: ¦- Station.
Captain J. Hodgson, of the Fort Point
life-saving station testified that hl» sta
tion was about a mile from where th«
Rio struck. He was In bed at 'the time,
as were the men In the station. The look
out at Fort Point. Mark Klllnsrson. had
sent in no signal at the time of the strik
ing of the ship. Referring to the lookout,
he said:
Elllngsom has told me that he heard noth
ing out of th» ordinary that morning' and did
not know of the wreck until a boatload of
people came ashore. If we had received th»
.alarm we would have been to the wreck In *
few minutes. We heard no whistles down a:
our station. ¦ ¦¦ • - . -= $.<•¦¦
Autopsy Surgeon Baclgalupl - testified
that the bodies of the persons recovered
from the disaster had been examined by
him and that death had been caused by
asphyxiation from submersion. '.-..-¦ .
The jury then retired to consider its
verdict, and after being out for over an
hour returned a verdict aa follows:
"We the Jury, find that Sarah W.' Wakefleli*.
came to her death in the Pacific Ocean on. th»
22d day ef February,' 1901, through asphyxia*
tlon from submersion, caused by the' criminal
negligence on the part of both Captain Ward
and Pilot • Jordan. - and we most strenuously
censure the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
for employing ¦ incompetent Chinese crews fot x
saving human lives.. • . .'.:• . • • .; '. -,
LIFE-SAVEB SAYS : ;: V ;V
HE HEARD NO . SIGNALS
STATEMENTS CONFLICT
6N IMPORTANT MATTEB
Officer Holland Says Ship Went
Down in Five Minutes After
Striking— Herlihy Says
• Twenty Minutes.
Third Officer T. J. Holland gave similar
testimony to the previous witness. He
testified that the Chinese crew obeyed or
ders -when the danger signal sounded.
The witness told how he lowered his boat
and remained la It until the ship plunged
beneath the surface. Holland sa.il
he did not try to go back to the ship to
rescue any passengers. He placed the 1
time between the striking ana sinking ol
the ship at five" minutes. Witness told or
reaching Meieirs whanf In h!.* boat and
givinsr the alarm. He'alsa testified as tc
the Ions whistles blown by the sirens ot
the Rio before she went down. >
Hong Ming, boatswain of theRlov was
called, and with difficulty Coroner Leland
secured testimony from him.,' The Chinese
sailor said that all his men were, orderly
when the ship strucX and that they went
to their posts. He told how the Ohlneso
sailors were "no flald." "no aoalee." "allee.
samee flxee boat*."= Hong Ming told with
pride how he had remained c on the deck
of. the Rio and went down with her. .H-s.
also testified to- the long whistles sounded
before the vessel «ankW '-¦¦-- ¦¦¦ .
Lum Loy, the Chinese cook of the Rio,
was the next "witness, but he could throw
little light on the subject of the wreck.
P. H. Long, one of the Rlo's passengers,
testified that he' .was on deck when ttvj
ship 'started to come in. On the night
before the captain had told, him that it
was against, f he orders of the company
to come into, port in a; fog and that the;
ship , would ; remain • outside all night.
When the ship struck the rocks, the wit
ness said he kept away from the boats
so as not to hamper the work of the crew.
He said: ,; r . . 'i -"¦_•': ?:". ..
I did not think we were In much danger and
went below to pack my valises. I got on dec'*
end put a life belt on and then the ship sank.
The witness said he. heard the. first offl
! cer berate a quartermaster for not get
| tine a boat out, and that the quartermas
i ter claimed his Chinese crew had deserted
him.
Chief Engineer P. H. Herllhy was then
examined. He stated that he was In his
berth when the engines started. He went
on deck and saw a heavy fog. The wit
ness was in his room when the ship strucit
the- rocks. In .answer to questions, b*
sald:?-^;;.:^
: I felt It was dangerous to go ahead la •
-f os: and thought we needed a lot of caution.
-When she struck I rushed from my room to
th» enstce-roOm and stopped t&e irafhiairr.
I pave orders to start the pumps. There w<?r»
four feet of water then under the plates. Th».
v. hist I? 9 were Mowing in long 1 blasts. I. sent
word to the captain by the second officer af
the situation In the engine-room. Then- I or
dered, my. men up from below. The steam es
cape valves were opened, so as to prevent
bursting 'pipes. The escaping steam mode a
loud noise. 1 place the time the ship was
afloat after she struck at twenty minutes. I
was with my men by the donkey engine on
deck when the ship sank. ..¦-,;. .
The witness then told how he came to
the surface, caught hold of a raft and
was saved. ¦ ¦
Dr. A. A. O'Neill testified that he was
surgeon on the Rio, and that he was in
his room when the ship struck. The wit
ness explained how he had lowered his
boat and owing to a Cninese> sailor let
ting go one of the ropes the boat had
rilled with 'water. He was balling the
water out of his boat with a bucket at
the time the pilot was trying to get Mrs.
Wlldman and her child down to the doc
tor's boat. At that moment the Rio went
down.
William Brander. a passenger, and
Steerage Steward H. Donahue also gave
testimony similar to that of the previous
witnesses. . ¦ '.
.' - , , " m ' •¦¦..¦¦
helped to set a number of passengers Into rv"V
boat. Un the last ' trip I made back to the
ship I had to climb up a rope. ....¦ ¦ -*
....•-.¦ — :¦.'¦- .¦¦ ¦.-.¦..¦ • .•¦•.¦.-.. . . ¦ _ . ' : 77^ : ; .. ¦. •.......••. ¦ - . * • -¦ ..:¦¦¦. -
Graham Cog-Man for fie^qisrh.
PILOT AND CAPTAIN OF THE RIO DE JANEIRO
ARE CHARGED WITH CRIMINAL NEGLECT BY A JURY
2
King Edward 'Visits Con-tunptives.
.CRONBERQ. Feb. 27.—klnK,Edward to-
day, visited the sanitarium for consump-
tives and talked with the patient*.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne removes' the cause. •
The Grip 3 Cure That Does Cure
• To" Cure a Cold' in* One Day. '
TaVa Laxative "Bromo s Quinine : Tablets. AU
diugglMt refund the money it It fails to cuie.
l~. W. Grtve'* glfnatur* Is on each box, 23c. *Tyrrell's Measure Is Reported With the Recornmenda=
tioh That It Pass.
SENATE COMMITTEE WOULD
BAR THE NICKEL MACHINES
SOME SNAPSHOTS FROM A CARTOONIST'S KODAK.
ing-car companies to let down an upper
berth unless there 13 some one to sleep In
it. Burnett's bill to tax express com
panies 2 per cent of their earnings was re
ported with the recommendation that It
do not pass. The Committee on Health
reported back Assembly bill 539 with the
recommendation that it pass. This is the
bill which puts the Siate Board of Health
in sole charge on the Introduction of con
tagious diseases into the State.
much to secure It so large a vote. Is be
ing generally congratulated on the result.
These Have Become Laws.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 27.-Among the
bills. which have become laws by constitu
tional provision are the following:
By ' Davis— Two. appropriating: $1300 for^ lnj
provements at Preston School.
By' Leavitt— Appropriating- $4930 65 to pay the
claims of employes of State Printing Office.
By Taylor— Enlarging; the powers of muni
cipalities.
By Johnson— Requiring that all ex-prisoners
when discharged from any penal institution In
the State shall be released on Monday, regard
less of the day of the week upon whlca «he
term of confinement commenced.
vislons which make It" a felony to publish,
advertisements of lotteries, but the com
mittee would not make the amendment. 1
The bill came out with the favorable votes
of Simpson, Ashe., Leavitt, Welch, Cutter
and Oneal. Johnson's bill to the same
effect came over ;o the Senate to-day
after passing the "Assembly. It was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. •
The committee reported, without recom
mendation, Caldweli's bill to forbid sleep-
San Franciscan's Shotgn" 1 I» Acci-
HTJNTEB BADLY WOUNDED.
dentally Discharged.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 27.— Edward Stocklln.
a carpenter whose home is in San Fran
cisco, was accidentally shot In the left
side and shoulder while hunting near
Evergreen this morning. Stocklin left the
city this morning at 5 o'clock with Ed
Beck for a day"9 hunt. While- driving
two miles beyond Evergreen. Stocklln's
gun slipped from the buggy and dropped
between the wheels. The triggers struck
the step of the vehicle and both barrels
were discharged. The contents entered
Stocklin's side Just fcelow the armpit, and
ranging upward came out at the top of
the shoulder, blowing a hole through
which a child's hand could Have been
passed.
Stocklin was brought to this city in a
fainting condition from loss of blood. It
Is feared the shoulder may have to be
amputated. He Is 50 years of age and
should amputation be necessary he may
not be able to stand the shock.
STOIKERS .V1CTOBIOTJS.
San Jose Painters Compel Becognl-
tion of Their Union.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 27.— The strike of the
Journeymen painters, which has been on
for the past ten days, has resulted In a
Victor}' for the union. It -was declared oft
last night, and the men returned to work
to-day. The strike was ordered to en
force the recognition of the union by the
boss painters and to maintain a uniform
scale of J3 per day. Both of these de
mands have been acceded to. The Paint
ers' Union made one little concession,
that of allowing the non-union men now
employed to continue at work for a short
period, when they must either join the
union or quit. Eighty-one men were af
fected by the strike.
Special Dispatch ta Tb* Call.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 27. — One of the most
complete trains that ever crossed the con
tinent was that which arrived to-day with
the first of the Golden Gate excursions of
the Pennsylvania Railroad from New
York and Pennsylvania. Th© train Is
made up of sleepers, compartment cars,
an observation. car. parlor, smoker, diner
and baggage cars. It is lighted by elec
tricity and heated, when out of California,
by steam. Servants, porters and baggage
men are in attendance.
The party was taken immediately to the
Hotel del Coronado, where it will have
headquarters while visiting the many
points of interest in Southern California
and visiting Mexico. The train will leave
here on Saturday morning for San Fran
cisco, by way of Santa Barbara and I>el
Monte. It is expected that It will reach
San Francisco on March 8, there to re
main a week.
The party, is made up of the following:
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Baile/. Mr. and Mrs.
Mahlon Bryan. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Moore.
Mr. and Mrs. William King. Mr. and Mrs.
William Park. Mr. and Mrs. C. X. Rusch
enberger, George Welsbrod and O. T.
Boyd of Philadelphia. S. A. Crozer. Mr.
and Mrs. J. P. Cro*er. Miss AV. W. Cro
zer and Miss Ida T. Hines of Upland, Pa.,
Mr. and Mrs. Otto Barthol and Ml?s
Emma Butlerbus of South Norwalk. Pa..
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander -Wlster, Miss H.
L. Wi3ter and Miss E. W. Wlster of Ger
mantown. Pa., Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Kaul
and Miss Josephine Kaul of St. Marys.
Pa.; Misses Loutse and Florence Streuber
of Erie, Pa.. Miss L. M. and E. S. Deemer
of Wllliamsport. Pa., Mr. and Mrs. T. R.
Helt of York. Pa.. Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Nathln of Westover, Pa.. Mr. and Mre.
H; C.° Trexler of AUentown. Pa.. Mrs. M.
McCormick and Mi.«3 Shannon of Pitts
burg •J'a., J." B. McVeety of Brooklyn,"
N. Y\, Lucine Moore of Hudson. N. Y..
Mr. and Mrs. N*. J. Hade of New York.
Dr. and Mrs. J. J. Clark of Xew Brighton,.
N. T., Mr. and' Mrs. Benjamin Rlegel of
Riegelsville, N. J.; Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Will. Colonel -H. H. Abernathy and Miss
Emma Abernathy of Jersey City, Mrs.
Mary Ranney of Paiereon. X. J.. James
Dunn and Miss Dunn of Brooklyn. NY.,
J. S. Westcott of Atlantic City. N. J..
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Woodworth of Lowell.
Mass.. and Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Keeves of
Rutland, Vt. >• '
First of the Pennsylvania Railway')
Specials Brings a LorgB
Party From Atlantic
?> States,
COMING ON TO SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Tourists Arrive in
a Splendidly Equipped
ir&in.
GOLDEN GATE
EXCURSIONSTS
AT SAN DIEGO
The Assembly Recalls Broughton's
.,°* County Division Bill; °"
CALL HEADQUARTERS. > SACRA
MENTO, Feb. C 27.— Broughton moved this
morning that the vote by which the coun
ty division bill was defeated be reconsid
ered. "'Upon, his 'explanation = that the
friends of the measure were> willing to
accept the amendment offered 3 yesterday
by Alden Anderson, the vote of'many As
eemblymen J for reconsideration was'ob
tained, and on rolljra.ll the vote stood 45
ayes to 19 noes. Broughton then offered
the amendment proposed " yesterday by
Anderson, making necessary the signa
tures of three-fifths of the land' owners
of the entire county upon the petition of
the initiative of a coUntx. division move
ment. The amendment was adopted, and
upon motion;, of Broughton "the bill was
made a special jarder for to-morrow at
3:30 p. m. ' o = » o°
Broughton's prominence in o the county
division movement is peculiar when it is
remembered that he was - pledged by hla
constituents not to propose, support "¦ or
vote for any county division movement.
It Is explained, however, by the property
interests of his family at Lompoc. which
town aspires to be the county seat of a
new. county cut from Santa, Barbara
County. 0
State Highways Amendment.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— Senator Snslth-qf Kern
introduced a constitutional amendment to
day'providing for the creation of a 0 sys
tem of 'State highways.: The amendment
comes frora the Finance Committee, and
is in pursuance of the policy decided upon
there not to report favorably upon any
road bills. The amendment is as follows:
. The I^Klclature shall have power to estab
lish a f>ystem of State hiKhwayw or. to declare
any road a State htKhway, and to ¦= pas* all
laws necessary or proper to construe* "and
maintain the same, an<7 to extend aid for the
construction and maintenance in whole ! or in
part of any county highway. , ¦
Kinyoun Affair Unsettled.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. {SACRA
MENTO, . Feb. 27.— Anderson's substitute
for the-sjcrnyo.un resolutions was referred
to the Committee, on Federal Relations
this morning. This carries with it the
entire question/and postpones the final
settlement of the bitter contest over it.- ¦'
China* Basin Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 27.— Davis 1 bill to ratify the
lease of China Basin was read the second
time and passed to third reading this
morning. Before It passed, however. It
was announced by Wolfe that there were
some amendments to the bill to be intro
duced, and he wanted it understood that
in allowing the bill to go to third reading
without protest he was waiving no right
to amend It on third reading. This was
agreed to and the bill was read the second
time.
There are two i Important amendments
which will be offered, and a determined
fight will be made to have them made
part of the bill. Wolfe will submit an
amendment opening the lease to competi
tive bidding, and Shortridge probably will
offer. an amendment raising the rent to be
paid for the leased property from $1000 to
something like 1100,000.
McNeil, Barnes and Kelley of the As
sembly Committee on . Commerce and
Navigation , presented a minority report
this morning recommending the China
Basin lease bills for passage. The major
ity report sent In last Thursday sent the
bill back without recommendation. The
delay in sending in the minority report
was due to McNeil's absence and the fact
that the report he left^to be introduced
was mislaid. a ' c °.
VOTES FOR RECONSIDERATION.
Attempt Will Be Made to Amend the
PASSES TO THIRD READING.
ALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
(T MENTO. Feb. 27.— The Senate
(I . Committee on Corporations has
sent Tyrrell's nickel-ln-the-slot
machine bill out on the file with
the recommendation that it pass. Leavitt
called up the bill and then seconded
Welch's motion that the bill be reported
back with the recommendation that it
pass. Oneal wished to strike out the pro-
TO BLOCK UNIVERSITY BILLS.
541 in the Assembly.
Johnson to Make a Fight Against No.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— It has become evident
that the University of California bills will
not have. entirely plain sailing in the As
sembly. The .two measures, 540 *nd 541.
came up on second reading to-day and
Johnson gave notice that he would fight
541 on its third leading.
Assembly bill 5-41 is the measure appro
priating SoQ.OOO to make good the loss on
the Turner mortgage investment made by
the University Regents. Johnson said he
regarded it as dangerous legislation, inim
ical to good finances and morally wrong.
He believed the Regents should be re
quired to make good any losses suffered
through unwise investment by retrench
ment in other directions, and not by com
ing to the State for a flat -appropriation
to cover the loss.
On motion of Bauer the bill was re
ported back from the committee of the
whole with the recommendation that "it
pass. Assembly bill 5iO, appropriating
$200,000 for the university, was likewise fa
vorably reported and the two measures
took their places on the third reading tile.
DELAT ON PRIMAB.Y BILLS.
Assembly Orders Election Committee
to Beport To-Day.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— The general Impatience
at c the delay in' getting the more im
portant bills now In the committee before
the Assembly and Senate was voiced this
morning by Alden Anderson. He moved
that the Committee on Elections be in
structed to report back before the close
of the day's session all the primary elec
tion bills now In its hands. Sheridan and
Carter explained that the committee was
working through these bills with the
greatest possible celerity, and that the
committee substitute for • the batch of
primary election bills was almost ready,
for favorable recommendation. s
"Anderson consented to -a change In his
motion, directing the committee to re
port to-morrow, and in that form the mo
tion was carried.
Date of Final Adjournment.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA^
MENTO, -Feb. 27.— Anderson of Solano
introduced in the Assembly this morning
"Assembly concurrent resolution No. 8,
providing that the Legislature shall ad
journ at noon on March 9. r The resolu
tion was referred to the Ways and Means
Committee. .While' there is a strong sen
timent "for adjournment on that date,
many Assemblymen and Senators favor
amending the resolution by changing
the date to the 16th,! The general opinion
seems to. favor the latter plan, it being
feared that otherwise some of the bills,
the passage of 'which is deemed essential,
will not be reached on final passage in
both houses, o , ,v- f V- - °
Dental Examiners Bill Argoied.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO.-Fet>. 27.— Devlin's bill to' provide
an-examinlng board for dentists 'was the
cause of three-auarteis of an hour's ora
tory before the Senat? to-night and then
(he rollcall upon it was postponed. The
bill, proposes that all dentists shall be
licensed by the board before being^Uowe.l
to practice, but it exempts from the pro
visions of the act dentists who are al
ready, practicing. The bill will come up
for, passage to 0 -morrow.- o
Santa Barbara Road Bill Passes.
°CALL .HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 27.— Assimbly bill 249,' mak
ing an appropriation <.o build a State high
way connecting the county . road system-j
of Santa Barbara and Kern counties was
passed by the'Asserably to-day by a von
of 66 ayes and cnoner.ealnst. Chief CHetk
Clio Lloyd. -.whose inti-rest in the bill did
Intsreststhe Coast.
v WASHINGTON, Feb. C 27.— Postofflce es
tablished, California: Stone" Canyon. Mon
terey, County, Frederick J. Horsewlll post
master.- Xanie changed: Washington, Vlc
tora. Mason "CoUrtty, to Allyn.
Postmasters commissioned — California,
Jesse Jl. Dungan. Woodland. Washing
ton. John G. Peberhard.' Allyn. Appointed
— California. L. A. Perkins. Perkins. Sac
ramento County^ vice S. G. Foster,: de
ceased." Oregon. 0 E. C. Fawcett, Watkins,
Jackson County, vice Mark Watkins, de
ceased. ° °
WILL GO TO CANADA
TO cfAIM A FORTUNE
Ben Lomond Resident Hears From
Belatives From Whom He Parted
When a Child.
EAXTA CRUZ... Feb. 27.— J» F. Adams,
who for three years has been a resident
of Ben IiOmond, will soon leave for
Canada, where a fortune awaits him.
Thlrty-flve years ago, when he was 7
years old. his half-brother and half
sister Induced him to leave home and
parents and join them In Iowa. A year
later they made him believe that hla
father was dead, and showed him what
they claimed was a lock of his lather's
hair. Only recently Adams learned that
his father had lived twelve years after
that.
When he was fifteen years old Adams
came to California. His father had lost
trace of him. Young Adams soon for
got all about his home. He did not
know his own age and hardly remem
bered his name. Adams engaged In
newspaper work, and up to three years
ago was employed on the Sacramento
Bee. He cama to Ben Lomond for
the benefit of his wife's health. The
first news he had of his relatives came
five years ago. when a circus man ln
fomed him of the wealth of his. brothers
residing in Canada. Adams did not enter
into communication with them, but the
circus man informed the brothers of
Adams' residence in California. A month
ago they located him at Ben Lomond
and Invited him to come home. They
said that about $50,000 awaited him on
his return.
MISSING BILL IS FOITND.
Its Disappearance Causes a Stir for
• •' a Tiine.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 27.— Senator Leavltfs blH.
No. 36, making the office of State Printer
appointive instead i o£ elective, caused . a
stir to-day by disappearing. It has passed
the Senate and had been referred to the
Committee on Public Printing in the As
sembly. On Thursday evening last a del
egation from, the Federated Trades and
from the State Printing Office came before
the Assembly committee to support tb.3
biJl and last evening Kelley of Aiameda
believed he had reported the bill back fa
vorably, but Instead It had been laid oa
Johnson's desk with a number of ether
bills, and It was found tucked away hi
one of the plgeon-bol<*s there.
In the meantime Loivltt introduced a
similar bill in the Senate under suspen
sion of the constitutlonr.l provision, as the
time for. introducing bills had passed.
Then, in the afternoon, bv unanimous
vote, the ¦constitution was suspended
again and. the bill was read the second an.l
third time and was » »nt over to the As
sembly. About thaf.iine the original bill
was found and was sor.t in with a favor
able report, so Leavltt will withdraw his
later measure. R was .thought until the
bill was found that it had been stolen.
COUNTY * GOVEENMENT BILL.
Lukens Introduces the Measure in
• the c Senate. .-' ...
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO. Feb. 27.— Senator Lukens ob
tained a suspension vt the rules this
evening and Introduced the county gov
ernment bill.':' It c is a bulky document,
dealing with eyerj" county in the State ex
cept San Francisco.
The measure was drawn up after a con
sultation with =the "Various delegation*
and whenever a knotty point appeared it
was referred "to the legislators from. th<>
county interested. It is the result of sev
eral' weeks ot hard .labor, but, so much
has beerf left to the delegations and so
freely -haji-e they bfeen 0 ion«sulted It Is not
probable, any material amendments
will be made on the floor -of either house.
The bill Tvas ordered on nle at once and
was sent to *he printer .with a, "rush"
order. •,. ° ', •¦ s .
XPTLMOT A COUNTERFEITER.
Port Toxmsend Suicide.
Molda Found In the Effects of the
. POST TOTTXSEND, Feb., Ti.—^napng
the effects of W. W*.\vi:mot. t who.com
mitted suicide on Sunday. en. the American
ship Kennc-be<?. were found . a. ; c6ujSle. cf
eets of counterfeiter's tools;. %lncluding"
molds for making 55 and $10 gold: piece?.
The ten-do!'.ar nrolds bore "the date_ of lSl»3.
and the- f.ve~do!lar/. molds .1SSS arid ISSf.
There m-as : alsr>-foui;d- a -quantity pf^copr
p«r -wire... Sotbx cf tlve.tnolds had-'been ex
tensively used and. the authorities are of
th» oplnjon that Wjlmot placed a coni
fiderahie amount c 'off spurious? money.' Hi
circulation at San Franclscol'' Several re
ceipt* *cr rc?:sstfire'l packages addressed
to a 'won-.an at San Francisco lead the au
thorities to believe the was the dlstrlbut
lripafr'-nt for hfm. . '. ¦" - ¦ '•= } .'•'
Sr*c!*J Dispatch to Tbe Can.
IXjbl, Feb. n— A runaway wife ana
her male companion, with an angry hus
band In: hot pursuit, supplied Lodi with a
morsel ' of excitement this mornlnar and
mads hlstorj' over a trail of forty odi
miles from Paloma, where the Gwinn mine
is located, to this place. The runawajs
reached the town first and made their es
cape, on the early morning northbound
passenger' train. The wronged husband
arrived later In the morning and took th«
next train for the north In pursuit of the
faithless wife and the man who wrecked
his home.
R, W. linvllle Is an employe at the
Gwlnn mine, working on the night shift.
On his return home this morning he found
his two little daughters alone In th«
house, weeping ana trembling With fear.
"Mamma went away with Mr. McRae
and took Georgle," said one of the little
ones. . .
Gecrgie Is LJnvllle's youngest child and
only son. On the floor lay numerous
articles which the woman had dropped in
her hurry to pack her belongings. Lln
vilie picked up the photograph of a
strange- man, .
-. VThat's Mr. McRae, papa," one of the
children told him. :
No jiote or word had been left. LinvMt,
hurried to Valley Spring, where he found
that the man calling himself McKae hal
left for-Liodl seme time in the night with
the woman and child in a buggy. JLin
ville- cauEht the train lor thla place, but
arrived too late. It was discovered that
the man; - woman arid child arrived. her<
early, this' morning' and, aicer a hurried
breakfast, left for the north.? , - ; , c
.• Mr; and Mrs.LJnvilltf have been married
seven years and have three children. For
some time the family, resided at Aberdeen,
Wash-.-, : where I LJnville believes his- -wife
metMcHae and became Infatuated wttlt
him.- .'McRae was In the tailoring business
at Aixrdeett at that t'me. A month ago
UnvlHe removed to Paloma and It Is evi
dent that the-" tailor soon followed. He
was in Lodllast Saturday, went away and
Teturtied' yesterday afternoon, when he
hired-a livery rig and .drove to Valley
Spring. There .he left the- outfit, hired a
hor»e .and' cart and drove on to Paloma
far tfee woman. She had evidently planned
to leave, as she had -asked for money to
make a ¦ visit to ner old Aberdeen ; home.
Xlnville drew $75= for that purpose this
morning before quitting work and arrived
at home only to find ner absent. He Says
he will have his boy back If it costs h's
life. ¦¦¦The woman he wishes never to see
again.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 27.— R. V?. Llnvllle
Is in Sacramento to-night, looking for his
wife, who eloped from Lddi this morning.
B. W. linvUIe Swears He Will Ke
:¦-'.coyer His Child From Its Fuji-;
'.£$ / ? tive Mother if HeXesesHls
''~J~. ¦':';'. .-.: Xife in the Attempt. .'
CONTINUES THE CHASE BY TRAIN
Forty-Mile Pursuit From
Paloma to Lodi Ends ;
S5f in Defeat ffi
HUSBAND FAILS
TO GATCH HIS
ELOPING WIFE
Special Plspateh to TNs C*:L
KESTTTCK. Feb. 27.— The : Carrie ;Natlon
ejlrtt tas prevailed la Keswlck during:
the ptst few days and the moral regenera
tion cf Keswlck ta» Lccun. X week egro
m. rood fi-overr.aa«nt club . was organized
frcn: arr.or,e the best cltlrecs of Keswick
It -numbers 100 members and, Ei.rar.ce to
eay. scrae of them are saloon-keepers. Oa
Herder clefct It was decided that th«j
crusaco should begin at once. Since then
twenty arrests have been made. .
"While officers were searching several
bcHdirg-s under a search warrant proceed
for pcni« g-oo<5s Btolen. from & saloon, thev
four.fi cot only the stolen articles . but
tw-> cpitsi joists as well. The joints were
ra'.2c<5, five arrests made and the out
fits confiscated. The fifteen arrests wero
trade amor.p the women of the half-wor;d.
who hereafter will be compelled to live
strictly within th« prescribed limits of
the tenderloin district.
Keewick proposes to purify itself of all
undesirable elements. There Is no. Inten
tion to war against che saloons, as they
are reco^nlted as within the law. . ...
Citizens Determine That th* >Vlcic>us
Element Shall Hereafter/.tHye . ,;-.
the Smelter . Towa;a ; V.Y-V \
Wide Bertlu}-.": :•';':¦-. .¦'¦¦¦/:'"/.
CARRIE NATION
SPIRIT SEIZES
UPON KESWICK
Eren Saloon Proprietors
Declare: for Moral*^
Relorm.
. ' : • ..¦.'-•¦•'•-¦..¦ ••.¦
TWENTY OFFENDERS ARtfBOHJN
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THTJKSD AY, FEBRUARY 28, 1901.
3
. ;- ADVERTISEMENTS.
ACKERMAN & KOHN
(Fcrmerly with^he ' California Furniture
- " ' . company). .. .V . ..: .
The Only Exclusive Carpet House on
>'; f ' ..'"'"the ¦Coast.^T^V-'^---. :
- THE LARGEST DEALERS C1
Axminsfer,
The most beautiful and desirable of
all Carpets. '--'-. ' /['-'.y'^'r.-: ::'.vX' ; ;v
Patterns Are AH. Oup. Prlvato
, Designs. .: :.. : .V-v-:-":
And can be ; puixhasc^- nowhere else.
Before purchasing/ cafl . and mspect
our immense, stock o£ Carpets, Lino-
leums, Mattings, etc.,- of .ever^- grade
and lowest possible prices.-
ESTIMATESTURNISHED. :
ackerhaB k0h|
Exclusive Carpetcrs.; --S f //f.,-';
Starr. King Building, 123 Geary street. ";
OCEAN TEAVEK /..
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steaaera Ie&r« Broadwmr
to^ wharf. San Francisco:
njhfc. For A!a.«'it.in Pert*— 11 a. rn..
VBSreakk March 2. 7. II. 17. 22. 27. April
HVURgk L Char.are to company'*
J WStL qfrtit^ 6t»arr.er« at ?»att!«.
BS»S|^r3 For Vlctrrla. Vanoouver (B.
BHiwSai c> - Port Ti'^njiend. S»attl»,
and N»w ¦\Vhatrom iVTuh.) —
a. m.. March 2. 7. 12. IT.
; 23, 27, April 1. and every Cfth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's •tenners
for Alaska and G. N*. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N\ P. Ry. : at Vancourer ta C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Huraboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Mar?h
4, », 14. 19. I*, ». April S, and every Bftli day
thereafter. "., - . . ., "'•.•>'-. ...'
For San Wego, stepping onlr at Banta Bar- :
bura. Port Los Ang»l»» and Redondo- (Jjbs Aa--
ffeles) — St^am#r Qu»»n. AVMnesdayi, 9 a., m. ;
, steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. rru. ••.•-•¦:
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uces. Port Harford (San I/iIs Obfspo), Garl-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. = 8an.
r Pedro. = East San Pedro (Ixw Anffelesl Vaod
Xewport— Steamer Corona. - Friday*. » : a."-'sa.;' :
Steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays; 9 a. m. " :•¦"»"• ¦¦..'•.': ¦
For Ensenada. Mardalena Bay, , San. 3o— ' <Jet
Cabo. Mazattan. Attata. ,1* Taz. Santa \RosalU
and Cuaynas <Mn.)- 10. a. m.."th each month.
- For further Information obtain company* •
folders/" -•: l'-. z •"..,-, "^:*. : '-¦•,.•-•¦•.'¦.' ¦•;» •.••-.
The •ctSnijjany . re«erye». .th» : .'.iight-.;to;. icnanir*
steamers. - sailing : date* . an5i.-'.h<5ur«.. : -of • falling
without -previous notice."-/ - ; v'"- '•¦ ~ ;•.'•-.'¦. --V--- . '-'.
TICKET OKFICEjH4 - : - 'Ht-mr ar6nt»Qinery
¦tr^^t tPalace HoteU.- : - : : .-: -° -.•*-»¦.'¦'-'<-- :'¦ '-,'•"/. -v-
COODAI.I*: A CCJ-l. .Gen.: iibt^ V
' = , • .•'• >.';,» -i-lOj-.-Marlcet- stV- -Ban-.. Fran.c}aca . -.
¦1 '" THE 0. Rr & II. TO.
'3t o .DISPATCH FAST STEAiTERS TtJ "-. ";'.-'
From. Spear-street, Wnarf! at Hsv m.-". ;¦
PARC SI2 fink Class e.-' including Berth
Innt S3 Seeand Class - r : . ai}d Aleals
COLUMBIA Sall!».-.\. i ;Oi-v:..JI/;...'.vJ.; March 4
GEORGE W.EI*D£R- Sails;.,.... ..:..,:.ilarch 2
Short Line to' Walia- Walla. .Spokane. = Butte.
Helena an4 all*, points In the - Northwest.
Through tickets Wall points East. ;
¦ ' * -. . . .-. .E. C: WARD, General Agent.
° = . Sj •, : '-*,'. i •. , : .' ¦ ; .C0 Market atr««t.
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP GO/
TVIIl Dlnpatch Steamer 0 '., .. ¦-. '-'¦
FOR —
D1OME$
Via Katmat. H?
A\/\RCH StH.
For Information = Apply to
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP COtrf^ ".
Tnlon B!*?k. Seattle.
— Or U
632 Market St.. Room 4. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
IIT TOSS. SC0TH1K7T0S. L(Kn>05. TA3XX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Xew York Every Wednesday at It) a. ra.
St. Louis... Mar. UlSt. Lonls April S
New York Mar. lOJXew York April 1»
Vaderland Mar. 2;>Vaderland April II
RED STAR LINE;
N»w York and Antwara.
From N'ew York Every Wednesday. 13 Jfooa.
WestemUnd ...Mar. 13|Frlesland April I
Kensington Mar. 20 Southwark April 10
Noordland Mar. 271 Westerland- ....April 17
INTERNATIONAL, NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. I>. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Const, 30 Montgomery st
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILLj LEAVE WHAJW, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting: at Hongkong with ste*aser» for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallln*.
SS. AMERICA MARC:... Friday. March 15. 19Ct
SS. HONGKONG MARU.-Tuesday. April «. MOl
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May J, 1301
Round-trip - tickers at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company' a offlca,
421 Market street, corner First. ...
" . W. H. AVERT. Ceneral Agant.
ES. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Ntw
Zealand and Australia
...I .^Wednesday. March U p. a.
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. ta.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) '
° 1 Saturday, March 1$. 2 p. m.
I B.SPRECIELS k BH3S. CO., Gasaral Ijintj. 327 larW St
Sa'l Pusisyf BOa, S43 Urbt SU fir la. 7, PaaSe tt
PANAMA R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. ?105: Steerage. $4O.
5. S. St. Paul sails "Wednesday, Mar. 6.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of," Lombard tt, at 8 p. m.
Freight ar.d pawenxer office. 230 Market it.
;-F. o r. fONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
HAMBURQ-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH-CH ERSOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria Apt, U; Columbia May t
Ijeutschland ....AptTilF. IMsmarck May »
- Twln-Scr*W Passengur >«rvtc~. _
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
Patricia Mar. a*,»Batavla ........Mar. »
Waldersee ......Mar. 18! Pennsylvania ..Mar. SO
» o • "Sails to Hamburg direct.* .
Hamburq-nm<rlcan LIQe. 37 Wway. N. Y
IIERZOG A CO.i General Agents for Pacific-
Coa*t. 401 California^ ttreet.
rACITIC STSAK HATISaTICin CO. ISO
- -- C03IPA5IA SCO AXEaiCAS A DZ 7AP0U23
To Valparaiso. 0 stopping at Mexican. Central
andEoith Amertesn ports. Sailing:
SS. ....t..S.;..i March 7. 1301
SS! .TUOAPEL. ...4".-.-—,— ' M f r 5, ! » *> }5C?
SS. AREQt-IPA v »«, .'...April 4. 1»U
S3. LIMARI ..'. •• v .:...Aprill.. 13^1
These Meanaers are built expr«*sly for Central
and 1 South American passenger service «No
change at Acapulcd or Panama.), Freight and
ttusecger offlce. 115. California street.
„ - BAL.FOUR. OfTHRlE A, CO.. Anenf ¦
C0MPAS2CIB- SENlkAI,!: " TaA5SATLAJTiyjS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailir.K ev.rr ThurKlay. ln»t.a.i of «SS?«
=aturday. at 10 a,°m.. from=P»*r Q. " •¦¦ ¦ ¦¦
North River/ foot ot.Morton street. .First-class
m Havre fci and upward. Second claw fcj
Ilavre »43 *nd upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR*CNITED STATES *nd CANADA. »
Broidwiy (Hadson batldinit). ' New York. J.
S fi-(;aZI & CO.; Pacific Coast Agrnts. 5
McntRomery avenue. San Francisco. . Ticket*
sold by all Rallroa.1 Ticket Agents.
J BAY J 8^^^^^! 1
f ° • ° Stea~*er **M«»r»tlceno. "
o MON.. Tu«>.. "Wed., Thnrs.°and Sat. at t:43
a m.t 3:1S. 8:30 p. m.Msx. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 p. in. and 8:39; Sundays. 10:J> a. m.. S
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
5 Pier No. 1 Telephone Main UCS.
• Writing tablets, e papeteries and ream
papers. Prices all right. The latest tln«
and shapes Just received Sanborn, Vail &
Qj.. 711 Market streets ° ; ¦ •
'. -.' ' V. ADVHJiTISEM KNT8. : ' ¦ {.V:
The doctor sometimes passes a .harder '.
•cstesce Own the judge. • But the sen-".,
tesce of ths doctcr is more often «et
aside or overruled than is that of the \
jpdge. In the c^se of MrB. Reycraft
giv^a below, tbe doctor sentenced her to .
about eighteen vkits of physical jranish-
oest tad rsiserr. But she rebelled
Kgsiiczt the sentence, and commenced
the ui= of Doctor jFtfo* "• '" ¦
Prescriptioa. In .
a few vrcck? she rsr£*^8
vrzi a well we -r.z-z.. fttv&Qffrm
of Doctor Pace's T Z^-^&fiSi'
tier., that they are /25* l *Sr8*T (I
gcr.-ral>»- cires of W^ fe*\
chronic cis-zses. TB^^S^^WV^
vrith diseases — -^*3fe
peculiar to her sex, she takes siedical
treatment, gets no belter, and has no
hope held cut to her of improvement.
Then in her discouragement sae turns to
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and
£nda a pronpt and lasting cure. " Fa-
vorite Prescription " establishes re^u-
l^xitr, dries unhealthy drains, heals :n-
£xmination and nlceration and cures
ftxnale wea'gaess.
¦Foot resrs aro &y health bens to &H,"
writes Mrs. SfefUe M. Reycraft, of Gleswood,
XTathisjrtoa Co.. Ore§an. "I had a ¦very heavj-
Cra.ggint: and weijfct ia the region erf the nteros,
pair 13 back aad loins, coeld sot lift anything
fceary. rest at night very poor; etoraach de-
rasjptd. Oae phr-Kcian said I was overworked.
Kacthcr aeid I had cos^cst T aa and faliicg of
txtcrss. He treated xne use months and aaid I
wtr^ld sot Se. well ontil I tad passed the change
cf UTe. I wu oc!t tweetT-teven year* old then.
1 b»..it — e diacosraeed. end nsis; Doctor
Tixromm FaTorite 'freacriptioa. Took • tea-
•poc^if.'.'. three tiaes a der ; benn feelinr better
nftt »wtT. Anx c*ise my third bottle now.
*£d feel I aa ia frooot health. I belirre Dr.
Tiezrx • Farorite Prescriptioa has restored me
ta bes^th . If «i2criajj woiaen would glre it a '
fcir trial tiey would give It praite."
Dr. Pierce's Cbmnioa Sense Medical
Adviatr, paper covers, is sent free on
iccelpt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
E- V. Pierce, BuSalo, N. Y.
¦* ¦¦¦' -- r -v^-v -•• ; ."i'^ *'/Z£7. V
Cured While
You Sleep
\dfelj&^ In Fifteen Days
•"Gr»n-SslTeot"«!!sso:Te« Stricture like ino» b^
Bes-.b the tea. rednee* Enlarged Pnwtate naa
ftrenrtbcBt tfc» Sealnal Docta, itopplnfOralc* ih
i.=- ?•¦ :.•¦ .t Yit :*en Uarb. .
No Amn to rnln 'he ncuri, tmt » direct loeal
ar<3 po»;i.Te application totbe entire uretJ>ra.ltrm«V
Ciran-bo'.Tcst.l* cot a IiqolC. It l»ipreiiar»<l 1*
tbe torn: of Cr^TO«« or Peac!!». •mooth andflezlB*
tsti to carrow i* to pass the ciosest Stricture. *
Every Man Should Know Himself. •
. Tl>e M- Jtmn Amii- Box KM. Cincinnati* O_ ttm
¦repared.at jnrat expense an ernaow- |"f% ¦¦ ¦¦ f
lire ". . av •¦ -U- *. Treat;** apon tbe ma> LULL I
tr*ten>..trhicti tb** wlli %to6 to *£J 11111 a
tHM.lt apr-ieant. . • llfc»fc«I
SI. J rt .itJ "-'>•-. Cincinnati, Ohio.
/%^M B0TTLE klmtS
V *v • vp* . *»unej cure
*tr\ Vr A tkoraiph euro for
wj ' I .*-I*.ins in the bark, ¦ •
V yK EPICHrS DISEASE.
,^5< 21 r / fmale troubles, lsconi
tiu'cr^of crJne. bricK dnst deposits, bed.
¦redsg of cliilJrcn, pravei, pall
drop«y. ditbrt".-. r.nd rhenrnatita. -- ••-.• .>
— ron sale at —
TU3 OTl't, XJRfG CO.. 11TS Market rt..
AND AT .-.
DAHLCEXUKB DRUG CO.. Kearny tt
O Sn !c r.tamps to W. K. McBurney.
••¦¦ v s. Sprlrs i-t.. Ixm Anjr»:e*. CaU. for S
r -»'- « :r-a!n»rt. Prppatd SI to. Drugrii»t«.-
n Cl« « 1» » aon-polaono«i
jCHmSO^CVlin&^a&i ««e*t. Sperntl'irhat,
CICSSf in 1 te i <»»i-\S3 Whiter, annatnral «1U-
r,-Q^7 <;a»rt!.if»<i " e\:&T0 . or any ia!liwnra»-
Kj9»3 ret ¦-> «uieior». Jion, , rltatioa or nicer*-
¦?r^ '"""' ««J"»e. ti^n f nucom ci^rn-
tf»S\'Hj£*»«,«CntK rv C-> bziiit*. Xon-««triag»nt.
tspC\ c »:m>»t,o P^ct afoJd by r>rucci**».
Xfcrrv c. S.A. >?ijror »<-nt ia p!»in wr^Fper,
vrfB *»f exprew, rfp»' 1 '. tor
fa ~. s:lar etat cu raaoaat.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DlUUvl i UlwUll
Cured Free.
The Remedy Is Sent Absolutely Free to Every Man or
Woman Sending Name and Address.
The 'illustrations Above Plainly Show WhatThla Crand Discovery Will Do
A celebrated Forto^Wayne physician has dls- medicines and three different doctors had given
coverml the most wonderful cure for Syphilis or me up. They could dp nothing for.me but take
Blood Poison ever known. It quickly cures all my money.'. Tour treatment was a God-send
such .; indications '¦'• as mucous patches In the to me and If you wish to refer any one to : me
mouth. _eore throat, copper colored spots, chan- iflo so at any time. r I will be r Klad tb" answer
cr»f>/' uiceratlons on the body and In hundreds any' questions and aid ether ' sufferers to gala
of cases where the likir and eyebrows had fal- a comDlete ?ure as.' 'lid myself. I am your
len out : and the whole skin was a mass of sincere friend and former patient. Gun Saurn-
bolls, pimples and ulcers, c this wonderful • epe- rlne," ElVLJndsay ave., Toledo. Ohio." - -
clHc , has completely', t hanged the whole, 1>ody. Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne
into a -clean, "perfect condition of brings scores of sufferer* seeking this ne»- and
health, o ''State Medical ' Institute— My Dear marvelous cure and to enable thes? who eannot
Friends: I want, to thank ypu for; my present travel to realize what a ; truly marvelous work
good health,' and my recovery from a' bad case the doctor Is accomplishing they will send free
of syphilis. -'I had two big.ulcers. my hair was to every sufferer a. free trial package of th«
falling outi one of my=ton«lls was o eaten away, remedy so' that • every one .can^ cure himself
and my bones. achSd as If I? had the rheuma- in the privacy, of his own home.°o"This isgthe
tism. I was in a terrible condition, and your only known treatment that curca this most t»r-
remedy o ' is., all that sa'ved x me from a~ horrible rlble of all diseases. \ Addrers the State Medical
death: v I T would ' advUe " every man that has Institute. H49 Klektron building. Fort ' Wayne,
ryphili? to v take ' Syphillde at once;; for It has Ind. Do net hesitate. to write at onc*"«nd the
proven "a great health restorer and Wood I purl- free trial package will be ten t waled ia plain
Car in'my case. 1 had tried all kinds of patent package/. . * A " a «jJJ. H-- Dunn. Arrested la th« beglaninr of U»t
month .'for keepircr hous*-s: of 111 fame In Bacon
¦place,: Werfe-di.8nil.saed by : Judse Fritz jrestei 1 
.dajr dxv'. i he • ' k faun.i; . tha t * t.he;. complaints ' 'were
defective-. ..-: ;' : . ; - ¦•"- ¦¦¦. '.'-.'',¦: '¦¦' >•:¦.*..'''•-.','*" ' ¦' ¦¦
1050. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half fur
hncs; three-year-olds; purse. $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. «i- Str. Fin.
1933 Rolling Boer. 117. .Henry 3 2 h 1 V4 11
1911 Raveling. 122... O' Connor 1 3 *i 2ty 28
1J.U3 Rio de Altar, lt7.Thorpe 2 11 3 4 3 1
1873 Moonbright, 117.Wedd'sd 6 4 h 4 H 4 h
1S34 Cougar, 117. ....J. Woods 4 G 5 5
Time— 3-16. :18V4; 7-18. -42; o\if. l:07V«. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. S. C. IMldreth's b. c. by Dutch Roller-
Woodranee. Rolling Boer outclassed bis field.
Rio de Altar quit like a dog. Raveling hung
or. gamely. Scratched — Follow Me 119.
Betting— Rollins Boer, 3-5; Raveling, 7-2; Rio
do Altar, 7; Moonbright, 20; Cougar, (30.
1U5S. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
ycar-olds «.nd up; purse. $350-
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
18S8 Vain, 4. 109.... O'Connor 4 3 1 3 3 1^
li.35 The Singer, 4, 109. Henry 2 2 2 1 '4 2 8
1570 Torslda, 6, 112. .T. Burns 3 5<4 52 3 »4
1P32 Hohenlohe. 6, 117. Woods 6 4 1 4 3 4 4
1947 Faunette, 6. 113..AIex'dr 5 6 6 5 3
1S37 Ulloa, 5, 112 Thorpe lib 21 6
Time— M. :25»i ; M. :50^; %. 1:16; mile. 1:42.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Dr. H. EL RowelPs ch. g.
by Imp. Wagner-imp. Vanity Fair. Vain won
!n a gallop. Ulloa plenty of speed, but quit
tadly. The Singer ran' his race. Torsida no
p.rcount at present.
Betting— Vain. 2; The Singer. 8; Torslda, 6-5;
Hohenlohe, 12; Faunette. 20; Ulloa. 15.-
1050. THIRD RACE— Mile and 70 yards;
three-yea r-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Vz- Str. Fin.
1S49 Ad. Guard. 4. 119.. Burns 4 4 2 h 1 1H
11-21 Autumn. 5. 111. .. .Henry 3 11 11 2 4
(1727)Tuthill, 4, 109. .O'Connor 13 4 3 1 3 8
1909 Janice. 3. 99 J. Daly; 2 2 & 4 4
Time— 70 yards, :04H; Vi, :«; %', :49H; *i,
M4?i; mile. 1:40; 1m 70yds, VM\. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, Carruthers
& Shields' ch. h. by Imp. Great Tom-Nellie
Van. Advance Guard best and got a swell
ride. Autumn ran his first good race this sea
son. Henry took him to the front at once,
vhlch Is his race. Scratched— Telamon 104,
Ada N 89.
Betting— Advance Guard, 8-5; Autumn, 6;
Tuthill, 8-5; Janice. 8 : 2.
U>57. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $<0C. "
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. Bt. *4. Str. Fin.
(lSSO)Isaline, 4. 105 Henry 2 2 2 1^ 12
1S47 St. Cuthb't, 6, 103.0'Con 4 3 1 3 3 2 1
lf-42 Theory. 5. 105.. T. Burns 1 lh 2 2 33
1859 Pupil. 4. 105 J. I>uly3 4 4 4
Time— M. :24H: %. M8; 14. 1:13V». Good start.
Von easily. Second and third driving. Wlnr
ner, C. LJnd'a b. m. by imp. Clieveden-Re
l.«cca. Isallne ran Theory's eye out and won
cjv.lte easily at the end. St. Cuthbert waB lr >-
ttrfering some with Theory last part. Daly
no help to Pupil. Scratched— Owensboro 105,
As=!an 103.
Betting— Isallne, 8; St. Cuthbert, 6-5; Theory,
7-5; Pupil, 8.
ID.">5. SECOND RACE^-Pour furlongs; sell
ing:; two-year-olds; purse,- $400. "
Irdex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(l?31>Legal Maxim, 104..O'Con 4 2 1 2 h 11
1K3 *8nowberry. 104..C. Ross 7 6^41 2 2
1S35 Muslque, 103.... See 2 6 4 5 2 3 V4
1HJ7 Sir Claus, 1C>6 Henry 6 3 h 3/b 4 3
1739 Contestant, 104.T. Burns 5 • 1 h 1 h 5 H
1W1 The Maniac. lO'.Thorpe 3 4 1 6 20 6 20
.... May S, 105.... Enos 17 7 7
Time— %. :24; H. :49. Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving. Winner,
F. Dunne's- b. g. . by' Imp. Bassetlaw-MIss
Maxim. Maxim best. Sir Claus stopped badly.
Sr.owberry closed very strong under bad riding.
She will do. Anna B.
Betting— Legral Maxim, 2-5; Snowberry, 100;
Musique, 15; Sir Claus, 15; Contestant; 5; The
Maniac, 25; May S, 12.
1 054. ? FIRST RAGE-Six and o a -half fur
longB; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $330. -_ ,
Index.' Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
1946 Straight Shot. 104.0'Con 5 2 tf 2 4 1 h
1732 Introduetor, 107. j: Woods 4 1 h 1 h 14
1922 The Gafflr, 109. Wedd'etd 3 4 8 S 1H 3 1 ,
15>22 Thornwild, 109.:. ..Henry 7 7 3 4 3 4 3
1762 Robert J. 107. ...J. Miller 8 8' 6165
' 1(75 Aphrodis. 107 Thorpe I 6 1 5 >4 8 2
1922 Sebastlana, 107... Murphy 6 3 4 7 1 7 U
1710 Libbte Elklne. 102.... See 1 6 H & ; 8
Time-3-16. :19; 5-16. :30%; 7-18, :«: 6>,4f.
1.22M. Good 6tart. Won llrst three driving.
Winner. W. P. Magrane'a br. g. by imp.- Foul
Shot-Amelia May. Introductor short. Straight
displayed more erameness than -usual. The
Oaf flr ran his race. Thornwlld slow to • get
moving and had no speed. Scratched— Triple
Cross 102. »! . , • " '
Bpttlntr— Straight Shot, 6; Introduetor. 12;
The Gafflr, 7: Thornwlld. 11-8; Robert J, 6;
Aphrodis, 3; 8eba»tlana. 20; Llbble Elklns, 30.
TANFORAN PARK— Wednesday, Feb.
27, 1901.— "Weather fine. Track fast, " ;
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
It Is a pleasure to visit our leather
poods department and see the outlay of
gtx>d values. Trunks, va'ises, pocketbooks
traveling rolls, cameras, little grold clock*
and toilet articles. All fine leather poods
lettered in gold without charsrc. SmiLt^
V|ll & Co.. 741 Market street *
Travelers' Delight.
»«Oi>e | mile. Belling — Crystalline • won, S [ Mercy
Marie \t second Ollre Order third. Time. 1:51%.
Six furloncs.' wiling— <Jeneral Magmder woa.
Ben -Frost second. All"s Well third." Time.
1:20. . .- -
Steepleehase. short coutb* — Dick Furber \ron.
IXm" Clarencio second. Mies Ransom o third.
Time.' 3:SS\. • ¦-.'-?>• -
Lexington Mlliny etake* half mile— Lena A
won. Blue Ridge second. Ardlta. third. Time.
:L3H. j c c .-¦
One mile, selling:— Bailie J won. Mitt Boy
kin second, Prestar third. ' Time. 1:4SH. ¦ ;
Six furlorre, felling-Censor won, Saline sec
ond. Free Admission third.' Time,' 1:20. 0
Hesults at New Orleans.
XEnr ORLEANS. Feb. 27.— Result*
Fights at West Oakland Club.
OAKLAND. Feb. 27.— Following are
the results of the fights to-night at the
West. Oakland Athletic Club: Jack Dolan
won from Fred Rittler, four rounds, deci
sion; J,ouis I»nc won from Bob Thomp
son, four rounds, decision; Jack Capeliss
knocked out Pat O'Brien, ono round: Jim
Brown and Joe Butler, four rounds, draw;
Indian Joe Gregrs icnocKed out Sailor
Bharkey. three' rounds. The feature of
the evening, was "Cyclone" 3 Kally's two
bouts." Kelly got a <lraw , In • five , rounds
with Alonzo Tucker^ and- then lost in a
four-round go 'with "Kid" Williams of
Southern-. Calif ornia. ; Tucker was. ten
pounds heavier than Kelly. - Williams sot
the decision for better leading. ' . £.
Oakland Entries.
FJrrt race- : -Five and a half furlongrs; three
r<-ar-nlrls and upward; selling. . -.
WIT Mike Strauss.. .12* 1>D3 'Edith O : ....i..lll
1770 Fille <VOr ...;.%..».« 1M2 Jolly Briton.. ..119
l*G4Gol<J Bart3n...,.12J 1S7S Free Pagi 121
H7l EMred ..........106 1910 Kmile Zola 123
1924 Ralhgar. .......108 1SI3 Foul Play.... .,117
. »24 Billy Lydt>s..;.l08 ; .;.-. . ' *; ¦.¦ ..
> Second race— Six furtongi;- four-year-olds and
Upward: 'selling. •'.• '•.¦.'• -¦¦•/ : ¦. , • ' -. : .'.
¦1*76 Champion. Rosei07 1961 Looram ...;.. ..112
¦'.UAL Almoner . -...>'.. .112 1936 Incindiator ....115
US36)T»aniel :.,:..-.;. ilRS 1665 Alturas -.: : ,.112
ISJ6 Jack McCabe...ll2 K>« Summer -.. .'.'.:. 11 2
1K1 William F......103 1336 San Augustlne.m
¦ Tblrd tWc&^-FoUr furlongs; maiden two-year
©1«1^:. iiuree.. .' :'• '¦' -.- ¦. ••'.'•¦•.
1S3S Jarreti'rfr d'Ch-.-llO! 1S2« Lento ;....;.. ..113
1S65 Ertado —1131 Uu Prestene .....l.UH
1S1J Mike Murphy.. 110 1 1850 Winnabell "y..,.ll8
•' ISSfc Torup. Malii.....llO l*M K«calante' .:';.. 1M
.: 1*« I»epjjer Bailee... Ill | lH2f Myriad IJancer.lia
1813 Isar ......».....1W|-.. :; . .
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds:
•eiim*. : ¦
19r.l Donfree'.vi 1W! 1945 El Karn 101
<lS04)l>andy Jim: IIS 1 1S29 et, Rica 108
Fifth race— One mile and a eixteenth; four
j-ear-oldg and upward; selling. ¦¦ '.'¦::
1704 Tom "Cal vert... tft] 1736 Florablrd ,.-....107
<lM9)Moringra 1 -....109 19^2 Varda 113
1M2 SoclalUt .......lOi) 1«»3 EH Mtdo 103
K-«.l»on Luts 10| 1M0. 8atn Howard... 98
1^3. Flamero .;.....WS]- 1915 Grand Sachem. S3
. Sixth race — Sir furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap. . ¦ . ¦-._,
13^ Frank Bell 118faS5J)Ply ..:...s...^..H8
1*6$ Rod Sam 88| 1317 Tiburon ........101
ma»)I > r«!tl(iir.tator l«U1917)Ma)rgle Da>iB..109
J-iGS Gibraltar ......lus! 1949 The Benedict... 9S
Oakland Selections.
Fln>t race— Free Pass, uathgar. Eldrea. .
B<«ond race— Almoner. Alturas. Jack Mc
c^be. . . ; „/ ; .-; •¦- ¦ .
Third race — Jarretierre d'Or, Tor»o -Maid,
Pepper Sauce. ' ! ••, "¦'
Fourth race— Dandy Jim, St. Rica, Dunfree.
Fifth race— Grand Sachem. KI Midp, Flamero.
Eixtb race— Sad Sam. Ely. Gibraltar. r . .
Oeorge James; captain of-the Olympic
club, is now the possessor of the hand
some silver cup offered by H. ' V. Rams
dell and Kenneth Melrose for a special
match between James and "William Cart
wright, the ¦winner of the hajidball tour
nament recently held in the club. Lost
night James defeated Cartwright, and, as
he won a game last Sunday, the trophy
bc-came his property.' w 'v .
The victory was only achieved after the
hardest* kind of playing. -Cartwright is a
tair young fellow :< and possesses . the
strength of twq average men. . James; on
the other hand. Is small . but stockily
built. When they met last night it was a
battle royal. James took the first game
and Cartwright evened maters by winning
the second. Cartwright took the lead
and scored 16 points to James': 7.' Then
James pulled . himself together, overcame
tho big lead and won out. The. score was
James' 21— 18— 21 to Cartwright's 19—21—19.
:, The eof t ball tournament then opened,
and Powers (40) defeated Clough (40) by
a score of 40—8. Bogan (45) then defeated
Hoffman (45>- In- a masterly fashion. He
rolled up a score of 40 to Hoffman's 11.
\ Powers and Bogan will now play for
ilrst place in their class. 'They are sched
uled to meet to-morrow evening. To gain
first place in the tournament .the contest
ants must win two of three games.
There being three men left In the second
class a drawing was held and Levy pe
cured the bye. Johnson (scratch) and
McLeod (scratch) are to play to-morrow
night. The victor .<• must play Levy
(scratch) , on Sunday afternoon for first
place.' ,i oO.J .
JAMES WINS SILVER
', - CUP FROM^ CABTWUIGHT
Third race— Selde, Toah, Raveling.
i Fourth race— Prejudice, Macy, . Salvado.
Fifth race — Edjnborough, Santa Lucia, Dun
boy.
Sixth race— Parmenion, Alary'a Garter, Dlo»
med. -. ' . ;
First race— Sweet Caporal, Our Lizzie, Novla.
Second race-S-Brownle Anderson, Donator,
Edgardo. j ':
Tanforan Selections.
¦ Sixth race— Five furlongs ; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1947 Diomed 99 1S82 Antagone 97
1438 Letlger 33 1839 Parmenion 39
S08 Mission 99 1788 Favorito ..99
1839 Talma 102 1S94 Sweet Willlam.103
1S22 Alary 1 a Garter- »7
Fifth race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling;
184TDunboy 103 1894 Amelia Fonso.,101
431 Valencienne ... 97 1894 Santa Lucia. ...101
18S2 MacLeren 102 1752 Chas. Le Bel. .103
(1947)Mountaln Dew. 101 1S0O Miss Madeline. 97
. 1942 Edlnborough ..102 1917 Sisquoc 99
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; Belling.
1945 Prejudice 108 | 1906 Salvado ;..110
1947 Meadow Lark. .107/ Macy ...:.. 103
1887 nixford - »7J 1S10 Limelight, Io6
1947 ..;.lu;-J 1933 Greatland ......110
Third race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; celling.
(1911)Selde 107 (1934)Invlctus 101
1936 Nellie Forest. ..10o| 1959 Ra.veli.ig 110
1930 Toan 1041
-Second race — One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling. ': .
(lS38)Free Lance 103 1S50 Owensboro ....107
(18S7)Lamachus 93 (1932) Br. Anderson... 90
194S Donator ...:.... 97 (1943)Vohicer 93
1921 Lavator 100 (1302)Edgardo .......101
First "riice— $lx furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.- :
1R8S Espirando 107 1871 Sweet' Oaporal.108
182fi Kitty Kelly. ...102 1706 Our Lizzie ....108
(lSE2)Racetto :.W (lS22)Genua 105
1S37 Kovla 105
Tanforan Entries.
A rule was passed empowering the um
pire to remove from the game, and if need
be from the grounds, -any player guilty
of using: improper language to another
player, captain, manager or spectator.
Written proof of iho' offense must oe
submitted to the president of the league
within twenty-four hours and he may, if
the proof be sufficient, suspend the of
fender from play. -' '¦'
A batsman may not henceforth take his
base if hit by a pitched ball, but the ball
will count as a ball against the pitcher.
Article 54 of the constitution- was
amended to read that the- board of direc
tors shall have the power, of inflicting
penalties in oases of forfeited games.
In case of a forfeited game the, board
shall, convene within, a week- and'- hear,
evidence. It shall decide what penalty to
impose on the club offending. . ; \-
At -the evening session the magnates
summoned President Charles Power and
W. H. Matking of the "American Associa
tion. The American Association men. prac
tlcjilly yielded up the ghost early, in the
afternoon. Before night most of the mem
bers had. left for home." No official ah-'
nouncement was made, but predictions:
were made by many men posted' on such
affairs that the - American Association
would not begin the season. • ; • . '-' -.
President Young to-day announced that
the league had granted -all the players'
demands. The players . have agreed to
sign league contracts under pain of sus
pension. The suspension, however, is only
operative until the players' organization
can meet as a body and act on the mat
ter. As a matter of fact, the agreement
signed by President Zimmer amounts to
nothing more thanan expression of good
will toward the National League as
against Ben Johnson's ; organization.
Whether the players ratify Zlmmer's
agreement or not the concessions made by
the league will hold good.
Rule No. 3, defining the position of th«
catcher's lines, was altered so ihat the
catcher will have to stand within ten feet
instead of ninety feet of the plate, Thiie
places the catcher' "ui> behind .the bat"
throughout the game. - '•. .. -. " :' ¦¦
A rule making the pitcher deliver the
ball to the batsman as soon as the latter
takes his position at the plate was adopt
ed. Should the pitchor deliver the;, hall,
to any other player than the plate : a "ball
will be called for eac'.i delivery. A rule,
was passed which p^nalires one ball
against the pitch.er if he fall to deliver
the ball to the batsman within twenty sec
onds after the latter- has taken his p<qsi
tion. - • ' .
NEW YORK;. .Feb. . Zl.— The; ¦ .National
Baseball League--, magnates to-day".-, con
sidered playing rules. -A rule was adopt-,
ed which does away v/ith the .intentional
"fouling off'' of pitched balls by a bats
man. ,The Jlrst and second, foul balls hit
by the batsman, unless two strikes.havo
already been called wgalnst him, -shall
henceforth be counted as strikes.
. "Kid" MoFadflen, who by the way Is no
relation to the Eastern boxer. Is to go ten
rounds each 'with George Curran and
Tommy Gilfeather. two clever local ban
tame. McFadden has a big string of vic
tories to his credit, but Gilfeather and
Curran believe they will be able to block
•his winning career to-night. The three
bantams are reported to be In fine shape
and should put up stirring bouts. The
curtain "raiser. will be furnished by
"Slats" Welch and Joe Fields. Both
these lads, are well known to local ring
goers, they having made excellent show-
Ings In the rings of the local athletic
clubs.
Manager Gleason reports everything In
readiness." He says the initial exhibition
of the Twentieth Century Club will oqn
vlnce ring followers that the men- who
are running the organization intend giv
ing good sport. .
;• Aithpugh th.e poolrooms '.are' closedV
much- .betting- is teing. dpnei bxt to-night's
.battle betwe?Vr Hawkins . snd . Mcp"adden.
¦private Individuals- are holding the-, stakes;
arid i preat.. deal : of inortey will; change,
hands when'.lhiB fight Is decided; Hawkins
is-. popular ambng: the- ; racetrack element,-'
which 'will back him heavily ngarnst Mc-
Fadden. On the other hand; .WeFadden
comes to this coast with the baeklng of
his Eastern friends: Both men are in the
best of condition' and their contest will be
watched with deep Interest. by the sport
ing fraternity. '
The lighters will weigh In this afternoon
and each man must tip the scales at 133
pounds. They are scheduled to box
twenty rounds, but' it- is almost certain
that the bout will be ended before half
the journey Is made. Hawkins possesses
a stiff punch and Is decidedly clever. Mc-
Fadden can take a nur.ch.and has the
reputation of being a fearless fighter and,
a hard hitter. Hawkins ami McFadden
have risen high in their class and ure
looked upon to-day as being two of the
foremost ..lightweights In the world.
: The pair will box for a decision. Jack
•Welch has" been chosen referee, and hia
presence in. the ring will Insure fair play
;-.to both men. / •.:••
Hawkins and McFadden Are
.: in Condition to Put Up;
; ; - . ;;a;Fas); Eight.:;- ::.5
LIGHTWEIGHTS
IN FINE TRIM
American: v Association;. -.:• Is
.'Priactically a Thing !of. : :
¦; : -':bv. "-"the. iPastv-'; ;' : .; ''i/^'v.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
HAS A MONOPOLY
SOME PRIZE WINNERS AT THE
EXHIBITION OF PACIFIC COAST •
CAT CLUB. ." '-
teenth; -four- ycar'olds -and upward; parse, $«00.'
Xniex. ;.. Horse, : Wt. Sbckey: . St. >j/ Str,' Fin.
19l'S lx.r.a; •..a. ; :ilt......;:rtaEsi-h 2 2:3 .. 11 . 1 2
(lSH)Joe -RipJ-eV.. a; i;9.-.Dorok 1 I 2 5- 't 4 •
1914 Bi. *irnohiaij. a,- ll«.Bull.:3 ¦ 4 . 3 4 .3 8
<1«>42 FprHn«:;:.4. : pi;;^.yHoweU »>f, 4 .. " 4 '
-. r .!'.-Tlme^i.-M.-.-.i06Hf-.'J4'. '':Za%; '¦%*'.'' .:52; «i; 1:19:
/.mjie,- ' J:46;- 1 . l-16rii.- •; -1.-S&;" . - Good '.etart. ; W'cm
.easily. ¦¦¦¦FeeonA and. -thtrd- drivlnr. , Winner. IV.
T. Nlrk"lls' ch. m.:: by. •Apkrhe-RlU. ¦ IU;>ley'«
bad ttgi Jxgan "to. burn .at : end at eeven fur-.
lorufs; .. Lena . won easily. -Pimonlan no Bpe-d.
¦V -Betting— Li-na, 5;. Joe. BJpley, 6-5; St.- Slmqn
. i»n.\ 6.-5; 'Sprung, J9,- .-¦•". :-. \ % :' ' .-,,'¦
; J9^4. : VFJFTH"RACE^ne- mile: eellir.gj four
. y«ar-qlds" and upward; 'purse,-' _$408.\ V
Indeil Horse;- \Vt Jockey. «t. H. Ftr. FJn.
' 1937 Maydine.. 4/ 104...Howell 9 12 14 11
<ls:.l)Expedient. 4, 104:. .Kelly 2 9 2 3 -2 6
¦ 1S14 Montallade. a. lCS.Mnce 3 5 ij 4 2 3 3
' 1SS6 Vassal, a. 10!»..HasslnKer i 4 Z 6 1-41'
1S27 CVt. Joe, a. 112. I>imnck S 3 1 3 16 5
140S* Stromo, 5. lC«4..Pauntlr.>y 1 S 1 7 *i 6 1
<19J7)Oue. 4.. 107.. J. Alexander 7 2 n >4 71
1927 Pr. Marks, .6. UO.Falehy f> 7 n .8 8 10
• 390i Don Luia..a:, 109_. JJcCrty 4 6 2 9 9
. * Time— i-i. :26; m k*- «i.. 1:39; nille, 1:45^.
Good start. Wnn cleverly. : -Second and third
drivlntr. Winner. W. F-. Schulte's br. m. by
King Lee-Peri. Maydine all the speed. Mon
tallade ¦went the overland. Expedient finished
•well. .Scratched — Grand Sachem 109.
' • Bettlnjj— Maydine, '6; Expedient, 3;- Monta'l
lade. 7-^; Vassal. 12; Ostler Joe, 4; Stromo,
.12; Cue. 6;. Dr. Marks, 3<); lX>n Luis. 4". ' .
. 1IMW. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs': selling;
; f <mr -yearrolda and upward; pnrse, fZV).
.Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. J .i. Sir. Fin.
- 1^«9 Alleviate, 6. IKUHowell 5 14 13 It •
¦' 1S«S Modwena. -5. 101 Kelly 4 4h 2h 2 1
'.•: 1734 Alaria. 5. 10$:.Fauntlrny 3 7 5 ' 3 h 3 n
¦• .193 Osmond. 5, l'.6.Basslnger 7 6 h 4 h ; 4 3
.'. 1S37 Mf.ntanus. S. lU.Domnek 6 5 hi 5 1 5 5
';'¦¦ 1S14 Ringmastr. a. Ul.Iiowsn 8 8 8 6 1
-_:jtlM0)T*. Morello. 4.- lOS.Mnce 2 3 1.64 71
;.- .12O5.-M-.£asle. .4. aW»:Mathwi} 1 2h Jl 8
-['¦} iTtinfr-Si'ihZpiX-'**'. -:51:-%. 1:17. Good start.
•iU'rin *4Sil>\- Second': and. third drl\ing. Wln
;. tar,. -,W; - ; f: SchuUe's b. ¦ m. by Arsyle-Per
. adventure; :Allevtate much • the best. Mont
'J?a«Le- some speed. AVo.rth watching. Soratched
-.-.-H-Foul- -Play ¦•¦?*'; .•'•-.•¦¦'.-... ¦ •"
V: : '.<:BrtSftit^allledaic« I: Modwena, ' 15; .Alaria,
'..¦30; Osmond.'.'-9-:; Montahus, 6; Ringmaster, EO;
/¦ Toiinif Morello,. 8; Mont. Eagle, 15.
10C2. THIRD RACE-Foar furlongs; two
year-olds: purse. $3».O.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %.. Str. Fin.
1916 Rosewar. 115 Shield* 4 In ... ¦ In.
1S53 Fl. romoni. lf5..Howell 5 2 4 ... 2 5 -
1M1 San Lultlon. 105. Mounce 6 5 2 ... 33 .
193* Montcya. 1»5.. ..Dominick 1 3 1 ... 4 5
16f* W. Scratch. 105... Stuart S 4 3 ... 6 5
. 1W narklyi'e. If6..;,..Logue 3 6 4 ... 6 6
T. Marks. 110.. Hrnnessy S 7 5 ..: 71ft
(X. Abercrrnbie. lOS.Keny 7 -8 ... 8 . .
Tirne — >4, :Sj; Hi ;5*.:' " Grtod' start. Won first
three driving;. Winner.: Hums & Waterhouse's
tr. f, by imp. °>rtiUery -Sweet Home. Water
Scratch some speed. .'.RbEeuar carried Pomona
out «t h*>ad of stretcn." . X<uiti»3n closed well. •¦
Betting— Rosewar. ¦ 6-5; Kloca Pomona. 3-2;'
6an UuitKin.- J9; Montoya. 1-2; Water Scratcn;
60; Barklyiu/ 60; Teddy ilarks, 60; G. . Aber
cromble.'-5d" ¦'¦¦ • .-• - c . .•:¦;¦¦' : .•'•"; r ¦. : "-/.--'.;.-. t -''
¦11MJI. FECOKD RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; four-year-olds an d upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
1S23 T. Irishman. 4, 105.. Weir S 4 4 11 11
(UCOPoublet. 4, l-,?..Math\vs 3 2 h 2 1 2 n.
1SS4 M. Itnwena, 5. lttJ.M'nce 2 3n 4 13 4
I<xi5 Vn <:adau, 4. lCkBasngr 111 3 n 44
¦ IS2S l^xiram. a. H>5 Hoar 7 6 4 5 6 6 1
1U» Meikarth. 6, 105..Marshl 6 7 7 6 4
1>>64 NewMtat'rer, 6. 110-Falhy 4 6 3 6 4*7
Time— 3-16. :1S; 7-16. :U; b\tt. 1:10^. Goo<J
ftmt. Won first three driving. Winner, C.
H. Willtunb' ch. g. bj- The Hero-Minnie Miss
man, ilrunce ver>' tardy "on Howena. Irlsh
riait hung on very well. Doublet probably
best. Cadeau a lot of ppeed. Scratched— Little
Bitter 10S. Tizona 105. champion Rose 103.
Betting— Tame Irishman. 7-2; Doublet, 5-2;
MiF* ltnwer.a, 2; l r n Cadeau. 7; Looram, I'O;
Mrlkarth. 60; Newsgatberer, 25.
OAKLAND RACETRACK — Wednes
day. Feb. 27, lSOL^-Weather fine. Track
-V.goad.V-'--; •' : / ; ??.'l'':
IftCO/ FIRST- RACE-Futurity coune; three;-;
j«"ar-ol<ls;'.tnjrse/JE3Sa. ' ¦ . .-.'.:.'•", - '.
Ir^.ex. Horse.- VCtl Jockey. St. *4. Sir. * Flit.'
1US Par*4ta4, 114....Doinlnick 4 11' 1 ? -.1 V4'
<M47ipt(5erot, 114. Rulx 1 2H..28 •¦2 8,
12n.Marry,. 114. :\.. Matthews 6 6.3 .3 V 8 H.
¦1M1 Katln Coat. 122... Mounce 2 6 - ' I 10 4 5
J'rtSOatK. Bravo. UJ-.MrshU S 3 h 4 2 5 10
J**S.liili!.l*,-..113. Romero 6' 4 16. 6. .."¦¦.
Time-^Tb: to W, :47; last %, 1:04; short
V 1 :li: : Oood start. %\"on easily. Second and
third dririnjr. ' Winner. WV O'R. Macdonough'a
br. «r. by-' St. Carlo- Partisanna. Diderot on
the verge Of- -a breakdown. Farstfa.1 tnuch-im
.prot-ed.: : Mounce dallied too Ions with Satin
O>at: Scratched— Homage 117. . ¦ ."•. ¦. .-' ." :
, Bmtnsr— Parsifal. 9-2; Diderot, 7-18;. Marcy.
31; Satin Coat, 3; Catherine Bravo. 200; Bllitis,
¦«0.-:' - - '.- ¦¦"... ¦ ¦ " . ¦•- '
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Flirty >C
v v ; getHer for Com parison of Herhs.
There is trouble brewing in the ranks
of the San Francisco Turn Verein. Cer
tain members of that exclusive organiza
tion are In a turbulent mood and a good
natured teacher of gymnastics is in dan
ger of decapitation. The old adage that
"a woman is at the bottom of it" is more
than true in this instance. In fact, tea
prepossessing maids are accountable for
an outburst of indignation among th3
male members of the organization.
On Thursday evening last the members
of the San Francisco Turn Verein gave a
masquerade ball in their hall at 323 Turk
Street. It was an annual event and the
members and their friends attended in
large numbers. Prizes were awarded to
those who wore the mest handsome cos
tumes and best sustained the character^
represented by them. A prize of $29 was
also presented by the committee to the
group of members that cave the best ex
hibition on the stage. Ten young women
secured this coveted prize and the cha
grin of their maJe competitors was great.
It seems that It is the custom for the
male athletes of the verein to carry off
this prize. The monev has" usually been
expended for foaming beakers or in buy-
Ing a repast for the victors. Certain mem
bers have for many years successfully
competed and expected to win as usual
last Thusday night. They were foiled,
however. The fair 'members of the organ
ization put their pretty heads together
and at a special meeting vowed they
would outdo the men. Profound secrecy
was demanded and, strange to relate, the
ladles maintained that secrecy. At an
other special meeting it was decided that
the fair conspirators should go to the
ball a* "Pierrots" and Professor Hans
Goetz was appealed to to teach them a
little dance that would bei in harmony
with their pink and black satin costumes.
Within a week the Misses Minnie and
Clara Trost, Julie and Alice Kalmuk,
Hattle Korn, Dora Linbaugh, Laura Sieff.
Etta and Edie Plegemann, Annie Berg
man, Jos in Simmen and Therese Freder
icks were able to pirouette with the grace
of coryphees.
That the men were not Idle Is evidenced
by the preparations they made. Messrs.
Louis Rapp, Alfred Furth. Fred Miller.
George Mass and Ernest Fleischer, felt
certain they would carry off the prize.
They expended $40 In buying costumes.
They are all powerfully built men and
each believes himself to be patterned after
the mold of the Apollo Belvedere. They
therefore presented a tableau in which
they appeared as Grecian gladiators.
Their heaving muscles stood out In beauti
ful relief and were accentuated by the re
fulgent rays of a calcium handled by an
expert. But they did not win. When the
ten young ladles tripped on ¦ the stage
they were greeted with thunderous'ap
plause and when they finished their grace
ful dance they were given an ovation and
also the prize.
Fair Maids Create Dissen
sion Among Members of .
Turn Verein. .
PIERROTS DEFEAT
THE GLADIATORS
at Union Park resulted in the matching
of many speedy hounds. The' contests will
be held Saturday and Sunday, and should
provide two days of exciting sports There
are ninety-six greyhounds entered in the
open stake, and they are matched as toU
lows: - '.
|pP, W. Bartels'- Mac's Melody vs. Chlarlnl
Brothers' Santonin: Russell & Allen's Daisy
ClaJr vs. sterl & Knowles' Ripple; Curtis &
Sons' Flying Fox vs. Walsh & Heenan's Sac
ramento Boy; PasJja Kennels" Rural Artist vs.
F. Jones'. • Harle'an Gladys; P. i J. Rellly's
Loughneagh' vg, Russell -& Allen's* Rosle Clair;
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead vs. T. Doyle's
rnelma; T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. E. M. Kel
loggTs Buck; K. A. McComb's Frosty Morn vs.
T. Tierney's Tea Rose; pterl & Knowles'
P.'cety Mist vs. T.W. Bartels' Banner Bright;'
J. Hurley's Hurricane vs. T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle; J. Smith's Master Workman vs. G.
Sliarman's Bowery Boy; E. M. Kellogs's Iowa
lioy vs. \\*. M. Hoag's Cecil M; Russoll &
Aliens First Foot vs. Pasha. Kennels' Royal
Ar.ne; J. Hurley's O K Capitol vs. F." Jones'
Tom Hurllek; M. . Dunlay's F.rin vs. W. C.
Glas*on's Dewdrop; P. Doyle's Liberator' vs.
Curtle & Sons' McKlnley; J. P.* Thrift'" Tyrone
Prince vs. G. Bonner's Wild Nora: J. Car
roll's Auckland vs. F. A. MeComb's Bona
F.'de; F. Jones' , Wed gewood vs. , G. ¦ Lennon's
Halfmoon; Kay Brothers Hawker ¦ vs. D. J.
Healy's Slsquoc; Yosemlte Kennels' Free
dom's Banner vs. D. ' J. Healey's Tapioca;
Sterl &- Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. I>. Toland's
Twilight Jr.; P. StelnhofTs Veto vs. E. M.
Kcllogg's Kid McCoy; Gold Dust Kennels'' St.
Michael vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; P. J.
Reilly's Royal Union vs. Russell &: Allen's
Spiteful; Captain Badger's Alameda Lad" vs.
I*. Dillon's Granuvilla; J. Holden's Scottish
Cliief vs. Yosemlte Kennels' Uncle Fuller: J.
J. Keenan's Lundln Links vs. P. J. Rellly's
Warship; P. Jackson's Honor Bright vs. P,
J. Rellly's Moonbrlght; J. powling's Sir Law
nr.ee vs. Conneli Brothers' Log: Boy; T. J.
McCarthy's John Doe vs. Pasha Kennels' Han
c"om Aim; Ersklne & Jones" Lavender vs.
I'asha Kennels' Round About; F. A. MeComb's
Little Sister vs. Gold Dust Kennels' Sprlng
b&ck; T. Keer.an's Bab-a-din vs. J. J. Kenny's
Hot Haste; George Sharman's Chicago Boy
vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete; L. F.
Bartels' Best Bargain vs. Curtis & Sons'
Luxor; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. Pasha Ken
rels' Fiery Face; \ George Whitney's Theron
\b. Sterl & Knowles' Ollta: Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Article:
George Sharman's St. Ives vs. The Star Ken
nels' Master Lawrence; Gold Dust Kennels'.
Brutus vs. S. HanJy's Twin City Girl; Erwln
A Lyon's Silver Wings vs. J. Carroll's Master
Clatr; J. Smith's Boney Boy vb. J. E. Hodg
klns' King Cashier; W. C. Glasson's lone vs.
F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion; Curtis &
Rons' Narcissus vs. M. Gleason's Aconjte;
George Nethercott's Floodgate vsL J. Mooney's
f'l'ent Treasure; Pasha Kennels' Risky . At
tfmpt vs. Yosemlte Kennels' Mose; D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl vs. George Parkinson's Ben
Lomond.
Ninety-Six Great Dogs Will Pursue
I the Elusive Hare Next ° „ : '
Saturday and Sun- ,,", "*=
day. * c V° ' ? "'. ;*v.;
.•---.- • r , ¦ . — — — • ; ';V°* V °° ' ; o -
The drawing last night for the coursing
Opin Stake at Union Cours
ing Park Brings To- /
gether Speedy Dogs. 1
FLEET HOUNDS
ARE MATCHED
ADVANCE GUARD BREAKS
TANFORAN TRACK RECORD
Winner Over Joe Ripley and St.
Oakland—Favorites Lose.
The attaches of -the City and. County
Hospital were notified lato yesterday
afternoon that a man had been thrown
from the San Jose train which passes the
hospital about . 6:30. An ambulance was
sent out and the unfortunate man, who
was found to bo severely Injured, was
brought to the hospital.
Everything possible was done for him,
butc despite the efforts of the physicians
he succumbed to his injuries, dying about
midnights When tha hospital ambulance
arrived at the corner of Twentieth • and
Harrison streets, the scene of the acci
dent, the driver was told, by a woman
who refused to give her name that "she
saw the man fall from the train as the
car«;were rounding a curve, and that she
thought Bbe recognized : him as Fred
Behn, a hotel keener of Mayfleld.
The woman said she did not care to
have her name mentioned In connection
with the affair and also refused to give
her address. -
FATALLY INJURED BY *
FALLING FROM THAIN
Vain, with Winnie/ O'Connor at the
wheel, came into port in fair-weather
Bailing, leaving the first choice, Torslda,
and The Singer to get the show and place
money. The Singer was carried out to the
front by Henry and led even when the
paddock was reached, but then O'Connor
whipped up and left The Singer and Tor
sida rolling In the wake. This was over
the mile route.
The sixth race wont to Rolling Boer, a
strong favorite, Henry on. top. Some who
thought the distance too short for the
Boer fancied the second choice. Raveling,
who got the place. At the start Rio de
Altar took the lead, with Raveling close
behind. At the stretch the Boer, began
to steam, up and won handily.
. "Winnie O'Connor rode in all six races,
piloting three winners. Straight Shot, I*e
pal Maxim and Vain: two for plate. St.
Cuthbert and Raveling, and one for show,
Tuthill. s,-
T'.is race, the third on the card, was
four-cornered. Janice and Autumn being
the other entries. Autumn, on account of
recent- performances, was considered the
outsider, hut showed *up In this engage
ment as. a etanch warrior of the track.
Henry had the mount and at the start he
took Autumn out to the front. The
humping for the first eighth mile was ex
ecrable, all but Autumn figuring. Ad
vance Guard drew up in the rear and until
the last turn held no better position. Then
Burns began driving and the race was a
hot one down the stretch, all three jock
eys driving hard when they passed under
the wire. Autumn got the place and Tut
hHl the show.
Winnie O'Connor took up the winning
streak yesterday where he left off on
Tuesday. In the. llrst race he piloted
Straight Shot. 7 to 1. for first money over
six and a half furlongs, for three-year
old' maidens. Introductory 20 - to - 1 when
the betting opened, and 10 to 1 at the
close, was ridden by Woods and all hut
captured the purse. Introductor led all
the way to the paddock and then a hot
race- began between Straight Shot, Intro
ductor and The Gaffir. Straight Shot rang
the bell, Introductor taking second place
and The Gaffir getting the show. Aphro
dis, the favorite, was lost In Greek.
Legal Maxim, O'Connor up, was a pro
hibitive favorite in four furlongs race and
rightly so. . When Winnie let loose there
was nothing to the race but Anna B, now
under the changed name of Snowberry,
at 109 to 1, andMuslque, at 15 to 1, got the
place and show. ;
J saline, with Henry up, won, the fourth
race, selling, six furlongs, in easy style.
Theory was th*» favorite and at the start
Bums b<?gan to j?o out in front. Henry
tacked on and at the turn into the 3tretch
passed and walked away from the fa
vorite.
by Advance Guard. Carruthers &
Shields' great four-year-old tore off a full
second of the 1:45^4 time that stood as the
Tanforan figure. Tommy Burns sieered
the winner, which opened a favorite bin
closed second choice, Tuthill, O'Connor
up, getting the play in the ring.
THE feature of the racing at Tan
foran yesterday was the destruc
tion of the track record over the
one mile and seventy yards route
If Johnny Bullman, the jockey, can ob
tain the consent of Senator McCarren of
New York, his present employer, he will
pilot Garry Hermann In both the Mem
phis and Kentucky Derbies. The crack
rider is daily awaiting an answer from
the .New York turfman..
AT TANFORAN TRACK
By Louis Honig.
E. Landsberg, the well-known horse
man, will take a handy string of horses
over the Montana and Colorado circuits
the coming summer. The Elk and several
other bread winners will be members of
the string.
Track lJotes.
Alleviate, also from the Schulte stable,
took the closing six furlong spin. The
mare went to the post an even money
chance and, leading throughout, came In
winner, -five lengths in advance of Mod
wena.; Alaria, k 10 to 1 shot, ran third.
Beaten a head for the two-year-old
dash, Joe Tague's entry, Maydine, in the
mile selling run, met with more success.
The'mare went to 7 to 1, and then won all
the way. One length back Expedient, the
favorite, came from far back, leading out
Montallade for the place. ' : .
After looking at his several races the
smart ones have pronounced St. Simonian
a "dog."- The big fellow closed a favorite
for the mile and a sixteenth run, and,
showing no speed, ran third. The going
exactly suited Lena, which had J. Ransch
In the saddle, and the old mare disposed
of Joe Ripley in a common canter.
With, the talent divided as to whether
Miss Rowena or Doublet would win the
five and a half furlong run, second on the
card, Tame Irishman went out and did the
act. The queerly named Celtic horse had
a world of speed and, outfootlng Doublet,
earned the decision by a length. Mounce,
astride Miss Rowena, rode a poor race,
finishing a close third.
Even If jockeys are at a premium the
judges at Oakland track, as well as at
Tanforan, ehodld inform these exalted
stable boys that they are not the whole
thing. They may illuminate the most fre
quented paths of the tenderloin, but
should be taught that they do not dom
inate the powers that bo. in racing. After
taking: advantage of the start, Henry
Shieius on Rosewar, in the two-year-old
event, carried out the favorite, Flora Po
mona, and won by a neck. Shields' horse
manship was plainly open to criticism —
and at the leist he should have been
fined.
Mounce, who seems to have fallen Into a
lazy groove, made a poor showing with
Satin Coat.
¦ Racing began with a sprint over the
Futurity.- course, , which was captured
easily by. Parsifal, a 4% to 1 chance, rid
den by t Domlnlck. Diderot, the 7 to 10
choice, was weakly handled by Ruiz, fin
ishing second, six lengths before Marcy.
• ;. . Mies Rowena, Flora Pomona, St.
Slmonian and Expedient all went to the
post well backed and failed utterly to up
hold the confidence reposed In them. -;No
fault could be found with the attendance,
which' was quite' up to the average, "and
the betting was lively. *}.; o : .. "
piy|i=d HE track at Oakland yesterday.
:•• 11 ";: was- elow and dead, and favorites
.- ,11 ,-'• in the betting' were a long way
1L • from holding their own. Diderot,
By F. E. Mulholland.
LONG-PEDIGREED FELINES
ARE EXHIBITED FOR PRIZES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -FEBRUARY 28, *?01.;
were as follows:.; .. ._•_. '¦¦'., ;
Class 1. Mrs. Startling** Omar: elass J. Mn.
Hcag"s Trince; class 3. Mrs. Hoas's NU>;
class 5, Mrs. Martllngr"s Pansy; class •• Mr-..
Hnag's Sirsky; clas* 7. Miss Maude Foot«»
Massar; class 9, Mrs.. Hoag's Eva: class 1'.
Mrs. MeCabe's Doc, ...
Mrs. Freeman's Siamese cat Chora cap
tured all the honors In his class.
: Mrs.' Morse won the kitten which was
raffled; V-./i'v* V- \- -.]'.: ; ; y'.'y'-";. .
.•f*Tf^HB members pt the Pacific Cat
» •II' Club had their, flnept specimens of
• II "= ' e U nes On exhibition yesterday aft
, c vll* ernoon and evening at : the resi
*: " dence of Mrs.' George .Law Smith
oh Jackson street. There .were-' forty cats
on exhibition and each one. 1 shown. '.was
•=ths proud possessor of a long and splendid
pedigree/- ..:•.•.•"..•• ••"•. - •• U'"' -'> •¦-¦ •'
The awards *hlch were;, madelast pighj
4
AT OAKLAND TRACK
I: COAL. COKE AND P1O IROX
J- C JHLSOiV w & CO-, agSJK&EL
: - ;.j VCOPPERSMITH.
C'W CM1TH Sh'P PlumblHB. Steaaot»«t and
W- I? • 3J1 1 1 11 £hlp Work a specialty. II u4
U'WMhlnxtoh.tt. Telephone Mala ML '
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C RAVEC * n\ thippinK Batchers, im
JA> OUlfcb a LU- clay, Tel. Mala 12K
t-XTBRTCATt^OOTLS. LEONARD * EUJ3L
- 41* Front it.. B. S". Phon« Mala 1T1«.
\ v "pRINTlNa.
t C. BD6HES. v m: arngSByg a. >.
! - PRINTERS. BOO BINDERS.
HICKS-JIIDD CO..' : "
[ v 5 v''"°'° J °- "V-.,'M-yir»t «t.. Ban Fraaetoea. -.
° I AND PRINTER.
Ttleitrmphla PiDTfinifiP m Callforal*
- ' : ¦
A Good Sleeps
Nothing adds more to vigor of body, and : " : "After Xour months of intense stiffcring
cheerfulness of mind, or aid3 so well in from nervous prostration I was a helpless •
chasing away the lines ofworry and care '¦ -invalid, could not eat,, did not sleep 30
I from the weary, brow, as good, ''soun^- to- \\v'< minutes -bi'-'eacii' 24 -hours and was so run- . ,
freshing sleep. But when the gray matter; I ¦ down that' I had lost nearly 60 pounds in
of the brain has been robbed of its vitality | weight; \ Five weeks after I began using \
and constructive strength by weak; worn- ; • .; Dr. ; Miles' Nervine I could eat well, sleep
out and exhausted nerves, sleep gives iway j well and had gained 85 pounds in weight. : ¦ \
to restless tossing and long hours of fever- From that time my complete recovery was" • =
ish distress. Do you want a good sleep? assured. 1^ * J. C Stephens, =V, , : ' V*
You can getfitifyou go about it right,; / * V^ 1 - - Carlisle, Pa>; " \[
Belaxes the strain on the excited nerves and gives the repair * shops of the brain a chance to \
make good the damage of the waking houra It is a great brain-food and narve-builder.
So!dbTaIIdraggistsoii»gtfatante«. - Df > Mgca Medkal Co«. EgAAff^ Tn/f
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalo?uas and Price Lists Mallei
_.; on Application.
0\ ¦ I ft I f% Laflin A Rand Waterproof
|\| V Smokeless Powder, la buli
3-1 I ftfl and loaded In eheils. S#-nd
I a I BI«H ¦ tor catalogue of iportlrs
~ _ "-^. ;39 Market «t.
BACON PUACE CASES DISMISSED^— Tha I
case of R. C. Clapp, Ernest Augutn and Mrs..)
JdR MEVER5&C0.
I SPECIALISTS.
I Diseases and Weaknessof Men
B Curo Lest Manhood and weak-
Hness which accompanies it; also
¦ Private Diseases, Varlcocele. Strtc-
H ture. Blood Poison. Diseases of the
H Kidneys. Bladder, etc; <J
u Patients may pay wh«o well or
Bin monthly installments. Home
n cures , a - specialty. ' Private - book.
¦ question list, etc., free, at office or
B by mail. Correspondence confiden-
ts tlal. • •• .
I HOURS— Dally. 9 to 5, Evenings,
7 to 8. Sundays* 9 to 11, EI*EVA-
TOR ENTRANCE. : *
75| MARKET STREET,
101 San Francisco.
RACERS
¦'Twenty- Five 19O2
CLEVELAND RACERS
: Built expressly for San Fran- i
cisco trade, arrived yester- •
day by Wells- Fargo. More ;
:'* to follow. . : ...
LEAViTT & BILL, \
300 Larkln Street, San Francisco.
¦ 9O Smn Pablo Avenue. Oakland. •
37 South Second Street, 8 an Jose.AMENDMENT AS
FINALLY ADOPTED
STOCKHOLM. Feb. 27.— The. influenza
epidemic Is becoming more j Prince
Bernadotte, second c eon of. King Oscar, is
among th« sufferers. . . : *
Influenza Spreading'.
Dr. C. N.1 Elllnwood will give the next
lecture of the Lane course of popular lec
tures at Cooper MeJlcal College" to-mor
row- night at -8 o'clock. His 1 subject will
be "The City's Sewerage.", ,No tickets are
required. • . -^ i ;- 1 "- . . ¦'.
Cooper College' Lecture.
To Add Civic. Section.
ALAMEDA.Feb. 27.-At a meeting* of
the Adelphlan Club, held yesterday, the
memberscJecided to add a civic section as
ari.addltional attraction for the club The
proposed 'section already has a promised
membership of twenty-five.: The proposi
tion to . Increase the dues to 50 -cents 'a
month went. through without opposition.
PBOHTBITS "PBIZE-FiaHTrN-Q.
Eill Is Rushed Through the Kansas
. . - ° . legislature.
TdPEKA.'.Kans., Feb. 27.— Actinar upon
a message f rgm^ Governor Stanley late
yesterday ¦ afternoon," a bill was rushed
through the Legislature prohibiting prize
nghting. » - . o . -. . ;'-¦ • - .
- A penalty of one year in the county jail
is. provided. The present antl-prlzeflght
ir.g la\v Is practically invalid since the de
cision 6f the Supreme Court in the Paddy
PurtelL case. .
¦ . — t— — * .
Silvela May Form Cabinet.
MADRID, Feb. 27.— The Queen Regent
to-day consulted with the "presidents of
the Senate and Chamber and both, of these
Officials advised her Majesty ,t6 intrust
Senor Sllvela with the worlt of forming a
Cabinet. Senors Sllvela and 1 Sagasta aft
erward were also consulted.
The undersigned In behqlf of the veterans'
organizations they, represent respectfully have
read the foregoing: communication addressed by
Major General Sickles. U. S. A., to the chief
of the stall of the " grand marshal, and w«
heartily concur therein. - ••.- '...-."
-ISRAEL. W. STOXE, Commander of De
partment of Potomac. G. A. R. °;
R. G. DYRENFORTH. Commander in Chief
Union Veterans' Union, Order : of Union Ba>
tlemen.' ¦ v
¦ J. EDWIN BROWNE/ Colonel Commanding
Encampment No. 63, Union Veteran Legion.
Jj. <"M. LIPSCOMB. Senior Vice Commander
Spanish War Veterans Corps, District of Co
lumbia. •>„ ,
A. Noell Blakeman. Chief of Staff — D«ar Sir"
In view of the published general order Xo. 5.
February 26. headquarters of the -grand mar
shal, J. have the^honcr to-state for his informa
tion that none of th» veteran orgranijations of
the Civil War cr of the Spanish-American War
with which I nave been able to communicate
will take part In any of the inauguration cere
monies on next Monday. . I regret that. the re
fusal of the grand marshal to give to the vet
erans position in either of the marchlnir col
umus such as th.ey believe should be accorded
to them ¦ constrains the veterans to decline
placing themselves^ under- the orders of the
srand marshal. - - ¦ ¦ . ' .
I repeat the request made to the grand mar
thai last Sunday that I, be relieved from duty
as marshal -of the veteran division. Very re
-pectfully. DANIEt. E. SICKLES.
• - • Major General. U. S. "A., retired.
General Sickles' letter and its indorse
ment by the various = organizations «¦ fol
lows: > • ¦•¦¦*¦ •"• .. •
WASHINGTON. Feb. ?7. 1501.
MTASHINGTOX. Feb. 27.— Veteran sol
diers of the Spanish and Civil wars have
officially declined to participate in the in
augural parade on March 4. The decision
affects organizations In the Grand Army
of the Republic, the Union Veterans'
Union and the Spanish War Veterans.
The dissatisfaction of the veterans with
the place assigned them in the parade is
responsible for to-day's action. It was
their wish to act as the' personal escort
to the President. Grand Marshal Greene,
on the contrary, assigned them to a posi
tion in the line ahead of the civic organi
zations and following the National Guard.
General Daniel Sickles to-day notified
General Greene that the veterans had de
clined to. participate in the parade, and
he tendered his resignation as marshal of
the veteran division. °
Decline Positively to. Take
Part jn the Inaugural
Procession.
FINAL DECISION
OF THE VETERANS
It is^ believed he will not be prose
cuted by the, Desplaines authorities be
cause his sureties have promised to make
good the, sums owed depositors, and out
of consideration for E. J. Meyers his
partner, who suffered by the failure of
the cank. . • ¦ * .
As a lecturer on the properties of liquid
air, -Palmer has traveled all over the
United States, and was by some hailed as
the superior of Tripler, tho discoverer of
,the liquifying process. , He is a lawver
and a' teacher, having at different times
conducted classes, in a local high school
and in the. college at Quincy, 111
Palmer said to-day that inability to
realize on his securities In liquid air nro-
Jectswas the. cause of the closine of his
banks, but asserted that if allowed 0 to
carry out his plans he would be ablo to
pay his creditors dollar for dollar
Against Palmer's bank at Ashley there
are unsatisfied claims of $40,000* while, de
positors of the Ellettsville concern claim
$30,0Q0 ; and have filed many suits of at
tachment since the bank closed its doors
a week ago. The deficit in the accounts
of. the^.Desplaines institution is put at
$12,000. '" The police have been looking for
Palmer, since Monday.
CHICAGO. 5 Feb. 27.— Edmund Palmer,
whose banks In Desplalnes and Ash
ley, 111., and in Ellettsvllle, Ind., have
closed with total liabilities estimated
at $80,000. was arrested at* his home In
Desplaines to-day. Palmer is wanted by
the authorities of Ashley, and his arrest
was made at their request.
Suretits Promise to Make
Good the Sums 0 wad
Depositors.
BANKER PALMER
UNDER ARREST
To a thouRhtfui rslnd. the trust problem is
one cf EM-ioxiR import. It must be flrmly
Rrapplcd . with, for , it creeps upon roelety be
fore you «r« anare of Its Vxlstonce. In this re
«!**<•' much ren^mbllng the various disorders
¦which attack tho *to:r;«trS.' «uch an conetlpa
tiort. :i5i!!geRtJt<^ £jr«r<«r« | !» and billousneas.
Ko*tPttrr's Ftomach DUtem trill cure all such
ailments, and prevent la pH.ppe. malarial fever
and affue. I:* M.r» Wi sriv» u a trial.
Th- Trust Problem. ¦ ' ¦" f ' -
LONDON. Feb. 27.— Public subscriptions.
will be asked for to-morrow for the erec
tion cf a memorial to Queen Victoria. The
committee of' Cabinet Ministers and for
mer Cabinet Ministers appointed by King
Edward to consider the question of a me
mo-rial has decided that it shell be erected
in London and bo permanent and of a
monumental character. , The King ap
proves of this. 'The committee 1b now
taking tho advice of notable persons- as
to precisely what would be appropriate
Will Be Erected in London and Pai£
For by Popular Subscrip-. ¦
- tion. ¦ ¦
MONUMENT "PLANNED .
FOB QUEEN VICTORIA.
¦ jury. - .
XETW TORIC. Feb. 27.— Mrs. Clarenc*
Mackay was thrown from a cab- to-night
but escaped without iniury. Mrs. Mackay,
with hef husband. left their home on
Madison avenue in a nansom. They went
to the Union Club. v. here Mr. Mackay
alighted, and Mrs. MacVay'then started 10
return home.
At Twenty-eighth street and Fkfth ave
nue there was a collision between th«
cab and. a Twenty-el^fcth street car. The
cab was overturned and Mrs. Mackay was
thrown to the street. The driver wa*
thrown out and the horse was killed. .Th
motorman of the car was placed und»r
arrest. Mrs. Mackav > suffered from
bruises and Ehoci.
Suffers From Bruises and Shock, but
' Escapes Serious In-
MRS. CLARENCE MACKAY ,
. IS THROWN FROM A CAB
Declares She Will Remain There Un
til Released "Without Making
Promises.
PEORIA. 111.. Feb. 27.— Surrounded by
a large crowd of men and boys, Mrs. Car
rie Nation this afternoon ' boarded the
Burlington train at 3 o'clock and started
for Topeka, Kans., where she will be sur
rendered to the Sheriff to resume her jail
life.
She says she will remain in Jail until
released without promising not to smaeh
any- more saloons. This morning she vis
ited the City Hall, where she • lectured
Mayor Lynch for the manner In which
he runs the city. Thon she had a contro
versy with W. A. Brubaker. the prohibi
tion orator who helped her edit the
Journal yesterday, and then visited the
Great Western Distillery. As Peter
Casey, the trust manager, escorted ¦ her
through the distillery ehe begged him to
smash it. When asked what she thought
of thf lanrest distillery In the world she
replied: "It is .hell'."
¦¦¦• '¦ ¦ ¦'¦','/. ' <,•'¦ .- -on. ' July :4.-i ; . . "•*".> 'J-v:*
1 F.ORt'.TATES. SV D.'i. .Feb. 27;— Reports
emanating; j froip' 'Omaha = that "the": Slbux
are ; ;iir ; ari- ugly moodVare; declared to be
correct;' by." those who 1 are in ' the. 'confl
dejdce'-"-ipf" the Indians. There' are those
who have been warned that the time of
the -outbreak .".-will.- be July. 4, when thou
sands, of Indians assemble.. at the agencies
lo have their sports. The soldiers- -at the
posts .are usually away at this time. The
Indian Bureau is partly responsible for
this, restless feeling among the Sloux.who
.axe-'anklpus to. get a complete statement
t>f : th"e money due th<»m from- the' sale of
lands ceded in. the 1839 treaty.
¦ Colonel McLaughlln, who has more In
fluence with the Sioux than any other
white .man living, has : explained the
.treaties and other matters to them and
has...' promised to take, up some of their
grievances with the/Commissioner. They
are content to leave the matter in his
hands for the present. "\Vith the lower
Indians- It is different, and there is a
proppect of serious trouble if the depart
ment does not take some notice of these
communications.
... ¦¦ ¦— :. , •
SIRS. CAEBIE NATION
GOES BACK TO JAIL
Fejated'That an Outbreak. Wilt Take
: V ' , : • .Place During Assimblag^. I ¦'¦ •••
SIpTJX. INDIANS ;..\ ,: ; • '••/.; r.'::'
:ti""?-: :: -J". -A^E I# .: tTGLY MOOD
IXDIAXAPOLIS, Feb. • 27.— Dorothy
Darter identified the negro "Doc" Reed,
brought here 'from New Castle, this after
nb.bn, as her assailant. Last Thursday
afternoon on the streets of Irvlngton ahe
was assaulted and beaten to Insensibility.
She Is yet in a dangerous condition. The
negro was brought here handcuffed by an
officer. The party was- met at a suburban
station by a dozen policemen and detec
tives with Superintendent Qulgley at
their head, and followed by a patrol _
wagon 'full of policemen the negro was'
driven to the' barter home," two miles
from Irvington. an Indianapolis suburb.
The girl identified the negro, then seeing
the crowd of several hundred thaf had
gathered around the house wavered and
said she was uncertain. Later, when the
negYo and officers had . left, she stated
that she positively identified the man,
but feared to say so when he was j there,
fearing tho crowd would hang him in.
their- yard. ¦
- When the news scattered that Reed had
been identified there was Intense excltd*
ment throughout the city. .A hasty con
sultation between the Governor, Adjutant
General. Sheriff* and Superintendent of
Police was called and the companies .of
the National Guard here . were ; placed
under orders to be ready at a moment's
notice to quell a mob. One hundred stands
of arms were '• taken from the- State
Armory to the County. Jail, and seventy
five Deputy Sheriffs were at oncesswonn
in. In addition to this, fifty policemen are
onguard In every street in the vicinity of
the Jail. and. every, one: is stopped f rO m
approaching; "> "This mode' of avoiding
trouble will continue \hrough the night.
"Thousands of people began gathering
on the downtown streets early this even
ing, and groups «f men appeared on every
corner near the^Jall, which is- across»the
street from' the -\ city . police station.
Stem orders to disperce;.; however, ,-sep*
arated them. The' negro was * greatly
frightened and kept Imploring the officers
to save him. The jail is a new structure
of stone, costing" $75,000, and will with
stand an attack. . ». .'. -V '
and Guard the Jail at
Indianapolis.
Armed Men Pajrol Streets
DOROTHY DARTER'S
ASSAILANT SAFE
McCall of Massachusetts said he was
willing to accept the compromise.. If no
stronger provision against hazing could
be procured.
Dick of Ohio, chairman of. the special
committee which investigated the case of
Oscar L. Booz, gave it as his opinion that
Hull commended the compromise which
had been reached and expressed the opin
ion that if the report was .rejected the bill
would fail. •
Immediately after the approval of the
Journal the House, upon motion of Payne,
the majority leader, agreed that for the
remainder of the session it would meet
at ll-o* clock instead of at noon, as here
tofore.
The Speaker's table was cleared of some
minor business and Hull of Iowa tho«i
called up the conference report of the mil
itary academy appropriation bill. It was
the same report previously agreed to. but
rejected by the Senate on account of the
provision against hazing, which had been
modified.
WASHINGTON, Feb; 27.— The House
had a busy day of routine, agreeing to the
.conference reports on- the .fortifications.
District of Columbia *and the military
academy bills, the last-named containing
the anti-hazing legislation.- The. naval ap
propriation bill was sent back -to .confer
ence after the defeat of. a motion, to' con
cur in the Senate's- provision for three
more submarine torpedo-boats.' The Loui
siana. Purchase Exposition bill, which has
been In a precarious parliamentary state/
was finally sent to conference for an ad
justment of differences. Several bills for
statues were disposed of by parliamentary
maneuvers. The revenue cutter bill also
received a- reverse, the House adjourning
when an effort was made to take it up.
Early sessions will begin in the House to-
1VICHITA. Kan's.. ' /Feb.-' rJ.i^A^frea- By*
rum, a star-rguie. maU :^rjier\fr0-m.--Arapf :
ahce to Elmer, '!r^- .Oklab,6m"a, ¦: -has ''¦•:cq*>?
fessed to systematic robbery, cf (he\n?ails
and burning on the. prairie" the^^-letters ani^"
packapes craned. . He is.- Tto-wr! fn/iatj..": ='-•.¦:• .'
Conf esses. Ho^TbingjBIails.
Hepburn called up the revenue cutter
bill, whereupon Mann interposed a motion
to adjourn, which prevailed, and at 5:30
o'clock the House adjourned.
What is known as the Olmstead reso
lution, relating to the relative black and
white population of States, was tabled,
owing to the Inability of the census office
to furnish information before the ad
journment of . Congress. -,
Sims of Tennessee objected, whereupon
Tawney moved to suspend the rules and
non-concur in the Senate amendments
and agree to the conference asked for by
the Senate.
After gome debate on the Sunday open
ing question the motion prevailed without
division. ;
Ixmd, chairman of the.Postofflce Com
mittee, presented a partial conference re
port upon the pestofflce appropriation bill
involving only the. minor matters in is
sue between the two houses, and it was
agreed to without division. • • .
Tawney, chairman of the Special Com
mittee on the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition, was then recognized by the
Speaker and asked unanimous consent to
consider the Senate amendments to the
St. Louis Exposition bill.
The conference report on the District
of. Columbia appropriation bill was agreed
to, as was also the conference report on
the fortifications appropriation bill.
A motion to recede and concur in the
Senate amendment to the naval appro
priation.- bill providing . for three sub
marine iorpedo boats was lost, 117 to 131.
The -bill was then sent back to confer
ence. ¦ • -
After some further remarks by Hepburn
of Iov/a, Smith of Iowa and Drlggs of
New York, the report was adopted with
out division.
the compromise contained in the confer
ence report was the only legislation which
could be enactei Into law during this Con
gress.
LONDONv re^;:'^^-rrhe".;H^;"' ; :Gla\lo>"
Ans.cn . a.brother' .of. •ihe.;Earl/pf - Llchflela, ¦
was. married" to- La.dy/.;Ck>dagh:. -<Je . Lapo.r
Berec ford ¦;'. '-.a ;' sister; • lief ; .' tfae -\ SlaTquisv "••of. •'
XV at erf ord ; \ri ';. I^ofiipn .-tp^aay.l > The: il'ar-
0 ¦ j Is : - : cf W« e rjfcr.d i-gavfe.i te .-bridle - -arway^' ¦
Th? bTidepreom passed "'som^ -dni-'ar.
ranch In Texas:' :'- .V. :¦. '¦". ¦:¦ 'a ']'¦:' .[ ,-• ."¦'. ¦ '.'':.''¦
M?unies^;1^rquiV Sister;
Cram's Atlas Is the
best Atlas published.
THE CALL gives alt Its
readers the privilege of
securing this splendid
reference book for
SI.5O, or about one
fifth of the regular sub
scription price. The
first carload of these
books will arrive soon,
and distribution to sub
scribers will begin im
mediately upon arrival.
CALL READERS
...GET THE...
BEST ATLAS.
Noes— Allen, Bacon. .Bate. Berry. Butler.
Cattery. Chilton. ' Clay, Cockrell. Culberson,
Harris, Hoar. Jones of Arkansas. Jones of Ne
vada, Kenney, Lindsay, o McEnery. Mallory,
Martin, Pettigrew, Pettus, . Rawlins,' Talia
ferro. Teller. Tillman, Turley, Turner— 27.
During the early part of the day the
conference report upon the fortifications
appropriation bill was " accepted • by the
Senate.
The final vote on the Spooner amend
ment was: ;•
Ayes— Aldrich. Allison. Bard. Beverldee
Burrows. Carter. Chandler, Clark, Cullora,
Peboe, Depew. DUlinKham, Dolllver, Elklns,
Fairbanks. Foraker. Foster, Gallinger. Hale,
Hanna. Hansbrough. Hawley, K«an. Kearns,
Kyle. Lodge. McComas. HcCuraber. . McLaurln,
McMillan. Nelson. Perkins. Platt of Connecti
cut, Pritchard. Proctor, Quarles. Scott Sew
ell. Shoup. Simon. Spooner, Stewart, Thurston,
¦\Varren, Wetmore— 45.
The most notable speech of the day was
delivered by Bacon of Georgia. He had
been thoroughly aroused by reports that
the Democratic members had been in
duced bv questionable means to withdraw
their opposition- to -the proposed legisla
tion, and he passionately branded as a
libel upon honorable men and Senators
any and all such statements. Personally,
he declared, he would defeat the amen-.l
ment if he could, although he realized the
majority woulS have to accept the respon
sibility for. them. His arraignment of the
amendment for "coercing" Congress Into
onactii:g such provisions In the closing
hours of the session was sensationallv
fierce, and he declared that the only pos
sible object of such action was that the
"plunderers and vultures" might have an
opportunity to prey upon the prostrate
land of the Filipinos. Senator Turner of
Washington. Tillman of South Carolina.
Fettlgrew of South Dakota. Hoar of Mas
sachusetts, Teller of Colorado, Mallory of
Florida. Lindsay of Kentucky, Culberson
of Texas. Jones of Arkansas, Money of
Mississippi, Allen of Nebraska and others
addressed the Senate, all of them de»
nounclng the proposed legislation.
Early In the evening the voting began
on. the minor amendments to the meas
ure. All of them were offered by Demo
cratic Senators and all of them were voted
down by heavy majorities.
Not since the enactment of the resoiu-"
tions declaring a' stato of war* .to exist be
tween the^ United- States 'and • Spain -has
there been such an avalanche of passion
ate oratory as ,the\ Senate' listened to to
day. Throughout tjie cession the army ap
propriation bill was under discussion tha
controverted questions being the Spooner
Philippine amendment and- the Platt
Cuban amendment." Curiously enough the
debate was confined. entirely 'to the Demo
cratic side of- the chamber, with one ex
ception. Both amendments were de
nounced as -vicious and pernicious- legis
lation, subversive of the principles of tills
Government and unparalleled In the his
tory of leslslatlve enactments.
..WASHINGfON," Feb; 28!— The^ . Sena!ti
passed .the army appropriation bill at'l2:5»'
o'clock containing the proriositiong- of -the
Republican majority-., for" -the' .temporary'
government of the ana -for
the future relajtjons .between- the U-nited
States and" Cuba.. Many amendments We're
offered% to : both" propcsltions 'but ° Wejfce
voted down. Ther-orlshial, Spooner .amerid-
ment was amended regarding franchises
proposed by Hoar," the latter proposition
having been accepted..by':th'e majority yes
terday.- ...... . • = ¦*•"*. • . •- • . : •¦ • °
Section -jn '. .Military /Academy Bill Relating to
i . ; . . Hazing Is Modified.
.>^»JAN RAFAEL, Feb. 27.-E.. A. Cox
ft^^ died suddenly - in Seattle this
morning. ..Mr.- Cox" was the ,«en-,
eral r manager of "the Xorth a ,AmerN
\ can Cbmrhercial .Go'mpan>% pf San
Francisico. Some, days -ago be .started on
a ' business trip 1 tq the northern cities. On
the journey, he.'contracted a : .cold *nd on
his arrival in Seattle -!he"- was. taken to-
the Providence Hospital. He died in th«
hospital this morning. • Mrs. Cox was pre
paring to start to join her husband when
the news of his death reached her. .
E. A. Cox was a native of England,
aged 50 years. He leaves no children. For
the past two years Mr. Cox and his wife
resided In this city, where they have an
elegant home. o . - „
THE HOUSE DISPOSES OF MANY BILLS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
E.' A./COX, GE^sTERAL MANAGER* OF THE NORTH AMERICAN COM
MERCIAL ..COMPANY OF; .SAN \ FRANCISCO, WHO HAS BEEN
STRICKEN BY DEATH AT SEATTLE. - *« -
Senators'. '-:Sjay.~ It .'Would, 3e a; Waste
¦; : . >_..; : >-=;/c£.!.!H^!^Brftig r ;-^lieisi : ; vv,-.
:^^ : /^ : \ ;; ' ; >".:.-^:TJp^'Noi^:'-5 1'r-T- *z£'jHi
¦'.- : Tv^Sjn^TQ?^ J l&ep? : yz?.— Th»- ' Senate:
CP5M6J itep ; ovl-. .&<?r-di : ri : .'Rrta'flbps decided
to teake' -no. f urtKereff (Jrt, lo- : se>:ur.e action
¦xippn:.t"SiB ; '.varfays 'r^cip.r<Sc"itV' Mrcattes bV-
lore, the ¦•pri:r,r.-e. /!.'.!Tlr:g::.the SJire^ftt. ses-.
sion;; .Tho Im'.'-'-'S -.v;a5 rhor.6yghjy.;caii-i.
Ta?sfrd;> ¦'¦& Kite : : - "P^natojrs. . T?re?erit = agreed
•that: v :in : '- >^>' 4^-:^:^ .^rrfiit:c.-ri :of:--bUslnrts .
It n-p^: ! : ¦ :n.>- .->:;.;>: T\i:.-soci:.tfi-- action'
VT»ph" *^^>.tr>>A.Vi'-.?----'^.-rirF'-t : !;;^'- : - few- ;.cjay«"l«!ft";
c? .fhf' ; ''.«'»pV'.^r-'; .v?^.M?.brrPerkirrs : i.nilfei3.t^dv
ti js a ' : <--ra : V \?;'r r posi t-l(j h --Ta-S'.th*; Jarflai.ca ii
?r» a-- ¦.'-•;' : ->^^r V:?.'!:ritnfs;aOii;pp%e':a11.,5.lie
:r.--:.:: ¦¦ t • : :: 7 r^r/^i;:^ ¦ Tfeere ;-wpuld^.b>v ; a
<:¦¦--¦ r r ¦-¦-•:. .- -'• : •lohst^Ai:- thfr
f v^:| : '-•; ; tQ:th«;;fr^n't;-at^al};.An(l.
for : '. : .:h'!« :rjS3.«*n ih/»;'Vojiirhlttee.:-<joiTslder.'S(.
,-, .., jj;^o^id^bfe^^w^Fte^of^very^prtfeibus:
t.'rre ra;t'a;k«:.tfce.^ej?Jjon:--tiiir:'-iiow;.-' i ";r-.>.7..-c
KOT. CONSIDER : % ¦
HECIPBOCITY TREATIES
. .WASHIXGTO^ -F<:6V^^t^d';P.a«ricei- ;
fote.. the British l^r.^ssadarv.' called at
the. State pep^rtnit nx-;:^.lils^afternoon,
thereby plvlr,g r;^'? to-.the conjecture tjiat
he was : -cnarg^d'^^-:fh' : the' : deHvery of .the
British ansV<r. ;»6; the ; ,Senate'5 action ' re-
Er-cct'.ng : ';rhe-' ¦'Jia'V-'-P-axiricefote.- .treaty. 'It
turned oUt h&wvvtr.-that^no .answer has
been received, a k4 the visit ftad reference
to other ar.Ot : .iin:iivp<ftar.t matters.
¦.The gt-a'.ie';-J&>'fea.Ttiherif lias not yet been
advised :*i:at >h<? ;¦" next step in tho nego
tiations is to be made In. Washington. The
last formal action from this end was an
advice to Ernbassador Choate reminding
him that but little time remained for the
ratification- of the treaty, which would
die en the 4th of March. He was not spe
cially instructed, however, to make any
a-cvarices for an extension of tha time al-
Icwed for tte ratification of the treaty.
ar.d It is not known that anything has
been done In this direction by either side.
The Impression is deepening to the
pcint of conviction among officials hera
that no action will be taken upon the
treaty, or rather upon the Senate amend
ments by the British Government before
Congress adjourns. But it would not sur
prise them if at a later date some over
t-res came, perhaps in the shape of the
looked for counter proposition, which
means, uslr.g the old treaty as a basis,
forae modification likely to meet with fa
vor oa both sides might be -evolved. In
such case the present treaty wouM have
to be again submitted to the Senate In Its
asienfied form.'* ' .--v -.. -.". "'" .. -;
Although \by reputation-. Bulacan ,is°' hot
.the.'e.a3iest province to govern, all the "lo
cal leaders- and .imost of the "Inhabitants
¦are now, fr}endly--:to th«.:United States. .. .
'.Tie'-iju'estJon <5f . the selection" of 'a:capi
.Ltai for the- province was submitted-td the
XPte. at the delegations: M&lblos; theXor
;iner se&t-of-th6 Insurgent CQngressv.-is the
•hest-tp.VTri, but Bulacan. .has Always been
theSeat'.otthe g6v-er.nrncnt.and .was easily
first, -The ballot was the first free "Voting
.in- t.hje.. Philippines, excepting at- the town
electrons "held; under .niiiitary orders:: --The
del^giies enjoy il-'irrimenSety. Judge Taft;
•iw.-.a.dn>oiilshlnK-ihe delegates; Bald that
since" they' had':' the • reputation of '-. being
gimiesters. they -must abide.- by the result
"and show .their .-capability -of -abiding." by
the s.uJtragei • c ='•.-. •¦ . V ! =; •'' ;
; : during .the . cours^ ot lijs ': Speech &n
rrOKftflhg the appointments Judge • Taft
Eald,-- nowhere had &¦ -'mllltarf- ; commander
stfowrv -feueh. benevoient. ccuistderattoTi for
".th6 "interest* ofvthp people- as had.General
Gra.nt. and- he -Added- that the. appoint
metit-o£:a natlve-fcoyernmeirt Indicated, the
conaitilesibn's confidence in the Tajgaloai..
Captain Greenough of the Forty-first
Regiment w.as appointed Treasurer and
Lieutenant Wells of the Thirty-second
Regiment was appointed Supervisor. : The
other officials appointed; were natives. ..AJ1
the appointments practically were made
on General -Grant's recommendations.- ¦ „
Gl'IGUINTO, Province of Bulacan, Feb.
27.— Joseph Serapio, an uncle of Agulnal
do and formerly an insurgent colqnel. has
been appointed Governor of Bulacan Prov
i ince. There were several candidates, m-
I eluding two army officers, but the United
• States Commission was unanimously m
favor of Serapio, who surrendered during
General Lawton's progress northward
and who has since been such a consistent
friend of the United States that Agulnal
io published an order degrading his uncle.
There-were considerable protests against
•Serapio's appointment, chiefly from a del
egation, which represented the Interests of
the friars, but the commission announced
that It had Investigated the allegations
made against Serapio and found them to
be untrue. V - . v • T
The armored cruiser Brooklyn has re
turned here from Hongkong.- Additional
evidence against Carman and Caranna,
accused of dealing with the insurgents,
has developed. The Investigation Into the
charges against them 1j vigorously prose
cuted.
' -MA^HiLA. Feb.' 27.-Pro-Amerlqan senti
ment-is spreading in Insurgent strong
holds. Six hundred and sixty-five persons
voluntarily tooX the cath of allegiance at
Camaling. "province of Alfcay, at one time
reported as rest to Luzon the worst in
surgent center, and 5£i took the oath at
Ca!amba.
Captain Chase, with a detachment of
the Twenty-firs: Resiment. in a three
days' scouting expedition, dispersed twen
ty Insurgents and destroyed their main
cfmp, that of Pedro Cabellos.
Lieutenant James, with a detachment of
the Eighth Infantry, talded a ladrone ren
dezvous at ilaqulllng, island of Polo, kill
ing two men, securing 173 prisoners and
destroying twenty tons of rice and other
insurgent supplies.
Jose Serapio, an Uncle of Aguin*
I''-,-/, aide, Is Appointed Gov- ,.
¦.;;¦ •:•« erfl'or of Bulacan
:¦>!••" V : Province.
Pro-Am8rican Sentiment Is
•. ? Spreading Among the
;;>:; Insurgents.
MANY TAKE OATH
OF ALLEGIANCE
Beply.:
2eax>:thev£xpeciti?d
j Lord
I ' : ¦¦'¦; partaient, :':'.)^-^pes}'^^-/. v ;^
Ha^Pauncefbt^JTreaty^W
ProbablyjS^ Allb^eS^:; 1
to Lapse-
SENATE'S PROPOSAL
IS UNANSWERED
E. A. COX DIES SUDDENLY
IN A SEATTLE HOSPITAL
San Francisco Business Man Succumbs to
r; the Effects of a Severe Cold. \
CIVIL GOVERNMENT
FOR PHILIPPINES
Amendment.
Senate.- Finally Passes the
Amended Spooner
Host Passionate Oratory Since the
Passage of Resolutions Declar
ing State of War to Exist
With Spain.
5
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, ;190lI
• WASHINGTON, .' Feb. D 27.— The
Spo(>ner amendment to the array
appropriation bill passed In the
Senate to-nlgrht Is: . ,. • '
"All military, B civil and Judicial
powers necessary to govern the "
Philippine Islands, acquired from
Spain by the treaties concluded at
Paris on the 10th day of Decem
ber, 1S98, and at Washington on
the 7th day ' of November, 1900,
Ehall, . until otherwise provided by
Congress, be vested In such person
and persons and shall be exercised
In such manner as the President
of the United States shall direct
for the establishment of civil gov
ernment and for maintaining and .
protecting the Inhabitants of said "
islands In free enjoyment of their
liberty, property and religion.
i "Provided that no sale or lease *
or other disposition of public lands
or timber thereon or mining rights
therein shall be made, and pro
vided further . that .-no franchise
shall be granted which Is not ap
proved by the President of the
United States and Is not In his
Judgment clearly necessary for.
Immediate government of the lsl-° |
anils and Is Indispensable for the >»
'Interest of the people thereof, and" .
which cannot without great public,,.,
mischief be postponed Until the es- '
tablishment . of • permanent -civil *
government," c and all ' such fran-' ;
chlses shall 3 terminate • one year°°
after the establishment " of . s^ilch,
permanent civil governmeiit."-. •-"."•
• "Waterman,". 3 VStanly,'' "Marshal" " and
VFalcon" Fountain pens are the best in
the'world for the money. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., stationery department, selling agents
for San Francisco. o - : "r— • >'
This" promlrient-.'lady, -writes 1 the following-' letter- to' The Peruna Medicine Co.,
Columbus. O., in. regard to, their. medicine, Peruna: ; ; '-* - ; \ :¦• . ¦
... '"Peruna'Jras fotsome time been', thj only medicine I have used for
myself and family. \ l.havs found it vary good in cases of la grippe, as it
seems to throw the illness quickly, and effectively out of the system. In
cases of extreme weariness or frequent backache it dispels the uncom-
fortable" feeling,' and by occasional use ft maintains the body in a healthy
condition." '{ J ' lu'cy A '.. Clark, Post mistress, Farmington, Utah.
:¦•¦- Mrs* Lucy A. Clark, Postml?tress-bfFarmlngton. i Utah, has held many promi-
nent'posltl&ps in her State. She is Vice, president of; the Utah State Council of
¦Women,, charter member Utah/ Women's Press . Club, ¦ was Vice President Lady
Managers of -Utah Columbian 'Exposition, a.ml was a delegate to National Woman's
Association: at the convention at, .Washington, .D^C/ - ,
./;;=. Backache. • ° :.'.: •' _'.
- To from backache, is' a: luxury
that many women hardly ever realize.
"It seeins.as if my back would break,"
is an expression often heard. .' ¦ ; /
Of course there are many, other causes
for backache besides pelvic catarrh, but
this :ig by far. the mos,t frequent cause.
Thebackache becomes, to such women a
sort'of physiological barometer, by whicJi
they can tell the approach of a storm, or
the recurrence of a menstrual period.- "
The large muscles of the back have be-
come so weakened by the exhaustive
drain, that instead of sustaining the deli-
cate mechanism of the woman's anatomy
they remain loose and flabby, serving only
as the seat of myalgia or neuralgia, or
else muscular . rheumatism. Ache and
pain seems to be • the only use such
muscles are eood for.
Mrs. Caroline Sundhelmer, j Grandln,
Mo., writes the t _
following to Dr. <fc^g—«»*«L^j- JW-lV
Hartman in re- K5^~* = f2?TT~^i£p*
and am stronger Jti.'«rS^ ««? v
than I have been *§9J^7 }KV&5
Peruna saved my W&L f;?* /^MS
life. I am very S . fM8$
thankfvil • to you >^^S?tei^^^ ;
can to take your ;*^p5£5#3R|§^
Caroline Sun d- . .
hetmer. ? -Mrs. Caroline
Mrs. Maria Sundhelmer.
Goertz of Cleo, ¦-
Oklahoma Ter., writes: . ¦* 1
••Dr Hartman's remedies have proven,
to be reliable and wonderful. Their ef-
fect upon the system is remarkable. Pe-
runa quiets the nerves, and is a great
specific for all forms of chronic catarrh.
"I am very glad to say that I can write
you that I am cured In every way of
catarrh, with which I suffered terribly
for ten years.. Ten years ago my liver,
stomach and kidneys began to cause me
trouble. For two years I had colic and
cramps, which gr6w worse: I had ner-
voua, fevers., and It seemed as If I wu
-sick from head to foot. I not only had
catarrh, of the. head, nose and throat, but
the: catarrh had Invaded the whole sys-
tem: the mucous membranes of tha
whole body were unable to perform their
functions. The:p«l-r!c organs were also
affected, and I had female trouble so bad
I could not walk. . • ¦ . ;
. "But now I -.have regained my health
apaln and I cannot thank you enough
for -your advice, . May God give you &
long .life and bless your work."— Mrs.
Maria Goertz. .'•.;: ; '.,- ¦'¦-..
.:';¦ : . ".- Why Suffer IiongerP
.It would be well nigh Impossible to
enumerate all. the consequences to a
woman's life which . naturally result
from a neglected. case. of pelvic catarrh.
Whatever they are there can bo no doubt
that In most cases it i.i entirely unneces-
sary for them tQ continue. . An Intelli-
gent cpurae of treatment, with Peruna
will in .most cases effect an entire cure.
Perunfj^ Prevented an Operation.
.; Mrs.Mlmile Steeves, President Illinois
V.'oman's Alliance, writes from 42 Dela-
ware Place, Chicago. Ill, : " ¦
The. Peruna Medicine Co., 'Columbus. O.:
... Gentlemen — "TEver «elnce my son. now-
grown, was born,- 1. have suffered with
some peculiar, weakness* of the pelvlo
organs .which no medicine seemed to
reach. ." .-• •' ¦;" . ' • •¦ . -. - •
"My 'physicians finally suggested «n
operation, which I was considering, when
my sister asked' me to try Peruna as a
last resort. She had used It and been
greatly helped^ Peruna, simply worked
wonders with '. ray whole system. ' and in
a few weeks tha pains began to 50 away.
I felt so much better that I kept on tak-
ing it and am now in perfect health. 'I
give great praise to this splendid medi-
cine, and certainly advise suffertnar
women to try It when all else falls,"— Mrs.
Minnie Steeves. •• ¦•• . ,' .
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
( full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable advice
trrati3. ° % ¦>* • » : ;
Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th«
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
"IpfipltADlES
Use arid Recommend Pe=ru=ria For
Catarrhal? AVeiakness,
(All Reaoers of This Paper Should Be Sure to. Read and Heed the
Following Statements.) "
Free to the ;
Ruptured
Dr. w.
thcrity. Sends;, a Trial of His
Famous HetUod Tree to lAilJ .
Dr. W. S. .Rlc».'".«l»-W. MAln ¦'¦t., [ -Ad'istes; ¦*<'.
T-. •w-i:i,Feri<J f rW io- fsr-.op* yrixo .Is' ruptured'
or kr^ows ot;-»iiy-u«u»ijai;- rnptgreJ. *rhether l a
Can, woman cr clUidj. "a .free, trial of. I;ls:X&-
7 '•¦¦;: .-•;"¦. ':,:UR.'n. w.-youREX.~
'."inouf home curf. It Is a marvelout method,
•' •". eurinjs .?»»* that defled hospitals, doctors.
: ¦¦ tnirf e«. electricity tnd i.Jl «-!»e. Merely send,
:. >-Our name and addreas and the free -.rial will
. - : t* *ent wKJioiii any. ocst to you whatever.
. .H. [W. YcvTVX, a^ ue',I -known commercial trav-
-•- eier. ¦ wa» niptured ten yars, tried every truss
'en the market, iiartly made up his mind to
tinderpo the dang-er of an operation, when by
• the fireatfFt of irood luck he tried the Dr. Rice
¦ method. He 1* now cured.
ilr- Your^x says: "I tried Dr. Rice'd method
end It cured me. I did not lo*e a day on the '
• !road. Hundreds of merchants and friends In j
' IJJIncls, TN'lssconsin. illnnes<cta and Iotva know
the wonderful fact that this remarkable
/ irethod cured me and I certainly frel thankful
enouch to tell other ruptured p?o;ile how they [
. may profit by ;ry experience." Mr. Tourex
• ':ives In Cedar Ka»l..s, Iots, at 32T*s Flret
•• e venue. • .
¦' : Ever)' rupturefl T'tr^&n ought to *eid tt ence'
¦ and rr.tke a. trial of this method that cures
...'. without p«ln. danjrer, nj>erAtio'n or an hour's
-. ;JJof*> 45f .tin^e.' Tiejjin now sr.d in a chort time
; ' you WiTI r.^ver know you had been ruptured.
¦ TC{i&»'.to-4»y rare.
. '¦¦•.._;¦_ '¦ _ ~
;^ PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
jvisr? OR- JORDAN'S orzat*
I Q) -25BittSifrisi.se.fcu?a.5rcii
\., JCw The L^r-jfevt Ani»c«i;til Mu»e.:ir in tl>e i j
ft ., Jti _ V.'ond. Wt^»r.i», or say contracted 4 I
' >.— jjij d» tj« |ytl(l«i-ly c jrwi hy ii,, u ios« V
A &W*fh 02.^08C«M»Bnf&TE DISEASES tf
i 7^f«in <-c>-j|t»:iJO fr»n »nd itri'-r'y pr:i»:- \ \
A I liZfti TT T '' nt prnana'*r ™ by lrrir,. A A ,
i* P. 'I >}& Write lor book. raiLONUrav,! A i
Kt'iJ An wtKUiAC::, mailed rzss. i,\v
i II jl/ »»i^at>ie bsot (or B>rnJ . \
V DU ;<»BD/iS A «"O- 1!SS' ilartct St-.a. F. ¥
i)H CALL'S EELS VlGORATOIi^ga
Five hundred rewarj tor ar.y fcjjg^s^M.
cace ue cannot cure. Xhis secrvt S7H ¦ a^'J
remedy ticjs all looses in 2* hours. § - jj
rures I'.r, .:; fvnt , Impotence. Van- *W Hra
coc'.t. Oonorrtioea. Gleet. Fits. tJtS rWfi
Fir (tuns. Ijcmt Manhood and all • *i]i Miii
v.an;.-.»: +?lrcir of *;lf-abu»e or r%£x SbL.1
hcttlef. f5: guaranteed to cure any case. A<5--
drers HAIX'S MEDICAL ISSTITOTI5. Ki
Hrofdway. OakJand*-Cal. Also for «al« at 10T:'i
Market Ft.. 6. F. All private discaae* quickJy
curofi. Send for free bock.
WISDOM WITHOUT EXPERIENCE
Can be acquired by tho»2 willing to prorlt
by the experience of others. Our laundry
work and methods please thousands dally.
Why not ' be guided uy their experience
and let us please you? Cost3 you nothing
for a a trlal— will please you immensely. Do-
mestic finish- for full-dress shirts U you
order It. No»saw edges. .'••' •-. .*'.' . .
UNITED1STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat. r ,
s -• . Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Offlce-54 San Pablo Ave>.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
great . Mexican remedy; gives health and
' atrength to sexual orsans. Depot, C3 Market."You seem to get on with that
Boston girl." '..
"No; she sat on the etfge of. her chair
ready to run and look up my pronuncia
tion to the dictionary."— Chicago Record.
'Mamma— Dear me! Tour brothef will
not keep himself clean!
The tf-year-old — Well, mamma. .It Is
hardly reasonable to expect a S-year-old
child to take % deep interest in his per
sonal appearance.— Puck.
"What two things," exclaimed tbe or^
ator, "are helping mankind to get up in
the — ~r' A **_* jltf' < TrT3TTf™1lfarml1tfi1 f*V
"The alarm clock and the stepladder,"
answered the dense person la the rear of
the hall.— Tlt-Blts.
° "Did you ever meet & woman who in
sisted on forever talking about herself?"
asked the Young Thing.
. "No," said the Cynic Person. "Any^I
have coma in contact with insisted on
talking about their neighbors."—Philadel
phia Record. - -
.If California had now in operation a proper, systeni
of cbnserying the flood waters of the streams we
would j hot . have ' any , worry over the : probability, of . a
dr>- season for many 'years^ to come.- s ¦ .
Recent developments in China indicate that" ths
English and Germans intend to have what seem to be
unwarranted concessions even if the world must know
that the aggressors .are thieves. Rascality wins for
itself a certain .dignity when shamelessly it is avowed.
• ''¦'¦¦¦¦ ¦-;•¦.? - . , _¦ • •• .
Kansas citizens in various communities have
reached the conclusion that mob violence, whatever
its inspiration; is '.unjustifiable. Mrs. Carrie Nation
ought to be able in this to rea'd an emphatic- opinion
that the end does not always justify the means.
* Washington diplomats are' complaining that Eng T
land is, suspiciously slow in ratifying our proposed
new -treaty with her. V They rnayihayc reason to re
flect some' day that this .was; one of those leisurely
acts which was followed by a hasty, repentance. "
.- Congress ought to appoint a joint auditing commit
tee to report every day the appropriation's 'of the day.
before* so the members may know how much they are
getting away with: A billion dollar session is a little
too much of a white, man's burden.
According to London .Truth . the . fi£st thing the
British public asks of the new King is'that: he "shall
at once exert his royal prerogative and appoint a new
Poet Laureate: '"' . ° .. ; '.
CALTFOBNIANS IN NEW Y0BK.
NEW TO.RK. Feb. 27.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— E. H. Adams, at the Everett;
'A. P. Tolbot. at the Manhattan: A. 1L
Tenbrock, at the Sinclair; W. Van Muslt.
at the Astor; F. "W. Everton, at the Stur
tevant; E. Lewis, at the Victoria; H. C.
Lund, at the Continental; Mr. Paige and
wife, at the Delavan; Misses Curley and
E. B. Smith, at the Marlborough. ,
CAUFOBNIA1TS IN" WASHINGTOir
: , .. - - . , ... -
TVASHIXGTON, Feb. 27.— A. Hoogs of.
San Francisco is at tho National. Seth
Mann of San Francisco la at thtt
Arlington^ - ..
THE great ' increase in Federal appropriations ¦
VH1 arouse tne°attention o of o the country and
put members.' pf CongrcssmpojT their guard.
-cBut the subject is. not new. 1 The teniiency from the
beginning of c the Government Jias been toward an in
ci ease it^ the t Expenditures of the Federal Government,
and thecost pi government has increased in a'farger
percentage than the population. • " * " ; o . a ' ? °.'
Ihi/91 the population of the Union was, 3,924,214,
and the expenses of c the Federal Government were
$3,797,43(5 78, or a little more, than 96 cents per capita;.
Ha^ the rate pei\CApita remained and the°°iricrease
in cost -of "government followed increase in popular
tion our annual expenses now would-be $73,243,411 20.
But they areoinore than teft times 4hat. .
At the close ,,of the next decade, 1801, the population
had f risen to 5,308,483, "and the expenditures; were
$l2,273>376i94, c an increase to $2.31 per capita. ° . °
The close of the third decade, j8ii, found the popu
lation 7,239,881, and the expenditures $13,592,604 O 86,
or a decrease to $1 $7 per capita. ° "••; \
The° fpurth decade fell in the Golden c Age-bf Mon-'_
ro'e; the war of iSip'had been fought and the coun
try was. just beginning to feel certain of its footing.
The population wa» s 9,638,453, and the expenditures
were $19,090,572 69, °or a trifle ;over $1 90 per capita.
The fifth' decade, ,1831, showed a population of 12,866,
020, and "expenditures of $3o,q38°,446 12, or more than
$241 per capita. > / " . |i
,. O ln°i84i- O the, expenses had, fallen to $1 51 per capita,
antounting to $26-,56s,873. After rising to $2 71 per
capita duringthe Mexican 0 War, expenses fell in 1851
tOo$i"99. In 1854 expenditures struck the $2 per
capita gait and held that and above to o the end of
Buchanan's administration^ being in i86i $2 08 -per
capita. • o " ' ; • ; . ' o *„. »-
Then came the Civil War, and in 1862 the "expendi
tures were $14 ",52, in 1863 $21 42, in 1864 $25 42, in
1865 $3? 34, in 1866 $14 68 per capita. .
,° By '.187.x". they had gone down to. $7 39 per. capita,
af.d in ° 1881 were $5.oS. In the ycar3 1885-89, 'Cleye-'
land's first administration, they fell , to the lowest
point since the Civil War, averaging for the whole
term $4 46 pit capita; Then the upward 'tendency be
gan, and rcacheS !*3 snashnum in 1899, when the per
FEDERAL- APPROPRIATIONS^
• The "Commissioner of Internal Revenue has taken
steps" to prevent" the sale, of cheap American' wines
bottled "with expensive foreign labels. It'Is. unfortu
nate that natidhal lines pre\ r ent him from stopping
th'e o sale of high-class American wines -under cheap
foreign labels. ° » % ° -. . " ; . ' 0 V °°.
' Justice Brewer o was right enough in saying the jur/
system. is a "relic, of barba°rism"; but can he suggest
any way by which could improve on it?
There are some -of the" customs of our ancestors we
must hold onto because . r there is nothing better in
Should President McKinley be forced by the neces
sityof an extra session of. Congress to give uphis
ekpected visit to California this° spring it will be the
first time he has had bad luck during the whole course
of his°administration, o ahd-the sympathy of the public
will be with him. _ '° ." ' ij ° s>
cSomeoWise man "sliould inform McKinley that an
extra session of Congress is a thing that can be called
at ; any time, but aspring trip to California isia luxury
that should never be postponed. O o ° ° : ° ° o
abolish poll tax
.in= Cah'fdfriia;=Kas been introduced in the Legislature.
Somebo'dy c probaHjr: feels, that it o is wise legislation to
case- the consciences; of those whose habit it has been
to, ViqlatB an; -obligation. ° |« ,°° c ° -Ts'l -. °
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. D. Shaw of Ilolllster is a ruest at
the Grand. .' ¦ -. •
J. M. White, a Stockton merchant, la
at the LJck. - "• ' .. ¦„ . .. • ¦ ' ¦.•¦'. ;;".
•John A. New, a Fresno me/chant. Is at
th& Occidental.:
D. H. Colls, a mining man of Auburn, Is
at the Occidental.". . : ' : '.V
Dr. P. K. of "VTatsoavilla Is m
guest at the Lick. . • »
J.^ M. Engles of Quincy, Cal., Is regis
tered at the Grand. . • .
Judge C.X. Storry of L.03 Aneelea la a
guest at the Palace. . ¦' , .- ¦ • .
J. P. Diggs, a Woodland merchant, 13
staying at the Grand. ' . . .
H. A. Kohn, a- merchant of Madiera, Is
registered at the' Lick.
E. Dlnkelspiel and wife of Bakenfleld .
are." guests at the, Grand. . . .
'Charles A... Shields and wife'of San Josa
are guests at the Palace.
Philip Fickert, a cattle man of Bakera
fleld. Is a guest at the Lick.
F;"A..Hihn, a banker of Santa. Cruz, reg
istered at the Grand yesterday.
•H. : C.,Dayey, a mlnmg man, residing at
San Jose, is staying at the Lick. •. ¦
S E. W. Hale of Hale- Broa.' branch store
In Sacramento is staying at tee Palace.
Thomas Clark, a mining, man of Placer
vllle, is staying at the Grand for a few •
days ¦ ' ' -. " k ¦ . • . ; ' .
r£C S. Reynolds, a merchant of Loa An
geles, accompanied by his. wife, is at the
Palace."
"W. Murray, manager of th* Information
bureau of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
In this city, is at present in Chicago. He
has charge of the forestry, jfam© and fish
exhibit sent from, tnis State. • : • ' ' .
EXTERMlMAtlNG;
0TjfR. pe>^' ceiituiy opens-" With^.a [lurid- prospect
/; r:^" "!>/•"•->.>.- ° -'•".'¦ v^ ,"¦•
.^¦'Mrs^Xation; start^d^ .p^t.' tb. -destroy : b:s;
Jjquor and ma^h.th.e./tiar-teirr..6tf-m.-ivhii:h h'e ".watch^.
himself 4rinkjt; : ...She di'd'a gcbd-btisihess in .that^ine/
AVhere- sh^ '.w<jnt- him pUtC.?
glass ivas: shattered, ;?CK.e" clay-' pigeons by thc : •taark^.
jhah'k 'gun. .¦-\\7th.;hVr: : prayers" .aii<i' h.<fr" lijitchef " sh"?"
laid the.- demon-.' dnnk : l6wer'...t : lian a Uvd...spot ."• • "£•';
¦¦ , Ili-nrig^cbn-sfituted: herself;, jiidge^arid ;iury,, ¦pz.oitp
cuting. artcrae j* and -witness; ghe" rioted'^ like .arcycloor
: in ::^5t^c^K^>^^^^'j^^i Jn^-ertitnt' wiiti
ijle.; vi-iant<>an?Ss .of '. '"ihe ;"w'fnd ;¦ -th'at ¦•.bloweth • Mier.Q ' it.
¦^^^'^^^^^Jiu!^^^i;^90 she -w^'.lialed;
when" slii; '
.gave.: -thi^ silopas; 1 . : in;;Topeka; i- r^st -;a'nd _ajtacjte'd "' a ;
to, ftit -ice. :. 'Slris. .;
hacked her .way ititovtf.e : ,pou.ltrj ; ;.ro0m' of; .'the .ice>.' ;
fccruie^'.T^cre'xt.l^cKe^V'tn^?' : .^9W " and. stark, " : \vithv
i^^csc^'ud^bir-^^^n^ntQ siiehce ; .,and turk.ey-^ ¦
: M&<z inot^obhl ih^ buf. waftiiig [;Xo /be " gpbbled,/vy-hil/;\
:^a-stiftg-pigs>:is*4^^-".t.9\."iny-ite'.'iM^opJe ; to".eat-;them.- ; -
As Mr sJ Nation. \vai rot \a- f e'atherkss • hen nor a -^tiick*
rj^^-^pr'^^^o'^^viDJB^cfUtQ^er, "sii.e Had ii'o .busi-"
uess there, e;sp^T^ly..'a5.-¥he-; hatl. forced her .-way" in,
i-«^^li^Wfa|i^V^ <^^B^tft^is£tf liadrbeen' arrested)
>^ Kansas
Justices ..of the- 'P-ea^e. 'are"; ; fike' I that one^vhd" went be-'
fore the jGbui«V:^Giej;feV.3iki9g' : :fo. 'be. qualified iot his
office. The Clerk '-said, -"riVEwear-ybu into office,;
butall ;^^^\«an.*t-.:quahfy;-vou.to"filV I i£."v;Th"e'se'.<»^,''
.^^yv4a_^;<wni^ic>ot'":i*TSQris.= ha4 di smissed 'her - c wi;h
:- : «6a^ii^nts;-^na"usu^jily-*.»'itIi-<a promise tp persoh
iliy.ivquitjfea lli^pr. : - ; Bu't."-;when c she bVoke into the,
;:c^ld to thin ice, and upon .
; arrest ;Avas. iakf n" before' ..pistrict Judge Hazpn: I Tint
cfScer ' dfecjin-fed to ' look, upon from, a °rc-]
formatQrj-yStanQpoim^ artd B wheri she tried on him the
;tact.ics-ihat'.h?d carried c .fier c through the "Justices'
courts. ihe %ya<-.sfeihrily -ordered to shut her too indus
trious rhoUthgnd Fpeak when spoken to by o the court.
Her bailwas fixed at 0 t/po stiff a figure for her follow
ers .to. raise. immediately, ami she was- sent to jail,
where .fhe kept theuprisoners^aTvake and mad all nigbt
• by singing hythhs c . :« «'¦ ° c . p> « °°
; When the. novelty of jail life. had worn off, how
ever, she wrote, letters- to the Judge threatening that
he; will g^ to hill if she were not released. Taking
the'.cue from" her, = her disciples threatened Judge Hazerr
wrth tar: and -feathers; Juhich will certainly "make him
..jnorc^ombus'tibie, Vhen he "reaches the" torrid, desti
nation to which MJs.. v NatJon tickets him.
Up to ; this .point- th? affair is personal; it concerns
individua.]s/and may be taken as a joke. But beyond
that it becomes 'scribus, an"d affects classes. A female
furj' in isaiollower=and disciple pf
.Mrs.;;Ka"tion, \yrote -: f he Judge to- release her immc
diateiy.ror.there. would arise, under arms, c"the great
est arrnyofwpm.cn. the jwbrldever c saw and wjp e man
oaf;the, face-off the earth:" l'<' "' ' " • c «. o .•
This sanguinary .threat is tHe last .°?ad outcome of
theKansas;.cp&de^ Man is to be exterminated, a
bounty -pat-qri- His s4alp like he was a coyote, and the
place? that .krioW him;now Q will» know him no more
forever. -Woman 15 jo ris^ armed o with a besom and
v/ipe him off the planet ! She is to" make" a male o soli
tude and ca.lj- it prohibition.
In the face- of this, danger we o hope -we are*not
hasty in advising our brother man that'jt is -time for
us to stand together and make, a rush for the cj-clorie
cellar.- Tes, indeed, if a' man cannot provide himself
with a* tnous£ to°turn loose against this army of
avengers to. put them to flighf he has only the choice
of suicide or. a run, for his life.
This Michigan C- Mbloch* 'will shortly . go °. fee-faw
fumming through the country, sparing neither-, the
fair-haired boy nor the bald-headed grandsire. After
the method of Mrs. Nation they are aH to be con
victed of sex," -without evidence, and wiped' out > -.
Then Judge Hazcn will be sorry that he sooke° c
OUR PREMIUM ATLAS.
. ; ;-y ;;¦¦' ¦.:¦ ¦ Q
THE' first carload of Cram's Superior. Atlas of
the -World for 1901, which The Call has the
privilege of offering to six months' , sub
scribers at the low price of $1 50, will soon arrive.
The maps and "statistics have been carefully revised
and brought down to date. The tables relating to the
United States contain r the compilations of the census
of last year, while those of other countries are the
latest that, have been compiled by their respective
Governments.
The reputation of George F. Cram as a publisher
of map% and atlases is worldwide. He has been en
gaged for thirty^five years in the atlas-publishing busi
ness, andfat thepresent time stands in the highest
rank of |he-= trade. The works issued by -him arc
recognized as 'being {thoroughly accurate in itxery^ re
spect, land in the present° c work his efforts" have been
directed 0 toward making such improvements upon all
other works qt the kind as to make his ; "Superior
Atlas" for.1901 "the very best on the market. '
The" changes of recent^ years in political geography
call for a complete revision of old maps. Wars uri
'the Philippines^ in China, in South Africa, develpp
o rr.ents; in o Alaska t and Australia, and the rapid con
struction: of «tlie/Sibcrian railroad, have interested Jn-
o tellige°ntjmen and women the world over in lands thai
;hereto(ore have been ,little o understood. Cram's "Su
perior; Atlas is° especially, designed to meet the demand
for. accurat? maps of those countries, 1 and .. co'nsc-
among' the more°ihtcTesting and complete 5 of
the-. -map^aVe: those of Alaska,- 0 Africa, Cuba, Okla
h°Qma,° o the Hawaiian group ahdothe"-colonics of the
new Australian commonwealth. ¦>¦-'.- '¦ ° : ';' "j& ..'
°- AVKiteJit js a<part oftKe o work of The Call to pub-,
Hsh froin tfme^o time maps of ¦ various 0 . 1 -" countries
\vhcrec important "events occur, those maps in the very
nature 'o"f» things cannbt' supply the full demand of the
public Hqx complete information concerning the geo
graphical situation of places where important events
take place. That need can be met only by. a compre
hensive atlas containing maps of all ; parts of i the
\*'orJd v constructed by skillful map-makers and con
taining all the latest statistical information concern
ing population and trade.; . °\ "\ -.'
So comprehensive is A\\t c information containtd in
the work. that Jt might with justice be called] an
Encyclopedia cof ; IJistdry, Politics, Commerce ..and
Geography.; :I«, brief space is given
a'compendium ofothe Jatest facts concerning the area,
population, j physical ; features, government, religion,
education,, army and navy defenses, industries,^ cli
rnate, etc., of every State" and Territory of the Union
and of= every foreign country.
Every subscriber to The Daily Call for a. term ot
"six, months is entitled to=the privilege of obtaining
this superb and useful.work for the sum of $i 50, tli3t
being? th4 o cost of'expressage and delivery charges.
The work 3 itself is worth four times the amount. ;
By DR. H. W. Wiley,
CHIEF OF DIVISION OF. CHEMISTRY, UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
AGRICULTURE. - " ° ., " = , '-\ , .. •" „ ; '~ v '"':\
° • . ° (COPYRIGHT, 1801.)° .° ¦>' o * .., • . ,''•¦:''¦ <?
II.— Food in Its Relations to Health and Longevity. ;..;•.-¦ '• •
, The relation 'which food bears to", the,
health of . the individual .has been recog
nized as the. most important by physicians
and hygienists from the remotest times.
The disorders ; and .diseases sfrising from
impure food or pure food improperly ad
ministered do much to swell fhe sum of
human ailments and distress.
We "are all aware of the Intimate rela
tions which food bears to growth and de
velopment. These relations are well.un
derstood by the growers of farm animals.
The science pf feeding, the animals of the
farm has been so Improved within the last
fifty years as to be almost exact. Different^
types of animals aPe developed for Q dlff er ¦»
ent purposes, almost solely by variations
of food.' ;"-;¦• ;/; ¦- "•. .. * ;/ :
Of all .the valuable animals the feeding
of man alone seems to have been neglect
ed.; 1 It Is evident, in order to secure suc
cess In "any profession of life, that : not
only should the child inherit from his
parents natural abilities and aptitudes for
his profession; but also should, from the
time of infancy/be subjected to a regimen
of food, exercise and culture suited: to the
profession which he is to follow, j
The history ot nations has shown that
those which hare been best fed have been,
upon the whole, the strongest, bravest
and most speedily developed. To appre
ciate this it is only necessary to compare
those nations that have been well fed lor
centuries with those that have, always
had inferior or deficient nutrition. Among
the older well-fed nations England stands
rrt-emlnent. There is much, doubtless, in
olood and heradity. ¦ People are at birth
what their ancestors have made them, bait
food, acting through thousands and thou
sands of years, made their ancestors what'
they were. So the English people, inhab
iting a group of small ialands. insufficient
in extent to produce food even for its own
dwellers, are better fed than any of the
other peoples of the world. The desire for
food, as much as for conquest, has sent
out English shlDs to all nations and to all
quarters of the world to gather in corn as
well ad coin.
Chief Factor in Prolonging life. l /
- The study of foods in their relation to
national and individual development is in
timately associated with the study of
longevity. It requires no argument' to
show that the kind of food, which is best
suited to the full development of all the
powers of the individual,, and thus to all
the powers of the nation, is also the kind
.which tfan prolong life. At the commence
ment of the twentieth century It is em
inently, proper that the scientific relations
of food to longevity should be briefly set
fortlu -. " <=,;,;**.« • f •
\o\ am of. the opinion that every person
will admit that among the factors which
tend to prolong human life food is^the
most lmportant.tlt j is* a well-known prin
ciple In epidemics and in contagious dis
eases that they spread most rapidly and
do their most deadly work among thoBe
portions of the community which are
poorly nourished. When an epidemic or
a contagious disease attacks a community
.which is well nourished it discovers in
dividuals in whose systems the germ*, of
disease do not readily find a lodgment,
and if a lodgment be- found the battle
which tttese 0 disease germs w'age with the
vital forces usually ends in the victory of
the latter. 0 Therefore, first, of all, good
nutrltlon-is requisite to secure a nation as
; free "as possible, from the dangers of epi
demic and contagious 'disease. ' ' .
> Tho role of food In the development of
the individual and tJy? nation is, therefore,
of incontestable value. In fact, it- is the
chief point of that, environment "whlen
tends to the highest evolution of the Indi
vidual and national character. Therefore,
the purity of c food becomes of -the most
vital importance.- That = the /individual
6hbuld have his health placed in Jeopardy
by eating impure food" is unpardonable
when it Is possible to avoid It. j For this
reason%the manufacture of and traffic In
adulterated foods are an-offense against
public'morality ae well as a danger'to tho
public health. » s ;=i --" °^ „.-? » - °'-''2<
3 "Harmless Food Preservative. '
:' It is possible that there may bfe some
fprms of adulterated foods which are not
injurious to health,, 0 but they are, never
theless, fraudulent, and thus injure the
reputation for honesty and J straightfor
wardness which Is- so valuable both to
the individual and the community.
° The best way, perhaps; to .illustrate the
danger of food . adulteration is to cite
some of the common examples. The most
Objectionable and the most commonly
practiced form of adulteration is the in-"
-discriminate use of preservatives. Many,
of our common foods are of a perishable
nature and require either to be used im
mediately after preparation or else to be
preserved in sdme way which will pre
vent notable .decay.' There are' perfectly
harmless methods of "preventing the de
cay of foods, because, all decay Is due to
a species, of fermentation, 0 or, in other
words; the action of certain minute or
ganisms which produce\changes in the
structure of foods.- These changes belong
tOjthat claBS'of metamorphoses which we
designate by the general term of fer
mentation: The" exclusion of these organ
isms from an "article of food or their de
struction when present will preserve the
substance from decay. » :% %
£ By fat the best method of destroying
, these organisms Is by, the application of
heat, a practice whlch'Is illustrated on an
immense scale, c commercially. In the pro
duction of canned foods, consisting of
fruits, vegetables and meats. The. prin
ciple upon which the destruction of these
organisms Is based Is a simple one and
consists in exposing the 'material after It
is placed in th^ receptacle or can,', to the
action of heat at a temperature sufficient
to destroy the vitality ,of the organisms
/which are present and also the spores
which they may; have . produced. When
this temperature is reached the package
is hermetically, sealed by solder or other
wise, which prevents the Ingress of living
germs from the air. The oM notion that
the preservation of food was due to the
exclusion of air was ¦ an erroneous one,
since sterilized air has no tendency to pro
duce decay. " , ¦ j
Unfortunately for the health of our peo
ple, this process Is -somewhat expensive
and with some kinds of food products is
dittitfult of application, as the tempera
ture required changes to a certain extent
the texture And appearance of the pred
ucts and renders them less agreeable .to
'ttje. eyo.and more' difficult of sale.*. ; "
Action of Chemical • Preser vatives. ' r
o The food preserver" in this case has had
recour.se to -the, art of chemistry.- and has
demanded of.it substances which, prevent
decay, and at the same time preserve tjie
appearance and character of the food un
changed. For jthls end a large number of
preservatives nas o bcen prepared and used.
THe principle of the action of chemical
preservatives is practically the same a.«
.that of heat— they either destroy thevl
tality of the organisms present or'so-par
siyze it as to render the action of o theor
ganisms ineffective." Unfortunately, how.
ever,- for the digestive system, 'these pre
servatives have practicably the same -ef
fect upon the digestive processes that they
have upon the processes which
decay external to. the stqmach. s 'In othei
words; th'e" process ot digestion is really
a process of fermentation, "and the-pres
ence of these preservatives In food arrests
or retards the digestive processes. :¦ Som<
"of the most commonly used" preservative!
have . the- most ractive influence in the -re
tardation ? of digestive , activity. Among
these raay be •" mentioned salicylic- add
owhich ¦ on, account of ¦ its , cheapness ) am
activity »may be called the universal >pre
Bervative;;saccharln,' aVpoal-tar product
very* sweet; .which Is often used as a con
diment as . well as a preservative, anc
¦formaldehyde, .which' on : account of. It!
easy solubility, in -water .: is the Ideal pre
servative; for liquid^ in. which water is
the - chief -constituent, 'such; as-- milk
Among -other, preservatives which: art
commonly employed are boric, acid,, oi
borax; benzole acid,°or -benzoate of soda
sulphurous acid, or. sulpnltes, and- fluor
ides of ammonium and 'sodium. , The abovl
does not by; any means exhaust the list o
preserving agejits,. but shows their typica
character., .-. •': . - - . " - • ' <>
There are certain Qondimental preserva
tives which when used In moderation do
not seem to exercise any injurious retard-
Ing effectAipon aigestlon. and among these
may be mentioned the two which are
most generally known— sugar and salt.
These bodies exercise a preservative ef
fect chiefly because they tend to extract
water from°the bodies to which they are
added, and thus reduce the moisture to
a point which prevents the action of the
fermentative process. There can be no
objection urged to the use of such condl
mental substances, and especially or
sugar, which is Itself a food of the high
est value.
Dangers of TocKL Adulteration.
While it is true that the healthy «tom
ach may receive small quantities of al
most any°preserving substance with ap
parent impunity, it is also true that the
weak or deranged digestive organs may
be most seriously affected by even the
smallest quamtity of preserving substance.
The use of preservatives in foods, there
fore, should be so regulated by law as to
prevent the sale of any food product con
taining a preservative which Is not plain
ly labeled in respect of both the charac
ter and amount of the agent employed.
The general dissemination of facts in re
gard to preservatives will thus enable the
Intending purchaser to avoid those arti
cles of food 'which contain preserving
substances which are found injurious to
his particular case. I would even go so
far as to say that certain preserving sub
stances should be prohibited altogether,
inasmuch as theiib sale, even»when prop
erly labeled, might result in their use by
persons ignorant of, their nature, who
would thus Buffer pTerious Injury In their
health, o
There are other forms= of adulteration
which are less reprehensible, perhaps, oln
regard to their 1 Injury tp health and yet
cannot' be regarded as wholly innocuous.
Among" these may be mentioned tho use
of oleomargarine in the garb of butter
and, glucose In ihe garb of honey. It can
not be said of either of those bodies, when
properly made, that they are not whole
some, and yet they may, prove injurious
when eaten under 'the- supposition that,
they are other substances. At any rate
the fraudulent nature 'of 'such 1 adultera
tion is so flagrant as to merit universal
condemnation. . - ' . " .j_ .-. /
Use of Coloring Matters. 0 \ !i
Less objectionable, from a hygienic
point of view, but none the. less repre
hensible, is the i adulteration of condi
ments with inert substances, for' instance,
the mixture of peppers and spices ' with
fillers produced by grinding some organic
matter to the consistency . of the condi
ment and coloring it to Imitate. the con
dlmental color. • • '••-•?¦'. . = , °
The use of coloring matters In foods
must also be considered as an adultera-,
tlon, and the use of t poisonous coloring
matters should be absolutely prohibited.
Among th<! coloring matters ..which are
usually employed is a large number of
coal tar dyes. In fact, It is hard to find
a sample of pure butter on the market to
day, especially during the winter time.
Almost every sample is colored with a
coal tar dye, and usually to a degree far
in excess of the natural tint of the genu
ine article. The plea which is often'urged
by dairymen that butter is colored in or
der to secure a uniform tint is wholly Il
logical, inasmuch as the samples of but
ter in our market remind one very much
of Joseph's coat on account of their mul
titudinous colors. The natural tint of but
ter made from well-fed cows is sufficient
ly ' attractive for all practical purposes,
and It Is as unfortunate that the habit ot
butter-coloring has gained such a vogue.
Butter color itself, when taken in consid
erable quantities, deranges digestion, and
it is' very probable that there are many
stomachs which would not be able to bear
even the small quantities which ordinary
colored butter contains.. ..^ v _
Well-Nourish.ed Bodies Resist Dis
¦• -V;rf ¦"';• • - : ; " : .v;;e.ase. C: v- .
'From the foregoing It Is seen that the
question: of ' food affects the health and
longevity directly and indirectly. The di
rect-, influences • ..has- ¦ been sufficiently
pointed out.' Indirectly, malnutrition ren
ders the 'human organism liable to all
forms of disease. As is well known, a
great many uiseases are due to specific
germs or poisons -which enter the system
either through the skin, the lungs or the
Intestinal organs. Cholera, smallpox and
typhoid fever are type* of such diseases.
It is now known that malaria is a disease
which arises from the bite of a mosquito,
and it" is believed that" yellow fever, is
propagated in the same way.
Since It is impossible wholly_to prevent
the entrance of the germs of disease into
the system, it is important to have all the
vital organs in such a state of health and
functional activity as to I enable them to
resist the action of infection. A dozen per
sons, for instance, may be exposed to the
same infection and to the same degree^ Of
these we may suppose one Is suffering
from malnutrition, or has his digestive
organs weakened by impure food or by
food: poorly prepared. He alone of^' the
twelve will fall a victim to ther 3 disease,
while the others have vital organs strong
enough to resist it. : Therefore It Is evi
dent that, other things being equal, the
best method- of protecting a community
against fhe spread of a disease is to
have it well fed by the purest food, pre
pared in the most appropriate way.
Another way in which food affects
health and lcTngevity is the relation which
it bears to the particular functions which
man Is called upon to perform. Nature
has indicated in many ways the proper
food for man in certain conditions. The
inhabitants of the tropics require quite a
different kind of nourishment from the
Eskimo. Where muscular exertion Is the
chief "functional activity, as in hard la
borr experience has shown that a food
which Is largely of a carbohydrate na
ture, such as starch, sugar and their al
lied food, fat to a certain degree. Is most
useful. The people in the Orient, who live
mainly on rice, with a little fish or beans
are. capable of more physical exertion and
have more endurance under hard labor
than people who live largely on lean flesh.
How to Gain a Vigorous Old Age!
- The scientific study of foods wlirdevelop
systems of feeding. man for specific pur
poses so as to secure the greatest amount
of energy In the mos^' economical form,
and thus the health and the life of the
individual will- be protected ',
Ifllfe.be worth living at all Its pro
longation. In vigor and achievement Is the
most , worthy purpose, to which we can
devote our efforts. If old age brings only
burdens and suffering, enfeebled vitality
and loss" of mental : power. It would be an
economic crime to seek to secure and pro
long IC'.But true longevity means the en
tire °man,° with all hJ3 powers intact, for
the most precious years of -*ls usefulneca.
To seek out the great laws of longevity
ana, to persuade ourselves and our friends
to obey them are the great objects which
we should all Jiave In view. S To accom
plish this end we must expect to see seri
ously proposed .crude and Impossible plans
and ¦ .wholly Irrelative and Inadequate
means. /The sober student of longevity
win • not be misled by any of these Isms.
He will keep his mind free oX bias and cull
what Js good from all c quarter6. He will
eat and drink, wUh ¦ moderation— perhaps
even smoke a -good cigar. He will learn
something 0 useful from the Christian Sci
entist, from the vegetarian and from the
teetotaler, but he himself will be tem
per«te°ln all things. " in sickness Jie will
tucn to the physician and the pharmacist,
and In sorrow to vthe pastor • fot help.
When throughout the civllize'd world the
study of- longevity shall have secured a
firm foothold, undoubtedly we shall see
laid the foundations of that science of life
which slowly but surely In the perhaps
remote future will- secure to the^world'the
•'services of men and women old, .measured
by our present standard, but still young
measured by their capacity for work abd
for enjoyment." ¦ ;. . • : . „. » . •
The macrobiote of the» future will walk
with head erect . l ond elastic step, .tin
guide will be the philosophy of temper
artce: In the even balance of his mental
powers he will secure fmmunity from the
helplessness of senility; Death will not
come as a struggle, but as • a-'consum
matlon, ' . . H.*TV.-"'W T IL,BY
THURSDAY '...... FEBRUARY 28, iooi
¦¦¦ ''¦:¦:¦¦ ¦'¦¦: JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
lliita AH CcBstcrlcttieiLi to W. 8. LEAKS. Maciger.
I'lCUCATIOX. OFPJCB. . .Market an* Third. S..F.
";"': ;:f . ..- :> s Telephone Pres» 201.
EDITORIAL &OOMS. ... .217 to 221 SteVenson St.
¦;".-V.: ", :V..>-:TeIephone Press 2O2.
DeltVered br Carrlrrn. JIS Crntm Per Week.
';•••.¦.:..:..: '.-•¦.. ; -."gitiirle Copten. O Cents. ¦
':••-. \"- ; ".- : Tel-ma br Mall, Including Poitaffei ,
CAnJT CALI* (lnrtuair-e Sunday), cue j-eor • ...tt.to*
DAI1.T CAIAt (including Bunfiay). e month* *-00
EAILT CAX.T.. (lacludinK Sttafiay). S xncntha J-M
J3AILT CAUr-By Elncl* Month _.. l~ •^
trXDAT CALUOst Tear i-"
WEEKLY CALU One Ye»r.... ;...... •• *•«
All poKtma«tert( nr* nathorlred to recelTe
¦ abncrtptlons. .
6«inpl» copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall Bubserlbers In crdering chaw?* of addrw* 'nhonld be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In onS«
to Insure a prompt amd correct compliance with their request. ;
O.VlvLAAD OFFICE .....1118 Broadwar
__________ .-¦"¦¦:-•, \
C. GEOItGB KROGJfESS. V
Cadger Tcnlgn Acvertisirg, Kt-rqcette Bsflfling, CUeagu
(LcEf: Distance Telephone "Central :C19.") : t£2m
ICinr YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTOJf. ................. Herald Sqoarf
KETT YORK ItEPRESEITrATTVE:,
6TEPHE5 11. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
SEW TOBK KEW3 BTAiTDB:
Waldorf •Astoria Botel; A. Brectano. n Ucloa B<roar«:
__srrar H1U Hotel. i
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
. Eberman Hcy&e: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Frexsost House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., If. W.
JlOltTOA K. CllAVi:. Correspondemt.
OIIAKCII OFFICES—^27 MoBtsomery. corner of Clay, open
ustll 8:33 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 615
McAllister, open until 9:?0 o'clock. WS Larktn, open until
$:30 o'clock. 19*1 Misflon, open until 10 o'clock. S261 Market.
. ocraer Slxteentli. open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, dpen
until J o'clock. 'J* Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW. cor-,
ser Twenty-secocd and Kentucky, open "until i o'clock.
A REMEDY FOR THE; "WRONG.
r-xESPITE the fact that the people of San Fran-
I ) cisco ' voted- down a proposition to license
*—^ poolrooms in this city, a majority 6f the Board
of Supervisors seem incKned to sanction a renewal of
the evil at Ingleside racetrack. The vote of the board
en Monday is ominous of that result. It is true that
a vote in favor of passing a resolution to print does
not necessarily entail a vote in favor of the measure
when it comes up for final passage. It is reasonable
tc presume that some of. the men who voted with the
majority on Monday may refuse in the end to ignore
the will of the people as expressed at the last elec
tion, and consequently who have tr>ade the opOT
and honest, fight for. morality have- no cause- for
abandoning "their , efforts. Until the threatened
wrong has been fully perpetrated the protests against
it should continue to be vigorous and emphatic.
Even should the board pass the ordinance over the
vote of the people, the victory of the gamblers will
not be complete. There remains a potent resource in
the hands of the supporters of morality. They can
by petition take an appeal from the Supervisors'to the
people at the . ensuing election. The charter pro
vides for such an appeal, and if at the coming elec
tion the people once more vote down the scheme of
the gamblers the prohibition will be established in
the ordinances of the city beyond the power of Su
pervisors to repeal.
TO that end, therefore, the attention of the public
must now be directed. If the Supervisors legalizs
pool-selling and bookmaking at Ingleside prepara
tions must at once be made for .taking the appeal.
The whole issue is in the hands of the people. They
can crush the wrong despite all thatjhe gamblers and
their allies on the board can-do. •
In this connection it is to be noted that when Ingle
side racetrack was in the hands of men of moderate
means the Mayor was eager to suppress gambling at
the track, and the Supervisors supported him, so that
the present ordinance was enacted. Since then a few
rich men have bought the track at a reduced price.
Permission to resume gambling at the track will
vastly increase its value, and the rich owners desire
that permission. That which was denied to poor men
they think they can obtain for themselves. In fact,
they appear to have made their speculation in Ingle
side track upon the assumption that this is a rich
man's government; and' that they can have all they
csk {or. o ° •• °o C . ° 0 . °.>-.° 0'
¦" It niust'be conceded that upon the face of thefacts
they, do not appear to. have made a mistake so far ¦ ?^
the pres'eftt "city government is concerned.
'Phelfn,;;«;ho.;was lpiidOn denouncing gambling so;
Jongas tlie;t>ackrwas,m ihe hands of poor men, hAs
:how declared a willingness f o° allow a° season .of a what
:he;:calleji'!"pocket- picking" °at thfe track. "Supervjisors
; p9S c ed ; ai- supporters of "the as upholders
: pi the iilVof^the pt^le, , and- a£ : opponents of popl :
"seUingl'.bobkmikin^andali kinds of track/gambljng,'
iiai-e 'Sii^denlr becofriev converted" into supporters °pf
•Jl)e rick4 2 P'? tf^ c^ iSS^FJ^! *? ey
¦jtfineidAiniiph^ dL.aU-Jtheir past and^recbrdV:
to -licen&ei- gambiinrg'" at"; Ingleiide/j ° « Jj Z .»:• °.
: ' v'lt if.a- significant ;|a^t that upon' the = vote to pass to ;
, .print.iev^ry*'-'rkh.man?"pii-- ; th6 4>oard voted with : the
every^ojte who ; voted against it= is° a
.f'rnan .of/jftbderate mean's.^ Every {member orthe.boaftl'
: '<#&£ represents '; mdfijey • to -any .considerable extent,
' .Wte'k ; . to'lp^sV-to '"prtnfv"" There 1 ; •was-.not° '*£:. . singje
•¦wealthy., rte.mt[fer £f\thc;.boaY&.yho stood by o °tfie= peo\
• •plVand yjbie.ciiAgamsV = tlie resolution.. I °' >••" V
= :/•':'¦ .triiat' j$Jth'e.;sittiaU'on'-.the°peo.ple have to face "on ;t.h}3
•issued I :Nl9'6r... : rhelAn;^nd his allies [ appear, to have.
' ;ni'?deippJtKcif niinds thai the rich may have, the pciyri
'ke"^t?of^i)ickip gpo^e{s'' ; in- San Francisco, but : that
' pQorTOen':^aii;'nof.5°I<cemains:for thVpeqple to" de
• •c:^e;l\yhe:tb€r that peculiar government 'arid mow:pe
• fc'.rhV';^oraljt5:fsh'atl.-be : - permitted fto flourish Jin 'this:
¦ ' cifjr. /•••¦•¦f.-.-:"".-^.-; *'"¦ V '.••*•• r " :: - °. ••: '".:¦ '.:!'"
! . [ I 'No ot 'Amjln&fc government is * "ri$V mail's
'}, government. "j\\Ve"hay!e;3n. every city,- county; a°nxl° State
'"'¦ • and :in . ihe [whole; na.tib.ni ' a .government of the : people
• 'i^^^i^^q^e^op}(^$ is a government • of
'equal" rJ5)its : - ; for..ali-a^<J special .privileges" tp. ribn>,
¦; {Zief ihe ;$upeT^sor^j:fj?: a rich jman!s government" if
' ;ihey. W& : 4t'.4 : il)°%.£oted flo.wn. within six, months
¦ "at the ; c6ming%<k°ectionV=o [ ° :°-° v° . °° °: ° f e
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The New British Dynasty.
The correspondent "who wrote to The
Mall and Empire two weeks ago that
with the death of the Queen the Guelpn
dynasty has com© to an end 4a supported
by several of the English .papers. In tho
Birmingham Gazette Is the statement thut
a dynasty ends when the head of the
house 13 a female and that the heir opens
a new dynasty named after his father.
With the accession of Edward VII It la
held that the Wettin-Saxe-Coburg-Gotha
dynasty commences.— Toronto Mall.
Kussia Strikes Back.
The Russian Government acts quickly.
The receipt by ft of the news that Russian
beet sugar Imported Into this country
must pay an additional duty of nearly
three-quarters of a cent a pound to offset
an alleged bounty has led to swift re
prisals. After March 1 the Russian duties
on American machinery and steel and
Iron goods will be Increased about 50 per
cent. Such an Increase will put an end to
the profitable and expanding business in
these goods which some American manu
facturers have been building up In Russia.
They feared retaliation in the event of
the imposition of a countervailing' duty on
Russian beet sugar, and what they dread
ed has come to pass. An appeal lies from
the ruling of the Treasury Department to
the Supreme Court. Should an appeal be
taken that court may decide, in me course
of human events, that the department la
In error. In the event of such a decision
the Russian Government will no doubt
lower the duties it has Just raised. In the
meantime there will be no shipments df
American Iron and steel goods to Russia.
A controversy over a small cargo of beet
sugar is going to kill, for a time at least.
a promising trade, Chicago manufac
turers of farm machinery will be losers
by the suppression of that trade. If the
Supreme Court should reverse the ruling
Of the Treasury Department Russia will
be satisfied, but Germany. France or Aus
tria-Hungary ¦will contend that its b«*«*t
sugar should not pay higher taxes than
that of Russia, and that It will be Justified
In adopting retaliatory measures. This
beet sugar question may cause much
trouble and close several fore) en marKet3
to a number of American products before
It is finally disposed of. -^-Chicago Tribune.
The Destruction of the. Maine.
Americans in Havana celebrated the
third anniversary of the destruction of
the Maine on Friday, and it Is prtbable
that the day will long attract public no
tice in the chief, city of Cuba. Mean
while a Chicago company is Retting ready
to raise the wreck of the warship which
was the Immediate cause of a great
change in the positron and destinies of the
United States. Before the physical evi
dences of the momentous event In the
harbor of Havana on the night of Feb
ruary 15, 1S93, shall be removed all possi
ble means ought to be employed to settle
forever, not merely for Americans, but for
all the world, including Spain, the nature
of .the explosion which destroyed tho
Maine. When the wreck U taken away,
intact or in fragments, the last chance
will pass for learning anything more re
garding the ! explosion which sunk a fine*
ship and destroyed nearly all of her crew.
It is a mistake to suppose that the find
ings of the American naval court were
decisive as to the cause of the wreck of
the Maine outside of the United States.
The ¦ great !"• majority of : those European
authorities who shape history for their
countries and color the views of coming
generations doubtless still adhere, as they
did from the first, to -the Spanish view
that the Maine was blown up- from with
in. They do not believe that a Spanish
mine wrecked the vessel or that a Span
ish torpedo struck the ship. That is why
It is well that every possible opportunity
for throwlnK more light on the question
should be Improved. It is not a matter of
immediate practical importance whether
the official and popular view of the disas
ter which was taken in this country was
correct, but it will be a subject ot keen
interest to future generations anxious to
do justice to Spain and more eager to feel
sure of the soundness of the position
maintained by their own country. Let us
get all the additional evidence possible
to obtain regarding the wreck of the
Maine. No point should be missed. . No
bit of proof can properly be neglected.—
Cleveland .Leader. • . •. ',
capita was $8 14, as; the result of the Spanish .War.
In 1900; another fall to 1 $6 39 ; took place.y The' year
1901 will probably show another advance.
Recapitulating, the per'' capita of "Federal expenses
for each decade after the first, census we have: :
17P1, Expense per capita. ~;i .".'... . 5 -96
1S01, Expense per capita...:.....;........ 2.31
1811, Expense per capita 1.87
1S21, Expense per capita. :........;... ..'..'1.90
1831, Expense per capita 2.41
1SU. Expense i>er capita ,.... 2.71
1S51, Expense per capita.... 1.99
1S61, Expense per capita 2.03
1S71, Expense per capita.............:.... 7.39
1SS1, Expense per capita 6.08
It is not fair to our own times, however, to base
expenditures upon a per capita comparison. The rise
of expenses has gone with extension of our national
area. The objects of governmental care, even limit
ing Government to its police powers alone, have mul
tiplied with. the additions to our territory that have
taken place since 1791. In that year the United States
covered an area of only 827,844 square miles.' •
In 1803 we Louisiana, 1,171,931 square
miles: In iSijfwe added Florida, 59,268 square miles.
In 1845 we admitted Texas, with 376,133 square miles.
In 18^8 we acquired from Mexico 545,783, and again
in 1853 45,535 square miles,'andfrom Russia in -1867.
577,390 square miles, so that -now we have j$i area
of 3,603,884 square miles, exclusive of Hawaii, Porto
Rico and the Philippines. • - : '
Our area having increased more than fourfold since
iSoi, and its settlement by bur; people requiring gov
ernment over it all, we may felicitate ourselves that in
1900 we were paying less than four times as much' per
capita as government cost a hundred years before,
when there was so much less to govern. ;. \ -
The-Study -of -.Foods °fn Their Relation- to
Natipnai°.and.Indwic|,u o al Develbpment; .,
and° of Longevity.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts *a$d Specialists for
: ; The San Francisco Gall .^ . ; ; £s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, .FEBRUARY,': 28, "¦.jlOOl.
France has dope well; in 1 sending" back the . loot
taken from China, and it is to "be hoped the other
Christian powers will profit by the example. »
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
6
Orjiheom— rVaidrvine.
Grand Opera-hcnise — "A Husbani'e Honor." c o
' ft 'r j ¦¦?!— »^ftjW* Happened to Jones."
Columbia— "Zasa."* I _ c c .c c
Tivpll— "\VUar4 of the Xlle." ir'>o ° 0 t s o „ c I '.•''*
Ontrai-^"tJ3e Girl I L«ft Behind IU."\ ' o o . o ' ;
CalirornlA— "TU« Village Parson." = " t ° ° .-•.„" ••[?.
. AlbasiJ'ra— SXiqttreU.* ;"/« "V c '•'•'"' • ' : ... ..-.---
tiliTup*; .'coreer Mason ftnd Eddy ttreeta-rSpeclalUts.--.- : >•.
Cnate^ . Zop^«n4 '^Tb?ater— Vayievmc. «y er 3 r .atteraopa-aqd;
•Venice. ','¦.•.' ¦\',\. 1 - s_\ \~' : . ¦•• '¦;': .f" ¦¦.¦-, •--'¦•' ••'••'. ' '• • °.. f : V : .. : /.'
n«wfcrr'»-^V«»u-»1Il«s.\;. '-.--. ;:•¦' :"¦-'-"". -I. ¦.'«¦- ° '-'''• .•¦"•••''.
Metn^UtA^Te&i'Je : ; TTlie'..lIf.a8C!i!'ls'. Recital this Mt tecaoon.;-,
- ilcckar^;; i J «v!:ir^.Xrair.ed- Afa^njir.SJioW'Satt^euj-.- J : -
CaJtfornla/Jockcj^uV.iOA^^).— Pf^e 8 - 1 '-' •• •.'" .'"" : '.' '."•• ¦'
: Tajjforati- ParSi-^'UaiSeal-;. § °- ••:.• '"'¦/¦' ¦ '.'.'•-¦ ':.'•.':':'
I Choice candles, To wnsend's, PalacaHoUL*
-v . — i
I Cal. glac© fruit 60c per U> at Townsend's."
' Special ' information t supplied dally ¦ to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SV> Mont-
gomery su Telephone Main 1512. - *City Attorney Lane submitted an opin
ion to the Board of Works yesterday that
the Supervisors, with the recommendation
of -the board, has the power to ordec
street work done on accepted streets, the
expense to be borne by the city.
City Must Bear the Expense.
Lands in the southwest extension of the
Los Angeles field have recently heen sold
at the rate of $700 per acre, which is the
hijrhsst pr!ce yet obtainedin that locality.
E. M. Roberts, who some years ago
bought- 240 acres of land In section 8. 29,
28,. in the Kern River district tract, pay
ing for the tract a total of thirty cows,
has just disposed Of the last of the tract.
Twenty acres are taken by the California
Crude Company at an agreed price of $60.
000. the first payment of $10,000 having al
ready been made. The balance Is due
within six months. Forty were purchased
by- the- Fair estate, which has paid down
$7O,Q0O, and will pay an additional $30,000
on the 1st of August. These sales, to
gether with there previously made, have
netted to Mr. Roberts $376,000. - . s
• Thirty-three ' Consolidated Oil Company—
Capitalization $200,000. incorporators C. F. Uau
meieter. = John A. Drtnkhouse, W. A. Mlllor.
John J. • Myers, . Robert S. I^amotte, Joseph
Kahn, A. 'Ruff of San Francisco. Alameda Oil
Company— Capitalization $3,000,000, Incorporators
Edward A. Ilolman, II. P. Dunning, Jostah
Garrett. J. R. Daley, Newton' Gray, Thomas
C. Huxley. Farley B. Granger. I* A. Pelton,
Henry Schmidt. Charles O. Hardy, R. A.
Summers. J. Clinton, B, O'Neill, C. Oustaf
eon, R. H. Cromwell of Alameda. Loralne Oil
Company— Cap'ttWIzatlon $MK),000. incorporators
Leopold Mlchels. A. S. Wollberfr. Marlus Du
vall, Alexander Mackle, George E. Ames, J.
D. Arnold. H. Epstein, of Bakersfleld. Alad
din Oil Company— Capitalization $100,000, In
corporators S. J. LeBrun of San Jose, 'Cal.:
J. P. I^artigreau. John R. Altken of San Fran
cisco; "\V. T. Reed of Belmont. Cal. Texas
ana California Oil and Refinlns Company-
Capitalization $750,000. with offices at Tucson,
Arlt.. Los Angeles. Cal., and Beaumont. Tex.
Densmore-StabUr Reflnlns Company—Capitali
zation Jc.r.o. noo, with offices In Los Angeles,
Cal,, and Tucson. Ariz. Umpire Oil and Refin
ing Company— Capitalization $1,000,000, Incor
porators J. S. Miller, Robert Miller, R. White
head of San Francisco.
The Ready Oil Company— Capitalization
$900,000, incorporate)™ B. J. Rlewerts, George
H. Swain, J. W. Jones, A. • J. Fallman, J. K.
Densmore of- Bradley, Cal.: E. Bergemann,
\V. MoN'aul; Charles Forbes of Ban Miguel.
Cal. ; J. SI. Johnson of Berkeley, Cal. ; W. B.
Howe of San Jose, Cal. Orant CHI Company—
Capitalisation J375.00O, incorporators E. IT.
Algeltlnger, D. W. Burchard, C. W. Knar,.,
A. R. Patrick. J. B. Rogers. W. A. Miller.
W. O. Carpenter. J. A. Losan, H. G. McPlke
of San Francisco. Hopland Oil Company—
Capitalization 1100,000, incorporators William
Muehe, Frank Qulnn,' P. F. Rockett of San
Francisco. German OH and Development Com
pany — Capitalization fciOO.OOO. incorporators Pur
cell Rowe. C. B. Rich, W. H. L,. Corran,
T. B. Rowlings, G. A. Dazey of San Fran
cisco. Seba OH Company— Capitalization JJOO.
000, incorporators John F. - Cunningham, Ed
ward Sarage, Mortimer SavaK*. Walter Storey,
Samuel B. CaMwell. Edward B. Youn* of San
FranclBCo and D,. C. Cunningham of Phoenix.
Oil companies have recently been incor
porated In Arizona as follows:
New Oil Companies.
to a "Ventura oil man that some of the oil
of Ventura County is fine illuminating oil.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In t the above "exposition of the tides
the early morning tides Are given in the left
hand • column and tho successive tides of the
day In tho order of occurrence ax to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
Fro In addition to the soundings on th» United
States Coast Burvey charts, except when a
minus o bIkh (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number riven Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of referenda
i« the mean of the lower low waters.
Theambunt of oil that Is' dctually being
produced in California- and the demand
there is for it are both illustrated by tha
fact that'. it. has been found advisable to
construct 1 a large number of wooden tank
cars for temporary use to move the oil
from the fields to places where it is con
sumed for fuel. The Southern Pacific
Company Is equipping 150 cars with
wooden tanks to be used until Iron tank
cars can be procured in sufficient numbers
to eo around.
The extent of the Kern County fields
has called Into existence an incorporation
known as the Kern County Iron Work.3.
which will erect a plant to compete for
the oil field work.
The superintendents In tho Kern River
fields will organize a mutual aid associa
tion. Tho superintendents of over 'a score
of companies have agreed to become mem
bers. - ¦ " ¦ ¦
The Kern and Sonoma Oil, Land and
Development Company has been incor
porated in Arizona to operate in Kern and
Sonoma counties.
Claims are being located in the Suscql
hills in Napa County, Just across the
Solano County line, and, also to the north
of the. Fisk sulphur springs, in Yolo
County. .
The ' Santa Barbara Independent says
that drills are working on the beach at
the Los Alamos ranch on the property
owned by Mrs. Catherine Bell. A lease
has also been taken on the beach on the
Rlncon ranch at Ooleta, ' -
v Lands back of Aptos, Santa Cruz Coun
ty, have been leased to H. F. Anderson
and others of Ben Lomond. .
Big Deal Under Way.
If the proposed deal goes through for
the purchase of the stock of the Kern
River Company. 80 says the Bakersfieid
Californlan, tho amount Involved will be
$400,000. The company owns 240 acres in
two sections. ""--:- -*'--'
The Inyo Register gives the following
account of the situation In Inyo County:
Mysterious intimations of petroleum possibil
ities and indications are not infrequent in • :. c*il
talk. So far none has "struck lie." Evidently
the various find* are near together, as every
prospector locates his claim "over here in the
hlllx, not far from niehop." Oil Is the lilk
at Independence. I^ocatlons have been mads !n
the GeorRe - » Creek vicinity and on Oak Cre#k.
Articles of Incorporation have been filed in t.he
clerk'* office for the Owens Lake Oil and tftli*
ingr Company, a concern of which a Michigan
stove manufacturer named Hoyt Is the head..
Bakersfleld companies are also lnterejtlns
themselves In the fields below the lake, mi.l tv<»
fire informed that a number of o wells will be
i-tartfd this spring. One company r propofeo to
start thrfe. Th<j hills northwest o( llalwal
Meadows are believed to be trie most prpmlsni?
of'»ny of the supposed fields. Indications, ore
pronounced better than in the Kern fields. The
backers of these ventures expect that oil will
be found. If at all. at a consldeinble depth, and
intend to drill 2300 -.feet if necessary. o
TheRed Bluff News reports that East
ern parties have been looking over the
sheep range of G. G. Klmball, In what Is
known as the Bald Hills in Shasta Coun
ty, comprising about 5500 acres, as an oil
proposition.
The Red Bluff Sentinel reports that the
oil fever is spreading in Red Bluff and
that every day parties are going out west
of that town' to locate claims.
; The full amount necessary to erect the
Oil Exchange building at Bakersfreld has
been raised. There has been such a de
mand for membership that It has been
considered advisable to raise the price
from $100 to $200. It is probable that should
any; of the subscribers to membership be
come delinquent applicants for the seats
will be accepted at the old rate. Building
will begin In a few days.
The Guernoville X-Ray says that lands
owned by M. C. Meeker, lying east of
Walker's Ranclio Lago, have been leased.
The lands are, north of, Guerneville. Four
teen locations luive been made.
W. H. Marshall, a chemist employed In
a refinery at Cleveland, Ohio, has written
Many Being Built of Wood to
> , Move the OH Piroduct;
DEMAND FOR TANK
CARS IS GROWING
TRANSPORT INDIANA MAKES
PORT WITH SICK SOLDIERS
ISl|(i^C^hs/Takie; Place During Voyage and Many
of the : Men -^rfc Still in a Very Bad Way. !
TO SAIL.
£>ecrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Anna S. Anderson from Swan
Anderson for /extreme cruelty, Mary E.
Sargent from E. Lewis Sargent for Jn
temperanco ajid Elizabeth F. % Keattch
from Job H. Keattch for failure to pro
vide. Suits for divorce have been filed
by William Birch against Minnie Birch
for Intemperance. Mary B. Hewitt against
John B. Hewitt for cruelty, Eliza Beyer
against Jamep Beyer for cruelty and Rey
Legaeseck against John A. Legasseck for
failure to provide. . ¦ • ¦¦
In the Divorce Court.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Etatet Coast and * Geodetic Survey-
Tiroes and Heig-hts of Itleh ana Low
Water* at Fort 'Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published • by official au
thority of th* ' Buperfhtendent.
-NOTE — The lilg-h and low waters oocttr at tb«
city frost (Mission-street w&art) ctcut twenty-
'..' ¦¦' .\. '•• ¦¦ ' .'". Wedcesdiy. February Tt. '
•' 'Stmr. Oorona,. Uinkle. M hours from ¦ New*
pr»rt. ".¦•¦.••..:•.¦. . • .
Stmr ¦ Sequoia, . Winkle, 45 hours from Fort
Bragg. -.- :. •• ,. •: . . - „ •
Stmr-Navarro. Hannen. .1* hours from"
.Bo-wena Land!r~. ¦.. •• . " . '
. • Ftinr Progreso, -Monroe, 4 days 6 hours from
Tacoxna.
-Bark Albert, .Griffith, II -flays' from Hoao
lul'i. ' . ¦• ¦ ",
Schr John "A, Nelson, 8 days -from Grays
•Harbor. :•¦"'. -
.Stmr Indiana, Morle, SO days froni llanlla.
Via ¦ Honolulu.- 9 daysi
. Schr "Ralph- J Long, Ii-ig-k-lt. ' 3 days from
Mcadoclno. •'•.-. . * .
• : • -. • ..- ¦¦¦¦•¦.¦.-•.• CLEARED.
' ' Wednesday,' Febrnary 27
¦ Stmr North Fork. Mo Lallan, Eureka; Chas
Nelson. • •" .". •
Stmr Pcmona, Bhea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins Sr Co.- .. -
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Xanalmo; Paclac
Improvement Co. ...»
Bchr Metha Nelson, Chrlntrnson, Kahulul, '
\1a. Honolulu; Alexander & Baldwin. ¦„'-. .
«... '• .• •;¦• SAILBH5. . - ° ';
'. '• ¦ - •" • "Wednesday, February 27. f
: Btmr Geo - W. Elder, Randall, Astoria, . .- .
:: Stmr. Aberdeen, Hansen, IMreka. ' •
.Stmr Geo'Loomfs, Brld^ett, Ventura. '-¦ ....%
¦" Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Dle«ro. •. ; • ..'
Btmr North Fork. McLellan. Kurekal : . " - ; :
. Ftmr Pctnona. Shea, Kureka. -." " .: .': '.
¦¦ Stmr Chloo, Dearborn, Fort Bragrc.
..Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma. V. " • ...
Br ship Sllberhom. Gibson. Queenstowfi." 'A
Vr ship "Wayfarer, Tupman. Queenatown." „
. Br snip Seafarer. Farmer. Queenstown. : .. v
Bark Pactolus, Watts, New Whatcom. •; "..
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing. 1 . • ¦'.
. I' TELEGRAPHIC. . <¦ • °
POINT- LOBOS. Feb 27. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. Telocity 8 mllea.
¦ • ¦ .. -. SPOKEN. - • ' ¦ -°
Feb 20. lat CO N, Ion 20 W— Br ¦hlpFingal.
h«nce &ept 8. for London. - :••-.
Feb 21. lat CO N. Jon 18 W— Ship Edward S«
wall. hence Oct 5. for UverpooL
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA-Sailed Feb 27-Stmr Columbia, for
Can Fr«nclisco. - ¦ ¦-
BX:REKA— Arrlred Feb H— Stmra Chas Nel*
¦on and Brunswick, bence F"eb 26.
PORT TOWNSE^fD— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Q
W Watson, from Santa Rosalia: bktn Kllkl
tat. from Honolulu.
¦ Arrived Feb 27— Bktn John Smith, from
Honolulu. - . " .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb Zt— Schr John
G North, for Hanamalulu. .
Arrived F«* 27— Bktn Robert Sudden, from
Port Blakeler.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Rival.
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 27— 6chr Marion, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 2*-Br
stmr Warfleld, for Ooroox.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled Feb 2t— Schr R W
Bartlett, for Port Harford.
UMPQU A— Sailed Feb 25— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Launched Feb 27—Mahu
kona.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 18— Ship .George
Curtis, hence Jan 21; Nor bark Kanuust. from
Newcastle, Aus. - . ''. . ¦
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK*-Arrived Feb 28— Btmr Finance,
from Colon.
Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Alllanca. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 27— Br
«tmr Glenoftle, from Tacoma. • '
LI VERPOOL— Sailed Teb '. 27— Br itmr Ollv«
Branch, for — ¦— . - " ' '"•
ANTWERP—Arrived Feb 25— Br ship Lln
llthgowehlre, from Tacoma;' Br ship Austra
lia, from Orecon.
BRISTOL— Arrived Frt> 2*-Br ship Imber
horn. from- Tacoma. - ¦ '"*'¦¦'¦' ". _" ¦
DUBLIN— Arrived Feb 25— Br ship Oweene,
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 28— Fr bark- An--
Jou. hem» Oct K. ° ¦• '• ¦ • ¦ '
CADIZ— Sailed ¦ Feb 10— Ger stmr Denderah.
Arrived Feb " 26-Br ship
Glsncalrd, bence Oct 10. ° " _--
¦ TALTAL-Salled Dec , Br ship Colony,
- "YOKOHAMA- Sailed Feb": 2<— Ship Arthur
'Sewall, for Honolulu. Feb 25^-Br «tmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
« OCEAN STEAMERS, .
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Victoria,
from Narl*"*.' '-" 1; , . ¦ _ '
Railed Feb 27— Stmr New York, for South
ampton; stmr Manltou, for London: stmr Cale
donian, for Liverpool; stmr Oceanic, for Liv
erpool; stmr- Friesland, for Antwerp.
• Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Teutonic, from Liver
pool and Queenstown; . stmr .Frankfort, from
Br»m»u. , > ¦ ¦ •
HONGKONO— Arrived .prior to Feb 27— Stmr
GUnogrle. from Tacoma, via Yokohama,
LIVERPOOL — Failed Feb 27— Stmr Olive
Branch, for Sim Fr«nci*co. '' ¦ ¦
<JUEEN8TOWN-^8a!led Feb »:— Stmr Ulto
nla. from Liverpool, for Boston.
' BOSTON— SaJled Feb 27— Stn\r New Encland,
for Queenstown and Liverpool.
ST MICHAEL-Pafsed Feb 27— Stmr Hohen
zollern. from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr St
Louis, for New York.
ShippI tig- Intelligence.
ARRfV'ED
V^vC'V.fcSrho DAT, CALIFORXIAif ? ;.'•¦
: ..'?jp.tlce.\-!s-'her»by given l*.«t Cayucos Land-.
MnK-buoy, a first-class j par. painted red and
riuinbered" 2, o went adrift February 1 19. " =It= will,
"be replaced a* soon as practicable. * o °
¦¦' Thl» notice aflacts the "List -of Beacona a>ndi
Buoys. Pacific .Coaat. JJOl.",. paj?e 18. •/'• . ."
•.•By -order .of \he Llghthouirs Uoard. . ". •'.';:
'¦' '•*- v ¦ • .; '.¦.¦•¦¦.•¦ u. 'Pebr.Ee; • ¦ '
Commander, U. £.?»., Inspector .Twelfth Lig-ht-l
' ..: house District.. . -.-..-, - c - c - ' ¦. • . .
Notice to Mariners.
¦VThe'Ba'ngOr loads lumbef at Port Ludlow for
.Honolulu •_ the Xokornls. .lumber at Grays Har
'bor'•: f cr-: Santa Rosalia.;' the Harbinger, wheat
aif-'t.nls r«rt .for. Europe, 3*s 9dl" « •> „ ",
Shipping merchants.
Matters; of Interest to Mariners and
:new;S; : ; or the; ocean;
The Oceanic Steamship Company's A!a
mt^a. wer.t to the Rlsdon Iron Worts yes
terday. Her compound engines are to b-s
•turned Into triple expansion, her boilers
we to be taken out and new ones put In.
"Water Front Notes.
George Shafter Is a colored cripple was
raiys he has no home. He lo«t both legs
Jn an accident and of »ate he has found it
Impossible to make a living. Yesterday
he xcade his way to the foot of Howard
No. 2 and sat watching the tide for quite
a wblie. "When he saw that no one was
looidne he slipped overboard and was car
ried away by the tide. Luckily a boat
man was passing and he grabbed Shatter
by the hair andT after a severe struggle
got him into the boat. When he got him
ashore the unconacioua man wa.s hurried
lo the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Morri
son eoon had him out of danger.
JUMPS INTO THE BAY.
Colored Man Tired of JAte Throws
Himself From the Wharf.
All the «ck men were taken to the Pre
s'.dio hosoHal on the tug Kesolute and
then the Indiana docked at the transporr
wharf. Macj- of the elck are convalescent,
but still there is Quite a number who are
*a a bad way. .- .
pp—v^ttE United States army transport
i I Indiana arrived from Manila yes
;f c terJay after a long: passage oZ
Jl thirty -five :days. Jurt one -year am
yesterday the. Indiana left here -for
the .PliiMpolnes. :" Ever -tdnce- *the has been
cruiyiE g about : zm6ug the. islands, vrrcept
for one ¦ cr/i-sra Jtrljas -.*i»e ¦• mAde ' lo • Taku.-
The Jndiarii. : Js;to:6tart';ba,ck tQ-Ma°nlla- on-
M'arco...lO \vri t ft. -the. cavalr>r ; regiinent '• mow
?n its. way. •h.erei'rpnTi fbewE^st. ¦.•-';•:.•¦-=•-•:=¦
Toe Indiana'* rvn;hbnie-as;'fa.r\as;H6nQ-!
lulu . was . xrlihwt Inciacnt except! ' fflr • tn>?
cunibt-r {of ,deatnsi:-'it't'Qok . ttle transport
ten vd» ys . to ; icoineitiere. : i rom.HavraJr W?d '
the caaVainV -bjaipes -head .'. -.¦vrtnds-'.i'-.ari.d "':«¦'•
heavy civ;?* sou ; .for '..the dcliy. ¦..'¦; ':¦-.¦: ':' : i
The following xkblh' pas^enpers? eatae.np;:
on. tbjevindjana;:--. ¦.'¦;;'.¦•..•.;•";,• ¦•;-.:-•";;. -.(-:: .': :/ : :'.i
¦ J4r.'«jld- Mra.--T ; r«d."Axnoid»--.T5V C-" Atiiey. 'C;
I~ B.-itf> ¦ Miss : CJ l>^ :fi*ar/.- Captain-- <V S,:
liratton. Mm . William-' "Bro l^nsteih 1 ; •: Second
Lle.«rrjBif.E. P. -'^ujac, .TWrty^thirl Infantry;
PiM-ond Lieutenant J. ;M. Craig; Thirty-sixth
InfaijTrr; Aortriw X Collins. Mi«s- B- JL Clin
ton. -. -atrm. E. r^v-oe»: Flirt Lieutenant .V;:.M.,
Eliscre Jr., T'wecty-rinth Infantry; Mi»s ;- M-
H. Hawea, ills* -G. L. . Howard. MJ«s M.-. fc
Lake,. Dr. J. C. L« Hardy; Firif Lieutenant
T. Levaek. Forty-fourth Infantry': '. Second
Liei>t»aaj>t C. K. Kli&oum'e Jr. 1 ;.. fourteenth
¦favalr>":.-.Mrs. C. E. KHbourne;. Second Lieu
tenant ias. Moore. Torty-eighth Infantry; 1 Dr.,
Jiciiw A, Mitchell. Henry H, Muecke; Captain
3. J. Oliver, Forty-eighth -Infantry; Thomas
Owen: First Lieutenant Kranlt . I;.-.Otls. Squad-,
ron Phlltrplne CavaJry; W. E. : Stewart. .Mrs.
I\ A. Wolf; First Llwlenam, H.- 8: -S\'T»ajiV
Third Infantry:- .. ;. . ;.'-... : '•.-.- ••' •-'
Besides these the Indiana brought up ?9 ,
r:\~.'.:nr.s and discharged men in the secon'l
oabin,. 453 pick soldiers. 21- inefi:.: of • tho'
Thirty-iFfxth ; InJautr>' as;*" RTiard-.V-and 22
members of the hospital corps to. attend .
r>r> the sick. At Honolulu two «»nUst«>d : ;
ci»r. and four second cabin . pae?«=nse t -9 :
¦were left bfhiad. trhile five men Irom th-j :
Twenty-fifth^. Th'.rty-i*<TV<»nUi. Thirty- '
eighth aiid- -Fortieth -Irifantry caraehon«
from that -i>V)int. ;*--'¦:¦: - ¦ ¦¦ . "• . . .-• ' ;
The remains; of : the : followlnc w^er-J
brought u:> .from Manila.:' . ; . . ;.-• ; •--.
Limjtenar.t ~.J..Morri*oD Jr., Fcarth Cavalry;
I>r. Louts V. Sm'.th; Privatet Hermaa Bnehler.
t\-mpany.C. Fbrty-Becond Infantry; Hans Cof
ford. CoTrspsTiy p. Fortr-slxth Infantry r ¦ P»
Fit2ger»i<t; Company K. Thlrty-seTenth Infan
\ry; Arthur E.- Gleason, Company L, Forty
?:nh InTastry; . Gay. X. Prtce, Crrnpany K 4
Thirty-fifth Infantry; Louie E. Silver. Com
pany F. Fourth V^lted Ftates Infantry: Samuel
Twe«<l. ¦ 'Company.. -.11. TnSrty-nlnth Infantry;
Leor.ar4 Vrniel, ¦"• Company H, Third Infantry;
C&artes D. Scr.ith, Gotnpanjr D, Thirty-ninth
Infantry; Ct<^rceWhalcn, Twelfth United
f i*tes Infar.try; Ccm>orai Herbert IUweo, Cotn
1-any IT. ThlT-tv-fifth Infantry; Klizaboth C. W.
Wyga^t. irlfe of Lieutenant \Vypant, Third In
fantry;. Freri L. .Gregory, late cf the ThlrteenlL
ilinnesota Volunteera, . • -•• ¦:-. . •-.. : - ' .
The fo)1owir.p died during the voyage: '
D. A. 3n>a42er. private* Fcrty-thlrd Infanttr;
"^'ilHam E. Can'y. pri\»te. Thirty- third Infan
try; Jane* Mi.LauRhlln. private, 8«rrfote*iith
lcrantry: '"Vi:!iam Kicks, private. Twenty-sixth
Infantry; Clarence E. Creighton. priva.te. Thlr
ty-txi!nl Infantry; William D. Gregory, cor-
I>Tal. Thiny-fighth Infantry; Jataes Dunn,
«~copany U, nairlaeer Corps; M. E. Matthews,
I ri vate. Company A. Third Cavalry;
• There will be no China . steamer -on
M.-vroh. 6. That was the Rio's rale and the
Peru .was. scheduled to take her place.
.The latter .vessel has been delayed in
Central' /America and -will not get hera,
;uji.til.-.M;ir.-ch-5, and there -is jno Other vessel
. ; to :i ScniI.-.QU-t. : "'.-;--V - ./ ° ' . o° ;,°, x ., °° ' "
all her cabins and etaterocrms are to be
torn out and replaced with modern appli
ances. . In fact, the Alameda will be prac
ti'fiJly a new boat when she leaves the
Iron works about four months hence.
THE ARMY TRANSPORT INDIANA MAKING PORT YESTERDAY. SHE WAS TEN DAYS COMING FROM HONO
LULU AND PEOPLE WERE GETTING ANXIOUS. NINE OF THE INVALIDS WHO LEFT MANILA ON HER
DIED ON THE VOYAGE.
THE SAN FRAKCIStJO CALL, THURSDAY,; FEBRUARY : 2^; I 901 - ,,
five minutes later than at Fort Point;, the
hHcht of tide Is the game at both place*. ¦-
THURSDAY, ! FEBRUARY 2S.
7
Run rises..; ;
Sun pets
Moon eets
6:43
«:02
3:26 a. in.
D ITlmel JTlmel ITlmel Tlme|
g. I Ft. Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft.
a L .W H W L W 'H W
28... 1:10 r» 7:21 r 6.7 2:22 0.1 9:21 4.7
1 ...'2:15 2.7 "8:23 6.7 3:11—0.1 10:«8 ¦ 6.0
\1 "... 1:10 2.4 »:30 5.7 3:52 " 0.0 10:45 5.1
3,.. 3:57 2.2 10:11 5.6 4:31 0.2 11:21 5.3
4 ... 4:10 1.8 11:60 5.4 .5:05 0.4 11:5J S i
'J'.°.. ' 6:231 1.6 11:43 6.2 6:40 0.7 1 , J
II \V| „ L. "VVJ H IV U W
6...) 0:J)j S.3|-6:Cg] 1.4 12:23 5.0 6:15 1.1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails
Plet.
' " Febrnnry 2S.
Arcata..',..... Coos Bay .12 tr. Pier »
San Pedro Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Colon Panama & Way Pt 12 mPMSS
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
March 1.
Corona Newport .. 9 am Pier 11
Totmes Hamburg: & Wy Pt , Pier 10
Nome City... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
March 2. ... . . .
Santa Barbar Humboldt 2 pm Pier >
Point Arena.. Point .Arena 2 pm Pier 3
Eureka....... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 3.
'Mandalay Ooquille niver 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa... Pan Dtego 9 am Pier 11
March 4. ,
Pomona Humboldt .......... 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 exa Pier 24
March 5.
Arso Coqullle River...... 4 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay..* 10 am Pier 13
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay 9 am Pier —
Bonlta Newport "9 am Pier 11
March O. I |
Ft. Paul New York via Pan] 2 pm Pier 27
Sierra Sydney & Way Pt«L9 pm Pier 7
Chas Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.f.%,.... Pier 2
Acme Tlllamook Bay .'.:.... Pier —
Queen Ban- Diego ........| 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
-f
From-.
I Due,
Ireelanaw Seattle ifeb 2S
Coronado.: San Pe<1ro Fob. 2S
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb "S
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Feb" 2*
Kunka liurnboldt : p e b £8
Nora« City San Pedro Feb! 28
Colombia Valparaiso V. Panama Mar 1
Mandalay Coqullle River...:. Mar 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria Mar' 1
Santa Barbara. Fan Pedro Mar 2
Willamette ffeattle. Mar 2
Pomona HUmboldt Mar. 2
St. Paul Panama Mar. %
Curacao Mexican Ports M«r* 3
Ftilton Orayg Harbor-. Mar.. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar." 3
Umatllla PURft Sound Port*.... Mar. 3
Alliance. Portland ft Coos Bay.. Mar. S
Acma Tiliamook Bay Mar. S
Queen San D(ego '. Mar. 3
Waehtenaw Tacoma Mar 3
Arro Coqullle Jtlver Mar". 3
BoMta ,Vewjx>rt ; Mar •" 3
Kmpire Coos Bay Mar. 4
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 5
Mackinaw Peattle Mar S
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 5
Peru Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. S
G W. Klder.... Portland, and Astoria.. Mar. «
C D. Lane Panama Mar. i
Corona Newport Mar. 6
Run rises..; ;
Sun pets
Moon eets
6:43
«:02
3:26 a. in.
D ITlmel JTlmel ITlmel Tlme|
g. I Ft. Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft.
a L .W H W L W 'H W
28... 1:10 r» 7:21 r 6.7 2:22 0.1 9:21 4.7
1 ...'2:15 2.7 "8:23 6.7 3:11—0.1 10:«8 ¦ 6.0
\1 "... 1:10 2.4 »:30 5.7 3:52 " 0.0 10:45 5.1
3,.. 3:57 2.2 10:11 5.6 4:31 0.2 11:21 5.3
4 ... 4:10 1.8 11:60 5.4 .5:05 0.4 11:5J S i
'J'.°.. ' 6:231 1.6 11:43 6.2 6:40 0.7 1 , J
II \V| „ L. "VVJ H IV U W
6...) 0:J)j S.3|-6:Cg] 1.4 12:23 5.0 6:15 1.1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails
Plet.
' " Febrnnry 2S.
Arcata..',..... Coos Bay .12 tr. Pier »
San Pedro Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Colon Panama & Way Pt 12 mPMSS
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
March 1.
Corona Newport .. 9 am Pier 11
Totmes Hamburg: & Wy Pt , Pier 10
Nome City... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
March 2. ... . . .
Santa Barbar Humboldt 2 pm Pier >
Point Arena.. Point .Arena 2 pm Pier 3
Eureka....... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 3.
'Mandalay Ooquille niver 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa... Pan Dtego 9 am Pier 11
March 4. ,
Pomona Humboldt .......... 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 exa Pier 24
March 5.
Arso Coqullle River...... 4 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay..* 10 am Pier 13
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay 9 am Pier —
Bonlta Newport "9 am Pier 11
March O. I |
Ft. Paul New York via Pan] 2 pm Pier 27
Sierra Sydney & Way Pt«L9 pm Pier 7
Chas Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.f.%,.... Pier 2
Acme Tlllamook Bay .'.:.... Pier —
Queen Ban- Diego ........| 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
-f
From-.
I Due,
Ireelanaw Seattle ifeb 2S
Coronado.: San Pe<1ro Fob. 2S
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb "S
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Feb" 2*
Kunka liurnboldt : p e b £8
Nora« City San Pedro Feb! 28
Colombia Valparaiso V. Panama Mar 1
Mandalay Coqullle River...:. Mar 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria Mar' 1
Santa Barbara. Fan Pedro Mar 2
Willamette ffeattle. Mar 2
Pomona HUmboldt Mar. 2
St. Paul Panama Mar. %
Curacao Mexican Ports M«r* 3
Ftilton Orayg Harbor-. Mar.. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar." 3
Umatllla PURft Sound Port*.... Mar. 3
Alliance. Portland ft Coos Bay.. Mar. S
Acma Tiliamook Bay Mar. S
Queen San D(ego '. Mar. 3
Waehtenaw Tacoma Mar 3
Arro Coqullle Jtlver Mar". 3
BoMta ,Vewjx>rt ; Mar •" 3
Kmpire Coos Bay Mar. 4
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 5
Mackinaw Peattle Mar S
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 5
Peru Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. S
G W. Klder.... Portland, and Astoria.. Mar. «
C D. Lane Panama Mar. i
Corona Newport Mar. 6
CHURCH ENTERTAINMENT.— An organ
recital and sacred concert .will be given on
Sunday evening next at the Emmanuel Baptist
Church, en Bartlett street, between Twenty-
eecond and Twenty-third. A long and well-
selected programme of vocal and instrumental
music will be rendered.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery street. •
"Wedding 'Invitations # ana' visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co,
741 Market street. -° •
OH absolutely sure; heart of producing sec-
tion. Drilling; be in oil sands in 15 days.
Small amount treasury stock. 60c. Write for
prospectus or. call. 393 Parrott bid;., S. ' F.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT. «
1 COLUSA CONSOLIDATED OIL and REFIN-
ING CO.— Owns 4414 acres 8 miles west of Ar-
buckle, Colusa County, ' in the heart of the oil
district. Parafflne base oil. • Limited amount of
stock at 25c; SO, COO shares sold in 10 days. In-
formation and prospectus furnished.' Office 23
Montgomery street, entrance room 8. '
California Fortune Oil Co*
' . 80 acres Sunset, 80 acres McKlttrlck, 320 acres
In Conllnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Ltmited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished .on application to E. DEN-
ICKE, Secretary." room 614 Parrott bldg, S. F.
DIRECTORY OF^EPUTABLE OIL COMPANIES
Stock 30c. Inter Nos OH & Development Co.
stock 25c. Lands In Monterey and Kern coun-
ties. Prospectus and Information at office of
MOSLETT3R & ALLEN, 665= and 560 Parrott
building, 8. F. ' ° '
MENT CO.
GREAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
In a company owning producing well. .
. . 20c Per Share. » „ • . . o ¦ . ¦' '
> Write '; or ; call • for Information. .;'
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 477 Parrott Building.
Investors' Assured : Stock
Lands in heart of Kern River Dlst.; owns 320
acres; 100,000 shares capital stock; limited
amount of .treasury Block .for sale at 75 cents.
Write or call for Information and prospectus.
CHAS. CONKLIN. 8eo. Genl. office, 667 Market.
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
JUANITA OIL CO. 1100 acres lands In McKlt-
trlck; Summer land. Los Angeles. Drilling t wells,
G more contracted for; 100.000 shares selling at 5e.
Absolutely non-assessable. Price advances to
10c per share March i 15. Asphaltum for sale,
any auantlty, by contract. Prospectus and
maps i furnished > by W. M. : RICHARDS, Vice
President, 6SS Market St., Ban Francisco.
STRUCK OIL at 21)0 feet within 900 feet of
our property. We have a ( few shares left j at
25 cents per share. ¦ Capital 100,000 shares at Jl
each. . Machinery ready to drill. DEY CRUDE
OIL CO., TCfom «, 'eighth floor. Mills bldgr..' ,
Dey Crude Oil Company.
NAPA AND BERRYESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. S; patent-
ed land in Napa County. where tha finest lubri-
cating oil In . California Is found; stock at to
cents; prospectus furnished. '570 and 671 Parrott
bulldlnr, San Francisco. * ¦
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
M^SSSSS^^^Sh _tfaSj$tr^% B HBJ 2 "____t
__trt£&£d___r Bfcs^3n w *wj',»
SIOK HEAIAGHi
FoalttTOly cored by these
XJttle Pills.
the? also relieve Distress fitnn DTipe^rfa,
t adlgestJcn and Too Hearty Eating. A per>
feet remady fer Dizziness, Nausea, Draws*,
ness, Bad Taste fn tbe Mouth, Coated Tcn^uo
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely VegetaMeT; >.•
Smail Pin. Small Dose.
_
Consult me before purchasing stock and
I will put you
RIGHT.
JAS. R. T. MERSHOX.
B37-53S-539-530 Parrott Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
Member of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
Ticker from both exchanges in our office.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS li
\ - . ¦
Proven territory, on line ot railroad, tor
*ale. Splendid chance for tfiose about to
'form an oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
HEX & SOMES (S. C. MASON, asent).
101 Chronicle bid?.. San Francisco. /
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
' IN THE VAULTS OB* THE
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST $5.00 PER YEAR
(And Upward).
WHY THEN WORRY OVER THE SAFE
KEEPING OF YOUTR VALUABLES
AND IMPORT ANT. PAPER3.
Corner California and Montgomery Streets.
DAI fiPC Thtoe hotels pos-'
I ALfiljt sess 'he attribute j
that tpunsts and
Q Fl jl travelers appreciate
nilll ;', -^-central location',
RRAMI1 libcral
UllrtllU ment, modern ap-
nnTTI O pointments and
nUItU,
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
PATENTS^ 5
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS. 0
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.
Price SI a bottle; For sal* by dru^jrUts.* - •
A TnTJBSBEgNTS. ; ..
BELASCO AmnTHAlC8jfcf($p
_m3 1^^^^ |t^K, H \_m flrrj El 4 £t
'^^ . _wmt ctmuui
— —Phone South E33
TO-NIGHT AND ONLY 8 NTOHTS' MORE.
% MATINKE SATURDAY °and° SUNDAY.
Mammoth Production of Belasco and Fries*
/ Great Military Play,
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME
1 rod4ced Exactly as Seen at the Academy of
. \ Music, New York.
The ' Greatest tnd Most Elaborate Production
Ever Given In This City.
BETE THE GREAT CAVALRY CHARGE,
i WITH REAL HORSE3.
DDirCC I! Evenings..". ..10c. 15c, S5c. Me
rfiiVCO K Matinees.... 10c. 15c. So
.NEXT WEEK— "THE BLACK FLAG."
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL
TO=NiqHT!
THE AMATEURS
-AND A-
LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
•'i~,.= ° Telephone for Seats— Park 2J.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
'-' 16— DAYS— IS,
Commencing NEXT SATURDAY, March L
Performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. Dally.
NORRIS & ROWB'S
BIG, TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I see of dog the If ss I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson.
J00— PERFORMING ANIMALS-JM.
. The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Antyn^ilt
In the World.
Elephants, Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions. Poults.
Monkeys. Dogs. Ant Eaters and Zebus. ? -
First Time In This City of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
the Most Marvelous Animal Act in the World.
HERIt SETLKIl. the Famous German Animal
, Trainer and His Small Clown Elephant .
A Grand • Free Illuminated Street Parade Will
Be Given Friday Nigrht Naxt at 8
o'clock. Brinj the Children.
Seat sale open* at Pavilion Friday 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS.' *5c; CHILDREN. lOo. •
RACING I RACING ! RACING !
1J0O-WINTER MEETING— 1801.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday,, Wednesday. Than*
day, Friday and Saturday. . Rain or shlna.
> Five or more races each day.
Races start at 1:15 p. m. sharp. '
Ferrjr-boata leave Ban Francisco at 1J m. and
13:30, 1, 1: JO. 2, 2:30 anil i p. m., connecting
with tralr.a stopplnr at tha entrance to th«
track, i Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their eecorta ; no smokinar. Buy your
ferry ' tickets - to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole oonneot with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol* con-
nect with San Pablo avenue oars at Fourteenth
and -> Broadway, Oakland. ' Thes* electrlo cars
Co direct to the track In fifteen minutes. ¦ - ¦
Returning*— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
- '.THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. , MILROY; Secretary.
> Stock non-assessable. • Lands In Monterey and
Ban Luis > Oblspo counties. Small amount of
stock now selling at 15c. Prospectus and Infor-
mation on application. NORMAL COMPANY,
264 Parrott building, S. F. ". ¦ • - .
NORMAL OIL COMPANY.
MATIXEES SATTRDAT AND SUNDAY
last roun xights. ' . ,v .
"What Happened
To Jones^:
__________ ¦'• 3 " ° : ° '..¦¦.¦..
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT "^VTEEK.
Augustln Daly's BrtlUaat Comedy,. '•>':
"COUNTir. SS, GUGKI"
SEATS— tSc. ZZd 35c. 60c.'.;;.', :V".
VAUDEVILLE'S PROMINENT
HEADUNERS! . :
ROBERT HILLIARD & CO.
KATHERINE BLOODGOOD.
JOHN LE HAT. THE BROTHERS BARDk
A. U GUILLE, DUMOND'S MIXSTREtit
AL AND MAMIE ANDERSON, KELCET
SISTERS. TIIE BIOGRAPU.
ReswM Poat.->. 2.V; Balcony. 10c; Oper»
Chairs and Box Seats. EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Faturday and Sunday.
THIS KVEN1XO I . AND ALL. WEEK.
Illlll III 1 Only Matinee Saturday.
"A Truly Beautiful Story. Well Told."
MR. W. E. NANKEVILLE PRESENTS
TilC VILLAGE 1 PRESENTED BT A !
n . i, rf i»T ,. CLEVER COMPANY
PARSON. I OFPLATER3. |
A play that is filled with Intense human In-
terest. Beautifully staged.
EVENING.." 25c. KOc and 73c.
MATINEE S5c and OOc.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, March 3.
LEWIS MORRISON' 8 Magnificent Produc-
tion of
CAIICT company and Production
r n%J^ M Direct From New York.
Phone South 770.
* Vr-l^IVllWJl MAT. SAT DAY ONL.T.
1 THE BEST. GRANDEST, BIGGEST!
2VI G FIKI D GREATER
t\*-* Ui riLJl^Ui MINSTRELS.
BO— PEOPLE-iiALL ARTISTS-5O .
SEE— The Novel Street Parade, Dally 11 a. m.|
Open-Alr Concert. Alh.-imbra Entrance..
EVENING 0 ..,.....^.. 25c. 3.%o. ROc and T5«.
MATINEE. .i ;..,.13c. 25c. 3So and SOa.
SPECfAL—CALIFOHNf A THEATER.
Next Sunday Evenlnc. March M— LE^ATS
MORRISON'S Magnificent Production of .'
P 1_ I IC"'T T ---Conii>any and Production
* f\.\J^ 1 ...Direct From Xew Y>jrk. .
*TIVpO*
EVENINGS AT 1 MATINEE SATURDAY
„ JLT f. ' • •
YOU ARE NOT IX THE SWI3I IB* TOTJ
FAIL TO SEE THE OPERATIC HIT, •
WIZARD
% E N1LEJ
* KERRIS HARTMAS as * THE WIZARD.
"HOOT MON" WHELAN as THE KIN.Q.
j _____ .,•'¦. •
POPULAR PRICES .S and 50 e*nt» .
Telephone— Bosh 9.
f^Ai Ili^lSflA SA1 FBWCISCO'S
VULUBflDSfl LEASI.-t'G THEATRE
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders accepted.
SEATS NOW READY for tha
LASrT /2 PERFORMANCES'
Only Appearances Hera of
MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
¦ After Her London Triumph, ." • .
,/, as _z,i\_z,i\ in ;. :
DAVTD BELASCCS P1.AT '
Mrs. Carter, by Special Request, Will Play aa
MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES W. $1 50. «1. 73o and BOo
Coming— D« Koven & Smith's "THE .HIGH-
WAYMAN." ,
QRAND* OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT and SUNDAY. ' •
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of tha FavorlU
. ; Romantic Actor, «" • , • ••
MR. HO WA RD HA LL,
In the Drama of. His Own Composition. ¦
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
A Striking Incident of the Piece Will E« Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den of Lions to
Secure a Lady's Glove.
PRICES— 10c. 13c. 23c. 50c
. A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, T5o.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 2Sc. . .
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM.
MONDAY — "AROUND THE WORLD HI
EIGHTY DAYS."
OLYMri A<S£« lo.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
fN THE CITY. .-->
williaivTde boe,
, Presenting a Novel Aerial Joggling Act.
; mabelTTudson,
In Up-to-Data Sonsra. " ' •
QUERITAlflNCENT,
Bmglng Character Songs and Presenting New
Dances.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
i'jti MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AilATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.—
ADMISSION FREE. fim
' THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB, \
¦••'¦ * TANFORAN' PARK. I ' •'•
Coatlnueoa Badne. Beginning Monday, Febru-
ary 11. 1301.
•>¦•• :> '+h
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six State Events. Three Hurdle Races ami Six
• Steeplechases. .,. : . .- ( ¦ v; .;
FIRST RACE OP THE DAY AT I:ffl P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40, UM «, m.. 1J:*), t,
1:J) and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:13 p. m.. followed after
the last raca at' Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats la rear cars reserved for
ladles ami their escorts. Admission to cours*.
Including railroad fare. II Z5.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary. °
EDWARD POWERS. Racing Secretary.
HENSCHELS.
METROPOLIT.VN TEMPLE.
TO-DAY at 3:15 o'clock.
FTQrHFR'C: CONCERT HOUSE.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. Antonio and Oca-
chlta Martinea. The Leonts. Roitco and Sims.
Ruth.Nelta. Oertl« Amaell and Hlnrtchs' Or-
chestra. Reserrtd Beats. !5o. Matinee Bundar.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Yea? *
SAUNAS OIL AKD DEVELOPMENTS
.-. 1SS0 ACRES IN MOtlTBRET COUNTT. •
Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at 18c per share. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B. OXjSEN,
Secretary, B74 Parrott building, San Francisco.
ZAnds ' in heart of McKlttrlok District, ad-
joinlnar large producing wells. ' Small block of
stock for sale.; Prospectus and information fur-
nished r at room < 60S 8&f 0 - Deposit Bui Id Ing, MS
Montgomery st. y^_^_*_^i_tl9S0BKS^Kt~md^S
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
EL MEDIAOIL CO..
Safe Deposit Building, '328 Montgomery
street, San Francisco,* Cal.
Small block of "stock at 15c; price will
be advanced to 25c March 1 on all that
may be left. If you want a ground floor
proposition where the company mean
business, here it is.-; ; ; . „•* . ,
Prospectus and- information^hirnished
on application. . -'•- ' • •.
ELMEDLtfllL CO.
LANDS AT McRlTTHICK. *
ONLY 4 DAYS MORE
* ADVEST1SEKEENTS. '
NOTHING EQUALS \T.
For tli« Chlre.^of Catarrh.
A physician now mired frpm praeUce.
but who fctlll keeps ahreaat of th*» tlmea
in speaking cf the bdvajire ma<ie In med-
icine In the last ten- years 'nays: •"One of
the most obstinate . raid baffling' diseapes
is the very -common trouble, catarrh ••
"NasaJ catarrh Is only- on« of Its many
forms; catarrh cf the throat, catarrh of
tho Btomach, bowels, liver and bladder
are very common, but th» sufferer usually
thinks It Is something .else than catarrh
and la treated. for the wrong 1 disease. ' * '
"The best and most successful treatment
for any form of catarrh is now 'admltteil
to bo by Internal remedies through the
stomach, and the safest and probably the ,
most efficient is In the tablet form, sold
ty druggists aa Stuart's' Catarrh Tablets.
"I have seen many remarkable cures of
catarrh resulting from -regular dally use
of the>«e tablets, which seem to act on
the Wood and liver, driving the catarrhat
poison out of the .system through tho nat-
ure 1 channels.
"I once had occasion %o analyze these
tablets and found. them to contain no co-
caine nor opiates, but simply a combina-
tion of harmless antisepf*:s like Eucalyp-
tal; Guaiacol. blood root, etc. . .
."'At any rate. I have known of severe ca-
tarrhal headaches which were -cured by
Smart's Catarrh Tablets, and catarrhal
'.rtfafness, hay fever." asthma and catarrh
of the throat and Btcmadh speedily show
great benefit after a' few days' use of
the remedy, and when it Is remembered
how much more convenient 'a tablet Is
than inhalers, douches, salves and pow-
ders it is not surprising that this new
preparation should so rapidly, supplant all
other remedies for catarrh/*
'. 0% _"•_ . _ : ° - ADVEBTISS3M3SUTS. \ .
The Dabney Oil Company
' : o- ; OF McKITTRICK (Incorporated),
;. ,, Has Opened Gfiices in This City at 330 Pine Street, Rooms 5 and 6.
The Dabney Oil Company has now Ten Producing Wells. Will complete
•• ; \ r X two more this month, and two in March.
Will Pay a Dividend' April fst.
owns the famous DABNEY GUSHER I
X v 16 SELLING OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS. S ,,. o
Offers a Limited Number of Shares of Its, Stock. at. «
— — — —ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE 1
¦ \y A GUt-Edged Investment. ; °f .'\
. Will pay not less than I per cent per month in dividends on and after April
I, :qoi. Can you do better? „ ,°
,' CALL OR MODRESS >.
DABNEY OIL COMPANY, 330 Pine Street,
roo/vi s.
For information and terms for OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS, apply at the office.
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CX).— Lands la San
Benlto County. Email block of treasury stock
for sale, * tl. • Prospectus on application and ln-
formatloa. furnished at s office of A. KINQ3-
BUBT. £6S Parrott Bulldlnr. . Saa Francisco.
ESMERALDA
THE WELLINGTON
*¦'..,'« OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND. :
Control* -440 acres, v Art 'drilling. Borne stock
Is being sold at eOo per share. Information and
prospectus I furnished ¦ on • acsllcatlon. •• No. ¦ t.
Second Floor. Mills Bulldtnr, . Ban Francisco. -
133 POWELL STREET. °
ADVKBTISEMENTS. '
The Acquisition of Teeth
Means the acquisition of Rood look*.
Our. teeth on plates so closely imitate
Nature . that - detection is -'impossible.
They permit the wearer to speak - and
masticate with perfect freedom. ; They,
restore the mouth to its : natural 'shape.
These teeth are mechanically perfec:,
and will last for at least fifteen^ years.. •
FULL SETS $5.00. Credit if desired.
Chalmers Dental Co.,The precrur* has risen slowly over the Pa
clfle Coast. ' An area of high pressure extends
from the Hooky Mour.tainr to the coast.
The temperature c-jnwnues warm over the
southern half of the coast and has risen 8 or
in degrees in Southern California. In the great
valleys cf California the temperatures are from
i: to 14 degrees iibove. ;he normal, while along
the coast from f-'sn KratScisco to San Diego the
if-ir.peratures are from :t to 18 degi'ees warmer
than usual. .'
The river* are falHi* slowly owing to the
continued melting of the enow In the moun
tains. .At Facrament-> the river Is 27.7 and
failing, at-Cclusa 24.S and falling slowly, at
Bed Bluff 13.0 feet and falling. *
Forecast mede at Jiau Francisco for thirty
hours encing midnight. February 2ft. 1&0L
Northern California— Fair Thursday, -cloudy
at r.ight. with for along the *oast; cooler
light northerly, changing to fresh' westerly
winds. . • " . . ¦ - .
Southern California— Fa,lr «Thtirsday: light
rortherly winds. — ' ,,'. ¦ ' • c .
Nevada— Fair Thur*3ay. cooler. . • 0
Utah— Fair Thursday; cooler. . ".
Arizona— Fair Thur«Hl£y; . " . ' ; '-,- " ¦ ¦ .
Ban Franciiwo an-1 v:cinlty— Fair Thursday
cioudy at night; r-or,le.r; light -northerly, chang
ing to fresh mattrly winds.
ALEXANDER G. -McADIe!
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
Pan Francisco data— Maximum' temperature,
72; minimum. C4; fhcan, €8. ' I ? * ¦'
WEATHER INDICATIONS AND GENERAL'
NEW- TORK. Feb. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
9967: exports, 19.S30; market quiet and eafly.
WHEAT— Receipts, 414,000 bushels; exports,
323,826 bUshels. Sppt, fairly active and steady;
No.".2red/ S0 l ,4c f. o'.-b. afloat; No. J red, 79c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87t£c f. q. b.
afloat; No: 1 hard Duluth. 91V»c f. «. b. afloat.'
Options opened? easy under satisfactory cables,
and further declined on general liquidation and
selling, for short account, but rallied oa larger
export< business, which caused covering, and
closed at He net decline. March 78%@79 3-16c,
closed 79V»c; May closed 80c; July closed 79V4c.
HOPS— Quiet." <
HIDES— Steady. :
WOOL— Quiet. '
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice. 7%e;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@SVic. Futures closed
firm, JiiglO points lower. Total sales, 64,000 baga.
March. $5 90; May. $6 20; July. $6 10@6 25; No
vember $5 2S; December, $6 40@$6 45.
. SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady: refining.
3 11-16c; Centrifugal. 96 test. 4 3-16c; Molasses
Sugar. 3 7-1%. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 60CO packages ; market
steady. Fresh "creamery. 17®24c; June cream-,
ery. 15i?i20Uc; factory, 11® 15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7400; market weak.- Western
at mark, li'/^rfilT^ic; Southern at mark, 17@l"Uc.
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
¦'-': Exchange and Bullion. ; , ; ;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — J $4 So«4
Sterling Exchange, sight o — • «• . 4 88H
Sterling Cables — ' 4 89^4
New York Exchange, sight — " 17H
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — , 22^4
Silver. i>er ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ SI
Wheat and Other Grains.
' WHEAT— Liverpool and'. Paris were lower.
New Tork was off and Chicago was a' shade
lower on weak cables and weak corn. There
was continued liquidation and some short sell
ing. Fifteen boat loads were talfen for export.
Minneapolis reported cash wheat very ' strong,
with millers good buyers. Broomhal! cabled
that continued complaints of the German crop
were giving some support to the Berlin mar
ket, but they were vague and indefinite. The
large amount afloat is a bearish factor.
The local market Is neglected and unchanged.
/ Spot Wheat-Shipping, S5c; milling. 37H@
|1 02V4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. -/ °<>
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — Decembei —
4000 ctls. $104; 2000, |1 Oltt. May-12.000, 9S%C.
Pecond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — I0CO ctls,
99}ic.
Afternoon Session— 12,000 ctls, 93Hc; 12,000.
99^c. . '* : * '
BARLEY— The demand continues insignifi
cant and prices show no change whatever.
Feed. 72^c for choice bright. 70@71Uc for No.
1 and 67Hc for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades.' 75@80c r Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
' Second 1 Session— No sales. ,
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon . Session — No sales..- • . .--
OATS — Commission merchants and other sell
ers continue to complain of the dullness • of
the market. '
White, $1253145: Surprise, nominal; Red,
$125@140 for. Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
•Gray., nominal; Black, for feed, $1 17ft®l 20;
for seed, $1 25if?l 30 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow, $1 12V4@1 15; White. $1 15;
Eastern mixed. $1 1214 per ctl. "
RYE — 82V4«?83c per ; ctl. . . ',
BUCKWHEAT— Quotations are nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.. .
FLOUR— California Family. Extjas, $3 23®
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1593 25;
Oregon, $2 75® 2 S5 per - barrel . for family and
$2 75® 3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 73
©3. ' .'¦ V ' ' " ..•¦¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: .Graham
Flour. $3 per. 100 lbs; Rye Flour, '$2 75: Rye .
Meal. $2 60: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. %Z 75; ¦
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Horn-,
ltiy. $3JC(g375; Buckwheat Flour, ,$4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $4 50; .Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
@7 60; in sacks,. $5 75O7 25; Fearl Barley,, $i;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedsttlffs.
Bran Is reported quieter at unchanged prices.
There Is nothing new In Hay.- '- ¦-¦~T' ; .
BRAN— $16017 per ton/' r
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@16 M per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026: Jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake; $17@18: Corn'Meal, $25®
25 50: Cracked v Corn. $25 50@26; Mixed Feed.
?15(gl6. • - - .. ..-¦..-- -. - - . • ,
HAY— Volunteer, $3ff8: Wheat, $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12: Oat. $9@11 50: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8<S9 60; Barley, $7 50S9 50 per ton. •
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. . '- , . ••
Beans and Seeds. . ,
, Previous quotations rule, with a continued
dull .market.
BEANS-Bayos, |2 50@2 75; Small White. $4 60
64 90; Large White? $404 25;' Pink, $2 15@2 38;
Red, $3@3 50; Blackeye, $3@3 25; ' Lima?, $5 60®
5 70;, Pea, cleaned, up and nominal ;. Red Kld
rey,'$375S4 per^cti: , , . : K *
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 E0@3;t Canary;: 3V4®
3%c for Eastern;. Alfalfa. 7H@8^Jc for Califor
nia and 9i&9%<» for Utah;. Rape.- 2®2Hc; Hemp,
S^c;- Timothy, 6>4c "• '
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $2®2 50; Green, $.2 708
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. •¦ . ¦ ¦:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. <
' The feeling In." Onions continues easy, with
Increased " "receipts. There -is no particular
change In Potatoes. " - '.
Vegetables are rather weak than otherwise,
and there* is a .slight tendency; downward.
¦ Receipts were- 70 boxes of Asparagus and 65
boxes of Rhubarb. ' / '
POTATOES— Early ; Rose,*, 65@75c; Burbanks,
S5@60c for River, $1@1 20 - per, ctl for Salinas
and EOc«J$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles from
Oregon, 65®73c; Sweets, -75c@$l forMerced.
•ONIONS— $4 ®4 25- per- ctl;-. Cut Onions,- $2
@3 per ctl; Australians are held, at 5c.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 6@Sc; Asparagun,
10@13c • fcr . No. 1' and 6®9c per ; lb for : No. ¦ 2 ;
Green Peas,- 3B8e for .Los 1 Angeles and 5@9c
for Bay;t String , Beans. .. 5<?12<>4c: Cabbage. . $i;
Tomatoes. ;Lo« Angeles,* 60c® $1 75 ner -crate;
from Mexico, J1Q1 £0 per crate) Egg Plant, Los
The following are the seasonal rainfalls , to
Cate. as compared with . those of o the «ame
date last season and .rainfall 'in the ; last twen
ty-four hours: . '¦.'.:
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27-5 p. m.
Otfith. Meriaiai^Paclfic Time.)
Weather Report.
¦Tfc'.s.'.l not a vej->- hci^-fui situation: it is
at leaFt one that calls fcr great tact and skill
cf rcansqi'raer.t. On the one side are immense
fTeculanve holdiftcs T.f stock*, for which hold
«tf weuld be-eiaii to set current prices, and
y*t dSstrnstlnp their, ability to do so.. On the
i-ther'-eide there are 'deals' in process lnvolv
i:ig. transfers of htindr^it. of millions of Fecuti
ties. the succen.of which Is largely dependent
on the ability of the sy>erulators to carry their
lr-a<5s or to grt rid of them without a sever*
in , rrlces. ' Th>s». two sets of interests
are mutually <!er*nd'»nt on each other's for
h>«-arance enfl fjpport; and yet it Is to the
mar.ife«t Interest- 'of ¦ earb "-large speculator or
clique to slip, out of the . market and leave
rreryteOr ci« tojbok alter his own. affairs in
his own way. 'AH this, loo," In the face of an
unj-.ropttious money market and with the banks
by no ireans desirous cf encouraging the ex
isting inflaticr, and general overstrain In the
market for eeru'rities. The longer such a situa
tion exists and 'is locked at the more certain
¦it is to ¦CT^i.if a nervous ' market and to-en
tourage realizing;. It is -undoubtedly true that,
between the stupendous- 'deals' and' the mag
nitude' of the tpeculatlve boom.- Wall street
If overburdened . with inflated commitments.
end any unforeseen spark. of alarm from any
quarter might easily excite : caution among
money .. lenders, ' -with ,' very unwelcome conse
quencee.". .•¦.•--¦ -. .
"The verj" exc-«?r'tionauy iow. condition of the
r>ar.k reserves for this <"a£on cf the year, with
ro pocitire assurance. of ~£n early Increase of
ca? r.fur.as, while -It may not produce any gen
eral cr very positive 3b.'courapement. does hold
."bull; operators In-check and induce postpone
ir.pntf of fcuymp.- Aaaor.fj certain. cliques there
if fiill a strcng undertone of expectancy, more
<iuali3ed by moderati <n. however. ¦; than has
t*en the case in th2 earlier stages of the
boom. Jr.deed.' .it. Is - doubtful whether the
larger pr9Jf»*i^nal operators ' are , calculating
upca eny' further tiiat?rlal advance in prices
frr '.the present..' ..Tiif. more pnjdent would
probably be fully eat lulled with a market that
would enable them : to get out of their very
lfcrge holdings ct about current . figures: and
!t will not be "fcurprising If they are found to
be now quietly actirs . on that; policy.- They
car.not an*cr<l to stand still in the presence of
successive lapses In priips and spells of com
parative .-dullness.' ani must . either diminish
their load ty «elllng. or increase It in the face
ot uncertain- conditions and when: prices are
alrr-ady " unprecedcr.t-edly high. And yet it is
no *asy matter . to r*-alize on ' any liberal
emnunrs cf etcick without {.reducing a nervous
condition -of the 'market and raiding a rush to
fpl! that might play havee with 'bull' interests.
That.', however, is not a course trf affairs that
The rr.ar.aeers of •dealj" desire;- they need
money f^r cor.summatirs their plans and above
eil desire the rr.sir.tf-r.ance of a general buoy
ancy ir. the racks cf ejaculation.
The New Tcrk rlreui.ir of Henry Clews says:
••<">» imc to a variety of causes the drift of the
»=tf"-k market during tl:o past week has been
reactionary. Last FaiurJ&y's statement of the
afycclETed banks wai S3 unexpectedly un
favorable that it proJ-jwd a cautionary effect
— the mere ed t,f cause the mood of the stock
market was not ranculne enough to make
rj*culative holders 'ndifferpnt to the aspects
cf the money market. The sensitiveness of
tr.crey was af»> aggravated by the uncertainty
as to whether ton:e crnsMerab!? loans might
not b<- r.eedf-d fcr cotitummatlng the billljn
dollar fctc-rl and lrcn cer.ibir.ation.
"Also the market has »h.-Ved plain indica
tions of tir«*<3n«"ss in the. speculative depart
ir.T.t. Exrx-rie-ncetl Operafpn have been on^he
lookout t,< r this .'f!'n!j,'.'.rai ef a coming yield
ing in the high tesstcd tr> which, the. market
K. • f 6' lfTit Ix-en' subject : and the more cau
tirxjs hol<!«?i-s -hav«" l«>'.;i fr^e sellers on, the ap
pearance of this sign of coming reaction. The
market Is to much Dnderjtfac Influence of con
flicting currents ar.-i ur.-ortain factors that the
cliques are t^onting Jer.s aggressive and are
putting . themerivM! on tne . defensive. The
vacijlttlon ' in jricesc? pertain stocks which
have -.been unfier .'vigorous manipulation vlainly
¦indicate* a' crowing disposition to take in. sail,
AX least . temporarily.-.-'; ¦ ' ." -.. • -.' .
New York Stcck Market.
TVKLL- KNOWN FINANCIER SPECU
LATES UPON ITS NEAR FUTURE.
CHICAGO, Feb. 27.— February Is down on the
wheat speculator's calendar as a bear month,
and possibly a desire to support this allega
tion moved the bear contingent to accept easy
cables and rofee-c_'.ored Kansas crop tidings
es sufficiently Important factors to justify let
ting out short lines. May opened at '76%@76%c,
a ehade under yesterday. Wheat came out on
a constantly increasing scale until May reached
73%@7J%c', where the market steadied and re
acted to 76c. on reports of a strong cash mar
ket at Minneapolis and- the engagement of four
loads of wheat for Lisbon. This advance failed
of support and the market dropped- back to
75V4c. Heavy seaboard clearances, and liberal
export pales caused moderate covering under
which the market reacted to 76Vtc and closed
steady at that figure. . %c under yesterday.
Corn opened easier under the Influence of the
better grading of the cereal received to-day.
The bears . asserted themselves and caused a
decline, ¦ ft::! the close was steady under cov
ering from the wheat strength. May left off
>£c lowur at 40-*)ic. ¦
' Oats were fairly active and followed corn
May closed- W®Uc- lower at 25',4c.
-Provisions were- quiet. The . market opened
eaay, but rallied later on a good outside de
mand. May pork closed 7^C higher, lard 2Wa
Gc down and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows*
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull'
No. 3 spring Wheat, 70@73Uc; No. 2 red, 74*ifj
76V4C No. 2 Corn 39c; No. 2 yellow. 39c.- No 2
Oats, 25Hc; No. 2 white. , 27%@27%c; No." 3
white, 25%c. No." 2 Rye, 50®53c. Fair to choice
malting -Barley, 48053c. ,No.\ 1' Northwestern
Flaxsped. $1 65. Prime Timothy Seed. 1 40.
Mess Pork, per barrel; ¦; $13 B5<014. ;• Lard.'* per 100
pounds, 17 42H«7 45. ¦-• Short' Ribs sides.' loose. $7
©7 00. Dry- salted Shoulders, boxed, 6\iiS6Mc.
to the speculative world, as it was hoped that
when the doubts and uncertainties attending
the period of negotiations were cleared up and
the great consolidation of control fully as
fured prices of the securities would reflect the
heped-for advantages to the owners cf the
properties. There was large trading again In i
the stocks -of the group to-day, but It was In i
larpre l«irt. on arbitrage operations from one j
stock to another. The discrepancy in the |
prices of the stocks and their privileges of con
version into the stock of the United States J
Steel Corporation forms the basts of these i
operations. Th^y conrlat In the purchase of i
such m?mbeis of the ijroup as are proportion- j
ately low and the sir.iultar.eou!> *ale against
these purchases of stock* which are high. The '
natural tendency of these operations Is to !
bring the price* of the various stocks to a '
basis consistent with their relative claims for
th» new stock. For the purpose of accom
modating these arbitrage operators there were
also dealings en the curb In contracts to 'de
liver when issued th* new United States Steel-
Corporation stock. The common stock demand- '
ed 40 1 * at one time this morning and the pre- I
f erred S4H. but before the close the quotation I
for the common.flwk had receded to below!
3* and .that for the -preferred -to about --$2. The'
transactions amounted to only a. few thousand i
fhareS, but the quotations were accepted on!
the Stock Exchange as •«. basis of -operations, j
These securities are expected to' be listed liiu
matfly on the Stock . Exchange;' but It Is not, I
unusual that securities so transferred from the-f
curb to the exchanc* ' i»H -.lower -after the
change.-,- An example li. that cf.. the Union Pa
cific convertible i per -cent : 'bonds -Issued to.)
provide for the 'Southern Pacific.- purchase.,
which j<cld- in. th*," unlisted "department of the !
exchanjre fcr the first time, to-day, over 2 1
points -.-below.." the-, oaiside. aubtatlons. The
ftr«-r.pth of, St." Paul- -i.o-day-was accompanied i
By assertions that.. the. dividend will certainly I
be Increased* at the apy.'roachlhg.meeting. The
movement of Su£a.r sW attributed to reports
that the lr.-.port. duty" on Culian raw sugar is
to be remitted. ..The '"money market continued!
ea«y to-day.' ¦ .-- ,"--,".*; ¦'¦ -'- - ; j -'...
Bonds became -somyw hat Irregular on a fair
volume of deallnes.- •"Total sales. J2.860.000.
United . States new". is advanced «, and the
refunding Is .% per. cent .on- the last call.
T ¦-' '•¦.• NEW.YORVsTOCk LisTi : V
$*£* "c '¦ , ' : - ' :":i>* ' ¦'•¦• : ' '•• " "Closing
bold. . Etock— •• - •. • '¦ •' '-.... .'•- - •' \i ; Bid
4.7CO . Atchison .i . .'. 1 i. ..i.-i;-. .'. .'; ¦;.'. ' . 66H
S.400 .Atchison Drefd ."..i. ;.-.:..".. . ' sjiZ
3.200 .-¦ Baltimore & Ohio.;...:..:... j<3
'-. Canadiin l'acitic'.'.-,.;....-l.'.'... 90%
2>O -Canada SouUwrn".. .'.„..': £6%
2.C00 VhesaKake . & . Ohio... '...,; 'i'.i «U
:•«> -Chlc-aso-' cjreat; Western. '.,:.. .'.., ISH
lO.COO' j.'h.cag-o, Huriington & Qiilncy 144%
,iO,90v> v'hicago.. Ir.d. &. Louisville , 3l» t
2,1CX» Chicago. -Ind & Louisville, prefd... ,. CS
•100. Chicago '& Eastern Illinois.'..... 106% 1
.100 ,Cliipagd. &¦ North western....'. 172 I
'.6;Ct»0 Chicago,. Rock Island & Pacific 123% i
.. . 4f,0' C C C& St Louis : 75
. 2,!<H)' Colorado Southern S4
•. ' SCO ¦ Colorado Southern 1st prefd..; 42%
- T«0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd. 18
3.1C0; Delaware & Hudson 164%
-.'•.:¦;.. Delaware, Lack & Western: 1S3%
.200. Ueaver & Rio Grande. :....::...:.,... 39
—v...-. Denver &• Rio Grande r«refd..:..:... S6 7 i
¦ ,4.€00- -Erie *....i'..*'.-:. .-.'.I.. ...... 27U
2.3H0 Jirie 1st prefd. ...,..../.;..:... ........'.' 63^1
' 2.000 Great Northern pref d i'i. .'. . ....';.,.. ..194'i |
>..:.-.-:-.'-Hookfng- Coal.':...., ..•.:;„;'..'.¦;:.•.;.... 15'-i '
;-: U« Hocking Valley ,:..'"...L .-..-..:..... 441*
'. • SW. Illinois Central ..-..,. : ._.-...m'
/ ¦ .UK). Iowa Central .... .....^.-vl. .-:... . 'sai
¦ -.400".. Iowa- Central prefd.. ...'.. ,/.' :v ,"..'.Viv,v:. 53'
-.'..'•. '... : -'Lake. Erie &. -Western'.. ..£i.\z. '.'.;¦'.. 41^
'.:'.:.'.: -:Lake'-Erj.e & Western •preld..;.'.'....lll
i....«. ' -Lake-Shore .-:.• :,.:.".:. .210 '
-5,200 -Louisville "& Nashville : ;/. ;-. 92x4
; JO.&00 'Manhattan Elevated- '.';....„... 117
• . 4.3'3O- Metrppolltari . t-treet Railway. ..'.... .160%
• 1.2UV Mexican Central , 17 .
. .1,'jOO .Minneapolis & St Louis..:. .".i. ...... 77*4
. 5,500 Missouri Pacific ¦„';.".„...¦.•.; ,....'Sfs>\
' : Mobile & Ohio....::. ..•............•..•.;. 7514
¦-. "U/O .'¦.Missouri, Kansas. & Texas". .Vl:'...-...: 20 1 *
.1,000 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.:;. 53. :
• -2; 20*: New Jersey Central. ,.:. ,..:.-..U5
.-. SCO New York Central'... -;.Y I..-: .143^4
'.". 1.5UQ .Norfolk & Western:... '. ;'..::.';.. 45%
•...-...:.. Norfolk & Western prefd...;..... £2»i
• 13;2O0 Northern Pacific ¦....¦ „.. $3^
. 2,100 Northern Pacific prefd.- 1. SI 1 ,*
¦ ' 1,000 -Ontario & Western.. ,. Zl\i
'.. Oregon Railroad & Navigation !. 42
". Oregon Railroad & Nav- prefd 76
8,400 Pennsylvania Hi 7 *
-6,500" Reading .= 3011
"2,400- Heading 1st prefd 70*4
'3.2C0- Reading 2d. prefd ' 40->^
.'....'.. -Kio Grande Western 65
.- Rio Grande Western prefd 93
3.300 St Louis & San Francisco 35*4
. 100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd Sl^
3W St Louis&San Fran 2d prefd...... 63^4
"1.E.MV Pt Louis, Southwestern 2»'
'l.WO- St Jxiuls, Southwestern prefd.., 551*
125,0)0 Ft Paul { i^L,
-. 1*00 St I"aul prefd.'. '. j^i,.
St Paul & Omaha ......l"6
' 5.C00 Southern Pacific 4374
53.100 Southern Railway ;<u
6.3C0 Southern Railway prefd -. 77V;
7,7C>0 Texas & Pacific •>£•'.
C 30,f-00 Union Pacific
6.3(0 Union Pacific prefd S3U
: 1.000 Wabash 167,,
S/)00 WabasK prefd -> 9 i"
300 Wheeling & L E 14
200 Wheeling & L. E 2d prefd.... 30
1 400 Wisconsin Central ..„ 1514
100 Third Avenue 119
° 700 Baltimore. & Ohio prefd ,..'... 83»i
1 9,300 National Tube 55
947 National Tube prefd 101
< Express Companies—
Adams 150
American , igj
: United States ; -.
Wells-Fargo ; .....13S
MlscellEPoous— .
•600 American Cotton Oil 2SU'
American Cotton Oil prefd '. 85 '•"
. 100 American Malting 474
....... American Malting prefd 24
20,900 American Smelting & Refng 4314'
• 5,291 American Smelting & Refng prefd 9Hi
American Spirits 2
...*.,.. American Spirits prefd 17
37,900 American Steel Hoop 36
5,200 American Steel Hoop preiu.... '"" sm
40.400 American Steel A. Wire 40W
6.900 American Steel & Wire prefd * 9514
8.000 American Tin Plate ; ' «3
5,500 American Tin Plate prefd *100tt
79,900 American Tobacco-..; II! 120%
....:.. American Tobacco prefd .........I..140
Anaconda* Mining Co ' 44%
26.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '..'" 74%
. 2,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron..."."...... " 43*?
24.000 Continental Tobacco .'.".'.'II! 47^
2.640 Continental Tobacco prefd . ¦""''-*- o»i?
•18.800 Federal Steel "
SO0. Federal Steel prefd """ S7«
-60/iflO General Electric .; '..'.'." 213
400 Glucose Sugar .: '. JJi^fj? 45V4
100 Glucose Sugar prefd !!!!!!! 92
.; International Paper . -. "" 21U
• 2,100 International Paper prefd . 73
1,200 Laclede Gas 4?
\430 National Biscuit *"'" 33^
..National Biwjnit prefd ; oilf,
100 National Lead "*" ,3,"
S.200 NaUonal Lead prefd I'.""" &«iZ
2,600 National Steel .. SgJ?
100 National * Steel prefd......... """10a*
1,000 New York Air Brake ......:....' ' ; v 'ia
North American ??¦,
ai PacMlc Coast ... =. ......... ci-fr
Pacific Coast 1st prefd " ss
Pacific Coast 2d prefd .... !' ""-"V 2
500 Pacific Mail :.M II !.""•" 2S
11.900 People's Gas ""imv
6,'Aa Pressed Steel Car... »ii?
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd.... : ' 7^,*
300 Pullman Palace Car ......... : ,«\*
40« Standard Rope & Twine..., """»,,
182,700 Sugar .'/. u %£
I 100 Sugar prefd : "" I2l2
6.000 Ttnnwfee Coal & Iron £3
' 9.100 United States Leather .*"¦" i?,/
5,000 United States Leather prefd "" 7m?
4J0 United States. Rubber/......,!.;".'.'"" isu
1W United States Rubber praM cq*
a.400 Western . Union ......... * " r*i"-
I. *.7*> Amal Copper \^^^ gg
There was less _ activity on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, though sales were
fair. Oceanic sold at $62 50fJ61. Makawell was
lower at $43 and Spring Valley Wat«r .higher
at $94. • t '• » -
In the afternoon Makawell sjld % up to $43 M
and Honokaa to . i3Z 37«,i- Oceanic sold at
$61f60. .
On the morning session of, the oil ex-changes
the only change worthy of note was a decline
In Bear Flag to 25c. -
The only Important variation In the afternoon
was a decline in Junction to 6ic on tr*^ San
Francisco Exchange.
The following dividends are announced: Gas
and Electric. 33c, payable March 1; Giant Pow
der; 75c. March 11 ; . H onokaa. 30c. March 1:
Sacramento Electric, Gas and Railway. 15c,
March 1; Pacific Lighting, 30c, March S.
STOCK AND BOND <* EXCHANGE.
¦WEDNESDAY,'^ I"eb. T7— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES* BONDS.
B'd. Ask. I Bill. Ask.
U 8 4s coup..*.114 — U S 4s cpfnew) 137*13*%
Do 4s regr....llt 114V Do 3s coup. .Ill 111V
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. %>-.-
Bay. C P C 5s. 105% — Oak W Co 5s. — 101
Cal-st Cab -Bs.116% — Oceanic SS ES.106S107
C C Water 6s.lCS^ — Om C R 6s 123 —
E L A P 6s... 128 133^4 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
F & CI Ry 6s.. 114V4 - Pk & Cl R 6s.lO6 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — Pk A O R 6s\. — —
Haw C 6H«...108!4 — Powel-st R 6a.l20H —
Do 5s lOiVa — ISEOiRil.- 98H
L A R R 5s.. .112 112^13 F & SJV Ss.120% —
LALCo 6s.. — — S R of Cal 6s. 110 —
Do gntfl 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6S...112K113
Do icntd 5s.. — — S P C 6s (1905
L A P R 5S...101H102'! 1 Series A). 110*4 —
Markt-st C 6s. 126 — Do (SeriesB)llOii —
Do 1st c is. .124 — Do <13C6) 113H —
NCSGRIs- imii Do (1912) 122\ —
N R of Cal 6s. — 114% !S P C 1st g 5s.lO6H —
Do 5s 120«4 — 'S P Br R 6s. .132 —
N P C R R 6s. 101% — S V Water 6s.ll5»4 113%
Do 6s 108 109 Do 4s 104 - —
N C R R 5s...lll>41i:. Do 3d mt«r...lO3 —
OOL4H 5s. 113 — Stkn G & E 6slO3U —
Oak Tr Co 6s. 116% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 8s% 63%] Spring Valley. 94 tl%
Marin County. 52Vi — ', " , „ = =
GAS AND KLECTRIC STOCKS.- '
Cent I, & P... — ,•=.«¦ PiiLt Co..:.. — *itf
Equit Gas .... 3 ¦ 3% Sac *E A G R. — 40
Mut Elec LtU— " SH Q & E..,.. : 47% 47%
O G L & H.... — 43* San Francisco i% >*M
Pac Gas Imp.. — 45 iStktn ,G & E.. — M,
INSURANCE STOCKS. .,..' *". -*. -
Flrem's Fund. 230 250" |°.'. o V'--.
BANK STOCKS. ° • > '¦¦ '." '. '• i
Anglo-Cal C... 77 — ILon P & A. ...144 • 150- .
Bank of Cal.. 410% — Mer Ex (liq)-. 1* -. — *
Cal Safe Dep.lOt ICo'i S F National.. — 23 '
let N of S F.. — 31W -'" . ,° . , . . .• .
? , SAVINGS BANKS. •
German .i^.... — 1S50 ' Sav & Loan... -^ . — • '
Humboldt ' — — Security ..275' — >,.-'
Mutual ........ 50 — Union Trust... — ."-r-.;
S F Sav U;...612H— '¦- -'-¦:'. '¦¦ -.- .
'' ,,-" ., STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. " . ' •
Californla-sf.: — 1«> : IOSL4 H..V. 40 - — :
Geary-st ;.-.^:. 47%.— fPresldto 23- — • '
Marke,t-st/ .... 69H TO 1 -¦: ¦;•¦ •. • . '¦ • •;
. • ¦•¦'• * ;' "; ; ' powder STOcxa ¦ ; •" ' . •'
California .....150 «— IVlgorlt ...^... t%.V&
. Giant Con..... 83«4 83%| • •¦;• ' . ... '• .
. ., - -.SUGAR STOCKS. . \ V . -'•
Hana Plan.... 8% 8% KHauea ...;...; tl% 2J •
Haw Com 84 87% Makawell .....43% —
Honokaa 32% 32H Onomea 29% 30
Hutch S P..... 25 — Paaubau 33% 33%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A... — 125% Oceanic SS Co 59\ —
Cal Fruit Can. — 102 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.135 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 102% — Parff Paint Co 13% —
• ' Morning Session,,
Board— - : . " ¦>'
70 Cal Wine Assn 100 CO
500 Honokaa S Co .:. 33 00
• 200 Honokaa S Co ; 31 87%
675 Hutchinson S P Co 35 00
60 Kilauea S P Co :. 23 CO .
260 Makawell S Co 43 00
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 120 75
10 Oceanic S S Co ...; 1 62 50
125 Oceanic S S Co .'... 6100
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 106 50
$7000 Oceanic S S bonds.. 107 00
25 Onomea S Co 2» 25
540 Paauhau S P Co 33 CO
90 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 CO
110 Spring Valley Water 94 00
Street—
10 Market Street Railway ».* 70 CO
Afternoon Session. .- ';
Board— ° ° > i
10 Cal Wine Assn : '.. ji. J ..10O 00
100 Equitable Gas --. 3 12%
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s. ............. .105 50
225 Honokaa. S Co * 32 25
25 Honokaa S Co ,...%..?. 32 12%
10O Honokaa S Co .°. .'..-. 82 CO
10. Honokaa S Co .V. 32 37%
75 Hutchinson S P Co ......^. 25,00
150 Hutchinscn S P Co i 24 87%
GO Makawell S Co 43 25
ISO Makaweli S Co .43 50
$3000 N P C R R 5s JOS 25
75 Oceanic' S S Co 61 00
90 Oceanic S S Co 60 00
$2000 Oceanic S S Co bonds 106 75
10O Paauhau S P Co 33 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 33 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 GO
$300 U S 3s (coup) 11112%
Street— . ¦
ISO Hutchinson S P Co .'. 25 00
$2000 N P C K K 5s 10S 25
£0 Paauhau S P Co 33 00
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
. Board—
100 American N Fuel 27
100 American' Fuel .'—... 28
700 Bear Flag 25
1100 Cala-Standard 39
500 Four <b 10)... «, 60
1000 Gold Dollar 17
100 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River a -
1000 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River ¦ 20
1000 Independence (cash) 17"
100 Lion J t 20
10 Peerless ..:..-. ....'8 00 =
100 Peerless 7 ;'-:8 23
3100 Petroleum Center ..............'......... 15
111 Petroleum Center ...V • .14
25 Yukon ..........v •••'...«. 40
Street (Yesterday)— • .\ '.
! 900 Cala-Standard ....*. ...».¦...: '?* ¦
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30OBear Flag .: 15
50 Bear Flag ' xi
2400 Cala-Standard 40
200 Central Point Con -. \ gs
400 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River 20
10 Home 405
800 Junction 72
500 Lion (b 30) _. 21
3100 Lion 20
200 Monte Cristo 2 40
50 Peerless (b* 10) 82s
1000 Petroleum Center 15
400 Reed Crude ....»...-. eg
10O San Joaquln Oil & Dev .'.... 13 00
9<K» Superior 25
500 Superior 24
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
r. Board— - . 7;'- • -¦
1000 Cala-Standard .'.'.. »
1060 Four on Co.. .:;v:r.. "... 60
1 Hanford ............ j..... 103 00
5 Hanford ..........:... ..102 00
1500 Lion .". 20
100 Monarch of Arizona 63
2000 Petroleum Center 15
1500 Petroleum Center .' 14 .
Afternoon Session.
*'¦£ Board—
1400 Cala-Standard »
1000 Four Oil Co : 60
200 Gold Dollar S7
M0 Junction (s 90) .". «6
100 Junction (s 90) V 65
100 "Junction 70
10O Junction 69
1600 Petroleum Center 15
2000 Petroleum Center .......'. 14
150 Twenty-Eight .'........ 170
- Street— .,
2190 Four Oil JCo ........; «O
MINING STOCKS. r:
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock-and Exchange Board -yesterday:
v • \. Morning Session. '
500 Belcher ........ 13 300 Crown Point...' 12
500 Best & Belcher 23 6C0 Ophlr ........... 75
-100 Caledonia' 68 300 Sierra Nevada. 31
200 Chollar ©8 200 Utah , c«
400 Con- Cal & .Ya..l 75 100 Utah <)7
. , Afternoon Session.'
J400 Belcher 141 100 Con Cal & Va..l 70
200 Best & Belcher 22l 100 Utah ........... 07
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
• - Morning ' Session.
600 Bullion r ... '.*.....¦ ; C21 .100 Sierra - Nevada, tl
200 Con Cal & V.I 72%| 160 Sierra : Nevada. SO
"lOOOphlr 75: 200 Silver Hill 47
, . ¦,-,, ','¦¦ - Afternoon Session. '
• : 75 Belcher 141 5W Sierra Nevada. 30
300 Best & Belcher S3i 40O Silver Hill 49
lOOO Best & Belcher 23! SCO Union Con '23
300 Savage ......... 331 --~
Lv.isced Oil lozver. \'i '.-.•' ¦¦;"•;'] .: •'
Stiver, declined a fraction. Exchange as before. ¦¦ _¦'¦'-,
Wheat and other grains neglected and unchanged. .''./¦/ •-
Bran quieter. Hay market stands the same..: -¦ • , : ¦ . . ';''
Nothing 71CZC in Beans and Seeds. . _;¦ . ;- : ¦• .•¦;.-. ¦• : v-
Onions shew a zeeakening tendency. Potatoes unchanged.
Vegetables easing off. slightly.',:- • • ¦¦ = - '-. "; -.:
Butter jc lower. '.Eggs- and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry continues fink under moderate receipts. ¦¦. .'-.'
Game still arriving in bad condition.
Oranges getting demoralized under excessive supplies.
Lemons firm. Limes cleaned up.
Some Cranberries from the East on the market.
Dried Fruit dull,, with pressure to sell.
Lard advanced slightly: Bacon and Hams dull..
Hogs firm, with increased arrivals expected.
Oil stocks continue quiet.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
J-IVEHPOOL.
Wheat— March, May,
CH-enlntf ...^ ,.. 6 HV* fiH
ClpsUig .......................... Ml ¦ f> HTi
Whe*t— VeU. llay-Aug,
Oj-eni(i» 1» 5S 8>> W
iClostns ....",...',.'.¦... I9 60 80 60
Ofenins , ts 15 ti 20
Chic d go Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feh. 2T.~OATTLK-Repelpts, 17,
000: chole* steers ttronK; medium lower. «3ood
to prime »im>, >i «i-.-(ii; \hm>t to meillum. (3 40C
4 SO; etix'ker* anU foevtur^. U f5©4 50; oowi< fl W
m »; heifers, \i Ho^i 50; cannem, $;QS «0: bull*.
<i ivfl t li; ; i( Hr» ti<ij»; itvw fad hU-i-13, H'tl
4$O; sr.i-.hi-r-.. MSnJil; bulls, %i 504J3 50,
HOG&— lteoel|--t» K.-tlay, 4S,ft0O; to-rnorrow, 83.
000; left over. SWO; marKet generally I0o lowet;
top. $5 J5. Mlttd an>l Imtohers'. 15 S5|?S 50; Rood
to chitpe heavy, $& 15SS 5i; rough heavy. $5 30@
5 40; light. 5S5Q5 45; l.ulk of bales. $5 40(85 30.
tiltKKl' — ltrot'l|<ts, 14,000: aheep atrong; lambs
steady ta slaw. Opod to choice wethers. %i 2">"S
4T1; fair to choice' mixed, f3*5#4 23; Western
sheep. $4 25Q4 73; Texas sheep, J2 50«M 75; native"
latv.bs. J4tfi S*; -Western laniua.. $5^3 23.
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— Dullness prevailed In
all the American Iron markets to-day." Prices
were unchanced. In Knuland, however, the
market was \ve«k and a fraction lower. Tla
ruled \v«ak. closlni: at Hi W®26 75. Copper
continues dull; Lake. J17: casting. $16 62'i
Lead, very dull, tl 37*». tipeltpr. weak, but not
lower, closing at J3 SCJJ4.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— Cotton closed quiet.
Prices unchaneed to 1 point higher.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. IT.-Clearings, $213,
167; balances, $S3.545.
Northern*]]' heat Market.
y °-~ °'i OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 27.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 56c.,.
= ; • ' - WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 17.- WH EAT— Nominally un
changed^ blue stem, 57Vic; club, ,J5c.
/Foreign Markets. ,
LONDON. Feb. Z7.— Consols, 97V4: silver. \
IS l-16d; . French rentes. 102f 20c; cargoes on
passage, rather easier: cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 2!>s 4Hd; cargoes Walla Walla. 2Ss
Sd: English country markets, quiet and steady.
.LIVERPOOL. Feb. 27.— Wheat. Quiet: wheat
in Pans, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather In j
Kngland, cloudy and threatening.
•COTTON— Uplands, 5 9-Md. . U
:.¦¦-•.•¦¦"-.¦•*- closing. .-. ¦: '•->¦=•:
•¦¦- WHEAT— Spot— Dull. ¦• No. 1 California/ 6»
2d;No. 2 red Western winter, is llVid; No."l
Northern . epring, 6s 2V4d. Futures— Quiets-
March. 6s lid; May, 5s ll"id. , ' :.,..j
CORN— 5pct. quiet: American mixed new, 3s.
9*id; American mtxpd old. 3s lid. Futures'— '
Quiet. March. 3s 9d; May. 3s 9%d; July., 3s- :
9%d^; ;..;¦! ¦, • ____1T____ .. ¦ '•¦_•"•. "•• ";
SUMMARY CF THE. MARKETS.
FpceigH Futures,
WASHINGOTN. Feb. 27.— To-day's statement
cf the Treasury balances 'In the general fund,
exclusire of the $1M.COO,OCO gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $146,414,309; gold. $79.440,S63.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— Money on call "quiet
at 1V£@2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
S^»(54'4 per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
actual business In bankers' bills . at H 87^i@
4 S7% for demand and at $4 S3%@4 S4 for elxty
days. Posted rates, $4 8iH@l S5 and $4 hi.
Commercial bills, $4 S3«ff?4 S3%. Silver certifi
cates, ei'^geSc. Bar stlyer, 60%c. Mexican
dollars, 49c. Government, bonds, strong; State,
Inactive; railroad, irregular. „-. t <
Condition of the Treasury:
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
; There was no improvement on the stock mar
ket to-day, but the tone was steady. News of
;Of neral French's victory at Middleburg. the
capture of 300 men, three' Runs and. a great
quantity of stores,-. rekched London too late td
•afTect anything ' except the street' .market for
Africans: ]¦.'•' :'fy -' c '¦¦ ' '¦'¦ : - : ;'X : ''¦ >'• ; '-^° "'''¦ -'¦'¦ ¦'
V The ¦American department was more .cheerful,
than It has been' for' some days in the earlier
hours, but '. wben 'New York ooened and. sent
over heavy selling orders In Union Pacific the
market here. broke badly. There .was a gen
eral rally, however, in the street', after our
close on the purchases for New York account
of St. Paul Issues and the circulation again
of renbrts that' the Hill deal was being re-,
vlved. ..-. ,
The bank apain bought £6000 of gold In bars.
Money rates were unchaneed. ,.".-," >.„
CLOSING. ••{¦=?
LONDON. Feb. 27.— Atchison, 67H; Canadian
Pacific, 5(3: . Union Pacific- preferred,- 89Vi:
Northern Pacific preferred, 89H: Grand Trunk,
7; Anaconda. 9V4- Money, 4H@5 per cent. Bar
silver closed steadier at 2S^4a.
1.100 K<?p I & S Co.... ¦.,„«„.«„,„„ 14
S>» Re;» I & s Co pj*M ,..,.,....,„.,,. «\
I' C C & $X Louts..,,,..,,.,,,,..,,... M
»74.so» Total Salea.
CIX»S1NQ BONDS,
t T S Is r*f reg..^..lt\JS,N y Q lsts.,.,.,,..l^7»i
Do coupon.. ...... lWi-N J C K«a 5> V ,13JS»
t *> S» res.. c lit N'l'ac-lttc 3a.,.,,,,, 70%
t\> ss coup .v.m ' r>» *».,.*.,,..,..,..joiju
; Do new 4» reg US IN V C »*¦ St l« *».'• 1W
Do new 4s coup. .US K & W con 4».,:^.,»W%
l>o old 4s »>%....1U |Or N»v lst».......,U&
: IX» old 4s coup..:lU i Do 4»... U»4U
; I>o as reic.-.v 1U jOr Short Line e»..l»?^
; 'Do 5s coupon. ..-..m > Do coa 5* ,...,H«
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..UJ i Reading gea 4»,,,. *3H
Atchlson gen 4s....K\3%;U Q W l»t<i WAi
I Do adj 4s n ix L & I M «m 5a.ll*V»
Canada So 5ds 1U :«t L * S K sen C«.ltHi
Ches & O 4H» 107 |8t Paul cons IS«
Do &» l»*i'St P C A V l9t»...US^
Chi & N con 7s.. ..HI 1 Do ts ,1W*»
Do S F deb 8s. ...124 is I'actrte 4» KU
Chicago Term 4s... 9Tv; S Railway is. UJ
Colorado So 4s..... S4»i.ptand R * T 6».... M
D & R G 4s.-. 103 [Tex ,"fc Pac lsts 1}*H
Erie gen 4s SS^I Do 2d» f
F W & D C lsts... S3 W Pacific 4s m
i Gen Electric 5s....l«m|Wabash lsts ll«
Iowa Cent lsts 116W; Do M»....»: lv>9
L & X unl 4s 101 ;n>« Shor«»4* US
M K & T 2ds 77*4:\Vlsc Cent lsts «*»
Do 4s 97 |Va Centuries........ * 4
MINING STOCKS. '
Adams Con »¦ Uttle Chief 14
Alice 40' Ontario « 7 S j
Breece 1 4J t>phlr "i
Brunswick Con S7i Phoenix M
Comstork Tunnel... SOPotosl 13
Con Cal * Va 1 50 ?ava<e 10
Deadwood Terra 1 50. Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 1 15' *mall 'Hopes 65
tron Silver :... 65; Standard 4 JO
Leadvllle Con 06!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWest End 94
Call loans 3ff3U Westhouse Etec... 5S
Time loans 3@4 Bonds—
i Stocks— Atchtnson 4s lfll
A T & Sta Fe 53»; NE Gas & Coke 5» --;i
Do prefd 871s Mining Shares —
Amer Sugar 142 (Adventure 13>i
Do prefd nHi'BInjfham t\
American Tele ....138 lArral Copper 91 7 »
Boston Elevated ..16S Atlantic 35
C B & Q 141HiKoston'& Mont 327>i
Dominion Coal .... 36'4!Butte & Boston ... S4
Do prefd »..109VCalumet &Hecla ..S5S
Federal Steel 44H Centennial 26H
Do prefd 37% I Franklin 24 I
Fltehbur* prefd ..142 IHumboldt S7
General Electric .-.SlSHiOscecla, SS
Do prefd 185 j Parrot 50
Ed Elec 111 245 iQutncy ....17'}
Mexican Central ..17 IFanta Fe Copper . 7%
N E Gas & Coke.. 12V4 Tamarack 333
Old Dominion ..... S6»i Utah- Mining 3% I
Rubber 19>* AVlnona 7
Union Pacific ..... 87% Wolverines 55* I
Union Land . /.-. .... 3?s I
•• , London Market. . ~
WASHINGTON
Flnur, ar sUs.'.i.. 3.240 Onions, sks
Oats, ctls ..' 43* |
FOR WEDNESDAY.' FEBRUARY «. J
Flour, qr sks 15.484 Straw, tons Jl
Wheat, ctls..v....l59.794 Chicory, bbls ¦ 40
Barley, ctls....... 3.770 Sugar, ctls.. ...... 600
Beans, eks... 2,322 Hides, No. 0 . "ISO
Rye. ctb. ......... 400 Pelts, bdl?" J.S8S
Potatoes, nks 5.3S0 Leather, rolls 7«
Onions, sks 1.239 Wine, gals 43.S0O
Bran, sks 1.215 Tallow, ctls 423
Hay. tons 240 Quicksilver, flsks 40
Receipts of Produce.
TSe for bollrd per gallon. In barrels. Cases,
5c more.
Miss Jennie de la. Montanya (owner) w-ith J
C. Larson (ccntraetcr). . . architects William
Mooser & Son— Sewering, plumbing, gasflttln?
and heaters, tinning and galvanized Iron work*
(owner to furnish all tin) for alterations and
additions to a three-story building on lot on
NW. corner ".of Clay and Powell street*. JJ
43:10 by W 63:9; $1571.
Same swners with John R. Schroeder (con
tractor), architect same— Ornamental plaster
work on exterior and Interior ot same on sama
$1650. ** '*'¦•
Same owner with W. L. Hotmail (contractor),
architect sa/ne — Elevator work for passenger
elevator In same on same; $1900;
Same owner with Gercke A Weber (contrac
tors, same architect— Pa'lntlng and llncrusta
and tinting for narrje on same: $1790.
Same owners . with Charles Floodberg and
Hugh McCaffery (contractors), architect same—
Plastering, for same on same; »2<K0.
game owners with Ruffino A Bianeht (con
tractors), architect um« — Granite, marble and
mosaic work, exclusive of marble in plurnbinsj
contract for same on same; $1250. -&M*mf,
Same owners with W-iniam K. Wilson & Co.
(contractors), architect same— Plumbing and
gas fitting, exclusive of tiling, for same, on
spme; $4431.
Ella and Maurice Schmltt (owners) with Wil
liam Horstmeyer & Co. (contractors), architect
Alexander F. Oakey— Excavation, grading, con
crete, cement, brick, terra cotta, carpenter,
mill and- metal work, roofing, hardware and
glass, excepting art glass, for a four-story ho
tel bdldlng. on . NW corner of Sutter and
Gough streets. N E0 by W 137:6: $13,995.
Builders' Contracts.
• H. T. Armstrong. Frances A. and William A.
Atkinson (by W. S. Harlow. commissioner) to
Home Security' Buildlnsr and Loan Association,
lot 7. block C. J. E. McElrath Tract. Oakland;
$1961. " ••-•?;¦ - :;.;:.. ..
Jamea W. Dunn to Herman Zerrell. all In
terest in lots 17 and. IS. block B. Broadway and
Telegraph avenue .Park Tract. Oakland ; $1000.
¦ ' VHarah Lehew ' to "Wllllani T. Wlckennan.
lot on SB corner of Walton or Thirty-fifth and
West streets. E 106 by S 30, block O, map of
property ot Central Land Company, formerly
the- Brown Tract. Oakland, quitclaim deea;
$500. . ,.'¦ "¦¦*' .
' Isaac J. and Anna'B. Trainor (his wife) and,
C. E., F. C, A. T. and W. E. Tramor (sln
§le) to Mary Farrell (stngle>, lot on S line of
eventh street. 100 E of Webster. E JS by 8
50. block «3.; Kellersberg*r's Map. Oakland:
Ella S.- an<J Robert McF. Doble to W. FrarJc
Plerc«, lot on N line of Prospect avenue. SC*
E of New Broadway. NE 139.87. SE 133.SS. NE
63.29. NE 43. NE 63.55. SW «9.53. SE SO. SW
57.63. NW 1S8.S4. SW 194.67. NW 4« to begin
ning, subject to mortgage. Oakland: $2000.
Leontlne C. I* Janssen (widow) to Ceontln*
C L. and Mlna Janssen (daughters), lot on W
line of Summit street. 90 S of Orchard. W ICO
bv S 35 block A. Annea Tract. Oakland; gift.
"Emma Welsslg to D. B. Parker, lot oa B
corner of Fourteenth avenue and East Twenty
i£cond street. NE 103.44. SE 197. S3. SW 28. IS.
SW 50 79. SW 43.14 to NE line of East Twenty
second street, thence NW 123.87. NW Co. 44 to
leylnnlng.' portion of block 71 on map oS
rorthern addition to Brooklyn, and also por
tion of block 140. Clinton. East Oakland; |1500.
Louisa or Louis* Glover (single) to. James
F Mansaret. Emma and itary Glover, lot on
i:"coroer of Fourth avenue and East Fifteenth)
street. NE 100 by SE 100, block 74. Clinton.
East Oakland; gift.
J L. Scotchler and L. Gottshall to Mury J.
Bers lot on N line of Berkeley way. &1.63 U
of Grove street. E 35 by N 134. portion of lot
16, Twltchell Tract. Berkeley (qultclaiaa
d *Mary J Ber» to J. H. Huntley. lot on N
line of Berkeley way. 134.65 W of Louisa
street W 43 by N 124. lot 16. same ; $30C0.
Louise E. White to Fred Wilke«. lot 12.
blcck 6«. tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley (quitclaim
f Marle HUlegass to .Regents of xrnrrersity o£
California, lot beylnnlng at a point 778.80 from
\;u- corner of Bancroft way and College ave
nue N 1S4.74 N 27:3. W 262. SW 169.43. S 379.33.
K 243 60 to beslnnlnjr. Berkeley; $17,800.
Mary Farrell (single) to Isaac J. Tratnor. lot
19 block D, on corrected map of subdivision
cf blocks D and E. Champion Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1000.
Christopher and Abble S. Mlkkelsen to Le-
Ainla C. Cushlny. lot 52. map of Henry an4
Pliilllps subdivision of Bray Tract, Brooklyn
* San Francisco Savings Cnlon to Robert A.
Hague the N 40 feet of subdivision B of lot
57 map of Alameda Park. Alameda; $2000.
Caroline Thles to Ira Vaughan. lot on 8
line of Eighth street. 33:« E of Klrkham, E
31 :» by S 123. block 533. Boardman's Map. Oak-
and Charity I. Roger* to Peter
Sehnoor. lot 1. Lortn Villa Tract. Berkeley;
Tonea T. Porter (stnurle) to Carl Z. Ericsson,
lot 19. block 12«. Raymond Tract. Berkeley;
Elizabeth T. White to Louisa Webber (wtfa
of William, lot on N »n« °f A«hby avenue.
180 W of Manoa street. N 120. E 40. S 120. W
40 to beginning, block C, Glaremont Tract.
George *W. and Angelina S. H. Webb to Eb
bert J. Martin, lot on N line of Klttrsdue
street. 50 W of Fulton. W 50 by N 135. lot 11.
Berkeley Property Map 3, Blake Tract. Berke-
Marian Turnball to Robert Tumbull. lot en
NW corner of Washington and Tevls streets.
N 35 by W 125, block 773. Levy and Lane Tract.
Brooklyn Township; gtft.
Rctyal F. Allen to Robert A. Allen, lot 0.
block 4, Allendale Tract. Brooklyn Township ;
$125.
Marian Turn bull to' Robert Turn bull, lot 8.
Map of the Chlttenden Tract, Brooklyn Towu
shlp: gift. , * ; ' ' _! . ' _- '
Same to same, lot on SE corner of East
E °rr&£V r i" d N £ r w 9 i* E ss&t
beginning, being a portion of block 775 Levy
and Lane Tract. Brooklyn Township; gift.
Frederick P. and Annie L. Fischer to Amer
ican Surety Company of New York, lot on NE
corner of Railroad avenue and Paru street. E 51
by N 140, Alameda: $730.
Marcarida D. Cardoza to Jose C. da Sllvelra.
all Interest in lot 15. block 47. Petersen Tra,ct.
Hay wards. EB#n Township: $300.
Jose C 'and Maria. L. da Silvelra to Jean M.
Delorieux. all interest hi same: $300.
Einile Delorieux to Jean M. Delorieux. lots <.
9 10 and 11. block" 27. BeaaOrr sad Pelouieau
property. Oakland; $10. ,
Gustav AdolDh. Dora.- Ernest and G9)rg»
Fleck and Emll Schimpff (by J. B. Lanktree.
commissioner) to Frank Eichler (assigned to
Carrie Mendell), lot 17, block A, Apgar Tract,
Oakland; V1CW. ¦
Carrie Mendell to George. Dorothy and Adolpa
Fleck and Helene Schimpff. same: $1 50.
Alameda County.
Lena Schuller- to John F. and Emma John
son, lot on NWllne of Casselll avenue. 132:6 ! 4
SW of Falcon avenue, NW 28:3»4, W 7S:in»i.
S"25. E 88:3^4. beins lor 12. block 3. subdivision
1. Mountain Spring property; $1500. * •• . :•;
Charles D. and Anna Cuahlng to Henry V.
Blanchet Jr.. lots 22, 23 and 24. block 503, Haley
purchase; $500. \ •¦> - , 3 * ,.'
Same to Lillian M. Doyal. lot on SE line ot
Paris street. 20 N'E of Brazil avenue, NE 30
by SE 10O, block 18. same; $1000.
T. H. O. Walton to- Rudolph and Carolina
Linger, lot on E line of Paris strtet. 100 S
of Brazil -avenue. S 25 by E 100. block 13.
Excelsior Homestead; $1000.
Estate Elizabeth Mack (by Emn-.a. L. Fischer.
Rose M. Hanson and Clara A. Cross, execu
trlces) to Ernest F. and Nellie Sautter, lota 33
and 40, block 7, Holly Park Tract; J4CQ.
Jamea Watk'ns to Louis Levy ari Geor«»
Thlstleton. lot on N line of Montana street.
ISO W of Capitol avenue, W 100 by N 125.
block U, Railroad Homestead Association;
L. White De Wolf (femrr.^ so':?) ta Felix H.
Irvine, lot on E line cf Sixteenth avenue, 100
3 of T street. S 150 by E 12.1; {a«X
Mamie Layden (spinster) and estate Jane
Layden (or Laydon) and estates John. William
J. and Andrew Layden tall by Jajnes English,
administrator) to Charles Polt and Celestlna
AlUeri, lot en NE line or Team avenue. 1)0
SE of Folsom street, SE 23 by NE 62.8; i'&X\
Jacob and Lena Brownstone to S-!ion?.oii Getz.
lot' on E lire of Forty-fourth avenue isa -3
of B street, S 50 by E 120; JiJO.
Frank L. von Rhetn tr» Char'.es T^ TllJen.
lot en SE line of Perry stree* 300 3W of
Fourth, SW 25 by SE ?0; S'ico '
O. II. Keyes to Addle 3. Keyes. lot on Xft'
corner of Howard and ateuart streets NW
137:6 by SW 45:10: gift.
Ann Lisa Brannan to Llzz!» Fnva. lot en &
line of Duncan street^ 100 E of Dolores. E
50 by S 114. quitclaim deed; J1C0;
Lizzie Fava to, Margaret Chandler, lot on S
line of Duncan street, 1C0 E of Dolores, E M
Johanna Mthan" (or Mines) (wife bf Patrick*
to i'atrlck F. and Johanna Mihan. lot W lla*
of \ Icksburg, S3 S of Twenty-second, 3 22:«
by W KQ, to correct 13C5 d 233; nCOO.
H'lene tnd Christopher Roeber to Edward
McGettigan, lot on S line of Twentieth street.
10") E of Eureka. E 23 by S 97:«; $700.
Irene Guaraglla et al. vs. Filbert Bacigalurl
et al. <by William O. Burke, referee) to An
gelo Arata. lot on E line of Stockton street.
23 S of Greenwich, S XO-.VAj by E 63:3: $1730.
Or^oa H. Keyes to Arthur T. Keyes. lot
on NW corner of Steuart and Mission streets.
N 60 by W 45:10; $1 / >.CCO.
Same to Marianne and Charles Ladagnous
•ct on W= nne of ; Hartford str-er n?X ot
Eighteenth. N 25 by W 102; $3300. '. -
Charles Ladagnous=to Marianne Ladacaous
ume; gift. , ° '. • • ' " ..- -; . . ;
Estate of Adolph Sutro (bV Emma L. il- r
ntt and William R.-H. Adam !O n. execuTor^. £
Posa V. Morblo. lot commencing 100 from \*
line of Hayes street and 95 E o; Steiner W 0
N 5. E 40. N 32:6. E. 10. S 37:*" $1 "
Fernando and- Julia A. Nelson to Lillian V
Prady (wife of .William .j.). lot on E line «
li"E :°S:"SSk ¦ 3C5: * N U £l8hteemb - * S
Estate of Mary G. Lynch (by same ad.T'n
»*trator) to same, undivided oue-third of fame;
Estate of Mary E. Simpson «by Colin M
toyd. administrator) to same, all Interest in
seme; $1jO. • '. '¦ %".¦¦.: ¦
James A. and William p. Simpson to ttnai
Ccwell. undivided two-thirds of lot on NW cor
izi t Ot tJ>cm * nd Turk wreet3 - w tr '- 6 b ' *i
Henry - L. and Lily Mlddleton to Anna F.
Dougherty, lot on N line of Washington street
1B:4 W of Larkin. W 43:10 by N 127:8%; isjoo
Vlctotre Chalgneau (executrix estate cf Fred
erick E. Kennedy) and Edward W. Gunther
'by It. H. Fitzgerald, commissioner) to M L.-
D»vls. undivided half of following: Lot on
S Une of Francisco street, 180:8 E of Van Ness
evenue, E 80 by S 137:6; also lot en S Uam of
Pacific street. 114:7 W of Sansome W 22n <i
7i:6. E 23. N 9:9. W 1 Inch. N' «<i:9' : also 1L1 Ton
SE corner of Hyde and Bay. streets, E U7;«
by S 13»;6; 51418. .• * • ¦
EEAL ESTATE TBAJT SACITOITS,
Short Clear tides, boxed," 17 SMH 85. Whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 17. „• Clover, contract
grade. «U. - ' ; ¦ ' ' ¦- •' ' ;
Articles— • nereipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels ...,,,,.,, 62,000 65.0OO
, Wheat, -bushels .,!..,....,; 103,000 ' . SS.OOO
Corn, bushel* , 632,000 197,000
Oats, bushel* 620,000 275.000
Hye. bushela ....:.,......... lrt.OOO 7.000
Harley, busheU ............. 20,«n1 . 12,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Uutter
market was nutet; creameries. l&323Hc; dairies,
IOi&Iskj. Chevste, uwlet, 10U4i ll^c. Eggs, quiet;
trrsh.
Angelei, lS(G20e per 1b; Green Peppers, Lo§ An
geles. 10®15c .per "lb for Chile and 15<325c for
Bell: Dried Peppers, 10#18c: Dry Okra, 25c per
lb; Carrots. 2S&35C per sack; Hothouse Cucum
ber*. tl<$2 50 per dozen; Summer Squash, $1 60
(Bl 75 per box: Garlic, 3@3Hc per lb: Marrow
fat Squash, {30 per ton; Mushrooms. l2Vi<52oc
per lb.' . . •
Poultry and Game.
The Game market' remains as before stated,
most of the arrivals being tainted and. stale.
Receipts were. 64 sks. We quote only, sound
stock, :.' ':¦ ¦ , \ .
Poultry rules firm at the good prices, with*
moderate receipts. One car Eastern came In,
making four thus far thin week. j
l'QULTHY— Uve Turkeys,- Il@I2c for Gob
blers and I2©13o for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
latflSc; Geeae, per pair, $150112: Goslings,
ti f.'i'f j 3 ; Ducks. 1405 for old and Wai tor
yuung; Hens, »l©6; Voting Hooaters. *«<(|7; Old
hotiHters, » I'll I 60; Kryem, $5 604{6; Broilers, i
|^S SO for larg« and $3 50^/4 5(J for small;;
l'Uenns, tl ""iiii 60 per dozen for old and fZ 5O.j
©2 75 for Hquabs.
OAMI5— Quail. 7Su©ll !5; Mallard, |3®5; Can
vaabark. %W* SO; Hprlg, *2<S2 50; Teal, $1 50®
8 60; Wldm-on, |1 M«?2; Small Duck, $1@1 25;
Hlack Jaik. $1 60; Urny Geese, $303 50; White
Ceeaft. I I'n 1 fid; I Hunt, ft SO for small and $2
for larir«; Honkers, $3«4 50; English Snipe.
ft 60; Jack Snipe, $1 60; Haro. 75c®?l; lUb
hli.i, Iligl BO forj Cottontail and 75c for Brush;
Pigeons, per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
', The upper grade* of Butter declined lc. The
lower grades stood the same, ' but .were dull
and weak. Stocks are large and the demand Is
small.
Receipts of Eggs were considerably "heavier,
and there was plenty of stock on hand, but
the market was _ quoted steady on the ex-,
change.
There was no variation In •Cheese. Arrivals
were larger.
j Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Exchange,
were 56.800 pounds of Butter, 18-JO cases Eggs
and 13,875 pounds California Cheese and.
pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 18c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Dairy — Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store,' lie. . ¦
¦ Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, — — ;
seconds, — -; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound. *
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full' cream, 8%c; choice.
8«-4c; common, nominal; Young. Amelrlcas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16Hc per lb.
EGGS- • .
i California Ranch— Selected White, 13c; mixed
colors, 12o per dozen. •
California Gathered— Selected, 12c; standard,
; seconds, . -, -
Fresh Eastern— Fancy.' ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are getting demoralized owing to
the extensive stocks and the poor' condition of
the fruit. At the auction nine cars sold as
follows: Fancy Navals. $1 0.">fil 75; choice do,
"5c@ |1 23; standard, . 30c@$l; seedlings. 60@75c;
Lemons, $1#1 50. " =•".= .^ <" ; "¦-¦ '
There are a good many' Lemons on the
market, hut, as Limes are all cleaned up,
prices rule steady. No more Limes are ex
pected unttl Saturday/ 1 .
, There are some Eastern Cranberries on the
market at $3 per box. equivalent to $15 per
barrel. " j
j Apples are -cleaning up and firmer prices j
are quoted. •"'.. -',.°"
DECIDUOUS FRUITS- •-, ¦ •
APPLES— 50@75e per box for- common, 90c@
$1 50 for- pood to choice and $1 75{?2 for fancy.
PEARS— 65c«?$l 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Naval Oranges. $1®1 75:
Seedlings. 50c@$l; Tangerines, 75c@$l 50; Japa
nese Mandarins. $1<Q>1 50; Lemons. $1@1 25 for
common and $1 5OQ2 25 O for pood to choice;
Grape Fruit. 75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, ;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas, 50c
<ft$l per bunch for Island and $1 25©1 75 for
New Orleans;- Pineapples. ,75cS$2 per dozen.;- .
• Dried Fruits,^Nuts and Raishis,
Outalde . 30-40 Prunes were offered yesterday'
at. 4o per lb. Otherwise there was. nothing
new. ' . ¦••'." j :
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7c for Royals and 8%@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 485%c;
sun-dried. Uz92&c; Peaches, 3@3i4c for stand
ard, 4®4V4c for choice and 5®6c for fancy;
Pears, 2®7c; Plums, pitted, 4@5c; unpltted. 1@
lHc: Xectarines, 5@5Hc for red and 5V4<g6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40*. 7c;
4O-50S, 6Vic; 5O-60s, 4Vic; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
80-SOs, 2%c; 90-100!>, 2^c; 10O-120s, l^c; rubles.
He premium; Sonomas He and San Joaqutns
iic less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice. He;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, Sc per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, lO'/ic per
! lb; choice, 9Hc; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c: un
i bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
64c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6V4c;2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 5c: 3-crown, a*4c, and
4-crown. bhic; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
16-ounce. 7c; 12-ouncc. .5V£c; choice, 16-ounce,
6*ic; 12-ounce, SUc; London Layers. 2-crown,
1150 per box; 3-crown, JIM; Fancy Clusters,
$2; Dehesa. »2 50: Imperial, $3.- All prices f. o.
b. at common phipptns points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10o per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. I, softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7Hc: No.
1 hardshell, 9Vic; No." 2. 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for papershell, 9@llc'for softshell; Peanuts, 5
@6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts,
13c; Pecans. 11® 13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50® 5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14c for bright and 124®.
13c for light amber; . water white extracted,
7Hc: light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, 6&
6fec per lb. ( ¦ - =¦ .
BEESWAX— 24(g26c per lb. '. . =o ". °
Provisions.. * ; '¦?
Lard Is firmer at a slight advance. Hams
and Bacon are very dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll@U^c per Jb for
heavy; ll%@12c for light medium, J2H®13c for
light. 13014c for extra light and 15@15Hc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 ¦ per barrel ; extra Mess, }13;
Family, $14; extra fine Pork. $15@15 50; extra
clear, $19 50020; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%e per lb for
compound and 9V4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9»4e; 10-lb tins, 10V4c; 5-lb tins, 10%c. •
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, Tftc; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces," 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow,' Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,'
9%S10c; medium, 9c; light, 8@8V4c; Cow Hides,
lVz<i for heavy and 8@8^c for light; Stags. 6@
6V4c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal, 9@10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15%® 16c; Culls, 13U@14c;
Dry Kip, 15@16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; culls and
brands, H@15c; Sheepskins, shearlLngs, 20@30c
each; chort Wool, 30<950c each; medium, 60(g7ec;
Ions Wool, 75cS$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50
ill 75 for large and J2 «2 23 for medium, tl 25 for
small and cue fcr colts; Horse'Hldes, dry, $1 75
for large, Jl 50 for medium, Jl 25 for small and
50c for colts. . .Deerskins — Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins, I ?0c. Goatskins — Prime. Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. ~ ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V4@4%o per lb;
No.,2. 4@4ttc: grease, 2®2tfc.
WOOL— Spring 1 clip Is . quotable as follows:
Northern, free,15®16c: Northern, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free/ 15@16c; Middle Coun
ty,', defective; 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9fil6c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 11® 12c; Southern Mountain.- defective.
7 months'. 9fy lie; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
@17c; Nevada. 13@16e per' lb. - - ¦ • ¦ • ¦ •
Fall Clip— San Joaquln;- 6V4@Sc; do Iambs, S®
9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 100110; Southern Mountain, ; 7%@3V4c;
Humboldt and- Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb. .
HOPS— lE(g20c perlb.-
San Francisco Meat Market.-
Local packers are not .Inclined ,to look for
any marked " advance * In \ Hog* from i now on.
as they are coming In from the East and
dairy' Hogs will appear In another month.' The
market at present Is firm," however. ± -. »-•
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and 6©7Vic"per lb for
COWS. - •¦ ' '¦:-..'¦¦' .' ' . ' " ¦ ' '•• :
VEAL— Large, -7@8c; swall, 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9%C10c; Ewes, 9i&s per
pound. • - '- - - . ¦' as
LAMB— Yearlings, -10%C per • lb; „ spring, 11@
12V4c ~ per pound. • • > $•. -...¦¦
. PORK— Live Hogs. «%c for small- and 6Vic
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, 5Hc;
feeders, . 5<i4c: dressed - Hoes, 8@9>4c. ¦;,, ¦¦>_.-._
. i General ¦ Merchandise'.-'
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65;. Calcutta
Grain f Bags. June . and 1 6%®6Hc; local
make, 6%c; WooIBags, 30@32%e;' Fleece Twine
7%c- ¦ •-. ¦;¦¦; ¦-:.¦•:¦¦¦". •-. :r.t\
' COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; - Southfleld
Wellington.- $9 ;: Seattle. '¦ tl ; Bryant. $7 : > Coos
Bay, $5. 50; , Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 in. bulk and $13 25 In
tacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, S14; Can
nel..$lO per Jon; Coke. $15 per ton In -bulk and
$17 in' sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, js 45
per ¦ 2000 pounds and $8 50 > per. ton. according
• : SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotes, per' lb. In 100-lb bags: :
¦ Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated.' 6.85c'; Dry < Granulated,'- 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.36c; Extra C
5.25c; -Golden C,, 5.15c;; barrels, 10c more; half,
barrels,^ 25c more; "boxes. 60c more; 50-lb bags
10c :more. <* No orders, taken' for .less nhan 75
barrels or. Its "equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. '6.BO0:'- boxes, . 6.75c per.lb — .,.., ¦
LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 73c for '• raw and
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAI.L,, THURSDAY, tfEBKUAItY ; 28, 1001.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain' Market.
NEW TORK. Feb. 27.— To-day's* trading In
the stock market, while quite large. was very
much congested in a few stock*. There was
continued strength In i>t- Paul and a late buoy
ant rls* Jn Sugar and notable sains by some of
the less prominent higli-prlced Industrials, bat
the general market was not much Inclined to
respond In ryjBpathy. although the depression
which existed In «nio . parts of the list early
Jn the day was partly relieved. -jThe rpecu
lative tone was more Inclined to sympathize
with the continued heaviness of the steel »tock«
than with the strong feature* of the market.
The inclination of the steel . stock* to^gravltate
U> a lover level Is a ilitlnct disappointment
Nkl> • York Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
Article*, i '.';¦-¦ Open. • High. Low Clos
Wheat <No. S— « V - 1OH -
February- 74% 74% 73T4 74«4
March . .%.... 74% 74%, 7314 74%
ilay .:. ..;.... . l ..V.. 76Vi 76V t 73O, : 76 2
¦ Com No. 2— • . .
February ... SS% SS% 38% J8T6
March'....:.... ......... .... .;.. 39 u
May. ........ ...... .40% 40T4 40% 'j 40^1
Oats^"o. 2— • V. v-
¦"ebcuary .... ' .... .... 94U
vlay- 23% . 25T4 25% ¦ 25&
Mess Pork per barrel— . ,
February:.......... ........... ....... 1333
May :14 02ft 14 15 14 O2>4 14 15 '
Lard, per 100 pounds— • ,¦• .-..,
'.larch -7 49 • -7 45 .7 40 7 4S=.
Way 7 47H :7 52^ 7 45 7 52V4
luly ...7 52h 7 59«i 7 62H : 7 57U
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— . • •
February ••-• .... . ....'.
klay ./..-......... 7 05 7 10' 7 02«4 7 10
September .;:. 7 17*4 7 221J" 7 17V4 ¦ 7 Z^'J
ET
BT.
NS.
It
Lasf *) This I
i Hours: Season, j
I Last
Season
Btti
Bar
Red
f-E."
F.->n
}"r»-
Enft
f-".> n
L> ¦
Eta
t ...
:!uff.
npmc
ranc!
nden
u«s (
nreU
'i«-*ro
CO...
'. ..
s.
? • *
. ,_.!
f'-28 I- Cg.Tj;
Trace 22.7! .
0.«0 . 16.10
0.0<l 1S.04
0.00 9.9*
0.00 , 6.68 ¦
0.00 • 27.04 •
fl.OO ••" 13.61
cO.OO 8.63 |
43.50
16.69
1 ' 13.87
15.11
€.:i
2.14
."! 12.66
• 4.57
|= : 2.63
ET
BT.
NS.
It
Lasf *) This I
i Hours: Season, j
I Last
Season
Btti
Bar
Red
f-E."
F.->n
}"r»-
Enft
f-".> n
L> ¦
Eta
t ...
:!uff.
npmc
ranc!
nden
u«s (
nreU
'i«-*ro
CO...
'. ..
s.
? • *
. ,_.!
f'-28 I- Cg.Tj;
Trace 22.7! .
0.«0 . 16.10
0.0<l 1S.04
0.00 9.9*
0.00 , 6.68 ¦
0.00 • 27.04 •
fl.OO ••" 13.61
cO.OO 8.63 |
43.50
16.69
1 ' 13.87
15.11
€.:i
2.14
."! 12.66
• 4.57
|= : 2.63
Article*, i '.';¦-¦ Open. • High. Low Clos
Wheat <No. S— « V - 1OH -
February- 74% 74% 73T4 74«4
March . .%.... 74% 74%, 7314 74%
ilay .:. ..;.... . l ..V.. 76Vi 76V t 73O, : 76 2
¦ Com No. 2— • . .
February ... SS% SS% 38% J8T6
March'....:.... ......... .... .;.. 39 u
May. ........ ...... .40% 40T4 40% 'j 40^1
Oats^"o. 2— • V. v-
¦"ebcuary .... ' .... .... 94U
vlay- 23% . 25T4 25% ¦ 25&
Mess Pork per barrel— . ,
February:.......... ........... ....... 1333
May :14 02ft 14 15 14 O2>4 14 15 '
Lard, per 100 pounds— • ,¦• .-..,
'.larch -7 49 • -7 45 .7 40 7 4S=.
Way 7 47H :7 52^ 7 45 7 52V4
luly ...7 52h 7 59«i 7 62H : 7 57U
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— . • •
February ••-• .... . ....'.
klay ./..-......... 7 05 7 10' 7 02«4 7 10
September .;:. 7 17*4 7 221J" 7 17V4 ¦ 7 Z^'JHotel Sneakthief Arrested.
KNI) OF KIDNAPING CASE.— E. B. Benn
of Hoattle and Ills attorney, F. Tl. Wall, ai-
V""arcil bff ore .lu.lse CabanlHS yesterday on a
charge «,f battery preferred against them by
Mm. Alice H. Chaplin. 1772 Howard street.
]icrin'8 dlvorred wire. The, alleeed battery
grew out of Bcnn'n seizure of hts four-year
old «on at the Chaplin residence Thureday.
February 15. Judce Cabanl?s dismissed th»
c»«e atainst Wall, but convicted Benn and
•wntrr.ced him to pay a flno of $10. which was
• FUIT AGAINST CENTRAL, PACIFIC—At
torney Oeneral OrlKKR has Instructed the United
States District Attorn-.'/ in this city to in
stitute a tult In equity against the Central
Pacific Hallway Company to cancel the patent
to eighty acres In the Afarydville land district.
It Ik alleiced that John Donovan had pre
empted the land in 1S67. prior to the granting
of the patent to the railway company. The
defendants have foM the land to innocent pur
chasers and suit will lw filed to recover from
the railway company tho value of the land.
WOMAN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION MEETS.—
The regular Focial meeting of thu Pacific Coast
Woman'* Press Association was held Monday
afternoon at the Century Hall. The meeting
was V.+U attended nnd a very Interesting pro
eramme was rendered. Those who took part
In making the occasion a success were Mrs.
John Slbley, Mrs. Oamble. Miss Slbley, Mira
Gamble and Mrs. Nellie nioMlnK Eyster, who
Is a paEt president of the association.
INSOLVENT SALOON-KEEPER.— Joseph
HuFCh, a saloofi -keeper of Colusa County, filed
a petition in Insolvency yesterday in the United
Rates District Court. He owes 11300 and has
no as-scts.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
GLICKMAX HELD TO ANSWER.— Dr\ Id
Gllckir.an, a (carder on Devisadero 5tr<*<?t, who
ha* been arrested nuiRtrou* tim*s for-pawn
ing watohps end J»w«»lry *rivnn him to b* re
paired, mas held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Caljanit* jesterday on a charge
Of grand lan-er.y for selling furniture on which
Iia had •fxecuted a chattel mortgage for $100 to
Dr. C T. Rae.
tor Joseph B. Seeley of Tiburon was ar
rested to-day on a charge of offering to
receive a bribe. It Is alleged that Seeley
asked for a bribe from W. O. Walte. who
has the contract for th<* new schoolhouse
at Tiburon. Tne building is nearly fin
ished and it is claimed that Seeley want
ed ?200 from Walte for using his influence
as a Director to have the building ac
cepted by the board.
All of this Seeley denies. He claims that
Walte owes him $200 on a note and that
he only asked Walte to redeem the note.
The accused claims that he Is the victim
of "dirty work." and that the *¦ note he
holds against -Waite represents money he
loaned to .the' -latter. The prosecution will
contend that Walte . nevor received any
money consideration for the note. '
Seeley's bond t was fixed at $1500 by Jus
tice of the. Peace Rodden and the hearing
was set for next Saturday.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. ¦,27.— School Direc-
ACCUSED OF OFFERING
TO ACCEPT f A BRIBE
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 27.— The
steamer Willapa, which arrived to-day
from the north, was on fire during her
trip to this port. An attempt was made
to beach her, but fortunately, as it turned
out, she waa four miles from shore and
before she could be beached the fire was
extinguished. Soon after the Willapa left
Kitkatla a case of turpentine standing
near the engine door became ignited.
There were two coal oil tins, both almost
full, and they exploded, wrecking the dy
namo and scattering the burning turpen
tine in all directions. The woodwork
caught fire'in a dozen places.
The time was about midnight and every
light on the ship hau gone out. In the
darkness the passengers were aroused and
taken on- deck. The Willapa was headed
for shore, but meanwhile the efforts of
thecrew to put out the fire were success
ful and ship and cavgo were saved. The
damage is estimated at JoOOO.
¦ _ *. — _—
FIRE IN THE STEAMER,
WILLAPA'S ENGIlTE-ROOk
DISASTROUS COLLISION r,
OFF DEWARP LIGHTSHIP
LONDON, Feb. 28.— Early yesterday
morning the steamer Chamois collided
near Dewarp lightship, three miles east
of Yarmouth, with a steamer whose name
has not been ascertained In London. The
unidentified steamer sank and a boat
which put off from her was swamped. A
few of her crew scrambled on board the
Chamois. ,*
Four of the crew of the Chamois, while
searching: in a small boat for possible sur
vivors, lost their vessel, but reached the
lightship, from which they were rescued.
The Chamois has not yet been heard
from and It is feared that she may also
have foundered, which would make a to
tal probably of something like thirty lives
lost.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 27.— Two run
away boys, one of them n son of F. C. 'Wal
lls of San Francisco, were taken Into cus
tody here last night by Constable A. Lee.
The boys ran away on a hunting and
fishing trip and were traveling up Carmel
Valley when apprehended. F. C. WaJlls
arrived to-day and took charge of tha
truants.
Runaway Boys Caught.
TRIPOLI, Feb. 27.— A rebellion has
broken out against the Sultan of Wadl,
owing to the many executions. Ahmed,
son of the late Sultan All, has been pro
claimed King by the rebels. A French
force is reported to be half "^ay between
Tuat and Wadi.
REBELLION AGAINST
THE SULTAN OP WADI
The Retail Merchants* Association
made two moves yesterday, both intended
to enable the members of the association
tn keep their stores nj>en evenings with
out interference or annoyance by tho
members of the Retail Clerks' Union. A
Milt was filed by John T. Gibson of 3204
Market etre«"t apainst J. A. Johnston,
John Doe FieM. I>eo Kaufman, B. II. i
Bryan. E. A. Poe, Lewia Walienstein, T. j
I. Dillon. Louis Livingston and othsrs, to
secure an order restraining the clerks
from interfering in any way with the
plaintiff's business. Judge Dunne made
«n order givxne the defendants until Fri
day, March 8. to answer, and assigning
the case to Department L P. F. Dunn©
appears for the. plaintiff.
An appeal to the public was also issued
in which it was t^et forth that, after early
closing for forty-live days, the email re
tail dealers found that the movement was
detrimental to their business and that the
inevitable result of it if persisted in would
l>e to drive a large number of small
houses into failure and to deprive busi
ness men of email capital and resources
of the richt to earn a legitimate and hon
est livelihood. The intention of the asso
ciation is declared as follows:
•Efforts at adjustment have been made
without avail, and the dealers are now
resolved, if the law of the land, as plain
ly written, can be enforced, to keep open
their ptorcs until S o'clock every evening,
with the exception of Saturday evenings,
and the evenings before holidays, and
the evenir.g-s during the month of Decem
ber."
It Is also set forth that many persons
are unable to leave their work before 6
p. m. who cannot trade in articles of util
ity until after that hour. The movement,
the association through its executive com
mittee also Rajra, will drive the trade into
the hands of the large and consolidated
••staMisbments. The appeal is made "to
ihe p^neral American public ¦which loves
fair play and believes In liberty regulated
I'v law," for patronage and protection.
The Retail Clerks' Association has en
prafjecl counsel to defend members in case
any attempt is made to restrain them
from protecting their interests or giving
publicity to the early closl.ig movement
by having parades and wearing badges.
SUIT TO RESTRAIN
CLERKS' UNION FILED
Steamship Company Gains Victory
Over Collector and Exclusion •
Act as Interpreted.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
has achieved a temuoiary victory over
Port Collector Stratton and the Chinese
exclusion act as heretofore interpreted
and executed at this port. The Treasury
Department has ruled that after a Chi
nese immigrant Is denied a landing: he
reed not be taken back to China, but may
be larded in Mexico or Canada.
Under date of December 17. 1500, the f 3l -
lowing letter was sent from the Treasury
Department to Customs Collector Strat
ton:
The bureau acknowledges the receipt of your
lptt^r of the 12th instant In regard to your re
fusal of the application of Mr. F. V. Bell, at
torney for Yee Hock, to permit his client's des-.
tination to be changed from San Francisco to
Guaymas. Mexico.
Perhaps some misapprehension has arisen
over the Inadvertent inclusion, on pafre 46 of
the laws and treaty regulations relating to the
exclusion of Chinese, of the phrase "must be
returned to the country whence they came," as
Euch requirement under the law refers only to
those who have been found Illegally In the
ITnlted Ptates. Maurice O'Connell. solicitor of
the treasury, F^ys, under date of September 21:
"I think that the language applies only to these
cates in which Chinese persons make in the first
instance preparations for Journeying to some
other country than the United States, and ap
proach the shores of the United States with the
I eole purpose and Intention of parsing through in
I the course of their«Jonrney to euch other coun
try. It would be obviously a »?reat hardship to
! deny to bona fide travelers the privilege of tran
elt through the United States under such cir
cumstances. But the caFe of the Chinese la
borer who departs from China upon a Journey
I to the United State* only, and not to some other
I country. Involves no such element of hardship.
He has made no preparation for a Journey
i through the United States, and cannot complain
that he is taken by surprise when the Govern
ment refuses to allow him to be placed across
the Mexican or Canadian frontier, where he
j can exercise his ingenuity In evading the ln-
I Fpectars and securing an overland entry Into
I this country. In the case before us Chinese la
! borers are seeking' the privilege of transit
j through our country In a journey from a port
of the United States to the Mexican border,
which cannot be held to be a Journey to or from
| other countries. I have therefore to advise vou
that. In my opinion, a regulation directing that
permits be refused under the circumstances
above described may be lawfully made.
The foregoing letter was displeasing to
the representatives of thft Pacific Mall
Steamship Company and that corporation
had Mr. Chambers, Its DOlitlcal represen
tative at Washington, visit Immigration
Commissioner Powderlv and ask him to
give his reasons for dei;ytng*the privilege.
The result was the receipt of a letter
yesterday by Collector Stratton which de
clares: "You have no power to prevent.
Fteamship companies from taking Chinese
passengers who have been rejected by
you to any foreign port after such rejec
tion. It is believed, however, that this
condition tends to defeat th*» purpose of
the Chinese exclusion iaw and at the re
quest of the bureau, therefore, the Secre
tary has recommended the passage of a
resolution by Congress which follows
closely the provisions o£ the immigrant
laws requiring the return of rejected Chi
nese to China or other country of whlcn
they are citizens or subjects."
Until the necessary ii eislation by Con
press Is enacted rejectta Chinese Immi
grants will be dumped upon Mexican or
Canadian territory to make their way Into
the ITnlted States over the border at their
pleasure.
MAY LAND CHINAMEN
IN MEXICO AND CHINA
Of the remaining bids that of the West
ern Light and Power Company was J2 50
per arc light end 4 centa per 1000 kilo
wattB, that of the Independent company
$1 75 per arc light and 2% cents per 1000
kilowatts, while that of the San Fran
cisco Gas. and Electric Company was $2
per arc light and 4b cents per hour for
lncandescents.
Approximately the securing of the con
tract by the Mutual company means an
aggregate of $35,000 to $*0,000 for the three
years' service. President P. B. Cornwall
represented the company In person at the
meeting of tho Commissioners and lett
the session seemingly in high spirits when
the result of the bids was made known.
The Mutual Electric Light Company
was awarded the contract for three
years, agreeing to furnish arc lights at
$130 each per week, and lncandesccnts at
the rate of 2.94 cents per 1000 kilo
watts. The successful company will be
required to furnish a bond of J15.000 for
the performance of its contract.
At present the city Is paying much
higher rates for service to the Mutual
company than the bid for tho Harbor
Commission lighting cails for, as the cost
to the city Is 3.S8 cents for 1000 kilowatts
and $1 92 for each arc light per week. The
present rates for service furnished the
Harbor Commission are also much lower
than the rates to the city, being $2 for
each arc light per week and 4 1-5 cents per
1000 kilowatts. *
Consideration of bids for electric, light
ing service for the Ferry building and the
water front, from Melg?s wharf to Chan
nel street, consumed the greater part of
the Harbor Commissioners' meeting yes
terday afternoon. There .were four bid
ders—the Western Light ahd"Powe'r Com
pany, the Independent Light and Power
Company, the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company and the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company.
Contract for Three Years
Is Let to the Mutual
Company. .
ELECTRIC LIGHTS
FOR WATER FRONT
Not Being Permitted to Marry Two
Young People Die in Each
Other's Amis.
PUEBLO, Colo., Feb. 27.— A special to
the Chieftain from La Junta. Colo., "says
a sad tragedy came to light there to-day.
The bodies of Louis Burch and Addle
Taylor, both about 18 years of age, Were
found in a deserted house about a mile
south of town. They were locked in each
others' arms, and a revolver lying be
tween them told the story. The girl was
dead, but the boy was p.tlll breathing
when found. He died without regaining
consciousness. The two had become lev
ers while quarantined In the Burch resi
dence on account of a case of smallpox in
the fa c mlly. Young Burch's father forbade
their marriage, and it Is supposed this was
tho causo of the double suicide. They dis
appeared Monday night, and until their
bodies were discovered to-day It was sup
posed they had eloped.
SUICIDE OF LOVERS
IN A DESEBTED HOUSE
Fan-Germans and Czechs Clash, ant]
Blows Are Exchanged Before
House Is Cleared.
VIENNA, Feb. 27. — There was a free
fight to-day between Pan-Germans and
Czechs on the floor of the Relchsrath. The
session opened with a promise of storms.
Herr Schoenerer was especially prominent
in creating disturbance. Later the Czechs
resorted to obstruction, making speeches
in their own toneue. The Pan-Germana
protested against the aouse of freedom of
speech and a party of them invaded the
Czech benches. The result was a fierce
fistlcuff= light. A Pan-German named Stim
attempted to chastise a Czech named
Fresl, whereupon the Radical Czechs sur
rounded him. Stlm's friends rushed to his
rescue and the various groups became
mixed up in a free tight, during which the
president's bell and voice were drowned
In the uproar.>. Eventually the president
succeeded in making it known that the
session was suspended. » Before the house
could be cleared, however, the rival mem
bers again clinched and fierce blows were
exchanged. . •"'
FREE FIGHT ON FLOOR^
OF THE REICHSRATH
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— August E. Cha
mot, a millionaire silk merchant of Pe
king, and his wife and nephew are at the
fifth Avenue Hotel, en route to the Euro
pean capitals, where Chamot will be
knighted and decorated for valiant and
heroic work during the siege of Peking.
He said to-day:
"I am sorry that I cannot say a good
word for the American Minister, Mr. Con
ger. Every day I fed him with ox flesh
and food which I procured at the risk of
my life. One aay, after we had been un
der fire all day, Conger came up to my
wife, without a word of warning, without
a polite request or anything else, deliber
ately snatched from her shoulder a Mau
ser rifle and handed It over to a man.
When I heard about the affair I hunted up
Conger, and in the same abrupt manner
'in which he had disarmed my wife ! I
slapped his face."
Mrs. Chamot was a San Francisco girl.
She said to-night: "Minister Conger Is
not a gentleman. The sooner he is re
called the better."
Objected to an Insult to His Wife, a
Former San Francisco .
Girl.
SILK MERCHANT SLAPS
MINISTER CONGER'S FACE
LODI, Feb. 27.— Two tramps attempted
to hold up K. ! A: Beardsley last night near
the Calaveras River, a few miles from
Stockton, ]Mt a^blpw with the butt end of
a heavy 4p'-p/f ctoss the face of one of
the th,ug3 endJH" the robbery. Mr. Beards
ley was returning from Oakdale when the
tramps halted^him and asked for a quar
ter apiece. When he refused their de
mand one reached over and seized the
reins of his horse.
"I've only got 35 cents, and I'll fight be
fore I give it up," declared the old gentle
man.
"Well, we might as well have that," re
sponded the tramp who had caught the
reins.
Mr. Beardsley Is old but "game. He
pulled out the whip, struck the fellow a
blow across the face with the butt end
that staggered him and started the horse
up with a cut of the other end of the
whip. One of the tramps was knocked
down by the sudden lunge of the horse.
"Why don't you shoot him," he yelled
to his mate, but the latter made no move
with a weapon. Beardsley kept the horse
at a fast clip until a safe distance was
reached. No arrests have yet been made.
Plies, the Butt End of His Buggy
Whip and Succeeds in Making
His Escape.
AGED MAN RESISTS
TWO ROBBER TRAMPS
Captain Herbert Wlnslow of the United
States naval transport Solace has refused
to submit to the authority of the Secre
tary of the Treasury and allow the cus
toms Inspectors to search the vessel for
dutiable goods. He was visited last Tues
day afternoon by Deputy Customs Sur
veyor St. John at the request of Customs
Surveyor Spear. Mr. St. John exhibited
to Captain Wlnslow the telegram from
the Secretary of the Treasury' published
in The Call yesterday morning, together
with the Instructions given to Surveyor
Spear by Customs Collector Btratton, and
a copy of the sections of the Revised Stat
utes authorizing customs officers to board
and search all vessels for smuggled goods.
Captain Wlnslow declared that he would
not accept the authority of the Secretary
of the Treasury or that of Port Collector
Stratton. and that he would not admit
the customs officers to h;3 vessel. He
offered to search the vessel with his own
marines, but as the marines were also
sutpected of knowing something about the
smuggled goods his proposition was not
entertained. •'
Surveyor Spear made a detailed report
ito Collector Stratton, who again wired to
the Treasury Department an account of
the latest phase of the trouble. A reply
is expected this morning.
The customs inspectors on guard at th»
Mare Island wharf Intercepted thirty
cases of dutiable goods being taken off
the Solace, in addition to the thirty-three,
packages seized on the preceding day.
Captain Wlnslow declares he will not
allow customs Inspectors aboard his ship
without an order from the Secretary of
the Navy.
WINSLOW WILL NOT
OBEY SECRETARY GAGE
ERKELEY. Feb. 27. — The 8
months-old bov of Mr. and Mrs.
W. E. Owens of 1644 Edith street
was terribly burned late yesterday
afternoon and died this evenins
shortly after 6 o'clock. The accident was
caused by the child's 3-year-old sister,
who, while playing with matches, set fire
to the room in which the Infant lay. Jlut
for the unexpected and fortunate arrival
of Mr. Owens the house would have been
destroyed by the firs.
Mrs. Owens left her baby in its buggy
in the parlor and went out of the house
to speak to a neighbor some distance
away. Maude, the lltt'e girl, was in tho
room, and after her mother left got some
matches and commenced playing with
them. She Ignited several and dropped
them, on the floor and then left the hous*
without knowing a fire had been started.
Tho blazing matches caught In the frlnga
of . a portiere and thence spread to the
wall. The partitions were of wood, first
covered with loosely tacked cheese-cloth.
VICTORIA. B. C. Feb. 27.— The golden
north seems to be the home of many
wonders, for, according to news which
reached here to-day, rivers are now being
cut up Into blocks and their beds worked
for gold. This latest northern industry
In obtaining gold from the bed of a
stream has sprung up along Forty-mile
River. The Ice Is cut through to the bed
of the river, where a fire is built and the
ground thawed to bedrock, usually only
from 10 to 14 Inches below the bottom of
the river. This ground is moved and
rocked in some tent or cabin. near by, and
usually yields from $5 to $7 per day to the
rocker, all the gold being very fine. Some
operators remove the ground to the bank,
where they are forming dumps and will
sluice out in the spring. To the man who
has nothing oUo. in sight this is a great
scheme to get a "grub stake" and many
are taking advantage of it.
ure in the Beds of
Streams.
Cut Through the Ice to Get at Treas-
YUKON GOLD-SEEKERS
WORK A NEW SCHEME
Fain is a Callfornlan, with a bad record.
Eighteen years ago he was charged with
the murder of his uncle at San Juan Cap
istrano, San Diego County. In some
manner he was acquitted. Ever since
then he has lived about Yuma.
M. T. Alexander and F. B. Miller, the
others Implicated In the murder, have re
fused to leave the shelter of the prison,
and have waived preliminary examin
ation.
Alleged Accessory to the Murder o£
Mrs. Burns Finds Refuge in
Penitentiary.
TUMA, Ariz.. Feb. 27.— W. B. Fain, the
accessory to the murder of Mrs. J. J.
Burns, who escaped from the officers of
the law a week ago, has surrendered to
the Superintendent of the Territorial
Penitentiary. The Sheriff had offered a
reward of $150 for his apprehension, and
had been diligently seeking him. Fain
feared a small party comprising the
father, husband and two brothers of the
murdered woman. These men had trailed
the fugitive far down the Colorado bot
tom, through swamps and the wildest of
country. For four- days and nights the
Kings, father and sons, were In the sad
dle without sleep, and they would have
klllled Fain on sight. The fugitive was
assisted by Cocopan Indians, to whom he
was well known, but finally concluded
that his only safety lay behind prison
walls. , > • .
SURRENDERS HIMSELF
TO ESCAPE LYUTCHINO
Mrs. Owens Is prostrated over the
frightful death. The date for the Inquest
has not been set.
The baby was frightfully burned. Dr.
J. T. Farrar, the attending physician,
found the flesh on the face, neck and
hands hanging in shreds. The right ear
was a crisp, the burn extending into the,
ear and destroying the drum. The child's
body was kept from th» fire by the cover
ing over it, which had not burned through
when the father snatched it from ths
flames.
He then rushed back to the blazing room
and with a broom b'jeceeded in extin
guishing the fire.
over which wallpaper had been pasted.
As soon as the flames reached this thev
spread rapidly up the wall and across the
celling. Pieces of burning paper anil
cloth dropped from the ceiling: on the
sleeping infant.
Mr. Owens, the father, was returning
from San Francisco, where he is em
ployed by the Independent Electric Light
and Power Company, when he saw the
blaze through the window. He ran into
the house and caught the child from Us
burning carriage. He smothered the blaza
with his hands and v.-as himself badly
burned. After taking" *he child to a place
of safety Mr. Owens s^nt for medical aid.
SCENE OF THE FATAL BURNING
OP LITTLE BABY OWENS AT
BERKELEY.
Mother's Brief Visit to a Neighbor Results in the
Death of Her Helpless Offspring.
Says He Will Cast the Matter From.
His Mind— Declares That Me- •*.
. ..-.' -' Ivor- Acted Pecu- .. •'•'„.
• ' •.:'"•.' • ¦ ¦ ¦¦• Harly.- ..."". .¦ ' •;. "*'" \
' ' '.'¦¦ •' ¦:¦'¦'. "'• ¦'¦ ?- 7— '..' . ¦
Mrs. Waiter, pinmorey the bride of two
short weeks; is journeying to [Denver as
fast as an overland express can carry her,
and her husband is -straightening out his
business affairs; which- were somewhat
disturbed by: his attention to matters mat
rimonial/ '..- -' ' .'• ¦'. "¦¦'¦ •"''• •
For several days Mrsl . • Dlnmore, al
though coritined to.'thfi McNutt hospital,
had been making preparations for her
flight from this city;! -The tickets were
bought and the baggage was ordered
taken from the Palace. Hotel and placed
on tb« train that left the city at 10 a, m.
Tuesday. But there was a. hitch in the
programme. The Palace Hotel manage- I
ment .said ihat Mrs. Dlnmore could have
her baBgase, but first the wedding break- j
fast l<iil of J1S7 60 must be paid. It is eaid
that Mrs. l>inmore paid the bill for the
feant and that the baggage was duly
checked to Denver. Dinmore says that
Charles C Mclvor called for his wife at
the McXutt hospital in a closed carriage |
half an hour before the train left, and
that Mclvor was also fortunate enough to
be the last in this city to wish Mrs. Vln
cent-Cone-Dlnmore uie« Morgan) a bon
voj>ige. Joseph Van Praag, who 1b a
friend of Mclvor, and was on the train, is
supposed to be going to Denver with Mrs.
Dinmore to assist her in the closing up
of her business.
Charles Mclvor was around town yes
terday, and when asked about the affair
smiled and diplomatically kept his peace.
Last evening he was very busy dispatch
ing telegrams, and it is conjectured that
he is in communication with his. friend,
Van Praag.
"I don't know whether my wife Is in this
citv or is on her way to Denver," said
Dinmore last night. "I had a friend go
Tuesday evening to the McNutt hospital
to see my wife. He was told that my wife
was in the hospital, but that she had no
word she wished to send to me. Others
tell me that she left early Tuesday morn
ing in a hack with Mclvor to catch the
10 o"clock train for Denver. Well, there
you are. I don't know which to believe.
She may be in the city or she may be on
her way to Denver. I know one thing,
and that Is that I know of no reason why
*he should have acted the way she did.
I am going to let the whole affair pass out
of my mind and settle down to business
again.
"Mr. Mclvor also acted very peculiarly.
When the estrangement arose between me
and my wife he appeared to take a great
interest in the affair. I asked him to find
] out the reason for my wife's strange ac
! tlons. and he replied that he was as
! much at sea as I was. I have not met Mr.
I Mclvor yet. and think it very funny that
he has discontinued calling on me."
It appears that during Mrs. Dinmore's
short sojourn at the McNutt hospital she
made herself the confidant of the nurses.
She told them that she was through with
1 Dinmore and that she was going back to
[ Denver. It Is generally conceded that
! Mrs. Dinmore will institute divorce pro
! ceedings on her arrival In Denver, and
friends of both parties will learn with
much interest the grounds on which she
will make her plea for separation. j
Recovers From the , Shock
.;-¦ . of His Wife's Sudden
.•.¦;>'.. . Departure./ • :,-.\
DINMORE WILL
RESUME BUSINESS
"I wish to say," said the speaker, "that
the statement that the founder of our
university ever demanded the removal of
any ono Is absolutely false. Her opinion
that Professor Ross was not a fit person
to hold the position of an instructor was
shared by fully four-tifths of the faculty.
"Stanford University believes In leaving
and leaves its professors complete freedom
in matters of opinion, instruction and ac
tion. But believing as we do that all
freedom has Its proper limitations we
think that every one must exercise such
telf-restralnt as will prevent his infring
ing upon the rights of others. In thl.*
direction we propqse to protect the name
of the university and the rights of the
students entrusted to us, and we Intend
to see to It that the university will noc,
through the zeal of some of its professors,
be made the noisy tailpiece of any po
litical party.
"We think this but fair In the long run
to every one concerned, but. In any case,
it is the one course that ordinary sell
respect leaves open to us. And yet, In
our endeavor to carry out such a policy,
wt> of the Stanford University, after
seven or eight years of- fretted patience,
have lately been belabored the, length and
breadth of the land. Investigated by self
appointed committees, arraigned by pul
pit orators, as cringing sycophants;
sympathetic college professors 3000 miles
away have hastened to point at us aa
something vile, to be shunned by most
people and suspected by all; and be
cause we have not seen fit to open up the
matter in detail to the public gaze all the
stinkpots known to the arts of the dema
gogue have been turned loose upon us."
Continuing, the speaker said that those
responsible for the future of Stanford
University recognized the duty which lay
plain and straight ahead of them, and
that they proposed to follow It in spite
of bugaboos.
CHICAGO. Feb. 27.— At a banquet given
to-night by the University Club of Chicago
in honor of the delegates to the second
annual convention oi American univer
sities now in session in this city Vice
President John C. Branner of Leland
Stanford Jr. University spoke on "Free
dom of Speech In University Circles," and
took advantage of the occasion to lay be
fore the 200 assembled guests the opiniorn
shared by himself ami the other members
of the Stanford faculty concerning the
case of Professor Russ.
Party.
of Any Political
Says University Could Not Afford
to Be Made the Tailpiece
Excoriates the Persons Who
Have Espoused Cause
of Ross.
BRANNER SPEAKS
FOR STANFORD
General Manager "White arrived from
the Kast this morning. He at once de
pcended the slopes, and will remain on the
pround until operations are resumed. He
pives* it as his opinion that there will still
t»e sorne fire to fight on the sixth level
jifter it is opened.
immediately after the recovery of these
bodies the workers encountered much dif
ficulty on account of gas, which for a
time stopped progress. All day efforts
have been made to shut off the gas.
I^iite this afternoon six more bodies
¦were found, and they were brought up to
night.
At 4 o'clock this mornlnc word came to
the wurtmem that four bodies had been en
countcrcd the seventh level, and a few
minutes la"<T they were brought up. The
r.;en h.«d all f:illen face downward and
ell wi:h their heads in the wrong direc
tion, as one of the relief party expressed
It. Ins-tead of retreating from the advanc
x;:g smoke they had tried to ru&h through
the deadly gas. with the most deplorable
result. Of the eight hodies recovered
ir.ere was but one that showed any ap
jearar.ee of having suffered in the final
tgony. The exception was a man «hu
fctid literally buried himself in the earth
of the level in his ina-i effort to obtain re
liet from the deadly gas. After being re
moved to the surface the bodies were
stripped and washed and laid on the
piatform of the morgue for the purpose of
identification, being covered with sheets.
Xhere was no difficulty in identification.
&s the skin was not discolored nor were
the features distorted in any manner. It
Is believed that seven of the men died by
the deadly gas without knowing it. The
names of the men were: ICdou.ix<l Roni. I*.
rtoni. I^trenio Franzoi. Joe Kranzol, Ba
tista Bassolta, Florienl Arnr.zier.l. J. T.
Simpson and Everett Blmpson. The last
two were father and sun, the boy but
17 years old. The wife and mother of
these was yesterday reported as having
died from srief. Following the disaster
the had been subject to violent fits of
hysteria in which a state of coma would
ensue. One of these lasted po long that
her death was actually- believed to have
occurred. More than once to-day she
viewed the remains <jf her husband and
pon. only to be led away each time,
thrlekir.g with acute mental agony. At 1
o'clock to-day a bapgape car was moved
alongside the morgue. It had come from
Palt Lake, and contained a cargo of cof
fins. Into these the bodies were placed.
KSilMERER, Wyo.. F«b..r7.— An Impro
vised inorgrue at the inouth. of the Dia
mondville mine, this morning showed eight
¦corpses stretched- side by tide on a rug on
th« platform'.' . A'l '.nisht 'the.', relief shifts
had fought back gas at the entry, and
like chosts had pursued their | ghastly
work of r.ecurisig the dead. 'All-night Su
perintendent Sr.cddoh led his men' up to
the jaws 'of dra'th. "rior did he. relinquish
until the iirsi bouics were brought to Ihe
surface. Then trom sheer exhaustion he
¦was coir.pt ;;.<•¦ J to withdraw, only to re
turn &ft<er Ji'ur hours and again bury him
ee'il In the depth*.
J T .any of the Men Relieved to Have
Perished Without Being Aware ¦
of the Pressnce of . • -
• the Gas. ¦:'.'¦ '•¦'¦•¦'. • :
Work of Rescue Continuts
at the Diamondville.
y : :.'V" .:¦ Mine. ...". -V--^
FOURTEEN BODIES
ARE RECOVERED
The Henschels will make their last ap
pearances at Metropolitan Temple this
afternoon and on Saturday afternoon
next. These favorite singers will proba
bly not be again heard here, as this Is an
nounced definitely as a farewell visit.
Besides a good vaudeville bill, the
Chutes and Zoo .offer to-night aa special
attraction a ladles' running race and tha
usual amateur bill.
Fischer's this week numbers among its
performers the popular Tyrolean troupa
of Fiechti. Antonio and Conchlta Marti
nez, and the Leonis.
On Saturday next Norrls & Rowe'i bl*
animal show will begin an engagement
at the Mechanics' Pavilion at 2:30 o'clock.
This aggregation of educated animals Is
one of the largest In the world. Including
In all 300 elephants, zebras, goats, sea
lions, ponies, monkeys, dogs, anteatsrs.
seals and zebus. A popular prelude to
the show will be an Illuminated parado
which will take place on Friday evening
next, and In which most of the animal
performers will take part.
Robert HUllaicl and company, in their
charming playlets; Kathertne Bloodgood.
the picturesque society vocalist; John 1«
Hay the brothers Bard, A. L. Gullle. Du
mond's Parisian Minstrels. Al and Mami«
Anderson, the Kelcey sisters and the blo
graph. with new pictures, fill an excellent
bill at the Orpheum th,s week.
An excellent presentation of Belasco &
Fyle's big ml'itary drama. "The Girl I
Left Behind Me." given exactly as during
its appearance at the New York Academy
of Music, occupies the Central Theater
this week. Lorena Atwood and Clifford
Dempsey are rew-comers to the theater,
and appear for the first time In this play.
"The Black Flag" will follow.
"The Village Parson'" is the current bill
st the California Theater, and Is playing
to good houses. Next week Lewl» Mor
rison's big production of "Faust" with
the New York company.
The Grand Opera-house stage i« occu
pied this week by Howard Hall's play. "A
Husband's Honor." and Adgle's lions. Tlw
hero affords a sensational thrill with &
plunge Into a ilen of live lions after a
letter involving the honor of his w:f».
"Around the World In Eighty Days" will
follow.
The Alhambr* Is doin? excellent busi
ness this week with Al G. Field's "Greater
Minstrels." Tha entertainment is bright,
wholesome and original, and the political
parody is a most amusing affair.
"What Happened to Jones" Is In its sec
ond successful week at the Alcazar Thea
ter. Next week Augusttn Daly's popular
comedy "Countess Guckl" will be put on.
It will be beautifully staged and dressed.
"The Wlzar-1 of the Nile" has "made
good" at the Tlvoll Opera-house. It Is evi
dently In for a several weeks' run. After
ward "The Wedding Day" will be put on.
The "Wizard" is kept strictly up-to
date. The topical songs concern them
selves as ever with the affairs of the na
tion—more particularly "Carrie" of that
ilk. at this juncture— and Wheelan. Hart
man, Maude Williams, Bernlce Holmes.
Annie Meyers and Julie Cotte are all well
seen and heard.
The Columbia Theater has this we«k m.
star attraction in the long-heralded.
"Zaza," with Mrs. Leslie Carter In the
title role. The famour> Chicago actress
has found a splendid opportunity for th«
exercise of her peculiar genius. In Bela»
co's play, and has made of hla lowly hero
ine a living, vivid, vital figure. "Zaza" la
not food for babes, still, it is not so black
as it has been painted by the ingenious
press agent. Mrs. Carter's support Is
fully adequate, and among those who
have found an<l used well the excellent
opportunities of the play are Charles A.
Stevenson, Marie Bates and Hugo To
land.
'•Wizard of the Nile" Continue* to
Fill the Tivoli— Good Bills
at Alcazar and
Belasco's Play Not Quite as
Black as It Has Been
Painted.
"ZAZA" IS WEEK'S
STAR ATTRACTION
BABY OWENS FATALLY BURNED
WHILE ALONE IN THE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1901.
Pyrography outfit.*], sheepskins ' and
fanqy woods for burning. Cameras,, al
bums and books on photography in ar
tists' material department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market strctt. •
H. Anhlesser, a young man of neat ap
pearance, was arrested; by Detectlve3
Ryan and O'Dca yesterday and locked up
in the tanks at thj Cltv -prison. An
hiesser has been sneaking into the rooms
on the third floor, of the Palace Hotel.
Many article? havo oeon stolen from the
rooms of the hotel durln?, the oast two
weeks and a watch .w.1.3 sipt. Many:pawn
tickets- for valuable overcoats and dress
suits and pass keys to both the California
and Palace. hotels .were found on the pris
oner.- He was Identified at the prison by
several hotel watchmen:, Seven charge**
of burglary, will be entered against An
hiesser.
• •
• •
• •
9
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
'alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing". So,
bad soap is' better than
none. :
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not wel 1 bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
AH oorts of Btoresnell it," especially druggists;
all sorts oi people use it.
Pears'
GEAPE-NUTS.
SURPRISED.
Flavor of Food Won Her.
"When the landlady told me that the
new dip h at my plate was the much talked
of food, Grape-Nuts, I tasted It languidly,
expecting the usual tasteless, Insipid
compound posing under some one of tho
various names of 'breakfast foods.'
"I am a school teacher and board. Have
usually be<;n in robust health, but last
spring I had th<? much dreaded symptoms
of Fprtng fever set In with great severity.
1 could hardly keep at rr,y work and head-
aches were almost constant. Food had
become nauseating: and I only partook of
rr.y sort of food from a sense oi duty.
"My niffhts were tper.t In distress. Tht
first taste of Grape-Xuts yielded a flavor
thai was new and attracted me at once.
) arose from the table satisfied, having
'njoyed my meal as I had not done for
wr-fjks. Eo I had Orar>e-Xuls food .for
breakfast every day and soon found other
reasons besides my »aste for continuing
th* food.
"All of the spring: fever pymptoms dis-
appeared, the headaches, kft, my com-
plexion cleared up, and after a sunper of
Grnpe-NutB I found myself able to sleep
'.ilte a haby, In spite of a hard day and
lard evening's work. The food has never
l ailed on my appetite nor failed In fur-
r:!s}ilng a perfect meal, full of strength
and yieor. I know from my own experi-
ence of the value of i.ils food for any one
who fee!* strength lacgins . uadcr the
strain of work, and it Is evident that the
claim made by the makers that It a
brain f<md is well .aKen. Plrase omit my
rxir.c if you publish ibis." The lady lives
In Hanover. Ind. Natrc supplied by Poe-
iiCT Oreal «^-. r^I.. little Creek. MJch.
1 Next Sunday s Call
THE GREAT STORY,
l|v|!i||
[p^ Command= t=== {
rnptit "
i - III I H I A
Mrs. Leslie Garter
Written Specially foi»
THE SUNDAY CALL
And Will Appear in No Other Paper in America.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28,-1901.
10
GLAIRVOYAKT9. (
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is -permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
i and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send, etamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist rnd card reader; 25c. .7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 116th; German spoken: tel. Howard 1S46.
MMK. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S l ,_ Jessie st.. bet. Cth & 6th.
MRS B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy St.
MMB. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 .Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth Bt.
CARPET BEATIXO AND CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPA UL DING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lr.g Works. 553-337 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Got» f»ve. : telephone East-J2fi.
CIimOPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Insrown nails, warts, chll-
hl8in«: rminleP!« —ire. Dr. Puncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lw successful. Room 310. f>27 Market »t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
RESIDENCE furniture of 6 sunny rooms for
pale cheap and bay-window cottage to let.
Inquire from 9 a. m. till 2 p.m., 1719 Bu-
chanan St., between Post and Sutter.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms; yard; cellar; $9. Apply
1019 Lombard Bt., near Hyde.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and basement. Apply
923 Shotwell fit. „
SUNNY. 4 rooms, yard, $10: water free. « Rln-
con ave. : key 623 Second st. a
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC. SC9 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. .7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates bur specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 vx>: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. % See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c; plates.
$6. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st._ ¦.
EIGHT rrizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, rainless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made ovor like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: ras given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission Ft., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c. c
DR.R.L.WALSH.S15i)_ Geary, nr. Larkln-Paln-
less extraction S0c:plate« $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full get of teeth. 34; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. O. TRUEMAN. dentist. thlrdVloor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET ct teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1311 Polk et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. °
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES-
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Poet, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
° EDUCATIONAL.
EVENINO ~ "SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS "COL^
LEGE. 1236 Market st.; individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $6 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market, Bt.
AIRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $8 per month; $."0 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship; etc. ; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bidg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter,, teacher j of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poat *~.
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new 80-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
coilegei; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
!<o«ltlons tn all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
TEACHER for children; plnno or violin; Mta
half-hour lessons at pupil's home. Box 192S,
Call. ¦¦¦.-.¦ - . -.
MINING schopl of H. HirschlnR. 334 Kearny st Jf
open : day and eve. classes; chemistry, lixlva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology. * coal oil formation.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand • and
typing, removed to new quarters,- rms/ '40-45
Parrott bldsr. ; Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping figures; short
time TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mech.. sur-
vey. a*«ay. cyanide, arch.: ¦ day. eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLF.N SCHOOL. 333 Market.
PROF. MKRKI. from P»ris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: exp-rlenced. - ions MlfPion st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping grammar, writing,
etc.; dsy or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, tir. 6th.
'COACHING In high school mathematics a *v*-
clalty: simple methc'is. successful. 3040; 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S.DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nisht class. ' 424 Pine *t.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House--
cleanlng Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1123 Sutter. near Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn. : domestic servants; work executed
J with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 378.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks. WRiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Poet st ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE central house-el»anlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 628 O'Farrell St.. tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main M8S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
cse help fur. 544 California; phone James 3601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japaneee Employment Office —
R«»st holn. 411U O'Farr»Il *t.. tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl of 5 years,
wishes chamber work, work roomlng-housa
or plain cook small boarding-house; refer-
ences; wages $12. 744 Howard st.
COMPETENT Swedish tlrl wants place as cook
or second work: good cook: best of city refer-
ences; $25 or $30. Call at 710 North Point »t..
between Hyde and Montgomery ave.
SWEDISH girl of experience; good cook; also
housework: city reference. Call from 11 to 4.
1C50 Howard st.. room 20.
RESPECTABLE girl desires position; second-
1 work: Is first-class chambermaid; best refer-
ences; wages $25. Please call 348 Post Bt.
RESPECTABLE elderly lady wishes position at
light, housework or to care for the sick; good
references. 1050 McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by young girl of 17 to do
light upstairs work or care for a child. 1 Essex
place, between Folsom and Harrison sts.
WANTED— Position by middle-aged English
woman: working housekeeper, cook on farm;
best references.. 913 Flllmore. nr. McAllister.
RELIABLE young woman wants work by the
day; washing or house cleaning. Call or ad-
dress 102 Jessie St.
ELDERLY lady wishes to take charge of one
or two Infants and will give them a mother's
care. 925H Natoma st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, cleaning. 19
Stevenson ave., oft Valencia st.
ELDERLY American woman desires to go as
housekeeper; experienced with entire care of
motherles* children; also cooking, washing
and entire work; references given; wages $10
to 115, Box 1915. Call.
FRENCH lady, teaching French and also ex-
cellent German, wants a position as gover-
ness; no objection to country; best references.
Address box 0010, Call office.
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wants position
to do housework in an American family. Call
at the residence of the pastor of Swedish M.
E. Church, 1C39 Minna st.
EMBROIDERY and lace of all kinds worked by
MRS. DAWKENS. 1722 Miaslon St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman. Spanish, fine cook,
pastry cook; in fln<» family or boarding-
house; wages $30 to $35. Box 1957, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by the day
, or week. Address box 1962. Call offlco. 2
REFINED young lady wants position in fam-
ily or with Invalid lady as companion or
amanuensis; references. Box 1950, Call.
WINCHESTER m>use. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
k?t— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. °
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C93
Valencia st. . ¦¦ ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, first-class florist and landscape
gardener.- also vegetable and orchard, can
furnish the best of recommendations, wishes
situation in a large private place; city or
.country. Box 1927, Call. ¦ =
NURSE and attendant, well recommended,
wants position with Invalid gentleman; will-
ing to make himself useful. HENRY FICHT-
NER, IOCS Mission st.
STATIONARY engineer, strictly sober and In-
dustrious, capable, of making all repairs. 12
years' experience, wants steady position;
best of references. Box 1S45. Call. >, :
COACHMAN, first-class horseman, - groom,
wants situation; can milk cows, care garden;
good references. J. K.. box 1921, Call.
A YOUNG colored man would like situation In
private family; thoroughly understands the
care of horses and careful driver, and make
himself generally useful. Box 19S9, Call..
WORK wanted by a first-class paperhanger,
decorator and painter; country or city; refer-
ences. given. Address box 1922. Call office.
ANYBODY wanting a good private family cook
call at CHONG WING & CO.'S, 902 Clay st.,
room 2.
FRUIT growers— Situation wanted on an or-
chard farm by responsible, capable man; un-
derstands curing fruit, grafting, pruning,
spraying and cultivation of trees and vines.
Address P. G., box 1346, Call office. '
YOUNG man wishes situation: good experience
In general offlc« work, soliciting and collect-
Ing; knowledge of bookkeeping: best refer-
ences. J. DANIEL TUKE. Winchester Hotel.
STEADY young man wants position as book-
keeper: good recommendation. Address 24
- Poet gt. ¦ „¦ ¦ - . ¦
CAKE baker, second or third hand, would
, like to have place; large bakery preferred;
experienced in trade. Address box 1959. Call.
A GENTLEMAN of middle age and of large
education desires a position of .trust: best
references. Box 1893. Call. , f
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Ptflmore Ft.
KKATHKII J'IM.OWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson St. ¦
KLAT.H TO LET.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 10.12
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEX _ CO..
1 14 Montgomery »t.
FOR Sa'.e— 8-room flat, elegantly furnirhed, for
. a nice home. 1048 Kills et.'
SUNNY flat cf 3 rooms; rent $9. Powell St.,
near Broadv.-ay. Inquire 1308 Powell St..;;.
TO let— Upper -flat; 7 rooms; rent' 525. 701
O'Farrell et. .-_. , : ¦
KLAT.S Hi ; |,(jr_ p'liK.\l3>H_£--
CORNER sttnr.y furnished flat, 5 rooms. 214
Frederick st
r rPRKITPltB FOR gALB. _
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4 S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of.S-room flat for sale cheap. 7
Margaret ¦; place, . off Turk, near Mason.
i 7 Ft'llMTUllE WAIVTK1J.
Auctioneer— L.VIncent.1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn' d houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E. Cody, 757 Missioned. Red 3353.
CHAS. | LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED FEMALE. .
A BRIGHT, smart business woman for this
office; one who has haa experience in an
employment office preferred. Apply C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
A crew of 8 waitresses for new hotel, choice
place, start the end of week, 8 chairs.. $20
2 waitresses, near city, . first-class hotel.. ..$20
3 waitresses, institution, board, room • and
washing .:... ..; .....$20
2 waitresses, experience not necessary, fare
• paid '. $a a week
10 waitresses, city -. ..:.J20
Chambermaid, first-class country hotel, free
fare $30
2 waitresses, Los Angeles, free- fare $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, house 3irls. second girls, city and
country, wages from $10 to 30. C. R. HAN-
BEN _ CO., 104 Geary gt.
A MAN and wife for a private place: see.
party here this afternoon at 1:30; J35. : C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. I
M. E. DAY & CO ..;Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, commercial hotel, $23 60, full
fare advanced, half fare paid: 2 waitresses,
hotel, near city, 120; 10 waitresses, different
£ country; hotels, $20; 9 waitresses, city, $20:
2 restaurant waitresses, J6; 5 chambermaids
to wait, $20. ° t ° ¦ o ¦ '*¦
:... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..V
Cook. $30, call early; coo)t, 3 In family, no
* laundry. $25; 6 houseglrls. $20 and $25; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20; young upstairs girl, $15. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.,,285 Geary Bt,
TWO waitresses, $?' per week, arm work,
? c nlce place; 18 girls for general housework,
good 'places. Cal. Emp. Agency. 59 Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
wWoman pastry .cook- for institution, $50.
WANTED — Woman quick to discriminate.' to
: employ representatives: salary; expens.es; no
canvassing. Box 1914. Call. .
: WANTED— Girl to do housework; small fam-
ily: no children; at San Rafael; wages $20.
Apply., 210-212 Fremont Bt., city.
STEADY person; plain cooking and Ironing;
no washing: private family; ref. required of
landlady. Sherman House. 28 r Eighth st.
A NEAT young girl for light housework; good
home; wages $12. Call at 473 Fourteenth at.,
near Guerrero.
YOUNG girl from 12 to 18 years to assist In'
housework. 1334 Twelfth ave.. Sunset; take
Halght-st. car.
LIGHT housework and cooking for 3:- Sundays
off; no washing; $15 per month. Call between
9 and 12 at 301 Jones st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
eelf-assertlon; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 41.. Parrott building.
CUSTOM shirt operators and finishers. D. C.
HEGER, 1344 Market st., opp. Seventh.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 2502
Claj- st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress for restaurant. Apply
43 Third st. .•
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
Please call 1309 Stockton Bt.
A YOUNG. g_rl to assist with second work.
1072 Ellis St.. near Gough.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 26 and 28
Fourth st. •
WANTED— Neat nurseglrl, care 2 children;
references. £>27 Baker st. ¦' .-,\X
NEAT reliable girl wanted to ; assist general
housework; car fare paid. 666 'Castro at.
DRESSMAKERS and improvers; bpdy, work.
409 Turk st. * . -(-.~9: -.;. W f
WAITRESS wanted: small place; $13 anl
found. 1224 Pclnt Lobos ave. ; Geary-st. cars.
WANTED-Waltress at Hotel Repelier, 7S1
Sutter st.
WANTED — Girls to sew shirts; good class of
'work; good pay; steady employment guaran-
teed. Apply The L; ELKUS CO., 29 and 31
- Batter}' st. >
LADIES to leern a trade and be Independent;
barber trade taught In eight weeks; halr-
dresslng In four weeks; catalogue mailed free.
MOLER'S Barber and Halrdressing College,
635 Clay st.
GOOD experienced vest makers wanted: also
apprentices; good pay; steady work. 523
Stevenson at. *
EXPErvIENCED operators on silk waists can
make $10 per week. LIVINGSTON Mfg Co.,
226 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' cotton
shirtwaists. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at. 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED — Competent nurse: 2 children; wages
520. CATTELL'S. 525 Eighty at.. Oakland.
SCANDINAVIAN girl; boarding-house cook.
NELSON'S, Oregon St., near Drumm.
GERMAN girl; general housework; small fam-
ily, wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
AN experienced apprentice girl to work on fine
cU3tom cor.ts. 324 Kearny Et.,.room 9.
FIRST-CLASS, up-to-date woman cook: wages
good; some work. 13S7 Alice St.. Oakland.
WANTED— A Swiss or German girl for general
housework. 621 Commercial Ft.
WANTED — 2 experienced waitresses; none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third nt.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers and ventila-
tors. 40 Geary St. .
WANTED — An experienced girl for downstairs
work: must be a good cook; wages $25. 11S0
.O'Farrell st.
REFINED^ willing girl to assist with the
care of V*Zf> small children; references re-
quired. Call at 900 Devisadero St., afternoon.
GIRL to do cooking and plain washing. Xo. 6,
Presidio. ¦'
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. "23 Market St., room 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' «¦' ¦
HELP IVANTICU MALE.
AT ciR. HANSEN & CO—PHONE GRANT 1SJ
RAILROAD WORK. •
Tunnelmen: big tunnel; Chatsworth Park.
Teamsters and laborers; new work.
FREE FARE. , FREE FARE.
Colored coal miners, married and single;
beat of wages; free fare. Apply by phone,
wire or U'tter, or call In person; ship in
about eight days. .
° Vegetable gardener; $30; Bee boas here.
2 woodchoppers for country hotel; $35 A board.
2 Swiss milkers; $30. .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
W r a?her, hotel laundry, country, $45 and
found; cake baker, country. $50; 2 waiters,
family hotel. $32 50; broiler, $60; man and
wife, private place, country, $33, see parts
here. C. R. HANSRN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— This morning at 7 o'clock: 10 la-
borers, with blankets, ready to start on train
for railroad work; free fare. C. R. HANSEL
& CO., 104 Geary st.
W. HARRIQAN, the laundry washer, please
call. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A— WANTED— ~~~
German blacksmith, for ranch, $43; Germar
blacksmith helper, for ranch, $30; Germar
harness-maker, for ranch, $30; blacksmitr
helper, city. $12 a week; milker, for city,
$35. Swiss preferred; milker, for country. $40,
fare paid: hostler, livery stable. $30; chore,
man, for ranch, $25; man about place, conn
try, $25; German man about place, near city,
¦ $25; experienced grocery wagon driver. $1(
> a? week; baker's helper, country, $20 an<i
¦ found ; orchard hand, south. ,$40 and room
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.'
A WOODTURNER, one shaper and band
sawyer, two cabinet-makers; non-union: n<
office fees. Mechanics* Registration Bureau
410 Kfarny St. - .
TEAMSTERS, $1 75. to $2 per day; redwood tie
makers, steady job; quarry men, $175 to $
- per day. ' Cal. Emp. Agency. 6S Third st.
! JOURNEYMAN IJarbers' International Unlon-
-Free employment; only recognized union, li;
Turk; tel. Folsom Ii83. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— For country place, | experienced so
. llcitdr for cleaning 'and dyeing: single man
willing to exert himself to own his own' bust
! ness; state nge and experience. C. & D.. boj
1920, Call.
• WANTED — Competent "single young man ai
¦ stenographer in business office: answer li
own handwriting, giving age. experience am
references. '..'Address box 1929, Call office.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push
good opportunity to right man. P. PERSON
room 412. ¦- Parrott building. '.
WANTED— Steady, man; light indoor work
will pay $15' week to "tart; steady place
must have $75. McLAUGHLIN. 777V4 Market
' WANTED — Cn shboys. aged 14 years or over
'Apply, HALIS BROS., 979 Market st.
¦ WANTED— Flr»t-clae«. sober bedmaker. Cai
t 3 o'clock at HD Third st.
HELP WASTED HALE.
A-MURRAY & READT-PHOXE MAIX MM
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. White male help of all kinds furnished
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every employer of help.
Xo syndicate too large, no firm too email for
us to supply. No objection to distance. \> e
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write.
or call in person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We cave employment
In 1897 to upward of 17.C00 men.
' In 1898 to upward of 19.0oO men.
In 1S99 to upward of 21.*>» men.
In 19C0 to upward of ii.i-oO men.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay n.
A— HELP WANTED AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Married farmer, no objection to children... »»0
Stableman, country stables $»>
2 pruners, vineyard, see boss here .f.'S
Man for nursery V.O
1 gardeners. 125 and J30 hostler. J30
Choreman for ranch, fl fare I2E
4 farm hands. *20 and $25: 6 milkers. $30
5 teamsters, city $26 and $175 day
7 choremen and boys $10. $15, $20 and $15
Errand boy. *4 a week: boys for stores.
I Foreman bread baker '. * SW
8 chefs and 2 second cooks $50, $40 and no
2 young men for Institution Sl»
Walters, city end country $25 anl $30
Ranch cook — •-" ..$3?
The above are a few ' of the positions w»
have to offer. For full lists call down and
read our bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY, «4-«3l Clay rt.
WANTED— Few good peddlers; call early. 1«4
Tehama . st. . = ' ••
DISHWASHER wanted at Hotel Montrose. 1020
Van Ness ave. Call between 8 and 10 o'clock.
BOY to be "useful In stationery store; *3 week.
Address box 1919, Call.
WANTED— An energetlo young man. Apply
at 23 East si. "
WANTED— An , old man to run passenger
; elevator. 40 Ellis gt.
COOK wanted at 1012 Battery st.
BRIGHT boy wanted to run errands. R. I-»
TOPLITZ A CO., 649 Market St.
WAITER wanted. Apply at 19 Powell *st.
GOOD lunch cook for saloon. Palmgarden,
821 Market st.
WANTED- MO men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c Boston House. 930 Howard et.
CHANCE for active, temperate man In per-
manent position of trust as collector and in-
side man with real estate and loan company;
must make cash deposit for honesty; salary
$1S weekly with chance of advancement; ex-
perience ¦ unnecessary: references exchanged
| and unlncumbered real estate security given
for money deposited. Address In own hand-
writing. Permanent, box 1906, Call office,
WANTED— A first-class bushelman to work In
tailor rhop on unfinished coats; must be good
tailor; also 1 or 2 bastera to work by the
piece; steady work and good pay. 27 Geary
gt.. S. N. _W0ODS' workshop.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman;
.. state age, experience and salary expected.
, Apply box 1911, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
fre«. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard St.;
- no barroom chairs used In this college.
APPRENTICE wanted. Pacific Electric Motor
go.. 1S3 Jessie st.
BOY wanted, aged 15 to 13. Apply 44S Fifth
St., corner Bryant.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to .0c. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL MEN — Our catalogue explains how we
teach the trade In two months, saving two
years; mailed free. We have no 5c shop In
connection with our college. Our chairs and
furniture are all made to order with a view
to cleanliness and convenience. MOLER'S
Barber College, 635 Clay et. Bewar«,of any
cheap Imitations.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman In furniture and carpets; state
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age; applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this Information
complete. Address R. F. B.. box 1637. Call.
WANTED— Laborevs and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, atill
runs Denver House. 217 Third et. ; VA large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TAILORS— Ladles' tailor wanted for country;
must be first class and rapid." Apply at
STEIN. SIMOX A CO.'S. Market and Second.
WANTED— A strictly first-class carriage black-
smith. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS CO..
Sacramento. Cal. •
WANTED— Men to drive teams; steady work.
Apply early to GRAY BROS.' stables. Seven-
• teenth St., near Guerrero.
IMMEDIATELY: three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call &9 Columbian building, city. *
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
WANTED — Competent German cook for coun-
try hotel; wages $J0. 616 Clay st, 8 a. m.
YOUNG German from good family, to learn
confectionery trade. Call at 13C8 Polk at.
BOY or Junior wanted in drug store: 16 years
of age. Apply WHITE & CO.. 499 Gough st.
WANTED— Man to do light work: flre and
found. 30 Hannah st.. Watts Tract. Oakland.
WANTED — Good coatmaker; wages. 225H
Montgomery ave.
WANTED — 25 good teamsters: steady Job and
good wages. J. O* Shea. 17th and Vermont.
WANTED— Good country solicitors. Monterey
Central Oil Co., room 40S, Examiner bullrtlnc
BARBERS— Good-paying shop for sale. 20(
Powell st.
BARBER shop for sale; must sell. Call Im-
mediately, 1612*. Folsom st.
50 TEAMSTERS, steady work. $1 75 and $2 per
day. Apply .12 Ninth st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slleUtly > damaged, haif
price. S62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
Carpenters, blacksmiths A green hands whal-
ing cruise on steamer. Herman's. 2S Steuart.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 527 Fourteenth
street.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, wimcn A green hands;
all parts of vrorld. HERMAN'S. 16 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. X06 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCH ESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night: readlntr-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggae to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 109(
Valencia st.
HORSES A\D WAGOXS.
| 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
£27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence lti
: Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying tc
M. L. Panconst. sea. 510 Golden Gate ave
i -_______--__-__--___________ —
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DR L
KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 164 Goldet
Gate ave.. cor. Loavenworth st.
FOR sale— Good family cow. 510 Kalght ave
I Alameda.
¦ THREE fast road horses; also soma eooc
' - business horses, at 721 Howard st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons
' carts, buggies, gurreys. horses. 1140 Folsom
i AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also llgh
i camping wagon, for sale cheap. £32 Minion
• CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
! Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In thi
united Statea or Canada one year for $1.
l HOUSKS TO LET.
! A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let; tend for dr
cular. O. H. UMRSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery
'¦ TIOCSBS TO I^CT— LTUMSHKI).
, FURNISHED house of h rooms; all full; ren
) $30: a snap. 417 Harmon st.
I
INVALID FUIISITURE.
I INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent
, F. GOODBAX. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st
LOST AM) r»UMI.
' $50 REWARD for the return of solitaire dia
1 mond scarf pin lost at Cliff House. Sundat
24th Inst. Return to FREL> DE FEKUARI
2 217 Montgomery ave.
J A REWARD given to party, who Is known
picked up lady's satchel containing mon»
and ticket, corner Eighth and Folsom sti
26th lnat. Return to 1327 Howard st.
" Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing O Nolt»
j Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Maso"
- OLD gold, silver, diamonds and nr»ctou<i stnn»
J bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Marke? ,t.
1 — — ——¦»——-
MAT" MI O M.v I..
' GENTLEMEN/wlshlnTTo maVrTw^althy" "ia-lU
' send 10c tor* list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 El *s ,'
'' M MB R ni G i F tr bI^r : confidential list. 1*
I MR. BLAKE, 323 Kearny st,. rooms 4 and ;
¦ i ?v^ >>Ks __**!> »'••»•"». '••»'¦«_«¦»
MATTRES^E¥~al^uchoTs7e7yTteT^o^7h~Tr
- to orrter or renovated, feather and h«
1 fteamed: expert carpet cleanlnr- _tH?.i.
liable. HOPKE BRlAf SS3S"_te?Sh f
MEDICAU
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, the «•&.
known ladies' upecialists; 32 years* praeti-*;
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranty
at office; patients treated can return sams
day: those wishing to treat themselves »hou ! l
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT.
MEXT; a sure cure: gives Ir.stant relief; harm-
less; any one can U3e It: stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give instant
relief for any ailment; safe and reliable: 10
years In Q. C. Hospital. London; practiced in
S. F. since 1SS4; maternity home; fe« low.
1GCTH Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 907 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician: 25 years'
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed:
when others fall consult free; hours 9 to ».
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home for patients: con-
sult free. 341 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lrkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist.
5II.NK8 am) unna
MINES bought and sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tiiton. rms.
47»-<78. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
MISCEIXA.MiOlS KOIt SALK.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH _. WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: w» always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1C» Mission »t..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
EUY a brand-new typewriter for 13 down and
13 per month: writs for catalogua and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, S3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 21« Spear st.
FOR sale— A 21< egg Jubilee hatcher at a,
bargain. Inquire of F. M. SUTTOX. I74«
Dwight way. Berkeley, after 1 p. m.
A — 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
A— 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap, i J. BURKE. 139 Beal» st.
FOR sale— Store fixtures, all kinds. Apply
MRS. FRANK SILVA. San Rafael.
TWO fresh Jersey cows and calf for sale at 2321
Twenty-third et., near City and County Hos.
FOR sale— Pedigreed cocker spaniel pupa. 4113
Twenty-fourth st.
TO IND-HAND enameled bath tubs: 20 H. P.
Westlnghouso motor; cheap. 204 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. I-. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 58 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
1 boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and aold. White, 61S Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic ' lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lantern*, new and 2d-hand moTlnj
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Pot at.
8A FES— New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCEL.LAXF.OL'S WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off, clothing bought 4»
sold. Sllverman, 9$4 folsotn: tel. Folsom 1131.
GOOD homes for 2 or 3 young cats. 1112 Va-
Uejo st.
MOMS* lu LUAA.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. S'V, Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; $ per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortsases and legacies bought: no il« •
lay; get my terms before doing busineaa etse-
wbere. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, r. i.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party: no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jone*.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
OX ° furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room Si.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 4t. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
1100.000 TO loan on real estate or for building ;
loir rate. Home Bldsr. Co.. 223 Sansome. r. -.
LOAXS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; «%. undi-
vided Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. TUB
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Afr^ncv. 143 Phelan blar.
J/:] MUSICAL IAST.IU3IEXTS.
ANT person having use for a piano can Oe ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay 4k Cn.'a with,
eaftlest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Stefnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange me>llum and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlmo
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for *S caah and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for 13, $1 and J5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers, cor.
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
PACKARD— Packard— Packard— is the name to
keep in mind when you want to buy a first-
class piano for a fair price. A full assort-
ment can always bo found at MAITVAI3*.
769 Market st.
PIANOS for cash— planoa on time— pianos
cheap — and pianos high — price can bo had at
MAUVAIS'. 763 Myket 3t.
TOU cannot make a mistake If you buy *
Decker & Son. Packard, Daumeister. Smith A
Barnes, Willard or Arlington ptano at
MAUVAIS'. 76J Market st. You can pay cast.
or Installments.
AT 'wholesale until March 1st, 70 new pianos.
$13S up. Greatest offer ever ma.Je In price*
and terms )3 per month and up.
C Ptelnways *«M
1 Novella *«2
4 Hallet & Davis *«9
8 Heine I3S3
7 Clilckerings. SO ethers '. J2-W
TVe handle all makes: agents for some of
the oldest and meat famous pianos In ex-
istence.. Hallet Davis, Behr Eros.. Jewett.
etc.; agents wanted. HEINE PIANO COM-
PAXY. 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTEILT the oliJest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S?. M.
?S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and aattsfy th*
customer.
WE have too many s'cond-hanil pianos; prlc«
from BO to JUO; will go cheap: crowded for
room for new piams; prices and terms beat
rent: new pianos from $175" up: see °the new
H»--Ieton— nothing better made. THE J.
DEW1NO CO.. FljDd btilldlnj.
X BOXA-FIDE cleaning-out removal sale cf
aecond-hand pianos at low auction prices I-'i
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage." 1710
Market st.
A FEW new pianos for JlCn; n»coni1-
hand from J30. KEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX.
16 O'FarreU st. Chickering anti Voso agency.
CLOSING out stock of elegant pianos; send.
for price. TV. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
FIXE standard uprisht piano; must be sacri-
flced tn 5 days: leaving city. 324 Uoliten Gale.
WANTED— Second-hand ptano cheap for cash;
no dealers. Box 18SQ. Call office.
•WANTED— Plve good square pianos for coun-
try school*. BYRON MAUZY. _CS Poat St.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hanlman. Con-
__over and other*. Wiley U Allen Co.. 311 Post.
BA J«GAIN— Must be sold; "nice upright r-tano.
SCHMITZ. 1& McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
Powerful tone. HORXUXG. 218 McAllister.
r»YRON MAUZY. agency Sohcier * Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Oabier and Spellman piano*. 3CS Po»t.
ON rale— Steinway uprleht. fXO. 117 Oeary st..
room 36.
SFECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; see oar
leader, only ltr.0. BRUENN. »S Post »t
AT KEEFFE'S 033 Market St.. * elegant up-
at your own price. Shoninger agency.
HkST rent Mock In city; new pianos. 13 p^?r
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Ha yea »t.
SITPER1OR violins zithers, old 'and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, ? Latham ylnce^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases, in wrapper, for mailing. $". per year-
¦K* tffui _••«*»»• ¦ nraiuian AM* - . ' "*> - «»-.•• •IXC M
.|j|C^ V , FERDINAND HOLTUM. ?*<y '
WyEg|g^ Wholesale and Retail Liquor Dealer
„ e . •»•*•¦>¦*•»•, Ciuurt •
,^ *K 8 IT CALIFOttftA STREET
......... .„..„.'.. -;¦ y-p 47£«»\_y^-*»«-»--»» .©?/ era gft igQ|
W. S/. LEAKE, Esq., //
Manager The Call, City.
Dear Siri
I have been an advertiser in the dif-
ferent papers several years, but in my
experience The Call has given by far the
best returns of any city paper. Recently
I wished to sell a thousand gallons of
wine and selected The Call as the paper.
The whole quantity was disposed of as the
result of a three-time advertisement, and
this quick sale waB made entirely from
advertising in : your paper.; I shall con-
tinue, tp give you the bulk of my adver-
tising.:/ /;;, Very truly yours, t ,. ,.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Francisco I
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
vstll J3 o'clock every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:39 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£33 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
f.23 Larkin street; open until 9:S9 p. m.
"1941 Minion street; open until 10 p. m.
txi Market street, corns* BJg'eenth; open
tint!! S p. m.
J->6 Klever.th street; «T#« ««tn.9 p. m.
100? Vs'.crcia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Kort-nrcct cor.ier Twenty-second and Ken- ]
tc-'.:v mmi; orw«n until 9 p. m.
MKKTINU NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of Terba Buena __£. j
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. tT
Scottish Rite of Fre^mSsonry. will be t\
he'd in Oommandery Hall. Masonic JsXi.
Temple, on THURSDAY EVF.NING, «*-» .
j"e K _* 1901, et S o'clock. Election of officers. }
HI.NRT BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 7». R." A. M-— 11
Special meeting THI3 (TOUR?DAT) .j\» '
BVEXIXG, ".SO o'clock. Mark Master J\J\
degree. By order of the H. P. ' ~ '
JNO. R. HILL-MAN. Secretary. (
CALIFORNIA LocLee No. 1, F. and A. M .
U_ will meet THIS (THURSDAY) *#%
EVENING. February £8. at 7:10 /V/< .
o'clock. Third degree. By order of the •
Ma-?tej\ FRANKLIN" H. DAT. Sec 1
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. jt
Jt— Special meeting THIS (THURS- ,#V» •
PAT) EVENING, at 7:33 o'clock. 6«e-7E3\ ]
OB'S derree. Fellowcr__ft Masons oor- r
dually invitefl. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary. *
DORIC L©*ge~No. 216, F. and A. M.— O
f perial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _JV_ '
EV__NrNG. at 7:50 o'clock. Third de-TClr
rree. Master Hasans are cordially ln-/^r > :
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary. .
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1H5, I. O. O. .s«_jC£_«ft. '
F. — Inlt'.ctlon THIS (THURS-^^j^^Ji .
DAY) XIOHT. February 2S. .
Brothers invited. /"»v
ADOLPHT8 E. GRAtTPNER. N". G. .
KRANKLTN M. CARSON. Rec. Sec .
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v %f*i
rr.«»Ls THIS rrHCHSDAT) EVEN- 2>, C& UJ •
ING. Fraternity Hall. S2 O'Farrell \>&g£ '
Ft., -it i o'clock. Smoker follows.
GEOKGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE \V. PATERPON. Recorder.
AGEICTS -WAJTTKD.
THE Rio Michol Rubber Company of Ban
FYands<-o. CaL. grants intelligent mm to act
«s Its agents throughout the United States;
rntrst be men of character, address and push.
The company otcrs large properties. :s ou< of
or it end in a tVjroughly sound and flourish-
ing condition. It has a considerable acreage
already planted to rubber and has a large
force cf men oonrtantly at work. It offers '
for rale a llm'.ted nutrber of interest bearing
aril Installment certificate*. A comnaratlvely
ra«]| amount invented now will produce large
rn.1 sieaflnc inTeaning income in near future.
The corporation Invites closest Investigation.
AgT.ts and interested persons apply Rio Mi-
chol P.cbber Co.. r. 6S-«5. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
AOKXTS-Do jrtm want something more profit-
able er.d easier to well than books or Insur-
rnire? A«d. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott b'.dg.
WAXTEP — A*ent« in each city: good money.
Pac'.nc Ccart M. -fe I-. Co.. 46» »th. Oakland.
SOLICITORS \vsnte4: good pay; permanent.
Arrly 12 to l. room SIS. Parrott building.
ACTN'T in every town for "Life of Queen Vie-
irr\n." <-»!. PtjK Co .. VTl Market, r. 708. 3. F.
ATTORNKYS AT I, AW.
JR. W. KING. P-7 Market rt.. 6th floor, room 627
— Frtates. damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
oo'.l«ctirr.f; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges: loans on estates. TeL Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; dlvorre law a. *r>edalty: private;
t>o fen vrithovt fuco»«s: colloctlons. O. \Y.
HOTVE. attv at Utt. 830 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages; es-
t*te*: rnlnlng; open even. EM Parrott bldg.
KRANK V.'. mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills b'.-r.. r. 3. 4th fir.; tel.RedaClS.
ADVICE fr»e; no charge unless successfuL W.
TT. DAVIDSON. 8=7 Market St.. cpp. Mason.
L. S O.AT.K. Kmir.a Sr-reekels bl<!g.. «27 Mar-
V"t Ft.; consultation tr*+: rt fees In advance.
ASPHAT/TC*! nOOKIJVG.
J. PELTIER, -asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
TPtrM- postal. H*S Mission: tel. Folsom 1S07.
noAitmxG for ciiii.nnEX.
WANTED— Ry highly respectable couple, the
care cf child 2 to 4 years, long or short
period; terms moderate: fine home and sunny
ysrd: object, companion for our own child
C 5 -* yacr*. Box 014. <*«11 o£3ce.
ROME wanted in the Mission for two boys,
ap^d 6 and 10 years. Address box 19J0. Call
ofice.
LADY would like 2 children to board: fur-
n:shed room for parent. 24f Shipley st.
TLF.Af ANT home, near school; no other chll-
«*.per: cor>d care. 4-2 nipper st.
OC&IM.SS CIIAACK9.
A— %ll'J>; SALOON clcee to Montgomery st.;
place established 20 years; clearing at least
S2.V) per ironth; 3 furnished rooms included;
rent t;r.. i>all R. G. WIL.KE. S6*_ Kearny.
A-JI2S0; PARTNER in first-class paying and
b~Et Vacated coffee house In this city; expe-
rience not necessary, as incoming partner's
duty will be to attend cash and books: hon-
»-« man only ne«d apply. Call R. _G.
WILKE. 2G>_ Kearny St.
A— RARE chance for first-claa* paying saloon
r.^ar Emporium: S furnished rooms included;
owner cornpelled to leave for Iowa. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26' A Kearny st.
A— tWi; PORK and delicacy store; rent $22 50;
e ¦•¦¦¦i-;.H\irr business; very best location:
owner to leave city. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C 1 * Kearny «t.
A— NOTION store; established many years;
<~iearing about $!CD per rannth; location can't
be beat: rent J2S; clean stock. , Inquire R. G.
•WIL.KE. M'i Kearny Et.
A— flTM; CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
up and doing a rushing business; located
clo«* to Powell and Market sts. Call R. G.
. 1VILKE. 2«_ Kearny st.
A— JTOO; HALF- INTEREST In first-class pay-
lng restaurant; daily receipts about $60;4-ent
I7_; retiring partner to leave for East; &
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
>-— S1IG0: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
pood paying business; rent $32. Inquire R.
G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— 1710: SALOON. 2 doors w<-»t of Montgomery
rt. : 3 living room*; rent J4»: dally receipts
from J15 to $!S; a good paying and clean
Place. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»,_ Kearny st.
A-m0: CORNER butcher shop in northern
part of city: rent $20: hoire. cart: selling 4
cattle and about IS eheep. per week; a casb
ruFtr.m. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V_ K«_rny et.
AN offer— Grocery and bar; 4 years' lease;
Jis p<r month: $23 to $35 cash sale* per day;
the owner leaving the city; call and Investl-
jrete. Bwlug— Beard of Trade. S26 Pine st.
A— Jlin; SHOE rhop and repairing: established
Z-> years. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'. Market.
WANTED— For cash, naloon from $3G0 to tSOO;
corner [.referred. BASILE. Z Eddy at.
f:cy>- BARGAIN; paying saloon and lodging
hnufe <i; rooms); best rectlon city front;
good reasons for Belling. Apply WICHMAN.
Lt.-TGEN -fc CO.. 318 Clay Bt. • - - .
FOR fai*— A first -cta*s grocery and bar; es-
tahlfshed 20 years; choicest part of city; fu'l
value In sieht; long lease; clears over MDO
monthly. Box 1956. Call.
Sj IvOTS in Columbus. Ohio: lots cost $$00
r-ach. or f:S.0O0; will sell or trade for good
oil Fif*-k. Address BULLARD & JOHN-
SON. :,9 Third St., S. F-: phone Red 31.
VFA3BTKD—A M I v** party with $10,000 or over
5n »n e*t?bl!t=^e<l manufacturing business
AddrepR box 1924, Call. '
FOR psle— Chfap on account of death.' saloon
*n<l fixture*: 3 rooms upetalre. Apply on
rrerr.iwH. IC6 Mission Bt.
fX r .i>— BAKERY and notion*; estab. 14 years-
rent $12; no ar»nts: mun sell. Corner Twelfth
snd Center sts., Oakland. Cal.
»e*— SALOON' and 1 bedroom: barealn. «4O
t^omniercia! rt., second door from Kearny.
PAHTNFR wanted In establlyhed cloak manu-
faeturing business. Address box 1943. Call.
CAK!>Y nn<l rtationerj- *tore. stock «nd flx-
turr« for f»le cheap; no ajTensn. ;o3 Polk st.
F^K r-Pl*— T.arber phop; good town; Alameda
<o. : bargain. Apply S~Z Chestnut rt.. Oakland.
A PAUTX1CR wanted who understand* r-al e>-
tate and general brokerage business for the ¦
city: a fine opportunity for the right man
with small capital. Box 1|97. Call office.
SALOON and four living rooms for sale ch->ap
st j;r. Steuart <>t.; no agents: call at the place.
F*"iR s.i> cheap— Bskery. with wagon and two
hnrvcu. Apolr 492 Elrhth tt.
FIXE corner to open (rrocery: rent $25: worth
SCt. LAYMANCE. 460 Eighth *t.. Oakland.
FOR h'ALK— Oyster end chop hou*e; near 8lxth
an<2 Market; J300. Box 12M. Call office.
l:r:PTA.I'RANT for sale: come and investigate:
trirv ?4«'.t>. TJK Howard rt. *
1O LEASE from the 1st of March, unfurnished
twtel. broad-gauge station. San Rafael, , Ap-
l>!y owaer. 11 Lycn Et.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
»ARTNER wanted In ft large, old-established
profitable bui-iness. controlling a good, safe,
•olid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest to an acceptable party; duties will
b? «.he keeping of accounts and assisting gen-
erally la the management of the business;
one accustomed to horses preferred: capital
required *5000 to $10,000: full value In sight;
books and buflness open for Investigation. J.
W. Donnelly & Co.. 632 Market st.
JOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber landc. yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey 0 engine, horse teams, etc.
II. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City, Cal.
POR Renf-UnfurnlsheJ; n>-st class: Union
Hotel in Sonoma City: renovated from cel-
lar to garret/ particulars inquire ALBERT
WI5SEL, 214 California St.. S. V., cr 1474
Ninth St.. comer Chester, Oakland. . ' .
FOR sale — Country weekly paper: free of debt;
well located: in pleasantest part of State;
terms ea.sy to right party. Address box 01S,
Call office. \ !
?"OR sale— A -steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from $100 to JIM per
week; no other laundry within CO miles. Box
1645. Call office. .,
DtTTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. 'Apply
at Call buslaesa office. ¦
POR sale— A bakery, L stationery and notion
store, four rooms; rent $20. 106 Eleventh st.
WANTED— Partner in good paying brick yard
business. S14 Montgomery st.
W0 WINS f3C0 per month at-raoes; references
given. Information Lyons., 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
IH-APSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has b*en established at 1038
Valencia et. -' . .
IjODGING-HOCSES POR SALE.
!<-ROOM house on Market st $SM
SS-room house; cheap rent 1000
7-room flat; best part of city 375
22 rooms; very good; clears $100 P50
17 rooms; near Call office 639
24 rooms; sure to clear $100 1000
24 rooms: on Market st S59
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
fO-room boardlrg-houee $5500
340-room hotel- clears $500 S500
60-room comer house; clears $350 5000
10 rooms; on Eddy st. : clears $75 650
19 rooms: on Taylor st 450
16 rooms; new, elegant furniture 1400
SS rooms; new; elegant: clears $300 2500
II. C. DECKER, 1020 Market: tel. Mint 736.
A MARION GRIFFIN. A
T1J Market, nr. Call bldg.: TeL Black 1803.
10 rooms, full, no work. $173 down $425
g-room fiat, cor.: elegant: bargain; sickness.
12 rooms, rent $40; bay-window corner 400
K rocms, rent $63: lleht; clears $63 SCO
IS rooms, oor.; new fur.: rent $73 9C0
12 rooms, rent $55; income $99 mo 600
26 rooms, oor.; N. Mkt.: sunny side 1300
27 rooms, new velvet carpets; oak and
cherry fur.; clears $175 a mo.; bargain.
17 rooms. Income $250 a month; corner.... 1900
S3 rooms, rent $100; Income $225; full 2000
SS rooms, central; hard wood: enap 1S0O
43 rooms, bontnn; clears $150 mo 2700
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have thetn all sizes and prices:
$750 — 20 rooms; all one floor; Geary St.; clears
$100; only $250 cash required.
$200 cash for 11-room house; nicely furnished;
good location; balance payments.
$600— For 22- room hcuse on principal street;
clears $75; sacrificed for quick sale.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 8M Market.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $15O......J30O0
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 950
10 rooms, $450; 10 rooms, quick 3M
S&0 buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all
hair mattresses: best cf bedding; clears $6.
month: rent only $52 SO: big bargain: best lo-
latlon. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st
]« rooms; rent $50; part cash $1200
20 rooms; cerner; rent. $75 1300
30 rooms: brand new; J1000 cash ."... 2W0
44 rooms; central: part cash 3250
12 rooms; must sell; see It 500
LODGING-HOUSES— Sires and prices to suit
all buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buying call.
O. W. 6CHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1311. 917 Market St.. bet. 6th & 6th.
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses;
we have them in any part of the city and at
any Drice. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23
Sixth St. j |
FOR sale— $600; lower flat of 9 largs sunny fur-
nished rooms "and bath: all rented; S rooms
pay rent: will keep one for $12 a month;
central. Box 18S6. Call office.
$18fiO— E2 rooms; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$SW> — MODERN house. 18 rooms, good furniture:
always full; rent $44; bargain. 834 Folsom 't.
BARGAIN'— 10 rooms, elegantly furnished. 137
O'Farrell st.
IvODGINQ-HOUSB of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
440 Third st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy. Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of
the one you will marry, for a Bhort time;
the r>nly medium In the world so sure of his
occult power that he will give every person
who comes prepared a. wonderful free. test.
Call or write with stamps for answer. 13S2
Market st.. opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trancs. business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gougtu EIli» car.
MRS. EBERHARDTS (rrand test meeting to-
nlght; 10c. 3250 Twenty-second St., between
Mission and Valencia.
SPIRITUAL meeting 'to-night, 1133 Mission st..
Cambria Hall; Mrs. Kptter, Maxwell, others.
MRS. LESTER— Readings. We; circle every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MME. YOUNG'S' convincing teat circle to-,
night. 605 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. AYEST. wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. HOTTER. 34 Flxith St.. rm. 15: circle to-
night. 10c; sitting dally: gents. $1; ladles. 50c.
MttE. IiOUISE «. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer, room 14, 205 Larkin st.
MEETING Tues. & Wed.. 121* Howard. Mrs.
Maxwell: Thnr. at hall, 1133 Mission; all test.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
EARLE, 303 Taylor «t.. corner Ellis — Sittings
daily; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112^4 Qak St., trance medium;
readings $1: hour* 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard S27.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever in San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS. ' -
The wcrld's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant in the world to-day.
' There is no. home so dreary or sad. no, life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad 'and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspires prophet or modern
times: all long-standing and chronic disease*
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil influence*: cures fits;
drunkennees cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for in life Is pointed out; he enables you tr>
trouble Is, he can and will help you or
charge you' nothing for his services.
: N.. B.— Palmistry taught: medlumlstlc per-
, sons developed. IC'4 Kearny at., near Market.
Readings by mall. .
If you cannot call, write. 'Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions: lnelose $1. 5 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. -
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St., next Examiner building.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
deftcrlption of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy'or not satisfied In Itfe, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. E. SANDERS, tin? Quaker medium and
palmist, teaches mir.d vibration, the greatest
••erf t on *arth; to business . men. untold
wealth, reunites lovers and brings home ab-
sent husbands. mn« or daughters: 15 years'
experience. 1104 Market St., room 28.
MMK. PORTKR. wonderful clairvoyant & card
-eador. born with double veil— <»econd sight;
diagnoses disease with-life reading; ladles CGc.
gents $1; nalrn. and clat.V' nit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
I palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAU clairvoyant, business me-
dlum; mining a specialty. 215 Ivearny. r. S-10.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card r-ad«r;
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson, cor. 6tn.HOTEL AURIVAI/S.
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Parmelee, L Ang-
Mrs E T Parmelee, Cal
L W Mlllsap, Cal
H Woods. . San Jose
E A Forfe-s, Mrysvllle
J H Corley, Oakdale
A Flbush, Cal
T; Weldler. Cal '
J E Thaftan, Cal
C A Sllliman, Cal . |
O E Lltcher, S Jose
T C Cabney. Eureka. 1
M Jennings, Sacto
Dr D L Lasker, L An
EM Wilkinson, Cal
H V Lucas, Chgo
H -H Patterson, Cal
P Kettlnrlng & w,
Ohio
D A Grant & w, Daw
eon
W i B Stoner, Fresno j
Miss J F Welch, Wash
J A Bittel, Cal
C W Walters. N T
H Corry. Vancouver '
W W Byrne, B C
Mrs L E Hoi den. Napa
Mrs W W Sawyer, Cal
O B Smith, NY
J K Gilcrest & w, Iwa
J S Brown & w,- Iowa
W F Balnes, L Ang «
L V Flint. Cal ;-
C S Pond & w, Iowa
W J Sharwood, Cal !
P A Hlhn. S Crux
J II Davis, Cal .
J T Stephenson, Cal
I P DIkbs. Woodland
O R Morris. Cal
F A Dlxon & w, Cal
F O Wilkinson, L Ang
E S Ferguson, Cal
A-D Shaw.' Molllster
T Clark. Plaeervllle
R II Oeporn. U S N
Mrs E P Kenyon, Utah
Miss Beard. Denver
F F -Thompson. Sacto
J H Corley. Oakland
E M -Culver, Alameda
G B Van Valkenburg,
n y
J Lovell & w. Cal
R D McQulddy. - Cal
Mrs Wright. Sacto 1
Mrs E Maxwell. Cal
H Garnwood.' Cal
S 'Young. Richmond
C Jones. Cal : .
C A Ross,' Texas
E W King, Uklah •
F M James, Orovllla
A M Allen. Monterey '
J A Baitlnger, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
F G Berry, Fresno
N de Verlse," Etkton
R. Brown & w, Cal .
E Dinkelsplel & w, Cal
L McCreery, Brlgame
D Bell, Chgo
U Smith, Cal
J . M Ehgle, Germany
F A In&ersoll. N Y
A Gavin, -Portland . .
S N Griffith & w, Cal
W Clark, Los Ang
J Murry, Denver-
D Wile. Buffalo
P Henshaw, Chgo
A Allen. Spokane '
H W Lombard. Cal
H H Shutts, Chgo
E C Haman, N Y
Mr & Mrs Hanburg,
Chicago .
R H Stevens, Syracuse
Mrs E H Mason, Bo3t
Miss Mason & 3 *ls-
ters, Boston
J Echmirz w ft dau,
Chicago
R F Alrr. Chicago
A L Kempton. NT
H Low & w, N T
C A Sheets & w, Cal
C D Bell, Spokane
Dr & Mrs T Smith.Cal
M Kipper, N Y
Mrs F L Wright, Arlx
Mrs R R Coleman, Ariz
W.-P Tanner, NT
E W Hale. Sacto
H Ames & w. St Louis
W W Doolan & w. N T
A W Jacob. N T
C B Reynolds, L Ang
E R Lord & w. Boetn
C K Offleld, Cbgo
F J Rellly. BurlinRam
A R Chaffee Jr, Mo
C W Sterry, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Lewis, Sacramento,
T M Moran, San Diego
S B Gardner, 111
W Mitchell, La
J Hannon, Seattle
J Smith & w. Oaklnd
C J Rheln, Sacto /
J Brady, Chicago
G L Maxflold, Sacto
J A Maxfield. Sacto
E Mortagon. \ aeavllle
'F O Wilkinson, Nev
N Bnrkford. Mass
L G Carson, Chicago
E V Moyler, Cal
F -V Brawalle,- Cal
W F Llnnger, Oualada
F = B Lewis & w. Cal
F Barrow, Sioux City
» » -
Investing in Monterey.
MONTEREY, Feb. 27.— Nepotlatlons are
about complete for the transfer of tha
property on Alvarado aad Franklin streets
in this- city, known as the old Bank, of
Ca5ifornla property, to Hugh Tevis, the
San Francisco millionaire, who ha3 re
cently been investing so largely In Monte
rey real estate. Mr. Tevls intends . to
erect e. handsome brlok building: to cost
about JM.00O, the lower floor to be. used
for stores and the uputr floors to be. ele
gantly fitted up as the home of the newlv
organized Old Capital Club, of which Mr.
Tevis Is a charter member.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1901.
11
ET'Notice of -funeral hereafter.
WISEMAN— In this city, February 27. 1901.
Willie Wiseman, beloved son \ of James and
Mary Wiseman, and brother of Gertrude.
- Agnes and Lillian Wiseman, a native of Baa
Francisco, ased 11 years and 6 days. ¦
KTFuneral from his late residence. Strath-
• more, 207 Larkln street, to-morrow (Friday)
afternoon, at 2 o'clock. *
VIGANEGO— In this city. February 25. 1901,
Camilla Viganego, a native of Genoa.. Italy.
aged 58 .years.
WAKEFIELD— In this city. February 22. 1901.
Mrs. Sarah Wakefleld, a native, of New
York, aged 50 years. >
JAMES F. O'BRIEN. Secretary.
THE members of the Iroquois Club are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother. P. J. Thomas, at the above time
and place. ; ¦ ' i. -
WILLIAM M. CANNON. President.
HENRY L. BIENFIELD. Secretary.
TITUS— In this city. February 27. 1901. Mary.
beloved wife- of John Titus, mother of Mary
K. Titus. -' and sister of John. ¦ George and
Richard Flnnigan, a native of San Francisco,
ared 22 years.
TRIPPE— In this city. Franklin Trtcpe, de-
voted husband of Dr. Nellie Beighle Trippe.
a native of Brooklyn. N. .Y. • •
•CTFrlends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from hla
late • residence. 1323 Vallejo street, at 9:15
o'clock. ,ta-morrow (Friday), thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a. requiem mass will
v- be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
Kindly omit flowers. - . . --
THE members of the Knights of St. Patrick
are requested to attend the funeral of our
. late brother. P. J. Thomas, at the above
time and jlace. ' • *
R. C. O'CONNOR. President.
rick J. Thomas, beloved ' husband of Anna
M^ Thomas, a native. of County Galway,. Ire-
land, aged 70 years and 9 months, t
quiem mass will be celebrated for^he repose
"of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment In family; vault, 'Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ' ¦ • ' ¦ •
COSGROVE— In this city. February 26, 1901.
Jeannette ' Cosgrove,' beloved^' sister of Mat-
thew Harris and Mrs. Jane Dewltt. a native
of Scotland, aged 65 years.
1 E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at- 1 o'clock, from the .residence
of her brother, 452Vi Minna street, near Fifth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city, February 25. 1901, James
, William, beloved son of James "and Bridget
Dolan, and brother of John, Nellie, Joseph,
Frank and Thereas . Dolan. a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years and S months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral r this day
(Thursday)," at 8:S0 o'clock, from ¦-. his .-late
residence. 125 Thirteenth street, .thence to St.
Charles Borromeo' a Church, where a solemn.
requiem : mass '.will be celebrated for. the re-
pose- of ' his roul, 'commencing ; at 1 9- o'clock.'
Interment "Holy Cross Cemetery.:.-'
EMPEVr-In this city, February 26, 1901, 'Janet,
beloved wife of W. R. Empey, and mother of
Mrs.'W. F. Anthes, Mrs. .W..T.- Mobleyand
' CY 1 - W."- and L. H. • Empej', a native ; of ' On-
tario, >. Canada, aged 59 years . 7 months < and
B.da>-s. ' (San Jose papers please copy.) .•
.'CyFriends are respectfully Invited -to 'at-
tend '.the funeral to-morrow (Friday),"- at 10
o'clock,, from the family residence, 16U8 How-
ard • street. Interment • Mount • Olivet Ceme-
' tery.vby- electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero-'streets. ' ', ¦ i .; ¦• --•-..
ERELBACH— In this city. February • 27, 1901.
Clara ¦ Erelbach, beloved mother of Albert
Erelbach, and daughter of Charles and Leah
Offer,"-- a - native of Stockton, Cal..- aged 24
- years 10 months and 13 days. - - •
FRITSCH— In p, this . city. February . 27. 1901,
Lorenz Fritsch,. beloved husband of Sophie
Fritsch. and father of Emll. , Walter. Tillie
and « Otto • Frltf ch, • a - native .of Luxemburg.
Germany,- aged 65 years 1 month and 20 days.
GORMAN-In this • city. February ; 26, 1901.
Michael', Gornian. ¦ beloved father of Mary
- Gorman, arid Mrs. William Gill, .a native of
County , Galway, : Ireland. ¦ aged • 78- years 4
months and 4 days. : iBoston, : Mass., papers
please copy.) '
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1C1S Sacramento street, thence to St.
Mary's Church (Paulist), corner California '
and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. 1
GRIFFIN— In this city, February 27, 1901, :
Margaret, dearly, beloved wife of John Grtf-
nn, a native of Springfield, aged 49 years 11
months and 10 days.
GURLEY— In this city, February 27, 1901.
Goldie. beloved daughter of K. H. and Ml'da
M. Gurley of Calfella, Cal., aged 14 'years
2 months and 16 days. -
HARRIS— In this city. February 25, 1901. John
Harris, beloved cousin of James Harris, and'
. uncle of Charles O'Connor, -a native of the
parish of Annah, County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 66 years.
ICTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy &¦ Co..' 1239 -Market street, between
Eighth and. Ninth; thence to St. Rose's
Church, \ where a. solemn requiem mass will,
be celebrated for the repose of his eoul.' com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ? ¦ ¦ - ;
HINTERMANN— In this city, February 26.
1501,' Hilda Annie, dearly beloved and only
daughter, of .Adolph and Jeanette Hlnter-
mann,' ahd sister of Charles A.. Adoloh E.
and Otto G. Hinterma.nn, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 9 ' months and 11
days. • (Salem, Or. papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors o"
- H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission sureet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
, O. F." Cemetery. . ¦- -
1 JOHNSON— In thla city. February 27. 1901.
John C Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
60 years. A member of San Francisco Aerie
NC. 6, F. O. E. ;
JONES— In San Benlto County. February 23,
1901, John Henry Jones, dearly beloved father
of Mrs. Lillie Wood,- Mrs. Kittle White, Mrs.
AUce Jennin«rs of San Mateo, Mrs. Bessie.
O'Neil and Harry and Howard Jones, aged 83*
years. (Massachusetts and Hopland, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
KENNEDY— In this city. February 27. 1901,
Ellen, beloved wife of John Kennedy, and
mother of John Joseph Kennedy, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 65 years. ...
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 78 „ Converse street, oft Bryant, - be- c
tween Eighth and Ninth, to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high masa
•wju be celebrated for the repose of her soul
. at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy 'Cross Ceme-
tery. . .0 o .
KEYES— In this city, February 25, 1901. O. H.
Key ea, brother of A. T. and Dv W. Keyes,
and father-in-law* of Mrs. Addle Keyes, a
i native of New Hampshire, aged 74 years.^
¦ IcyFrlends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited* to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday),- at 2 o'clock, from' his late resl-:
denc«, 607 Van Ness avenue. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will please as-
semble at their hall, 24 Fourth street, this
day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock sharp, to attend
the funeral of our late brother. O. H. Keyes.
By order .STEPHEN BUNNER. Prea.
J-. J. McMAHON. Sec. - -. .
LAVIN— In this city. February 27. 1901. Thomas
Lavln. a native of San Francisco. a*ed 39
years 8 months, and 19 days. <- ¦¦ „. .
LAVIN— In the' City and County , Hospital,
February 27, 1901. Thomas B. Lavln, a na-
tive of California, aged 45 yeara.
LEARY— In the City ' and County Hospital.
February 27, 1901, John Leary, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years. .' ; ."
MASTICK— In Alameda. February 26.' 1901, Lu-
cretia. M. W. Mastick, widow ! of the late
Edwin B. Mastick, aged 76 years 11 months
and 26. day*. - .
¦ fcTFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral servicM
at her late , residence, 821 Pacific avenue
(Mastick station), • Alameda. to-morrow (Frl-.
! day), ot 2 o'clock.
MURPHY— In this city, February 26. 1901.
.Dennis, beloved husband of Isabella Murphy,
'and father of .Daniel,. Frank. Dennis G..
Julia A., Thomas C.John J.. Peter A. and
Joseph A. Murphy. Mrs.- William Marden
and the late Elizabeth Murphy, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged ¦ 78 . years and 6
months. -....., .... , „ _ .
inyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late. resi-
dence. 302 Valencia street." thence to Mission
• Dolores Church,* where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at i o'clock. ¦ Interment Holy .Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city,' February 25. 1901. Franz
• Oscar. ' beloved husband of Alma. V. Nelson.
a native of Sweden, aged 42 years 11 months
and 11- days. . fe*fe . • \ ' j
. -(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Thursday), at 2 o'clock. ' from 909 Market
¦ street, under the auspices of the Swedish So-
• clety. Cremation I. . O. O. . F. Cemetery.
OSEGUEDA— In this city, February 27, 1901,
Matllde Jose Osezueda. beloved husband of
- Mauncla 8. de Osegueda, and father of • Do-
. lores," Jose,* Soledad. Maria," -FrancU and Ra-
- mon Osemieda, a native of Mexico.' aged 60
1 years IV months and 15 days, v - - '- . '• '•' S;
PROSCHOLD— In this city. February 27. 1901.
Caroline M. Proechold, beloved mother of
Charles M. •, Proschold, a native of Hanover,'
Germany, aged 71 years and 29 days. *
¦ ¦ tyNotlce of funeral hereafter. •
REES— In this city, February 26, 1901, John
Rees, a. native of: Wales, aged 60 years. . . ¦
O"The body will be shipped from the
rooms of N. Gray & Co.. to Victoria, B. C.
I for Interment. . . .. ..'
RYAT*-In this ' city, February - 25, 1901, George
¦¦'8 -Beloved- son of Ann and the lat» Charles
\ Ryan, and brother of John Ryan and -Mrs.
'{ M. Fleming, a native of San Francisco, aged
•84 years. -- - '¦¦.'' ¦'"-'" . -,
IT^ Friends '.and acquaintances - are respect-
• fully Invited 'to attend the funeral, this day.
"(Thursday).' at 1:30 o'clock, : from .his late.
residence, 215 Harriet street, thence to Et:
; Rose's Church for services. Interment Mount
¦i- Calvary Cemetery. ,-• .". •
BEEKATZ— Ir> this city. February -25. 1901.
Walter A. Seekatz (known as Walter A.
-Sears), a native of Iowa, aged 24 years.
I t7Frlends and acquaintances and members
• of the -U. B. .' Leather Workers on -. Hor&e
'Goods are respectfully Invited to attend the
¦ funeral this day (Thursday), at 2, o'clock,
I from the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319
¦ O'Farrcll' street. . Interment ~ I<aurel *. -, Hill
I Cemetery. • / : '"•> •'
SMITH— In, this- city, February 27, 1901, Jennie
"M. . Smith, a native of -Australia. • . . ¦
¦ (cyFriends ahd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
¦;' March 2, 1901, at 11 o'clock, from her late
'. residence, 1195 Valencia street. Cremation
\ I. O. O. F. Cemetery, s '.- • - •
SOUTH— In this city. Joseph ¦ K. South, a na-
', tlve of Massachusetts, aged 63 years. A'
.• member, of Union Lodge,' Knights of Honor. I
' . CTFrlends j and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully ¦ invited to attend the funeral . this - day
'(Thursday), at 2 o'clock,} from the .mortuary
. chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
'. pany, 2425 Mission street. -near Twenty-flrst.'
Interment . Mount Olivet Cemetery. .- . : .
THOMAS— In this city, February 27, 1901, Pat-
SiiENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
tSuccessor to Flannagan ft Gallagher.)
-DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.; •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEI13,
-20 Fifth' st.,- opposite Lincoln School. •
, •> -,-.., Telephone 8outh 80.- . - :.
•„¦ ,' f .iJ«fl(iE»;vMcClNN ! .:;:r: •
Has opened Funeral Parlors afc 214 Eddy,
st.' .bet. Taylor and Jones." Tel. . South 576. :
REMEMBER 214 Eddy st. is on the right
hand side of street going: from. Market.
CREMATION.
Odd ¦ Fellows'^ Cemeterj Association
¦5 ' : SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
i The charge for cremation to'ehurcb members*
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families > is
|30. ; All others $35.. .Expensive coffins and. or-
naments are seldom : used. A ' niche In the Co-'
lumbarlan 1 Is • a • monument ahd ; saves the cost
of a lot and its car* and stonework. Send for.
circular. V • •• " '
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
' T. - -¦¦¦.,.- gPE ClAI. KOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester . English , Pennyroyal Pills
are the best;, safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars ; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mail; aldrug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co., PhlladeL. Pa.
100 CASES pparkling Hochheimer, vintage '82,
$16 per case, ¦ reduced to $10; 1000 gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel wine $2 per gal-
lon, reduced .to $1. '» I'V HOLTUM,' Johannes-
burg IVlne Vaults, 517 California st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION- CO..
415 Montgomery, St.. rooms 9-10;' tel. , B5S0.
SE\VI.\<; MACHIXE3-AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambock.' 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds' bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired;. open even.: phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, said, rented,- repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint S.
STORAGE AXD V7 ALEHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse 840 Mis-
! Blon et.; tel. Mint 1S21.. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storee Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates. ;
A WEEK'S news for fi cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
'myjsgEs. , ~~~~~
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings,- shoulder braces, ¦
supportei a made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
AMD SUPPLIES.
•3REAT BARG^INTlN'TrPEWRlfERS^n^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, 13. The Typewriter
_Exchange. S36 California: telephone Main 268.
PROPOSALS^ "ot Shirting Flar7neT^>epoTQuar-
termaster's Office, 26 New Montgomery St.,
Ean Francisco, Cal., February 16, 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, w(ll be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m. Saturday,
March 2, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
. opened, for furnishing 50,000 yards dark blue
shirting flannel, subject to DO per cent In-
crtase If desired by this department. Prefer-
ence will be given to . articles of domestic
production end manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including In
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service* there. The
United. States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
' will b*> furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 15S.V and addressed ' to Major
. OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Vols.,
. Depot "Quartermaster. . • .
SEALED -proposals will b« received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, San Fran-
clsco, Cal., until -12 o'clock noon, March 4,
1901, and then opened, for furnishing and de-
livering provisions and fuel for vessels and
stations In the Twelfth Lighthouse District
for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1902. in ac-
cordance with specifications, copies of which,
with blank proposals and Information, may be
had upon application to U. SEBREE, Com-
mander XI. S. N.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: .. . • .
George H. Daw, 37, 18 Clara street, and Mary
J. Hind, 46, 18 Clara street, ¦
James D. Swartout. 33, Stockton, and Llzzlo
L. Morrlll. 42, Stockton.
Nils Johnson, 33. Albion, Cal., and Lizzie
Kaskela, 29. Fort Bragr.
John B. CaraiTa, 24, 162S Folsom street, and
Minnie L. Allen, 19, 1625 Folsom street.
Otto J. Wlttke. 25, Callstoga. and Amelia. B.
Plnkham. 19, 125 Morris avenue. . . • ..
Emll Langmuth. 50, 131 Eleventh street, and
Alice Wilson. 43, 131 Eleventh street.
Joseph Faes. 26, lC42jJTolsom street, and Gus-
ele Barron. 21, 43- Russ -street.
Gardner S. Clark, .43, 1530 California street,
and Lottie Wahlstrom, 33, 1S30 California' et.
Lewis L. Isaacs, 26. 442 Minna street, and
Ethel M. Keating. IS. 1129 Howard street. .
Harry 'A. Record, 21, Vallejo, and Laura B.
McDryde, 20 San Rafael.' > =• .
Raymond F. ; Prescott. 24, San Rafael, and
Man- E. l>ollar. 22. city. '
Julius Levy, 25, $09 Mission street, and Hilda
Miller, 17. 839 Folsom street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death ¦ notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the. publication offices and be
lndorred 'with the name and residence of per-
oond authorized to have tha:«ame published., i
, BORN.
CHAROOZ— In this 'city. February 2«, 1901. to
the wife of A. M. Charooz, a son. >
GOLDSTONE— In this. city. February 26, 1301,
to the wife of Mpe A. Goldstone, a daughter.
HUNSAKER-Iri this city, February 26. 1901,
to the -wife of Dr. H. 'W. Hunsaker. a son.
HUNTER— In this' city. February 27< 1901, to
the wife of Lewis C. Hunter, a. daughter. „
KERNER— In this city,, February V, 1901, to
tho wife of H. J. Kerner, a daughter. . *
nOVEY-In this city. February 26, 1901. to the
wife of Francesco Rovey (nee Von Beraan-
dowsky). a daughter.
WEBB— In Alameda, February 17. 1901," to the
wife of -Atwell C. Webb, a Bon.
MABBIED. -
ALEORELL — MCMILLAN — In Reno. Nev..
February 20. 1901. Tony . L. Alborell and
Fr&nkie A. McMillan, both of San Francisco.
ANCKER-LEVY— In this city, February 17.
19€1. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Leo Ancker of
Tehnchapl, Cal.. and Frieda Levy of San
Francisco. •¦• : ¦ -
CALLAN-DONALDSON-In this" city. Febru-
ary 27. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Moses D. Callan and Lizzie Donald-
son, both ot. San Francisco. . L •
COHN— BAUM— In this city, February 24. 1901,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Leon Cohn and Elsie
Baum, both of San Francisco.
KOSCHNITZKI-ARX-In this city. February
25, lfeCl, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. John
F. C. Koschnitzki and Marie von •An. both
of Fan Francisco.
LABEL— LUBOSCH— In this city. February 24,
. 1901, =by the Rev. M« S. Levy, Simon Label of
Pan Rafael and Lena Lubosch of San Fran-
cisco. -.-¦; - : .: ' o
SWARTOUT— MORRlLL-Lln this° city,. Febru-
ary 27. ¦ 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, James de Witt Swartout and Lizzie
Morrlll, both of Stockton.
TICHENOR— PRINGLE— In this city, Febru-
ary 27, 1901. by the Rev. B. D. Hutslnplller,
Austin K. Tichenor of San Francisco- and
.Tlllie E. Prlngle of Halfmoon Bay, Cal.
WITTKE-PINKHAM-In this city, February
27, 1901. at Central. Church, by the Rev. 8.
D. Hutslnplller. Otto J. "Wlttke of Callstoga,
, Cal.. and Amelia B. Plnkham of Ban Fran-
- Cisco.
" • ."¦ died. '.¦..¦ ; .
Bonner. Eleanor L. Lavin, Thomas"
Botich, Annie E. ! Lavln. Thomas B. •
Brazell, James M. ¦ Leary. John ¦
Carroll. Mrs. Fannie Mastick. tucretla M.
Conlon. Catherine M. Murphy, Dennia
Connolly. Simon Nelson, Franz O.
.' ; Coegrove. Jeannette Osegueda. Matll<J% J.
Dolan, James "\V. Proschold. Caroline ¦ 1
Empey, Janet- ' Rees, John' •
Erelbach, Clara Ryan, George 8. ' .
¦1 FritBch, Lorenx . Seekatz, Walter A.
Gorman, Michael. Smith, Jennie M-.
. Griffin, -Marsraret . South. Joseph K.
Gurley. Goldle Thomas, Patrick J. "
, Han-is, John • Titus,- Mary •-
Hlntermann, Hilda Trlppe. Franklin
' Johnson, John C. ¦ Vlganego, Camilla .
Jonee,- John H. Wakefleld, ' Mrs. S. -
Kennedy,' Ellen / Wiseman, Willie .
Keyes, O. H. ____¦ '¦ !
BONNER — In -this city, February- 2«. 190J,
Eleanor L., beloved wife of Robert Bonner,
1 dauKhter of Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Earle of
* ¦\Vat8onville.~~mother of Earle H. . and Her-
bert D. nonner, and sister of Mrs. F. Hum-
phreys and Slade A. Jr., Albert G.- and Car-
rie B. Earle, a. native" of San' Francisco,
aged 30 years 5 months and 10 days. •
:- XT Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
! to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, from 1009
I Oak street. : Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
terj'. - '¦•-. '; ',•* ' .
BOSCH— In this city, Februan* 27, 1901. Annie
Elizabeth Bosch, beloved Infant of George E
1 and the late Elizabeth Katherlne Bosch.«and
' -sister of. George E.. Helen. W. C, Frank
.' Florence, | Josephine • and, Charles Bosch a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
S da;-s. : - ' ¦¦-: ¦'-- * / ' ¦.. ¦ ¦ . . § .
C? Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. • from- the -parlors • of
; Charles J. B.- Metzler,. «M Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. - ,
ERAZELL— In the City and County Hospital
- February.- 26. 1901, . James . M. Braeell, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged tS-years. ¦ --, : -•.
CARROLL— In this city.' February 26,' 1901
, Mrs. j Fannte Carroll, beloved wife . of Joseph
Carroll,, a native of Portland, Or., aged 80
¦ years.- '-" .' v -> "' : " ' •' " ."¦ ¦'. - , j -
• (C7*Frlends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully Invited; to attend, the funerar this day
(Thuraday), at 2 o'clock, from . the funemi
.parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.'.. ' v'; •
CONLON— In" Oakland. -February 27. 1901. Cath-
- erine 1 M.". beloved daughter of "Johannah and
• John: Conlon,; and sister of Lizzie and Frank
Conlon and Alice and John < David Conlon
(deceased), a native "of San Francisco, "aged
• 27 years .1 month and, 10 days. • \'- -. .
CONNOLLY— In .this -city,; February '26, 190V
" Hlmon. beloved ' son of James and Elizabeth
* Connellys and brother of William, James and
May Connolly, * Mm. J. 1 Johnson and-Mrs.- A.*
. Hyman. a' native of. San : Francisco, ; acred 21
years '2 months and. S days.' .... ._\; Jj ,.j£
. ¦ icy Friends- and acquaintances are respect-'
: fully - invited to attend the < funeral this • day
(Thursday), at 8 :30 o'clock, from : his - late
residence. 973% Bryant street thenc* to • St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, •• where ¦ a ' re-
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
CCIXEU store— West corner Fourth~and*Perry
rtg.: occ-jpied es grocery ar.d bar for past 30
yearc: rent trO; water fres. Apply to G H
UMKSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TO Lft— Cigar p ore at 1446 Market St.; rent $20.
CHEAP, litrht offices. Emma Spreckels build-
lrg, S:7 Market rt.
OIL.
BSM SHARES la Rawhide Oil Company; must
1-e *'<1<5 as a whole or In smaller amounts if
<3c-s1r^Ji. Address Owi-r, box 1883. Call office. ,
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. SCO Pine rtreet.-
J1EMBF.R PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
correspondence solicited.
I'AXSTEIIS A.X1J UUCOUATuitsi
Wa!l paper, rrlndow tha<Jee: rooms papered, $3
up. Jt-rifen & Bath. S'.T F:xth:°open evenings.
rVL^IlSTUY.
H. JEROME FOSSEXXI. scientific palmist. C15
Tarlor ft., bet. Geary sr.d Poet: tel. Black 661.-
PATCVTfcS AM) PCXSIOSS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GKO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
FJEUhONALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on PR. O. S MOOKE. «<* Geary St.. and you
¦rfll net be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: call or send for circular 1 .
fl WEEKLY: euits to order from genuine
Pr.tch. S13 i:r; fine dress Kuits, $20 up: ele-
pact overcoEts. SIS up. LEON LEMOS, HIT
tortat St., between Se\-enth and Eighth.
PAO carrots wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wcve rug*, silk portieres: dealer in
carret tv.:ne. in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. CEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth.Oakland.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10 j
yr«rs" exr*>rier.ce. J. B. RAY. S3; Jessie st. j
A--SI *>o DZKBY ar.d Fedora hat*. %l 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatter;", SCO Kesrr.y ft., near Pine.
TINE suit?. ?10: dress pants. $2 '». MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery ft.
aiAFQUERADE coMurae*. " play book*, wigs;
country crdere. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
CCOD heme open for healthy boy or girt baby.
Mrs. r>r. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
IXECTOIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. rear Market; 700 rooms:
J5c tr> Jl M per r.lcht; SI to to ?« per -week;
Iree 'buy ar.i baggage to and from the ferry.
"W HITE enamel iron beds, stride, three-quarter
OT double. $2 ZZ. EASTERN OUTFITTING \
CO., lilO-1312 StockUn Et., near Broadway.
. — 1 — . , 1
6PRING styles Standard patterns now ready,
"pomeftic" ofHce. 1C21 Market gt.. nr. Sl^th.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, braee fin-
lfhing & mctlels made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
I3R. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2^c; all druggists.
Egyptian Henna: restores gray
¦ hair to Its natural color ; II: at all drugrl!*ti.
I • — ¦ —
I'HVSICIAAS AXU SUBGBOKS.
X3R. C. C. O DON'NELL— Office and residence.
ICHH Market Ft., between glxth and Seventh.
T'R. WONG ¦ HIM. 'herb doctor, successfully
„• treats «!1 diseases cf the human body: se»
'¦•teftimoni.-ls Ht office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
Montgomery "it.
c AUCTION.
AUCTION. , ' .
AUCTION. • . . ; .
'. ¦ auction!. •'."•*-,:
: ¦ auction.
At our salesroom MONDAY. March 4, 19CL at
12 o'clock noon.
E. ZL CARLISLK ESTATE EXECUTORS'
SALE. :
NO. 1. . .
U10-:; Devis&dero st.. cast line, near Pine,
two bey-window houses cf 7 rooms and bath
each; rents 366 per month; lor 12:6x100. ¦ '
NO. 2.
DfTisafiero rt., east. line, near Pine; bnlld-
*nj lot 2:€rl00; pas. water and sewer pipes
laid la the let; street accepted by the city. '
CHOICE Bt^LNTSS CORNER.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
NE. cor. Eevpntf*enih and Guerrero . its. :
rjbctaritial improvements consist of store, with
4 Toarue. basenjert and Btable. flat of 7 rooms
end bath abo\'e; portion of lot not built on;
rx»th streets acr>»pte<S by the city.
CASTRO ET.'inST RUSINESS PROFERTT.
FORECLOSURE SALE. . . . . '
Ht-t Castro et.. n^ar Nineteenth; two stores,
rents S2S per racnth: lot 27x1^.
CHOICE -WESTERN- ADDITION RESI- .
DEVCE.
2557 Clay rt* near Flllniore; bay-irtndow resi-
dence cf 10 rooms end bath; conservatory; two
durable parks in close proximity; lot tex
'.'-'•, s.t a email outlay could be converted
Into flats.
CHOICE PESIDENCF XEAR PARK.
1071 I'&Ke et., near Broderick; choice residence
of U rooms and bath; bay-windows, brick
foundation, ceraent walks, etc.: lot 31*137:6.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE-
14OH Guerrero et.. near Twonty-elxth; elegant
residence of 16 rorcu and bath; large grounds,
brick foundation, cement walks; 8tn»et accepted
by the city; can be easily converted into flats
ex Uttto outlay; lot S0xli5; irregular.
A. A. BOTSE.V ESTATE ADMtS'ISTRATOR'S
SALE.
NVT. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-ninth »U.;
e-Jbstastlal improvemfnls consist of store, three
f.ats and cottage, winumill and tank; portlcn
of lot not built on: lot 61:exlOS; subject to
confirmation t>y the o.iurt.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
McAIlirter st.. south line, between Baker and
Central ave.; two choice residence lots; level
and ready for building; street accepted by the
city; lots 2T.xl":6 each; bank mortgage of {2000
can remain.
CHOICE FLATS.
1C1 Epruce St.. SW. ror. of Jackson; two de-
elrabl* flats of « rooms and bath each; com-
manding an utiobeirueted marine view; lot
Z7:R>«xS5:3 feet: bai k morteraee of '3ZS00 at 6
per i^nt can mnain.
illSKION COTTAGE r"ORECLOSURE SALE.
140 Hartford st., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth. Noe and C*«tro; bay-window cot-
tsge of 7 rooms and bath.
H3FFTON" «-r»TTAQE FORECLOSURE SALE.
S0» Jer»T »t.. between Noe ajid Cactro, Twen-
ty-fourtl? and TWenty-flfth; .bay-window cot-
tage cf ' rooms aud bath; brick foundation,
cement valks, etc.
MTfisrox ''OTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
1023 £*nch«z et.. raenr Twenty- third; ba.y-
¦»:¦.¦:•—*• cott^re of 5 rooms and bath; Inclosed
driveway under house; rer.ts $13 25 per month;
cement walks, etc
For further particulars apply at our offlce.
G. M- I'MBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. .
Quick Sales, Email Profits, Our Motto!
Cheapest Lots. Best Locations.
S300 to SSOO— Graded Snnset Heights lots; $23
down. flO months. :,*,.*. ".
$400 to $800— Your choice In Richmond lots.
Buy from us tnd cave 25 per cent. $23 down,'
$10 monthly.
fTS. *$100, -'$200 to JSSO— Level boulevard Iota
and near Mission st. ; 110 down, $3 monthly.
$7W. J1000 to $SK>-Splendid cottages In Sun-
set, Richmond and Mission; all bargains; easy
terms.
Branch ofice Ninth ave., near H rt.. Sunset.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE 3UILDINO.
LOOK at this fine bargain; Just What a con-
tractor and builder is looking for; only $S7S
each. JlSCrO for both together, for those two
choice lots on -west bide Eleventh ave.. 1SS
feet north cf Clement, on the elevated ground
and eitely, flne marine view; all street work
done; cars ra**ing eve»r few minutes. These
Jots were selected ou account of bfirig- *o
¦well located and cost S1200 each. No expense
for search of title as that is furnished to the
fcuyer. A few days a&o a lot sold for SPCO to
the north of the«* lots in the same block; \
easy terms if desired; $30 first payment. " W.
J. GUNN. £30 California et. -
A THOItOTTGHLY irtlt-edge Investment; Cne
brick block- ecntalrlng 6 stores and flats
above; all rented; Jot 80xi2i; northeast cor-
ter- very prominent; paying good Interest;
owner wants to gro Into oil. Apply to JAMES
MASON. Notary. <2S California St.. San
Francisco.
11200-CIinAPEST heme In the city; to effect
cuick sale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water
produces UW0 r«11oes per day; street accepted
¦ by city cement sidewalk; plank side en-
t-ance: part each. Call Immediately on H.
\y DAMS, <IS Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanches.
rOR SALE by H. C. DECKER, 1C20 MARKET.
DON'T fail to see those up-to-date houses.
Clayton et.. blocks south of Haicht st.;
ran be bourfat on ea?y terms. See owner on
rJrVmlses or J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery et.
MODERN flats and cottages built; low prices;
plans end estimates furnished: drop postal.
fAL6BLRT. builder, office 123* Market St.
$17O9-A ENAP; cotuge of 4 rooms and bath;
street accepted; stone Mdcwalk; lot, Zexaa.
PATTEHSON & CO.. 11 City Hall spuare.
£307 WASHINGTON ST.
14S0O: must be sold on account of departure;
chouse cf 7 rooms and bath; lot; 25x127 :S%. .
A V.-EEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
»» mn. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS" TO LUT— Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
OEARY, 595, corner ' Jones— Nicely furnished
bay-window suite; also stngle rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
•Ingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 609V4— Nicely furnished front room. ,
JESSIE, S63. nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
front room, $6; for 2 persons, $7.
JONES. 511— Newly furnished rooms for gents
only.
MARKET, «1122— Nice bay-window suite three
-rooms; .new "and clean'; 'rent reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market St.— Nicely,
furnished rooms, ?2 & week up; 33c a day up,
O'FARRELL. JO— Sunny . furnished rooms, and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, jtvk., mo.
OTARRELL, SMA — 2 sunny furnished rooms,
front and side: $2 and $4. • .
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished parlor, en
suite or single; gas, bath, phone; $10 to $24.
IK)LK,717. near Eddy — Nicely furnished rooms,,
with bath, $7. -: . ¦ .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-.
lor; rooms.iper night. 35c to $1 SO; week, $2 to
. $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSKDALE- House." ?19-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SACRAMENTO.o 13658—3 rooms, separate en-
trance, with yard; sun all day; rent $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished..
SMALL Funny front room within walking "dis-
tance of Call Building; cheap to good roomer;
no children. Box 1932. Call office.
, STJTTER, S20% — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. ,,{S; 6Uites. $12 to $25 mo.
TURK. 613, betjveen Van Ness ave and Polk
St.— Three unfurnished rrams; $15. '
TWELFTH, -111 — A lhrge, sunny, well-fur-,
nlshed room; reasonable: phone and bath.
WILLIAM. 19, oft O'Farrell. bet. Jones and
Taylor— Nice sunny furnished room; gas and
bath: $S. ".
ROOKS AXU HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion,' opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and eightly rooms at modest 'rates.
NEWLY furnished sunny suite and other sun-
ny rooms with board; modern conveniences.
1151 Octavia st. '• - - :
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First st. ...-:
ROO31S AND UOARO .WANTED.
BUNNY suite of 4 or 5 rooms and bath; also
board in small Jewish family or boardlng-
house. Box 1923. Call. | ¦ - -.
LEGAL, AUVKHTISEMESTS.
OFFICE of the County Clerk, and ex-offlcio
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, of th*
• County of San Mateo, State of California.
NOTICE OF BALE OF 'FRANCHISE.
Public notice is hereby given that on the
18th day of February. A. D. 1901. W. D. K.
GIBSON, as applicant, made to, and filed
\ with, the Beard of Supervisors of -the County
of San Mateo, State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege,
• which eald application waa, and is, in the
¦ words and figures following, to-wlt:
"To the Hbnorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San Mateo. . State of Cali-
fornia:
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or. double
track railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of fifty years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
•wires and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon the following public highways
In the county of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia, to-wlt: »
."1. Over, upon and across the Mission
¦county road on a center line distant, forty-
feet, more or less. "from Its intersection wltij
the westerly Jlne of the right of way of the
% Southern PacJHc Railroad Company at Baden
crossing. 0 .;
- "2. Over, ° uoon and across that county
1 road at Ean Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacent and "parallel to the westerly line of
the right of °way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon and across that county
read at San'.Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company.
"4. In the townslte known as the Millbrae
villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
• tain street known as Railroad avenue, which
.lies adjacent to. the westerly line of the
.right of way of the Southern Pacific Rall-
. road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of eald Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; ana over.'-upon and across said 11111-
. brae avenue, between Railroad avenue and
Hemlock avenue, to the southerly line of
said avenue. . . ¦ , .-
"5. Over, upon and across that county road
at -Burllngame known as Burllngame avenue,
where Ban Mateo drive. If extended, would
Intersect said avenue.
"6. Over, upon and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenue at its In-
tersection with that road In Howard's Bur-
llngame townslte known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts. ¦•". .
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board ' advertise this application in- accord-
ance with the provisions of the act entitled.
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the sale of railroad and other
franchises in municipalities, and relative t'»
granting of franchises." approved March 23,
1S1»3, by amending section 1 of said act,' ap-
proved March 19. 1897. „
"Dated Redwood City, California, Febru-
ary 12th. 190L
"W. D. K. GIBSON. Applicant."
And nubile • notice Is hereby further given
that on the said 18th day of February, 1901, In
open session of the said Board of Supervisors.
the said application was read and considered,
whereupon , said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that it proposed to grant said application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an application . for such franchise
and tirivlleare had been made to said board,
together with. a statement that it was. and
Is, proposed by said board to gran', the same
be advertised in The 8an Francisco Call, a
dally newjpaper published in the ¦ city and
1 county of San Francisco, State of California,
as orovlded by law and as directed by said
resolution. ¦ ; : ¦ -.-.-.. .
And public notice is hereby furtt er given that
the character of the franchise and privilege pro-
posed to b« granted by said board Ir to con-
struct and operate a single or double track
railroad, of standard gauge, with the privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elec-
tric trolly system.' and the term of its con-
tinuance is fifty years, and the route to b«
¦ traversed by said railroad is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned In -said application. -¦
And public notice Is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of said board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, j the said Board of Supervisors pro-
poses to srant the said application, franchise
and privilege 'prayed for by said applicant,
and that on Monday, the first day of April.
A. D. 1901, at the hour of 10 o 1 clock a. m..
at the chambers of said board,. at the Court-
house In Redwood City, in the county of San
. Mateo, State of California, bids or tenders
• will be received by said board for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and there. In- open session of said board,
read eald bids and tenders and consider and
act thereon, and will award . said ¦ franchise
and Drivllege to the highest bidder, and In
accordance with the act of the Legislature'
mentioned in said application. .
By order of said Board of Supervisors made
and dated this 18th day of. February. A. D.
1901. . M. H.' THOMPSON. -
County ' Clerk, and ex-offdo Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
¦ Ban Mateo/ State of California. ¦ ..
By H. W. RCHABERG, Deputy Clerk.
" ' (Seal of Board of BuperrisOrs.) . . ,
' IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its .ipplicat Ion for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. ' 7S.397.J Dept. 10.
Notice In hereby given) that Honolulu Sugar
Company, -a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having. Its office and
place of business In the city and county of
. Ban Francisco, State* of California, has flled
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board of directors, addressed
. to the Superior Court of, the city and county
of San Francisco, »Stato of .California, pmy-
.lng for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, March 23th
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom ot
. eald. court. Department No.\ 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of Ban Fran-
cisco, * have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of eald application
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and nttlxed the official seal of said Su-
perioft Court, this 20th day of -February, 1001
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk. "
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.. (In-
dorsed.) -Filed Feb. 20. 1901.; WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk!
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
ofoSan Francisco, State of California— In the
"matterof the estate pt THOMAS M. CLUFF;
deceased. * Probate No. 22.869, Department 10.
' Notice . for publication of time appointed of
hearing petition for appointments of trustee.
C. C. P. 1702.— Notlns is hereby 'given that
.. Friday, the Sth doy of March.'A. D. 1901, at
10 o'clock a. m. ¦ of; that day and- the court-
room of Department. Nol - 10 of said -court, ; at
.the 'New City- Hall., lu the. City and County
.of Ban Francisco, State of . California, • have
been ; appointed as the v time and place c for
hearing the petition of ; MARGARET" « V.
CLUFF for the appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF as' sole trustee .for ---ALFRED
THOMAS CLUFF (a -minor) under -the- last
'¦will of 'said deceased. ¦ ' ~
' ' WM.. A. DEANE. Clerk.'-
¦ -By V.F. NORTHROP., Deputy Clerk. •.
Indorsed: Filed February 25, 1901. WM.-A.
DEANE, Clerk: t .by.vV. . F. .NORTHROP,
-Deputy Clerk. ¦ . :', ¦¦
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for execu-
¦ tors, room. 25, third flcor.- Mills building.^ :'-•-;
REAL ESTATE CIT1' — FOR SALE. '
ALL GETCUIXE BARGAINS IX THIS* LIST
Apply A. M. gPECIC & CO.. C67 Market st.
$2100— Four email flats; all rented for 530; half
cash. • -
$2300— Two Fplendld flats; rented $23; near
Elxth.
$2700— Two swell Mission • Cats : 5 rooms each
a!M rtable; rents $30; mortgage jr300.
J2&00— Sacramento «t.. cast of Powell; rents
$25 net; one tenant 12 years. "
$22J0— Two nice flan. 6 rooms each; half-
bleck from Market f,t-
$3000— Three nice flats; all rented: near Nine-
teenth and Mission ata.: pays 10 per cent.
$i500 — Corner; 40x90, -with coed 10-room house;
Hyde st.
VTC-00 — Fcur brand new flats, east of Van Ness
av«\j all rentod. $72.
$i.00 — Splendid Investment; near Van N>as
ave. ; rents $S1.
$S5O0— Business property; Nlntl> St., near Mis-
sion: rents $45.
$11.000— Store and two strictly modern flats of
"7 and S rooms: north oi Market m.
$12.500— L^avenworth *t.; rents JlCi; lot 55-'
foot front.
$14.000— Three elegant flats; rented for $140;
•well locality.
. J28.COO— Near Howard and Third sts. ; rents
VW: bank mcrtpaire r-'O.GOO; lot 4Sxl60.
$2R,C00— Business property ct 4 stores and S
flats; rents $250; lot 75x1") feet.
$3S,00fr-Mis»<ion-st. cor"ner; 1'OxlCO; actually
¦worth JC5.C0O: must seil at ence.
$<0, 000— Corner; Goldm Oate ave.; 137:6xlS7:«;
Tents "$240.
I5C.C0C— Grand comer;' 60-foot front; few
blocks Orpheum; pays- 6 r«r cent net.
$75, COO — Grand corner: 60-foct front; within
block of Tlvoli: old lmprovecents; rents $400.
Other bargains. • •' . '¦
Apply A. M. STOCK ir £O.. 6C7 Market st |
RKAI. KSTATIS COU>"TIIY — Kor Sale
A MOST excellent f-SO-acre stock and general
farm; nearly all tillable; £0 acres creek bot-
*om. perfect garden soil; complete- s»t good
r-uildings: best watered ranch in the county;
* for lers than J5 per acre; worth thre« times
the srnourt. •> - . •-
REMEMBER— I'm accurately acquainted
I -with more country property for sal» and ex-
f chanee than all other agents in S. F. : 3000
I ranches en my list; state what's wanted and
get reliable descriptions of bargains. . „
K. D. KICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
AX unprecedented sacrifice; 75- room brick hotel
and furniture; doing lnvmense first-class <$2
a day) business ; cost an«J worth $00,000; of-
for?d fcr $16,500; lias rented for $400; now
run by owner. °
X. V. SICKELS, the Land.Agent. 6 Geary st.
1 LOT In El Paso de Robles; 113 front by 303
feet deep, $125.
80 acres in Sams Valley, Jackson Coun-
ty, Or. : good fruit land ; house, bam, well,
creek; flne climate; no frosts; on county road;
near school and railroad: $$00 or trade.
H. G. D., 131 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
VINEYARD and home; farm In Li\«ermore Val-
ley; splendid property; everything complete:
winery and cooperage: in full bearing. For
. full particulars call en ALBERT E. CRANE.
ECS California et. • . •
Fa RM for nale at public auction March 2. 1901—
Half mile Soncma: 37 acres In orchard an.l
vineyard: furnished bouse 11 rooms, 2-story:
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, farming
Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
j FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
CHEAP little 0 town homes: also country prop-
; erty; In eastern Qontra Costa Co.: write Just.
-what you desire ana receive reliable informa-
tion. D. MACARTNEY. Aatioch. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
. REAL ESTATE WANTED.
\VANTED— In Jttchmond District; a lot about
176x120 feet. Inside of. Fourteenth ave.. be-
tween the Park and the Presidio. CHAS. S.
NEAL, 230 Montgomery St.
ALAMEDA' ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
VERY special bargains: foreclosure properties;
genuine snaps; enough eald. as I do not be-
lle ve in extended ads. 3. A. REMMEL, Bay
' Ftation. Alameda. '< e c • ,\ \ « ¦
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
FOR bargains Jn Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty see R. J. MONTGOMERY, room S fourth
floor. Mills building-, San Francisco, or 467
Ninth st.. Oakland. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
• OAKLASD REAL ESTATE.
$175 CASH, $10 monthly— New cottage. 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 4
large level lots, 60x!06; price all told. $775; will
fence and finish, up to suit buyer; plenty of
water; soil, climate and view the very best;
close to electric car line and 80-foot wide bou-
levard, and not far from model schoolhoune ;
no fogs nor raw winds here; adjoining East
I Oakland; 10 buildings grone up already, more
coming; call or send for circular; 455 Seventh
St.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
rlago free. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
BANKER'S "home; 8 rooms ; half block choicest
grounds; cost 515,000; reduced. to $&)00; .offer
wanted quick;' going Germany. Laymance
Real Estate Co.. 460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRMTCnB FOR . SACK.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhau, tho
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPING.- *
CHESTNUT. 292—1 or 2 anriny furnished room*.
CHESTNUT. 293— Sunny furn. rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; flne view; quiet neighborhood.
EDDY, 9J9— 2 large w^ furnished rooms;
newly papered ;.prlvate residence; no children.
ELEVENTH, 10ft— Nicely furnished .bay-wln-
dow suite for housekeeping; also single nns.
ELLIS, 611— i rooms, newly furnished, house-
keeping,' $W; also 2 rooms, 113 50; 'sunny.
FtTLTOJl. 116— Z furnished rooms for houso-
kefplsx: rent reasonable. ¦
JONES, J500, corner Jackaon— Three outside
sunny corner rooms; desirable location; cars
pass the door; adults. ¦ ; ¦ . .
LARKIN, 716— Sunny suit* . of housekeeping
room? ; $12.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front room, $10;
2 sunny back housekeeping rooms. 111.
LAIIKIN. 819H— Neatly furnished alcove suite,
housekeeping: also single front room; phone.
MCALLISTER, 231—3 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; no children; {20.
1 LARGE sunny room, furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent $1 26 per week. Apply at
shoe store, &C2 Mission st..' between First and
Second eta,
MISSION, 945— Front room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
NOE, 153, near llark't— S sunny bay-window
rooms; folding bed, gas stove, . grate; $314.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; mantel, large ' room, with - kitchen,
complete.
SIXTH. 13fr-Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
STOCKTON. C07— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single- rooms. .,', ¦
TEIIAMA. 478. near Sixth— $9; 2 sunny front
room* for light housekeeping.
$10—4 room8..El^ Thirteenth st.. near Guerrero.
TWELFTH, 120—2 furnished eunny housrkeep-
lng rooms; select locality; private family.
ROOMS TO LET— Fa rn . n ml I'nfnrn.
AROYLE. The. McAllister st.. cor. Larkln—
This high-claw rooming-house is newly open-
ed; It has been elegantly and .tastefully fur.
niched ; every improvement • for comfort and
fanitaryj-equlrements has been adopted; dl
outside, sunny rooms, with or without baths;
parties with references are Invited to inspect
above premise*; roomi shown In the 6venlnfr,
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms ; modern conveniences rooms
* 60c up; first-class meals S3c; free, coach. ¦ .. '
A— BRUNSWICK House, Hi Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and light
hotHiekeeplng; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niebed rms., suites,, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
'urn. sunny rms., single,' en suite, newly reno-
vated; all convert. ¦ Mrs. , K.< M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY. 613— Front bay-window suite; furnished
. or unfurnished*.: also? two handsomely fur-
•nlshed rooms, eingle; terms moderate. ,
EDDY, 770— Handsomely ¦ furnished back parlor
¦ rjid- other rooms;, running water; bath.
EDDT. 824— Eunny suite, suitable for 2 or J gen-
tlomen; also single room; reasonable. .
I'lLBERT. 614— Nicelr furnished sunny alcove
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.^ \ -¦".
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant .unfurnished I rooms jto
•¦let.. ¦¦" ' -¦-•• " : -':¦¦-*:'¦¦•'' ' '- •¦ ¦'¦
FULTON. £25 — Large .furnished double: room;
'bath; cultable for two.- '?. "; ¦- ' ¦ ¦*¦ -*»
GEARY. 405 <The Navarre)— El?,?antly ftBS'iJtaJ
nns; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
";:!¦ RATT.WAY TBAVZL,
'> -~- y :'.¦ ¦ " \. % ¦ <i
<; - • - - . 2
s *>
\ "A Crust of Bread, i|
! "A Jus of Wine
"And Thou"
i • I
;| Beside me on the Limited —
<| . the California Lhnitci [ \
I * Well, we ?an do better j|
i| than that on the Santa Fe. j!
I We can pass. 3 happy days j!
I going to Chicago .. i;
I and livmj IiKe princes \
I 0! the blood. j
j* ;
<;> • ¦ *
ft • J
Monniii rAvivio coxriiTi
/ ; - * - CAOino ststkk.) -
• *> riUNl'Mt'O.
(Main line. Foot of Uuket SlrwV) Y,
imatu — , Tnou J a s c a bt L 1901. — Amarra
' ' 7iSOa Benlcia, auUan, Elmlra. T»c»tCo,
Bamsey and Saerftaento.'. 7i43»
~tM9 a Data, Woodland, Knights Landing,
sJaryirille, Orot Ule. TMSr
TiSOA AUantia Kxpre«»— Oflan aad Baas lSiISr
. S:««a Martluex.SaaUktnon.VaIleio.Haea),
CalUtora and Santa Roea MilSr
8:00a Kfle«, Lhennora. Tncy, Ltthrop,
8tockVn TtXSr
' . »:»Oa Shasta f xpress— Dftvis, William* (fof
BartleM SpringsX Willows. B«4
Bluff, PortUml. 7«-»3»
¦it»A San Jose, IiTenaore, Stockton, Q
lone. riacr%rnento, naoerrllle,
M»rin!ll«, Chieo. Uevl Hluft ' 4llSp
¦»SOa Oakdale, Chinese, fcoixira. Carters... 4il.1p
•:«»a Haiwatils. fUlosand Way HtaUons. 1I.44*
VittUt Los Ancetos Express— UarUnesk
Tncy, Lathrop, Stockton. Meree4
ITresno snd Los Annlea Tit3r
• StSOA Vallolo, Martiiiex ana Way Buttons St43r
1 OittO a Tha Overland Umlt«d— Ogden. Deo.
»«r, Omaha. Chicago •«¦•»*
11:OOa Nllrs, 8tookton. Bacrameoto, Moo.
dot». rresno, Haaford, vballa,
PortenUIo «HS»
llrOOA Llrermore, Banger. Ooshen Joso-
Uon. BakenneUL Los Ancelea..... •
tltOOr 8aor»ineuto ltlf«tSl*.»>ief«... ...... 1»i»«U
Zi99r Hajwudu, Nlles and Way 8»«Uoai. OUlr
fiOMpMartlnex, Hau lUwoii. TaUejo,
Napa, CalUkoja, HanU Itosa • »i13a
«iO»r Beuicia, Winters. Baeiaiuenlo,
Woodland. Kulghla Landlol.
M«rja<lll<>. O»o»lll« I«i4» %
4i3<»r Rsywiurds, Mies and Han Jos* fSKILa
StOOr NUes, LiTtrmore. Stockton. Lodi ... IOMJa
«StOOp Bonset limited. El Paso. Sew
Orleans and Eut «I«il3*
O:OOpT1io Owl Limited— Traer. riecno,
. Bakenfleld. Bangui tor Saata Bat-
bara,Los AB>eIea........t.>... v . ithlSi
8iO»r K«w Orleant Eirress-UakenSoM.
HanU Uarbtra. Los Ad isles, Dem*
Inc. Kl Paso. New Orleans aud
Kait »?€•»
•s«Op Hat wards, NUe» and Baa Jose 7t4»»
tSiOOr Vaflsjo ll«41»
0<0tfr Oriental Mill-Og.ien, Chejenns.
Omaha. Chl««9 1»«13»
« tOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denrer.
Oraaba, Chiomo... ................ 4il3p
7lOOr Oregon aad California Kipress.Hae.
rameiiU, Marj«»ll!e. ItwMtnc,
rurtlami. Pugot Noiintl «ml Rsik IiOa
¦.•SpSaa Pahlo. P<«» Coata. Mirtiaes
a»d Way Htatlons llilS*
t»iOar Vallrjo..... 7»45>
COAST IUIISIOM (Narrovf «a»(te).
j (Foot ot Vlirkol Street.)
»il.->* Newark. C'entanltle.Haj. I o»o. F»lton. i
3loulilerCn:ok.Ssaiit»Crnx»iidWa»
ttUUoilS ••••F
|Sil9r Newark, Center? illo. Ban Joie, >ow
Almaden, Fellon. llonltler Creek,
Banto Cm aad Vrluclpal Way
BtaUous ?'I'?!!*
4il.1p Newark. M«n Jose. Los Gatoa S«.-><»4
a»t««r Hunter*' Exwusion. San Jos« aad
Way Stations •'•• t'«*f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtafll rillCUCO— f«»t *f aarktt SUt.i (S!i* SJ—
rt:M •:» lt*0*.m. l.-» »*» SrlSp ra.
ytora Oakland- Foot of Broadiray.— f« O 1tM
10:t0a.m. 13:00 1^0 «. -00p.m.
COAST BITISIOX (Itroad «aas;e).
(Thlnl mid To-wnneml St»i>
t«:H» 4 Ocean View, Month H»n Krtucwcu.. |«»i»«»r .
7i«O«Haii Jo»e ami Wa» 8Utl..ns (New
Alumloii We.lii*idaisoiil»> I«aOf
¦ •¦••* Man Joe*. Tres lMuos. HanU Crux.
PaeUI* (Jto.e. 1'asn llnlilra. Han
1 - IjiIs OW.twn Su*f. Lompoo aud
Priitelpal War Stallone J' 1 ?*
IOil»* Ban io— and Way Station*. •»»»
I IiSOa San Jo«e au4 Way SUtlons ........ "'»O»
; f t*t*»r Ban Mat-o, lledwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Manta Clara. San. Jm*.
Tres PInos. 8a»it» Cr«i». Ballnaa.
Monterey ami 1'aelno Oro»e |Iwt««»
?Sil»r San Joseand Way Stations ........ 7i3»f
H«I»P San Joseaii.t Principal Way SUtlon. . »U3.
tSiOtfrSan Jose. Los Galos and Principal
Wit Stetions tO«««»
OtSOp San Juse anil Prinek>al Wa» Station*
•:»»p 8an Jose aud Way. •JUtlons *2'»V
qlli43f San Jos* and Way Stations ««ao>
A tor Moruinc Pfor AfUrnooa.
f Dwi'Im exempted. • I »¦¦¦•» mm%
m Kaodajs, 'Wednesdays, IMdays.
\tS£S2$\. IhnnSSa^onda™.
aSaturdai only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. Ca
SAH FRANCISCO AND "OTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market S*.
Gan Frnneisco to Can Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
WEEK DAYS— 7:35. 9:00. 11:00 a. ra.: 13:15. J:».
1:10. 8:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip at H:3A
P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 ui
BUNDAT3^S:C0. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. I:A
6:00, 1:20 p. m.
Han Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 3:20. 11:10 a. ro.; U:«,
»:<», 6:10 p.- m. . Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:6*
and titi p. rn.
SUNDAYS-S:W] 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
8:05, l:» n. m.
Between San Francisco aad ScJmetzea Park.
umi schedule as above.
." ., L«a*e I In Effect I ArrtTw
Ban rniaclsco. [Not. 7. 1900. \ San Franctico.
VTeckti'Sun- I I Son- I Wet*
Dnys.'t.days. | Destlaatloa. I day*. I Depra.
7:30 am «:00 am Novato. 10:4O am %:*Q ana
I:30»pm >:S0 am Petaluma. «:C5 pm 10:25 aaa
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:15 pm 1:33 pm
7: JO am ' . 10:X ata
1 • . • Bealdsbars.
; ' <r. . . • I^rtton. ' »
' '.-'¦' OeyservlUa,
S:W pm 1:00 am Cloverdala. 7:C pm t:O pm
7:30 oral ¦ -1 Bopland I I
.<¦¦: I r:O0 ami and Ufclah. [ T:» pm| t-J> p«a
T:30.am ' f ¦ 110^5 am
S:00am Querneville. T:Spml
8:30 pm «:M pm
7:30 am 8:00 fcm 'Sonoma," 19:15 am %:*0 am
and i 1
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Gles Ellen. | (:03 pm 1:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am[10:2S am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Bebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| »:a pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Marie West
Fprlnn and: White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
Ocyservllle for Ska^gs Springs; at Clov»rdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kel*ejnrlll* Carls-
fcad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprlnn; at Ukiah for vlchy Springs. Saratoga
Eprlnra. Bine Lakes. Laurel Cell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,: Potter Valley.
John- Day's. Riverside. I,ler ley's, Buckm>U's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HuUvtlle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, U»al.
'Willetts. Laytonvllle. Cuclmlnirs. Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rw-
duced ' rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket office, CO Market st.. Chronicle bu!U-
ln». R. X. RYAN,
H. C WmTINO. Oen. Pass. Agt
Gen. Manager. "
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Saoullto Ferry— Foot of Market St'" . ',
ly. **m man. an. saw nun.
9:15 a.m.) » -iririr-ir niva ( 3:0O p. m.
1:«P. M. • WEEKDAYS J « ::3 r K _
4:00 r. tt.) Stay oTernishtat the tatcrx (io:.r» a.m.
W)*.».) • . - •: ¦ t lK»r.M.
10:'X1a. M. *_ Brvriiro J S.-flO^.M.
lldOA.M. BLr*UAYS i 4S5P.M.
1:15 p.m. J ' ¦ -¦ luir.x.
Farv. San Fnnct<ea to Sommit and Rcnrn. f I.4O.
Ticket Offices, 021 Market St., & Saasallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 KEABSV ST. Established
in I *3 1 for the treatment nf I'rlvato
Diseases. Ix>*t Manhood. Debility or
sMrwanf wearing nr. body and mlnel and
Slcln Diseases. The Doctor cores wiirn
others fail. Ttj him. Charges low.
«'nre« ern»ri»n«rr<f. CallorwrtM.
; Dr. J. r. UIBBO.N, san Francisco. CaL '_
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.'
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'dt Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:M p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•' Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 115 a ..A....
" Fresno ... .3:20 p J:35-p 8:05 a
" "Hanford.. U:12 p 1:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare.... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05a
•'. Bksneld. v «:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
." Kan City 8:41a- 7:30 a ,
" Chicago 2:lSp 9:00 p ........
a for morning. - p for afternoon. - '
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are - honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 t>. m. .Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and .
free Reclining; Chair Car.- also Palace
Sleeper, which, cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. ra-. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley.* .Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. ra. dally.
Offices— «41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-,
land. . ' ' . - ' . »
\CHIGAGO \
In LESS t 1 "" 1
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At lQ A. M.
Chicago. Union Pacific
& Nortn-lVestern Lint is '
T~\OU'BLE Dravmg'7(6om Sletfimg
. I J Cars, Buffet, andlibrars
-¦-¦jv { Cars, w'ih harder. Dining Cars-'
meals- a li carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Seroici and Personally Conducted Ex %
cursions tverv veth from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. Th$ best of everything.
¦ ¦¦ Jt. ft. MTCHIB
617 Market St. Omeral Agent Pacific Qxut
'. Pataet BoUl BASTSAJfCISCO
¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vta S«ueallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1S00.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. . •
.WEEK DAYS— 6:55. •9:15. 11.00 a. m.. «1:45,
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. •S^, 6:40'». m.
. EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill . Valley and - San
Rafael : on Mondays.- Wednesdays and Satur-
days at »:C0 and 11:35 p; m. «-. >...-¦¦
SUNDAYS— 'SiOO, »;0:C0. .'ll:*) a. m.. «l:U,
3-15, •4:45," 6:30. 9:00 p. ra. •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2t>. »S:30. 7:45. 9:30 a, in..
•12:30, 1:45, »3:30, 4:30. 6:20 p.m.
: : EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, - Wednesdays
and Saturdays • at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. 1 •8:00. np:00, »U:45 a. j m..
•1:40, ! *2:15. 4:45. »«:30 p.-m. ' "
¦ Trains ¦ marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45. .7:65, 9:30 a. m..
12:35, 2:10, 3:30,- 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
5 EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, 3:30.
6:00,. 6:45 p.*m.- ' •¦
. THROUGH TRAINS.
8:£5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. ' ¦ ¦"--., ¦ -...-.'
- 1:45 ' p. , m. Saturdays— Tomales - and . way
stations. ; M^ i qBa£^'^iUiUjmBSj>»«atu.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
¦ " .0Good Effects in. Framing.
V,The most; charmlrie effects' in natural
wood moldings in- this; dull; Flemish Vand
polished finishes. Many newi'tlnts In mat
boards recently added. Tiny blacks, grays
creeps, mahogany and gilt : moldings uswd
for . framing small ', pictures : produce beau
tiful gems for wall dccorr.tinns : at t. very
reasonable; prices. Sanborn. Vail 'ft Cv,
Ml Market street. • .-¦•,-
The: New. Year's edition .of the Chung
Sal Yat Po. the Chinese newspaper which
ls° published 'In this city, indicated that
the " sons '". of ' the "Flowery = Kingdom .' are
making vast strides in ' the -journalistic
neld.^Thin up-to-date journal, besides be
ing • the | first i Chinese i paper . printed from
type, ; now. holds the: honor of • being/ the
first \ Chinese paper to. Issue (a*, colored il
lustrated edition. ' The Innovation at first
startled the conservative. celestials,". but
now they are .very enthusiastic over the
achievement and ? tho ; paper; Is having: an
immense sale..* The chief
which represents ", the i?od'-.-of
plenty, 'appears on the last page, accord
ing to the Chinese custom.-, as. they begin
at the 'back and read toward, the fyont.
Illustrated Chinese Paper.
Tha Board of Trade takes exception to
the strictures of Auditor Wells regarding
that body's connection' with'nhe'collection
of the city's indebtedness which rvfiw
shortly be paid by virtue of the consti
tutional amendment recently, adopted by
the people. H.'.L. Smith.' secretary of tho
Board, of .Trade.- has addressed^an open
letter stating; the; po'sition of- the 'hoard
on ~the matter -and, a,lso" explaining^ how
It came to. be connected: with -the collec
tion of old claims against the city.
Board of Trade Answer! Wells.
The application of "'Charles Wedder
strand for a perpetual. injunction against
the California Jockey. Club will be finally
adjudicated' in the United States courts.
Wedderstrand was given an injunction
yesterday against the San Francisco
Jockey Club and other defendants : to re
strain them from preventing him from
riding on the local tracks, but the action
against the California Jockey Club was
dismissed without picjudlce that the right
of the petitioner to r!de on. all tracks In
the United States might be determined by
the United States courts in his action
against this club. - , .¦ •
Wedderstrand's Case.
The Southern Pacific has announced a
$10 excursion to Bakersfleld on; Saturday
evening. March .9, the'purpose being to
give those who may be Interested In , oil
developments a chance to see for them
selves what a wonderful work is now go
ing on In that Industry. The excursion will
be made in Pullman buitet sleeping cars,
•for which the round trio berth rate is $4.
Early Sunday trains will be runfrom Ba
kersfield to Oil City and McKlttrlck. for
both of which. there will be a special rate
made :¦ for excursionists. - More complete
details will follow. when arrangements are
completed. William H. Menton. excursion
passenger agent for the Southern Paciilc.
will have charge of the party. Reserva
tions should be made right away.
Southern Pacific -Excursion on March
A TRIP TO THE 0|L . F|ELDS
swore to a complaint In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday charging "Jane Doe" with
grand larceny. He claims that» he has
been the victim of a female robber.
Hunter says he was on his way to his
room about 2 o'clock on the morning of
February 22, and at Taylor and O'Farrell
streets was accosted by a woman dressed
in black. He had been drinking, but was
capable of taking care of himself. While
talking to him the woman suddenly grab-*
bed his gold watch and chain and dis
appeared into a saloon on the corner. He
ran after her, but she evidently got out
of a rear door, as he was unable to find
her. ~ ¦
Hunter notified Policeman Morton and
since then the officer ; haa f been. trying to
Identify, the woman. He thinks he has
succeeded, and the ;. warrant, for her ar
rest was m-ocured.- Hunter values the
stolen watch and chain at more than'$30.
CLAIMS TO. BE VICTIM
, " OF A FEMALE FOOTPAD
Philip Hunter Robbed of Gold "Watch
and Chain by Woman, He
Declares;
Phillip Hunter, a stranger jn the city,
who Is temporarily living at 1 Fifth street.
SECEPTION IS GIVEN TO \
THEOSOPHIST LEADEB
Arch Apostle of Theosophy Tells of
' His Strange Experiences In
¦ the Orient.
Colonel H. S.' Olcott, president and
founder of the International theosophical
movement, was tendered an Informal re
ception by Golden Gato Lodge last night.
This is Colonel Olcctt's first vlelt to
America since 1X91. and there was a large
attendance of those xoxlous to hear of
the- great teacher's strange I experiences
among the occult seers of India.
Colonel Olcott, having been introduced
to the audience by President YV. J. Wal
ters, made a ."brief address. . He stated
that for most of the time for the paot
twenty ye&rs h- had been working In. the
Orient. He gave a' short history of the
Asiatic propaganda, showing how joyfully
the people received his teachings. Colonel
Olcott has influenced the Buddhists to
hdld schools of their own and 23,000 pupils
have" left English schools for those of
their own religion.
Among other works Colonel Olcott has
written a catechism, which . has been
translated Into twenty different tongues.
While teaching, he Pays. , he has been
walking hand In hand with those myste
rious Indian philosophers who have at
tained helghtn Invisible to the. most
learned scholars of modern civilization. -
After the address opportunity was given
to those present to meet Colonel Olcott,
and a pleasant social time followed. »
To-Day (Thursday)
I will Ftart the great clothing sale and I
will cell men's clay worsted and Cheviot
suit?, various colors, worth $18,' for only
14 65. Overcoats for :he same price: ¦ alsS
500 pairs' of $3 50 pants for 90 cents, at tli*>
clothing assignee sale cf the Boston, 77j
Markot ftrcrt. near Fourth. P. C. Kelly.
asslsn?c. •" j
Cost of Spring Valley Water Works '
now beihtr used in collecting and
distributing water *.. $16.303, 715 83
Turning upon Secretary Pelham Ames*
valuation of $26,245,095 66. Reed figures that
it should be reduced by $7,774,795 58. which
represents issue of stock and abandoned
property, leaving $18,470,300 08 as a basis
for -fixing rates. By a third method of
computation Reed places the valuation at
$19,221,910 S4. and by a fourth method at
$19,843,818 16, based upon City Engineer
Grunsky's estimate.
J17.992.3S0 04
Real estate not in use.' 1.683.664 1«
Reed then proceeds from a practical ap
plication of the foregoing principles to as
certain the value of the Spring Valley
plant, as follows:. . .
Par value- bonds and stocks.: $26. 775,000 00
Water in same.. 4.363.70180
v ' ' $22,411,238 20
Abandoned, decayed and worn out
property 4,418.918 16
Reid PFaces Valuation of
Spring Valley at Twenty '
Minions.
Supervisor Reed yesterday submitted* to*
the Board of Supervisors a proposed ordi
nance fixing water rates, for Its consider
ation at the, meeting this afternoon. The
ordinance fixes the rates upon a valuation
of J20.000.0C0 on the Spring Valley plant
and allowa $196,000 for taxes and J425.000
for operating expenses. Reed recommends
a cut of 5 per cent in householders' rates
and a 35 per cent cut in shipping rates;
that the board fix a uniform meter rate
of 17 cents per 100 cubic feet, and that the
charge for hydrant service and other pub
lic charges be. done away with, as they
are not based upon the amount of water
used.
Reed also filed a statement of what he
regards as the law and the facts in rela
tion to the fixing of water rates. After
quoting from the constitution 1 and court
decisions to show that the Spring Valley
"Water Company Is In the possession of
property which has been devoted by the
constitution to the use of the people, Reed
draws the following conclusions:
The whole obligation of the people toward
the water company Is to fix reasonable rates
and allow Just compensation.
The courts will step In and nullify the rates
fixed by the legislative body only when the
act of the Supervisors . if enforced would re
sult in the taking of the property without Just
compensation.
The depreciation in the property of the
water- company Is not to be provided against
in the rates fixed by the board.
The orielnal cost is. the basic element Jn
arriving at the actual Value of the plant. .
Only the property of the water company at
the time It Is being used for the public should
enter into the computation upon which actual
HE FAVORS CUT
IN WATER RATES
Mr. Coombs will go 'out of office* as
United States' District Attorney at mid
night to-night and be will leave to his
successor, Marshall B. Woodworth, the
herculean task of "moving State officers"
to abate an evil that has been In exist
ence here ever since 1S50. • ' - A
Referring to yours of ISth, matter rests with
State authorities, but being peculiarly im
portant, you are directed to Inform and move
State officers, and In conjunction with Chinese
Inspector Gardner, to render every possible
assistance In punishing these degrading of
fenses and preventing repetition.
In reply to the foregoing letter Attor
ney General Griggrs transmitted yester
day ' the'« following telegram to Mr.-
Coombs: -.
On the ISth inst. United States District
Attorney Coombs in response to an ln
guiry of the 'Attorney General of -tho
tnited States forwarded the following let
ter: ;
I am In receipt of your letter of ¦ February
11. 1901. inclosing one from Fred McKenzte of
Calumet. Mich., whereon is attached copy of
press dispatch from San Francisco with refer
ence to the selllnc at auction of five Chinese
Klrls in Chinatown, San Francisco, in the
month of January.
I .understand the facts to 'be as follows:
During the month of January two buildings
Were sold in San Francisco at auction. That
they were at the time houres of ill-fame, and
I that the Chinese girls referred to were inmates
of the houses. • -
I understand that these Klrls were included
as chattels, passim; with the house. Accord
inn to Oriental custom, mysterious, inscrutable,,
without the pale of the law, these things are
done. .
The authorities do their best, yet, inseparable
from their institutions, these degrading Influ
ences are brought here with the Chinese.
There Is no doubt of the trade and traffic In
immoral slavery. They are not sold. In the
market place under the sanction which en
couraged the trade as of old. .yet behind lies,
deceitB and degrading practices, Chinese slav
ery seems to be Carried on.
I herewith transmit a translation copy mad.e
for me by Dr. J. E. Gardner of the Chinese
burf-au of a notice of this or a similar^ salt
as an illustration.
Washington Excited Over
the*Sale of Chinese Girls
in San Francisco.
ATTORNEY GRIGGS
TO STOP SLAVERY
Thomas had a premonition that he was
about to -die. At the Iroquois Club ban
quet Tuesday he turned to a newspaper
reporter with whom he had been ac
quainted for many years and remarked:
•'You will Boon be called on to write my
obituary. If you don't, some one else will.
I want to give you a little Information
that no on6 else can get. It will be inter
esting."
PROMINENT PRINTER WHO
HAD PREMONITION OP
DEATH IMPENDING.
"That i? an offer of a bribe pure and
simple." said easterly after the meeting
adjourned. "We can give you the proof.
Mr. Superintendent, that, your deputy
ir.ade that proposal to Director Mark a
few days ago at his hotel in Sacra
mento."
Casiarly turned away and ¦went on to
pay that if the board had the influence or
the power to rcmo\*e KinRsbury he would
not held his position very \nng.
"Bill No. S3 gives the Superintendent
The resolution was adopted, and Web
ster, who had sat unmoved during its
reading, arose and said;
"1 do not believe a syllable contained In
that resolution. The jirovisions of bill 83
have been distorted by the board and
made to acre*? with it* views. The
efcarp:e that Kingsbury sought to compro
mise in any way with this board is false,
in my opinion, and were he present he
would certainly deny it. It is a grave
charge and a cowardly attack on an ab
sent official. Bill 83. to which the board
takc-F exception, simply places in the
hands cf the Superintendent the power to
execute those <luties which the State law
command!" him to assume and perf'fm.
He is empowered to grade schools and
appoint Janitors, but if the board objects
he has no power under present conditions
t«f- execute his authority.
Webster Says Charge Is False.
Resolved. That this board does most vigor
ously con<ien-.n the provisions of Assembly bill
No.. S3 as an attack upon the principles of
r.esae rule guaranteed by the charter, as not
in accord with the constitutional school ystejn
established by the Legislature and as an in
sincere attempt by threatening the depriva
tion of the powers of this board to compel Us
i-upport of a measure to raise .the salaries
Xi the deputy superintendents.
The strained relations existing between
the jBoard of Education and School Super
intendent Webster's office peached a cli
rr.sx -at the meeting yesterday, rooming
when the board hy resolution charged Dep
uty Superintendent Klngsbury with 'having
¦Approached "Director. Mark with : a propo
sition to withdraw bill 83, now before the
Legislature, If the board would agree to
support bill RS. which increases the sala
ries of Deputy Superintendents frcni'JlSOO
to $3900 per year. The resolution; which
was introduced by Denman, follows: •- •
Wb*reas. A**eir.bly hill M. sometimes , called
the ""School Children'* Keller Bill." -which wa*
lrirodaoed *n-the Legislature at .the: request
cf thej?an Franctfco Superintendent of Schools.
iV'tfeyigneS .to- transter to the eald. Superin
tendent practically • all- the functions granted
by the charter to the Board of Education; and
whereas, a certain other bill, known as tne
••DeputHf' Salary Bill." was Introduced at the
Superintendent's requwt simultaneously with
the so-called "Children's Relief Bill." taking
frcni the hoard the power to determine the
Ctpaiy superintendents' salaries and . raising
th«ir salaries from ll*O0 to $3000; and whereas,
the first deputy of the Superintendent of
fcfcools. on behalf of said Superintendent, has
submitted to this board an offer to withdraw
the Superintendent's purport of the so-called
••Children^ Relief Bill" if the Board of Edu
cation would support his ••Deputies' Salary
Bill"' and whereas, the Hoard of Education
npards such an insincere attack uiwa the
charter powers of the board for the purpose
cf raising- a salary allowance as a despicable
cbu&e of th« functions of the Legislature, and
the offer to withdraw the "•Children's Relief
Bill" as a trots betrayal cf those whom the
Miperintendent had persuaded into a mistaken
belief in its necessity. Now, therefore, be it
Superintendent Webster De
nies Alleged- Act oi <
Deputy.
It Declares Ringskry
Tried to Force a
Compromise.
SCHOOL BOARD
MAKES CHARGE
OF DUPLICITY
Constable Theodore Molles of Crockett
was In the- city yesterday. He says that
Cooper got two diamond rings from Jo
seph Broder.of Crockett. 1 It Is on Bro
der's complaint that the warrant has been
issued for Cooper's \ arrest for procuring
money by false pretenses. - Mrs. Groom
of the Star Hotel at Crockett was directed
by Cooper to prepare a wedding supper
for twenty guests at $5 per plate for last
Monday night. She ordered champagne to
the amount of $150., Constable MoUes
warned her not to get the dinner until
she saw the money for it and she was
wise enough to take his advice.' Molles
says .that Cooper and Nora Schneider left
Port Costa at 9:15 Sunday morning on the
train for Sacramento. " The seal on Coo
per's bogus papers was made at 228 Mont
gomery-street. . 7
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 27.— While at San
Quentln Oooper was 'regarded as one of
the most dangerous men In the Institu
tion* The latter portion of his imprison-,
ment was spent In an Incorrigible cell. In
.the spring of 189S "Cooper, together with
eight or nine other prisoners, concocted a
scheme to escape. : Cooper at that time
was employed in the kitchen of the night
guard. According • to the plans of the
pchemers. Cooper was to poison the coffee
of the guards, and then he and his associ
ates were to effect their escape. Captain
Edgar discovered the plot in time, and the
men were placed In the dungeon. Cooper
was the first one to break down..- He told
the whole story, throwing the blame on
the : others. It afterward developed that
he was the ringleader. From-that time on
he occupied an incorrigible cell. -
Cooper's record is long, although he Is
still young. Young women who fell vic
tims to him vere Bertha E. Young of
Brisbane, Helen Scott of Sydndy. N. S.
¦\V., and Ida M. Campaignc of Shel
bourne..'Ontario. He has done -time at
hard labor in the Antipodes, and has been
before courts In various places repeatedly
on criminal charges. .- ¦
Mrs. Schneider, on learning that Cooper
has a wife living, was somewhat com
forted, for that would render the cere
mony that hurriedly took place at Crock
ett last Saturday night null and void. At
the same time it furnishes ground for a
bigamy charge upon which Cooper can be
prosecuted. ¦
Every Police Department east of this
city has been supplied by Captain Sey
mour with ¦¦ descriptions- of Cooper and
Nora Schneider. Mrs. Schneider is cer
tain that Cooper had little money, the
total not to exceed $55, last Saturday, but
he may have raised money on the $2"iO dia
mond engagement ring that was bought
with a check in this city. As Captain E.
M. Colville of Crockett indorsed that check
he is a loser to that amount. As late as
yesterday a chock of the same size,
drawn by Cooper, was presented at the
Donohoe-Kelly Bank for payment. Pre
viously the checks presented amounted to
$5000. Dr. Rlley of Port Costa Is reported
to have accepted a check for $2000.
A singular feature of the transaction
connected with and leading up to the
Crockett wedding is that Cooper did not
receive any of the' goods for which he
passed out checks, with the exception of
the diamond ring procured from A. An
drews, and the diamond • dealer took
pains to delay the delivery of- the ring
until he found out that the check was
good. It is reported that one Crockett
man took Cooper's note for $400 In money.
All of this goes to show that Cooper may
have the means ¦ to get- some distance
away. • ¦'. •
Mrs. Schneider, mother of Nora, vlsite-1
police headquarters yesterday and added
some statements to those she had previ
ously made concerning the actions of
Cooper, alias Chadwick. She said that
Cooper, after he. presented the evidence,
manufactured for the occasion, . of • the
large inheritance he was to receive from
the estate of an alleged aunt in England,
actually went through. the motions or hav
ing a corporation formed in this city lor
the purpose of managing the estate. She
was much surprised when Captain.Sey
mour told her that Cooper had prevlously
served four girls as ne had her daughter
one In England, two in Australia and one
in Canada. He was also on the point oi
eloping with another from the Hotel
Langham in this city the night Seymour
arrested him on the charge that resulted
in sending him to 3an Quentln, from
which he emerged only about a month
ago.' ... . .
The seal on the bogus notification of the
English estate of Eliza Adelaide Chad
wlck was exactly like one that Cooper
used in. a similar exoloit several years
ago, which is In Captain Seymour's poa-.
session. On the former occasion Cooper
claimed to be heir to the estate of Sir
Harry W. Cooper and he borrowed $2000
at that time from Mrs. McDonald, his
wife's mother, to go to England to receive
that estate. ¦
Mrs. Schneider claimed to have discov
ered that the seal on the document used
to deceive her daughter into dreams o.
wealth and luxury was manufactured on
Montgomery street in this citv.
Everything that. Cooper exhibited in
Crockett as evidence of his standing was
fraudulent, Including his diploma as n
physician. The name of Chadwlck was
not new to him. In 18%. In Sydney. N. S.
"W.. he was held on two charges of pro
curing money by false pretenses under tlie
name of Charles Ernest 1 Chadwlck. He
has merelv readopted t>n old name.
"When he came out of San Quentln."
said Captain Seymour, yesterday, "he told
me that he was golnc to Crockett to do
something. I told him then that he would
do somebody. He called on me first on
the day he left San Quentln. Later on he
called on me twice. He said that he had
a job at Crockett and was connected with
Dr. Rlley. There is no doubt that Cooper
and' Chadwlck are one and the same
man."
Nora Schneider of Crockett was seen
Sunday afternoon by Theoaore Kytka, the
handwriting expert, on a train going to
Sacramento. She was accompanied by
Harry Westwood Cooper, alias Ernost
Moore Chadwlck. Kvtka ki.ew j Cooper
very ..well, by: sight. Yesterday, he- notified
the police of this city and a reauest wa3
Immediately sent out fay Captain Seymour
to all the police at all "Eastern points to
arrest Cooper on sight. A warrant for
Cooper's arrest on a charge of obtaining;
money by false pretenses had been sworn
out at Port Costa. KvtHa did not know
that there was any reason for saying any
thing about Cooper until the exolo'ts at
Crockett of Cooper, alias Chadwlck, were
published lp this paper yesterday.
ITora Schneider's 'Mother Learns for
the First Time That Her "Son
in-Law" Is an ex- .
.. ' Convict. •
Swindler geeh on an East
* bound Train With His
Latest Dupe.
POLICE TRYING
TO CATCH COOPER
the power to repair school buildings, to
appoint Janitors, to establish new schools,
the ultimate power of approving or reject
ing school buildings, and numerous other
functions." said Denman. •
"The bill certainly does not give the
Superintendent such pow ers . but the
State law docs." replied Webster. It
does that the Superintendent
shall organize new classes when they are
deemed a necessity and the board refuses
to do so."
Kingsbury Denies Accusation. '
"If any of my subordinates would make
such an offer." said Webster, "I .would
dismiss him forthwith. Why, I recall that
the same charge was made before the
Senate Judiciary Committee by Director
Denman's son. and Kingsbury then and
there branded the statement as absolute
ly false. Klngsbury returned from Sacra
mento late yesterday afternoon and em
phatically asserted that he had never
made any kind of a proposition to Di
rector Mark regarding the school bills.
He Kavs that he had a conference with
Mark at the latter's request and. the sub
ject of future contingencies that would
arise should the bills bo passed and the.
advisability : of withdrawing them was
discussed Informally. Kingsbury says
that neither he nor Mark committed hlm
pelf, and he expressed much surprise at
the board's accusation."
The board also adopted another reso
lution protesting against the passage of
th« bill now before the Legislature and
designed to fix the salaries of Deputy
Superintendents at $3000 per year.
The board assigned Miss J. McDonald.
No. 1 on the substitute list, to the Sher
man Primary School as a regular teacher.
Mis* M. Liner, No. 1 on the unasslgned
list, was transferred to' the substitute list.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss J. E. Clark and Miss Ksther Lev
lngston.
In his regular monthly report' to the
board. Superintendent Webster again
calls attention, to the crowded condition
of the Bernal School and recommends
that an additional teacher - be assigned
thereto. Deputy Howard also, reports
that the Hearst School has a. crowded
class in that of Miss. Van den Bertr. where
there are -fifty-nine • pupils enrolled and
only fifty-eight seats with desks.
George Crocker, president of the Pacific
Improvement Company, arrived in the
city last evening from New York In his
special car. He was accompanied by his
wife and her two daughters, the Misses
Rutherford. . • • ,
What the outcome of Mr. Crocker s
visit to the coast will be 1» at present
somewhat doubtful. He said this was
the annual visit he paid California to run
over the. affairs of the Pacific Improve
ment Company. He was asked if it was
true that the company he is the presi
dent of was about to sell to the Southern
Pacific all its realty holdings in San
Francisco. He said he did not yet know
whether that deal would be consummated,
but that if a good figure was offered for
the properties they would be sold.
Mr Crocker denied the report that the
Harriman syndicate had offered to buy
the Crocker stock in the Pacific Improve
ment Company, and emphatically, re
marked that this stock was not on the
market. He claimed that, though the
Harriman syndicate is in control of a
large amount of the Southern Pacific
Railroad stocks, yet it is not In control
of the board. ... , ,
"The Harriman syndicate has. said
Crocker, "only two-fifths of the stock.
To gain possession of the board at tne
next annual meeting it will have to use
similar tactics to those employed by thp
late C P. Huntingdon and secure proxies
representing many shares. These are
easily obtained, however, and the syndi
cate'will secure control of the pad.
Says Pacific Improvement
Company May Dispose
of City' Realty.
CROCKER HERE
ON BUSINESS
PJ. THOMAS, who was one of
the best known pioneer print
ers of this State, passed away -
O suddenly yesterday morning at
his residence. 1307 Vallejo
street. He was seized with a severe spell
of coughing which -continued for some
time, notwithstanding his efforts to check
it. He was next taken with a ! hemor
rhege and passed away almost immedi
ately.' The deceased had attended a ban
quet on the previous evening and was
then apparently enjoying the best of
health.
P. J. Thomas was born in County Gal
way. Ireland, in . 1S50. and . after having
learned printing emigrated to the United
States. After a short sojourn in New
York, he came to this city, where he had
Fince resided. In 1S5S ***• rounded the Mon
itor, a weekly publication devoted to the
Interests of Catholics. Under his skillful
management this publication acquired a
wide circulation. Later Mr. Thomas be
came connected with the Callfornlan.
which had for its staff a trio of brilliant
journalists— Mark Twain, Bret Harte and
Charles Warren Stoddard— all of whom
have since achieved fame,. The paper sub
sequently failed, and Mr. Thomas entered
with "William M. Hinton into the job print
ing business, in which he gained Ins great
est financial success.
The deceased, who was an author nlm
pelf. sincerely admired literature, especi
ally the productions of the writers of
Krir. His- best known works were de
voted to descriptions of the California
miSFiors. • ;
For a number of years- Mr. Thomas was
secretary of Particular Council. St. Vin
cent de Paul Society. He also belonged
to the Knights of Honor and" to Employ-
Ing Printers' Union No. 21. He leaves a
widow, four daughters and one son, Ed
ward, who is connected with the Hibernia
¦Bank. The daughters are Mrs. M. D.
Clar cf New York, Agnes and
Clara.
P. J. Thomas, While Apparently Enjoying the Best
of Health, Succumbs to Death.
WELL-KNOWN PIONEER PRINTER
IS SUDDENLY CALLED BY DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY ;, : -28, c 1901.
Comrade Shay, who recited in a stirring
manner the story of Dewey's victory In
Manila Bay. • . . ¦ •
CALL READERS
...GET THE...
best Atlas.
Cram's Atlas Is the
best Atlas published.
THE CALL gives all its
readers the privilege of
securing this splendid
reference book for
SI.5O, or* about one
fifth of the regular sub
scription price. The
first carload of these
books will, arrive soon,
and distribution to sub
scribers will begin im
mediately upon arrival.
Civil War Veterans Entertain.
The monthly campflre held by James A.
Garfleld Poet, G. A. R., Tuesday night at
114 O'Farrell street, was the cause of bring
ing, together many men who served with
distinction through the Civil War. The
evening was spent In social chat and the
members of the post entertained each
other with stories of their experi
ences during the bloody struggle between
the North and South. During the evening
addresses were made by Pasr Department
Commanders E. S. Salomon and Sol
Cahen. The campflre was "put out" by
12
OUR GRAND
Spring Opening
INAUGURATED TO-DAY.
LADIES' "WAISTS. CHILDREN'S
DRESSES. PIQUE COATS, CAPES
and JACKETS. HATS and CAPS of
sheerest lawn and organdy. Never be-
fore have ' we offered such exquisite
styles and materials at such tempting
prices. Will mention a few of our spe-
cials: ' ' •
*g*£?3b Women's White
flr^sf Organdy Waists*
Ij. ty , Fronts of all-
• ffffTa :over lace, tucked
— back, bishop, or
/mil§iuW\' ' plaln sleeve; edl
Waists,
l~V'T\^™^ s vSa In a " the pretty
vltt - ¦' ¦ M.ffS' shades;,. -tucked
v. . »£[ front: and 1 back —
Women's White Waists.
Tucked front and back, two Aft
rows -of .insertion; big. spe- \j QQ
ChildrenV White Pique Capes,
Three: rows of : deep .e.m- mj -^rt
broidery, all s1zes^ one of Jhl 'nil
to-day's specials:........... 7** X » W V
Children's Percale Dresses,
With .ruffle over shoulder. 'yTft
trimmod with linen lace, all M^Afi
sizes r to-da j'.; r. .-. :t. .'.-. r.\ . : :.t.'. r 7 T ¦
Chi!d;en's Gingham Dresses.
Lined ""throughout,' trimmed OO
with linen insertion and lace; HoG
all sizes Y 7z V-!
Have Just received from our factory
about 10 dozen of-» th# -very latest
style PERCALE : WRAPPERS; Alined
throughout, flounted, -bottom, 'neatly
trimmed with', torchon -lace, all colors
and sizes: regular. $2 qual-.m^ . 'OC--
Hy; on sale to-day.......... tpl.^O
1212-1214 mArKETST;^
• ¦.>\' Bet. Ta?hr and Jort).' '
. "Mall orders rei?elved.
v.Fcr more than fifty years the famous Jcske
Moore 'whiskey, has been the standard brand of
the. world. • '.' •'-'.' . '
Adversity is often a blessing In disguise.
The ballet, is not a cattle show, yet it
Is, in a sense, an exhibition of calves.
Haiidkerchief s Less
Than Half Price
An Accident Brings Them to Yon.
The prettiest and newest things from Switzerland.
They Avere on the steamship Westernland, where they ;^^^^S^^ JPfe
got damp. The straining "of the plates allowed the hold J
to be flooded. But you'd never know anything had hap- §^^^^!^^^^\. 1^S~^
pened to them now that they are dry if we didn't tell you.
Only the price is hurt: ' ' , \N\
15c Buys 35c Handkerchiefs. Ul
(f A^ How long do you think" the .218 "|§£nj^ S&k /"^£h Ml
i c \ dozen will hold out? Ifyourebnght (r^W^*" ti°p7£\ Jg&m!' - y jZf
y° u ' U flret-'em in dozen and half-dozen , (£^K^^Z^J/j &*^jS$f&jffl
@Sl0m \ 1^&N lots. The prettiest patterns iwill I surely - fl y^
\v§S0g go to-day. Swiss embroidered, . pat- f^^^^^ -
fgi\ These. Butterfly Kites 4c < <i^ v^Z!l§^r<^^^
V^ ¦ j\ They are 19 inches long — children :V : tiz" ''\\\L\\,L^~S^)^'
\^/^S ¦ have lots of fun with them. K^^^y^^J"^^^^^^^^^^
Na?a! Blue mil Box Kites 25c r~7 /SP
In our toy department on the third floor Kok^/SuL^/lf/ /$3/ stt**^ ® /Z?^
Garden sets, consisting of three pieces— f /£&/ J- L^^" ' *. "^^
spade, rake and hoe— , . . JJU&f (mbfJimk dfltTtonfb!9^^^
15 inches long Oo per set i£S=* . -^tfU,,. (£J&G.fu£^^ •
ZSlnches long 15c per. set w—^~~^^
.8 sag SS::::::::::::::gS pi; III Market stre e t tnee r sixth,o PP . edden Ca t e ™.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bailey's
Pneumatic x
WHALEBONE
Road Wagon
SOLD BY...
ftTTTT>RRAKRl?
¦The thirty years' experience . selling
vehicles in California brings results in
largely increased business.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
, Market and Tenth. ; y "v
L. F. WEAVER. Manafter.
BEST LOT
:^ON- ; -r- • - ¦
Pacific Ave.
CHEAP
32:3x127:8,
North Side, Between Stelner and Pierce,
$12,600.
THOS. MAGBE > SONS, | .
C Montgomery Street.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
'drink
Best NATURAL Aiknlinc Water.
fep Hoffmanettes Cp
vli Cigar. KhM
•v-THE H1LSON CO. MaKtrsl N. Y. °
HAU. SADLir. & CO.. Diit.-ftvtsrs.' Sts ftiatiisj.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS,
. •:
What suffering 1 frequently resnlts
from a mother's ignorance ; cr more
f reqtiently from a mothers neglect to
properly instruct her daughter 1
Tradition says "Tvoman must suf-
fer," and yo-juj women are bo taught.
There is -a little t rut u and a great deal
cf ei^g-g-eration in this. If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment, and her mother should see
that she gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a phj-sician for examina-
tion; but no mother need hesitate to
¦write freely about her daughter or
herself to Mrs. Pinkham and secure
the most efficient advice without
charge. Mrs. Pihkham's address is
Lynn, Mats. » •? j~ *
Mrs. August Pfalsgraf, of South
Byron, Wis., mother of the young lady
Whose portrait ttc here publish, •wrote
Mrs. Pinkhcm in January, 1699, saying
her daughter had suffered for two
vears with irregular menstruation —
had headache all the time, and pain in
her side, feet 6well. and was generally
miserable. Mrs. Pinkham promptly
replied with advice, and under date of
March. 189i>, the mother writes a^ain
that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cured *her daughter of all
pains and irregularity. . ¦-..;>
' Nothing in the world equals Mrs
Pinkham's great medicine for regu-
latiiijr woman's peculiar monthly
; troubles.
' is on'r possible when yonr
icA are on the pedals, £nd behind the pedal*
tb« relUble '
MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
Adds one hundrrd prr crrt. to the uWsure of
cjxlicg. bold by all dealers. Booklet fr«e.
It Edlpte Mf l. Co., Mtnt&c'rx, Elnrira, N.V. ft
> For s\le by all dealers In bicycles
and bicycle 'sundries. 4j£KSI *
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
EVERY ARTICLE GUARANTEED '
PURE AND FULL. 'WEIGHT. THE
BEST GOODS MONEY CAN BUT.
Salmon Bellies, 3 fox* S5o
Extra fancy red salmon bellies.
Regularly 13c each.
Shrimps, 1-Ib can 10c
Very delicious for salads
and mayonnaise. Ready for da tablt
Regularly 13c
Black Figs, lb 5c
Choice California fclack figs.
Regularly 3 lbs for 2Sc.
Oranges, dozen 25c
Fancy Navel Oraages. I* '•"_,'.
Regularly Xc.
Yellowstone Whiskey,
Fullqt. bot $1.00; gallon. .$4.00
An old established and
reliable brand. •»
Regularly » S3 and J* 00.
Stuffed Olives, bot 80c
OIIvm stuffed with anchovies;
very delicious. Kegular'.y Joe.
Port and Sherry, bot 25c
Gallon fl.oo
Cholc" old native wines.
Regularly 40c and $1 10.
Shelled Almonds, I.b 30c
California shelled Alm'cnds. It
Regularly 35c.
Holland Herrings. 6 fo*» 2Sc
A very fancy lot ct new Holland
Herrings, all milts. Regularly 6c each.
Cigaro, 4 * La Reputacion ••
Rothschilds. 4 for ...... 25o
Box of 5O...r..$3.OO
Genuine Key West cigars, made from
choice Havana tobacco.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITEIX
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
Telephone— Main S5S3.
'/ _
gg|j|i \ . l
LADIES' 'WRITING
DESKS and CHAIRS.
We show two very highly ornamental
pieces, samples of our larga and splen-
did stock of desks and chairs In golden
oak. Chairs are upholstered In velour.
in all colors and are made of solid
1 quarter-sawed' oak. Thesa new de-
. signs shown nowhere else In- San Fran-
c Tl1E J. NOONAN
, FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.
• 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Afcove 6th. San Francisco.
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for 50 cents. ¦-. ..-' ¦¦•¦
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for $1.00
and •UJSO.- - . - U
Guaranteed correct and test quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory <m
premises. Q»ck repairing. Phone. Jtfa'a IX ;
nDTin&M^^% tSiPHIC APPARATUS ° ,
_ PHOTON 5ci£NTIfIC
d4Z Market 5t. instruments
¦ u*Br» CMP<v*iei.t Bun.?iwr< CatAIPPU? FpcC- "¦
SiO^fe RUPTURE CURED
F<&Mali^&£&* '«• TES DOLLARS.
-^^j&vjfl+^r^'"'' Thousand* h-w *>"* m - r *
¦iSfiaffis^iSSLSx^"* at their on-nhonv* for this
K-JS^^^feTi^xjr**^ ainAlt pru*. »:r»ate»t In-'
V-. . • <~ ' - i - - V Te:Uioncf the Ace. .*ecnr-
••¦X^-vJ--()i£ ; i?'i€^ liT3:idc3tnrort to tie rui*-
piiilSgi O feo^^^«e;-
'TN.: . . \i> ' '* < ~'3»^y* tit* wort. Inrestiijale!
"IheUnU 1- (rlTtnsc full tr.formsti™ •""J;"'-. 1 ?^!** 1 ;,
»Ujlvon rermpt Cr. ,t;u»pan<tthis»i(1v«. <*•'"'***""*;
¦K AG15TI3 TR'JSS CO.'' •«» *»-- krt *'"•'• *** f 8ASCISC5.
.DR.MQNULTT&."
I nMris.vr.tx-rc^o'arN axdrkliaule old
! I Sp<N:fcUI*t<wcj»B:noo l*ninon.<;onorTliean,f;ie*;,
I Stricture. H:'niliutIN\*< k *~nesc«.Imp«>t<"nc'* < »iKl their
• .allied Disorders. Itoolc on I>Ue-.i««** of Men. tr^n.
I Ov*rC0.rear«>xper'«'i><v\'r< > rin*r*:w!Wt>ie. Hour*.
OtoMaiiYtfctttniaWj:^ Sisnd»r*,|Oto li C.>n.~.uN
tatlonfreeaudsncreiily'xmlldPnllal.Call oradilresi ¦
p. Koscon yjttXEisrv. m. d. - •
2GJi" Kenrny Ht.. Ban fc'ranrlffea, C?l-
("Jlirr* nfl\i1I Werner Fourth and
l.Urr nlllUl ™* Vp'ec1al F UrIw^
Uni L IIUinL- Steam and Laser.
| ... tc. Overcoats and
[ valises checiteU ire*