this new American Duchess Is very pretty.
In the Eunlight? Well— rather pretty. But
that's a guess at best, for though It was
*>nly 4 o'clock in the afternoon the blinds
f"*>re drawn and the fire and a soft shaded
ifi^p or two did duty for Illumination.
This young woman, whose portrait ; will
coon bo hues beside those of the famous
Russian Spies in America.
The Russian secret police are probably
the most skillful ln the world; they need
to be.
In the days of Napoleon III the police
of France had that reputation. They
haven't It now— for the best of reasons.
Ah Emperor needs skillful spies In all the
world— a republic doesn't. . •
Russia has had Its lessons In the death,
of the late Czar and in the many attempts
made \ipon the present ruler. So the chief
of political police keeps agents in every
great city In the world. . New York, whera
bo many Russian nihilists have found
refuge: San • Francisco and Chicago aro
especially, favored In this way. Escaped
convicts from Siberia sometimes drift to
the Pacific "Coast, while Chicago is
watched on general principles. New York,
however. Is getting to be more and more,
the. chief object of the solicitous atten
tions of pie Czar's people.
The spies who keep tab on nihilists In
America always claim to be nihilists
themselves, exiled for their political view9
or escaped suspects. It is their plan to
secure admittance to some of the many
nihilist circles here and keep the police In
formed of what goes on.
So long as the nihilists confine them
selves ¦ to, epeecnmaklnc - nothing Is don»
about It. But if one of them should start
for St. Petersburg with such a mission as
that which took Bresal from Paterson the
home authorities would be, warned and
¦tand ready .to receive him after certain
well-known precedents.
climate may bo bad for it, but it won't
kill it. It's bred In the bone.
"Cards for .' your Grace," and the bell
bo*v shoves. In a trayful. The Duke re
gards them with an amused smile. He
gathers up a handful and Impressively
reads the names of a dozen reporters rep
resenting every paper. in town- from the
bjg dailies to the weeklies. • . '
> Her Grace comes to the rescue. "Here,
buttons," she says, "tell them that we're
out; tell them that we've gone to Europe;
tell them anything, but don't let them upj
"The Duke is so eof t-hearted ' to the
press," she explains.
"Well. I've been there myself." replies
the Duke. "I s'pose you know I wrote
for one of the New York papers last year.
I used to curse upstairs and down cellar
if I sent a man out on a story and he
came back without It. '.?'*',.'&
"I like to treat a reporter like a white
man. Some of them, instead of appreciat
ing It, dub me 'dead easy* and write me
down." '.>.;./;: : '>-C:-,'
f \ r - , '
"Do you like newspaper work?" inter
rupts her Grace. "My aunt. Miss Evans,
nas written, a great deal for the press."
There isn't a iinge of ostentation about
this ducal pair nor the taint of cheap
pride. The Duchess Is even careful to put
on the brakes when describing Tanderagee
Castle, her husband's ancestral home.
"Perhaps I oughtn't to go into ecstacies
over our own home," she says, ''but it's
really Just the most beautiful place I
have ever seen. .We arrived there'ln tne
evening, and the castle and the grounds
En*e^«erVaji^^
were brilliantly Illuminated; and the^ten
ants, about 3500 of them, .turned 'out; to
give U3 a; rousing welcome. " '•
• "* twa i s a strange feeling" far." &n : Ameri
can girl- I- was overcome at'.thenbought
of. What ray^advejit might' mean-, to- tbosV
people, V I 'hope to' do, everything
my. power* for. them." • . ',.-.- > •«;. ,
The Duke patted her hand l approvingly;
and; the Lord'^ smiled- his- satisfaction*-- - -
"Oh," j continued • the ) DuchMs :^as"» en->;,
/ thuslaatlcally. is^an^Ajmericahyicji'oolglri^:
"I; wish Veu.. 'could )TeeftheYtaatle.T-*Andi
most beautiful room .In It'IsjftoJbe my 1
vown^ f . It £hagi always J: been^caljed,;.: 1 the •
." Duchess' i boudoir and r. has • they'd earest ¦;,
'antique oaken bed" with figures* from the'
'chase carved^upon' lt/^JustJinagine. there "'
; is brass " railing all around "it.Taf ter Tthe"*
'• old fashion of ¦ a King's. ? There is • nothingl:
somber about; the. room .for much 'of the
.'furniture.-;is'ln>.whlte] and -gold, and the
: windows^ are in 'blue I silk .and
white] lace.,, There -are sixteen 'of these
windows; in . the frqom. ". with > a lovely view
of the DuehessVwalk and the gardens."
; V 'JTheT} Duchess/ ; walk,"' explained •; the
Duke£',Ms^aidellghtfuf-walk fifteen, feet
wide* bordered > by "a hedge and gay .with
.flowers. I The ladles of our house make it
"Look at the way we've been pestered.
Don't you suppose I know that the bigger
and better part of the American publio
—the part, that has made this country
wtfat It Is— don't give a rap for me or my
doings? Then why «Jo the pa'pers thrust
it afthem. I confess I can't under
stand it. - .
"Here Is a sample of the way some re
porters do things. We were crossing tha
border Into California, when Just at th«
screech of dawn some one Jabbed at my
curtains and handed nw a telegram. 'I
am on my way to greet you In the name
of the press of California' it read. -Will
meet you at Mohawk.'
# V ri !,^ eet you ln H&iea ««v i «*ia
and rolled over to sleep
"But at 4 a. m._a. m.. m, a<3 you-eooe
one pulled at the curtains again. ¦
". 'Did you get that telegram I sent your
asked a voice. ' r
"I knew I was up against it, so I half
read the stuff, scratched out some of ic
and signed just to get rid of him."
-Well -what do. you want- I grunted.
I d like to interview your Grace ' an
swered the wideawake reporter. 'But «
rau don't care about t*lkln« Just sign
this, and the thoughtful young man
pulled out a long manuscript and handed
me a fountain pen.
The sound of approaching footsteps ar
rests the laughter. "Tlie doctor!" says
the Duchess. "Oh. 'dear! And he told
me not ta talk. Don't let him see me
Gracie."
And like two children who had been
caught at the Jam his Grace the Duka
of Manchester and Helena, Duchess of
Manchester,- fled the room.
«. custom to take their morning; walk
along this charming path."
' Tea was now brought in, and the Duch
••.".essi-wlth a pretty air of languor, born of
her lhuisposltlon, presided.
;l "Politics?" repeats her Grace, in answer
, to a question. "Well, perhaps I may
take an Interest in politics. But I've never
hRd a chance yet to test my likes or dis
likes In that line. Here, TVIllle-boy," and
she praciously hands her lord a cup of
t<?a a la Russian (in fact, the tea Is mere
. ly incidental).
"Don't - call me •"Willie/ " pleads' the
Duke, *'lfs worse than Grade. Billy, or
even Bill, if you like."
The Duchess* makes a laughing little
. raoue at him, and some one starts the ball
rolling over the links. They are all In
tensely Interested in «*olf, though the
;Duke confesses to being a "duffer" at the
.' V game. _,, "But: her Grace is the real thing
'',?atv.;it,".v he says, proudly, if rather
»slangily. '. '<• .
• .''.'But -he's not a. 'duffer* at all sports."
•put in the Duchess with pretty wifely de
fense.
' i '/Well, I've done a lot of shooting." says
• the Duke. "There Is bully shooting at
Tanderagee. I'm very keen- about boat
ing, too, I rowed In the Trinity crew
when' I was a- first year man, and we
moved up three places In the river. I
belong to the Leander Boat Club of Lon
don, to which only. those are eligible who
have rowed three winning races, either In
single sculls, doubles or In a crew."
"Stand up and show" your muscle," says
Lord Lambert, and with all the airs and
graces of the spieler for the strong man
his Lordship feels his Grace's muscle.
¦ "Two hundred and eight pounds and hard
as rocks." Is his final tribute to the
Duke's brawn.
Save for a rather pasty skin, the Duke
Is a fine specimen of young manhood; aa
little like the pictured puny Duke of the
pen - as can be I imagined. He has ' the
basso prof undo voice of the Englishman,
but none of the cockneyism of the cad.
He. has annexed no : small amount of
American slang to his English. Above all
the Duke has an easy, informal manner.,
and If there Is any ego in his makeup It
Is not aggressively apparent* !¦'•. '
A request that the Duchess allow herself
to be photographed brings a storm of pro
tests. "I. loathe it." eays the Duchess.
"I; sat in New York twice, and I made up
my mind, positively. never, to do It again."
No, no, no; they hadn't any photographs
w(th them.. "Hontstly/'Baid the Duke,
"we're -not Just* saying, this; we really
one." If we had we'd give "
"No, we wouldn't," says her Grace, and
kriits her brows in open disapproval.
*I had one-, of her. Grace, but I, tore it
up," confesses Lord, Lambert, "Just so I
couldn't be tempted into giving it' to the
papers' They've made such a mess of her
photographs.". -,,"
"Do you know."* «ays 4 the Duke, "the
greatest thin* In: this. country Is the press?
Talk about the sleuths on the police force.
Why, In New Orleans the reporters pave
us news '{of matters .which we ''received
hours afterward in sealaT telegrams.' it's
very enterprising and* all that," but It de
stroys all privacy! of life.
beauties of the house of Montague, need
fear nothing by comparison. She has not
the faultily faultless beauty of the poet.
Her mouth and nose are Just Irregular
enough to be piquant. Her large gray
eyes are rarely beautiful, with' an expres
sion half laughing, half wistful, that is
very captivating.
Her hair is of that indefinable chads
which is neither brown nor gold nor red,
but a mixture of all three— a combination
which usually produces a "sandy" result,
but in this case has achieved the "French
blonde." . . , ¦'
Her complexion is good, though over the'
pink and white of her cheeks there is a
sprinkling of "sun kisses" that proves her
love of outdoor life. Where the sleeve
falls away from the wrist there Is a hint
of- an arm white and beautifully rounded.}
She is neither "divinely tall" nor yet'
"divinely slender." Just a healthy, fresh-'
colored girl, who even when she has *
sere throat can be gay.
Lord Lambert attempted a funny story'
apropos of nothing. But it served the pur
pose of making the Duchess smile. "His
Grace tries to discount it with a funnier
one.
The Duchess forgets her sore throat.
"How you English can punish a good
Etoryl" she lauuhs.
. Her Grace the Duchess of Manchester
has an American sense of humor. Londoa
* If^ 17^ away:" said the Duke of Man
\r^ Chester. "Ask me any questions you
li like."
"Ask hfsi how much he lost
• t — -" interrupted Lord Lambert, sig
r.ificar.tly. A quick remonstrance from his
Grace, followed by a gale of laughter,
that swept all restraint before It
His Grace the Duke of Manchester.
Lor3 of Tanderagee. etc.. does not meet
you half-way. If you have the open
*esame he is frankly cordial and charm
- !:iply Informal. "Awfully uncomfortable
Ci.air. that." he says, pointing disdahi-
Jully at the Palace Hotel's best. "Come.
try this one; the 'Lamb* won't bite."
Lord Lambert takes careful aim at the
Duke and fires a center 'shot. Five min
utes of this merry verbal battledore and
ehuttleoock. then a request to see the
Duchess of Manchester creates a pudden .
lull. The Duke considers. The Lord looks
a protest with his eyes.
"Say, honestly." says the Duke, "she
hates this sort of thir.p. ' Besides she's not
feeling well, poor little girl! You'il excuse
her, won't you?"
For answer there Is the frou-frou of
silken ruffles and a plaintive voice comes
floating in, "Gracie, where are you? The
horrid doctor says ray throat is very bad.
but I'm polr.g to dress for dinner any
viy." The speaker is dangerously n^ar
the door. His Grace and his Lordship
inake a dive for it.
Too late! The portieres part Enter her
Grace. Helena. Duchess of Manchester.
The Duchess look? s\irprise\; the Lord
Is evidently annoyed; the Duke does the
act, and does it gracefully. It smooths
the little pucker in her Grace's brow .and
eciFsor? her "another reporter" in two.
The Duchess of .Manchester sinks into
an armchair. Her pink satin negligee
trails in shimmering folds, revealing a
petticoat of cream lace, under which feet
like little pink mice peep In and out. This
Ancle-American Duchess. despite her
Teutonic papa, has a Spanish Instep.
Her Grace has two feverish Fpots of
pink burring on either cheek. Her volc«
is sweet and I0T7, but it Is evidently with
fllfflcajty that the notes issue from her
erarlet, poatjng? mouth, "My throat burts
eo." and she raises a slim, jeweled band
to her white throat. « •
Lord Lambert closes a window and ad-
Justs a IV.ir.d.
The Duke of Manchester stirs the fire.
His Lordship wheels up a chair and in
eifts on her Grace taking it.
The Duke brings a footstool and ar
ranges the Colds of her gown.
The maid fetches a wrap and pjaces it
on her shoulders. ¦
The valet rushes for a firescreen.
Her Grace accepts It all with, the air
Of^weHl not so much that .of a Duchess
as of any pirl with a very sore throat who
warts to be petted. For when one's
throat is raw and rasped ducal coronets
. don't count.
In the sort, fitful slow of . the firelight
THE DUKE AND
DUCHESS OF
MANCHESTER
AS THEY AREcat rwocn'zoilt l»«'m v /an(j I^Vhat'^ -what/ T-'
ran'l get ovrr! \^ei«r<»n».'^a ! ikl;ig r about :,it\f\'
"oiils of hunaifijiejn;.-! jhr$S)}g lntoAh.?*"
'loilic-^ of aramaT^VvfifTii'ThVT^it wok^.'and"*
jumped up Ii^m' tji/>:ntnn'3 lajiaii'd jookVi!
him straight In; f-ft..- oyes...' He 'stroked hor
r-a'k and I O;prl licr ' -Jerry nnd sh«,
mcowe.i htkI phntfed t/y cve'fy artltin that
Bhe rccopiilzc^ h\\ii.' •¦ ; nj<;.squl ol his dp;id
schooluial'-. l:.iil jiiasL-'err.inVo tlir-^eat, and
I'll bet a tirmi^n^'r.f'Vonc ithiid." •:'.
"And Hie!' ide.u st,rt!fk .you." 4 said : Mrs.
Bowser i»s u fa tii t Kn!il«v api>eare»l iin h» i r
fu< e. "U:;tt tlie kkiII of- some, of your- ol.l
c-hun-.s michf luiye passed Into the body
of our own thi?. 1 ] yet- what'ynuaro get
tinc at. (,;<j .-i.l'.eiid ami- experiment^. ln:l
;ilca.««; excuse mt\ I'.ve sot to 'fiin.lri -nnrl
see Mrs. Hrov.'iv f<>r a few minute?/ You
can &\\ mo all about. it when 1 get. Imck,":
"•You — ymi don't think It's foolish?" ask-'
c«l Mr. Bowser in :i shame-faced way. . '¦", '
"Oh. no] If iKp tat^, happens to . repre*'
pent some <Iear <j1u friend of yours, it'.' will
be awfully nict-.i Ydu can, ,get . lots of
pointer? on tr:in?migratipn; as' well; as
c&tchihcrfrnice and yeowling ardiind on
back fences.. Tell me all. abou'tnt- when l'
get back." . • ...^0- .'.-'.^ -.';;.
When she had departed Mr.' Bow-ser 1
coaxed the* cat to jump, up intq^a. chair."
nnd h^ sat down in- another and 'looked
hor straight in tlie eyes. ¦' He 'was seek
ing for a recollection: .The. cat/half
closed her eyes and purred, '. and -:for -, a.
ininute he could not '• be sure- whether i he
had ever met her. soul before In any^ot-her,
Kiilsc or. not! ; : Then, as she *h,er
eyea until they seemed to be 'as big 'as tea'
saucers and' drew one down, in' a.' sort of
wink, a sudden' flood o£* memory, 'ewept
over him. The soul'.of a red-hea.ded'boy
who used to live next door, to "him- when
it.'. U
c{ifT^hlijj 'arotuid »/i<i*<rall him' nil sortW: ot"''
n'4B?^^ It ji?l{ i.4tSno J*vfi^fij ah • Infant'
l^^V^h'p ¦'l)ac!^;^(»Xtho> / Vat asv'w.ell f
ns.^to llr_:'.lUjyuiccr. aliri «bc ifcave 'h j-pow! .'•"
>ind h ?p'»t{»"<l:*rnadcfqra e'afe asylum' on '
thf/to;) fio^j-.;'?; :' • '.' V' '. , " ' ¦ " ¦' - - . ¦
.s^H.v .'.tlniml^f .".-'but 'l'Ve' slriifk, it'i" , wills- ;
perr»V-Mr.; 1 'Jiuw^er- as- he % : walked fkrouud, :
v.'^hj?an'awestr^krwok oik. Ws face. "Ve«, ,
»if,?/thV;/p/H!|>of. 1 }haV youni; Ttm Sulltvan V
pas'rtdjr.to our old c'.-k and I'll give her" a *
Wiilloplnji" to-morrow to- get ev(n! I've ..
K<)t the (loctsinc <1<i>vii ,>at, nnd Mrs./JJow
ser can't t-ay 'awoj^l.' •»• . ' c? . .'
I?" was ' trernblins in hix excltPni^nt
wht-n the 'cook t-utne up aiid j said, there
was a tramp at the, rJuor who wanted <\
jnlc!:el. ' -f '':.,'
: ~;Brlng hlm/right iir."":a!d Mr. Bowser.
'''ti'fi n chance tu try the other end of t!i<?
¦d!|eirlnc. Who knows but that* the r»q»lt;
, Sliakegpeare -or Milton .-is wandering
.'about' behind tlie Jack»:t of this tramp!"
i The^ Vramp'.camo v.n. He said if it
li|dirt'bccii for the Chicago lire, (he yel
low fever,' the Spanish war and the •blow
¦iiif? .up of -the'Maine he'd never- been
pbjfged.to a?k for public charity, and Mr. •"
Howler kindly replied: '; • .¦ . : .'; . • /'
. "That's all rlpht. my friend. I'm Koi::cr •
to give you a quarter, bn^ I'm going to
a?k you if you have never toll that you
-.v^ere '.'some. one. else?", > T''sji-.ii .
•"I*Havei"-saId,the-piiin: . "Ye-s, sir, ther«
have'beek times when ;•!. felt .that I- 'lisftl
. to' be Napoleon or'tiei'irg'e 1 Washington."
:"Ey 'James..' but wnat a ¦ .coineidonce—
what corroboratlonl"- whispered Mr.^Bow
ser. 1 - ".You— you have heard- of transmi- .
¦^Tation?" '¦ »;: • ¦. • • r . '
*¦."!' have, and I believe' that the «*-ul of
X-rays have been subjected to a mm]
purpose In Calcutta. A thief, wu aopposad
to have stolen a . diamond worth. 10.000
rupees and to have effectually secreted, it
on his person by swallowing It. , Expert
thieves in India temporarily secreta. small
valuables of this description, in th» throat.
It K called "pouching," and th«' thieve*
undergo special training In order to ren
der them proficient in. th,« art. The. plan
is simple. A small piece of lead Is at
tached tn a thread, and this the neo
phyte nraUows, then by the action o* hi*
tmiKim he {ru'des the lead to th» oriflc* ot
the »•• •* *t>o, throat.
«ome great man was reborn at my birth.
I've got the feelln'sr and tnn't get rid of ft.
I often find myself thinking what, I be
liqve. Napoleon used to think."
"By James — by James! I only wish Mr".
* bowser was hrre to hear you talk. Bho
thinks I'm a fool about transmigration.
>»ut here In llvins. nreathtngr evidence.
I Tcs, you may be carrying the *oul of Na
> poleon about. Come to look at you more
I closely. I'm sure'l see :i marked" —
Mr. Bow«er stopped there. The tramp
| clutched him by the throat and laid him
.< en the floor and compressed his windpipe
j till he was black in the face. It was <lon«»
§ neatly and quietly and when the stranger
I passed out by the front door he carrlcl
H Wr. Bowser's cold "watch and s«r>are- dol-
M lars. He had transmigrated himself a
¦\ mile away when Mrs. Bowser entered the
• hou«>o to find Mr. ¦ Bowsor slttinff up
> l against the wall with a. wild look In ht3
eyes and the cat sitting near by.
".'Well, what'3 happened now?" sho
a«ked. ' ¦ •
He pointed to the tat.
"Tes. you found an oM frlenfl. bat thm
cat <II<!n"t tear your cecktte and collar off
and leave marks on vour throat."
H* pointed toward the front daor.
"I see. You have had some ons la from
the street to practice on, and the soul, of
Captain Kldd Jumped on you. Well. I
?ues3 your soul had better transml«ra.t»
up to bed and turn into a hair xnattrest
while I get a rag and soma liniment for
your throat."
«7 ni B-lBO'SVREB had come hnme tc
,./w\\ dinr.fr lokinu thougbtfuL ami
ii J>\ rti;rin^ r th<? m«'a! had seerred pre
occujiicd. :im<1 t'mugh Mrs. Bow
fer -was fjrc 5h.-it there was something on
his icsind, s!i<- waited until he was ready
t-> sta'.c.his cju»c By anil f>y he said:
"i drn't know thiit ! ever mentioned th<»
frrci "to you t'jat I have tilways been a
f.rni b( iiever in the doctrine of transmi
gration, hut such is the ca*<*, and there
was a man hi the ofHre this afternoon
who -prcatly sirengthTied ray belief.
SornetJiinp tru!y wonderful o--i-urrt-d."
"Df-ar nif. 'but have you broken out
utairi?" sighed Mrs. Bowper as she looked
up
•That's right: Piteh right into me be
fore you have h<-nrd a word about It!"
; be exclaimed «s he flushed up. "Why
ca_n't you give me B fair showr? I never
f'i dr-wn on yru th<- minute you open
jour motith to tell me something."
"But the J doctri:;e cif transmigration is
rn doctrine at a)l." she protested. "It's
rniy a theory, and I never knew a sensi
ble person who believed in it."
"Then if i believe in it. and I .do. I must
he a fool! Very well; we'll say no mcra
abnutit."
"Tnu said something" truly wonderful oc-
Currort. l^et's see how wonderful it was.
Perhaps you can convert me to your be
lief."
"111. tell you what happened,'* said Mr.
J*owser after chewing the rag for a min
ute. "This gct:tlcm in. who has given the
<jrx-trine of tran&mtxraiion over twenty
j*v;rs of tJjoueln iuri siudy. recognized
In our office cat a Fchoolbby friend of his
v.ho <J;i>d thirty years :ixn."
"Whnt boshy nons<»nse.'" exol.iimed Mrs.
Bowser.
"Yea. I Kn»-w- you nould say that, and
rronably o;it»T? vou».J say the same, but
Lhat'c cxai.tly what !iapnoned. and if
you'4 bo**n there >«hj'o liave felt a cbUl
p.. oveiVru. \jbt&y\ but it was a dramatic:
Beetle' I ean't got over iL"
"j>5. jt must have been dramatic! 1
euppose the < at aim* rrcosnized him?"
•"i>he did— cbe did:" li^ whi?nere<1 as li<» .
came closer to her. "Ks, by George, t.Le
Copyright. lSOt by C. B. L*>.w1s.
MR. BROWSER'S TRIBULATIONS.
HIS THEORY OF TRANSMIGRATION
GETS HIM INTO TROUBLE.
... • . •• . r -
TH& SUNDAY CALL. V
J. Wayne Amos, Who Is a Living
Image of Abraham Lincoln .
SOUTHnrtN" CALIFORNIA boasts a
lHirg image of Abraham Lincoln.
V.'hilo the "Savior of his country"
6le*?ps peacefully where the- cares
of Ftate do not worry antl the dastardly
aF5a?-5in raises not his cowardly hand, his
memory is krpt ever fresh in the public
mind in the southland because of; the
wonderful resemblance which ' another
bears. . . . ' .•- .
The name of the man who, had he been
then as he If now, couM' wifH ease 'have
posed successfully as the chief executive
of the nation is J. Wayne Amos,' al»d he
lives Jn San Bernardino. By people who
vere familiar with the face and Jigure of
The martyred President Mr. Amos is said
to resemble him r-o closely that it Is hardly
possible to believe that no ties of con
tangruinity are responsible for it.
" As was the jurat Lincoln. Mr. Amos is
very tall, his shoulders slightly stooping,
his eyes keen and his features kindly but
firm. And he is ever so homely. That -was
the pride of Uncoln, and Mr. Amos feels
the. same way about it. : . .
It is not only Ju -outward i appearance
that Mr. Amos is .like the emancipator of
the .negro. There is much in his make
up that is the same. He Is- ah inveterate
story-teller, full of common-sense philos
ophy and dry humor, fond of a practical
joke and the embodiment of good nature
under almost any conditions. He Is not
awkward in his speech or manner, yet he
seems to convey the impression rihat he
Is double-jointed In spots, and his great
length of nether limb almost irresistibly
recalls the story of Lincoln's inability to
lie at. full length in a steamer berth, and
his solemn suggestion to .the ship's car
penter, woo came in to cut out the parti
tions, that he saw part of his less oft in-
FteaaL Mr. Amos would be capable of Just
curh funny suggestions under similar cir
cumstances.
8iranc« to relate, during Lincoln's ad
ministration Mr. Araos was a Govern
ment employe In the Treasury Depart
ment at Washington, lie is a native of
Baltimore, was brought up inrOhin and «
lived, in Kansas. for many year$.. ; In tes
latter State his farmer friends sent him •
to the "I^og-iFiat ufe, -vvlieif.il* served his
constituents well and faithfully: . He ta i.'a,
man of education, virtually self-made, U
and has had an interesting- career.' He is '*'
now C3 j;ears old.and the v photograph here- «~
with reproduced Is an excellent likeness, |
though hla beard is fuller oh the \ sides
now. Mr. Amos Is writing a history of
San Bernardino County.
One of the odd features about Mr. !
Amos* resemblance to Lincoln is the fact i
that It has become .apparent within .the . .'
past decaude and is more marked every j
year, if 'such a thin'p be. possible.. Prior -.
to ten years a?o nobody paw a peculiarity .'
in -either his countenance or carriage,' but ,""
when the likeness bosr'ui to appear it came '
rapidly. Now. he Is , familiarly called •
"l.'ncle Abo" and. whenever thej-e is, a. 4
public meeting of a-politieal,.or patriotic
nature, and Amos Is witliia 'reach, he is'
Introduced, always amid a whirlwind 'of '
applause that almost '"raises- the > roof," ¦•
so to. speak. Thin .hearty^ greeting' 1 i»> '
probably partly . in honor of the^dead ,
President, whom Jiu "brings so forcibly to
mmd, and' partly because he Is a s^fehaid
talker, frank and'pomted. and tho people '
like him for himself. . >\ -- *¦ ¦> ¦' ¦
In a Grand Army, meetingSJlr. Amos. la *i.
always suri.to make. the hit ofth« day.
The oia veterans .are . almost >. willing? ; tc |
forget who he Is— and In their enthusiasm,
some of them actually ilo— and taKe" him
as. their great chieftain 'of the bloody* war '
days, returned to life to guldo them ,-ipaln j •
In the hercjilean task of Raving the Union.
As a citizen Mr. Amos holds a high place !
in the estimation of all his neighbors-and* i
those who come-In contact with' him. -.By
those who know him best he is looked
upon as entirely worthy of the great and''
strange compliment which nature -has '
chosen to bestow upon him in- tjie way ¦•-/•
of such distinctive homeliness— hohYell-" -
ness rnat, th*. sam,e as beauty. Is .only *
skin deep, and represented so much in the
beloved man after whom he seems to hava
been patterned.
Certificates of death are not documents
where one usually soaks for humor, but
there Is frequently to be found in them
much of . the .unconscious variety. Here,
for* instance, is^ how the cause of death
Is stated in the. case of a laborer: "Died
from injuries received through a bull us
cidentally • kneeling -on his chest." The
consideration shown for the feelings of
the; bull is a fine touch, and suggests
grave questions on the moral responsibil
ity, of the lower animals. Again, a man
is stated to have "died from the effec.s
of injuries received after being run over
by a railway train in motion, owing to a
misunderstanding between the deceased
arid an engine driver." This description
of <a rather ordinary railway casualty 13
excellent.
\*W / II0EVER thinks the male the su
vC^V/ porinr ;inlmal finds no rest for the
ua sole of his foot In the- contempla
tion of what we. in (he sublimity
cf oi:r self-poncett, call the "lower ani
mals." In our peneral Ignorance of th»
housefly we do not know Jus* how foolish
and no-account the male is. but we may
reasonably infer that he Is as markedly
deOrient as I'sual, seeing that hi* eyes are
so close .toother that they touch each
other. That's always* a had sign. *If you
see anybody with eyes clow together you
are entitled to think little of hl3 intelli
gence. • ••¦ • ••-• ?
The fly has two sorts of eyes. the. bis
compound one, 400O in a bunch- on each
side, of the head, for knocking about In
daylight, and three simple eyes On the top
cf the head for use In a poor light, sewipg
and fine print. Before going Into ecstaclea
of admiration over the creature that has
4000 eyes on each side of Its head. It might
be well to'remember that they are not of
much account. In case of old flies kept
over winter the compound eyes' cave In
and get broken, yet the fly seems to get
along and find food. One kind gentleman
varnished over the »lmj>le eyes and
plucked off the wings of some flies. lie
found that he might hold a candle close
enough to burn the compound eyes of the
fly hefore it had a suspicion that anything
out of the common. was going on.. In day
light he took a knitting needle and
brought it up In front. of the fly clos«
enough to touch Its antennae before tt
dodged. If the knitting needle was
brought up on one side. Mr. Fly picked up
his sticking' plasters quit » lively.—Aina
lee's Magazine.
The MANY EYES
THAT A
SMALL FLY HAS
|7 F you consult the usually accepted au
thorities on the speed; of .birds rn'the;r-
V, flight you .are. llkelv 'to *be" mTslcd i>yi
i * ; an exaggeration of f rom' lop to 300 per
cent. This is because - figures have -been
given on hearsay, -*aopearance arid,, very
superficial ' '¦observation.' : - But-. •-; recently
American,^ English and French' observers
have beerv comparing notes and are prac
tically' agreed, after most careful caltula-*
tlon. on the s'peod of the" best known bird?.'
"'",TJiey started with the carrier' "pjgeon and
have made him a baie of , comparison. He
has heretofore been; credited" with 1 " one
hundred and: ten' milejr an .hour, 1 but 'it 1*
how, agreed ' that he is entitled ; to Tlf ty. A
.quite recent'i6nff"dlstance,"^careJfuily'jcon
ducted .testJ.otiflveyhuKdred.andninetr-'
two ¦..miles/; from, tbe? Shetland' Islaiids to
>l<ondon;'r showed : 4 thatV5the v . most '- rapldi
pigeon's i ; made • thlrty'-seyen •'miles: an . hour;
On shorter distances hone tnad'a; more: than
. fifty < miles.- /;¦;-•: . ¦•.:.'_ '_ -,v .-, \ '¦¦'. ' ' .
¦ ;', Because • frigate '; birds . have.; been !• seenf
from? land and have been supposed not
.to fly "by night or~to res.t~on the "water.'
they^haye. been, qj^UItuU with. a 1 : speed of
fr,om one hundred and fifty to two hun
dred-miles an hour. If- they did ¦ fly :it
.that^speed . they would have ,to overcoma
an atmosphe'ric pressure of from one hun
dred and twelve* to one hundred and thirty,
pounds to the t s,quare. foot of. flying sur
face. Theij is no certainty/ that they fly
more rapldl^ than ; a-pas4engefplBcon 'or
that "they do ' not fly at night* or do not
sleep joh the water. : '"'' ' • '"
The swallow. - that is Indeed a rapid
flyer, has been credited with a hundred
and eighty miles. an hour, but he must be
SPEED OF BIRDS
HAS BEEN
OVERESTIMATED
cut down ta sixty-five mile*, and the raar
¦;ten i i6 five.milea Uchin<J him. though au
thorities have placed him ten ahead.
The teal duck is brought down from a
hundred and forty to fifty miles an hour.
The mallard is five mile's slower a.ml file.-*
the' same as the canvasback. while both
of these are five milej an hour ahead of
the wild' goose and eider duck.
The pheasant makes thirty-eight mile*
an! hour,' which is three miles ahead >•;
the prairie chicken anil quail, though th>
latter appears to fly much falter on -t?
cotfnt of. his temnorarv bursts* of sp>»«.i
that seldom exceed two hundred feet. Ths
crow .flies 'twenty-five miles an hour.
Small birds appear to fly more rapidly
than- the large one* and have deceived
many observer?. The hummins bird 6>o*
not* fly as fast as many awkward appear
lnjr. very much larger, slow flopping bird*
• The most satisfactory tests of spee-!
have been made on extended tracts of
level land, whore timekeepers -with stop
watches stand on lines at given distances
apart and time the snadows of the flying
birds as they pass frcm one- line to an
other.-
2FURS STILL A NEW ENGLAND INDUSTRY
3
WHAT IS FAITN?mRS. FISKE'S art and personality
are topics of the hour. Discussion
Is rife everywhere as to her ge
n!us. and there are no two opin
ions alike on the subject. Probably very
. few people who will see Mrs. Fiske in
"Becky Sharp" and "Tess" recall her first
appearance in Sart Francisco. Old-timers
with long- memories will tell you, how
ever, of the debut here of Mrs. Fiske,
libout twenty years ago.
I Little Minnie Maddern. as she was then
known, was a beautiful and rarely gifted
little, girl, apparently between seven and
eight years of age.
Miss Maddern was a tremendous favor
. Ite with the public and with -the profes
sion as well', and was widely known in
those days as the wonder child. .
? It was during her first engagement here
- that little Minnie was playing with a rag
doll In the wings Just before her cue was
• «poken, and wa» so absorbed in her child
;. lah vpleasure that she positively refused
to. go on; unless she could take her doll
. *ith her.- Fora few- minutes there was a
icene of the utmost consternation, and
'the ; matter:was finally compromised by *
-"promise on the part of. the distracted
' itage manager to give her the finest doll
• ,.v that could ; be purchased in San Fran
cisco. This doll remained in Mrs. Flske's
: .possession for eighteen years, and, was
• £ eold two years ago In a charity bazaar
In New York for' 5125.
..* >- : As a child actress Mrs. Fiske's most
.. ... r.otable achievement was In the great
. production of "King; John" at Booth's
U'heater, New. York. She was- the Prlnca
" Arthur in a cast that included John Mc-
Cullough, Junius - Brutus Booth and Ag
nes Booth. - Before attaining ' her four
teenth year Miss Maddern acted many of
the leading Juvenile parts, and occasion-
WHEN MRS. FISKE WAS KNOWN IN SAN FRANCISCO
AS THE "WONDER CHILD"
ally old women's parts, so remarkable
was her stage adaptability.
Long before she wore long dresses oft
the stage she wore them In the theater,
and It Is an actual fact that she played
the Widow Melnotte in "The Lady of
Lyons" at the ago of 13 and scored an as
tonishing success.
At Ifi Mrs. Flake was a full-fledged
star. Her last appearance in this city as
Minnie Maddern was at th? Alcazar,
twelve years ago, when she was seen in
"Caprice" and "In Spite of All." William
Faversham was her leading man.
. Reviewing Mrs. Flske's artistic career
before the footlights. It Is interesting to
note the several leading men and char
acter actors who have attained prom
inence through, her productions. When
Mrs. Fiskc. as Minnie Maddern. first went
starring her, leading man' was Harold
Forsberg. He was an excellent Robert
Macalre, and played innumerable other,
parts well. But for his alcoholic excesses
he might have reached a high place in
his profession. Forsberg was succeeded
by ..-Henry Miller, who in turn was fol
lowed, by Cj'ril Scott. When Mrs. Fiske
came under Steele Mackaye's manage
ment for her production ot "In Spite of
AH" the two principal male characters
¦were filled by Eben Plympton and Rich
ard Mansfield. 1 Both were featured on
the programme.' and Mrs. Fiske, the star.
was then billed as Miss Maddern. When
the play. was sent on the road the parts
originated by Mansfield and Plympton
¦were taken by old John' Jennings and
"William Faversham, respectively. Geof
frey Stein, who gave promise of develop- 1 *
ing into a really tine actor, was her next
leading man. but he never fulfilled the
promise of his early success. "Feather
brain" was Mrs. Flske's next important
production In New York, nnd her lead
ins; man was Wilton Lacknye.
After a brief retirement from th? stag*
the a«:tre?s reappeared in an adaptation
of Daudet'a "L^. Menteuse." James .
KcOl, who had been with Crane, shared
loads with Frank Mills anJ Albert Gran.
Mills la now in London playing with Mrs.
Patrick Campbell. Gran has gone back
to Norway, his native country. tr» appear
in a blgr Ibsen revival. The following
season Mrs. Fisko put on "Tess" for tho
first time. The two leading roles fell to
Charles Coghlan and E. M. Tell. Cogh
lan went starring and Bell was dropped
from the cast. Frederick dc Bellevl'.la
and Forrest Robinson succeeded them.
Then John Craig, who played opposite
parts to Ada Rehan for several seasons
fct Daly's Theater, was engaged to re
place Forrest Robinson. Tyrone Power,
another graduate of Daly'3 Theater, waa
added to Mrs. Fiskes forces. . He waa
very successful in "Magrta," sharing tri
umphs with the" star through the per
¦ formance of Counselor von Kellar.
f Power ia now in Australia playing Aieo
iVUrbervnie in "Tess." with ,-h!s wife.
Edith Crane. Maurice Barrymore waa
Mrs. FUise's leading man last season.
All of/these actors, from Forsberg to
JCarrymore. have gratefully acknowl
etfsetl^the help and inspiration they have
received through, artistic association with
was that Adam, just new come Into the
world, should know ev«rythlngl "That
must be the poet's fancy." said he, but
when ho was told he was created per
fect by G°d himself he instantly yielded.
"When he was taken to bed last night ho
told his aunt he liked that lady. "What
lady?" says she. "Why, Mrs. Cockburne.
for I think she'3 a .virtuoso like myseir."
"Dear Walter." says aunt, "what is a vir
tuoso?" "Don't ye know? Why. It's one
who wishes and will know everything."
Now, sir. you will think this a very silly
story. Pray, what age do you suppose
this, boy to be? Name it now, before I
tell you. Why, twelve or fourteen? No
such" thing. He Is not quite six years old.
He has a lame lex, for which he was a
year in Bath, and has acquired the per
fect English accent which he has not lost
since he came, and he reads like a Gar
rick.
Books Heceived.
POEMS FOR MEMORIZING— Compiled
by Alice Rose Power. Tha IVnltakar A
ttay Company, San Francisco.
THE ART OF TRANSLATTXO— By
Herbert Cushing Tolman. Benjamin U.
Sanborn & Co., Boston. 70 cents.
A HERO IN HOMESPUN— By William
E. Barton. D. Appleton & Co. New
York. Jl.
AD ASTRA— By Charles "vThltworth
Wynne. John Lane. New York. $1 23.
MRS. CLTDE-By Julien Gordon. D.
Appleton & Co., New York. Jl 50.
BUSINESS LAW— By Thomas Raeburn
White. B.L.. LL.P,. Silver. Burdett &
Co., New York. $1 SO.
A HISTORY OF CHINESE LITERA
TURE—By Herbert A. Giles. M. A..
LL. D. D. Appleton & Co.. Now York.
$150.
SHORT " STORY MASTERPIECES—
First series. Published by Jamleson-Hl'e
glns Company, Chicago. - .
ft N a. long \Ut of ,the "largest editions"
I of new books published In the United
J| States during 1S99-1900. "Wild Animals
I Have Known." by Ernest Seton-
Thompson, is placed among the twelve
most popular. Critics have been unani
mous In their praise of Mr. Thompson's
wonderful animal studies, both as an art
ist and a writer. It is not always that
the public coincides with the reviewers
of books, but In thla case. Judging by the
sales of his best work. It would seem that
the general reader has' been more than
pleased. ' . ¦ • .
Ernest Seton-Thompson was born In the
north "of England August 14, 1S60. of-Scot
tish parents. He waa educated In Eng
land and Canada. It was in 1SS2 that he
had threo years of farm life on the vast
plains, on Asslniboine, where he' lived
with bis brother in a little log shanty.
Hero he laid the foundation for his sub
sequent career. He is a naturalist born
and: bred In the bone, and it only needed
outdoor life and environment to bring out
all his latent talent. In 1SS3 he began his
first writing with some papers on zoology
of Manitoba, which resulted In his being
appointed Government Naturalist for that
province. ' ' ¦
Finally his illustrations attracted tha
notice of the Century people and they en
gaged him to aid in illustrating the Cen
tury Dictionary. After finishing this
work of over 2000 drawings he went to
Paris ¦ to' study art. Within a year he
had a prize-winner In tha Salon and was
In June. 1SD6. he married MI33 Grac© Gal
latin of the well known Galiatln family of
San Francisco. His wife takes an active in
terest in all hi3 work and accompanies
him on his trips. She is now writing and
illustrating on her ovm account along tba
lines followed by her husband, and has
done some work of a very creditable na
ture. Last year Mr. and Mrs. Beton-
Thompson visited the "West to make tha
acqaintance of any grizzlies that mJghc
be running at large and gather material
for future books.
ERNEST SET0N. THOMPS0N.
called ""vVolf" Thompson fpr his •wonder
ful wolf studies. Ho painted Bom* pic
tures for the World'3 Fair which attract
ed considerable attention— especially on»
called "Aw?Jted in Vain." which tells tha
tale of a woodcutter of the Pyrenees, who
Is devoured by wolves within sight oJ hia
home. .
Upon returning to America Mr. Seton-
Thompson went on a hunting expedition
to New Mexico. The result to the literary
world was his story of the old wolf Lobo.
who was lured to his death by hia whJta
mate Blanco. He soon went back to
Paris, feeling the necessity of more study
on the technique of art. He realized the
sore need of animal painters for tioma
work on the anatomy of the different wild
animals, and after four year3 of hard
work h.3 prepared a most valuable work
on this subject, which Is Illustrated with
some fifty lares plates of great interest
to the artist, but not so much to the pass
ing observer. It Is published under th*
title of "Art Anatomy of Animals."
Our teaching of a. forelem tnnitue is apt to
be too mechanical. The student mi»t be made
to feol that the.. language he Is studying is not
•omethins Etrar.Ke and mysterious, but natural
ar.1 Flrrole. Thin he cannot do until he
changes his position and looks at the unfold
ing of the thought from the standpoint of the
original. It. is then, and not till then, that he
really reaches the heart of his J.atln or Greek,
his French or Uennan. It Is then that ho ia
prepared to : enter upon what is as-much nv
*n a* iui «£ Ui» *c ulster, of th* p&lnter. of
Many a student nas spent years in the
Ftudy of a.forftigEUil.aPSuase and ycf ac r
complished practically nothing. ... He not
only fails in acquiring a? speaking famil
iarity with the tongue, but "even in trans
lating; falls over a 'stumbling block. Un
doubtedly ther«? is something wrong with
tho way he studies'. A little- pamphlet has
just been published bv Herbert Cushlns'
Tolman. professor of Oreek in V'anderb'.lt
University, which contains some excellent
matter on this very point. In his preface
he makes a point which is weli taken:
The Art of Translating.
Then begins tho struggle to keep the
power she has gained. Tho climax has
been reached. She is at the zenith of her
glory and l he waning of her power has its
pitiful side and a moral as well. The
gradual slipping away of her old time
prestige comes and has Its ilnale in a
E-oclai insult as to position at .a banquet
given In honor of a Russian grand duke.
Mrs. Clyde rinds that the seat of honor is
not given to herself, but to a young
woman whose stock she has done much
toward bringing up to social par. To a
philosopher this would not have meant
much, nor to the Mrs. Clyde of the old
days in the beginning of her social career
would it have mattered, but now-it meant
the beginning' of the end: ,
Mrs. r-'lilletus was a etatwart warrior
wlToe*. »kin was tanned by lopg exposure,
never«nelr«s to-niufct.- the limit had been
rf&ched of h»r endurance. Probably she was
alrrady ill. and the resentment and pain that
rose to ptille her was but th.^ premonition of
physical overthrow. The bitter tho'iKhti that
v.ell?U within h»r were indescribable. ' She
tried in vain-tq combat thorn; not to fflv« those
cruel women a chance to gloat at her dlscDm
liture. not to be made a subject of their i-a.ll
lery a\-.<i jest, nut by and by lier h»art-bi»ats
Ftenu'd to cms?, she gnspe'l and put out one
hand. In the general gayfty no one observed
U>at fhe awayed from tide to Rid*, until an
exclamation from tho broker, drew the atten
tion of the Rupstan secretary. Between them
they assistrd her to th» drawing-room.
And that was tho social death oZ .Mrs.
Clyde. ; *
There is so much more given by intima
tion rather than actual statement In Lira.
Cruger's book 1 that It Is difficult to give an
adequate impression In limited space. It
Is not a story that will appea? to all read
er?, but where it affects at all.it will do
fo most strongly. It teaches a lesson' that
cannot be misunderstood, yet : it^ fortes
nothing on the reader, lie who seeks for
nothing will find nothing, yet the moral
is there nevertheless. Mrs. Gru«er's style
Is sharp and incisive, her sentences short
and her dialogue excellent. (Published by
U. Appletim & Co., New York. Price
J150.) -' . !
Her first blow comes when the daughter
— who possesses the democratic spirit of
her father— refuses to wed either of the
men her mother has picked out. but
elopes with one of her own choice. This
cuts a terrible gash in the pride of Mrs.
«"lydo and all her ambitions, but she has
at least the satisfaction of surprising the
gossips who come to condole with her, for.
after her first burst of rage, which, by the
¦way. Is not delivered in the presence of the
Fmart set, she accepts the wedding for
th»> best and gives her official blessing.
Having made herself In the social world,
she now puts her fair shoulder to the
wheel to' capture a nobleman for her
daughter's hand. Th« husband dies,
alone, while she Is away on one of her
diplomatic tours of advancement— and a
sad death It is, too, all with its moral for
those who will read.
and social wire pulling Mrs. Clyde obtains
the recognition for -which she> has worked
fo hard. An Invitation to her palon Is
prized above all, and those who at first
had turned up their noses are now seek
ing her favor.
The following anecdote from theillfe of
Walter Scott at the ape of six Is taken
from "Letters and Memoirs of Her Own
Life," by Mrs. Alison Rutherford or
Cockburne:
I last night (November 15. 1777) supped
In Mr. Walter Scott's. He has the most
extraordinary genius of a boy I ever saw.
lie was reading a poem to his mother
when I went . in. I made, hftn read on.
•lt.was the description of- a shipwreck.
Ills' passion ro?e with the storm. He
lifted his eyes and hands. "There's the
mast gone," says he: "crash it goes,
they will all perish." After his agitation
he turns to me. "That is 'too melan
choly," says he. "I had better read you
something more amusing." I preferred a
little chat, nnd asked his opinion of Mil
ton and other books he was reading,
which he gave me. Wonderful indeed one
of his observations was . how strange It
The. 1901 Christian Year ¦ Kalcndar (of
the Kplscopal- church) makes its twenty
fifth annual .appearance in a handsome
white coyer,. printed ihgold and. color. .It
is atcracth'ely arranged and § without
doubt the most, valuable edinon of the
kalentlur yet published, nnd. r as its name
implies, follows the Christian year,-be
ginning with Advent Sunday, December 2.
1900. and having upon each -page churbh
teachings appropriate to the holy day or
season commemorated. ' Among its many,
features are: Tables of lessons,, together
with historical facts, rituals." ceremonies,
vestments, prnaments, seasons, feasts,
fa?ts liturgical colors, ecclesiastical
terms, decorations for the altar and
chancel and various other matters apper
taining, to the, worship of the Episcopal
church,! and not only the clergy, ' but
vestrymen, lay readers, members of altar
societies. Sunday-school teachers and all
ohnrch people will find in the Christian
Year {Calendar an Indispensable guide to
the faith, polity, worship, sacraments and
discipline of the Episcopal church and for
a reverent and intelligent participation In
her services. Its contents are indexed,
thereby enhancing its value as a refer
ence and -greatly facilitating Its use,
(Price 73 ccntr..) .
The Stanley-Taylor Company of San
Francisco has just offered the Initial num
ber of a-' quarterly to be. known, as Th»
Western Printer. It is published in the In
terests of the employer and is filled with
articles of special value to the allied
printing establishments. TTie typograph
ical work and half-tone reproductions of
this publication are noteworthy. It de
serves praise from both a literary and an
artistic standpoint and should receive
hearty appreciation. Published quarterly
at tiO cents a year, or 15 cents per copy.
Oulda's new. book of five, short stories
will be published immediately by the
Macmiilan Company under the title of
"Street Dust and Other Stories." Many
of '. the readers of Mile, de la Ramee's
work think that she is at her best in her
short, stories. The titles of the five stories
which make up this last book of hers are
"Street Dust," whicji Is a story of some
fifty-six pages, .and is followed by "Lot
ta," "The Little Thief," "A Fig Tree"'
and "Gerry's Garden."
- Tho G. W. Dil'i'.ngham Company an
nounce for publication in • February and
.March: "Norman Holt," by General
Charlea King; "The King of Honey Inl
and," by Maurice Thompson; "A Master
of Fortune," by Cutcliff Hyne; "Three
Men' and a Woman." by R. H. P. Miles:
"The Crossroads of Destiny," by John P.
Ritter," and "Ona American Girl," by Vir
ginia Webb. Major Pond's "Eccentricities
of Genius" has gone into Its fourth edi
tion.
The Saturday Evening Post announces
for early'- publication a twelve-part serial
Ftory of love and adventure, by Morgan
Robsrt3on. "Masters of Men" Is a pow
erful ta!e of the new navy. The central
figures in the story are a rich orphan,
who has entered the navy as an appren
tice, and a young ensign, fre»h from the
naval academy. The author leads his two
heroes through a maze of adventures by
land and Eea. . •
"Mr. Smedley's Guest." a story by E. S.
Chamberlayne in the February Atlantic,
Is a study, from a new point of view, oj
the successful, forceful American busi«
ness man.
Literary Notes.
Miss Upton has illustrated the voluma
and made it very attractive. Published
by the Abbey Press, New York. Price, Jl.
"City Boys in the Country" is an at
tractive boys' book that may interest the
young 1 fellow who loves nature and coun
try life. The author, Clinton Osgood
Burlinsr. relates actual experience of hia
early life, and holds the reader's attention
with his reminiscences of boyish pranks.
The book contains quite a fund of in
formation about hunting and fishing:, as
well as good hints concerning the haunts
and habit3 of cur North American birds.
City Boys in the Country.
dltional proof that Mr. Le Queux Is a
•master in the. art of sensationalism. (Pub
lished by G. W. Dillingham & Co., New
York.) r ;
the designer. I mean the art of producing
Into living English his appreciation of ail that
the original has brought to him.
Professor Tolman has adapted to a cer
tain extent the ideas of the German,
Cauer, as expressed in his "Die Kunst des
Uebersetzens"; but for the greater part
his book is made up of original sugges
tions and ideas.
Besides having- accomplished a. work of
great 1 benefit and value to the student.
Professor Tolman's book Is well" worth a
perusal by even the most trivial dabbler
in language study. His explanations are
simple and to the point and best of ail
founded, on common-sense conclusions.
Four simple rules which the author gives
for a deeper appreciation of a foreig/i
tongue indicate the keynote of his views
on the Tnatter:
(i) Read, read, read the original without
endeavoring to translate. <2) Cultivate ind«
p»ndenc« of the lexicon. (3) Acquire vocabu
lary- '¦(*">.. Cease , to fear the forelgrn sentence
as soni»thfng strange or uncanny. The test is
not what one has read, but th« ability he has
acquired from reading what he has-to read*
more Just like it with greater ease.
In cne word, we must think th« orlelnal.
That Is no impossible ideal; it is the only true
goal of language study. When this is ac
quired Latin and Greek, French and German,
will not bl laid aside on leaving the. collece
¦walls, for It 13 true that what is once learned
can i never be unlearned; what '.« once gotten
car. never bo "forgotten.
The book Is published by BenJ. H. San
born & Co., Boston. Price 70 cents.
For My Musical Friend.
"For My 'Musical Friend." -is the title
of a little volume of musical essays by
Aubertine "Woodward Moore.
The book is the result of life long study,
observation. anil reflection; and should bo
in the library of every lover and student
of music -.Mrs. Moore has: been a valu
able contributor to the leading musical
journals for years, and she haa responded
to the urgent desire of her readers to col
lect many of her older essays and print
them here with some slight changes.
Mr?. Moor* is an accomplished pianist
and an enthusiast in her wor'/.. She is a3
well known in literary as in musioal cir
cles, one of her published works. "Echoes
From Mist Land." having a wide circula
tion.
Th!s series of practical essays will be
fouiid very helpful. The student will find
Eomo excellent talks on sight-reading
which. is so necessary, some suggestions
about memorizing, time-keeping in music
and a fund of information that every
musical student is anxious to investigate.
Published by Dodge Publishing Company,
New York. Price, cloth 51 23; full soft
suede leather, fci.
Poems for Memorizing 1 .
Teachers who have struggled for long
in an effort to find verses for their classes
to memorize will receive with gratitudes
a book of poems compiled by Alice Rose
Power, The author, is a teacher in the
San Francisco School Department, and
having experienced difficulty in securing
the poems recommended by Professor
Kllwood P. Cubberley of the Iceland Stan
ford Jr. University as those best adapted
for class.purposes, she has collected them
finally, and has had them published. In
book -form. - Professor Cubberley has writ
ter. its. brief introduction to the collection
! which "he dwells on the benefit of hav^
hnp <\\il(lrcn learn by heart the besjt pas
sagos'Jn litorfiture.. The selections^.have
befii. 'well made and the publication is
very' neatly bound. It is printed on an
attractive blue paper. Published by the
Whitaker & llay.Companj, San Fran
• c:«?co.: . ___!____ ' ¦
Father Anthony.
Robert Buchanan, author of "God and
the Man," has given us in "Father An
thony", a most touching story of Irish life.
He writes of the life from personal knowl
edge and describes placea and people with
which and with whom he, has had long
acquaintance. .
The story is vivid and full of llf* and
color:, and the characters of the two
priests. Father' Anthony and Father
Cioly, are drawn with .singular charm
and sympathy.
/: All the best qualities of the au*i5<:-r*n
style are apparent throughout— his power
of poetic -description, his portrayal ,,i rtia
supernatural, his good nature and !ov«*
of what is truly lovable in the Irish char
acter. (Published by G. \V. Dilllngham &
Co., New York.)
Secrets of Monte Carlo.
William Le Qucux. who writes in a sen
cational style, lias hrought out a book of
rather fascinating but somewhat un
healthy stories of the life at Monte Carlo.
Many ilnd a peculiar charm in stories con
cerning gambling experiences, and conse
quently this book will appeal to a wide
public. . V : : ¦ . ¦ ' ~L ' ¦'.. ' : .•¦
One who knows the author's other ex
citing romances will find this book an'ad-
The book concerns Itself with aserles of
tragedies which are always in progress on
the stage of 'Monte. Carlo. Mr. Queux
shows perfect familiarity with the place,
and one feels that the stories are not al
together Improbable. They are full of in
cident and of that great interest which
pertains to the drama3 of the gambling
salon.
UNDER the modest title of "Mrs.
Clyde — the Story of a Social
Career," Julien Gordon has writ
ten one of the best society novels
that hns come out for many a day.
"Jyliei Gordon" !s the wife of Colonel S.
Van KeiiFselaer Crt-'ger and a leader in
New York society. It is said that the
book Is making a stir in the East, for it
!s hinted that Mrs. Clyde in fiction ha3
her counterpart in real life. In any event
Craser lias drawn the character of
her heroine too well to Le merely the cre
ation of her own brain. But Ftill It Is
more reasonable to suppose that Mrs.
Clyrfe is a composite rather than an exact
portrait.
Th* bnolt i«, as the title .Fiiccests. a
";«nciaJ career." It is the story of a poor
girl who marries simply for wealth and
position: who fights her way into social
rrornincncr— win* the laurels she crave.-,
and lives to a f;iir!y good old age in the
midst of comforts and luxury. That is a
description In brief, and yet it falls far
fhort of the mark. Mrs. Cruger's work
Is no ordinary one. She is perfectly ac
home with her subject and handles it in
'ust the proper vein to brine out tlie
agreeable and disagreeable points most
effectively.
The ttory begins with the heroine as a
jrooac Kirl and engaged to the most tle
eirable man in the .-ma!; village where
her fathers home and factories are lo
cated. H!ie is a by no means uninterest
ing person, as Is testified by Mrs. Crugor's
pen picture in the first few pases:
Sh» wax farhioned en a Junoesqiie mold—
tall, !arp». with r-'unded bust, full hips.
plump arm*. Her btow wan low and wide,
vh'.rh. not being tho fRFliion. she trie.J to
r<mpdjr by pu^hinjf lia.-k h»>r hair as tw?t stie
Cutrid. This <5'i.-iky hair was som»vihat COMW.
The eye?, under lialf-clntfd lids, were dark,
lar-!-wing. f=e*rrhmg;. imperious. The nose—
«r«:giH. firi«\ tinall— was full of vigor, wit
¦r.rt 8rrofar.ee Tli»> mouth, a trifle hard,
fwe^fned wh«>n phaken with laughter. CJa
trie!!a irxa merry cnotijrh at time?. Her teeth
wore ftronp and white. There was a rich
t'.oom en lifr cheeks. Her hands were short
and broar;— the hand of action— with sliphtly
fraf^latfij finper tips. d»notinj th« dramatic
element. They seemed u> designate that the
material In her nature, markedly «levWoj«ed.
v^i.'ld still b# tingtd with artistic t»ndenei»s:
that h»-r oarwr would Iw ffirrinj:. Th«"y were
rnr.puine 5u>!vis. full of bl.«o«l, powerful at th«
»-tiptF.' vtilrh w>r» too thick f<*r b*mitr.
Thero «»f »r>m»thin(f positive siiout them.
d-.bri^Ila Dunham. In fart, was not a ce>»tial
brir.jr. but essentially a nymph of earth.
trcerlT !!Ftpn!nB for »arth'# me«?asr». whlrh
e-tie fcer tl+4 or torrjr. ts it* purport mlsht
r«. but -which, «.t any rate, she found poig
nantly interesting-
Oabriella goes to Boston to visit a
wealthy friend and here has her first
taste of society and a passing flirtation
with a Lord Dearborn. Her glimpse In
this other world spoils her for her coun
try lover and a sarcastic word" from his
lordship about her swain's personal ap
pearance i.« all that is needed to open th-j
«yes of this embryo society dame to tho
fact that s=he Is wasting her ooportunitles.
And eo her engagement is forthwith
broken.
Dearborn makes love to the young lady,
but finds when he actively presses his suit
that he has made one of the few mistakes
of his rapid life. He Is already a married
man. The reader at '.'lis point Is fully ex
pecting the usual turn of such beginnings
—a story of the weak country maiden
wronged and then developing into a
strong woman who peeks revengp. Not
yo — Mrs. Cruger is too skillful a writer to
waste her time on fireworks.' Oabriella
pimply turns his lordship out of the hous»i
in a matter of fact way nor does she
mourn ov< r the loss of her Hrst love.
She returns with sood grace to her
home to take up her usual household du
ties in the most "true to life" style. Then
comes a calamity. Her father's mills fall
down with a frightful loss of life a.iil
financial ruin to the Dunhams. Gabriella
does her part in caring for the wounded
and here it is that Mr. Clyde makes hU
appearance on the «cene. Mr. Clvde la
a middle-aged man of plebeian appearance
but full pocketbook— a piar.o manufactur
er. He falls in love with the daughter
and therefore helps the father with good
gold to retrieve his losses and start busi*
ness acuin. Here again the book departs
from the ordinary line of the story as It is
generally told— the young daughter wbcrJ
sacrifices herself to spve her parent from
ruin. Oabriella is «he sohemingr one of
the family and goes forth as no tear-be
decked bride. She deliberately; marries
Clyde for his money. Of course, it is tho
making of her family, but it is really for
the making of pelf that this interesting
person takes the step.
Poor old Clyde! He is lightly touched
upon in the story and figures merely as a
necessary setting in the development of
llrs. Clyde, but the reader can easily
catch between the lines the many heart;
aches of this devoted husband who
changes his entire life to further his
wife's one ambition— to become a society
ruler. The real sacrifice is upon. his part.
Mrs. Clyde moves to town and with the
head of a Napojeon. backed by her hus
band's millions, sets about to make her
way in the social world. Succesn, If so it
may b« called, finally crnwnn h«f efforts.
THE ' SUNDAY C ALt.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
By. B- Q- Xathrop.
4
Hundreds of locomotives are rented
every year. Several corporations make
¦their chief revenue this way. The Bald-
. v/tnx have many a machine out on tha
rental form of payment. That ia. "tha
engines are rented in the same way that
you would buy a stove on Installments—
so much down and so much a month, tha -
payments to apply on the final purchase
money.*asy to mom into my ways of doing
things, have I preferred to take and train
amateurs.
"But by the end of the first season, if
not before, they think they can play every
part in the piece, and every piece that
-ever was written. In their opinion they
are no longer novices, but experienced and
tried professionals. They refuse to con
tinue in the yarrt they were hired for.
Each wants the best role in the play, and
when they are refused it the girls cry and
threaten to 'go home' and the men get
swelled up and kick. The result is, we
part. 'And then somebody that doesn't
break In amateurs takes the people I have
trained.
"Broadhurst took eight in one season*.
Frawley has taken a bunch. And I start
in on some more, because they are 'fresh
and spontaneous and easy to mold.' And
after a while 1 get it in the neck again.
"AH they want, for the most part— these
amateurs— Is nrtoriety. And after about
two weeks' experience they are no earthly
good. They are entirely unprincipled *aa
far as attending rehearsals, and when
they are not feeling well they simply fail
to show up, for either rehearsals or the
performance.
"I took a society srirl In Chlcaco wb»
<S<iyi7HY do I still pin my faith to
\\/K/7 amalf> urs? I'n> not sure that I
u u do. And vet. I don't know "
Harry Corson Clarke prot up.
hooked h!s thumbs into the respective
armholes of his vest and slowly paced
back and forth in his room at the Occi
dental.
Evidently the question raised a compli
cated train of thought in the mind of the
comedian, v.ho thrives on a modest diet
of milk and molasses taffy.
"I used to pin my faith to amateurs for
several reasons. And some of those rea
sons ctlll hold pood, theoretically. But
In practice 1 must confess many of them
have proved disconcerting, if not disas
trous."
And the man who has the. reputation of
having trained more nonces for the stage
than any other in his profession sighed as
he paced.
"I have had some hard knocks in trying
to carry out my theories, and there are
times wjien I vow solemnly never to both
er with another one. Yet the main reason
always obtains.
"Amateurs are fresh, spontaneous and
In their ignorance ot theatrical ways easy
to mold. As a rule they are ambitious
end dreys well. The women generally
have more than the average education;
usually they know something of music,
and having been accustomed to move in
society their poise is Rood and they carry
themselves well in drawing-room scenes.
"For all these reasons, and especially
becaus*. bolng inexperienced, they don't
tbiiik they know it all. and are therefor©
HARRY CORSON
CLARKE
TELLS A FEW
PLAIN TRUTHS.
Thi> real thing--perfcasw the only real
thing— in a Mahometan saint turnei
Chris::a:i !a dead. Speculations may no*
bo Indulged *n by the tinvoteos of two i-
ligtons whether the dead sulrt if enjoying
V.imstif more in his ureser.t state than if
he h:i<1 died «n the old faith. Imad-l'd-
LMr. . tl.f proselyte, came of an old family.
who'll bad for many generations held ta
bead h'.^'h anionp: It* j&abomet&ns of the
PunJaV In early life he ;;<y:u!red so
fnmh f.:m>- as ;¦. devout Mahometan tliat
he was appointed to prcacJi against Dr.
Pfunder ;n th*-- !Vy;il Mosque at Asia.
Af a f;ikir be acquired widespread repute.
ar;d t1n;i!ly was woTEhiped: but after
i>racticinfr ;:!! the austerities of Mahomed
tar.ira. as followed »y ite recognized de
voteev. he revolted from the system and
became a master j.i the government
school in Inhere. He argued with a
friend! who had accepted Christianity.
EtcdSed th»; gospel a;iu as a result was
led to seek admission to the Fane faith
liimself. Fer.sation was created, when, in
3W<. this Mahometan >=aint was baptized'
as a Christian./ In 1>O» Uishop Milraau
adrjiiiicil i.im to deacon's orders.
MAHOMETAN SAINT WHO
TURNED CHRISTIAN.
a^sHEY pay the fiftost of Mary <J.;pen
of Scots; v.alk«-<i on ChrHtma? ove.
1> It w?is In the somber Tower that
¦ puar.l h^ard her. There, wh^ie
men have bo^n ImprfB&tted. wh«-r.ce thev
have been Jed to dcaih. the soft sound of
her woman's footsteps was heard in the
Christina* midnight.
Tbe puard was a burly fellow. ¦ ruddy.
puffy; hearty subject who was more ad
dicted to porter than t<> tale* of trhosts
that walk. But when he heard these re<=t
lexs'eteps and cav.plii tne pound of R wail
—not angry or Qerce. but a sad little wai;
as of a -Roman whose heart is sore—
when ho heard these, he caught hie
breath, for the old etory Hashed into his
mind.
THERE Is a tradition of the
Tower of London which says
that the ghost of Mary Queen
of Scots appears there always on
the Christmas eve preceding the
death of a King or Queen of England.
The day after Christmas there ap
peared in an English paper an item
stating that the ghost of Mary Queen
of Scots had been heard -walking and
\railing in the Tower of London. A
gruard had heard it and stoutly af
firmed this story.
The tale was telegraphed across tha
xeatsr subsequently and printed in
The Call of January 11, when as yet
there had been no thought of inter
ruption of the Queen's sturdy health.
Th<_ Tower cf London is a building
with a srloomy history. Close b3sid-i
it lies Tow^r Hill, where the numer
ous prisoners were led to execution.
It is indeed a Siting place for a trou
bled spirit to choose.
He had hear^d .that | the dead alone can*
come, and, go and no man • see' them. ~ < ¦
When the whilom ruddy, old guard was
through his search His .cheeks were as
white' as those of a frightened maid and.
his hand shook like the hand of one. He,
hurried to the outer door and. looked up
and down, trying to see some one. If
he could only catch sight of a human \
being, he thought, it • would dispel; the!
creeps that were settling. upon him., '¦
There was nobody about. Duty was I
duty. He was the appointed guard of the
Tower, and there was nothing, to do but
face the night out in the place. •
So until the day dawned, he remained, '
thinking over the- tales of the ghost of
Mary and listening for another sound of
it. None came, but: *
"That was enough," he says now.
"When I heard it I knew that our Queen's
death was to be .within -the' year. And .
that only last Chr^Jstmas eve,, and she
lying dead in her bed- at' Osborne. God
rest her soul, on the 22d of January. Oh,
It's a sorry monarch for whom the ghost
wails in the Tower." v
Since the time of .Elizabeth, persecutor
or rightful avenger of* Mary Stuart,
whichever she may have been, the ghost
has been reported to make itself heai-i
on each Christmas eve before the death of
the reigning monarch. Perhaps this is
an oil wives* tale. - . . ,
And yet, . do you wmember when tha
guard's etory-w.as given forth? On the'
The Ghost Of Mary Queen Of Scots
Mary Queen of Scots, so they say, Mary
of the sorry story, has always walked on
the Christmas eve before the ' monarch
died. ,
On second thoughts, the guard laughed
at himself for "his foolishness. What were
epooks to him? he queried. Naught but a
fancy, to have birth in idle minds, to be
prated of by idle tongues. Some one waa
putting up a joke on him. He would hunt
him OUt.
So he climbed the long Ftair flights,
panting like a good fellow as he did so.
The lop of the Tower was growing higher
each year, he had been noticing for some
time past. This year.' at the end of the
century, it must surely have grown above
the clouds.
After he had reached the top at the
end of arduous breathings, he clasped his
thumping old heart, gave it a final pat
of reassurance, ani looked about.
No one was to be seen. - .
"Oho! So you think you'll hide, do
you?" he queried In a fierce rumble that
might have "struck terror to the heart of
any practical joker. "I'll teach you to
hide." And thereupon he commenced a
search that began in the highest point of
the Tower and <lid not end until its bot
tom v.-;;s reached.
He found no one.
There could b p no mistake about it. No
living person could be above In that
Tower a:'d have passed him on the wav
down without his seeing.
"These are Just ; a few ' of . many _ln
etancea, Some that I have trained have
turned out well and are now "playing, suc
cessfully In flrst-class~companie3 In varl
oue partg of the country. Others were so
"But when my Juvenile lead got well
and j came back ! that : new man ' was so
swelled up he raised a horrible row at the
Idea of filling the part I had hired him
for: •= - ¦¦'¦.
-. "Last season I hired a young chap from
a dramatic school to play a small part in
•What .Happened : to Jones.' . He : was to
Join the company in, Arkansas. Just be
fore'he "reached us my Juvenile lead was
taken sick, -and when the new fellow came
I-gjlve him the part. It was sixty pages
long/ and I him to tie a towel filled
with cracked ice on his head and dig. He
did. Af the* end of twenty-four hours he
was letter perfect, and he made more out
of the part than I dreamed he could.
¦ "The next- week, we went on the road— a
half-dozen places near Chicago— and the
same i girl came to me' and said: 'Mr.
Clarke,- can't you get along without me
for these little towns? There are two or
three theater parties arranged for. next
week and my friends want me to stay and
go with them.*. . < ¦• «'
"Now, that tea straight fact. What do
you think of it? ' "
Then came Charles I.' There were politi
cal troubles, he .was. overthrown. He
finally stirred up a fresh civil war and a .'
Scottish Invasion in 164S and his death
followed. He wait' beheaded on a scaffold
was 'crazy to go on the stage.* She had
Intelligence, pome talent, handsome
clothes and a bad case of theatrical fever.
The opening- n!ght— big house, crowds of
her friends, beautiful flowers, great' ap
plause,, etc. . -'-••¦ t
"The next. day was Saturday. ... Matinee
time came — and no girl. "We had to fake
her part."; In the evening she showed up,
and when I asked her why she had not
reported for the matinee she said Jaunt
ily, 'Why!, a lot of my friends came to the
house about noon to congratulate me, and
they .stayed . to lunch and I forgot all
about. the matinee!' ¦
¦ "That's: all. , No. apology or anything
else. ; Just forgot to ; come. . ,
It was the same- way when James I
died. "Walkings and waitings were heard,
and In March he surrendered the throne
which he had held. . ¦ . ' : '• .
restlessness In a ghost? "Was it any won
der that such a victim should punish her
slayer with grewsome warning?
At any rate, Elizabeth died within the
year." .
Whereupon . Harry Corspn , CJarke sat
him. down,. took. a long drink of milk and
proceeded to mun«h a piece 'of molasses
taffy ' to ' help him forget t>is managerial
troubles, - -
- •¦•• : ¦¦ ;*..:,:
"I. showed Mm, his. part. He glanced It
over and then spoke for the first time. In
these scholarly words:- 'It's too much. If
I'd ever saw'd . -de-; : part I wouldn't, a
touched it.'. And there you are. ¦ ...-/. ;
"It isn't amateurs alone, you see, that
are disappointing. In the long ran tba
manager gets it in the neck from, all of
them. ¦ And my experience — which I admit
has been varied for its length— has shown
me. that in nearly all cases it is 'do the
other fellow, while . he^does you,' in tha
theatrical as in other lines- of business."
man was sent to me— guaranteed to be AJL
He looked like a divinity student' and I
was tickled to death. '¦r /-
WHY HE STILL
PINS
HIS FAITH
TO AMATEURS.
bad that nothing could, have been mada
of them by anybody, and still others ara
mediocre, and .will never do mo r a than
play: Insignificant parts In obscure organic
zatlons. . '. >:!."A ' e '*, '¦ "
"So you i see there are two aides to this
amateur question, as there are to every
other. And yet there is Just as much
trouble with professionals in other ways.
; "I was trying to find somebody to play
the Bishop in 'Jones.' It waa Just after I
had been .up against it hard with some o£
my amateurs, and I decided to get some
body with experience, that. would be com
petent to Jump in and take the part with
out training. . H ¦ .
"I sent to a reputable theatrical agency,
told them exactly . what. I .wanted and a
The Emperor said: "1 could wish no
better for the men of my nation than
that the girls of Germany should follow
the example of their Empress and devote
their lives, as she does, to the cultivation
of the three great K's— kirche, kinder and
kuche." And it may be readily understood
that a woman whose life is' bound by her
church, children and kitchen will train
her daughter in domestic virtues.
The little princess knows nothing oC
pomp or luxury or self-indulgence. She
gets up at 6 o" clock In the morning and
until 1 o'clock, the hour when the Imperial
family dines, is busy with her tutors- Her
mind and body are carefully watched over
l3y her mother. Her play hours are as
systematically arranged as her study
hours. —There were already six sons when
»thls little daughter was born to the house
lot Hohenzollern,- and the coming of a baby
sister was a happy-event.- There Is row
ing on the lake with her brothers, riding
on her pet -pony, picnicking In the woods
of the park and long botanizing expedi
tions, with her mother as companion,
•through the beautiful grounds that sur
round the palace at Potsdam.
The Princess Victoria, the only daugh
ter of ithe Emperor and Empress of Ger
many, Is being brought up In a homely
German fashion.
Gh.ost or no ghost. Victoria died.
THE HOMELY LIFE OF A
GERMAN PRINCESS.
"Or there would have been no terror If
they had come in the day." he adds. **It
was fearsome like In the night. One allus
fears more when it happens than on' tha
day afterward when one thinks It over.
It don't seem now to be anything to run
for. but I did want to run when I heard
It, that's true enough."
It has been the loudest and most ter
rifying when the death was violent. Vic
toria, loving sovereign, long and peaceful
of reign, was so gently warned that only
one within the Tower, so the guard says,
could have heard the sounds. There waa
infinite sadness in them, but no terror.
outside the windows of "Whitehall and
there ended his story. .
The Christmas eve before hi» execution
a woman passing the Tower of London,
hurrying home late In the night, for «h«
was alone and timid, heard a Ions »ac!
cry from th« top of the Tower. Sha
could see no light, and when «he Inquired,
next day she learned that no one had
been known to be In the Tower the pre
ceding night. All entrances were closed.
Marauders had not been noticed la that
eastern end of the city.
"Nor did It sound like marauders," af
firmed the woman. "Sure It sounded mor«
like the voice of one that la dead and
gone. It was far-off like and yet near,
and It had the sound of a gTeat troubla
that there Is no remedyln* of."
So the tale was told time and again, just
before the death of each succeeding sov
ereign. The second Charles and James
pa-ssed away, and William and Mary - In
their turns and Queen Anne In hers. Then
four Georges followed In succession and
William IV. and always came the warn
ing.
day.- following- the- occurrence, : when . the
public at large still -believed Victoria* Re
gina to bo ¦ in* the "fullness of her pow
ers,"people.who read-.it said.. -'-'Nonsense,
the ' Queen lives' and shall ¦ live. This Is
the tale of a foolish fellow, who babbles
nonsense."' . > .
Within the month all Christendom was
watching at her. bedside and saw, her
away. > ; \ '.
It was then that some stopped to reflect
upon' what the guard had said.
•It was, the same way, they remembered,
when Elizabeth died. The 24th of the pro
ceding: December .'was the first time that
ti.e ghost had made itself known. •
it was heard then by two. watchera, so
the story goes. It walked half the night
through, and* it wailed 'most horribly. Ths
men clung to one -another in terror and
knew not what it meant.
£ Once it spoke, so one of them said, but
the- other denied it. "Elizabeth shall die;
she who beheld me captive." were the
word* reported. But the other guard sa'd
\ that these were heard only by the ears
of a>frightened Imagination. 1 '.
. "Was it Mary? -Mary, the sad • Queen?
. Elizabeth had signed her death warrant,
Elizabeth had sent her to the scaffold,
and she. died the bitterest death that ever
Queen died;
¦ ~ -. An old manuscript says: "Att last while
one of the executioners held hlr strelght
ly with one of his handes, the other gave
t-ro stroakes with an axe before he did
cutt of hlr head.
"Shee'made very smale noyse, no part
stirred from the place where shee lay-,
The executioners lifted up the head and
bade God save the Queen. Then hir
dresslnge of lawn fell from, hir head*,
• which appeared as gray as if shee had
been three score and ten yeares olde. Hir
face was much altred. Hlr llppes stirred
up and down almost a quarter of an hour
after hir heads was cutte off."
Was not thi3 a death that might inspire
THE, SUNDAY: (JAL,JLr. v
5PASTURES HIS SHEEP BY ELECTRICITY.
A MAN named McNair has devised a
system of pasturing sheep by elec
tricity and experiments are being
made with it at the agricultural
experiment station of Michigan at'•Lan
sing. In recent j'cars nearly every town
of any size has been provided with an
electric generating plant and frequently
the wires are strung along country roads
from town to town. This fact led Mr. Mc-
Nair to attempt the use of electricity on
the farm. For sheep feeding he devised
a curious pen tome fifteen feet square,
built of wire and mounted on broad, flat
wheels. This pen is designed to run in
any pasture, even though it be hilly.
Wires connect with a small motor sta
tioned at one side of the pasture, this. In
turn, being connected with the electric
wires from which power ls derived. A
turn of a button and the pen slowly creeps
across the field. That is the essence of
the invention.
Two lambs and part of the time an old
ewe have- been pastured In the pen during
the summer at the station at Lansing.
The field is planted with lucerne, grow
ing thick and heavy. The pen isjeo ar
ranged that It crawls the full length of
the pasture in one month, traveling .about
two feet an hour; at the end of this time
it Is switched around and. travels back
again. As it. moves the sheep eat evory
bit of the fodder, eagerly cropping next
the forward side of. the pen as It runs over
new ground. A bit of canvas duck Is hung
over one corner of the pen so that the
sheep may be well sheltered, and, curious
as It may seem, they have become so ac
customed to the moving of the pon that
when they He down to sleep they snuggle
up close to the forward end of the pen so
that they may He as long as possible with
out being disturbed by the rear end of
the pen as it creeps toward them.
When the pen has , passed tile lucerne
that has been cropped by the sheep grows
up again and by the time the pen has
made its monthly circuit the " pasture is
again in good condition. The. advantage
of this electrical ptn is that the sheep
are . kept from running over, half-easing
and trampling down a' large amount of
pasture.and it keeps tho sheep quiet, bo
that they take on flesh, rapidly.
a cushion covered with the^same materi
als. Tho stone maintains Its usual place
under the seat of the chair, but ia hid
from observation by the fringe which
surrounds It
• ¦ . * v
THE REGALIA. i
These are: St. Edward's staff, the spur
the scepter with tho cross, the pointed
sword of temporal justice, the sword or
with the dove, the orb, St. Edward'j
crown, the patina, the chalice and the Bi
ble.
*iAv.,f fT* 1 ' 8 8tair - In Iensth fotir **t
gold *«, an . d a balf> ls a 9Ccpi " oC
gold, having a foot of steel-about four
mo^V* 11^ * Quarter la l^sth with a
mound and cross at the top; the orna
ments are also of gold, and the diameter
is upward of three-quarters of an inch
The spurs, called the great golden spurs
are elaborately wrought. They have no"
rowels, but end in an ornamented point
The scepter with the cross, or scepter
royal, is likewise of gold, the handle plain
and the upper part wreathed. It is in
length two feet nine inches and a quar
ter, and Is of the same thickness as tlie
, former. The point at the lower part ia
enriched with rubles, emeralds and small
diamonds, and the space of five Inches
and a halt In length above the handle
Is elegantly embellished with similar pre
cious stones. The top rises Into a fleur
de-lis, with Blx leaves, of which three
are upright, and the other three are hang
ing down, all enriched with precious
stones. Out of the fleur-de-lis issues
mound made of amethysts, set round with
table diamonds, and upon ' the mound a
cross, wholly ; covered with precious
DO ANIMALS FEAR APPROACHING DEATH?
agony, terror and reproach.* Its forchea.l
resting on my breast, the ape died in toe
confiding attitude of a little child."
On the other hand, a wild ap». wounded
by Brc-hm, a German naturalist, fell to
the ground, "remained quietly seated, an<l
wiped away without the least cry the
blood which poured from its wounds.
"There was," says the naturalist, "ar.
this moment something in his look so hu
man, so noble and so calm -.at I was"
touched to the point of plunging my hunt
ing-knife into the poor creature's body
and thus ending his sufferings."
M. Jules Gerard teils of a !ion, which
having fallen Into a great ditch that had
been dug for him, resigned himself after
several ineffectual efforts to escape. He
heard the cries of delight of the men who
saw him trapped. He understood that he
was lost; that he was about to die an ig
nominious and defenseless ucath.
But it was his way to receive the ln-
Juries that were to come to him without
sound of protest. After taking a dozen
bullets without moving he lifted his fin-*
head with a majestic movement to cast
a look of scorn on the Arabs who were
aiming at him their final shots. Then ne
lay down, resigned to death.
ON this occasion all the processions
and ceremonies observed from tho
time of Edward I, who was crowned
on August 15, 1274, down to the day
when, on June 2S, 1SCS, Victoria I became
Queen the proceedings t have been the
eame and the insignia used the same.
When the new King is enthroned he will
go through the same programme that his
ancestors have gone through when taking
office for nearly a thousand years.
The following is taken irom the London
Sun of June 28, 1S3S:
KING EDWARD'S CHAIR,
"This chair (commonly called St. Ed
ward's chair) is an ancient seat of solid
hardwood, with back and sides of -the
same, variously painted. In which , the
Kings of Scotland were in former periods
constantly crowned, but having been
brought out of the kingdom by
King Edward I in the* year
1296, after he had totally over
come John Ballol, King of Scots, It has
ever since remained in the Abbey of'West
minster, and has been" the royal chair In
which the succeeding 1 Kings* and Queens
of this realm have been Inaugurated. It
Is In height six feet, seven inches, in
breadth at the bottom thirty-eight Inches
and in depth twenty- four Inches: from the
seat to the bottom Is twenty-five Inches;
the breadth of the Beat within the sides
is twenty-eight Inches and the depth
eighteen Inches. At nine Inches from, the
ground la a' board, supported at the four
corners. by as many lions. Between the
seat and this board is inclosed a stcme,
commonly called Jacob's, or r the fatal
marble stone, which is an oblong of about
twenty-two inches ' in length, 1 thirteen
This Is the more remarkable by It*
having been fulfilled In the person cf
King James I, grandfather to the Prin
cess Sofia, electress dowager, of Hanover.
grandmother to King George II. who was
grandfather to his late Majesty, George
III. This antique regal chair having (to
gether with the golden scepter and crown
of Scotland) been solemnly offered by
King Edward I to St.' Edward the Con
fessor in the year 1297 (from whence it
derives the appellation of St. Edward's
chair), has ever since been kept In tfie
chapel called by his name, with a tablet
affixed to It, whereon several Latin verses
are written In the old English character.
The ornaments of this chair consist of
crocket* and fretwork, richly gilt It has
INSIGNIA USED IN CROWNING
lnches broad and eleven Inches deep, of
a steel color mixed with some veins of
red. History relates that it is the stono
whereon the patriarch Jacob laid his
head in the plain of Luz. It Is also added
Uiat it was brought to Brigantla, in the
kingdom of Gallicla. in Spain, in which
place Gathol, King of Scots, sat on it as
his throne. Thence it was conveyed into
Ireland by Simon Brach, who was King
of Scots about 700 years before Christ's
time: thence into Scotland by King Fer
gus, about 370 years afterward, and In
the year SCO It was placed in the abbey of
Scone, In the sheriffdom of Terth, by
King Kenneth, who caused It to be In
closed In this wooden chair, and a pro
phetical verse to be engraved, of which
the following Is a translation: ,
Should fate not fait, where'er this stone Is
found,
Tbo Scots shall monarchs of that realm b»
found.
DO animals understand the approach
of death? If so. <So they fear It?
Here is a problem which no Bden-
tist has ever yet settled, but upon
wfcleh French observer* have recently
thrown light.
To assume that the animal cannot un
derstand death because he cannot compre
hend the foolish things that men tay
about It Is to do him an injustice.
As a matter of fact it appears that ani
mals that do fear death have caught this
fear from human beings with whom they
hve mistakenly associated, and that the
wilder an animal it the more eerene and
dignified 1» bis attitude toward his own
dissolution.
Mort animals— with the exception of
those assured of decent burial In the back
yard— have no reason to hope for raore
than prompt extinction and a slow whiten
1ns of their bone* under the blue of
fceaytn. \
All animals, according to the French
men who have Just been studying th^
eubject, realize when death Is near. Sav
ei?e beasts actually "prepare" for death
with a fine composure unshadowed by any
possibility of subsequent "will contests."
Bo-called domestic animals, while noi
ehowing the fear characteristic of
their masters, become ctrar.rely cling
ing and dependent and seem to dread sep
aration from the human belncs to whom
they are attached.
To eive definite Instances:
Pierre Lotl tells the following stcry of
the death of a young ape. partially tamed,
which he had mortallv wounded.
"As I raleed It up it still lived, but with
too feeble pulsation to make restoration
possible. Like a dead thing, I took It !n
my arms. The little pinched lips trembleJ
and the childlike eves looked into mine
wlta ta unforgettable expression of
V N" the ago of tlie Flantagencts ar.fl
I Tudore. and uinicr the Stuarts, until
II th»» coronation of James II, it was cus
tomary for kings to reside in the
Tower of London for some lime previous
to tho coronation. On the Saturday bo
fcre the coronation the sovereign wont
from Westminster to the Tower of Lon
don, attended by great numbers of the
nobility and civic dignitaries, and by
those pqulrcs who were to be knighted,
and who watched their arms that night.
Each squire had a chamber allotted him,
and a bath In which he bathed. The en
duing day after mass the sovereign
created them knights. After their inves
titure they were permitted to sit down in
the King's presence, but during the whole
time of dinner they were rot allowed to
partake of any part, of the entertainment.
The queens In their own right, Mary and
Elizabeth, though thry girded the pwords
on the knights with their own-hands, did
not give the accolade or blow, which Is
the determinate action that impresses the
character of knighthood. At both coro
nations Ilenry, Earl of Arundel, pcr-
formod thl= office. A copy of his appoint
n.cnt Is to l»e found in Kymer.
WILLIAM THE «'ONQUEROR.
After William hail taken the coronation
oath, to protect the church, prohibit np
pr^^sion and execute judgment in mercy,
Aldrcd put the question, "Will ye have
this prince to be your king?" The people
answered with loud shouts, and the noise
geve so much alarm to the Norman garri
son in the city that the soldiers, believing
the Enclish to have revolted, without
vaitir.g to make any investigation, imme
diately set the next houses on lire, which,
spreading and giving a general alarm,
most of the congregation rushed out of
the church, the English hastening to stop
the fire and the Normans to plunder. The
bishops, clergy and monks, who remained
within the church, were in such confusion
that they were scarce able to go through
the ofnee of crowning the king. William
himself, who saw the tumult, and could
not conjecture its cause, sate trembling
at the foot of the altar, and, though no
great mischief was done by the fire. It
laid the foundation of a long and inveter-
HKNRY I!
ate enmity between the English and the
Normans.
WILLIAM II, RUFL'S.
William II laid claim to the crown by
virtue of a form of election, the nobles
believing that he would be less inclined
to control their usurped privileges than
Ills elder brother. Robert. He was
crowned at Westminster September 27,
l'S". by Lafranc. Archbishop of Canter
bury, and tho Archbishop of York. I?e
s'.nes swearing to observe justice, equity
and mercy in all his conduct, and to
maintain the prace, liberties and privil
eges of the church, he promised that he
would follow the Archbishop's counsels
in his administrations.
STEPITKN.
Tho coronation of Henry I was per
formed in a hurried manner on the fourth
day after the death of Rufus. In every
respect the forms of his coronation were
the Fame as those of the Saxon Kings.
The coronation nf Stephen after he had
sworn allegiance to the Empros3 Matilda
was viewed with much anxiety in an age
whrn it was supposed that the punish
ment of perjury was immediate | »nd visi
ble. The ceremony was performed by Wil
liam, Archbishop of Canterbury, and it
is said that a dreadful storm arose which
threw all the parties into such confusion
".hat the conspcratcd water fell on the
ground, the kiss of peace after tho sac
rament was omitted, and even, the final
benediction forgotten.
HENRY II,
Henry was crowned at Westminster on
th«» Sunday before Christmas day, A. I">.
1154, by Theobald, Archbishop of Canter
bury. Although his hereditary right was
unquestionable, he was formally elected
by the clergy and people. It is said that
Henry was crowned again with his Queen,
A. D. llJ5f». but this report arose from his
h.ivltsg worn the crown during the cere
mony.
RICHARD I.
Duke Richard, having made all neces
sary preparations for his coronation, camo
to London, where ho assembled the
Arrhbishops of Canterbury, Rouen and
Tours, -who had given him absolution In
Normany for waging war against his
father after he had taken the cross as a
crusader. First, the Archbishops, Bishops,
Abbotts and clergy, wearing .their square
caps and preceded by the cross and holy
water bearers and deacons burning, In
cense, ¦went to the door of the royal bed
chamber and led the Duke in solemn pro
cession to the great altar of the church
of Westminster. When they reached the
altar Richard swore, in the presence of
the clergy and people on the holy gospel
and the sacred relics, that he would ob
serve peace, honor and respect all tho
days of his life to God, holy church and
its ordinances. His attendants then
stripped him to his trousers and shirt,
the latter of which was left open between
the shoulders on account of tho anoint
ing. Baldwin, Archbishop of Canterbury,
who -wore rich buskins of cloth of gold,
then anointed the King in three places,
on the head, between the shoulders and
on the right arm. A consecrated linen
coif and a cap of estate were then placed
forth at foure several places all the dale
long; neither was anle forbidden to re
ceive the same, were he never so poor or
ablest."
HENRY IV.
Henry IV was crowned by Archbishop
Fitzalan on the 13th of October. 1303. and
on this occasion the ampulla was first
employed. After Henry had gone to the
Tower he created forty-six Knights of
the liath, among whom were three of his
own sons. The procession from the
Tcwer to Westminster waa unusually
splendid, no less than six thousand
horses having been employed for the oc
casion.
Froissart gives the following acount of
Henry IVs procession: "The duke of
Lancaster left the Tower this Sunday af
ter dinner, on his return to Westminster.
He was bare-headed and had round his
neck the order of the king of France. The
prince of Wale3, six dukes, eix earls,
eighteen barons, accompanied him. and
there were of knights and other nobility
frcm eight to nine hundred horse in the
procession. He passed through the streets
of London, which were all handsomely
decorated with tapestries and other rich
hangings; there were nine fountains in
Cheapslde and other streets he passed
through that ran perpetually with white
and red wines. The whole cavalcade
amounted to six thousand horse, that es
corted the duke from the Tower to West
minster."
HENRY V.
Henry V was crowned on the 9th of
April, 1413. 'Katherine of France, tho
Queen of Henry V, was crowned on the
24th of February. 1420. The account which
Holinshed gives of the magnificence dis
played upon this occasion is far too char
acteristic of the age to be omitted:
"After the great solemnization of the
foresaid coronation in the church of St.
Peter's, at Westminster, was ended, the
queene was conveied into the great Hall
of "Westminster, and there set to dinner.
Upon whose right hand sat. at the end
of the table, the archbishop of Canter
bury and Henrie surnamed the Rich, car
dinall of Winchester. Upon the left hand
of the Queene 6at the king of Scots in
his estate who was served with covered
EDWARD IV.
The monarch had his title confirmed by
HENRY VX
Henry VI was crowned at Westminster.
November 6. 1423. being then, only la the
ninth year of hl3 age. The coronation feast
was celebrated at "Westminster with
great splendor. In tho first course, Fa
bian tells es, there were, among' other
royal viands. "Bore hedes In castellys oi
gold and enarmed," "Custard royall, with
a lyopard of gold tyttyng therein, and
holding a flour* d© Iyce." The pageant
for this course was "A sotyltle of Seynt
Edwarde and Seynt Lowys armed, and
upon eyther his cote armours, holdyne
atwene them a figure lyke unto Kyngo
Henry, standynge also la his cot© ar
moure. and a scripture passynge from
them both, saying* 'Behold© II perfyght
kynges under one cota of armour/ "
masse, as were the fore-*ai<J bishops, but
yet after them. Upon the left hand, next
to the cupboard, sat th© maolr and h!3
brethren, tho aldermen of London. The
bishops began the table, against the bar
ons of the Cinque Ports; and the Iatl!-?3
against the malor. These, with, others,
ordered tho service, and, for tho first
course, brawne In mustard, eels in bur
neur. pike ia herbage, fulment with
balien, lajnprle powdered, trout, codling,
plaice fried, martlne fried, crabs, leech
lumbard flourished tartes. and a devira
called a pelican, sitting 1 on hir nest with,
hir birds and an image of St. Katherina
holding a booke and disputing ¦with doc
tors.
"The second course was. gellle coloured
with columbine flowers, whits potage or
creamo of almonda. breame of tho s«>a.
conger, chetien. barbiJl and roch. fresh
salmon, hallba, gurnard, rochet broilee,
emclta fried, crevls, or lobster, leech
damaske, with the king's poesle flourish
ed thereon.
"The third cours© was. dates la com
post, ereame motle, carp© deore, turbut.
tench perch with goion. f^esh turglon
with welks, porperous rosted. creves39 da
cau doure, branla, eeles rosted with lam
prie. a leech, called the white leech, flour
ished with hawthorns leaves and red
hawes: a marchpane garnished with di
verse figures of anjrels."
JOHN*.
upon his h*>.id and lie was vested with th<»
royal robes, the lamatic and the tunic.
The Archbishop then delivered him a
sword to restrain the enemies of the
church. Two Earls then buckled on his
Fpurs and invested him with the pall of
Ftate; after which Baldwin conjured
him in the natno of God and forbade him
to take the crown unless he were firmly
resolved in his heart and soul to observe
all the promises to which he had sworn.
The festivities were sullied by a san
guinary and disgraceful riot. Numbers
of Jews had flocked to England in the
rrign of Henry II, where they were hon
orably protected by that liberal and en
lighTpned sovereign. Grateful for such
unusual- favors, they assembled at Lon
don to subscribe themselves in order to
make Richard a splendid present on the
day of his coronation. Unfortunately
Richard was "persuaded by some of the
bigots who surrounded him that the Jews
were accustomed to practice magic on
sovereigns during the time of the corona
tion, and he therefore issued an edict
prohibiting any Jew from entering the
church while the ceremony was being
performed, or appearing at the palace
during dinner. Curiosity overcame pru
dence. . Several of the most considerable
Jews mingled with the crowd and gath
ered around the gates of the palace. One
of them, endeavoring to force an en
trance, was struck in the face by an over
zealous Christian. This signal aroused
tho fanaticism of the multitude. A gen
eral assault was made upon the Jews,
who fled In confusion toward the city.
Snmp wrPtches, oager for plunder, raised
a cry that the King had given orders for
the extermination of the unbelieving
Jews; and, as this was by no moans Im
probable, whm the King was a crusader,
it received implicit credit. The city mob.
swelled by the multitudes who had come
from the country, attacked the houses of
the Jews, which the inhabitants defended
with great courage and obstinacy. The
enraged populace, when night came on,
finding, that they could not break into
tho houses, hurled brands and torches on
the roofs and through the windows. Con
flagrations burst forth in various parts
of tho clty.i which consumed not only
the houses of the Jews but those of the
Christians. Richard caused several of
the ringleaders and most notorious male
factors to be apprehended the next day.
They were hanged, as a terror to others,
a proclamation was issued taking tho
Jews under the royal protection, and tho
tranquillity of the city was restored.
John ascended the throne, to the preju
dge of the hereditary rights of his
nephew, Arthur, by virtue of a form of
election. The Archbishops, Bishops.
E,arls, Bishops and others, the estates of
the realm, being assembled in the
church of "Westminster May 27. 1199, Hu
bert, Archbishop of Canterbury, ad
dressed them In these memorable words:
"Hear all men! It is well known to
your wisdom that no man hath any right
of succession to this crown unless he be.
elected for his own merits by the unani
mous consent of the kingdom, with invo
cation of the Holy Ghost, after the man
ner and similitude of Saul, . whom God
set over his chosen people, though he was
neither the son of a King nor sprung of
a royal line; • and in like manner after
him David, the son of Jesse; the former
because he was brave and suited to the
royardlgnity. the latter because he was
humble and pious. So that he who sur
passes all within the realm in fitness for
royalty should preside over all In dignity
and power. But if one of the family
of the deceased sovereign should excel
others, his election should be the . more
readily and cheerfully conceded. Where
fore, as our late sovereign Richard died
without Issue of his body, and his
brother, Earl John, now present, is wise,
bravo and manifestly noble, we, having
respect both to his merits and his royal
blood, unanimously and with one accord
elect him to be our sovereign."
This was the most decisive form of elec
tion since the Conquest.
HENRY III.
After the death of John, London being
In possession of tho French Prince Louis.
an assembly of tho principal authorities
was convened at Winchester under the
presidency of Gualo,' the papal legate.
They unanimously resolved that the
young King should be crowned on the
2Sth day of October, A. D. 1216. The cere
mony was performed in the cathedral of
Winchester. The Papal Legate compelled
.Henry to do homage to the holy Roman
church and Pope Innocent for his king
dom of England and Ireland ; he also
made him swear that he would pay an
annual tribute of one thousand marks ta
the papal see. The ceremony of corona
tion was repeated by Stephen Langton,
Archbishiop of Canterbury.
Early In the year 1236 Henry married
the Lady Eleanor, daughter of the Earl
of -Provence, whose beauty is j celebrated
by all the chroniclers.
The ceremony of her coronation was
performed with extraordinary pomp on
the 22d of January. Hollnshed's account
of It will no doubt gratify our readers:
"At the solemnitie of this feast and
coronation of the quene all the high peers
of the realm both splrituall and temporall
were present, there to. exercise their of
fices as to them appertelned. The citizens
of London were there in. great arrale,
bearing afore . hir in solemn wise three
hundred and three score cups of gold and
silver, in token that - they ought to /wait
upon hir cup. Archbishop of Canterburie
(according to h!S'dutte)crown*ed hir, the
bishop of Liondon assisting him as his
deacon. The citizens of London served
EDWARD I.
out wire to evcrie one in great plentle.
The feast was'plentifull, Pn that nothing
wanted that could be wished. Moreover
in Tothlll-llelds roaill Justes were holden
by the space of eight dales together."
On the 15th of August. 1274, Edward I
and his Qurcn. Eleanor, were crowned at
Westminster by the Archbishop of Can
terbury, aided by other prelates.
Holinshed adds some remarkable par
ticulars of this coronation:
"At this coronation were present Alex
ander king of Scots, and John earle of
Bretaino, with their wives that were sis
ters to King Kdward. The king of Scots
did homage unto Kin?? Kdward for the
realme of Scotland, In like manner as
other the kings of Scotland before him
had doone to other kings of England, an
cestoures to this King Edward. At the
solemnitie of this coronation there were
let go at Hbertie (catch them that catch
might) five hundred great horses by the
king of Scots, the earles of Cornewall,
Gloc«\ster. Pembroke, Warren and others,
as they were allighted from their backs."
EDWARD II.
Edward II and his Queen were crowned
at Westminster on the 21th of February.
Holinshed informs x us: "There was such
pressp and throng at the coronation that
a knight, called Sir John Bakewell, was
thrust or crowded to death." The Bish
ops were incommoded and forced to hur
ry through the service in a slovenly man
ner, and yet it was not concluded before
3 in the afternoon. -•'
EDWARD III.
On the deposition of Edward II h*3 son.
Prince Edward, was brought to a. gen
eral assembly of the nobles and clergy
in the abbey church at Westminster, on
the 20th January, 13*^7. and Walter Rey
nold exhorted all present to choose the
young Prince as their sovereign. All as
sented, but the Prince himself declared
that he would not accept the crown until
it had been voluntarily resigned by his
father.
A remarkable coronation medal was
struck on this occasion; on on© side the
young Prince was represented crowned,
laying his scepter on a heap of hearts,
with the motto, "Populo dat -Jura vo
lonti" (Mo gives laws to a willing people);
and on the other was a hand held out to
save a falling crown, with the motto,
"Non raplt, sed reclplt" (He seizes not,
but receives).
RICHARD II.
The coronation of this King -was more
magnificent than any of the preceding.
The procession of the King from the
Tower of London is thus described by
Holinshed:
"The citle was adorned In all sorts
most richlle. The water conduits ran
with wine for the space of three hours
together. In the upper end of Cheapo was
a certain castell, made with foure towers;
out of which castell, on two sides of It,
ran forth wine abundantly. In the tow
ers were placed four beautiful virgins, in
stature and age like to the king-, appar
elled in white vesture. In every tower
one, the which blew in the king's face, at
his aproaching near to them, leaves of
gold; and as he approached also they
threw on him and his horse counterfeit
florins of gold. When he was come be
fore the castell they "took cups of gold,
and filling- them with wine at the spouts
of the castell, presented the same to the
kin? and his nobles. On the top of the
castell, betwixt the four towers, stood a
golden angell, holding a crown in his
hands,' which was so contrived that when
the king came her bowed down and of
fered to him the crowne. In the midst of
the king's pallace was a marble pillar,
raised hollow upon steps, on the top
whereof was a great gilt eagle placed un
der whose feet in the chapiter'of the pil
lar divers kinds of wine came gushing:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
THE CORONATION OF ENGLAND'S KINGS AND QUEENSThe ampulla, which contains the holy
oil,' Is in the form of an eagle, with tfio
wings expanded, standing on a pedestal,
all of pure gold, finely chased. The head
unscrews at the middle ot tho neck for
the convenience of putting in the oil, and
the vessel being entirely hollow, it is
poured out into the spoon through the
point of the beak. The weight of tho
whole is nearly eight or ten ounces, and
the cavity of the body is capable of con
taining about six ounces. The anointing
spoon is likewise of pure gold, with four
pearls set in the broadest part of handle;
the bowl of the spoon is, finely chased
both within* and without, and by Its ex
treme thinness it appears to be very an
cient.
SPOON.
with the rest of the regalia, It was ?acrl
leglously carried away. It is a very rich
imperial crown, embellished with pearls
and precious etones of various kinds, as
diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires,
with a mound of gold on the top of it, en
circled with a band of the same, embel
lished also with precious stones; and upon
the mound a cross of gold decorated tin
a similar manner, having three very large
oval pearls, one at the top of the cross
and two others pendant at the sides of it.
This crown is composed, as all thoso of
Knsrland are, of four crosses and as many
fleur-de-lis upon a rim or circle of gold,
all embellished with precious stones, from
the tops of which crosses arise four cir
cular bars or arches, which mfet at the
top, and at the intersection is the pedestal
whereon is fixed the mound. The cap
within the crown in of purple velvet lined
with white taffeta and turned up with
ermine, thickly powdered. In three row*.
THE AMPULLA AND ANOINTING
The pword of Ftatc. which Is a largo
two-handed sword, having a splendid
scabbard of crimson velvet, decorated
with gold flal 03 of the royal badges, in
crtfer as follows: Up 'at the point is the
«5Tb cr mound, then the royal crest of a
lion fitandins on an Imperial crown; lower
down are a portcullis, harp, thistle, fleur
•Cc-lip and rose; near the hilt is the port
irullis repeated; next are the royal arms
and supporters, and, lastly, the harp, this
tle, etc., occur over again. The other side
cf the scabbard is exactly the same. The
handle and pommel cf the sword are era-.
bocsed with similar devices in pllver gilt;
»' rne cross ie formed of tbt royal sup-
the lion and uuicorn, having a
•tones ecfl a large tsb!s diamond In the
center. . ¦
The Fwora of Justices of the temporal
ity, or third pword, is fharp- pointed; the.
length of the handle is four Inches, the
pommel an inch ar.d three-quarters, and
the cross peven Inches and a half; the
Fcabbard In all rerpects is like the two
former. W; •
Curtoma. or the pointier* pword. rcp^
reserving tho sv.ord of mercy, is th» prin
cipal dignity of three swords whi<-h are
borne naked before the k!ngs at the cor
onation. It Is a broad bright 6 word, of
which the length of the blade 1* thirty
two Inches, the breadth almost twr>
Inches-; the handle, which is covered with
fine gold wire, is four inches long, and
the pommel an inch and three-quarters,
w-McjC with the cross, is plain steel gMt.
The length of the cross Is almoFt eight
inches. The scabbard belonging to it is
covered with a rich brocaded cloth of tis
sue, with gilt ornaments.
ALL OF ENGLAND'S MONARCHS
rose within a lnurol between them on one
fide ar.d a fleur-de-lis, encircled in the
same manner, on the other.
The Kinz's scoptcr with "the dove is a
scepter of gold, in length three feet seven
inches, three ir.rhes in circumference at
the handle and two inches and a quarter
around the top. The pommel is decorated
with a circle or fillet of table diamonds.
and in several places with precious stones
of all sorts, and the mound at the top Is
embellished with a band or fillet of rose
diamonds. Upon the mound is a small
Jerusalem cross, wherein is fixed a dove
with wlr.gs expanded, as the emblem of
mercy.
The orb. mound or globe is a ball of gold
of six Inches diameter, encompassed with
a band of the same, embellished with
roses of diamonds encircling other prec
ious stones and edged about with pearl.
On the top is a very large amethyst, of a
violet or purple color, nearly an Inch and
a half in height, of an oval form, and
which being encompassed with four silver
wires becomes tne pedestal of a splen
did cross of gold of three inches and a
quarter in height and three inches in
breadth, set very close with diamonds,
having in the middle a sapphire on one
tide and an emerald on the other. It Is
also embellished with four large pearls
In the angles of the cross, near the cen
ter, and throe more at the ends of it.
The whole height of the orb and cross is
eleven in«hesj
The first and principal diadem, denom
inated St. Edward's crown, with which
his Majesty la invested, is so called in
commemoration of the ancient one, which
was kept in Westminster Abbey till th«
beginning of the great rebellion, ' when.
rV|7 TKOLA TESLA has come to the
|n front with another wonderful in
li U ventlon. Having opened telegraphic
and heliographic communication
with Mars, Tesla is now re,ady to furnish
the world with a new energy which ho
calls "Impressed force," or "every man
his own earthquake." According to Tesla's
description this "impressed force" is
something weird. He says:
"My experiments iri electrical and me
chanical vibration have impressed me
deeply with the tremendous possibilities
of Impressed force. With a small engine,
capable of pressing a piston baCk and
forth with a force of but two pounds,* I
have set an entire block of modern build
ings, by careful attunement. Into such a
violent swaying that people rushed out
affrighted. Within impressed force of
only a fraction of a pound I have caused
steel rings of several square lnrhei cro?s
section, capable of supporting several
hundred tons, to vibrate and form loons,
like thin piano wires, until they finally
broke."
Clearly Mr. Tesla has the world at his
mercy. If. "with a small engine capable
of pressing a piston back nnd forth with
a force of but two pounds." he can shake
solid blocks of buildings in this manner,
what is to prevent him some morning when
VALENTINES SEEM NOT OUT OF DATE.
|7 N place of .going out . of date, valen
tines are gaining in popularity," said
ii a manufacturer of these conceits. "We
don't lil^» to make any show of sent!- •
rnent in this practical age. so the old
fashioned, foolishly sweet affairs are not.
used.. No longer may the too bashful
swain get behind good St. Valentine to
make a declaration of love.
"Neither Is It good form to make It a
spite day. The comic valentine, when the
Joke la kind. Is all right, but when one is
sent that Is insulting and personal It goes
against the spirit of the day.
"The once popular lace-trimmed valen
tines are a thing; of the past. Children
have taken possession of these. ; The lover
now sends his lady fair an offering of
flowers, bonbons, fruit', a book,* a picture
or any dainty holiday gift. Where an en
gagement exists often a piece of jewelry
is sent.
"It is considered better taste not to put
any. card on valentine gifts. The Identity
of the sender should be shrouded In doubt.
This adds piquancy to tha occasion. Of
course the woman in the case is usually
a good guesser.
"There Is only one time-honored way to
send any card or comic velentin**. and
that is to have it slipped under the door
on St. Valentine eve. It must not under
any circumstances be Intrusted to Uncle
Sam. and have the prosaic adornment of a
. postage stamp unless the sender lives at
a distance. Then It is pardonable because
Unavoidable, but a part of the flavor Is
lost when it haw to come through such a
channel. Even flowers and candy are left
on the doorstep by a messenger boy, who
runs away In the friendly darkness and
watches from a. distance to see that the
offering is taken in.
"The etiquette of valentines decrees that
no woman shall make a present to eveu,
her dearest female friend on this day.
nor must a man give anything to another
man. .This does not apply to comic valen
tines, but to presents of any description.
It is a. day sacred to lovers, and no one
else must trespass on their privileges.
Neither does a woman remember a man
friend with even the most trifling nouve
nir. There is no hint of leap year prerog
atives in this old-faahloned day."
he feels disgruntled with the world from
bringing the whole world In ruins about
the ears of its inhabitants? With his "Im
pressed force of only a fraction of a
pound" he could -twist the Brooklyn bridge
into a broken mass of. steel.
Continuing his interview In the Western
Electrician, Mr. Tesla says:
"In electrical vibration I have frequent
ly obtained results even more wonderful.
The tunins of electric circuits la becom
ing more and more important with th»
advancement of arts and refinement of
methods. The layman can have but a
vague idea of what can be accomplished
in this line by men possessed of knowledge
and skill. As to the former. It la acquired
easily enough. The principles are very
simple and do not require an exceptlonallr
high scientific training. Perhaps th»
clearest expositions have been given by
j Dr. Oliver Lodg* and Professor Pupln.
The latter particularly was fortunat* la
dealing with the subject, and a beginner
can nnd no better source of information.
"But the skill is not acquired as quickly
or as easily as the knowledge of ths sim
ple printiplea. It comes slowly, requires
great patience and untiring application.
Owing to this fact, of necessity but few
are proficient in the art to-day. This is
the reason why the greater part of con
temporaneous literature on the subject ts
pervaded. with th« grossest errors, ilany
experimenter:-* do not seem to reallza that
an elettricat system cannot vibrate
through an imperfect contact or path of
i high resistance. SUI1 many more overlook
the r.e«'cj*«Ity of phicing th>« excited system
in a rendition permitting- free oscillation,
yet everybody knows that If he grins a
spring lirmiy arid pushes it back and
forth It cannot perform Its own vibrations.
Similarly, an exc-ited "'-ctrical ¦ystem, as
the secondary of a transformer, cannot
ottclllHto freely If the exclttnr primary
circuit la linked closely with It."
Nicola Tesla's Earthquake Machine.
"Never did we hear louder" or mor#
hearty plaudits, that almost rent th«
walls of the old abbey, setting at naught
all etiquette and ceremony, than those,
which burst from the lips and hearts of
her attached and loyal people, when tha
crown was placed en the head of their
young and lovely sovereign."
There was a dofiln? of caps, a aoundlns
of trumpet?, a beating of drums, a firing
of guns. The old report says:
After elaborate services followed tha
permon by the Bishop of London, then
came tho oath and the anointing. Then
there wero further ceremonies of th.s
spurs, the sword, the mantle, the orb. rlns
and scepter*, and at last came the dean
of Westminster bearing the crown. Tho
Archbishop took and placed it on her
Majesty's head, when tho people, with
loud and repeated, ehouts, cried: "God
save the Queen."
The Queen, attended, passed to th«
altar. Hfr Majesty, kneeling upon tha
cushion, made her first offering of a pail
cf altar-cloth of gold, which was deliv
ered by an Officer of the Wardrobe to
the Lord Chamberlain, by his Lordship
to the Lord Great Chamberlain, and by
Mm to the Queen, who. delivered It to the
Archbishop of Canterbury, by whom 1:
was placed on the altar.
t-wo footmen at each floor. Endleas
grooms and guards attended tfee long pro
cession. It was as splendid as befitted
the rejoicing of the people over & corona
tion, that made them happier than any
since the time of Alfred.
The London Sun of the 2Sth reported
that:
The state coach was drawn by eight
cream-colored horses and attended by a
yeoman of the guard at each wheel and
It was not until half-past 10 that her
Majesty's carriage passed Apsley House.
It moved on amid the loud acclamations
of her subjects.
By 4 o'clock tho streets were so thronged
with carriages and pedestrians that they
were in many places Impassable and the
whole population seemed to have poured
out In the direction of the parks and of
Westminster Abbey.
At seventeen minutes past 3 on the
morning of June 2?, 1S38, a royal salute of
twenty-one guns announced that the sun
was then rising upon the coronation day
of Victoria.
VICTORIA.
The arrangements for the coronation
of .William IV and- Queen Adelaide were
a compromise between economy and pa.
rade. The procession from the Hall to
the Abbey and the coronation feast In the
Hall were omitted. The popular enthu
siasm was greater, however', than on any
former occasion. The new entrance to
St. James Park was opened for the first
time, and In the evening tho metropolis
was universally Illuminated. The very
lanes and alleys tenanted by the poor
classes were lighted to testify the loyal
affection of even th« humblest for "the
sailor King.".
WILLIAM IV.
the challenge of the champion, which ii
now not only unmeaning but Illegal; for
It is directly contrary to the statute
abolishing wager of battle In all cases
whatsoever
But, 'in truth, the ' only Interesting
spectacle connected with this feast was
"The box assigned to the foreign embas
sadors presented a most brilliant effect,
and was perfectly In a blaze with dia
monds. When tho sunshine lighted on
Prince Estcrhazy, in particular, he glim
mered like a galaxy. An honest Persian
was also a remarkable figure, from fcne
dogged and impenetrable gravity with
which he looked on the whole scene, with
out ever moving a limb or muscle during
the space of four hours. Like Sir Wilful
Witwoud, I cannot find that your Persian
Is orthodox, for If ho scorned everything
else there was a Mohammedan paradise
extended on hia right hand along the
seats which were occupied by the peer
esses and their daughters, which' the
prophet himself might have looked on
with emotion."
"The effect of the scene in the Abbey
was beyond measure magnificent. The
altar surrounded by tho fathers of the
church— the King encircled by the no
bility of the land and the councilors of
his throne, and by warriors, wearing the
honored marks of distinction bought by
many a glorious danger — add to this the
rich spectacle of the aisles crowded with
waving plumage and coronets, and caps
of honor, and the sun. which brightened
and saddened as if on purpose, now beam
ing in full luster on the rich and varied
assemblage, and now darting, a solitary
ray, which catched, as It passed', the glit
tering folds of a banner, or the edge of a
group of battle-axes or partizans, and
then rested full on some fair form 'the
cynosure of neighboring eyes,* whose cir
clet of diamonds glistened under its in
fluence. Imagine all this, and then tell
me If I have made my journey of four
hundred miles to little purpose.
The account of this coronation given by
Sir Walter Scott is so graphic and lively
that we think It will gratify our readers
to insert an abridgment of It.
During the coronation feast the King
acknowledged the different sen-ices per
formed according to ancient usage very
graciously, save only when tho cup of
wine was presented by the Lord Mayor
and citizens of London. His Majesty
treated these gentlemen with marked
coolness, and did not acknowledge their
service by any salutation.
A special act of Parliament was passed
to enable the Duke of Norfolk, who was
a Roman Catholic, to perform the func
tions of earl marshal on the day of the
coronation. He also, \ as premier peer of
England, returned thanks for the sover
eign when the King's health was toasted
by. tho peers;
The coronation of George IV, which
took place on July 13. 1S21. was the most
splendid ever celebrated In. England.
GEORGE IV,
When the *¦ champion cast down his
gauntlet for the last time, a white glove
fell from one of the spectators, who was
in an elevated situation. On its being
handed to the champion he demanded,
"Who was his fair foe?" The glove was
to have been thrown by the Young
Chevalier, who wa3 present in femal at
tire.
whom I should expect to see here.' 'It
was curiosity that led me,' said the other;
'but, I assure you,' added he. 'that the
person wh«i Is the cause of all. the pomp
and magnificence is the man I envy the
leastl' "
In the Gentleman's Magazine for 1764
(page 28) Is an extract from a letter ad
dressed'to the Duke of Devonshire,. which
contains the following singular anecdote:
"The Young Pretender" himself was in
Westminster. Hall during the coronation,
and in town two or three days before and
after it, under the name of Mr. Brown. A
gentleman told me so who saw him there,
and who whispered in his ear, 'Your
royal Highness Is the last of all mortals
George III and Queen Charlotte were
crowned the 22d of September, 1761. •
GEORGE III.
GeorKft II nnd Queen Caroline -were
crowned on October 11, 1727, . with the
usual solemnities, but nothing occurred
to Rive any variety or Interest to the
scene.
George I was crowned at Westminster
October 20. 171 i, with the usual solemni
ties. The King did not understand Eng
lish, and few of those around him could
speak German, en that the ceremonies
had to be explained to his Majesty in
such Latin as those near him could com
mand; this gave rise to th* popular Jest
that much bad language hnd passed be
tween the King and his Ministers on the
day of the coronation.
, GEORGE II.
GEORGE I.
Anne was crowned April 23, 1702; her
husband, Prince George of Denmark, wa.s
present, but took no prominent part In
tho ceremony. The Queen gave the ktes
of peace to tho Archbishop and the
other prelates: but when the temporal
peers did their homage they only seeming
ly kissed her Majesty's left cheek. As
Parliament was sitting galleries were
provided for members of the House of
Commons, both, in the Hall and the Ab
bey, and A sumptuous dinner was pre
pared for them In the Exchequer Cham
ber.
ANNE.
For the first time in England both tno
King and Queen were crowned as sover
eigns. The ceremonial was very stately
and cold; It took place on the 11th of
April, 1689. the Bishop of London officiat
ing instead of the Archbishop of Canter
bury (Sancroft), who scrupled to place
the crown upon the. head of sovereigns
who claimed It by a parliamentary
and not by hereditary descent, and what
he called divine right.
WILLIAM AND MART.
James' coronation, April 23. 16K3, was
celebrated with so much splendor that It
rendered him for a considerable tipie pop
ular In London. The most remarkable
anecdote connected with the solemnity is
that, on the King's return from the ab
bey, the crown tottered upon his head,
and would hav« fallen off had not the
Hon. Henry Sidney supported It, saying.
"This is not the first time our family have
supported the crown."
"When the ceremony was concluded
"the minister spoke to him a word of ex
hortation"—that is to say, a long oration,
scarcely less offensive than the sermon.
JAMES If.
Charles II, having been Invited to Scot
land by the Presbyterians, was crowned
at Scone, January 1, 1651. On .ihis occa
plon a most "extraordinary sermon was
preached by "Master Robert Dowglas,
minister at Edinburgh, moderator of the
General Assembly, from 2 Kings xl.
Verses 12-17." The preacher delivered a
fierce philippic against the young King's
father and mother, the latter of whom
he compared to the wicked Athallah.
CHARLES II.
In the year 1632 Charles I went to be
crowned King of Scotland at Edinburgh.
He was received with great splendor, and
several pageants were prepared to honor
his reception. The most singular was a
triumphal arch, under which a mountain
was raised in the form of a theater,
upon which sat a nymph, representing
the genius of tho clty« of Edinburgh^
"Shee was attired in a soa greene velvet
mantle; her sleeves and under roabe of
blew tissue, with blew buskins on her
feete; about her necke shee wore a
chaine of diamonds; the dressing of her
head represented a castle with turrets;
her locks dangled upon her shoulders."
Rhe^was attended by Religion, "all in
white taffeta, with a blew mantle seeded
with starrer,- and a crown of stones on
her head, to shew from whence she is,"
leaning upon a shield, and trampling be
neath her feet Superstition, represented
as a blind old woman, covered with rag?.
On the left hand stood Justice, In "a red
damaske mantle," trampling upon Op
pression, represented as "a person of
fierce acpecte, in armes, but broken all
and scattered."
The coronation of Charles I was delayed
until the 5th of February; 1G26, in conse
quence of the plague, which then reigned
In London. The principal novelty was tlie
introduction of v the following clause in
one of his prayers: "Let him obtain fa
vor for thy people, like Aaron in the tab
ernacle, Kllsha in the waters. Zacharias
in the temple. Give him Peter's key of
discipline and Paul's doctrine." , »'V
CHARLES I,
The ceremonial for the coronation of
James I was prepared under th« superin
tendence of that monarch, and displayed
many marks of the pedantry and extrav
agant notions of the roynl prerogative.
which form so large a portion of his char
acter. He created two Karls. ten Barons,
sixty-two Knights of the Bath, and con
ferred the honor of knighthood on about
400 gentlemen.
JAMES I.
Even so was I overwhelmed, and only
by thee delivered. To thee, therefore,
onelle be thanks, honor and praise foi>
ever. Amen."
HEXRT VI IT
Henry VI TI was extremely fend of pa-
Henry VII was crowned October 20, 14SS.
sr.d his Queen. PZliznbeth, October SO,
3«S7. The latter was remarkable for the
procession by water from the palace of
Greenwich to the Tower, Instead of from
Westminster, as was usual. The Queen
was escorted by the Lord Mayor. Sher
iffs, and the heads of the different com
panies In their state barges, richly orna
mented with silken pennons and stream
ers..a.Tid also with the banners of the dif
ferent trades, on which their arms were
embroidered in golH. One of these barges,
called the. bachelors?' barge, contained an
fx~ r»»or<3inary pageant, an enormous red
dregon. which spouted Fireams of fire
Into the Thames. When the Queen rode
through the city on the following day
choirs of children dressed as angels were
ftatloned In different plnces, who sang
hymr.s ar.d sontrs as pr.e passed by.
HEN'RY VII.
PJ'-hard III and his Queen. Anne,
r.a^cht^r to th« Karl of Warwick, were
crr>ned on'the 6th of July, 34S3. "with th£
f l 15<» fame provisions," pays Grafton.
"that was appointed for the coronation
cf his nephew." The King and Queen re
ceived the pacrament from the hands of
the Cardinal -Archbishop of Canterbury,
and one host, or consecrated wafer, was
dividod between them.
Preparations were made for the corona
tion r>{ Edward V. but the B.trons and
Oommor.s refused to accept any of th*
late Kir.g's sons as their sovereign, and
tendered the crown to Tllchard, Duke of
Gloucester.
RICHARD III.
EDWARD V.
th«> form* of a popular election. Imme
diately after his victory over Henry VI
he came to Ixmdon and returned thanks
I • dod at St. Paul's Church. He was
thm conducted in solemn procession Xn
Westminister and placed on the King's
Hench, In the Hall, which was filled with
people. It was th»n demanded of the
< 'irnmons whether they would accept this
Prince to be their sovereign, to which all
asrented. H» was crowned by Archbishop
Bpuehter. June r». 34€1.
gepntry. and he was particularly anxious
about the ceremonials of his coronation.
The, Londoners seconded his desires, and
when, after having created twenty-four
[tnlghta of the Hath, he rode through
London from the Tower, June 22. 1509, the
streets were hung with tapestry and
cloth of arras, and a groat part of the
pnuth side of Cheap and part of Corn
hill were hung with cloth of gold. .The
seveTaJ companies and civic dignitaries
lined tho streets, and Hall tells us: "The
goldsmiths' stalls unto tho end of the Old
Change, being replenished with virgins in
white, with branches of white wax; the
pricstes and clearkes tn rich copes, with
crosses end censers of silver, censing his
grace and the qucene also as they passed.
The queene Katlierlne was sitting in hir
litter, borne by two white palfries. the
litter covered and richlie apparelled, and
the palfries trapped In white cloth of
gold: hir person aparelled in white
satin lznbroidered, hir hair hanging
down© to hir backe, beautlfull and goodlio
to behold, and on her head a coronall set
with manle rich orient stones."
The coronation was celebrated with
brilliant "justs and turneles." which tho
King and Queen witnessed from "a fairc
house covered with tapestrie."
EDWARD VI.
Edward VI was crowned February 20,'
3546. "He rodo through London Into
Westminister," says Holinshed, "with as
great rolaltlo as might be, the Btrccts be
ing hung, and pageants In divers places
erected, to testifle the good willes of the
citizens Ab he passed on the
south part of Paule's churchyard an Ar
gosine carae from the battlements of
Paule'e church upon a cable, being made
fast to an anchor by the deane's gate lielng
his breast,, aiding hlmselfe neither with
hand r.or foot, and after ascended to the
mlddest of the cable, where he tumbled
and rlaled many prettie tolls, .whereat
the king and the nobles had good pas
time."
At this coronation, when the three
¦words, for the threo kingdoms, were
brought to be carried before him . the
King observed that there was yet one
"O Lord Almlghtle and Everlasting
God, I give thee most heartle thanks that
thou hast beeno so merciful Into me, as
to Bpar© mo to behold this Joifull dale.
And I acknowledge that thou has delt as
¦wonderfullie and as mercilefullie with me
as thou didst with thy true and faithful
servant Danlell, thy prophet, whome thou
dcllveredeBt out of the den from the
crueltie of tho greedy and roaring lions.
She was crowned the 5th of January.
1555, by Oglethorpe, Bishop of Carlisle,
tho see of Canterbury being vacant by
the death of Cardinal Pole. Holinshed
Bays that she composed the following
prayer as she went to her coronation:
Speed's account of the procession of
Queen Elizabeth contains some particu
lars' too remarkable to bo omitted. "All
things in readiness, upon the fourteenth
of January, with great triumphen and
suptuous shewes, shee passed thorow
I^ondon, towards "Westminster, to re
ceive her lmperiall crowne; but before
shVo entered her chariot In the Tower,
acknowledging that the Beat was God's
Into which shee was to enter, and shew
his vicereEent to wield the English scep
tre: in that royall assembly, with eyes
and hands elevated to heaven, upon her
knees, she prayed for his assltance, as
Solomon did for wlsdome when he tooke
the like charge: with a thankful remem
brance unto God for his continued pres
ervation, which had brought her thorow
great dangers unto that present dignltle."
ELIZABETH.
The conduits ran with wine, and when
the civic authorities received tho Queen
at Cheape the chamberlain presented her
with a purse of tissue containing a thou
sand marks in gold.
Among the city pageants the most re
markable was that of St. Paul's Cath
cdial, thus described by Holinshed:
"There was one Peter, a Dutchman, that
stood on the weathercock or Paule'n
Eteeple, holding a streamer in his hand
of five yards long, and waiving thereof,
stood sometimes on the one foot and
snooke the other, and then kneeled on his
knees, to the great marvell of all people.
Up had made two scaffolds under him.
one about the crosse. having torches and
streamers pet on" it, and another over the
ball of the crosse, likewise set with
streamers and torches, which could not
burn, the wind was so great. The said
Peter had sixteen pounds, thirteen shil
lings, four pense for his costes, and
palnes. and aJl his stuffe."
Mary, the first female sovereign of this
realm, was crowned on the 1st of Octo
ber, 1553. by Stephen Gardiner, Bishop ol
Winchester, the Archbishops of York
and Canterbury being then prisoners In
the Tower. On the last day of September
she went In state from the Tower to
Westminster In an open chariot, drawn
by six horses, covered with cloth of tis
sue. In a Second chariot came the Prin
cess Elizabeth and tho I,ady Anne of
Cleves; the ladles In waiting rode upon
hcrscs covered with trappings of crim
son velvet and satin. Three pageants
were erected In Fenchurch street by the
Genoese, Kastorling and Florentine mer
chants.
QUEEN MARY,
missing. "That," said he "Is the sword
of the spirit, and ought In all right to
govern us. who use these for the people's
safety, by God's appointment. Without
that sword we are nothing; we can do
nothing- From that we are what wo are
this day. . . . . we receive whatsoever
It Is that we at this present do assume.
Under that we ought to live, to fight, to
Rovern the people, and to perform all our
affairs. From that alone we obtain all
power, virtue, grace, salvation, and what
soever we have of divine strength."
THE SUNDAY CAL.L.
7CURIOUS ORIGIN AND VARIETY OF
MEANINGS OF "HODGE PODGE"
FEW words in the English language
have such a Variety' of meanings
and spellings as . hotch-potch.
Hotch-potch, notch-podge, hotch
pot, hodge-pocch, hodge-podge, hodge
pot, and every other conceivable combina
tion of the syllables contained in those
words may be found In literature and
heard In conversation.
Nowadays, it is chiefly used by children
to designate a game which they play on
the sidewalk, on which Is roughly drawn
in chalk the required form. The game Is
quite popular In New York, and 'on a
summers day, there is hardly a block
withoutLlts hodge-podge game, the chalk
marks used in them remaining until the
rain washes. them off.
The word3 hodge podge are also used
by the Scotch to denote a certain kind of
pudding - made up of numerous kinds of
ingredients.
But the words are really of legal origin.
In olden times it was the custom of a
father to give a daughter a portion of his
estate fpr her "advancement in marriage."
If\ upon his death, he left the rest of his
estate to his children proportionately, the
one .to whom the marriage. portion had
nanas for the sickroom that there was a
division of opinion In Mulberry street as
to whether, he was cheering his- friend's
finale with. fruit or . endeavoring to com
plicate consumption with* other* Ills.
At last he swallowed his last flagon of
Chianti, and though Little Italy made a
decent pretense of sorrow, It was really
en fete— at last the $800 was to be drawn!
I was in the bank. when , the principals, in
their holiday 'clothes "and with a few
chosen friends, arrived. They'stated the
case and asked for- the amount, from
which the pushcart man was to receive
some $40 for fruit, the wine seller $100 and
the others various sums invested for the
invalid and his funeral, leaving some $350
as the "dividend." I need not describe the
small-sized riot that- followed when the
abstraction of the pages from one side of
the book was explained to the swearing
mourners and a tender was made to them
of the ?15, all that the deceased had In
bank. ; 'av?-::
An Estimate of the Future Tremendou s Output of
Coal Mines in the United States.
THE British coal output having now
reached, a total of 220,000,000 gross
tons, from an area of about ; 8000
square miles, the opinion Is preva
lent that the maximum output of that
country Is within sight. This being the
case, the question naturally arises,, . How
does the ¦ situation In the United .States
compare with this, and what will be. our
maximum tonnage? Our coal areas of
the United States comprise upward, of
150,000 square miles, so that so . far - as
area Is concerned we have fifteen times
as much coal lands as. Great. Britain, and
the Impression might prevail that in due
time the United States might produce ten
times, at least, as much coal.. Yet. this
is subject to marked modification, al
though thirty-five years ago the total
' • -. /; "• -r -¦ •¦•,
coal production of the United States did
not exceed 25,000,000 tons and to-day it is
at the rate of 230,000,000 tons per annum.
Pennsylvania now produces at the rate of
135.000,000 tors per annum. It ' is .very
doubtful if the output will ever be more
than twice as much as it is now. or let
US-say, 300,000,000 tons. Illinois, too,' has
an ultimate output ; of 60,000,000 tons, or
two and a half times the present tonnage.
West Virginia may in time produce
three times Its present output. For Ohio
a" total output of 35,000,000 is all that can
be expected. Alabama we shall "enter fas
70.000,000 tons.: Indiana may produce 10,
000,000 tons .fifty or seventy-five years
hence,, but at that time' Maryland may
be worked out, or nearly so, and * if we
continue' that State at 'its present figure
we i shall • be generous. \ Let • us. put down
20.000,000 tons for Iowa and , the same ; for
Colorado. Kentucky will be a large pro-
ducer, and 15.000,000 tons may come thence.
Kansas "and Missouri will, probably not
increase so much: 10,000,000 for the two
is our estimate. Tennesseewill probably
produce as much as both, and so will Wy
oming. For Washington and Virginia we
may set ' down 6,000,000 tons each. The
Montana output may run up to the same
figure,' and the 'Indian Territory and Ar
kansas tonnages may reach 5.000.000 tons
apiece. New Mexico may produce 4,000,003
tons per annum in time, so also with
Texas and Utah.,; Michigan will proba
bly never exceed 2.000,000, and 1,000,000 for
Georgia is a liberal estimate. California,
North and South Dakota', Oregon, North
Carolina, Nebraska and Rhode Island may
allJbe jointly credited with a product - of
1,000,000 - tons. Here. - then, we have a
total of a 60,000.000 tons as the ultimate
maximum output o* th» coal mines of
the: United' States.' * '. ¦'•¦'• , ,
rubbing his hands. "This here sight
beats 'East Lynne* and 'Uncle Tom's
Cabin* all holler. I wouldn't of b'llftved
It If I hadn't seen It. I'm going out there
and get acquainted."
He had taken a step toward the stage
when the Bad Boy. overcoming with an
effort his love of fun.- laid a restraining
hand on the old .man's shoulder and ad
vised him to wait till some time when
the audience didn't happen to be looking.
Then the Bad Boy left the old man to
his own devices and wandered off In
search of a friend. Before the Old Gro
ceryman could fairly recover his breath
at the sight of so much beauty the act
came to an end and the girls trooped oft
•yie, stage. As a bevy of girls passed near
where he steod the old man was so over
awed by the near approach of such a
galaxy of beauty that' he gasped out
aloud:
"My goodness, gracious me! I'm liable
to fall out of bed and wake up In a min
ute!" ' •
The girls turned as they heard his
Western accent and as they caught sight
of his gayly decked figure they set up a
perfect shout of amusement.
"Young ladles." remarked the Old
Groceryman. bowing as much as possible
after the style of a picture he had once
seen of "The Meeting Between Lafayette
and Martha Washington." and laying his
hand on his heart, "young ladies, you be
hold In roe a rich and wealthy Western
capitalist whose only object In life is
to spend -money In promotin* theatrical
ventures. I'm, here to send you all out
with companies of your own at fab'lous
salaries. Gee! but I'm rich. Why. I
reckon I mu3t be worth In all more'n—
more'n J3000." naming the largest sum ha
could for the moment Imagine.
A shriek of laughter from tha ctrts fol
lowed his words, and they flocked around
him In a crowd, one of them pulllnsr his
whiskers and telling him to say "Ba-a-a!"
while another annexed his two huga roses
and a third asked him If he hadn't better
give her the whole $3000 so the other girls
wouldn't feel too stuck up.
The Old Groceryman took all this chaf
fing good naturedly, thinking he'd made a
tremendous hit, and when one pretty girl
asked him for a lock of his whiskers as a
souvenir he answered gaJlantly:
"Why, to be sure, miss! Only you must
give me a kiss first."
•Sure. Rube!" laushed the girt, "only
you've got to catch me to get It." And
she flitted away with the other girls to
the dressing-room, where they had to
change their costumes In a hurry for th*
next act.
The Old Groceryman with outstretched
arms ran after her to claim, tha promised
kiss, but he lost sight of her a.t the first
turning and ran back and forth, peering
vainly into dark corners In search of her.
At last he spied In one dim nook, the flut
ter of a. dreaa. Kudhing un. be caugb:
hold of Its wearer, exclaiming, "Ah, you
giddy little thing! You couldn't hldei from
me." and kissed her twite.
"Do It again; 1 like that." mumbled a
voice, and as he drew his prize oat int.*
the light he saw she was not the chorus
girl he sought, but the aged, toothless
scrubwoman attached to tha theater.
"Hello, there!" cried the Bad Boy, ap
pearing suddenly. "Have you found your
rich, widow at last?"
"No, I ain't!" thundered th» Old Gro
;eryman in disgust, dropping the scrub
woman's arm and seizing tha Bad Boy.
"But the loveliest-Iookin' Kirl you eve
saw has promised me a kiss If I can only
find her. You just come along and help
me now."
And he started off again In his lore
quest, dragging the convulsed Bad Boy la
his > wake.
At last they cam» In sight of the itagi
again. The second act was on and th*
Old Groceryman spied his charmer slng-
Ing In the front row of tne chorus, and
with a wild whoop of triumph he rushe-i
out of the wings straight on to tha stags
toward her. dragging the mortified and
struggling Bad Boy and shouting:
"I've caught you! I've caught youl" as
with the Bad Boy still trailing along In
his' grasp he bore down upon t ho, amazed
girl. "And now I'm acoin' to havs that
there kiss you promised me."
Releasing the Bad Boy. who fell In *
heap In front of th» footlights. th« OKI
Groceryman flung both arms about th«
girl and planted a. loud, fervent. smacking
kiss on her lips.
There was & squeal from th» girl, m, howl
of delight from the audience and down
came the curtain with a rush.
Two minute* later— torn, disheveled and
breathless from contact with 'enraged
stage attendants— the old man and thai
Bad Boy faced each other In the street.
"Well." gasped the Old Grocerymaa
feebly, "I kissed her, anyhow!"
GEORGE W. PECK.
so proud of it all was h3 that he would
not hide the effect by wearing his over
coat, but carried it on his arm.
His high hat was little the worse for
wear, save that It had been Inadvertently
sat on two or three times, and it rode
Jauntily on one side of the wearer's head,
well toward the back.
As the two strolled up Broadway under
the flaring yellow electric signs and amid
tb*» duneor nt mM« cars and yells of
was descending from three carriages In
front of a playhouse.
"You're the Real Thing, all right!"
agreed the Bad Boy, patting his old friend
on the back, "and you're making the hit
of your life. See, there's a whole blockful
of people following us. It's like a day in
the country to them to" feast their eyes
on such a costume as yours."
"Excuse- me; sir," interposed a little,
hustling-looking man, wriggling up to the
bunko-steerer, why I'm ready to stuff one
of your own gold bricks right down your
throat, if—"
"No, "indeed, my dear sir," pleaded. the
little -man,' "I merely wished to ask
what terms you would consider as .a
suflicient ! inducement to wear. on your
backbone of our,dental posters and to
walk up and down dead way for one hour
with it?"
"Walt'." whispered the Bad Boy as the
door labeled "Stago Entrance." and there
they were confronted by^ a big man, who
asked what they wanted. *"
"Shall I tell him I'm this William
Faversham feller I read about?" whis
pered the Old Groceryman to the Bay
Boy, "or shall I just overpower him like
the hero of a story and rush past him?"
"No need to do either," laughed the
Bad Boy. handing the doorkeeper a note
from his friend the press agent, passing
came to a door which admitted them to a
big. dim: greasy-sme'.ling space filled with
dusty scenery. »
"Where's the behind-the-scenes placo
you was telling me about so much?"
asked the. Old Groceryman.. looking about
in disgust. ...
"Right here/V/fcnswered ,the Bad Boy,
leading the way to the wings' and wink
ins at amassing stagehand who had
commenced "When Reuben Cam* to
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CorjTijrbted. 1*01. by Pr*s» Publlfhlnr Com
rany. New York World.
f-. r HE Old Groceryman's ardor for seeing
' the town was somewhat dampened
I» by his experience at the Chinatown
theater, in the course of which he
had bpoom* smitten by the charms of a
Celestial actress, who turned out to dp a
man and who chaser] him out Into tTH
street and relieved him of a handful of
his cherished chin whiskers.
At first, -as ho brooded over his misfor
tunes, the Old Oroceryman felt Inclined
to blame the Ra<J Boy for the catastrophe,
but on mature deliberation he decided
that he had. only his own foolishness to
thank and at last .became reconciled to
his companion' ami smiled on him as «>f
yore.
Inuring the next two ilays. while the old
man was petting used t-i the lonesom*
feeling produced by the loss of so many
«{ his trhiskers and was battling agalnj-t
the serration caused by the chop suey and
I Tehee nuts he had eaten, and which were
roFtive and nnbappy arsons their new and
anti-Cclcstial surroundings, the Bad Boy
«a« unfailing in his attentio.-.s as nurr-e
and foxnfnrter lo his old friend and
seemed stricken by some mysterious re
morse.
Ore? or twice the Had Boy timidly sue
jrestetj some expedition, but the Old
Groderyman sternly vetoed them all, anl
paid he'd rather stay home and put hi*
feet up on the table and nibble away at
some crackers and moldy cheese, whicn
he produced from a far-off corner of his
carpet liag. ar.d which he said made him
almost imagine he was back !n the dear
gM grocery at home.
The Bad Boy. on seeing the old man
eating these home dainties, once said he
had m^ant to take the Old Grocerymafl
up to the Metropolitan Museum some day,
but that now the ancient Egyptian mum
mies and other antiquities would seem too
modern to them after that prehistoric
cheese.
At last the Old Groceryman began to
feel better, and the champagne-like nir
of New York again got Into his brain, po
when the Bad Boy said he had a friend
who was the press agent for the "Nora
core" company up at the Pinochle Thea
ter on Broadway, and that the press agent
would give them a note admitting them
behind the scenes some evening, the Old
Oroceryman showed strong signs of con
vajesccr.ee.
"Any rich girls or millionaires' widders
at rod) a place?" he asked cautiously.
"1-ots of them'." declared the Bad Bey.
"There are more pretty girls there in ora
minute than you'd see at home in seven
years."
"But maybe they won't care about mak
ing friends with me," Kald the OKI
Groceryman. and he looked as if he'd
like to be contradicted.
"Sure they will:" the Bad Boy declared.
'"And I'll tfll 'era you're a Western capi
taliFt who has retired from business an-J
¦wants to start half a dozen theatrical
companies and pay gilt-edged salaries." •
"That'll make 'em think I'm foolish,
won't it?" <iueri*xl the old man. dubiously.
"Ifll make them think you're an angel."
retorted the Bad Boy, but the Old Gro
icrymnn missed :he poini.
Then the Bad Eoy went on to explain
that ruch an announcement would make
the chorus girls and actresses flock
around the Old Groceryman like flies
around ore of the latter's own molasses
Jugs back in the old grocery, and told
him how jolly it was behind the scenes,
and how much it looked like fairyland
liecause there were lots and lots of
•fairies," and he'd be sure to "land" a
Jew. And then the Old Groceryman be
pan to wake up in earnest to the idea-
It was a little after 8 that evening when
the Bad Boy. in faultless evening dress,
convoyed the Old Groeeryman up Broad
way. The old man was clad In his trusty
dress suit (vintage of 'S3) and wore two
enormous American Beauty roses (at $1 50
apiece), one in each lapel. He had at first
bought a single enormous rose, but . he
¦thought that Rave him a lop-sided look,
end he bought a second rose for the other
elde of his coat.
His coattails had been damaged beyond
recall In his adventure at the Metropoli
tan Opera-house; so, in accordance with
h. suggestion of the Bad- Boy. he had
neatly sheared off the tails, shaving the
rough edges with his razor.
The Bad Boy had rapturously declared
that the result of this amateur tailoring
was the most fashionable and. unique
Tuxedo jacket In all New York.
On one point in the Old Groceryman's
attire the t wo bad quarreled, and the old
man bad won. He bad Insisted (In spite
of the Bad Boy's objections) that a plain
white shirt front looked too much like a
tombstone on a holiday, and had pur
chased on his own responsibility a glori
ously gaudy shirt whose purple bars al
ternated with stripes of vivid scarlet. This
he wore with conscious self-approval, and
This Man Died Luxuriously for
Fifteen Dollars Cash.
THE Italian colony of New Tork sup
plies this anecdote to a paper In the
February Century, entitled "Humor
• and Pathos of the Savings Bank":
An old Italian street vender, a con
sumptive, feeling; that his end was draw
ing near, prepared a scheme for ending
his days in comfort. Observe the origin
ality and delicacy of the scheme that he
successfully worked on Little Italy. He
had only $75 in the bank, and of this he
drew $70 and redeposited it In a few
ds«.ys. He drew it again, and again rede
posited it. continuing the operation at
brief intervals, until on the credit side of
his pass-book he had entries of all these
various sums footing up $VK), and on the
cpposlte page drafts to the amount of
about $785 — balance US. After carefully
cutting out the page showing the
amounts drawn, and leaving the long line
ot deposits, he took to his bed and called
In his friends. He was dying; they'could
tee that, the old man told them.
They were good fellows, and he loved
them all, and he wished Pedro, the ba
nana peddler, and good Giovanni, the
bootblack, and Arthur, the wine seller, to
know how affectionately . he retarded
them. What he had to leave them was
not much— would Edgardo, good old Ed
gardo, kindly find, between the mattress
and what used to be the springs, his bank
book? Yes, that was It. Take it to the
window and tell him how much was there.
Eight hundred? Ah, well, thanks to God
that it was so much; but, oh, that it were
more, for such good fellows as they!
Dottore Bartollo had told him that he
might live three months— till spring.
Would his good friends put back his book
under the mattress, and when he wfis
gone— no, they mustn't cry— would they
take it up to the bank, draw the amount
and divide it between them? Meanwhile,
as his lovin'g friends of the present, his
heirs In the future, would they kindly at
tend to his little wants?
; Would they? Did they? That old fellow
was fed on the fat of the land while he
lay there in bed. He drank more Chianti
In a week than he had swallowed In five
years. It was even hinted by some that
Arturo. the wine seller, was hastening the
end by the vile Chianti that he constantly
produced from his stock, while the push
cart man was so generous of unripe ba-
been grlven could not partldpat* In the
distribution unless she agreed to divide
the lands which she had previously ob
tained as her marriage portion In' equal
proportion with the rest of the lands de
scending:.
This was denominated, bringing: those
lands Into hotch-pot. If, however, she
thought that she would be the loser by to
doing, she could retain the lands she had
at first received intact.
Just why this custoBx received the name
of hotch-pot does not appear, but In an
old English textbook the following: ex
planation is found: "It seexneth that this
word hotch-pot Is7ln English a pudding;
for In a pudding is not commonly put on«
thing alone, but one thing with other
things together."
By this was meant that the marriage
portion and the lands subsequently de
scending should first be QxeTJ and blended
together and then equally divided among:
the sisters. The word hodge-podge Is now
most commonly used to designate any
kind of mixture, although what relation
that meaning of the word has to the gams
as played by our Anwriran children la not
very apparent.
The Cli Grocerjrnian With .Outstretched Arms Ran After Her to Claim; the. Promised 1 Kiss.
"Wuxtra!" the Old Groceryman's appear
ance caused a profound sensation among
the crowd of theater-goers who thronged
the sidewalks. < :
"I tell you these New Tork folks Is
qulcker'n scat to appreciate Fashion when
It appears in their midst!" chuckled the
old man, and he beamingly raised his hat
to an amazed th'eater party which In full
panoply of opera cloaks and crush hats
Old Groceryman, "but I represent a den
tal firm which extracts • teeth painlessly.
Crown, bridge and j;late work neatly ac
complished by correspondence.. Teeth filled
with cold, porcelain, platinum, cement,
fellveror admiration while you wait. Sent
In a plain sealed envelope." !
"Well, young man," said the Old Gro
ceryman. dubiously, "what's all that to
me? If you're Appetite William, the
Old Groceryman seemed about to tear the
advertising ' agent~ asunder. "He's only
joking. That's Edwin Booth, the great
actor. He's a notorious practical joker.
He makes It a rule only to try his 'Jokes
on fashionably dressed men. Come along
and don't mind himi Here's the Pinochle
Theater." '
They left Broadway and entered a side
street, where they stopped In front of a
the two Into the stage entrance. "Don't
Injure the poor fellow till 'we' try the
effects of. gentler measures first."/
•The doorkeeper read the note and with
a snicker at the profusely Illustrated old
man, which the latler^took to be compli
mentary, let them pass.. '
. . They walked along; u narrow, paved pas
sageway lighted only by a dim gasjet that
was shrouded In a wire cage, until they
Town."
¦ The first act, was on. and the chorus
filled the stage. A. young lady with Im
moral hair and shrill costume had Just
finished a ballad, and the chorus girl with
the strongest pull and the weakest voice
was proposing the health of the Marquis,
while a'supe filled fifty quart tankards
from a half-pint flagon. • '•"
"Gee!" murmured the Old Groceryman.
THE BAD BOY TAKES THE GROCERY
MAN BEHIND THE SCENES AT THE
PINOCHLE THEATER.THE SUNDAY CALL.
••vrlet. and felt at the moment the nails
of » the other hand near his eyes. For a
moment there was a hard struggle — the
woman fighting as folk only do when
there is life or death in it.
. Then Ruthlne turned over on his back,
having twisted the woman's arms behind
her. Close beside him as he swam a white
lifebuoy bobbed placidly in the water. It
was attached to a rope and kept pace with
his progress. The quartermaster on watch
on the main deck knew his business thor
oughly.
The woman scarcely struggled now,"; for
nhe was a close prisoner — her arms twist
ed behind her back, her head well up on
Ruthine's chest and free of the water. .
Her hair,, which had come adrift, was
spread all over Ruthine's face.
./•You are breaking my arms," she
gasped, and U13 voice was that of a lady.
"Can't help it," answered the rescuer,
mindful of the Mahanuddy's' reputation;.
The- .quartermaster had lowered', the
gangway, and knelt on the bottom grating
of it awaiting their arrival. . .-,
"Don't let her go," said Ruthlne. and
the woman was handed from one to the
other, in sullen helplessness. ¦
Port Eaid— on account, as it was under
stood by the passengers, of a hitch In
the supply of coal— but. in reality, to put
ashore the bodies of throe llremen who
had {'led of cholera in the canal. Thus
appears to bo confirmed the pact's absurd
notion, that things are not always what
they seem.
Ruthlne was returring to his cabin
about 2 in the morning, having been
put on board by the Board of Health boat
when he noticed that the door of the sec
ond-class saloon was oi>ert. He ran aft,
for he had caught sight of a shadowy
form hurrying Id that direction. Then ho
heard a splash. The quartermaster on
watch on the main deck heard it also and
ran toward the gangway.
"All right," whispered Ruthine. seizing
him by the arm. "I know where Bhe
v.-rnt over. Give me a rope over the stern.
1 shan't want a boat— and keen quiet."
He went over the rail just as he was,
and the sound of his fall was no louder
than that of a seal taking the water from
a low rock. The quartermaster's bullseye
lantern glared persistently on a gray
shadow stirring the water under the stern,
and Ruthine went there at the quick side
stroke. He had saved a Lascar in earlier
days, who in a laudable desire to render
all assistance had inserted three lingers
In his mouth, nearly tearing his cheek
open. So Mark Ruthlne approached • the
object of his present pursuit with caution.
She had sunk once, when he snatched at
her dress. As soon as hf* face was above
water sho struck at him savagely with
both hands.
"Let me go— let- me go!"' the woman
spluttered.
By way of answer Rutoine caDtured one
fold on ICaftern sr&f.
<~opyTi;rhi In the T'sited States of America
hy D. T. Pierce.
«=jv=J-*KPK -b-;.^ u tragedy or.a \n the
cabin of the Mahan-
H •¦'•<!<";>". than which no more popular
Steamer sa;]? from Ix»ndon to Bom
bay. It v.-irs. rn<.-r<xjvier. a real tragedy, as
ru<'h usually size la th«^ K**ccnd. -class places
ef t^e world. I-"or the possession of mon^y
frequently averts things that jro to make
life tr.-,si<— amor-s others, death. Mark
Kuihine bad his hand in it. for the
Mahnraddy's sursecn v.as In some sort
a m<jr:il supercarsu of the load of human
ity that the cood ship carried to jind fro
betwopu India and home.
It was. for instance, to Dr. Mark Ruth
ire that Mrs. Bweedon-Elll* appealed, and
on the s=urKery sofa that she .wept when
Orindtv.s Ponmrrow— that ereat. over
ivorkf<l, !1 wr-riddeii «.-ivilian— bribed th«j
Btevard to fdvc him a cup of mi!k every
morniRg from the yellow cow when the
small Bwe«don-E3IUl of ten monlhe, wt)o
had cmptjfd the cabfr:s on the forvard
starb'ard Hide, required all the yellow cow
rould giv? him. It was to Dr. Mark Ruth
!m* that Mrs. Jud^e Barrowby took her in
<3!gnam red face and self-righteous un
<haritabler.es:s, when the Honorable Miss
Johnson fell in love with youns Stanford
— wbo was "In tea" if you please — and was
not careful to conceal her misfortune. It
was. moreover, the doctor who told Grind
ing I'cntarrow that thf-re was something
wrong about the yellow cow's milk, and
conveyed to Mr? 1 . Judge Barrowby that
when Stanford had muttered audibly of
••iiiK-rferins old cats," he had referred to
lhat upstart Lady Smith, of Golden Gulch,
N. S. W.. and not to herself.
To Ruthine tin* steward? brought their
queer Ftnries, and wore told to hold their
torrues for the cood of the ship. For
there are pseudonyms on passengers' as
well a* publishers" lists, and society sends
her failures down to the Fea in for
r*«i>ons that no^d not be too minutely
<Jw*>!t upon. SufSce It to say that, what
with a warm climate— th« thirst acquired
there, the vices developed there, the dis
eases contracted there— the respectable
relatives at home are usually enabled to
pay later, "Ah. well, poor fellow, his con
stitution was much impaired before he
went." V"'
Dr. Ruthine. for reasons of his own,
took a deep interest in human nature as
rueh, and had certain methods of watch
ing o\or «ociety'a failures until, with a
F'.gh of relief, he raw them stumble down
the gangway at last. He was not only
charitably disposed toward tnem, but be
ing a wise man. had knowledge that there
Is often more good In society's tfailures
than In her successes.. Be that as Jt may.
however, the doctor averted several un- c
pleasant incidents, nnd the reputation of
the Mahanadd»y increused a thousand
told on K&ctern seas. ¦ * •-' :
It faappened on a homeward voyage that
'J~.<* steamer lay one night at anchor at
tn«? captain knocked at the door, and wan
admitted by Ruthine, who shot the bolt
again. . • ' :,
The captain of the Mahanaddy was a
small man. with a pointed gray beard and
thoughtful blue eyes of a quiet expression.
He was reported to possess great endur
ance and strength, and the eye of knowl
edge In such matters could scarcely fall
to notice the depth of his chest. He looked
at Mrs. Mallwaner, and. then at Ruthlne,
who was wiping his face with a handker
chief.
' "This lady has Just attempted to com
mit suicide," said the doctor, and he
handed Mrs. Mallwaner a towel.
•There were men in the forecastle who
averred, in the picturesque language of
thatpart of a vessel, that they would
rather perform three weeks' hard labor
tha'n<face the skipper's wrath. A few
explanations put this autocrat in posses
sion of the facts of the case and then the
captain of the Mahanaddy rose up in his
anger and fell on Mrs. Mallwaner. He ex
pounded to -her the law pertaining to at
tempted suicide and Mrs.' Mallwaner'3
pretty face turned rather gray. Then he
said other things in a, quiet voice that
niade her sob, and when he closed his
oration. . the little, lady was- shivering on
the sofa; But she had not told them why
she did it— nor yet could they extract
from her. a promise no£ to do the same
again. ¦ ' " ' ¦ . £¦'?*? s '
So Mrs. Mallwaner, who was traveling
alone, found herself transferred to a very
pleasant deck cabin of a central position,
and lighted bya skylight only. Thither,
in a marvellously short time, the head
stewardess 'brought her possessions , from
the second-class cabins. ¦- Theae • posses
sions were of a refined quality. The silver
fittings of her, dressing bag bore a crest.
Ruthine noted theso matters when he
visited ) the lady , professionally : the. . next
morning after breakfast, which" had been
served to her In' her new apartment. He
found her restless and more excited than
on ; the ¦' previous night. .Indeed, .^ sho
Feemed to watch his face with a breath
less 'anxioty. !" Her conversation,' however.
proved her to be indignant and defiant
still- ' • ...-•• .' .
-'.'The captain thinks," she said, "that he
can say anything to me because I am
traveling alone, and second class, but he
will tind out that, he is mistaken. My
husband is obliged m to remain, with his
regiment and I am traveling home second
class because my little girl has had a long
illness and must now undergo a most ex
pensive operation. In India. we know all
the best people, and 1 shall take care that
they hear of this affair."
"X hope," replied Ruthine, quietly, "thit
nothing we have said or done has ap
peared to convey that we ever had thw
slightest doubt of your social position.
Mis. Mallwaner." • ' • - -
The lady bit her lip and vouchsafed no
answer. So Ruthine continued:
"The captain begged me to renew. his
assurance that this matter shall be hel.l
In the strictest confidence by onrselvt:*
and the quartermaster— who alone know
of It— and that you will be set at fiberty
on giving your word of honor not to maki-,
any further attempt on your life." tr •
Ruthlne was-;agaln met by stubborn
silence, and presently withdrew. -'¦
In his own cabin ho found a woman
waiting to see him— a middle-aged person^
to be described by the word respectable — ".
who had the subdued manner of a hisb
class lady's maid.
"I wish to ..ask your advice, sir," she
said. .• . . . -
"Professional?"
"No, sir." , .
"Then I would suggest your going to the
captain. I am not a person in authority,'
you understand." ¦ ¦ * , ',
Which was true— up to a certain point
"It's only something I wish taken cara' f
of.," said the woman, with downcast' eyes.
VWell, the captain has a large safe in
his cabin'. I have onlv a small one here
and It is full. ' Come with me. please."
And the ex-lady's maid found hers^rf
morally hustle! into the captain's cabi-i
where that gray-haired mariner was mak
ing-entries in a private log book. ,<?¦:
"Good morning:" said the captain, in
his pleasant, brisk way. " "What can J do
for you?" - - .-.¦>! .
"If you please, .sir." said. the woman
with a hesitation she tried to conceal "I
have a packet 1' should like you to take
care of.". . ,.-¦'•. , ... ... .,,...
"Jewelry or valuables, I suppose?"/ '
And Mark Ruthlne" closed the door" with
his foot. ¦ — . ¦ - - - . ¦¦¦¦- • -
"Yes— sir." * ,
S "Which'" *
"My cabin," said Ruthlne. as the quar
termaster staggered up the steps with his
wet burden.
"The captain," he added, curtlyi when
the man had deposited his charge on the
doctor's sofa. The quartermaster went
away with his staring lamp and left' them
alone— in the dark for a moment, until
Ruthine found the electric light. Then he
turned, and saw for the first time whose
life he had saved. It was a Mrs. Mall
waner—a slight, pretty woman, with hard
eyes and a mouth that was much too.
'email: Her appearance was, of course,
known to Ruthine., -. '. .,
"You • did that on purpose/? • he : said,
opening the door of the wine -locker.
"Yes," she answered, in avolcer full of
resentment.' She. was putting- back her
hair, which was pretty, even when wet.
"it isa warm night," said Mark Ruth
lne, whose; suddenly , aroused ,, interest
prompted him to assume as complete a •
composure as her own. '.'You will not hurt
In your. wet clothes till the captain comes.
Did you swallow much water?".. ,
"Yes." • . ¦• ¦ :¦'¦¦: ¦> ' •.¦:¦; ¦ -7 ;
He was adding something from his med
icine chest to a glass of brandy. j • -. -i
"Better drink.that," he said. "You don't
feel any nausea?";; .v : v ' : •'
. "Nd," snapped, the lady. ; r^- ;;
She drank/ the. mixture with a stoical 1
face, though ft was horribly hot 1 " and
strong. ; Before she put the 'class aside
"T« It necessary to give particulars,
sir?" • • ¦
"Most certainly." answered the captain,
".so that I may give you a receipt."
' The captain took a book from his writ-
Ing table drawer and waited. Very slow
ly the woman laid. a.. small parcel on tha '
table.
"I must ask you to show mo the con
tents," said the caotain with sudden
sharpness. The woman, glanced slantwaya
at Ruthlnf? and found him In contempla
tion of his own boots.
•The- captain then took up tho 'packet
and opened it himself, it contained a sin
gle Jewel case and on the red velvet re
posed a -necklet, of diamonds aa biff sua
peas. . ¦ .' ¦ . .,.-.. . .
"Most assuredly stolen." said the cap
tain in the Telegu tongue, and Ruthin»
eaki "Tea." .
"You know." said the captain pleasant
ly, as he made out tho receipt, "you ought
to have given thes» Into tho purser's cara
when you first came on board. That is
the usual way of doing It."
"Yes. sir."
"Why did you not do so?" Inquired he.
dabbing: the blotting paper with a eenlal
hand.
"I did not think there would be any dan
ger in keeping then* myself, sir."
"Not at first?"
"No. sir."
. "But you do now?"
."Er— yes. sir."
"Why?" asked the- captain looklnr up
sharply, and the woman, was surprised
Into givlne an answer.
"Because' some on© tried to tax* them
last night." •
"Are you sure of that?" inerulred th*
captain, looking straight at her.
"Yes. sir." answered the woman em
phatically. "For I had a hard struggle to
keep possession of them."
"Then you saw the thief?"
"No— sir. But I heard and felt her In
the dark. -However. I sot my property
back, and thero Is an end qf It."
The captain was looking at her keenly.
"Do you want It to end there?"
"If you please, sir." replied the woman.
with an. aplomb that proved, her meek
ness to be only a badge of office. "It win
do the ship no ..good to have a scandal,
and I do not csre so long aa I have my
property/' • -
The woman scored her points with a
quiet self-possession. ---
"You could not Identify the thief?" in
quired the captain, indifferently.
"Oh, no, sir." -- —* ¦'
"She is lylns." put In Ruthine, In Te
legu. and the captain nodded.
The person who looked like a lady's
maid presently returned to her quarters,
leaving the two men together.
"So far as I could see she only lied once,
and that was when she said she did not
know the thief," said Ruthlne, when the
door was closed. >
"Yes." answered the other; "the dia
monds are hers right enough, and It la
fortunately not our business ,to ask how
she came by them." * r - .
In the afternoon Ruthine visited Mrs.
Mallwaner. and found her m a frame of
mind which would In the second-class sa
loon have been called snappy. He told
nor some stories of persons who- had the
same complaint as her little girl and had
satisfactorily recovered therefrom.
"By the way. Mrs. Mallwaner. the cap
tain "has transferred you to the flrwt -class
Il3t," he added, rising to go— Indeed he
stood by the door with hi$ shoulder turned
toward her until he had completed hla
observations. "Rather an unpleasant in
cident has occurred In. the second-class
paloon which is only known to the cap
tain and myself, and which I tell you. in
the strictest confidence. There was an at
tempted robbery last night, but . . .
the victim of the attempt can give bo
clew whatever to tho thief, and there will
be no Inquiry." . . . . , '•„
Then he went out and closed ths door
softly behind him. He had caught sight
again of the crest engraved on the tlttlngs
of Mrs. Mallwaner's dressing case, and
with the device fresh In his memory ha
went to his own cabin to consult De
brett. Mrs. Mallwaner had . spoken no
more than the truth when she talked of,
being connected with the best people In
"''The captain and Dr. Mark Ruthlne sat
long over their pipes that night, and if
they set aside the law. they remembered
the word" that urges us to forgive our
neighbor his trespass. . -
Ruthlne visited Mrs. Mallwaner the next
m v\Ve n reach Brindisl to-night," he said,
in answer to her inquiry, and her change
of demeanor waa not lo§t upon him.
There was a sort of suppressed happl
ress about Mrs. Mallwaner this morning.
"Iihave been immensely relieved,"" she
said v "bv what you* tell me .of Cicely's
Illness. -"I . . • I think I could Rive
that promise now, if you and the -captain
will trust me." ti .,, ; ..
Ruthlne looked thoughtfully at Mrs.
Mallwaner's hands, which were twisted
nervously together on her lap. '¦ ,
"I have been working myself up Into a
terror." she went on. "ever since I got
my sister's letter. You are not. married.
Dr. Ruthlne?"
"No." answered Mark Ruthlne.
¦'. "Then yo r u do not understand feelings
about . ' . '.-¦ children?"
"One may understand In part," said the
doctor, quietly. ....
"I was o.ulte hopeless about her." went
on the little lady, with a look in her hard
eyes -which 1 the doctor knew, for the ma
ternal instinct crops up in strange places.
"We cannot . afford to pay the best sur
geons. It is always hard to be poor—
sometimes it is horrible."
.-."Yes," said Ruthine, and there j was
something in his voice that startled away
the conventional and somewhat self-com
placent expression of her .face. There
followed a silence which Ruthlne at length
broke.
"I came to tell you." he said, "that the
captain has arranged to exchange your
• passage for an overland route ticket from
, Brindisl if that is agreeable to you. You
will thus be with your child eight days
'•¦ earlier." ... • ' \ '^ ' ;
Mrs. Mallwaner looked up with , the
startled air again. Her face was.,.sud
' den'y • colorless. '••-¦-
• which arrangement you leave the
ship to-night," added Ruthine in a final
voice. ' *
Mrs. Mallwaner looked into his face for
a moment.. ... ... ._,
"Then you know . . . she whis-
Ruthlne turned away. He already/had
his hand on the. door.-.
Mrs Mallwaner's pretty face was hid
den in her pocket- handkerchief, an* as
suredljv th? dregs of .the cup- of humilia
tion were hers.
"None of us can be- sure- of ourselves."
he -said:- gently. v ra time of great tempta
tion." And she did not hear the door
; dose beblud him.
9
ON THE BRINKsimple, but the theory and practice must
go hand in hand. For this reason it Is
better to stfay by one brand of plates and
one good formula for the developer until
their capabilities are thoroughly under
stood. There are developers from A to Z
and dry plates of many different makes,
and every developer and plate has its own
peculiarities. Experimenting tends to con
fuse. ra.ther than to establish the definite
rules so npcessarv to the beginner. For,
as I said ¦ before, the mechanical steps,
the routine of details in photography
should become fixed habits. For when
the mind is free to look «t the work from
the artistic point and not be bothered by
the details, the best results naturally fol
low. Here Is a good formula for a devel
oper. I recommend the following as be
ing the best for all around, work:
Water, soft or distiller! 32 ounces
Metol ....¦ 15 grains
Hydroqulnlne • .' €0 gralru
Sulphite sodium ftrle-1. powdered).. 1 ounce
Carbonate sodium < dried, powdered).. % ounce
Potassium bromide ....... .^.... 4 grains
' Dissolve in the order named and remember
that while this amount of bromide ia usually
rapher la not always above suspicion, a»
a Sheriff of a northern town could testify.
He and his posse spentMhe better part
of an hour working their way from cliflT
to cliff up the steep mountain In the hot
sun, only to- find an Innocent photogra
pher prowling in search of a suitable
standpoint, and not the escaped convict
they were looking for. He explained that
although he had often been called crazy,
he had never before been taken for a con
vict, and that he could not conscientious
ly claim the right to the free board and
lodging furnished by the State.
Sometimes the photographer has to wait
days for the right climatic conditions.
The stories of peril told by the moun
tain photographer vie in danger with the
pioneer miners. He tells of the enormous
rattler that buzzed at his heel and of the
grizzly bear that walked up to hla cam
era, took a look and walked away. But
of these stosles we have no evidence save
his unsupported word.
I —
Three of the Presidents of the United
States died- on the anniversary of the sign-
Ing of the Declaration or .Independence.
Jefferson and John Adams died on the
same day, July 4, 1S26, and only an hour
apart.- James Monroe died oa July 4, VOL
IT is most important that the beginner
in photography follow a certain rout
ine with his camera, until the routine
ha.* become a matter of habit. One de
tail of the routine emitted, failure Is the
result. I find that most of the failurts
come from inisundorstandin? the impor
tance of the details.
In the elmple cartridge camera the ama
teur should lirst of ail acquire the habit
of winding off the Jpizc immediately after
exposure.
In the larger cameras he. must learn
quickly to focus, insert the proper stoo,
cap the lens, place tilt? plateholder. draw
the slide, expose his plate and replace
the Elidr, reversed side out. He must da
these things at times under the most ex
dtine conditions, and only force of babit
will insure success. '} \[~: -
An enthusiastic amateur lately took a
trip through the Kings lllver cahyon wit'i
his camera. He made, sixty exposures, '
using: the shutter. .On, his return,^sixty.
blanks were developed. Then. he remem
bered that he had not thoucht'to remov?
the cap from the lena' during, tne 1 , wholes
trip. ? ' •". , : •" • • . '.
In landscape photography the. success or
failure of a picture depends largely on the
foreground. The choice of -a' stand point :
bhould be made only after carefully exain-"
Ining the selected scene 'from every pofnr,
of view. The best nlace for the camera
may be ud In a tree or on the- face of'a ;
cliff, or perhaps knee-deep In water, but
the enthusiast does not mind these draw
backs.
In takinpr this pictuie of the 1 source of,
the Sacramento River I had to balanco
the camera on two rocks In the. middle of
the stream^ The olcture of Moss Brae
Falls was taken from a tiny island in the
middle of the rapids.
The camera fixed, then comes the most
trj^ng part— the. waiting. The Photograph
er must wait on nature. He must "wait
for the_ right cloud effect: the fog to life
from the mountain top: the sun to break
through that cloud. Then, he must select
and instantly take the best" of the, many
. expressions that are constantly passing
over the fac» of nature. This aptitude,
like everything else, comes with practice.
The adept has served years of apprentice
ship. Perhaps he served his apprentice
ship, as' a kodak or camera fiend.'" Manv.
a 'serious photographer of to-day lea'rne.i
»wTiat'he knows from' experiments with hi?
camera. . " ¦ C,
, r After '..the matter of a foreground and
point^f view has been decided the ques
tion of light comes up. It has been found
by experience that as a rvile ; the early
morning or evening . hours are. the best..
Then the .shadows are more pronounced
and give the most pleasing effects in- a
picture. Pictures taken at noon are the
most unsatisfactory.
-'. The most difficult lesson that the begln
ner nas to learn Is in connection with tho
lens. Here he reaches the limitations of
his art. Actual experience will teach him
that the photograph of his friend,who'as
pumed an easy and comfortable pose, may
develop in tho finished, picture* to be a
monstrosity, with the feet of a giant and
the head of a baby; the vista of trees,
with its.sunshine and shadow and delicate
coloring, is represented in the; . finished
picture like soot and whitewash. ¦ Each
one has to learn, these lessons' for him
self. But little aid can be received from
others. ¦ , . . - •¦ ¦ ..... .'. ' ¦ ¦ - .
The handiest kind of a lens Is one in
which the front and back series of the
combination can.be used separately. Then
the' photographer has a ; choice of; three
different foci, and can choose the one
that renders the view approximately, as he
sees it. •/"?' ;./'1V : : ¦ -. ¦ . ' ' •
The accompanying picture of Moss Brae
Falls was taken' with' a 'panoramic cam
era, in which the lens! revolves.. "This '.is
a great invention' in modern (Photographic
art. Previously small 'photos of adjoin
ing scenes had to be pasted together for
a continuous picture' of ¦ this- length. Now
a continuous panoramic picture can bo
taken In one long strip. \.
* , ¦>-.-. ,
•Many other new lenses help the pho-.
tographer In his work. Whereaa^he pho
tographer uned to have but one lens, tin
modern operator has a lens for. every dif
ferent kind of picture, and practice tells
him Iwhich one to select. He has lenses
•so keen that. the vein's of ihe leaves can
be seen. But this lens will not do for a
large scenic effect.
In exposjng the plate it is better to err
on the side of overexposure. excepting in
scenes where distant mountains are in
cluded. Then a slight underexposure is
better,, so that, their outline - dees not
merge Into the .sky../- .
y California, in Us wonderful variety of
scenery, offers every inducement to the
photographer— the high Sierras, with their
snowclad ruggedness and their tempest
worn trees; fit subjects for the pencil of a
Dore! • • • •
_ Then r ln lower altitudes, in the timber
zone", what vistas of trees and lakes an^
rushing waters. are his for the choosing.
- The/valleys and low tide lands/with the
'sea' in : the distance, are "replete with op
portunities for camera Work. Study and
patience are sure to. be rewarded with
cjiarmlng bits. The sea coast with its
bold-headlines and the, surf with its light
and shade can be rendered properly only
by one who is not afraid of being
drenched. The development of the plate is
. the most critical part in the process.
' Tho' directions on tho developer seem
mfflclent. It may »t time* be forma that more
af the bromide solution mast bo added a« per
developing directions. This der«lop«r !• excel
lent for negatives If dilated with two puts ot
water.
In developing the plat* >tbe photogra
pher should have In mind the mental Im
age of the scene at the tlm© the plate
.was exposed and the developer can be «o
handled that the resultant negative will
?ive a faithful rendering of the same.
The negative is the basis for the print
ing. It answers to the set type of the
printer. If it Is good, by care and pa
tience and reprinting if necessary, the fin
ished print will bring back to the mind
the beauty of the original scene and the
exhilaration and pleasure in securing? it.
Sometimes th* result is anything but
what was expected, but this will only en
i^ftage the true devotee of the camera.
urging him on to do better next time.
On his next trip he will have better pic
tures than on his first trip.
There are photographers In San Fran
cisco who In this way have collected thou
sands of views of California.
The camera offers one a good excusa
to go on a tramp. The civilized man who
13 at heart "a natural born tramp" needs
an excuse. The camera la company for
4 him.
ate rambling propensity of th" photos-
THE, SUNDAY CALL.
10
LANDSCAPE PHOTOGRAPHYMre. E. Martin
sai<i. "TluMe ;<re no '^^*^^^^^^P^^
two answers -tc "the •
question. Pecldedly. it is
absolutely necessary for a young
lady to be chaperoned when going out. - No mat
tor if It is simply to a 'heater, and to. sup aft
erward, a chaperon Should be with her.
Public- opinion roust be considered • and
reppected." .." t^i
Mrs. A. Voorhirs. who ha3 four / : ,^^^
daughters, and is therefore an
authority on the subject, said: "It ii
is :tlways best for a youns lady. to '^^IfSjm
be chaperoned. A girl's age has MT-^'f
something tu *lo with . it. and Mv^!!!!
:tpain it depends on where she is Jk '-'.H'.'
Koint? and with whom. Discretion Ui'f*
riiust bo used at all times." " K ; : -
Mrs. LovelJ White, president of Ttt * "
tlie California Club^ said: "la the « •
chaperon passing? Yes; but sha «.' •
v.ill remain with us yet awhile, K'-. '.'¦''.''¦-¦:
til! the cenditions which make B .:
her presence a necessity chance * B :
to something different and bet- B > ¦• . ' '
tcr. The chai>eron is the mid- * B'~''^'"
dl«»man. as it were, mediating *'
for the best interests of society MV-''
between the principles of vie
and ignorance — man" representlns ' ¦ *
the aggressive tempter and wo- H^-j -^- •
man the innocent being all un- B* '%^
conscious of the difference betweet _ »i?>^^ xU
good behavior and evil. Th« '
chaperon is supposed to have ' J^r.'-',7-''.'y
sampled the world's store- ' t;
therefore to know what .^^^i "¦"'•" "^"^ <£&ir**~'
is beneficial to all par- ••• " ''^^^¦'^'^ : '''* ib^^^^
century cirl JBQ
J has discuf#*d
th* 1 rr-Wfras ar'.f-
Inx befor* her until \ £&&.
• ¦ might pui>p •-•• . i^SS
fince Riiil worn <>ut /^^^Snw
!n pottlir.p. N»t f^^^w^Pr tora
only has *hp done
thiF for. h^rsrlf, Ivit pW^^m^Hm^
pvcry Tvi.=oa«-r*> h;i« tjS'^^^HlrnM
<Joh<* «t lor her.
And yrt. after all '^Bt^w^
th« agitation. thi»r»»
is Bjill one qu«»siion .
left for the- vfitrs to answer. It Jp. Sh3'l
ih» up-to-date girl be chaperoned? The
bravest of our d&ufibttre shout "im!"
More tim)<i on^ way nmhins. l>ut in tlicir
heart of hearts think that mamma ne^d
not afuajR po ;il.i!jg. There really are ftw
••nouKli ,.n tho pio *ide of the argument.
But «s for the chaprronc ttiemsolves — all,
th< rp i^ where the scnikbblini: arisrs.
T>]-y talk back and forth. They re
call the t;mi "-s w!i«*n th- y were pir!*; ihem
f-<\vf?. ;<iid s'lmetimos they romrmb^r
that times have changed Blm-e then, and
r"rr;ctiin»'s th''.v forgot. For iln»re-are al!
kind? of «-har.< Ton*, you know. There is
the ;iust.ro ki:-.I. who goes along lo pro
leH ;!ip lambs.from Uie wolves. Tiierc is
the p^nial kind, who poos along; tb help
i!i" iaint.s, not always iamb-iike. to have
p. brttrr XlTr.t* than lh« y could have with
out her." Tticre is the helpless kind, who
F.oe* stoBS for form"« sake, and sits mis
erafaje and forsaken In a corner.
Some cf them are as radical as their
own children! Th^y i-ay that if a girl
if- her mother's daughter, the fact arguos
that Bhe is Eelf-Vespectitiff and intelligent
onouph to 'conduct :hrrbelf as she should,
arid tfait fhe will choose fur her friends
<-r:!y «H!rra<vi as tan he ' trusted not to
impos« upon htr ConfldenccJ
't h« <«iiois Kay dearie-me-tut-tut: -t
never wiil ij o io* our tjris k> he left u»
chap Toned. Conventionalities may appear
trifl!t>jr. but they aro ba^ed upon soun«l
-corr.rn.-n sfwo or they would never have
bernme conventionalities. SToung girls
cant be expected to know the world, and
they nr-c-d a guide In the If arning of It.
Each Bide is s=<. convincing; tJiat no won
fier the Question is .«ti1l unsettled. Hc-ju
are tbe^o-pfnionl of «-<Sme peoplo whose
opinion- sr^- worth uhll?.
-l!rs. -I. Lnnmhrr?. president of the
PWlomaih Club. said: "it seem* to nie
that it »im!.1 t:c very sad to see our time
I*' acred cliip?ro!) Im-ome a tradition <f
the past. Too many fences cannot be
placed arpund tbo proprieties. Thoiich
the discreet chaperon is a much ridiculed
P".r.vr. n . yot tf ehe viv-ro made absolutely
fridlepensabie «n most occasions many of
th* di«agrroahle as well a^ the sad itici
<3*>nt)= in the Jives of *ome youns R hl3
might bo avoided. 1 have many of th«
CM f^hion^d !d,- as ? f oor krindraotheri
vho would not approve of the latitude
o. action a!lo^,l the >Oun K pirls of tlie
<5ay. While there arc <>xcrp<ions to evr,
rote, there fho U ;d still be rules B overn
.r-.e social life, as it »U| 1^ found on
ttle study th«t rtiqu^tte. vitl, a Jl j U
I;tt]fnec SfS and nirot}<>JIt , s fouridc(j up a
a cemral fd« uf.n^ht and wrong g<) F
s!l the conv^ntionalitio? be observed 'tha»
ra:i tend to a po.>d cioial Influence and
pt£?£Z~ U I>OWerful -ciliary-
Mrs. Mary JCincaid has very ' •' A
Ftrons m>w« pm: "I | /( »!i e ve thor- X
oofbly la the convrntional form ' ;
haiirgr youns rfrls chaper- M* : - :
ruf<i - f °r their Inexperience M ¦-' '¦¦'
SJ Jf 50 " 11^ o* the world :^^
Jeacon to rrpect." • ' Jm- •'. ¦ ¦'¦ /&£¦>
, - «n the East. I know
em cities should not be applicable to our
own It may rcuuire a longer time to
fcri-g about this result, for our Western
i,«oj»le are a little Fiow in taking up new
id,^. It seems to me that the youns
women of to-d^y who have been care
fully and properly reared by judicious
ihothcrs ihuiaa have so much self rcspe-rt
end.be so well balanced that they would
tmdfT ail circumstances not only have
confidence in themselves' but command
the courteous and respectful attention of
rm>n. An ir.r.ate r.n:se of what is <Juc a
larfy Bhould at all times characterize the
conduct of rmn wlio**- friendfc'Iiip we valus
and,wl!«a »-f so our homes. They
rnouM be puitable escorts for our daugh
ter^. J bclive our young people should
be truEtfd— that greater confidence shouid
be placed' in. them."* . :j./»
IZ'ns Tnd chaperons- g»ff
t!K?se who are negatu * VH
qualities, mere dummies. jp
to fill society's demand Ag^gT 9
lor its dour convention- >J lSV '
alitlca, and those vitalized «!» »
by a senss of their Impor. ¦
tance In shaping, the history ' Q^
the worldl . '
"As civilization advances men and
women are becoming: polarized— that is,
man sees himself lesa and less as a vIU
Iain and woman sees herself less and less
as a fool. As woman's intellectual pow
ers develop under the later day system
of education, as i«he learns that. physical
weakness and mental silliness are faults
despised by tho whole world, including
man, who swears' he adore? her Inconi
pctency. as she comes Into a knowledge
that rnmn.intnnclilti ««i tho v-orv linnd that
*^=*k- ln a nd men and women will
mee t on-' common .grounds..
«*x attractiori being no longer the-domi
nating principle of the universe. ., . ..
"From the standjolnt of the enlightened
future, the chaperon will appear but, a
figure In th« dark apes. when. man needed
watchincrand .woman protection.",.-, -i'l^y'
Mrs. William Thomas of Pacific avenue,
who, has two daughters In society, .says:
" Voung ladies should be chaperoned , for
the first few years that they are in so-.
THE STRENUOUS WOMAN.
By Mrs. Martha Jaft ZOeniworlh.
¦-¦v - — ¦•¦ ,:-•,-¦ : , ¦
p=tj=?HE strenuous woman must nave ex
. . isted in -early days, hut was she- ae
:|i obtrusive' as we. Rrfl ,her? . Coulfl .
our ancestors have overlooked her. had
she been as noisily energetic as the.pres-
ent.century woman? The rricn. of those
times were .rather determined, you know %
If strenuous women coulct sec them
selves with the eyes of their beholders. I
fancy there would be ihang* forHhe bel
ter. No Woman really cares to bethought
a nuibancc,: however 1 she may snap herj
fir.Rers at public opinion. The .story is
told of a famous wateri»iB -pifice which
abounded with hnnd&ome. healthy and en
trsetlc young. women, but war, meagrely
• ¦ 6uppliefl- with men. '-As misht be ox-
pected. the rlvalrv for masculine at-
Jk ; tentlon was keen, and thi» girls sat
¦^ ¦' ' up -nights to devise schemes for
I^JSkk- aroiisiiiK Interest in tlif minds'
SBL- of the desirable mascullna
members of tin; party.
8a^. '• Can you 'not imagine what
l-.nrpened? Tho^o poor
ffiV men. -who had gone,' to
K\ the place to rest, wera
©jj^, lmrried . from / on«
B»\ amusement to' an
ffi\ other, were literally
K\ ' forced into' activ
j^Hffiik ity through the
j^E energy of girls who seemed 10
live In an atmosphjre of short
OW ' skirts, thick Ehoes and plainly
BjMr drepsod hair.
vK/t/ " One day the place was rous»l
fMf to ft mild sort of excitement by
W/_ the arrival of guosts whom nobody
' knew. Mother and daughter they
were, -and a maid was. their only ct
tendant... Women were numerous enough
to make fresh arrivals a matter of. no
moment, even though '..they were gootl
looking- But somehow .these^soemed to
lie a different, species of womanhood
which promised to be worth studying.
¦ That night mother and daughter made
their first public appearance. The former
was a sweet "faced woman, whose hair
was just beginning to whiten;- the latter
was a "dainty bit of femininity with "soft.
' (Copyright. 1901. by Walter B. Ouild.> «
faintly rustling draperies and an air that
was positively refreshing after the weeks
of athletic companionship. Kvery man in
the, room -felt the. restful influence with
out being- able to define it, and from that
moment the doom of the energetic girls,
was assured. Within three days the new
\cwner Jiadall the men at her pretty feet,
and a.^var council was in session. :
j She-was a Southern girl ' who had -not"
•acquired the athletic craze. She had. been
brought up to distinctly feminine way*.
.warf cracfous and "weli bred, and made
no ; pretensions to -clevernetss. She. had a
woman's fondness for pretty attire, and
openly, confessed .that* she knew nothing
of fiolf;' "tennis,, wheeling and the other
amusements to which that- particular set
/of eirls was addicted. She did not care
'to learn, she avowed, but was willing to
be . present" at any. or all games, merely
as an onfooker..That was the character
every man elected: to. play after sne ex
pressed her sentiments" in the low pitched,
rather, lazy -voice -which was chief among
her, attractions, but' which she used. In a
sparing .manner.' It never became monot
onous," sis.you. may. readily see. -. -V.Iy *"
One 'weelcv of 'that sort.' of (thing ' was
enough" for »the girls. There was a gen
eral overhauling of. trunks and boxes, and
¦ mysterious letters 'which ¦ broughf 1 equally
mysterious packages. ; Short skirts an<L
. thick were } replaced by feminino
fripperie's.- and* the girl from the. South
was responsible; for the change. The plan
jworked like a charm.' Delinquent knights
returned jto their allegiance, all but one,
.the. most desirable one of_ the'lot, who'
ejected to _ bestow a llfe-lf>ng allegiance
upon the pretty 'Southerner. — ' '
I understood that story perfectly, be
cause not long 'before" I heard a man ex
press his o'plnioh of women in a compari
son ho drew between his fellow boarders
of the opposite sex .and a new acquisition
to the household. -The new.womanwas
pretty, but that mattered little to him
and the other men.- She. was different,
which was more to the point. She wore
¦ poft gowns of delicate texture, pretty
shoos, elaborate hats and the many other
little things .whlcb he -noted, but could
not describe. "She has never worn,tho3e
ucly. stiff collars," he explained, "but al
ways some soft and .frilly thing that is
awfully becoming. Her handkerchiefs an*
small and dainty, quite unlike the hem
stitched nosewipers. you women carry
with tailor-made frocks." I knew 'the
kind of woman he meant: I had seen her
and felt the charm of her, femininity^ I
had also noted- the attendance men gave
her at' every ¦'turn 1 . ¦- She was, however, ii
girl the strenuous woman would have
turned her nose up over because she never
hurried or appeared to do much of any-
thing else but give pleasure by merely ex
isting.
The : strenuous woman has made us
keenly alive. to such a presence. She hus
tles about from one thing to another,
never weary, never auiet. and never al
lowing others, to *e quiet, even when they
are weary. She begins the week by com
pelling the family to leave bed for break
fast at an unusual hour because It 13
washday and bargain day. She rushes th«»
children through the dressing process and
sends 'them to school with their llttla
nerves tingling with* the unrest * whlcix
their mother's active ways have imparted.
The male members of the family begin
their business day without the repose oJ
mind ami clearness of intellect they need,
and nobody Js comfortable, not even th(j
strenuous woman. She has met obstaclrs
which she brushed aside with an energy
whose effects she felt later on. ; ;;
The next day offers a^ little variety. It
Is Ironing day and elub.-day, perhaps, and
everything el3e must ¦ Rive way. Then,
comes mending day. and so on through
the week, each task calling for an unduo
display of energy. After a season of this
we, hear that our neighbor is a .victim
of nervous prostration or some' ailment
equally crave. She recovers, of course.
and learns nothing by the, experience. So
much for the strenuous woman.
But If she dirt not exist,, who would
Ferve on committees? Who would keep
alive the cluba organized for every pur
pose under the sun but that, of economy
of nerve force? They simply could not
exist. Would we be better or worse oft
than we now aro? I am not prepared to
say. ..Perhaps wp miKht not appreciate
the reposeful woman did we not have the
advantage of comparison. Yet I must
confess to a wish to avoid the- strenuous
vcrnan. even though I am forced blocks
out of my way In f sea ping her. I do not
always escape, because she belongs to .a
largo and growing class: but then I en
deavor to make the meeting a short one.
,Th<? worst feature cf such a woman in
the effect she leaves up^n others. If she
wore out her own body" and brain and th«»
mischief ended rignt there. sh» might re
ceive more toleration. But she is a pr>?i
•tlve affliction to sensitive organizations.
Matter of fact persons are able, to shake
off Impressions as ducks do water drops,
but they form such a small' part of hu
manity. » . •
. It may be that some brilliant mind will
formulate a scheme to separate people
into classes, not by birth or possessions,
or even by mental endowments, but dv
mental conditions. If the class line could
then be drawn with the clearness of casta
distinctions In the Orient we might hope
to escape. Xo other plan seems to prom
ise anything worth mentioning.
FAVORITE NUMBERS OF DIFFERENT NATIONS.
THAT all numbers are pot used^with and there are very few places In Egypt 1 countries In which It Is used most fre
equal frequency, by the vatious na- where, the people use it. The' French and i quently are Russia and the other Slavo
tlons *of the earth is clearly shown the other Latin races prefer the numbers nian lands. In fine. Just as a hor/or of 3
by M. Delaunay, a French scientist, 2 and 5 and rarely used the number 3, Is a characteristic of the Turks, so a love
who has devoted. a good deal of time to a -.' whereas, on the other hand, the English of 7 is a characteristic of the Slavs.
t.tudy~ot this subject.-' ' '"' '¦.' ' prefer 2 and 3 and the Germans r. ami 5. "The higher numbers are rarely used.
"A marked preference," he says, "may "As for the Asiatic races. I find that the- though they are found occasionally In
be fcund'almost everywhere' for the num- Indians are very partial to the. number 2 certain countries, such as 11 !n Salvador,
bera 2. 3 and 5. as well as for,the multiples and its various multiples, while the Chi- 17 in Mexico. 13 In Spain and 31 ih the Phil
of. these "''numbers. The ' Mohammedan nese; Itke' the Latins, use 2 and 5 more' ip'plnes. I learned to my surprise that the
countries, however, form an exception to' than any other numbers. ~In France,' Ger- Inhabitants of Hawaii are very fond ot
•thts rule,, since the' number 3 is not used many, Sweden, JCorway, India, South the number 13, a fact wlRch shows that
in them. Neither in Turkey ner in Persia America, and the United States the num- they know nothing of the prejudice
-can any trace of this number be ¦ found, her 7 -is more of less' popular.' but the- against the number." '
b« kept in an atmospnere or rennement.
' The chaperon is a rather useless conven
tion." . '. ¦ ;¦
Mrs. W. H. Mills and Mrs. A. N. Drown
agree. They say In substance; "The id?a
of our girls being chaperoned 1" for .the
'individual to' decide."
r; Mrs. Vl'Uke Robinson, . whos? daughter.
' MlsSy Elena. Robinson, is a ; bud of the.
ipresent : season; says: "I don't know that
• I -care to pass my opinion, as the cliap
erpri i 'question is JV-.y/ry perplexing one tr>
answer. It all depends on the young lady
hqrself and'jof what age/she* t#. When a
girl first, pots out inta'sodery It Is quito
necessary for her to l*e chaperoned. After
sne. arrives, at years of discretion it is
not necessary. If^n party of young folks
Intend going out'for aday's^or evening's
pleasure an folder person should accom-.;
pany them.". . f
SUBMARINE
TUNNEL
FROM EUROPE
TO AFRICA.
'.flTJP FRENCH engineer and a syndi
¦ f /LJ\ cttteiof (Jrrman capitalists are now
ll u seriously considering the advisa
bility of constructing a submarine
tunnel which shall connect Europe and
Africa.- .The engineer Is M. Berlier. He *»
coniidsM that the scheme Is practicable
"an'd is now. working rard to convince the
Governments of Spain and Morocco that
I -> t •;.. \ !t ls to thelr Interest
¦\ V. '•". ;\ to' further the con.
)l * '3 I structlon of, such a
\l \ \i \ \ tunnel.
\ ; ;; V. \ . According to him.
A or.e ev.<t of the tun-
U> V.* -»*"?. !j." \ coast pear Gibraltar
r ~\\^v' '-! ti^i aml the oth * r en *
-J*"' \ ""?'-' j should b<» at Tan-
. gier?. Tho total
i-r^^^'^L length of the tunne!.
ir.cluJlns the nece<»
f^ = 5s £s \3^*^' s»ary strips of land
¦t both ends, wouli
he forty-or«» kilo
meters, of which thirty-two would be un
der water. A double railroad tr,T-V nos
ing through the turnel would sia from
Algeciras. In Spain, and thence go by way
of Tangiers. Ceuta. Tetuan. and
Nernours'to Tlerncen. where it v/ould t"»
connected with the Algerian railroad sys
i JI. Berlier claims that such a tunnel
•Ktsulii not cost more th.in any of the great
Ufhne!s that have been cut throuah the
Alps, and could be ccr.strurted Quito as
easily. The cost for eafh running yard. h»
says, would be. as in t!.e case of the Sim
plon tunnel, about C»V» rrancs. whereas th«*
cost in tfie case of the St. Gothard tunnel
was SSOO francs and >n the case of tha
Arlberj? tunnel 4000 franca.
He Is also of the opinion that work
should be begun simultaneously at both
ends, and that the entire tunnel could too
completed within ten ycar3. The total
cost. Including that pf the railroad from
Ceuta to Tlemcen. a distance of about
&K) kilometers, he estimated at 225.00O.ay>
f ranees. Whether anything like adequate*
irtterest for such an outlay could be ob
tained from the traffic through the tun
nel is now the main 1 question. Some of
the capitalists who are interested in th*
matter are confident lhat it c'ould. where
as others, it is satd, are ratber doubtfui
on this point. At the same time all admit
that such a tunnel nould prove of im
mense benefit to the commercial world.
and the general opinion is that, if 31 £er
llcr receives any encouragement from tha
Governments cf Spain, and Morocco, tha
work of construction will bc2in at an
.early dale... t -•.,,„-
THE s BUND A^ CALI^
11
V*- c \p\y.' i?y tne time that
they arc 21 or" 22 years of age they
can go out uncliarcroned to ordinary
place of amusement. This is supposing.
that their; escorts are all .that could bo
desired.' My owrr daughters have, been
brought up in this way." ' .;
Mrs. J. H. Jewett, prominent in woman's
club circles, said: "To be the chaperon
of a young lady is a very pleasant task
nnd Ehould be beneficial to both parties.
The word chaperon is often .abused.
f .v'hen a young , lady has a chapqron it
doesn't moan somebody to watch her be
liavior,' but" one .to act as a 'companion,
to introduce her, to look after her pleas
ure t and '¦ find pleasure herself.; I, always
¦feel' flattered when I am asked' to chap-;
eroii young folks. > They should always "be
? put upon- their «-own "honor; they : tshould
be allowed to depend upon 'their self
respect. The <mhiuto, a girl.! la watched
-she- becomes Clt-ts supposed.
; that modern young; people-' know- how-to
conduct themselves on all occasions." --
Mrs. Homer S.= King says: "Young la
dies under 20, years; of age should never-
Wofcr^W.^^^J W ho allowed- any
'W/^V^j^JF tvhere without a,
?P-* ;^^ jF ffhaperon.*," After;. thafi.
'S^^T'^^^^r- /• x hU depends' on thfe' in-
y^\ dividual youhglady,- vyhom
\mB& S F ' 1G * s w ' t ' 1 an< ' w "here she
'j^( ' ¦ ' ¦ ' s SolnK- • The .chaperon ' ,'nr
3By >r ' many' rases Is a Rroat mist-al<^."
\Kfr f Mrs. W. P. Morgan 8ay£:,'.'D3-^
,^r • jocdly,*' girls should 'be- chaperotictl
. or accompanied 'by, an. oldfer person on
all occasion?!. It i3 much^ more dignified,
safer for tftem." • .r •
Mrs. W. .B. AVllsh're, Who has traveled
freely* and Wiow»j w ner€ ;or she f^cakp,. »ays; ; .
¦"TheiAnrrlcan.glrr Jfl pff tly .w^ll abla to take
*» are ,jj{ t herself. Of.fourse. she shoiild;alw-A>a*
SHOULD OUR GIRLS BE
CHAPERONED?THE STTBTOAY ;* CAIifc.
12Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 05.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; FEBRUARY 3, 1901- THIRTYtTWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Predominance of Germans.
The political phases are being discussed.
The remarkable predominance of Ger
mans and German Influence is. note
worthy. Empcrcr William's officers, sol
diers and sailors wcr^ more conspicuous
In all the ceremonies than were those of
«U the other nations together. This has
had" the effect of popularizing Germany
¦with the people, who recently regarded
her as their mcst menacing enemy. It ia
evident that Enjlishniea realize that King
Ijdward's reign begins confronted by a
commercial crisis and political dangers
•vrbieh give a shadow of anxiety to their
mourning for the Qurcn.
To-night the Queen's body lies In" the
Albert Chapel s».t Windsor, guarded faith
fully, awaltini; the last rites. Within, the
case lies brilliantly lighted.
King K Sward and Queen Alexandra,
Emperor William, the Princes and their
cultes dined magnificently this evening.
Three Klr.trs ard heads of principalities,
•with special representatives, left -.Windsor
this afternoon after lunching at the cas
tle. Their departure was somewhat In
terfered with by the enormous proportions
of the crowds gathered around the Wind
tcr station, ani In many cases the royal
Ijfrsonages were literally bundled into the
cpecial trains awaiting them. It was at
Windsor that the only hitches in the elab
orate programme of the day occurred, and
Foreign Potentates Departing.
To-night "the captains and the Kings
depart." The imperial yacht Hohenzollern
awaits Emperor William at Port Victoria.
Zi'.r.s Leopold and Kins Carlos have re
turned to London, preparing for their re
turn home, and Prince Ferdinand depart
ed on an evening train, traveling lncog
nito.
This city to-nlsht jas somewhat of a
holiday air, thousands of persons parad
ing the streets, viewing the decorations
end restaurants and salocns are doing a
tremendous business. The uniforms of
the militia and colociai troops are visible
everywhere, and their wearers are lion
ized.
The hospitals cared for 1205 persons who
•were Injured in the crowd. Of this num
ber, however, sixty were hurt only, in
cluding policemen, soldiers and a number
cf people suffering from broken limbs.
All Business Is Suspended.
All business ceased, even the drinking
houses closed their doors during the day.
The newspapers suspended publication
and life in London, like the rest of the
empire, turned from its customary chan
nels and -vras focuBed upon three miles of
"West End Btreets, upon the coffin con
taining the body which was now merely a
symbol of Victoria's self, who often'be
fore Londoners had cheered. -assembled as
they were to-duy, but on occasions of re
joicing.
To the American the ceremonials, with
uZl the theatrical trappings of royalty
\rcre not more expressive than the funeral
of a chief magistrate chosen by the
people. .
The Kings and Princes, beneath silver
helmets and wearing gold braided coats,
were men. but the sight seen of the King
Tiding utter the coifin of his mother euvl
Queen, with four Kln^s and half a hun
dred of il.e highest rovalties of European
dynasties foll<rw-iri5 and the hereditary
Quaint attaches of court, 'was one never
to be forgotten.
The popular mourning was less general
end ostentatious than it would have been
In the United States. The multitudes were
xeTT.a.rkable. The wnjle ceremonial, ln
ciudlng the massing of 3u 000 troops and
the er.trrttlnment of all the visitlcff per
sonages. was an admirable example of
organization.
TONDON, Feb. 2.— "It has
been a great reign," epokc
Mr. Balfour in his eulogy
before the House of Com
mons, "and it has a happy
ending." All London and
t'-f\ mtti^g thousands from the remot- ;
est villages of the kingdom '
paid their final homage to |
the Queen to-day in her capital, and as- ,
Eured!y, as Mr. Balfour said, the end of
her reign, which is now passed Into his
tory, was hajipy. Deep solemnity filled all
hearts. There was reminiscent grief — th« '
feeling that one cf the empire's great In
stitutions was massing — but no such sor
rotr as surrounded the cofflns of Lincoln
and GarSeld, cut off before their work
wes dene. Every one felt that the Inevit
able death had dtaJt kindly with their
sovereign; that her passing had been as
harpy as her life was useful. They gath
ered to hor.or her memory rather than to
mom her loss.
The Klr.ir and Queen. In a special au
dience granted Embassador Choate and
Secretary cf Embassy White, after the
conclusion of the services at "Windsor, ex
pressed themselves as profoundly touched
by the manifestations of sympathy In
America. In .the course of conversation!*
had by Mr. "White trlth other members of
the royal family all gave expression to
fcimllar sentiments.
As a Queen, Victoria was an exemplar
of the solid Tirtues and the aspirations
an*l lives cf the middle class of English
men and they fittingly seemed the moat
sincere mourners.
Vast Throngs View the Funeral
Procession and Attend Services
in St. George's Chapel at Windsor
President McKinley and Many
Other Distinguished Men Pay
Tribute at National Capital
Greatest Assemblage in History
of San Francisco Gathers to
Honor Memory of Late Queen
THERE has never been la
San Francisco a service
more solemnly Impressive
than that which was cele
brated yesterday afternoon
by the people of this city
in Mechanics' Pavilion In
honor of England's dead
Queen. Thousands of men
and women, dark-robed, silent, sympa
thetic, contributed their presence and
their feeling to the splendid ceremonial
which found its expression in the great
structure on Larkin street.
Men and women of. all classes and
creeds, representatives of every phase of
honorable life in San Francisco, dignita
ries of church, state and commerce, as
sembled there In silent tribute to the
Queen who was dead. Long before the
services were to begin a great crowd gath
ered at the several entrances to the build
ing. Thousands stood .patiently, silently,
reverently at the doors waiting for the
signal which was to admit them to tho
most unique sanctuary which th» people
of the city ever constructed.
Above them floated the Stars and Stripes
at half-mast. Within the great building
all was silence and almost darkness. Tho
great barnllke building was a mortuary
chapel. The arches were lost in black
shadows. The galleries were draped in
broad panels of black and white. Wreaths
of dead gTeen, touched with purple, lent
the -aignlficance of death to the decora
. tlons. At the very end of the pavilion a
platform . was raised. Purple-hued, fern
adorned.- ribbon-decorated, it seemed like
a mammoth altar erected for a service of
utmost solemnity. Behind it were draped
the Sags of America, and" England, the
crimson of the Stars and Stripes blending
In brilliant color with the scarlet of the
Union .'Jack. Above the altar was the
crown, black and white ana purple In lt»
hues of death and royalty.
When the doors were thrown open there
was not a sound in me great pavilion. The
throngs of men and women streamed into
the edifice. Scores of police were there,
but they were not needed. More than
14.000 people passed into Mechanics' Pa
vilion as if they were going to their de
votions in a church. Before the hour fixed
for the opening of the services the mam
moth bulldine was crowded to the very
doors. Every seat upon the main floor
was taken, and faces were framed In the
galleries until their outlines were lo»t In
the shadows of the arches. The vast ma
jority had robed themselves In keeping
with the occasion. They were In black.
The Solemnity of Death.
At 2:30 o'clock the vast congregation,
the largest that was ever assembled In
one building in this city, heard tho shrill.
'walling, moaning notes of the bagpipes.
The deep-toned, weirdly sounding bell In
the rafters began to toll and from, a bid
den station came the muffled sounds of
drums. The scene nael In it an inspiration
of awe. It possessed the solemn 'dignity
of death.
The vast congregation, men. women and
children, arose. The muffled roll of
tho drums was In their ears; • the
sound of the telling bell waa like a heart
beat. The shrill notes of the bagpipes
grew louder and louder and the procession
of invited dignitaries passed Into view oP
the great congregation. Up the steps to
the purple altar they passed, clergymen
In the black and white and crimson robes
of mourning, officers of the army and
navy In their trappings of gold and black,
members of the consular, corps in their
gay trappings of gold and silver lace and
decorations, civilian!) high in the opinion
of the people of tho State, officials of the
city and State, black robed and sedate.
Slowly and solemnly the procession
moved to the platform. A hush was upon
the vast congregation and then was en
acted one of the most striking scenes ever
witnessed in San Francisco. The shrill.
mourning- wail of th*e bagpipes was
silenced. ; The orchestra began the dread
music of a dirge. At regular Intervals
was the weird tolling of the funeral bell.
Every person In the building was stand
ing; thousands of men. women and chil
dren were on their feet in silent anticipa
tion of what was to come. *
Raising the Standard to the Sing.
And then there was a movement on tho
purple-draped platfoim. Two little girls.
one. robed In the colors of the American
flag, the other in the garb of a Scotch
lassie.* stepped forward and from two
standards two flags slowly rose, one the
Union Ja"ck. the other the Stars and
Stripes. Inch by Inch these flags -were
hoisted on their standards until they were
at half mast. The dead march was thrill
ing the senses of the congregation; the
belr was tolling its gloomy message and
then again came silence. The splendid
service of death had begun-
It was not a Ions: one. The cherished
hymns of Christians were sung and th«
thousands of voices united In a tremen
dous volume of melodious sound. Tha
strange, beautiful service of death of th<*
Episcopal Church was chanted and from
every part of the pavilion came the deep
toned mumrnur of responses. In solemn
prayer priests prayed for the dead Queen
and the living King, and then throughout
the vast building moaned the last deal
IMPOSING PAGEANT AT THE FUNERAL
OF BRITAIN'S DEAD QUEEN IN LONDON,
WHILE ALL THE WORLD IS MOURNING
Continued on Page Fifteen.
.these added to rather^than detracted from
the dramatic and pathetic interest. .
Seamen Substituted for Horses.
The first and most striking was the in
tractability of the horses attached to the
gun carriage bearing the coffin. The alarm
and chagrin of the King and Emperor;
who had hurried up to ascertain the cause
of delay in the procession leaving Wind
sor station, was patent upon their coun
tenances. The horses struggled in .the
traces and the coffin was almost thrown
from the gun carriage. Lord Roberts
asked the King for permission to take out
the horses and Bubstltuts • for them th«
SCENE IN THE MECHANICS' PAVILION YESTERDAY AFTERNOON WHEN 14,000 MEN. WOMEN AND CHIL
DREN ASSEMBLED AND IN A SOLEMN SERVICE OF PRAYER AND SONG PAID TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD
QUEEN OF ENGLAND. • .
. The other; hitch occurred 'during:, the re
ligious part'ofrlhe ceremony. ; The service
at St. George's Chapel was ' brief but
beautiful, i The choral service hadTformed
Archbishop , : Is Very. Feeble.
Jackles who had come up from Ports
mouth as a guard of honor. This sugges
tion was quickly sanctioned, and the last
time Victoria's bony was borne before her
subjects it wag by,>oyal "handy men, 1 :
who at an opportune moment saved the
situation. To-night, the King sent a.mes
sage of thanks to Prince Henry of Prus-
Eia for the services of the sailors of his
command. ,. - - '' ' . j ' •»¦-•'.- t
Continued on Page Fifteen.
. J: LONDON, 1 Feb. 2.~Th"e firing of minute
guns and the tolling of bells at a quarter
past 11 announced to' the countless multi-
GREAT PAGEANT
pASSBSjrTHRQUGH
LONDON STREETS
a fitting culmination to, the martial pa
rades.; The trembling voice of tbe
bishop of Canterbury,- .-who ; 1» ..; almost
blind, had scarcely ended the final bene
diction before he turned to go \ up the al
tar- steps." His sight jand ,'strength Vfailed
him,^&'nd he tottered; groped and (was 'oh
the point of falling when the Archbishop
of York,' who' had been standing some dis
tance I behind : him, advanced i and \ caught
his hand and'gentlyled the venerable pre
late to*: the holy ' table? ..Then'-. they! both
knelt. ; the.'greatest • dignitaries I of | Eng
land's church/ next_in rank to the*> royal
blood; their heads bowed upon the purple
altar. cloth; :.i - ;'~v ,.. : .:_: -.j , ., ,_ .-.^ .
tude that had been crowding London's
muddy streets since daylight that the
funeral procession ¦with the body, of Queen
Victoria. had begun its passage through
the capital. '
' The people fought for. hours for a
glimpse of the coffin, and the Kings and
others following It. The*" saw a long pro
cession of soldiers, a passing show of daz
zling regalia, with a hundred royalties
crowding after, and then dispersed, while
all the church chimes of the city weie
ringing and muffled dirges were played.
Europe has seen grander royal funerals
than the Queen's, and had a more gor
geous spectacle in the celebration of her
sixty years of- reign, but no episode in
the Victorian era will live so deeply im
pressed on the memories of those who
witnessed it or participated in the cere
monies.
The day was somber/" wet and chilly,
as are most of London's winter days. The
cloudy' sky- added to the gloom of the
whole city.
The scene at Victoria station from early
morning was most brilliant and impres
sive. For to-day'a ceremony the station
was transformed Into an Immense recep
tion hall, j All trains were stopped before
9 o'clock, and the long platforms were
covered with purple ¦ cloth. On another
platform, facing that at which the
Queen's train was to arrive, guards of
honor, composed of bluejackets and Gren
adier Guards', were drawn up. " The broad
roadway 8eparating s the two was swept
clean and sanded, and a number of little
purple-covered: . platforms, from which
members of the royal party were'expect
ed to mount their horses, were placed at
intervals at the side and center. ¦ *
¦ At 10 o'clock an ' army of grooms with
horses arrived, and thenceforward
naval officials and foreign royalties. In
dazzling uniforms, came "in quick suc
cession. "The Lord Chamberlain and his
officials, bareheaded, with their white
wands of office, received the most dis
tinguished personages . and - conducted
them, to a. little pavilion erected on the
platform. .
The whole Btation by that time resem
bled the scene at a levee, j
; The commander in chief of the forces.
Then the stream turned, for orders came
for the suites and Kmbassadora to go out
by another door. ' The returning throng
met those coming up almost at the coffin,
well nigh 'causing a melee. Finally they
reached the other .'door and the body of
the Queen was' left alone before the altar,
save for th© .stern', figures j of her., gentle
men at arms gaurding the remains, as the
bodies of Edward IV, Charles I and Henry
VIII were e guarded' In the same chapel
hundreds of years ago. .-¦¦.' . ¦'
, Both' Err.bassador Choate and Secretary
White .^walked through \ the streets) of
i Windsor with the procession. The royal
sentiments 'the expressions of
American' sympathy,:- before mentioned,
.were conveyed 'to '.them in the blue draw
ing-room, after the royal luncheon in the
Waterloo chamber,, to which, they we*e
invited* in company with a few other not
able's.';; Messrs. :Choate > aiM White re
¦ turned , 'to ,' London to-nieht in company
i with ,'. the : "Austrian Embassador, I Lord
Lansdowne and a number of others.
"While the Archbishops prayed and the
Bishcps "and clergy reverently kept their
knees,, the Kins and Emperor 'William,
follov.ed by. three other Kings, walked
almost hurriedly up to the. altar raite and
out into the, castle by a private exit. Their
gorgeous suites followed mechanically and
akaleldoscope of color and.royalty.surged
up to the chancel. Against this hurrying
throng, the eoftln and kneeling figures
within the holy inclosure stood out In con
trast. Still the • Archbishop prayed and
still the gayly caparisoned princes sought
an" outlet by .'which' they; might gain the'
Waterloo chamber, in which the long-de
le yed luncheon had been _ laid. Almost
touching the coffin they chatted. Embas
sador Choate shook hands' with another
Embassador. ¦
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Your correspondent learns officially that
Smith-Dorrien's column had considerable
fighting, In which thirty-five Boers were
killed. . ¦ . v -, t '
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Mrs. Mary Luby.
SPRIXGFIELD, Feb. 2.— Mr?. Mary
Luby. the oldest resident of Illinois, died
to-night aged~103 years.. She was born In
County Tlpperary, Ireland.
. David. T>. Foxhall. ,
N'APA, Feb. 2."— David D. Foxhall, aged
73 years, a native of North Carolina, died,
this morning 1 . He landed in San Fran
cisco in 1850 and came to Napa County in
1855.
m
George D. Tillman.
EDGEFIEUD. S. C. Feb. 2.—Ex-Con
gressman George D. Tillman died to-day
at his home at Clarks Hill, aged. 75 years.
He was a brother of Senator Tillman anl
was a member of Congress . from 1886 to
1893.. ... i . ¦. ¦¦¦'•-...!-,
Samuel I. Jamison.
• SAN JOSE. Feb. 2.— Samuel I. Jamison,
a -pioneer of '43 • and a resident of this
county for more tharr fifty yea.rs. died at
his homo in Santa Clara to-day of
Bright's disease. Ho was 74 years old.
Mr. Jamison had served this county in
the Assembly and also as a' Supervisor.
P. A. Chalfant.
BISHOP. Feb. .- 2.-P. • A. Chalfant died
at his home here last night. Mr. Chalfant
came 'to Trinity County in 1849. He estab
lished the Inyo Independent at Independ
ence In 1570 and the Inyo Register at
Bishop in 1S85. H* was elected County
Assessor in 1S86, serving twelve years in
that office. \
Mrs. John McAuliffe.
VAI.LiEJO, Feb. - 2.— Mrs. John McAu
llffe died at. her home on Capitol street
this morning. She came to Vallejo from
Boston with • her husband thlrtyTflve
years ago. She is survived by her. hus
band, a sister, Mrs. Margaret Kelly, and
a brother. Dennis Driscoll of San Fran
clsco. Mrs. McAuliffe was the .aunt of
Dr. J. H. Seymour of San Francisco.
Force the Enemy
, From Natal.
Kitchener , Decides to
Seven Commands .Will
Operate and Keep
. in Touch.
COLUMNS MOVE
TO DRIVE OUT
ACTIVE BOERS
Toi>eka Towed Into Port.
SEATTLE, Feb. 2.— The disablefl Alaska
steamer Topeka, which wai badly dam-
Smallpox Is Spreading.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— For the last
three days the number of cases of emall-
pox In this city has been growing larger.
Since November 5, when the epidemic ap
peared, 191 cases of smallpox have been
reported. There have been comparatively
f,ew deaths, . :
MANY OIL COMPANIES AEE
BEING FORMED IN TEXAS
No Decrease in the Excitement Caused
at Beaumont.
by the Eecent Great Discovery
AUSTIN 1 , Tex., Feb. 2.— There has been
no decrease In the excitement . over the
recent great oil discovery near Beaumont.
On the contrary the interest awakened
throughout the country over the wonder
ful oil gusher is spreading and. scores , of
companies are being formed to drill pros
pect wells and operate oil pipe lines in
the new district as well as In other coun
ties where there are strong- surface indi
cations of oil. The charters of a large
number of these companies are now in
the office of the Secretary of State await
ing approval.
The Central Oil Company of Beaumont
filed its charter to-day. It has a capital
stock of $100,000 and it proposes to build
an oil pipe line, oil tanks and drill oil
wells. The lncorporators are H. C. Speer
of Chicago, C. W. Bishop of Siaterville.
W. Va.. H. W. Greer. Dennis Call ami
E. C. Nail of Beaumont.
LEGISLATORS TRYTN"Q TO „ :
BREAK THEIR ENGAGEMENTS
Desire to Remain at the Capital in
Order to Canvass Presiden
tial Vote.'
"WASHINGTON," Feb. 2.— Owing to. the
fact that the Senate and House will meet
Jointly on the 13th to canvass the Presi
dential vote, a number of members of
both houses are cancelling engagements
to make speeches on the 12th. Several
such engagements had been made for
speeches In honor cf L.lncoln'8 birthday
without taking into account the-.Impor
tant function for the 13th. Those of them
whose engagements would take them so
far away from Washington as to prevent
their return in tirao to be present at the
electoral ceremony are generally trying
to get themselves excused from such ob
ligation and most -of them announce that
they will remain here.
CHKISTTAU" ENDEAVOR HOLDS
AN IMPOBTANT CEBEMONY
PORTI^AND, Me., Feb. 2.— To-day wit
nessed the crowning event of the four
days* meeting of the Young People's So
ciety of Christian Endeavor in observance
of the twentieth anniversary, of the or
ganization of the first society. A bronze
memorial tablet was unveiled in Wllliaton
Church, the birthplace of the movement.
Rev. Dr. Francis E. Clark, founder of the
society, was present. Several of the char
ter members who twenty years ago or
ganized the national society In the par
sonage of Willlston Church were In at
tendance. The unveiling ceremony was
held in the open air. . . .
John Mundell & Co. Fail.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 2.— John Mun
dell, trading as John Mundell & Co., and
operating one of the largest shoe factories
in this city, made an assignment to-day.
It Is impossible to give assets or liabilities
The house did a business approximating
$1,000,000 last year.
Torpedo-Boat Did Not Founder.
.PARIS, Feb. 2. — The announcement ap
pearing- in the Echo de Paris this morning
on the foundering of. a torpedo-boat off
Havre with the loss of all but two of her
crew proves to be without foundation.
Big Stun for Relief.
CHRISTIANIA. Feb. 2.-The Premier
will ask the Storthing to vote 20,000 kroen
er for the storm-ruined districts in Nor
way.
want Diaz to Attend.
WICHITA, Kans.. Feb. 2.— International
Masonic machinery was set in motion to
night to get President Diaz to attend the
Twentieth Century' Scottish Rite Jubilee
of the Southern Jurisdiction in April.
AUTI-CLERICAI. PLAY
CAUSE OF A KIOT
Senor Galdos Karrowly Escapes Being
Mobbed In Streets of
Madrid.
MADRID. Feb. 2— The anti-clerical
play. "Electra." is still the topic of the
hour. There was a Email riot at the en1
of the last performance. When the au
thor. Senor Gardos, loft the theater, some
oiifl cried, "Down with Galdos!" and cries
of "Down with the Jesuits:" and cheers
for Galdos Immediately resounded. Some
of the police drew their, swords and others
used clubs. Many arrests were made.
EITSSIA1I CONVICT. SEEKS
TO TTTT. GENERAL MASLOFF
Was Condemned to Banishment arid
Had Failed to Get His Sentence
Commuted.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 2.— A man
named Pavoff, who had been condemned
to banishment to the Archangel Govern
ment, yesterday' fired twice at General
Masloff, the chief of direction of military
sentences. The generai. however, escaped
Injury. Pavoff has. been here on two
weeks' leave, visiting his Invalid mother.
He had unsuccessfully tried to persuade
General Masloff to procure a mitigation
of his sentence. ' .
Snow in France.
PAKIS. Feb. 2.— The southeast of
France is covered -with a heavy fall" of
enow and communication Is interrupted.
BERLIN', Feb. 2. — Excepting a few Lib
eral papers like the Vossische Zeituns and
the Tagehlatt. the German press' has in
no way received the advances of ihe Brit^
l*h press this week srradously. Nine
tenths of the press persist in pretending
that the German Emperor's visit was a
mere raatier cf filial piety and thit the
honors mutually conferred there were
solely meaning-less civilities. In no way
touching or indicating the sentiment of
the two nations toward each other, nor
reconciling their conflicting interests.
While for a coujjle of days after the
Queen'* death the Anglorhobe press kept
a truce, during the last half of the week
the press began to speak openly on the
subject of Anglo-German relations && ex
isting upon Jvj.-.t; Edward's accession. The
Xreiiz Zeitung to-day ridiculed the Lon
don Daily Telegraph's proposal for a
"moral entente" between Germany and
£&giand, adain£:
"If the anti-KUropean economic attitude
of the I'nited States continues serious dif
ferences will ensue in which England
likely, perforce, will join against the
T_'nited States, which threatens to be a
znucfa more formidable opponent than
Germany. But Germany's economic in
terests would nevertheless remain antag
onistic to Kngland, and Germany in no
catse would join in lighting the United
f3ta.tes nor ¦would. Knjrland expect- that,
fearing thereby possibly to strengthen
<»ermany, her rival. Germany in such a
case would be tertlus gaudens."
The Rhenish Westphaelische Zeltung
prints e. similar article. Tho Xeuesta
J^achricnten to-day prints an editorial
rather friendly toward England, but
points out the difficulties to an en
tente between the two countries and de
mands tli^-t Ensrland must once and for
ell drop her superciliousness and recog
jiize Germany as uer full equal. Oniy
thus could aa understanding be at all
maintained.
¦The Lelpsio ICeueste Nachrichten and
the Hamburg Xaehrichten. print articles
6everely blaming the Emperor for his pro
longed visit to Kngland. the latter eaylng:
"In that the Emperor's English sym
pathies collide with ins duties <ls German
Emperor."
The Cologoa Zeltung claims that it is
the old fight between the pro-Russian and
pro-Kritish parties in Germany, while the
correct thing would be to preserve good
relations toward both. The semiofficial
press during the week has been, rigidly
tilcnt and is awaiting the Emperor's re
turn intimation, livery Gtrman paper
that has in any way referred to the
Anglo-German relations has scouted the
id*=-a of an Angrlo-Gerraan alliance.
Several ministerial utterances have
caused much press comment this week.
Count von Bulow'e declaration in tb>»
Diet, that included eoclal protective duties
to eld German agriculture are certain to
cause a general onslaught upon Count
von Bulow by the Liberal press, which
claims that he has become an Agrarian
and jeopardizes the chijices of new. com
mercial tactics. Then there were Com
rnercLal Minister Buford's remarks call
ing the coal dealers a necessary, evil, and
Minister of Justice Schoenstedfs state
ment that the Jewish candidates for Gov
ernment offices could only be considered
exceptionally. The remarks have stirred
up the whole Liberal press, which points
out that the Prussian Government guar
ajilees *»rj.uaUty in these respects.
The Vosslsche Zeitung to-day mentions
that the Emperor quite recently told Herr
Ballin. a director of ihe Hamburg-Ameri
can ComjiaJi}-. who is a Jew. that this
iria.de no difference with him and na
¦wanted to si-e Herr Callln in a higher
place still. Press utterances from Aus
tria and Russia are reprinted here this
¦week Ehowin^ that Count von Bulow s
tariff words are there interpreted unfavor
ably.
In the Belchstaff this week the subject
of theater censorship was thoroughly
ventilated. A number of most amuslnj;
blunders l>y censors were mentioned. The
liberals are demanding a cancellation of
the censorship, which the Right and Cen
ter oppose.
During: a discussion in the Diet. Count
Press Declares That the
Emperor's Visit Is
Meaningless,
Advances of the British
Journals Are Not
Reciprocated,
GERMANY SEEKS
NO AGREEMENT
WITH ENGLAND
I>»hrendorf. chief curator of horso breed
ins of Prussia, admitted that the quality,
of horses is on the down grade, owing to
low prices and foreign competition. A
large sum was demanded by the Govern
ment for premiums to foals.
On Monday in the Diet was held the
first readiiuj of tho canal bill, ' wliose
ch;inres are small unless the Government
satisfies the Conserva:lves and Agrarians
by tariff compensation.
The lleichstag banquet in honor of tho
Kmperor's birthday occurs on Monday
night.
It has occasioned amazement in military
drrles that General von Putkamer, io
tlred, had puhlislied a pamphlet strongly
condemning the German drill regulations,
which he claims arc antiouated and n-">t
adapted for actual warfare, pointing' out
a numbpr of* cases. The military press .'a
now full cf replies, pro and con. •
The German press publishes from
Manila private, letters describing- the sit
uation in the Philippines as xleplorable
and the pacification as far off. The losses
of the Americans are said to be much
greater than officially admitted. Amer
icans do not treat the Filipinos, it is said,
any better tharf the "Spanish did. The
letter also mentions alleged cases of
cowardice among tho Americans, even
tho officers!. - • • . .
The Empress Frederick la momentarily
better «m] Is taking long drives. She re
ceives English news every second day by
special courier.'
Mourning services were .held to-day in
the English church a.t Homburc
Miss Jam- Oakley of San Francisco has
become engaged to Baron Schelllba, an
officer of the'Guards.
Much complaint is heard in Berlin about
the court mourning, by which dancing for
the younsrer people is greatly restrained.
There have been deaths with subsequent
court mourning 1 almost without exception
for a number of midwinters nast.
fritted States Kmhassa<3or and Mrs.
"White, J. IJ. Jackson and Percival Dodge,
secretaries of the . . legation, attended the
memorial service for Queen Victoria,
Frank H. Mason. Consul General of the
United States at Berlin, has just received
a diploma of honor from the Marseilles
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, which he founded while Consul
there. • . ¦
A. shipment of hospital apparatus has
left Berlin for the Buffalo Exposition.
Consul General Ma.«=on is making special
efforts to advertise the exposition.
ETTLOGIZE MEMORY OF
LATE SENATOR DAVIS
Colleagues of the Former Legislator
Deliver Orations on the Koor
- of the Senate. : ;~,^
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2.— The House
spent the day until 3 o'clock in a discus
sion of the postofflce bill. The- struggle
over the questions of restoring the ap
propriation' for. pneumatic tube services
and of the reduction of railway mall pay
were precipitated by amendments offered;
but no action' was taken: At 3 o'clock,
public business wa3 J suspended to permit'
the members to- pay tribute to the late
Senator Davis of Minnesota. ' -
The following members delivered eulo
gies:^ Fletcher, Tawjiey, McCleary, Heat
wole, Stevens,' Morris and Kddy of Min
nesota. Jenkins of Wisc6nsln. Underwood
of Alabama, Clark of Missouri, Parker of
New Jersey, Spaldlng of South Dakota.
William ;A.t Smith and Gamble of South
Dakota, - and then a i 5:35 p. nj., ; as a
further mark; of -respect^ to the > memory
of the deceased the House adjourned. • . .
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb: 2.— Justice Har
lan of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in a speeph at a banquet, of the
Loyal Legion • last night, left, lit-
Uo doubt In the minds "of his
hearers that he holds that the
constitution follows the flag an8 that
neither ' the President nor Congress has
the power to govern the territory except
DEWEY TAKES -PRECEDENCE
OVER GENERAL MILES
Final Settlement of the Question of
Relative Rank of the Two
Officers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— All doubt as to
the precedence of Admiral Dewey over
Lieutenant General Miles was removed at
the memorial services for England's Queen
to-day. Admiral Dewey. accompanied by
members of his staff, all in special full
dress uniform, were seated by the ushers
in a pew immediately back of the mem
bers of the Supreme Court. Lieutenant
General Miles and Adjutant General Cor
bln. with an escort of officers, were seat
ed in the next pew back. ¦ ,
All the officers wore special full dress
uniforms, and conspicuous at their sword
hlltswere knots of somber crepe. As they
left the church General Miles paused and
waited for Admiral Dewcy to precede him.
This is regarded as a final settlement of
the question of precedence, indicating that
when officers of the army and navy par
ticipate in any function of the organiza
tions, the army takes the lead, while on
other occasions Admiral Dewey, because
of- his • superior rank, takes precedence
over General Miles.
within the limits Jmposed by the constitu
tion.
Justice Harlan said the constitution
was the supreme . law of the land — su
preme over Congress, the President, the
territory', and the people and then he used
this significant language: "The fathers of
the republic never • intended nor desired
that- Congress should have authority or ,
any power over any part of the surface
of the earth free from the letter and
spirit of the constitution."
Notes of the utterances .by Justice Har
lan were made by 'a member of the Loyal..
At a Banquet Asserts That Neither Congress Nor the President Can Govern
% • the Insular Possessions.
sessions of the United States must be gov
erned in strict accordance with the pro- #
visions and llmitiationa of the constitu
tion. __ . .
Justice Harlan was not a home to-nlgnt
and could not be found to confirm the ver
sion of his speech Riven out. but as thosa
who heard It agree as to its general im
port, it is not doubted that he has been
reported with substantial accuracy. The.
Incident has aroused a great deal of in
terest and has been the subject of general
discussion among members of the admin
istration and Congress to-night.
Legion, who read them to several public
men to-day. The conclusion reached by
all was that, while It would not be safe
to assume that Justice Harlan was voic
ing the views of the majority of the
Court or forecasting the court's decision,
he was undoubtedly expressing his own
views. Whatever the decision of the ma
jority of the court may be. there is.
therefore, no doubt among public men
here that Justice Harlan believes Con
gress exceeded its authority in enacting
the present Porto Rican tariff law and,
that Porto Rico and all other Insular pos-
aged on the rocks near Sullivan Tslan-.l
on December 8, was towed into this har
bor by the tug Pioneer. She made the
trip down in seven days. The Topeka has
three large holes In her hull below tne
water line and goes at once to the flo
dock at Quartermaster Harbor, where she
will be repaired and overhauled.
SUPREME JUSTICE HARLAN SAYS
CONSTITUTION FOLLOWS THE FLAG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3,- 1901.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 2.— Mrs. -Nation
to-day addressed the following letter to
the people who rent buildings . to joint
keepers:
I "You have entered into partnership with
keepers of , these murder shops and our
Indignation will be alike against the shel
terer.of these criminal factors as, against
the bar fixtures and liquid damnation. If
we find ¦ unbarred doors we may . spare
them, otherwise we annihilate all opposi
tion, and you will find at a tribunal of
Justice that -your buildings will, be -held
to pay the fines of these murderers, your
partners og-alnst 'home protectors."
"MRS. CARRIE NATION."
Says She Holds Those Who Bent to
Saloon-Keepers as Equally
Guilty.
MBS. NATION WHITES TO
1 LANDLOBDS OF SALOONS
£r*cial Dispatch to The CalL
PRETORIA; Feb. 2.— The . following
statement was communicated to repre
sentatives of the press by the military
authorities this morning:
'•The enemy having left Bushveld on ac
count of fever and horse' sickness,, halving
collected In the eastern districts between
Xatal and I>elaKoa Bay' railway, having
attacked the isolated posts and threat
ened-organized attack on the eastern line,
General Kitchener decided to drive them
out and clear' the country /at supples
and cattle. With this object in view
the following columns moved on Janu
ary 27: Smith-Dorrien from Wonderfon
tein: Campbell from Mlddleburgr; Alderson
from Eerste Kabritken ; Knox from Kaai
fontein; Allnuty from Zuurfontein; Dart
nell from Springs, and Colville from-Grey
lingtetadt. The columns will keep In touch
with each other and drive the enemy out.
French commands the southern and Lyt
telton the northern column. So far little
opposition has been encountered.
"Dewot passed Thaban Chu with 3000
men. Our forces are being: sent by train
to Orange River. Three parties of colo
nial raiders are at Knysna, Lady Grey
and Galvlnla, and have • been receiving
assistance from the Dutch, but did not gel
anv recruits.
14
ALL AGES IN BONDAGE
All Classes and Conditions of.
People Have Chronic
- Catarrh.
and Young Women
Have It.
Old Men Have. It, Young Men
MOTHERS; HAVE IT.
MOTHERS AND GRAND-
Winter Weather Produces New
Cases and Aggravates Old
Cases of Catarrh.
/CATARRH spares neither strong nor
V^ weak, old or young, sick or well.
All ranks of people have chronic
catarrh; rich men, poor men, beggar men,
thieves, lawyers, ' doctors, merchants,
priests. Xot only catarrh of the head,
but catarrh of the throat, catarrh of the
lungs, catarrh of the> stomach, catarrh of
the liver, catarrh of the kidneys, catarrh
of the bowels and a multitude of women
are afflicted with catarrh of the pelvic
ore-ans.
Catarrh Is a word which Includes a mul-
titude of diseases. Nearly one-half of tho
diseases to which the human flesh is
liable are, in ; reality, nothing: more nor
less than catarrh in some phase or loca-
tion. . V '
When It Is said, therefore, that Peruna
cures catarrh wherever located, a much
larger fact is stated than at first appears.
If It be true that Peruna really does euro
catarrh wherever located 1 , what a multi-
tude of diseases Peruna will cure.
Who is it- that says Peruna- will cure
catarrh wherever located? Doctors say
It, lawyers say Jt. preachers say It,' a
vast army of men and women say it who
have tried It The old and the young say
it. They say it in- the East, in the West;
they say it.in'the North and in the-South.
, All these say that .Peruna • will cure ca-
tarrh wherever , located, and they say it
too without any solicitation, hesitation
or remuneration.- Never was a greater
assertion crowded into fewer word?, Pe-
runa cures catarrh wherever located.
Catarrh Patients Lately Cured by Dr.
Hartman. *
Thousands of people who know of Pe-
runa as a catarrh cure get It and begin
treatment. Some of these people write
to Dr. Hartman. Hundreds of letters are
received by the doctor every day. These
letters are all promptly answered free.
The cures- are numerous. These testi-
monials are not solicited and never pub-
lished except by the wish of the ones writ-
ing them. Here are a few of them: •
A Housewife Cured of Pelvic Catarrh.
<. Mrs. A. E. Stouffer of * Sabethai Kan-
sas. was troubled with headache, palpi-
tation of the heart" pain in the side and
female -weakness < pel vie catarrh). When
she wrote Dr. Hartman she had given up
air hopes of ever being cured. She took
a course of \Peruna, and says:
"Perurta has given me 1 health and
strength; It is the be3t medicine that was
ever made for women.' My friends say
they never saw '¦ such' a/ change in ,a
woman. ¦>•' I ¦¦ talk to every one about Pe-
runa. I cannot say too much for It." — Mrs
A. E. Stouffer. • -.-.--. ' -:
A Young Man Saved From Life-Long
Catarrh of the Nose.
Mrs. . Repina Roller," 315 -St. Joseph
street, Rochester. N. T., had a son who
was affected with catarrh for, six years.'
He was treated by a Rochester doctor for
catarrh of the throat; but his catarrh re-
mained.
He got so bad finally that he could hot
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦DBBBBBBBBBBBaBHBBBBHBBBBHBBBBBEBBHBBBHHHnaa«aaaaaaaaaaaaHaH
1? lull Co iUli 4>liUll&» C^^r fZT^ S
s - The weak man does not live Aiife"' // \^ J / »
V '' \ / ,S - r who cannot be made a better . i H
MEStXr^SXr \ i ///^fsSSm TnBn by wearing my Kloctrlc >t^ *- N \ , '',' '' S&ffl' ~
BB^f *\ \ I f y/^>^ Belt. None of us are perfect. -. «H\\ ,'< ! fA***^ Jl E3
JESSV^X • A*. r^^^Tl-i— 0^^ find anything that will add more — -i' ¥7«\'" . l !'^t'^'?^"Cr* BJ
CEKu ar \V J«^\- V^T>*- to such vitality as we may have .. -- S^Sr^> '.%&&£* -^^ — a
? \>"^ iZ^~ ~* "* wlU mak<J ua better. It is h-»r<l ' \S^^^^^^" '
3^3 If*, i> , <y»^. • for « weak man to have noble V34?¥£Ta3£?£«s5* 2
ldrf^^*S ¦ sentiments. Such things are \9^&yS^^^T H
faQLck -^^\ ' "-« born of warm blood, healthy • . . H
Wi X&bi \ B^ \ nerve? and a strong heart. . . • • H
m9?M DR> MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT 1
• tinM/'S'sMS Ji ak £ 8 men 8tron S. It causes the nerves to tingle with the Joyful exhilaration of. youth: it fills S
li vtfcS^^S Tm wlth a fef>1 <n? of Kladness. makes everything look bricrht and makes tha ™
1* YWuiipSttESM serves like bars of steel. Give me a man broken down from dissipation, overwork. ¦*
l» Vr^lt^m e •7I one . w « ho ha3 lost tne v ery essence of health— and I will make him f*el like a «
W XWW^M/£^k ?'°. U 2i o t * within a month. How? you usk. Simply by pumping a vital stream of electricity ES
Vlw/^^^ffiiM i y ln the ri P nt way while he sleeps. It arouses all the dormant energies, develop* B
• V W^BaPiSgf muscular and nerve life and restore? the feellnj? of youth, courage and visror. It makes men m
— JL %\) BfflJ^SSW o% er apain. It makes perfect men of the puniest, weakest specimens of "half men."
¦fflf' £S&*3*23 t»Ax-^tJ^ AN OR WOMAN WHO WILL SECTJRK MB CAN" HAVE MY APPLIANCE AND H
ftP® a^ 1 PAT ' WHEN CURED. I ASK NO PAY IN ADVANCE, m
CP^ ?SlV J Are you sick? Are you in pain? Are you a "Weak Man? Are you tired of doctorlnp and E
1 P^Moot money, wtthout result? Then come to me or write to me. I AM THE ONLY MAN ¦
I it; P , T A IE WORLD WHO HAS CONFIDENCE ENOUGH IS HIS REMEDY TO WAIT FOR El
K*Yl A HI S PAY UNTIL .YOU ARE CURED. I know what my belt will do. and as you do not you a
\\ I " f* 11 . try it first, and I will wait for my pay until you are cured. I have cured 50.000 people in the t 3
* ¦ rW ¦¦•"«¦ .' if S J 20 years, and though my belt can'r cure every case, I am willing to stand the loss whero S
, m 0t I it rails. So "come and try it now. You have nothing .to lose. » • 2!
¥/\ 1 FREE BOOK—FREE TEST. g
fj a Yl I ¦; My new illustrated book tells about my Belt and how It cures the weakness of men end • ¦
gi'\ \ 1 women. It is worth reading. I will send it closely sealed free upon request. ¦.
¦ f • 'V " n %L- 4, 1 Call > if possible, and I will explain my Belt and what it will do. I will give a free trial ¦
*^ 1 r f atmen , t to every seeker of proof of what my Belt does. Call or write to-day. Office Hours— B
8 to 8; Sundays. 10 to L . ¦ • >
MM P MM flIIPUl IM 702 MARKET STREET, 5
I Ifli Ui mULHUUnLlllf San Francisco, Cal. g
¦BBflBBBBflBBBBflflBflBBBBBBBflBIiBBflBBBBBflBBflBflflBBBBBBEBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBB-
THE HUB
(Chas. Keilvs & Co.)
MONDAY
¦ MORNING
WE WILL OFFER
ALL
OVB LAST SEASON'S
SPRING
OVERCOATS
REGARDLESS OF
FORMER PRICES.
W J qCHOIGE
THE BEST ONES GO FIRST
YOU KNOW.
. * -
f^TKEARNY ST.,
• At5/fcJ THURLOW BLOCK.
IN PUBLIC FAVOR.
i — , .
A. B>emedy for the Cure of Piles
Which Has Met With Be-
markable Success.
There are many popular medicines that
are known In every household in America,
There are blood purifiers, nerve tonics.'
headache powders, dyspepsia cures and
cough cures, which are sold in " every
drugstore. •
But all of these must divide popularity
with many rivals; no one remedy has the
field to itself with the single exception of
pile cures, for it Is a singular fact that
among the host of remedies there Is but
one pile cure that can be considered as
having a national reputation, without a
rival, and the remedy referred to is the
Pyramid Pile Cure, which for. seven years
has steadily worked Into public, favor by
reason of its extraordinary merit and a
method and a record of remarkable cures,,
until it is known from Maine ro Califor-
nia and from Manitoba to the Gulf ol
Mexico. .- ;
It Is true there are. many pile remedies
having a small local reputation for a year
or 'two, but the Pyramid Pile Cure has
rapidly supplanted them all, -and really
has the field to itself, when anything like
national popularity is considered. -.->:-«.
The explanation Is simple. It Is be-
cause piles is In no sense an imaginary
trouble, that a simple salve or ointment
wllV cure, but an obstinate, painful .and
often dangerous trouble, and a remedy to
give satisfactlfjn must "possess, positive
and very apparent merit. A person suffer-
ing from piles will not experiment -for
months with a remedy; It must give relief
and a euro in short order or it is con-
demned; . . . .-'. '¦'¦
The worst cases of piles are relieved on
the first -application. . and : - being • in sup-
pository form .; is convenient . to. use and
cures without interfering with dally occu-
pation. " • , % :
¦ Medical men use It in>preference to sur-
gical operations, because it is so safe and
painless, and the cost, compared to bene-
fit given, is a mere trifle, as all druggists
sell it at 50 cents. - • •
If suffering, from any form . of -..pIlcV
bleeding. Itching or protruding.* a trial of
tho Pyramid Pile Cure will cure you and
add another to its thousands of friends. ,
. » . - - -' . - t .
ADVEBTISKM F. UTS.
PERUNA FREES MANKIND FROM THE CHAINS OF CATARRH.
breathe through his nose At all. caught j trying doctors and began to use Peruna, Mo., writes: *"•
cold easily, was always hawking and He Is now entirely well. "My little daughter, three years olrt.
SSti£^d^eViei^L IW & I iffl' Peruna Chired This Beautiful Young was troubled with a v^ry bad cou K h
lowed Dr. Hartman's advice, took Pe- Girl of Catarrh of the Stomach. which remained after an attack of ca-
runa, and now says he feels better than \ n^o^TT.r T»tter - tarrhal fever, which was a great deal
he ever did. . ,.. ' ,.. , J, JTT AZ , -., worse at night. She would wake up cut
A Venerable Gentleman Becommends w JJ t cs- E^ens, chariestdn, of her sIeep and cou;;h imtll j feared sh0
Peruna for Catarrh of the Kidneys. "Before I be K an your treatment my cou!fl not Rtaild ic - that wd
Hon. Moses B. Crane, secretary of the stomach wa« bloated up all the time I gave her seemed I to do her any Rood-
Odin Ixxlge No 123 Independent Order could only eat boiled mil* and crackers. "I then concluded to send for Dr. Hart-
of Odd Fellows, in a letter written from and was ev ? n tnen m0!U distressed after man's book, entitled 'The Ilia of Life,'
the Odd Fellows Hall, Tacoma, Wash., eating. Was hungry all the time, but which I promptly received. I at the
says: "As an honest medicine that does did not dare eat enough to satisfy my same time commenced giving her Peruna.
all that it is claimed to do, I am glad to appetite. The doctor treated me for in- she has taken one bottle In all. through
indorse Peruna. I have had occasion to digestion, I took so much medicine, but which she has obtained a. complete cure,
observe the satisfactory results obtained nothing: did me any good. . -she also since her birth was troubled
from its use among the members of our "** Is with a happy heart I now write w j t h Indication, but since she has taken
order and others, especially in kidney you <that I am almost well, and Peruna p er una she can eat almost any kind ot
and bladder troubles, and diseases of the nas done the work. I think It is the Z6o<i without any bad resu.ts.
pelvic organs. best medicine on earth. Had it not been '-She is now aa well and happy as uny
."It affords speedy relief and satisfac- for Peruna and your kind advice, which mtle fcirl can be. When our friend? say
tory results, and the patient is not slm- I. .followed "to the letter, I should have how well sho looks. I tell them Feruna
ply cured, but stays cured. Peruna recu- °een In a lunatic s grave long ago. it. I shall always be a friend of Pe-
perates 'the entire system, and makes VI took medicine for a year and noth- runa, as "I consider It the best medicine
you feel young .and strong "and in full ing helped me jintil I took Peruna. It if or CO ughs and indiareation we have ever
vigor. Try It, and you will never regret was certainly a godsend. Our doctor tried, and will recommend it to any ono
It. It will not disappoint you."— Moses B bill amounted to a small fortune of it- similarly afflicted."
Crane. ¦ self. if you do not derive prompt and satla-
A Briffht Bov Cured of Catarrh, "of tli- " My mother and grandmother are now factory results from the use o£ Peruna.
a Biigui.j>oy v,iirea qi vttiarra oi me taking- Peruna, and it is helping them. I wr j t e at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Throat. talk Peruna to everybody. The druggist f u n statement of your case and h» will
Mr! Hoffa Frankenfleld of Williams- tel19 me he selIs more °{ } l than any be pleased to -give you his valuable ad-
port. was troubled with catarrh ot other medicine. It is grand. vice gratis. ,.
the throat. He could not sleep at night How a Mother faved a Baby Daughter. Address Dr. Hartman. President or TD«
i and finally got so weak that he gave up Mrs. J. M. Brown, Dunnegan Springs. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbu3, Ohio.The spectacle was so quickly past that
the spectators hardly realized it or had
time to bare their heads, or comprehend
the details when a group of magnificently
attired horsemen, with sparkling helmets,
mounted on beautiful chargers, was be
fore them.
Immediately after the company about
the coffin, three roval mourners rodo
abreapt. King Edward VII was the cen
tral figure of the three, but no less osten
tatious a person was seen In the proces
sion. A black chapeau. with a plume of
white feathers was on his head, and ! a
long black cloak was buttoned around
him and hung down over the biff, black
horse which he was riding.
The King J s familiar face seemed grave
The infantry marched in columns of
fnur, with rifles re versed- They were
half an hour in passing. Then came
Field Man-hal Earl Roberts and his staff,
and after t?i*"ta four massed bands play
ing funeral marches. Three hundred mu
sicians announced liic coming of the body
The King- and the other? mounted and
the procession started. The procession.
Aside from the gun carriage bearing th«
oofBn. and the royaJ fa.mily and official
mourners a±>out it, ¦was not noteworthy.
Parliament, the judiciary and the com
mercial bodic-s wrere not represented.
Royalty, the army and navy, monopolized
rhe ;>«£earit Three thousand soldiers and
im'lill ¦_ picked companies representing all
branches of the service— cavalry, artillery,
icfajitry, yeomanry, militia volunteers and
colonimlfl — farmed Mm advance escort.
Th^T marched slowly and without music.
Most of the uniform; 5 were covered with
dark overcoats, and the standards were
draped with black, the officer? wearing
band* of crap«- on ineir sleeves.
Then the bearer party advanced to tho
R&ioon carriage, and with his hand at
RaJute and et-andine a little in advance
at the others. King Kdward watched the
painfully slow removal of the coffin to
the gun carriage. It was finally accom
plished and the pall and the regalia, of
the Xiritlsii crown were placed on the
coffin.
All heads were uncovered as the sa
loon carnage bearing the Queen's remains
stopped exactly opposite th» gun carriage
and King Edward. Queen Alexandra^ Em
peror William ar.fl othf rs alighted.
AA lth the exception that rubber tires
•were on. the wheels, the gun carriage was
*ls If in actual use. The place for the cof
fin to rest was over the grun.
It was then nearly 11 o'clock wtien cries
were heard of "The King of Portugal's
Iior6e," "the Grand Duke ot Hesse's
rioire." As the Princess mounted the train
steamwl into the station a minute ahead
of time.
It wap the little khaki-colored gun car
riage whlrh was to carry Queen Victoria's
remains from Victoria to l'addlngton Sta
tion. The clpht Hanoverian cream-col
ored horses, which aJso drew the late
Queen on the occasion of the Jubilee, were
used to-day. The gold harnessed, scarlet
coated pofitiiirns and scarlet and gold
covered errooms who held each of the
Tiorses by the bridle were all the same.
Only the little gun carriage. Instead of
the glittering glass and gold coach, mark
ed th<» change.
Following: the ohrrlafTPf 1 and preceded by
en officer came an object at Fight of
which every hand in the animated throng
instinctively came to the salute and eve. y
I*f>ad waj* l»ared.
nelfl Marsha! Earl Roberts, on a beau
tiful, spirited brown mare. oarryinfiT his
lieid marshal's baton, at this juncture
trotted into the station and became the
center of interest. He was coon followed
by th«» Karl marshal, the Duke of Nor
folk, and by many of the most distin
guished British officers. Then came the
carriages for the Quern and the Prin
cesses. They were the Ftate carriages
used on the occasion of the Queen's Jubi
lee, with beautiful frold-mounted brass
and trapping*. The horses were ridden
by postilions In scarlet jackets, with only
a narrow band of crape on their arms, as
a. mark of the great change. The car
riages were closed.
and careworn. He looked straight ahead,
apparently at the gun carriage, on which
was the body ol the sovereign whose
glory and responsibilities he had inher
ited. He did not see. or gave no si. 1 ", of
seeing, the long ranks of soldiers hedging
back tho populate about him. Th;>
windows, crowded with black-bonneted
women, the multitude of uncovered
heads, the purple draperies and the green
wreaths everywhere he passed like a man
ajone who looked like he cared not for
the world about him, and the sentiment
his presence Inspired was only sympathy
and pity. The people seemed to see in
the King one of themselves, and the deep
murmurs which arose : iere and there car
ried a note of sorrow and love almost a-*
deep as the expressions which greeted
the passage of the coffin of their Queen.
Beside King E<lwa.rd rode Emperor
William, his nephew and neighbor. Tin
unique, commanding figure ol the German
Emperor could not for a moment be mis
taken. He looked every inch a soldier
and the commander ef men. His Im
perial Majesty gJanoci right and left as
he rode, and his hand was frequently
raised to the red ami white feathers
hanging over his hat a? he responded to
the salutes. Emperor William aiAo wore
a black cloak over nis British Held mar
shal's uniform, and the splendid white
charger beneath him pranced up and
down, giving his Majesty an opportunity
to display fine horsemanship.
On the King's left rode his brother, the
Duke of Connaught, a man of soldierly
appearance, but almost unnoticed and un
recognized by the people.
In the second rank, behind, rode two
more sovereigns, the Kings of Greece and
Portugal, both glittering with gold lace.
There followed a dazzling array of mem
bers of royal families numbering about
forty in all, and ridir.? three abreast. So
close were they together and so quickly
did they pass that Individuals, prospective
rulers of empires. Kingdoms and princi
palities could not be distinguished.
The next section of the procession In
cluded the six royal carriages.
A far from numerous military escorts,
Including a deputation from .the Queen's
German Dragoon Regiment.- composed the
but section of the procession.
Ten minutes after the coffin appeared
the funeral procession had passed and the
music of the dirges drifted back across
St James Park.
After the funeral party itself the domi
nating figure of the day was Field Mar
shal Earl * Roberts. When his popular,
weil-known ! bronzed fao? came into view
the people forgot the solemnity of the oc
casion and broke Into cheers, also shout
ing "Bobs" and other expressions of fa
miliar approval.
The military attaches of all the em
bassies and legations were with Lord
Roberts' staff. In the front ranks rode
the American attache. Major Edward B.
Cassatt. in an infantry officer's full
dress. The funeral procession occupied
two hours in passing.
From Victoria Station to Paddlngton, a
distance of three miles, the decorations
everywhere were Impressive, but not
elaborate.' Purple draperies, hung with
green wreaths. predominated. Flags
were on most of the buildings. The really
impressive exhibition of mourning was
the black clothing worn by practically all
the people, who, as the streets, windows,
stands and roofs everywhere were cov
ered with spectators, gave the whole scene
a sombre hue.
CEREMONIES
ARE HELD IN
THE CHAPEL
The grounds of Buckingham Palace were
filled with civil officials and their families.
Pensioners from Chelsea ¦ and Greenwich
held the Sidewalks outside the palace. St.
James Park was packed with a crowd of
about 20.000 people, who overran the
flower beds, stood on the fences and
swarmed in . the tree?, sitting on the
branches and qlinging to the limbs dur
ing the long hours of waiting. It was too
much to expect the populace to maintain
a mourning demeanor and they fought
th- policemen, smashed hats and chaffed
the programme venders, after the custom
of a London holiday crowd; but when the
bejls began to ring the whole people felt
the solemnity of the day and the de
meanor of the crowds while the proces
sion was passing was one of the most
Impressive features of the day.
«— — •
"WINDSOR, Feb. 2. — By noon many no
tabilities in full uniform had arrived and
the streets were jammed. The scarlet
cloaks of the Life Guards, the busbies of
the Grenadiers and the infantry, lined the
streets picturesquely. The court-yard of
the castle was filled with privileged spec
tators. Exquisite wreaths were placed
outside the chapel walls and almost cov
ered the steps up which the '¦ coffin was
brought. Inside people In gorgeous uni
forms and In deep black were taking ud
bulance Association attended 1305 persons
injured during the funeral crush to-day in
London. The association had 701 doctors
and nurses busy at twenty-six stations.
LONDON. Feb. 2.— Simultaneously with
the funeral services at 'Windsor impres
sive memorial services were held at St.
Paul's, Westminster Abbey and churches
of every denomination; throughout the
United Kingdom. The Lord Mayor and
corporation and representatives of the
city guilds and public bodies of all kinds
attended the cathedral.
PARIS. Fab. 2.— Flags draped with
crape floated from the Elysee and all pub
lic buildings to-day and every - English
place of business was closed. At 11
o clock- the official services in the church
in the Rue d'Aguessau were held in the
exact form of the services at St. Paul's
London.
IMPRESSIVE
TRIBUTES AT
WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— In thepresence
of a distinguished' assemblage, Including
the President of the United States and his
entire Cabinet, impressive tribute to-day
was rendered to England's dead Queen.
The ceremony occurred at St. John's Epis
copal Church, beginning at 11 o'clock this
morning, and was distinctly official in
character. The British Embassador, Lord
Pauncefote, had been directed by the Lon
don Foreign Office to bestow this last
mark of respect to the dead sovereign and
the time was chosen so as to correspond
exactly with the solemn pageant In ix>n
don.
Within the sanctuary were great masses
of flowers, with tall palms and potted
plants and purple badges or mourning. In
stead of somber black, in accordance with
the precedent established in London.
President McKinley and members of his
Cabinet arrived shortly befofe 11 o'clock
anu were escorted to seats on the ngnt of
the church, Immediately fronting the
chancel. With the President sat Secre
taries Hay, Gage and Root, while back
of them were Secretaries Long, Hitchcock
and Wilson, Attorney General Griggs and
Postmaster General Smith. Chief Jus
tice Fuller ana the Associate Justices of
the United States Supreme Court occu
pied pews Immediately back of the Presi
uential party, while to the right were
ranged Senators and members -of tho
House of Representatives, including the
presiding officer of the Senate, Mr. Frye,
and Speaker Henderson'.
The presence of- the diplomatic corps in
full uniform lent a touch of orilllancy to
the otherwise somber surroundings. Lord
Pauncefote was in ti.e full uniform ot
nis high diplomatic ottice with a black
band about hl« left arm, and a knot of
crape on tne hilt of nis sword. He wua
accompanied by Lady Pauncefote, and
the Hon.' Misses Pauncefote and by
the members of the embassy staff. Each
of the other British officials wore a heavy
band of crape about tne ie£t arm. The
British embassy officials occupied seats
fronting the chancel, to the left of tho
President.' Across the aisle sat the Frencn
Embassador, M. Cambon: the Russian
Embassador, Count Casslni: tne German
iumbassador, Dr. Von Holieben; tne
Italian Embassador, Baron Fava; and the
Mexican Embassador, Scnor Azplroz. each
in the full uniform of ambassadorial rank
Back of them were- ranged the Ministers
of . various countries, including Duko
d'Arcos, the Spanish Minister; the Turk
ish Minister and his suite, and the Chi
nese Minister and members of his staff.
Half way back sat Lieutenant General
Miles and Admiral Dewey, accompanied
by their large staffs, in uniform. Back
of them were ranged many admirals, gen
erals and officers of lesser rank. An added
military aspect to the occasion was given
by the presence Of army and navy offi
cers in full uniform,- ncting as ushers
At 11 o'clock the soft strains of the or
gan and the distant sound of the proces
sional hymn floated through the edifice
and witn measureu treaa the white
robed choir-boys entered the sanctuary
singing "For All Thy Saints." Following
them came the many church officials tak
ing part in the ceremonies. Including
Bishop Henry Y. Satterlee. D. D. of
Washington; Dr. \W. Alexander Mackay-
Smith, rector of St. John's Church;*Dr
Randolph H. McKim, rector of the Church
of the Epiphany, and Rev. Ernest M. Pad
dock, acting chaplain to ' the Bishop.
The service was that of the Church ' of
England for the burial of the dead. The
lesson, taken from First Corinthians, was
read by Dr. Mackay-Smith and Dr. Pad.
dock led in the Intonation of the prayers
Dr.'McICIm read the burial ritual of the
Episcopal church. ' and Bishop Satterlee
pronounced the benediction. Then, as the
choristers moved from ¦ the .. sanctuary
singing I the recessional • hymn, the Presi
dent and his party and the distinguished
assemblage quietly .withdrew and the im
pressive tribute to ; England's . deceased
Queen was at an end. ¦
PORTSMOUTH, Feb. 2.— Before 9 o'clock
this morning the remains' of the Queen
were taken from the royal yacht Alberta
•to a special carriage and conveyed to the
King's train, which started for London at
8:53 a. m. amid the boom of the guns from
the forts. The scene was pathetic and Im
posing. The King, accompanied by Queen
Alexandra and some Princesses, who
passed the night on board the royal yacht
Victoria and Albert, proceeded to the
royal yacht Alberta In a steam launch.
There -was a short service on the yacht
before the body was removed, the Duke
of Connaught, the Crown Prince of Ger
many, Prince Arthur of Connaught.
Prince Henry of Prussia, the, Duke of
Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Princess
Henry of Battenberg -being present.
The coffin was placed on the dais, and
Admiral Sir Nowell Salmon, King Ed
ward, Queen Alexandra. Emperor Wil
liam and the other members of the royal
family took their seats : and the train
moved off.
LONDON. . Feb. 2.-Tha St. ; John's .. Am-
ROYAL COFFIN
IS TRANSFERRED
7 0 THE TRAIN
The Duke of Cambridge had to be helped
to a' stall, being unable to stand any
longer.
As the benediction was pronounced the
King and all present bent their heads low.
An impressive feature was the king of
arnTs' pronouncement of the titles of the
deceased. Standing before the altar, he
went through the old formula, ending up
with "God save the King," delivered so
forcefully and dramatically that his hear
ers started, sunk into a realization of the
change of regime which had so suddenly
come about.
At 4 o'clock the service was over. The
Archbishop of Canterbury bowed his head
on the altar and prayed and , the Kings
and Princes passed to the left of the altar,
leaving the coffin and passing into the
castle.
their places. Pages wearing the dress of
the George III period, with big lace rullles.
broad red coats and white breeches and
ptockings, flitted here and there, the court
attendants in black and gold were moving
about.
St. George's Chapei was a magnificent
sight and divided attention with the offi
cials and college of heralds, gorgeous in
quaint mantles, tabards and insignia, and
the Yeomen of the Guard, carrying the
halberds at slope.
At 3:30 p. m. the doors pwiinir open. "I
Am the Resurrection" was sung by the
choir. Slowly the white-robed boys made
their way up the aisle. After the Arch
bishop of Canterbury came the whlto
robes, then the coffin, and then the equer
ries, carrying the pall and regalia. Gren
adiers carried the cothn. • Walking to
gether came the King. Emperor William
and the Duke of Connaught. Beside them
were the King of the Belgians, the King
of Greece and the King of Portugal, and
after them came' the royal princes, who
filled the chancel ami aisles ajid whose
suites crowded into the naive. Choate. In
evening dress, entered with the procession
and sat at the corner, near the master of
ceremonies.
The choir, having passed to the right
of the altar and the Queen and Princesses,
passed to their positions in the Queen's
gallery, overlooking the altar, the ser
vices proceeded. The strains of the organ
died away and the choir commenced sing
ing softly the sentences for the dead. The
solemn, cortege proceeded up the naive,
which was thronged with the highest and
noblest women of England. "Lord. Thou
Hast Been Our Refuce," to Felton's set
ting, was next sung by the choir,- which
had now taken its tflace in the transept
to the right of the altar. .
The coffin rested upon a catalfalqu--)
placed at the steps of tho altar. The
cross over the communion table was cov
ered with white flowers and the rod*
behind were almost concealed with sprays
of fern dotted with lilies. The Bishop of
Winchester read the lesson from the fifth
Corinthians. "Man That Is Born of
Woman" was chanted by the choir to
Wesley's music, followed by "Thou Know
est. Lord, the Secrets of Our Hearts."-
The Dean of Windsor read "I Heard a
Voice" and the choir sang the Lord'3
Prayer to the music composed especially
for the dead Queen by Gounod. Once
more the strains of the choir welled up
through the ancient rhapel with the sing
ing of "How Blessed Are They That
Die," by Tschaikowsky.
The Archbishop of Canterbury read the
Collect and with quavering voice pro
nounced , the benediction. There was a
sc'.emn pause -while all heads bowed. A
fev- sobs were -heard and the choir then
broke the oppressive stillness with the
sweet harmony of the "Dresden Amen."
The Archbishop stood at the altar steps,
directly before the coffin. On his left was
the Bishop of Winchester, clad in scarlet
robes, who read the regular lesson for the
dead.
SCENE OF THE IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL SERVICES AT WINDSOR YESTERDAY AND THE MAUSOLEUM AT
FROGMORE. WHERE THE REMAIN'S OF QUEEN VICTORIA WILL, BE PLACED AT FINAL REST. THE
ROYAL COFFIN* WILL. REMAIN IN THE CHAPEL UXTIL TO-MORROW.
Harrow School, in England, was found
ed In 1571 by John Lyon, a yoeman.
ADELAIDE. South Australia, Teh. 2.—
Dispatches received hen; show that bust
ness was entirely suspended throughout
the colony to-day. Train trade ceased
simultaneously for tan minutes.
Observances in Australia.
I>omlnion»of Canada to-day 1» being- ob
served as a day of mourning. In Montreal
the absence of people on the streets up tu
church time reminded one of Sunday. In
all churches solemn requiem services wera
held. All business was suspended.
Dominion of Canada Mourns.
MONTREAL^ Feb. 2.— Throughout th*
tenant Commander Fechteler, Commander F.
S. ¦ Thompson, navy pay Inspector. .
Commander U. Sebree, United States light
house inspector; Surgeon J. M. Gassaway,
United StateJ Marine Hospital; Dr. J. H.
White. United States Marine Hospital: Dr. J.
J. Klnyoun. United States Quarantine Officer.
United States Revenue Service — Captain
Coulson, • Lieutenant P. W. Thompson, Lieu
tenant W. W, Joynes, Lieutenant M. E. Lee,
Lieutenant Dodge, Chief Surgeon J. H.
Chalker, Assistant Surgeon J. J. . Bryan. Cap
tain Cushing, Assistant Engineer H. K. Spen
cer. Lieutenant D. P. Foley, Captain A. C.
Hamllt, Chief Engineer J. Q. Doyle, Lieuten
ant J. Mel. Lieutenant S. P. Edmonds, Lieu
tenant H. M. Pope, Lieutenant. A. H. Buk
ner,' Chief Engineer C. F. Nash. Assistant En
gineer H. -Kotrschmar,.. Assistant Engineer F.
C. Snyder. Captain F. M. Menlger, Assistant
Engineer C. W. Zasbrow.
FOREIGN' CONSULS — Argentine ! Republic.
W. Y. LoaUa, Consul; Auntro-Hunaraiian Em
pire, Francis Korbel. Consul; Belgium, Leon
Gulelain, Consul, W. B. Chapman, honorary Con
rui; Brazil. R de la Vega, Consul ; China. Ho
Yow. Consul General. Show Enng, Consul;
Chile, Juan A. Per»lra, Consul ; • Colombia. •
Exlpion Canal, Consul; Costa Rica. J. M.
Tlnoco, Consul General; Denmark. H. H.
Blrkholm. Consul; Ecuador. L. F. Lastreto.
Consul;. France. H. de St. Laurens. Acting Con
sul and Chancellor; German Empire, Adolph
Rosenthal. Consul General, Oswald Lohan,
Vice Consul: Great Britain. William Clayton
Plckersgiil. C. B.. Consul General. Wellesley
Moore.- Vice Consul; Greece. H. S. Martin.
Consul; Guatemala, Felipe Gallcla, Consul
General^ Honduras, Eustorjlo Calderon, Con
sul: Italy. Chevalier CF. Serra. Consul. E^
Scodelettl. secretary; Mexico, A. K. Coney,
Consul General, G. Levy, Chancellor: Para
guay, P. J. Van Loben Sels, ¦ Consul; Peru,
Enrique Grou, Consul; Portugal,- J. de Costa
Duarti, Consul H. J. Laldley. Vice Consul:
Russia. Paul Kosakevltch. Consul, Horace O.
.Flatt. Vice Consul; Salvador. B. MeJIa. Consul
General; 'Spain. D, J. del Amo, . Consul, Camllo
Martin, Vice' Consul ; Sweden . and Norway.
Henry Lund, Consul: Switzerland. J. Freuler.
Acting Consul. B. de Conlon; Turkey. George
E. Hall. -Consul General; Uruguay. Jone Costa;
Japan, S. Yokota, Acting Consul, H. Yoshtoka,
secretary. *
CIVIL OFFICIALS— Mayor. James D. Phe
lan: Chief of Police. W. P. Sullivan: United
States Appraiser, J. T. Dare; United States
Marshal, J. H. Shine; Deputy United States
Marshal, -A. L.- Fairish: -United States Attor
ney. F. L. Coombs: Judge United States Dis
trict Court, J. J. de Haven; Judges United
States Circuit Court of; Appeals, W. B. Gil
bert, E. M. Boss and W. W. Morrow;
Surveyor of Customs, - J. Spear Jr.;
Deputy Surveyor of Customs. C. M.
St. John; Entrance Clerk. T. H. Craig; Com
missioner of ' Immigration. H. H. North: Dep
t'ty. Commissioner of Immigration, II. H.
Schell ; Collector of Customs. F. S. Straiten :
Chief Clerk of Customs, E. B. Jerome; Deputy'
Collector of Customs. N. S. Farley: Cashier of
Customs. Clement Perkins; Deputy, Collector
of Customs, Vf. B. Hamilton; Auditor of Cus
toms. G. W. Cope: Master In Chancery, Judge
E. II. Heacock: United States Commissioners,
0. E. Morse end J. S. Manley: Naval Officer.
J. P. Irish: Deputy Naval Officer, E. W.
Maher; Postmaster, -W. W. Montague; Assist
ant Postmaster, B. F. McKlnley; Chief Justice
of California. W. H. Beatty: Justices of the
Supreme Court. T. B. McFarland, R. H. Har
rison. C. H. Garoutte. ¦ J._Temple, F. W. Hen
shaw and W. Van Dyke; Attorney General.
Tlrey L'. Ford; President. Chamber of Com
merce Charles Nelson; President of University
of R«.lif6rnla. B. I. Wheeler: President of
Stanford University. Tf. S. Jordan: Clerk of
United " States Circuit Court. Southard Hoff
man; Deputy Clerk of United States Circuit
Court. ¦*\."- B. Bealzley; Special Agent of
Treasury. J. D. Power: Posto/tlce Inspector.
R.R. Morrow; United States Secret Service
Agent, G. W. Hazen; United States Shipping
Commissioner. C. F. Bassett; Chief Deputy
Shipping Commissioner. S. H. Parker: Speaker
-of- House of Assembly: President of State Sen
ate: Clerk United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, Frank D. Monckton: Deputy Clerk of
United S\ates Circuit Court of Appeals, Mere
dith Sawyer.
CLERGY— Revs. Dr. Gibson. W. C. Jenkins.
Charles Palm, J. H. Kelley. W. C. Pond. P.
J. Dickson. I." J. Luce. ; H. T. Shepherd. P.
Coombe. F. B. Bartlett. Herbert Parrish. L.
C. Stanford, Rabbis 'Voorsanger and Xleto,
D. C. Garrett. E. . J. Lion. . Robert Mac
kenzie. H. H. Bell, C. G. Peterson. II. Bevier
1. M. Condi U E. H. Avery.
* Admiral Merrill Miller, commandant Mare
Island Navy Yard; Captain G.. E. Ide, Lieu-
Major General - J. H. Dickinson. N. G C •
Brigadier General ; R. H. TVarfleld, N. G. . C."
Among. those invited to the service and
who were seated on the platform or in the
body of the Pavilion were:
ARMY AND NAVY OFPICERS-MaJor Oen-|
eral W. R. Shatter; Lieutenant Colonel M. P.
Maus, inspector. general, and J. B. Babcock,
adjutant general, Department of Pacific.
Engineer • Department — Colonel S. M. Mans
field. Major \V. S. Heuer, Major | E. C. I>.
Davis. • .
Quartermaster's Department and Transport-
Captain J. -Barneson. Colonel O. F. Long.
. ¦ Judge Advocate— Major S. N. Grosbeck.
Lieutenant . Colonel J. . M." Marshall, depart
ment quartermaster general ; Major J. H. Gal
lagher, chief commissary; Colonel TV. H. For
wood. assistant surgeon general; Colonel F.
M. Cpxe, assistant paymaster • general ; Major
Frank Greene, chief signal officer; Lieutenant
Colonel Ed Field, artillery, inspector; Major
W. ¦ H. ' Arthur, assistant to ch\et surgeon;'
Major J. H. Hall, in charge medical supply
department; Major C. E. > Kllbourne. paymas
ter; Major W. H. Baldwin, commissary of
Roll of Guests of Honor.
The service was a simple one, but the
most impressive portion of the gather
ing, was the remarkable quietude which
pervaded the vast audience. As quietly as
they came, so 'the thousands departed,
having in* honor of England's great sov
ereign taken part in the largest and most
remarkable funeral service ever held in
San Francisco.
Forty police officers, twelve firemen,
twelve Red Cross nurses, three surgeons
and an ambulance were On duty in the
hall, . but the services of none of them
were required.
The orchestra under the .direction of
Dr. H. J. Stewart, who wore hla- robes,
then played a weirdly sublime fu
neral march, during which the British
and American flags were half-masted on
the flagpoles . in front of the platform,
little Miss Charlotte d'Evelyn raising the
British flag and Miss Gertrude Elliott
hoisting the stars and stripes. Both flags
were draped In crape. At the close of the
funeral march the entire audience joined
the massed choirs in singing the late
Queen's favorite hymn, "Nearer, My God,
to Thee," which was followed by the
invocation, delivered by Bishop Nichols.
The burial service of the English liturgy
was then read by the Bishop, and Rev.-
Dr. Gardner read the psalter. Rev. Dr.-
Clampett read the lesson, consisting of
chapter 20, First Corinthians. Tenny- V
son's beautiful poem, "Crossing the Bar,"
was feelingly sung by a quartet consist
ing of Miss Millie Plynn, Mrs. Birmings
ham. Mr. Fortesque and Mr. Kneiss, the
music having been composed by Dr. Stew
art. The choir and audience then sang
"Rock of Ages," after which Rev. Dr.
Hemi>hill offered up prayers for the Eng
lish royal family. ''Abide With Me" was
then sung by tho choirs and audience.
Chopin's never to be , forgotten funeral
march was then played by the orchestra,
led by ."Wallace A. Sabin,- and as the sol
emn strains fell over the hushed audience
men and women were seen weeping in j
every part of the building.
Fourteen thousand voices then joined in
singing "God Save Our Gracious King,"
and with the benediction, pronounced by
Rev. Dr. Guthrie, the service came to an
end.
Impressive Service of the Dead.
The interior of the Pavilion was In keep
ing with the solemn occasion. »Every
ray of light was shut out by covering the
windows with black paper, more than 12,
000 square yards being used for that pur
pose. Around the gallery draperies of
black and white were gracefully testooned.
wreaths of laurel and "Imperial violets
being hung at regular Intervals. At the
Polk-street end of the Pavilion the plat-'
form was erected on which the invited
guests were seated. Back, of the plat
form a canopy forty feet high had been
built. It was artistically draped In biack,
white and imperial purple, the same colors
pervading around the platform. Shields
of American and British flags were fas
tened at each side of the canopy.' On -the
purple body of the canopy a royal crown,
made of English dafodlls, appeared, the
Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack en
twining the lloral piece. Beneath the
crown appeared in azaleas the words,
"Victoria, R. I:; Memoriae Suae, Pax."
At the front of the platform were two
flagpoles, which were used (during the
service for raising the American and
British flags. A lectern from Trinity
church was placed directly in the front
center of the platform and was flanked
by a floral cross of orchids and laurels
and a gigantic flower vase of roses.' The
cross bore white satin streamers, with the
words, "Simply to Thy Cross I Cling,"
and the vase had purple silk, streamers
with the words, "Peace, Peace, Peace,"
which are said to have been the last
words of the Queen. Laurel, evergreen,
lilies and other flowers were freely used
in the decoration of the platform. The
choir of 400 voices and the orchestra of
fifty men were on the main floor of the
Pavilion beneath the platform. For an
hour before the service commenced a bell,
placed high up in the rafters, was tolled
at half-minute Intervals and continued its
mournful sound until the conclusion of
the opening funeral march.
At 2:30 p. m. the sound of the bagpipes
was heard approaching and slowly the in
vited guests marched into tho Pavilion.
At the head of the procession were Dr
d'Evelyn in the uniform of the Frontier
Light Horse and Walter N. Will of the
Imperial Light Horse in khaki uniform.
Behind them came Pipers I. N". R. Sor
ensdale and Adam A. Ross, playing the
"Lament of the Clans." Then followed
the clergy, consular corps in uniform,
army and navy officers in uniform, Na
tional Guard officials in uniform, civic and
State officials, distinguished citizens and
the officiating clergy in their robes. The
entire audience rose as the procession
came into view and remained standing.
It was a sight never to be forgotten and
deeply Impressed itself on all who were
present. The weird, walling notes of the
bagpipes, the roll of the muffled drums,
the tolling of the bell and the vast audi
ence, fllling every corner of the big Pa
vilion, formed a spectacle the like of
which has never been seen in this city.
As the procession marched on to the plat
form Consul General Pickersglll saluted
the guests, and when air were seated- took
his place in the center of the platform
immediately behind the officiating clergy,
who were Bishop Nichpls. Rev. Drs.
Hernphlll, .Clampett and Gardner.
At 1:15 p. m. the doors were opened and
the crowd which had waited in silence
slowly entered the building. There was
no crowding or Jostling, and even the
police officers, used to handling crowds,
remarked on the orderly and quiet de
meanor of- the vast audience. The ar
rangements for seating - the multitude
were perfect and reflect the highest credit
on the reception committee. The special
ly invited guests, consisting of the con
sular corps, army and navy officers,
clergy, civic and . State officials and dis
tinguished citizens, entered the Pavilion
by the. Hayes-street entrance, where they
were received by Consul General Pickers
gill, Vice Consul' W. Moore, Thomas Price
of the -Welsh societies, James McNab of
the Victoria Hospital and Dr. Frederick
d' Evelyn, chairman . of the reception
committee. The holders of gallery tickets
entered on Grove street and the general
public was admitted by the main doors on
Larkln street, where "William Greer Har
rison received them on behalf of the com
mittee.
Among the thousands who flocked to the
Pavilion there was not to be seen a bright
color of dress: many were clad in black,
¦while others wore dark shades of cloth
ing. Crape mourning bands ¦were worn
on the left arm by the majority of those
who attended the service.
Long before the hour' announced for
the opening of the doors, the various en
trances to Mechanics' Pavilion were be
sieged by large crowds. The police • on
duty might have been elsewhere, for there
was not the slightest need -for their ser
vices. Men and women of mature year*
stood shoulder to shoulder with both sexe*
of robust youth and childhood, all Im
pelled by the idea of paying their respeccs
to the great sovereign who was to be laid
to her rest in the country far away.
Largest Crowd in City's History.
march, Chopin's, in its splendid music of
tears. Men and women ¦were not ashamed
to weep as the sad music overcame them.
Slowly. impre^Slvelv the music of tho
dirge faded away and then there was tin
shrill, triumphant, brilliant - blast of the
trumpets. Each sound seemed pregnant
with victory. The great audience arose
and "God Save the King" swelled in
tremendous volume of sound. throughout
the building. The flags which drooped at
half-mast upon their standards wer*
raised. The service of death, one of the
most impressive ever celebrated In San
Francisco, was over.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUAEY 3, 1901.
Continued from Page Thirteen.
SAN FRANCISCO
MOURNS TOO
NATIONS MOURN
LATE QUEEN
Continued from Page Tldrteen.
UNIVERSAL TRIBUTES TO THE MEMORY OF VICTORIA
of the Queen. ' There was a long- array
of court officials, under the leadership of
the Duke of Norfolk, parl marshal, all
attired quaintly and brilliantly and bear-
Ing maces or wands. Most of them were
elderly men who had for years served tho
roynj lady for whom they were perform
ing the last offices.
Most of the spectators expected an Im
posing catafalque, and the coffin was al
most past before they recopnlzed Its pres
ence by removing their hats. It was a
pathetically small oblong block concealed
beneath a rich pall of white salin. on the
corners of which gleamed the Jfcyal arnii.
Across tt.« pa!l tiie royal standard was
draped and a larp- crown of Kold, en
crusted with Jewels, rested at the head
of the coffin, which was at the end of. the
gun carriage, jupt over the gun. On tho
foot of the coffin were two small crowns
with a gold and jeweled scepter lying be
tween them.
The eight horses which drew the gun
carriage were "almost concealed beneath
th^lr rich harness. A larpe bow of pur
ple was attached to the coffin. This was
the only symbol of mourning.
Around the coffin walked the stalwart
bearers, non-commissioned officers of the
Guard and Household Cavalry, and on
either side were the Queen's equerries,
lords-ln-walting and physicians. ' All the
uniforms were covered with long dark
cloaks.
15
i S oane s
CABPETS.
The highest grade Tapestry
Brussels at 75e per yard.
Regularly sold at $i per yd
Body Brussels of the highest
grades at Si. 25 per yard
Regularly sold at $1.^0 pr yd
Heavy Grade Wilton Vel-
vets at $1.00 per yard.
Regularly sold at $1.2^ pr yd
These prUe* Include Sewing, Laying
' and Lining.
ruMmjRE.
Immense
Assortment
Of the latest designs. Goods
from the most famous manu-
facturers at Reductions of
25 to 50 %
Off Regular Prices!
LACE CURTAINS,
FURNITURE COVERINGS,
DRAPERY FABRICS
At Exceptional Values.
¦ *
SEE CU3 DISPLAY IN SHOW WINDOW.
Largest Stock on the Coast
to Select From.
W.&.J.Sloans&Co
Carpets — Furniture— Upholstery.
114, 116/118, 120, 122 POST ST.
DO NOT NEGLECT
HI: j YOUR KIDNEYS
Because if Kidney Trouble Is Permitted to Continue
Fatal Results are Sore to Follow.
illllllllf J^ Iliffl
Weak Kidneys Caused by Orerwori, by Lifting or a Strain.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Renndy, Will
Bo for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible for more s!ck~
ness and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when
through neglect op other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
It used to bs considered that only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys* but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their beginning in tho disorder of
these most important organs*
Your other organs may need attention- but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great'kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys arc -well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr. your water frequently nleht and day.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney smarting or.. Irritation in passing, brlck-
and bladder remedy. Is soon realized. It £"*{¦ ° r . sediment in the urine, headache,
stands the highest tor its wonderful cures %ti^'*£&M^t^&k&£&
of the most- distre33ine cases.. Swamp- due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
Root will 6et your • whole system right, tlons from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
and the best pr«of of this is a trial. matlsm, diabetes, bloating, Irritability.
ia -n.-».» ii-fh «? *r.w V«-v r>i»~ wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
Dear sir* ' " ' *"oe3°i«h?»oo, »? flesn - sa »<>^ complexion, or Brishfa
-"I have been suffering «everely from kidney disease.
trouble. All symptoms were on hand; my I? your water, when allowed to remain
former strength and power- had left me; I undisturbed In a glass or bottle for
could hardly drat myseK alone, pven my twenty-four hours, forms a se-dlment or
mental capacity was giving out. and often I •jptrlinzr nr hns a rimirt-v nr»n»-»m n»»« H ;<¦
wished to dlV. It wu then I saw an advertise- Evidence tha* TOUr kidnevs^nd blkAde?
ment of yours in a New York paper, but would nppd bladder
not have DaM any attention to it. had it not nee <J immediate attention,
promised a sworn guarantee with every bottle If you have the slightest symptoms of
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp- kidney or bladder trouble, or if there Is a
Root Is purely vegetable, and does not contain trace of It in your family history, send at
any harmful drugs. I am seventy years and once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Birghamton.
four months old, and with a good conscience. I V Y who will pladlv «»nr1 vmi hv mall
can • recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers rmmediatelv without rn-» tn vmi « «™
froin kidney troubles. Four members of my J™.™™ L»^l ii *<£-£ ? %> I tO /°S 1 a , Sam "
family have been usin* Swamp-Root fdr four P le bottle of Swamp-Root and a book con-
different kidney diseases, with the same good taming many of the thousands upon thou-
results." sands of testimonial letters received from.
With many thanks to you. I remain, men and women cured. Be sure to say
Very truly yours. that you read this generous offer in t&o
ROBERT BERNER. S an Francisco Sunday Call.
I .You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Boot ia pleasant to take and la
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, for sale the world over at druggists in
sent free by mail, postpaid, bywhieh you bottles of two sized and two prices— fifty
may test its virtues for such disorders as cents and one dollar. Remember the
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases, name. Swamp- Root, and the address,
poor digestion, when . obliged to pass Btnghamton, N. Y.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
"B.'KATSCHlNSKiJf
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
'¦ 10 THIRD ST., Saa Francisco. |]
EXTRAHiGHGOT
Just Right Short Skirts 1
We have taken an account of stock tj
and find we have too many high cut EJ
shoes on hand. They «hould have ar- ||
rived befor* the holidays, but were dp- M
layfd. no we are going to sacrifice them. M
LADIES' FINE VICI KID LACE tj
I SHOES. 9 Inches high, golf cut or u
straight foxed, coin toes and kid or I]
patent leather tips, and double soles, fi
Reduced from 13 00 to 93.15. Slzea If
2H*to 8. widths AA to B. H
COUNTRY ORDERS SOUCTTEIX H
NOTICE— This store clo»ea at 8 p. m H
on week days and 11 p. m. on Patur- H
day. and will continue to close at those §9
hours. PROVIDED ALL OTHER SHOE «
STORES WILL DO THE SAME. n
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. f
I 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. [Teller Makes Inquiry.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2.-Senator Teller
to-day introduced a resolution asking the
Secretary of War If George T. Rice was
deported from Manila and, if ffo. of what
crime he was convicted, to warrant '. such
punishment, ¦ ¦ . ¦ •. - -•• --^
State Department Will Take No Steps
Until the Bermudez Company
Is Dispossessed.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2.—Notwithstand
ing the press reports to the effect that
the Venezuelan Government is about lo
dispossess* forcibly the New York and
Bermudez Asphalt Company from that
territory which was granted by the Ven
ezuelan Government to the Warner-
Quinlan syndicate, ho fresh instructions
have gone forwar.l to . Minister Loomis
It is believed here that the Venezuelan
authorities., probably local and national,
will dispossess the New York people
When that is done it will be' in order to
determine whether siuch an overt act hat*
been -committed a* will demand furthor
action by our Government. The impres
sion Is that the New York people will ap
peal to the Venezuelan courts in that con
tingency and as the .Warner-Qulnlan syn
dicate profess a. readiness and even a
willingness to take up the Issue there the
State Department probably will nwait the
outcome of the legal controversy before
making another move.
Goes to Supreme Court.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— The sub-com
mittee of the House Committee on Pen
sions favorably reported to-day to the full
committee the bill of the Secretary of the
Interior which provides that ten cases
covering points in. controversy regarding
rulings shall be carried to the Supreme
Court of the United States, whose deci
sions Shall govern the future rulings of
the department. The full committee will
act on the bill next Monday. Action upon
this bill .was taken after the long fiKht
over the G. A. R. court of appeals : bill
ended in US' defeat. ' » ¦
AWAITING THE ACTION OF
VENEZUELAN GOVERNMENT
tirely identified with the promotion, of the
education "of her sex, and who was a
member of one of the Protestant Episco
pal families socially prominent In this*
city during the revolutionary era and the
first years of the century- Just closed.
Elizabeth Ann Seton was the daughter
of Richard Bayle^. one of the famous old
time New York physicians. Miss Bayley
was married by Bishop Provost in 1799 to
William Seton, a member of an old and
well reputed Scotch family. They had
four children. Mr. Seton died In Italy,
December 27 1S03.' while abroad ' for. .his
health and the widow returned to New
York. She became a convert to the
Roman Catholic faith In 1805 and four
years later removed to Baltimore. She
then resolved to attempt the formation of
In the Roman Catholic church the prc
ce*s of canonization Is a long one of in
vestigation and triaJ and one that pro
<-eeds with *low rauilon both here and in
Horn". It it notabli' that the present sub
ject is a. woman whose career was en-
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— Search is being
triage here for fact= ami record? that will
authorize the enrollment of th<» first na
tive American to be jncluded among <he
canonized paints. The" Rev. P. S. McHale.
C M.. president of Niagara University.
has r«-<vlve«l authority to bepln the work
rrrilmlnary to the beatification of Mother
Elizabeth Seton. who founded the order
of th» Sisters of Charity in the United
States*.
a religious community,* especially devoted
to the service of women anri children. The
generosity of another convert, the Rev
Francis Cooper, enabled her to buy a
farm at Emmltsburi?, Md. Here, adopting
the rule of St: Vincent de Paul in vogue
in France before the revolution, she
founded in 1S10 the Order of the Sisters of
Charity. From that humble beginning it
has increased and profepered until It i<*
now a vast association of pious wbmei
managing schools, asylums and hospitals
all over the. United States.
J Tw °n2f h . er d a »Shters also joined the or
der. The late Archbishop Bayley of Bal-
U mor ». was her nephew, and the Right
Uev. Mgr. Robert Seton. D. D., of Jersey
city, the flEst American honored by the
Pope in the Roman prclatura. Is . her
grandson. Mother Seton died at Emmits
burg on January 4, 1821. .
AMERICAN WOMAN TO BE ENROLLED
ON LIST OF CANONIZED SAINTS
WASHINGTON. . Peb. 2.— The Senate
met at 11 o"clock to-day and with the ex
ception of an hour and a half at the be
ginning, of the session devoted the entire
day to "the discussjon of the ship subsidy
.bill. Turner and Mallory were the speak
ers in behalf of the opposition: Turner's
speech was based largely upon exceptions
which he had taken to Frye's criticism of
his former speech. Mallory opposed the
bill on constitutional grounds. . . •.
in reply to a question from Bacon,
Turner said that even it the amendment
suggested by Aldrlch, reducing the tlmft
for the duration of the contract should
be adopted, the total expenditures under
the bill would amount to J225.000.000, Or
$3,000,000 a year for twenty-five years. He
also - charged that If the. amendment of:
Frye, limiting the. number of foreign ves
sels any one company can bring in to re
ceive the proposed bounty was adopted,
the International Navigation Company
fAme'ric'a'n-Line) would still receive on its
foreign Heet 5535,000, or a reduction" of
I177.OUO.
The aggregate nnnual appropriation for
foreign vessels undor the original bill, he
said, would have . been $2,073,000 and the
adoption of th<\. Frye amendment would
not reduce that amount to the extent of
more than $500,000, leaving Still over
$1,500,000 to be paid on account of foreign
vessels.
Aldrich made another effort to secure
action upon the 'amendment to the ship
subsidy bill offered by himself, but Mal
lory of Florida announced , that he de
sired to speak upon the amendment and
he declined to yield for that action.
Mallory then proceeded with his speech,
which was an arraignment of the measure
in general. He attacked the bill on sev
eral grounds. Even Senator ; Edmunds
had admitted that bounties are in contra
vention of the constitution, he said. Mal
lory quoted Hanna as saying that the
twenty-one-knot and th<» twenty-two-knot
ships would not be increased under this
bill. From this admission Mallory argued
that the bill could do nothing toward pro
viding an auxuiliary cruiser, for no slow
vessel could be utilized as «, cruiser.
Mallory contended that thf ship-buildSng
industry of the country is now ln a more
promising condition than at any time
since the beginning of th« Civil War and
}t needs no extraneous aid to make It a
successln the earlv future.
At 5 o'clock, while Mallory was still
speaking. Allen moved to adjourn. The
motion was voted down, 13 to 31. ¦ '.
ln conclusion Mallory contended that
the> subsidy bill will not. be the boon to the
American shipping which . it had been
promised it should be, while he believed
ft would prove the inauguration of a new
era In American affairs, in the matter of
giving boxuitles to 'Individual enterprises.
The Senate agreed to the conference
Mallory of ¦ Florida Ad
dresses the Senate on
the Measure. • ..
This position not satisfying his ambi
tion., he studied untiringly until a few
ARGUES AGAINST
SUBSIDY BILL
clerical fore* of the .navy yard which
would have been worthy of a much older
and more experienced clerk.
making provision for the inauguration
caremonies on March 4. The Senate ad
journed nt 6:10 .p. m-. -,
Paymaster Peoples Is at present sta
tioned at Bremmerton naval station. The
wedding will take place come time in
April.
months ago, when ho* stood highest in a
competitive examination for a paymaster
ship In the navy.
Miss Warren la a native of Portland,
Me. and like her fiance has resided in
Vallejo for many years. She is a grad
uate of the Vallejo public schools.
PAYMASTER PEOPLES AND MISS
WARREN . OF VALLEJO, WHO
WILL, WED IN APRIL. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ..SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
PAYMASTER C. J. PEOPLES
TO WED A VALLEJO MISS
16
VAL.LKJO, Feb. -2. — The engage
ment of C. J. Peoples, paymaster,
U. S. N., and Miss Leila E. War
ren has been announced.
Paymaster Peoples is a. native
of Creston, Iowa, but has resided in Val
lejo for many years. He -received, the
greater, part' of his schooling: in the public
schools of this city. At an early age he
received'an appointment to a clerical po
sition on the Hare Island navy yard.
With a wonderful amount of petsever
ance and attention to duties he quickly
worked himself into a position upon the
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CHICAGO
In LESS ih <">
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
&- North-lVestern Line
T~\OUBLE Drawing-T(o6m . S'eebing
I J Cars, Buffet, ''tnokitg and Library
-*—^ Cars, tsith barb. r. Di'-ing Cars —
meals a li carle: "Dailv. Tourist Car
Service and Pefsonillv Conducted Ex-
cursions tvtrv zce/k from San Francisco
at 6 p. tn. The best of evervthing
n. n. niTCHiE
617 Market i t. General Agent raellte Ooa*t
Palace Hotel !iAX FRAXCIsCO
Hit. hALL'S KtlNYlGuHATORIJWfa
Five hundred reward for any IhITTuS
case we cannot cure. This secret B33 BIS
remedy stopa all losses ln It hours, n H
cures Emissions. Iropoiency. Varl- fc"?i ICTSB
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Wfn K4H
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all Jt'KI •It'll I
wasting effect*- of self-abuse or ! Ifr^S
txctznea. Sent nealed. J2 bottle; 3 faafaaCkJS
bottles. $5 1 guaranteed to cure any case. Ad'
drena HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE Sli
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for aal* at 1073V,
Market at. 8. K. All prtvat* diseases qulcitly
cured. - Bend for fr«« book. - -
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Terry EXnot.
Local LJnVd iOvrl'<l Local
¦ Dally. Dally.) Dally. Dally.
Lv. Bun Fran 7:» a 8:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
'• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a.
" Fresco .. 2:21 p 2:33 p 3:05 a ...... .
•' Hanford . 4:J2 p J:27 p 7:<M» ..
" Vlaalla .. 4:10 p 4:in p 4:45 a
" TUlare .. 4:T7p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . t:IOp *:Wp 7:30.*
" Kan. City Mix 7:3l>a
•* Chicago .!. S:15 p I S:00 p
a (or morning-, p for afternoon. ~~
• 1:00 a. m. train In the California Limited.
Carry'nir Palac* Pleeplng: Cars and Dtnin<
Cam through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakerafleld for accommodation of local
¦flr5t class passenger*. No second .class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at u:5S p. m. dally
4:W p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corr»»pondl
lnv train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally
8:W p. m. Is the Overland Etpreas. wtth
fhrouyh Palic« and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also rah?.
Sleeper!* which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
r««pond!n^ train arrives »t 5:55 p. m flail,
7:10 a. m. Js Baknsflrld Local, atooptnc
at all points In San Joaqrjin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrW-s at S:4i) a. m. dally
Offlce«-«41 Market atreet and In Ferrr
n-pot. San Francisco; lUi Broadway. Oak-
IhtmI. ¦ ' • ¦ , ¦ •
a (or morning:.
PEACEMAKER \\jfi^j©^^sfflt/7 W «^N.
Fifty styles; every leather and every new k!nd that : .
add finish to correct attire. They have the" usual
perfection of lines, superiority of material and '.work- '^'
manship, and arc the standard of fashion everywhere. •
NO ON5 DISPUTEJSTHAT. h^' y-
$q.50 Al
Always.
!I§1! SS^kaC^M^'
SECOND SHOE STORE FROM MARKET STREET.
. VM S«ujsallto F«rry.
Commenclnc September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FKANCISCO a TO a |I1LL VALLEY
WXEK DAYS— 6:55, »9:15. 11:00 a. ro.. «1:«.
315 4:00. 6:15. *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays .and, s«.t-
iirdavs at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDATS-»S:00. ¦ 10:00. *ll:30 a. ra.. n-is.
SU. '4:45. «:8O.»:00 p. m. . i *"'
Trains marked (•) run to SanQa«it!n.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5;2n. ;6^0, 7:45. »:30 a,^;
•12-80 145. »3:30, 4:30, 6:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS-«:20. -8:00. -10:00. -11:45; «. ra.
•1-40 •2:13, 4:45. »«:30 p. m. . "*•
Trains marked <•) start from San Quenttn
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55, S:SO a. m
11:15, 2:10, S:S0. 4:C4. 5:20 p. -m. "*•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY&-8:05, W:05 a. m., 12:03, 2;lS.a-j8
5:00. 6:45 p. m. • • ,T7
¦ THROUGH TRAINS. '¦ ¦ - '
' 6:55 a. nx* wetic daya — Cazadaro . and - war
station*. - -.- ¦ ¦ - '..
1:4S p. m. Saturdays— Tomales aad way
stations. , •
. 8:00 a., m. Sundays— Tomales • and way
stations. - - ¦¦¦¦---.. ¦ ; , . . ... .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
CALIFORNIA NORTWESTEHN BY. CO.
LiBSSESI
SAH FRAMCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot ot Market St.
«»n Frf»nc?«co to Snn Rafnel.
TIEURON FERHY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WKEK DAT&-7:30. 9*0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. 3:i0.
8:10. 6:J0 p. m. Thursdayt— Extra trip at 11:M
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trlpa at 1:50 and
SUNDATS-i:00, »:J0. 11:00 a. m.1 1:33. 1:30, 6:W.
6::o p. m.
jjan Rafael to Sim Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:*>. 7=S0. 3 ; 20. ":W> *- ™-J i*; 4^
tAO, 8:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trtps) at 1:m
SUNDAYS— 8:10* S:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:«. »:0I,
Between San Francisco aad Sdiuetzen Park.
game gchedule.as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. } Nov. 7. 1900. I San. Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I . »n- j Week
Days, j days. ( Destination. | daya. { Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:.w pm 9:30 am Petaluma. fi:05 pm 10:25 an
6:10 pm &:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:» pm r «:O pm
* Fulton,
7:30 am ' Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm «:M am Cloverdal*. 7:33 pm <:23 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I >:Wam| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| <:g pm
7:20 am I 10:15 am
8:00 ami Ciuernevllle. 7:3S pm
g :30 pm 1 | 6:tt pra
¦7:30sr.i 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and I
S:10 run B:PO pm Olen Ellen. ) 6:05 pmt »:H pm
7:30 ami S:C0am| 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| Sebaftopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'Wast
Sprlnfr* >ti<1 White. Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
lor Altrurla: at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at
aeygervlUe for Skagrs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carlu-
tmd Springs, Sula Day. L^tkeport and Bartlet*.
Bprimre; »t Uklah for Vichy Sprlnns. Saratoga
Bprlnjfs, Blue lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
, Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day>. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell s.
Sanhedrtn HelKhta. HullvUIe. Orr'n Hot Sprtnss,
Mendocino City. Fort Hr»*s. 'Wesitport. ITsaU
WHletts. Ijaytonvllle, Cnnimlncs.Be.ira Springs,
¦Harris. Oisena. Dyer, scotla an<l Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael *t hair rates.
Ticket office. K0 Market ft.. Chronicle build-
in*. • R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Art.
' MOUNT TAHALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS »:li a. m. : 1:4S and 4:00 p. na.
EUNOAYE 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. ra.
Fare, Ban Francisco to Summit and return.
«1 40.
NE"WT TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NO.W OPEN.
Ttclcgt offlc*». €zl Market >t.« 3au*«.Hto l^»*rry.
ADVBRTISZMENTTa
I A .
jComfortable
i Cross ;
i • <
i . - (
* ' i
i • i
J Croisir.il the continent on the \
1 Santa Fe great train, the
i California
! Limited
. 1OUTHRR5 p*nrn: coHPAIT.
(F*o«rio m«u.i
'< Trmla* l#»»e rd<i »r« ••••• to nrrtv* at
mas nt*M:i«».
~ (Uain Line. Foot of JUrket Stntl) V-
tiATi — from Jauoaky 1. 1301. — ABBrra
~:80a B'i>lcU. SuUuo, Klmin. VaciTt'Js,
Romiey and bkCraoieDto 7tl3p
;it»AD»ls, WoodlMd. Kni 4 huL*adloj;.
MmirsTilla. Oro»CIe 7i-t.fp
TiS«* Atlantis Kxpreas— Ogden aad Rast 13il3p
kiuui Hartia«s,Hauttaimou.VallejaKapa.
C»ltit(gi»ud i»at» Rou aii.i?
S:O« a Nile*. Livermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7:I3r
S:80A 8ba»ta f xx>re«»— D».Ti«. WiUlanu(for
Bartlett 8pring>), Wtllowi. £sd
Blufl, Portland. 7z«Sp
li.i«i flan ,lo««. Llfarmors. .Stockton. •>
Inns, Maoraraonto. PUeerriii*.
Maryavllla. Chieo. Uad KlulT 4il1f
HtSO* OakdaKChlaeae. Moiicrr*. Carten... ¦irl-ip
I»:«m»* Haywatda. Nilrs and Way 8utiou«. 1 1 »*S*
ViUWaLok Angelw Exprew — Martiumt,
Tracy, Latbrop. rtiocktmr. Msieeil
Tresao aud lies Angsles 7i1.fr
S:S»A Vall^jn. Martiuns and Way Station* &i«»r
IO:UUa The O»«Uu<t UijiitM— Ojdeo. Deo*
v«r, Omaha. Chloa*-} J •i43f
1I:OOa SiUea, Stocktoo. Haoramento. &Ien>
dot*. Fresno, Ilanlord, Vlaalia,
Vorter»illo .-. «ilSp
llt*«A LNermore. Bat>t«r. Go*h«n Juno-
tton, Bakersfleld. loe Angelft
tl>AOp8aeTaruentoKlTnr4t««aMrii f 3 '* 0 *
3t<*«P Haywarda, KUea and Way Btationa. 8sli» P
4i*«r Martluax, bau JUaiou, V»!lejo,
N»»». C'almtnta. Sauta ItoM Oil f»»
4iOOr U'uicl*. Winters. Maoraiasnto,
Wo«Mllaji<1. KniykU Laudluf.
M»rya«llle. Ofoillla I«|4."»%
4»a«»r Haywarda. Rlleaaml San.Jooe t«i«»A
StOOpNUes. liTermore, Stockton. Lodl ... lO«45i
? .i:OOp Hurnet Limited. El Pmo, Haw
Orleanaand Ea«t. «»©*13%
BsOOrTha Owl Umited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakenfleU. r*ang!i» for Saata Bar- ¦
bara, Loa AD«elea. 1«i15a
3iOop Nr» OrlewK ExpreM-Haker«rl«M.
HanU KitrUtra. Los Ang«le«..l>em<
Inc. El Paio. New Orleaus »»4
Kaat ?•**•
AiAAp Haywards, Nlleiandhaa Jois 7il-'>»
{UiUOp Vallejo Ili43a
0i<H>r Oriental Mall— Ojden. Cheyenne,
Omaha. C'hlcag* 14il5p
RiOOp Oriental .Mal'.-Ogden. - Dea»«r. .
Omaba. Cnloitao. 4iI3r
7i00r Oteguu and CalUnrnia. KzprMs.fliB.
raiueuto. M»r>i»ll!e. JZexI'linff.
rortUu.l, Tiig«t Hoimtl amt l"»s» Slt.ia
It'Sr 8»D Pablo. Port Cost*. Martlnea
and Way Stations..... Ui43«
tWioar Valli-Jo 1i*r,r
COAST DIVISION (.Nurronr U»uxt>).
(Foot oC Market atrsel.t
ail.iA>><r»rl«.CViitcr»lll-.H»jJo««. Felton,
Uonlder CVak.San ta Urns aud Way
titatlom ••Sl»P
taiISp Newark, Center*!!!*. San .lose, New
Almailmi. F el ton. Boulder Croak. .
Hant* t:ru* and Vrlneipat Way
Sr.tio.rn f ••••"»«•
4ilTp Newark, San Jose, Los Gatoi H !•¦»"»,
a»:30r Hnntan' Eiemalon. Saa Jot» and
WayBtaa'ons l.iinr
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
from m n ix Cisco- rm •( Htr^t sum ts:i> *>-
t;.l5 S:0O U:0Ca.m. 1:00 ]:C0 8:13pm.
From Oakland— Foot of Brd»dwir.-« Xi tJ.-J
10:COa.m. 12:00 t:0O 4:00p.m.
COAST DIVISION <RromHIait^).
(Thlnl ntid To'Ttineiul StO
t<ltll»AOe«aM Vto*. rto-itn a»n lfr»uci»oi>:. !«»;«««•
liSSiHw Jow» »i"l Way Stations (N«w
Aliua<ten Wetlneadayspnly) I«»»r
ti««a Man Jos«. Tits I'lims, HanU Cru«.
l'a-illo (Jrme. l'*»i Itiihles. Man
I.,il« OMiipn. Hurf. Loropoo ami Mm ~
lViLel-.Mil War SU.tlon« i'.!f*
|S)tSl»* 8ao J<>^ and W.y ntatlotia. Z'tZl
I IiJIU Han J»sb ami Way Stations ........ 9i»9t
t*i49P Saa Matt>n. Kedwootl. Msulo rare,
Palo Alto, tianta Clara, San Jos«,
Tt«s Plnoa. 8auta Cr««r, Salinas.
Motitorvy hii<1 l*»ri tic ( Jro*«s » »••*• * • o ti* n \
f*<X«pKaa Jos« aud Way Htatlons A'??'
t«tl»r R«aJos« and Principal Way Htalloiis Vil3%
?i:oopd»n Jose, Lo* Gatoa and rriucipil
WaySUUons, 1»l««»
.1sS*p S*u.l.i.« »u.l Prinoir.*! Way Statiooa •*>»•
«:»i»p San Jose au.l W»y MtatloMS 1«.«>«»
all:45p Sail Jcme »»»! Way Sutlons ":3ft»
A for Morniue. P for A ftwrnooo.
t Hnnda* exrepted. I snajaf OBtf.
g Momtaya. XVertnewlay^, FridaTB.
e Tuesday*. Thursday*, ttoodaxa.
a Hatardar only.
RATLWAT TBAVEL.
BATLWAY TKAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Husband "Seventy-Seven"
Dr. Humphreys' »»77'' breaks up
the Grip, while its ionicity sustains
the flagging energies during and
after the attack.
"Seventy-Seven-' Is a national remedy,
having a large eale in every State. During
the present epidemic of Grip and Colds
the demand is so large that, while we run
our factory day and night, we are never
quite able to 1111 all the orders received.
Hence we advise you to husband your
supply of '77" for. your own safety.
At all drugstores, 25c, or mailed.
Pocket Manual -mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., ccr.
William and John sts.. New Tork.
: ¦
"4 GesBine Old Brandy made from Wine.
— Mtduxsl Prtt* {London), Aug. IBM
AT ALL RESORTS AND RESTAURANTS
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., san francisco
Pacific Coast Agents
¦ , • ¦• ¦
i iviair OR JORDAN'S great £
tilOSEUB 6F ANiTOIIYI
I ' ' £jft * 1051 tfiSSBT B8f. Bit. ft**7tt. S.r.Cd. A
Cj^ ' The Ltivest Aiutooic&l Mucmn in tba \
I jJQHLk- v - or!(1 K'.innni or anjr contracted 4
v WWSSfl diir««ep»-«lt«»pl7<}ur«KJbytheo»«it»« T
J) JfiSkaR apeciclt-t r» tht- Coast EsL3«vaai».
£ &&£* b OS. «*CBB«*-PRrtATE 3!3tASE8 4
\ » ??^'3n CojRult»tk>n frcn «nd strvtlw prlTate. \
(# i jLtOlh Tit roient petionnily or liy letter. A A
\B u' tI rf * 0€ '" ra f«<'«>ae»eryc«so undertaken. \
AtPii Hap %'r.tcfw BortpniLasopavtiA
U 11 SB*»«lAaE. MAILED 7R3B. *A™
X [L ' »«lu»ble booh for mm; . \
f ORJOBDAyiACO., 1031 JlaxHet B^SL F. f
iOOR AMAL LINEN SALE. |
gr We begin to-morrow — planned as never, before — that matchless Annual Linen Sale, with selling jj22
space doubled and stocks quadrupled — an offering Intensely interesting 1 to every economical housewife, -^
to all who buy Linens. It's a great gathering of the enormous purchases made months ago when if was
•£= possible to secure the lowest prices on large quantities.- Linens from Ireland, from Scotland, from Ger-
fc= many, Linens of every kind are represented in this great purchase; the qualities from the lowest that
gH are wortn buying to the finest in use. It will be A LINEN OCCASION EXTRAORDINARY. Z3
Here we quote a few items of the many on sale: "• \r*
% TABLE LINENS. DAMASK NAPKINS, LINEN TOWELS. |=|
y— Pleachod Table PamHfk of superior qual- I?l»Hehed Linen . Damask Napkins., a heavy ¦ Pure Linen Hemstitched Huck Towels. —^
SJI lty nnd ln vpry pretty denigns, 60 inches quality. 23 Inches square. Oood C1.35 ulse 17x22. Exceptional value at IQlp SJJ
b^. vide: r^irular value 60c. On Rpe- A An v »l"e W '5 Per Dozen <PI 12 00 dozen ....; Each 1^2^ _^
J^I c;al sale Ter Yard T-t-W -^
r- Pure Unen Table Xapkln*. a dependable ,, , • - ¦• • ¦' , , =
•— wearing quality, ln choice designs. 23 Unen Huck Towels, hummed. In plain Z^
•*" inches sminre TJr>-ri!ar vnlup <T> 1 flft white blue and' red- borders, . Blze C*|-7f> — m
fc Grrnan snd Irf.-h Table Pamn^k. war- J? 0^ «!«¦•*.¦ «W«ar C|-^ i ?x3 6. Good value j: 25.. Per Doren
<^Z rp.nte<1 nure linen, choice patterns, fully *" " v '" fZ- Z^
fc T:<.'. n^"..*! d .''.'...^ OO . d ..rer U Tard 59C n r "^JL a8k , N f p !;L""- * xtra , t Url5e Pure Whlt^ Linen Huck Towels. Irish "^S
HZ f I ; , G * r ™ an "if U %- «n- handsome pattern. man,. *„ extra heavy quality, white and ~2
St= that usually fell at »3 00... ..... CO35 rwJ |lM Worth QO^ =S
E O» 8 n Table D.ma*k. a rood weariai —" V °™ » 60 r do « n "- =« h SXR
y Qualitj-. V lnrhfF wMe. ln neat £*f\f Kxtra fine quaJlty satin finished Dinner — , ' *3
,^_ cpflpns; uorth £5c Per Yard V»VfW N*apklnf>. vpry lar»re. in- th<» cholcost de- German Linen Huck Towels, hemstitched. Z3
slsrns, one of .the best value* on CO.25 a marnlflcent towel. In all white, and red
pale. Worth U 50 Fer Dozen <PCF damask borders. Flze 20x40. Good ffOSJ _S
»- A fT8n4 quality Orm*n and Ir!*h Tabl* • . value at $6 00 Per Dozen <J>O —
Ji«ma.«k. In sliver bleached, warranted • ' —— , _^ 1
pur* lln»n. Tn inches wtdp. handsome de- . ¦ Turkish Bath Towels, of superior make I^g
"—— »tims. Ooca xiilue Jl 0«» *T'O/-» ninaoiy T«nir m nriln Bnd quality, thick and large. 1^4 yards — m
£ per yard 79c DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. -¦-&* 29c 3
g*— — ' — f?!»>ached Table Cloths, J \-ardn" square, a • • ¦ • , , . "^
S— - T-x'ra fin» o»-n!ii T»hi* rin, n -? i^-t,.. hca\->- quality, choice de.«Iffns. <> f .59 Bleached Damask Striped Towellngr. IS —^
•£= « f ;,e n^ a n.al" b Vr^ white 2 'hol« w °«h V- O0l Each 5> I Inches wide. *ood quaJlty for roller Q Q _-**¦
»— j-attems. You pav elsewhere II 2S f\ O r* ' ~ - ~ 7 • „., . towels * er xara -v-^
¦k_ ¦ • ivr Ynr.l oOC Oerraan Unen DamaFk Cloth?; 2«4 yards ,, A — 1»
gr- lerurauuv inr.K. ln rich and effective deilgms. Or 1. 95 "lR-lnch Linen GUusr Toweling, fine quality.
z*_ 'Worth $1 £.0 Each €J) I blue and red checks. Worth 12V4c Qs>
•— . Per Yard. Ov '.S^>
!T~ Jh« unni M qudlity G«nn«n ind Protoh Hleach«»<l Linen Cloths. Imported direct " - *^
Tnl>!e Linen, In exquisite desifrns. 2 J•ard^ from Ireland, lira variety of larpe floral All-Linen Barnsley Linen Crash. IS Inches zS
w wi-le. rvtra heavy trade CI-" 5 designs. 3 yard!" long. Good <£Q.4ft wlde.a heavy, firm weave. Worth Qf» ""•
l'er Yard «+>¦ value $3 00 Each O-^ 12Hc ; Yard C/V -^
E BEDSPREADS. BIG OFFERING OF SHEETS AND PILLOW GASES COMFORTERS. 3
5^1 Ertol larp» Fi?.e H<iney Comb PurchaFinc immense quantities before Sheetings went np, makes L*n?e size Bed Comforter?, filled Hj
iu-.] s^T.r^ds. \fr> hea\-y. In it possible for us to quote these special prices for the highest with white cotton, with pretty — tm
J^; nar.y ptvttjr de«l|rn«: well worti. grades: . sllkoline covfrlnK. Good value Z^
— tl ..'. (p.;h. <J | .Jl.l • •' a « Jl 50 . CT H . 1 9
»— , Each «3>» *" dnz«>n Jlpmm«l Sheets. si»e «3x9n ; worth S5r; for 45c each ,..',' • Each tj> I— f-
i»*" U (".ozen Hemmel Sheets, stze T?xJ>0; worth 60c: for.....KOc each l| "'' "' ., ""/. ,«..„„ <-.„„ ~^?
5S= ri^lid. M-.r^oi'ie« ouiits «tra rn <1rzPri Hemmed Rhp^ts. Mie «x90: worth 85c; for...57Ho each ?**/* hPa^> * n( }. , Ur fl R ,? .r*,™^-
S^fifSSSSn^&rtSS ' S lozen Hemmed .Sheets. e f,e WHO; worth 75c : for-.^.^ceach whUe anS 5
— - mttenis: ymi pay *-ls»where _,,__. -_._-. covered with choice si Ikollne. —^»
T^" 52 •'•". .«ix»fial <C|- Hr> FYTRA SPFfilil dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases. 45x?«. Worth *2 50 CI.D5 ~2
, Each O« — EAinA wTLLIALi at • l,- c each * Each JJ)1 —
NEW SPRING DRESS GOODS. A SALE OF HIGHrGRADE O" GREAT SPECIALS FOR O h
S-^^Ka^isas&^i gloves. ', L monday. >3
firrt tim * to-morrnw A fahrl^ <>f * beau- The <JIov*s w»> place on sale to-morrow RO new Bolero Jackets the latest' fad. ln
•»- tlfni Ian Satin finish: no cl.«th more suit- nre thf . production or the best known fac- Point de Venlse and Point d'Arabe- Lace., ~2
Jp; nhlp lor » Ftylish walking suit than this tor >- o f France: 100 dozen have Just ar- were imported to sell at *« For CQ-98
mm- cno: in all th^ newest and nwt jip-nlnont rived— they will be our resular $1 SO Kloves. Monday only <J>Ol_ *^
frrine coU.rines. as Old Ros». Heseaa. but for a special introductoir offer we shall • -^
S^I Btecatt. Itoyal Navy. I rrren.-no. \\ ater- s<>! i them while they last at Jl 19 a pair. rc0 yards Point de Venlse Lace Galloons
m^lon. r-ji«or. < - rum. Brown • Q«y.5€» They are perfect ln every particular made ' n Ondule and Beading Insertion efTects— —m
S~ in! Hlack. .'¦i.eciaJ value. ...hull *i> * r ,f the finest French skins, with 2-clasp ln the nevr Arabian shades; regular Z£Z
m^. „_ _-"J-' fasteners, the latest stitched backs; ln value 50c. For Monday only O^r» -m
E A GRAND SILK WAIST FOR s!S -£3?JS^SffiSSiiS& •" Vard c 3
jr H r n i u s fiic nn t -^^^- black cheviots. v^JeV 3
SZi crowds to the department Tk Inh U U MCU/ Cfllll 1DPI Oil I/O * For Monday and Tuesday.
£= ££&&??££&"£* VJVi litW rUULAnU OlLKO. n often happens that importers find them-
E&ssrassrs: r rf?thfrbMUtrFoularfs s^-s^^/ffsasas^iis^ 3
TT^ •* ixi— thpj win urei] go .... shown in this city. They are here n great promptly took advnntaee of one of th»«» =Sf
ZZ M ¦" " tfl - re *}*¦• dB \ h * profusion. In tJie choicest productions of occurrences ~ We rS out M pieced B?ack
•»-. :i ."1. '' . "i »nT «T^vc« av Uh tl*" iz [?Al •«- IPCtlons » 8 ; e ti. us exclusively, than manufacturer'B cost. -US
»>— •"•"».• »*•* an ' J 5 e *J*> i Itn , l latest an j moEt*of thefse patterns come In only • ZZm
m rinS 69c YARD FOR $..OO CHEVIOT. 3
g te rJ«5» : a " Sl£es: R0 ° d 85c to $1 5O a Yard & tra Wy> M lnch " wld<> - a fast black 2'
I iii IMMENSE SALE FRENCH FLANNELWA1STS Sg W<B 1
2T" Fr.ulardettes on display to-m-r- WERE $7. SO ANO S8.5O, vahle at Jl =°- , For Qftr"
g*- nnr. A dalntv j>n<1 so« fab- _. , , . , '" f -• ¦. Yard *J<J\* —m.
S^ rte fo- an fir!y sprlnit costume- Thp I'lscst hariraln event-here to-morrow. . FOR =3
g- la beautiful Wtrfl and figured w *" t ynu tft satisfy yourselves that we ....... , • ~*m
JS=' desipns: In «-ol-.rs of Blu-. Red. h»^ nf-t*x»wrated-*o be here early. The, A aa . TAFFrTA ' =2
t.- o.riso Pink Grav Lavender highest Novelty Wml Waists, superb Karments RT1 "I VJ X ' " Inl I LIM ~~^
E sa^«siis;35c Zu^^&^^HT^g& A v 3 "-* silk dress. skirts./ -
fc t-htNbH UHALLIL5. rl«ht a.on^ .t is M „ & Here to-morrow Skfrtif^tP'fRl'flartSi? flounce- =S"
j^ Just the pretty styles you are " l EACH the latest style: Just expressed ~~1'
»- looking fur— silk striped Cha!- g-\w+mm~* a . . „ . _ . _, .-**.. to us by our New. York buyer; . 13
•*- nee in the correct oolorlngs and SPECIAL I ozcr l Fr " nrh n«nr.el vialstR, nn- ftt most n>H*onabl« prices.
*g— ."rctHe de-ien« , m ~*" mr ** mmm broidered with exquisite bow knot designs. *. o -- »,_, -«-«-;__ -^
m~- «ie«ive oe.im.. tucked front and hack. In all the fashionable colors: «TQ-3« $12. 5O, $17. 5O, $22. 5O ;^
t- At 35C a Tara. rpgrular $4 50 and $ 5 00 waists. Monday Each <JJO Each. .13
£; VELVET RIBBONS. country orders receive prompt attention. A TAFFETA 3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"ADVERTISEMENTS.
!•«««»
THEONLYHOPEFORWEAKMEN !
Debilitated men can never be restored to permanent strength ex- I
cept bjTa thorough and proper constitutional treatment. This cannot I
be done by mechanical or other temporary stimulants. Th e latter only f
leavl* the unfortunate victims, after a few days, v/eeks or months, in a I
condition which is almost hopeless. . |
In restoring weak, nervous, despondent and incompetent men to f
• true and lasting manhood, DR. MEYERS & CO., by the use of the !
most effective yet harmless remedies and methods, gradually tone up the I
entire tystem. Thousands attest to this. j
DR. MEYERS & GO. do not treat symptoms. Bey go j
direct to the root ot the ailment and CURE the disease. !
Sufferers should beware of stimulating appliances of any nature.
They are advertised to cure nerve troubles when in reality they are 1
nerve destroyers, veritable man killers and wreckers of human life, mad™
to sell, not to cure.
HOMEJURES.
jBlP^' =ls DR ' MEYERS * CO- Y?*r* a;rn real!w»rl
ffisP^f irai^ the fact that 1J w ' a; * impossible for mnny ¦
m&kj rT^^^.^^Sgn. afflicted mon to loavo their homes and oc- \
\f\S&, cupatlon for the- length of time nccesstary )
.W 1 !! \£xr tO consult a SKILLED SPECIALIST.
JaTJ. Q, V^* Y^T And to overcome th!-> difficulty have p^r-
f/ NN^^v J( A^.JIga footed a system whereby they ran cor- |
y//NdKw3r>' /%jJtft^^3 rectly diag-nose and succesjrfully treat all i
mmfflFk •vSSlj&fo DISEASES PECULTAR TO MEX, and so '
'''W/fc tJw&™lP$**t certain are thfy that th^y can cure all
<^^P u^BB M*Sffl» % \VSiaMs $ cases they take for treatment that they
ZZf&ffi, VsJJra |w| JumMF i w111 S lve a written agreement to that
\v V^i^r^ Write for our PRIVATE BOOK. A
f world of PRIVATK information for. all
+ men. Sent sealed in plain envelops.
Deposit the Price of a Cure in Any Bank.
• DR. MEYERS £ CO. have nuch confidence In their yaccewful remedies and methods
that they will let the patient deposit the price of a cure In any bank or with any buat-
neta house or newspaper In San FrancUco, to be paid to them only when a curs la
effected.
Nervous Debility, Its attendant Dangers and Embarrassments,
and all Contracted Ailments, Including Contagious Blood Poison,
Scrofula, etc., are Included In this offer.
FREE CONSULTATION ANO BOOK Ft R MEN. at office or by mail.
All Dealing and Correspondence with Fatients Sacredly Confidential.
No Printing on En re/opes or Packages to show who sent them.
DRJEYERS&CO.JSrfSSr'
- TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours— 8 to 12. 1 U 5 Daily; Evenings 7 to 8;SDnday3 9 to II.
Does not make the man. " The blood is
the life," the vital force of the body. So
it not infrequently happens that the man
who looks to be a picture of physical
strength falls a sudden victim to disease.
A proper care for "
the blood would Jafcfli
prevent many a WBef S*J
serious sickness. 4S9 wKiM^ ?7 .jI?
The cleansing of fiffij^^'T^L
the blood h per- W L. ypi
fectly accomplish- W F Vv : m _ j
ed by the use of W I I / jL
Dr. Pierce's Gold- I )/ . f m
en Medical Discov- k^^fsjjl/ /^ JS&k
the impurities and b^f&^&Sm
stances which cor- ASn@mH
rupt the blood and Jfef^^BM^H
breed disease. It Ih/EjgjJHmNM^w
tivity of the blood- \ y3$m
ki a king glands, JpT ffifS&L f*jMuf
and' so increases / Xifjfl WEti
the supply of pure '1 <uSM &2m
blood. It builds 1 4 Wvm
up the entire bocly V WlS H fm
with good sound I W V f
There is no "al- </,S \ 1
cohol in : " Golden r""^ V \ •
Medical Discov- « VJ
ery" and it is en- *'
tirely free from opium, cocaine and all
other narcotics. ~
The' dealer who offers a substitute for
the K Discovery " does so to gain the lit-
tle more profit paid by inferior medi-
cines. There is nothing V just as good "
for the blood as « Golden Medical Dis-
• covery " therefore accept no substitute.
¦ " I took five bottles of ' Golden Medical Discov-
ery' for my. blood." writes Mr. William D. Shamb--
lia, of Reray, Cherokee Nation, Indlau Territory.
"I had 'rinp. worms' on me and I would burn
them off afid they would come right back, and
they were on me when I commenced using: "Gold-
en Medical Discovery, 1 and they went away aud
I haven't been bothered any more."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation, ¦ . " " . ' ••¦""'Requirements of th.o Cas* -
Deplored. ?
Judge Cabaniss took occasion yesterday
to deliver to Charles Mahoney. a bunko
steerer. one of the. severest excoriations
ever heard In a Police Court In this city.
The Judge was Influenced In a measure
to "spread himself." as he was informed
that one of the Lexow Committee was
in his courtroom, which was not a fact.
Mahoney was arrested by Detective
Ryan while having in tow J. M. Prunty
of Elko. Xev., who had arrived in the
city to take lessons In the art of mining.
Nothing could be proved against Ma
honey, except the fact that he was a
well-known bunko steerer. and the Judge
had to dismiss tha case. In doing eo he
said: "Men of your class are the worst
set of criminals unhung. You are like
a lot of vultures preying upon human
kind. You waylay and rob the unsuspect
ing stranger and you. are just as guilty
of robbery as the footpad who robs men
hv force. I am sorry the law cannot
i each you, as according to it you are
not even a vagrant. I convicted this man
of vagrancy and sentenced him to sixty
day?, but the Superior Court reversed
dip, and it is time the law was amended."
James Hayes and James Watson, two
bunko steerers, who swindled Frederick
Hoeher. a visitor from Freeport, 111., last
Tuesday, were up before Judge Conlan
yesterday and the case3 were dismissed,
as there was not sufficient evidence to
convict.
Inadequacy of Existing Laws to Meet
BTJUXO ULAN SEVTSBELY
SCORED BY A JUDGE
tor to accompany him to the Klondike,
and each wants to please the other after
thirty years.
Last cl»rht the ga.p of thirty years which
fcas reached between the Crowley broth
ers was dosed. The meeting took place
In tke younger brother's drugstore at Mc-
Allister and Franklin streets. A bronxed
man entered and addressed the spruce
doctor by name. Then came recognition
and an aitectlnj scene, and now T. J.
Crowley wants his brother to stay in San
Francisco. Daniel Crew ley wants the doc-
The mall from the ouelde world brought
Into the Klondike one morning a copy of
The Call destined for Daniel Crowley and
coatalrJr.ff an account of the resignation
of the phyBiclan. Daniel, divining that
.this was his brother, of whom he had had
no news beyond th© fact that he was In
America, came post haste to Ban Fran
cisco.
While Dan'.el wa» doing* this his
brother Tom stayed at home and "Just
crowed" until the Bpirlt of wandering
came upon him, and he too sought Amer
ica and settled In Kan Francisco as a phy-
Eiclan. He rose in his profession until he
was appointed on the City and County
Hospital staff, where ha remained until
his resignation.
An account published In The Call of Dr.
T. J. Crow-ley's resignation from a posi
tion at the City and County Hospital has
been the means of uniting "him to his
elder brother, Daniel, after a separation
extending over many years. .
Daniel Crowloy and his brother were the
tons of English parents, but the elder left
for America when tha other was only six
months oid. After a life of varied for
tune, which led him into as many parts
of the world, Daniel Crowley reached the
Jvlondike and etruck it rich.
Klondike, The Call Unites Them.
AFTER THIRTY YEARS TWO
BROTHERS GRASP HANDS
One a Doctor in This City the Other of
mended yesterday that high school certifi
cates be granted to Miss Harriet Bien
feld. J. P. Nourse, W. H. de Bell and
Marlon Mlchener; grammar grade certifi
cates to R. P. Saffold. Susan H. Vincent,
Mrs. ; Georgena Ranken; renewals of high
school certificates to John S. Drew and
Mrs. A. R. Long; grammar grade to Miss
E. A. IJttlefleld; educational diplomas to
Miss M. Soule and Miss Lolia S. Richards.
The legislative committee of the Teach
ers* Annuity Association filed its report
yesterday, showing that $723 15 was- ex
pended in tha effort to carry the fifteenth
Retirement Association Meets to Con
sider Amendments to An
nuity Law.
The City Board of Examination recom-
BOARD EECOMMETOS
TEACHERS' OEETTFIOATES
were attending the memorial services In
the Pavilion.
The proprietress of a shooting: gallery
near by leaves two rifles In the saloon
every night, and Trixie. trying: to llvs up
to her name, playfully picked up one of
these, playfully aimed It at her com
panion and then went Into hysterics over
what she had dose. .Investigation showed
that Trixie missed & trick, as ther* was
another cartridge In .th« rlSa.
Emll Wekander was shot with & twenty
two-caliber rifle In the O K saloon at 617
Padflo itreet last night by Trtxla Reed.
Trixie didn't know it was loaded, but It
bored a neat holo In Wekander** neck,
which will prove painful, but not fatal.
Shoots Escort in Play.
constitutional amendment, providJns; tor
the payment of teachers' back salaraea.
As $1020 was collected, thera Is a balanca
of {295 85 on hand. A meeting of the as
sociation will be held at the Girls' Hlch
School on Thursday, February 7, at 3:43
p. m,, to determine the disposal of tha
balance and to consider other matters of
Importance In connection with tha tnnnity
law*
from banks and bankers, $30,191,342 44; oth
er assets, J2.9S7.448 81; total resources,
JS34 .845.217 40. Capital, paid In coin. $25.-
SG6.9S0 08: reserved fund (profit and loss
and contingent fund). S27.3S2.402 GO: due de
positors, J258.92S.138 28; due banks and
bankers, JS.CS5.5S9 02; State, city or county
money. $2S5,464 64; other liabilities, $3,696,
716 78; total liabilities. $334,845,217 40.
The following comparative statement
will be of Interest:
BarJc premises, J€.291,sn 19; real estate
taken for debt, 117,138.226 27; miscellaneous
bonds and stocks. $77,291,314 SO; loans on
real estate. S104.63S.7S7 M: loans on stocks,
bonds and warrants, $21,300,913 95; loans
on other securities, $6,478,152 90: loans on
personal security and overdrafts. $45,245,
2S8 12: money on hand. $23,151,705 2S; duo
The State Bank Commissioners have
tied their semi-annual report of th« con
dition of tne eavlr-ss. commercial ana pri
vate backs under their supervision. The
report ehowa a decided Improvement in
the public Institutions and a Ellght falling;
c3 &mons the private banks. Two hun
dred and fifty-one banks. Including firty
three eavlnga, ISO commercial and eighteen
private banks, show the following re-
Interesting Report Filed by
the State Board of
Commissioners.
LARGE RESOURCES
OF STATE BANKS
Two carloads-of-fine~furnlture arrived
at the Pattoslen .Company's. -Some f fine
oak . bedroom ! suites . will be sold $15 ! each.
Corner Sixteenth and Mission. ' •
UTsw Furniture Came.
"; ¦ Tli© Investigation -.beirigi' made by the
Supervisors Into. the. alt airs of the Spring
Valley I Water Company } preparatory to
fixing the water rate f6r the coming: fiscal
year i was postponed .-yesterday owlnjr to
the absence of many. «f the members. Su
pervisor Reed, who has acted as inquis
itor of the board; wu" unable to attend,'
owlnf - to illness.' and- the other . members
Water. Rate Inquiry" Postponed.
In buying shoes you should select the
place and time. To-morrow, as a very
ppecial offer, there will be on sale at th*.
Bhoe trust I sale ladles' and men's shoes
that cost $3, each pair of them, for onl>
$1 45 a pair. The ladies' are vid kid, vest
ing top, coin toe and French heel ties. The
men's shoes are vici kid, box and velour
calf. In tan an'l black, congress and lace.
All will go for Jl 45 a pair at the shoe
trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Company
717 Market street, near Third. • '
Your One Dollar "Worth. Two.
The progranftne. of park music to-day
1e made up almost entirely of selections
from opera* by the dead composer, Verdi
The programme follows:
Overture, "Nabucco" Verdt
Selection. "Ernani" Verdi
Ballet. "Sicilian Vespers" ..Verdi
Romanza from "Cn Ballo in Maschera".. Verdi
Barytone solo by W. H. Colverd.
Themes from "TraviaU" Verti
Mosaic from "Aida".. Verdi
Quartet from "Klgoletto" Verdi
Mls»r»re and tower scene from "II Trova
tore" ." ; Verdi
ParaphrEfe, "Nearer, My God, to Thee"..VeroT
"Royal Italian March" .Verdi
Park Music.
I The motion heretofere made ' to set aside the
Indictment Is broad enough to cover many of
the points now, made; and | for that reason It is
apparent that the motion, to set 'aside the In
dictment should have been granted. 'Had these
points been called to my .attention at the time
Ii certainly, would have ¦. granted It. Not hav
ing then been called* to my attention, that mo
tion was at the time it was made denied, but
the court .will. now. vacate* Its Order then made
denying said motion and\ will grant the de
fendant's motion to set* aside the indictment.
The demurrer lnterposed-'to the indictment I
am ¦ satisfied likewise should, be sustained, and
it la' so. ordered. "¦*:*¦*•¦ l# '*
In this case, however, I am satisfied, from
my own- knowledge and opinion, and It is the
opinion concurred In by at -least three other
Superior; Judges of* this, State with whom I
have ¦ consulted,' that the points made by de
fendant's counsel ere. well taken. . ...
In this case I am satisfied from an examina
tion of the authorities' submitted • that the
point h ¦ made by defendant's counsel are many
of them. well taken... .Whether so or not, aa I
raid ih the cases of Sllva-and Simpton. where
the court is advised, .as It is in this case, by
the result, of; trials of - the 'same Issue In other
deoartments ot the court, .that the trial will
be , a srotracted I and expensive O ne, motions
made or demurrers intaroosed should be sus
tained, that the questions may be definitely
settled by the -appellate court before any such
trial is entered Into. -The pteople have an ap
peal from any order made granting such mo
tion or. sustaining a demurrer to th« indict
ment; and on -the- decision -ot the appellate
court upon, such appeal the .trial court may
then * proceed '^upon w a ..trial . with the [ definite
knowledge . that its . time will not be wasted
and that useless expense. will not be Incurred.
The Judge in delivering his opinion said:
The attorneysforiMrs.: Nettie R. Craven
have scored a .temporary;, advantage on
their' motion to quash .- the indictment
charging .her with -perjury - and on the
demurrer interposed ; to. the Indictment,
both J having: , been>, sustained | by Judge
Cook 'yesterday^ The defendant," however,
will be held; on-. the;? bail ;pn which she is
now at liberty, to answer bet ore the pres
ent OrajuT Jury on; the '.same charge and
the matter was ..ordered 1 resubmitted to
the Grand 1 Jury for! furtlier action> Mrs.
Craven was in. court 'looking in excellent
health and she seemed - elated over the
success j of . her attdrney&r 'District. Attor
ney Byingfoh at orice'ga've notice of ap
peal to the Supreme Court ••
Motion to Quash- the Perjury
Indictment Sustained by
:— ; ¦: - V Courts -'"
MRS. CRAVEN WINS
ON LEGAL POINTS
Rev. W. C. Jenkins, the pastor of the
church, will preach an appropriate sermon
And a special musical programme will .be
rendered by an augmented choir. The of
ficers of the well-known church are:
President, George M. Wood; secretary
and treasurer. William H. .Barnes. The
church has recently been frescoed and "re
furnished and now bears a handsome and
comfortable appearance. Services will be
Inaugurated at 11 o'clock.' '.
At the First Unitarian Church this
morning the pastor, the Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, will preach on the subject "God's
Fool." In the evening Captain Robert
Fletcher, curator of the Hopkins Institute
of Art, will deliver an interesting talk on
"Art." There will be special music by the
quartet. The public is cordially invited.
The Rev. F. 8. Ford, pastor of the First
Christian Church, will preach this morn
ing on "The Best Things" and in the
evening on "The Evidence of Spiritual
Birth." . I
The monthly musical service of Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church will
be held this evening. The soloists will be
Miss M. Ferrel, C. Edward Boysen,
Charles Taylor and Miss Carrie Bright,
violinist. Choruses by the full choir will
include Gounod's "Sanctus," Marston's
"I'm a Pilgrim" and Handel's "Hallelu
jah Chorus." - 1. E. Blake will direct the
choir and Miss M. Jones will preside at
the organ. '. •
A special memorial service In honor of
the Queen will be held In : Grace Church
this evening. ' The vested choir . of the
church' will render special music under
the direction of W. H. Holt. ii
The Rev. William Rader, pastor of the
Third Congregational Church, will preach
this evening on a popular 'topic. In the
morning the sacrament of the Lord's sup
per ana the -reception of members will be
features of the service. ' '
DurlDg the absence of the Rev. B. a>.
Hutsinpiller, pastor of the Central Meth
odist Episcopal Church, the Revs. H. P.
and A. H. Briggs will preach. This morn
ing the former will discuss .: "The True
Basis of Religion," and in the evening the
Rev. A. H. Briggs will preach on "Out
casts." .»¦••¦¦¦
This afternoon a men's meeting will be
held in the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association. . The Rev. -E. E.
Baker of Ohio will deliver a sermon on
"The Present Age." • . - •.
The Rev. T. Brown, pastor of the Afrl-
The Hamilton-square Baptist Church,
which la located on the corner of Post
and Stelner streets, will celebrate lta
twentieth anniversary to-rday. A feature
of the Bervices to commemorate this most
Interesting event will be. the burning of
the mortgage formerly on the property
and starting the century free of debt.
Novel Ceremony Being Ar
ranged for a Local Bap
.:.":¦: . tist Church.
CHURCH MORTGAGE
TO BE DESTROYED
v The sermon-at the 10:30 mass and also
that in the evening at St. Ignatius Church
will -be- preached" by,. Rev. - Father Boar :
man. The woman's mission will closethls
afternoon at .3 .q!c1oc]c.... Rev. Father Ma
honey will have charge of the services.
After the Instruction. the Papal blessing
will be given, and It will -be followed' by
the benediction .of .the Blessed 'Sacrament.
Mrs. D. C. Cox.- national- organizer and
lecturer of the "W. C. T. U., will speak, at
Sunshine. Hall. .928- Harrison street,, this
evening. ' ¦¦ : '^':i'iv ¦*¦<¦': '
• An organ, recital and sacred" concert will
be held this evening. in 'the Emanue.1 Bap
tist Church " for » the purpose of raising
funds to defray ' expenses incurred In re
cent Improvements - on . the church. • - The
programme arranged Is excellent and the
object of the entertainment is a worthy
one. ......
the Rev: R. Logan, pastor of the Le
banon : Presbyterian Church, will preach
this morning on "Some Things that Ar«
Everlasting." "In" the evening he will dis
cuss "How. to Make Life Worth Living."
The sermon to be preached this morning
bv the. Rev.- E..H.. A very of the Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church will be entitled,
"Have We a God For. This Age?" In the
evening: "Pilgrim's I Progress" will be the
topic of his sermon. . • . . • . : ...,¦/
The Rev. P. Vernon Jones, pastor of the
Park Congregational -Church, will, preach
this morning- on "Mysteries Explained."
The Rev. -John- Hemphill, pastor of the
Calvary Presbyterian Church, will preach
this evening on "Called to a- Kingdom."
In the morning musical srevlces will be
held. . -...-.
"Spirit" -will 1 ' be ' the topic of discussion
with the members of. the First Church of
Christ, Scientist, -'which holds - services
this morning at 220 Sutter street. :
The Rev. Prank K. Baker, pastor of the
First M. -E.- Church,- will preach this
morning on, "The . Mind -of • the Master,"
and In the evening on "Moral Backbone,
or the. Men of, the Hour." ...
The Rev. W. ' M. .Wood ward of the Ep
worth M. E. Church will preach thla
morning: on "What Is Conversion?"- In
the evening he wlH preach on "Christian
Work In the Past. Compared with the
Present" --•-.•- ¦ ¦•¦•.
The Rev.- A.- C. Ban© of the California
street M..E. Church will preach this
morning on "Is Saturday or Sunday the
Proper Christian- Sabbath ?V .In the even
lnpr nla subject will be "Wordly Wisdom:"
The Rev. A. E.Ulrlch, pastor. of the
Richmond M. E.-' Church, will preach this
morning on ".The.OnJy Miracles of Our
Lord and «; Its .Lessons.-'. In' the evenlny.
"The Gardarene Demoniac." . ; ... .
"A Delightful Retrospect and Prospect"
wlll.be the. subject of, a sermon to be
preached this .morning by the Rev.' Milton
D. Buck, pastor of the Trinity M. E.
Church. In th^ evening he will discuss "A
Profitable Investment." - ' . "
Rev. J. N. Beard, pastor of the Grace
M. E. .Church, -will -preach this morning on
"Fellowship- with Christ," and In the
evening the, Rev.. Ell McCllsh, D. D., will
preach a sermon t>n "The Church and Its
Claims." .. ..¦^. •.,.,.. . ,..„... ,..>
The Rev. E. A. ."Woods/ pastor of the
First Baptist Church, wlir preach this
morning on "The. Greatest. Thing In the
World,' and In- the'eVenlng on a popular
subject. . . •. . . . . ¦ ¦•-....
can Methodist Episcopal ZIon Church,' will
preach this morning. on "The Examples
of Faith." — • - - - • ' •
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY^ 3,; 1901.
17
iiuln In State lianks
Ijoaa In Private Hanks
Net gain. $13.241). 403 W In 4 2-3 mo
Grand Total, Savings, Commercial
and l'rlvate
Totals
Private
LiOEa
City
Country ;
Totals _
COMMERCIAL BANKS.
city ; ,
Cuuntry
SAVINGS
IUNKS.
I, Ilia.
1&.SS1.S84 73
1.629. 647 M
69
I4I.107.99S 69
43,773.S«5 03 I
J158. 167.462 M j
$UO,4S0.927 70
S7.CS6.634 94
Deposits
Aug. U. 1900.
$.'2,Ml.r.lO 45
1,580.709 (1
4S.977 72
: ——
$164,605,918 21
$46,?70.737 20
46,(70.773 X
$l!4.68O,434 81
19,925.483 40
Deposits
Dec. SI. 1900. |
....$13,298,381 3
4S.S77 7
113.248,403 69
$6,959,925 74
_.— _
$4,162,737 51
96.33S.455 57
$4,099,607 11
2,233,94!t 46
I Cialn
[in 4 2-3 inos.
iiuln In State lianks
Ijoaa In Private Hanks
Net gain. $13.241). 403 W In 4 2-3 mo
Grand Total, Savings, Commercial
and l'rlvate
Totals
Private
LiOEa
City
Country ;
Totals _
COMMERCIAL BANKS.
city ; ,
Cuuntry
SAVINGS
IUNKS.
I, Ilia.
1&.SS1.S84 73
1.629. 647 M
69
I4I.107.99S 69
43,773.S«5 03 I
J158. 167.462 M j
$UO,4S0.927 70
S7.CS6.634 94
Deposits
Aug. U. 1900.
$.'2,Ml.r.lO 45
1,580.709 (1
4S.977 72
: ——
$164,605,918 21
$46,?70.737 20
46,(70.773 X
$l!4.68O,434 81
19,925.483 40
Deposits
Dec. SI. 1900. |
....$13,298,381 3
4S.S77 7
113.248,403 69
$6,959,925 74
_.— _
$4,162,737 51
96.33S.455 57
$4,099,607 11
2,233,94!t 46
I Cialn
[in 4 2-3 inos.
THE EMPORIUM.
K \faIt*ntlB1C*iZ jurttfcwirftofthcje VBJBK EMIM&B^HBIAJI Dr. Carl Dehmsf, Monday Spncinl Salo 5
\ rJSSSX:^, cle BF g Srs- na IHE E w JEr R "l)ft| si £^^wr£ Dress Un!nas - I
g should be bought this week. The big -tore , 7 -f*f *"~ * x . mWVi m^m •£!!£.<«- S w ? • ? ? A ipecia! pnrcha e of 600 7 .r«fa of witered U
t is headquarters for Va en Ints. AU kinds, On ipeclal sale (until' 10U) ; F^ OoMenKllle BaZAar. reasonable; consultauon free. M o« Back Taffeta Skirt Lining. 3 « kchei *
tf aU prices. Fancy Lace Va entinei from 1 a for ..:... . . ; . . . --7 tOf 25o CALIFORNIA'S LAfKIEST— AMERICA'S. GRANDEST STORE Manage Parlors^ Postoffice Floor. wid< . > beetled and folly finished on both *lie», j|
* Noreltiee, BOtO$2m \ " :' ' ' — ! ! ~~" 1 . ... '¦¦ ' '..;-' _ v — " '¦ "J; '¦ that would be an extra good Talna ac ioc a it
5 Beconfl Floor. ml^'mm^am'' " " : ' *~ * : '~"' : ' ••¦¦•¦¦ Mr ' yard, \» ill be placed on sale Monday only.... ¦•
I mm of Ghmn&G& of Sp^si^^ ' t2fio i
5 Hemstitched Squares* <M • ' 'M *aJP f*n9»%fnart0»w <?ofr» j*
* we hare Kcured «t a little mor.* than half thdr ¦- A charming" exhibitipn-"b7/.'he^7«^'aves : of ' Woolen Dress Fabrics — . dutiful **om¥ur*Mer oaiei
y regular Talue inother odd lot of 600 Hem- Qnriho 1 * nafterhq in PniliarHc Tsffprsc nnA -Wach 9ilW th<=» ifltP^t pftprtz in 9nrli(T For Monday onM two loti of well mads 5
if Pitched squares. They. « the ig-ineh i«e, jpnng .paucms in s rouiaros,. lanetas. ana- wasn miks, me laie^i eneas m bprng white comA nsF ei Molina «» 3
«£ made cf a good Union Linen, some are plain, GteT\3.Cl\rieS a.T\a 3L Very IaT^e a^SOrtHlent- OT _-' neW 1 V/3.- h fa^riCS in * he mOSt aelXate both tides, liberally fiJed, combining deanllnew, S
S : 73Z^tt£££u1r' tints and colorings-the absolutely correct- ¦•mnteriab lor Spring nnd Svmmer wear, J^L^TS-fc, sbo 1
J price Monday only.. ..... ........ . 9C^ $fWk%Q$1$Swti^^ J 1.50 quality' on Monday $1.18 .«
K —————— . — . • —^rr~. — r~T" — ~ — ; — ¦ "~~ ~ — ~r~: — ¦'-•'- .'•''¦<' ' "~~ ~^~~~~~ ~~ ~~~
I Spring Opening Silks and The Bid Monday Cloak Department Specials |
I Fine Wash Materials. for Monday anil Tuesday. |
*f Hundreds of novelties in Wash Materials and Summer Silks have been re- Ing of colonial storf:», now .in great demand, ¦ >g
Jf ceived through the Custom House during the ' past two days— Novelty Silk V iK?? ** ¦* 1 -5 o .' ; on /«P c f lal « Ie S9O $2.75 instead ol $5.00 for this season's rainy-day ikirtsi -J
V Mixed Waist and Suit Patterns from France,- England and Germany; Sheer ..L'AlS'-B^E^und^'oiund'/soon to be j«& Sj?n5f?liS7JSf "^ $2.75 *
jf India Dimiti-s from Ire and, Crepes from Japan/ etc. ' Never before in the his- presented • by - Sarah" •Berhhardt, publwher't W^Sp 5
JJ tory of the bg store have we been able to show such an -array of fine abides so P rlce ¦'"¦• * i: 5°» ow.; regujar 9f% J&3k ' 5<W lnslcad oI 5 10 ' 00 ? IS * 00 for ¦ lot of ' fine rfDc " *
X early in the season. The lace effect weaves : are a marvel ' of ingenuity. . The l SSS lined Jacket, light wdheayweighu, afl colon, & ib«, n*^ J
*f n 1 n » C • V J j vv r i. TkT ¦ j' t? '1 j 1 ' . c i_ The Work* of Kudyard Kipiing — "Birrack /?]> ff. .•j%* p >w erery Jacket in good condition and excellent ttyle; former prices "i
K gloss, finish and durability of the. new Mercerized , Foulards equals that of the Room , Ballad*," . "Light That Failed," //}Jf '.^Sj^ Jio.oo, and 515.00— Monday and Tuesday A _ L^ ' S
S most expensive silk materials, and costs only one-third 'the price. The new Silk "Sbld'ers Three," '"Piin Tales From the / T-!ff '.jT*^* only $5aQO •*
* l°^~Jt? ftom . France "' eiqui!itt - ¦'¦¦;:; ¦•¦•¦•. : SW :^« : S^.~"l» he a<wo"^«rf '&»** ouo' fc'V 'ipwa io« or |
*C IS Ot WaSh rahfiCSm FOUlard SillCSm per Tolume, our price. ::........ OCrC • Hi thl»sea$on*t tailor dresses, most of them hlack and nary, but a good *
i Lace Weave Silk Warp Zephyn; yard... g5o Still another 'ot of these 1 Hch ' French Norelty ' • ' " ' /:';','. // \\ ' ¦ VT^aVI^jf^jf T^Z*£' 7 &1OOO S
g Silk Warp Madras, 3 » inches wide; yard. 6 !> O Foulard, arrived la* week. ., : The designs IE £9 Medallions SI 33 \\ \\ |2o_Monday and Tuesday only &MU.UU *
5 Leno Weave Tamise Zephyrs, with lace exclusive in the Emporium— the colorings are . *™ *******.*.?**? 19 <HF9mm9*9 II I \ 98c Instead Ol $L75 for this season ill-wool TtDor Fla»- ]»
5 B 8 T i r 8 '^ yt [ d BOn re$eda> r0SC> Eriy '' « obUn » : b ™ wn » Un "A FOB* M Onda V On IV* I \\ ndWai$ti,lInedthnmgho^_&rfy flnU»ed f be* colon Jf
S Ki^enc«?M.?nlT d ,i I 1nSe.'"-'"'?2? t^'t «J> thiee ind :^ l!lypWng ,,„„. // \\ aU «z«, reguary $ 1.7 5 _Monday «d IWby only 9BO -V
fg Desi American Alacras, 3a menes MOO per yard. Si.sc, Si. 00 ana. : : - __ r /-../•••.¦•».,«• • // \\ m* lfl •_ • • • *¦¦% — r- e » * -it» »»• •*
X Fouards, silk finhh, finelt weave; yard. 35 O .. . . . T . . . . . \" 1 . SSC «»ent of beautiful .hand-co-.ored Ehotognpha .// \ \ $L48 Instead o! $2.75 for 1 Mcrcerizcd Fancy Petticoat, §
If Imported Dimities, plain and iancy 25o Voiif ' •»- £V * " from life, including^luch. popular luljecti a // \ \ has all the appearance of liUc, deep accordeon pleat, finished wbli '3
SBesr Percales, finest doth- yard t2iio mZfUM i &WWBtaSm Solitaire, Song of the- Ket le, Enraptured, // W^k &** b«nd, niffle is lined, all fin« colon, regnlariy >•*» 3»
. Co'ored Lay* ns, 40 inches wide; 'yard ¦/...f5O Taffetas are mulh b demanl for lining, for Hide and Seek, -Loye-s Old Song, etc. fe. |a. 75, Monday and Tuesday &t m**& X
5 White, and Colored Organdie,, 68 inches wide, Grenadine*, Foulards or sheer woolen goods. 97c Instead o! $LSO for a fine lot of new Flannelette Wrap- S
g verysheer; yard_, ...;... 3Bo We^av^^ the .^gest and best ggj^ l^^^S T^ P«. wais» arc lined, * .^ -^ $>. 5 ,, Monday -J
j Spring Grenadines* TSL-^LtZZr ' 75c V- r 97o 5
Jf A large and weU-a.-sorted stock of these greatly W*»^h CSitV- ' ecial . : Monda y m *7 • • • • • • • ' 9 * » * ** / ; ; ; — J
K in demand fabrics now ready. They are all WWaSn , «_¦ ¦¦'• - gf. » «/f,,i«it 0&~*B*n* ifiHntJ-ttn fif 4hn *5
2- 44 inches wide, come of them «U silk, £ ome More than 5 o new patterns of Wash Silks Table LlitenSm &ff CGf fl7|7 %&33Q VWinO-Up OT WHO p
I 'X^rX^tfl^iZ^Xl M^&^M $M& 2ff Remarkable Values* ' For Monday Only* \ Underwear and 3
Jt Qualities— per yard, $z.z$, ***- a> d we show a jull line of colon. Bn ¦ Our European' importation.. for Sprng has An excellent grade of Bleached Sheeting for HOSIQI*y Sale* >j
£ Ja.oo, $1. 75, 51.50 &i*d£O More than 1 50 styles at— per yard QUO been unpacked. CXming direct to us from the dcuble beds (81 inches wide), nndressed, a .- . , _ , . t JS
5 ; ! — : : ___ looms the values cannot;, be • excell.-d. New lasting • fabric that will give satisfaction, on Monday tnd I ueadlV are the Ia«t jj
tt m ¦ . styles now on sale. No- need to buy old- special sale to-morrow (Monday), Q <«y» of the sale of the big Webster -X
iV SxifflfG SslfS LadieS* antl Children's fashioned designs "hire.* Our quick and large only, per y-rd MjC Stock of Men's Underwear and '2
ft ••r*"'^^ liB/i««»»« G»*«««k# M # M ' turnover enables us to: present the latest and Pillow Muslin — A simi'ar quality to the above Hosierv Whatever ?¦ I^ft of AT« ' <J«
K FOr MOnda\f Oil It, Wear SpeClalS* , mo8t desirable- pattern. ..tiemarkably low Sheeting, high grade, standard Keached pllow Wos cr 7' , W^ tCV f 18 . J^ ° f «*» S}
X rur IVSOnuay Utity. children'. Box Coats-Rne all-wool Keney price,: ; • - muslin, 45 incbe, wide, on .pedal ¦* great purchase Tuesday night goes into .j
If • A manutcmr- Coats, in . the - new fashionable red color, Bleached Table Damask, 60 in." wide ... 5"fi© to-morrow (Monday), on'y, V*me% our rc g 1^ ar 8toc k> at regular prices. , j{
V s~\ er offered us 4-year-old site only, were n B!eac -ed Table, Damask, 6a in. wl?e. . .43(3 yard m%MC Jersry ribbed form- J€
J£ \ J?^\ /str\ '° doren $7-5°i «pecial Monday/. ... . $<r«9S Bleached Table Damaik, 72 in; wide. ; . 65O ' fitting Underwear ,,. •*
K y£«\ / yr) jS ° { r^r' Children>l Tailor-Made Suits-Fine all-wool Satin 'Damask,. "7 fi^. 63 in. wide; per i^r^^- #J f^^,-^ 3Qq FjH |^]^Mfe| X
l> ,\1 VW?/ tZ £ material, fully lined, plaid skim, size, for > ard - • • • • '-",: »SO * W«? W %* U M"Um^i WM&m $l , o Silk FIecced t*H WfThl} Vj *
1 SWWL-. «^ pro ably »E« 8 and 10 year, only, were Special heavy • B.rnsley Cr^am Damask; p« O ar 'spring «ock cf all style, of lace and Underwear BSS*i g %
* ' UJ^2, 'not m fn.So, special Monday only. Ud >' a ' d - •••••¦•. ••.••/•• -f. 5 , 0 . mu.lin Curtains now reidv, including hani«ome 83s W^&m 5
2' /5^ :^3^ than hTlf Child's Short Dres,-For a 6 e3 1 to 4 , mad e of Bleached . Napkins, a* inches square, finished new des ; gns Jn Arab ; an> Iriih Po!nt Bruue", Men'. Natural k $
* /Vyfe^^^ whatitcLt nainsook in the bishoo style, wih hem- titchei „ sdve(i R M 5 F« d ° ren .-. ••¦ V • • ••• -9U3B (ff S Mus ; ins „,, Dot:eJ Swi , „. Thesc Wool Underwear **
2 //TAXI himtomake trimm ng onneck, cuffi^nd hem, ™. 1 Heavy. Damask Napkms, ; fine hneo; dozen rf m m ?7q %
% ///// \\V\\ th C m Thr on Monday. 5OO "AXJ m -'J I" b'-" ' ' x&i- v »' u «- Camel's Hair Un- \j\ «
I ¥/// \VV\ Sa^n, bt! ChHd's Shot Dre,, Fine. nainsook, yoke 5 : O/ >^^ derw.ar, fleecy J
$ V/y VVV) ««« they tucked back an! «ron % embro.dery rufflc^ver Odd Cl ° thS attd ******** °f : S7.B0 ** Z
% = n^ c W&^^^siM TaUe jff^^^ prices ' W^^^^M P^te^^f^ : I
5 Ud Y-t F r h B r Cambric "Oown: French style, SaVeMOlWy Off 5« P- of Arabian Lace Curtains, paj f
I mlieJZ Z£ £j -7 b ™ ld " ed b^ k8 ' >pke and cuff, elaborately trimmed with lace, DnUU Sundries* "'°° W.bsters High Grade Half Hose, nTanufac- $
6 made of the fame material that is put into always were $2.co. special " M^*UU^*UWMUrMtS9* . , ,. * . » 'Z
J our regular *,., S Kid Glove., in .uch good Monday only . * . £ .*, . 5B \ , $1*50 Hair Grower-Tseven . Sutherland Sisters, the DrapSrieS"PorttereS. J"£ S2t£d2w if* n ' 50C 5
* s^dals^le Mond,T^n m^ Wd Jt^l'° n Udiz$ ' f ™ Skirtl-Embroidery' ruffle, choice li^oosiz-icr.. ...¦.-:....•. .680 Velours-For nimiture covers, cushion, and Webster's Men's Ha f Hose, that wen manu-
S Etfth- T 7 ¦ S9f» cf three «vl«, well made an I 11 Cam' Iline-White or flesh; color 35~. dr>p C ri«,, a selection of five of the very IacCurcd to sell at * 5 c a pair, all ._ _ 'A
V than half their worth, per pair.. «*^fer cx tra value - $2oQQ Skin Soap— Dr. Lambert'., best made, box of choicest spring patterns, in 13 different color no W njarked 2 pain 25 O &
fC — — ~ — ...... . .¦¦' , ¦ ¦¦". -.-¦•¦ "¦"":---t: ¦ • ,. . r , Vp1t ' ¦ ¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ,y. Onn efftct., per yard 75O andBoO 5
V G*m*%**S*m*l' : '*fr**mmmm-*m.K 0% ' ' M ' **- - m' ¦ ' ¦ Face Cream— Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic Cu- Porieres— 50 pair, and half pain, a special lot _— _— — ___^
|- apecMai uanneq Goods :Sale.^;^^^^*^ pt^ii^z^oS^ a splendid value $
S These Big Reductions for Monday Onjy* .. Li«terine— Lamert;i >nu;ne, per bo'ttic.^Oo Dining tabie Coven— 50 of these tancy cov- s n ladies 9 Shoes ; S
Best Western Sugar Com ; 5 tins. .......' 4Co f"^~-^ Imptrial to: th Powder— Large size, sprnkler er. for dining room tab e«, a yard, iquire, 6 «#€?*» jj
IV Best Maine Suaar Corn • ! c tins * * " " * * ' * ' * 'T^/* fe~^-- ' :..••••. top bottle, any flavor. ; . : . : . 25O colors, new design., each $2,75 We are making a .pedaltT of thote w«Hk -g
K^LTn^Lf n.' • ' 5 , " : aO ° Sfeb F» c « Powder- L'Ec atantc, . genuine Boutjoi. . «d extension soles— bee .hoes 5
g Strtaj Beans-Choicest j)ack; -5 tms • • 50o • dSSSL^ ; imposed, iarg C -siz?box.-.: a 2Bo Unuti*" Snt*nis*la «» ha* Tiiej « «* rf S
$» ApriCOtS— Standard 2^-lb-'tin8. regularly . t?r>» a >K ; - Toilet Ammonia— The - Imperial, vio'et odor, , MmMtfUVM «?f#C»fcrfc*#9* \ % M j^, y^ j^j^ .t
On Monday only, 4 tins SOa 'f^ : *^-'i*' ffi^fy "T^^^" I jounce bott'e 25O ClanOt — A good tonnd table wine, tpcrial V Vt new modern toca and patent J
1 Extra Selected frvHS-^Packed " b h^^^ Mbn a«teSo, ?^^ i\h. Un20O . Monday only; per gaUon....... .A dps all .Ixe, and widths, pa J
S 1 ... n » . n , _ 7 / r ' ¦ l 25*^^1, 5^Q"Cr»'-fiZ Castile Soap— Maoe of pure olive oil,. 1 cake «98#l* .\\ MriS-*pa]r $2»5O 3*
* lett Fears, Apricots, Rums or Strawberries; .3 -1b with wash rag. ;..". .....:;..... ...lOo Wood Atoahot-K<t*'*Ay $ 1-25 • |) W. h.re the .bovo :5
If tins, regularly 30c, on Monday only. . . ;„ . ; 22o -' Qrffiv?^ \ -/ Fountain Syringe •. : "<3uarantec" Fountain gallonj Monday only tf« fMCZ "J^ 8 t^ oe ¦ 5
5 Oysters — Extra selects; a-lb tins, Monday 22* '¦ * • .^Uitf 1 - Syringes, : with three hari rubber p ; pes, l vfriaUO >L-\ iK. EghteT weight %
2 TomatoeS-^Solid Dack ?-lb tins reimlarlv \'kr'7L7* -M nn A. v Off- quart capacity....;....;.: 1 , 6'JO MoBrStyBV'S WMskoy - Full- /^^ sol«, cloth or kid X
£ "™7*r O0UQ P aC * 3 10 OnS, regularly^IOC eacfl, Monday,. 3. tins... 25O Water Bottles -Pure Paia- rubber, »- quart bodied straight -goods; regularly _-_ X ' topa, laca or bnN. -J
g HCSt Granulated Sugar — 13 lbs . . $1.OO capacity.......;...;..... 6«9O |i.oo« bottle; on Monday;... 75C ton stjlej per pair... $1.98 $
ADVEHTISEMEHTS.
Simplicity Shoulder Brace
and Suspender,
September IS, 190a)
gVKh for supportinsr the back and expanding* tha
Jw§s»§\>v«. chest, is the most simple of all braces. Can
waSp^§j& be worn by old and young with perfect ease.
¦ >'".'• . Wq&^^$&' T ne webbing attachs! at the top of back
OTv^*5^f 1 support is broueht around the arcu, passing
,? ' in opposite directions through opening of low-
y - .'¦ cr part of back suppoa, fastening by means of
¦ • a .buckle at waistline in front of figure.
¦ This brace beinff flat at the back can be
%?*^2?S^3fl^/^ WOrn under the $n "S5 est fitting Koiyn,
J^^^M^^^^J^\ i comfortable, i m — '—*¦*,
Also a suspender to huia the weight of skirts. K/ V^ i
The waist can be regulated to any length (^•>dw^^jjfyv t^
one may desire by tying' the buttons in the . ' }\>^^S^f^f^i*wJ«>^l{
holes to suit the wearer. . Underskirts, shirt- W*^^^-«xk^?^«-^i^
waist and dress skirt are all buttoned to the l^y^^sl^ f**^$£A
suspender, thus holding firmly together the . / \
skirt and waist, doine away with the pinninc / 5^A^35§rafsSS^^4.i \
and tearincr of clothes as heretofore. / 3 / \0' A
To obtiin an erect and comfortable figure f \ jP^A^h/ W \
SIMPLICITY SHOULDER BRACE AND & V^3^ MJ
SUSPENDER leads them all. L. S. LONG: \^^dSSSSSt^^^
, Sole Manufacturer. 676 Church street, S. F. *¦ v^" ¦™wwwm.
For Sale by AH Leading Dealers
THE ; EMPOEIUM.
THE: EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBTUM.
THE EMPOBIXJM.
.^¦¦¦¦BSSSSBBBBBISSSBBBBBBBBBNBBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSkSSSkHSMSBSSB^BSSBBBBSkMSSSSSSSlB^BSSSSBBBBSBBBSSSSSSSSBSSSSSSISSSSSJSBBllBBVlBVSSSSSSnsBSSSSSSKJSBBSiSSSSSSBSSJSSlSSSSSSSSSh.
Yy \ RCOISTEREP TRADE MARK
( /-/^M^>v^ '^' le P resen * skirt
* *v? A JV styles bring a great
}s J deal of wear upon the 1
*-5S( f*^ ec *& e °f *k e skirt and
g§^ /ill keep it almost con-
J^bT-^^ffl&frtC stantly in sight.
IJ^ -^BBs^-^fOr For this reason the
J *5**^=i£^ & H. & M. Bias Vel-
"/ .-.J*^T veteen or Corduroy
j Bindings are the only
_|l!^-~ satisfactory ones to
"I^3^X i use *
'^r'j'r S They come In the
snlggr t widest variety of
Jp—p shades, and do not
2--p->rW / /^ chafe or wear the shoe
C W/ X> like the °W-fashloned
J/u/ /^5sk braids. The genuine
X^Kf f/M%. ha s the S. H. & M.
\*?M I \ \ V re^tcred trade mark
*Wjm /A jj on tne hack or label.
f X^A \Vl / k ____
JO f? 4^ li
I White Enamel I
1 Iron Bed, j
|| bract rail and mountings.
I Many other bargains equally aa ,
II r""<od In our «
X F xra»ture and j
? Carpet Departments. r
Wotiia be pleawd to estimate on
complete housefurniahlnf — w«
can save you money.
CHEBIT EXTENDED. j
Ftm delivery within 200 miles /
on *2S worth and over.
•t Brilliant Furniture Co.,
3 18-342 Po*.t St.
ICeKPBwelL Open iTtawp.CAilFOBKTANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— The following
Callforniane ar* In New Tork: From San
Francisco — O. Fredericks and wife, at the
Hoffman; W. Gierlings. at the Savoy: H.
C. Keller, at the Sturtevaiit: E. A. Krel
lr.£. at the New Tork; D. C. Plait, at the
Navarre.
From Pasadena— C. Green, at the Stur
tevani.
CAXIFOSIJTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Feb. ".-Arrivals: Wil
l.ard.-M5ss M. F. Dodge; St. James. D. C.
Cameron; Ehoreham. E. Quarre and II.
McAllistf-r; EbbStt. Miss F. H. Uhman
end William J. Bloomlngdale. All are
from San Francisco.
German and English' capitalists, it is said, have asked their governments to intercede with
Uncle Sam to hasten an orderly administration of affairs in the Philippines in order that great but
safe investments of capital may be made. Under existing conditions it would seem that the appeal
should more properly have been made to the Filipinos. \
The people of the little Missouri town of Joplin must have a wretched opinion of one an
other or they are living an arcadian existence. They arrested a man the other day on suspicion
of being a malefactor because he had money in his possession. ;
Englishmen, with badges o.fmourning for their Queen, made themselves conspicuous re
cently at a bullfight,in Nice. They probably, did not understand that a mark of cespect so noto
riously misplaced becomes an insult.
TV. r> 'a- cc 1 In I'll I'll WfM|HyfflrTMP a 3¥ff^^
; i ne .Presidio officer who sent his pajamas to. the laundry with $300 in. greenbacks in one
of the pockets certainly was original if not wise in choosing a- place of security for his money.
THE POPULAR VOTE— A Reader. City.
According to the New York World Al
manac, which published what is called a
revised list, the popular vote cast for
President of the United States at the elec
tion in November. 1900. aR(?reg:ated for Me-
Kinley 7,208.244. for Brvan 6.35S.7S9. Th's
same authority jrives the vote of 1S36 as-
McKinley. 7,104.799; Bryan. «..602.325.
BRIBERY— Subscriber, City. The giving
or offering of money to an officer who ia
in a r>ostion to plve to a person who
would make fuch gift or offer an office is
bribpry. and the law of California on that
point says: "Every person who gives or
offers any bribe to an executive officer of
this State with intent to influence him in
reppeot to any act. decision, vote or other
proe*>edinR as puch officer is punishable bv
imprisonment in the State prison for not
less than # one nor more than fourteen
year3. and Is disqualified from holding any
office in the SUvte." . - *
NOT DEFINITE EXOUGII-J. B.. Oak
land. Cal. Before this department can
give you any Information Jn relation to
certain questions, you will have to be
more definite as to what questions you
want to be advised about.
PUBLIC LANDS-S., Fresno, Cal. For
Information as to the throwing open of
public lands for settlement in any of the
States during; the year 1901 address a
communication to the General Land Of
fice at Washington, D. C.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A. E. Dowler. a. shipping commission
merchant of Yokohama. Is at the Occi
dental with hla wife and two children.
Governor Henry T. Gite arrh-ed in th*
city last •renter and registered at the
Palace.
J. A. Rob!© of Bacrainento 1» at the
Lick.
Charles M. Shortriag* of Ban Jose la at
the Lick. _ *
Senator E. C.Voorhcls of Satter Creek
Is at the Pa'.ace.
<T. J. Berry and W. L Roberts of Sdma
«r~ at the Lick.
L. E. W. Pioda, a Santa Crux banker,
is at the California.
Lieutenant R. F. Gardner. U. B. A., and
•wife axe a^t the Palace.
Captain C. F. Preston of the United
E tales navy Is at tha Palace.
FVd t)od<J. proprietor of tue Huphes
Hotel at Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
UPON the great horologe of history the hour has struck for Californians to awake and act.
The transfer of the Southern Pacific Company into hands that make the great railroad sys
tem of the company a part of a still greater system is for us an opportunity of tremendous
import. It has been noted in the East as "the most gigantic railroad deal in the history of the
United States." To the people of that section if means no more than a vast financial operation and
great business enterprise. To Californians it means something like a revolution affecting every in
terest of the State from i business to politics. . .
With the new management of the road there should come new things. Under the old system
we have suffered almost every ill that a monopoly can afflict upon a community. The Southern
Pacific has not only made no attempt to promote the' welfare of the- State, but it has done many
things to injure it..
It has imposed upon our Industries the burden of freight rates made as oppressive as the
traffic could bear.
It has arranged schedules of rates that discriminated against San Francisco and the State
at large. . . . . • .
Its officials have practiced other discriminations directed against individuals or firms,
and thus rendered even the most carefully conducted business insecure and hazardous.
It has corrupted Supervisors, courts and legislators.
It has sought to dominate the politics of the State so as to control the election of officials
of almost every kind, and in its efforts to accomplish that end has hesitated at nothing.
It has tried- to intimidate, coerce and browbeat honest men who asked for justice; . and it
has made friends of the most vicious and degraded elements and bosses among both parties.
Under the new management we cannot have worse than what has been. We may reasonably
hope for much better. To a large extent it depends upon ourselves whether we obtain the better
Chambers of Commerce, Boards of Trade, associations of" manufacturers — all organizations
which represent the interests of California—should unite in presenting to the new owners of the
road a statement of the evil conditions imposed by, the old management and ask for immediate
This is no time to take counsel with fear or^hesitation. Cowardice will win nothing. Delay
will win nothing. Action can do no harm and may do a world of good. Let it be taken at once.
Opportunity has knocked at the door of California, but it will not wait. California must awake
and act. . • -, : -Vo
THE HOUR. FOR CALIFORNIA;
"Did I understand you to say that your
son wa3 in training?"
"Yes; he's hard at It. Ke has an ex
rrizpfiRhtor to roach him In slugging ami
a rough-and-tumble wrestler to make him
flKht. Why. say. he's getting .«o hardens!
that a man mlsM Jump *nit of a third
story window on him and it wouldn't hurt
him a mite."
"What in the world i* hs training fnr?"
"He expects to go to West Point."—
Washington Star.
ALL these months, after the "cultures," and other methods, mostly uncultured, have been
used to make it appear that bubonic plague was here, the health of San Francisco has been
above the average. Neither epidemic nor endemic disease has been found here, and the in
dustries and commerce. of the city and State have gone on without panic or interruption.
Common sense should inform any one that this could not have been so if the plague were
here at the times its presence has been reported.
That pestilence does not conduct itself in such an' indifferent way. Where its germs lodge
speedy notice of its presence is served, and the fact of its existence is not left to be determined
by a microscope in a secret laboratory. It proves its presence and its. power as armies do — by the
thousands it kills.
Some scientific gentlemen in Vienna,imported the plague germs to play with in their .lab
oratory. The germs escaped, aVid before that fact was known had slain a hundred people. A case
appeared in Glasgow and .immediately the disease spread. Its presence was so ' well established
that not the bacteriologist with his microscope had to discover it, for the grave-digger found it with
his spade. So, wherever a case has appeared the presence of the Asiatic terror has needed no sci
entific announcement, but Was certified by the slaughter that followed. If the plague were here
last March thousands of deaths would have occurred before now. If it were here at a.ny date the
effects of its presence would be too plain to need any declaration by experts, domestic or im
ported. With sanitary conditions as they are in Giina, there is no other place outside of Asia
where the disease would have been as much at home, or would have been more destructive.
The conclusion of common sense is that it has not been here at all. No squinting at germs,
dried or fresh, is required to prove this. The State has suffered the loss and vexation of an epi
demic without the epidemic. The Federal Quarantine Officer has shown a disposition to have the
plague here at all hazards, and has inflicted very great injury upon California. His measure is
taken by his registering under another than his right name at a Sacramento hotel. Men- who arc
square with the world are not afraid to register under their proper names. It is almost infuriating
that the prosperity of this State is in the hands of a public officer who goes under an alias. His
superiors at Washington should have their attentioivcalled to the matter. An. officer of the United
States should register and sign in his proper name, unless he belongs to -the secret service, or de
tective, branch of the Government. The controversy has been very unfortunate for this State,
and its later phase is no improvement upon the past. It looks as if the State must prepare itself
for a statutory defense against the charge that it has the plague. The discussion has not yet devel
oped the extent to which the State can go in taking exclusive charge of its own sanitary matters.
If the Federal Government had been represented here by a quarantine officer who commanded re
spect and confidence this issue would not have arisen at all. But unfortunately the quarantine offi
cer had none of the qualities that should be in that position. Of spiteful temper, fond of au
thority, lacking in judgment, opiniated and apparently ignorant, he so thoroughly identified himself
with the bubonic plague that to deny its presence was to deny his presence also. It is easy to see
that a proper man in his place could have aided the State, have saved it the loss of many thousands
of dollars and have avoided the controversy that is now rising at Sacramento. The Treasury au
thorities at Washington should be less anxious to back up an official of mean and spiteful tem
per and weak judgment, and more anxious to 'protect the people against the vast damage of false
'reports and useless quarantine.
It will soon be a year since the first report of the presence of the plague in San Francisco.
There were employed no drastic measures of sanitation to clean. the city. There was a show of en
ergy in that direction, but it was on the surface, and did not at all touch the gendering' places
where the disease is bred. There was no drenching with quick lime or acid phenique, so that if
the germs were here then they could have grinned a microbe grin at the perfunctory cleaning up,
and woufd have gone on killing hundreds a day. But nothing of the sort has happened, and the
Treasury Department ought to have sufficient regard for the rights of common sense to accept this
as proof that the only plague here is the plague of the presence of its quarantine officer and his
few imitators and satellites.
ANOTHER PLAGUE.
The second cf three "composers' re
citals" was plven on Thursday last by
William Piutti a.t Century Club Hall. The
composer of the afternoon waa Chopin.
of MczarU Dr. H. J. Stewart accompa
r.fed the Elngers in h!s delisrhtf ully •unob
trusive fashion. .
circular is entirely unauthorized. I am not tt
«J1 in sympathy with such "societies" or any
ether variety of advertising propaganda; don ; t
Fee that there Js any eood to be rotten out of
the doir.r. or talking about, excerpts from the
IVayner— or ar.y ether— operas, even if there
were the remotest itkeKhood of their being
r*epe«efc!r done; do not, ia short, see .anr
t!iinif In the whole scheme to approve, and
if uch of which I very distinctly disapprove.
• • •
In Miss Alma Berglunfl, who gave a
f<arewell concert oa Tuesday evening last
nt Sherman-Clay Hall, and who goes
thorily to New York, the city will lose
a. charming singer. Miss Berglund's voice
Js of gratefully pure and sweet quality.
of wide compass and with at once a pl
quant ar.d a plaintive note. Her voice
Itick? warmth and h»r attack Is poor, but
th*» phra.=!ne Is muslcianly: shadlnfr.
enunciation and intonation notably g-ood,
nn<l ther<» is also a considerable dramatic
ffr.srt* Ftlll more or Ipfs In abeyance. Miss
Kerjrlund tvill pine and study In New
Vork. ar.d doubtless in time New York
will recognize yet another worthy Cali
fornian gift In the sweet-voiced singer.
MIfs Berplunds numbers the other even
1r.s were t<» Gounod. "Ho Meeso Xuove
Cnrnn al Mandollno"; "Who Is Bylvia?"
Schubert; "Fruhlingsnacht," Schumann:
Ophelia's scene from Ambrois« Thomas'
••Ha-mlot"; three charming: MacDowell
Finrrs— th»» quaint "In the "U'oods," being
perhaps lliss Berplund's best number;
"Chanson Provencal," Dell Acqua;
"Shoupgie Ehou." Henschel: "The Ould
1*1 aid Shawl." Haynes. and with Mrs. J.
E. Birmingham, a rather labored and un
interesting rendering of the duo for con
tralto and soprano from "Galathee," by
Victor ijasse.
Mrs. Birmingham, who assisted, and
¦who was In unusually pood voice, gave
the "Pk-ur^r mos Ycux" ("L« CId"), the
favorite "Wfiimung." "Die Mai Xacht" of
Brahms, and the rarely heard "L'Addlo"
Conccrr.ng the proposed Jaines Hamil
ton Howe-TTepner Society. Oscar Well
writes me as follows:
1 have Juet eeen the circular of th« so-called
•¦vrasT2€r Society." end bee that you will
kindly rerrr.'.t rae to *ar through your columns
in.Th. Call that the uee of my name m .*a!d
MATTEP.S symphonic are again
Firam^rlnp, but whether or no
they will come to aught re
mains to te seen. One grows
skeptical.
To speak first of local effort in this di
rection, a number of prominent musicians
have suggested to Fred Zcch Jr. that he
Bfrain take up The Laton and use his influ
ence with them in ih« rc-establiFhnient of
a Fyrephony orchestra for San Francisco.
It has hr>cn definitely proposed to invite
the public to subscribe to a tentative
eerieo of three concerts, to be given to
ward the end of Mcrch or at the begin
ning of April, and literature of informa
tion concrning the project will shortly
l>e in circulation.
For the prepospd three eoncorts the
Beethoven seventh, fourth Schumann and
l.fth TschaJkcwEky symphonies will form
the pieces de rcFistar.re of the three pro
crammes, axd the chef d'oeuvres of some)
cf the modern Americans, MacDowell,
Chadwick, Parker, may h'.po be given.'
-Vp the modest source Of my information
quaintly puts it: "Mr. Zech has now
r^a^hed a position where he can afford to
<ievota time to R.rt for art's sake without
having to depend on any financial gain
from his labors. He is well awcre of th©
fact that eymphony concerts are very
expensive and can only be Riven here for
Their artistic end educational value and
Dot as a business Fpeculation."
Well, that is certainly the kind of or
oh^ptrsl leader we eeem to need here, and
If Mr. Zech would also subsidize the muei
ci«uis and hire a hall to cap the kindness
I have no doubt whatever that he would
be able to stuff symphony down the throat
cf Ban FTarclsco! For we dearly love a
free chow I But hero's wishing Mr. Zech
pood luck with the enterprise if he should
te persuaded to undertake the herculean
task- It is a krJghtly labor, quixotic, per
haps, under existent conditions, almost
!ne\-ital/ly ungrateful, but worthy of ail
praise.
• • •
The ether eyrnphonie proposition Is the
Importation for a series of concerts here
<f the Leipsic Philharmonic orchestra,
which begins an American tour on March
L" It is the firet European symphony or
chestra that has been brought over in its
entirety to America, and If the Contl
r.er.taJ press notices are to be believed Is
cesiined to create something of a sensa
tion here. Jt is undt-r the leadership of
Herr Jians Winderytelri, contains about
fcixTy members and is accompanied by the
eminent pianists. Slivlnski and Topflli.
"While in America the organization will be
lender tha management of ilrs. Norma
Knur'el. a former CaJfornian girl, whose
name and work will be remembered by
musicians In connection with that of
>"ritz gcheel and the little "conservatory."
where the eccentric conductor earned his
caily kfrschwasser.
The advent of the orchestra in Cailfor
r.Ja is to depend. I believe, upon whether
or not the organization finds It profitable
to ttke in Denver on its tour. In that ettsa
The l^ipslc orchestra will probably tako
the eddltiocai risk cf a Califor-nlan visit.
An engagement of patriotic as well as
high artistic Interest will be that of Miss
Leonora Jackson, a former California^
girl who lias won name' and fame as a
violinist In two continents, at the Califor
nia Theater on the afternoons of the 18th
and 20th. Miss Jackson Is accompanied
by Josephine KlburnJa, soprano, and Sel
den Pratt, pianist.
Leopold Godowsky's dates at Sherman-
Clay Hall are Tuesday, Wednesday and
Friday of next week, the 12th. 13th and
15th. The brilliant American comes here
directly from Berlin, whore his triumphs
have been of a frankly phenomenal "char
acter.
On Sunday afternoon next Bousa will
open at the Alhambra Theater with his
usual triumphant prograrhme of march
classics.
Hugo Mansfcldlt will leave £?an Fran
cisco this week for New York, after which
he- goes almost Immediately- to .Berlin.
Mr. Mansfeldt will remain In Europe for
six months, and leaves his pupils In
charge of Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt.
* • . •
Among coming events of the wefk the
Ilenschel recitals are easily first in Inter
est. On Tuesday evening, at Metropolitan
Temple, their first recital will b« given,
at v.'hich the following programme will be
rendered:
Duet from "I Trad Amantl" Clmaro&a.
Mr. and Mrs. Henschel.
Sonf^—
(a) R*o. and Air from "Jephtha" Handel
(b) Arietta "Quel Ruscelleto" <1710)..Paradie»
(c) Couplet* from "Rnf* et Colas". .Monslcny
Mrs. He-nsehel.
Songs— («0 In <ju<»sta tomba B»ethoven
(b) Ganymed Schubert
(c) Ual!a'I« des Harfnera Schumann
llr. Henschel.
Soni* — (a) Llthauiaches Lied ...Chopin
Kb) Mein Li*b 1st ein Jagrr Brahms
(c) Leis bewegt Davldolt
Mrs. Henschel.
Duet— "Oh That We Two Were Maylngr"
Henschel
Mr. and Mrs. Henschel.
"Eaurs Dream," scene from "'Klnr Saul"....
C. Hubert Parry
Mr. Henscbel.
8onsrs— (ai Ko More (n»w) Henschel
(b) Irish Folk-son* '.... Foote
• (c) Send me a Lover Old English
Mrs. Henschel.
Sonr" — (a) Die Vatergruft Liszt
<b> Verrath Brahms
(c) Prlnz Eugen Loewa
Mr. Herwhel.
Duet from "Don Pasqual*" Donizetti
Mr. and Mrs. Henschel.
From the Concert Goer of January 12
I take the following very able criticism'
of these favorite singers, who were then
appearing in New York:
It will doubtless be held hy mint people that
th« time for writing critically ahr>ut the ting
ing of JJr. and Mrs. Oeorg Henschel is past.
The <v>rcert-et>lnp public of England and
Am»rlra Ions since became familiar Tilth the
rare qualities of these superior musicians.
Their present tnur of America— announced as
their farewell— bepan on last Tuesday after
noon, v.hen a- programme containing several
unhackneyed items from ancient and modern
song literature was presented. They were sung
in the "Henschel ttvle." which is fa'mous for
lt« perfection of technical detail and almot-t
morxrtonous In Its »erenltj-. Mm. Hmisrhtl's
pliant foprano t-hovis the strident thread o*
long use In developed tones, but is still beauti- ,
ful In mezza voce. She etill Fines with fu
' preme. art 1* matter* of phrasing and nuancin?
and still get* a detestable color of tone on the
Ensl'.sh vowel "a" and the short sound of
"1," as most Henschel pupils do. Ve-ara a*rc>
the critics toM us what marvelous things Mr.
Henschel Is able to do with a bad voice, and
the rhrase has be*n parroted ever since. I
eurros» i shall b» laughed to derision for eay
ing; that, in my opinion. Mr. Henschel's voice
! is an excellent on*, and that its apparently
unlovely quality In slnitlntc Is due to his
method of using it. I studied his tone pro
duction very carefully In Tuesday's recital—
a* I had done, several times before — and b»
o&jxi© convince*! of trie truth of my impr€£5iori.
He uses, habitually, a light halt-voice and
gives the vowels in a very broad way— with
the "smiling position" of the mouth. Withal,
he d.oes not Keep his tone deep on the breath
and so it rounds devitalized. Impotent and
dreary. He economizes breath to puch a d<»
rree that his tone I* not fed with It BUffl
clently to rive It life. In cupport of this
mit— that frequently, when tinging in full
voice, his tone becomes really noble and
vibrant. I think Mr. Henschel must have ne
glected the ettidy of tone color, else h« wouM
give us a. vivid interpretation whereas now
he merely reveals a vivid conception. HU
mui-lcianly qualities— as evinced in his piano
accompaniments, his oomrosltlons and his
reading of municaJ literature— are great enough
to warrant the unusual interest manifested in
his public nrrearanceg, and from nearly all
points of view th» Henschel recitals are in
valuable object lepeons to singers. |
Among musical on dits is one which I
give for what it is worth*: It is rumored
that Sigmund Beol, the distinguished Cali
fornian violinist, is about to return to San
Francisco. If this be so. then Is the foun
dation of the conservatory of music at
Berkeley, under the aegis of the U. C,
a fact of the near future. Mr. Heel's re
turn to his native town being dependent
upon its Inauguration. Both things are
probably too good to be true.
"Etuclcs" (Op. 10), Nos. 4, 5, 3, 1, 12: "Pre-
Jtidos" (Op. 38). Nos. 17. 15; "Funeral
March"; P sharp maj. and B maj. "Noc
turnes"; "Polonaise" C sharp minor;
"Valscs" C minor and A minor; "Bal
lade" G. minor; "Polonafs"" in B flat maj.
Ti:e third and last recital will be given
on Thursday afternoon, February 7, and
a Uzst programme will be given.
and the following programme from his
works was rendered: "Impromptu" in F
sharp maj.; "Polonaise" In A flat maj.;
That was training Indeed— a little over
done, perhaps, but the principle of It was
right. To appear easy, graceful and nat
ural upon the stage is an art that comes
to few by r.atur? and to th?» great major
ity never, because thoy will not submit
to the toil necessary to acquire this art.
In thla respect the old generation was
more courageous than the new.
Mrs. Gilbert then goes on to describe th»
severe physical training she received as
a child— a training to which she attributes
her splendid health and spirits and long
life. "It was a very serious profession,
dancing. Beginners were often kept a
whole year 'at the bar* alonw. • • •
Our workroom was a big hall, its floor
sloped like a stage, and at the sides wcro
bars. To these we clung with ona hand
while we practiced our side steps. Som<»
members of the c!.i.--« were always at
work In this way. Then, from time r»
time, the professors and great teachers
like Paul TugUonl came in. and we chil
dren would go into the center of the room,
and do our steps, sometimes singly, some
times in group?. This exercise over, ther»
was no sitting down to rrst; we were ex
pected to go Lack to our practicing. This,
practice began with our waking; we were
taught to cling to our bedposts the first
thing after getting out of bed and prac
tice side steps while our limbs were soft
and warm with sle^p. So it went on all
day, and we were never in first rato con
dition and ready to do our best as dancers
until -we were dead tired."
In her "Stage Reminiscences" (Scrib
ner's for Februar>> Mrs. Gilbert tells us
that Home fifteen yearr. ago, when she was
in London with Mr. Daly's company. Mr.
Toole asked «her how she came to b« so
perfectly easy and natural on the stage.
"I forget what I answered, but In tha
course of the conversation I said, sotna
moments later. 'You know I was trained
as a dancer.' 'That explains it* cried
Mr. Irving. 'Explains what?' somebody
asked. 'The ease and naturalness and
all.' "
about dramatic art It must be depressing
to realize that the dramatic capital of
Europe is no longer London or Paris, but
Berlin. TMs Is clearly brought out by a
correspondent of the New York Nation,
who gives a list of the plays that were
running in Berlin during a weetc that h«
recently spent there. These plays wer»
Tolstoi's "The Powers of Darkness."
Bjornson'a "Keyond Our Strength." Su
dermann's "Johanr.isfeuer." Hartleben's
"Rose Monday." Aeschylus' "The Orea
teia" (in German Llank verse). Goethe's
"Fauat," Lessing's "Nathan the Wise"
and Shakespeare's "Winter's Tale."
I venture to say that such a list of mas
terpieces has never within or» week been
presented in London since the blua
stainod Celt erected his rude fort by
Thames-lake, or in Paris since first the
Roman provincial magnates came' to
bathe their rheumatic limbs In the mud
baths of the Paris!!.
IF there is one thing more than an- f
other which the modern American
manager fears lu a play It 13 a long
speech — and by a lonp speech he
means one that ryns over two or three
lines. "Cut it out." 13 his unvarying dic
tum and the poor playwrights have be
come so accustomed to this instruction
that they now accept it as one of the
canons of the art by which they get
their bread and butter. *£¦*-• J
Now if you cut o,ut of Shakespeare, Mo
liere, Goethe, Hugo. Angier. Dumas and
Rostand all the passages that run over
two or three lines you have a residuum
that might be good Sardou or GrunUy or
Gillette, but that is about all. That's
what we seem' to like and that's what we |
get; what we have lost as literature v.e
do not realize until we ceme to read the
masters or to hear them speak upon one
of those rare occasions when, they can
secure interpretation. Sometimes this in
terpretation is good, more often it 1* bad,
and one reason for Its being so bad Is
that the actors and actre?ses cannot speak
the lines. Accustomed as they are to the
short, choppy • dialogue of the modern
play, when they tome to a passage of
even 150 or 200 words they begin to floun
der helplessly, and when th«y come to one
of four or five, hundred they are simply
lost. The audience yawns, the stage man
ager's btae pencil comes in again to solve
the difficulty by another cut, and so we
go on from bad to worse.
Tet In spite of managerial dictum It is
sometimes even commercially worth
while for an actor to learn how- to de
liver properly a long, elevated, poetical
.passage. Let him conceal from his man
eger the fact that he has aspirations— for
this once known is dangerous— until his
chance comes; and It generally does come
once in a lifetime to a man who is worth
his. salt. Then he will prove true that
which Mr. Archer said of Mr. Waller's
Hotspur: "The enthusiasm with which it
was received proves, if proof were needed,
that it is not Shakespeare's long Bpeches
that bore modern audiences, but the tim
id, short-winded and halting delivery of
the modern actor."
• • •
Our friend Clement Scott Is nothing If
not enthusiastic. Witness these opening
remarks in his beautifully illustrated
biography of Ellen Terry (Stokes, New
York): "I think that when Kllen Terry
first . appeared at the Haymarket • • ' •
I never saw a more enchanting and more
ideal creature. She was a poem that lived
and breathed and suggested to us the girl
heroines that we most adored in poetry
and the fine arts generally. Later on, as
we all know. Ellen Terry played Queen
Guinevere; but at this period she was
Klaine the fair. Elaine the lovable. Elaine
the lily maid of Astolat. She was Vivien
with her mad, girlish pranks. • • •
Again dnd again I saw her as I read and
re-read Tennyson's 'Princess.' She was
the Porphyria of Robert Browning, and
surely one of the crowned queens in the
Morte d' Arthur. I Wish I could paint
with pen an oven va^ue suggestion of
this enchanting personality— tall, fair, wil
lowy, with hair like spun gold, a fault
less complexion, the very poetry of move
ment, with that- wonderful deep-toned
voice that has a heart-throb In it."
Charles Reade's description, quoted
from the same book, has some contrast
ing features. "Her eyes are pale, her nose
rather long, her mouth nothing particular, i
complexion a delicate brickdust, her hair
rather like tow. Yet somehow she is beau
tiful. Her expression kills any pretty
face you see beside her. Her figure la
lean and bony; her hand masculine In
size and form. Yet she Is a pattern of
fawnlike grace. Whether in movement or
repose, grace pervades the hussy."
Miss Terry. It seems. Is an Inveterate
practical joker. She will sit on the. stage
in a. serious play and literally cry with
laughing, the audience mistaking her fun
for deep emotion. This tendency once so
distressed a serioug actor with whom she
was playing that he wrote begging her
not to spoil his scene by what he called
her trying attitude. Miss Terry's reply
was brief and to the point: "Dear Sir:
You are quite mistaken. I never laugh at
you on the stage. I •wait till I get home.
Yours truly, Ellen Terry."
Miss Terry was born i-n 1S4S and Is there
fore in her fifty-third year, and though
her beauty may, as the poet says, like a
dial hand steal from his flgflure, yet Is no
pace perceived; to* us this fair friend never
can be old. '" v ¦
• - • •
.To the fellow countrymen of Shakes
peare or of Moliere who care anything
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUAEY 3, 1901.
DRAMATIC ART
and the
MANAGERIAL PENCIL.
By L. Du Pont Syle.
SUNDAY . ...FEBRUARY 3. iqoi
_.'.._-. JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... ; ..Market and Third. 6an Francisco
By Blanche Pnrtin£ton.
FOR SYMPHONY
Concerts
THE ARTISTS' HOPE.
18
The 2t o'clock sj-Ktwn wu Introduced
throughout Spain on January L
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men ' by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery au telephone Main 1042.- •
Townseud's California glace f rultt. 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
«» Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
"KlnRfland Art Colors," for wood, leath-
er ami photos. At all the large stores. •
Choice candles. Townsend'e. Palace Hotel.*
COMMENCING TO-MORROW, MONDAY. . I
We will place on sale a sample line of Suits purchased 4*
from a leading New York manufacturer at 50 cents on the -J*
dollar. • T
27 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, extra value for $10.00, will J
be placed on sale at. $5.00 £
34 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, extra value for $12.50. will \
be placed on sale at $7.50 X
iy TAILOR-MADE SUITS, extra value for $16.50. will \
be placed on sale at $1 0.00 • •
21 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, extra value for $20.00,. will £
¦ 15 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, extra value for $25.00, will t
be placed on sale at. $15.00
37 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, odd sizes, in high grade ma« $
terials, value for $35.00 and $40.00, will be placed on J '
sale at $20.00 1 1
19 BLACK FRENCH CLOTH JACKETS, value for ?
$>oo, will be placed -on sale at .vf j- . . S2 00 ?
, 42 JACKETS, assorted colors, value for $7.00, will be plr.ced i
g on sale at $3.50 \\
28 JACKETS, assorted colors, value for '$11.00, will be "
;i:.;'. placed on sale at $6:00 2
WAISTS. *
FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS will be offered at *
¦. •••. ...75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00, $2.50 ::
195 SILK WAISTS reduced from $6.00 to $3.50 '.'.
Our entire stock of BLACK and COLORED DRESS "'
GOODS reduced 50c on the dollar. I
J. O'BRlEfvT& CO.. I
1146 Market Street, I
, Batween.Taylor and Mason. ::
H 4.*.^ H^^^ >;^ H^^ H^^.. H .,., I • li: ,, I ,. H . ; .. H .. H ,- . • ¦ . ,,.,,,, ,,,. ..*
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "All th* rvimfnrts of Horns.**
ColumMa— * # A Ml<l?«mmer XlijhfB Dream."
Tlvoli— "The Fencing Master."
Central Th*at*r-"A OlebratPd Cas«."
California— "Te«s rt the iyUrbervir.es.**
Orpheum — Vauilevll!e.
Grand Opera -hnu«f v — "Arrah-ria-Poime."
Alhambra— "The Sorrows -nf Satan."
Olyrnpia. corner Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties. —
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every
afternoon anil ev^nlnc.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. .* «
T'nion Courstns: Tark— Courslnjr to-4«x.
Metropolitan Temple — llenschel R«ctta.29.
Tuesday, February 5.
Metropolitan Traplo— l*ctnr« by Rer. Peter
C. Yorkc. Thursday eveninjr. February 7.
Metropolitan Temp!" — Stereoptlcon Plantation
V1»T.». Wednesday «v»nlnif. February 8.
T. M. C. A. Ilall-Mandotln Concert, Friday
night. February s.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital. Tuesday
afternoon. February 12.
Tanforan Park — Races to-morrow.
AUCTIONS.
By Wm. G. Layre — WednMday. Frtrnary «.
at » ©"clock. Horses, at Folsom and Sixteenth
streets.HBALWBILL CREATES FUN IN THE ASSEMBLY.
¦ It ls estimated by Grove that thc. idea
of the pipe organ was borrowed from the
human chest, mouth and larnyx.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO.'S
STAND MAY BE REOPENED
ITegotiations Pendisg for Lease of
the Big Store on Upper Mar
ket Street.
Juflce Maruire, artlr.p as attorney for
NrUie and Fanny Murphy, is conducting
ropotiaiions for the rental of the hip store
In the Murphy building, lately occupied,
ty J. J. O'Brien & Co. ns a dry goods
emporium Several Eastern firms have
com* forward with offers, but a Portland.
<Or.j firm is thoujrht to be the most proU-
ALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
fl MENTO; Feb. 2.-Felipe Fellz, the
II . fler>' young Democrat, usually
uncomproralsinply against the
Assembly majority »and always
ready to join Issue with his oppo
nents though defeat- be inevitable, this
morning single-handed appropriated $100.
000 to be used by the State- Board of
Health under the direction of the Gov
ernor in suppression of and quarantine
against Asiatic cholera., plague and other
contagious diseases, as provided, by Pen-
The rent asked for the store pives an
Insight into the expenses involved ln a
large dry Roods house. Intending lessees
are asked to ray $2n00 per month, while
J. J. O'Brien &. Co. paid a monthly rental
of $3000.
The preat drawback to leasing 1 the biR
store so far has been that all the pros
pective lessees wish to cut the store un
into departments, whereas its owners
want to keep it as one larjfe store.
able lessee, and If its offer is accepted
by the Murphy heirs the nip store will be
reopened under its management.
representatives of the local leagues wtll
determine the course of procedure In the
campaign that Is to follow. Mr. Speera
says that Uift State League decided to be
gin its Northern California work In this
county because the standard of th© ant
saloon sentiment was higher here than
In any of tho northern counties.
WOODLAND, Feb. 2.— Bev. TV. J.
Speers ha* been sent to Yolo County by
the State Anti-Saloon Iyeague to organize
a local league ln every church, and ln
every locality. When this ls accomplished
a county convention will be called and
Anti-Saloon Leagues.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
¦ oJ railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery street •
dleton's Assembly bill 600. Feliz was
rabidly opposed to the bill, yet the frantic
efforts of Johnson In favor of it were, un
availing until the member from Monterey
stepped into the broach and unwittingly
gave the vote necessary to carry the
Few more than a. quorum were present
and the negative voto of eight had kept
tho bill from receiving the forty-one nec
essary to pass it. Johnson demanded tht
call of the absentees and still- his pet
measure was three votes shy. He | de
manded that the roll be (jailed again and
"If that were the only urgency In
volved," Speaker Pendleton. whose bill it
was, said, "the author of the bill would
consent to delay."
But another purpose evidently was in
volved, due to the presence In San Ffan
cisco of the three experts, agents of the
"Treasury Department— "peripatetic ex
perts,'' Johnson called them— and the
Speaker brooked no delay. His rulings
were directly responsible for tho passage
of the bill, which was put Into his hands
for introduction no that there might be
the least degree of danger of Its defeat.
Feliz made the point of order when tile
bills were called up as a special order
that their consideration was Irregular,
since the vote yesterday making them a
special order was 32 to 27, failing of the
necessary two-thirds majority.. The
Speaker • ruled' the point not well taken;
FpIIz appealed from the decision of the
chair and on motion of Johnson the ap
peal was tabled witih dizzy haste. ,
Foster was the only Republican who
voted against the bill. Reeber and Sutro
voted with the Republicans and Kincaid
dodged the issue.
On the motion of Johnson., who felt
magnanimous, consideration of Assembly
bill 559. the remaining bill of the three
that followed on the heels of the Gover
nor's message conveying his correspond
ence with the Treasury Department, was
deferred until Monday. It Deing made a
special order along with the first. Assem
bly bill 558.
Kellz made the point that if , as was as
serted by the friends of the bill and as
he believed, rio bubonic plague existed in
San Francisco there could be no urgency
in the case, and a postponement of the
third reading and final passage of the bill
until i Tuesday, for which the minority
wan struggling, was only reasonable in
view of the large size or the appropria
tion. .
Johnson fairly shook with la.ughter. his
head tilted back like that of a gnome in
convulsions ovor the result of some prank.
He stood up, and between bursts of laugh
ter thanked th« member from Monterey
for helping him out of a "very tight
place." Then he shook hands with him
self in lieu of a handshake with Feliz.
Everybody laughed with Johnson, and
Johnson is Btlll laughing. ' - s
It Is evident that the friends of the bill
expect It to meet stubborn opposition in
the Senate. Johnson said during the
course of the debate, while trying to con
vince members that the case was one of
urgency: •
"There are some bodies not bo narg-e as
the Assembly 'out where they discuss
things- much more than we do. I. am
mentioning no names, but for that reason,
in view of the urgent need of -the appro
priation, I appeal to you to cause no delay
here, so that we may send the bill
promptly to the Senate for consideration
there."
A roar of laughter and cheers arose, and
with the whole Assembly laughing at hia
discomfiture Ftliz tilted back in his chair
and tried to look unconcerned. He. Feliz
of Monterey, l.ad In thc ardor of his op
position passed a bill that would have
been killed on tiie third reading except for
his mistake, aiio he was not unconcerned
and. did not look it.
Fellz had been doing a stunt In addition
and his flguM-i showed the measure t<
have received forty-one votes, while ii
reality but forty members had voted foi
it. Just as Feliz arose Johnson tremu
lotisly demanded to know If Klncald die
notdealr*- to vote, and after Fellz's faui
pas Kincaid 'stood up and said he pre
ferred not to vote, though he had beer
urging Hubbard to vote for it. Kincaid 1 !
announcement disclosed to Feliz the mis.
take he had marie, but he hesitated an In
stant and was losi. Speaker Pendleton'i
gavel came down with a crash.
"Forty-one Ryes, eight noes. The mo
¦Ion to adopt is carried," shouted th«
Speaker.
"Mr. -Speaker, I desire to change m
i'ote from nay to aye. in order to give nc
ice of a motion for reconsideration.""-
he, Atherton and Klncald gathered Rroum
Hubbard and succeeded In inducing him t<
change from no to aye. Atherton al««<
voted aye. Flsk and others were hurry
insr here and there to nnd absent meixi'
>ers. a search in which the sergeant-at
irm9 assisted. Another Democrat or tw(
* - ere inadvertently roitf'ed- out 'by th<
>«atlng of the brush and they added theli
/otes to the column of noes. Johnsoi
ivas having cold chills and repeatedlj
.vent forward to the clerk's desk to in
luire desperately whether there were ye 1
inough votes. Speaker, clerks and John
son on the floor were co-operatlni? ii
scientific sparring for time, but theli
:ause seemed hopeless when Fellz aros<
ind struck a dramatic attitude, silhouet
ted by the high light afforded by th<
northeast window, and said:
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
HEALTH BILL CARRYING A LARGE
APPROPRIATION IS PUT THROUGH
WITH THE AID OF A DEMOCRAT
19
THE GREA T CHALLENGE SALE ! \
See Cur Big Glass Front for Best Furniture !
Bargains an San Francisco. !
PATTOSIEN'S!
B e?p£iZ?oliidmg, Cor. 16th and Mission Sis. j
Special Sale at Special Prices of Odd |
Pieces of Upholstery. |
¦ ALL OUR OWN MANUFACTURE. j
Corner Giairs. Morris Cruirs, Roman Chair«. Rocker?. Easv Chairs. J
Divans. Tete-a-Jctc>. Turkish Chairs and Rockers. Sleepy Hollow Chairs] J
Lounges, Ketlininjj Chai's. Parlor Suites — in I'rocr.te'le, Tapestn'. \'c- *
lours. Crushed Plush. Leather. Roman Velvet and all the new things. <
Reliable, durable and stvlish Parlor Furniture. . <
5:11 everything for Home Furnishing. 1 'ipholsteriiis and re- <
riiring old furniture <
Swell Novelties in Fancy Rockers. j
Carpets, Straw Matting, Runs. j
A RATIZ CHANCE to obtain a handsome carpet or rue at a low (
price durn^ this great stock-reducing sale now in progress. ' I
fiOr for "5c TAPESTRY CO for SMYRNA j
vv *- BRUSSELS CAKPJiTS— »" RUGS. |
handsome pattern?. & * »»/\ r.-._ w m c\rvD\T\ i
Cl 00^ $i^s MOQUETTE $4.50 00 SM\R>iA
UU snd VELVET CAR- KLGb. ,
PETS — immense shonrins: of QO for $I2O ° DANTZ U \
choice pattern?. V JAP RUGS. Qxi2. J
Sl.lO for $I so VELVE ,T CA^- Cl^ Af| for $20.00 SMYRNA J
•51-iy PETS— best quahn— val- OI3.WU RUGS. 7:6x10:6. <
ues impossible to .duplicate asram. A/ v r v. C w VDV . ¦(
Special offerings m AXMIX- $25.00 f ° r^°° SM\RNA
STER RUGS, ar $15. Sio.Cft nn , •' R^ GS> QXI2> absJ '<
$12 and vPO.UV lutely best quality. (
Straw Mattings. Japanese mattings, fancy J
Fanry effects .^oc oualitv 2Oc inlaid and plain effects — hundreds (
CHINESE MATTINGS, beau- of patterns to select from— the best 4
tiftU colorings, 20c quality I t^n val^es ever offered. per25f \
f or ..-. lvJ ** yard 40c and**^^ j
Lace Curtain Bargains. • j
$;n ork"> Trnrth of KINK LACK CT'R- $0 <V> I^ace Curtain!!, this mason's <
TAINS will Ko on Falf>. These cur- pattern?. vc\\\ ro at. a <^ O "7T5: (
inins w«»re recently rurchappd by Mr. pair ;.1iOilO :
Pattn<=ien in NewY<Tk from a larps jT.-fl nnrs at. £-!."•"! K<» at- SJ1O.0O .
Importer at .Vk; on the $1 00. They are S".^ onwi Rt..»*5.<M>; «2.i ones at.i-I^.HO '
a.11 ntw. fresh pnixls. The barRaIns=: J15 cnes at. ?T..">1». i:ii> on« at.sM5.oo <
52(« I^oo rurtalns.- this Reason** X .«V the yard-Sash • Muslins and (
rat»iri« will co at a Cl O2£ Npjs at 1Or a > ani VV- The most {
patterns, win po ax, a J^I^^J complete lino of these jroods shown <
SSOO lice" 'Curtains'" this season's by.iw. All the fancy novelties, ,
patterns, ¦will ko at, a CO *^^ Od<1 Curtains for Couch Covers— .
p a j r , Qa»UO "irnported" borders all around— re- ,
MOO iJace Curtains, this season's versible. heavy qujility. worth $5 01 '
5 :..^ 11 . 1 ..!: 0 ..^:.^ $3.25 at c each! u .. b ! ! . c . 1 .?r. o . d .?. u !$3.5O j
§0jj£TA n y C ar I s a C ar for Pattosien' s \
I iraift Tip my mtrifl poon after praduat- I aCRS FA/I I- ' called the king of all vpnereal diseases.
Jr.g from rollppe that no one man to ¦ CV\»* Ch* ' * !t may be eitn '- r hereditary or contracted.
pr*a.t enough to master the *»ntfre fi«»M of 'A. Vjb Once the system ls tainted with it. the
n \\ •¦ ¦•-.•. r>. Furgcry. Many phyFicians I"%/"\ v^» £/+ TFlfAT disease may manifest ltf»f>]fln thf> form
\ five trJ^fl to do this, but they have met \j\3 Wr'* "^^^M^ Vj* I KLAI nf pcrofllIa . ecze.ma, rhonmatlo pains, stiff
¦with results y5ually disappointing to 3P sJffl . or swollen Joints, eruptions or copper-col-
¦ -¦ • < - :.-. ! often disastrous to their /%£% ored spntp on the fare or body, little ulcers
patW;'. •-. 1 r t:,:s reason I delermirj«*d VOT" MF"W ' n '^ e mouth or on thn tongue, botp
early In ray professional career to fonfln<> •» " 1 MTrX n ¦ I" LI™ 'throat, swollen tonsils, fallinK out of the
my practice etrlctiy to h Finale line of fiZSu 6 hair or eyphrows and. finally, a leprnus*-
<li?<>.'iSfs and to oripfinatir.g and perfecting TrtriT IHaffs!* *>S3SSSSh H /Mil %/ "^ e eca y °' the flesh and bone. If you
cures for them. 1 therefore treat <>:ilv I KLAI n*£S$( &>-^&!z B*RB lIMLY have any of these or Himilar symptoms
TT'.nt I arn absolutely certain th^it T < an Tr\SlH! zO0t&*zy v*&£it1a y 0 " arp rortllnlly Invitrrt to consult me
riire to stay o«rr>d — VAR1COOELR, I^jJkI V~" H Immediately. If I find your fears are un-
FTRTrTURK. CONTAOIOIJS BLOOD All \VW \ H* A \1 fl founded I will quickly unburden your
POISON. NERVOUS DEBILITY. RUP- ALL \ 134- LajV B r\rlU mind. But If ypur constitution is affected
TURK K1DNKY AND i R1NART ]>!>- \*lM^> *4 with vlrIIS I- will tell you so frankly; and
EASES uv'. all rcfl< x r-omsjllrations nnd - ",£!) /OT^tSfflWi ¦v'Sm r>llnr show you how to Rot rid of it. My special
apso<iat. difasp? and weaknesses of men. niCTACTC ffi&Zi'^&ZilBB ~ ¦~V£&***bsr I 1 1 1\ I treatment for contagious blood poison ' ls
To t! >-e mnladies Hlone ihe best years of. UloL^OLj (t<^^^r\^^A 5^^^^5?' practically the result of my life work, and
mj life have |..-.-n r^rnostly r>r. vr ,irr) i and &<?&, KM >n&w&K\ ls lndorSf>f l b V the h^Ft phyHician<* of
nn them all my faculties are concen- nilT V£-~X* Vt't^^Sm^^O ' Id^^i^^^rJia Tnrw America and Europe. It contains no dan-
trated. My consultation and operating BU I .^^^^^^^fel^v IIILIVI peroiis drups or injurious medicines of
ro< ms thoroughly equipped with every s^'*^i3$rwGPM^'*£rA "tf^^lSi^^jPL* nn >' ki n fl - J t encs to the Very bottom of
scientific apparatus, instrument and de- 'll> KW&ttts£SiC* 'irf^CS'^S^i>^'lS*' tne disease and forces out every particle
vice 'wr.tiM to the most modern m^th- Tl RF 'l^Ki-iWf^^^T^uK l^^^^^ 1 '-' ¦ Tfl of lni Purlty. Soon every sIrii and symp-
odf of practice, and my references, both V>UUL J&^\wffl4iWi~*&J***}f ' l3^!^W$m£ ¦¦vf torn of blood, poison disappears cOmplete-
profcpsional aj d financial, .ik nrr.oivr th<% g3g|/ai£gMra£MJ&il I I " ly an(i f°rover. The blood, tho tissue, the
best citizens <¦ f this vicinity, who have All ! i: \\\ ", IvsZaZZZ&SS&liMM CTAV ' flesh, the bones nnd the whole system are
hern r-rrl by me and made Lap^y. I /ALL I •' < T ?^$*a^?J <^V?^i i I «^(*wi«i^^^^? OIAI cleansed, purified and restorer! to perfect
v.^r.t every nfflictpd man to fully and free. •'; : : : r^/^^o^%A o W^^I^^-'-^ health and tho patient prepared anew for
ly lnvectigrate :ny treatment. Each cas» Tnr . T • "'•¦ r '^*» << < : - :^^ V/W//ffi£j$S : S' : - : ' /> linrn the duties and pleasures of life.
as^f^?S?&Ssg?Sffi»SSs5: treat. tlliili §mmm& CURED. , mnpiATFnim<!r.«
Rsyss^'t^s.i'Tsar ssssi r\r\rs*T*r\Y-i o\\ir*-A kt\/ fl^uuiAitui^fcAbhb.
from time to time as required. The dis- § Rfl IB iB-H S-^T \i\i F* l\ IX.I * V In curln K an aliment of any kind I
fsses that constitute my specialty are I -M \Jf \^ > R >L B I « • C J V If I j / ' % I Tl 1 — never fall to remove the reflex compllca-
mor« fully commented upon below, and •"¦ * * w w m. m. m. *% - m. m tiona or associate diseases. If the case- m
are wll -worth the careful perusal of .all i _„ ~± r- ± i i- • i ¦"« .#-» o « i« i-ii Varicocele the weakness caused by it dis-
in needcf medical attention. . Longest Established, MOSt SUCCeSSf ul and Reliable appears. If it is Stricture and has dev*l-
o •i'j.'i-v« -en* ¦ ' oped into Prostitlc, Bladder or Kidney af«
Ifininnnrir bpeCiallSt in Diseases Of Men, • factions, the injured organs am all re-
lAniLfJuL Li — ¦ cy-7 »/» » r>Trr-TT f>^, « w.t t-tt-* a nT/>ir«/>/% » ¦ stored to a perfect, healthful condition. If
1 737 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ">¦ Contagious Blood Poison, any and all
Whatever may br the cause of varico- f _! y ¦ ¦ Skin, Blood and Bone Diseases ariBlng
eele. u« injurious effect Is well known. It . 'rom taint a re entirely and Perma-
tftprt-Eses. the mind, weakens tho body, -ferent doctors lave disappointed you. You all other diseases, in never on the utand- Jl e ?H^ tl .S the system. If it
facks the nervous pyrtem and ultimately will be cured just as certainly as you still. With it you can make no compro- i^T^filC^i t^ VJ an * y ' 8t f e ' s "g symp-
lrads to a complrt« loss of power. If you take my treatment. I will not do It by mise. Either you must master it or it will * m " ' 1?, n ? l V, " 3 V , n a , nd , indicating
B re a victim of this dire disease come to cutting or dilating. My treatment is new. master you and fill your whole future ? o P^I2.«r I? ? rt ti7u- L P y cal nd m .^"
mv office a.nd let mn explain to you my entirely original with me and perfectly with misery nnd Indescribable woe. I J. a l are totall>rerno\ed and rapidly
process of treating It. You will then not palnloss. It completely dissolves the have treated so many cases of this kind I^r 1^ C^ by T J the yo^ hful f.n«rgy of robust
wonder why I have positively cured hun- stricture and permanently removes every that I am as 'amiliar with them as you wiTi 6^ " S J Us a " d T'
dred.s of rases of varicocele during the obstruction from the urinary passage, it ar e with the very daylight. Once cured PfiLpn fi««M«t« a?* i«« ™ ay i )e p J,°5 er y
past twelve months. Under my treatment flops every unnatural discharge, allays by me. you will never again be bothered ¦fSp7 e A"S#?fi a « n ri 8 .^ w .U Ich s ln
the r.atiort improves from the very be- all inflammation, reduce., lhe prostate, with drains, prematureness or weak or- •nfi t '-. a l ?i2 1 f A ei ?H? ? liSSI H« t » an .i he->rl S"
pinninff. All pain instantly ceases. Sor»- *>*"£ «" hen enlarged, cleanses and heels gaps, nervousness, faillnp memory loss t «,,„ S\tl^J . , V^!™J?i » i them— all,
ness and swelling quickly subside. Th« the bladder and kidneys when Irritated or o( ambition or other nymptome which rob Ltth^'hA en?e of thA^ifl !^ i Rn , d foreVer
poolF Of stagnant blood are forced from congested, invigorates the organs and re- you of your manhood and absolutely un- • h the cureof tne maln malady.
the dilated veins, which rapidly assume Ftores to health and soundness every part fit you for study, busmess, pleasure or nnnnrcnnunninr '
their rfrrr.nl Fize. Fir^erth and sound- of the body affected by the disease. marriage. My treatment for men will cor- UK K rArllftH! J-N !!h
tiei-s. All Indications of disease and weak- rect all these evils and restore you to ' UUI1IIUUI U11UL.IIUL.1
ness vanish completely, and in their etead lirnUflllP nmil ITU what nature • intended— a hale, healthy. Z'.'-*\ 1. . „
rorne the i-ride. the power and the pleas- IirnVliUiS UCD LI ha PP>' n)fin - wIth Physical and mental „. ™* * r a "nn« C nnp«Tn V," u , succp snfully
ure of perfect health and restored man- IIUIIIUUU UL.UIL.I I li powers complete ' ¦ at home. Ono personal visit is preferred,
hood ->.";< v /• . ;.:U i C-~ -;' ;¦;;-. ¦ but If it is impossible or inconvenient for
STRICTURE. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON. p^~£;?SIS
It matters not how long you have F tif- unless you do something for yourself. On account of lt<. frightful hldeon««^.« .« r P" v ,^l? U "^.v a , . Blv t % each pa "
fere.1 from etricture. nor bow many dlf- There is no time to lose. Impotency. like comalio^s blood fflfon Is commonly premises g ' COntract t0 hold my
RBFERENCES-BBST BANKS AND LEADING BUSINESS MEN tN THIS CITY.
Consultation FREE and CONFIDENTIAL.
Office Hours, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 1O a.m. to 12 only.
Call op Address FvL. SW.EANY, M,D., 737 Market Sti, San Francisco.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
ADVEBTISEHHENTS. .
¦ I Remnant i>ale now on. G^ocl new* for^every- ia
|| body. You need remnants — you need them every II
i| day. HanJy to fix over -things with — handy to If
|l have and good to buy because they cost so little. |j
§1 Our annual remnant sales are a feature in S.F. In
HI merchandising. Hundreds of women wait for them IB
uM — hundred* read pur ads for savings such as these. ||
11 Henrietta Cloth Remnants— 3 fi "?« firm fabric— ii
IB " • one of the most stvhsnli
15 and desirable materials for fancy waists, tea gowns, party dresses, a I
Hi dancing costumes, etc.. we have ever shown — the newest shades of jl
il old rose, watermelon, oink. cream, turquoise, baby blue, cherry, red. II
If royal purple, etc., are shown— all 36 inches wide— the immense Pop-||
S ularity of this line, the 40c ubric, has left many odd ends — QlcII
8 these remnants Yard -*- Jl
I At the Market-street store omy, ul .
I Remnants of Silk-faced Velvets^ ou h n a c t ed {^ll
n mings, yokes, etc. — from V* to 2J4 yard lengths in all kinds of col-ga
S ors— some sold at 7Sc and some sold at $1.00 a yard— any in q- ||
1 the lot * Yard *«t gl
|| On sale ot the Market-street store only. U a
§1 n^^. — «^*^ «r c;iL- r»onnMc- b ' ac k or colored— the?e Hg
il Remnants of Silk Crepons are from thc famou J|
¦fl .Manchester mills of Bradford. England, and are the best silkcreoon* III
in made in the world to-day — the blacks are fast black in every sense of ifi
¦ I the word— a rich. deep, lustrous silk finish and an elegant fabric— 1 1
II among the colors are shown new blues, garnets, golden browns, sil- 1 1
|| ver grays, reseda, etc. — from 42 to 46 inches wide. Composed of silk h 3
|| wool and mohair— this line was immensely popular at $2.00 and $2.50 li.
99 a yard, and, as a result of this popularity, hundreds of remnants from II
BB i l A to 6 yard lenfeths are leit — all these on the sale tables be- q/*^, IE
|h ginning at 8 a. m. to morrow at Yard "Ow 81
18 On sale at the Market-street store only. fl| .
ii Remnants of Black Army Serge^y of||
11 wonderful wearing worth— iitst the thing for sepa/ate skirts, shopping II
89 dresses, shirt waists, etc.— perfectly fast black— 42 inches wide El
m& and one of the most popular 35c cloths this store has ever shown — ||
¦I 'this accumulation of remnants from 2 to g yard3 in leneth <y ||
¦I will be placed on sale at Yard 1 * v* HH
R| On sale at the Market-street store only. " q
|| Remnants of All-wool Waist Cloth ~S5^S IS
II immensely popular this season— here's a chance to* get a waist length at S |
%M a remarkably low" figure— the shades shown areroyal blue, old rose. II
|| tan. seal, golden Ijrown. olive, turquoise, gray and castor — also'good Bfl
il for children's dresses, capes, automobile coa,ts, etc. — it 13 our 75c ||
II quality, and ranges in width from 48 to 52 inches— your pick • Q | 9
|| .' Yard 4UC §0
id On sal* at the Market-street store only". ,• £
gl Remnants of English Eiderdown^tb^Tn ||
16 the very latest of the prettv autumn shadings and in patterns of stripes. 9 It
IB plaids and checks — iust what you need for nightgowns, skirts and IbI
li children's wear— usually sold at 15c— special while it lasts q I h|
II Yard oC |jj
BB ***** * On sale at the Market-street store only. ||
II Remnants of Lace Curtains- 1^"" £^£?. If
|| room windows here is a chance at a saving— go pairs of Nottingham 91
¦ 1 lace curtains. 2V2 >-ards lone, to be closed out to-morrow — white and H9
I ¦ ecru— have been selling at 85c a pair, and are in most de?ir- rq— |q
I M able patterns. Sale begins at 8 a. m. to-morrow........ Pair **OV* |U
fl a On sale at xhe Market-street store only. • fl H
I 1 Remnant Sale of Bedspreads -^f^ a t° q r u ? c t! 11
1| step prices— 1 1-4 honeycomb spreads— big enough for double bed? II
BB —Marseilles patterns, hemmed and ready for use — onr fa- f\f\ la
HB mous $1.35 line on the counters as a hummer at.. ..Each *"WU nn
B j On tale at the Market-street store onty. fj a
1 1 Remnant Sale of Comfortere^^L 0^' if
II big, warm fellows, the kind for wintry nights, large enough for dou- ¦ Bj
El e beds— covered with silkoline. tufted with zephyr and filled with Ig
BB pure, white, sanitary cotton— $1.65 was the price; cut to -.* q— On
IB close during remnant sale at , ..Each J>I»^O |R
I Remnant Sale of HuckTowels-fj 6 *^/! IE
1 these are the sensible kind— hemmed — Irish manufacture and con- BB
N secjuently good — 100 dozen have been picked out to go on sale at 8 Em
I a. m. to-morrow — a wonderful opportunity to purchase tow- -tr\f §3
I els enough for another year— special Each ivJW II
1 On safe at the Market-street store only. j| Q
fi Free Delivery In San Francisco and Near-by Town*. S jj
Jv KS k?j Uu £y3 w?^L r BtJ win b M
13 In W. L. Douglas* $3, $4 and $5 shoes you can buy 1 I
I 1 the best shoe in America for $2.50, for that is the f 1
II price I shall sell them at to-morrow. I am going' to I I
I ft quit, and these shoes must be sold. I 1
I I Men's $7 Shoes. ' Ladies' Shoes. I 1
II NowforH. :f 3 Pairs for $1. *; i 1
1 1 Up-to-date— black, tan, pat- Shoes that once , sold for I I
I I ent leather and vici kid — made • $4.00 and $5.00— -lines broken — I I
mi by ridward Clapo for this sei- if they fit you it's a wonderful \ I
1 i son's wear — stylish, comfort- bargain. -^ i I
1 \ able and desirable^ — full lines. !^ * I I
I ft ¦•'¦» ot Mea's Shoes. 11
I 1 Children s ohoes. $i p a ir. j l
1| Plenty of styles and makes Formerly $4.00 and $5.00— I g
fl j in children's shoes — cut orices. out-of-date toe. bat com- I |
¦m I 40c and 50c. fortable — good to work in. I I
•. I- 1 This sale is a snap for small shoe dealers, j. I
jj Richard Pahl, j
1 j 324 Kearny St., Near Bush, jlAdversity U often a ble»«lnc la Ola-
Stock
of age, from Los Anpeles, are lodgers in
the City Prison, awaiting action by their
parents and the Chief of Police there.
They are Albert Touron, whose parents
live at 230 Winston 6treet; Milton Bran
don, 527 Kuth avenue, and Mabel Jordan,
1600 Fourteenth street.
Wednesday evening Captain Seymour
received a dispatch from Chief Elton of
Los Angeles to arrest Touron, as he was
wanted for stealing JS5 from his father.
He was to arrive on the steamer, but the
dispatch came too late, as all the passen
gers had disembarked before Detective
Hammill reached the wharf. He found
Touron yesterday at S46 Mission street,
where he and the boy Brandon and the
girl had been living. J
Touron denied stealing any money from
his father, and said he had earned all the
money he used as clerk in a drug store.
He wanted to visit this city and took his
friend Brandon with him. The girl was
also anxious to come to look for a situa
tion, and her mother was at the wharf to
see them off last Sunday. He paid the
girl's fare. The girl's father Is a con
tractor, anl until seven months ago 6he
lived with her parents on Langton street,
near Harrison, In this city. The family
removed to Los Angeles at that time. In
Brandon's pocket was found a letter from
his mother, which he received yesterday,
urging him to return home.
Trio of i/os Angeles Youths Taken
Into Court by Local
Police
Two boys and a girl, each about 16 years
TWO BOYS AND A GIRL
LEAVE HOME TOGETHER
mining on a large scale will be carried on
at Murray Creek. • - ¦--.
The isolated situation of the Ferguson
mine, so says the Sonora Union-Democrat,
has Induced the management to go back
to the primitive arastra process to secure
values from its ores. Should the mine re
veal rich ore a modern crushing plant
may be erected. It is necessary to pack
in supplies a great distance at large ex
pense. The Gerrymander Gold Mining
Company, which has been working the
Gerrymander mine under a bond, ha3
made the final payment of J10.000 and
operations will soon b« planned on a
larger scale. The differences of opinion
among the officials of the Boston Mining
Company, owning the Harvard mine be
low Jamestown, have been reconciled and
operations will soon be resumed. Work in
the Gagnere Tnina has been stopped by
an attachment.
" F. J. Devlin, presiJent of the Jackson
Butte Mining and Milling Company, in
forms the Amador Dispatch that his com
pany will soon resume work. Active work
on the Fleming property, which is on the
eastern part of Suuer Creek, will prob
ably begin soon. The East Central Eu
reka Mining Company and the Central
Eureka Mining Company are about to In
dulge in fresh litigation. One suit was
dismissed by the plaintiff last month, but
another suit . has been riled to recover
$165,000 ln the Superior Court ln San Fran
cisco? An attempt will' be made to have
the case transferred to the Superior Court
in Amador County.
The Placervllle Nugget reports that
twenty-five men are working at the Shaw
mine. The mine Is upon what Is known
aa the Shaw ledge.
A press dispatch from Las Cruces, N.
Mex., says that great excitement prevails
in Organ over a strike made ln Torpedo
mine at a depth of 165 feet. A vein of
almost pure native copper or» was en
countered while tunnel drifting. Cross
cutting shows the vein to be four feet
The Legislature of Oregon U consider
ing bills concerning mining, which make
changes ln reference to tho location of:
claims, the posting of notices and the
performance of assessment work- A bill
has also been Introduced to provide for
a uniform system of mine bell signals.
The object of this measure Is to reduea
to a minimum accidents now due entirely
to the misunderstanding- of signals- In
the absence of any law covering the mat
ter almost every mining camp in th«
State has a different system of signals.
As miners go from one camp to another
they get confused with the signals and
the result Is that accidents occur.
ton local superintendent, both of Las
Cruces.
A Scotch syndicate has been baying cop
per properties In Arizona located near
Huron. These were worked for a tlm«
under bond.
The annual report of th» Government
officials for the East Kootonay. B. C. dis
trict shows there are 1043 prospects or
claims in "the district under actual devel
opment, live hundred new locations wera
recorded last year.
The- Silver State, published at Wlnne
mucca, Nev., publishes tho following
glittering story:
John Fitzgerald is on* oZ th« luoklest man
in the village. He has a plec« of rock ln
his possession that he picked up threo years
ago in the high Sierras. It doesn't look so
mighty rich. It Is composed of hard y«llo-»
clay and yellowish looking Iron pyrites. John
gave & piece of the rock to Ollle Perry to as
say, expecting to get at least traces out ot It-
Ferry found it assayed 5712 ounces of gold and
11,4:4 ounce3 ln silver, or about 1123,000 to th«
ton.
The Defiance mtn» at Darwin, Inyo County,
owned by th« Pat Reddy estate. ha« be«n
bonded to S. B. Mllner and C D. Rooklldgo at
Salt Lake City for $100,000.
wide, but the hanging wall has not yet
been struck. The property Is owned by
a Chicago syndicate, of which R, Y. An
derson is superintendent and R. C. Hat-
Different Sections Gtow Enthusiastic
Over Outlook for Wealth to
{ ¦ Flow From Their Elch
Acres.
?
What mtgrht fairly bo called a race for
"gushers" Is now ln progress. A score
of counties. If polled, would vote that a
"gusher" • is the on* thing needed to at
tract attention and secure Investment of
capital ln oil lands. Never before has the
oil fever reached such proportions in the
counties north of Fresno. ¦
Every section Is hopeful and given to
exploitation. Whatever can be done will
be done to verify the report of
State Mineralogist Cooper to the general
effect that other oil regions of great fer- I
tility yet undiscovered exist in California.
The incorporation of oil companies goes
steadily on and the dealers in oil well sup
plies are filling their coffers in return for
paraphernalia which will decide whether I
it is a "gusher" or a "dry well." |
Discoveries in Texas do not jar the con
fidence of the California petroleum men,
for they reason that consumption will In
crease at home, as it has ever since any
thing like an adequate Bupply of oil could
be had as a basis for contract making.
Some extracts from the papers of the
week Illustrate the opinions prevailing In
widely separated sections: :•
We are ln the beginning of a great develop
ment in California, ln Santa Crux County, aa
we believe, of a development • compared with
which in future years the gold and the lumber
and the fruit will appear to bo of minor Im
portance. •' .;'
Such is the view of the Santa Cruz Surf.
The Tri-Weekly Promoter, published at
Willows, reports:
Practically all the land ln the oil belt of
this county has been taken up.. Everybody now
wants to buy. Even those who had no faith
in the existence of oil in our county are load
ing up with stock and the boom seems to bo
near at hand. The boring continues and each
etratum seems to be more assuring and it is
said to be identical with what the experts eay
it should be.
"The residents of Shasta County," says
the Redding Searchlight, "have gone oil
mad." It then goes on to give particulars
as follows:
During the past two months it is estimated
that no less han 600 locations of petroleum
placer claims have been filed with the County
Recorder, and the number is still increaBiw.
The fact has developed that certain «ecticms
of land have been located . by no lesa than five
different claimants, and the results which will
follow the discovery of oil on the supposed oil
belt are looked upon with the irreatest satis
faction by the lawyers of the community, who
realize the fortunes ln Btore for them ln the
form of fat fees when the several claimants
shall attempt to establish their titles - to the.
land. •;'- i -
In all directions the bonding of lands
is going on. If another Kern River dis
trict is not discovered it will not be for.
lack of searching. The "oil expert" is
making money telling lncorporatbrs of
companies what he thinks about the re
spective tracts. of land that they have se
lected for their exploitation.
Considerable interest centers ln the
"test" bill in Sacramento, which the Los
Angeles Record now attributes to the
Standard Oil. and ln the still active con
troversy between the mineral claimant
and the scripper.
There has been a large extension of the
area of operations ln the Sunset field
within a few months. In Santa Barbara
County the drillers have been active in
tho north. The Western Union well on
the Correaga ranch is reported to be down
2000 feet. There has been less activity in
drilling at Summerland than previously,
but tank building has progressed. The
facts concerning recent discoveries of oil
in the northern counties have all been
mentioned in the telegraphic news. The
Bakersfteld correspondent of the Los An
geles Times writes:
Mckittrlck is about to participate in a gen
eral revival, due «o the fact that the railroad
companies have almost caught up with the big
lead gained by the producers during the past
year. The new oil cars are beginning to ar
rive, the nrst having presented Itself yester
day. It is an Immense affair, having a ca
pacity of 300 berrels, twice that of the old car.
In order to locate the center of gravity aa
near the track as possible, the builders have
flattened It at the bottom. A cross section
would look something like a triangle witfi its
sides and base bowed out. As there are sixty
of these cara in course of construction, the
promise of greater facilities for getting the oil
to market are satisfying. This camp also will
soon be ln better position for delivery, as the
two-and-a-half-mlle extension parallels the
strike and gives opportunity all along the line
to conduct the oil from the wells by means of
pipe systems, which are bound because, of their
shortness to prove equal to all demands.
Jay Cleveland, vice president of the
Philadelphia and Arizona Mining Com
pany and manager of the Minnesota mine
at Chloride, Ariz., Bays that If freight
rates can be lowered sufficiently the fur
naces in Arizona would probably all use
California petroleum in lieu of coal.
The lack of bricks at Bakersfield, with
which to wall up bojlers and build "fire
boxes, has delayed th« opening up of some
wells in Kern County. The Bakersfield
Californian reports that several parties
were recently searching through Bakers
field for 2000 bricks and could not get
! them. Neither of the brickyards ln Kern
had a supply on hand. Others who had
them would not dispose of them. Bricks
will have to be shipped in from the out-
Blde to meet Immediate demands.
The- Paso Robles Record says that ar
rangements havo been made for sinking
wells on the Henry ranch, south of Tem
pleton.
As a rule oil wells do not Increase their
flow without assistance, especially if they
are tried producers and have been hitting
a steady gait for several months. There
are exceptions, and the latest is an old
well at Summerland, which, apparently
without reason, has Increased Its flow
from ten to 100 barrels per day. This .well
Is drilled ln the ocean bed 250 feet from
the shore. Since September It has been
producing at the rate of ten barrels, but
has Just become one of the star produc
ers in the Summerland field.
Filings on desert oil lands In San Diego
Counts continue, scarcely a day passing
withouT the filing of a number of notices
ln the Recorder s office. J. H. Richey
has taken up 1120 acres for a large number
of San Diego parties, each person being
entitled to twenty acres,- and Edwin A.
de Haven has filed upon 120 acres for
himself. Both tracts are in tho southern
part of the county. Claims have also
been taken up by R. G. Melros'e and F. E.
Feeler.
The Los Angeles Times says:
Not content with the almost unlimited field
for operation ln the recognised oil districts of
the State, oil prospectors have turned covetous
eyes toward the islands of the sea. - San Nico
las Island, lying sixty miles off the Ventura
coast, will be the next undeveloped field entered
by the prospector, for it is said* there are sur
face indications on that island which point to
rich deposits of the precious fluid below the
surface. : A party of engineers and geologists
will sail from San Pedro for San Nicolas to
make a study of the formation of the various
sections. John Suplee of this' city, a man of
considerable capital, heads the party, and the
scientists who will accompany him are Profes
sor Philip Jonea of the State. University, Engi
neer J. B. Llpplnoott and Geologist -Homer
Hamilton. • '
The Coalinga field will have a water
supply, to be furnished by the Valley
Water Company, which has recently been
Incorporated. The water plant will cost
*30.000. "
The Bakersfleld Californian reports that
the Dabneys have sold their leases on 110
acres of El Dorado property in the Mc-
Kittrlck district. The price Is not given
out. There are eight wells on the tract,
all but one or two being completed. A.
H. Butler and A. L. Devendorf are the
purchasers. They are believed to repre
sent the Santa Fe Company.
The Los Angeles Stock Exchange has
adopted resolutions against , the • "flash
test" bill before the Legislature, declar
ing that the proposed legislation- is a
Berious menace to the petroleum Industry
of California," and that it would be, ? In eN
feet, a prohibition of the refining of Cali
fornia oils, which is . now an Important
industry, and the passage of the proposed
law would give to the refiners of Eastern
oils a monopoly of supplying Illuminating
oils to the trade In' this State. ¦
OIL MEN RACING
AFTER GUSHERS
Searoh for Petroleum Keener
in All Portions of th»
OX 1
State,
EASTERN MONEY
HUNTING MINES
Banker Finds- Reasons for
Investing Funds in.
.Quartz Ledges.
New* Prom iha Rich Ore Counties of
th« Stata Continues to Be of
the Encouraging
'.:¦'-. '« • ' Sort
Better times seem !n store for the own
ers of mining properties who need monty
to develop them. The Eastern man cf
money, Beekingr some place ln which to
safely and profitably invest his money. Is
turning to the mines. Proof of this la
found in the statements made by E. Rich,
an Eastern banker, in a recent article ln
the National Banker. Mr. Rich says the
old-fashioned prejudice ¦ against Invest
ments in mines was -based upon losses,
while it was overlooked that millions are
annually lost in corn,' wheat or pork spec
ulation. Mr. Rich writes, ln part,; as fol
lows:
There Is yearly as much money Invested In
mining as there Is in banking, but banking
does not prove aa safe or • as profitable as
mining, in a time of prosperity the average
banking dividends seldom exceed 8 per cent
a year. That the number of dividend paying
mining companies is larger than all other com
bined industries is fully sustained by statis
tics. That mining produces quicker and greater
profits than any other Industrial pursuit is
evidenced, by the score of multi-millionaires,
rhat there are risks ln mining as well as in
other pursuits is well known to all reasonable
minds, but that the Immense fortunes of the
Mackays.. the Fairs, the Fields, the Sharons,
the Baldwins and hundreds of others, are due
to mining cannot be denied. According to the
census there is less than one hundredth part
pi our industrial population engaged in min
ing, producing for one year a mineral output
or *6i9,59r,876.^If other industries were as pro
ductive of wealth as mining, we would have,
according to- the above ratio, a yearly product
of J6..959.7S7.60O, or twenty-two times as much
aa the estimated circulation of gold and silver
money of tho entire world. The yearly product
? iv .J 8llver . lea d and copper alone. If dis
tributed among the miners engaged ln the dif
ferent mining States producing these metals,
averages from $1000 to $3000 per man. or twenty
times as much as the per capita of products
of all other combined Industries. Mining pro
ducts, with the exception of coal, which Is
consumed, are Increasing our solid natural
*j Ki wtthout being destroyed, like- the veg
etable or animal products.
Miners have known for many years that
general recognition of valuable mining
properties would come. Properly devel
oped, the mines will become a greater fac
tor than ever In the world of finance.
There is a prospect that the mining
camp near Mojave will make a good
showing this year. Stories from there
agree that a score of mines are paylns
their way in development work. The dis
trict was located In WM by George Bow
ers, a prospector, who had -several claims
on the hills about two and one-half milet
from Mojave. He held possession several
years by abandoning and relocating. In
1S96 N. C. Creed attempted to purchase the
entire group, consisting of probably twen
ty claims, his intention being to thorough
ly develop the same. Creed's offer was
refused Creed then offered to thorough
ly develop the entire property at his own
expense, providing Bowers would deed
him a one-half interest in the group This
Bowers also refused, and the claims lay
die again for some time, until Bowers'
interests were lost through jumping Htf
gatlon and otherwise. Since that time
?hf 8 Efn O " «,* ve thorou Shly prospected
the hills until now probably 200 claims
S^m 1 * 6 ?. fco^-ln the vicinltv, and
conslderab e development, work has been
done. Capitalists have been attracted to
tS treSt^h^reS"* ° ery l8 . beln * *"**•<»
An opal deposit has been discovered on
the desert by Temple Harris and Jack
Th^ f h? r , O8 R? Ct ? rs from San Be rnardino,
v£ll £r° us * i, ln " some nne specimens.
They have taken up claims.
The miners of Quartz Valley, according
to the Yreka Journal reports, are getting
ready for extensive operations. In quartz
and hydraiilio mining an* expect to do
well this season, having: a great abun
dance of water from the Immense snow
reservoir of Salmon Mountain.. At Oro
Flno, adjoining, active preparations are
being made to run giants steadily, day
and night, when the weather becomes
warmer to thaw the grround and snow.
The miners on Little Humbug expect to
do lively work as soon aa the weather
moderates sufficiently to melt the snow.
This is generally a dry stream, but will
be well supplied with water until late
during? the coming spring and summer,
to permit washing up a great extent of
the rich-paying gravel lying dormant for
many years on acctfunf or scarcity of
water. » ¦ • . • ¦
A quick mining deal has been effected
in Shasta County. The Cleveland gold
quartz mine at Quartz Hill was sold for
$10,000 by W. M. Hiatt and William F.
Hlatt to the Hiatt Gold Mining Company.
The .deed was placed in escrow, under
bond -of one week, but the property was
paid for before the week had passed.
The mine was located by W. F. and \V. M.
Hlatt in 1S92. The company purchasing
the property was recently organized. The
directors are: D. B. Hunt of Redding, H.
B. Goodwin and W. E. Lester of San
Francisco, A. C. Hamilton of Storey
County, Xev., and John D. Ludwlg of
Marlposa County.
Trie Calaveras County papers report
that the abundance of water has occasion
ed great activity. Work Is proceeding
with vigor in the Angels mine. A body
of ore has been opened at the 600- foot
fevel. The TJtica mine is making Its reg
ular shipments ,of bullion and the exten
sions along th<J main lode toward the
northwest promise well. The Fort Wayne
mine on the east of San Andreas, which
has been idle about eighteen months, will
resume operations on May 1. Hydraullo
THE SAN FRAJ^ISCO" CALL, SUNDAY^ FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
O.
20
They are .sold by -druggists everywhere
In the United States, Great Britain and
Canada. '-:.V: '•'.?-.¦¦ , ;
Cathartic pills never have .and never
can cure indigestion and stomach troubles
because they act only on the bowels'
whereas the • whole trouble la In the
stomach. *
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That Is all there is
to it. Food not digested or half-digested
is poison, as it creates gas. acidity, head-
aches, palpitation, of the heart, loss of
flesh and appetite and many other
troubles." which are often called by some
other name.
This fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far. so far. in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges- -
tion rather, than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made for a remedy so reliable and univc-
sally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important respect
from ordinary patent medicines for the
reason that they are not a secret patent
medicine; no secret is made of the iner^d
ients, but analysis shows them to contan
the natural digestive ferments, pure
aserMic pepsin (government test) Golden
Seal and diastase. They are not cathartic
neither do they act powerfully on anv
particular organ, but they cure indiges-
tion on the common sense plan of digest
ing the food eaten, thoroughly before it
has time to ferment, sour and cause the
mischief. This, is the only secret of their
success.
Stomach troubles are so common and ln
jnost cases so obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and Indigestion.'
Many s,uch people pride themselves on
their acuteness in never being hum-
bugged, especially in medicines.
bugged Prevents Many People
From Trying a Good
' Hedicine.
The Fear of Being Deceived or Hum-
CARRIED TOO FAR.
BUC.iA>Ars BROs.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Si
DDTTOUI?O f O r BARBERS, BAK-
KK M J3XlJ2,O ers. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, .flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
Directory
Reputable
** OIL *»
Companies:
EL MEDIA O'LCO.
• • LAJCDS AT McKITTRICK.
Two miles eouth of railway terminus. Devel-
opment being pushed by experienced men.
Small block treasury stock at IBe Prospectus
and Information furnished on application.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.;
Saf* Deposit Building. 828 Montgomery St.
- San Francisco, Cal. •
For the cur* of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kldntys, Bladder. Femal* Ir-
regularities. - Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Vlecera- 25o a box. At Drursrlata, or
by maU. BAOWAT * CO., New Toffe.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause,
perfect digestion, complete absorption' and
healthful regularity.
Radway's
Pills
THE WELLINGTON
OF BUN8ET— PROVEN OIL LAND^
Controls 440 acres. Are drilling. Some stock
Is being sold at 60o'per share. Information and
prospectus furnished on application. No. 2,
Second Floor. Mills Building. Ban Francisco.
Stock noo-asaeaaabla. Lands in Monterey and
San Luis Oblspo counties. Small amount of
nock now selling at 15a Prospectus and Infor-
mation on application. NORMAL COMPANY
264 Parrott building, S. F.
NORMAL OIL COMPANY.
In a company owning producing. welL -
We Per Share.
Writ* or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 477 Parrott Building 1 .
Investors' Assured
Lands ln heart of Bunset District. Small
block of stock for eale. Prospectus on appli-
cation. Cll SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDINO. 83
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
COLD DOLLAO OIL CO.
Stock Me. Inter Not Oil & Development Co.
stock 25c Lands ln Monterey and Kern coun-
ties. Prospectus and information at office of
MOSLETTER & ALLEN. 6C5 and SS8 Parrott
building, 6. F.
GREAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
FRESNO ALPHA OIL CO.. selling at...:..|1.00
rON'DCW OIL. CO., Belling at... .60
DET CRUDE OIL. CO. selUng at ts
Prospectus and Information at Office-.
O. A. LANE, 6 and 7, 8th floor, Mills bldg.. 8. F.
STANLEUIRSBIP.
«•*"¦* , -^^^ 1 cj^ . -— *^
The FTAN*r-ET AEHTAI* KAVIOATIOX
COMPANY OFTEHS A REWARD to any per-
fec who will iTilcrm the president or secretary
cf the coTr.;.any cf the party or parties who
effer ar.y Stanley Aerial Navigation Company
Ftock for e&le at less than five dollars per
ihare. CHAS. STANLET. PfesKlpit.
CHAB. XBWMA.V, Secretary.
Office 702 Market et.
|P|WEBBE:8ELEpiMCBELTj
? America Ahead of tb« World la Electrical Inren- •
•tlors: Everylwflr knowg tl^s: Ourjiew 15ody-'
• liztterj, (C. S. Pauait) « strictly an American?
' invention— TIIK ltelt of the Century. It send* a"
I'owerlul, reversible current throuch the hnsian .
. f>oJT t'rum t J.-ud to I <><it, cartns Chronic and <
, Ncttous l'"«v.s aad W*»akneitscf 1! ale or female <
. us If by ilatf. So positive are »« that no otter <
> t«»'t istb^t-iiualof "Iir. i'irrro'*." that we will read <
? tt O> \PPUOVAI. lor c*.mi*rli>on with aty belt -
• cow sold ia America. " teeing i* BelleTing." J J
'. NOTE.— We ne-er «enrt T>e'.t« "On Trial," there- <-
i- fora ln ordering "l»r. V\e rce's" no risk U run of < i
tcoctrarung "-'.in IM»ea»* or other I>l>orderi by < '
r-.-.zii an apiihancfl ur<-i'lnu«1r warn iir mihrr"
*¦ strwM. CfclL, or s«ijd a 2o. et*mp for new "Booklet " '
r>o.2. # Address: FILRCK LLKCTTRIC CO. '
w 114S nro»«lway. c.u :lt 2«th St.) J»>w York,.,
Or CSU .liar kit fctrwt, San Francisco. +
BE. W053 WOO TEA AND HE5B SANITAHIUM,
761-76S CLAY STBEET.
J^' ¦•' ban Francisco. Dec. J4, 1900.
\ To all whom It may concern:
if In December. 1899. I was taken
« eick with Black Typhoid Fever,
7 the most virulent type known to
, tr.edical science. I bad bemor-
2v rhagec. both nasal and lntestl-
»\f nal. r'.cht of the- latter occur-
ZKV> ring; ln one day. Dr. 5Vong
I' 1 Woo, the eminent Chinese phy-
rjcian was called, and with one dose of his
tea ttopped the flow of blood, thereby saving
my life, ac I h?ad been given up by my whit*
physician, as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo'a
•wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
rr.\ bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in six months from the time I went to
toed, »r.d now I weigh 2CJ pound;, more than I
tad ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any on* in need
of a first-class physician for any cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH X. FOLKS. 115 Golden Oat*
•ive.. ££.3 FYandsco. CaL
£B| CHICHC8TCWS CNQUBN v
Pernyroval pills
K _ . __ Orl «*"»' •¦* o«ly c«a«i>«,
UF.lt a O 4 t^ld a^uii, b. M ££
la SE*W'fS tkw '" lbb0B - TmlieBO » lfcer ' »«r-»«
Vn *!> «Vi I»c»ccrooi Sub.HtuUort. aa« ImIU.
I / flJ "•¦•• B«y«' t»nt DrsccUt. ar MBit 4e. u
I W Jr Marnix tor rartlealaro. TeattaaaiaU
«-\_ h fnm Mali. l«.O€i« lrxiaoD-.mli. Soil tl
>-^ *JlPrB«Uu. Chlehe«ter«-he»iUalC«,
Cecils ttli p» jo Ma4U*> totre, I'filLA- v£.
Weekly CaU.$1.00 per Year
Famoso OH & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
OH absolutely sure; btart of producing sec-
tion. Drilling; be ln oil sands ln 15 day*.
Email amount treasury stock. 60e. "Write for
proepectus or call. 833 Parrott bid*., 8. F.
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.— Land, in San
Benlto County. Small block of treasury stock
for saJe. fl. Prospectus on application and In-
formation furnished at office of A. KINGS-
BURY. CC5 Parrott Building, San Pranclisco.
ESMERALDA
During February we will make such tempting offers that you will feel it your plain. duty to
furnish a cozy flat and commence being comfortable and happy* Here are our first offerings:
• j ; .; ¦ ; — ; * « ! '. . i »
1 :LH#4^4vgB?fl Wc Are Pacific Coast Agents for OaI#I#»« OaI« r u i AriM .AM' lA'^-J&i
pinuMnwn rampcq Golden Oak Extension l^agU o W-#
irfwlpk vve will guarantee a Richmond— al- . ,Cmm±fK3P -'}— -. ..,. , -"^"^^ ~~L~"
~~ ;^S'iaK^ most forever! The smallest Richmond And polished oak at that! ~. r-VrzS&LA-*, • — tr^Zr^i *' 'F\^\
¦ — -^a^.^ weighs 315 pounds, and with only or- *t extends to six feet— lar^a J tlM^Jsl r^gfi3^g)*iggj
%x^g,gs^^Ki ¦ ¦' dihary care will last a lifetime. enough to seat 8 persons in com- --i aY/ L^^S^^^^r^r^V
r^f i^^ W?~?j~rri~*$> 1 *^^ e castings are smooth as satin — fort. - - P. W r"" -4%^ KjL
&B&A ) l \ easy to polish, retains the polish. You seldom hear of a stylish -j / i^^^S^
\^—3te^Er.^SriJil Nickel trimmings; thermometers on onc » a round one hke thls - /; nV^S"^^^^^^-
The walls of the oven are double, with Picture tells of design and 6y £ r^^^^T^^VjJi:
y^J-^r'^^t^^m an air chamber between— oven can't pet proportions. . . -' . Si /#/5M|ll> * K Tc ' »
sas>^&*xs*r m red hot> can . t CQol off quickly That's The' cabinet work 1$ first-class c WW\^&^W^\Wi
fL T" why they are called "RANGES THAT and we guarantee it. like every- : *%^^<^\ Jg r Y
< » , . , '¦ » . « ¦ ~ ' , ¦ 3
During February we. will sell this beautiful Richmond Range, all set up in your home, with waterback
connected, for $5 down and $3 a month. Why? Because every Richmond we sell makes a stanch
friend of the purchaser, and she in turn tells all her friends — and that is the kind of advertising we want
•*— — : — ¦ '¦ -—zz ' ' : — ? « — »
FOUR-PIECE BEDROOM SUITE $44.50. ", -.FIVE-PIECE PARLOR SUITE $29.00.' -'
Bureau, bed,* chiffonier and washstand — just Hke a hiRh-priced* rv; Two reception chairs, a divan, an armchair and rocker. The frames
suite. ' are made of birch, finished to imitate mahogany, and beautifully pol-
They're solid oak, of course— golden finish! • ' ished.
Bureau is 44 inches wide. The handsome beveled mirror is 24 They are covered in velours and satin tapestry — your choice of a
inches by 3O.inches. The top drawer of each piece curves outward. score of colors.
,¦ See thai wide panel and the massive carving on the headboard of They are extremely well made; our own good npholstery — made
the bed. • • to look well after years of hard service.
The picture only hints at the beauty of this suite. Won't you call Our parlor furniture is best, yet cheapest, in town! Why? One
and see it? You're welcome— looking or buying. profit — make it ourselves-rfurnittxre and profit 1
t , • : — ¦ ¦ ; : — — — — — — ? « — ; ; ; — : <
We'd be g T ad to have you open ah account with us. You can make the payments to suit your convenience.
W c keep everything you cou T d cossibly need to go to housekeeping, and are perfectly willing to let you
pay for it all on the most liberal terms you could ask. \Our regular terms are accommodating enough to
suit nine people out of ten, but if you are the tenth person and need special accommodation as to
first or succeeding payments do not fail to let us know. ¦¦
niRfyiTIIRF PO 1039 market street
V I LllLBllU I UBlBlll UIIL UUip Between Sixth and Seventh.
S. V.. December 4. 1SSS — Dr. Wonj Him. 11S-
317 Ma*on et.. S. F\. Cal.— I5ear Sir: For th«
benefit cf others I wish to make a statement of
my ca?e, which was 4ieart trouble. After treat-
lr.e; with 6lx eminent physicians my case wa»
pronounred Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won*
Him. and his wonderful curst, I decided to trr
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
Etronp. Tours, respectfully.
MRS. HARUOW. 1027 Mission et.. S. F.
December IS. 1900— Thl« la to certify that 1
*«« Buffering for fifteen years from Bright s
dlFeaee of the kidn»y* and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
r*rnedl<rs without affording: me any relief. That
m'.-x. months aeo I applied to Dr. Won« Him ot
IXi-U" Mason street. Ean Francisco, and now
efter six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and ln perfect health. I write thl* In
my appreciation of Dr. Won? Him, and that
other tulererf may be relieved, acd I will b*
criad to certify to this ln person to any one
that may call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALLA^SON,
Orchard arenue, Elmhurst. Alameda Co.. CaL
TO THE fUBLId
• BAN FRAJsXISCX).. Oct.
/**ii»&'t.i* *• 1900— To wh onx It ms.y
ftlSf^Sera concern: This Is to certify
WTM Tg that DS. WOKO HIM of
V'^uJ C^ f 115-117 Mason etrp^t. San
R-' A. # Francisco, has cured ma
yaS / cr kidney trouble and
i$Z~ ) rheumatism and I am
J\^ happy to make this state-
* nent - "S I Odd the Doctor
0~ ¦«<?-'* v --— cctA^** strictly hor.sst in *very
WjiM'-^TlvlJj* **nee cf the word and an
<1 "** ; w«%iE<. v *^ honorable man In all hl<
flpallr-gs. DR. C. A. GAT. Dentist, 902 Second
ave., Iseattle. Wash. , .
C5E25EB3EEEBSSBK!3KEESnfiEEB!finSESBEHHHBEHffin!nB
§ OUR GLOSING-OUT SALE i PIIPPEOCT §
i OF WINTER SHOES IS M OUUUlOOi g
B /& WHBH WB ADVERTISE A q
g SALE ™ E PEOPLE KNOW gg
13 00 CO /r MEANS BARGAINS FOR B
s oZiOUi wr% THEM ' — ¦
n latest mM I 0U3 BIG STORE g
S TOE. W& A aS een CUS " H
a £Lj? J$i tomers every day, but we S
g J^^ j£r $$ hstve extra salesmen, so g
n J$5?^ fvy^^jSM every one will receive as ¦
" p . olite and careful atten " ¦
ri S^^($$Yjl!fflJ' t ' on u " n & ordinary jjj
g trade - S
¦ /''r* ..T <^a^g1^&^ We quote two excellent val- Q
? AX--'.ci- i .-^Si^fSla^^ ncs and invite you to call and D
H %a BMB- B«sj»^^^ inspect the many others we are J
a Me,** FINE BOX GALF off " inB - |
| OR VICI KID LACE, welted- LADIES' VICI KID LACE. I
q sewed, double sole, extension j* 0 *^ irm-***^. m
O edge, reduced from $3.50. |'ft3sc<|i "^ H
n DURING THIS SALE $0 Cf| fl I I H
\% ALL SIZES .... Oti JU \V 1/ Hft^A J "
I OUR BARGAIN COUNTERS TO/ <JM I |
Q Extend the full length of store vM/J J^J «^h S
B and will be filled every morning V&gr J^f fi.,ij$ S
° with fresh ds - i
G Ladies' and men's shoes for j^^^'^'-W^' a
H $1.00 and $1.50 per pair that cost a
a \wo or three times as much. m
S „ ' ~ . . Medium heavy sewed soles, S
B Remember evcrj- pair of winter shoes pitched edges; latest styte coin S
g in our immense stock must ko. t0Cf patcnt i cat hcr tip; to be |
B ,, r ... , "TT. " , . closed out during this sale B
g. We will cheerfully refund the money At Cl CD O
2 for any shoes that do not suit. Ml OliOU B
B . ' B
H STORE CLOSES AT G P. M. SATURDAYS tt P. M. * B
G ire have ho bhakch stores. S
B - ¦
1 a NQLAN BROS. 8I2 " 8 -- RKET =
B 1^ VHI-inil L»1V\/X^I GRANT AVE. IB
a ¦ M B ;
EBBBnagaBBnBBHBBBlMHHBBHBRggCBaHBaHHBBaHBBaBB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/VENT
•¦.'¦M-M 1'hH-H-K-H'M-l M-I-H-M I'M'! I I I M-M-I-M-M I II II I I'M 1
I Dry Goods -'^^^^ Company.
i :
J 300 Pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Q x Q| flf1 nQ r Dnir
4. in hanchome real lace ertects Ul UliUU (JOl lull
t 250 Pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Q X Ql Cfi nQr n Q J r
'I in neat, real lace designs Ul OliwU jJul 1011
" Special line of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, good value at S6.CO
I an '. $ . 6 50 .:::::::::::: on sale at S5.00 per Pair
| sfe
IC FRENCH BOBINET, by the yard, in all widths and in the
jr following colors: O:hre, M.istic, Ivory. White.
f . •¦ On Sale at Popular Prices.
t CURTAINS AND DRAPERIES of all kinds made to order,
± style and workmanship guaranteed, at reasonable prices.
? Broken assortment of all kinds of LACE CURTAINS, to close
± at G REAT REDUCTIONS.
I! COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
;; CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StocVtoa Streets, San Fsanoisco.
'.'. UNION SQUARE.BAN JUAN.'Porto Rico, Feb. 2.— A non
pertlsan meeting, .at which 6000 represen
tative planters and merchants and -tax-'
payers generally, from all sections of the
islands, are present, ls in session at the
theater here to protest against the Hol
lander ' revenue' law. Congress ~ will" Be*
asked to • nullify the law, •, ;,
Protest Against the Law.
At4a meeting of the Lincoln Monument
I/ca^uft held Friday night the committee
on entertainment reported that profes
sional talent from the various theaters
had volunteered to participate in the
Lincoln day entertainment. It was re
solved to have the subscription lists sent
to the school superintendents ot the dif
ferent counties ot the State. The league
now has $3000 on hand.
Lincoln Monument League.
The Pattoslen Company a few .weeks
ago organized a great challenge sale. in
furniture and carpets, defying all furni
ture houses to sell as cheap. It was got
up to convince the public that this firm
sells every article cheaper than others,
not as some stated to our patrons that we
do not eell all of our stock cheaper than
they do. No one dared to. take up the
challenge. This proves that we stand
alone in the field aa the low price house
In high grade furniture. This sale has
proved a great success. We therefore will
continue the same until further notice.
Meanwhile people should watch the bar
gains in carpets and furniture. Corner
Sixteenth and Mission. . » %
No Ono Dare to Take Up the Chal-
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Miners 1 Association met last evening
at the UnlonJ^ague Club rooms to take
action on certain bills now before the
Legislature and to hear a report from As
semblyman Ralston as to the bill Detore
the Legislature providing for ah' appro
priation of $150,000 toward the expense of
the work to be carried out by the Cali
fornia Debris Commission of the United
President E. C Voorhlea" occupied the
chair and a large number ot the mem
bers of the executive committee- of the
association was present.
Assemblyman Ralston, In defending his
action as chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee of the Assembly in vot
ing against the $150,000 appropriation, said
that he had done eo In the Interests of the
taxpayers of the State. The State of Cali
fornia had already appropriated $250,000
for the work of building the Impounding
barriers, a like sum having been voted by
rwrpss The Federal engineers who had
fornta^ust'TS' feS^ SS S&
", oxnerimental, and he favored the ex
penditure of a- portion of the $500,000
available before more- money should be
8 Ko?r!ey e Ge n eral Ford stated that the
Government engineers not begin
th« work unless the totaj aum required
waslvallable The. work of building tho
Impounding barriers could only be carried
out as a unit; part of it could not ¦, be
done. The Federal engineers were posi
tive that if the barriers were built hy
draulic mining could be resumed and the
injury to the valleys by tailing would be
averted He argued that If Congress was
willing at the present time to appropriate
1150 000 California should do the same, and
if the Btate Legislature refused to make
tho appropriation the effect would be to
stop the work for an indefinite period.
Senator Davis, Lieutenant Governor
Neff Major McBride, Mr. Halloran and
others also favored the State appropria
tion Mr.Ralston said he would bow
to the wishes expressed and support the
hill A resolution was also passed recom
mending the bill to the Legislature for
PI A S bnrarnending the bill creating the of
fice of State Debris Commissioner was
also indorsed and recommended to the
Legislature. A -general discussion of the
bill elicited the fact '¦ that the incumbent
of the office. John F. Kldder, had drawn
nearly $36,000 in eight years for salary,
secretary's services and for expenses.
The original bill .had provided that the
Commissioner should receive $10 per day
when engaged in hla duties, but that de
spite protests Mr. Kldder had drawn the
per diem for day In the year, al
though, as some of the speakers paid,
"the only work he had done was to draw
his Balary." :The Commissioner under the
new bill will either receive a. nominal sal
ary or hold an honorary office. : • ¦
"•The following: -bills also came up for ac
tion; -but the- • committee decided to leave
them ia the hands of the Legislature for
Legislature to Be Asked for
Further Aid to Impound
Mountain Debris.
MINERS FAVOR
APPROPRIATION
disposal: A bill to regulate the sale of
the products of ..crude oil or petroleum
that are used for illuminating and fuel
purposes; . a bill prescribing the manner
of locating mining claims upon the public
domain and the recording of notices of
location; a bill to provide for the Inspec
tion of illuminating oila manufar-tured.
from petroleum or coal oils.
Commissioner Devlin said that he was in
the possession of information that some
one was traveling through the State so
liciting farmers to send in orders for
prison-made bags at the prison price,
promising to take them off their hands at
an advanced rate. He was anxious to
know if there was not some way of check
ing the fraud.
"What can we or Warden Agulrre do?"
asked Chairman Fitzgerald. "If we re
ceive an order for any number of bags
under 2000, and the order is accompanied
by {he necessary affidavit, we must under
the law furnish them. We cannot send a
man out to ascertain If every order pre
sente'd is bona-fide and that the party giv
ing the order wants the bags for his own
personal use. If he send the affidavit're
quired we cannot go back of it. unless we
know that he is committing 'perjury and
is buying the bags as an agent. This
state of affairs has been going on for
years, and I do not see how we can stop
it." .
Warden Agulrre suggested that the Leg
islature be asked to pass a bill making it
a felony for any one to make false affida
vit in order to jret prison-made bags. The
Commissioners looked favorably upon the
suggestion and will discuss the matter at
the next meeting. .* .-.-
The Commissioners, after a lengthy dis
cussion, decided to fix the price of bags
at $5 64 per hundred for the coming sea
son.
Warden Agulrre announced that he had
received up to the present time 2300 orders
for bass in 2000 lots.
The Commissioners will meet at San
Quentin next Saturday to discuss the re
port and decide if it be advisable to en
gage the experts to endeavor to recon
struct a new set of books from the rec
ords still remaining at the penitentiary. In
the meantime a communication will be
sent to the Governor, asking him to offer
a suitable reward for the arrest of Wal
den.
In connection with the disappearance of
the bookS prior to 1S96. the experts call
attention to the fact that they found
many valuable records cut and mutilated
in the disued furniture factory. While
the books of the "Jute revolvine fund"
were found to be badly kept, nothing was
discovered to lead to the belief that they
had been tampered with by Walden.
While our duty has been to ascertain and
report to you such facts as we could deduce
from the books and from them alone, we de
sire to Btate that all o£ the numerous Etate
ments which have been made In. connection
with the • subject of this investigation, and
which have come to our earp. have received our
most, careful attention. With reference to the
statement made to you by a fprmer superin
tendent of the jute mill that a. shortage existed
to his knowledge in the bag warehouse some
few years asro ot 32,500 bass, or Bixty-nve bales,
we see no reason to doubt thle gentleman's
assertion, although there are absolutely no
particulars of Euch a thing to be found In the
books. What he says is iiorne out by the con
\lcts employed both In the mill and ware
house, except as to the amount of the de
ficiency, which they place at fifty baleB. The
fact that something wrong existed about that
time Is shown by a very peculiar entry made
by Walden In the shipping register on June
4, 1837. recording the receipt from the mill of
11,000 bags on February 3 of the name year,
opposite which he has written a note in red
ink: "Sent out from mill February 3 and not
receipted for. 0. J. W." On February 3 there
ate the traces in the same book of an entry
consisting of a corresponding number of fig
ures in the "receipts" column. which has
been erased, and 1 this bears out the idea that
bags have been shipped «ln times past from the
mill to the warehouse -without any record
whatever being k«?pt of them. In the case In
quesLlon it would appear that the whole quan
tity of bags shown by the warehouse ledger
was discovered not to be on hand in the fall
of 1S%, and "that thereupon Walden instructed
th« convict who via in charge of the baling
department in the jute mill to send fifty bales
cf bags to the warehouse without entering
them in the mill books either a« made , or
shipped, and that he told the warehouse ship
ping clerk to make no entry of thelp. having
been recelred. - Later/ H seems, mare bans
were found to be on hand than the books called
for, and hence the 11,000 bags were entered as
hating been received.
• In order to suppress the fact that bags had
been manufactured and delivered "without en
tries in the mill books, the "manufacturing;
statements" made up at the close of each fis
cal year, and usually at the close of each half
year, would have to be falsified, and this is
a matter to which we have given considerable
care and about which we have had several
consultations with the present mill superin
tendent. For several years Walden was prac
tically in nole charge of the entire Jute, depart
ment. BJid consequently there are no absolutely
independent records whereby the figures of his
statements can be thoroughly checked., but we
have Been two or three of his annual and
nemi-annual statements which are crossly mis
leading.
The report further says:
The report Is a voluminous one and en
ters into the details of the examination
made by the experts of the only availa
ble books at the. jute mill. These books
only go back to 1S90. When the amount
of raw jute on hand was checked off. It
was found that eight bales, valued • at
J105. ¦ were missing. This shortage was
first discovered in the early part of 1SD3
by the shipping clerk in charge of. the
warehouse. He informed the experts that
Walden told him. at that time that he
would adjust the matter in his own books.
When the bales of bags in the warehouse
were counted a shortage of one bale, also
dating back many years, was found. All
shipments were found to be accounted for
ana paid for since 1896, except the fol
lowing:. October 9, 1897, 2U00 imperfect
bags, valued at ?S5; October 18. 1S38, 15,-
OW bags, valued at $727 50; September 25,
1900, 25,000 bags, valued at $1412 50. and Oc
tober 12, 1900, 25,000 bags, valued at $1412 50.
making a- total deiicit of £ft37 50. All thosu
bags were bought by Joseph Levy from
Walden, who pocketed the proceeds. A
scrutiny of the sales of imperfect bags
revealed nothing very extraordinary. The
largest sale in any year was 33.000 bags
in 1836, at a price $137 75 less than would
have been brought by good bags.
The experts who have been working for
several weeks on the books of the San
Quentin Prison jute mill filed their report
lost night with the Board of State Prison
Directors. The report shows that Wal
den, absconding bookkeeper of the mill,
stole bags valued at $3637 50. and that
while the prison books do not afford any
further evidence of his crimes there is
every reason to believe that on another
occasion he stole sixty-five bales of bags
and sold them. The books of the late
Clerk Kills were also examined by the ex
perts and found to be correct.'
Seasons Exist to Warrant Belief That
Absconding Bookkeeper Xs
Guilty of Other Pecu
lations.
It Is a lor.ff tim« since the big yellow
building: en Montgomery street has been
In puch an uproar as it was yesterday.
Every employe of the Southern Pacific,
from the elevator boy to the president,
had a newspaper in his pocket and be
tween bu^y periods the dispatches were
read and reread, discussed, belittled and
speculated upon.
President Hays was as much In the dark
over the transaction as his subordinates
and his frank admission of ignorance of
the deal, except what he had seen In the
papers, would indicate, railroad officials
t-ay, that he was griven no reason to be
lieve that there would be a change In
Prospect of a Big Shake-Up
Among the Southern
Pacific Officials.
OPINION IS
DIVIDED IN
LOCAL OFFICE
property. Of course. 1 cannot say any
thing atmut the price received, other than
il WAS satisfactrrv."
The MaiTand Express pays: The South
ern Pacific rteal represented an outlay of
I3MX&900. .-ill of which wa3 paid in qash,
The operation, however, extended over
iiumiiI weeks. The Huntincton stook was
t;vken ur» End paid for early in January.
While the purchase r>f the, Southern Pa
< ifi" is the prcattfst deal that has so far
Jnoen 'Announced, there is another great
alliance hatcliinp. which will carry the
••coRim unity of interest" one step further.
It can 1>» ftattd on authority that the
Atthlson is to be brought into close har
xnony with the Southern and T'nion Pa
r'.^io in preoiFrly the same way as the
New York Central stud Pennsylvania have
yincd hands, thereby ending for all time
the chances of rat^ disputes between the
two companies. Furthermore, a KTeat
Kouthw-f-tern combination. is being quietly
formed which will take in some or all of
these systems: At<nison. St. Louis and
Ran Francisco. Missouri. Kansas and
Texas: Missouri Pacific and Texas Pacific.
The Atchlson is to oe the main stem of
the second big system and It will have in
fntrar.ee into both Chicago and San Fran
cisco.
Wall street has it that the greater
T'nion Pacific system will have a leaning
toward Yar.derbilt connections and Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt is understood to be the
chief factor behind E. H. Harriman. If
fo the deal marks the consummation of a
preat Yanderbilt svstem from ocean to
»><-e?.n. Predictions have been made for a
jonp time that a mercer of the Union
Pacific and Northwestern 1s not far off.
The World to-morrow will say: Ths
Hunting-ton int erects transferred. It is
raid, are those only of H. E. Huntington.
nephew of C. P. Huritinjrton. and not those
of Mrs. Huntinprton. The latter retains
"her Interests intact, though she Is said
to hav« formed a combination with the
Vanderbilt-Harriman-Schiff syndicate by
the terms of •which she is to participate In
the management of the property.
ing
Isaac Yl. Oatcs. actinp rice provident of
Th^ Southern- Pacific and a brother-in
law of <'. P. Huntinjru.n. said to-day:
"The d~r.l involving the sale of the hold
injrs of the Southern Pacific is closed, but
the stuck has not ret been delivered. The
r.ejrouations covered a period of several
weeks. 1 undfr?=tand that the HuntinK-
.lon-Speyer holdings »?.rry control of the
<ffpirf-d to assure the permanency of tliis
3 i :.ii<ction without which it could not get
to is;i*i Francisco. So iong as there was
no change in the control of the Southern
I'acifii? the position cf the T'nion Pacific
was assured, but If the Southern Padric
t-hould have fallen into unfriendly hands.
•4t might have become necessary for the
Union Pacific to build its own line from
ojrde.n to the Pacific Coast.
While the tsteitmship routes and south
*T!i lines r>f the Southern Pacific Company
1 are of groat value, these did not appeal
riirectly to the Harriman-Kuhn, I>*?b &
Co. party. To assure the permanency of
the relations with the Central Pacific,
however, they had to acquire the entire
syptein. and this is what was d.me.
The deaJ. it is positively asserted from
the best Eourcts. has do further sigTiin
cancc than appears <in the surface, it ib
nrw a erigrantic alliance of the Morgans.
Rockefellers, Hills. Vanderbilts. etc. it
has no bearing upon any harmony °r in
terest between -the Mchlson, Rockefeller
a.nd Gould properties in the Southwest.
" It was negotiated t->loly to benefit the
Vnion Pacific system ana maintain tne
permanency that road's connection
vvith San Francisco over the Central Pa
<inc If anv developments spring out of
the new acquisition with the Southwest
ern rnr,.!« ih.it will l«e a development of
the future and is act contemplated at the
present lime.
It aras 'earned on the best authority to
<!.!>• Xhat the anioi:;it of stock involved in
tli^ purohnse of the Southern Pacific con-
FtiTutes iwo-flftha of the f-ntirr> outstand
ing Efcare capital of over Ji:*i.s32/«^. This
1- ;is near o.u absolute majority as could
r>o secured and constituted the entire
lioldlr.g of the Huntinprton estate and of
The syndicate formed by Speyer & Co.
last April To takf over the holdings of
the Stanford-Crocker estates. This gives
Mr. Harriman and Kuhn. I,oeb & Co.
control of the management, ts there are
tio other large blocks of stocks outstand-
these re:atie::s will be conserved In the
V- •inal dlFpo^itJon of the acquired etocte.
c :>ut nothing can be ascertained of the
methods that are to he pursued In deter
'pir.ir.ff the future of these holdings.
°. from a source well informed; as to the
Transaction ard the rout-on underlying the
' yurohase, it was tusct-rtained that, the
I'nfon Pacific was ohieily concerned from
- Its re'atlnns with tha Central Pacific. It
Central Pacific, and a continuance cf
N'HVr YORK. Feb. 2.— It can be definite
ly sTAtod thax ih*» passage of the control
' of the Sous hern Pacinc to the Harrim&n
.Kuhn. l^eh & Company party carries
• with it no immediate dunga in the man
¦cement of the property, do lease of the
Southern or Central Taoinc by the Lnion
Pacific, no Issuance «f a Union Pacific
collateral trust note to take up the stock
and no readjustment of the Southern or
. I'nion PxctHc securities. The transaction.
In fact, is the closest approach that has
yet bof n seen to the "harmony of Interest
o and community of ownership idea."
" The deal wa? consummated for the pur
pose or a«=uriT!S tb« immanency of the
relations between the Union Pacific and
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2.— The Secretary
of State and the British Government have
reached a conclusion that a new commis-*
elon must be sent to establish definitely
the boundary between the United States
and British Columbia. * The disputed line
is that separating Washington and Brit
ish Columbia. . ,
New. Boundary Commission.
RHIN'ELANDER, Wls., : Feb. 2.— An
cast-bound passenger train on the Soo
road was" -wrecked early to-day at La
fonta. forty miles west of here, by a
broken rail. Four coaches left the rails
and rolled over on their Bides. Blx pas
sengers were Injured, two seriously. All
but two were able to proceed on their
Journey. "
ger Coaches.
Derailment of Four Passen-
Broken Rail on the Soo Line Causes
SIX PASSENGERS HURT ., « >-
IU A TRAIN WRECK
The session "occupied sixty days, with
two or three meetings each day during
the post three weeks. Some thirty-eight
bills and resolutions were enacted, among
them one providing for trial by Jury. Im
portant tax laws on property and for. In
ternal taxation, whicn It Is thought will
eupply ample revenues for the next fiscal
year, and other important measures were
enacted. The session i« considered as a
great object lesson in civil government to
the people.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.-Governor Al
len of Porto Rico has reported by cable
to the State Department that the first
legislative session ended last night. Both
branches adjourned harmoniously and
with good feeling and members from the
outside retired to their homes.
Bills Governing Taxa
tion.
Provides forTrial by Jury and Passes
PORTO RICO LEGISLATURE
ENACTS WISE LAWS
HONOLULU, Jan. 5— Papa Ita, the Ta
hltan firewalker, continues to give public
exhibitions of his powers and he has
managed to Ftir up a big row. The old
man from Tahiti has had the attention of
the public now for somo- days, while ho ia
alternately exposed as a fake and de
clared to be a wonder among magicians,
lta's act consists of walking with bare
feet over lava etones under which fires
have been burning many hours. He has
deeply impressed many native Hawaiians
with the idea that he is a mighty kahuna
or magician and there is no further need
for him to work while In Hawaii. At tha
last performance Corporal Murray of the
Sixth Artillery, ttationed In Honolulu,
took off his shoes and repeated the per
formance of the Tahitan in his stocking
feet. His action led to a row and a fight
with the manager, which the police
stopped.
Copied by a Soldier Leads
to a Bow.
Marvelous Exhibition of a Tahitan
WALKS WITH BARE FEET
OVER RED-HOT STOXES
President Charles M. Hays and General
Manager Julius Kruttschnltt of the
Southern Pacific left yesterday on a tour
of inspection of the Western division of
the Pacific Coast svstem. The president
will probably go as far as Ogden. Sac
ramento will be visted en route and the
car shops and property in general of the
Southern Pacific will be Inspected.
After completing this trip President
Hays will go to Los Angeles, where he
has promised to meet the Jobbers' Asso
ciation which has a enevance In the al
leged San Joaquin Valley freight discrimi
nation in favor of San Francisco. This
question, as Is well known, has been mada
the basis of a suit against the railroad by
the Los Angeles Traffic Association, and
the case is now pending before the State
Railroad Commission.
PRESIDENT
HAYS ON TOUR
OF INSPECTION
There are few, however, who doubt but
Mr. Huntington has disposed of his
interests in the company, despite lhs ret
icence. Bankers 6ays Huntington would
have been very, foolish to have let sucn
an opportunity pass. It is not often
Southern Pacific stock can be disposed of
on such favorable terms. Huntington, it
Is believed. !s anxious to get out of the
company and that he has been anxiously
awaiting the opportunity for some time
there seems to be little doubt. Of course,
the disposal of the Huntington Interests
in the company will mean Mr. Hunting
ton's resignation as vice' president of the
Southern Pacific and he is also expected
to retire from the presidency of the Mar
ket Street Railway Company.
"The Speyers say they ha.re sold the
Ftock controlled by them. They decline
to say to whom the stock has been sold or
for what price. H. E. Huntington de
clines to say anything; so does Charles
H. Tweed. So there you have, the whole
thing In a nutshell.'
Another official, who 1? very conserva
tive and who is a stanch believer of facts,
sums up the wholo thing after this fash
ion: *
Another . railroad official, who did not
care to bo. quoted, upon being- asked what
would be tho probable outcome of the
deal in respect to changes in the present
personnel of the company, said:
*"I think there will be more of a shake
up than has thus far been contemplated.
Why? Well, we will take for example
the man who purchases a controlling in
terest in a big dry goods establishment.
That house may have Rood men at its
head— men who have been with the firm
for years, who understand the business
from A to Z and whose services the
former owner believed were Indispensable.
But is the new proprietor going to be told
who he must employ In order to make his
business profitable? I gruess not. He has
his own Idea* and If he thinks he knows
of a man better able to conduct his affairs
than the fellow whom he finds doing the
work when he take« possession, why you
can rest assured he will make a change
in conformity with his own ideas.
"Now It is Just bo with the new owners
of the Southern Pacific. When the
SpeVers pot control they came pretty near
putting in the man they- wanted, didn't
they? Well, the Harriman, Morgan
Rockfeller syndicate will do the same
thing, now you mark my word. I be
lieve there will be one president for both
the Union Pacific and the Southern Pacific
and that each company. In addition, will
have a general manager. Vice presidents
will be unheard of."
ownership when he accepted the position
or president. Whether he has come here
under a contract for a term of years is a
matter that future events will determine.
In the opinion of Mr. Hays the South
ern Pacific will go ahead very much along
the same lines as if no change in owner
ship had taken place. Its interests In A
traffic sense, he eays, are pretty well de
fined and are not to be disturbed by any
new or revolutionary policy.
Vice President J. C. Stubbs. like Presi
dent Hays, had gleaned all his infor
mation about the deal from the news
papers, having received nothing whatever
in an official way from New York.
"Why should they tell us their busi
ness?" went on Mr. Stubbs. "We axe
out here to look after the operation ana
management of the road. There is ab-
I solutely no reason why we should be con
' suited or communicated with.
"Who do I think are the promoters?
Well, of course, I have my opinions like
everybody else, but as for being able to
answer this question authoritatively, that
I cannot. I am under the impression,
however, that the Vanderbilts are not
concerned. Besides Harriman, the pur-
Chasers are the liockfellers. Morgan and
Kuhn. Loeb & Co. Stop right there and
! I think you have 5 the whole syndicate."
Deolar« Walden's Thefts
More Than Th'ree Thou
sand Dollars.
PRISON EXPERTS
FILE A REPORT
Declared to Be Solely Due to Desire of the
Union Pacific to Insure Continuance
of a Through Line to the Pacific Coast
STOCK DEAL CARRIES NO
IMMEDIATE CHANGE IN
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StJNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lenge.
21
It would se*m at first glance that
catarrh, being a disease of the mucous
membrane. salves, sprays, etc.. being
applied directly to the membranes of the
nose and throat would be the most ra-
tional treatment, but this has been proven
not to be true. . • .¦ "
dies Would Be Best for Cure
of Catarrh.
It Would Appear That Local Reme-
AT FIRST GLANCE
EVERY WOMAN
_^^ is interested and should fctxnv
.^fS^^S^ about the wonderful
4^aS*tP% IIADVEI WHIRLING
#^^\\t\ WAnf CL spray
|>f «JtY\^.'W4 The new Va*iaal Syrln»e.
FMk.^\'vAi5i Mil Injection and Suction.
't^Cw^L. venient. ItCleanm
,;7^8SS^^J*B*J» iwtaauy.
Auk yoor dninlsl lor It. \v [nB*7r-~'7 7^>^~
If h» tinnot iupp»* tlw ! ™0t> m^
"WABVBTL. tctept no .Sa "r£$&Zsr~"
other. b«rt trnd «tamr> for lUu»- , Y* ' M~<Ziv*\/
tr»t-dbook— ¦ealcif. It gives ftill • V\ -f
rmrtlcuUri »n-l <liri-. ti"r>« Invnlvjible ***?¦ #.'¦•'•¦ IM
t^Iad'e- MAnVBIi , iMHH'ltW
503 Mission St.. San Francisco. v^-xu*r
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA-
»or and N«rvine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Owns, for both mx«, ¦
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho Kld-
MVg and Bladder. Boll* on its own merits.
NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent..
823 Market sL, S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
GBAPE-NTJTS.
CailBaaBaBBlBBIBHBBIIBBaOHEIHBBBBa1BQaBBBBIBBIBaBIBHHBBBBBBBaBiaBBB3HDr4BB
¦ ' ' ¦ • ' • • ' ¦
¦ . ¦ ¦ ; ; : ..._._ - ¦
i Mr. Grdy Had Bright's Disease and Doctors Told Hint to Prepare to S
? Meet Death, as He Could Not Live One Week Longer I
| - .¦ ' "'••"• : : - " S
¦ To Prove the Wonderful Merits of McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure, Every I
g Reader May Have a Sample Sent Absolutely Free by Mail **
El j^^^i^^w^ One of the most remarkable cures ever accomplished by n
an 7 *vV?&>K2"i\ the use of. medicine Is the one presented todav, due to the wiljnfc. m
S / S5P^5Im- never-failing result? obtained from McBURNEY'S KIDNKf ¦ft5£? t /£S& 2
S /•¦ t^sig?a§K£,- AND BLAUDEK CURE. In th* early history of rallroad'r.ff 7^^JsCjSl B
¦ / <e&3affiHii& • throughout the states of Illinois and Colprado. there never / B
¦ ' ' / J- _. £g§&$H73jf£g-4.> was a more popular employe than George W. Gray. By hia / §H H
3 %t*'jSS*?i ?? re /. a ? d stirewrt management of the details -of hia office, <QE» # Cja rS m
M * V "*$S^& v^vTsShH) iIr - ( - rra >' became one of the most valued employes of this / 1** $ V^BF ¦
5 7 V" Jv^^Sw^ great corporation, nut Mr. Gray had contracted that deadly C»4 <•! ¥ o
S / • J^WWlGSSsf affliction known as Brfghfs Disease. He had terrible, excru- &J l^U 5
g L«A J^/liy^^*^ eating- pams in the back. hips, and through the shoulders; f** Ti
¦ /fff'^ , \S$NTkffi/l/G&r the urine was of a red. brick-dust color; he feit weak, sluy- -V. ¦ i S
H •<X««(L^^t*'ilvBri%Sr ? lsh and emaciated; had no ambition; hi*d to set up. as Mr. Sr^ S
H jSSm^&^WfMW/^L' trray says hlmse1 '- twenty times in a night to urinate: he "^ ' 71
H /zT&'jl&ffik^Sfflffiz w^ s nerv-cms and could not sleep at night. Doctors wore con- »
m xGvf Wmum>>WTe3kr /r /nH*. suited, but ai; snook th^lr heads, saying there is no hope, and (*« oni doctor In tS
a -JW^mwW%r*' /) Zi^WV Particular said: "Mr. Gray, you will be d«ad in less than one week." And tier- S
¦" '^/^^WR&m&X:-* /^ naps Mr. Gray would have dl«d had ho not known of that wonderful remedy, ¦
¦ • j£ fJSsSf&S^~-S^<II ) W *'\' McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure. In an interview with Mr. Gray h« mada H
B [£*% >(WiLfije*^>^jJ^/ ~//3 4? the followlngr stat»mer.t: "Yes, I have had pV-nty of sufTerlnp. but I can tor.. ¦
n /Lr, vlWiiwI/.y ' JPfflA estly say that McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure has saved my life. Geo. \V\ B
9 Y^Wi^Wr/')4/y"l ' Gray ' 101 ° Truinan str«Qt, E. Los Angeles. Cal.". . g
? Jw 1s[>^ \ / /^ If you have any of Mr. Gray's symptoms, the ffrst thing you should io !<v to B
i •"* V '^J , afford aid to your kidneys by using one bottle of McBurney's Kidney and B'fad- (9
h ' c«r Cure. Not six bottles and continue until cured, not a -wine glass full flr© or I
pg G. W. GRAY Blx times a day, but simply one bottle cures. g
¦ AMI? PflTTT 17 Dro P s y Rheumatism 3
¦ U1N1L EUllliiL TThat I. dropsy? Well. I will tell you. S
! PTT1517C-T ¦ : U ls 8lmply thIs: Dlesased kldnsys S^arSSS^SSffPw^SS i
H I .11 K l\i^ ' •-:.: Produce uric acid. Uric acid destroys the blood because th« kidneys are H
H — * the blonrf Tipstrnrpfl h'n^ It wa'or weakened and do not throw It off ftom ¦
¦ • ¦ tne blood. Destroyed b.ood Is wa.er. the !y ,, em> Restore the kidneys and E
¦ mr nTTn-iTDTKn The water settles In the system and 5°u restore the power that will tforc© ¦
¦ lUl r% D I I Jj IVl I? \f ' W , th ® urlc add from ther body. That ls m
S Iff |^ fj IJ f\ i\ Hi It iJ bloats and fills it up. and your doctor Just what McBurney's Kidney and 5
5 ¦'"'¦' W !*T w - calls it dropsy-and so it U. To cur© Bladder Curs does. It drives the dead- 2
« VTHM17V ~~A '?¦ rou »u.t go backward on »r«- &nVShr?rg£. n tlSf? .SS& l&'ffl ¦
B iVlLllMCiY 3t1fl Planaticn: by curing the cause you cure the forces that make blood. H
¦ ****^*" ¦*^ •*• ****** : the disease. By so doins^you will right v«I» i :.',.*. di— j " * ¦
¦ -- w __ the diseased system and in a short time . YOOr UVtr and BlOOd .. • B
g DT A Mil Lp Jj you are a well person throughout your ONE BOTTLE o? McEurney's Kidney Z
¦ DLAUUCaIX . whole body. This Is easily done If you SoS'SftS^SS-.ft'S^a.fSSS S
S ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦-¦ use the proper remedy, and we hare Purifier, will euro the most stubborn 55
3 /^TTTH7 I ' It— McBurney's Kidney and Bladder case of Liver Trouble. It puts In active =
5 III I K H/'l PiirA nn/1 Itv., R»P-nlntnr anH Rlnn^ natUTal State ail the functions Of that 2"
¦ V U ILJU t • Liver Regulator and Blood, powerful, erjan. Thousands endom It. ¦
» • . - Purifier. Write for. testimonials. 55
2 . AL.L, OF MoBURNEY'P TR E/VIE DI ES F»C>R 'SPIUB B-V - . * B
S OWL DRUG COMPANY, 1128 Market Sheet, and DAKLBENDEB DRUG COMPANY, 214 Kearny Street, S
¦ MND f\T ALL RETAIL, DRUQ STORES. .¦
• REMEMBER, not a wine glass full five orsix times a day, not six bottles for relief and continue until cured, but simply q
¦ T^v.* T\a«/kw%a> Of McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure Once a ¦
¦ 16n UaOpS Day, and One Bottle Cures g
¦ PRICE, Express Prepaid, $1.50. For Sa!e by nil Dragg.'sts a
g,.^-.:- ¦.:¦¦.-..- :.-¦ ¦•¦¦ -V •¦-¦¦• ¦¦¦•-•¦ ¦¦- •¦ , • -¦¦¦¦' - ¦ ' . - . ' ¦".¦¦¦ , ¦ • ¦
S Send for Tree Sample at RIcBU^NEY^gi, 418 s * s P rin § street 1
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HBEBaMBSEHHaHBBHHSBBHBHBHM
AII-Wool Business
SllitS* made to order,
$15.50, $17.50,
S2O.OO . . . . . .
The Best
Suit on Earth,
$25, $30, $35
"Would Cost Elsewhere Twice the Amount.
PERFECT FIT AND BEST WORKMAN-
SHIP GUARANTEED.
JOE POHEIM THE TAILOR
20land2O:i I 1IIO and 1112
, Montgomery St., ' Market Street,
I SAN FRANCISCO.
| 143 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
"From that day to this It haa never
t>een absent from trur table. With us, the
exhaustion and enervation caused by this
climate and the miserable diet have en-
tirely disappeared, and we are all In moat
. «ixceilent health, vigor and eplrlts."
He eays: "An American feels most
Acute! y the need In mind and body of
eorne of the invigorating food he has been
raised on in the States. Several montha
epo when I was particularly feeling the
n*>«-<i of fom« charge in food. I noticed
C?rar**-Nuts in the- window of one of the
largo grocery stores here, and remember-
ing how. in the States, some little nieces
ts.n0 nephews had crown fat and healthy
on H. almost exclusively. I bought two
packages to see If It succeeded as well
with grownup people.
A eor.tlcman from, the City of Mexico,
Paul T. Gadsden, writes that himself and
some other members of his family couli
not live comfortably on the' ordinary food
in Mexico, and after using tho native food
for some months, finally cot into a run
down and exhausted condition.
Native Food.
American Food, Grape-Nuts, Replaces
FOOD IN MEXICO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The mucous membrane is made and ve^
paired from the blood and catarrh is a
blood disease and any remedy to make a
permanent cure must act on the blood,
and when- the blood is purified from ca-
tarrhal poison, the secretions from tne
mucous membrane ¦will become natural
and healthy.
In this climate thousands of people seem
scarcely ever free from some form of
catarrh; it gets better at times, but each
winter becomes gradually deeper seated
and after a time the sufferer resigns him-
self to it as a necessary evil.
Catarrh cures are almost as numerous-
as catarrh. sufferers, but are nearly all so
inconvenient and ineffective as to render
their use a nuisance nearly as annoyinjr
as catarrh itself; any one who has used
douches, sprays and powders will bear
witness to their inconvenience and failure
to really cure. ¦
There are a number of excellent Internal
remedies for catarrh,- but probably the
best and certainly the safest is a new
remedy, composed of eucalyptol. hydras-
tls. sangulnaria and other valuable ca-
tarrh specifics. -••: «j;A '.;*
This remedy Ia In tablet form, pleasant
to the taste and sold by druggists under
the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, an1
any one suffering from catarrh may use
the=e tablets with absolute assurance that
they contain no cocaine, opiate nor any
poisonous mineral whatever.
A leading druggist in Albany, epeaklng
of catarrh cures, says: "I have sold va-
rious catarrh cures for years, but have
never sold any which gave such general
satisfaction as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
They contain in a pleasant, concentrated
form all the best and latest catarrh reme-
dies and catarrh sufferers who have used
douches, sprays and salves have been
astonished at the quick relief and perma-
nent results obtained after a week's usa
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets." AH drug-
gists sell full sized packages for. 50 cents.
(|fi|Nft where to get the best \ \w\
IllBJI for the least? ANSWER- SlST 1
J0E " ROSENBERGS W )
isji I A Clearing Occasion Get Your Corset Here and \U I
%5§§§|JV|! j \ Oot of the Ordinary Profit by the Advice of I §
QPJ1 \ in Onr Handkerchief Cur Expert Corset Fitters |
MMIISl k ¦ De P ar(ment - I
HIM 1. cSfl^»J2A?SJfgS: |1|™^S 1
A Yi//a£m^Bgk:\ \ Mk lln «' n - Hemstitched, hand- ">e Majesty makers rank } f*T%S$ M 3
]fi gl8MinF^TTllW^i mini initialed, unlaundered: the flrs ' " n "st of corset ' l»> ss.?H|flW//J/| H
llflH^ffiSKI wa >' lh «V come from tho m^? rS - A E^V^ orset l3 * * SsSlftL™'" 1 " H
Hk -WSa^OBSDalr I /MeS^m&M 1 "' ALSO. T.ADIKS- HAND- turned out a $1.50 corset that surpasses anything S
B /gJaaWMHJT ' JGHOOwr^ KERCHIEFS, made of very yet made at that nriee. It is th* i'rincesd. and S
mW^BSTyZr' **£E&^ ??*,, ' lelfast llnen « ht * m - is madeot very hest fast black Italian cloth, brmed E
n ygz3sBr<^S^' "*~ Btkchea. An extraordinary with 'best tempered ste*'l. rust-proof front 3tppl3 W
ra chance for bargain seekers.. Stating their worth to be $2.50 is a modest claim' Si
M - lOir Our price S1.5O9
f A Rare Opportunity to Purchase Phenomenal Frice-Mahing to Retfuce our Where Can You Equal These foil
1 Underskirts. Leather GoO!ls * M Before lnventor /' ; Quality and Price? 1
8 #w oi 2 r d S? en tAmESi ' t AT>ir'** 1 ru?'££1iZS n ™' a A« it g££> iooo sample corsets, ffl
fif fit SKIRTS, made of LADIES CHATELAINE, made of vJoV r^ j t cornDrIses w B ¦
» V¥i very best fast black P° f^ 8eal P res | leather, riveted frame, fefej Cyclist R?& 6 and the 1
M tf L mercerized Italian leather covered hook, lined fancy out- y / w } or d '• r en o wr % n E-ect H
S3 > /Tf^W cloth; graduated ac- e Pocket. .Our final reduction A\, Form coS They are !2 1 S
B VCVf,\ cordeon pleated P"ce *>S»e made of the beat imported f8
S '<€rt»\m flounce, extra dust ALSO CHILD'S CHATELAINE, //fexsVa sateen, double side steels. W
B -*7^, MXA \ l]L ruffle, flounce rin- mario of best Patent Leather, sueda ( (AV..y/<, rust-proof front steels, lace »
S if&^tyBLwkBA with ruche of lined, riveted steel frame, identically V\<*;;>7 •' ' top and bottom. They ar>» f\
ftS S&lJE&kJSSBE&Sp extra heavy taffeta the. paine as stores around us are offer- /5^T>J \ r.H made in the newest §3
KM nfei' * t tSS^t 9" silk. A good time to trip for COc as wonderful bargains. Our * > French phap** •"olora VS
ay --w buy— a very eood price ..:... .25«s black, white, pink and blue. W
m time when an article like this Bells *„„„„„,.,,„„,„ 4n l^ ika *L;j Kan ' o There 1% nojt one among them that W
» for 7)12.75 *" oppdrtumty to keep the children s is worth lesg than , 200i B lf not more . H
/« Sale at O'Farrell-st. entrance. log* and feet warm and guard against They will not last Inn* at this price: Jv
gar ' ' • coughs and colds. '. including 5 yard long real mohair lace «^
S Not One of the Best, but the Best rfk leggins at 1^ |
iiswSliiy 3 -' 16 '' i'Vl c"l A dren^Ss STORE NEWS. f
» S 51^" '% Ah made of be3t all-wool Jer- . Some of the Greatest Bargains
H LADIES' GLOVES, made of 'very \\4P • sey. with good strong but- of a Great Bargain Counter. S
S c£ It s!!Stafk\ir2a f r o i: J\iV S" hofes fulMe^fh. Kl TOOTHBRUSH. «ood brftlea O, f
I ors^Kosen^er^ric^l.f^.^i.^ ¦ J^
§ If You Havs a Neckwaar Want to Fill, nnp Itpm From Our 8
WJH Cll f* ft ill ii u* I UIIC IIClll I I U 111 UUI of* pl^c* 1 * *i
Jk rill II K8ra, as VY6 H3Ve HeCKWPar i O 4; oc .' llnrlaruiaar nonarimont stockinet dress shields...tc I
B tl\ Fill F»arii Want Uora le Onn LafllSS UnuBlWBai UeiMllnieni. CROCHET SILK, large spools 3c f
n iu nn tiiiy ndiii, nere is une IiAD i E s' gowns, made of best sort , ... „ • c '
% That Can't Be Beat. * Dressmakers, Attention! i
gg LADIES' neck ruche, ma<Je of best -with wide embroidery insertion and "We have an offering her© that will |
Mr fast black liberty silk, good full box tied at, the neck with satin ribbon, open your eyea. £
M Dleatetl ruche with full pleated ends, sleeves "tucked and finished with rufflo G-ENUINB HAIRCLOTH, 1? Inches |
m The small store's price...... S1.U3 of embroidery, all sizes, extra lone: wide 19<* yaxd 5
Kf ¦ ii • • ' as they are priced nowhere else... J>S« . %i
1 All UnSlirpaSSed Item, You have never seen its equal WOPth Reading. \,
B f\ LADIES' ROBES or in quality or price. AN EMBROIDERY RALE OF UN'. S
Jv 3&C WRAPPERS, made of best LADIES* GOWNS, made of best SURPASSED ECONOMY AND EX- «
M f^Wv duality wool efdprdown quality Daisy Cloth flannelette, double TRAORDINARY MAGNTTl'DE. <a
R 'ttW& mted back loo eCni' >' oke back and . f , ro^ t '« a f lf l, trll ? m TA l This lot of EMBROIDERIES is |
% WW wmV R «nnr VnnoT u fu with «eather-sUtched finishing braid. siraif r M from Bt OalL Tnpy are the f
M * wo sailor collar, all <ull all sizes, extra long, in blue only. Spe- prOiiuct of han(1 run shuttles. Th- f
CF '"if^-'W 'ength and extra wide. Col- cially priced * »»<? materials are mainly cambric and A
B yj-"''^ orB re<1 ' b l ue . pink and . r-- r i... Cnlmtinn nt I ina Pnllir *nti nainsook, made of the finest staple. 3
% Ah' lA gray * At P rlces far below A PeerlcSS SeieCtlOn Ot LaCe LOliar anQ They come in 4H t» CM yard strips: Eg
BW";'!\ tha cost of materials.. Dnuorp fir hrfrofc tft Ra Qnlrl at 2% inches wide 4o yard H
B w s— LJ-* .S-.73 neVBlS lOl JaCKBIS 10 DS oOlu 01 4 Inches wide. GHc yard '1
$£ . Prince Dofrarn'occ nt Va'na 9 inches wide , "1 r»«» yard }»
I Tfe Is a Good Time to Bay Chiltfren s Pr '«^ .««»"¦« *™ »• AN EX . '^hyB&OfflSaRBBa I
H UnderWaar and KOSlSry — Fust, Be* AMPLE OF LOW reduced irrespective of former prlc-?. ||
S «>n«« *t 4K/» UlA«*l»tri O...U o« *t*''V SELLING. 63c lace now *^flc B
if cause of tne weatner; second, Be- %?? collar and rev. 5«c uce now 2.-»c m
'~m -P1IKP Of PnnrmniU Sarriftro Of Prira £%?&& ERS. made of very 2oc lace now 15c3
M . .GlUSe Ul.CnOIfflUUj oaCIiUCe Of rilCS. /S^&H finest patterns. Point ,,„ , W
JB ¦ CHILDREN'S ALL-WOOL COM- /v^s£v\ \ Venise not. well VVnPrP PPfl Vflli Ff1U3 ThflPOVslllQQ? d
flf BINATION SUIT, made of very beot finished; just tho B^USIB Ldl! ]fUU Cqjdi I MciuB Vt!IU^b I A
mL Australian wool, steam shrunk and . thing to embellish a LADIES* VESTS. m.ide of very best S§
rnedicated. high neck'and long sleeves, . ' ./i^\ ' hajf-worn jacket and siik and wool. Swiss ribbed, hisrh neck, fir
JB neck finished with crocheted edge of make it look like new. long sleeves, neck crocheted ami S
SB silk and drawn through with silk rib- V. 'A chance purchase — drawn through with silk ribbon. lire- f»
B bon. Insignificantly priced 98c 7.1c sistibly priced Sl.IJS W
ifmg \ W\$ LJ 11.-^ 9 E 91 KM rfr^u B"4k^ V% iu #JffcJ B >A V Uj'J*K"L fer'4 tS^CL kM -^_,i *Vw
f SAPSTTPIN3. ?fffi 816 Market Street, ag& k 0W s5.50. f
I RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRELL. »>wn w«wi y>•' Incandescent light .wiring a specialty. - Elec
trical Engineering Co., 609-511 Howard »t, •
Trouble.
Dismissal of a Popular Teacher Causes
BAN JOSE, Feb. 2.— There Is a bijr row
In the Milllken school district,' Just west
SCHOOL DISTBJCT BOW.
Captain TVlttnian and a squad of police
men' raided, eight' Chinese . lottery Joints
late • yesterday afternoon and arrested
eleven white men and eight Chinese gam
blers. At the City -Prison- they were
charged with visiting and maintaining lot
tery • games. They were at once released
on cash bail. .
During the last few days Chief of Po
lice >Sullivan learned that the Chinese
gamblers -were • allowing whites- to visit
their jolnts,-and he ordered Captain Witt
man to- raid them. Accompanied' by a
formidable squad, Wlttman marched. into
Chinatown and .attacked the games.*' The
first place raided was at 703 Paclnc street
Four players were arrested. Including two
whites. A' few minutes later the lottery
games at 635 and 637 Pacific • street were
also broken into and a. number of players
captured.' At 1107 Dupont street four play
ers were arrested together with the keep
er. Other games at 731 and 633 Pacific
street, 1023 Dupont street and 741 Jack
son street were-. alao raided.- but as the
evidence had been disposed of by the Chi
nese . keeper . before the police entered no
arrests were made.
•¦ It is probable that ; more raids will be
made to-day.'VBBBB(MS|9BE<HMSX£M
Custody.
Eleven WTiite Men and Eight Chinese
Gamblers Are Taken Into
POLICE RAID NUMBER
, OF LOTTEHY "JOINTS"
Arrangements — P. Iverson. L. Stage, L. Iver-
Bon, V. KonI?. S. Jensen, A. Rnsmussen. Re
ccptlon—James Madison, J. Peterson. N. C.
Nelson, M. Holm, C. V. Hansen. J. C Chris
tiansen. Floor— K. Jensen. H. Brett, I*. Gortz,
S. Sorensen and A. Johnson.
A Jolly crowd of maskers filled Saratoga
Hall last night, the occasion being the
srand ball given by branches Nos. 2 and
3 of the Dania Society. The ball was in
charge of C. Iverson, assisted by P. Peter
sen. The following committees ably sec
onded the efforts of the floor manager:
Dania Society Masquerade.
Army orders — The following acting as-
Blstantv surgeons will proceed from the
points named to San 1 rancisco for duty
with troops en' route to the Philippines:
Polk D. Brown. Hartsville, Tenn:: Henry
M. -Hall. Cedartown. Ga.; Melville A.
Hayes, Washington, D C; Edgar W. Mil
ler, Chicago. 111.; Frank W. Pea.se. Wah
peton, N.- D.:, Julius M. Purnell, Paris,
Ky. ; Anton R. Shier. Oconomowoc. AVIa.
Senator Perkins' bill providing a light
and fog station at Point Dume.Cal., to
cost $63,000. passed tho Senate to-day.
Washington— Original— Norman Bennett,
Alpha. $8. : Increase— John O'Brien, Col
vllle. $S. War with Spain—Original—Hen
ry* K. Harrison, Spokane.' $8.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— James B. Marvin, San Francis
co. $6; Richard Conily, Stockton. $12:
Francis H. Campbell, lieckwlth, $6. Sup
plemental—William S. Albee, . McCIoud,
$6. •¦ Increase — Jesse Hlggs, " Colton, $10.
Original widows— Minor of James C. Brad
er/Centerville, $19; Sarah Kennedy, San
Francisco, $9. ¦ • : , .
Oregon — War with Spain: Original —
Charles A. Marcy, Portland,' $12.
Postoffl'ce discontinued, February 14:
Oregon— Mule, Harney County, mail to
Smith.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon—An
na E. Degroot, Camas Valley.
Appointed: Washington— John T.' Mor
row, Lake, Asotin County vice Rachel A.
Shirley, resigned; George K. Page, Larch
mont, Pierce Countv, vice Robert B.
Pierce Sr., resigned. '
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.-Postofflce es
tablished: Washington— McCain, King
County, Isaac G. McCain, Postmaster.
sued and Army Orders.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Pensions Is-
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2.— The floral fete in
honor of President McKinley's ¦ visit to
California will extend over a, period of
three days. This has been decided by the
executive committee. The date has not
yet been fixed, owing to the time, of the
President's trip to California not being
definitely known, but it probably will be
the middle of May.
The general committee Is receiving the
greatest encouragement and . the entire
population of the county Is uniting to
make the carnival of roses a great suc
cess.
AH of the exercises and events will be
held in St. James and City; Hall parks,
right in the heart of the city and easy of
access. ..
The middle day of the carniTal will be
set apart for President McKinley's recep-'
tlon. A great floral parade will be held
with a reception, -banquet and ball.
Two thousand pounds of sweet'pea seeds
have been planted . for decorative pur
poses, and it is estimated nearly one hun
dred magnl ficent floral floats ¦ will ¦ - be In
the procession." - , . ,.• . . . • >¦
President McKinley was to-day pre
sented by Congressman Loud with ' a
bautlfully, engrossed Invitation to attend
the carnival of roses.' ,- .-..»•
Preparations for San Jose's Floral
Greeting Go Forward
Apace. t*V 1 ;
THREE DAYS FETE TN ¦
HONOE 0E McKDJIiET
TACOMA, Feb. 2.— Two. "bad. men" rode
Into Davenport on Thursday night, and,
after filling up on whisky, proceeded to
make things lively by galloping their
horses up and down the streets and shoot-
Ing Into most of the business houses. For
tunately no one was wounded. Officer
O'Farrell was out of town at the time,
which gave tho desperadoes full sway.
On his return, upon learning of the
trouble, O'Farrell started In pursuit of
the criminals. About eight miles north
of town, near Larene, they were over
taken, .both heavily armed. After five
shots had been exchanged one of the men,
who gave his name as John Weston, was
captured and is 'now in Jail.
No one was struck by the .bullets, but
a couple from the weapons of the two men
came uncomfortably near the officer. The
other man, who, It is believed, is William
Gibbens, a' desperate character, upon
whose head there is a large reward, made
his escape, but Is hotly pursued by the of
ficers. Gibbons Is the man who two years
ago, while evading the law for stealing
cattle, stood off the Sheriff's deputies at
Harrington and made his escape. He has
served time In the penitentiary and Is
known to be a desperate man. His confed
erate, who is in jail, said to-day that Qlb
bens would never be taken alive.
TWO DESPERADOES ...
. "SHOOT UP" A TOWN
Intrepid Officer . Pursues Them and
After a Fight Makes One a
Prisoner.
The dance has been long looked forward
to by society and fully came up to all that
was expected. A daihty supper was served
at individual tables charmingly decorated
with violets and daffodils. The patron
esses of the affair were: Mrs. F. L. Cas
tle, Mrs. P. M. Aronson, Mrs. M. Brown,
Mrs. Abe Brown. Mrs. William Frank,
Mrs. S. Feuchtwanger, Mrs. William
Gerstle. Mr3. William Greenebaum. Mrs.
I. W. Hellman. Mrs. "W. Haas, Mrs. J. Hy
man, Mrs. Herman Heyneman. Mrs. I. >V .
Hellman' Jr., Mrs. L. Kauffman. Mrs. J. B.
Levison, Mrs. M. Levy, Mrs. Sophie Lillen
thal, Mrs. H. Llpman. Airs. J. Naphtaly.
Mrs. J. Neustadter. Mrs. J. Relss. Mrs. J.
Rosenstirn and Mrs. M. Slegel.
The charity ball given In aid of the'
Mount ZIon Hospital in the maple room
of the Palace Hotel last night was one of
the swellest affairs of the season. A
splendid appearance was presented by the
many beautiful women and their escorts,
who crowded the rooms, but not uncom
fortably. /~.v
Swellest Affair of Season
Given in Hospital's Aid
at Palace.
MOUNT ZION'S
CHARITY BALL
Many Beautiful Floral Offerings Seat
by the Friends of His
Pioneer Days.
The funeral of the late Caotaln Gerard
Debney was held yesterday afternoon at
I o'clock under the auspices of the Mas
ter Marir.ors and California Harbor No.
15. A. A. cf M. and P. of S. V.. from the
Tanjily residence, 913 McAllister street.
Tho room in which the remains 'of the
S^ccased rested was filled with a number
of beautiful floral offerings, many of
which had been sent by rloneer marin
ers who had formertv served under him.
Rev. Mr. Lyons of ihe Episcopal Church
conducted the services over the remains
at th*; house and no services were heid
»t the grave. The pallbearers were: Cap
tains E. Alexander, Thomas \.allaco and
ZTJITERAT. OF THE LATE
CAPTALN" GEEARD DEBNEY
This beautiful and popular,, as well as
healthful resort, haa changed hands.
Under the new management th« culinary
department will receive special attention.
The house will be open for the entire year
from March L For further Information
telephone, or address Me View, Ross Val
ley. Telephone Blue 13, San Rafael Ex
change. •
Hotel Mount View.
E. Cousins of California Harbor No.
15; Even Everson and Oliver Chrlstlanson
of the Master Mariners, and J, D. Pharo.
The Interment was in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
Inclosed in zinc boxes, the corpses were
loaded Into a boxcar for shipment .to San
Francisco. Scraps of red paper, minia
ture Josses, burning punk and attendant
ceremonials incident to a Chinese funeral
were added and the cargo started for the
Flowery Kingdom, in the soil of which
all Chinese expect their bones to rest. At
San Francisco the bones will be trans
ferred to the steamer which will convey
them to China.
A few days ago an apent of the Six
Companies called upon President .Cald
well of the Board of Health and put up
J15Q for the redemption of the bodies. He
was given the necessary' certificates and
preparations for shipment of the bodies
began.
About a year ago the Chinese Six Com
panies began collecting the bones of dead
Chinese all over the coast for shipment
to China, according to the contract made
when the Chinese were brought to Cali
fornia. At Oak Hill Cemetery 147 bodies
were exhumed. After the work was com
pleted the Board of Health demanded the
fee of $150 each. The' Six Companies ob
jected to the charge, and the remains
were stored in a vault, where they have
since been held. The colony of Chinese
here has been greatly agitated over tho
affair. Rich friends of the deceased have
from time to time redeemed bodies and
the number of dead dwindled to 100.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 2.-One hundred Chi
nese corpses made up the grewsome
cargo of a car in a Southern Pacific train
this morning, and a large number of local
Chinese were at the depot to see them
start on their long Journey to China. For
more than a year these bodies have been
held in pawn by the City Board of Health
in lieu of a fee of $1 50 each that is
charged for the dislnterment of bodies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern Pacific Car Bears
GrewsGma Freight -Out :
I of San Jose.
CARGO OF DEAD
CHINESE ABOARD
He Is absolutely, frank in . supporting
this so-called New York- plan, which
means that he wishes to give to gamblers
the privilege of securing victims as long
as they are not caught. In this letter
Mayor Phelan asks the clergymen of San
Francipco to indorse his' policy and with
him and the police officials of this city
wink at what the statute books denomi
nate a crime.- He professes to be deeply
concerned for ' the welfare . of ! those Ban
Franciscans who leave the city to injure
themselves and he asks the clergymen of
In this letter Mayor Phelan abandons
many of the opinions which- he held un
til his alleged mass meeting was called.
In a burst of confidence he concedes that
gambling is an evil, yet almost in the
next sentence he urges that a system of
surreptitious gambling be indorsed by the
people of San Francisco. He says ihat
he favors races In this city under the
New York plan, which means that he In
dorses a scheme by which gamblers may
ply their trade at Ingleside under the
winking eyes of the police.
Mayor, Phelan has addressed to the
clergymen of this city, one of .the most
remarkable epistles which ever was writ
ten by a public officer of San Francisco.
The letter. In which Mayor Phelan adds
.a new Inconsistency to the many which
characterize his position on race horse
gambling, has been Bent to a clergyman
who could not attend the recent mass
meeting: called by the Mayor to elicit
what he was pleased to call enlightened
public opinion on the racetrack evil, but
who wrote a letter emphatically condemn
ing racetrack gambling in this city. In
sending his letter Mayor Phelan accepted
the privilege of mailing a copy, to'whom
soever he pleased. ' <
Mills' father is one of the best known
citizens of Tacoma. Two weeks ago he
ended his second term as County Sheriff
and took up railroad contracting. He
made a vigorous effort to-day to keep his
eon out of jail and in all probability will
reimburse the city as soon as the amount
of the shortage is known.
The city, is fully protected by Mills'
bonds for $1000, given by a surety com
pany, and the bond of City Treasurer
Cole.
Mills had purchased diamonds for the
Davis woman and Is believed to have
spent on her a large part of the stolen
money. He wore numerous diamonds
himself and recently had been In tho
habit of spending considerable time In
saloons and gambling resorts. He was
frequently seen in the gilded halls of
Opera alley. These evidences of fast liv
ing were totally unknown to his employ
ers at the City Hall.
Comptroller Lister found some sus
picious entries yesterday afternoon and
began his - Investigation as soon as i Mills
had finished for the day. It required
some effort last night to locate young
Mills,. whose, arrangements for leaving
town had apparently been privately made.
At an early hour this morning ho was
found on board the steamship Victoria,
which sailed for China at daybreak. Ac
companying ¦ him was Naomi Davis, a
young vwoman. They- had purchased
tickets for Shanghai. They were lodged
in Jail. .
TACOMA, Feb. 2.-Norman Mills, aged
21 .years, was arrested this morning,
charged with the embezzlement of an un
known sum, believed to reach at least
$3000, from the City Treasurer's office.
He has been employed there .for nine
months past. - City Comptroller Lister
has found a shortage of $1000 in his ac
counts for last month. The records of
tne previous month are now being ex
perted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tacoma Officers Capture a
Youth. Who Is Floe
ing to China.
TAKE EMBEZZLER
FROM STEAMSHIP
I would like .these facts to be brought to tha
attention of each clergyman In the city, be
cause they were net all present at the meeting
recently held, and I may possibly send copies
of this 'communication to them. But I desire
the clergymen to understand that I have to
deal with questions of this kind In a practical
way to accomplish results and I am satisfied
by the end of the year we will have accom
plished results— perhaps not as full and sat
isfactory as either you or I would desire, but
still representing progress, which some one
else may carry-, to greater lengths when the
work once has been fairly - begun. Yours re
spectfully, JAMES D.. PHELAN, Mayor.
l-I"M-I"I"|-M--I"M..I..l..l..I..l..I..I..:..H..H-fr#
You say that the lotteries .and rambling- In
Chinatown are belnr patronized by whites. I
¦would like to have some evidence of this. The
police report to me that such is not a fact and
I intend to make a personal investigation. The
reason why poker playing Is not suppressed at
the Cafe Royal is because there is no power
in the city government to do so. Poker Is not
an illegal game and they can play It In the
windows of stores without molestation, which
may be an unfortunate condition of affairs.
The Police Commission may, however, refuse
a license to the Cafe Royal, as they have to
the. Midway Plaisance, but this is merely a
license to sell liquor and diminishes the profits
of the business as a penalty, if you please, for
maintaining a disorderly house.
Francisco Instead of the year round as now. If
the Supervisors refused then to give the privi
lege of thirty days to Ingleslde there would
be only sixty days' racing-that is, thirty at
Oakland and thirty at Ban Mateo. If the San
Mateo authorities refused a permit the Oak
land track could then be open for only thirty
days, which would give the people of this city
practically;, thirty days' racing in Oakland.
All that Is claimed for such a measure as the
Supervisors recommend is that it Is a step in
the right direction and a tcreat Improvement
upon the present condition of the law. .In fact,
there is no State law on the subject at all,
which is the very condition the gamblers want.
I notice to-day, for instance, that the com
mittee of the Legislature refused to recom
mend the passage of the Belshaw law, which
prohibited the selling of pools outside of a
raclns track and this is a proposition upon
which even both 'owners of race tracks and the
public are in accord.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 2.— Judge Torranc*
this morning' granted the application of
Mrs. Delphine Einstein for. a temporary
injunction restraining the Bank of Cali
fornia from selling the Red -Mountain
ranch; •which she claims as her property,
to satisfy* a Judgment for $5200 aginst her
husband, Jacob Einstein of San Fran
cisco. The Injunction holds until the
hearing of the suit of Mrs. Einstein
against the bank, and the Judpe held tbat
if in that suit the bank chose to set up the
claim that the deed was given by Mr. Ein
stein for the purpose of defrauding his
creditors.lt had a perfect right to do so.
Grants Temporary Injunction.
Reception to Pioneers.
WINTERS, Feb. 2— Winters Parlor No.
163, Native Sons of the Goldeii West, ten
dered a reception and banquet to the Pio
neers of tbls place to-night in the Mason-:
lc Hall. -William Goodin was chairman
of the evening, and under his direction a
splendid musical and literary programme
was rendered. Mr. Goodin delivered tne
address of welcome, and during the even
ing Judge William Simms and others
spoke in behalf of the Pioneers. Professor
T. J. Crane, Professor A. B. Anderson
and F. H. Owen delH-ered short addresses..
One of the events of the evening was a
cleverly executed Cakewalk by Mlsss El
sie Duprey and Edna Hoy. Music was
supplied by tho new orchestra, consisting
of Miss Stella Duprey, S. H. Hoy, Frank
Wolfskin and Walter Young. After the
programme the guests sat down to a sup
per such as Native .Sons know how to
prepare. The ¦ remainder of tho evening
was spent In dancing.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Feb. 2.— The value of
the great snow and rain storms which
have fallen .in Northern Arizona- in the
last forty-eight hours must be measured
by millions of dollars. Reports received
here to-day state that big storms In the
San Francisco and White mountains have
not ceased and in many places three and
jfour feet of snow has fallen. The storm
is the heaviest in years and covered all
Northern Arizona and extended to within
twenty-five, miles of Phoenix. The deep
snows will supply ; enough'- water In- this
vaJley, even if no more rain falls for six
months, and will boom thevmlning Indus
try, besides being- of incalculably value to
sheep and cattle raisers. , ¦ . ' ¦¦-'¦'. y
Arizona.
Over the Northern Portion of
Heaviest Storm in Years Extends
SNOWFAXL THATS WORTH
MILLIONS OF D0LLAKS
of Santa Clara, and about half the people
have seceded and will establish a private
school for their children. The trouble
started when the trustees of the district
dismissed Miss LJla Bell, the teacher, -and.
gave her plate to Mrs. Glendennlng, the
wife of an orchardist living in that vi
iMiss Bell was sreatly admired by, the
people of Milllken. A few evenings ago
a meeting of the residents of the district
was held, at. which more than one hun
dred were present, and It was decided to
establish a private, school and install her
as teacher. More than half of the pupils
of the district will' attend this school. The
three trustees are standing by Mrs. Glen
dennlng-. ' " \
By this means It would be possible, provided
the local authorities granted the permission, to
have, ninety days' racing in and about San
My plan is to have the legislature
prohibit bookmaking' and poolsslling
and limit racing, 1 which is the New
York plan. The .-•' Supervisors have
recommended a thirty-day limit in
each county of the State of racing
and bookmaking within the inclosure
of a racing track only.
¦ The people • of : San ¦ Francisco have .three
tracks— Oakland, San Mateo and Ingleslde. As
the owners of the Oakland track control the
town where It? is 'located they 'can run. races
the year round and have been running .for bIx
months. ' Ninety-nine * per cent of the attend
ance; Is -from San- Francisco. /Therefore. ¦ an
Ion* an It exists unlimited racing and betting
exists in -San * Francisco: . •>••"- ;
: There is 'a ereat deal • of misunderstanding
about the questions raised. ,The evils of bet
ting on the race track are conceded.
Executive Department. Mayor's Office,
¦ City of San Francisco. California..
: • January 31, 1901.
Rev. A. C. Bane, 2629 California Street. City
— Dear Sir: I am In receipt of your letter of
January. 29 and rerret you were unable to be
present at the meeting. '¦.¦•¦¦-
San Francisco to sanction his plan to
keep. these erring San Franciscans In this
city, so that professional gamblers, under
the Isew York plan, may fleece them here.
In this letter Mayor Phelan makes the
remarkable assertion that he has no
knowledge of the patronage of Chinese
gambling, and lottery games "by white
men. That such patronage is a fact Is
known probably to everybody else in the
city, but Mayor Phelan declares that he
will endeavor to Inform himself. He also
refers . to the alleged suppression of a
Market-street resort which, has not been
suppressed, t as the records of .the Police
Courts -. prove. ¦ This latest ' contribution
from the Mayor Is, in full, as follows:
Phelan Contributes Another Remarkable Inconsistency to
His Policy on Track Gambling in This City. and Urges
Upon the Clergymen to Wink at a Municipal Crime
MINISTERS RECEIVE AN OPEN
LETTER ADDRESSED TO THEM
BY THE CITY'S EXECUTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
22
OLD STOCK,
NOBODY'S
OLD STYLES.
\ Y/Wtf S on E p -
J'£LEAN ; HUNDRED
• ? ? Brand
K^i New
|I \ Spring
M »m '-'^1 Overcoats,
ij u Irrespective
®mj^\ of Their
!0MBJh Former
¦S|i«m\- ' Value,
• \
ISMAR.
Weokly Call, $1 per Year
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and naunlgla.
Druggists, 60c flask Richards St. Co.. 406 CUy. •
NEW WBSTRRN HOTEL,
KGARNY AND WASIIINOTON STS.— RB-
moJ*l»>l «n>t ranov»ta4. K1XO. WARS A
CO. BurofHHin plnn. lloonia, BOa to tl SO day;
IJ to |< «#rk; t< to $^ tnontlv Free baths; hot
• n.l wm wAur tverr room; fir* erat«» la every
ivom. •t*T«tivr run* all nUht.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WkLL-KNOV/X AND RKLrABLE OLD
I NpecUIUtrvrMn'oiMt r»ii>oM.<ionorrbr»»,r:ie«^
Hrmltinl \Vnknn<. Impotence »nd tbalr
• Html Dtonnior*. llooic an !>»»»¦»»« of Man. fraa.
OTfrSOri'arx'upar'anra.T'Tm^reaiwnahie. Ilotm,
>tnSiUlly;t:a)t(«\W«>T < c\ Sunday*. 10 to 13. Cnnnnl-
tatJou(r«t»nvJ»»crnllycona>l«'ntul Can oraddrasa
P. UOHCOi: UfXn.TY, 31. D.
*eo»; KcarnyMU »an t'rnu<-Uro. Cat,
Broken
Eyeglass
Inm r«rpt*e»d for SO eaatm,
Ant A«t!tmatlo Unae* duplicated tar *1.0O
and $1.30.
Guaranteed correct aad beat Quality.
Oentlsts* pTMcrtpttana flltaL Factory «
premises. Quick rapalrtss. Phoaa. Mala 14.
OPT1CIAN 5^>^--A
642 Market 5t. instruwnts
ur*otR cnnoMicit Bun.CiN6. CATAtCQUC FfttC. *
The remedy has a peculiarly, grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles thut coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A request to. the State Med-
ical Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wavne, Ind., stating that you rirstrc on«
of their free trial packages, will b.< com-
piled with promptly. The Institute' I* <!#.
slrous of reaching that great class of mtn
who are unable to leave home to b«i treat-
ed and the free sample will «nabl« th*m
to see how easy It Is to be cured nf a^ x >
ua.1 weakness wh»n the proper rrtn<>ul*>n
are employed. The Institute uwkt<* no
restrictions. Any man who wrltf» %\\\
be sent* a free sample, ciirofutly »<<a|«»,i
In a plain package, xo that It-, recipient
need have no fear of emttttrrnxaruent or
publicity. Readers ar« rnjuei t^ to writ*
without delay.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for . years against the mental an.l
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form o* sexual weakness
resulting from youthful lolly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation/Of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to All Who Writs.
A Fpee Trial Package Sent by Mall
A Most Remarkabla Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
' v to Men. -" •
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVEKTISEHENTS.
• .• Ismar can be. consulted dally from-. 10
a. xn. to 5 p.m.: at her office," 1148 Market
street, two doors below Welnstock & l*u-
bln's.j; Sundays by appointment only. ...
Ismar receives a great many letters like
these, but.'' of course,' Is not '. always . at
liberty to make them public ; They all
go to show, however," the confidence and
esteem in which she Is held by^ persons
who have consulted her. "
SAX FRANCISCO. January. 6. 1901.,
Dear Madam: Being prompted through curi-
osity, I called fpr a reading with you and was,
Indeed, very much surprised, as I have always
been somewhat skeptical.' Tou told me my past
life better, than I could myself, for I had forgot-
ten several things you mentioned; you described
my family perfectly and told me things 'no one
knew'of besides myself; your diagnosis of ' my
physical condition Is correct, and your advice on
business has been very .valuable to me. " .•'
In view of all. this I do not hesitate to say I
have the utmost confidence j In * your ' ability •. to
foretell' the future. Tou are'certalnly .the most
remarkable person I have ever, met and, cannot
be recommended too highly. - ". I wish; you : the
.success you deserve. Tours very sincerely, .
> V. ; ... JAMES INGRAM. .
P. S.— Tou can --publish this - letter ' if you
wlih to. .
Ismar numbers among her patrons some
of the most prominent people of the city,
and' the things she has correctly predicted
concerning the -future of -some of them
would, If properly connected, form an In-
tensely interesting ¦ story."
. The followlnig letter Is self-explanatory:
If Ismar, the wonderful Egyptian seer-
ess, who has her office at 1148 Market
street.'was at liberty to use the names of
some of the people to whom she' has'
given sittings,- together with . their testi-
monials as to some of the wonderful work
she -has done, .there would be absolutely
no room for any doubt-as to her- ability
to forecast the future, as well as .to tell
of the past as correctly as It could be i told
of by any one In ¦ possession of all the
facts. .
of Her Work Come From . Promi-
/ ; . ne ni and Well-Known
x 6 Jpl9» ¦
BUM, THE GYPSY.
Teslimonials as to tie Wonferfal Charactep
gte, NEW STYLES
\J Straight*- Front
jEjj^v CORSETS.
/ /fr^^J Sapphire, Bon Ton on4
/ /V^r*r*i"i? Royal Worcester*.
V \V\wi\ PBICE3 : $1 00 l» $13.00
rW^i 6 GEARY ST.,
1 1 7\ il CORNER KEARNT.
/W\ (3 CHESTER F. WHGHT,
Ji^ZttiKA Roy»» Worcester Corset-.
r^23-' JI Flttlnr Parlor*.
J
IS, AS USUAL, AN
First, the quality of the goods is
the finest, and they are the
very newest styles of
Suits, Jackets, Silk Waists,
SKirts, Furs, EtCi
MONDAY I offer all the Finest Imported
SHMined Suits and Parisian Waists at
PRICES WHICH WILL ASTONISH YOU.
SALE COMMENCES 9 A. M. TO 5 P. M.
ARMAND CAILLBAU,
114-116 KEARNY ST.
ALLEGE UNDUE INFLUENCE.— Heirs at
law of the late Mahala F. Robinson filed a con-
test yesterday to decedent's will. The con-
testants allege that the Instrument was exe-
cuted while decedent wm under the undu's In-
fluence or Helen E. Hudgtn and Rachael A.
Macdougall.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' fl 3-^^^^ Mo
This week we will have on sale
large importations of New Goods for
Spring 1901. We will show complete
and eiegant lines of the following fabrics:
WASH SILKS.
2C0 pisces extra heavy quality and superior finish Japanesa
Cord3d Wash Silks In all th3 leidfng shades, su:h as CIEL,
ROSE. LAVENDER, NILE, GOBELIN, NATIONAL. JASPER,
CArDIHAL and WHITE.
Price 50c yard
JAPANESE CREPES.
8 cases New Japanese Wash Crepas In checks, plaids,
stripes and plain co'ors. These are In Pinks. Tan3.
Blues. Lavender and Black and White. Are all warranted
fa>t co'ors.
Price 20c and 25c yard
NEW PERCALES.
750 pie:es 36 Inch Printed Percales In dark, madlam and
: light grounds. Thass are In all the new coloring^ such as
Reds, Heliotrops, New Blues, Pinks and Grays.
Price I2ic yard
NEW GINGHAMS.
15 cases NEW GINGHAMS In FANCY PLAIDS. SMALL AND
MEDIUM CHECKS, FANCY STRIPES, also SOLID COLORS.
Very latest styles and colorings.
Price lOc to 25c yard
NEW RIBBONS.
350 pieces NEW NOVELTY RIBBONS In CORDED JLACE
EFFECTS, BROCADES, Pompadours and Fancy Wash
Ribbons.
Price 40c to $1.00 yard
NEW LACES.
We have Just opened a Y9ry large shipment 'bf NEW LACES
In VALENCIENNES, NORMANDY, REAL and IMITATIOH
TORCHON, ORIENTAL and P0 NT VENISE.
Price 5c to $1.00 yard
Please write for samples of above goods at" ones while the assortment;
Is complete.
NOTE. "
Our ssml-annual sals of Ladles' Flna Muslin Underwear *
. will be continued all this week. J
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
// Cash or IJtth-at-a-Timu
II Combination Book Cas« aad 14-
II brary Desk— a regular £3 offerlaffl *
\\ this week for i
// $16.00. ((
jj Made of beautiful rolden oak. J
(( THE J. NOONAN (
/( FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc. /
Jf 1017-1023 MISSION STREET \\
f( '->," Above 6th, Saa Francisco. ( /
// PH0NE-60UTH It r J\Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
Considerable Disappointment Is -Expressed Be
cause of Sloan's Claim of Foul Riding Lodeed With the
Judges Against -Bums — Advance Guard Wins a— Stake
TOD SLOAN ASTRIPE ARTICULATE
IS BEATEN FOR THE SWEEPSTAKES BY
CANMORE, WITH TOMMY BURNS UP
SCENES AND INCIDENTS ATTENDANT ON THE DECIDING OF THE GREATLY TALKED ABOUT FOUR COR
NERED SWEEPSTAKES AT TANFORAN PARK. ADDITIONAL INTEREST WAS ADDED TO THE EVENT
FROM THE FACT THAT TOD SLOAN PILOTED ARTICULATE.
THE CALL'S RACING FROM CHART.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance.
.' The ¦ St. ' Patrick's Mutual Alliance na3
elected the following officers for the cur
rent term : P. > M. Leary and " T. . F. Mc-
Grath.. vice president; F. McCarrlck. sec
ond,vice president: J. H. McGlnney. treas
urer;- M.» J.*. Gorman,- financial, Thomai
F. Alford, recording ,',and . T. E. Gibbons,
corresponding, secretary. The assets of
the- association are '$10,000, without -any
liabilities. During the last term the mem
bership increased 30 per cent. The twen
ty-eighth annual f reunion of the alliance
will be held In Schuetxen Park on July 21.
TA^F^^ANPAKK/SATt^^
1744.: FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; three-year-olds arid up; purse, $100.
j ~ I Ho. I ! ""¦— ; i I, Betting ¦ .,
Index I Horse. Age, Welght.|Pfst|St. %.-.%. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . J Op. . HI. , ¦ Cl. PI.
1C09 Bedeck. 3 105 4 721 22 In In Mounce 10 60 50 12
O7H) I Joe Frer. -3...... .103 2 4 3 h 3 1 3 h I n • T. Sloan.... 6-5 2 13-10 9-20
(K03) jThe Pride. 5......H3 '"3 5 .51 ¦ 41 4J' 3 n N. Turner.. 4 5 5 6-5
(1733) IFavonlUK. 5 115 5 6 6 15 6 13 ' 10 4 2 Henry ...... 9-5 2 9-5. 1-2
1714 iFrank BeJU' 5....H2 . 1 2 11 11. ' ? h - 5 10 , T. Burns..:. 7 15 10 6-2
1U4 ;Gcld Beater, 5.. ..115 S 3~ 41 Bl R10 6 20' Alexander,. 3<X) 1KM) COO 150
1C?S'. |Ulauda.*3....... ...100 7 1. 7-77 -7 Fauntleroy 310 1000 - 6C0 - : 150
Time— >4. :24: Vi. MS; *i. 1:13. i Fair start. Won flrft three driving. Winner, G. B. Morris'
. eh. e. -by Imp. Star Ruby-Bedott. ' Bedeck fairly , bulging c-ut, with speed and ran like a
Kamecock. Skan cxi Joe Frey In a bail position on the far turn, preventing him from.,
making an earlier move. The'Pride knocking.' ,Favonlu» was closing . very fast.- Frank
Bell withcretrunderthe pace. Scratched— GoM Or 115. -'. ,.
-1715.- SECOXP RACE— Steeplechase ; shnrt course; handicap; 4-year-oldg up;.pur33. »500.
-•¦ ¦ . ,..,--•¦-.-- , -. IPs. -:.... ..... ¦- .-...' .... ~--.. ¦¦ ¦ / Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. P*t St." V.'.J. 14 J. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
O71S) Credo. 6;..........157 9 1 '. 2 4 ' 2 20 2 40 1 3, Sutherland. . 3 C 5 2
1716^ 1/<T Chest'fleld; 6.1.10 3 7 '" 1 1"" 1 10 "1 1 ~"2'4 Fvans '.. 4 6 7-2 7-5
1710 ' Pallucas, 5 l"0 7 '9 5 3 20 3 3 1- i:g;p«rscn ... 10 10 5 2
liie Mestor.- a ..135 4 8. 4 13 4 4 4O Wilson... -. .10 15 15 4 ,
1716 IMay Boy. 6. 142 5 6 3 10 Fell WortNpton .10 12 12 A
172$ |The Callforn'n, 4.123! 8 14 Pulled up. ... .... McHugh .... 20 20 20 8
V.en)-\liomo. a... ...1671.02 Fell ... ... |r>. Henry.... 3 3 5 8-5
1717 JKo-nis;, 5.... 130| 6 T> Fell .... ...'... IHuwiton .... 3 9-2 4 8-5 :
HC5 |J O C. a •££££$!. 2 J 3 "Fell. .•..•¦¦•...- ....*, JMcMahon ,.| 10 20 20 -6
.Time— 3:37. Good utart. 'Won easily. * Second and third driving. Winner. ¦ C. K. Durnell's
b.- g. by. Morello- Prize. Credo much th* best - Koenlg fenced well nrd looked a possibil
ity,, when he retired from business. Mestor mlMed , the. traln< thl» .tjme.- tailing to show.^
174». THIRD RACK— Mile and three-quarters; Ecllp'y . Stakes; 4-yenr-olds up; value $2123.
I ¦'- ' ¦•¦• '•¦--¦ IFn.l ¦. ~ ~~ - •.¦-¦• ¦ \, . pitting
Index llloree. Age. Weight. PsUSl. . Btd. f " M. . 6tr., :Fln. - Jockeys. I. Op. . HI. Cl. PI.
17U Adv'ce Guard. 4..1<15! 3 I 3 ,2 5 . 2 4 12, 15 . (O'Connor ... ,1-2 3-5 1-2 — -
(17X7) The -Cobby. 4. ...1071. 2 I 2^1 5 1 2 2« 25 IDomlnlck • .. • 8 .99 7-5
1711 .Greenock. 4 103 4jl 4 0 4 2 4, X 10 . T. - Rums 10, . 12 ,. 12 2
1574 [Bangor. 5........;114l 1 | 4> 3 3 .4 '¦ 4 ¦•4, JT.'"gloan....| : 2 7-2 14-5 3-5
Time— U, ;:W: v 3f; :5C: "mile/ 1:50; IVim. ?rt5; ium.r 2:40: "l^iP.'SiM.'^Oood.iitart. Won pull
intr up. . Second a'nd third "driving. 'Winner. Carrnthern" & Sh'plds'- ch. -h. hv Imp. Great
Tom-Nellie' Van. Advance Guard wore a Fheeninh look. It was. so eary. ¦ Bobby trudged
nlons sam»!v as usual. Banger played the booby act and iu Iked- Scratched— Favonius 109.
Zoroaster K6. ' . ' *• .
1747. FOURTH RACE— One mile; /sweepstakes; three-ycar^o!ds;"pursf\ $1400. ~, .:. ¦
. "~" -I . ¦••, ¦ IPoTl ' ;. . '* .." . : I [r- Betting "
Index IHorse and Weight. |Pfit| St. U- H- *tr. F!n. I Jockeys. | Op." HI. Cl. PI.
ir.67 iCanmcre ........ .1151 4 I 3 15.. 15 , 1 Vi 1? !T.riums...:i 5-2 17-n 16-5 4-6
lf.77 (Articulate ........113 21 2 4 32.21 .2 'i ITV «!of»n.... !>-2 5 4 6-5
1G93 Rolling,' Boer..".. .115 111 2 n _4 S 2 3 2 ? |N. ! Turner...! . !>-$ 9-5 9-5.1-2
(l.'C7) Brutal :....'....:.. Ill 3 j 4_ Z 4 -2n 4 4 .[O'Connor ..j 5-2 5-2 2 3-5
Time-^V«, .:%¥*: *i. . :5t; Vi. 1:15*4; mile. 1:42. ...Good start. .Won Hfltlen out'. Second and third
driving." Winner, W. B. Jennings &'Ca.'s b.c. ,by lrr>p. , MMlothlari-Fannj' • Louise." Ar
'Uculaie .and Boer. came, togetlier at- the >. start' in; ah' amateur bumping affray. There -was
no pace and Canmore stole -away? from the. others at the first turn. Three-Flxteenth from
hom«> Sloan, claimed Burn? on Canmore fowled Ms.'mouit. At the; same; time Articulate:
wan tired and bore-In »« Sloan" be^an matins his last effort. Boer disappointed his stable.
Brutal probably In need of a : rac*. - •". ¦;': -• - •' ' ,f. .: _t, ¦'• . ."• • : .
1 74S t FIFTH R ACE-tSevfn : furlongs; . threo-yr ar-oldn ; purse, : $400.*. -; •'• '>• ." x /,
' "•' 'C • . •' •-. -. ¦::',¦. '-¦ I P<T| • r_ • ~~:.- ': .'. .;.'¦'.-• '. .-'.;•.•:} f^'i; , ¦ • " : ' I, — Betting -"
Index Horse -arid \We'.xlH.|P9tJSt;.. ',4. . Str._. Fin. [.Jockeys.'.: | -Op. ' HI. n. Cl. .' PI.
lC8»;IGrafter ....r.'.V.V.lOSj '2 JU fHV. »5 2 ' 3 1; 1 X . 1T. Burns.'.:: • .< 4 " 11-2 " 11-3 2"
(lr.50)lToah ....,".. ~ .'. 10ft 10, fi 4 IV S^i: 3 2v, 2 »-4 lO'Connoiv... .5 9 ' 9 B-2 >
1729-IBeide .....:... ..'.:il2|-S 4 ; 1 *4 " 2 1 ,.lHf34 (Henry 5 6 6 2
(1730) 'iScally wag .'..V.'.... 109 ¦» 7 1 -2 1 -" 12 4 1 . ; 4 4 '. I.Monnce 8 15 15 <
•J69«' Afla N-... ...:..-..':. 108 . 3 2 8 % ". 4 5 ; . 5 ."! 5 9 , IPtllman . .. . 6 8 ¦ 8. ' 8'
(178U IftoUIck .........r.lfn . 1 | 3 -r 7 h "7 % 6 »i « *4 . I Jenkins '.... 4 . 5 5 8-6.
1669 .'ICoucar, ...........113 -7110 . 8 1 "¦¦¦'l l- ,71; '. 7 1 ; IN,*. Turner.. 13 *,*20 '20 • 8
(17»)i Moonbright ...V..107 \ 6,|'8v.9 K 6 h'. 8 4 ' 8 5- FRuchsnan .: 7-2 * 1S-3 • 13-5" 6-5
17t2-,lDttnily Jim '......1U 11 U \>] .10 l V: 10 3 .'¦• » t r '-'< 9 2'^(DmnlnIck -... 8 ¦ 10 . 8* 5-2
1715 MTony Lapping.. '. '.11? • 8 9 : 11 i '•¦¦ 11"- 4 •- 10 5 ICoburn .'.... '10-18 13' 6
1715' [Slap Paah :..... ..109 ¦ 4 j^i \\j, >,9 y t \ it , ,-Ml ., ISae ..... ..•..] 20 33 . 30 g
. Tlme-r 1 '!.' :J3Vi: V4< t;49::%. 1:27H. ' F8lr:start.lWon«'ridaen i ibut.V-VSec<)nd-and..third driving.
Winner, L..' Blaslngame's.b. g. by Cicero-Leap. Year. -Grafter well, ridden •• and best. V s Toah
¦ - improving, right along. Selde.qult. = Too far for. Scallrwagi at "present..-^ Rollick couldn't set
, vp.j. Moonbrtght In a bad poattlon^'JDandy ' Jim ¦ off poorly: » Soratched— Alxura 107. -¦ .
l?Sr % s1^intA^E^Mlie X a^d^7T^^
. •- ¦¦•* ¦ - i-;,-"^-'- ¦.-.,•...¦. Po.l.-). ;.. i ,-. ¦¦:.. .• ¦ ..•-. ¦¦-,. ' -ij. I - - :-,.-¦; •'*^\\ t ¦ Betting >•¦:
Index Horse? and. Weight. p»t St. ' ¦'%: - M. Btr.:,-- Fin. i .Jockey*.' Op. V;HI.- .Cl. . PI.
ilm? B.;AnderBon; 4..ilO5 1 4.32: 8,1 1 3 ';¦: -J 5". (Henry '...... 5-3. . C-2 .2 7-10 C
1551? Walkenihaw. ?«.".. 110 6 5 : -4 hVl'n": 2 n-M lH ; IO'Connpr' .. 6-5 3-3 .'3-2" • 1-2
1725/ Burdock.'*:..:. '..107 8 6 : B h* 5 5>_*;"4 2'*S 3U Mounce ; :lt.\\ 10 - 25 ; 25
•1713 > Jo« Rlpley. ;a.:..107 . 4 3.. ; 2 2 ,1 1 ",- S 5; 4 2 •"« Coburn :...-. 4 • : 6 8' -2
1713.. Faunette, a':. '....105 sr,2 .7-': :-,7 ;..'. .., 7 .; •.' , < 5 ".' 5 1 ~K Alexander :. 9-2" ".. -8' - ' 8 ,5-8
"J49»: RaInler,'6 : ..-i....M08- 7. 1- ' 1 n .: 2 1H: 6 4 \/« 10'- Jenkins. 1 .... ' 10 20 20 6
¦1735-|Ca«dale, G ":..". ; V. 108 '- '8 j*6 $4 gv-i? '¦**•: Jl Bullroan<;.; ; J 10 ! '¦ 15 : " 15 : ,t .
Time— 70 ' yards> :04% :V%r :^24% ; •¦ H.';" :49 ; '. %. <: 1 :15% ; ! «n^ 1:42%; ¦ lm" 70yds: l:47Vt.' ¦ : Good' start)
. ¦ Won; ••.slly.,' Second 'and 'third ¦ driving. uWlnner, I>."-H. Barn«»' b.m. by George Klnney- ¦
Alraa'H.* Anderson always held her company safe. • Wlakenshaw did his best. ; and - that
. '. Un' t much, p Joe Rlpley gav« j out ' earl jr. * Casdalo « In '• poor i condl tlon.* ~ Scratched— Oil ve 105 *
¦• Mary,; Klnsella- 105,; Lotlger, 107.^ Bmy^M<)pre.lO7,<Whaleback 107."' i *' -.v' ¦• -: ¦ ¦
There Is but little going on at this time
in National Guard circles, as all inter
ested are waiting upon the action of the
Legislature on the/military bill which was
introduced some time ago and which has
been, favorably reported upon by the Com
mittees on Military Affairs. Should the
bill become" a law, then An active interest
will be taken in the several organizations
and strenuous efforts will be made - to
filace the guard on a more solid basts than
t ever has been in its history.
The several companies in the two local
armories are drilling every week and the
men are showing considerable enthusiasm
¦In the duties they have to perform. : The
commanding officers art also active in re
cruiting men far their companies, while
the battalion majors are making arrange
ments for battalion drills.
..The returns of the several companies of
tho. First Infantry ;ehow the following
general average of percentage at the last
held ' muster and Inspection. Company I
being in the lead: • •¦
Field staff and band. 100; Company A, 81.86;
Company B. 83.02; Company C, 88.91; Company
D,- 81.85;. Company E. 83.84; Company F, 83.78;
Company- O,,: 87.96 ; K Company H. • 80.84; Com
pany I, 90.63; Company K, S6.1C; Company il
81.94; Company M. 85.13.
NATIONAL GUARD WAITS.
FOB THE MILITARY BILL
Activity in the Local Armories — Per
centage of the First Infantry
I,: Regiment.
MOBE LITIGATTON OVER
THE SWEENEY ESTATE
Attorney Jarrett Will Pile Other
Suits in Opposition to the" '
-Deeds.
From present indications the legal com
plications over the estate of Thomas U.
Sweeney, who made his name known by
every person who visits Strawberry Hill
by his donation of the observatory on the
top of that mound, are to become still
more complex. Already three suits have
been filed in the Superior Court to Bet
aside the deeds given by Sweeney to his
nephe'w, Charles S. Brundage, shortly be
fore his death. Following these , suits,
Attorney I. E. Jarrett, who filed them,
has in. preparation other suits from the
relatives of Sweeney's : deceased wife,, to
whom several lots were given In a will
made and never revoked by the deceased:
Attorney Jarrett claims to. have law
and facts by which his clients win knock
the bottom out of the gift deeds alleged
to have been made by Sweeney when on
the point of death and at a time when he
was said to-be of unsound- mind. The
other suits will be placed on file Just as
Boori as Attorney Jarrett : collects the
data of which he Is In search. In any
case It ' will be several years before the
heirs - will ' be In a position to- reap, the
benefits of an ¦ unlncumbered estate free
from, litigation.
Lecture on. Hubber Culture.
A- very Interesting lecture; Illustrated by
stereoptlcon -views, will be delivered- by
Mrs. 'Frona Waite Colburn on "Rubber
Culture in Soconueco, Mexico." at Metro
politan Temple on. Wednesday evening,
February 6. ¦ • - ¦
Mr. and. Mrs. Colburn' have -Just re
turned from a tour Southern Mexico
on muleback; and have brought with them
very many. .entertaining i incidents- and a
great fund 'of Information on the.cultiva
tion of the rubber tree. . ¦ , '¦
The lecture , will be Interspersed with
Spanish songs and Mexican music by Pro
fessor Lombardero's sextet - of . mandolin
and guitar, players. ¦ ' • ..
Favor High Licenses.
A resolution adopted at the meeting of
the Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs last night favors air effort- to have
Inserted m all of • the platforms of the
political parties a plank demanding a
higher grade of license on whisky sa
loons. The contention of the club mem
bers is that the saloons do not contribute
toward the expense of carrying on the
municipal government' an amount com
mensurate ..with the protection given
them. ' '
Merrily Going On
Is the bankrupt sale of shoes. 1506 Market
street. To-morrow there will, be offered
for sale 1000 pairs of- shoes for ladies,
misses and children, none worth less than
$150. for only 25c a pair. This sale will
start at 9 a. m.. and not before, at the
bankrupt sale of shoes of the California.
Shoe Ccmpanyr 1506 Market street, near
City Hall avenue. Frank • Plpher, Re
ceiver. . •
nor riding the favorite, let The .Bobby
cut out the running for a mile and a
half. Then Advance Guard picked It up,
and only" leafing, finished under wraps.
Roguish . Bangor sulked with Sloan, los
ing the show to Greenock. • .
3 Eleven^ fairjy?. matched three-year-olds
made up'~the nerd : in the- fifth . event, 'a
severi-furlong"- run. .• Buchanan had "ithe
mount ort. the- favorite, Moonbrlght, .and
was, never in it. , Always in a good posi
tion! Tommy Burns landed Grafter, a 5 to
1: chance, first, three lengths before Toah,
the Dunne entry. Scallywag .blew up
aftrr leading to the stretch.
The la'st; event on the card, a mile and
seventy yards selling event. ! went to
Brownie Anderson, ridden by Henry, and
second choice in the betting. Henry
brought the mare in from third position,
and with pounds in reserve beat Walken
shaw. the favorite, five lengths. -Burdoc,
at odds of 25 to 1, ran into the show.
Xearly every one of the nine starters
in the .steeplechase was accorded more
or less support, finally resulting lnLord
Chesterfield, -a 13?-nounder, !; being sent to
the'post a -slight 1 , favorite over Koenlg,
Lomo anrt'Credor the~!att<vr. carrying top
weight; lffT'pounds.'V' Chesterfield took the
major portion of the obstacles In front; hut
flattened out badly after the last bunch
of evergreens had been covered: Credo,
piloted by Sutherland, won hands down.
lx>mo and Koenlg came'to grief. at the
fifth .jump, giving their riders nasty falls..
Favonius and Zoroaster were ; the
absentees from . the Eclipse stakes, over
on*' nillo 'and, three-quarters, valued at
$2425. The conditions allowed" Advance
Guard ' to drop in with; 105 pounds, and
still as. good. as 3 to 5 could be had about
the iron horse. As an act of courtesy,
mare than anything else, "Winnie O'Con-
keep up the first part, but was closing
very strong at the finish.
WITH 5000 spectators breathless
ly waiting to see a terrific
struggle for supremacy In the
three-year-old division.' Irre
pressible Tommy Burns astride
Canmore defeated Articulate, i Rolling
Boer and Brutal for the^yveepstakes yes
terday at Tantoran Park.. '•.;¦'':*!' ','-, ¦'•' '•'¦¦•
Instead of witnessing a blood-curdling,
halr-Bplittlhg. rtnish, where the cruel | lash
sank deep Into the flanks of the foam-be
spattered steeds, their gory nostrils emit
ting fire, smoke and lava and their .sides
dripping with red blood from the 'cruel
steels, Canmore won by two lengths, with
Articulate second, a half-length in front
of the favorite. Rolling Boer.
From every standpoint. the race was dis
appointing, and the fact that Tod Sloan,
who seems fated not to -. win a stake or
purse event, piloted Articulate and lodged
a complaint of foul riding against Burns
.with the Judges- leaves a dark-brown,
parched taste in the mouths of many. Ad
mitting that a breeze sharp i enough to
send a clipper ship along at a slxteen-knot
rate was a facer for the horses on their
way home; th'ere was no early pace. Can-.
more, the leader throughout, crawled 'to
the quarfer in :26?i and hit the half in :51
flat. The three-quarters was covered In
l:15»4 and the full mile in 1:42. ,
Passing the spectacular part over for
the. nonce, as a speculating affair it was
a pronounced success, as every four out of
five patrons of the sport possessed a dif
ferent opinion rs to the ultimate outcome.
Each of the four starters carried . 115
pounds with the 'exception of Brutal,
which got in three pounds' lighter. Xash
Turner was going to work wpndersjn the
form of Rollins Boer.- the stable folks all
said, so the bookies took the tip ar.d made
Billy Cahill's colt an 8 to 5 favorite, at
which price coin enough to overload' a
furniture car went into the tin boxes.'
Brutal had worked. a mile in 1:42% with
out rulfllng a hair, so reported, and with
Winnie O'Connor In the n"nt -h"""" *">d
the next call at 2 to 1. Tommy Burns rc>
placed Mounce on Canmuie, U fcUai.iiu<.e
in itself that Walter Jennings' pride
would get away from the post this time.
Still the odds slumped till 17 to 5 was pro
curable at post. call. Kven with the
doughty Tod to guide him Articulate was
the rank outsider of this fashionable
quartet, 4 and 5 to 1 being quoted In pro
fusion. Nothing daunted by the chalk,
Mr. Lopez thought the brown colt a cer
tainty, and his. friends from the coursing
park, who turned, out in large numbers,
were down to a man.. . '' •*. '.,
As expected. Canmore. tried a few fancy
antics at the post.' Finally- catching', all
four straight. Starter Dwyer released the
barrier. Rolling Boer, first away, bumped
Articulate slightly, undoubtedly an .un
avoidable occurrence. , Neither .Sloan,
O'Connor nor Turner. seemed Inclined to
Bet the pace, so Tommy Burns slipped
away on. Canmore. op'ening up -a igap^of
Bix lengths going rthe .first quarter,
O'Connor on Brutal 'was first to take after
him, and when half the route- had * been
covered looked ; a . winner. Then: . he
flunked. Canmore ' was first into »the
stretch by two lengths, with Articulate. in
hot pursuit and closing fast. Three-six
teenths from the stand, with Artlculate's
head at his flanks, Canmore, under severe
urging, bore out, just- as' It looked as if
Sloan allowed > his colt . to swerve- -in.
Surely going the strongest," Canmore drew
away; winning by .two lengths. When it
was too late Rolling Qper came on, finish
ing a close third.* . -_ . .. *
Immediately on returning ¦ to dismount
Sloan claimed a foul against Burns and
a large crowd collectfd, around .the stand.
Each rider was in turn questioned, but.lt.
was like endeavoring -,to-iind. the .-ages-of
a Chinaman. After. some minutes of de
liberation the official* decided to : let . the
race go as the horses^had finished. -After
donning hia street clothes Sloan declared
In positive terms that Burns had deliber
ately interfered with Articulate and Mr,
Lopez says the colt will not* be -started
again in California. Burns iwas ' equally
certain he committed no breach ' of turf
etiquette. Rolling' Boer ran a. poor race and
Brutal .a worse one. .There will -be jang
ling and .wrangling over the outcome for
some time to como. . ". ,. ¦.;¦.. ...
It .was a day replete With surnrlses/
Advance Guard,' .winner of the Eclipse
stakes, being , the lone . choice to ', reward
the confidence : of I favorite : players. The
betting was; almost "fierce _' at*, times and
the bookmakers : had all ! the I better,, of; the
affray.;- ,.¦::-_ ¥ j -.-¦¦'.'¦ ." r ¦•:¦¦<?"»..••- ''.-¦ ;: 1 ; :-.-.-
Owen Mounce' opened the ceremonies by
taking the introductory six furlong sprint
with Bedeck, against which 60 and 60 to 1
was laid.- . Tod . Sloan t.was . carded to ' ride
the - Schorr : entry;.- Joe : Frey, carrying 103
pounds, and from .twos '.the " colt's 1 odds
gradually.droppedto 6 to 5/ Bedeck, 1 * un
der superb handling, ran with exceptional
speed and .gameness. and 'In a ; furious
drive earned the decision In a' three-neck
finish from the- favorite and .The Pride.
Favonius, the second chojee,: could .not
By F. i E. MTJLHOliL-AN-D.-
Chairman Knowland of the
Assembly Investigating
Committee Hers.
- Assemblyman J. R. Knowland, chairman
of the committee appointed by the lower
house of the Legislature to ' Investigate
the San Francisco Police Department, ar
rived in the city last evening. The other
four members of the committee will arrive
here to-morrow night. They will, on their
arrival. Immediately hold a meeting at
the Grand Hotel. At this . meeting the
committee will receive legal advice and
will learn definitely how far it can go in.
the matter, and whether it can enforce
the attendance of anv- persons whom It
may be desired to have testify.
Assemblyman Knpwlaml spoke freely
last evening on the coming investigation.
¦ "There is no Intention on the part of the
committee," he said.' "to regutate or In
terfere with San Francisco municipal af
fairs. We are down here to ascertain if
the gambling in Chinatown is as bad as
some people claim. At present we have
no knowledge of the evil. All the evidence
we have is merely hearsay."
"When do you expect to begin your la
bors?" Knowland was asked.
"The committee will all be down here bv
Monday night, and we will then hold a
meeting. We have sought legal advice,
and we wlll.be Instructed as to our rights.
By Tuesday evening we ought to be ready
to hear testimony.
"If the State laws are adequate, then
we will not try to make any new ones.
We shall first try to find out if the State
laws are enforced In regard to gambling.
If they are not we will take steps to see
that they are.- On-the -other hand. If we
find that the police are powerless for lack
of laws we will make new ones to stop
the gambling evil. The members of the
committee are free from any bias— in fact,
none of the committee Is influenced by
any local conditions.' To sum the matter
up in a few words. I' believe that we can
not interfere with the police, but I think
that It Is In our power to investigate to
find out If any new. laws are needed. I
wish it understood, however, that we do
not wish to Interfere with the local gov
ernment. I believe that the police are will
ing for us to investigate their department,
and -will do all in their power to assist us.
"I have seen in a San Francisco paper
that we are only coming: down here to
draw extra pay. I wish to contradict this
statement. We will receive the same pay
as we would if we • remained in Sacra
mento. We 'have to pay our llvlnsr ex
penses. "We have brought down a clerk, a
stenographer and a sergeant at arms.
These jr.en would be drawing salaries if
toey were in Sacramento, so the State win
not be under' any extra expense. I hope
that we can arrange to use a courtroom
while we are holding the investigation, so
that we can save this expense of rent, if
possible. We will work night and day In
order to get through as soon as possible."
The other four members of the commit
tee are E. L. Webber. L. Schillisr. Eli
Wright and J. W. Laird.
COMES TO PROBE
GAMBLING EVIL
to give. He admitted having moner
enough to buy drinks, and when pressed
for Information as to where he got It he
said he had soaked his subpena with the
clerk of the Western Hotel and had ob
tained $2 50 on It. He told a lame story
of the tight between Foote and. Truman
and declared that stories he had previ
ously told were not true. He denied that
he had at any time had a conversation
with Gaskill In which Gasklll told him
that If he should be sUbpenaed to appear
before the committee he should go to
Foote and Foote would tell him what ha
should testify to. He denied that on thn
train last night ha had asked Older
whether he should "support Foote or
'throw' him." and he denied a half hun
dred other things he has. heretofore been
talking freely of. The only interesting 1
thing he did say was that now and then
there was a quiet little game going on In
GaskiU's room, and he knew that "Foote
had lost 2500 francs there one night. He
added that Foote was "occasionally ono
of Mr. Gaskill's welcome guests."
Older was then allowed to make a. state
ment regarding his interview with Den
nis. He said: ..
"Dennis called on me on Monday, and
I asked him to go up to Sascramento to
testify before the committee. He post
pened his answer, and came back a^aJn
in an hour with his brother, who told
mo It rvas not wise for Dennis to go up
to testify, aa he would make powerful
enemies; but on • my suggestion, the
brother said Dennis might testify In re
sponse to a subpena/ Yesterday a sub
pena came to the city for Dennl3, and wo
came ur> on the 6 o'clock train. On the
way up Dennis asked' me: .
" 'What am I going to do? Shalt I up
hold Foote, or *hall I throw him down?* "
"I told him he should tell the truth.
Dennis said if he testified to the truth
Foote would kill him, and I told him X
didn't think anything -would happen to
him. I told him not to be a free witness
and ramble on and' tell a great deal more
than he was questioned about, but to an
swer any quesxlons that were put to him.
When I left him I advised him to go
straight to bed and not to drink any, and
when he left he said he would go on the
stand and tell the truth. He has come
on the stand and has denied everything
he loM me."
A. J. Davidson, owner of the gold speci
men wMch was supposed to have been
damaged, was called to tell his story- Ha
said he had made no claim from the in
surance company nor from s the Commis
sioners, nor would be ray tftat the speci
men was damaged by design.- He said it
probably had been damaged by being
dropped. He added, however, that he ha«l
an agreement with Gaskill that. If Gaakill
could sell the specimen for $5000, Gasklll
was to get 10 per cent of it.-
Davidson's testimony has ended the
specimen episode. It is probable the In
vestigation will fizzle out after this, for
so far -there has been nothing definite
shown and such .charges as have been
made have been pretty thoroughly
thrashed out.
WITNESS MOORE SAYS
FOOTE WAS CALIFORNIA'S
BEST EXHIBIT AT PARIS
Declares the Commissioner Was Always at
His Post Murdering French and English
in Praise of the Glorious Golden State
Special Dispatch to Tfca CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Paris commission
found a champion in A. A. Moore- Jr. this
auernoon and In him W. W. Foot© found
a good friend. According to Moore, Footo
was the best exhibit California sent to
Paris. |
"He knew everybody and everybody
knew him." said Moore, "and everybody
wanted to know where he came from.
He was as eager and willing to give in
formation and to make people feel at
home as a floor walker In a dry goods
store." ¦ - •
Then Moore launched forth Into a glow
ing description I of Foote, pouring hot air
Into the extended ears of visitors from all
parts of the* world, murdering both
French and English in his frantic efforts
to make himself understood 'and dis
coursing learnedly on all subjects con
nected with the State, from the budding
industry of silk culture to the latest
phase in po-litics. As an advertisement.
Moore said, Foote was worth to the Sta.e
ten times more than the exhibit. He con
sidered that, failing to obtain the privi
lege of a collective exhibit, the Commis
sioners had done the right thing in estab
lishing such headquarters as they had.
As to the reported revelry and carousals.
Moore said he never saw anything of the
kind. He described the place aa being
as chasto as a preacher's study and even
had there been carousing, he said, it
would not hurt the State by shocking the
morals of Paris, for Paris has no morals
to shock. Had all tnree Commissioners
gone pn a tremendous debauch and re
mained there, he eaid. it would not have
hurt the State a bit in the eyes of Pars.
Regarding the headquarters themselves,
Moore said they were beautifully fitted
up, and he added that during the time he
spent in Paris he always found Foote
there. Truman, he said, he never saw at
all, although Truman was In town, anl
Runyon had already come home. Moore
believed the money spent had been well
laid out. • , , ' *u
Fremont Older was sworn .during the
afternoon. He was asked upon what he
had based . the articles which have ap
peared in the Bulletin, and he said they
were based upon letters he had received,
statements of people who had visited the
exposition and with whom he had spoken,
and interviews with attaches of the com
mission. He was asked if Mills had given
him any information, and he said Mills
had not. but had given, him the names of
several 'persons who would give Informa-
Aridrew Dennis, the negro steward of
the Pari3 headquarters, was. thep called.
Dennis proved: to be a witness with a
startling lack of memory. He did not re
member anything he had ever said to any
one nor'anything that was at. all definite.
It was known that when. he\came to town
last night he .had a conversation with
Ga'skill. but he denied that Gasklll asked
him, anything about the testimony he was
HALL EXONERATED
FROM ALL BLAME
Coroner's Jury Listens to
Barber's Graphic Story
of the Shooting.
The lncuest over the body of William
Irving Shannon, the young burplar shot
and killed last Wednesday night at 122
Taylor street by Edward H. Hall, a bar
ber, whose room he was In the act of rob
bing, elicited some Interesting details
from Hall on just what passes through
a man's mind when he feels the barrel of
a loaded revolver in Ihe hands of a des
perate housebreaker pressed against his
body. '""¦-'!: • '
"While I grappled with Wilson," said
Hall. "I felt as' though I was belngr shot
full of holes from tip to toe." Continu
ing, Hall told of - having wrenched the
menacing revolver from the hands of the
burglar. Wilson, and of having fired a
shot at him and a second shot that killed
Wilson's companion. Shannon.
Mrs. Hattie Levy, the' story *of whose
dramatic recognition of Shannon while
the bnrgrlar was In bis death throes at
the foot of the sta!r3 In the lodging-house
as the man she had surprised In her rooms
three weeks before was told in The Call,
repeated her experience and graphically
described the scene Immediately after
Hall began shooting. Mrs. Levy lives on
the ground floor of 122 Taylor street, and
she saw the whole affair from her door,
being attracted there by Wilson's cries
for aid when he closed with Hall.
Autopsy Surgeon Louis Bacigalupi tes
tified as to the nature of the wound which
was fatal to Shannon and showed the bul
let that caused' hjs death. Other witnesses
were R. C. Cohran. Amelia Baptist, John
Green and Policemen iWllson and Joy.
The jury remained out but a very short
time and Returned with a .verdict com
pletely exonenrting Hall, who thanked the
Coroner with a warm handshake and went
hi3 way. . .
MEN'TO, Feb. 2. — Ausemblyman. Myeri of
Kings County has come forward with,an
other coyote scalp measure, this time a
Myers* Coyote Bill.
CALX. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
Hutchire Vlrpinia Jameeon. Anna C. Jewett,
1/ulu E. Kaerth Johnston, Loma E. .Jordan,
Elizabeth C. Klotz. Clara l«each, F. Itylen*
LewiR, Anna Llvinsrootf. Adflle M. Lucy. Gladys
X McCarty. J. H.. Mitchell. Mary B. New
ton. Man' L Kicfcole. I»u Eeville Torter. Til
lie A. Prlnrle. Uobert M. IJinkin. Marian "E.
P*«.vcr, Annette Shane. Hay B. Spencer Sharp
nack. Arthur K. Sh<3i.t«. France* Simmon*.
Annie E. Slnaott, Alice M. Smith, Mrs. Clara
Smith. Eliza Thornae, Nellie M. Thorp, Ida
Vanderjrcw, Mrs. T. H- Vestal. Clara Wolf
Ward. Elizabeth A. WInn. Corallne K. Wocxl
bnrr. Mrs. I. M. WyUie. Myron Young.
ended In the draft of a bill, which will be
Introduced next week. The bill ic a com
promise measure,' taking the good feature*
cf two bills — one already introduced in the
Senate by Devlin and the other drawn up
by State Superintendent Kirk, who in
tended to have it introduced within a few
clays. Attorney General Ford, in a. recent ¦
opinion, declared that it was lawful for j
tiic Siate Board of Education to procure .
copyrighted matter to use tn the eumpila
tioa of textbooks for the schools of the
State. This was good so far as it went, f
but there was no way for the State board i
to acquire copyrighted matter, and so the j
board set about uevising a plan oy which
the right could be made of some avail.
Superintendent Kirk's bill, which was
read at the meeting to-day, provides tha I ;
The Slat* Board cf Education. In compiling j
or causing to be compiled or revising, as now
required by law. textbooks for Ube la \X\t !
common schools, may r..a».u use of and adopt,
» ix.fi or without charge, all or any part or any
textbook *>r plate of cotter thereof at the
tirr.e existing, and if 6'ich existing textbook
or any part or plate thereof desired to be so
used by eaid board *hall at the time be copy
righted and ¦ eaid board cannot lawfully make
use of ea!d textbook or copyrighted matter
or part or plate thereof without consent of
owner of the copyright, then 6ald board may
purchase or otherwise procure for the State
from tiie owner the right and the means
•whereby the use cf fuch textbook or copy
righted matter or plate or part thereof may
be had, upon such terms as said board Khali
deem reasonable; irovided that, in the jude
xnent of eaid board, such means will secure
for use ia the public schools of the Plate a
satisfactory textbook, st a cost not exceed
ing what would be required to compile, with
out such copyrighted mailer, & textbook of
equal merit.
It Is further provided In Superintendent
Kirk"s bill that the State board, when fix
ing the cost of State textbooks each year,
may add to each book sufficient to pay in
t he" aggregate for the copyrighted matter
It contains.
Senator Devlin's bill takes a different
course. It provides for the formation of
a textbook commission, composed of two !
commissioners, ea.cn to receive a salary
of $3000 a year, and the State • Printer,
whose duty would be to purchase copy
righted matter for use in the compilation
of textbooks. It is also provided that the
commission shall have a clerk at a salary
of $2400. The bill further provides for a-i
appropriation of $2<».' to be used for -the
purposes of the commission.
The bill suggested as a compromise for
these two lakes a middle course of creat
ing a commission, composed of oae com->
missioner at $2)00, the State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction and the State
Printer, which *=ha!l have the duty of pur
chasing copyrighted matter under the
tupervipion ot the State Board of Educar
tlon. The bill will provide that all acts
of the textbook commission shall be ap
prsn-ed by the State Board of Education,
and that it will require flv«s" favorable
votes to approve any act. The bill also
reduces the salary of the clerk to $1300
and retains the appropriation. '
Pre?iC»-nt Wheeler of the State Unlver-
Fity rpoke of his investigations of this
pubject while he was on his recent trip
East. He said there were a frreat many
valuable books which the State could
procure for we as textbooks if the State
Board of Education were only on such
Ice-al footing in the premises that it
could treat with the holders of the copy-,
rights and the publishers In a business
¦way. The opinion of the Attorney Gen
eral declared the board to be competent
to purchase what copyrights it pleased,
but there is nothing to show whence
the board may draw the necessary money.
The Attorney General suggested this re
etriction. however, that the books must be
made m this State and by the State
Prlr.tor; but it has never been the inten
tion of the board to have the work done
otherwise. The board intends. If the bill
go through, to have all the mechanical
work done at the - office of the State
Printer and all that will be purchased
outside the State wi!l be copyrighted
matter and plates. At present, in the
sbsence of a definite understanding and
a lack cf funds, the State board has to
¦write Its own books and compile Its own
natter, adopting from other textbooks
when available, but -without Infringing
upon copyrights. As all the best text
books are copyrighted, the board of nec
essity has to pass over all the best ma
terial, or write now books embodying the
good pclnts of books already successful
and of undoubted value. # It means that
the public schools of the State are de
barred from the use of what is best in
the line of textbooks and the compromise
bill which will be submitted by the State
"board, will. It is hoped, be th»» means of
obtaining' the best material available. .
In addition to the meeting to consider
textbooks, the board received a report
from the Credentials Committee and in
pursuance of this report granted the fol
lowing diDlomas: ¦
Lif edlplcraa* of the High School grade— Mr*.
Elizabeth M. Babcock. Jamie Maud Blanchard.
lizard U Hunt. Georga Whitefleld ¦Wright,
James J. Rippeto^
Life d'plomae cf the Grammar School grade—
G W*. Johnson (duplicate).
Educational diploma* of the Hleh School
rrade— R. II. Mitchell. Allan P. Saaborn. G.
11. Wilkinson. ¦ •
New lMue life diploma*— Lizzie A. Clayton.
Hay Cooper. Emma. L». Doherty.
Educational diplomas of the Grammar School
trade— Hester Aoamson. Daisy Alford, Bessie
liaker. Kute Glendinning Baldwin. Julia Beggs,
Gertrude Ilrown. Mabel M. Chubb. Mamie
Connelly. J. J. Daily. Lulu B. Davis. Jesele
3?. Ditbrow. Harry Donnelly. Eugene H. Doyle,
Jessie Alice Lmtin. Maude Gray Eyre. Olive
May Farr-ham, Mary Wildes Ford, Millie Gax
dette. Myrtle A. Green, Mary Hendricks, Car
rie latix-r, Mabel Jaroescn. lrma R. Levy,
Hen-let J. Lewi*. I^aura I. Lowdon, Robert
C MacDonaJd. Mary Eugenia May. Ella May
Jlartin, Kittle O. Martin. Bertha McGray,
Jcsepb F. McKn'.ght, Gertrude McNamar. Lula
lilies. Agnes A. Montgomery, Alice Mulcahy,
Kittle Murphy. I>»-wis M. Naron, Cyrus Ntw-
Icve Mary F. O'Hara. Com M. Otto. Srvphlo
J.. Peatereon. Mra. Bertha Pllcher. ' Mrs. - Fan
¦ r.ie Scott. Charlea A. Shannon, Jean E. Smith,
Alice G. Button, Olive E. Tftollcr. George Ed
rr.undB Townts. Frank Elwln Turner. Julia
Campbell Wasson. Charles Weddl«. Effie West,
Alice Clarke Wheeler. Fuele E. Wlcdman,
JJelen C. Wight. Kittle Huneaker Williams,
Hanson Delmer Wylie.
Life- diploma* of tha grammar school irrade—
Feverinus G. Astreler, M. Rosna Andrews,
Martha E. Blair. Joseph Ruffln liorden. Anna
Moore Buaiong. Lydla J. P. Bunker, Margaret
IJurchell. Charlotte Chandler, Nellie M. Chope,"
Ella J Curtin. Amy Clark. Mrs. Annie Ellen
XVjyle William P. Doyle. Rebecca E. Dreyfus.
Mrs Clara Holt Fountain. May Evans. Wal
lace E. Feenaty. Emma Frances Ferguson.
E4r.a Sti^tz Goodwin, Amy Goodwin. Frances
Uracken Gould.. Angle Gray. M. Minnie Gray.
Charles F Hart. Bernard C. Healey, C. Orae«
Henfirlckion, J. -S. Henneasy. Kate E. GHder
Horn. Mrs. Erfltn Smith Humphrey, Mary
DRAWS UP A COMPROMISE
BILL TO GIVE CALIFORNIA
SCHOOLS GOOD TEXT BOOKS
State Board of Education Selects Best Fea
tures From Measures Proposed by Sen
ator Devlin and Superintendent Kirk
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2— The subject of tex»
books was discussed at a meeting of the
Elate- Board of Education to-day, and ac
tion was uiken which, if the plan can be
carried through, will provide a means
whereby the State may take advantage
of the best textbooks in the market by
purchasing the copyright or by paying
royalties on the books. . The discussio-i
general one and unconflned by county lim
its. His measure allows a bounty of $2
on every coyote ecalp, payable at the op
tion of the county Boards of Supervisors
and upon thoir certification to the County
Treasurer. The bill provides that half the
bounty shall be paid by the State and halt
by the county in which the claim orig
inates.
PROPOSED BOND .^ISSTJE
OF A MILLION DOLLARS
Bill Providing 1 for the Completion of
the Seawall in San Pran
cisco.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-.
MEXTO, Feb". 2.— Assemblyman Ca.vag
r.aro has Introduced a bill providing for
a bond Issue of 51,000,000 by the State Har
bor Commission for completing the sea
wall at San Francisco, and to provide a
sinking fund for interest and redemption.
It Is provided that the Statft Treasurer
Ehall prepare en issue of 10,000 bonds in
the denomination of $100, the bonds to
bear interest at 3\U per cent per annum,
and be payable at the office of the State
Treasurer twenty years from their re
spective dates. The bonds shall bear dato
of January 1 or July 1 ol the year In which
they are issued, and they shall be paya
ble "on the same dates. At the expiration
of twenty years from the date of their
issue, the bonds shall cease to bear inter
est, and the Treasurer must pay them
out of the sinking fund.
It is provided that no more than $200,000
worth of the bonds shall be sold by the
State Treasurer at one times he to Bell
them at public auction and for not less
than par value. It is provided further
that when authorized to do so, the Treas
urer shall sell the remainder of the bonds,
provided that at no lime shall he sell
more than $200,000 at any sale, and that
in all cases the State of California shall
be a preferred purchaser, at par, of iho
whole or any portion of the issue. The
bonds are to be ordered sold by a board
consisting of the Governor of the State,
the Mayor of San Francisco and the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners. These
are to meet together and determine when
each new sale of bonds shall take place.
It is provided that this auestion shall
be submitted to the people at the next
general election and mat it .shall be de
cided by a majority of the votes cast for
and acainst the proposition.
». .
SENATE COMMITTEE
VISITS POLSOM PRISON
Senator Belshaw Praises the General
Condition of the Insti
tution.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. . SACRA
MEXTO, Feb. 2. — Senator Belshaw took
Senators Luchsinger, Greenwell, Tyrrell
of Nevada and Nelson, members of his
Prisons Commission, lo visit FcJsom, to
day.' They left at '7 o'clock this mornini;
and returned this evening. The commit
tee inspected all the buildings, the kitch
ens and dining rooms, the commissary de
partment, the office methods, and the
discipline, but there was no time to make
more than a passing examination of any
thing. Many complaints were received
from various sources, but none of them
were gone into, because of lack of time.
In speaking of the result of the trip.
Senator Belshaw said to-nlgbt that the
general condition of the. prison was good,
and the discipline as good as that at San
Quentin. The requisition system that has
been established in the Folsom peniten
tiary he particularly commended.
It is Belshaw's idea to suggest that a
committee of holdover Senators investi
gate fully both prisons, and make a re
port to the next Legislature. The com
mittee will report to the Senate early next
week. • •
HOTJKIGAN- AND COI/LINS
SHOW INSUBOBDZN-ATTON
Mi£ed Because They Have Not Been
Given a Few Junketing
Outings.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senate concurrent reso
lution No. 5, providing for the appoint
ment of a joint committee to arrange for
the reception of President McKinley and
carrying an appropriation of $1000, -was re
ported from the Senate to-day. Johnson
thought it should go to the Ways and
Means Committee, since It appropriated
money. On suggestion of the Speaker, he
moved that it be printed in the Journal
and made a special order for Monday.
Hourlpan and Collins of San Francisco
were the only members voting In the
negative, a fact developed by Hourlgan's
demand for a division.
Fisk approached Johnson and Pendleton
later with, an explanation of the peculiar
stand taken by Hourlgan and Collins. He
Eaid they were showing insubordination
because they believed they were not get
ting enough plums in the way of junket-
Ing trips. He said if they were to be kept
In line they would have to be provided
with something In the way of a little trip.
Pap 23 to 32
CARPENTER- IB ACQUITTED.— F. L. Car-
penter, special officer, charged with assault -to
murder .for shootfnjr Frril Wallesen ¦ during a
row in a taloon at CC2 Seventh' «treet, ; Novem-
ber 19, . was acquitted by. Judge Cabanles yes-
terday on the ground cf self-defense.Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
Considerable Disappointment Is -Expressed Be
cause of Sloan's Claim of Foul Riding Lodeed With the
Judges Against -Bums — Advance Guard Wins a— Stake
TOD SLOAN ASTRIPE ARTICULATE
IS BEATEN FOR THE SWEEPSTAKES BY
CANMORE, WITH TOMMY BURNS UP
SCENES AND INCIDENTS ATTENDANT ON THE DECIDING OF THE GREATLY TALKED ABOUT FOUR COR
NERED SWEEPSTAKES AT TANFORAN PARK. ADDITIONAL INTEREST WAS ADDED TO THE EVENT
FROM THE FACT THAT TOD SLOAN PILOTED ARTICULATE.
THE CALL'S RACING FROM CHART.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance.
.' The ¦ St. ' Patrick's Mutual Alliance na3
elected the following officers for the cur
rent term : P. > M. Leary and " T. . F. Mc-
Grath.. vice president; F. McCarrlck. sec
ond,vice president: J. H. McGlnney. treas
urer;- M.» J.*. Gorman,- financial, Thomai
F. Alford, recording ,',and . T. E. Gibbons,
corresponding, secretary. The assets of
the- association are '$10,000, without -any
liabilities. During the last term the mem
bership increased 30 per cent. The twen
ty-eighth annual f reunion of the alliance
will be held In Schuetxen Park on July 21.
TA^F^^ANPAKK/SATt^^
1744.: FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; three-year-olds arid up; purse, $100.
j ~ I Ho. I ! ""¦— ; i I, Betting ¦ .,
Index I Horse. Age, Welght.|Pfst|St. %.-.%. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . J Op. . HI. , ¦ Cl. PI.
1C09 Bedeck. 3 105 4 721 22 In In Mounce 10 60 50 12
O7H) I Joe Frer. -3...... .103 2 4 3 h 3 1 3 h I n • T. Sloan.... 6-5 2 13-10 9-20
(K03) jThe Pride. 5......H3 '"3 5 .51 ¦ 41 4J' 3 n N. Turner.. 4 5 5 6-5
(1733) IFavonlUK. 5 115 5 6 6 15 6 13 ' 10 4 2 Henry ...... 9-5 2 9-5. 1-2
1714 iFrank BeJU' 5....H2 . 1 2 11 11. ' ? h - 5 10 , T. Burns..:. 7 15 10 6-2
1U4 ;Gcld Beater, 5.. ..115 S 3~ 41 Bl R10 6 20' Alexander,. 3<X) 1KM) COO 150
1C?S'. |Ulauda.*3....... ...100 7 1. 7-77 -7 Fauntleroy 310 1000 - 6C0 - : 150
Time— >4. :24: Vi. MS; *i. 1:13. i Fair start. Won flrft three driving. Winner, G. B. Morris'
. eh. e. -by Imp. Star Ruby-Bedott. ' Bedeck fairly , bulging c-ut, with speed and ran like a
Kamecock. Skan cxi Joe Frey In a bail position on the far turn, preventing him from.,
making an earlier move. The'Pride knocking.' ,Favonlu» was closing . very fast.- Frank
Bell withcretrunderthe pace. Scratched— GoM Or 115. -'. ,.
-1715.- SECOXP RACE— Steeplechase ; shnrt course; handicap; 4-year-oldg up;.pur33. »500.
-•¦ ¦ . ,..,--•¦-.-- , -. IPs. -:.... ..... ¦- .-...' .... ~--.. ¦¦ ¦ / Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. P*t St." V.'.J. 14 J. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
O71S) Credo. 6;..........157 9 1 '. 2 4 ' 2 20 2 40 1 3, Sutherland. . 3 C 5 2
1716^ 1/<T Chest'fleld; 6.1.10 3 7 '" 1 1"" 1 10 "1 1 ~"2'4 Fvans '.. 4 6 7-2 7-5
1710 ' Pallucas, 5 l"0 7 '9 5 3 20 3 3 1- i:g;p«rscn ... 10 10 5 2
liie Mestor.- a ..135 4 8. 4 13 4 4 4O Wilson... -. .10 15 15 4 ,
1716 IMay Boy. 6. 142 5 6 3 10 Fell WortNpton .10 12 12 A
172$ |The Callforn'n, 4.123! 8 14 Pulled up. ... .... McHugh .... 20 20 20 8
V.en)-\liomo. a... ...1671.02 Fell ... ... |r>. Henry.... 3 3 5 8-5
1717 JKo-nis;, 5.... 130| 6 T> Fell .... ...'... IHuwiton .... 3 9-2 4 8-5 :
HC5 |J O C. a •££££$!. 2 J 3 "Fell. .•..•¦¦•...- ....*, JMcMahon ,.| 10 20 20 -6
.Time— 3:37. Good utart. 'Won easily. * Second and third driving. Winner. ¦ C. K. Durnell's
b.- g. by. Morello- Prize. Credo much th* best - Koenlg fenced well nrd looked a possibil
ity,, when he retired from business. Mestor mlMed , the. traln< thl» .tjme.- tailing to show.^
174». THIRD RACK— Mile and three-quarters; Ecllp'y . Stakes; 4-yenr-olds up; value $2123.
I ¦'- ' ¦•¦• '•¦--¦ IFn.l ¦. ~ ~~ - •.¦-¦• ¦ \, . pitting
Index llloree. Age. Weight. PsUSl. . Btd. f " M. . 6tr., :Fln. - Jockeys. I. Op. . HI. Cl. PI.
17U Adv'ce Guard. 4..1<15! 3 I 3 ,2 5 . 2 4 12, 15 . (O'Connor ... ,1-2 3-5 1-2 — -
(17X7) The -Cobby. 4. ...1071. 2 I 2^1 5 1 2 2« 25 IDomlnlck • .. • 8 .99 7-5
1711 .Greenock. 4 103 4jl 4 0 4 2 4, X 10 . T. - Rums 10, . 12 ,. 12 2
1574 [Bangor. 5........;114l 1 | 4> 3 3 .4 '¦ 4 ¦•4, JT.'"gloan....| : 2 7-2 14-5 3-5
Time— U, ;:W: v 3f; :5C: "mile/ 1:50; IVim. ?rt5; ium.r 2:40: "l^iP.'SiM.'^Oood.iitart. Won pull
intr up. . Second a'nd third "driving. 'Winner. Carrnthern" & Sh'plds'- ch. -h. hv Imp. Great
Tom-Nellie' Van. Advance Guard wore a Fheeninh look. It was. so eary. ¦ Bobby trudged
nlons sam»!v as usual. Banger played the booby act and iu Iked- Scratched— Favonius 109.
Zoroaster K6. ' . ' *• .
1747. FOURTH RACE— One mile; /sweepstakes; three-ycar^o!ds;"pursf\ $1400. ~, .:. ¦
. "~" -I . ¦••, ¦ IPoTl ' ;. . '* .." . : I [r- Betting "
Index IHorse and Weight. |Pfit| St. U- H- *tr. F!n. I Jockeys. | Op." HI. Cl. PI.
ir.67 iCanmcre ........ .1151 4 I 3 15.. 15 , 1 Vi 1? !T.riums...:i 5-2 17-n 16-5 4-6
lf.77 (Articulate ........113 21 2 4 32.21 .2 'i ITV «!of»n.... !>-2 5 4 6-5
1G93 Rolling,' Boer..".. .115 111 2 n _4 S 2 3 2 ? |N. ! Turner...! . !>-$ 9-5 9-5.1-2
(l.'C7) Brutal :....'....:.. Ill 3 j 4_ Z 4 -2n 4 4 .[O'Connor ..j 5-2 5-2 2 3-5
Time-^V«, .:%¥*: *i. . :5t; Vi. 1:15*4; mile. 1:42. ...Good start. .Won Hfltlen out'. Second and third
driving." Winner, W. B. Jennings &'Ca.'s b.c. ,by lrr>p. , MMlothlari-Fannj' • Louise." Ar
'Uculaie .and Boer. came, togetlier at- the >. start' in; ah' amateur bumping affray. There -was
no pace and Canmore stole -away? from the. others at the first turn. Three-Flxteenth from
hom«> Sloan, claimed Burn? on Canmore fowled Ms.'mouit. At the; same; time Articulate:
wan tired and bore-In »« Sloan" be^an matins his last effort. Boer disappointed his stable.
Brutal probably In need of a : rac*. - •". ¦;': -• - •' ' ,f. .: _t, ¦'• . ."• • : .
1 74S t FIFTH R ACE-tSevfn : furlongs; . threo-yr ar-oldn ; purse, : $400.*. -; •'• '>• ." x /,
' "•' 'C • . •' •-. -. ¦::',¦. '-¦ I P<T| • r_ • ~~:.- ': .'. .;.'¦'.-• '. .-'.;•.•:} f^'i; , ¦ • " : ' I, — Betting -"
Index Horse -arid \We'.xlH.|P9tJSt;.. ',4. . Str._. Fin. [.Jockeys.'.: | -Op. ' HI. n. Cl. .' PI.
lC8»;IGrafter ....r.'.V.V.lOSj '2 JU fHV. »5 2 ' 3 1; 1 X . 1T. Burns.'.:: • .< 4 " 11-2 " 11-3 2"
(lr.50)lToah ....,".. ~ .'. 10ft 10, fi 4 IV S^i: 3 2v, 2 »-4 lO'Connoiv... .5 9 ' 9 B-2 >
1729-IBeide .....:... ..'.:il2|-S 4 ; 1 *4 " 2 1 ,.lHf34 (Henry 5 6 6 2
(1730) 'iScally wag .'..V.'.... 109 ¦» 7 1 -2 1 -" 12 4 1 . ; 4 4 '. I.Monnce 8 15 15 <
•J69«' Afla N-... ...:..-..':. 108 . 3 2 8 % ". 4 5 ; . 5 ."! 5 9 , IPtllman . .. . 6 8 ¦ 8. ' 8'
(178U IftoUIck .........r.lfn . 1 | 3 -r 7 h "7 % 6 »i « *4 . I Jenkins '.... 4 . 5 5 8-6.
1669 .'ICoucar, ...........113 -7110 . 8 1 "¦¦¦'l l- ,71; '. 7 1 ; IN,*. Turner.. 13 *,*20 '20 • 8
(17»)i Moonbright ...V..107 \ 6,|'8v.9 K 6 h'. 8 4 ' 8 5- FRuchsnan .: 7-2 * 1S-3 • 13-5" 6-5
17t2-,lDttnily Jim '......1U 11 U \>] .10 l V: 10 3 .'¦• » t r '-'< 9 2'^(DmnlnIck -... 8 ¦ 10 . 8* 5-2
1715 MTony Lapping.. '. '.11? • 8 9 : 11 i '•¦¦ 11"- 4 •- 10 5 ICoburn .'.... '10-18 13' 6
1715' [Slap Paah :..... ..109 ¦ 4 j^i \\j, >,9 y t \ it , ,-Ml ., ISae ..... ..•..] 20 33 . 30 g
. Tlme-r 1 '!.' :J3Vi: V4< t;49::%. 1:27H. ' F8lr:start.lWon«'ridaen i ibut.V-VSec<)nd-and..third driving.
Winner, L..' Blaslngame's.b. g. by Cicero-Leap. Year. -Grafter well, ridden •• and best. V s Toah
¦ - improving, right along. Selde.qult. = Too far for. Scallrwagi at "present..-^ Rollick couldn't set
, vp.j. Moonbrtght In a bad poattlon^'JDandy ' Jim ¦ off poorly: » Soratched— Alxura 107. -¦ .
l?Sr % s1^intA^E^Mlie X a^d^7T^^
. •- ¦¦•* ¦ - i-;,-"^-'- ¦.-.,•...¦. Po.l.-). ;.. i ,-. ¦¦:.. .• ¦ ..•-. ¦¦-,. ' -ij. I - - :-,.-¦; •'*^\\ t ¦ Betting >•¦:
Index Horse? and. Weight. p»t St. ' ¦'%: - M. Btr.:,-- Fin. i .Jockey*.' Op. V;HI.- .Cl. . PI.
ilm? B.;AnderBon; 4..ilO5 1 4.32: 8,1 1 3 ';¦: -J 5". (Henry '...... 5-3. . C-2 .2 7-10 C
1551? Walkenihaw. ?«.".. 110 6 5 : -4 hVl'n": 2 n-M lH ; IO'Connpr' .. 6-5 3-3 .'3-2" • 1-2
1725/ Burdock.'*:..:. '..107 8 6 : B h* 5 5>_*;"4 2'*S 3U Mounce ; :lt.\\ 10 - 25 ; 25
•1713 > Jo« Rlpley. ;a.:..107 . 4 3.. ; 2 2 ,1 1 ",- S 5; 4 2 •"« Coburn :...-. 4 • : 6 8' -2
1713.. Faunette, a':. '....105 sr,2 .7-': :-,7 ;..'. .., 7 .; •.' , < 5 ".' 5 1 ~K Alexander :. 9-2" ".. -8' - ' 8 ,5-8
"J49»: RaInler,'6 : ..-i....M08- 7. 1- ' 1 n .: 2 1H: 6 4 \/« 10'- Jenkins. 1 .... ' 10 20 20 6
¦1735-|Ca«dale, G ":..". ; V. 108 '- '8 j*6 $4 gv-i? '¦**•: Jl Bullroan<;.; ; J 10 ! '¦ 15 : " 15 : ,t .
Time— 70 ' yards> :04% :V%r :^24% ; •¦ H.';" :49 ; '. %. <: 1 :15% ; ! «n^ 1:42%; ¦ lm" 70yds: l:47Vt.' ¦ : Good' start)
. ¦ Won; ••.slly.,' Second 'and 'third ¦ driving. uWlnner, I>."-H. Barn«»' b.m. by George Klnney- ¦
Alraa'H.* Anderson always held her company safe. • Wlakenshaw did his best. ; and - that
. '. Un' t much, p Joe Rlpley gav« j out ' earl jr. * Casdalo « In '• poor i condl tlon.* ~ Scratched— Oil ve 105 *
¦• Mary,; Klnsella- 105,; Lotlger, 107.^ Bmy^M<)pre.lO7,<Whaleback 107."' i *' -.v' ¦• -: ¦ ¦
There Is but little going on at this time
in National Guard circles, as all inter
ested are waiting upon the action of the
Legislature on the/military bill which was
introduced some time ago and which has
been, favorably reported upon by the Com
mittees on Military Affairs. Should the
bill become" a law, then An active interest
will be taken in the several organizations
and strenuous efforts will be made - to
filace the guard on a more solid basts than
t ever has been in its history.
The several companies in the two local
armories are drilling every week and the
men are showing considerable enthusiasm
¦In the duties they have to perform. : The
commanding officers art also active in re
cruiting men far their companies, while
the battalion majors are making arrange
ments for battalion drills.
..The returns of the several companies of
tho. First Infantry ;ehow the following
general average of percentage at the last
held ' muster and Inspection. Company I
being in the lead: • •¦
Field staff and band. 100; Company A, 81.86;
Company B. 83.02; Company C, 88.91; Company
D,- 81.85;. Company E. 83.84; Company F, 83.78;
Company- O,,: 87.96 ; K Company H. • 80.84; Com
pany I, 90.63; Company K, S6.1C; Company il
81.94; Company M. 85.13.
NATIONAL GUARD WAITS.
FOB THE MILITARY BILL
Activity in the Local Armories — Per
centage of the First Infantry
I,: Regiment.
MOBE LITIGATTON OVER
THE SWEENEY ESTATE
Attorney Jarrett Will Pile Other
Suits in Opposition to the" '
-Deeds.
From present indications the legal com
plications over the estate of Thomas U.
Sweeney, who made his name known by
every person who visits Strawberry Hill
by his donation of the observatory on the
top of that mound, are to become still
more complex. Already three suits have
been filed in the Superior Court to Bet
aside the deeds given by Sweeney to his
nephe'w, Charles S. Brundage, shortly be
fore his death. Following these , suits,
Attorney I. E. Jarrett, who filed them,
has in. preparation other suits from the
relatives of Sweeney's : deceased wife,, to
whom several lots were given In a will
made and never revoked by the deceased:
Attorney Jarrett claims to. have law
and facts by which his clients win knock
the bottom out of the gift deeds alleged
to have been made by Sweeney when on
the point of death and at a time when he
was said to-be of unsound- mind. The
other suits will be placed on file Just as
Boori as Attorney Jarrett : collects the
data of which he Is In search. In any
case It ' will be several years before the
heirs - will ' be In a position to- reap, the
benefits of an ¦ unlncumbered estate free
from, litigation.
Lecture on. Hubber Culture.
A- very Interesting lecture; Illustrated by
stereoptlcon -views, will be delivered- by
Mrs. 'Frona Waite Colburn on "Rubber
Culture in Soconueco, Mexico." at Metro
politan Temple on. Wednesday evening,
February 6. ¦ • - ¦
Mr. and. Mrs. Colburn' have -Just re
turned from a tour Southern Mexico
on muleback; and have brought with them
very many. .entertaining i incidents- and a
great fund 'of Information on the.cultiva
tion of the rubber tree. . ¦ , '¦
The lecture , will be Interspersed with
Spanish songs and Mexican music by Pro
fessor Lombardero's sextet - of . mandolin
and guitar, players. ¦ ' • ..
Favor High Licenses.
A resolution adopted at the meeting of
the Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs last night favors air effort- to have
Inserted m all of • the platforms of the
political parties a plank demanding a
higher grade of license on whisky sa
loons. The contention of the club mem
bers is that the saloons do not contribute
toward the expense of carrying on the
municipal government' an amount com
mensurate ..with the protection given
them. ' '
Merrily Going On
Is the bankrupt sale of shoes. 1506 Market
street. To-morrow there will, be offered
for sale 1000 pairs of- shoes for ladies,
misses and children, none worth less than
$150. for only 25c a pair. This sale will
start at 9 a. m.. and not before, at the
bankrupt sale of shoes of the California.
Shoe Ccmpanyr 1506 Market street, near
City Hall avenue. Frank • Plpher, Re
ceiver. . •
nor riding the favorite, let The .Bobby
cut out the running for a mile and a
half. Then Advance Guard picked It up,
and only" leafing, finished under wraps.
Roguish . Bangor sulked with Sloan, los
ing the show to Greenock. • .
3 Eleven^ fairjy?. matched three-year-olds
made up'~the nerd : in the- fifth . event, 'a
severi-furlong"- run. .• Buchanan had "ithe
mount ort. the- favorite, Moonbrlght, .and
was, never in it. , Always in a good posi
tion! Tommy Burns landed Grafter, a 5 to
1: chance, first, three lengths before Toah,
the Dunne entry. Scallywag .blew up
aftrr leading to the stretch.
The la'st; event on the card, a mile and
seventy yards selling event. ! went to
Brownie Anderson, ridden by Henry, and
second choice in the betting. Henry
brought the mare in from third position,
and with pounds in reserve beat Walken
shaw. the favorite, five lengths. -Burdoc,
at odds of 25 to 1, ran into the show.
Xearly every one of the nine starters
in the .steeplechase was accorded more
or less support, finally resulting lnLord
Chesterfield, -a 13?-nounder, !; being sent to
the'post a -slight 1 , favorite over Koenlg,
Lomo anrt'Credor the~!att<vr. carrying top
weight; lffT'pounds.'V' Chesterfield took the
major portion of the obstacles In front; hut
flattened out badly after the last bunch
of evergreens had been covered: Credo,
piloted by Sutherland, won hands down.
lx>mo and Koenlg came'to grief. at the
fifth .jump, giving their riders nasty falls..
Favonius and Zoroaster were ; the
absentees from . the Eclipse stakes, over
on*' nillo 'and, three-quarters, valued at
$2425. The conditions allowed" Advance
Guard ' to drop in with; 105 pounds, and
still as. good. as 3 to 5 could be had about
the iron horse. As an act of courtesy,
mare than anything else, "Winnie O'Con-
keep up the first part, but was closing
very strong at the finish.
WITH 5000 spectators breathless
ly waiting to see a terrific
struggle for supremacy In the
three-year-old division.' Irre
pressible Tommy Burns astride
Canmore defeated Articulate, i Rolling
Boer and Brutal for the^yveepstakes yes
terday at Tantoran Park.. '•.;¦'':*!' ','-, ¦'•' '•'¦¦•
Instead of witnessing a blood-curdling,
halr-Bplittlhg. rtnish, where the cruel | lash
sank deep Into the flanks of the foam-be
spattered steeds, their gory nostrils emit
ting fire, smoke and lava and their .sides
dripping with red blood from the 'cruel
steels, Canmore won by two lengths, with
Articulate second, a half-length in front
of the favorite. Rolling Boer.
From every standpoint. the race was dis
appointing, and the fact that Tod Sloan,
who seems fated not to -. win a stake or
purse event, piloted Articulate and lodged
a complaint of foul riding against Burns
.with the Judges- leaves a dark-brown,
parched taste in the mouths of many. Ad
mitting that a breeze sharp i enough to
send a clipper ship along at a slxteen-knot
rate was a facer for the horses on their
way home; th'ere was no early pace. Can-.
more, the leader throughout, crawled 'to
the quarfer in :26?i and hit the half in :51
flat. The three-quarters was covered In
l:15»4 and the full mile in 1:42. ,
Passing the spectacular part over for
the. nonce, as a speculating affair it was
a pronounced success, as every four out of
five patrons of the sport possessed a dif
ferent opinion rs to the ultimate outcome.
Each of the four starters carried . 115
pounds with the 'exception of Brutal,
which got in three pounds' lighter. Xash
Turner was going to work wpndersjn the
form of Rollins Boer.- the stable folks all
said, so the bookies took the tip ar.d made
Billy Cahill's colt an 8 to 5 favorite, at
which price coin enough to overload' a
furniture car went into the tin boxes.'
Brutal had worked. a mile in 1:42% with
out rulfllng a hair, so reported, and with
Winnie O'Connor In the n"nt -h"""" *">d
the next call at 2 to 1. Tommy Burns rc>
placed Mounce on Canmuie, U fcUai.iiu<.e
in itself that Walter Jennings' pride
would get away from the post this time.
Still the odds slumped till 17 to 5 was pro
curable at post. call. Kven with the
doughty Tod to guide him Articulate was
the rank outsider of this fashionable
quartet, 4 and 5 to 1 being quoted In pro
fusion. Nothing daunted by the chalk,
Mr. Lopez thought the brown colt a cer
tainty, and his. friends from the coursing
park, who turned, out in large numbers,
were down to a man.. . '' •*. '.,
As expected. Canmore. tried a few fancy
antics at the post.' Finally- catching', all
four straight. Starter Dwyer released the
barrier. Rolling Boer, first away, bumped
Articulate slightly, undoubtedly an .un
avoidable occurrence. , Neither .Sloan,
O'Connor nor Turner. seemed Inclined to
Bet the pace, so Tommy Burns slipped
away on. Canmore. op'ening up -a igap^of
Bix lengths going rthe .first quarter,
O'Connor on Brutal 'was first to take after
him, and when half the route- had * been
covered looked ; a . winner. Then: . he
flunked. Canmore ' was first into »the
stretch by two lengths, with Articulate. in
hot pursuit and closing fast. Three-six
teenths from the stand, with Artlculate's
head at his flanks, Canmore, under severe
urging, bore out, just- as' It looked as if
Sloan allowed > his colt . to swerve- -in.
Surely going the strongest," Canmore drew
away; winning by .two lengths. When it
was too late Rolling Qper came on, finish
ing a close third.* . -_ . .. *
Immediately on returning ¦ to dismount
Sloan claimed a foul against Burns and
a large crowd collectfd, around .the stand.
Each rider was in turn questioned, but.lt.
was like endeavoring -,to-iind. the .-ages-of
a Chinaman. After. some minutes of de
liberation the official* decided to : let . the
race go as the horses^had finished. -After
donning hia street clothes Sloan declared
In positive terms that Burns had deliber
ately interfered with Articulate and Mr,
Lopez says the colt will not* be -started
again in California. Burns iwas ' equally
certain he committed no breach ' of turf
etiquette. Rolling' Boer ran a. poor race and
Brutal .a worse one. .There will -be jang
ling and .wrangling over the outcome for
some time to como. . ". ,. ¦.;¦.. ...
It .was a day replete With surnrlses/
Advance Guard,' .winner of the Eclipse
stakes, being , the lone . choice to ', reward
the confidence : of I favorite : players. The
betting was; almost "fierce _' at*, times and
the bookmakers : had all ! the I better,, of; the
affray.;- ,.¦::-_ ¥ j -.-¦¦'.'¦ ." r ¦•:¦¦<?"»..••- ''.-¦ ;: 1 ; :-.-.-
Owen Mounce' opened the ceremonies by
taking the introductory six furlong sprint
with Bedeck, against which 60 and 60 to 1
was laid.- . Tod . Sloan t.was . carded to ' ride
the - Schorr : entry;.- Joe : Frey, carrying 103
pounds, and from .twos '.the " colt's 1 odds
gradually.droppedto 6 to 5/ Bedeck, 1 * un
der superb handling, ran with exceptional
speed and .gameness. and 'In a ; furious
drive earned the decision In a' three-neck
finish from the- favorite and .The Pride.
Favonius, the second chojee,: could .not
By F. i E. MTJLHOliL-AN-D.-
Chairman Knowland of the
Assembly Investigating
Committee Hers.
- Assemblyman J. R. Knowland, chairman
of the committee appointed by the lower
house of the Legislature to ' Investigate
the San Francisco Police Department, ar
rived in the city last evening. The other
four members of the committee will arrive
here to-morrow night. They will, on their
arrival. Immediately hold a meeting at
the Grand Hotel. At this . meeting the
committee will receive legal advice and
will learn definitely how far it can go in.
the matter, and whether it can enforce
the attendance of anv- persons whom It
may be desired to have testify.
Assemblyman Knpwlaml spoke freely
last evening on the coming investigation.
¦ "There is no Intention on the part of the
committee," he said.' "to regutate or In
terfere with San Francisco municipal af
fairs. We are down here to ascertain if
the gambling in Chinatown is as bad as
some people claim. At present we have
no knowledge of the evil. All the evidence
we have is merely hearsay."
"When do you expect to begin your la
bors?" Knowland was asked.
"The committee will all be down here bv
Monday night, and we will then hold a
meeting. We have sought legal advice,
and we wlll.be Instructed as to our rights.
By Tuesday evening we ought to be ready
to hear testimony.
"If the State laws are adequate, then
we will not try to make any new ones.
We shall first try to find out if the State
laws are enforced In regard to gambling.
If they are not we will take steps to see
that they are.- On-the -other hand. If we
find that the police are powerless for lack
of laws we will make new ones to stop
the gambling evil. The members of the
committee are free from any bias— in fact,
none of the committee Is influenced by
any local conditions.' To sum the matter
up in a few words. I' believe that we can
not interfere with the police, but I think
that It Is In our power to investigate to
find out If any new. laws are needed. I
wish it understood, however, that we do
not wish to Interfere with the local gov
ernment. I believe that the police are will
ing for us to investigate their department,
and -will do all in their power to assist us.
"I have seen in a San Francisco paper
that we are only coming: down here to
draw extra pay. I wish to contradict this
statement. We will receive the same pay
as we would if we • remained in Sacra
mento. We 'have to pay our llvlnsr ex
penses. "We have brought down a clerk, a
stenographer and a sergeant at arms.
These jr.en would be drawing salaries if
toey were in Sacramento, so the State win
not be under' any extra expense. I hope
that we can arrange to use a courtroom
while we are holding the investigation, so
that we can save this expense of rent, if
possible. We will work night and day In
order to get through as soon as possible."
The other four members of the commit
tee are E. L. Webber. L. Schillisr. Eli
Wright and J. W. Laird.
COMES TO PROBE
GAMBLING EVIL
to give. He admitted having moner
enough to buy drinks, and when pressed
for Information as to where he got It he
said he had soaked his subpena with the
clerk of the Western Hotel and had ob
tained $2 50 on It. He told a lame story
of the tight between Foote and. Truman
and declared that stories he had previ
ously told were not true. He denied that
he had at any time had a conversation
with Gaskill In which Gasklll told him
that If he should be sUbpenaed to appear
before the committee he should go to
Foote and Foote would tell him what ha
should testify to. He denied that on thn
train last night ha had asked Older
whether he should "support Foote or
'throw' him." and he denied a half hun
dred other things he has. heretofore been
talking freely of. The only interesting 1
thing he did say was that now and then
there was a quiet little game going on In
GaskiU's room, and he knew that "Foote
had lost 2500 francs there one night. He
added that Foote was "occasionally ono
of Mr. Gaskill's welcome guests."
Older was then allowed to make a. state
ment regarding his interview with Den
nis. He said: ..
"Dennis called on me on Monday, and
I asked him to go up to Sascramento to
testify before the committee. He post
pened his answer, and came back a^aJn
in an hour with his brother, who told
mo It rvas not wise for Dennis to go up
to testify, aa he would make powerful
enemies; but on • my suggestion, the
brother said Dennis might testify In re
sponse to a subpena/ Yesterday a sub
pena came to the city for Dennl3, and wo
came ur> on the 6 o'clock train. On the
way up Dennis asked' me: .
" 'What am I going to do? Shalt I up
hold Foote, or *hall I throw him down?* "
"I told him he should tell the truth.
Dennis said if he testified to the truth
Foote would kill him, and I told him X
didn't think anything -would happen to
him. I told him not to be a free witness
and ramble on and' tell a great deal more
than he was questioned about, but to an
swer any quesxlons that were put to him.
When I left him I advised him to go
straight to bed and not to drink any, and
when he left he said he would go on the
stand and tell the truth. He has come
on the stand and has denied everything
he loM me."
A. J. Davidson, owner of the gold speci
men wMch was supposed to have been
damaged, was called to tell his story- Ha
said he had made no claim from the in
surance company nor from s the Commis
sioners, nor would be ray tftat the speci
men was damaged by design.- He said it
probably had been damaged by being
dropped. He added, however, that he ha«l
an agreement with Gaskill that. If Gaakill
could sell the specimen for $5000, Gasklll
was to get 10 per cent of it.-
Davidson's testimony has ended the
specimen episode. It is probable the In
vestigation will fizzle out after this, for
so far -there has been nothing definite
shown and such .charges as have been
made have been pretty thoroughly
thrashed out.
WITNESS MOORE SAYS
FOOTE WAS CALIFORNIA'S
BEST EXHIBIT AT PARIS
Declares the Commissioner Was Always at
His Post Murdering French and English
in Praise of the Glorious Golden State
Special Dispatch to Tfca CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— The Paris commission
found a champion in A. A. Moore- Jr. this
auernoon and In him W. W. Foot© found
a good friend. According to Moore, Footo
was the best exhibit California sent to
Paris. |
"He knew everybody and everybody
knew him." said Moore, "and everybody
wanted to know where he came from.
He was as eager and willing to give in
formation and to make people feel at
home as a floor walker In a dry goods
store." ¦ - •
Then Moore launched forth Into a glow
ing description I of Foote, pouring hot air
Into the extended ears of visitors from all
parts of the* world, murdering both
French and English in his frantic efforts
to make himself understood 'and dis
coursing learnedly on all subjects con
nected with the State, from the budding
industry of silk culture to the latest
phase in po-litics. As an advertisement.
Moore said, Foote was worth to the Sta.e
ten times more than the exhibit. He con
sidered that, failing to obtain the privi
lege of a collective exhibit, the Commis
sioners had done the right thing in estab
lishing such headquarters as they had.
As to the reported revelry and carousals.
Moore said he never saw anything of the
kind. He described the place aa being
as chasto as a preacher's study and even
had there been carousing, he said, it
would not hurt the State by shocking the
morals of Paris, for Paris has no morals
to shock. Had all tnree Commissioners
gone pn a tremendous debauch and re
mained there, he eaid. it would not have
hurt the State a bit in the eyes of Pars.
Regarding the headquarters themselves,
Moore said they were beautifully fitted
up, and he added that during the time he
spent in Paris he always found Foote
there. Truman, he said, he never saw at
all, although Truman was In town, anl
Runyon had already come home. Moore
believed the money spent had been well
laid out. • , , ' *u
Fremont Older was sworn .during the
afternoon. He was asked upon what he
had based . the articles which have ap
peared in the Bulletin, and he said they
were based upon letters he had received,
statements of people who had visited the
exposition and with whom he had spoken,
and interviews with attaches of the com
mission. He was asked if Mills had given
him any information, and he said Mills
had not. but had given, him the names of
several 'persons who would give Informa-
Aridrew Dennis, the negro steward of
the Pari3 headquarters, was. thep called.
Dennis proved: to be a witness with a
startling lack of memory. He did not re
member anything he had ever said to any
one nor'anything that was at. all definite.
It was known that when. he\came to town
last night he .had a conversation with
Ga'skill. but he denied that Gasklll asked
him, anything about the testimony he was
HALL EXONERATED
FROM ALL BLAME
Coroner's Jury Listens to
Barber's Graphic Story
of the Shooting.
The lncuest over the body of William
Irving Shannon, the young burplar shot
and killed last Wednesday night at 122
Taylor street by Edward H. Hall, a bar
ber, whose room he was In the act of rob
bing, elicited some Interesting details
from Hall on just what passes through
a man's mind when he feels the barrel of
a loaded revolver in Ihe hands of a des
perate housebreaker pressed against his
body. '""¦-'!: • '
"While I grappled with Wilson," said
Hall. "I felt as' though I was belngr shot
full of holes from tip to toe." Continu
ing, Hall told of - having wrenched the
menacing revolver from the hands of the
burglar. Wilson, and of having fired a
shot at him and a second shot that killed
Wilson's companion. Shannon.
Mrs. Hattie Levy, the' story *of whose
dramatic recognition of Shannon while
the bnrgrlar was In bis death throes at
the foot of the sta!r3 In the lodging-house
as the man she had surprised In her rooms
three weeks before was told in The Call,
repeated her experience and graphically
described the scene Immediately after
Hall began shooting. Mrs. Levy lives on
the ground floor of 122 Taylor street, and
she saw the whole affair from her door,
being attracted there by Wilson's cries
for aid when he closed with Hall.
Autopsy Surgeon Louis Bacigalupi tes
tified as to the nature of the wound which
was fatal to Shannon and showed the bul
let that caused' hjs death. Other witnesses
were R. C. Cohran. Amelia Baptist, John
Green and Policemen iWllson and Joy.
The jury remained out but a very short
time and Returned with a .verdict com
pletely exonenrting Hall, who thanked the
Coroner with a warm handshake and went
hi3 way. . .
MEN'TO, Feb. 2. — Ausemblyman. Myeri of
Kings County has come forward with,an
other coyote scalp measure, this time a
Myers* Coyote Bill.
CALX. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
Hutchire Vlrpinia Jameeon. Anna C. Jewett,
1/ulu E. Kaerth Johnston, Loma E. .Jordan,
Elizabeth C. Klotz. Clara l«each, F. Itylen*
LewiR, Anna Llvinsrootf. Adflle M. Lucy. Gladys
X McCarty. J. H.. Mitchell. Mary B. New
ton. Man' L Kicfcole. I»u Eeville Torter. Til
lie A. Prlnrle. Uobert M. IJinkin. Marian "E.
P*«.vcr, Annette Shane. Hay B. Spencer Sharp
nack. Arthur K. Sh<3i.t«. France* Simmon*.
Annie E. Slnaott, Alice M. Smith, Mrs. Clara
Smith. Eliza Thornae, Nellie M. Thorp, Ida
Vanderjrcw, Mrs. T. H- Vestal. Clara Wolf
Ward. Elizabeth A. WInn. Corallne K. Wocxl
bnrr. Mrs. I. M. WyUie. Myron Young.
ended In the draft of a bill, which will be
Introduced next week. The bill ic a com
promise measure,' taking the good feature*
cf two bills — one already introduced in the
Senate by Devlin and the other drawn up
by State Superintendent Kirk, who in
tended to have it introduced within a few
clays. Attorney General Ford, in a. recent ¦
opinion, declared that it was lawful for j
tiic Siate Board of Education to procure .
copyrighted matter to use tn the eumpila
tioa of textbooks for the schools of the
State. This was good so far as it went, f
but there was no way for the State board i
to acquire copyrighted matter, and so the j
board set about uevising a plan oy which
the right could be made of some avail.
Superintendent Kirk's bill, which was
read at the meeting to-day, provides tha I ;
The Slat* Board cf Education. In compiling j
or causing to be compiled or revising, as now
required by law. textbooks for Ube la \X\t !
common schools, may r..a».u use of and adopt,
» ix.fi or without charge, all or any part or any
textbook *>r plate of cotter thereof at the
tirr.e existing, and if 6'ich existing textbook
or any part or plate thereof desired to be so
used by eaid board *hall at the time be copy
righted and ¦ eaid board cannot lawfully make
use of ea!d textbook or copyrighted matter
or part or plate thereof without consent of
owner of the copyright, then 6ald board may
purchase or otherwise procure for the State
from tiie owner the right and the means
•whereby the use cf fuch textbook or copy
righted matter or plate or part thereof may
be had, upon such terms as said board Khali
deem reasonable; irovided that, in the jude
xnent of eaid board, such means will secure
for use ia the public schools of the Plate a
satisfactory textbook, st a cost not exceed
ing what would be required to compile, with
out such copyrighted mailer, & textbook of
equal merit.
It Is further provided In Superintendent
Kirk"s bill that the State board, when fix
ing the cost of State textbooks each year,
may add to each book sufficient to pay in
t he" aggregate for the copyrighted matter
It contains.
Senator Devlin's bill takes a different
course. It provides for the formation of
a textbook commission, composed of two !
commissioners, ea.cn to receive a salary
of $3000 a year, and the State • Printer,
whose duty would be to purchase copy
righted matter for use in the compilation
of textbooks. It is also provided that the
commission shall have a clerk at a salary
of $2400. The bill further provides for a-i
appropriation of $2<».' to be used for -the
purposes of the commission.
The bill suggested as a compromise for
these two lakes a middle course of creat
ing a commission, composed of oae com->
missioner at $2)00, the State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction and the State
Printer, which *=ha!l have the duty of pur
chasing copyrighted matter under the
tupervipion ot the State Board of Educar
tlon. The bill will provide that all acts
of the textbook commission shall be ap
prsn-ed by the State Board of Education,
and that it will require flv«s" favorable
votes to approve any act. The bill also
reduces the salary of the clerk to $1300
and retains the appropriation. '
Pre?iC»-nt Wheeler of the State Unlver-
Fity rpoke of his investigations of this
pubject while he was on his recent trip
East. He said there were a frreat many
valuable books which the State could
procure for we as textbooks if the State
Board of Education were only on such
Ice-al footing in the premises that it
could treat with the holders of the copy-,
rights and the publishers In a business
¦way. The opinion of the Attorney Gen
eral declared the board to be competent
to purchase what copyrights it pleased,
but there is nothing to show whence
the board may draw the necessary money.
The Attorney General suggested this re
etriction. however, that the books must be
made m this State and by the State
Prlr.tor; but it has never been the inten
tion of the board to have the work done
otherwise. The board intends. If the bill
go through, to have all the mechanical
work done at the - office of the State
Printer and all that will be purchased
outside the State wi!l be copyrighted
matter and plates. At present, in the
sbsence of a definite understanding and
a lack cf funds, the State board has to
¦write Its own books and compile Its own
natter, adopting from other textbooks
when available, but -without Infringing
upon copyrights. As all the best text
books are copyrighted, the board of nec
essity has to pass over all the best ma
terial, or write now books embodying the
good pclnts of books already successful
and of undoubted value. # It means that
the public schools of the State are de
barred from the use of what is best in
the line of textbooks and the compromise
bill which will be submitted by the State
"board, will. It is hoped, be th»» means of
obtaining' the best material available. .
In addition to the meeting to consider
textbooks, the board received a report
from the Credentials Committee and in
pursuance of this report granted the fol
lowing diDlomas: ¦
Lif edlplcraa* of the High School grade— Mr*.
Elizabeth M. Babcock. Jamie Maud Blanchard.
lizard U Hunt. Georga Whitefleld ¦Wright,
James J. Rippeto^
Life d'plomae cf the Grammar School grade—
G W*. Johnson (duplicate).
Educational diploma* of the Hleh School
rrade— R. II. Mitchell. Allan P. Saaborn. G.
11. Wilkinson. ¦ •
New lMue life diploma*— Lizzie A. Clayton.
Hay Cooper. Emma. L». Doherty.
Educational diplomas of the Grammar School
trade— Hester Aoamson. Daisy Alford, Bessie
liaker. Kute Glendinning Baldwin. Julia Beggs,
Gertrude Ilrown. Mabel M. Chubb. Mamie
Connelly. J. J. Daily. Lulu B. Davis. Jesele
3?. Ditbrow. Harry Donnelly. Eugene H. Doyle,
Jessie Alice Lmtin. Maude Gray Eyre. Olive
May Farr-ham, Mary Wildes Ford, Millie Gax
dette. Myrtle A. Green, Mary Hendricks, Car
rie latix-r, Mabel Jaroescn. lrma R. Levy,
Hen-let J. Lewi*. I^aura I. Lowdon, Robert
C MacDonaJd. Mary Eugenia May. Ella May
Jlartin, Kittle O. Martin. Bertha McGray,
Jcsepb F. McKn'.ght, Gertrude McNamar. Lula
lilies. Agnes A. Montgomery, Alice Mulcahy,
Kittle Murphy. I>»-wis M. Naron, Cyrus Ntw-
Icve Mary F. O'Hara. Com M. Otto. Srvphlo
J.. Peatereon. Mra. Bertha Pllcher. ' Mrs. - Fan
¦ r.ie Scott. Charlea A. Shannon, Jean E. Smith,
Alice G. Button, Olive E. Tftollcr. George Ed
rr.undB Townts. Frank Elwln Turner. Julia
Campbell Wasson. Charles Weddl«. Effie West,
Alice Clarke Wheeler. Fuele E. Wlcdman,
JJelen C. Wight. Kittle Huneaker Williams,
Hanson Delmer Wylie.
Life- diploma* of tha grammar school irrade—
Feverinus G. Astreler, M. Rosna Andrews,
Martha E. Blair. Joseph Ruffln liorden. Anna
Moore Buaiong. Lydla J. P. Bunker, Margaret
IJurchell. Charlotte Chandler, Nellie M. Chope,"
Ella J Curtin. Amy Clark. Mrs. Annie Ellen
XVjyle William P. Doyle. Rebecca E. Dreyfus.
Mrs Clara Holt Fountain. May Evans. Wal
lace E. Feenaty. Emma Frances Ferguson.
E4r.a Sti^tz Goodwin, Amy Goodwin. Frances
Uracken Gould.. Angle Gray. M. Minnie Gray.
Charles F Hart. Bernard C. Healey, C. Orae«
Henfirlckion, J. -S. Henneasy. Kate E. GHder
Horn. Mrs. Erfltn Smith Humphrey, Mary
DRAWS UP A COMPROMISE
BILL TO GIVE CALIFORNIA
SCHOOLS GOOD TEXT BOOKS
State Board of Education Selects Best Fea
tures From Measures Proposed by Sen
ator Devlin and Superintendent Kirk
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2— The subject of tex»
books was discussed at a meeting of the
Elate- Board of Education to-day, and ac
tion was uiken which, if the plan can be
carried through, will provide a means
whereby the State may take advantage
of the best textbooks in the market by
purchasing the copyright or by paying
royalties on the books. . The discussio-i
general one and unconflned by county lim
its. His measure allows a bounty of $2
on every coyote ecalp, payable at the op
tion of the county Boards of Supervisors
and upon thoir certification to the County
Treasurer. The bill provides that half the
bounty shall be paid by the State and halt
by the county in which the claim orig
inates.
PROPOSED BOND .^ISSTJE
OF A MILLION DOLLARS
Bill Providing 1 for the Completion of
the Seawall in San Pran
cisco.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-.
MEXTO, Feb". 2.— Assemblyman Ca.vag
r.aro has Introduced a bill providing for
a bond Issue of 51,000,000 by the State Har
bor Commission for completing the sea
wall at San Francisco, and to provide a
sinking fund for interest and redemption.
It Is provided that the Statft Treasurer
Ehall prepare en issue of 10,000 bonds in
the denomination of $100, the bonds to
bear interest at 3\U per cent per annum,
and be payable at the office of the State
Treasurer twenty years from their re
spective dates. The bonds shall bear dato
of January 1 or July 1 ol the year In which
they are issued, and they shall be paya
ble "on the same dates. At the expiration
of twenty years from the date of their
issue, the bonds shall cease to bear inter
est, and the Treasurer must pay them
out of the sinking fund.
It is provided that no more than $200,000
worth of the bonds shall be sold by the
State Treasurer at one times he to Bell
them at public auction and for not less
than par value. It is provided further
that when authorized to do so, the Treas
urer shall sell the remainder of the bonds,
provided that at no lime shall he sell
more than $200,000 at any sale, and that
in all cases the State of California shall
be a preferred purchaser, at par, of iho
whole or any portion of the issue. The
bonds are to be ordered sold by a board
consisting of the Governor of the State,
the Mayor of San Francisco and the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners. These
are to meet together and determine when
each new sale of bonds shall take place.
It is provided that this auestion shall
be submitted to the people at the next
general election and mat it .shall be de
cided by a majority of the votes cast for
and acainst the proposition.
». .
SENATE COMMITTEE
VISITS POLSOM PRISON
Senator Belshaw Praises the General
Condition of the Insti
tution.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. . SACRA
MEXTO, Feb. 2. — Senator Belshaw took
Senators Luchsinger, Greenwell, Tyrrell
of Nevada and Nelson, members of his
Prisons Commission, lo visit FcJsom, to
day.' They left at '7 o'clock this mornini;
and returned this evening. The commit
tee inspected all the buildings, the kitch
ens and dining rooms, the commissary de
partment, the office methods, and the
discipline, but there was no time to make
more than a passing examination of any
thing. Many complaints were received
from various sources, but none of them
were gone into, because of lack of time.
In speaking of the result of the trip.
Senator Belshaw said to-nlgbt that the
general condition of the. prison was good,
and the discipline as good as that at San
Quentin. The requisition system that has
been established in the Folsom peniten
tiary he particularly commended.
It is Belshaw's idea to suggest that a
committee of holdover Senators investi
gate fully both prisons, and make a re
port to the next Legislature. The com
mittee will report to the Senate early next
week. • •
HOTJKIGAN- AND COI/LINS
SHOW INSUBOBDZN-ATTON
Mi£ed Because They Have Not Been
Given a Few Junketing
Outings.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2.— Senate concurrent reso
lution No. 5, providing for the appoint
ment of a joint committee to arrange for
the reception of President McKinley and
carrying an appropriation of $1000, -was re
ported from the Senate to-day. Johnson
thought it should go to the Ways and
Means Committee, since It appropriated
money. On suggestion of the Speaker, he
moved that it be printed in the Journal
and made a special order for Monday.
Hourlpan and Collins of San Francisco
were the only members voting In the
negative, a fact developed by Hourlgan's
demand for a division.
Fisk approached Johnson and Pendleton
later with, an explanation of the peculiar
stand taken by Hourlgan and Collins. He
Eaid they were showing insubordination
because they believed they were not get
ting enough plums in the way of junket-
Ing trips. He said if they were to be kept
In line they would have to be provided
with something In the way of a little trip.
Pap 23 to 32
CARPENTER- IB ACQUITTED.— F. L. Car-
penter, special officer, charged with assault -to
murder .for shootfnjr Frril Wallesen ¦ during a
row in a taloon at CC2 Seventh' «treet, ; Novem-
ber 19, . was acquitted by. Judge Cabanles yes-
terday on the ground cf self-defense.Hopes to Regain Favor
of the Present.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
RICHMOND,' Ind.,- Feb. 2.-Jockey Tod
Sloan, who is now. in California, has writ
ten a letter to his parents statihe that
n© will return to England early in March,
but will spend a week at his old home
before sailing:. He has engaged passag?
from New York to Liverpool. The sudden
death of Queen Victoria and the accession
of his friend and patron, the Prince oi
Wales, to the throne may mean much to
Sloan. Although the former prince, aa
the result of public clamor, canceled his
contract with. him for the coming season,
he yet remains a friend and' admirer of
the American Jockey. Sloan ls certain
that nothing- of a,n Improper nature can
be proven against* him in his conduct on
the race course or paddock. He was some
what broken in health on his return from
England in December, but by roughing it
in tha West he has built himself up and
Is as strong and .rugged as ever.
Will : Cross the Ocean
During Next
March.
TOD SLOAN
GOING TO
ENGLAND
NDRTH of Market street and south
of Market street divided the am
ateur boxing championships of
the Pacific Coast at the Olympic
Club last' night. By far the
best fighting of the tournament was seen
in the finals, and every championship was
honestly and fairly woi).
With one exception the medal and belt
winners represented the Olympic and the
San Francisco ! Athletic clubs, and the
struggles for the first honors lay. in many
instances | between these two organiza
tions. But the boxing did not furnish the
only amusement of the evening. Herman
Oelrichs, donator of belts, and Greer Har- j
rison occupied the oratorical seat. for a
time, Eaying many nice and pleasant
things. .Oelrichs' speech was a sensation,
calling for as much applause as the hot
test iistlc bout on the programme. « Oel
richs, by the way, has promised gold belts
for the Eastern- Western championships
in March. For this Interest In the sport
pugilistic he was . Introduced by Greer
Harrison as a patron saint, and then he
made 'his speech, very much like his post
prandial Pacific-Union efforts when wine
has cheered and stomachic delicacies have
reddened the blood. He said he would ln<
dulge in "hot air," and he did. There was
no mistaking It.. He confessed aloud that
he would rather be president of the Olym
pic Club than any old president, even of
the country or the -Stanford University. ••
J.- Fields of the Olympic Club and W.
Snailham of the San Francisco Athletlo
Club opened the programme with a warm
fight for, the bantam championship. Eager
for the mix-up, both men fought In give
and-take fashion throughout the 1 round.
Snailham swung a • right cross , on I Fields'
chin and scored a temporary advantage,
but at the end '. of the round both ' were
fighting fiercely. ¦ The second spell -rt-aa
Just as I fierce, Snailham forcing matters
and administering severe head .punish
ment upon his adversary. Fields' strength
enabled -him to take the medicine, and he
fought -back gamely and strongly.
The third round took the crowd off its
feet and unloosened every throat horn
In the building. 'After grilling, battering
work Snailham ; caught Fields on a vul
nerable « spot of ' the • chin > and - then pep
pered away at body and- head until the'
gong sounded, the only thing that could
save him from going out. Snailham re
ceived the medal from Greer Harrison,
amid the plaudits from a. 'wildly enthusi
astic and up-standlngr, crowd.
The second fight was for .the welter
weight championship,' M. J. " Breen and
W..J. Finke, both .Olympic Club, men,
behig 1 the ; contestants. • For - one round
and the better, part of . the , second Finke
was . cautious, allowing Brf en to ; score
some ¦ few, points, but then there came , a
mix-up and it; was all .day, with: Breen.
who i received- a' stiff jolt : on the Jaw. € He
did : not care , to get up. so the medal and
championship ; went to the' incumbent.
Finke won the championship of the United
States last year. -•...:...;¦; -._-., ,
- -This is where Harrison * and ,'; Oelrichs
broke : in on the fistic entertainment. -«-> ,.
,v D. Danziger and W.: J. Leonard skirted
Oelrichs' speeoh," which But the ' crowd In
AMATEUR BOXING CHAMPIONSHIPS ARE SETTLED
AT THE CLUB ROOMS OF THE OLYMPIC CLUB
PACIFIC COAST AMATEUR BOXING CHAMPIONS.
Bantam — W. Snailham, . San Francisco Athletic Middleweight — J Millett, San Francisco Athletic. *
Club. Light heavyweight—Charles Gallivan, Pacific Ath*
Featherweight — D. Danziger, Olympic Club. letic Club. ; .
Lightweight — James Britt, Olympic Club. Heavyweight— A. ' J. * Gallagher, San Francisco
Welterweight>-H. W. Pink*, Olympic Club. Athletic Club.
Results at New Orleans.
ICETV ORLEANS. Feb. 2.— Results:
One mile, F'-lllng— Trebor ¦won. Jockey Joe
•econd. Jim Conway third. Time, 1:43^.
Three and a half furlongs— Lena. A won.
Blue TU4re second. Ardll third. Time, :4J.
Kteepl«>cha»e. ehort course — Donation ¦won,
SJIsb Raaeorn eecond. Isen third. Time. 3:04>i.
Handicap, cae mll« and & Blxteeath— Aloha II
wen. Anile* second. Intrusive third. Time,
Ownera* bandicap. alx furionge— Tom Klng»
ley won. Buanaer second, L.. Pilct Jr. third.
Time. 1:1X
fieUlng, f'.x furlong*— Gertrude Elliott won,
Oallopin aecond. Claude Welter third. Time,
USJfc.
QIVE every man thy ear, but few
thy voice," would be a splendid
quotation for one R. J. Preston,
a guest occupying room 482 :ln
the Palace Hotel, to have framed
and hung up in a conspicuous position. In
his home.
Preston arrived from Colorado Springs
on Thursday, and was very modest in his
demeanor until, early yesterday morning,
when he oozed Into the Palace Hotel bar
about 2 o'clock. .K. O.'. McCormlck of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company and
"Jack" Wilson, the pet of the Bohemian
Club, were Indulging in a nlghtbap. when
•Preston decided to let the good people of
San Francisco know that, up to that time
he had been hiding his ' light under a
bushel. . • . - . • ..
Preston's Introductory remarks to Mc-
Cormick and Wilson were somewhat fa
miliar,, but by no means offensive. . He
modestly shouted that he was the presi
dent of the lead trust syndicate and that
his salary was $1000 a day; that he had so
much money he did .not know how he
could cremate it. He then requested the
two gentlemen to have a nlghtcad with
him. After -liquid refreshments Preston
became more communicative. The feats
of the- late Steve Rrodie. the bridge
Jumper, paled into insignificance by the
side of the thrilling experiences that
Preston had encountered.
McCormlck managed to flag Preston,
and from his personal experiences the
conversation drifted to the subject of the
big horserace that was to take place at
Tanforan' yesterday. It developed that
horseraclng was Preston's pet fad, and he
immediately commenced to enlighten his
listeners to the fact that they were talk-
Ing to the man. who had at one. time raced
the biggest stablq that ever happened.
Just as the conversation drifted Into these
channels Tod Sloan walked Into the bar
unobserved by Preston, and thereby
hangs a tale. •
Preston's tongue, in the slang of the
racetrack,, was then "running a mile In
1:46 in the mud." His stable, he claimed,
was as large as Whitney's, Lorillard'a
and- Daly's put together. On being asked
why he retired from the turf. Preston ex
plained' that he , was disgusted with all
racing matters.
"Why, you know this fellow Tod Sloan,
that la out here now,'* he explained, "he
can't beat a carpet: He used to ride for
me at Washington Park and all those
places, but I got on to his. crooked work
and when I paid him off I just told him
what I thought of him."
This was a solar plexus blow. for Sloan,
who had been listening to the conversa
tion, and . the . little jockey's eyes wero
nearly popping out of his head.
After this broadside Preston decided
that what he had told the good people of
Frisco "would- hold them for a while"
and started to", walk out of * the bar.
Sloan followed him to the corridor.
"Say, stop a minute!" .shouted Sloan.
Preston, who is nearly Bix feet tall.
COLD WTNTJ SWEEPS OVEB
PB.ESIDIO GOLF IAN KS
Several Interclub Contests to Shortly
Take Place Between Oakland
and City Teams.
Though there was a good attendance at
the Presidio links yesterday, the strong
northwesterly wind made play far from
pleasant, and few felt Inclined under euch
adverse conditions to engage in round
robin tournament matches. One very
close match, however, was played be
tween Wcrthington Ames and R. H. Gay
lord, the former winning 1 up on nineteen
holes. Hardly one-fifth of he sixty-six
matches la the tournament have eo far
been played, the points won being as fol
lows: H. B. Goodwin, 2 from J. \v".
Byrne and 2 from Worthlngton Ames,
total 4; J. TV*. Bryne. 3 points from II.
<3olcher; L. O. KeJlogg. 1 from J. "W.
Byrne and 1 from R. II. Gaylord;.H.
Golcher. 1 from S. L. Abbot Jr.; R. H.
Caylord, 1 from Captain D. J. Rumbaugh;
"Worthington Ames. 1 from R. H. Gayloru.
H. Golcher and R. H. Gaylord tied in
the!r match.
It is proposed to get up a match over
thirty-six holes between teams represent
ing class B of the San Francisco and Oak
land Golf Clubs. Vice Captain P. E
Bowles will confer with Warren Gregory
early in the week and the match Is likely
to begin next Saturday. It -will be a home
and-horae tournament, eighteen holes ca
the Presidio links and the same number
on the Point Adams course. Vice Captain
P. E. Bowles of the Oakland Club will be
asked to pick out ten of the best Ss.n
Francisco golfers, who will be barred
from the teanu and the representative of
the city players will select the same num
ber of Oakland men,, who will be inellg 1 
ble to play.
A match over seventy-two holes, thJrty-
Elx on the Presidio course and thirty-six
en the Oakland links, will shortly ba
played between Oakland and San Fran
cisco teams consisting of one professional
and one amateur. Robert Johnstone and
B. D. A damson will represent the city
golfers, while Horace Rawlins and TV. P\
Johnson will be the champions of the
Oakland Golf Club.
To-morrow morning, at 9:33. there will
b« Women's foursomes, ¦with handicap,
over eighteen holes, on the links of the
Ban Francisco Golf Club. The following
couples will compete: Miss Morgan and
Miss Drum, Mi!=s Crockett and Miss Ha
ger. Mies Maud O'Connor and Miss Jos-
Frlyn, MIfs Rowe and Mrs. R. G. Browi.
Mrs. Scott and Mi?s Carolan. Mrs. Green
has also entered, but as yet has no part
ner.
GOVERNOR
WILL STOP
THE FIGHT
Jeffries and Ruhlin Not
to Meet in Com
bat.
•y. >
Ohio's Chief Executive
Makes Positive
Statement
CIXCINXATT. Feb. 2.— Although thm
Mayor of Cincinnati has issued a permit
for a ten-round bout between Childs and
Martin and a iwenty-round bout between
Jeffries and Ruhtin in thia city on Febru
ary 15, it is evident now that the events
cannot be pulled off without coming In
conflict with the whole power of tha
State, as well as with the opposing ele
ments in this city.
M^yor Fleiachmann has persistently r«
fused permits for local fights or boxinff
contests of anv kind, but, In sympathy
with the old Saengerfest Association, he
promised a permit for their benefit on*.
February 13, and kept his word, notwith
standing: the storm of local opposition. It
is not believed that Mayor Fleischmann.
will go any further than he has gone in
issuing the permit.
The brother of Mayor FIeisch.mana la on
Governor Nash s staff, and both Fleisch
mann brothers are close frlenda of tha
Governor, personally and politically.
George B. Cox. the Republican leader in
thi3 city, has oeen opposed to the fight
from the start on politcai grounds, and
other Republican leaders, including tha
senior Ohio Senator, have been opposing
the event under a Republican city admin
istration, so that great political forces
have been against the fight, whilo tha
commercial interests generally and thosa
In sympathy with the Saengerfest board
have been in favor of it. solely for tha
.relief of those v/ho are responsible for tho
Saengerfest deficit. Notwithstanding ail
the developments here and at Columbus
to-day no official action toward declaring
the fight eft will be taken by the Saenger
fest Athletic Club until after th« proceed
ings in th'e case are heard before Judgo
Holllster next Tuesday.
The directors of the Saengerfest Athlet
ic Association have been in constant ses
sion to-day, and to-night gava out tha
following correspondence:
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Feb. 2.— To h!« Exc«l
lency Governor Nash, Governor of Ohio, Co-
lumbus: The undersigned believe themselves
ju3t aa law-abiding citizens of Cincinnati aa
those who telegraphed on January 29.
Eminent attorneys assert that there Is noth
ing Illegal in the proposed boxing contest and
we are satisfied that there la nothing preju
dicial to good order or the standard of morais
in it. We believa this plan for ralslnsr money
to pay the deficit Incurred in extending tb«
hospitality of our city toward visiting strang
ers Is entirely proper. The Saengerfeat waa
neither- a private enterprise nor was th« re
sult of It due to any negligence or bad busi
ness management. 03 has been erroneously or
maliciously charged. Th<» debt concern* tbs
city* a honor, which should stand equally aa
high in the world aa its morals. The Sarager
fest board are entitled to the sympathy and
support of the people and they should not ba
assailed and hampered by legal proceedings.
The above dispatch was signed by tho
John C. Roth Packing Company and 10O)
other leading business men and firms of
Cincinnati, and the autograph signatures
and list were sent to Governor Xaab, by.
mail.
The news from Governor Nash and from
the meeting of the Saengeriest Club soon
reached the training quarters of Jeffries
and Ruhlln and caused consternation
among the pugilists. No estimate could
be learned from Manager Madden or Run
lin as to how much thoy would stand los
ers, but it was estimated that Manazer
Brady would be out about $10,000 on ac
count of the engagements he had can
celed for Jeffries and the expense he haa
been under here for the past two months.
Harry Hoffmeier, who was a member
of the last Legislature and who thl*
month assumed the d-itlea of Prosecutlns:
Attorney of thi3 county, to-night received
the following letter from Governor Xaat:
I have watched with some degree of anxiety
the developments la Cincinnati in an effort to
bring oft. on the 15th of February next, a
prize-fight, or what is known aa a boxing ex
hibition. I fully believe that the proposed af
fair Is to be a prize-ficrht and not a boxln*
exhibition. The enly way by which men's
motives as to the future can b« Judged Is by
their act3. Judging the promoters of this af
fair by what has been done and la now be
ing done. 1 can reach no other conclusion than
the one indicated above. Two of tha most
noted prlae-flehters In the country na.va been
engaged as the stars. A man has been ae
lected as a referee whose sole fam« consists
of his reputation as a Judge of prize-fights.
Tee principals have been brought to Cincinnati
and are being prepared for th« contest witH
all the skill and care which men ara> prepared
for prixe-flghta. A large prize is offered to
the contestants, to wit: a percentage of th«
gross receipts, a much larger percentaga to th«
¦winner than the loser. The hall whers th«
contest is to take place is prepared Jnat as
halls are prepared for prlze-flshta. Seats an
being sold at from $5 up to £5 each. It Is
beyond belief that ordinary m«n would
pay these large prices to witness an uninterest
ing boxing match. These are only a portion
of the earmarks which indlcat* what ttoa af
fair is to be. I think that every promoter
when he solemnly asserts and finds & person
who believes that the affair Is to be a boxing
match must smile in his sleeve. I sea that a
proceeding has been brought before a Justice
of the Peace under section 7117 of the revised
statutes of Ohio for the purpos* of arresting
the persons Intending to engage In tha coming
prize-fight.
To-night the following was received:
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 2.— To th« Saenser
fest Athletic Association. Cincinnati: You ar*
GEORGE K. NASH. Gorernor.
unfortunate In your preparations II til* affair
is to be simply a boxing contest. The aigzm
all point unerringly to a prUe-flffht. I will
be governed by this evidence, and tisa affair
will not be permitted. It yon persist yoa will
find yourselves in conflict -with all tlio power*
of the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Feb. 2.— Secretary James
Howard of the Washincton Park Club,
•who has b»en busy during the past two
weeks straightening out the tangle of en
tries for the great American Derby, to be
run on Washington Park track June 22.
has completed the list and will announce
It to-xnorrow. Over ninety "names have
been handed in for the Derby and over
1400 horses entered for the different
rac*s of th^ twenty-five days' meeting'.
All crack three-year-olds of the country
•will be here, among them the champion
of the Pariric Coast, us well as the pick
of the etriiiRT from Kastern etablos. Sec
retary Howard announced to-day there
had been larger entry lists In the past
but never have the nominations been of
such a high grade.
• Some of the entries for the Derby event
are: Garry Hermann. His Eminence, J09
FTer, Alard Scheck. Itobert WaddeJI, Ar
ticulate, Rolling Boer. Canmore, William
Ack. Beau Gallant, Ballyhoo Bey, Brutal,
Thompson's Bros.' entry, TVr, Al Brown.
Krarkfort. Sad Sam. Silurian. Kenilworth.
Rio de Altar, Kazan, Azim, Lord Roberto,
Bencart, Bonnie Lissak, Royal Victor,
Wall Guesswork, Red Signal. Bengal.
Handyman. Wild Pirate. Harry Heio
<S«en. Proposal, Sllverdale. Commando act!
Lady £chorr.
Champions of the Pacific
Coast Among the
String.
More Than Ninety Crack
Three-Year-Olds to
Start
ENTRIES
FOR DERBY
AT CHICAGO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901
JOCKEY SLOAN TACKLES BURLY
TRADUCER IN THE PALACE HOTEL
SELF-STYLED "LEAD TRUST KING" RECKLESSLY ACCUSES JOCKEY "TOD" OP BEING CROOKED WITHOUT
BEING AWARE THAT THE SUBJECT OF HIS REMARKS IS WITHIN HEARING. THE FIERY LITTLE-RID
. ER IMMEDIATELY GOES ON THE WARPATH. 1 .
turned round and with a condescending
smile encouraged the midget Jockey to
approach him.
"Do you know who I am elr," sa'.d
Sloan, peering up as far as " Preston's
watch chain. . . - .
"No, sir, I don't," replied the man from
Colorado Springs. C
"Well, sir, I wish to inform you that I
am Mr. Sloan and I wish to have an ex
planation for your remarks In regard to
my crooked riding for you. I never rode
for you in my life, and in fact, sir, I have
never seen you before;" ; •
The last remark did not ruffle Preston's
composure at all, in fact, he followed
Polonius' injunction to Laertes, "Beware
of entrance into quarrel, but being, in.
bear it that the oppressor may beware of
thee."
With. a knowing wink Preston emiled at
Sloan and said: * . ....
•¦ "Well^ I' don't think you are the most
honest' man in the world.'* . '
This laEt remark made Sloan furious.
With a threatening gesture, he shouted;
"You are - not responsible for your ac
tions to-night, sir, but to-morrow, sir, you
shall answer to me. Yes, sir, to me."
What the result of the altercation be
tween Sloan and Preston will be is hard
to imagine. Should Sloan- call his oppo
nent out they may decide to fight with
broadswords at fifty paces.
Lato yesterday afternoon Preston wa«
still confined to his room. There was n
bunch of mall _ and telegrams In his box
at the office, but he was too Indisposed to
read them.
Act of Players' Pro
tective Associa
tion.
/ —
Must Be Recognized or
Will Fight to a
Finish.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 2.— The opin
ion prevails to-night that a boycott
against the National League is the result
of the meeting of the Players' Protective
Association this afternoon. TTae I Ameri
can League was not represented at the
meeting, but from the resolution adopted
it is evident that a distinct understanding
between the Players" Association and
that. league exists and that the National
Association will cither have to recognize
the Players* Association or fight to a fin
ish. The resolution says:
"Members who last year played in the
American League are authorized for the
coming season in that league only, the
new contract agreed upon between said
leagrue and our association. However, all
such members are advised to send their
contracts to the association at once for
inspection before signing.
"So member shall sign a contract to
play in the National, the Eastern League
or the American Association until further
instructions,"
SAN" DIEGO TEAM LEADS
THE SOUTHERN LEAGUE
Wins an Easy Game From the Al
I*evys — Iburgr Batted Out of
the Box. .
SAX DIEGO. Feb. 2.-By .defeating the
Al Levys to-day and because the San
Bernardino team was defeated in Los
Angeles by the Maier &. Zobelein team,
the San Diegos take first place In the
Southern League with ten games won to
five lost. San Bernardino have won eight
and lost five. Levys have won six and
lost . seven, and Maier & Zobelein have
won four and lost eleven.
The same started out to be the same
sort of a pyrotechnic display that Los
Angeles was treated to a week ago. Sun
Diego batted out nine runs in the first
three innings partially because Ham
Iburg's arm was not in good shape. He
was relieved in the fourth by Hartwell
of Arizona, who was able to hold the
locals down. Doyle, who was In the box
for San Diego, was takun ill in the fourth
inning and was retired. Devereaux iin
ished out the game. The two umpire sys
tem was tried with great success, almost
ail the kicking which has become a men
ace to popular baseball being eliminated.
The score was as follows:
BAN DIEGOS.
• AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaox. as, p... 5 0 1 1 0 2 U
Donlln. lb 3 2 1.0 9 0 1
Eagan. p. es 4 1 1 1 0 1 1
Drenr.aa. c. f 2 2 0 0 10 0
Artllanes, £b 4 1 2 0 1 S 0
Bowman. 1. t 3 2 2 4 4 10
Klauber, r. t., 8b... 4 1 0 0 3 1 0
Work?, c 5 2 3 18 0 0
Doyle, p 1 0 0 0 0 10
Taylor, r. t 2 0 1 1 10 0
Totals S3 11 11 T 27 11
AL LEVYS.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Harrey. 1. t :... 4 1118 0 1
Hart. 2b '. 4 0 1 0 12 0
Stemfeldt, • Jb « 12 0 111
Durban, e. f 4 1 1 1.00 0
Lohmao, c 5 0 1 0 7 2 0
Decker, lb 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Franrkf,. f« 8 0 0 0 1 3 0
Little, r. f 3 1 « 1 2 0-0
Iburp. p 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hartwell. p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Total* .V..25 A 7 3 27 "'VX 2
RtJKS BY IXXING3.
San Diegos....' 2 2 6 10 10 0 e— 11
Al L«vy8 2 10-000001—4
SUMMARY. .<
Earned runs— San Dleg-oe'l. Al Levys I. Home
run — Donlln. Three-base hit — Arellanes. S Two
base hits — Bowman, Works. Struck out By
Doyle Z, by Devereaux 4, by Iburg 3, by Hart
well 4. Bases on balls— By Doyle 1. by Dev
ereaux 3. by Iburg 4, by Hartwell 3. Passed
balls— Works 1, Lohman 1. Hit by pitcher—
Drennan, Stemfeldt, Dungan. Missed third
strike— Lohman t. Left on bases— San Diegos
7. Al Levy" S. Time of game— 2 hours and 5
minutes. Umpires— L. C. Works and Charles
Van Horn.
STA2TFOE.D VICTOR.
Defeats Fireman's Fund Nine in a
Close Contest.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 2.—
The first baseball of the season here
was played to-day by the Fireman's Fund
and Varsity teams, and went to the col
lege men by a score of 10 to 9. With the
exception of one inning the game was in
teresting throughout, the evenness of the
score tending to add interest to the work
of the two nines. From the standpoint of
college athletics the game was Important,
as it gives a line on the probable strength
of the Stanford aggregation. It was
shown that Stanford has an abundance of
material and will turn out a strong team
as soon as a battery is developed. Traeger
seems to be a find as a backstop, while
Bennett and Parker are good, steady
twirlers. ... ....
BOYCOTT
NATIONAL
LEAGUE
proper spirit for the fight Both the box
ers are Olympic Club men, but they fought
determinedly nevertheless. In the first
round Danziger had a slight advantage,
but in the second Leonard crossed stiffly
with his right, jarring Danziger heavily.
The third rountl increased in intensity
from start to finish. Little Danziger
fought all the way, landing on Leonard
often and hard, winning favor with every
blow. Leonard did not fight with his old
time cleverness, but this does not lessen
Danziger's victory, on account of which
he will wear a handsome medal and a
handsomer belt.
Then came the lightweights, J. Britt,
the Olympic Club terror, and J. A. Rock
also Olympic Club. Britt fought in his
usual crouching style, delivering his pow
erful left and right short-arm blows when
ever the opening showed. He was alert
cautious and ever ready. The end came in
the third round, when Britt delivered a
couple, a left and right, on the head.
Rock went dovn on his back, where he
remained for several seconds. As he was
out for all fighting purposes Referee
Smith marked Britt as the winner. Jim
my now has another chest ornament.
The middle-weight championship fight
was between F. Wegener of the Olympic
Club and J. Milieu of the San Francisco
Club. Wegener aa a fighter is distinctly
sul generis and he lost nothing of his
sleepy manner last night. As the first
round was nearing completion Milieu
thought Wegener was ready to go to bed,
but not wisely, for Wegener came close
to ending the fight with a right on Mil
lett's chin. The second round was full of
Bound and fury. Wegener caught his op
ponent with some very heavy Jolts and
Milieu fought back in good style. In the
third round Wegener's open and go-to-bed
style proved his undoing. Mlllett got
there with several on tne chin and Weg
ener went down on hl« haunches. HU
seconds threw a wet sponge In the rins
bo Mlllett got the medal and the belt.
The light heavy-weight championship
was in the hands of Charles Uallivan
Pacific Athletic Club, and W. Sutherland
West Oakland Athletic Club. Galllvan
was nervous in the first round, but other
wise comported himself well in avoiding
Sutherland's swings. In the second round
both men piled -straight lefts with fair
execution, Gallivan dropping Sutherland
once by the use of this blow. The third
•was Gallivan's. left pokes in the face and
right lashings on the body doing: the trick.
He got the decision that, brought with It
a medal, a belt and the championship.
The last of the championship battles
was between A. J. Gallagher of the San
Francisco Athletic Club and Thnmas
Lynch of the South End Rowing Club,
who moved up from the light heavy into
the heavy-weights. Gallagher brought
all his soft weight and cleverness with
him and for two rounds fought in scien
tific fashion. In the third he Improved
and used his left on Lynch's jaw con
tinuously. Gallagher was an easy win
ner. •
H. W. Klnke and James Pallas fought
a special match. Pallas refused to meet
Finke on Friday evening because Finke
had drawn- a bye. Pallas was therefore
ejected from the -¦ tournament. Without
any caviling? Finke demonstrated his su
periority by hammering Pallas all over
the ring. Finke got the decision.
Anderson Files Affidavit.
. Charles J. Anderson has filed an affida
vit in opposition to a motion made on
behalf of his wife. Grace M. Anderson,
for alimony pending the disposition of
her action for divorce on the s^ound of
cruelty. Anderson says his wife left him
and went to Sacramento, but returned to
the city and took rooms at the Knicker
bocker lodging: house. He visited her
there, he continues, but she refused to
return to him unless ho deeded her his
property at 721 Ashbury street. This he
did, he says, and furthermore lntrustei
her with stocks and bonds of gTeat value,
which are still in litigation. He further
states that the value of his Klondike
properties is purely speculative and that
outside of $3000, which he need3 to develop
the same, he has nothing. Henca ha
praya that hex motion for alimony be
24
ADVEBTISEMEETTS.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
V__ ' W« answer the ques- • Strictlirt*
tlons briefly. If you JUItlUlC
flP**-v~-~f -ssF!X cut an artery In In 15 days, -without pain. Injury or lneoa-
/ '^CW»* i^m your arm you do venlence. The bougies ar» Inserted at
/ «V^^M not tnkp internal ni?ht and act while you Bleep. "Gran-
3SS tia^ra mtH3lcine to stop the Solvent" removes every symptom of
/ *5^ 'x^iisaS ' flow of blood. YOU stricture. leaving the canal as healthy
V\ m\X 6/JSWl USE LOCAL. AP- as when nature formed it. NO BRUTAL,
SJ «Sw«W^ PLICATIONS. Sim- CH'TTIXG OK DILATING. NO INJEC-
F* ™ T lllarly when the ure- TIONS TO IRRITATE THE MEM-
V Nfe«< thral ducts become JJRANE. NO INTERNAL DRL'GGINO
j!m /<\SYm^^. weakened and re- TO RUIX TIIK STOMACH. The St.
<4&7 \/ VPwffi^iSr laxed it is rldlcu- James treatment is local, direct and poai-
•w*F*mX-J-& IIMW . j oug to tajjp internal live.
treatment, which must pass through the Vorirnr^lA
•tornach and urine before it reaches the . T ai IwUCClC.
aeat of disease. The seminal ducts project Varicocele la tin accumulation of slug-
lnto the urethral canal through -the Pros- grf»h blood In tho veins of the scrotum,
tate Gland, and are easily reached by U> due solely to imperfect circulation, and
•CAL ITiEATMENT. The St. James treat- has its origin in a diseased anrf torpid
ment Is prepared In the form of crayons. Prostate Gland. Operations in this dis-
v*ry narrow. ¦ smooth, flexible and wholly ease are only temporary, and no me-
soluble. which are inserted Into the water, chanlcal device yet discovered has cured
passage at night, where they dissolve a single case. Gran-Solvent heals tha
and deposit th« medication in its full Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
strength upon the . .*. ' Varicocele disappears ami the Klussrfsh
Prostate G land , - - -. ?^ u bioodV on ls replaced by pure - h «*»^ y .
Contracting and strenRthenlnR the fiuets. 13.S46 men strictured, weak, wasting and
S?i- EV KR STOPPING 'drains and >mis- despondent were cured and restored by
•Ions, and eurinff^wlillc the patirat.sleepi. the St. James method last year. A va/t
T*£i^— Ca J?i? r Ji p ran :, s olventV soluble army of men In whom tha light of Ufa
g - v - i&^^StiS^?**"* 9 ot -
Every iWan Should Know Himself,
Space will not permit a complete' description of the incompar- icm ypp> rmj — ¦
able St. James treatment in urethal diseases. Every sufferer B flg Hi
from Stricture and its offsprlnfr. Prostatitis and Seminal Weak- K tl 3 3 U
ness, should write to the St. James Association. N. \V. cor. Fifth 8L_ Bf*f Pg, &¦
and Elm streets. Cincinnati. Ohio, for the'.r wonderful illustrated §f" H*ft K^ W 3
work showing: the parts of the human system invol^d In urethal i « 3 J| t\
ailments, which they will send securely wrapped in plain pack- m H H fl^, g^
HOME TREATMENT CA2r B1E T! !S :T> -BT XH1! pattemtas roa
St. James Assn. j 250 Elm St:, Clncirinatl, 0.
GUINATTO CASE DISMISSED.— The case of
.Antonio Oulnatto. bootblack, charged with
man*lau»rhter. vh dismissed by Ju<1t» Ca-
toaulsa yesterdajr. On New Tear'a morning
GuiRatto came out of a saloon at Green and
Kearny street* and firfd five shots from Ms
revolver at the crowd. One of the bullet;
rieochetted and etrack Francisco Duneco In the
eye. osuplr.gr bis de&tb three wwks later.
Bowel Troubles: Caused by over-work! Over-eating! Over-drinking! "No part. of the human body receives
more ill treatment than the bowels. Load after, load is imposed until 4he intestines become clogged, refuse to
act, worn out. Then you must assist nature. Do 'it, and see how easily you will' be cured by CASCARETS
Candy Cathartic. Not a mass of mercurial and mineral poison, but a pure vegetable compound that acts
directly upon the diseased and worn out intestinal .canal, making it strong, and gently stimulating the liver and
kidneys; a candy tablet, pleasant to take, easy and delightful in action. Don't accept a substitute for CASCARETS.
ir -.^Ba^C»*™^»5^^>w t to I*ii bring a surgeon. — u eweler's Weekly. hav* •
LatflR^^^^^k Vld -I haT « rone 14 day* at a time without n)*~
>^5»»r -XSSiZPySk. VHb\ a On movement of the bowels. Chroulc constlpa- a _ '*8^m$£§-
,&&!£$? J&Q SSA YK*£?k • Oon for Mjven years placed mo In this terriDlo aB * •<-,-.
J&gny j«Tgg«gg»Mft ¦ ¦ Wjpgft * ln " conditions I did eTerTtfains I beard or but nrrer chau lliPlsiil
iffi? aBBJ^HSI - fSfiS»- s -"" : \-A ¦ found any rellefiinunbPKanurinaCASCARETS.
MSitear {my iS»5& I bow hare trom ooe to tlire» paiiueM a day, and car .
/©?**£# &«ST laP ESSIES »on- «f I was rtch I would pive JIOO.OO for each more- ™ • '
FZmlSff SS&f *^ ££%SmF ment; It U each a relief." aylmerL.Hcnt, !"•
A£ggS3 TgSL jnCT^ty "'T 1(589 Unssell St., Detroit, Mlcfa. u«** *
jr. •¦^'-**£j*-.u« ¦ J oniDciy^~* *hxix do !¦***** out* "™%ip* *i^ ci" iffiHtico
* BEST FOR BOWELS AND LIVER. rfdtr
\Z3Sy J^ 6^yifllwiyill 1 1 % *ftTlQl ' NEVER SOLD IN BULK.
THE TABLET DRUGGISTS
»f«". «.d i£ul^« P *K>«* "»-er trouble, »U<m eon- ¦Imllar metUdne In th* world. Xlila la «b«olnte proof of fcreaC merit, pwnd
iii^VS^\^L^J^^Tt^ u^V k V^ a lF* m T\^fT&^S^ tt>am^- "»««•»• «"»»>*. hoaegt trial, *a per ample direction*, amdUyon mn aotwitlifliS
S£^^i?^- K^S^ w ri Wh !t t i!^l^?i B S^r t^ t '« CjWCARBT * to<l »y»«"«»' arter u«lnjt one ftOe box. return the nnuied fiO« box «nd the enpty box to
ru*u 'r^ r J" a^a7u}} t 1 i'5 1 i^A e «lSVl^*. 11 T ° a •?•' * Ottr »»*w*U . p« by jmall, or ike dmmrlst from whom yoa pmchiued It, and *«t your money
•^£^U^tl e«^^»ke^r?ftT B d^ AWABETi »«l«y, u.dtr mm kbMlat* Wk for both boi«. Take oar adTleerjio m«tter what atlla yoa-atart today.
. - - •• . . . . / > MS ,. .. of CAJ»C A KET8. JSowk. frc« by Mall. Addi eTKMiliellCkKUT CO., InlwtirCWMi*.self for the street, out his Amazonian
spouse cut short his toilet by catching
him up bodily and throwing him through,
the -window. The wlnuow was hopelessly
wrecked and Pucci a^aln sprinted for tho
Receiving Hospital, his face hanging !n
a fringe from his lower maxillary. Thia
was too much ' for even Pucci' 8 fidelity.
He sought legal advice and the protection
of the police.
The complaint recites that the plaintiff
has at all times -since his marriagre been ~"
a good and faithful husband: that bis
wife, on the other hand, has negiecto-l
his household needs and forgotten her
marriage vows of love and obedience.
The plaintiff complalna that he has not
been provided with dumcient or suitable
food, 'and has not even been Dermltted to
sit down at his own table no til his wlf©
was through her meals.
Henceforth. Pucci says, he and Mary
must be strangers. She has shattered hi'a
Ideals, fractured bis skull and broken hI-»
heart, and now they part to meet no
more. The Pucci domicle is at TOT Jackson
street.
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.— The bare re
cital of Eugene Puccl's marital
experiences is a tale of woe cal
culated to wring tears from. • tn^
»yes of an anchorite. Pucci has
b«.en married for two years, most of
which time, according to his statement,
has been p'assed by him. In imminent fear
of sudden death.
The injured husband in a complaint fcr
divorce n.ed to-day naively remarks that
his --wife -weighs 190 pounds and possesses
fighting courage proportionate 'o her j-.ze.
Beatings and buffetings have been Puc
cl's portion. Since he wed his robust
Mary, he claims, he has been a stranger
to the toothsome spaghetti, the succulent
garlic. Humbly waiting till his -mistress'
appetite, was appeased at the family
board, he must needs be content with
crusts.
. Pucci says that hostilities began befor-?
the wedding feast was fairly out of the
way. On the second nicht after the mar
riage Mrs. Pucci came home late. Sh»
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
found the door of her new residence
locked against her and summoned ¦ her
spouse to open It, emphasizing her request
with a tap from her »lst -which shattered
the panels and shook the windows. Pucci
protests that he made all due haste to
obey, but that before he could turn the
key in the lock his buxom bride had
smashed the same and entered. He did
not oppose her by word or act; he got out
of her way and devoted his entire ener
gies for some minutes to t.iat end as suc
cessfully as the furniture ot the room
•would permit, but he couldn't get out of
the way of a big pineapple cheese that
came hustling through the air and carried
away a quarter-section of his scalp. Puc
ci confesses that the cheese did the busi
ness; he took a. running: dive through th^
hole left by his wife's fist, heedless of the
chill December air and his one- scanty
garment. .-• ¦
The remainder of that night he. passed
In the Receiving Hospital, but there -were
more nights to come. On one other occa
sion Pucci says that he was about to seek
safety In flight, j He thought to robe him-
DIAGRAM OF THE TESTIMONY THAT WILL BE GIVEXBY EUGENE PUCCI WHEN HE GOES INTO COURT IN
AN EFFORT TO ESCAPE FROM THE CAGE HE OCCUPIES WITH THE LADY HE TOOK AS HIS LIFE'S
HELPMEET. &'<$¦
The Catholic Ladies' , Home Journal, a
new publication, has made Its appearance
for the first time. The paper Is to be
Issued monthly in the form of "an Illus
trated magazine. -The first-number, which
contains much Interesting, reading, mate
rial, gives promise of an excellent- paper.
Tne staff of contributors Include the Very
Rev. T. J. Shanan, D. D.*. the Rev. James
L. Fox/ D. D.,.Dr. ,.B. T. ; de Costa, the
Rev. Father Cuthbert, the Rev. a. - M.
Bearle, C. S. P., Mrs.- Rose McCabe^Mlss
Annie ' Elizabeth O'Hare, Miss . Bessie
O'Bryne, ».irrf. Catherine T. M. O'Shea and
Mrs. E. W. Lallmef. '••¦• '. . « :: -
A New Catholic Paper.
HEALDSBURG, Feb. 2.-Ffarik Crocker
committed suicide, by taking a dose, of
laudanum yesterday. He came here from
Suisun:a week ago and- after a period of
hard diinking procured an ,. ounce bottle
of laudanum and a notebook. -After^wrlt
ins? in the notebook the following entry
"K. Crocker, 660 'Alice, Oakland ;.good-by
to all: bury -me';., he ..went to his -sister's
home and drank the poison. He was dis
covered shortly? afterward,* but was past
human'aid. 'I *'•,,'-" ' ".'••. .!-•'.•;'- :,l^ '*"-.. ;:
ENDS HIS LIFE WITH -,'¦'¦¦ V ; v
A DOSE OF LAUDANXTM
Sotoyome Hotel was opened and $200
stolen early -this morning. A package con
taining $80ft worth of jewelry was J over
looked by the thief. , No arrests have been
made and It is probable that the culprit
will never be apprehended. The robbery
was well planned j and evidently carried
out by eome one well acquainted with, the
habits of the proprietor and the location
of the hotel's money. At about the first
of the month many bills are paid- at the
office. At other times very little money is
kept in the safe. . ' .
J. McDonough, the owner and manager
of the hotel, changed some money in the
safe late last night and neglected to turn
the combination. The theft was not dis
covered u-.til 11 o'clock this morning.
HEALDSBURG. Feb. 2.-The safe of the
THIEF ROBS THE SAPE
IN EEAXDSBUBO HOTEL
caddies of the golf links at this place,
which has Just reached a satisfactory set
tlement, caused considerable annoyance
and no little amusement to golfers who
are here. .The cause of the strike was
the -announcement by the management
that the caddies' fee should be. cut to the
rate paid on the Southern California
links. The .boys uppn hearing this sol
emnly walked oft the links, and ranging
themselves alone the fence outside the
course fought any. one else that dared en
ter the links to caddie. Several of the
boys made themselves particularly obnox
ious, and finally the management agreed
to take all except these back on 'the oH
terms.
The caddies stood- their ground for all
or none, however, and yesterday the man
agement gave In. taking hack all except
the ringleader and agreeing to the former
prices. The strike was especially absurd
because the strikers are such small boyB*
most of them under 12 years of age.
DEL MONTE. ' Feb. ;2.-A strike of the
CADDIES GO ON STRIKE
ON DEL MONTE LINKS
Majors Gets New Trial.
SALT LAKE. Feb. 2.— The Supreme
Court to-day handed down a decision In
the case of James Morgan, alias "Abe Ma
jors, granting him a new trial. "Majors
was convicted of killing Officer Brown
of Ogden in 1899 and was. sentenced to be
Ehot. :¦-¦•¦¦¦ '..•¦¦
Five Men Killed, Four Wounded and
Two Missing, the Enemy
• Losing Heavily.
MANILA, Feb. 2.— Lieutenant Hlcken
and a detachment of thirty of Company
M, Thirty-fourth Regiment, while cross
ing a river Tuesday night were surprised
by Insurgents gathered at Fiesta San Lu
¦Ma. Island of Cebu. They were attacked
In front and on both flanks by a hundred
riflemen find more bolomen. Five Ameri
cans were killed,- four wounded and two
are missing. The insurgent loss is' be
lieved to have been heavy. Captain MaL
ley with a detachment reinforced Lieuten
ant Hlcken. Tliey recovered sonre bodies,
which were I mutilated. Additional' de
tachments were sent and are endeavoring
to surround the Insurgents.
Royal Arcanum- Council Organized.
WHITTIER, Feb. 2.— Whittler Council,
Royal Arcanum,. was organized here last
evening by W. S. Spencer, D. G. R., with
a charier list of thirty members. A'con
gratulatory telegram from Alameda Coun
cil of ' Alameda, which was "organized at
the 6ame hour aa Whittler Council,' was
read.
AMERICAN SOLDIERS ARE
AMBUSaED BY BOLOMEN
Bev. W. H. Springfield and His Niece
Are Now Residents of Wood
bridge.
STOCKTON, Feb. 2.— Rev. W. H.
Sprln&neld, a Baptist minister of Dunton,
Long Island, New York, who deserted his
wife there some time ago, taking with
him his niece, Misa Mary Frances Ker
shaw, and who has since been traced from
State to State by women of the Odd Fel
lows' branch known as the Dausrhters of
Rebekah. is living at \Voodbridge. San
Joaquln County. He and his niece occupy
the same house.
Springfield admits that he is the man
v/anted. but declares that his wife is try-
Irk to blackmail him and says that twice
she attempted to murder his niece but
was prevented by him. He has with him
also two sons, 18 and 16 years old, respec
tively, lie declares that in Long Island
his wife la considered to be of unsound
mind. He says also that his niece Is re
ceiving respectful care from him and is
being treated with propriety. *
MISSING LONG ISLAND
MINISTER IS LOCATED
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
DEATH OF AN' OLD SOLDIEII.— Matthew
Kenny, a. veteran of the Civil War. was found
i.t-K'i in bed yesterday morning at £21 Pacific
ureet. He had t»een eiclc for a. Ions time and
death ttm due to natural causes. Kenny was
ti years old and a native of Ireland.
AN INSOLVENT CARPENTER. — Ziugh.
ITerel. & carpenter of thii> city, filed a. peti
tion In insolvency yesterday In the United
Ftat*-* Pinrirt Court. He owe* $4C4 SO and
fetC HO BfECtE.
FHEA'S CAPE CONTINUED.— The ca»e of
John Kh<"a. the deputy poundkeeper charged
¦with battery upon Mrs. Elizabeth Green. «J4
Clement street, wa« called In Judge Fritz's
court yesterday and by consent continued till
next Thursday.
ROOF FIRE ON SANCHEZ BTREET.— Box
2T5. ax Twenty-rourUj and Cliurch etreeta
brought out the Mission division of the Fire
Department to extlr.jru'sh a fire on the roof cf
a. iwclllnff at ior>6 Sanrhc-z street at 6 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. The loss amounted to
only about J50. which wae covered by insur
ance.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT IjOS ANGKLES-Salled Feb Srftmr
Fanny Dutard. for San Franciwo. w^
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
GLASGOW- Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Ar*rr\a.n. for
Boeton: etmr Sardinian, for Xew York.
NEW TORK- Arrived Feb 2— Stmr New
Tork. from Southampton.
KftllMl Feh 2— Strnr Mefaha, for London.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr City of
Peking, from £an Kranclaco. via Honolulu, for
Iion«kone.
Edward E. Duff, the defaulting book
keeper for Benjamin M. Gunn. real estate
agent. Montgomery street, pleaded puilty
to th« charge of felony embezzlement be
fore Judge Cook yesterday. The Judge
sentenced him to serve four years in San
Quentin. his light sentence being due to
the fax-t of his plea of guilty. ;
Lucien Koch was sentenced by JQcige
Lawlcr to serve five years in San Quen
iin on a charge of burglary. He broke
into ex-Judge Low's room in the Golden
West HotfL Koch ax-hleved notoriety by
stealing the big vase from the California
Hotel about two years ago.
Charles Lowell and Eugene Cereghlno,
•boy 6. were sentenced by Judge Lawlor to
serve on© year in San Quentin on each
of two charges of burglary, the sentences
to run concurrently. They broke into a
freight car of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
In the case of Dr. Ralph A- Huntlngton,
conviete-d of manslaughter in connection
•with the death of Miss Jennie McKown,
his sweetheart. ex-Judge Ferral made a
motion before Judge La-wlor for a. new
trial. The principal point in his argu
ment was that the verdict of the Jury -was
wrong, as the defendant was either guilty
of murder or nothing at all. Assistant
District Attorney Alford will reply next
"Wednesday and the Judge will give his
decision next Saturday.
ington Motion for New Trial
Is Made.
In the Case of Dr. Ralph A. Hunt-
FOUR CONVICTS SENT
TO THE FENTTEXTTAJaY
OAKLANB, Feb. 2.— Judge Hall has
granted decrees of oivorce to Blanche
Anway from J. B. Anway and to Effl*
lllller from C. H. Milter on the ground
of desertion. Mrs. Miller was given per
•mlssion to resume her maiden name.
Hoagland. Arettes Cariwright was grant
ed a divorce from Daniel Cartwrijrht on
the ground of willful neglect. Sadie N.
rrtetz bepan suit against her husband. F.
M Dietz, for 530 a. month maintenance.
She al?o sued for an Injunction restrain
ing him from disposing of $450 cash In
bank. Carlo Musso was given permission
xo visit his infant child, now in the cus
tody of his divorced wife. Julia Musso.
provided he pays the mother V 50 a month
•for the baby's support Charles W. Kohl
has begun suit for divorce from Florence
K. Kx>hl on the ground of desertion.
OaMand Divorce Record.
BERLIN, Feb. 2.— Memorial services for
Queen Victoria were held to-day lnTnany
towns of tho empire. The services at Ham
burg were attended by the Empress of
Germany, the Crown Princess of Greece
and Princess Frederick of Hesse.
Memorial Service in Germany.
BOMBAY. Feb. 2.— The mourning here
was universal. The banks and stores were
closed and trains and street railways
worked on Sunday schedules. Services
were held in all the churches and temples
of every caste or creed. The state me
morial service was held at the cathedral.
Services by All Creeds.
An International Ceremony.
PEKING, Feb. 2.— An imposing Interna
tional military memorial ceremony in
honor of Queen Victoria took place here
to-day. A majority of the foreigners in
Peking and all the members of the dif
ferent legations were present. The massed
bands of various troops rendered suitable
music and 101 minute guns were fired.
CAPE TOWN, Peh. 2.— The city was
draped to-day with mourning and from
early morning streams of people placed
wreaths at the foot of the Queen's statue
in Parliament House Garden. At noon 100
members of the Loyal "Women's Guild
sang a hymn, a pr:cession was formed
and marched past the statue with bands
playing funeral marches. •
Idourning at Cape Town.
to-day aa a tribute of respect to the mem
ory of the Queen. The one exception is
the coffee exchange, which was unable to
suspend business without seriously inter
rupting its affairs here and In the Euro
pean markets. The banks and Govern
ment offices were open as usual, but Wall
street was deserted.
Miss \\ heeler retains her mental pow
ers and has a splendid recollection of
events which have long since become
monuments of tremendous historical im
portance in the growth of the United
States.
M!ss Wheeler was born February 4, 1801,
at Cairo, New York. She was one jf
twelve children, of whom two others are
now living— Mrs. Eunice Crabtree, former
ly of Wheatland..and C. B. Wheeler of
Willard, N. Y. Miss Wheeler's home I
with the widow of her brother, the Rev.
O. C. Wheeler, LL. D., who died several
years ago. The woman who Is almost a
centenarian came to California in 1S75. At
the celebration of her ninety-ninth birth
day anniversary she was in excellent
health and withstood the excitement of
the festivities in excellent shape.. This
year, the most notable of all of the anni
versaries, the relatives will have to be
very careful because of her somewhat en
feebled condition.
position as to anything of physical atte:
tion.
Duly Observed in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Feb. 2.— Both the Chicago
Stock Exchange and the Board of Trade
¦were closed to-day In respect to the mem
ory of Queen Victoria. On Lar.alle street
and other thoroughfares of the downtown
district many American and British flags.
Interwoven and draped with the Imperial
mourning — purple — were displayed, with
pictures of the . dead British sovereign,
framed In black. Elaborate memorial ser
vices were held this afternoon at St.
James Church. The services were atten-1
f?ix by the representatives of foreign Gov
ernment? in a boay and many army and
civic officer?, clergymen and officers of
national societies were present. The great
bell of the church was tolled throughout
the service.
Wall Street Deserted.
NEW YORK. Fob. 2.— With onfc excep
tion the 'changes in this city were closcrl
represented in Los Angeles sat together,
while on the left of C. White Mortimer,
the British Vice Consul who presided,
were a Bishop of the Episcopal church,
a Jewish rabbi, a Presbvterian minister
and the edito.rs of the dally papers.
The services were of a. simple but
impressive character. Beethoven's ana
Chopin's funeral marches pealed forth
from the organ: a choir rendered Severn 1
of the dead Queen's favorite hymns; the
entire audience rose and sang a memorial
ode, written by Mrs. J. H. Browne and
set to the music of the British national
anthem, and -eulogies were delivered by
Bishop J. H. Johnson, Rabbi Hecht, Rev.
Hugh K. Walker and Dr. J. S. Tho.ms ->n.
A solemn silence nrevallcd until Dr.
Thomson rose, but the Britons could not
contain themselves when with fiery en
thusiasm he refuted the judpment of Rab
bi Hecht that the South African war had
hastened Victoria's end. The Jewish pas
tor had paid an eloquent tribute to the
Queen's memory as a noble sovereign and
an ideal woman, but pointed out that she
had listened to Lord Roberts' report oit
January 2 and seventeen days later was
dep.d. Dr. Thomson seized the opportu
nity to declare in vigorous terms that the
Boer war was •*** just and righteous cause,
the result of Kruger's insulting ultima
tum, and that Victoria's victory meant
freedom, constitutional rights and liberty
of religion for fouth Africa. He believed
the Queen had been in the fullest sympa
thy with the cause, however much she
may have regretted Its necessity, and
thought that if her end was hastened it
was simply from her rigid- and extraor
dinary attention to her duty, which was
too great a strain for such an age.
The majority of the audience was ob
viously in sympathy with* Dr. Thomson's
views and cheered him to the echo.
Rev. Dr. Thomson Refutes Rabbi
Hecb-t's Assertion That the
Boer War Hastened Vic
toria's Death.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 2.— There was a
remarkable gathering at Simpson Audi
torium to-n{ght to pay tribute to the mem
ory of Queen Victoria. Fully 3000 people
crowded the building and on the platform
were assembled many of the representa
tive men of the city. The Consuls or Vlco
Consuls of every, foreign Government
REMARKABLE
GATHERING IN
LOS ANGELES
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.— Born with tho
opening of the nineteenth century.
Miss Lavina Wheeler will, on
Monday, celebrate her one hun
dredth birthday anniversary at
her residence. 1653 Grove street. Tho
event will be made a gala day bv the rela
tives and friends of the remarkable
woman. Sho has, despite the long cycle
of years, maintained good health until a
short time ago, when grip attacked her,
but the congratulations of friends are al
ready coming In and with them many
pretty remembrances.
Neither peculiar diet nor method of life
have contributed to Miss Wheeler'3
longevity. She has lived In a quiet, regu
lar way. with ordinary care for- health
and comfort. Among . her close family
connections and intimate associates Miss
Wheeler's extraordinary age is attributed
aa much to her charming serenity of dis-
MISS LAVINA WHEELER. SHE WAS BORN AT THE OPENING OF THE
NINETEENTH CENTURY AND AT THE BEGINNING OF THE TWEN
TIETH RECEIVES CONGRATULATIONS.
The husband fought his wife at every
point during the trial and • has now de
cided to wait no longer. By his action
to-<lay he proposes to put Mre. Fink upon
the defensive. His allegation Is upon a
statutory ground and he declares that his
¦wife abandoned him on October 27. 1S32.
The family troubles of the Finks have
now reached the divorce court stage lor
the third time. Twice Mrs. Fink tried to
procure a divorce, but each time Phe was
unsuccessful In her attempts. Now the
husband has taken a hand. His daughter,
iijrs Alice M. Fink, has been always a
stanch supporter of her mother's side of
the warfare. 6he took a prominent part
In the proceedings a year ago. At that
time, as a part of his cross-complairt.
Fink brought out evidence that was In
tended to show that his wife's conduct
had not been above criticism. Letters
a.nd photographs which Fink claimed to
have found hidden among her effects were
produced and the testimony was along
such lines that upon request of the law
yers on both eides the court heard the
case with the public excluded. Fink's at
torneys aro Reed & Nusbaumer and A.
L. Frick.
Mrs. Fink was dissatisfied with the
judgment and appealed to the Supreme
Court, where the case Is now awaiting a
decision. *¦ - -.
Alonzo W. Fink, the San Francisco pro
duee commission merchant, has turned
the tables upon h!s wife. May E. Fink,
by beginning sun for divorce, accusing
her of desertion. This action reopens the
battle which has been waging between the
prominent AJamedans for a year. Mrs.
Fink started the war in a suit for divorce,
accusing her husbajid of a diversified lot
of cruelties. Judg.j Hall denied the pe
tition after a lengthy trial, most of which
was held behind closed doors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• HIS Broadway, Feb. 2.
After Two Failures of Wife to
Win Decree the Accused
Man Turns the
Tables. i
Husband Now Makes Charge
of Desertion Against
His Spouse.
FINKS AGAIN IN
DIVORCE COURT
STOCKTON, Feb. 2.— Officers of this
county have in their possession facts that
may lead to the. arrest of a young' man
for a murder committed . In Lodi . three
>ear8 ago. -The murdered man was James
Scrlbnt r, father of Othello Scribner of
the brigade staff, National Guard of Call
.torrila. now living at Visalia, where he
It in the United States Land Office. ,The
Coroner's Jury brought In a' verdict of
accidental death, caused by the kick of
a horse, as the. body was found In a
barn, but later developments pointed
strongly to murder, and it is now said
that a confession has been wrung from
Arthur Ennls./who, while Intoxicated,
said ho murdered Rcribner.
Three ofttcers listened at a distance
vhile Krinis told of the killing, but as
they could not hear it distinctly enough
to swear -to 'It* no complaint was flled and
Ennls could ryot be got to make another
confession. He Is now in jail for alleged
theft. The confession was made to a
joung man in a closet at the rear of a
saloon. At that time the supposed mur
derer was anxious to obtain a "job" that
he described as "dead easy," and In
which there was $1000 for each. In tho
supposed murderer's confession was this
statement:
"I didn't Intend to kill old Scrib, but I
cribbed him harder than I thought"
An arrest would have followed this con
fession Immediately had there been uny
chance of conviction on the uncorrob
orated statement of the man to whom It
was made.
Othello Scribner swore to avenge his
father's death, but had not enough tunds
nt the time to press an investigation. He
has made a big strike In the oil fields
and has .just returned from the East,
where he closed a deal involving a" for
tune.
Ennls, the man under suspicion, Is a
son of the late Supervisor Ennis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Loosens the Tongue of a
Young Man Suspected
of Murder.
LIQUOR ASSISTS
LAW'S OFFICERS
*~ —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 2.
Henry E. Hamilton, night clerk of the
Hotel Metropole, has disappeared and so
has $750 belonging to R. M. Brlare, the
proprietor, and to guests at the hostelry.
The police are looking for the alleged ab
sconder, who had been employed only a
month at the house from which he sud
denly fled this morning. <^'.V :'v
. The missing clerk was on duty last
nlgrht as usual, and took In considerable
money from guests, -who were settling
their monthly accounts. 'When % Briare
retired last night there wag; nearly
$1000 In coin and valuables In the office
rafe, to which Hamilton had free access.
When Briare arose this morning his night
clerk had decamped and the money was
gone. So were a number of pictures and
Other small personal ' belongings ¦ of the
absent night clerk.
Hamilton was at the hotel office desk at
6 o'clock this morning. An hour later.*
when the day staff of employes reported
for duty, the clerk was among, those ab
•ent. Briare was nonplused for a time,
and then made a search which resulted in
a hurry up summons' of the : detectives.
Hamilton did not have time to remove all
his clothing. His flight had been so hasty
that he simply gathered a few odd3 and
ends, leaving the bulkiest of his possess
slons. ¦, ; "'-'7
Briare knows little, about his missing
clerk. He was employed through a hotel
bureau in San Francisco. Said Mr. Briare:
"Hamilton came to me a month ago.
He had good credentials, having been a
former hotel proprietor at Columbus,
Ohio. His recommendations were ilrst
class." .
For six weeks before he came to Oak
land Hamilton had been residing at the
Windsor Hotel In San' Francisco. /Briare
declares that the clerk's conduct and
manner were Irreproachable during his
month's stay at the Metropole. The miss-
Ing man Is about 39 years of age and hag
a ministerial, smooth-shaven . counte
nance. He wears spectacles. • •
At polfce headquarters it was rumored
to-night that Hamilton had taken a train
,for Bakersnejd over the SantaFe. Tele
grams with a description of the fugitive
have been sent throughout the State.
Henry E. Hamilton Drops Suddenly
Out of Sight After a Month's
Employment at the
• • Hostelry.
Nearly $1000 Belonging to
Proprietor and Guests
Also Gone.
HOTEL METROPOLE
CLERK MISSING
Art* i .?- it 7, * d r 1 t.
Miss Lavina Wheeler, Born on February 4,
1 801 , Is Preparing to Celebrate Her
One Hundredth Birthday Anniversary.
SHE LIVES THROUGH ALL
YEARS OF ONE CENTURY
THROWS PINEAPPLE CHEESE AT HER
TREMBLING SPOUSE AND HURLS HIM
THROUGH CLOSED WINDOW, HE SAYS
Eugene Pucci Asks for a Divorce From Mary Pucci, Alleging
That She Began Hostilities Almost Before the Wedding Was
Over, and That He Has Feared for His Life Ever Since
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
Ball way Strike in Madrid.
MADRID, Feb. 2.-A general strike on
the Madrid-Portugal Railway, Involving
1600 employes, has taken%>laca, out no vlo,
lence has occurred.
.The alterations on the house at the
northwest corner of Clay and Powell
streets and the rafslqg of the same will
cost Miss Jennie de la Montanya S10.S99.
N. Delbance *vill erect a two-story, attic
and basement frame residence on the -west
line of Scott street, 47:8\i feet south from
Pacific aVenue. to cost $5000.
The MercsrKila Trust Company has con
tracted for a three-story, basement and
attic frame structure on the southwest
corner of California and Leavenwortb,
streets, to cost $3000.
The six-story and basement brick build
ing to be erected by Hartland Law on the
west corner of Annie and Mission streets
will cost $32.7S0, exclusive of electric wir
ing, elevators, plumbing-, gaafltting, sew-.
ering and castlron and steel work.
G. H. Umbaen & Co. will auction real
estate to-morrow. The properties are at
the northwest corner of Bryant and Har
riet streets, on the west line of Folsora
between Fourth and Fifth streets, on the
west line of. Devisadero between Sutter
and Bush streets, 543 and 54," Natoma
street, northwest corner of Chesley and
Bryant streets, southwest corner of Pine
and Lyon streets, 440 and 442 Harriet
street, southwest corner of Jersey and
Vicksburg streets, 225 Eighth street. IS
Valley stret and lots on the north line of
Clipper street, near Church.
Easton &. Eldridge auctioned real estate
last Tuesday and report prices aa follows:
North line of Nineteenth street, 122:« feet east
from Mission. 50x60. with two Oats. $3400; south
line of. Brannan. 137:6 fe«t east from Third 37-s
zl37:6, iMA; south line of South Park. «4:S feet
west from Center street, 113 and 121. lot being
21x87:6. with improvements, $3630; southeast
corner PaclGc and Powell streets, 27:Si«7:8,
with three-story and basement building. $3CCO;
south line of Twenty-nrct street. 33 feet east
from Bartlett, 33:6x90. with two flats, $4&00;
south. line of Aldlne street, 120 feet east from
Wlllard. 27x125, $275; east line vt Thirteenth
avenue. 250 feet - north . from J street. 23xl2t>.
$100; northwest' corner Ashbury and Page
streets. 25x106:3, improvements being residence
uf seven rooms and bath. $3000; east line of
Eighteenth avenue. 78 feet north from Clement.
25x120. $410 for two lots.
The Franklin building, on California
street, adjoining the Bank of California,
will have a. story added and will be other
wise improved.
David- Bush & Son have removed from
14 Post street to 10 Montgomery.. They re
port the sale of tracts in the San Martin
ranch, Santa Clara County, to W. D.
Keyea. W. Bowman, H. O. Parker and
John Pauley for $100 per acre.
Mrs. Caroline F. Robinson will build on
the north line of Pacific avenue, sixty-six
feet east from Baker street.
Stockton and Union; Security Bank t© John
P. Jackaon. for $23.C0O. north line of- Sutter,
west from Taylor; estate of A. C.'Whitcomb to
Alexander \V . and Rose Wilson, for $C0.(*O.
southwest corner of Taylor and Turk; German,
Savings and Loan Society to Hani* Silver
stone, for J32.0CO, southwest line of Sixth,
northwest from Bryant, and north line oX
Turk, east from. Leaven worth: C. H. Hoffman,
to It. C Chambers, for $45.QC<>, southeast cor
ner of Pine and Jones; Humboldt Bank to
Ruby A. Root, Walter H. Llnforth and Charles
W. Judd, for $20,000, northwest corner of Jones
and Geary; German Savings and Loan Society
to Henry and Alice Kahn and Jules and So
phie Levy, for S130.<>00. southeast corner of
Ellis street and Anna. lane; German Savings
and Loan Society to Alice Kahn and Thomas
Magee Jr., /or $90,000. south line of Ellla. 73
feet west from Powell.
Michael "Winter will build three flflata on
the southeast corner of Broadway and
Jones street, the cost of which will ba
about $7000.
German ' Savings and Loan : Society to-' Fer
nando Nelson, for $20, COO. north line of Waller,
west from Pierce." east' line of Hartford, north
from Eighteenth, and west line of Hartford,
north from ¦ Eighteenth ; Hrbernia.' Savings and
Loan Society to the - BersagHert Mutual Bene
¦volent Society. Cor $20,000, southwest corner of
Paul Fleury to the Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society*, for $10,200, properties on Van
Nes» avenue, south from Jackson, and also an
undivided one-half Interest in property on the
west line of Dupont. north from Sacramento;
by the estate of Joseph Ross to the Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society, for $43,000, property
on Third.. street, 120 feet southeast trom Mar
ket the south line of Bush, east from Stockton,
and on the south ltne of Ellis, east from Junes;
by Charles and Jane Kerr to Ferdinand Rets,
for $12,500, property on southwest line of First
avenue, northwest from N street, and the west
corner of Secqnd avenue and *M street, and also
lands in Kern County: Thomas Magee Jr. and
Henry Kahn to the Mutual Bank, for $90,000.
the southeast corner of Ellis and Glasgow; by
Henry K. Bothin to the Hibernia Savings and
Lo.na Society, for $35,000, northwest corner of
Battery- and Merchant:*Caro,llne H. and James
A. Robinson. to the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society, for $12,000, southwest corner Pacific
avenue and Webster street; Ellas J. Baldwin to
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, for $40,
000. northwest . line of Market street. lSS:«^i
northeast ¦ from Eddy, southwest corner of
Eddy and Flllmore, south line of Fell, went from
Webster, • north line of Oak, east from FHlmore,
south line of California, west .from Jones,
southeast line of Stevenson street, northeast
from Sixth, and on property In Los Angeles;
Jefferson G. James and the J. G. James Com
pany to the German Savings and Loan Society,
for $15.000., property on the east line of Howard,
north from Eighteenth,'' and on: the west line of
Shotwell.'t north from Eighteenth; ¦ Charles L..
and Tina Henkel to the « German Savings and
Loan Society, for ,$14,600, west line of Castro
north from .Twenty-first. 1 and on the east line of
Sanchez, nortfi from Fourteenth; by.- Nellie B.
Bernard "to the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety. ¦ for - $49,000. . property, on the northwest
line of Market street, southwest from Sanaome
by R, C. Chambers to the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society,') for $4S,000,' southeast corner of
Pine and Jones; Amelia Aronson to the IMber
nia Savings and Loan Society, for $15,000 north
line < of i union square avenue. . 1S3:4 ¦ feet east
from , Stockton. v
Larger releases placed on record are as
follows: -ITdEalflraMMtiHiE!*'. -
• A. J. Allen to. Ellen S. Montgomery, prop
erties on Twentieth. Guerrero, Sixteenth. Do
lores and Rlley streets. $28,000; Hlbemla Sav
ings and ' Loan Society to Henry E. Bothln.
northwest c'orner of Merchant and Battery
streets. $42,500; Lansing O. Kellopg to the Pa
cific Realty Company, part of Western Addi
tion blocks 172 anU 173. and an undivided one
half of the .southeast corner of Chestnut and
Octavla streets. $15,000; Sharon Estate Com
pany to Herbert E. Law, northwest line of
Minna street, 4« feet northeast from Third,
80xll:Jx?OxlO«xlOxl60x95:3. $140.000. . -
Larger mortgages of the week were as
follows:- : . •
side of old buildings. Modern fiats, especially
of . four and five rooms, are hard to get and
easily rented.
The transfer of property by Mary B.
Harrison to Charles T. and Jennie A.
Crocker, which Involved a consideration
of. $232,562. has already been mentioned.
There have been only a few other large
transactions to record. The principal
transactions' that have been recorded axe
as follows: ' ¦:;*
January, 1901: Transfers of property in the
Mission durinjr. the month. $224,150: mortgages
on Mission property during the month. $1S9.-
S29: releases of Mission property during the
month. $146,396. Considerable property Is
changing hands in the Noe Valley district, and
Guerrero street values are. notably increasing.
A lot which the firm sold on the latter street
a few months ago for $2250 was recently »3ld
again for $2«00. There are few Investment buy
ers noted during the month and the great de
mand seems to be for reasonably priced homes
in fairly central locations, although there are
many fine brfys in flats awaiting purchasers.
In the renting line a brisk demand Is noted.
Timothy J. Crewley has ¦ purchased from .A.*
C. Becker a three-story building consisting of
three flats, on east side of Aehbury -street,
between Waller ¦ and Frederick, for $7500; two
Jlats on the" east side of Clayton street, : 87H
feet south' from Page., lot 25x112*4 feet, were
sold by H: P. ConradytO.MrB. E. J. Mathews,
f or "I65C0;. lot 60x37 Vi feet, on' the, north side of
Page street. 131 feet west from Ashbury, was 1
sold for $5500; lot'on-north Bide bf, Pacific ave
nue, 102^4 feet west from Ilroderlck,' 35x127 feet, •
brouRht *4CC0; lot 23x103 feet. ¦" on the west side
of Baker street. 125 ; feet north of Page, sold
for $2500; lot 30x100 feet, with email cottage,
north side of Twenty- fourth street, 53 feet west
of Capp sold for J2225;' Potrero Land Improve
ment Company sold to Martin Flynn lot 23x100
feet, on the west aide of Minnesota street. 150
feet north of Twenty-second, -brought $1200;
lot northwest corner Rhode Island and Twenty
fifth streets; 25x75 feet, brought $600; lot 25x114
feet, cottage ' of < 5 1 rooms and bath, south side,
of Day street, between Sanchez and Noe. sold
for $1400; -A. -Borel sold to C. ¦ P. 'Ingram, lot
25x13714 feet, on the south side of Hayes street.
113 feet "west of ; Central avenue. V. for ' jnOOl-
Eustace CulUnan'has^purchased from the Pix-,
ley estate 'lot 25x118 feet, . east side . of Stelner
street, 125 feet north of Green, for $J30p;,lot
on the' west aide of Cole street, ! 125 feet • north !
of-Page. 25xlO€U feet,, was sold for $2350; lot
north side of Twenty-fourth street, 60 feet east
of Sam Bruno- % avenue. 25x100 rfeet,< was sold
for $900; lot 25xll2\4 feet, ' new : improvements,
on the north side of. Hyde street.' between Bay
and North Point; streets, ; was sold, for^ $3230. :i '.
'The Doyle-Pryal Company i\- real estate
agents In the Mission, report as follows :
* •'• Lot 30x94, ion the eaat I side of; Julian avenue.*
between '- Fifteenth and Sixteenth ~ streets, , to
M. : B: , O'Meara, for J2I90 ;. cottage ' and lot on
Gates street.-. $1200; .• Tliey report ¦ the ' following
statistics of - Mission i realty - for j the> month ! of
The news of the week of greatest sig
nificance in connection with local realty
unquestionably is that referring to .the
combination under one ownership of the
Southern Pacific and the Union Pacific
railway companies, with all that is im
plied by the large deal. The logic of cir
cumstances has thus fixed San Francisco
as the point of departure and arrival for
all Oriental business to the exclusion of
any other point on the Pacific Coast that
heretofore might vainly have aspired to
rivalry with the metropolis by the Golden
Gate. The enormous benefits to be con
ferred jupon San Francisco realty cannot
be computed. In addition to this the line
now extends from Hamburg to the Orient
under one management. A great stimulus
will 'be given to the marketing of Califor
nia products in Europe. Conversely, im
migration on a large scale to California,
the most eligible place on the Pacific
Coast for homeseekers, will be made cer
tain. The more the facts are thought over
the greater does the future of California
now. appear to be r and ¦ this city, ¦will -be
always the financial and business center.
Thomas Magee & Sons report the sale
for $120,000 of flfty feet on the southeast
line of Market street. 150 feet southwest
from Seventh strct, the lot having a depth
of 165 feet, running back to Stevenson
street, the Improvements being an old
fashioned one-story building. . ,'fhet seller
is E. V. Hull. The. same brokers have
also sold property on the south' llne»ot
California street, east from Montgomery,
for $70,000; also 200x80, with Improvements,
on the' northwest line of Cle'mentlna stret,
betwee'n Fourth and Fifth, for $26,000, and
¦the west corner, of Second and Harrison
streets for $15,000. .
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. report the
sale of the lot nt the southeast corner of
Polk and Jackson streets, for Mrs. Dan
iels, for $35,000, the lot being 112:6 feet on
Jackson and 127 :8Vi on ±*olk street. It is
vacant. ¦•¦;•..-•-.. ...
Lyon & Hoag report the following trans
actions:- ¦/:¦• . ' ~ : • . .
Review of the Prevalent Conditions and Some of the Big Sales
During the Past Week.
25
BBATTLE, " Feb. ." 2.— Two miners, W. - C.
Fisher : and Geory« - Greggor.- were.* killed, on
Wednesday afternoon - at Franklin, In . thle
county, by a cave-In of Mine No., 7, of the Pa-
cific •*• Coast . Company, 1 • where . they ¦ -were ii em-
ployed. - ' - ; ' • . ¦• -
ELMIRA. Feb. 2— M. 6. Thoman, a -section
employe. wr« killed this morniny. He wa«
rtrurk by an 'fnsrlne switching In the yard.
Thomas (u a. native of the Azores, aged 33.
"vTtoen you are tired of being humbugged and spending large sums of money
With physicians who give no relief you will at last, If you desire a cure, be obliged
to use the VITAL RESTORATIVE treatment, which is the only certain cure for
Lost Manhood. Night Emissions and Shrunken Organs. Call. or write for book of
c-ped&J advice, also FREE TRIAL BOTTX.E, and be convinced. This great treat-
ment cannot be obtained from any druggist or agent, and is only used in Dr.
Cooper's successful treatment of diseases of men. ,. '¦'.; • .
Address DR. COOPER & CO.. 318 Kearny St.HONOLULU, Jan. 25.-E. C. Kaufman.,
who was. the. leader of. the band on' board
Dewej-'s. flagship at the battle of Manila,
committed suicide here on the evening of
the 24th by shooting himself in the head
with a revolver. He had been accused of
improper conduct with some. young girls
whom, he induced to visit hie home and a
warrant was out for his arrest.
•The- dead man was a member of the
Hawaiian- Government band,. playing the
bassoon. On the afternoon before h!n sui
cide he was in his place at a concert. Ho
left a letter addressed to Captain Bergcr,
leader of the band, statin? that ho could
not. live and face the disgrace ot tli3
charges against him. Kaufman had been
in Honolulu only a short time. He was
one of those rescued from the great Gal
veston flood, in which, he spent about
eighteen, hours in the water.
Another suicide, making three In Hono
lulu this week, was that of Albert Her
manson, -who hanged himself -whllei de
spondent on account of his wife's illness
and his own over-Indulgence In drink. Ho
hanged himself in a noose that reached
within two feet of th« ground. He lay on
the ground with hfs head In the noose and
strangled himself.
Committed Suicide Because
He Was Charged- With '
I a Crime. •
DEWEY'S BAND
LEADER DEAD
DENVER, Feb. 2.—Thfl following call
for the firpt annual convention of the
American Cattle Growers' Association ha«
been issued:
The ftm annual convention of the American
Cattle Growers' Association Is hereby called
to meet at Denver. Oolo.. at the Tabor Grand
Opera-house, at 10 o'clock a. m.. Tuesday,
Marrh 5, lttOl. for the purpose of effecting- a.
permanent organization, adopting a. constitu
tion and by-laws and for euch' general busi
ness as may properly come before the conven
tion.
The present basis of representation of this
association Is Individual membership and any
citizen, a cattle grower and owner, is eligible
for membership upon payment of initiation fee
cf fl and will be entitled to one vote- in this
convention:
This convention is the result of a meeting of
a large number of prominent growers of cattle
from many State* and Terrjtoriw held in Salt
Lake City on the evening of January 1<. 1301,
to consider the question whether there should
be form<-d a treneral organization to promote
and protect the Industry of cattle crowinc.
'ihe creat interest felt in the question was
manifest by the large and enthusiastic attend
ance, wherein every State and Territory but
en* west of the MlRslssicoi River was repre
mously decided that the American Cattle
Growers' Association ehduld be created and
that its membership was to be made up ex
clusively of cattl" growers. Officers and an
executive committee, recresentinr each State.
f hold until the first convention of the asso
ciation, were selected. It wa.s determined that
the first convention should be held In Denver,
as above, "and that at that meeting the organi
zation should be perfected by the election of
permanent officers and executive committee
and the adoption of a constitution- and- by
laws, an«3 trwupon the convention ehould pro
ceed with such buttress aa might be called
before 5 It.
The American Cattle Growers* Association
was formed In full accord with the main ob*
Ject of the National Livestock Association,
then in Bs.«ion at Halt Lake City. All other
livestock interests have, exclusive national or
gan! rations except the cattle growers through
which to advance their interests. The cattle
Growers naturally wished and determined to
have such an organization of their own, which
will take all action, offensive or defensive, to
protect any interest peculiar to their industry.
It is earnestly hoped that all cattle growers
will Join this association. ' . ¦
The present Idea Is fcr Individual member
ship to form the basis of this association,
which wllj give a small cattle, grower as
much voice on the floor of the convention hall
us-a. large owner, ;but this will he finally set
tled- at the first convention. . The only quali
fication necessary for membership is to be a
cattle rrowerand owner. At present member
ship may be secured by sending your name
and address to the secretary,. Union Stock
yards. Denver, Colo., or to your State commlt
teeman (or personally at tha convention) to
gether with SS. the Initiation fee that was ac
cep»ed at the meeting at which this associa
tion formed Its temporary organization. It is.
expected that the railways will make a great
ly reduced rate for the round trip to Denver.
The association is to protect and advance the
Interest of all cattle growers, large or small,
equally, and. we want them all on the mem
bership roll. It Is especially desired that a-
Urge- attendanca be had at the coming con
vention at Denver, and any cattle grower
who can possibly come is urged to do so.-They
may be.assured that the. proceedings of tha
convention will be highly beneficial, and their
Btay In Denver exceedingly pleasant.
BECOMES CONVEETED AMTD
DESTROYS HIS LIQUOB
Spectacular Display of His Christian
ity Made by.a T>nig£ist in.
Kansas.
6T. JOSEPH. Mo.. Feb. 2.—A special to
the Daily News says that at Hiawatha
Kans., to-day, a larpe quantity o-f beer
and whisky belonging to DrugylBt E. J.
Elcholtz was destroyed- on a scaffold
erected In the main street of the town.,
Evangelists Alexander and .Williams have
been conducting revival meetings in Hla.i
vratha for several weeks, making several 1
hundred c'onverte. 'Among these were
some druggists who sold liquors. Eicholtz
announced that he ••would'-.destroy his'
stock of liquor to-day. The smashing was
conducted > by the. druggist ;and<<the/ two
evangelist* in th» presence of hundreds ot
Sttps Taken for the Forma^
tion of a National As
sociation.
CALL ISSUED
T0 CATTLE MEN
t I*rn, Mrs. "W. Mone. Mrs. H. Lada, Mrs.
; Price and Fred Kern.
A pleasant birthday party was given ta
Miss Fiesta Rawson on Saturday evening
1 last at her home, 91S Bush street. The
i evening was spent in music, singing,
games and dancing. The following were
present: Mrs. G. C. Rawson, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Relnecke, Miss Regina Na
thanson. Miss Eva Hettrick, Miss Emily.
. Reinecke, Miss Lulu Rawson, Miss E.
Lunt Dr. Baker. Austin Welch, W. Briar
and George L. Barrows.
At the home of Mrs. Harry W. Clark.
4025 Eighteenth street, on January 30, a
very pretty surprise luncheon was given
In honor of Mrs. C. W. Burgess prior to
her departure for Eureka, where she is to
reside In the future, her husband having
engaged in busines in that place. Those
present were: Mrs. C. W. Burgess. Mrs.
"W. A. Davidson. Mrs. A. M. Crocker.
Mrs. H. Schliemann. Mrs. Metfeldt. Mrs.
J. Jacobsen, Mrs. W. F. Leeman. Mrs. Dr.
E. F. West. Mrs. Staley. Mrs. Varley
Schutle, Mrs. A. E. Doty, Mrs. Albert
Howkirs and Mrs. Harry Clark.
On the 29th of January Caryl Smith was
given a party by his aunt. Mrs: C. R.
Smith, at 739 Railroad avenue. Alameda."
in honor of his seventh birthday. Games
were played,.after which a supper was
served. The guests were: Caryl Smith.
Ned Johnson Gilbert Johnson, Georgie
Schumacher. Edwin Mossier. Edgar Moa*
sier, Henrietta Sussman, Freda Langdon,
Fay Mossier, Florence Reaves and Helen
Bunning.
Mrs. Albert Simon gave a dinner to a
number of the- friends of her daughter,
Mis3 Rosebud Simon, on Monday evening
last at their residence, 1605 Lasruna street,.
The dinner, which was a surprise to Miss
Simon, was Japanese in its appointments,
the ladies %vcaring Japanese tea gowns
and the table and dining-room having
beautiful decorations of Japanese design.
I>ater in the eveniijg Max Meyer and
Chester Kelly played the violin. Law
rence Rosenblatt accompanying. Dancing
until the small hours ended the evening's
pleasure. There were present the Misses
Margaret Bloch. Elsie Cerkle, Estelle
Blackmail. Olga Pauson. Jessie Summer
field. Kitty Lichtensteln. Hulda Bloch.
Amy Marks. Lulu Newfleld. Eleanor
Lazansky, Erma Shirek. Judith Shirek.
Edna Weil, Rhoda. Greenhood. Rosebud
Simon, and Messrs. J. Auerboch, Charles
A. I. Pauson, Chester Harris, Leo Hei
man, Ja^ob Schmulian, Lester Schwgitzer,
Henry F. Marks. Dave Schoenfeld. Jules
Auerbach, Robert Kahn. Clarence' Ellis,
Archibald Block, Chester Kelly. Law
rence Ro?*>nblatt and Max Meyer.
On the 2Cth inst. Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Emerson tendered a reception to a number
of friends at their residence. 30^2 Freelon
street, in honor of their second anniver
sary and the christening of their daugh
ter. Myrtle .Alberta, by Rev. John Wil
son. Those#present were: Miss Frankie
Vincent, Al Ruebold. Miss Gertie GllcS- i
den. Jack Sllva, Mrs. Lizzie Ryan. Robert
Wahl.Miss Stella Edwards, Cliff Bretz,
Miss Edna Rudolf.
''
Club Parties.
The Cotillon Club 1900 held Its mr.nthly
assembly and gertnan at Sherman-Clay
Hall the 1st inst. Three figures of the
german were danced, the s»amo being di
rected by Bruce Large, The leaders of
the sets were: Mis3 Grace Hesseltine and
P. H. Young. Miss A. Flowers and Wil
liam Schord. Miss Rankln and James Mat
thews. About eighty couples participated
and under the glare of the dark red lights
the effect wa* very pretty.
The sixteenth annual reception and ball
of the Bay City Wheelmen was held on
Thursday evening at Golden Gate Hall.
The hall wap beautifully decorated for the
occasion, and fully 200 guests enjoyed the
hospitality of the club from 9 o'clock un
td after midnight. Light refreshments
were served between, dances.
The committee which had charge of the
affair consisted of Henry L. Day. chair
man: Archie Reid. F. C. Boeckman.
George B. Stangenberger, Frank H. Kerr'
gan, Daniel O'Callaghan and Austin.Kan
zee, and much credit is due to their efforts
for the brilliant success of the evening s
reception.
Among those present -were: W. Rob-
inson, Miss Mollie Sullivan, 1 Miss
Frankie Sqlllvan, C. B. Thompson,' Mies
Connolley, Archibald Reid. Miss G. Sib
bald, R. C. Reid. Miss Knox', Mr. Gard
ner. "W. H. Doherty. Miss Smith. Charles
Hoey, Miss McPherson. D. M. Tood. Miss
Flora Smith, F. W. Mardens. Millie Up
son, M. A. O'Toole. Ag-nejs Mcl>onald, Miss
Parkhurst, J. D. Dougherty, Dr. F. Par
rett. F. H. Kerrigan.. Miss K. Kerrigan.
Mr. Shelton, Miss Grace Duncan. 'Karl
Krug, Miss Mabel Hammond. T. S. Hall.
Miss E. K. Day, W. A. Conneau, Mi'B
Maeme Gladding, Earl de Veuve, J. 51.
McDonald Jr., Merritt Robinson. Miss
Kelaey; Z. Y. Howard. Miss Preston.
George B. Stanjrenberger, R. Marshall. L.
Schwartz. Mr. and Mrs. Bennett. Miss C.
Reggan, Johjt \V. Riley, Miss May Riley.
Peter Morrin, Miss J. Bakofsky, Dr. W.
B. Stephens. Miss B. Hemmenway. Miss
\Vifdia Zenver, K. D. Keeffe. Miss Kate
Byington. Miss Elizabeth McDonald, Fred
L. Wolfe. Miss Madeline Hoey, Dan
O'Callaghan. Helen Ruthrauff. H. Tom-
Unson. .Miss Jobson, Charles Hendry. Mr.
Ruderepacher.*Miss Stone. Miss Weiland.
Miss M. Phillip, F. Marten, Mr.«. F. P.
Marten, H. P. Howard and wife, F. C.
Bockman. Miss Clara Byinpton, L. A.
Colton. Miss M. Pike, Mi S3 Maude Pike.
Austin Kanzee. Mi?s L. Bonnegue. M. J.
Tousey, Miss Stevens. J. F. Wilson. Miss
Sue Vincent. Miss K. D. 'Mendel, W;
Moofe. Mlsa Edith Sladefeld. S. Tilllck.
F. L. Burkhost, Mr. Humphrey, James
Dougherty.-Henry T. Day, Sadie H. Day.
T. E. Foster. Mrs. C. M. Langton. Irving
R. Daly.Miss Georple Sherwood. Miss Ida
E. Daly. J. B. Duggan. Mr. McDonald,
Joseph'Dowllng. J. Ludlow, Miss S. Lud
low. F. C* Sykes, Miss Lily I^onard, J. J.
I Mermen and wife, th* Misses Huff. A. W.
Barker. Miss M. G. Gladding. Mrs. Glad
ding, Mrs. Lake. Mr. and Mrs. H. W.
Spaulding. Phil Heuer. Miss Daisy Heuer,
L. E. Ens4gn, Miss Thompson. Panford G.
Lewald. Miss Addle Lewis. C. K. Melroso
sind Miss Trott.
;
i
,
In the Future.
The Princeton football team will grlvft a.
dance on Ba^urdpy. evening:, February 2.
at Native Sons' Hall. The affair will be
to celebrate a successful football season
The H. L. Endeavor Society of Alameda
will give its annual Invitational ball at
Enclnal Hall March 9. It will be styled
"an advertisement ball" and only those
representing some advertisement will be
allowed on the floor. The ladies in charge
are doing.their utmost;to .make It one of
th* social events of the season. .' !
The Mission Cotillon Club will hold its
first entertainment and, hop of the season
of 1901 at Mission Opera. Hall on-Thursday
evening, February 7. They will "be as
sisted by the following young ladles-and
gentlemen: G. Keane. Miss Ina" Allen, S.
Kent. Miss Kohn and. Miss Torres.: TJie
evening's entertainment will conclude
with a laughable two-act farce, entitled
"A Box of Monkeys.":to.be produced un
der the direction of H. G'. Leffmann; with
the following cast: Ed Ralston, H. p.
Leffmann; Sierra Bengaline. Miss A'.Per
rir.e; Mrs. Ondego Jhous, Mra. A. T. Love;
Lady Gunlevere, Miss- • Vera - Mayers;
Chauncfy Oglethrope, J. Leo Turley. I t
Sigma of Alpha Kappa Kappa members
have senCuut cards-.for.: a--.dance ,oiv
Wednesday evening, February 6, at"
Golden Gate Hall. v .
The next assembly of the Deux Tftmps
will be held at Golden Gate Hall Friday
evenlng, February 8. i i
' -• ¦ i ..
Personals -~. ;
Mr. and Mrs. FVank Alfred Gummer are
RPtnding several weeks in Southern Cali
fornia. . ;.
Mrs. E.'Kuhlman is here from Omah«.
'Xebr.. on a visit to her.sister, Mrs. John
Huber. , •-..-. - ¦ ..¦¦
Mrs. S. Baum will be at home the;first
and pocohd Fridays of each month at 291S
Jackson street. . ' .
Miss Hilda Kline has returned from her
northern trip and w-ill be- at home
Wednesday. February 6.- . . .
Mr. * and Mrs. Jesse F. Sllverman: of
Butte. Mont., are visiting I>r. Joseph A.
bllvcrman at 968 Geary street.
SOCIETY
/ "^HE "day at home" has come
r tr> be quite a function and has
fl I almost supplanted the "tea" of
IV j . the seasons past. During the
\^ S-L y last few weeks there have been
any number of "days" at which
society has gathered, gossiped
and thoroughly enjoyed itself.
' A delightful "at home", is announced for
Saturday, the 16th. is that of Mrs. William
Willis at her home- on California street.
The hours will be from 4 until 6:30. Mrs.
."U illis' at home promises to be on© of the
.largest of the season.
.
i
r
j,
They're Engaged.
Mrs. L. Denskln announces the engage
ment of bier daughter Catherine to Will
A. Plunkctt.
Mr. and Mrs. Behlcr announce the rn
pagMnrm of their daughter Sarah to Mr.
<i. ?chi'rmcT.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Moser announce the
rngapernrnt of their daughter Hilda to
:^en A. Goldsmith. They will receive on
Sunday, l"cbruar>' 3". at 21 IS California
street, from »' to 5 p. m.
The enpa^einent reception of Miss
Amelia Davis and Louis Bloch will be
l.eld Sunday, Fobruary 3, between 2 and 5
at T123 gutter etr«H't.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Bloom announce
the engagement of their daughter May to
<.Virl <iruenberg of Alamcda. They will
receive Sunday, February 10, from 2 to
E p. m., .v. 116 Eroderick street.
T. J.-.Sullivan is to be married to Miss
Lulu Maerath Tuesday cvenlnjr next at
the TauiiFt Church in this city. Mr. Sul
livaii is connected v.ith the H. Liebts
}*ur Company of this city. He is a promi
nent member of the Olympic Club, as Weil
ts past president of the Dolphin Boat
Ciub.
Wedding Eells.
On Weflnefdav evening, at S:30 o'clock.
Miss Maude Hirlemaa was married to
George Le Seur of New York. The cere
mony was performed bv Hev. I>. C< Saji
lord at the home of the bride's parents.
Mr. and Mrs.- Phflip Hirlenian. 1C14 Brod
crick street. The large and spacious par
lors .were tastily decorated in pink and
Emilax. and the ceremony was performed
tinder a canopy of American flags. Th*
bride wore white striped satin grenadine
over white taffeta Eilk. She carried
bride's roses. Ur. A. T. Derby was best
man and Miss Ella F. Reed of Sacrament-)
acted as bridesmaid. She wore a white
organdie gown, trimmed with valen
ciennes lace and carried bridesmaid roses.
Miss Kisie Btsecker acied as ring- bearer
awd led the procession, carrying the ring
on a largo satin cushion. She wore a
white point desprit frock, trimmed with
x:arrow white satin ribbon. The brida
va« given away by i.er father. Philip
Jiirleman. Afu-r the ceremony a sumpt
uous supper was sen'vd, covers being laid
lor eighty. Dancing ar.d music occupied
the ptiopts until the wee sma 1 hours. The
bride and groom have left for a short
honeymoon at Santa <"rxiz. Those r>re?ent
were: ~Li*-v. L. C. Sauford, Mr. and Mrs.
P. Hirloman Mrs. M. Miller. Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Viningr. Mrs. M. India. Mr.
and Mrt=. Georce Vauplm. Mr. and Mrs.
V. E. Besecker. Miss Lucy Vinins. Mr.
ar.d Mrs. P. Hirlemau Jr.. Miss EUa P.
Reed. Mr. and Mrs. R. Wolf. Mr. and Mm.
Gus Xewmaun, Mr. and Mrs. William
Metzr.er. Mrs. I. Wolf. Mr. and Mrs. J.
K. Prior Jr.. Mrs. A. Klapperich, Mr. and
Mrs. B. Straus?, Mr. and Mrs. F. Wolf.
Mr*. S. J. Waugh. Mr. and Mr?. W. A.
Muller. Elsie Berecher. ' WilUam Ring-,
Oeorge Vaughn, Edward Ua.il. W.
Vaughn, J. Metzner, A. Strauss, s. Ack
ormar., F. Cooney, H. Netrhouce, Dr. A.
T. Derby. C. Metzner. \V. Newhouse. F.
C;irti?. <J. Adams. MastVr 1^. Klapperich.
Mr*. >I. Newhouse. Mrs. J. Klapperich.
Mrs. Foicman, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Mc-
Ktan, Mr and. Mr*. Radcliffe. Mr. and
Mrs. William Rotrosky. Miss Hatti?
Strauss. Mrs. J. K. j>irdsall. Miss Idi
Strauss. Miss Julia Ackerman, Mr. and
Mrs. \V. H. Kazstoa, Miss May Strauss.
Mrs. F. Owens. Mrs. Dutsch, Mr. and
Mt>. E. Strau.*s, Miss Essie Henry. Mr.
ar.d Mrs. C. H. Burr. Mr. and Mrs. W.
JI. Yttee. 3Irs. Pieed.
Home Gatherings.
Mr. ard Mrs. K. J. Seymour at their
residence. 73» KdcJy street, entertained the
rew BuIIwinkel Wbi.'-t Club on Wednes
day f-vtnlng last. All the members were
present and enjoyed the evening. ' At the
conclusion refreshments were jserved.
On the evening of January 17 the friends
cf Henry Joost assembled by invitation
a: the residence of his parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Martin Joost. 414 Snrader street, to
I-ar tic! pate in the celebration of the twen
ly-first anniversary of his birth. The
guests besan to arrive at 8 o'clock, when
games, recitations and vocal sections
wre at once In order. At 10 o'clock all
marched to the dining hall, where an ele
gant repast awaited them. An Interesting
feature at the supper was the reading of
an oripinsil toast, written especially for
the host, by Mi** Marc-el! a Patklri. Thoye
present were: Henry Joost. Will Mangels,
Arthur Thode. Ernest Klevesahl, \V. von
der Nienbcrg, Charles Skaife. Arthur
Sk2ife. A. von <W Zwlet. Fred Selk.
Harry I^awton, Walter Joost. Herman
Joos=t. I/eonard Hackett. -Kajph Bartel.
George Flaherty. Misses Flora Goeller,
llvrtlt- Na«»*, Lillian Goeller, Flora. Bar
tel. Marcella Patkin. Edna Mohr. Alma
Thode. Emma Selk, Stella Selk. TllUe von
der Nienberg, May Lawton, Annie Tennis.
Alma Woebher. Hazol Bodkin, Edna
Jooft and Mr. and Mrs. SL Joost.
On Sunday evening la*t John Engel
fried of 3' 2 Church avenue, together
•with his wife and numerous friends cele
t-rated his rortleth Mrthday and the sev
enth anniversary of his marriage to the
lady who now presides over his house
hold. There were about thirty invited
6-uests. who were entertained by music,
dancing, recitations and games. At the
banquet table Nicholas Miller acted a?
ToaetmaFtrr. Among those present were;
Mr. and Mrx. Knirlefrled. Mr. and Mrs.
Schmidt,' the Misses Schmidt, Mr. and
Mrs. Q. Schoeuser, Nicolas Miller, J.
Schwatz, Mre. Annie Abel, the Misses
Abel. Mr. and Mrs. John Delhi. George
Ackerman. Miss Kate Alles. Mr. and Mrs
Xlggert. J. Robert Steinbreecher.
Mr. and Mrs. Clement Bennett enter
tiJne'i a nt:mt>er of their friends at their
home on Washington street last Thurs
day evening. Among the guest* were:
Mr. and Mrs. Oeoree K. Morse. Mr and
Mrs. Asa R. Wells. Mr. and Mrs. J. C
Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mann, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Denigan. Captain and
Mrs. Burns. Mr. and Mrs. Van Wyck and
Mirs Van Wyck.
Mr?. Fred W. Kern entertained a party
of lacies at lrnirheon last Tuesday at her
home, 2443 Seventeenth street. Covers
•were laid for twenty-four. The guests
•were: Mrs. W. Xordwell. Mrs. J. Hoppe
Mr*. C Hoppe. Mr*. Ed Buesi<?, M rB . Dam
kroeger, Mrs. F. FiPchbeck. Mrs. Genlech,
Mi«s P. Alternberg. Mrs. L. Flschbeck'
Mrs. C. Butl-r. Mrs. Ilubbaj-d. Mr?. Bran
nan. Mr?. Wurtcr. Mrs. Wilson. Mrs. O.
"Weber. Mrs. R. )Iern-.in. Mrs. II. Fl«ch
b^ck. Mrs. Herman Flschbeck. Mis« Rose
.¦ - - . ¦ ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
26
'V .' . AMUSEMENTS. ..'. :.:'].
(f^tfi I IS Afi DIA' SA.1 FRANCISCO'S
V U LU a¥aoa A leading theatbe
.tO-NiGHJ^g FOR
NEXT 5 NIGHTS '
And SATURDAY MATINEE .
<Manacers Wacenhals & Kemp*r present
LOUIS JAMES a™
KATHRYN KIDDER
•'In a Stupendous Scenic Production of . {
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
; PRICES-U 50. U, 75c. 50c. 3Sc and '25c. 1 , .
Next Paturday Night "RICHARD III"
Next Sunday NtKht '. "UACBETH"
SOUS! :i&
Seat Sale
NOW ON at Sherman. Clay & Co.' a Store.
. FIRST CONCERT at the
ALBARiBSA, SUNDAY NIGHT, Feb. 10.
• Concerts— 5 Nlght« — 4 Matinees.
FVb. 10. 13. 14. 15. 16.
Bun., Wed., Thurs., Frt., Sat.,
Alf.ElllnsThouse..' Prop, and Mantsrer
Phone South .- 770
Btartins; "With Matinee To-D»y.
OLITTERINO, BRILLIANCY, SPLENDOR,
WM. 'A. BRADY'S Grand Scenic "Production of
-SORROWS
Of SATAN.
Adapted and dramatized from the famous novel
.of MARIE COREL.L.I, as orifflnally pro- .
duced at the Rhaftesbury Theater,
- London, Er.gianJ.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES, BLABORATB
BCENfcRY. MARVEI-OUS ELECTRICAL
EFFEXTTS.
PRESICNTED BY A" SPECIALLY FELECTnD
COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
EVE— 25c, 85c, WV« and 75c.
MAT— lac, 25c, 35c and 50c.
Next— Sunday evening. February i<j,
OOITCA Seats ¦ ready at Sherman, Clay
OVIUO/\ & Co/s.
• ¦ PRICES-60C, 75c. $1 and $1 B0.
OLYMriA c c c&^»6«
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
TUB CITY.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE MORRISSES, ;
One of the Olympia'a greatest importations.
QUERITA~VINCENT,
Ban Francisco's favorite aong.blrd.
MabelIiudson,
' . '•'. ' In a change of repertoire.
AND OUR CELT5BRATED STOCK QOMPANT.
. ; MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY,
ADMISSION FHEB. ,
SHERMAN, CLAU CO/S BALL.
TUESDAY, "WEDNESDAY and FRrDAY AF-
TERNOONB," February , 12, U and 15. .'
, FIRST APPEARANCE HERE OF
Leopold Codowsky,
p^%-V ™ D , GREAT. PIANIST. . . .-,
. -Res ejred, 8eats--J2, , ty B0 and 'tpj) On sale ] at i
Bherman, ', ' Clay ' '&' "Co."b, * beglnnlnjr Friday
morning at 9 o'clock. '
ft«fcft«¥W.
MATINEE THIS 8UNDAT AFTERXOON.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
First appearance at this theater of JOS. KILr-
. H* S. WUlard's Success of Two Continents,
JUDAH!
By Henry Arthur Jones Esq.
Matinpfs Saturrlay ' and Sunday.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
' JAMES F. GBACE, Slipper.
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - February 3d.
anotheOTbahtig
OPEN_SJAKE!
128-N0MINAT10NS— 128
$1500 -B SI500
TRAIN" SERVICE: •
Leaves Third and Townsrad streets
at 9:15 a. m., 10:15 a. m. % 11 a. m.,
12 ta. and 1 p m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after
the last coursa. San Mateo electric
cars every five minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
RUBBER CULTURE
In Soconusco, Mexico, *
1 BY MRS. FRONA WAITE COLBURN
At METROPOLITAN TEMPLK.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Feb. « at S o'clock.
g -. -100 StereopUcon FlantatJon VlVw»?' •
Mexican musio by Prof. Lombardero" a Sextet
Admission free. Tickets on application at 3'
fice.of LA. ZACCAIJ»A- RUBBER PLAN- •"
TATION CO., • wk«
703-7M Cla.u» Bprecke'.s bulldlagk
¦HI THEATER I
± ; -'.. : ":-..'¦¦¦--• • • t
I TO-MORROW . 4
I MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4th, |
ill .•. .•.LAST TIA/O WEEKS .•. ,\ t
* IVl K S r 1 SKK f
*f ) )
' And Her Company, Presenting for the First Time Hei*e ..
JTESS OF THE j
t jLJ U JJlOJLjiXi Y JLJjJLjJljO ;*
"fc. f± F»l-/^."y r IIN FOUR ACTS i' m
¥ by LORIMERSTODDARD, from the novel by THOMAS HARDY '\
-I . (copynighted by Harper & Bros.)
•i ,' ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. \
WEEK COMMKNCING TO-DAT (SUNT>AT>
MATINEE, FEBRUARY S.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
MURRAY
AND LANE
In^ Selections From Grand ana Comic Opera,
KATHRYN
OSTERMAN
Presenting 'With Her Own Company tS»
One- Act Comedy. "The Widow."
EMPIRE Cl T Y
COMEDY 4
Xew York's Famous Sinking Quartet.
LIZZIE AND VI ME »>ALY
rretty Olrla With Musical Feet.
F*OV AND CLARK
In Their Great Success. 'The Spring of Touth.**
— LEAMER SISTERS""
- ¦ Marvelous Contortionists.
WARRBN ond BLANCHAHD *
Presentln- a Xew Sketch.
• THE GREAT RIOfiRAPH
American Dilluartrn
With a New S?r{p» of Pictures. Including
Scenes of the War In China.
9-NELSONS-9
j The greatest acrobatic act ever neen In America.
Parquet. tT>c: Falcony, 10c: Children. 10c. any
part except reserved. A few front Orchestra
Seats, reserved, 50c. Front rows «f Balcony,
reserved. IZc. • ...
TQ-NIGHT l i% T
THEFENCING^IASTER
MONDAY,. Feb. 4th,
i Planquette's- Great Comic OjMra,
Charming Music Wedded to a
Fascinating Siorj.
Next Production — Last Season's Kit,
THE WIZARD OF THE HUE
With ALP C. VVHEEUflN,
"HOOT ./V\ON I"
EVENINGS AT 8.
Matinee Saturday at 2.
Popular Prices— 25 and 50 Cents
TELEPHONE— BUSH *.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATPJEE TO-IXAT
J^ASTC NIGHT OB*
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
THE GREATEST LIVING IRISH COSTEDI AN.
In Boudcault's Famous Irish Drama.
ARRAH-NA-POGUE
TO-MORROW EVENDfO.
"SHAWUS O'BRIEN."
PRICES-lOc. 15c. 23c. 50c.
A few front rows In orchestra. 75c
Good reserved seat In orchestra at an rrvnti-
nees. 25c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, Special
Gottlob. Marx A Co. and Walter ailarosco
Annonnct th« Farewell Appearance In Tbla
city et
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M. COQUELIN,
Under the Direction, of '
MR. MOURICB CPAU
¦ FOB TWO WEEK9 OMI^T.
Commencing MONDAY . KVESINO, Febroary
11. In
ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC POEM.
I For Six Nights and 4 jr > a »«t A^T)»
Wednesday and "I, A 1 IT LU N
; Saturday Matinees. MU *»*V«XJ\/A^
OR, THE EAGLET.
MMB. BERNHARDT and M. COQOEUN Win
Appear at Every Performance.
PRICES-H 60. |3. $3 and $1. Boxes $30. IC4.
$12. General Admission C Gallery $1.
DALE Ur OCA ID DAT, February «. at *
a. m.. at the Box Office. Grand Opera-houae.
IP SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETdO.
Ucnday. January n. to Saturday. February
9, Inclusive.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT,
8tx Stak* Errata. Thre* Hurdle Races aaJ
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST R..CE OF* THE DAT AT 8:19 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townser.d ttrcsta for
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:40. 11:30 a. tn.. 1. 1:30
and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
San Kre- - -- at 4:15 p. m.. followed after th*
last, race at Intervals of a fe-w minutes by s«v- -
eral specUls. Seats In rear cars reserved for !
ladles and their escorts. Admission to •course,
tncludlns railroad fare, t! IS.
HILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
- EDWAT?t> POWER. Racing Secretary.
CipfiCI GRiATEST LIVING
Oll/ULLr, 33ANDO11N V IRTUOSO
SE.VTS' ON T SALE at The ZEXO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.'S STORE. Tt» "Market at.
Y. M. C. A. HALL,,.
FRIDAY NIGHT, Feb. 8..
ADMISSION. 50c; RESERVED SEATS. ISo.
Q 1 1 1 p P These hotels pes-
I ALAtlL sess the a " r ib«tes-
_• that totnists and
8110 travelers appreciate -
GRAND 31 P^ : '
U I in I ill ... ment, modern ap-
IJrtTri Q pointments and
nUlLlsUl P erfe ct cuisine.
c« Cr««j«;« American and Ea^
San FranClSCO. ropean plana.
KERH RIVER OIL LANDS"
Proven territory, on Una of 'railroad, for
sale. Splendid chanc* for those about to
farm an oil company. ¦ NEWTON CAR-
MEN* SOMES (3. C. MASON. ,'a*«ot>.
Ml Chronicle bids.; Ban Franitisco.'
CHUTES and ZOO
ESMERALDA,
The Famous Musical Queen,
AND A HOST OF OTHER VAU-
DEVILLE STARS. : i ; ->-
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
In a BROWNIE SHOW.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
orchestra." < ¦ ¦ • ' .,: .
¦"••.Reserved Seats 25c. ' Matinee 'Sunday.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE:
riOyilJLn O Admission IOc.
All ¦ Zada, Dalton • and Le-w-lji. -.the' "Marco*.
Godfrey. Lillian L**vy. Cunningham. Harry de
Lain, th^ Fairbanks brothers and .VHInrlchs*
W^^^^i^^^YeB^
HENSCHELS
FrRST RECITWL
NEXT TUESDAY, EVENING, 4
i At METROPOLITAN"
:,„. :+;.,!>-*< .-,--;< pRICES-TSe'tft' $J.'.'- .-r.V'J.-'.'-V. '*"
I SEATS NOW ON SALE} . at Sherman. ClftJ !
* Co.'s, Suiter and. Keaj-ny. streets. ... 1
MATINEE TO-DAT. PRICES— 10c. ISo, , 15c.
¦ TO-NIGHT— Last t1m»— The famous drama,
f\ CELRBRflTEDCASE,
. ¦ JAMES j M. WARD &a Ssrgreant O'Rourkt. jj
pDfrCC Kvenlncs ......10c. 15e. SSe. S5c. 60c
iniVCO Matinees ..c .10c. 15c. 25c
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVO-rirat produc-
tion In America of the bis; English
-- ' . melodrama, . .
"A DAUGHTER OF THE MILLION."
Now In ita Fifth Year In England.
Novel and Startling Situations. •
A Stupendous Scenic Production, ete.
Phone South 633.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all otti«r facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldinr. ' 1170 Market et.. cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-Z9. with tha electric needle without pain or
¦car.- Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making; tha skin 'firm.
It renders the slcln soft.
• mooth. clear, white and .'5O?V» k
jouthful and cures Poison AraSkYjra
Oak and Eczema. It. is a '/JBS^MsIHbsV
liquid. Any cream of tha
consistency of butter will mBbbS'SaSbbbbf
stimulate the crowth at liuJM J&TIsM'liff '
hair on the face. Drah- flWf T JTasB
man Toilet Cream Is cSSA "KW&r
cuaranteed not to do so.
}'iice 60c. Brahman f ]W3tMlSViAJ -l-
Tooth Powder. . 25e. All IV^SvKWtSKf^JTf
drufglats and at office of *—*^ssBBBss«fc» l g.j
A. W. TRAVER8E, M. O. Larg • stock alwtn
at J. a Potta" Drug Co.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS
gouu.
i J^^l^fe^ When it is evident thatt women need convpetent I
1 wffiFeF**®b advice about their health* is it not well for them to 3
1 jHfe SP kriow how to secure it ? Tell your story without I
i Jf W reservation, to Mrs. Pinkh©Ln\ ; she never breevks 1
1 confidence, and her advice is the best in the world. |
i 3^^^ Miss Mecum's two letters show how helpful it is. I
I '§L^ ¦'••¦' :^ >^^W ' [PUBLISHED BY 8PECIAL' -'PERMISSION.]' • S
¦ CsSS* x \^a. rt»<» mr«> t>»^-,^, . t i_ '•. • '' Lima, Lstd., Jan. 8, 1808. 0
H T^riLs. ' [m^f^ Petkham: I hare read so much about your great kindness to 1
S / JtS (W«#/J f? « / i W ° m i n i. * at 'l^oj 1 ? J 1 * I would write and tell you of my troubles. In B
B I ' J J}a&Q b &&%ffi£i * h f first P lac o« I nave a blood disease which the doctors call drv eczema. I hare I
1 4££$m2§%Z%M^ taken a great deal of medicine but received no permanent benefit, so thought I I
¦ AsfP wSS^SmSx^S^ would try your medicine. ¦ Menses are irregular, and I am troubled with leu- 3
M VSSS^^mSBm corrhoea. Bowels are constipated ; sometimes have sharp pains ; cannot sleep B
I V IwS^ISsX at mght; have such shakingr spells I cannot be still. Su^er with pain in lower |
B 1 l^^^R^^X S5S £ ?T ' JY sid t ? un^ e^. ief l breast » a °<i through my chest ; also troubled |
i \ U*ll§ll^iS^\ s^ortoesa of breath and dizziness. Please give ae your advice. |
H * JlW A ** ¦>»_- __, _ . Lima, Int>., July 5, 1899. I
m /^l \ \ UEAB Dins. PLbiiuiAMf When I wrote to ytra some time ago I was feeling |
i JS^m^ NHill \ \' r^f 7 , miserable - } followed the advice you gave me, and must say thatl p
Wi JfizSifm-jfr*^ X V tninl£ y° ur 65 . 168 ar « the ereateat remedies on eaxth. I took both Ly dla E. fi
J|ffl»,X Vt>v Plnkham's Vegetable Compound and Blood Purifier, .and they 1
IlTs«fiIr^3s3Wa^ \*5^**^_ have d «ne me, more good than anything I ever took. I cannot |
AI^SS^Sh^^w <Ot Ts&S^ 5^ express my thankfulness to you, and I shall always recommend 1
IMMWg^jCTg^aSgg^ l^i^^jA your medicine to others. MISS MAEY MEGUM. |
j^ra^^^^^i hiv&r,, I M , rs « Pinkham'a address Is Lynn, Mass, She 8
TOlSS^^^M Ar^^^W advises v* omen free. Miss Delia M. Hittle has §
VfsSSSSsSBSBB J*^--*?'/ Iven permission to print her two letters, |
gg^^^^^p showing how easy it is to get the right help, g
EX^^WEB38a^| . DeAr Mbs - PiHKHAii : I have noticed your advertisement and feelthat your medi- I
¦^L^VSraMK W&J. C * ne W^^ me BOme g 00 *^ I have been sufPerinj several months with womb trouble. R
f3£g&g&£S§g9HTOraBk ? he womb Bwellsandlt feels as if something' was gathering on each side. Some days H
' pyOBjJunEMM^M!^. l can ]mrdl y be on m y feet at e.11. It makes me very nervous, and I also have a dis- B
IBh3Ss^«si»SroK^^^>^ : charge of leucorrhcea. lam getting tired of suffering so much and want B
K'gi^S^^g^g^^^^^ to tr y your medicine. Please advise me and answer as soon as possible. |
L^f)jHiBPB^MBSra^«Mr^2Msy « DBAS Mbs. Pt^eham» "Words cannot express my gratitude for the £.'
HH^S^^ffi^rlSS^fer^^S^' &°°d I have derived frdn the use of yoxir remedies. I suffered with eon- g
r^^rnxK^MfEEBHW^^* 41 es^ on °^ the ovaries and inflammation of the womb. I was completely |
¦'.- iSfflS^^XSK^jB^Kjni^iHsf run down and my condition was very serious. After reading of the good |
Jwiffi!EgS£l3^MS^ail'roR^^y your medicine had done for others 1 concluded to write to you for advice. E
¦ -KmtllPVQ^ ' Upon receiving your reply I took a course of your medicine and g
j^^Jl^^MI^W N^ : am now well. The Lydla E. Pinkhara Vegetable Compound also 3
iigB^^^m«-gS^3B^^L Vc cured m e °f the awful headaches I was subject to. I shall never 1
f|g»a^f ..^Bb-' *>« without your medicine. I cheerfully recommend it to all and H
AbpmrfSIc firmly believe it capable of curing- any female sickness. - G
I fflM^W » &^^^\if*«^^r W* 161 * y QX * 6o to yo\ir drxigglst for Mrs. Pink- |
im ha.m s remedies do not let hin\ persxietde you a
?*ffll8«^^ Wi^^ ! '»«-^ ; to try something "j\ist as good." He is merely try- I
; • _ ing to make a larger profit. The medicine that surely I
cures women is ' :LY9IA^-.;PINKHAN V S VEGETABLE COMPOUND. 1
Ct i"9 /f*$± dT^. /\ T) IT^TIT A DT\ .° v1s ( totlK( Kttbal toae skeptical iwopte hire from doe to tlae odm. |
iJH [-_ ti yk SS ra S i4 H*L sT vw aVA . *C ¦ M tioned the genuineness of the tettimonial letter* wo are conitantiy pabluh- 8
*T-5fc W fflSl ESa H *^«-^ V »f»l -+M~r i»f. we*have deposited with the National City B*nk of Lynn, Ma».,#j,ooo. jul
m. 17 Q W which vnll be paid to any persou who will show that the above teitimoniala ar« not rtauine, or w«re publish** ** I
. .^JF X««^ before obtaintai the write ' special permission. LYDIA E. PINK.HAM MEDICINE COt |
Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter!
IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
. ALWAYS CLEANLY. WHICH.
LARD IS NOT. *
Wesson's Salad Oil
. is far gmm value than the finest im-
ported olive oil and hu the tame flavor.
Ask your • 6iendly frocer for it aad tars
¦ £Oo4 raoney . . l _ ¦ * . ' *
j v : .-..•¦¦....-¦ . *¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ •
AMUSEMENTS.
-AJTUSiraiENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3,; :19O1.
27
1 the SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S OREAT OFFER |
I pfUMi BRAND ILLUSTRATED AND DESCRIPTIVE EDITION I siSts I 1
©i| 1 "°r d y env"red. collected for **** \ Qp i I Corrected to March 1.1901. | S±S
|| v v^ K/-xiVl Q^-^-^ — ; ; ||
q|q . ¦^—^^—¦^^ ' " ¦ - , • ' • - . ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦• • ; •'.• -"^^^^^^f '¦.-'-¦ .'_^^^_ 9* |O
|i| READY FOR DELIVERY DURING MARCH, 1801. |^§
©J-O ¦ . INDEXED. . ..: _ '. _ ¦•¦-,¦ \'.-J-f__.':\-' ; .- -:; ' .' 2**2
£% •*¦+ £% \ FT I^^V .-.¦-•• y * ¦ t . *•*¦ . *,«•*' •,--.'¦ ¦¦ *^, -*" J* V'T_» h- ' -' * TIT 1 "*^! WBT • * CU
p| Complete Satisfaction to Every Subscriber. .' it from any other source. |j|
If CRAM'S SUPEROR ATLAS OF THE WORLD INDORSED BY BENJ. I WHEELER, THOMAS J. KIRK and FREDERICK W. D'EVELYN fl
2~? h >» — : > *-* : : h ©- 1 -©
2X2 •' ...-..•.¦..¦•¦ ;,¦••¦.;• : : :.,rr.; ' ¦ . ; . "{ j." " ¦ ¦ .__; ¦ \ QJTq
OJ© UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA ,.,* jr 1 .;, l .-^' • •>«»••<.» . . . ,. •- , (*_^ / » A^J? »^. 'rf/^A^ O"*
S^O OFFICE OF THE PRMIOENT' p*r«irtm.nt^f «ft««.tum. \ g- •©
2"i* • ' ¦ ..'•-¦, .'.'. '-*'•-.¦¦ ¦ /^ ul * jjtt£7) y *iYt2[ ' ©• 'A
||| •.. 8erk8l«y. 3ceo,flbor 13, 1900. S |R ,e»n« W i«»«^5A!»» ||»
Si§ dear sir " ; : . - - 26.7901 ojo
gfo ' I havo lookod over tha a»\ FranolBoo Call j!R||;| /„ . «, j,; v „. .„ '".¦„. <*;1 : V V ;W; 3. LEAKE, Manager Call, Jtg
O;ro ——,-••--«— .<• ., I have carefully ewolnad tji« "Call* Atlaa. pub] isTied .^y G«o..?. • . n _ ' 04 — . ©"ft
&E8 Atlaa of the World. For a popular atlas it «nbodi* 3 Craa tht fm>ua " p 8nd atl " -? # nao9 ° f *" " th * ¦ -V x have oa ref ully examined the Cran'o g±§
5?g ' cnci predl«po»ed » In it. f«yor, anAqr expectations vert full/ met a. Atlas Submitted to me and find it a most ex_ |||
©3ig ft wonderful variety and richnoaa of material. I ' ! turTied th> lMT " ""* ~"«d the fine ..p.. eoopreheniivt. trti.. of cellent work. In its soope and accuracy of gig
O.-g ';>•"••" etatlitlci and the valuable, and readablt report! upon aliao it every- con- detail it more nearly approaches a guide e~©
Q?g conoWer that the opening up of »uch opportunitl*»e eeirebie .ubject. I .coniid*r ;ih» wrk equal to th« ordinary eyoi»peedi» ' book than an Ordinary At las, and with its 2!;5
g-j-O t cf many Toluaei . and certainly, far aort handj to the fcasy maa «l 4 • aid not Only the Student Of geography but %'¦'%
§v© as this work represents for the education Jttd in-" boox of reference. . ¦¦'¦(.' • v A; V the general reader can take a trip abroad ©to
S::S •'¦ Twy truly yo^. . -y^ without leaving his armohair and become %~*%
g--o f onnat ion cf. the iadS8O5_of our people is a public ' JSt*i*sj?jt''&/l*r/l thoroughly familiar with all that pertains gj®
oi| W. S. Leake, NO BETTER WORK WILL BE FOUND THAN Y (SwUs ' | :; |
o : ; : o -«^^PP Zl M^Cw^m^^ President Geographioal Society of Call- •-< »
§?§ Call, 5«n Francisco, Cal. . —^C^t^/\/V\ &-— ; : - f ornia! ) 5?8
§S| * ' *¦ Superior At.as of the World J ¦ ' ¦ = , j|j;
CXO 4-W^H^^^4^4^^"H^4^^I-^'^I^^I^^l^^^^I^^~^^:'l"^^I^^l"I^^^¦;l^^I"!¦^ ¦I"I"I" ¦I"I"I"X [I II 1 I I 1 ' 1 '/ H ' 1 . I ' 1 1 I M"!- ' , g"j|
gjg . "The Superior Atlas" is handled only by regularly authorized agents of THE CALL.^l^.there is- no agent in your locality, write us and we will §E?;
%$% • ¦ ¦ i ¦ : ' ; direct one to call. ¦"•¦ '••..; ¦.¦.¦•¦"¦./:. . _' :.\ 0-L1'. .. . - ©~S •
|| Address THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL ATLAS DEPARTMENT, San Francisco, Cal. {!{
oi0Q9ea00**Q09&9mQe&990*090Z099999009Qm9*0QG9ee90e9*90Qe999*99999999Q99*m9**999^
O Q.T.. [ I : ij^TTi .H..H..;..I..1.-I'-X"H-H"I"M"I"I"1"I || 1 I !¦ -I-I M 1 I M' I I I 1 I I 1 I I I"H I M IIIH M I M"I Ij'I"H I ?;..H"I"I"H"I"H"H"I' ¦!¦¦!¦ ¦H"I--I-I"H'i 'II I"l !¦¦!¦ M I M I I III 1 1 ¦!! 'M-M- !¦!¦! I 1 I ¦! II 1 I III I I MI I I I 1 I t I M ¦! I I 1 I 1-1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ••THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901
28
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles, Piles. Piles. Piles: ortr 200
permanent eures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be intervi*— «d ;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Phynlclan. box 193). CalL
HORSES AND WAGONS.
4ft HORSES for §al«: also wagons. bu<glt«.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
X27 8lxth St.; auction salea every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN — DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Ita
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
II. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gata ave.
FOR sale— Double or single team horses; Iarg9
express wagon: also fine cart. Apply at 44O
Cortland ave.. near Mission st.
FOR sale— «1_3: young, strong, stylish work or
carriage horse; dark color. 2701 Twentieth
St.. corner Hampshire.
FOR sale— Almost new light roadster, buggy
and harness; cheap. Apply 54OA Grava st."
$SA— TOP buggy, piano box. nearly new; bar-
gain. «22 Market, room 8.
I FRESH Durham cows: rich rnHk; 1$ to Z3
quarts dally; gentle. S3 Shotwell »t.
THREE fart road horses; also som« good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
A— 10O SETS t ;cond-hand harness: — ajron^.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. B33 Mission.
HO-SES TO LET,
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; •«_- for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SCNNT corner: • rooms and bath, yard, etc: *
rent reasonable. Comer Twenty-sixth st. *ad
Ean Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
HOUSE. 4 room*, large lot and chicken hous«.
4112 Sixteenth St., near Ashbury: rent J7.
HOUSE of S rooms; 2 lots: large basement:
rent $14. Key corner Eighth and Alabama.
HOWARD, 1105— Upper part house 5 sunny
rooms, bath. yard. Key at barber shop.
MODERN house. 8 rooms, first-class style. 1311
Euchanan st.
$10—4 SUNNY rooms. 515 Thirteenth St.. near
Market.
HOUSES TO LET KCR.MSHED.
I ELEGANTLY furnished T-room. sunny flat:
; adults only: rent reasonable; open from 2 to
; 4. 16C3 McAllister st.
PARTLY furnished modern 9-room home: large
yard: party with references only. 2331 Pierce.
WILL rent all or a portion of a sunny, well-
furnished house of 10 rooms: gas and a coal
range; telephone; rarrt: stable. 614 Capp st.
IIOL'SES WANTED.
WANTED— \ modern residence of 9 or mor»
rooms: must be north of Oearr and east. of
Devisa^ero. sts. Address box 1715. Call offlc".
house: clkani.\g.
JAPANESE Hous« Cleaning Co., eatab. 1830:
removed to 419 Devlsadero st.. tel. VfV. 1M.
L0ST ASD Fol r X D.
LOST— Masonic emblem pin set with flv« dia-
monds. _'in.1er return to SERGT. "WOLF.
Southern Police Station, and receive reward.
LOFT— Chamois bag containing 2 diamond
rlne.i and a small pair of diamond sct»w
earrings and a stamp picture. Finder please
return to Rev. MRS. M. S. LEVY. 1_*>
Post St.. 'and receive JK-0 reward.
LOST^A bunch of keys oo Battery st. or
Montgomery ft. Finder will receive reward
by returning to SS Second st.
LOST — A passbook with The fllbernia Sa»ing»
and Loan Society of San Franct«co in th»
rame of P.ARTLETT B. MORRI3SET. No.
2'M-63l. The nrnWr will please return to bank.
LOST— Purse 'cpr.talntnsr ?'* 5<V Finder pleas*
return to STll-'H X. FITKPATRICK. Stand-
aril Shirt Factory. Gough and GroT« sts.:
reward. .v'
Pt'RSE lost In vicinity of Fourth and Bryant:
liberal reward. ~M3 Bryant st. ¦
NTGGET stick p!n with diamond center; liberal
| reward. H. B. LINDH. 2 Golden Gate ave.
I LOST— January 27, black cocker spaniel. Bess.
Finder please return to 1617 Alcatraa . ave.,
• Lorin. Bertseley: reward. * •
GOLD watch & chain: inscription "From Moth-
er to Mamie." Return 2702 20th: lib. reward.
"Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. fc'olt*.
Jeweler. ?« CFRrrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, sliver diamonds and preciqus stcnes
bourbt. J. R. JENKEL «17 1-wkoi ft.
MATTRESSKS .\.\D FIIXOTVS.
_ATTKEsSe Fan I> PILLOWS, tel. Soutn JS3.
made to order, renovated; hon»st worlc guax- j
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fln« ui>-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKR TiROS.. 31S and 320 Kleventh wt.
MATBIMOMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1S37: reliable A con-
ftdcntlal: lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. .708 _Uia st.
MEXJICAL. .
DR find Mr?. DAVIES. 122S Market, the- well-
known ladles' specialists: 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return samn
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
' send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TRF.AT-
MENT. a sure cure; riveg Instant relief: harm-
less; any one can use it; stamp for circular.
DR. G. "W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market.
epip. " 5th; world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
yeara; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him. ¦.'-•',
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market St.. cor. glxth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
15:. positive cure guaranteed: when others fail
consult free. MRS. PR. KOHL. -*
DRS. GOODWTN. 1007^4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., ft
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; *•• fre*.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yr_'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home- for patients: con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLKN. 1033, Market— Ladles'
elallst; safe arid sure cure. %»; best ear»; low
fee»; when all others fall consult fre*.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR. ladieV
specialists; new process;, sure enre; no medi-
cine :every woman h«ro— n physician. 333Kean»T
MRS. Dlt'GWYER. ladles' specialist; boraa
for TMtiert*. W>4 F.ddv st. ¦
MINES AND MINING.
MONTEZrMA rnppKR PTOCK3.
• MONTEFIITMA COPPER 'STOCKS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
Montezuma copper ores carry values that
make a safe and conservative investment, with
all the profit to be gained thpugh speculative
buying. We will prove It to you.
"Washington 1* drstlned t" be one of the- great-
est copper producing States. W« will prova
It to you.
THE MOXTK7.UMA MINING COMPANY. «
THE MOXTEZl'MA MINING COMPANY.
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY.
Has 24 of the bent prr.pertl»s In Washington,
and development- work I? being carried for-
ward on the greater number of them. In th*
Tacoma group thousands of tons of ore aver-
aging JfS per ton In values are on the dump
awaiting the extension of the railway.
Th» Montezuma Company la absolutely out
of debt.
Its stock Is non-assessable under th« laws of
Washington.'
Its management represents the highest busi-
ness character of the Ptate.
The. mine* are permanent fissure veins.
Copper can b<» produced mnre cheaply her*
than elsewhere because no expensive hoisting or
pumping machinery is needed: timber, coal,
water, lime in unlimited quantities: only fifty
miles by rail from sea navigation: ores stmpla
pyritlc. easily smeitered and concentrated.
The Montezuma la a bijr. strong, safa com-
pany.
Its stock is held by Investors all over th«
Union.
Jt cff»s» to-dny the best opportunity for a
safe and 'profitable investment of any mining
ecnccri In the worH.
Par value of the stock $1. For a short time
It Is offered at 7c cash and ?e on Installments
to suit. '•'¦••
Write or call for a prospectus and other
printed matter that will add to your store of
knowledge concerning the century's most prom-
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
COMPANY.
Selling Agents.
310 Safe Deposit building. Pan Franeiseo.
RICH gold fields in this State: prospector wants
•¦nartner with J.".W«: chance of lifetime. Address
box 174?. Call office. .,
, MINING AND ASSAYING.
MINER returning to Alaska desire* partial .
* "grab stake for en« year; references. Address
box. 1712. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT^WANTED— MALE.^
STEADY, reliable young man who understands
care of horses desires position as coachman
or gardener; understands how to milk, etc.;
. city or country; references. Apply THOMAS,
Ahlborn House, 321 Grant, ave.
SALESMAN, traveling California, would take
good side lice lor responsible house. Address
box 1730. Call office. . .
SITUATION wanted by a young man attend-
ing the Cal. School of Design: a home with
a good family. "Address box 1713. Call office.
YOUNG man 23 wants Job to do light porter
work; city or country. Box 1735, Call offlce.-
GOOD all-round house painter wants steady
work: country preferred; 5 years in one shop.
. Box .1407. 'Call office. ¦ . :
CARPENTER, first-class and sober, can do
some mlllwrightlng. wants Job with some
compnny at $3 pen day. Box 1739, Call office.
COOK— Experienced ' meat and pastry: hotel,
restaurant, boarding-house. 802 Montgomery
et.. corner Jackson, room 17.
ANY kind of 'work by an ambitious man, age
20; good habits. Address B., Call branch, 639
McAllister «t- . .
GCOD carpenter wants work, either by day or
take jobs; good references; give address. A.
D.. Frultvale, Cal.
YOUNG man. thoroughly acquainted -with the
-raiElng of chickens and the running of in-
cubators, seeks a position; good references.
Box 1754, Call Office. .
CARPENTER, good millwright and general
man from East,- total abstainer, wishes
steady position with manufacturing or other
- corporation; city or out: dlstance.no objec-
tion. , Box 1700, Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes employment; possesses
fair business ability; can handle carpenter
tools; also paint: low wages; city or country."
Box 1703, Call office. .
BARTENDER. German, good mixer, desires
position, city or country; beat of references.
Address G. M., 1104 Larkin St. ¦ , ;
CLERK would like position In rooming or
lodging-house; wages reasonable; have experl-
eoce. X. Y. Z.. 321 Ellis 'st. .
EOBER and reliable young married man wants
a permanent pcsltlon as night watchman;
best of city references. Address F. B. S.,
87% Natoma st., cltv. .
INDUSTRIOUS German, Gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers: in private family; very
useful and willing: references; city or coun-
try. Box 1470. Call office.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long expedi-
ence in landscape gardening, growing of flow-
ers, greenhouse and orchard work, wishes a
situation on a private place. Box 143S. Call.
PROSPECTOR wants grub stake; understandj
placer and 'quartz. Address room 305, Win-
chester Hotel.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has ¦ been established " at 1008
Valencia street.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
V~ ATTT~n P*rTfiPT f-M Stevenson st.
• FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New. flats on Buchanan et.. between
McAllister and Golden, Gata ave.; B and 9
.rooms and bath: all th« latest lmorovements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister, st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
14 Montgomery st.
______________ ____
Four rooms and bath; modern and newypor-
celain tub: rent $22 50. Key room 123 Murphy
building. 1236 Market St.
DESIRABLE sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath;
rent $24. 1650 Hayes st.,.near Panhandle.
FOR rent— Furnished flat; 6 rooms; bath, gas;
$20 a month. Box- 1746. Call office.
LKAVF.NWORTH. 1519H— 4 sunny rooms and
bath: hot and cold water: gas.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath and cellar. In-
quire 1308 Powell st.. bet. Broadway and Pa-
clflc: rent $15. -¦
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar: rent $10; sunny; no children.
IF "you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN - HGWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN fiat. 8 rooms, bath; good order. 112S
Howard St., near Seventh.
SUNNY fiat of 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping; Apply 723 Fulton st.
2 -FINE 'new flats-for rent; $14 and 116. 120?.
1211 Sanchez st. .
3, 4 RM. flats, with large yard; stables. 2 Hay-
ward st.. off Harrison, near Eighth.
3 ROOM8 and hnll at 12V4 Bruce place, off
Folsom St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
$7— FLAT, 3 rooms, yard.' on Linden ave.;
¦water free. Key at 624 Fell at. '
" FLATS TO LET; — fTtJUJUSHEn.
FURNISHED flat to let; 4 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. 113 Thirteenth st.
NEWLY furnished flat for rent or sale. 430
Eddy st.
FUnXITimE FOR SALE.
FURNISHED house of 11 rooms; on sunny side
of O'Farrell st., between Mason and Taylor;
rent reasonable. Box 1370, Call office.
NEWLY furnished flat; must be sold Monday.
710 Taylor st.
4 .ROOM- furnished In oak »4S 40. with No. I
ranee. Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
, FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk Gi»4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys' your furniture, carpets,
pianos, .etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for gecond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HEIil" WAV- KH FE..1 ALI2. . .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 183
...; HOTEL DEPARTMENT
50 waitresses and chambermaids for city.
Northern and Southern California and Ari-
cona, $20 to $30, free fare and fare advanced;
fancy Ironer and marker and distributor, $40,
hotel, country; laundress, institution, city,
$25 .; :
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, houseglrls, second girls, city and
country, good wages
C. R. HANSEN & CO.-. 104 Geary st.
TWO nursegtris. $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary Bt. " .
THREE waitresses for Salt Lake City. Utah.
* $20, transportation here. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitress, country hotel, $30.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming; terms
eary: references ' given. 1107 . Van 'Ness ave.
LADY : who knows something of Japanese art;
salary. Call between 2 and 4, room 5. S Mar-
ket st. - ; • » ¦
GIRL wanted general housework: no cooking;
no dishwashing: $20. 1502 Post st.
GTRL to; do cooking and housework; wages
$20; three in family. 1244 California St.
NEAT, " willing girl; private family: good
• home. Address, ref. and wages^ box 1733, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators pn silk waists.
NEWBAUER BROS.. IS First St.
OPERATORS and riveters on overalls. ; HEY-
NEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
FIRST-CLAPS French or German cook; one
having been in 'Jewish family preferred; city
references required. Call Sunday morning, or
Monday, from 2 to 8 p. m.. 2129 Jackson st.
WOMAN to care for child: 2 years. Call to^
day, room 12, Ahlborn Hotel, Grant ave.
LADY experienced: solicitors, SI a day and
commission: permanent: sure seller. Room
7. 803 Market St., • Monday," 10 to 9.
FIRST-CLASS - finishers on pants. BELASCO
. &. HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. (upstairs).
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while ;
learning. 13ELASCO & HARRIS CO., 641
Market st, •"•'¦¦•'-
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants and vests.
BELASCO. & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
(upstairs). ••
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to assist: in
housework In a kind country home: child no
objection; . moderate ' wages; no children in
family. Apply to 227 Second St., Monday.
VESTMAKER who can take charge of factory:
state last place and how long employed.- Box
.17-10. "Call.- ¦¦¦'.:.¦. -.. -, r - .
WANTED— A paid apprentice for dressmaker.
837 Post st. >- . " . : /
WANTED— Middle-aged woman assist with
housework ; .. no • children : '. good home; Scan-
dinavian or German preferred. .¦> 143 Rusa st.
GIRL for cooking. and light* housework; 3^
family. Cnir Monday, 1S66 Vallejo st. ¦
GIRL: with experience I in . operating on custom
coats, and apprentices; paid - while ¦ learning .
..'126 Rusa st. ;¦ '- -\: -.-' ¦ -¦ ,,-..,. r; »-^/ r V
"WANTED--A refined. .- middle-aged woman Jfor
'responsible position: must- be capable. -~ with-
-¦ out > incumbrances. - Box 1747, ¦ Call of flo-
'business chances— continued!."
1550— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 309. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 5:30.
}30 WINS JSOO per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for cale.
Apply business office. - - - . . ';.-
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL for sale— 145 rooms: clears $500 every
month: price to- suit.' DECKER. 1020 Market.
2S-ROOM house, clearing ' $1W>
per month. Price only $1450
!6-room house, near O'Farrell and Powell."
. ¦ • Price onlr-tl800
E0-room boarding-house;" clears ?400. ...... $5000
100-room house; best on earth.. 9000
16-room house, clears $100; price .'... 750
!6-room house; clears IICO; Pine st 830
1C rooms; north of Market st 750
60-rocm boarding-house; clears $300 6000
10-room flat; downtown ' 500
14 rooms; on Mission st 200
to rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash."."..... 2600
15 rooms; on .Third st. 600
j 46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3500
£4 rooms; on Oeary st.; cleara- $150...;:.. 1900
2S rooms: on Kearny St.; clears $150 1600
33 rooms; on Market st 1400
II rooms; clears $75 450
K00 others— Prices from $100 to $:5.000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKEK. 1020 Market; phone Mlat 738.
WINSTON _-WO_F,-'lW6 Market St.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
16 rooms; J2.*,0 cash, balance $10 month.... $600
IS rooms; central: must sell 700
i '24 rooms; rent $*S0: a snap 1C03
2. r , rooms; corner; reDt J30.'. • 12C0
11 rooms; part cash: near Orpheum S00
SO rooms; cheap rent; part cash 1200
37 rooms; offices: money maker j'. 2100
60 rooms: rent '$115; north of Market 2 "M
40 rooms: modern house; elegant..;... 3000
MARION GKYFFIN. *
"19 Market et., near Call bldg.. Tel. black 1803
Over 500 houses for sale... .Plense call
10 rooms;-rent $35; Income $60.,.. ...... ....$350
27 rooms;" nice; income $250: fine furni-
ture; owner leaving city:' reduced from
$2500 to 19°°
17rooms;*n. Mkt; easy terms; respoctable.700
22 rooms; rent $60: must be sold ;...30C0
LODGING-HOT'PE buyers, -notice 1 *. I have larg-
est list of lodging-houses and hotels: can suit
all buyers; tUIe given with each house sold;
money loaned buyers; no fake prices; before
buying call and be .convinced.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market Bt. ; tel. Mint 1911.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
S7 rooms: .money-maker; near Market.... 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.'. 350
35 rooms; Leavenworth : rent $57 HO !)M
10 rooms, $4KO: 10 rooms, quick..- 830
FISHER & CO.. .1032 Market St.
CALL end see our list of bargains in houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23
Sixth st. . '
TO buy or eell business chances or lodglng-
houyes. s*e ANDREW PRICE, 30. Kearny st.
BUYING and selling lodging-houses a specialty;
hours 2 to 3. HAYNEfi. 11 City Hall square.
A SNAT*— 6 rooms, bath: other conveniences:
steady roomers; going Eaat; make -offer. 413
Larkin st.- . i . .
$S00— IS ROOMS: good furniture: rent $44; pays
• well; always full; going away. Box 17C4, Call.
LODGING-HOtTSE of 16 rooms, nicely fur-
r.lshed. all full; cheap rent. Call 251 Third..
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT^rT^FARnIiaM. worId"M-e7io^vned~splrit^
ual medium: advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits,- divorces, deaths; unites- the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun:. Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
M3 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no Ficn.
C. Mayo-Strers, 112'i Oak St., tnnce medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.i tel. " Howard 527.
MRS. LESTER— Readings. ROo: circle every eve,
ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Wed. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. GIIJ^INGHAM— Hours. 9 to 4: meetings
Tues.. Thnr.Sun.: devel. Frl. eve, 305 Larkin.
eTrLE. 305 Taylor st., corner Ellis— Sittings
dotlv; seance Sunday. Tuesday and. Thursday.
MRS. WEST, wonderful 'medium and healer;
readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. .l7T"\vmTNEY. trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
MRS. AITKEN— Clairvoyant and test -medium;
FlttinRs daily. 110 McAllister St., flat 1.
MME. MAJORS, gifted Eplrltual .medium,
healer and card reader. 148 Eddy st.
FP.IENDSHIP Hull. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: fittings dally: tests to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR The gypsy! "™ ~"7 ~~~~
I ISMAR. the. Egyptian GypT'. draws aside the
j uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
! go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where buc-
j cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
| sight into the future. If you are In trouble cf
any kind, discontented, unhappy or riot satls-
' tied in life, contsult ISMAR. for- she-Is a proph-
i etess of world-wide fame and her.name has be-
• come a proverb in thousands of homes made
! happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
! consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., 8un-
! days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
i Market Bt., opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
i tions answered, $1. Full life reading, $5. See
I my dipplay ad on page 22.
! MRS. E. M. DUVAL. ~" — -
: 215 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS 8-10.
i Late of Los Angeles.
I MRS. DTTVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant.
and business medium. She tells your past.
present and future life. If there are obstacles
' in the path of your life she can tell you how
to nvold and overcome them.
She Gives Accurate Tips on the Races.
I MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully in
! Los Angeles for the past nine years for all the
j principal business people, as well as those in
! the highest society, and still h_a patrons there,
| to -whom she will continue to give her valuable
j advice. Mining a specialty.
j MM_. M. BERNARD,
I THE FAMOUS *
I Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
1 Is permanently located at 17. Third St., next
Examiner building. Sha reads your life cor-
i rectly, gives an accurate description ot the
i past, reveals the present, happenings and por-
| trays events to occur in the .future. If you
J are in trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
Fatlsfled Id life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them. *
; Valuable a'dvice in all affairs of life.
I Full life reading by mall: write for lnforma-
I tion: 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
WHY go In the dark? Go to the best clair-
voyant, card reader and palmist, and she
I will tell 'you oil you want to know; she
gives good advice in all matters; If you aro
] • sick she will cure you of all your ailments
and make you happy and well. MME. YA-
LEEN. 215 Leavenworth st.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business affairs,
sale's of property, oil. mines andiawsults; do
you want a better position? Call and learn
how to get it. MRS. E. SANDEN. 1104 Mar-
' ket Ft., room 23. '
MRS. DR. V. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; eend stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with doublft , v«ll — second sight;
diagnoses' disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 00. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 (Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 2^c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor. Sixth.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, business me-
dlum; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. 8-10.
MRS. .VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth.
CI»AIRVOYANT, mineral psychnmetrirt, palm-
ist and card, wading, 25c. 1241% Market st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and. card reader: 25c. .7 Seventh st. .
MRS. BROWN. 109 Fifth st., room _— Scicntl-
flc card reading.
MME. St. Elmo— Special this week, $1 readings
23c; palmistry, water readings. 944 Mission.
MME., HANSON, palmistry, card reader; paat,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 14.
MME. 8YBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladlea. S14 O'Farrell st.
MRS. -Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. U, 6th;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S45.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie- gt. '
MME.' AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth. or no pay; 25c. ' 1149. Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business,
sdvice: nsrne* riven: 2Ro im. - R .Fourth st.
CAIIPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you 'bocome disgusted' with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
• inx Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40. -.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
gTRATTON'S, a Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944. «
i. E.' MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating .< and''Reno>
rating Co..-?40 Fourteenth st.;- .tel., Mission 74.;
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter it.:
tel.' Main 394. QEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. ; :
CONKLIN' S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Owte wve. : telephone East 126.- - -¦ . . .¦ .
, * - v CHIROPODISTS. ."V/v \
CORNS, bunions. ingrown - nails, -, warts, ; chll-
l blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 413 Sutter.
MEETING NOTICES.
PIONEERS— The rrgulat -rfTtSJJK.At^fr&r-
monthly meeting of the /£2Sj'«S?- v 7v'_'_Brak
Society of California
Pioneers will he held on **&<S&^.&l3!£! : 'm
MONDAY. Feb. 4. 1901. /W^SW^^l
at 7:30 o'clock p. n_ A _^]S_y H
full attendance Is ' re-
quested as business of special Importance
will come before the meeting.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at th« offle* of the company,
number 229 Crocker building. City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, on
MONDAY, tht 11th day of February. 1901. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing directors for the er.sulng year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come before eaid meeting.
B. M. RICKEY, Secretary.
Dated January 2S..1901.
AGENTS WAXTED.
THE book war: Life and Times of Queen Vic-
toria: only official, complete book: biggest
and best: price* cut: 60'per cent profit; 1000
agents wanted: a million copies will h« sold
In 60 days: valuable premiums free with t-ach
book; credit given; freight paid: general
agents wanted on salary; book outfit alone
free: both book and premium outfits prepaid
for 20c; order o.ulck. Address sole authorized
American pubs., Monroe Book Co., Chicago.
QUEEN VICTORIA— Sell complete authentic
history of her long eventful career ably told
by highest authority: Includes stirring events
of greatest epoch of the grandest century of
the world's progress & civilization; most lib-
eral commissions & premiums guaranteed:
largest & best book at roduc«d price; 66 2-3
per cent profit; credit given; freight paid:
complete outfit free; deal with mfr; general
agents wanted. CWcago Bible House. Chicago.
SOLICITOUS capable of handling a high grade
wcrk Rmong the best class of buvers will
find Judge Brewer's ".World's Best Orations"
snd "World's Best Essays" the best sellers
cf th* new century. California office,- room
C0«. Adams bldg^
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanent !y removing superfluous hair; will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
tkln: personal demonstrations free: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. agcy.. 426 Ellis.
A COMPANY with 3 producing wella, fourth
drilling, land f^r SO more; soon pay dividends;
wants agents sell stock: big commission. Ad-
rtress hox 1T43. Call office.
AGENTS — Do you want something more- profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. K PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS to -sell new. process window washer;
water tank, sponge and rubber dryer com-
bined. KIEFKR BROS.. Cleveland. Ohio.
AGENTS— Bonanza; send a self -ad dressed
stamped envelope for circular and particulars.
Address box 170?, CalljsfficfS
ENERGETIC solicitors for city and bay towns
to represent reliable business. Box 143S, Call
rfRce.-
AGENT In every town; new Imported house-
hold necessity: best thing on the coast.
AAAr*~* Dundee Mfir. Co.. 14 Flood blflg.. K-F.
AUOPTIOX.
HEALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DP..
FTNKr. 1<16 Eighth St.. Alameda.
i ASPHALTt'M ROOFIXff.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r«-
paired; postal. 11*8 Mission: tel. Fol«om 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe« without Fuccess; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SaO Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK \V. SMITH, mlntns and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3, 4th tlr. : tel. Red 361*.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket gt. : c.-vnFUltatlon free: no fees In advance.
HATH CABJ5TETS.
BAThTcXbINETS : nOBIXSON. Niagara. Per-
' fection and others. Ac-ency. 426 Ellis st.. S. F.
ELECTRIC lisht bath cabinets to let and for
rsl«». KZ* Point Lobos ave.
uuAitui.vr. Fttn children.
LAPY with own home would like 1 or 2 small
children to board; good care. .3218 16th st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BTYERS OF "BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES—
You can secure nne businesses in saloons,
groceries, cigar stores, hotels, delicatessens,
«jrug stores, butcher shops, barber Bhqps. In
lact. if you are looking for any kind of I
business, call. I can supply you. Perfect j
title guaranteed and money loaned. Can j
you expect more? Profit by callnlg on me .
before buying. !
G. "W". SCHWEINHARD, J
Rooms 1-5. 917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th, |
Phone Mint 1911.
UNDERTAKING BUSINESS. '< ;
iioco— Read this: We have for sale an nn-
eUrtaking business, first class in every par- !
tleular and doing an average business of about i
J1200 per month: books open for inspection and |
accounts guaranteed; an old corner stand; i
would consider exchange for good stock land |
pway from bay: . extreme sickness cause of j
srie- business will net $500 per month clear. !
Apply quickly, ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway, I
Oakland. . I
FIRST-CLASS saloon; elegant fixtures; must
sell before February 1: owner must go north;
trial given; easy terms: see this bargain. !
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market St. j
TO buy, sell or exchange real estate, store or |
business place e*ll on H. C. DECKER, 1020 |
Market Bt.. No charge for advertising.
HOTEL and bar near Union Iron Works; cheap .
rent; ofTer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market St. i
PARTNER wanted in a large, old-established j
profitable business, controlling a good, safe, .
solid and reliable trade: owing to retirement '
of former manager owner has decided to sell ;
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties ;
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally In the management <tf the busi-
ness; capital required £5003 to 110.000; full
value In sight; books and business open for '
Investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market et. .
$2j,WiO— RENTS $350 per month; must be sold,
account of Owner retiring: fine hotel in large
mining town on railroad: oldest and best
house in town, now doing good profitable
business; will be sold complete, lot. building, :
fixtures. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery
st.. S. F. ¦__. :
FOR rale— A whole" or half interest in an old
established dental practice, Including a val-
uable professional library and all the ap- I
purtenances pertaining to a first-class office:
centrally located. Addrese box 14»8. Call. ¦
WANTED— Boarding or lodging house. 25 to 40 I
rooms: between- Market and Sacramento,
1 Powell and Hyde Fts.; state terms. Address
box 170S, Call office.
FOR sal" — Millinery business established 9
years; fine location; great bargain. For par-
ticulars inquire of MRS. E. E. BANGS,
Stockton. Cal.
FINE corner grocery. Western Addition; hica
F.tock; splendid* chance for a rustler: sickness
' cause of Belling. Address box 175, Call office.
FOR pale — Bakery doing business of $50 per i
day: rent $».»: no wagons; cause of sale, sick-
ness; bargain. J. REUSAH, 1121 Folsom st. |
STATIONERY, candy and Jce cream; old es-
tablished business. C25 Valencia «t., be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth. . :
FOR sale— -A good store fitting and carpenter
rhop: half Interest or the whole thing; well
established. Hox 1710. Call office, /
TO lease — Unfurnished, hotel. 21 rooms, good-
r-aying bar. at San Rafael station. Owner, 11 .
Lyon st., San Francisco.
FOR sale— Paint and pajv»r store: established -
15 years: selling on account of death. 403
Uc-ugh St., rear Hayes. • •
CANDY, cigar and stationery store; laundry
office; only those meaning business apply,
CC3 Post e^ . . t
J223— BRANCH bakery, delicacies; good busl-
nefs; cheap rent; fine rooms. Box 1732, Call.
f'00— RESTAURANT; good location; good bus!--
- ness. Address box 20S3. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Good mining, manufacturing or
timber proposition. Address box 1744, CalL
YOUNO lady would like partner with small
capital. Box 1313, Call office.
LAUNDRY route In largest and oldest estab-
lished laundry In city; $450. Address box
1325. Call office.
GROCERY; old established, fine business cor-
ner; at a sacrifice on account. of sickness.
Hox 1706. Call office.
CANDY and notion store for sale.- 1155 How-
ard nt.
WANTED — A party to run coffee house. Par-
ticulars CofTee John. 613 Clay st.
|<r>0— CIGAR etore, 'clubroom. laundry office.
333 Third st. • ';-.;- '
OUTSIDE route on this paper for salt. Apply
Call Business Office.
AA— 1400: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. _d ave. ¦ station. • E. Oakland.
STATE rights: up to date freezer; ice cream
In half-minute; $1000 required. - S. - SWEE-
NEY. French Hospital.
FOR sale cheap— A ' complete patent • brick
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co., Hilton",
Sonoma County, Cal. " . ¦ »
. • " COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leps successful. Room 310. 937 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-D_NTXL"cl^INICriorMaT-
ket Et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have ; your extractions done painlessly; teeth
- without plates pur specialty; gold • crowns,
IS 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHKR. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days »n ail
• plates, crowns and bridgewotk. Seeour^new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, }3 CO; fillings. We: plates.
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Denial Pnrlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings ; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; _ price*
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. CJEOROF. W. LEEK. 20 O'Fnrrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. Mi Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when • plates are
made: old plates mad* over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. SOc: gas given.
THK New York . Dentibts have moved to S69
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
pofltlve iialniess extraction. i*0c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235- Kearny. cor. " Bush-
Full set of teeth. ?4; crowns. $3:' fillings, 23c.
DR. H. Q. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
nmlner building: formerly In Murphv bldg.
VAN VKOOM— "Painlets"; evenings and tjun-
<J*ys. loot Market at., corner Sixth.
fiET of teeth without plates. ' DR. H. O.
DBESKMAKKBS ASP SEAMSTRESSES
MADAME KLOSE, French modiste. Just ar-
! • rived from the East, lias opened first-class
dressmaking parlors at 1019 Market St., room
"5: elevator.
. KDL'CATIOXAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 123« Market «t.; individual Instruction
Sin bookkeeping, shorthand. Knglish branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL 'students hut two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
KESS COLLEGE. 1231 Market st. ¦
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
ond evening; J3 per month; $10 life scholar-
. chip guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercl'al and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past o months: catalogue free.
GALLXGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing arid bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher expert court reporter, teacher of
. shorthand : reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S. BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
B.'. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
eUctrleal and, mining engineering, etc.: day
andnight sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
NEW YORK College of Cutting In Ladles'
Tailoring— Pupils taught; graduates get $75
weekly; patterns cut;, agents appointed for
cities and States. 12^6 Market' Bt., office 19,
PROFESSOR TRAVERSO. "
CALIFORNIA -BUSINESS CO1XEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. S05 Larkin st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited' preparatory
tchool for the unlv.erslty. law and medical
Tollegps: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MINING school of H. Hlrsching. 334 Kearny st.,
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tlon, mineralogy. . geology, coal oil formation.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg/
ENGINEERING; civil, elec, mining', mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: est. 1S84.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 033 Market.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS, 244
• Tajlor st. ' ' '
THE Silvan Guitar Book, by D. Mansfield: Just
out; 125 pretty and caey pieces; at the music
' stores. • .
ARTIST will give private instruction In pen
and wash drawing. -Box 1753, Call office.
ELOCUTION, physlcxl training, voice culture,
for epeech. Calhoun's School, 625 Rutter st.
MANDOLIN, violin, g\ii tar 'players, club prac-
tice. MeriC i. reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
FJtENCH.EpaniPh.etc.Prof.DeFIMppe'sAeade— y
• of languages, 320 Post; estab'dlSTl; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing; Spanish. 137 Mont'y.E: M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
eta ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office ; best
help furn.: domestic eervants: work executed
: with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; teh Bush 3JS.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng -co.; est
1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero': tel. Fell ft6. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;,
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Bt.; tel. Bush 133.
JAPANESE nrnl Chinese employment office;
best help. 628 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 8191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ot-
flce; all klnde help. 315 Stockton: Main 6183.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072. •
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GOOD reliable girl wishes a position as sec-
ond girl or care of children; wnges $30;
Oakland preferied. Address 51S Ellis Bt.
TRUSTWORTHY . saving woman, good cook,
wants position as working housekeeper to
gentleman or with one or. two children;
across the bay preferred. Address A. "\V., '
167.7 Tenth ave.. Sunset District. San Fran.
NEAT competent girl for, general housework :
will do small wash; wages $23. Call at 022
Oak Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED , woman wants work: ' good
plain cook; no "wash; wages *15. 2960B Folsom.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a position at
housework. Apply 2207 1 ,* Pine st.
RESPECTABLE colored girl would like a
place as nurseglrl; -only 1 or 2 children; car
farp. Box 1738. Call office.
LADY wishes situation as governess or vlsit-
¦ Ins governess; teaches French. German, Eng-
lish, music; good references- willing to
travel. Address box 1737.- Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged woman, wishes situa-
tion to do housework or cooking In private
family. Box 1736, Call office.
COMPETENT woman from Philadelphia, can
give good references, wants a situation; is
good cook. 264^4 Tehama St.. .
STRONG German woman wants work by the
day; can give references. Address MRS.
FRANKLIN. 345% Third et.
PROTESTANT woman wishes housework: good
housekeeper; permanent place wanted; refer-
ences given.- Call' Tuesday, no postals, 40
Minna st.
A GOOD, competent Btrong young ' woman
wishes' general housework and window clean-
ing by the day; best of ¦ work; ' references;
wages $1 50 day. Box 171*., Call office.
RELIABLE country girl wants to assist; light
.housework or mind children; $10. Ahlborn
House, 321 Grant ave. " • . ¦.¦ .
RELIABLE woman wants work by "the day;
good laundress. Addresa box 1752, Call. . ;
EXPERIENCED, woman would lik<? work |ln
restaurant, boardlng-houFe or lunch House "to
work from 9 to 3, wait or assist In kitchen.
Call or address «64 First St.. upstairs.
RELIABLE woman wants a few days' wash-
414 Octavla st. ; upper flat.
AN Eastern lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. ApDly 1133 Market et.,' between
Eighth and Ninth, room 2.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse, > middle-aged,
desires work In private home,- institution or
at her own rooms. Address box 1705, Call.
YOUNG woman from the country wants place
to attend a child; wages $10, Address ANNA.
321 Grant ave. '¦ ¦;¦
EXPERIENCED woman with best references
-wishes position as housekeeper or as cook
; ; on ranch. . 1110 Clay ht. '..
YOUNG lady wishes work with first-class
dressmaker; good waist finisher. 1931 Fif-
teenth st.' '¦.:-¦ . . ;¦ : ¦•: ¦• ¦•:¦ • ¦:¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— ICO rooms; .25c to II 60 .night.' SI 50 .to IS
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to nnd-from ferry.' :
EMPLOYMENT WAITED— MALE.
AVANTED-^Positlon as* bartenderNam \ a re-
]'.. liable man; and. a good .mixer; haVe had 20
. years' ! experience in, hotel v bar; am wUling
.to go in Xhe country: can give the best of
references. Address HERMAN SCHROEDER,
I :. 326 : Fourth , st. ¦¦¦¦'- - ,..,..-._..-,
YOUNG.man 19. well educated and living wfth
. p-rents,: desires a position In wholesale house:
•; experienced " In -" office 'work; v references J a_d
bend. : Box 1714. Call office. -
HELP WAST_I>— FEMALiB.
WANTEI>-Experience_ banders on gloves and
two young apprentices. F. G. CONKLIN &
CO., 413 Sacramento St. " -
WANTED— Young girl assist In housework;
small family; no washing. 103S Ellis st.
WANTED— -Girl for -light housework.- 827
Hayes st. '_ -
YOUNG girl; care boy 3 years; good home; $10
a month. Inquire 2 Eighth st.
WANTED— A girl to learn dressmaking. •
Eddy St., rooms. 06-97. ' ' ' '
McDOWELL Drafsmaklng and Millinery School
-The oldest and only established school on the
coast. The leading system, icompetent instruc-
tors; cutting, fitting and finishing thoroughly
taught: designing- a specialty; French milli-
nery added to' our course: now is the time to
prepare for spring work. A lesson In feather-
bone free to those enterins before Feb. 13.
Patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
WOMAN solicitor to" represent a reliable es-
tablished business in the city, Oakland and
Alameda. • F.os 1701, Call office.
GIRL to do hair work. Apply between 12 and
1 o'clock, MME. PHILLIPS. 13) Geary st.
CHRISTIAN girl for general housework. Ap-
¦ ply £712 Folsom St.
SEWTXO machine operators wanted at _«Yl
Strauss Vfe Ca> overall factory, J2H Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVI9.
* ' ____
A LADT or indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 41?. Parrott bulMlng.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at OREENE-
1 BAUM, WEIL A MICHAEL'S. S31 Mission.
GIRLS WANTED ;•
Experienced tobacco strippers. Apply WM.
LEWIS*& CO.. 24 California st.
WANTED- Milliner: head trimmer: state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 1477. Call.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call Branch office. K00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements- and
- subscriptions, has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and be«t in Amerl^a-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada', one year for $1.
postage paid.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phon* Main 6S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Experienced foreman for a solar salt plant.
good wages
sticker hand, planing mill.: - . ...$3 day
groo/n for gentleman's stables... f2O and found
laborer, ranch. Contra Costa. Cn i
choreman and make llttlfe butter. ...?*5 and fd
choreman. private residence $25 and found
3 laborers, city...., $1 7J day
• 2 buggy washers and stablemen, city: farmer
and wife, see boss here; 4 plow teamsters: or-
chard pruners; 2 orchard hands; dairymen.
butter-makers and milkers
WOODC1IOPPERS AND TIEMAKERS. tools,
provisions and cabins furnished.
4 waiters, city and country hotels. ?25 and $30:
3 cooks J30. $35 and- *40
dishwashers $13 and JM
MURRAY 4 READY. 631-638 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT '.
Marker and distributor, J10; presser. 135 to
$40; starch Ironer, $35, for first-class hotel
laundry, country; waiter for springs. $22 50,
fare advanced; German waiter, country" ho-
tel, $30: baker and pastry -cook, hotel. ISO.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t.
10 TEAMSrERS: 5 common laborers, $173: 6
woodchoppers; flrst-cla*« man to run sticker
rcachlna; exeperienoed lumber yard men. Cal.
Emp. Agency, 53 Third st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary. ,
WANTED — In" grocery: Experienced drivers:
boys to learn, the business; boys for office;
want men and boys who wish "a permanent
place; they must have good appearance, clean-
ly and hrlcht; must have first-clas!< refer-
ences. Apply at manager's office. 432 Pine
St., after 10 o'clock. Monday. GOLDtJERG.
BOWEN — CO. ¦
SALESMEN to sell imported and domestic li-
quors; principally fine Kentucky whiskies
• and blends, case and barrel goods to Jobbers
and saloon trade; good chance to the right
man; salary or commission. R. S. STRA-
DER & SON, 69 and 71 E. Water st., Lex-
ington, Ky.
PERSON to travel for old • established
house; no canvassing required; salary S7.S0
& expenses: inclose self -addressed stamped
envelope. Manager, 3S5 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
FIVE Odd Fellows fn good standing In Cali-
fornia and every State; all or part time; per-
manent, desirable position: salary, commls-
slons. THE HAZEN CO.. New York.
WANTED— First-claes driver for delivery
wagon. Apply Monday morning at S. K
. WOOD _ CO.'S. 718 Market st.
WAXTED — 5 good hardwood trimmers. Apply
to foreman, Claus SprecKels' Annex.
CASHBOYS wanted. S. N. WOOD, 713 Market
street.
STRONG boy wanted In sheet metal .works. 17
Drumm st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Call between 9 and 11
'a. 'm.. Hotel Montrose, 1020 Van Ness ave.
BOY about 17 years old for a wholesale house.
Address F. G., box 1749. Call office.
WANTED— Young man to work around oyster
house. 212 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor;
wages or commission. 1213 Market st.
WANTED— Office boy (colored), over 13 vears;
grammar school gratluate; neat and active.
Address, with references and full particulars.
to box 13_. Call office.
BRIGHT boy. 15 to 17 years., to clean about
jewelry store and run errands; must work
evenings until 9; wages $5 per week. Addres*
box 1323. Call office..
EXPERIENCED hotel runner, sober and hon-
est: must speak German and Scandinavian.
Ahlborn House. 321 Grant ave.
EOY to learn grocery business; $3 per week
to commence. Box 1707. Call office.
WANTED— Boy about 13 years of age in whole-
sale house. Box 1702, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions; thousands appoint-
ments made from civil service examinations
held March and April; catalogue Iree. Co-
lumbian Correspondence College, Washington.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and elec-
tricians— New 40-page pamphlet of questions
asked by examining board of engineers: free.
G. A. ZELLER. publisher. St. Louis. Mo.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc.; fre«
scholarship In engineering awarded to few
. well recommended applicants. American
Schoql of Correspondence, Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push-
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSuN
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marina Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not j
• let* than 5 feet 4 inches and not over t fe«t
1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
tpeak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marjne Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
«t-. Ran Franei«co. Cal.
CANVASSERS wanted for "Life and R?lgn of
Queen Victoria." by the eminent historians, i
Prof. Chas. Morris & ilurat Halstead: nearly ;
COO-'pgs; tlze 7x10; 100 richest -Illustrations;
greatest & best; tremendous seller; only SI 50;
"big book; big commissions; credit given;
freight paid: outfits free. Th« Dominion Co..
Dept. V. 3S4 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
GKT ycur Khoes hall-soled wnlle wattinc: too
to BOc. 66? Mission st.. het. l«t and 3d »t».
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. CO.. 24 Sutter st.
FOR sale— Barb«r shop, complete, with flx-
tures; sacrifice; $60> 531 Castro, cor, ,18th. '
MEN OK \VOMKN '.....
- ..." ...Paid Big Commissions ."
UTJCA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANT. n frpear st.
MKN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
| weeks required; position guaranteed: -spe--ial
inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'd
BARKER COLLFOF. «« Clay nt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. ?17 Third st.- l.MMarc*
rooms: !5c per night: II to J2 p«r week.
BRIGHT man of good .-adUrua; money •_.
¦ vance.l to right 'party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 302 'Post *t.'
ALL sizes men'n shoes, sligklly damaged half
price. f62 Mission st.. bet. l«t and !d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and-
Me. Boston House, 930 Howard .st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor worlt for hU tuition
-t S. F. barber school. 741A Howard st.
FF.WIONP-j. H.":_hep_r_ * Co.. old reltab le
firm. E6« Market, room 4«. Pholan : t»i'Mlne.
BAILORS; ordinary seamen and green hanui
all part-, nf world. HERMAN'? i! W sffjlrt!
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near M_-
, ,ket: .00 rooms, *5c night: reading-rooms; fre»
,'r.Up.wnrt r.«ggar» to « nd fntm ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* _n_
\ mifcacrlDtlons has been- established at V3M
Valencia et. - . . ¦
SAJf rnANCisco call.
BrSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Fraoctaeo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
vr.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFlCES-t27 MotrtKonsery itreet.
eorser Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
tOO Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSI McAJUster street; open until »:*0 p. n_
C1S Lark'.n street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
Wl Mission street; open until 16 p. m.
_I61 _l_rket street, corner Sixteenth; open
tmtU Sr.ro.
lOf Ele\-«-nth street; cpen until t p. i— .
1QM Valencia street; open until 9 p. --
Korthweet corner Twenty-Becot- and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. nv
CHIKCII SEUVICBS. "£
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, at TounjB
Men's Christian Association, M_son and t-1-
lis Ms.— Kev. John Uemphill, U.U.. i>aKtor.
will preach a.t 11 a., tii. _«>d 7:S0 p. m. Topic
evening. "CalleU vo a KingJom." The sacra-
Kient of the Lords eup^er will be observed
_nd reception cf new members at the close
of the morning service. Sabbath school and
Mr. Joljneton'u Bible class at 12:40. Chris-
tian Endeavor at 6:30. tpecial programme
In celebration ot the t-enutth anniversary.
Wednesday evening prayer meeting at s
o'clock. Young men specially iuvited.
Str_n«er8 cordially welcomed.
FIRST Pr«-F*.>yter!an Church. Van Ness ave.
end Sacramento St.— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D.D.. nilnisur; Rev. William Kirk Guthrte,
aaeociate minister. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:S0 r m., by Mr. Outhrle, Sunday school.
li:30 p- m. V. f. S. C. E.. 6:15 p. m. All
are welcome.
HOWARD Presbyter'.an Church— Mornlnfi, re-
ception of _»eml»crs and communion eervlce.
Evening, sermon l>y pastor, subject, "Val-
ley of .Dry Bones." J. S. Thomas, pa-tor.
UNITAPJAN Church (First), southwest corner
of Geary and Frar.klm sis.— Kev. Bradford
_«avitt. mtsl-ter; B_v. Dr. StcbMns, minis-
ter emeritus; Charles X. Muraock. superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday -chool
Is at 10 o'clock; the ' morning service is - at
11 o'clock; evening at 7:iS o'clock. Morning.
llev. Mr. Leavitt will prtach. Subject.
' _od'e Fool." Evcr.!:.«'. Mr. ilobert Fletch-
er Will epealc on "Art." Music . by >juar-
tet choir. The r-blic is cordially invited.
Annual meeting on Tues— «lJ' evening at S
o'clock.
SECOND Unitarian Church, corner Twentieth
_nd Carp •_>.— Kev. E. F. Dinsmore, minis-
ter. ilon:irie theine, "John _"ieke on 'The
Mymcry of Evil.' " Evening theme. "The
Church and Wage Earners." Free seats and
a welcome.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
— T!.e rter. Fre<3«-ricit W. Ciaiujxrtt. D.U.,
rector. Holy communion, S a. m. and 11 a.
m. Morninj,' service, 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer, 4 o'clock. Friday eervlce, 11 a. in.,
for army and navy. The rector will preach.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Maeon tt.-. — Rev. deor_e C. Adams, D.D..
pa_tor, will preach at both BrTVlce_. At 11
a. ra., theme, "The Nobility of a Chrittlan
Chief Jubilee" (.a memorial of Hon. John
Marshall). At 7:30 p. ra.. theme, "Believe."
All are cordially invited.
B1MPSOX Memorial Methodlet Episcopal
Church, corner of Have* and Buchanan els.—
Rev. Jchn Rtffhma. the i>aFtor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 r- m. The monthly mu-
tlcal service will be held in the evening.
A fine programme will b« rendered by the
large chorus under the direction of I. E.
Blake, with solos, quartet and violin solo.
E<— ts are free. All are invited.
_"II_«T Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. _„ Gutter Ft., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Hitle lesson at i
I!V m. ; subject. "Spirit." Sunday school
. for children at the eante hour. Wednesday
.«-*erlng mee_n«n> at ti o'clock. Free read-
ing-room. ;»« Kearny St.. room E10. All are
welcome. . -
REORGANIZED Church of Jwus Christ has
moved from "2rt Po5t st. to Druids' Temple,
corner Fourteenth and Folsora st*. — Preach-
ing. 11 a. m. and 7:3<J p. m. Sunday school.
$ 45. All welcome. Thl» church was or-
panir-ed by command of God to preach the
potp*>l as a witness to all nations.
CBGBCn cf ."iesiin Christ of Latter Day Saints.
— &er\-ice» every Sunday; Sundar-school. 10
a. m ; 11 a. m. and S p. rn.i !n K.
DTP. Hall. JKS Market et.; one of the Twelve
Apoetle* from Salt Ijake City will occupy the
pulpit in the evening. All welcome. No col- i
lectlonp.
A?FO"]ATIOX Auditorium. Maoon and Ellis !
ft*.— Mass DMctll >( for men only this after-
roon. at 2 o'clx'k. Address on "The Pres-
P^nt Ape" by the Rev. E. E. Baker of Cleve-
land. O. Heats free and all young men In-
vited to this service.
JCEV." Church Society, OTarrell-Ft. church,
re?r Webster— Rev. W. H. Hinkley of Bos-
ton. Mass.. will preach before the society at
11 a. m.. this Bandar. February 3, |M_ Sub-
ject. "The Distinctive Character of the New
.Jerusalem." The public is cordially invited
to attend. Mr. Hinkley will occupy the. pul-
rU of this society during February and
March.
THE Theoson^Jcal Society— Public lecture to-
night at S o'clock in Odd Fellows' bu'.Mlngr
by Mrs. Lulu H. Rogers. Subject. "Mail
rhe Magician." "Golden Chain" group at
11 a. m.-
MEETINGS SISDAY.
DR. J. DEPP."' KKROAX w!!l deliver an ad-
dreps th'.s everiir.c up r »n "The Spinal Column
<jf English Riatorr. or the Royal Line of
E_r!an<i From William the Conqueror to Ed-
ward VII" i uniquely illustrated), at Crystal
Hall. PjthUa Castle, SOJ Market et. Free
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium next Tuesday evening.
Seats free. No collection.
ill;?. Wi;iR, c— _ rvoyut readings and mag-
r.ef.e treatments. r,€2 t-'wenth St.; teL Blue
rei. Holds ten inee'\nics" at Recker'a Hall.
Washinetrn st.. l»et« en Eighth and Xinth.
e\,ery \Yednes<lay evening.
MRS. MAI ¦ D^LOlTirimAkE and Mrs. R. 8.
I.iille. Occident*] Hall. 305 Larkin; 7:23 p.
m. ; Fr-<*akin»r and tests; agnostics invited; 10c.
OAKLAND. Foresters' Mali— Grand spiritual -
1st meetinj by CAPTAIN AND MRS. TO-
niAP. 2:S r >. fr<^>; 7:30, l^r.
A— DR. BIKES' spiritual society. 80S Market.
— 31. free: 2-8. 10c; 7 good mediums; .charter
pivirp out ordination.
SIRS. STODDARD— Convincing tcFt to all; cir-
rte». 10c; Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday; reading
dally. 278 Ninth st.
KARL rBERIIAKPTfi spiritual test moetlng
fwrirht. We :i%0 Twenty-Eecond et.. be-
t*«-n MI«ston nnd Valencia.
C V. MILLER'S materializing Keance. • 1084
Bush St.. Sunday night.
KATIE HUESRMANN'S clrc^ to-night. 2T.c.
s?l_t:B_»». off Howard, near 6th; slttinKs daily.
XT. G. KEEOANS spiritual m~»tmV every
except_Sat.._10_ 1« Sixth. 2d floor.
ATTEND MiW". Marquise's seance to-night at
8 o'clock sharp; 10c. Hyde. nr. McAllister.
MRS. OOXIKChIm. spiritual test meeting,
lficj bring^sealed questions. 5ft5 I^arkln. r. S3.
1IP.S. EVANS. 1^1 Si7th7~r. l«--Circl<rtT-day.
_2-8_r_rn.. l<ir. and every evening exc. Thurs.
MKS. ELSIE I1ETNOLDS. materializing se-
p.r.ce Sunday evening. 3;-9 Taylor st. ; SOc.
EARLE'R seanco to-night. S9S Taylor eL
AT Whitney Hall, n«"o'P_rrell at.; meeting
-to-Olght: Mrs. J. j. "Whitney, medium.
1IME. YOTNGS convincing test circle to-night.
t,'f> MeAlllfier St.: 10c; come, skeptics.
M—KTIXGS — Lnlveraal Urolherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhor^l League <non-
rolitical and non-sectarian). Humanitarian
I>epartment of ITnivetval Brotherhood Organ-
!zation-M«»etir.«t to-nipht at Academy of
Fcienee* Hall. H3 Market «t.. It o'clock. s U b-
<"ct, "Prisons and Prisoner?." by Mr. Som-
era, Musical and literar>- selections. All ln-
vite^. Free library and nend-;uarter*. room 30.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
EXCET^TOR Ixiilff" No. 31i». I. .>_<¦--»„
O. O. F.— Initiation MONDAY _5i»3_Sh_l. '
NIGHT. Teb. 4. at S o'clock. Mom-
bcrs and visitors cordi»l!y invited.
T. C. NIXON, N. Q.
S. SCTiTT. Rec. Pec.
CA LI FORNIA Lr>di*e~No. 1. I. O. <» ' j»>aB_)«_ "
F.-ln!tlatlon Monday EVEN- _*J^S__*
ING, Feb. i. Visitors wp!r---,me. 5^i~V^?
O. H. IDOlfLSON, K, O. "Vh**^
MISSION Rebekah Lodge No. 223. I. <*&&«„
O. O. F.— Open meeting .^ATCR-
DAY. EVENING. Feb. 9, 15CL
Admission free. • r^"*^" :
WE California Debris Ccramiesion. having re-
ceived application* to mine by the hydraulic
process {rom Peter II. Russell, in the Dad's
Gulch mine, near Camptonville, Yuba Co..
to deposit talllngc in Brandy Creek; from
Wm. Abbott and Louis W. Clark. In the
©old Hill placer mine, near Rackerby. Tuba
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine, and from E. C. and P. J. Rlgn*y. In
the Maxey mine, near Mountain Ranch. Cal-
-veras Co.. to deposit' tailings 'In O'Neil's
Creek, rives notice that a meeting will be
fceld at room 59. Flood building. Ban Fran-
cisco.- CaL. on February H. 1501. at 1:10 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
er* of th« UNION TRUST COMPANY of
&an Francisco will be held at the office of
the company In the Union Trust Company" •
bull-ing, rorner Montgomery, Post and Mar-
ket Mi.. San Francisco. Cal., ca MONDAY."
the «th day of February, 19CL at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpoaa of electing
a board of directors to cerve for the follow-
ing year. th« amendment of th« by-laws of
the company and the transaction of , such
other business aa may Mme before the meet-
lfcg. X. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
29
MISCELLA>'EOC9^-FOR SALE.
BOIL>"nf\ engines. Id-hand machinery. Me-
IVTOPH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS. bat_ bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
:.r.> .¦ 1.:::. new and second-hand; we always
have a iarge stork of saloon outfits on hand;
It corr.ilete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everythir.fc in 24 hours. J.
NOON'AN. 1C17. iOIS. W2L 102S Mission «t..
• bove firth: write for catalogue.
A RARE CHANCE FOR BOOK LOVERS.
LARNELVS HISTORY for READY REFER-
F.NCK.
R Royal Octave Volumes of %<m pages each.
2 sets <S vols. earn 1. clovh binding; pub-
liKher'* rrl.-e. $_.; my price $20 00
j RPt (5 vols.) eheep binding, publisher's
pric*. $30; ray price 24 00
3 wi» (S vols. <-acfc». ird buckram bind-
ing; publisher'* price $30; my price.. 24 00
1 set <B vole.), half mor.xv?o binding;
publisher's price. ?*T M; my price SO 05
All are "'brand new and will be- ee<rurely
boxed for shipment; fim come, first served;
only T sets. H. o. PAI.EN. in McAllister st,
Pan FranciKro. Cal.
BHT * brand-new typewriter for $S down and
»5 per month; write for catalogue and price. ;
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California !
ft.; renta's. new machines. $3 per month.
A — _TTT_. Bells or rents gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys
etc. 216 fprar tt.
BEAUTIFUL ladles' fise Wafhburn banjo for
$10; coft originally $C1. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave. , _ ».
F^R File — 1 Iron planer, almost n«w, sire 12x12
Jnche* by f^i feet Song. £25 Erar.nan et., near
Fourth. .--;.
*#X> FT. 2d-hand hlack pipe for cheap purpose;
Si. **»c foot: more. S^c. so on. 64 Silver rt.
GAS engine. 1 horsepower. $T5; see at work.
Pmrt store, f35 Vslencia ft.
CREAT Dan» ruip 5 months, ellver blue, fe-
raaJe. cheap. 2 nighth st.
J"OR "»_!•— Keys Ideal bicycle; "almost new.
tie rd<3y tt,
¦A-J&-TON Howe wagon scale: compound
bt'a- Apply at Tl« California »t.
KA1B and. femcle canary b!rls: also Harser-
Roners, at LOHMAX.NS, 316S Sixteenth Bt.
P-SINGER sewirx machine In good order. 1571
Market et.. near Twelfth.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at _ bargain. CS4 Minslcn et.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery §t., sell
at low f.gureg _n m aket 5d-hand typewriters.
P"IRPT-C1_ISS second-hand modern engines and
boilers, bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
ED-HAND rteam, ras, oil. water and air mi-
chlnery bought and sold. White. 616 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke. 1S» Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magiic lantern goods
bought, «old, exchanged. Iti Montgomery *t.
EAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
WaGIC lanterns, new and 2d-ha_d moving ;
plcturts. BULLARD * BRECK. 131 Post rt.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all siies. TUB
BATi:. lP9-m Market rt.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST _n<J best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, tent to any %ddress In th»
Vetted Ftate* »r Cgnida nr.e year for $1.
MISCELLAXEOCS WAXTS.
A— KX.ETN pays best price for clothing, brlc-a-
brac. eld gold. 1C? f Ixth «. ; phone Jessie 141.
*W'A\7ED-A n er.ginf-pr'peiled wajon or dray.
.?TTS I^n<~l__? eve., Ahmeia.
TAANTEP— 2r:d-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 H.
P. A. J. (iustaveson. Berlin bldg., Taeoma.
LADIITS* and feats' cast-off clothing bought &
>old. SHverman. 9U Fcitom: tel. Folsom 1191.
SJOXEY TO LOA.V.
A— MONET to lean at rates which people~can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.- do
r.rt borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do bus'.neei with strangers
enfl you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
r^b'.lrlty. Rooms S and 10. ?u6 Market tt.
AA — PEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
...... Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial rroblems of all ports and fixes
*cive<«. by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first
eecond mortgages, estates in probate." interest
;n estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
trcrtgaRe* and securities. Room IS, 1st fioor
Chronicle b'Jilding. HALLORAN _ OLSEN'.
A.VY amount at e per cent; lrt. Id and Zd mort-
gagee. undi\-ided interest, real estate in pro- j
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no <Se- ¦
lay; get my terms before co;r.g businei>« else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HiOKLY retpectable. private place to obtain |
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
en rates. Eaiawin Jewelry Store, US Market
tt.: t»I. Main 1644. Branch li Third st.
A— tMO.OOO OX city and country real estate and
estates ; chattel mortgages; nctes and coll_t-
frais. J. BROTTN-STON'E. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates en furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no con_n'.ssion; conaden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory tldg.. S01 Jones.
ilOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
welches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 19 Sixth;
highest prire for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furr'.ture. pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker- \
r.ec: reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room €5. i
ilOXEY lcar.ed salaried people without security.
HILT- rm. 44. Merchants" Ex.. 431 California.
JiOO.000 TO loen on real estate or for building;
low rate. Horr.e Bldg. Co.. 221 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOAN'S. !st or Id mtgs: city, country: «%: undl-
vlded ints. ; egtatee. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on nalarieiTi New York planT
THE TOi;SL_Y CO.. S21 Parrott building.
KON'ET to lean on furniture by private party;
low rate. B17 Market Et.. room _
CAPH loaned to salaried people on note without
inaoraer. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
«»orp«T. S. F. r>l«coum Agency. 14t Phelan big.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS.
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at fcberman. Clay & Co.'a with
'ftfiMt pajiaenta, loweet prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Bteinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
IS per month. We offer to sell come good
pianos for U, $4 and S3 per month, SHER-
MAN. CLAY _ CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny end Sutter ets.. San Kranclsco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
AT «gent*' cost closed out Walla W_!a ag'cy.
Z Etelnways $!_;. tl%«. t?2t
1 Hall*t * Darts M!>i>
J O.i^kerlncs $163. J2sJ
1 Novella $fi3
1 Heine '. »2*2
? Hayne* (50 other*) »23.>
We handle all makes; agents for some old-
en end most famous pianos in existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or buy, $4. $1. $4.
I*ri\i!ege to return or exchange at any time.
TIa:!o-tt & Davi* pianos. exclUFlve. oldest.
ltif>Kt famov. HEINE FIAN'O CO.. 217 (^ary.
THH public have appreciated our very generous
cuts In r rices hy patronising us liberally dur-
ing the great sale we have Just been' having:
*o nmny sales lia\-e b»?n started but not yet
<v>ir:p!ete<1 that Wf are going to continue the
•Vut" for a frw days, in order that no one
may fr-el disappointed who la inclined to take
Dflvantare of it: remember that all our pianos,
De'-ker & firm, Packard. P.aumelpter, Straube, i
Arlinrton. ef.. etc.. are Included in the sale, i
MAT-VATS MTCEIC CO.. 769 Markrt Ft.
AESOLfTELY the oM«*t and '.argent hou«e
west of Chif-sgo t« KOHLER & CHABE's, It.
2S and 90 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical 1n«rum»nts of all grades
¦ n<l prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thlnr posslbie <5oce to please and satisfy the
cu«tonier.
I ORGANS, from »2S 'to ICO.
S second-hand piano*, from JT5 to tl4_
4 new uprights, rrcrn J1.V) to J185.
Ousj-ar.teed; rasv ps>"ments. BENJAMIN
CTRTAZ & PON. K-1S-20 OFarrell st.;
<>ickerirg «rency. • '.:.-:'
FOR wile far below % It* «-o»t. l»»v!ng the <-(ty.
rirh'.y carved grand upright piano; mansard
rr.kf; pscellent tune; as good at new and
werranted. 1149 Howard st.
tT^-PIXS uprirht piano. Factors", Market,
Fourteenth and Church rts-
CN «ale-P««>lntiay upright U88- 217 Geary
ft., room 8€/
FINE S-pedal upright piano; standard make;
ear-rtnee; leaving. olty. 324 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and othert. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 814 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
KCHMTTZ, It McAllister St.. next Hlb.Dank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant, j
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sale of ptanos in storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's 6torage; 1710 Market st.
BYROX MACZV. agency Sohmer _ Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianot. 30! Post-
EPECIAL SALE-lmmpn*e reductions; sea our
leader, only tlSO. BRUBN'.V. 508. Post St.
M'KDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; cwner
leaving city. SSJ MleMon it.
AT KEEFFE'B. MS SUrket «t. « rtegant up-
right*! at your -own price Ehonlca-er agency.
¦_tKET r«nt stock: Jn ctty; new pianos. *3 per
month. £CX)TT-CURTA_. 660 Hayes -U
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOIl 8A-.CU
EASTON. ELDRIDOE _ CO..
628 MARKET ST.
PARK PANHANDLE CORNER RESIDENCE.
$35(X^— Large, elegant corner residence of 8
rooms and bath, on Page St.; lot 30xlC6:3
feet: part cash.
CORNER SNAP IN THE MISSION.
$S500— Northeast corner on Twenty-first st..
near Mission; three fine bay-windowed
houses of 6 rooms and bath; always
rented for $S40 per annum.
POWELL STREET CORNER:
.$S00O— Three stores . and lodging-house of 19
rooms and basement; brick foundation;
rents $100 per month. -..; ; -,
ELEGANT FULTON STREET RESIDENCE.
$7500— Lot 38:9x137:6 feet: larze residence. 19
rooms and. bath: all modern Improve-
ments; two froutases.
PARK PANHANDLE -RESIDENCE.
$7000 — Modern house. » rooms and bath and
basement; one block from panhandle; lot
2ixlC0 feet; must sell; make offer.
NINETEENTH STREET BARGAIN.
$6300 — Two fine bay-windowed flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath, and two houses of 6
rooms each; 60- foot frontage. ,
PAGE STREET RESIDENCE.
$6500— Substantial, well-built residence of 8
rooms and bath: north side, near De-
visadero st.; lot 25x1 J7:S.
FINE, WELL-BL-ILT FLATS.
$6300 — Three bay-windowed flats of 5. 5. 6 rooma
and bath; rents $53; Minna -St. •
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
$3750— Four fiats of 5, 5. 3. 3 rooms: brick foun-
dation: rent3 $43 per month; lot "5xS0;
Clementina at.
NEW MISSION WARM BELT HOME.
$3300 — 6 rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, bird's-
eye maple mantle, dome ceilings, etc. :
cement sidewalk; bitumen street; cars
pass.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- 1 S3S Market st.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTItY— Kor Sale
THE COMING CITY. - SANTA FE
At Point Richmond, terminus of Santa, F«
Railroad.
Bound to grow. Lots are bound U> Increase.
Railroad carwhops located tier*.
An Important railroad terminus and head-
quarters; manufacturing and shipping Interests
sure to increase; lots $115; all level; street*
graded; $10 cash $3 monthly
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at.
AT Belmont, few minutes'- walk from depot,
situated on high land, elegant residence: 9
rooms, bath, hot and cold water, barn, poul-
* try-houwe*>. etc: excellent water and abun-
dant supply; about 6 acres land: healthy
young orchard; fine climate and beautiful
scenery; to insure *r*«"dy sale can be pur-
chased much betow its value. Inquire of E.
* O" N EILL. Belmont.
5 ACRES at Mfnlo Park: small house, barn,
chicken houses; )5 larife oak trees; some fruit
trees; fenced and cross-fenced: cheap to im-
mediate buyer: will lend half the purchase
price. W. U HARPER. 337 Parrott bullrlihg.
M. GRIFFIN. 4I* Market, sells and exchaxges
city and country realty; printed lists; Sono-
ma, Santa Clara. Shasta and other counties.
CHICKEN ranch— 1«- acres wheat. 4 acres or-
chard: house, barn, horse, -wagon, hame**-:
toots; chicken*. Incubator; f'.5C0. HALL. 635
Sutter st. j
j^rft-COMPLETE poultry farm; fruit: e*n |
ciear $lftO yr. M. tValnwright. Sonoma. Cal.
FOR cheap lands, farms. *tock ranches and |
redwood timber lands address P. ROTHER-
MEL. 507 California st. ____________
A WKLL-Bl.'lLT. nvxlwrn.stmny bay-wTndow |
cottage. 4 room*, bath and pantry, high base-
ment, . chicken-hou.'e; lot 25x120: must sell:
make offer. 3S0 Ninth pve.. Richmond District. !
IN Mil? Valley, a nire home for sale cheap on 1
account of departure. Apply 52S Turk st.,
Pan Francisco. '
|jr,fK>— XKAT hotel of 31 rooms, all full (brick
building), in thriving town. Address box 4.
Ukiah. Cal. "
I For. bargains in Fresno real estate, see AN-
DREW PRICK. 30 Kearny *t.. room 6.
WHITE J. W. HORN. M2 Mala. Petaiuma, for
free ror-y nt Foncma fn. real e«tate bargain*.
1C1C.II. KSTATi; T*U K.tCIf \J\GK.
IMPROVED fine Cincinnati property rented and
paying store and residence: cut stone front.
Fcr particulars call THE MCCARTHY CO..
C4R Market st. ; -'-"•. ¦¦:'¦¦
_•_, 1 — — ¦ —
REASONABLE: cottage with high basement or
house with 2 flats; "within Twentx-fourth St..
between Dolores and Folsom. Box 1731. Call.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Sand lots In part pay for house and .
lot. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 61« Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA31EDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT VALUE IN REAL ESTATE.
Sow Is the time to buy a home In Alameda.
Properties, for sale under foreclosure.
Call and get our prices to-day.
$1500.
Buys a lovely little home of five rooms and
bath; large lot; near trains and schools; easy
terms.
$1630.
Buys » fix-room cattage; fine large, lot; a
snap.
:•---, :.- $2130.
A fine seven-room colonial cottage; must be
sold; a bargain; see this property to-day.
$4750.
An elegant ten-room house: fine large lot:
best location In Alameda; 1 near Morton-st. sta-
tion; compelled to sell; this Is a great snap;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$KQ0.
Buys a mansion of twelve rooms with all
modern Improvements; this Is on* of the finest
pieces of property in Alameda: .must be sold
on account of the departure of owner E3st.
All the above can be bought on easy terms.
Your terms are ours.
Houses. built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda. and 20 Post St., S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
OFFER wanted for a choice 6-room cottage In
fine order: largn lot: terms. $J50f>; new house.-
8 rooms: t-rms. J. H. YOUNG, Builder.
1243 Park st.
J16fl£-COMPLETE rew cottage of 5. rooms to
order; lot 30\l"3: between the R. R. : one only
at this price. J. H. YOUNG. Builder. 1243
. Park st.
BARGAINS for Investors.
Bargains for homeseekers.
¦ Homes built on terms to suit.
Apply to G. R. DENKE, XVttt Alameda
Real. Estate Office. Webster st. ' and Cen-
tral ave. . _* , ; ¦"'•*. v,
VERY special bargain*: foreclosure properties;
genuine snaps: enough raid, as I do- not be-
lieve In extended ads. J. A. REMMEL. Bay
Station. Alameda.
ftiCC — TO close an estate: nne building corner
let. 40x100; bet. railroads; 2 blocks High
School; street work complete: bargain. See
I cwner. A. G. BURNS. 15<11 Park St.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and b«-st In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to' any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ nERKELBY REAL ESTATE.
THOROUGH bargain; near the U. C. grounds;
- well-built house, just suitable for board,lng-
huube; for sale at a bargain.
$1500-Flne lot 270x120; just the thing for. a
chicken- ranch; you .should see this.
$1500 — Let 190x130; a fine corner on the sunny
s!de of street; street work done; must be sold.
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
$12t)0— $1CO CASH, balance $13 'per month; new
5-room cottage- on sunny stde of street: 1
blocks to can: all sewered; fine neighber-
hood. W. C. MORAN.
$:5fi0— 8-ROOM house; comer lot 4SxlW>;" all
sewered : brick foundation of 5 courses; $1»X>
cash, balance ?20 per month, or . will trade
for a ranch of equal value. W. C. J1ORAX
.Lorln Station. Berkeley. |
$1(10 CASH. $20 per month, buys this elegant
new bungalow cottage, & rooms.' bath-.'.larga
hall.' fine- mantel, latest sanitary plumbing
tinted - walls, etc. : lot 43x120; on car line
snd close to station: .price. $2C0O. H. D IR-
WIN*. railroad waiting-room. Lorln Station.
MODERN up-to-date homes at moderate co«t:
- see the new 5 and 6 room houses we are now
bulldlns;. select cne already under way or
have us. build to your own plan; best loca-
tion ,- Jn .South Berkeley district; 15 houses
Just finishing: all sold but two. H.. D. IR-
, WIN.i railroad "waiting-room, Lorln Station.
FOR -SALE— 9- room cottage near university; a
bargain.. Apply FERDINAND HOLTUM, 517
California or 20_> Steuart at. S. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nRItKELKV KBALEJITATE.
L\AROB 7- room house; patent water closet,
pantry, bath; lot 40x100; all fenced; » good
place, high location, close to local trains;
price $1300. $100 down, balance $15 par month.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln. and
Inquire for RUDOLPH. P_RKIN3 & LTOS.
COTTAGE of 5 room*, bath, pantry, •tationary
wash tubs, all modern, close to trains and
street cars; lot 33x100; price $1350. $100 down,
balance $15 per month. RUDOLPH. PER-
KINS & LTO.V. _oriu station. Berkeley.
NEW. d-room. two-story, basement, bath; all
'modern: electric fixtures; tinted walls; street-
work all done: right at R. R. station; tht» la
a snap; must be sold at once: price only $1700.
on your own term«; why pay rent when you
. can buy a fine house like this and pay for
same as rent? Take Berkeley train, get off
Lorln station. OELLKRICH & PERKINS.
FOR barrainsj In Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty see 'R. J. MONTGOMERY, room" 3 fourth
floor. Mills building. San Francisco, or 467
Ninth St.. Oakland.
$150— VERT desirable lot near Berkeley sta-
tion: 4?xl35. Andrew Wicks. Martinez. Cal.
SPECIAL, bargains In Berkeley houses and lots.
Address P. ROTHERMEL. 507 California «.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
PLEITXER HEIGHTS TRACT.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN KRriTVAUS. ' '
HALF-ACRES AND ACRES.
Lots $75 and upward— Only $2D dr»wn. remain-
der $5 monthly; this property possewes great
nt'tractlon for residence uses, aa It commands
an extensive view of the beantifnl scenery all
around, -with th» best of soil for gardening;
planted with bearing fruit tre«>9. while the ctl-
mate is genial, being: In the famed thermal
warm belt, free from fog. For particulars se<a
owner.
II. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
$6fO — COTTAGE of 6 rooms, chlcken-bonse and
. yard, city water; on« block from electric cars.
$^0— Cozy cot ta«r*» of 3 rooms and bath; high
basement and brick foundation; good -well.
windmill and tank, stable, shed; 13 fruit trees:
lot 75x11*1; all fenced.
$110*— $100 cash, balance sarr \- aa rrat: mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath. - basement,
etc.: lot 50x149; must bo sold; an opportunity
worth Investigating.
$l«0— <"holce bargain: new modern eottag*
of 4 large rooms; hlch basement: good brick
foundation; bath, hall closets, lovely pantry,
marble waahstand. stationary tnb«; chlcken-
houMs; lot 20Cx20ft; all fenced In; fine loca-
tion: just th* place for raising chickens.
Chicken ranch of 2 1 * acres; good house of 4
rooms: barn: ten chicken houses; good well,
windmill and tank: for rent at $13 per month.
Stock and fixtures for nale. consisting of Hi
chickens; large brooder house; 2 Incubators, i
chicken coops, fencing, etc
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~ — —
The Home Building Company haa remorred it*
office to south side ot railroad track on Fruit-
vale ave.
$6ju— IIous* of * rooms. 1 block from Fraltral*
•ve. ; 'j mil? to station: $13f> cash, balanc*
$7 per month; just like rent.
$^O_House of 5 rooms; "new"; lot 43x143:
chicken hoases; terms to suit.
$i;0O—l acre: 2 good houses: chicken houses:
fine- well: olear water; elegant riew; tala
l.i a. barsafn.
$«V>— House of 4 rooms: lot SftxTO: jfooil pump.
$16C0— Modern 5-room house; bard wood mantel;
bath and high basement.: chicken houses:
2 blocks from station: good sidewalk.
$16C0— House of X rooms: hath; large lot: n«ar
stntlon: Wf will loan you th© money to
buy this jflace-. -.. J •
$SO(K-Ntc* home; % rooms; bath; larg» stable:
several chicken houses; city water: lot
artxU.0: terms to suit.
$MC0— Ilod4»m 2-story house: « large sunny
rooms and bath: mantel: statlonarr wash
tubs; closet In every room; 1 block from
station.
Hnus»« of all kinds for rent. Remember this
* 'toe HOME BriLPTNr; COMPANTT.
South Side of Railroad Track,
Fru!?yi!i» avenue.
W. E. RUDELIa Frnitvale.- Cal.
LOOK-Jtfl; a fine levft lot, nftxS2O feet, near
Fruitval* Station: city water: electric car*
every If) minutes: terms easy: a splendid tn-
! vestment. f=*e H. W. DAVIS. A»ent. offlca
: Fruitvale ave.. 1 block from station.^
I $if«> CASH— House, lot. •9xl7«:~^good tenants.
j Apply 1» Broad st.. Ocean View.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OhFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKI_V*n RRAIi ESTATE.
AS advertlred— Excellent values.
ja^CtO-Choice brick block; fine Investment.-
flS.ccr— -Maznlficent central home: cost $2?.CW>.
$12. noo— Suburban home: IS acres: bank sal?.
J35MV— Unda Vista terrace: two-story. T
rooms, now: mort. $24 r >0: builder muat realize.
$1750— An architect's home: a perfect model;
[ rew: « rooms, porcelain bath: near Telegraph;
} bargain.
$$c.v>-Snap: near «rove st.: cottage 4 rooms.
bath: basement: new windmill: tank; lot .WxliflL
$2250— Must sell: near Fourteenth and Broad-
way; neat cottage 5 rooms; rents '$20; mortgag-s
$i'".n.
j25po_c«Pt $3T*o; foreclosure bargain: good T
r. house: 50x168: choice cross «t. ; nr. Telegraph.
$24'>v— $2.'O cash; bank sale; Adeline station:
new 6-room, porcelain; why pay rent? Snap.
See u» Tor choice Oakland property.
LAYMA-NCE REAL, ESTATE CO..
460-463 Eighth st.. Oakland.
THE VERT FINEST RESIDENCE
I.OT ON TELEGRAPH AVENUE
$fi"> p»r foot for Immediate sale: 70x100 fp*t;
corner: street -work all done; fln« driveway;
ehad? trees and shrubbery; sunny front near
center of town.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
The House Renters.
*,:-, • 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$13S0— Cozy Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
hall, bay window and basement: lot 30x190
feet, with or>en lawn and stone walks; elec-
tric line In front; short walking distance
from local station; Insured for $1000; rentj
. for »12 per month; street work complete; the
best part of East Oakland} this la a bar-
gain for 11 home or an Investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
The House Renter*,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OH. lands; perfect deeded title; Kern Rl-ver and
other districts; $25 acre. C K. KING, 93J
Rroadway, Oakland.
$1200— HOUSE on Eighteenth St.; also vacant
lot adjoining. JSW. for sale. C. K. KING.
•952 Broadway.' Oakland.
60) ACRES: elegant stock raiich or general
farm; IS miles from Oakland.' C. K. KINO.
952 Broadway. Oakland. ¦ ' ¦¦
$400 CASH. $7 50 monthly till paid for; cottazo
of 5 rooms and bath: larse barn, chicken
house and run: fruit trees and shrubbery; a
nice. eo«y home In the right sx>ot. belns
healthful; 2 tin* lots. lo» feet }deep: picket
fence: city water and sewer; tfear a model
schoolhouse and electric cars; nice neigh-
borhood: 3«ndy loam soil: view something
grand: away from cold winds and fog: ad-
Joining East Oakland: call or send for circu-
lar for cheap lots or acreage. 423 S«vea_»
tt ' Oakland; Broadway station. Carrlaxa
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR sale^Fin* 7-room house: all modern im-
provements ; large- orchard; corner. 225x145: on
electric car line: "convenient to local trams:
Inquire on premises. <K7 Fifty-etgbth St.. cor-
ner Shattuck ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND FL'BXnrX'IlE ,'FOIl SALE.
AM introduction to you from H. S«he!lhaaa. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
E1X.IS. 420 — Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping and other*; bath. gas. telephone.
ELMS. Cl— Nicely furnished suit* of 3 rooms.
housekeeping. $22 50; also one room. $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 70S— Nice, sunny house,
keeping rooms; bath, gas stoves; reasonable.
HOWARD. Vd\r- One or two completely fur-
nished front sunny bay-window rooms.
LA>fGTOX. ZlS^i— 3 nlrely furnished rooma for
housekeeping; private.
LARKIN, 706 — Sunny turnlshed front room and
kitchen; rent $15. . <
LARKIX, ' 71* — Sunny front furnished hous*-
keet>ine rooms: $11.
£aRKIN, 804— Large bedroom and kitchen, fur- •
nlshed. $11; small room for geqt. $4-
LAR*KIN. W4— Large back bedroom and kitch-
en, furnished. Jll; double rooms, fnrn., $6.
LEAVENTVORTH. 40S. near Ellls-xHwise-keep-
ins rooms; $10 per month. ¦ " -;
MCALLISTER. IC00. cor. Central are.— J sunny
- rooms' furnished complete for housekeeping. %%.
MINNA 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeeping
rooms, single and double, cheapest In city.
MINNA. 514—2 nicely furnished, rooms for
housekeeping. H4 Minna st. . -
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
complete': no children^
MISSION. 1275— Floor apartments of S or 5 fur-
nished rooms: housekeeping.
NINTH. 113— Two . sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath; reasonable.
NOE. 15*. north Market— 3 sunny bay-wtndo'W
rdbms; modern Oat; gas stove, grate-: $14.
Eot Additional • ClasslHsd Advertiae^
mentJ See Page Thirty.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN, & HOWELL, f
-. .'" . .._. "- 10 Montgomery st. .
JS500— Minna st.,' near Fourth; two-story
hous?; rents JZj per month.
$10,00O-Rents $?2 &0 per month; three flats on
Scott st., near Geary. •
$12,000— Market st. i largo lot, 60x113; two flats
of 8 rooms and" bath each.
$4500 — Make offer; must be sold to closo an
¦estate; corner on Seventh st.; 25x75;
rents $45 Dcr : month.
$20, OOO— Seventh st., near Mission; 100 feet front*
* .age; frame improvements; rents 1125;
near new PcatolHce.
120,000 — 8uJter-»t. corner,- 5 houses; renta $150;
' must be pold to close an estate.
$14,000— Rents $110; elegant new flats, opposite
square, Bcott «t.
$5000— Big bargain; two flats; Ualght St., near
Steiner. , • - -
$12,000— Rents »00; three-»tory frame building,
. ¦ store, etc. ; Haight-st. corner.
$14,500— Rents $106; lot 55x100; Buish-st. corner;
i ptore and fiats.'
$5500— Rubs St., near Howard; lot 30x100; large
house.
J55OO— Rents $C5: N'atoma . St.. near' Sixth;
splendid Improvements.- •
$5500— Rents $54; Guairero et.;, business prop-
erty, Htores aad Hats; lot 37xS7.
$12,500— Howard-Ft. business corner; rents $90;
'-¦ v store and fiats. »
SS250— Seventeenth-st. business corner. Btore
and flats; rents $7U.
$ll.C00— Rents illO; butlness corner on Wash-
ington st.; brick building.
$9500— Rents $S0: Sacramento st. ; nice loca-
tion: lot 35x137:0: five flats.
J6E0O— Rents $62 50: very cheap: three flats,
near I^arkin and Washington sts.
$15,000— I^ot 25x75; store and lodging-house; on*>-
hnlf. block from Fifth and Market fits.
$17.500— Four laree downtown flats: rents .$140
per month: extra, lame lot; Powell st.
J10.C00— O'Karrell St., near Jones; three flats;
pays 6 :>er cent net.
$6000— Washington-st. corner; two-story brick
building, near Hall of Justice.
$4000— Broderick St.. near Washington; cottage
of 6 roorr.-i and bath. <
J2C.00O — Large .business corner on Fillmore st. ;
frame improvements.. ;
$7000— Re^ts $G2: Fuiton St.. near Octavia.
; $3000— Rents $42 CO; two new flats; Golden Gate
avenue.
J150O — B.uildins lots; very cheap; Woodward
ave.. close to Fourteenth and Mission.
$500— Sunset District, opposite Music Stand;
graded, and sewered; $23 cash, $3 per
month.
CREAM OP PARK LOTS!
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
RARE CHANCE FOR HOME BUILDERS
AND INVESTMENT SEEKERS.
Choicest building lots on very easy payments:
on the H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park, and the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard.
Lots and streets on the official grade; mpcad-
amizedf plank sidewalks; gas and water s*r-
vlce; low prices; bound to increase in value;
your own. terms: intereet only 6 per c«nt.
" Money, advanced for building purposes; the
costliest and handsom^M modern houses In Sun-
wt District are now Iwing occupied and con-
structed on the new Nineteenth-ave. boulevard.
Call at once nt our branch office (open week
days, Sundays ami holidays), corner of.H st.
and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate Park.
and ask to be shown these beautiful lots; full ;
particulars and price lists also al our office.
• > BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL—
. ' $3S.C00.
$4260 rents prr annu.n; will pay 10 r»r cent
net; Nob Hill...
THREE NEW FLATS
. High, slightly elevated: elegant view. . i
Swell neighborhood: rented under lease. •
Nothing better to be had. Ix>t o5xl37:6.
Apply to ;
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. '
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE KEARNY. '
*21(#— REDLTC1CD FROM J2£<>0. ;
Four flats; rents $30: all rented. • !
$3CCP.
Four flats; rents $48; downtown, nr. Fourth.
JCOCO. .- i
Three choice flats: near Post and Taylor sts.; ;
pajs 10 per rem; 27 f«-tt front: offer wanted. !
¦ $5.-00— HYDE-ST. CORNER.
12-room house; lot -IOxSO feet.
m.t«o.
Slitter ft., near Taylor; very cheap.
*7:co.
Flats: brand new: east ot Van Xess ave.;
rents $72; all rented.
J14.C00.
Grand 14-room residence on' Jackson st.
$11.000— REDUCE!? FROM $13,500.
Business property: strne tenants for years;
store and rooming house.
ne.of'O.
Grand corner; leaven *-orth. St.; 60 feet front;
all rented for $125; mortgage S90C0 can remain
at C per cent. *
$73,000— RBDUCED FROM $5>2.COO.
Choice corner lot. ("a-loot front: within half a
tlock of Market st.; with old improvements;
r^nts about $400; th<" outy , corner that can be
bought vicinity of . Sixth st.
• . . $12,000.
: Rents $100; three new flats; choice locality.
• J20.0C0. • . •¦' .'.
Corner. 60-foot front; vicinity Sutter st.. east
of Hyde; grand hotel, office or rooming-house
site; rents $107.' • .
*9).00O.
137:6x128 feet.: northwest corner CJay and
Cough sts. ; cheapest and choicest residence
corner to be had: grand panoramanlc view;
easily , worth $4n,cco.
$55,000 INVESTED.
Grand corner; brand new building; guaran-
teed lease pays $000 a month net.
U5.0CO— VICINITY SECOND ST. ¦
Corner 85x102 feet, with improvements; rent-
ing for $150 per month. |
This district is boomlnr.
$14,000— NEAR SECOND AND MISSION".
Lot 45x70 feet; rents Mnmln.il; a sure snap. ¦
$20,000.
Sutter-st. corner: 87:(jx«7:fi; elegant Improve-
ments ; rents $1SW> per unnum.
$38.000— REDUCED . FROM $K5.O00.
Corner Mission and Fourteenth sts. ; lot VTOx
160 feet; three frontages; offer wanted; must
sell."
A. M. KPECK ft CO.,
667 Market st.. opposite Kearny.
Correspondence solicited.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January. 1S38..
. Real Estate Agents.
Full charge token of property.
626 Market st.,- opposite Palace Hotel.
$3500— Ellis Pt.. near Gough: front and rear"
h< use; rent $30: 'lot 21x120; with small expense
this can be made to pay well.
$2200— Broadway, near Jorie'3; must be sold;
rent $1&; this is in good condition.
XiZOO— Pine rt.. near Scott; 2 flats; rents
$o7 B0; lot 25x137:6.
$7000— 3 flats: 'near O'Farrell and Webster:
\7Cll rented; lot 23x90.
laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120. on rorth
line of Lombard sk, between FUlnioro and
Hteiner; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st. .In
rear;, rents $73 per month; ntu.-t. be sold on ac-
count of non-residence.
Bush-st. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70, with
large, substantial buildings; rents $2. n .i> per
month. ;*¦
Misslon-st. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot;
m>w Improvements, store and flats; rent $110;
price $lS,000. " ;
$10,5fi0— Fine vacant property: lot 37:6x90,
vith 2 corners: Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
just th» place for a grocery. • ¦
jSOOO — An elegant north corner In the Presidio
Heights district: 60x90; this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. .
I $!>5C0— Burh st., near Webster: 8 rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior: 27x100.
|70Q(V_ Harriet St.. near Howard: lot u0x"3.
holding frontage to Sixth st.: rent $.?«.
$18,000— An elegant marine view house, in the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
lor part pay If- not too "far out.
Sutter st.. corner of Buchanan: 33xS7:6: only
$S0OO. MADISON & BURKE,. 628 Market St.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN A CO.. .
138 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$450— Merrltt st., near Haute; lot 23x83;
cheap as dirt.
J10C0 — Sanchez Bt., near 24th; electric cars; 28
i x73 reet. "
$1500— Central 8,ve. and Turk st.; corner; 27:6x
111) ft.: cement sidewalk on Central ave.
$1600— Florida St.; 2 flats. .
" $1700— Elsie St., SE.- side, NE. of Cortlaml
ave.; 25x70 feet; house of 6 rooms, bath,
laundry.
$2400— House on Union St., near Hyde; In good
condition;. 6 rooms and bath.
$5125 — Improved property on I_irKln st., near
» Pine: annual rents $504; a bargain
$6000— Belvedere st., lot 25x120 ft.; Modern
flats; annual rents $600; very desirable.
$5500— 3 . flats in the Mission Warm Belt: all
rented: annual rents $510.
$10, WO — Howard st., downtowiv Improved prop-,
erty of store and lodging-rooms; offered
low to close etftate.
• r ¦;.-." RAYMOND, BALDWIN _ CO..
¦ ¦•'-.. 158 Montgomery" st.',
JOHN PFORR. 4C3 Pine st., near Montgomery
$ll,C0O— Rent $123; corner property in a grow-
ing manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
fiats: this is an extraordinary pickup. . .:
$3250 — A fine chance. for a laundry in a cen-
tral part ol the city; lot 43xSO, with a larse
building.
$5250— Will buy a lot 63:6x120 In an improving
part of Broderick Ft. -
$70,000— A centrally located property; a bar-
gain. ' ¦ -. . ' ¦: ¦•••¦¦ : ¦ '
$10.C0rt — 5 cottages and lot 10O ft. Cront by S2:S
ft. depth; on Eddy st., near Scott..
$5750— Rent $535 • per nnnum: a flrte : 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary »t,
near Flllmore. . . .
- $5750— A fine two-flat house; on sunny aide of
Post St., ¦ near Webster. ; - ¦ . ¦, •
' $4000— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle. prop-
erty on Oak tt., near Central ave.; flna cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
BOULEVARD '< lots fronting on ocean beach-
block 721 : » only a • few lef t ; ¦¦- street graded
JACOB HETMAN, 1 117 Sutter st.
TOl rent— Bummer residency of 4 rooms and
bath; Elmhurst station: 45 mtnutes' ride from
city. ¦ JACOB HEYMAN.. 117 Sutter st. ..
FOR SALE— $2500; rare chance; beautiful cot-
tage, -5 rooms and bath; beautiful flower gar-
den ; ' se« owner before - 12 r to-day ; terms .to
-'.; cult.^ 4277 ,-¦ Twenty-fifth < st. : v .;-;-, : ; tv!;
$3500— FLATS that rent for $33 per month; cost
, $5000: payments to suit: on electric car line.
DECKER, 1CC0 Market st. -
aicsiCAt. ixstrcmbxts.
A FINE stock of new and pecond-hand pianos;
epeclai bargains this week: a beautiful up-
rtght. $135. DENTING CO.. 12 Flood building.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A.\D STORES TO LET. j
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
et*.; occupied as' grocery and bar for past
SO yesrs; rent $20; water free. Apply to G.
• H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BEST location In city for milliner or ladles'
tailor; rent $40. Apply 13 Eddy st.
OIL.^
10 CENTS per share any part of 5000 shares
of stock In oil company with 100-barrel well:
25c per rhare for any part of 20.000 shares In
oil company paying regular dividends of 2
per cent per month. Call or write C. F.
MOORE. r3a Market St.. room 6.
A GREAT bijr. clean-cut bargain in oil stock
for iiarty with S140O cash, who will Investi-
gate and buy at once: no other? need answer; t
$500 profit 30 days-; $1500 90 Jays. Address
box 17'0. Call office.
A COMPANY Jtj«t forming, -xperleneed oil
Tn^n, 3 Go Roy** j« IC^m luncl . wsnts purt i^s writ ti
$100 to ?2".O each: ground floor; big .block
stock for the money. Address box 1494, Call.
SEVERAL more parties with J2C0 each to Join
others in orcanlzing company to operate on
rriven oil land :n developed district. Bex
17?6, Call. ¦ : ."; : \ '-
FEW more ran its with $200 or more to Join
others In organizing close corporation to im-
mediately here <n proven land in Kern'Rlver
district. IV x 17^7. Call. ;
20 ACRES, house, barn and orchard in oil belt
of Riverside Co.: line hone and chunoq for a
fortune. Address J. W. HORN. Petaiuma.
AXY part of SOO0 acres of oil land, near OH
City, for *ale at $1 25 per itcre. Address or
eee G., 1413 Ca!l building. Fan Francisco.
JOSEPH B. TOPUTZ. 23f> Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2WW ACRES oil land; $5 to $30*. per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building. « '
OIL L.A.VDS FOR SALB.
KERN River: proven territory; line ol R, R.
Xswton. Carmen *¦ Pi-tn«. r. 104. Chmnlel*.
PAIXTEHS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. $3
un. Jensen & Bath. 508 Sixth st. :oi*»n evening*.
PALMISTRY.
H-- JEROME FOSSELL.I. scientific palmist, 51S
Taylor rt., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black E?l.
PATEXTS A.\D PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bl*.
_J PERSOXALS. •
TO Whom It May Concern — All persons are
hereby notified that I will not be responsible
fcr any debts or obligations contracted by
LORRAINE W. DK LA MONTANYA. other-
wise MRS. JAMES T'E LA MONTANTA, as
eha has no right or authority to obtain goods
or contract debts on my credit.
JAMES PE LA MONTANYA.
Paris, France. January 9, 1901.
INFORMATION* wanted of DAVID OR JQPA-
FETA MULFORD; lived in or near San
Francisco within eight years; give present
address of cither or time and pjace of death;
property involved. M. C... box' 1241, Call.
WIDOW, age 33. ivnuld like to meet a gentle-
man; object matrimony. Box 1748. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to meet fadv; object mat-
rimony. Address box 1734. Oil.
THE Star Hair Remedy ran be had at all lead-
ing druggists and hairdressers: it is— euaran-
t^ed to resiore gray and faded hair to natural
color, cure dandruff, stop falling and grow-
new hair: «*k for It; take no other. The Stnr
Remedy Co., San Francisoo.
GOOD horn? with bricht future open for little
cirl from 1 to 3 years «^ld; also Btmnsr.
healthy brunette boy baby. MRS. DU.
FUNKE. 1418 Eighth Ft., Alamcda.
DEFIRB to meet pome on» to Investigate hyp-
notism -with me. Flr>x 1741. Call office.
ARE you In doubt as to who can cure your
fnllfhp hair end dandruff? Is your hair turn-
| lne pray? See testimonials of my work in
Bulletin nnd Examiner. MRS. E. R. Dt-N-
| LAP. 6 F>ldy et.. rooms 73-74.
' LADIFTS: Secret to enlarge your bust six
inch<H» free: cannnt fail or Injure the most |
delicate. Leonard Medicine Co., Kansas City, j
K?ns.
| B. KITNEIt. the tailor, has removed to lit
t'nlon fquare ave. (formerly Morton St.),
near Grant ave.. between Gfary and PnH.
MME. FISHER'S hair tonic will restore hair
to Its natural color; no dye: no grease; will
not injure the scalp. .V>2'i Ellis st.
WEAK men made Ftmne at once or.no charge;
no drugs, no electricity. Address box 1711,
Call offic<\
GRAY. falHng, ecalp diseases: "Cause— Cure"
for ?tamp. KUEPTER, Specialist, 1152
Franklin st., Oakland.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19 I
years' txperience. J. n. RAY, 3.V7 Jessie Et. .
VALUABLE Information will be riven to all
person* addicted to the use of cigarettes, lla-
u«r, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. 726 Sixth ave., Richmond District, i
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also |
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or rhaln. at lowest (
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monial* mailed free. Cancer Institute. Ill
West Forty-second Et.. N. Y.
FRED MANN, magnetic therapeutist, S48 Mc-
Allister— Head troubles, weak eyes, failing
eight, ear complaints cured: without medicine.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 EO to }6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to _.nd from th» ferry.
X-'IXE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTH IXG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. !30 Kearny St.. near Tine.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., n»ar Broadway.
"PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit bv
using Standard Patterns; February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1CZ1 Market st.
fcl'PFRFLUOHS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutt?r St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country-orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
AI.FREDrJIS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at tell druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 p'ages, pent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage paid. . i
PHVSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C C. O'DOXXELL- Orfice and reslijenc*.
Win. Market »t.. between Sixth nnd P«v.-ntb.
ni!A<, ESTATE — CITV — KOR SALE.
HEADQUAP.TERS FOU PARK LOTS!
Choicest and cheapest lots In this city.
. , V We can positively eult you.
$75, J100, $200 and $3C0— near Mlssion-st elec-
tric car or grand ocean boulevard; $3 monthly.
JSOO to. $900 — Choicest graded Sunset. Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond Iota; $10
monthly. _5ian
1750. 11000. Jl.VK* to UjOO— Splendid cottages,
good locations near cars: all bargains. Must
be sold. Installments same as rent.
Branch office Ninth ave., near H Bt., Suotet.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM E4. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Lend
Agent, 224 Montgomery it.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglas* eta.; — iu«t be sold; 80x114 feet.
fj 600— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25x
127:6 feet.
$45.12 50— 2-hixMVi; CHEAPEST lot on north
fide Broadway. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646
Market »t. ¦
A RARE chance for laundry; no water bills;
must be sold; the owner going to Honolulu;
lot 25x114; 4 rooms, stable, horse and harness,
also business burgy. Call on W. H. DAVIS. •
4U Twenty-ninth at- ¦ ' - -
MODERN houses built reasonable; plans furn.;
• drop postal. Salisbury, builder, 1509 Broadway.
MODERN houses built: lowest prices; plans and
, estimates furnished. • Campbell. 1147 Mission.
ALL soru. of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. CCO Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, It- pages, sent' to any address- In the
United States or Canada one year ;• for . $1,
postage paid. *
REAL .ESTATE— -CITT-— FOB S V JBX '
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.",
REAL ESTATE "AGENTS,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
$18,000— Northweet corner of Jones and Wash-
ington ets.; corner; 68:9x137:6 feet; elegant lo-
cation, to build fiats: grand marina view.
$15,000— McAllister st.. sunny side, between
Webster and Fillmore; lot 7fixl37:< feet, with
hi use of 12 rooms and. 'bath;- land alone 1*
worth the money..
I80C0— Valencia • it. , near Fourteenth ; lot 50*
100 feet" to twenty-foot street In rear: terms,.
$3500 cash, balance on bank mortgage at 6 per
cent. " ...
$4100 — Lot SE. corner Washington and Lyon
sts.; a corner 31:3x100:4 ft: very cheap.
$3250— Florida Bt, near Twenty- flf th : lot Vt%
:«.' feet, with house of 2 flats; rents 127 50: you
can pay $300 cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments of $36 65 or less If desired.
$5506 — Lot and i— tps>. : norm Hue of Washing-
ton st,, near Leavenworth; sold to dose estau.
M70O- Lot west line of Van. Ness ave., near
Union st: 33x106 ft.; ready to build.
We have a number of very choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we are
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at office. .
tSOOO-Paclf.c tve.," near Pierce st.: 40x127 :8»4
feet; beautiful residence lot; best portion of the
avenue; price reduced to. make quick sale.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker sts. : 25x3«:10V4:
faHnir Park Panhandle.
$3750— Ninth et.. near Bryant; lot 25x100 feet:
cheap. ¦ ." " • .
tlu.uOO— Liberty st.. near Guerrero:- ths Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath.
$2000— West line Church st.. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; rents for
U5; modern; lot 25rtOO; a bargain.
$20,000-Reduced from $25,000; north aide Sac-
ramento* at., near Van Ness ave.; fins resi-
dence; lar«e lot. «S:9xl27:S>4.
$1950 — Price reduced from $2350: modern cot-
tage on Second ave., near Point Lobos; 5 rooms
and bath; lot Mxl20; or 60x120 for $2750.
$SOCO— Three modern flats; Jackson St., near
Broderick; rents $78 50; Tor Bale at less than
cost. *| ¦ .
$2750 — Marine view: corner of Vallejo St.. near
Jones; 34:6 front ;¦ improvements rent for $21. •
$12,500— NW.- cor. Page and Lyon sts.; modern
residence; 12 rooms and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms; lot 83:6x93. ¦
$22,600— California and Octavia ets. : SE. cor.;
fine residence Jot; building now on lot to b*
removed; site 68:8x137:6.
$2100— And your own terms; new j cottage, 5
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
sts. : lot 26x128. ' .
$31,000— Sutter-st, Investment: monthly rents
$3C5; will pay about 9 per. cent net; lot 40x110
feet; with substantial office building; always
rented. ¦
$23,6CO— Third St.; 2-story brick building; rent*
to one tenant $130; lot -25x75 feet.
$8250— Reduced from $!M0O: ¦ elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout: finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 24:4Uxl27:SU: fine
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty home on Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furnished: lot
t 85x166:3, to rear street.
! SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
\ 21S-220 Montgomery at.. Mills building.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
• Real Estate Agents.
Houses- Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
|. $21.000— Lot 45:10x137:6 feet; fpear st., near
Howard, st. ; this is one of the- choicest lots In
the dtftrict.
$20,000— Broadway corner; lot 137:6x137:6 feet,
with residence of 10 rooms; 2 flats ami a cot-
tage; but one-half of the ground is Improved:
this is a -bargain and a good investment; pays
well.
$15.000— Powell St., near Sutter: lot 32x77 feet,
with house and 2 flats on renting for $90 per
month; mortgage of $5000 can remain.
$12,000— Ninth St., near Howard St.; lot 37:6
xlOO feet, with 2-story bl.ig.; rents $85 per
month.
$12.000— Ellis »t., north stde, near Gough; lot
40x127 :S!i feet.
Jll.OOO— Sutter St.. north side, between Fin-
more and Steiner gts. ; .1 fine flats of 7 rooms
and bath each: renting for $92 »0 per month; lot
25:4x137:6 feet; fine income on Investment. «
$15,000— Broadway, north side: fashionab.o
roiehborhood; lot 27:6x137:6 fm, with tine resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath.
»h».t;0O— Lot and Improvements on Harrison
St.; store and flats above; rents for $81 per
month; lot 25xS0 feet. .
$$000— l.ot .'.0x104 feet; on 24th St.. near Bry-
snt st. ".one dwelling of 13 rooms and 2 flats;
rents for $6o per .month. *
i '$mo— Webster St.. near Pfft »t.; lot 22x50 f p et.
1 with 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each:
I rents for $35 ner month.
$77o0— Grove-st. flats of 5 and 6 room? an<1
bath each; rents for $73 50 per month; over 1%
on Investment: let 23x120 feet.
: $57io Lot and improvements on 26th St.. near
Mission; lot 44x165 f «ret : 3 flats: rents $65 per
, month: mortgaged for $4PC0.
J55G0— Masonic ave.; brand new house of 30
! rooms and bath: modern in every respect;. lot
25x100 feet: to be sold ai a bargain.
J65OO— Pan Jose ave.: lot 32xSO feet, with •¦ •>
small flats of 4 rooms and bath each: rents for
$51 rer month. ...
$c25O— California st.. near Larkin street:, lot
23x£0 feet; eld imjirnvoments: rents Rt $w per
month: ran l>e Improved to pay well.
J3P00— Clinton Park, nenr Ouerrero sti; house
I of 7 rooms and bath: rent $27 50 per month: lot
i * $2wi>~26th' ft., near Guerrero rt.: "house of
i 7 rooms; rents !:0 per month. ,
I $700— Lot on 22d.st.. near Douglass st.", lot Z<jx
i $2SOft-lNatoma st.; lot 25x<?0 feet: 2 fiats: rent.
SftK"w terms: lots 25x114 feet: on
T^r h th^r e -pa n rUc r ul3ir a s UO o r f nia BOV EE . TOT &
SO.VXTAG. '. ¦
ST.. I F.
JSO.OCO— Fine .comlre business corner downtown;
ready now for modern building: old Im-
provements renting ft/r $135 per month.
$13 OCO-3 beautiful flats, close in town: rente.l
$177 60 monthly; a safe, flne-paylng in-
vestment. ". . ¦
$13 ooo— A splendid corner lot on Pacific av«v.
I wltn marine and city view; size. 4Sxl00.
$10 COO— Home «n I^aguna st., near Broadway;
12 rooms; lot 27:6x170.
$7500— Two new modern flats In Panhandle dis-
trict; rents $70 mo.; good. investment.
jlgOO Brand new; two flats of « and 8 rooms
in fine reptlng location; rent $50 m<). ;
they must be sold at once. *
$"250— A pretty cottage of 6 rooms in Mission,
en Twenty-third St.; In nrit-class con-
dition.
$1500— Four lots on Dolores st., with view of
city; level and ready to build on: very
cheap lots. ' ¦ .' - ..
$750— .Lot on Twentieth St.. near Church; t»x
114; sunny side.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lots In Pacific -and Presidio Heights; all
8llCS 8nd PriCefl: 8CD McAFBE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery i>t.
FARMS, VINEYARDS. GRAZING LANDS
FOR SALE BY
McAFEE BROTHERS. 10S MONTGOMERY
ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Write or call for list of San Mateo residences,
farms, grazing and mareh lands.
W>C ORANGES! LEMONS'.'
Buy a home In the orange and lemon colony
of Northern California: no scale; no frosts:
abundance of water for Irrigation: in tracts of &
acres and upward: also 40 acres bearing orchard
In this tract In subdivision to suit; $200 per acre.
NORTH of the Park and clojw In I am offering
rotne of the choicest building lots Jn Rich-
mond at such low kjj-ices that the buyers can
eee a fine profit. It is a safe proposition that
If the banks will lend the greater portion of
*? the purchase ' money that the lots are ex-
ceedingly cheap, w^ll located and not sub-
ject to any more exp<nses for street' work or
grading. Get in an.] make some money.
You can pay in installments as well. Keep
to real estate. It" Is the sufest and surest.
Get your home. Be sure to see these lots.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California et., between
Montgomery and Kearny. ¦ ¦ .
IK you have "property north ot the Park and
you wish. to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
•OUNN. 630 California it. ¦
THE most desirable home 4n San Francisco is
a residence at Ocean View; schools, churches,
P. O. delivery, electric lights. S. V. -water,
groceries, butcher shops and ail the city con-
veniences; fare to all parts of city, 5 cents;
I the cheapest homes in San Francisco on easy
terms; Ocean View and Homestead property
a specialty. THISTLETON. 272 Sadnwa st..
Ocean View. ¦ .. - ¦ m -
$1500— WILL be sold very cheap, as owner
: must have money; 2 lots on - Eighth ave.,
near J Ft., close to the park: street graded,
macadamized and sewered ; will be sold at a
sacrifice. •
$275— 3 lots near J • st. and Thlrty-pecond
ave.: can be bought cheap; $250 cash, balance
easy terms: -nice modern cottage home at a
low' price. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery.
$3200— TEHAMA St., near Third; lot 25x75;. 14-
room house; rents $30; bargain. DONNELLY
CO.. 632 Market st. _____
$1600— BARGAIN; cottage. 6 rooms and bath.
In good condition; lot 22x114; In Mission warm
belt: near 2 lines of cars; make offer; must
sell. H. L. -REA, 403 Washington st. ¦ ¦ ..
FOR sale— 4 new artistic modern homes, 7
" and 9 rooms; . east line Clayton st.. near
Frederick; electric cars pass the door. Owner
1 on premises. . ¦ : . : ....¦¦ • . - ¦' . - ~. . - -
HOUSE and lot;' price, $550; IJolnt Richmond,
new town," end of. Santa Fe road: rents for
$10 a. month. Address GEO. w.- LISTON.
6 ROOMS and bath and, barn; 'lot 25x110; make
¦ ; offer.' : 487 - Noe ¦ st. - ' - '¦ - ." ¦' .¦¦ ¦¦ ¦'. '
TO .close on "estate; no reasonable . offer re-
fused: 65x105; Collingwood St., near Nine-
teenth. L. A. SOUC ; _J07^_nJg£me22[n___
FOR sale — A bargain : southeast . corner " Mason
»nd Paciflc sts. : will sell as a whole or sub-
divide. ;:F.'R. SOUTHARD.' 731 Shotwell st.,
, city;- no agents: ¦¦••¦' ;;-.'.-• j .. ;.-
BEN.1. H/ LICHTENSTEIN. Blythe building.
• 14 Grant ave.. offers for sale an. elegant resi-
dence on. Post st.. near Hyde. • -. »
2 LOTS.- 23x114 each, at Ocean View; ready to
build on; price $150 each. DECKER, 1030 Mar-
y.ket ¦t."---' -rv.:.'-- '¦¦'-•¦¦-••¦• -'"¦•¦-•'-.- . ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦' -.-'.
'A' WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,'
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
REU/ • ESTATE — KJITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. -—-—
•rV- Real Estate Agents. .
...^. _ I_;'--"-' 1* Montgomery St.
$2100— Rents J22 per month: 2 flats "of 6 rooms
each on- Treat ave., near 26th et. ; lot ZSx
120 feet.
$350fr-2- 8 tory house on the sunny Bide of Me-
i.-»;-.. Alllster st,; store. and rooms below, and
upper flat of 7 rooms and- bath; renta
(¦17 m; lot 25x100.
*4000>-House and lot on Webstar St., close to
Clay, containing C rooms and bath; mort-
gage of S23W in the Hlbernia Bank can
._-. remain If daslred: lot "25x90.
J3700— 2 cozy bay-window flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; on L#eavenworth St., close
to Greenwich; has a fine marine view;
•un all day; lot 25 feet front; present
mortgage, of J1000 can. remain if desired
.,,,« on tbe Property..
J1600— 2 flata on Montgomery st.. near Filbert,
containing 4 rooms each; rents J1S per
month; present mortgage of 11000 can re-
M r~v ™ aln ir de slred; must be sold. (
J250O-New bay-window cottage, near 14th and'
Market sts.. containing 4 rooms and bath;
improvements cost S30CO; 4 years old;
present mortgage of $1500 In the Hlbernta
., Bank can remain If desired; lot 25x125.
13500— Rents $43 per month; 6 flats on Natoma.
JSaOO— Make an offer; 2 nice flats and cottage
on small street In the rear: near Green-
wich and Fillmore sts. ; fiats contain S
and S rooms and bath each and cottage
of 4 rooms; lot 37:6x120 to- rear small
„,„ etreet; rents |32 per month; part cash.
JL.OO— 2 nice tenements of 4 rooms each In South
San Francisco; rents $16 per month; lot
30x100.
$4000 — 3 cozy flatR on Guy place, near First and
Harrison sts.; rfents $42 per month; lot
25x70.
JSSOO— Bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath
on Larkin st.. near Lombard; mortgage
of $2200 at 6 per cent In bank can remain
if desired; lot 25x100:9.
$1900— Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and bath
on McAllister St., near the Park; lot 23
feet front; will arrange monthly payment
If desired:
$4500— Rents $S2S per annum;' near Third and
Mission Rts. ; 5 tenements; always rented;
lot 25x75.
J3S00— Part cash; a bargain; 2-story houf=e on
¦ Clay St., close to Devisadero Et., contain-
ing S rooms and bath; lot 27:6xl37:6;'must
be sold: will be on the market for a short
' : - ; ; , ¦•«• time only.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c
Choice list of building lots In every part of
tire city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a, list ot properties for
sale In ail parts of the city.
G. 11. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.." li MontsomerjTstr
AUCTION. •
AUCTION'.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
¦ . AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY, February 4, 1901,
at 12 noon.
REFEREE SALE. .
The two following properties by order of R.
H. Fitzgerald, Bole referee, subject to confirma-
tion by the court:
No. 1.
N. TV*, corner Bryant and Harriet stsT, be-
tween 6th and 7th; Improvements consist of
.store and 4 dwellings, which cculd be made to
yield a good Income with little outlay; lot 75x73.
No. 2.
Folnom St.; N. W. line. bet. 4th and 5th: Im-
provements consist of cottage of 6 rooms arid
coal yard with stable, etc.; rent $10 per month,
which is low: lot 75xS0. i
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE.
Executors' Sale.
Pevlsadero ft. ; W line bet. Sutter and Bus>h;
lot 22:6x100; ground rent $15 per month: Im-
provements thereon belong to the tenant: sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
NATOMA-bTKEET FLATS.
."13-543 Natoma St.. bet. 6th and 7th; 2 flats of
4 rooms each; rents $2S per month; street ac-
cepted by the city.
-HKYANT-STKBICT BtTSINKSS CORNER.
S40 Bryant st. : N. W. corner Chesley, store
and 4 rooms with flat of 5 rooms above; rents
|33 per morth: both streets accepted; lot 21x90.
> - CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
I S. "W. cor. Pine and Lyon sts. : 8 choice build-
fng lots: level and ready lor bufldirie; lots 2sx
87:6 and 25x100 each.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
3213 Harrison st.. south of Precita ave.; cot-
! tace cf 4 rooms; lot 25xlPO.
SOUTH SIDK INVESTMENT.
j 440 and 442 Harriet- st-. off Brannan. bet. Sth
I end 7th; 2 cottages of Z rooms each: lot 23x7;.
MISSION CORNER.
S. W. 'Jersey and Vlcksburg sts.; cottage of
4 rooms and bath: rent S10 wr month; corner
! rtrtlon of lot not built on: lot 34x75.
MISSION COTTAGE.
| 2C5 2Sth nt., bet. Church and Sanchez: bay-
I window cottage of 4 rooms; rent $W; lot 25:8x
114. ,
MISSION COTTAGE. .
IS Valley st.. near San Jose ave.; cottage of
6 rooms; rent $10: lot Ifxll4.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS,
Clipper ft., north \\n» m?ar Chnrr.h: 2 lots;
level and ready for building: 25:i»ixll4 each.
For rurtlier particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
¦ 14 Montgomery «t.
LYON & HOAG ......114 Montgomery St.
A New Residence.
JSSOO-Close to Maple and Clay sts.: contains
7 large room.", reception hall, bath, basement,
etc.; sun all day.
$16,sw— Splendid Investment; on best part of
Hayes Ft., not far from Market; 2 substantial
buildings; stores and flats; pays 8 per cent.
$10,OOA— Finn new flats -on Fell st.'. close to
town; contain 7 rooms and bath each; lot 25x
137:6. .•-:¦ -¦ ¦"';¦
i . . __ — _
! JSWiO— Pays over 10 per C3nt; business corner,
close to Bryant and Third sts.; 1 buildings;
store and flats; all rented. . •
i $9500— Post St., n»ar Larkin; good 2-»tory
house. 10 rooms and bath; has two frontages;
fine place for a doctor.
$12.500 — Splendid business corner, on Howard
ft.: substantial 3-story building: Ftore and two
flats; 7 moms' and bath each: car line* on both
streets; pays high rate of interest. ¦¦
$4100— Rent $44; good business property on
Castro BX-; 2 Etores and flat; all rented.
¦ $S5(XV— Howard Ft., near Third; 3-story build-
ing; store "and lodging-house; laree lot: rent
$C7: values are increasing In this eectlon.
$9500— Rent ?S7 SO: 3 up-to-date flatu Qn Brod-
erick tt,; contain 6 rooms arid all conveniences;
well arranged, ' cheerful flats.
$12,500 — A splendid business corner at the
Mission; 3-story building; store and 2 fine flats:'
pays 9 per cent;" situated at Junction of two
car lines. . :¦•'?
LYON & HOAG, 111 Montgomery St.
$100 LOTS.... $100 LOTS $100 I/VTS
Building lots— Lots for speculation, close to
car lines," in growing sections of the city-: buy
one for the baby; buy another for yourself.
ONLY $10 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
$100— Nice level lot at Ocean- View..
$2S0— 50x100; close to Cars at Ocean" View.
$175— Twelfth ave., south of the Park; fine
views; 2 lots, each 2fixl20; snap.
$275— O st. and Ninth ave. ; graded and
fenced: worth $iC0.
$500— Corner- Tenth ave. and O St.; south of
the Park.
$1SO each— Chenery et.: fine building lots:
clc.fe to Thtrieth St.; Guerrero-et. cars pass
j-.joperty.
$175 each— Twenty-seventh avp., near Point
Lobos ave. ; 2 cheap lots; 25x136.
$400 — Stanyan Bt., ¦ near Eighteenth; a bar-
gain; street work dsne; close to the Park. .
LYON'A HOAG.v
114. Montgomery st. I
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.)f
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20,000— Corner on Montgomery ave.; stores
an.l lodging-house; rents $176 50.
jm/tOO—Broadway, near Mason; 84:4^x137:8;
3 new flats and rear house: rents $14.>. ¦¦
$13,E0O— Corner Steiner and 'Waller sts. ; 43x8!:
store and 2 flats: rents $63 90.
$12,000— Union st.. near Taylor: 23:9.».128:9; 3
modern flats and rearhoure; rents $99 50.
jSCOO— Lombard St.. near Ehipont; 40x30 to rear
street; 4 flats: rents $56.
• $5.100— Buchanan, near Post; 24x82:6: house of
7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
J&OTO— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
cottage and 3 flats; rents $41. - '^'v^
UNIMPROVKP.
$30.000— Corner Broadway and Broderick Bt. :
137:6x275. • ¦ . . .
$12.W)O— Corner Clay st. and Central ave.: 85:3
_130; will subdivide. ¦
SSOOO— Corner Cole and Carl; 100:7x87:6.
'•GbOO— Greenwich St.. near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$5000 — Corner 24th and Balmy: 50x75. .
$5000— Polk St.. near Chestnut; 107:6x87:6.
¦ $3600— Hancock, near Church; 73x114; 3 good
building lots. '
$2500— Fulton St., near Fillmor* 1 : 32:Bxl37:8.
$2000— Laguna Bt.. near Page:' 2SxlOO. ¦ -¦ ;
$3000— fitelner St.. near Waller: 24x81.
$2750 eaoh— Tost Ft., ti'nr Devlsadero; 2 lots.
$2500— Waller, near Steiner, 25x120.
$200i>-WaUer st., near Btanyan; 25x100. .
$1800— Bryant, near 2?d; 25x100.
$]5O0 — Sutter Bt., near Lyon: 35:3x100. '
jj-OO— 15th ave., near P et. ; BOxlOO.
HAWKS &~SKEL~t6n,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$5,500— Cottage and flats:- O'Farrell .st., near
Buchanan; rents $S0: good Investment.
$9.000— North side of California St.; near. Web-
¦ ster; 10 rooms; In. fine condition.'
$11,600— Geary. ' near Octavia ; V laree lot : ' Im-
proved; rented .low $930 per annum: lot
alone worth the price to build modern
flats on.
$2.500— Corner lot: Larkin • and ,KHb*rt ets.;
41x62 feet: very cheap:. view of bay, ¦ .
J.l,200~Lot; Stockton *t., near Chestnut; 22x65;
. flats on It would pay welL ':, ,, • , ¦
$600 — Ix>t on London st., near Russia; BOxlOO;
« electric cars; ready to build on. .
$9,000 — Scott ¦ st., near Washington; facing
/ pretty park;- choice neighborhood; ele-
gant home; 8 rooms. - ¦.,,.:.;¦
HAWKS & 8KKLTON. 323 Montgomery st. ,<
$23.000- : -OOOD - business ' property; i;. rents $1500
ner year: steady. Address Owner, box "1T55,
Call office.Supreme "Vice Councilor George K. Rog
ers has Just returned from a 'trip over
the State. He Instituted • a new council
at Visalia with eighty charter members
Deputy McLaughlin has been initiating
classes of candidates, in Stockton and in
Lodi. ¦ • . ... v ,,?...-.
A new council of- the order was Insti
tuted In Oakland last Thursday night"
- The" local councils and - those ,• of Oak
land, ¦ San Jose, . Redwood City and > Val
lejo will be represented at a grand enter
tainment to be given to tlje officers and
delegates to the Supremo Council.
The next session of the Supreme Coun
cil of the Order of Pendo will be held In
this city commencing on the 12th of this
month. There will be present twenty-two
officers- and delegates representing: fifteen
States. Supreme Secretary Duden's report
will show that during the past year the
order pained 1000 members; that' the gross
receipts were about $46,000 and : the dis
bursements for benefits about $21,000. Tho
headquarters of the Supreme Council has
been removed to the Parrott building, the
old office- havlnc been found 'to be too
small.
Order of Pendo.
McMahon. D. O. P.. assisted by ¦¦ *°n
corps of chiefs, seventeen mnnber.
This was In public In the Laurel Hall of
the Shlels building and was witnessed oy
as manypeople as could crowd into tne
place. The decorations were very pretty
and the lights were shaded with American
flags so as to cast a soft mellow glow on
the scene, producing a pleasing effect.
The great Pocohontas, Mrs. Jennie
Welsel. Great Sachem F. I>. Brandon and
other great chiefs were in attendance*.
There were also many handsome ladles in
the hall. During the evening Mabel Seary,
the retiring Pocohontas. was represented
with a beautiful emblematic badge. Danc
ing followed the ceremonies.
Knights of Pythias.
Falrmount Lodge will have an enter
tainment in its hall on the 9th Inst.
The San Francisco Temple 01 the Dra
matic Order of thf Knights of Khoraa
san will hold a ceremonial session in
Knights of Pythias Hall on the 1st of
March. "
The degree team of Oakland Lods» has
prepared for an entertaining evening la
Alcatraz Hall, Oakland, on tho 15th last.
The Clans.
Clan Fraser will at its next meeting
have four candidates to initiate. On tha
night of the 22d Inst. the clan will have a
literary entertainment In Scottish-AXierl
can Hall, on which occasion Rev. W.
Rader will deliver a lecture on "Tha
American Scot." *.;¦
Clan Maodonald in Oakland is doing ex
cellent work, having had initiations at al
most every meeting in the past four
months.
Maxwell L. Crowe. T. O. W. H., a very
zealous fraternal man. will hava tha
honor of representing the clans of tha
Pacific Coast at the Royal Clan, which,
in a few months will be held in the city
of Pittsburg, Pa. Mr. Crowe, who is a
past royal deputy, is thoroughly con
versant with the needs of tha clans on
this coast. -v • ¦.->, -
The various clans in the United States.
which now have an aggregate member
ship of nearly 6000. ara all reported as.
dolnz -well.
Foresters of America.
Court Independence of the Forester* of
America gave Its annual entertainment
and dance 'on the last Saturday in Janu
ary in the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing, which was crowded to its limit by
the members and their friends. The pro
gramme was as follows: Remarks by way
of introduction, Alfred Fuhrman; over
ture, orchestra; vocal selections, Harry
Colman. J. Lynch, Kitty Hopkins, Frank:
Everson and J. Hanson; monologue.
Henry Auerbach; instrumental selections.
H. G. Nolte, J. Anderson and Leo Mc-
Avoy: recitation. Thomas W. Hlckey, and
specialties. Ed Alexander. Then followed
a programme of twelve dances. The func
tion was successfully carried out under
the direction of J. J. Furey, P. J. Gray,
Bert Anderson, R. J. O'Reilly. W. Reid,
floor manager, and Charles Montague and
Henry McGrath. aids.
On the night of the 22d of January at &
meeting of Court General Lawton, at
which there was a large attendance, tha
members adopted a resolution thanking
Grand Chief Ranger Asher. Grand Treas
urer Conklln, Grand Secretary Cordy and
Jacob Label, editor of the American For
ester Review, for valuable services ren
dered in the institution of the court and
since. During the evening the court hos
pitably entertained all present.
The returns received by Grand Secre
tary Cordy show that at the close of tha
year 1900 the membership of the order In
the State was 15.353. a net gain during tha
year of 1766. During that period thera
was paid out $129.393 45. of which $10S.
051 02 was for sick benefits and charitable
purposes, and JD6S2 40 for funeral ex
penses. The total amount of funds in the
eeveral courts was $191,413 64, an lncxeasa
of $21,272 13 In the year.
Court Golden West will give a concert
and ball on the night of the 14th Inst. la
Golden Gate Hall, in celebration of tha
fifteenth anniversary of Its Institution.
A new court will soon be instituted In
the central part of the Stato with 100
charter members.
Next Saturday Grand Secretary Cordy
and Jacob Label will go to Chico In con
nection with business relatlra to tha
Grand Court session.
American Forestic. Companions.
Lorely Circle No. 26 will give a grand
valentine party in the social hall of tha
Alcazar on the night of the 14th Inst.
There will be a good programme of dances
and all the good looking girls of tha cir
cle, and they are many, will bo in attend
ance.
At the meeting of Inter Noa Circle on
the last Tuesday in January one candi
date was initiated, one proposition wa.i
filed and the financial secretary. Emma
Agnes Harrlngon. was installed Into office
The official visit to Robin Hood Circle
which has been set for the 6th Inst. haa
been canceled on account of the sudden
death of Mrs. Louise Ticoulet, for nearly
four years the treasurer of tha drclo
which occurred In the afternoon of tha
last Friday in January. Mrs. Ticoulet
who was the mother of Miss Alice Tlcoa-.
let, the grand subchW companion, was a
zealous worker for th«« circle and for tho
order generally. She was one companion
of the order who was a true companion in
the fullest sense of that expression. Her
remains were laid at rest last Sunday and
the service of tlte order at the grave waa
performed by Chief Companion LJzzta
Puttkamer. -
Th« Eschscholtzias.
On the evening of th«» 24th of January,
The Eschscholtztas pave their second an
niversary ball in Mission Parlor Hall oa
Seventeenth street, and the function was
one of the most pleasant of the many very
pleasant ones given by this select, up-to
date organization. The hall was taste
fully decorated for the occasion and tha
programme was mada ud of dances that
are in accord with the ideas of the youn?
people of to-day. The music was all that
could be desired and the grand march
which was started at 3 o'clock, gave ar»
excellent opportunity for th© ladles to
display their elegant gowns.
Quigley, surgeon. The Installing officer
was Miss Rosa Day, D. D. G. P., assisted
by Mrs. French of Alta Parlor and Mrs.
Day of Golden atate Parlor. The in
stallation was followed by the presenta
tion of a beautiful emblematic, pin with a
diamond solitaire in the center, to the re
tiring past president, the presentation of
lovely roses to the installing officer and
an ornamental vase to Mrs. Dobbin, the
recording secretary. A collation followed
the presentations.
The officers of Visalia Parlor of the N.
D. G. W. and those of Vlsalla Parlor of
the Native Sons were jointly installed,
both ceremonies being performed without
ritual and in the most perfect form. The
installing officer for the Daughters was
Mrs. Jordan. D. D. G. P., assisted by
Miss Julia Levy. A programme and a.
banquet followed the Installation.
After the Initiation of four strangers at
the last held meeting of Camella Parlor
there was a very enjoyable evening of
entertainment. This parlor has alway3
been noted for the harmony of the mem
bership and Its hospitality. .
Among the visitors to the office of Grand
Secretary Miss Laura J. Frakes last
week were: Llllie O. Reichling. founder
of the order. Past Grand President Mary
E. Tillman, Minnie Sericano and Mary
Hinton or Minerva Parlor No. 2, Past
Grand Treasurer Lizzie Douglass of Alta
No. C, Past Grand President Lena Hilke
Mills and Minnie Mills. D. D. G. P.. of
Stockton No. 5, Past Grand President
Belle Wlngfleld Conrad of Dardanelle No.
66, Clara Fotherlngham and Florence Suri
of Amapola No. SO, Susie Kalthoff, secre
tary of Yosemite No. 83, Nellie Bloom of
San Soucl No. 96, Emma D. Ralph of Dar-
Ina No. 114, Fay Peabody. past president
of La Paloma No. 116, Frances Griffith
of La Vespero No. IIS, Beatrice Yates of
Ema Crocket No- 119, Mrs. Frank P. Mc-
Cann, city, Mrs. Laruche and Mrs. Lam
bart, Yosemite, and Mrs. A. W. Carr, Ta
coma, Wash. •
Rosa Day, D. D. G. P., assisted by Mrs.
Day, Miss von Staden and Miss Mitchell,
has installed the following named as the
officers of . La Vespero Parlor: Annie Le
stein, P.; Nellie R. Boege, P. P.; Mayne
Light, Nora Nonnemann and Estelle
Slue, V. P.; Mary F. Desrosier. R. S.:
Mary McDonough, F, S.; Mae O'Connor.
M.; Frances W. Griffith, T.; Lola Green.
Annie McDonough and Lizzie Anderson,
trustees; Ynez Smith, I. G.; Nora Day, O.
G.; Cassie McTiernan, organist. After the
installation there was a short programme
of entertainment and refreshments. This
parlor will give a ball on the night of the
16th inst.
Some time since sixty-five native daugh
ters of South San Francisco and imme
diate vicinity sought to organize a new
parlor in that section, but for some rea
son the project could not be carried out,
and the ladles have organized the South
San Francisco Poppy Club.
Ancient Order of Hibernians.
Division No. 5 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, a very active subordinate,
has been enjoying a successful career
since its institution about six month3 ago.
There is always a large attendance at
th© weekly sessions, and, there being ex
cellent talent In the division, there is al
ways a. most enjoyable session for alL
The division has appointed T. P.
O'Dowd, Harry F. McGurren and George
T. Ballinger a committee to arrange for
an excursion and picnic to be held early
In the season. The committee will use its
best efforts to make the affair a grand
success.
J. Maurice Miller, Thomas J. Mitchell
and John McCormicR have been appointed
a committee on side degree and are pre
paring a ritual that It Is thought will sur
pass anything for beauty and genteel fun
that has ever before been offered to any
order. There are already a number of
members who are anxious 10 take the de
gree.
This division has decided to take part in
the grand reception to be tendered to
President McKiniey on the occasion of his
visit In May and has appointed D. A.
Drady, Harry F. McGurren and Joseph
Keileher to make arrangements.
On January 23 therfe was given an en
tertainment in the general hospital at the
f reslaio under the auspice3 of the division
for the entertainment of the sick soldiers.
The programme was greatly enjoyed by
the convalescents and many of 'the officers
of the post and their families. A number
of the members of the division served in
the volunteer army during the last war
and several of these tcld humorous inci
dents of life in the Philippines that were
greatly appreciated by tnose who served
in the Orient. The Third Artillery Band
furnished music and those who by song
and recitation contributed to uie pleasure
of the occasion were: Charles .V. Drady,
Professor McCarthy, M. Miller. John D.
Lynch, Henry L. Auerbach, Messrs. Kel
leher and O'Connor. The visitors were
thanked by Colonel GIrard, commander of
the hospital, on behalf of the soldiers and
expressed the hope that the sweet singers
and storytellers would soon pay the hos
pital another visit. The following night
the. division paid a fraternal visit to Di
vision No. 9 in the Potrero, where they
were received by a large audience. State
officers EX I. Sheehan and J. P. Henry,
County President J. J. Donohue and J. C.
Ryan, president of the visited division,
and Frank S. Drady, president of the
visiting division, delivered eloquent and
forcible addresses, after which there was
an evening of entertainment, the con
tributors being Frank Boland. Frank Me-
Menomy, Harry S. Colman, J. il. Miller,
H. L. Auerbach, Frank S. Drady, the
Emerald Glee Club. A. Rudolphus, J. L>.
Lynch, Richard Cluie, J. F. Leaden, T.
Jerome Mitchell and E. A. Hogan. The
division will pay a fraternal visit to Di
vision No. 2, one. of the oldest and largest
in the State, on next Tuesday and on the
16th it will visit Columbia Circle, Ladles'
Auxiliary of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians.
Division No. 5 is proud of the fact that
two of Its members have been chosen as
officers of the St. Patrick's day conven
tion, Frank S. Drady, the president, has
been elected recording and financial secre
tary and H. F. McGurren. the vice presi
dent, has been chosen as nnanclal secre
tary. • 1
Improved Ordet of Bsd Men.
The competitive drill In Oakland be
tween a team from Tecumseh Tribe and
one from Cherokee Tribe In the adoption
degree, the standard being ritualistic
work, dramatic effect, floor work and de
portment, was one of the closest on record.
Tecumseh winning by three-quarters of a
point The record was, the winning team
89V4 and Cherokee 88%. The drill was wit
nessed by a very large number of Red
Men.
Great Sachem Brandon on last Monday
paid an official visit to Wenonah Council
in Sacramento.
Manhattan Tribe In San Jose was
visited last week by Grand Representative
Collins, Great Senior Sagamore Boyea.
Great Chief of Records Bliss and others.
A pleasant and profitable evening was
spent.
The returns for the last term show such
an increase in membership is to entitle
the Reservation of California to on© ad
ditional representative to the Great Coun
cil of the United States, which will hold
its session in New York.
On the last Tuesday In January Monte
zuma Tribe, under the direction of W. R,
Bell. B. F. Ledford, J. N. Ross, J. J, Har
rington and T. W. B. Swan, gave one of
its entertaining and agreeable socials in
the Assembly Hall of the Post-street
wigwam. It was attended by many bold
warriors, wise chiefs and handsome
damsels of the forest, wno were enter
tained with a short musical and literary
programme. " the numbers being by J. N.
Ross. Walter Howe, Randall and Kerry.
J. Perrin, Mr. and Mrs. Wenzel and
James Onley. Then followed a pro
gramme of twelve modern dances. The
next social event of this tribe will be
given on the 23d Inst.
On last Thursday, night the chiefs
elected and appointed of Pocohontas
Council. D. of P.. were instaJled by.Agnea
Bald Eagle Tribe received a visit last
Wednesday night from the great chiefs
in the Alcazar Wigwam. After an ex
emplification of the secret work In the
adoption degree the members of the tribe
and a number of specially invited paJe
faces adjourned to the upper floor of the
building, where A. Sell?, the medicine
man. had prepared a feast of corn and
venison for about two hundred. There
¦were Ions talks by Oreat Sachem Bran
don, Great Senior Sagamore Boye_» Great
Chief of Records Bliss, Judge cUbanlss
and between talks. there were numbers of
the vaudeville order, those contributing
being the La Bohemie Quartet. Kelly and
Marlowe. M. Scannell. Joe Hansen. Pro
fessor Coughlln, I* Klein and T. W. B
Swan. Among tho" prominent visitors
were Past Great Chiefs ' Brandt and
Chase. The success of the after meeting
function was due to "W. J. Warren, F
Wilson and M. J. Magrulre.
HOTEL ARUITALS.
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL. J^l
A w O Babcock. Tenn
W Chlnn. Cal
A D Gardner & w.
Walla Walla
W S McGregor. Detroit
J Buchert. Louisville
J Warnecke. Nebraska
W F Brunty, Nebra.sk
L F "Whiting. -Crockett
J Davltt. Cal
C Palavld. Cal
H Osland. Cal
M Noonan. San Joaaj
B Williams. Cal
R Featherly. Cal
3 Pratt. Nome •
H Peters. Oakland . !
3 Forsyth. Cal
J Glnnochlo. Cal ]
B Johnson. Cal
H OdelL Cal
L Brown, Wash
PALACE HOTEU
J T Harrlntrton.Cotuaa
G J Apple & w. Vlo
8 "Well!. Chicago
Mrs Welll, Chicago
J L Morrison. Chicago
H L. Smith. Vallejo
F H Moon. San Jos«
R F Crowell. Stanford
R'F Whltlock. Ky
W S Badger, Fresno
R G Brown. L. Ans
C L Hooker & w. Colo
L W Mayer. N Y
J R Lovejoy & w. N Y
F X Robertson&w.B C I
J F Le«. Seattle
W W Burnett. SLOt)
A Stewart & w. R I
3 Loates & w. England
W E Bartholomew. N" J
J Smith. Fresno
Baron Leo von Rosen
berg. N Y
M S Nlswander. Dorio
F B Younsr & w. Ala
T Devlin. Plttsburg
Miss K M Welsh. Ohio
A Goldman. Shanghai
H Camliecas. Kobe
Dr T Young-. London ,
T W Rellly. London I
Miss J Kntoper. Btnfra
V M HartUng. ChgcT^
C T Preston. C S M
E M Johnson. N T
W C Ralston, Sacto
O H Clark, Chicago
D C Voorhels. ButtetC*
J F Davla. Jackson
H T Gage. Sacto
C E Green. San Vat*o
R Brady. Portervlll*
J Campbell & w. Aria
C G Murphy. Stanford
B W Churchill. Nap*
S Rothschild. Ohio
R Boyer & w, Japaa
E \: Day. Mont •
C E Branch, VauecuvT
A Watson. Scotland
W W Wedemeyer. Mich
Mrs Wedemeyer. Mich,
F E Fisher. Stanford
R Hotchklss, Conn
3 P Blum & w. Chrt»
O W Gray. Chicago
I, O Evans. Butt»
C W Magtnnl* A w,
Minn
C W Ennl A w. p*
T E Rutlodra. Mo
B rvioln. Germany
GRAND HOTEL.
F L Boddeker. Ark
J M Ryan, Victoria
W Murro, Victoria »
O Malnhart, Grass Val
F Watson. Colusa
S A Irish. Boonvtlle
R J Nlcholls. Oakland
EB Moulder, Alamedi
W A Bradford. Cal
A H Ewert. S Jos*
C Washburn. Cal
J Werephellng. t> Ans
J O Ferguson. Clovls
K I. Campe. N T
O H Carter. Cal
W Morse & w. Chicago
Mrs W A Cummlngs
St a, Spokane
R P IIUl & w. Cal
E D Baker, Yreka
8 Lyons. N T
Mrs Whitney. Cap
Mrs Parker. Bakerf.il
C J Booth. Danvllto
H Pressy & w, Cal
W a Moore. Cal
A Jarmon & w, S Jose
Miss Lukens. Kansas
A II Hoggs, 8 Jos*
C Pendleton & w, t. A
L R Garrett. L Ass
J R Knowland, Sac to
W H Kawhall. Chicaj
W A H'Heox. Cal
A B Alexander, Cfcl
Mrs T Clark. • Cal
A C Hart, Sacto
C Rowell, Fresno
J Treclon. Amador
L B Berg 1 . Fpokana
Mrs Ross. Sacto "
H C Rosa, Sacto
J A Chase. S Jos*
W Maxwell, S Jos«
Mrs Mai well Ad. Cal
C 8chey. t, Ans
F Metzger. N T
It R Stone." S Jos*
A C Foster, Cal
O Andrews. D«trolt
u U a a*" 1 ™ *
.J-A 8 c£u.'s Jo-
S Brown. S Clara •
Miss Tales. 8 Clarm
JJ Lancenour Woodl<t
H Hayes A * Or*coa
A V MiUet. Cu *
Last Thursday night the degree team
of Galileo Grove visited Alpine Grove and
conferred •' the ¦, degrees - for 3 that grove -, in
amplified. form on seven candidates. There
were present : -twenty-flve '.visitors . from
Alameda County groves. After the:cere-
• Galileo Grove has • conferred ¦ the seconQ
and third degrees on four entitled to re
ceive the same and elected one to become
a- member, t.- •; ¦ .^- . > ,
At the meeting of the Pas't Arches' As
sociation last Sunday, there were present
many of the membership, which now
numbers in excess of 100. ten new candi
dates having. been elected'at that session.
The committee appointed to prepare a de
gree for this branch of Druldlsm was
granted further time. The representa
tives of Laurela and : Hesperian "groves
presented the thanks of their respective
groves to the association for Its fraternal
visit. It was decided that ' hereafter the
association shall visit one grove a month,
with a view to encourage the members
and. to demonstrate that Druids who have
.passed through' the chairs have not for
gotten ..the order after having, received
high honors. At the next regular meeting
the supreme representatives, J. P. Martl
honi and E. H. Goetze; will exemplify the
unwritten, work as it was given before the
Supreme^Grove * at its- last' held session
The ball of "this association, given In
Union Square Hall last night, was a very
pleasant affair, was well attended and
was a social success. ,; ., '
In Groves of Druids.
On the last Saturday in January Mrs.
Julia Zeigler Gibbs, ' among others,
was installed as financial, secretary
of Amity Rebekah Lodge. Shortly
after the closing of the lodge she
returned to her home, when she was
stricken with heart failure and died
In a short time. Her funeral took place
last Tuesday and the services of the or
der were performed in Memorial Hall by
Noble Grand Arch Mrs. Ida M. Allen, as
sisted by Mrs. Laura Lowrie. P. G., and
a full corps of officers under the marshal
fihlp of Mrs. Antoinette Shaw, P. G. The
ceremony was most solemn and Impres
sive, the large gathering of members of
'the order and friends, who filled the hall,
all being affected to tears. Past Grand
Master W. H." Barnes delivered a most
eloquent eulogy and the music was grand.
The organ was presided over by Mrs. Se
cord, a charter member of the lodge, who
did so In accordance with a. promise made
eight years ago that if Mrs. Gibbs died
first she would bo the organist at the
funeral. Mrs. Gibbs was a faithful, zeal
ous, unselfish worker for the lodge and
order and a conscientious Rebekah. She
was. the mother of Dr. C. L. Zeigler, re
cording secretary of Fidelity Lodge.
Arrangements have been made for a
special session of the California assembly
on the 23d inst.
The officers of Amity Rebekah - Lodge
were Installed on the last Saturday in
January by Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, D. D. P..
and her corps of able assistants. The
decoration of the hall was- the most .elab
orate that has ever been ¦ presented in a
lodgeroom of the order." Over each station
there was a profusion of pink roses, and
this floral display was added to by a dis
play of the colors of the order and ever
greens. The chairs, of the appointed of
ficers were also rose covered. ; This, the
last Installation work of the term, was
the acme of perfection and was highly
commended by the .many visitors who
crowded the hall.. The new ofllcers are:
Lizzie Brailey, P. G. ; Ida M. Allen,, N.
G.; Hattle Hudson. V. G.; Sarah Thomp
son. R. S.; Julia Z. Gibbs, F. S.; Emma
Andrews. T.; Hattie Fenn, R. S. to Ni G.;
Mrs. Mathews. L. S. to N. G.: Mrs. Wess
ling, R. S. to V. G.; Annie Archer, L. S.
to V. G.; Alma Jensen, W.; Susie Stew
art, conductor; Leila Zelgler, chaplain;
Fannie Igo, organist.. The retiring noble
grand, Mrs. Brailey, was presented by the
lodge with a past grand's collar and a
beautiful jewel, after which there, was
dancing. This lodge during the past term
received Into membership thirty-six can
didates.
¦ Mrs. C. A. Hoxett is visiting lodges of
ficially in Sonoma County at this time.
The ' entertainment that was given in
Covenant Hall, Odd Fellows' building, on
the last Saturday in January by Walhal
la Rebekah Lodge was attended by a large
number of the members of the lodge and
their friends, who were delightfully en
tertained with a varied programme of vo
cal and Instrumental music, recitations In
English and German, coon specialties and
stories. The contributors were Miss Ap
parlus. Miss Kaufman, Miss Grenlnger.
Mrs. Segelkin and Messrs. Bald. Worth,
Richmond, Edelman, Baudoin and Stock
and the Keystone quartet. At the close
of the programme there was dancing un
til mldnicHt and all had a most enjoyable
time. This lodge has awakened to the
fact that to be. noticed Its officers and
members must do something in the social
line. This, the .first of a series of social
events to be given under the auspices of
the recently installed officers, was a great
success. It was under the direction of
Mrs. H. Joost. Mrs. Emma Greninger and
Mrs. M. Hocking.
In Hsbekah Lodgerooms.
The general relief committee of San
Jose will have an open meeting on the
22d inst. and a line programme will be
presented. Past Grand Master Barnes
has been Invited to deliver an address.
The joint installation last week of the
new officers of Wildey and Unity encamp
ments was witnessed by about: 150 mem
bers of the order. The Installing officer
was C. F. Phillips. D. D. G. P. After the
installation there was a surprise. in store
for George B. Clifford, past nigh priest of
No. 40, who, during the past two years,
has acted as high priest In each of the
encampments when by reason of business
the high priest was unable to be present.
He was called to the station of the in
stalling officer by George T. Shaw, H. P.,
who asked that "Brother Clifford be In
stalled as substitute high priest and in ac
cordance with the usual custom I now in
vest him with the jewel of his office." He
then pinned on his coat a most magnin
cent jewel of gold and precious stones. It
is a triangle in enamel and bearing upon
it the name of the presentee and his rank
and on the face of this is a gold plate on
which are the twelve precious stones that
symbolize the twelve tribes of Israel and
on the back is an Inscription showing that
the jewel was the joint gift of the two en
campments. This was followed by a
banquet, at which James A. Wilson, one
of the wittiest men in the order, presided
as toastmaster. His introduction of those
selected to respond to . toasts was most
unique and created a great deal of mer
riment. Those who responded were J.
W. Harris, Colonel C. H. Wever. General
•Henry O. Brower. Grand Scribe W. H.
Barnes, W. W. Watson, George T. Shaw,
J. A. Foster, C. H. Kronbeck and
"Bobby" Burns.
Grand Master Watson will pay an of
ficial visit to Cosmopolitan Lodge on the
night .of the 6th inst. and on th» following
night he will visit Franco-Americaine
Lodge.
The new encampment at Hanford, re
cently instituted, has sent In its first re
port, which shows a membership of
thirty-two. The banner encampment for
Increase of membership : this term is
Laurel of Santa Ana; which had a net
gam of eleven, beating Golden Gate, the
pioneer encampment, by one. The> en
campment at Snelling, also a recent ar
rivaJ, shows up With a membership of
nineteen.
Brigadier General H. O. Brower of the
Patriarchs Militant, I. O. O. F., visited
Vallejo last night, where he Instituted and
mustered in a new canton. He was as
sisted In the work by representatives of
San Francisco Canton No. 5, OaCkland No.
11, Stockton No. 15 and Santa Rosa No. 23.
With the Odd Fellows.
Ivy Chapter has decided to have some
kind of' a social hour after each meeting
under a system that will not entail ardu
ous duties upon members of committees,
as was the case in the past. It is expect
ed that as good results will be attained
under the new as under the old system.
Beulah Chapter had a pleasant meeting
last Monday night. There was a good at
tendance of the members, and after the
chapter closed- those present enjoyed an
entertaining social hour.
Harmony Chapter has elected a large
number of candidates for membership and
expects to have fifteen to initiate at its
next meeting. ' *
Golden Gate Chapter will have degree
work at Its next meeting, as there has
been an election to membership and the
candidate has been notified to appear, for
Initiation.
During January Grand Patron E. W.
Conant has instituted' two new. chapters
one at Tehachapi and" the other at Calls
toera. -I, Ss;-. -r. ;- ¦- . ' " • ¦
Eastern Star Chapters.
The same night the following named
were Installed as the officers of Sans
Souci Parlor in the Alcazar building* Liz
zie O'Nell.'v P. .P.;- Emma Wesslng' P •
Mary Mooney, Mary Seaberg and Kittle
Downing, V. Ps:.; Minnie F. Dobbin R.
8.: Alice Munson, F. S.; Dora Bloom ' T •
Jennie - Sawyer, • M.; -Nellie Uttlejohn'.
Theodora t; Sawyer and Emma Heiman
trustees, Luceta Revny.I/S.: Annie Wal
ters, O. S.; Mollle Hunter. 6.?Dr J D
The officers of Las Lomas Parlor of the
native Daughters of the Golden West
were Installed In private on the last Mon
day in January in Mission Parlor Hall by
Mrs. M. * E. . Gallagher, d. d. ; g. p., as
sisted by Emma G. Foley and Miss
Gruberv. After the Installation a souvenir
of the occasion was presented to : Mrs
Genevieve Baker, grand vice president*
who was there as : a visitor, and a.bou
quet of beautiful flowers was presented to
the installing officer. A programme and
collation followed. •
Native Daughters Parlor*.
Army and^Navy Parlor Is making elab
orate preparations for Its minstrel enter
tainment to be given In Native Sons' Hall
next Wednesday night. It Is expected
that the programme will surpass that of
this parlor given some. time since.
Grand Trustee Gallagher visited the
parlor In Mayfleld on the 28th of last
month. • .
Grand' Trustee McLaughlln visited Cali
fornia Parlor last Thursday and last night
he ¦was with Santa Lucia Parlor.
Grand Trustee Radcllffe visited "Wood
land Parlor Inst week. He will visit Sil
ver Gate Parlor on the 5th ,lnst., on the
6th he .¦will be with .the parlor at Marys
vllle and then he will visit Rainbow Par
lor. •-. ¦
Last Wednesday Grand Second Vice
President Byington visited Eden Parlor
officially. He will also visit Oakland Par
lor next -Wednesday.
Iinst Tuesday night Stanford Parlor was
officially visited by Grand Trustees' Mc-
Noble and McLaughlln. who were accom
panied by Grand Treasurer Martin and
Grand Secretary Lunstedt. Grand Trustee
McNoble during the week also visited
Dolores and Olympus parlors. .
On the night of the 26th of January
Grand President Rust. Grand Second Vice
President Bylngton, Grand Secretary Lun
stedt. District Deputy Grand Presidents
D. A. Ryan, E. A. Brackett and C. E.
Manthey, together with forty members of
Stockton Parlor and members of the order
from parlors in Alameda County, paid a
visit to Las Posltas Parlor In Livermore.
During the evening, the Stockton extra de
gree team conferred the Tong degree in
grand style upon a number of the young
men of Livermore, after which there was
a banquet and many speeches.
Thomas F. Lloyd of Rincon Parlor is the
father of the greatest number of native
sons, eight of them answering to roll
call, and by reason of this prominence he
has been awarded a prize, a lot at Rich
mond Point.' In a letter to Grand Secre
tary Lunstedt he suggests that somebody
offer. a prize to the Native Son who can
show the-' greatest number of native
daughters.
William Attridge..D. D. G. P.. has In
stalled the following named as the officers
of Alcalde Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West: L. J. Watson, P. P.;
James A./Devoto, P.; H. A. Bowers, E.
Lastreto and F. M. O'Donnell. V.|P.; W.
N. Youngman, M-"; R. '**.; Hesslon, F. S.;
J. B. Acton, R. S.; A. ¦ Rahwyler. T.; G.
Barber, R. H. Andrews and H. S. Silver
thorn,- trustees; H. O. Rogers, I, S.; L.
Heeb, O. S.; J. H. Temple. O. After the
installation there were addresses by C. H-
Turner of Alcatraz Parlor and R. D. Bar
ton of Sequoia Parlor, after which there
Was the presentation on behalf of the par
lor of a handsome gold medal to the re
tiring pa.pt president. James W. Desmond.
Then followed a programme of entertain
ment made up of humorous and pathetic
recitations, songs, specialties and vaude
ville numbers.
Nativa' Sons' Parlors.
Silver .Spray Lodge of the Degree of
Honor held its monthly social in Excelsior
Hall last week. A pleasing programme
was presented for the entertainment of
the many who were present.
Bay City Lodge of Eureka will have a
public meeting in -the first part of March.
Several of the grand officers will attend.
Last week the members of Unity Lodge
were treated to a very interesting lecture
by Past Supreme Master Jordan on the
subject of "Capital and Labor."
Prosperity Lodge has twelve candidates
to Initiate. The lodge has decided to have
some form of entertainment after each
meeting hereafter. Next Tuesday the fea
ture ¦will be an Arabian troupe of per
formers and singers, and on the following
Tuesday night the feature will be a Swe
dish Choral Society.
Grand Recorder Spencer and Grand Re
ceiver Booth will pay an official visit on
the 19th inst. to the lodge In Jackson, and
on the following night will visit the one
in lone.
Reports from Sacramento show that the
lodges In that city are doing well.
The installation of the officers of Su
perior Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen in Its hall on Polk
street, near Sacramento, was conducted
by District Deputy Knowles, assisted by
Deputy Grand Master E. Danforth, Past
Master Manzer, Past Master Glosser and
Past Master Bergman of Hercules Lodge,
Past Master Shea of Yerba Buena and
Past Master A. D. Hawley of the sitting
lodge, in the presence of a large number
of ladies and gentlemen, after which
there was an interesting programme pre
pared by the committee on entertainment.
This included a piano selection by Willie
Webb, iancy dance by Misses Milwood
and Koupe, remarks for good of the order
by E. Danforth, D. G. M. W.; tambourine
dance. Miss Florence Robinson; piano re
cital; Professor George Farreil; "The
Good of Workmanship," Past Master
Manzer; ¦ Spanish dance, : Miss Louise
Guthman; musical selections, L. F. Klein
of Superior Lodge: sketch and mandolin
solo, Master Fernando; dialect recitations,
M. Welsh of the lodge, and vocal solo. Dr.
Mathewson. . Then followed interesting
remarks by H. P. Mathewson and Louis
Meyer, the latter dwelling on tne advan
tage and assistance of the Degree of
Honor to the A. O. U. W. The programme
was followed by dancing. The officers in
stalled are: C. E. Jackson, P. M. W.;
AV. H. Bmythe, M. W.; B. S. Hazeltine,
O. ; Lee Hamlin, G.; J. N. Bowman, G. ;
J. J. Kaehovnikoff, I. W., and W. S. Jef
frey, O. W. During the evening the lodge
through the special efforts of Special Dep
uty hawley secured the applications of
several strangers to join the very enter
prising lodge.
The . Ancient Order . of Workmen.
San Jose Lodge has decided to contrib
ute $700 toward the expenses to be in
curred in entertaining the Grand Lodge
of Elks In San Francisco, should the ses
sion be held in this city in 1902. All the
lodges in this State will work hard to se
cure the Grand Lodge for the city by the
Golden Gate. This lodge has changed its
headquarters to the Odd Fellows' build
ing In the Garden City. It expects lr» a
short : time to commence the erection of
its own hall, which is to cost about $4000,
and will be a model of lodgeroom perfec
tion as to comfort and equipment. The
lodge has adopted resolutions of respect
to the memory of the late F. C. Sanford,
who was a prominent member.
Reno Lodge of the Benevolent and Pro
tective Order of Elks has now a member
ship, of sixty, four novices having been
Initiated at a recent meeting. On last
Friday night the lodge had a ladies' night
In lieu of the regular business meeting,
and aa the doors were thrown open to the
people of -Reno, Xev., who are not usually
invited to take part In the proceedings of
the lodge, there was a large attendance,
and the excellent programme presented
by the entertainment committee was
greatly enjeryed.
"Best Paople on Earth."
Galileo Grove will give an excursion to
and basket picnic at Fernbrook Park,
near Nlles, on the 5th of May. -
.The offering: of a medal for candidates
has already had Its effect in El Dorado
Circle. At the. last held meeting Miss M.
Silva presented the names of nine
strangers who want to become members
of the circle, and another member pre
sented six petitions. Messrs. Martlnonl.
Godeau and Gosch were added to the com
mittee for the picnic, which Is to take
place in Buena Vista Park, . Sausalito, on
(the 28th of April.
The several groves of the United An
cient Order of Druids in this Jurisdiction
will each, at the first meeting this- month,
carry out a memorial service as a tribute
to those who during the year preceding
passed away.
mony there was a banquet, which was
partaken of by 150.
„ Aurora Grove will give a grand ball In
Garibaldi Hall on the night of the 3d of
March. ->
THE FRATERNITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
30
SEWING MACHINES ASP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repalrinc cuaran-
teed/Chartes Plambeck. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 €th: phone Mint 6.
STORAGE ATO WAREHOUSE.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5718.
GOLDEN WEST Storage ¦Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
liEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st ;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or- private lines, »4 SO a
set; electrical work Installed. 1SS» Pt. Lobot.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for lens money than any
house In the city; rentals, 13. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 268.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dlvldend No. 24 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will he payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Monday. February 11, 190L Transfer
books close on Monday, February 4, 1901,
at S o'clock. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
NOTICE of stockholders' meeting 1 — A special
meeting of the stockholders of the Honolulu
Sugar Company is called for and will be
held at the office of the company. No. 127
Market st. Ban Francisco. Cal., on MON-
DAY. February 18. 1901, at 11:80 o'clock a.
in., for the purpose of considering a propo-
sition to dissolve the corporation and to con-
elder such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. By order of the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
. Secretary Honolulu ' Sugar Company.
Doted Ean Francisco, February 2. 1901.
DIVIDEND Kotlce — Th« Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. M r of Seventy-
five Cents (?5c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430
California rt,. Ean Francisco, on February
11, 190L Transfer books close February 4,
1901. at noon, A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wln« Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of sixty cents per
ehare haa been declared, and Is payable on
and after Monday. February 11. 1901, at ths
Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
Stock books will close on Tuesday, February
C 1901. at S o'clock p. m., up to which data
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
TrujBt Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
HENRY VAN' HEROEN. 5>cr»tary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Su-
perintendent Army Transport Service. San
Francisco, Cal.. February 1, 1&01: Sealed pro-
posals In triplicate for furnishing and de-
livering on board army transports «t San
Francisco. California, thirty thousand tons,
more or less, average steam coal, will be re-
ceived at this office until 12 m.. February 15.
1901. and then opened. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propo-
sals should be Indorsed, "Proposals for
Coal." and addressed to OSCAR F. LONG.
General Superintendent.
KABRIAGE LICIOTSES.
The followinr marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: '
William F. Joseph. 24, Vallejo. and Maria
M«ides, IS, Clarkburg.
Santa Blanklno, 30, 331 Vallejo street, and
GluEeppina Pugllarsl. IS. 14 Pfescott street.
Robert J. Goodwin, SO, 62U$ Howard street. '
and Emma B. Combs. 29, 24 Langton street.
Charles C. Huber. 30, Newman, and Louise
Kennedy, 30, Newman.
Bror W. Olsson, 2S, 640 Howard street, and
Annette Armstrong. 25. 57 Lundy Lane.
John A. Malmlund. 40. 1518 Broadway, and
As?arlna Eskilson. 36. 1518 Broadway.
Henry E. Chollet. 32, C3S Halght street, and
Blanche Orr. 20. -70GA Jones street.
Thomas J. Sullivan, 30, Berkeley, and Louise
M. Magrath. 29. city.
Louis W. Llnlnges, 34. city, and Nanna A.
Cutler. 21. city.
Giacomo de Martini. 26. 1701 Hyde street*
and Albina Bacipaluppl. 24, 430 Union street.
Giuseppe Mlchell. 27. 22 Broadway, and Lena
Parenti, 18, Ocean View.
BffiTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, maniajre and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BAXTER— In this city. February L 1901, to the
wife of James Baxter, a daughter.
BOTD— In this city. January 25, 1901. to the
wife of W. G. Boyd, a son.
BULLARD— In this city, January 22, 1901, to
the wife of Samuel E> Bullard, a daughter.
GIBEAl'— In this city. January 27,- 1901, to the
wife of Edward Gibeau, a son.
HIG<3INS— In this city, January 26, 1901, to
the wife of James Hlggins, a son.
ILDERTON— In Alameda. November 18. 1300,
to the wife of H. G. Ilderton, a son.
KING — In this city, January 17, 150L to th«
wife of Valentine A. King, a daughter.
LEVY— In this city. January 20. 1901. to the
wife of Al Levy (nee Stenge), a daughter.
LOVET— In this city. February 2, 1901. to the
wife of Lou \V. Lovey, a son.
READ— In this city, January 2S. " 1901. to the
¦ wife of Walter H. Read, a son.
MABBIED.
CALKINS— COSTELLO— In this city, by the
Rev. John Stephens, H. M. Calkins and Mol-
lie Costello.
EBERT— PRAETORIUS— In this city, January
30, 1S0L by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, William
L. Ebert and Frlda S. Praetorius.
HILTON— WHITE— In this city, January 13.
lSOL by the Rev. Paul Branke, Harry Adams
Hilton and Henrietta. White.
JACKSON— HART— In this city. February 2.
190L by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Uebrge W. Jackson and Annie Hart, both of
San Francisco.
NUTLET-MITCHELL— In this city. January
27. 1901, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the
Rev. Father Hanntgan. William Nutley of
Marysvllle. CaL. and Mary J. Mitchell of
San Francisco.
SHANE— FLTNN— In this city. January 9, 1901,
b- the Rev. Father O'Connell. John J. Shane
and Katie M. Flynn. both of San Francisco.
WARE— RAE— In this city. January 30, 1901.
by the Rev. Dr. John Stephens. Frank E.
Ware of Shasta. Cal., and Lilian D. Rae of
San FrancUco. ;
SLED.
Brannln; Hattle E. McAullffe. Anne
Braxton, Edward Macdonald Alexander
Urennan. John T. Mara, John H.
Busch. Martin L. Marshall. Hugh
Cereghino. Lulgl Menses. Alexander
Duffy. Edward B. Noonan, Jeremiah
Ernst. Charles A. O'Connor. Michael
Gallagher, Kate Somerset, Thomas
Glennie, Geo. M. S. Spoerer, Augusta P.
Hlckey, Michael Sullivan. Patrick
Huston. Arthur Sweeney. Wm. B.
Karr. Delia . Walsh. Michael
Lewis. Charles D. White. Martin
MacMullen, James Wondej-lich, Martha,
BRANNIN— In Sonora. Tuolumne County, Feb-
ruary 1, 1901, Hattie Emily Brannln, daugh-
ter of Jemima and the late William Brannln.
and Fitter of Charles, John. Mamie. Grace
and Willie Brannin, a native of Ban Lorenzo,
aged IS years 1 month and 9 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. San Lorenzo. Interment San Lorenzo
Cemetery.
BRAXTON— In this city, February 2, 1901, Ed-
ward Braxton, a native of Virginia, aged 42
years.
BRENNAN— In this city. January SI. 1901.
John T.. beloved son of Michael T. and the
late Joanna Brennan, and brother of Wil-
liam T. and' Emmet Brennan. Mrs. Thomas
E. Curran and the late Mrs. Mary E. Schlam,
a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years and
27 days.
(TTT'iirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2326 Twenty-flfth street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where cervices will be held
at 1:39 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BUSCH— In this city, February 2, 1901, Martin
L., beloved husband of Mary Busch, and
lather of George E. Busch. Mrs. M. E.
Sweeny. Mrs. D. C. Nutz, Mrs. H. W. Thum-
le«, Mrs. W. C. Gates, Mrs. J. P. Page. Mrs.
William Chappel, Mrs. Augusta Legllse onl
John L. and Nellie Busch. a native of Ude-
valla, Sweden, ared 68 years 4 months and
23 days.
CEREGHINO— In this city, February 1. 1901.
Lulgl. dearly beloved son of Carlo and Glo-
vanna Cereichlno. and brother of Gluseppo
and Savina Cereghlno, a native of Baa Vln-
cenzo dl Favale, Italy, aged 20 years and 6
months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the .funeral takes plac;
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the residence of his parents, 3421 Mission
street, corner of Lizzie. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUFFY— In this city. • February 2. 1S0L Ed-
ward B.. beloved son of the lata B. C. and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannaran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMEK3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
j UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
TJ and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 1«7. I
rUBKRAL DIBE0T0R3 AND EMBALKJBB1. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.', ¦:' I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OAK. 11*— I eunny rooms furnished 'for heavy
housekeeping, til: also single room. $9.
VCTAVIA, 140S. cor. Geary— Large, sunny b*y-
wlndow; also single room; with kitchen.
OFARRELL. MS— 4 unfurnished rooms. (20;
bath; sunny; adults; also furnished rooms.
PERR7. 155— Two fumlehed rooma for light'
housekeeping.
PIN'' i<56. cor. Polk— Housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms, neatly furnlshnd.
POLK. 122 — Desirable sunny unfurnished house- '
keeping roomc.
POST. 851— Sonny suite of rooms; every con-
venience for housfikeeplng: private family.
POWELL, US — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children. Call between 1 and 2.
EKOTWELL. 4C5— Large sunny unfurnished
room; eultable for lady.
SIXTH. ISC — Sunny rooma for light housekeep-
ing :
EUTTETR, 673— Entire floor for housekeeping;
elegantly furnished; also other rooms.
THIRD. e:s— 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; use of bath and washtubs^
TCRIC. 22! — Large housekeeping room; sunny |
front room for dressmaker, music teacher.
VAN NESS. 706—3 nicely furn. sunny rooma
for housekeeping:: ail modern conveniences.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
runsrrlptions has been established at 109$
Valencia St. -
KOOMS TO LIST — Furn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. »n Grant ave.— Best dollar
u cn> family hotel In city: polite attendance;
large rooms; modern conveniences: rooms 60c
up; flrst-clecs meals I5c; free coach.
ARE you look'.ng for rooms, furnished or un-
furnished T We have 600 choice rooms all over
the city. O*t free list. S. F. Room Renting
bureau, room *C3. 227 Market ft.
A— HOTCL Robinson. 1CHSA Market; new man-
agement; furnl?hed rooms, en suite or single;
suits for housekeeping; very reasonable
prices; elevator service; transient.
A— BRCNSWICK Houfe. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25e
tc Xl per night; II 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; cpen all night.
ALTON. 104 McAllister— Large sunny well fur-
nished front culte; suitable for S cr 4 adults.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nUhed rms.. suites, rfsgle; also unfurnUhed.
brSH. EM (The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
f urn. sunny rms.. single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
BUSH. TTT— Nicely furnished front room; suit-
able for physician; other rooms.
EDDY, 6T! — Larga bay-window front room; also
small front and side rooms.
EDDT. 42$— N!ce!y furnished rooms, also one
partly furnished, cheap; running water.
EDDY. G32— Pleasant sunny suite of rooms,
suitable for one or more gentlemen.
ELEVENTH, &44 — Sunny furnished room,
with bath: very reasonable.
ZXLIS, 1914— Elegantly furnished rooms.
FIFTH, ECS — One housekeeping room, $8; also
single. J4 and $5.
ITCi FILBERT et., good hous4 of 7 rooms, bath;
yard; gardpn; rent J-17.
FOURTH. 149— New furnished runny rooms,
from $5 up to '$12 per month.
JTULTON, 116 — Furnished rooms; also house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
GEARY.406 (The Navarre>— Elegantly furnishM
rrns: suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, G2— Eleg-ant rumiy furnished parlor '
floor; 6u!table for physician; other rooms.
CHARY. 9G4 — Punny front eulte aad other
rooms, furnished.
GRANT) SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlfsinn sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies" parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE, 40?'4 — Nice sunny suite of rooms; also
circle room.
HOV.'ARD. K2, bet. 4th and 5th— Newly fur-
nished rooms; rultes. single anfl housekeeping.
HOWARD. 9:2. near Fifth— Newly furnished
fur.ay rms.-; gas grate; }3 up; prlv. family.
HOWARD, IOCS 1 *— Comfortably furnished sunny
front bay^vtndow room; also others, $8.
LAS PALMAS. :SM Market ft.— Suite of 2 or *
rms; private; bath; sin, rms: board optional.
HASOV. 1C5?— Three unfurnished rooms.
H^ALLISTER. 102S — Sunny small front room;
furnished cr unfurnished; use parlor; piano.
*.EW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms, t2 a week up; 35c a. day up.
ICEWLY renovated; nicely furnished: quiet
bouse; rooms from $2 to 17 week. 21 Grant av.
3CEWLY furnished rooms, double or single;
very reasonable. €31>iB Btevenson st.
2CINTH. ;3n^4— Nice roomf of all kinds; single
end double front room for housekeeping and
front parlor; *»e them.
CTFARREI-fc. 23— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day. wk.. mo.
PARTIES harirr furnlrhed or unfurn!sh<»d
roon-.f. apartments, flats, houses or business
property for rent, please list with us; v«
have the most perfect facilities In the city
icr Fecurlnc high grade and desirable ten-
ants. ELDER Rental Information Bureau,
S2 Kfaray et., first Coor. .
TINE. 613. r.r. Powell— Nicely furnished, tingle
front room; closet: private family; $5 50.
J'XYAL Houpe. 12« Ellis— Incandescent light:
r«u2:n»r-room. fmoWng-room and ladf«»" par-
lor; rooms, r«r.ri!pht, 35c to Jl f. n : week. S3 to
JS; month. JS to J31; elevator on cround floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
KOSKDA LE nouw. 119-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
right. 25c to II: week, tl 25 to $4; open night.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
Vf&T Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BOUTH' PARK. 136— Furnished single room. tS.
ETEVENSON. Ctt^B-Wry reasonable: double
or p!nple: newly furr.lFhed; use of kitchen.
fcUTJER. ZXS^i — Chanrpd hands ; newly reno-
vated: single roornt. ?g; culteg. 112 to J25 mo.
TATLOR, i<ifi, n^ar Jackson— Three nicely fur-
r'.shM Fur.ny room* and bath with good view
of the bav; 10 minutes' walk from business
center:, to pentlemen only: ref. required.
TTTiK. £43— <~>an, <jui«»t sinjrl- room for gen-
tlrrr.ar.; private family; $4 60 per month.
TURK. ?ns— Sunny front room. JS.
TURK. €13—3 nnfurnlehed roomfc; $15.
VAN NESS ava. 218— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; gepts only. •---:.'¦
VAN NEFS.'.K»^XlcelT furnished back parlor;
on corner.
"IVILLIAM. 19, oST O'Farrell. near Jones^Nlce,
furnished front room; cas; bath.
fl WEEK: large sunny furnished room, closet.
*>eth; private; call by 8 p. m. E31 Foisom.
CLASKIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions haa been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1$ rae*s. 6Mit- to any address in the
T T T>'t°^ ft»'w <w On^mia on* T»»r *nr it.
ROOMS AM) -BOARD.
AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SC7 California «t-. may
be found a wort exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sirhtljr rooms at modest ratea.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments with cr without board; cuisine unex-
<*U*-d. 1102V4 Broadway, cor. ltth St.. Oak-'
land, ton floor: MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
ELLIS. S37 — Funny bay-window room with
hoard f*r two . gentlemen or couple; private
family.
KOOMS with board, bath. ran. MS. J29: private
family; gentlemen only. 110H McAllister.
ronjis and board; prices reaconabla. 415
First rt
TWO or three rentlemen can flad reflned.pleas-
ant home; excellent table board. 1312 Ellis.
• CHEAPEST and beet In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address in the
United Btates or Canada one year for $1,
T*->H»£-<» raid.
--y nOQMS WASTED."
I OR X unfurnished rooms; sunny; north of
Market; central; references. Pox 1482. Call.
STABLES TO LET. '
SARKS-1 for W. other for *12; 2-Btory; stalls-
fewer connections; yard: corner Hearn* and
Eighth Bts. HOWARD H. HOGAN.
. ¦ SPECIAL .\OTICES.
LADIES-Chlchester- English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable; take no other;
tend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles In letter by return mall; at drug-
gUte. Chlchegter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.'
BAD tenants ejected for »4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<1S Montgomery et.. rooma 8-10; tel. 65S0..
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 644 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-flfth, near Douglass,
thence to St. James Church, where services
will be held at l;30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city. February J. 1901. Mar-
¦ tin White, a native of New York, a*?ed 75
years.
E7"Frien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February. 6. at 2 o'clock, from the Masonlo
Tempje. corner Montgomery and Post streets
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land.
WONDERLICH— In Oakland, February 2. 1901.
Martha B., beloved wife of A. P. Wonder-
llch. mother of Mrs. Kate Brandon. Mrs.
Ella Miller. Mrs. Jessie Watson and S. G
and B. W. Wonderilch. and sister of Mrs
J. B. Williams, a native of Carlisle, Pa.,
aged 68 years 11 months and 20 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Good Samaritan Church, Sec-
ond Btreet, between Howard and Folsom,
¦where service* will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospital,
February L 1901, Patrick Sullivan, a native
of Ireland, aged 61 years. \ •
6WEENEY-In Ant loch. February' 1. 1901.
¦William B. Sweeney, beloved husband of the
late Hanorah Sweeney, and father of James
E-. Charles A., William J., Thomas and
Katherlne Sweeney, a native of Ireland, aged
76 years. .
E7 1 Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. SIS Mason street,
between O'Farrell and. Geary. _
WALSH— In this city, January 81. 1901, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Elizabeth M. Walsh,
father of Lizzie, Edward and Willie Walsh,
and brother of Dennis Walsh. Mrs. James
Dlckson and Mrs. John Murphy of Hum-
• boldt,- Cal., a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Sunday), at '2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-nrst.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SPOERER— In this city. February 1, 1901, Au-
gusta P.. beloved mother of Bertie, Lollta
and Willie Sooerer. daughter of Mrs. L.
Bush, "and stepdaughter of Dr. L. Bush, a
native of San Francisco, aged 42 years U
months and 26 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral pal-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SOMERSET— In th!6 city, February 1. 1901.
Thomas Somerset, father of. George and Ed-
ward Somerset and the late Mrs. C. Murphy,
a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
E7"Nottce of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNOR— In this city. February 1. 1901.
Michael, belca-ed • brother of Daniel O'Connor,
a native of Doon, County- Limerick, Ireland,
• Hged as years and 4 mon'hs.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 045 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NOONAN— In this city. February 2. 1301. Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Frances Noonan,
and father of: Mary, Joseph and Richard
Noonan, a native of Lawrence, Mans., aged
46 years 5 months and 7 days. (.Boston pa-
pers please copy.) . •
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday); at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 316 Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, corner Tenth and Howard
streets, ivhere services will be held, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MARSHALL— In Redlands,' Cal., February 2,
1901. Hugh Marshall, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Marshall, and brother of Patrick
S., H«ndrle and Thomas • Marshall, a native
of Glasgow. Scotland, aged 50 years and 6
months.
MEXSES-In this city, February 1, 1901, Alex-
ander Menses, beloved husband of May Men-
ses, and father of Alexander Mennes Jr., a
native of isan Francisco, aged 45 years and 6
months.
K^Ploneers, friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 68 Halght street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARA— In this city, February J, 1901, John H.,
beloved son of .Michael R. and Catherine
Mara, and brother of Maggie, Hannah and
William Mara and Mrs. Walter Smith, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2» years 7 months
and 2 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 5, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 236 Capitol street, Vallejo. thence to
St. Vincent's Church, where a solemn high
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment St. Vincent's
Cemetery.
MACDOXALD— In this city. January SO, 1901,
Alexander Davidson Macdonald, beloved hus-
band of Acnes Macdonald. and father of
Clarence D., Alaster S., Robert B. and Sibyl
Macdonald and Mrs. George T. Phelps, a na-
tive cf Inverness-shlre, Scotland, In his 70th
year. A pioneer of 1849. (Victoria, B. C,
papers pleas* copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 'o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 60S Buchanan street. Interment Iona
Churchyard, Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.-
McAULIFFE— In Vallejo. February 2, 1901.
Anne,- beloved wife of John F. McAullffe, sis-
ter of Mrs. Manraret Kelly of Vallejo and
Dennis DriscoU- of San Francisco, aunt of
Mrs. T. W. Dalton and .Mrs. Mary Furlong
of Vallejo and Dr. James H. Seymour of San
Francisco, and cousin of Mrs. James Lane of
Mare Island, a native of Ireland,, "axed C2
years.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MacMULUEN- In this city. February 1. 1901,
James, beloved husband of Eliza MacMullen.
and father of Samuel W., James, Thomas,
John H.. Elizabeth E.. William. Martha and
Robert G. MacMullen, aged 74 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to Attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2251 Mission street, thence by funeral
car from corner Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LEWIS— In this city, February 1, 1901, Charles
Delonsr, beloved husband of Emma Lewis,
son of James M. and Rachel A. Lewis, and
only brother of Wesley T. Lewis, a native of
California, aged 33 yeara 6 months and 18
days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:80 o'clock, from the First
Unitarian Church, corner Geary and Frank-
lin streets. \ Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt. 2666 Mission street (Mission Masonic
Temple).
KARR— In this city, February 1, 190L Delia,
beloved wife of the lat* John Karr, daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Ltghthall. and
sister of Mrs. M. Hildreth, George D. and
William Llghthall. Mrs. Walton. Mrs. Strick-
land- and Mrs. Coats, a native of Michigan,
aged 19 years 7 months and 21 days.
tC7"The funeral will take plac* this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11 :30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HUSTON— In this city, February I. 1901. Ar-
thur, beloved husband of Jessie Huston, a
native of England, aged 27 years 2 months
and 17 days.
C^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his lat* resi-
dence, 1617 Clay street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets, by 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HICKEY— In this city, January 81, 1901, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Margaret Hlckey, a
native of Ireland, aeed 83 years.
(E7The funeral will talcs place to-morrow
(Monday), at .2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avemje. In-
terment private.
ERNST-In this city. January 81, 1901. Charles
Alexander Ernst, dearly beloved husband of
Minnie Ernst, son-in-law of Mr. " and 1 Mrs.
- John Moller; and brother-in-law of Dora,
Marie and Louise Moller, a native of Reval.
, Kussta. aged 35 years 2 months and S days. '
[L"7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 133B Perry street. Interment' Masonic
Cemetery. • . ¦
GALLAGHER— In this city, February 3, 1901.
Kate, wife of V. Gallagrher, daughter of
Luke and Ann Hackett, and sister of Mark.
Joeeph, Frank, William and , Gertrude Hack-
ett. Mrs. Thomas McDonald and the late Ed-
ward Hackett. a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years I months and 11 days.
GLENNIE— In- this city. February 1, 1901.
George M. 8. Glennle, beloved 'son of Jane
Waters, and brother of John V. and Justltia
Glennle and Hartley Waters, a native of
Aberdeen, Scotland, aged SI years 10 months
and 18 days. | .
Mary E. Duffy, and brother of Alice Duffy
and Mrs. George Becker, a native of Boston,
Mass.. ared 35 years. ' 'LOCAL MARKETS.
Th» week closed on a nulet and generally un
changed market, with Potatoes dragging under
large stocks and Onions steady. A car of Mer
ce4 Sweets sold at »l 65. • The Vegetable mar
ket continued firm.
¦1 POTATOES— Early Rose. «5©75c: Burbanks.
S5€_Oc for Uiver and ; S5ctf$l 10 - per - ctl ¦ for
SalRian-and «5(BfO«" for Oregon: Oarnet Chiles,
from Orgeon. W®75c; Swe*ts, |1 05 f or Mareed.
¦; ONIONS-^fl 60^2 per ctl; . Cut Onions. Jl 25
per ¦ ctl. ¦¦'¦'¦-' •-¦,:" .- ¦ '" '¦'¦.¦
¦ VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 6®8c : Asparagus,
from Sacramento. 15@25c per lb; front A lamed*
and Bouldtn Island, 35c; Green Peas. 4@7c per
(Note.— There are no grain quotations to-day,
as the Produce Exchange remained closed yes
terday \r\ respect to .the > memory 'of the late
Queen:)* ' _ -
Potatoes', Onions and Vegetables.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $1 83tf
Sterling Exchange, slant — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, Blent — 1714
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver,- per ounce.. — 6Q*i
Mexican Dollars, nominal •- 504 O *>1
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tiroes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. . Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twentyr
five minutes later than at Fort Point; thu
height of tide is the same at both places.
(ttOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAV FRANCISCO. Feb. 2, 5 p. in.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
seauon, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
63; minimum, 42; mean, 48.
•\VEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
NOTE-In the above exposition of the thles
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time, column rives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when, a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from ttie depth
riven by the charts. The plane of reference
la the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco -Cal
February 2, 1901. ¦ •¦
On account of a fault In the mechanism the
time ball was not dropped to-day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. in charge.
POLICEMAU DEELEY 13
TO WALK THE CARPET
He Is Charged With Being- Intoxi-
catcd at the Tims of Beport
ing Off Duty.
Policeman Lawrence J. Deeley will have
to answer a charge of drunkenness be
fore the Police Commissioners at their
meeting Tuesday night. The complaint
was made by Captain Solllanff. It la
charged that Deeley reported off duty at
12:30 a. m., January 28, and when asked
•where he had" been he could not give ¦*
satisfactory explanation. Lieutenant
Mooncy, Sergeant Conboy and ethers will
testify that he was intoxicated.
Deeley has been more than . once, before
the board on different charees. The Ia3t
occasion was for arresting a man at Third
and Market streets while workmen we'ra
excavating for the Independent Electric
Llgnt Company. A horse had. fallen into
the trench and Deeley was- sent to see
what could be done. Ho Io3t his temper
made an unwarrantable arrest and was
severely reprimanded by tho board. ¦
Women of "Woodcraft Instr.ll.
The recently clecte.1 officers of Califor
nia Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
were Installed last Friday ni&rht In Na
tive Sons' Hall by Mrs. Steanart, D. O.
G. N., aanlfited by- M. Sharkey of Sierra
Circle acting as G. C. of T.G. There
were present almost every member of th.»
circle and a large delegation from Red
wood Circle, v/hich came in a body. There
were a number of congratulatory ad
dresses by the visitors, and durlns: tho
M-eningr the retiring 1 guardian neighbor.
Miss Alice Perrln. was preeented by-tbo
circle with a magnificent badee of the
order, emblematic . thereof, and of her
rank, which she attained- after many
months of hard work. The ceremonies in
the hall were. followed by a supper in tho
tanquet hall, -which was served under the
direction -of Mrs. Annie Isenbruck,- Mrs.
Mary Mackel . and Mrs. Mary Mahoney,
the committee on entertainment. .
Unusual weather conditions continue over
the Pacific Slope. During the past 24 hours
the pressure has .fallen rapidly over the north
ern half of the coast. A depression of mod
erate extent Is moving rapidly ' southward
through Oregon and will probably pass over
the Sierras on Sunday.
Unsettled weather with rain and snow In the
mountains will probably prevail over . the
greater portion of the country west of the
KoVky Mountains during the next 36 hours.
The temp«rature continues from 4 to 10 de
grees below the normal throughout California-
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending: midnight February S. 1901:
¦Northern- California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday, with rain; continued cool
weather; brisk to high southwest winds.
' Southern • 'California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday; probably light rain; fresh
southerly winds. . . . ¦
Nevada— Snow Sunday; colder along the Sier
ras; brisk southwest wind.
Utah— CXoudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
probably snow. *
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday,
with snow In northern portion; heavy frosts
Bunday morning in southern portion.
San Francisco and vtclnlty— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday: probably rain; brisk south
west w!nds. t ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
•.¦ Forecast Official.
Eastern Exchanges Closed.
NEW TORK, Feb. 2.— All the exchanges ex
cept the Coffee J-Jxchange were closed In New
York to-fiay In y-lbut» to the memory of the
late ilueen of Great Britain.
rHICAGO. Feb. 2.— The Stock Exchange and
the Board of Trade ware closed to-day.
Weekly Bank . Statement.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.~Th« weekly statement
of the Associated Banks shows:
Loans IS71. 808.200: Increase. $30,440,000. De
pocltB. $969,917,600; Increase, (32,494,600. Circu
lation, $31,319,100; increase, $85,900. Legal-ten
ders, $74,493,200; inereas*. $1,048,200. Specie,
$192,823,000; increase, $1,114,800. Total reserve,
$267 318. £00; Increase, $2,1$3.000. -Reserve r«
fiulrfd $242,473,375: Increase, $8,123,825. Surplus
reserve, $24,843,825; decrease. $5,960,625.
NEW 7 YORK, Feb. 2.— Th«. Financier says:
The. New York clearing-house, banks continue
tc make n»w records in the matter of general
totals. The expansion of loans for the week
lust ended was $S0,440.30<>. which surpasaes the
heretofore . unprecedented sain of January 1?
by 17,600,000. Nothing: approtehin* the totals
cf tha last three or four weeks has ever been
known in the history of the United States, and
It Is doubtful If the records now being made
wltl be equaled for a Ions time to come. The
deposits of the banks for the current si* days'
period expanded $32.494,rC0. This does not equal
by $4,000,000 the Increase in deposits noted three
weeks aco,. but it ranks nejet to it in mag
nitude. Th« underlying: causes to which these
advances may be traced rest In the consum
mation cf the great railway deals of which so
much has been recently raid and to extra
heavy borrowing In tlrrn? loans. These features
are not constant, but they have undoubtedly
led to the results already mentioned. The dis
appointing portion of the statement- U found
in -the small gain In cush. which amounted to
$2 168,000, or less than half, the anticipated ex
pansUin. The Btatemtat,. based as ft ia on
averages, probably dock not reflect the real
condition of the banks with reference to re
perves at the end of , the week, - The loan ex
pansion, operating as :t did to swell the de
posit account, necessitated an increased legal
i oHerve ot eight millions and as ¦ th« gain - In
cash' was but little in excess of two millions
the excess reserva is -reduced $S.Sf>i),623. stand
ing at $24.(»S,8M. -Evan this amount. In view
of the unprecedented totals or the other Items,
Is unequal and Indicates that the banks, despite
gold 'exports and other demands upon them,
have, not reached the limit of. their accommd
dating power. What has been going on in
the local banking field for the past month will
be understood b«U*r, perhaps,; when It Is said
that since January 6 of tht present year loans
have increased sixty-eight millions and de
posits ninety-nine millions ' of dollars. One
more Increase au large aa that of - last week
would make the total net deposits of the sixty
three elearlngr-house banks one thousand, mil.
Hod dollars. . The present net deposits ot | the
New York banks ans now Urgsr than the de
posits of the . 273 national banks of ' all • th«
reserve cities ¦ In < the United . States, Chicago
Raid on Lottery Men.
Sergeant Donovan and Policemen Mc-
Gee and Peters raided three lottery place.*
yesterday afternoon where white and col
ored men were dally-'visitorfl. The places
wereat 1107 T>upont' street, ' 627- Pacific
street and 635 Paclflc street. Fifteen ar
rests were made, of those arrested three
being the keepers and the others visitors.
At | each place the • tottery, paraphernalia,
was seised., •
TO SAIL
be replaced ca Its station a* soon u practi
cable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Cbaat. 1801. page f6.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N.,
LJghthousa Inspector.
Office of U. B. Lighthouse Inspector. Port
land, Oregon. January SL 190L .-
Shipping Intelligence.
AJUUVEO. -
Saturday, February S.
Etmr South Coast. Oisen. 43 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Grace- Dollar, Fosen. 68 hours from.
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Carllsl* City. Patterson. 42 days from
Hongkong, via llojl 24 days, via San IXego
3 days.
Stmr North Fork, McLellaa. 24 hours from
Eureka.
¦ I s S itmr 'Warren, FVaaler. 35 days from Ma
nila, via Honolulu 9 daye.
Ship Berlin, Bennett. 64 days from Tacoma.
Ship America, Harding, tH days from Se
attle.
Ship Iaaao Reed. Holmqulst, 5 days from
Seattle.
Bark Kat» Davenport, Rosendahl, 6 days
from Port Blakeley.
Bark Fresno, Petterson, 4V4 flaya from. Port
Gamble. '
Schr Occidental. Rcsich, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson. 52 hours from Cooa
Bay. . i
Schr J G Wall, Jensen, 4S hours from Eu
reka.
Schr "W F Jew«tt. Nlcolson, 4 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Free Trade, Peterson, 4 days from Coos
Bay. '
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 4 flays from, "Wll
lara Harbor. •.
CLEARED.
Saturday, February t.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Gooda.ll. Per
kins & Co.
Strar Marinosa, R#nnle. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Rosamond. Ward. Honolulu; "Williams,
Dimor.d & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. February 2.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura.
Etmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka."
Stmr Martaoea. Rennle. Honolulu.
Etmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockrteth. Crescent City.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Chemainus.
' Pchr Matlon. Tocfer. Tacoma.
Schr Berwick-. Pearson. Coqulile.
Echr Vega. Exratt, Grays Harbor.
RETURNED.
Saturday. February 2.
Schr Mayflower. Gudmanw»n. hence Jan 30.
for CoauUle River, on- account of carrying
away main rlBKiCB. port forerisslnK. etarboard
side,, on Jan 31, at 1 a m, 30 miles XTV of
Point Reyes la moderate wind. 33 miles per
hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
KAHULtri. Jan 13— Shin Charmer ha» been
sighted several times oft here, but has falleJ
to come In. Harbor is now full of vessels.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 2. 10 p -m— "Weather
foggy: wind X\V. velocity 32 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA-SaJled Feb 2-Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 1— Stmr San Pedro, hence Jan 31.
Sailed Feb i — Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco. .
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 1— Bark Tidal "Wave.
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 2-Stmr Aloha, for
Junrau.
•HONOLULU— Sailed Jan IF— Nor itmr Thyra.
for Manila. Jan 20 — Br almr Mlowera. for
Sydney. Jan IS— Stmr Chas Nelson, for Saj»
Francisco, via Kahului: fhip "Wm H Macy, for
Tort Townsend: f<chr Twilieht, for San Fran
cisco. Jan K— Ship Iroquois. for Port Town
rend: bark Andrew Welch, for San Francisco.
Jac 14— Gcr ahlD Marie Hackfeld. for Port
land. Jan TSr— U S stmr Grant, for Manila;
bktn S G Wilder, 'for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan IS— Br ship Falls of Garry, from
Newcastle. NSW: bktn Kllkltat. from Port
Gamble. Jan 20 — U S stmr Warren, from Ma
nila: Br «mr Miovrera. from Victoria'. Jan 21
— Stmr Albion, hence Jan 8; schr Twilight,
from sea. In distress. Jan 22-Bktn S N Castle.
h<*nc*'Jan 5: ttmr John S Ktmball, from Se
attle. Jan 23— Ut stmr Gaelic, hence Jan IS;
bark Albert, hence Jan 7. Jan 2f— U S «tmr
Grant, hence Jan 16. Jan 25 — Br rtmr Doric,
from Yokohama: stmr Zealand I a, hence Jan 18.
To sa'l Jan 25— U S stmr Warren, for San
Franciwo.
BOWBN3 LANDING— Arrived Feb J— Stmr
Navarro. hence Feb 1.
nSHKRMAXS BAT— Failed Feb J— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr -Luella,
frcm Ca*r»''.
called Feb 2— S«-hr» Louise and Sadie, for
Uotmu* River: »chr Comet, for Ballard.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr GeorcV W
Elder for San Ftanc'.sco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb J-Schr Ida
Echnauer. for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan 15— Schr Robert R
Hind, from Port Townsend. Jan 18— Schr Stan
lev, hence Dec 31.
Balled Dec 1«— Ship A J Fuller, for PurM
Sound. Jan 1&— Bktn Quickstep, for Pu&et
Sound. .*
In i>ort Jan 19— Schr* II C Wrirtt. John D
Tailant. Honolpu and Compeer * Stanley.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 31— Ship Ser>ia,
hence Nov 23. • •
CALETA BL'EKA-Arrired Feb J-Bktn Re
trierer, from Pert Hadlock.
OCEAN STEAMERS. . !
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb T— Stmr Lucania,
from Liverpool: «tmr i,SwltzerIand, from Ant
i;aiied Feb 2— Stmr Amsterdam, for Rotter
dam: Ktnr Etrurla. for Liverpool: stmr Graf
Waldersse. for Hamburg; , etmr Alter, for
Gcnon. ' •
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr La Champagne,
for New York.
BRF.MEN— Sailed Feb 2—Stmr Oldenburg., for
LIVURPOOIj — Sailed F"eb 2 — Stmr. Umbrla,
for K*vr York.
• GENOA— Arrived Feb J— Stmr Columbian,
from JC»w York. ? •- .
Steamer' Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TRANSPORT WARREN HAS TROUBLOUS
TIME DURING THE LONG VOYAGE FROM
MANILA TO THIS PORT VIA HONOLULU
She Starts Out With Two Furnaces Down and When Off
Hawaii the Boiler Tubes • Give Out, Whereupon the Cap
tain Decides to Make for the Nearest Port of Refuge
THE long overdue army transport
Warren arrived in port yesterday
ofter rundown. In consequence
the vef ?el had to remain In quar
antine all night. She will come to
the wharf about noon to-day.
The Warren left here in August last and
has been almost constantly on the move
ever Flnoe. She was the first of the trans
port fleet to land troops at Taku during
the Chinese troubks. ar.'d then she was
put on duty among the Philippine Islands.
Since leaving San Francisco with a con-
Fiecment of recruits she has had aboard
the Ninth Cavalry. Fourteenth, Twenty
third and Thirty-eighth Infantry, and
now eemt-s home with a load of discharged
men and invalids.
Before leaving Manila the Warren had
two of her furnaces down. Her other
boilers were not in very good shape and
the coal in the was not of the
best. Captain Frazier derided that under
the circumstances It would be better to
take the southern route, and not take any
chances on the cold and stormy great cir
cle. It was well he did so. When 500 miles
north of Honolulu the boiler tubes on an
other of the engines began to give out
and two more furnaces showed 6igns of
falling. The vessel was then put about
ajid headed for Honolulu, where she ar
rived January 21. The necessary repairs
were made and the transport sailed for
g.in Francisco at 3 p. m. on January 24. _
The Warren brings home fifty-seven dis
charged soldiers and 465 invalids. There
are eight men on guard duty and twelve
members of the hospital corps. There are
107 bodies aboard, among them being those
of Lieutenant G. A. Cooper of the Fif
teenth Infantry, killed In action; William
P. Elliott, lieutenant commander In the
navy, and Walter T. Stack, first lieuten
ant Forty-seventh Infantry. Three men
died at sea a few days after the Warren
palled from Manila, two of dysentery and
one of consumption.
The cabin passengers on the "Warren
are:
Color.M A. F. Pacjrett, Second Lieutenant G.
TC. Conchncwer. Thirtieth Infantry; D. W.
2>u«ley. captain V. S. A. T.: R. B. Dudley;
Major Char!* 1 *; Newbold. paymaster t*. S. ; Mrs.
Newbold; F*. C. Jackson. A. A. S.: F. G. Ka-
Klehart. A. A. S.; Paul C. Hutton. A. A. S.;
C H. Lattmpr. A. A. S. : Mrs. McGreKor; C. C.
WTJllumi: Dr. Lloyd R. Hawley; Captain P. T.
Rellly. Forty-second Infantry: Llteutenant J.
S. Gibbs. Signal Corps; Mrs. J. S. Gibbs: Major
O. U. Wmv*, «Tjr*reon. I*. S. V. : Hanna iSIgrs
tx-e. <*ntra<-l nurs*; Maria A. Kolp. contract
Bane; V. A. Fullie, contract nurse: Georgia
contract nurse; K. AV. Lang; Mrs.
J. J. Emery; Mrs. W. (\ Johnson: Mr*. A. F.
Prescott: Mis* Mc-Grejss°r: Mrs. Hawley: W.
«. AtweM. Kj£ N-; Frank McGregsor; C. H.
SI*. Levy; Mrs. lack!«on; Mr?. J. M. Burroughs;
R. 1. McKiEflk; William Caton. blacksmith
Q. M. P.: A. M. Burton, teamster, Q. M. D. ;
<^<»orjre Wond^rly. teamster Q. M. D. : A. W.
Porter, rhfcker Q. M. D. : Paul Ke«»pat. dis
• harired II. tv N.; A. T. Gladif^e. civilian; Ser
feant J. Healry, retired Omjmny L. Third Ar
ti'.>ry: Pergear.t Jose R"dri(?uei. retired band,
tixth Arti!ler> - : 'Mrs. Eugenr « "of fin Jr.; W. X.
V.'anamaker: F. E. Frazier: Mrs. A. J.
J. S. Grant; Mrs.. M. C. Haysor; Mrs. J. A.
Loitch and child; Hugh Cor.nell. waman U. S.
A. T. S.; Fred Watermeier. coalpasper U. 6.
A. T. 6.; »*\»-nte«'n dirharged crew U. S. A.
T. Ft. Mark: J. KcbUcht. disoharffed V. g. N. ;
A. E. Atkins. Q. M. D. : William L. Gillls.
Fubsistence L>epartinent; G. H. Walsh, butcher
Q. M. P.
Chlrf Officer Murch of the Warren Is on
the sick list and his place is being filled
by Chief Officer V. J. t»ahlstedt.
Amor:? the passengers is D. W. Dudley,
formerly captain nf the St. Mark. The lat
ter vessel remains in the Philippines as
a coal transport, and the captain has
tome liom<> to take another ship. Brigade
Furgeon Pe&rose is also a passenger. He
Is the son of General Penrose. retired.
*r.d was for many years a resident of Salt
Lake City.
Captain Krazl<~r of the Warren is loaded
down with l^ttfrs of thanks from the of
ficers, of the various regiments he has
carried during this last cruise. Every one
r>f them gives him a full meed of praise
for ills seamanship, and all speak in glow-
Inp tenr.s of the gentlemanly manner in
which he treated all with whom he came
In cor.tact. Considering the condition the
chip's boilers are in. Captain Frazier and
Chief E.*>ginw Fr«»nch deserve great
credit for bciniring her Into port In the
pood time, under the circumstances, of
thirty-four days.
IIABIFOSA OFT FOB- HONOLULU.
First Trip of the Australian Liner on
New Mail Route.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mar-
Iposa Railed for Honolulu yesterday, car
rying the United States mails, a full car
go and the following cabin passengers:
Jirp. K Al'on, Mips Bennett, S. Bers. Miss
E. Bowman. 1C. <;. lirown. S: L. Clark. Miss
K. K. l>ayton; A. R. IJreler. wife and two
children: J. Ferr.fberc. Miss H. Falck. Mrs.
C. N Fulcher and child. P. H. Gavin; John
H. Goariie. wife and maid; F. W. Grant and
wi>. C S. Hall.' llisn H. Hennlnss. Theodore
HoffJTian anil wife. Mrs. H. Holmes, llrt. H.
1^. Kerr. Miss M. KesalT. Mrs. F. W. Mac
farlar>»'.' R. A. I*«*frj- and wife. C. E. Robin.
Mips H. S. Fan-ibprK, & Schweitzer. R. Sprado,
UF. Stone. UiU'.R. Tuck. A. B. Well.
¦. Mrs. C N. Fulcher is the charming wife
¦of the purser of the steamship, and is
going to Hawaii on a visit to friends. She
will probably remain over a trip and come
home on the Mariposa in March.
Gets Six Months' Leave.
Lieutenant C R. Alberger. aid to Cap
tain Jamc3 of the State Naval Militia,
has been granted a six months' leave of
absence and wfll bid his comrades au re
volr to-day. The steamship RoyaJlst is
expected here in a few days to load gen
eral merchandise for Sydney, and Lieu
tenant Alberper has been appointed the
vessel's, supercargo. He will take full
control of the freight here and will be re-
Eponsibie for its proper distribution in
Sydney. . Mr. Alberger has many friends
en the front and all of them Join In wish-
Ing him Buccess In his new vocation.
"Water Front Xotcs. \'V,""
The schooner Mayflower was caught In
the norther of February 1. Her •standing
rigging was so badly damacwJ that Cap
tain Gudmansen decided to return to port.
The Mayflower was bound ' for Coqulile
River.
The Doric was 'released from quarantine
and docked yesterday. She had only a
few passengers snd brine* little or. no
sews from. th«; Orient. Holng a British
Eteamcr ehe carries no mall from Hono
lulu, tut nearly a hundred sacks came up
on the transport Warren.
Repairs to the steani schooner : laqua
will cost $50,000. Her stern post is gtme.
and be^lnnine at about forty feet from
the Ftcrn every bit of her bottom has been
torn out to the forefout.
• The Barbara Hernster 1* now in Oak
land Creelc. and it beginti to look an
ihoujE-h h<-r sointt ashore whs -cauiied by
a rope pettinp into the propeller. Ajj
fnon as the Ia<jua tomc-K oft the drj'dock
the Barbara Uernster will go on.
HEWS OP THE OCEAN'.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The I>una<»« loads lumber at ChemaJnui for
Cork, 85s. prior to arrival; the B. K. Wood,
lumber it port Gamble for Haiphong, prior to
arrival.
January H-eceipts.
. LunVr- Keceipts of Lumber at this port for
January were as follows: From Washington,
15.4J3 feft: Oregon. 8,821.000; Calirornia, 11.-
Io2.000. Total. 2S.236.O0O fc-et. acalnst20.81S.000
fe*t for January. 1906.
Coal — Receipts of Coal were aa follows: Front
Puget Bound. C4.220 tons: British Columbia, 3!.-
CM; Oreron. 25S5; Australia. IL'87; Eastern.
»¦•:.'. making' a total of :os,813 tons, against
ZZ i .'''f. tons for Januitry. 1WW.
K»lmon-Thf receipts of Salmon for the month
amounted to 23W cases 413 barrels and 107 pkrs,
arsinst 4144 cases and 23 barrels In January.
liOO
Notice lo Mariaers.
LTNr: CAJTAL, ALASKA.
Nctic* Is hereby civen that Sherman Rock
bejl buor. a red tmn-ebaped lattice work. body,
namoontrt by a bell, was reported. January
79. as adrift from Its position about -300 feet
.IV £ "W of Eberxnaa liock. Lynn Cansl. . It will
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.33c; Extra C.
5.2Sc; GcUlen C, 5.15c; barrels, lfc more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. BOc more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for leu than 75
barrels ox its equivalent. Domtaos. half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
.
STOCK MARKET.
There were no stock markets yeoterdar. as
the Bond. Mlninsr and Oil exchanges remained,
closed in respect to the meznnry of the Que^n.
Pales ot stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change tn January -were as follows, compared
with the same month last year: Of stocks.
29,404 shares, against 37.1j1; of bonda. J754.0OO.
against JCOO.SiO.
Th» following dividends have been declared:
Pacific Llghtim*. S0c, rayabl* en the . 5th;
Standard Con. Mining Co.. 10c, on the 2!*t;
Onomea Sugar. 2T.C. on the 6th; Giant Powder.
73c. on the Ilth: Paclflc Auxiliary Fire Alarm.
r.c. on the 12th; Alaska Packer*" 73c, on the
12th.
The quarterly interest on ths sscond mort
gage 4 per cent bonds of th» Spring Valley
Wa.ter Company is bow payable. ; ¦<¦. 1
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT WARREN MAKING HONOLULU
IN DISTRESS. SHE PASSED IN THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE
LAST NIGHT AND IS NOW IN QUARANTINE.
Weather Report.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
TJnlted States at Kan Francisco, reports cash
on hand January 31 as follows:
United States notes .,. $3,733 00
Treasury notes of 1890 i....... 2,088 00
National bank notes 260 00
Gold certificates 801.450 00
Silver certificates 78,336 00
Gold coin 24,969.744 92
Standard silver dollars 31,708.767 00
Subsidiary silver coin 419.432 80
Minor coin , 17,895 11
Coupons 425 75
Miscellaneous 344 50
Total ..." ...158.002,477 08
! The shipments of silver during the month
I were as follows: ' .
: -Standard silver dollars ...$50,500 00
Fractional silver coin 44,970 00
Total' .........'...'...'..-.7..'.;. .,..$95,470 00
Government Money Here.
"Trad? in dried fruits last week was excep
tionally dull, demand being the lightest in some
time. - Jobbing request for lOO-lSOa and 60-7C«
prunes showed some slight Improvement, due
largely tq offerings of small sizes at very low
prices. Sizes 40-&0s iand 50-80s are very dull,
and it is reported there are- offerings of 4)-50a
as low as 7c. Dates are dull and easy in ten
dency, particularly for Salr. Raisins are quiet
and 2-crown and J-crown California loose ap
pear to be offering more freely at 5%c and Cc.
Home little trade is doing In domestic Sultanas.
Sale of 100 boxes of unbleached was reported
Saturday at 7'4c Bleached are said to be
closely controlled by a local seeder. Apricots
and poaches ire unchanged and quiet. Reports
from the coast were received in the trade of
a firmer feeling there on apricots, stocks of
which ai-e stated to be not heavy In California.
Evaporated apples are quiet. 4%c bid and 4T4c
asked for rrlme." .
Late mall reports from New Tork say
Dried Fruit in New York.
The coinage of the local Mint thus far this
flscal year amounts to $42,fl48,S27, against $38,
641,297 for the same time last fiscal year, as
follows: Double eagle.s, $33,230,000; eagles, $3 -
530.0CO; half eagles. $5,110,000; dollars, $758,000;
quarter dollars, $110,000; dimes, $210,827.
Coinage of the Mint.
The local Bank Clearings for the past week
amounted to $20,740.85$. against 519,293,307 for
the same week last year.
Bank Clearings. „
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 2.— WHEAT— Steady and un
changed. Blue Btem,.L8',4c; club, CCc.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. . " Feb. . 2.— WHEAT— Steady ;
Walla Walla. 65%!&S6c. .
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Feb. 2.— Clearings, J26S.71S; bal
ances, $90,286.
ST. LOUIS. " Feb. 2.— "Wool dull and weak.
but unchanged.
Portland's Business. ?¦;
St. Louis Wool Market.
CHICAGO. Feb, t-CATTLE-Reeelpts, 200.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers. $3 10
®6: poor to medium. $3 50(35: stockers and
feeders. *2@4 fiO; cows. S2 65©4 20: heifers. ?2 75
@i 40: canners. Jl 9<Xg2 60; bulls. J2 801J4 25;
calve*. $4^6; Texas fed steers, J4@4 SO: Texas
grass steers. $3 S0f§4; Texas bulls, S2 S0$3 65.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 15.000; Monday. 29.
000; left over. 1000. Generally 5c higher, clos
ing strong. Top, 15 42>,4: mixed and butchers'.
$r> 20S5 40; Bbo.1 to choice heavy, $3 30©5 42%;
rnuith heavy. Ji i5^R 25; light. 15 20@5 25; bulk
of sales. I5'!7tt$5 S7&
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000. She«p and " lambs
steady. Good to -choice wethers, S3 90@4 50;
fair to choice mixed. £3 50(ff4: .AVestern sheen.
$3 1KV3 4 f>«; Texas kheep. %i S0@3 50; native
lambs, |4 35@5 35; Western lambs, $5@5 So.
Chicago Livestock Market.
DENVER. Feb. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300;
weak and lower; beef eteere, S3 25@4 SO;- cows,
$2 25<i;3 75; feeders, freight paid to river, |3Q>
4 50: stockPrs, do. $3 25^4 50; bulls, stags, etc..
$2«3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 200; shade higher; light
packers. J5 20C5 25; mixed. Jo 25@5 30; - heavy.
$5 25@& 30.
SHEEP— Receipts." 700; market steady to
weak. . •
DENVER.
OMAHA. Feb. 2.-CATTLE— Receipt!. 3«:
nominally steady, with yerterday and a week
ago: native beef steers. $4®5 40; Western steers.
S3 70^4 60: Texas steers. J3«Sj-S 75; cows and
heifers. S3$4 25: canners, $1 £0@2 90; stockera
and feeders. $3 25@4 W: calves, $4$7; - bulls,
•tags, etc., J2 5004.
HOGS— Receipts. 7800: active, shade higher:
heavy. S5 22%@5 30; mixed. |5 22%©& 25; Ught.
S3 ZCffo 21%: pigs, S4fi4 75; bulk of sales. $» 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300; steady; yearlings,
U 40^4 80: wethers. $lft} 40; common and stock
sheep. $3 7S@3 83; lamb*. $4 50® 5 30.
OMAHA.
KANSAS CITT. Feb. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts.
200; unchanged; native beef steeps, $4 50^5 65;
stockero • and feeder?, S3 75@4 90; ' "Western fed
steers, $4 25®5 25; Texas and Indian steers.
$3 75<ff4 75: cows, $3© I 25: heifers, $3 GO'S 4 75:
canners. $2 35473; bulls, $3@4 50; calves, $3 50@
7 £0.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000; strong to * 8c' higher;
active; bulk of salep. s5 20<g5 30; heavy, $5 2m
6 37V4; packers. $5 20«5 35: mlxetl $5 10@5 30;
light. $4 <*i03 25; yorkers. $5 15'bo 25; pigs. It 65
@5 05.
SHEEP— None.
KANSAS CITT,
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— With the exception of
the Coffee Exchange, all exchanges of this city
were closed as a mark of respect to th;
memory of the late Quaen Victoria. Business
In nil the minor markets was also prac
tically susDended, with the metal market -no
exception to the general rule. Quotations lor
the local market remain nominally as bef.nre
quoted. Plglron warrants, J9 60(?10 60; North
ern foundr>'i JlaSlS 50. Tin,. $26 20. Lead,
$4 3714. Copper, 111, for Laka and $18 S2ft for
casting. Spelter, $4@4 05.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— BUTTKRt-Steady; re
ceipts, ' 4031 packages; creamery. 16@22c4 June
creamery, .lo'iyiOc; factory, HQl-t^c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7032 packages. Dull. "West
ern at mark. •19#20c; 'Southern do, 18V!@19^4c.
.There was no. change reported In Sugar, -mo
lasses, rice, leather, hides, naval stores,
meats or any minor markets.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— TTie . market for
evaporated apples was dull ana featureless to
day. Prices were nomlnalry unchanged at Z%
&i\c; prime, 4%@5c; choice. fiHSGc; . fancy,
6iff7c.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— 3v*ft8'.-.c per poand. aa to clze and
quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, 7*1® 12a: Moorpark. SVi,
C15c.
PEACHES— Peeled. H@18c; unpeeled. 6%310c.
New York Provision (Marked.
NEW TORK, Feb. 2— Prime mercantile pa
per. 3%ig4',i per cent. Sterling- exchange steadj\
with actual business in bankers* bills at U 88
for demand and at $4 84HJM 84^4 for sixty days;
posted rates, J4 85@4 MM and Jl 89: comm-rcial
bills, $4 &3H4M 84. Bar sliver, 60y 4 c. Mexican
dollars, 47c.
Nczv , York Money ' Market.
"WASHINGTON. Feb.. 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J15Q.0Off.0OO gold reserve". In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash,
balance. tl42,247,330; gold, J71,22S,0ol.
Condition of the Treasury.
alone excepted. and larger by nearly fifty mil
lions than the individual deposits of the 173H
national banks of the New England Stntes and
the eight Middle States, Including fourteen
reserve .cities, as reported otlicially on iJecem
ber 13 last. During the past week three New
York banks Increased their loans about $18.
000,000. or within one million of the total loans
of the ninety-nine national banks of the State
of Nebraska.
SUMMARY OF 'THE MARKETS.-- ¦ ; .
Produce, Bond, Mining and Oil exchanges closed.
Very few qtiotations from the East.
Weekly bank clearings gain- slightly over last year
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. about as before..
Egg*, lower. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Reported excessive receipts of Eastern Poultry impending.
Game coming in freely, but steady'.]
Five car's of Oranges to be auctioned to-mo'rroiu
Lemons and Bananas weak and Limes firm.
pried Fruit continues neglected. ¦
Provisions' firm- and quiet at previous prices.
Some fluctuations in Hides.
Nothing neiu in the Meat market. •
Increased coinage of the Mint this year.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Corn*
pany quotes, per lb. in lM-lb bags: ...
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered, 5.?5c; Candy Gra»-
COAL-^TTeMagton. J9 per ton; Southfleld
¦Wellington, *3; Seattle. J7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; 'Wallsend, 19; Co-operative WalU
end, ,»9: Cumberland. J12 in bulk and Jli 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. «4; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke. Jl.7 p«r ton in bulk and
119 in sacks; Rocky. Mountain descriptions, tt M
per 2000 lbs and $S 60 per ton, according to
brar.d,.>»\99£ds«a^gQHBaMiHggapygaj0ffiM
BAGS— San Quentin . Bags. $3 63; Calcutta
Grain. Bags. June and July. e%c; Wool Bags,
S0©32Vtc; Fleece Twine. 7H«. • / -
General Merchandise.
LAMB— llVglle per lb: spring. 12\±c per' lb
PORK — Live Hogs, (^cuc for small and" CO
C^c for medium and $%&5%c lor large: stock
Hops. 6$5>ic; feeders, 5H95V»c; dressed Hogs
The market remains unchanged. Hojrs being
in light. supply and firm, and Beef, Veal and
Mutton eaey and quieter. ,
BEEF- TSiSc for Steers and S©7!4c per Ib
fnr Cows. . . -
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc;-small. to per lb. *
¦ MUTTON-Wethers, 9'jiSlOc; Ewes. 9®9U<.
per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Baited Steers
JWPOc; medium. 9c: light; S^S%c; Cow Hides'
fcVfcc for heavy and S«8>4c for Ilgtjt: Stag* «J
«4c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9ifJl0c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15>4©lSc: Culls, ite- dry
Kip. 15c: Dry Caif. lfic: culls and brands
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 2WS0c each; short
Wool. S0@50c each; medium, 60©73c; \ Qng yya,.,
KcUn each: Horse Hldw, salt, $2£0 for
large and $262 23 for medium. *l#i 23 for small
and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. tl 75 ,„"
large. » 50 for medium. SI 25 for small and 6O0
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skin*. 23^
fall or medium ifclns. 3Cc: Winter or thin .kins'
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; larg« ana
smooth 60c: medium. J5c. . ~"
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. <K©4J4o per , b .
No. 2 ZMc: grease, 2@2V£c. ; tTT. jo »
WOOir-Sprln* Clip Is quotable as follows-
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective 12a
14c, AlWdle County, free. 15@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. U@14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9®10c: Southern Mountain. f»ee 7
months'. ll©J2c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno lS
fine: Nevada. lJ@l6c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. «4©Sc; da lambs 8®
»e; Middle Cgunty, "SeiOc; Northern Mountain,
free. 10®llc: Southern Mountain. T^fts^c"-
Humboldt and Mendoeinn. ll©12c per lb
-HOPS— 13@16c per lb; from second hands 16a
20o are the asking prices.
Hides show a number or small changes, bnt
the market is quiet, with sufficient stocks.
Previous prices rule with a quiet market.
CURED MEATS-Baeon. llgH^c p* r i b f or
heavy, ll'4»12c for light medium. 12%©i3c for
light. 13',4@lic for extra light and 15@l5v;c r or
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured llama
12c; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Men »13-
Family. *1<: <»xtra Prime Pork. |15©15 50; extra
clear. J19 50©20; Meas, $17; Smoked Beef. 13*
per ponnd.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6HS«*ic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure
»14c: 10-lb tins. »%c; S-lb Una. 9>4c. , *
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. g^ c - three
haU-barrels. 8c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7%c: five tierces. Vfoi per lb. • '
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, .4 sizes, 3c;
80-40*. 7c; 40-5QS. 6*ie: 60-COs, 4Uc: 60-TOs. I?4c:
70-808. Z%jc; 80®90s. 3»£c: ,90-100s. SVic: 100-120S.
l%c; rubies, %e premium; Sonoraas, and
San Joaqulns, }' t c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots. CffSc for Royals and 10<S10*ic for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples. 4@5'4c: «un-dri«l
IH@2?ie; Peaches. &g4c for standard, 3%#5c for
choice and SHftS^c for fancy; Pears. iS7c-
Plums, pitted. 5«SHc: unpitted. l^l^c; Nec
tarines, 5S5Hc for red and 5%$6c for white
RAISINS— The Raisin ¦ Growers' Association
has established the fallowing prices: Bleached
Thompson's .fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie
standard, 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp-'
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lOUc per
lb; choice, 9%e; standard. S*ic: prime. 8c- un
bleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes
€%e: 4-crown. Tc; 3-crown. 6»£c; j<rown, 8e'
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 3c; 3-crown, 5Hc and
4-crown. 6Hc; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy
lfS-ounee. 7c: 12-ounce. 5»4c; choice, K-ounce'
6*ic; 12-ounce. 5%c: London Layers. 2-erown'
SI 50 per box: 3-crown. Jl CO: Fancy Cluster*"
t2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. J3. All prices f*
o. b. at common shipping points in California
• NUTS— Chestnuts. frftlOc per lb for Italian-
Walnuts. No. 1. softshell. 10c: No. 2. 7%c- v o '
1 hardahell. 914c: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. l'Stfc
for papershell. 9011c for softshell; Peanutn 5
66c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts
\3c; Pecans. ll@13c: Coooanuts, & 50©S
HONEY-Comb. 13«©14V4c for bright and 12^4
«T13c for light amber:, water white extract**?
7*l&8c; light amber extracted. «HO7c- dark!
£«T6HC per lb. -' "*
BEES\VAX-24@26c per lb. . .
The market continues lifeless and unchanged,
CITRUS FP-riTS— Navel Orange*. »1S2: Seed
lings. SOcQtl; Tangerines. 73c®tl 50; Mandarin*.
75c© $1; Lemons, 25c££fl 25 for common and $1 .Vt
92 for good tn choice; Grape Fruit. S1S2: Hex
lean Limes. tn<fl5 50: California Limes. 23«50c;
Bananas, £'.>c?z$l &0 per bunch; Pineapples, ~73c©
12 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
APPLES— 3Ti{rS5c per box for common, 73c9
$1 51 for good to choice and Jl 73®2 for fancy.
PEARS— 63c®$l 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsin*. J13 50 per bar
rel.
DECIDUOUS KKTJ1TS—
Five cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction. The market ctand* about
the same. Oranges and Lemons being plentiful,
¦while- Limes are in light supply and firm.
Stocks of Bananas continue excessive.
Stoc!/s of Eggs are slowly accumulating and
lo*er -prices were again made on the Exchange,
i Ch<»8e stands the same.
V^hUe Butter as a rule Is Quoted firm, re
ceipts are considerably larger than at this time
lvst year and there Is plenty of stock on hand,
'dairy descriptions predominating. Fine cream
ery holds Its own without difficulty.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 25.900 pounds Butter, SSI cases Eggs and
1500 pounds Cheese.
BXjTTEK—
• Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts. 18c; seconds,
. Dairy— Extras. 17c; firsts. 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras,- ; firsts, ;
seconds. ; dairy extras. .
Pickle. .per pound. •
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, lie: choice,
SHc; common,' nominal; Young Americas, UV4c;
Eastern, full cream, 15QU\ic per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected •whit*. 23c: mixed
colors, 22c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 22c; standard,
; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. ;
seconds. .
Storage— California fancy. : standard. .
Eastern fancy. ; standard, i ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Better, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. %\<a\ r> for Valley and $2 23 for
Mountain: Mallard. JSSJJ; Canvasback. II 5004:
Sprig, J2©3: T«j.l, 1.1 50; W'idseon. SI 50; Small
Duck. $125151 CO; Black Jack. Jligl 50; Gray
Geese, *3: Wftite Gees». f 1@1 50; Rrant, Jl 50®
1 75 for sm?41 and %1 tor larjre; Honkers, &•&
4 50; EngUffi Snipe. $2 50®3; Jack 8nipe. $150;
Hare. *l@J/2o; Rabbits. »1 50 for Cottontail and
%l for Brv^jj; Doves, 75c per dozen.
The immedlAte prospects Tor the Poultry mar
ket are dubious. Including- two cars now here,
there will be. seven cars Eastern on the market
Monday morning, though, all may not be offered
for sale. The market cf/r.tlnuas depressed, with
plenty of stock on harjd.
POULTRY— Live Tu;keys. Sgllc for. Gob
blers and US 12c for Kena; Dressed Turkeys.
13® 13c; Geese, per .pair. $175©2;" Goslings.
i I 75«?2; Ducks. »4#6 for old and .$:.@6 iO tor
young; Hens. J3 60f 50: Touns Roosters. $1 59
<T5; Old Roosters.' $3 50ftf4; Fryers. $4 50@3;
Broiler?. J4g4 50 fryr large and $3@3 60 fr»
small; Pigeons. |/®1 25 per dozen for old and
$2 60ff>1! 75 for Sq oaba.
Arrivals of Game' are na antne large again,
being 160 sks yesterday. The market was
steady, as u.«ual on Saturdfiy. which la the best
Belling- day of the week.
Poultry and (tame.
lb: Strlnsr Beans. 8S17^c: Cabbaffe.' 90c; Toma
toes Los A W elei, »0c@?l 75 per crate: from
Mexico. $2 ;5<f?2 50 per crate: E«? Plant. Los
Angles 13<S 20c per lb: Green PeHpers. Los An
fi . £ p * r lb f °r- Chile and -20c for Bell:
Dried Peppers. 9@llc: Dry Okra. 10@15c per lb;
Carrots. 2o®35c per box: Hotnouse Cucumbers,
u £> per dozen : Summer Squ.»sh. $1 50®2 per
rr,« :^. Garllc ' 3 ® 4c I* r lb : Marrowfat Squash.
JI.^/.Q per ton; -Mushrooms. 5&fl5c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
344 SO
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
• Btf&mer. . , From. | Due.
Mandalarv. Coqullle River Feb. 3
Australia Tahiti : Feb. 8
Eureka Humboldt K>b. 3
Bonlta (Newport ................. F«b. 3
Queen Ban Ditto Feb. 3
Guatemala...... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. -3
Tellus Oyster Hartror ¦ Feb. 3
Royalist Comox .......;.. Feb. 4
Czarina Seattle and Tscoma.... Feb.- 4
WUlaxnme Oyster Harbor... Feb. 4
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Feb. , 4
Mattewan Tacoroa Feb. 4
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. 4
South Portland- Rocbe Harbor............ Feb. •.- 4
F.pnta Barbara. Humboldt Feb.: 4
Empire Cooi Bay.......".......... Feb." K
Mackinaw Seattle —... Feb. 4
San Pedro.' Iliimboldt - ..;.... Feb. •
I'omona.. ....... Humboldt ...^.. ......... Feb. 5
From.
I Due.
Hyadea Seattle Feb.
J*tat«n of Cal PuRei Sound Ports..'... Feb. •
Corona Newport Feb.
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb.
I olnt Arena Point Arena Feb.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb.
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Zealandla. Honolulu Feb.
Ciescent City... Crescent City Feh. ,
WaBhtenaw.....JTacoma Fob.
Arcata Coos Bay Feb.
Nippon Maru... China and Japan ..Fob.
Columbia (Portland and Astoria... Feb.
5
6
t>
7
7
7
7
7
7
8
it
9
Steamer. I Deit nation. ISalls.l Pier.
Febrnary 3.
Arcata Coos Bay '. 10 atji Pier 13
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am 8.W. 2
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 amlPier 11
February 4. | ¦ • •
Argo Coqullle River 3 pmjPier 2
IVIirunrj' S. |
Carlisle City. China and Japan iPler —
Rainier 'Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta iN'ewport .." ft am Pier 11
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Sesos»trls iHamburg & W. Pt«[.......|S.W. 2
Umatllla I Puget Sound Porta|ll am|Pier 9
Rob't Dollar..'Seattle ..1 5 pm|Pler IS
Eureka Hutnboldt a am Pier U
February G.
Pulton iGrays Harbor 9 am Pier —
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Queen |San Diego. 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coquille Rlrer 10 am Pier 2
Czarina {Seattle & Tacoma. i pm Pier *
Febranry 7.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 ara Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pro Pier 9
Curacao jMexlcan Ports 10 am|Pler 11
Guatemala... West Coast- & Way ...,v..|S.W. 1
G. \V. Elder.. ! Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. - .. i Febrimry 8.
City Sydney.. 1 Panama & Way Pts 12->m PMS3
Australia iTahltl 4 pm Pier 7
San Pedro.,., j Humboldt _ Pier —
Corona (Newport 9 am Pier 11
SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 3. /¦£;
Sun rises .........7:13
Sun Bet* 5 : 35
Moon rises (full) 0:00 p. ra.
n Titael Tlme| Time Time
2. Ft* Ft. Ft. Ft.
<• la W K W L. W H W
3... 4:4S 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:36 TTTTT
H IV L W • H W L W
4... 0:34 5.2 5:34 2.2 11:50 5.7 6:17—0 1
6 ... 1:09 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:tl 6.3 6:45 0 3
6... 1:40 5.3 7:07 2.0 1:16 .4.9 7:19 0 8
7 ... 2:12 6.3 7:55 1.9 2:04 4.5 7:62 l's
8 ... 2:43 5.2 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:23 1 7
9 ... Z:U 5.1 9:34 1.6 3:53 3.9 9:07 2*1
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka (K22 30.69 31. M
R~l Bluff 0.02 15.15 . 15.22
San FrancUco 0.00 13.01 14.65
Sacramento 0.00 11. tS 13.61 '
Fresno : 0.00 7.58 6.13
Indep^ndenca 0.00 4.6J 8.90
San l^uls Oblspo 0.00 21.50 12.60
Lob Angeles O.OO ».86 • 4.67
San Diego 0.03 - 4.04 2.62
Steamer. I Deit nation. ISalls.l Pier.
Febrnary 3.
Arcata Coos Bay '. 10 atji Pier 13
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am 8.W. 2
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 amlPier 11
February 4. | ¦ • •
Argo Coqullle River 3 pmjPier 2
IVIirunrj' S. |
Carlisle City. China and Japan iPler —
Rainier 'Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta iN'ewport .." ft am Pier 11
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Sesos»trls iHamburg & W. Pt«[.......|S.W. 2
Umatllla I Puget Sound Porta|ll am|Pier 9
Rob't Dollar..'Seattle ..1 5 pm|Pler IS
Eureka Hutnboldt a am Pier U
February G.
Pulton iGrays Harbor 9 am Pier —
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Queen |San Diego. 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coquille Rlrer 10 am Pier 2
Czarina {Seattle & Tacoma. i pm Pier *
Febranry 7.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 ara Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pro Pier 9
Curacao jMexlcan Ports 10 am|Pler 11
Guatemala... West Coast- & Way ...,v..|S.W. 1
G. \V. Elder.. ! Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. - .. i Febrimry 8.
City Sydney.. 1 Panama & Way Pts 12->m PMS3
Australia iTahltl 4 pm Pier 7
San Pedro.,., j Humboldt _ Pier —
Corona (Newport 9 am Pier 11
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka (K22 30.69 31. M
R~l Bluff 0.02 15.15 . 15.22
San FrancUco 0.00 13.01 14.65
Sacramento 0.00 11. tS 13.61 '
Fresno : 0.00 7.58 6.13
Indep^ndenca 0.00 4.6J 8.90
San l^uls Oblspo 0.00 21.50 12.60
Lob Angeles O.OO ».86 • 4.67
San Diego 0.03 - 4.04 2.62
SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 3. /¦£;
Sun rises .........7:13
Sun Bet* 5 : 35
Moon rises (full) 0:00 p. ra.
n Titael Tlme| Time Time
2. Ft* Ft. Ft. Ft.
<• la W K W L. W H W
3... 4:4S 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:36 TTTTT
H IV L W • H W L W
4... 0:34 5.2 5:34 2.2 11:50 5.7 6:17—0 1
6 ... 1:09 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:tl 6.3 6:45 0 3
6... 1:40 5.3 7:07 2.0 1:16 .4.9 7:19 0 8
7 ... 2:12 6.3 7:55 1.9 2:04 4.5 7:62 l's
8 ... 2:43 5.2 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:23 1 7
9 ... Z:U 5.1 9:34 1.6 3:53 3.9 9:07 2*1
• Btf&mer. . , From. | Due.
Mandalarv. Coqullle River Feb. 3
Australia Tahiti : Feb. 8
Eureka Humboldt K>b. 3
Bonlta (Newport ................. F«b. 3
Queen Ban Ditto Feb. 3
Guatemala...... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. -3
Tellus Oyster Hartror ¦ Feb. 3
Royalist Comox .......;.. Feb. 4
Czarina Seattle and Tscoma.... Feb.- 4
WUlaxnme Oyster Harbor... Feb. 4
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Feb. , 4
Mattewan Tacoroa Feb. 4
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. 4
South Portland- Rocbe Harbor............ Feb. •.- 4
F.pnta Barbara. Humboldt Feb.: 4
Empire Cooi Bay.......".......... Feb." K
Mackinaw Seattle —... Feb. 4
San Pedro.' Iliimboldt - ..;.... Feb. •
I'omona.. ....... Humboldt ...^.. ......... Feb. 5
From.
I Due.
Hyadea Seattle Feb.
J*tat«n of Cal PuRei Sound Ports..'... Feb. •
Corona Newport Feb.
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb.
I olnt Arena Point Arena Feb.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb.
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Zealandla. Honolulu Feb.
Ciescent City... Crescent City Feh. ,
WaBhtenaw.....JTacoma Fob.
Arcata Coos Bay Feb.
Nippon Maru... China and Japan ..Fob.
Columbia (Portland and Astoria... Feb.
5
6
t>
7
7
7
7
7
7
8
it
9
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY.
fe SlAJfflOiB AUCTION SALE fe
Of
439 Horse; and Blares acd 175 Holes.
(Including. Matched Teams and Extra Flo*
Saddle' Horsea).
TO BE HELD AT
BASEBALL GROUNDS.
FOLSOM AND SIXTEENTH STS. . sULM
FRANCISCO,
NEXT WEDNESDAY, Feb. 0, 1001.
Commendnc at 9 a. m.
These animals were carefully selected by
competent veterinarian* (employes of the Ger-
man Government), and fulfilled all require-
ments far cavalry and •artillery service In th»
China war. The war havlnsr ended, thesa ani-
mals, were not shipped to Chtna. hut have now
been ordered sold at public auction. The num
and gelding* are tine liwlctnjt and are from 13
to 16U hands, and weijeh from WTO to J35tJ
pounds; are from r. to in years old; solid In,
color, well handled and suitable Tor fanneT*.
liverymen, sta&e owners, teamsters, ejtpreaa-
roen. etc. There- are- many splendidly matcher!
team* -among the> lot. Th* mules are also well
broken, aad weigh from lf*> tn Eo# pounds.
Positively no reserve. We want CASH from
all successful bidders, immediately on fall o£
hammer. No exception to this.
WM. G. LATNG, Uvestook Auetlrmeer.
Office. OecidMtal Htjrse Exchange. 721 How-
ard st.. S. F. '
¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Tco.
(A Ftea.rr.ers leave Broadway
Cik wharf, ban Francisco.
V5S»w. . For Alaskan Port*—11 a. m..
KpIgS* Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 23. March 2.
|^M^355&l ChanKe to company's steamers
For Victoria. Vancouver CB.
' 2222>r*j3£Si c •)• Pcrt Townsend. Seatt:;.
f^*S»K»i&\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortss
and New Whatcora HVa»h.>—
11 a. m.. T>b. S. 10. IS, 20. S.
Marrh 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chans'*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. r.r.: at Pent tie or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ey.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay—2 p. m.. Feb. 2.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27. March 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping* only at Santa Bar-
bara. Pert Lcs Angele3 snd Redondo (Los Ao-
Bel*3)—Steamer Queen. ITedneidays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Srmday*. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cnu, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay»
ucos. Port Harford <5an Lo!s Oblspo). Gart-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenem«. San
Pedro. East Ean Petlro (I^os Angeles) and
Newport—Steamer Corcna. Fridays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Bonita, Tnea-lays. 9 a. m.
For Tnsenada. Maifial»na Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. AttaU. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas <Mex.)—10 a. in.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders:
The company rewrvss the rt«fct to rt»nn
steeirers, fall?n? dates and hours of salllag-.
wlthnot r»'«*vl'»u«i notl***.
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Mont»om«ry
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PTTRKrvS A CO.. Gen. Afrta..
10 *fark»t St., Ban Fnmeiseo.
THE Q. R. & R. CO.
CIEPATCH FAST BTEA.\IEHS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
C/IDC $12 First Class Including Berth
r«nC SS Second Class aijd Mmls.
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. 2, I*. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails...Feb. 7. 17. 27. Afar. %
Short Ltn» tr> Wall* Walla. Spokane. Batte.
Helena and all points in tb« .Northwest.
"hrouth tickets to. all prrfnts "Kast-
E. C WARD. G<?n"»rs! Ajrwf.
CT> Market rt.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Braonan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calltns at
Kobe (Hlogo>. Naeasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong- wtth steamers for
India, etc. Xo caryo received on board en flay
of sailing-
SS. NIPPON ilAP.TT
Taesdar. Tebraary 19. TSn\
FS. AMERICA M Alt IT. ..Friday. March IS. 1901
SS. HONGKONG M.\Rt:
: .-. Tuesday. April S. MOl
Round-trip tlrketa at reduced rates. For
frrtrht and passage apply at company's edee.
421 Market street. f»m»r First.
W. H. AVERT. Oenerat A Rent.
A«>aaiif4> C Q Pfi HViVM! ' "*", em
OCCaB8CS.5.iO. gggf-as
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..." -..
Friday, February 9. 4 p. zn.
SS. "VENTURA, fnr Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and .Aastralla
Wednesday. February 13. at 9 p. m.
SS. MABIFOSA only1*
...Saturday. February 13. 2 p. m.
.. 0.3PHECXELS & BROS. CO., General Agents. 32/ k'artst St
Sea'l Passes Offia, 8tt \ilM SL, risr la. 7. Pact; St
l/flCIIAO I 1111" HATHOR.5300 Tons
KOSMOS LNEsbskssbs
Monthly salliiur for Valparaiso and Hamburs
•ria Mexloan ports. Central. South Am-rtrra, etc,
FKSOSTRJS SAILS ABOUT February 5. W>1.
j. 0.SP3ECEELS & B!UJ3. C3.. Eeacrsl Jtgsits. 327 STarkst St
Een'l fzszw Sills, 643 Sarkit St.. riff Xo. 7. Pacific St
AMERICAN LINE.
fflV TOttX. 80TJTS1MPT05, L05D05. PABIi
• Stcppinsr at Owbounc westbound.
From New T«rk Ererr Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Ken»lnnton Feb. Ill Vaderiand ....March S
St. Louis Feb. » St. Louis March 13
New York. Feb. 271 New York March »
BED STAR LINE.
Naw York and Antwerp*
From Ne» Tork Every .Wednetriay. 12 r.oon.
Kenslngrton ......Feb. r» Southward. ...March S
Noordland Feb. 2i»-Westernland ..March U
Friesland '.Feb. 171 Ken?Inxton ...March 20
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
** CHAS. D. TAYJLOU.
General Agent Pacific Goajt.
29 Montgomery street.
'PANAMA R.B.S5?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direc
Cabin. flO3; Steerage. f40.
S. S. ABGYLL sails rebmary 5,
S. S. BOA1TOXE sails Fcbroary 10.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails March 5.
From wharf, toot of Fremont tt.. at I p. m.
Freight and pasxeeffer office. S50 Market si.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast .Asent.
PACITIO STEAM KAVIGATIOS CO. A1H>
C0X?A51A SCO AMERICANA PS TAP0313
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
1. Seawall. Sailing:
S S. GUATEMALA February ". Wt
S. S. PALEXA February 20. »1X
S S. COLOMBIA March 7, MOl
S R. TUCAPEL. March 3>. »01
The?o steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American . passenger servtc«.
(No charge at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and paisroirer office. JN5 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0MPAOSIB GENERALS TKASSATLANTiqC^.
DtBECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
SailinR every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4?. • -¦«#"»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. J35 and upward. Second class tn
Havre. S4S and upwanl. ¦GENERAL AOENCT
FOR tTNITKD STATES AND CANADA. *3
Broadway (Hudwn bulldm*). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Asentsi S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
•old h-r nil W»ilrnad Ticket A*ent».
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS.
"^ORirriuVY f YARD AND YALLEJoT
SteaT->er "MontlceTlo.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at l:«
a. m., J:15, 8:30 p. m. («. Thurs. ni(bt); Irl-
days. 1 p. tn. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. el. 3
p. m. Landiag and off.ee. Miaslon-»tr»et pock,
pier No. J. Telephone Main 150S.The several commercial associations rep
resenting the shipping interests of the city
met at the rooms of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday morning to discuss the
merits of the bills now pending before
the State Legislature looking forward to
the establishment of a State Quarantine
Board. It was the unanimous opinion of
those present that a State Quarantine
lioard would only result in a conflict with
the Federal authorities on quarantine
matters, and in addition to causing- an
expenditure and waste of
raoney do material damage to the ship
ping Ji.terests cf this port.
F. W. Uchrmann was elected chairman
cf the meeting and Jibenezer Scott ¦was
chu&en 10 act as secretary. After Chair
inan Ijcfcrrflunn hail stated the object of
tiie mcwUiig tnancs iu. Naylor. attorney
cl the tomp owners' Association, was
c&licd ui>oa to explain the tuns now pend
ing beiure tne lx-gislaiure loucmng on
yuar^mme matters. He taid that 11 ths
pc-HGiiig Dills Deeome iaw by enactment
cf ti^e L-egisJature there would be a re
i;tviui 01 me old conflict between btate
and Federal otnciais mat in tne past has
caused inerciiants und ehlp owners the
loss of niauy tnousanas ot dollars. "Our
•iUiirauitine aliairf," maid he, "are now
Lxfii^K pca.ceiuiiy conducted by the Ke<i
*ral *Jo\trnment, and everything is satis
factory, with tne probable excepuonthat
v>e have an unpopular otticer at the head
cf the tiuaxantme aepertmeut. The'com
luie&ion iippointed at Washington to look
Into our sanitary condition is undoubtedly
the result of the bubonic plague scandal
of a lew months ago."
A. W. bimpson. president of the Ship
Owners' Association, said that if the bins
were passed and provision was made tor
a State Quarantine Board it would simply
mean the renewal of the troubles mat
existed between the State and .Federal
authorities some few years sso. He ex
pressed tbe belief that the Federal au
thorities would look after quarantine mat
ters in a much more satisfactory manner
if not hampered and bothered by the pres
ence of State officials.
Mayor Fhelan etated that it would be
better for the city of San Francisco and
belter for the entire State if quarantine
regulations were left in the hands of the
federal authorities. "It seems to me,"
tie concluded, "that the bills now pending:
in the Legislature bearing on quarantine
rJTiiirs are being rushed through with un
ecercly haste."
Th«> following- resolutions signed by the
officers of the associations and organiza
tions represented were then adopted:
TVhereas. Certain bills purporting to be in
the interests of. the health of the State were
Introduced in both houses of the St&te Legis
lature at Sacramento, on January 30. 1501. and
apparently supplementing a bill (No. 2S4) which
provides lor a State quarantine olncer, and
tVhere-as, Bald bills so introduced have, as
we believe, for their ultimate «nd the Fame
xnotlve as the said bill (No. 2S4). with an addi
tional lavisnness of State money, and at the
eame time the said bills tend to greatly and
uselessly magnify in the public mind a danger
which Is seldom present and which the people
ct this Staxe are amply protected against by
•ir, i at tne expense of the Federal authorities;
and
Whereas, One of e&lA bills appropriates J100,-
C00 of public money to be expended at the pleas
ure of th* Governor of this ttate without re
etriction; and
Whereas, Said bills so Introduced, on January
S5. 1301. were rushed through tne State Assem
bly and passed second reading by said body
vrlth unseemly haste and apparently without
cu« or axy consideration, on February 1, 1901*
¦ad
Whereas. Said bills were passed with unseem
ly haste on the plea that an emergency existed
which Justified 6ach action; and
Whereas, There exists no emergency In the
fc».'u;i. conditions of this State; and
Whereas. X quiet and orderly investigation
by the Federal authorities of the health condi
tions of this port, said to be now in progress,
does not justify a voluntary conflict with said
authorities nor create an emergency; and
• Whereas. There eriet" no rood reason why
lU'-h legislation should not be convldered with
due deliberation and be submitted to the
umal and proper criticism of the people of the
6tate before being enacted into a law; and
¦Whereas. The Federal authorities provide at
I '• ¦- orpence of the United States Government a
B • jplete quarantine inspection service at this
; ¦. t, with a station furnishing ample accom- '
i: 'lations and care for all infected vessels and '
j-:sonfi; aa<l
¦A'hereas. The one criticism heard regarding
!' e eald Federal quarantine service Is a unl
\ , r-sai unpopularity or the chief officer thereof;
t:.d
Wbere&s. Although scJfi unpopularity of said
Business Men Fearful That
City's Interests Are
Endangered.
Adoption of Pending Legislative
Measures Means Renewal of Old
Conflict Between State and
Federal Authorities.
D0 NOT DESIRE
QUARANTINE BOARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
Second Keg-intent of Volunteers Also
Receives Orders to Return
for Discharge.
The second lot of volunteers ordered
home for discharge Wt Manila for San
Francisco yesterday. A cablegram was
received at army headquarters In this
city stating that the Eleventh. Cav-
ELEVENTH CAVALBY
. SAILS FROM MANILA
airy embarked on the Meads. Tfc«
Eleventh consists of twenty-four officers
and 562 enlisted men. In addition to ths
regiment, there are ninety-eight side and
nine Insane, soldiers and forty-threa een
eral prisoners on thn transDort. «
Major Robert T. Gibson and Actlar A*.
?istant Sureeon C. H. Andrews and P.
A. E. Disney have been appolnte<i & boauni
to examine returnlnjr volunteer*. •• -
¦ Tho undersigned will - sell to
morrow 750 men's suits that 'are -worth be^
tween >15 and^SaO a suit Ifor \: only , :$4 65.
These suits '• are 1 tailor-made .worsteds, in
either • gray.f brown,. : black •• or ? olive : r«J so
all-wool :•'; cheviots > In f single ?-'» or '.-* double
breasted. SNon« can be ! bought •: for ; less
than $15, yet I will sell; 750 of those men's
eults , for only i W 65 -to-morrow ,v at -^ the
clothing assignee sale ) of the - Boston r T75
Market Btreet,; near Fourth. • P. C. Kellv,
Come •; Around^ To- Morrow.
; Catarrh ' la a" kindred ailment of consumption,
long : considered Incurable; and yet. there is one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh in any
of its stages." For many years this remedy was
u»ed by : the late Dr. . Stevens, a widely « noted
e uthortty . on : all i diseases • of the throat ' and
lungs.*; Having*, tested-: its '.wonderful "curative
powers ; in , thousands : of caien, and ' desiring to
relieve human iuiJerint , I ; will , send - free of
charge to ail sufferers from Catarrh, - Asthma,
Consumption and - nervous diseases - this recipo!
In German. | French j or ; English, ¦ wi th full direc
tions > for prepari ng - and \ uslnf. r Sent by mall
by addressing, with itamp.namlnt this paper
W.*A.-Noye«.-847 Poirer«' -Block, RochesUr.N.y.'
CATAEEH CAN BE^CTTRED.
DIVORCE SUITS ' FILED^Sults for divorce
were - nled • ye*t«rd«y ' by ' Harriett • M. * Baldwin
againBt i Henry . Baldwin for desertion. : diaries
A. Jeanner«'t acalnst- Stephanie Jeanneret ' for
cruelty, EUzabefhTWood- a*ain»t . Alfred M.
"Woodvfor cruelty fi and ;Blanehe ¦, S. *¦-. Palmer
against Vsigmund', Garfleld Palmer-.for , cruelty.
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham, who
.had been searching for David Glickman
with a warrant for his arrest, found him
yesterday in the City, and County Hos
pital, where he had gone for | treatment
for a sore foot/ Glickman, who -is no
stranger to the police, was being sought
' for on the . charge of having , sold furni
ture upon . which he secured - 'a ¦¦¦ chattel
mortgage from a man named C. T. : Ray.
After, getting the money on the mortgage
he. It Is alleged, sold 1 the : furniture , and
neglected to pay Ray. He was .booked
on the charge of .grand . larceny. . Glick
man has conducted a Jewelry store. at. 1^25
,• Devlsadero street, at ; which -place heLbe-
I came frequently Involved In trouble -with
. his customers over: the disposition of ar
i tides left with him for repairs. *
Finds Glickman in the Hospital.
«, Acts Erratically.
. B. J. Krepper, the .. young: man ,,who
played such a s prominent part In the re
cant Pine-street escapade in which Annie
Boiiley cast herself from a window and
fell upon the shoulders of ; Policeman J.
J. McShane. was arrested last night near
the Hall of Justice. .He was acting in a
very erratic manner, and threatened vio
lence to the arresting officer. It Is thought
that he is insane. He was charged -with
having disturbed the peace, with resist
ing 1 an officer and with carrying conceale*d
weapons. .Policeman McShane, upon
whose. shoulders the woman fell, made the
arrest. ,-:•" - ¦ : ¦ - ¦ .. - ¦• l-- ¦¦-...-.
Acts ' Erratically.
The initial ball of the Association; of
Past Arohea of the United, Ancient Order
of I Druids was riven last night in 'Union
Square Hall, and It wa3 a very pleasant
affair. It was under the direction of
James -Hagan, John Druesdorn. Harry
Mentzer.f Frank J. Horn, P. A alsangia
como, A. M. Armstrong, E. H. Goetz, J.
F. \ Rossi. J.Icardo.'J.M. Graves, H. A.
Lange, J. Huttonand L. ; Flgone. . James
F. Martinoni was floor manager and Louis
A. Wolff his assistant. .
The Past Arches.
In the summer of 1780 he received 1 a
license to practice 14.W. When Alexander
Leslie invaded .Virginia the young Jurist
again took up arms, returning to his legal
occupation again the following year.
By successive steps he rose in legislative
and Judicial prestige till in 1797 he was
appointed an envoy to France. On his
return the next year President Adams
offered him a seat. on the supreme bench,
but he declined it to take up politics, ana
in 1799 was elected, to Congress.
In 1799 he was appointed Secretary of
State, and in January, 1801, was appointed
Chief Justice of the - Supreme Court on
the resignation of Chief Justice Ellsworth.
He took his seat at the opening of .the
February term. The thirty volumes of
reports containing his opinions form a
lasting monument to his ability and learn
ing, stamping him as the best qualified
man in the nation for the position he held.
He died In the spring of 1835, In Phila
delphia, whither he had gone to seek med
ical aid for a long-continued ailment."
John Marshall was born In Germantown,
Va., : on the 24th of September. 1755. He
began the study of law at the age of 18."
In 1775 he was appointed lieutenant in a
regiment .of minute men, of which his
father, Thomas Marshall, was major. • He
won his captain's commission by his cour
age-and strict attention to duty. ";
It will be Just a century to-morrow
since John Marshall took his seat 1 as
Chief Justice of the United • States Su
preme Court and that august body mqved
from Philadelphia to Washington, D. C,
and many citizens of this city feel that the
day should not pass without some recog
nition of such an important event In, the
nation's history.' I
Supreme Court.
Hundred Years Since He
•Became Chief Justice of
MARSHALL SEATED
ONE CENTURY AGO
"Do I think these big consolidations
tend toward Government ownership ?". he
continued." /:. "Well, no. It will be a long
time before the Government will go into
the raUroad business. 1 do believe, though,
that the deal will have an important effect
on rate matters. It will certainly put . a
stop to this fearful slashing of rates, and
this is bound to benefit both the railroads
and their patrons. I am Inclined to think
the Vanderbllts are* mixed up In the deal,
though; of course, I am not in a position
to say with certainty."
Mr." Zimmerman is vice president of the
Cincinnati, 'Hamilton and Dayton Rail
road, and he Is also interested in the Cin
cinnati and Southern, Dayton Union and
the Indianapolis, Decatur and Western
roads. Referring to the. recent purchase
of the Southern Pacific stock by Union
Pacific Interests, Mr. Zimmerman said he
thought it a great transaction. ¦¦ ' -••
"It will be a big thing for the country,
as well as for the Pacific Coast," he said.
This Is the Cincinnati millionaire's first
visit to the Pacific Coast. He said last
night that he had four- times started for
San Francisco, but this is the ilrst time
he .had 'succeeded, in reaching this city.
He will leave this, morning for Monterey,
where the t)uke and Duchess of Manches
ter, i -Went', three days ago. He says that
the telegrams which he received early In
the week were quite alarming, and he felt
very uneasy for a time.
Eugene Zimmerman, railroad magnate
and multi-millionaire, arrived in the city
last night, and registered at the Palace.
He left Cincinnati "Wednesday In response
to a telegram from the Duke of Manches
ter, announcing the serious illness of the
Duchess, who is the favorite daughter of
Mr. Zimmerman.
Comes in Rtsponse to Tele
grams Announcing Ill
ness, of Daughter.
PAPA ZIMMERMAN
ARRIVES IN TOWN
J. S. Sullivan officiated as ' tbastmaster
nnd among those who responded were D.
S. Richardson, - superintendent of the
postcfffl.ee, who represented the Postmas
ter* A. M. Cox,- superintendent of-car
riers; B. F. McKinley. Assistant Post
master; Congressman Frank L. Coombs,
n. M. Roach, J. F. McCarthy. Conrad
Thieber and others. - Recitations and
vocal selections added to the evening's
entertainment. ¦ !£^M8 . '.
The San Francisco letter carriers gave
h complimentary banquet to Frank E.
Rmlth at the California Hotel last even
ing. The affair was in .honor of Mr.
Smith's recent promotion from the ear
ner service to the office of J. W. Irwin,
assistant superintendent of the* free de
livery department. -Covers were laid for
IS and an excellent menu was served. _
E. Smith, Who Was Recently
",.*.' Promoted.
Affair Givsn in Honor of Frank
irircrLE sam'b letter-^
CAHBIERS HOLD BANQUET
The meeting: then adjourned after In
structions had been given the secretary
to telegraph a copy of the resolutions to
the Legislature. A committee from the
several organizations will go to Sacra
mento early In the week to urge that the
pending", measures be killed and that quar
antine affairs be left In the hands of the
Federal Government. ; ':¦-
conflict of authority, as heretofore, and not In
any benefit to the State, or In the removal or
displacing of the Federal' service and Inspec
tion: now, therefore, be It
Resolved. By the several commercial organi
zations of the city and county and port of San
Francisco, In conference assembled at the rooms
of the Chamber of. Commerce thereof, on this
2d day of February. 1901;
That these organizations are opposed to the
passage or adoption by the State legislature of
said bills In their present form or to any bills
without proper and deliberate consideration or
to any bill or bills that provide for a State
quarantine officer, with any authority or con
trol over the shipping or commerce of this port;
or to any bill or bills that will Invite or result
In a conflict with the Federal authorities on
quarantine matters, or that provide for th«
unnecessary expenditure and consequent waste
of large or any sums of public money; and be it
Resolved. That we earnestly protest against
the adoption of the aforesaid pills, and petition
the honorable members of the State Senate and
Assembly that they do work and vote in ac
cordance herewith; and be it further .
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
forwarded to the members of the California
State Legislature forthwith. . /•
Chamber of Commerce, by W. B. Mighel, Vice
Preoident.
Ship Owners' Association of th« Pacific Coast,
by A. M. Simrson, President.
Board of Trade of San Francisco, by A." A_
Watklns, President.
Merchants' Association of San Francisco, by
F. W. Dohrmann, President.
- Manufacturers' and Producers' Association, by
A. Sbarboro, President.
Produca Exchange, by ' George W. McNear,
President.
Sah Francisco Committee on Commerce, by
William R. Wheeler, Chairman.
quarantine officer appears to be well founded,
the same is improperly being used as an argu
ment In favor of establishing an additional
quarantine service at the expense of this State;
and * . •- _
Whereas, We believe that the appointment of
; a State quarantine officer would only result In
32
pure and aelicious candy 4(m/ '.^L'&jJii*' ' ladies' gloves buc pair
These fine confections are made in-a factory that Market jJ&sJw Ji/ Jm/ J&BBi 9* dmSSsL Opposite , . If . ? her « hadnFt been \£ l l ! 2° f S n lT s " •
we control. »nd made with the most particular care. fneet *^ J£wW/ Mf^MBT^. nnlH^n lambskin gloves to start with the story woudn ; bear
There are no better candies-there can be no better- street, jf&tcjflBU JWjfrtLWL^ §gLZ3gSp OOlden • a second telling. The selhn*. h«heen something tre- |
there are extremely few sorts that are so eood. Then Near mESef Hl^&^'^P^^**™**** Gate mendous — and little f^r&lf^^-
they are constantly fresh, and new things are con- c: v *-»i m^Ff jHSmf _^*~ _ "^^^ ¦' - A,, on no wonder, for it's one of Wjgffl
stantlv being conjured. They are sold at dry-goods Oixin. jW/>f^*il f^P 1 *^^ rtVenUe * the best clove chances J&&L >>-r- >
Hand made French mixed creams — per pound 35c v_ fulH' f **' ** St 'd fffi*- —^- !Lj^^?
|S^^^^g|^M|^^yery,^ay;briri|^8Oin|tli^^^ygj^nt^ttv^tiye
' f T^] ,^iSS ' '¦: in silks andjdress goods #>^
¦ /S^^^^^j^S^J^. —fresh every day^— New goods flit in and out of tlie silk and dress goods store with astonishing celerity— that's why the Jroniotlv ° C ° mC %i* v *« *
'^>X^ :^^^^r>^^ \ per pound 25c B tock is always so fresh, and beautiful. Vigorous action is our imperative rule here— always. Goods are forced v ao - -i x, 1 ' a< "**""
r i^^^i'I^i J» ' u As ? ortcd , •??" to move lively— are barely out of their cases before a stimulus is applied by marking them at resistlsss prices. . oac a P aIr whllc thcy Ia8t
* ' \ bonmeres — highly The oflerlngs we ek are unusually attractive^and diversified. We haven't the space to print details in _, - V; : # ' {
? po"und C( ...TT.. 5Oe 'completeness. These hints must serves' r; • -. " ' FebrUOPy Sale Of handy , \
is • * n x«^^ 1 5^^« Black silk grenadines— small and me- . •• ,' SgySl ? Homespun suitings— the very name HClpS TOP nOUSCKCCpePS
liningS— gOOd klndS - dium brocaded designs on shecr Rauze -^ : WlMl- ¦' «K«t. sturdy wear. These are .16 Part of titeitoiy follow., but the whole page ;
of litt-I^ npirf'C ' j • u j r\ c 1 ' u fs^B&A ¦ . ,~ ., . , , . could not tell it all. The big basement salesroom u
at IILLIC pi ltc?5 grounds— 45 inches wide. One of fash- • SR**' inches wide and the color assortment in- full of really useful helps for housekeepers, and un- ;
One of the busiest places in this bij? store b the ion's favorites for spring. All.pVTfces dudes all the new and fashionable eravs, usually little to pay just now for any of them. C:, ; ,!
corner where linings are sold >-'Best qualities . largest from a dollar a yard up, with one very 1 '^>r t SSJ : tans, beiges and blue*." Per yard.. 45c No. 10 challenge clothes wringers— now !
vanetv and lowest prices is the combination that at- . . ttO Kix fc&; Vftj '".-"• xt^ - *-. k^rtlr* nirW^l nUt*A «« * n ™~r «««/ '
tracts the thrifty. Plenty of experienced and cour- choice lot at .$2.50 fl&Ur • ' nickel plated • on copper-now .
teous salespeople to show you. the many splendid ' ; iffylM Granite sultlngs-an extra heavy hard " Trunks-Vizei'28,' 30V 33 and'^'incheMOw-Vcach •
values, amonsr which are these: Rippling silks— a new and very beau- W«*K finished tabric with a pebble surface. >It ».$3.S7 .
Silk finish-d sateens— look -like silk—. tf inches tiful so f t . finish corded. silk fabric in all • \f/M% comes in black and all staple colors. \d No. 7 stoves— full nickel trimmed— now. each .
wide — per yard <£oc .-. , . • • , , . /"fin » . . .. ¦« . wn. 819.40 .
Fancy weave lining taffetas-black and colors-.^ the mdst wanted plam colors for spnnK;- // / f I inches wide. Per yard. 50c Roya i steel g ran ; te ware straikht ' *8aucepan S -8 - 1
inches wide— per yard lOc 19 inches wide. Per yard ...^l.OO # • j Mj quart size — now. each T6c ,
French percalines— black and all t the pretty fancy .. I '-] [^ ]| Fancy covert cloths— a very desirable Royal steel granite ware Windsor saucepans— a
colors-.i6 inches wide-per yard 15c Foulard silks in a bewiMerine variety '. R 1 . l[ ¦ fabric for swell taiior-made dresses or quart size-now, each 29o . J
Small WareS-^OOd kinds ° f nCW ' artistiC ' strikinKly eautiful and - / 1 |W ' "Parate skirts. Trie color assortment ' no R w °^ c f el eramtC WarC ; milkcan « «« size- .
Small Wares gOOd kinds exclusive patterns and m 'all the new | U I -fflk jj y and indudes the ncw no £££*£ g ra niie ware ' i^^^^^'i"^ S
at titty PPIC :S ( pens, beiges and other colors that II |S^_ coaching shades in tan, gray, brown and now. each 40c-
They wi'.l be found on a special counter in the fashion authorities . say will be mo^t #iTO«M^, blue =6 inches wide— thatV more than ¦ Royal steel granite ware teapots— 2 quart size— -
second aisle-where the crowd is thickest worn this season. 23 inches wide; per -^TO? W'AK\V^\ " .. j W , . S , 2, now, cach 35c 1
Ladies' and children's hose supporters-with or yard 75c and 850-24 inches wide $1^00 . a rd and a half ' ou know _. *« . Royal steel granite ware drinking cups-half pint •,
s^ow utton catch - ori&inal priccs ioc c ? an^ and :.- • llg^ 1 *.- >- d - ••.••••••:-• §^|^s^^Sji£^j^^£^S{:
pli^r^ipii^M"^ sale of wamsutta bleached sheets and cases - ; --
Aluminum thimbles— sizes 5 to 10— regular price sc Wamsutta sheets and cases are th* best bed muslins made. These were bought before the advance and CPOCKCPy .afHCl glaSSWaPC ,
ea KiS-°BeaVd-invisibi;' hairplns^crirnVed 'or' plain 2 - our * rices " e less man Btores ta th * country pay for them t0 - day h7 *° VePy attractive PPiceS : g
worth 12c perbox of 100— our price.. Sc • Sheets. Cases. Dinner .and soup plates with plain or fancy edges— ,
Size S4XQO inches, each COc Size 42x36 inches, each .'..l«c g inch size — worth ooc a dozen — our price, each 00
trimmings emht>nidpp!ec wttri Size 63x00 inches, each ' GSc Size 4SX36 inches, each f T ** c Handled tea cups and sauccra^St. Dennis pattern
rPimmingS, emOPOiaePieS and s - 72xqo inchcS) cach ; ... 7 Oc s . , . ch - h ¦ 2 2c -regular, size-worth $1.20 a dozen-our pnce.SOc «
handkerchiefs ' Size 8ixqo inches, each 80c blzc 50X30 inches eacn ....... ............... Four piece white toilet sets m fancy designs-large •
„ . a. Size 00x00 inches cach :". .85c Wamsutta bleached muslm — one yard wide— a special pur- size pieces— worth $1.50 a set — our price 82c *
at iPaCtlOnS OT prices ¦ Size 90x108 inches.each : .....$1.OO chase of 5 cases on sale at, per yard lOc Fancy pitchers — one quart size — ' •
ceptain lots of Jackets ape now priced so low that value counts
c-ijir-j,. " • --¦._".-:'--•• _ •*•.*¦» •-..¦• j- with handles — regular price Si. 50 i/A\/a(/AIW /// *
Spanned yokes of jet and steel— yokes of taffeta for llttl ? Or HOthlH^ ' each— our price SOc .»«# ,
vokesTc^ev^ • Women with a jacket want who have been hesitating on account of the cost may now see their way to Four piece glass table sets-cov- WMW ,
3 °Bla S ckand Ve ""i?e fringeo^k^Yrip^ bo * Wa^ easy ownership. We've. been sorting out these garments and discover that for this period of the season, there f*^**^^*?*™. ¦ <
silk cord and taffeta applique yokes— choice each 48c are too many of certain styles— some of the handsomest, too. Long before this week Is over jwe hope that trou- o^o^e 2Oc Q-fl^ *
Black silk cord yokes and skirt pieces, finished with'ble will cease to exist. Bead below of the' remedy. The Jackets were splendid values at their former prices— at *• "" • t
fine silk fringe— each .... t ..^4c their new prices they simply upset all past" standards of valued . nP«t1v tPimmerl weii-ITIfld^ 1 h %
.Dress carnitures— an importer's sample collec- . ' -^^^g-. . IlCaiiy LI 1111IIICU, WC11 UlclUt? 4
tion— including hand made applique and renaissance Tan kersey jackets— shapely, iauntr. Short automobile jackets of tan ker- ¦ &i:3=?fW%i& millinePV f\ between +
.reveres and yokes in black or white, ict and steel handsome. Made with stitched velvet sey cloth. Made double breasted style, VM$X^W\ : hiihiiiwi^ a uwittwv
spanned yokes, silk braid and fringed skirt drapes co llar trimmed with fifteen rows of silk with stitched velvet collar, tailor V^l^^' SeaSOnS' S3ie
and jet boleros— worth S2.00 to $5.00 each— all at. ... st itchln K and lined with satin. -Were' stitched strap seams and lined with taf- ISSlS^TsS'' You P a V onl y for the . bare materials that enters
* ' v\"* /¦*•' ? 1#4S $i2«>-each now ..•9.8vCO feta silk. Were $18.75 to $2i.oo-^-no\v tf* into these hats. The making costs you nothinsr. — we^
Aet.scarts in white or y J j . .,;¦';.. ,*;. V. •.../.. l.^JiViV.' 1 ..? 14 ' 75 • ' Y ' -^ 1 Rive you that to make business lively, in the millinery
t cream— made 1 y 2 to 2 yards Beautiful silk waists— black and col- ••••••• • ...... . jS®\ ' parlor between seasons. .These -two 'lots of trimmed^
lon^ and finished with fan- ors Made from a splendid quality of Handsome double breasted kersey hats were P ut U P expressly for this occasion. The
cy designs in point lace ta ff e ta silk with tucked fronts and back* "jackets in tan and black. Tailor /gk W^ «^^-v saving to you runs from 30 to 40 per cent,
braid-worth to 50c each- , , g.. j We stitched' and lined throughout with . l%XoJ3r I \ • rtfik. !
B^p..^SS- SSL Each *7.no i^p \ ts^mm '
handkerchiefs with fancy ; I **! A \ prettily trimmed with roses *
open-work and embroid- OUt"Of«SeaSOn laCketS at • / /\ \ and folia K e - Were S.voo "
ered corners and drawn- „ ° , ¦ . w d/i / V^ 1 each— now $iI.9S <
work borders-aWcolored / OUt»Of«SeaSOn pHCCS . \ / /*/ Children's hats with fluted W^ zW -
borders with inch hem— : - . # ¦-. -\ mm f i / \^iiiiu*ch » nats wiui nmcu q^jy
choice, each 5c The jackets arc made of fine imported kersey and melton cloths, and • e |j?^k A / edges—trimmed with larjje \ j^ & J
Cambric and nainsook some of them have, velvet collars, strap seams and linings of Skinners best W|^*V / taffeta bows—now, each ..... \ *s&- *
embroideries— edjrines anJ satin. The styles are very Rood, but to the ultra . critical they are a little /^/ ; Jpx.uu ¦]$&S7&s^ J.
s&*c?»i£u2&*>- insertions in scores of prel- longer than fashion's latest whim. Any clever woman can, however, alter / - />s\ Ladies and children't -^^*/5jB^C^ s «v
%^ % , ty patterns— I to 1 inches them into the latest style at a small expense. They originally sold at $6.75. ; .^rr >(^ ¦ (/ \ ' ready-to-wear hats— the re- f^ \ 7\^\ f
H3 wide— choice, per yard.... , upward— some few as high as $15.00— but now you take your pick for.....^ ~~^f /L . M • mainders of several lines— / ij._ A *
m .....Oj^c *. ..........?*•"•» j^'ss 1 now, your choice 15c ' *"«.* V4
r ¦ . - . '•:?."£¦ Ay. . • •-.'. . ¦'-.'; '¦::*,:- ."' ..'v. ':' • *
Hale's.
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale'a.
- Two British ships, each of them over a
century. old. were still afloat and sailing
the seas last year.
.• A boaster IS next door neighbor to a
liar. ;*¦'•-/''.*¦ '¦¦'''.'-': ;¦-.'.
i. . -— — ¦¦¦'??-..¦¦ . : 'vj-Vv
I " The ' first anti-slaverv ¦ BOd«ty waa . 6r«
' ganlzed In 1775 at Philadelphia,
ieHUHMN<UMHUIM(«U(HNHHI(MN
ENDING DAYS OF THE GREAT
Gigantic
Closing Out Sale
——BY THE—
Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House
1230-1232-123^ MARKET STREET.
Thousands of Garments distributed by us for the last three weeks
have caused a real sensation. Prices are Teduced to Yt. and in many in-
stances more. To close out the ENTIRE BALANCE of our late Fall
and Winter styles within 10 days we have made:
ANOTHER EREAT GUT 1H PRICES.
Odds and Entts — Broken Lines.,
$10.00 TAILOR* SUITS at ; .93.95
$12.50 TAILOR SUITS at ; 94.95
$iS.oo^TAILOR SUITS at $5.05
$20.00 TAILOR SUITS at .. . $S.45
$3.50 NAVY KERSEY JACKETS at ....: ...91.45
" $5.00 JACKETS at $2.45
$12.50 SILK-LINED JACKETS at ...I. $4.0.%
$27.50 NOVELTY JACKETS at . . ........ ... . . . " *912.O5
$2.00 ALL-WOOL BLACK SKIRTS at *-** 05c
$4.50 GOLFING SKIRTS at > """"$1.75
$5,00 BLACK RAINY-DAY SKIRTS at ............ 91.95
$7.50 NAVY BLUE .HERRINGBONE SKIRTS at ..... $3.05
$25:00 SILK SKIRTS at......;:...... " $14.05
$6.50 FUR COLLARETTES at....... "* ' 92.45
-,-$xo.oo / FOX NECK BOAS at....;..;..; .[ i*.!*" : **"$5.OO
$20.00 ASTRAKHAN CAPES at.....:........ ....-.........."$10.00
$12.50 CHINA SEAL CAPES with Astrakhan yoke at ; $5.95
$7.50 STOLE FRONT FUR COLLARETTES at $3.95
-I 1 ?." 3 ?. SILK- PETTICOATS with 5 deep tiiffles at ............ ..$8.00
,$2.50 AMISILK WAISTS atV.. :...... ........ .W.:..\ ..... $1.43
$5.00 FRENCH EMBROIDERED FLANNEL WAISTS at $2.5O
:$!.(» BLACK WOOL WAISTS at :...;.......:................. 45o
X Friedman's Furniture |
h So Much More Comfort in a Davenport
b than the old fashioned sofa^ and it has style and '
I character. Long, deep and broad, if there's any
B rest for you its in a Davenport. \ Polished Ma-
I hogany finish frame, soft sp'rings covered with fig-
I ured vclour. A recent, well made design $22.50 1
H Carvings and rich silk upholstering brings the price of tome over £100. M
I Come for Curtains Now. 1
I Stock-taking in the Drapery Department has re- 1
I vealcd broken lines among Lace Curtains. Choice 1
| patterns in Battcnberg and Arabian 'effects. Hun- i
I dreds of 5 patterns that were" $3.00, now S2.00 ' 1
I pairs to be 1 pattern that was $3.75, now S2.76' 1
I closed out at 10 patterns that were $4.00, now $3,00 1
prices that * QTn +^at was $5.50, now S3.5O I
I r .„ 12 patterns that were $5.00,. now S3.6O I
| W1U P av >' 0U 3 patterns that. were $6.00, now $4.50
I to buy for fu- 1 pattern that was $6.50, now $5.50
I turc needs if l P* ttern ttiai was .$8.50, now' 36.50
1 you don't And a lot' of Point de Calais,
need them . Pairs that sold at ;
I I12.00 for $8.00; tir.00 for $7.50 $10 for $7.00;
I nOW. f 16.50 for $10.00 J12.50 for $8,5o
I Free delivery Oakland Alameda Berkeley
\ Rj?8S- M. f RIEDMAN & CO;
\l (Incorporated) ' . . * H
Hale'a.